VOLUME XCL-NO 17.
MARCONI IS POSITIVE HE RECEIVED
THE SIGNALS ACROSS THE ATLANTIC
MARCONI SENDS THE CALL, AN ACCOUNT OF HIS SUCCESS.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Dec. 16.— TO THE EDITOR OF THE CALL:
I have to confirm the dispatch of your correspondent regarding the
receipt by me here of signals direct from Cornwall. The exact particulars are
as follows: Before leaving England I arranged for our long-distame station
near the Lizard to signal me the letter "S" repeatedly for three hours, when I
had advised him that I was ready to receive the same. I cabled on Monday that
all zvas in readiness and asked that the signal be sent at short intervals
between 3 o'clock and 6 o'clock, Greenwich time, and to be continued each
NOW READY
TO COERCE
VENEZUELA
Germany Forcibly to
Collect Just Claims
pf Subjects.
United States Will Not Ob
ject to the Seizure of
1 a Port
President Castro Continues to Make
Threats and May Even Go So
Far as to Declare
War.
Special Dispatch to Th| Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Dec. 16.— Germany
lias officially informed the United States
of her purpose to compel Venezuela to
pay the just claims of German, subjects.
This announcement, made by Baron
von Kolleben, the German Ernbassador,
has been coupled 'with definite and posi
tive assurances that Germany has no in
tention of permanently occupying, the
Venexuelan port, which it may prove
necessary for her to seize. Secretary
Hay has communicated these assurances
to the President.
There is reason to believe that in re
turn tor the courtesy shown by Ger
many, the United States has made an ex
plicit statement of its position-
America Not to Interfere.
The German Embassador understands
that this Government does not propose
to interfere with any punitive measures
•R'hich a European government may find
It necessary to enforce against an Amer
ican republic Intervention will occur
when a European nation seizes territory'
without just cause and attempts to hold it
Jjermariently. Furthermore. Germany is
Eware that In sending so many warships
to the Caribbean Sea the United States
Is not actuated by any wish to keep close
■watch on her doings. The ships are sent
to West Indian waters for the purpose
of engaging in drill. No objection would
be raised by Germany if the United States
vere to order a warship to the port
vhich she contemplated seizing, for she
understands that American interests re
culre protection.
Moreover, Germany feels that she has
Siotbing to conceal. It is her intention
to act well within the law of nations and
custom. She will make a naval demon
stration in Venezuelan waters, and if this
does not produce the desired effect, then
the seizure of a port — which one cannot
be learned- will follow. The port 'will
probably be La Guayra,
•• * _ - ■•_
Castro May Declare War.
President Castro bas asserted that he
Vrfll declare any port seized a free port.
International lawyers here say that this
will not embarrass Germany. She will
merely direct the application of a tariff
which will be equivalent to the "Vene
zuelan tariff, and the duties collected un
der it will be used to defray the bill of
damages which she holds against Vene
zuela. The United States would natur
ally prefer that Venezuela should pay
claims she owes and thus prevent forci
ble action by Germany.
President Castro understands the atti-
tude of tne United States In this respect,
f but his obstinacy has thus far caused him
to refuse to make admissions.
It may be that Castro will declare war
against Germany— a declaration which
would be deprecated by the United States
because of the license it would give to a
European power. But even In case of
war. it is stated that the policy of the
United States against German occupancy
of Venezuelan territory as indemnity for
uie expense to which the Berlin Govern
ment would be put would be upheld by
the President, and Germany fully under
stands Roosevelt's attitude in this respect.
Eays Degeneration Follows Divorce.
LONDON. Dec 17.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Daily Mail wires that
ligr. Scalabrinl (who recently return-.d
from a visit to the .United States and who
will be appointed apostolic delegate at
"Washington) says he had occasion to note
a serious degeneration in the United
States as a result of divorce.
Low Takes the Oath.
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— Seth Low took
the oath of office as Mayor of New York
In the Supreme Court this afternoon. Low
will assume office at noon on January 1.
The San Francisco Call.
SENATE RATIFIES THE HAY-PAUNCEEOTE
ISTHMIAN CANAL TREATY IN SHORT ORDER
ACTION OF CONGRESS ONXANAL TREATY INSURES UNION OF^THE WATERS? OF THE ATLANTIC AND THE PACIFIC.
Amendments Are Promptly Defeated, and by a Vote of 72 -to 6 the Members of the Upper House of
Congress Go on Record by Approving the Agreement Wtt^ Way
for {he United States to Construct and Maintain a Waterways G
WASHINGTON. Dec. 16.— The
: . Senate to-day ratified the
Hay-Pauncefote Isthmian
canal treaty by the decisive
r i,.'-^vote of T2 to 6. The vote
was reached a few minutes
before 5 o'clock after almost five hours'
discussion behind closed doors. There
were no sensational Incidents during. the
entire time. The debate was confined ex
clusively to a discussion of the merits of
the agreement and the policy of Its provi
sions.
The principal speech of the day was
made by. Senator Teller, In opposition to
the treaty, and he was followed in rapid
succession by twelve or -fifteen other Sen
ators, who epoke briefly either for or
against the motion to ratify. Teller ex
pressed confidence that the resolution
would be adopted, and while he had no
purpose to prevent that result, he was
convinced that there -are very few Sena
tors who are really satisfied with the
treaty. With Great Britain in her. pres
ent mood, he believes It would have been
possible to secure a treaty which would
give entire satisfaction, and he sharply
criticised the State department for fail
ing to do so. He took the position that
it would have been sufficient to abrogate
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty,, and- sajd that
England knew well- enough that , with
that result accomplished she could' very
well trust the United States to maintain
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1901.
day' Until ordered stopped. ' This time , would correspond, approximately zvith
half-past II to half-past 2 here. I received -on Thursday indications of sig
nals at 'half-past 12, and zvith certain :. and \ Unmistakable at 10
minutes after 1, quite a succession of "S" being received .with distinctness. A fur
ther number were received at 20 minutes after 2; the latter' not so good. The
signals were received Friday at 28 minutes after 1 o'clock, but hot so distinct
as on Thursday.- 1 am of . the opinion that- the reason why I did not obtain con
tinuous results were— first, the fluctuations in the height of -the kite which sus
pended the aerial wire; and second/ the extreme delicacy \of my receiving in-
the .neutrality, of the canal, . as this
country^ could, be prepared to do so for
many-years. . v ■ . .
v In 'Advocacy of the Treaty.
Among the other speakers of ; .the 'after-'
noon were Senators Clay, Fairbanks, Mc-
Cumber, • McLaurin (Mississippi), Cul-.
berson, Mallory, Mason, . Tillman, Bacon
and Bate. •; Senator Clay "waa one ' of the
Southern Senators who spoke In advo
cacy of the treaty. He contended ( the
treaty should be ratified because It' se
cured the abrogation' of the Clayton-Bul
wer'treaty, y- j\ ■. :-"••■: ' : '•':/.'• 'v'J - : - • ' ■
Senator. Mason made s a strong plea for
the' treaty, ; expressing ' his gratification
that. American diplomat's had succeeded
in: obtaining such a triumph as was '. this
treaty over the, original Hay-Pauncefote
agreement. .
Senator > Bacon's speech was made In
connection with , a motion to' amend the
treaty. In presenting this amendment i he
said that he was In favor of a canal . and
would : f or. the treaty with the Davis
amendment. *He opposed the treaty be
cause he did not believe'lt. would give the
United States full power over the canal.
He 'said ( Great. Bfitain rejected 'the
amended' Hay-Pauncefote treaty/ but sent
us "another treaty • about Identical ..with
the former.itreaty as amended,' except-'as'
regards the ; Davis ■ amendment. He " con-'
sldered that fact the most Important f ea-'
ture of.'the whole controversy^ . ( ■.."•
'There was an exceptionally . full Senate
when the time arrived for a vote, but, the
certainty of ratification had become so
apparent that "there was , comparatively
litttle Interest In .the proceedings. The
votes on the amendments succeeded each
other quickly.
Amendments Are Defeated.
Senator . Culberson \ off ered an. amend
ment to insert the Davis fortification
amendment of the last session. This was
defeated, 15 to 62, as follows:
Ayes— Bacon, Bate. ; Berry, Blackburn, ' Car
mack,. Culberson, Dubois. Heitfeld, McLaurin
of Mississippi. Mallory, ; Money. ■ Simmons,'
Taliaferro*. Tillman,' Vest— 15.
. Noes— Aldrich, Allison, - . Bard, Beverldge,
Burn'ham. Burrows. ;■ Burton, Clapp. Clark of
Montana, ' Clark of \ 'Wyoming-. Clay, \CockrelI,
Cullom, Deboe, Dietrich, j Diillngham, Dolliver,
Fairbanks, Foraker,, Foster of Louisiana, Fos
ter of Washington, -Frye, Galllnger. ' Gamble,
Gibson, - Hale, "X Hansbrough, \ Harris, \ Hawley,
Hoar.: Jones of Arkansas," Kean. Kearns, Kit
tredge, Lodge, : "McComas, ; McCumber. - ■•" Mc-
Enery. j McLaurln'of \ South ' Carolina,- McMillan^
Mitchell, . Martini Mason, Mlllard, • Morgan. Nel
son, Penroae. ,- Perkins, •; Pettiis, ' Platt of • Con
necticut, " Platt ,' of ' N« w ' . York, Pritchard. • Proc
tor, Quarles, : Scott, Simon, Spooner, Stewart,
Turner," Warren, Wellington, Wetmore— 62.
.'.' Senator,, Bacon': then !offered.- an/amend
nieiit'striking'6ut^of;.the preamble ' in-jthe
reference ,' to ithe^Clayton-Bulwer; treaty
tbe.wdrds,'; "without 1 ' impairing the} gen-^
eral principle V of ; " neutralization '- estab-
struments, -which were very sensitive and had to be adjusted repeatedly during
the course of -the experiments: When a permanent station is installed here' I zvill
not be dependefit ttpon fluctuations of wind, and I am confident of making the
signals strong and reliable— that is, not requiring such delicate and sensitive p
receiving instruments, by employing much greater power at the sending station.
I. must go immediately to England to make arrangements for employing more
power at the sending station, and I trust in a very short time to establish com
munication between the two continents in a thoroughly reliable and commercial
manner. ■ ' MARCONI.
lished in article VIII of that" convention/'
also the following words, in article yil,
relative to the j purchase of stock, "sub
ject to the { provisions", of the present
treaty. 1 ; also o; article III, relating to
the neutralization of the treaty, also all
of article . IV,' declaring "against change
of territorial sovereignty..* All this was
embodied In one amendment and was de
feated, 18 to 60, as follows: ,-
. Ayes— Bacon, , Bate, . Berry. ; Blackburn, Car
mack, Clark of .Montana, Clay, Culberson, Du
beis., Harris. Heitfeld. McLaurln of Mississippi.
Mallory, ' Money," Simmons. ! Taliaferro. Teller,
Tillman— IS. -.. ; : . -. v . < '. . " ■. ;.
;■-'; Noes— Aldrlch, . ■'■ Allison,'- Bard, ■ Beveridge.
Burnhara. Burrows, : Burton, Clapp, Clark of
Wyoming. '"■'Cockrell.-- Cullom, ' Deboe, Dietrich.
Diillngham. ; Dolllver, ■ ." Fairbanks, - Forakor.
Foster of • Louisiana! s . Foster' of .-Washington,
Frye, : Gallinier.-.' Gamble; Gibson. ; Hale, Hans
brough. Hatvleyi '• Hoar,' Jones j" of ■■" Arkansas,'
Kean. Kearns, Kittredg-e. Lodge, McCornas.
McCumber, McEnery, -McLaurin^ of. South Caro
lina,' McMillan," . Martin,' Mason. ■ Mlllard.
Mitchell, 'Morgan,' Nelson," Penrose, Perkins.
Pettus/i Platt ' of ; Connecticut. • Platt > of , Nfcw
York. 'Pritchard, : . Proctor,"^ Quarles,' Scott.. Si
mon, Spooaer, Stewart, .Turner,-' Vest, Warren,
Wellington, ■■,Wetraore-^60.\l' ;
Ratified ; by 72 to 6.
■ The .treaty -was then; ratified by a vote
of 72; to •6,'? as; follows: ■/■'■ ' - ■'.'.'•
I "Ayee— Aldrlch, ■' Allison, v ; Bard, V- Bate, ) Berry,
B«veridg«.> Burnham.'.^ Burrows, Car»*
mack. - Clapp, ' Clark of Montana,";' Clark VI of
TVyomlng, Clay, - Cockrell, . Cullom, Deboe,
Dietrich,. Dillingham, Dolliver, Dubois,-Fair
banks. Foraker, Foster of Louisiana, Foster o!
Washington, Frye. GaHlnger. Gamble, Gibson,
Hale, Hansbrough. Harris. Hawley, Heitfeld.
Hoar, Jones of Arkansas, Kean, Kearns, .Kitt
redge. Lodge, McComas. McComber. McEnery.
McLaurin of Mississippi, i . McLaurin of South
Carolina. McMillan. Martin. Mason. Mlllard,
Mitchell. Money. Morgan. Nelson.- Penrose, Per
kins, ' Pettus, Platt of Connecticut, Platt ■ of
New York,- Pritchard, Proctor, Quarks, Scott,
Simmons, Simon.' Spooner, . Stewart, Taliaferro.
Turner.' Vest. Warren.'. Wellington. Wetmore—
;Noes — Bacon, Blackburn, Culbemon, Mallory,
Teller, Tillman — 8.
■ Bailey paired with Depew and Elkins.
Rawl Ins paired with Hanna and Sewell.
/.Those who did;. not vote, and for whom
no pairs were announced are: Daniel,
Jones (Nevada). Patterson and Quay,\
Pope Leo Names Two New Bishops.
ROME, Dec. 16.— At the consistory held
this afternoon the Pope formally an
ncunced-among those nominated to Bish
oprics. Rev. . John O'Connor as Bishop -of
Newark, N. J., and the Rev." William J.
O'Conneli as Bishop of Portland, Me. The
consistory w'aV especially -interesting, as
the Pope, In an impassioned address, de
nounced ' the ; suggested divorce laws for
Italy 'and .appealed ' to i the- Italians not to
allow, such an'eyir, to be introduced in this
country. . ;
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SEEKING
PERMANENT
STATIONS
Inventor Expects Soon
to Plash Messages ,
Over Ocean.
Declares There Is Not the
Slightest Doubt as to Re
cent Success.
Anglo-American Company Notifies
Marconi to Stop Experiments
v and Threatens Legal
S ♦ • Proceedings.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Dec. 16.-Upon ro
turning late to-night from Cape Spear,
where he went to inspect the site for a
wireless station, Marconi received a letter
from the solicitors of the Anglo-American
J£9lfiffraiih.X!ompany giving notice that the
sole and exclusive right to. operate or
construct any system of telegraphic com
munication in the colony to places out
side of the colony is owned by it. Conse
quently they notify him that the work In
which he is engaged Is in direct violation
of the rights and privileges granted to
the company by its charter from the Gov
ernment. The solicitors add that unless
they receive promptly an intimation that
he will not proceed further with his pres
ent work legal proceedings will be begun
to restrain him. ttfl
Marconi had little success at Capo
Spear. The weather was bad, rain and
fog prevailing. As far as he could judgo
the main advantages of Cape Spear aro
that it is, the nearest point to England.
It is a . peninsula running out into the
sea, and is in close proximity to the light
house, which has telegraphic communica
tion with St. Johns. The land is not too
high, and there is no high land near it.
but tlius far he Is not satisfied that it
would be a convenient location for a sta
tion. He will try to pay another visit in.
more favorable weather.
Message on New Year's Day.
Marconi Is at present more favorably
impressed with Quidividi, a. small villaga
about two miles north of St. Johns, main
ly, because it Is close to the city and tha
general conditions seem favorable. He
will examine this site soon. He says it is
most desirable for the station to be, if
possible, on a point of land almost sur
rounded by water. This is proved by the
excellent results obtained on ships, con
sidering the strength of the batteries.
The . inventor - will probably leave here
for, England on the Allan line steamer
due here Friday. He hopes to inaugurate
the new year by sending a special mes
sage. He will go direct to Cornwall and*
take charge of matters there. By mtd
aummer, it is asserted, he will have fully
equipped the station here for sending and
receiving messages between America and
England, and another station on the Mas
sachusetts coast.
When informed to-day that Thomas
Edison did not credit the report of sig
nals having been received he. replied thai
the signals were received by himself and
were absolutely genuine.
British Operators Rsticsnt.
LONDON. Dec. 16.— A cable dispatch
has been received here from St. Johns. N.
F., announcing. that Sigr.or ilarconl will
sail for England December .19.
At the headquarters here of the invent
or of wireless. telegraphy it was said to
day by the officials In charge that the ex
periments at St. Johns, so far as they
know, are all over. They do not expect
to hear any further details until Signer
Marconi arrives In London.
It was "said that storms on both sides
of the Atlantic had seriously Interfered
with the work, which the officials say
would have been much more satisfactory
under normal weaiher conditions, the
Poldhu, Cornwall, station having been se
riously damaged by high winds.
The officials at Poldhu refuse to con
firm or deny the truth of the reports from
St. Johns that messages had been re
ceived there from Cornwall by wireless
telegraphy. .They profess complete Ignor
ance of the success or failure of the ex
periments.
Oregon Man Frozen to Death.
BAKER CITY, Or., Dec. IS.— David
Burk, a laboring man of North Powder,
was frozen to death on Saturday night
on the bills eighteen miles west of2
MILES UPHOLDS
DEWEY'S REPORT
Thinks the Admiral Best
Judge in Schley's
Case.
T _ion£ Agrees to Withhold
Action Until Counsel
Files Exceptions.
CINCINNATI. Dec. 16.— General Nelson
A. Miles, speaking to-day of the findings
of the Sehley court of inqiury, said:
I am willing to take the Judgment of Ad
miral Ifcrwey in ihe matter. He has l>e«n u.
commander of a fleet and as such has known
the anxieties ana responsibilities which rest
upon u man under these circunrstHnces. He
Wat instrumental in the destruction of one
fc>jjanij=h fleet and known and realizes the feel
ings that c-neompass an officer under such con
ditions. 1 «hlnk Dewey has summed up the
matter In u clear and concise manner and I
believe his conclusions will be indorsed by
the patriotic people of the United Slates. I
have no sympathy with the efforts which have
been made to destroy the honor of an officer
under such circumstances.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 16. — Admiral
Sehley was in consultation all this fore
noon with his counsel, hon. lsador Ray
ner and M. A. Teague, also General Felix
Agnus of Baltimore and Congressman
Schirm of Maryland. After the confer
ence Admiral Sehley authorized Teague
to make the following statement:
We have been in consultation as to what
further proceedings shall be taken. Nothing
definite has been determined so tar as civil
or criminal action of any kind against Maclay
an«l his sponsors is concerned. Maclay's claim
that the findings cf the court are a vindica
tion for himself and his book is absolutely
•purious. There are no less than half a dozen
instances in the book in which, even If he were
to copy the findings or the court and Incorpo
rate them into the volume and ehanee It to
puit the findings, the book would still be crim
inal libel.
May Appeal to the President.
Mr. Teague. during the forenoon, pre
sented the following letter to Secretary
Long:
WASHINGTON. D. C. Dec. 1C. 1901.— Sir:
I have the honor to most respectfully request
that you will withhold your approval from the
findings of the court of inquiry recently held
at the nan-yard In the city of Washington,
of which Admiral George Dewey was presi
dent, until such time ls I may have an op
portunity to file a statement of objections
thereto, and I therefore request that you do
not dissolve the court until action shall have
l#en taken on such objections. Very respect
\v. S. SCHLEY. Rear Admiral. U. S. N.
ISADOR RAYNER. Counsel for the Appll
, cant before said Court of Inquiry.
0 To the Hon. Secretary of the Navy.
He asked the Secretary to indicate his
probable action in the premises. The Sec
retary replied that the request would be
'granted and his action on the findings
and the dissolution of the court withheld
until the objections were received and he
has had an opportunity to consider them.
He stated that he would communicate
with Admiral Sehley in writing, and
asked how long a time counsel desired in
which to present their objections. Teague
replied that they would be ready for pre
sentation by Thursday or Friday of this
week.
"We will except to the finding's of the
court," said Teague, "and make a de
mand that the majority opinion be disap
proved by the Secretary as contrary to
the evidence and the pertinent facts in
the case which the court has not consid
ered nor acted upon."
Tenders Thanks to Sehley.
At the opening of to-day's session of
the Senate Jones of Arkansas introduced
a joint resolution, as follows:
That the thanks of Congress and the Ameri
can people are hereby tendered to Rear Ad
miral Winfleld S. Sehley and the officers and
men under his command for highly distin
guished conduct in conflict with the enemy,
as displayed by them In the destruction of the
Spanish fleet off the harbor of Santiago, Cuba.
July B. 1898.
That the President of the United States be
requested to cause this resolution to be com
municated to Rear Admiral Sehley and through
him to the officers and raen under his com
mand.
Without comment the resolution was
referred to the Committee on Naval Af
fairs.
Since the court of Inquiry rendered Its
verdict Rear Admiral Sehley has received
a large number of letters and telegrams,
all containing- expressions of confidence
and esteem and offers of assistance.' To
answer these personally would be a work
of such magnitude that the admiral has
addressed the following letter to the As
sociated Press, which he asks to be pub
lished:
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16. — To the Associated
Press: I beg to express through the medium
of the Associated Press my gratitude and
heartfelt thanks for the kind words and evi
dences of interest in my welfare which I have
received from all parts of the United States.
The magnitude of the correspondence renders
it impossible for me to personally acknowledge
the time, and I therefore take this means of
expressing my appreciation to one and alL
Very truly yours.
WINFIELD SCOTT SCHLEY.
Rear Admiral. U. S. JC.
The Right of Way,
by Gilbert Parker,
for instance, ,
the best selling
.-book
in the U. S. .
Why?
Why did you buy it ?
Was it because
you saw it
tavorably
reviewed ?
Because you saw
it advertised ?
Because
some one
told you
Because you knew of
Gilbert Parker's
former
work ?
Because
it appeared
as a >erial in
Harper's Magazine?
We want your opinion.
Send it to Cf-),
Harper & Brothers, NY;;/
-
CAMP 0CE4N ROAR. Sg^-SSSiS!
fictions for camping, hunting, fishing and boat-
ing. Cottages and tents. Cottages $2 50 per
w-fek; board $S 50 per week. Boats 50c a day.
TVM. ABCHEH. P. O. Tomalee. CM.-
FLOODS CAUSE
HEAVY LOSSES
Hundreds of Thousands
of Dollars' Worth of
Property Destroyed.
In Middle Western States Peo
ple and Stock Perish in
the Blizzard.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 16.— Advices
from all sections of the eastern halt of
Pennsylvania, over which area Saturday
night's storm raged furiously, are .to the
ettect that tne waters covering the flood
ed districts are receding and that railroad
and telegraphic communication are slow
iy being restored. From Towanda to
night comes the announcement of three
ueuths caused uy the flood near that
town, ami tne additional statement that
two others will die from the effects of j
exposure. The damage to property and
me pecuniary loss trom eniorced euspen
s.un ot many inuustnes will reach many
aundred» oi inuusands of dollars. Dozens
ot coal mines arc nooded, along wun
jiunureds 01 industrial concerns located
along v.aleiways, throwing idle thou
sands ot men. it is estimated that more
man 4o,uoo persons have . been rendered
:ule. - •
j ales of narrow escapes from drowning
come irom ail tn« nooaed districts. Hun
ureas ot families in little hamlets, have
been deprived ot their homes tor tne time
being ii/ swollen streams, and the ex
tremely cola weather that has set in adds
much to the suiienhgs. At Newport, a
small village near Aiientown, 5W Italians
are surrounueu oy water and were pris
oners in tneir homes tor thirty-six hours-
I At Jersey Buore tw Italians worKing on
' me raiiruau tncre were driven from their
snanties Dy tne wvertiowing . cf Pine
CreeK. , • •
Industrial Plants Flooded.
HARRISBURG. Pa., Dec. 16.— Many in
dustrial establishments in South Harris
burg have been forced to close down on
account of the freshet, the water in that
locality being higher than at any time
since the great tlood of 1889. Many houses
in that locality' were surrounded with I
water and it was necessary to use boats
to carry lood and fuel to many residents
who were unable to leave their homes.
The damage, however, will be very slignt.
It is expectel that the water will recede
during the next twenty-four hours and
that the factories will be able to resume
operations.
SCRANTON, Pa., Dec. 16.—Communi
cation with the outside world is being
gradually opened. At 10:40 p. m. a train
started for Philadelphia and New York
over the Delaware and Hudson and the
Pennsylvania Railroad, via Sunbury and
Harrisburg, carrying some of the dele
gates who had attended the American
federation of Labor Convention. The
others left to-night. Tha- Delaware,
Lackawanna and Western got its road
clear from Binghamton to New York at
tlaybreak with the exception of the
stretch at Delaware Water Gap,, where
the Delaware River had flooded the
tracks to the depth of seven feet. The
waters had receded from the tracks at 3
p m. and a train was started for New
Vork at 5:30 o'clock. There is still two
feet of water on the Lackawanna tracks
at Avondale, Luzerne County.
SHAMOKIN. Pa.. Dec. 16.— Fourteen
thousand men and boys have been ren
dered idle because of yesterday's flood in
this district. There are fourteen collieries
in this region and all of them were flood
ed by the heavy downpour. The property
loss in these works Is estimated at $200,
000
Many Herders Perish.
CHEYENNE, Wyo.,Dec. 16.— The storm
that set in last Tuesday night has in
creased to a blizzard in this state and at
many points business is almost entirely
suspended. The railroads are keeping
their lines open to traffic with much diffi
culty and a blockade is threatening.
Reports from the ranges in Southern
Wyoming tell of the demoralization of
the sheep business, flocks being scattered
in all directions and the herders dead and
missing. Many conflicting: reports of the
loss of life are being received, but certain
it is that no one could live long out of
doors in such a storm as is now raging
I throughout the State, and when the fury
of the blizzard has finally subsided it is
' expected that bodies of dead herders will
be found at numerous points in the Red
Desert country, where a number of flock
tenders are now reported missing.
! Reports from the. ranges say that the
present storm is the worst that ever visit
ed this section of the country and that if
it continues for another twenty-four hours
the losses will be heavy.
OMAHA, Neb., Dec. 16.— Another storm
struck Northern and Western Nebraska
this afternoon and in some parts of the
State it is the worst experienced since the
great blizzard of 1888. The most serious
reports come from along the line of the
Fremont, Elkhorn and Missouri Valley
railroad, which traverses the length of
the State along the northern border. From
along the line of that road and as far
west as Casper, Wyo., come reports of a
heavy fall of snow, accompanied by a
blinding wind. Several trains are tied up
in the western part of the State.
At Lyons, twenty-five miles north of this
city, John Gunderson was caught out and
tras frozen to death.
In this city the weather began to mod
erate last night and continued mild until
noon to-day, when the temperature began
to fall again, and to-night it is ten degrees
below zero.
Found Frozen' to Death.
LYONS, N. Y.. Dec. 16.— William H.
Walker, a painter, was found frozen to
death to-day near here.
GREENSBORO. Ala., Dec. 16.— Ed Jack
son, a farmer, lost his way while going
home Saturday night and was . frozen to
death.
ITHACA. N. Y.. Dec. 16.— Latest devel
opments In the flood situation In Ithaca
snow that the loss from damage to prop
erty was underestimated. The original
estimate of $200,000 will be almost doubled,
the principal sufferers being the munici
pality and the street railway companies.
GUTHRIE. O. T., Dec. 16.— Another cold
wave struck Oklahoma earlythls evening
and following so closely on the first it will
do greater damage to the extensive cattle
interests of the territory. Reports from
the ranges state that the stock Is perish
ing, weakened by lack of feed and by the
Intense cold.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 16.— Snow is re
ported from all points on the Rock Island,
Atchison and Missouri Pacific railroads in
Missouri and higher temperatures. Snow
Is urgently needed "by wheat.
MAY PLACE BOTH COUNTIES
UNDER THE CHIMES ACT
Pear of an Outbreak in Mayo and
Boscomxnon Because of Re
cent Agitation.
DUBLIN. Dec. 16.— Large numbers of
constabulary have been drafted to import
ant points in Mayo and Roscomrnon and
a proclamation placing both counties un
der the crimes act is expected to be is
sued immediately. This influx of extra
police is unprecedented since the days, of
Captain Boycott. Nationalist members of
Parliament and '. United Irish League
speakers have been most active In Mayo
and Roscommon recently, preaching forci
ble resistance to the authorities. Dublin's
reception of Messrs. Redmond, McHugh
and O'Donnell on their return from the
United States will take the form of , a
torchlight procession and addresses at
Mansion House.
Shows Resentment With a Revolver:
KANSAS CITY. Dec. lS.-Mrs. Lulu W.
Hocking shot at R. R. Andrews, manager
of a lea company, at \his store in. East
Twelfth street to-day because he had dis
charged her. The woman fired three
times. Two bullets took effect, one in
the hand and the other in the forearm.
Neither wound Is serious. Mrs. Hocking,
who is 35 years of age-, was arrested.
Mrs. Hocking and her husband had both
worked for Andrews. He was discharged
two weeks ago for inefficiency and to-day
the woman was let out.
To Cure a Cold in One Bay
Take Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. AH
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
E. .W. Grove's signature is oa each box, 25c.- •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, "TUESDAY, DECEMBER 1901.
MANY PRISONERS ARE GIVEN RELEASE
AT THE TWO BRANCH COUNTY JAILS
Motley Throng of Men and Women Set at Liberty Under Operation of a New
Law and Dozens of Vagrants Escape Serving Their Terms of Punish
ment and in Winter Dawn Hurry From Confinement to Forme Haunts
THE largest release of prisoners
from a place of confinement that
has ever taken place , In this
State was made early yesterday,
morning at Branch County Jails
Nos. 2 and 3," near the Ingleside road, when
105 men and twenty-eight -women were set
at liberty. The women were set free an
hour earlier than the men.
A law passed at the last State Legisla
ture was responsible for the big jail de
livery, and sixty of the prisoners secured
their freedom after serving but four and
five days' detention, though sentenced to
thirty days' imprisonment.
The section of the penal code under
which Captain A. J. Martin, the jail su
perintendent, -was forced -to let his
"boarders" free, went into effect on
February 20 of this year, and is as fol
lows: ;
Every person now confined in or that may
hereafter be committed to and confined In any
penitentiary, prison, Jail, house of detention,
reform school, or other penal institution, by
whatsoever name the same may now or here
after be known in this State, under conviction
for a penal offense, shall be discharged on a
Monday, regardless of the day of the week
upon which the term or time of conHnement
prescribed in the sentence or terminated by
credits or commutation would otherwise ex
pire, unless the Monday upon or preceding the
day in the same week upon which the sentence
or commutation would otherwise expire shall
fall upon or precede, within four days, a legal
holiday. In which event such person shall be
discharged upon the first Monday preceding
that, which will not be upon or be followed by.
a holiday within four days.
Hypo Fiends Sell j Coats.
Persons whose term would expire next
week or during the first week of the com
ing year were set free yesterday under the
clause of the law.
Captain Martin and his deputies were
kept busy yesterday morning in prepar
ing for the wholesale release of the pris
oners. The men and the women were giv
en a good- breakfast and advised to keep
away from the I Chinatown "gin mills"
that caused the majority of them to be
deprived of their freedom. '
As the sun threw its rays over the Mis
sion hills Captain Martin lined up the
DARING SAFECRACKERS ROB
A BANK AND POSTOFFICE
Secure a Small Sum of Money and a
Few Stamp^s for Their
Trouble.
POUGHKEEPSJE, N. Y., Dec 16.—Bur
glars entered the Rhinobeck postoffice and
bank last .night, blowing open the safes
in both places. In the postofflce they got
money and stamps to the value of $300, but
in the bank they secured nothing. The
robbers seized Harry Crandall. a rural
mail carrier who was In the postoffice,
gagged and bound him, carried him to a
blacksmith shop, placed him in a' chair,
threw a blanket over him and blew up the
forge fire so that he would not freeze. A
night watchman named Tallerday/ was
also captured and placed, In the black
smith shop. 'According to Crandall there
were seven of the burglars.
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
Itching. Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
No Cure, No Pay. All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refund
money where it fails to cure any case of piles,
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases in six days; worst cases in. fourteen days.
One application gives ease and rest. Relieves
itching instantly. TJiIs Is a new discovery, and
ls the only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee, no cure no pay. A free sample will be
sent by mall to any one sending name and ad
dress. Price, 50c. If your druggist. don't keep
it in stock send 50c In stamps and we will for
ward full size box by mail. Manufactured by
PARIS, MEDICINE CO., St. Louis, Mo., who
also manufacture the celebrated cold cure,
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. . - ,. ■
SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT
TENDING THE LATEST BIG
"JAIL DELIVERY."
prisoners in the jail buildings, and when
heads had been counted and lists tallied
the word was given to open the proceed
ings.
The big iron dors were swung open and
the motley line was formed. Men of all
nationalities and color were in that
wretched human procession, the majority
of them without sufficient clothing to
withstand the cold winter winds.
One man was the proud possessor or
$10, a kind relative having sent him the
amount. .He -boarded the car at the jail
gates in order to escape f torn his less
fortunate companions. ' ■
Captain Martin fixed up some or the
make human "flotsam and Jetsam" -with
coats and pants, secured- by his kindly ef
forts from charitable friends. Two of the
"hypo" fiends, In their craving for mor
phine, sold their coats to other men while
waiting to be released in order that they
might hav a dime to get a dose ' of the
drug when they reached Chinatown.
Expect Most of Them Back.
When the prisoners gained the road out
side the jail- they headed for the Mission
road and the railroad track, not a single
one wending his way toward San Mateo.
The police authorities were on the look
out last evening for the released men, as
it was feared that they would get into
trouble without delay.
Captain Martin looks for the return of
PRESIDENT SENDS LIST
OF NOMINEES TO SENATE
He Names Joseph 8. Spear Jr. for
Surveyor of Customs for San
Francisco.
WASHINGTON, D. C. , Dec. 16.— The
President to-day. sent the following nom
inations to the Senate: i
To be Consul at Warsaw, Russia, Angus
Campbell.
-To be Surveyor of. Customs for the Dis
trict of San Francisco, Joseph S. Spear
Jr.- .. " ••' - . .
To be Collector of Customs— Sterling A;
Campbell, for the District of Humboldt,
Cal.
To.be United States Marshal for the
Southern District of Indian Territory, B.
H. Colbert.
To be- Postmasters— George H. Roberts
Jr., at Brooklyn.' N. ' Y. ; Clayton Mc-
Mlchael, at Philadelphia.
.To be Secretary of the Territory of Ari
zona—Isaac T. Stoddard.
To be Collector of Customs— Patrick F.
Garrett. New Mexico, district of Paso del
Norte, Texas. .
Army, Artillery Corps— to be first lieu
tenant, John L.Hughes. California. "V
Panels and t Medallions.
Thousands of Medallions and Panels
from 20c to $2 50 each. It will pay all lov
ers, of r handsome novelties to visit 'the
picture department at this time": of year.
All welcome. Sanborn, Vail & Co., .741
Market street ■- " : • - - •:
the majority of the vagrants before he
prepares the Christmas dinner for the Jail
occupants. Three good meals a day, a
warm cell to sleep in and little work to do
form a picture that ls enticing to the pro
fessional vagrant' and Chinatown "bilrn^V-
A few impertinent words to a police
cer, a refusal to move on and some of the
released prisoners of yesterday will be
back at their old quarters.
Of the 133 men and women set free yes
terday the majority were "sent up" for
begsjing. vagrancy and being drunk on the
public streets. A score of the men were
imprisoned for petty larceny and three
were deprived of liberty for carrying con
cealed weapons.
There was ample food for the philoso
pher yesterday morning In watching the
throng of released prisoners that breathed
the air of freedom outside the branch
jail.. -Tales of weakness, improvidence,
vice and crime were wrapped up In the
lives of the wretched dregs of humanity
who took leave of Captain Martin and his
guards. • Fond hopes of parents had been
shattered by the men ' and women who
passed In review before the guards of the
branch jail and once again breathed the
air of liberty.
H Are ,you a weakling? Arc you one of those unfortu- y
H nate 'young men .who, r through ignorance and bad com- j£j
II pany, have, contracted nervous spells, weak back, varico- T]
H cele, gloomy forebodings, loss of courage and ambition, |J
■I loss of confidence, bashfulness, despondency and weak- Y.\
. |H ness? - Dr. McLaughlin's] Electric Belt will cure you. II
fl Are you a middle-aged man suffering (rom varicocele, prema- R
H tureness. indigestion, constipation, rheumatism, lame back, etc.? Dr. B|
HI McXaughlin'i Electric Belt.Avill cure vou. | c |
Hj ■-.-!-, Are vou an old man. declining before your time, having: lost fl
H all ability to enjoy life, with prostatic trouble, lost strength, debil- rj
El 'ity. pains. and aches, and general decay of organic powers? I can H
H- cure you with Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt with -free supensory rl
H for. weak men. . u
Em 1 will s<yid yon. sealed, free, my beautiful book telling about it fa
P ii you will send this ad. Send for it to-day. -> 3
I JR. M -'J^.MfiLAU6HLIN, J 02 ™r s ~ Kearny> I
LABOR CONFERS
WITH CAPITAL
Conferees Discuss Plans
to Bring About In
/ dustrial Peace.
General Exchange of Views
on How Best to Avoid
Disputes.
• NEW YORK. Dec. 16.— Brought together
through the good offices of the National
Civic Federation, leading representatives
of labor and capital met here to-day to
discuss plans to minimize wage and In
dustrial disputes. Attending them with
counsel were several prominent students
of economics and leading figures in the
religious world, and the opening" session
was notable for a number of striking ex
pressions and comments upon the problem
laced by the conferees. The storm in
Eastern Pennsylvania prevented Samuel
Gompers, John Mitchell, Theodore Shaffer
and other leaaing members of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor from reacning
New York in time for the meeting to-day,
but they will participate in the session to
morrow. Oscar Strauss, former Minister
to Turkey, wno acted as chairman, an
nounced that it \*as planned to form a
general executive committee, with repre
sentation divided between labor, capita,
and the general public, and it was hoped
it would become a tribunal of peace,
where the conflicting Interests might meet
on equal footing ana settle their differ
ences in a spirit of conciliation and mu
tual toleration.
Senator M. A. , Hanna, Charles M.
Schwab, president of the United State3
Steel Corporation; Archbishop Ireland,
Bishop Potter, B. R. Calioway, president
of the American Locomotive Work3; K.
D. JDurrant, secretary of the Industrial
Commission; Theodore Masburg of iJaitl
more, W. F. Pfahler of Philadelphia, R. C.
Kerens of St. Louis, R. M. Easley of the
National Civic Federation, John Phiilip3
of the National Hatters" Union, James
Ryan of the International Typographical
Union and Marcus Marks, president €>f
the National Clothing Association, wero
among the men who attended the opening
meeting. Charles M. Schwab declare J
that he was opposed to labor unions as
they were now constituted, and said that
they must fail, as the trusts had failed, in
seeking to limit the output and control
the prices. Schwab said in part:
"Schwab Declares Against Unions.
I. am here with a mind open to conviction,
anxious to see the other side of the Held, as
Bishop Potter has said, and ready to do that
which is fair. It may be that this is a selfish
motive, bat I realize that upon the peaceful
adjustment of the difficulties that exist be
tween capital and labor depends the future
prosperity of the United States. The decad
ence in trade in other countries is due to th»
hostility of labor unions. I do not claim that
labor has been arbitrary and unfair. I am not
opposed to labor unions per se, but I am
against them as they are now constitute*.
Labcr unions will not succeed as the trusts
have not succeeded oa the principle of limit
ing Consolidation for economy's
sake, fair wages, purchasing in the cheapest
market and sellins in the best, are the trade
principles that will stand. The labor
unions have . become trusts. After all,
the fortunes and the prosperity , of the
employer and the employed are linked to
gether; they are the same and the two inter
ests should stand together. I am willing to
come here and give you any practical ideas
that I can and I hope this conference will
come to some good. •
Senator Hanna expressed strong ap
proval of the principles of organized la
bor, and his speech drew apologies from
John Phillips and John J. Donnelly, two
of the labor delegates, who confessed thai
they had held erroneous and unjust view*
as to the attitude of the Senator toward
organized labor. Senator Hanna related
an experience he had with coal miners In
Ohio many years ago, and said that the
experience had made trim an advocate of
unionism. He said:
I saw then and I believe now that labor and
capital could be brought together. I believe
that the day is at hand for their peace, and I
am willing to give the best there is in me
white life lasts to bring labor and capital to-
Eether. - A settlement of the question wjll do
more for good government, good morals, good
social relations than anythinc else that we
eould accomplish. To the ■ end of all this I
freely give whatever service I can render to
. the association. -
Archbishop Ireland Gives His Views.
Bishop Potter asserted that the restora
tion of human interest to the relation of
labor and capital, the establishment of
contact between the two. bringing them
so close that they might see each other'3
position, would go far toward settling the
differences between them. He said that
ideas and practical work were needed to
bring the result which both desired.
Archbishop Ireland said that all Europe
looked to the United States to heal the
breach between the two great interests.
As a minister of religion, as a member of
a church whose pontiff had declared that
the most important duty of the church
was to maintain peace between labor and
capital, he was present to do his duty In
a movement that made for peace, har
mony and brotherhood among men. He
believed, he said, that the realization of
what Americans owed to one another as
men and children of God was needed to
bring those opposed together. He ap
proved the idea of creating some channel
for an exchange of ideas and the mutual
flow of the feeling of brotherhood.
Joseph Phillips and John J. Donnelly,
the latter of the New York Bricklayers*
Union, recorded their approval . of the
principle of arbitration and conciliation,
and asserted that for years the hatters
and bricklayers in New York had main
tained satisfactory relations with the men
■who employed them.
8T. LOUIS. Dec. 16.— By the explosion of a
gasoline stove to-day Mrs. Mary Gleason and
her daughter Mamie were fatally burned.
— x
A LARGE STOCK
RICH
HOLIDAY GOODS.
Night Robes
Neck Dress
Gloves
Underwear
; Shirts
: Hosiery
Handkerchiefs
Pajama Sails %
Urabre las, Etc.
748-75O Market St.,
242 Montgomery St.
!______ _.'
i United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE
[CONDITION AMD AFFAIRS
!_cc - OF THE
; INSURANCE ■ COMPANY, {
f\ T UASI.E. SWITZERLAND, ON Tfrt^-
V* .-.1st <Jay or D*cemb*r. A. £>. WOO. and for
the year enrllng on that flay, as niadf to I ho
I Insurance Commissioner ot the Slate of Oali-
! fornia, pursuant to th« provisions of sections
j «M\ and Ml of tho J'nliticat Co<». condensed
I as per blank furnishod by the commissioner:/
; -ASSETS. i
j Cash Market Valuo r*t att Stocks and
I ISuimJ.h owned by Company $ GS0,fi23 OO
I Cash In Company's OfHce 3.">!) 44
Cash in j::ink.H. ..." 117,O7vS TO
•Interest ilur anil accrued on all
Stocks and I»ans 1.16C C7
Premiums In due Course, of Collec-
tion CCI.TO 21
Total Assets ! JSJO.CSS 72
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $15, :;."7 S3
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense- 17.502 73
I^orscm ii-slMdl. Including expenses. 3.08& 63
<Jrre<!» premiums on Flr« Risks run-
nlnc one year nr lr«s. .p07.02r> 2G;
reinsurance W) per cent 135,512 63
Gross premium* on Fire Ulsks run-
nlKi? inor« than one year. $l.".O.-
i:;*'17; reinsurance pro rata 45J.7S4 15
!>««» find accrue*! for salaries, rents.
i. «lc « 56* 36
| All other liabilities 31.122 40
Total Liabilities $290.829 83
f •>* ■ ■- INCOME.
[ Net ensh actually received for fire
; premiums f 380,33 1 73
i Received for Interest and dividends -•
i on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from .
' all other sources 2."5.J>S7 11 «
Total Incom» $404.378 83
lCXrKNDtTtinES.
Net amount pal'I for Fire Losses
(.Including: $."•:(. Ill TX losses of pre-
I vlous years) ?278,0Sl 60
raid or ullowpd for Commission or
Brokerage 122.003 73
Fal«l for Salaries. Fees, and other
dia.re«*» f#tr officer*, clerks, "etc.- 3.300 OO
Paid for Slate, National and Local
taxes 2.069 72
AH other payments and ■ expendl-
j turaa ''• 1,8<C1 M
I Total Expenditures ftO7,4W 12
. Tim.
Losses Incurred during the year $234,353 29
Risk and Fremlums. Fire ItUks Premiums
Net amount of Risks . .
written dnrlntr. the
year *4.2.«n.B2S $302,379 S*
Net amount of Kink*
*-jr>lre<1 during th»
year 42.«27.«19 479.944 09
Net amount 'o force
December 31. i»0Q 30.823.709 437.159 43
SAUL. R. WBTET> (of "Weed A' TCennedy),
Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day of January. 1901. V. F13HBECK.
Notary Public
SYZ & CO.. General Agents,
San Kraocisco. CaL
United States Branch.
STATEMENT (j
•—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
———OF' THE
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. QAXSj, SWITZERLAND, ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1900. and
for the year ending on that day, as raado to
the Insurance Commissioner of tha State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of Sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Coda, con-
densed as per blank tarnished by tna Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and '
Bonds owned by Company $712,577 89
Cash In Company's Olflce.... ...... ISO 18
Cash In Banks 63,808 87
Interest due and accrued on all t
Stocks and Loans 8,291 67
Premiums in due Course of Collection 87,770 it
Total Assets .'........$867,637 37
* LlABTLnTEa.
Losses adjusted and unpaid. 112.639 23
Losses In process of Adjustment or s
in Suspense 17,983 «,
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 5.250 M
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or leas, $372,752 02;
reinsurance 50 per cent.... 136,376 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $137,-
953 90; reinsurance pro rata...... 73.950 12 V_
All other liabilities 42.295 « t »
Total Liabilities .....' .'....$333,510 13
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $438,513 94
Received for Interest and dividends
' on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 21.863 68
Total Income $460,378 63
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $60,922 28. losses of pre-
vious years) $371,79« 63
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 120.913 23
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc . 3,000 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes I • 12,469 59
All other payments and expenditure* 19,786 00
Total Expenditures $327,965 93
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year.... $326.740 60
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
yea" $53,162.14? $618,503 83
Net amount of Risks
— expired during the .*•
ySr •■••■• 58.364,740 594.653 01
Net amount In force *
December 31. 1900. 42.457.310 510.703 93
; "'■-...•-. 'i- , BAML. R. WEED A
(Of TVeed & Kennedy), Managers. J
Subscribed vnd sworn to before me this 7U*
day of February. 1901.
' P. FISHBECK. Notary Public.
SYZ & CO.. General Agents.
"- San Francisco. Cal,MOTHER-IN-LAW
ASSISTING BOHN
Would Take Her Grand
children From Her
Daughter.
Mra Tingley Testifies in Los
Angeles Habeas Cor
pus Case.
Bpedal Dispatch to The CalL
LOS AJCGELES. Dec. lfi—When the
habeas corpus proceedings to settle the
Question of the custody of the Bohn chil
dren were resumed before Judge Shaw to
day, the courtroom was crowded. The
cask is attracting great attention, espe
cialjr among women. Mrs. Tingley and
a number of others from Point Loma were
present. J. J. Bohn brought his children
into court and devoted himself to amus-
Jn & them thl> ou&hout the proceedings.
Mr s- Green, the mother of Mrs. Bohn
was the first witness called to the stand
H^hi e^B m i° ny was against her daughTer"!
r-J£>~ p £ tltloner rested the case after Mrs.
Green had completed her narrative, and
wftwS Dy i f * or i &e other sId e waa opened
with the introduction of Mrs. Bohn. She
detailed the troubles in the Bohn family
Soothe™ 1 * especiall >' severe against hw
m^l «^f s C Boh n completed her testi
?h« Vf^ Uch la i ted the neater part of
Vniv^ n £° n ;K S( ? retary Pierce & the
u ni\ ersal Brotherhood occupied the stand
f-^r^T mom <| nt s. but his testimony was
ffiSf'h He *™» followed by Mrs!
&w*£ft,,,T no v K , as °n 'the stand only a
th <} utes De fore court adjourned for
c^^J?* 130^ chIlfiren <!rere Siven to the
f^% f\^' lth x. &n order that both mother
aJid father have access to them at ail
ADVEBTISEIgEKTS.
Children's Vehicles
Baby Carriages
Go-Carts
Doll Carts
Xo finer assortment can be offered
than that on our floor at this time.
Prices range from $1.15 upward.
Be sure to see us before you purchase.
JfcOULTER'S RATTAN WORKS,
227 Suttcr Street.
#
Turn on the Light
of investigation into our laundry methods
and work and you'll find our telephone al-
ways at hand to answer your call. We
know the result of the investigation, hence
U;.ake your ordering easy. Prompt deliv-
ery of perfect work only. 2Co saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Straat
Telephone — South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.'
California
Limited...
The greatest train across the conti-
nent High speed combined with
high-class accommodations have made
it the most popular with travelers.
From Saa Francisco, daily, 9 A. M.
Ticket Office— 641 Market Street
and
WOMEN
'^/\X<i3\ /<^i^f i '*P^Z. Cm obtain ren«w-
*C^»5«W^t l !'«aKr* •* »ti*n«th *nd
/\f*SsSB£5xtB£g3fcr*\ vieor by the o«» of
' v5^!^^*Sv "^ r- Plerce>> i Ut "
'S>fFXf\\^* ♦•ILEOTBICBELT"
cad Appuanee*. Drujrs do not cure. Klec-
/ThousaoAa euredl ■.
CrCe.U at offlc* or send a zo wapw
D.V "Booklet No. Z." A&&rf B PlEfeCH
KLECTRIC CO... 20i Port rt.. San JVan-
duco. £a»tero ©face— tttt Broadway. N«w
Tork.
INSPECTOR ASKS
HIM TO RETIRE
Postmaster Withrow of
Santa Clara Quits
Office.
Young Lady Serving as Dep
uty Takes Charge in
His Stead.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CLARA, Dec. 16.— Santa Clara
was thrown into excitement this after
noon by the removal from office of Post
master A. A. Withrow by United States
Inspector McCardly of San Francisco. An
examination by that official into the af
fairs of the oflice to-day disclosed a num
ber of irregularities and he at once noti
fied Withrow*s bondsmen— H. A. Alder
man, George Norwood, George Roth, Al
bert Harris, A. R. Woodhams, Captain
Morrison and Charles Jackson. They held
a meeting immediately and withdrew
from Withrow' s bonds.
It is not believed there is a defalcation,
but the exact cause of removal has not
yet been made ■ public. Miss Llllie Bill
ings, deputy postmaster, was placed in
charge of the office by the inspector and
the former sureties of Withrow went on
her bond.
Withrow said to-night that he placed
his resignation in the hands of the In
spector because of his age. Being up
ward of 70, the duties of the oflice were
more than he could attend to. His term
of office would have expired next April.
Withrow is one of the most prominent
citizens of Santa Clara. He has been a
resident of the town for a half century.
In the civil war he was a member of the
famous "California Hundred."
APPEAL TO CONGRESS
FOB GRACIOUS SUPPORT
Lewis and Clark Exposition Commis
sioners Ask for Aid for Fort
land Celebration.
PORTLAND, Ore., Dec. 16.— The Lewis
and Clark Exposition Commissioners,
representing five Northwestern States,
Lave issued a statement outlining the
plans for the centennial celebration to be
held in this city In 1905 to commemorate
the discoveries made by Lewis and Clark
in their exploration of the Louisiana pur
chase. After reviewing the benefits that
would accrue to Northwestern States
from an exposition such as it is pro
posed to arrange, the address gives the
following preamble and resolutions as
adopted by the commissioners:
Whereas, The exploration of the Northwest
Territory by Lewis and Clark in the years
1804, 1805 and 1S06 was one of the most im
portant events In tho history of 'our country,
since It led to the extension of the sovereignty
of the United States to the Pacific, save the
nation the Orejron country, now the seat of
many States, and paved the way to the acquis
ition of California and Alaska, therefore, it Is
the senss of the respective commissioners of
the various States here represented that this
important and memorable exploration should
be properly celebrated in 1905 as the Lewis and
Clark centennial, and be it
Resolved, In order to give proper signifi
cance to this great national event, that the
Government of the United States be asked to
make such adequate appropriation for a proper
building and for the display of the products of
our newly acquired possessions as will show
to the world their condition and prospective
future progress; further be it
Resolved. That the Senators and Represen
tatives of the States along 1 ths route traversed
and explored when a wilderness by Lewis and
Clark be and hereby are requested to use all
honorable means to secure such generous ap
propriation from the general Government as
will testify our appreciation of the foresight
of President Jefferson and of the heroic devo
tion of these pioneer explorers and the im
portance of their achievement.
Christmas Toilet Articles.
Dress Suit Cases, Manicure Sets. Trav
eling Rolls, Single and Triplicate Mirrors,
Comb and Brush Sets,' Military Hair
Brushes, Collar and Cuff Boxes. These
are not extravagant articles, but very
pretty and just as good for style and
service as money can buy, though mod
erate in price. Call and see them whether
you wish to purchase or not Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. ♦
WOTJTJ) CHECK SLAUGHTER
OF DEEE IN AT.AfitTA
TACOMA, Dec. 16.— George Simmons, a
San Francisco fur dealer»who visits Alas
ka every season. Is heading a movement
having for its object the protection of the
deer of Alaska from butchery by hunters,
who take only the skins, leaving the car
casses to decay. Simmons declares that
if this continues deer will become very
scarce throughout the more settled por
tions of Alaska. He wants Congress to
pass a law prohibiting the exportation of
deerskins from the Territory. At some
seasons deer hides sell for only 30 cents
each, but even at that price the Indians
slaughter the animals in great numbers.
While Simmons was at Wrangel recently
two Indians came in with 400 skins of
deer which they had killed in less than a
month.
Simmons has interested Congressman
Kahn of California and Congressman Sul
zer of New York In the proposed law and
on his recent trip obtained a letter from
Governor Brady, indorsing his plan. Thii
letter will be forwarded to Congressman
Kahn. With this start, it is believed
there will be little difSculty in getting
the desired measure through - Congress.
"Without such a law prospectors will not
long be able to depend upon deer meat as
one of their means of sustenance.
Kohler & Chase Save You Money.
i&PECIALS
The busy Christmas shopping week is here and you must now decide
what will make your friends happiest on Christmas Eve. Below . we
quote a few specials which will please the musically. inclined, for they,
are of good quality and fully guaranteed. , ,
Mandolins $2. 75
Guitars.... 3.60
Banjos.. 4.75
Music Rolls (formerly $2.00)... 1.25
Talking Machines.. . . . .... . . . . . . 10.00
Music Boxes (small) .... ... .60
We have other specials selected from our immense wholesale stock
which It will pay you to Investigate.
Be sura to ask ior our pretty Christmas Souvenir.
OPEN EVENINCS.
K.NABB AGENCY,
' Headquarters: 26, 28, 30 O'Farreil Street, S. F.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1901.
FASHIONABLE PEOPLE OF THE CITY
WITNESS PRESTON-AMES WEDDING
Prominent Young Couple. Are Pronounced Husband and Wife by the Right
v Rev. William Ford Nichols at Grace Episcopal Church, Which Is Filled
. to the Doors With Society Devotees— Wedding- Supper at Palace Hotel
MISS NORMA PRESTON, and
Worthington Ames were pro
nounced husband and wife yes
terday afternoon at, Grace
Episcopal Church. The wedding
was beautiful and impressive. The cere
mony was performed by the Right -Rev.
William Ford Nichols, assisted by Rev. R.
C. Foute. Nearly five hundred invitations
had been Issued and the church was pack
ed to the doors. Society was well repre
sented, nearly all the best-known people
being present.
The women were elaborately gowned,
and their beautiful toilets added much,
brilliancy to the scene.
The altar was decorated with bride
roses and Bermuda lilies.
The ''Lohengrin Bridal Chorus" was
beautifully rendered at 3 o'clock and the
procession moved up the aisle. The ush
ers, who came first, were Willard Drown,
William Dencnan, Burbank Somers and
B. G. Lathrop. The bridesmaids, Miss
Edith Preston and Miss Bessie Ames, fol
lowed, gowned alike in white liberty satin,
with white tulle veils and carrying be
tween them a long bouquet of orange
blossoms, held together with many loops
of white tulle. Both gowns were cut a la
princess and en train. The sleeves were
of thin Chantilly lace, with large puffs of
tulle below the elbow. The yokes were
POPULAR SOCIETY BELLE AND YOUNG BUSINESS MAN OF THIS
CITY WHO WERE JOINED IN., WEDLOCK YESTERDAY AFTER
NOON AT GRACE EPISCOPAL CHURCH-BY BISHOP NICHOLS.
also transparent, being of tulle. The fine
lace outlined the. yoke and waist.
Mrs. Frank B. Cheatham, a recent
bride herself, acted as matron of lionor.
She wore a white liberty satin aria chif
fon, with point lace applique and satin
ribbon trimmings. It was a. very elabor
ate gown. The skirt was cut with deep
points outlined with many rows of satin
ribbon, forming a lattice work. Beneath
the points a full chiffon flounce was visi
ble. The bodice was heavily trimmed
with rows of ribbon and lace applique,
like the skirt. The thin yoke was of
chiffon tucked. The sleeves were a lat
tice work of ribbon with a large puff of
tucked chiffon inserted at the elbow. Mrs.
Cheatham's bouquet was of white nar
cissus and her hair ornament a simple
white tulle pompon.
The bride, as usual, walked behind her
matron of honor, wearing a rich gown
of heavy white duchess satin and rose
point lace. The skirt was cut en train
and had no trimming. The bodice had a
jabot of the lace in front and yoke of the
same. The veil was also of rare rose
point, held in place by a pearl and dia
mond pin, the gift of the groom. The
bride also wore a little spray of orange
blossoms in her hair. Her shower bou
quet was of lilies of the valley, the little
clusters being tied with white satin rib
bon bows to hold the .ring, the thimble
and other popular articles of superstition
that lend a charm to love..
Colonel and Mrs. B. F. Preston and Mr.
and Mrs. P. W. Ames, parents jot the
couple, were last in the procession; as the
groom and his best man, Mr. Leonard
Chenery, waited at the chancel rail.
Mrs. Preston's gown was of cream
white panne crepe and elegant Normandy
lace. The gown was trimmed with hori
zontal rows of white velvet ribbon, tiny
rosettes of spangled velvet and span
gled embroidered satin. Her hat was
black chiffon with bandeau of rose vel
vet. ■..'■.;.<■■ - • ,;" ;■ . ■-. • :■: , .-..-
Mrs. P. W. Ames wore gray satin and
white point lace. — , . •
After tho ceremony the two families and
a large number of their intimate friends
proceeded to the Palace Hotel, where an
elaborate wedding • supper was i served.
Small tables were arranged here and
there in the spacious parlors, with a large
round table for the bridal party in the
center. This table was especially artistic
in decoration. The centerpiece was bride
roses. The white and silver candelabra
were draped in white tulle, which held in
place the sprays, of orange blossoms.- ■•■*
Those seated at, the bride's table were:
Mr. and Mrs. Worthington Ames, Miss
Edith Preston, ' Miss Bessie Ames, Miss
Drown, 'Miss J Sperry, Miss McNutt, - Mrs
L.i>. .Owens,, Mr. and Mrs. B. G. Lathrop
Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Chenery, Willard
Drown, William Denman, Burbank Som
ers, Percy King, Edward Talbot, Colonel
and ' Mrs. Frank . B. Cheatham and 'Mr.
Hooper. , ../■.-
The parlors were decorated with giant
bamboo to the ceilings and large vases of
ferns. The mantels were banked In with
red berries. In one corner was a beautiful
floral gift from Mrs. William Tevis— a
basket nearly I four feet high of bride
roses. - . • .■..:„■
Mr. and Mrs. Ames will reside in their
new home at 1652 Broadway, this city.
Among the gifts from Mr. and Mrs. P. W.
Ames were several pieces of rare old ma
hogany furniture. E. F. Preston present
ed the young people with an oak chest of
silverware containing 200 pieces. There
was also a silver tea set from the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board, of
which Mr. Ames is a member. About fifty
pieces of cut glass were received, -besides
a quantity of silver, china and bric-a
brac. . ' '». w -I
The home ' of the happy couple is com
pletely furnished and will' be occupied by
them upon their return to this city. Mr.
and Mrs. Ames left last evening for Santa
Barbara, but will return in a few days to
see Mrs. Cheatham off for the East.
The rummage sale arranged by the la
dles' auxiliary of the Pacific Hospital
opened yesterday at 442 Sixth street and
proved a financial success. So. eager were
the residents of the vicinity to secure bar
gains that they crowded the store all day
and had to bo held in check by an ofll
cer. The -purchases were made in a
worthy cause. The funds derived from
the sale will be devoted to increasing the
number of free beds in the hospital,
which is situated at the corner of Stock
ton and Chestnut streets. The sale will
continue the rest of the week. The char
itable people of this city have been re
quested to donate articles for the sale.
All those wishing to do so will confer a
favor upon the ladles having the affair in
charge by notifying the matron of the
hospital, who will send for the articles.
Martin . Bakulich and Miss Emma
Spring were united in marriage on Satur
day at St. Mary's Cathedral. After .the
ceremony a sumptuous banquet was
served at the bride's residence, 618 Jones
street. Among those, present were: Mr.
and -Mrs. Virgil M. Bakulich, Mr. and
Mrs. M. Radovich, Mr. and Mrs. L. W.
Coffee, Miss Clara McBurdy, H. Musac,
the Misses Dregovich and a host ; of
friends. - ; <V>- \
Christmas ; Presents
Such as : Water Colors. Etchings, Photo
graphs, Statuary, Gold Clocks,. Candle
sticks, Candelabra, Cameras, Dress Suit
Cases, . Trunks, Valises, Pocket-books,
Fountain ,; Pens, Pictures and Frames.
Best values in every department. Visitors
always welcome.^ Sanborn. Vail; &" Co.,
741 Market street. . .. •
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 16.— The State officers
of I the Christian Endeavor | Union ■ have decided
to hold the State convention here the latter
part of next June.
GIRL IS FINED
FOR CURIOSITY
Must Pay for Tampering
With United States
TV/Toilo
XVJ. cUJLo.
Courtis Merciful to Fair Cul
prit From San Diego
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Deo. 16.— Sarah E* Fu-
Quay, a mountain girl, barely 18 years of
age, was fined $25 by United States Dis
trict Judge Wellborn to-day and allowed
to return to her home in Potrero, San
Diego County. She is the miss who,
while acting as assistant to her father,
who is Potrero' s postmaster, was detected
in the act of opening letters. She was in
dicted by the Grand Jury for this district
of the United States District Court.
There was no Intent on Miss Fuquay's
part to steal any. of the contents of the
letters. She was simply prompted by
curiosity to know what the boys in the
town of Potrero were writing to their
sweethearts and what the sweethearts
were writing to the boys.
Sarah was acquainted with the contents
of every letter that passed through the
Potrero postofflce and was intelligently in
formed as to all engagements, lovers'
quarrels and proposed social, functions,
finally she opened business letters and
it is said that she spoiled two, or three
business deals by telling what she had
read in those business letters.
Postoffice Inspector Hare, who was sent
from. San Francisco to investigate the
case, had no difficulty 'In tracing the
trouble to 'the girl.
MONTANA WRECK NOT
1 RESULT OF ACCIDENT
SPOKANE, Dec. 16.— It Is now believed
the fatal train -wreck near Essex. Mont..
yesterday was not due to accident, but to
crime. A telegram has been received from
H. W. Kennedy, assistant general super
intendent of the Great Northern, who has
visited the wreck. He wires:
"There is not the slightest doubt i that
No. 8 was deliberately wrecked by parties
unknown."
To Investigate Midway Shooting.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 16.— The Grand
Jury was drawn and sworn in the Supe
rior Court this morning. C. E. Greeley
■was chosen foreman. One of the cases
to be called to the attention of the jury
is that of the shooting at Midway some
time ago. between the men of the Mount
Diablo and the Superior Sunset Oil com
panies. At that time George Cornell and
J. T. Walker were • seriously wounded.
Detectives have been working on the case
ever since.
Statuary, Lamps and Screens.
We have a select line of moderate-priced
statuary, screens, lamps, onyx tables—ex
clusive designs and best values in the city.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Asphalt Plant Burned.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 16.— The re
fining plant of the Santa Barbara Liquid
Asphalt Company at Summerland was de
stroyed by fire early this morning. Just
after the engineer in charge had com
pleted his round testing the temperature
an explosion occurred and the entire
plant was immediately enveloped in
flames. The cause of the explosion is un
known. Fully a carload of- asphaltum
and distillate were consumed, and the loss
amounts to 510,000.
There are so many customers who wear
our $io made-to- order suits that we know
they will be interested in looking at our new-
line of cloths. They are woolens in
pleasing patterns and solid colors. Among the
patterns are some fashionable dark grays which
- are now so popular.
To those who have never worn our Jio
. made-to-measure suits we wish to say that al-
though the price is low the garments make good
business suits — they are fashionably cut, well
tailored, and pleasing in appearance.
For your protection we offer a three-fold
proposition. Should you not be pleased with
the suit we will alter it, make another at no cost
to you or refund your money. We take all the
risk — you don't.
Suppose you call and get some of our
'samples. .
Out-of-town orders filled satisfactorily through our
self-measuring- system— -write for samples*
718 Market Street and
Cop. Powell and Eddy Sts.
MORE LYNCHERS
TO BE INDITED
Grand Jury of Modoc
County Is Again in
Session.
Fresno Witnesses Testify in
' the Trial of James W.
Brown.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
ALTURAS. Dec 16.— For the seventh
time since the lynching of the Halls, Mar
tin and Yantla In Lookout last May the
grand Jury of Modoc County is in session.
Deputy Attorney General Post was before
the jury during the forenoon, and it is
said that several additional indictments
against alleged lynchers will be returned.
Rumor has it that Justice of the Peace
Myers who, according to one witness, was
seen testing rope In a Lookout store and
making hangman's loops in it. Is among
those slated for indictment. Owing to
Post being engaged in this direction there
was no session of the Superior Court this
forenoon. In the afternoon the defense
had an inning, being permitted to call
five witnesses from, Fresno, who were sub
penaed to testify to the good character of
the defendant. James W. Brown. Each.
regarded Brown as a man remarkable for
his lofty integrity and respect for the
law.
Frank Burley said that he met Brown
in Fresno in 1886. Brown, was then work-
Ing in Fresno and was well known there.
His general reputation was excellent and
the people in that community said of him
that he was an upright, honest man. Ha
had never heard of Brown being quarrel
some or in trouble and had always heard
him spoken of as a good citizen.
An objection to evidence regarding the
defendant's character since the lynching
was sustained and during the argument
by Baker, for the defense, the Jury was
sent from the courtroom.
W.itt Holm said that he had known
Brown continuously from 18S6 to 1803.
Brown's reputation for honesty and in
tegrity was good. When the witness first
knew Brown he brought a horse to Fresno
to sell and ' afterward he conducted, a
butcher shop. Every time the defendant
was spoken of in Fresno it was in the
highest terms as to his reputation.
C. A. Brown knew the defendant from
18S6 to 1893. He said that Brown was in
business with him for a time. Brown's
reputation was good. Al Steven, a. broth
er of C. A. Steven, said that he had known
the defendant and that his reputation was
of the best. T. W. Chapman gave similar
testimony.
Four other -witnesses at Grants Pass
have been subpenaed and -will probably
be here in a day or two.
INVESTIGATING- ATTEMPT
TO KILL AIX>LPH SYLVA
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 16.— Sheriff Taylor
went to Sausalito this afternoon to in
vestigate the attempted blowing up of
Adolph Sylva's house on Friday night.
The small pieces of metal found near the
place where the explosion occurred have
been identified as the fragments of an
electric battery. Small pieces of paper
and gunnysack were also found. It ap
pears that the battery and explosive -were
wrapped in paper and a sack at the time
the bomb was fired.
The affair is shrouded In mystery and
as yet the officers have been unable to
fasten the crime upon any one. Some are
inclined to the belief that it was only an
attempt to frighten Sylva and tlius get
him to change his attitude in local poli
tics.
34
NEW FIRE HOUSES
IN BOND ISSUE
Board of Public Works
to Figure Cost of Im
provements.
Bill Raising Boxing License
Is Defeated on Final
Passage.
The Board of Supervisors adopted a
resolution yesterday repealing a bill de
claring against incorporating in the pro
posed bond issue for municipal improve
ments the proposition recommended by
the Board of Fire Commissioners for the
construction of fourteen fire department
houses and also " the acquisition of live
additional sites. On recommendation of
the joint Judiciary and Utilities Commit
tee the Board of Public Works was di
rected to prepare necessary plans and es
timates ot cost for the proposed improve
ments.
. As a preliminary to submitting the
proposition of improving Twiu Peaks to
a vote of the people the Board of Public
Works was directed to appraise the cost
qf converting the tract into a public park.
. Tne attention of the Chief oi Police was
called to the violation of the oramance
providing tor the printing of diagrams of
vxits on theater programmes. . ■ •> •
•• The ordinance uxing tne license tax on
proiessionai athletic clubs giving boxing
exMDitions at ?30(W per annum was de
feated on rinal passage and the license le
mams at its present rigure of %WM.
' l>'Ancona opposed raising tne license as
he said there were other ways of restrict
ing the sport.
An oramance transferring from the
School Department a lot on Seventh ave
nue and California street to the trustees
of the public library for a site whereon
to erect a branch library was' passed to
prlnt.
The protest of the North Central Im
provement Association against Depart
ment 6 of the Superior Court holding
its sessions in the City Hall, as quarters
have been provided thereforin the Hall of
Justice, was referred to the Building Com
mittee.
The City Attorney was requested to
give his opinion as to whether the Board
of Supervisors" . • lias power to create a
board of examiners to examine applicants
for certificates to operate stationary or
portable fteam engines and boilers and
if so whether the power can be delegated
to the- Board of Public ; Work?. 'An or
dinance is under consideration providing
for the appointment of a board of ex
amining engineers. -
The Bay "View Land Company tendered
an eight-acre tract of land as a site for
a pesthouse for $$000.
The petition of the Holly Park and Mis
tion Street Improvement Club for extend
ing Folsom street to Cortland avenue
and providing for expending SiM.ikm by a
bond, issue for the purpose was referred
to the Street Committee.
The Board of Public Works was author
ized to expend $3500 to build and equip
nurses" quarters at the City and Countv
Hospital. . . * '
A resolution' was adopted requesting the
Market Street Railway Company to in
form the board why children attending
school on Saturdays have been discrim
inated against in the matter of 2V»-cent
fares for pupils. ■ 4 . ,'"
Pictures and Frames.
We have everything that is new in vood.
moderate priced pictures and frames suit
able for Christmas presents. Call and see
them at Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s, 741 Mar
ket street. . •
Eoston Murderer Is Executed.
BOSTON. Dec. 17.— Luigi StortI, the mur
derer of Michele Calucci In Boston. No
vember S, 1S99, was executed by electricity
at tbe State Prison in Charlestown at
12:29 o'clock this morning.
?.;. ■ ■ : • • " . , i ■ ' '. v :
J - - IN SUITABLE -,<■ - I
f FANCY EMBROIDERED AND BRAIDED j
WOOL WAISTS, former price $5 00, will QO Cfl i
}'. be placed on sale at 1 •• wZiwU \i
t FANCY EMBROIDERED AND BRAIDED j
I WOOL WAISTS, former price $6.00, will OQCfl ij
j'. - be placed on sale at .....; ... i
i} BLACK AND COLORED MERCERIZED j
y. WAISTS, former price $2.00, will be placed 01 OC 3
]I on sale at 01. Z3 i
j| "BLACK MERCERIZED WAISTS, former Aj rA ]
7' price $2.50, will be placed on sale at.'. .'..... wliuU 2
I BLACK AND COLORED FEATHER .
i. BOAS, former price $10.00, will be placed $ A A' A j
I on sale at. ........ I:...../..'. '.... OQ.UU \
I ICE WOOL SHAWLS, former price $1.25 and rA ft *
}'• $1.50, will be placed on sale at .. uUu *'
j|' ICE WOOL SHAWLS, former price $2.00 and' A| AA;*
X $2.50, will be placed on sale at .".. •
J LADIES' AND MISSES' MACKINTOSHES |:
' will be closed out at.. .".HALF PRICE *
I LADIES' HLACK AND COLORED GOLF (II AA :
X SKIRTS," value for $3.00, will be sold at 1 ...!.. Ol.uU :
I ladies; black and i
J TAILOR - MADE SUIT S, value for 0 j O, E. A 1
I $20.00. will be soldat . . . . ■. . '.'. '. . '.'I •. :. . :. ; O|Z'.UU' : :
I GREAT REDUCTIONS 1\ FUR CAPES. ' "A
'+ 2000 Yards BLACK SURAH -SERGE, value for M f| n :|
? 75c, will be sold at, per yard. ... A ........... Yf-yQ ; I
I GREAT REDUCTIONS IN FUR COLLARETrES.
X REDUCriONS IN LADIES' FANCY NECKWEAR. , f !
I An inspection wilKconvince Ladies that the above bar-' ;
X gains will be found 'b'&'t v ;;
I EXACTLY AS ADVERTISED. \
1 j. qSrIn! co.j
I 114(5 MARKET STREET.
T-i-W^l"I-i"'l"H : M- : H4-H-J-i~H- W- 44-HHH~i-«-H-'
CONDEMN WATER
OF LOBOS CREEK
Resolution Unanimously
Adopted by the
Supervisors.
Co3t of Single-Pipe-Line Prom
the Tuolumne to Be
Estimated.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted the resolution • condemning the
water of Point Lobos Creek as a menace
to public health and ordering the Spring
Valley Water Company to discontinue
supplying it to consumers.
D'Ancona in urging the adoption of the
resolution said. that the burden of proof
was on the Spring Valley Company to
show that the water had been purified by
effective nitration. , The Supervisor said
that if experts should find after an exam
ination extending over a period . of one
year that the water could be made hy
gienically pure in that time then the reso
lution could afterward be rescinded.
Reed exhibited a map prepared by the
City Engineer showing- that the drainage
area, of Lobos Creek was contaminated
by sewage and bacteria. M. H. Garoutte,
attorney for the water company, ex
plained that the water in the same drain
age area was being used by the Alms
house inmates. Garoutte asked that ac
tion be postponed until further analyses
could be made. Dr. D'Ancona argued that
the favorable "analysis made by Pro
fessor Hllgard was too superficial and not
long enough extended to make it of value.
Chief Engineer Schussler of the Spring
Valley Water Company notified the board
by letter that water would not be pumped
from Lobos Creek during this, and next
months, and petitioned that additional
analyses be made.
Sohussler asks that Professor Stillroan
of Stanford University make the chemical
analysis and Dr. Moffatt of this city the
bacteriological analysis.
The Board of Works and the City En
gineer were requested to furnish an esti
mate of the cost of the construction and
completion of a single pipe line, with a
capacity of 40,000,000 gallons of water per
day. having the Tuolumne River as a
source of supply. The estimate is to fol
low out the details of construction recom
mended In .the report of the City En
gineer on a water supply for San Fran
cisco. The City Engineer is also to con
sider the Dumbarton Land Company's
proposition to furnish water from the
Alameda artesian well belt as a subsidi
ary reservoir supply.
The Police ■ Commission notified the
board that the charter permits five cap
tains and ten lieutenants in the depart
ment, and that there are three, captains
and six lieutenants. The vacancies in the
ranks of captains will be lllled by the
Civil Service Commission, and the maxi
mum number of lieutenants allowed by
the charter will be employed when pro
vision is made by the Supervisors for
their payment. . - -*
A resolution was adopted directing the
Board of Works to require of- the eity
architect that he devote his time exclu
sively to the service of the city and coun
ty. The resolution recites that if the city
architect engages in private w.ork he may
grant himself permits to alter or erect
building?, which is held to be against pub
lic policy.
Copies of' the great Christmas edi
tion can bs obtained from all agenir,
newsdealers, newsboys and at tlis
Business Office of this paper.
Frost Does Little Damage.
r LOS ANGELES. Dec. 16.— Extremely
cold nights continue and frosts are pre
dicted for to-night. Further Investiga
tion, however, confirms first reports that
no serious damage resulted from the re*
cent frosts.
THE SAN FB ANGISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1901.
OFFICERS 0F KING SOLOMON'S LODGE
OF MASONS ARE PUBLICLY INSTALLED
Many Ladies Are Given an Opportunity to Witness Some of the Work of a
Blue Lodge During the Placing of the New/Officials Into the Stations.
A Beautiful Silver Service Is Presented to the. Retiring Master
FRANKLIN HALL on Fillmore
street was very artistically deco
rated last night for the ' pub
lic installation of the officers
of King Solomon Lodge, Free
and Accepted Masons. The .highly .im-.
pressive "ceremony of obligating the of
ficers for the ensuing Masonic term, In
structing them in their respective duties
and conducting them to their stations
was witnessed by nearly COO persons, in
cluding many ladies, who were thus given
an Insight into some of the Masonic work.
George \V. Wittman, past master, was
the installing officer. He was assisted by
Fred B. Wood, marshal of ceremonies.
The officers who will, rule the lodge dur
ing the present term are:
Roland English Hartley, worshipful master;
William Parker .Fillmer. senior warden; George
William Lake, Junior warden; Benjamin-Frank
lin Jellison, treasurer: Harry Baehr, secretary;
Clarence Theodore Wendell, senior deacon:
Clarence Taylor Cleve, junior deacon: Samuel
Boyd Stevenson, marshal; George Mayberry
Davis and Ira Sedley Hobbs, stewards; George
Charles Dawson. tyler, and Alfred Augustus
Batkln, organist. ■
The ceremonial session was followed by
the presentation by George R. Fletcher on 1
behalf of the lodge of a silver table set
of knives, forks, spoons and ladles to
Samuel McKelyey, the retiring master,
the presentation speech being an eloquent .
review of the faithful manner in which
the recipient had served in the several of
fices in the lodge, including the one he
had just surrendered to his successor.
There was a grateful response and then
followed speeches appropriate to the. oc
casion by Frank H. Gould and Rabbi
Jacob Voorsanger and Rabbi Jacob Nieto,;
After the ceremony of installation the fol
lowing musical programme was rendered:
March, "'King Solomon' s,"orchestra; quartet,
"Rigoletto" (Verdi), King Solomon's Quartet;
selection. "Bohemian Girl" (Balfe), orchestra; '
tenor solo, "Pour Leaf . Clover" (Brownell),
Brother Clarence- T. Wendell; selection, "11
Trovatore" (Verdi), . orchestra; quartet, "The
Waltz" (Vogel). quartet. • ?
• Then followed the march to the ban- "
quet hall, where an excellent collation
was served. After that, dancing was in
order. ■ . •
During the session the following tele
gram was read:
Members of Kinsr Solomon's I-odere. San
Francisco: Accept my hearty congratulations
on installment of officers for the ensuing. year.. .
President Roosevelt sends congratulations to
Captain Wittman on his promotion to Chief of
Police, in which I heartily join.
. EUGENE F. LOUD.
Chief "Wittman says that while visiting
New York he was introduced to Roosevelt,
who was then a Police Commissioner.
•President Newhall of the local commis
sion met Roosevelt in New • York while
the last named was Governor. Roosevelt
asked Newhall particularly about Witt
man and said he believed the then captain
of police would some day become Chief.
SPLENDID GIFT
FOB THE PEOPLE
Mayor Phelkn Presents
Branch Library to
ttie City. .
Mayor James D.Phelan' formally pre
sented to the city last night the branch
library building which he has had erected
at the corner of Fourth, and Clara streets.
The presentation ceremony was appropri
ately short and stripped of all unneces
sary forms. It was held In the spacious
reading-room- of the library in the pres
ence of representatives- of the > Board of
Supervisors, the Board of Education, the
Board of Library Trustees, Mayor-elect
Schraitz and many other prominent citi
zens. In jfiving the handsome structure
to the city . the Mayor, made a short
speech, in which he described the pur
poses of the branch library'. The gift was
accepted on behalf of the city by Dr. Ed
ward R. Taylor, president of the Board of
Library Trustees. > .
Mayor Phelan said that the idea of mak
ing a gift to the city first occurred to him
two years ago about Christmas. time. He
was for a time puzzled as to what his
gift should be, but filially decided that a
library would be best appreciated and
would prove the most beneficial in .the
education of the public. ' H,e described the
growth of the public library and the part
which it had played in the advancement
of the people. ,"
In accepting the gift Dr. Taylor said
that it afforded him great pleasure as a
representative of the Library Trustees
and of the city in general to accept the
magnificent building from one who had
already given so much of his thought and
so much of his substance to San Fran
cisco. He said that he hoped that the
library would be taken as a model in the
construction of other libraries. He de
clared that Mayor Phelan's gift was justl-.
fled in the fact that" the ; people of that
section of the city had shown that ; they
appreciated Bood : literature. . ...
The ceremonv was concluded by a f ew
appropriate remarks from Mayor-elect
Schmitz, who said that he was proud both
as a public spirited citizen, and as Mayor
elect to be present at the presentation.
He said that education is the foundation
of all good government. .
Skins and Wood to Burn.
I We have . fitted up an exhibit of burnt
wood and' leather which all are 1 invited to
see. Wood and' skins -for burning and
pyrography-machine&i at very - moderate
prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market.-*
On Trial for -Bioting.
A jury was obtained in "Judge Fritz's
court' last> night to-try the-case-of John
Scoble, William Duggan, ■.William ■ Tate
and Ward Miller, who are charged.joint
ly with rioting during the Jate strike. The
taking of testimony will commence Thurs
day afternoon.- • ' < - _ . '■ '
Sportsmen's Footwear.
Men's and, vo men>s ,raount?rfn;bppta.and
shoes. - Built /for the.'wojki and tguaraii
teed. Skinner Co., 416 Market street. ■• '
THREE READING OFFICERS OF KING SOLOMON'S LODGE WHO
WERE INSTALLED WITH CEREMONIAL] POMP IN THE PRESENCE
OF MANY PEOPLE LAST EVENING IN FRANKLIN HALL.
EXCHANGE WILL
BUY MORE LAND
Votes for Purchase of
Old' Pacific Board
Site.
The Merchants' Exchange' directors
voted yesterday to purchase the old Pa
cific Stock Exchange property, with front
age upon Montgomery , and ' Leidesdorlf
streets, for. the agreed price of $150,000.
With the property of the old Merchants'
•Exchange upon California and Leidesdorlf
streets, previously. acquired, the added
property on Montgomery and Leidesdorff
streets will give three large frontages and
provide' for three entrances upon the three
streets named. ' .
This action finally takes out of exist-;
ence an institution which was. the scene
of much excitement in the; days of wild
mining.. Leidesdorff • street acquired ■ the
name- of "Pauper alley,". on account of
the number of . speculators that "went
broke" \ after trying their ..V. luck in the.
board. That was > the. theater of action
of the famous "mud hens,", women who
haunted the galleries whenever the board
was in session year in 'and year out.
After- the Pacific Stock Exchange had
gone into decadence as the result of the
decline of the Comstock' mines the- old
board room was little used for -a. time.
Then the rise of the California petroleum
excitement gave new life. The front of
the building was repainted and was brave
with the name of a new' petroleum ex
change. There, were ceremonies -at the
opening and speeches. But the great pro
ductivity of the Kern River district oil
wells and the low prices that resulted
from the:rush of all? the owners to mar
ket their oil at any price. they could get
destroyed- the. chance that. there would.be
many dividend paying companies for .. . a
time, until conditions could be readjusted.
Again. the exchange fell into disuse. Tbe
first time it .failed because of a scarcity
of .the product upon which its speculative
market, was .based;' the, second ' time ■ it
failed for. the opposite reason, because of
the plethora., • ,. •-..■■-: ■■■•,-. ■{. •.-.■
The Merchants* Exchange 'will erect a
fine building on the two large sites and
all the commercial bodies of the city and
kindred organizations will be invited to be
housed therein. ■ *3k£igfi£k3f:'.
Circuit, Court Holds Session.
The United States Circuit, Court, of .Ap
peals held a five-minute, session yesterday
and . transacted-^ some ■■ - business.
Nothing: was , done v in. the matter, of Hhe
Noyes contempt case and the. court ad
journed until next Monday: ..„. _
HOODLUMS ROB
INJURED WOMAN
Make, a Brutal Attack
Upon Mrs. Rose
Kilbotirn.
Frank Morrissey, Thomas * Crouch and
Martin J. Flynn, three young, men, ap
peared before Judge Mogan yesterday on
cbarges of robbery "and attempt to com
mit a criminal assault. They were in
structed and arraigned, and the cases con
tinued tilt nest Monday.
The complaining witness against them
is Mrs. Rose Kilbourn of Santa Rosa, at
present living with her husband at 221
O'Farrell street. They came from Santa
Rofa, where Kilbourn is a real estate
dealer, on a visit. Sunday evening Mrs.
Kilbourn made a callupon Mrs. Morris
sey, 251 Chenery street.
After leaving the car Mrs. Kilbourn lost
her way. m the darkness and fell into a
altcn, spraining her .wrist- and losing her
hat. ! When she ■ reached the . : Morrissey
home she told Mrs. Morrissey of her ex
perience, and later in the evening Frank
Morrissey, a son of Mrs.- Morrissey, and
Crouch,- who was present", offered to go
with her to find her hat. Not suspecting
any violence, she readily accompanied
them, and they were joined -by Flynn.
When they reached' ■ a barn owned by
Jeremiah Sullivari' on French street, off
the Mission road, the three men dragged
Mrs. Kilbourn into the barn, threw her
to the floor and "robbed her of her'dia
mond earrings; valued at $60; a diamond
ring, valued at $75, and her purse; con
taining $20 and some small change. Then
they attenuated to assault her and she
screamed for help. They threatened to
kill her, but she continued to scream an-1
the men left her in a semi-conscious con
dition. -; • i • " • : • .; -.!.•
After recovering her composure Mrs.
Kilbourn walked -out.' of 'the. barn and met
Policeman Wollweber,- to whom, she re
lated ;the story of the robbery.- She gave
an accurate description of the three rob
bers. Wollweber notified Sergeant Blank,
and the two. officers soon had" Morrissey
and Crouch under arrest. They ' were
found lr. bed at their homes and were
identified by .Mrs. KUbourn. Flynn was
arrested' a few hours later and was also
identified by .the lady.: She was "in court
yesterday morning' with her husband and
will • remain in . 'the city to prosecute' the
case. -The police give the three prisoners
a bad reputation. -■ •'. ■ .< r
Inyoluntary Insolvent.
San Francisco creditors of J.-W. Breed-
Ing of Anderson,- Shasta C6unty, tiled a
petition , yesterday in the United States
District. Court \to have him declared an
involuntary insolvent. * They allege that
Breeding owes'JlWO. " " ' .
STREET BRIDGE5
MAY BE ERECTED
Lane Says Charter Does
Not Forbid Special
Permits.
Chief of Police Will Arrest
Violators of the High
Fence Law.
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion yes
terday with the Board of Supervisors to
the effect that there Is nothing in the law
which prevents the Board of Supervisors
from granting a special permit to build
a bridge across a street. The opinion of
the City Attorney, which is Interesting
from the fact that it modifies the strict
limitation of the charter concerning pub
lic encroachments, follows: »
I do not take it to have been intended by the
charter that the city could not authorize the
use of an awning extending over the sidewalk
or of a bay-window cr cornice or a sign at
such height above the sidewalk as to be of no
possible hindrance t» public travel or impair
the use of the street as a public highway. A
permanent encroachment is not .to be permitted
by the Board of Public Works of any structure
upon the sidewalk. •
This does not certainly mean that the clt>
has no power to permit the use of a portion of
the space under the sidewalk (which in law is
city property when the fee is in the city) or
of a portion of the space in the unoccupied
and untraveled space above the sidewalk, or
course it is within the power of the Super
visors to regulate or prohibit such extensions
over the sidewalk, but that the charter denies
to the Supervisors any power to permit such a
limited use of the street or sidewalk is nowhere
expressed. .
It must also be understood that any such
use is but a license revocable at the pleasure of
the city, and no right to more than a tempo
rary use whatever arise under permits so
granted.
In conformity with the opinion the or
dinance granting the Chutes Company a
permit to construct a bridge over Tenth
avenue, between C and Fulton, streets,
was passed to print.
A resolution was adopted directing the
Chief of Police to cause the arrest of any
person violating the provisions of the or
dinance limiting the height of fences to
ten feet and to prosecute the cases to a
conclusion.
The resolution directing the Board of
Works to require all owners of houses,
sheds, buildings and obstructions of every
kind now upon Third and Berry streets to
remove the same from the roadway with
in sixty days was deferred one week. At
torney "W. F. Humphrey, representing the
South End Rowing Club, addressed the
board in opposition to the passage of the
resolution, claiming that the Harbor Com
missioners had given the club permission
to occupy its premises, which were said
to be an obstruction to the street.
The board passed to print an ordinance
changing the classification of a clerkship
to that of a deputyship in the Auditor's
office. Action was taken on recommenda
tion of the Mayor, who informed the
board that a legal point has beeh raised
as to the validity of certificates of re
demption of real estate purchased by the
State, which are now signed by a clerk
instead of a deputy. Auditor Wells ex
plained that it was only by special per
mission of the State Controller that the
redemption clerk has heretofore signed
the certificates.
CHILEANS AND JAPANESE
CL-OSE COMMEBCIAL DEAL
Consul Rey Returns From Orient and
Says Steamer Line Will Be
Established. .
A; Thompson Rey, an attache of the
Chilean consular service, arrived here
yesterday from. Japan, and is. at -the . OccI*
dental. His mission to Japan on behalf
of his j Government was to bring closer
commercial relations between the two
Governments. He feels greatly pleased
with the result of his work, and says that
he has a splendid -report to make on his
return home.- . ■'"''■': . .,
: He carried to Japan samples of the pro
ducts of Chile, which were greatly-ad
mired. While there he made arrangements
for the handling of nitrate by the Japa
nese Government.. It was also arranged
between Consul Rey and the president .of
the. Toyo Kisen Kaisha Steamship Com
pany for a steamer to be put on the run
between Chile and Japan *as~ffn experi
ment. - Should the ship's trip prove profit
able fite steamship company promised to
run three steamers a year between the
two countries.
HHEA GETTINGS SAYS SHE
LECTURED ON TEMPERANCE
Proponent of Kershow Will Says
She Talked on the Evil« of- :< ;?
Drink.
The Kershow will contest case will be
submitted in Department 0 of the
Superior Court to-day. Miss Rhea Get
tings, the proponent of the will, was on
the stand all day yesterday. When she
left the stand her attorneys announced
that they had no further testimony to
offer.
Miss Gettlngs testified yesterday that
when she was in Chicago Kershow wrote
to her and inclosed money and a ticket
to San Francisco in the letter. She came
out here, she said, and went to the Maison
Rlche, where the Yale man was living.
Miss Gettings also said that she "chas
tised" Kershow on several occasions for
drinking so much and threatened to leave
him unless he Quit. When asked what
she meant by "chastising him" she said
she gave him lectures on th© evils of in
temperance. . ' . .
Saloonkeeper Tricked.
N. Piers, proprietor- of the Alcazar bar,
secured a complaint from Judge Cabanlss
yesterday for the. arrest :.of W. O. Lehrke,
a young German, said to be of respecta
ble family, on the charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses. JLehrke called
upon Diers and raskedr for a small loan,
saying that he was in receipt of a weekly
allowance from his family in Germany of
$20 through the German Consul. Diers
gave him a. few. dollars. Sunday Diers
was called to the telephone and some one
said he was the . German Consul and it
would be safe .to advance Lehrke $10 at
any time. Lehrke called a few hours later
and Diers advanced him H6. Diers found
yesterday that the German Consul knows
nothing about Lehrke.
Soldier Convicted of Larceny,
Ross Cobb, a member of the Eighteenth
Cavalry! was convicted by Judge Conian
yesterday on -the. charge of petty larceny.
Friday night he- was f taken to the room
of Herman Domalski, 1210 Mission street,
to sleep off the effects of too much liquor.
He left next morning while Domalski was
asleep and took : with him two rings be
longing to < Domalski. He was arrested
Saturday night on Grant avenue -by Po
licemen D. Murphy> and Conner. He will
be sentenced to-day.
Pardee Pays His Debts.
When the cases .against S. C. Pardee,
ex-clubman; • charged-, with obtaining
money by false pretenses,' were called in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday Pardee's
attorney informed .the -Judge' that the
amounts of all the checks passed by the
defendant on business men had been paid
The Judge continued ; the cases until ten
day.
tho soap for fair,
white hands', bright
clear complexion,
soft, healthful skin. •
... .■,:.-. ,. w ..lSold *U over .ftenrprld.. _ i .:;. ..;:
SANTA FE ROAD
GETS FRANCHISE
Corporation Will Begin
Improvements in
the Potrero.
Board of Works Files Plans
to Beautify Van Ness
Avenue.
The ordinance granting the Santa Fa
Railway Company a right-of-way to oper
ate a steam railroad on Illinois street and
other streets in the Potrero was finally
pa3sed by the Board of Supervisors yes
terday. The franchise was granted for a
term of forty-four years by a unanimous
vote of the board. -'^
Grades were ordered ciTansod on "Ellrftt
eenth. Nineteenth, Twentieth, Iowa, In
diana. Minnesota, Mariposa and Ten
nessee streets and Pennsylvania atemie.
This will enable the Santa Fe Company
to excavate lands lor the purpose at
filling in China basin and constructing 1U
terminals.
Incidental to the propospd change of
grades in the Potrero the Santa Ke Rail
way Company was reamred to execute a
bond In the sum of $X0,0W and agree to
construct within two years and maintain
a safe way for foot passengers, alon;;
Nineteenth street, between Iow;i and Ten
nessee; also a foot bridge crossing above
all tracks on Indiana street.
The Board of :Public Works submitted
a plan with drawings for the improvement
of Van Ness avenue, between iJush and
Pine streets. The communication describ
ing the plan says:
The plan contemplates the setting apart of
a. central strip sixtee.i feet wide for trees.
shrubs and grass. At the end. arul in the cen
ter of each strip, are reserved spaces fcp satu
ary, monuments, etc.. as they shall be donateii
or provision made for thtsir erection. Those in
the center of each block should be hish. reach-
Ing above any growth of tree3. Those at each
end should be comparatively low. with a back
ground of trees and shrubbery. Strips five feet
wide are to be taken off the si(lewalk.-» on each
side, leaving them seventeen feet wide. Tha
cost of excavating; curbs and loam 'is estimated
at $19oS 23, trees, shrubs and jcrass not in
cluded. The pavement of the block la now
macadam, which is to be replaced under plans
previously approved, by asphalt or bituminoue
rock, on cobble "foundation. ,./
The ordinance flxirg the rate t0>^9
charged for street car fares at 3 etirtj
was Indefinitely postponed. The measure
was introduced for the purpose of- com
pelling the Market Street Railwav Com
pany to repave between its abandoned
tracks. Some discussion was had over
the report of the Utilities Committee that
the recommendation for indefinite., post
ponement was the result of the corpora
tion agreeing to repave the streets and
this portion of the report was eliminated
from the record.
The ordinance requiring: electric poles
to be painted and erected ten feet away
from any lamp post was passed to print.
MARION*. O., Dec. 10— James B. Colenian.
a railroad employe, was found in his bed to
day frozen to death.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHAT IS DEVELOPED
The most perfect development of
the nutrient elements of Rye
Whiskey is conceded by leading
chemists to be found in \; A
teid liunLcr
Jill Baltimore ' |
ESP ' » '
K^^rS^Vl recommended for
MKU\Bi general use as the
Most Perfect
Whiskey Made
B|^Swi§E^^ needs of women It
CHRISTY & W7SE COMMISSION* CO..
Inc.. 223-225 California St., San
Francisco, Cal. - \ <d
Telephone Main 873. Jr
Superior to Apiol, Tansy, Pennyroyal or Steel.
Sure Relief of : Pain and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex. ;
Apioline Capsules for Ciree jaonth8 cost %U
Jmrgist or I». O. Box 20S1, Xew York.
£ visit DR. JORDAN'S cheatJ
(BUSEOB Gi? AHATOByJ
1 £fr W T1 £ t-fS*** Anatomical Museum in tbe \
i l£?,M\ i> ? eaalistont " Coast. Est.J6.vMrs. G
f !l¥$ik DR * J0R DAU-DISEA3ES OF MEN 6
\ I VS§5yn _ Con "-u!t«'<>n tree »nd stsirjly priv»:~. \
91 flriXi] Il^ m T **'" on *«>- «* bvT-:r-r. A^
\ 5 if 11 ft r * ntxn CW«merery case undertaken. T
9f I !if? w rite for Bw>k. PIlLOSurnYaf A
\ 11 11 ■ M**BUM, MAILED F3EE. Uf
A (i I}, valuable booic for mrn) ,. Vy
y PiyOKPAyACOj.1051 ilark?tSt..S. HW
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
"SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
' Established 1831. Con-
sultation and private boos:
free at efflce or by taaJ;.
Cures: guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
BAN KRANCISCO. CA.U.
i* mm E te O la • Bon-polfonotis
-jirJKe ggjfteHKav*' Ja rsntedy for Gonorrhoea -
G-lmrt. Spermatorrhoea,
JSg&r CURES WhitM, n u n » t u r a 1 dia*
B£fSjf ialto t da?*. \i caarges, or any inflamir.a-
flrQJiV Gttinnwed u» u t.on, irritation cr ulcera-
E» 'flPwTtat toaugion. 4 on °' innconi mem-
«"»lTrtc£vj(!t3 ChevcalCh. fcraaca -
VSIfKamT'.o.Bgp or S f e s £ JftfKSS^.
jBWk V.B.A, >E2H by expreas, prepaid, for
O6f|8fe :a _-4^ia ll.Ca, or 3 bottlea, ♦S.TS.
> tB Circular sent oa request.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USElDAtyJANA BITTERS, THE
. Great Mexican Remedy; glvsa health an/ 1 .
ttrecgth.to aexual orgm*. Deputy 323 Marjjfc
1 ftl PP nnifl I Corner Fourtn ana
■ ALL UllVnl " "Market. S. F. Try
llfP K 1 1 I 11 I <W Special Brew.
uni L flu In I suam and *+**•
Wl " L JIWIIlL.Bc. Overcoats andDON GIRLS' GARB
AT CO-ED DANCE
Two Youths Invade an
Exclusive College
Function. §
Escape Feminine Wrath by
Leaping Through?
"Windows.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SEATTLE, Dec 16.— The dormitory >iris
at the university held an exclusive mask
ball on Saturday evening. During a cake
walk one of the girls chanced to glance
<i^m at the feet of the couple Just before
h<J, and in an Instant became satisfied
that the owners of those feet were not
girls. The pedal extremities were too
large, the soles of the shoes were too
thick and the actions of the dancers be
cpoke all too plainly the masculine. *
As the suspicious couple again circled
the hall and passed her at the lower end
ehe made a determined grab. Her femi
nine fingers closed around a wig. There
was a quick jerk and wig, false face and
£.11 came off with a clatter. As the wig
disappeared the short cropped head of a
boy came into view.
Hastily running down the long hallway,
the boys reached the front door. They
grasped the knob and gave a quick, strong
pull. It was locked. They turned to start
back along the hallway, when they came
face to face with a mob of femininity.
They stopped, of course. There was then
but one alternative and the boys took it.
"We've got to do it, old man," said one
of them.
Ducking his head and covering his face
with his arms, he gave one flying leap.
There was a crash, followed by the sound
of a heavy fall as boy, glass and window
sash disappeared Into the night. The first
crash was followed almost instantly by
another, as the second lad made a flying
leap through a window.
It was a desperate chance to take, but
the boys took it. As a consequence there
is much speculation among the girls as
to who the Intruders were. The girls all
vowed to keep it quiet, but they also
agreed to watch the hands and face of
every boy they knew to ascertain which
ores were cut by broken glass.
Racing Results at New- Orleans.
JfEW ORLEANS, Dec. 16.— Crescent City
results:
First race, selling*, e'.x and a half furlongs —
Red Fcx won. Alpaca second. Little Jack Hor
ner third. Time, 1:23.
Second race, six furlongrs, selling: — Caetlron
von, Mifcls second. Lingo third. Time, 1:15^i.
Third race, selllne. one mile and an eighth —
Major Mansir won, Dal Keith second, Pay the
Fiddler third. Tim«. 1:64.
Fourth race, handicap, seven furlongs —
Malay won, Andes second. Balm of Gilead
third. Time. 1:29%.
Fifth race, selling, one mile and an eighth —
Trebor won. Ben Chance second. Swordsman
third. Time. 1:57.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards — Al
bert Lee won. Banish second, Waterhouse
third. Time. 1:47%. -. ••-•-.
Jeffries Boxes at Salt Lake.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Dec. 16.— Champion
Jim Jeffries gave a four-round boxing ex
hibition with his brother Jack Jeffries be
fore the Salt Lake Athletic Club to-night.
Billv Delaney, Jeffries' manager, stated
to-night that after appearing at the
Young Corbett benefit in Denver, where
the heavyweight and featherweight cham
pions will spar together, he and Jeffries
will go to New York and endeavor to get
on a match at once with Fitzsimmons.
"All we want," he said, "is six weeks for
Jeffries to train In."
J San Francisco, .Tuesday, 17 l>ecemt>er, juut. • M
Rockers make j
I excellent presents j
Nearly one-half of one of our big floors is devoted to jj
the display of fancy Rockers alone. We can positively sat- |
isfy your taste, no matter in- what direction it may run. I
This store will be open every evening now until Christ- |
rj mas. And during the evening is a good time to look 1
jA around. The entire building is made comfortable by steam I
(j heat and brilliant by thousands of incandescent lights. Just £
I as welcome to look as to buy. |
\ Price $3.00. Golden oak rocker. Price $10.00. Golden oak rock- ■
with cobbler seat and uphol- er wlth j^^ seat> In const ruc- fl
stered »>ead rest, ex- u , t , s strons and graceful. g
ir^ntinei^lc^ma^U 8^ We also have it in weathered §
ceptionally desirable. oak. at the same price, *10.00. K
I Price $6.50. Golden oak rock- Price $6.50. Golden oak r*ock- I
er with nigh seat One of our er wUh cobb i e r seat, studded g
newest patterns which Is very „,«.», «„.,„,. naii« Thu ' ktti»I1 ■ m
pleasing in design and finisb.. wi , th , fancy 1 . nallB - TV 8 I
Also in T imitation mahogany at ' price is really eurprlslng when B
J6.50. ' you have seen the rocker. |
(Successors to Calilornta Furniture, Co.) I
957 to 977 MdrKct Street, Opp^ Golden Gate Avenus.
DAWSON MAIL
SINKS IN LAKE
Carrier and His Team
Go Through the Ice
on Le Barge.
Several Water-Soaked Sacks
.Are Recovered^ but the
' Balance Are Lost.
Special Dispatch. to The Call.
B. C. Dec. 16.-Northern
malls which arrived this morning by the
steamer Cottage City were much reduced
from the amount that left Daw son for
the outside, and what few sacks did come
were in a dilapidated condition. While
they were being brought across Lake Le
Barge In a sleigh, with a double team of
horses attached, the newly frozen ice
broke through. The entire consignment
was soaked with , water and nearly half
of the sacks were lost. The horses were
drowned and the driver nearly lost his
life. He went ashore and obtained help,
and one by one several of the mall sacks
were fished out.
The Christmas mail was coming-out and
a good portion of it is now at the bottom
of the lake. When the Cottage City re
ceived them the water soaked sacks were
a solid cake of ice.
Only a \ few passengers came " over the
ice from Dawson and they found the go
ing very rough.
Two Juneau men will travel 2000 miles
each with dog teams this winter carrying
the United States mails between Katmal
and St. Michael. They are Chauncey D.
Shaw, who has resigned as associate ed
itor of the Juneau Mining Record to un
dertake this dangerous work, and John
Carter, an experienced frontiersman. Car
ter left here some time ago for St. Mi
chael, with the expectation of starting
from there for Katmal about D2cembar 10.
Shaw left Juneau ten days ago for Val
des, 'whence he will take dogs and sleds
aboard the steamer Discovery for Kat
mal. It will take him twenty-eight days
to reach St Michael. From Katmai he
will be accompanied by native Indian
guides. They expect to reach St. Michael
early in January.
Each carrier will make one round trip
and. then return to the other end of the
route, thus giving -him three trips each
way— one each in December, January and
February.
MISS IVES A -WINNER
ON PRESIDIO LINKS
Captures Trophy Offered by Direct
ors of San Francisco Golf Club
for Driving Contest..
On account of the rapid approach of
Christmas not many ladles are to be seen
on the Presidio links. The driving com
petition for lady members of the San
Francisco Golf Club yesterday morning
attracted only . four entries, though a
handsome cup was offered by the direct
ors for the winner. Each contestant drove
four balls from the teeing ground toward
the bunker, the total distance of the four
drives being added together. Miss Flor
ence Ives won with a total of 404 yards,
Mrs. B, Gilman Brown being second with
a total of 403 yards. Miss Edith McBean
and Mrs. Laurance T. Scott also com
peted. A strong north wind interfered
considerably with the driving, the' strokes
being made right in the teeth of it.
The ladles will hold no more competi
tions during the present year, but early
in the new year a contest for the Coun
cil's cup for ladies will take place.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 17,- 1901.
WATERCURE SCORES AT SCANT ODDS,
BEATING VESUVIAN AND THE PRIDE
rv ' .nil if* in f% ii " i • " ' f\ i xl L iL
Ring at Oakland Partially Recoups Its Losses of Last Saturday Through the
v:| Victories of Several Outsiders----Jpsie G Qowris Botany in a Furious
Drive-El Oriente, a 25 to I Shot, Finishes in Front of Old Wyoming
/ f^s. WNER GREEN MORRIS' cham
fi \| plon, Watercure, picked up a llt
il II tie more easy money at Oakland
yesterday. • It met Vesuvian
'■ and The Pride on nearly equal
terms at' six and one-half furlongs
and it was scarcely a good workout for
the Watercress gelding. Winnie O'Connor
had the mount and for two-thirds of the
journey Mounce and Johnny Woods had
him in a pocket. Not the least bit per
turt>ed Winnie gradually took the favorite
up below the eighth pole and slid along on
the outside without ever tickling the riljs
of Watercure with his heels, Vesuvian dis
playing a keen turn of speed, v
With two exceptions the results of the
different races proved ' "eagle-birds" for
the ring, which no doubt recouped its
losses of Saturday last. Mont . Eagle,
Josie G, Plohn and finally Kl Oriente, a
25 to 1 shot, were the four bonbons popped
•with saddening effect on the talent.
It has all along been' * conceded that
Josie G was a spanking good filly, but
yesterday it was scarcely thought she
could lower the colors tt Botany, Then
again Howson, who rides her, is not such
a polished horseman as some of the
otl?er boys. For this reason Botany, pilot
ed by Bullman, closed favorite at 9 to 5,
while 7 to 2 could be had in profusion
about Josie G. Glendenning, the stanch
second choice, -went out to make the pace
at the start, trailed by ' the favorite.
Turning into the stretch Howson saved
ground with Josie G and soon had Bull
man hustling Botany along, Glendenning
having fallen back beaten. Finishing on
the rail Josie G seemed fittest and stowed
the favorite away by a*heck. The Futuri
ty course was covered in 1:10, an excellent
run. ■: ■■^: ,..-.• .. . •■■.■: v r
Owen Mounce came very near taking
matters too easy with Frank Bell in the
introductory five and a half furlong dash.
The son of. Big Henry closed, a 1 to 4
chance, and at the finish had to be ridden
out to get the decision from The Miller
by a head. Ransch took the show with
Pompino.' ...
Big things were expected of Harry Sto
ver's Free Lance in the mile and a ! six
teenth selling affair, simply because he
was meeting a very cheap batch of plat
ers. The chestnut horse closed favorite,
and ran unplaced. Mont Eagle, a 12 to 1
shot, ridden by Ransch, made all the run
ning and in a drive downed Ulm a neck.
Mounce made a late move with the latter,
or he would have won.
Bullman seems able to get more speed
out of Plohn than any of the other riders.
P. Ryan's entry went to the post a 9 to 1
chance for the seven-furlong -number and
in a drive overtook and downed Duckoy
half a length. Lee Jackson, on the fa
vorite Native, tried to run through a gas
pine and climb one or two kopjes in the
stretch, and getting repulsed in all three
attempts, finished. third.
El Oriente from the Baldwin stable, and
20 and 25 to 1 in the betting, made a run
away race of the final mile and a six
teenth run. Jackson, on Wyoming, the
favorite, did manage to beat Merops for
the place. -Vv?
Track Notes.
Among the big winners in the ring was
George Rose, whose sheets showed; a
clean-up of over $4500. t
Roscoe Troxler, an extremely clever boy
In the saddle, will arrive at Oakland next
Friday. He comes under engagement to
"W. W. Elliott, owner of Hilee and other
horses.
Joseph Flynn received word from Texas
yesterday that his brother Willie died
last week at St. Joseph's Infirmary, Hous
ton, of pneumonia. The deceased Jockey
had been riding over the Texas circuit
the past season, but was well known in
this State, at one time promising to de
velop into a star
When Lee Jackson first showed at Oak
land he rode two or three very creditable
races. However, with one or two more
exhibitions like those on Native and Wy
oming, - these ■' former efforts will be put
down as jokes, and Lee willbe relegated
to the stable boy class.
The first hurdle race of the season will
be given at the track over the bay this
afternooh. Good things will ripen faster
now than strawberries in July. ;
Dick Dwyer handled the starting gate
at Oakland- yesterday, Jake Holtman re
tiring for a couple of weeks. . ■»!
Frank Phillips, the well known turfman,
is confined to his home ; with a slight at
tack of illness.
The entries for this afternoon's events
are as follows : .
First race — Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and upward. . -, -
2050 Torsina ......114 2840 McNamara ..111
2962 B. F. Mason.. 114 2975 Fridolin 100
2J)44 First Shot.... 114 '2985 Lost Girl 114
2975 Censor ..112 2908 Alfred C . 117
2960 El Key ..109 2823 Miss Vera....ll4
2368 Pat M'rrlssey.lU 2968 Mid. Chlmes.114
Second race — One mile; selling; three-year
olds and upward. ' ■
2977 Goldone ......108 (2971)Be<ieck 107
2971 Orleans .. 96 2971 JinrHale OS
2957 Miss Mae Day 105 2358 Limelight ....100
20SO Capt. Galnes..lOS
MISSING COUPLE
ARE HEARD FROM
Los Angeles/ Now the
Home/of Bakersfield
£31opers.
Special Dispatch to The . Call.
WOODLAND, Dec. 16.— Relatives of Miss
Belle Kline, the Bakersfleld girl who, r in
company with William. Martin,- disap- .
peared from that, city, on November. 22,
need have no further misgivings as -.to
her safety. Both of the young persons
are still alive. They are now husband and
wife and are living in Los Angeles. • ■
■ it - was announced here recently that
Benjamin A. Martin, a brother of the
missing man, had received a letter from
the latter, announcing his marriage to
Miss Kline, and this publication ; quieted
the fears of the young lady's parents.' But
it was announced from the KernCbunty
Sheriff's office on Saturday that a' letter
had been received from. Benjamin '• A.
Martin asking for information regarding
the whereabouts of his brother, 1 this indi
cating that the Woodland man. had not
received the reported- news from. Los An-'
geles. To-day. Benjamin A. Martin ex
plained this and declared that .there need
be no further fear , that the missing
Bakersfield couple ' were'- not . among the
•living. He said the letter he. wrote- to
the Kern • Sheriff -asking for- information
was mailed before -he had heard from. his
brother. The missive from Los Angeles
came as was reported and conveyed the
information . that i William Martin - and
Miss Kline ' had -, married ■ after leaving
Bakersfield and were living in Los > An
geles. • ■•-.■..;- • .. . .
The- elopers gave no reason for their
strange move, and. as .there was no, op
position to their wedding, on the part of
relatives, their conduct Is inexplicable.
For weeks the Kern County authorities
have conducted a diligent search . for
them, and the- fear : that they, were not
among the living has been constantly
growing.
Playing Cards and Poker Chips.
: Playing Cards. Poker Chip Sets, -> Crib
Boards, ,Game Counters, Tally. Cards,
Card Cases and, every requisite that be
longs to the game, many gf which are
good presents for Christmas, at Sanborn,'
Vail & Co.'s. 741- Market street. . , •
Bread Riot in Vienna.-
VIENNA, Dec. ' 16.-About • 800 Arsons
out of employment and demanding bread
began a riot here to-day. ; They were dis
persed by the police.' Sixteen of the "riot
ers were injured. •.--, J .
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKIiAin> BACETRACK— Monday, Dec. 16.— Weather fine. Track f t *^_ xj^
2986. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
-,-,.-> i .. .. r~~> ~~ r ; : ~j~ ~ ~~ ~ i Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St %. . %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
2978* Frank Bell. 5.... 112 1,11 1~2^ .1 2 1 h; J. "W. O'Neall & Co.Srfnce 2-5 1-4
(2909) The Miller. B.....107 4 3 2 3 2 31 2 4- G. P. McNeil... A. Kelly . 10 1
2972 Pompino. B....... 107 T. 2 n 2 2 2 % 3 5 S.: Judge. ...Ransch .6 8
295J Captivate, 3...... 102 6 6 4 6 1 4 1. 4 4 P.Hildreth Jackson 60 50
2258 Edgardo. 4..... ..107 B 6 h 4 2 5 2 5 10 W.- McCreery. ....O'Neil 10 , 60
2702 Luca 3.. ...102 3 41 6 2 62 0 2 Wofford & Co.Waterbury 100 -200
Mary Nance, a. . .112 2 7 6 7 5 7 8 7 10 ' J. N. Abbott & Co.Hafley . 100 100
2754i Ry del S Juan, 5.110 8 8 40 8 30 8 80 . 8 25 M. Forster Romero «0 150
.... Jack Chaafe. 3. ..106 9 9 9 9 9 T. Thompson Tullett 100 200
Time— 3~16~i8%; #,- :24%; %. :48%; 5V4f, 1:07%. Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner, J. W. O'Neall & Co.'s. b. ' g.. by Big Henry-Flora Leach. Bell has participated
• in many hard, races of late and needs freshening up. The Miller was not very dusty to-.
day. .■ Pompino did his best. ' Captivate can win In cheaper company. Edgardo will im- v
I^ov^^chaate_notba^lerj^
2987. J SECOND RACE— One mile and a slxtenth; Belling; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
= ■:•.•• . ....... T~~~- T~~" : ' '■■ : . . • . ~~ ', Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. hi. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
2969" Mont Eagje, 4....105 : 2 1^2 1 1 1 4 In: C. P. . Fink. : . . . . -Ransch 10
2675 Ulm 5. ........ ..109 8 9 .842123. Holcomb & Smith.. Mnce 12 20
2694 El Mldo. 5 ..107 3 0%>6h 41 36 J.S. Campbell.. O'Connr .2 3.
2960 Canejo, 4....:....105 7 514^3% 4 2 Owen Bros. Hoar 4 9-2
2960 Free Lance, a.... 110 5.; 3 h 8 % 5 1 5 1 W. H. Ketchmn.J. Wods 2 7-5
2915 Talma, 4 .....105 1 .2 3 2 1 62 6 2 P. McAu.liffe Jackson 30. 40
.... M. L. Rthch'd. 3.103 -9- 8 1 ,9 8 2 7 1 J. M. Crane McGinn oO 100
(2973) Whaleback. 5.. ...105 4. 7 1 7 h 9 8 1 Frank Devin Ransom 12 *»
2426 Fondo. 3. ..100 6 - 4 n 5^a 719 P. Gullfoyle.L.. A. Jckan 10
lime— Y* :25V4; W, :'49^; %. 1:15%; mile, 1:42; ll-16m, 1:48*4. Good starts Won first
. three 'driving. .Winner,\C. P. Flnk'e b. g. by Bassetlaw-Lulu. Eagle'well riden. Mounce
on Ulm made his move too late or he might have won. El Mldo pocketed from far turn
;. to stretch, closed '.very -strong.' Canejo outfooted. Free Lance has bad underpinning.
Talma some early speed. . ,'r Scratched — Mrs. Brunell 96. -.".-.
20S8. THIRD RACE — Futurity course; two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
~~ ,. . . . - ■ . — ..... * . . i ~. I " " ' Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. ,%. %• Str. |Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2984 Josie G.....V.;V..U5 S'i 3 % , 3 1 2 1 . 1 n J. S. Gibson. ... .Howson 3 7-2
(2922) Botany 115 1 2 1 22 1128 E. E. Edwards. Bullman 2> 9-5
2958 Flo Culver .110 4 5n 64 5 4 3 3 Stanfleld & Ellis. .Dugan 20 50
(2902) Rameses ........113 5 4 4 43 41 4.5 G. B. Morris.. .O'Connor 5 o
•....■ Royal Rogue.. ...115 7 « 62 5^64 5 8 J. C. Nealon . . . .C. Ross .60 100
2922 Glendenning .....115 213 1^3^65 Montana Stable.J Wods 2 ll-o
2956 I Discovery T...... Ill I 6 7 7 7 7 |\V. McCreery. J. McCartyl 200 200
Time— To Yt, :21; to' %, :46; last %, 1:00%; short %. 1:10. Good start. Won first three
driving.- Winner, J. S. Gibson's b. f. by Bloomsbury- Czarina. Howson on winner went
shortest way around, saving three or four lengths on etretch turn. If Bullman on Botany
had taken the Inside, he would have -won. Latter possibly a bit short at that. Glenden
■ nlng has gone back. ; Rogue- may win when properly placed. _ Scratched— -Rubus_ l_10-_
2989. i FOURTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $400.
: — ; ; ; ' : ~ / \ Betting. .
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %•' str - Fln - Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(2965) Watercure. 4. ....106 3 3 i ~~l 1 Vi G. B. Morris. ..O'Connor 1-2 2-5
(2657) Vesuvian, 4 109 12%2n22 23 Jennings & Co..Mounce 5-2 .-2
2401 [The Pride, 5 105| 2 1212 In 3 T. H. Ryan...J. Woods 5 !>
Time— 1-16. :07; %. :24%; %. -:49%; %. 1:13%; 6%f. 1:20%. Good start. Won galloping.
Second driving. Winner, G. B. Morris' ch. g. by Watercress-Lena's First. Winner was
pocketed two-thirds ofjoim][5y&ndthen8neezedin
2O5>O. FIFTH RACE — Seven • furlongs ; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to flr«t. $325.
- — : — ... i I ; ~~ : • -, ■ ■ .- .-. :_. .. .■ ■ \ I • ■ ■ Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. ,^4. .%. ' Stri * Fin.- Owner and Jockey. OpJ. Cl.
(2966) Plohn 4 ......... 112 6 3*h V 3 h 3 % .1 Y» P. . Ryan . . . . . . .. Bullman \ 9
<2936> Duckov 4 112 1 1 1 12 1 1 2 1 > G. B. , Morris. .O'Connor 6 9
HSi NaUve 4 .::" Il2 3 4 h 2 h 2 h 3 n > W.H.' Ketchemen.Ja<<kn 2 _ 2
2807 Oscar tolle. 3.. ..110 5 .'6 1 5 2 4 2/ 4 2 Baldwin & Co.. Ransom 6 7-2-.
(2960) Redwald 4 112 4 7 1 62 5 8 6 10 Jennings & Co. . .Mounce 4 18-5
■ Briarto 3 Ill 3 8 78 68 6 10 Ashley & Co.. McCarthy 40 60
"" Mlthrldates" 3 ' . :112 7 5 % ' 4 % 7 30 - 7 30 Burns & Watrhs. Spencer 60 100
2685 Ravino 3 • 112 2 2 % 8 8 8 W. D.Hayes... A. Kelly 60 300
2457 D? Be'rniys"a ..112 Left' J. Conway.....J. Woods 10 20
j»TO_O^£i^ntri^l!2 Left . ■ * C. Earl & Co...... Hoar 8 10
Time— X'. -13V,- Vt -23%; Vi. :4S%; %, 1:14; %, 1:27%. Bad start. Won first, three drlv
lne winner' P Ryan's br.g. by Strathmore-Kelp. Plohn shows improvement of late.
Duckoy did his best. Native could have won If permitted to squeeze through on rail.
Oscar Tolle wretchedly ridden. If allowed to goto the front he might have won. Mounce
on Redwald put up one of his drowsy rides. Belarlo a well-bred maiden that ought to do.
Scratched— Marion Lynch 112. ', ' ■"
Jai^Tr^sTxTirRACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selllng;'3-year-olds and up; to first, $325.*
— : — '- — — i TTj . -. - ■ _ ~ ~~ - ■• . ■ ■-■.;. ..- . -.- , • .. ~ I BetUng.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. M.. %. Str. Fin. ; Owner and Jockey. | Op. Cl.
(2892) El Oriente .3... .1001 2-1*4 1 3 In 11%. Baldwin & Co. V. Ransom -6 20
¥Zw Wvomlnt a IlltiaV 5 1 - 2 44 2 1 2 %- Brown & Co :.T. Jackson , 5-2 6-2
*966 S£Sp»*5 '.107 4 3 h i--3 n 3 1 .3 3 < F.l D. . Weir. .....7.Hoar • 3 C.
w?v qLn Venado 6 108 3 : 6 0 ' 6 8 4 3 -4 4 . S. McNaughton. . :O'Con 5 8
2R67 ISJrinel^C ■ 107 1 2 1 5n 5 1,54 M. Storn. . . : . .J. Woods ; 10 S
'2977 Rushfleids a ""l09 8 ■ 4 1 4 1 6 10 6 15 , CO. Ray. McGinn 7 9
oafifi Lodestar a ' ' ' 109 7 8 10 8 " 7 1 7 2 O'Keefe & Co.. A. Kelly 10 30
2S77 eSmw 4 " "lS 6 7 67 8 8- -8' Burns & Wat. .. Bullman 6 7
Sjggwell. aVf.-lllO 0 9 Pulled up " E. W. Purser.... Mounce 7 8
T^-.. i/ -24*1 • V, :49%: %. 1:15; m. 1:41V4M l-16m, 1:47%. Straggling start. Won first
three driving.' Winner? E J. Baldwin & Co.'s b. g. by San Venado-Orange Leaf. Winner
away sailing. ••■Wyoming slow to get away and too heavy headed for Jackson. San Venado
ran a nice race. Morlnel failed to make good, although played. Lodestar seems to be
' resting -up. Scratched— Darlene 96. Artllla 107. • i
Third race— Five and a half furlongs; selling:
two-year-olds.' • , . . ; •■ . . ■
2951 Dr. Scharff...ll8 2940 Huachuca ...118
2984 The Giver ...118 29S4 Rubus ..... ..115
2929 Rosewar 115 2873 Arigato 115
2970' Shell Mount.. 115 2963 Montoya . 11*
(2963) Jar. d'Or .:..115 (2956)E1 Bano 115
2984 Waterscratch 113 • ■ . ..
Fourth race — One and a quarter miles; purse;
over five hurdles; three-year-olds and/upward.
2928 Aurtffera ... .140 ,2975 Favorlto . . . ..13-t
29«9 Mazo ...140 (2fiO8) Odd Eyes 140
2889 Sam Green ...140 2883 Phil Archlbldl25
Fifth race — Seven furlongs: ■ handicap: all
a 296R Sir Lewis .:. 90 2!>a3 Rosormonde .100
2972 Byron Rose. . 04 2983 Varro 100
(2978)PrIncs Tltania02 » *
SOCIETY BACKS
GAMBLING GAME
Wheel of Fortune Will
Figure at Charity;
Ball.
Special * Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE,' Dec. 16.— Gambling: will be
a- feature of the annual charity ball to
occur in' the, parlors of- Hotel Spokane
on" Tuesday, night.: A big wheel of for
tune,' - borrowed from the notorious
Coeur d-Alene," the largest sporting-house
in -the> Northwest, ■ will be - operated by
four 'society women, under the direction
of "Dutch Jake," proprietor of the Coeur
d'Alene The wheel will pay on numbers
as" in . regular play. Cash, ; not prizes, will
be' paid, the house ; starting with a heavy
bank -roll. : .: • •. ■. - •■:"■■'•
As the wheel is what ia known as a
percentage game, there is no chance for
the house to lose. "Dutch Jake" will see
that, the wheel is .run "on the . square,'.'
and the spectacle. will be presented of the
most notorious sporting, character in
Spokane rubbing elbows with the leading
society women. The • innovation was de
cided, upon to-night and is causing much
comment. ' ■' ." *':■"'
''Dutch real name is Jacob
Goetz. ■• He is half ; owner and general
manager of< an institution which em
braces under one roof three 'bars, a va
riety theater, a gambling : hall, a" restau
rant,' ■ a • keno-room,- "a '-barber shop, a
Turkish bathhouse and private wine
rooms. ■ . ■ ' ■•;■:. • ■;
Woman Fatally Burned.
COLUSA, Dec. 16.— Mrs.}, J. Wilson, Jiv
ing.", near : Cooks Springs, .was burned to
death • ,'yesterday* morning. ' While .she
was standing ; before a large , fireplace her
, skirt : caught < fire. ' She . screamed for help
and ran . into • a ; bedroom,*, secured a blan
ket : and ■ wrapped it around herself. This
was soon* burned through, . and she ■ then
obtained another, one. ..Her .husband, who
was in'a-fleld; nearlthe.'house, heard, her
screams and ran ; to her assistance. . ; To
gether they extinguished, the fire., but 'not
until: the unfortunate woman was fright
fully burned. . She died before the doctor
arrived. : * "~ v ' . - ' ' '
Christmas Cards and Calendars.
"California , Poppy,'! : "California Wild
Flower," r -; "Indian," ' '.'Chinese," "Japan
ese" .' and • "Pipe Rack" ■ Calendars 1 ' and a
beautiful line of artistic Christmas Cards
at Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s, 741 Market st. ♦
•CAMDEN, .N:;J., Dec. 16.— United, States
Senator William • J.> Sewell - Is ; reported to-day
to be. very weak and In danger of a second re
lapse. *i»BBli?iffll JI'jjBg
Sixth race — One and an eighth miles; selling;
three-year-olds and upward. .
29«5 Graylette ....100 .... Sea Sony .-...100
2987 Free Lance... 114 29S0 Gold Baron.. .109
2985 Cora; Attornyll3 2982 Artllla . .109
2975 Tony LeppinglO:« 2060 Alicia .109
2935 Expedient ...111 (2975)Posltlon .....113
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Torslna, McNamara, Midnight
Chimes.^. • V *'".'':
. Second ■ race — Jim Hale, Bedeck, Goldone.
Third' race — Jarretlerro d'Or, Shell Mount,
Rose war.
.Fourth; race — Odd Eyes, Phil Archibald, Mazo.
Flfth'race — Rosormor.de, Byron Rose, Varro.
, Sixth race — Position, Artllla, Com. Attorney.
CHURCH MATTERS
IN PHILIPPINES
Archbishop Chapelle of
New Orleans Confers
"With President. .
WASHINGTON, D..C, Dec. 16.—Arch
bishop Chapelle of New Orleans had a
long talk with President Roosevelt to-day
about conditions In the Philippines rela
tive to ' Catholic church property. . The
Archbishop recently went to the Philip
pines and made a full investigation of the
subject.'; ', -
. Accompanying him to the White House
was Tomaso Lorento, a Filipino friar, who
Is acting as his secretary. The Archbishop
went - over the situation * at some length
with "the President, but declined to. say
anything for publication regarding his in
terview. -He will see Secretary Root to
morrow and will, then go to New Orleans.
He ; will return to Washington early in
January, when it is expected that some
definite conclusions as to the church prop
erty; will be reached. . .->•.''.•";:
Jackson and Dies de Bar Indicted.
LONDON, Dec. 16.— At; the Old Bailey
to-day. -the -^ jury returned a true bill
against. <Theodore Jackson and Laura
Jackson : (Ann O'Della Diss de Bar). The
Recorder in charging the grand jury com
mented • upon the, "horrible and blas
phemous character of the evidence."
,
Ceritenveri
VWill b© Korvored in
over ISO Atoro^*ir\
V tii ted Stales
;; Salesroom; 200 postst
NEVADA TO FACE
MICHIGAN TEAM
Football Oontest»for San
Francisco on Christ
mas Day.
Mountaineers "Will Attempt
to Defeat the Men
From the East
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. 16.—
According to . a ■ personal letter received
from Reno. -Nevada, by a Stanford stu
dent, a football game In San . Francisco
on Christmas day between the eleven
from the University of Michigan and the
Nevada State "University ' team is a cer
tainty..
Michigan had challenged Nevada to a
game on that day, and the sagebrush ag
gregation ■ seemed willing to meet them.
The challenge had not Deen accepted at
the time the letter was written, dut the
writer said it would be forthwith. The
is'evadans realize that they are going
against a hard proposition, but they nave
dune so before and acquitted themselves
creditably.
Nevada .has played' both' Stanford and
California this season, beirg defeated In
each game by. the score. of 12 to 0, after
a hard-fought struggle. Her principal
victory was over the Kellance eleven by
a score of 11 to 0. The sagebrush eleven
also defeated the University of Utah
team, scoring points to their oppo
nents' 2. . . :
Among the Nevada players, Riordan at
tackle has played a star game all through
the season, doing as tine work at his po
sition as -has been seen on the coast;
Hunter at center and and Gra
ham behind the line play straight, hard
'varsity ball. : ■
The personnel of the cardinal eleven,
as it will -line '.up .against Michigan in
Pasadena, will not be announced by Cap
tain Fisher until Thursday, the day be
fore the squad leaves for Southern Cali
fornia. One -thing is certain — there will
be several \changes to the llnerup as it
met California. . Traeger .and Hill are
both on the sick list and It seems improb
able that they, will be in shape to play
against the men from the Middle West.
Chester Naramore, varsity hurdler and
half-back on* last year's strong second
eleven team; will go south with the team
and will probably" appear behind the line.
Naramore has not been seen on the grid
iron before this season, owing to the fact
that his left arm was fractured by a fall
during a hurdle race in the intercollegiate
meet last spring. Alex McGllvray, '04,
is making' his initial appearance in the
field. . McGllvray is -a remarkably fast,
heady player and probably will appear at
end during the game. I
! Joseph de t orest, "Bate" Burnett and
Tom McFadden, former varsity players,
will not be in the line-up against Michi
gan. '-'[• .
Captain ; Fisher and twenty other foot
ball players are going through nightly
practice at tackling the "dummy," catch
ing the ball and running through signals.
The men are entering into the work with
the proper ! spirit and should be In good
condition to put up a hard game on New
Year's day. Strict' training rules are be
ing enforced and violation of them means
expulsion from the squad.
Ties World's Rifle Record.
STOCKTON.Dec. 16.— Charles Merrill of
the Stockton Rifle and Pistol Club tied
the world's record ; yesterday v at fifty
yards, offhand, 22-caliber rifle. He scored
15 points on the Columbian target, 10 be
ing the possible .score. H. Kroeckel also
made 15 recently, and his score Is the bet
ter under Creedmore rules, 1 * Merrill having
made a three. . . . ■■:• ; ' jj£
BEAUTIFUL
• .V^.y'v-"*--'^'''--'-- ;■'>'"'■■ "■
S. & Q.
ounp
CQ.
The Latest European
Importations In
Objets fl'Art, Etc.
113 Geary Street,
Larger and Handsomer
Assortment Than Ever.
OPEN EVENINCS AFTER
DECEMBER llth.
OCEAN TBAVEL
AaaqMaV * >M»A MVAtt, 55AHCW, At*
UCCflniCO.O.VU, ZEAIAMD »• SYDNEY.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney.-. .,: Thursday.: Dec 26. 10 a- m.
SS. AUSTRALIA; for Tahiti.
.■ ;............:.. Jan. 4, '02. 10 a." m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
..........'.'.Saturday. Jan. 4, '02, 2 p. m.
i. O.SP&CKELS k BROS, lit., niurai Aotnts. 327 Marine St
Gm'l Passenger Office, 643 Market St.. Pier lo. 7. Pacife St
03MPAONI3 GENERALS TRANSATLANTKUi!
UXKECT 1JNE -TO HAVRE-i*ARlS. _>^^
Eaillns every Thursday. Instead o£ .^S33»
Saturday, at 10 ». m.. from pier 41, ■ rUrKnli
North Kiver. loot" of Morton street.
- I''lr»t class to Havrj, 170 and upward. Second
clasK to Havre. 545 and upward. OKNERAU
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 : Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUQAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
TlcketK «olrt by all ■ Kallroat; Ticket Agents.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMEBS.
Steannn; GEN. FRISBIS or MONTICELLO
.-1:45 a. m.;'. 3:15 and S:30 p. m.. except , Sun-
day. . Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. . 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, * p. m.. «xc«pc
Bunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Far* 34
cents. Telephone Haln 15CS. Landing aad
of lice, pier . S. Mission -street dock. HATCH
■ iii'.OS.
WANTONLY SLAYS
YOUNG COMRADE
Edward Covey Murders
Henry Taylor in
. JOamptonville.
"Witness of Tragedy Falls in a
Fit of Apoplexy and
May Die.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE. Dec. 16.— Whisky tugged
at the trigger of a rifle in the hands of
Edward Covey in Camptonville this
afternoon, and as a result Henry Taylor
is dead and his slayer under arrest for
murder. The tragedy took place In a
saloon conducted by O. G. Mayo. Ac
cording to the reports received here there
was no excuse for the murder. Mid it
was simply the wanton act of a drunken
man.
A peculiar Incident in connection with
the affair is that Mayo, In whose place
the shooting took place, was so overcome
by excitement that he fell in a nt of
apoplexy and has not regained conscious
ness. It is believed he will not recover.
Camptonville Is a mining town forty
four miles northeastVof this city. Tay
lor was a well-known young man of the
town. Covey is about the same age as
his victim' and resides with his mother.
Both young men have borne excellent rep
utations, and the shooting has created
intense excitement. Covey's weapon was
a rifle of large caliber.
Sheriff Bevan and Coroner Hopkins
have left for Camptonville.
DETROIT, Dec. 16. — Two men were kllle*
and another was severely injured at Defray, a
suburb of Detroit, early to-day by a. Lak*
Shore passenger train.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| WaTTCB-
SMTHISFRONl^i
' " UPON RECEIPT OFi^_
3Le Roy Lrrt«: Giq/SS]
.Box Fronts^
, A Large or5mall,K
\THEY WILL BE REDEEMED AZ FOUSWSh
"*jnFftnb, A Handsome LealherJ
. £\M^ Cigar Casc.^ -
150 ' * AMerlin^Siiver Match Box;
|7R " An Elegant Amber_qgoir
Holder in Case. i
CO A' Uj • A Storlln^Silver Cigar
OUy . Leather SUde.^
7flft <r v A Sterling Sliver large Mm)
lUU Ojar Case, Leather-Slide, j
Not Reaponaiblo forFrcntsj
'loM in transit.
Send Fronts to
'-i. Sc SONS; - -
ff»3-135-l37 CRO4CY3T., - H.V., US JO
OCEAN TRAVEL.
- Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
V ' Steamers leav» Brosdw**
■V.i Wharf, San Frandsce>;
fSSafei, For Alaskan ports— U a. m..
Dee. 2. 7, 13. 17. 22. 27. J*a-J-
f^kjP^^Q Chance to company's steam-
iQ l L'»a^< ers at Seattle.
«#«^L^il For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
k**&F£*$A C), Port Townsend. Seattla.
i * /^SKSBH Tacoma. Everett anJ New
whatconf (Wash.)— 11 a. m..
Dec 1 7 It 17 M. W. Jan. 1. Chaiwo at Ss-
Tor Loa Angeles, calling »' Sf^-^iTaS
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harftwtf (Sa«
LouU Oblspo). Gavtota. Santa Barbara. V«-
tura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. !*»*•**«
and Newport-SUamer Corona. Saturdays. 9
*>w Ensenada. Ma«dalena Bay. |J» *°5*| 1
Cabo. Masatlan. Altata^ Ij* Pa^ 8 " t »J^f?w
Ua and Guaymas (Mex.)— W a. m.. TU» ot eaca
'"Fo^hirther information obtain tn» eompaays 1
rO Th e e r "company reserve. th« right to ehanej
steamers, sailing days and hours of aallinff
Montr,«Ty
•"GOODA^PEK^g * CO.. fl«u A««U.
10 Market st.. Ban Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
". .' . Only Stoaiuahlp XjIxx* ««»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to all
points Esst. Thronfth Tickets to atl
point-., all rail op steamship and fall, at
. XiOmTES^C 1 rE*..A."X*3BSS9.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BXSTHtad MI1L3.
SS. COLUMBIA Salls.'.rec. 14, 24, Jan. ». 13
SS. GEO. W. ELDER ,
;..„„. ,.Salls Dee. 19. 29. Jan. 8.»M
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Montg'y. g.F.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WH>Tj LEAVE WHAM', COR-
Der First and Brannan streets, at I p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (HIoro). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
coniectlng at Honekon* with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of salllns.
ss - R !?^ .^Sfertiy:ji-«K-«b:-i»o
ss - G . K0 . N . G T^d u av; j«ij^-ta5:-«w
SS. NIPPON .MaiyrFrt^'m-lflM
Ro"und-trlp tickets at reduced rat«a. Tor
freight and passage apply at companru office.
421 Marlcet stree^ corner^im.
AMERICAN LINE.
WtW TOES. 80OTHAMPT0JI. LOITOOIT. FUOB.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westboun*. \
From New York WMncsdays at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia . .Dec. 2rfst- Louis. . ..... Jan. 19
St Paul Jan. 1 Philadelphia ...Jan. 23
Zeeland Jan. 8ISt. Paul Jan. 29
RED STAR LINK.
M*W York and Antwerp,
■ From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
•Vaderland ....Dec. 25 Frlesland Jan. 1.1
Haver ford ...A Jan. 1 South wark ....Jan. 23
Zeeland ........Jan. 8 Vaderland Jan. 29
•Stooplns at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION tX>..
CHAS. D. TAT LOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery »t.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing frotn How-
ard 3. Pter 10. 12 m.
TUCAPEX. I>ec. 23ILOA .....'.i*
AREQUIPA Jan. 4IPERU -
These steamers are built expressly fur Cen-
tral and South American passenger service,
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECr.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. Hft: Meals Fiee.
5. S. Lcelanaw sails Monday. , tec. 23
6. S. Argyll I tails Thursday, dan. 23
«>. S. Lee'anaw «oiU Monday. Feb.
From Howard-street wharf at 3 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F". CONNOR. Pacific Coast J.*eat.
56
TUESDAY. .DECEMBER 17, 1901
JOHN D. .SPREGKELS. Proprietor.
litrttt AO CMDinvBletliOBt it W. S. LEASE. Ktnapr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. . . i . . . .Telephone Pre»» 204
PCBLICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market" and Third, 8. V.
. ■ Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. . . . .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered by Carriers, 13 Cents Per Week.
Slnsrle Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by .Moil, Including I'oslncei
DAILY CALL, {including Sunday), one year ...|«.00
DAILY CALL (including Sui-day)." 6 i-onths 3.00
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday), 3 months; 1.50
DAILY CALLr-By Single Month 65c
«CKDAT CALL. One -Tear 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year .1.00
All postmasters rtre nnthorized to receive
subscription*. : • .
Sample copies will be torwarded when requested.
itt.il subscribers In orderlr.e change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OiKLA.\D OFFICE. . . .1118 Broadway
C." GEORGE KROGXESS.
t'triger Xcrtign Advertising. JUr|cette Betiding, Chieajs.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 261&.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
•_'. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: -
STEPUE.V B. SMITH «O Tribune Bnlldlns
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria • Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS;
Bherman House; P. O. News Co.; Gre*t ■ Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel. •
WASHISCTOX (D. C.) OFFICE3 14OO G St.. N. W.
MORTON K. CRANE, Correspondent.
DRAKCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 8:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
9:30 o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261" Market,
earner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 109G Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 1C« Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-s*eand and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
S2OQ FUlmor*. open until » p. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
Central— "Muldoon's Picnic."
Alcazar — "The Gay Mr. Llghtfoot."
Colurnbla-"A Royal Rogue."
Grand Opera-house — "Diplomacy."
California— "Rip Van Winkle." * * -
Tivoll — "Little Red Riding Hood."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fifccher' % — Vaudevi He.
Central Park— Vasco Ball Game.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to- day.
IRRIGATION LAWS.
ONE of the most serious problems the Ameri
can people will have to solve in undertaking
to provide irrigation for the arid and semi
ana lands will be that of devising proper irrigation
laws and putting them into effect without doing in
jury to existing rights or involving thousands of set
tlers in vexatious and costly law suits. That fact is
•emphasized in the report of the Secretary of Agricul
ture, and it will have to be carefully considered in
devising any comprehensive and scientific scheme of
irrigation either by Congress or by State Legisla : .
The confusion of oui irrigation laws is due to the
fact that the Western States and Territories have
been settled by people from the East, who brought
with them the ideas which have prevailed among
Anglo-Saxons from time immemorial concerning
riparian lights. The old customs and laws were ex
cellently adapted to conditions which prevail in Great
Britain and in trie Eastern and Southern States,
where there is an abundance of streams and nearly
always ample rainfall at all seasons of the year. They
are utterly unfitted, however, for arid countries and
their application here and in the West generally has
been hurtful.
Defective as the irrigation laws are in many ways,
and injurious as they arc in almost every way, large
vested interests have been acquired under them and
'they cannot be lightly set aside. In his report the
Secretary of Agricultuie says: "It must be borne in
mind that we are not at the beginning of irrigation
development. Over $200,000,000 of private capital
has already been invested in'the construction of irri
gation works. The rights to streams already acquired
represent many additional millions. The methods
and customs by which these properties are operated
and rights to streams established are the', results of
an tvojution local in character; hence they' differ
widely in different States. An illustration of the sit
uation which prevails is furnished by the South Platte
River and its tributaries in Colorado. There are over
a fhousand separate and distinct; rights to the waters
of this stream. Some of these rights serve to irrigate
over a hundred farms. * * * Such a division
is a complex and difficult problem. It has required
nearly a half century, for the people of the section to
solve it and devise a working- system. * - * *
It is a question whether any appropriation which
Congress might make for the construction of addi
tional works :n this district would not inflict more
injury than benefit if such construction carried with
it any disturbance or interference with the existing
system."
Furthermore, the Secretary says:, "If the States are
to control the water supplies there should be satisfac
tory assurance that ' whatever is made available by
public funds should benefit the actual users of water
and not enrich the holders of speculative rights. In
some States there is such assurance. Those States
are entitled to national aid, because it is known from
present conditions that such aid would be clearly
beneficial. But there are other arid States where -the
doctrine of riparian rights jeopardizes the success of
every irrigation work now built 'as well as any works
the Government might build. * * * Whatever
aid Congress extends should be conditioned on the
enactment of proper irrigation codes by the States
and be made to promote the -greater efficiency and
success of such laws rather than interfere with their
operation."
As these views pf the Secretary of Agriculture are
founded upon reason and justice it is probable they
will prevail whenever any attempt is made at provid
ing national aid to State irrigation. Consequently
it bejjooves the people of the different States to begin
thinking how they can best devise an irrigation code
which will stand the test which the Secretary recom
mends.
Eastern reports promise us that this is to be a rec
ord year for tourist travel to California, and* it may
also prove to be a record 'year for settlers. jAVelike
to have- them come,' but "we. like them' better when
Ihey invest and stay withes.' ■ \ -,'•
MARCONI'S TRIUMPH.
BY working : in secret, swiftly and scientifically,
Sighor Marconi has succeeded in surprising
the world with a, wireless telegraph signal
across the ocean from England to Newfoundland -at
a time when the world was expecting nothing more
than attempt to communicate from land with a
ship more than ioo miles at sea. The feat has been
in the fullest sense a startling one and finishes up the
first year of the new century with one of the greatest
marvels ever achieved by. science and invention.
The transmission of the signals which in the.tele
graphic alphabet correspond to the letter S are suffi
cient to assure the transmission of messages in the
near future. The apparatus with which Marconi
made his experiment was in one respect jdefective.
He had on the Newfoundland coast no tower high
enough to enable him to intercept the subtle vibra
tions sent forth from the English station. The use
of a balloon was not feasible owing to the severity
of the winter winds on triat stormy coait. He was;
therefore, .compelled to' make use of a kite, which
proved sufficient indeed for the success of' the ex
periment, but would be utterly inadequate for the
practical working of the system- as a regular medium
for the transmission of news.
In speaking of the experiments to a correspondent
of The Call, Marconi said: "It must be remembered
my kite was; flying about in all directions. The sig
nal was received only when the kite was at a great
height. My opinion is that a station here similar to
that at The Lizard, on the Cornwall coast v with spe
cial machinery* and a mast 200 feet high, will be quite
sufficient to make powerful communication across
the Atlantic. I do not expect to obtain further great
results from the kite tests and must wait until a mast
is erected." ".„■ ■ ,
' The construction of the required station on this
side of the ocean will not require much time, nor will
it be difficult for the inventor to obtain the* money
needed for the plant. His system of telegraphy is no
longer an experiment. Capitalists recognize it as
good business and are willing to back him for a far
larger sum than the proposed plant will cost. We
are, therefore, /"within measurable distance of a time
when we may expect wireless telegraphy across the
ocean to be an established system for the transmis
sion of messages. How far the new telegraphy will
affect the old cable companies it is impossible to say;
but it seems certain they will have a keen competition
to meet even if they do not have to succumb alto
gether..
Incidentally among his other triumphs, Marconi
may count the victory his latest achievement has ob*
tained for him over the yellow journal that a few years
ago derided him and mocked at his works. It will
be remembered that when The Call accomplished the
feat of transmitting by wireless telegraphy the news
of the arrival off the Golden Gate of the transport
bringing home the California Volunteers," the Exam
iner scoffed at the feat and tried hard to induce the
public" to look upon it as a fake. Later on when, in
connection with the New York Herald, The Call ob
tained by wireless telegraphy reports of the interna
tional yacht race off New York harbor, the Exam
iner returned to its attacks. Not content with assail- 1 *
ing The Call, it sneered at the inventor, styled him'
['Macaroni," and in other ways sneered and jeered
at him. All is changed now. The Examiner gives
:tts front page and biggest type to the achievements
of the marvelous inventor. It has ceased to call him
"Macaroni." Perhaps in the end it may even try to
claim for itself the credit of introducing wireless
telegraphy on this coast and making use of it in trans
mitting news.
. Chicago ;complains of a lack of young women for
service in'.tiie dry goods stores and Boston complains
of a shortage of marriageable young women among
the first families; so it would seem matrimony has had
a boom in the East.
THE PEACE OF THE WORLD.
WHEN upon Christmas day the civilized na
tions sing the anthem of "Peace on Earth,"
£ they will have to gather enthusiasm for the
singing from faith alone. There is no peace in South
Africa, China, the Philippines or South America, and
even among the nations which are at peace with one
another there is no confidence except that which re
poses in armies and navies. Moreover, the outlook is
anything but promising for the continuance of such
peace as exists. Politically, the world is in a condi
tion of unstable equilibrium and there is no telling
when something may set it moving in the direction
of war.
In South" America there is a condition that menaces
all kinds of conflicts. It is not merely that Vene
zuela, and Colombia are at dagger points, and that
Argentina and Chile are ready to fight, but the Vene
zuelan situation threatens to involve Germany and
the United States in a controversy that will be any
thing but good naturcd. Moreover, Germany is not
content to enforce her claims upon Venezuela before
undertaking new military and naval enterprises, and is
reported to be interfering with Japan in Korea, while
Japan and Great Britain are said to be busily at work
in China trying to prevent Russia from getting con
trol of Manchuria.. The result! is, we are sending
warships to watch Germany, Germany is moving a
force to watch Japan, and Great Britain is watching
Russia. \ > ,
Of all these controversies that between the Ger
mans and the Venezuelans is the most' interesting to
us. That Germany's claims are valid seems to be
conceded, but President Castro has announced that;
he docs not consider his Government bound to rem
edy wrongs done by former Governments. Germany
threatens to seize a Venezuelan port and collect cus-,
toms enough to satisfy the claims and the cost of coir
lection. Castro says if that course be followed he will
proclaim free trade and no goods will pass through
the custom-houses the Germans may have seized.
He adds that by way of a compromise he will give
the Germans a right to colonize a large tract of Ven
ezuelan territory, and thus we become interested. The
right, tp colonize. may mean little, or it may mean a
virtual transfer of sovereignty over. the colonized dis
trict to Germany. Such a transfer, would. conflict with
the prevailing idea, qf the Monr&e doctrine,, and we
Would have to interfere, to the /extent at least-, of
warning Germany that the acceptance of the so ver-.
eighty would be regarded "as "an act unfriendly to the
United States." ../
The first Christmas of the new century therefore
finds the civilized world well armed ; and suspicious.
The subjects of quarrel between the great nations are
tbo petty* and, small to justify war; but it is well
known that little things may grow into big things if
care be not exercised to keep them small. /Marquis
Ito's visit to Germany is said to have been for the
purpose of assuring the Kaiser that Japan's 'recehf
acquirement of territorial rights in Ko rea "has no
ulterior object." Trie Kaiser has assured our Gov-
THE SAN FRANCISCO y:CAliL. vTUFSDAY, : DEUEMHER IT, 19OJ.
crnment that the dispatch of German war?, vessels, to
Venezuelan waters has no ulterior object, f The^ Czar
has doubtless informed the British that his movement
in Manchuria has no ulterior object. In fact,; the na
tions seem to.be living just now without ulterior ob
ject. Whether this is a good and healthful condition
of world politics is for diplomatists to decide. 'If they
fail to agree about it we may have to leave the issue
to war. ;. ■■;.'■",
ihe treasurer of a woman's. .'association in New
Jersey has skipped off with trie funds, and while there
is a good deal of talk' about the missing .lady and
much mourning over her absence, no one is asking:
"Who. is the man?"/ It seems there are' some rules
that don't work both ways..:.
anti- anarchist; legislation.
THAT some effort would be made at this Con
gress to procure the enactment of Feederal
laws against anarchists has been a foregone
conclusion ever since the assassination of the Presi
dent. Burning with a righteous wrath against the:
cruel and. wanton slayer of McKinley, the voice of the
people fiercely demanded not only the punishment
of the wretch actually guilty of the crime, but also of
those who incited \U There was, moreover, a demand
that anarchists be' excluded from this country alto
gether, and the demand was made emphatically
enough to impress itself upon the minds of' statesmen.
Consequently it is 'but ( natural that as soon as Con
gress got' ready for business there should be present
ed a large number of bills dealing with the issue. ■'.
.Up to date it is said there have been submitted
more than a dozen anti-anarchist bills. , Of the whole
lot, however, it is doubtful if a single one would win
the approval of the American peopl^, now that they
have become calm. The problem is, in fact, much more
difficult than it appeared at first thought. It is not
easy to define anarchy. It is not easy to determine
just where public criticism of officials ceases to be
legitimate* politics and becomes anarchistical. Fur
thermore, when a definition of anarchy has been
found that will stand the test of the courts there re
mains the difficulty of providing an adequate penalty.
Senator Hoar has suggested the adoption of an in
ternational agreement \ setting apart some island in
the ocean as a place of imprisonment for anarchists,
and to which all such enemies of law and government
should be deported. The suggestion when first made
received considerable approval. It seemed something
like poetic justice that men who are opposed to gov
ernment should be given an island of their own where
they be forced to live with one another. There are,
however, difficulties in the way. Should the agree
ment be made the United States would have to assist
in holding in such imprisonment persons sent to the
island from countries where a fair trial is not always
guaranteed to an accused. . We might have to set
United States soldiers to act as jailers for Russia, and
that would not suit the 'American people for any great
length of time.
Considerations of a similar nature affect every one
of the more extreme propositions submitted in the
way of anti-ajWchist legislation. Something will be
done to exclude them from the country, but the ques
tion of punishment for, the commission of crime will
doubtless be left as it is now, to the States. The na
tiopal Government could not have dealt with Czol
gosz with any more firmness,\dignity and dispatch
than did the courts of New York. It would seem,
then, that in the m^in our laws are good enough, and
anything like radical legislation for the suppression
of anarchy or the punishment of anarchist assassins
will not be undertaken. *.
The productiveness of the country ha; now so far
outstripped the capacity of the railways for handling
it that serious trouble is expected in some. quarters.
Thus a recent report says a salt company in Virginia
has been unable to get cars to supply its customers,
and as no relief can be obtained from the manage
ment of the roads the company is thinking of appeal
ing to the Interstate. Commerce Commission to see
it it have not the power to compel the roads to haul
the freight. . \
THE WHITE HOUSE PROBLEM.
WITH the White- House as a combined
Presidential residence, executive office and
assembly, hall for state ceremonies there has
long been dissatisfaction. With the accession* of
each new President there have come new complaints
of inadequate facilities for the three purposes the
mansion is required to fill. It is large enough for a
residence, or for an executive office, or for a state
assembly hall, but it is notlarge enough for all three.
There is need of more room, and the need is urgent.
The T increased room required /for the President,
his family and his executive staff would doubtless
have been provided long ago had there ever been an
agreement as to the best means of providing it.
When'the Clevelands were at the White House it was
given out that Mrs. Cleveland favored the construc
tion of a residence for the President in another part
of- the city,\ieaving the present mansion to be used
as an office building for the executive department
of the Government and for state balls and dinners.
At that time there were elaborate plans made for
the proposed residence, and some of thorn were gen
erally • approved. They came to nothing, however,
for when the Harrisons entered. the AVhite House a
different view was taken of the problem. The Presi
dent found an office. for himself in the State Depart
ment building and, thus relieved the White House to
some extent. The McKinleys had an altogether dif
ferent idea from their* immediate predecessors.
Their plan was to build additions to the present man
sion and thus, keep the residence and executive office
under one roof. Designs for that purpose were pre
pared and submitted to Congress. Now comes Presi
dent Roosevelt with a third plan. 'He recommends
the retention of the White House as the residence
of trfc President and the. erection of a new building
containing the executive offices and a series of salons
and apartments fitted for state ceremonies, receptions
and banquets. A bill to that effect has been intro
duced into Congress. .- ' L ; t
■ Since Roosevelt has nearly a whole four years' term
before him, and since Congress is now well satisfied
that something should be'dpne to provide more room
for the President, it is probable, we shall have the
Roosevelt plan carr;cd out. It will preserve to the
country unchanged' the historic "'White House of
which' the j people jiave grown to ,bc so fond. That
in itself, will be a popular thing. There is a certain
sentiment clustered round the old building that would
be hurt were the structure changed by huge addi
tions or : we're it converted to merely office uses. Con
sequently we may' : safely ;. expect a ': general approval of
the bill to erect anew executive office. That struc
ture can; : be designed for the special purposes for
which it\is intended, and, in that way/ the President
be. 1 provided ' with the means of welcoming Enibassa
dof s or J holding ; levees on ,, a scale worthy of his /high
office /arjfl the . greatness of the' republic. . : • l •
MONUMENT MARKS SPOT WHERE OLD
GLORY FIRST WAVED IN BATTLE
FLAG MONUMENT RECENTLY UNVEILED AT COOCH BRIDGE, DELAWARE, TO MARK THE PLACE WHERE
THE STARS AND STRIPES MADE THEIR FIRST APPEARANCE ON A BATTLEFIELD, THE OCCASION BE
ING AN ENCOUNTER BETWEEN THE PATRIOTS AND THE BRITISH TROOPS.
THE flag monument here pictured was recently unveiled
at Cooch Bridge, near Wilmington, Del., to mark the
spot where Old Glory made its first appearance on the
battlefield. The occasion was an engagement between the
colonial troops and the British under Lord Howe a cen
tury and a quarter a so, and the stars and stripes, it is said,
were here borne before the patriots for the first time. The
PERSONAL MENTION.
Joseph S. Tobln and wife returned from
Honolulu yesterday.
H. L. Shannon, fi. mineowner of Redding,
is a suest at the Lick.
Frank H Buck, a fruit-grower of Vaca
ville, is a guest at the Palace.
John N. Vance, a hotel man of Eureka,
is spending a few days at the Lick.
Senator T. H. Selvage of Eureka is
spending a days at the Grand.
E.' Corrigan, the well known turfman,
arrived in the city yesterday. He is at
the Palace. •
Alden Anderson, an extensive fruit
grower of Suisun, is among the arrivals
at the Grand.
A. Ivan Treadwell and wife returned
yesterday from a tour around the world.
They are staying at the California.
J. Craig, proprietor of Highland Springs,
is in the city on a short business trip and
haa made the Grand his headquarters...
H. W. Richardson, the crack shot of
Australia, arrived here yesterday on the
Sonoma and is staying at the California.
Lieutenant Kee, United States . Naval
Attache at Tokio, is here on a short vaca
tion. He is registered at the Occidental.
. Neil E. Bailey, city ticket agent of the
Union Pacific Railway, resigns shortly to
accept a responsible position with a mer
cantile house.
W. S. Wing, auditor : of the Colorado
Midland Railway, is at the California. His
headquarters Is in Denver and he is
making- a short trip here as a witness in
a ease concerning the infringement on a
patent air brake.
R. L. Dannenbaugh, who has served as
Judge of the Superior x Court of Java for
many years, and Colonel H. F. C. von
Bylevett, in charge of the colonial army
(jf -Java, are here on their way' back to
Holland to retire with pensions. They are
at present staying at the Occidental, ac
companied by their wives.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— F. H.' Ames and F. J. Koster,
at the Manhattan; A. G. D. Kerrell, at
the Victoria; M. ;H. Starr, at the Grand;
G. Alexander, at the Park Avenue; A. B.
Bowers and R. E. Revalt.jat the Imperial;
K. A. Dillon, at the^ Murray Hill; E. E.
Hewlett, at the New' Amsterdam; M.
Kolm and T. B. Smalley, at the Herald
Square; H. F. Upham, at the Grand
Union; W. S. Wallace, at the Navarre.
From Oakland— C. Crowcll and J. C.
Evyiny, at the Imperial.
From Los Angeles— Mrs. W. Dunn, at
the Park Avenue. •
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16.— The following
Callfornlana arrived here to-day: At the
Shoreham— Edward J.- Livernash and L.
S.'.W. Wuerney of San Francisco. At the
Arlington — Charles £}. Glvens, E. J. Desue,
Mr. and Mrs. Heigbee, Pauline Heigbee,
George H. Heigbee Jr. and Charles W.
Taylor of San Francisco'. .At the Raleigh
— E. Burke of Los Angeles, Mrs. B. Meyer
and J. S. Hanna of San Francisco. ■■ ,'
For the Writing 1 iDcsk.
Leather-bound Silver-moiJnted Blotters,
Desk Sets, -Inkstands, Lap Tablets,. Diar
ies, Calendars, Papeteries, Gold-mounted
Penholders and Pencils make Inexpensive,
beautiful and useful Christmas presents.
Greatest variety and best values at San
born, Vail & Co.'s. 741 Market street. ♦
Uh'que Menu for. Carrp&i?.
Andrew Carnegie is to visit Hoboken
goon; and •will eat what will appear to be
railroad spikes and T-rails and will drink
something suggestive of molten Iron.
Mr. Carnegie gave $65,000 to Stevens In
stitute to build the new laboratory of the
er.gineering department, and his return
frpm EJurope will be celebrated by a ban
quet af^er tjie dedjeation pf the new build
ing. •'"■..■; \ '■ ..■ .•' :;
President Morron will have a unique
menu served. ■ ilolds in the shape of rallr
road spikes, are now being made for the
bread, while the Icecream wlU ba In the
shape qf T-rails. Fried oysters will be
served on a miniature locomotive,' ami
when;. the blast furnace Is tapped there
■will issue from it punch instead of molten
ivon. These are .only a- few pf the queer
things, that .will 'be seen at the banquet
ing board on the occasion.
Mi an s Model Lodging.
-. The/ model . lodging-house, which was
opened in Milan,..: Italy, last June has
proved a great success. It is patronized,
holy by manual laborers, but by clerks and
shon ,' assistants. Rooms rent for 67^
ctr.ts a: week. Every lodger must be in
Uis room before midnight arid be out again
bcforeS o'clock in the mcirningr. Batii
rc-oms-are.Qpen tjayand.nlgrht; a full bath
costing four.cents and a shqwer bath two
cents.: Lodgers may b.uy. fqpd outside ana
cobkit in the hotel' kitchens
or, they .mayt buy their supplies r at the
lowest possible price from the' hotel store
rooms. Lodgers are also furnished - with
facilities - for doing ; their own ■ ' washing
The. building is five stories in height, with
a* roof garden on ; the • to£. ' • The- buildine
certains 530 rooms, air of the same dimen
sions; five feet ten "inches by seven feet
six inches. \\ * ;;■ -
; Gcplts of the great Christmas edi
tion can bs. obtained from all" agents,
newsdealers, : .newsbpys\ and at th.3
Business Office of "this paper. - ~
monument 13 of rough Brandywine granite, -with a smooth slab
on one side bearing the design of our first flair, having thirteen
stripes and thirteen stars. Beneath this Is ":he following In
scription: "The Stars and Stripes Were First Unfurled In BaU
tie at Cooch Bridge, September 3,. 1777. Erected by the Patri
otic Societies and Citizens of the State of Delaware, September
3, 1901."
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
TRADE DOLLAR— A. J. S., East Oak
lanw, Cal. Trade dollars of 1S75 do not
command a premium from dealers.
FREE ASSAYING— J. R., City. There
is no place in San Francisco "where as
saying is done free of charge."
FOUNTAIN PENS— Reader. City. If
you wish to know who handles certain
kinds of fountain pens inquire of dealers
in such.
STATE REGENT — Information, San
Diego, Cal. Mrs. J. F. Swift. 824 Velencia
street, San Francisco, is the State regent
for California of the Daughters of the
American Revolution.
TATTOO MARKS— R. W., Watsonville,
Cal. The Chemical News is authority for
the statement that tattoo marks can be
made to disappear by being first well
rubbed with a salve of pure acetic acid
and lard, then with a solution of potash
and finally with hydrochloric acid.
PUBLIC LANDS-Settler. San Jaclnto,
Cal. Any person desiring information
about public land should always give tha
section, township and range for which In
formation is asked, together with the
numbers of land, and such information
will always be furnished free of charge
by the local land officers. , ■ •
SENATORS— B. F., Santa Clara, Cal.
For literature on the question of the elec
tion of United States Senators by the di
rect vote of the people consult Poole's- In
dex of Current Literature and the Cumu
lative Index to Current and Periodical
Literature. These will direct you to arti
cles that have been published on the sub
ject.
CIVIL SERVICE— A. A. R., City. The
question "When will the civil service ex
amination take place in this city?" is too
indefinite to admit of an answer, as It is
impossible to determine what examina
tion you refer to— the United States or the
local civil service. The inquiry should
also state the character of examination
the writer wishes to know about.
RUNS IN CRIBBAGE-Subscrlber, City.
If in a game of two-handed cribbage the
cards are played in the following order —
1, 2, 3. 5, 4, 7, 6, 2— there is a run of 7 down
to the last deuce, then a run of 6. from the
last deuce to the first one. In that game
the cards do not have to be played in se
quence in order to eount runs, but may be
counted backward or forward, so long as
they will make a sequence.
CUTTING TIMBER-J. A., Plymouth,
Cal. The fact that a man settled under
the homestead laws upon a piece of land,
cut timber, then moved away, making his
home elsewhere, but at different tirne3
came back to the land he first occupied
to hau! the timber he had cut to market
dees not give him any right to hold the
lard, if he has absented himself for more
than six months from the same.
NATURAL AND FORCED DRAUGHT
—Inquirer, O'Neal, Cal. The following ta*
ble shows the difference between natural
and forced draught on a steamer, being
the. actual test for six hours under nat
ural draught and sixteen hours with
forced draught: ...
Without
, Forced ■
' . Draught.
Duration of trial 6 hours
Average Pressures —
Engine room steam 143.4
First receiver 41
Second receiver 5.59
Vacuum 25.4
Revolutions per minute \ "1 91*22 '
. Mean Pressure in Cylinder—
H. p. ;.. 51 i
U I 871
11. P. reduced to L. P. cylinder.. 25.06
Av. Indicated Hjyaepowtr —
.Main engines' ' 1020
Auxiliaries sg
.Total ., H)iS
Air pressure in inches of wattr.! ' 2D
Coal Burned—
Totai on trial.. 14 415
Per hour ' 2*40* •; '
Per I. H. P. per hour.. 2.22 N
Heating surface per I. H. P.^_?"' 2 74 aq 5 ft
I. H. P. per bq. ft. of grate area.. j 10 '08 '
Grate surfaeo In use 10* sa ft
Class of coal '.. Franklin"
Draught of Vessel- . <Go ° 4 QuaL >
regard 7 ff „ ,
A" • 12ft. Bin.
Mean ; in ft 2u in
Displacement of vessel 1.130 tom
V "- -^ With
Forced
■[ . ; Draught.
Duration of trial..... 16 ho
Average Pressures—
Kngine room steam ....'. ' m-t o
First receiver ."' 24". -'
Second receiver • e 1-
Vacuum . ■"■ J} g
Revolutions per minute.... "" t\
' Mean Pressure in Cyljnder—
-H. P. ........................ *<>
I. P •- o
L p ■•.....' ■ • zo.a
M."r. WducVcitoL.' pVcyiinder" a?'
- Av. Indicated Horsepower—
Main engines ..........:...... , ?a , *
Auxiliaries ............;; i>3 °^
Total " ,°*
AJr pressure in inches of water *" " •*'* _
Coal Burned — - - ***' ' •"
Total on trial 4 , ... •
Per hour .............. *" 4 *«™J
Per I.- H. 1 P. per hour!!!" 3>CS 5 '.
Equivalent in Cardiff coal "" • T.
Fq.'.ft-Krate surface per "hour 49 »
Heating surface per I H • P *TZ
1. H. P. per 8 q ft. of" grate area! &V*
Grate surface j in use.... „ 16
Class of coal : " ' 3 E 1- ft.
".Draught of Ve SSel -
Forward 10 „. 8 , a .
Mean ..:..;'r^!!!!*.""|;'" -■• l«! t -" 6|i >«
Displacement of vessei" """""" 1 ,11 * ln -'
■■".' M** tons
A CHANCE TO SMILE
"Millie," said her elderly uncle, "has
that co-operative cooking company yqu
Joined a few months ago declared /Any
dividends yet?" ™.
"Oh, yes," replied tho young woman,
who was managing her own finances. "I
got a circular from the eecretary the oth
er day telling me that the company was
In splendid condition ar.d had called an
assessment of 10 per cent. That's tha
same thing, isn't it?"— Chicago Tribune.
"Do you know, Miss Friable," said tha
large headed young acthor, "my most
brilliant thoughts come to me m my
sleep?"
"It's a great pity that you are troubled
with Insomnia,", added the pert young
lady.— Detroit Free Press.
"You put us on short allowance of po
tatoes," complained Mn». Billus, "I sup
pose, so you can fill that good-for-nothing
horse of your with high-priced oats."
Meanwhile the horse. In tho solitude o*
the barn, was saying bitterly to himself;
"X am kept on half rations of oats. 1
suppose, in order that the people In. the
house can have their fill of potatoes!"
As for Mr. Billus. he groaned and said
nothing.— Chicago Tribune.
\
"What we want is a new political
party," said the man with gold spec
tacles. . _*•
"Can't you find your principles prop
erly represented In the old" ones?!*
, "Oh. yes. But, you see, I'm a musician.
The more political parties the more pro
cessions, and the more processions the
more business for the band."—Washing
ton Star.
"I believe you were In. the thick of the
Spanish-American flghtV
"Well," answered the Spanish officer,
"I don't know- that I can say I was in
the thick of it. • I was In the worst of the
battle of Santiago. But my nationality
.prevented my getting Into the subsequent
struggle in the United States Navy De
partment."—Washington Star.
"Hold on. there!" called Charon to the
new arrival at the ferry over the Sty:c
"You wait until the next trip and I'll take
you over alone."
"Why this distinction?" Inquired one ot
the spirit passengers.
"Oh. he's one of those fools that rock
the boat, and I didn't want to spoil the
trip for the rest; of you."— Baltimore
American.
"You are certainly elected!" his friends
cried.
"Yes," said the successful candidate,
and he gritted his teeth hard.
"What's the matter?" they demanded in
surprise. "Do you not feel sure of youj
victory?"
"Yes; but I am also sure that a band
will come to serenade xae."— Philadelphia
Press.
Artificial Red Oranges.
German chemists, with their profound
love for investigation, have been probing
the blood orange with remarkable results.
The popular Idea In the land of the Kaiser
was that the blood oranj;e, or, as they call
it. the "Italian blood orange," is colored
not by nature, but by the injection of
some artificial vegetable dye. According
ly they set out, first, to find out from Ihe
frnit itself the nature of this dye, and,
second, to find a means of changing the
common Italian orange into a blood
orange by the injection of different kinds
of coloring matter.
It was found, however, that no single
Injection of any dye would color more
tnan a part of the oranjre, and that if sev
eral Injections were made the fruit was
likely to decompose quickly. They then
wrestled with the theory that the coloring
was produced by watering the roots of
the trees wjth a blood-red vegetable solu
tion, but so far without result.
Choice candies. Townaend's Palace Hotel.*
i Cal. Glace Fruit 5Qc per 1b at Townsend;sk\
""- .,-.■■- — '■ — -* *y
Best eyeglasses, specs. 10c, 40c. Look out
for 81 4th st.-j front barber and grocery. •
. Tovrnsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
'Pound, in flre^-etched boxes or Jap. bas
£?. \\ A nlce P'esent for Eastern friends.
83J Market street. Palace* Hotel building.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men ty tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042.
■ Two^pound handscme fire-etched box of
California Glace Frulta, express charges
prepaid to Chicago. New York and East
ern points. U 35. Time to send now. Thou
sands of packages ready. 639 Market st. •
In the eighteenth century silken co
coons sold In the London market for a
shilling a pound.
"The Overland I-ixnite<J." via Unlcn Pacific
R. R., Is the only train ir.aking connection in
Chicago with the fast Express Trains leaving
Chicago In the morrlnz for New York. By
this Route you can remain tn San Francisco
until Id a. m.. reaching Chicago six hourji
quicker than on any other Limited Train. T*|A»
train runs Every Day la the Year. D. ™\
Hitchcock.^ Gen. Act.. No, 1 Montgomery it..
1 :Dt. Sanford"s Liver Invlgorator.
Best LlverMedlclne.VegetableCure forUverllla,
Biliousness, Indigestion. Constipation, Malaria./ . ADVERTISEMENTS.
Positively cured by thess
Little Pills.
Th-y also relieve distress from Dy v
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
"ting A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea. Drov/siness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tor.jrue. Pain in
vthc Side. TORPID LIVER. They
f Kejrulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PiU. . Small Dose.
Small Price.
J&AILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tr»f»» !**»*•> m,,,| nrv .in,. ,„ Hrrlv , mt
£ WAN riUKCIMU.
(Main Line. Foot, of Market Street) * •■ 1 ■
f** T « — From Decembeb 6. 1931. — arrivi
~:0Oa Beiiidk. Suimu. Ehair* and 8acr»
5:OOa Vacatilie. " Wioteni/Eiimieyl;"""! T:53r
- s»»A M ar lire?., S*n iUiuim, V»llejo. K*!*, «
*.«.> ~ c * ll « t "6»*"«l«*ut» Ui»* «:S5p
B.OO a DarU. Woodland. KnigtU Landing,
_ ._ Warj-B»i!le. <»n»|:it: ?:S.*lp
»:<n»*NUe«, L»thro,.. Stoc^tou 'IsSar
. BsOOa Mle«, Wendot*. llauford. Visali*.
PorterrUle ♦ 4:33r
• :SOa Shut* Uzprew-IHTis, Willi»m»<for
Bartlett Kprinw). \VUlo««, EeU
Bluff, Portland. 7:»»r
•tS«A B»u Jn«, Litcrnmrr, Stockton.
lone, Sucr&iiKntri. rUetTtille,
Mnrjuillr. ciiicn. lied Itluff <:S»p
SiBttAOikdiJe.Chlncie.Sonora. Tuoluiane 4:»3r
V-.iWK ll»!»»t.l, aud IV «j Butioiu.. I 1:55a.
•iO»i Vallejo I3t:23p
■:«» a Los Angeles Expreae — Mortii.f x,
Tracy. Lattirop. Ktocktnu. *!i-rc <I
Krosno anil Log Aneulcs ~:SSa I
»:3U« V N !lr)n. MarUurx mnl Wiiy Slati,>n« 3(39*
£ «:O«A TUi Oterlau.) I Jinited-Ogdeii. L'on-
ter. Umaba. Chicagu <l:2Sr
ilrOOpSitdK.iicnl.i i:h«Sit.mm« 11 I. OOP
8,...., Heniela. \\ intern. Hacniueulo.
lTcwdlam4. K..i k I.U l*mUi.n.
'.* MiiryiiTillF, Orurilla IO:SSa
Y »:80P H«yward. Kil^i au.l Way Station*.. T:53r
4i»«r MmUiih, Han |Utu«... Valiejo,
K»j.a. « VlwtoK*. Santa lt<*» »ta.%p
4iO«p N'iie.-, I^vormore. Stockton.Lo.il... I2.-J3p
«:3«r Hiprinl, Mle«. hKi Jose, Or. rmore »»:*«*
«:3»r I llir Ottl ljmited— Kreino, TuUre,
lUkercQeM. .sanpiiR for Snuta ilar-
Inira. L<<s Aiif.-iis N:33i
5i««p Port Coma. Tracy. 1^1 hrop. Stock ten ln:23* i
S:O«p Martin* z. Autioch. Siuckioii. Her- i
ced, Fresno I2:25p
C:««p lUyirara. Kile* ami Kan JuBe 7i33»
t«:0«l- V»!lt-i<i 11:23%
a>V(ii- Oriental Mail— <i(;<leii, Deurer.
Omalia. St iKJUis, ''hiCTRo <:23» |
7j««i- <(t«-j;.,ji uii.i r»;ii,,n.i.i I :x t -» '-hi.. v MC -
nmiMiti. *Ui;Mil!-. ICpiltlinc
I\mU,,,,,1, r,. K , i. .SoiK.il Rll.l ! i.sl ■:33a
ScosrSau r«b!o. J'.nrt (!o«U, M&rticez
aiullVay .SlaUojig I|:S3a
t»:«Hr Vall-1.. .- ?:5*p
COAST IilNE (Narrow Un«* r ). !
(I'.x.t-.r M.-rk.l Stre.-t.i j
' »:1»a Nt-H«.rk.i;.iiti-ivl!lr,«»ti.lime,IVItoii, '■
]'h»u '!.T('r. »;;, k ,i!iin0ri!/ Way ■
.-Uli.ii.B 5:3OP
t»il»p Ncariirk, Cen<«rvi!lr. 8an Joae. IJ«-w
AiiiiH.!«ii, ritllll Itou.lor <;reck.
t Hum* Uru nn.i l'riiiclpa' \V«r
S--Hll,...e J 111:5114 I
4>l4f Newark, San .lone. Ii««Gatoa 18:50a J
c9.3»r Huaten' Trail, -Stn Jczc and War
Htationi }7.aor !
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Prom £LS FtllZiiZd— Fc:i ol lUrket Stnet (Slip 8)—
t V : 1 £ !>C -I 11:00A.M. 1:33 3:J3 E:lEf.u. j
FffmOUUHD— r««ls'Br.«a««j.— t(i:Og Jc.oO 1S:0S
IQ:O0a.m. 12;C3 2.C3 «:S3r.«. |
COAST IiIKE: (rtroad <;•«(?«•). .
(Third »■■«> Tovueeiui Sta.)
6:I«a ban Jose md Wuj rttitious... «:i«U
7:001 Shu Jose Hid U'*y .SUU..n»......... 18:NOp
/7:«<ii N«f Alua.lrii / l:10»
SiOUa. Coast Line Limited — Han Jose.
Gi!n y, bialiuaa, Han JjaiM Obis;x>. ;
£anta> liarbara, Lw« AuceLes and
principal intermediate BtiUons.... IO:43»
IiIOa Shi .)<»«. Tiei I'isot, KaiiU I'rur.
Tacllic (iruvo, r'allnts. tan Lull
Oblspo and Prlnri.nal intermedute
Stations 4:1 Or
1 »:3Oa Ban Jose aud Way Stations »:X6a
I1:S«a KiiiJokuuI \V«y SUtiinm :t;16i
12: 13p .San Mateo, ltedirood, Menlu Park,
Palo Alto. HantaClan. 8aii Jom,
Tree Picot, KanU Cruz, Saliuu.
;.ioiiLeirj aini 1'acific Grove |IO:43a.
S:*«r Man Juae aJid Way Ktntinus. l<S»p
t4:l»t- .~ai,Ji.*(-u..i l'n, .<-u.*; v, »j Sbitimis SiSor
4l»lir 6unset Limited— Mondays, Wedoeti-
day*, Friday*, for Loi Angeles, El
I°tso New Urleacs and New York.
Arrives Siiadays. Tuesdays and i
Thursdays 10:13a
fStOOr S»n Joft. Los Gatos aud Principal
Way Stations <!>:«Oa
S>3»p Ban Jose an.t Principal Wny Stations 6:»«r
«:»»pftan Jose and Way stations ZiZmr
7:00 p New Orleans £xprens — Kau Ln!s
Obitpo. Banta Harbara. Los An-
celes. Doming. El Paso, Kew Or-
leans and East 7:30*
1it4»pSaii Jt»e»ml Way Stations 7;3Oy j
A for Moriiiiic I* for Afternoon.
tfiunAayexcepted. i J bandar ouly.
« Saturday only.. aud Frldayi^ .
CALIFOBNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. |
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St, ;
€en Frsncisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, 6:10, C:30 p. m. Thursdaj-s — Extra
trip at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
6UKDATS — 8:©0. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS — 6:10, 7:50, 8:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. en.
SUNDAYS — b:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05. 6:2S p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. jApr. 28, 1901) San Francisco.
Week 1 Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I Destination | days. J Days.
7:30am 8:00am| Kovato, 10:40am| 8:40am
3:30pra 9:30am| Petalurna, 6:05pm:10:25ara
5:10pm 5:00pm|Santa Rosa. 7:25pm| C:20pra
Fulton,
7:30am Windsor, 10:25am
6:00pm| Heald&burs, 10:40am
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
? :30am 6:00pm Hopland, 10:40am 10:25am
' 3:30pm fc:OOam and Uklah. 7:85pm ti :20pm
7 -30am ' 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm
3 ;30pm 5 :00pm ! 6:20pm
7 -30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and (
5:10pm S :00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7-30am| 8:Wiam| *!10:40am|10:25an;
3:30pm| 5:00pm| Sebaetopol. | 7:35pmj 6:20prc.
, ! Ktaees connect at Santa Roealbr Mark West
-^ Snrinls and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
» for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Gej-BerVille Tor Skaggs Springs;, at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Ssnrimrs Highland Eprings. Kelseyrllle. Carls-
bad Springs, 6oda Bay - Lakeport and Bartlett
fiSrin«r at Ckiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
inrinfs' Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
ISrtrHs" UPP^r Lake. Pomo. Potter Valler.
f nh^D&rt I Riverside, Lierley's, Buckneir»,
ianhedrln 'Heights, HulMlle Orr's Hot
lorine* i Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, West-
™rt Usal. Willits, Lajtonvtlle. Cummins,
feeire Sprtngs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
Monday round-trip tickets at re-
dU On d Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
H. X RTAN.
* Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
j^oimFtamalpais railway
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry "Arrive
SanFran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- *«--»•» JJS" iw
Days _day^ rt *. -a«- .ft--- ggL
las p J?-W*- "»-*.«« I'. 5^5 r.
I IMr. fiS *•****"*'■ |5:55 p.
Tut b»n Fnyln to Fummlt «n4 Etttiro. tl »0.
EArt Otic*,' CU KA£££T STUZT »»4 6XC61UT0 BUI
V* >^^^>r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
B 029 HEABWT ST. Established
AOsPvEnln IS54 lortlie treatment of i'rivnte
Hi VJ£bV Diseases. I/<«<t Manhood. Debility or
ffffillW it k'Ldisf-CB" wearing»>ii txirty ami rniml a-iil
rSr"- ' Hsfcln Uisonscs. The Doctorrures »;i,«i
fall. Try him. rbarg<* low,
<H ■-•"' HC'urro franranlr'd. Caller writa
"i»7*j v. «1U 2O H. bwi rraiicisco. CaJL _
OCEANIC COMPANY'S SONOMA BREAKS RECORD
IN RUN FROM HONOLULU TO SAN FRANCISCO
f=-rp=^ HREE mall steamships arrived in
I ' port yesterday. They were tho
1 ' Coptic from the Orient, the So
il, noma from Australasia and tho
% ' Leelanaw from Central America.
The Hancock, sailed .for the Phllipplnei
and the Walla' Walla for Puget Sound,
and all In al! It waff a busy day.-on^th*
front for the customs officers and others.
SONOMA MAKES NEW RECORD.
In Spite of Heavy Weather She Ar
rives on Time. •■ .
The Oceanic Mall Company's Sonoma
had a rough time of it coming from Ho
nolulu, but nevertheless she broke the
record and came in ahead of time. -The
Coptic left the Islands fourteen hours
ahead of the mail boat, but only anchored
in the stream one hour and a half ahead
of her. The official report showg that the
mail boat made the run in 5 days 13 hours
26 minutes, while the British ship took. 6
days 1 hour 30 minutes to make the run.
She got in ahead of the Sonoma/however,
and her passengers were landed before
the Oceania's flier had a chance to dock.
The official time records of the two
steamships were:
Coptic — From Hongkong, via Kobe and the
Inland Sea and Hawaii, 7531 miles, 2ti days 3
J:ours and 48 minutes. . .. •
Sonoma — From Sydney, N. S. W.. via Auck
land, Pago Pa«o and Honolulu, 7233 niiU'8. 19
days S huurs and 33 minutes.
The general reader can work out the
average for himself. After leaving Hono
lulu both the Sonoma and the Coptic ran
into a hovling gale. For four days they
were under a slow bell, but as soon as
Chief Engineer Little could £et a chance
to open out the engines of the Sonoma
she logged her 405 knots the tirst day.
Taking it a!! around, the Sonoma aver-'
aged fifteen and a h*ilf knots during her
7000-mile run, which is a splendid show-
Ing for a new boat. Chief Engineer Lrlttle
thinks there is no boat like her on the
Pacific
Manv Tourists on Sonoma.
Among these who came home on th»
Sonoma were Commander Tllley and hi3
wife. The officer Is the Naval Governor
of Tut'Jila and was tried a month or so
ago br a naval board. He was found
guiltless of tho charges preferred against
him §nd tho natives of Pago Pago gave
him an ovation. When the case came to
trial aboard the Wisconsin there was not
a tittle of evidence to show that Governor
Tilley had been guilty of any irregulari
ties, so he was promptly exonerated by
Rear Admiral Casey.
The first and second cabin passengers
en the Bonoina were:
From Sydney — T. K. Howe. F. Doddeneside,
Mrs. M. Trefcw. Miss Trefew. W. J. Beck. R.
1). Hunje. Mrs. Hume, Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Mc-
Danlel, S. E. Pendleten, Mr. and Mrs. H. A.
Goldard, Sir. and Mrs. T. G. Tread well. T. H.
Fleming. F. B. Fleming,. Meadlin Davey.
From Auckland — G. H. Lambson, E. K.
Lindsey. Mr. and Mrs.- F. Frankland and child.
Mi=s SyraonF. Mrs. V. King. J. H. Braaney, W.
J. Colville. Dr. Graham Campbell. W. J. Wat
kins.
Frcm Pago Pago — Mrs. Osborne, Stanley Os
borne. T. W. Richardson, Captain Tilley. Mrs.
Tilley.
From Honolulu — Mrs. G. L. Grant. Mrs. E. P.
Dole, Dr. L. P. H. RnhdenberR. Mrs. Rahden
berjr, J. H. Rahdenberg, W. H. Scott, Miss
Gallagiier, W. F. Rolilnson, James Vance, C.
J. McCarthy, Mr. and Mrs. Llebes. H. T.
Marsh. Mr. and Mrs. M. Leracke, II. Dechnet,
F. L. Chambers, C. M. Chambers. W. R.
Lowe, Mrs. J. C. Colin, Miss Aeheroft, B. Ho
nlg, W. Griswold Jr., J. A. Wilson, Mr. and
Mrs. J. S. Tobin. Mrs. J. B. Castle, A. Robin
son, P. Schneider, H. Diamond, Mr. and Mrs.
R. Lewers, Miss O'Neill. J. Minnefer. Mrs. H.
H. Linnell. Mrs. Ladalemlre. Mrs. C. O. Bur
irer. A. R. Power, B. K. Smith. J. H. Uhlhorn.
Mrs. C. L. Sullivan, W. Macfarlane, Mr. and
Mrs. F. W. Macfarlane, eon and maid.
SECOND CABIN.
From Sydney — Mrs, and Miss Carlson. W.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Twelve Yeae*s of
Awful Pile Pain.
A. E. Aurlnger, Braidwood, 111., says:
"After suffering untold agony for- over
twelve years from both forms of piles, and
trying all sorts of pile remedies without
relief, I am completely cured by Pyramid
Pile Cure." Sold by all druggists, 50c a
box. Book, "Piles, Causes and Cure,"
mailed free. Pyramid Drug Company
Marshall, Mich.
EAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe "~
Trains-Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Dally Dally Daily
Lv. SanFran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a U:llp
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanfora. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Vlsaiia.. 3:39 p 5:00a
" Bakersfld 0:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15p 9:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Bleeping Cars and
Dining- Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local flrst-ciass passengers. No second-
tlaas tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding, train arrives at 7:05 a: m.
daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. in. daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Care to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 0:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — C41 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland. ■ * .
|pi PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
1 Via Sautallt* Ferry.
Commencing September 2tf, l»01.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— <i:55, 8:IiO. ♦DtfO, 11:00 a. ra.
•1« 3:15. 4:15. 6:18, '0:15, C:45 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Kalael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'S:OQ. MOiOO, »ll:30 a. m., »1:1S,
315 »4:i5. 0:30, 6:30 p. m. .,
'Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL" TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— •5:25. «:27, 7:45, 8:35. 10:10
i a m *12:25. 2:15. -3i35. 4:40. 0:30 p. m"
I "EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdaja
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m,
Bu5?DAYS-«:lB. '8:00. -10:00. '11 AZ a. m.
•lfiO T •3:15. 4:45, *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, «:45. 7:55. 8:55, 10:30
a m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50, 6:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:3k p. m. •
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:05, 2:15, r
3-30 5:00, *1:45 p. m.
:.'- THROUGH TRAINS. . ';
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
1 :15 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
I stations. . . . .t , ■ ' .
I -Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time.
■ iw- '■■■ ■ \. ■■ ■■ ' ' : ■■ ■' • ■ ' - - ■ ■■■■■ • • '■-■ I i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, .DEC EMBER 17, 1901.
THE OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S SONOMA, THE OCCIDENTAL AND ORIENTAL, COMPANY'S COPTIC
AND THE PANAMA RAILROAD'S LEELANAW MAKING. PORT, AND THE UNITED STATES ARMY TRANS
PORT HANCOCK LEAVING FOR THE PHILIPPINES WITH RECRUITS. . '
Telford Sr.. Mrs. W. Telford Sr.. A. C. Nelson,
W. Goodyer, M. H. Greer.
From Auckland— L. C. Mangwan, J. E.
Harris, C. de Wynne. Charles de Wynne. Mr.
and Mrs: A. T. Grave and child. Miss Massey.
A. Wood Mrs. Wood. -
From Honolulu— Mrs. John Lund. F. A. Da
vis, Mr. and Mrs. S. Hoffman and child. Mrf.
Whitman and child, Miss Whitman, Mr. and
Mrs. T. J. Penfleld, Mrs. Searles, Mrs. M. B.
Rhodes and child, Mrs. and Miss Kalizan,
Miss C. Tacknberry. G. Tenbund, O. F.
Thomas. S. Freer. S. L. Frost. F. C. Bender,
T. Heins W. Campbell, F. L. Brown, H. A.
Giuded, Miss A. H. Parker, T. D. Dole. O.
Lewis, .G. Sykes.
The remains of two well-known Ameri
cans also came home on the Sonoma.
They were those of Mr. Osborne. United
States Consul at Apia, and V/. Skiddy ot
Sydney, N. S. W. The latter was drowned
in a boating accident in Port Jackson, and
his remains have been sent here for in
terment. Consul Os'oorne died in Samoa
of heart failure and his wife brings his
remains home for interment.
Purser Hodson of the Samoa was very
highly commended yesterday by the cus
toms and immigration officers for the
manner in which the ship's papers were
given them. It is rarely or never that the
Government officials compliment a purser
in these days.
Sailing of the Hancock.
The United States army transport Han
cock sailed promptly on time yesterday
for the Philippines. She took away seven
troops of the Fifteenth Cavalry, the band
and headquarters, G53 men; 360 recruits,
seven wheelwrights, one blacksmith and
four commissary sergeants. The cabin
passengers were:
Colonel William Wallace and wife, Major M.
W. Day, Captain K. ,W. Walker, L. C. An
drews ,and wife, H. "R. Hickock and wife,
George C. Barnhardt. wife and child; George
W. Klrkpatrlck. F. C. Marshall and wife.
Lieutenants Warren Dean, J. J. McMullen
and wife, C. D. Dudley, William C. Tremaine.
George C. Duncan. William C. Gardenshlre,
M. O. Holliday, William S. Bai-rlger, Eugene
J. Ely. Isaac S. Martin, Leon R. Partridge
and Mr. Van Leer.
Major F. H. Titus of the Fifteenth Cavalry.
Captain E. F. WHcox, Lieutenants George H.
White, L. C. Bennett. E. A. Jounet. William
A. Castle, Roland Whiteley, Caotaln William
B. Summerell of the recruits. Lieutenant R.
N. Nolan and wife. Lieutenant L. W. Caffey,
Lieutenant J. J. Boyle. Mrs. F. H.' Titus,
Mrs. C. F. Hartman. Mrs. John Newton. Mrs.
R. W. Whiteley and children. Mrs. F. D.
McWIlkle, J. J. Rafferty and wife. D. R. Wil
liams, Max Cazin, Philip Newton and C. S.
Hurd.
Boanoke Not Condemned.
The Roanoke has not been condemned
in Honolulu. She will come to San Fran
cisco for an overhauling, and those who
gambled on her arrival will make money.
The Roanoke sailed from Norfolk with a
cargo of coal for the Mare Island Navy
Yard, but put Into Honolulu with her
cargo heated. It now turns out, accord
ing to advices received by the Hawaiian
mail, that the vessel's hull has not been
seriously damaged, and she will reach
this port In due time for repairs.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN. >^
The barkentine Tam O'Shanter-is chartered
for lumber on Pueret Sound for Callao.
The schooner C. S. Holmes will load mer
chandise at this port and lumber at Grays
Harbor for Santa Rosalia.
Shipment of Wheat.
The British eblp Larglemore was cleared for
Queenstown for orders with 80,118 ctls wheat,
valued at $72,503 and 17,000 ft lumber as
dunnage, valued at $340.
The British bark Kilmeny, which was also
cleared yesterday for Queenstown j for orders,
has a cargo of 57.909 ctls wheat. . valued at
$60,873 and 15,000 ft lumber as dunnage,
valued at $225,
Notice to Mariners.
TAYLOR SANDS POST LIGHT, COLUMBIA
Notice Is hereby given that the single-pile
beacon from which this fixed white light id
shown, on the dry sands on the northwesterly
side of the channel, about three-quarters of
a mile above Tongue Point, Oregon, heretofore
reported carried away and the light temporar
ily discontinued, was rebuilt and the light re
established on December 12, 1901.
This notice affects the List of LlghtB and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1901, page 20, No.
03; List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific Coast,
1001. page 54. • X ,
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY, Commander, U. S. N., 1
Lighthouse Inspector.
Office United States Lighthouse Inspector,
Twelfth" District. .
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 16, 1001.
POINT PINO8— CALIFORNIA.
Notice Is hereby given that the whistling
buoy off Point Pinos, California, painted red
and lettered "Pt. P." in white, which recent
ly went adrift, has been replaced in its former
position. . :.*-■(.•'
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901, page 16.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
J. B. MILTON, Commander. U. S. N., ,'
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, December 16.
Stmr Sonoma. "Van . Oterendorp, 20 days 11
hours from Sydney, via Honolulu 5 days 16
hours. ' . v -
Stmr Luella, Madsen, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Westport, Erlckson, 43 hours from San
Pedro. .•••■■" '• ■■-
Stmr Greenwood, Faeerlund, 18 hours from
Cleone.
Stmr Navarro, Olsen, .11 hours from Bowens
Landing. : • • '
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 16 hours from
Greenwood. *
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 19 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen. 31 hours from
COMPANY'S EXTRACT of
Beef stands for health in the
home svnd economy in the
kitchen
Get tho gennine . --^% ? <<■■■
Lleblz Com- f / /9
•pany's Extract
with blue dgJT^ W^
, nature . ■.**■. ■■,-, *J ,
.A ! ■ ,1! M I, M , ■„. . ■■!■■"■!
Santa Rosa Island, via Alcatraz Landing 27
hours.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 34 hours from
Crescent City. • ' -
U S stmr McCullcch, Falling, from a cruise.
Br stmr Celtic, RInder, 2<i days 3% hours
from Honekonff, via Yokohama 16 days 8 J ,4
hc!;»-<i, via Honolulu 6 days 1% hours.
Schr Reporter, Hansen, 12 days from Fair
haven, via Neah Bay 6 days.
/CLEARED.
Monday, December 16.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Ladysmlth;
R Dunfimutr's Sons Co. -
Br shin LarKiemora, Spencer, Queenstown;
Balfour. Guthrie & Cb.
Br bark Kilmeny, Jones, Queenstown; W
ClrUel.
RETURNED.
Sunday, December 15.
Schr MaksoutofT, Gale, hence Nov 30 for
Manila, from sea. In distress.
SAILED.'
Monday, December 16.
Stmr " Westcort, Erlckson. Eureka. ■ '
Strrtr American, Morrison, New York.
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, Port Hartord.
Stmr Cocs Bay, Nicolson, . ■
Stmr Newsboy. Ahlstrom, .
U S stmr Hancock, Struvc Manila and
Honolulu.
Ship Slntram, "Wirschuleit. Everett.
, Uark C D Bryant, Colly, Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 10. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Dec 14 — Schr Mar
lon, from Tacoma.
Sailed Dec 16 — Schr C A Thayer, for
Grays Harbor; schr Meteor, for Port Town
send.
Arrived Dec 15 — Stmr Meteor, from San
Dlesro. Dec 16 — -Stmr Ruth. . from Bowens
Landincr. :
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 16 — Stmr Co
quille River, hence Dec 15; stmr Arctic, hence
Dec 15.
VENTURA— Arrived Dec 16— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Dec 15, and sailed for San Fran
cisco. .-■.., ; ■ » . : • - - -
SEATTLE — Arrived Dec 16 — Stmr Cottage
City, from Skagway; etmr City of Topeka,
from Skacway. | ■ • • '■.■- •«. ..-.• •
Sailed Dec 15 — Etmr Chico, for Portland,
Or.. i : '- - ■■. ■ •• •
-Sailed Dec 15 — Stmr Umatllla, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Dec 14 — Stmr Chlco", from Portland.
Dec 15r-Stmr City of Puebla. from Ban Fran
cisco.
TACOMA — Arrived Dec 16 — Stmr Asuncion,
from San Francisco; stmr City of Puebla, from
San Francisco. Dec 15— Stmr Charles Nolson,
from Seattle.
BALLARD— Sailed Dec 15— Schr Albert
Meyer, for San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 16— Stmr ;
Coronado, from Seattle. ' - :
Railed Dec 16 — Bktn Gardiner City, for San
Francisco.
NBAH.BAT — Passed out Dec 10 — Schr Al
bert Meyer, for San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 16— Stmr Columbia,
hence Dec 14; stmr Lakme', from Eureka.
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 1U — Stmr Eureka,
hence Dec 15.
Sailed Dec 16 — Stmr Alliance, for Coos Bay
and Portland; stmr North Fork, for San»Fran-
Clsco. .
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Dec 16— Stmr
Despatch, for San Pedro. „
PORT LOS ANGELES — Sailed Dec 16 — Stmr
Alcazar, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 16 — Stmr Santa Rosa, from San
Francisco.
Sailed Dec 16— Stmr Santa Rosa, for San
Diego; stmr San Mateo, for Nanalmo. . .
SOUTH BEVD— Arrived Dec 15— Stmr
Rival, hence Dec 11.
REDONDO — Arrived Dec 1T>— Stmr Alca-
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Dec 16— Brig
Courtney Ford, from Port Ludlow.
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec 15— Stmr Empire,
hence Dec 12.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Dec 3 — Bktn EnCore,
from Newcastle, Aus; stmr TamDlco, from
Seattle. Dec 4— Bktn J L Evlston, from New
castle, Aus. Dec C — Bark Olympic, hence
Dec 0. Dec 7 — Schr F S Redfleld, from Port
Blakeley; schr Luzon, from Tacoma. Dec 8—
Schr Mary E Foster, hence Nov 16. Dec &•—
Br stmr Coptic, from Yokohama : Br stmr
Doric; hence Dec 3. Dec 10 — Ship Reuce, from
Sydney.
Sailed Dec 3 — U S stmr Rosecrans, for Ma
nila; stmr Peru, for San Francisco;-. schr W V
Marston, for San Francisco. Dec 4 — Stmr Ala
meda, for San Francisco. Dec 7 — Ship Charm
er, for Tacoma.
FOREIGN PORTS.
N AN AIMO— Arrived Dec 16— Stmr Mineola,
from Port Los Angeles. i
Sailed Dec 14— Nor stmr TltanlaJ for San
Francisco.
ADELAIDE — Arrived Dec 16— rBark Sea
King-, from Port ■ Hadlock.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Dec 14— Chll Btmr Tuc
apel, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Called Dec 14 — Br stmr Duke
of Fife, for Victoria. Dec 13 — Br stmr Ping
Suey, for Seattle. ■ . ;
NEWCASTLE, Aus — Sailed Dec 13 — Br ship
Windsor Park, for San Francisco. Nov 7 —
Bktn Ometra, for Kahulul. Nov 0— Bark
Himalaya, for Lahalna. Nov 10— Bark Sono
ma. Nov 16 — Chjl bktn Alta, bktn Newsboy.
Nov 17 — Bark Star of Bengal. Nov 25 — Schr
Inca, for Honolulu. Nov 13 — Br ship Gleno
gll, Br bark Klnross-ehlre. Nov 15 — Br ship
Chlltonford. -Nov 21 — Br ship Drummuir, Nov
23 — Fr bark Marie Mollnos. Nov 25 — Br ship
Drumcraig,' for San Francisco.
In port Nov 26 — Br ship Agnes Oswald, for
Oregon: ship AJ Fuller, schr. Golden Shore,
ship -Mary L Cushins, bark Yosemlte, for
Honolulu; - schr - James Bolph, for Kahulul;
bktn Kohala,,for Tahiti; Br ships Benlarlg,
Dechmont, Frankistftn and Rahane, Br barks
Pomona and Pitcairn i Island, Fr bark Relne
Blanche and ship M P Grace, for San Fran
cisco. OCEAN STEAMERS.
• NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 10 — Stmr, Mesaba,
from London. ' >•
GLASGOW— Arrived Dec 15— Stmr Concor
dla. from 8t Johns. : «
Sailed • Dec 15 — Stmr Sarmatlan, for Port
land. • ' '
I GIBRALTAR, — Arrived Dec 16 — Stmr Aller,
from New York, for Naples.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 16— Stmr Sax
onla, from Boston, for Liverpool. -
■ Sailed Dec 16— Stmr Campania, from Liv
erpool, for New York. ■
HAMBURG-*— Sailed Dec 14 — Stmr Patricia,
for New York, .via. Plymouth. -
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United- States Coast, and Geodetic Survey —
. Times ' and ' Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance • to San
Francisco Bay. " Published . by . official au
thority of the Superintendent. ,
NOTE— The high and low waters occur r.t
the city front (Mission-street wharf) atebut
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
' TUESDAY. DECEMBER 17.. '.'i',\
Sun rises ....-.........' .7:10
Sun sets V.4:33
Moon seta '• 11:27 p. m.
B Time . Time] Time Time
p ._ Ft. ■■ Ft.' ■ Ft. ~ r— Ft
o*HW LW •■ H.W L W v
17/ 4:21 5.1 10:03 -2.4 3:44 r 4.3 fi:67 1.0
18 5:00 6.3 11:11 2.0 5:0(1 4.0 10:52 1.4
19 5:41 5.5 12:14 1.3 0:30 3.9 11:40 1.8
20 0:28 .5.8 1:18 0.0 7:5. r > 4.0..... .....
.. L<W r H W L W H,W :
21 0:44 . 2.1 7:15 ,'6.0 2:14 —0.1 ft 07 4.1
22 1:40 -2.4 8:02 ; 6.31 3:07 10:10 '4.5
2S 2:35 2.6 8:50 • 6.6| 4:00|— l.ljll:02 j 4.7
[ '/ NOTE— In' the above exposition ot ; tho : tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; tho
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
gtvsn is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. * From. I Due.
Edith Seattle iDec. 17
J. S. Kirnball Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 17
Strathgyle..-. Hongkong v. San DlegoJDec*. 17
North Kork. . Humboldt Dec. 17
Empire...... Coos Bay Dec. 17
Washtenaw.'. Tacoma Dec. 18
Tucapel — ... Valparaiso & Way Ports Dec. 18
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports..... Dec. 18
Czarina: Seattle & Tacoma Dec. IS
Sequoia Grays Harbor ......... Dec. 18
Eureka Humboldt , Dec. IS
Titania Nanaimo Dec. IS
Tellus... • Oyster Harbor Dec. IS
Arcata — .". . . Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Dec. 19
Progreeo Seattle ..Dec. 1£
Hyadea...... Seattle Dec. 19
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Dec. 19
San Juan.... Panama & Way Ports. Dec. 19
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 19
Corona. ;,-;%•; Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 19
Point Arena. Point Arena Dec. in
Aztec Tacoma , . Dec. 20
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria.... Dec. 21
Asuncion Tacoma . . .' Dec. 21
Santa Barb.. San Pedro Dec. 21
XV. Kruger... San Pedro* Dec. 21
l'omona Humboldt Dec. 21
State of Cai.. San Diego & Way Ports Dec. 22
City of Puebl Puget Sound Ports Dec. 23
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Dec. 25
Santa Ana..: Seattle & Tacoma...... Dec. 25
Rainier. ..... Seattle & N. Whatcom. Dec. 25
Nlcarla Hamburg & Way Ports. Dec. 25
Herodot ...... Hamburg '& Way Ports. Dec. 26
Curacao ! Mexican Ports Dec. 27
Australia.... Tahiti ..'. Dec. 27
\ : . .TO SAIL. ; . .
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
December ' 18. j
G. Dollar. .' Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Mandalay. . Coquille River. ..... 10 am Pier 2
Walla Wai. Pugef Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier S
Iaqua Humboldt 4 pm Pier
Pomona.... Humboldt ..l:30pPier 0
State of Cal San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
; December 19.
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier £4
Newburg... Grays Harbor B pro Pier S
Empire.... Coos Bay :.. Bam Pier 13
Peru China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
December 20.
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier "2
. ■ December 21.
"W. Kruger. Tillamook Bay ..... 5 pm Pier 13
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma... 5pm Pier 8
Arcata..... Coos Bay & Pt. Orf'd 12 m Pier 13
Corona Newport & Way.... 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Sequoia. . . . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
J. Kllmba.ll . Seattle & Tacoma ... 10 am Pier 2
, December 22.
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. Dam Pier 11
Rival Willapa Harbor .... 3 pm Pier 2
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
December il.'S.
Leelanaw.. N. Y. via Panama.. 2pm Pier 10
Tucapel.... Valparaiso & Way.. 12 m Pier 10
December 26.
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
December 27.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11am Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. • I Salb.
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 18
City of Topek. Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 21
•Dirigo Skagway &"Way Ports. Dec. 22
Excelsior. . . . I Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. IDec. 23
Cottage City. I SKaguay & Way Ports, j Dec. 31
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlo Office, TJ. S. N. Mer
chants' exchange, San Francisco,' Cal..
December 16, 1901.
. The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian,' or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
—. W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant TJ. S. Navy. In Charge.'
NEW ADVEETISEMENTS.
JJUSCAMiEi) "HAIR TONICS."
Most Hair. Preparations Are Merely
Scalp Irritants, of No Value.
Most hair preparations are merely scalp
Irritants, miscalled hair tonics. When
hair is brittle, lusterless and begins to
fall out, the dandruff germ is getting In '
its deadly work at the root, sapping I the
vitality. Since science discovered that
dandruff is a germ disease there has been
only one preparation put on the market
that will entirely destroy the dandruff
germ, and that la Newbro's Herpicide. ; It
allays . i itching . Instantly, destroys \ the
germ; and then falling hair stops; and
hair grows luxuriantly. Ask .your drug-
gist for Herpicide. It; allays itching in-
stantly; makes hair grow.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
To-ilght and Every Evening This Week,
MINNIE -SELIGM AN
..America's .Greatest Emotional Actress,
v • • In Victorien Sardou's Powerful Play, "
"DIPLOMACY,"
The Biggest Hit of. « Last Season at' Charles
;Frohman's. Empire Theater, ; New York. ■',.,
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c, , 25c, 60c, 75c.
.Good Orchestra' Seat All Matinees 25c. ,
Next Week— MINNIE SELIGMAN.in "CAR-
MEN." ■=.■- -. : '■ ■■'-■ '.'.'-"•■ ' ■•- :■-. -.. .'.
Pf^rHFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE;
- • MME. CHARITY MARTIN; O. - S. Wanrell;
Mullalyr Sisters;. Paloma Quartette; Stanley
and .Walton: DeminK and Carroll; -Ivan Tre-
poka, and Hinrichs' Orchestra. Reserved Seats,'
20c. Matinee, Sunday.': :, . ■ ■
dHIHHS9i§9fflBBE9£&^Hi
VU BbU Hi 19 1 #% lEADJSG TKEATHf
LAST O NIGHTS— MATINEE SAT. .
EVERT NIGHT (INCLUDING SUNDAY).
America's Foremost Comic Opera Comedian,
JEFFERSON DEANGELIS.
In the Enormously Successful Operatic Novelty.'
A Royal Rogue.
By Chas. Klein and "Wm. T. Francis.
TWO WEEKS. BEGINNING
NEXT MONDAY. December 23,
MARY MANNERING
IN— •■
JANICE MEREDITH.
SEATS GO ON SALE THURSDAY.
Prices— $1 80, $1. 75c, 50c. 25c.
VAUDEVILLE AT HIGH TIDE!
Mr.; and Mrs. Gardner Crane, Mr. and
Mrs. Walter E. Daves' M«rry
.Manikins, Hose and Jeannettc,
■i Norwood Brothers, Sherrie Mat-
thews, Noma Whalley, Sam Mar-
ion and William McCart, Flo Irwln
and Walter Hawley, Dumond's
Parisian Minstrels, The Biograpli.
Reserved Seat*. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, BOc. >
Belasco & Thall, Managers.
A WINNER ALL THIS WEEK.
The Sparkling Farce-Comedy,
"THE GAY MR,
LIGHTFOOT."
iV>v:1-.'. ; Flist Time in This City.
Seats on sale six days in advance.
• . Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES — 15c, 25c, 35c, 60c and 75c.
NEXT— Christmas Week, Don't Do Anything
Till You See
"CHARLEY'S AUNT."
Truth Is Mighty and Must Prevail.
AN ARTISTIC PERFORMANCE.
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
THOMAS JEFFERSON
Presenting on a Grand Scale
RIP VAN WINKLE.
Assisted by a Carefully Selected Company.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
Chas. H. Yale's Everlasting
DEVIL'S AUCTION
Matihees Christmas Day and Saturday.
SEATS THURSDAY. .
•
Evenlnzs at 8 Sharp. . . v
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
AN OVATION ACCORDED TO THE
TIVOLI COMIC OPERA COMPANY
In Ferris Hartman' s Merry Extravaganza,
Little Red
Riding Hood
To-Nlght— "Commercial Travelers' Night"
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c.
. ' . Telephone Bush 9. ■
BE IAS CO *"*> 7HA&CSjfojrfM£
jjygjLJf City HAAM
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
HERE'S WHERE YOU LAUGH.
The Funniest Farce on Earth.
MULDOON'S
PICNIC
Songs, Medleys, Dances, Eccentric Acts and
All Kinds of Wholesome Amusement.
pntrpc .Evenings....: .10c to 50c
I HIvL J Matinees 10c, 15c. 25o
Next Week— "SILVER KING." . .
SB & ESI Ksf m & EbI ■*■ vHh Bb 8
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near: Eighth. "
GAMES AT~2:30 P. M.
EVERY THURSDAY. SATURDAY AND SUN-
DAY.
MORE EXCITING THAN BULL FIGHTING.
THE GREATEST GAME OF THE AGE.
ADMISSION 25c AND 50c.
ggjl^, RACING
Jjlj^^*** Every Week Day—
ykr ■ : ■ Rain of Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
■ OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30, 2, 2:80 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. Alt trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electric
cars fro direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.^Presldent.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr. ,~ ■■':'■
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL,
CAT URDAY, DEC. 21, 3 P, M.
ANGELUS
PIANO-PLAYER
RECITAL.
'Admi.«sion free, but to prevent overcrowding
of the Hall tickets should pe procured at Sher-
man. Clay & Co.'s Music Store, Kearny and
Sutter ets. ■-:-...
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
betels is the wholesale and rr.anu-
.- Jacturers" district— on the ether re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices. : banks and the-
aters. Street cars to -all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass tho entrance. •
American and European plans.
. , AD'STEBTISEMSNTS. .-
- - .i > „ .— . . . : -. .■..»■■»«.
BIENNIAL STATEMENT
The Hibernla Savings & Loan Society
]i| ADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH AN ACT
*»*■. of the State I^eslslature. passed Miirch 23.
1S33. and hereto annexed, to wit:
The People of the State of California, rep-
resented In Senate and Assembly, do enact as
follows:
Section 1. The Cashier or Secretary cf every
Savings Bank, Savings and Loan Society and .
every Institution In which deposits of, money
are made and interest paid thereon, shall,
within .fifteen days after the 1st day of De-
cember. In the year one thousand eight hundred
and ninety-three, ami within fifteen days of
the 1st. day of of each and every
second Fucce«dins year thereafter, return to
the Board of Bank Commissioners a sworn
statement, showing the amount standing to his
credit, tho last known place of residence or
pestof flee address, and the fact of 'death. If
known to said Cashier or Secretary, of every
depositor who shall not have made a deposit
therein or withdrawn therefrom any part ot
his deposit, or any part of the interest thereon,
for the period of more than ten years next
preceding: and the Cashiers and Secretaries o*
such Savings Banks, Savings and Loan Socie-
ties and institutions for deposit of savings
shall give notice of these deposits in one or
• more newspapers published in or ■ nearest to
the city, city and county or town whore such
banks are situated at least once a week for
four successive weeks, the cost of such • pub-
lications to be paid-rro rata out of said un-
claimed deposits: provided, however, that this
act shall not apply to or affect the deposit
made by. or in the name of any person known
to the said Cashier or Secretary to ba living,
any deposit which, with tne accumulations
thereon, shall be less than firty dollars.
Section I. The Board of Bank Commissioners
shall Incorporate in their . subsequent report
each return which shall have been made to
them, as provided in Section 1 of this Act.
Section 3. Any Cashier or Secretary of either
of the banking Institutions mentioned In Sec-
tion 1 of this Act neglecting or refusing to
make the sworn statement required by said
Section 1 shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.
In accordance with tho foregoing the follow-
ing statement is fsjbmttted. as appears from
our books at close of business on the 6th day
of December, A. D. 1301. to wit:
Name — Address. Amount.
Aguiar. Laura Q 417 Pacific «t..
a. f tiia n
Anderson, Bernhard North Pacific
Hotel, corner ■■ < T-.'.
Jackson and '
Drumm sts.
S. F . 324 M
Barrett. Milton Bodie. Cal 555 8»
Bettencurte. Manuel de
. S 418 Drumm st.,
S. F 51 S3
Brady, P. F .San Francisco.
Cal 2T15O
Bryson, Mary 223 Beale st..
S. F no «t
Buckley, Michael Mendocino. Cal 313 M
Burke, Ann 223 Sixth St.. S.
F J S3 60
Callahan, Jerry Western Hotel.
Cardenos, Jennie Menlo Park,
San Mateo,
Cal 63 C5
Cavanagh. John 744 Mission St.,
8. F 1.188 «9
Clark. Bridget San Francisco,
,Cal 50 83
Corbett. Richard Tucson. Ari-
zona Terri-
tory 5,453 30
Daly, Bridget A. San Francisco,
Cal 52 90
Daly, Maria San Francisco,
Cal 63 93
Delaney. Stephen San Francisco,
Cal : 199 40
Doherty. Mary San Jose. Cal. 100 11
Donahue. J. Mervyn. .. San Rafael. Cal 909 60
Donovan, John ; 418 Stevenson
St., S. F 641 U
Dunn, Alice .'.1824 Eddy St., •
8. F 1,059 64
Dunsford, John Howard st.. bet.
5th and 6th.
S. F 55 04
Edward*, Thomas M.. San Mateo, Cal 75 JO
Krlcson, August 228 Pacific st,
S. F 137 9>
Foster, James W Care Frank
O'Ntall.
Wick ham.
• • » ■ Newcastle, N.
* S. W.. Aus-
tralia 179 13
Galney. Elisabeth M... 141 4th st.. S. F M 03
Graham. James Truckee, Cal.. 337 28
Green, Mary Kureka. Nev.. 372 25
Herod. George 32 2d st. S. F. 63 OS
Heaslon. Patrick... IS Natoma st,
Hlgglna, Owen C Lime Point, Cai m 94
Hogan. Thomaa. ....... Steamer Pell-
can •••.•••••*. US 10
Hubert, N ..San Francisco',
Cal 58 o
Ingemanson. Jons 238 Steuart st.
Knster. Anna B Brooklyn." Call 574 »
Lawlor. Thomas "American Ex- 4Z
;:• / x' change Ho~
Lynch, Cornelius 928 C l5th st, s". W
Manchen, Ella 318 Kearny"st*I " W
Matthews. John YVldeway,"Eaat * 239 * 9
,„ „ ,, • Berkeley, Cal 197 tl
Mellor, Henry 23 Natoma st.
Moloney. Michael Humboldi'Hol ™ M
ten 15th St..
• near Mission
Moony, Mary Ann 632 Natoma Vt. \ *** "
' 8. F.... i,37« 33
Muir, Mary or David San Jose, Cal. 57 07
Mulholland. James '.'..'. 4th & Towns-
end »ts.. 8. '
F 1 192 21
Murphy, Thomas Portland. Or.. 1045 03
McCauley, Henry Egan Canon,
Nev. 58 30
McGauley. Stephen ...«6 Tehama st..
S. F 143 3S
McGrath. Bridget K Folsom at.,
S. F 537 y
McKeand, Alex "New Atlantic
Hotel." 20:
Montgomery
ave.. S. F.... 175 90
McKinnon, M. C Volcano. Ama-
dor Co., Cal. 2 477 01
McQuald, Kate 152 Minna st ,
S. F. 76 24
McTlmpany, John 117 Drumm st
8. P 65 73
Norton, Thomas B21 Mission St.,
S. F -152 21
O'Brien, Denis ...Point Reyes,
/ Cal im ij
O'Connor, Maria ......2015 Mission st,
8. F 194 17
Olsen, Andrew 12 Jackson st.,
*"• 1- S. F. 2D« 78
CNeilL Ann 18 Clara st.,
S. F. 499 94
O'Nell, Mary Alameda Point,
■ Cal 76 82
O'Reilly. Elizabeth 7« Harrison
St.. S. F 102 S3
O'Reilly. Farrell J 7« Harrlsoc
st, S F 51 40
Pevide, ; Antonio da
Costa 313 Drumm st,
S. F 34s 5a
Plover, Patrick San Francis-
co, Cal Sl« 38
■ t .... TV a s hlngton
Ray nor, Henry square West
Reflly.John ifi* Mc^ " 51
mitt. Nev 260 03
Bichter. Otto 22 Turk st.
S. F. 58 45.
Samuelson, Edwin ....13 Howard st.
S. P 537 2T
Sheehan, John 315 Bryant st.
S. F is3 si
Sllvera, Manuel L lls Jackson st..
S. F. 843 IS
Stempel, Ed-ward. 318 Fulton St.,
S. F. .-.:..... 332 9«
Sullivan. Patrick ......12 8th st. S. F 72 91
Sullivan, Timothy San Francis-
co, Cal 333 96
Thingler, Janette San Francis- •
co. Cal 74 93
Tucker, Tecla T*. guar-
dian of Augustus • , 1
Temple (a minor).... 14 Dupont *t,
S. F. 610 S3
Turley, Catherine Care Mrs.
Doyle. 27th st..
S. F. 280 38
"Whlppey. George F.... Salt Lake
City. Utah.. 982 SS
Total ...J31.220 03
State ot California.
-City and County of San Francisco — sa.
I do solemnly swear that I have a personal
knowledge of the matters contained In the
foregoing statement, and that every allegation,
statement, matter and thing therein contained
is true, to the best of my knowledge and belief.
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th
day of December. 1901. GEO. T. KNOX,
Notary Public In and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
DR. HALL'S KEINYIGORATORpnraga
Stops all losses In U hours. Five M5JTs$E9
hundred reward for any case we HI sjbjki
cannot cure. This secret remedy U w
cures Emissions. Impotency, BIS Hfi
Varicocelo, Gonorrhoea, Gleet. f7?fl HttTi
Strictures, Draina. Lost Man- UlUI UXj
hcod and nil other wasting ef- Kj?J f.< . 1
fects of self-abuse or excesses. N**a»»3Oi
Sent sealed. 12 bottle: 3 bottles. $5: guaranteed
to curs any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 832 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073V&
Market St.. S. F. Send for free book.
— '—. — ; — ■■ —
Weekly Call. $1 Der Tear
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARt OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and Domestic Exchange higher.
Wheat continues to sag. Barley quiet.
Oats very firm, Corn weakening and Rye steady.
Bran and Middlings steady to Urm. Corn products weak.
Hay in ample supply and steady.
Beans and Seeds inactive and unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables steady..
Three cars of Eastern Poultry in. Turkeys very dull.
Game in liberal receipt and lower. - ij. : [j
Orange auction season opens with six cars offefed.
Dried Fruits in good demand, with Prunes and Raisins leading.
No furtlicr change in Provisions.
Hogs very firm, with diminishing receipts. X c .
Liverpool Salt scarce and higher.
Light trading in local stocks and. bonds.
Canned Goods in England. <■
The London Grocers' Cfcpette of November
50 Bays: ••Dullness prevails in every depart
ment of the canned goods market, and. as far
as first-hand transactions are concerned, for the
6eason. apparently good throughout the coun
try Cal'foroia fruits continue to be entirely
neglected. In Liverpool canned goods have
been quiet in consequence, no doubt, of many
cf the buyers being engaged In dried fruit. Sal
mon continues, however, in good inquiry, with
« large consumptive demand. Prices are
Bteady."
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail advices from New York say:
"The advance In the coast market for
prunes, begun some weeks ago. continues, prices
lor large sizes Santa Claras being about %c
higher yesterday, at a 3«ic basis f. o. b. Cali
fornia, and not many offerings being heard cf
at that figure. A few Jots of pother sizes. In
cluding tome 70-SOs and 90-lOOs. it is under
stood, may eti'.l be obtained at the same basis,
but the general asking price is now 3%c. Few
Sonomas are offered. On epot prices are un
changed, but firm, with good steady deman.l
and stocks light. Raisins are still unsettled,
the Seeding combine, on the coast not haying
made nrices on seeded or loose up to a late
hour \ -.-sterdaj-, although expected to do to
during the day. The situation, however, shows
unusual strength, high quotations being looked
for by ihe trade generally. The prevailing be
lief is that the figures for. seeded will be b%c
ooast for choice and 7c for fancy, but some
who as a rule are among the best posted In
the market as to coast movements predict i%c
for fancy. Outside California seeders appear
to be all at sea. a prominent outsider who
on Monday named quotations of 6%c and 7c
for seeded and 4>-ic. 5c and 6%c on loose mus
catels -R-ithdrawlne all 'prices awaiting the
turn of things on the coast, but holders
very firm at 5%c for 3-crown loose and 7%t
for fancy seeded.
'•Currants are firm and fairly active, mostly
in a small way. Figs are scarce and strong,
with continued cood demand. Bags are prac
tically exhausted. Peaches and apricots quiet
but Kt?ady. Evaporated apples Ehow good ac
tivity in ' a jobbing way. Sicily filberts are
exceedingly scarce, the few here being held
lrom fli^SlOc. Further lots, expected daily.
offer at "9c. Naples walnuts are "very scarce
cnO firm at ll'.ic."
Weather Report.
fl2Cth Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRAXCISCO, Dec 16 — 5 p. m.
The followins are the seasonal rainfalls to
flate as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfalls In last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 00 16.01 18.27
Bed Bluff 00 9.C6 8.62
Sacramento 00 5.98 . 7.46
San Francisco 00 5.80 6.83
Fresno 00 2.17 6.22
Independence 00 1.34 2.30
San Luis Obispo 00 4.56 1O.2O
Los Angeles 00 2.46 6.^9
Can Diego 00 -'7 I-' 3
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
KJ. minimum 43. mean 48.
The follcwin? maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Bostcn, 14, 12; Cincinnati. 6. 2; Washington,
34 14- Jaokson\-ille, 54, 32: Kansas City, 18,
10- New York. 40. 28; Omaha, 14. zero; Du
luth. —^ —12: Salt Lake City. 28. 20: Chicago.
Kero. — t: St. Louis. 10. 6; Philadelphia, 3S, IS.
THE COAST RECORD.
g Kg O » .5
3 Hg j?3 a? :?£ 3
station-s. 3 |||3 |» I
<? . : g : 3 » .-» » -
: • • ; 1 3
Astoria :;0.56 30 12 NE Pt Cldy loo
Baker o0.40 40 34 NE Cloudy .00
Carson 30.54 f>2 16 E Clear .00
Eureka 30.38 50 36 NW Clear .00
J-resno ao.30 54 28 NW Clear .00
■Flagstaff :;0.3S 48 10 SE Clear I -00
Pocntello. Ida.:W.46 24 E Clear - .00
Independence.. 30. 24 66 3+ XW Clear .00
Los Angeles. -.30.18 70 30 W Clear .00
Phoenix 30.20 82 28 SW Clear- .00
Portland 30.40 40 38 N Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 30.32 58 32 SE Clear .00
Roseburg 30.42 38 30 NW Cloudy .00
t~acramento...30.32 64 34 NE Clear ■ .00
Salt Lake 30.52 34 18 SE Clear .00
San Francisco.30.30 52 44 SW Clear .00
S. L. ObiEpo...30.22 *JS 30 NW Clear .00
San Diego 30.14 C4 46 NW Clear .pO
Seattle ....30.48 40 32 N Cloudy .00
Fpokane 50.48 34 22 N Cloudy .00
>.eah Bay 30.42 42 40 SE Cloudy .00
V.al'.a Walla.. 30. 52 28 24. SW Foggy .00 1
■\Vinnemucca..S0.54 44 12 NE Clear .00!
Yuma 30.16 C8 34 N Clear .00 '
S*.n Francisco temperature 7 a. m., 48 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
', ;; FORECAST. . .. .
The pressure has fallen elowly along the
coast of Southern California and there has
been a slow rise in temperature over Nevada.
Arizona and California. There are no indica
tions as yet of the approach of a disturbance
at sea, but a mail message from Honolulu In
dicates the existence of a depression north
east of the islands.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
houi-s ending midnight, December 17. 1901:
Northern Cailtornia — Fair Tuesday; light
northeast winds; not Quite so cold.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; warmer;
light northeatt winds.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday; light northerly
tiku Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
light northerly winds; not so cold.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nczu York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. Dec. 16— There was no re
newal of ths pressure of liquidation in the
stock market to-day, but there was manifest
hesitation about undertaking any operations
for an advance. A handful of stocks were ad
vanced by professional operations in a seeming
attempt to induce a following and to influence
the general market. The evidently easier con-
Cition of the mvney market encouraged this
movement, but the fear of a recurrence of
stringency and the unsettling influence of the
renewed weakness in Amalgamated Copper xii»
couraged its extension. Amalgamated Copper
started downward from the opening momen
tarily to "* above Jast week's closing. It-grav
itated for the retTV>f the *■>•■ with only slight
rallies to the low. point at <il%, where it
closed. The fluctuations in the stock were not
violent and traders described its action as a
fall of its own weight, without any apparent
artificial pressure. The net loss is 3%. It is
taken for granted that the renewed decline
foreshadowed a reduction In the dividend on
Thursday, as the disbursement of dividends by
a subsidiary company is tied up by injunction
Th* rate of dividend is expected by speculators
at all the way from 1 per cent quarterly down
to passing It entirely. Fears are professed also
that the cut in the selling price of raw copper
made last week Is a preliminary to further
cuts and to a war of rates. It was worthy of
remark that in London the price of futures
dosed higher than for spot, for the first time
elnce the first week In October. The -prospect
of the unsettling influence of mystery and un
certainty over the Amalgamated dividend rate
until its actual declaration was sufficient In
lteelf to discourage activity in the general
market. The, strength of • the Saturday bank
etatement is entirely ■■ due • to the speculative
liquidation which took place last week. ,■ To
expand immediately the loan account of the
banks would threaten, it is feared, a recur
rence of stringent money. Rumors of dangers
narrowly averted last week helped to prevent
imprudence. Last week's loan contraction was
well distributed among the banks. . showing
imprudence.- Last week's loan contraction was
accountable for it. The condition of the world's
markets was easier all around to-day. The
only stocks whose strength was conspicuous
were New York Central. Manhattan, St. Louis
and San Francisco, Long Island, the Iowa Cen
trals, Rubber Goods preferred and Colorado
Fuel. Their gains were all curtailed in sympa
thy with the late weakness in Amalgamated
Copper. Net changes generally are narrow.
The bond market was dull and irregular. To
tal sales. $1,755,000.
United States refunding 2s advanced % and
the 5s coupon Yt per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 16.200 77% 76 7b»B
Atchison pfd 0,000 99 USVs 98%
Baltimore & Ohio.. . l,»00 101% 100% 100*^
Balto & Ohio pfd.. 200 95 l>4- 8 95
Canadian Pacitic... 1,200 112% 112V» 112
Canada Southern .. 1.100 86% 85Va 85%
Chesapeake & Ohio 2,500 . 40 45% 45%
Chi & Alton 200 33?i 33*1 33^
Chi & Alton pfd... 400 77 £ 77. 77*4
Chi Ind & Louis... 200 40» 4 46% iiiyj
Chi Ind & Louis pf 74
Chi & Eaet 111 100 134% 134% 135
Chi & Gt Western. 2,700 .24- - 23% 23%
Chi & Gt W A pfd 65Va
Chi & Gt W B pfd. 1,900 45% 44% 45fc,
Chi & N W ... 700 199% 199% 138
Chi Rk Island & P. 1,200 149% 147y 4 1«»4
Chi Term & Tran 15%
Chi Term & Tr pfd 200 29 - 29 29'/i
C C C & St Louis. 100 97% 97% 96V*
Colorado Southern. 9O0 13% 13% 13 C
Colo South let pfd. 100 56% 5«% 56
Colo South 2d pfd. 100 25% 25% 25
Delaware & Hud.. 500 171V* 170% 1TO£
Del Lack & West 244
Den & Rio Grande. 100 43 43 42%
D & R Graide pfd. 400 93% 93 Wi Vi
Erie 7.3O0 S9% 38% SsT*
Erie 1st pfd 1,900 71% 70'^ 70%
Erie 2d pfd 1,000 55& b\% WMi
Gt Northern pfd... 400 183% litiy. 1S2
Hocking Valley.... 1,200 63>A 62% C2
Hocking Val pfd... 1,200 81% 81% 81
Illinois Central 500 137 137 137
Iowa Central „... 200 38 S8 35%
Iowa Central pfd.. 900 72% 70 70%
Lake Erie & West 65
L Erie & West pfd 120
Louis & Nashville. 3,300 105 104% 104%
Manhattan Elevat.. 32,300 135% 132 134%
Met. Street. Ry 5.400 J 160%. 158 15U .
Mexican Central... m 200 22% 22% 22%
Mexican National.. * 100 13% 13% 13%
Minn & St Louis 107
Missouri Pacific .. 13.100 103% 102 103%
Mo Kan & Texas.. 200 25% 25% 25
Mo Kan & Tex pfd. 200 50% 50% 50%
New Jersey Central 179
New York Central. 16,000 1C5% 162 164%
Norfolk & Western 3,600 55% 54% 55
Norf & West pfd.. 100. 91% 91% 91
Northern Pac pfd 99 Vi
Ontario & Western 3,100 38% 32% 32%
Pennsylvania 15.500 147k, 140 146%
Reading .......... 23,400 47% 46% 47%
Reading 1st pfd.... 1.000' 79% 79 1 /* 79^
Reading 2d pfd (5.100 07% 66% 67
St L & San Fran.. 7,700 > 54% 52% 64
St L & S F 1st pfd 79
St L & S F 2d pfd. SOO 71% 71 71%
St Lous S W 400 27% 27% 27
St Louis S W pfd.. 67%
St Paul ■ 35.600 160% 158% 159%
St Paul pfd 100 188 188 188
Southern Pacific .. 10.300 68% 57% 67%
Southern Railway.* 4,800 32% " 31% 32%
South Railway pfd • 800 91% 91 91
Texas & Pacific 300 . 38 37% 37%
Tol St L & -W...... - 600 • 18% 17% 17%
Tol St L & W pfd. 300 32 31% 31%
Union Pacific ..... 47.400 99% 98% 98%
Union Pacific pfd. 1.000 88 Vi 87% 87%
Wabash 10.000 22% 22 V* 22%
Wabash pfd .. 7.300 42% 42 41%
Wheeling & L E 18%
W & L E 2d pfd 28
Wisconsin Central. 100 20% 20% 20
Wis Central pfd... -600 41 40% 40'
Express Companies— .
Adams ............ ..... .... .... 190
American 195
United 6tates .... 89
Wells Fargo .... .... 180
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 109,900 65% 61% 61%
Amer Car & F ,400 30% 29% 29%
Amer Car & K pfd. 4OO ■ 85Vi 84% 85%
Amer Linseed Oil. .... 17
Ame»- Lin OH pfd. 46
Amer Smelt & Ref. 2,300 44% 43% 43%
Amer S & Ref pfd. 200 97 - 96% 96%
Anaconda Min Co.. 3,800 29% 28% 29Vi
Brooklyn Rapid T. . 9.000 63% 61% 62aJ
Colorado Fuel & I.". 1,000 88 85 87
Consolidated Gas.. 700 214% 213 214%
Continental Tob pfd 114%
General Electric... 2.000 282 279 278
Glucose Sugar .... 100 39 39 38%
Hocking Coal 200 15% 15% 15
International Paper .500 20% 19% 20
International P pfd 75
International Powr. 100 88% 88% KSV.
Laclede Gas .... 90
National Biscuit... 43
National Lead .... UiM
National Salt 32
National Salt pfd 61
North American.... 93%
Pacific Coast 200 • 73% 73% 73%
Pacific Mall 700 43 43 42%
People's Gas ...... 1,700 99% »gw ogit
Pressed Steel Car. 500 3» 38 V* 38 y.
Pressed Steel C pfd 1,000 81% 79% 80
Pullman Palace C. 200 211% 211% 211
Republic Steel 15
Republic Steel pfd 200 67 V4 67 66
Sugar :..:.... 10,800 121% 120 120%
Tenn Coal &.Iron.. 2.4O0. 61% 60 60%
U S Leather 1,500 11>| 11% n«
U S Leather pfd.. 300 80% 80% SO
U S Rubber...... 700 14 14' 13%
U S Rubber pfd.. .:... 49
US StM 27.200. 41% 40% 4C*i
U S Ste«-1 pfd 6.900 91 90% 90%
West-Union-.,. ,-. .. -2.000- «l - 80% 90%
Am Locomotive.... 1,200 31 ' 30% 30*t
Am Locomotive pfd - 400 87% 87% . 87%
Total sales.... 605.500 ' ~ c "
' CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg.-.:.108% L & N-uni 4s.. ...102%
Do coup' ...109% Mex Cent 4s 82
U S 3s r?g ...108% Do 1st Inc..'... 29%
Do coup ....:.. 108% Minn & St L 4s. .103
U S new. 4s, reg..l39% M K & T 4s 96%
Do coup ..139% Do 2nds .-81V4
U S old 4s.reg...lll% N Y Cent lsts...lOC%
Do coup 112% Do gen 3%s... .110
U S 5s reg..» 1O7V4 N J Cent gen 5s.. 131%
Do coup ...:.. .107% Nor Pac 4s 105
Atch gen 4s 102% . Do 3s 72»i
Do adj 4s 93% Nor & W con 4s. .102V.,
B & O 4s.: 102% Red gen 4s 98%
Do 3%s 90Vi S L & I M con os.117
Do conv '4a.. i. -.104 S L & S F 4s.... 9S
Canada So 2nds..lO8% S-L SW lsts..... 96
Cent of Ga 5s... 105% Do 2nds 7914
Do 1st Inc....".. 75 S A & A P 4s.... 90
C & O 4%s. 106% So Pacific 4s 91%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 86 So Railway 5s... .121
C B & Q new 4s. 07% Tex & Pac lsts.. 118%
C M & St P g 4s.Hl T S L & W 4s. . 81
C & NW con 7s. . .138% Union Pac 4s 105%
C R I & P 4s 106%' Do conv 4s... ..105
C C C & S L g 48.10.1 Tabash lsts 117
Chi Term 4s 88Vi Do 2nds 1133i
Colo & So 4s..... 88 Do deb B.;. 64Vi
D & R G 4S......103VJ .Vest Shore 4s 114
Erie prior Hen 4s. 100% W & L E 4s : or
Do gen 4s...... 89V4 WIs Cent 4s.."!" 90
F W & D C lsts. 104% Con Tob 4s..... R"«A
Hocking Val 4%s. 108% : "T*
NEW. YORK MINING STOCKS. •
Adams Con 20 1 Little Chief '. 10
Alice,...'..... 4.-. Ontario ........'."% 60
Breece 75 Ophlr gj
Brunswick Con .... 15 Phoenix • nu
Comstock Tunnel. . 06 Potosl ...... " - ' 01
Con Cal & Va 1 50 Savage .. !■-*'; oi
Deadwood Terra. . . 60 Sierra Nevada ' " ' 12
Horn Silver ...:.. 1 90 Small Hopes ;". 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard '3 45
Leadville Con 05 ......0*0
BOSTON . STOCKS AND BONDS. " .
Money— U S Steel ........ 404;
.Call loans ..4 @5 -Do prefd '.. 91
Time loans 4%@5 Westing com..... 73
Bonds — Mining —
Atchison 4s 101 Adventure .... 18
Gas lsts SO ' Allouez '.'. 4
Mex Cent 4s..... SO Amalgamated ... 61 «i
N E Gas & Coke. 67 Baltic ....... 34
1 • Railroads— r ;.- ' Blngham ..26
I Atchison......... 76% Calumet & Hecla. 610
Do. prefd .. 98% Centennial 12
Boston & Albany.250 I Copper Range^... 48
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL- TUESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1901.
Boston & Maine.189 Dominion Coal .. 47%
Boston Elevated.. 168 Isle Royal . .. 19V.
NV.NH&H..210 Mohawk 31*
Kitchburg prefd.. 144 Old Dominion ... 22>4
Union Pac «8% Parrot ... .... 28%
M ff Central 22ft Qulncy ..........145
Miscellaneous— Santa Fe Copper. 2%
Amer Sugar 120% Tamarack 235
Arner T &. T 161 Trlmountaln 33
Dominion I & S.. 25 Trinity ....". 13%
Gen Electric 279 United States ... 13
Mass Electric 32 J4 Utah 18%
Do prefd 91 " Victoria <. 5
N E Gas & Coke 5 Winona 1%
United Fruit .... 90 Wolverine 48%
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— Money on call was
easier at 2%@7% per cent; closing bid and
aeked, 3% per cent; prime mercantile paper,
4%@5 per cent. Sterling exchange was quiet,
with actual business in bankers' bills at
$4 S<%@4 87?4 for demand and at $4 S3U@
4 S314 for sixty days; posted rates, $4 83%@
i. 8^,***? «,,£* 4 87^ : commercial bills.
$4 S3%®4 83%. Bar silver, 55%; Mexican
dollars, 43%c. Bonds— Governments, strong;
States, Inactive; railroads, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, j Dec 16.— To-day* s j state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold in" the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $170,823,028; gold. $115,067,822.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— Commercial Adver
tiser's London financial cablegram, says: ' ■'
There was a buoyant outburst In the stock
market to-day, accompanied by brisk business,
which drove the bear contingent to cover all
around. Continued successes in South Africa
suggested- that the end of the war is- In sight.
Africans are booming and attention is diverted
from American stocks. Consols spurted %.
American shares broke with copper, which
touched £50 the ton and closed at £50 10s.
There Is a report here that Amalgamated
Copper officials intend to smash Mr. Lawson.
Rio Tintos were flat, at 40% and Americans
closed depressed.
CLOSING.
-Jf^P 01 *' ■ Dec « 16 -— Anaconda. 6; Atchlson,
J?#; d » Preferred. 100%; Canadian Pacific,
USX* '• ,P enve , r & Rio Gral »se, 44; do preferred.
95%; bar silver, firm, 25%d; money. 3@.J^;
r j2 rthe .f. n ., P *? lflc P^ferred. .102; Southern p£
ciflc. 59%; Union Pacific, 101%": Union Pa
cific preferred, 90. • •
New York Grain mid Produce
TORK - Dec - 16— FLOUR-Recelpts,
34,300 barrels: exports, 13,107 barrels Easy
WHEAT— Receipts, 73,150 bushels; exports,
96,750 bushels. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, 85%c
f. 0. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 83c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 84%c f. o. b. afloat; No.-l
hard Duluth.. 1)1% c f. o. b. afloat. Options
?i P< ;, n H ♦f teady t on hl Sher cables, but fell under
liquidation, closing weak at %c net decline.
March closed 85Hc; May, 84y 4 @S5Vic, closed
HOPS — Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 invoice.
6%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 7%@llc. Coffee
futures closed unchanged to 10 points higher
and the tone steady. Total sales, 35.500 bags,
including: December, $6 75; January. $0 25;
ail^l It 3 " ?7 15: JUly ' $7 ? 5: S6P:
S H£ AR T Raw> 8tea «3y: fair refining, 3 9-32c;
centrifugal, 06 test, 3?ic; molasses sugar
3 l-o2c. Refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4900 packages- firm
State dairy, 15@22>ic; creamery, 16©24^™ :
Ju 5?-^ eam . ery - I 5 @21%c: factory. i3@15%c.
_ EGGS— Receipts, 54C0 packages; firmer.
Western, at mark, 21@27c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— A fair run of
orders from exporters had a strengthening effecf
upon local sentiment in the market for evap
orated apples without changing -vaiuea. Of
ferings were light and at the close values were
tending toward a higher level. State, common
lU™anc^ 8 i0^10 D 2c me ' 9 ® 9 * C: CK ° 1Ce ' °^@
California dried fruits were quiet, but about
steady, at old prices.
PRUNES — 3% @7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark,. 9tf
PEACHES— Peeled, 12@19c; unpeeled. 7@
1073 c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. 16.— Wheat had a number
of bullish Influences' at: the opening, cables
were unexpectedly firm, marked decreases in
world's shipments and breadstuffs on passage
were reported and shorts were nervous. Prices
all around were better and outside markets
early showed a slight advance. This started
May %@%c to %@tfc higher at 80tfc to 80c.
Shorts covered freely and held prices here for
a time, but offerings were liberal, the selling
side seemed popular and In vlw of a heavy
visible eupply Increase there was a gradual
slump. Trade also was dull and uncertain
May declined to 79%c and closed weak <kc
..lower, at 79%@79%c. ' %
Corn started firm, but prices sagged in sym
pathy with the late wheat weakness. Busl-
JL?ff^?L dun - May closed weak, %c down, at
Oats followed corn. May closed %c lower at
44%c.
Provisions were very dull and weak in sym
pathy with grain. May pork closed 10c down
lard 2%c off and ribs 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Ooen. Hlch. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 76 76 75% 75U
May :. 80>4 80% 79% 79$
July 80 80% 79J4 79W
Corn No. .2 — .
December 64% 64% 63^4 63V1
May 67% 67% 66% 66%-
July 67% 67%, CC>4 66%
Oata No. 2— -^
December 44% 44% 44- 44'i
May :..-.* 45% 45% 44% 44%
i Ju i? •••»-i:--- S,* ' 39^ 38 & 38 %
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 16 50 16 50 16 32% 16 32%
May ..16 92% 16 92% 16 77% 16 80
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January 985 9 87% 9 82% 9 82%
May 9 00 9 02% 9 85 9 87%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 8 45 8 45 8 40 8 40
May 8 02% 8 65 8 57% 8 60
' Cash quotations were as follows : Flour, barely
steady; No. 3 Epring wheat. 73%@76c; No. 2
red. 79%®82c: No. 2 oats. 46@40%c;- No. 2
white, 48%@48*J4c; No. 3 white, 47V4@48'*ic;
No. 2 rye, 64%c; fair to choice malting bar
ley. 56@62c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 48; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 50; prime timothy seed,
$6 50; mess pork, per bbl, $15 30@15 40; lard,
per 100 lbs, $0 80© 9 85; short ribs sides (loose),
$8 :.5@8 45; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%
@7%c; short clear sides (boxed). $8 80@8 00;
whisky, basis of hlzh wines, $1 32; Clover, con
tract grade. $9 35/ y
Atticles — - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 45.000 • 25,000
Wheat, bushels 101,000 26,000
Corn, bushels 158,000 74,000
Oats, bushels ..237,000 172,000
Myc, bushels 23,000 1000
arley, bushels 91,000 ' 24,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creameries, 15@24c; dairies,
H$20c. Cheese, 9 1 / i@10%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 25@2(3c. '
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May.
Opening 61% 62%
Closing '.......... 6 1?6 c 2-)i
PARIS. •
Wh-sat — .' -V -*"• j Dec. Mar-June.
Opening , '..22 30 23 00
Closing 22 20 23 00
Flour — .
Opening 27 80 . 28 95 .
Closing.... 27 70- 29 00
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 16.— CATTLE— Receipts,
16.000; active and 10@25c higher. Good, to
prime. $0 25@7 65; poor to medium, $3 00®
6; stockers and feeders, $2@4 25; cows, $l@
4 60; heifers, $1 50@5;: eanners 1 , $1@2; bulls,
$1 15®4 50; calves, $2 50@5 23; Texas fed
steers, $4 60@5 40. .
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 48,000; to-morrow,'
35,000; left over. SOOO; opened active and 54;
10c higher: closed weak. 'Mixed and butch
ers'. $5.85@G 45; good to choice heavy, $6 25
#6 65; rough heavy. $5 90@« 10; light," $5&
6 90; bulk of sales. $5 80<g6 35. /-... .
SHEEP — Receipts, 16,000: sheep. 10@15c
higher; -lambs, 15©25c- higher. Good to choice
wethers. $3 75@4 50; fair to choice mixed, $2 80
@3 40; Western sheep, $3<g4; native,' lambs,
$2 50@5 75; Western lambs, $2@4. .
ST. JOSEPH. .
ST. i JOSEPH. Mo., Dec. . 16.— CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 1500; steady. Natives, $3 25@7. 25;
1 cows and heifers, $1@5 40; veals, $2 00@5 25;
bulls and stags, $2@5 25; stockers and feeders,
$2®4 25. • . ■■-■-• . r * ' "' "•
HOGS — Receipts 6500; best 5@10c higher;
light and light mixed, $5 50@6 -50; medinm and
heavy," $G 25@<$ 75; pigs, $3cgr4 75. . > .
. SHEEP— Receipts, 600; market steady.^ ;•'
New York Metal Market:
NEW' YORK. Dec. . 16.— Interesting features
were lacking in metals at home and abroad
to-day. Locally 'copper was without- change
and dull, with lake quoted at $15 37y£@15 62&
and casting at $15. At London the close was
easy, with a net loss of £1 10s, spot being
quoted at £50 10s and futures at £50 12s 6d.
Tin had a steady undertone at London and
finished the day 10s better, with spot quoted
at £110 and tutures • at £104 10b, while a
lower level was reached at New York and an
easier feeling prevailed at the close, which
was $24 70@24 75, without much business
bein~done.
Lead was dull and unchanged at London and
at New York, closing at £10 10s and $4 37%
respectively. . .
Spelter at London, however, was 2s 6d higher
and quoted at £16 12s Cd, while the New York
market was nominally unchanged at $4 45.
Iron was steady. Warrants, $10 50@ll 50:
No. 1 Northern foundry, $15 50@16; No. 2
foundry. Southern, $14 5O@15 50; No. 1 foun
dry, . Southern, $15 50@10; No. 1 foundry.
Sou therV soft. $15@17. „,,,,
Glasgow warrants > closed at 56s and Mld
dlesboro closed at 43% e. .
■ Available Grain Supply. .
NEW YORK. Dec. 16.— The visible supply
of grain Saturday, December 14, as compiled
by the New York Produce Exchange, , Is aa
follows: Wheat, 59,556,000; Increase, 4,116,000.
Com, 11,187.000; increase, 257.000. Oats,
6,742.000; decrease, 674,000. Rye, 2.638,000;
increase, 116,000. Barley. 2,858,000; increase,
49,000.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW ; YORK, .Dec. 16.— Cotton closed 4@f
points hl~her7"
NEW YORK. Dec. 16. — The Cotton Exchange
will be closed on December 25 and 20 and
January, 1. ■" . . f\
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. 16. — Consols, 93%; silver,
25%d; French rentes, lOOf 75c; cargoes pas
sage, buyers indifferent operators; cargoes No,
1 standard California, 30s; cargoes Walla Wal
la. 29s 6d: English country markets, quiet and
steady; imports into United Kingdom, wheat,
255,000; Imports into United Kingdom, flour,
227. COO; wheat and flour on pasage to United
Kingdom, 2.630,000; wheat and flour on pas
sage to Continent. 1.340,000: Indian shipments
wheat to United Kingdom, 47,000.
LIVERPOOL,' "Dec. 16." — Wheat,": firm; 'No. 1
standard California, Cs 3Ms<l@»5 s 4d : wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England, frosty. ■
COTTON — Uplands, 4%d.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 16.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 59@60c; bluestem. Clc; valley, COc.
WASHINGTON. ,. . .'
TACOMA, Dec. 16.— WHEAT— Quiet and un
changed; bluestem, 60c ;i club, 59c.
Portland's Business:
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 16.— Clearings, $710,
973; balances, $S2.839.'_
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver and Domestic Exchange are slightly
higher.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days..... $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables ...., — '4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07%
Silver, per ounce — 55%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 44% @ i-i%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Foreign markets came through
weaker, though Broomhall cabled bullish con
ditions in the Argentine and some of the Rus
sian provinces. The supply on passage to the
United Kingdom decreased 720,000 bushels
during the week. The world's shipments for
the week were as follows. In quarters: j Rus
sian, 233,000; Danublan, 147,000; -Argentine,
37,000; Indian, 47,000; Australian, 35,000. The
crop of Manitoba was officially stated to be
50,500.000 bushels of wheat and 28,000,000
bushels of oats, and Manitoba and the North
western provinces will have' 60,000,000 bushels
of wheat for export. ■ :, .
Chicago opened at S0%c, but fell back to
79%c. The opening was firmer on lighter re
ceipts in the Northwest, cold 'weather and
Broomhall's cables mentioned above. Minne
apolis reported the cash demand good, with
millers the best buyers. Later on the market
■weakened on the very large increase of 4,116,
000 bushels in the American visible supply, and
the bears hammered quotations down. New
York reported a better export demand for the
United Klnzdom and Continent.
This market was weak for shipping grades
and lower on call. .
Spot Wheat — Shipping, $1 02% ; milling,
$1 03%@l 06ft per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES. : '
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 4000
ctls, $1 ou%.
Second Session — May — 12,000 ctls, $1 00;
4000, $1 05%.
Regular ■ Morning Session — May— 2000 ctls,
$1 00; 32,000. $1 05%. •
Afternoon Session — No sales. ' ..
BARLEY — Trade is quiet at unchanged
prices, but there Is less demand and the feeling
is not as steady. Feed, -78%@80c- for choice
bright, 77%c for No. 1 and 72%@75c for oft
grades; brewing and shipping grades, 82%@85c;
Chevalier, 80c<g$l per cental.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — May — 2000 ctls, S0%c.
Regular Morning Session — December — 1000
ctls, 80c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Are firm, with higher prices bid for
black for local account. . The other descrip
tions stand as before. The Chicago market is
hesitating, and brokers are advising their cus
tomers to take their profits. Grays, $1 12%@
1 20 for feed and $1 20@l 25 for seed; whites,
$1 15@1 30; Surprise, $1 30@l 85; black, $1@>
1 12% for feed and $1 15@1 22% for seed; red,
$1 12%<&1 20 per ctl for feed and $1 20@l 30
for seed. . -
CORN — The market is slowly yielding In all
localities. At Chicago the early buying was
not sufficient to absorb all of the offerings.
All commission houses had selling orders, and
there was also selling pressure on account of
cash . conditions. Commission houses advised
their customers to take their profits. "
The San Francisco market" was weakened by
larger offerings of the new crop, and large yel
low was quoted lower. Large Yellow, $l 35@
1 37%; small round doi $1 35@1 45; white,
$1 35@1 42% per ctl. •
RYE — 75(&80c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 Co per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs. '
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 60, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 70@3 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers',
$2 75@3.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual' discount to the trade; Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 60; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $(i 85$
8 35; in, sacks. $« 50® 8; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 60 per loo lbs.
Hay and. Feedstuff s. '.
Bran and Middlings are . steady to firm, but
corn products are weak In sympathy with ' the
raw grain. There Is no change in Hay. as the
demand and supply about balance at the mo
ment. -
MIDDLINGS— $1S@19 '50 Der ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16<S)17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; job
bing. $28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20(&21; Corn
Meal. $31@31 50; Cracked Corn, $31 50@Jl';
I Mixed Feed," $1U@17. ■
HAY — Wheat, $<J@11;, fancy.' $11 50@12;
Wheat and Oat. $8@ll: Oat. $7@10; Barley
and Oat. $7@»; Alfalta, $S@9 50; Clover, $0®7;
Volunteer, $5 50@8; Stock. $5@7 per ton.
. STRAW— 30@47%c per bale, ,
, Beans and Seeds. \
• All^lescrlptlons under this head remain
abojit as . previously quoted. The demand for
Beans is small at the moment.
BEANS-^-Bayos. $2 30@2 40: Small White,
$2 75(&3 15; Large White. *2 80@3: Pea," $3 30
@4; "Pink. .$1 S0JI2 10; Red. $2 50@3; Black
eye, $3 60@3 (JO; Limas, $4 25@4 50; Red Kid
neys S3 50@4 per. ctl..- .■■• •'
■ SEEDS — Trieste Mustard. $3<$3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; . Flax, $2 50®2 75;. Ca
nary. 3^4@3%c for Eastern ;\ Alfalfa, from
Utah, 8%c; Rape. lM@l%c; Hemp, 3%c per Ib.~
DRIED PEAS^Nlles $1 90@2; Green. $1 73
<S2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Otiions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were large again, \. being
7356 sks. mostly from the river. Receipts of
Onions were 1771- sks.* 1 ' '
';. Potatoes remain about the same. There are^
not' enough river sweets coming In Ho quote.;
Onions in car lots are selling at $1 80@l' 90.
and In smaller quantities on the street as high
as $2. r Two cars of Merced Sweets came in.- "
i > Los Angeles Peas and Beans are arriving in
good condition and are firm at the compara
tively high prices. Some Llmas are expected
from Los Angeles shortly. The local product
has about disappeared. .
: Good Bay Tomatoes are selling well, but poor
stock is going as low a.i 25c per box. _
POTATOES— SOc^l 05 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@l 60; Ore
gon Burbanks. $1 15@1 60; River Reds, $1 50®
1 60: Sweets. 90c@$l for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 65@2 per ctl; Oregons, $l-75@2.
VEGETABLES— Green . Peas from Los An
geles, 5@8c; String Beans from Los Angeles,
.S&lOc; Limas, ; Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl:
Tomatoes, 50® 75c; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 25
@1 50; Dried Peppers, 10@15c per lb: Dried
Okra, 12%@20c per lb; Carrots, 25@35c per
sack; Cucumbers. 25@50c; Pickles, 2V.@3c per
lb for small and l@l%c for large; Garlic. 1%@
J%c;_ Green Peppers, 40@50c per box for Chili
and o0@G0c for Bell; Egg Plant from Los An
geles. per lb; Summer Squash from Los
Angeles, $1 50; Marrowfat Squash. $8@10 per
Jon: Hubbard Squash, $8@10; Mushrooms, 5<®
12M.-C per pound. -
Poultry and Game.
Three cars of Eastern were put on, selling
at $5 50 for Hens, $5 for old Roosters, $5 60@6
for young do, $4@4 50 for Fryers, $4 50 for old
Ducks, $7 for young do, $2 for Geese and 12%@
14c for live Turkeys. The latter were dull.
Local stock was In light receipt, as usual on
Monday, and the demand was poor, • especially
for dressed Turkeys, which were apparently
not wanted.
Arrivals of Game were 176 sacks, and the
market was somewhat lower.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 12%@15c; Live
Turkeys, 12%@13%c for Gobblers and 13@14c
for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75 1 Goslings,
*1 75@2; Ducks, $3 50@4 for old add $4 509
6 B0 for v young; Hens, $3 50@4 50; young
Hoosters, $4<g5; old Roosters. $3 50@4 50;
.Fryers, $4@4 50; Broilers, $404 50 for large
and ?3@4 for small; Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen
for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1;-Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for -Brush;
Mallard, $2@2 50; Canvasback, $2@3: Sprig.
$1 50@2- Teal, $1; Widgeon. $1@1 25: Small
Duck?, $i@i 05. Black Jack. $l@il 25; Eng
lish fcnlpe,.$2; Jack Snipe, $1 5o; Gray Geese.
$3 50; White Geese, $1 25; Brant, $1 50@2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@4 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
Continued cold weather is helping both But
ter and Eggs, and the feeling Is steadier, with
out, however, any improvement- in prices. In
fapt. the Exchange lowered its quotations for
store Eggs lc. There Is no scarcity in either
Butter or Eggs, . and dealers are still disposed
to keep the latter well sold up, as It is tob
late In the year to gamble on higher prices. 1
' There is. nothing new in Cheese..
Receipts were 21,500 pounds of Butter, —
pounds of Eastern Butter, 431 cases ofl Eggs,
——cases of Eastern Eggs, C300 pouhds of
California Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese. .
Creamery, 23<S25c per Ih for fancy
and 20@22c for seconds; dairy, 17%@21c; store
5 ut , ter> "©He per lb; Creamery Tub. 20c;
Pickled Roll. 18@19c; Keg, 16@18c per lb.
'CHEESE— New, 12c; old. 10%@ll%c; Young
A "i e *>. 13c per lb: Eastern. 13@15c.
™£?o GS ~T Ranch> 32 %@33c for selected large.
30@32c for good to choice and 27%@29c for
;> a J- r \r Store ' 24 @27%c per dozen; cold storage,
20(&Wc; Eastern, 20@2tic.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The first Orange auction of the season was
held yesterday, with offerings of 6 cars. The
fruit was not strictly choice, a good deal of
it being green. Had It all been ripe better
quotations would have been realized. <Fancy
S 1^]? b r° u Kht $1 10@l 70. good to choice do,
80c@?l 15; standards 65@90c and standard
seedlings, 40@60c. Grape Fruit, large sizes,
brought $1 90. , ■
There was no change in Oranges in the open
market. Stocks continued heavy. Lemons and
Limes also stood the same.
There were no berries received.
Five cars of Apples came in from Humboldt.
■A- car of fancy Newton Pippins from Oreg6n
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 ao@2 per box for extra, 75c®
$1 25 for good to choice and 25@60c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples, $1@1 25. :•
PEARS— Winter kinds. 75c@$2 50 per box.
QUINCES — i0@50c per box.
PERSIMMONS — 20@00c per box.
STRAWBERRIES — None In. 1
' BLACKBERRIES— None In.
RASPBERRIES— None In.
CRi-NBERRILS— Eastern. $10@ll per bar
rel: Coos Bay. $2 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c@$l
for standards. $1@1 25 for choice and $1 50@2
for fancy; Seedlings. 75c@$l 25: Tangerines.
75c@$l 25; Japanese Mandarins, 75c@$l 25;
Lemons, 50c@$l for common and $1 50Q!2 for
good to choice, and $2 50@3 for fancy; Grape
Fruit lfl@2 50; Mexican Limes, $3 50@4; Ban
anas, $1 75@2 75 per bunch for New Orleans
and 75c@$l 75 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Rauins.
Dealers report a good movement • in almost
everything under this head, with Raisins and
Prunes especially active and strong at lm
provins prices. • >
FRUITS — Apricots. 7®S%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 7@S%c; sun-dried. 3%@4%c:
Peaches, 0@7%c; Pears, 44j)8c ; Plums, pitted
4%@6c; unpltted, l@2c; Nectarines. 5©5%c for
red and 6%<&<iM>c ior white; Figs, 3@4c for
black andaffi3%c for white. •
PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows:
SO-40'8, 5V4@5%c; 40-50's.. 4%@5i / 4c; 60-60*8.
4%@4%c; 00-70's. 334@4l4e; 70-80's, 3«@3«i:
SO-OO's, 2%@3»4c; 00-loo"s, 2%@2?ic per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters—
Imperial. $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers — Three-crown
$1 35; two-crown. $1 25. Price per lb; Stand
ard loose Mu3catels — Four-crown. 5%c; three
crown,. 5 Vic; two-crown.' 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 5c; ■ Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless. 6%c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, »%c;
choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c; prime. 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's
Extra fancy, lie; fancy.. 10c; choice. 9c; stand
ard.-7%c: prime. 6%c. Fancy seeded. 7c
choice seeded. 6%c; do in bulk, fancy, 6?ic;
choice, 6%c per lb...
NUTS— Chestnuts, 10@12%c; Walnuts, No 1
softshell. 0%c: No.^2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c;
No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 11® 12c for papershell 9
@10c for softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, C@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12VaC-
Filberts, 12@12%c;. Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5. '
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 100
ll%c for light amber: water white extracted
6@6c: light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark. 4c
BEESWAX — 25@28c per lb.
Provisions. :
'% Chicago was lower on the day, the decline
being caused by the persistent selling of brok
ers. -• ' .' '■
The local market Js quiet and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium, 13%c for light
14%c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c ;. California
Hams, 12%c; Mess Beef, $10@10 60 per barrel
extra Mess, $11011 50; Family, 1 12@12 5o|
prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear, $22 50@23;
Mess, $18 50@19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per
P °LARb— Tierces quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll%c; 10-lb tins, 12V4c; 5-lb tin«,»l29«c;
a-lb tins. *2%c.
COTTOLENE^ — One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce. 9%c;.two tierces.
0%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, fallow, Wool and .Hops.
HIDES AND' SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. B%c;' Cow
Hides, 0%c'for heavy and 9@9%c for light;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal, U%c;
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, lG%c; Culls, 14c;
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Branda,
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool, 40@00c each; medium, 60@S5c; long
Wool, 80c<g;$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt,
$2 50@2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for medium,
$175 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 for me
dium. $1 25 for small and 60c for Colts. . Deer,
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, ■ 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c. - - .
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 6c per lb; No. 2,
4Vi®5c: grease, 3c. •
WOOL — Spring, 1000 ■■ to 1901 — Southern, de
fective. 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine.
13@15c; do, medium and coarse, Il@l3c; Ore
gon, Eastern: choice, ll@13c; do. fair to good,
D@llc; Nevada. 10@12c.
Fall — San - Joaquln. . 6%@8%c; San Joaquin
Lambs'. 7%@9c; Middle County. S@10c; North
ern Mountain, free. t)@10c; do. . defective, ■ &@D3
per lb.
HOPS — 0010c for fair and ll®12c per lb for
good to choice. ■ .
San Francisco Meat Market.
'"#- '. * * ' ■ ';"'■ *
Hogs opened the week firm at the advance
noted at the close of last -week,- with diminish
ing receipts. Otherwise there was nothing new.
Wholesale rales lrom slaushterera to uetucis
are as follows: , - . -.^,'
BEEF— 7@7%c: for Steers and 6®6%c per lb
tor Cows. . "
' VEAL— Large, 7@8%c; small, 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%®Sc; Ewe% 7c per lb.
LAMB— S«i8c per lb. . . *:
. PORK— Live hogs, from 150 to 230 lbs/ 6%c;
under 150,lbs, 5%c; sows, 20,per. cent ■ off;
boars, - 30 : per cent oft, . and stags, 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs
7@8%c. • ■ ■ . ■,
General Merchandise.
. GRAIN. BAGS-k:alcutta r Grain Bags, 7c: lo
calmake. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
32®35c; Fleece Twine, 7%©Se.
COAL— - Wellington,' $0 per ton; Southfield
Wellington. $9; Seattle $7; Bryant, $6 50: Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $8 50: Co-operative Walls
end, $8 50; Cumberland.* $12 in bulk and $13 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $15:
Cannel.$ll per ton: Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2CO0 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according
to brand. .
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20: Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
65c; raw, 63c; cases, 5c more; . Lucol. 56c for
boiled and 54c for raw in barrels ; Lard Oil.,
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases, 90c;
China Nut, 55@72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot.
ln-barrels.- 70c; -cases. 75c;- Sperm, pure, 65c:
Whale Oil. natural white, 40@45c per gallon;
Fish -Oil. barrels, S7%c; cases, 42%c: Cocoa
nut Oil, barrels,. C3%c for Ceylon and 58%c
for Australian. '
3 COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. In cases.- 20c; Astral. 20c:
Star, 20c: Extra Star. 24c: Elaine. 25c: Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; In
cases. 21 %c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c: In cases.
20Hc; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c; In
cases, 26V-ac. ,
TURPENTINE— 5SVic per gallon in cases
and 52c in drums and iron • barrels,
local use »nd $42®4!V for export.
LIVERPOOL SALT— Higgins" is scare and
higher at $30@32 50 per ton.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, B.SOc:
Powdered. 5.15c; Candy Granulated, 5.15c;
Dry Granulated, 5.05c; Confectioners' A. 5.03c;
Fruit Granulated. 5.05c; Beet Granulated. (100
lb bam only). 4.95c: Magnolia A. 4.65c; Extra
C. 4.55c; Golden C. 4.45c; D. 4.35c; barrels. lOo
more; half- barrels, 25c more: boxes, 60c more:
BO-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels, 5.55c; boxes. 5.80c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, DECEMBER 16.
Flour, qr sks.. 13.282 Hay. tons 55B
Wheat, ctls ....149,488 Hops, bales .... 17
Barley, ctls .... 60,544 Tallow, ctls ... 18
Corn, ctls .... 1,730 Lime, bbls .... 864
Shorts, sk 55 Hides, No. .... 442
Beans, sks..... 1,521 Pelts, bdls .... 4.T76
Onions, sks ... 1.771 Wine, gals .... 17,500
Potatoes, ska .. 7,102 Brandy, .gals .. 3,100
Middlings, sks. 1,325 Leather, rolls.. 83
Btraw, tons .... 38
STOCK MARKET.
There was a fair business on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, with an ad
vance in Gas and Electric to $45 12%. There
was some activity in Spring Valley Water at
$87 2o@87 50. Other fluctuations were narrow.
In the afternoon Contra Costa Water was
lower, declining to $74 25.
The oil stocks were quiet and featureless.
A . quarterly dividend at the rate of 6 per
cent per annum will -be paid by the California
Title Insurance Company on January 2.
The following were ex-dlvidend yesterday:
Contra Costa ' Water Company — Regular
monthly, 42c per share, amounting to
$20,500 92.
Port Costa Water Company — Regular month
ly, 30c per share, amounting to $1500.
Oakland Gas Light and Heat Company —
Regular monthly. U5c per share, amounting to
$7500.
Oakland. San Leandro and Hay wards Con.
Railroad Company — Regular monthly, 20c per
share, amounting to $1800. . .
Presidio Railroad Company — Regular month
ly. 20c per share, amounting to $2000.
Four Oil Company—^lc. ",
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
. . MONDAY, Dec. 1.6—2 p. m.
. • ■ . UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. , Bld.Ask.
♦a quar cp..H2%113% 4s qr c (new)139%140
4s quar reg.111%112% 3s quar coup.108% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CPC 5s. 108 V 4 100 Oceanic 5s.. — 105
Cal-st 5s.... 118% — Ombus C 68.130 —
C C Wat 5s.Hl — Pac O Ira 4s. — 96
EdL&PCs. — — Pk&C H 6s. — 113
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pk&O R 6a. 121 —
Geary-st 5s.. — . 100 Powl-st R 0s.ll8Til20
H C&S 5V4s., — — Bac EGR 5s. 05V. — .
Do 5s — 101 SK & SJV53. — 124
L Ang R 5s.ll8%120Vi Sierra Cal 6s — —
L A Lght 68.101& — S P of Ar 6a
Do gtd 68.100 — (1909) 113% —
1.D0 gtd 5s. — 105 (1910) — —
L A & P 5s. 99 — S P of Cal 6s
Do lem 5s. 101 103 (1905)Sr A.108 109
Mkt-st C 6s. 127% — (l»O5)Sr B.108% —
Do lem 5s.l21%122*4 (1906) .... — 111
N R Cal Cs. — 116 (1912) 120 —
Do 5s ....121%122Vi S P Cal 1st
N Pac C 5s.l07%108 c gntd Ss..llO —
N'Cal R 5s. 112% — S P BrCal6s.l36 —
Oak Gas 5s. 113 — • S V Wat 6s. 11191113
Oak Tran 6s. — 125fi Do 4s 102%103
Do 1st cSs.110% — Do 4s 3dm— 101&
Oak W g 53.104 105 Stkn Gas 6s. 102 —
WATER STOCKS. • -; - • ■
Contra Costa 73 75 I Port Costa.. 63% 68
Marln Co 58 — I Spring Vally. 87% 87%
GA3 AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% 2% 1 Pac Light... 45 — "
Eqt G L Co. 3% t [Sacramento . — 40
Mutual . — 5& S E.G & E.. 44% 45
OGL&H..51 — San Fran... 5& 6»6
Fac Gas Imp — 40 I Stktn G & E S —
. . - INSURANCE.
Flrem'B Fnd.242 — - I: .
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. — .81 L P & A — 170
California ..415, — Mer Ex (llq). 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.llO — S F Nationl.135 —
First Natnl.325 ' —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1925 2000 Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.315 —
Mutual Sav.. 66 — .1 Union Trst.1800 —
S F Sav U..525 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..149^155 Market ..... — &8V>
Geary — 60^ 'Presidio .... Zi —
POWDER.
Giant 83% 85 JVlgorit — 5
SUGAR.
Hana ' 3% — Kilauea .... 9# UV,
Hawaiian ... 34 40 Makawell* ..24 25
Honokaa ... 10 Vi 10% Onomea .... 22% 22%
Hutchinson .14% — Paauhau ... 10 10%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Fack.163 165 - - Oceanic S C. — 50
Cal Fruit As. — 100 Pac A FA.. 2% —
Cal Wine As. 8"Yi — Pac C Borax.165 166%
Mer Exchge.110 — Par Paint... 15 —
Morning Session.'
Board— .
50 Cal Wine Association..... 1 87 50
$5000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 124 50
40 Pacific Lighting 45 00
CO . Pacific . Gas Improvement 40 00
380 S F Gas and Electric Co. 45 00
50 S F Gas and Electric Co. s 90... 45 00
75 S F Gas and Electric Co 45 12%
25 Spring Valley Water... 87 25
25 Spring Valley Water. 87 37%
• 340 Spring Valley Water 87 50 '
Street— .
$2000 Market St Ry 1st con Cs.....^ ,.122 00
$8000 Spring Valley Water 4s. 3d mfpLlOl 25
Afternoon Session.
■ •' • Board —
5 Contra Costa Water 74 25
100 Onomea Sugar Co 22 00
100 Onomea . Sugar ' Co ...■ 22 25 :
15 Pacific Gas Improvement........ 30 50
. Street — : • . ...
25 Cal Wine Association.... 87 50
6 Contra Costa, Water ....".... 74 50
$5000 Northern Cal Ry 5s. 113 on
30 S F Gas and Electric Co 45 00
$2000 Spring Valley Water, 6s... v 112 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
v Morning: Session.'
2000 Lion 07
15 Peerless ** 5 00
Afternoon ; Session.
• 150 El Dorado •>•>
1000 Four ja
SOOO Petroleum Center. -b 90 :i 04
400 Sovereign i ft
500 Sovereign, b 60..... m
115 Sterling ... *-*^-* j J5
MINING STOCKS. ""
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
■ . ' . Morning Session. - ■
800 Ophir 64 100 Sierra Nevada 14
liOO Overman .... 02 200 Sierra Nevada 15
300 Potosi 03 100 St Louis (r
800 Savage 04
Afternoon Session. -
100 Best & Belch 12 50 Ophlr ... «5
200 Caledonia ... 17 100 Overman .... V>
100 Confidence ... 50 100 Sierra Nevada 14
.100 Crown Point.. 01 200 Union Con 0a
100 Gould &Cur 04 W
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: .
Morning Session. 1
200 Belcher 12, 400 Mexican . »2
300 Best & Belch 12! :S00 Ophir ... " «j
200 Con C & V.I 62% 200 Sierra Nevada 14
500 Gould & Cur 04' SOO Silver Hill... 28
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch 12 1 170 Hale & Nor 1">
500 Challenge C. . 05 J 200 Ophir . . ra
500 Con C & V.I 62% 200 Savage . "" ki
100 Confidence ... 51 .200 Savage ***" nt
500 Gould & Cur 04 800 Sierra Nevada -iS
, 700 Hale & Nor. 14 800 Yellow Jaciet 06
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
~ MONDAY. Dec. 16— 4 p m '
Bid. Ask. I Bld A ' v
Alpha — 02'justice ...... 01 02
Alta 05 OGKentuck .... Z2 -62
Andes ... — Lady Wash.. 01 ZZ
Beleher ..... 12 l.'l Mexican .... 22 •**
Best & Belch .-11 12 Occidental .. 03 04
Bullion — «2 Ophlr 64 fir.
Caledonia ... 16 17 Overman .... 0" ■ ' ta
Challenge C. , <W 10 Potosl ... - r£ Xi
Chollar (M 01 Savage !* 03 04
Confidence ... SO- ,V» Scorpion ..; X7
Con C & V..1C0 1 65 Seg Belcher.. _ m
Con Imperial. — \ 02 Sierra Nev.. '14 ii
Con N Y.... OlV _ silver Hill.;. *Q \o
Crown Point. 01 . 02 St Louis ' _ 04
Eureka Con.. 14 -Standard .. a r?
Exchequer . . . 02 Syndicate ... 05 O7
Gould & Cur <U 05 Union Con.. ' 00 10
> Hale & Nor. . - 13 15 Utah . . . . ? • 05 S 07
Julia... — Ol.Ycllow, Jacket 05 00
SEAL ESTATE TBA2TSACTIONS.
Hahnemann Hospital College oi! San Fran
cisco (corporation) to Hospital for Children
and Training School for Nurses (corporation),
lot commencing 100 S of Sacramento street and
87:6 W of Maple, W 50 by S 32:7%: $300.
August and Alinde Waldenmeier to Drewes
Schomaker. lot on- SE corner of Twentieth and
Howard streets. S 35 by E 122:B; $10.
Otto W. Pellage to Marie Pellase. lot on N
line of Eighteenth street, 75 W o£ Noe. W 25
by N 100; gift. i '■
Lizzie E. Pratt vs. Rlland C. Goodspeed (by
George H. Buckingham, referee) to Mary T.
Thompson (wife of W. F-), lot commencing 155
N of Twenty-fourth street and 122 ;6 W of
Shot well, N 14, SW 140, S to a point 153 S
of Twenty-fourth. E 122:6; $510.
Charles M. Depew and American Surety
Company of New York to Mary J. Depew, lot
on S line of Juri street. 150 E of Guerrero, B
30 by a 110; $10.
Henry and Louise Mugge to Henrietta. Louis
and George D. Mugge. lot on NW corner of
Duncan and Dolores streets. N 30. W to SB
line of the bed of track of San Francisco and
San Jose Railroad Company (now Southern Pa
cific Railroad), SW to a point In N line of
Duncan street. 87 W of beginning. E 87 (re
serving life estate to Henry Mugge): gift
John J. McGue to Nellie M. Richmond (wife
of W. H.). lot on S line of Twenty-fourth
stre et. 125 W of Diamond. W 51:8 by S 114
(quitclaim deed); $5.
Estate of Sarah Alexander (by Susan U
Mills, administratrix) to Nellie M. Richmond,
same; $900.
Fletcher F. and Blanche Ryer to Douglaa
S. Watson, lot on NE corner of Bush and
w^Vs^ef iff* N UI: * w 70 - s *
Richard and Francisco R. Rechenbach. Da+tsA
and Frances C. Louderbach and Joseph C and
Julia Sala to Annie » Von Hadeln, all interest
In lot on NB corner of Green and Mason
KU-eets, N 97:tf by B 25:3; also lot on NW
corner of Green and Powell ltrests. N 30 by
\V 70; $10.
Barton S. and Eva C. Hay« to W. T. Albert
son, lot on N line of Eddy street. 80 W of
Leavenworth. W 31:8 by N 137:6; $10.
Douglas S. or Douglass a and Mai M Wat
son to Fletcher F. Ryer, lot on NE line of
Beale street, 137:6 NW of Howard NW 43:10
by NE 137:6; $10.
Elise A. Drexler (widow) to Harvey H. Dana,
lot on NE line of Beale street, 137:6 NW of
Howard. NW 45:10 NE 137:6. NW 45:10 NE
137:6, SE 91:8, SW 275, Quitclaim deed; "$L
American Fuel and Power Company to
Fletcher F. Ryer, lot on NE line of Beala
street. 137:6 NW of Howard. NW 45:10 by
NE 137 i T8. quitclaim deed; $1O.
B. H. Nelson to Sarah C. Cron (wife of A.
B. Cron). lot on NW line of Clementina street.
120 NE of Second. NE 25 by NW 80; $10.
Sarah C. and A. B. Cron to Minnie B. Rlehl,
same; sift.
Ann Gahan or Gahn (widow) to Frank and
Helena Longar, lot on SW line of Madison (or
Averill) avenue. 195 SW of Fifth street and
87:6 NW of Bryant, NW 50 by*W 80; $10.
Anna M. O'Reilly (wife of J. W. O'Reilly) to
J. XV. O'Reilly, lot on S line of I street. 32:6
E of Thirty-sixth avenue. E 50 by S 100^ gift.
Same to same, lot on NW corner of K street
and Seventh avenue, N 100 by W 57:6; gift.
Antolne and Grade Borel (by attorneys) to
Clarence E. Mayo, lot on SE corner of Brazil
avenue and Paris street. E 50 by S 100. block
19. Excelsior Homestead Association: $10.
Olive Verkouteren (widow) to Ernest J. and
Marie Sevenau, lot on W line of Starr street.
125 S of Paul avenue. S 50 by W 100. lota 13
and 19. block 4, Garden Tract Hamestead As
sociation; $10. . .
Walter A. Weber to Southern Pacific Con*-" 1
pany (corporation), lot on E line of Gould
street. 275 S of Paul avenue, S 25 by E 100.
lot 30. block 2, Garden Tract Homestead As
sociation; also lots 1 to 12, block 181, O'Neill
and Haley Tract: $1.
James S. and Margaret D. Mackle to same,
lot on S corner of Sixth avenue South and S
street South, SE 400, SW 100 SE 50, SW 100,
NW 450, NE 200. lots 1 to 16 and lots 31 to 48.
block 129, same; also lot on E corner of S
street South and Fifth avenue South. NE 132:2.
thence on water line of Bay of San Francisco
to Its Intersection with NE line of Fifth avenue
South, 200 SE of S street South, NW 200, por
tion O'Neill and Haley Tract, and block 86 Tide
Lands; also lots 22 to 24, In block 89. lots 45
to 48 in block 169. lots 20 to 27, block 252,
O'Neill and Haley Tract; $1.
A. C. and Genevleve C. Doan to same, lot 10.
block 292. same: $1.
Charles and Carrie J. Babbldge to same, lota
22 to 24, block 332, O'Neill and Haley Tract;
also lot on S corner of Twentv-flfth avenue
South and M street South. SE ISO. SW 10O,
NW 180. NE 100. lots 15 to 20. block 483. Bay
City Homestead Association; also lot on E Una
of Gould street. 225 S of Paul avenue, S 25 by
E 100, lot 34. block 2. Garden Tract Home
stead; also lot on E line of Gould street, 250 S
of Paul avenue. S 25 by E 100, loc 35. same; $1.
F. H. and Mary V. Davis to same, portion
block 62, Tide Lands not Included in O'Neill
and Haley Tract, said block bounded by Third
and Fourth avenues South, S street South and
Islals; also Interest of estate of J. D. Brower
In lot 40. block 470, Hudson Garden and Orch
ard Tract: also lot on W line of Pennsylvania
avenue. 275 N of Army (Colusat street. N 25
by W 100: also lot on W line of Pennsylvania
avenue. 250 N of Army street. N 25 by W 100:
also lot 40. block 470, Hudson Garden and
Orchard Tract; $1.
- V. M. and Grace C. Coyne to same. lot on S
line of Sunny Dale (Tobln) street. 244:4 E of
Milliken. SE 277:4. SW 224:5, NW 277:4. NE
224:5; also lot on NE corner of P street South
(St. John) and Eighteenth avenuo South (Al
geria), E 175 by N 200, lots 1 to 7 and 42 to 48
block 346, O'Neill and Haley Tract; also lot oil
NE corner of Q street South (Tom Blgbee) and
Thirteenth avenue South (Servia). E 150, N
100. W 75. N 100. W 75. S 200 lots 1 to 3 and
43 to 48, block 251, same; also lot on NE corner
of Q street South (Tom Bigbee) and Fourteenth
avenue South (Paraguay). E 300 by N 200, lots
1 to 12 and 37 to 48. block 264. same; $1.
Odd Fellows Cemetery Association to Chris
tine Leweke. lot in cemetery; $170.
Alameda County.
Wllhelmlne H. de Fremery (wife of James
L.) to Oakland Harbor Development Company,
piece of land bounded NE by track and right
of way of Central Pacific Railroad Company.
■Western division. SW by harbor line, NW by
; center line of Fifth avenue, SE by center line
• of Ninth avenue, quitclaim deed. Oakland; $1.
James V. and Jessie Eccleston to Ernest A.
1 Heron. SE 20 feet of lot 15 and NW 20 feet of
lot 16, block J, Map No. 2. Linda Vista Ter
race. Oakland: $10.
William and Sarah Ellen Bremner to W S
Wilier, lot on N line of Bristol street, 150 B
of Sacramento. E 60 by N 135, lots 21 and 22,
range 15. map of N quarter ranges 15 and 18,
Hardy Tract (other consideration cancellation
Of $250 debt), Berkeley; $1. etc.
James' V. and Margaret A. Embury fby Cal
ifornia Safe Deposit and Trust Company (a
corporation), trustee) to California Home
Building and Loan Company, 718 D. 437 lot
on SE corner of Francisco and Hamilton
streets. E 31 by S 135; also 775 D.»S2, lot on
S line of Francisco street. 31 E of Hamilton
E 31 by S 135; also 768 D. 80, lot on S line of
Francisco street, 62 E of Hamilton, E 31 by
S 133; also 749 D. 371, lot on S line of Fran
cisco street, 93 E of Hamilton E 31 by S 133
also 773 D. 39. lot on S line of Francisco street
124 E of Hamilton. E 81 by S 135; also 772 d!
100. lot on S line of Francisco street 155 E of
Hamilton, E 31 by S 135; also 738 D. 3M lot
on S line of Francisco street, 1S6 E of Hamil
ton, E 31 by S 135; also 734 D. 383. lot on S
line of Francisco street, 217 E of Hamilton
E 31 by S 135; also 758 D. 371. lot on S line of
Francisco street. 248 E of Hamilton. E 31 by
S 135, trustee's deed. Berkeley: I8D0O
Batty Amanda and John Wllhelm (or John
Wilheim) Nelson to Henry Z. Jones, lot on
NW line of Orange Grove avenue, 115. 04 SW
of East Twenty-fourth street. SW 25 or NW
110. NE 4a 01. SE 30, SW 15. SB 80. lot 19 block
D. map subdivision Heald Twentjr-third Ave
nue Tract. Brooklyn Township; |10.
Minnie V. and A. T. Spence to John H. Rob
ertson and Paul M. Nlppert, beginning on N
line of street M feet wide known as Taylor
avenue (said line being 343 N of Central or
Washington avenue) distant thereon 13510 W
?L Seventh 8tre * t ' w '*° b y N 33. Alameda;
Charles F.Fletter (son of Freeborn J.) to
John P. Wallace and Augusta T. Fletter (aa
executors estate Freeborn J. Flsttert all In
terest in estate of said Freeborn J? Kletter
(deceased). No. 6073 Alameda deed or assign
ment. Alameda; valuable consideration
San Francisco Savings Union to J. S. Myers.
OakUnd^lO. A> MaP Be " a ViSt * Park.' Ea5
w Ohn i 1 ?!:?* 0 , 11 *^ 1 *- H » nn » to John Bowen.
OaklaVllO* H * MaP J ~ th * m Twac *'
Mrs. M. A. Coburn (widow) to Louis D.
?tr«; lo i,°w S H n^ 0 ,' "^aJton (or Ninety-fifth)
l tT ?£\ 6 ?. w , of Telegraph avenue, W. 40 by
S 120:3. being lot 18, map A. C. Brown's sub
division block 2050. Oakland- MO OTOWn " " ut^
Ernest A. aad Elizabeth D. Heron to James
CC Terr»aUr^. Ma ° ** * "f*V
B. and.L. Association. 738. D. 452. lot on SW
line of East Fourteenth street, 37:8 SE of
Twentieth avenue. SE 37 :« by SW 110, portion
, ™°g* -V ««£ °t town of San Antonio. East
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
W H Welshar. ChicguiMiss J Thatcher. Hono
J Buck, Sulphur Creek lc. G Thomas. Ohio
J C Reemus. Nebraska A H Bamshlr. L Gatoa
Mrs E G Lawrence, J J Naat, Chicago
Ohio G E Dunphy & w.
Miss H Lawrence, Ohio Honolulu
H Williams. Chicago E Wilson. Stockton
E Techurm. Pleasnton DrJF Leeper & fam.
J G Beach. Placervllle USA
Mrs E J Newton. L An L F Oldham. Saratoga
C Summers, Los Ang S J Newlan. Bishop
F F Sweeney. Cordelia Miss Newlan. Bishop
Mrs J E Llnd, Cal J Ellison. Cal
J L Johnson. Uklah H McCormick & w, Cal •
J H Roberts. Sacto ' B Galloway. Walnut Cr
E E Snell. Seattle W H Glenn. Jackson
J H Ushsorn, Honolulu J J Johnson. . Orgeon
A T Grave, w & ch, J E- Kelly, Nevada
Australia H A Logan. Willows
N M Grlswold. Honolu L E Lo;an. , Willows
,W Thatcher & w, Hon- J M Russell. Marysvil
olulu F H Clark & w. Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Fred Johnson. Seattle Mrs R D May. Wn
G McCullough. Court Id T P Doutt, Kas City/
H -Thompson. Sacto EG Carr. Kansas City^,
W Mailer. Crockett Asa Roebuck; Chicago
A J Stewart. Chlca^^ Jos J Ffeiffer. Seattle
W F Nickles. Chicago G S Crawford. Neb
E V Ramsey. La • Wm P Devon. Clncln'U
Jas Neeley. Blsbee AT H L Vance.. Eureka .
G L Smith and family. Jos G Joly. Chicago
Lodl Jas Mulroy, Ingleslds
J A Stewart. Ohio A J Elliott, Detroit .KNOX TO REMAIN
IN THE CABINET
Senate Finally Confirms
His Nomination as
Attorney General
Fight to Have Confirmation
Delayed Meets With
Quick Defeat.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 16.-J us t before
acoourimient to-night the Senate con
armed the nomination of Philander C
Knox to fce Attorney General of the
1 mted States. The nomination of Knox
•was taken up when the Senate first went
Kito executive session a few minutes after
12 oclcck, but the point was made that
SffiSfSi ShouM be actlon on Hay
*achoi i» t tr n^ ty> nder the agreement
if- ,i last Thursday. The virtue of
niis plea was conceded, and a tentative
SKSSit was J^e that fu?thlr con
siderations oi the nomination should be
postponed until to-morrow. When, how
££?£*& ? c T ate had disposed of the
w£J «"«r At jorney General's nomination
waa again called up. The discussion of
it tu.ned upon a. motion made by Senator
-ones of Arkansas to recommit the nomi
nation to the Committee on Judiciary, in
tae meantime publishing the testimony
l.earinc on the case.
s P eec hes In favor of this proposition were
made by Senators Jones and Turner, and
m opposition by Senators Hoar and Pet
tus. It was contended by the two Sena-
Tors last named that the only evidence
lF e 5 en J ed a S a l"st confirmation had been
it lea fcy members of the Anti-Trust
l^aguo and was very vague and Indefl-
Yi' ,, The Sen ators favoring the motion
said that if this were true there could
be no objection on the part of the friends
or the Attorney General to- placing all
the facts within reach of the public and
Die more time the committee s-liould give
to the subject the more thoroughly the
public /would be convinced of the fair
ness of its position when ultimately
taken. They dwelt at some length upon
the charge made that the Attorney Gen
eral, previous to entering: upon the duties
of that office, had been attorney for the
Lnited States Steel Corporation and the
armor plate manufacturers. In reply to
these accusations it was said that it was
legitimate for an attorney In prl
?" ate i_i fe — to represent any interest
•n his official capacity, and It was
»"gued that his position as counselor for
lose Interests could not be used legiti
mately against him in connection with
his nomination to a position under the
present administration. So long as he
had conducted himself with propriety his
relationship as an attorney should not
r>« used to his Injury as an official. The
motion to recommit was lost. The ballot
>tood 43 to 7. There was no roll call on
om motion to confirm, which Immediately
tol lowed *
MUST TBANSPOET FREIGHT
AIH> PASSENGERS FREE
Queer Billing In Otta-wra Against the
Yukon and White Pass
Railroad.
VANTCOI7VER. B. C. Dee. 1C— A pecu
liar phase has developed in connection
whh the suits being brought against tho
White Pass Railway. According to ad
vices received to-day from Ottawa, It waa
p:\-en out at the l>epartment of the In-
terior that any person may assist upon
iree transportation over the railway line
irom the Fummit to White Horse, any
where in Canadian territory, until such
lime as the new tariff is approved The
official statement is that the company,
under the railway act. will not dare to
refuse to carry any passengers or freight.
It is said in Ottawa that if the Govern
ment insists upon the cutting down of
rates over the Canadian section of the
iir.e, the company will even up by Impos
ing- substantial through rates. The ques
tion arises whether or not the Govern
ment has jurisdiction over through rates.'
TWO -WEDDINGS OCCUR
IN THIS CITY Or ROSES
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 16.— Miss Edith Ol
son and Edson C. Merrltt were united in
marriage at the home of the bride's par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Olson, in this
city, at sunrise this morning. Rev L
D. Rathbone, pastor of the Congregation
al church, officiated. The groom is cash
ier of the First National Bank of Santa
Rosa and president of the Merrltt Fruit
Company. The couple left on the early
morning train for an extended honey
moon through Old Mexico.
Miss Lida May Preston and Henry
Newhall were married at the home of the
bride's grandmother. Mrs. J. H. Holman
in tills city this evening. Rev. W. L-
Gaston of the Baptist church performed
the ceremony. The bride is a young lady
c.t much beauty and has many- friends.
She is a sister of Dr. Pierce Preston of
Oakland. The groom is a young busi
ness man of Manila, whither the couple
■will journey to make their home, after
a short visit vrith Mr. Kewhall's parents
in Los Angeles.
Mrs. Bonine Is Now Eligible.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Dec. 16.— The
Civil Sen-ice Commission has decided to
restore the name of Mrs. Lola Ida Bonine,
who recently was acquitted of the murder
of .James Seymour Ayres Jr., to the roll
of ellgibles for appointment to the civil
service. Just prior to the death of Ayres
JlrF. Bonine had successfully passed an
« xamination for skilled labor In the Gov
ernment printing office, but pending the
result of the trial her name •was held up.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Postmaster
Palmer
of So. Glen Falls, N. Y M des-
cribes a condition which thous-
_^^^^ —— _^ ands of men
L. D. Palmer. °P= for "P 1 * |
and get a per- ;
sonal corroboxation of what is j
"here given. He says regarding
Dr. Miles'
Heart Cure:
"I suffered agonizinjr pain in the left
breast and between my shoulders from
heart trouble. My heart would palpi-
tate, flutter, then skip beats, until I
could no Jcn^er lie in bed. Nicht alter
night I r.'dked the fioor, for to lie down j
•crovld have meant sudden death. My |
condition seemed almost hopeless when . I
I bejnn taking Dr. Miles 1 Heart Cure,
but ft helped me from the first. Later j
I took Dr. Miles' Nervine with the
Heart Cure and the effect was asion- j
ishing. 1 earnestly implore similar sul- j
. icrers to ffive these remedies a tnaL i
y Sold by all Druggists
on guarantee.
Dr. Miles Mec'iccl Co., Elkhart, Ind.
ANARCHISTS MAY
BE DRIVEN OUT
Senate Judiciary Com
mittee to Report on
Needed Lawa
Federal Constitution Will Be
Amended if Found
Necessary.
"WASHINGTON.. D. C. Dec. 16.'— In the
Senate to-day a resolution offered by Clay,
directing Jhe Postmaster General to send
to the Senate, a complete statement of the
amounts paid by the I'nited States Gov
ernment to various eteamshin lines for
mail service, together with copies of the
contract in each case, was agreed to.
A resolution offered by Nelson c£ Min
nesota, requesting the President to send
to the Senate a copy of the report of Em
bassador Choate. relative to certain
charges imposed by "London dock com
panies upon American Hour and otht-r
American products shipped to that port,"
was adopted.
Vest of Missouri called up his resolu
tion instructing the Judiciary Committee
to inquire into and report to the Senate,
by bill or otherwise, as to tho proper nc
tion by Congress upon the subject of
anarchy and anarchists. He .«aid ho did
not desire at this time to enter upon a
discussion of the -subject. Indeed, he did
not feel qualified to discuss it until he had
heard from the Judiciary Committee. The
resolution raised these questions: .
Has Congress the constitutional power to
legislate for the punishment or anarchists who
assassinate or attempt to assassinate the
President of the United States, ' and if not.
whether It is expedient to amend the Federal
constitution to enable Congress eo to legislatp.
Whether 1t is necessary to empower Congress
to prevent the teachings of anarchists that all
Uovemments should bo destroyed, and the chief
rulers of euch Governments assassinated.
Whether it is necessary that Congress shall
nave power to punish persons belonging to an
archical associations.
What amendments, if any, are necessary to
the naturalization law* to prevent anarchists
from . becoming citizens of the United States
and whether such anarchists, after trial and
conviction, be imprisoned or deported from the
United States.
Whether it fs necesskry to confer upon Con-
Rress the power to establish a penal colony
where persons convicted of anarchy shall be
confined durlnc life.
Without discussion or comment 'the res
olution was adopted.
Clapp of Minnesota called up his, reso
lution providing that further discussion of
the pending Hay-Pauncefote treaty should
be had in open session.
Addressing the Senate briefly he said
that while the* resolution was not intro
duced as a Joke the country regarded the
executive sessions of the Senate as a
rarce. He did not think there was any
occasion under ordinary conditions for se
cret sessions of the Senate. Despte every
effort of the Senate the American people
obtaind reports of secret sessions. While
nis resolution, he believed, would be
shelved, he was of the opinion that the
executive sessions "will become a part or
the tradition and rubbish of this crcat
people of ours."
Mason of Illinois coincided with the
views expressed by Clapp and declared
that the Senate's executive sessions were
an ' ancient barnacle," which ought to be
swept away. Mason was Interrupted by
Money of Mississippi, "who raised a point
of order against discussion of the subject
In open session, but finally the resolution
was referred, on motion of Spooner of
\\ isconsin, to the Committee on Rultes.
Then, at 12:12 p. m.. the Senate went into
executive session, and at 6:23 adjourned
as a mark of respect to the memory of the
late Representative Broslus.
AGREE TO PUT
UP THEIR GUNS
Rival Tongs Promise Not
to Shed More
. Blood.
If the warring factions live up to the
agreement which they signed yesterday
af ternoon there will be no further blood
shed in Chinatown. Shortly after 4 o'clock
the twelve associations and the leading
members of the Chinese Merchants' As
sociation met and discussed the best
means to stop the war between the Four
families and the Ping Kong Tong.
After the matter had been thoroughly
discussed the officers of the Ping Kons
Tong and the leading members of the
Four families were sent for. It was
pointed out to them that further blood
shed would seriously Injure any chance
that may exist to defeat the exclusion
bill, and also cause the white people of
this city to look upon the Chinese as out
laws and assassins at heart. Both sides
were then asked to present their griev
ances for the purpose of effecting a peace
settlement. After listening to the spokes
men of the warring factions for some
time, a committee composed of an equal
number of the members of the twelve, as
sociations and the Merchants' Associa
tion was appointed to draw up the terms
of peace, both sides agreeing to abide by
them. The. committee then went Into ex
ecutive session and In a short time pre
sented the agreement, which both sides
signed, and by which it is expected fur
ther bloodshed will be prevented. The
agreement provides that in event a
Chinaman is murdered the faction respon
sible for the death shall pay the other the
eum of $5000; that the Merchants' Asso
ciation holds itself ready to make good
the amount in case the Four families fail
to live up to the agreement, and the
twelve associations to do likewise for the
Ping Kong Tong. Heavy bonds were ex
acted from both sides to Insure their liv
ing up to the agreement.
It was also agreed that all the perpe
trators of the recent murders shall be
turned over to the police within forty
eight hours and that they shall be vigor
ously prosecuted. In case another mur
der is committed the perpetrator, or per
pertators, shall be turned over to the fac
tion to which the victim belonged and
put tq death if the circumstances of the
murder warrant such punishment.
As soon as the agreement was signed
posters were pasted upon the walls of
Chinatown announcing that the war had
been declared oft*. .•
The news was received With delight by
the peaceable residents and congratula
tions were heartily exchanged.
Since the trouble began six men havo
been murdered and two seriously
wounded.
COMMANDER TILLEY HEBE
EN BOUTE TO WASHINGTON
Says Island of Pago Pago Makes
Good Coaling Station for
Our Navy.
Commander B. F. Tllley, U. S. N., was
&mong tha arrivals from the South Seas
justerday and is at the Occidental. The
naval otticer sprang into prominence re
cently on account of charges, preferred
against him. while acting as Governor of
t-he Island of Pago Pago. At this tribunal
Admiral Evans presided and Commander
Tilley t wa8 honorably acquitted. He la
now en route to Washington.
Commander Tilley says that the natives
of the island of Pago Pago, are taking
very kindly to American rule. He says
the wharf on the island is completed and
battleships can now tie tip to it and coal
at any time. The, wharf has a capacity
of 5000 tons of coal, but in the near future
this wharf will be enlarged to a capacity
of 25,000 tone. : . ..■'
Killed in. Train Wreck.
ROSEBURG, Or., Dec. 16.— An extra
south-bound freight train was ditched last
night two miles north of Dillard Station.
Homer Rolla. a bookkeeper from;Cincin
nati, Ohio, was killed. The wreck de
layed the north-bound overland ten hours.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1901.
"LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD" GIVEN
AS TIVOLI'S CHRISTMAS OFFERING
Extravaganza Proves Popular—Jefferson De Angelis Drawing t Well at the
Columbia-Larger Audience Witnesses Second Production of "Rip Van
Winkle— "Diplomacy" Well Presented at the Grand Opera-House
THERE is more real fun to thfl
square inch in "Little Red Ridirijj
Hood," the Tlyoli's new Christmas
extravaganza, sampled last night,
than in any other little thing that
Ferris Hartman haa "dashed off." • And
that's saying a. good deal.
It was the return of tho house folks last
night, as well as the occasion of the open
ing of the Christmas show, and they
seemed to be just as glad to be back as
we are to have them. Most of the* fa
miliar faces were to ho seen— Annie My
ers, trim and roguish as ever; Edward
Webb, the old reliable; the tuneful Ar
thur Cunningham, the ever beautiful Har
ry Cashman and Jt'erris Hartman, the one
and only, among them. There are new
faces, too. Florence Chapman, a San
i-ranclsoo girl, who has been with the
Southwell Opera Company for some time,
as. a decided acquisition and makes a
letching picture as Little Red Riding
hood. Olive Ulrica is another pretty girl
that has been gathered in, who shows
aptness and charm in her role of Miss
Aiutrett. Barneita Mueller, the fairy
queen, has been seen «tnd heard before as
Nedda during the grand opera , season,
and is much more in her element in the
spangles of fairy queen than as Nedda.
tor the rest, the chorus has been very
considerably enlarged, and a tiny army
of small folks a<ia quaintness and pret
tiness to the scene. There are some un
usually dainty ballets, plenty of good
songs for everybody and a host of spe
cialties of the brightest. The snow ballet,
with its snowclao girls and white-garbeu
children, is particularly pretty, but it is
only one out of a number equally effec
tive.
Hartman. has a role that Jits him to a
dot as King Fire Fly. later Simplo Simon,
and from the moment of his picturesque
entrance on an airship keeps the laugh
going until the close. He sings one of tho
funniest, of the Eddie Foy songs, "I'm
Tired," in a fashion to convulse a dead
Scotchman, and others of his songs,
"Th<?y Gave Me a Medal for That" and
the Hartmanized edition of "When Shake
speare Comes to Town," fully fill the bill,
and were encored until the Tlvoli's hemi
demi-semi-barytone'a voice broke. Webb
is also fitted congenially with his part of
the Baron Itubberneck. and his pleasing
voice and sprightly, happy humor help
things along amazingly. Liut Arthur Cun
ningham has the voice of the crowd and
he uses it with a line swing in his one
good song, • The Mermaid." There ought
to be more of him. more particularly as he
has loosened up considerably in his acting
since his last appearanco. Harry Cash
man is a Granny Hood who gets all, and
maybe somewhat moro than is best to get
out of the part. It Is a little— Just a shade
— more vulgar than funny.
Annie Myers is Boy Bluo and as piquant
as ever in tho part. Sho is tho only
woman in the company whot makes any
pretense of singing. Her voice is fresh
and bright, and every word of her songs
can be heard. Mr. StelndorfC Is back
again in the conductor's chair, and the
musical end of the extravaganza was
handled with all his customary smartness.
Some of the music is uncommonly good,
too. Then there's the transformation
scene, in which Mr. McGreer has outdone
himself, and all In all, "Little Red Riding
Hood' 13 much the best Christmas pro
duction that the Tivoli_has ever put on.
Alcazar.
: There is plenty of snap and fun in the
farce comedy. "The Gay Mr. Lightfoot,"
presented at the Alcazar Theater. It is
from the pen of Louis de Lange and Led
Arthur and had. a long and successful run
In New York. There' are numerous com
plications caused by two "friends, ;" Mr.
Lfghtfoot and Mr. Jerome, assuming 'each
other's names for a night and a day. Two
pretty love tales run through the piece,
and Te. Jim, an Indian, and an old maid
help materially to get things mixed up,
which are, of course, smoothed out in the
final act. Frank Bacon, as Mr. Lightfoot,
has a part that admirably suits his genial
humor and he makes the most of it. M ;
L. Alsop as his friend, Mr. Jerome, has
also a congenial part and plays it with
his usual manliness. Henry Shumer, a
Government agent in pursuit of .Te Jim,
the Indian bigamist, and who falls in
love with Mr. Lightfoot's niece, is also
well suited to the role. Howard Scott
plays the Indian with his usual care.
Miss Marion Convere, a widow with a
thorough knowledge of men but who falls
a prey to the persistent love making of
Mr. Jerome, is very charming, and tho
same can be said of Miss Margaret Wych
erly as Miss Helen, . Lightfoot's niece.
Miss Juliet Crosby made a hit as Miss
Opie, an old maid very much in love, and
Miss Marie Howe was in her element as
Mrs. Lightfoot, the jealous wife. The
play should have a successful run.
California.
A much larger audience than that of
the first night saw the second production
of "Rip Van Winkle" at the California
last night. . Thomas Jefferson is a good
Rip. and he was applauded quite heartily.
At the end of the first act he was called
before the curtain. The other members
of the troupe, particularly Meenle and the
clever little boy and. girl who portrayed
the characters of Meenie and Heindrick
•in the first act, appeared to please the
audience.
Columbia.
• "A Royal Rogue" at the Columbia com
menced its second week auspiciously last
night with a large and appreciative audi
ence. The comedy is full of amusing
features and the songs, particularly the
opening one and that rendered by the
double sextet, are vociferously applauded.
Jefferson de- Angelis has a fund of laugh
able-remarks and Jrumorous attitudes ■
RUSSIA HOLDS
BACK HER REPLY
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.,. WASHINGTON, Dec. 16.— Senator
Perkins has received a communication
from Secretary Hay in reply to . his letter
inquiring as to; the status of negotiations
with Russia relative to the right of Amer
ican fishermen to. take cod in the Okhotsk
Sea. Secretary Hay has communicated a
similar "inquiry from the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association, of California
to the United States Embassador at St;
Petersburg. In his letter to Senator Per
kins Secretary Hay says: "This is a sub
ject which hinges upon arbitration now in
progress between .the United States and
Kussia" relative "'to the Beizureof certain
American vessels in the Bering and
Okhotsk seas and it is probable that the
Russian Government considers that any
favorable answer which it might give to
this question would be detrimental to its
interests in litigation. The department is,
therefore, inclined to • the opinion that
Russia will not reply until the arbitrator
renders his decision. I may add that the
Russian Government maintains the 'head
land to headland 1 view of- the marine
boundary as regards its bays and what
ever might 1 be its attitude regarding cod
fishing, the taking of seals would be prob
ably subject to definite and later regula
tions (than those of 1882), but this de
partment is not advised- of any later regu
lations covering cod-flshlng." . • ■
Clocks and -Candlesticks.
We have the best line of superior Gold
plated Clocks, Candelabra, Candlesticks,
Candle Vase's, Ornaments, etc.." to "be seen,
in this city. The public is cordially In
vited to inspect this department San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
WASHINGTON. Dec. 16.— Senator Lodge to
day introduced a bill to prohibit' the 'sale of
firearms, opium and Intoxicating liquors to the
natives of 'islands in the Pacific Ocean. •
which are the source of no end of amuse
ment for his audience and show that his
reputation as a. first-class entertainer is
perfectly legitimate. De Angelis will close
his engagement Sunday night and Mary
Mannering in a dramatization of Ford's
"Janice Meredith" will follow.
Central.
"Muldoon's" Picnic," a three-act farco
comedy, was given its initial perform
ance last night at the Central Theater to
a crowded house.
As a laugh producer the play was a
decided success, the antics and horse play
of Mulcahey and Muldoon keeping the
audience in an uproar.
James Corrigan, as Denis Mulcahey.
scored a hit and proved himself well
fitted for the character.* Harry Conlon,
as Michael Muldoon, furnished his share
of comedy.
During the play some good specialties
were produced and found favor with the
audience.
Conlon and Ryder in an eccentric act
h'eld tho stage for some little time and
kept the house in good humor. The Ben
nett Sisters* songs and dances and Mas
ter Tom Dunn's singing came in for a
liberal share of applause.
The farce abounds In funny scenes and
a good week's run is predicted for it.
"The Silver King," a melodrama, is the
attraction for next week.
Grand, Opera-House.
Sardou's "Diplomacy," with Minnie
Seligman as the Countess Zicka, received
LOVE LETTERS
ON EXHIBITION
Seventy- four, love letters were shown
Mrs. Maud Cheyney yesterday In Judge
Sloss' court, where her su}t for main
tenance against Samuel (W. Cheyney, the
well known young mining man, is being
tried. She would no v t state whether or not
they were in her handwriting,- and when
Attorney Peter Dunn read passages from
the epistles to her she claimed there was
not a word in them, familiar to her. ,
Some of the letters read as if they were
written by a young womarf who taught a
class in a. Sunday-school, while others
sounded as if they had been written by a
person more than familiar with the ways
of, the wicked. And there were some let
ters it was . claimed were written by
Cheyney's alleged wife that were hardly
proper. • . . • .-
i Mrs. Cheyney, claims many. of the letters
are -forgeries, written for the purpose of
enabling Cheyney to deny that she \ was
ever his wife.
The letters were the only evidence in
troduced yesterday, and j after the sev
enty-fourth had been read the case was
continued until to-day. .
■ W. A. Burdick, against "whom Laura' j.
Burdick filed a suit for divorce a few
days ago, filed an answer and cross com
plaint yesterday. Burdick . denies his
wife's charges of infidelity and cruelty
and In his cross complaint alleges ■ that
she, is the unfaithful, one. He names as
co-respondents J. W. Seeley and George
Euchler. ■....-. , ■
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Rose P. , Rubenstein against Charles Rub
enstein, for cruelty; Maud A. <Rainsbury
against J. A. ; Rainsbury, ; for desertion:
Mabel Anne Lawrence . against 'Willis
Lawrence, for desertion; M. .. L. Sehl
against John ' J. ■" Sehl," for. failure to pro
vide, and Vine Hanna against Hugh Han
na, for, failure to provide.
POPULAR COMIC OPERA STAR
WHO IS ONCE MORE AT HOME
AT THE TIVOL-I.
a very favorablo reception last night at
tho Grand Opera-house. Tho splendid act
ing of Miss Seligman was well balanced
by the full strength of the Grand Opera
house stock company. This is the third
week of. Miss Seligman's appearance, and
"Diplomacy" has thus far proved the
most popular play in which she has taken
part. ..- - . \
Fischer's Concert House.
A varied and interesting programme at
tracted a large audience to Fischer's
Concert House last night. Mme. Charity
Martin was at her best in Gilchrist's
"Heart's Delight," and. for an encore she
gave "Love's Proving." In company with
Slgnor G. S. Wanrell she sang -Pinsuti's
"Amore," and the duet was delightfully
rendered. Slgnor wanrelrs Toreador
Love Song" was a vocal gem. The Pa
loma Ladies' Quartet were accorded a
welcome and showed marked improve
ment since they appeared here some
months ago. Ivan Trepoka, in Russian
national dances, was a novelty, and
Charles Stanley and Anita Walton, In
"Mrs. O'Grady's Wash Day,"/were im
mensely amusing. Deming and Carroll
gave a unique sketch, the Mullaly Sisters
made a hit in their songs and dances, and
the orchestra played in excellent style. A
duet for violin and 'cello, "Love's Old
Sweet Song," played by August Hinrichs
and William Wertsch, was well received.
Chutes.
Blcknell, the clay modeler,' proved a big
card at the Chutes last night with his
clever act, "A Model Baker." Alma Wut
rich, juvenile character change artist and
baton swinger, responded to several en
cores and scored a big hit. Other good
numbers are Al Hazzard, ventriloquist;
the Lockos, bag punchers, and Montgom
ery and Evans in the latest illustrated
songs. A series of comic moving pictures
conclude a strong bill.
Orpheum.
The new bill this week Is a great attrac
tion and presents many strong features,
notable among which aro the Dumohd
Parisian Minstrels, Mr. and Mrs. Gard
ner Crane, the merry manikins of Mr. and
Mrs. Walter E. Deaves, and Rose and
Jeanette. Mr. and Mrs. Crane displayed
artistic acting in their sketch, and the
Juvenile dancers were gorgeously cos
tumed. . .
DARING THIEF
MAKES A HAUL
'A daring daylight burglar entered the
residence of Paul Manciet, 1628 Clay street,
last Monday afternoon while all the mem
bers of the family were out, and got away
with quite a "rich haul of diamonds,
watches and other pieces of jewelry.
The burglar effected an entrance to. the
house through the \ basement door, j He
went upstairs to Manciet's room. on. the
second floor and rifled it. \ On Mrs. Man
ciet's dressing table 1 lay her diamond ear
rings and her small gold watch. These
the thief pocketed. As there was nobody
in the house to molest him the burglar
took out the bureau drawers and turned
their contents on the floor. Mr. Manciet's
gold watch, diamond cuff buttons and dia
mond ring were in a jewel case in one of
the drawers, and these, too fell into the
hands of the burglar.
After rifling all the drawers completely
the thief searched . the room for money.
He. turned all the pictures, pulled out ail
the clothes in the closet and even went so
far as to rip open the mattress on" the
bed in his vain search for coin.
While the burglar was doing his ne
farious .work ; Mrs. Clavarre, a friend of
Mrs. Manciet.'. called. She rang the bell
four or five times and the burglar becom
ing frightened hastened downstairs and
made his escape to the street. When Mrs.
Clavarre- > heard the footsteps coming
downstairs she. thought It was one of the
family coming to let her in so she peered
through the glazed door and got a good
look at the burglar as he was beating his
hasty retreat. :: .,
Yesterday afternoon a complete descrip
tion of the stolen articles and a descrip
tion' of the s burglar were j furnished Cap
tain Seymour, who: at once detailed two
of his best men on the case. The stolen
property was valued at $500. - .
LOGANSPORT, InO., Dec^-10.— Frank Hardy
and his daughter. -who were riding in a buggy,
'were run down by a train and killed near here
to-day. •■-•-.- ■ ■ ■ ■••■■-. ■•'-•„ -.■'■.•; ■••;.. ■ '.' ;•
"GET TOGETHER,"
SAYS ROSEBEBY
Formeiv Premier .'Gives
Advice to the Lib
nun 1 Moinf tt
erai rarty.
Quotes President Roosevelt to
Give Emphasis to His <
Argument/
CHESTERFIELD, . England. Dec. 16.—
Ix>rcl Rosebery's long 1 expected and much
heralded speech, delivered from a crowded
platform here to-night, was received with
marked enthusiasm by an immense
crowd. It can hardly be said to have
thrown much light along the pathway of
the Liberal party. He said that he hail
come by invitation and did not wish to
Indulge in phraseology, but to speak his
mind and offer the Liberals some dispas
sionate advice. That the speech was a
finished oratorical effort was amply at
tested by the frequent applause with
which the speaker was interrupted. But
it is doubtful if when ho had finished hi3
most . admiring listener could have given
any justification for his enthusiasm, save
that it, was Lord Rosebery. '
The Liberal party, he said, had passed
through a long and trying illness, but
was now approaching convalescence, one
of the signs of which was that it had
got rid of the Irish alliance. Resolved
into its elements, the speech merely said.
"Get together." The speaker himself con
fessed that he did .not pretend to say how
this cohesion could be accomplished. In
urging his fellow Liberals to reorganize.
Lord Rosebery quoted the following words
from the message of President Roosevelt:
"We hope to Keep goinif by slow-step--',
not' by bounds. We must keep our. eyes
on the stars, but we must jilso remember
that our feet are on the ground."
The following was the tenor of. the for
mer Premier's speech: "The : Ministry is
wrong, but the Liberals should be very
careful how they try to set it right."
Turning: from the Immediate outbreak
of the war, Lord Rosebery touched upon
education, In which, he said, Great Brit
ain was woefully behind her. sister na
tions. Her commercial development was
also atrophied, and the time would soon
como when Britain -would be forced to
fight for trade supremacy. She would
then be as helpless as though armed with
bows and arrows. ■ • *
Lord Kosebory maintained a discreet
vagueness on the question of his personal
Inclinations concerning tho leadership of
the Liberal party. He salt! that he could
not imagine himself »n tho position of a
Minister. But in the next breath hf> toM
how ho would reorganize the War Office
if it fell to his lot. He Baid this reor
ganization, however, should bo postponed
until after tho war.
Tho speaker's recipe for the proposed
reorganization of this office was a char
acteristically American one, namely, the
appointment of a commission. Concern
'ing the Government's conduct of the war
Lord Rosobery wns severe and scornful.
The complaint of the Government that tho
Boers had not made war according to the
recognized rules reminded him that th«»
same thing had been said by the old Aus
trian generals of the young Napoleon
when the latter was beating them. . Ho
was particularly sarcastic at the expenso
of the explanation of the Earl of Hals
bury, the Lord Chancellor, that only a
"sort of warfare was now going on." ,and
ho- strongly condemned what he termed
the scandalous misrepresentations by
which the Government has precipitated
tho last general election.
TRYING TO FIX
VALUE OF LAND
Site for Naval Station at
Honolulu Causes a
Lawsuit.
HONOLULU, Dec. 9.— Captain Henry,
who is in charge of the Pearl Harbor
dredging, states that the actual % work of
dredging the channel will' begin next
month. .... " , . . -
The suit of the Government against the
Bishop estate to condemn land for the
naval station has been before the United,
States Court for two weeks and is still
far from an end. Tho testimony as \ to
the value of the land is most conflicting.
Some of the witnesses for the Government
have testified that it is practically worth
less, declaring that a fair price for the
Government to pay would be $5iPer acre,
while witnesses for the other Side, have
gone as -high as $300 per acre for a' good
deal of the land. The defendants' claim
over $600 , per acre, . basing their claim
largely upon the fact that the Govern
ment proposes to take all their water
front. - ■ • ■
Complete returns as to the income tax
show that the amount of the: tax col
lected will be. far below the sum expect
ed when the law was passed. The re
turns show an aggregate assessment of
$335,000, which is only about half of what
it was hoped the tax would bring in.' The
tax is 2 per cent on all over $1000 for
every individual or corporation, and the
returns therefore show that, .with the
$1000 deducted in each case, incomes ag
gregating $16,750,000 net were . received
here during 1900. Of the total returns of
$337,000, $277,000 are from Honolulu. The
smallness of the figures Is believed to be
due in. paxt to", recent falls in augar
stocks. V
The battleship Wisconsin will leave
here on the 12th for Acapulco, Mexico.
She Is now . quarantined against tho
shore, on account of reports of three
cases of bubonic plague here during the
month of November. Her anchorage just
outside the harbor is a cause of much
complaint among the captains of Inter
island steamers. She is In the line of the
lights by which they enter the harbor
at night, and some of them, have-experi
enced much difficulty in finding,- their
bearings as they approached.
W. O. Smith of Hawaii has been elected
a vice president of the William. McKinley
National Memorial Arch- Association. Ha
waii has a local . memorial committee,
which is raising funds for a monument
or some other sort of; memorial here. It
is possible that the funds raised for this
purpose will be applied to the national
fund. . •-..,.■
Postage on Christinas Edition.
The great Christmas edition of The
Call, issued December 15, 1901, con
tains 70 pages and will weigh 17
ounces. The rates of postage on this
edition will be as follows:
Domestic .5 cents
Foreign.. . ... . • ■ • • • - 9 cents
Must Pay Tribal Taxes.
_ ARDMORE; I.' T.; Dec. 16.— Judge Town
send in the United States court to-day de
cided that the intercourse laws passed by
Congress In 1832 were In effect in Indian
Territory. The decision means that per
sons doing business In the territory must
pay tribal taxes under penalty of expul
sion.
Captain Hobson's Choice.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio. Dei. 16.— The en
gagement waa announced to-day of Cap
tain Richmond P. Hobson, U. S. NV, and
Miss Eleanor Ludlow of this city, a niece
of ex-Governor Bushnell. The weddine
will' take place In February..
The Best Fountain Pens.
We are selling agents for the "Water
man Ideal r Fountain Pens"-^$2 50 to $10
each, and sole agents for the "Marshall "
the best $1 Fountain Pen In the world
Sanborn. Vail & Co.; 741 Market street. •
SENDS PEACEFUL
REPLY TO CHILE
Note Forwarded by Ar
gentina May Probably
Be Accepted.
Should Hostilities Begin Civil
War Is Thought Certain
to Ensue.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. Dec. 16.— A re
port has been received here of another al
leged invasion of southern Chile by Ar
gentine troops. Should this be true it
will create new difficulties between th«j
two countries.
ROME, Dec. 16. — There are seriou3 ap
prehensions here that in the event ,of hos
tilities between Argentina and Chlla
something in the nature of a civil war be
tween the Italians of the two countries
mentioned may ensue. The Italians of
Argentina have already offered to form
an Italian legion and their compatriots in
Chile would doubtless follow suit.
BUENOS AYRES, Dec. 16.— The reply
of the Government of Argentina, to the
Chilean note was dispatched to-day at S
o'clock.
This reply la couched in terms which
leave no doubt as to its acceptance by
Chile.
CITT OF MEXICO. Dec. 16.— The Ar
gentine delegates to-day denied a report
.said to be current in the United States
that they would withdraw from the Pan-
American Congress this week.
MBS. McKINXEY'S RELATIVES
ABE ABANDONING ALL HOPE
There Is No Improvement in Her
Condition and No Present In-
dication of Any.
CHICAGO. Dec. 16.— Relatives of Jlrs.
McKlnley have little hope of her .Uvins
long, according to a statement made by
Lieutenant James McKlnley. U. S. A., hl
rephew of the late President. Lieutenant
AlcKinley passed through Chicago to
night in company with General S. B. M.
Young, the successor of General Shafter.
Continuing, the. lieutenant said: "My
aunt In Canton remain* In about the same*
condition that she was in after the fu
neral of the President. There haa been
no improvement and there seems no hopo
of any." . \
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 16.— Postmaster*
appointed: California— Eatelle F. Flank
harp. La. Crescenta. Los Angeles County,
vice Annie M. E. Holly, resigned; Solomon
P. CreaslnRor. Matillja. Ventura County,
vice AV. C. lilumberg. resijmed. • •
These pensions wore granted: Califor
nia—Increase—Charles D. Church, San
Francisco. $10. Widows— Minor of John
Kerns. San Francisco, $10; Margaret
Thompson, Oakland. $8.
OreRon— increase— William J. Elliott.
Fall City, $12.
Washington— Increase— Daniel Dougher
ty. Soldiers' Home. Ortlng. $12.
Noted Trotting Mare Janice Dead.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. If!.— Janice. ■ 2:08*4,
the great trotting mar© that with Dolly
Dillon made such a record on the Eastern
circuit this year, died yesterday at the
Santa. Rosa stock farm of pneumonia. At
Memphis last summer Janice won th*
world's record by going a mil© and an
eighth in 2:24\4. stepping the last quarter
at the rate of 2:02. She won $1460 clear
money on this race alone, and the two
mares won more than $10,000 during 1 tho
season. Janice was five years old and
was sireu by William Harold, by Sidney.
She had a great future. Only a few
months ago Pierce Bros, refused $10,000
for her.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. Dec. 16.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to J. Franklin Wilson,
aged 27 years, and Clara Spraner. 25. both
of- San Francisco; John \V. Thoraford,
35 and Mary J. Hamilton, 25, both of Hay
wards; Clayton R. Hooper, 22, and Neta
E. Ulackman, 20, both of San Francisco;
Oscar B. Turman, 31. and Matilda Chria
tensen, 32, both of Oakland; Joseoh E.
Costa. 27, and Florence A. Davina, 17. both
of llaywards; Joseph Rodrlcka, 2S. San
Francisco, and Annie B. Machado, 20, Al
varado. " ' " "' ;."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HDSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
This wonderful medicine has
never been equaled as a stomach
strengthener and health builder.
It is the only one to take when
your system is weak and run down
and you suffer from dyspepsia,
indigestion* constipation, flat-
ulency, sour s.omaca or head-
ache. Try it. It will surely do
you good. Be sure to get the
genuine with our Private Die
Stamp over the neck of the bot-
t'.e, also obtain a copy of Hostet-
ter-'s Almanac for 1902 from your
druggist, tree. ■ ■
It is a shame "DTT T7Q To Be
For any case of L 1 JJ £i O Cut
Modern science has completely
mastered the disease withottt sur-
gery or delay. Do not allow your-
self to be butchered until you have
investigated. Over one thousand
cases permanently cured without
a single failure, 500 of whom live
in the city of San Francisco. The
names of 75 prominent business
men sent as reference. Do not
take ray word for it, but find out
what they have to say. The
worst cases wanted. Write to-
day ior further particulars. Ad-
dress Resident Physician, Box
2673, Call Office, San Francisco.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Hailed
on Application.
COAL. COKE ANJ PIQ IROX.
J- C WILSON & C0-» Telephoaa M*in U*i.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS- BOYES & CO. -gS? te tf B g5Sg
:■■•'<•' ■•■ ■ ■ oils. •;•.;•::
lubricating oils. leonard ft ellis,
1 418 Front st., S. F. . Phone Main ITjJ.
" ~~ PRINTIJJQ.
EcflUGHES, ; : -m,,J5?gvy;: :
PRINTERS. B00KBINDER3. .
THE HICKS-XC"DI> CO.. . • • - . 1 \ _"
- » First •trctt. taa TraactMSw ■
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of .The Kan Francisco
Call, rot-ner of Market and Third etr»"*ts; open
tin'il K o'clock every nipht in the year.
BRANCH OITICUS— 627 Montgomery etreet.
corner Clay; open urtil 9:30 p. m.
500 Hayes Ftreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
*3» McAl'is'er street; open until 9:30 p. m.
£15 Laikin street: open until 9:39 p. m.
;«! Mission rtreet: open until 10 p. m.
Z2CI Markc* street, corner Sixteenth: open
crtil t p. rn.
lGfi Eleven-.h etrcct open until 3 p. m.
3CS6 Valencia ptreet. open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtreets; open until 9 p. m.
200 Fillmcrg street: open until 9 p. m.
?. IEETI^*L XOT i5 :^£:
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M., •
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _-%
ING. Dec. 17. at 7:30 o'clock. Elec- JZJ*?
tlon of officers.' Uy order of the r>*x
H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
ORDER Eastern Star— Members of Gold- %^j5
en Gate Chapter No. 1 are requested to^gSS^
attend the funeral of our late sister, Tf
JENNIE A. DALEY, from Chapter
Hall. 629 Sutter Ft.. WEDNESDAY, Decem-
ber JS, at 1:30 p. m. By girder of the Worthy
Matron. KATUEKENE JOHNSON.
Seci-etarj'-
ALEMANIA Lodpe No. S. K. P.. Pyth- ;gT
ian Castle. 903 Market et. — Pace and J^^,
Knight ranks WED. EVENING, 3>f£*<
Dec. IS. S o'clock. AM knirhts in- i&X?
vtted. A. N. COLTER, C. C.
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society — Offl-
cfre and members, attend your next 1§3*ZS4
neirular nifetinc WEDNESDAY SpVrfSRS
EVENING. Dec. IS, 1801. nr 7::iO
sharp. Donations and aprroprla- *«"
lions. Election of officers for the ensuing
y*-ar and other Imnorvant business. Each
and eveir brother is expected to be pres-
ent. By OTder M of SCA . VATIC H. p^Meat.
DE WITT W. TOLL. Ree. Secretary. |
THE annual meeting of the stockholders or The j
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco, j
Cal.. will be held at its banking-house. 301
Montgomery rt.. San Francisco. Cal.. on
TUESDAY. January 14. l:*V. at 3:15 o'clock
p. m.. for the election of directors to serve
for the er.suinp year and the transaction of
fucIj other business as mar come before the j
mpetinir. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary. {
Son Frinrisco. December 121. 1901. t
AGENTS WASTED.
GOOD canvassers for the city: something en-
tirely new; big money for. live men. Call
a to 1" a. m.. 819 Market St.. room 9.
TWO men wanted to canvass something new.
1067 Market St.. room 1.
ASPHAI/IX'M: nOOFIXC.
CTTY ASPHALTUM CO.. 632 Market St.— Roofs.
riaewafkE. floors: clieap re teg. Tel. Red 2332.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorcee a specialty: quick. *pilet;
no charge without isnccees: established 16 yrs.
Open eveninics by «pp*>intment; phone John 3151.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Varket el. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy: col -
l»ctions:attachments:rrortgages; bills of sale:
partnerships :<leeds; wills drawn ;fees low;opea
eve's. THURSTON. 100g'4 Mkt.. r. 4. opp. 5th.
ADVICE free; no charge L-aless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, S27 Mai«ket st-. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Sprttckeis bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale er Kichanue. 1
NEW bicycles for children, men and women:
largest assortment on the Pacific Coast.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine and Market sts.
BOOKS — XEW AXS> OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL Red 295S.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-70S Mission st.
BtREAU TRDMKS. r . n _,.._^
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. £26 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^SioOoT &AXo^N7~a5out~2b~7eet"from Call
building; rent $125; long lease; rarest
chance in the market. Call R. G. WILKE,
26 >* Kearny Et
A — $1000; PARTNER wanted in pork and deli-
catessen store close to Market st- ; good busi-
ness; only honest party need apply. Call R.
G. WILKE, 26 hi Kearny Et.
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
et.: rent $25; place establ. many years and
doing a good business; value in sight. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny st.
A — $300; CORNER saloon with 3 rooms; rent
$20; good business and finest locatioin in the
Mission. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A — (600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant estab-
lished years; first-class paying; located close
to Chronicle bldg; bargain; call soon. R. G.
WILKE. 26 ii Kearny st.
A— $500; RESTAURANT on Ellis st. doing a
rushing and good paying business ; rent only
$35; place easilv clears $100 per month. R. G.
WILKE, 2ti>.i Kearny Et.
A— $900; SALOON including S furnished rooms;
a splendid paying business; lease; location
can't be beat; rare chance for any one. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26 >A Kearny St.
A — $600; SALOON, Sansome st. ; rent ita; very
choicest location and a good paying *rjsiness.
For particulars. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $1000; CORNER saloon on Sixth st.; rent $60
net: good paying business; no better location
on Sixth st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
STENBERG CO.. 750 Market st_
Phone Black 5491.
Buys and t>ells real estate, furniture, lodging
houses, restaurants, business chances. Phone
calls promptly answered.
CHRISTMAS BARGAINS.
$1100— CONFECTIONERY and candy factory,
clearing $300 monthly; sickness compels sale.
S250 — Cigar store, est- 30 yrs.; living rms.
*300 — Candy store, Ellis st.; central location.
STENBERG CO.. 759 Market sL
MILES & CO., 927 Market St.. room 208.
$4500 — Hotel in dairy country; always full.
$5000— Hotel In farming country; close toclty.
$600 — Restaurant, this city; very central.
$2000 — Saloon and building; rent $40.
A full list cf all kinds business chances too
long to advertise; see us.
PARTNER wanted with small capital In sa-
loon; clears $80 to $90 each; low rent and
long lease. Miles & Co.. 1)27 Msrket. rm. 208.
$2000 — DRUG store; invoice $1800; doctor, will
pay rent; lease 1% years; clears $200 per
month; near Market Bt. ; on a busy street;
fine location. DECKER, 921 Market st.
CIGAR, stand $75; rent $10; can make a good
living; partner wanted in a good chophouse.
DECKER. U21 Market et.
$:S5G — BARBER shop. Sixth St., near Market; 4
chairs; 3 running. DECKER. 021 Market st.
$350 — PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing
business; clears $100 to $150 per month to
each partner. Call 835 Market st.. room 14.
ICECREAM parlor and candy store doing a fine
business; must be sold; price $450; call and
investigate. Room 14. 935 Market st,
$300— PARTNER wanted in light business
Call room 14. 035 Market st.
HEALY & HENDERSON, phone James 2771.
t Eddy St.. rooms IS and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-bouses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, ell lands, leases.
Money to loan on asy of the above.
A — WE buy, sell or exchange business of all
kinds. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny st.
A— *300; PARTNER wanted, first-class saloon;
will clear $100 month to each; experience not
necessary. STRAND A CO., 209 Kearny st.
PARTNER— Real estate, brokerage and insur-
ance; estab. Cal. Bup. Assn. 8C5»4 Market st.
LADT wants honest gentleman partner; moneyl
making business; $120 required. Box 2129
Call office.
5200 — TAILOR shop; must be sold at once ac-
count departure. Box 2S00, Call.
SiSo^RESTAURANT. Market Et.; it's a little
mint; clears $100 month; big snap; must sell
BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st.
A— FOR cigar stands that actually make money
see C. L. HEDGES. 461-4C2 Parrott bldg.
FOR SALE— Saloon, big dining-room and
kitchen: 8 furnished rooms upstairs- rea-
sonable rent and price. Apply 45 Sacramento
St.. between 9 a. m. and 5 p. m.
FIRST-CLASS saloon with grocery, on account
of death. Inquire it 1<597 Folsom st.
5250 — FOR sale: good will and fixtures of sa-
loon; a bargain. Apply 157 Minna st.
$700 — HALF interest In manufacturing busi-
ness; wholesale and retail. 257 Fourth st.
BEST opportunity ever offered — Requiring from
$100 to $1000 for purchase of profitable busl-
. ness located in Pacific Coast States,- Philip-
pines. China, Japan. Hawaiian Islands, Alas-
ka; guaranteed expenses to point of location
Apply 20 O'Farrell st.. room -, between 10
a. m. and 5 u. in.
$5 WON $32 last week — Expert system; rafest
and best devised: advisory bulletin issued
daily. Particular National Turf • Agency
105 Ellis st.
$<i00— ROADHOUEE 6aloon; no opposition; lo-
CRtioti the linest; owner retiring; long lease;
cheap irent. Busines* Board Trade, 220 Pine.
FOR sale — A first-class candy store, good busi-
ness and location, on account of sickness.
Apply C04 O'Farre!!. bet. Taylor and Mason.
ESTABLISHED fruit store, doing- cash bus!-'
ness; two teams; selling on account of ill
health. Box 27fcS. Call office.
RESTAURANT privilege -for sale at Seventh
wad Uarket «U. ( under Odd Fellows' HzM.
ROUTE for sale— A route on this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER. 124 Myrtle St..
Santa Cruz. Cal. - ' |
FOR tale— A good planing mill in a lumber j
yard ; located in • a growing town. Address
P. O. box 459. Healdsbure. Cal.
BLACKSMITH shop for sale. 205 Eighth st.
Established Mfg. wholesale and retail business;
good location; $1000. Call 217 Fifth st.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
1 H. C~L»iEcKErT~1O2O Market st.
36 rooms; '2 entrances: clears S200 $2200]
33 rooms; 2 Tronts; clears $200 2000 |
10 rooms; downtown; clears $80 .... 700
:M rooms; elegant; owner sick 2200;
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 2100 |
44 rooms; line yard.\.' TOCO •
20 rooms: on Kenrny 1400
is rooms; rent $50; sickness I2r>u
18 rooms; sunny corner 1000
10 rooms; downtown 700 |
22 rooms; transient: clears $150 1250;
20 rooms; on Kearny '1400 '
23 rooms; clears $100 950'
UK) rooms; clears S400 6000
00 rooms; clears $350 .......'... U600
54-room corner house 4000
10 rooms; 011 Eddy st f . S50
IS rooms; on Third ist '. '. 950
"i rooms ; 2 fronts ; clears $200. ......... ICOO
■ a:; rooms; best in the city 2000
00 rooms; sure to clear $300 3600
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE..
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
A— Near ths Call Building.
Telephone Black l-S-0-3,
MARION GRIFFIN, 715> Market st.,rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodging-
houses or on real estate.
9 r.: respectable: installments; central. .. .$250
10 r. ; installments: respectable; house full. 300
i!S r.; Installments: permanent and- tran-
sient; rent $00; clears 900 mo.; bargain.. 600
14 r. ;boardlng-hou&e; income $15l> over rent;
brand new; part cash, part in payments. 1300
15 r.;one floor;sunny;swell location; strictly
lst-class; splendid surroundings ;porcelain
baths; marble steps; steady roomers;
clears $58 per mo. ;leaving city:part cash. 1300
38 r. : a central, fashionable family hotel;
elegant furnishings; full; clears $175.
46 r. ; Eutter St.; fine; clears $217 a month.
20 r. ; installments; clears $S0 mo. over rent.1000
24 r. ; rent $40; installments; clears $63 000
SO r. ; fine, sunny corner house; bargain: ...2600
A CHRISTMAS PRESENT A
FOR TOU FOR YOU FOIt YOU
00 rooms; central; transient; rent $200.. $4300
30 rooms; new house; running water
every room ; rent $80 1600 :
15 rooms; bonton: only $300 cash 1)00!
20 rooms; rent 540; business Etreet.... MK)
14 rooms; a snap; rent $45 000
40 rooms; new house; new fur.; rent $75.
10 rooms; fine new sunny flat 1200
25 rooms; sunny corner; rent $90 2200
17 rooms; a money-maker: rent $C0.... 900 I
VACANT HOUSES FURNISHED.
We'll loan you all money needed to buy these
or any house in city?
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
S50 Market st Telephone Davis 2S1.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST.
Any of the following en monthly payments:
9 rooms; bargain: $50 cash, bal. paymts $150
22 rooms; income $200; elegant; bargain. 1500 j
8 rooms; well furnished 400 1
3" rooms; grand transient location 2200
25 rooms; good location; clears $150.... 1200
16 rooms; corner; part cash 1000
25 rooms; clears S00; payments 400
00 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5500
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
15 rooms; respectable; clears $90..'. 1500
20 rooms: good location; money maker.. 750
MONET LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. !>06 Market st.
DO YOU WANT A LODGING-HOUSE?
IF SO
SEE
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 MARKET ST.
(THE RELIABLE AGENTS.)
7 r.; brand new; G. G. ave.; part cash. $550
11 r. ; corner; offices; part cash; $10 monthly.
15 r.; corner: near Powell et $900
17 r. ; rent $30; reduced to , 450
20 r.; brand new furniture: modern bldg.
20 r. ; must sell; make offer; see this! ■ j
28 r. ; apartment house; corner $2500 i
18 r. ; rent only $50; payments 850
C5 r. ; finest corner In city; we have it.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
650 Market st. and S Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
See our list of bargains.
C2 r. : low rent: best house in city: never
changed hands; income $600; investigate.
53 r. ; total expenses $175; apartments $3250
36 r. ; rent S140: first-claes room, house.. 3250
33 r.: rent $150; part offices; good house:. 1800
26 r. ; rent f!)0; clears $100; good fur 1S00
17 r. ; rent $45: cor.; oak fur.; clears $100. 850
11 r.; Jones residence: nice home ,. . (150
7 r. ; rent $45; modern flat; reduced....... 375
McERIDE & CO.. 765 Market St.. rooms 1 and
2 — Workinpmen's houses, 32 rooms $400. 100
rooms S1500, 120 rooms $2000, all full and
money-makers; transient. 23 rooms, all light,
near Market, $1550; must sell, 22 front rooms,
Kearny St., $1800; good houses; 50 more
houses. Call and investigate and if suited
make an offer. .
SPECIAL BARGAINS. ~ *~ ~~
Lodging-houses. Lodging-houses.
CLEAR TITLE.
Money to loan at lowest Interest.
SEE LIST 200 HOUSES.
BRANDON BROS.. 993 Market, rooms 1-2.
$2000 — 44-ROOM lodging-house; all newly fur-
nished: situated on very busy corner: 10 bay-
windows; reason, owner is sick; we have also
50 others: see us before you buy. MILES &
CO.. 927 Market st.. room 2CS.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
sires and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
A— FOR sale, 250 lodging-houses; prices $125
to $5900. See STRAND & CO., 2C9 Kearny.
$650 — 16 ROOMS: nicely furnished housekeep-
ing; rented; payments. 865% Market, r. 1.
$400— LODGING-HOUSE; 16 rooms; all rented;
rent $35; good location. DECKER, 021 Markt.
ROOMING-HOUSE. 17 rooms: rent $30; full of
men: best location: price $400. 28% Clay st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium: spirits speak face to face; seance
Tue.. Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m., 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus., medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings. $1;
letter. $2. 4164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-night. COS McAllister; 10c; come,
skeptics.
BROCKWAY, 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Gough: phone Larkln 1086 — Seances Sun..
Tues.. Thurs., 8:15 p.m.; 25c; readings,10 to 5.
MRS. HARLAND*S circle to-night Wed^
Thurs.; 10c; prophetic readings. 132 Sixth st.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 14S Sixth.
BROCKWAY'S ifceance to-night, 25c. 1052 Ellis
Bt., between Franklin and Gough.
A — PROF. GEE, 103 Sixth St.; satisfactory
readings. 50c, $1; circle every night, 10c.
MME. THYES. removed 993 Market; all receive
tests Sun., Tues., Thurs., 8 p. m.; priv. read.
Mrs. Valeen, automatic writing; palmist, clair.;
succeeds when others fail. 1583 Mrkt, nr* 12th.
KATIE HECSSMAN removed to 1774 15th. nr.
Guerrero; circles Sunday eve., 25c; sit. dally.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C..J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ONE DOLLAR! ONE DOLLAR!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London.
Have a psychic or palmistry . reading and
know thy future and prospects for 1902.
$1.00! $1.00! $1.00! $1.00!
His Regular $5.00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR ONE DOLLAR
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry how to "WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives. full secret
how to control or influence any one you love
or meet; no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours. 10 to 7 dally; 10 to 5
Sundays.
Reception rooms. 13. 14. first floor. '<-'. : .
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known tranc» •
- medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms; Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT,'
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mall.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody:
open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Oth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born. with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; iad!es 50c,
' gentg $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant . and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to S p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 32CA Ellis: clairvoyant,
crystal seer; rca.Cs your life correctly without
ques.; full naniew. 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. LAROSE, 777% Market St., room 21;
gifted clairvoyant; card reader; 25c; no sign.
MME. WINZOLA, medium, palmist and mag-
netic treater; read, dally. 148 Sixth, room 12.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; '.; la-
dies 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL;! TUESDAYS DECEMBER 17, 1901.
CLAIRVOYANTS— Continued. '-J-.j
MME. M. BERNARD, • • r
THE FAMOUS " r N : .
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly. give3 an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
BROOKS. 12CC Msrket— Suite 34 and 33; won-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium: read-
ings. jl & $2; readings by mail; satlsfac. guar.
MISS LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c, > 50c. 168 Tehama st., off 3d.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reader; ladies,
25e; gents. 50c; no sign. 212 Minna, upstairs.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; lad. 25c;
. gents 50c. 051 Mission, nr. Oth ; open Sundays.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dium, price $1. 510%' Leavenworth st., S. F.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
. t spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G." 50c.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from- 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant; fee 25c and
50c. 349^ Minna St.. near* Fifth.
MME. RAVENNA read? life fluently: -business I
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth Ft.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAHLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-S57 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning
3c; renovated, relaid. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter' st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH '& CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS aigr.. 38-40 Sth st. ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
Ingrowing toenalls, bunions and (corns cured
! painless) no knife. Dr. Brown, graduate chi-
: ropodist. indorsed by med.prorn. 304 Stockton.
COLLECTION 'OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency; 6th
i floor; 916 Market st.; advica free. Tel. Bush
134: able body of attorneys. ...
_^ DENTISTS.'
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 60; other fill-""
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by. my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and 'guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor,
4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up;plates, extractions free, $4 60
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D. S.. Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — iannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c;
plates $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24' Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry: let-class prices: lst-
class results. "\V. C. HARDING, M.D., den-
tist, room 24. 14 McAllister st.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates. .... .
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
LOWEST prices in S. F.; painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. h! g!
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DR. R. L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr.Larkin— Pain-
less ext., 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk .1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
-aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS. ~'
DR. CREEL Y'S C."- P.' dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordian and knife pleating, t WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
E DUC ATION AL.
SECOND term night school for men. Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and
Ellis sts. ; 15-week courses, beginning Janu-
ary 6; bookkeeping course' $5, electrical
course $5, English course $3, stenographer's
course $4; classes in algebra, Anglo-Ameri-
can history, architectural drawing, arithme-
tic, assaying, bookkeeping, civil government,"
civil service, commercial geography, com-
mercial law, electricity, elocution, English,-
free-hand drawing, geometry, German, me-
chanical drawing, vocal music, naval archi-
tecture, penmanship, political science,' social
economics, steam engineering, stenography
■and typewriting. Apply af office -for hours
and tuition prices. A. A. MACURDA, Edu-
cational Director; H. J. McCOY, Gen. . Sec.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st., S. F.;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing; bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat, free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment-
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
• Stanford professor. Phelan building. 1
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER.
. MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
. lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
CALIFORNIA Business Colloge; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
, new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
MERRILL-MILLER College — Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
■ vey. assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
, der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners.college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, . 220 Parrott bldg.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building,' 120 O'Farrell st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. | 1236 Market st.
C. HOFFMAN, the European tenor and voice
. builder; Italian' method. Concert and ora-
torio. 1017 Sutter st.
A — Miss Bolte's School. 2734 Pine St.; board;
Eng., French, German, music; $30 mo. ;coach.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
' teacher, 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125. Mason st.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary st. ;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $0 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine Et.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st.,.S. F. ;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
EMPLOYMENT- OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house cleaning i~also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
" George Klnochita, 1233 Page St.; tel. Fell S501,
br"ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.'
JAPANESE and Chinese help . of, all kinds;
cooks, .waiters 'and house' servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.; 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — -Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 510., '
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter;tcl.Blaek 5072.
EMPLOYMENT': WANTED FEMALE."
WANTED— A situation by an elderly lady to
do housework in a private family. (Amerl-
can). Apply 620 Folsom st.
A, YOUNG lady would like a place ■ to . do up-
'.-stairs work and wait at table. Address 418
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT FEMALE.'
YOUNG lady art student would like orders for
i menu tally, name' cards or anything in that
lino. Box 2117. Call.
GOOD, willing- woman; a great housecleaner.
and can do most any kind of work; good ref-
erences; wages $1 per day and car fare; good
washer of flannels. 760A Howard St.. .room 4.
AN American lady desires position to do light
work: olaln cooking; ref s. Box 2128, Call.
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by the
day. or the week: Box 2122. Call.
COLORED woman; flrst-clase cook: first-class
reference; city. Address 253 Jessie st. - '•;
"WANTED by colored woman from East, place
' as first-class cook. 28 Stone st. .
GOOD laundresa wants work by the day; $1 10
; per day; no postals answered. 005 Minna Bt:
YOUNG lady student will work for board In
private family. Box 2127. Call office.
YOUNG woman wants position in doctor's of -
flee; only reliable parties answer. Apply 1520
Mission st.,. . -.. - ■
WANTED— By a young lady, quick to learn, a
position to learn the milliner's trade; will
pay for tuition. Address STAR, box 2116,
Call office. . ■ ... .
DRESSMAKING— A perfect fitter on ladles'
tailoring and evening suits wants engage-
ments; $1 50 per day. 244 Taylor St.
NURSES-72 young women between^O and 30
years of age, of good health and morals. For
particulars apply 1051 Market fit., gakland.
WETNURSE— A healthy woman of 30, having
a healthy baby 1 month old. wishes position
as wetnurse. Apply 1051 Market st.. Oakland.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Bt., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 BO
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia St. ' ■
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
DRUGGIST— 14 years' experience; registered;
permanent position; city or country; immedi-
ately; salary moderate; excellent, references.
Room 4, 322 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
COACHMAN— Young man, thoroughly under-
stands care of carriages, harness and horses
and their proper treatment and a reliable
driver; best of references from moat reliable
families. Address box 2121. Call. j
YOUNG man would like Job to fire engine in
city or country; no experience. Box 2124,
Call office. . • , -■_
FIRST-CLASS coachman and /valet; single;
1 neat appearance; sober; uses no tobacco; will-
- Ing and obliging; expert horseman and driver;
very best references. Address box 2033, Call. ;
A POSITION with surveying party by steady,
. sober and reliable young man with some ex-
perience ; am ■ hydrographer and sextant ob-
fierver; best of reference. Box 2120. Call.
COACHMAN desires situation in private fam-
ily; .experienced, steady man; uses no tobac-
. co. city and country references. Box 2119, Call.
WANTED — Position by steady, active, capable
man, not afraid of work. In office or other-
wise; good references. Box 2120, Call. i
RESPECTABLE young man wishes emp. about
private res. ; accus. to horses. Box 2125, Call. !
YOUNG German wants a position; willing to
do any kind of work. 315% Jessie st.
MAN familiar with the city will drive and
care for one or two horses. Box 2541, Call.
BARBER (first class) wants steady Job. Ad-
dress box 2118. Call.
FIRST-CLASS dairyman wishes to take charge
of dairy of 70 cows with his own help; good
references; reasonable wages. T. D,, 21%
Harrison ave., off Folsom st.
SOBER young man of 25 wants work of any
kind, or would work In packing-house or
machine shop: 8 years' experience In dried
fruit; good references. Box 2106, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as bartender; . city or
country. Address B. WACHTER, 522 Stock-
ton Et.
WANTED — Position* by young man; experi-
enced bookkeeper and shipping clerk; relia-
ble and industrious; references. Box 2733.
Call.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class dry goods
man and good window dresser; small Balary
no objection; best of references. Address
box 2791. Call office. ■
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st..
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencla st. ■ -
FACTORY FOR RENT.
FOR rent for a term of years — 2-story factory;
657-659 Bryant St., bet. Fourth and Fifth;
with power and machinery; suitable for any
kind of woodworking plant. Apply , to en-
glneer on premises. . .
FINANCIAL.
pXcfFIC^C^aTr^ndwwriUngrcJ. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and financed, stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post St.
FLATS TO LEt7~
LOWER flat; 2505^4 Howard st; 5 rooms and
bath; warm belt.
MODERN flat; 6- rooms; marine view. -28
Pleasant St.. nr. Sacramento, above Taylor.
O'FARRELL. 1935— Modern flat, 6 sunny
rdoms, bath, yard. and basement; reasonable.
VALLEJO, 1220, bet. Hyde & Leavenworth —
■ Cottage, flat 4 rms.; yard; marine view; $12.
$8 — UPPER rear flat of 3 sunny rooms. 27
Pearl st., off Market, near Valencia.
$25— MODERN flat, SE. cor. of McAllister and
Broderlck sts.; 6 rooms and bath.
A Vi'EEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of an elegant home lor sale,
with the privileges of renting, r Box 2710,'
Call office. .
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 60, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED. f~~~
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market st. ; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st ; telephone Larkln
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.'
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
CHRISTMAS present— Danicheff glove order;
factory price guar.: kept In repair. 121 Grant.
WANTED — FEMALE.
"MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575"
.;.... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, south, $25: waitress, near city, $20;
■■ 5 waitresses, city, $20; chambermaid, coun-
try, $25; 2 waitresses, same place, $20; 3
chambermaids to wait, $20 :'.......... .
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..'......
Housegirls, $25. for Berkeley, Oakland, Ala-
, meda; housegirl, $30, Napa; second girl,
5 country, $20; • waitress, city, $25; many
choice places. MRS. M. B. DAY & CO., 335
Geary st. . •
AT the California Employment Agency, B0
Third St., near Call building; phone Bush
% 405 — Woman cook, country hotel, fare paid,
$30 per month.
EMPLOYES Standard Shirt Factory— Work
has been resumed in all departments.
ATTENTION ! • ' ■ ) IffffifllP
ATTENTION!
ATTENTION! (, ■■ • . * .v.:V
200 experienced-, operators and a number of
: young girls to learn at Standard Shirt Fac-
tory.- corner Gough and Grove sts., at once.
WANTED— Working girls and- women;, the S.
■ F. Hairdressing College "-teaches • you In 3
• 'weeks hairdressinsr, , manicuring, facial mas-
sage, dyeing and bleaching; eve. classes; po-
sitions secured; more calls for help than we
can fill; entire icourse S5. 233 Geary, rooms
-13-15. -,- ;.--•■. . -
GIRL ' ! for "general ■■■ housework; small family:
$20.'- Call -morning or after 4 p. m., 2967
Howard st. . : . : -
GIRL wanted to do , ; '•" general • • housework . : In
"small family;', references required.' Apply at
:/ 314 .Hyde st. ■/■•:■ • : -
25 HANDSOME young girls wanted for con-
- cert,* hall,- 525% Pacific st. ; . none under. 13
need apply; 7:30 p. m, ' .
ATC. R. HANSEN & CO.... Phone Grant 185
••>...... . . HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..... ...
Head waitress, city ....$35
;' 2 waitresses, mining and- traveling men's
hotel I $20
Chambermaid, to wait one meal. $20
10 waitresses, city and country .$20
Chambermaid to wait one meal .....$2U
"• German cook, small hotel country $25
. ........ FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
Many ' places in this line for cooks, second
girls, nureegirls, city ana country, $1O-S25.
C. R. HANSEN-& CO 104 Geary st.
A — COOK for a family in institution, must wait
at table, but no dishwashing, $25, country.
., choice place. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary. st. •
A — GERMAN woman .with a child to cook in
- country, $25, or a woman cook, German, $30.
see party here at 11 a. m. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
A — MAN and wife. German, mining town. $50;
man to drive team, woman to cook. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ,
WANTED— Working housekeeper. $15. coun-
try; man and wife, ranch, 7 men, see party
here 10 o'clock, $45; 14 cooks. $25, $30, with
and without washing; 4 second girls, $20,
$2o; ,4 hotel waitresses, $20, $25; nurse 2
children, $20; 4 cooks for Oakland, $20, $25;
housework, Alameda $25; cook 10 men on
ranch, $25; kitchen helper, $20; chamber-
work and sewing, cquntry, $20, see lady at
11 o'clock to-day; 19 girls for housework in
nice families in Oakland. Alameda, San Ra-
fael and city, with and without washing,
$20; $25, $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st. •
GIRL* to assist: wages $10. 306 Second ave.,
near Point Loboa aye.
WANTED— A wetnurse. Call at 1611 Leav-
enworth st. '
GIRL for general housework, cooking and laun-
dry; $25 month. Apply this alt.. 1)48 Haight.
YOUNG lady to attend candy store. 1811 De-
vlsadero St., near Bush.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking; paid. 1415
Hyde st.
GIRL for dressmaking; do tucking and work
on waists. -2416 Bush st.
YOUNG girl to assist with housekeeping. 647
Jessie st.
WANTED — Cashier for clothing store. Apply
at the Monarch Clothing Co.. 915 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats. 3 Brook St.,
over 738 Market St., room 5.
FIRST-CLASS lunch waitress wanted. Peo-
ple's Restaurant. 631 Clay st.
OPERATORS to work In factory. 656 Mla-
bIot St., fourth floor.
FINISHER wanted on custom coats. 301
Franklin st. :
WANTED — Experienced man and wife for farm
work; good references. Apply 102J. ]^ Market.
WANTED — A young lady for. packing candy.
GRUENHAGEN BP>OS.. 20 Kearny st.
GOOD experienced power sewing machine oper-
ator, or one that has worked in overall fac-
tory. 1139 Missio'. st.
GIRL for general housework; good plain cook;
wages $20; references. 3668 Twentieth ;st.
WANTED — A neat girl for second work; must
know how to sew. 1180 O'Farrell st. V
OPERATORS at Levl Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, 32% Fremont St.; no experience
■ necessary ; good ■ pay, steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
) -
WANTED— A first-class waitress; good wages.
Apply Hotel Crocker, 915 Leavenworth st.
WANTED — 25 .young women living at home,
who embroider, I to train . for teaching em-
broidery in the Japanese method; training
. free and position assured: teachers paid 50c
per lesson; can give 4 a day. Box 2316, Call.
A "WOMAN, free from home cares, can secure
permanent - position by addressing at once.
Box 2753. Call office.
GIRLS, 1 be independent: entire course in halr-
dresslng; 3 weeks. $5; materials furnished.
633 E1U3 st.. ground floor.
EXPERIENCED operators on hemstitching
machine. 220 Sutter St.. room 25.
APPRENTICES for ladies' tailoring; paid and
steady. S10 Post st.
WANTED — Sales women. Apply at HALE
BROS. '.before 11 a. m. .
CHAMBERMAID wanted at New Mechanics*
Hotel. 444 Brannan st.
WANTED — Experienced saleswoman. Apply
between 8. and 11. a. m.. HALE BROS.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
2 FARMERS and .wives. $35 and $40; handy
man about •■ creamery and wife, $45; first-
class gardener; bootblack, $10 week; car-
riage blacksmith, $3 to $3 50 day; 3 more
grubbers/ $20 and found; car builders, . piece
. work; tiemakers; woodchoppers; driver for
milk wagon, $30 and found; tiemakers;
woochoppers; laborers for quarry, $2 day;
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., C28
Sacramento st.
HOTEL cook for country, $45 and found; res-
• taurant baker. $40; cook and wife, country
. restaurant, $50; young man for officers' mesa,
$16 'to $24 and found; waiters, dishwashers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st. j
A — GERMAN cook for restaurant, city, $14 a
week; window baker for muffins, butter
cakes, etc., $10 a week. MRS. M. E. DAY &
CO., S35 Geary st.
"A — COOK for commercial hotel, I country, must
hire own second and dishwasher, $110 for
crew. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary.
WANTED — Reliable young man with $75 cash;
light indoor work; $15 week; steady place; no
experience; only those meaning business need
apply. BROWN. 1221 Market St., upstairs.
WANTED — Men of good appearance to solicit
and collect. Apply 'bet. 12 and 1, WM. W.
LYON, 405. Montgomery st.- •
WANTED — 10 basalt block makers. Apply to
C. S. HARNEY. room 215, Clunie building;
hours 1 to 3 p. m.
WANTED — Smart young man who understands
Gordon press and type cases. MOISE, 320
Sansome st,
WANTED — A strong young man to work about
. house, $20 a month and found. Apply 1815
Sutter st.
BARBER chairs — Two high-grade hydraulics,,
nearly new, will be sold at extremely low
price. STOLTZ. 723 Market. History bldg.
BARBER shop and baths; one of the best in
Bakersfleld; good barber can buy it with one
of men working there. STOLTZ, 723 Market.
BOY wanted — Mutual Label and Lltho. Co.,
Second and Bryant sta., Second-st. entrance.
DISHWASHER at 567 Sixth st.
BOY for plumbing shop. Call between 7:30
and 8:30. 623 Davis st.* '^
BARBERS — C. REECE, Job open, 325 Georgia
. St., Vallejo; come on.
ELDERLY French cook for lunch. 1231 Mar-
• ket st. ■ ' . -
BOARDING-HOUSE waiter wanted at 2021
Folsom St., near Sixteenth.
WANTED— Good cooper on sugar barrels;
J steady work. Inquire 847 Florida St.- •
STEADY man with $150 cash can make $75
month. Apply at 2C9 Kearny St., room 1.
MAN, general house and kitchen work, $10 mo.,
board and room. Villa Mlramar, Ocean blvrd.
WANTED — Tailor on coats. 3 Brook st., over
738 Market St., room 6. .
WANTED — Painter. HaiKht St., near Devis-
adero.
WANTED — A young butcher. People's Market.
2599 Market st. •
LUNCH waiter wanted for 1 hour; 35c. 1224
Point . Loboa ave. ,
BOY wanted. JONES & CO., 704 Larkln' st.
BOOTBLACK wanted; steady Job; good wages
•» and found. 1048 McAllister st.
TAILOR and cutter wanted; good references.
Box 2128. Call office.
SECOND cook at 10 Powell st.
WANTED— Young " man about 20, I wholesale
house. Call 643 Market St., third floor. -
STEADY man: with $150 cash can. make $75
month. i» Apply at 209 Kearny St., . room 1. ,
WANTED — Good steady union barber; no other
- need apply.- 1751) Union st. •
ALL sizes men's shoes Blightly damaged, half
■ price.. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits . for the marine corps, U.
; S. navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
■■ character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
.Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further inforroati^i apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellfs, st., San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 035 Clay st.-
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed ' Rolkln." Reno House proprietor, still
. runs Denver. House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
■ rooms;. 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. -
MEN'S furnishing goods -salesman.' Apply
with - references. ' EAGLESON & CO.7 635
Market st. . .
AN ' old established 4-chair barber shop for sale
cheap. ' Box 2787, Call office.
' HELP WANTED—- MALE— -Con.
A— MURRAY & READY..;. Phone Main 5&4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
. OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M
Carriage trimmer, country shop, $3 a day; 2
sash-weight molders; 3 machinists, 9 hours a
day; 3 furnace men, quicksilver mine; slack
cooper. $35 and found: 5 block makers, see
boss here; 15 farm hands; 0 rarmers, orchard
work; 5 plow teamsters, $30 and found: 6
pruners. apricot and peach trees, $30 and
*- found: buggy^ washer; stableman. $40. and
$50; dairyman and make butter, $35 and
found; 3 chore men; 2 chore boys; 10 tie-
makers, good job, 12c each; 25 woodchoppers,
$1 25 to $1 50 cord; milk- wagon driver, city.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker for a mine, $45 and found and fare
paid; mess boy f or . a Government station.
$18 and found; pantryman, $25; cook and
wife, man as cook, wife as waitress, ?C0 and
found; 7 cooks, different places; 4 waiters,
country: cake-baker. $35; dishwashers and
kitchen help.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
FOREMAN J. J. QUILE or QUALE please call
early. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
A.T W. D. EWER & CO.'S 610 Clay st.
Working ranch foreman $35 to $40
Porter, country hotel $20
Baker, country shop ' $45 and found
Mess boy. Government station $1U to $20
Farmer, steady place... $26
WANTED-^-Carriage woodworker and all-round
' man. 265 Stevenson St., or Bay View Car-
riage Factory, San Rafael. -■. -■'---. -g* .:
BARBER shop In country; fine place for man
and wife. Inquire at WILL & FINCK'S. •
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m.. HALE BROS.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 663 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Cash boys. Apply between 8 and
11 a. m.. HALE BROS.
ABLE solicitors can earn {100 per week on our
./ propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
600 MEN to buy new and Zd-hand army shoes
: EOc up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.. nr. 6th.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart at.
McDONALD & PERRY have COO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up.; 241 Third st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bull Is. 3, 40, Phelan
big. Fast com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to aad from ferry.
HORSES AJiD WACOSS.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday. Dec. 18. at 11 a. m., at the Ar-
cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
ONE secdhd-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth St. '
FULL line German Government horses always
n hand. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
SOME fine gentle carriage and driving horses
for sale at 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road, horses. DALZIEL. 6C5 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGA1ST & SON, 2117 Mission St. j
AN if No. 1 express wagon, single; also light'
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 623 Mission. '■
HOUSES TO LET.
A^^^il^El)TisT^ouses"Vo let; senTitor^cS^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Large fox terrier, with red collar, an- '
swers to name "Jack," nr. Corona, Sonoma
Co., Cal Notify A. VON HADELN, 1601
Powell st., city; suitable reward. .
LOST — If the party who took an overcoat 4
days ago will return the papers in the pock-
ets he can have coat and no questions asked.
Box 271'J, Call office.
LOST — Watch fob, presented to Thos. H. An-
drews, Grand Opera-house. ; Return to 531
Turk st. and receive reward. -
LOST — Marsh shorthand book.* Return to 201
Cortland ave.; reward.
LOST — In Park, Sunday afternoon, a silver
chatelaine purse containing $5 in gold and
about $2 in silver and a trunk key. Return
to 2260 Fifteenth St.; reward.
LOST — Sunday, gold wire ring, small chip dia-
mond. Return to J. McC, 223 California st.;
reward.
$20 REWARD— Palace of Art. IS Post, round
magnifying glass; broken rim; no questions.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st, needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
18 pases. In wrapper for mailing. St per year.
MACHINE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works. 415% Sacramento St..
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4. 8. 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
JHATRIMONIAIi.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned' and sterilised, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421. ■
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick ,and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands ; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET is a graduate of. the Royal
University of Berlin in midwifery cases; takes
ladles before and during confinement, with the
best of care; infants adopted; Trill take two
to work at my private residence, on . 606
Guerrero St.. near Eighteenth; phone Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist;
30 years' experience: instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist, 410 O'FarTell st.
MRS. M. WEGENER, ladles' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home In confinement. 210 Eddy st,. near
Taylor, formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
NURSE — Confinement cases a specialty; Al
references; $15; calls answered at once. Ad-
dress MRS. E. M. GEE. 508% Fifteenth St..
St. Elmo. Oakland. ■••..<>
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
In confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
THE original MRS. DAVIES Is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:39 p. m.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
' confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician: 25 yrs.'
successful experience in S. F. Maternity
Home. 906 Market, opp. 4th. ■:-'
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square: all dlsgayp* cured hy herbs.
-- MISCELLANEOUS— -JFORSAI4E.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue,
A TRIUMPH of art is the lS-karat gold, stera-
windins, diamond Jeweled, fly-back, split-
second, stop watch, striking the hours and
minutes: perfectly new; the finest made: cost
$800; offered for 3 days for $340. At M AN-
NIE'S, 32 Stockton st. .
AUCTION sale. Dec. 18. 10 a. m.— About 200
Government wagons, pumps, boilers, en- i
gines, elevators, machine shop tools, etc.:.
write for list. J. C. BAKER, 410 Third st,
Oakland. -
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
and Retail; Special for Xmas; Children's
Toy Furniture Se*s.
;'iy .-■-■-: UYEDA CO.. 422 and 424 Geary nt.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear,- machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
WOULD make a nice Christmas present ; seal-
skin; bust 36; will sell for $80; Just remod-
eled; original coat $225. Box 2609. Call. - : ; .
A FINE Great Dane, well trained, good watch
dog or for boy and cart, $25. 110 Twenty-
-: ninth st.
CANARY birds; most acceptable. Christmas
present; rollers and others. Cheap at LOH-
MANN'S. 3168 Sixteenth st. ~- . . " .
GENT'S black suits for. mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton
et., upstairs.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, Jl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near "ine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 75. ■ MISFIT
.CLOTHING PARLORS. 437. Montgomery at.
A 14-KARAT solid gold Howard watch worth
$150. for $60. MANNIE'S. 32 Stockton st.
16 *" 11 * " t0Te at b * lf prloe -
MIS CEI.LASEOCS— FOR 9f —E— Cwfr.
THE Dumond violin collection, rarest sped--
men, on sale 2 to 5 daily. Rm. 4, 126 Ellis.
FOR sale — Doll bonnets at 50 Board man place.
OLD Schweitzer violin, 1815, worth $250. only
$00. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton at.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 50. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton St.
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $3.
Misfit Parlo'rs, 23 Stockton st. ■
WALLPAPER, 3o a roll; paper hanging, eto.
MERIGAN. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
FOR sale — Beautiful tapestry painting. 4xB ft.,
subject. "Motherhood." Apply 3S71 17th st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
FOR sale — A Call newspaper route of. 500
names. Inquire telephone Kate 2Ot7.
NEW and 2nd hand boilers, engines, pumps,
pipe and supplies. H. S. White, 516 Mission.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. S9S Mission at.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 133 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 21g California at.
SAFES^-New and second hand. THE HER-*
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boiler*^
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenaoa^
NEW Singer sewing machine; & drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny st.. rm. 23.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and slzea.
JACOB SCHWERDT. S21 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand movlnr pie-
torts. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ami
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia at.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once box 1205, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Folsom 2522.
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sold. Silverman, 934 Folsom ;tel.Folsom 1131.
HIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
, MOXEYJTOJLOA^
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner buildlnV.
$4,500,000 at lowest ratea
on first and second mortgages ......
Life interests in estates .........
Property being held in trust
Undivided interests in real estate .....
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorta and sizes..
If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
' $000,000 at 5% & 6 per cent in sums to, suit;
. City, Oakland. Town and Country property^*
Second mortgages, life Insurance and securf.V
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-"
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MA.X~
- HATTAN LOA*N CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 8 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; 30 delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
... R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st., room 3
ANT proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loars. Room 16,
1st floor, Chronicle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established In 1863;
proper place to boijow money on diamonds,
jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant ave., nr. Mkt.; tel. Black 5471.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal; any
amount: lowest rates; open evenings 7 to 8.
BECKER & CO.. 927 Market St.. room 813.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est ratea. Baldwin Jewelry Store 848 Market
st. ; tel. Main. 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods In warehouse, etc.; any ami. ; lew-
est rates; private. Ormsby, '26 Montgomery st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 600 Ejcamlner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory blOg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy tents; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market at., room 68.
3% ON furniture and pianos; $15 up; no re-
moval; open evenings. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commia. ; confidential. Whitehead. 1710 Mrkt.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan; Indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON country real estate/- furniture, pianos; low-
est rate; no removal. 927 Market st.. rm. 20S.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a raonth on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome at.
ON SALARIES without indorser: other propo-
aitlons. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. • "Western Loan Co*. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL grades sold by the Heine Piano Co. ; sole
agents most famous and oldest American
makes; easy payments: big allowance for old
pianos; rents $2 up allowed.
A GREAT OPPORTUNITY.
Our new building and hall wilij be completed
before March 1. We are now Making a spe-
cial reduction for the holidays to clear out
our slightly used goods. Among them ara
the following immense bargains:
1 small upright, mahogany $39
1 small upright, walnut $93
1 small upright, black case $145
6 Chickering uprights from $125 to S325
4 Steinway uprights from $1S5 to $500
2 Hallet & Davis uprights $323 and $650
3 Conovers, uprights $150, $223 and $325
2 Sohmer uprights .'...$165 and $105
2 Webers $95 and $175
And many others; you name the terms.
Open evenings during this sale.
Bright, aggressive and competent men to
learn to sell our pianos In every town ortha
Pacific Coast.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
A GOOD thing to recollect Is this: We do not
reckon a sale complete unless the customer
gets all he Is entitled to. We give a perfect,
sound and undamaged new piano for lesa
money than is often asked for patched up
and made over instruments, worked off under
all sorts of disguises. It is much better to
get a reliable new piano that Is known, than
a "bargain" that is good only for the tima
being. Our pianos or customers are not
"wrecked." Ask about our new plan of
$1 50 per week. We sell Wlssner. Decker
& Son. Baumeister. Steger and Singer pianos.
Call and see us — open evenings. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
WE have Just received the latest designs in art
pianos, a great assortment in Sohmer. Byron
Mat'zy and Lester Pianos. BYRON MACZY.
303 Post st.
A GRAND concert every afternoon, 2 to 4. by
Cecilian Piano Player at BYRON MAUZY'S.
308-310-312 Post St.
CHRISTMAS Specials In small musical instru-i
ments. Guitars, Violins, Mandolins, Banjos v l
bargains in all makes. BYRON MAUZY, '
308 Post st
SELECT your Christmas Pianos; Bow; we de-
liver for Christmas present fit your order.
BYRON MAUZY. 3C8-310-312 Post st.
A LOT of slightly used pianos. J30 up. Re-
member we are open evening!! until Christ-
mat BYRON MAUZY. SCS-31D-312 Post st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, ia tae largest west
cf Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month: some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $3 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
• Kearny and Sutter sta.. San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from JSO up.
Second-hand organs from tIS up: new upright
pianos from $173 up. BENJ. CDRTAZ fc
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farren. Chickering. Mason
& Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
A FULL-SIZED upright piar.o, $*5; six-octav»
Ma5on & Hamlin organ. $35: Steinway
square. $100- elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months. $275: Eech-
steln baby jrand. almost new. BOWERS J5s
SON, 23 Fifth St.; IVERS & POND. Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlm«
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
' lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a planar?"
from us. KOHLKR & CHASE. 30 O'Farrei;/
St.; established 1850. ZX
1 . — .
EXCITING bargains— Three cars new high-
grade pianos stored 'with us; ordered sold to
realize advances and storage; dirt cheap (In-
. stall merits); open evenings until f:M. WIX—
BON'S Storage, 1710 Market it.PRICES THE LOWEST.
O V.?~- r! 2 n0S - , the Ieaaln e makers: price $1W
t£^x-^ :^ aIueR best ln the clt y- PIERCE" S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. Mth & Church.
COMPELLED to sell account departure, new
a-peoal standard upright piano. 777 Geary.
0 f £ ee: ? art y will give use of piano to
party who will try to gell It. R. 36. 217 Geary.
UKEEDA a piano for the holidays; rent one;
total cost ?5. 560 Hayea ct.
'Iit 1^^ 1 " le " ° n 6ale; price $155 - R **•
1125— SCHLEip upricht. excellent condition.
n-. Erard upright. Horaung, 216 McAllister.
6 »rm 1 T I 55 Vlol l ns - old and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 1 Latham place.
fcCHMITZ. H McAllister et.
A cu K1 T EFF^ s ' a Turl » rt., near Market-
ghor.lntrer. Schubert ar.rt Steinwav barAln"
A> P_gJ£gES TO LET.
A PHTSICIAJC oeritra-lly located •wishes to
S i^ fflC t <SVlth another Pbyeiclan. Ad-
Cress, with reference, box 2778, Call.
GEARY, 2301, cor. BrodeTick— Store Fuitlble
for grocer?- and bar. Apply 2303 Geary Vt
£ OIL-
OILviankE. second liandTln good order; "all
Ely: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
MISS LEMPP. palmist; hours 10 a. m to 8 p
m.; Sundays by app't. 1247 Mission, nr. 19th.
H JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 513
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
NEERGAARD, president St. Germain College.
reads from 1 to 4. TOO Post; phone Hyde 2333.
_JPAJIXTJERS^*^DDECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done,
. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Red 3521.
N TS AXD PENSIONS.
PENSION advice free; general practitioner.
Geo. D. Campbell, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
rankciAKi axd surgeons.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1C21V, -Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at offlce. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A ~ DR - WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
«64-7C6 Clay Et.; gee testimonials at offlce.
PERSOXALS.
ARTISTIC h&irdressing 2ic, manicuring 25c,
pents 1 manicuring 50c. by experts; best hair
work at reasonable prices; baths, most ele-
frant in city, 25c; our specialties, scalp treat-
ment and face massage; Patti Beauty Cream
50o; headquarters for genuine Farina Cologne;
dainty Russian tea served free to all visitors
ct tha BON-TON. 324 Post St.
WlA. any of the passengers who saw the gen-
» tl~isn thrown off car en corner Mission and
i'ishth sts. on the evening of Monday. Nov.
IS. r.KU. please send their address to 1217
Market st.. or room 40. gixth floor. Mills bldg.
AN ole^ant line of remnants for suits to order,
SID; with these yuits we make aj» extra pair
of pants-free of charge; ether suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
tit by using Standard Patterns; Dec. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS
Dcir.cstlc office. ICgl Market St.. near Sixth.'
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
'"ontfr.ental methods: electric roleau; super-
fluous hair, moles, ftc. removed by electric
nefd'.e. MME. ZEPHEY. 1258 California st.
ELTCCTIUC lipht in every room— Winchester
'l<-:tel. U Third St.. near Market: 703 rooms;
2T-c to SI M per r.ight; $1 . r >O to ?tt per week;
free 'bus find baggage to and from the ferry.
THE latest ::n.1 best things in ladies' ready to
wear jrarn-.crts. tailor-made suits, skirts, on
installment;-, at C. F. ADAMS CO.. loM 5th.
FOTI the bpft hair at cheapest prices 50 to
LEDEREH. Switches. ?1. $1 SO. S2: ha'.r-
dresFing. G. LHDEREP., 12; Stocktcn.
RARE and unique presents fcr the holidays at
The Old Curiosity Store. 11« Geary st.. NAT
RAPHAEL; ncveltits of every Otrscriptifm.
WHITE enamel iron beds, sinuie, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton n., near P-roaJway.
yLD care for drunkenness: sure remedv; tes-
/▼ timor.ials. MOQgEU CO.. I12j Geary st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and mol^s destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Satter st.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G. S.Z.Ioore, 'X',2 C Farrell ; send for circular.
Urs. Brigps — Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. 'MH Sutter; tel. Larkin3171.
MASQUERADE costumes, play cooes, wigs;
country orders. GOLDgTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson s. theatri-
cal costumer, 20 O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits, ?7 50; dress pants. $2 00.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Durxrat.
ER. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT,
the best corn cure; 25c; ail druggists.
ALFRKDUMS Eg-yptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural cclor: $1; at all druggists.
BOO MEX wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors, 115 Kearny st-
PLAMNG AXD TIRXIXG MILLS.
■WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planinp, Shaping
'* aid Sawlr.g. CARL F. HAAS. 1)5 Fremont.
REAL ESTATE CITV FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
£2S Market Street.
AUCTION !
AUCTION !
AUCTION '.
TUESDAY December 17. 1901
At Our Salesroom. CSS Market Street,
At 12 O'clock Nccn.
V KTOOSfD ET- IMPROVED PROPERTY.
J>,--' ortheast side of Second st.. 127:6 southeast
£«tf Brannan— Improvements consist cf 12 flats of
6. C roerr.s and a grocery en Second st. ; also IS
cottages cf 4 rooms each on Rincon ave. ; rents '■
ICSSS per annum; large lot. 137:6x235 feet,
through to Japan Et.
HAIGHT ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
South side (Nos. 13S-137) Haignt st.. 37:6 :
icr-t cast of Laguna — Two fine substantial ;
houses of 6, :; rooms and bath each; rents $72 50
pfcr month; lot 50x17:6.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
North side (Nos. 7S-7SV*) Elliott Park, 440 feet
Jjjujt of Steiner St.. and between Geary and
O'Farrell ets— Two nice flats of 4. S rooms and
bath; rfftts <23 per month; lot 22x70 f»et.
KOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
fSuthcairt side (Nos. 823-925U) Natoma St., 125
fPet nottheaEt of E^/Ventl-— Two froru: flats, 4.
f rooms and bath, and a rear cottage, 4 rooms;
'rents $25 per month; lot 25x75 feet.
POINT LOBOS AVE. INVESTMENT
North side «31«-22C-222) Point Lobes ave., 89:2
feet west of Wood 6t.— Two good flats, 5 rooms
end bsth each and a two-story house, 6 rooms
and bath; mortjraee of $3000 can remain at 6 per
cent; lot :*:\f!;Z "eet.
. . ,.T?ESTEEN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
South tide (No. 925) Haight ft., 125 feet west
cf Devisadero— An imposing, well-built house
of 7 rooms and bath and basement; cement
walk; lot 2ixI27:6 feet.
MISSION HOME.
North side. (No. 433Z) Army st., 210 feet west
of Diamond— A well-built house, 4 rooms; al.-o
Ftabl*; S stalls, loft, well, windmill and tank;
rent $11; large let. 110x114 feet.
MISSION FLATS.
Wfrt Bid"? (M86) of Dolores et.. 76:6 feet north
ol^.th— Two well-built flats of 5, 6 rooms;
rel^- 538 per month; lot 23x100 feet. •
CITY LAND ASSOCIATION LOTS.
South side of Garfleld St., 75 feet west of
Ralston— Two lots, 25x100 feet.
CHOICE EUNNYSIDE LOTS.
Southwest corner Sunnyeide ave. and Baden
rt., also south eide of Sunnyslde ave., 75 feet
wcet of Baden et.— Three lots. 25x100 feet each.
■ EASTON, ELERIDGE &. CO..
CSS Market et.
THE undersigned calls the attention of those
who have property to dispose of in the dis-
trict between I4th,and UOth sts., and on
streets between Sanchex and Howard, to sub-
mit proiositions to sell. W. J. GUNN. 530
California st.
IF you have any property to sell on Vallejo,
Green, Union, Filbert or Lombard, -west of
Van r»es* avenue, then call on the under-
signed. W- J. GUNN, 530 California st. .
f22.OO0 FOR » acre* of nicely located city prop-
erty suitable for subdividing Into building
Jots; sewer extends to property line; will
cell one-half Interest for $11,500; principals
only. Addreee at once box 23C9, Call offlce.
KOtt rent or sale — At Ocean View, In city llm-
Jt«, thirty-two fine Iota, with house of »lx
rooms; will sell or rent very low. Address
box 27C-S, Call office. - .
A RAP.GAIN — Three lots In the Mission, f 1000
\a**h; situated on San Jose ave. and 27th st.
-If dres» box 2774. Call offlce.
FGii SALE^ — Sacrifice; handsome flats; Mission
warm belt; choice location. Owner, box 2732,
Call offlce.
HOUSE for sale, cor. Mission and Twenty-
eecond st£.. lo be removed. Apply at house.
REAL ESTATE— CODXTRY For Sale
SALE~NEAR SAN^FRANCISCO^
Email tracts, $60 to $30 per acre, on Rancho
Cctatt. Sonoma Co.: future value assured, as
Ban Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St.. for pam-
j phtets and information.
PROFITABLE orango. lemon, peach & prune
lands to bcII; right locality: big money; easy
payments. Hcaly & Hendereon, 6 Eddy st.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C R. WINF1ELD. Petaluma. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
— — — j
ALAMEDA ItE AL ESTATE.
FOR SALE — Foreclosure property, lots- and
houses. J. H. YOUNG, builder, 1243 Park
8t.. Alameda.
BARGAINS: improved & unimproved -property
acquired by foreclosure; *& cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKEIiEY REAL ESTATE.
12 HOMES, ranging In prices from $2000 to
$3000 on terms of from $50 to $100 down, all
in the course of construction; all modern and
have from 6 rooms and bath up to 9 rooms and
bath; situated on the local Berkeley roa-i.
giving tbe same service and time as the Oak-
land local from Seventh and Broadway lo
San Francisco. Further Information apply
A. J. SNYDER,
467 Ninth st.. Oakland. Cal.
Or Branch Office
A. J. SNYDER,
Adeline Station. Berkeley.
FOR rent — 3 acres land; email cow barn; good
j house; fruit trees; rent $11 a month; for sale
j on same place; 0 dozen chickens, chicken
houses, fences, water pipes and other uten-
sils. lOSt Hopkins St.. North Berkeley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFlCfc— 1118 BkuADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$4:tOO— A BRAND NEW HOUSE.
Location, 2uth and Webster sts. ; lot 43 feet
frontage; house or 7 rooms and bath; open
and nickel plumbing; the latest In every (>.tall
and tinish; this property originally belonged
to an estate and it now must be sold; only
a few blocks to 14th and Broadway, local
trains and business center and Postofflce; this
l.roperty can be rented for $45 per month;
house a good investment if purchaser did not
desire to occupy it.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
$0500 — RESIDENCE IN LINDA VISTA.
The very nob hill of Oakland; lot 75 feet
frontage; large house of 9 rooms, barn; all
;n first-class condition; almost new; this prop-
erty should sell for $10,000; an Ideal home and
a tirst-class location.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
- 1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
$-G00— SHOULD SELL FOR $3500.
Almost new 6-room house; note, lot 60x140;
Mir.ny exposure; street work all complete; ln
first-clars condition; near cars, schools and
business center; owner a non-resident and our
| instructions are to sell without reserve to the
highest and best bidder; terms only $500 cash,
I'balance can remain on mortgage; purchaser
can pay cr.t-h if he so desires.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$3750 — FINE corner residence on main thor-
oughfare; close in; 7 rooms; elegantly fin-
ished In hardwood; stairway of white cedar;
up to dale plumbing; cementea basement,
lawn front and rear; must be sold; owner
going away; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$1750— ORIGINAL COST $3500.
Store. 3 living- rooms and a large corner lot;
! an elegant place for a grocery, bakery or
laundry; death of the owner cause for selling;
the late owner of the property conducted a
\try successful grocery business and left con-
siderable money as a result of his success in
business, the estate must be closed, at once,
hence the sacrifice ; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
TO-DAY— LAST DAY!
TO-DAY— LAST DAY.
TO-DAY— LAST DAY.
TO-DAY — LAST DAY.
TO-DAY— LAST DAY.
A— KPCriAL— IMMEDIATE SALE!
Our Contract Expires To-night 12 p. m.
Necessitates Immediate Sale.
Our Contract Expires To-night 12 p. m.
Deposit Payable Before 12 p. m. To-night.
TO SECURE THIS BARGAIN.
INVESTIGATE AT ONCE!
$1S 500. worth to-day $25,000— The choicest
business eornw in Berkeley; paying good In-
terest on investment; increased rents offered;
bank on corner of same block: new $40,000
:i-story business block now under construc-
tion in block opposite: this corner will grow
to be wcrth ?50,C00; San Francisco and Oak-
land chcice corners have doubled and trebled,
why nor this? where millions are to be ex-
pended on the State University and Berkeley
with an unparalleled increasing population.
A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
Contract Expires To-night 12 p. m.
Forces Immediate Sale. <
Contract Cannot Be Extended.
Fullest Investigation Solicited.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4i:o and 462 Eierhth st.. Oakland.
TO-DAY— LAST DAY.
TO-DAY— LAST DAY.
TO-DAY— LAST DAY.
TO-DAY— LAST DAY.
TO-DAY— LAST DAY.
$100 CASH; $C monthly: large new single cot-
tage; 20x20; fine v.ell of water; lot 100x250
1 feet deep, fcr $(525 in all; excellent soil; 14
families located en settlement; just the place
for chicken raising; climate and soil well '
adapted to the business; away from fogs and
raw winds; near electric railroad and 90-foot
boulevard: not far from a fine school and
good neighbors; 3 fine chicken outfits; the
place: call or send for circular; 455 Seventh
et., opp. Broadway station. Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
E. M. DODGR & SON. • " ~ "
11C0 Broadway, Oakland.
5325C — Something extra nice in the way of a
modern up-to-date, brand new 'home ln Oak-
land out tcT/ard Berkeley: lot 50xl2i>; 7 rooms
ar,<I hath. C.i.ll and let as show you this.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
tiUNNY lower fiat. S large rooms; .electric ser-
vice throughout: 2 coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot; lawn; fruit and sliade treea ami
r'.cwers; lot elevated; choice locality; 'will retc j
lew to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ave. electric cars, corner Washington and 1
Klphth ti*.. ronie within 1 block. Call cr
eddrp*« ic;» Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLA\D^F£RMTITRE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from U. Kchellhaas the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
BOOMS FOUHOISEKEEPHG.
ELLIS, 330 — 2 email furnished rooms for
housekeeping; in rear; rent 510.
FIFTH, 353 — 3 rooms, furnished hc-usekeeping,
and bath. $20; 3 for $12; also single, $4 to $7.
FULTON. 071 — 2 furnished rooms; complete for
housekeeping; seperate entrance; $9.
HYDE, 4OS — Sunny back parlor, with kitchen,
complete for housekeeping, $18.
MINNA. 237, bet. Third and Fourth, New York
House — 2 nice housekeeping rooms; $2 50 per
week.
OAK. 119 — Sunny room; sink, range, closet;
furnished for housekeeping; ?0.
OAK, 125 — 2 nicely furnished basement rooms;
?10. v
RAUSCH, 85, near Folsom — Furnished rooms,
single and housekeeping; cheap.
SHIPLEY. 234 — Two sunny front rooms, nice-
ly furnished for housekeeping; cheap.
SHIPLEY. 259-261—* nice rooms, ?8; house
new; good clas3 people wanted only
2 NICEUY furnished rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping. Inquire 50 Rausch
et.. off Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
IfcOOMS TO LET— Parn. ana Unfarn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New^ Vlegsfnt,
6unny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week, or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT, 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
35c. fl 50 night; jl SO. $6 wit. ; open all night.
FOLSOM. 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms.
$1 per week.
FRANCISCO HOTEL — Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodatsd.
JONES. !>Jii — Newly furnished room] bath",
sunny, central, private family.
MINNA. 007. cor. Eighth — Newly furnished
. bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1720%. near Thirteenth— 2 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; bath, laun-
dry; $8.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAYS DECEMBER -if,- 1901.
ROOMS TO LET Form, and Pntarn.
LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy St.— High-class hotel;
furnished rooms, en suite or single.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; $2 a week up ; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 832 — A sunny suite and singles;
neat and clean; bath: phone; prices low.
SUTTER. 3201J (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient.
TURK, 543 — Laree front room; open or folding
bed, grate, gas and bath; private.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
O'FARRELL, 832. near Polk— Large sunny
front room, with board, in private family;
suitable for 2 gentlemen or gentleman and
wife; running water; bath.
FULTON, 446 — Sunny room with or without
board; gas; bath; block from McAlllster-st
cars. > .
HOTEL Denniston. cor. Valencia and 21st sta-
in the "Warm Belt"; free from prevailing
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class. :
NICELY furnished front bay-window room,
with cr without board, for two gentlemen;
single rooms, $5 and up. 748 Harrison et.
THE Irvingdale, 626 Eddy— Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $60; single rooms
with board. *22 60 up: excellent table.
THE Pierpont, 413 Ellis— Everything new; most
elegantly furnished apartments; first-class
dining-room.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
EDDY, 31(5 — Elegant furnished sunny room,
with or without board. •
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished:
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
NIARA. 615 Tavlor — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; excellent board; terms reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore 8t.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. ]20fl Market St.: treatment free; only
Invention In th^ world that will not torture. \
SPECIAL NOTICES!
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. C5S0.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
SEWIIVG BIACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
palring; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
storage: and warehouses.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
offlce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN W r EST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
slon st.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
I pany, 2320 Fillmore et. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; chipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BA^R^AINSniN"TYPE~WRITERS^\\>
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 530 California: telephone Main 2G6.
W r EBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMENTS.
••BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau^' consulta-
tion free; in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go Into court.
Room 611. Examiner bldg.: phone Black 3604. »
PROPOSALS. ~~ ~~~
BIDS Wanted— Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' .Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 32a Sansome st
San Francisco, Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a m '
SATURDAY, December 21, 1901, and opened
immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
: ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
i master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
! erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville). for six months commencing
January 1. 1902. and ending June 30 lSil?
Schedules with information and instructions
tor submitting bids will- be furnished upon!
application by the undersigned. Bidders will '
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it Is
in accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
' Kinne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a good and valid contract uport
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13. 320 Sansome st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order of tht- Board of Direct-
org. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES- DEATHS.
BOKlfc
GULARTE — In this city. December 15, 1901,
to th? wife of Antone D. Gularte, a son.
JACKSON — In Alameda, Cal., December 10,
luul, to the wife of J. A. Jackson, a daugh-
ter.
MALNBURG — In this city, September 30, 1901,
to the wife of Robert F. Malnburg, a son.
mabeied!
EKOS— LUCIO — At the residence of the bride,
near San Leandro, Cal., December 4, 1901,
by the Rev. E. E. Clark. Manuel Clifford
Enos of Hay wards, Cal., and Annie Helen
Lucio. i '
LAWRENCE — BROCK — In this city, Decem-
ber 4, 1901, by the Rev. Burr M. Weeden,
Arthur C. Lawrence and Agnes E. Brock.
PKTEKSON— HELGESON— In this city, De-
cember 15, 1901, by the Rev. Dr. C. J. E.
Haterius, pastor cf the Evangelical Lutheran
Ebenezer Church, Gustaf Peterson and Olga
HeltreBon.
DIED -— — —
Behnken, Theresa McColgan, Philip J.
Brittain, Marsaret Mclntyre, Hannah
Case, Flora A. Merriam. Georsre B.
Crew, Alexander W. Michaelsen, Ludwig
Daley, Jennie A. Murphy, Matthew
Ducroux, Louis Nally, Martin
I; Ellery, Mrs. Sarah O'Connor. Julia
Fay, Mary Scott, Bessie I.
Fischer, George Shiels, Josenh J.
Golden, Hugh M. Sullivan. Edward J.
Gutsch, Hon. G. F. Thomas. Edmore J.
Kelleher, Julia Thompson, Theodore
■ Lowenberg, William Vogelman, Harriet
Lynch, May E. Warren. Charles
BEHNKEN — In Oakland. December 15, 1901,
Theresa, beloved wife of the late George
Behnken, and daughter of Mrs. Thomas Mc-
Donald, and eister of M. A. Byrne and
John J.. Mary and Margaret McDonald and
Sister M. Margaret Alacoque, a . native of
Brooklyn, N. Y., aged 36 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at" 0 o'clock, from her late reoi-
dence. 825 Fifteenth street, thence to the
Church of Immaculate Conception, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
Please omit flowers.
BRITTAIN — In this city, December 16, 1901,
Margaret, beloved wlfo of L. H. Brittain.
and mother of Ora and Margaret Brittain, a
•native of Santa Cruz, aged 31i years 5
months and 7 days.
CyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuepday), at 12:.1O o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
betwe-en Seventh and Eisrhth, thence to St
Patrick's Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
funeral- car from Eichth and Harrison
strep ts.
CASE — In Oakland, December 16,- 1001 Flora
A., beloved wife of Wllmer S. Case, a na-
tive of Maine.
(ETRemalns can ba seen at tha parlors of
* Albert Brown. 4G8 Thirteenth street. Oak-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher )
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. '
; ■ Telephone South 80.
Mt Olivet Cemetery;
San Mateo County.'
CrFICi:>ii'. MARKET STR--T;
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
I MEW FIRM OF UrNDErtTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J
McBrearty. with the same company for IS
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
Ion* at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
■ and Eljrhth. Telephone South 44.
Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS I
Funeral Directors ahd Embalmers
31 EDDY STREET,
Telephone South 2o2. San Francisco.
||— No Connection y/lth^Any _Othcr Houso.
land, Tuesday afternoon. December 17. In-
-• terment Sevastopol, Sonoma County, Cal. .•
CREW— In Chico, , Cal v December 13, 1001,
Alexander 'William, Ion, of Henry W. and
Elizabeth C. Crew.
nr?" Services and interment in Chlco Sun-
day. December 15, 1901, at 2:30 o'clock. ,
DALEY — In thi» city. December 15, 19O1.
■ Jennie A. Daley, widow of the late Charles
A. Daley, a native of Maine.
(E?"Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Golden
Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street. Funeral under
the ausDlcea of Golden Gate.ChaDter No. 1.
O. E. S. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
DUCROUX— In Belmont, Cal., Louis Ducroux,
beloved son ; of Jean, Ducroux and Vlglnle
Ducroux, and brother of August, Joseph,
Freddie and Mary Ducroux, a native of Bel-
gium, aged 25 years 9 months and 21 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
{ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1115^4 Bryant street, between
Ninth and Tenth, thence to French Church
: Notre Dames dea "Victoires, ' where services
will be held. ' Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. - ■ . : . ■ : .
ELLERT— In this city, December 15," 1001,
Mrs. Sarah Ellery, mother of Minnie and
the late Daniel Ellery, a native of England,
aged 47 years. ■
tE5Triends end acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at U:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of.H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ■ \
FAY— In this city, December 1C. 1901, Mary,
beloved wife of John, and mother of An-
thony Fav, J. J. Fitzsrerald. T.\ J. Leonard,
Mrs. Wrisht and Mrs. Shaarer, a hatlv'e of
Wexford, Ireland, aged 62 years.
FISCHER— In this city, December 15, 1901,
George Fischer, beloved brother of Babette
Searl of Arizona, and cousin of George A.
and David Fischer, a native of Germany,
aged 54 years and 7 months.
(C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Teutonla Hall,
Howard street, between Ninth and Tenth,
where the services will be held, under the
auspices of Gesellschaft Teutonla. and thence
to Odd Fellows' Crematorium for Incinera-
tion. Remains at the parlors of Theodor
Dierks, 957 Mission street, between Fifth
and Sixth.
GOLDEN— In this city, December 14, 1901,
Hugh M. Golden, dearly beloved husband of
Louisa Golden, and father of Alma Golden,
and brother of Patrick Golden and Mrs. Wil-
liam Harney, and son-in-law of Mr.- and
Mrs. William Maessen, a native of County
Cavan, Ireland, aged 29 years 9 months and
10 days.
(C^Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend I the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 415V4 Eleventh street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn rsquiem
high mass will be celebrated for the rerfose
of his soul, % commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cros Cemestery.
GUTSCH — In Alameda, December 15. 1901,
- Honorable Gustav Frledrich Alexander
Gutsch, beloved husband of Minna Gutsch,
• and father of Gustav and Axel Gutsch, a
native of Germany, aeed 73 years 9 months
and 24 days.
. tryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, at the
Chapel of Odd Fellows' Crematorium, where
the remains will be incinerated. Remains
at the funeral parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957
Mission street.
KELLEHER — In this city, December 15. 1901,
Julia, beloved wife of the late Michael Ker-
Ieher, and mother of Kathleen Kelleher, ah%L
sister of Thomas, ■ Humphrey, John, Maggie,
Mary and Hannah Murray and Mrs. Katie
Holland, a native of, Macroom, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 31 years 11 monthe ahd
12 days.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral • to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1007 Natoma street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LOWENBERG— In Fruitvale. December 16,
1901, William, beloved husband of Alice
Lowenbers, "father of Dollie ■ , Emma and
, Charles Lowenberc, and brother of Edmund-
and George and the late Robert Lowenberg,
a native of Brooklyn, N. Y., aged 50 years.
tt?"The funeral will start from the ferry,
foot of Market street, to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 12 o'clock, thence by electric car to
Homo of Peace Cemetery, where services will
be held at the chapel.
LYNCH — In this ciry. December 16, 1901, May
Ethel Lynch, beloved wife of the late Eu-
gene Judson Lynch, daughter of John and
the late Mary C. Burke, and sister of Arthur
Burke and Mrs. J. E. Thompson, a native of
San Francisco.
McCOLGAN-^-In this city, at the Potrero, De-
ctmber 16. 1901, Philip J., beloved son of
Philip and the late Mary Ann McColgan.
and brother of Mrs. Fredrick Miller and
John MeColgan, a native of New Orleans,
La., aged 43 years.
McINTYRE— In this city, December 1C, 1901,
Hannah, beloved wife of the late Michael
Mclntyre, and devoted mother of John C,
Nellie G. and Henry J. Mclntyre, a native
of County Limerick. Ireland.
E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
' (Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 237 Laussat avenue, between Fill-
more and Steiner, Waller"anu Halght* streets,
thence to Sacred Heart , Church, Fell and
Fillmore streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MERRIAM— In this city, December 15. ,1901,
George B., beloved husband of Mary E. Mer-
riam, and stepfather of Albert E. and Bertie
S. Flagg, a native of Lowell, Maas., aged
70 years and 25 days.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1621 Devisadero street Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MICHAELSEN — In Alexander Valley. Sonoma
- County, December 14, 1901, Ludwig Chris-
tian Mlchaelsen, beloved brother of Christian
A. and Arnold Mlchaelsen and Mrs. D.
Kllntworth, a native of Mulsum, Hanover,
Germany, aged 77 years 10 months and 25
. days.
MURPHY — In this city, December 16, 1901,
Matthew, beloved husband of Catherine Mur-
phy, a native of Ireland, aged 75 years. ,
C7"Friends p.nd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), et 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1807 Mission street, thence to St.
. Charles Church for services at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NALLY— In this city, December 15, 1901,
Martir. Nally, a native of Ireland, aged 67
years.
G?*Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 'J o'clock, from the parlors of
Mc-Avcy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Brendan's
Church for nervices. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In this city, December 14, 1901,
at .her residence, 66 Waller street, between
Octavia' and Lacuna, Julia, beloved wife of
Daniel O'Connor, and mother of Timothy J.,
John F., Mary, William, Annie and Julia
(deceased), a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 63 years.
CJ^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
reslder.ee. 06 Waller street, between Octavia
and Laguna, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the. repose of her soul, com-
mcnclr.r at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Croes Cemetery.
SCOTT— In Oakland, at 816 Thirty-fourth
street, December 16, 1901. Bessie Isabel,
daughter of Robert and Amelia Scott, a na-
tive of Oakland, Cal., aged 3 years and 7
months.
SHIELS— In this city, December 1C, 1901, Jo-
seph John Shiels, late of San Rafael, beloved
husband of Mary. Shiels, and father of Helen
Shiels, r' native of Queens County, Ireland,
aged 30 years 10 months and 26 days.
C?"Remains at the parlors of McFf.dden,
McBrearty & . Green, 1171 Mission street.
Notice of funeral hereafter. \
SULLIVAN— In this city, December 14. 1901.
Edward J., beloved son of Jeremiah J. and
Margaret Sullivan, and brother of Michael,
William- 1., Mary, John, Margaret C, Jere-
miah, Charles and Kittle Sullivan, a native
of San Francisco, aged 25 years.
■ CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wedns?da'y). at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 10!) Morris avenue, on* Bryant
rtreet, between Fifth and Sixth, thence to
St. Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
private, in Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
WASHINGTON Council No. 4, Y. M. I.— The
members of above council are reauested to
attend thejfuneral of our late brother. E. J.
"Sullivan, .from his late residence. 109 Morris
avenue, eff Bryant street, between Fifth and
Sixth, to-morrow (Wednesday), at 8:30
o'clock, thenre to St. Rose's Church, where
a reoulem mass will be had for the repose
of his so 1 .:!, commencins at ft o'clock. By
order. WILLIAM J. DAVIS. President.
J. F. BOLAND, Cor. See.' . .. , .
THOMAS— In this city. December 15. 1901,
Edmore James Thomas, dearly beloved Bon
of Thomas and Thomasine Thomas, and
brother of William, Julia. Sydney and Electa
Thomas, a native of Austin, Nev., aged 17
years 1 month and 28 days..
tCTRemains at. the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
find F.l?hth. Interment at Austin, Nev., on
Wednesday, December 18. 1001. ■
THOMPSON— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, December .HI, 1901. Theodora Thompson
a native of Norway, aged 37, years.
V'OGELMAN — In this. city, December 15, 1001
Harriet W., beloved wife of Dr. D. J. Vn-
gelman. and mother of Albert W. and H
Marie Tobln, and sister of G. W. Wilson of
Vallejo, a native of California, aged :js
years. (Vallejo and Modesto papers please
copy.) . , ■ .
EX Funeral services will be held Wednes-
day, mornins, December 18, ,1901, at Church
' of Ascension, . Vallejo. r . .
WARREN — In Halfmoon Bay, December lfi,
1001, Charles H.; beloved husband of Freda
Warren, loving Bon of Mfirgaret and Charles
Warren, and brother of William Warren and
Mrs. F. W; Hinsdale.- a native of California,
aged 32 years 6 months and 11 days.
£hanahari Florist Co.
V ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable. .
107 POWELL ST.ncarELUS -353? 5056
SAMOANS AGREE
TO BUILD ROADS
Will Look to Uncle Sam
for Reward for the
Improvements.
Many Natives Favor Adopt
ing the Constitution of
the United States.
TUTUILA, Samoa. Dec. 3.— At a general
meeting of the people of Tutuila, held on
November 21 at Nuuili, which was pre
sided over by Lieutenant J. L, Jayne, U. S.
N., then commanding the station, one di
vision strongly urged the adoption, of the
constitution of the United States in Its en
tirety, and at the same time asked that
all other South Sea Islanders and Sa
moans from German Samoa be sent back
to their homes. This was s*enuously op
posed by the stronger eastern district, one
of whose talking men stood up and said,
"You are foolish; you do not know what
you are doing. Are we not all related?
Do you want to build a wall around your
own district and then shut yourselves
up? You read the Bible and do not un
derstand it. You hear about the constitu
tion of the United States and do not un
derstand it. It is better to wait and let
the people grow in enlightment first."
At the same meeting the commanding
officer stated that he wanted the natives
of the towns to build their roads, and he
ordered the county chiefs to see that his
wishes in the matter were carried out.
The orators who wanted the United States
constitytlon adopted objected, and told
the meeting that they would not build the
roads unless the United States Govern
ment paid for the labor— that they pre
ferred going to Jail rather than work on
the road3. - ■
The sum of $25,000 has been appropriated
by the .Government for grading, and the
dissenters claimed that this money should
be paid to them for roadmaklng. The op
position said that this country paid no
road taxes, and it was wrong to expect
the United States to send money for the
construction of roads; that in their dis
tricts they were going ahead in road
making and did not expect any pay. This
argument finally prevailed, and it was ar
ranged for the people to build their own
roads and trust to getting aid from the
.Government for the construction of the
main roads, which, by the way, are bad
ly needed for facilitating the work of the
station and the Government.
The spirit of roadmaking has taken
hold of the people, and to commemorate
the death of President McKmley the na
tives of one county decided to build a
road instead of indulging in feasting and
carrying out their old heathenish customs
attending the death- of a great "king."
The road is to be called McKinley road,
and at the request of the people Mrs. TM
ley, the wife of Governor Tilley, turned
the first sod for the road November 25,
and since then the natives have been
working with might and vigor to complete
the work as soon as possible. The road
is an important one.
A farewell feast was given in honor of
Captain Tilley in Pago Pago November 30,
and at the same time one of welcome to
Captain Sebree, his successor. There were
many strong expressions of regret at the
action of the Government In relieving
Captain Tilley, and an address to the
President of the United States has been
numerously signed by the chiefs embody
ing the feelings of the Samoans in the
matter.
Mrs. Luther tV. Osborne and her son
sailed for America on to-day's steamer
with the remains of Consul General Os
borne. ' -
PIPER, PROPERTIES
. t SELL UNDER HAMMER
Offerings for Investment Bring in
Prices Varying "With Locality
and Improvements.
Seveial valuable properties belonging
to the heirs of the late William A. Piper
were sold at auction at the rooms of G.
H. Umbsen & Co. by order of the referee
yesterday. The sum of $41,000 was paid by
R. G. Hooker of the real estate firm of
Hooker & Lent for five. 2-story and base
ment houses of fourteen rooms each situ
ated at 1450 to 1458 Franklin street, in
clusive, having frontages on Franklin and
Bush streets and Fern avenue. Henry
Sahlein purchased for $100,500 the income
property on Polk and Bush streets and
Fern avenue, 150x120, with improvements,
consisting of eight stores and three flats.
R. T. Madison bought for $13,000 the prop
erty fronting 123:3 feet on McAllister
street and 100 feet wide In the rear. A.
Aronson bought an unimproved lot front
ing 120 feet on Gough street and also hav
ing 70 feet frontages upon Sutter street
and Fern avenue. T. V. M.' Maxwell had
a 25-foot lot on City Hall avenue knocked
down to him for $10,800 and an adjoining
lot sold for $10,500. Dr. Salfleld paid $11,
000 for 22 feet on Washington street, run
ning through to Oregon street, with im
provements yielding $60 per month. Less
important properties were sold, for good
prices.
SENATOR PERKINS TO
INTRODUCE BILL TO-DAY
Pacific Coast Delegates Will Attempt
to Secure Philippine Trade for
. American Vessels.
The leading shipowners on the Pacific
Coast, together with representatives of
the commercial bodies of San Francisco
and Seattle, recently sent a petition to the
coast delegates in both branches of Con
gress asking that efforts be -made to se
cure the passage of a measure which
would make the coastwise navigation laws
applicable .to the Philippine trade.
It is felt by the commercial men that
this protection Is equally Important and
quite as necessary as that afforded in se
curing to American vessels the Hawaiian
ii.terisland commerce. William M. Bun
ker, the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce representative at the national capi
tal, has been active in reminding the Cali
fornia delegation that something must be
done in the ■ matter. v . ■
That a vigorous attempt to secure the
enactment of the desired law Is about to
be made is evidenced by the following
telegram which Mr. Bunker sent to G. W.
Newhall yesterday:
"Senator Perkins will to-morrow Intro
duce bill 'applying coasting navigation
laws to Philippines not later than Janu
ary, 1903." '
Stairs G-ave Way Under Him.
James Parker, a teamster residing at
1809 Ellis street, who Is employed by A.
H. Greenberg, a coal dealer at 1404 Ellis
street, received serious injuries yesterday
by a fall from the back stairway leading
to' the residence; of a. customer at 147a
O'Farrell street.' Parker was in the act
of climbing up the stairway with a sack
of coal on his shoulder when the step
broke under his weight and precipitated
him a distance of twenty feet to the yard
beneath. ~ In addition to numerous lacerat
ed wounds Inflicted on hrs body by silvers
from the broken boards through which he
fell, Parker sustained a sprain of the
spinal column, which may possibly term
inate fatally. .He was taken to the Emer
gency Hospital, where Dr. Murphy ad
ministered restoratives and otherwise
treated his wounds. ..
News in Army Circles.
Captain J. P. Flnley, Ninth Infantry,
and Lieutenant A. A. Hickox, Fifteenth
Infantcy," have reported at headquarters
from stations in the East and are as
signed to duty in the discharge and deten
tion camps on Angel : Island. . Captain "J.
S. Kennedy of the Medical Department 1b
relieved from duty at the Presidio Gen
eral Hospital and is ordered to the Phil
ippines, with the first squadron of the
Eleventh Cavalry. ' Chaplain W. W
Brander, Fifteenth Cavalry, did not leave
with his regiment for the Philippines yes
terday. He has been assigned to Benlcia
Barracks fcr. temporary duty.
Nothing Better for Christmas
Than a nicely framed Water Color. Pho
tograph, Pastel, Etching or Steel Engrav
ing. . Everybody Invited . to Inspect these
goods, whicfc are the best In quality and
lowest in price to be found In this city.
Sanborn.. Vail & Co.v 741 Market street. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Maidenhood and Womanhood
At the threshold of wedded life with its cares and responsibilities,
what more appropriate could a bride consider than a box of the med-
icine that will keep the new family in perfect health.
J/sSfrV v" 1 *2° k C'JCBreta myg«lf and they are fine. I also
<-4H2inSl h»T« been riving them to my children with bssi
results."— Mrs. Davis, 419 E. Capitol St. Waahingljn.
-nfjfJkr^-r£rJ\- 5fif^»_ "* WM ' or * ' on * tim9 troubled with comtipatlon
£$MStw[ ~ \ ift. \ V5j>^g_ and catarrh of the throat. Am now using Ca.icarats
/iBsfcjk. i \\ vK8J3S%f with good results and am satisfied I will ba entirely
Jffiiff > \%' IR^H H. F. Yeomans, 4731 Cfcamplaln Av«., Chicaeo.
vfsS}M&£ X V* VSSis , "L*l aT ? nsed Cascarets and must say ther are -won-
fc»gr*fa^ \\VvnYm vSBpatk derfal. I recommend them to all my lady friends."
Kg** TM ' i3 ~* /^Kv'wV RV SkSSiSak "Caaearets hsA straneo effects in my case. I tooi
f&Sal aST"^ \-^* N MA »\ ftvBB them for worms and got rid of "thorn. 1'or about a
ffiB Bflk 1 "^ ttXW^Omk V*™8& Tf«I had ilio Buffered from my ri«h» ey» eonti in-
PaSj» hfiw"n l\tt\vv\s *V RG*. *Hy watering. After I toolc the second doss of Cas-
f*»3h 'Wa UV' yiuimiKim carets the eye eot well and ha* been well «v«r since."
wi! V^ /IVImCv^uWb' -Mrs. Plowman, M Jessie St., Saa Franciico.
•Ha 1 llfn^V *^%lV^ "About a year aeo I went through a yery dlfflcnlt
RSfj VVlBiVfV \ 1»\« JS ia\ W. operation and since then suffered from severe head-
«K! A aEhHYV ll»i)Ja»* V \* aches. I tried Cascarets and the result waa wondertal.
Ri rt^sVl^tSty »»»%^ Qod bless you!"— Mrs. .Moses Leece, Gllmaa, Colo.
Jn lrii \\oi flfcVv "Cascarets are the test medicine ever I tried. I cannot
[ r> 1 - n flAsfSa*^ l n\ \ \ t0 ° rT * { * ful for «hem."-Mrs. Ella Sanders, Fox, Mo.
\\&!lty B.W/M ' \r\ \ "For several years 1 hare suffered extremely with a
\ J^TViuri Ps3 ( \\ V serious trouble ln the rizht side of the bowel*. The doctor*
' v /n_/ t ty J I \ « called this trouble appendicitis. I took Cascarets and think
. V-/" £^ fl . ' \\ you can safely add appendicitis to th» list of diseases that
' g jBT f f% '"» \ Caacarets will cure.' — Eunice J. Smith, i-Rich Valla y, Ohio.
I jff f It * "I have a tumor which all the doctors told me could be r>t tea
•> V // ' rid of in no other way. than with tha knife, but I think th*
A Caacarets are absorbing is entirely."
Vj£«//I •' ' — Mrs. E. Dlxon, Elslnow, Cal.
There are many physical disturbances of the bodily functions con-
nected with the change from maidenhood to womanhood, and the
health and wholesome life not only of the bride, the new wife and
prospective mother, but that of the hew generation that is to be, de-
pend upon keeping all operations of the digestive canal regular and;
natural with Cascarets Candy Cathartic, the only medicine that will do
it gently yet surely without grip or gripe.
/sifr^**s*Tk r»<rW Beat for tha Bowels. All dnigjlsts, xoc, 35c, 50c. Never soldla bulk.
&U&J<&tZAjQjbJ&AJ«3 The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money
back * Sample and bookfet free. Address
8 *^ Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. (0| -
NULLIFIES WORK
OF ASSESSORS
Colorado Supreme Court
Rules Against State
Officials.
DENVER, Colo., Dec. 16.— Attorney
General C. C. Post, Secretary A. B. Gray
of the. State Board of Assessors, and ten
of the thirteen members of the board were
to-day adjudged in contempt of the Su
preme Court of Colorado. No punishment
was inflicted and they were all discharged.
The court ordered that the work of the
State board of thirteen assessors in send
ing out the schedules of corporate assess
ment to the various counties be declared
null and void and that all the acts of
the State board performed after the order
of the court restraining them was Issued
be set aside. The court held that as it
had the power to undo the work it should
net in this instance Inflict other punish
ment.
No sooner had the court announced its
opinion than the Attorney General, the
secretary and other members of the board
were served with a writ of injunction by
Judge Hallett, restraining | them from
again sending out schedules of assess
ment.' This will transfer the«flght from
the State Supreme Court to the United
States District Court.
The effect of thia action on the part of
the two courts will be to tie up the as
sessments of the State so far as corpora
tions are concerned for some time. It will
not affect the other assessments.
CHRISTMAS FESTIVALS
OF THE KINDERGARTENS
Announcements Are Made Concern
ing Events Which Interest
Many Children.
The Christmas festivals of the Golden
Gate Kindergarten Associations and
Free Normal Training School will take
place this week, beginning to-morrow.
The dates of the several entertainments
are as follows: . .
Wednesday — 10 a. m., Stanford Memorial
Kindergartens 1 and 2; lla. m., Hearst Kinder
gartens; 1:30 p. m.. Produce Exchange Kinder
garten.
Thursday — 10 a. m:, Stanford Memorial Kin
dergarten No. 5; 11 a. m.. Lux Potter, F. Ful
ler Shattuck and Merchants' kindergartens;
11 a.' m., Stanford Memorial Kindergarten No.
4; 1:30 p. m., Osgood and Grace Bradley Me
morial and Wllmerding Memorial kinder
sartens.
Friday — 10 a. m., Stanford Memorial Kinder
garten No. 3, Eighth and Brannan
streets; 11 a. m.. Pope, Emily P. Walker
and Real Estate and Attorneys' kindergartens;
1:30 p. m., Two Friends' Kindergarten; 1:30
p. m., Lester Norr Is Memorial Kindergarten.
DISRATED POLICEMAN
GETS WRIT OF MANDATE
Judge Hebbard Directs Police Com
missioners to Restore Bernhard
Harter to Bank.
The application of Bernhard Harter for
a writ of mandate compelling the Board
of Police Commissioners to restore him
to the rank of sergeant waa granted yes
terday by Judge Hebbard. The court
held that the Harter case was of the same
legal status as the case of Lieutenant
Price, who was restored to duty as a po
liceman on a similar writ issued by Judge
Hebbard.
Harter was appointed a police officer ln
1578 and was made a sergeant In 1894. In
that year he was reduced to the rank of
patrolman without, he claims, a trial. It
is expected that many other disrated po
licemen will bring similar suits.
Postage on Christmas Edition.
The great Christmas edition of The
Call, issue'd December 15, 1001, con
tains 70 pages and will weigh 17
ounces. The rates of postage on this
edition will be as follows:
Domestic 5 cents ,
Foreign.... 9 cents
Distinguished Divine Coming.
. The Austrian-Slavonian colony of this
city is to J have a parish church. Word
was received in this city a few days ago
that the' Rev. Father Antone Bontempo,
the distinguished Almatlan . Jesuit, was
en route from Zara to this city for the
purpose of establishing a church. A meet
ing of 300 members of the Austrian-Sla
vonian colony was held at Pioneer Hall
yesterday afternoon for the purpose of
furthering the designs of the priest. A
St. Cyril and Method Society was organ
ized and steps taken to give Father Bon
tempo all the help he requires and also
to perfect arrangements to welcome him.
Partners Fall Out.
Alexis Augeron filed a suit for $5000 dam
ages yesterday against Mrs. Deslree
Handbine, his recent partner In the hotel
business near Junction City. Trinity Coun
ty. . Angeron claims that through the
fraudulent .actions of Attorney D. G. Reid,
■who represented him ln a suit for an ac
counting he instituted in Trinity County
some years ago. he lost his interest' In
the hotel and was damaged to the extent
of the sum sued for.
Sharon Heirs Sued.
Walburga Helmerle, Anna L. de Sousa
and nine other heirs of the late Nickolaus
Becker filed a suit yesterday against Fred
W. Sharon. Lady Hesketh and the three
Newlands children, heirs of the late Sen
ator §haron, to quiet title to a 1 lot on El
lis street, near Leavenworth. The Becker
heirs claim that Becker was the owner
of the lot at the time of his death. The
defendants in the suit also claim owner
ship.:
Mail a copy of ths great Christmas
Call to your friends in the East and
foreign -lands. , ... :"«
WIDOW HOBSON
GETS DECISION
Colorado Court Awards
Her Portion of Hus
band's Estate.
PUEBLO, CoL, Dec. 16.— When tha
Hobson will contest came up In the Dis
trict Court to-day the atorneys for the
defense asked for more time to bring wit
nesses from California to prove the il
legitimacy of the eight-months-old daugh
ter of Mrs. Stella J. Hobson of Los An
geles, basing their allegations upon a 30
called ante-death statement of the de
ceased, George H. Hobson, that no child
could possibly be born to him and that
any issue would not be recognized.
The motion was overruled and tbe court
decided in favor of the plaintiff, who will
now receive ?10O,OOO as her share to the
estate of Hobson.
After the trial the attorneys for the.
defense stated that the child would now
be recognized as he Issue of George H.
Hobaon and would share the estate, but
that Mrs. Hobson would not receive a
cent owing to the alleged ante-nuptial
contract with Hobson, which the detense
claim they can establish.
Not a single witness was produced by
the defense to support their illegitimacy
allegation. Mrs. Hobson identified -.ho
child, Georgia, as her own, and Dr. Billa
Hay, a physician who was .present at the
birth in California last April, declared zhe
Infant to be the child born on that oc
casion.
Mrs. Hobson has filed a petition asking
that herself and child be made the sole,
heirs to the large estate, thus cutting out
the brothers and sisters of the dead man,
who are the defendants In the present
suit. The motion was set aside and will
be heard later.
BOYS AND GIRLS BECOME
MEMBERS OF SODALITIES
Impressive Service Is Held in St.
Joseph's Church by Rev.
Father Scanlon.
The annual reception of new members
Into the parish sodalities was held last
Sunday evening in St. Joseph's Church.
Rev. P. Scanlon, pastor of the church,
conducted the reception, and the details
of the beautiful ceremony were faithfully,
carried out. The church was crowded
with parents and friends of the children'
who enrolled themselves on the side of
virtue under the protection , of their,
chosen patrons. i • • •
The following boys were received into
the Sodality of the Immaculate Concep
tion: ".
K. Arnold, J. Altleri, L. Altiert, C Btmles,
C. Burn", D. Byrnes J. Brodsriclc. J. ITrad
shaw B. Collins, F. Crowe, C. Dullea. J. Con-
Ion, S. Dunney, A. Dupula, A. Fitzgerald, S.
Fraser, G. Fisher, L. Granfield, T. Holtz. *T.
Kelly, It. McCaron, J. Murphy, W. McLaugh
lin, G. Marlowe E. Murphy, O. Maxkey, a.
McKeever, J. Neilan, F. O'Connor, P, Pldanzet,
C. Robinson, 3. Ryan, E. Reevea, P. Ryan; J.'
Robinson. J. Smith. T. Sullivan. K, Sloss, ■ J.
Sharkey, J. von Oarschett, T. Wllcax.' I>. Kor
gan, H. Talt, M. Carolan, W. Coleman, W. Kil
kenny, A. Lanerty, Iv Fahy, J. Good and W.
Roesner.
The . f ollowlng girls were received into
the Sodality of the Holy Angels: .
Jennie Stretch, Nora Sharkey, May Flts
patrlck, Lily Prendable, Hazel Plndancet, An
astasla Mahoney. Margaret Hannon. . Catherine
Doyle. Mary Donohue, Catherine Coyne, Mary
Brogan Mathilda Blrsinger. Ella Trant, Ce
celia Tully. Addle Fitzgerald Nellie Hock, Del
phlne Rice, Katie Sullivan, Grace Byrne, Irene
Pullen, Lily Rewlg. Ethel Lang, Minnie War
ren, Gertrude Ryan, Mathilda Ratto, Marjoria-
Hughes, Ella Merrlman, Maggie Meyers, Ane.
Ida Trusting. Mercedes Parla, Gusaia Bollan.
Alleen Ahern, Lulu Salmon. Teresa Hawkins,
Mary Crowe, Ella O'Brien, Alice Hafner, Ger
trude Brown, Nellie O'Leary, Julia Dillon, Ju
lia Morgan, Maggie Connelly, Mary CDonnell.
Alice Sullivan. Mary Feehan. Ada Talt. Alice
Fitzpatrick Lalae Lacier, Ethel Ackermann.
Lenore McKeon. Lacy Bloss, Clara Brewln.
Emma Cnai Haiel Crlmmins. Mary COx,
Edith Cella, Flora Delury. Ethel Farrell. An
nie Bowen, Loretta Foley. Mary Fitzgerald.
Louise Ganey, Mary Elnes, Mary Ilg Ethel Jo
seph, Josephine Leonard, Irena Mortality. Ce
celia McQuatde, Nellie O'Dea, Margaret,
O'Brien, Nora O'Leary, Lilian CNein. Winnie
Halloran. Ethel Grant, Alice. Pierce^ Mary Sul
livan Winifred Sullivan, Annie Welch, "Veva
Whaler, Gertrude Planz, Viola O'Connor, Mary
Clancy Anna Clancy, Agnes Drlscoll, Sarah
Healey, Alice Borden, Agnes Leonard, Eva
Young. Loretta Haley. Ella Card, France*
O'ConnelL.Mary La Rue. Anna Standtsh, Lucy
Byrne.
Immigrant Held Up.
The United States Immigrant Inspectors*
are detaining William C. Qoodger, an ar
rival on the Sonoma, pending the de
termination a9 to his right to land. The
Immigrant is a native of Tasmania, of
English birth, 26 years old. He admitted
to Deputy Commissioner Schell that ho
came hither under the^ terms of a letter
from Loui3 Coles, auditor of the Adams
Express Company, offering him a position
in Boston as assistant auditor of the com
pany at a salary of $20 per \$eek.
Child Knocked Down by a Wagon.
Raymond Reardon, aged four years,
whose parents reside at 614 Minna street,
was run over by a wagon on Seventh
street, near. Mission, yesterday afternoon.
The little sufferer 'was taken to the Emer
gency Hospital, where Dr. Murphy
dressed a deep lacerated wound of the
right leg, where the wheel of the wagon
passed over the limb. It ts probable that
the child also received Internal injuries.
Estates Appraised.
; The estate of the late Harry Bertram
Hough ton has been appraised at 117,771 52.
It consists principally of money due on
open accounts. The estate of Patrick
Nicholson Makay has been appraised a£
$20,889. - .1 <
Your Name in Gold.
Remember that we stamp your name la
gold letters on Pocket-books, Letter an<T
Card Cases, Blllbooks, Cigar Cases, Trav
eling Rolls, Cameras and all fine leather
goods purchased at our store. Sanborn*
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. ~ • K
1112
DOOLITTLE SUES
FOR HIS SALARY
■ ■;■■ •■■-■■. ' '.
Alleges That the Gold
Run Gompariy Has
NbtPaid'It.
Judge Morrow Decides That
a Certain Question Is
Proper.
Many interesting developments are ex
pected to . be made durlnc the trial
of the suit of J. E. Doollttle against
Gold Run Gravels (limlted)\ of Placer
County for- a balance of J10.S80 59 salary
as manager and superintendent of the de
fendant's , mining property at the rate of
AllOCW.per annum, the corporation being
English. The case was brought originally
in the Superior Court of Placer County.'
but was transferred to the United States
Circuit Court. • -
Mr. Doolittle's deposition, taken before
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock. was filed in court to-day with a re
quest by the attorneys for the defendant
that he be instructed to answer certain
questions put him respecting an alleged
lalse bottomed debris dam. Doollttie
swore that he did. not deslsrn the dam and
that he had never seen the bottom open
during the time that he was euperinten3
iiig the construction of the trick dam.
A letter written In March. 1897. -by Doo
little to Assistant Superintendent Brooks
was produced and read before the com
missioner. It contained the following pa
ragraph:
"I hope everything Is working well and
that no one will get on to our secret
work at the dam. So tell the boys to be
very cautious in everything they do."
Doolittle was asked what he meant by
"sec/et work" at the dam and he refused
to answer. . CVjunsel for the defendant said
that he expected to prove that the secret
work mentioned in the letter was a false
opening made in the structure so that the
debris was enabled to escape . surrepti
tiously through the dam.
Judge Morrow, to whom the matter was
referred, instructed Doolittle to answer
the question under penalty of contempt
of court.
The taking of the deposition will be re
sumed in a few days. ■ • ...
WABNING WOED FROM •
PROFESSOR DUDLEY
Extols President Roosevelt for That
Part of His Message Dealing
With Forestry.
Stereopticon views and a graphic de
scription of- the forests of California in
the Sierras, by Professor W. R. Dudley of
Stanford University, did much last even
ing to enlighten a great crowd at the
Academy of Sciences, both as to the mar
vels of nature and the deplorable waste
of timber that is going on. That the for
ests arc in imminent danger of destruc
tion was shown, and the lecturer empha
sized his warning by citing that part of
President Roosevelt's message which re
ferred to irrigation and forestry.
No statesman, the speaker .said, had
ever before shown so great an intimacy
with that vital subject as had the Presi
dent. Professor Dudley then described
his long travels from San Diego to the
Siskiyou Mountains, and through the Sier
ras from the foothills to the timber line,
from flat land to great and almost unap
proachable heights. The Kaweah peaks
were admirably illustrated, as were also
the wlid peaks of the Sierras.
Sunnyside Promised a School.
Mayor-elect Schmltz, while spending
last Sunday as the guest of Gus Schnee
at his residence. 66 Joost avenue, made
an investigation of the sites chosen by
the Sunnyside residents for a new school
building, which they so much stand In
need of. The one most favored by the
residents met with the approval of the
Mayor-elect and he pledged his influence
to have a suitable school building erected
for the district. The new Mayor was ac
companied by his wife. Attorney Ruef
and the members of his family and some
other invited friends.
Mineral Land Suit Filed.
In the matter of the suit of Matilda S.
Wctzel vs. Frank M. Swasey. Register,
and Floyd L. Carter. Receiver, of the
United States Land Office at Redding
Shasta County, United States Circuit
Judge Morrow yesterday issued an order
directing the defendants to show cau«e
why a temporary injunction should not
issue restraining them from proceeding
to a hearing or determination as to the
mineral or non-mineral character of the
land in the "bill of complaint.
ADVERTISEMENTS. J
, . _ „ . j
Time seems \V iP*
most untimely -TeSL^- »*
when be brings jfe-a*3^§
a wotnan to the turn *^^*^*4 ||jlj
of life. Life is or iMf
should be at its , Ji _••
ripest and best for «^i^-^ ' i££$f
her, and she ap- -.J^^^
proaches this change
■with a dread of its effect born of her
knowledge of the sufferings of other
women at this ceason.
There is not the slightest cause for
fear or anxiety at this period if Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription is used.
It gives health of body and cheerfulness
of mind, and by its aid the pains and
pasgs of this critical period are- pre-
vented or cured.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription is
woman's medicine with a wonderful
record of cures of womanly diseases.
Diseases that all other medicines had
failed to cure, have been perfectly and I
permanently cured by the use ot« Fa-
vorite Prescription."
* l J^ tt "r <*«rty to write you as I have
received so much benefit from the use of your
medicine." says Mrs. Urzie A- Bowman, of New
Matamoras. Washington Co., Ohio. «I have
taken four bottles of ' Favorite Prescription • for
£=m*le weakness and chanee of life. Before I
began taking it I could not So anything. I had
each pains in my head and in the back ofmy neck
tiMtf thought fwould lose my mind. Now I can
■work every day. I recommend ' Favorite Pre-
scription* to ell females suaerinff in the period!
of change of life. It is the best medicine I
have found. "♦ - '
"Favorite Prescription'' has the testi-'
aony of thousands of women to its'
complete cure of womanly '■
Do not accept an untnown and un-
proved substitute in its place.
Keep tte bowels healthy by the timely
use of Dr. Picxcc's Pleasant Pellets.
World Famous Marian! Tonic
A MILD STIMULANT
that produces beneficial effects —
during the past thirty-eight years.
'All Druggists. . Kef use Substitutes.
MIDDLE OF APRIL IS FIXED AS DATE
FOR OPENING NEXT STATE CAMPAIGN
Biennial Convention of the Republican Clubs of> California to Assemble in
San Jose at That Time-Executive Cdmmittee Meets at Palace Hotel
ana Adopts Preliminaries for Demonstration in Santa Clara Valley
DELEGATES FROM THE INTERIOR IN CHARACTERISTIC ATTITUDES DURING THE SESSION OF THE EX
ECUTIVE COMMITTEE OF THE STATE LEAGUE OF REPUBLICAN CLUBS HELD IN THIS CITY TESTER
DAY TO ARRANGE FOR THE BIENNIAL CONVENTION AT SAN JOSE.
AT the Palace Hotel- yesterday
afternoon the executive commit
tee of the State League of Re
publican Clubs designated April
14 as the time for opening at San
Jose the biennial convention of the
league. A large delegation of . prominent
citizens of Santa Clara County attended
the meeting of the committee in the
rooms of the Republican State Central
Committee. At the appointed hour Alden
Anderson of jj Sulsun, president of the
State League, called the committee to
order and stated the objects of the meet
ing. Al Lindley, secretary, called the roll
of the committee in this order:
Alden Anderson, Suisun; CHo Lloyd. Santa
Barbara; Lynn L. Shaw, Pomona; Albert Lind
ley. Uakersfleld; Fulton Taylor, Oakland: T.
L. Carother*. Ukiah; William Strain, Redding;
"William Minis' Sacramento; G. K. Lukens, Oak
land; Arthur North. Woodland ; Joseph Spear
Jr.. A. Ruer and H. C. Dibble. San Francisco;
O. A. Hale, Pan Jose; A. W. Kinney, Los An
geles; Thomas Flint Jr., San Bcnlto; W. R.
Guy. Pan Diego, and Frank H. Short. Fresno.
Several members who could not attend
were represented by proxy. : -.
San. Jose Delegation.
Among the well known citizens of Santa
Clara County who attended the session
were: ■ .-.
Dr. D. F. McGraw. E. A. Hayes, O. A. Hale,
A. Greenfnger. Professor C. W. Childs/ E.
Topham, J. J.. Miller, George S. Walker, W. P. <
Lyon. George Anderson. Walter S. Mead. Frank
Babb. I. A. L»tta. C. M. Wooster. O. H. Stern.
John Norton. E. S. Williams, Walter Taylor,
R. J. Langford and W. T. Wright.
It was indicated by the attendance and
clearly foreshadowed by the discussion
that the Republicans of Santa Clara are ■
all united on the proposition to make the
league convention a great success.
FINES FERRAL
FIFTY DOLLARS
Judge Dunne Adjudges
the Attorney Guilty
of Contempt.
Ex-Judge Ferral and Judge Dunne ex
changed repartee yesterday during the
trial of the Cole case, and the attorney
was the . sufferer. . ' The difference cost
Judge Ferral> $50, as: he was deemed In
contempt oi court.
Ferral is attorney for Charles C. Cole,
who Is on trial in Judge Dunne's court on
a. charge of grand larceny. When the
order adjudging Ferral guilty of contempt
was made he was cross-examining Thom
as Burke, a witness for the prosecution.
He asked the witness "if he would swear
now as he did at the preliminary .hearing
in the Police Court."
"I object," Interposed Prosecutor Gra
ney.
"Objection sustained," said 1 Judge
Dunne. "You know, Judge, the question
Is an Improper one."
"I don't know It," said Ferral. "I know
that it Is perfectly proper."
"Well." answered Judge Dunne,, "the
court disagrees with you."
"I do not care," exclaimed Ferral. "I
can't- help It If the court does disagree
with me."
"I hope you will conduct yourself as a
gentleman," said Judge Dunne, severely.
"And I," retorted Ferral, "hope you will
conduct yourself as a Judge and a gen
tleman." _■• ■
Judge Dunne, . greatly surprised.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1UO1.
There was no waste of time In the pre
liminaries of discussion. Dr. McGraw,
the first speaker from San Jose, stated
In direct fashion that the -judg
ment- of the local committee was' in
favor of May 26 as the day for open
ing the convention. If an earlier date
should be required he would recommend
April 15, as the municipal election would
take place on May 19.
• E. A. Hayes favored an early conven
tion, basing his argument on the surmise
that the State Nominating Convention
would take place in July. He suggested
April 14 ag a suitable day. remarking that
April was the most beautiful month of
the year in the Santa Clara Valley.
Primary Election Law.
Henry C. Dibble reminded the conven
tion that the State Convention to nomin
ate candidates could not meet until the
latter part of August or early in Septem
ber, as the primary election for delegates
must be held on August 13. Judge Dibble
however, favpred an early league conven
tion. He thought it better to go to San
Jose. before the Republicans had exhaust
ed themselves on the municipal election.
He moved that April 14 be fixed as the
time -for opening the convention.
President Anderson invited 'opinions
generally as to whether that date would
be acceptable. Stewart of Amador, Woods
?! s »n Lid* Obispo, Senator Selvage of
Hu i 11 J5,°, ldtf Sen ator Lukens of Oakland
and Clio Lloyd of Santa Barbara said the
Republicans at their localities-, would ap
prove that choice of time. ' ....-.
1 Alden said, as president. : of
the league, he wanted the convention to
be a great success for.the.party— an event
equaling in magnitude the convention at
Los Angeles last year. "He desjred that
the convention. in San Jose, should break
all records for attendance -and 'enthusl-
™ m \ J he <J ue6tl °n' to, be decided is.
\?k time can the delegates leave horau
with the least inconvenience- to their
W< £ k *£ n * th . e fleIds . mines and shops? He
said that harvesting of Hay and the shin-
straightened up in his, chair,' took a look
at the attorney and exclaimed: :
"You are in contempt of court, and the
order is that you be fined $50 or committed
to the custody of the Sheriff for-twenty
five days." ■-.... • •.
Deputy Sheriff McCarthy, bailiff of the
court, promptly took charge" of "Ferral, as
the attorney did not have the amount of
his fine in his pocket. • • •
Ferrai did not submit to the fine with
out a struggle. * He swore- out'. a writ of
habeas corpus, returnable before Judge
Graham at >'12:30. Judge -Graham, when
the matter came up, continued the hear
ing until next Friday, but allowed the
irate attorney to go free on his own re
cognizance. I; ; - . '
Toilet Sets* and Albums
In satin-lined leather and celluloid cases.
Not much cheap stuff. but great quantities
of good things at moderate prices. We
cordially invite visitors to inspect this de
partment. Sanborn, Vail. & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. • ■ . »
Claims Woman Took His Money.
A motion made in Judge Troutt's court
yesterday to dismiss the = writ of attach
ment Issued some days ago against Hattie
Doyle was denied. The writ was sued out
by J. R. Armstrong, who claimed that the
woman was in possession -of $1350 be
longing to him and that she was about to
leave the State. Mrs. Doyle, claims Arm
strong, managed a dance hall for him at
Nome and when he left Alaska she con
tinued managing his business. Hardly
had he gone, however, claims Armstrong
when the woman collected what debts
were due the house, sold out the business
and kept the money. The suit to recover
the money it is claimed she received will
be heard before a jury In Judge Hunt's
court to-day. _
Angelus Piano Player recital, on next
Saturday afternoon.' at 3 o'clock at Sher
man-Clay Hall, 223 Sutter street. Admis
sion free, but to prevent overcrowding of
the hall tickets should be procured at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s music store, Kear
ny. and Sutter streets. ■ ,•:■-.«•■. .-••*•"
ping of early fruit began in May, and
therefore favored an earlier date.
The proposition to name April 14 as the
date was then agreed upon. It was the
sense of the meeting that the work of the
convention could be transacted in two
days. After listening to Dr. McGraw, O.
A. Hale, E. A. Hayes and others of the
committee concerning the allurements of
the Santa Clara Valley and the probable
desire of delegates to remain for a day
or two after the conclusion of the work,
the third day was added. Dr. McGraw
indicated that the delegates would not be
able to leave, until the third day Jf they
accepted the hospitalities of San Jose on
the evening of the second day.
President Anderson was authorized to
appoint a committee of live to present a
programme embracing the topic of
speeches and a list of eminent talkers.
Dr McGraw wanted the committee to
say directly what -was expected of San
Jose. He Indicated that the people
wanted to do all that others had done
and a little more. He desired that the
executive committee should shut out cold
storage proxies and. arrange that dele
gates who could not attend should send
alternates or representatives.
President Anderson . remarked that San
Jose would be expected to provide a con
vention hall. .Beyond that the league had
no suggestion to make. Dr. McGraw was
assured, however, that there would be
no lack of attendance.
Secretary Al Lindley presented reports
showing that 1G00 seats in the Los An
geles convention of 1900 were occupied by
delegates.
Senator Lukens remarked that Oakland
sent 100 delegates to the Los . Angeles
meeting and would probably send 300 to
San Jose in April next.
The basis of representation was fixed
at one delegate for every twenty-five club
members. The , secretary's report was
presented, in which it - was shown that
27a clubs, with a : membership approximat
ing G5.000, were affiliated with the State
League. -
POLICE WANT
TIM HEGARTY
Warrant Out for the Ar-
rest of Australian
Pugilist.
The police are searching the city for
Tim Hegarty, the lightweight pugilist
from Australia. '• A ■warrant for his ar
rest on the charge of defrauding an Inn
keeper has been issued.- < The complain
ing witness is. the pugilist's uncle, Dennis
Hegarty, hotel-keeper, Colma.
Deputy Sheriff P. J. Corral of San
Mateo County called upon Judge Cabaniss
yesterday with the warrant for his in
dorsement so that there would be no
quibble over Hegarty "s arrest when thai
event happened. . : -
Hegarty • had ■ his training quarters In
his uncle's hotel. His uncle built him an
addition at considerable expense espe
cially for training for his fight with Kid
La vigne, which -took place last Thurs
day night at the Acme Club in Oakland,
when Hegarty was defeated by the Kid.
His uncle alleges that Hegarty is owing
him ?400 for board, lodging and ' other
expenses for himself and trainers. The
pugilist, his uncle claims, promised faith
fully to pay the amount Immediately after
his fight with La vigne.- He has not kept
his promise and Dennis has not seen him
since Thursday. When Dennis learned
that the purse had been divided be
tween Tim and the Kid he came to the
conclusion that Tim intended to let him
whistle for his money, so he 1 procured
the warrant for hia arrest.
CLAIMS REGENT
ASSAULTED HIM
Policeman Arrests At
torney Reinstein for
: Drunkenness.
Woman Figures in the Case
and Mystery Is Thrown
Around It.
To be arrested for drunkenness and bat
tery is a distinction which the average
Regent of the State University seldom has
thrust upon him. Regent J. B. Reinstein.
the well' known attorney, was unfortunate
enough, however, to run afoul of Patrol
man J. B. Collins at 10 o'clock Saturday
night, the result being that he was igno
miniously carried to the O'Farrell-street
police station in a patrol wagon and book
ed at that- place on the charges mentioned.
There is considerable mystery about the
arrest of Reinstein and it was quite evi
dent yesterday^that every effort was be
ing taken by the attorney and his friends
to keep the matter a secret. That a wo
man was connected with the escapade in
some manner seems likely, but the arrest
ing officer now makes statements concern
ing the affair which differ materially from
the admissions made by him to Prison
keeper Riley at the police station at the
time, the ■ double, charge was placed op
posite Keinstein's name. - .
According to Collins' nrst statement he
was patrolling his beat on Scott street,
near California, at. , the hour mentioned
when his attention was attracted to a
couple standing near the corner of the
streets named. The man appeared to fee
drunk and when the ohlcer demanded an
explanation struck him. The policeman
then placed him under arrest and booked
him on charges of drunkenness and bat
tery. The woman disappeared when the
arrest took place, according to Officer Col
lin's statement.
Collins refused yesterday to sign a com
plaint against Reinstein for battery and
when the matter was heard by Judge
Cabaniss it was at once dismissed.-Sub
sequently Officer Collins saidhe had made
a mistake and that he was extremely
sorry therefor. He declined to say why
he charged Reinstein with battery and
denied emphatically that there was a
woman with Reinstein at the time of the
arrest. ?
Reinstein explains the affair with the
statement that he was suffering from neu
ralgia Saturday evening and resolved
on an airing in order to ease his agony.
He walked aimlessly about the streets
and was resting against a; fence when he
was arrested. Other features of the case
he declined to discuss.
SUCCESS IS ASSURED
WASHINGTON MEMORIAL
Organizations All Over the State of
California Co-operate to Erect
the Institution.
Success is attending the energetic and
untiring efforts of the ladies composing
the executive committee of the George
Washington Memorial Association of Cal
ifornia. The women's club and the Na
tive Daughters and schools and other or
ganizations throughout the State have
taken the patriotic matter in hand and
already the subscriptions amount to $5600.
That the contributions may not be con
fined to a few persons an opportunity is
given to all in the State to contribute
small sums. , • ■
The idea Is being vigorously exploited
throughout the State with most encourag
ing results, co-operation being promised
from all quarters. The promised' gift of
$10,000,000 by Andrew Carnegie will in no
way conflict with the work that is being
carried on by the Washington Memorial
Association. It Is the intention of the
executive committee to give a grand
colonial ball some time in February for
the benefit of the fund. The ladles who
compose the executive committee are the
following named:
Miss Sarah D. Hamlin (chairman for
California). Mrs. Willard B. Har
rington, Mrs. John F. Merrill. Mrs. F.
G. Sanborn, Mrs. William H. Crocker,
Mrs. Louis Sloss, Miss Annie Beaver, Miss
Mary Kohl. Mrs. Warren Gregory, Mrs.
Horace Wilson and Miss Jessie Petxotto.
Hand-Loaded Cartridges.
Made of. best material by skilled work
men. Money refunded if not satisfactory.
Skinner Co., 416 Market street. •
FUNEBAL SERVICES HELD
•AT OCCIDENTAL HOTEL
Last Rites Over Sands W. Forman
Attended by Number of
Friends.
The funeral services over the body of
the late Sands W. Forman were held yes
terday morning in the parlors of the Oc
cidental Hotel. The Rev. Father Ramm
of St. Mary's Cathedral read the office
for the dead. J?
The rooms were crowded by old friends
of the deceased, who took this opportunity
of showing their respect to the memory
of the deceased. There were no honorary
pallbearers. The interment, which was
private, took place at Cypress Lawn Cem
etery.
Robin .Hood's Anniversary.
Court Robin Hood No. 1. Foresters of
America, will celebrate the twenty-sev
enth anniversary of its organization and
Institution by a banquet. to its members
and friends in one of the downtown din
ing halls.
110 Fourth Street
One Block from Market
Tel. Black 1121.
I wish to appear before the
consumer as carrying groceries
exclusively. The liquor business
should be handled by those to
whom it belongs. Having made
the grocery business my only
study for many years, I am able
to offer the public the best qual-
ity of groceries at astonishingly
lovwprices— prices that confuse
all competitors.
Here they are:
n al ttnr Good and sweet, for table \<»n«
tjUIlGl use - ! arS8 S 9 uar e.. - QUO
Unmn P'cnlc Eastern sugar cured, ftl.
nalTlS No better, per Ib .. ...;, JJ^Q
Cinnr Cood family, white as 7C.
rlOUr snow, per sack.-... .. /{)(j
Unnnif Water white- The same as it\£,
nUflBy they se " el »ewhere for 15c- |UQ
Ctirim Fane/ drips, 14 gal. can, 'ftr.
OVniD'' while they last....... :=...' /hC
Pnol fill 'High grade Eastern. 7C-,
UUal Ull usually sold at $1.00. /J)Q
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~ ■■ ■■ ■- ■■" ."■■■■ - — ?i
VIII ~1 Steaa *^r 4 -4JTR JS^iLJ^f
TO THE MAN WHO THINKS.
pp|5^00K yourself squarely in the face and see
a if you are not half ashamed to be without
| J|P Ivory Soap in your house* Worse than this,
(■^^1 your wife is without it. It is bad enough
for a man, though a man often doesn't care how
his comfort is mis-spelled. But a woman misses all
these little helps to housekeeping. And Ivory Soap
is one; its great potency makes it actually cheaper
than yellow soap for general work. It floats.
c»»y»isht !><< %t tmi raocTu a uauwlm eo. Cincinnati
ELECTRIC CAR
SMASHES WAGON
J. J. Fox, a Teamster, Has
Narrow Escape Prom
Death.
An electric car of the Turk street line,
traveling at a high rate of speed, collided
with one of Gray Bros.* heavy four-horse
teams shortly after 6 o'clock yesterday
morning and as a result J. J. Fox, the
driver, was very seriously injured. The
accident occurred near Gough street. The
car struck the front wheel of the un
wieldly vehicle. So great 'was the mo
mentum of the car that the front wheel
of the wagon, wuich was struck was com
pletely demolished and the left hind leg
of one of the horses fractured.
Fox was struck by the Iron bar pro
truding from the front of the car and
fell between the rails of the track,
but the wagon with its heavy load
of crushed rock acted as a barricade and
prevented the car from running over him.
Fox . sustained a compound fracture of
the collarbone, a fracture of the
right knee cap and a fracture of a rib
on the left side. He was placed in a car
riage which happened to be passing at the
time and removed to the Central Emer
gency Hospital.
The horse was so badly injured by the
collision as to proclude all possibility of
It recovering. A policeman subsequently
shot the animal in order to put an end
to its sufferings.
Fox, who is a regular teamster in the
employ of Gray Bros., resides with his
family at 915 Battery street. When the
acident occurred he was hauling a load
of crushed rock from Gray" Bros.' quarry
In North Beach. In describing the acci
dent yesterday afternoon at the Central
Emergency Hospital the injured w-n
said:
"The car struck my wagon with tre
mendous force. I am certain that the
gripman did not slacken his speed in the
least when he saw my wagon on the
track. While the car was fully a block
away I saw its headlight and com
menced to turn from the track, but the
wheels stuck In a groove and my wagon
whirled directly across the track. When
the car advanced within thirty feet of me
I called to the gripman to stop, but I do
not think that he even attemped to do
so." "
H. H. Abarr, who is also one of the
Gray Bros.* teamsters, witnessed the ac
cident. He also claims that the car was
moving at a very great rate of speed
Neither Abarr nor Fox heard the grip
man sound his bfll.
GEORGIA WIDOW LOOKING
FOE. HER MISSING SON
Fremont G. Hall Leaves His South
ern Home and Fails to Tell of
•His . Whereabouts.
Freeman G. Hall of Fitzgerald, Ga.,
has been missing for the last two weeks
and his widowed mother Is making every
effort to find him. She has enlisted the
services of the police department and has
taken other means of locating him.
He left home In November last and his
destination was San Francisco. He Is a
printer by trade and for a time was em
ployed in this city. In his last letter to
his mother he stated he was going on a
short fishing trip. Since then the anxious
mother has not heard from him.
Hall is 19 years of age. tall and slender.
He has dark hair and eyes and a long
prominent nose. He Is an only son and
his mother Is anxious to gain tidings of
him. She fears he la sick and requests
that any. one knowing- his whereabouts
communicate with her. Mrs. Hall la edi
tor of The Irwln County Citizen, a paper
published in Fitzgerald, Ga.
United Moderns' Social.
The social evening of California Lodge
No. 165, United Moderns, in the Shlels
building last night was well attended and
was a very enjoyable affair. The pro
gramme prepared by the committee of ar
rangements, A. C. Greenfield, John L.
Cahlll, Samuel C. Wallis and W. E. Jack
son, had for its features a violin and
piano duet by\J. L. Cahill and Miss M.
Underwood; recitation by Miss Kthel Tay
lor; specialties; Helen Xeilsen and Lillian
Chpate; "Life's Dream Is O'er," vocal
duet, Mrs. J. Hayes and Dr. H. J. Dinan*
humorous selections, Carro-Tnie Board
man: "Dear Heart." soprano solo, Little
Alice Barnuni. The programme was fol
lowed by progressive whist; dancing: and
refreshments. f
More Time for "Welburn's Bonds.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals made an order yesterday staying
the mandate In the case of the bondsmen
of ex-Internal Revenue Collector Welburn
until the first Monday In February. The
bondsmen had deposited $40,000 in the
United States sub-treasury as a com
promise, but the courts. and the Treasury
Department decided about a week aeo
that the whole amount, $52,000. -must be
paid.
Outfits for Artists.
Oil and Water Color. Boxes filled with
artists' supplies or a nice set of drawing
instruments make useful and acceptable
Christmas presents for any one who Ukea
to paint or draw. Greatest assortment at
Sanborn, Vail & Co/a. 741 Market stree"
Drowned Body Identified.
The body of the man found In the bay
near Fillmore street wharf last Saturday
was Identified at the Morgue yesterday as
that of Edward J. Sullivan, a teamster.
who resided at 109 Morris avenue. Sul
livan was unmarried and 2$ years old. H»
had been out of work for the past eight
months, but his friends say that be was
not at all despondent. Several months
ago. during the strike, he was severely
wounded on the head In an alter^Jplon
with a non-union teamster and It '^"be
lieved that he became temporarily de
ranged because of the wound. He left
home last Thursday morning after In
forming the inmates that he was going to
work for a furniture house.
Great reduction In price on Holiday Liquors
at Horwltz & Cohn's, 1718 Market, phone South
684. Straight whiskies, $2. *2 00. $3 gal. Port,
sherries, 75c. $1. $1 25 sal. Purity ruaranteed. •
McKinley Monument Fund.
To-morrow night a patriotic entertain
ment will be given in the social hall of
the Shlels building In aid of the McKinley
monument fund by Martha "Washington
Council of the Daughters of Liberty.
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
O O
Xmas
Presents
At Cut Rates. A
TO-DAY
GIFT DAY
When you can buy your Christmas
Presents and other goods In our line
and receive In addition the gift of an
elegant doll. 13 Inches long, bisque
head; or a bottle of Vellot's French
Perfume, on purchases amounting to
50c or over.
Perlume Atomizers from 25c
Ladies' Pocket Books from 25c
Albums from JL50
Celluloid Toilet Sets from. . . . . $2.00
Ebony Toilet Stts from ...... $150
Opera Glasses and Optical Goods.
Eyes tested free by an Expert Optician.
o c
NOTICE.
GEORGE MAYERLE. tha Graduate
German Expert Optician, at 1071% Market
street, near Seventh, San Francisco, doea
not visit outside cities or make »profes»
sional calls outside of San Francisco,
neither does he employ any optician to
represent him.
GIVE' NEW SIGHT FOR XMAS.
i^^fe^Ta. HAKE a present that will
WLJ" *«^ oo.. . highly appreciated for
*t5J^. MANV YEARS TO COME.
ygy^^X. , Mayerle's Superior Quality
C?W ""^ Eyeglasses are^tha only one* "
\jj Indorsed by tho h&hest U 8, J
Army Navy and TOovfcronMJ-
officials. Will be sent by express with privilege
of trylnr them before paying any charges.
Prices $5. $10 and (15. "When ordering: stats
agre. occupation, also whether classes are want-
ed for reading or to see off. GEORGE 1IAY-
ERLE, Graduate German Expert Optician.
107114 Market «t. nr. 7th. S. F. TeL South
572. German Eyewater. 60c.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK V3p~
fif ? i jCffi^ mnwH t
Best NATURAL Alkalinel Water
"""aaoTllOADWAT. N. T.
WHIPS, ROBES, BLANKETS
FOR THE HOLIDAYS.
Novelties— many of them Im-
ported—all new— most any prlca.
STUDEBAKER RBOS.fOMPANY
OF CALIFORNIA.
Market and Tenth 8t«.
DR.MQMLTY. \
THIS WELL-KSOW5 ASTD RKLIABLE OLD
Specialist <rwe* Blood Poison, <;onorrhass»,Gle«*t,
Stricture, scrainal Weakness, (mpotrnce and t/.eir
allied Disorders. Boole on Diseases of Meifij&ee.
Over20years' experience. Term* reasonable. Hour*
9to3dally;6:30to3.30ev'gs.8andays,l0tol2. Consni-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call or ad drew
r. ftOSCOE MeNCLTT. M. D. •
20% Ifceamy St., San .Francisco, CaL