Continued on Page Five.
ing Red Men. i
ST. PATTL. Oct. 1.— Sheriff Claggett of
Mills Lacs County reported to-day a seri
ous condition of affairs among the Indians
.-bout Mills Lacs. Smallpox is alarmingly
prevalent there, and the village authori
ties who tried to keep, the Indians from
circulating among the whites have been
driven off after a threatening demonstra
tion by the reds. A clash between the
settler* and Indians is probable. ]
Settlers in Minnesota Are Forced to
Retire Before the Threaten-
INDIAN'S THE VICTIMS
OF DREADED SMALLPOX
British. Citizens Become Restless
Again Ov^er the Long Drawn-
Out Strife
LONDON, Oct. 2.— Within two weeks the
w^j- In South Africa -will have entered
upon its third year, and In the face of the
recrudescence of organized operations by
the Boers and of the Impossibility of
carrying out Mr. Eroderick's promise to
reduce the war expenditures by sending
home some troops, the Government
organs are again becoming restless.
There is a mystery surrounding the
operations, and the whole situation in
Xatal and the denials and evasions of the
War Office concerning the alleged friction
between Mr. Broderick and Lord Kitch
ener form the subject of editorial protests
on all sides.
THZSD YEAB, SOON BEGINS
OF SOUTH AFRICAN WAR
The convention nominated Trustees as
follows: First Ward, George K. Rider;
Third Ward, Grant Black; Fifth Ward,
Joseph Mayo; Seventh Ward, L. Vogel;
Ninth. Ward, Edward Carragher. C. 11.
Profiler was nominated for City Treas
urer.
SACRAMENTO, " Oct. 1.— The Demo
cratic City Convention to-night nom
inated James H. Devine for Mayor with
out a dissenting voice. This makes the
fifth candidate in the field for the office
of Mayor, the others being William Land,
Republican; L. Tozer, Municipal League;
George H. Clark, Independent, and S. E.
Alderman, Socialist.
Old politicians declare that the cam
paign, which will close early In Novem
ber, will be one of the hottest waged
here in many years. George H. Clark,
the Incumbent, has cast defiance into the
teeth of the Republican organization, and
has even placed an immense electric sign
announcing E*t candidacy on top of the
very building in which the Republicans
maintain their headquarters.
In accepting the nomination to-night
Devine said that he had no newspaper to
support him and no electric devices to
light him on his \u25a0way. He openly charged
William Land with having, while in the
office of Mayor three years ago, betrayed
the Interests of the people in the matter
of buying up city bonds of questionable
validity. Devine pronounced against the
proposed mechanical filtration plan, say
ing that It -would cost vast sums to op
erate it. He oeclared that now, while
Sacramento was on the eve of making
many cosily improvements, the taxpay
ers Bhould be watchful of the men they
put into office.
Five Candidates Are Now Racing for
the Office and a Warm Cam
paign Is Probable.
S ACK A3IENT0 DEMOCRATS ""
NAME DEVOTE FOR MAYOR
The victim? of the mine fire were nearly
all married men and their families in most
cases are utterly unprovided for. Relief
funds have been opened.
In ar.y event the mines must" lie idle
many months. Prior to the disaster of
Monday the Extension output was 35,000
tons of coal a month. It cannot now be
more than 10,000 tons. Work has been
promised to about half the men who are
turned adrift by the disaster, which in
dicates that new workings will be opened
at once.
NANAIMO, B. C, Oct. 1.— Time only
adds to the horror of the Extension Col
liery disaster. In all seventeen men have
lost their lives and months will elapse be
fore their bodies are recovered. The mines
are now sealed up, but at any moment an
explosion may blow out the stoppings and
•wreck the workings. The remedy, danger
ous though it be, \u25a0was the only one pos
sible. The mines are high up the hill and
water would have to be pumped to a
heigrht of 1000 feet and a distance of about
a mile. This course will be adopted when
the attempt to smother the fire Is proved
ineffective.
£j>ecial Dispatch to The Call
Disaster in Extension Slopes Will
Greatly Decrease the Output of
Coal From the Cumber
land Beds.
Colliery Exits Are Sealed in
an Effort to Smother the
Flames.
Nanaimo's Dead Will
Not Be Recovered
for Months.
SEVENTEEN
PERISH IN
THE MINE
Dayton and Seabreeze Residents Con
fined in. Their Homes for
Four Days.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., Oct. l.-The
cities of Dayton and Seabreeze, on the
east coast, have been shut off from the
world for four days by high water, which
inundated a large part of the towns. Com
munlcatien with them was re-established
only to-day. Many persons were unable
to leave their homes. Floods all through
the section are heavier than for years.
CITIES IN FLORIDA
CTJT OFF BY FLOODS
LONDON, Oct. 2.— Thousands of rebels,
says a dispatch to the Daily Mail from
Hongkong, after sacking the German
mission at Piang Thong, attacked Hln-
Nan, a city near Cochin. They were re
pulsed, but they then attacked Shakma,
where they were again repulsed. Two
thousand Chinese troops have been sent
to suppress them.
"Disorders have arisen in the Tang-tse
province owing to the ravages of the
Hoods and the diversion of the relief funds
by corrupt, officials," says the Shanghai
correspondent of the Standard. "These
threaten -to culminate In rebellion. Tho
situation in very grave and the heal au
thorities have been ordered to rair" troopj
and to place the districts in a state of de
fense."
Large Force of. Soldiers Are Sent to
Stay the Advance of Law
breakers.
CHINESE REBELS SACK
A GERMAN MISSION
"Now stand back," was the nevt order,
and Mr. Rowe retreated a short distance.
The robber gathered up his hat contain
ing the booty and then commanded the
Mayor to go in one direction and not look
back, on pain of being shot. When Mr.
Rowe reached a street car and turned
around the footpad had disappeared.
"Now, your money," said the footpad,
and the Mayor's purse, containing $6, fol
lowed the watch.
"Hold up your hands and be quick!"
said the robber, levelling a revolver ai the
Mayor's head. "Why don't you hold up.
your hands?" »
' The Mayor, although startled, responded
"I won't."
Then the robber threw his slouch hat to
the ground and ordered his Honor to
throw his money and valuables Into it.
The Mayor tossed his valuable gold watch
into the hat. i
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 1.— A masked
footpad held up Mayor Henry S. Rowe
this evening within a block of the Mayor's
home. The robber escaped. The Mayor
had left his house to board a trolley car
when the footpad sprang at him out of
the darkness.
Executive of the Oregon Metropolis
Surrenders His Watch and
Purse.
MASKED FOOTPAD BOBS
MAYOR OF PORTLAND
"Within the past few days the compa
;nies -In. the trust,, which originally, num
bered twenty-one, have increased to twen
ty-three. "Within the next year the num
ber of companies in the trust will prob
ably be increased to thirty. Those al
ready in It are said to control 90 per cent
of the plow trade.
Charles H. Deere of Mollne is said to be
slated for the head of the trust, which Is
to be capitalized for $100,000,000. The elec
tion may be deferred for a month. The
headquarters for the organization will be
in Chicago.
More Companies Join.
In anticipation of the world-wide trade
in implements which they believe is to
be theirs, the members of the combine
have for the last two days been planning
not only to enlarge their plants, but also
to erect new ones on both the Pacific and
Atlantic coasts. This, it is thought, will
be a necessity in order to properly handle
the great bulk of the export trade. Prop
ositions for sites for new plants on tho
coast have already been submitted to tha
members.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1.— Twenty-three of the
largest plow manufacturers in the United
States gathered about a banquet table in
the Auditorium Annex H<ftel to-night and
talked of the proposed plow trust, one uf
the most gigantic ever concelvad.
For two days the manufacturers have
been 'in session, planning in detail a
world-wide conquest in the ' plow trade.
Scarcely a country in Europe, South
America, Africa or Asia has escaped their
intended monopoly in the plow trade.
Will Erect New Plants.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
One Hundred Million Dollars Is tho
Capital and New Plants Are to
Be Erected on the Pacific
and Atlantic Coasts.
Countries of Europe, Asia and
Africa "Will Not Escape
the Monopoly.
MAGNIFICENT in hia loneli
ness" is the epitomized de
scription formed by some one
of John Pierpont Morgan.
However true the picture
may be as he overtops the
industrial and financial giants whom he
meets in the business world or
towers above the swarm of . money
seeking pigmies who eagerly j watch
for the least sign of his movement
Manufacturers Are Com
pleting the "Gigantic
Combine.
Sketch of the Great
Banker of the New
World.
WORLD-WIDE
PLOW TRUST
IS PLANNED
J* Pierpont Morgan, the World-Famous Prince^ of Finance, Gomes to the City; as Lay
Delegate Bringing Guests, Ihelucjing -Bishops Potter and Doane*
Special Trains Arrive
Bearing Many
Delegates
YESTERDAY San Francisco wit
nessed the arrival of hundreds of
the most distinguished clerics
and laymen of the country, who
will take part in the general con
vention of the Episcopal church
of the United States that begins this
morning in Trinity Church. ? '
At the ferry depot and at the various
hotels there were scenes of activity from
early morn until late at night. DIgni-
EPISCOPAL PRELATES, CLERGY AND LAYMEN ASSEMBLE TO-DAY
FOR TRIENNIAL GENERAL CONVENTION IN TRINITY CHURCH
Although the special had the right .^of
way over the Southern Pacific system
from Ogden to Oakland, it was side
tracked this morning at Port Costa to al
low other special trains to reach the Oak
land mole. Three specials bearing Rele
gates to the; Episcopal convention were
carried across the Straits of Carquinez at
the same time as the Morgan special was
ferried across on the Solano.
.It was exactly 8 a. m. yesterday when
the Morgan ' special pulled into the depot
on the Oakland j mole. The passengers
were at breakfast In. the dining car and
did not leave trie train until an hour later.
William H. Crocker was at the depot to
receive Bishop Potter and Mr. Morgan,
and a prominent figure was that of Louis
Sherry, the New York caterer, who was
sent to this city by Morgan to take charge
of the cuisine of the Crocker mansion,
where the, millionaire and. his guests will
reside' during the convention. Sherry ar
rived In San Francisco : on Monday night,'
but he had been preceded by a corps of
Continued on Page Five.
French chefs and waiters.. Breakiast was
prepared at the Crocker house yesterday
morning, but-Morgan and. his party took
the morning meal in the. dining cart of
the special train.' . . \u25a0' i . '"-' -. ; '\u25a0\u25a0'..
Magnates Chided by. Deckhand.
The distinguished visitors' were in /the
best of spirits as they; left 1 ; the, train and:
walked to the carriages ; in .waiting. As
soon \ as ! ; the '; carriages ; were driven '\ on
the^ ferry-boat, -Morgan . and \u25a0 his guests left
the vehicles- and climbedjthe stairs to'' the
upper deck.v The usual) p'ass'engers 'on.'ttie
boat soon- learned of r the 'identity, of vth'e
party and they : surrounded; the miliioria ire
and j hip f clerical '. friends. ' ;» Morgan "••''was
dressed in ;a .dark cutaway^suit andi wore
a derby hat. XHe; evidently enjoys. smbk
ing,' for he used 'two '.cigars^- on '.the " .trip
across 'the',' bay! Bishop^"Potter.'Valso
enjoyed j a j cigar -while ; onV the -upper 'deck
of • .the , ferry-boat , > and, ; millionaire .- and
Bishop Were "\u25a0 gently^ reproved '/by^a •deck
hand j for viola ting { the I rules 'of ? the yrailS 1
road' company,' but they, continued 'to' puff
the fraerant weeds. - - ' \u25a0• V •
.Bishop Doane of Albany' wore the gait
ers and frock of his rank, and his kindly
face attracted attention on all sides. The
points of. interest around the bay were
pointed out to the party by W. H. Crocker
and an amusing incident occurred when
the ferry-boat". was nearlng, the slip. A
deckhand \u25a0' had " placed : the chain | across
the railing at the. head of the stairs' and
Bishop Doane .asked \u25a0* to j be allowed to
descend .before it was . taken' down. . The
deckhand,; unaware of the identity of the
Bishop, informed him that he could not
do. so until . the .horses iand wagons had
left the ; lower deck for the shore. - When
the "deckhand was .not jj looking, \ Bishop
Doane ' stooped ' down arid [ passed under
the chain /to the \u25a0stairs /arid his example
was. followed i by .: Millionaire , Morgan' and
many of ; the ; distinguished travelers/ -The
waiting 'carriages were"' then "entered. '
,; Morgan- and- the cBishops, together with
TWO PROMINENT PRELATES OF THE EPISCOPAL "CHURCH OF THE 'UNITED STATES AND A FAMOUS NEW
YORK FINANCIER WHO COMES AS A LAY DELEGATE-TO THE'.TRIENNIAL ' CONVENTION ABOUT TO
OPEN IN THIS. CITY. • . • . ; . : ", •\u25a0.•.;' '.' ; ..':.;_ .
When the special train pulled out of the
New York Central depot last Friday
morning at 8 o'clock orders were given
that it was to make record time. The
various roads over which the special
traveled made it possible for Mr. Morgan
and his guests to reach the Oakland mole
in exactly four days after the 'start was
made from Gotham. .
Special Train's Fast Bun.
The car occupied by Mr. Morgan Is the
property of President Newman of the
New York Central Railroad. The train
was not one that can be designated as
luxurious and did not compare in equip
ment with the one used by the late Presi
dent McKlnley in his journey to the Pa
ciflc Coast.
The train crew consisted of . eighteen
persons, including, the "porters, waiters,
two electricians and a stenographer. The
entire train was vestibuled and lighted by
electricity.
The train was made up of the composite
car Atlanta, carrying the baggage and the
electric dynamo for lighting the train; the
sleeping car Petruchio, the dining car
Hollenden, the private car Columbia, oc
cupied by Bishops Potter and Doane; the
private car Genesta, occupied by Mr.
Morgan, and the observation car Alroy.
tarie3 of the church of various rank, men
whose names are world famous in the
cause of spiritual and moral guidance,
prominent citizens who stand at the head
of finance and the learned professions,
women whose lives are devoted to charity
—all these mingled with their brothers
and sisters of more humble degree as they
went through the usual details of a
traveler's arrival.
The chief event of yesterday was the
coming of the special train of J. Pierpont
Morgan, the famous financier and multi
millionaire, together with Bishop Potter
of New Tork, Bishop Doane of Albany,
Rev. Dr. Greer of New York and a num
ber of guests of Mr. Morgan.
The special train of the millionaire con
sisted of six cars, which accommdated the
eleven guests of Mr. Morgan and the staff
of train servants.
As to the "magnificent" part of the epit
ome pen, picture, the sharers of his pala
tial moving home . and "partakers of hh»
princely provision and warm hospitality
would even better the word pure in con
nection with the name of Pierpont Mor
gan, i
Among these men and In the great tri
ennial gathering of the curators and leg
islators of the Protestant Episcopal
church, both off and on the floor, J. Pier
pont Morgan has and holds his own pecu
liar place, and that in the ; lowest and
humblest order of the church*.
A primate in the practical business
world, a money master who unites and
controls vast sums, who welds great Iron
and steel enterprises into one huge co
operative combination, who consolidates
under one control vast railroad systems,
who has a directing voice in thirty-odd
of the great corporations of the country,
comprising nearly every j)hase of enter
prise; who is the. head of the most pow
erful and widely influential banking house
on the continent, if not in the world, John
Pierpont Morgan comes to the General
Convention of the Protestant Episcopal
Church as a simple lay delegate from St.
George's parish, New York , City, of which
he ' has been an active working member
ever ; since he • took- up his residence in
New York in the early seventies. :
Regularly Attends the Conventions.
\u25a0; At the last; six conventions, covering a
With the large number of distinguished
men, prelates, priests and laymen, all his
guests for. the round trip and the time of
the convention, all mingling together in
the fullest ease and Intimacy, Mr. Mor
gan's appearance suggested something
very far from loneliness.
in any direction of enterprise, it could
not by any means of turning be made to
fit the situation as his splendidly ap
pointed special train rolled into the Oak
land mole at the end of its journey across
the continent.
VOLUME XC— NO. 124.
SAN rRANCIStJO, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco CallStops the Cough
And works off the cold. Laxative Bromo
Quinine \u25a0 Tablets cure a cold In one day. No
Cure. No Pay. Price 25 cents. '\u25a0•
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals will begin the October term In this
city next Monday. The most important
cases on the calendar are the Noyes con
tempt matters and the Idaho mining ap
peals. • :
Circuit-Court of Appeals.
SEATTLE, . Oct. 1.— The report of - the
first quarter of the, fiscal year as made by
the United States Assay Office in Seattle
shows a deficit under last year's receipts
of almost $7,000,000. The receipts of gold
were $8,174,312. The falling off is attribut
ed to the different methods employed in
the Klondike and the extremely dry sea
son at Nomfe.
Falling OS in Gold Receipts.
SIOUX FALLS. S. D., Oct. 1.— The
twenty-first meeting of the Farmers' Con
gress .convened, here this, afternoon for. a
ten days' session. There is much differ
ence of opinion on the advisability of the
passage of a law against oleomargarine
and the liveliest discussions are likely to'
be on that • subject. -Hon. Sterling Mor
ton of Nebraska, ex-Governor Hoard
of Wisconsin and Charles H. Knight of
Illinois, secretary .of the National Dairy
men's Association,' will be among the
prominent speakers. • .
Will Discuss Oleomargarine Law.
Regular Soldiers Deserting.
•PHOENIX, Ariz,, Oct. l.-News has
just reached here of wholesale desertions
from Fort Grant, in eastern Arizona.
Twenty soldiers left the post to-day and
started for Mexico. These are in addition
to numerous desertions on Saturday. A
strong force of troops and Indian trailers
has gone after them, trying to overtake
them before they. reach the border.
STOCKTON. Oct. l.-After Mrs. Sarah
F. Springfield had presented her argu
ment in the suit for maintenance against
her husband. Rev. W. H. Springfield,, to
day, the court granted a motion for a
r.onsuit. The attorneys for the minister
had to first withdraw an action for a dl
vcrce which Springfield had filed against
his wife.
Mrs. Springfield Is Nonsuited.
PETALUMA, Oct. 1.— The red and white
flag o'f the State Grange .flies over Ma
sonic Temple. The thirty-fourth session
of the grange was .opened by Worthy
Master Wonhen this morning. One hun
dred and forty delegates answered the
roll, all subordinate lodges but eight be
ing represented.
The grange first convened for the pur
pose of conferring the fifth, or~ Ceres, de
gree. Four candidates were introduced.
After a recess the meeting reconvened
and initiated candidates for the fourth, or
Pomona, degree. .In the afternoon reports
of grand officers 'and masters of subordi
nate granges were received.
To-night Mayor Bralnerd turned over
the keys of the city to Master Worthen
at a public reception to the visitors. The
affair took place in Masonic Temple. J.
P. Rodgers was chairman of the evening.
Mayor Brainerd's welcome to the city
was responded to by Past Master Walter
Greer, and the greeting from the local
grange; tendered by F. A. Meyer, brought
a response from Grand Lecturer Taylor.
Master Worthen of San Jose and C. W,
Emery of Oakland also delivered short
speeches. The -programme, was inter
spersed with literary and musical selec
tions and closed with a dance.
To-morrow business sessions will oc
cupy the morning and afternoon hours. A
special feature of the afternoon will be a
drill by a woman's team from, Healds
burg Grange.
Many belated delegates arrived this
evening and the reception committee has
its hands full caring for the visitors. -.
Tenders Formal Recep
tion to the Visiting
Delegates.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 1.— The Postofflce
Department to-day issued the following:
Free delivery service will be established
at North* Yakima, Wash., December 1.
These pensions 1 were granted to-day:
California— Original — James "Williams,
Vallejo, $6; Joseph R. Bruce, Fresno, $6;
Charles J. Beckwith, Woodland, $t>. War
with Spain— Sydney H/McCauley, Fruit
vale, $«. Increase— Elijah S. West, Saw
telle, $17; James R. Grider, Fresno, $10;
John L. Victor Fcuck, Soldiers' Home,
LOs. Angeles, $12; Franklin Kelly. Red
iands, J12; James H. Street, Chlco, $6;
James L. Small. Mayfield. $8. Widow—
Electa J. Shaw, Santa Ana, $8.
Washington — Increase, restoration. re
issue—George W. Herron, Columbia City,
$10; George W. Hoyt, Vancouver, $8;
George B. Nichols, Soldiers' Home, Ort
ing. $8; John A. Willock, Olalla, $8. Orig
inal, widows— Margaret J. Hill, Tacoma,
$8; Augusta Johnson, Port Angeles, $8.
Patents were issued to-day as follows:
California— William F. Bowers. San Fran
cisco, concentrating belt; Albert C. Cal
kins, assignor to F. W. Braun, Los An
geles, attachment for ore sampling ma
chines; Willmer S. Case, Haywards, con
testing machines; Sheridan Forbes, Berk
eley, assignor one-half to E. H. Winter
burn. San Francisco, photograph album;
Frank H. Gotsche. San Francisco, foot
warmer; Henry R. Hopgood, Mentone,
nut lock: Joel Lund, assignor one-half to
S. G. Chapman, San Francisco, veloci
pede; Alfred Mariott. Gaston, gold saving
apparatus; Edward H. Merile, San Fran
cisco, device for securing cams' or like
hubs upon their shafts.
Oregon— David E. Werts, Grants Pass,
adjustable ventilators for windows.
Washington— Samuel Nixon, Clyde, har
vester reel; Thomas F. Payne, Spokane,
water seal trap.
Changes T.Iade in tlie Postal Service
and Pensions and Patents
Granted.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 1.— As a prelimi
nary' to the thirty-third annual session of
the Los Angeles Baptist Association, a
convention of Baptist Sabbath School
superintendents and teachers opened to
day in Bethel Baptist Church. F. B.
Crosier was chairman of the meeting. R.
D. Haskel" of the First Baptist Church
made a brief addresa.
Los Angeles Baptist Association.
SEATTLE. Oct. 1.— The steamer Hum
boldt arrived from Skaguay to-day with
216 passengers and more than $1,000,000 in
pold, half- of it in care of the Alaska Ex
press Company. It is the second largest
shipment of the season from the Klon
dike.
The Humboldt brings the news that Sep
tember 25, the first day on which press
dispatches reached Skaguay from the
States, was regarded as an epoch in Alas
kan history. All the telegraphic news
was strongly featured. The story is also
told of a fabulously rich quartz strike in
the Atlin district, assaying $25,000 in gold
to the ton.
BRINGS A MILLION . *
IN ICLO2CDIKE GOLD
Second Largest Shipment of Season
Arrives on Steamship
Humboldt.
SAX JOSE, Oct. l.^The Odd Fellows of
this city to-nigiit celebrated the securing
of the Odd Feliows' Home, now at Ther
malito, for Santa Clara County. AH the
lodges of this city and representatives
from those about the county filled Odd
Fellows' Hall, the occasion being the pre
sentation cf the deed of the home site to
Grand Master William Nicholls of the
State lodge.
S. ZZ. Moreland. chairman of the com
mittee thai raised the fund to buy the
cite, opened th-> meeting, at which Past
Grand Master Gosbey presided. Judge M.
H. Hyland presented the deed to Grand
Master Xicholls. The latter accepted the
document and made a happy speech of
thanks. Remarks were also made by W.
A. Bonynge. past grand master, and'
Grand Secretary G. T. Shaw. A banquet
was served by the Rebekah Lodge.
Santa Clara County I/Odgemen Pre
fcent the Deed to Grand Master
Nicholls.
SITE FOB ODD FELLOWS'
HOME IS TRANSFERRED
PETALUMA GIVES
GRANGE GREETING
THE sentiment "against the yellow
anarchistic press is so pronounced
in the Pacific-Union Club of this
city that the members have re
. solved to take measures looking
to the expulsion from the club of W. R.
Hearst.
It is proposed that action shall be taken
under the following -article of the by
laws:
The board of directors may, by the affirma-
McKeracher :s a young man of good
family, 23 years of age and resides at 614
Seneca street. His father is J. W. Mc-
Keracher. a contractor. McKeracher un
til August 1 last bore a good business
reputation in Seattle. Drink and the com
pany of women, together with a desire for
gambling, caused his downfall. Early in
August he was discharged by the bank
officials on account of his dissipated hab
its. An investigation which followed re
vealed the fact that McKeracher had
made false entries and had taken funds
of the bank.
SEATTLE, Oct. 1. -Donald McKeracher.
for the past two years paying teller in
the Seattle National Bank, was to-day ar
rested on the charge of grand larceny
and embezzlement. Young McKeracher.
it is alleged, is a defaulter in the sum of
$3200.
McKeracher was urder bond in the sum
of $10,000 to the bank, and the loss has
been fully paid by the surety company
which supplied the fidelity bond. The
surety company decided to prosecute, and
the result was the issuance of the war
rant.
Love cf Women and Gambling Gets
a Young Financier of Seattle
Into Trouble.
BANK'S* PAYING TELLEB
IS CHARGED WITH THEFT
"In April. 1S?9. Robert and, Peter Moran
had a personal quarrel and almost an en
counter and since said quarrel and at all
times thereafter until the death of
Peter Moran he held his brothers. Wil
liam and Peter Mcran. in contempt and
scorn and would not sneak to them and
refused to recognize them in public or
elsewhere or have anything to do with
them."'
She asks for |.he removal of Robert Mo
ran as executor and that she be appointed
in his stead.
SEATTLE, Oct. l.-Mrs. Jacobs Moran,
widow of Ffc?ter Moran, who died in
Alaska last summer, filed to-day a sen
sational petition and affidavit in the Su
perior Court. Mrs. Moran alleges that
Robert Moran, brother of her' husband
and president of the Moran Bros. Com
pany, is withholding from her a large
amount of money, exceeding $19,000, and
refuses to carry out a contract made with
Peter Moran prior to his death.
After reciting that for eleven years prior
to January, 189?. her husband was asso
ciated with Robert Moran and other
brothers in the foundry business, she says
that in January, ]*a9, Robert Moran en
tered into a contract with her husband by
which he agreea to purchase hss stock in
the; company ior a sum exceeding $io,0oj
and pay to her $75 a montn during tier
fcusbana's absence from Seattle ana etr
tain stipulated portions of the dividends
until' the whole of the purchase price was
paid. She further alleges that he has paid
no portion of the pun-hase price and Lhat
it is still due ana owing to her and the
heirs of Peter Moran: that in March, 1SS9,
"Kobert Moran and William Moran. con
spiring together to defraud Peter Moran
of the meneydue him, coerced Peter Mo
ran to sign a will, which is the same will
probated in August, 1<W1; that said will
was not signed voluntarily and is not the
last will and testament of Peter Moran."
She further • alleges that the brothers
Immediately placed the will in the safe of
the company, which v.-as not accessible to
her husband, and continues:
i-pecial Dispatch to The Call
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 1.— The Duke and
Duchess of Cornwall completed their
westward tour through Canada to-day
and to-morrotv \u25a0will set their faces east
ward and toward home. They arrived
her<> this morning and were given one of
the most enthusiastic receptions of their
trip. There were many. Americans in the
great crowd that gathered -here for the
roval visit and an address presented to
the Duke by the American-British League
of Seattle was acknowledged in the gen
eral response made by the Duke to the
foimal welcomes. Perfect weather pre
vailed throughout the day and the city
was in an attractive dress cf flags and
bunting.
The last stage of the westward trip
from Vancouver to Victoria was made on
the steamship Empress of India; whicti
was accompanied by the cruisers War
spite. Amphion. Phaeton and Condor; the
destroyers Sparrow Hav.'k and Virago:
and the, Dominion steamer Quadra. As
the fleet neared Victoria the cruisers ran
ahead r.nd dropped anchor and dressed
ship, and when the Empress . of India
steamed in their puns roared out a royal
salute and the bluejackets manned ti" 1 .*
yards. A shore battery at Work Point
, took up the refrain of the guns, firing an
; other royal salute. Great crowds rilled
the shore driveway and the streets radi
ating from the outer wharf and when the
royal party landed there was a long cheer
of welcome.
Duke Rssponds to Welcome. i
Sir Wilfrid Laurier presented Lieuten- !
ant Governor Sir Henri Jo'.y and the ;
members of the local reception commit- ;
tee, who showed the Duke and Duchess '
to their carriages. The drive to the Par- :
liament buildings, where the formal wel
come was extended, was through crowded
streets, decorated with flags and stream- i
ers. The civic address was read by Mayor !
Hayward. after which addresses from the
Presbytery of British Columbia and the i
American-British League of Seattle -were j
offered. The latter address was present*-! :
by John W. Pratt of Seattle, and said in ]
part:
' We rejoice at the prowing unity of spirit be
tween the great constitutional empire and the
great republic, and we have observed with in- j
tense the appreciation by the ;
American peopls of the friendly purposes mam- !
fested toward them by his Majesty and the i
British Government. •
The Duke in his reply said In part:
I desire to assure you of the gratitude which \u25a0
th* X'uehess end I feel for the -kind words of
welcome and srood wishes which are expressed j
Jr. the welcome you have expressed on behalf j
of the citizens of Victoria, the residents of i
Seattle and other parts of the State of Wash
ington and the British Columbian Synod of ths
Presbyterian church in Canada. I shall haw
much pleasure in informing: my de»r father.'
the Kins, with what special satisfaction I
have noted your Etront declaration of loyalty
to the throne and pride in the heritage of citi
zenrhip. . I know what proof of this spirit you
have already given in the blood of your eons !
which I'.as been shed on the South African !
veldt. 1 am confident the sacrifices you have :
made- will not be in vain. They have forged !
another link in the golden chain which binds
together the British empire.
The Duke then presented medals to the
Victorians who served In South Africa,
after which he and the Duchess went
among the school children, who were all
marshaled in front of the Parliament
building. The royal party drove to Es
quimalt and were entertained at lun
cheon by Admiral Bickford on the war
ship Warspite. When the Duke r.nd
Duchess reached Esquimalt the ships
fired a royal salute and the yards were
manned. ' Later in the afternoon the
Duke and Duchess returned to the city
and drove to the exhibition grounds,
passing en route through the Chinese
quarter, which was fantastically decor
ated in their honor.
The Duke spoke briefly in opening the
exhibition, and, with the Duchess,
looked at many of the exhibits. To-night
the ducal party were entertained at din
ner in Government House, and in. turn
gave a reception in the Parliament build
ing:. The latter was brilliantly illumin
ated, and the reception made one of the
prettiest affairs of the day.
The Duke of York Presents
Medals to Victorian^
Volunteers.
Claims Contract Made With
Her Late Husband Has
Been Broken.
Reception to Kmg Ed
ward's Son and Party
in Victoria.
Sister- in - Law of Ship
builder Files Sensa
tional Petition.
ACCUSES ROBERT
MORAN OF FRAUD
AMERICANS JOIN
IN WELCOMING
LOSES HIS LIFE
IN A RUNAWAY
CHINESE FORGE
WELBURN'S SEAL
MEMBERS OF PACIFIG-UNION CLUB
INTEND TO EXPEL EDITOR HEARST
Proposed Action Is to Be Taken Under an Article of the By-Laws
Empowering the Directors to Act on Written Charges*
City Trustee Charles
Medhurst of Colton
Is Killed.
Bogus Certificates Are
Found Upon Smug;>
gled Mongols.
Bear Fac-Simile of Stamp
Used by Former Revenue
Collector.
Captain R. J. Martin Receives
Injuries Believed to
Be Fatal.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 1.— In a run
away accident at Colton, three miles from
this city, yesterday, Charles Medhurst
was instantly killed and Captain R. J.
xaartin fatally injured. Both men are
members of the Board of City Trustees or
Colton and are prominent fruit growers
of this section.
Mr. Medhurst and Captain Martlii were
returning from the former's ranch north
of the city with a load of furniture. Just
as they were nearing the Santa Fe tracks
the horses became frightened and ran
away. The" team , had not gone 200 yards
when Medhurst and Martin were thrown
out of the wagon, near the Santa Fe sta
tion. «£he wheels of the heavy wagon
crossetrthe small of Medhurst'a back and
killed him instantly. His ribs were crushed
in and it is believed the bones pressed
upon his heart. \u25a0
Martin was thrown from the wagon and
struck on his head. A heavy piece of
furniture fell upon him, breaking several
ribs and injuring him internally. Dr.
Champion, whd is attending him. says
there is but little chance of his living.
Charles Medhurst came to Colton from
Iowa thirteen years ago. He was 63 years
of age. To-morrow would have been his
birthday, and his aged wife had prepared
a surprise for him in the nature of a
family reunion and a birthday dinner.
"SOONEHS" WILL HAVE
CHANCE AT THE LAND
Old System Likely to Be Adopted at
Opening of Two Indian
Reservations.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.— The Interior
Department is rapidly completing plans
for the opening of the Fort Hall (Idaho)
•Indian reservation. The date 'for the
opening has not yet been fixed, as the
preliminary work has not been completed,
but it is expected that the reservation,
which contains 400.000 acres, will be
thrown open to settlement within a few
weeks.
The Quinault reservation in "Washing
ton, comprising 200,000 acres, probably will
be thrown open to settlement next spring.
The contract for surveying the reserva
tion is about to be awarded. Commis
sioner Herman of the General Land Of
fice said to-day that it was probable that
the old "sooner" system would be adopted
at the opening of both these reservations.
PORTLAND, Oct. 1.— Mrs. Emily Mash
of S\3llwood has received a dispatch from
the War Department stating that the
body of her son, Arthur Venville, one of
Lieutenant Gillmore's party, who was
killed in the Philippines, had been found
not far from Manila. The body will be
sent to this city for burial.
Soldier's Body Recovered*.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 1.— There were devel
opments of an interesting nature in. the
Chinese smuggling cases to-day, and after
telegraphic communication between the
Collector's office in this city and the Dis
trict Attorney's office in Los Angeles the
order came to place Tom "Wing Chew,
alias Lee Cheong, under arrest. The Mon
golian has been indicted already for aid
ing and abetting Chinese in their efforts
to avoid the exclusion laws and was out
under $l00o bail, with a Chinese as surety.
The discoveries of this morning- make it
evident that he was concerned in the
bringing into this country of three Chi
nese v/no were arrested on Saturday, two
of whom were ordered deported on Mon
day. Collector Bowers and Chinese In
spector You went to the jail and searched
tne effects of the Chinese and found full
directions from Lee Cheong as to how
they should act on arriving in Los An
geles, to which city they were purchas
ing tickets when arrested. The letters
were to Chinese in Los Angeles who were
to meet the three when they reached the
Angel City, and they are all signed by Lee
Cheong.
In the letters it was said that the bear
ers were strangers in the* country and
should be taken care of until they could
be sent forward to San Francisco. There
was also a copy of a telegram which the
Los Angeles Chinese was to send tt> Lee
Cheong' s brother in San Francisco as
soon as the three were satisfactorily
started for the metropolis.
On the request of District Attorney Val
entine at Los Angeles, Lee Cheong's bail
was raised in the. former case from $1000
to $25,000 by the Federal court and Depu
ty United States Marshal Place was di
rected to take him into custody. He was
found in Chinatown and made an ineffect
uul effort to escape. A new complaint
will be sworn to in the morning by Col
lector Bowers, charging Cheong with aid
ing and abetting the advewx or the three
Mongolians and, if held, there will be
another case for the Federal Grand Jury.
The three Chinese are supplied with
fraudulent certificates of residence in this
country, all of which purport to have
been made out and signed in 1894, when
all Chinese were compelled to register.
These certificates were supposed to give
some of the characteristic marks of the
Chinese registered and to carry the photo
graphs of the men. The seal of the In
ternal Revenue Collector was. so placed
that it stamped the photograph as well
as the certificate, and it was evidently
thought that this wo.uld prevent the
changing of the photographs. Chinese die
as well as other people, and it is claimed
by the customs officials that the certifi
cates of the dead as well as of those who
have returned to China to remain are kept
for use by such other Chinese as may de
sire to come over. Old photographs are
soaked off and new ones substituted.
In order to get around the matter of the
seal, a bogus seal has been made. It is
a facsimile Of "O. M. "Welburn, Internal
Revenue Collector," who was in charge of
the revenue district of California when
the certificates were first issued.
Funeral of Minstrel Haverly.
SALT LAKE, Oct. 1.— Funeral services
over the remains of Colonel J. H. Haverly,
who died in this city Saturday, -were held
in the Grand Opera-house this afternoon.
Many friends of the former "minstrel
king" and all the theatrical people of thl3
city weTe in "attendance The stage, was
draped in crape and the casket was liter
ally covered with beautiful floral offer
ings. The remains will be taken to Phila
delphia for interment.-
Mrs. McKinley Still Improves.
CANTON, Ohio, Oct. 1.— Dr. Rixey, Mrs.
McKinley's physician, left Canton to
night for "Washington. He said that Mrs.
McKinley's condition is such that all her
friends are very hopeful that no change
for the worse will occur.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1901.
A CIRCULATION THAT IS GOING UP-IN SMOKE.
tive vote of six of its members, expel any
member and forfeit his. membership, or sus
pend any member, for any conduct which in
Its opinion is likely to en'danger the welfare.
Interest or harmony of the : club; or when the
offense is of such a character as to admit
Of apolcgy or reparation the board shall have
power to require the offender to apologize or
make reparation, and to fix a time within
v.-hich it shall be done. A failure to so apOlo
glze or make reparation shall be sufficient
ground for expulsion or ; suspension, as the
board may deem Just At any time within
thirty days after such expulsion or suspension,
3. meeting: of the club to consider the same
shall be called. If a request be made In Writ
ing by ten members, addressed to the president,
at which meeting an appeal may be taken from
ths decision of the board of directors. The
member may be restored by a vote of two
thirds of the members present. No vote Shall
be taken by the board on a proposed. expulsion
or suspension until after three days' notice In
writing', setting forth the charge or charges
against the member In question, shall have
been' served upon iiim; and any such member
shall have the rjght to be heard before any
final vote thereon.
2
Have You Seen the New, Artistic
Everett Piano?
' liIFi<¥lii!i iillIj l iW^WFFiSi |i iii | iilP F ll! If not ' you have not seen the ne "^
W WmS' *IIW 'KS^^^^^^ImP l ea e d ak~" the COminS aUtC>m0bile ' "? U
' miM^SmOS^^ P ™ he <<EV ERETT» is a wonderful
iH ! 3SSgSBmBRvfU—^ V Cnd ori^ inal creation, imitating no
'\u25a0ilrBHpPHfflar/^^^ 1 ° ther Pian ° and possessin ? a body— a
C^^^^^f^^i^^xl * • i Become at once the owner of an
feSSSS^j^^SCT^y :7; "EVEEETT," and you become tha
I^Hi'^^^Kli 1 Jyji P° ssess °r of a truly ideal piano.
l' ; 4i»«^^^^a^pl^ ix^'Nr , "We urgently request an inspection.
f.SRS^SPHffl|i71iii™ M !;!f. « ; For. sale only by
lMmmM*m4 m Hark6 , S t..San Francisco. !
BRANCHES: 951 Broadway, Oakland; 57 S. Market St., San Jose; 1342
9gjB Park St., Alameda.
AWtW+W&W.HrirM^Wriri^ I I I I 1 1 -I-I-M II I I I I'M l-l-h
4; b a .h-K-k* \u25a01"M"M"1 I \u25a0M-H-I-* fr-H-H-* ************ \u2666*\u2666*** ***** ***\u2666 >' e -rtr&ri<"ir&r*'lr* \u25a0X-X-I-I- .'>M»M«I- \u25a0!\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0•:\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 •I-I-I"!":-:- -I-2-I-I-Z- \u25a0I"I-»-I- H • ?
*\u25a0*** v wiw>an(w^ wvv)a^^ *HX
*Hj. 2 ' ' : \u25a0 \u25a0 . •" \u25a0 • % JLB4.
£\u25a0* I .\u25a0 - -\ ' / _^ '"\u25a0G*^™«™'' MB _^^ 2 "**S*
•j* xpg • * / * ifivBw tt*r225*ft ~~m^^^^^^ s^^^ni hH^I \u25a0\u25a0 ' 539^^^ i * \u25a0 • m ***
***" 7* ~ " IwIh Bffiwawfif MsMfOBEBo^^ r§» IGS^h iT&a It^q »^| BBS vB^B - SkMl 7 »*»** *t*
•• Z* ' \u25a0\u25a0 .,,,,„„ wiiw \u25a0\u25a0^\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0iii \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0^r«MMgiMiTJ^iiMmwwwTmTiM«^^B»^^giriTMTtrTTg«mrin«M^ \u25a0 S • 5?
£l: I \u25a0 \u25a0"\u25a0"\u25a0'' • \u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0'\u25a0 .. : . " • j ::S::
::!• I . ' ...IS... \u25a0 1-1^
..b :; >;\u25a0 / • . , • I in 4 A *hT
± \u25a0•• z: v ---. \u25a0 '• t#^'*' ••• ii Tm'.l
S \u25a0 /Z *TH*~**
*"\u25a0£- > •'^^* —^^ \u25a0: • . , \u25a0 . ' -. .- \u25a0 •\u25a0•. , 2
::\u25a0?\u25a0 r . ' - ' \u25a0• . \u25a0 - \u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. ;. . . . •\u25a0 - i«i
$al| :i|| : : \u25a0 . \u25a0. \u25a0 ... iii fi \u25a0\u25a0 • \u25a0 fr
l| Begins in Sunday Gall, October 13th. |||
il|*: ' - : ' .. - -' J \u25a0;./• /\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0'\u25a0 -!/'/ M: : ::\u25a0:?
* **** »l"l'«i»»M» 4^***** 4«j«4.*»j«* &30&*m*z. 4..:..;..^i..% .?..:••!«%•«• aaaaaa \u25a0%^^.i..t»t. t ,',»\u25a0 .l.'..t..t.4. .t..t..t..t..t..t. j~t..i..;..;.4» .:~i..i«.i<»:«i» -i-^-r **-;• *»:-;-i"i-* >;..t..;..^..|. r
That is dyspepsia.
It makes life miserable.
Its sufferers eat not because they want to,
•but simply because they must.
They know they are irritable and fretfnl j
but they cannot be otherwise. < •
\u25a0 They complain of a bad taste In ths
month, a. tenderness at the pit of the stom-
ach, an uneasy feeling of puffy fulness,
headacne, heartburn and what not.
Thcf effectual remedy, proved by perma-
nent cures of thousands of severe cases, is
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Difficult Digestion
Hooo'8 FILLS aie the belt cathartic• HOTJGHTON, Mich.. Oct. 1.— The Doug
las Hotel was partially destroyed by flre
to-day. The loss is estimated at about
$75,000. The. building waa heavily insured.
All the occupants escaped in safety.
Hotel Damaged by Fire.
PORTLAND. Oct. 1.— Gresham. a village
fifteen miles east of this city, -was practi
cally destroyed by fire this morning. The
total loss will be $20,000. Only one store
remains.
Oregon Village Destroyed.
For side rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
and holders of nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 23 to
November 10 inclusive. Limit 30 days.
For time tables, descriptive literature and.
full Information call at Santa Fe offices,
fi41 Market St., and ferry depot.
Special Plates
The principal subject discussed was
that of a cable to Hawaii. Guam and the
Philippines. Propositions have been made
to lay a. commercial cable from San Fran
cisco to connect these islands, and tho
question under discussion was whether
under our peace treaty with 'Spain the
United States could authorize or In any
way encourage the layfng of such a cable
by private parties.
Under a franchise obtained from Spain
some time before the late war the ex
clusive right to cable connections with
the Philippines was secured by a foreign
corporation. Under the treaty of Paris
the United States obligated itself to pro
tect all property rights in the archipel
ago, and the question now at Issue Is
whether permission to land the proposed
cable at Manila or some other Philippine
port would be a violation of the terms of
the Paris treaty.
The Attorney General will prepare a
statement for the President covering all
the questions involved.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.— There were flv»
of the eight members of the Cabinet pres
ent at to-day's meeting. Attorney General
Knox, Secretaries Long-. Hitchcock and.
Wilson and Postmaster General Smith.
Cabinet Officers Talk of
tho Trans-Pacific
Line.
TREATY BLOCKS
CAB LE PROJECT
State Chairman "William* Gurley was
made permanent chairman without oppo
sition. . Resolutions were confined to State
issues. The following nominations for
Governor were made: Ex-Congressman
Thomas M. Ferrell of Glosboro, Mayor
James M. Seymour of Newark, ex-Judge
Howard Carrow of Camden, - Senator
Christian Braun of Passaic and James E.
Martins of Union.
The anti-Seymour people made an effort
to concentrate their strength on Ferrell
and succeeded to the extent of securing
480 votes for him on the first ballot, which
was only eight less than the number
given to Seymour. On the second ballot
the scattering vote went largely to Sey
mour and accomplished his nomination.
The first ballot stood: Seymour, 488; Fer
rell, 480; Braun, 51; Carrow. 68; Martln3,
22; necessary to choice, 574. On the second
ballot Seymour gained fifty-six- votes,
most of which came through his getting
the vote of Morris and Warren counties.
Ferrell lost only eleven votes, but Sey
mour was within thirty votes of nomina
tion, and then began a general stampede.
When the vote was finally announced it
stood 779 for Seymour, with the remaining
votes for Ferrel!.
TRENTON, N. J. f Oct. 1.— Mayor Sey
mour of Newark was nominated on the
second ballot to-day aa the Democratic
candidate for Governor in a convention
that at times was turbulent in the ex
treme. State Chairman William Gurley
was permanent chairman. The first voting
Bhowed that the Seymour and anti-Sey
mour forces were almost evenly divided,
and had tho anti-Seymour leaders been
able to concentrate their vote on a single
candidate they might .have won. How
ever, there was a strong undercurrent
among the delegates for Seymour.
The nomination of "Mayor Seymour was
a defeat for former United States Senator
Smith and his forces and was. a victory
for E. F. C. Young, Robert Davis of Hud
son County and Colonel E. I* Price of
Essex County. \u25a0 4 -
Ex-Judge Robert 'Woodruff of Mercer,
temporary chairman of the convention,
made feeling reference to the late Presi
dent McKinley, and when he finished
speaking the band played "Nearer, My
God, to Thee." The vast assemblage rose
and sang the words of the hymn.
The first tumult of the convention broke
out when both of tho chairmen of con
testing delegations from Essex County
tried to name the county's representatives
on the several committees. After the con
vention/ had been in an uproar for some
time and the lle^had been freely passed
Chairman Woodruff permitted E. W.
tjrane, the Democratic candidate of three
years ago for Governor and an anti-Sey
mourites, to name the Essex representa
tives on the committee on credentials and
order of business.
Mayor Seymour of Newark
Nominated for the
Governorship.
Lively Scenes in the New
Jersey Democratic
Convention.
PARTY LEADERS
PASS THE LIE
SOME OP THE MEN "WHO WILL BE "WITNESSES IN THE NAVAL
COURT NOW IN SESSION AT WASHINGTON HEARING THE EVI
DENCE IN THE SCHLEY CASE.
Hew Comptroller Begins "Work.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.— "William B.
Rldgrley of Illinois, who was appointed
recently Comptroller of the Currency to
succeed Charles C. Dawes, resigned, took
the prescribed oath to-day nnd entered
on the duties of his office. Mr. Dawcs
resigned to enter the campaign in Illinois
for United States Senator and will leave
for that State to-morrow.
rOHEIGIT TROUT MEN
MAY UNITE FOR BATTL2
Rumors in Europe That the American
Steel Trust "Will Have Strong
Opposition.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1.— Says the Tribune's
London correspondent: Rumor comes
from Cardiff that the near future will
witness a huge amalgamation of British
and Spanish iron and steel interests in
order to do battle against the encroach
ment of the American steel trust in the
European market. Inquiries made in Lon
don have, however, failed to substantiate
the existence of such a project.
First lieutenant artillery corps, Ellison X,.
Gllmer; 6econd lieutenants artillery corps
\u25a0Walter V. Coichett. Elisha G. Abbot, Morris
E. Locke, Marion P. "Wlihoit.
State— United States Consul et Saltillo. M*x.
Arthur H. 'Williams. New Hampshire.
tSmxy^i Assistant surpeon. rank of lieutenant.
junior pra<Je. Lewis Wilson Bishop. Archibald
M. II. Fauntleroy.
Rank.
\u25a0WASHINGTON. Oct. 1.— The President
to-day made the following appointments:
TVar— Colonel of cavalry, Louis H. Rucker:
lieutenant colonel of cavalry, George S. An
derson; major of cavalry, John C. Greeham;
captain of cavalry, Cly-ie E. Hawkins; fir&i
lieutenants of cavalry. William K. H. Godson.
Oeorge Steinberg; second lieutenants of cav
alry. Talbot Smith, James E. Abbott.
Colonel of infantry. Charles n. Paul; lieu
tenant colonel of infar.tr>-. Harry L,. Haskell;
first lieut^nantE of infantry. A. Larue Christie.
W. K. Pomt, Walter O. Bowman; second lieu
te:isr.ts of Infantry, Melville H. Keccheimer,
Robert Iv. Spllier. Horace F. Sykes, Jennings
B. Wilson, Frederick K. Kellogg. John C
ilurphy. Rowland S. Pike. William P. Screws.
Surgeons of volunteers, rank of major, John
C. Greenewalt; assistant surgeon of volunteers
rank cf captain, Edwin M. Trook; assistant
surgeon, rank of first r.eutenant. Herbert
Maloy Smith, Cosam Julian Bartlett. Evan
Barkhowell.
PKESITJZJJT
ABMY APPOINTMENTS
jililitary I£en in Several Branches of
the Service Are Advanced in
"The President feels that it would not
do to permit the Insurgents to long enjoy
the prestige of their success, though it
was achieved by treachery." said a high
official to-day. "He believes that the in
terest of the Philippines and of the
United States demand that there shall be
a prompt suppression of the rebellion.
"We had hoped to reduce the force in the
archipelagro next sprinp. but Mr. Roose
veit had no intention of withdrawing the
troops should the situation require mili
tary attention. Rather he will increase
the army in the far East should it be
shown that reinforcement* are needed."
President Roosevelt, In the meantime. Is
{retting: other information respecting the
coalition of that island, which will enable^
him to frame proper instructions to Gen-*
eral Chaffee.
Lucban, who Is in command of the in
surgents in Samar, only had a force of 200
tlitonm and 400 bolomen, according to re
ports made by an 'American enlisted man
whom he caytured, but this force has
been undoubtedly increased by disaffected
natives and it Is believed that the insur
gent leader now has 25tXi men under his
command. Samar will be a most difficult
island to pacify. Army officers report
that the interior is a jungle, through
which trails lead, and these must be fol
lowed in pursuit of the rebels.
The instructions that President Roose
velt •will sand General Chaffee will neces
sarily be general in character, but they
will be explicit as showing his desire that
the disaster must be followed by swift
retribution.
J*he message of vesterday, to which
General Chafiee refers in his dispatch, is
that sent by Adjutant General Corbin. di
recting- him to rsjiU-.c a full investigation
a_ud report the facts as to the situation in
Samar.
CALL BUREAU. 140G G STREET, N.
"W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.— Treachery
•was responsible for the disaster sustained
bj- the American troops in the island of
Sajnar. This explanation of the reverse
was lecelved by the War Department to-
Gay from Major General Chaffer in the
loliDtving message:
MANILA. Oct. L. 12:23 p. m.— Adjutant Gen
eral. \Y££hi:igiun: With reference to your tel
egra:a ct the Svth ultimo, will cable n^ies of
the missing men as soon as ascertained. The
company was rushed about 6 o'clock in ths
morning by a large bixiy of bolcmen. about
400. General Hughes thinks the surprise was
cue to the confidence of the commanding offi
cer in assertions of friendship from the natives.
liesult of the investigation will be cabled as
soon as obtained. CHAFFEE.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
President Will Take Vigorous
Measures Against
Filiuinos.
General Chaffee Reports
on the Disaster in
Samar.
The latter replied that he could only say
the ship was going as fast as they could make
her go. He thought she must have been going
nine and a half knots an hour. In this con
nection Mr. Raynor asked a number of ques
tions intended to show that the admiral's of
ficial reports and his present statements as
to speed were not consistent.
Mr. Radnor's point was that the official re
port showed, according to measurements, that
the Iowa had made eight miles In half an hour,
but the admiral said that while this tnlpht
be true, according to the land measurements,
it must be borne in mind that he was running
a course at sea. . Admiral Evans was also que»
tlonpd an to his statements concerning the dls
tince the blockading vessels were out at night.
He said yesterday that the vessels of \u25a0 the
blockading pouadron were farther out at night
than during the day. and Mr. Raynor read a'
previous statement from him to the effect that
"at daylight we closed In."
Mr. Raynor th.en questioned the witness as to
the F^eed the Iowa was making when | the
Onuendo nnd the Maria Teresa went ashore.
"1 do not remember being on board the
Brooklyn on the 4th ot July. I think it
was the Bill at Ouantananio. 1 am Quite pos
itive I was on board the Brooklyn off
tar.Uat'0 but once, and that was a long time
betcre that. As to the conversation, 1 never
said to the effect that Captaiu Philip had run
sAv.-uy. or attempted to run away. On think
ing over waat u»d occur with reierence to the
T«:xas, I think Commodore Schley and I dis
cussed tha position oi the Texas when the
tight began. The Texas was lying with her
litauj to th« east and when the engagement
began the had turned with starboard helm
and heaaed ort" in the same direction as the
rest of us., She flrea first with her port bat
tery and tntn put her helm to starboard and
headed in the same direction with the rest
of the ships. I think that is the question I
discussed with Commodore Schley. I cannot
ue sure of it. but that I over intimated that
Captain Philip attempted to run away witn
the Texas is preposterous on the face of It."
"Did you have a conversation with him on
the samo day at the same place and at the
same hour, or at any other place, in which
you used substantially the following language:
"I shot the bow off the Pluton. the stern off
the Furor, put my helm to starboard and raked
th"e Teresa and knocked out the Vlscaya?' "
"To the best of my knowledge and belief I
never used such language."
••Were not the commanding officers called on
board the flagship Brooklyn by signal on tho
morning of May £9. after the Colon was dis
covered?"
"They were."
"Can you tell me or do you recollect what
took place at the conference of the command
ing olficers at that time?"
"Commodore Schley was In the cabin of the
Brooklyn when we assembled, and there was a
general talk about the Spanish fleet having
been located at last at Santiago. X do not
recollect any special conference. I don't think
it was in the nature of a conference. I do not
recollect now that the officers wero^asked to
express any opinion. . I remember having a
conversation with Commodore Schley about the
effect of the fighting batteries on the ship?,
in which I told him of the experience we had
had at San Juan and expressed the opinion to
him that It wat not worth while to risk ships
fighting shore batteries alone: that I did % not
think anything would be gained by it. * In
the case under consideration the Spanish ships
were present in the harbor. The conditions
were changed, and we would have to take the
risk of the fire from the batteries in order to
get at them. I remember Commodore- Schley
remarking before we left that he felt that tho
country held him responsible: that the ships
should not be risked under the fire of the
shore batteries until the Spanish fleet was de
stroyed."
"I want to call your attention to the report
of Captain McCalla of the Marblehead. on page
426 of the appendix, which says: 'Commodore
Schley explained to the commanding officers
that in case the Spanish ships came out he
wished to concentrate the batteries of all our
ships on a portion of those of tho enemy. This
was not explained as a tactical concentration
of our whole force on a part of the enemy,
but as a division of our whole flre on several
of the enemy's ships. During: the time the
commanding officers were on board the flag
ship Captain Evans asked Commodore Schley
if it were his Intention to steam at the ene
my's ships in case they should start to come
out. Commodore Schley answered: 'Certain
ly,' and added words indicative of his Intention
to attack them as they came out of the har
bor.' "
"I recollect It perfectly."
"Is that correct?"
"That is correct"
"So there was a plan of battle arranged
by Commodore Schley. waa there hot?"
"There Is nothing there to Indicate It from
what you have read."
"Was not the same order that was afterward
plven by the commander in chief substantially:
'Close In toward harbor entrance and attack
them?"
"You have not read anything about Indi
cating any plan of battle."
Mr. Raynor— And added the words (reading)
"Indicative of his Intention to attack them as
th»>y came out."
"I want to read you l»ro reports — your re
port of the engagement of the Spanish squad
ron, and I would like you to tell me whether
there Is any conflict between them, nnd if
there is which one of these statements in your
Judgment now Is correct. (Reading) — 'After we
passed, at 10:35. the Oquendo and Maria Teresa,
on fire and ashore, this vessel continued to
chase and fire upon {he Vlscava until 10:3ft.
when signal to cease firing was sounded on
board. It having been discovered that the Vib
caya had struck her colors.' That was at 10:36,
in your report- Now. "I want to read from the
report of the commander-ln-chief. (Reading)—
'The Viscaya was still under the flre of the
leading vessels, the Cristobal Colon had drawn
ahead, leading the chase, and soon passed be
ynnd the ranee of the guns of the leading
American ships. The Vlscaya was soon set
on flre and at 11:15 she turned ln-shore and
was beached at Azerraderos, fifteen miles from
Santiago, burning fiercely, etc.. etc' "
"I have no doubt yon read It correctly."
"Which is correct ? If there is a conflict' be
tween the commander-in-chlef at the time the
Vlscaya went ashore and your report, yours
at 10:36 and his at 11:15. J it becomes a material
point to us which one of these specifications is
correct."
"The time given In that report of mine wa*
furnishM by the navigator and executive offi
cer of the ship. I, of course, did not take the
time."
" "Did you know that Jack Philip started
to run away at the beginning oi the battleY'
and to which Commodore ijchiey replied: 'You
are mistaken about that, Evans; I saw noth
ing of tht kino. The lirooklyn made a turn
iiiitj you iii ut t b^fi tl*i«2 t*ttj tlc«xl irituiition t liiit
made it nt-cessary.' "
We tnen asked: "uitl you have a conver
sation with Commodore sichley on July 4,
tome time during the morniiig. between s and
12 o'clock, on his uagship at Santiago in the
course ot wliicii you used language as fol
lows:
••yesterday."' said Mr. Raynor, "I waa
speaking ui a conversation which I thought
you haa at Guantanamo on July a. 1 rind I
have made a mistake about that, and. if
necessary lor me to repeat ray question, I
fcuppo£« you will answer in the same way."
Admiral Evans was recalled. Mr. Raynor
betjaii l.is interrogations by asking «*he wli
nesa concerning tne secret code of fctguaU for
lonLniumcaucn with the Cuban Insurgents near
Cieniuegcs. Xhe admiral said that when Cap
tain Cuadwick communicated this code to him
he did not. instruct him to give the Informa
tion to Commodore schley. Air. Kaynor then
ijuestioned the witness especially as to his
interviews with \u25a0 Commodore Sc-hiey after the
battle ot Santiago.
General sympathy was expressed on the part
of the members of the court and those In
attendance with Judge Advocate Lemly be
cause of the ueaili ot his sister, whicti oc
curred yesterday. Captain Lemiy was present
when the court convened, but Immediately
withdrew.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 1.— The proceedings of
th.' day at the Schley court began as urual
with the recall of former witnesses who had
completed their testimony, for the purpose of
making such verbal corrections in it as they
might desire.
Evans and Sigsbee Give Interesting
Details of the Campaign.
TESTIMONY OF OFFICERS.
Evans and hearing three new
witnesses, although the testimony of one
of them was not concluded when the court
adjourned for the day. Admiral Evans'
testimony was along the same general
lines as was his statement of yesterday,
but some points were presented in greater
detail in response to questions of Mr.
Kay nor.
'iiifc new -witnesses were Captain Sigs
bee, v.hc commanued the scout St. Paul
uurir.g the banuago campaign; Thomas
M. Dieuaiue, a. newspaper correspondent,
who was on the Texas during the battle
of Juiy 3, and Chief i'eoman Gustave E.
Becker, who was a clerk to Admiral
Sampson during the war.
Captain sigsoee's teeumony covered his
communications to Commodore Scniey
upon the iatter's arrival off Santiago, iMay
2o, lfcdi, and at subsequent dates, and dealt
with the state of the weather at that
period. He was asked a great number of
questions by the court.
Dieuaide described the loop of the
Brooklyn as seen irom the Texas. Becker
testified as to dispatches sent by Admiral
Sampson to Commodore Schley.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 1.— The
Schley court of inquiry made
good headway again to-day,
concluding with Admiral
CAUSE FOUND
IN TREACHERY
Rheumatism Costs Hima I«eg.
NANAIMO, B. C. Oct. 1.— After suffer
ing agonies from rheumatism in. one of
his legs for seven years, S. MacMIUan
decided on the drastic remedy of having
it cut off above the knee. This was done
at the local hospital last Thursday and it
is probable that the cure will be com
plete.. \u25a0,\u25a0•\u25a0••'. . ' •
Excursion to Buffalo.
\u25a0 The Santa Fe will sell tickets to Buffalo and
return October 3 and 4 for $S7. Free reclining
chair cars. . Pullman's latest vestibuled palace
and tourist sleeping cars. Full particulars at
Cil Market street. _
"No. 'not to my recollection,"
Captain Sigsbee was then excused and Chief
Yeoman Gustave E. Becker, who served as a
clerk, to Admiral Sampson on board the flag
ship New York during the Spanish war. was
called. He identified the memorandum from
Captain McCalla, saying there was a good
landing place near Cienfuegos. which .Admiral
Sampson sent to Commodore Schley under date
of May 19, and said that this memorandum had
been carried in duplicate by the Iowa and the
Dupont. , Mr. Raynor questioned the witness
very closely, bringing out the> fact that Becker
had no records to show that either of these ves
sels had carried the memorandum, and that he
was dependent upon his memory in making the
statement.
Mr. Hanna said In this connection that the
department expected to be able to show that
four copies of this memorandum had been for
warded to Commodore Schley. Mr.- Raynor re
sponded that he would admit only one copy,
and that was the copy delivered by the Hawk,
on May 23. 1898.
The court adjourned for the day at 4 p. m.
with Becker -still on the stand.
"I am not certain, but my recollection is
that It stated it arrived on the 19th or 21st.
I received the communication' just as I have
stated. It came from the . Secretary of the
Navy. It was signed 'Long,' but whether I
got a copy or Captain Wise got- the original
I cannot tell." \u25a0"
By the Court— Did you show this dispatch to
Commodore Schley on May 26?
"I already said I cannot recollect the act oi
showing it to him, I presume -I did, but that
I Informed him I remember."
By the Court— Did you see the dispatch' signed
Long" May 20, addressed to the St. Louis,
care the American • Consul, St. Nicholas, prior
to meeting with Commodore Schley on May 26?
"I have no recollection of anything to the
St. Louis." ' '
By the Court— Did you see tha dispatch refer
red to addressed to either the Minneapolis. St.
Paul or Harvard? - . \u25a0
• What was the state of th« sea on the af
ternoon of May 26, when you communicated
with the flying squadron to the southward
of the port of Santiago?"
"The sea was heavy for boats, but- it was
moderating— that Is to say, more moderate
than it had been on- the two days before. I
should say, however, it would have been diffi
cult to have coaled at sea that night."
"Did Captain Wise communicate to you a
dispatch from the Navy Department stating
that the Spanish squadron was at Santiago?"
"I \u25a0 remember no dirpatch or communication
from Captain Wise to that effect, excepting
that which I received from the Navy Depart
ment through the senior officer at Port Hal
tien on May 21, the dispatch on which I pro
ceeded ultimately to Santiago."
Mr. Hanna— The dispatch referred to In the
last- question read: 'Washington, May 20, 189S.—
Yale, care American Consul, Cape Hattlen:
The Spanish fleet arrived at Santiago de Cuba
May 19, and as far as your coal \u25a0 permits
proceed at once to Santiago de Cuba,
watch carefully and keep in communication
with the Spanish' fleet, reporting information.
Minneapolis, St. Paul and St. Louis have
same orders."
"I cannot remember that he did."
By the court— Did you make an effort to as
certain if the Spanish squadron was at San
tiago prior to May 20?
"Only by extreme watchfulness, that Is all."
By the Court— What information had you to
communicate to Commodore Schley on May
26 regarding the whereabouts . of the Spanish
squadron? '
"The department's order to- me directed me
to state that the Spanish squadron waa there
or had been reported there, and again the cir
cumstantial evidence afforded by the capture
of the Restormel after her very . peculiar
cruise. x
By the Court— Did you receive a dispatch
from Secretary Long dated -May 20 stating
that "the Spanish fleet arrived at Santiago on
May 19th?"
the weather at the time he' was at Santiago,
Captain Sigsbee said:
"During the 24th, 23th and 26th of May the
weather was unsettled; there was more or less
rain and moderately heavy sea on those three
days."
The court asked a number of questions of
Captain Sigsbee. These, with the replies, were
as follows: • \u25a0
matter. I think that either the court or de
lense should allow me to express under caih
what 1 really said. Whether I expressed that
belief or not it may be technically right to
interfere with me, but according to the etliics
or the naval service jl think the 'defense ought
to permit rne to. answer that- question."
"We have no objection to that," said Mr.
Raynor.- • \u25a0 • \u25a0 • \u25a0 • \u25a0 »•'» .
"I have given an answer to that question.
I have said nothing about my belief." .
Mr. Hanna — The portion or the question to
which 1 should like to have you give an ex
plicit answer is whether you assured .Com
modore schley that you believed the Spanish
ile-et was not in Santiago.
"X did not say that 'I believed it was. not
there." I said 'I had not seen it.' "
.."Did you give him any assurance which
would point In that direction?"
"I made known first my orders from the
Navy Department, which stated that the Span
ish fleet was reported to have arriyed there."
Mr. Hanna then' read a letter which Cap
tain Sigsbee had on May 26 written to Com
modore Schley reporting the taking of. the
Pilot Nunez from the Jason and the capture
of the British steamer liestorniel as a prize.
He 6ald In that letter:
"No news here. I have seen absolutely noth
ing of the Spanish fleet." He reported also
that the Restormel had 2400 tons of coal
aboard and said that the commanding officer
had said he was bound for Santiago.
Mr. Hanna alsr> read a number of letters,
among them being one from Captain Sigsbee
to Commodore Schley, written from Mole St.
Nicholas, May 29, in which he said to the
commodore:
"Do as you are doing and you will do right."
He also Informed him that there were a
number of telegrams at the Mole for him but
that none of them were urgent. He told the
commodore that the department expected '. him
to exercise great efforts to keep In coal.
Mr. Hanna — I wish to ask your attention to
the clause: "Do as you are doing and you will
do right." What was the flying squadron doing
at the time you wrote that letter? , ,-.
"That was based on the tenor of the cipher
telegrams found at the Mole from the com
mander in chief and from the Navy Depart
ment, urging 1 that the Spanish squadron be held
and that every effort be made to coal ship.
At that time the flying squadron was off San
tiago with the intention, so far as I knew, of
staying, and .1 also believed It was the in
tention of Commodore. Schley to coal his ships
off that port. I left Santiago on the morning
of the day on which that letter was written.
At that time the weather was very fine and I
had twice urged upon Admiral Schley the im
portance of taking advantage of that particu
lar kind of weather, stating It was better than
any we had had during my stay off the port."
Captain Sigsbee also said that when he. had
boarded the Brooklyn on May 26 Commodore
Schley had told him he was bound for Key
West for coal.
"Did he ask you If you believed the Spanish
fleet was in the harbor of Santiago?" .
"I don't remember him putting the question
In such terms." \u25a0 • - . •
The witness recalled a signal from the flag
ship at that time, asking him to - "inform
Sampson that one-half of his squadron Is out
of coal."
Mr. Raynor then questioned the witness
bringing out the statement that the purpose of
his ship being sent to the vicinity of Santiago
was to. If possible, locate the Spanish fleet. He
said that he had first seen the Spanish vessels
In the harbor at Santiago, but that when he
reported the fact he found that the squadron
had already made the discovery. '
Mr. Raynor read an • extract from a report
made by Captain SIpsbee, saying: ;
"In this report off Santiago de Cuba, made
at 10 a, m. May 29, you say: "We were then
steaming at full speed from. Mole St. Nicholas.
Haiti, and well In toward the coast after
chasing some vessels. I saw the smoke of a
number of vessels to the westward, and \u25a0 at
once made for the Santiago entrance/believing
It possible that the strangers were the Spanish
squadron approaching that port.' All I want
to ask Is this: When you saw the smoke after
chasing a number of vessels to the westward
and when you made for the Santiago entrance
on the morning of the 29th you thought that
this was a Spanish squadron approaching the
port?"
"No, I thought it might be the. Spanish
squadron. I did not say they were approaching
the port." jj->-v
"Yes, you say 'approaching the port:'" .'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
"You must remember I had no definite In
formation whatever." ...- ..
"Did you. ever megaphone the press boat
Summers H. Smith that the Spanish fleet was
not in the harbor at Santiago?" ' • •
• "Never. - One of the press boats hailed me.
saying that Schley had the Spaniards bottled
up at Cienfuegos. I replied that we had had
them bottled up at Santiago for a week." "•
Mr. Raynor attempted to quote a statement
from Admiral Sampson to the effect that Cap
tain Sigsbee had said on May 29 that the' fly
ing squadron was blockading Santiago twenty
five miles out at sea, but objection waa made
to bringing Admiral Sampson in and. Mr/ Ray-:
nor asked . Captain Sigsbee whether, he . had
made that report to any one on that date.' .The
witness replied In the negative. ;* . \u25a0 - -• •
In reply to a question aa to the condition of
This, the admiral said, was the exact fact,
that after being- out farther at night, the ves
sels came In closer at daylight. He said that
in steaming back and forth at night the ves
sel Juet ahead could be seen, but not the ves
sel at the head of the column. The Marble
head farther In could be occasionally seen, but
the Vixen never.
"AVhlle before Cienfuceos or on the way to
Santiago, did you have any orders for battle?"
asked Mr. Hanna.
'•No," responded the witness. "We steamed
in column with Hankers on each sida." "
•'Had you any Instructions as to what to do
In case the enemy should appear?" "
"We had not."
STORY OF A CORRESPONDENT.
Newspaper Man Who Was on the
Texas Describes the Loop.
Admiral Evans was then excused and Mr.
Thomas M. Dieualde, a newspaper correspond
ent, who was on board the Texao during \.hs
Santiago campaign, was called.
Mr. Dieualde 6ald that when the battle oft
Santiago bejtan he had been in the room of
the Junior officers of the ship and had Imme
i dlately zone on the bridge with Captain
I'hllip, remaining until the captain had gone
to the lower bridge with him. There he had
remained until the chase of the Colon began.
He had at the time made notes of the battle
and these he read. The Texas was then, he
said, heading in the general direction of the
Spanish fleet.
Mr. Hanna— Did you see the Brooklyn at
any time after the battle began?
"I saw the Brooklyn about ten or fifteen
minutes after the battle began." . '
"Wan that the first time you saw her during:
the action?"
"I saw her before In the morning."
"Where was she when you first saw her
with respect to the Texas?"
"Off the port bow of the Texas."
"How far away?"
"I would not like to make an estimate of the
distance. It seemed very close. She was so
le:; seaward." •
•,'Was she headed toward the Texas?" -.\
"She was on a course about right angles to
us at that moment."
"Have you any notes on that subject made
at the time?"
"Yes, sir."
"Please read them." &.
"I have a note at 9:50 in quotation marks,
'Stop both engines, helm hard starboard.' "
"Who save that order?"
"Captain Phill?."
"Where was the Brooklyn when that order
was siven?"
"I presume the Brooklyn was In front of the
Texas. I saw her a moment later."
Mr. Hanna — Did you make any entries at
the time with respect to the passing of the
Brooklyn before the Texas?
"Yes; the next line here (reading), 'It was
Brooklyn — close shave.' "
"Could she have been half a mile away?"
"I should think not; not anything like It.
I would not suppose it was a quarter of a mile
when I saw her. I was standing Just aft of.
the connincr tower, by the entrance. In that
way I heard these orders given and I
wrote them down as Captain Philip gave
them. I went around to the lee side of the
conning tower to find out why we stopped. He
(Philip) waved his hand toward the Brooklyn
and I saw her. He said: 'Look at that fellow
going out to sea.' "
Admiral Dewey — Did you hear Captain
Philip give orders to back the engines?
"No, sir. I do not remember If I did. I
turned away almost immediately,"
Admiral Dewey — You would have If he had
given the order, wouldn't you?
"I might and rnlclit not."
Admiral Dewey— You seem to have heard
everythlns else.
"Oh, not everything."
Mr. Dieuaide said in response to questions
that he had on the day of the battle written
a report of the battle, but that these facts had
not been riven because Captain Philip had
asked him to "make It nice for everybody,"
and this had been his own Inclination. He
was then excused for the day and asked to
bring his newspaper report of the engagement
Into court to-morrow.
CAPTAIN SIGSBEE EXPLAINS.
Officer Who Commanded the Maine
Takes the Witness Stand.
Captain Charles G. Slgabee. who commanded
the scout ship St. Paul during the Spanish
war, was next called. He said that in obedi
ence to orders from Captain Wise, wlio was
his commanding officer, he had proceeded to
the vicinity of Santiago, arriving there on
the 21st. He told of taking aboard the Cuban
pilot, Nunez, and said that he did not have
great confidence in that individual. His In
structions were to report to Commodore Schley
that the Spanish squadron probably was In
Santiago harbor. He fell in with the flying
squadron on the evening of May 26, the squad
ron then being twenty or twenty-five miles
south of Santiago. He had reported to Com
modore Schley that he "knew nothing posi
tively" about the Spanish fleet. He was then
asked if he had expressed his belief to Com
modore Schley that Cervera's fleet wan not in
the harbor as reported later by Commodore
Schley. A \u25a0 controversy arose over the admis
sibility of the question and the court took
a recess for luncheon before receiving the
reply of the witness.
When the Schley court reconvened after
luncheon Captain Sigsbee resumed his testi
mony. Mr. Hanna repeated his question,
asked before recess, quoting Admiral Schley's
repcrt of .July 18, 1898, the sentence reading:.
"After having been assured by Sigsbee that
he did not i' believe the Spanish fleet was in
Santiago." The witness replied:
"I stated that we had seen nothing of the
Sp-nish fleet. I may have stated that I knew
nothing positively or absolutely about its
movements, but I recited certain events to
show that there was a probability 4 of the
fleet being in Santiago at that time. In re
gard to the other matter, I beg to make an
appeal to the court. This case is one involv
ing reputations. It . has been ' stated by Com
modore • Schley In aa - official letter to the
United States Senate that i expressed a'cer
tain belief. Now It haa been an Important
THE ; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,^OCTOBER 2, 1901.
• . .• \u25a0 ...
Admiral Evans of the Iowa and Captain Sigsbee, Who Commanded the Maine* Testify at
the Schley Court of Inquiry as to the Maneuvering of Warships*
SOME NOTED NAVAL COMMANDERS DESCRIBE
THE SEA BATTLE OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA
3
DR. . KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
Women as Well as Men
Are Made Miserable by
'Kidney Trouble.
Kidney trouble preys upon the mind, dis-
courages and lessens ambition; beauty, vigor
,-^ig.., and cheerfulness soon
tfB Jr% disappear when the kid-
J jfrrrfa^^sd& neys are out of order
""ITOlv^^^s Kidney trouble has
-" HftH -~' so prevalent
rli V^S^Al^w/ ior a chiId to te born
/V RVSMn^^? afflicted with weak kid-
U || %>fea)F- ne y s - If the child urin ~
Hiiir- : ™ - «^ BSW ates too often, if tho
urine scalds the flesh or if, when the child
reaches an age when it should be able to
control the passage, it is yet afflicted with
bed-wetting, depend upon it. the cause of
the difficulty is kidney trouble, and the first
step should be towards the treatment of
these important organs. This unpleasant
trouble is due to a diseased condition of tho
kidneys and bladder and not to a habit as
most people suppose. »
Women as well as men are made mis-
erable with kidney and bladder trouble^
and both need the same great remedy.
The mild and the immediate effect of
Swamp-Root is soon realized. It is sold
by druggists, in fifty- • ffTj^l,
cent and one dollar gJ|ps3?5^i^;::i'~U
sizes. You may have a K%>^?«'H Sif&rH^gjd
sample bottle by mail * sag 5S££aSi|tog|£E>
free, also pamphlet tell- Hom« of swamp-Root,
ing all about it, including many- of tho
thousands of testimonial letters received
from sufferers cured. In writing Dr. Kilmer
& Co.. Binghamton, N. Y.. be sure and
mention this paoer.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
s
Sick headache, nervous head-
ache, tired headache, neuralgic
headache, catarrhal headache,
headache from excitement, in
fact, headaches of all kinds are
quickly and surely cured with
DR. MILKS*
Pain Pills.
Also all pains such as backache,
j neuralgia, sciatica, rheumatic
I pains, monthly pains, etc.
, "Dr. Miles' Pain Pills are worth their
weight in gold," says Mr. \V. D. Krea-
mer, of Arkansas City, Kan. **Tbey
cured my wife of chronic headache
when nothing else would."
"Dr. Miles" Pain Pills drive away
pain as if by magic I am never with-
out a supply, and think everyone
. should keep them handy. One gr^two
I pills taken on approach of headache
r will prevent it every time."
Mrs. Judge Johnson, Chicago,' IIL
Through their use thousands of
people have been enabled to at-
tend social and religious func-
tions, travel, enjoy amusements,
etc., with comfort. Asaprevent-
ative, when taken on the ap-
proach of a recurring attack,
they are excellent.
Sold by all Druggists.
25 Doses, 25 cents.
Dr. Miles Medical Co:, Elkhart, Ind.
We have a way distinctly our own— "we are
different from other tailors. We are not referring
now to the fact that we save you more
money than any other tailors, but to the unusual
fact of letting the customer examine the suit in
his own home, try it on, look it over, criticize it
thoroughly, ask for the criticism of others, and in
the end if he is displeased with the suit he can
v bring it back and have his money and he is not
out a nickel. Just think of i: — ihe suit has been
I cut and made up from your measurements —
I made especially for you — vet we take i: back if
you are not sati-fied. Isn't this unusual? Isn't
I it extraordinary ?
You run no risk in buying clothes from us.
1 You are fully protected in every sense of the -
word. ; Should you decide to keep the suit we .
will keep it good repair free for a year after
purchase.
: We would like to show you our samples — • .
they will serve to help you in picking out a
desirable patternand they will also impress you
with the value to be found in the suit by reason
of the good materialised. ;•
Come in— we will give you all the samples
you wish., < V-^ljL
Suits for out'Of'fown customers satisfactorily made through
our self-measuring system. Write for samples.,
' 718 Market Street and
Cor. Powell and Eddy Streets.Berkeley Eleven to Play Stockton.
bags as follows: Al Chickering 18, Frank
Ballard 14, George Goodfellow 12. %
The Stewart ponds provided the best
sport yesterday, but there should be fine
shooting everywhere, when favorable
weather obtains.'
The Southern Pacific Company has
changed the time echedule -on the Val
lejj.route for. the benefit of sportsmen.
The evening train waits at Suisun for the
arrival of the Sacramento local, which
leaves this city at 4 o'clock. Shooters on
Cordelia tules find this- convenient. -
Hereafter the Judges will not have the
power to suspend nor rule off. They will
report all cases to the board of stewards
who will act thereon. The board of stew
ards will bo composed of C. H. PettinsM
Thomas H. Williams Jr., Colonel D. M.
Burns, Charles F. Price and F. E. Mul
holland. .
All jockeys and trainers will be , re
quired to make application for license
from the New California Jockey Club.
This- condition is enforced by all other
turf bodies in America and other coun
tries. Jockeys and trainers will not be
permitted to pursue their respective vo
cations on 'the California tracks until
such license Is granted.
It was determined to insert the claim
ing clause in half the selling purses and
to eliminate it from the others, thus giv
ing horsemen an opportunity to exercise
their choice in such races.
The directors of the New California
Jockey Club met yesterday and decided
to open the forthcoming season at Oak
land on November 2. It was the original
Intention to I commence proceedings at
Tanforan. The change Is made to ac
commodate .the large number of horses
now quartered here and en route from
the East, as the track across the bay has
greater facilities in the matter of stab-
Iing and other details than has Tanforan.
Ihe racing will continue about thirtv
days, when the scene of operations wiil
be shifted to Tanforan. >
The open season for ducks and email
was ushered in auspiciously yesterday
by a great throng of sportsmen although
the results were not up to expectations.
Throughout the length of the marsh line
from above Suisun on the north to Al
viso on the south the glistening barrels
of shotguns reflected the too aruent rays
of the sun.
The sport was fairly good on the Al
viso marsh, every one getting some birds.
Few secured the limit bag of fifty birds,
although George Pierce v/as among the
successful ones. Fred King brought home
forty-six. The bags were maue up of
teal, curlew, rail, snipe, sprig and spoon
bills. A number | of sportsmen returned
with well-lilled game bags last night and
reported that many more- remained over
%o try the sport this morning.
• Up at Suisun marshes the season was
opened early in the morning with rather
poor sport. Few good bags were made
although plenty of ammunition was used.
The weather was sultry, with no wind
j blowing, so the few ducks Hying went
too high for good shooting. The best
score of the . aay was made by Walter
Cooper, a sixteen-year-old lad, on Stew
art ponds. He bagged forty-nine ducks.
The next largest scores were H. Perkins
forty. A. Anderson thirty-seven and J.
C. Murphy twenty-five, all of the Suisun
Gun Club. The members of the club
killed a total of 200 ducks. Judge W R
Wells of Contra Cotta County, a guest'
bagged fourteen. : '
Frank Maskey, E. F. Preston, L. D
Owens, H. Rose and W. Hubert were '
not up early enough and missed the
cream of the shooting. The combined
bag was thirty-eight birds. They have
the shooting privilege of the famous
Prlngle ponds, which affords the best
canvasback shooting .to be had any
where.
Herman Oelrichs returned last evening
with few birds. J
Colonel H. I. Kowalsky and Samuel
Hughes shot over ponds owned by J. N
Kowalsky, east, of Suisun. They bagged
fourteen ducks and eighteen snipe.
H. Herzer and C. A. Morrlll of this city
bagged forty-five ducks on the Morrill
preserve. - - \u25a0 .
J. A. Wilson and J. W. Harper of Sui
sun spent three days on Grizzly Island
and returned with only twenty-two birds.
Members of the Suisun Gun Club made
Change Prom Tanforan
Is Made to Accommo
date Horsemen.
The Weather Proves Too
Warm for Good Re
sults on Marshes.
NEWMARKET. England. Oct. L—
The stewards of the Jockoy
Club to-day voted to withdraw
the license of Lester Relff, the
American, jockey, and warn him
off Newmarket Heath. This latter pen
alty Is generally only imposed upon
\u25a0welchers.
The action of the Jockey Club follo-wci
a hearing of testimony on the accusation
against Relff of suspicious riding of
William C. Whitney's De Lacey Friday
last, -when that horse -was second to
Richard Croker's Minnie Dee, ridden by
J. Reiff, in the race ( for the New Barnes
pi ate.
Hugglns. Mr. Whitney's trainer. toUl
the stewards that he had not seen any
thing wrong, and that, after having
trained the horse, he had watched him
closely throughout the race, especially at
the finish. WIshard, Mr. Croker's trainer,
gave similar testimony. • .
Some of the English Jockeys and others
gave it as their belief that Reiff pulled
the horse.
Following the announcement that Mr.
Whitney will withdraw from the Eng
lish turf, it is said here to-day that Mr.
Croker will lea\ - e English racing • alone
after the present season. Wisbard, how
ever, says he has not received any In
structions on the subject.
It is understood that Corrigan's license
will not be removed next year, and un
;der the rule recently adopted no more
trainers will be licensed. . , . • •
LONDON, Oct. 1.— The Reiff incident
divided interest with the yacht race and
•n-as discussed -with- interest at the sport-
Ing clubs. It ia Just a year since the
MANY SPORTSMEN
BUT FEW DUCKS
letter of Lord Durham accusing Reiff ap
peared in the London papers. Reiff then
surprised the public by refraining from
bringing an action ag-ainst Lord Durham
for libel, but the Jockey Club completely
exonerated him. The general opinion last
night was that Lord Durham and the
other stewards of the Jockey Club, piqued
at the failure of the attack, had been
watching, for an opportunity to make a
case against Reiff and that, having suc
ceeded, they have forced the hand of
the Jockey Club as strongly as possible
against him.
RACING TO OPEN
AT EMERYVILLE
NEWMARKET. En*.,' Oct.' 1.— Five of the
events on" to-day's racing card were won by
horses on which American jockeys had the
mounts. Dakota III (O. Jenkins) won a maid
en two-year-old -.race, distance six furlongs.
Semper' Vicilans, ridden by Charley Thorpe,
won the Triennial Produce stakes, distance one
mile and seven furlongs and two hundred and
three yards.
Edmee (Maher) won the Visitors' plate, dis
tance five furlongs.
Armeath (J. H. Martin) won an all-age sell
ing race, distance six furlones. \
Lute iThorpe) won the First Nursery handi
cap, distance five furlongs. \u25a0.
THE AMERICAN JOCKEY WHO HEADS THE LIST OF WINNING RIDERS AND THE ONLY AMERICAN WHO
EVER RODE A DERBY WINNER HAS HAD HIS LICENSE REVOKED BY THE STEWARDS OF THE ENG
LISH JOCKEY CLUB. . \u25a0 . ' •
The laat days of sale for low rate Excursion
Ticket! to -the' Pan-American -Exposition at
Buffalo will be October 3 and 4. Only |S7, for
the round trip. The California Limited leaves
at'9 a: m., October 3. Secure your reservations
early at the of flea of the Santa Fe, 641 Market
\u25a0treef
A Reminder.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 1.— The
freshmen 'football team defeated the elev
en from Santa Clara College by the score
of 16 to 0 on the campus this afternoon.
The first half was like a procession for
the freshmen; they marched down the
field, driving the Santa Clara boys be
fore them for three touchdowns, all the
scoring- being' done In the first half. In
the second half the college team took a
brace and the game became more even.
Paul Tarpey, Sefton and Bartell did most
of the ground gaining for. the freshmen.
Kehrlein at full also played a good game,
making two of the three touchdowns.
Tarpey kicked one goal out of the three
chances. The Hne-UD:
Freshmen." Position*. Santa Clara.
Sefton ..-...'.. .L— End— R lvancovich
Stillman.'..". .L—Tackle— R ...Lawler
Van Cycle... Lr-Guard— R — .....Cosgrieff
Nissen Center Chlckagala
Crot tiers .. . R— Guard— Li . . .-. .-. Kinch
D. Tarpey; ...... . -R— Tackle— L Plank
\Vilbur,...'..........R— End— Li .........;... .Keefe
Haver .^.Quarter Regan
P. Tarpey :*..Lr— Half— R Feeney
Bartell R— Half— I*. Bounda
Kehfleih. :.. -.'...... Full Magee
Umpire, Horan; referee, Nihill; linesmen—
Bar.sbach and Laumeister.'-' . :
Stanford Freshmen Win.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 1.— Philadelphia took an
other double-header to-day. Swormsted pitched
good ball, but was miserably supported in ths
eecond game. Attendance. 600. Score:
First gime-. . R. H. E.
Cincinnati 0 5 3
Philadelphia 4 9 0
Batteries— Stlmmel and Bergen; Duggleby and
Douglass.
- Second grame — R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 8 7
Philadelphia 6 8 1
Batteries— Swormsted and Harley; Townsend
and McFarland. ..Umpires— Brown and Nash.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 1. — Phillippl had good con
trol and received excellent support and the
game was a walkover for the home team. At
tendance. 1500. Score:-
Plttsburg • 9 12 1
Boston 0 * 2
Batteries— Phillippl and Zimmer; Dineen and
Moran. Umpire— Emslie.
.. WORCESTER, MaFSV, Oct. 1.— To-day's ex
hibition between the Chicago American l<eague
team and the All-Americans resulted' in a
loosely played contest and a victory for Chi
cago. The score:
Chicago '.. 11
All-Americans 7
Phillies Win a Double-Header.
proving her form, her work In yesterday's
light airs giving great satisfaction.
"It looks as if she were only begrinninj
to show her best form," says the Daily
Graphic.- "If that Is so the abortive races
may prove in the end to have been step
ping stones to victory."
It is generally conceded that Sir Thomas
Lipton's chances of lifting: the cup loolc
brighter. Mr. Hamilton, editor of th«
Yachtsman, has declared in an interview
that he thinks the chances of the chal
lenger winning: the cup are "remarkably
good, providing she gets only ordinary
luck, although with a strong wind aft the
Columbia is a marvelously fast vessel."
He expressed the opinion that the Sham
rock II would be seen at her best when
the wind was just strong- enough for her
to carry her jackyard topsail on the wind,
but not her jib topsail. "Under such con
ditions," said Mr. Hamilton, "I believe
she would beat the Columbia over any
course."
Disappointment in London.
LONDON, Oct. 1.— The crowds on the
Thames banks and elsewhere who were
waiting for the announcement of the
yacht race last night were much smaller
than the crowds of Saturday, owing to
the rain and the great disappointment
following the first trial.
GBEAT PBICES PBEVAIL
FOR DALY'S HORSES
fifteen minutes after the start, the Co
lumbia following immediately. Once again
the American boat showed her superior
smartness In stays, coming" about much
quicker than her rival and gathering way
as soon as her head sheets were trimmed
down. At 11:30 both yachts were pretty
nearly becalmed, the Columbia having a
lead of about a quarter of a mile. At
11:30 the Shamrock went on the starboard
tack, the Columbia following, and then a
lucky streak filled the Shamrock's sall3
and gave her an appreciable lift. At noon
both yachts were on the port tack, almost
becalmed. The club topsails and jib top
sails were the only sails that puffed out
responsive to the stray streaks of air.
The big mainsails napped as the yachts
rose and fell in the long easterly roll and
the luff of the headaails Quivered. .The
result was that- the yachts barely had
steerage way.
The Unexpected Happens.
Then the unexpected happened. Wafted
along at a fine clip by a stray puff, the
Shamrock overhauled the Columbia and
at 1:15 she was so close that Captain Barr
bore down on her in order to kill her
wind, as he had so often killed the wind
of the Constitution. The Shamrock went
on the port tack, immediately followed by
the Columbia, and in another minute the
The wind now became more south
erly. Both yachts set reaching
jib 'topsails and eased off sheets,
steering a direct . course for the
mark. Then the Shamrock forged ahead
and got into the doldrums, while the Co
lumbia got a slant of wind and at 1:85
passed the Shamrock. Then It was the
Shamrock's turn to get the benefit of a
breeze and she came along and planted
herself on the Columbia's weather quar
ter, crawling up on her until at 2:08 they
were neck and neck, with the British boat
to the windward, blanketing her op
ponent. To escape from this blanket Cap
tain Barr sent the Columbia on the port
tack at 2:32, but luck was against her and
she lost every breath of the fickle wind,
as well as steerage way, and it was near
ly two minutes before she got away and
filled away on the starboard tack again
and by that time the Shamrock was too
far ahead to be overtaken. The first
mark was then close at hand and the
yachts tacked around it as follows:
Shamrock .'... 2:41:36
Columbia 2:44:44
The Shamrock had beaten the defender
three minutes and twenty seconds In the
first ten miles, and try as the Columbia
would, she was unable to lessen the wide
g-ap that \u25a0 seoarated her from her an
tagonist She held her luff, hunting for
wind, but, falling to find It. dropped slow
ly astern until the pun from the commit
tee boat* brought the contest to an end.
with nearly half a mile of blue water be
tween her and the golden boat of Upton.
Forty-One Head Sell for More Than
Two Hundred Thousand Dollars
at Sheepshead Bay.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1.— The final sale of
thf* late Marcus r>aly's breeding estab
lishment was held to-day at Sheepshead
Bay. The richly bred mares from his
stud In England were in great demand
and the prices were high, forty-one head
selling for $205,100, an average of 15002 per
head.
James P.. Keone paid S1S.50O for Field
Azure, a famous English brood mare, and
111,000 for Lady Reel, the dam of Ham
burg. J. E. Madden paid $17,000 for Po
cahontas, and August Belmont $17,000 for
Lucy Cross, another famous English
mare. The other two-year-olds also
brought big prices, W. C. Whitney taking
a brown filly by St. Simon-Lady Reel at
$16,000, and J. B. Haggin paying $13,500 for
a. chestnut colt by Ayrshire-IVEsclave.
August Belmont paid $25,000 for a wean
ling, sister of Hamburg. The details of
the sale follow:
Lady Reel, b. m., IS. by Fellowcraft-JIannia
Grey. J. R. Keene. $11,000; TVorkmat*. b. m..
14, by Bulwark-Full Co*, Captain Brown* tCgiC;
Puritan Lass. b. m., 12, by Spendthrlft-PIvoebe
Mayflower, Richard Croker. $3500; Labelle'III,
b. m., 10. by Onondaga-Aileen, J. E. Maddm.
$18,000; Lela Dell. b. m.. 9. t>y Hanover-Mem
den. J. B. Haggin, $2000; Elizabeth L* ch. m..
11. by Imp. Yvoodland-Ballett, W. C. Whitney.
$1800; Semper Clara, b. m.. by King Alfonso-
La Sulphides. J. D. Home. J2C0O; Semper Fldele,
b. m.. by Longfellow-La. Sulphides. W. c!
\u25a0Whitney. $16,200; Pocahontas. 10. by Duke- o£
Montrose-Heleva. J. E. Madden. $17,000; Imp.
Lucy Cross, b. m.. 10, by St. Slmon-Verdigre,
August Belmont. $12,000; imp. l'Esclave b m
8. by St. Serf-Pauline. J. B. Hajryin. $3700; Imp.
Argenta, b. m.. 8. by Pierce-Granite, Captain
S. B. Brown. $1500; Imp. Optlme, b. m., 5. by
Orme-Dam by Spectrum, J. R. Keene, $66CC;
Imp. Cambusinne, br. m., 12, by Hampton-
Rudstone. TV. C. Whitney. $7000; Imp. Field
Azure, b. m.. 12. by Ren d'Or-Falise. J. R.
Keene. $18,500: imp. St. Lucie. ch. m., by
Ayrshire-St. Agatha. J. B. Haggin, $1500. Two
year-Olds: Bay colt by imp. Islington-Imp.
Lucy Cross. L. O. Appleby. $6500. Yearlings:
Bay colt, by Maltin-Argenta. James Galway
$2000; bay colt, by Melton-Semper Clara J H
Haggin. $5100; bay filly, by St. Frusquin-Sem
per Fldele. August Belmont, $4000; brown filly
by St. Simon-Lady Rsel, W. C. Whitney. $18.
000; chertnut colt, by Ayrshire-l'Eaclave, j
B. Haggin. $15,500: bay colt, by Raeburnl
Flatus, F. A. Follansbee. $1600; bay colt by st
Cerf-Labelle III. T. J. Healey. $4500; chestnut
filly, by Oronon-St. Lucia, J. B. Haggin, $1730.
Weanlings: Bay colt, by Raeburn- Workmate*
Captain S. S. Brown, $1500; chestnut fllly by
Melton-Pocahonta3. S. C. Zelgler, $1400; brown
fllly, by St. Frusquin-Semper Fidele, J. r
Keene. $35C0; bay fllly. by Melton-Semper Clara"
H. Zelgler. $1500; bay colt, by Orme-Cambu
slnne. J. TV. Roberta. $2500; bay colt, by St.
Simon-Field Azure, August Belmont $'i eoo"
brown fllly. by St. Simon-Lady Reel. August
Belmont. $25,000; bay colt, by Ayrshire-Liz*i<»
D, August Belmont $1800; bay colt, by Dono
van-Labelle III. J. R. Keene. $2200; chestnut
colt, by Greyle-Argentina. J. Healy. $uco
Property of estate of F. C. O'Reilly: Conne
mara, b. m., 17, by Stratford-Lara, J. B Hae
gln. $5100. ' S
MAY RACE CONSECUTIVE DAYS.
Meeting Iakely to Be Held to Con
sider This Subject.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1.— E. D. Morgan,
who. with a party of friends, remained
for the night aboard the Park City inside
Sandy Hook,' said to-night:
"To-day's race cannot be discussed from
the point of a critic. It was merely a
succession of flukes and never resembled
a real race. The challenger merely was
more fortunate than the Columbia In
catching the fitful puffs of wind. I regret
extremely the outcome because we were
nil anxious to see what the boats would
do on the triangular course. But as it Is
we are now no wiser than before. So far
as I am able to say there will be no
change in the defender's sails. The pres
ent suit 13 quite satisfactory."
Captain Barr was extremely reticent.
Absolutely no expression could be ob
tained from him upon any point further
than regret over the miserable racing
weather.
While there was no meeting of the New-
York Yacht Club to-night of either the
challenge or the regatta : committee, it
was Intimated that the cup committee of
the club and the representatives of the
Royal Ulster Club might have a meeting
in the near future with regard to having
the yachts raced on consecutive days.
This was done two years ago, after a
number of postponements because of the
lack of wind, similar to the conditions
which prevailed to-day. It requires an
agreement on' the part of both sides to
have the races sailed on consecutive
days, and it is likely that another post
ponement may bring this about. It Is
possible also that some sort of meeting
may be held to-morrow. The next race,
however, will not be- sailed until Thurs
day, although there may be a race Fri
day. . • • \u25a0
LIPTON'S CHANCES BBIGHTEE.
Britons Think Shamrock Is Begin-
ning to Show -Her Speed.
LONDON, Oct. 2. -/The morning- papers
Indulge In little comment on the perform
ances of the Shamrock II and Columbia
yesterday, although " these performances,
are held to confirm the Impression that
the challenger would show better on the
triangular course and is apparently ira-
Olympic Club Boxing.
The Olympic Club gymnasium will b«
the scene to-night of seven special box
ing bouts, which premise good sport
The card, as arranged, follows:
Joe Collins. Olympic Club, versus R. A. Stone
Olympic Club. 130 pounds: J. M. Lundle Olym
pic Club, versus J. Radigan. Bay City Athletic
Club, 128 pounds: D. Danziger. Olympic Club
versus TV. J. Leonard, Olympic Club 130
pounds: J. F. McCarthy. Olympic Club. ver»us
T. Wollfe. Ariel Rowing Club. 145 pounds- c
Milward, Olympic Club, .versus W. Moreno 'un
attached. 170 pounds; J. J. Dukelow. Rochester
Athletic Club, New York, versus W. Kelly Ba i
City Athletic Club, catch weights; J. Britt Jr«
Olympic Club, versus D. Barry, Bay City At£'
let ic Club, 137 rounds. -
NEW YORK, Oct. 1.— To-day's at
tempt to sail the second of the
present series Of international
yacht races for the blue ribbon
of the sea proved a dismal fail
ure. Between 25,000 and 30,000 people who
crowded on the pleasure fleet off Sandy
Hook lightship in the hope of seeing a
repetition of : the thrilling sport of last
Saturday witnessed instead more of a
drifting match than a race. The wind
was exceedingly light and variable, at
times falling so low that the gossamer
wind pennants, which are as light as
thistledown, hung limp against the masts
of the big single-stickers. The wind, with
crews lined up on the lee rails, was not
sufficient at any time to make the racing
machines heel to their lines.
At the end of four and a half hours the
two yachts covered less than one-half of
the prescribed course' of thirty miles, and
as there was no possibility of their fin
ishing within the time limit the regatta
committee declared the race off. When
the gun was fired announcing this deci
sion the challenger was about a half-mile
ahead of the defender, and to that extent
to-day's trial was a victory for the Sham
rock.
Dangerous in Light Airs.
But the fluke to-day demonstrated little
as to the question of .supremacy between
the two boats except, perhaps, that Sir
Thomas' new champion Is more danger-,
ous in light airs thanwas supposed after
her two former meetings with the white
liyer, to which the patriots are pinning
their faith. In tluky winds of variable
strength, shifting as they did to-day
through six points of the compass, luck
cuts almost as much figure as model and
seamanship, ani to-day fortune was un
mistakably with the foreigner. '
The course was a equilateral triangle,
ten miles to the leg. the first leg being a
beat due east into the wind. The Yankee
skipper at the start outgeneraled his ad
versary in a splendid piece of Jockeying,
crossing the line in the windward bertn
twelve seconds ahead of • the Britisher.
This advantage tne Columbia held for
two hours, while both yachts steered far
off the course to the southward, looking
for a streak of wind that would pront
them.
Finally Barr declined longer to continue
the vainless quest. He put his helm down
and headed inshore on the starboard tack.
The Shamrock at this time, after both
had been sailing in the same airs, was a
beaten boat, and her skipper could af
ford to take a gambler's chance with for
tune. He held doggedly on and fortune
smiled on him. Within five minutes he
got a breeze out of the south which ruf
fied the crestless seas and wafted him like
a ghost through the Columbia's weather.
But this was not his best piece of good
fortune. After this reverse the Columbia,
slipping through the seas at an astonish
ing pace, had worked out ahead of the
Shamrock, but to the leeward. When 'the
two vachts were In this position, about
two miles from the first turn, a cant of
the wind threatened to blanket the Colum
bia and to avfcid such a possibility Barr
went under the Shamrock's stern. Just
as he did so the wind hauled around
more to the south, knocking the Colum
bia's head off, until to the astonished
spectators, she seemed headed almost
back to the lightship at the- starting line.
That golden boat, favored by the same
breeze, was headed in exactly the oppo
site direction. Then the wind shifted
back again and when Barr got the Colum
bia straightened out he was a third of a
mile astern. In this position the two
boats rounded the first mark, the Sham
rock three minutes and eight seconds be
fore the Columbia, or a gain for the
Shamrock in the beat to windward, adding
the twelve seconds which the Columbia
beat her over the line, of three minutes
and twenty seconds.
Race Is Declared Off.
During the next hour. In a close reach
for the second mark, the yachts were able
to cover about four or four and a half
miles of the remaining twenty, and as.
only fifty minutes then remained before
the expiration of the time limit, the race
was declared off.
After turning the mark the experts
thought the Shamrock increased her lead
slightly. This gain may, however, be ac
counted for by the fact that she carried a
large reaching sail, while the Columbia
was working close to the wind with a
small baby jib topsail, a mere handker
chief compared to the Shamrock's larger
sail.
When the excursion fleet . headed back
for home the only real race of the day oc
curred. It was the race for New York,
i To-night both the Yankees and the for-
I eigners are praying for a good, stiff
I breeze on Thursday, when the next race
will be sailed. . .
When the string of signals was hoisted
on the committee boat indicating the
course the rival racers were circling
about the" lightship, • performing 'nearly
every known variety of marine maneuv
ers. The Shamrock was clothed in a
brand new suit of light weather sails, ad
mirably cut and of marvelous fit. . The
Columbia, however, was obliged to con
tent herself with the same old suit that
carried her to victory on Saturday. ' Be
fore the start the Shamrock hoisted a
tiny jib topsail, perhaps the smallest ever
; carried by a cup yacht. It answered Its
| purpose capitally as a steering sail ami
i proved of great advantage in a day so
j prolific of flukes and doldrums.- 'j
j Preparatory Gun Fired.
i The preparatory gun was fired at 10:45.
j'At that time both yachts were on the
port tack, standing to the southward,
I with the Shamrock in the lead and the
I Columbia following in her wake. Ten
minutes later the bang of the warning
gun was heard and' the' Columbia, wear
ing sharply round, 1 trimmed her sails- on
the other tack, the Shamrock crossing her
bows.'- The Columbia took good care, to
secure the weather .berth, and ten seconds
after the starting gun, which was fired at
the dot of 11, she crossed the 'line- on the
starboard tack, ahead and well to wind
ward. The Shamrock luffed over the line
a few- seconds before the gun fired. and
was recalled by the judges' boat and had
to nut back. I <•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 "\u25a0'./...,•
The official time of the start wast Co
lumbia, 11:00:10; Shamrock. 11:00:22.
Luck was \u25a0 with the Ajnerlcan boat at
first, for a fortunate catspaw : stnick her
and- enabled her to head up a couple of
points -. higher than • her opponent. This
gave her a commanding lead, the Sham
rock meanwhile scarcely moving through
the 'water and appearing to be dull and
loggy. ,
The Shamrock went on. the port, tack.
CHICAGO. Oct. 1.— Pink Coat won the fourth
race, at Harlem to-day in one Of the most sen
sational finished ever seen at this track. He
was almost a prohibitive favorite, but was
heavily backed. He won by a head from Char
lie O"Brien.- Results:
First race, six furlongs— Bessie Spahr won.
Step Onward second, Connne third. Time, 1:13.
Second race, seven furlongs— Goal Kunner
won, Hl-Nock-Er. -second, Henry. Bert third.
Time. 1:26 3-3. " v V»' ' - i : ' I r * '
Third race, seven furiongs— Constellator'won.
Headwater second, Sevoy third. Time, 1«25 4-5. •
Fourth race, mile and ah' eighth— Pink Coat
won. Charlie -O'Brien • second. Malay third.
Time. 1:52 %\>.
Fifth race, five and A half ' furlongs — Land
seer i won. Kmathion second, Dodie S third.
Time, 1:0? 1-5.
. Sixth race mile, selling— Monus won, Bon
nie Lissak second. Uncle; Tom third. Time,
1:40 2-5.. _ ._ '._ '.'.
Seventh race, one mile — Guy H won. Frank
M second, Woodstick third. Time, 1:42.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. ' 1.— Fair Grounds summary:
First race, seven furlongs, selling— Cored
won Tidal Wave second. Omelia third. Time.
1:30.
\u25a0 Second race, seven furlongs, selling— Sam
Lazarus won. The Wag second. Crockett third.
Tlme.-l:29V4. •• -
Third race, five End a half furlongs — Oglo
\u25a0won. Rose of Red second, Jordan third. Time.
l:09V4» \u25a0 ••• \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
Fourth race, one mile, selling— Sir Rolla won.
The Caxton second, Tulla Fonso third. Time,
1:42%.
Fifth race, mile ami an eigrhth. selling—Cogs
well won. Eltholin second, Burnett's Walka
way third. Time. 1:57%. **
Sixth race, six furlongs, spiling— Hllee won,
Lynch second. Sister Sarah third. Time, 1:15.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1.— Graveeend results:
First race, about \u25a0 six furlongs — Goldseeker
won, 1 Tribes Hill sejeond, Setauket third. Time.
1:10 3-5.
Second race, mile and a sixteenth—Morning
*ide won. Barbara Freitchie second, Janice
third. Time, 1:48.
Third race. Bay Shore selling stakes, about
six furlongs— The Musketeer won. Redpath sec
ond. Sweet Tooth third. Time, 1:10 4-5.
Fourth race. .about six furlongs, selling— Por
tente won. Satire second. His Royal Highness
third. Time. 1:11 1-5.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth — Alfred Var
grave won, The Amazon second, Kinnlkinnlc
third. Time,. 1:48 1-6.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, selling —
Francesco won. Grail second. The Pride of
Surrey third. Time. 1 :07" 4-5.
Starting . a Heavily Backed Favorite
He Wins by a Head From
Charlie O'Brien.
PINK ..COAT IS FIRST
IN SENSATIONAL RACE
Mile and sixteenth. Hotel Westminster stakes,
three-year-olds and upward— Lizzella 103 (See),
2Va to 1, won: Rey Dare 115 (Ruiz), 6 to 5, sec
ond; Joe Hock 100 (Alexander), 15 to 1, third.
Time, 1:48%.
Rio de Bo'.anas also ran.
Time— 2:22. 2:21%. 2:23V4
.Half-mile, two-year-olds— Silva Cruz 118
(Ransom), 1 to 4, won; Owight Way 115 (Ro
mero), lu to l and 2ft to 1, second; Perfection
115 (See), 1 10 to 1, third. Time, :19^.
St. Chester, Hon.- Peter Sterling and Tacna
also ran. . St. Chester coupled with Silva Cruz.
<-. One mile. Rose stakes, three-year-olds and
upward— La Goleta 119 (Kansom), 1 to 4, won;
Miss Vera 119 (See-)', 2ft to 1, second; Forkford
1U8 (Matthews), third. Time, 1:41.
Forkford coupled with La Goleta.' i Finesse,
Little Edelweiss, Victor and Myrtle also. ran.
Six furlongs, three-year-olds and up — Bob
Palmer 115 (Ransch), 3 to 1, won; Abano 108
(See), 4 to 1 and 7 to 5, second; Game Warden
119 (Burlingame), 8 to 6, third. Time, 1:15.
- jPonso, Mafeking,- Cantinus, Altara and Shan
non Berna also ran.
• •• Time— 2:19, 1:20,- 2:20. S
2:18 trot; purse ?500; three in five:
Grace McK. by McKinney-Grace Kal
. ser (Maben) ; 1 1.1
Resell (J. Uaker) 2 2,5
Solo (Bunch 3 8 -3
brinkey K (Cody) ...5 4 2
Dr. Dan (Bartee) 4 5 dis
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 1.— Bright weather
and a fairly 'good card brought out a
better, attendance at Agricultural Park
to-day. The Rose and the "Westminster
stakes for runners were the features, the
former going to E. J. Baldwin's La Goleta
in the Easiest sort of fashion and the
latter to Lrizzella.
\u25a0Wardman was made favorite for the
Westminster, but in a false break at the
post Ransch was. caught in the webbing
and thrown heavily to the ground. Ward
man ran three miles before he could be
stopped.. After a -long delay. at the post
the rest 'of the field were sent away. Rey
Dare looked a winner until the stretch,
where the big weight and the long de"lay
told and he gave way to I^lzzella.
The harness races went to the favorites
in Straights. The time was slow in all
the heats. Rather a poor class of harness
hordes has . been shown at the meeting
thus far. Weather line, track good. Sum
mary;
•2:23 pace; purse $5C0; three in -five:
Richard B. by Woolsey, by Ten Broeck ;
(Donahue) l l \
Glide Away (Wallace) 2 "2 .3
Phil Sheridan (Hackney) '....3 3 2
A JEW YORK, Oct. I. Always optimistic, Sir Thomas Upton to-day, after the race, was in
1 V the best of spirits. He said:
?/ really don't see anything yet on which to base a definite opinion regarding the two
boats. While the Shamrock was leading when the race was called off, there's nothing to brag
about To-day while the winds were very light, there was little Unking, therein differing from last
Thursday's breezes, which, in spots, failed utterly, each boat in turn striking dead calms. After the
shozvino made thus far by both boats, I should not hesitate if I were a betting man to lay even money
on the Shamrock. Both "boats were handled to-day to the best ability by the best men each coun
try could produce. I don't think there's a better skipper in America than Captain Barr of the Co
lumbia."
Sir Thomas expressed himself as personally in favor of racing every day, provided any sug
gestion looking to that end should be made.
Captain Bob Wringe/who stands by Sir Thomas on the bridge, when asked if he considered
Shamrock's chances better, said:
"I can't say that her chances are better, for they were never bad."
LjIFTON SAYS EVEN ODDS.
Richard B and Grace McK
"Win' the Harness Races
in Straight Heats.
La Goleta Captures the
Famous Rose Stakes
,.'\u25a0; \u25a0'-,',: Handily,
BALDWIN COLORS
AGAIN IN FRONT
Challenger Gains on the Defender Columbia and Is Forging Ahead
on the Homestretch^ but the Wind Dies Away*
ATTEMPT TO SAIL THE SECOND CUP
CONTEST PROVES A DISMAL FAILURE
SHAMROCK LEADS BY HALF A MILE WHEN RACE IS CALLED OF
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1901.
He Is Charged With a Suspicious Ride on W. C. Whitney's De
Lacey — Edward Corrigan's License May Not Be Renewed.
JOCKEY LESTER REIFF IS BARRED
FROM THE ENGLISH RACE COURSES
BERKELEY, . Oct. 1.— The ' Berkeley
High School football eleven will ' go to
Stockton Saturday to play the Stockton
High School team. The game will be one
of the Academic Athletic League series.
4
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical In«tituts.
They cured so many men who had bat.
tied for years against the mental a«id
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute hae decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who. suffer
from any fo" 3 *? 1 . * e xual weakness result-
Ing from yenthful folly, premature loss at
strength an^ memory, weak back, varico-
se or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. >• • •
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of t**™ 1 } 1 and Eee ™ s .to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
£nd development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medi-
cal Institute, 323 Elektron, building. Fort
Wayne, Ind.. statins that you desire -one
of their free trial packages, will be. com-
piled with promptly. The Institute Is de-
tirous of reaching that great -class of man
•who are unable to leave home to ba treat-
ed and the free samples will enable them
to see bow easy it Is to be cured -of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed In a
plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or* pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay.
A Free Trial Paekajro Sent by Mail
to'AUW bo Write.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy Thit
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
U \u25a0\u25a0in i uuji.mj,. inM^juumWiiiMi ma—— „ , ,, - '
jjjllli^ WINCHESTER REPEATING ABw/giSC. V. Porter, 239 Geary street, on behalf
of San Francisco Local Division No.-. 10
of the United Brotherhood of Railway
Employes, swore to a complaint In Judge
Fritz's Court yesterday cliarging K. Av.
Guggenheim with felony embezzlement.
Guggenheim took an active interest in
the picnic of the division held' recently
and it is now alleged that he has tailed
to turn in to the treasurer $161 which he
obtained for tickets. It is also alleged
that he appropriated a number of prizes
to his own use. , ' ... .
Police Want Guggenheim.
The trial of Patrick Clancy, special
officer, on the charge of murder for shoot
ing and killing Attorney J. N. E. Wilson
on May 27 last, was continued before a
jury In Judge Lawlor's court yesterday.
From the questions put to the witnesses
on cross examination it is apparent that
a claim of self defense will be made and
probably temporary Insanity. , -
The witnesses examined were Dr. Lcuis
D. Bacigalupi, who made the autopsy on
Wilson's body; Samuel H. Bookheim, who
heard the fatal shots; Dr. Cecil M. Armi
stead, who attended Wilson at i tha Re
ceiving Hospital; T. I. Fitzpatrick, assist
ant warrant clerk, who took Wilson's
dying statement; Henry F. Young, who
found the envelope on which Wilson had
written that Clancy had shot him; Police
man Nelsen, who arrested Clancy and
huard his admission that he had killed
Wilson, and Detective T. L. Ryan and
Captain Seymour.
Most of the Witnesses for the Prose
cution Have Been Ex
amined.
CLA.NCY MT7BDES TRIAL
IS DRAWING TO A CIX)SE
the rest of the parly, were driven uptown
to the Crocker mansion on California
street: Bishop Potter will be the guest of
w, H. Crocker, while Morgan and his
friends will occupy the Crocker mansion.
The millionaire declined positively to be
interviewed by press representatives yes
terday, stating that he was in San Fran
cisco simply in his capacity as a lay dele-
Kate to the Episcopal Convention.
Delegates Arrive by Hundreds.
The special and repular trains that ar
rived yesterday brought to the city about
l^XK) person* v.h<i win attend the conven
tion. Of thif numbor not more than 6tM
are delegates, the rest being friends ol
delegates and others who are intetested
in the proceeding* of the Episcopal
church.
The New FTngland delegations arrived
early yesterday morning in a special train
of six cars. The delegations consisted of
126 peopte and included Bishop Brewster
of Hartford. Conn.; Bishop Lawrence of
.Massachusetts. Bishop McVicar of Rhode
Island and the Rev. Charles Hutchings.
secretary of the House of Bishops. The
dt-legatior.s came via the Canadian Pacinc
route.
A second special arrived from Pennsyl
vania at S a. m. yesterday, bringing about
100 delegates and their friends. The special
was made up into two sections and pulled
to ,V le de » JOt at Oakland mole ahead or
the Morjran special.
The regular morning trains added to the
crowds of clergy in the city and the
afternoon trains did the same. The over
j&nd trains due in the evening were some
Rours late, but the belated travelers
were not put to much inconvenience.
Apartments for them had been reserved
In the hotels and they soon retired to rest
to prepare for the work of the convention
that begins this morning.
A belated arrival last night was the
Lord Bishop of Newcastle, England, who
attends the convention as the representa
tive of the Cnurch of England.
The Lord Bishop proceeded at once to
the Scott residence at Lngur.a and Clay
streets, where he will be the guest of
Bishop Nichols of California, who Is also
entertaining the Lord Bishop of British
Columbia.
Many Bishops at Hotels.
The following named Bishops are quar
tered at the Occidental Hotel: ; •
Bishop Afwill of Western Missouri. Bishop
Brewer of Montana. Bishou Dudley of Ken
tucky. I3ishop Francis of Indiana, Bishop
Gravatt of "West Virginia, R:shop Gallon of
Tennessee. Bishop Graves of Shanghai. Bishop
Cibscn of Virginia. Bishop Johnson of Los
Angeles. Bishop McKim of Toklo. Bishop
Niles of New Hamoshlre. Bishop Peterkin of
West Virrinia, Bishop Paret of Maryland.
Bishop Randolph of Virginia. Bishop Rowe of
Alaska. I?isho:> Satterlee of Washington.
Jiishoj. Whftehead of PIttsburs end Bishop
Vincent of Ohio.
The Bishops who have registered at the
Palace Hotel are as follows:
bishop Leonard of Ohio. Bishop Codman of
Maine. Bishop Lawrence of Marsachusetts.
HiFh^p Morrison of Iowa, Bishop McVickar of
Rhode Island. I?ishnp A. C. A. Hall of Ver
rnont, Bifhop j. h. White of Indiana and
Birhon Kinsolvlne of r.razil.
A High Church Champion.
Among the prominent speakers who will
take part in the convention is Right Rev.
Isaac I>>a Nicholson, Bishop of Milwau
kee, who is another of those prelates of
his church who sympathize with the rit
ualistic movement and was one of the
s< ven who participated in the noted Fond
du Lac consecration. He is a native of
Baltimore and began life as a banker.
Entering Dartmouth, he became the cen
ter of un association of students, among
whom were Bishops Leonard and Talbot,
and by whom he was influenced to take
Episcopal orders. He studied at the Vir
ginia Theological Seminary and was
made priest in 1S72. Subsequently called
to the rectorship of old St. Mark's. Phila
delphia, he developed into a priest of the
highest ability. Chosen to the diocese of
Wisconsin, he has extended the church
and its institutions to a wide extent.
Thrice divided, at another convention an
additional diocese will be created.
Bishop Nicholson is a firm advocate of
the church as a vita!, living reality. He
will follow in the footsteps of Bishops
Grsfton and Seymour, the high church
etiamjjions.
Is an Advanced Churchman.
The great question of ritualism in the
church and the stand which may be taken
on the subject by the convention Is ab
sorbing the attention of the laity and
clergy throughout the country. One of
the most famous advocates of advanced
thurohmanshij) is the Right Rev. George
Franklin Seymour, Bishop of Springfield,
in the province of Illinois.
Bishop Seymour by birth Is a New
Yorker, and a noted graduate of Colum
bia. He studied for the ministry* at the
General Theological Seminary and was
ordained priest in 1S53. A scholar by at
tainment, he is a natural educator. He
v.as the flr^t warden of St. Stephen's Col
lege; a training school for candidates for
the ministry. At one time he. was rector
of St. John's Cnurch. Brooklyn, but re
slgnt-d to become professor of ecclesiasti
cal history in the General Theological
Srminary. He was once called to Grace
Church in th!s city, but declined. H's
high church views cost him the election
to the episcopate of Missouri by a vote of
one.
He- was elected Bishop of Illinois, but
the house of deputies refused to confirm
In 1S77 he was unanimously elected Bish
op of Springfield after a famous contro
versy, but declined. Again he was chosen
and accepted. He was consecrated in
Trinity Church, N>w York, to the sorrow
of the low church element, who were
pure that the church would become
Roman right away. In this they were
disappointed. Dr. Seymour is a great
preacher and an aggressive controversial
ist. He is sure to be a most interesting
"sure in the convention. As a. diocesan
bis administration has been wise and suc
ctssful.
To Exhibit Mission "Work.
An exhibit of the work of the wards of
the missions in distant lands and Indian
reservations is in preparation at 1C09 Sut
ter street. It Is to consist of needle
v.ork. lace work, articles of apparel cu
rios, objects of art and utility and num
berlesa otlx=r things. The purpose of the
exhibit is to demonstrate the capacity of
th<i workers in the civilized arts and their
prr>jrr*>F« when patiently instructed.
It will surprise any one to note the deli
cacy of the designs and the perfection of
the samples of iace work and know that
!"•? work v.-as executed by squaws and
Indian crirls not many years rescued from
debasing Fa vagpry. Indian schools are
maintained in all the dioceses. East and
In 1S95 the firm of Drexel, Morgan & Co.
became J. P. Morgan & Co., which is J.
Pierpont Morgan and eleven others who*.,
he has associated with him, not for their
financial strength, but for their assistance
as lieutenants in handling the vast
amount of business that has been drawn
to the house, which now, though a private
concern. Is one of the most powerful
financial factors in the business of the
world.
Mr. Morgan's father died in 1S90, leav
ing him a fortune of some $10,000,000 and
the sole control of the London house of
J. S. Morgan & Co. and the Paris house
of Morgan, Harjes & Co., with all their
worldwide connections.
From the outset of his career Mr. Mor
gan paid especial attention to the "foreign
exchange" department of the banking
business, and having in time thoroughly
mastered it was in a position of advant
age in securing a large share of the
enormous business in that line necessi
tated by our large and ever growing im
port and export trade.
In 1S60 John Pierpont Morgan became
the American agent for George Peabody
& Co., London; four years later he organ
ized the firm of Dabney, Morgan & Co.,
and in 1871 became connected with the
wealthy Drexels of Philadelphia In the
firm of Drexel, Morgan & Co.
Joseph Morgan, Mr. Morgan's grand
father, took part in the Revolution. As a
farmer and tavern-keeper at Hartford he
amassed what was then counted a good
fortune. His lands occupied a large part
of Asylum Hill and In time became quite
valuable. This property was left to his
son Junius, John Pierpont Morgan's
father, who by energy and natural apti
tude for business, first as a dry goods
merchant and then as the associate of
George Peabody, the great banker, mul
tiplied it into millions and laid part of the
foundation for the vast fortune that has
been gathered by his son.
John Pierpont Morgan was born in
Hartford, Conn., where he attended school
until he was 14, when his father moved
to Boston. There he became a student at
the celebrated Knglish High School and
on his graduation therefrom at the age
of 18 spent two years at the University
of Gottingen, Germany. ...
At the age of 21 he entered the banking
house of Duncan, Sherman & Co., New
York.
On his father's side his family dates
back to 1636, when Miles Morgan, the
first of the line on this side of the water,
landed on New England soil and with a
few others founded the town of Spring
field, Mass.
Mr. Morgan isaNewEnglander by birth
and ancestry. His mother, from whom he
gets his middle name, was Miss Juliet,
daughter of .the Rev. John Pierpont, the
author of the stirring little poem on the
appeal supposed to have been made by
Avarren to nismenatthe battle of Bunker
Hill, which begins "Stand! The ground's
your own, my braves.' Mr. Morgan inher
ited something of his grandfather's poet
ical nature, and in his youth did several
things in verse, to which, however, he
does not claim- to owe much of his pres
ent fame.
It Is the same In the vestry meetings at
St. George's, where Mr. Morgan is senior
warden of the church, and where as such
he can be seen at the Sunday service
passing' the plate for offerings of the con
gregation, always adding a comparatively
liberal contribution, if not the scriptur
ally enjoined tithe.
With his pastor, Rev. W. S. Rainsford,
who came to St. George's in 1881, when
quite a young man, Mr. Morgan has al
ways been on the most intimate terms
and given him the most hearty support
and co-operation in his work for the tem
poral and spiritual betterment of. the peo
ple within reach.
Besides a, new parish house for St.
George's, which Mr. Morgan erected at
a cost of ¥300,000, the New York Trade
School, which he established at a cost of
$500,000; the new Lying-in Hospital, to
which he gave $1,350,000; the Loomis Con
sumption Hospital, rome $500,000, a«d
$500,000 to the Young Men's Christian As
sociation, $1,000,000 to Harvard University,
$125,000 for the preservation of the Pali
sades of the Hudson, $100,000 to a library
for Holyoke, Mass., where his father was
born, and other gifts too numerous for
special mention, Mr. Morgan gives each
year considerably over $100,000 to the reg
ular church work and individual charities
of New York and the vicinity.
Inherits a Practical Nature.
period of twenty-one years, he has been in
his place as delegate and performed most
valuable service on the committees to
which he has been appointed.
Always a regular attendant at the ses
sions of the convention, an attentive lis
tener and taking a keen interest in the
proceedings, yet his voice is seldom heard
on the floor. When it is, whether speak
ing to the question or making a commit
tee report, there is never any doubt as to
his meaning.
Never taning upon himself the proper
duty. of the others, his purse ever opens
to supplement their efforts, or to bridge
over un emergency when the need comes.
Yet, with it all, in this one field of ac
tion Mr. Morgan performs his duty and
pleasure (for such duty is to him) without
seeking to dominate, as perforce of cir
cumstnnce and surroundings he does in
the business world.
Continued From Page One.
Before Congressman Kahn went from
this city to the islands he conferred with
merchants who wished to get special in
formation on certain points. • He accord
ingly made inquiries for their benefit. The
new revenue law for the Philippines pro
mulgated by the War Department has
been put into shape, and opinions of the
merchants of Luzon were sought as to
the effect Its operation will have upon
trade with the United States.
Congressman Shafroth, who has been
studying the business possibilities of the
Philippines, also returned on the Thomas.
On the same vessel were Surgeon Gen
eral Stemberg and Commissary General
Weston, who went to the islands upon an
official tour of Inspection, also General
Kobbe and Postmaster Stocking of Ma
nila.
Congressman Julius Kahn arrived yes
terday from the Philippines on the trans
port Thomas. He was accompanied by
his wife. Congressman Kahn went to the
Philippines several months ago to Inves
tigate for himself, as a lawmaker, the
conditions existing in the American pos
sessions. While he was in the south seas
he visited all the principal islands of the
Philippine group and studied the products
of the land and also considered the needs
of the natives, which may call for sup
plies from, the United States, and particu
larly from San Francisco. In Manila he
was banqueted by the Chamber of Com
merce, and many military and civic of
ficers were present at the banquet. Jus
tice James F. Smith of the Philippine Su
preme Court presided and A. W. Fergu
son acted as toastmasttr.
Transport, General Sternberg
Also Being a Passenger.
Congressman Julius Kahn Arrives on
EBINGS INFORMATION
FROM PHILIPPINES
The chairman of the missionary exhibit
is Mrs. Sydney M. Van Wyck. The chair
man of the heads of courts is Mrs. L. F.
Comstock. the secretary is Mrs. N. Li.
Nokes and the treasurer is Mrs. W. G.
Morrow. \u25a0 . \u25a0
The exhibits will be classified under
distinct heads. That of China will be in
charge of Mrs. John F. Swift. Mexico
will be presided over by Miss Gwin. Afri
ca by Miss Alice Brown. North American
Indians by Mrs. Thurlow McMullin. Phil
ippines and West Indies by Mrs. Frances
B. Edperton. Brazil by Mrs. Thomas L.
Thompson. Japan by Miss Philip Caduc,
Alaska by Miss Sally Maynard and col
ored from the South by Mrs. J. Goddard
Clark.
The missionary loan committee consists
of Mrs. Daniel MeLeod. Mrs. George E..
Wellington. Mrs. Robert Waller and Mrs.
F. G. Sanborn. The press agents are
Mrs. W.i C Morrow and Miss Bertha
Monroe Rickoff.
The work of preparing th? booths is a
laborious one, but it is making rapid pro
gress. The exhibit will open Monday next
and continue during the convention.
Creation of New Diocese.
The utmost interest in the proceedings
of the general convention centers in the
subject of the creation of new dioceses
and divisions of the old. The -church is
growing by leaps and bounds, and more
and more the ilmlt of endurance of the
Bishops is reached. The only relief that
is regarded as practicable is by the mul
tiplication of O.ioceses. Coadjutor Bish
ops, except in cases where the Bishop is
disabled on account of age or physical
infirmity, are not regarded as a desirable
alternative. The danger of a conflict of
authority is ever present. The remedy
seems to be in the creation of new dio
ceses. Massachusetts will be one of the
dioceses that will he cut in half, and the
new diocese of Western Massachusetts
will come into being well equipped in
every respect. The churchmen of Boston
have raised $l:X),000 as an endowment of
the new diocese, which will embrace the
larger portions of the territory of the old
Bay State, but not numerically In the
number of communicants or clergy. West
ern Massachusetts being an independent
jurisdiction will elect its own Bishop as
soon as the consent of the church to the
measure is gained.
The diocese of Olympia, embracing the
cities 6f Seattle and Tacoma, including
the prosperous region of Western Wash
ington and Puget Sound, has sent a strong
delegation to secure an independent or
ganization. It is promised to raise $30,000
in six years as an endowment. The Bish
ops are loth to accept promises to pay.
If Olympia churchmen had raised $20,000
in cash the consent of the church to its
independent organization would have been
assured. Olympia must consent to remain
a missionary jurisdiction for the present.
The utmost consideration will be given
to the subject of provisional Bishops for
the Philippines. Porto Rico and Cuba. If
the church is to find a place for itself in
the new possessions a Bishop for each is
an absolute necessity. The question will
be quickly decided in the affirmative if
the means of support can bo assured.
The care of the church in Hawaii can
be settled in but one way — by the resig
nation of Bishop Willis. He cannot be
superseded. If the" present Bishop will
step down and out the American church
will soon settle the auestion.
The convention therefore lias the ap
pointment oj! several new Bishops on ita
hands: North Dakota, to succeed Bishop
Edsall. transferred to Minnesota; Olym
\u25a0pia, as successor to Bishop Parker; Porto
Rico. Cuba and the Philippines, besides
Hawaii.
Whether or not Bishop Rowe will con
tinue in Alaska depends .upon his support.
J. Pierpont Morgan guaranteed the Bish
op's salary for the first three years. If
he continues this benefaction the church
in Alaska will retain its present hard
worked and devoted head. Upon whom
the choice for Bishops will be placed agi
tates many of the younger element of the
clergy.
Programme for To-Day.
The opening service of the General Con
vention will take place this morning at 11
at Trinity Church. Bush and Gough
streets. The service will be participated
In by all the Bishops and the clerical arid
lay delegates to the convention. It will
consist of the holy communion office, and
the sermon will be preached by the Right
Rev. the Bishop of Oregon, B. Wistar
Morris.
At 3 this afternoon the House of Bish
ops and the House of Delegates will con
vene and organize for business. The
Bishops will meet in executive session,
while the House of Deputies will be called
to order by the Rev. Charles Hutchings,
secretary of the house. After the roll has
been called and the credentials of the
delegates have been presented the house
will proceed to elect a chairman. In the
absence of the Rev. Morgan Dlx of New
York City, who is unable to be present,
there will be many candidates for the
honor of presiding over the deliberations
of the house.
West, which contain the tribes, and the
progress that has been made among these
aborigines is one of the boasts of the
church.
TRAINS BRING MMY DELEGATES
THE SiN FRANCISQJ CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1901.
EPISCOPAL PRELATES ASSEMBLE
TO-DAY IN TRIENNIAL CONVENTION
SKETCH DE IHE GREAT BUNKER
Continued From Page One.
5
i RATLWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIPIO:
TfkftMA ICMf m nail «%\u25a0*«• \u25a0!\u25a0••» tw f *
«AK rKAN4:iM«:w. "**
(Main Line. Foot of M»rk«t Strvet.)
'lKATM — TBOW JUI.T lj 1801. — A1»»T«
?<••\u25b2 BcnUdk. SnUuu. Eimlr» and 8«cr»-
mcui« «ji r
"«OOa Vte*tlll«, Wlnt'M, Hunnoj 7»S3r
« iSva Mtrtlim, 8an lUniou, Valltjo, K»pa,
OmlUti'4»»U(t8»iit* Rnm *i*Sp
l:tOA DmTl», WoodUnd. KulgbU Landing. - .
\u25a0 - M«T«ille, <>ro»IIU_ 7IB-1P
• ••»* AtlnnHc I'.xpresa— Oaden mad Baal 1S:SS»
hiO«a Nllts, Lithrop, Stcciton i»a.»»
ttOOAKtlM, il«ndot* Miru'ord, Vlsoli*.
PorterriUe 4*3*
• i»«» BhMU Expre«— D»rU. WiUlama (for
Bartlcrt 8pr!ni»), Willows. Red
Bluff. Fortiai.d.. 7i33jr
• i*»* Bun .lino, l.l»ermorc, Htockton,
lone. Hacrkineiito. rUonrillls,
JI»it»WI1<-, Chloo, Jte.t llIulT 4iS3»
»iS«* OakiUie. Cklncaa (Yoaemita). 80-
nora. Carters .*. 4i*Sr
*iO«« BaTW»rd, Kllca and Way SUlioua.. 1 1 s3.T*
tiOOA VtUejo I*t23»
ViOUa Loa AnselM Exprsti — M»rtlnei.
Traor. Lathrop. .Siooktou. Merced
Frnnu and Los Ancale* 7ias»
»:3«4 ValUln. Martlnn aui( Way SUtlona itliHr
I Vi«*a Tb« Orerlmd Iiinlted-OgiJeD, Deo-
ter, O u»ha. ChJcaci •\u25a0H3r
f liO»r 8aorain»iit« Itlttr Hievmcri f3i0l>4
S:3»r Hay ward. NHra and \T»y HUtloni.. 7:33»
4iO«r licnlcra, Wmtcra. HaotamantOb
Wooillmnd. Kiifjliti JjmJIiig.
MariHTlUe, Orotlll* l»tO3A
4i00r Martluac. Hau IUuioii. Vallejo,
Napa. UallaUira. Hmita lieu •»«»»*
«i«Or Nilcs, LtTermora. Stookton. Lodl... I*.si3r
•»M*9r Hayward.NU«a,Baa Jon, Lrrermora fS^no*
«<39r fort Cos*. Tracy, hmi brop, atock torn 1 0139.&
ttiOOf l'h« Owl LIralUd~Fra»uo, Tulare.
Bakenflald. H«ar» tor Santa B*r-
bars. Lot Angelca..... i 8:33*
OiO»r MmrUn'm. Antloclj, gtocktoo. M«r-
ced.?re«DO. 'MiS9y
SiO«rTowmlt« 1SCM»
OiSOr Ktir Orlnini E*pre*#— Uen<iota,
Freno. Bakenttaid, lo« An«ele«,
Dttning, £l V%ao, Kaw Orleans
and Slat TiOSa
\u25a0iOOr Bayward, Nlloa and 8a:t Joae 7.54 »
1«:»»r Vaflejt Ili334
•\u25a0•Or Oil«nUl JUll-OiJen, Chsjennt, • - '
Omaha. Ckteago. 12i23#
«rOOp Ortontal Malt— Ogdea. »«a«tr.
Bt. LouJa, Chloaeo....,, 4i*3»
7i«»r Ov?ftm aud California J»xi't«n,H»e- -
Minenta. Marji»Ill«. Koil.llnf,
PortlaiKt, 1'uget rjom>4 ami Kail »i534
liMrtu Pablo. Park Coika. Martina
and Way SUUooa H.23*
t t»tO3f Yallejo 7»gay
COAST LINE (JUrrim «an R a).
(Fcot of Market 3U»»t.)
ft r43 a SanU Oru BzoaratoB t» AanU Cnu ~*
,. and Principal Way Buttons.*..... J9:«5>
• 1 1 5a Newaxk.Osnter lUIr.fiau Jom, Felton.
Bonliltr Ureek.Sau t a Cnu and Way
Station : »!»•»
fSil Ir Newark UanUrTlll*. San Jom, N«w . -. —
AlmadoB, Fsiton. HouMor Creek.
8auU Crux and TrlBolpal Way " \u25a0 . .
Station* 1»i3O*
4ilHr Newark. H»n Joie. I«»Oato«....... tSi»«4
««il3p Qlrnwood.BoaldCT Crock, StittCnu «»»3Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
torn SiJ mSMSCO-rsoi of Xtrkit Street (Slip I)—
tVM 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:C3 3:80 6:lSf.»:
ritrnflilUll— fiil .rgr«>4»;.— 1«:00 • J3:OO t8:CI
U.OOt.m. 13:00 3:D3 ' i:03r.u.
COAST LINE (Itroul Uange).
(ThlrJ and Tow men.) Sta.)
U:IOa Ban Jo»e and Way riUtlona. - Si»»a
17:«Oa Han Josa nml Way Stations li»»r
/7:»va New Aluiadeit / -islOy
{?i30a Sunday Exennion for Ban Jcie.
fanta Cruz. Pieifia Grore and
rilnclpal Way Station* {SslOy
MtAKui .)oae, Holllater. HnnU i'rnx, ~^--
rucilie tJroye, halinaa. San Loll
. ' Ob!sro. Santa Birbara anil Prin-
cipal intermediate HUtlini* 7>3«?v
1O:U<»* Ban Jcm and Way Stations... ....... Gi3«r
1 IiSOa Uan Jnso ami Way SUlioua SiUOf
t*: «3p Ban Matro, Uedwnoil, Munlo Park.
Palo Alto, Hanka Clara, Man Jixe.
Ho".1I»ter, BanU Cruz. Salinas.
Monterey ami I'acine Ornvs (10:13a
•iSOr BanJoar, Tres Pino*. Santa Cnu,
Paeiflc Gror* and Way Htallui.s 4:1 ny
MtlSr San Joeeamt Prineipal Way Statlona U:11a
t&iOOrSan Joae, Los Gates and Principal
Way ilUtione t 9 >°°»
atnnr Ran Jom and I'rlneipal Way HUiions Mt3SA
• ittor Redwood. Han Jos-. Gllroy. Baliuas,
Santa Btrbera, Loi Angeles 1O:O3.«
OiHOr Sail Jose and Way Stations t»<»»A
«ll :\u25a0«\u25a0•> r San Joa« »n.l AVay SUtloni 7i^«>y
A for Mornliif . P for AfEemoou.
t Sunday excepted. ! Sunday on'y.
a Satorday only. c Mood it. \u25a0 "
• Saturday in I Bonday, / Tuesdays and Fridays,
flOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive- .
San Fran. Foot of Market St.' San Fran.
F»rr, f-vt TnociVN. to Summit »n4 Uefum. Jl !*). v :
BeketOtkra. «S1 HjUULET STKJtST mod SAUaALlTO ntRT. . '
a'Pr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
612© EEAR5Y ST. JEstnblbhrd
in IS34 for the treatmi-nt «f Trivntn
Diseases. Uwt iI»nti(H)d. Dphiilty or
flKragf wearlngrnn bod.Tnrnl niinrt anrl
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others f al/. \u25a0 Try htrn. rharprM low.
•'areienaranlfed. Cillorwrltei
br« J. g. «IBt»OX. Han Fraorfsco. CaL
Weak Men and Women
SHOU1J> USE DAM1ANA BlTTEKiv THE
great Mexican remedy; *!-.-*:» health and
•irenslh to sexual orsana. Itvpoc. SS U^rket.
A D VERTISEMENTS.
c|Fels-Haptha{
. The fact remains
that after the most
severe test you
can put it to,
Fels-Naptha soap
insures sweet,
white clothes with-
' out any boiling.
Fels-Naptha soap
saves half the time
and half the work
as practice proves.
Guaranteed, or
money refunded.
Fe.« & Co., Philada.
Ortj, Lang & Stroh tine), San Francisco.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Catarrh
Ends in
Death
It's a long, miserable, painful and
desperate road from a cold in the head
to death by consumption — the result of
catarrh. Do. not think because you
are coughing, gurgling, choking and
raising decayed matter from the throat
and nasal passages, you have reached
the end of your catarrhal troubles— you
have not—the worst is yet to come —
you have untold suffering before you —
not only suffering for you, but misery
and exasperation for your friends and
family.
Don't wait until it is too late — get a
bottle of.Halpruner's Wonderful Medi-
cine and cure your catarrh at once.
Halpruner's is a very effective, quick-
ly curing medicine — one that will purify
your blood, give vigor to your mus-
cles and membranes and set the \ ma-
chinery of your body in proper action
to give you the best of good health.
Nearly all druggists sell Halpruner's
—a few will try to. talk you out of buy-
ing it; they want to sell you some-
thing else— something they make in
their cellars which doesn't cost any-
thing but the price of the bottles
something that is made to sell— not to
cure.
If 5'ou want to get •well get
/falpruneris
If you can't get It from your druggist '
telephone to Bush 4C3, or call at Halpruner
•Medical Manufacturing Co.
gSft CKICHCQTER'8 ENGLISH 'V-'*
-Pennyroyal pins
\u25a0Sr~fiTX - . __ OrJatJaaT sad Only OeinJioT
r/ - f& J»"««C«roM Sub.tltBUon. ud Ira It*.
GH B H H 48X Rifles, Ammunition. Fish-
9 iRiBtt. Blll R Tackle, Sporting:, Out-
H I KeJj Ins Goods. Largest Stock.
Q |Dh-Vj Lowest - Prices. Bend for
Is* « W B-fl Catalogue and Job Sheet.
w \u25a0.\u25a0." BHREVE k BARBER CO.
739 Market. 511 Kearny
ADVERTISEMENTS.
17Q2 1QO1
SX/\XE7VVEINX
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE-
INSURANCE COMPANY OF
NORTH AMERICA
tFOU.NDED A, D. 1792)
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D., 1900, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and £11 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL,.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $3,000,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned .by Company $855.C!V; 70
liOana on Bonds and Mortgages 1,712,184 05
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 4,932,217 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge \u25a0 '
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
1 ketable securities as collateral 94,700 00
i Cash in Banks 916,00132
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 20,903 19
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 945,02181
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 39,593 19
Due from other Companies for. Re- \u25a0 \u25a0
insurance on losses already paid..' 15,836 10
Total Assets \u25a0,........ ..$9, 532, 263 36
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid.;........ $103,913 4S
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 539,577 52
Losses xeslsted, including expenses.. 41,111 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $2,747,033 2S;
reinsurance 50 per cent ..: 1,373,518 64
Gross premiums on Klre Risks run-
ning more than one year, $3,496,-
697 44; reinsurance ' pro rata 1,778,243 63
Gross- premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, ;
reinsurance 100 per cent \u25a0 235,708 40
Amount reclaimable-by the insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance poll- •
cles •• • • 765,309 20
Al. other liabilities 94.1B4 48
Total Liabilities .$4,93l.n64 35
:\u25a0\u25a0: INCOME. '
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $4,099,633 54
Net cash actually received for Ma- .
rlne premiums 1,811,966 53
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 105.5S0 58
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 223,2Sf. 49
Received for Rents 29.534 69
Received from all other sources 188.216 60
Total Income $6,458,267 23
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses... $2, 754,102 35
Net amount paid for Marine Losses. 1,137 593 52
Dividends to Stockholders 3G0.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or - 1 '
Brokerage '.. 1,109,958 56
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 336,142 40
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes : 120,22172
All other J payments \u25a0 and . expendi-
ture , 29S.508 80
Total Expenditures $6,114,527 33
Losses incurred during the year $3,874,631 52
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium^.
Net amount of Risks t
written during .the "• .
year $559,358,869 $5,280,838.81
Net amount of Risks . ;; . . s •
expired during- the \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
year '. 520,821,602 4,854,077 40
Net amount in force .. • • .
December 31 1900...... 635,136,397 6,243.730 72
Risks and Premiums. \u25a0 Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks . / .
•written during the
year.. $398,754,420 $2,230,060 44
Net amount of Risks
expired during the . •
year.;. 398.45«,604 2,218.567 37
Net amount In- force • ...
December 31, 1900...:. 6,245,841 235.708 40
{ CHARLES PLATT. Prest: • \u25a0 *. • .
GREVILLK E. FRTER, Secy.
.Subscribed and sworn to before me, thlslSth
day of January, 1901. : * ' '. . * . .
RICHARD H. REILLY, Notary Public.;
Losses paid since organization,
$i04,J68,853.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
412 CALIFORNIA ST., S. F. :
JAMES D. BAILEY, General Agent
GEO. -H. MURDOCK,
Agent City Department, /ir
Weekly Call,$i;0d per Year
TH^^ \u25a0 EMPOBIUIME. \u25a0_.'" \| THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
| Towels 12c Each. 25 O and 35c Pattern Veils 17C SUkolines 7c Yard. 1
fc » An attractive as we 1 as useful vaue in a very 11/ ex 1000 yards 36-inch Silfcoline, 20 ditferen: pat- •?
large size Turkish Towc 1 , 45 inches long, jf^V^ /^^^^ WeOlier IOOO Of thiS Se^SOn'S term, ntw scyes for draperi.-i and comfort- $
fc' with p. -rficty wov:n selvedges; clos;, heavy t^^SB^^HHS^^^J IT!O>t <;tvii<;h Rl?Jf»k DattPrii trs ' re S uar F r:c: '^cj cur special _ [t
* n a? ; unbL-ached; a good va „-. for f^^^^^^^^4 «-, .° l5 ; n , n allern pricr, to-dav on y.. 7C*
5. fz a dozen— special to-day, «ch.. IjCG '^^^^^^^^^j^s^ Veils, including Silk Tuxedo ««
I . _____ _ Mesh with silk chenille spots, $3.OO Trimmed Hat \
%\u25a0'\u25a0 Ladies' tennis '^^^^^^^^ ' 'dot and border? the- 2?c and $1.79. j
S> immm 'm' **% '• \>_ X C C Q llclll 1 1 S S~~ "" 311 SD2~ _ n \u25a0 - I »" I TblS S-JSOn's Sty"- X
I "el" 6 ' £°E£fU cial sale Wednesday on^..' P - 17c £gB\ » "tSE |
>i arc ,g inche- lone and ' " ~ H 3 'i coicrs tan, back
i 4 J 8 4 inches wide at bot- Jx% KitlBoiS Waistiitas, W^ 7^^ and \u25a0 w , ki:= r and '5
g 5 S 0k 23O. 33° WW & 3 - T - |
f WH i-\ «™d length., braid on // . lu inches long, buquc head, cjais :^in! a i wool 1_1____^_ S
"f \!j x \l \J > okc ani cuff,, pear. H V~ r^'\ ty curly mohair wig, show- WaiStingS . 1F1 Several de- /rfk _— *_4fe fiS - S
* /u\\ YvJ tu ' t? T* "r s l4 ro 1?i h \ ing tccth ' with shoes and s^ ns and in an excellent $7a5l$ fflSSSFSy— *
1\V\\ ', TZ^:75o WW sto 5 ki "^ J oim K at hi P assortment of colorings. &g?Ssi°$ %
K km V Amoskcg Flannel. |1 and.kne e , worth 35 c. s .^ A _ & BJ^^f .%
* /y \u25a0|U\\ «tte Gowns — Mixed | W Special to-day only, J ar 50c va'ue; to-day only, yard. . 33 Q §*£& S3 ""
E \\? l\\\i ; 8:ripeS ' y ° k? ' TOD 500 yards a 1-wool Striped Tricot, ex- _' %P°Va * ,%
X l> > i l\\\il " ffi and C ° ltr bra5d T JCj .-. eeL'ent quk'ity; to-lay on v, yard. 43C This new flaring X
9t t\/\ 'I utl ' tr 'mrned, -8 , inches . • ' " „ . j^- «,. -Satcjl '
5 SnS3 Bureau Covsrs 17c, Mrs. Pott's lrpns, . aZlo^ ™iL', W *
g UtQ-_ day. %&Bm9jl3 We place on sale to-dav one of the b:st specia's Set Of 3 97 Cm mixed color lapped x^^ft\ '*
Jf Heavy Flannelette. Gowns-Three styles, we have evcroftered in this .department in wcll . knovvn I ron -, in beitrr finish than s - arns finely Stitch- I I
J all the but qua iti 1, w;!l and n=afy trimmed, Dutch Bur.au Covers Mith drawn work conning of y' f^j /A\ JM \ *
I large pari buttons; s P rc : al to-' _ edges, frmged at the ends; tinted in beautital <g^^5y /^^^ three irens, holder and ed and finiSQcd, U\W/ *
g 4>y..... ,-.\u25a0\u25a0....\u25a0•'•?» desg 1S , .uch as Ca .forma Popp.ea.VioIets, ts_^^ .^^ handle; made of high- with silk SCUMche KVTK "5
J - Ternli Flannel Kimonos and HoUJe "-onvenuon.l den S ns and many cthe.j /^^ k grade 'iron, polished ..,-•, J.^, V \\ %
* r«. ,.. *4 en *~ d"% n*% wou d be a good value at 2Cc; . m -_ Vzf . ° , . . , . ' f Draiu, insia: SC2II13 v
g G0WnS -' fg^g-to WO special Wednesday......... -. 1 7C B^Jt b °- d ' * ™« **' i |
A^" '^^^ set — «F ec^ at to - day fectly finished skirt, / L ]t
f \ Witch Nazal 9c. Hose Supporters f^'Tt' A ~\ i
I jQ Wc offir ° n -k to-day . - • f J*F • ' • .... .... 97C ty*™*' T * t
i &*> 800 bottles of Concentrated . Vr r ' V^V, "• c ' U^IOS^Z ~ (Wednesday) -only >,
2° FT T7 V f,,A „(\u25a0 WTW U T_r • 4°° P a « of LadliS S«m B:lt H-s: Support- tS i3fi OWS. jSJ^ »» jm gm am YhL^ *2
I M fT* ° f UCh HaZC ' -, with.frilled elastic sides and rubber but- QrOO^hES 3#f*/ T^ S4*95m -i^~ *5
*>* . &\ * ni] 8-ounce glass-stoppered ton c'as ?; «zts from 24 to. 36 inches wa!st **ru&%~nt£5f anu JL ip-rm^riumm V~ J
K top bottle, guaranteed pure measure} in black, cardinal, light b u: and Bdt PJnS SSGm V7@S' " ~~ ; " 5
$ teST/q^V-- On special sa'e f$* / $^$?*\&?- S ?-" cia ' tSn Wp'nffpr '' acenrt && BOJfS' OverCOatS $
t WM Wedn-sday, P=r botte "-<MWcdn« fl a/) on:y, pair.. . HOC We QHer an aSSOrt" W * %
£ IteM only ' ' — ; ment of Turquoise I /% \»~w^wm *
$ £^d /' Gg^ Lii/UOr Specials. and Natural Pearl MI Overcoats, for <^> |
I SG ° CUr i t-E.t 1 ata- 0 - Cqu a % ,re S uar:y 5 oc pl r StOBC H.t Pin,, Brooch« |H \u25a0 bOySQ-tO^ j
J : . ga'Jon, special to-day 3Q G and Belt Pins; mounted years Only, S
I Grocery Specials. W& M Kl^i M^$ AhM 1
* p».» r»m (ir»nni»t»ri c., rt ,, kock ana \u25a0 Kyj WnisKy — Crysta!lir;d, reeu- . . , ,-J. , I 1 1 I v
5- it-27w22-3vf.ii-5f.IIO l»ry 95 cbc y t:>, special to-da; \ 6 Jc al (Wedns,- the hew green and [I U *
I Java'and Koch, Coffee -Our regular 3 5 c Ab . b f S An^ jtu " Bltters-Reguarly 85c day) only.... jg - Oxford shades;- cut IA.. |\ J
J qua i T ; social to-day, perlb...-. ..29c bott C > ** e ™ [ t^ 7 JO ..•• ***** Mtta long, With A^ / iH .j
*( Catsup — Go'den Rue Brand; to-day, botlc W^m HkbBB* 108 *"" M^^^S to-day (Wcdn;s- vj. *<«
jiliigiilSliS " ®o8«S«ai1feMBe Bazaar. Y i :f>^p JEX I
J to-day, 3 tins . . . 25c CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE $4.68. -— *^*^ v^ j|
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BEMTO CO.
We offer some stock for sale in this m!na at
60c per share. Price will be advanced on No-
vember 15. The money will be used for devel-
opment and to build a furnace, which will im-
mediately enhance the value. Vast quantities
of ore are developed with a shaft 260 feef deep
and 1000 feet of tunnels. We own 720 acres of
JaTii with buildings and machinery. "We -want
you to see this mine. The stock In the Silver
Creek Quicksilver advanced from 10c to $3 per
share and is all sold and issued and will pay
a dividend in a short time.
H. R. BRADFORD.
President and General. Manager.
7 North Market St., San Jose, Cal.
Prospectus and Exhibit Rt Branch Office,
413 KEARNY STREET, San Francisco.
F. DE FREITAS. Agent.
23KSHR£ women
WM^^jS^^KK.'^ Can obtaln renew -
/ /"s3nwEfiSKii3§?^'\ "" vf K° r bv the use of
' JyfSjfflJwS^^v^ V. "^- >r - Plerce's <lat-
v 'f*F* \l\v\ "ELECTBICBB LT"
sod Appliances. Drugs do not cure. Elec-
tricity is the remedy! Buy no Belt until
you see Dr. Pierce" a. for it la the BEST.
Thousands cured!
(E7"Call at office or send a 2c stamp for
new "Booklet No. 2." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. 206 Post St., San Fran-
cisco. Eastern office — 1145 Broadway. New
York.
K /-PATENTS*' j)
MARKET Srfs"F.^£Sy
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I^EARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
\u25a0* modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to *1 60 day;
K to S8 week; js to J20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in every
room; elevator runs all night.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. COt
IjESSIDHI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ftrry. foot of Mark* It :
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a.: m.; 12:35,
S:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and ll:3o p. m. -
SUNDAYS— S:00, 9:30. 11:00 a, m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 6:16 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 8:35 p. m. • \u25a0
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05, 6:25 \u25a0 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive i
San Francisco. | April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I : Sun- I . j Sun- | Week
Days. | days. | Destination. | days, j Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 ami \u25a0 Novato, 10:40 am 8:49 am
3:30 pm[ 9:30 am| Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm| 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
. Fulton,
h 7:30 am • \u25a0 Windsor. :" 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsbjirg, 10:40 am
\u25a0 Lytton.
Geyscrville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|l«:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm[ 6:20 pm
7:30 ami ~" ~" ~ 10:40 am 10:25 am
' '. 18:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm . '6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
• .: and
5:10 pm C:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami . - 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm | 5:00pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pmj 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs arid White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skascs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for -Duncan
Springs, Highland Spring, \u25a0 Kelseyville, Carls-
bad SDrines, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett.
Springs; at -Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Eprtr.gs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, • Lierley's, Bucknell's
Sanhedrln Helsrhts, Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs,' Mendoclno City, Fort :Bragg, .West-
port. ,UsaI. - WIIHts, Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell's SnrlnES, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. \u25a0 ' • • » . .
\u25a0 Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. \u25a0•', »..-••;\u25a0. \u25a0?«.»'•.
On Sundays r»und-trlp tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. \u25a0 650 \u25a0 Market street. Chronicle
building.? - \u25a0\u25a0•- • • - . •- \u25a0 . :-•
H. C. -WHITING. V R. X. RYAN. "
>\u25a0• vj;;' Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
BAHWAY TRAVEL.
THE SHORT LINE
RATE TO
Buffalo
Exposition
ROUND TRIP
» - VIA
SH DAYS TO BUFFALO.
4 DAYS TO NEW YORK.
(4 Hours Ahead of All Competitors.
THREE TRAINS DAILY
PULLMAN AND TOURIST SERVIC3
SPECIAL.
Personally Conducted Tourist Excursion
leaves San Francisco at 8 a. m., Sacramento
at 11:55 a. m.. October 4th.
TICKETS ON SALE
OCTOBER 3d and 4th.
D. W. HITCHCOCK.- General Agent.
1 Montgomery at.. S. F.
Santa Fe Trains
\u25a0 Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
\u25a0 ' Local Llrn'd Ovrl'd Local
. • Dally • Dally Dally
Lv.' San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:lS a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1$ p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:13 a 9:11 p
" Fresno 2:03 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50- p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a ........
" Vlsalia.... 3:40p 4:43 a ........
" Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
". Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
. a. for morning, p for afternoon.
•9 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
.carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday ani
F.riday,
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cara to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. n>.
dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 611 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
;•' .:• ,;, Via Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing September 23, 1901
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL
"WEEK DAYS— 6:53, 8:30. *S;W, n : oo o m
•1:45. 3:15, 4:15, 5:15, *6:15, 6:43 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. . •-
SUNDAYS— '8:00. »10:00. •11:30 a. m n':Ii
3:16, *4:43 . 6:30. 9:30, p. m. : • * ' *
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. L
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— •5:23, 6:27. 7:43. 8:35. 1015
a. in.. '12:25, 2:15,. *3:33, 4:40, 5:30 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on .Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:53 p. m.
* SUNDATS-6:15. »S:0O. •10:00. •11:45 a. m
•1:40, "Z:\5. 4:43. «6:30 p. m. .?.- * .
. Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VACLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
.WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45, 7:55, 8:55, WSO
a. m... 12:35. 2:45, 3:50, 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:13 3-30
5:00. 6:43 p. m. • • .
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
-\u25a0 1:45 p.-m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. v-- •- v. *••_.- •.-,*,-
8:00 a, m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. . .
t Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on i
Sunday time. _ "'."«-- rtIn making this salute you must bear in
mind that you are to salute with the
hand that is opposite to the person you
wish to greet. Thus, if he is to pass you
on your , left, you use the right hand,
and if he .passes you on your right you
must employ the left hand.
It consists ofthese three simple move
ments: .First, when the person is about;
seven paces away: you throw either the
right or the left arm. as the case may. be,
easily and gracefully up in front of you.;
so the upper arm is perpendicular to the
body and the forearm is obliquely across
the body, so that the. fingers touch the
rim of your hat near the front and center
of the face;, the hand is open, the •palm
being nearest the face, and the. J fingers
are close together and slightly bent., with
the thumb hidden by being in front of
the .first finger and nearest, the . face.
Second, you incline s.lightly and remove
your hand about four Inches in front of
your face. Third,, when the person, has
passed you, you straighten up and thro-*
your arm smartly at the side. You may
then continue your walk, possessed of
the gratified feeling" , of \u25a0 having been
strictly "in the mode," and of having
greeted your friend with : a < natural,
graceful, salute. . ,
Latest in Salutes.
RI6HT TO BEAR ARMS— CUizen, City.
The right to bear arms is guaranteed by
the constitution of the United States. That
has been construed to bear arms openly.
The laws or ordinances that prohibit the
carrying of weapons concealed has been
held not to be in conflict with that pro
vision of . tha constitution. The law
against carrying weapons concealed Is
based on the theory that a man who car
ries weapons concealed desires to take un-'
fair advantage of an antagonist or to
commit a cowardly assault. The law
granting permits to carry weapons con
cealed is based on the theory that those
to whom such permits are issued are
law-abiding citizens, who carry arms for
self-protection only.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived at the hotels:
National— Edward H. . A. Meehans of
Berkeley, R. B.' Baumgart of. Los Ange
les, Frank Koehler, R. O. Lincoln,: Cali
fornia. \
St. James— F. N C. Cook. Thomas Thorn
ton and wife, B. J. Miller, San Francisco:
E. A. Curtis, and wife, George T. Lidge
wood, Los Angeles.
GUN AND TRAIN— E. W. B., Milpitas,
Cal. "If a man standing on the rear end cf
a train moving at the rate of a mile a
minute discharged a gun. the bullet from
which moved at the rate of a mile a min
ute in a direction opposite from the train,
would the bullet move from the gun or
shoot any distance?'* is the question
asked by this correspondent. If the gun
wes in proper condition, the powder fault
less and the shot fired, the bullet would
go to the rear as far as the elevation of
the gun and the force of the powder
would send it.
Miss Gotrichkwick-Please. sir. I w \gh
to learn how to eat olives.— Ohio Stata
Journal.
Principal— It is.
Miss GotrichVcwlck— Please, sir, is this' a
training school?
Elsie (aged .1)— Mamma, I want to ask
you a serious question.
Mamma— Well, what is It. dear?
Elsie— Are the sweetbreads made of loaf
sugar?— Detroit Journal. \u25a0 .
"Yia. indade. Mrs. O'Hoollhan. An*
phwy not? He was after gittin' too fat f
worruk."— Philadelphia Bulletin.
"Shure. Mrs. McGoogin, an' is It thrue
yer mon's got a position in the p'lace
foorce?" v 9
"Wouldn't it be better," suggested the
dyspeptic boarder, "to wipe U -cut?"—
Evening Wisconsin.
"If there Is such a thing as a towel
trust." roared the shaggy-haired boarder
"it ought to. be crushed!"
Count that day lost whose low desc«ndlng
sun
Finds Tesla with no novel scheme begun
—Chicago Evening Post. *
"Yes, I can; but when It cornea to half
keeping two. or three policemen alone
with her I won't. "-Philadelphia Bulletin
"You can't seem to keep a hired rirl
Mrs. Baxter." *
Mrs. Dearborn— Do you think marriaca
is always a failure?
Mrs. Wabash-Oh. no! Two or three of
mine haven't been.— Yonkers Statesman.
"What's the matter?" asked Mrs. Rox.
"I wrote to him .the other day that I
thought it would be kinder for me not to
remit the check he asked for. Now he
writes: 'Dear father, I shall never forget
your unremitting kindness.'"—Philadel
phia Press.
"Huh!" exclaimed Mr. Rox, after read-
Ing his morning mall; "our boy'3 college
education is making him too blamed
smart."
"Sure, an' she's in." said Mary, affably,
in answer to the usual inquiry, and start
ed upstairs. Half way up she turned and
rushed madly back, snatched the card
tray from the table, and, holding It out
to the astonished visitor, exclaimed:
"And wasn't I after forgettln* me pan!"
—Milwaukee Sentinel.
The maid had just arrived, and had been
solemnly instructed as to the necessity of
carrying the silver card tray when an
swering the door bell. It was an "at
home" day, and the domestic. In immacu
late cap and apron, rushed to the door at
\he first tinkle. The caller proved to be
the most imposing representative of tha
very upper set.
Mistress— I wouldn't hold the baby so
near the tiger's cage. Nora.
Nora (the nurse) — There's no risk, mum.
Th' tiger is a 'man-eater,' and th' child 13
a gir-rul.— Tid-Bits.
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont!
gomery street. Telephone Main 104° •
,AZ me men l n Performing a duty look a*
"Go Away Back and Sit Dovrix"
It ft said that certain people cannot sins thi.
song, but anybody can go away back East i
sit down in the comfortable trains of lIl8 *•,*..,
Plate Road. These trains carry Nickel Pu,
pining Cars In whloh^are served American Cluh
Heals at from Soc to 11.00 each. Call or Wr? t
lor free book «howin S views of Buffalo F™
American E^csltJon. JayW.''Adam 8 P>
P. A.. 37 Crocker Bld S .. San FrancK c£
WHEEL— E. W. B., Milpitas, Cal. In
The Call of March 13, 1901, there was pub
lished in this department an illustrated
article explaining why the top of a wheel
of a wagon moves faster than the bottom.
You can obtain a copy of that paper by
communicating with the business office
of The Call.
BRITISH DESERTER — Subscriber.
City. The discharge of a deserter from
the British army cannot be purchased.
The deserter must surrender and throw
himself upon the mercy of a court-mar
tial.
LANGUAGE OF STAMPS— E. W. B..
Milpitas, Cal. The language of postage
stamps was published in answers to cor
respondents April SO, 1901.
A. T. J. Revnolds, a rancher of Walnut
Grove, is at the Occidental.
F.-H. Kennedy, a prominent attorney of
Stockton, is at the California.
W. H. Howe,, a prominent merchant of
Nashville, is at the California.
W. H. Clancy Jr., a mining man with
headquarters at Stockton, Is at the Lick.
Benjamin P. Barker, a well-known real
estate man of Livermore, is at the Grand.
A. G. Gassin of San Diego, the well
known politician and capitalist/ is at the
Palace.
John Bakewell Phillips, proprietor of
the Pittsburgh Dispatch and a delegate, to
the Episcopal convention, is at the Cali
fornia.
Rev. George E. Walk, who was former
ly an Episcopal minister in this diocese,
is at the Occidental. He is now located in
Iowa.
Mrs. Thomas Roberts and Mrs. F. L.
Norton, members of the Central Council
of the Girls' Friendly Society of America,
are at the Palace. .
Simon Cassidy, vice president of the
Des Moines Savings Bank and one of the
leading citizens of Des Moines, Iowa, ar
rived here, yesterday, accompanied by
his wife. William Harback, a prominent
young merchant of the same city, is also
with the party. They will remain in Cal
ifornia for several* months and visit the
principal points of interest.* --\u25a0
GIRAFFES IN THE PARK-M. O..
Mount Olivet, Cal. There is not now and
never has been a giraffe in Golden Gate
Park, San Francisco.
PERSONAL MENTION.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
YESTERDAY The Call had again to record an
affray caused by an assault upon a workingman
in the peaceable pursuit of his work. This time
*he assaulted man had not only a weapon, but the
courage to use it, and it was not he who suffered
most from the affray. The affair, however, is deplor
able. Here are two mere men seriously wounded as a
result of the attacks and assaults which are now becom
ing so frequent in the city. The controversy is clearly
approaching the inevitable climax, and if there be not
a vigorous enforcement of the law and an arrest of the
lawless we shall very soon have serious rioting, in
which many lives will be lost.
The men who are now seeking to terrorize the peace
able workingmen of the city are growing bolder and
are relying more and more constantly upon the sup
port given them by the Examiner and its allies. The
incitements to riot which that paper has been publish
ing increase in fierceness and in falseness. Over and
over again these mischief-making inciters to strife call
upon workingmen to resist the police and the law.
The effect of their appeals to the violent and the
lawless is only too apparent. We arc passing from
the period of assaults committed by scattered gangs
to dangerous affrays in which large numbers take
part. Lawlessness is clearly upon the verge of an
open outburst, and yet the yellow journal and its
special commissioners continue to vilify the police,
the city government, the merchants, and, in fact,
every law-abiding element of the community.
In one of the inflammatory articles published in the
Examiner of yesterday and written by one of its
special commissioners it was said: "There is a secret
body of wealthy men unknown to the constitution
and above the law who have full power over an armed
force of about 1289 men — a fair-sized army. * * *
This army holds the city. No man is safe., from it.
JBy night and day attacks are made upon peaceable
citizens; unoffending wayfarers are shot down in
the public streets. * * \u2666 Never did the tyrants
of Greece, never did the despots of the medieval
cities, never did the Czar of Russia dare to deal with
their subjects so."
Statements of that kind, wild and silly as they are,
have yet a potent influence when addressed to men
already inflamed against the law and ready to strike
at any point where they believe there is a chance to
inflict an injury without getting hurt themselves. The
appeals may not be deliberately designed as incite
ments to riot, but they unquestionably have- that ten
dency. They are poured out day after day as incen
tives to action on the part of all who are opposed
to the law, who are antagonistic to the police and
who would turn the city over to riot and pillage if
they dared to do it.
In the face of the repeated assaults and affrays the
supporters of the lawless elements have the effrontery
to assert that the city would be peaceable were it not
. for the police. . They declare that the city government
and the business men are responsible for all the blood
that has been shed in the numerous attacks that have
been made since the disturbances began. The object
of all these falsehoods and slanders is to hold the law
ful authorities of the municipality up to the scorn of
the violent and the vicious.
It was just such falsehoods directed by the Exam
iner day after day against McKinley that led to his
assassination. From equal causes there will follow
equal effects. We have had assaults and affrays. Are
we now to have assassinations and riots as a result of
the teaching of the Examiner and its allies?
To the Mayor as the chief magistrate of the city
the people look in this emergency. It devolves upon
him to protect the workingmfcn of the city from the
strikers who assail them, and to so strengthen the
police that the lawless cannot assail it .with impunity.
HASTENING TO THE END.
THE automobile writes its autograph on the faces of Its
devotees just as legibly as football, six-day cycle
contests, golf, a lunatic asylum or the Eastern peni
tentiary, says the North American. Football, it Is well
known, brings about a facial resemblance to a bat-eared bull
dog; cycle contests mark the face with deep lines and give the
eyes a tendency to pop out. Golf gives the face a right to
left inclination. The automobile face, in its first stages, is one
in which fear that the thing will break down is mingled with
apprehension that there will be a collision at any moment.
There is a tremulous, uncertain pursing of the lips j and an
anxious look in the eyes. In the racing, or incurable stage,
there is little of the face left.
On the head Is a cap such as Dutch students •wear, horse
blinkers with glass at the eyeholes cover the upper part of the
countenance, and a close fitting hood encircles the ears. cheek3
and neck. For the very worst of the species there are nose
and mouth fenders, to make breathing possible when soing
sixty miles an hour.
THE AUTOMOBILE FACE. AS SHOWN IN THE ILLUSTRATION, IS BY NO MEANS A THING OF BEAUTY. IT
IS THE FACE ONE SEES WHEN THE CHAUFFEUR, GOING AT GREAT SPEED. FEARS A BREAKDOWN
OR A COLLISION. -
WEDNESDAY................ OCTCJBER 2, "1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
AcSrtM All Ccnmcnieatio&s to W. 8. LEASE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Frew* «JO4
rCBLICATloar OFFICE... Blnrlcet nnd Third, S. F.
Telephone Press SOI.
«
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Preiia SO2.
After recalling Hearst's statement that "bar one" McKinley "is the most despised
and hated creature in the hemisphere, his name is hooted at, his figure burned in effigy,"
the New York Sun says for the American people: "They remember and they do not for
give Mr. Hearst. All over the country there is a bitter feeling against him. It is use
less for him to put an onion to his eyes and boohoo. He now occupies the place which
he assigned to that gentle and generous statesman whom he loved to slander. The de
scription needs but one slight modification. 'Bar none' Hearst is now 'the most de
spised and hated creature in the hemisphere. His name is hooted at/his figure burned.'
And what an incalculable public misfortune it would be if this were not so."
The Jersey City News says: "The crime of Hearst is not the censure of McKin
ley. We believe the Jersey City News has spoken of the President on innumerable occa
sions in terms of severity. * * * The difference is that the New York Journal ap
peals to the knife, the pistol and the bomb for,remedy. Our appeal is to public opinion,
to public discussion and to the ballot. While we endeavor to rally the people in the
names of Jefferson, Jackson and Cleveland, the Hearst organs hold up Jack Cade, Marat
and Robespierre as heroes and exemplars for patriotism. These papers have repeatedly
dared glorify the excesses of the French Revolution and have, printed articles in direct,
open praise of assassination, with plain intimation that it was applicable to the evils of
our own da}'. No,} it will not do for Mr. Hearst to try to evade his responsibility. He
is a preacher of riot, loot and assassination. John Most has never gone further. Let
the people see him as he is and judge him and his papers."
The Perth Amboy Republican says: "Mr. Hearst deliberately makes his great
newspapers vehicles of falsehood, agents of destruction. He is like a quack who offers
some deadly opiate as a panacea for all namable diseases, well knowing that the drug
will paralyze the mind and the will and inevitably create in its victim a demand for more.
When Czolgosz comes to the electric chair let it. not be forgotten that the real culprit is
not the unbalanced, weak degenerate who held the pistol, but William R. Hearst, of
whose teachings the -act was the legitimate outcome."
Referring to Hearst's style of journalism the New Haven Leader says: "The de
mand for the suppression of this pernicious influence is universal. Relentlessly, inde
cently, outrageously, the yellow journals have denounced every man in public life and
have sought to increase circulation by the crudest and most indecent cartoons, supple
mented by red ink headlines, editorial vituperation and persistent, constant effort to ar
ray-mass against class and arouse the worst passions of mankind. The time has come
when this kind of journalism can no longer be safely tolerated, when the good name of
this nation demands that such debauchery of public principle be stopped and stopped
forever."
Dealing with the Examiner's reply to* the indignation of the people the Amador
Ledger says: "Its only.^defense is that it is 'the paper of the people.' What people? Its
columns show only too clearly the kind of people it^io the mouthpiece for — the Mosts,
Czolgoszes, and anarchists generally. Its villainous system of cartooning and vilification
has done more to weaken the respect for law and good government than the ravings of
a score of out and out anarchist . lecturers. And its' conduct at this crisis— when the mal
edictions of the American people against journals of its stripe are being heard on every
hand — only deepen the public contempt." \ ,-\u25a0'••
The Ukiah Republican.-Press says: "Looking tack over the history of the past
seven or eight years, the fact stands out prominently that the yellow newspapers have
been fanning the spirit of anarchy. Their business is to sell newspapers. by methods of
sensationalism and playing upon the basest passions of mankind. They receive as news a
simple fact and proceed to surround it with a mass of glaring fiction and startling sur
mises. They represent the idea that the Government and -social system are diseased to
the core." , ." ' . . 'V- -
The LOS Angeles Times says: "The widespread movement which has been begun
by the decent and sdf-respecting portion of the American people against the slimy and
traitorous sheets. published by that pervert and degenerate, W. R. Hearst, is a righteous
movement. It had its origin in the horror and reprobation which every/ American heart
feels because of the act of the assassin Czolgosz, and because of the vile and venomous
influences which have-been permitted to work their ends, culminating in the most atro
cious crime which has been committed in the history of the republic."
The Arcata Union in commenting upon the claim of the Examiner. that it is "an
American newspaper for the American people"' says: "That paper taught that McKin
ley was a menace to human liberty, and the pitiful assassin believed he was carrying out
the will of the people when he took his life. But now the insincerity, and dishonesty
of this yellow sheet- become apparent.'. Immediately after his death whole pages are
taken up in. praise of McKinley. He is placed- upon a pinnacle beside Washington and
Lincoln and lauded to the skies as the foremost statesman of trie age.. * * * The
'she fiend' Goldman, who incited the crime; is at least consistent and defies public opin
ion by expressing her, utter indifference to the dastardly act. Czolgosz glories in his act
and welcomes, death, believing that he carried out the teachings of Goldman and the
The MarySVille Appeal says: "The public has a short memory as a rule, and in
time the Examiner may win its way back to favor to ? an abbreviated extent. But it is
losing heavily all round just now, and iHs to be hoped that the good work will con
tinue until the 'Anarchearsts' have been taught such a lesson that they will never a^ain
fly in the face of public decency." / T
The New York Press says of Hearst's reply to his critics: "And so having put in
your defense 'human,' .animated,' 'entertainhig,' 'light word,' 'funny,' you are goin<* to
resume the. humanity; the animation, the entertainment, the lightness and the fun. For
you do not propose that the mere assassination of the President by one of your disciples
shall make of your merry journalistic life a gloomy graveyard. Assassins may people
our graveyards with public men, murderers may hasten our Presidents to the tomb an
archists may play at -bowls with the skulls of our chosen servants, but yellow journalism
will not cease its 'human' incendiarism, its 'animated' .license, its /entertaining' incitement
its 'light' crime breeding, its 'funny' anarchism. Now. that the funeral is over you will
resume. But you willjnpt. * * * You will not resume if "the American people re-
Such is the general tone of the comment with; which Hearst's defense published
in his three papers has been met. The voice of the press of the East and of the West
attests the fact that the condemnation of the yellow 'journals was not a mere spasm of
wrath which would pass away as Hearst supposed in a few days. On the contrary, that
indignation is the outcome of long years of disgust with Hearst journalism, but which
found no adequate expression for itself until .the assassination of- McKinley roused the
whole people to vehement denunciations of the common enemy of law, society, religion
and government. ' ";^ _"' \u25a0;. ':£££ --^V ;.":.. ;f.; : : : '* ; .. - ; ' " / \u25a0 ' -
The Coming (N. Y.) Journal says: "The yellow journals which have for years ven :
omously vilified and cartooned President McKinley are . now seeking to escape public
wrath by praising him. They have done their best to inflame the public mind against
him, and have really incited his murder. To arrest a contemptible cur like Johann Most,
a New York anarchistic editor, and allow immunity to William R. Hearst, the proprie
tor of the New York Journal, Chicago American and San Francisco Examiner/ is an ab- 1
surdrty. The assassination of the President is one of the direct fruits of .the anarchistic
teachings of Hearst's vile trjo of yellows."
. ThejChicago Journal says: "That some great evil or calamity must follow the in
cendiary journalism ; of W. R. Hearst was always obvious.. What would be the character
of the blow, or upon whom it would fall, could only be a matter of conjecture, and no one
even dreamed that the late President who so clearly possessed the affections of the
people could become a victim. And yet in the retrospect of the course Mr. Hearst has
pursued with his three papers it now seems logical enough that President McKinley
should be the bright and shining mark for hatred and discontent, for malice and'anarchy
W Y EARST'S defense of himself has now -been' before" the American people long
I I enough for its effect upon public sentiment to be noted. In no quarter has it
1 I "produced. any change in the tone of popular sentiment except to strengthen in-;
"*\u25a0 \u25a0"\u25a0 dignation against his lying journals and increase public disgust .with his shame
less effrontery and hypocrisy. Ample evidence to that effect is shown in the, continued
utterances, of the press of all sections of the Union denouncing yellow journalism and,
its "crocodile tears/'-
THE 'SPIRIT OF THE PRESS.
THIS IS THE NEWEST OF FACES
IT BELONGS TO THE AUTOMOBILIST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1901.
SUMMER RATES in effect at Hotel del. Coro
nado until December 1. Ticket. to Coronado
and return, including 15 days' board and room,
sea. Inauire at 1 New Montgomery st_ .
MOSQUITOES— H." T. M., Crystal
Springs. Cal. The larvae of. the common
mosquito are bred from eggs laid in stag
nant water and can .always be differen
tiated from other water insects by the
peculiar" habit of rising to the surface tail
first and floating there, darting toward
the bottom at any. disturbance. They
come to the surface for air. the breathing
apparatus being in the tail. Any pond,
however stagnant, can be kept free from
these pests by keeping" the surface cov
ered with oil. A very small quantity
poured on the water -will soon diffuse
itself over the entire area and in. a very
short time will kill. every "wiggler" in
the pond. The oil clogs the air holes of
the wigglers and they die in convulsions.
\ UNMARRIED WOMAN'S RIGHTS—
Settler, Susanville, Cal. The act of Con
gress approved June 6, 1900. provides that:
; "Where an ' unmarried woman who has
heretofore settled, or may hereafter set
tle, upon a tract of public land, has im
proved, established or maintained a bona
fide residence thereof, with the intention
of appropriating the same for a home,
subject to the homestead law, and has
married, or shall hefeafter marry, before
making entry of said land.- or before
making application to enter said land.
she shall not, on account of her marriage,
forfeit her right. to make entry and re
ceive patent for the land; provided, that
she does not abandon her residence on
said land, and is otherwise qualified to
make homestead entry; provided further,
that the man whom she marries is riot at
the tim6 of their marriage claiming a sep
arate .tract of land under: the. homestead
law "' '" '
Just now the cut of men's clothes so
much in vogue because It is intended to
give a man with any sort of shape, or
even no shape at all, a military, athletic
looking appearance has introduced wifh
it a new way of. greeting your male
friends. It is a sort of modification of
the military officer's salute, and Is very
easy to learn and makes a distinguished
and graceful, salute, i
It is also the very latest, and so, if you
wear your clothes cut In the latest
fashion, you of course must not neglect
learning it. ' .'
6
THE following deadly editorial appeared in
Hearst's New York Evening Journal on
May 22, 1 901 , less than six months be-
fore President McKinley was shot down
by a pupil of yellow, journalism:
"What is an anarchist?"
"According to accepted definitions, issued
by the higher classes of society, an anarch-
ist is one who tries to do something useful
that has never been done before.
"There is a change coming some day,
whether the gentlemen who denounce char-
ity as anarchy want the change or not."
WHAT IS AN ANARCHIST?
IN connection with the recent assassina-
tion of President McKinley will the Exam-
iner please teil what it meant when on
Februarys 1900s it published, from its
Washington correspondent, the following:
"The bullet that pierced Goebei's chest
Cannot be found in all the West;
Good reason. It is speeding here
To stretch McKinley on his bier."
WHAT DOES IT ALL MEAN?
A-MUSESIENTS.
f _ __— .
Tiroli— "Carmen."
California— West's Minstrels.
Grand Opera-house— "The Merchant of Venice."
Columbia — "Florodora."
Orriheum— Vaudeville.
Central— "Kidnaped."
Alcazar— ••Liberty Hall."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenins.
Fischer' b— Vaudeville.
Alhambra Theater— "The Brownies In Fairyland." Satur-
day afternoon.
gutro Baths — Open nights.
AUCTION SALES.
By 3 .3. Doyle— This day. at 11 o'clock. Busies, Horsem.
etc.. at S27 Sixth street.
By S. Watkins— Saturday, October 5, at 11 o'clock, Horsas,
at corner Tenth and Bryant streets.
By O. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday. October 7. at 12 o'clock.
Crocks Estate Properties, at 14 Montgomery street.The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Curacao will be due to-day from Mexican
ports. i
Thursday the Tucapel will sail for South
and Central American port, while the
Sierra will get away for the Australian
colonies.
"Water Front Notes.
The Panama Rallroad^Company's char
tered steamer Enterprise 'Sfrived from the
isthmus yesterday. Captain Miller was
sick during part of the voyage, but Is
now as well as ever. His wife and
daughter accompanied him on the run.
The Enterprise was purchased for the
Hilo trade, but was chartered to carry a
load of barley to Panama. She may be
sent down again with another . cargo of
grain. She brought up a full cargo pf New
York merchandise and a number of steer
age passengers.
Steamer Enterprise Arrives.
Notice is hereby given of the following
changes in the aids to navigation In this dis
trict, which affect the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901.
Coos Bay— Channel across the bar to Em
pire and MarshHeld. page 43. Lone Tree shoal
buoy No. 10>4, a red, second-class spar (form
erly Lone Tree shoal buoy red and black
horizontal stripes), was moved September 9,
1901, into twelve feet of water on the follow
ing bearings. Russell Point (S tangent), NE
V, E; Pony Point (NE tangent), SE by E %
E: Pony Bend beacon light, SW % W (Wiy).
Lone Tree shoal buoy No. 1V4, a black, sec
ond-class spar was established September 9,
1901, in twelve feet of water on the following
bearings. Russell Point (S tangent), NE % E;
Pony Point (NE tangent). SE by S; Pony
Bend beacon li*ht, SW % W.
Columbia River, main ship channel from
Astoria to Tongue Point, page 62. Wreck of
Sllva de» Grace buoy No. 4. a red, first-class
nun, was moved June 7, 1901, about 200 feet
E NE of its former position, without appre
ciable change in bearings.
By -order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAT.
\u25a0 \u25a0 Commander, U. S. N.,
- Lighthouse Inspector.
Notice to Mariners.
OREGON.
Southern California, San Jose, Del
Monte, Monterey, Santa Cruz, Big Trees,
Santa Rosa, Napa, Sacramento, Marys
ville, Stockton, Fresno, Bakersneld, the
Yosemite— every important point, every
leading resort reached via the Southern
Pacific, which offers low excursion rates
to holders of Episcopal Convention ex
cursion tickets and accompanying friends.
Free literature at 613 Market street.
Southern Pacific Excursion All Over
the State. '
The records of this board will disclose that
Professor Lyser has repeatedly preferred
charges asrainst some of the oldest and most
experienced, teachers In the department, which
upon trial have not been sustained.
George O. Mitchell, the teacher in the
Girls' High School, who was cited to ex
plain.why he had not paid a $300 tailor bill,
appeared and promised the board that he
would settle the bill at once. He thus
escapes suspension under the rule impos
ing that penalty on teachers who do not
pay their just debts. \u25a0'
Attorney S. V. Costello filed a petition
signed by the parents"of all the pupils in
the John Swett School under the tuition
of Miss Mary C. McKinney, against whom
charges have been preferred by Principal
Albert Lyser. The parents certify that
they are entirely satisfied with the
progress made by their children and re
quest that Miss McKinney be retained in
her position.
In answer to Lyser' s charge that the
mind of Miss McKinney is in such an ab
normal condition as to make it impossible
for her to' sustain amicable relations with
the other teachers, Costello says that Mrs.
J. H. Erikson is the only teacher with
whom Miss McKinney is not friendly.
He adds that there are eighteen teachers
in the school. Coatello pays:
The first appointments from the new
eligible list of teachers were made yester
day by the Board of Education, which
elected Miss Elizabeth B. Moore and Miss
Cecilia H. Gilchrist to succeed Miss Helen
Crocker of the Reddin? and Miss Elinor
Murphy of the John Swett School, both
of whom resigned. The first named two
stand first and second respective'ly on the
list.
Parents of Mies McKinney's
Pupils Request Her
Retention.
School Board Fills Places
of Two Teachers
Resigned.
APPOINTS FROM
ELIGIBLE LIST
Sun, Moon and Tide.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 1— Stmr Pasadena,
from i-an Pedro.
Sailed Oct 1— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Sept 29— Br bark Lyn
ton, from Tacoma.
KOBE— In port Aug'25— Br stmr Lincoln
shire, for Pugret Sound. *•.
CALLAO— Sailed Aug 12— Br ship Eudora, for
Port Townsond.
CENTRAL AMERICA— Sailed Sept 13— Ger
stmr Neko, for Hamburg.
MELBOURNE— Sailed Aug 2— Br ship Anau
rus, for Coronel and Oregon. 12— Br ship Clan
Buchanan, for Newcastle and San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived Sept 27— Bktn Newsboy,
from Port Hadloek. v
HAMBURG-Arrived Oct 1— Br ship Carra
d-ile, from Tacoma; Fr bark Magdalene, from
Astoria.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct 1— Stmr China, he
Se;u 12.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 1-Stmr Ethiopia,
from Glasgow. :
Sailed Oct 1— Stmr Servia, for Liverpool;
stior Cymric, for Liverpool; stmr Crown Prince
Wilhelm, for Bremen.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Sept 21— Stmr Guern
sey, from Vancouver.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 1— Stmr Australl
sian, .from Montreal; stmr Buenos Ayrean, fm
Montreal via Glasgow.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 1— Stmr Waes
land. from Philadelphia for Liverpool.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Oct 1— Stmr Pennsyl
vanian, from New York via Plymouth for
Hamb-.irr.- * - * : ' \u25a0 .
GENOA— Sailed September 21— Stmr Herogot,
for San Francisco.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Oct 1— Stmr 'Graf Wal
den=ee, from Hamburg for New York..
MOVILLE— Arrived Oct 1— Stmr Anchorla,
from New York for Glasgow, and proceeded. \u25a0
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Oct 1— Stmr POts
dam. from New i York.
USHANT— Passed Oct 1— Stmr Kintuck, from
Tacoma and Seattle via Coronel and St. Vin
cent, for United Kingdom or Continent.
TRANSPORT HANCOCK BOUND FOR MANILA WITH RECRUITS AND SCHOOL TEACHERS INFORMING THE
, OFFICERS AND PASSENGERS ABOARD THE THOMAS OF THE ASSASSINATION OF PRESIDENT Mc-
KINLEY. THE TWO GOVERNMENT VESSELS MET OFF THE FARALLONES: YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.
Steamer Movements.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
thfc height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 2. '
Sun rises 6:06
Sun sets ..., 5:5J
Moon rises 9:18 p. m.
. iTIme I Time Time . Time
Date I Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
1H W L W • H W L W
~2~~.. 3:01 4.8 7:45 2.6 • 2:01 5.8 8:56-0.3
3... 4:09 4.7 8:49 3.0 3:00 5.7 10:06—0.2
4 ... 5:19 4.7 10:05 3.2 .4:04 5.4 11:14 0.0
5 ... 6:27 4.7 11:29 3.2 5:16 5.1
L W H W L W H W
6 ... 0:19 0.1 7:25 5.0 12:48 2.7 6:85 5.0
7 .. 1:15 0.3 8:15 6.2 1:51 2.3 7:46 5.0
8... 2:06| 0.5| 8:56 5.3[ 2:44 1.8 8:50 5.Q
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of, tho
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights, given are hi
additioti to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
TO- ARRIVE. (
Steamer. . .From. j Due.
Crescent City.. Crescent City Oct. 2
Aberdeen Humboldt Oct. 2
Pomona. Humboldt Oct. 2
Curacao. Mexican Ports Oct. 2
Columbia Portland & Astoria Oct. 2
Arcata......... Coos Bay Oct. 3
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 3
Memphis Seattle Oct. 3
Asuncion Seattle Oct. 3
Kvarvenl Portland Oct 4
Point Arena... Point Arena Oct. 4
Empire.... Coos Bay Oct. 4
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports.... Oct. 4
Mackinaw Tacoma Oct. 4
Matteawan.... Tacoma Oct. 4
Mandalay...... Coqullle River Oct. 4
Eureka Humboldt Oct- 4
Argyll New York via Panama Oct. S
San Pedro Humbolat Oct. 5
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Oct 8
Edith Seattle ." Oct 6
North Fork Humboldt ...Oct. 7
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports Oct 7
Arequipa. Valparaiso & Way.PtB. Oct. 7
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Oct. 7
Coptic.......... China and Japan ..Oct. 8
Corona...; Redondo & Way Ports Oct.. 8
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. | Pier.
October. 2. t
Coronado Seattle direct 5 pm Pier 2
Norm fork.. Humboldt 12 m Pier. 2
October 3. j
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
Corona :. Redondo & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Walla Walla Puget Sound Pts.. 11 am Pier »
Sierra Sydney & -Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
October 4.
Pomona Humboldt "... 1:30 p Pier 9
\ October 5. - \u25a0 . •• \u25a0 ,
Empire Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Arcata........ Coos Bay & Pt Drf 12 \ m Pier 13
Peru China & Japan 1 pmlPMSS
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24
October 6. • I •
Kureka/. Humboldt ...'.. fl amlPier IS
Santa Rosa.. Sari Diepo & Way 9 amlPier 11
. :• October 7. |
Point Arena.. Ppint Arena J pmiPier 2
Memphis..... Hamburg & "Way. Pier —
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
October 8.
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier \u25a0 9
October 0. . •
San Pedro.... Humboldt ..10 am Pier '2
October 10. 7 5 ;v
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & "Portland 11 am Pier 24
. FROM SEATTLE. - N
Steamer. . From. Due.
Humboldt...... Skagruay & Way Ports. Oct. 8
Queen -... Nome direct...... Oct 3
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. \u25a0 6
Farallon. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 5
Dolphin. fckaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 6
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. S
Bertha Valdez and Kodlak.... Oct. 10-
Al-Ki... Skaguay &. Way Ports.|Oct.' 10
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, October 1.
U S S Thomas, Buford, 26 days from Manila,
via Nagasaki I9»'z days.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, 35 hour3 from Re
dondo.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, 60 hours from New
port South.
Stmr Enterprise, Miller, .19 days fm Panama.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, October 1. .
Fr schr Papeete, Martin, Tahiti; L Martin,
master.
SAILED.
Tuesday, October 1.
U S S Hancock. Struve, Manila.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Signal, Bendegaard, Eureka.
Stmr Acme, Lundrjuist, Albion.
Simr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle.
Bark Edward and May, Hansen, Oyster Har
bor.
Fr bark Marechal de Villars, Rioual, Queen-s
town.
Sehr Occidental, Luberg, Eureka.
Schr Mary Buhne, Dannevigr, Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Oct. 1, 10 p. m.— Weather
fosgy; wind calm.
SPOKEN.
Sept 10—9 N 26 W, Br ship Clan Maspherson,
from Newcastle. Ens. for San Francisco. \u25a0
Sept 9—6 N 57 W, Fr bark Ollvre de Clisen,
from Cardiff for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
NEW YORK, Sept 30— Ship Iroquols reports:
Sept,S. 18 50 N 53 W. had succession of hurri
cane squalls, carrying away mizzenmast 20
feet above deck and main topmast; stove port
life boats and other damaee. Seot 26 and 27
had hurricanes, carrying away main lower top
sail and main topsail staysail; lay to 28 hours
under foresail, main spanker and lower topsail
LONDON. Oct 1— Fr bark Dupleix, from Sari
Francisco May 1 for Queenstown, was spoken
Auk 13 in lat 26 S, partially dismasted.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT. TOWN SEND— Passed Oct 1— Bark St
James, from Seattle for New York; schr Enter
prise, from Nome for Seattle; stmr Humboldt,
from Skasruay for Seattle.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 1— Stmr Humboldt,
from Skafiruay. -
NEAH- BAY— Passed In Oct 1— Nor stmr Tl
tanla, hence Sept 27 for Nanaimo.
SEATTLE— Sailed SeDt 30— Stmr Asuncion,
for $an. Francisco. Oct 1— Jap stmr Kama
kura Ma'ru, for Yokohama.
REDONDO— Arrived Oct 1— Stmr Robert
Uojlar. from Whateom.
COOS BAY— Sailed Oct 1— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Seat 20— Slmr Empire,
hence SeDt 27. . '..
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 1— Stmr Dlriso, for
Skaffuay; stmr Umatilla, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 1— Stmr Alliance, for
Eureka.
POINT LOBOS— Passed Oct 1, 7 p m— Stmr
San Mateo. from Port Los Angeles for . Na
nalmo. /
\u25a0 SAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct 1 — Stmr Santa /Bar
bara, for Eureka.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrived SeDt 30—
Stmr City of Para, from Honolulu.
Sailed Oct 1— fc'unr Alcutraz. for_San Fran-
ClECO. «£$»*«>< -W. % >."\u25a0• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.*-.'-- \u25a0'
Best Time of Year to Go East.
Start October 3 or 4 and return In December.
Full particulars regarding Pan-Am»rican Ex
cursion tickets, which ccst only JS7 for the
round trip, at the Santa Fe office. 641 Market
etreet.
Fullers Settle Their Differences.
The f=uit for maintenance Instituted bv
Emily T. Fuller against George H. Fuller
r>as settled out of court yesterday and
the action dismissed.
The Aurora will load lumber at Tacoma for
Shanghai, 50s; the Uundaunted, lumber at
Chemainus for Cape Town, 64s; the Brussels,
barley here for United Kingdom, owner's ac
count.
'news of the ocean.
There were two deaths during the voy
age from Manila and one during the run
down. On September 24 Virgil D. Moss of
Company G, Twenty-second Infantry,
died and A. Muller of Company B,
Twenty-fifth Infantry, passed away the
next day. On \u25a0 the way down Walter
Brinkley, a waiter, died of peritonitis.
Generals Sternberg and Weston and Con
gressmen Kahn and Shafroth have been
on a tour of inspection in" the Philip
pines. All of them are in the best of
health and are jubilant over tho condition
and extent of Uncle Sam's new posses
sions.
From Nagasaki — BriKauier General G. M.
Sternbcrp and wife. Brigadier General J. F.
Weston and wife ami the Misses Weston, Hon.
Julius Kahn, Hon. J. F. Shafroth and wife.
Major J. L. Powell, Mrs. J. T. Nance and
son, Mrs. J. S. Parke and two children. Lieu
tenant Clyde S. Ford. Dr. Abram D. Williams,
Miss Emily Friton, Miss A. A. Hanburry, Mi&s
Bessie Hannay and Richard L. Creamer.
The Thomas was lcoked for last Sun
day, but owing to heavy weather and
other circumstances it was late yesterday
afternoon before she got in. She sailed
from Nagasaki on September 12 and was
therefore two days overdue. She brought
over a hundred cabin passengers, forty
four sick soldiers, ten men transferred to
other regiments, eighty-nine discharged
soldiers, forty-three civilians, eight men
of the Hospital Corps an* twenty-three
stowaways. A number of the passengers
remained over at Nagasaki, but the fol
lowing came home in the cabin:
General William A. Kobbe. Captain F. W.
Kobbe. 1 Lieutenant W. Harper, Lieutenant H.
W. Stamford. Lieutenant O. L. Spalding. Ma
.ior R. K. Evans and wife, Mrs. C. R. Xoye&,
Colonel A. A. Harbach, Mrs. F. H. Sparreh
berger. Dr. O. L. Davis, Dr. A. W. Dumm,
James S. Lewis, Dr. A. G. Gruuwell, Llsu
ttnant M. T. Barlow, Dr. L. J. Perkins, Dr.
C D. Noble. Captain P. E. Tripp. Captain John
W. C. Brooks, wife and daughter; F. L. Stock
ing, wife and three children; Lieutenant H. M.
Merrlam, Dr. E. A. Anderson, Mra. A. B.
JefferB and mother. A. H. Quarles, Mrs. George
R. Harvey, the Misses Anderson, Fred Cruse,
Mrs. J. L. PowelL Mrs. R. W. Osborn, Cap
tain B. B. Buck, Captain J. H. Bonestcel,
George L. Harris. Osborn Dlgman. John Beig
tnan. Lieutenant William R. Taylor, Lieutenant
H. G. Brees, Lieutenant C. B. Humphfey, Lieu
tenant A. J. Dougherty and wife, Mre. L. L.
Roach. Misn M. E. Norton. Dr. J. A. Collie
and wife. Dr. R. C. Macey, Lieutenant Dan
T. Moore. Dr. J. M. Lowrey. Dr. H. E. Allen,
Lieutenant John McBrlde, Lieutenant James K.
Parecns. Lieutenant Thomas A. Vicars, Lieu
tenant (I. H. McMamiR, William Keller, Lieu
tenant John B. Murphy, Chaplain P. J. Hart,
Mrs. J. M. Sholtz. Lieutenant J. I. Boyle.
Captain W. J. Lutz, Major R. L. Bullard, wife
and three children: F. W. Lloyd. T. F. Cullen.
Mrs. T. J. Stedman, Dr. Graham, E. Henson
and Carlisle P. Window.
hand and is now wearing the uniform of
Uncle Sam's transport service.
THOMAS MADE SLOW TIME.
Among the passengers on the Han
cock was Miguel de Gamo. a Filipino, who
came here as a stowaway. As he had no
money and no means of support the Gov
ernment sent him back home, much
ap-ainst his will.
One of the transport's crew was Robert
Arthur Maeondray. He shipped as a deck
hand a few hours before the vessel sailed
and is now qualifying as an A. B. It is
only a year ago since young Maeondray
was married to Miss Madge Richardson
in this city. Their honeymoon was spent
in Japan and the young couple had a
splendid time. Four months ago Mrs.
Maeondray sued for and obtained a di
vorce on the ground of cruelty. Love's
youns dream was over and hard work
was the only thing left for the husband.
He decided that his vocation was the sea
so he shipped on the Hancock as a deck-
Colonel E. S. Godfrey. Ninth Cavalry; Pay
nii.-ter Major Hugh U. Belknap snd wife.
Major O. K. Hoin. Major H. L. Haskell. wife
and set-vani: Major Hobert Burns, Major It. J.
C. Irv;ne, Major F. de la Carringum. Captain
H. M. llallock. wife and child; Captain Henri*
J. Hunt. I/eutenant H. fc'. Wygant, First Lieu
tenant Mack Richardson, Captain T. S. Htew
ait and son. Paymaster F. O. I'yne and wife,
Lieutenant James E. Walker. Mrs. W. K.
l'ulliam, t'.vo <--hi!dren and sister; Suigetn Vic
tor C. B. Mears. Mrs. H. D. Urn nth, Mr*.
Morten K. Rugers. Mrs. James P. Stevenson.
Mro K. K. Day. Miss K. R. Goode, Miss Bessie
K. Patten. Mr*. J. D. Robinet and child, Mrs.
Jitnts O. McKay, Mrs. G. P. White and two
children, M;-s. J. G. IVorklger. Mrs. V. L.
Curve*. L. 11. AlUn, L. B. Souihcrland and
wife. Arthur O. Stivers, William G. Vandever,
Cfcptain \V. W. Hart. Captain J. J. Curry,
Bterbcn J. Harvor, paymaster's clerk. I*. S. N. ;
Mjs. W. J. fihorta.IL Mrs. J. J. Dowson, Major
Loughbcrough. Lieutenant Klmball, Lieu
tenant Bupplee. Sergeant Thornton Morse,
Mrs. J. W. Iialrd. Mrs. Burr Allen.
Mrs. H. P. Whitniarsh and child. W. L. At
wat-r, Elnur J. Kinne and wife, Kmil K.
\u25a0V\cise, Jncknna A. I>uc. John S. Leech. E. E.
Gassier Milton L. Roberts, wife and child;
Trcd a". Aadereon. Edward Wagner, wife and
child: r. I-. Powers. Charles L. Latnman, Mll
ton E. Uousfre. Jerome Kendall. W. C. BoothbV,
L.. I*. CarnCs.
arrlvcl from the islands with dis
chorircd and sk-k soldier:?, beside some
notables. The two vef?els passed each
otht-r off the Farallor.e< and exchanged
signals. The Hancock informed the
Thomas of the death of President McKin
!ey and the flags on the incoming trans
port were at once set at halfmast.
Among those who went away on the
Hancock -.vere:
THE United States army transport
Hancock failed for the Philippines
yesterday with Recruits and a few
school teachers.' while the Thomas
STANFORD I'NIVERSITY, Oct. 1.—
The students and faculty gathered In the
assembly hall to-night to take part in the
exercises in commemoration of the open
ing of the university ten years ago. On
October 1, 1S91. Stanford University was
formally opened to students for the first
college year. Senator Stanford, President
Jordan. Martin Kellogg and others ad
dressing the meeting^ which was held in !
what is now known as the inner quad- I
rangle.
The Drayer to-night was offered, as it ;
was ten years ago. by Rev. Robert i
Mackenzie. The same sonps were sun? ;
and Scriptures read as at the opening
exercises in 1891; in fact the programme
\u25a0w;as made to conform a? nearly as pos
sible to that rendered at the dedication of
the university.
President Jordan said in part:
Ten year* a*ro to-day the students and fac
ulty of Lel&nd Stanford Jr. University met
to Inaugurate a new center of higher educa
tion In California. There was m^ney and
hope, flowers and sunshine, ifc.. glories of
nature and the glories of" architecture. The
one question na*. Shall we have students?
The population of the coast was scanty, less
all told than that of the city of Chicago. It
had already an honored university and no
visible place for more.
The New York Mall and Express notified
ue that there was as much room for a new
university in California as for an asylum for
brokendown sea captains in Switzerland, and j
the professor? were told that for years they j
roust "lecture in marble halls to empty :
benches." If indeed there should be any need I
oX benches in thete hails, in which they would '
'erve only to disfigure the architecture. The j
first entrance examination offered little r.ore
Micouragement. It was held on the porch of
Ksccndite cottage. Three candidates were
jreeent, two mc-n who failed, and one woman, !
MIes Longley of Mountain View, who passed— I
the first student admitted to Stanford. !
Lest we should provide a feast for those j
who would not come it was agreed to limit !
the faculty at the beginning to fifteen besides j
the president, the registrar, who also taught
economics, the librarian. Professor Woodruff,
who could also teach Jaw. and Hert Fesler, i
who taught the hipher law in Encina Hall, j
After these there was a wa!t;n«c list .^f as
sistants who oou'd come it" wanted. U,?Fides |
two heads of departments. Professor Stillmnn j
end Professor 'iVarner, who were to arrive at '
Christmas. Then President White of drneH.
la more ways than one the good frif-n.1. th-; i
rood angel of the institution, one who has j
never los-t faith 'in its present or its future, j
for he saw in it$ growth his own best idu
rational ideas made actual— President V.'hite |
f greed' to come as lecturer on the French
Revolution. \u25a0
Four hundred and i-ixty-five students --vero
in attendance on this !irst <iay of Octobsr, i
jfSl. They came from almost every Htato in
the Union, from Europe. China and Japan. '
About a hundred received advanced standing. .
The reft formed the famous pioneer olas:;. th-i •
class cf 1SSE. the class which already rprr.inds
us that there were giants in those days wh?n
the world and the university were yountr.
And with th» presence ...f the students «e
found our just reason for Wing. Th- work
began in serious, hopetul earnestness. It Is
going on' to-day, and it will go on. we be
lieve, so long as civilization shall endvre.
Oxford, founded by Alfred the threat, has a
thousand years the start, but this dees net
discourage us. for we have kej.t up with it.
The new university rides en the shoulders of
the old and the lessons of tho thcusar.il vcars
belorg to us Just p.s much as to old Oxford.
One lesson of these ten years is ours and
ours alon*. It is the le«son of faith and
fidelity; faith in the future und»r Ood'« \:?l\>, ,
and fidelity to a trust under the most dis
fiuraging conditions.
There is BOt one of us who realizes thp tre
trer.flous nature df the obstacles encou-urred
by the university in the yt-ars from ISJI to :
T'S6. the years of financial panic, of wanton
liiigaticn. the times of depression and <!if- :
tress, which descended like a prison Rate on
en institution prepared only far h;if«e and i>ro- |
rrt-FE. There was but one thin? which bcuM
rave th*- Institution, the unswerving devotion
dt the sur^ivir.ff fourder. To doubt rr falti-r
was to r^rish. and in th* most trying times
no such words cere found in her vc.-abuiRry.
To her there must always l*e a way. The
pood Lord would provide it. And always tlj«
•nay -nas found and th<" -aniversity d>»dicHt(>d
to her beloved son has never closed its •loors
ewe opened. Ry the noble generosity of th»
'tiuriders and the help of him who doeth all
things well, these doors shall never be closed
so Song as one stone shall remain ui>on an
other.
Special Dispatch to Th# Call.
Services Conform to Those
Held on the Opening of
Fint School Year.
Stanford's Faculty and
Students Celebrate
Anniversary.
TENTH BIRTHDAY
OF UNIVERSITY
THE SAN FEANCISCOGAL^; WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER :2, 1901.
Hancock Sails for the Philippines Just as the Thomas With Many
Notables Aboard Gets In After a Rather Slow Trip*:
TRANSPORT CARRYING SOLDIERS
ARRIVES WHILE ANOTHER DEPARTS
The schooner Onward,' built at Coqullle
for C. F. Doe & Co. of this city, was
launched yesterday.. She is intended for
the lumber trade.
7
IJraL TALCOnr I
| A DAMAGED PR05TATE I
|] As a Factor in So=CaIled "Weakness" I
1 Cannot Be Too Highly Emphasized. I
Q Assuming that the functions of the Prostate Gland, so-called neck of the |
M bladder, are understood, it should be apparent that when damaged through |
|| lorg continued and too often repeated excitement or contracted diseases, that P
ta 3isordered function must result. The first symptoms pointing to this pros- I
B tatic disorder are referable to the reproductive system. It is first noticed |
f| that patients suffering from this disease are embarrassed by Prematureness. I
fj This is invariably followed, sooner orvlater, by loss of vitality and power, H
£•1 together with all those symptoms known as "Weakness." The most common H
H form of damage to the gland is congestion, of more or less severity, which B
|i finally becomes* localized as prostatic catarrh, and if this catarrh once be- H
Q comes chronic, then various nervous symptoms arise, which are known to B
fl t'hyslclans as Neurasthenia, or exhausted nerve force. The greater number E
rj of patients suffering from this so-called weakness are healthy and robust B
g men in every other respect, men who. possibly; have been treated by tonics, g
H electricity, etc., for a weakness which, if the above has been made clear, will \u25a0
§j be understood never to have existed. Some years ago we called the attention H
E of the medical profession and others to the fact that the above well defined m
E symptoms were not weaknesses, but results of inflammation, and that drugs §2
I could not cure, but procedures directed toward repairing the damage, always m
I proved successful, was known as the "Talcott Theory." A recent number of n
R the Medical News pays us a pretty compliment In saying, "It la no longer H
r a theory, but a fact," and the profession have now adopted the Talcott I
I Prostatic Dilator and Urethal Suppository Depositor as a necessity in the H
|p v/ i~\ tx. i v_> kj v_> cl is el • H
I Varicocele is an enlargement of the most vital blood vessels in man. In |
B their normal condition their function is to carry off waste material, thus B
I enabling the organs to receive fresh nutrition. Owing to the breaking down B
I of the valves, caused by the paralysis of the muscular coat of the veins, they H
I become dilated and local stagnation of the blood follows. The vital organs. K
I being deprived of their proper quality and quantity of nourishment. Impaired |
I function is the result. Statistics prove that per cent of the male population |
& are afflicted with varicocele in some stage of the disease. We guarantee to |
I cure varicocele in one week at our office, or four weeks of home treatment, |
\u25a0 without use of knife, caustic or ligature. We have cured over 8000 cases K
I* without a single failure or unpleasant result. We invite correspondence and B
jji the fullest investigation of our methods, and can refer to cured patients if B
I desired. Colored chart of the organs sent on application. n
j 997 Market Street, Ent a p3r Cor, of Sixth. \
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
J lv^ si W c furnish homes, Hats, 1 B^ J JaAte5S^ ;
j||^|' hotels and rooming-houses |
/^\u25a0al!llfi>% complete. We have all the ;ki$||f^^§S§
?|?iS5|HjF latest designs in fur-
fl'ii^iS^l niture > carpets., cur-
III QllllH ta i n s and draperies ***
. imjiB^ and will gladly give F et|e art USSEL " \
' SSS^tffiST'ESS you an estimate. < " f£ A f5 b fr£ i
drawers and Ger- •
1 man plate mirror.
( ' v F?3pc^rig*zzz^=f.> Credit if you wish it, and tree
M delivery witnin ioo miles. We
|>>^;^^^^^-d close at 6 except on Saturday.
p^w# i • Driiiioiii
FURNITURE CO,,
klhuronbed" 338-342 POST STREET,
4-4 wide; only '. Opposite Union Square.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
I CALIFORNIA I
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF
THEM ALL"
Everything that tends to
speed, comfort, pleasure and
luxury unlimited. $87.00
Buffalo and Return. October
3 and 4. Reserve berths for
this famous train at 641
Market Street.
}
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE
SANTA FE
®VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church I and their
followers. Positively cure th<»
worst cases In old and young
aritlng from effects of self-
abuse.disslp&tion.excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfitness to Mar
ry. Loss of Semen, tmm -^ Varicocele or Con.
ttipation, Stop Ner *5 t# ous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are X^i^rm Immediate, Im-
part vigor and pote CEnT9 aC y to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cur* Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; S for
12 SO by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis st..
Can Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 38
and 40 Third at.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF ANATOMY*
9 Cfe 1051 HASH! ST. t8t.6:k*7Si.S.P.CU./
\ ,BT The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
M «» JT.ni World. Weaknesses or any contracted £
V Sea ICN *sea« positively cared by the oldtit f
0 leHI Specialist on the Coast. Est 36 years. ©
A fl«¥f j[ OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ y^SJlsajfl Connultation free »nd strictly private. \
g M JrXVg ft Treatment personally or by letter. A A
\ B W MM Potitivt Curt in every case undertaken. \
mP I II 0 Write for Book - pbilosopiy *r A
V * [1 ll 1 * nAnRIAGE, MAILED FREE. (AT
\ A /I. valuable book for mrn) \
V OK. JOBDAK A CO., 1051 Market St.,S. F. f
<2£jl>»S^ INJECTION. • . I
i| A PERMANENT CURE f
j 1 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea 5
? and Gleet, guaranteed in from -3 to 6 5
5 days ; no other treatment required. 5
1 1 Sold by all druggists, >
\A/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATT0BHSY-AT-L1W.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 821 California st.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1501.
nj| Pr nnifll Corne r Fourth and
UHFL IIU IHL^o^v-is
valises checked free.
"t AMUSEMENTS.
"Packed from stalls to coon --pit "—San
Francisco Post.
-EVEN BETTER THAN LAST TEAR."
\ ...TO-NIGHT...
•And All This Week— Matinee Saturday.
America's Most Notable Minstrel Organization.
\A//V\. H. WEST'S
BIG • Hi^Wnss
MINSTREL £ e I rtec7iv y
JUBILEE. .Rented
SEATS NOW READY.
Next Sunday Night—
HERRMANN, the Great.
IN NEW AND MYSTIFYING ILLUSIONS.
\u25a0 SEATS THURSDAY. \u25a0 ,--\u25a0•-\u25a0
&ES.ASCO ***» THALLS f j5*jflH&
4/ttittt city tuu
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK!
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Production of the Powerful Melo-
"KIDNAPPED"
Replete with emotional Interest, superb cli-
maxes, realistic situations, amusing comedy.
PDIPCC Evening* 10c, 15c. 25c. 35c. 30c
1 IUV/LO Matinees.... 10c. 15c, 23e
Next Week-"BEACON LIGHTS."
CHUTES ANJDJZOO SyS25£?
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
MOVING PICTURKS OF McKINLEY
• AT THE" BUFFALO EXPOSITION.
TO-MORROW NIOHT^THE AMATEURS
AND A LADIES' OBSTACyE RACE.
Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
TO-XIGHT AND EVERT EVENING THI3
WEEK.
In Shakespeare's Great Play,
THE MERCHANT OF VENICE.
JOSEPH HAAYORTH as SHTLOCK.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 13c. 25c. 50c. 75c -
Good Orchestra Seats. AH Matinees. 25c
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Next Week— Joseph Haworth in "HAMLET."
CULUmjSSA lhtheatbe
SEVEN NIGHTS EACH WEEK!
MATINEES SATURDAYS!
2J ?! "TACT." "WHEN I
MUST A FEW I* leave town."
I <iF THR "TELL. ME. PRET-
icr*ii>- hYtc. I TY maiden.".
SONG HITS: I "i want to be a
S3 MILITART MAX."
THE MUSICAL TRIUMPH!
PRETTY, WITTY. DELIGHTFTJL!
AGLOW WITH LIFE AND SPARKLE! •
Seats For Nest Week Ready To-morrow.
Curtain Rises at 8 sharp, account of Length
of Performance.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
TO-NIGHT. Friday. Saturday,
LAST TIMES OF
CARMEN.
Thursday and Sunday Nights and Saturday
Matinee. .
CAVALLERIA
AND .
/ FACL1ACCI
"Masked Ball"— (Next Week)— "Nabucco."
POPULAR PRICES— Kc. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
\u25a0
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY. OCT. 2).
Parquet, any seat. 25c; balcony, 10c; children,
any part excent reserved, 10c.
Vaudeville's Leading Lights!
Wilfred Clarke and Co., Boyce and
Wilson, Madge Fox, Arnold Gra-
zer and Blanche Trelease, The
Svengalis, Press Eldridge, Parros
Brothers, Dorothy Morton and tha
Biograph.
A DECIDED SUCCESS.
THE NEW ALCAZAR STOCK. ' j
Every Night lhis Week,
R. G. Carton's Play,
"LIBERTY HALL."
New Scenery. Unique- Stage Effects.
Seats— 13c to 75c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week— "TOO MUCH JOHNSON."
ALHAMBRAJHEATER.
• RETURN OF THE FAVORITES.
GREATER THAN EVER.
THE BROWNIES
. IN FAIRYLAND.
200— Professional Children on the Stage— M0
50— New and Original Specialties— 50
t;vREAD THE DATES.
Saturday afternoon, Cict. 5; Saturday night.
Oct. 5; Sunday afternoon. Oct. 6: Sunday night,
Oct. 6; Monday night. Oct. 7; Tuesday after-
noon, Oct. 8;. Tuesday nighj. Oct. 8.
Reserved seats on sale at Sherman. Clay &
Co.'s commencing Monday morning. Sept. 30.
See the prices: Matinees— 10c. 25c (no higher).
Nights— 13c. 25c and 50c (no higher.)
PI^rHFT?'^ CONCERT HOUSE
*lDL>niln O Admission IOc.
The Gagnoux. Richards and Relyea. Robert
Nome, Sara Holdsworth. Lynton and Wilde,
Agnes George and Hlnrichs' Orchestra.
Reserved Seats, 23c. Matinee Sunday.
' OPEN NIGHTS
X SUTRO BATHS.*
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m. .
admission, ioc. Children, sc
Bathing, Including admission, 2Sc r Children, ZCo.
PALACE HOJEL.
For a quarter of a century thess
hotels have been the headquarters ot
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter- •
tained on the American or European
plan._^
GRAND HOTEL.
WeeMy Can S1.00 dbi Year
B KATSCHINSKI
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
A LADIES' SHOE.
Comfort, Common-Sense
and Style Combined.
The swell dressed ladles of to-day
are not afraid to wear heavy sclcd
shoes, for fashion has decreed that
the heavy soles are correct. Wo
therefore have comfort, common
sense and style combined. Winter
is rapidly approaching and we have-
had a ladies' shoe specially built
to fit all requirements. Finest box
calf lace shoes, -.with broad c6in
toes and tips, double soles and mili-
tary heels, will be sold for $2.00 a
pair. Sizes 2^ to 8, widths A to EE.
Viscolized $3.50 Shoes
For men are saturated with Vlscol
oil and/are absolutely waterproof,
, : neatly/' made \u25a0 and strictly i up to \u25a0
date. x
Alaska Seal $3.00 Shoes
For men have been \u25a0 thoroughly
tested and proven waterproof. We
guarantee every pair.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
We have •' no branch stores nor
traveling salesmen.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD 'STREET.
San Francisco.Continued on Page Eleven.
WHEAT-Recelpts, 177,600 bushels; exports,
24.2C5 bushels. Spot, weaker; No. '2 red 75&c
f- o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 74%c; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 75%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Du
luth, 80>/4c t. o. b. afloat. Options opened easy
under large October deliveries and big re
ceipts, steadied with corn, but in . the last
NEW YORK. Oct. 1.— FLOUR— Receipts,
24.400 barrels; exports, 8110 barrels; dull; easier
with wheat.
Nezu York Grain and' Produce
CHICAGO, Oct. 1.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Grapes — Cornlchon. single crates, 90c@:$l 10,
average $1 07; Malagas, single crates, 85c@
$1 23, average $1 IS; Tokays, single crates, $1 25
@ 1 60, average $1 40; Muscats, single crates,
$113. Peaches— Strawberry Cling, boxes, 70c;
Salways. boxes, 35@60c. average 63c. Nine
cars sold to-day; weather dry and cool.
• NEW YORK, Oct. 1.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Grapes— Tokays, single crates, $1 60. Pears-
Winter Nells, boxes, $2 35@2 40, average $2 37;
P. Barry, boxes, $2. Peaches — Salways, boxes,
B5@70c, average 62c. Twelve cars sold to-day;
weather dry and favorable.
BOSTON. Oct. 1.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day and
realized the lollowlng prices:
Peaches — Salways, boxes, 7O(gS0c, average 73c;
George Late, boxes, 65(?f;70c, average 67c; Crim
son Beauty, boxes, 63@-70c, average 63c. Five
cars sold to-day. Weather dry and favorable.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Oct.' 1.— CATTLE— Receipts, 5000;
including 10C0 Texans and 1500 Westerns. Mar
ket steady at Monday's basis: no fancy here.
Good to prime steers, $6 1006 SO; poor to
medium, $4@5 90; stockers and feeders, $2 25@
4 25; cows, $1 23@4 63; heifers, J2@5; canners',
$1 23^2 25; bulls, $1 75@4 75; calves, ?2 &0@(J GO;
Texas steers, $3(Q4; Western steers, $3 75@
5 35.
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 24,000; to-morrow,
26.C00; left over, 4000 head. Market dull and
15@25c lower. Mixed and butchers', $6 S0@7;
Rood to choice heavy, $6 70@7 10; rough heavy,
}6 3S(S6 60; light, J6 60<§6 80; bulk of sales,
J6 60@6 73.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000. Market for sheep
low; lambs mostly 10c lower. Good to choice
wethers, !3 50@3 75; fair to choice mixed, $3@
3 40: Western sheep, $3@3 40; active lambs,
$2 50@4 75; Western lambs. $3 4<Xj?4 40.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. Oct. 1.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 3000. Market steady to weak. Na
tives, $3(56 30; Texans and Westerns, ' $2 j55@
6 90; cows and heifers, $1 40@5 10; bulls and
stags, J2(t(5; stockers and feeders, $1 65® 4 10.
HOGS— Receipts, 8000 head. Market 10@15c
lower. Pig6, steady. Light and. light mixed,
$6 7D@6 S5; medium and heavy, $6 77V>@7 05;
pigs. $5@6 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3100 head. Sheep active
and steady; lambs slow and steady to 10c
lower.
New York Metal, Market.
, NEW YORK. Oct. 1.— Tin' in London fell off
15s to-day as a result of liquidation, which
closed the market easy at £111 for spot and
£109- for futures. Locally a decline of 25 points
occurred and the market was weak at the loss
but trading was slow. At the close spot stood
at $24 25..
Copper in London was a shade firmer. Spot
was quoted at £63 12s 6d and futures at £63
10s 6d. Here the market was dull and nom
inally unchanged.
Lead was without change locally, but closed
Is 3d lower abroad. Spot, $4 ZVfi and £11 17s
6d in London. *
Spelter ruled inactive. » but steady, at old
prices at New York, but values at London
were reduced 2s 6d to £16 15s. :
Domestic iron markets were unchanged.
Nezu York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Oct 1.— Cotton futures closed
steady, net 3@5 points higher.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. Oct. 1— There has been a fair
business in wool here this. week, but the de
mand is quiet, with values held on a firm
basis.' The entire absence of speculative.trad
ing continues. While the demand for. territory
grades Is not so active there . have been some
lair sized sales reported, while full prices
nave 1 been maintained.. There has not been
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUSEDAY. Oct. 1-2 p. m,
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. BH , t
4s quar coup..H2V*l!3 Is qr c (new) 139tlV4nV"
is quar reg....ll2',4113 si quar roup'ffilMt'I
MISCELLANEOUS °^ iuJ '*
Bay C P C 5s.l06>4106»i Oceanic SS 5s 103 —
Ed L & P 6s.. - 131% Pk & Cl H u.v* _
Fer & C H 63. - - Pk & O R feu -
Geary-st 5s... — - Powll-st R «,. _ _
H C & S 5%8. - - Sac E G R si 95 _
Do os ........ 97% — S F & SJV 5s. 120 —
Los Angr R 5s. — 116H Sierra Cal 6s — —
L A LiKht 6S..10114 - S P of Ariz to
Do gntd 6s.. 100 — (1909) n"v. _
Do srntd 5s..— — (1910) * n^ij:
LA & Pac 5». - 102% S P of Cal to*
Do 1 c m 5s. — — (1903) Ser A irfixi
NevCNGTs. - - \w$ }?2 "
"iS^T 113 SPofCafiit ~
K^PaVc-^Z S^CaU^ Z
Oak Gas 5s. . ..1U m I& 4s. 'zd 'm'm% *
2& lir s tsA - stktn 6 ~ £ ™ z
WATER STOCKS.
Cpntra Costa.. 75 76% Port Ccsta *> «s
Marln County. 58 - Spring Valley" Ik S v
GAS AND ELECTRIC
Cent L & P... — _ Pacific Light V 47
Equitable 3% 4 Sacramento . - %
Mutual 4% 6tf S F G & E. 43s; rr-
Oakland ..... 50% 51 San Francisco.' iK V
Pac Gas Imp. - 40 Stktn G i E a _
INSURANCE.
Flram's Fund. 240 |
BANKS. '
Anglo-Cal :... — 80 LP&A i-a t«
California ....40? - Mer Ex iiirt" i«
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1S33 - Sax & Loan. _ _
Humboldt .... — — Security *r—
Mutual Sav.... 57 — Union Trust"iSoo "".
San Francisco. 522U — *"»«-. iwo _•
STREET RAILROADS
California .... — 132%,O S L & H in
ar y — 50 Presidio ....!.'! 34% IT
Glant — - » -- iVigorit j^. 4H
g an »,; 5% 6 KHauea lou nv
Hawaiian — 50 Makawell . 24* "*«•
Honokaa 9% _ Onomea'. _ $**
Hutchinson ... 14% 13 Paauhau . I" W'4 u
NEW YORK. Oct. 1.— The lively interest in
to-day's International yacht race took many
Stock Exchange members away from the board
room and still further diminished the volume
of trading. The day's aggregate sales were
barely 300,000 shares, and the fluctuation of
prices was .very narrow for the most part:
The exceptions worthy of special note were
in the industrial list and among the dormant
and less important railroad stocks. Liquida
tion in Sugar was the feature of the market,
following a sharp break in prices yesterday.
The usual lack of information regarding the
movement was one of its features. The room
traders joined in the selling in an attempt to
make a quick return -and their covering
caused a rally of a point. The stock's ex
treme decline was 4>,i. The gossip to account
lor the decline included rumors that the in
siders were liquidating on apprehension of a
change in the sugar tariH at the coming- ses
sion of Congress or of unfriendly, legislation.
Other rumors had it that Insiders who had
sold at recent high prices were depressing
the price to get back their stock. The gen
eral ieeling or distrust of the blind pool meth
ods of the great industrial corporations, which
liad reached an acute stage since the recent
episode In Amalgamated Copper, was a factor
In Sugar and in a number of other Industrials
There were declines of lVi@2 points in Brook
lyn Transit. Colorado Fuel, National Salt pre
ferred. General Electric and American Ex
presa. The waiting attitude of the market
was partly due to expectations of dividend
action on the United .States Steel stocks and
the presentation of a promised financial state
ment. The non-appearance of this as the' 'ses
sion drew toward its close emphasized the
weakness of the industrials. Amalgamated
Copper was rather firm, rising a point, then
losing It and then stiffening to the b»>st
Aichison was quite notably firm and gained
a point on rumors that the directors would
increase the semi-annual dividend rate to 2
per cent at a meeting to-morrow. There were
other Hrm spots in the railroad list and the
funeral undertone was rather firm on a be
lated recognition of yesterdays important re
cuperation of the money market resources bv
receipts of Australian and French gold The
aCt !° n of the market was hesitating and un
certain throughout.
The railroad bond market was dull and !-
regular. Total sales, $l,400,CC0
United States refunding 2s advanced W per
cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
.» »., * Sales. Hig-h. Low. Close
Atehjson i 3tS0o 7S% 75% Teii
Atchison pfd 2.200 95% 95 v i/
Baltimore & Ohio igj 101 101 in$
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. .. i m
Canadian Pacific ..£*
Canada Southern 4,200 si" «"*«?»•
Chesapeake & Ohio S00 45 44V !?v
Chicago & Alton 600 3714 «« \3
Chicago & Alton pfd * 36% 2f*
Chi Burl & Quincy \] " .
Chicago Ind & Louts... 200 4ii£ Wl) '.'."
.Chi Ind & Louis, ex-dv. 100 73 %k* 21
Chicago & Eastern 111 ':,.
Chicago & Great West.. 2,000 22% mi 99
Chi & Great W A pfd '" I*
Chi & Great W B pfd... 100 45 45" \~ Ti
Chicago & Northwest -iqo
Chicago R I & Pac '200 141 140U 14m/
Chicago Terminal & T.. 4.R00 2H4 20 20&
Chicago Ter& Tr pfd... 9.700 40V4 38% ss^
C C C & St Louis 200 9G4 9374 %*
Colorado Southern 600 'm 13« ni'
Col Southern 1st pfd _„ riii
Col Southern 2d pfd 100 25 25 21S
Delaware & Hudson .. 1,100 165>4 163^4 165W
Del Lack & Western *. 220V4
A T ezv York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
*-- — — *
On the morning- session of, the Bond Ex
change Gas and Electric was lower at $44 25$
44. and Paauhau at $10 50@10 25. Business waa
very dull. The oil stocks were quiet and un
changed.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric was still
lower at $43 75.
The Market Street Railway will pay a quar
terly dividend of 60c per share on the 10th
The Giant Powder Company has declared" 3,
dividend of 73c per share, payable on the 10th
The following were ex-divldend yesterday
Sacramento Gas, 15c; Oil City Petroleum Uc :
Hanfbrd Oil. $1; California Title Insurance S
per cent.
The delinquent sale of the Snake River Oil
Company and that of the Pleasanton Oil Com
pany took place yesterday.
The following were ex-coupon yesterday
United States Government 4s, 1907 S3 4?s =a<<-
Geary Street Railroad 5s. 1920 $16 773- Ha"
wallan Commercial and Sugar Company 5i/»«i
1916. os. 191S } -. ; Los Angeles LigMfngComl
pany as. 1924. — -; Los Angeles Pacific Rail
road Company of California 1st consolidated
mortgage 5s. 1931. $5000; Northern Railroad Com
pany of California 5a. 1938. $118,775; San Frapl
Cisco and Ran Joaquin Valley 5s 1340 SSOOOoo-
Southern Pacific Railroad Company of Call
fomia. ,«erles A and B. 6s. $TOS.525- Southern
Pacific Branch Railway of California 6s. 13™
California Fruit Sales.
STOCK MARKET.
Stocks of Grain.
ProiTne* Exchange Grain Inspector Steller re
ports stecks cf grain on wharf and In ware
house October 1 as follows. In tons:
Wheat. Barley.
Port Costa, September 1 6S.5C8 43,13b
Stockton, September 1.. 41.131 21,247
City. September 1 1,232 2,101
Port Ccsta. October 1 73.135 52.670
Stockton. October 1 60.104 26,2%
City, October 1 1,134 5,273
Oats. Com. Bran.
September 1 4109 171 48
October 1 460S 139 «
The receipts in September were 61.496 tons
barley, SS54 do oats, 277 do corn and 1274 do
bran.
Exports of Flour and Grain.
FLOUR— Exports of Flour from this port
during the month ~ot September were 10S.S13
bbls, valued at $331,664. against 43,272 bbls, val
ued at 5144,734 In September, 1900. Since July
1 th>se exports were 320,779 bbls, valued at
fS70.723. against lCT.,lSg bbls, valued at $333,700
during- the satve period in 1SKX>.
WHEAT— Exports of Wheat durlnp the month
were 4S1.8S3 ctls. valued at $478,441, against
2S2.SS4 ctls, valued at $31S,201 in September.
. 1&00. The exports since July 1 were 93o.Go6
ctls, valued at J923.S52. against 1,043,146 ctis.
valu-.d at $1,117,104 in 1300.
BARLEY— Exports of Barley during the
month were M2.943 ctls. valued at $783,633,
against 297.627 ctls. valued at $386,368 in Sep
temb?r, 1900. Since July 1 the exports were
1.350,015 ctls, valued at $1,233,982, against 1.23S,
017 ctls, valued at $1,139,2S9 in 1300. %
Exports of Wine and Brandy.
WINE— Exports of Wine by sea during Sep
tember were 274,276 gals and 421 cs. valued at
196,193, making the total exports since January
L 3.616.S1S gals and C55 cs. valued at S1.222.26S.
BRANDY— Exports of Brandy during the
month were 6 cs and 222 gals, valued at $365,
making the total exports since January 1, 33 cs
and 26"3 s^als, valued at $2636.
Exports of Quicksilver.
Exports of Quicksilver in September were 334
Casks, valued at $15,076, making the total ex
ports since January 1, 441S flasks, valued at
$1S6.I£5.
The Weather and Crops.
The repcrt of A. G. McAdie, section director
of the climate and crop service of the weather
bureau, for the week ending Monday is as
follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The temperature has been considerably be
low normal in all sections during the week,
but the weather has been generally pleasant
and favorable for fruit drying and late crops.
Light rain has fallen throughout the State,
and there v.as quite a heavy fall of snow in
the mountains east of Fresno on the 23d.
Grain thrashing and hay bailing are still
progressing in many places. Reports received
at this office do not show any considerable
damage to grain and hay by the rain of last
\u25a0vveck, although exposed grain in sacks and
unbaled hay in some sections were slightly
Injured. There are no reports of serious dam
age to beans and hops. Bean harvest Is pro
gressing favorably, with good results thus far.
Hops are all gathered and baling is nearly
completed; the yield and quality are about
average. Sugar beets are yielding more than
an average crop in some sections. Late veg
etables and pasturage were greatly benefited
by the rains.
Raisin making and fruit drying are pro
gressing rapidly, though temporarily delayed
by the rain on Tunday. As ample warnings
had been given, fruit trays were generally
stacked and but little damage resulted from
the rain. In some of the northern vineyards
there was some damage to grapes, which had
commenced cracking badly. Walnut picking
bad commenced. Citrus fruits are In excel
lent condition.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY. — Cool, clear
weather continued after the rain of last Mon
day, followed by light showers Sunday. The
cool weather was bc-neficial to grapes, which
have not, fo far as reports indicate, been
seriously injured by the rains. There are
no reports of damage to grain and hay. and
it is not probable that the light ra!n of yes
terday injured these crops. Pasturage and
late vegetables were considerably benefited by
the rains, and in pome places the soil was
Foftened sufficiently for seeding summer-fal
low. Hops are all fathered and baling is
nearly complttfd in Yuba County. Oranges
are in excellent condition. The Sacramento
River rose one foot at Hed Bluff as a result
cf the ram last Monday.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.-The rain of
last week caused considerable damage to
grapes, grain and hay in some of the north
ern counties, but crops were not materlally
injured in the central and southern <*>unties
At Peachlar.d the rainfall up to the ">6ih wai :
1.2S Ir.ches, and grapes were cracking badlv
Dried fruits and ralsir.? were mostly under
cover before the rain. Grai«? picking is pro
presEin*: rapidly. Exceptionally fine apules
are being marketed in Humboldt County and
the yield Is abundant in all the northern dis
tricts. Prunes and crapes are light crops in
the vicinity of Califtoga, but prunes are of
large size. Hop picking is completed in So
noma County. Beans and susar beets are
yielding eood crops. Gr^Jn thrashing and hav
baling will not be completed for several week's
in San Benlto County.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.— Light rain fell
penerally over the valley Sunday night and
Monday, but the danuge to drying fruit was
very light. As ample warnings had been
Kiven nearly all of the raisins on the trays
had been stacked and the grain was in the
varehouses. " The remaining portion of the
we^k was cool and somewhat unsettled, preatly
retarding raisin drying. A large portion of
the flrst crop is ready for the sweat boxes.
A gTeat many grapes are going to the wineries.
Teach and prune orops are about all har
vested. The sweet potato crop is being- har
vested. Imports from the mountain region
east of Fresno show that three or four inches
of snow fell on Monday, which retarded lum
bering. In 6ome portions of the valley plow
ing and seeding grain are progressing. Feed
anl water are plentiful and stock. of all kinds
are dclnff well.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— Cooler weather
has prevailed during the v.eek, with heavy
fops along the coast Grain thrashing and
hay baling are not yet completed, but pro
gressing; rapidly. The hay crop is above aver
age in some sections. Barley is heavy, but
of poor quality. Bean harvest is progressing.
The sugar beet crcp is heavier than usual.
Corn le about average. There is a heavy crop
of tomatoes, excellent in quality. Potatoes
are looking well. Walnut picking is progress
ins. Citrus fruits are In excellent condition
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Cool, foggy
weather continues. Fruit drying is retarded;
con«j damage. Almond harvest continues ;
fomewhat delayed. Favorable reports of citrus
crop. Growing fruits and vegetables are fair.
EUREKA- SUMMARY.- Rain caused marked
taproveiaent ln pasturage. Bean thrashing
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening 5714 5 8%
Closing 5 7% 5 8%
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 2100 2190
Closing 20 95 21 75
.Flour— ,
Opening 27 20 23 00
Closing 27 20 27 95
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1.— Special cable and tel
egraphic advices received by Bradstreet's show
the following changes in available supplies,
as compared with previous accounts:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase, 3,049,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, Increase, 400,000 bushels
Total supply, increase, 3,449,000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase, 601,000 bushels.
Oats. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase, 365,000 bushels.
Foreign Futures.
Is further delayed. Peas, grapes, tomatoes
and unbaled straw somewhat damaged. Soil
Is In good condition for plowing.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 1-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka. 64; Mount Tamalpais, 59; Independ
ence, 64; Red Bluff, 74; Fresno, 74; Los An
geles, 72; Sacramento, 76; San Luis Otoispo, 70;
San Diego. 70.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
67; minimum, 54; mean, 60.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were received from Eastern stations:
Boston, 80-50; Cincinnati, 70-52; Philadelphia, -
80-51; Washington. 80-52; Jacksonville, 82-72;
New York. 7S-54; Kansas City, 86-66.
THE COAST RECORD.
~ g 2 o w -a
| SS %l &3 *E I
STATIONS. 3 |3|3^a £o «\u25a0
I i B j I I? r I
: ; ; •
Astoria 30.02 68 64 W Clear .00
Baker 30.08 76 42 XW Clear .00
Carson 29.84 72 34 N Cloudy .02
Eureka 30.00 61 52 NW Clear .00
Fresno 29.92 74 54 E Cloudy .00
Flagstaff...* 30.10 72 40 E Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello. Klaho... 30.02 80 44 W Clear .00
Independence 29.9S 64 50 SW Pt Cldy .32
Los Angeles 29. 9S 72 50 W Clear .00
Phoenix 29.78 100 66 W Clear .00
Portland 29.98 78 48 NE Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.94 74 54 NB Pt Cldy T.
Roseburg 29.96 71 46 NW Clear .00
Sacramento 29.94 76 54 W Pt Cldy .0(1
Salt Lake 30.02 80 52 NW Clear .00
San Francisco 30.00 66 54 SW Cloudy .00
San LuisObifpo...30.02 70 4S S Pt Cldy T.
San Diego 29.98 70 58 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.04 70 42 N Clear .00
Spokane 30.16 70 32 NE Pt Cldy .00
NeahBay 30.04 58 44 E Clear .00
Walla Walla 30.12 70 44 S Clear .00
Wlnnemucca 30. 02 78 44 NE Cloudy T.
Tuma 29.78 96 60 S Clear .00
Temperature 7 a. m.. 55 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours over Nevada and North
ern California. Unsettled weather prevails
generally over Eastern California and the
Sierras. A thunderstorm is reported at Inde
pendence and high northwest winds are re
ported in the Nevada desert. The temperature
has risen about 16 degrees at Sacramento and
has fallen rapidly over Nevada. In the great
valleys of California the temperatures are
slightly below the normal, and conditions are
unfavorable for raisin making and fruit drying, i
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty I
hours ending midnight October 2: j
Northern California — Cloudy Wednesday, with
light clearing up showers in the foothills; light
northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday except
showers in the foothills; light westerly winds.
Nevada— Showers Wednesday, warmer; high
northwest winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Wednes
day, fresh southerly changing to brisk wes
terly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
$3 5004; Broilers, $3(?3 60 for large and $2 23©
2 75 for small: Pigeons. $1 25(31 50 per dozen for
old and $1 75<&"2- for Squabs. \u25a0 .
GAME— Doves, per dozen. $1 25; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits. $150 for Cottontail and $1@1 23 for
Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter rules, firm and dealers report the mar
ket cleaning iip better, even at the advance.
The reverse is the case with Eggs, which are
quoted slow of sale, though stocks of fresh
are not heavy. There are plenty of cold stor
age and Eastern offering, however.
Cheese is as before quoted.
Receipts were 14,900 pounds of Butter. -
pounds Eastern Butter. 356 cases of Eggs, 200
cases Eastern Eggs, 5700 pounds of California
Cheese and pounds Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 26@27c per lb for fancy
and 24@25c for seconds; dairy. lS@24c; store
Butter. 15@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub. lS@21c;
Pickled Roll. 19@20c; Keg. 18® 19c per lb.
CHEESE— New, H@12c; old, 10%c; Young
America, 12%c per lb; Eastern. 13@13c.
EGGS— Ranch. 35@36c for selected large. 32*9
34c for good to choice and 27%@30c for fair;
store, 22@25c per dozen; cold storage. 19@22c;
Eastern, 17@22%c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
The market continues quiet, as usual at this
time of the- year. The Weather Bureau reports
Grapes cracking in several sections, owing to
the rains. Table Grapes are more or less slow,
.but Wine Grapes are very firm everywhere.
Limes are firm at the recently improved
prices. Lemons are in larger supply and lower,
but Oranges are In lighter supply and firm.
Choice Bananas are scarce, and even Inferior
stock Is not plentiful.
The summer fruits, such as Peaches. Plums
and Figs, show no new features. They are al
most always featureless at the close of the
season. Melons are more or less dull, owing
to the cool and showery weather.
A car of Cape Cod Cranberries came In. but
had hjcen all sold out prior to arrival.
; 1 1 DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— 75c@$l 23 per box for good to choice
and* 23fT65c for ordinary.
PLUMS— 3O@7Jc per box; Prunes. 50c@$l per
crate.
PEACHES— 23<7?60c per box; Peaches In car
riers, 25@50c;- Mountain Peaches 40@60c per
box.
POMEGRANATES— 6Cc@$l per box.
PEARS— Winter Pears. 40c@$l 25 per box.
QUINCES— 25®60c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $5®6 per chest for Long
worths and $3(9'4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3®4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— $.'i(S 6 per chest
RASPBERRIES— $3@6 50 per box.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@8c per lb. . .
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $S 73@9 per bar
rel; Coos Bay. ?3(it3 50 per box.
FIGS— Black, 30@60c for double layer boxes;
White. 35(ffi40c.
ajELONS— Nutmegs, 15@40c per box; Canta
loupes. 23<fI75c per crate; Watermelons, $5@15
per 100.
GRAPES— Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent more than small boxes and crates,
which are quoted as follows: Sweetwater,
30®33c per box and crate; Tokay. 25@65c; Mus
cat, 25(5)65c; Black, 25<S60c; Isabella, 40<@75c;
Cornlchon. 75c; Wine Grapes, $2S@32 per ton
for Zinfandel and ?25<S28 for White.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. 50c(S$3 50; Lem
ons, $1@1 25 for common and $2<Si2 50 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit. $1@2 50; Mexican Limes,
fresh. $6@6 50; repacked. $4 50*3-5: Bananas. 63c
<g$l 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $1 50@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Prices for most fruits are easier, though the
demand continues very fair, and the output
of the State is moving out well. A very good
trade In Nuts Is reported, but Honey is quiet.
Raisins are very unsettled owing to the differ
ent cliques that are trying to control the crop.
The demand for Prunes has not yet fully
! opened, though a fair Inquiry for shipment is
reported.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7%@S%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 6(S7c: sun-dried. . 3%@4%c;
Peaches. 5%(SSc; Pears. 5@9c: Plums, pitted,
4<u5Vie: unpitted, l©2c; Nectarines, 5@6c for red
and 5%<a6y.c for white; Figs, 3»i<S3%c for black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40' s. 5'A' 5 j3%c; 40-30's, 5<&5%c; 50-60c, 4%®4%c; i
60-70's. ifri\\c: 70-SO's. 3%@3%c; 80-90's. 3@3%c; j
50-100's. 2%<fi2%c per lb. Old crop are being
cleaned up at 3<33Vic for the four sizes.
RAISINS (price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $1 75. Lon
don layers^ — Three-crown, $1 33; Two-crown,
?1 25. Price per lb: Standard loose Muscatels —
Four-crown, 4%c; Three-crown, 4%c; Two
crown, 3%c; Seedless Muscatels, 4%c; Seedless
Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson Seedless, 6%c.
"Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, 8%c; Choice. 7%c;
standard. 6%c: prime. 5%c. Bleached Thomp
sons—Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c;
standard, 7%c; prime, 6%c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 9%c: No. 2,
7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds.
13(S14c for papershell, lCXgllc for softshell and
5(S6c for hardshell: Peanuts, 5<S7c for Eastern;
Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Filberts, 12@12%c; Pe
cans. ll©13c; Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10©
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted, 5%
if? 6c; light amber extracted, 4%ig5c; dark, 4@
4%c.
BEESWAX— 23@28c per lb.
Provisions.
Dealers continue to say that Hams must go
up. but they do not seem to rise, though they
are selling at cost In most instances. Bacon
and Lard rule firm. Barreled goods have not
changed for some time.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12%c per lb for
heavy. 12V-SI13c for light medium, lie for light,
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured.
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14@14 1 / 4c; California
Hams, 13%c: Mefs Beef, $11 per barrel; extra
Mess. $12; Family. $12 50; prime Mess Pork,
$15; extra clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef,
14c per pound.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%©8c per 1b for
compound and 12c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
12%c; 10-lb tins, 12%c; 5-lb tins, 12%c; 3-lb tins,
13c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half -barrels. 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9'-»c per lb. ,
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The Hide dealers are reporting a very firm
and active market, with advancing quotations
for some descriptions.
Wool Is also selling very well, all sorts and
grades being taken. Prices stand as before.
Hops are now coming in and are quoted
steady with a very fair inquiry. Growers are
firm holdera, basing their views on the strong
statistical position of the market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l'/^c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides.
9%c for heavy and 9c for lisrht; Stags, 7c; Salted
Kip 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf, 10#
10V.c; Dry Hides, 16@16%c: Culls. 14c; Dry Kip.
16c; Dry Calf. ISc; Culls and Brands. 15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 13(?30c each; short Wool,
30©£0c each: medium, 50w73c: long Wool, 90c@
$1 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50(g2 73 for large
and $2@2 23 for medium. $1 75 for small and 50c
@$1 for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 73 for large.
$1 23@1 50 for medium, $1 23 for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins,
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 73c; largo and
smooth. 50c: medium. 33c.
TALLOW— Refined, 6i,J,c; No. 1 rendered, 4%
@5c r>er lb: No. 2, 3 1 / 4@4c; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine. 14©
13c; do. medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oresron.
Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do, fair to good, 9@
lie: Nevada.- 1C@12c.
Fall— San Joaquin, 6%@8%c; San Joaquin
Lambs', 7%<g9c; Middle County, 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9@llc; do. defective, 8@9c;
Humboldt and Mendoclho, ll@12c per lb.
HOPS— New. 12@15c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Beef, Mutton and Veal are all coming In more
freely, .as usual at this time of the year, and
the feeling is rather weak, though prices show
no change. Supplies of H^)gs are in excess of
the market needs; some of the local packers
have stopped buying and* are reselling, and
prices are weakening.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6I86HC for Steers and Siga&c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7%@S%c: small. S@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%@7c; Ewes. 6@6%c per
pound.
LAMB— 7@Sc per lb.
PORK— Live hogs, 230 lbs and under, 6c: ovet
230 lbs. 5%@5%c: feeders, ; sows, 20 per
cent off: boars, 30 per cent off, and stags. 40
per cent oft from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7%@9c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7%@
7%c; local make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c; Fruit
Bags. 5%©6%c for cotton and 7@T%c for Jute.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners quote as follows, in 2>£-lb tins: Ap
ples, $1 15@1 55: Apricots, $1(3150; Cherries,
black. $1 50(g2; do, white, $1 50@2; do. Royal
Anne. $1 60@2 13; Peaches, yellow, $1 20@l 65;
do. Lemon Cling, $1 30<frl 73; Bartlett Pears,
$1 23@1 75; Plums.- 90c@Jl 25; Nectarines. Jl@
1 50; Muscat Grapes, 95c®$l 33: Quinces, $1 10®
1 55; Strawberries, $1 30@l 75; Raspberries, $1 53
@$2; Blackberries, $1 30@l 60.
COAL— Cannel and Anthracite are higher.
Wellington. $9 per 'ton; Southfield Wellington
$9; Seattle. $7: Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay. »3 30;
Wallsend, $9: Co-operative Wallsend, $9; Cum
berland. $12 50 in bulk. and, $13 73 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13:. Cannel. • $11
per ton: Coke. $13 per ton in bulk and $17 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 45 per
2000 lbs- and $8 50 per ton.- according to brand
. CORDAGE.— Another advance . is noted. The
local cordage company quotes as follows: Pure
Manila. 13%c per lb; Si?al size. ll%c: Bale
Rope. 11011 %c: Duplex. 10%c. Terms, 60 days
or 1V4 per cent cash discount. Lota of 10 000
lbs, lc less.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, 4%c*
cases, regular, 5c; cases., extra large. &v t c;
cases. Eastern style. 6c: Boneless. 6c; "Nor- 1
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60' days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight.....'... — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight..... — 7%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, uer ounce 1 — 58%
Mexican Dollars, nominal......... 47 @ 47%
Wheat and: Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Continue nominal at
about 37s 6d, usual options. The chartered
wheat f.eet in pdrt has a registered tonnage
of S7.225, against 48,418 tons on the same date
last year; disengaged, 10,428 tons, against 2692;
on the way to this port, 1S4.644 tons, against
143,954.
WHEAT— Paris futures were lower. Liver
pool remained about the same.
Chicago was listless, with a poor demand,
and everybody short. The bears raided the
market, but prices yielded stubbornly. St. Louis
exporters reported a better demand from the
Continent. The Kansas City Star reported
that the great corn counties in the northern
part of the State were planting thousands of
acres of corn land to wheat, and that it would
not be surprising if the wheat crop of that
section equals the corn crop next year. There
will be about 6,000,000 acres of each.
Bradstreet's weekly estimate gave stocks an
Increase of 3.44S.0CO bushels, as follows: East
of the Rockies, 3,049,000 bushels; Europe and
afloat, 300,000.
This market continued I dull, with a further
shading in futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, milling, 9S%c
@$1 02% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls, 99%c.
Second Session— December— 22,000 ctls, 99%c.
Regular Mornin? Session— December— 10,000
ctls, 99%c; 14,000, S9%c. May— 16,000, $1 03%.
I Afternoon i- Session — December — 14,000 ctls,
£'9V8c; 10,000, D3c. May— 2S.00O. $1 03%.
BARLEY— The British bark Brussels, 990
tons, will be loaded with Barley by Leonce C.
Sheldon for United Kingdom for owners' ac
count. This is the only new feature to the
market, which is quoted quiet here and in the
country at unchanged prices.
Feed, 72%@73%c for choice bright. 70@71%c
for No. 1 and 67%c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77' / ii&S2%c; Chevalier, 95c@
?1 05 r, er c ti.
• CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— There is a little something doing. Just
enough to redeem the market stagnation.
Prices are unchanged. Local stocks increased
500 tons in September, as will be seen else
whore.
Grays, $1 1031 20: whites. $1 10@l 30; black,
%W\ 15. and red, $1 03@l 20 per ctl.
CORN— Chicago declined slishtly and the
market was without animation. Prviate wires
from St. Louis said that the croo of Illinois
was running about five or six bushels to the
acre, against SO to 70 last year— quite a dif
ference.
This market continues quiet and featureless.
Eastern is quoted to arrive in bulk at $1 62 1 -.
for White, $1 32% for Yellow and $1 57^@1 60
for mixed.
RYE— Is still dull and unchanged at 75@77%c
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none in first hands.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $8 25@
3 30, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 23;
Oregon, $2 50(g2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 7363 for bakers' ; Washington bakers'. $2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; "Rice Flour, ?7; Corn Meal, $3 2*5:
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy, $1
©4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 iO; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 23; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 Sa^S 33;
in sacks, $6 50@8: Pearl Barley, ?5; Split Peas,
$3, Green Peas,' $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Receipts of Hay are" running light and the
market rules firm, with a good demand. Sev
eral days ago the Southern Pacific Company
notified its agents all over the system not
to allow any cars to be loaded with Hay until
after October 2, no reason being given for the
order.
• The minor Feedstuffs show some changes, as
will be seen. There Is no change in Bran or
Middlings.
BRAN— $20 50@21 50 per ton.
MIDPLINGS-$22!(?23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 5n per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26: Jobbing,
$26 C0<j?27: Cocoanut Cake. $16 50<g:i7 50; Corn
Meal, $34<B35; Cracked Corn, $34 50@35 50- Mixed
Feed, $18 50@19 50.
HAY— Wheat, $7 50ffll0; Choice. $10 50(311-
Wheat and Oat. $7 50@10 50; Oat, $7 50(JM- Bar
ley and Oat. $6 30@8 50; Alfalfa. $8<S10 50: Clo
ver, $3 50@7; Volunteer, $5@7; Stock, $5@6 per
°STRAW— 25@42%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The market: continues dull and weak, with
small and broken stocks. The recent rains
have retarded thrashing in certain sections.
Some changes in Seeds will be seen. Mus
tard Is reported poor this year, being weedy.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 65; Small White $4-
Large White, $2 40(S2 65; Pea, $4 50@4 75; Pink
J2 40(S2 43; Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3 50; Limas,
nominal: Red Kidney, $3 50@4 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $3®3 50; Yellow
Mustard, $3 35@3 50; Flax. $2 6i>(fI3 23; Canary
3'4??3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rane'
l%(ff2Vic: Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS-Niles. $1 75@I 90; Green $l 75
@2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes continue to decline. The receipts are
lighter, but the shipping demand has fallen off.
considerably; Sweet Potatoes and Onions are
steady;
There is nothing new in Vegetables, except
that the canners are freely buying Tomatoes
at 20@25c. Other vegetables are in their usual
liberal supply.
POTATOES— 60@90c in sacks for ' Burbanks
from the river; Salinas Burbanks,. $1 io@i 33-
Sweets, 60@90c for Rivers and $1 for Merced '
ONIONS-$1 10@l 20 per ctl; Pickle Onions' 60
@73c per ctl. * •
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3@3% for Gar
den; String Beans, l@2%c; Limas, $1@1 25 pe r
sack; Cabbage. 60@75c per ctl; Tomatoes from
the river, 15@25c; from Alameda. 25@35c; -Dried
Peppers, 10*S12%c; Green Okra, 25@30c per box-
Carrots, 25(S35c per sack; Cucumbers 25@35c"
Pickles, 214@3c per lb for small and lffiy.c for
large; Garlic, 2@3c; Green Peppers, 25@40"c per
box for Chile and 25@40c for Bell; Egg Plant
25@50c per box: Green Corn, 50@65c per sack'
Alameda, 50c@$l per crate; Berkeley, 50©75c;
Summer Squash, large boxes, j 25fi 35c; new Mar
rowfat Squash, $8@10 per ton; Hubbard Squash
$10. . '
. Poultry and\ Game. %^ )
Another car of Eastern came in, making two
thus far this week. Local stock is in light de
mand and prices show little change.
The season for Ducks and Quail opened. < but
none were received. The season will not
amount to much, anyhow, under the new law
which prohibits any person from 5 having more
than fifty Ducks in his possession on any one
day, and forbids the sale of Quail.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15@16c for Gobblers
and 15@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair, si 50<a
1 75; Goslings, $1 50@l 75; Ducks, $3@3 50 for old
and ?3 E0(S5 for young: Hens, $3 50@5; young
Roosters, "$1@5; old Roosters, $3 E0<54; Fryers
LOCAL MARKETS/
way." 6%c: "Narrow Gauge," 6%c; "SiUer
King." Vc; Blocks. 6%<&Jc; tablets. W.}* 1 }'*
dles? •'Golden State." 7c; Middles. "Wnita
Seal," 8c; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless. 9c;
boxes. Fancy Boneless. 7%<&8c; Desiccated, per
dozen. 75c; Pickled Cod. barrels, each. *.;
Pickled Cod. - half-barrels, each. $4.
COFFEE— Costa. Rica. 13@13%c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; lo'^@ll%- for primo
washed; 9%@10c for good washed; 9%@ll%c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 8%®J%c lor
lair to prime peaberry; 8%@10c for good to
prime; 7@So for fair; 5Vi@«%c for common to
ordinary. • .
Salvador— U@12%c for strictly prime washed;
8Vi@10%c for good to prime washed; V/i<aS\c
for fair washed; 10@llc for good to prime
washed peaberry: 7%®8Vic for good to 5 rt ™?
semi-washed; 7%@8c for superior unwashed; 7^*
@7%c for good green unwashed ; 8%@9c for good
to superior unwashed peaberry; »Vi@6%c for
common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— ll@13c for prime to fancy washed;
8@10c for fair to strictly good washed: WglVze
for good "to superior unwashed: 8%@S%c for
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 10%@13c for prim«
to fancy washed; 9@10c for strictly good
washed; 8%@9c for good washed; 7%@8%c for
fair unwashed; 8%®7%c for medium; 5@«%c for
interior to ordinary; 9<®llc for good to prime
washed peaberry; S@9c for good to prlma
unwashed peaberry; 7U@7%c for good to su
perior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. ZSfQSZc per lb; Sola
Leather medium, 25@30c; Sole Leather, light.
25@2Sc; 'Rough Leather, heavy. 27@28c; Rough
Leather, light. 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy.
38@30c for No. 1 and 30@33c for No. 2; Harness
Leather, medium. 30@37c: Harness Leather,
light, 29@33c; Skirting. 36@40c; Collar Leather.
13©16e per foot; Kip. unfinished. 40@30c per lb;
Veal, finished. 16@17c per foot; Belt Knifa
Splits. 14@16c; Rough Splits. 8®10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $26@2S per ton: Stick.
$18(620 per cord.
OILS— Some kinda are higher. Callforn'a. Cas
tor Oil In cases. No. 1. 70c; pure. $1 20: Lin
seed Oil. in barrels, boiled. 74c; raw. 72c: cases.
5c more; Lucol. 64c for boiled and 62c for raw
In barrels; Lard OH. extra winter strained, bar
rels. 83c; cases. 90c: China Nut. 55@72c per pal-
Ion; pure Neatsfoot in barrels. 70c; cases. 75c:
Sperm, pure. 63c; Whale Oil, natural white.' 49
@45c per gallon: Fish Oil. in barrels. ST'Jc;
cases. 42*Ac: Cocoanut Oil. bbls, 63%c forCey
lon and oS'Ac for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. in rases. 19%c; Astral. 19%c;
Star. 19%c; Extra Star, 23%c: Elaine. 24%c:
Eocene. 21%c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 15c; In cases. 21c: Benzine, in bulk. 14c:
in cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c;
in cases. 26o.
TURPENTINE— 58c p«r gallon In cases and
52c in drums and tron bnrrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%"9
8c per lb; White Lead. 7%@Sc. according to
quantity.
SALT— H. R. H.. $24 73 per ton In large sacks
and $23 50 in 5Vs. Liverpool. $21 25@22 for the
best and $17 50020 for lower grades. Higgins'.
$27 50<f?3rt per Ion.
QUICKSILVER— $46 50<fT47 30 per flask for lo
cal use and $40<f?43 for exnort.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bajra:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed.' 5.10c; Pow
dered. 4.95c: Candv Granulated. 4.95c: Dry
Granulated. 4.85c: Confectioners' A. 4.85c: Fruit
Granulated. 4.83<-: Beet Granulated. 4.75c; M»sr
nolla A, 4.45c: Extra C. 4.35c: Oolden C. 4.rx*:
barrels. 10c more: half-barrels. 2.V: more; boxes.
">0c more: 50-lh basrs. 10c more. No orders tak»»n
for less than 75 barrel or Its equivalent. Domi
no« half-barrels. S.33c: boxes, 5.60c ner lb
LUMBER— R»t»n m-ices are as follows: Pin».
ordinarv »!»•»» SiR^lfl: pxtra »«zps. higher: R«"1
•wood. $18<!7i!»: Lath 4 feet. $3 9IW4: Picket"" $?o-
Shlnelsa. *2 for No. 1 and tl 73 for No ;•
55>,pu»^ $13 f 0r S pnt and $14 for sawn; Rustic.
$23® 20.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. OCTOBER 1.
Flour, qr sks 9.866 Suirar. ctls 2 S4S
Wheat, ctls 12.470 Tallow, ctls 270
Barley, ctlg 62,13SWool, sks sd
Oats, ctls 1,350 Hay. tons 4,-,3
Beans, sks 8,471 Straw, tons "7
Middlings, sks .. 423 Hops, bales »li)
Bran, sks 930;Pelts. bdls 159
Onions, sks 2S0 Hides, no gn*
Potatoes, sks .... 1.850; Leather, rolls ... SO
Wine, pals 13,950 j Quicksilver, flsks 2ZS
Lime, bbls ... 182'
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks > 820>Oats. ctl s;o
CHICAGO, Oct. 1.— The last hour of the
wheat market, brought the bear contingent
out in force and with little effort they suc
ceeded in hammering the prices severely. De
cember opened %@V4c lower at 70%c to 70@
70%c and sagged a bit lower during the suc
ceeding hour. Covering brought December
back to 70%@70%c later, but the bears, seizing
upon the liberality of receipts as a pretext,
began selling and although their sales were
not large the market was so dull that the
effect on the price was marked. December
dropped to egHigcgUc and closed lc lower at
69%c, with no recuperative power left, to all
appearances.
Lacking any influential trading corn was
inclined to follow wheat. December closed
weak, %@%c lower, at 56%@56Uc. \
Oats had a short-lived activity about the
middle of . the session when weak longs be- j
came scared at liberal offerings by a prom
inent operator. December closed weak, Yi'S%c
down at>34%c.
Provisions were easier all around en a
weaker hog market and liquidation. The out
side demand was slow and January pork
closed 12%c lower, lard a shade lower and
ribs 5c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— I Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 68% 68% 67'4 67%
December • 70% 70% 69% 69V4
May 73% 73% 7,2% 72%
Corn No. 2 —
October 54% 55% 54% 54%
December 56% 58% 56% 56 Vi
May 5S% 58% 5S% 58%
Oats No. 2—
October •. 34% 34% 33% 33%
December 35% 35% 34% 34%
May 37% 37% 37 37
Mess Pork, per barrel-
October 14 50 14 67% 14 50 14 55
January 15 77% 15 95 15 77% 15 87%
May 16 00 • 16 05 16 00 16 02%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 9 25 9 35 9 25 9 32%
October 9 82% 9 92% 9 82% 9 90
November 9 65 9 75 9 65 9 72Vj
January 9 25 9 35 9 25 9 30
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
October 8 77% 8 80 8 75 8 75
January 8 15 8 20 8 15 8 17 Vi
May 8 25 8 27% 8 25 8 25
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat. 69%c; No.
3 spring. 66@68%c; No. 2 red, 6D@69%c: No. 2
corn, yellow, 56 1 /4@56%c; No. 2 oats, 35@36%c;
No. 2 white, 37@38c; No. 3 white. 37@37%c; No.
2 rye, 55c; fair to choice malting barley, 54@59c;
No. 1 flaxseed. Northwestern, $1 58; mess pork,
per barrel. $14 60@14 65; lard, per 100 pounds.
,$9 92%©9 95; short ribs sides (loose). $S 70@8 90;
dry salted shoulders (boxed). 7%@7%c; short
clear sides (boxed), $9 40@9 50; whisky, basis
of high wines. $1 30.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 36,000 26,000
Wheat, bushels 199,000 - 148,000
Corn, bushels 343.000 426,010
Oats, bushels 412,000 153.000
Rye. bushels 16,000 2.001
Barley, bushels 72,000 7,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries. 14®21%c; Dai
ries. 13@17c. Cheese, steady, 9%@10%c. Eggs,
firm; fresh,- 17c.
Ghicago Grain Market.
much done in Australian wools, but the strong
advices from London tei-d to help the market.
Quotations: . . \u25a0 .,
Territory, scoured basis— Montana, fine 14®
16c, scoured 44@46c, fine medium 14®l6c',
scoured 42@43c, staple 16@17c. scoured 46@48c;
Utah. Wyoming and , Idaho, fine M^SSlSc,
scoured 44@45c, fine medium 13@14c, scoured
40@43c, staple 16@17c, scoured 46@47c. .
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Oct. 1.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day amounted to 14,750 bales,
principally medium. Fine grades were in good
demand, but medium and coarse were irregu
lar and In buyers' favor. A slight decline In
prices brought about free buying in the lower
grades. Cross-breds were in fair supply and
met with a steady demand.
Foreign Futures.
LONDON, Oct. 1.— Consols. 93%; Silver. 26%d;
French rentes, lOlf 7%c; wheat cargoes on
passage, sellers indifferent operators: Walla
Walla, 27s; English country markets, quiet
but- steady.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 1.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 5s 10d@5s 10%d; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull: French coun
try markets, quiet: weather in England, cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 17-32d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 1.— Clearings, $501,457;
balances., ?54,427.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 1.— Wheat— Easier; Walla
Walla. 53%c; Valley. 54c; Bluestem, 54%c.
Cleared — Norwegian steamer Kvarven Hong
kong, with 3595 barrels of flour.-
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 1.— Wheat— Unchanged; Blue
stem, 54c; Club, 53c.
Silver and Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures lower. Another ship taken for Barley.
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet.
Hay firm and moving off zvell.
Some changes in the minor Feedstuff s.
Beans dull and zvcak. Some fluctuations in Seeds.
Potatoes in less demand and iveak. Onions and Vegetables steady.
Butter firmer and cleaning up better.
Cheese steady. Eggs rather slow.
Poultry in good supply and light demand.
Game season for Ducks and Quail now open.
Oranges and Limes firm and Lanons weak.
Rai7is cracking Grapes in some sections.
Dried Fruits easier, but moving off well.
Nuts in good demand. Hoiicy quiet.
Hams, Bacon and Lard firm.
Hides zeri firm and in demand.
Wool of all sorts selling well. Hops firmly held.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs arriving more freely.
Continued advance in Cordage.
Some changes in Oils.
Sn'cral kinds of Coal higher.
Local stocks and bonds dull.
Denver & Rio Grande 45
Denver & Rio Gr pfd.. 20O 92% 92% 9'%
£ r ' e ;•• • 11,100 41% 40% 41
Erie 1st pfd 1,600 63% 6S% 6S%
Erie 2d pfd 700 55% 55 54V*
threat Northern pfd ... 100 1S6% 1S6% 1S6»>
Hock ng Valley 500 £3 53 52
Hocking Valley pfd 74
Illinois Central 500 145% 115 145
Iowa Central ...... 200 40% 40U 40
Iowa Central pfd 200 78% 78% 77%
Lake Erie & Western. 1,600 71% 70 69
Lake Erie & W pfd i»s
Louisville & Nashville.. 600 103 102% 102%
Manhattan L 8,700 123% 121% 122>i
Metropolitan. St Ry 50o 163 162% 162%
Mexican Central 800 23& 23% 23>i
Mexican National .. SCO 13% 13 13
Minneapolis & St Louis 106
Missouri Pacific 13,800 96 95 93%
Missouri Kans & Tex... 700 27& 27 26%
Missouri Kans & T pfd. 900 53 52% 5'4i
New Jersey Central . i 6 2
New York Central 3,600 157% 156V4 157
Norfolk & Western .... 1,900 64 53% 53%
Norfolk & Western pfd 89 "
Northern Pacific
Northern Pacific pfd...
Ontario & Western .... 1,800 33% 33% 33%
Pennsylvania 5,000 144% 143>i 143%
Ke^S 21.800 41'/ 4 40% 40%
Reading 1st pfd 1,100 75 75 75%
Reading 2d pfd 2.500 61% 51 51%
St L & San Francisco. 1,300 45 44M *ito
St L & San Fran 1st pfd . 77 *
St L & San Fran 2d pfd .... 67«4
St Louis Southwestern. 500 30 30 29%
St Louis Southw pfd 800 62 62 61%
Paul 4,000- 160% 159 159%
St. Paul pfd J37*
Southern Pacific 8,700 56% • 55% 55ft
Southern Railway 8,800 33 32'i 32%
Southern Railway pfd . . 200 S6tt 86 " 86%
Texas & Pacific 400 41% 41 40%
! Toledo St Louis & W. 300 22»i . 22% 21*i
Toledo St L & W pfd.. 150 36 36 86
Union Pacific 17,000 97% 96% 96%
Union Pacific pfd .. 200 SS% 88% 88
Wabash . 500 21% 21% 21%
Wabash pfd 300 38% 38% 38%
Wheeling & Lake Erie. 700 18 17% 1,'n
Wheel & L E 2d pfd.... 100 29% 23% 29%
Wisconsin Central • 800 21?i 2 Hi 21Vi
Wisconsin Central pfd . <\u25a0>
Express companies-
Adams JJ5Q
American *" 190
United States '. )j" 90
Wells- Fargo [, i,j()
Miscellaneous —
Amxlg Copper 18,900 90% 89% 90%
Am Car & Foundry . 2,200 29 " 28% 28%
Am Car & Foundry pfd 100 83% S3% 83»4
Am Linseed Oil .... 15
Am Linseed Oil pfd 100 49 49,* 46
Am Smelting & Refln.. 1,900 44% 44 44»i
Am Smelt & Refin pfd 96'
Am Tobacco 132
Anaconda Min Co 900 36% 36% 36%
Brooklyn Rapid Tran.. 5,600 65% 63% 64
Colorado Fuel & Iron... 1,100 94% 92% 92%
Consolidated Gas 800 218% 92% 92%
Continental Tobacco ... 66
Continental Tobacco pfd 600 115 114% 114%
General Electric 100 257% 237% 256
Glucose Sugar .... 55
Hocking Coal 17
International Paper 500 23% 22% 22»i
International Pap pfd 7t£
International Power.... -200 94% 94% 91 "
Laclede Gas \. # 90
National Biscuit 43%
National Lead . 100 20 20 20
National Salt 200 40% 40% 40%
National Salt pfd 100 75% 75% 75Vi
North American 94
Pacific Coast 63
Pacific Mail 1,000 42',i 42 42%
People's Gas 2,100 106% 105% 105%
Pressed Steel Car 39
Pressed Steel Car pfd 80
Pullman Palace Car 100 214 214 212
Republic Steel 600 15% 15 15%
Republic Steel pfd 700 66% 66 '66
Sugar 38,500 122 117% 117%
Tenn Coal & Iron 1,100 62% 61% 62
Union Bag & Paper Co 200 16 16 15
Union Bag & P Co pfd 71
United States Leather.. 1,500 12% 12% 12%
United States Leath pfd 300 79 79 7S%
United States Rubber 16V,
United States Rub pfd 600 52% 52% 52'"
United States Steel 26,200 44 43% 43%
United States Steel pfd. 13.200 94% 93% 93%
Western Union 800 91% 90% 90%
Total sales 336,800
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s res 109 Hocking Val 4%s..lO6
Do coup 109 L & N uni 4s 101%
U S 3s reg.........lO7% Mex Cent 4s 84%
Do coup 108% Do 1st Inc S0%
U S new 4s, res.. .139% Minn & St L 4s 103%
Do coup 139% M K & T 4s 98%
U S old 4s reg....H2% Do 2nds 81%
Do coup 112% N Y Cent lsts 105%
U S 5s reg 108 Do gen 3%s 109
Do coup 108 N J Cent gen 5s. ..129
Atch gen 4s 103 Nor Pac 4s 104%
Do adj 4s .97 Do 3s 71%
B & O 4s 102 Nor & W con 4s. .100%
Do 3%s 94% Read gen 4s 95%
Do conv 43 105 S L & I M con 5s. .114%
Can So 2nd.« 107 S U & S F 4s 95
Cent of Ga 5s 106% St L SAV lsts 97%
Do 1st Inc....'.. 73 Do 2nd3 79
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO6% S A & A P 4s 86
Chi & Alton 3%s... 84% So Pac 4s 91«
Chi B & O new 4s. 96% So Ry 5s 117
C M & S P gen 4s. 110 Tax & Pac lsts.... 119%
Chi & NW con 7s. 140 T St L & W 4s 82H
Chi R I & P 4s. ..106 Union Pac 4s 105
C C C S L gen 4s. 102% Do conv 4s 106%
Chi Term 4s 93% Wabash lsts 119
Colo & So 4s 88 Do 2nds no
D & R G 4s 102% Do deb B 61%
Erie prior lien 4s.. 98 West Shore "4s 112%
j Erie een 4s 87% W & L E 4s 89%
F W & D C lsts... 102 Wis Cent 4s 88%
i MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 12
Alice 4S Ontario 10 75
Breese 1 40 Ophir '. 70
Brunswick Con.. 04 Phoenix 08
Com Tunnel 06% Potosl 05
Con Cal & Va 1 70 6avage 02
Deadwood Terra 60 Sierra Nevada .. 18
Horn Silver 185 Small Hopes ... 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard S 35
Leadvllle Con ... 06 .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— • West End 93%
Call loans 4@3 Westing Elec .... 70%
Time loans 4J4@6 Wls Central '0
. Stocks— Bonds—
AT & S F 76 N E Gas & C 6s... 51%
Do prefd 95% Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 118% Adventure 23%
Amer Tel 160% Bing Min Co 32
Boston & Albany.. 256 Amal Copper 90%
Boston Elevated ..171 Atlantic .. 33
Boston & Maine. ..192 Cal & Hecla 660
Dominion Coal .... 44% Centennial 20U
Do prefd 117% Franklin 16%
U S Steel 43?i RumDOldt 25
Do prefd 93% Osceola 77
Gen Electric 257 Parrot 40
Mex Central 23 Quincy ISO
N E Gas & Coke... 6 Santa Fe Copper.. 5
Old Colony 206% Tamarack 295
Old Dominion 27% Utah Mining 24%
Union Pacific 96% Winona 2%
Union Land 3 Wolverines 60 '
London Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Th3 stock market to-day was Idle in the ex
treme, but closed cheerful on a rally in the
Copper stocks. Rio Tintos opened at 46,
dropped to 43 9-16 and then sharply rallied.
The dividend, due on Thursday, is expected
to be thirty shillings, against 'forty shillings.
Probably 35s could be paid, but the board of
directors Is quite likely to prefer to augment
the reserves.-- Anacondas opened at 7«4 and
closed at 7% on American buying. The Amer
ican department was neglected and dull until
New York came a strong buyer of Atchlson.
The close was firm with slight changes in
quotations. Nothing was done in the \u25a0 street
sava in United States Steel, which is still
supported by the Morgan Interests. Money
Is steady. The fortnightly decrease in cop
per stocks is 273 tons, in supplies 73 tons.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Oct. 1.— Anaconda, 7%; Atchlson
78%; Canadian Pacific. 112%; D. & R. G?, 46%'
do preferred, 95; Northern Pacific preferred 99-
Southern Pacific, 57%; Union Pacific 100* do
preferred. 90. Bar silver, dull. 26%d per ounce
Money, 1%@2 per cent. ' '
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 1.— Close: Money on call
was steady at 3%@4 per cent; last loan, 3%
per cent; ruling rate, 4 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5% per cent.
Sterling exchange was steadier, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 85V»@4 83% for
demand, and ti 8304 S3% for sixty days.
Posted rates, $4 S3%@4 84 and $4 86@4 86%.
Commercial bills, $4 S2%@4 83%.
Bar silver, CS%c. Mexican dollars, 45%c.
Bonds— Governments, strong; States, inac
tive; railroads; irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1-— To-day 1 s statement
of the treasury balance shows: Available cash
balance, $169,919,870; gold, $101, 635,353.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
DRIED FRUITS.
Trading in the market* for evaporated apples
was moderately active, with out-of-town or
ders in evidence, but only in a small way.
The undertone was steady, with prices about
unchanged.
SUGAR— Raw, steadier; fair refining," 3 5-16c;
molasses sugar, 3c; refined, easy; No. 6, 4.50c;
No. 7, 4.40c; No. 8, 4.30c; No. 9, 4.25c; No. 10,
4.20c: No.. 11, 4.15c; No. 12, 4.15c; No. 13, 4.05c:
No. 14, 4.15c; standard A, 4.90c; confectioners'
A, 4.90c; mold'A, 5.40c;cut loaf, 5.60c; crushed,
5.60c; powdered, 5.20c; granulated, 5.10c; cubes,
6.35c. . .... .
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; mild, quiet. Fu
tures . closed 5 to 15 points net lower, barely
steady.' Total sales, 13,000 bags, Including:
O ctober, 5.05c: December, 5.25c; March, 5.50c;
May, 5.70c; August, 5.90c. ; -
hour sustained a heavy break under liquida
tion. Closed weak at %@%c net .decline. May,
7SV4@79c, closed 78>/4c; October, 72%@73i4c.
closed at 72%c; December, 75@75%c, closed at
75Ho. . \u25a0 \u25a0 • . y \u25a0 . •
HAY-Easier. .
HOPS— Quiet. - . "
LEA THER- Steady. - '
"WOOL— Quiet. i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1903.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
8
AUCTION SALES
£3* AUCTION SALE £a
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST..
THIS DAY.
WEDNESDAY. October 2. at 11 a. m.,
I will sell, by order of J. W. Homer. 5 New
Buggies, 3 Buggies with ball-bearing axles,
pneumatic tires, wire wheels: 2 with solid rub-
ber tires; also 1 Second-hand Surrey: al30 aO
Head of all purpose Horses. 3 Sets of Buggy
Harness. JOHN J. DOTLK,
Livestock Auctioneer.
—
£* Jfei
AUCTION SALE
AT J. D. HORAN'S STOCK YARDS. CORNER
TENTH AND BRYANT STREETS.
SATURDAY. OCT. 5. AT 11 A. M.
I will sell 30 h?ad of well-bred, all-purpose,
broken and unbroken horses, mares and geld-
ings, several well-mated teams.
This is a select lot of horses from the T\ ood-
ard Ranch. Yolo County, and positively shall
bo sold without reserve or limit.
S. WATKIXS._Auctloneer._FAMOUS BASSO WHO WILL BE SEEN AXD HEARD IN THIS CITY
DURING THE GRAU GRAND OPERA SEASON, WHICH WILL BE
GIN IN NOVEMBER,
OAKLAND, Oct. 1.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Waters H. Sellman.
25, New York, and Eliza L. Mitchell, 21,
Alameda; Edward P. O'Brien, over 21, and
Mary Walsh, over IS, both of Oakland;
Frank P. Tearsley, over 21, San Francisco,
and Ida Q. Howard, over 21, Oakland;
James E. Jones, 26, and Lena Burns, 26,
both of San Francisco; Charles B..Bar
ton, 26, and Lillian McCormick. 24, both of
Oakland; Bphraim B. Courvolsier, 39, San
Francisco, and Helen Sayle. 25, Alameda;
James F. McGovern. 21. and Mary T. Kll
lian. 18. both of Oakland.
and the Sanchez expedition, will attempt
to unite or co-operate In a movement upon
La Hacha, where Colombia appears to
have about 2000 men under the leadership
of Ayema. It Is more conservatively
thought that "Venezuela will not assume
the aggressive. Both the Venezuelan and
Colombian governments show a tendency
to place at the head of their forces the
revolutionary leaders of the other coun
try. In \u25a0 order to give a color of political
revolution in contacts between their re
spective troops. \u25a0
The Venezuelan disaster of September
14 Is fully confirmed. Few prisoners were
taken. The retreating Venezuelans were
caught on both sides of a river with a
bridge broken and the Colombians over
whelmed them from three sides, scatter
ing the Venezuelans, who were ambushed
by the Indians.
Letters received here from Tachlra. are
to the effect that General Uribe-Uribe la
collecting and manlpulatlnar forces In a
small way, but no action of Importance 13
belnsr taken by him. The Colombians may
attempt to prevent a union of or con
certed action between the Sanchez-Ca
villa-Castillo forces.
Licensed to Marry.
O. B. Hewitt and F. A. Plymire, who
were arrested last August for practicing
dentistry 'without a license and who
sought to evade serving a term in prison
by securing a writ of habeas corpus, were
remanded Into custody yesterday by Judge
Seawell.
Hewitt, who was convicted on a charge
preferred by Percy T. Bowyer, instituted
habeas corpus proceedings, claiming thai
the act regulating dental surgery Is un
constitutional and that the Police Judge
before whom he was tried acted without
proper jurisdiction.
Judge Seawell In rendering the decision
said that the matter should be passed,
upon by the Supreme Court, as the dis
puted measure had received the votes of
both houses of the Legislature.
CONVICTED DENTISTS
REMANDED INTO CUSTODY
The Institute's drawing classrooms are
to be fitted up with new desks and other
appliances designed to make them per
fectly suitable to the needs of the pupils.
This evening the members of the insti
tute will hold a special meeting to deter
mine the matter of selling the Pavllioa
block to the city for the Public Library
site.
At a meeting of the board of trustees
of the Mechanics' Institute last night
Herbert Bashford was elected library as
sistant, vice J. A. Rowell, resigned. Miss
SI F. Wiliams, the cataloguer, was given
a four months' leave of absence on ac
count of sickness. -•
Librarian F. J. Tes&art reported the
daily average circulation of books last
month at 743, the highest average to date.
On September 21 there were 463 books Is
sued, the largest single day's business In
the history of the institute.
WILL CONSIDER SATYR
OF THE PAVIIilON SITB
"His opposition dates back to the time
or the Democratic convention three years
ago, when Dr. Clinton's name came up
for renomination. I was then the secre
tary of Mayor Phelan. Father Yorke
demanded the defeat of Clinton for re
nomination as Supervisor as Phelan had
the convention well under control. The
Mayor refused as Dr. Clinton had been
a good Supervisor and he thought it was
due both to the man and the party to
allow things to take their regular and
Just course. Clinton was renominated.
The Mayor did not Interfere. I know-
Father Yorke wanted me to use my In
fluence to have Clinton defeated for re
nomination.
"At Father Yorke's house, after the
election, Mayor Phelan and myself were
paying a call and the Clinton matter
came up. Father Yorke was very frigid
and the visit was not marked by its
cordiality."
"No good reason exists for the attack
Father Yorko has made upon me. Our
first relations began when I lent my sup
port to the organisation of the League
of the Cross Cadets in December, 1SD3.
A. " B.^ Magulre and Thomas H. Fallon
were the prime movers in the reorganiza
tion of the cadets. The organization was
changed at that time from a purely tem
perance society to a quasi military body.
Father Yorke gave us his support and
assistance In many ways. That Is what
he evidently means when he says ho
came to my assistance, for I was heart
and soul in the work at that time.
Chief of Police Sullivan, who has been
singled out for attack by Father Yorke.
exposes the reasons for the clergyman's
acrimony in an Interview. The bitter
ness of the prelate Is charged to political
disappointment at the time when Dr.
Charles A. Clinton was a candidate for
renomination as Supervisor.
Chief Sullivan's statement la as fol
lows:
"What I said about Father Torke be
ing responsible for the riot and battle on
Sunday morning In the heart of the city
I firmly believe. I do not wish to Injure
his reverence, but I honestly think that«
the violence of that day is in great meas
ure due to his utterances.
Gives Some Inside History of
Fight Made Against Dr.
O. A. Clinton.
Police Chief .Sullivan
Answers Charges of
Father Yorke.
SAYS POLITICS
CAUSE ATTACK
Southern Pacific . direct line — limited
trains— personally conducted excursions.
$87 round trip. Choice of routes. Las,t
chance to see the great Pan-American
Exposition. Lots of literature at Infor
mation Bureau and ticket office, 613 Mar
ket etreet. •; , " ..
Last Buffalo Excursions.
Mrs. Cornelia WontworthJ a divorced
woman 35 ye.ars old, residing at 1915 Geary
street, committed suicide last Monday
night by inhaling illuminating gas. When
her 17-year-old son Lindley Apple left the
houee for the purpose of attending night
school she affixed one end of a piece of
rubber tubing to a gas fixture, turned the
key, 'lay down on the bed, placed the
other end of the tubing in her mouth and
thus ended her unhappy life. .
\u25a0 Her son returned home . from, school
shortly after 9 o'clock and found her dead
He raised an alarm and a physician was
hurriedly summoned, but life was extinct.
Mrs. Wentworth was divorced several
years ago from a man named Apple and
resumed her maiden name, Wentwbrth
Since the divorce she has been very low
spirited, and her son says that she twice
before attempted suicide, the first time by
means of laudanum and the second time
by the inhalation of illuminating gas.
DIVORCED WOMAN ENDS '
HEB SORROW WITH GAS
OAKLAND, Oct. 1.— The two. factions
in the Building Trades Council patched
up their differences to-night and agreed
that the present council should go out of
existence and a new one be elected to
take its place. In the meantime D. A.
Labor Factions Compromise.
The prosecution completed its testimony
before Judge Cabaniss yesterday after
noon in the case of T. H. Pagedon an-1
F. M. Cliff, non-union machinists, charged
with assault to murder for shooting Wil
liam Dunn, a striker, on the evening of
July 17. The defendants were working In
the Dundon Iron Works and were on
their way home \u25a0 when attacked by a
crowd of strikers. They fired to Brare
the crowd and one of the shots took effect
on Dunn. A motion to dismis3 was made
yesterday after the testimony was In, but
the Judge said he would deny it pro
forma, intimating that if the defendants
could give any reasonable explanation on
Saturday he would dismiss the ca3e.
Harry Howell, striking machinist, who
was arrested Monday morning for steal
ing an extension basket from a second
hand store on Mission street, near Fourth,
because he wanted money to buy food,
was convicted by Judge Conlan yester
day. He waived time for sentence anfi,
the Judge gave him three months in the
County Jail. .
George Jorgensen, a striking sailor liv
ing at 418 First street, appeared before
Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge of
petty larceny. He was attempting to
steal a piece of lumber from a yard at
the foot of Third street Monday, when
arrested by a special officer. He told the
Judge that he needed the wood, as he
has a family of four children to support,
and there was nothing in the house to
make a fire for cooking their food. He
thought it was Just an old piece of wood.
The Judge dismissed the case, but repri
manded Jorgensen, and pointed out to him
the result of a, conviction for petty lar-
Ce john Desmond, a striking teamster, sur
rendered himself to the police yesterday,
as he heard he was wanted on a charge
of assault with intent to murder. The
complaining witness is Tony Alborelli,
who was assaulted by a gang of strikers
recently and had his arm broken.' Des
mond was accused of being the leader of
the gang. He was at once released on'
$1000 bonds: Other strikers are wanted
for the same offense. \u25a0; ;; ; *;,:*&
Judges Consider Strike Cases.
Julius Kruttschnitt was busy yesterday
receiving the congratulations of his
friends. He accepted the congratulations
modestly and went about his business
with the quiet yet determined manner
that has distinguished him in the past.
He stated In an Interview that he will
devote part of his time to the operation
of the road and the balance to executive
business. He will still retain his olllces
in the Union Trust building, but at cer
tain hours of the day he will use the
executive offices.
The first official act of Julius Krutt
schnitt in the administration of Southern
Pacific affairs was to appoint R. 'H.
Ingram, formerly secretary to Charles M.
Hays, executive secretary. This appoint
ment proved a pleasant surprise to
Ingram s friends, who thought that under
the new regime he might return to the
Kast.
tive Secretary of the Southern
Pacific Company.
Selects R. H. Ingrain to Act as Execu-
KRTJTTSCHNITT ANNOTTNCES
HIS FIRST APPOINTMENT
Complaint? wrre sworn to by Policeman
John J. Tiilman before Judge Fritz yes
terday charging William Duggan, Peter
Johnson. John Smith. William Tate. Ward
Miller and Qv« others, names unknown,
with participating In the riot at Market
?nd K^arny Mroets early Sunday morn
ing. The complaint formally charges
tn<rn with "ihf-n and there, with a large
leased on SIOOO Bonds Bach.
Participants in Shooting Affray Re-
RIOTERS ARE CHARGED.
Clodomir and Juan Castillo, the Colom
bian Liberal leaders, appear to be at
Trier.ta, on the Colombian side of Goa
jira. with followers estimated to number
from 500 to 2000 men. It is rumored that
the forces under Castillo and Davilaa*
men, if rescued from their predicament.
Numberless rumors are being indus
triously circulated, but a careful weigh
ing of all information from various
sources leads to the belief that the forces
of Davila, with five companions, succeeded
in reaching Fort San Carlos, thirty miles
north of Maracaibo, a Venezuelan base
and political prison, whence he asked that
reinforcements be sent to rescue his com
mand, reported to be in distress and in
danger from the Indians inhabiting Goa
jira,, who, under the leadership of their
cacique, Juan Dolores, are fighting on the
side of the Colombian Government.
Want a Political Color.
A leaflet sent to the legation by the Co
lombian Consul at Curacao gives details
of the. recent fight at Curasua, about fif
teen miles from Rlo.Hacha, on the Goa
jira Peninsula, and which probably is
identical with that referred to by Minis
ter Mendez in his dispatch to Dr. Silva
to-day. It shows that the victory over
the enemy was complete, the Colomb'ans
taking four batteries of artillery. Gatlin^
guns and a considerable amount of am
munition. General Echeverria, who led
a portion of the expedition, the represen
tative says, was killed, contrary to pre
vious advices, which said he had fallen
captive into the hands of the Colombians.
. WILLEMSTAD, Island of Curacao, Oct.
1, via Haitien cable.— Advices received
here by mall from Maracaibo under date
of September 2S says that Venezuela is
protecting the Goajira frontier by rein
forcements. An expedition composed of
about 1500 recruits from Lavela de Coro;
on the- Gulf of Coro and Merida, with
Vincente Sanchea in command, left here
to-day for some point near Goajira, whence
they will probably move Inland toward
the frontier. The foregoing covers the
facts in the case.
Some uncertainty exists in the minds cf
the officials of the legation as to whether
this victory over the Venezuelans Is iden
tical -with, that victory heretofore re
ported via Curacao, in the press dis
patches, or is the result of another fight.
Dr. Silva, the Minister, is Inclined to the
former opinion. Some stress is laid on
the statement that this invasion was
without a previous declaration of war on
Venezuela's part. This, Dr. Silva says,
shows the irregularity of the course the
latter country has taken. . Dr. Mendez,
who signs the dispatch. Is the new Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, whose appoint
ment followed the Colombian Cabinet
crisis reported from Bogota yesterday.
Artillery Batteries Taken. • .
WASHINGTON, Oct. I.— The following
cablegram was received at the Colombian
legation in this city to-night:
"BOGOTA, Oct. l.-Colombian Minister,
Washington: We have~obtalned a signal
victory over Venezuelan troops that in
vaded Goajira, under Venezuelan offi
cers, and under the Venezuelan flag,
without a previous declaration of war.
"(Signed) ABADIA MENDEZ.
"Minister of Foreign Affairs." \u25a0
Hawkes said hl3 recollection was that
he and Heistand. by the terms of the
memorandum, were to have $40,000 of the
stock and that General Corbin, George D.
Meiklejohn, Charles H. Allen, James E.
Boyd, W. W. Dudley and L. T. Michener
were to receive the remaining portions.
Only Heistand and Hawkes were present
when the apportionment was made.
Hawkes added that no testimony he
should give would connect Corbin, Meikle
john, Allen or Boyd personally with the
transaction.
Hawkes detailed a conversation with
Heistand in October, 1899, in which Hei
stand told him that Corbin and Allen had
withdrawn from the combination, and
that Meiklejohn had asked for the return
of Hawkes' letter of introduction. It was
given to Heistand. Hawkes said Heistand
suggested to him that he burn the re
mainder of the correspondence,. but he did
not accede to the proposition. . ..
During the day it was developed that
the telegram from General Otis relating
to sites for the hemp factory at Manila
was addressed to the Adjutant General. A
letter from Acting Secretary Sanger said
there was no record of a dispatch to Gen
eral Otis which called for the reply.
Major Hawkes told of a conversation
with General Corbin in relation to a set
tlement with Heistand for his services in
connection with the hemp company. He
said General Corbin told him the bill
ought to be paid and to make out his bill
and he (Corbin) would forward it through
military channels. General Corbin had
informed him . emphatically that ho was
not in the company and had nothing to do
with it. Hawkes said -he made out the
bill, but Corbin never forwarded it.
He also said that in an interview with
Assistant Secretary Allen the latter de
nied emphatically that he had any con
nection with the company. Hawkes said
he had numerous interviews with Assist
ant Secretary Meiklejohn, to whom he
had presented his claim through the
mails. Mr. Meiklejohn had said Heistand
ought to pay it. Mr. Meiklejohn, he said,
also appointed him in the customs service
In the Philippines and also promised him
promotion. Mr. Meiklejohn asked him for
recommendations before making the ap
pointment.
-Major Hawkes gave the details of his
trip to the Philippines and his return after
his appointment was revoked. He saw
Secretary Root, but the committee would
not permit him to tell anything of. what
passed between them, holding that Secre
tary Root was | not involved in the case.
Hawkes said he had interviews with Mr.
Meiklejohn In which - the latter told him
that it would be impossible for him to se
cure^ a position under the Government so
long as Mr. Root was Secretary of War.
' WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.— The Senate
Committee on Military Affairs to-day re
sumed its hearing of the charges against
Lieutenant Colonel H. 0. S. Hei%tand.
Major Hawkes, continuing his testimony,
asked that Colonel Heistand produce a
memorandum made in May, 1899, by the
colonel and himself, in which $150,000 of
the promoters' stock of the Manila Rope
Company was apportioned. Counsel for
Heistand said his client had no knowledge
of .such a document, but would search
for it.
A picturesque march, followed by equal
ly picturesque tableaux, was the leading
feature of • the entertainment given in
the Native Sons' Hall last evening in the
Carnival of Ancient and Modern Arts.
When the festivities were at their height
the hall was a scene of remarkable bril
liancy. The costumes of many nations
were displayed by those who are taking
part In the carnival. The booths, attend
ed by handsomely gowned ladies and
stocked with articles of beauty and use,
were even handsomer than on the open
ing night. A large audience listened to
the music furnished by the band of the
Hebrew Orphan Asylum and enjoyed the
tableaux. In the grand march Uncle Sam
and Columbia were attended by Johnny
Bull, who was impersonated by Mr. Mur
ray.
It was English night, and the tableaux
were "Columbia at the Court of Spain,"
\u25a0which was presented by the ladles of the
Brozik booth, Mrs. R. E. White presi
dent; "Scene From the Mikado," by the
ladies of the Sir Arthur Sullivan booth,
Mrs. J. M. Dixon president, and a scene
from "The Termagant" by the ladles of
Mrs. Chester Keough's booth. The ladles
were assisted by gentlemen who volun
teered their services.
This evening the French will celebrate
and Mrs. M. A. Cachot, Mrs. Francis
Hunt and Mrs. Van der Nailen will have
charge of the tableaux.
VENEZUELANS
SUFFER DEFEAT
their return they will take up their resi
dence in this city.
Miss Sachs is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Sam Sachs. Her father is a whole-
Bale merchant, long established in busi
ness here. She has often been heard In
charity affairs, being endowed with his
trionic talent. Julius* Ach is a brother
of Henry Ach, the attorney, and is also
prominent in the business community.
POPULAR YOUNG COUPLE
WHO WILL BE MARRIED
NEXT TUESDAT.
A tpam belonging to McNab & Smith
became stalled at Sixth and Harrison
streets yesterday morning and a large
crowd of strike sympathizers gathered,
hooting at the driver and special. A
report reached the Hall of Justice that
twj> men had been killed by strikers dur
ing this trouble and a general warning
was sent out to draymen not to allow
any more teams to be driven over the
route where the trouble was in progress.
A squad of police was hurried to the
scene and soon succeeded in dispersing
the mob. No attempts at violence were
made during the demonstration.
a driver for Teele & Co. went yester
day morning to the Southern Pacific
freight house for a load of goods. While
he was Inside getting his merchandise
somp one removed a nut from one of the
wheels of the wagon. He discovered
what had been done before he attempted
to drive away and in company with an
officer traced a group of men who were
seen near the wagon to the teamstera'
headquarters, where the missing nut was
found. Everybody at the headquarters
denied having removed the nut and would,
give no explanation as to how it came
there.
Causes Excitement.
Mistaken Report of Fatal Shooting
POLICE DISPERSES MOB.
number of other persons, to wit, about
fifty persons, and all unlawfully acting
together without authority of law and ac
companied by immediate power of execu
tion did unlawfully use force and violence,
disturbing the public peace." Warrants
were served upon Duggan, Johnson, Smith
and Tate in the City Prison and they were
booked on the charge. Detectives Wren
and Dinan served the warrant upon Mil
ler at the Receiving Hospital and booked
him on the charge. In a short time Smith,
Tate and Miller were released on $1000
bonds each, the sureties being William
Scobie, 1227 Bryant street, and J. J.
Daughney, 1 Shipley street.
Shannon will continue to act as business
agent, but the San Francisco Building
Trades Council will act in the place of
the defunct organization.
ENGLISH NIGHT DRAWS
CEOWDS TO CARNIVAL
Brilliant Tableaux Illustrate Scenes
From the "Works . of Albion's
Great Authors.
NOTABLE HUMES
ARE INVOLVED
THE marriage of Julius Ach and
Misa Beatrice Sachs will take
place at the residence \u25a0 of the
bride's parents, 1904 Franklin
street, on next Tuesday evening
at 6 o'clock. The nuptial knot will be tied
by Rabbi. Voorsanger, the contracting
parties standing under a huge floral can
opy in which will be suspended a wed
ding bell of white buds. , The interior of
the • residence will be beautifully deco
rated for the occasion. ,
The groom will have Arthur SUverberg
for his best man, but the bride will have
no -attendants except Abe Grossmayer,
her uncle, and Walter Sachs, her brother,
who will be the ribbon-bearers and also
assist in receiving, the wedding guests.
The bride will be given away by her
father, and orchestral music will lend
gayety to the pleasajit affair.
Several hundred guests will be present
at the ceremonyand at the wedding sup
per that is to follow in the huge banquet
room of the residence. The couple will
take an extended Eastern and possibly
European . trip for their honeymoon. On
musical event that has yet taken
place in California is already shown in
many ways. Among the more notable
artists to appear will be Edouard de
Reszke, the eminent basso, whose bril
liant success of last season is still fresh
In the public memory. M. de Reszke,
who Is in superb voice, will be a con
spicuous feature of the coming engage
ment, snd will be heard In several new
roles. By cablegram the complete roster
HAT the three weeks' season of
j I grand opera which begins on Xo-
II vember 11 at the Grand Opera-
H. house will be the most remarkable
of artists who are to sing here in No
vember has been received, and is as fol
lows: "
Sopranos— Suzanne Adams Bauermelster,
Van Cauteren. Calve, Emma Eames, Johanna
Gadski. Louise Reuss-Reiss, Sybil Sanderson,
Marcella Sembrich and Fritzl Scheff.
Contraltos — Carrie Bridewell. Louise Homer
and Ernestine Schumann-Heink.
TenoT z— Jacques Bars, Andreas Dlppel, Ernest
Van Dyck, G'bert, Enrileo de March!, Albert
lteiss, Thomas Saleenac and Vanni.
Barytcnes — David Bisoham. GulseDDe Cam
panari, De Clery, Dufriche, Glllebert, Adolf
Muhlmann, Antonio Scott and Travecchia.
Bassos— Robert Blass, Edouard .de Reszke,
Marcel Journet and Perello Vlnanl.
Conductors^ — Walter Damrosch, P. H. FJon
and A. SeDilli.
PALACE HOTEL.
M Pfiefer, Germany E D Baxter & w.Baltl
O W Beatty, Pa Mrs J J Doyle and two
Levi Smith, Pa daughters, pa
Ernest E Smith D E Heilly and family
E E Reed, New York L H Schenck & w. NY
S' UHman, New York A H Genney & daugh-
C E Cahn, New York ter, Newark, N J
E H De Vose. Col Miss E F Luckenbach.
F W Frankland, N Y Pa
Adolph Hlrch, NY F R Cohn, Pa \u25a0' •
0 Goldberg, New Yk Miss A H Llppinc't.NJ
F B Lawton, R I E Lippincott, N J
A N Libby, Chicago H H Lippincott, N J
Rev Dr J L> Parks, NY F A Oliver. Mass
Mr and Mrs L P Clark F W Swan, New York
Springfield W J Welst, Pa
Mrs DeWltt C West, P a Hanader, Mass
New York W F Mook & w, N Y
J Loudon. The Hague Mrs L W Beatty. Pa
G F Greene and wife, J D Murphy,. Pa '
Natchez, Miss Mrs W P Towle, Bostn
F B Macomber and Miss TVhlttmore, Mass
wife, Chicago Mrs Montgomery, NY
J Richards and w.Mont J 3 Lindsay, Boston
E L Bingham, Nevada J J Goodwin and wife,
J W Kelley and w.Bost Hartford, Conn
Mme Letellier, France JF B Jones & w. Conrt
F F Fuessenich and W Bailey and w. N J
wife. Torrlngton H C Parke Jr, Detroit
J Chauncey Linsley Mrs H C Parke.Detrolt
and wife, Torrlngton J Wilmer, Virginia
M E Riley, Torrlngton Miss H D Wilmer, Va
A. M Frank, Torington Miss D T Wilmer, Va
J DufTy, New York Miss Woolley. Ohio
C N Crevooser, Chicago C W Short and wife •
L G Wallace B D Spilmans, W Va
T T Williams, S Raf H Wells and wife, Vt
AVm Lawrence, Boston Dr J D Turner, Vermt
Miss M Lawrence, Bos Dr H M Nash, Virga
Miss J Lawrence, Bos Miss Nash,' Norfolk, Va
Miss S Lawrence, Bcs H C Ramsey, Clevelnd
Miss Lawrence, Boston E M Hills, New York
A Lawrence, Boston Mrs T G Richardson,
E L Davis, Mass New Orleans
Mrs P Thayer, Boston Miss McGrau, New Orl
Miss A Sargeant, Mass E F Warner and wife
Miss T Roberts, Phila Miss K Bllsdn. Delaw
Mrs F L Norton. N Y Miss Sarah Hugat.Del
J H Stiness & w,R I Bishop and Mrs J. H.
Mrs W Ames, R I White, Cleveland
Miss Mary B Wheeler, Bishop Leonard. Clevd
Providence, R I Mrs W A Leonard.Clev
C D Leffenquel, Maine Miss F S Sullivan
Miss A G Leffffenquel, J T Thompson& w.NY
Bar Harbor, Me E G Weed and w.Fla
Mrs A Cheney, Boston MA Beard, 3 children,
Miss Cheney, Boston Spokane
Miss A F Oden, Boston G E Grlswald, Chicgo
Miss A R Loving, Boat W T Manning:. Nashv
F A Lewis, Boston Miss F B Hurd.Newrk
C L Hutchins. Mass W P Hammon, Oriville
E Emos & wife. N Y Mrs Twlng, New York
A J C Sowdon, Boston Miss J C Emery, N Y
Miss M Cole, Phlla J C Smith and w.Detrt
Miss E C McVlckan. Miss Erist, Pa
Providence, R 1 Miss Allen, Phila
W N McVlckar, R I Miss Foster, Phila
Mrs W W Fair, Phlla Eis Emery. Phila
Mrs P Boss, N II Mrs Prlnon, Phila
Mrs W Adams, Boston Mrs G W Bowers
Mrs J B Bradt, Boston Mrs M J Allen. Boston
R T Payne, Boston. Miss R G Allen. Bostn
Mrs J W Weed. N Y Miss L R Allen. Bostn
Miss A R Luther. Chgo Rev II W Nelson & wf
Miss J Hoffman, Minn Boston"
Miss R Stahlman.Mtnn Miss K D Nelson. Bostn
D XV Dawson. NY Rev and Mrs E S
S Solomon. New York Rousendinne. Frovee
D Brown & wife, N Y Miss G W Baxter.Mass
W Carr and w. Pittsbg Miss E Knight, R I
Miss Chase. Connectct D and Mr "W B Bodlne,
Mies M Tweed, Conn Philadelphia
E R Hawkins & w.Pa Miss A Bodlne. Phlla
Mrs K Larzlere. Phlla Misa M L Bodine, Pa
Miss E Albrecht. Pa Miss N F Lewis
L Albrecht, Phlladelpa Rev and Mrs Augustine
A Amory, Mass S D McConnell. N Y
Mrs C F Klngsle.y. NY Rev G R Hazard, JUT
Miss H N Lyon. N Y Rev C S Homestead, Pa
J 8 Murphy, New York Mies Kerr, Pa
S R Dorrance & w.RI Miss Sanderson, . Pa \u25a0
Miss. Dorrance. Provid C A Cooke, Boston .• \u25a0
Miss Gardner, Provdce R H Stewart, Boston
Miss Pegram. Provdce E G Currin& wf, N C
C G Saunders. Boston [L De Lohel and son.
Miss E S L Saunders. Paris, France
Boston L Sherry and wife, NY
R Evans and wf.Iowa Mrs E W Mason, three
Miss M Evans. Iowa daughters. New York
W Myndern. New Yrk
GRAND HOTEL.
W W Dixon, N Y \u25a0 Memphis, Tenn
A Vance, Eureka Mrs R J Hall, Tenn
A F Johnson, Denver Miss M Johnson, Fla
H 8 Johnson, Denver F" P Davenport & w, |
F Samuelson, Neb Miss F Gilbert, 111
R Ventusta, Neb Mrs M A Hicks, Ark
P L Stafford, Whittier Miss S M Crow. Ark
R S Badman, Los A . J F Hicks, Ark
F A Mills, Los Angeles Mrs G R Byllesly. Pa
S P Steele. Ala Miss S E Byllesly Pa
G H Manning & wife, j j Hollowav, & wife,
Washington, D C Wheeling, W Va
Mrs A B Murgaroyd, J S Murray & w, Md
Washington, DC D Burkhalter, Bkrsfid
Mrs E N Fairchlld, Mrs A Stoussat. Md
Monticello. N Y Miss Snowden. Md
Miss A D Fairchild, Miss Crowe, Md \u25a0\u25a0
Monticello, N Y Mrs W B Tromble, Md
Rev A H Proffltt, N Y Miss Casey, Md
1 G Baumgardner, Pa Miss M D Davis, Md
J McClung & w. Pa WE Potts & w. Sierra
J Frenkenberger & w, J A Staunton Jr & w,
Pittsburgh Pa Springfield, Mass
J H Adams, Boston Miss I J Walker, Mass
S P AlbrtclU, Phlla R A Wattson. Tenn , .
E P Putnam. Conn L C Ode.Youngstown.6
E E Forrer, Dayton. O J C Crooks. Oakland
R E Morrow & w, Cal A J . Larson. Lodi
H L LongBtaff&w, NY D, Lurdner, N Y
B P Barker, Livermore R Harte, Sacramento
G Schultz & w, Chicgo D II Browne. Clevelnd
E Greenwald. Mich Mrs G J Titus. Chgro \u25a0
Mrs C H Aldrich, Dnvr Mrs F J Raiper, H T
H E/Norvell, w & ch, A A Smallfleld, Stcktn
J?B6hvHle, Tenn Mrs J A Redmond,
Mrs J Shortrldge, Tenn Boston
/ Misses Hooks, Mobile J H Clark, S D
Mrs Ourn, Mobile, Ala A R Cowden, U S N
Miss Dlelton. Fla Miss M H Beckley, Pa
E A Sunderlin, Colo Mrs A B Gillespie, Del
Miss R W Sunderlin, Mrs H C Taylor, Iowa
\u25a0Colorado Springs, Col Miss Wear>e. Iowa •\u25a0•
W W Campbell, Colo C D Ellis & w. Utah
L F Ford. Point Loma Mrs P N Nicholas. NY
F M Seamans, Mass Miss T«.Uterson. N Y
F A Coe. Woodland N F Reynolds, Penn
M H Murray, Sta Cruz R Hoy, Penn
Mrs T F Wallace. Tex M H Meyerhoff&w. NY
J T Thatcher, Tex A H Barrlnston. & w,
Mrs H Easton, Tex . Wisconsin
J C Haullins, Pa F Andrew, Cincinnati
J L Pratt. St Paul W B Warren, St Louis
J Duffy. Cal Capt Wm Hare Fla \u25a0
E Reese & w, Guam • Mrs A Matter, Malaga
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. '
Miss A Albertson. Chg Miss E Bruce " Ohio \u25a0
F W Tucker, El Paso J T Homan, Arizona
W L Moreland, Ind G Eakars & fam Iowa
E H Murphy, DC J H Montee, Kansas
E Lamb, St Louis A J May, w & daueh
Miss Carrol, St Louis Girard. Kan
Miss Stanford, Texas : J H E j)lmond Men
J F Park & w, Napa G R Guthrie. El Paso
E E Green, Merced .1 Parker, • Ohio
W Thornton, Salt Lake W D Bruner Ohio
W F Allen, Pac Grove F B Clarke Iowa
M J Johnson, Seattle A Magell. Salt Lake
C P Brown, Seattle L H Graham, Illinois .
J S Moore, N Y M M Thorn & w, 111
Captain Smith. Alaska W P Miessemer Ind '
Mrs E V Durnelle & 3 J J Wilhelm, Illinois B
daughters, Prtervllle D H Clettenberg, Illi
Mrs M O \u25a0 Richardson, J Robinson, < N J •
Porterville . W Swim. Kansas
W P Talbot & w. 111 V T S Ballard, Iowa :
J H Baurner, Chicago W W Bateman, N Y
A Bronge, Chicago D Clark, , Clifton
S W Green, Salt Lake J M Bruce, Cincinnati
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Train Goes Through Bridge in Mex
ico and Two of Crew Are
Killed.
AUSTIN, Tex., Oct. 1.— A dispatch from
Monterey, Mexico, says a freight train on
the Monterey and Mexican Gulf Railroad
went through a bridge near Lomo Alto.
Among the cars was one loaded with dy
namite. The concussion caused it to ex
plode, adding horror to the destructive
ness of the wreck. Two members of the
train crew were killed.
DYNAMITE-LADEIT CAB
EXPLODES IN A WBECK
the present strike was reported yesterday
to M. J. White, secretary of the Soclety
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
The case was that of the family of Ed
ward Campbell, longshoreman, and
member of the Longshoremen's Union, re
siding at 141 Main street.
Secretary White on investigation found
the mother and four little children living
in a wretched hovel in absolute want.
There was nothing in the house for the
mother and children to eat and not a cent
of money with which to buy anything.
Besides bein? in danger of starvation, the
wretched family was also in danger of
I'-'Fing Its home. Since the strike com
menced they have had no money with
which to pry the rent and last week the
'fwncr of the house had the furniture
thrown into the street. But after the
landlord learned how destitute the family
was he gave permission for them to oc
cupy the house for another week.
Before the strike was declared Edward
Campbell as a. longshoreman was earning
FufScier.t money to support his famllv, but
as :-oon as the strike w».s commenced and
he wa.« forced into idleness his family was
quickly reduced to suffering and want.
Campbell, as a member of the Longshore
men's Union, waf? entitled to strike
benefits, but his benefits amounted only
to a email suppiy of groceries. And the
supplies of groceries, insufficient as they
were for a growing tamilv. were discon
tinued aft«=r the first few allowances.
Campbell, fearing to accept work in this
city lest h» rhould be beaten by the strik
er?, left two we»»ks ago for Uklah, where
he expected to secure work on the rail
road. Since then he has not been heard
from.
Secretary White turned the case over to
the Associated Charities and the members
of that society will try to alleviate the
sufferings of Striker Campbell's family.
A case of extreme destitution caused by
Longshoreman's Wife and Children
in Destitute Condition.
FAMILY IS STARVING.
members of the Metal Trades Association
ure determined more than ever not: to
accede to the demand of the strikers for
fa. nine hour day. Still, they fail to under
stand why the union permitted so many
of its men to return to work on an agree
ment calling lor ten hours temporarily,
and immecuateiy thereafter recalled the
machinists, all of whom were willing to
continue operations on the ten hour basis.
The only tneory advanced for this by the
metal trades men is that the union otiicers
feared that the moral effect upon the
strikers when it was gv neraliy known that
ten hours was the rule at the National
Foundry would be to cause a general
stampede, regardless of official ar
rangements, in order that the ieaders
mignt not lose control of the men, pre
sumably, it was decided to hold out for
the nine hour rule, and for that reason, it
Is argued, the union men at the National
Iron Works were recalled.
The statement issued by the Machinists'
Union at its meeting- Monday night that
the men returned to the National Iron
Works without any definite arrangement
concerning hours having been reached is
declared to be absurd by Messrs. Mar-
Ehutz and CantrelL proprietors of that
foundry. They a#ert that the men re
turned under the positive agreement that
they were to work ten hours until the
regular winter schedule of nine hours was
inaugurated. After the leaders had ac
cepted this proposition, the employers
reason, they realized that the act would
be regarded by the public as virtual
defeat for the strikers, and they therefore
recalled the men as stated.
The National Foundry was virtually
closed yesterday. In anticipation of the
possible return of the men who worked
Monday, the fires were started, but none
of the machinists appeared. A dozen or
two pickets were on hand, however. In
readiness to "argue"' the question with
the men should they come, but their
watching was fruitless. Several of the
men showed up during the day and had a
conference with Mr. Cantre'll, but the
latter stated that it was impossible to
grant the demand made upon him. This
was accepted a? final and the men re
turned to their homes.
That the machinists do not agree with
their leaders in all particulars was evi
denced when two union men went to worn
at the Union Iron Works. In addition to
these te:i molders and helpers were added
to the working force at that institution.
The management of the Risdon Iron
Works say that the ten men secured on
Monday worked yesterday and that they
were satisfied with the situation. The
men themselves say that they will con
tinue io work as long: as they are wanted.
They assert that they need money and
that the ten hour scale is perfectlysatis
factory to them.
The failure of the National Iron Works
people to retain the twenty-two men who
returned to work on Monday was the
subject of general comment among the
metal trades yesterday. It was believed
that the return cf the union machinists
In accordance with an agreement to work
ten hours practically settled the machin
ists' strike. When, after working half a
day, the men decided to work nine hours
only and promptly quit work at the expir
ation of that time the situation assumed
a new and more disagreeable phase.
Notwithstanding the result of Monday's
operations at the National Foundry, the
A meeting of hog owners has been called
for next Saturday at the Courthouse in
this city and steps will be taken to have
State and Government experts visit this
county and study the disease, which has
already caused a loss of upward of $50,000.
R. H. Blossom has lost 1000 hogs, Charles
Hesse 200, M. Gonsalves 223, Frank
Hougton . 250, W. Lantz., 500 and many
others smaller numbers. The disease has
just reached J. W. Boyd's band and J.
I. Casale has noticed' symptoms in his
drove of 500. It is estimated that 4000
hogs have died from the disease in this
county.
RED BLUFF, Oct. 1.— There has been
great mortality among hogs' in Tehama
County and in one instance, out of a drove
of 540, 500 have died. It is a fact worthy
of note that the hogs in good condition
withstand the disease much better than
those in poorer .condition and young hogs
suffer first.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Loss Is Already Estimated
at More Than Fifty Thou
sand Dollars.
Sunday Morning Rioters Are
Released Under Heavy
Bonds.
Machinists' Attitude De
stroys Hope of Set
tlement.
Strange Disease Cutting
Down Droves in Te
hama County.
HOGS ARE DYING
BY THOUSANDS
EMPLOYERS SAY
NO CONCESSIONS
SINGERS OF GREAT FAME
ARE ENGAGED BY GRAU
List of Artists Who Will Appear Here Bears Names
of Celebrated Vocalists.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1901.
WILL BE WEDDED UNDER
A HUGE FLORAL CANOPY
Miss Beatrice Sachs and Julius Ach Are to Be Made
One by Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger. ;
9
POSTUM CEKEAL.
J\TH7T.yR.TTRTrM KHI'lit,
is all digestible and
nourishing. Mellin's
Food is really " some-
thing to eat."
SEND A POSTAL FOR A FREB
SAMPLE OP MLELLIN'S FOOD.
Mellin's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
DH.MEYERS&CO. Jf§Sl%.
Specialist. DIseasa |p||(f
and weakness of fgS^/ f
men. Established W^JS y^Bft.^gJ
1SSL Consultation If/jL \r[
and private : book \^& y t \ I i
tree, at office or by
caiL Cures guax- \&<&Mt££!&W
anteed. 731 Mar- Jl^3fi3s£Lx •
ket street (eleva- " /^ESrf^t' '•'
tor entrance), Saa
jt? x&nc«3co%
glad to give Portum Food Coffee a trial,
end when we understood that by long
boiling it would bring out the delicious
flavor we have been highly pleased with
it.
"It Is one of the finest things for nurs-
in-g mothers that I have ever seen. It
keeps up the mother's strength and In-
creases the supply of nourishment for the
child if partaken of freHy. I drank it be-
tween meals instead of water and found
St most beneficial.
"Our 5-year-o!d boy has been very deli-
cate since birth and has developed slow-
ly. He was white and bloodless. I be-
gan to give him Postum freely, and you
would be surprised at the change. When
any person remarks about the great Im-
provement we never fall to tell them that
we attribute Ms gain in strength and
general health to the free use of Postum
Food Coffee, and this has led many
friends to use It for themselves and chil-
dren. - -
*"I have always cautioned friends to
•whom I have spoken about Postum to
follow directiora in making it, for unless
it Is boiled fifteen or twenty minutes it
is <;uite tasteless. On the other hand,
when properly made it is very delicious.
I want to thar.k you for the benefits we
have derived from the use of your Pos-
tum Coffee." Mrs. W. W. Earnest, 727
Ninth avenue, Helena, Mont
"My husband has been unable to drink
coffee for several year?, so we were very
COFFEE FOR MOTHERS.
The Kind That Nourishes and Sup-
plies Food for Mother and Child.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1901.*
10
SPIRITUALISM — Cowtlnned.
BROCK WAY'S psychic seance Sunday, Tues-
day, Wednesday Thursday and Friday, 8:15
p.m.;25o. 293 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C J.
Meyer 1 sittings dally; test to all to-night 10c.
PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st— Readings, 50o, $1;
clr. Bun.. Tues.. Thurs. and Frl. nlghtB. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied ln life, or have domes-
tic, Jove or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fail; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk st.; readings by mall.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails: has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Mondays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215',-g Sixth St.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
genta $1; palm, and clalr. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1HS Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
PROF. JOHN J. HULTHEN, clairvoyant,
\u25a0palmist and card reader; reveals past, present
and future; 50c. 1007% Market st, near Sixth.
MISS M. WILLE, greatest of all crystal seers;
reads your life correctly; tells past, present,
future ;full names given ;slttings 50c.326A Ellis.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm. ;
she has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names given; L. 50c. G. $1. 1079 Mkt. cor. 7th.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken, 25c up. 777 1 / 4Market St., room 18.
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6tln German spoken; tel Jessie 1563.
MRS. MALLORY, spiritual card reader; send
stamp for cir.; L, 25c; G., &0c. 917 Howard.
MAE HANSEN. card reader and palmist, tells
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Cth st, room 14.
MRS. E. L. DAVIS, the great clairvoyant
card reader; ladles 25c, gents 50c. 28 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to S. 282 Minna st, nr. Fourth.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;palmlstry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448*4 Jessie st. bet. Sth and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. E Fourth st
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become dfsgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 151114 Market st. ; phone Mint 1095.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating- Works — Cleaning,
3c;renovated;relald. 105 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.,
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works :prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gatfe ave. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr., SS-iO Sth £t ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
PROF.Strassburgcr fromN.Y., specialist on feet
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR.~TrT~HlGGINs] 9^7^IarkeT~_treetT
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, {5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10: teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold' crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. XV. THATCHER, M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings', extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell. st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
60c; plates. $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, ?3; fillings, 25a
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy Et. — Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. 5! gT
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St.
DR. R. L. WALSH 815%Geary.nr.Larkin— Paln-
. less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly ln Murphy bldg.
DETECTIVE f AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legiti-
mate detective business; divorce caws posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 323-324. San Francisco; tel. South 381.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREEXY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. filO Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—,
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATION AX,.
AYRES' Leading BusinesT'conege, 723 Market—
|S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc-; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat free.
A CLASS in vocal musio has been organized
to meet each Friday evening in the First
United Presbyterian Church. Golden Gate
ave. and Polk st., under the direction of Pro-
fessor W. T. Wiley; all lovers of music In-
vited; $1 for 12 lessons; book furnished.
A LAW DEPARTMENT of the Night School
for men at the Y. M., C. A. opens Tuesday,
Oct. 1; tuition J50 a year; three nighta a week;
prospectus now ready; registration open; In-
structor Geo. H. Boke of jurisprudence dept.
A— The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $bO; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school fcr the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan .building.
CORRESPONDENCE Schools' students assisted
evenings: lessons in mathematics.- mechanics
and drawings; send for circulars. 3040 Six-
teenth st. J. F. KLENCK. .
CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue 'free. 305 Larkln st.
CALIFORNIA Medical College— Regular term
opens October 7. Full information write D.
MACLEAN, M. D.. dean. Donohoe bldg., S.F.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ"-
- ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rottbldg.; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec., mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. pity Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
. Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st
WANTED— Good mandolin players for • select
club, and violinist, etc.; for amateur orches-
tra. S. F. Conservatory. y S01 Jones st. .
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st -
ACTING — Send to Grand Opera-house \u25a0 for clr-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
MARY P. 'WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, COc; piano for practice. 89 Fifth st
-EDUCATIONAL-— Continued.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PaRTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine Bt
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1E63; new 80- page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and~^ChTneso"help of ~ all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st: tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable, help. 624 Bush St. J tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main -5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS cook with the best of city
references desires a situation ln American
family^ J. F. CROSETT & CO., 816 Sutter st
LADIES': maid or nursery governess— Re-
flned German girl, wishes a situation as nur-
sery governess or ladies' maid; good seam-
stress; also understands hairdressing and
manicuring; good references. Call or add.
12 Fella pi., off Powell, bet. Bush and Pine.
A BOOKKEEPER, young lady, neat, with ex-
ceptional clerical ability, -.desires Immediate
position; experienced stenographer, type-
writer, bookkeeper;- salary moderate; refer-
ences. Box 703. Call office.
DRESSMAKER, -stylish and perfect fitter, de-
Bires engagements ln families or at home;
ladles' tailoring a specialty. 711 Post St., near
Jones.
RELIABLE girl wishes position, general
housework and cooking, by the day or morth,
$1 50 per day. Apply Thursday, SO Rausch St.,
off Howard, between Seventh and Eighth.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class, go
out by the day; tailor made suits a specialty.
1532 Polk st. . .
GIRL desires situation for second work and
waiting; wages $20 to $25. Call at 621
Florida st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants position doing
housework; no heavy washing; city or coun-
try 1 wagea S20 and $25. 316% Rich st.
AN experienced ladies' tailor and dressmaker
wishes work by the day ln families; $1 75;
city or country. Box 727, Call Office.
LADY wishes to take charge of house or take
care of an invalid; good references; at home
Wed, and Thur.. 10 to 2 o'clock. 729 Pine st.
A SITUATION wanted by a young woman to
do general housework and cooking. Call 2951
Pine st.
WANTED by a lady, a position as attendant
to Invalid, or housekeeper in clergyman's
family. Apply Y. W. C. A., 1259, O'Farrell.
WOMAN wants situation, housekeeper. 80
Hannah st, Oakland; Twenty-elshth and
Peralta sta.. Watts Tract.
YOUNG French girl wishes position as nurse
for a child. Apply 426 Turk st. near Larkln.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes mending
and sewing. 319-321 Ellis St., room 56.
YOUNG woman wants any kind of work by
the day or week. 67 Shipley St., off Fourth.
LADY barber wishes position in barber shop;
country preferred. Box 530, Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes position as parlor maid
and waitress or second work. Box 765, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes more work
by the day or home. B54& Stevenson st.
A YOUNG girl wishes situation to do cooking
and some housework. Call at 25Va Lafayette
st., bet. Eleventh and Twelfth, Mission and
Howard.
NEAT lady wishes position as chambermaid or
take charge of small rooming-house; refer-
ences if necessary. Address 203 Bartlett st,
ln rear.
WANTED — Position by refined experienced in-
fants' nurse; city references. Apply 1251
Hayes st. .
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation as
laundress with private family; best of refer-
ences. T. F., 1115 Treat ave.
SITUATION wanted by elderly lady as house-
• keeper; good cook; wages $30. -Address MISS
J. PETERSEN, 1022& Geary st ;
WISH place as cook ln boarding-house or In-
stitution ln the city. Address CHEE & LING,
20 Prospect place. .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms;. 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient • and respectable; free
. 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE. \u25a0
FIRST-CLASS topographical draughtsman de-
sires long or short engagements. Address
Box 732. Call office.
ENGLISHMAN, well educated, speaks and
writes French, German fluently, bookeeper,
etc.. seeks employment, clerical or otherwise:
willing to work about place or act as compan-
ion to invalid; city or country. Box 627, Call.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city 6r country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
ly; references. H. H., box 2707, Call office.
SITUATION wanted to collect rents and at-
tend to property part of unoccupied time by
an educated middle-aged American gentle-
man in payment for room and board, either
in this city or outside. Box 718, Call office.
POSITION wanted; well-educated man of 2$
years, single, good penman; best of refer-
ences as to business ability and character.
Box 621, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as man about place; un-
derstands care of horses, garden, cows. Please
call or address S. LAUX, 26 Turk st. Park
Hotel. _j
SOBER, reliable man, clerk In small grocery,
cigar store or lodging house; small wages;
experience and best references. Address Box
729, Call office^
A YOUNG man with years of experience ln
mining, milling, assaying, cyanldlng, tool-
charpenlng, etc.. solicits a position. Box 721,
Call office.
TWO or more first-class painters wish work;
have falls and other tools necessary for paint-
Ing; work by the day or contract, city or
oountry. Address Painters, 988 Howard st. ;
SOBER, temperate American man wants work
opening and cooking oysters or any work in
small restaurant or barroom. Box 720. Call
office.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged man,
steady and sober, as man about the place
or porter: can milk and drive. Box 716, Call.
ELDERLY man wishes situation as handy man
about place in city or country; small wages;
good gardener and handy with horses. Box
743. Call office. . •_
VERY respectable man, 3Q, wishes position on
gentleman's place as caretaker. . C. LECKY,
box 110, Call office.
EXPERIENCED clerk, clothing, general fur-
nishings, wishes position; . speaks Italian,
Spanish; best references. Address A. J.
ISIOLA, 420 Montgomery ave., room 14.
MAN familiar with city will drive and care for
1 or 2 horses. Box 766. Call office.
WORK as bookkeeper, cashier, expert account-
ant, business manager, ordinary clerk 'or as-
sistant or second assistant, or anything to
make a living; large experience; electric
' quickness; linguist. N. R. G., box 754, Call.
POSITION wanted by first-class planer,
matcher, rip saw. and endless belt man; good
engineer, stlckerman and handy around ma-
chtnery. - C. McG.. 713 Mission st.
AN expert accountant wishes to devote several
days a month to concerns not employing reg-
. ular bookkeeper: terms reasonable; refer-
ences. Box ?22, Call office.
PHOTOGRAPHER, young man, wishes .posl-
. tlon in photo studio; have experience. Box
S18, Call office. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
WANTED — To contract for the construction of
tunnels by an expert B. LONG. 1433 Mission.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES promoted and financed: stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and Industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
• have. 42 offices in -operation; new method ©f
placing stocks and .bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-S-9 Parrott . bldg.
NEAT reference couple wanted to rent for $16 a
! email new furnished flat complete; sunny
J>lace; lady ln till noon or in cvenlnss. 1614
Fones st - :•\u25a0
LASKIE. 27,. between Eighth and Ninth— 3 sun-
ny furnished rooms complete for housekeep-
ing; rent $1^
HELP WANTED— MALE— -Con. .(
A— MURRAY & READY Phoni Main &S4*
Leading E-apioyment and L_.Qor Agents. .
WANT. 7 A. M. TO-DAk'
WE SHIP DAILY FREE....
UKIAH RAILROAD MEN
UKIAH RAILROAX) MEN ...
CALIFORNIA & NORTHWESTERN R. R;
50 teamsters, Ukiah FREE FARi.
50 laborers Ukiah FREE FARE
W men for steel, rock and extra gangs.
Tjkiah FKEE 1'AKS
FREE FARE WE SHIP TO-DAY
MECHANICAL HELP
Bench hand, planing mill, country. $3 day;
rough .carpenter, ranch, steady job, $30 and -
found; cooper for a large company. $3 day.
steady Job; 2 rough carpenters, city; t'urnaca
man for a mine; harnessmaker, camp, $35 and
found; 3 blacksmiths and 2 helpers; well
borer, etc.; I marine firemen.
SAWMILLS— FARE PAID
LUMBER PILERS— FARE PAID
10 laborers, no experience required, to pil*
lumber, work in mills and yards. $37 50 and
found, fare paid,, see boss here, lor a sawmill
company, south; 10 more laborers, no experi-
ence required, $35 to $55 _n_ found; 5 laborers,
mills and yards, Sonoma County, $30 and
found; hook tender foe a sawmill company,
$35 to $45 and found
MISCELLANEOUS
Stableman; and do chores for a mining com-
pany, $45 and found, this Is a first-class Job;
stove repairer and handy man. country store.
\i day
Buggy washer, near city $5J
Hostler, city stable. $fiO; 3 stablemen
Man to work In city coal yard $2 day
.Choreman and' wife, country.... $45 and found
10 drillers and single hand miners. .$75 and $tij
27 ranch teamster- and farmers, etc.. $32 50.
$30 and $25; 3 dairymen and 5 milkers, $C0.
$35 and $40 and found; 3 young men. drlva
milk wagon*, etc. ; German boy learn butcher
business; man to link and try sausage. $13 50
week
LABORERS
IS laborers, handy men. etc.. different city
factories, $175 and $2 day
5 laborers, no experience, for a small mine,
$30 and found; 2 laborers, gold mine. $2 50
fare. $60: 5 muckers, mining company. $75; 3
laborers, city. $30 and found; 123 laborers, dlr-
ferent work, city and country. $1 75 to $2 50
day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT, ETC A
Cook's helper. Institution $C0 and found
Cook, 35c fare. $40; cook, small bakery, coun-
try. $40; 7 cooks, different country places;
cook, private family, country, $25; 9 waiters,
city and country. $23 and $30: porters and
kitchen help
MURRAY & READY. 634-606 Clay st.
SECOND cook wanted at 810 Kearny st ; $10
a month. ' .
DISHWASHER wanted. 1522 Kentucky st.
ERRAND 1 " boy for tailor shoo: $2 50 week. S5S
Howard, bet. 4th and 5th. over handball court
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25q
to 50c. 663 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sta.
WANTED- Able-bodied men able to handle
grain, etc.; none others need apply; wages 50o
per hour, board, lodging and protection In-
cluded. Apply to WM. THOMAS. 514 Bat-
tery st. 0
WANTED— Stevedores, seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages: per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf.
where employes are boarded and lodged on '
steamer lying alongside; men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference ln future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf. San Francisco.
1000 MEN Wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers; steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association. 209 Examiner
building. Good board - on vessel and trans-
portation night and morning provided.
'\u25a0 ~™~~*
TEAMSTERS— Steady work; good wages. 203
Front st.
AT RISDON IRON WORKS. San Francisco-
Machinists, 'bollermakera. patternmakers,
machine blacksmiths and shiDsmiths; also
young men over 17 years to serve appren-
ticeships at these trades; excellent Induce-
ments; ample protection. Apply office, Beala
and Howard sts.
WANTED — Man for private place, care for
horses, garden and chores; no driving or Sun-
day work; work Is light; good home and
steady place for right man; must be tem-
perate and reference; wagea moderate. Ad-
dress S., Call office. Santa Barbara.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch Una being
constructed, for the Sweepstake Mining Co
near Weavervllle. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply oii
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery St.. room 25, San Fran-
clsco, Cal.
WANTED- Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages or 21 and 35- not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over « feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. Foe*
further Information apply at the Recrultin;3L
office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. •';
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaran-
teed; catalogue free. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 6ST, Clay st. **"
WANTED— Lai>orers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 'lanra
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
DENTIST wanted; experienced graduate or li-
centiate; Christian. Room 11. 1065 Washing-
ton st., Oakland.
"WANTED— First-class cabinet makers. 8
Ninth st
EXPERIENCED boy for printing office -
steady: good wages. 109 California st.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailora. 115 Kearny st.
WANTED-Boy about 16 years ln confection-
ery. 1503 Geary st.
SOLICITOR for first-class tailoring establish-
ment. Box 767. Call office.
F Sr^'S- V wr. c cLir eal estate aaleama °- Ad-
A boy. e T44 r rp C ofk s fl r' 3t; a ' 3 ° a g °° d
BARBER shop for sale. 920 Battery st ; cheap.
JI25— PAYING 2-chair 1-arber shop; cheap rent.
with living rooms. Box 762. Call.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all Darts of
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged halt
price. E63 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
MCDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post-Q. a. II.
TOUN £L man to - do •J- nltor w °rk for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School. 714A Howard st.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WX-STCHTES-irE-I. House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
H et ~ 700 J°£ ms ' * nJsht: reading rooms; frea
•bus and baggage to and from, ferry.
A . B^ N^ ° tfl i* t0 * C&n -avertisementa and
subscriptions has been established at 109a
/ HOKS-S ASP WAGOJVS.
H^PKANDEXSTEIN & CO^. haTr^m^eTrrTnT
6S1 Mission st. to 813 Folsom st. with an As-
sortment of 6 al» horses; also livery and
foTet^ SnoSg*" 80MClted: tock ' Ubl »
D w I i? t f ? !1 to att en <i the special auction sal*
Y 1 ed ." esda y. October 2. at 11 a. m. at th*
Market. 327 Sixth st.' JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
™ " O*V t £r^°£ e s.* O F r . 8ale - A - "• SCOTT
*B2£t£vZ!* cheao at » L ; uh a^~^
HAND-MADE coupe cheap. Box 63. Call office.
ONE black road team, one carriage team. o__
. fast road team. 721 Howard st. lwn « oa *
I A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle buslneal
j and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G? G. a °^
C %?£$~^ m l Pan , el bod7 deI!vei Tr. 1 laundry {
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 828 HarrlX^n.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts. har-_.I\
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. an^lUtoSfY^X
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also Il*h7
camprag wagon for sale, cheap. ffiM^ 1
DISSECTING subjects • wanted. S F^ vIT
Col.. 510 G. G. ave.. Dr. E. J. C&l£ jff-
C rfi^ P « ST an(1 best ln Am erlca-Tho Weekl^
Call. 13 pages, sent to any addre« \J .7 v y •»
United States or Canada on, year "-^1 ;
HOSriTALS^
MENTAL and nervous diseaseTcared for at «jT~
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglas. «.. 8*a JY___
FLATS TO' LET.
FLJATeC "Cottages, etc \u25a0 i_ mT'sPECK & C<x!'
667 Market.
954 Eddy: u. f. 9 r... $65! 848 Waller; m. f . 5 r.$20
1432 Taylor; m. f. 7 r 4513978 18th; I. f. 5 r.... 14
2414 Van Ness; m.f.Sr 42; 619 Stevenson; h. 4 r. IS
1406 Pacific; u. f. 7 r. 27 '1424 Howard ;m. f . 3 r 8
VERY desirable upper French flat, 10 large
rooms; bay windows ln every room; beautiful
view; elegant grounds; keeping no expense to
tenant. . Northwest corner Portola st. and Du-
bose Park, oft Waller, bet. Pierce and Steiner.
COLE, 773-775, bet. Beulah and Frederick sts.—
Fine new- sunny flats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable.
A NEW sunny 4 rooms; porcelain bath; 1421
Green st , \u25a0 near Van Ness ave.
FINE sunny flat; 3 rooms: batht all latest
improvements. Key at 713 Grove st. -
NEW sunny lower 7 cooms; modern, up-to-date.
See 1 to 5 dally; Van Ness and Union. •
GROVE, 1615, near Lyon — Sunny upper flat. I
, rooms, bath, yard, cellar; Golden Gate Park.
i SUNNY 8- room; 2 kitchens; corner bay wln-
dow; middle; modern. Key 417V. Third st.
SUNNY upper flat. 6 rooms and bath; new
plumbing: first-class condition. 2108 Baker st.
! FRAMES AND PICTURES.
— Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$17 60 — SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1^-Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Seary's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st; telephone Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.
8000 YARDS carpet: leather library set, 5 pieces,
cost $125. D. GREENWALT. 703 Valencia st.
FOUNITURK WASTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer— W. P. Beauchamp. 928 Howard St.;
tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A, WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept ln repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
AT~c7 rThANSEN & CO.' S /.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses, country $20
10 waitress, city rest, and hotels $20-$3O
Manglers, Institution and hotel ...$15
Cooks, country hotels, fare paid $30-$35
Chambermaid, country hotel $20
Waitress, same place $20
German or Scandinavian chambermaid, city,
i-'O
FAMILY DEPARTMENT 4
3 housegirls, Bakersfield, see parties here
$20-$3O
Housegirl, Santa Clara County, no wash.. $20
Middle-aged woman, care of children $15
Second girl, no sweeping $23
Housegirl,, ranch work $25
Cooka, housegirls, second girls $10-$30
Nursegirl, references $15
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, Bakersfield, $25; Waitress, city, J25;
waitress, city, $20; 3 chambermaids to wait,
city, ?20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, San Rafael, $30; housegirl, $25 to $30;
Cook. $30; Working housekeeper, must write
good hand; cook with one or two children, $18.
Nevada: many other choice places
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook on ranch; 3 laundressas, $25-
$30; 4 parlor maids and waitresses,- $25; 7 sec-
ond girls. $20-$2T>; French second girl, $25; 4
nurses. $15-520; 3 restaurant waitresses, $7
and $S a week; boarding-house cook, $35; 5
cooks, plain wash, $30-J35; working house-
keeper for eating house, $25; 10 hotel wait-
resses, $20-$25; a large number of housegirls,
$20-$25.. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
MISS HORGAN ....323 Sutter st.
3 cooks, $30 and $35; 2 boarding-house cooks,
$30; 10 waitresses, $25 and $20; French second
girl, $25; nurse for Invalid, $25; 20 housegirls,
$25; nurse for children, $20; 4 second' girls,
$20-$10; housegirls, $20; chmbmd, hotel, $18-$20.
WANTED^-A tall young woman of gracious
address and pleasing appearance, thoroughly
competent to take the position of floorwalker
ln ladies' and children's furnishing goods
store. Address, stating experience and salary
expected, box 739, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS skirt makers wanted. Call at
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS. & FROHMAN, 1220
Market st. '
WANTED— Experienced operators, on women's
waists and wrappers; steady work; electric
power; good pay. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Mkt
WANTED — Competent girl; housework and
plain cooking; family 3 adults; small flat; $20.
3340 Pine st, cor Steiner.
WANTED — A girl for cooking and general
housework: references required. Apply 3740
Twenty-fifth st., corner of Fair Oaks.
WANTED— A competent girl for light house-
work ; small family; wages $20. Call between
10 and 4, 2515 Broadway, near Scott st.
GIRL for cooking and general housework;
must be a good cook; 2 ln family. Apply in
morning at 1705 Gough st.
AT 233 Third ave., Sutter or Geary st. cars —
American nurseglrl, 18 to 30 years; wages,
$15; references. Apply to-day before 3 o'clock.
VACANCY to be filled at once by a woman of
ability; rare opportunity for right party. Ad-
dress box 717, Call office.
OFFICE assistant; must understand sten-
ograpy. Call bet 8:30 and 10:30. THOMAS
Dye Works, 27 Tenth st.
SWEDISH or. German girl for general house-
work; small family: cottage. 1344 Fell St.:
apply 12 to 2. •
DRESSMAKERS wanted for alteration depart-
ment. Apply between 9 and 10 a. m.. 91S-922
Market st.
YOUNG girl for upstairs; neat and refined; 2
children. 2930^ Sacramento st., corner Brod-
erlck. .
WANTED— Experienced crockery saleslady;
give experience and wages expected; steady
position. Box 331. Call office.
GERMAN girl for grown children and sewing,
$25. 9 to 12, 2297 Laguna street, corner Wash-
ington.
TWO first-class skirt finishers. DANZIG ER.
237 Powell st.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework.
Apply at 2117 Pine St.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
WANTED— A competent washwoman: reference
required. 909 Broderlck, bet. 10 and. 12 a. m.
GIRL to assist in housework; wages $15 per
month.. Apply 718 Shrader st.
GIRL to assist with housework; one that can
sleep at homo. 40u Sixth st.
GIRL for light housework; good wages. Apply
at 1318 Folsom st. '
COMPETENT girl for housework : small fam-
ily; $15 to $20; Alameda. Box 722, Call office.
GIRLS to put up perfumes: $3 per week; refer-
• ence3. Box 723, Call office.
OPERATORS on ladlea' silk waists. 656 Mis-
sion st. fourth floor.
WANTED— Housekeeper who writes good hand.
P. H. IDOL, 1526 Fulton st.
A GIRL for general housework: 3 In family.
Call 22 Second St.
GIRL for light housework; 3 adults; $12. Call
877 Oak st. -
EXPERIENCED apprentice' wanted on coats;
good wages. 203 Sutter st.
WANTED— Girl to assist with housework and
children. 12£6 Ellis st. .
FIRST-CLASS talloress at once. F. KRA-
MER, 220 Powell st.
GIRL for general housework .and cooking:
t German preferred. 1316 Ellis st; call till 1.
WANTED — First-class ' finisher and liner. E.
E. WALLEY, furrier, 115 Kearny st
_ — . . .
WANTED— First-class finisher on pants. 104
Kearny et..- top. floor. •-••.\u25a0
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and manicure; also
an apprentice, at the Bon-Ton. 324 Post st.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted; good- pay.
631 Clay st :.
GIRLS for hand work on corsets. 231 Powell
' street. ...
FIRST-CLASS finisher on" coats. BARON. La-
• die's' Tailor. 22-24 Grant ave.
BUTTONHOLE makers and finishers on cub-
tom coats; steady work. 40 Ellis st, room 62.
SECOND work ln small family: must be a good
sower. Apply between 9 and 2. 922 Eddy st
GIRL or woman to do light housework; sleep
home. Apply lSlAOTarrell st. . ;
GIRL to assist light housework: wages $10. 537
Bryant- st. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:'-\u25a0 - ; .
EXPERIENCED hands on vesta: also an ap-
prentice. C41V4 Stevenson st.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands on 'skirts and
coats. A. CAILLEAU. 111-116 Kearny st.
HELP WAXTBP— FEWAliE-'C<w. j-^ I
WANTED — Three flrat-class tailoresaea on cus-
tom made coats; good wages; steady work. A.
F. COHN & CO.. 956-953 Washington st,
Oakland. Cal.
OPERATORS on overalls at .Levl Strauss _fc
Ca'e factory. 22V5*Fremont st; good wages;
no experience necessary. Apply to MR.
DAVia
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 18
years of age for Instruction: paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts. -
WANTED— Middle-aged woman or /^F 1 _ f ? r
general housework and plain cookins in
small family; easy place; a good home, no
wash. 105 Grove st
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts:
steady work; best prices. LOwE.nb_k_ _c
• CO.. 27 JESSIE ST.. Sth floor. -
HAND sewers at LEVI STRAUSS *_Cp.'8
overall factory. 32% Fremont st Apply to
..IMr. Davis. ;
HAIRDRESSING. dyeing, bleaching, massage,
\u25a0manicuring taught in % weeks f?r.$o; employ-
ment guaranteed. College. 143 Stockton, r. la.
OPERATORS wanted on flannel underweaj.
HEYNEMANN & CO.. 410 Mission at.
WANTED— Chambermaid at tne Manhattan
House. S25 Battery st. '
FIRST-CLASS operator and finisher on pants;
good wages. 1000 Harrison st. cor. Sixth.
WANTED— Helpers for dressmaking on waists
and skirts. Apply at 234 Post st. room 10.
PANTS finishers; steady work. 858 Howard
st. bet. 4th and Sth. over handball court -
WANTED— Two first-class millinery makers.
ABRAHAMSON BROS.. Oakland. .
PANTS finishers, also apprentices; paid while
learning; steady work. 14 McAllister St.. r. 13.
WANTED— A good buttonhole maker on cus-
tom coats. 9-7 Market St.. room 633. . j
LADIES wishing to marry call or write to
MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis St.; no charge-.
WANTED— An experienced ostrich feather
curler. Call at SOS Howard st
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt and cloak hands
and assistants. Apply 1200. Geary st. ;
WANTED— Women for light work oa fruit..
1731 Fol»om st ___
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recei ved at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
; subscriptions has been established at 1036
•Valencia Et.
lli^J_,«- VV.fl-.V-' 13, 1 > -ill i* liK.
AY^.'"R?TiAN3I_N~&"cO.'S....101 Geary St.
Railroad work - Railroad wor_
Fre« fare Free fare
FOR UKIAH
FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters $2 a day
100 laborers $2 a day
FOR NEVADA
50 teamsters -'-$2 a day
60 laborers S2 a day
..- FOR TRUCKEE
100 laborers $175 to $2 a day
Free fare Ship dally Free fare
50 laborers for sawmills and woods, $2 a day.
fares advanced; 100 laborers and drillers for
big ditch, $2 2o@2 50 a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Eastern head waiter $90
Eastern waiter $50 ,
Head laundryman. country hotel $75
10. second cooks, fryers, broilers and night
cooks, $40 to $60; 20 dishwashers, vegetable-
men and kitchen bands. $20 to $30; 10 waiters.
city and country, $30 to $33
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St. "
DONKEY engineer, $43 and found; farmer and
wife, see employer here this morning, $40:
poultryman and wife. $50; butcher boy, $10
and found; gardener and wife. $50; 4 milkers.
$30 and $35; man about place, $30; teamsters
and laborers for mine. $2 day; laborers for
factory; lumber pilers; laundryman. $35 and
found; 2 machinists for country. S3 25 day;
•car repairers; car Inspectors; cooper; vine-
yard and wine cellar man. $1 day and found;
boys for store. $4 to $5 week; laborers and
drillers, $2 25 to $2 50 day. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
CLERK for country store, see employer ln city.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
HOTEL cook and second cook, country hotel,
$100; oysterman and cook, $40 and found;
boarding-house cook, $40: hotel waiters, coun- \
try, $30; man and wife' for institution. $40;
pantrymen, porters, dishwashers and other
hotel and restaurant help. J. F. CKOSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
A— W. D. EWER & CO 610 Clay st.
Head milker for large ranch $35
2 orchard hands $23 '
Farmer. Sacramento County $26
2 men for clearing: land $2ti
Porter; country hotel $20
Dishwasher for institution $20 i
Baker, country shop i
Baker's helper, country shop.... $25 and found
2 waiters, hotel, city $25
Porter for saloon $9 a week
Cook for sailing vessel $30
A-^FARMER and wife for gentleman's private
orchard; Sonoma County; light place for
wife; $10. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton st— Nurse for
Institution, $23; second cook, $65; night cook.
$C0; 2 waiters for country hotels, $30; omni-
bus, first-class hotel, $30: dishwasher, $30 and
found; potwasher, hotel near city, $23; kitch-
en hand, $25 and found; bedmaker, $25; kitch-
en porter, $25; young man to learn waiting,
country, $30.
BOSS BARBERS, ATTENTION!
There will be a special meeting of the Master
Barbers' Association of San Francisco at 102
/O'Farrell st, Tuesday . evening at 9 o'clock,
to consider and discuss matters of interest to
every boss barber of San Francisco who em-
ploys one or more men; your welfare Is con-
cerned, so do not fall to be present. S. HEL-
LER. Secretary. Master Barbers' Association
of San Francisco.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment 927 Market st.. room 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
PIANO or organ player for song and dance
1 specialties with specialty company and for
work ln farces; state lowest salary first letter;
. I pay board. G. W. REHN. Exeter. Tulare-
County, Cal.
WANTED— 100 teamsters by the E. B. & A. L.
' Stone Co. for their camp near Jackson, Azn-
ador Count v< Cal.; wages for 2-horse team-
sters, $2 per day; wages for 4-horse team-
sters, $2 25 per day: board $4 60 per week.
A MAN with experience to pack groceries for
shipment and drive delivery wagon; must
furnish references; apply after 8 a. m. Wed-
nesday. JQHNSON BROS.. 1843 Polk St.
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, veg-
etablemen. porters and pantry boys; no fee.
127 Mason st.
ERRAND boy wanted; chance for advance-
ment: references required. Inquire between
9 and 10 a. m.. 63S Market st.
HONEST. 6ober man with $73 ln established
business; can make $15-$1S per week; no risk.
Call at once. 78 Third st. room 2.
YOUNG man to fill position as office assistant:
must be quick at figures and wrlt«> a good !
hand. California Business College. 305 Larkln.
CARPENTERS (non-union); no office fees.
Mechanics' Registration Bureau. 410 Kearny
st, room 24.
WANTED — An able-bodied young man who un-
derstands the care of horses and Is not afraid
of work. Address «Box 714, Call office.
WANTED— A young man for assistant book-
keeper; call bet. 4 and 5. HETTY BROS., j
electrical works, 126 Eddy st.
GOOD wrapper. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 718 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED — A prepser on ladles' cloaks. D. M.
DAVIDSON & CO.. 52 First st
COATBASTER wanted; steady work. 947
Market st
TAILORS wanted: steady work; good wages.
F. KRAMER. 220 Powell Et.
CUTTER and all around tailor at once; coun-
try. 626 Commercial st. city.
WANTED— 2 tailors. 701 Geary st. •
BTJSHELMAN for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st. '
GOOD coatmaker to work Inside; good wages.
225*£ Montgomery ave.
STRONG. Intelligent boys IS to 20 years to
learn machinist trade. 505 Mission st
WAITER and dishwasher wanted at 103 Hayes
street. .
PIPE fitters and helpers wanted. 87 Market
street \u25a0
— — __________
EXPERIENCED clothing cutter on shop work.
20 Sansome st, upstairs.
BOY to run elevator. 410% Mission st.
TAILOR wanted for bushellng. 827 Sutter st.
near Leavenworth.
ERRAND boy wanted. 22 Second st Vv/:
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted. • 607. Sacramento
St.; Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
BARBER wanted. Grand Hotel barber shop.
! BOY wanted at 113 Davis st FREYGANG-
LEARY Co.
(WAITER nt tha Potrero Hotel.- 301 Twenty-
necond st. : $30 and found.
STRONG young man. IS to 20 years, used to
Janitor -work, 9 a. m. 12 Front st
j LADY- wishes partner with $150 for cigar
i store. 2S7 Fourth st., corner Folsom.
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
A— $3500; GROCERY and bar; estab. 18 years)
flne trade. A. H. RESTLOFF. 906 Market st
1200— PARTNER wanted; light business; suited
to plain, steady man satisfied with $15 to $13
a week, with chance of Increase; no experi-
ence required. 26 Geary st, room 1.
GROCERY and bar; corner store; doing a
good business. Apply JACKSON BREWING
' CO.. 142S Mission st /
WANTED— To purchase ln Oakland, good bus-
iness not to exceed $2000; state particulars.
Bex 2326. Call office. Oakland. \u25a0 \u25a0
WANTED — For an old established corner gro-
cery and liquor store, south of Market, a
proper tenant Apply at Washington Brew-
ery, cor. Lombard and Taylor sts., forenoon.
FOR SALE— The Call agency ln Santa Cruz;
price $1200.
$800 AND $850— Fine opportunity to Invest ln
established blacksimth business; price ln each
case covers stock, tools and good-will. Ad-
drees box 2S3, Call office.
WANTED— Party with capital to buy Interest
ln turf Information company during racing
season. Address box 502. Call office.
TO let— Front stall In Grand Western Market
for butter, eggs and delicatessen business. J.
i H. EGGERS. 1312 Polk Et.
SALOON for sale — On account of sickness .of
owner; good trade. Apply to GEO. D.
SHEARER & CO.. San Rafael. Cal.
BAKERS— To let. large store, with oven; good
location; well adapted for bakery and coffee
saloon. 221 Ellis st
A— $76; FRUIT, cigar and lunch etore; good
trade. Pacific Business Exchange, 765 Market
$2500 WANTED; a great opportunity; business
paying 200 per cent Box 726. Call o..ce.
PAYING restaurant cheap: will sell half to
right man. 410 Kearny st.
S276 — DELICACY store; S rooms, yard; receipts
$9 dally. Paclflo Exchange, 76S_M_rket 8 t.
WANTED— Partner ln a small restaurant, with
$100; cook preferred. Box 730. Call office.
$S0 — BRANCH bakery, candy, notions, laun-
dry; suitable for lady. 437 Fulton st_
CANDY factory, Ice cream soda parlor; also
soda fountain: sacrificed. 250 Ellis st.
LADY wants gentleman buy interest establish-
ed business; terms suit buyer. Box S65, Call.
FOR sale — A grocery and bar. Inquire at An-
chor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st, near Larkln.
FOR sale — Grocery business ln resident part of
San Jose. Address D., Call office, San Jose.
CIGAR store for Bale. 229 Fourth Bt.
UNDERTAKING— Will buy an Interest or form
company. Box 815, Call office.
FOR SALE— Large saloon ln Western Addi-
tion. Apply Bavaria Brewery.
FOR sale — An old established rrult store; owner
retiring from business. 418 Third st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ALL BARGAINS. CALL FOR LIST.
15 rooms; Geary st; $250 cash; only $575
M rooms (the best); clears $300 3000
to rooms; partly furnished; only 900
20 rooms; new; elegant; clears $150 1500
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
19 rooms on one floor 900
8 rooms; fine yard 350
83 rooms: worth $2S00 1600
10-room house- fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
6-room flat; fine corner 300
36 rooms; on Market st 1900
10 rooms; north of Market st 450
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350
18 rooms; on Sixth st. ; <jlears $S0 S00
24 rooms; on Market st; clears $150 1600
IS rooms; corner; Just like home 1400
10 rooms; on Mason st; new 750
32 rooms: Offices; cleare $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments . 1250
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
$450— DOWNTOWN ; 14 rooms; cheap' rent:
near Market and Fifth sts.; clears $75; other
business cause' of selling. Apply DECKER,
1020 _Market st \u25a0
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
COME TO US FOR BARGAINS.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES
Any of the following on monthly payments:
. 24-room worklngman's house; cheap rent. $500
6-room flat; all rented 225
42 rooms; grand halls: fine Income 2600
14 rooms; transient; clears $123 600
SO rooms; flne furniture; see this bargain.
21 rooms; $&00 cash, balance' payments.... 1000
60 rooms; rent J100; clears $250 150C
100 rooms; grand corner; clears J400 6000
70 rooms; modern; clears $230 4000
12 rooms; Turk st: all rented 325
CALL. -WE CAN SUIT YOU.
11 rooms; desirable location 450
7 rooms; O'Farrell st I 400
16 rooms; Howard st; housekeeping 800
12 rooms; Buth st C00
£4 rooms: Geary St.; payments ."1900
15 rooms; Sutter St.: central 600
MONEY LOANED Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, SOC Mrkt. cor. Ellis, r. 12.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, rooms 1, 2.
Office near Call Building.
I havep4 salesmen; money to loan; long list.
40 rms.; near theaters and street cars; rent
$4 a room; roomers pay $10 to $15 per room;
house clears about $115 each month; terms %
cash, balance monthly installments $:G0O
20 rms.; new oak furniture; new heavy Brussels
carpets; rent $50; full of men; income always
more than $125; all light rooms; owner must
sell at once because of death In family.. $600
10 rms.; on Golden Gate ave.; flne sunny house;
large rooms; furniture good; each month
clears $*0 ..$S50
61 rms.; clears about $2C0 a month; I will
exchange for farm or sell for ft cash — $4000
14 rms.; central corner; newly furnished; clean;
clears $53 per month; offices; all men — $1030
8 rms.; rent $20; clears $45 per month S300
Several hotels and boarding-houses; all sizes.
Above are samples; please call for free list.
11 ROOMS; rent $35; must be sold $100
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $40.. 439
7 rooms; nicely furn.; good home 375
10 rooms; good fur., carpets; Bush St.... 800
45 rooms; flne sunny corner; central.... 3700
100 r. ; flne location; good money maker.. C000
12 rooms; newly renovated; fine; sunny.. 1200
17 rooms; rent $70; a money maker 1250
22 rooms; corner: good transient; clean.. 1500
19 rooms; sometnlng good; eee It 2500
65 rooms; elegant; one of the best 8000
$5000—87 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$£50—14 rooms; O'Farrell: rent $43; bargain.
We furnUh all the money you need.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S30 Market st
A. CAMERON & CO..
EM Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 228.
"\u25a0See our list of bargains.
45 r. ; oak and mahogany fur.; clears $100.$3000
29 r.; rent $125; oak fur.: good carpets 2350
80 r.; rent $125; Al trans.; flne fur 2200
24 r. ; rent $110; everything good and clean 1000
21 r.; rent $45; walnut fur.; housekeeping. 10C0
17 r. ; rent $100; good fur. and carpets.... 15G0
10 r. ; rent $47 GO; oak fur.; carpets good.. BoO
7 r.; rent 535; golden oak fur 250
5 r.; rent $18; modern flat; pood fur 250
Over BOO houses listed. Call before buying.
ATTENTION!— Buyers will find it to their ad-
vantage to call and examine list of FISHER
6 CO., P25 Market st. phone Folsom 1592.
24 r JllCO 22 r $S0O 16 r $$00
20 r lir,0 20 r 800 14 r 450
18 r 1000 IS T...... COO 12 r 400
15 r 700 8 r 850 10 r 400
8 r 650 6 r 225 7 r 225
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st "
15 rooms; sunny corner; cheap rent $1000
16 rooms; rent $50; part cash 1000
37 rooms: rent SSO; reduced to 800
IS rooms; rent $37; clean house 800
20 rooms; central; flne furniture 1200
28 rooms; rent $50; a snap 900
R, G. WILKE, 26% Kearny, rooms 9 and 10.
We have about 300 houses enlisted and great
bargains; ccme and see our list and we know
we can satisfy you; houses to trade,' to ex-
change and money loaned; don't forget the
office. It is" S6H Kearny st, rooms 9 and 10.
$1500—20 NICELY furnished rooms; all rented;
rent J100 per month.
$830—12 flne furnished rooms; rent $60.
$400—8 fine furnished rooms; rent $30.
All north of Market Et. ; good location.
FRANK E. DENNEN. Room 32. 14 McAllister.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 191L
317 Market et. near Fifth.
A— WANTED at once, tenants for new 60 to
100 room houses. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO..
€67 Market, st
"WANTED— For cash, good 15 to 25 room house;
central: well furnished. Address box 668. Call.
LODGIXG-IIQUSES WANTED. ' ~
WANTED— Lodging-house of 30 or more rooms.
Box 719. Call office. .
SPIRITUALISM.
COME and see C. vTl5lli_r''_ wonderful seances?
Sun.. Tues., Frl.. S p. m.. 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; received medals from many
countries; taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 1084 Bush st ; tel. 2273 Larkln.
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM. spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; cir. Sun
Wed, and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st!
MRS. HUBIIARD, 109 Oak Bt: circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m.; Wednesday, ladies 2-30
p. in.. 10c; readings dally, DOc.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings $1*
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st : Ellis car.
MME. GYEISN. well-known trance medium;
sittings daily from 1 to 5 and 7 to 9 p. m. ex-
cept Sunday. SS3 Market St.. parlors 14-15.
Mustafa— Egyptian materializing seancs, Sun..
Wtd..Frl..8 p.m.,25c; sittings daily. 1610 Bush.
EARLE. independent elate writer; 828 Ellis; teL
Polk 1601; seance Tues., Thurs., Sun., 8 p. m.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until i2 o'clock every right in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:S0 p. m.
200 Hayes street; open until 8:39 p. m.
£29 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1M1 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
£2£1 Market Etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 1p.m.
JC96 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
M EETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2, R. and 8.' m
_i.. will meet THIS (WEDNESDAY) _A%_
EVENING. Oct. 2, at S o'clock, f or
business and degrees. Ey order of the '
T. I M. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Recorder.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. and -m
A. M.— Officers and members are re- J^
ppectfully requested to assemble at the J?3r
Temple TO-DAY (Wednesday), at 1# W>
p. m., for the purpose of attending the fun-
eral of Brother JOHN McKENZIE, late
member of Garden City Lodge No. 41, Chi-
cago, I1L By order of the W. M.
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. and m
A. XL— Stated meeting THIS (WED- ,_«*_
NL'SDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. JLjZ
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary. /V^
OCCIDENTAL Lodffo No. 22, F. and n
A. M.. will meet THIS (WEDNES-^V.
DAY) AFTERNOON, at 2 o'clock, fcr^jar
the purpose of conducting funeral Ber- / Tr '
vices over the remains of our deceased
brother, THOMAS SEBASTIER MOFFIT.
Master Masons invited. By order of the
W. M. WALTER J. ANDERSON. Seo.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. \u25a0\u25a0
M-— Stated meeting and D. 3 THIS Jk
Oct, 2 at 7 p. in. Fharp. By order of )&J\
the W. M. H. FORTRIEDE, Sec /\u25bc'
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. m
M-— Stated rooetins THIS CtVEDNBS-jffl.
DAY) EVENING, October 2, at 7:305£2T
o'clock. H. J. OWEN, Secretary. '****
6PARTAN Lodge No. 123, I. O. <?_|aag_j».
O. F.— Will have initiation THIS §22£S&£
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. Vis-
itors welcome. • ' /nv\
T. C. LEARY. Sec. J. W. ROSE, N. Q.
FRANCO American Lodge No. £07. «33__fe_£,
I O. O. F. — Officers and members '§j£25*5vi£_
are requested to be present
THURSDAY EVENING, at 8 ' ///cvv
o'clock. Odd Fellows' Hall. Initiation.
L. CARRAINE, N. G.
A. LEON AURADOU. Secretary.
K. R. B.— Regular meeting of X
tliis society will be held at our y .
b_H. ll_3 Mission st.. THIS JK A .
'WEDNESDAY) EVENING, Oc- Jl
tober 2, a X 8 o'clock. Members are -~f&t
earnestly requested to attend, wv9»(gp
as important business must be . r
transacted. PRESIDENT.
THE quarterly meeting of Ser- a,
vian-Montenegrtn L. and B. So- jffy^S
clety will be held THIS (WED- ~*i>&&
JCESDAY) EVENING, October tfAjy-BSs;
:, 1K1. at 7:30 o'clock, at S09
Market st. All offlcers and mem- ffi-3**£;i!z,
ber* are earnestly requested to feKjSKS.v
attend. Fine for non-attend- Vi^3?JS->p'
mice. By order of X4__>^
S. T. GERUNOVICH,
President,
SPIRO VUCOSAVLIEVICH. Sec.
VALLEY Lodge No. 30. A. O. U. W., .tWIw
Instituted April 24, 1878, meets THIS fcprT*2
<WEDXESDAT) EVENING at S €|*5
o'clock, in Pioneer Hall. 24 Fourth <-*S^
rt. All members of the order are cordially
Invited to attend. F. W. HARRIS, M. W.
THOS. H. LORD, Recorder.
NATIONAL UNION. Call- t_^t5a_^-!---
fornla Council, meets
TO-NIGHT at Pioneer """"*•«&.
Hall, Fourth street, at
i o'clock (in Us new hall). Visiting friends
cordially invited. By order
W. A S. NICHOLSON. President
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— Notice is hereby
given that the annual meeting of the etock-
holflers of the Bank of California will be held
at the banking house in this city on TUES-
DAY. October S. 1S01. at 11 o'clock a. m. By
order of the Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
ADOPTION.
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
CTJNKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
AGENTS WANTED.
WcKINLEY'S LJfe, by Murat Halsted; best
autber; best book; ben terms; retails $1 50;
will duplicate any offer on Inferior books;
credit given; freight paid; outfit free. J. S.
ZIEGLER & <X).. Chicago. 111.
AGENTS WANTED— Life of McKlnley. five
hundred page large book; handsomely Illus-
trated; outfit free; now ready; 75 per cent
discount to agents; freight paid; credit given.
HENRY NEJL, 223 Dearborn Bt.,cChlcajjo.
W ANTED— Canvassers for the only dustless
floor brush manufactory for household, storee,
j-u'ulio buildings; fast seller; big profit. Call
< r add. Geo T. Bryant, 14 McAllister, r. 86.
OCR martyr Presidents, McKlnley. Garfleld,
Lincoln; their illustrious lives and glorious
.'.pfds; handsomely Illustrated; outfit sent on
receipt of 25c. J. A. HOFMANN. 1213 Bush.
.. :i:XTS wanted— Life of McKinley; 500 page,
largo book; handsomely Illustrated; outfit
free; now ready. S. C. MILLER & CO.. Port-
land. Or.
TWO solicitors to canvass family trade on tea
and coffee proposition; liberal Inducements.
Box 744, Call.
ASPHALTl'M EOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, 6idewalks re-
P&lred; postal. 11SG Mission; to!. Folsom 2477.
• ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick,
no charge without success; collections,
'wills. deed6. etc^, prepared; charge low; estb.
16 jars. Atty. G. W. HOWE. fc50 Markt st
ADVICE free:dlvorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
lections:att_chments;mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships; deeds;wills drawn; fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. lOCE^ Mkt. r. 4. op. 5th.
ADVICE free: open eve.; moderate fee If suc-
cessful. EDW. R. SHIRRAK, S27 Market st
ADVICE free ; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market St.. opp. Mason.
I_ 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 327 Mar-
ket et. ; consultation free; no fees In advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; lov. terms. 1607 California st.
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
_ i . ./,
;tOOKS of every kind boujrht Tel. Red 2956.
iioLMES BOOK CO., 704-706-708 Mission et.
TRUNKS.
.". : !C to cee Lunfiback's Improved drawer
•runic; at all dealers or factory. 823 Howard.
BLSINI--_ CHAAC-CS.
A— $350; BRANCH bakery. notlons~and fancy
grocery etore ln AJajneda; Tent J10: good lo-
cation and fine paying -business. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
JiCKi — CORNER grocery und bar, with living
rooms, in best part of the Mission; call at
once, you will have a bargain. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— ?750; THE leading delicacy store ln the Mis-
sion, doing a first-class paying business and
having the cream of the trade; fresh stock,
elegant fixtures; a rare chance. Call R G
WILKE. -6^ Kearny Et.
A— J1000; PARTNER wanted in old-established
comer ealoon: best downtown location; a rare
Chance. R. G. WILKE. 26% Keamy Bt
A— $1100; RESTAURANT close to Market Et;
star Chronicle bldg.; a good paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Keamy st :
A — J2j00; LIVERY and boarding stable north of
Market et., clearing above $300 per month; full
value In fight; a rare opportunity. Call It.
G. WILKE. 26^ K-jarny et.
A-HM; GOOD-PAYING ealoon. close to the
water front; rent 525; must be sold at. once, as
owner is compelled t« return to Michigan. Call
R. G. WILKE, 2C 1 ... Kearny st
,A_$C00; CIGAR etore; rent $20; very best stand
on Kearny et. ; owner must leave for Fresno;
value in eight Call R. G. WLLKE. 26>i
Kearny st.
A— J40C; CORNER saloon on Mason st: rent $25:
root} nisinces; must be sold at once; owner
*ccp «d Government position. Call R. G.
WIL pE. 2€>4 Kearny et.
ATTENTION buyers— Lodging-house, 9 rms.,
price S-iO; 12 rms., $250, with piano; rooming-
house. 41 rms.; rooming and boarding, 12
rms. ; hotel. 40 rms. ; restaurant on Market st.
a great bargain. $500; restaurant on Thfrd _t.
price $1000. For chances for any business call
on McBKIDE & CO., Auctioneers and Real
E«t-te, 1616 Market et.. opposite Fifth.
WANTED— An energetic business man with
$12&0 as partner in old-established coal busi-
ness clearing $300 per* month; fine large horses
and wagons: large stock on hand; or will sell
the whole: stock and Improvements invoice
t&m J. it STANTON. 47 Post st
A— «850; CORNER saloon- city front; clears $200
month. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st
S LADIES wanted with $200 each as directors
ln pold mining company having rich deposit
ln Shasta Co. G. NEWTON & CO.. 753 Market.F. B. Washington, owner, with Benjamin O.
Johnson, contractor, architect A. W. Smith,
all work for a two-story frame building on
NE -corner of Hyde and Greenwich streets, N
56:6 by E 28; $4375^
Mary B. Fitzgerald (single) to same, lot on
N line of Williams avenue, 25 W from Jupiter
(Vulcan), W 25 by N 100, lot 35. block H. same
$10.
{ Builders' Contracts.
Barbara Bird (widow) to Joseph B. Coryell,
lot on N line of Williams avenue, 50 W from
Jupiter (Vulcan), W 25 by N 100, lot 34, block
H. map of referees in partition Thornton vs
Thornton: $10.
Florence M. Moore (Donovan) (wife of Frank)
to Anna Dorothea "Joost, lota 387, 388 and 3S9,
gift man 4: $10.
George F. Lyon to Anton H. Kllnt. lot on SE
corner Clement street and Twenty-sixth avenue,
E 32:6 by S 100: $10.
Olive Verkouteren (widow) to Max and Etta
Welnsteln, lot on NE corner of Girard and
Olmstead streets, N 75 by E 120, lots 12 and 13
block 11, Paul Tract Homestead Association;
510.
American Straw Works (corporation) to C. S.
Winsor, lot on S line of Precita avenue, 4S9 E
from Columbia street. E 90 by S 150, lots 223
and 224, Precita Valley lands; $10.
C. S. and Catherine B. Winsor to Edgar C.
Seavey, same; $115.
Emma H. Brown (widow) and George W.
Wood to Charles M., Alice M. and William J.
Wood, lot on SE line of Federal (Frederick)
street, 83:4 SW from First, SW 41:8 by SE 80;
$10.
Bertha F. Smith to Harley R. Wiley and
Walter P. Johnson, in trust under agreement
of even date executedby George H. Fuller (first
party), Emily Fuller (second party) and Harley
R. Wiley and Walter P. Johnson (third party),
lot on SW -corner of First avenue and Califor
nia street, SW 101:3%. S 130:6, E 102:6. N K7:6;
$10.
Antoine and Grade Borel (by attorneys) to
Delia Golden, lot on E line of Twelfth avenue,
175 N from California street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
H. and Margaret Ann Schrelber to William
J Colvin, lot on W line of Hartford street,
124 S from Eighteenth. S 25 by W 125: $10.
Sarah Rldgeway (widow) to Fritz Micheelsen.
lot on E line of Hampshire street, 101:6 N from
Twenty-fifth, N 100 by E 100; $3700.
Standard Soap Company (corporation) to J. E.
Greene, lot on N line of Army street, 254:7 E
from Castro, E 25 by N 114; $10.
Mary Silvey (Trobock) to Peter Topinl. lot
on SE line of Clary street, 375 NE of Fourth.
NE 20 by SW 80; $10.
William J. Rickards to B. H. Nelson, lot on
NW corner of Clementina street. 120 NE of
Second street, NE 25 by NW 80: $10.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to George H. Win
terburn, lot on W line of Forty-seventh avenue,
100 N of S street, N 50 by W 120; $10.
Lovell and Laura L. White to Joseph B.
Coryell. lot on NW corner of Williams avenue
and Diana (Juno) street, N 450 by W 100, lots
1 2 3 4 10, 12, 14. 16, 18, 20. 22, 24, 26, 28.
33 to 36,- block I, as in map of referee's report,
Nineteenth District Court, 928. Thornton vs.
Thornton: also lot on N line of Williams ave
nue 75 W of Jupiter (Vulcan) street. W 25
by N 100, lot 33. block H, said map; also lot
on NW corner of Williams avenue and Jupiter
(Vulcan) streets, N 100 by W 25. lot 36, block
H. same; $10.
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to Hans F.
Hansen lot 30, block 3, subdivision 1, Castro-
Street Addition; $10.
Same to same, lot 29, block 3, same; $10.
Harry C. and Hortense W. Good (by John
Lackmann, sheriff) to J. J. Rauer, lot on SE
corner of Octavia and Ellis streets. E 52:6 by S
120: $149. •
Aaron Crocker (trustee estate of Lillie Crock
er) to Victor D. Solomon, undivided half Inter
est in lot on NE corner of Bush and Webster
streets, E. 22:11 by N 90; $1.
Victor D. Solomon to Aaron Crocker, undivid
ed half interest in same; $10.
Katie W. Cook (widow) to Mary E. Rellly
(widow) lot on E line of Noe street, 160 N from
Fourteenth. N 20 by E 162: $1600.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alaska vPack..l09 140Vi,Oceanic S Co.. 4O'/i 42
Cal Fruit Can. 96% 07 jPac Aux FA. 2^4 —
Cal Wine Asn. 8S 89 iPac C Borax.. — —
Mer Exchange. 110 — iPar Paint .... IS —
Morninr Session.
Board—
S Honokaa Sugar Co 10 25
25 Makaweli 24 00
10 Paauhau S P Co 10 50
15 Paauhau S P Co 10 23
140 S F Gas and Electric Co 44 23
50 S F Gas and Electric, s 90....": 44 00
Street—
165 Hutchinson S P Co 14 75
Afternoon Session. .
Board—
10 Cal Wine Association S3 00
150 Hcnokaa Co 10 00
50 Makawell 24 25
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds 103 124
5 Presidio R R 34 75
20 S F Gas and Electric 43 75
$20CO S P of Arizona <1903) 112 75
5 Spring Valley Water SS CO
Street—
50 California-street R R 130 00
J500O Edison L and P bond3 130 00
$3000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 121 50
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
_____ t
Morninr Session.
Board—
1 Hanford 10100
j 10O Home 3 40
175 Home \ 3 45
100 Home, b 90 3 50
50 Kern 5 SO
1200 Monarch or Arizona- 21
23 Peerless » 5 i;ti
Street—
506 Monarch of Arizona.... a
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1000 Cala-Standard ;. a
150 Home 3 45
250 Home ....- 3 50
200 Junction 21
400 Linda Vista 03
50 Los Angeles O and T 2 85
50 Los Angeles O and T 2 90
327 McKlttrlck 20
200 Monarch of Arizona 20
233 Monte Cristo 1 85
J500 Oil City Petroleum 25
25 Peerless, b 90 53714
500 Reed Crude Oil Co 34
1000 Reed Crude OH Co 33
3000 Reed Crude Oil Co 32
4000 Reed Crude Oil Co 31
SO Sovereign 55
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fraa-
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
60 Andes 061
Afternoon Session.
3C0 Caledonia 341 200 Confidence 85
400 Caledonia 33| 300 Ophir 78
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning' Session.
200 Challenje Con. 19 100 Ophir 77
10O Con C & Va...l 70 300 Silver Hill 33
30O Gould & Curry. 07 200 Yellow Jacket. 09
100 Ophir 76
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 10- 300 Mexican ...*..... 13
loO Best & Belcher. 17 100 Ophir "8
100 Caledonia 33 200 Ophir 77
200 Challenge Con. 20 300 Savage 03
100 Con C & Va.l 72',i 2C0 Yellow Jacket.. 09
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Oct. 1—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.,
Alpha — 02 Justice 03 04
Alta 01 03 Kentuek — 02
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher 10 11 Mexican IS 20
Best & Belcher. 17 18 Occidental 05 06
Bullion 01 02]Ophir 76 7S
Caledonia 34 35iOverman 05 05
Challenge Con.. 17 19lPotoei 07 OS
Chollar 07 08 Savage 02 03
Confidence 85 87jScorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 70 1 73 Seg Belcher ..02 04
Con Imperial .. — 02.Sierra Nevada.. 13 22
Con New York. <U - Silver Hill .... 31 33
Crown Point ... 03 86 St. Louis — 08
Eureka Con ... 14 — Standard 3 10
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry. 06 08 Union Con 06 09
Hale & Norcss. 17 13 L'tah 02 03
Julia 01 C2 Yellow Jacket.. 08 10
. \u2666 \u25a0
CALL CALENDAR.
* October. 1901.
S. M. T. W. T. I F. S. Moon's Phases.
T~~~T~T ff October 4.
*s- Last Quarter.
_i_l_i_LiliLii® October tt '
13 14 15 16 17 18 19 New Moon.
JL !L ~E- IE- H. IE! Jl Fir1t0Qu^rter.
21 28 29 30 31 p\ October 27.
W Full Moon.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, AYEDjNJSSDAY, UUTUJ3ER 2, 1901.
Continued From Page Eight..
COMMERCIAL NEWS
11
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING-— Con.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three. ?14; three, $20; also single, $4. $o and ui>.
FOLSOM, 830 — Furnished housekeeping rooms,
?1S and $11 per month; "also others.
GOUGH, 437— Light furnished rooms, sunny;
gas, bath, single or suites; light housekeeping:
MINNA, 172—2 large, sunny connecting rooms
for housekeeping; stove and sink; reasonable.
NINTH, 113—2 sunny.housekeeping rooms; run-
; nlng water; bath.'
OAK, 119 — 2 parlors, furnished for heavy house-
keeping, $16; 2 basement, $10; single, $7;. yard.
POLK, 1002—3 ,and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for' housekeeping; cheap; reference.
THE WINFIELD, 223A. Leaveriworth— Front
suite with kitchen. . -\u25a0 ' - .
WALLER, 210— Unfurnished for housekeeping,
beautiful suite of sunny parlors, lavatory,
hot and cold water, bath, gas, grate; marine
' view; also sunny bedroom; private; $15 for
2; $18 for 3. \u25a0
WILLOW . ave.. 10, off Larkin, near Eddy — 2
furnished rooms, complete hskpg; no children.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — For'n. nnd Unfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK~HODSB, 148 Sixth— Rooms"
25c to Jl per night; $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all ngiht.
ARGTLE. 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Arsyle; take McAllister-st. cars.
AT Shasta HOuse, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week.
A NICE sunny suite; also single rooms; neat,
clean and cheap; bath; tel. 332 Stockton st.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1361)— Fur-
nished rms., suites,. single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 930— Very desirable suitsj also single;
quiet and homelike.
CLAT. 1523, near Hyde— Large sunny furnished
room, with use of bath.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDT, 210 — Elegant furnished back parlor,
suitable for man and wife or 2 gentlemen.
EDDT. 724— Fine furnished room suitable for
two gentlemen, without board.
EUGENE, 265 O'Farrell — New house, fireproof;
new furniture; electric elevator; 25 private
'suits" with bath; baths free; flrat-claes.
FOR RENT — 7 rooms; furniture of same for
sale. 393 Haight St.
GEART, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 604 — Sunny front furnished rooms.
GEART, 1620— Parlor suite to young couple,
with board; elegantly furnished; references
exchanged. .
GOLDEN GATE ave., 126— Nice furnished
rooms; gas grate; also light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 21S— Sunny front parlor
suitable 2 gentlemen friends; bath; gas; mod-
erate.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 941— Small, sunny, fur-
nished room for lady. Apply evenings.
HARRISON, 784%, near Fourth-Flnely fur-
nished rooms; bath; all conveniences; home-
like; $1 week up.
HOTEL ST. DENIS v (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; referenced;
t&fte Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.; single rooms, $10 up.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo.
POST, 426— Large room for two gentlemen; also
single; tourists accommodated.
POST, 726— New. beautifully furnished double
parlors, suitable for 2 or 3 gentlemen; cen-
trally- located: gas; phone.
ROTAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
*8; month. $8 to $20: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH, 523 — Newly furnished sunny front and
back rooms in private family,- $5 -month up.
SUTTER, 320^ (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles $2 to $5 per week; transient.
TAYLOR, 246, corner Ellis — Rooms f»mished
or 3 unfurnished. \u25a0 ' t . , .
TENTH, 123, near Market— Large sunny front
room, furnished, closet; $9. . ... ..,.-.
TURK, 543 — Clean sunny room; gas' and bath;
: $2 25 per week; private.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable in price;
tuites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy Gt., near Leavenworth.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE CECILERNE, 930 Van Ness ave.
California, 807— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
HOTEL Repelier,' 781 Sutter-Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL. €05 (Johnson House) — Sunny con-
servatory suite and others: excellent board.
ROOMS WANTED.
3 ROOMS furnished for housekeeping; young
couple; kitchen exclusive; permanent: young
American family preferred; not too far out;
rent about $20; refs. Box 769. Call office. .
WANTED — Two furnished rooms; light house-
keeping privileges; tenant owns gas stove,
etc.; Golden Gate Park .district preferred.
Box 2S1, Call.
COUPLE, no children, want 2 unfurnished
rooms, vicinity Palace Hotel; rent not ex-
ceeding $9 mo. Ad. r. 7, 2d floor, 217 Grant av.
WANTED— A plain unfurnished room on mid-
dle floor, well lighted, having a fireplace and
water in it. Address box 738, Call office.
WANTED— 3 furnished housekeeping rooms In
the Mission. Address Burgess, 2212 Folsoin.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION*
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
[ DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palring; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving -Co.,
office Poet and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. S40 Mis-
slon st.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pgny, 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van & Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINsTlN TTPEwiTlfEiCs^We
. sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
'pany, COn.— A dividend. No. 34. of »eventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has . been declared
payable ; at the office of the. company... 435
California St.. San Francisco, on October 10,-
1901. Transfer^books close October 3, 1901. at
noon. \u25a0 "A. A. SPARKS, Secretary. ,
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
CUSTOM HOUSE, San FranciscoT^SeKtnbT
1901.— Notice: Certain goods remaining one
year In bonded warehouse will,, be' sold at
public auction at the United states Ap-
praiser's store on the 24th of October, J901,
at 10' o'clock a. m. Descriptive catalogues
can . be had at the Custom House on October
19, 1901, or at time and' place of sale: F
S. STRATTON, Collector. - -: \u25a0 ']
THIS is to certify that I, JOHN LUT^, will
not' be responsible for any debts Incurred
under the firm name of LUTZ & ERIKSEN,
corner Fell and Franklin sts.. as I am not
' a member of the aforesaid firm.
.:. , . • -• ' JOHN LUTZ. V -
OCEAN" TRAVEL.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE~WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
forTOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU.....
r Wednesday. October 23. 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARU
...Saturday, November 16. 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday. December 1L 13C1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlrfe
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General "Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Clf» SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Centrai-
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m. .
TUCAPEL Oct.-3|LIMARI Oct 26
AREQUIPA ....Oct. 131 PERU Nov. 9
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service
(No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents. \u25a0
COMPAGNIB GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ~_2__
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of <f$i<ncf*
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, \u25a0ViiwWsS
North River, foot of Morton street; *L'Aqul.
talne, September .19; La Bretarne, September
!6: La Champagne. October 3; *La Savole, Oc-
tober 10. \u25a0
- First class to Havre. J70 an* upward. Second
class to Havre, $43 and \jpward_ GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED [STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., PaciOc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*. •
•Twin Ecrew Express Steamers.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
I^. Wharf, San Francisco:
hh^w. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. in..
llRfc^aBfc Oct. 3. 8. 13, IS, 23. 28, Nov. 2.
KThSu^ Change to company's steamers
I Uhe2?^41 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
i *^^*sa23a- c -)' Port Townsend. Seattle.
Tacoma. Everett and New
-^ Wbatcom (Wash.)^-ll a. m..
Oct. 3, 8. 13. 18. 23, 2S. Nov. 2.
Change at Seattle for this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at
Seattle or Tacoma JTor N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry. '
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m., Oct.
4, 9 14, 19, 24, 23, Nov. 3.
*For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Pert Los Angeles and Redondo <Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at San Simeon. Cay-
ucoa, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme ana Redon-
do— Steamer Corona, Thursdays. 11 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlart Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to changs
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
' TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
10 Market St., Sao Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamsliip Xiine to
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail op steamship and rail, at
LOWEST 3rt_4VM.'-WS>
STEAKSB TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and M3AL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails Oct. a. 15. 25. Nov. 4
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Sept. 30. Oct. 10. 20, 30
P.-W.HITCHCOCK.GEX.Agt..l Montgm'y. 3. T.
AMERICAN LINE.
StM T0BK. BOTTTHAMPTOH. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping- at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork \u25a0Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St. Paul Oct. HHaverford Oct. 25
St. Louis Oct. 16 St. -Paul Oct. 30
Philadelphia Oct. 23) St. Louis Nov. <
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays, at VI noon.
Southwark Oct. 9j*Zeeland Oct. 39
•Vaderland Oct. 16|Friesland Nov. «
Kensington. Oct. 23i Southwark Nov. 13
. *Stop at Cherbourg eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D- TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
oceafflcs.s.co.=Si
5. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday. Oct. 3, 10 .1. ra.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
.' Saturday. Oct. 12. 2 t a.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Oct. 24, 10 a. i=-
J. O.SPBECXELS k BROS. CD., Einsrai Agents. 327 Hsfa ;i
Een'l Passenger Qffisa, 643 Harkst St, Pier lo. 1. Pacfis St
- PANAMA R. R, s S s r
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIESST;
Cabin, $105; Steerage. $40: Meals Ff.' \u25a0.
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, CL't. 14
8. S. Leelanaw sails Thursday, O t. 24
S. S. Argyll ' sails Monday, bee. 2
From Howard-street Wharf at 2 p. tn.
Freight and- Passenger Office, 33d Mark . I si.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS. v
f¥uT1ayy yard IFIalleH
Steamers GEN. FRISBIB or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. ra.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves Valleja
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. % p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. - Fare 50 Cintt.
Telephone Main 1SQS. Landing and offlc«. BiM
:. Mi3*lon-st. dock. HATCH BKOi
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALS.
A. M. SPECK &~Co7!7rr ?: ?CG7 MARKET ST.
Opposite Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors. ••
$700 CASH,
Balance $1300: mortgage can remain; 5-room
cottage; in the Mission; Twenty-fourth-st. car
line.
$23i0.
Close to Sixth st.; two houses; rents $21.
.$3S00.
Jones st. flats; rents $41; lot 45 foot frontage.
$4950.
Two modern flats; only half block from Mar-
ket jst.; rents $40; cost nearly $7500.
$6500.
Corner; marine view; splendid improvements;
rents $60.
JSOOO.
Vicinity Post and Stockton sts.; 9-room
house and lot.
$12,750.
New Van Ness ave.. Hats; rents $125; a safe
buy.
$16,500.
Panhandle corner; two new buildings; rents
$142; lot 37x115 feet. .
$15,000. .
Leavenworth-st. Investment; 57-foot front;
rents $103; always rented.
$19,500.
Modern Improvements; lot 71x137:6; rented at
J170.
$23,iOO.
Polk-st. business property; In best block; an-
nual rents $l£50.
?35,000.
Mission st.. near Fourth; splendid brick
structure; elevator; good high basement; rent
$250; one tenant.
?42,OOO.
Sutter-st. corner; east of Jones; stores and
lodging-houses; SO-foot frontage.
$55,000.
EUis-st. income property; 100-foot frontage;
rents about $5000 per annum.
Market St.. near Taylor; 50-foot; splendid
building; rents $760.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. .
638 Market st.
WESTERN ADDITION IMPROVED CORNER.
$12,000— An elegant corner; Haight st ; large
lot 55x11% feet: present Improvements
are bringing in J10S0 per armum: mod-
ern Hats and stores on this property
would pay well.
HANDSOME WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
J7.250 — Two modern sunny, up-to-date flats of
6 and 7 rooms and basement; porcelain
tubs, etc.; nice yard; key lot; north
Fide of street; fine neighborhood; large
. lot 27:6x137:6.
ZOE-STREET INVESTMENT.
$7,500 — Pays $1152 per annum; 2 stores and 10
flats; easily rented; near Fourth and
Harrison sts.; lot 40x75.
MUST BE SOLD WITHIN TEN DAYS.
THIS IS POSITIVELY A FACT.
$3,500— Handsome modern house of 7 rooms and
bath on a northeast corner near Haight
and Broderick sts.; magnificent pano-
ramic view of San Francisco and bay
shore cities: this property cost present
owner over $SO0O; a. great opportunity to
make a quick turn; lot 26:3x86:3.
LANGTON-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
$3,000 — Two well-built houses of 5 rooms each;
near Folsom st. ; rents $336 per annum;
lot 25x75 feet.
COZY MISSION HOME.
$1,700— Handsome cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
high basement; on Church St.; this
must be sold to close an estate.
LAKEVIEW HOME.
$S00— Make your own terms; well-built house
of 6 rooms on Graf ton St.. near Plym-
outh ave.; lot 25x100 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
C3S Market st
$12,500- COST OVER $17,500.
No. 2721 Pacific ave., near Scott st.
First floor— Large reception hall, drawing-
room, dinins-room finished in oak, butler's
pantry, breakfast-room and kitchen. Second
floor — 4 large bedrooms, 2 baths, linen closet.
Attic— Large billiard-room, 3 bedrooms and
bath. Basement — Furnace-room, wineroom,
laundry, 3 storerooms. Lot 27x127:5*4 ft.
A NEW, elegant colonial house of 6 rooms,
bath, reception hall, basement, large yard:
this in an unequaled opportunity to secure a
beautiful home at a moderate cost by ea^y
payments; must be seen to be appreciated; on
Cole St., 2 blocks from Park; lot 25x125; no
agents. Box 823. Call office.
$50,000 TO invest in Income-bearing property;
must be a bargain.
THE PHELPS LEWIS CO.,
" 702 Market st.
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room residence, with
bath: 2 blocks from park. Inquire 660 Mission.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
SPECIAL bargain— 160 acres land7"near~Yubi
City, Sutter County, short distance from
Marysville; all rich valley land under culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
fenced; this land will be sold in whole or in
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land; good
buildings; well fenced; short distance from
Yuba CUy, Sutter County; will be sold In
whole or in part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price." The two above pieces
are situated In the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be seen to be appreciated. If contemplating
1 purchasers will address box 49S0, Call office,
' for Information, a bargain will be given.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
! Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
i San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St.. for pam-
phlets and Information.
FOR bargains in timber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also large list of desirable city sites. ' See
The Phelps Lewis Co.. 702 Market st.
A— IF you want to buy, sell or exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN, 719 Mrket St.. S. F.. office near Call big.
WANTED — A ranch in Sonoma or Napa coun-
! ty for Oakland property. Apply at 1010 Broad-
j way. Oakland, P. C. LASSEN & CO.
I $2500— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres: El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222. Call.
CHOICE farm bargains; call or send for list.
Wooeter. Whitton & Montgomery, 634 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
HUNTER'S RUPTURE SANITARIUM^ 1206
\u25a0 Market: treatment free; $100 paid for any truss
as good as the new double lever rupture holder.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AliAMEPA REAL ESTATE.
COMPLETE homes and large lots. $2800; six-
room cottage: $3000. — rooms; $3300. 8 rooms.
J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park st., Ala-
m?da.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; \j cash. Bank of Ala.
-BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2500— 8-ROOM house; corner lot; 45x100; will
I trade for a ranch ot equal value. W. C. MO-
RAN & CO.
$150— ACRE lots; $10 cash, balance $10 per
month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$500— LOTS; \% cash, balance 1, 2 and 3 years;
grandest view In Berkeley; send for maps.
W. C. MORAN & CO.,
Lorln Station. Schmidt Block. Berkeley.
OAKLAND AEYEIlTlSFiirm
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2500— $100 DOWN, balance monthly; brand-new-
home of 6 fine large sunny rooms, with porce-
lain bath and sink; elevated lot 40x150 (note
the size); near Grove fit.; street work all
done; a pretty, cozy home at a sacrifice
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
100S Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale— Corner lot, 100x135; 6-roomed house -
large barn; beautiful, garden. Thirty-fourth
and Linden sts., San Pablo ave. cars pass the
door. See owner" on premises.
HOUSES of every description and price for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
1118 Broadway; telephone Main 10.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
9-ROOM furnished house near narrow gauge
depot. Apply 1258 Harrison at., Oakland.
OAKLAND COTTA G ES.~ ~
FOR Sale — Beautiful 5-room cottage; bath,
basement; take 16th-Et. cars. 1464 Filbert st
'I
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from II. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CHESTNUt7~293~ (N^b~B^a^cn3^^nT^ornsl
housekeeping; chcijp; fine view; sun; quiet.
EIGHTH. 34B, near Market— Sunny front suite
and kitchen furnished for housekeeping; bath.
EDDT, 743—2 front connecting rooms; ga«
stove; large closets; phone.
'\u25a0 proposals; -
PROPOSALS— State prison supplies and power
—Sealed proposals will be received at the of-
fice \u25a0\u25a0 of the clerk at the State prison, San
Quentin. until .10:30 a. m.', Saturday, the
fifth day of October, 1901. at which time and
place they will be opened In the presence
of biddsrs, for furnishing fuel coal, fuel oil.
and electric power, or other power to run
the jute mill at San Quentin, from the 1st
day of January, 1002, to the 30th day of
June. 1902. inclusive. . Each bidder must ag-.
company his bid with a certified check in the
sum of one thousand dollars upon some well-
known and responsible banking-house, pay-
able to R. M. Fitzgerald, president of the
board, conditioned that the bidder will enter
Into a contract upon notice of acceptance, as
required by law. All payments made on con-
tracts will be paid in cash or Controller's
warrants. Bidders will carefully follow the
conditions of the schedules, and all bids must
be madd upon the schedules, which will be
furnished upon application to the Clerk of
the Board, at San Quentin. Cal. The Board
reserves the -right to reject any and all bid*.
; as the public interest -may require, and to
order any quantity under or over fae amount
specified In the schedule.
R. M. FITZGERALD. President.
J. M. OLIVER.- Clerk.
/ MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The followlns marriage licenses wer» v lssued
yesterday: • - .
Charles S. Orr, 25, Patton. and Sarahbelle
Presley, 19, 65 Alpine street.
John Berg, 30, 1221 Rhode Island street, and
Hanna Jakobson. 25. lltf Twelfth street.
Edward- J. Slavin. 30. Vallejo, and Lola* C.
Garner, 2S, Holllster.
Herbert J. Hastings, SO, 843 Valencia street,
and Marie Thompson, 27. 3625 Twentieth street.
Eston S. Cheney, 33, Oakland, and Elsie
Lamb, 21. Oakland.
; Peter F. Ausrustiny, 59, S63 Valencia street,
and Ida A. Morrison, 29, New York.
Austin Kanzee, 27, 730 Turk street, and LJla
Borreque, 19, 819 Oak street. V.
Julius F. Lange, 22, 199 Carl street, and
Zana Chiles, 19, 906 Devisadero street.
Harry AV. McKlm, 31. 4134 Nineteenth street,
and Marie Horn, 25, 377 Sanchez street.
Richard Burr, 21. East Oakland, and Harriet
A. Spaldlng, IS, 984 Valencia street.
Franklin A. Oehm, 29, Lancaster. N. Y.. and
Frances E. Marshall, 29. St. Paul, Minn.
Thomas B. Knowles, 30, 3703 Twenty-sixth
streot, and Georzie M. Barnes, 20, 34S4 Twenty-
second street.
James E. Warhurst. 24, 609 Montgomery ave-
nue, and Henrietta U. Jones, 17, 609 Montgom,-
ery avenue.
James "W. Irbey, 26, Presidio, and Ida M.
Dorfler, 18, 907 Harrison street.
'Peter J. HaKgerty, 26, 2876 Twenty-fourth
srteet, and Ella M. Fitzgerald, 21. 2767 Twenty-
fourth street. . '
John M. Hannah. 30, Ketchikan, Alaska, and
Clara Colley, 24, Sitka, Alaska.
J. C. Hiden Edwards, 21. 605 O'Farrell street,
and Muriel Wemple, 18, 720 Steiner street.
John F. O'Neil. 28, Pinole, and Edith Beck,
24, 520 Jessie street.
Bernardino Della-Santiner, 24, 439 Broadway,
and Viola Ravetti, 19, city.
Ben -Nelson, 20, 412 McAllister street, and
Sarah E. Cushingham, 21. 412 McAllister street.
i BIRTHS— MARRI&&ES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
1 mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOKN.
CLAUSSENIUS— In this city, September 22,
1901, to the wife of Max Claussenlua, a
daughter.
MARRIED.
AHLIN— HANSEN— In this city, September 2S,
1901, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander of the
First English Lutheran Church. N. Emll
Ahlin and Tekla Hansen. both of San Fran-
cisco. •
DIED.
Barling, Amelia Y. McKenzie, John
Coprlviza, Margaret Morse, Ralza A.
Casassa. Theresa Moffltt, Thomas S.
Copley, Kiernan. Plummer, Mary K.
Pollard, William Schomaker, George
Foley, John Stelmle, Catherine
Gente, Rev. Emile Sorensen, Karen
Gerlach, Ernest A. Steward, -.Linus
Hirsch, Joseph • Spangler, Lillin B.
Herriman, Ada H. Wentworth, Cornelia
Legallet. Celina
BARLING— In this city, September 30, 1901.
-Amelia Y. Barling, wife of Rache J. Barling,
beloved mother of Mary Barling, daughter of
Edmund and Amelia. Daiss, and sister of Ed-
mund, Charles and Andrew Daiss and the late
Mrs. Kate Johnson, a native of Portland,
Or., aged 35 years 4 months and 13 days.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at the par-
lors of N. Gray & Co.. 641 Sacramento street.
Interment Cyoress Lawn Cemetery by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. — \u25a0 ' - . .
COPRIVIZA— In this city. September 29. 1901,
•Margaret, beloved wife of John Coprlviza, ..be-
loved daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William
Simpson, and beloved mother of Marguerite,
Charles and George Conrlviza and Mrs. F.
Lerond, a native of San Francisco.
' (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o"clock, from her late
residence, 900}£ Vallejo^ street, corner of Ma-
son, thence to St. Francis Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CASASSA— In this cityT October 1, 1901, The-
resa Casassa, beloved mother of Louis. Eme-
lla, Frank. Antone and George Casassa and
Mrs. J. Musso. a native of Italy, aged 53
years." (Santa Rosa papers please copy.)
ETNotlc* of funeral hereafter.
COPLEY— In this city. September 29, 1901,
Kiernan Copley, a native of Ireland, aged 69
years.
(ry Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mis-
sion street. •
DOLLARD— In this city, October 1. 1901, Wil-
liam Dollard, beloved father of Mrs. E. J.
Deaver ani Mrs. W. C. De Carr. a native
of Ireland, aced-70 years 8 months and 14*
days.
FOLEY— In this city, at his residence. 702
Vallejo street, John, beloved son of the late
John and Margaret Foley, and. brother of
Eugene and Nellie Foley and the late Pat-
rick, William. Michel and Frank Foley and
Mrs. F. Hewitt, a native of Connecticut.
Ci? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S; Godeau, S05 Montgomery avenue,
thence to St. Francis Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GENTE — In France. September 22. 1901. Rev.
Emlle Gente, S. M., formerly pastor of Notre
Dame des. Victoires, a native of France,
aped 54 years 5 month3 and 22 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully invited to attend the solemn requiem
mass which will be ofTered for the repose of
his soul in Notre Dame des Victoires Church
to-morrow (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock.
GERLACH— In Salinas, Monterey County, Sep-
tember 30, 1901. Ernest August, dearly be-
loved son of Doris Seegelken and the late
George Gerlach, and beloved brother of
Adolph and Clara Gerlach and Johannah See-
gelken, aged 22 years.
HIRSCH— In this city. September 30, 1901, .To-
' seph, husband of Regina Hirsch, and father
of Ben and Charles J. Hirsch and Mrs. Jo-
seph Rosenthal, a native of Worms, Ger-
many, aged 74 years 9 months and 10 days.
(E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 610 O'Farrell street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery by train leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
HERRIMAN— In Nome City, Alaska. Ada H.
Herriman, beloved wife of Albert H. Herri-
man, and mother of Frederick L.. Mettle
and Edwin H. Herriman of Winterport. Me.
(W.interport, Belfast and Rockiand papers
please copy.)
LEGALLET— In this city. October 1, 1901,
Celina, beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
George Legallet, and sister of Georgette Le-
gallet, a native of South San Francisco, aged
7 months and 4 days.
CTFriends and • acquaintances are respect-
fully invited* to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 12 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1514 Eleventh avenue. South San
Francisco, thence to French Church of Notre
Dame des Victoires. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McKENZIE— In this city, September 30. 1901.
John McKenzie. a native of^Nova Scotia,
a»*ed 60 years. •»
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respfect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
• DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ean Mateo County.
• OFFICE 016 MARKET STREET.
. : J. HENDERSON. Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
£amuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. j.
McBrearty, with the \u25a0 same company, for 10
years; P. F. Greon, late with J. C. O'Connor
& Co., have opened new Funeral Parlors at
1171 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Telephone South 44. -»
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
Point Lobos avs.. S. F., Cal.
The ordinance prohibiting burials in San
Francisco after the first day or August, 1901
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing less harmful to the living than , the
ashes of their dead. \u25a0 . •\u25a0\u25a0
Permits to cremate will be issued by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore.
- GEORGE R. FLETCHER. • Manager. .
HOUSES TO LET. !
— PRINTED list bouses to let: send for~c!rt
Hoi.'SE to lit— 7 rooms and bath. 14C3 Steiner
*t.. near '"ilis.
iiolm;s to i.iiT — i.x-iimshisuI
A fUNNY cMUn, 6 rooms. bathT~piano.
• •fciffcerii. fruit tiers; Alunwoa; U block from
_^'!i.n. A. M. KI'ECK & CO., €C7 Market.
LOST AXD FOLXD.
H- ST — Fron - •';»\u25a0 CtUls&n'a ranch. Vfarfudon
* t Si'' 1 -reyuoun-i |>u : .>. one lvd dc-g and n
»uindle lm<-h. Kinder will please return, to
i- j* O'kochke t- homshoelas tzi
Gate ave, ami receive reward.
LOh'T— RuF^ian wolfhound dog, like greyhound.
wily inuvn iare.-r and with Iork. t-ilky hair
or a whitish gray Color: information leading
to recovery, reward of $10. liu Stockton st.
FOXTCXtStXEtt resale), collar with ir.u* rib-
bon, answers to jiaino "Laddie": Mack anJ
brov. r. head. Made :i>ot va tide and tai!: $10
renarf. 450 Oeary tt.
FOf\r»- White fox-terrier: black ami brown
he«<1. Ir.Qinre S2S Market. Rialto Cisrar Co.
IT will pay to •\u25a0Renjcml-pr"' that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Ov. ?"\u25a0) Suiter Ft., needs old
rold «n<1 silver tn r.iakc new watch oases.
MA'ITKESSliS AM> PILLOWS.
TO. nrSer. also cleaned and Fterilized. uphol-
vbtrfl Al carpet i-ip.ining: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKC BRCS., 411 to 415 Powell St.;
t'l. B'jsh 4:i,
MEDICAL.
1. ODONNELL— AM who are sick and~ln
juble call and consult the specialist. My
eJtcSnes have been used for many years by
ousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
-fee taken; the most obstinate cast?s pave
\u25a0en relieved by my medical treatment; free
c-nfidcntiHl advice ou a!l subjects of a deli-
ate nature; all classes of female complaints
relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
y>V. O'DOXNTLL. 101S Market St.. opp. Fifth.
FWEET. a graduate of the Koyal Uni-
vrrs-ity of Berlin; 25 years' experience in
ladies' complaints; utmost confidence can be
placed in her; ladies tr.k- n before ar.ii during
confinement; r^st of care; lerrns, H week:
cnnfincmer.tf, 515. including 10 day? ln>ard; in-
fants adopted. SS27 lMh Ft.: Mis?ion-?t. car.
THE criminal MRS. DAVIES. who has been In
husincEs here for 25 years, is still located at
112? Market; maternity home provided: office
hours 10 a. tn. to 4 p. m. and 6 to S:30 p. m.
MRS. D. WYETH, reliable ladies' specialist;
rr'.vate borne before and during confinement;
removed from Post to 410 O'Farrell Et.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable la-
<Jies f specialist; a priv. heme before and dur-
ing confinement: best medical care; low fees.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market et.. S. F.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent ladies' spe-
cialist, has returned from Europe; most .mod-
ern methods; Co years' experience in S. F. ;
guarantees to cure all female troubles; mater-
nity hospital: fee low. pofi Market St.. opp. 4th.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladies' specialist, confinement,
removed from Market «-t. to 410 O'Farrell st.
MISCELLANEOUS FUR SALE.
BOILERS er.frines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAX. 135-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back tars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barrom chairs, linoleum, new and
tecond-hand; we always have a large stock of
ealocn outfits on hand; S2 complete outfits on
one fiocr, ready made; vie can «hip everything
in 14 hours. J. NOOXAX, 1017. 1013, 1021. 1023
Mission gt.. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
Graphophor.es. Phonographs. Gramophones, to to
J150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones,
Jl 60; Cd-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. \u25a0 Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary-
A— BT7YS. sells cr rents cear. machinery, en-
frines. boilers, water pip^s, ehafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, ;53-255 Spear Et.
1 ORIENTAL 2 ! ; H.P. gasoline eng.. 1 marine
gasoline £ H.P.. 1 stationary grascllne 10 H.P.;
good ord^r; cheap. H. g. WHITE. 516 Mission.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boi'.ers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO..
S-17 Stevenson St.. near First.
HAND t^ncninp machine and hand shaper suit-
cblf for carpenter Ehop: also Xo. 2 Hooker
rtecra pump. S43 Howard Et.
BIG £'ices paid for sealskins, full dress anj
Tuxedo tuits. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stock-
ton £t. .
CASH register (HallwoodTi brand new; t35;
reduction. Apply H. F. ALLEN. 202 Califor-
nia st.
:?C1 RAMBLERS. Eagles, lipht Steams. Snell
ar.d ethers: Td-hand bicvcles: cheap: send
for list. LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larkin et.
FIXE Rlitfc 510: diess pants. J2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 427 Montgomery St.
A— 13 10 DEF.BT and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
V'.ar Price Hatters, 230 Kearny st., near Pine.
BEAUTIFUL Scotch collie dog for sale; owner
guing East: ladies' dog. 72.4 Eddy et.
J-HORSE electric motor in first-class condi-
tion; i".. HORWINSKI BROS.. 424 Sansome.
OXF. horse-power Westir.ghouse motor, cood
es new, $6Z. Standard Laundry. 114 Hayes st.
JEWELRV for sale and made to order. tI
FERSHTAND. 126 Kearny St.. room ».
REGIXA music box, almost new, cost 565; will
take J23. 23 Fifth st.
ONE friction hoist drum, brand hew; cheap.
-H.fi. WHITE. 516 Mieeion St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures, BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post Bt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new & 2d-han-I
\u25a0 ar.d launches. J. E. DOAK. Ell Mission st.
,^AFEP-Xew and teeond-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento et.
PKOTO bargalxi list Xa 17 now ready for
mailing. 1C3 Montgomery et.
UAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. S21 Mission St.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 125 Beaie et.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: jeweler's steel
» j lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
«^I1. 16 pages. K«>nt to any address in the
T nite<i Plates or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLAXEOLS WAXTS.
WANTED—^Dfnce~f^rn7sb^ed~£uitable~?or~ real
Box TZ1, Call.
WANTED — Gentle pony in eich. for new bi-
cycle or would purchase. 616 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
_cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market gt.
TILTON wants pood feeeond-hand clothing and
thfgtn'-al gr,r,ds. 1^4 8th st. ; te). Folsom 2522.
MONEY TO LO.U.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAjTcOMPA^Yr"'^
$300,000 e.1 <j per cent in sums to euit. City an<i
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, Ufe insurance tt becurities. Loans
on unsettled estate*, undivided Interests In
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any 01 above securities. Tel. lied 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages end legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24. Montgomery et., room 3
H £££££ M V* RPHY > CC3 Examiner building—
S6.C0G.000 at £% or less in large sums; loans
on eecond mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
prcblems of all surts and «Izes. If your prop-
erty is mortcaged and you need more money
\u25a0ec HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bldg.
AJCY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
eecond mortgages, estates la probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, undivided interests se"U-
ritiet. manufacturing, mercantile and tlmb»r
interests, corporation loans. R. 16. first floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANT proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests- cha*-
tel mortgage., «tc. D. J. HALLOHAJV.
Adams building. 206 Kearny st.. room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 18G5, proper
place to borrow nuney on diamonds Jewelry
pianos and sealskins It lowest rate of interest
* Grant ave.. near Ma:ket St.; tel. Black 547L
HIGHLY resoectabie private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
\u25a0t.; tel. Main 1G44. Branch 1» Third st.
MUNICIPAL Loan. Office. 103 Grant ave near
Geary et.; phone Red 1CC8.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furnl-
ture or pianos without removal: ary amount-
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery!
CAfe'H loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or or. mortgages :i t 6 per cent per
annum. UORRELL. C09 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on 1'urnJture, etc., by prU'ate
party ; no removal; no commission; oonfiden-
tlal. Room 8, Conservatory bids., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest lr.tsreBt; easy terms; no broker-
fcge; reliable party. 3170 Market St.. room €S.
MOXEY loant-d Falarled pecpla without eecur-
lty. HiU. r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
VA.er. furniture and pianos: J15 up; no removal:
rffo coniir.lfslon; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
OX furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal'
Etrictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister Et.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
tlOOO; any security. 3C2 Montgomery et.. r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
*u* It. A. E. UUDELL, 222 Sansome et.
MONF.V TO 1.O AX-— Contl n n crt. j
THE TOUSLE Y Company; loans and dis-
counts. Sil Parrott building.
ON salaries or wages; no Indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelati building.
LOANS nsoney on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. "Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL 1XSTRUMENXS.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY &
CO. may be exchansed for a new Steinway
i upright or baby grad piano any time within
; Z years from date of purchase, and have full
1 price allowed. New upright pianos, }ti per
! jncnih; some good pianc» sold for $3, il and
15 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
t?tcinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
fts., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st., Oakland. . \u25a0
A BAUMKISTER piano gives you more for the
money than any other. Tbey are first class
in everything except price. You can use one
5 years and then exchange for a Decker if
you wish without losing a cent. We have
some choice bargains in second-hand and new
instruments. THE ZE.VO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 763 Market st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright Dlanos from $55 up.
Fecond-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $L'5 up; nfW up-
right pianos from il75 up. BE.N'J. CURTAZ
6 SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. Ma-
Eon fc Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY r:ano sold by us taken back any time
witniii 3 years and full purchase Drice al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at reeular
prlc; costs vou enly 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. SO
OFarrell St.; established 1S50.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
fole acents for famous and oldest American
makes, including Hallet-Davls; great bar-
Cain lift. J50 up; Steinway. $1S5 up: Fischer.
$100; Chiekering. $165; 20 others; rents $2 up;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary St.,
A SMALL Weber upright. $125: elegant walnut
case Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak case; Hardman square, $45; organs. $25
up. BOWERS & SOX. 23 Fifth St.. IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos in storage to be EOld at Eastern fac-
tory prices; fecond-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.
PIAXOS — The most modern and up to date;"
Pteck. Everett. Conover. Packard. Ludwig.
j Hardman and many others: wholesale and re-
I tail. The Wiley B. Allen Co.. 933 Market St..
I K. F. : (Branch Store. 951 Broadway. Oakland).
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton.
Fpielmann pianos. 308 Post st.
WANTED— Hallet Davis square pianos-: $100
premium above value. HEINE. 217 Geary.
$550 PIANO, nearly new. for $225r pianos with
harp attachment. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
GENTLEMAN leaving town will sacrifice ele-
gant large upright piano. 40S Golden Gate av.
GOOD second-hana upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. IB McAllister st.
LEFT on sale— Antisell large upright. J12C;
Steinway. $165. 217 Geary st. room 36.
550 — Emerson and 7 bargain uprights and baby
grand. Fay's Piano Factory. '1729 Mission.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk ft., near Market—
Shonincer. Schubert and Steinway bargalna.
$75 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIGRCE'S
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church sts.
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 20S Post gt.
ELEGANT new upriRht pianos for rent. S3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
NURSES.
MRS. C. A. WALLIS, nurse. 531 Turk Bt.;
phone East 794.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO Lease— 3 sunny lofts or separate, 53x60 fe»t;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
ply COLLIXS. 500 Mission st.
_ _' OIL.
OIL tanks, pecond-hand. In good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
1 I'AIXTEKS AM> UBCOII.VTORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up: whitening done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d: tel. Red 352L
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Biack 661.
PEHSO.VALS.
INDIAN baskets. Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL. 118 Geary
et., largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der, $15; with these suits we make an extra,
pair pants free of -charge; other suits on in-
stallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket st., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatici. neuralgia or gout; price
12 £0 per bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia St.. S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 N Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HAIR, birth marks, moles removed forever
without pain or 5car with electricity by
•MISS GRUBER. the cosmetic artist, 359S
Eighteenth Ft., cor. Guerrero.
DO you WTlte ads? Send address to-day on
your business stationery for invaluable in-
formation free. Harper Syndicate. Columbus,
Ohio.
ONLY one price for all styles of hair dressing,
25c; good switches, $1. G. LEDERER, 123
Stockton st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. t2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.S.G.Moore, 332 O'Farrell: send for circular.
FACIAL massage; Hydro- Vacu treatment; elec-
trolysis. Mrs. Dunlap's Parlors, 34 Kearny. st.
STOP that •\u25a0cough"— Callfornian Lung Balsam
will do It; all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
ASPHALTUM raint— Fix your own roofs; 60c
per gallon. Ill Van Ness ave.
ANY case rheumatism cured under guarantee.
Call on doctor, r. 504 Parrott bldg., or write.
Dixon's Permanent Superfluous Hair Remover at
dKiggists', hairdressers'. Free trial. 935 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter St.
OBESITY cured: no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia st, bet. ISthand 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market gt.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 723 Mkt.
PLAMXG AXD TURX1XG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. S5 Fremont st.
THYSICIAXS AXD SURGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
102Hfr Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st.; see testimonials at Office.
DR. KG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St., opp.
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
PRO PERT V WASTED.
CHEA&? Improved property wanted for cash
buyers. A- M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
REAL ESTATE — CITY FOR SALE.
CHEAP business corner; SE Filbert and
Pierce Ets. ; a good corner to improve with
grocery and flats, and will pay big interest;
size 36x*2:6; street work all done; Filbert is I
bltuminlzed; a few steps only from Union Et.
cars; $2300: easy terms; $100 first payment.
W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
A PROPERTY. Improved or vacant, on Valen- I
cia. Mission or Howard, with a frontage of
about. 75 feet, wanted to purchase. \V. J. i
OUNN; 5:0 California st. \u2666
FLATS or a nice dwelling that is In good con-
ditlon and with modern Improvements want- i
ed to purchase for the Income; Mission cr
Western Addition. W. J. GUNN, 530 Cali-
fornia st.
RESIDENCK wanted to purchase in the West-
ern Addition, west of Van Nets ave. W. J.
_GUNN, 530 California st. \u25a0
SIX. seven and eight room cottages; also two
flat houses In block between 17th, ISth. Castro
and Noe sts.; >,* cash, balance monthly pay-
' mfnts; Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
SON. builder.
NEW house 7 rooms, facing Ouboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day; large yard;
basement; near cor. Waller aftid Steiuer.
GEO. H. MOORE, 63 Portola St.
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Mount Morian
Lodge No. 44. , F. and A. M. .Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MORSE— In Berkeley. September 30, 1901. Ralza
A., husband of Ellen Morse, and father of
Mrs. D. Winter and Blanche, Ruby and Clin-
5 ton R. Morse, a native of New York, aged
69 years 6 months and" 21 days.
,G?"The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2240 Shattuck avenue. Interment
private.
MOFFITT— Entered into' rest in this city, Sep-
tember 29. 1901, Thomas S. Moffltt, aged 72
years. (Boston and Philadelphia papers please
copy.)
• ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner "of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Occidental
Lodge. No. 22, F. and A. M.
PLUMMER— In Detroit, Mich.. September 25,
1S01, Mary K. Plummer, daughter of the late
Philip Biddle, and sister of G. W. Biddle. a
native of Indiana.- -
{E?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors cf Charles J. B. Metzler. 638 Washington
street, thence to Third and Townsend streets
by 10:29 o'clock tralu. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery-
SCHOMAKER— In this city. SeDtember 30.
1901, George Schomaker. beloved brother of
Louis Schomaker, a native of Germany, aged
40 years 9 months and 28 days.
|C7"Friends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass. S17 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STEIMLE— In this city, September 30, 1901,
Catherine, beloved wife of William Stelmle,
and mother of Henry, Louis and John
: Stelmle and Mr«. Kate Wirthlnger, a native
of Germany, aged 62 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 7:45 o'clock, from her late
residence. 719% Howard street, thence to St.
Boniface's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 8:15 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SORENSEN— In this city. October 1. 1901,
Karen Sorensen, sister of Mrs. Captain B.
II. Madison. r - a native of Denmark. age,d 75
years 11 months and 28 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the Third
Congregational Church, Fifteenth street, be-
tween Mission and Valencia. Interment pri-
vate.
' STEWARD— In this city, September 30, 1901.
i Linus Steward, beloved father of Lllah Shan-
non, a native of Maryland, aged 72 years and
4 months. (Fresno and Vallejo papers please
copy.)
and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeraWt Vallejo
to-morrow (Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock. Re-
mains at the parlors of Charles J. B. Metz-
ler, 636 Washington street. Interment at
I Vallejo.
SPANGLER-In this city, September 28, 1901,
Lillln E. Spangler, a native of Germany,
aged £0 years.
Vgy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 3:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler/ 63G Washing-
ton street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WENTWORTH-In this city. September 30.
1901, Cornelia P. Wentworth. beloved mother
of Lindley Apple, a native of Stockton, Cal.,
azed 35 years.
CARD OF THANKS.
We desire to acknowledge the sympathy
extended to us by our friends during our be-
reavement, and especially the tributes of
Company A, N. G. C, Bay City Parlor. N.
S. G. W., and Reinhold Richter Camp, Span-
ish-American War Veterans. „„„„
MR. AND MRS. W. A. ASMUSSEN.
• CARD OF THANKS.
We desire to thank our friends for their
kind sympathy in
RUBY HYNE.
AUGUSTUS HTNE.CANDIDATES AND DELEGATES WHO WERE CONSPICUOUS AT THE FINAL SESSION OF THE REPUBLICAN
MUNICIPAL CONVENTION LAST EVENING. STRIKING POSES CAUGHT BY THE CALL'S CARTOONIST
DURING THE DISCUSSION OF THE FITNESS OF ASPIRANTS FOR PUELIC OFFICE.
POLICE JUDGES C. A. LOW, FRANK P. HAYSKS
SUPERVISORS.
JOHN F. AHEARN, W. H. COBB, ~ A. F. ROBERTS,
GEORGE ALPERS, J. W. COLLINS, GEORGE R. SANDERSON,
ADAM ANDREW, FREDERICK EGGERS. t CHARLES H. STANYAN,
PERCY BEAMISH, XV. H*. GEORGE, JAMES M. WILKINS,
FREDERICK XV. BEXT, ALFRED LILIEXFELD, HORACE WILSON.
CHARLES BOXTOX, . • WILLIAM J. OFFERMAX, FREDERICK FRANKENTHAL,
DISTRICT ATTORNEY ARTHUR G. FISK
RECORDER CHARLES E. COREY
CITY ATTORNEY \ t JOSEPH E. HARRY
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR JOHN FARNHAM
TAX COLLECTOR EDWARD J. SMITH
COROXER DR. C. A. GLOVER
MAYOR ,. .ASA R. WELLS
AUDITOR ! . . . .HENRY BAEHR
TREASURER i JOHN E. McDOUGALD
COLXTY CLERK A. B. MAHONY
SHERIFF •• JOHN LACKMAXN
NOMINEES OF REPUBLICAN CONVENTION.
Hoanoke Rye, Honey and Horehound.
Get. It. You'll not regret it. »
The police were notified yesterday that
Hing Yow, who was . employed in a res
taurant at 632V& Jackson street, had possi-
Chinese May Be Kidnaped.
Saw and ax contests are favorite pas
times in Tasmania. - • »
To join that personally conducted day
light excursion via the Southern Pacific
Saturday next to Lake Tahoe. Hotel
rates $2 and $2.50 per day. You should
have registered yesterday when you
thought of it; to-day at 613 Market street
will do.
This Wednesday Morning Make tJp
Your Mind
''But that the American press is improv
ing and Is bound to improve cannot, I
think, be doubted by any one who has
come in .contact, as I have done, with the
men who have made it. However much
one may differ from their standpoint or
deprecate their methods, it is impossible
to deny their quick intelligence and
breadth of view, or the thorough earnest
ness and uprightness of purpose by which
the conductors of the press are actuated,
while In that which makes a press greater
in independence ( and incorruptibility,
financial, political or social, the American
can compare on equal terms with the
English press."
LONDON, Oct. 2.-An item in the Times
to-day by a special correspondent who
was recently in America, which is- cor
rectly attributed to Moberly Bell, man
ager of the Times, describes his experi
ences with interviewers and their capacity
to provide interesting copy, whether the
person interviewed contributes thereto or
not. In conclusion, however, the corre
spondent pays a high tribute to the
American Dress, as follows:
He also asked that some money that
was due him from the Montana Central
Railroad be sent to a niece, and ttyen he
was pulled up. The end of the rope was
tied to a pole and the crowd dispersed.
Later Sheriff McConnell cut the body
down and placed it In a coffin. \u25a0 There
will be an investigation to-day.
The march to the hanging place was
quiet. Brady, was given a chance to say
a word. He declared that they had the
wrong man, although he had been posi
tively identified by his victim and a score
of other people who had seen him with
the child.
The crowd was orderly and \ after the
man had been hanged it quietly dispersed.
There were about 200 men engaged in the
affair and they were . all masked. \u25a0 They
attacked the jail door with a battering
ram and it soon yielded. .--
On gaining admittance they demanded
the keys of the jailer at the point. of a
gun and threatened If he did not yield
the man up they would kill him. * The
jailer then got the. man out of his cell
and he was given to the mob. When they
first took him Brady asked:
"What is it, gentlemen?"
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 2.-James Ed
ward Brady, the man who committed an
unusually brutal assault upon 5-year-old
Ida Pugsley in Helena yesterday, was this
morning, about 1:30 o'clock, taken/from
the jail by a mob and hanged to a tele
graph pole in the Haymarket square,
about three blocks from the jail. .
Assailant of a Child Is
Hanged From a Tele
graph Pole.
London Times Publishes
a Complimentary
Criticism.
BRITON LAUDS
AMERICAN PRESS
MARRIES' A DYING WOMAN
TO : CARE! FOR EEH CHILD
Samuel Isaacson Becomes Husband
of Mrs. Carrie Bryant to Better
Fulfill Promise.
Justice of the Peace Long officiated at a
sad ceremony last Monday when he joined
Samuel Isaacson ' in wedlock to, Mrs.
Carrie Bryant, who is lying on her death
bed. The wedding .took place at 203%
Third street and was witnessed by A. Mc-
Cullouch arid M. Pedderson.
Mrs. Bryant is 33 years of age and has
a little girl 7 years of age. She had often
requested Isaacson to take care of her
daughter after she died, and it was
tnought'that he would have a better legal
right to do so if he married the mother.
Isaacson is 21 years of age. The mother
and newly made wife is slowly succumb
ing to the ravages of the disease that has
laid her low. 7
Glover the nominee of the convention,
and the physician took the stage and in
dorsed the plattorm and made the usual
promises.
"\*7hen it was announced that nomina
tions for Police Judges were in order Mr.
Currie again cained .the recognition of
the chairman, and as he took the plat
form he was cheered for his courage.
Mr. Currie aroused merriment by an
nouncing that' he had another candidate
who desired to give $10 to the birds. He
named Edwin M. Sweeney for Police
Judge. The speaker said his candidate
was not on the. slate, and he therefore
asked the delegates to show their inde
pendence and vote for him.
Lon E. Prescott of the Fortieth District
followed, and in' a eulogistic speech he
named Charles A. Low. H. G. W. Dinkel
spiel swung into line and named Frank
P. Hayne. Norman. W. Hall, a young
Republican from the Thirty-ninth Dis
1 trict, named John W. Koch.- Merten Cal
len and Mr. Hillman seconded the nom
ination of Mr. Hayne.
The surprise of the -convention was the
appearance of "Fat Jack" O'Connor, who
mounted the platform, paid his 110 and
named John W. Koch. The delegates
warned O'Connor that hi-s candidate had
already been named and advised him to
take back his money. The alacrity he
displayed in getting his money convulsed
the delegates. •>
The roll was then called and the vote
announced was as follows:
Frank P. 1 Hayne... ;.,.23S
Charles A. Low 154
John W. Koch 44
Edwin M. Sweeney 118
Nominations of Supervisors.
Chairman Riordan then announced that
Frank P. Hayne and Charles A. Low were
bly been kidnaped. A white man and
Chinese belonging to the Bow Ong \u25a0 so
ciety called at the restaurant Monday
afternoon and the highbinder pointed to
HIng Yow, saying "that is the man." The
white man pulled a paper out of his
pocket and said It was a warrant for
HIng Yow's arrest. HIng Yow's friends
wanted to see the, warrant, but the man
refused to show It and hustled Hing Yow
out of the place.- Hing Yow's friends
have since been unable to find any trace
of him. . '
Mr. Greenbaum tried to bring order out
of chaos by asking for an adjournment
When the uproar was at its height Mr.
Hillman jumped Into the breach and
asked that the names be read before the
nominations closed. He said the dele
gates were desirous, of learning for whom
they were going to vote. He asked that
order be maintained and the delegates
listen to the names presented and weigh
them well before they voted.
Bichmond Club Makes Request.
. Edmund Tauzsky , tried to make a
speech, but his remarks were drowned in
an uproar of cheering and jeers. He suc
ceeded in. gaining attention by taking the
gavel. As temporary chairman he suc
ceeded in quieting the delegates. •
Myrtle Cerf tried ,to make a motion, but
had to desist. "Fat" Jack O'Connor
moved that nominations close.
MONTANA MOB
HOLDS LYNCHING
the nominees of the convention.
Nominations for Supervisors were then
in order and a delegate moved that there
be no nominating speeches. The motion
prevailed. Myrtle Cerf of the Thirty
eighth then made a motion that the nomi
nations be made by districts. Marc
Anthony seconded the motion and the
chairman ruled It. out of order." Anthony
took an appeal from the chair and a deal
of • discussion was had. Leon Samuels
closed the long \u25a0winded speeches by mov
ing, that the appeal be laid on . the table.
A roll-call resulted in 259 ayes and eighty
eight noes. The chair ruled that the ap
peal was laid on the table, and despite
the points of order and motions stated
that nominations for Supervisors were in
order. For a time the nominations could
not be heard. The delegates, therefore,
satisfied themselves by handing the secre
tary the names of the candidates.
Chairman Riordan called the conven
tion to order at 8:20. The first business
of the evening was the nomination of a
candidate for City and County Attorney.
Mai-k Sheldon took the platform and
named Joseph E. Barry for the office.
Charles Sonntag seconded the nomination
and there being none other named, the sec
retary was instructed to cast the ballot
of the convention. Barry was then
escorted to the platform and after the
cheering bad subsided expressed his ap
preciation of the honor conferred upon
him and said if elected he would conduct
the office in a business-like manner.
John R- Hillman had me pleasure of
nominating John Farnham for the office of
Public Administrator. He paid a high
tribute to his candidate. He said Mr.
Farnham was unable to visit the various
districts during the last election owing to
Illness and had he been able to make a
canvass he would undoubtedly have been
elected, as he only lost the office by a few
hundred votes. C. E. Murdock paid a
high tribute to Mr. Farnham. He said he
>>bH honesty, backbone and all the other
qualifications that were necessary to be
elected.
He took occasion to say that the Forty
first District delegates were In the con-
\ r ention as an object lesson; that they
were there In defense of a principle, and
although they had little opportunity to
help make up the ticket, they would take
their medicine like men and would return
to their district without sore heads or
hearts and hoped they would meet the
other delegates on a more auspicious oc
casion.
When the applause had passed the
nominations were close! and the ballot of
the convention was cast for the candidate.
Mr. Farnham then mounted the platform
and was applauded. He indorsed
the platform, and thanked the delegates
for nominating him.
\u25a0 The next business in order was the
nomination of a candidate for Tax Col
lector. J. S. Partridge named Edward J.
Smith in a flowery speech and Leon Sam
uels seconded the nomination. The sec
retary cast the ballot of the convention
and Mr. Smith took the platform and
promised to fulfill the duties of the office,
if elected, to the best of his ability and
to the satisfaction of the taxpayers.
Attempt to Break the Slate.
Merten C. Allen took the platform and
deposited another 510 piece for the privi
lege of nominating a "live man for a dead
office." He named Dr. C. A. Glover for
Coroner. The speech was clever and won
the applause of the delegates. W. W.
Shannon seconded the nomination.
The first attempt to crack the slate was
made at this time. Arthur Currie mount
ed the platform and named Dr. A. D. Mc-
Lean. His speech was greeted with long
cheers by the gallery, which was anxious
to see the oiled wheels of the convention
slip a cog. Mr. Currie remarked that the
Forty-first District \u25a0was the only one
.not in captivity. When the laughter had
died out he begged the delegates to show
their independence by voting against the
elate. He wanted to see a small crack
in it. he said.
When the applause had ceased Marc
Anthony seconded the nomination of Dr.
McLean. The vote resulted as follows:
Dr. Glover 275 2-3
Dr. McLean 70 1-3
Chairman Riordan then declared Dr.
The highest vote, 298, was secured by
George B_ Sanderson. The popularity of
Horace Wilson. Dr. Boxton and T. "W.
Collins was attested by a large vote.
The chairman of the convention last
night after adjournment announced the
following committtee on purity of elec
tion:
L J. Truman, P. H. Frendergast, M. L.
Asher, Edward Kelly and Frank J. French.
The foregoing committee, together with
Chairman Riordan, is authorized to act as
the campaign committee.
The customary three cheers for the
ticket were not called for when the-con
vention adjourned. The nominations are
not received with -enthusiasm. The
friends of Asa R. Wells predict his elec
tion, however, and several of them re
marked yesterday that his election to the
Mayoralty would put the San Francisco
delegation behind him for Governor next
year.
Barry for City Attorney.
some confusion In the proceedings
relative to the selection of Supervisors,
but every candidate on the slate was in
dorsed. In order to guard against visitors
the chairman of each boss delegation was
supplied with a list of the slated eighteen..
Ae a further precaution Thomas D. Rior
dan, chairman of the convention, in read
ing the list of all the names submitted
for the Board of Supervisors had the se
lected eighteen first. The programme was
adhered to from start to finish. The slate
was returned to the makers without a
fracture.
A. proposition to allow each district dele
gation to announce its candidate for Su
pervisor was defeated. It happens, there
fore, that the Twenty-eighth, Twenty
ninth. Thirty-eighth. Thirty-ninth. Forty
fourth and Forty-fifth districts are not
represented on the Supervisorial ticket.
Three Supervisors are given to the Forti
eth district, two to the Forty-first, two to
the Thirty-seventh and two to the Thirty
fifth. The candidates nominated for Board
of Supervisors are:
John F Ahearn, Thirty-second District, soap
maker; George Alpers. Thirtieth, saloonkeeper
and grocenman; Adam Andrew, Fortieth,
Sh%«rta Water agency; Percy Beamish, Thirty
fourth, merchant; Frederick W. Bent, Thirty
third, ealoon; Charles Boxton, Thirty-seventh,
dentist; \V. H. Cobb, Thirty-fifth, lawyer; T.
W. Collins, Forty-first, grain buyer: Frederick
Eegers. Thirty-seventh, salesman; Frederick
Frankenthal Forty-third. broker; W. H.
George, Thirty-fifth, milkman; Alfred Lilien
feld. Forty-second, haberdasher; William J.
Off -si-man. Thirty-first, saloon and grocery; A.
F. Roberts, Thirty-Eixth, salesman; George It.
Banderson. Forty- firet. real estate dealer;
Charles H. Stanyan, Fortieth, Fashion stabler ;
James M. Wilkins. Fortieth, Cliff House; Hor
ace Vi'l'son, Forty-second, librarian.
THE Republican local convention
last night concluded its work of
approving the slato nominations
and adjourned sine die. There was
All Candidates Are
Nominated With
out Trouble.
Mild Effort to Break
Slate Is Quickly
Frustrated.
REPUBLICAN LOCAL CONVENTION CONCLUDES
ITS ARDUOUS LABORS AND ADJOURNS SINE DIE
Supervisors Named
and Other Places
Are Filled. .
County Committee Se
lected and Delegates
Depart.
AGED TEACHER
DIES SUDDENLY
until Thursday night. The chairman
ruled the motion out of order, as such
a postponement would prevent the nom
inees of the convention qualifying.
The roll call then proceeded and as
each district was called the chairman
of the delegation read a list of candi
dates and the number of votes cast by
the delegates.
The following nominations were made:
John F. Ahearn, George Alpers, Adam Andrew,
Percy Beamish, Fred N. Bent, Charles Boxton,
W. H. Cobb, T. W. Collins, Frederick Eggers.
Frederick Frankenthal, W. H. George, Alfred
Lilienfeld, J. W. Offerman, A. F. Roberts,
George R. Sanderson, Charles H. Stanyon,
James M. Wilkins and Horace Wilson.
Adam Beck, Henry Jocfet and John S.
Elliott were placed in nomination, but did
not receive enough votes to be placed on
the ticket.
The slate candidates for Supervisor re
ceived an average of 288 2-3 votes each.
George R. Sanderson received the high
est, 298 votes. Joost received 16, Beck 46
and Elliott 5.
New County Committee.
The following communication was re
ceived by the convention and placed on
file: . \
The Republican Municipal Convention — Gen
tlemen: The Richmond District Improvement
Association respectfully requests your body to
add a plank to your platform specifically pledg
ing your nominees to the construction and
operation by the municipality of the Geary
street Railway, with such connections as will
give its patrons access to the ferry and all
parts of the city upon the expiration of the
present franchise, next April— seven months
hence. CHARLES H. HUBBS,
E. P. E. TROY; Secretary. President.
The following were named as county
committeemen from the various Assem
bly districts:
Twenty-eighth District— James H. Daly,
Thomas Bryant, James Lennon and Martin
Kelly.
Twenty-ninth— J. T. Collins. E. Lutgens, Leon
Samuels. Joseph Horn.
Thirtieth— L. A. Devoto, D. J. Crane, B. Cox,
J. Roach.
Thirty-first— John Collins, Patrick Prender
gast, James F. Lawler, Frank Dougherty.
Thirty-second— 'James Cusack. Jeremiah Lucy,
John W. Ahearn, Jack Symon.
Thirty-third — George Pennington, B. P. La
grave, James Boyle, Felix Dugan.
Thirty-fourth-R. L. Hathon, P. F. Msrtes.
M. B. V. Taylor. C. McClellan.
Thirty-fifth— A. M. McPherson. J. D. Daly,
Charles Ketch, John S. Partridge.
Thirty-sixth— J. Tuite, "William Gleason, "W.
H. O'Connor, T. Woods.
Thirty-seventh— John R. McGufnck. John
Newford, T. V. Maxwell, Henry Trevor.
Thirty-eighth — Lewis Haake, George Sharp,
J. Goldman,- B. A. Lemmon.
Thirty-ninth— Myer Jacobs, W. W. Hall, G.
B. Keane. H. W. Fraser.
Fortieth — Edward Beeler. George McGlynn,
William Wilkinson. Jesse E. Marks.
Forty-first— R. E. Campbell, A. G. Towne, W.
G. Hartman, O. C. Pratt.
Forty-second— Thomas D. Riordan, Dave A.
McCarthy, John T. Skinner, William H. Gal
lagher.
Forty-third — William Lyons, M. J. Flynn,
William Blakely. R. F. Quarg.
Forty-fourth— E. M. Buckley, Alexander Bar
det, John Christenson. Martin McGowan.
Forty-fifth— W. B. Miller. James Carr, S. J.
Robertson, J. J. Greene.
There was quite a dispute In the Thirty
eighth District about the selection of
county committeemen. The wrangle be
came so great that the chairman had
hard work keeping order. Martin Kelly,
to end the dispute, moved that the list
of county committeemen sent in by the
chairman of the Twenty-eighth be ac
cepted. Despite Delegate Currie's demand
for a roll call the motion was put and
carried.
A vote of thanks was extended to Chair
man Riordan and the secretaries.
The chairman* was empowered to ap
point a committee of twenty-five on puri
ty of election, and the county committee
was empowered to fill all vacancies on
the ticket caused by resignation or death.
Professor J. A. Rindge Is
Stricken With Heart
Failure. '
COMMITTEE IS DIVIDED.
Democrats Consider the Question of
Precedence in Nominations.
The committee on order of business of
the Democratic Municipal Convention met
yesterday afternoon in the office of Chair
man McGee to consider whether it was
advisable to name the Board of Super
visors before the nominee for Mayor was
selected. The committee was divided on
the question. Another meeting will be
held this afternoon to decide the matter.
The order in which municipal officers are
designated in the charter will be followed,
with possibly the exception of Mayor.
•The committee on platform and resolu
tions met during the afternoon and laid
out the lines that will be followed. It is
proposed in a general way to indorse the
present municipal administration.
Democrats Looking- for Mayor.
• The Democratic locai convention will
meet at Odd Fellows' Hall this evening.
It is reported that a nomination for
Mayor will not be made to-night. The
leading candidates mentioned are Harry
Creswell. Dr. C. A. Leonard, Dr. Leland
and Supervisors Hotalingr and Branden
stein. Dr. Washington Dodge, who is on
a vacation in the country, has been asked
to lead the party in. the local campaign.
Professor Joseph A. Rindge, a venerable
teacher of ancient languages In a college
at Mobile. Ala., 'dropped dead last night
at the home of F. B. McElriach, 1014
Golden Gate avenue. "While walking
through the hallway he was stricken with
heart disease and before medical attend
ance- could be called he had passed away.
At the time of iiis death Professor.
Rindge was 80 years of age. He intended
visiting John T. Doyle, the well-known
lawyer, .who resides at Menlo Park, and
had made preparations to leave for the
home of his friend to-day.
, Professor Rindge was well known to
the residents of this city. For many
years he was engaged in teaching Greek
and Latin in Sacred Heart College. He'
received an offer from a big educational
institution in Mobile, Ala., some years
ago and accepted it. He was extremely
popular and a man of high attainments.
He came to this city a week ago to meet
his old pupils and friends and was being
warmly welcomed. The news of his de
mise will be a surprise to his scholars.
October 3rd and 4th
Will be the last days upon which Pan-Ameri
can Excursion tickets to Buffalo will be sold
$87 for the round trip. Full particulars at 641
Market St.. office of the Santa Fe.
Growney's Death Saves Her.
The . case of Kittle Mahoney, charged
with grand larceny for stealing $140 from
Theodore Growney in a \u25a0 room at Eighth
and Folsom streets about ten days ago,
was dismissed by Judge Conlan yester
day. Growney died suddenly last Sunday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, OCTOBER 2, 1901.
12
•Phone Howard 102L
119 TAYLOR STREET.
BUSINESS BRMGERS.
October 2, 3, 4 and 5.
BAKING SODA, 10c package 6c-
DIITTCD ? ancy Creamery. Q 71 ft
HUI I" r f^Tw a e r e e t S table 0' 2 C
butter. Usual good quality.
EGGS, BEST EASTERN 2oC
DJITTED Elgin Creamery. 16-00**
DU 1 I Cn ounce pound /lIC
uu I I Ull Very best June butter tUU
Cut In squares. No limit Wednesday.
Usually 25c.
EGGS, GOOD RANCH 30c. ' j»
V M fi Y 1 Q GELATINE. Three ft r \
MlUA U Packages Jn\\
i\"UA W Recipes inclosed. Thurs- 4UU
day only. Usually 12%c package.
•OLIVES, Queen size, quart 2Oc
MACARONIS b v--..- F^25c
Short or long cut, at **
half-price. Usually 10c.
EASTERN CHEESE, 20c pound 15c
SOAP STL! 3 .?... 1 : 3^ Ofr
ww "' Made of purest material" tuu
Queen Lily Soap Company box 100 bar-
HOLLAND HERRING, eight for 23c '
\A/UIQ^CV" Horseshoe " Bourbon.Fr.
WnluftiZl Quart bottIe i)*\P
imiuixui Alwaya soldag a , ead .UJU
er at Faber's. Sample at store. 90c qual-
ROCK AND RTE, $1.00 bottle 75 P
ZINFANDELi|^.^45c
perior for bottling. Usually 70c
$1.50 PORT or SHERRY, gallon «T in
MALT £3££&£g£gSgg lOfi
mnui pe rfect food for bQdy and -IUU
brain. Delicious in flavor; most easily di
gested. Five packages limit. Usually 15c
CRANBERRY SAUCE. 2-pound tin l() e "
COFFEE iS™ $1.00
SATURDAY night. from 6 to 11 o'clock
Never before have we offered $1.75 worth
best coffee for $1.00. Save 75c while you
can.
No prizes— just Pure Coffee, ground or
whole. Usually 35c pound.
DilUljnLOt" bootblacks, bath-
bouses, billiard tables
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangera, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento «t
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
catalogues and Prlca Lists Mailed
on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. .Germain Billiard Co., late Jacob Strahla
& Co. (est'd. 1S52). 17 and 19 Fremont St.; upon
Installment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE ANJ Pia IRO*.
J. C WILSON & CO JV Battw y stre «
.*- V' 1MLJUH U MJ., Telephone Main 138 ».
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CO Shipping Bulchers. 10*
4AJ' UVILOW VVJ. clay. Tel. Main 1294.
OILS. ': V -
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELU9
418 Front «t.. S. F. Phone Main 1713.
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGN & McGU^
FICK. 23 Spear St.. S. F. TeL Matn 63207
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
J C ROM AINF 6 i° GOLDEN GATE AVB,
J» W- nUillAUlC. Telephone Howard 1?15T
PRINTINO. ~~
E.C.HPQBES. iuass?a^ > ..j
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. '. *
•:he hicks-judd co..
v a First Kreet. Saa Francbco.
. . . £ . „ ADVERTISEMENTS^ -^-^-,
v
WB ARE NOW PREPARED TO SHOW
AN ELEGANT COLLECTION OF. ...
New Black and Colored Dress Goods, Novelty
Silks, Colored and Black Broadcloths and
Venetians, Golf Skirtings and Velvet Cordnroys.
CLOTH DEPT.
In this department we are showing full lines
of Amazon Cloths, Venetians, Ladies' Cloths,
Covert Cloths, Beavers, Golf Skirtings and
Velvet Cordurous. These are in all the new
Fall colorings, also Blacks, SPECIAL— 55
pieces Genuine Amazon Cloth, 50 inches
wide, all shades-.....: 81.00 Yard
DRESS- GOODS DEPT.
This week we will show a beautiful assort-
ment of New Satin Venetians, Satin Pru-
nellas, Satin Melrose, Satin Regina, in latest
Fall shades, particularly Modes, Browns
and Blues, special-25 pieces 43-inch
All-wool Crepe de Chine, in light, medium
' and pastel shades ...si.oo Yard
SILK DEF*T.
New Black and White Striped Taffetas,
Persian Taffetas, White and Black Polka
Dot Foulards, Warp Print Satin Striped
Taffeta and Corded Louisine Striped Taffeta.
special— 25 pieces New Silk Momie
. Crepe, 20 inches wide, all the leading
shades $1.00 Yard
BLACK GOODS:
New Black French Etamines, Silk and Wool
Poplins, Samite Cloth, Pebble Cheviots,
Camel J s-Hair Chevron, Silk and Wool Creps
de Paris and Silk Finished Batiste, spe-
cial— 30 pieces 48-inch Black Granite
Cloth 61.00 Yard
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST* STREET.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
is the highest grade
baking powder known.
Actual tests show it
goes further — makes
more food-— than any
>\u25a0• V " Royal " makes - the \
finest and most healthful food.
'"-' JWYAt MAKING WWOfcR CO, 1D0 WILUAM 6J. f NEW YORK.
James C. . Rowe, Livingston, Mont.:
"Herpicide cured my dandruff and stop-
ped my falling hair."
McCombs, St. Anthony, Idaho:
"Herpicide cleaned my scalp of dandruff
and made my hair soft as silk and glos-
sy." .
. W. H. Otis, barber, Champaign, 111.: "I
used Herpicide on one customer for dan-
druff and on another . for falling hair
with excellent results."
F. \v. "Woody (assistant postmaster),
Champaign, 111.: { "Herpicide completely
stfcpped my falling hair."
J. J. Bentley, Sheridan, , Wyo. : "Herpi-
cide excellent for cleaning the scalp."
Testimony to the Efficacy of the Ne»7
Scientific Dandruff Treatment.
FEOM FOUR STATES.
It often happens that peo-
ple need glasses without real-
izing that their eyes are fail-
ing. If your eyes feel pecu-
liar, or your sight dims, while
looking intently at an object
or while reading or writing,
; you need glasses undoubted-
ly. We can fit glasses to yonr
eyes that will make your sight
as good or better than it ever
2l7Ke3rne!/Sb5.F.
nn DAV NO CURE, NO PAY
fill Tin I 30 years' experience treating
El'.iS '.injj, DISEASES OF MEN
Call or Write. Boom 1, K«. 26)j Keusr St.. 8. t.