SANy FRANCISCO, THURSDAY,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
APRIL 25, 1901.
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 146.
Sons of the American Revolution Making
Ready, for a Function, and the Postal
Employes Are Arranging for a Big Affair
Reduced Rates From All Available Points
Announced by the Southern Pacific, and
©tSlines Will Follow WitHMc^'|§uts
WOMEN OF THE OHIO SOCIETY ARE PREPARING A GRAND BANQUET
TO BE GIVEN IN HONOR OF THEIR SIGHTSEEING SISTERS FROM THE EAST
PLAN RECEPTIONS FOR VISITING LADIES
MURDEHEKS END UfZ
07 A NAVAJO CHIEF
Tbree Men of the Tribe Kill Bostaen*
So-Eddy-Begay With X&ifs
< and As.
DENVER, April 31.-A report has been
received at army headquarter* in ihlt Uty
frem Lieutenant Charlea Wooah^uiK?,
commanding Fort Wtnsate, N. &f.,' ef tha
killing of "Thomas," er tto«teen»bo-Ed^jr-
Begay, a head man of the Kavajo ln»
dtans, by three men of *hl* tribe.
- • A party of soldiers discovered blood and
other evidences of a murder about seven
mrles southwest of Fort Wlngate. Pur*
Bulng the trail they overhauled "Thomas' "
mother, wife and two children, who said
that Jesus Pardony. Chibe Pardony and
Juan Corly had killed tJw chief with a
knife and an ax after a dispute ov«r a
pony trade and had buried the body on a
high mesa.
CUBANS MUST
ACCEPT PLATT
AMENDMENT
Such Is the Decision Af
ter Governor Wood
Is Heard.
Delegation Arrives and Will
Make Demands That Can*
not Be Granted.
Scheme of Relations as Submitted by
' Uncls Sam Cannot Be
Evaded.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
"CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W..WASHINGTON, April 24.— Complete In
dependence as an indispensable preliminary
to a discussion of the question of future
relations between the United States and
Cuba is what the delegates from the Cu
ban Constitutional Convention will ask of
the administration to-morrow. The mem
bers cf the commission who arrived In
Washington this morning are Domingo
Mendez Capote, president of the Cuban
Constitutional Convention; Diego Tamayo,
member of the National party; Pedro
Gonzales Lorente, lawyer and scientist;
General Pedro E. Betancourt and Rafael
M. Portuondo. They are accompanied by
Pedro N. Entenza. as interpreter, and two
representatives of the Havana press.
Wood's Course Is Upheld.
Primed with facts given to them" by
Brigadier General Leonard Wood, who
also arrived this morning, the President
and Secretary Root will receive the Cuban
commissioners to-morrow and will tell
them that the Platt amendment must bo
accepted before the United States will
withdraw from Cuba.
As the result of a conference lasting two
hours this afternoon, tha President ha*
unreservedly approved General Wood's
course In the negotiations with the con
stitutional convention. This approval had
been anticipated by Secretary Root, with
whom General Wood was closeted this
morning for almost four hours, and who
had * commented favorably upon his
course.
Courtesy of the Commission.
The commissioners were met at the rail
road station by Assistant Secretary of
State Hill. Assistant Secretary of War
Sanger and Captain Sawtelle and Lieu
tenant Overton of the army, who escorted
them to the Shorehani Hotel, where rooms
had been engaged. They remained at tho
hotel during the forenoon and Assistant
Secretaries Hill and Sanger left cards for
the Secretary tf State and Secretary of
War. They went on a shopping expedition
at noon and In the afternoon had a con
ference In their rooms to discuss their
course of action while in Washington.
One of the points- determined by the
commissioners was that they would not
say anything for publication regarding
their mission to "Washington until after
they had called on President McKlnley.
President Capote and General Betancourt
were very courteous, but declined to talk
on the ground that their position was one
of extreme delicacy and that courtesy to
the President required that nothing should
be said through the newspapers until
after they had talked with him. The
other members of the delegation took the
same stand. t
•Independence Comes First.
The delegation has not come to Wash
ington in any spirit of hostility toward
the United States. They believe that SO
per cent of the Cubans desire absolute In
dependence and thev have come to voice
ttvit aspiration. Until this question of ab
solute independence has been definitely
settled they will nut discuss any other
basis for future relations between their
island and the United States.
What the Cuban delegates desire, next
to independence, Is an arrangement by
which the products of their island may
be admitted to the United States on pay
ment of reduced tariff taxes. This will
be strongly urged upon the President and^
Secretary of "War. but It Is a matter with
which the administration has not full
power to deal.
Reciprocal Reduction.
In order to bring about a reciprocal re
duction of the tariff between the United
States and Cuba there must either be
direct legislation by both 'houses of Con
gress or a treaty must be negotiated
which would requlie the approval of tho
Senate.
The President can so no further In this
direction than to promise the Cubans that
he will try to brtng, about reductions of
the tariff on article* imported from Cuba,
Mrs. Addle L. Ballou, secretary of the
society. Is now engaged upon a portrait
of President McKinley, which promises
A charming and eharacterUtlc design,
for the cover of the menu has been de
elened by Mrs, Frank Happerebertfer. It
U r>f poppas, Hie California bear, the big
O ©f California In Mrs. MeKJaley'* favor
ite pule l.hie and the date ©f the aunnl
eieus event in gold. The designs are all
tft N carried em by hand and are eon
npleufriuly lu»nd*ome In result. Ceveri
win b#» m>i for between tw© and three hun/
drt?d eueM*. The ladles of the Presiden
tial party win number upward of a hun»
dred and with the feminine contingent of
the Ohio Society end prominent Wotneh of
the Etate will probably reach the three
hundred limit. The Ohio Boctety will hold
its next meeting to-nlgtht at the house of
Mrs. Mary Mozart. 1424 McAllister Etreet,
and the final arrangements for the affair
will then be made.
The banquet is to be given to the ladles
of the President's party by the ladies of
the Ohio Society of California on May 16.
The banquet will take place simultaneous
ly with the Presidential banauet and
every effort will be made by the fair host
esses to make the welcome accorded the
ladles oft the Presidential party of equal
warmth and splendor to that which will
greet the President and his suite. The
entire second floor of the California Ho
tel will be turned over to the visitors, in
cluding 1 a eulte of dressing-rooms on the
third floor, witji a corps of waltins
women in attendance. General Warfleld
l;aa also placed the large dining-room of
the hotel, at the service of the ladies and
he has promised the finest menu ever
served In Ban Francisco for their enter
tainment. The Hawaiian band and tne
]..-::..- orchestra will furnish sweet mu>
eic for the occasion,
forgetting that'many of the
visitors will be ladies, are preparing for
them a welcome as fitting and hearty as
that which awaits the chief executive and
his officers. There are many of the events
which are necessarily for the men exclu
sively and the- ladies of San Francisco
have taken advantage of these intermis
sions to plan receptions and banquets and
feminine functions galore; and the most
prominent of these is the banquet planned
by the ladles of the Ohio Society.
WHILE in the swins: and
swirl of preparation Mc-
Kinley and his party are
the names eupreme, still
there are those who, not
to make, the occasion one to be remem
bered. ' - « " .
' . The Sons of the Revolution will be as
sisted by the California Society of Daugh
ters of the American Revolution, the
members of which, under the leadership of
their regent, Mrs. John F. Swift, will as
sist in receiving the guests. Beyond the
daughters and perhaps a few other dis
tinguished guests, the affair will be strict
ly^ private. It is on the same afternoon
and "during, the same hours as the recep
tion to the ladies to be given In', the Hop
kins Institute of. Art, but there will be
plenty of time for the ladles of the Presi
dential party to attend both functions.
WILL GEEET THE PRESIDENT.
Oakland School' Children Are to Be
in Line.
OAKLAND, April 24.— The school chil
dren of. Oakland will be one of the* feat
ures; of the visit of President McKlnley
to this city. Oakland is proud of its
schools and its Bchool children and tho
local; committee has decided that no bet
ter reception could be given the President
of the nation than to have the rising gen
eration give him a welcome. Incidentally
It will give the children an opportunity
to see the man who has been making the
history they will read about In after years.
.The school children of Oakland will bo
lined up. by schools. and classes along the
line of the President's drive through the
city. The line of children win begin at
the . corner of Purant and Franklin
streets and will run alone Durant street
t« JacKeo,n,'d.qwn JaoHspn street to Thlr«
teenth and alone Thirteenth street, to
Webster, The. children will be drawn up
on each side ef the streets for ever a
mile,
Tlili wai .tried flu'rlng the visit ef PrsiL
dent lI&rrlBen and the ehlldren were
armed * with beuciueti ef flewen, whieh
they were expktetHQ east dewri In front
ef the • President's carriage. Instead 6f
delrm' that they threw the flewers Int© the
carriage, hit the , President In the eye,
to hie injury, seared the herses and made
the President bo. disturbed, that he drove
away, frem Oakland' and refused to meet
the crowds that gathered to Welcome him.
In. order to. prevent & repetition of -etieh
an" Incident the children will not be trust,
ed; with the deadly bouquet, but will "be
given small American flags. The ' local
committee has placed an '< order for S000
of .these flags and the Presidential optics
will be .safe.
to be a speaking likeness of the leader of
our ..Government. The President has
promised a sitting to the artiste during
his stay here and the already good like
ness will doubtless be further distin
guished when the final touches have been
added. *
The following committee of manage
ment is In charge of the banauet:
% Officers— Mrs. Mary L.. Mozart, presi
dent; Mrs. Addle L. Ballou, . secretary;
Mrs. Annie E. Payot, treasurer.
Executive • committee — Mrs. j Mary G.
Dunn, chairman; Mrs. Annie E. Fish,
Mrs. Lydia F. ' Luse, Mrs. E. J. Ensign.
Mrs. Mary L." Mozart. Mrs. Addle L. Bal
lou. . „ ' ¦
SPECIAL EXCURSION RATES.
Railroads Will All Reduce Fares to
and From the City.
The railroad companies have arranged
special Inducements to bring out of town
people to the city during the President's
visit.
The Southern Pacific Company, will sell
special first-class tickets for San Fran
cisco and return, good upon all trains ar
riving here from May 13 to May IS, inclu
sive, under the following rates compiled
by George Goodman, general passenger
agent of the company:
At one first-Hans fare and one-third, aa fol
lows.: From Etege and Newcastle and their
Intermediate*, via Tienieia; from Martinet and
Newman and Modesto and their intermediates 1 ,
from Lincoln; from Woodland and Arbnckle
and their intermediates; from Vallejo and Cor»
deua, Kama Uosa, CaUstoga and. their Inter*
mediates j from VacavUle and. QtMnda and their
Intermediate*; from Concord. and PanvtU* and
thetr intermediate* s frem. Kntehts l*and«
tns aw* Mary»viu« and their inter
mediates; from Pan taandre and I3lk,
Oreve, P»n Jew, MIHen, Oekaal?, Cl«
mPBtp.Pelsflra «nS th^lr Interroedituegj frem
C^lraa and S«Hnss, New Almad@n, ?pe« Pine*,
Pant* t'rui *nd O#l Mante and th^ir inter
nmiiatesj frera nuMeU and gftnta Cms, New
Almaaen w\d ileulder Cnik and their inter*
mediate*. \ . ;:
At ©ne firet*elaes fare an.t erne. fifth, as fel«
lews! Frem Auburn and Summit and thetr
Intermedlaipii from Turtoek and Madefft and
ttft>-monii and thelf intfermedtalfeBt from V&lta
and Collls Mid their lntpime.llfltr-F; front Bh#rU
dan and Nord &nd their Intermediates; from
Williams and Tehama and Fruto atid thtlr
Intermediates; front Hohcut and Orbvllte and
their Intermediates! from Waterford and Mont
pettier and their Intermediates: from Valley
Spring; from Ijatrobe and Placervllle and their
Intermediates ; from Chualar and Bradley and
their intermediates.
From Auburn at $4 60. Turlock at Si SO; Sheri
dan and Wheat la nd at J4 TO. • Williams and
Colusa Junction at J4 SO, Florin and Brighton
at f 4 40, Waterford and Hlckman .at $4 70,
they do not believe, that Postmaster Gen
eral Smith will think any more of them if
they attend or any the less if they are not
present on the joyous occasion. They say
that Congressman Loud was tendered a
similar banquet- a short time ago, but"
that he declined to accept it, as he did not
wish to tax. the employes of the postofflce
to exhibit their appreciation of him in
that way. The circular is as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., April 24, 1901.
Dear Sir: Availing ourselves of the presence
In San Francisco, as a member of; the Presi
dential party, of Hon. Charles Emory Smith,
the Postmaster General, a number of gentle
men connected -with, the postal service of San
Francisco and vicinity have signified a wish
to extend to, him that hospitality for which
California is noted by . tendering him' a 'com
plimentary banquet. , By special arrangement
with the general, committee having in charge
the reception of i the Presidential ¦ party, • the
evening of May 15 has been set aside for this
purpose and the banquet will be given at Del -
monlco's at 7:30 o'clock. To make this func
tion such a success as will reflect credit upon
our service it is estimated, that the cost will
be $10 for each person' participating. In addi
tion to the Postmaster General we shall have
as guests our Senators and Representatives in
Congress. . ... • ' . '
We are directed by the special postofflce com
mittee on arrangements to extend you a cor
dial invitation tof unite with us in tendering
this compliment to our honored chief. As it ia
Important, In making- the* arrangements, to
know the number of participants, and in order
that the names. of the hosts may be inscribed
upon the nienu card, you are requested to
signify your" acceptance or rejection of t he
invitation on the Inclosed ¦ postal card, and
Immediately msU the pame« to the secretary,
Evening dress will t* In order, Youm cordially,
, JAMES \V, IRW1N,
Chairman Commute* oi Arrangements.
O, 8. TUCilARDRQN, Bwretary,
COMPATRIOTS' RECEPTION,
Sons of American Revolution Will Bo
Honor to President MeKlnley.
At a;!0 e'eleeU an the afternoon ef May
16' the California ieeiety ©t ; 8ens ©f the
Amerlean Revolution will de honor '.to the
President In a reception, t© be heid'tn-the
parleri!ef .the'" Palace -Hotel. The reeep*
tlon.wtll be ta the President and the ladies
and gentlemen forming hie party. * \ ! ;.
The President lea member of the Ohio
Society of the Sons of the American Rev*
olution." and he is very proud . of his mem*
berBhlp, so'when.the.BUbject.of a recep
tion by his California!^ compatriots was
broached to, him* p'e gladly , accepted the
courtesy and as a consequence every good
local compatriot Is planning and working
Latrobe at $4 90, Monterey and Pacific Grove
at ! *4. .
At one first-class fare, as follows: From
Truckee and points beyond to . Ogden,. inclu
sive; from Fresno and Caruthers and points
beyond, main line and branches^ to El Paso,
inclusive; from Vina and points beyond to
Asl.land, inclusive; from San Miguel and points
beyond, main line and j branches, to Saugus,
inclusive. ,
From Truckee at $8 65; Fresno. Malaga, Fow
ler, Selma, Klngsburg and Traver at ?6 75;
Sanger and Reedley at {6 75; Clovis at $6 75;
Caruthers at $6 40; Vina, Tehama, lied Bluff,
Cottonwood and Anderson at $6 80; San Miguel.
Paso Robles and Templeton at $6 75.
The Santa Fe Railway will also sell
tickets at greatly reduced rates. The com
pany will publish a circular to-day giving
all' reduced figures.
The California and Northwestern Rail
road will run special daily excursions to
this city during- the President's visit.
Tickets sold on these excursions will be
sold at much less fhan half fare, but they
will be only good for the day of sale. ..
It was decide-1 late yesterday afternoon
In the big yellow. building that General
Manager Kruttschnitt should go to New
Orleans and personally take charge of the
Presidential train over the entire South
ern Pacific system. E. O. McCormJck had
originally been slated for the job, but it
was finally decided that It would be more
satisfactory for the general manager of
the company to take charge of the train.
Kruttschnitt, while traveling on the train,,
can issue any orders that he may deem
necessary, and he will not have to flrat
communicate with headquarters in this
city.
Special precaution* will be taken In the
running of the train. A pilot engine will
run about three nil lee ahead of the train
and a trailer will also follow behind the
train f§r mettve^of precaution, Manager
Krutttehnttt said yesterday that' picked
crews hftd been eeleetei as te train hands
en each division that the President .will
pan over,
TO DINS POSTMASTER OENKltAL.
Plan to Do Honor to Chief of Postal
Department.
A circular was received yesterday
through the mall by employes of the San
Franelsco poetofflce, asking them to, bud*
scribe $10 each and take part In a banquet
to be given to PoBtmaster General Smith
on May 15. Several employes have sent
In, their acceptance and expressed their
willingness to attend the banquet, and
several have declined on the score that
they cannot afford the expense, and that
Chambsriain Opposes Hicks-Beach,
DISSENSION OVER BTTDGET.
Who Offers to Resign.
LONDON, . April , 25.— The date of Lord
Salisbury's .return to London from the
Riviera is still problematical and the
rumors of Cabinet trouble over the budget
are assuming greater consistency In the
lobbies of Parliament. According to the
Daily Mail, tfie framing of the budget
revealed considerable dissension. Cham
berlain, the Colonial Secretary, wanted
the whole cost of the war. raised on the
credit of the South African colonies and
had "schemes of his own for providing the
interest on the loan and the Increase of
normal expenditure.
To these schemes, however, with the
exception of the coal duty. Sir Michael
Hicks-Beach turned a deaf ear, and on
being pressed, he offered to resign. Cham
berlain, according to the Daily Mail, fa
vored the resignation, but Lord Salisbury
and Balfour strongly opposed it.
Now it. Is said that . although" at first
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach did not advo
cate a coal tax, he now declines to drop
it, thinking his reputation would suffer,
now that he Is committed to It., He has,
however, agreed to give careful consider
ation to the alternative proposal to sub
stitute an ad valorem duty, on a basis of
8 or 9 pence on Inferior coal, rising to
18 pence on the best Welsh coal. While
this would mollify the northern colliery
owners, it Would intensify the opposition
from Wales, and the belief prevails that
the upahot will be either the abandonment
qf the tax ftUegether or the resignation
of the Ministry. •
Chamberlain te credited with urging the
latter esuree. with the double object of
getting rM ef Sir Miehael Hlek§«Beaeh,
whest plain speaking regarding th© d§.
plerabte financial §©nsequenee« ©f the war
eflendfc him, an4 ©f proving t© the <*..im
try that ther© ; Is n© alternative govern*
meat, as the eppealtten weuld, under ex.
feting cnmiuiouF, decline the task »r form-
Ing a Cabinet.
Aeeordtng to lobby geeulp thli expedient
would 1 pull the Conservative party to
gether and kill the eppesuion within -it*
ranks to the necessary financial expedi
ents. ¦
Humbert's Assassin Is Had.
PARIS, April 24.— A dispatch to the
Rappel from Rome! says that Brescl, the
assassin of King Humbert, has become
mad In consequence of the ill treatment of
his jailers.
OHIO SOCIETY LADIES ARE MAKING READY TO GREET THEIR VISITING SISTERS WITH ALL HONOR.
LONDON, April 24.— J. X. Merriman, the
former Treasurer of Cape Colony, who Is
how a representative of .the Afrikander
Bund in England, speaking at a meeting
of the League of Liberals to-day against
aggression and militarism, said military
law, the abnegation of all laws, was
established in Cape Colony.. The news
papers had not heard of the treachery and
espionage going on. Respectable people
were committed upon the evidence of na
tives alone. They were brought up and
fined for • harmless observations, called
seditious, and the town guards harried
them. These things created greater Irri
tation and Indignation than actual vio
lence.
Ittay Lose South Africa.
' The press was deliberately stopped and
four editors had been sent to jail. The
fruits of this policy would be bitter, as
the memory of these insults burned in the
hearts of the people.
Merriman detailed instances of punish
ment of the Dutch under military law.
usually upon the testimony of natives and
employes. He mentioned an Instance of
a "cheeky girl" being, fined for saying
things against the town guards. Martial
law and the censorship throughout Cape
Colony prevented the people of England
from knowing the hardships of the Dutch.
As an Englishman , Merriman ,said he
viewed the policy pursued in Cape Colony
with the blarke«t dismay. . If-ptrntsted
In... South Africa, was lost to the British
empire. The only thing that could save
It was the recognition that the . people
wanted self-government, and were de
tormiried to have It. ' •':•
Women and • Children Suffer.
J. TV. Mauer, the former Commissioner
of the Public Works of Cape Colony, said
the camps In which the Boer women and
children were kept .were guarded by
sentries with loaded guns and fixed
bayonets.
The majority, of the women had been
placed In them against their will. Their
homes had been burned and their posses
sions had been taken. He had tried to get
the military authorities, through the Gov
ernment of Cape Colony, to permit 200 or
300 women and children camped at Fort
Elizabeth to. be liberated, food and shel
ter having been promised them, by the
town, but the military authorities refused
the request.
Resolutions opposing annexation and
crown government were adopted.
Former Treasurer Merriman Cries
Out Against Present Rule
of Brutality.
Treachery and Espionage
Features of British
I Militarism. . .
TERROR HOLDS
FULL SWAY IN
CAPE COLONY
Cruel Tactics That May
Cause the Loss, of
South Africa.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.turn to Manila. Insurgents fired from the
hills into Catbalagon yesterday before the
arrival of. the commission at that place.
f The.flrinsr caused no damage and troops
... went out thia morning to disperse, the in
¦ surgents. {% ' '
PROBING COJOIISSARY FRAUDS.
"Barry Baldwin Among the Men De
> • , c v -tained as Witnesses.
' MANILA, April 24.— The commissary
is _ progressing. Several im
7 portant witnesses in the Reed case have
left Manila. Barry.. Baldwin, Thomas
A Month?s Test ' Free.
If you have Dyspepsia, write Dr. Snoop, Racine,
¦Wla.,box 137, for six bottles- Dr. Shoop's Restora
tive. Exp. paid. Send no money. Fay S3. 30 if cur«d«
ACCUSED OF. a VIOLATING
QUARANTINE* ORDERS
Cashier of the National Bank of
-"• Pomona Placed Under * .'.
Arrest. , \ ;/." ¦
POMONA, , April 24.-G. A. : Lathrop,
cashier of the, National Bank of Pomona,
has-been placed: underj arrest, charged
with; a violation of the quarantine regula
tions. The warrant- was Issued at the re
quest of » James , Loney. • a member of the
Pomona Board of Health. -
• - Three weeks #go smallpox broke out in
Pomona and' the' public" schools were
closed. A member "of. the banker's, fam
ily -was exposed to ; the ¦ disease and ; his
residence was ; quarantined. • One ¦ week
ago Lathrop went down to the bank.-hav-"
ing secured-' official permission. -Yester
day the 'Quarantine was raised and upon
returning to his official duties he was ar
rested. ' . »<. . '. • „..-,.. -
The Board of Health as a body refused
to sanction the arrest. •- It is said the real
cause, of the trouble is a controversy over
water rights; and al grudge that has
existed for years. " - '- .:.
CARGO OF A STEAMER -
TAKES FIRE AT SEA
When Over Three Hundred : Mile3
From Port the Ontario Is Forced
to Return. ¦ >v3^
QUEENSTOWN, April 24.— The British
'steamer ' Ontario, Captain Brenton, ¦ from
Hull April 18 'or Boston,- put back: with
her cargo' on fire and was docked^ 'The
fire seems to ba confined to her after hold;
It was discovered on the Ontario April 21,
when she was S30 miles west of Fastnet.
The chief officer and . four men - narrowly
escaped suffocation from the fumes of ar
senic in their attempts to reach . the seat
of the fire. 'As it. could not be reached the
captain determined to return. . ¦
Toung Farmer's Suicide.
PETALUMA, April 24.— Bernard , Helt
man, a young German farmer, living in
the -Liberty, district, committed suicide
yesterday by shooting himself in the head
with a shotgun. He was 25 years old. ¦
SPKEALHTG KAIXS SENT
A TRAIN TO DISASTER
Engineer and Fireman Killed and
Otn«r Persons Are Injured in
„ an, Ohio^ Wreck. .: " ;V ;
DAYTON, Ohio, April 24.— The sou th-
bound Cincinnati. Hamilton I and Dayton
limited, due at" this point at 6:20 to-night,
was wrecked nine miles north of Dayton',
near Judson's station. The accident was
due to spreading rails, which caused the
engine to leave the track and plunge into
a ditch. Behind it the baggage car and
smoker up-ended and fell Into the ditch.
Engineer Doolln of Lima was killed, aa
was his fireman. Raymond McElroy also
of Lima. Frank Weaver, brakeman ¦ of
Cincinnati, had his left arm crushed and
was otherwise hurt; George Thompson,
baggagemaster, of Cincinnati, 'suffered
serious abdominal injuries, and Fred Cola
of Sidney, Ohio, a passenger, was serious
ly cut aljout the head.- „
Will Lecture on Trusts.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April 24 —
Professor A. C. Miller of the department
of economics in the University of Chicago
is to deliver a series of special lectures to
Stanford students next week.- The 'gen
eral 1 subject' wlllTbe— "Trusts." .,
EJVTTIiE WITH BULLETS
IN THE COURTROOM
Policeman and His Former Prisoner
Keceive Fatal "Wounds After a
Legal Proceeding.
CHICAGO. April 24.-Two men will die
as the result of a shooting- affray that
occurred In the Harrison-street police eta
tioii courtroom just after court had ad-
Journ.ed to-day. - The wounded men are
Policeman William Messenger and Rich-,
ard D. Houehtelinsr.
Houshteling-, who was formerly em
ployed as a motorman on the Lake Street
Elevated Railway, had been in an alter
cation with the policeman in the street
a short time before the shooting-. He had
been drinking and the policeman had been
appealed to by two women who claimed
that Houghteling had been following
them. Houghteling had been taken' into '¦
rourt and released. As he was leaving
the building- he approached Messenger and
drew a revolver and began shooting. Mes
senger, who was struck by two bullets,
drew his own revoh'er, shot HouRhtellng
and fell unconscious. Other policemen
joined in the shooting, firing probably fifty
shots, and when Houghteling fell in the
hallway leading to the courtroom he was
pierced by five bullets. Both men were I
taken to the hospital, and It is said that
both will die.
OF INTEREST .TO THE COAST.
Changes in the Postoffice Department
and Issue of Pensions, ""
WASHINGTON, April 24.— The Postoffice
Department has announced the following
postofflce' established: Oregon — Rock
Creek," Baker County, Edward P. Caston,
postmaster! Postmasters appointed: Cali
fornia—J. S. Brooks, Famoso, Kern Coun
ty, vice J. F. Campbell, resigned. Oregon
— S. K. Thompsons Nortons, Lincoln
Gtfunty, vice A. K. Sherk, resigned. •
Pacific Coast pensions were issued to
day as follows:
California: Original— Patrick Hickey,
Felton, $6. Additional— James Butler, San
Kranciseo, ?8; 'Joseph R. Mitchell, Los An
geles, $8: Wiley : Knowles, Madera; ' $12.
Renewal— Edward • Fischer, Carters, $6.
Renewal and increase— Eusebiua Marsh,
.dead, Los Angeies, $10; Jacob Ganzer, San
Francisco, $10. War with Spain: Original
—Antonio Isola, San Luis Obispo, $6. -
' Oregon: Original— Donnell R. Cochran,
Independence, $6. '¦ -
"Washington: Original— William Phillips,
Seattle, $3; William F. Stiine, Deep Creek,
$8; George W. W.Shaw, Tolt. $6. Addl
tional-Johh W. Miller, Zillah, $8. ¦:
Major Frank- B. McKenna, 'inspector
general of Volunteers and captain of the
Twenty-eighth .. Infantry, now at San
Francisco, is ordered to proceed to Chi
cago on temporary duty.
Lieutenant Colonel Robert D."' Walsh,
Thirty-fifth Infantry, captain of the Ninth
Cavalry, will report .to Colonel - : Jocelyn,
chief mustering officer, San Francisco, for
duty as assistant, relieving Captain Doug
lass,-who will proceed to Manila for duty
in the subsistence department. : :\ ;¦ .
Brilliant Comet Appeare.
LONDON, April 23.— Dispatches received
from Cape Town and Sydney, N. S. W.~,
this morning: report the appearance of a
brilliant comet. '-\'j9£3ttS9ilfl£i '••
PRUNE PRICES BACK
AT THBEEeCENT BASIS
SAN JOSE, April 24.— The largest day's
business in the history of the prune In
dustry of California was done by the
California Cured Fruit Association to
day,' when 20,000,000 pounds of fruit was
sold. This is a total of 36,000,000 pounds at
the 2-cent basis. ¦;'.., . . ¦ j
The price went back to the 3-cent basl3
this evening. The board of directors,
however, removed the half cent a pound
differential in favor of exporters. This
puts the exporter and the American deal
er on the same basis, that of 3 cents.
Soquel Couple "Weds.
SANTA CRUZ. April W.-R, J. Sloan
and Miss Nellie N. Nugent of Soquel were
married by Rev. Father McNamee . here
to-day. ¦ . ¦ ¦ .• . -
DECISION ENDS
RAILROAD WAR
Oregon Short Line Wins
Land in an Impor- /
tant Case. .
SALT LAKE, April 24.— The long legal
fight for the "possession of the abandoned
Oregon Short Line right of way through
Southeastern Nevada and Southwestern
Utah- between Senator W. "A. Clark of
Montana and the Oregon Short Line, rep
resenting ithe Harriman interests, has
been settled in favor of the Oregon Short
Line. „¦
According to a. telegram received late
to-day from Washington by Attorney
Williams of the Oregon Short Line ' the
Commissioner of the General Land Office
has reversed the decision of the Carson
land office to the effect that the claims of
the Oregon Short. Cine and Utah North
ern and the Utah; Nevada and California
roads were adjudicated without merit and
recommends the approval of the maps
filed by the Utah, Nevada and California
Toad, organized two years ago in the in
terest of the Oregon Short Line.
It is over this right of way that the con
struction forces of the Short Line and the
Clark interests have so nearly come into
conflict. Vice President and General Man
ager-Bancroft of the Oregon Short Line
said to-night that the work of ' construe-,
tlon would continue to be pushed. .
TRINIDAD, Colo.. April .24.— "Black
Jack" Ketchum, the • notorious outlaw,
who, single-handed, held up" a train at
Folsom, N. M., August 16, 1899, passed
through Trinidad- this mornine in charge
of Salome Garcia, Sheriff of Union Coun
ty. New Mexico, accompanied by Spe
cial Agent W. H. Reno of the Colorado
and Southern Railway and a force cf dep
uties. - - . .
The Sheriff and party came ; jn on a de
layed Santa Fe train and were transferred
to a special on the Colorado and Southern
Railroad, on which they continued their
Journey to Clayton, Union County, N. M.
The prisoner was closely watched, as it
is feared that friends of the outlaw would
at»mpt his rescue. He was manacled
with a heavy steel belt around the waist
and his left arm the only one he has, was
secured to this belt by handcuffs. His
legs were pinioned together with hand
cuffs. He was confined in a steel . lined
mail qar, with iron grated windows.
"Black Jack" is to be hanged for the
train robbery at Folsom, N. M., on the
Colorado and Southern Railroad. He waa
tried in September last and upon convic
tion was given the extreme penalty. Shots
were exchanged between the bandit and
trainmen at Folsom and the conductor
and mail agent were wounded, but nobody
was killed. "Black Jack" was wounded
in the right shoulder In this fight and lost
his arm Jn consequence. ¦ /
CLAYTON. N. M., April 24.— Tom Ket
c.hum, alias "Black Jack,'.' the famous
bandit of the Southwest, arrived here to
day by Bpeciaf train over the Colorado and
Southern Railroad In * charge .pf Sheriff
Garcia and ten guards, consisting of rail
road detectives and deputy United States
marshals. The prisoner was immediately
taken to the County Jail, -'where, at his
request, he was allowed to - inspect the
scaffold. ' He expressed himself aa well
pleased with it, but said he would like to
nave the stockade taken down so that
the boys could see him hanged.
A message was received to-night
through Governor Otero from President
McKinley granting Ketchum a reprieve
until May 25.-1901. v
"Black Jack" Ketchum
Closely Guarded on
the Train.
IRONS BURDEN
THE PRISONER
BARRY BALDWIN, WHO . IS
HELD UNDER BONDS AT
MANILA AS A WITNESS. -
Alabama, 10; Arkansas, 7; Colorado 2- Con
necticut 6; Delaware, 1; California, 4— George
Sfii dWl 5'' *L. Pedlar, Rowland Beverly
ElHa, Frank T. Thornton;. District of Colum
bia, 1; Florida, 2; Georgia, 12;' Idaho. 1— George
Steuenenberg; Illinois, 24; Indiana, 14; Iowa
IV \ Kan f as - ' 9: Ken tucky, 12; . Louisiana. 7;
Maine, 4: Maryland, 7; Michigan. 13; Minne
sota, 8; Mississippi, S; Missouri. 17; Montana
1— Erae3t Van D. Murphy; Nebraska, 7* Ne
vada. 1— F. E. Gigenoux; North Carolina 10-
North Dakota, 1; Ohio. 23; Oregon, i— Eugene
P. Cfowne: Elmore O. Worrlck; South Caro
lina, 8; South Dakota, 2; Tennessee 11; Texas
14; Utah, .1— Gordon N..KImball;- Virginia, 11-
West Virginia, 4; Washington/ 2-nJohn B Hey
burn, John Hasson;' Wyoming, 1— Leonard L
Deitrlck: Wisconsin; 11; -Indian Territory l"
Oklahoma. 1; Kew Mexlcd*L< •
_At_large-A. Brooks. Alexander H.
Davidson^ Frank I. Graham, John M. Petty,
William Ray. Harrison, John P. Ruff; . Geonre
C. . Shaw,' Conant Buttrick, James Lonsstreet,
Joseph V. Kuznlk. Edward Davis. J6hn P
McCarthy. C. C. Jones. Frank W. Eckers
Fred W.. Burbee, Charles H. Morrow. Fred
trick O. Kellond, Edward W. Terry E. a
Broussard, Thomas W., Brown.- Joseph <W La
cour, Charles I. Lanhan, James M., Abbott,
Victor Q. Lewis. Carl L. Stone. A. * B. Cox
Sm,*?.' w -'Rfthorst; Augustus Dannemiller
William S. Manes,, M. H. Barry, Allan Llnds
ley Brlg-ee, < Adelbert W. Cogswell, Fred E
Smith, William? A. Mustin, George. W. Wood'
Herbert L. Evans, Earl Wr Taylor. Austin F
Prescott. John G. Livingston, Evan G.Youne"
Charles ,W. "Wadsworth. A. K. Baskette J C
Patton. Frank , Maloney, Alfred . M. Mason'
Cnnsuelo A. Beoane, Frederick H. • Plummer
William Luhn,- Oliver P. M. Haizard. Russell
T ,-,,, Hazz^ d - ! Bra<J y <3- Ruttencutter. Thomas
Millar, Sherrard Coleman. Thomas M . Knox
Rowland SDlke, Albert Clifton- Thompson • Jr
Robert Bterrett. . , . ¦ , a '.•
"WASHINGTON, April 24.— The Secre
tary of "War to-day made public the
names of the 588 , men' selected for first
and second lieutenants in the regular
army under the army reorganization bill.
Many qf | these men have had service in
the regular' and volunteer - army. They
have been ' ordered for examination and
should they pass wlllbe appointed. The
number following the * State shows the
allotment to each S' ate: : .
Nearly Six Hundred
Men to "Wear Bright
Straps. \
M'KINLEY NAMES
NEW OFFICERS
WASHINGTON, April 24.— A- cablegram
received at the Navy Department to-night
announced the arrival: of the mosquito
fleet, at Cavlte. Philippine Islands. The
four vessels of this little •¦ fleet will be
utilized in patrolling the coasts of L<u£on
and the lower | portion of the Philippine
group. . : ; - : -
Mosquito Jileet Arrives.
.Barry Baldwin, mentioned in the fore
going cablegram, w,as a.wellrknown grain
broker of " San Francisco and served a
term- as; United States' Marshal. He fig
ured conspicuously during the great rail
road strike of 1894. Fred Macondray is a
brother of Atherton Macondray of the firm
of Macqndray,.& Co. of this cityy and a son
of Mrs.*, Percy- Selby. Thomas .Harris is
also known* here~ 'as an importer; ; Schind
ler Is probably Henry. Schindler 'of Hong
kong, once of San Francisco, , commission
merchant and .silk dealer. 'i >:<£>.';;*;•' j . ...»
Harris, Fred Macondray and H. Ejchindler,
prominent merchants, who are supposed
to possess' information concerning money
paid to . commissary officers, are detained
as witnesses under $2500 -bail. Other ar
rests will'be made. -The trial of Captain
James Creed, formerly depot commissary
at Manila, ' who, as announced April 15,
was arrested -on the charg-e of participat
ing In the commissary frauds, has been
temporarily postponed. ' . ,"
Commission Fails to Organize Island.
of Samar.
MANILA, April . 24.— The : Philippine
MANILA, April' 24.— Major Noble,
Adjutant General of the Depart
ment of the Visayas, has re
ceived the surrender of Quentin
i Safas and three of his officers.
All the Insurgents under Salas will sur
render soon. It Is claimed this will term!-,
nate the insurrection In the island of
Panay.
One hundred and fifteen officers and
2157 bolomen have surrendered and sworn
allegiance to the United States at Nar
vacan, province of South Ilocos. The
Americans are active throughout the ar
chipelago, accelerating surrenders.
It is estimated that there are 25,000
lepers in the Philippines, and it is planned
to isolate all of them on one island. Ma
jor Maus, the medical inspector; Captain
Ahern, of the Ninth Infantry, and Cap
tain*Horton,- comprising a- board of offi
cers appointed to select a suitable place
for "the purpose, have visited Busanga,*
Cuillon, Cogayan, Dejolo and other isl
ands and have made a report, but it has
riot- yet been acted upon. - '
INSUBGENTS FIRE FROM HILLS.
DYING WORDS
ARE RULED OUT
Prosecutors in Eastman
Case Lose Important
Point. '" '"'¦"¦'
CAMBRIDGB, Mass., April 24.— The
prosecution lost Its first critical point in
the admission of evidence against Profes
sor Eastman of Harvard College, who Is
on trial in the Superior ' Court charged
with the murder of his brother-in-law,
Richard Grogan Jr., when Judge Gaskill
stated that certain evidence, in the form
of a repetition of the statement alleged to
have been made by Grogan as he was dy
ing, was not admissible in a certain fonn
which tended to convey the' opinion ami
not " the. fact as to 'whether he ' (Grogan)
had been v "killed" or "murdered."- The
point raised by Attorney Elder for the
prisoner apparently was unexpected by
the Attorney General.
• Lota Broughton, a witness, was asked
to repeat what, she had heard Grogan say,
her testimony having already gone beyond
the point where It had been shown that
Grogan was wounded. Elder, interposing
said he anticipated the answer to be,
"Charles, you've murdered me," and to it
he objected as incompetent evidence upon
the plain ground that It was Grogan's
opinion, not a specific declaration of the
dying man. ; On the same ground he ob
jected to evidence already presented,
which in effect was open and not bare
statement of fact. : ¦
Attorney. Knowlton took the opposite
ground, but the decision was against the
government in almost every particular,
the exception- being that the identical
words objected to were allowed to stand
In the direct testimony of Titus, a drug
gist, who saw the struggle between Gro-'
gan and Eastman and heard the former
speak immediately of having been shot.
The concluding witness, and one whose
evidence was expected to be Important,
was Belle Bryan, the :• housekeeper for
Mrs. Grogan. Her story had not: pro
ceeded enough at to-day's adjournment to
disclose the government's strength' at this
point in its chain of circumstances.
Commission left ; 4 the ¦ island of (Sdroar
without organizing a ; civil
There are said to be 600. insurgents with
rifles still out there.. Seven companies of
the First Infantry and one light battery
are garrisoning seven of the forty towns.
The "commission met representatives of
these seven towns, who asked that the
Americans garrison the remaining thirty
three. The commission promised to ask
for an increased military, force on Its re-
YOUNG CUDAHY TELLS
HOW HE WAS KIDNAPED
Omaha Boy on the Witness-Stand in
the Case Against James .
Callahan.
OMAHA, April 24.— The case of the
State against James Callahan was briefly
presented to the jury by County Attorney
Shields this morning, and E. A. Cudahy,
one of the central figures in the kidnap
ing incident, took the stand. Mr. Shields
said that the State would seek to identify
Callahan as one of the men who. in the
guise of a county official, seized young
Cudahy in front of his home. He will
further endeavor to show that Callahan
stood guard over the boy In the house on
Grover street.
After the jury in the Callahan case had
Inspected the scene of the kidnaping to
day the chief witnesses in the case.' E. A.
Cudahy and his son Howard, took the
stand, and the latter's testimony was not
concluded when court adjourned. Young
Cudahy described the journey to the
house on Grover street and related at
length his conversations with his. jailer,
who is thought to have been Callahan.
The boy later listened to a conversation
in Chief Donahue's office between the
Chief and Callahan, and the. identification
will rest on a recognition of voice rather
than any similarity of feature. The other
testimony of the youth was substantially
au has appeared In the press reports.
In the examination of the elder Cudahy
the attorney for the defense brought out
the point that the packer had surrendered
the $25,000 without compulsion. The State
followed, the allegation In the ."complaint
set' forth that a robbery was committed
when. the gold was extorted from Cudahy
through 'threats- on his son's llfe. : Mr.
Cudahy conceded that Tie gave up the
money freely, without, expectation of get
ting it back. I : .
Women. Taxpayers Can Vote.
ALBANY, N. Y. t April . 24.— Governor
Odell to-day signed the bill authorizing
women taxpayers In villages and towns to
vote on propositions to expend money for
public purposes. - - .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 24.— The Democ
racy at this end of the State is to be re
organized and the process is to begin
with Los Angeles County. The big north
ern party leaders have selected for the
task John "W. Mitchell. An important con
ference was held in San Francisco last
week, to which Mr. Mitchell was invited.
He was asked If he could not become a
member of the party's State Central Com
mittee at large to succeed the late Sena
tor Stephen M. White. Mr. Mitchell took
the proposition under advisement and to
day, before he had an opportunity to
signify an acceptance, the appointment
reached him by mail. •_¦• *
The new deal will have a far-reaching
effect upon the party, especially upon its
local organization. It means that a de
termined effort is to be made to swing the
State into line three years hence for David
Bennett Hill. ¦
"There is a future ahead for the Demo
cratic party of this city, county and
State and for the country at large," rer
marked Mitchell to-day, "and victory can
be won all along the line in California
next year. The party throughout the
State is to be reorganized and whipped
into a thorough lighting machine and I
shall do my small share toward bringing
order out of chaos If I finally conclude to
gro back actively into harness
"There -will be no more aueer alliances
with other forces that are not In real sym
pathy with Democratic principles if I can
prevent it," added Mr. Mitchell, "and you
may say it as broadly as you please that
my choice for the Presidential nomina
tion is David Bennett Hill of New York."
John \V. Mitchell is one of the best
known Democrats in the State. - He is ag
gressive and outspoken to a fault, a fact
that led to his temporary political undo
ing in the campaign four years, -ago. Mr.
Mitchell's appointment was largely due
to the efforts of Mayor M. P.^Snyder,
ex-State Senator R. F. del Valle and I. B.
Dockweiller. all of whom joined: in their
demands that he be named as the succes
sor to the late Stenhen M. White.
California Leaders Get
Behind the Boom
for HilL
Special Utepatch to The Call.
BERLIN, April 24.— The Berliner Tage
blatt's correspondent In St. Petersburg
sends the following telegram regarding
M. Delcasse's mission to the Russian
capital: The dual alliance to-day is clos
er than ever. The visit of the French
Minister of Foreign Affairs took place at
the express desire of the Czar, which his
Majesty, intimated to Paris through the
French Embassador here. Marquis de
ilontebello, at the same time expressing
regret that he was unable to visit Paris
last autumn.
•M. Delcasse has given assurances at
St. Petersburg that the Waldeck-Rous
se&u ministry, -with which the Russians
Government was not always content, will
6tafcd fast by the dual alliance. The situ
ation in China, which Count Lamsdorff
has of late described as . very serious,
formed the chief subject of his confer
ences with M. Delcasse. According to the
Russian view. France has not shown her
solidarity with . Russia energetically
enough. Russian diplomatists are more
than ever convinced that Germany
brought about certain things in China,
probably with a secret arriere-pensee of
immobilizing Russia In the far East and
by attracting her attention from the
Orient.
. To discover the best , means of putting
an end to Chinese "adventure" Is the chief
aim of the Interviews between M. ¦ Del
carse and Count Lamsdorft*. Russia con
siders that the Macedonia question is very
disquieting and is preparing a firm basis
for common action by Russia and France
in the Balkans. M. de Wltte has also
taken advantage of the opportunity af
forded by. M, Delcasse's visit to treat for
closer economic and industrial relations
in view of a probable tariff war between
Germany and Russia.
TROOPS FIGHT WITH BOXERS.
Ghinese Murdfrers of a Major Suffer
Losses in China.
PEKING. April 24.— The international
detachment of 800 men under Colonel Rad
ford, which left Shanhaikwan to punish
the force of Boxers and robbers that re
cently attacked the Indian troops, killing
Major Browning, mtt the enemy in force,
killing fifty. Of the international detach
ment six British, two Japanese and one
Frenchman were killed. The enemy fled
to the mountains, but will be closely pur
sued. The body of Major Browning was
recovered.
The Germans have been ordered back
from the Paotingrfu expedition. Their be
havior for the last week or so has caused
great indignation in Peking, not only
among the Chinese, but among the.for
eigners as well. Carts, horses, mules and
ponies have been impressed for transpor
tation purposes, coolies have been made
to work for nothing, and even educated
Chinese have been impressed. A coo
tractor working- for an American quarter
master was impressed while at work and
was only released , «>n proof that he was?
working for the Arncrican3. An employe
of the British legation had a similar ex
perience. Mr. Hillier. manager of tho
bank, -was stopped and made to prove his
ownership of a cart.
The Chinese eay there is Intense feeling
in the province against foreigners, prin
cipally because of .the harsli treatment
the Chinese have received from the Ger
mans. They also assert that the needless
expeditions of the Germans against per
fectly quiet communities have -caused
many Chinese who have lost all to join
rovinsr bands of robbers:
PLAN TO REVIVE
THE DEMOCRACY
FRANCE MOVES
NEARER RUSSIA
Dual Alliance Reported
. to Be Growing ,
Stronger.
Visit of M. Delcasse Made at
Express -Desire -of ~
Nicholas. V}
SPRINGFIELD, 111., April 24.—Unos
tentatiously and without any ceremony
the remains of Abraham Lincoln and the
other members of his family, which,
since March 10, 1890, when the work of re
building the Lincoln monument com
menced, have been reposing in' a tempo
rary stone vault near the monument, were
this afternoon placed in the crypt in the
monument which has'been rebuilt-by the
State of Illinois at a cost of : $100,000.
The ceremony of returning the remains
to the monument was witnessed by Gov
ernor Yates and other State oflicials, the
members of the Lincoln Monument Asso
ciation,- the surviving members- of the
Lincoln Guard of Honor, Judge Humphrey
of the United States District Court and
other Federal officials. Mayor Phillips and
city officials, and probably two hundred
citizens who had been advised of the in
tended removal. No public announcement
of the arrangements for the ceremony had
been made. .
The temporary vault was so thoroughly
cemented that it was 5 o'clock, three
hours after the work of the removal com
menced, when the remains of the Presi
dent, which were the last to be removed,
were placed in the marble sarcophagus
in the crypt of the monument, where they
were sealed. The casket was not opened
for the identification of the body of the
martyr President, as had been expected,
nor was even the leaden casket exposed
to view, it being covered by a cedar cas
ket.
The remains which now rest in the tomb
of the monument are those of President
and Airs. Lincoln, their sons — Willie,
Thomas (Tad) and Teddle — and Abraham,
son of Robert T. Lincoln.
MARTYR'S ASHES
IN A NEW TOMB
Remains pf Abraham
-., Lincoln Taken" to
'Monument.;
Casket Is Not '"¦ Opened for
-Identification of the
• ¦ BodyJ
Song Service a Feature
of Sunday School -
Convention, v/^
• . . >_
SACRAMENTO, 'April 24.— When the
session of the California State Sunday
school convention opened this morning a
novel Bible study, conducted by Henry T.
Plant of Saratoga, was the first number.
The advantages of making a thorough and
systematic study of the Bible by members
of the normal class were emphasized. Mr.
Plant chose the Book of John for .the
study and gave It careful and critical
analysis. . ~ '
A "workers' conference," In which the
subject of discussion was "County and
District "Work," followed. The necessity
for thorough organization was dwelt upon
by Rev. B. W. Spilman of North Carolina,
who led the conference.
The annual reports of State officers were
presented and adopted, all- showing great
progress in- the various branches of Sun
day-school work.. ¦•-¦ ¦•¦¦ •-¦ .' ¦¦••¦ .-.
. A Bible study on the theme of "Passion
Week," in which the important Incidents
in the life. .of. -Christ were reviewed .by
• Rev. Mr.- Splllman, and an address on
Sunday-school work by. Marion Lawrence
were interesting features of the day ses
sion. ¦ • " ¦ • "
¦ Professor Excell led this evening** songr
service, which was participated in by the
combined choirs of the city churches,.
Marion Lawrence delivered an address
on "The- Book We Teach," taking the po
sition that teachers should be, above all
things, Christians. Bible study should be
systematic with them.
• Mrs. H. M. Hainill spoke on "The
Teaching and. Training- of Children."
The remainder of the evening- session
Was devoted to raising funds for the State
organization and resulted in counties, dis
tricts, schools and individuals pledging
$1930. ' .
Rev. W. '-M. "White of San Francisco will
be elected president of the association to
morrow. The other offices, with the ex
ception of two minor positions, Will re
main the same as at present. ¦ °
Vanderbilt Seeks to Control
a Transcontinental ¦£'; v
-. System.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, April 24.— The Press says
the struggle is on between "the rulers of
the railroad world for the first ocean to
ocean railroad In the United States. The
titanic -character of the contest was Indi
cated-on the Stock Exchange yesterday,
when 662,000 shares of the common stock
of the Union' Pacific Railroad Company
and 98,000 shares of the preferred changed
hands. .
"Never before were there such large sales
In a single stock. It means that Hill's
Burlington deal has completely changed
the complexion of the railroad situation,
carrying with it the possibility of a rail
road from. New York to San Francisco.
The Union Pacific Is the missing link In
any railroad chain which may be
stretched between the two oceans. ¦
It means, too. that William K. Vander
bilt has revived the old-time dream of be
ing the greatest railroad man of this
famous railroad family and making him
self famous as the Vanderbilt that
planned and controlled the line whose ter
minals should be in sight of Sandy Hook
and the Golden Gate. The buying was
attributed to persons associated with the
Vanderbilts and to what is known as the
Harriman syndicate. Harriman la now
about to bring to light his conception of a
scheme whereby the Union Pacific, the
Chicago and Northwestern and the great
New York Central systems can work In
closer relation.
CHOIRS COMBINE
IN VAST CHORUS
Great Struggle for a
. Line From Ocean ,;
• to Ocean.
RAILROAD KINGS
IN GIANT FIGHT
WATER WHIRLS
NEAR THEETOPS
Floods in Ohio Drive
More Families From
Homes.
Kentucky Racegoers Have to
0, Visit the Track in
CINCINNATI. April 24.— At 6 o'clock to
night the stage was 57.5 feet, but sine*
3 o'clock the rate of rising has fallen from
one Inch to about one-half inch per hour.
The stage at 6 o'clock is 7.5 feet above th«
danger line and the rate of rising: Indi
cated fifty-eisrht feet after midnight.
Although the rate- of rising is gradually
decreasing the flood here will exceed the
predicted limit of fifty-eight feet. Esti
mates on the rise that Is In sight up tha
river indicate that the Ohio will not be
come stationary ; to-morrow after
noon, when It - Is ' not ' expected to exceed
58.5. Since It became 'evident that the
stsge would ' exceed! fifty-eight feet there
has been much stlr-juad- inconvenience
here to-night. -The business men and
manufacturers -in -the "bottoms will suffer
more than was expected, and many fami
lies will be driven out of, their homes
along the Ohio, to the south, along Mill
Creek Valley on the west, and along the
Little Miami on the east.' - i
On the Kentucky Side the Interruption
to mills, factories and business Is not so
great, but In proportion to the population
many more have been driven from their
homes than. on the Ohio side. In the Tay
lor bottoms, between Newport and Louis
ville, Ky.. the* water is up to the tree
tops and the steamer lines are compelled
to transfer passengers from Bellevue and
Dayton, Ky. The latter place la largely
inundated. It is estimated that about a
square mile of Newport is Inundated. The
races at- Newport track are proceeding
and will continue under sloppy conditions.
Boats are used In reaching the track;
j. j^rj c_AJi JiltAJNCIbCO JLHTTIi&pA*Y, APlilL 2o, 1901.
One Hundred and Fifteen Officers and 2157 Bolomen Give
Up at- Narvacan, While Warriors in the Island of
Panay Promise Barry Baldwin as a Witness
FILIPINO INSURGENTS SURRENDERS
AND SWEAR ALLEGIANCE TO AMERICA
2
ADVEETISEMENTS.
; - ; : To • Cure ;a£Cold:*iii One Bay! •
Take Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets. 23c. •
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
106 11 * PARTfilDGE 'TESS**
¦\ PRINTERS. . BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JTTDD CO.. "
' - • - - » T-'m Street. Eaa PrancHco.
PRINTINa.
E.& hughes, -~;:«u»ggyg- a r .
OILS.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS -
T JAS- BOYES & CO. SSTttZSZTm?
COPPERSMITH.
18 Washington tU Telephone Main 5WL
' l COAL, COKE AND PIQ rRO!». •
J-C- WILSON i CO-. 538TBS&
Catalogues and Prlea Lists Malls i
on Application.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
DIRECTORY
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAKA BITTERS. THE
Y* great Mexican remedy; rives health and
¦trength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For tha qnre of GONORRHEA. GLEETS
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of ti«
Organs of Generation.
Price SI a bottle. - Tor uala by drt&glata.
DOES NOT DISAPPOINT.
The New IHscovery for Catarrh. Seems
to Possess Remarkable
Merit.
- A new catarrh cure has recently - ap-
peared, which so far as tested has been
remarkably successful in curing all forms
of catarrh, whether in the head, throat,
bronchial tubes, or in stomach and liver.
The remedy Is in tablet form, pleasant
and convenient to take and no special
secrecy is maintained as to what it con-
tains, the tablet being a scientific combi-
nation of Guaiacol. Eucalyptol, Sangulna-
ria, Hydrastln and similar valuable and
harmless antiseptics. .
This safe and effective catarrh cure may
be found at any drug store under name
of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.
"Whether the catarrh Is located in the
nose, throat, bronchial tubes or stomach,-
the tablets seem to act with equal suc-
cess, removing the stuffy feeling in head,
and nose, clearing the mucous membrane
of throat and trachae from catarrhal se-
cretions, which cause the tickling, cough-
ing, hawking and gagging so annoying to
every catarrh sufferer.
Nasal catarrh generally leads to ulcera-
tlon. in some cases to. such an extent as
to destroy the nose entirely and in many
old cases of catarrh the bones of the head
become diseased. Nasal catarrh gradually
extends to the. throat and bronchial tubes
and very often to the stomach, causing
that very obstinate, trouble, catarrh of
the Stomach. .-.•¦¦• > ;¦ •¦„
Catarrh is a systemic poison, inherent In
¦the. blood, and local, washes, douches
salves. Inhalers and sprays can -have no
effect • on the real cause of the disease.
An internal remedy which acts upon the
blood is the only rational treatment and
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets i9 the safest of
all internal remedies as well aa the most
convenient and satisfactory from a medi-
cal standpoint.
Dr. Eaton recently stated that he had
successfully used Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets In old chronic cases, even where, ul-
ceratlon had extended so, far as to destroy
the septum of the noae. He says: "lam
pleasantly surprised almost every day
by the^ excellent results from Stuart's
Catarrh /Tablets. It is remarkable how
effectually they remove the excessive se-
cretion and bring about a healthy condi-
tion of the mucous -membranes of the
nose, throat and stomach." ~
iJ^\ d J7 1 f glsts seH complete treatment of
the tablets at -50 cents, and a little book
giving the symptoms - and causes of the
various forms of catarrh will be mailed
free by addressing F. A. Stuart Co., Mar-
shall. -Mich.. - .
¦ ¦ . . ¦ • . \
Stereo Field Glasses
NEW BAUSCH & LOMB
• AT .
REDUCED PRIGES.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing:. Pbone. Main 10.
642 Market St. instruments
UNDER CHRONICLE BUILDING. CATALOGUE FREl.
Pears'.
- All sorts of stores sell it, especially dru<"»l3tss
all sorts of people use it. .
It is a so^p
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none. j.-
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the fat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap?
DB. MEYERS &C0,- i^O%
Specialists. Dis- 2§g^ y
ease and Weakness «|jc>
of men. Eatab- ??W
lishedlSSL Consul- WjBk TSsS^S*-
tation and private \m \ /_\|
book free, at office *&& \ /SFfip.J
or by mail. Cures HS/ klSi££»*
guaranteed. 731 fsS laSE tH^M
Market street (ele- P^Sffl <MM9
v a t o r entrance), /^^JaSL
San Francisco.
SIO^feRUPTURE; CURED
&0MBsMgf/r for TEN DOLLARS.
; saaBEEaKaMBgE& Thousands hire been cured
/-jUS°??ry*S? aaa!a T«'5- at their own homes for this
tW^St^a^MSw) *m*tt price. Greatest liv-
vli&C* oj-. Teatlonof the Age. neenr-
*^Sil§illlii|s^ 1{ y a &d comfort to the rujv
gtoriaMSyt gr^t^*". ¦¦ tared. >"o worthless salves
*^* J^*"T°^»-£S^^^^5 or lotions to rub on. It does
" B ~ >kI «*«- 1" String full information mailed. iinmedW
itely on receipt 2c stamp and this advt. Call or adrtr«r>s
¦AORETIC T8USS CO. uoiurket Streot, SAI FSABCISCa.
ADVERTISEMENTS.ANGELS CAMP, April 24.— Grade Tripp
committed suicide yesterday by taking
carbolic acid. The cause of her act Is
unknown. Her relatives live In Stockton
She was 19 years of age. ¦ - ;
Girl Commits Suicide.
Although the 1 Monterey oil district is
comparatively new, claim-jumping has al
ready been reported. In this immediate
district one company is preparing to de
velop a quarter section of land taken up
by a San Francisco ! syndicate. As the
latter corporation is strong enough to
fight its own battles, trouble is likely to
ensue when it is ready to put its drills at
work. One" or. two other scattering cases
of claim-jumping are reported.
This is the programme as given out by
the men who are endeavoring to get oil
promoters interested in the vigilante
proposition. It is likely that they will
have little trouble in interesting legiti
mate claim-holders. Already a sort of
vigilante organization exists in Kern
County, but it has as its basis simply the
unwritten law of the oil region and has
not come into evidence except in the re
cent Midway affair. A more general or
ganization, whose existence and power
would be recognized, would afford . a
powei'ful medium of protection for poor
claim-owners , against the sending in of
armed ruffians to seize their holdings— a
practice not infrequently followed by
powerful corporations.
SAN ARDO, April 24.— As an outgrowth,
probably, of the recent ' trouble in the
Midway oil district of Kern County, end
ing in the battle last Thursday between
vigilantes and claim- jumpers, in which
two of . . the latter , .were .. . dangerously
wounded, several Kerri County men' are at
work in this vicinity sounding oil men on
a preposition to start a protective organi
zation to embrace the entire oil region in
Central California. The organization is
to be in the nature of a vigilance body,
which shall defend the rights of each in
dividual member. It is proposed that
where a claim^is jumped attomej's for the
vigilantes shall endeavor by peaceable
means to induce the interlopers to. move
on. Should these means fall, others
more drastic will be adopted. Each mem
ber of the organization shall pay into the
treasury a certain prorata, to be used in
the protection of its members individually
and in the fighting of any battles -which
the organization as a whole might find
itself compelled to wage as a result of
the aforesaid drastic measures. ,'¦ .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Prot e ctiy e Organization That
- Will Embrace All of
the Districts.
OIL MEN TO FORM
BODY OF VIGILANTES
A resolution was introduced to prohibit
parlors from loaning money from any
fund to individual members.
Grand Treasurer Henry F. Martin re
ported on the medal fund, showing $3543 07
on hand and that at least two years will
have passed before a final report can be
made, as medals are being distributed
continually.
On motion of A. J. Turner the election
of officers was made the order of business
at 10 o'clock to-morrow.
At the armory the Grand Parlor dele
gates . and officers joined the line and
marched to the Arlington grounds, thence
down State street to the train. Five hun
dred or more' Native Sons were in line.
It was estimated that 1500 or 2000 people
made the trip to Naples for the barbecue.
During the afternoon three prominent
gentlemen did a Cakewalk. They were
ex-Sheriff Henry Martin and Richard D.
Barton of San Francisco, -and Deputy In
ternal ;Revenue Collector John C. Wpay
of Los Angeles. Martin won the prize.
At this evening's session of the Grand
Parlor the committee on credentials rec
ommended the seating of H. D. Clark aa
delegate from Halcyon Parlor and Geoige
R. Riddle of Santa Rosa Parlor.
The parade drew many people to State
street and supplied .a pretty sight. Don
Dixie W. Thompson, on his handsome
charger and with his celebrated silver
mounted saddle. and bridle, was given, the
place of honor at the head of the proces
cion. Grand Marshal J. \V. ¦ Robbins and
his aids. Messrs. J. ; B. Pico, J. Baron,
Charles Orella, I. B. Parks, G. G. Kob
bins and Ernest Wickenden. were be
decked, with the colors of the order, and
the trappings of" their horses were gay
with the hue of gold. Following the Ven
tura ba^id came Cabrillo Parlor from Ven
tura and Santa Paula Parlor, and the
Santa Barbara band escorted Santa Bar
bara Parlor. The Santa Barbara boys,
with their pretty uniforms, formed a
strikir.fi: section of the parade.
SANTA BARBARA, April 24.— This was
a day of fun and frolic for tho j Native
Sons. Beginning with the parade in the
morning,_the visitors and the visited en
tered into the spirit of the celebration
with zest, and the programme, with some
impromptu alterations, was carried out
with a whirl.: , *-• "«
Special Dispatch. to The Call.
Parade on Santa Barbara's
Streets Precedes Their
i 5 Exodus. .
Hundreds of Natives At
tend the Barbecue
/at Naples.
GRAND PARLOR'S
DAY OF FROLIC
I.ODI. April 24.— A daring theft, result
ins: In the loss of $500 worth of diamond
rings, was made public here to-day. The
robbe*V took olace last Sunday at the
r;i:ic-h of \V. R. White, several miles south
of this place, while the family -was ab
sent. Four diamond rings were stolen,
though nothing else has been reported to
the police as missing". The jewelry was
the property of Mrs. L.- S. Hopkins,
•daughter or "Mr. White. ~ T
Thief Takes Diamonds.
Politican Gives Sensational Testimony in Oil Land- Suit
and Sacramento's Executive in Turn Makes Similar
Accusation Against Colonel Wright of Southern Pacific
In the meantime Mrs. Harrison and
Mrs. Moser came over to Tacoma and had
him arrested on a charge of bigamy.
Both women will appear against him at
his trial next month.
Next it was discovered that Sturgeon
had come to Tacoma and was married
under a faJse name and address, giving
his name as S. M. Sturgeon and his resi
dence as Kent. /The wo*.nan victimized
this time was Marie EEteo. They returned
to Seattle and were living together when
tho third wife appeared on the scene. She
had no money to employ attorneys, and
had to accept Sturgeon's statement that
the Idaho marriage was void until an
other attorney told her the Idaho mar
ria;;e was valid.
Oq this discovery Marie Estes promptly
left Sturgeon. . ¦ ¦
Sturgeon went to Montana in 1SS3 and
returned with a divorce from his first
wife. Then he remarried Mrs. Harrison
in Washington, which legitimatized the
cnlldren. 'iney lived together until Isa2,
but she claims he treatea her cruelly ana
she left .him again, in tne course of two
or three months he went to SpoKane, ap
plied for a divorce and obtained it by
oefault, on the ground of desertion. Sne
claims she knew nothing about it. She
learned of it afterward and at once at
ia.cke<i the decree on the ground of /raud,
but bturgeon was diplomatic and they
had a settlement. He agreed to let her
have the custody of the little girl if she
would let the aecree alone. Sne signed
a. tuner to that effect.
That night Sturgeon, with the aid of an
cmissarv, stole the children and left the
country- Mrs. Sturgeon resumed her
mciden name of Harrison. She next lo
cated him at Friday Harbor, whence he
went to Seattle. Mrs. Harrison was then
in Montana, but she followed him to Seat
tle. There she found that after Sturgeon
had got the divorce in Spokane he went
to Idaho with Ella Moser, who also had
been granted a divorce within the six
months' preceding, and they were mar
ried. Tnis was in 1892. Then they re
turned to Spokane and lived together at
i'riday Harbor and Seattle until 1899.
The third Mrs. Sturgeon went to Spok
ane for a visit and on her return to Seat
tle found him living with another woman.
He told her the Idaho marriage was void,
because they were married within a
period of six months after procuring a
divorce.
Sr>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, April 24.— For nearly twenty
years Mrs. Harrison Sturgeon has been
following Edson Sturgeon, determined
6ccncr or later to bring- him to justice.
Sturgeon is under arrest here, charged
with having married four women, with
only one vaiid divorce to his credit. Mrs.
.Harrison became his second wife in Ore
gon twenty years ago, when she was only
If years old. She lived with him two
years and the couple had two children.
1-earr.ing then that he had another wife,
the left him.
¦
End of a Twenty-Year Pur
suit by One of His
Alleged Dupes.
Cause Arrest .of Edson
Sturgeon on Bigamy
Charge.
WRONGED WIVES
SEEK REVENGE
DAROUX CHARGES THAT MAYOR CLARK
WAS A PARTNER IN HIS POOLROOMS
"I* do not think it proper for a person
who has a case in court to try it in the
newspapers.. I emphatically * deny that • I
J. L. G11113, to whom Daroux makes ref
erence in his testimony, is a former asso
ciate of Colonel Wright at divisional head
quarters and is the present State Libra
rian. - '
Colonel J. B. Wright was asked to-night
if he desired to make any statement with
reference > to < the charge contained • in . the
Interview, with Mayor C!ark:.that he had
been interested In , the poolrooms. Said
Cblonel Wright: '.-¦:¦
B. W. Cavanaugh was a partner with
Daroux In the poolrooms. % It is expected
that he will be called to the stand to-mor
row and that sensational testimony will
be given by him, but he declines to state
what this will be or to say anything
further than that he will tell all the truth
if called to the stand.
iThe incident before the board of trus
tees to which Clark makes reference in his
statement was when 15. L. Kripp, then an
owner of one of the poolrooms, charged
that Mayor Clark once had an interest
with. him in the poolrooms. At the time
this incident occurred '. Mayor Clark [ was
addressing, public •¦ meetings and church
congregations upon the evil of the pool
rooms and the necessity of an ordinance
to close them. . . .
During his campaign for the office of
Mayor Clark had the support of J. B
Wright, and this continued, according- to
statements made by Clark, up to the time
when Mayor Clark declined to appoint
Railroad Detective William Ahern Chief
of Police, but gave the position to John
E. Sullivan. The falling out with Wright
and the others over the oil land transac
tion followed.
.1 am not at all surprised that Jack Wright
is now seeking to win his lawsuit by the tes
timony of ¦ Bart Cavanaugh and Frank Daroux
and that they go Into court prepared to testify
to anything that desires. They seem
to labor under the delusion that they are con
ducting one of Wright's primaries at present
in the Superior- Court, but I am confident that
such instruments used by Wright will be of
no avail to him and his associates. ¦
The story of Daroux is absurd. The same
sort of thing was endeavored to be stated be
fore the Board of Trustees when I first closed
the poolrooms in this city. I never had any
interest in any poolroom of any sort in the
city of Sacramento I and nobody knows that
better \ than Daroux. M. F. Rowland, who
was a go-between, asked me if I would meet
Cavanaugh and Daroux last July and I told
them, that they could see me at my office at
any time and they met me at the Mayor's
office one* evening last year. It was during
the poolroom i agitation and Cavanaugh and
Daroux begged me at that time not to close
the poolrooms. . They told me that I was In
juring not only them but Colonel Wright, and
that he tadan interest in .the poolrooms; that
while they could go to Sausallto and open
new ones he would be unable to go there. 1
told them then, aa I have always told them,
that the poolrooms in this city would have
to close. That was tne substance of our in
terview.
Mayor Clark was asked by The Call
correspondent to-night for a statement
with reference to the testimony of Da
roux. He handed the correspondent a
typewritten statement, as follows:
Clark Replies to Daroux.
when he declared that Clark was his part
ner in the poolroom business and subse
quently -when he challenged the attorney
to bring Clark into court was decided and
even violently angry. The sensation in
the courtroom was so great that the
bailiff had difficulty in restoring order.
PRINCIPALS IN A SENSATION
AL LAWSUIT AT THE STATE '
CAPITAL.
Some men use Sunday as a sort of
sponge to wipe out the sins they commit
ted during the previous six days.
Senator Ashe was a tenant of Mrs. Bell
on her Beltalne ranch last year. Through
a lawsuit she recovered possession of her
land, alleging 1 that the Senator had not
paid the stipulated rent. He then re
moved his livestock and' personal prop
erty ; to his Kenwood ranch. Mrs. Bell
now claims that he took five horses, -four
head of cattle, two wagons and other
property belonging to her. It is this prop
erty she seeks to recover. »
Senator Ashe claims to have bought the
livestock from Mrs.. Mary E. Pleasant,
more familiarly known as "Mammy"
Pleasant, the old negress, who was for
merly a servant in the Bell household.
That Senator Ashe will resist Mrs. Bell
in her attempt to obtain possession of
the property is certain, as he has declined
on a number of occasions to compromise
the case, on the ground tnat Mrs. Bell
has no just claim to the property.
SANTA ROSA, April 24.— Civil action
against State Senator RV Porter Ashe of
San Francisco will . be instituted by Mrs.
Teresa Bell in the Superior Court of this
county on Friday for the recovery of
about $600 worth of personal property. T.
J. Butts, Mrs. Bell's attorney, is prepar
ing the papers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Teresa Bell "Will Sue
for the Recovery of
Livestock.
SAYS SENATOR ASHE
TOOK HER PROPERTY
Mr. Johnson also declared that J. B.
Wright ought to be present, and made a
remark concerning the witness that
brought on a war of words between coun
sel and ultimately earned for. him the cen
sure of the court. Johnson here asked
for a recess, and court was adjourned un
til to-morrow.
The manner of Daroux on the stand.
Q. — Your poolrooms did not run,' did they?
A.— Mr. Clark did not close - the- poolrooms.
The Sacramento Dally Bee closed the pool
rooms. Mr. Clark was my partner in the pool
rooms.
H. W.- Johnson— I would like, your Honor, to
send for Clark, so that he may be here.
The witness — I wish he was — I wish he was.
I will wait for him.
Q.— You want to say a whole lot of things In
relation to Clark, don't you? . \
A.— You ask me the questions— I Will say
them.
Q.— Where do you eell pools on horse races?
A. — At Tanforan racetrack, San Mateo
County. California.
Q-— Don't ycu do politics with him?
A.— Not particularly with him, no. I might
be against him.
Q.— With Gillis, do you?
A.— Never talked politics with Gillis.
Q-— By the way. what is your occupation t
¦ A.— My occupation? I am a bookmaker.'
Q.— What do you call a bookmaker?
A.— Selling pools on horse races.
It was at this point' that the sensational
episode occurred. Hiram W. Johnson, of
counsel for Mayor Clark, angrily took the
witness for cross-examination, and tle
manded:
Q.— Are you friendly to Clark now?
A.— Well. I don't know.
Q. — Well, are you or are you not?
A.— Well. I wouldn't be friendly to a partner
that would double-cross me — no, no!
Q.— You are a good friend of J. B. Wright
though, aren't you?
A.— Well, not particularly friendly.
Q.— You handle his money and do his politics
for him, don't you?
A.— Never handled a dollar of J. B. Wright's
money in my life. Never asked a favor of him
in my life.
Poolrooms and Politics.
Q-— Will you please state all that was said
and who opened the conversation and who took
part In it and what Mr. Clark said?
A.— All that was said at that meeting— at
that meetinj. sir?
Q.— About this matter; about the sale of his
stocli.
A.— "Well, there was a whole lot of things
said there. Do you want it all— everything?
The court— About this stock— the sale of this
stock.
A. — Well, after we got through doing our busi
ness (we transacted some business) I became
very friendly with Mr. Clark all at once.
Hadn't been very friendly with him, and I
sa id, "George, 1 am very sorry to see that you
have sold— to hear that you have sold your
Interest In the Sacramento OH Company "
'•Well," he says, "I am glad to get out of it;
I set a price and I have sold, got my money
glad to get out— tickled to death." I asked
him who he sold it to, and he said he sold it
to a man named Samuels. I don't think I
asked him who Samuels was. He said' that he
had made a good profit on the investment;
that if he made as much on every investment
as he did on that he would be satisfied.
Q.— Was any sum mentioned in that conver
sation?
A.— I don't think so. He asked me if I
had an Interest in the Sacramento Oil Com
pany. I told him yes; that I had 1500 shares
of the Sacramento oil stock. "Well." he said,
"If you get a good price for it get out."
Mr. McEnerney— Take the witness.
A.— Yeo, sir.
Q- — Now, during that interview, was there
anything: said— you have already stated that
there was something said— by Mr. Clark about
the Bale of his stock in the different corpora
tions?
Frank Daroux was placed on the stand
late this afternoon to tell of a conversa
tion had with Clark in April of. last year,
in which Clark had expressed himself as
satisfied with the sale of his share In the
oil lands. Daroux testified that the in
terview occurred in the Mayor's office,
that the appointment was made by B. W.
Cavanaug-h and that -there were present
besides himself and the Mayor, Cava
naugh and Michael Rowland.
The examination of Daroux by Garrett
McEnerney of counsel for the defendants
follows:
The plaintiffs had finished, their case,
their contention being that the fact of
the true value of the land had been with
held from them and that deception had
been practiced upon them. The defense
then sought to prove that the transaction
was a fair one, and that, after selling,
Clark and Booth had expressed satisfac
tion at the profit they had realized from
the eale.
Daroux Opens Fire.
at $100 per acre. It was claimed that two
days prior to the sale oil was struck on
the land, and that it became Immensely
valuable, although these facts, it was al
leged, were concealed from Clark and
Booth. They brought suit in January of
this year to be reinstated as owners with
the several defendants in the oil lands,
alleging, as showing their value, that in a
few months 60,000 barrels of oil had been
taken therefrom, worth $50,000. The suit
has been in. progress in. the Superior Court
for a week, but beyond the prominence
of the principals in the litigation there has
been nothing of an unusual or Interesting
nature until this afternoon.
ever had any interest in any poolroom in
Sacramento or anywhere else."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,; APRIL 25, 1901.
SACRAMENTO, April 24.— A sensa
tion was sprung in the Clark and
Booth oil land suit in the Superior
Court this afternoon when Frank
Daroux, a local Republican politi
cian and poolroom owner, declared under
oath that Mayor Clark was a partner of
his in the poolroom business. Scarcely
less sensational was the statement of
Mayor Clark to-night that Daroux and
Bart "W. Cavanaugh told him that Colonel
J. B. Wright, one of the defendants in the
oil land case and division superintendent
ol the Southern Pacific Company at this
point, had an interest with them in the
poolrooms. In this statement. Mayor
Clark brands the testimony of Frank
Daroux in relation to his own partnership
with Daroux as absolutely false.
Clark and Booth, who are business part
ners in this city, were interested with D.
W. Carmichael, W. T. Sesnon. J. L. Gil
lis. J. B. Wright, W. E. Knowles, A. J.
Samuel and.B. S. Porter in a large section
of oil land in Kern County. On January
13, 1900, they sold their share in the prop
erty to Carmichael, Sesnon and the others
3
On a New Plan.
An Outing
"In All California
No Place Like This."
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
CAMP REVERIE,
IN THE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Points, El-Capltan, Bridal Veil and Yosemltc
Falls. Staging 2«j hours first afternoon and
9 hours next day, arriving at Tosemite Valley
5 p. m. Send for illustrated folder. WM. J.
WHITE. Gen'l Agent, 630 Market St., opposite
Palace Hotel. S. F.; tel. Black 3571.
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOEEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove, Oh My and New Inspiration
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS s t ?» SSVfffiS
from San Francisco; but 9 miles' staging:
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural bath in State; swimming and ooatlns;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from San Francisco only $"> 50. Take Tib-
uron ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms,
$2 a day or $12 a -week. References — Any guest
Of the past six years. For further lnforma-
toln address J. P. MULGREW, Skaggs. Cal.
SAN JOSE
CARNIVAL OF ROSES.
HOTEL ST. JAMES.
Finest Equipped Hotel in the State.
WHITE COTTAGES, E§\y«5K-.~.
Altitude 2000 feet. "Write- for circulars. MRS.
J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwin P. O., Cal.
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
in all California; lots amusement: fine walks;
all mineral waters. Rates, $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 13. Circulars at city office,
918 Larkln St.. S. F. FRESB & JURGENSEN.
Mart West Springs,
ELEGANT home in Rosa Valley with beauti-
ful, grounds and surroundings ; can accom-
modate a few boarders; table excellent: ref-
erences. Address J. B.. box 4060, Call office.
PLANTATION HOUSE— Eighteen miles from
Cazadero, on stage line. Good trout fishing,
plenty fruit, cream, milk; free conveyance for
parties of 2 or more; grand redwood scenery.
Address J. Luttringer. Seaview, Sonoma Co.. or
apply Mr. Kruse, 2OT Front St.. for particulars.
MOUNTAIN VIEW RANCH, near SanU
Cruz, in heart of the mountains; amonj
the redwoods: first-class aecom. : very reason-
able terms; telephone, swimming tank, croquet
and amusements: dally mail; new improve-
ments; our well-known table' Is our recommen-
dation. Round trip campers to Clenwood. lncl.
Etage. $3 75. Frank R. Dans, Santa. Crux.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
Changed hands. TV'lll hereafter be open the
year round. Bus meets 11 o'clock train front
city at present. The culinary department will
receive ssecall attention. For rates and par-
ticulars address HOTEL M-UNT VIEW. Ross
Valley. Marln Co. Cal. . _f -:~ f
Just the place to enjoy your vacation. Various
amusements. Plenty large £ smal game. Tabl»
& beds unsurpassed. Rates only %H & {10. Infor-
mation at Traveler of flea. 20 Montgomery st..
or address O. W. R. TREDWAY. Proprietor.
Glenbrook, Lake County, Cal.
CIE1VBBOOK.
WIT I AW D A WPH former proprietor W.
nlLUUlT KAliWU Crandell— A summer home
in the redwoods, . S miles from Santa Cruz;
running water, swimming, croquet, abundant**
of fruit, home cooking: table sDeaks for itself.
For particulars. TXTLET & ILir 151 . Santa Cruz.
THE GEYSERS, ?£S-«
OXE OF NATURE'S TVOXOEBS. NATT*-
ral steam baths: swimming, flshiner. hunt-
Ing and livery. Write for pamphlet. L
WERTHEIMER. manpser.
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME.
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OP MEXDO-
cino. Visit this <ju!et little resort for
rolld comfort. For particulars apply to 9.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth street. City.
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANTOX, IS XOW OPEX FOR PIC-
nics or campers. Further information ad-
dress WM. H. MENTON, Excursion Pass.
Agent S. P. Co.. 813 Market street.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
. %Vz Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping' and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
TOURIST INFORMATION BUREAU.
10 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
222 South Spring St., Lcs Angeles. Cal.
DR. C C. O'DONNECL'S
MINERAL. SPRIXGS AT GLEN ELLEJJ.
the best camping, picnio and pleasure re-
sort on tho Coast. Tho greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints.
rheumatism and catarrh ln the world; 4<
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
4: N. P. R. R. gtve special rates to campers:
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boat!* and bathing free. Inquire of DR.
C. C. CDONNEL.L. office lon^i Market, bet.
Cth and 7th. S. F. If you -want your health,
pleasure and longevity this is the place to go.
Only Three Hours' Staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful plac*
In all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10, $12, $14.
$15 and $18 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIG.
316 Montgomery at., and see photographs of
hotel and surroundings. We take pleasure, ln
Trrlting full particulars. Address CRAIG *
WARNER,
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE . PLACE IN LAKE
County -to spend. a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, new walks
and boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
"NAN. Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
For the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan. sunburn nnd infection from Poison
Oak. . Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists.
K you. want- to
know where to
go this Summer
Whether to a mineral spring resort,
whero you can get the benefit of medi-
cinal waters, or to a farm, where you
can enjoy the comfort and quiet home
life of the farmer, or to a picturesque
town, from which you can, ln a short
walk or drive, commune with nature in
, her valleys, foothills and mountain
. canyons, or to a camp along the bank
of some shady stream.
Call or -write for
"VACATION 19O1"
This is a little book just issued by the
California Northwestern Railway Com-
pany, and is profusely illustrated. It gives
camping locations, hotels and mineral
spring resorts in Marln, Sonoma, Mendo-
cino and Lake counties. Besides, it con-
tains a list of about 200 farms and homes
where board during the summer months
can be procured at from $5.00 to $10.00 per
week.
Ticket offices 650 Market street (Chroni-
cle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General
office. Mutual Life building, Sansome and
California streets, San Francisco.
R. X. RYAN,
General Passenger Agent.
H. C. "WHITING, General Manager.
¦^"¦"^¦~" THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HO1TT><t Beautiful Grounds at Hoitt'a
UUI * ¦* .***, School will be open to summer
MFNLO guests during June and July.
Superior climate. excellent
PARK. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
-B—^^J^m dress • IRA G. HOITT.
5 miles from ptatlon: beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery; good hunting, fishing ln moun-
tain' streams: short distance from Geysers;
daily mall; $7 per week. Further particulars
address O. H. BL«ACK, Geyservllle. Sonoma Co.
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
It is an evil day for the wife and
tnother when she scans her ¦worn face
in the .mirror, and asks the question,
w Does it pay? Does it pay to sacrifice
'health and happiness
&g£^'W&&0% to wedded love ? » But
there is another ques-
*g*^^^p|jyp tion which* rightly
s*ttr/ty precedence of
J£ *?? es it: P a - V? Tt is
2. ***vZ/yyys ** l * s : " " * fc ne ces-
| sary to sacrifice
? health and happiness
\y%/ to wedded ">ve?"
(& \%y a million women
vviAu y%A answer, No! They
$*£• r"\ \fi iave >e€n wea^ an "
"^s^j^^ I yy, have been made
strong by Dr. Fierce's
iy \ r^^gv^ Favorite Prescription.
i J^3$£%k They were sick and
/ y^c^&^l " Favorite Prescrip-
f tion" made them
wel1 - lt wiu do the
same for almost every
f^^^fj ~ j |\ woman -who gives ft
f* Ijv^y »•/ a fair and faithful
k. -¦ j trial. It stops weak-
ening drains, heals
inflammation and ulceration and cures
female weakness. It tranqualizes the
nerves and encourages the appetite.
"I expected to become a mother, and a
threatened mischance greatly weakened me,"
•writes Mrs. E. A. Nations, of 'Witts Springs,
S=arcy Co., Ark., "and my old disease returned.
My husband got another doctor for me but I
seemed to just drag along and get no better.
At last I told the doctor that if his medicine did
pot help me I would ¦ go bade to Dr. Pierce's
medicines. I did so, and by the time I had
taken them one month I could do my own
housework, except washing, and tended my
israrden too. I was stouter than I had ever been
while waiting- baby's coming since mv first
baby came (this one Tras the sixth child). She
is cow eleven aionths old and is a healthy child,
A* for me, I feel as 5*oung now as I did at
eighteen years of age ; am thirtv now. I can
cheerfully recommend Dr. Pierce's medicine to
all suffering- womankind."
Doctor Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure
biliousness and sick headache.
SUMMER HOME FARM, •
»2 ANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— FIRST-CLASS
<5 family resort: main hotel and cottages;
bunting and fishing; artificial lake for boating
and swimming; long-distance telephone; camp-
ers' return tickets, $2 SO; open the year round.
Send tor circulars.
J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. Cal.
P. O. EL VEKANO. Cal., Verano " Station
(Kings Crossing)), on California Northwestern
Railway. - Hot mineral baths near by. Terms,
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU.' lessee.
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
Two miles frcm, Hopland; best medicinal
waters in the State; fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL, .Hopland, Mendocino Co.. Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
The only place in ' the .United States where
Vichy Water is abundant. ', The only natural
Electric Waters: Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Ukiah. J. A. REDEMKTER & CO..
Proprietors.
VICHY Sf FUNGS,
f m Bis *3 Is » non-poldonotai
tf r a 499' n^Bv8 remniT for Gonorrhoea.
VggS'cCKEs^g Gleet. Sperm&torrha :_«,
/J&Sr ir- 1 1» 5 inn. ij2 White', unnatural du-
JxTitT Qnartaterd n chargf . or any inflarama,-
ff3»j oat t» urietir*. tion. i rUatiou or ulcerm-
fla> *l?T*TmiM wnmnn. tion <f mncous oinm-
»?VBTH£EtA!l3CHEM'C«I.Cj. br»nes. Non-astriagenc
W«&C!NCim71.Q.!Hra| So'* *' »rn«rsi*te.
«¥»k. as.*. 2sl ? r sent ln ' Iala wr »p:«'.
.aTCSxSsw b T sxprens, prepaid, lot
¦>fc*£iSSr««^5»n » IOO » or 3 bottles, tf.73.
*V%SjggfftHf^ H CI; ailar sent on rwiosrt.
Oakland Office— 54-. San Pablo Av<».'
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
> Telephone — South 42O.
Is an individual sin. bringing individual
punishment.
This laundry is here to protect you from
Improvidence in your laundry bills. We
save your. linen by using best processes in
cleaning it, finishing: It properly and re-
turn it promptly. Compared to others our
work is a little ahead in quality and little
behind in price, because It's saving: to your
pocketbook in wear and tear.
IMPROVIDENCE
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
- : , Send your name and address to
Warner's Safe Cure Co., Rochester. N. T.
For Free Sample Warner's Safe Cure,
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
PERFECT
No Percentage Drug Co.. 949-951 Market
ti.; Dahltpender Drug Co.. a« Kearny st.
Bend 2bc in 2c stamps to W. K. McBurney.
418 S. Spring Bt_, Los Angeles. CaL. for S
<!«.>¦£' treatment. Prepaid ?1 50. Druggists.
FOR SALE AT
r*0J§§k EOTTLE tfUnhb
' *tas2&$ MCBURWEY'8 •
}*?£• WiSSi K'idnev M<I8 ' ll " ef
I «*^ * Cjiy a'kmUIICj' CURE
Iwl t?Y A thorough cure for
| F?| 1 1 pains in the back, •
! W X. ERICHT'S DISEASE,
i (^if\. 24 r /^ fcinalo troubles, ineoo-
tiueuceof ux;ne. brick dnst deposits, bed-
i wetting of children, gravel, gall ctouag,
; dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
, j »e^ i -
. ' Any person may have an nitark of dyspepsia and attribute the disorder to a bit of
undigested beef or other slight cause. An occasional darting prffn will be experienced;,;
' somewhere. -' It comes and gom often like a flash. ¦ The victim' may think there la T
i something wrong with the air, or that Ihe weather bos "broken its record." He has
' m headache ; hU rent Is disturbed ; he cannot keep quiet ; he la lldgety. IT he la a brain
-' worker, lie la,ys It to clone application. At limes his appetite I* lost, while at others.)
.he cannot get enough to eat. He has »hnt he rails rntarrh; he. has strange mUxiv.
Ings; it he Is easily startled; he linn at times a raging fever, a little pleurisy and con-
gestion ; lie wakes in ihe nifjht scarcely able to breathe, great beads ol aweat on hla
j brow, his heart Jumping wildly. -. - . • ' *
What is the trouble t An unsuspected kidney disease, the kidney poison cor-
r roaing hi* entire system. * ' . . . ' \-. -,
• • . How can It be stopped T- There Is' but one sure treatment." Warner's Safe Core
absolutely, ipermanently an<t radically cures, no matter- how long, bow severe, or how
- generally fatal the disease. It la n speeifle. . It has a marvelous power over the kid-'
-: neys. We challenge the world to produce Us equal. Warner Save Core must, how-'
ever bo taken fruitfully and ai directed. IT so taken, we will cuarantee It lo produce
the desired result*. . . -
¦ In the present age there It no morn fatal malady than kidney disease. We do
-not even excrpl consumption of the lungs, Tor a kidney disease which la allowed to
-' become fully developed Is certainly consumption of the kidneys. " Kidney disease Is
often unsuapected.'ns °llm kidney* Imvn but Tew nerves, -and when deranged -the v don't
V fi've alarm by reason of pain or dUtres*. ;'j\/ ' *£j
. Every day people die of to-ctllrd " Hqart Disease" or. apoplexy, but 'In reality
_ of an unsuapected kidney disorder. Why If ' fiecaute physician* either are Ignorant
i of Its existence, or unwilling to tell ihe truth. ; !
15POppedl5ead! Heart Disease?
No J Kidney Disease.
Handsome booklets with full details have beea
left in Ticket Offices of the California North-
western Railway, or address CAMP REVERIK
ASSOCIATION, room SI. Flood building. Saa
Francisco. Office hours 12 to 4 p. m., Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays.
On June 3. this year. CAMP REVERIE will
be opened ln a redwocd grove on th« Guerne-
vllle branch of the- California Northwestern
Railway, midway between Fulton and Guerne-
ville.
¦ *SMi W^ 1
** ¦¦ ¦ ***
AlONEY.ftt-
I CHAS. M. PLUM & GO.
I Upholstery Company,
I NINTH AND MARKET STS.,
| Have quite a line of SHORT LENGTHS
Q of UPHOLSTERY GOODS which will
H be sold at reduced rates. •
If An opportunity to procure Pillow and
H Cushion Covers for your summer borne.•No returns.
The burglar who entered the residence
of Simon Donau at 1452 Franklin street
several -weeks ago and stole several hun
dred dollars* -worth of jewelry is under
arrest. His name is Edward Gallagher,
alias Yarrow. He was caught last night
by Detectives Dinan and "Wren and
Policeman Fowle. Gallagher -was seen
upstairs In the house by a little girl. He
threatened to kill her if she made a noise,
locked her in a room anu escaped.
Catch Burglar Who Scared Child.
You cannot go to the Pan-American Exposi
tion at Buffalo for "eleven crnts," but the
comfortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road,
"The Buffalo Short Line," which leave-. Chi
cago at convenient hoiirs for all Coast con
nections, carrying unexcelled Nickel Plate
Dining Cars, in -which American Club meals
are served at prices varying from 33 cents to
$1.00, will satisfy the most fastidious. Book
free showing Pan-American Exposition Views.
JAY "W. ADAM3. P. C. P. A., 37 Crocker
building. San Francisco, Cal.
Are You a Buffalo P
EASTERN VlAJj/LO^TDS
SOAKED WITH BAIU
Cincinnati "Wins From Chicago ax>d
Pittsburg From St. Louis
Team.
CINCINNATI, April 24. — Although the out
field was flooded Cincinnati was determined to
play with Chicago to-day. Very limited ground
rules were established, but the splashing was
so bad that the game for to-morrow was de
clared oft and the Chicago team, returned home
to-night. Cincinnati will play In Chicago on
Friday. The batting was terrific, the water
catching more balls than the fielders. The
water was quite close 10 the third base. At
tendance. 300. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati - 10 13 0
Chicago 9 12 4
Batteries— Phillips, McFadden and Peitz;
Taylor and KUng. Umpire— Emslie.
ST. LOCIS, April -.24. — It waa a great gamo
to-day until Jones weakened In the ninth and
let Brumont bit him for a home run after two
men were out. St. Louis played fine ball all
the way. Attendance. 3200. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis.... 4 11 .1
Pittsburg 5 13 1
Batteries— Jones and Nichols: Phillips, Tan
nehill and O'Connor. Umpire— Dwyer.
PHILADELPHIA. April 24. — American
League: Philadelphia-Washington game- waa
postponed on account of rain.
National League: Philadelphia-Boston game
was postponed on account of rain.
NEW YORK. April ?4.— National League:
New York-Brooklyn game -was postponed on
account of rain.
BALTIMORE, April 24.— American League:
Baltimore-Boston, game was postponed on ae-
count or rain.
DETROIT, April 24. — American League: De
troit-Mllwaukee game was postponed on ac
count of rain.
NEW TORK. April 2J-— The New York-Brook
lyn game waa postponed on account of wet
grounds. The game between these clubs sched
uled to be played at Brooklyn will be played
at the New York grounds if conditions permit.
DETROIT, April 24. — The opening game of
the American League, which was to have been
played here to-day, was postponed until to
morrow on account of rain.
Two Small Fires.
A fire last night In the Model Coffee
House on Grant avenue, near Post street,
caused by burning grease, did about $500
damage. The house of B. Layow, a Chi
nese merchant, 18 Prospect place, waa
completely gutted by flames. The fire
was caused by the merchant dropping a
lamp. His loss is about $1000.
OAKLAND, April 24.— The fighting waa
fast at the West Oakland Athletic Club
to-night. In the main event Dave Barry
was given the decision in eight lively
rounds with Mike McClure. Bevitt and
Hoffman fought a three-round draw. Jack
Capellss knocked out Jimmle Uttle In the
fourth round. The police stopped the mill
between "Kid" Neal and Arthur Granfleld
in the sixth round. Granfleld was given
the decision. Referee Drew awarded
Billy Sullivan the fight with Jack Ennis,
stopping the go in the fourth round.
Fighting Was Fast.
LONDON, April 24.— Bi.ly Smith, the
American pugilist, who was knocked out
in the eighth round of a contest with
Jack Roberts for the 126-pound cham
pionship of England at the National
Sporting- Club Monday night and who has
lain unconscious in a hospital since, died
at 11:15 o'clock this morning.
An inquest will be held in a few days.
Roberts, the opponent of Smith, the man
ager of the National Sporting Club, the
referee and the seconds have surrendered
to the police. ' i
Altogether six warrants have been is
sued for the arrest of persons connected
with the. Smith-Roberts fight on the
charge of manslaughter.
Officials of London Club and Roberts,
His Opponent, Are Arrested
and Charged.
PUGIUST SMITH DIES
FlfcOrc B.INQ INJTTItEES
THIs is in accordance with efforts un
dertaken by J. J. Groom to bring the two
heavyweights together in this city. Ruh-
The National Sporting/ Club of San
Francisco announces that It has matched
Jeffries and Ruhlln for a fight in this city
during July or August.
lin's consent to the match for a \ery
liberal percentage money was given some
two weeks ago. The National Club now
claims that Jeffries has also signed. Jef
fries wants plenty of time to get Into con
dition and as his theatrical engagements
close about June 1 he insists upon a
month or more for training.
feated C. S. Bowers, O. C. In two straight
falls First fall S minutes and final fall 3:23.
115-pound class— "W. H. Smith Jr.. O. C. de
feated R. K. Cole. R. A. C. in two straight
bouta. First fall In 2:15 and second in 6 min
utes by aggnsslvenssB.
125-pound class-^T. S. Kahn. M. A. C. threiv
J A Gindorff. O. C. In « minutes. II. M.
Platt. R. A. C. threw J. F. Russell. O. C. In
33 seconds. Final— Platt defeated Kahn In twi
bouts First in 4:4tti with a wrist hold anl
half-Nelson, and second on aggressiveness,
after « mlnut«» wrestllnir.
135-pound class— H. M. Platt won from C. t>.
Pentony, O. C. on agrgressiveness. Braun de
feated Pentony In 64 seconds. Final— Braun
defeated Platt In 1:27. Platt then defaults
to Braun on account of twisted neck.
145-pound class— Louis Hazelhacker. R A. C .
threw R B. Cornell in 3:21. Charles Jenkins.
O C threw M. Milward, O. C. in 37 seconds.
R. S.' Wixson, R. A. C. threw Braun in 1:1...
Jenkins threw Wixaon in 5:o5. Cornell got a
bye with Hazslbacker and won with baek roll
m 3-23. Cornell defeated Jenkina in 40 sec
ond« and in final bout Cornell won the cham-
M eS535n»dl defeated Charl^
Mere Y M C. A., in 12 seconds. Jenkins de
feated Milward in 3:25. Braun defeated Hazel
hacker in 10S. Cornell defeated Jenkins In
a-'S Braun secured two decisions over Cornel!
by agsressive work. Cornell was tired and
exhausted, but managed to stay the time o«
in both bouts. The mat work of both men waa
Cl HeaWwelKht-^Chri9 1™"?°". ¦$:„£• A?
feated W. R. McCullugrh. O. C.. In 3..1. after
a six-minute bout that the referee «« ;1 ««« *
draw McCullush secured the b>e with
liamL Me Phie* Mascot A. C. and won in I:*;
wHh crotch hold and half-Nelson. Flnal-
Pe-enon threw McCullussh «n l:0« and ca V 
tured the final bout on aggressive work.
JEFFRIES AND RUHLIN MATCHED
BY THE NATIONAL SPORTING CLUB
Shouts of encouragement and sympathy
from the lips of fair ones were heard last
evening in the gymnasium of the Olympic
Club during tho progress of the amateur
championship wrestling tournament. The
contests were held in honor of the ladles,
and they filled the gymnasium to over
flowing.
The wrestling contests were highly ex
citing and were greatly enjoyed. Eugene
Van Court refereed the bouts, Fred R.
Butz acted as timer. G. A. Hensley scorer,
and Robert McGibbon announcer. More
than a score of bouts were contested, and
out of the seven championships decided
the Olympic Club wrestlers captured five,
which speaks well for George Miehling.
the club's Instructor. Chris Peterson, a
veritable hercules, defeated W. R. Mc-
Cullugh in the heavyweight division, and
H. M. Platt of the Reliance Athletic Club
defeated- J. C. Kahn of the Multnomah
Athletic Club in the 125-pound class. G.
W. Braun entered in three .classes and
managed to secure first place in the 135
pound and 158-pound classes. He was
thrown cleverly by R. S. Wixon In the
welterweight division. Platt of the Reli
ance essayed- to win out in the 135-pound
class, but Braun proved too much for him.
R. B. Cornell had the hardest work of the
night. He won in the welterweight class
and might have defeated Braun for mid
dleweight honors but for his exhausted
condition. He fainted after hi9 final bout
with his clubmate, but soon revived and
was able to walk out of the ring.
Folio-wing is a summary of the contests:
105-pound, class— Saul Gruman, O. C, de-
Amateur Athletes Do Some Fast and Clever
Mat Work in the Pfesence of a Large
Gathering of Members and the Fair Sex
CHAMPIONSHIP WRESTLING BOUTS
ARE CHEERED AT OLYMPIC CLUB
GOLF EXPERTS PLAY QUALIFYING
ROUND FOR COAST CHAMPIONSHIP
, PETITION IN INSOLVENCY.— J. C. Knick
ren. manager of a -sawmill at Mohawk, Plumas
County, filed a petition In insolvency yester
day In the United States District Court." lie
owes $8936 £7 and has J300 assets. . - . ¦-' -
ALLEGED WOMAN . BURGLAR.— Mrs.-Nel
lie Davids appeared before Judge.' ' Cabanlss
yesterday for her preliminary examination on
two charges of burglary and her trial on three
charges of petty larceny. One charge of -petty
larceny was dismissed and the other-- cases
were continued, v • - • .-¦..,• .
! SIX ' MONTHS FOR PETTY LARCKNY.—
Joseph Mullen and "Wililam Deen,. two- young
men who were arrested for burglary, on April
3 ; for ¦ breaking- into the premises > of ' Dennis
Lucey, " 145 Natoma street, had the charge re
duced . to ¦ petty larceny., by, Judge j Conlan • yes
terday, and each got six months in the County
Jail. . ' . ¦ .
. . ; , .;¦ . ¦ . • . ¦ •
The opening of the great Bankrupt
Shoe Sale will take place to-day. TV. F.
PIpher, receiver, will sell the most cele
brated makes of $3.50 shoes for ladies- and
men for $1.65 a pair. 2000 pairs must and
will be sold. The ladies' are ¦ vici kid,
coin toe, in lace and button. The men's
are vici kid latest style toes, in bal and
congress; $1.65 a pair at" the Bankrupt
Shoe Sale of the California Shoe Co., 1500
Market street, above City Hail avenue.-*
Invitation Extended to All.
Last evening- was the . fourteenth anni
versary of the institution of Oro Flno Par
lor No. 9, Native Daughters of the Golder
."West, and the event was celebrate! by s
grand ' ball in Golden Gate Hall. There
was an attendance that comfortable fillec
the hall, which. was very tastefully deco
rated in pale blue and gold, with th«
name of the parlor In red electric lights
over the platform, on which' was th«
orchestra, concealed behind a screen 'ol
living plants and palms. r The grand
march to a military air was led by Presi
dent Mrs. May Meyer and J. J. Meyer, hei
husband. The floor manager -was Miss
Nellie T. Mulcay, assisted by Misses An
nie Fleming and Lillie Freudenberg and
Mmes. Julia "Wright, Jennie Tyler and
Mabel < Dunn.
Oro Fino's Anniversary.
LONDON, April 24.— The Cit- and Su
burban handicap of 2000 sovereigns for
three- vear-olds and upward was •won to
day b~ Spencer Collan's Australian Star
apalnst a field of fifteen horses. H. J.
King's Amurath was second . and James
Joicey's Alvescot .third. The distance
was about a mile and . a quarter. This
race drew a large crowd to the famous
race course.
In the events that preceded the City and
Suburban handicao in the day's card
Lester Reiff on the Ita fllly won the
Beechworth stak<»«. while Johnny Reiff on
Simon Glover was second , to College
Queen in the Tadworth plate.
American Jockeys Score.
In consideration of Mr. Ketcham's with
drawing the entry of Cresceus in the $10,
000 free-for-all trot, which next to the
match race is the principal feature on
the 'programme,- the New York Trotting
Association has guaranteed $5000 in any
event for the appearance of Cresceus at
the Brighton Beach track.
! NEW YORK, April 24.— Secretary C. A.
McCully of the New York Trotting Asso
ciation has just returned from Toledo,
Ohio, after securing the signature of G.
H. Kfctcham. the owner of the trotting
horse Cresceus, to an agreement for .a
match between The Abbott and Cresceus,
to take place at Brighton Beach during
the week beginning August 12. The agree
ment also bears the signature of W. I.
Marks, acting for John J. Scannell, and
William A. Engemann for the New York
Trotting Association. ' :
The conditions of the race are the best
three out of five, one-mile heats, for • a
purse of $12,000, the winner to receive
$7000 and the- remainder of the purse to go
to the loser. • The owners have agreed to
bring their horses to the post In good con
dition and have also agreed that the
horses shall not be raced against each
other in a match or special contest prior
to the filling, of their Brighton Beach en
gagement under the auspices of the New
York Trotting Association, the date of
which probably will be Thursday, Au
gust 15.
CRESCETJS AND THE
ABBOTT ABE MATCHED
The entries for the San Francisco kennel
show, did not close last night, as was an
nounced. Exhibitors will have until i 10
o'clock Saturday evening to send in their
entries.
Dog Snow Entries.
- The Friscos have returned 'home aftei
an absence of one week, during whicr
they climbed Into first place. They art
now tie with Los Angeles and today thej
will commence a series with the Oakland
ers. The Dudes are in second place, bui
they are so close upon the heels of j thf
Friscos that It is possible for them tc
oust their old rivals from the lead during
this series.
The line-ur> for to-day is as follows: •-
Oakland. . . Positions. Sail Francisco.
Lohman .'.;. Catcher. Graham
Moskiman...... Pitcher .' Iburg
Strelb :..First base.. :...Pabst
Arrellanes. Second base .'...Schwartz
Moore Third base Reilly
Francks Shortstop Krug
Dunleavy.. Left field ; Holland
Drennan .Center field.. Hlldebrand
Held .'. Right field Nordyke
Baseball To-Day.
Stewart Cotton '98, Stanford's famou:
bucking fullback, will return from Manil;
to coach the backs. He had four years
experience at Stanford playing end, tackli
and .fullback under Cross, Brooke ant
Camp. Professor ' Jackson E. Reynold:
of the law department has consented t<
act as faculty adviser. • He accepted th<
position only upon the earnest solicitatloi
of the football men themselves. As t
member of the . faculty and a forme;
player he is peculiarly fitted for such t
position. .
Dr. Alfred Spalding, Stanford 1896, Co
lumbia 1900, will take care of the tackles
Spalding played end two years at Stan
ford and two years at Columbia under thi
best Eastern coaches. George McMillan
ex-1897, wil coach the line men. Beside;
his experience at Stanford, McMillai
has played on and coached the famout
Butte and Multnomah teams. - - .- ¦
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 24.-
Stanford's football policy for the cominj
season was outlined to-night at a meet
ing of the football men. Three active
graduate, coaches, have been chosen, wh(
will look after the players while on th(
field. A fourth man, who will act as
head coach and chief adviser," was chosen
Is ' Outlined at a
Meeting.
Football Policy for the Next Season
THREE GRADUATES WILL
COACH AT STANFORD
The defendant Is charged under section 415
of the Penal Code with the crime of disturbing
the peace. The evidence shows that the of
fense ¦ is an aggravated one, viz: using ob
scene language in speaking over tho telephone,
and addressing the same to . a young lady, a
6tranger to the defendant, who happened to
be telephoning" on the . same party line. I
have heard many similar I complaints, and . I
believe that an example should be made of
any individual who is proven guilty of such a
cowardly act. If such practices are not dis
couraged It will be impossible for any . one to
use a telephone without being . subjected to
insult ¦ from some concealed scoundrel who
feels secure from detection and who delights
in ublng obscene language. This class of of
fenders, and those guilty of similar offenses,
to. wit: I using vile and . obscene 'language on
street cars and in public places in the pres
ence of women, need not expect . rftercy : from
me, I if found guilty. The extreme j penalty in
this case by fine is $90, -and by Imprisonment
ninety days. : I will not allow ¦ this defendant
to pay a fine, but will sentence him to impris
onment - in the : County Jail for the term of
one month, and I hope i that : after serving: , his
sentence he will see the error of his way. and
that the; example of his punishment will de
ter others from the commission of similar of
fenses. ;'..j • •....,-.
• Ex- Judge - Treadwell, ) on . behalf of . the
defendant, gave notice of appeal to I the
Superior Court. :-.'¦ ~'.*\:
Cancilli is employed in his j brother's
fruit store at 160 Fifth street, and on the
night of April 16, while Miss Annie Cas
tro, a dressmaker at 837. Howard street,
was talking over the telephone to her sts
ter on Fell street, Cancilli, whose tele
phone is on the same "party line," chimed
in; and made an insulting proposal to her.
She handed the receiver to her other sis
ter, who was with her, and walked quick
ly to the' fruit store, discovering Cancilli
at the telephone. He had done the same
thing before. Cancilli was convicted and
appeared for sentence yesterday. In sen
tencing- him the Judge said:
Men who use the telephone for the pur
pose of insulting women by ¦ vulgar and
abusive language had a lesson taug-ht
them yesterday -when Judge Mogan sen
tenced Nick Cancilli to a month in the
County Jail wtihout the option of a fine.
Convicted of Insulting
a Woman Over the
Telephone
NICK CANCILLI
SENT TO JAIL
EXPERT GOLFERS IN: THE
COAST, CHAMPIONSHIPS ON
THE PRESIDIO LINKS. . '
Open stake, 112 dogs— W. C. . Glasson's Dew
drop vs. I Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon ; J.
Smith's Bony Boy vs. Pasha Kennels' Fiery
Face; Sterl & Knowles' Ripple vs. Yosemite
Kennels' Bad Boy; E. Geary's Ruby Psyche
vs. P. Doyle's Liberator; A. R. Curtis' Vulcain,
vs. George Sharman's Black Flush; Sterl &
Knowles' For Glory vs. P. J. Rellly's War
ship; H. Perigo's Bohe vs. George Sharman's
Chicago Boy; Xeneld Kennels' Fine Fire vs.
J. J. Keenan's Black Lock; H. A. Deckel man's
Laurence vs. Pasha Kennels' Random Aim; P.
M. Curtis' Shadow \ vs. P. Jackson's Honor
Bright; F. Jones' Harlean Gladys vs. Yosemite
Kennels" Mose; A. Vanderwhite's Flora" Mc-
Donald vs. E. M. Curtis' Warpath; A. R. Cur
tis' Luxor vs. H. H. Gray's Rena; J. Smith's
Master Workman vs. F. Jones' Loyina; F. A.
McComb's-Bona Fide vs. P. M. •Curtis' Fashion
Plate; J. Dempsey's Jingle ..Bells vs. F. A.
McComb's Motto; E. & R.: Scott's Lord Byron
vs. T. J. Cronin's Vixen; Lopez & Son's Kitch
ener Vs. F. A. McComb's Little Sister; P. M.
Curtis' Anchor vs. E. Geary's Minnie Psyche;
T. J. Cronin's Vandal : vs. . Aeneid' Kennels'
•Aeneas; 'Lowe' & Thompson's Scotch . Reel vs.
Star Kennels" Master Lawrence; .^F. A. Mc-
Comb's 'F^rm Fellow vs.- G. . Lennon's" Half
Moon; A. R. "Curtis' Charta vs. "James "C<3n
nell's Log Boy; F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha
vs. .Sterl & Knowles' Olita; C. L. Appleby's
E'G W vs. Connell Brothers' White Hat; O.
Zahl's Miss Wilson vs. J. Sheridan's Forest
King; Kerrigan & Mehany's Eros vs. P. Mul
cahy's Lord Dunmere; L. Bartels' Banner
Bright vs. J. J. Kenny's Hot Haste: Pasha
Kennels' Real Article vs. D. J. Healy's Tapi
oca; F. A. McComb's Royal Fashion vs. A.
R. Curtis'- Candelaria:'' Lowe & Thompson's
St. Orln vs. P. M. Curtis' War Eagle; J.
DowlinB*s Sir Lawrence vs. W.' Cairns' Gold
Ore; P. M. Curtis' McKinley vs. W. J. Brown
ing's Mountain Belle;. Pasha Kennels' Rollick
ing Airs vs. Ray Brothers' Hawker: H. A.
Deckelman's Master Rocket; vs. Star Kennels'
Fontenoy; Russel & Allen's Castaway vs.
George Sharman's The Doctor: C. O. Peter
son's Silver Cloud vs. E: Geary's Fannie
Hughie; Star Kennels' Mayflower vs. Pasha
Kennels' Roman Athlete; Russell & Allen's
Rosle Clair vs. Captain Clarkson's Golden Gar
ter; T. J. Cronin's Thornhill vs. Connell
Brothers' St. Helen; H. A. Deckelman's Rocker
vs. Russell & Allen's Faithful Lad; G. Len
non's Sir Crawford vs.; J. Kennedy's Ever
Shore; P. M. Curtis' Vagrant vs. P. Doyle's
Thelma; Connell Brothers' Mamie Pleasant vs.
P. Jackson's Golden Russet: D. J. Healy's
Alista vs. Star Kennels' Game Boy: Pasha
Kennels' Rural Artist vs. J. 'J. Keenan's Lun
dln Links ; Gold Dust Kennels' Brutus vs. W.
J. Leonard's Tom Hurlick;. W. C. Glasson's
lone vs. F. Jones', Wed gre wood; Pasha 'Ken
nels' Roundabout vs. D. J. Healy's Fine Form;
P. J. Reilly's The Grafter vs. Chiarini Broth
ers' Santonlp;' J.' Sheridan's Forest Queen vs.
Aeneid Kennels' Athena; Yosemite Kennels'
Sir Van vs. P. J. Rellly's Loughneagh; Pasha
Kennels' Risky Attempt : vs.. J.r Cane's Green
hall; W. Cairns' Imperial vs. P. M. Curtis'
Narcissus; J. P.' Thrift's Tyrone Prince vs. A.
R. Curtis' ¦ Flying Fox;*H. -Perigo's Controller
vs. Whiteside & Stillwell's Gold Bug. ¦
. The card at Union ; Coursing Park for
Saturday and Sunday will be a 112-dog
open stake. The draw held last night Is
as follows: • ¦
Drawn for the Saturday and
Sunday Card.
OPEN STAKE EVENT FOB,
UNION PABK COTTRSING
One Hundred and Twelve Dogs
. Great regret -was expressed that C. E.
Maud of the Riverside Polo and Golf Club,
C. E. Orr of the Pasadena Country Club,
and Walter Cosby of the Los Angeles
Country Club, were not' able to play in
the - tournament. Notwithstanding . the
absence of these experts the representa
tives of Southern California did very well
yesterday, taking four out of the six
highest places. H. M. Sears of the Los
Ang?les Country Club turned in. the best
r-core of the day— 176, John Lawson's score
being eleven higher— 187. E..R. Folger of
Oakland handed In a score only one high
er than John Lawson's. Several players
went out to the links quite early in the
morning in the hope of finding a still at
mosphere, but in this they were disap
pointed, for a strong wind blew across the
course all day, being especially cold and
disagreeable in the afternoon. The course
and greens are very fast, the ninth green
being reached in two. several times. On
his third round J. "WV Bryne's second shot
landed his ball right in the corral In front
py|"«^HB qualifying round over thlrty-
I six holes, medal play, for the first
I competition for the men's amateur
JLL championship held by the Pacific
* Coast Golf Association' began yes
terday morning on the Presidio links, and
continued throughout the day. The round
was not quite completed, however, ! as
qualifying scores may be handed in up to
1 p. m.- to-day.' Of the sixteen competi
tors the thirteen first named in the list
given below are practically sure to be
within the charmed circle of sixteen. who
will be qualified to play in the opening
match play round this afternoon. The
last three named, J. S. Cravens, J. J.
Creeks and R. G. Brown, are by no means'
sure of their places, as "Warren; Gregory,
Captain D. J. Rumbaugh and J. H. Mee,
all pf the San Francisco Golf Club, are
aulte likely to beat 210.
Of the members of the San Franciso
Golf Club who had entered, ¦ but did not
play the qualifying round, B. D. Adamson.
and, H. -IB'.- Goodwin are serious losses.
The sixteen lowest scorers will play in
the opening match play round, which be
gins at 2 p. m., opponents being- drawn
by lot. The full scores are given in the
table: .¦ . .
The game yesterday attracted scarcely
any spectators, but this is to be attributed
to the unpleasant weather,, and to the fact
that the real contest had not begun. Some
very Interesting; matches are expected to
take place before the close of the tour
nament. . , .
of the home green, but he succeeded In
playing it out, and getting a good lie in
one. On one occasion. John Lawson's ball
struck the telegraph -wires so full that
It " fell down rig/ht beneath them. As he
had not left his position, he dropped an
other ball in accordance with the new
gTound rule. ¦ '
2349. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. M. Str. Fin.
18S5 M. Hogan* 4, 106. Ransch 13 2 2 2 11%
(2290)Saintly, 5, 107... Glsborn 4 2 2 In 2 3
2204 Invictus. 3, 97....Meade 2 11 34 3 1
2343 High Hoe. 6, lOo.Mathws 5 5 1 4 2 4 n
2335 Rinaldo. 6, 107.. ..Conley 8 6 % 6 1 5 %
2271 Vohicer, 4, 107..Basnger 7 8 5 % 6 6
(2301)S. Garter, 4, 109..Bergen 3 7 4 8 7 1
2332 Eldred, 3, 91 Redfern 6 4 3 7 1 8
Time-44, :24%: %, :4S%: ?i. 1:14. Good
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, W. P. Magrane' s bg. g. by imp. Wag
ner-Miss Hight. Hogan was fresh. Saintly
ran his race. Vohicer cut off twice going first
hundred yards. Scratched— Alas 102.
Betting— Matt Hogan, 8; Saintly, 9-5; Invic
tus. 10; High Hoe; 18-5; Rinaldo, 8; Vohicer,
3; Silver Garter, 15; Eldred, 60. ;
three-year-olds and up; purse,: $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2335 Doublet, 4, 110.... Russell 3 11 2^1%
(2322) P. Titania, 3, 93.. Butler 7 7142 2h
! 2316 Andrattus, 3, S7.. Martin 1 3 % 1 V* 3 3
: 2330 Gibraltar, 6, 114.. Turner 6 6 1 3 h 4 6
: 2304 Duckoy, 4, 106 Conley 5 4 h 5^61
2278 Lov. Cup. 6, lll.Mathwa 4 5 h 7 5 6 V4
2329 Sea Lion, 5, 110..Howell 2 2 n 6 1 7 5
2271 Jerld, 5, 112 Shields 8 8 8 .8
Time-%, :24; %, :48; .%, 1:131*. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, D. S.
Fountain's ch. g. by Domino-Lucy Wallace.
¦With any sort of luck Princess would have
won. Weight suited Andrattus. Gibraltar
sulked. Loving Cup cut off on far turn by
favorite. Sea Lion stopped. He has bad legs.
Scratched— Seide 102.
Betting — Doublet, 8; Princess Titania, 6; An
drattus, 9; Gibraltar, 7-5; Duckoy, 20; Loving
Cup, 9; Sea Lion, 9-2; Jerid, 30.
234S. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
1 2347. FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth
miles; Free handicap; three-year-olds and up;
purse, $500.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2330 B. Ormonde. 3, 103. Gouin 116 1 4 1 n
2331 MacGyle. 4. 98. ..Ransch 4 2 12 6 2 8
2336 Malay, 5, 100 Redfern 5 6 3 5 3 12
2312 Dan. Maid, 4, lOl.Martn 3 4 1 5 41
22S1 Fretter, 5, 115... Turner 2 3n 42 5
Time-1-16, :07; K, :25%; %, :49%; %, 1:15; m,
1:4214; 1 l-16m, 1:4S%. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner, W. O'B. Macdonough's
ch. c. ' by imp. Ormonde-imp. Miss Brummel.
Winner allowed to steal away. MacGyle
was closing fast. Malay cut oft on back
stretch by The Fretter. Latter did not run
his race.
Betting — Beau Ormonde, 13-5; MacGyle.. .5;
Malay, 10; Dangerous Maid, 6; The Fretter,
2346. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; three
year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. ' Str. Fin.
2"'.22 Rollick. 104.. .....Ransch 3 1 2 12 11%
2318 Ada N, 102 Martin 14 2 5 2 6
2217 Cougar, 107 ...Conley 4 3 2 3 14 3 4
.2235 Maresa. 102 Butler 2 2 3 4 4 ¦
Time-%, :23%; %, ~:48%; %, 1:02; %, 1:28,
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's ch. g.
by Take Notice-Happy Maiden. Rollick en-
Joyed clear sailing. Ada N cut off soon after
start by Cougar. Maresa has gone back.
Betting— Rollick, 1; Ada N, 6-5; Cougar, 15;
Maresa. 20.
2345. SECOND RACE— Four and a half fur-'
longs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. %. Fin.
(232>.)Torso Maid. 102. ..Martin 1112 3 1 h
23H Royalty, 104...BaBslnger 7 3h 11 2 h
2328 Vasal lo. 102 Ransch 6 4h 32 8 1
f23d9) Jarre. d'Or, 104. Alexandr 4 6.1 4 1 4 4
(23."3)The Giver, 105.... Conley 2 5% 6 2 5 4
2333 Innocencia 103. Gouin 5' 2 % 5 1 6 3
2328 Mike Mi*phy. 102.Matrn 3 7 7 7
Time— 5-16, :30; 9-16. ":54%. Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner. J. Weber & Co.'s
br. f. by Toso-Happy Maiden. Maid stood a
hard drive gamely. Royalty had no excuses.
Vasallo cut off in stretch - or he would have
¦won. Jarretierre d'Or cut off right after start.
Scratched— Lapldus 105, Ogle 105. Divina 102.
Betting— Torso Maid, 10; Royalty, 12; Vasallo,
13-5; Jarretierre d'Or, 7-5; The Giver, 5; Inno
cencia, 10; Mike Murphy, 50.
2.144. FIRST RACE— Five and a half fur
longs; selling; three-year-old fillies; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. V4- %. Fin.
2248 Cous. Carrie. lOO.Fauntly 2 1% IS 14
2274 Scr. Lake. 103 Russell 17 1 4 % 2 5
2236 Merida, 100 Martin 4 8 2 6 % 3 1
2322 Compass, 101 Hafteyll 11 3 14 2
(230:))Lucera. 100 Butler 9 2 1 5h 5 1
2337 Cath. Bravo. 105....Enos 6 6 h 7 1 6 h
2337 Aphrodls. 102 BergenlO 9 % 11 7 hi
2337 Chaste, 102 ...Glsborn 7 4 h 2 1 8 2
2337 Companion. 103.-.. ..Gouin 8 5 1 10 9 3
2262 Homage. 100 Ransch 5 3 h 8 1 10 6
22C5 Lily Diggs, 104.Bassingr 3 10 9 h 11
Time— 3-16, :18l£; Vt. :24; %. :49%; 5%f, 1:08.
Good start. Won easily. Second and . third
driving. Winner, W. B. Sink Jr.'s ch. f. by
imp. Midlothian-Sister Mary. Cousin Carrie is
a fast trick. Lake not ridden to best advan
tage. Compass made up a lot of ground. So
did Lueei-a. Chaste no account. Homage has
gone back. Scratched — Carrie Lucas 100.
Betting— Cousin Carrie, 12; Screenwell Lake,
4; Merida. 15; Compass, 10; Lucera, 20; Cath
erine Bravo. 15; Aphrodis, 8; Chaste. 15;* Com
panion, 7; Homage, 3;'Lily Diggs, 15.
TANFOBAN PARK— Wednesday, April
24, 1901.— Weather fine. ..Track fast.
Mile and a quarter, selling— George Lee won.
Fox Bard second. Kentucky Babe third. Time,
1X2 1-5.
: J . CHICAGO. April 24.— Lakeside summary:
¦;Six furlongs— Hampshire won, Barbara M
second; Remark third. Time not taken on ac
count of fog.
Eix furlongs — Possart won. Odnor second,
Henry Bert third. Time. 1:17.
Four and a half furlongs— Barouche won,
Yana. second. Gracchi third.- Time, :56 2-5.
Seven furlonps — Boney Boy won. Branch sec
ond. Ohnet third. Time, 1:29 5-5.
Mile and a sixteenth— Pirate's Queen won,
Myth second, Dousterswivel third. Time,
1:50 3-5.
Five and a half furlongs — Badinage won,
Slroister second. Custodian third. Time. 1:09*4.
. Half a mile, two-year-olds— Jim Scanlon won,
Easter Boy second. Lemuel third. Time. :50*i.
One mile, handicap — Isobel won. Lady Strath
more second, larkspur third. Time, 1:41.
' Four and a half furlongs— Kaloma won, Marie
Bell second, Ardita third. Time, :56.
Mile and an eighth— Beana won. Windward
second, John Bull third. Time. 1:57%. »
Five and a half furlongs — Alfa woni Robert
Gray pecond. Quite Right third. Time, 1:08 2-5.
Five and a half furlongs— All Green won.
Himself second. Criterion third. Time, 1:09 2-5.
Five furlongs— Chirrup won. Optional second,
Margie S third. Time, 1:05 1-5.
NASHVILLE. Tena., April 24.— Cumberland
Park summary:
About seven furlongs, handicap — Robert Wad
dell won, Janice second, Speedmas third. Time,
1:2S.
Six furlongs, telling— Gold Lack won. Her
Ladyship second, llargraviate third. Time,
1:17 1-5. ' . »
.JCKVf TORK, April 24.— Aqueduct summary:
Seven • furlongs, selling— Lucky Star won.
Buffoon second. Hardy Pardee third. Time,
1:23 2-5.
. Five furlongs — James Fltz won, Lucrusta sec
ond. Merry Hours third. Time. 1:04 3-5.
Five and a half furlongs, selling — Kaster won.
Chemisette second, Virginia T third. Time,
1:14U.
Four and a half furlongs — El Giva won.
Myrtle Del second, 'Wedding March third.
Time. 1:00.
One mile, hurdle handicap — Zeriba won. Di
vertisement second, Poorlands third. Time,
1:5%,
Seven furlongs, match, $1000 to winner-
Horseshoe Tobacco won from J. H. Sloan.
Time; 1:36^.
Six furlongs — Castlne -won, Lady Kent sec
ond, TuBcarosa third. Time, 1:21H-
Four furlongs— Mcl^anahan won, St. Hera sec
ond. King Hex third. Time, :53U.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Juniper
won. King's Pet second. Colonel Strathy third.
Time. 1:13. : . $
CINCINNATI, Afiril 24.— Newport summary:
First race — Mamie Hildreth, Cambacerea, Kl
Karn.
Second race — Glissando, Mission, Decoy.
Third race — Hainault. . Divina, Louwelsea.
Fourth race — Scotch Plaid. Gotobed, The
Epbby. [ ,
Fifth race— The Pride, Hermoso, Prejudice.
Sixth race — Grand Sachem, Montallade,
Bojtub Bill. "- '.
BESTJXTS OF EACI2IG
ON EASTERN TRACKS
Probable Winners.
Sixth race— Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward; Eelling. -,
223S-Bogus Bill 105 2340 Wallenstein ...105
2341 Montallade 10C 2121 Grand Sachem. 103
231S Alleviate 102 C2314)Foul Play 103
2301 Moringa ICS 2336 Hohenlohe 108
(2334)Parader lOX
Fifth race^-Slx lurlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
2335 Hermoso 113 2336 Prejudice Ill
2330 Dr. Cave 116 2302 Mike Strauss, ..113
227S The Pride lie 1S38 Anjou 116
Fourth race— One mile and a quarter; four
year-olds and upward; Belling.
<23S6)Gotobed S7i 231S The Bobby 104
22SV Suiiello 95, (2342) Scotch Tlaid... S9
Third race— Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selling.
2339 Achilles HSf 2345 Royalty 113
2303 Ogle 118 2293 Divina 115
C317)HainauIt 115 1 (22SS)Louwelsea 115
Second race— Six and a half furlcngs; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
* "340 Glissando 105i 2314 Lost Girl 103
"343 McAlbert 1051 2320 Senator Matts.,105
2290 Decoy 1051 22S2 Mission 105
"314 Tizona 1031 2287 The Singer 105
Firrt.-.race^-Slx furlongs; three-year-olds;
Belling.
2295 George Dewoy.1071 2327 Road Agent 107
""©> Illllouon 107, 2337 Tristrain 107
2327 Triple Cross. ...107 2269 Matilda O 107
22S0 Sisenvine 107 2337 Gaylon Brown. 107
2232 rambaceres ...107 2322 Rasp 107
22S2 Mamie IlildrethlO7 2332 El Kara 107
To-Day's Entries.
¦ On Tuesday, in the race won by Bound
lee. Jack Martin and "Ixmgshot" Conley
indulged in a splash of rough riding and
repartee. The pair repeated it in the third
event yesterday, and were cautioned by
the judges that unless it was discontinued
both riders -would be set down.
Track Notes.
LOXG shots in the betting- swept
nearly everything before them at
Tanforan Park yesterday. Had It
not been for the win of Rollick,
outsiders would have had a clean
pcore. The fusillade began with Cousin
Carrie, followed by the victories of Torso
Maid, Beau Ormonde, Doublet and .finally
Matt Hogan. ICash Turner alone remains
to represent the fashionable division of
jockeys and he failed to distinguish him
self particularly. The exceedingly good
card attracted u large attendance.
While the bookmakers made The Fretter
favorite for the free handicap, with his
• 115 pounds in the saddle, the sharpshooters
unloaded on Boau Ormonde, cutting the
j.rjr-e from Vfa to 1 to 13 to 5. Of the other
time starters MacGyle was the only one
conceded a .chance. The pace set in the
race was not a. fast one. and Gouin, on
lieau Ormonde, was in the lead all the
way. stalling- off tho late rush of MacGyle
and winning all out by a neck in 1:48%.
Malay ran third and the favorite last.
Homage, run in her new owner's colors
fcr the first time in the opening live and
a half furlong sprint, a mild favorite In
the betting, nn!s-hed back in the ruck. At
the start Fauntleroy, on the 12 to 7 out
sider. Cousin Carrie, sneaked away in the
lead, beating the second choice. Screen
well take, four lengths at the wire. Jack
Marttn.-on Merida, finished third.
Alexander, the colored rider who rode
the 7 lo 5 favorite. Jarretierre d'Or. for the j
two-year-old tptfnt over four and a half
furlongs, met with a bunch of mishaps.
Soon after the Ftart his mount was cut off
and then, ridden in and out, finished
fourth. Jack Martin made all the run
ning with the 12 to 1 shot Torso Maid, and
in sl fierce three-head drive with Royalty
rind VasaHo was returned the winner. A
lurlong from the f=tand Ransch, astride
Vai-aJlo, was cut off by Royalty or he
would undoubtedly have won.
After many nervous pulsations in the
ring, the betting on the seven-furlong run
for three-year-olds finally resulted in Rol
lick closing a slight favorite over Ada N.
Luck favored ihe former, for he had clear
sailing from the kick-off, and won hand
ily. Ada N was cut off at the start by
Cougar, and then finished a good second.
"Chub" Russell" landed the 8 to 1 shot
Doublet first for the fifth number at six
furlongs. Gibraltar, the favorite, sulked
after running a quarter. Andrattus led
into the stretch, when he was headed by
Uoublet, which horse downed Princess Ti
tania half a length in 1:13%. Tommy But
ler, on the last named filly, met with poor
racing luck in getting cut off, or she would
have been first. ;
Billy Magrane had Matt Hogan fit to go
the Derby route, and the Wagner gelding
defeated a fair bunch of sprinters in the
last event with astonishing ease. Ransch,
who had the leg up, trailed the favorite.
Saintly, into the stretch, and then forging
to the front, scored by over a length.
Show honors fell to Invictus.
BY P. E. MTJLHOLLAND.
CALL'S FACING FORM CHART
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUilSDAY, APRIL 25, 1901.
OPENING OF COAST GOLF TOURNAMENT -CHAMPION WRESTLERS AT THE OLYMPIC CLUB
Beau Ormonde Takes the Free Handicap at
Tanforan — The Fretter Makes a Very
Poor Showing — Matt Hogan a Surprise
FIRST CHOICES IN THE BETTING
BEATEN BY RANK OUTSIDERS
PACIFIC COAST CHAMPION SHIP— QUALIFi'INa ROUND.
4
First
Round.
Second
Round.
Third
Round.
Fourth
Round.
COMPETITORS.
Club.
Total.
H. M. Sears........
John Lawson
E. R. Folger .....'.
W. Frederickson...
J. F. Sartori.
R. H. Hay Chapman..
Arthur Goodall
R. M. Fitzgerald
J. W. Byrne
H. C. Gotcher ..
J. A. Folger....
W. P. Johnson
P.' E. Bowles Jr
J. S. Cravens
J. J. Crooks
R. G. Brown
C. R. Winslow
H. Gaylord Wllshlre. . .
Los Angeles Country...
San Francisco Golf
Oakland Golf
Los Angeles Country.;.
Lcs Angeles Country...
Los Angeles Country. ••
Oakland Golf
Oakland Golf."
San Francisco Golf
San Francisco Golf.....
Oakland Golf
Oakland Golf
Oakland Golf
Pasadena Country......
San Rafael Golf
San Rafael Golf
San Francisco Golf
Los Angeles Country...
43
46
46
4S
50
49
50
49
48
54
64
50
43
53
57.
52
51
*
44
48
45
46
49
51
53
53 .
j 49
46-
53
51
51
48
! 53.
60
54
42
43
48.
62
46 "
47
51
43
55
51
49
50'
55 -
51
49
56
49 -
47
50
49
44
48
43
46
51
61
>53
49
56
53
56 ,
52
53
•
176
187
188
190
133
195
, 200
201
203
204
205
207
- 207
210
211
213
First
Round.
Second
Round.
Third
Round.
Fourth
Round.
COMPETITORS.
Club.
Total.
H. M. Sears........
John Lawson
E. R. Folger .....'.
W. Frederickson...
J. F. Sartori.
R. H. Hay Chapman..
Arthur Goodall
R. M. Fitzgerald
J. W. Byrne
H. C. Gotcher ..
J. A. Folger....
W. P. Johnson
P.' E. Bowles Jr
J. S. Cravens
J. J. Crooks
R. G. Brown
C. R. Winslow
H. Gaylord Wllshlre. . .
Los Angeles Country...
San Francisco Golf
Oakland Golf
Los Angeles Country.;.
Lcs Angeles Country...
Los Angeles Country. ••
Oakland Golf
Oakland Golf."
San Francisco Golf
San Francisco Golf.....
Oakland Golf
Oakland Golf
Oakland Golf
Pasadena Country......
San Rafael Golf
San Rafael Golf
San Francisco Golf
Los Angeles Country...
43
46
46
4S
50
49
50
49
48
54
64
50
43
53
57.
52
51
*
44
48
45
46
49
51
53
53 .
j 49
46-
53
51
51
48
! 53.
60
54
42
43
48.
62
46 "
47
51
43
55
51
49
50'
55 -
51
49
56
49 -
47
50
49
44
48
43
46
51
61
>53
49
56
53
56 ,
52
53
•
176
187
188
190
133
195
, 200
201
203
204
205
207
- 207
210
211
213
300000000000000000000000000 00 000000000000000000000000000
A HOW A CANDLESTICK 7
|\ SAVED MY LIFE. M
OOOl / OOC
ooo \ BY CARL KRAMER. / oo °
oooo \ • ' ¦ /»ooc
oooo \ ~ ' ¦+ I o.o ° c
DOOO \ ¦ / OOOC
O O O O O \ ' .'.i~ ¦':'¦' /OOOC
Z° o ° o ° o ° o \ IS A WOMAN'S TESTIMONY AS / SSSS§
ooggSg\ TRUSTWORTHY AS A MAN'S? / llllll
OOOOOOoX - . • * '¦''--•*' ''¦ ¦ * "•'- 4 '"- ; -' I /nS° 0000
OOOOOOO \ t / Z,n OOOClC
OOOOOOOV • / n%° ° ° ° °
SSSSSSSsA HOW MRS. SMITH, WIFE OF h>zl° ol ° 11
liilliiiV the borax king, will / sfslliii
SSSSSSSS- \ KEEP MAYDAY. / HfSSSSS
oooooooo \ . ¦-..'¦ / °£°Ooooo
oooooooo \ ¦ . . tm £ gggggggj
THE SUNDAY CALL
_APRIL THE TWENTY-EIGHTH™
oooooooo r .. ¦!•
oooooooo / >v oooooooo
Ililllll / SUMMER- GOWNS V Illiliii
Sggggggg / AND HOW TO WEAR THEM. \ SSSSSSSS
oooooooo/ \00000600
ooooooo" / \ oooooooo
o-o o o o o o / • .1-1"- .1 . \~ooooooc
oooOooo /- , . \ ooooooc
Sggggg 0 /' THE MAKING OF A CARDINAL KllHoH
OOO Ooo '/ - \ OOOOOc
o o o o o o / ' \ o o o o o o
OOOOo/ - \OOOOOc
lllrl THE LIFE OF \ ilggs
%%%%./; GEORGE H. PHILLIPS, THE COBN KING. \ SSSS
OOO" I \OOOc
ooo / - " ¦ 'J \"ooo
OOOl. ' \ OOo
OO / ' \ O O o
ffp HOW GIfiLS ARE \P
y MADE ATHLETIC AT STANFOfiD. V
lilliHg|gig°i!I°iilllllI|gil||g|°gI|||gg||||||o||||||||Colon Arrives From Panama.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Mariposa arrived on schedule time from
Honolulu yesterday. She brought a large
cargo, 122 cabin and eighty-two second
cabin and steerage passengers. Those
who came up in the cabin were:
J. Moore and wife, Mr. Buenmann, Mr. John
son. S. A. ITonsarrat, Mrs. Campbell and two
children. Mrs. A. Relchard. Miss C. L. Smith,
J. EL Wilson and wife, Mrs. H. E. Cook, Miss
Grace Cook. MIes Edna Gunn, Mrs. Hevilajid,
Sirs. W. M. Kincaid and child, Mrs. C. A.
Graham and two children. Miss Clara. Cum
mins, Miss Esther Cummins, Mrs. C. J. Fishel
end two daughters, Mis« Mary Alexander, Miss
K. Graydon, F. J. Hart and wife, Miss L.
Eager. Mrs. Carnes. E. E. McKenzie, E. S.
Van Slyke, Charles Sutton. E. J. Benjamin,
G. F. Fanning, John M. Bright, Mrs. C S.
Barnez, Miss Alice- Campbell, W. R. Douglass
and wife. Mrs. Hyde ard daughter, Mrs. Fan
r.le Stockbridge, Mr. and Mrs. Otto Isenbers,
two children and servant. Miss A. Campbell
and nurse. Mrs. J. A. Campbell and two chil
dren. Marion Valette, Mrs. E. Bailey. L. G.
Xelvllle, John Waterhouse, C. H. Ramsey,
Thonias Hughes and wife, Miss M. Preston,
Mrs. J. T. Tripp. H. D. Wishard, V.'. A.
Schenk. F. J. Owens. Mrs. C. Craddock. Ethel
Craddock, Mr. and Mrs. Faye, Miss Lindsay
end five children, G. H. Hind, Dr. Carmlchael,
D. V,'. Stevens, A. S. Armulb, Miss B. I.
Eenison and two Deniaon children, "W. Morris,
G. P. Den'son. H. Tailing, wife and two chil
dren. J. F. Fennell and son, W. A. Johnston.
J. A. Buch, E. H. Austin and two children.
W. R. YThltley, "W. EL W'arfield, C. H. Blge
lcw and wife, G. TV. Reichard and wife. A.
McXally. A. L. Young, H. H. Strombergrer,
W. IX Hodge, Dr. C. A. Glover. V. Haskeil.
P. Schneider, "Walter Adams, F. H. Messen.
J. F. Kumburg.
Among the passengers on the Mariposa
was Dr. Carmichael, who comes ' here to
relieve Dr. Kinyoun as United States
Quarantine Officer.
The Mariposa brings the news of the ar
rival of the American ship Henry Failing
at Kahulul. The Failing left New York
for Hawaii nearly a year aero. Last July
Fhe put into Port Stanley. Falkland
Islands, leaking and with the crew sick.
It -w as not until December 3a that she got
away from that unhospitable shore and
then" it took her 104 days to make her port.
Home a Crowd of Passengers.
A FLEET of vessels Is being: over
hauled and made ready for sea In
Oakland Creek. Schooners and
steamers that have been on the
rocks and others that have been
Samaged In heavy weather are being
made as good as new, while one craft is
seing changed from a money-maker into a
jarrier of the gospel. The old schooner
5a.rrie and Annie has been purchased by
;he American Board of Foreign Missions
tnd in a few weeks she will sail for the
Carolines and Marquesas. She Is now
at Hay & Wright's yards having: new
sabins put in and her seams recalked.
The Carrie and Annie has had a varied
career. She was built in 1SS5 at Essex,
Me., and for a while was used as a yacht.
Borne years later she was sold to a party
of Gloucester fishermen and for years
the carried her catch to the Boston mar
tet. When the Klondike fever broke out
she was purchased by a party of gold
hunters and fitted out for a voyage to San
FranciECO. She arrived here on July 28,
IE38. and later was sailed to St. Michael.
Bho was sold at the latter port and her
new owners sent her on a codnsnmg
cruise. Then she was a sealer and last
year was again sent north with gold
hunters. Since her return from Nome she
has been laid up in Oakland Creek. Now
ehe Is to be sent to the islands of the
South Seas to aid in spreading the gospeL
The steamer Iaqua, that went on Dux
bury Reef, and the gasoline schooner Bar
bara Hernster. that was ashore at Men
docino. are nearly ready for sea again.
The latter has had an entire new bottom
put in and new deckhouses built. She
will go in the Nome trade for Charles D.
Lane. The Iaqua has been almost entire
ly rebuilt and will be ready for her new
boilers in a few days. The steam
FChoor.er Cella, which has been out of
commission for a long time, is also being
overhauled and will be ready for sea In a
few dsys.
The Dora, Sadie and Portland of the
Alaska Commercial Company's fleet are
being got ready for the Nome trade and
will sail on schedule time.
The Alutak, a new tender for the Alaska
Packers' Association, and the Kona, a new
four-masted schooner for Martin Sanders,
are nearing completion at Hay &
Wright's. The Alutak Is 107 feet over all,
26 feet beam and 10 feet deep, while the
Kona is 204 feet over all, 3S feet 6 Inches
beam and 14 feet deep.
ARRIVAL OF THE MABIPOSA.
Oceanic Company's Mail Boat Brings
FLEET OF VESSELS IS BEING MADE
READY FOR SEA IN OAKLAND CREEK
TO SAIL.
The- rector concluded with calling for
hochs for the Emperor, which were vig
orously given. The Emperor shook hands
with the rector and greeted several other
persons. His Majesty, the Crown Prince
and the suite subsequently joined In a
procession to the gate of the university
and left amid the hochs of the townsoeo
ple and students. There was a grand con
cert this eveninc
The • Crown Prince then entered his
name upon the register and the rector
grasped his hand and greeted him as the
yfcungest member of the university, at the
same time expressing the wish that he,
like his father, would unite serious duty
with the buoyant spirits of youth.
The matriculation- ceremony took place
in the -presence of a brilliant company of
military officers, civil officials, university
authorities and clergymen. Emperor Wil
liam and the Crown Prince stood at a
table on which was the roll of the uni
versity and the Prince's card of member
ship. Professor Lavalette welcomed" the
Emperor and referred to the years his
Majesty spent at Bonn and the brilliancy
with which he had fulfilled the bright
hopes of which he had elven promise as
a youth. The strong arm of the Emperor,
said Rector Lavalette, secured Germany's
frontiers and the German flag waved over
all the seas. Art, science, trade and com
merce flourished under the wise protec
tion of their genial Emperor. Just as the
Emperor as a student had won the hearts,
of all so would the Crown Prince soon
learn how truly and warmly all hearts
beat in unison with his.
BONN,*Aprll 24.— Emperor "William and
Crown Prince Frederick arrived here
this morning to attend the Crown Prince's
matriculation at .the university. They
drove to the Schaumberg Palace amid the
cheers of the populace and the ringing
of the church bells.
Crown Prince Frederick
Enters. Bonn Uni
versity.
WILLIAM'S SON
IS A COLLEGIAN
THURSDAY. APRIL 25,
Duncan E. ; McKinlay Sworn In.-
Duncan E. '- McKinlay, ,. the newly ap
pointed, second assistant United States
Attorney, took the oath of office yesterday
before United States District Judge de
Haven, who took occasion to compliment
him upon his entry upon official life.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tide?, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey ! Charts, except when a.
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and " then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters. ¦-' v, .
$10 33, Sari Francisco to Los Angeles, for
first ¦ cabin* pjfissage. including meals and
berth. Onlyxtwenty-six hours en route.
Steamer • Santa" Rosa or Queen , from
Broadway, "wharf every Sunday and
Wednesday, stopping only at Santa Bar
bara. Pacific Coast Steamship •Company,"
office 4 New Montgomery street, under
Palace Hotel. 1 ; ' . ; ; -V^';
Low RatesTT-Inaproved Service.
Sun rises ' - 5.31
Sun sets !".!!;6 : 54
Moon sets (first quarter) o-64 a, m ¦
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide Is the same at both places'
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent
. An old bachelor says the man who mar
rise gives < to nothing^ a habitation and a
name.. 1 .
BANDON— Arrived April 24— Schr Confianza,
for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived April 24-Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, from Eureka.
Sailed April 24 — Br stmr Monmouthshire, for
St Vincent.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived April 24— Schr
Jennie Wand, hence April 13; Br snip Drum
craiff, from Vancouver.
Sailed April 24 — Echr James Rolph, for Suva,
FIJI.
FORT BRAGG-Sailed April 24— Stmr Se
quoia, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 21— Schr Sadie,
from Umpqua River.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 24— Br
ship Drummulr, hence . April 14; schr Joseph
Rufe, from Salinas Cruz.
SEATTLE— Sailed April 23— Stmrs Victorian
and Farallon. for Skaguay.
Arrived April 23— Schr Fred E Sander, from
Port Townsend.
ISLAND PORTS.
MAHUKONA— Arrived April 12— Schr O M
Kellorr, hence March 29. . . ¦
Sailed April 9— Brig Galilee, for. San Fran
cisco. * .
KAHULUI— Arrived April 13— Ship Henry
Failing-, from New York.
' HONOLULU — Arrived April 9 — Br stmr
Aoranci. from Sydney; U S stmr Buford, hnc
Aprfl 1: bark Mohican, hence March 27; bark
Big Bonanza, from Newcastle, Aus. April 10—
Ektn Encore, from Newcastle, " Aus. April 11 —
Schr Wamona. from Grays Harbor. April 12 —
Schr Inca, from Newcastle, Aus: schr Manila,
from Newcastle, Aus. April 13— Bktn Ortega,
from Newcastle, Aus: stmr Marlposa, hence
April 6; U S stmr Kilpatrick, hence April S;
Br Etmr MIowera. from Victoria: bktn Klikl
tat. from Port Ludlow. April J4— Schr Jessie
Minor, from Eureka; ship S D Carlton. from
Tacoma: bark Diamond Head, hence March
30. April I? — Jap stmr Hongkong Maru. hence
April 9. April 16 — Stmr Aztec, hence April 7.
Sailed ADrll 9— Bark Albert, for San Fran
cisco, via Lahaina. April 10— H B M stmr
Icarus, for Esquimau; bark Alden Besse, for
Ea.n Francisco. April 11 — Stmr Garonne, for
Pan Francisco. April 12— U S Btmr Buford,
for Manila, via Guam. April 13— Br stmr Mio
wera, for Sydney. April 16— Jap stmr Hong
kong Maru, for Yokohama. April 16— Br stmr
Aztec, for Manila: bark. Himalaya, for San
Francisco; bktn W H DImond. for San Fran
clsco. via Hilo. Ship Arthur Sewall sails
about April 17 for New York. April 13— Bark
Caylon, for Laysan Island. April 12— Bktn
Archer, for San Francisco. April 8 — Ship 'John
C Potter, for Puret Sound.
HANA— Sailed April 6— Schr Helen N Kim- j
ball, for San Francisco. y
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 24— Stmr Michi
gan, from Cojon.
Sailed April 24— Stmr Alllanca, for Colon.
BOSTON— Sailed April 23— Stmr Pleiades, for
Umpqua. River.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ALCOA BAY— Arrived March 28— Br bark St
Marys Bay, from Tacoma.
HONGKONG -r Sailed " Aaril 23— Jap stmr
couver.
Sailed April 24— Br ship Buteshire, for
Queenstown.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, April 24.
Stmr Colon, Mackinnon, days from Pa
nama, etc.
Stmr Washtenaw, Zoning, 93 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, 68 hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Maxiposa, Rennie, 6 days 11 hours from
Honolulu.
Stmr Mandalay, Reed, hours from Co
qulle River, via Crescent City 32 hours.
Stmr W H Kruffer, Krogr, 68 hours from Til
, larnook; bound south; put in to land pessen
gers.
Stmr North • Fork, McLellan, 24 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson. 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Newsboy, Ohlstrom, 63 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr "Westport, Ericsson, 46 hours from San
Pedro.
Ger ship Osoma, Albrand, 29 days from Santa
Rosalia.
Schr Transit. Jorgensen, 10 days from Port
Had lock.
Schr Compeer, Larsen, 10 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Mary Buhne, Dannevig, SVi days from
Eureka.
Schr Newark, Beck, 9 hours from Fort Ross.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. April 24.
Stmr Garonne, McFarland, Seattle; U S Gov
ernment.
Ship Star of Russia, Burgess, Karluk; Alaska
Packers' Association.
Ship Columbia, Mattson, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Association.
SAILED.
Wednesday, April 24.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Scotia, WaJvlg, Rockport.
Stmr W H Kru&er, Krog, San Pedro.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nicolson, Port Harford.
Stmr Ruth, Higgins, »
Stmr National City, Dettmers. .
Stmr- Garonne, McFarland, Seattle.
Ship Isaac Reed, Holmquist, Bristol Bay.
Bark Willscott, Macloon, Bristol Bay.
Bark Electra. Peterson. Alltak.
Schr Olga, Johnson, Port Townsend.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Hunting, Stewarts
Point.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
SPOKEN.
April 23. lat 85 54 N, Ion 128 04 W— Br ship
Kate Thomas, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
April 7, lat 8 N, Ion 35 W— Br ship Crompton,
hence Dec 30, for Queenstown.
April 6, lat 8 IC, Ion 30 W — Br ship .Croco
dile, hence Dec 28, for Liverpool, i
April 10, lat 3 N, Ion 30 W— Ger bark Eil
bek. from Oregon, for Queenstown.
Per Br ship Ladakh— April 3, lat 10 40 N,
Ion 122 56 W, Br ship Colony, from Oregon, for
United Kincdom.
April 19. lat 32 58 N, Ion 26 27 W— Br ship
Sierra Segura, from Iqulque, for J — .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 24, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived April 24— Stmr Alliance,
from Portland; stmr Pomona, hence April 23;
tug Geo R Vosberg, with barge C H Wheeler
in tow. hence April 20; stmr Pasadena, from
San Pedro.
Sailed Ai>ril 24 — Stmr Fulton, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Noyo, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived April 24— Nor stmr Tyr,
from Shanghai; schr R W Bartlett, from Van-
prior to arrival to load wheat for Europe: The
Ladakh, at 38s; the Martha, 36s 3d; the Van
duara, 36s 9d; the Thlrimere, 40s, at Portland.
The 'Jabez Howes will load coal at Tacoma for
Honolulu.
Shipping Intelligence.
America Maru, for San Francisco: Br ship
Madae-ascar, for Oregon.
LEARD- Passed April 24— Br ship Hutton
Hall, hence Dec 25, for Queenstown.
LONDON— Arrived April 23— Br stmr Glen
farj. from Tacoma.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed April 23— Bark
Sea King, for Honolulu.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed April 24— Br stmr Cop
tic, for San Francisco.
NANAIMO— Sailed April - 23— Whaling etmr
Fearless, for whaling cruise.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived -April 24— Stmr Ar
menian, from Genoa, etc; stmr Teutonic, from
Liverpool and Queenstown.
Sailed April 24— Stmr Oceanic, for Liverpool;
stmr St Louis, for Southampton; stmr Lahn,
for Bremen, via Southampton; stmr Kensing
ton, for Antwerp.
MANILA— Arrived April 22— Stmr Klntuck,
from Portland, Or, via Honolulu.
LONDON-Arrlved April 23-Stmr Glenfarg,
from Tacoma, via Nagasaki, etc.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived April 24 — Stmr
Deutschland. from New York, for Hamburg,
via Cherbourg.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 24— Stmr Ma
jestic, for Liverpool.
Sailed April 24— Stmr Saxonia, from Liver
pool, for Boston.
NAGASAKI— Arrived 9pril 24— Stmr Moyune,
from Tacoma, via Suez, etc. ¦ .
GIBRALTAR— Sailed April 24— Stmr Werra,
from Genoa and Naples, for New York.
LIZARD— Parsed April 24— Stmr Pretoria,
from New York, 'for Plymouth, Cherbourg and
Hamburg. '
CHERBOURG — Arrived April 24 — Stmr
Deutschland, from New York, for Plymouth
and Hamburg, and proceeded.
BOSTON— Sailed April 24— Stmr New , Eng
land, for Liverpool, via Queenstown.
HALIFAX— Arrived April 24— Stmr Lauren
tian, from Glasgow and Liverpool, via Lon
donderry, for New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived April 24 — Stmr
Belgenland, from Liverpool.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived April 24— Stmr Pre
toria, from New York, for Cherbourg and
Hamburs, and proceeded.
Steamer Movements.
MISSIONARY SCHOONER CARRIE AND ANNIE THAT HAS BEEN IN
TURN YACHT, FISHING BOAT, SEALER AND HAS CARRIED GOLD
HUNTERS TO THE KLONDIKE AND NOME.
Tacoma, Wash.— Des Chutes Oil Company,
with a capital .of $1,000,000; place of business,
Tacoma. Incorporators— J. M. Keen, D. D. Cal
kins ct al. . • '
Spokane, Wash.— Wisconsin Oil Company, by
J. E. Woodley, J. W. .Oakes, N. Bangs et al.
Capital, $75,000. '
• Napa, Cal.— Morgan Valley OH Company, by
J. Moore, J. ¦ C. Ansel, H. Mortensen et al.
Capital, $200,000. • ' < -
. Star and Crescent OH Company, by H. J.
Lewelling, D. E. Osborn, F. We^ston et al. Capi
tal, $500,000. •
Colossal Oil Company. 'with a capital of $500,
000. Directors— C. Llnkenbach, J. A. Chanslor.
E A. Canfleld etal. ¦. .
Bakersfield— Monarch Oil Company, with a
capital of $500,000; place of business, Arizona,
with branch offices in San Francisco and Ba
kersfield. Directors— A. W. Lehoke, J. H. Scott
et al. ¦ ¦ ¦¦ » '¦ - ' - - ' •
Oro Fino Oil Company, with a capital of $50,
000. Directors— H. . HV Schiller, J. E. Fulton,
C. S.' Pelle et al.
The following named oil companies have
been recently incorporated: , '
New Companies Formed.
The Bakersfield California^-, says that
the company that has recently been or
ganized to furnish water to the McKitt
rlck, Sunset and Midway districts ¦will
have a supply for all those sections. , The
magnitude of the undertaking is indicated
by the fact that the main pipes, if the
entire scheme is carried out, will extend
at least twenty-five miles and the water
will have to be elevated 750 feet.
Two days before the expiration of the option
Bob telegraphed his trusted, brother on the
spot that the deal would be- closed the fol
lowing morning and that he . would telegraph
cash immediately. Alas, for the uncertainties
of fate and human depravity, the money was
never Bent. On the eve before the great event
in the career of Rader brothers,- and -while
faithful Bob lay dreaming vivid golden dreams
in the little out-of-the-way Missouri town, the
cashier bt the only bank in the place was
realizing on the cash on deposit. • Quietly and
without so much as a farewell, he slipped out
of town with something like $60,000 hidden in
a grip. Unfortunately for the would-be in
.vestors and the enterprising Rader brothers,
the cashier never returned, and the residents
of the little Missouri town were forced to face
a financial famine' that put oil speculation
quite out of their reach. Since that eventful
failure the Rader brothers have scratched all
entries to oil propositions, believing their field
is In another direction.
The Los Angeles Times tells a hard luck
story that explains why the Rader broth
ers of Bakersfield failed to go into the oil
business. One of the brothers went to
Missouri -and there found 1-eady 'capital
in the shape of bank deposits to secure
an option on certain lands. The 'Story
continues: ; . . . ' *
Save an Odd Experience.
According to the Santa Paula Chroni
cle, Messrs. Norrls and Newell and their
associates of San Francisco have pur
chased the controlling interest In. the
holdings of the Santa Paula Gravity Oil
Company with land in Timbrel Canyon
and will at once proceed to sink wells. /
Through' the local field yesterday scarcely
anything was being talked of by the producers
aside from the efforts now ' on to bring: the
price of oil to the dollar mark, and the produc
ers seem ready to join with enthusiasm in .the
work. A few of the companies have not been
selling of late on account of the low price,
and a number of other companies are prepar
ing to store their product for a time, there
having grown up Mn the last rew days a gen
eral faith In the advance of price at an early
date. The fact that a number of* companies
have laid their drilling rigs aside will very
soon reduce the production materially through
the regulation shrinkage In each well during
the first few months it is pumped.. V
'.The Los Angeles Herald says that some
of the Los Angeles companies have not
been selling oil lately because of the low
price, and adds: .
The Santa Fe Company will double its
force of drillers in the Kullerton field.
Grading has been begun By the company
for Its thirty-first well., -
Alexander- Morrison' reports concerning
the San Ardo district, in Monterey Coun
ty, that the Tomboy oil well Is down 1160
feet; that the Normal 9truck water in Its
first well and is preparing to move back
to a favorable locality for drilling.
Work in Districts.
The committee ; of the oil producers,
which has been : considering t plans for
some form of co-operation among the va
rious sections and all the owners of the
wells, held another meeting in this city
yesterday afternoon, but the members re
ported that they were not yet in position
to tell what they did.* They are hopeful
that the agreement,' when it is finally
adopted, ' will be what .is needed for the
common protection of the interests of the
oil men of the ¦ State- and are taking a
good deal of time that the matter may
be considered in all its bearings. While
this Is • going on, a rumor is circulating
in Bakersfleld that a syndicate is forming
to construct a pipe line from the Kern
River district to tide water. "The opera
tors, of the several fields in the county,"
so runs the rumor, "are to be solicited
to agree. to give their business to the lino
In case it is ever laid, the shipping charge
to be 20 cents. In the event that suffi
cient support is guaranteed the laying of
the pipe will begin." "
"The man -with the speculative turn of
mind," says the Los Angeles Times, "will
be given a chance on the floor of the Los
Angeles Stock Exchange. At a meeting
of the membership the open house policy
was adopted, and henceforth margin ac
count trading will afford inducement for
speculative flyers. There was not a dis
senting voice registered against this class
of trading and the plan went through
with a rush. Under the new system brok
ers will be able to trade in. oil stocks by
putting up 10 per cent of their value."
Los Angeles Seeks to Have
Price Fixed , at . $ 1 ' a
JLJCwX X \J±m * - - '
Syndicate 'May Solve
the Oil-Carrying
Problem.
PLANS TO LAY
A LINE OF PIPE
The Speaker replied briefly, thanking
the regents for. their courtesy and promis
ing -that" although he lived a "long dis
tance from the, seatof the war" he would
be as faithful as possible in attendance
and Interest.:- .'¦ ¦
We are glad to welcome you, and hope that
you will take the same deep and affectionate
interest in the affairs of the . university that
your predecessor ¦ did. .: •-, . .
Speaker Pendleton attended the meet
ing and was introduced by Regent Rodg
ers. General Barnes, who was In the
chair, said: .
' I am convinced we ought to follow Director
Campbell's advice. He Is a conservative man
and a very great man, destined to stand at the
head of his profession in this country.
¦ The Lick Observatory budget as recom
mended by the committee and president
was adopted. It includes an increase in
the salary of Assistant Astronomer C. D.
Perrine from $1500 to $1600; in that of As
sistant Astronomer R. G. Aitl«en from
$l*>00 to $1300; in that of Assistant Astron
omer W H. Wrisht from $1200 to $1300;
the appointment of H. M. Reese, now a
fellow to an instructorship at- $800; the
appointment of R. H. Curtis to the va
cant fellowship .at $600, and the appro
priation of $1000 for the salary of an in
strument maker, instead of tfwo.the usual
appropriation. • •
The' new salary list Is $21,440, as against
$21 220 for last year. The salary of an as
tronomer paid Professor Campbell before
his promotion to the directorship, $2400, is
saved by the non-appointment of the as
tronomer.- Director. Campbell's recom
mendation that no new appointments be
made and the salary saved- be devoted to
increase of all salaries to the old scale
was not followed. Regent Barnes said in
this connection: ..', . :-., ..' .
Lick Observatory Budget.
"That involves a. very important ques
tion," Regent Rodgers said. . "I am op
posed to shouldering any greater burden
for the support of the medical college.
If the department is necessary, let. it be
established, so that the work shall be
done as a part of the university, curricu
lum, and not in the medical college."
Regent Hough ton said there would not
be a voice raised against Presiuent
"Wheeler's recommendation if it were not
for the impression that it would be the
entering wedee to saddle the entire ex
pense of the support of the affiliated col
leges upon the university funds.
On motion of Regent Rodgfers, the rec
ommendation was referred to the com
mittee on the status of the medical de
partment to report at the . May meeting
some plan by which the' proposed depart
ment of anatomy might be established at
Berkeley rather than at the medical col
lege.
Among those to whom the criticisms by
the regents would apply are the follow
ing "named: Dr. John M. "Williamson,
president of the Board of 'Health, who
is professor of anatomy and lecturer on
surgery in the medical college; Dr. Louis
Bazet, police surgeon and professor of
gynecology: Dr. T. B. "W. Leland, Coro
ner and professor of .internal medicine,
and Dr.-Washlngton Dodge, Assessor and
professor of therapeutics.
The medical college was brought Into
the line of fire by President Wheeler's
recommendation that a department of
anatomy be established, to consist of a
professor on a salary of ?3000 or $3500 and
probably two assistants on salaries that
would bring the cost of the department
up to $5000 per year. President Wheeler
said that the department of physiology
in the university was already on a good
footing, and pathology was well cared for
in the medical department. To lock .this
work together and give proper scientific
foundation for medical education . a de
partment of anatomy should be estab
lished. ,
Questions by Regent Rodgers developed
the fact that for the present the work
of the professor of anatomy would have
to be done at the medical college.
Professors in Hine of Fire.
Regent "Waymire suggested that the res
olution might apply to such cases as that
of Professor Moses, who Is on leave of
absence, serving as a member of the
Philippine I Commission. The resolution
was referred to a committee consisting
of Regents Waymire, Budd and Foster,
to report at the May meeting upon Its
scope and application;- - .-¦ .... ..
It is the duty of the regents to give loyal
support to the medical college and to attempt
the correction of any faults that may^axist in
It along certain lines. Some of its professors
have used their names In connection with po
litical parties and political- offices. I do not
believe that any of them should be connected
in any such manner with any political party.
I have heard it said that the medical college
was weak and that the weakness was due to
the professors. We are supposed now to pass
upon the qualifications of professors In that
department, and if we are to make the medical
college a credit to the State and the university
the sooner we start to clean out the stables the
better.
Mr. Foster said in this connection
Resolved. That the professors of the uni
versity shall hold no office which shall violate
or tend to violate the above provision of the
constitution, or which shall be inconsistent
with the efficient prosecution of their duties
as such professors or shall be prejudicial to the
best interests of the university.
Whereas, The constitution of the State of
California provides that the Unlvarslty of Cali
fornia "shall be entirely Independent of all
political or sectarian influence, and kept free
therefrom, in the administration of its affairs."
The resolution offered by Regent Foster
was as follows: .
Political Offices Tabooed.
I am pleased to know that President Gllman
when he took hold of the University of Cali
fornia saw the need for better medical educa
tion, as I do now. ¦:. He realized his ideals, but
in Baltimore, not here. He did for Johns Hop
kins University what he would have done for
California— he built up the strongest medical
college in the United States, if not in the
world.
President W^heeler also gently chided
the regents for the silurlanism of their
predecessors. He said:
The trouble has been that the Instruction lit
the medical college has been taken up by prac
titioners to get the entree into wards of hos
pitals and to get their names printed as mem
bers of the medical faculty.
• President Wheeler himself was severe
in his criticism of the department during
the afternoon-. He was speaking of the
need of the State for better education in
medicine and of his desire to strengthen
the scientific work in the university and
the curriculum and instruction of the
medical college. In the course of his re
marks he said:
., A recommendation by President "Wheel
er for the establishment of a department
of anatomy was refused Immediate adop
tion until it should he assured that the
work of the professor would not be der
voted to the medical college. A resolu
tion offered by Regent A. "WV Foster and
directed against these same members of
the medical faculty who have political
ambitions was referred to a committee
instead of being immediately adopted only
because there was fear that it might be
too broad in its application.
The medical department of the Univer
sity of California was under fire at the
meeting of the Board of Regents yester
day afternoon. There was plenty of criti
cism for the affiliated college, Its stand
ards and the attitude of some of Its "po
litical professors," and no regent raised
his voice in defense of the assailed school.
President Wheeler Says Sys
tem Is Wrong in That
4 Department.
Regents Find Fault With
Office-Holding Pro
fessors. '
MEDICAL SCHOOL
AND POLITICIANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APKIL, 25, .1901.
TO ARRIVE.
1TEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The following vessels have been chartered
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship
Colon, arrived from Panama and way
ports yesterday with 1600 tons of freight
and the following cabin passengers: Al
bert Nlgruit. Charles McGill, John F. Nel
son. Louis Lorsen. A. Stahl, Irving Stahl,
Ed J. Leary. Julio and Minna. Bilak, Max
imo Bilak. Mariano, Maria and Josefa
Beroge, H. Eldridge. Ruth Thompson,"
Abel Birtwistle and Alex Novell.
The Colon is to be withdrawn from the
Panama trade and will carry Porto Ricana
from Port Los Angeles to Hawaii for
work on the sugar plantations.
5
Steamer.
Destination.
(Sails.! Pier.
April 25.
Arcata Coos Bay 4 cm Pier 11
Doric China & Japan.... 1 ?S PMSS
* ain . ler " l eattl tr & N- What 2 pm Pier 2
pear Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
April 2G.
Empire Coos Bay 10 amPlprii
Mandalay.... Coquille River .... 4 pin Pie? 2
CityPuebia.. Pu^et Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
April 27.
T^ewburg Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Mariposa Honolulu 2 mnP er 7
North Fork... Humboldt Sampler 2
farina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Alliance Ptlnd & Coos Bay. 5 pm Pier —
£ u , lton ; Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier -
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
South Coast.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Australia Tahiti direct pi er ?
Pomona... Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
G. W. Elder.. Astoria. & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa... San Diego". 9 am Pier 11
April 2J>.
S. Portland.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 13
San Juan Panama & Way Pt 12 m PMSS
April 30.
Tanls Hamburg & "Way pier 27
Bonlta. . . . Newport 9 am Pier 11
Coronado Grays Harbor ..Pier 2
, Mny 1.
Queen...: San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Dora Nome via Seattle Pier —
Steamer.
From.
Due,
Washtenaw Tacoma Apr. 2
Fulton Humboldt Apr. 2
G. W. Elder — Portland and Astoria.'. Apr. 2
Santa Rosa...'.. San Diego Apr. 2
Point Arena Point Arena Apr. 2
San Pedro Humboldt Apr. 2
South Coast Humboldt Apr. 2
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Apr. 2
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Apr. 2
Acme TMamook Bay Apr. 2
Pomona Humboldt Apr S
Victoria Comox Apr. 2
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay Apr. 2
South Portland Tacoma Apr. 2
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.... Apr. 2
Curacao Mexican Ports Apr. 2
Peru Valparaiso via Panama Apr. 2
Mackinaw Seattle .-. Apr 2
Queen San Diego : Apr. 2
Bonlta Newport Apr 2
Sierra... Sydney & Way Ports.. Apr. 2
Crescent City.-. Crescent City Apr 2
Eureka Humboldt Apr' 2
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Apr! 3
Arcata Coos Bay Apr 3
Coronado San Pedro Apr 3
Matteawan Tacoma Apr 3
Peru Panama & Way Ports Apr". 3
Corona Newport |May
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
H W, £ L \V H W L W
25 ... 4:16 5.0 11:11 0.2 6:21 5.0 11-52 2^
26... 5:31 4.7 12:09 0.5 7:14 5.2.
L. W H TV L. W H W '""
27 ... 1:03 2.4 6:47 4.E 1:01 0.8 756 5 3
2S ... 2:00 1.9 8:00 4.5 1:55 1.1 8-39 55
29... 2:50 1.4 9:03 4.5 2:40 1.4 9:16 55
SO ... 3:32 1.0 10:00 4.6 3:15 1.7 9:50 5 6
1 ... 4:05 0.7 10:49 4.6 3:49 2.0 1020 5>
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
H W, £ L \V H W L W
25 ... 4:16 5.0 11:11 0.2 6:21 5.0 11-52 2^
26... 5:31 4.7 12:09 0.5 7:14 5.2.
L. W H TV L. W H W '""
27 ... 1:03 2.4 6:47 4.E 1:01 0.8 756 5 3
2S ... 2:00 1.9 8:00 4.5 1:55 1.1 8-39 55
29... 2:50 1.4 9:03 4.5 2:40 1.4 9:16 55
SO ... 3:32 1.0 10:00 4.6 3:15 1.7 9:50 5 6
1 ... 4:05 0.7 10:49 4.6 3:49 2.0 1020 5>
Steamer.
Destination.
(Sails.! Pier.
April 25.
Arcata Coos Bay 4 cm Pier 11
Doric China & Japan.... 1 ?S PMSS
* ain . ler " l eattl tr & N- What 2 pm Pier 2
pear Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
April 2G.
Empire Coos Bay 10 amPlprii
Mandalay.... Coquille River .... 4 pin Pie? 2
CityPuebia.. Pu^et Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
April 27.
T^ewburg Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
Mariposa Honolulu 2 mnP er 7
North Fork... Humboldt Sampler 2
farina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Alliance Ptlnd & Coos Bay. 5 pm Pier —
£ u , lton ; Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier -
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
South Coast.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Australia Tahiti direct pi er ?
Pomona... Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
G. W. Elder.. Astoria. & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa... San Diego". 9 am Pier 11
April 2J>.
S. Portland.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 13
San Juan Panama & Way Pt 12 m PMSS
April 30.
Tanls Hamburg & "Way pier 27
Bonlta. . . . Newport 9 am Pier 11
Coronado Grays Harbor ..Pier 2
, Mny 1.
Queen...: San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Dora Nome via Seattle Pier —
Steamer.
From.
Due,
Washtenaw Tacoma Apr. 2
Fulton Humboldt Apr. 2
G. W. Elder — Portland and Astoria.'. Apr. 2
Santa Rosa...'.. San Diego Apr. 2
Point Arena Point Arena Apr. 2
San Pedro Humboldt Apr. 2
South Coast Humboldt Apr. 2
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Apr. 2
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Apr. 2
Acme TMamook Bay Apr. 2
Pomona Humboldt Apr S
Victoria Comox Apr. 2
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay Apr. 2
South Portland Tacoma Apr. 2
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.... Apr. 2
Curacao Mexican Ports Apr. 2
Peru Valparaiso via Panama Apr. 2
Mackinaw Seattle .-. Apr 2
Queen San Diego : Apr. 2
Bonlta Newport Apr 2
Sierra... Sydney & Way Ports.. Apr. 2
Crescent City.-. Crescent City Apr 2
Eureka Humboldt Apr' 2
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Apr! 3
Arcata Coos Bay Apr 3
Coronado San Pedro Apr 3
Matteawan Tacoma Apr 3
Peru Panama & Way Ports Apr". 3
Corona Newport |May
ADV ZBTISEMEUTS.
Kv e8 5vi
I am making MONEY. Are you?
Help us develop our properties and
YOU WILL. Our properties are the
Monarch, Lion, Vesuvius. Tijjcr, Wash-
ington^ Sunset Center, California Con-
solidated and others. Are , they
GOOD? Well, I guess.
JAS. R.T. MERSHON,
Dealer in Legitimate Stocks Only.
537, 538, 539.550 PARROTT BDG..6.F.
OIL -WATER.
W.-W. MONTAGUE & GO.,
MANUFACTUR3
IRON PIPE
FOR OIL WELLS, FOR IRRIGATION. FOB
POWER PLANTS. FOR MINES.
TANKS
FOR OIL. FOR WATER, FOR CTANXDB
PLANTS.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Directory
iMiOiim
Reputable
•? OIL *»
Companies:
California Fortune OH Co-
80 acres Sunset. SO acres McKlttrlck. S20 acres
In Coaling*. Now drUllss la Sunset. Limited
amount of stock at 60c Information and pros-
pectus furnished on application to E. DEN-
ICKE. Secretary, room 811 Parrott bids. 8. F.
Famoso Oil & Investment Co
LANDS IN KERN RIVER DISTRICT— Well
No. 1. pumping: over 600 barrels dally, rated
the "Klnjr" well of the district. No. 3 will
b* finished by the 10th of April— 10.000 share*
left at SO cants. Order by mail. 73 cents
after April 10. 293 Parrott building. S. F.
Investors' Assured, Stock
In a company owning producing weQ.
, 20c Per Share.
Writs or call for information.
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO.. 471 Parrott Building.
NAPA AND BERRTESSA VALLEY OH.
COMPANY— Controls 1000 acre* of U. 8. patent-
ed land in Napa County when tin finest lubri-
cating oil in California is found; stock at »
cents; prospectus furnished. S70 and 571 Parrott
building. San Francisco.
SALINAS OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.
1280 ACRES IN MONTEREY COONTT.
Well down 100 feet; small amount of treasury
•tock at 15c per share. Prospectus and map
and Information on application. J. B* OLSEN.
Eecretary. 57< Parrott building. San Francisco.
SILVER STAR OIL CO.
Lands in heart of McKittrick District, ad-
Joining' large producing wells. Small block of
stock for sale. Prospectus and Information fur-
nished at room MS S&f* Deposit Building. 33S
Montgomery st.
THE WELLINGTON
OF SUNSET— PROVEN OIL LAND.
Controls 440 acres. Are drilling. Bonn stock
Is being sold at 50c per share. Information aa<t
prospectus furnished en application. No. I.
Becntxi Floor. Mills Building. Ban Francisco
Weekly Call ( $1.00 per Year
Chicago, 111., writes tha following words
of praise for Pe- _
runa, from 973 ' •••••• • • •••••,
Cuyler avenue, "
never without ? Ej'^^^'iS^tt
Peruna, for I have ? ffjf
found during the ' > &ft^ %9^ »"
past six years f "^ "**" "SrT
that there is no f \ <**> ;¦ (
remedy that will i &A^* It mn -''\
at once alleviate « ;!3hV_ >*M ff/flfht ,
suffering and ac- 4 v &3>P{'^^ / J2\}\\\\W
tually cure, as * sr^K^SSwBVSt^
Peruna does.,, W'/ llfHfflfWwSF '
Fourbottlescom- ,, '^jfmf^*> '
pletely cured me «,_¦ '
of catarrh cf the 1 »¦¦¦«« * *******
head of several Mrs. Fred Williams,
years' standing,
and if my husband feels badly, or either
of us catch cold, we at once take Peruna.
and In a day or two it has thrown the
sickness out of the system."— 31rs. Fred-
erick Williams.
Mrs. TV. A. Allison of 759 Sheffield ave r
nue. Chicago. 111., is the Assistant Matron
of the People's
Hospital, s h e »*¦¦**¦ — ¦****¦,,
ing to say about /V£fi«i2Sa^
frequent oppor-, ¦ ¦ fj^f _ *_W(F . !
tunltles to ob- ? €&1 <^fPB
serve the won- <f jw t \ T (
derful curative 4 *^ _i. I
effects of Peru- 4 'H^. »/ /
na, especially on , , szS&rCA^ -*»*£. >s55s.
persons suffering , , Sg§S*Sfi[^58|Bfc§|S$v
with a congested a fiSfev^^^^B^
condition of the , , '
head, lungs, and , t 5^8S«3^?SSSSl' '
stomach, sener- , , *V-^"^_ .". t
ally called ca- ******* * ¦»»** ••
tarrh. It allevi- Mrs. \V. A. Allison,
ates pain and
soreness, increases the appetite and so
tones up the entire system that the pa-
tient quickly regains strength and health."
—Mrs. W. A. Allison.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna.
-write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving- a
full statement of your case, and he will
be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
vice gratis.
Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
the South Side Ladies'
Aid Society o
Most Cases of Incipient Consump-
tion are Catarrh.
Prominent members of the clergy are> giving: . Peruna their unqualified Indorse-
ment, These men find Peruna especially adapted to preserve them from catarrh
of the vocal organs, which has always been the bane of public speakers, and gen-
eral catarrhal "debility Incident to th'e sedentary life of the clergyman. Among th«
recent utterances of noted clergymen on the curative virtues, of Peruna Is the fol-
lowing one from Bishop James A. Handy, D.D., of Baltimore:
"/ take great pleasure in acknowledging the curative effects of Peruna,
At the solicitation of a friend I used your remedy and cheerfully reoom-
mend your Peruna to all who want a good tonic and a safe cure for
catarrh." — James A. Handy.
ATlir*n MrtTIDf I? fMIDCO Is called tonsllitis, or laryngitis. Catarrh
UlHtn ilUlADLL OUnLO. of the bronchial tubes is called bronchitis;
catarrh of the lungs, consamptlon. Any
- ¦ — . — internal remedy that will cure catarrh In
one location will cure it In any other loca-
AII 1 1 r"~-.-.-~J *U « n~~~m tlon. This Is why Peruna has become so
HUSDanQ hSCUDSCl tnerangS justly famous in the cure of catarrhal dis-
r . w eases. It cures catarrh, wherever locat-
of Catarrh of the Lungs. &„*& c i? r c e^e r s emaln - >eruna d0€S not
-¦ Mrs. Ff edertck "Williams. President of
"I Cheerfully Recommend Peruna to All
Who Want a Good Tonic and a
Safe Cure for Catarrh."
SAYS
BISHOP HANDY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Edward Stevens.
Mrs. Edward Stevens of Carthage, N.
T., writes as follows:
"I now take pleasure In notifying you
that my husband has entirely recovered
from catarrh. .He is a well man to-day,
thanks to you and Peruna. He took six
bottles of your medicine as directed and
It proved to be just the thing for him. Hl3
appetite is good and everything he eats
seems to agree with him. His cough has
left him and he is gaining- In flesh, and
seems to be well every way. I hope
others will try your medicine and receive
the benefits that we have."— Mrs. Edward
Stevens.
. "When the catarrh reaches the throat It
• . ._ ¦ N -M|
A COMPARISON
of our ¦work with that of others shows many
points in which ours is superior. Xo detail In
DENTAL WORK
Is Blighted. The smallest Is considered lm-
' portant enough to receive our most careful
consideration and skillful work.
CHILDREN'S TEETH
receive our particular attention.
Early treatment will prevent loss of teeth
and also much suffering:.
Teeth Regulated 77TT7. '. S5.00
Artistic Gold Fillings-. 1.00
Silver Fillings 50
Extraction 5O
Chalmers Dent¥Co., »&£»¦
I visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
{HUSEUB OF ANflTOHYi
6 C& i::i^.izzz':z:.ic:.c±t:±,z.TXiii
\ X^f The Larcett Anatomical Museum in the \
0 .^ yVi l World. Wealccesses or any contracted m
r3 S»l <i:se:« po»iti»«-ly eurodhy the oidest T
O 5S»i| ipedalist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. 0
6 $£%• I DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN i
f^^^Q Consultation fret and strictly private. \
I' / Aftf 3 Trea:ment personally or by letter. Aff
r I iV l' Bntlvt Curnr. every case undertaken. T
i\rtt II & Write for Book. rniLONOPBVof A
" I I BABRMCE, MAILED FREE. (At
J I vl it- va'uable book for men) \
W OU. JOBDAS * CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. Y
Bfi. HALL'S R£INVIG0HAT0Rp?3[E31
Five hundred reward for any WIs* 3^^
case we cannot cure. This 6ecret 5*8 "TH
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours. 5 6
cur* s £mi&sicns, Jmpotency Vaxi- Xrja f^r»
cocele. Gonorrhea. Olcet. Fits. 7^ V*^?l
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all JLtL .| *il|
wasting effects of Kelf-abuse or Etfij 2 S3
e-xees&es. fcent scaled. J2 bottle; 3 L-Zsmr&Sfsl
bottles, $5; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
flress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855
Broadway, Oakland. CaL Also for sale at 1073V4
Market st_. S. F. All private diseases quickly
p-ured. Send for free book.
APerfect Food Drink
The little folks enjoy f
the distinction of drinking
coffee— just, like mamma
and papa.
Let the table beverage be Figprune
and they can join with the family in
- partaking, of. a rich, nourishing drink made ' '
of choice figs, prunes and grain.
>v^^^V ' Healthful— invigorating—
/\'BE.ST\ nutritious.
I **MJE\MUf\LtJ Boil from 5 to 10 minutes only
\ Coffee^ all grocers sell
* : •'^^-¦- Figprune Cereal.CALIFOENIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, April 24.— The following.
Calif ornians have arrived: Ex-Corigress
man James G. Maguire of San Francisco,
at the Ebbittu A. L. Parsons of Califor
nia, Carl E. Lindsay of Santa, Cruz, Mr.
Holman of San Jose, at the Raleigh;
Colonel A. H. Bloomer of San Francisco,
at the Chamberlain. ¦
CAIilFORNIASrS IN NEW YOBIL
NEW YORK, April 24.-The» following
Calif ornians are In New York: From San
Francisco — J. Huguenin, at the St. Denis;
J. Schmitz, J. F. Valentine, J. Younp, at
the Broadway Central; L. Barchers, Mrs.
J. Bruchmann, at.the Belvedere; lliss m!
Lansing, Mrs. G. L. Lansing," at the Ev
erett; E. J. Law'ton, at the Herald Square;
AI Lewin, at the New York; Misa M. B.
Meagher, at the Holland; L. H. Watson
W. C. Watsonand wife, at the Grand'
Union; S. M. ¦ Herman,* at the Normandie.
From Los Angeles— Mrs,. M. \V. Long
street. C, E. Handy. A. Wllcox. Mrs. M
A. Wilcox, at.the Holland; C. C. Howard
and wife, at the Victoria. From San Jose
— B. J. Moore, at the Holland.,
WHAT IS MEANT.
The outs who struggle to get in
• Oft make conditions warm.
They merely mean "remodel"
When they use the word "reform."
S. A. Palmer, a Santa Cruz merchant
accompanied by his wife, is at the Grand,
: A. A. Van Voorhies, a merchant of Sac
ramento, Is at the Grand. . •
.General Fitzhugh Lee -has returned to
the city and is at the Occidental.
at the Palace. •¦• •-..-.¦ . . "..i-
R. J. Northam of Los Angeles Is regis
tered at the Palace.
.Dr. _ Benjamin A. Plant of Santa Cruz
is a euest at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
O. "W. Brothbeck of Los Angeles is at
the Palace.' ' ¦ '
G. Nlscon, a mining man of Nevada, Is
i The proposal to hold a constitutional convention in
Alabama was carried, but the total vote was so light
it hardly amounted 'to. an expression of the will of the
people: In fact, politics in that State has been so,
thoroughly cut and dried there is nothing in it to.in
terest anybody except the politicians, and even. they
The Christian Scientists : have obtained a' consider
able following in Germany, and are about to erect a
large church in" ; Berlir.; but the '.doctrines of the
Scientists are evidently i«ot understood bythe, people,
for the Kreuz Zeitung: describes; their in
Germany, as "an inroi.i of Anglo-Saxon Protestant
ism." " ¦:'¦"-' :•¦ ' .' ' ' ,.* . '
The three Phoenix thieves who stole 1 ; bar of gold
from the hiding-place where it had' b'een* "secreted by;
another thief probably felt that ; such*cprnpoundini.r
of a felony will be. winked atby the law.\ But it'would
seem that even a thief has some property rights'. -..
It his been decided by the military, authorities that
the strength of the army of the United States shall be
fixed at 76,000 men. That is just .about one soldier
¦to every 1000 'citizens, ?nd yet Mr: Bryan will - con
tinue to howl about'the menace of imperialism.'/
A suggestion of the American Bureau of Statistics
that, an effort be made to promote American ¦ com
merce by means of a floating exposition of American
products has been warmly taken *up, and it is now
announced that such an exhibit will Soon be sent out
to make a tour *6i the South American coast and from
thence to' other parts of the world. The idea is not
original with this country, for theGermans have al
ready tried the experiment. It is said an exhibition
of the kind was* organized in Hamburg two years ago,
and. the results were in' excess, of .the most sanguine
expectations. The total cost of the enterprise was
about $200,000 and the' trade resulting from it amount
ed to about $5^230,000. With such an illustration of
the effectiveness of the scheme, it is hardly likely
enterprising Americans will be slow to adopt it.
No plan -of action proposed m the discussion has
received more general. approval, than that of Dr;
Henry Shaw, and it is probable that it will, be vir
tually adopted should the State.- decide to . assume
control.' The plan is thus stated by. Dr. .Shaw, him
self: "If the State owned four small farms— say at
Middieboro. Wilmingto::, Sterling and Chesterfield,
there would be few plates which would not'be within
thirty. miles of one of them, and all. except Chester
f.cld. would be within easy railroad communication
\vilh all surrounding' 1 territory. In each of them a
small farm might be br-ught. and its buildings,, put in
condition to receive travelers. Let every person going
from place to place without definite destination, if
needing or asking relief, be sent at the expense of the
While the British are rejoicing over that unex
pected ray of brightness in the general gloom caused
by the war and diminishing trade with increasing
taxes, the more thickly settled. States of our own
country are finding the iramp problem more vexatious
th«-n ever. In Massachusetts .the evil has become, so
great the relief bfficeis of the commonwealth are
seeking to provide a better* system of dealing with
it. At the present time many Massachusetts- munici
palities furnish food and lodging- for tramps,~but at
the same time compel those who apply to do a cer
tain amount of work by way of compensation. ' The
plan is not' adequate to the requirements of the
problem, because some communities do not provide
such homes for tramp;, nor in any • way enforce the
general regulations -concerning vagrancy. It. is now
proposed that the- State shall deal directly with the
subject, instead of leaving- it to local authorities, and
to effext that end a campaign of 'education has. been
btarim.
The Westminster Gazette in commenting upon the
decline says it is "so remarkable, indeed, that if the
numbers decrease to the same extent during the next
for.i years the workhouses in the eastern counties ma?
shut up their casual wards, for there will be no tramps
left to use them. The figures showing the number
of casuals relieved in the different unions have just
been compiled by the poor-law inspector for the East
ern District. In Norfolk 29,037 casuals were reported
hy the different unions in 1897. In the following year
this dropped to 24,128; in 1899 it went down to 15,095,
and last year it was only 9739-Hust a thir'd of what it
W3S four years ago. The decrease is spread over every
union in the county. In Suffolk the figures for the
four 3'ears beginning with 1897 are: 23,903; 22,385,
17,655 and 12,838. Here the decrease is not quite so
great as in Norfolk, -but it is very nearly half. < Evi
dently the tramp is becoming scarcer each year." -
BRITISH sociologists are delighted, but at the
same time puzzled, by the remarkable decrease
in vagrancy that has taken place in Great Brit
ain during the last four years. There appears' to be
iic self-evident explanation of the decline, but 'of the
fact there is no doubt whatever. It is made clear
by reports from all parts of the country, and particu
liuly from the eastern counties, where the tramp evil
has in former years been most notable.
THE TRAMP PROBLEM
A local attorney has announce^ to the Federal
court that he will prova that a conspiracy exists . to
keep Chinese but of this' country. The lawyer appears
to have undertaken a r?sk which for others would be
as simple as it is easy. Everybody, having at heart the
welfare of the city is in the conspiracy.
LAST year was a Mine of violence and disaster on
the arid granges. As their use in common as
part of the public domain progressively de
stroys the feed, the contention over what is left grows
more fierce. As the fo-age decreases the moisture
goes with it. and increasing aridity renders the region
less fit for agricultural settlement, and the demand
for Government aid for irrigation grows more per
sistent...
The forces which made the last a season of blood
shed are already in the field. A month ago cattle
rr<en with Winchesters were patrolling -a frontier of
forty miles in Western Colorado to keep out hun
dreds cf thousands of sheep, which had eaten up the
r^r.ge in Utah, and were driven to repeat the destruc
tive operation in the adjoining State. Within the last
ten days a dead line bas been established in Wyo
ming, and those who patrol it warn intruders that
death i;; the penalty for crossing it with stock. In the
sn me State thousands of animals have died in the last
month. because ovcrstDcking the free range has de
stroyed the feed and ibi stock starves and dies in its
tmck^.
The casualties in the range battles last year wer;
the most numerous in the history of the frontier, but
wii! be greatly exceeded this year.
It may not be complimentary to the intelligence of
the American people that they seem indifferent to
the useless destruction of the sole value of the graz
ing country, and as- a result suffer such an advance
in the price of beef tli-it it is gradually disappearing
ficm their tables. At the same time that they are
ivtfncjsing the passing of that food beyond the reach
of many purses it is proposed to tax thtm by appro
pi iatior.s in the river and harbor bill to irrigate lands
mnde increasingly arid by the wasteful policy which
h:is increased the cost of their beef supply.
Protecting the ranges by leasing them to their
users would restore thcii forage, compel 'those who
profit by it to pay fo»" its use; would restore beef
to tabics on which its <ost is making it a rarity, an 1
would furnish ample wvns to provide public irrigi
tion without further burdening the taxpayer by Con
gressional appropriation 1 :.. The question is not sec
tional to the arid region. It is a national question.
No national question is more important than one
which concerns a necessary food supply, the protec-,
tion of public property, the extension of the arei
occupied by productive agriculture,- and; the conser
vation of crder, -by substituting, law. for lawlessness
over a vast region. When these four objects can be
accomplished by one simple act of legislation there
should be intelligence enough somewhere in the
country to frame such an act and reason enough in
the Government to m?.ke it the" law.
Ir the arid West are many large Indian reservations.
They are of the same character and capacity for stock
rarges as the region in which they are located. The
Government is charge 1 with their care and preserva
tion. It is leasing the:n as ranges to stock men. The
leaseholders are restricted against overstocking, and
the destruction of the forage is thereby prevented.
The result is that the reservation ranges are con
stantly increasing in value and are real oases in the
blear desert around them, which is exactly the same
kind of land and under the same climatic conditions.
This object lesson teaches the dullest that, outside the
reservations, the same policy will produce the sams
dotirable results.
The income. of the Icar.es on the reservations goes
to the Indians, as owncs of the domain, and may Jic
applied to irrigation \vh: n possible on their lands. It
p: elects them from the former lawless invasion cf
tiuir reservations by stock men. and puts an end to
tbe frequent combats between the invaders them-
Srl\CS.
So it will bf seen tits whole leasehold -policy, with
all its benefits, is already operated' by the Govern
ment for the benefit of the Indians.- What possihle,
reasonable, impressive objection can be made to it?
extension to the whole grazing region on the public
domain, which is the property of all the people of
tbu country?
BATTLE FOR THE RANGE.
BOSS CROKER, finding himself in control of
the Democratic party of' New York on the
eve of the Presidential election, did not hesi
tate to use his power t>'the uttermost for the purpose
ai crushing David Bennett Hill. Doubtless the Tam
many boss believed. he could drive Hill out of poli
tics altogether and get rid of him forever. Croker
has now an opportunity to meditate upon the vanity
of revenge and the" impolicy of hitting a man when
lie is down. Tammany is in sore straits, and Hiil,
emerging from the retirement of Wolfe'rt's Roost, has
taken to the warpath with a scalping-knife as keen as
a razor and as big as a scythe.
There was recently organized at Carnegie Hall in
New York a political faction which took to itself the
title, "The Greater New York Democracy." We learn
that the floor of the hall has a seating capacity of
1000, and every seat was occupied. Moreover, the
tiers of boxes above v wcre also filled. Nor was it a
casual gathering of idle meh brought in from . the
streets by the attractions of a brass band and the ex
pectation of hearing red-hot speeches. It was really
a notable gathering, and included some of the fore
most Democrats of the city.
From first to last it vvas a Hill meeting. Whenever
his name was mentioned it was applauded. Whenever
Croker's name was heard it was hissed. The burden
of the speeches was the necessity for reorganizing the
Democracy of New York and the overthrow of Tarn-'
many Hall. One of the principal speakers, Joseph
F. Daly, a former Justice % of the Supreme Court, 111
urging Democrats of .conscience and intelligence to
break away from Tammany, asked: "How can men
lay their heads upon their pillows after thanking God
for the purity of their homes and the innocence of
their children and forget that the political institution
they support with their votes is filling the streets with
outcasts, the penitentiary with criminals and paupers'
graves with victims — victims once as pure as the
child at its mother's knee?"
As an expression of its purpose the organization
adopted resolutions declaring Tammany Hall respon
sible for existing abuses in the administration, of city :
arfairs, that its permanent overthrow is an essential
prerequisite to the success of any attempt to secure
better local government, and pledging the organiza
tion to oppose the election of any candidates at -the
coming municipal election "nominated by the so
called Democratic city ?nd county conventions to be
held under the auspices of Tammany Hall." ;
In addition to the resolutions there was adopted an
address charging that New York is suffering from
"vile misrule and degradation," that the present city
administration has perverted the functions of munici
pal government "not only to establish a nursery and
asylum for a horde of political camp followers who
prey upon the taxpayers but to foster a system of ex
acting se«ret revenue through a loathsome covenant
with crime." j It says that under Tammany rule there
has been a tremendous increase in the municipal ex
pense's amountingHo $2S,ooo,ooo in three years, while
the real estate valuations have been increased by
$743,000,000. The address contains this sentence:
"Worse and more intolerable than this burden of
crushing taxes is the degradation/ the infamy, which
brings a sense of shame to every reputable citizen of
New York. This city, instead of shedding its luster
abroad, stands forth, to-day in glaring discredit as the
shelter and victim of the most depraved and mer
cenary government in the civilized world."
Among other things the address demands the "elec
tion of a Mayor whose conscience cannot be refrig
eiated," and; when that was read the applause was
tumultuous. Mr. Croker will take notice that David
Bennett Hill. is still alive, and kicking. " .' .
HJLL TAMMANY.
Postmaster General Smith has met the demand for
shirt waists in the torrid East by granting permission
to marl carriers to wear during the summer months
thai- form of garment, provided it be of a light gray
washable material and be worn with a turn-down col
lac, a dark tie and a near belt. So it seems the shirt
vvaistjs bound to com«. Nothing, can stop the mails.
THURSDAY. ¦.•..•.v..-:..AF.*IL 35, 1901
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
IAddrei: All Ctamaaieitios* t> W. 8. LE/.KE. Ktaajer.
MA\AGEK"« OFKICB. . ToI ' pll "'^Xj!5^Lc!!-i
I'LDLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third. 8. F.
Telephone Pre** 201.
GDlTOniAI, nOOIIS... . .217 to 221 Stermnoii St.
Telephone l'ress 2O2.
Delivered l»y Cnrrler*. 15 Centn Per Week.
Stmzlr Copies. 5 Cent*.
TcriDR |»y Mali. IndTuItngr rosfnRPi
">ATI>T CAI.I.. (including Sunday), one year $"5.0*
I)AILT CALi. flnrlutflns Bmsfsr), « montbsV '*.....'... 3.00
CAn-T CALL, (Including Sunday). 3 months . r . 1.50
DAILY CALL— Ry Flnglo Month A «5e
WEKCL7 CALL. One Year 1-00
AH postmaster* «r<* nntltnrized to receive
RulmcriptionK.
Farr.rl* oopfee «-III b» fortrarded when requested.
Mai! RjhKr!hfr« in ord^rlnjr «-)ianir» of nAGrm* «hoa!<J b»
A particular to c>ve both NEW AND OLD ADDRKSS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OACLASD OFFICE ...1118 Broa«Ji*-i»r
C. GEOIIGB KKOGXRS?.
£ts»gtr Foreign AfimtUlsg, Mtrqattte Building. Chie&gJ.
<Long Distance Telrphone "Ce:Kral 26IP.")
ICJCW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
C. C. CAIU/TOX...'. Herald Square
XEW TOflK REPRESHN'TATrVE: ¦ •
fTCniES IS. SJIITII SO Tribune BnildlnK
NJHV TOUK N'ETVS BTANDS:
TV«!dnrf-A*terla Hotel; A. Brcntano, a Union Square:
Murray Hi:] Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hnyes. open until 9:58 o'clock. «O
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. ulS Larkln. open until
P 30 o'clock. IMl Mlpclon. open until 10 o'clock. 2281 Market.
erraer S?ixt»enth. open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
vrtll 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, epen until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-EgcornV nnfl Kentucky, open until » o'clock. ]
The Call does not bold itseir responsible for
the opinions pablished in this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have as communications of general interest.
¦ To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: I take
It from your recent oditoriala that you have
become an outspoken and energetic opponent of
municipal ownership ot public utilities In gen
eral and In San Francisco in particular, never
theless* the fairness with which you treat the
subject encourages me once more to trespass
upon your attention. la the communication
from me which you published on April 13
statistics were presented which show that
water supplied by municipal ownership la th«
United States averages 40 per cent cheaper
than that supplied by private corporsXions. and
that of the fifty larseat cities In the United
States only nine have private- ownership of
their water supplies.
You argua against the force of these facts
by saying that the water supplies of Chicago,
Philadelphia. New York and Beaton are bad
during portions of the year. As you know
Chicago has recently spent a yreat many mil
lions of dollars in constructing a draina**
canal by which the sewage of the city will
be diverted from Lake Michigan Into the Illi
nois River and finally to tbe Mississippi. As
soon »3 this was even partially accomplished
typhoid fever in Chicago showed a remarkable
decrease, thus proving that the sewaffe which
formerly went Into Lake Michigan and polluted
the water supply was rtlrectly responsible- for
the large number of case* ot typhoid fever la
the city. . '
Tcu say that the water supply of Philadel
phia is bad, but that ctty baa recently ap
propriated *12.00O>00O for a complete filter sys
tem to remedy the defect. ¦ We find the dues
of Chicago and Philadelphia spending million,*
of dollars to purify their water system, What
is the Sprlnar Valley Water Works doing In
San Francisco? The only one. of the ten largest
cities In the United States that Is supplied by
a prlvata corporation?
What Is the death rate in San Francisco, as
compared with Chicago. Philadelphia, N«w
York and Boston, whose water supplies you say
are bad, and what Is the rate of deatha from,
typhoid fever in thoae several cities as com
pared with San Franci3co? The Oakland En
quirer presents these figures: In San Fran
cisco the death rate Is 20.73 In each thousand
cf population: in New York It Is 13.01; la
Chicago. 13.01; In Philadelphia. 13.9«; In Boa
ton, 19.41. In San Francisco the percentage of
deaths from typhoid fever Is 2.48. while in New
York it is .082; In Chicago. 1.73: In Philadel
phia, 3.S6; In Boston. 1.4S. In other words the
death rate Is higher in San Francisco, whoea
water Is supplied by a private corporation,
than it is in those cities whose water supply
you condemn, and the death rate from typhoid
fever is likewise higher In San Francisco as
compared with the cities wnoee water supply
you condemn except In Philadelphia, and la
that city a perfect system of filtration is now
being constructed.
Whatever the death rate In the cttles whose
water supply you condemn may be the con
ditions are far worse in Sari Francisco, whose
water supply is controlled by a private cor
poration. If the argument is worth anything
It proves that private ownership is bad as com
pared with public ownership.
I In your editorial of April 23 you say a
municipal plant pays no taxes, therefore the
share which It should pay Is borne by other
property and Is added to the taxpayers* bur
dens. This is an argument which Mr. Symmea
advanced in the recent debate on municipal
ownership at the banquet of tbe Merchants'
Association of this city, but It is entirely
groundless. The people of the city and county
of> San Francisco pay the taxes of "the Spring
Valley Water Company at the present time.
Under private ownership it is held that the
water company is entitled to receive first its
taxes and operating expenses and then a
reasonable return upon the actual value of Its
property used In supplying water to the mu
nicipality. The Sprins Valley Water Com
pany's taxes for the coming year will be flSt*
t'CO, almost all of which will be paid in San
Francisco. Of this about one-third goes to the
State and two-thirds Into the city treasury.
Under municipal ownership the taxes paid to
the State would be saved entirely, while the
burden of the municipal taxes would remain
where It is now — on the rate-payers of the city.
'Municipal ownership therefore represents a
saving of the State taxes, and the municipal
taxes will continue to be paid by the people
vof the city.
' You also say "to put a municipal plant In
condition for comparison with one In private
or municipal ownership it must be charged
• • * with interest on the cost'ef the plant."
This is always dene, but to the disadvantage
of private ownership. The city of San Fran
cisco . can borrow monty at 3 per cent, but .
we pay the Spring Valley Water Works 5
! per cent on the value ot the . property ; henea
municipal ownership would represent a savin*;
of 2 per cent in interest. This Is one of. the
1 strongest ¦ arguments In favor of municipal
ownership of the wate;- supply of San Fran
cisco.
1 You also say that the municipal plant must
"be made equal to the private plant by using
the same filtering and other devices to make
the same potable." As we have seen the death
rate is less in the citie.. under municipal owner
ship than in San Francisco and yet those
cities are using every endeavor trf benefit their
water supply by filtration and other devices.
The water used in San Francisco is not filtered. ¦
however, and there is no way that the Spring
Valley Water "Works can b» made to filter Us
supply and thus assist in lessening the largo
death rate In San Francisco and the large list
of casualties from typhoid fever.
To recapitulate: The Call argues that under
municipal ownership the large cities of th*»
country have poorer water: they lose the taxes
which private plants would pay; Interest on
the cost of public plants is not regarded, and
public plants are obliged to put in filtration
systems In order to make the water safe. A«
a matter of fact the death rate In San Fran
cisco is higher than In any of the large cities
owning their own water supplies; the death
/ate from typhoid fever Is higher in San Fran
cisco than In any large city owning Its own
water supply except Philadelphia: the State
taxes on Spring Valley Water Works would
be paved under municipal ownership and the
burden of the rnuniclnal taxes would remain
the same as at present: the city can borrow
money for 2 per cent less than we now pay
to the Spring Valley Water Company, effecting
a saving of nearly &GO.00O a year, and the
Sprinz Valley Water Works does not have
any filtration system and cannot be made to
put one In, however 'desirable - lt may be to
have our water filtered. The one way to Im
prove our water system is by municipal owner-'
ship, and under municipal ownership we could
have an unlimited supply of water from the
Sierras, than which there Is no better la tha
world. Yours truly,
CHARLES "WESLEY. RKEtX
San Francisco. April 24. 1901.
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap' bas
kets. 639 Market. Palace Hotel building.'
Special Information supplied dally . to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
¦ ? * — ___
A man has grot to love the average
woman a lot to marry her after he haa
once seen, her barefooted.
; Salting under false colors are all cheap and
poisonous domestic substitutes of TJ*. Sleg-rt's
Angostura Bitters, great South American tonic
Every woman has a sneaking- Idea that
if she had been Eve in: the Garden of
Eden she would have been good.
AN ADVOCACY
OF MUNICIPAL
OWNERSHIP
Consumptives Can Recover Anywhere
Heretofore it has been considered neces
sary to send the patient to the Klviera, to
the Aips, to the Black Forest, to Califor
nia or to Colorado. Many physicians
practicing at these so-called wonderful
climate cures deluded themselves into be
lieving their particular climate necessary.
The time is nearly past, however, when
the climate enthusiast will have the tem
erity to rise in a medical meeting and
proclaim any one section the sole place
m which consumptives can recover, and
tho sooner the poor consumptive knows
this the better for him and his family,
and, too, for his community. I know that
the arid . West, that high mesa land
stretching for hundreds of miles through
Colorado, Arizona, New Mexico, a small
strip of Western Texas, and away into
old Mexico, is undoubtedly the best for
the average consumptive, but the poor
man cannot go to health resorts, nor. can
he well change his environment. Just
think of the good that would result not
alone to the individual, but to society at
large, if such a person could only know
and have faith to believe that.it is possi
ble for him to recover in his own city,
be that in Maine or Oregon, California or
Florida, Louisiana or Ohio. I say, possi
ble to recover, and it must be thoroughly
understood that what is claimed is that
he can .recover, if he will faithfully live
in the open air— in sleet, snow, wind or
rain — yes, even in the fogs around Lon
don. \
I firmly believe that if the diagnosis is
made early, in the first stage, and /the
patients are sent constantly into the open
air in all kinds of weather, a large per
centage, over half anyway, will be per
manently cured, while many other cases
will be arrested. No one must be misled
by this statement. The diagnosis must
bo early. The patient must know his con
dition-before he has been run down by
fever and has lost his appetite, strength
and weight. Whenever one. has a cough
with expectoration and his . cough • lasts
longer than a few" days his case requires
ihe immediate care of a competent physi
cian. It is in such cases that a patient
may and probably will recover by tbe
• outdoor treatment, no matter in what city
ho stays. If the case has advanced be
yond the first' stage it is possible to ar
rest it and, in a few Instances, cure it
without the necessity of going away from
home. . - ¦.¦ •"
Patients That Have Recovered.
What I say must be accepted as a firm
conviction and as free from special in
terest in any locality, for the changes in
the Government service have taken me
into ¦ nearly every section of the United
States. In all these places I saw the con
sumptive sailor because I had to, for he
was my patient. I also made It a point
to see the native consumptive in his home'
and in his • hospital. I know of consump
tives who are still living after ten, fifteen,
twenty and in one case forty years of
suffering and struggle in unfavorable cli
mates. . These, however, were- persons
with indomitable will power. I know
cases which have recovered in Chicago
and St. Louis. .
'¦ From a time in the remote past con
sumptives have died by hundreds of thou
sands every year. Great men and women
and even kings have given their lives to
the study of the disease, and this slow
but steady evolution from the mere
physic-giver to the seeker after cause and
effect haa brought about a united move
ment among medical men throughout the
world. The result proves againthat when
once the composite medical mind becomes
fixed upon what is thought to be a right
principle, something wonderful must hap
pen for the benefit of mankind. The med
ical man has said that the filthy.tene
ment death traps, which are breeders of
tuberculosis, must go; - that the spitting
nuisance must cease and that' con
sumption must be stamped out. Already
hundreds of old buildings in London, Ber
lin, Paris, Philadelphia and New York,
which were known to be badly infected
with tuberculosis, have been pulled down
and replaced with good buildings, because
of the nressure brought to bear on mu
nicipal authorities to remedy the evil.
The movement for the better housing x>t
the poor has spread over the entire, world,
even to Japan. It has been shown that
in nearly the same proportion as the poor
are housed In well lighted and well ven
tilated quarters, where there is abundanc?
of fresh air and life-giving: sunshine, does
the percentage of deaths -from consump
tion drop off. This is not hard to under
stand, if one will but recall that domestic
animals do not thrive in the dark and
dampness, s ;¦•..>/.".-¦¦?
Need of Awakened Public Sentiment.
It is estimated that 120,000 people die in
the United States every year from con
sumption. ' If the same number of persons
who died last year in any American city
from consumption were to die In that city
next year from - smallpox, yellow fever,
cholera or plague panic would follow. Let
me put this a " little more forcibly. In
the home of yellow fever, whence we de
rive nearly all our epidemics, viz., Ha
vana, a thousand inhabitants died of yel
low fever from 1890 to 1894. To combat
this it cost the United States many thou
sands of dollars annually to keep a corps
of marine hospital officers, with their
thorough equipment, always at work in
preventing panic in the United States.
Bear In' mind the horror occasioned, by
yellow fever and then make a mental note
of this: In this same city of Havana, in
the same years— 1890-1894— there were 7000
deaths from consumption. . Yet the public
remains indifferent to the" insidious'dan
gers of tuberculosis. Zc.is high time that
such ruthless annual slaughter sutruld
cease. There are many reasons for this
condition, some of which are not yet fully
understood, t even by the .-medical profes
sion, but for our purpose we may say that
it is mainly due to the fact that the aver
age man is careless in the habit of spit
ting—careless everywhere; in the club, in
the street cars. In the railway station. ! '
To try to check, the "spread of the dis
ease .societies have been formed .which,
with State, municipal and philanthropic
donations, have built sanatoria and in-"
duced : hundreds 'to go to • these places,
where they are taught how to cure them- |
selves and prevent the spread of the tils- !
ease to others. The city of Chicago early
undertook.. to care for. the consumptive
poor ¦ in better auarters than the county
hospital by erecting buildings especially
for: this disease at Dunning. For many
years Thiladelphia has cared for many
sufferers from this malady and there are'
hundreds of men and. women now earning
a living in .that city who have recovered I
or had the disease arrested' in places of I
fresh-air treatment right In3ide the city
limits. With these home sanatoria in one's
own city or near- by -many, homes have
been kept intact -and the family earnings
have gone on; If every good citizen would
begin at once to talk for more light, more
air, more sunshine, better housing of the
poor. and the immediate, care- of the-con
sumptive in sanatoria laws could soon be
enacted which .would restore to every man
his birthright of fresh air and sunshine.
Much of the iWhitechapel district of Lori-
Frcm time immemorial it has been
known that consumptives get well in cer
tain climates. In those long-ago days, an
equable climate, such as Italy possesses,
was considered necessary. Of course, we
now know that warm climates are not
absolutely essential to a. cure, and yet it
was because of this very belief that cli
mate-cure .came to be well known before
the present time. In" a ¦warm climate, the
consumptive could be out of doors "all the
time" without discomfort, and he very
soon learned that this was best for him,
thus being misled into the belief that that
particular place and climate had some
miraculous power to recuperate his fail
ing health. Camping expeditions, long
voyages 'in open boats, and other out-of
door exercises, helped to raise the ques
tion to a scientific level. The greatest
drawback in, the light against "the great
white plague," tuberculosis, has been the
fact that the niedical profession, as well
as the laity, believed superstltiously in the
fetich of a certain "place which alone had
wonderful powers to heal.
SERVICE
PASSED ASSISTANT SURGEON UNITED STATES MARINE HOSPITAL
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts, and. Specialists for
The San Francisco Call.
What Science Has Done in American Com
munities to Cure Consumptives and
Eradicate a Dread Disease.
By.J. O. Oobb, l^L. 3D.,
COPYRIGHT, 1001
X.— EFFECT OF CLIMATE,
don has been pulled down and if the law
could be made to reach- this, the vileat
tenement section In the world, there is
still hope for every city.
Proper Sanatorium Treatment.
In all parts of the country the sanato
rium treatment of consumption is now be
ing considered. These sanatoria are noth
ing more nor less than specially construct
ed houses situated in as favorable local
ities as the environs afford. Here one can
go and live under rigid rules. No claims
are made for any specific benefits except
those derived from fresh air, good, whole
some food and close adherence to the dis
cipline of the place. The patient very soon
learns one thing which aids him material
ly. He learns that many consumptives
recover and that the uatients soon make
ligrht of their troubles and try to help in
every way to regain health. They learn
to keep Quiet when their temperature
ranges above the normal or below it: how
to take chest gymnastics, to aid in ex
panding the diseased and restricted lungs;
how to eat slowly and chew the food well;
how to keep cheerful and not to fret.
Most of all, they learn to toughen them
selves to prevent catching cold and to get
along without being coddled by overanx-
ioua relatives and friends.
I wonder if the consumptive knows now
much good he is doing the community by
going to one of these places? By leaving
his, home he ceases to be a most serious
menace to his own relatives and is indi
rectly benefiting the community at large.
By example he is. aiding in the advance
of sanitary knowledge.
A Great Movetoent Well Under "Way.
In just fifty years' time the sanatorium
movement has received an Impetus that
cannot and must, not be checked. Started
on a small scale at Gorbersdorf by the
illustrious Brehmer, aided by some trust
ing and philanthropic friends, the plan lias
been adopted in nearly every civilized
land. To-day there are hundreds of such
places scattered here and there in Eu
rope, the Americas and Japan.
¦ Tuberculosis has spared the rich very
little less than the poor and monev has
lately been forthcoming in enormous sums
for the better care of the consumptive.
The movement is thus not alone due to
philanthropy, but Is one of self-preserva
tion. Of all the gifts in the name of suf
fering humanity I cannot conceive of one
more humane or one indicating more,
sound judgment than the erection of a
sanatorium for the care of the consump
tive poor in one's own community. The
folly of this age of philanthropy lies in
the erection of monster buildings for hos
pitals. The consumptive does not need a
hospital. He needs to be helped into the
open ' air and guided and directed in his
treatment by some one who is thoroughly
acquainted with' all the routine of this
method of cure.
Arid Climate Is Desirable. .
There is another side of this question,
that cannot be ignored— viz. : That favor
able climates are desirable, and many
times more beneficial than those places
which we have spoken of above. It is^
useless for medical men in the East to
decry the advantage of the arid West,
and by the arid West I mean Colorado,
Arizona, New. Mexico, a small strip of
Texas near El Paso and the mesa lands
of Old Mexico.. I have seen the consump
tive in nearly every portion of the United
States, and I am sincere in saying that
I. have seen the, mest astonishing results
in this country with some patients, both
in acute 'and In old cases: The improve*
ment was so rapid in some instances that
I would not have believed it if I had not
seen it. I have nothing but a passing in
terest in this western country, but as one
interested only in what is the very best
lor the consumptive, I say to the person
with means: Go to some point in Colo
rado. Arizona, -New Mexico, El Paso or
Old Mexico, just as soon as your disease
is discovered. E>o not be misled by ex
travagant advertisements, for one place
is as coodas another in the sections
named, in so far as climate is concerned.
Do not wait, do not take chances, but go
at once, and, as all patients are benefited
by change of environment, 1 one is more
apt to receive the greatest benefits in the
arid region by going there early. If he
does go under these conditions I believe
that I am safe in saying that he has over
80 per cent of chances for his permanent
recovery. No patient, however, should!
come to this country without the advice
of a physician. There are certain condi
tions—well known to medical men, which
would prevent one's coming here.
• Best Place for Consumptives.
If you are able physically and have the
money, there are many places where one
may go and. live comfortably. Of course
Denver and Colorado Springs have the
greatest reputations and most liberal ac
commodations, but scattered throughout
Colorado are many smaller towns where
there are good hotels. Coming south,
there are Las Vegas, Albuquerque, Phoe
nix, Tucson and El Paso, with good hotels
which have been recently improved. There
are many smaller places to which the con
sumptive may go, but in many of them
the food and rooms are poor.
These smaller towns have Just as good
climate as the larger ones, the only dif
ference, so far as the consumptive Is con
cerned, being the lack of accommodations
In the small places. At first it may be
better for one to go to some one of the
larger cities just mentioned and then
change to a smaller town if desired. But
whatever place is chosen, whether in this
almost boundless west or near one's own
home city," let this advice guide you as
the cloud by day and the pillar of flre
by night: Come what may, discourage
ments, backsets, or even hemorrhages, re
solve that you will live steadfastly in the
open air. t '.
1— HERE is growing a great pressure in the South
for the seizure of Cuba. The spirit of Buchanan,
Mason and Slideli, as uttered in the brutal Os
tend manifesto, is abrcad in that section' and >th=
Democratic supporters of Bryan are possessed by it.
it is known that almost all the Democratic Senators
were in 1S98 Cuban- ar-hexationi'sts, and now . they
covertly favor taking the island. The most earnest
arguments in favor of that step appear in the South
ern prcs3. The "solemn duty" part is left to Major
Henry Watterson of the Louisville Courier-Journal. .
.Henry has an inventive imagination. He invented
the Gold Democracy in 1896, and then invented a
reason for going into the Bryan camp in 1900. He
is now inventing reasons for taking Cuba. He ladles
out sentimental loblolly 1 - on that subject as generously
as the stills of his State run bourbon.
He seems never to have heard of the declaration of
war, and if he know of our pledge of abstention from
the sovereignty of Cuba regards it with fides Punka,
and as a very proper promise to be broken. Through
out the South there are many who follow this lead,
and if Cuba hold out until 1904, and the Democratic
party, controlled by the South, get power, Cuba* will
be gobbled with the joyous alacrity and appetite
shown by the python when it swallows a cassowary,
regardless of the consent of the cassowary.
•Mr. Watterson recently proclaimed the unalterable
union of destiny between the United States and Cuba,
the same being closer than that between pie and its
crust or sausage and irs case. He said: "The inter
ests of the United States and Cuba are inseparable
The' island must prosper as we prosper, and we must
suffer with it through- maladministration and neglect.
The Cubans are realizing this, and it is not surprising
that the saner minds among them look upon annexa
tion as the perfection of their government."
Upon such rot is faithlessness fed. Cuba has about
as much influence up.on our destiny as a fly on
a steer's horn has upon the export of beef. It is a bit
c: Wattcrsonian grandiloquence, which passes for pro
fbundity in a State where they rotten-egg Carlisle and
make Joe Blackburn Senator.
Cuba affects us. as much and no more than Hayti,
San Domingo, Jamaica and the Carib Keys. The
idea that this great country, capable of producing all
that it consumes and having a surplus large enough to
fr-ed and clothe the world, must suffer whenever a
flea-bitten and fever-plagued island in the tropics has
a fever of revolution or a spasm of murder is pre
posterous.
We join Mexico, with no ninety miles "of water be
tween us. Mexico has chilled and fevered, hungered
and fed, had all colors of fever, and epidemics of
brigandage and vomito, with no effect on our pulse"
or temperature. Canada has had rebellions, reverses
and upsets of all kinds, while we have kept our head
cool and feet warm through it all. .
Major Watterson's hysterical howl ii the worst case
of the tail wagging the dog that has been proposed.
If there is no better reason for the policy of lying and
stealing in the case of Cuba it would be better to give
none ai all. \* .•.•¦'•' '•• "',* .-'.:¦
In truth it makes but little • difference to us who
governs Cuba, or how. . W.e, are far more interested
in a decline of the census of murder in Kentucky, for
that is an 'American Srate, though it has Corsican
manners. When it is safe for men to go out after
dark in Kentucky Vithout wearing
clothes it will be. time to fret about the disorders and
the destiny of islands where the water, .land and air
are poison, and the fleas' and . mosquitoes spread
cholera and yellow fever. . . . ;
WATTERSON1AN ROT.
State to the nearest of the four houses of detention,
with a commitment paper that will be' evidence against
him if. he goes elsewhere as a tramp. . The house of
detention would act as an employment bureau, finding
places for. nferi when 'it, and giving them useful work
while waiting. To it the employers of labor in the
country round might learn to come, as they have for
years to the office .of the Boston Industrial Aid So
ciety. The. almshouse. taint and the penal institution
features should be studiously avoided."
The simultaneous decline of vagrancy in Great
Britain at a time of something like industrial depres
sion, with a notable increase in New England during
a period of general prosperity, affords a very inter
esting problem for sociologists to study out: Possibly
the explanation is to be found in some method of
treating tramps in British workhouses that/ inclines
them to keep away. If so it might be well for Mas
sachusetts to apply for the recipe.
THE SAN FEAlSCISCq CAIL, THURSDAY, APRIL 25, 1901.
6
Bradford-Silver Creek
.QUICKSILVER
Mining Companies,
San fienito County and
Santa Clara County.
$1.00 BUYS TWO SHARES,
¦ ONE IN EACH. MINE.
PAR VALUE n 00 PER SHARE.
Property well developed and thousands ot
tons of ore in sight. Material for our first ten-
ton furnace ordered and on its way to tha
property.
We will be actually Producing
Quicksilver* in two months.
SEEING IS BELIEVING.
You can easily see our property. On, •,„
an^twenty minute, to San Jose. . nine m?lei^ y
, Let us ihow you these mines and Judge for
yourself. ' Ui " * or
• , , H. R. BRADFORD
Pre9 T d £ nt w an ? Gen *"«l Manager.
7 >,. Market street. Saa Jose
,« r0SI ££ tl i 8 and a " ln 'o«natlon at branch
office. 209 Sansome street. San Francisco *
H. U COFFIN and P. DE FREITAS
Call «nb*erlberi contemplating a. cbansre of
renfclrsice dnrlnK the KOromrr montbi cim harn
tltrir paper forwarded by mall to their new
¦d<lresft*s liy notifying: The Call Bntlnes* Office.
Till* pftf.or vrill also be on anle at all inmmer
resorts and Is represented by a loeal aeent In
all towns en the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
TivoIi-'Tbe Idol's Eye."
Orrhr'urn— Vaudeville.
Alcazar — "The Conquerors."
Grand Opera-houFe— -'Under Two Flags."
California— "The Evil Eye."
Central— "A Fair Hebel."
Olyrnpia, corner Mason and Eddy Btreets — Specialties.
Chutop. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville «verj- afternoon and
and evenir;.
Titc her' ?— Vaudeville.
Meircpo'.ltan Hall— Lectures Saturday afternoon and even-
Ins.
Recitation Park— Baseball.
Tanft>ran Park— Races.
AMUSEMENTS.When the Secretary ot the Navy recently
demanded more battleships Congress con
sldered his recommendations favorably and
authorized the construction of several power
ful warships. Protection Is what our sea
ports require, and fortifications will not ade
quately supply this. I>efen»e against all dis
orders of the digestive organs, such as dyspep
sia, constipation, biliousness, rheumatism
and nervousness, Is adequately afforded by
that efficient remedy, Uostetter'a Stomach
Bitters. Try It. . /
Demand for More Battleships.
. Had it not been for the fortunate arrival
of Police Officer Alexander, John Thomp
son, a hotel steward." and his wife and
four year old child .would now be occupy
ing slabs in the Morgue instead of being
locked up in the City Prison.
The Thompsons live In: the Fillmore
House, at Broadway and Stockton streets.
Yesterday Alexander learned that Thomp
son and his wife were in the habit, of neg
lecting therrMild and determined to make
an investigation. Going to the house in
which they Itredr the policeman found the
unnatural parents lying on the floor help
lessly drunk," while their unfortunate little
girl sat in a' broken chair vainly endeav
oring to masticate a piece of "hard tack."
Xhe room' was filled with gas. ; which led
the officer to believe . that the couple had
turned on the "deadly fluid intending to
terminate their lives as well as that of
their hapless offspring.
Alexander aroused Thompson, but was
obliged to send the woman to the Receiv
ing Hospital to be resuscitated. Both
parents were then locked up in the City
Prison, charged with cruelty to ; children.
Thompson said he and hiswife had been
drinking . and . the , • gas ' must have been
turned on accidentally. . The little girl
was taken In charge by, the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children. Two
other children were taken from the couple
sometime ago.
FOU^D ASLEEP WITH:
THE GAS TURNED ON
Husband and Wife Asphyxiated
j While Partly Stupefied by
Liquor.
"Going at $47," said the captain. "No
advance on $47; going, going, gone," and
the hammer struck the hull, Arata was
declared the purchaser and promptly paid
over the $47. He agreed to have the null
removed within three days. The captain
was congratulated on his proficiency as an
auctioneer by President Le Breton and
others, but he regretted that he could not
get a higher bid. •
• The Chief was communicated with and
he at once took the necessary steps to
hayo the hull removed. A notice was
sent to the Harmon Company and notices
were posted on the hull and at the Hall
of Justice that the hull would be sold at
public auction unless removed by 2
o'clock yesterday afternoon. No notice
was taken by the Harmon Company, so
preparations were made for the sale.
Captain Wittman acted as auctioneer
and Otto Heyneman performed the duties
of clerk. Sergeant Christensen and a
posse of police kept order. Punctually at
2 o'clock • Wittman, in full uniform,
climbed to the top of the hull with a ham
mer in his hand and faced the crowd that
had gathered. Clerk Heyneman read the
formal notice and tuen the captain asked
for bids. The first bid was $5, offered by
President Le Breton of the French Bank,
and In rapid succession bids of $5 and $1
were offered till George Arata,'a house
mover, living at 178 ¦ Vandewater street,
made a bid of $47.
The steamy had been constructed by
George Damon for the Yukon trade. The
company failed after the hull had been
built at a cost of $2200. It is 300 feet long,
45 feet wide and 25 feet high. The S. H.
Harmon Lumber Company secured a lien'
on the hull, which lay partly on land
owned by the French Savings Bank and
partly on Mason street. As the • bank
wanted to have free use of the land, on
which a building is- being erected. Presi
dent Edward J. Le Breton notified the
Board of Public Works that he wanted
the hull removed. .The board replied that
they had no authority to do so, but that
the Chief of Police had the power under
section 31 of ordinance 1588.
Police Captain Wlttman appeared in a
new rolo vestertlay afternoon and ac
quitted himself creditably. He was or
dered by Chief Sullivan to auction the hull
of a steamer that had been obstructing
the street on Mason street," between Jef
ferson and Beach, and he executed the
order.
Quickly: Disposes of Hull of
Steamer on Mason
Street.
CAPTAIN WITTMAN
ACTS AS AUCTIONEER
GAGE AND FORD
ARE RECONCILED
First Count for Har
mony Made by Union
League Club.
Deputy Attorney General
Abbott ¦ Seconds the
, Governor.
Peace hath rpread her wings over the
executive and law departments' of the
State of California, and there is no longer
war or rumor of wars In the two camps.
The coming ot President McKinley and
the progressive tendencies- of/the Union
League Club contribute to the establish
ment-of harmony. Governor Gaga, is on
the list of new members proposed tor ad
mission to the League, and will be unan
imously elected at the next regular meet
ing of the board of directors. . ' *;y
Politicians attach a deal of significance
to the fact that the Governor's application
for membership, indorsed by General W.
H. L. Barnes, is seconded by William M.
Abbott, deputy in the office of Attorney
General Tirey L. Ford. The opinion was
once entertained in the executive depart
ment, at Sacramento that the office of At
torney General Ford was Inhabited by
statesmen and orators who were deficient
in knowledge of the law. In the office of
the law department the impression gained
force that the denizens of the Governor's
office were illustrious Los Angeles lawyers
whoso early training in statecraft had
been deplorably neglected. • v
On the outside there was all around ad
mission that the talent in the Capitol
building at" the command of California
was adequate to the requirements of two
States, but expert observers • contended
that the people had misplaced it— that the
statesmen filled the places reserved for the
lawyers, and the lawyers occupied the
premises eef apart for the statesmen.
Opinions of this kind may yet be enter
tained, but they are not expressed in offi
cial or semi-official correspondence be
tween the two departments.
When the President comes to California
he will have the pleasure of. seeing the
Governor and Attorney General under one
roof.. This will signity complete restora
tion of harmony in the Republican camp,
and incidentally add prestige to the Union
League.
The luncheon to which the President is
invited must, in the order of things, be an
exclusive function, because only members
of the club in good standing will be en
titled to participate in the feast. Any cit
izen of gentle demeanor and good char
acter may obtain admission to the grand
banquet in honor of, the President pro
vided he can produce $20 to buy a ticket,
but twenty times twenty double eagley
cannot purchase a place at the Union
League banquet in the Maple Room, un
less the applicant ¦ is a duly registered
member of the League.
When Senator Bard came down from
Sacramento a year ago with the Senator
ial toga in hlu valise, the League gave
him a reception, but tho list of the in
vited did not embrace the names of all
the orators whose educated lungs had ex
panded for expansion's sake, and bitter
ness rankled for awhile. The hope is ex
pressed that the Presidential function will
reatore the harmony which was lost in the
Senatorial reception and that no orator
will leave the banquet board with the
feeling that his services to the country and
the Republican party have not been ap
preciated. . • .
Water Upon Her
Head.
FOUR- YEAR-OLD GIRL
SCALDED TO DEATH
Anna d« Hamper Upsets a Can of Hot
Anna do. Hamper, a four, and a half
yenr old girl who resided with her parent*
at 275 Stevenson street, met with a peeu«
lliir accident «sn March 18 rind dUd from
its effects at noon on Tti.-mlny, The easo
wan reported tt> tha Coroner yesterday.
ThomnB Pltzrernld, nn old man rooming
in the limit" 1 , lui'l just filled a lard can
with hi'iiIiUhk water for the purpose of
("ImvliiK himself. Just nt thut moment
the laundryinan rang tho front deer ball
hihI the little girl ran to open tho door.
In iim»h1ii»( Fitzgerald her, elbow atntok
tho can of. water in FItzgrerttld'a IhuhIm
and Kcntterod ui<> contents over her head
A doctor was culled in, but the patient
fliTnlly succumbed. An inquest will be
held. • .
Careless With a Bottle.
While Marian Brown, 1016 Leavenworth
street, and three other children wore
playing In the yard of the Denman School
at Bush and Taylor streets yesterday at
noon, an empty quart bottle, thrown from
a window in the Bella Vista Hotel, struck
the girl on the back of her head, knock
ing her down. If the bottle had not first
struck on a shed one of the children might
have been killed. Detectives Ryan and
O'Dea discovered that the bottle thrower
was J. L. Brown of Akron, O., a guest at
the hotel, who is to leave the city to-day.
He was taken before the principal of the
schcol, who declined to prosecute him as
the girl was not seriously injured.
The Government tug Elen this morning
started to sea to search for a lad named
William Foster, who was blown off shore
last night In a small sloop, and It is sup
posed is helplessly drifting about the
ocean south of Oahu. Ho started for a
sail last night and has not been seen
since. Before leaving ha was warned that
ha would not be nblo to mnnnge the sloop,
but he disregarded tlio warning.
The Wilder steamship Helene will prob
ably be sent to San Francisco f6r repairs.
She broke her rudder at Hawaii and was
brought here last week. The injury can
not be repaired here and she will be tem
porarily fixed up for the trip to the coast
for repairs. • . . .
A number of sugar vessels are about
ready to leave at once for San Francisco.
The barks Andrew Welch, Kaiulani,
Olympic and Mohican will all probably
get away this week for the coast with car
goes of sugar. The ship Arthur Sewall
leaves for Delaware . Breakwater.
Lieutenant Thomas M. Cobb Jr. of the
Thirty-ninth Infantry, one of the small
pox patients landed at quarantine island
from th« transport Lawton, died early on
the moi iiing of the 13th. Funeral services
were held/on quarantine island and the
body was cremated.
The session of the first Territorial Legis
lature is now drawing to an end, and it is
admitted that tlichome rule programme is
dead. Not one of the many radical and
important measures which the majority
Intended to pass has reached the Governor
and none will so to him until after the end
of the fiftieth day of the -session, when
his power of veto Is absolute. City gov
ernment for Honolulu has been abandoned
in the House and the county government
bilj drags very slowly, with . doubtful
chances of being passed at all. Taxation
measures have been lost sight of and the
proposed new election law is buried In
committee, awaiting action.
The House has killed the bill to give
former Queen Liliuokalani $150,000, owing
to a discovery that the measure was-il
legal. Other bills for her pension are be
fore the- House, but they will not pass till
the end of the session.
The liquor dispensary law was killed in
the Senate this morning. By a vote of
eight to seven the subject was laid over
for consideration by the next Legislature,
two years from now.
The strike among employes of the Hono
lulu Iron Works still continues, and the
company is sending a lot of contracts to
San Francisco, as it is unable to fill them
now. By the Mariposa about $100,000
worth of work that was to have been done
in Honolulu is sent to the coast. ¦
HONOLULU, April 17.— The . transport
Kilpatrick arrived here on- the 13th from
San Francisco with two cases of smallpox
on board and several cases of mumps and
measles. She Is in quarantine outside the
harbor and will not leave Honolulu until
she has been thoroughly cleaned and
fumigated. All the soldiers on board will
be transferred to another vessel while the
steamer is being cleaned. The Board
of Health has refused to allow the men to
be landed hero as proposed by the army
officers, and the latter will probably
charter the schooner Mary E. Foster as a
hospital ship to quarter the men while the
transport is being freed from danger of
further infection.
» •
Home Rule Party's Pro
gramme in the Territory
Is Ended.
Kilpatrick at Honolulu
With Cases of ¦
Smallpox. k
DREAD DISEASE
ON A TRANSORT
WOULD SUPPLY
WATER T0 CITY
Eastern Syndicate Makes
Offer to poard of
Works.
Is Prepared to Bring Desired
Fluid From Coyote
Valley.
A 'delegation of Eastern capitalists,
consisting ! of Messrs. Russell, 'O'Boone
and Bullard, waited on the Board of Pub
lic Works yesterday for the purpose of
submitting a proposition to supply this
city with water from Coyote River In
Santa Clara County. The three Eastern
ers represent a wealthy syndicate which
has made it a business to supply cities
with a stated number of gallons of water
dally and they were referred to the Board
of Public Works by Mayor Phelan. to
whom they first stated the object of their
Visit. . /
There wore present at the meeting 1 Com
missioners Mendell. Manson and Magulre
and City Engineer Grunsky, who listened
to the proposition as set forth by Mr. Rus
sell, who acted as spokesman for the
party. ¦. .•""« «j:
"We desire to know," said Mr. Russell,
"If the city is sincere In the matter of
acquiring Its own water works. We will
meet any proposition tha Board of Public
Works is willing to make. We propose to
bring water up to the Santa Clara Valley
and will be able to supply San Francisco
with 50,000,000 gallons dally. The water
supplied to the district contiguous to the
Santa Clara Valley will pay the Interest
on the entire cost of the plant." .
After being assured that the city was
serious in Its intention of owning Its own
water -supply," Russell stated that the
syndicate which he represented owned 418
square miles of watershed in the Coyote
Valley, near the base of Mount Hamilton.
The storage capacity of the watersheds,
be Bald, was not less than 32,000,000,000 gal
lons. Colonel Mendell, who has already
niade an exhaustive report on the source,
disagreed with Russell and claimed that
the capacity of the watersheds In that re
gion is only 30,000,000,000 gallons.
Russell further stated that his company
has already made elaborate surveys of the
drainage areas and sub-service of reser
voir sites and that It was prepared at any
time to furnish San Francisco with a big
supply of pure water at once. , Russell
declined at this time to state a price, but
at the end of the conference promised to
submit In writing' detailed figures as to
the cost of each of several, propositions
which would be submitted to the Board of
Supervisors for consideration.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,: THURSDAY, APRIL .25, 1901.
7
jriSCELLANEOTJS.
7
Teller, Behring,
Golofnin, etc.
S. i VALENCIA,
J. M. LANE, Matter,
Will Leave BAN FRANCISCO,
MAY 24, 1901.
And Seattle
MAY 30, 1901.
For passage and freight apply to
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING CO.,
80 CALIFORNIA STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor, of Flrtt ave. and Ye*ler way, Seattle.
Nome, Teller and St. Michael
— via Seattle: —^
S, S. JNO- S, KIMBALL.
(Capacity 300 Passengers, 2000 Tons Freight).
The Finest of the Nome Fleet.
Sailing May 25th from San Fran-
cisco and June Istfrom Seattle.
For freight and tickets apply office
CONKLIN & CO., 667 Market St.,
CHAS. CONKLIN,
A. L. APPLEWHITE, Agts.
Phone Main 6337.
E0 TONS COLD-STORAGE CAPACITT. '
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. S0DTHAKPT0N. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping- at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.^
New York May 1 New York ......May 22
St. Paul May 8 St. Paul May 23
St. Louis, ......May 15 St. Louis .June s
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Zeeland May lJPennland May 22
Friesland May SlKenslngton May 29
Eoutbwark May 13/ZeeIand .Tune 6
INTERNATIONAL NAVIOATION COMPANY
V CHAS. D. TATLOR, '
General Agent Pacific Coast. SO Montgomery st.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamer" " Monticello."
MON.. TXTES.. WED.. THUES. AND SAT.
at 9:45 a. m., 3:15, S:30 p. m. (except ThurB-
fiay night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:10; Sundays,
10:30 a. m., 8 d. m. Landing and' office, Mla>
elon-st. Dock. Pier No. 3. Telephone Main 1508.
t Cured Whiles
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
•Gran-8olTenl"dlssolTes Stricture like snow be»
aeath tbe sun, reduces Knlarged Prostate .ana
nrenctbens tb« Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains ana
Emissions In fifteen Day*.
Mo driers to ruin tne ttomacb. but » direct looal
aufl positlre application totbe entire urethral tract
Grnn-Solvor.t is not n liquid, It 1* prepared la
tbe form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and flexible*
%m& so narrow as to pass the closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
rbe Su James Ann.. Uoz KM. Cincinnati, 0., h-»
¦repnrcd at irreat exi>ense an exhaust- pn* ¦(
he tllusirnttsl Treatise u|K>n the male LULL
erstem. which tb<ur will send to any r Rs i 1
/ male applicant, .: ¦ „ ¦«Ifcl»I
ST JAMES AS5N 250 ELM ® T -
31. JA31LO A02a. t Cincinnati! Ohio.
8^ "PATEMTS fl
. MARKET bT. Sf. y&S^
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Golofnin Bay,
Nome City and
Teller
Steamship Ruth
(W. 8. HiaaiKS, Muter.)
Leaves San Francisco on or
about May 20th, via Seattle,
Leaving that Port May 26th,
For passage or freight ratei call or address
M. It. DUFFIN, Agent,
MS Market Street, opp. Palace Hotel,
BAN FRANCISCO.
NOSTBEDN COfilllERCUL COMPANY.
For Nome
And St. Michael.
Bailing Dates Approximate Only.
From San Francisco: From Seattle:
•"Dora" May 1 May 7.
"Conemaugh"...May 25 June 10.
"Portland" May 29 ~
"St. Paul" June 1 June 8.
•"Dora" will Ball via Juneau, Valdes, Kodlak,
Unga and Unalaska.
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
S10 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
IV. /*. T. <fe T. CO,
ijto:m::e,
TELLER. ST. MICHAEL and all YUKON
RIVER POINTS.
From San Francisco.
SS ROANOKE Satis May 15
SS. 8AXTA ANA ..Sails
For tickets or freight space write or apply
UNION TICKET OFFICE.
€30 Market St.. S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner Kiret and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of eaillnr.
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday, May 3. 1901
S3. AMERICA MARU. .Wednesday, May 29. 1901
ES. HONGKONG MARU.. Saturday. June 22, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
indCIA SUO AV-ERIC&NA "E VAPCT?B C
To ValparalKO, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
6t. Wharf. 12 m.
PERU May 2PALENA May 80
GUATEMALA...May 15LOA .......June 1?
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
pasaenper office. 316 California street. •
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R, SST'"
TO HEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
$ Cabin. $ 105; Steerage, #40.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, May fl
S. &. — sails Monday, May . 2O
S. S. Lcelanaw sails Alonday, June 3
From Harrlson-st. Wharf, 2 p. m.
Freleht and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
COKPAGNIS OENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
taillnp every Thursday, instead of <&$&*
Saturday, at.lO a, m.Y from Pier 42. .-*<*«»*
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
t-i Havre J3» and upward. Second class to
Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAL AGENCT
FOR UNITED STATES ar.d CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson bulldinp). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Airents. 5 Mont-
fomery avenue. San Francisco.' Tickets sold by
til Railroad Ticket Agents. . _ ,
OCEAN TBAVEL.
j^^\ Strictly Reliable.
m \ Or TaXmtt
XT Ctf&t *
1>|^^^ D!»?nas«ond
• -*//a^H^^S^ Weakness of
ITO/MEN ONLY
THBRB 18 .NO llUCH CONDITION AS
wf«kn«rt» In a man undsr fifty y«ar* of o*».
oth«r than Mnoral dgbllity. Pr*matur«n*«*.
Inn* of vitality, oto.. «rt but ixntptontf of
iom« • < 1 3.m«ff9 to tn« roproduotlv* §y*t*m,
?um«4 '<r a eontr»att<t dl«ord»r er «arly dlfiu
fitttlen. i/t l«»okt»»« for th« location of thin >um-
«k<i tv« <c«n«ralty And un tnlanrvdi •wolltn and
mnamo'J proBtcttt slaml. Ai ttii* rland !¦ th«
very center of th« rtprvduettvt irium It can
naAtty b« Undlrstood thM Inflammation of It
muit couno dltord«r«4 funotlon, Thcit caMt
ar« promptly bon«flt* | i by proper treatment,
otherwise the pitlint $»** from bad to worM.
The •esantlal point In all ot th«m It th« n*o«i«
elty of the oure of the foeui of the troubU In
the prostate. Many men h&t* uniuecntfully
treated for a w«*knti* and b*oomo dlacour.
aged, when. If an antlphlogixtlc plan of treat-
ment had been adopted Inetesd of tonlee, a
euro would have been the reeult. In our ex*
pertenoe there le no drug In the Pharmaoopoea,
taken Into the stomach, that will eren boneflt
this olaaa of caiee. Our plan of treatment Is
entirely a local one, and prompt results are ob-
tained, as Indicated by Indreaeed Circulation
and return of natural vigor. Our colored chart,
which W* mall on application. Is Interesting to
any one wUhlng to study tha anatomy of tha
male.
997 MARKET STREET, Cor. Sixth
I -PALACE HOTEL-
Visitors to San Frandico -who mako
their headauarters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere.. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
HOTEL** ;
O | I"!" V\ f>lf 1 I Corner Fourth and
I.AFr nflYu s?»'-»k
vallaeg checked free.
AirDrSETYTRTTTS.
CHUTES_and ZOO
SPECIAL TO'NICHTI
TBE AMATEURS
And the Big Comic Feature,
¦ - ' ¦ a A J ¦ "-*
Fat People's Cakewalk
i Telephone for Seats'. '. Park 23.
D Af EC TANF08AN
1\ ALE J_ park.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. ,
SIX HIGH-CLASS RACES DAILY.
APRIL 20TH TO J7TH,. INCLUSIVE.
FINE CARD EVERT DAT.
Flr»t Haee Dally at 1:10 P. M.
Trains from Third and Townsend streets — 7,
10:30, 11:30 a. m.; 12:40, I, 1:10. 2 p.m.
Returning, leave track at 4:15 and thereafter
at short Intervals. Rear cars t reserved for
ladies and escorts. ; . -
ADMISSION (INCLtJDINO R. R. FARE). *1 24.
" .THOS..H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary. . ¦ .
BASEBALL.
OAKLAND is. SAW FRANCISCO.
Thursday and Friiiay. "Ladies* Days,'*
at. 3 «rs f». 7v\.
R EC RE A TION PARK,
¦ ¦ Eighth and Harrison streets.
To treat a case properly it is neces-
sary to know ail about it, and f ulf
information, many times, cannot be
given by a woman to her family phy-
Those things are known only to
women, and the aid a man would give
is not at his command. . "
How gladly 'would men fly to 'wo-
man's aid did they j but understand a
woman's feolings, trials, sensibilities,
and peculiar organic disturbances. _
Is Able to Help Sick Women
.When Doctors Fail.
WHY MRS. PINKHAM
ADVEitTlSEMJ&NTS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
y Steamers leave Broadway
' [i»k wharf, Bon Francisco:
IlwSi>^ F° r AlBfkun Ports— tt a. m.,
ItTiSHarV /tir " •'• •''¦ iUy '• ChBn K« »°
''J^rkXr^F^k ' ""'l' all >'* tt'-unieri at Be-
II £>VvC5\i»a " K '"" Victoria, Vanrnuver (n.
I BfflCraRAl r >. Port Toivns*nd, Sea(tl«.
Hr^^iSJBQiMl Taroma. Kverett* Anarortes
" and New Whateom {Wash.)—
11 a. m,, April 21, 8«, May land
every fifth rt«T »her*«fter, Chanp.* at tar«itl«
fur ttits) company'* reamers for AU»k» and fl.
K Rr.; at ttrattl* or Taeomt to N. 1*. Uy.;
• ( V«»ri<-ouvrr to C. P. Ry.
Vi'r flur^ks, Huniboidt P«y— S p. m., April
is si S«, M»y *. and fv#>ry fifth day thrr'ftflrr.
Vnr Pan J'l#c. Mopplnu inty nl Pint* Hnr-
\-m r- ti l/"« Anirrlrg iind l:r.i> tuLi (Lot An*
r ;.:..,') . Mmiwr Qu«*n. Wfdnepiiiiy*. » a. m.j
t I'-utix-r KliTitn Iliirn. l-'lini1n)F. t H. HI.
ror Panta Crat. Mont»i*y, P«n Plm<*on, Cay.
uros Tort Harforrt (Pan I.uls Oblfno). Otvloti,
Fnnt'a Uarbara, Ventura, Ihiencm* 1 , Pan Pedro,
r«rt S«n Tedro <t*f» Anarles) and Newport—
t i.-iiii't Cnmna, VriAryr, 9 a. m. 4 . eteatner lio-
r.ita Tuesd"?**. * *• "••
For rn^nnflii, Mnpdnlena Pay. Pan Jo»» del
Cnhn. Maxatlnn. Altntn. ],n P«», Banta now-
lla f nrj Ouaymas (Mcx.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
'for further information obtain company's
joiflirs.
The company referveg the rlcht to change
t'ranirm. pr.ll'ir.c flntrs and hours of Failing
without rr*vlo«* notice.
TICICKT Of F"ICI3 '— « New Montgomery
f.rwt 'Palace Hotel).
GOOPALL. rETtKIXR ft CO.. Oen. A?ts..
10 Market Pt.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast .Steamship Co.
Hi NOME
tr^H^^ GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will Sail
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the Company's New
and Splendid
Steamship Senator
For Nome Direct.
Leaving SEATTLE May 30th.
The Senator mafie five trips to Nome last
year, belns one of the first to arrive there,
inndlne: all her passenrers and freight without
OFFICE.
4 >C«>w Montgomery Street.
GOODALU PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market Street.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line frcm Portland to »H
prints East. Through tickets to all
points, all pall or steamship end rail, at
LOWEST HATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
ES. COLUMBIA Sails Apr. 13. 22 May S
ES GEO. W. ELDER.Sails Apr. 8. 18. 2S. May 8
D W HITCHCOCK. General Agent,
1 Montgomery St.. S. F.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service. , » •
rLTMOUTH-CHERBOURG-HAMBURG.
DEUTSCHLAND MAY 16, 2 P.M.
Columbia May 2] A Victoria May SS
V. Bismarck May 3) Columbia May 30
Twin-Screw Passenger Service.
PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG-HAMBURG.
W'alders^e May « Pennsylvania ...May 18
•Batavia May 11 1 Pretoria May 25
•For Hamburg direct.
Hamburg-AmerlC0O Line. 37 B'v/ay. N. Y.
HSP.ZOG & CO.. General Agents for Pacific
Coast. 451 California street.
_ - * DIRECT LINE to TAKIT/
ES. MARIPOSA (Homiuln only)
Saturday. April 17, 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
, Sunday. April 28
SS. SIERKA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Austra'ie „...
Thursday, May 9, 10 a. m.
i 1 1 SHEKELS & KSS. CO., Gaml Ignis. 327 Hartet St
to 1 Pasreger ef£a, S(3 Karkct St., fisr >c 7 ; Pacift; St
KOSMQS LINE.
Regular Bailinsr* for Valparaiso and Hamburg
via Mexican ports. Central. South America, etc.
TANIS SAILS ACGCT APRIL 30. 1301.
J. D EPRKCKELS & BROS. CO.,
General Agents, ZT1 Market st.
•raatenger and Ticket «ifflce. 327 Market Bt.,
San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL
Mrs. * Chappell, of Grant Park, 111. ,
whose , portrait we publish, advises all
suffering 1 women to seek Mrs. Pink-
ham's - advice and use Lydia E. Pink-
ham's#Vegetable Compound, as they
cured her of inflammation of the ovaries
and -womb ; she, therefore, speaks from
knowledge,' and her experience ought
to give "others confidence. Mrs. Pink-
ham's address is Lynn, Mass./ and her
advice is absolutely free.
eician. She cannot bring herself to
tell everything, and the physician is
at a constant disadvantage. This is
¦why, for the • past twenty-iiyc years,
thousands of women have been con-
fiding their troubles to Mrs. Pinkham,
and whose advice has brought happi-
ness and health to countless women in
the United StatesV
MR3. G. II. CHAPPELU
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We are beyond question |§|i®
for hoiisefurnishingsi You can depend upon what you tuy he;e The
name PATTOSIEN guarantees ihe quali'.y, the durability, and triaj: honesr,
careful workmanship which insures lasting winh We do not advertise
one thmg r. a low pria and then try ;o sell vou another. Every article is
priced on the siarc as low as merchandise fit to sell can be sold for, and that
price is so much lower than the same article sells for elsewhere that it will
pay you to do your buying here.
Carpets and rugs. Rare rug values.
1.17 1-2 for Bigelow Low- 3.25 choice new. rugs.
//*^\ jtt\ ell Brussels— all the new col- Smyrna nigs, 30x60.
\\ V*?- JKj orings and designs— the greatest Wilton rugs, 27x54.
1 /^' "V-vr* 'V<tfog%c- carpet value ever offered in San •
X Cv0l\ WAI Francisco. 1 0.00— rare rugs.
/ \ WWLv( Jf A*\ 1-60 f° r Bigelow Axmin- Prayer Turkish rugs, 42x66.
/ sters-complete line. Smyrna rugs, 6x9.
C. "/r^/^PngS T- 10 for Smith's Axmin- Ftirm'ture
V^Er^M^^A ¦*^3£&!$ stirs— complete line. _ „ .
?#fK^^^I| 90c for velvet carpets in the 2.25 reduced from $3 50-
lighter weights which resemble 1^ 0 '' dimnS "
J the better and more expensive room chairs -
/p-^**"^. qualities— borders and stairs to 3.75 reduced from $6.75 —
L>U <^> 'JgtwMrMri match. fancy corncr chairSi
B^?' 35 ' 00 for 9 XI2 exclusive 35.OO reduced from $45.00
* s «tl3> ; ~ Wilton rusrs. _ soHd mahagany Davenport
' 18.00 for 9x12 new Ax- sofas.
minster rugs— worth $25.00. Mattings — Chinese and
Quarter oak extension table-finely finished, 48-inch
round top — shaped legs — richly, carvtd— 25 to go — ciQ PZ(\ <
closing the line of these popular tables — special «3>IO«tJU
Lace curtains. Brass and iron beds. V •• jY. ' $$ym \\*\ '
75c for$i.25 ruffled muslin 2.50 for $4.00 iron bed^ '{' < MM^l^Wi J
curt ? ins-those attractive, ser- any size-for summer homes and W ' U$.$fk¥&V\ '
viceable curtains-3 yards long, s '£™** garters. | y//. y« MM .
40 irches wide. 39.75 for if^o.oo solid brass jiM V uj^fi^^wi:
_ __ . . , _ bed— bow foot — ij^-inch posts — P/^fe i if t J l ZiTv\ A WJti*
.5.25 a pair — special offer — we ll trimmed and finely lac- I /j .| X&UjffllM I S/vJ' .
Every curtain in our immense quered. ' I j/j rtjJ^^S^ xA^^V^ 1 *'*
stock up to $8.00 a pair, includ- 10.00 for $14.00 hair mat- // {•-»] L/i^ / Vli-«i
ing all the new and desirable tress _ our spe cial 3 s-lb. all hair / / Ki^T^n? VfcjJv,
makes-Renaissance, American, maUre ss-nnest ticking-a soft, * / "I ffl> P.JVMI
Arabians. Cluny. Brussels, Insa serviceable, luxurious mattress. ( M / [{$$*&
po:uts, tambours, etc. /~> 1 1 . I * *»£i) u ¦ lia.'^'i II
Couches, chairs. J 1 g«( /. ffvjMr/j
Hand-made curtains. 15.75 reduced from $22.00 jjg^ / j &|v'.A
12.50 for $l8.OO French —hair filled couches— our own «3^A\i /j.
hand-made lace curtains — a ol k 4c j j r > (^-V*V\ / ¦¥ V^C-*'
grouping of twelve distinctly elf- 26.75 reduced from $35.10 s ->^3 \SC\
gant lace curtains — renaissance — leather covered easy chairs, I ,.. V-^"' 11
and Brussels borders. . with polished oak frames.
Positively cured by theso
V v- / Littlo Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tonjrue, Pain it*
the Side, TORPID LIVER. Thjy
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
VV''-!>- ; 6mall Price. y ". ,
> ATCUSEfflZNTS.
BELASCO*** THAlLS^tfflg.
TO-NIOHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
The Most Thrllltn* of Military Drama*.
AF/iir Rphpf
1 till IivUwll
Exciting War Scenes— Patriotic Melodies.
Realistic Reproduction of Llbby Prison.
PDl'fPC EVEXINO8 10c, 13c. He, 33c. Mo
IJI1WC3 MATINEE8 10c. 13c. 23o
Next Week— Grand revival of
"TEN WIGHTS IN A BARROOM."
Principal Members of the
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC COMPANY and
ORPHEUM IMPORTATIONS.
BARNES AND SISSON. AUF GRANT. CXAT-
TON, JENKINS AND JASPER, MARION
VON SCHRADER. MLLE. ADELAIDE,
THE GREAT GOLDIN. JOSEPHINE GASS-
MAN, THE BIOORAPH.
Final "week of the blgr success.
# FRANCESCA REDDING AND COMPANY.
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats, EOc.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
Krentnjrs at *. Matinee Saturday at 2.
"IT SHINES BRIGHTER THAN EVER,"
The Brilliant Comic Opera.
THE
"HOOT /V»orv,»»
Th« RtUnlng Favorite.
• . HARTMAN as ABEL COM!*.
W1JKELAN as "HOOT MON."
POPULAR fltlOKH Mo and tOo
T*lepf»on»— Hush »,
EVERY EVENING T!l« WEEK.
MATINBB SATIirtDAY,
:'SUCCES8 rOLLOWH HUCCE08."
CbarUi II. Tula' ¦
"XHE EVIL EYE"
Evening— 3Se, RUti, r.n*. TBo* and $1.00.
MAtlnte— 23«», «<>«•, T3«,
Next Sunday Night, th« Favorites,
. AIR. JA/Vie«» NBILU
AND HIS COMPANY
By Special Request.
"A BACHELORS ROMANCE."
Beatw Ready Thursday.
IDurlnir tha NCILL »nrnc°rnent- SI'K-
CIAL BARGAIN MAT1NKE3 THURS-
DAY'S PRICES 23c AND 5Oc
GRAND' OPERA HOUSE
EVERY EVENINO THIS/WEEK.
MATrNEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Tremendous Success of
FLORENCE STONE and JACK WEBSTER
In the Biggest Hit of the Season,
UNDER
TWO FLACS
Founded on Ouida'e Celebrated Novel.
Prices— 10c. 15c, 25c, 50c. A few seats. 73c.
Good reserved seat In Orchestra. Saturday
and Sunday Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
Next Week— "MR. BARNES OP NEW YORK."
5a5Fh eat r ft^-4, p
EVERY : • ¦:
NIGHT at 8. j. *.™.?..™7!. l ..: :
THE
CONQUERORS.
Tbe Most Gorgeous Scenic and Costume Pro-
ductlon 'Ever Given at This Theater.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Seats by Phone Main 134. or Box Offlc* Six
Days in Advance.
PBICES 15c, 25c;: 35c, 50c
OLYMF*tA c^XtSJo*
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
the Three
MALVERN BROTHERS
In Their Great Acrobatic Act.
, jeanItte,
And Her Australian Cockatoos,
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
; ; '¦'¦¦ AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
METROPOLITAN HALL,
> FIFTH ST., JCEAR MARKET.
ERiNE8T 8P.TON-THOMPSON
¦Will deliver on SATURDAY. AFTERNOON
and EVENINO, two of his famous ANIMAL
LECTURES, Illustrated with stereoptlcon vtewa
of photos and drawings made by the lecturer.
Under the auspices of the California Club.
Management of Major J. H. Pond. Tickets. $1.
75c and 50c. at Sherman, Clay & Co. 's. Chil-
dren half price.
Special Children's Matinee Saturday.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
. Golden West Comedy Trio, Gua Leonard. Br«-
gers, Thatcher and Chenoweth, Jack Symonda,
Paraskova Sandolla and Tom Mack.
Reserved scats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.Wheat No. 2—
May...* 71% : 72% 71«£ 72%
July 72% 73% 71%. 72%
¦ Corn No. 2 —
April „.. 471^
May 47' 4S% 46% 48%
July.. 44% 4o',i 44H ¦ 45
Oats No. 2— • ,
May 25v4 26% 25% ' 26%
July ................ 25% 25% 25% '. 25%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May. 14 22% 14 37% . 14 22% 14 37%
July ..14 40 ; ' 14 52% 14 37% 14 52V4
Lard, per 100. pounds— ¦ .
May :..;.... 8 07% 8 15 "8 07% -8 15
July. 7S5 -8 05 7 95 8 05
September ...7 95 ' 8 02% 7 95 8 0'%
Short Ribs,- per 100 pounds —
May ."..8 15 8 20s 8 15- 8 17%
July :... : 7 87% 7 92% . 7 87% x ' 7 92%
September .....¦...¦ 1- S2% 7 90 : 7 82% - 7.87%
Cash quotations were as follows: .
Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 73c; No
3 spring wheat, 72c; No. 2 red, 72@74c; No." 2
corn, -47%c; No. 2 yellow, 47%c; No. 2 oats
27c: Xo. 2 white.' 2S%@29%c; No. 3 white. 27U
62SUc; No. 2 rye. oOVic; good feeding barley
45c; fair to choice malting. 52@56c:-No. 1 flax
seed. $1 60; No. -1 -North-western, $1 61- prim'e
timothy seed, $3t@3 75; mess pork, per -barrel
$14 35@14 40; lard, per .100 pounds, -. $8 20@8 2o'
short ribs sides (loose), $8 05@8 25: dry salted
shoulders (boxed). ¦ 6%@7%c; , short clear sides
(boxed), $& 25@8 37%; ¦¦ whisky, .• basis • of -high
wines, $127; clover, j contract grade, $10 75.,
Articles— , , Receipts. Shipments.
Flour,', barrels ...:... 41,000 23,000
Wheat." bushels- ............ ..149,000 - 1S9 000
Corn. . bushels . 108.000 562,000
Oats, bushels .... .-..396,00 461000
Rye. bushels .......:... S.000. •
Barley." bushels ....;......... .9,000 ;.'..'¦.¦•." 1,000
"On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. 'Creamery, dairies.
WHEAT— Liverpool was . weaker, but Paris
futures were higher. - - .... - ,
: Chicago opened firmer and a shade . higher.
There, was a 'good cash demand, and the. sea
board reported strong markets, with 18 loads
taken at New York for the Continent. ¦ . Cables "
were strong on the German situation and there
were more reports of damage -by bugs In Kan
sas. Foreigners • were good buyers and one dis
patch says that it looked as if the TexaS^louse
had landed on the bears, judging from the way
they - were 1 scratching around to cover . their
shorts. Berlin advanced lc per bushel and
Bradstreet's reported a decrease In the world's
stocks of 3,702.000 bushels. ' ¦ .
I This market was firm, with a further advance
on call and in.:. shipping grades. The dry
weather Is bulling. the; market here. ' •
Spot Wheat— Shipping. %X 02%@l 03%; milling,
?1 0o@l 07% per ctl. ¦ ' -, :.;
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 4000 ctls,
$1 02V4; 6000. $1 02%; December— 18,000, ?l 07;
12.CC0. $1 07% ; 2000, $1 07%- v
: Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, $1 07%.
' ' Regular Morning Session — December— 6000 ctls
$1 07%; 52.000, *1 07%; 2CO0, »1 07%; May— 20CO,
$1 02%; : 4000, $1 02%. ..; ¦'.-•, ¦ ¦
. . : Afternoon Session— December— 20pO'ctls, $1 07%.
BARLEY— Dealers changed tlJelr tune rather
suddenly yesterday, and advanced,, their asking'
prices on the prolonged dry ¦ Wfitther. • It • was
only the day before that ' they- sSia that ' a good
crop would be 'matured .without any more rain.
Now they say that unless we get a rain shortly
a good deal of train, will have to, be cut for
hay. The market is higher, » both • on ' and off
call. . with more . inquiry . from buyers. - .
.Feed-. S2%®S3%c for No. 1 and 77%@80c for off
grades ; - Brewing and Shipplng'grades, 85@ST%c ;
Chevalier,- nominal. •¦_-" . ¦: • ' .; ' • .
CALL BOARD SALES.' \. -
" Informal Session— 9:15 o'lock— December— 2000
ctls. -79%c;- 14,000. :80c. : " ; ¦ '. - -
Second Session — No sales. ¦ . !' ' .' i ' .
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000 ctls
SOc; May— 2000, S0%c. - . . u . , - - -
Afternoon ' Session— December— 2000 ctls, 79%c:
22.000,- 79%c; 6000,'. 79%c. . Wiy ??: *. . ' . - ,_..
.•. OATS — There 1. Is nothing new ; to report. * the
market being firmly, and closely held but quiet.
White, ¦ $1 37%@1 50; Surprise, nominal; Red,
?1 32%@1 45;. Black,. $1 17%@1 27% per ctl. --.'
CORN— StocRs are now almost wholly cleaned
up and ' the s market :: has ; • advanced sharply.'
Wheat and Other Grains.
Silver declined sharply and New York ex
change was also lower. . • .
Sterling Exchange, 60-days... — $4 85?4
Sterling Exchange, sight :'..... ' — 4 SS%
Sterling Cables ..— ¦ 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight _ — 12%
New. York Exchange, telegraphic — ,15
Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican. Dollars, nominal... 49% @ '¦¦ hO
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW YORK. April 24.— Among the many
broken precedents which have been recorded
in the present great Wall street speculation '
must be included the scale and character of
the professional manipulation for purely sen
timental effect on the speculative public at
large. No euch fight against a prevailing
tendency in the market was ever before wit
nessed on the New York Stock Exchange as
that of to-day. Some of the leading operators
in the recent epeculatlon are accredited with
the assertion that there is no amount, of stock
which they will not buy in order to sustain
the market for the protection of their favorite
stocks. • Such statements in Wall street are
always accepted with the allowances due to
assertions palpably made for effect. Yet to
day's market gave evidence of astonishing
boldness and aggressiveness in supporting
prices by the expedient of simply buying
everything that was offered. Prices were also
boldly bid up in spite of the increasing weight
of the selling on the advance. ' The burden of
rupport seemed to grow too heavy 'toward the
latter part of the day. although the market
had been fairly bought to a standstill after
the opening. In the latter part of the day,
however, the bull pool seemed to concentrate
attention more on the stocks which had been
«>lt>ct«»tJ for the most aggressive manipulation
for sustaining effect on prices generally and to
impress the public mind. Union Pacific was
the most conspicuous of these, but the spec
ulation also was very heavy In St. Paul,
Northern Pacific and Southern Pacific, and
Burlington, though not largely dealt in, was
very jealously supported. The total dealings
fn Union Pacific reached an aggregate of 662,
800 shares. As the total Issue of the com
pany's capital amounts - to less than 960,000
pharos of common stock, it is evident that to
day's sales would have been sufficient to
transfer the control of the company had they
represented actual transfer of stock In any
larrr proportion: Add the sales of Monday
and Tuesday with those of to-day, and we
have a total of 971,000 shares, which Is much
more than the total common stock issue. • Yet
no hint is heard from any source :hat Union
Pacific is changing hands. In fact, there was
no fresh news at all to account for to-day's
vioie-nt rise in the stock which reached an ex
treme $%. closing practically at the top. . This
case is typical of the intensely speculative
character of the recent enormous dealings In
the stock market, although to-day's business
was even more congested in a few stocks than
at any time hitherto. In fact the general mar
ket did not at -any time fully respond to the
manipulation of the leaders. Union Pacific
at the beginning of the last hour of the day
was left alono in its upward course, the sell
ing having embraced practically every other
Ftock in the list. When Union Pacific itself
psve way the slump of prices became general
throughout the list. In the principal active
Ftocks it amounted from 2 to 5 points and
from 1 to 2 points all through the general
lift. This decline offered attractive ¦ profits to
the room traders and when Union Pacific mart*
|ta final spurt the covering by the bears caused
Fome feverish rallies, but the closing was er
ratic with new points cf weakness develop
ing. The action of the market Is difficult to
explain from any news of the day and seamed
to be wholly due" to technical " causes. There
are those who believe that a very 'widespread
fe»linp exists that the speculation and the
advance In prices have been overdone." and that
there Is danger of a tight money market
which would force liquidation on an over
strained market. The disposition to draw in
speculative lines and reduce commitment* . Is
the outcome of this feeling, but it Is evident
that it Is contested by a. very powerful com
bination of speculative interests who hope to
renew th» speculative activity and advance.'
Union Pacific convertible < bonds were the
leaders of the bond market at an extreme ad
vance of 2%. The market ¦ otherwise was fair
ly active, but '-the movement -of prices was
irrprular..* Total- sales, par value. $6,325,000.
United Ftates bonds wera all ' unchanged on
the last calf. ' .
'
New York Stock Market.
CHICAGO, April 24.— The concentrated con
dition of May corn in the hands of Phillips
and his following of bulls was fully apparent
in the course of the market. Bids on an as
cending scale which set a ' fresh high record
for the crop at every fractional spot brought
out only meager sales and this was in the, face
of the assertion by elevator interests that
country acceptances last night Were consid
erably larger than for some time. On the other
hand, however, was a firm foundation for bull
Eentiment. } The' day's receipts, eighty cars,
with only ten - of contract grade, were the
smallest In eighteen 'months. Crop .bulletins
reported that no corn had been planted north
of the Ohio River and/for the first time in
some days there was a cash Inquiry. - It - is
doubtful if any actual transactions took place
for shipment, however, Phillips bid 50%c
in the open market for No. 3 and got none.
May opened unchanged. to %c higher at.46&@
47c. and in a few minutes shot up to 48c. The
short interest, apparently, has been pretty
well eliminated, as the bidding • was mostly
by bulls, led by Phillips. He wanted May all
the way up, but. got pnly 400,000 bushels. At
the top this support was withdrawn for a
time and the market reacted suddenly to 47c,
where it steadied on the renewed bull sup
port and ' reacted sharply to 48c, advanced
further -to 48^4c, reacted to 47%c and closed
strong, l%c higher at 48%c. The July option
was but little affected by the course of May.
Traffic in wheat futures was active. May
opened %@%c higher at 71%@71%c because
cables were st»ady and in sympathy with corn.
Country belief in gorgeous crop prospects was
reflected in selling orders, and for a few min
utes-there were indications of easiness. May
hpwever, worked only to 71%@71&c. - Outside
sentiment turned bullish following this and
ruled -thus to the end. The . aggressive corn
strength and highly encouraging export - talk
were the main factors, but a heavy world's
visible decrease was also Influential. • May as
cended steadily to 7254c, , but worked back to
72@72Hc on profit-taking. .The close was strong
%o higher at 72%c. ' ', . sirung.
Oats were strong In sympathy with wheat
and corn, an excellent demand for the cash
article and unfavorable weather. May closed
%c higher at 26%c. ,. 3 >¦-;,.
. Provisions were. dull and neglected, but were
strong in sympathy with the cereal market
July pork closed 7%c higher, lard 5c up and
ribs 2%c- better. :
- The 7 leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
ra« twelve hours over Northern Oregon and
there are a few favorable indications for the
development of a email depression over North
ern Nevada. This would probably result in
fresh southwest winds with considerable cloud
intss and light rain over Northern California.
Th» temperature has changed but little dur
ing the past twenty-four hours, except in the
vicinity of San Francisco, where there has
br*n a fall of 12 degrees. Conditions are
favorable for cloudy weather and fog on the
coast Thursday. ;
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 25, 190L
Northern California — Cloudy Thursday, pos
fibly light rains in northeastern portion; fresh
southwest winds.
Southern California,— Cloudy Thursday; fresh
eouthwost -wind. ¦
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday: cooler in extreme
n'>rthtrn portion; fresh westerly winds.
Utah— Cloudy Thursday, cooler Thursday
night; light northerly winds. ¦
Arizona— Cloudy Thursday, continued warm;
lip-ht southerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Thursday,
threatening at night; brisk southwest winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
¦ . ' -. ' Forecast Official.
FORECAST,
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
ES; minimum, 4S; mean. S3.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Afternoon Session. ~-,"— ¦
Board—
; 50 Bank, of California ..........406 00
25 Contra Costa Water 74 g7ii
205 Contra Costa Water 75 00
10O Contra Costa Water, s 90 75 00
25 Equitable Gas 3 j-jz
25 Honokaa S Co gj oq
5 MakaweH S Co 41 iou
35 Makaweli S Co 41 k
50 Makaweli S Co, b 30 " 4? 1£v.
10 Pacific Gas Imp "** 38 50
35 S F Gas & Electric Co " « nn
$20CO S P of A bonds (1909)..... '.'."in 23
; 15 Spring ValleyWater 89 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornins- Session.
Board —
200 Home • -,
1000 Independence, b 30..... ." *n
50 Kern " ,S
100 Kern River • ,i SJ
150 Lion u 9®
100 Monarch of Arizona.... .-••-. a»
200 Monarch of Arizona, s 30... •"¦••• « .
200 Monarch of Arizona ¦""* ¦£
10O Occidental of West Virginia ¦" ?a
1300 Occidental of West Virginia. ks
75 Peerless. " 8 S2
100 Peerless, b 60 I Si
500 Petroleum Center \...Z.;.....~ «
500'Senator :.........*""* 1 en
50 Sterling .......:. "..'.V.".".":.'- 2 024
V- Street— ¦¦- ¦ '.**
1000 Independence M .
-' -* ' ." - - Afternoon' Session. ''-*
1000 Four '..... •' rn
2000 Four, s 90... ••••...... o«
200 Four, a 30 '......•......... 'A
. 1 Hanford " \i
100 Home ..... ,1%
2500 Independence, b 60 jn
500 Independence ••••••• . «
15 Kern River •••¦•••••
S00 Oil 'City Petroleum . «
10 Peerless : ' 7 m*
• 10 Peerless ............;. 800
2000 Petroleum Center, b.30...: * i*
1500 Red Bank ;r. J.*.*.*.*.". 13
100 Shamrock '. $q
SAN FRANCISCO OIX. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
- Board— *
1200 California-Standard 33
4 Hanford ...:..... 83 00
Bay C P C 6s.lO3^ — Oak W Co 5s.. 102^105
Cal-st Cab os.117 — Oceanic SS 5s. 103% —
O C Water 5s. 110 — • Om C R 6s 126 —
E L & P 6s...i:SV4133»i Pac G Imp 4s. — —
F.& Cl Ry 6s.. 115 — Pk & Cl R 6s. 105 —
Geary-st R 3s.— — , Pk & O R 6s. .117 —
Haw C 5%s...lO6% — Powell-st R 6sl20 — "
Haw C 5s 102H — S E G & R 5s — 101
LARR.5S..— — SF& SJV 5s. 119% —
L A. L Co 6s.. — 102 S R of Cal 6s.U0 — "
Do gntd 6s.. —'104 S P of A 6s
Do gntd 5s.. 100 102 (1909) il3^ —
L A P R R 0S.IC274 — Do (1910) ....113%114
Do 1st C 5s. .101 . — S P C 6s (1905.
Market-st C 6s — 127% Series A) 106% —
• Do 1st C 53.122% — Do(Series B)107% —
NCNGRis- 113^4 Do (1906) ....110 —
N R of Cal 6s. — 115 Do (1912) .'... — —
N R of Cal 5s.ll9 — Do 1st gs 5s. 106*4 —
N P R R 6s. .102% — S P Br R 6s. .133 — '
N P R R 5s..lO8%109 S V Water 6S.113 113%
N Cal R 3s 111% — Do 4s 103%104
O G L & H 5s.llO% — Do 3d mtg..lO2% f
Oak Tr Co 6s. 115^ — Stkn G & E 6slOO <-
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 75 76 I Spring Valley. 89% —
Marin County. 53% — l
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 4 Pac Lt Co.... 42% 43%
Equit Gas .... 3% 3% Sac E G & R. — —
Mut El Lt... 3%— S F G & E.. 42 —
O G L & H.. 50 51 San Francisco 4% 4%
Pac Gas Imp. 38 39 Stktn G & E. 7% —
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund.235 245 |
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 75 79 Lon P & A.. ..147 — •
Bank of Cal..405% — Mer Ex (liq.) 18 — .
Cal Safe Dep.105% — S F National — 125
1st Nof S F.310 .-»
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1830 1900 Sav & Loan.. — :'— : <
Humboldt — — Security 273 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust... — —
S F Sav U.;..515 :
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Calif ornia-st . — 140 ' O S L & H.. 40 —
Geary-st ...... 47%— Presidio 22 30
Market-st ..... 70% —
POWDER STOCKS.
Vlgorit 2% 2%lGiant Con Co. 75 78
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan ... 7Vi 7% Kilauea 20% —
Haw Com ...53 — Makaweli .... 41% —
Honokaa 30% 3lVi Onoraea 28 2S%
Hutch S P 20% 21 Paauhau 30 Sl?4
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack..l34 134% Oceanic SS Co 45% —
Cal Fruit Can — ' 98 Pac A F A.. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.lOO — Pac C Bor Co. — —
Mer Ex Assn.110 — Par Paint Co. 18 —
Morning Session. J*? ?f'-:
. \ • Board—
95 Alaska Packers" Association 134 60
50 Honokaa S Co 30 75
120 Hutchinson S P Co 20 50
50 Kilauea S P Co 20 50
20 Makaweli S Co ;.. 41 12%
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 41 75
5 Spring Valley Water 90 12%
100 Spring Valley Water 90 00
$2000 Spring Valley Water 4s (2d mtg)...103 75
Street — '
20 Market Street Railway 70 75
$91,000 Market-st R R con Ss 122 25 •
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
BId.Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s coupon 113%113% 4s coup (new).139%140»i
4s registered.. 113%U3Ti I Js quar coup..lll%112K
UNITED STATES BONDS.
WEDNESDAY, April 24—2 p. m,
Business on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange was quiet and ' prices showed no
change worthy of note.
In the afternoon Contra Costa Water sold
up to $75 and Makaweli to $41 62%. Spring
Valley Water was low:r at $S9 75.
The oil stocks continued quiet and feature
less.
The following oil dividends are announced:
Central Oil Company. 3 per -cent, payable April
25; Globe Oil Company, % per -cent on par
value of stock, payable April 25.
The Standard Mining Company has declared
a dividend of 10c.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Features were lacking in the market for
evaporated apples. Export demand was dor
mant and only trading to meet immediate re
quirements took place at former prices. State
common, 3JHc; prime, 4%@4%c; choice, 5<35%c,
and fancy, 6@6%c. , .
California dried fruits were featureless and
nominally unchanged.
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
. APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c ; Moorpark] 8%@
13c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 12%@20c; unpeeled, 5%@
10a . ¦
DRIED FRUITS,
WHEAT— Receipts, 177.700 bushels; exports,
55,826 bushels. Spot strong. No. ; 2 red, 82^ic
f. o. b. afloat and SOc elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, S7%c f.-o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
91%c . f. .0. b. afloat. Options were active and
strong all day. Bull sentiment revived under
strong Continental demand, continued West
ern support, the rise in corn, active covering,
a -large decrease in world's . stocks and light
offerings. Finally eased off under, profit-taking.
The market closed irregular, at- V4@%c net rise.
May, 78%@79 15-16c, closed 79%c; July, 77^@
78 13-16c. cloeed 78%c; September, . 76%@77%c,
closed 77c. /•»»«.
"WOOL— Dull. : ' ¦
HOPS— Quiet. :.
HIDES— Dull. .
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 1 invoice, 6c;
mild market, dull; Cordova, 8%@12%c; futures
closed steady, . -with prices net unchanged to
five points higher. Total sales were 80 000
bags, including: May, $5@5 05; July, $5 20;
September. $5 35; October, $5 40; , November,
$5 45; December, $5 6O@5 60; January, $5 70'
March, $5 80.
. SUGAR— Raw. strong. Fair refining, 3 ll-16c
centrifugal, 96 test. 4 3-16@4%c; molasses sugar
3 7-16ST3V4C; refined, firm. - .
BUTTER— Receipts, 4625 packages; firm.
Creamery, 13@20c; factory, ll@13Hc; Imitation
creamery, 13',£@17%c.
EGGS— Receipts. 17. S61 packages; quiet. West
ern regular packing, 14c; storage Western, 14
@14%c.
NEW YORK. April 24.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,328 barrels; exports, 2998. Again very firm
and held generally higher, but to the detri
ment of business. . ' . . ' ' ¦
New York Grain and Produce.
Mary Love to Annie A. Love, lot on W line
of San, Bruno avenue, 110 N of Eve street. N
125 by W 66. Precita Valley lots 247 to 253: also
lot on E line of Adam street. • 13a N of Eve,
N 75 by E 66; also lot on NE corner of Potrero
avenue and Augusta street, E 100 by N 25:
also lot on N line of Silver avenue. 24 SW of
Vermont street, SW 88:7. W 6:3, N 50. E 80:2.
lots 302 and 410. Silver Terrace Homestead;
gift. : •
Mary A. Carroll to William J. Somers, lot
on SE corner of California street and Van
Ness avenue. S 72 by E 145:3; $42,500.
John C. Bateman to J. G. Black. lot on N
line of Pacific street. 173:6 W of Gougn. W
34, N 133. W 12; N 12:2%. E 42, S 54:2*. E 4.
S 91; J700O.
Thomas G. and Sarah J. Taylor to August
F. and Annie Burmester, lot on S Iiae of Fil
bert street. 137:6 E of Laguna, E 25 by S 137:6;
$1500.
Lulu K. and Loring B. Doe to Alice Kennedy
(wife of John F.). lot on N line of Grove street,
137:6 W of Octavia. W 57:3 by N 120; JSCOO.
Delia Ryan to James Ryan, lot on S line
of Sacramento street. 106:3 W of Baker. W 25
by 8 137:6; gift.
Thomas F. Burke to R. Dunsmalr*» Sons
Company, lot on S line of Fulton street, 17i
W of Baker. W 25 by S 137:6; $2000.
Eva E. Fisher to William Rlgby, lot on W
line of Cook street, 425 N of Point Lobos ave
nue, N 25 by W 120; *2.
William and Ellen A. RJgby to Bay City
Homestead and Loan Association, same; $5.
John and Luna Stlerlen to Prentlss A. da
Veuve, lot on E line of Clayton street. 300 3
of Frederick. S 23 by E 101:3; $3C00.
f George D. and Susan T. Gray to Agnes A.
Foerater. lot on NE corner of Clay and Cherry
streets, E 137:6, N 146:9%. W to a point 8
166:2; $13,000.
George J. McHenry to Mary Burns, undivided
one-quarter interest in lot on N line of O*Far
rell street. 438:6 W of Steiner. W. 37 by N S2 S
(Hamilton Square): grant.
Byron D. W. and Earl I* Jordan (minors).
May (or Almlra) M. Shrall (as guardian of es
tates of said minors and as administratrix of
estate Lillie M. Jordan) to J. L. Vermeil, lot
on SW corner of Folsom and Twentieth, streets.
So by 122:6; $5000.
Mary Wyre to Andrew B. Knox, lot on V,
line of Valencia street, 101:6 N of Twentieth,
N 25 by W 100; .
Louis Stevenson to Nels S. Nelson, lot on
B line of Noe street. 27:6 N of Henry. N 23
by E 105; $500.
Andrew B. and Jennie G. Knox to Joseph
H. Robinson, lot on S line of Ford street, 233
E of Noe. E 25 by S 114; $2500.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Joseph and
Catherine Schilling, lot on W line of Hartford
street, 328:3 N of Eighteenth. N 23 by W 102;
$3500. . _.
Delia Ryan to James Ryan, lot on N line
of Fifteenth street, 196 W of Noe, W 25 by N
115; gift. '
Same to same, lot on S,lln» of Henry street.
18iJ W of Noe, W 28 by S 115; gift. -~
Home Fire and Marine Insurance Company
(formerly Home Mutual Insurance Company)
to Alvlna Weissmann (wife of Frederick), lot
on NE corner of Twenty-fifth and Sanchez
streets. N 28:6 by E 100; $1500.
Frederick Weissmann to Alvina Weissmann.
same; gift.
Home Fire and Marine Insurance Company
(corporation, formerly Home Mutual Insur
ance Company) to Balfour-Guthrie Invest
ment Company, lot on N line of California
street. 45 E of Sansome. E 24 by N 70: $33,000.
Prospero and Glsella Bacigalupo to Severino
Glampollnl and Davide Demartinl. lot on W
line of Keamy street, 100 S of .Filbert, S 20
by W 60: $2000.
Mary C. Barry to S. Klarenmeyer. lot on W
line of Taylor street. 137:6 S of Ellis. S 25 by
W 80; $15,000.
Estate of Charles O'Neill foy R. S. Thorn
ton, executor) to Margaret English, lot on X
line of Minna street. 50 E of Fourth, E 25 by
N 70: $4425. • '
Delia Ryan to James Ryan. l<">t on S line
of Bryant street. 22 E of Sixth, E 75 by S 75;
gift.
Lulu K. and Lorinnc B. Doe to Alice. Ken
nedy (wife of John F.). lot on SW corner of
California street and Eighteenth avenue, 9 75
by W 120: $2000.
Peicy W. and Sara A. -Treat to William J.
Gunn. lot on N line of A street. 82:* W of
Ei*hteenth avenue. W 23 by N 100; $150.
Frederick T. Duhrinsr (late trustee estate of
J. C. Beideman) to Union Trust Company of
San Francisco (trustee estate of J. C. Beide
man). lot on TV line of Fifth avenue. 300 >T
of D street. N 25 by W 120; $ .
Ephralm C. Cha^uette to Albert B. Cha
1 ouette lot on W line of Tenth avenue, 300
S of L street. S 23 by W 120: $300.
Martraret Geary to Magpie T. Geary, undi
vided % of lot en S line of Point Lobos avenne.
125 W of Ferrie (Blake). W 25 by S 125; gift.
M. McCann to Annie T. Zollver (wife of John
A.), lot on S line of Elm avenue, 90 E of Fill
more. E 30 by S 20, quitclaim deed; $20.
Frederick E. Hartmann to Minna Foerst. lot
on S line of California street, 47:6 E of Pierce,
E 22:6 by S 87:6; $3500.
William K. Van Alen to Fannie H. Rosen
blatt (wife of M. D. Rosenblatt), lot on W line
of Lyon street. 30 S of Clay. S 3:6 by W 87:8;
$300. <
Elizabeth M. and Charles C. Wilson to John
Stierlen, lot on NE corner of Frederick and
Masonic avenues. N 128:1 by E 119; $10,000.
Jacob Schuler to Josephine Schuler, lot on S
line of McAllister street, 262 E of First avenue,
E 25 by S 137:6; $1000.
City and County of San Francisco to Abbia
It. Wood (executrix of. the estate of J. M.
Wood), lot on E line of Dolores street, 80 S
of Eighteenth, S 58 by E 110; — .
Estate of Joseph M. Wood (by Abbie R. and
Martha Wood, executors) to Joseph O'Connor,
lot on E line of Dolores street, 60 S of Eight
eenth. S 29 by E 110: J17C0.
John J. Cochran or John Corcoran and Mar
garet F. Cochran to Mary F. and Ellen Brown,
lot on S line of Twenty-third street. 175 W of
Sanchez. W 25 by S 114; $2000.
Emllie Klrchhelner • (widow) to Emlll*
Kirchheiner (daughter), lot on E line of
Twenty-eighth avenue, 100 S of U street, S 25
by E 120; gift. .
Builders' Contracts*
Samuel G. Murphy (owner) with Ceorsra
Goodman (contractor), architects Reid Bros. —
Excavation and concrete -work for residence on
NW corner of Pacific avenue and Brolertclc
street. Western Addition block 546: $6435.
Same owner with California Electrical Works
(corporation, contractor), architects same-
Electrical work for same. on same: $1074 B0.
Same owner .'with Royal Heating Company
{corporation, contractor), architects same—
Steam heating work for same on same; $1455.
Same owner with D. O'Sullivan (contractor),
architects same— Lathing and plastering for
same on same; • $1390.
James M. Talbert (owner) with Cotter *
Jones {contractors), plans by owner — All -work
for a five-room and basement cottage on "W
line of Lyon street, 75 S of Pine, S 23 by XT
87:6; $2400.
Mary A. Freeman (owner) with J?. H. Spauld-
Ing (contractor), architect Hermann Earth— All
work for a two-story frame building (two flats)
with rough basx-merit and brick foundation on
lot on S line of Bush street. 50 E of Baker
E 25 by S 37:6. W A 538; $4123. : '
P. Barbierl (owner) with P. A. Antonelil
(contractor) architect Thomas I. Welsh— All
¦work for a two-story frame building upon &
brick foundation on lot on E lln» of Kolsom
street, 24:6 N of Twenty-sixth, E * 73 S '48
W-73. N- 24:6: $3727 50. ' *
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco
(owner) with J. Leonard and M. Keating* (con
tractors), architect Charles J. I. Devlin—Con
crete, gratnlte and iron work, damp proofln*
and certain excavation work for a '-story
frame "church on lot on W line of Diamond
street, 73 S of Eighteenth. S 98:8 by W 123
$2282. . .
Same owner with Daniel Powers (contractor)
architect same— Carpenter. Joinery and mtfl
work, sheet metal work, stairs, hardward,
plass ar.d certain iron. work for same on same
$13,333.
Martino Seater.a (owner) with P A An
tpnelll (contractor), architects Stone & Smith-
Brick, concrete and carpenter work, plastertnsr
and painting for a 2-story frame residence on
N line of Lnlon street. 107:11% E of Van Ness
a venue j E 50 by N 137:6. Western Addition
block 4o; {4S30.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
(120th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24—6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, a? compared with those of the same date
lost KasoaJ and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours:
Weather Report.
Mail advices from New York 6ay: "The
trade is buying in a hand-to-mouth way in
practically every line of dried fruits. Some
dealer* in currants report a very slight im
provement in consumptive demand; there is. a
ccntinuance of speculative inquiry from a cer
tain large local jobbing house and figs continue
to fell quite freely, but otherwise conditions
prevailing throughout the market are dis
couraging. Stocks of California prunes are 4n
crf-asir.g and prices are weakening, with buy
ing all for immediate wants. Supplies of Ore
eens also are becoming excessive for this sea
sen of the year, and some sales at extremely
low prices are heard of. «jne lot of about a
car It was Ftated yesterday, which were marked
20-SOs, but counted nearer 30-40s, were sold at
6 '4c in 25- Jp boxes. Forties to fifties can be
bought at 4%c. Trade in seeded raisins, both
en the spot and from the • coast, is small.
There would be more business in goods from
the coast but for the special label which the
association has specified must be printed on
each carton. This feature is strongly objected
to by the trade without exception. Trade in
loose raisins is very light. Apples are quiet,
¦with few goods of etdcily prime quality to be
had." •
New York Dried Fruit Market.
NEW YORK . STOCK LIST.
Shares . > ; Closing
Sold: Stock— ' Bid.
' 65.300 Atchison' 67%
18.800 Atchiscn prefd 96
. 8,000 Baltimore & Ohio : 97
;'.. Canadian Pacific ..'.:. V. •..•• 95U
2,700 Canada Southern : 74VI
«.4OO Chesapeake & Ohio.. 47
' 1.S0O Chicago Great Western 22U
24.900 Chjcago. Burlington & Qulncy 19G%
3,100 Chicago, lad & Louisville 38
1,700 Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd.... 70%
1,000 Chicago & Eastern Illinois.... '...... 129
C.900 Chicago & Northwestern: ..:..203%
13,900 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific... .153
3,300 C C C & St Louis. 84
8,200 Colorado Southern *. 13%
3,100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 60%
¦ 1,700 Colorado Southern 2d prefd.......... 23
4,700 Delaware & Hudson. .......:'.. ...177
Delaware. Lack & Western ....218si
1,200 Denver & Rio Grande... '.....'.:' 43 - 3f;
300 Denver & Rio Grande prefd......... 94*
19.800 Erie .....'......... 37&
4.C0O Erie 1st' prefd 68%
600 Great Northern prefd.. .......177 .
300 Hocking Coal ..'. 1S%
600 Hocking Valley 51
7,100 Illinois Central 140%
200 Iowa Central 30%
CCO Iowa Central prefd 60%
3.900 Lake .Eric & Western. ..: 64%
Lake Erie &¦ Western prefd.: 125 .
Lake Shore ." ..'..........230
14,000 Louisville & Nashville 104%
29,500 Manhattan Elevated ...; 127%
20,600 Metropolitan Street Railway :172%
2.&00 Mexican Central 22%
. 100 Minneapolis & St Louis 83-
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 112
22,800 Missouri Pacific 10«%
Mobile & Ohio, t r. 82
15.500- Missouri, Kansas & Texas.....: 31%
15.200 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd. ..'63%
New Jersey Central 157
6,500 New York Central 151%
4.000 Norfolk & Western 53
Norfolk & Western prefd 86% \
70,500 Northern Pacific 103% j
fl.f-GO Northern Pacific prefd 9S76
8.400 Ontario & Western 34%
Oregon Railroad & Navigation 42
Oregon Railroad & Nav prefd 76
3.300 Pennsylvania C 158%
3,900 Reading 37
6,700 Reading 1st prefd 75%
6,300 Reading 2d prefd 52%
Rio Grande Western 79
Rio Grande Western prefd 100
8,400 St Louis & San Francisco 45%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 84
1,000 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 67%
6,600 St Louis. Southwestern 37
2.000 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 64
132,200 St Paul 167%
S.100 St Paul prefd ...190%
St Paul & Omaha 139
115.W0 Southern . Pacific ." 61%
11.400 Southern Railway ..• 29V4
5,600 Southern Railway prefd 82%
42,800 Texas & Pacific...... 46%
662.S00 Union Pacific 107%
98,700 Union Pacific prefd... 90%
2,300 Wabash : 20Vi
13,200 Wabash nrefd 39V4
100 Wheeling & I.ake Erie 1S%
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 24%
29.100 Wisconsin Central 22V*
Third Avenue 124%
1,200 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 91
National Tube 66%
National Tuts prefd 118
Express companies—
Adams 165
American 196
£00 United States 90
Wells-Fargo 148
Miscellaneous —
800 American Cotton Oil 27
300 American Cotton Oil prefd 86
American Malting — 5
100 American Malting prefd 24
20,300 American Smelting & Refln... 61%
1,600 American Smelting & Refin prefd.. PS»-i
American Spirits 2%
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop 46%
American Steel Hoop prefd 95
American Steel & Wire 47%
American Steel & Wire prefd 110%
American Tin Plate 76
American Tin Plate prefd 117
23,100 American Tobacco 125%
American Tobacco prefd 144
6,400 Anaconda Mining Co : 48%
39,500 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 83%
4,100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 94
8,000 Continental Tobacco ...: 44
400 Continental Tobacco prefd .104
Federal Steel 53%
Federal Steel prefd ....103^
200 General Electric- ....220%
500 Glucose Sugar 51
100 Glucose Sugar prefd 97
COO International Paper ' 2514
100 International Paper prefd 78 ii
200. Laclede Gas 85
1,700 National Biscuit 39%
National Biscuit prefd 96
National Lead 1714
100 National Lead prefd 83
National Steel 56%
National Steel prefd .......113"
300 New York Air Brake 166
2.200 North ¦American 87
100 Pacific Coast 61
..: — Pacific Coast 1st prefd .-....-. 33
200 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 68
1,500 Pacific Mail 39'
15,109 People's Gas -....11344
700 Pressed Steel Car *... .....'. 45U
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd S2W
200 Pullman Palace Car 209
100 Standard Rope & Twine. 4%
63.400 Sugar '. H3
, 200 Sugar prefd 122
¦ 6.100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 63
6.200 United States Leather ¦ 13«
2,400 United States Leather prefd 76V
600 United States Rubber 20»i
300 United States Rubber prefd- 61 '
1,700 Western Union 92%
2,500 Amalgamated Copper .'...«.. 120
4,100 Republic Iron & Steel Co 20%
1.G00 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 75Vi
42,700 United States Steel ; 45S
23,700 United States Steel prefd 93%
....... P C C & St Louis 69
2.026,400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 2s reg ref..'...106% NYC lfts 107W
Do coupon lOeH NJC gen 5s 132W
Do 3s' reg.. ..:.... 110% N Pacific 3s... 72%
Do 3s coupon.... UlVi Do 4s ;. 105%
Do new 4s reg...l3S% NY C & St L 4s. 107
Do new 4s coup.. 139% N &-W con 4s.. 101
Do old. 4s- reg...U3*fc Or Nav. lsts...... 109
Do old 4s coup... 113% Do 4s 'ics
Do 5s reg. HOVi Or-Short Line 6s..'l2S
Do 5s coupon — 111H Do con 5s ....117
Dist'of Col 3.65s. ..125 Reading gen 4s.. 95
Atchison gen 4s.. .102% R G W lsts 101U
Do adj 4s 95% St L & I M con'ssillS^
Canada So Ms..... 108 St L & S F gen 6s.lSl%
Ches & O 4%s 105% St Paul cons 193
Do 5s ..122 St P C & P lsts....imi
Chi & N con 7s. ...142 Do 5s i2nii
Do S F deb 5s.-...124 S Pacific 4s..' " 931S
Chicago Term 4s... 95 S Railway 5s... 117 "
Colorado So 4s 8714 Stand R &' T 6s. 58
D & R G 4s.-.. 102^4 Tex & Pac lsts....'l20
Erie gen 4s 87% Do 2ds 100
F W & D C lsts...lC*>% U Pacific. 4s...... ..105%
Gen Electric 5s 185% Wabash lsts l»o
Iowa Cent lsts 116% Do 2ds 1W&
L & N uni 4s ..102% West Shore 4s ui%
M K & T 2ds 82% Wise Cent lsts 8ST4
Do 4s ..."...».. 9SVi Va Centuries 95%
. . MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con..../:.... • 23 | Little Chief.. .14-
Alice : ' 35jOntario 900
tireece 1 3SjOphir v \ .90
Brunswick Con 21jPhoenlx ,C3
Comstock Tunnel... 05 Potosi 06
Con Cal & Va.. .2 15 Savage .03
Deadwcod Terra.... t 50 Sierra. Nevada...... '23
Horn Silver. .v...'...:i 10 Small- Hopes ; 60
Iron Silver.". . 60 Standard : 4 00
Leadville Con .05 .;
.BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS."
Money - Westinghse;Elec... 64
Call loans 3 @4 '¦' Bonds
Time loans.. .....3%64% N E Gas & C 5s... 65
-. Stocks— . ¦ Mining Shares—
Atch.T & Sta Fe.. 68% Adventure ..... 16Vi
I>o prefd 96 Bingham Min Co.. 26%
American Sugar.. .143. Amalg Copper .120V4
Do prefd: ....122 Atlantic 33
Boston Elevated. ..175% Boston & Mont....435
Chi B & Q.... 195% Butte & Boston. ...114
Dominion Coal..... 37% Calumet & Hecla..S23
Do prefd.-. ...«»'.' Centennials........ 2S%
Fitchburg prefd. ..220 'Franklin ........... 18%
Silver and New York Exchange lower. . . ; -;
Wheat and Barley advanced again.
Oats firm and closely 'Iield. Rye 'dull. ;v^
Corn cleaned up and much higher. ;
Bran and Rolled Barley advanced. Hay unchanged.
Bean market waiting for the Government award:*
Arrival of large shipments of Mexican Tomatoes and Limes.
Potatoes firm and Onions easy. {
Butter, Eggs and Cheese as previously quoted. '¦ W^
Poultry market overstocked with Hens and old Roosters. fj
Cherries slow" of sale this year.
Dried Peaches, Apples and Apricots continue firm.
Provisions in larger "stock and smaller demand. .. ¦"
Business quiet on the local stock exchanges.
Twelve cars of Oranges auctioned. ~J. ?¦•
A car of Tomatoes in from Texas.
; WASHINGTON, Aorll 24.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve,
shows: Available cash balance, $153 026,657
gold, $94,782,080. . ¦: . -
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, April 24.— Close— Money on call,
steady, at 3@4% per J cent; last loan, 3% per
cent; ruling rate, 4 per cent;- prime mercantile
paper, 4@4% per cent. Sterling exchange
strong, with actual business in bankers' bilis
at • $4 SSHS^ 88U for demand and at $4 85®
4 85% for 60 days; posted rates; $4 85%@4 86
and $4 89; commercial bills, $4 S4 1 i@4 84%. Sil
ver certificates, nominally 60c; bar silver, 59%c;
Mexican dollars, 4S 1 ,ic Bonds— Government,
steady; State, steady; railroad, irregular.
Nfiiv York Money Market.
Atchison, 69%; Canadian Paciflc,' 98^i; Union
Pacific preferred, S9; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 100%; Grand Trunk, 9%: Anaconda, 10%.
Bar silver opened weak, but closed : steadier at
27'7-16d. The decline of %d from last, night's
close was due to forced- selling : orders • and
profit-taking before American advices were re
ceived. Money, 3% per cent. • / .
CLOSING,
NEW YORK, April 24.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London, financial ..cablegram, says:
The stock market ,here was engrossed In . the
settlement to-day, after' which the tendency
to buy for speculative ' account was generally
smajl— except in Americans,' where it was very
large and required prolonged arrangement.
Trading in the American department ; became
heavy and everybody was inclined to sell on
the break yesterday afternoon and. the day be
fore in' New York. But early purchases of
Union Pacific hardened the list, then New
York opened strong and there was a great de
mand for Union Pacifies, which advanced 'by
leapstjand bounds. The Northern Pacific issues
and SC-Paul also wera wanted and the bidding
for these hoisted the most of the list. . Lon
don, however, . is rendered very apprehensive
by. these' sporadic movements." Money was
hard owing to the ¦ large sums locked up
against the new issue of consols. Silver was
weak on profit-taking for speculative account.
London Market:
Oen Electric 218 Humboldt 25
Mexican Central... 22 Osceola 186%
ni^ r. 6 ,* 5 & Coke " n % Parrot 57
2 2 'S 0 ' 0 "/-. " 2U Qulncy .177
Old Dominion 33 Santa Fe Copper... gu,
£ ubb «r 20 Tamarack ....335 "
Ln on Pacific 1.07«/i Utah Mining....... 34%
Union Land 3 WInona 4%
West End 95% Wolverines 54%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET^.
FOR WEDNESDAY. APRIX, 24.
Flour, qr sks..'....15.S90 Shorts, sks 112
Wheat, ctls 2,435 Straw, tons 23
Barley, ctls '.„ 4,870 Wool, bales 867
Oats,' Ctls :.. 480 Wine, gals 62,600
Beans, sks 351 Sugar, ctls 5,000
Corn, ctls 2,300 Tallow, ctls 224
Rye, ctls 360 Leather, rolls 69
Potatoes, sks . 920 Quicksilver, flsks 40
Onions, sks 409 Chicory, bbls 25
Bran, sks.: 2,513 Hides, No 297
Middlings, sks.... 110 Pelts. bdl3 464
Hay,' tons 335
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks..... 1,0691 ¦:(: i> '¦";}:
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed, 6.15c; Powdered. 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.75c; Dry Granulated. 5.65c: Confec
tioners' A, 5.63c; Fruit Granulated, 5.50c;
Magnolia- A. 5.25c; Extra C, 5.15c; Golden C,
5.05; barrels, 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more;
boxes, EOc more: 60-lb bags. 10c more. No
orders taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominos. half-barrels. 6.40c; boxes.
6.65c per lb. '
I COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50: Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egjr, $14;
Cannel, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descrip
tions, $8 45 per 2000 pounds and $3 50 per ton,
according to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
BAGS— San .Quentin Bags, $5 65; 'Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6%(9'6%c; local make, %c less than
Calcuttas; .Wool Bags. 30@34c; Fleece Twine,
7%(iiSc. ¦• . ...
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 180 lbs and under. 694c;
130 to 225 lbs, 6%®6%c; 225 and over. 6@«4c;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 8%@9%c
BEEF— 7®8o for Steers and 6@7c per lb for
cows. • - - •¦ ' a
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@3%c; Ewes, 7%QSc per
pound. -
LAMB— Spring, 9@9%c per pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
-HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about me under quotations. ' Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%c; medium, 8%c; light. 8c. Cow
Hides, 8%c for heavy and Sc for light; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 9c: Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 15%@16c: Culls, 13^4® 14c:
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. 15@17c: Culls and
Brands. 13@llc; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c
each; short Wool. 30® 40c each; medium. 50® 65c;
long Wool, 75c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 50 for large and $2(Q<2 25 for medium. $1@1 25
for small and EOc for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large, $1 25 for medium. $1 for small
and. 50c fcr Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins, 3tc: fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or
thin skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras.
75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium. 3oc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; No. 2.
3y>«f4c; grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 15@16c per lb; Northern, free, 12®
13c; defective. 9@llc: Middle County, free, 100
lie: do, defective. 8@10c; Southern. 12 months,
8t&9c; Southern. fn!e. 7 months. 7610c; do. de
fective,- 7 months, ..7@Sc; Oregon Valley, flne.
15@16c; do. medium and coarse, 14@15c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 12®14c; do, fair to good. 9@llc;
X HOP&-15@20c per lb. - ' ¦ '.
half -barrels. 8%c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces.
8%c; rive tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides. Tallow, Wool and Hops. '
WEDNESDAY, April 24—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. BMAsfc.
Alpha C3 03 Justice CB OS
Alta 04 C6 Kentuck 01 02
Andes Co 06 Lady Wash.... 01 C2
Belcher ........ 13 14,Mexican 32 33
Best & Belcher 15 15 [Occidental 03 C3>
Bullion 02 OJIOphir 1 CO 1 05
Caledonia 63 70>' Overman, 18 IS
Challenge Con.. 10 12 Potosi 07 CS
Chollar 07 09 Savage • C3 10
Confidence 60 63|Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 30 2 3J;Seg Belcher.... 02 Cl
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 24 26
Con New York. — OllSllver Hill 36 4»
Crown Point... 16 17 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con.... 06 — Standard —3 9%
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate — 05
Gould & Curry. 16 17 Union Con 12 1J
Hale & Norcrs. 24 25 Utah 02 0$
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 13 U
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
200 Best & Belcher 16 j 100 Mexican 33
100 Con Cal & Va..2 30 200 Ophir 1 0i>
300 Gould & Curry. 17 20O Savage 03
200 Hale & Norcrs. 2»J ;: _»
Afternoon Session.
Following were the- sales In the Paciflo Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belcher 17t 500 Ophir %m
900 Con Cal & Va..2 30 200 Ophlr 9»
1400 Gould & Curry. 17 200 Ophlr »
1200 Mexican 33' 300 Overman 1?
300 Ophlr 1 02'zai 800 Sierra Nevada., ii
200 Bullion 021 300 Gould & Curry. 15
10O Challenge 11 100 Mexican 33
200 Con Cal & Va..2 30 S0O Savage o<i
10© Confidence .,... 601 200 Utah 02
300 Crown Point.... 171
Afternoon Session.
Following were the gales In tho San Fran
cisco .Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha Con P2 500 Mexican S3
20O Chollar 07 SCO Ophlr 1 00
400 Con Cal & Va..2 30 400 Savage* 03
50 Con Cal & Va..2 35
MINING STOCKS.
Aftemooa Session.
X'OS^TQ™™ ¦
500 Four Oil Co>**««*««**«***«*****«********* BO
100 Home Oil 3 45
200 Home Oil 3 40
50<) Lion - 17
500 Monarch of Arizona 54
JO Sterling 2 02H
100 West Shore * 85
' The falling off In the demand for Hams and
Bacon , on account I of the I high prices is "shown
by the ; increased ¦¦ stocks, Tand; the market/ is
generally quoted easy and dull, though no de
cline • in prices ; is ' yet announced.' - --' - - -..
¦-. CURED MEATS — Bacon. ¦ 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%@13c for : light f medium, ; 13%c for
light, 14%c for extra light and 15%c for. sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured -Hams,' 13c; Mess
Beef, $12 per barrel ; | extra Meea. $12 50 ; Fam
ily, $i3 50; . prime Mess Pork. - $15; extra clear.
$23; - Mess.- $19; Smoked Beef. Wcper lb.
-; LARD— Tierces :. quoted at ¦ 6%c per lb-for
compound - and - 10%c for pure ; ; half-barrels,
pure, 10%c; 10-lb tins/'llMc; 5-lb tins, U?ic. ',
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. -STic;; three
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 13%@14c for. bright and 12^
@13c for light: amber;- water white extractedT
7@7%c; light amber extracted," 5@6c; dark, 4@
5c per lb. - ' ' - - ' .
BEESWAX— 25(g28c ¦ per lb.
NUTS-Chestnuts, 8@10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts. -No. l'softshell. 10c; No. 2, 7%c; No.
1 hardshell. 9%c; No. 2, ' 7c; Almonds, ¦ 12@13c
for papershell, 9@llc for - sof tshell ; Peanuts,
5@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ll@lli4c; Fil
berts, 12@12%c ; - Pecans, ll@i3c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5. . , . - :¦ , '¦- •;¦ • - * ,
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' - Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice. He;
standard.' 10c; -prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, :9c per lb. Sultanas — Fancy, 10 Vic per
lb; choice, 9%c;- standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6%c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown, '5c; 3-crown, 5>4c, and
4-crown, 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 6c; Lon
don Layers. 2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown,
$160; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perial, -. $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.'
PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 sizes, 2c; 30-40s, — ;
40-SOs. 3%c; 50-60s. 3&c; 60-70s, 2%c;.70-80s, 2Mc;
80-90s, l%c: 90-lOOs. lV4c; 100-120S, l%c. These
prices apply to all districts alike, no more dis
crimination being made. - .
FRUITS— Apricots, o@7%c for Royals and
S%@10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
4'56c; sun-dried, •. l%@2c: Peaches, 3%®4c for
standard, 4%@5%c for choice and*6@6Hc for
fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3%@5c; un
pltted, l@l%c; Nectarines, 4@4%c for red and
4@5c for white. . • ¦¦:¦¦¦;
The directors of the Cured Fruit Association
met at San Jose to consider the restitution of
the base price of Prunes to 3c. - .
The firmness in Peaches, Apples and Apri
cots continues, and the demand is slowly im
proving. ! - ....-'
Dried Fruits; Nuts' and Raisins.
APPLES-*1@2 SO per box. .
..CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@2 25;
Seedlings. 75c@$l; Tangerines, 50c@?l 25; Lem
ons, 75c@$l 25 for common and $1 50@2 50 for
good to choice; Grape Fruit. 50c@$l 50: Mexican
Limes, $4 50; Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per bunch for
New; Orleans and $1 25@2 for Honolulu; Pine
apples. $1 50@4 ¦ per dozen. •
STRAWBERRIES— $6@8 per chest for Long
worths and $1@6 for large berries. -Receipts
were 334 chests. :
. Cherries continue slow. They are not find
ing their usual demand this year, and the
small red ones are neglected. Strawberries are
about the same. i
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— ,
CHERRIES— Receipts were 242 boxes, selling
at 50c@$l per bojf for red and $1®2 for dark.
\The Panama steamer brought up 470 cases
Mexican Limes, and ' this fruit Is j now plenti
ful. Oranges are In moderate supply and firm.
There is no particular change in Lemons.
Twelve cars of Oranges were auctioned as
follows: Fancy Navels, $1@1 90; choice do,
60c@$l 90; standard do, 55c@$l 35; seedlings,
60c@?l 45; Mediterranean Sweets, $1; Lemons,
$1 20@l 75.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
.' Prices for all descriptions remained the same.
Eggs were in good supply and most dealers re
ported a gradual accumulation of stocks, with
an increasing tendency to meet buyers. Cheese
¦was steady. In the open « market Butter was
quoted weak and dull, with plentiful supplies,
while the exchange quoted a steady market
Receipts • were 46,200 pounds a«tt 116 tubs of
Butter, . 1645 cases Eggs, - — cases Eastern
Eggs, 21,550 pounds California Cheese and 1200
pounds Eastern Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery, 16@17c per lb for fancy
and 15%c for seconds; dairy, 14@15c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild, new, 3%@10%c; old.
9c per lb.
' EGGS— Ranch, 15@17c for good to fancy;
store, 13@14%c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— • .
Creamery— Extras. 16%c; firsts, 15c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 15c; firsts,. 14%c; seconds,- -;
store, 12c. . * '¦ - .
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9V4c; choice,
9c; common, nominal;. Young Americas, 10%c;
Eastern, full cream, 14@16c per lb.
EGGS— .'.;-¦ .
California Ranch — Selected " White, 15%c;
mixed colors', 14%c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 13%c; standard,
13c; seconds, . ¦
Butter, Cheese and' Eggs.
j The Poultry market is still overstocked with
Hens and old Roosters, both of which are slow
and weak. Young Roosters and large broil
ers find ready sale at firm prices.
Two cars Eastern came in, making 5 for the
week. 1 "
It is hardly worth while to quote feathered
Game any longer, as there is hardly any com
ing in. •
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 10®llc for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 50@l 75; Goslings, $2 25@2 75; .Ducks, $4 50
@5 50 for old and $5 50@6 60 for young; Hens,
$3 50@4 50; young Roosters, $6 50@7 50; old Roos
ters. $3 50® 4; Fryers, $5@6; Broilers, .$4'50@3
for large and $2@-3 50 ¦ for - small ; Pigeons, $175
per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
-GAME— Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cotton
tall and 75c@$l for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 70090c; Burbanks,
50@ 80c tor River and $1@1 25 for Oregon;
Sweets, 50@60c for Merced; New . Potatoes,
l@l%c per lb. .'¦ - ' "
ONIONS— Cut Onions, 60c@$l 25 per sack;
Australians $3 '50@3 75: Green Onions, 20@40c
per box; New White, $3; New Red, $1 50@2.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 50ciJ?$l 25 per box;
Asparagus, $1 75 for ¦ fancy, $1@1 50 per box
for No. 1 and 50@85c for No. 2; Green Peas,
75c@$l 15 per sack;. Garden Peas, $1 25@1 50:
String Beans, 8@10c for Los ' Angeles and 10®
12%c for Vacaville; • Horse' Beans, $1 25 per
sack; Cabbage 50@60c; Tomatoes. Mexican,
$1 75 per crate; from Texas. $2 25; Dried Pep
pers, 12@lSc; Dry Okra, 20@25e per lb; Carrots.
25@35c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. 25c@$l
per dozen; Garlic, 8@10c per lb; . Summer
Squash, $1 75 per box.
Receipts were 10S5 boxes Asparagus, 330 boxes
Rhubarb, 1308 sacks Bay Peas and 820 sacks
New 'Potatoes.' . ¦ •• .
Garden Pft as and Horse" Beans are on the
market. Green ¦ Peas' are weaker again under
very large -receipts. ,'- The canners continue to
buy at lVicj per lb. -¦ Asparagus and Rhubarb
are unchanged. There are practically no South
ern Vegetables coming in except String Beans.
Potatoes and Onions are about the same, the
former being firm and the latter easy.
Garlic from Australia sold at 25c per lb.
The steamer Colon from. Panama brought up
1161 boxes Mexican Tomatoes, and 32 boxes
Green Peppers. 'A car of Tomatoes also came
in from Texas.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 50® 2 70; Small White, $4 73
©4 90; Large White, $4@4 15; Pink, $1 60@l 80:
Red, $3@3 25: Blackeye, $2 75@3; Limas, $6 25
@6 50; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown "Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary, 3%@
3%o for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2%c: Hemp. 3%c;. Timothy, -6%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $2@2 50; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal..
Potatoes, Onions and 'Vegetables.
Bean dealers are holding off for the Govern
ment awards, . which are expected to be an
nounced in a day or two. The market is dull
and unchanged.
Beans and Seeds.
MIDDLINGS-$16 50@19 50 per ..ton. • -¦
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $17 50@18 oO
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26: Job
bing, $26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18: Corn Meal.
$25® 26 50; Cracked Corn, $25 50@26; Mixed Feed.
$14 50«15 50. • ¦> ' ¦ . . ¦
. HAY-Volunteer, ?5@8; wrfeat, $11013; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oat, $3@1150; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $S@9 50: Barley, $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@17%c per bale.
Bran and Rolled Barley .are higher, with
prospects of a further advance unless it rains
toon. There Is no change . in Hay. The Hay
men say that if it does not rain a good deal
of grain will be cut for Hay. so that we are
likely to have a large crop in any event. .
BRAN— $16 50@l7 per ton. -
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25@3 60.
usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25; Ore
gon, $2 75<g2 83 per barrel for family and $2 75@
3 for bakers': Washington bakers'. $2 75@3.
- MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks, are as fol
lows,- usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per ICO lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny. $3 50@3 75: Buckwheat Flour, $i@4 25:
Cracked Wheat, $3 50: Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 10
@7 60; in sacks. $5 75®7 25: Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Flour and Millstuffs.
•White and mixed • are _, selling at ft 20@l 15.
There is no yellow of any consequence offer
ing. ¦ - . - • - . . -
RYE— 80@82%c per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65@1 70 per
.ctl, ex- warehouse. ' />
-LONDON, April 24.— Consols, 94%; silver,
27%d; cargoes on passage, rather easier; car
goes No. 1 standard California, 29s ?d; cargoes
Walla Walla, 29s 6d; English country markets,
generally 6d dearer. • * -
LIVERPOOL, April 24.— Wheat, quiet; No. .1
standard California, 6s 2d; wheat in Paris,
quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; French country
markets, steady; weather In England, flne. ¦
COTTON-Uplands, > 4 21-32d.
CLOSING. ':•'-. : .
WHEAT- Spot— Steady; No. 2 red Western
winter, 6s 10%d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s lOd.
Futures— Steady. May, Es 9%d; July, 6s 10%d. .
CORN— Spot— Firm. . American mixed new, 4s
3%<1; American mixed old, 4s i4d. Futures-
Firm. May, 4s 4d; July, 4s; September, 4s. ..
Foreign Markets.
; OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 24. — WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 69c. . • •
WASHINGTON. '
TACOMA, April 24.— WHEA-Bk-FIrni and lc
higher; blue stem, 60c; club, 58c.
¦ PORTLAND, Or., April 24.— Clearings, $337,
554; balances, $44,417. '
Northern Wheat Market.
CHICAGO, April 24.— CATTLE— Receipts,
16,0.00, including 300 Texans. Generally steady.
Good to prime steers, $4 95@6 ; poor to medium,
$3 90@4 90; stackers and feeders, strong, $2 75®
4 85; cows, $2 80@4 65; heifers, $2 80@4 90; can
ners, $2 10@2 75; bulls, $2 85@4 35; calves, $4®
5; Texas' fed steers, $4 25@5 40; grassers, $3 50
©4;- bulls, $2 73@3 90/ • '¦ ; :; ¦ [¦
HOGS — Receipts to-day, '21,000; to-morrow,
22,000; estimated left over, 3000. Heavy, weak;
light, easier; top, $6 05. Mixed and butchers,
$5 70@6 02%; good to choice heavy. $5 80@6 05;
rough heavy, $5 65@5 75; light, $5 65@5 95; bulk
of sales, $5 85@5 97%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000. Sheep, weak; ex
port sheep. $4 90; lambs, slow; clipped lambs,
up to $4 83; good to choice ¦wethers,. $4 65@
4 90; fair to choice mixed, $4 35<g>4 60; Western
sheep, $4 60@4 90; sheep, yearlings, $4 70@4 95;
native lambs, $4 60@3 30; Western lambs, $4 85
@5 30. ' . : ' '
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK,- April 24.-COTTON— The open-
Ing was steady, with prices unchanged to 2
points lower. Following the call the market
slowly declined under selling orders from the
South and Wall street. Noon bids indicated a
net losa of4©5 points. The close was barely
steady, . net 6@13 points lower.
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, April 24.— There was very lit
tle interest manifested in the local markets to
day. The only change upon ! the list, that of
spelter, was principally due to a lack of sell
ers rather than to any speculative move. That
metal ruled firm all day and closed 5 points
higher at $4@4 05, while in London prices were
without change upon the basis or £17 .2a 6d.
Tin, • both here and in London, remained feat
ureless and nominally unchanged, with trad
ins very slow. The close was quiet at $26,
and in London spot was £117 5s and. futures
£114 Me. . Lead continues dull at $4 37% here,
while in London a loss of 10s was noted..
.Copper was a shade firmer abroad, spot clos
ing at £70 11s 3d and futures £71 2s 6d. The
local situation, .however, was very tame but
steady unorf the basis of $17 for Lake and
$16 62% for casting. Iron markets were with
out change and quiet. PIglron warrants, $9 50
©10 50; Northern foundry. $15 25(S>16 50; South
ern foundry, $14@15 50, and soft Southern, $12@
$13 50. Glasgow warrants closed at 55s 6d and
Middlesboro 44s 6d.
"New York Cotton Market.
New York Metal Market.
BOSTON, April 24.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter . to-morrow will say: Aside
from the liberal purchases of fine Australia
and Ohio Delaine at the very beginning of the
week under review, by a well-known mill,
which practically cleans up the supply of such
stock in this market, <he usual trade has ruled
very dull and has presented locally few features
of interest. . The sales referred to consisted of
something like 1500 bales of Australian; which
were taken, it is reported, at prices ' ranging
from 32c to ' 34c, equivalent to a clean cost of
65@67c. The Delaine wools amounted to about
150.C00 pounds ¦ and the . prices paid are under
stood to have been 28@29c. The sales reflect
the tendency of the demand toward fine wools,
which are relatively much stronger than me
dium and low-grade wools,' and they indicate
the confidence of consumers in this class of
stocks for which prices are firmly held. Tak
ing, the market as a whole the purchasing has
been mostly of a piecing-out character. | There
is no disposition to anticipate future require
ments to any great extent and no speculative
tendency . Is ¦ noticeable. While trading may be
very dull the tone of the market, as far as
prices are concerned, is very steady. The sales
for the week in .Boston- amounted- to 2,591,000
pounds ¦ domestic ¦ and • 690.0CO pounds foreign,
making a total of 3,281,000 pounds, against a
total of 4,108,000 pounds for the previous week
and; a total, of 2,256,000 pounds for the corre
sponding week last year. The sales since Jan
uary 1 amount to 76,123,000 pounds, against
52,159,200 pounds for the corresponding time
last year. ••¦'.¦.' . :' . '. .
Boston Wool Market.
• NEW YORK, April 24.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications tp Bradstreet's
show the following- changes In available sup
plies, compared with last account: . . '¦¦
Wheat— United States and Canada, east . of
Rockies, decreased 3.732,000. Afloat for and in
Europe, increased 100,000 bushels; total supply
decreased 2,732,000 bushels. . .
Corn— United • States and Canada, east _ of
Rockies, decreased 294,000 bushel3.
Oats— United States and Canada,- east . of
Rockies, decreased 580,000.
The leading stock of wheat at Portland, Or.,
Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., decreased 415,000.
• v: ; C • '-' ¦- LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . '•' ¦ .':¦ , •. May.- July.
Opening- ;.' 5 9% 5 9%
Closing : ....5 9% . 5 10%
PARIS. '
'Wheat— :* .-•¦*, April. May- Aug.
Opening 18 50. 19 03 .
Closing ..; 18 70 .13 20 -.-.
-. Flour — .-_-¦'.
Opening 23 25 24 00
Closing .¦ 2360 24 30
Available .Grain Supply.
ll@18c. .'. Cheese, .9&©llc." Eggs, .firm; fresh,
12@l2%c. . * ,, - . ¦
Foreign Futures.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAT,;:APRIL 25, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
8
u!
en
a:
ai
is
F'
Tl
iff'
Otl
r.c
ler
5 <
:el
7O>
to .
else
nee
Obi
les.
>.. . .
KS.
CO..
ilsp
NS
?o...
| Last This
24 Hours Season.
44.69
22.67
17.50
18.93
10.88
5.60
27.88
14.17 '
10.55
Last
Season.
47.95
21.75
17.32
18.10
7.94
2.82
15.82
6.09
3.65
u!
en
a:
ai
is
F'
Tl
iff'
Otl
r.c
ler
5 <
:el
7O>
to .
else
nee
Obi
les.
>.. . .
KS.
CO..
ilsp
NS
?o...
| Last This
24 Hours Season.
44.69
22.67
17.50
18.93
10.88
5.60
27.88
14.17 '
10.55
Last
Season.
47.95
21.75
17.32
18.10
7.94
2.82
15.82
6.09
3.65ELVEDERE Is in a furor over
a Question that some resi
dents consider from a standpoint
of art and others from the
standpoint of their pocketbooks.
And while the fun is going on it Is not
pafe to ask a. Belvedere resident. "How
would you like to be the postman?"
The whole trouble centers around a mail
bnx. The Postmaster has the boxes on
s-ale and has kindly and politely Invited
the islanders to come and buy. With one
exception, however, they have said him
"Nay, nay," and have then proceeded at
once to violate the sacred laws of art, for
which aristocratic Belvedere is noted.
The trouble has been brewing for some
time. Late in March the Deputy Town
Marshal O. M. Olson sent the following
edict throughout the length and breadth
and height of the island and started the
mischief-making ball a-rolling.
To Whom It May Concern: On and aft^r
FYlday. April 1. 1S01. no mall will be delivered
tr> residents of Belvedere Dy the Deputy llar-
Fhal unless letter boxes are provided at a con
venient location on the line of the road for
the reception of the mall.
Sample of letter box approved by the Post-
Louis Silveman, proprietor of a store
at 1420 Polk street, was knocked down by
a runaway team at Geary and Leaven
worth streets yesterday and. severely in
jured. He was ' taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where it v.:is found that his coi
lar bone 'was fractured.
Louis Silveman Injured.
The young physician who . succeeds
Dr. Kinyoun has had much experience
in sanitary matters. He is credited with
having suppressed the bubonic plague
in Honolulu. He is of quiet manners.
He will enter upon his new duties at
once.
Dr. D. A. CarmichaeU the newly ap
pointed Federal quarantine officer for
the r»ort of San Francisco, arrived here
yesterday from Honolulu and is staying
at the Palace. v
KINYOUN'S SUCCESSOR
REACHES THIS CITY
The will of the late John B. Mersing,
who died April 17, was filed yesterday.
Decedent's estate consists principally of
real estate, and is of large value. Dece
dent bequeaths his entire estate to his
widow, Helena Maria Dorethe Mersing.
The will of Micah Doane, who died re
cently, leaving an estate valued at $10,000,
was also filed for probate. Decedent be
queaths his entire estate to his widow,
Lizzie Doane. ,
A petition for letters of administration
upon the estate of the late Edward A.
Ready was filed yesterday » by Carolyn
S. Reddy, decedent's widow, i In the peti
tion it is stated that decedent's estate
will nof exceed $10,000 in .value.
BOTH LEAVE ESTATES
TO THEIR WIDOWS
Board of Prison Directors 5 Moves
Against Receiver of Bags Taken
by C. J. Walden. .
Joseph Levy, the water-front junk deal
er, to whose establishment 65,000 jute
bags, stolen from San Quentin Prison by
C. J. Waldgnr ex-clerk of the prison jute
mill, were traced, was made the defendant
in an action instituted yesterday by the
Board of Prison Directors to recover
$3552 50, the value of the stolen sacks.
In the complaint Walden's connection
with the theft is not mentioned. ¦ The
complainant -states that at various times
the defendant unlawfully took the bags
and unlawfully, converted and disposed of
the same to his own use, to the damage of
the plaintiff in the sum stated. . . ,
JOSEPH LEVY SUED FOR
VALUE OF STOLEN SACKS
formed recently that some unknown per
son stole a valuable package of goods be
longing to a soldier while the goods were
being taken out of the Appraiser's build
ing a year ago last January.
The package was addressed to a United
States sqjdier named Abraham Simon and
consisted of lace, silks, etc. Another sol
dier was sent to the Custom-house for the
package and he paid the duties upon it,
amounting to $8 75. A man standing by
offered to take the package and ship it to
the-a"ddress of Simon in the East, and the
soldier, thinking him to be an expressman,
gave him the package. The failure of the
goods to reach their destination was re
ported *to the Custom-house only recently
and Detective Reynolds was put upon the
case. The person who took the package
gave the name of W. H. Phillips.
BTJNKO GAME WORKED
AT THE CUSTOM-HOUSE
Valuable Package Taken by a Pre
tended Expressman, Who Is
Wanted by Police.
The customs authorities have been in-
- A meeting of the new. organization will
be held at 102 O'Farrell street Sunday at
2:39 p. m.
A committee from the Journeymen Bar
bers' Union visited the bosses and notified
them that their schedule of prices had
been indorsed. The prices will be strictly
adhered to, and in case of over or under
charging the union card will be taken
from the shop. . • »
. At a meeting of the boss barbers held
last night a permanent organization was
effected by the election of the following
officers: President, L. E. Conrad; vice
president, H. Bernard; secretary, M. J.
Sllva; treasurer, S. Stearns; sergeant, at
aims, S. Oppenheim; trustees, J. Lehman,
h. A, Webber and J. Bianchi.
dorsement of Their New Price
Schedule.
Elect Officers and Discuss the In-
BOSS BABBEES EFFECT
PERMANENT ORGANIZATION
Some men are selfish even Jn their pray
ers. They pray for rain so they won't
have to shovel snow.
Private George Fall of the hospital
corps, located at the General Hospital.
Presidio, has teen sentenced by a board
of officers to dishonorable discharge from
the army and to be confined for four years
at Alcatraz. Fall Is the nurse who stole
$300 from John Gates, coachman for Gen
eral Shafter, while Gates was a patient
in the hospital.
Heavy Sentence for Thief.
The individual who has been sending
false reports to the Morgue officials, get
ting them out at all hours of the night
to answer to "phony" calls, is under ar
rest. His name is Frank Buelna, and he
admits his guilt. He was arrested last
evening by Detectives Dinan and Wren
in a restaurant at Tenth and Howard
streets.
Last Thursday Buelna telephoned to the
Morgue officials that Mrs. Bielich of 153
Tenth street had dropped dead and asking
them to take charge of the body. When
the deputies arrived on the scene they
were surprised to find Mrs. Bielich alive
and happy. Several days before Buelna
caused the Morgue wagon to be sent to
a house at Sacramento and Taylor streets,
as he claimed that a man had been shot.
When the deputies drove up to the place
they were told that nothing of the kind
hftd happened. Buelna claims that he
sent In the false calls "just to make fun
for Tom Smith," the driver of the Morgue
wagon.
MORGUE DEPUTIES ARE
FILLED WITH HAPPINESS
Man Who Has Been Sending Them
on False Runs Is Under
Arrest.
The lecturer illustrated his talk with a
series of splendid lantern slides, the best
of which were the natural results of the
"new sportsman" in action. Thompson
will deliver two lectures on Saturday,
which will bring his series to a close. His
subject for the matinee is "Wild Animals
in Captivity," and in the evening he will
speak on the "Minds of Animals."
Most interesting and charmingly put of
all was his description of the new hunt
ing and the new sportsman.
"The new hunter," said Thompson, "car
ries a camera instead of a gun, and where
the old huntsman used to pull his trigger
the now huntsman snaps his camera."
Ernest Seton Thompson delivered his
third lecture at Metropolitan Temple last
evening and told in his sketchy but de
lightful way many facts and some inter
esting stories about "Wild Animals at
Home."
Stories of Wild Animals at
Home.
THOMPSON TELLS OF
THE NEW HUNTER
Lecturer Shows Pictures and. Tells
BOSTON, April 24.— The Post to-morrow
will ¦ say :• Neale McVeck,, senior member
of the firm of McPeck & Co., stock bro
kers, this afternoon commenced an action
for 'conspiracy -against .Randolph Sur
bridge, a prominent Boston attorney, and
Isaac Irwin, a mining operator of San
Diego, Cal., in the sum of $25,000. Behind
this action is a story which, according to
complainant, means that about $6,000,000
has ¦ been swallowed up in gold mining
operations. The Post further says that
the mine in question is the Fortuna.
•Twelve thousand stockholders are said
to have lost all they put In. C. B. Boyn
ton, a wealthy paper manufacturer of
New York, is reported, to have sunk $50,-"
000. The mining property of the company
has been " known by four separate and
distinct names— the Forzuna. La Re»ii!i
lica. the Fortuna-Republica and the Con
solidated Fortuna-Rtpublica. The prop
erties are located in Ensenada, Lower
California. * . _ ,
gaged in Mining.
ceeding Against Persons En-
Stock Brokers Begin a Big Legal Pro-
CHARGE CONSPIRACY
, AND SUE FOR MONEY
RIVERSIDE, April i 24.— H. J. Bidwell
was instantly killed. this afternoon while
at work in the -electric light department.
Mr. Bidwell climbed a pole to make a con
nection. He was working- with his pliers
in one hand and the wire in the other
when the wire broke and fell across his
neck, i The current was re-established and
2000 volts passed through his body. ,
Manager Worthly and Peter Ronsse,
who were close by, sprang up the pole, cut
the strap which held Mr. Bidwell to the
pole and bore him to the ground. J Bid
well gasped once or twice after reaching
the ground and then expired.
Bidwell was. for a, long time first lieu
tenant of Company M, National Guard of
California, and served- in that capacity
when the company was mustered in for
service in the Philippines. He served one
term as noble grand of Riverside Lodge.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows, and
at the time of his death was captain of
Canton Riverside and a member of the
Foresters. He is survived by a widow
and child. ¦ - i
Light Plant.
Loses His Life in, Electric
Prominent Lodgeman. of Biversida
KILLED BY CONTACT
WITH A LIVE WIRE
REDDING, April 24.— But for up-to-date
inventions of this prosaic age— in this case
a telephone— a pretty romance of Trinity
County might not have reached a success
ful termination in Redding last night.
The marriage of Jesse Costa and Mary
Delano of Weavefville was opposed by
an unyielding brother of the girl. Love
found "a way in a hurried flight to Red
ding. The brother learned of the plan
shortly after the pair had left. Quickly
jumping- into a buggy behind a fast horse,
he started in pursuit, with the avowed
intention of preventing the marriage by
fair means or foul. He even said he
would swear the girl was not of age.
The sympathy of Trinity County people
was ' with the lovers. Sheriff! Bergin of
Trinity telephoned to Marshal Fisher of
Redding to instruct the County Clerk to
issue a license despite the brother, say
ing the girl was of age. The trio landed
in town after their fifty-mile drive at
about the same time, and they all met
at the dinner table in a local hotel. The
brother realized he had been checkmated
by telephone. A reconciliation followed,
and the lovers were married to-day.
Brother to Prevent Her
Marriage.
Checkmates Attempt by a Girl's
SHERIFF OF TRINITY
COUNTY AIDS ELOPERS
satisfied that the charges preferred
against Attorney J. N. E. "Wilson by
Frank Collins Tuesday morning were un
just, and that the attorney had used all
diligence in the premises. A bill of ex
ceptions had been prepared, but it did
not prove satisfactory to Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Greaney. An order of the
court was made last January for the
court stenographer to write up the evi
dence, but it had not been done. Greaney
is in Santa Barbara and his explanation
cannot be heard until his return.
Collins has written to the Bar Associa
tion. He tsays that he has languished in
Jail since 1S99, when he was sentenced.
At that time he had paid Wilson $200 to
carry the case to the Supreme Court, and
he had now found that no bill of excep
tions had ever been made or placed on
file and that his case stood just as it did
when he was sentenced. He said he
wanted to go to San Quentin without fur
ther delay and beg-in serving his term.
He also wanted to take steps to have Wil-
Bcn disbarred, as he believed the attorney
had trifled with him and misled him.
He had received a letter from Wilson re
cently In which the lawyer said he was
compelled to be absent from the city, but
he had found he was still here.
Frank E. Collins, Convicted of Grard
Larceny, Accuses J. N. E. Wil
son of Bsreliction.
Judge Lawlor stated in court yesterday
that after making an investigation he was
PRISONER WANTS HIS
ATTORNEY DISBARRED
About sixty members were present and all
voted the occasion a most enjoyable one.
The clubrooms consist of a billiard parlor,
a reception and reading room and a card
parlor.
The membership of the organization is
made up of the employing printers who
formerly composed the old San Francisco
Typothetae, the Employing Printers' As
sociation and the Printers and Allied
Trades. The unification of these separate
associations is inten-.ted to promote better
social relations between printers' em
ployers and to permit of better settlement
of general questions which from time to
time present themselves to the printers.
The following named officers have been
recently elected:
President, John Partridge; first vice presi
dent, James H. Barry; second vice president,
G. Spauldlng; secretary, Robert W. Nell;
treasurer. Max Schmidt; executive com'mlttee,
H. S. Crocker Company, Frank Eastman &
Co., Francis-Valentine Company, Gabriel
Printing Company, C. "W. Nevin & Co., T. J.
Davis & Co., C. A. Murdock & Co., Sunset
Press, Stanley-Taylor Company, Upton Bros,
and Valleau & Peterson.
San Francisco Typothetae Members
Pass Pl-asant Evening in Honor
of New Organization.
The newly 1 organized San Francisco
Typothetae celebrated the opening of its
clubrooms at 605 Clay street last night.
CELEBRATE THE OPENING
OF THEIR CLUBROOMS
Mrs. Mary Law, wife of the machinist
¦who committed suicide on Monday, be
cause he could not endure seeing his •wife
and little ones starving, is prostrate as
a result of anxious months of worry and
privation, culminating in the shock of
her husband's tragic death.
The immediate needs of the family have
been removed by contributions from sev
eral people who saw the account of the
pathetic sucide In Tuesday's Call, and the
employes of Day's gas fitting establish
ment have also assisted the suffering
family. The Hackmen's Union, through
the efforts of President Coffey. J. Ullons.
J. Roe and Gus Kloppel, has been par
ticularly kind and benevolent. One col
lection has already been taken up by that
body and another is under way. In addi
tion to pecuniary aid the union has also
©fltred hacks for use in the funeral, to
take place at 10 o'clock this morning from
Suhr's undertaking parlors on Mission
street. The family Is still, however, in a
lamentable condition. Mrs. Law is ill and
discouraged. None of the family have
sufficient clothing. The lives of two small
children depend on the exertions of the
mother, who is not able to leave the
house and who will be physically unable
to earn a living for weeks to come. The
few articles of furniture which the fam
ily possesses will roon be forfeited to the
dealer from whom they were bought,
bpcaupp of delinquency in payment.
Mrs. Law is a quiet, delicate little wo
man, but she is trying to be brave under
her present misfortunes and hopeful for
the future of herself and her two little
one?.
Loss and Fears to Face
Future.
Law Family Is Overcome by Recent
WIFE AND CHILDREN
OF SUICIDE STJTFER
INCIDENTAL TO LIFE AT
FASHIONABLE BELVEDERE,
IN JiARIN COUNTY.
SANTA ANA. April 24.— Q. R. Smith, a
druggist and capitalist of this city,- was
struck on the head by a boulder falling
down a mountain in Bear Canyon to-day
while he "was assisting some men at'Men
ses' oil well, in which he was interested.
His skull was split open from the top to
the base. He was brought home this aft
ernoon in a senseless condition and died
shortly afterward.
Killsd by Falling Boulder.
SAN BERNARDINO, April 24.— C. P.
Stone, a leading business man of this city,
was ejected from a Southern Pacific pas
senger train yesterday at Bloomington, a
small station twenty miles west of here.
He carried a commutation .ticket and Con
ductor Henry Kearney failed to identify
him. He has annouhced his intention of
instituting a suit • for $20,000 damages
against the company. : -V*' '
Ejected From a Train.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 24.-
Student body officers were elected to-day
to serve the following semester as fol
lows: President, M. F.- McCormick; vice
president, C. D. Scott: secretary. W. R.
Hamilton; editor of Sequoia, J. K. Bon
nell;: business manager Sequoia, N. C.
Grider; executive committee— class 1902, F.
L. Siaker and E. "W. Rice; class 1903, P.
Parker and R. L. Brooke: class 1904. A.
S. Henley and R. J. McFadden; treasurer,
J. T. Nourse: editor Palo Alto, F. Hin
man: manager Palo Alto, C. A. Cantwell;
members athletic committee — C. B. Raitt,
N. E. Dole, R. S. Fisher, T. L. McFadden,
W. B. Barnhisel, R. B. Ball, L. P. Bans
bach and H. L. Hamilton.
Student Body Officers.
HELENA, April 24. — Samuel Karns and
Alise Misner,- employes of Johri Frazler, a
prominent Cascade County sheepman,
were burned to death last night on Six
Mile Coulee. The bodies of the men were
found under the dirt roof of their cabin.
It is supposed the cabin caught fire while
the men were asleep and the roof in fall
ing penned them inside the blazing build
ing.
Under the 'Dirt Roof of
. Their Hut.
Bodies of .the Unfortunates Are Found
TWO SHEEPMEN PERISH
IN A BLAZING CABIN
The story told is borne out in some
part by the officers here, who say that a
deserter was returned to the Albatross
from San Francisco the night before she
sailed. . . !
The stranger said he had a friend who
was engaged to a young lady in San
Francisco. A short time ago the lovers
quarreled and the young man shipped
aboard the Albatross as a cook. After
ward they effected a reconciliation and
thereafter the sea had no charm for the
Albatross cook and he deserted. He 'was
captured and returned to- the vessel some
days ago. His friend to-day said that he
had vowed never to sail away from the
harbor and his sweetheart.
SAN RAFAEL, April 24.— The mystery
surrounding the drowning of a sailor who
leaped from the United States steamship
Albatross off Sausalito yesterday after
noon soon after the vessel had raised an
chor and started for Seattle remains un
solved. Along .the water front at Sausa
lito it is believed that the man was a de
serter from the Albatross, and this view
is shared by an unknown man who came
from San Francisco to-day to learn some
thing about the drowning. Hints dropped
by the stranger made it appear that there
was a romantic storv back of the drown
ing.
Not Part From His Sweet
heart.
Death Comes to Deserter. Who Would
SATTSALITO DBOWNING
j SEQUEL TO A BOMA2J CE
Fernbrook being in Alameda County, the
committees are largely from this side of
the bay, though the celebration is a gen
eral one for Odd Fellows. The commit-
This will be followed by the address of
Grand Master W. W. Watson of the State.
At the close of this exercise there will
be an exhibition drill by San Francisco
Canton No. 5. Patriachs Militant, under
the command of Captain C. H. Korn
beck.
Patriarchs Militant of the State. The
three to be rewarded are Chevaliers John
H. Foster, George W. Farhner and Chris
tian T. Johnson. Brigadier General
Brower will be assisted by four ladies of
the Rebekah degree. Miss Jennie Wright
of Oriental Lodge No. 90. Mrs. Lizzie Stan
ton of Jubilee Lodge No. 239, Mrs. Alma
Jensen of Templar Lodge No. 19 and Mrs.
A. G. Beckley of Loyal Lodge No. 215.
Little Jessie Harris, daughter of Colonel
and Mrs. Harris, will be maid of honor.
Oakland Canton No. 11 and San Francisco
Canton No. 5 will assist. ¦ ¦ .
tee of arrangements consists of the fc*
lowing named:
C. H. Wever, G. II. P., Alameda; Major
George Kirk. Oakland; J. E. Strelghtlf, D. P.
G. M.. Berkeley; Lieutenant Colonel C. H.
Cole, Oakland: S. Samuels. C. P. Golden Rula
Encampment No. 34. Oakland: M. H. Morse.
D. D. G. M., Oakland; S. Madson. D. D. G.
P., Hay wards. .
The officers and members of Oakland
Canton No. 11, who have done much work
toward making this event a success, are:
- Officers — Captain. C. H. Cole; lieutenant,
George Kirk; clerk, John McVey; ensign, S.
Samuels; treasurer, . Thomas Powers.
Chevaliers— E. R. Alden. G. T. Burtehaell.
A. O. Bussenius, Thomas Cannon. William
Chalmers. C. A. Chandler. "William B. Clay
ton, F. H. Cook. Derfc Cornelius. L,. W. S.
Downs, H. A. Day. Robert Decker, J. W.
Eber, F. M. Farwell, Percy R. Fox. W. Ham
ilton. Peter Jorgenson. S. P. Knight. H. T.
Klnnard. H. C. Ktcider. William L. McKay.
S. Madsen. Hugh Martin. J. A. Munro. G. 8.
Nalsmith. F. B. Ogden. Xi;es OfTerson. F. E.
Pierre, D. A. Price. O. L. C. Pape. E. K.
Russell, C. Roeth, H. X. Rowell. J. F. Ras
mussen. R. C. Rasmussen, H. Schellhaas A.
D. Smith. S. P. Skow. J. E. Streightlf, John
Tisch, B. E. Underwood. Arthur Staney Ward.
C. H. Wever. O. B. Warden.
¦ • ; ¦ ¦
PROMINENT ODD FELLOWS WHO ARE MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE
OF ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE PICNIC TO BE GIVEN IX XILES CAN
YON IN HONOR OF THE ORDER'S EIGHTY-THIRD ANNIVERSARY.
The ladies of Belvedere have a griev
ance all of their own in the postofflce mat
ter. It appears that the mall carrier has
been discourteous enough on certain oc
casions to refuse to wait while the ladies
penned a reply to the letters he climbed
several hundred steps to deliver to them.
The ladies, however, have taken no ac
tive Dart i" the dispute. They have been
heard to say what their private opinion
of Olson is. but that is all.
is the way the residents treat the post
office. They expect splendid service and
yet they do all they can to lessen the
revenue of the office, the only way thev
can make the perfect service possible.
Greatest among the grievances is this
one: The residents carry all their letters
to San Francisco and mail them there.
Whereas if they mailed them in their
own place they would not only benefit the
office but get prompter delivery."
order in the State of California, • ,
There will be special trains leaving San
Francisco at 9 a. m. on Friday and Oak
land at 9:30, and the return will be made
leaving Fernbrook at 5:30 p. m.
There will be something of interest dur
ing the entire day and those who go can
either take part in the exercises or follow
Alameda Creek and picnic in regular
Declares Boxes Inartistic.
Belvedere did not take kindly to the
edict. It declared that post boxes were
inartistic and would have none of them.
"When, however, the Postmaster declared
"N'o box, no mail delivery." it put aside
all question of art, nailed cigar boxes and
soap boxes at their very gates and laugh
ed at the "box approved by the Postofflce
Department for rural delivery service" at
the rate of $3 per box.
Only one man followed the Postmaster's
office Department for rural delivery service
may be Been at the postoffice.
It 6houl4 also be borne In mind that the
postmaster requires a.n order for the delivery
of mail to the Deputy Marshal for delivery to
the addressee.
• O. M. OLSOX, Deputy Marshal.
C. O. Perry has followed the advice of
the Postmaster, but he did not buy one
of his boxes. He got an old tin can and
with a few deft touches turned it into
shape so artistically that it looks like the
real thing to every one but the Postmas
ter.
Dr. Edward. "Will Pownlng and J. D.
Maxwell have agreed that a post box is
inartistic and therefore a thing to be dis
pensed with. These gentlemen have no
boxes and consequently are obliged to
send to the postoffice for the mail.
,' Postmaster Behrmeister declares he
cannot understand the artistic aristo
cratic residents of beautiful Belvedere.
"It is not the matter of the post boxes
that I am complaining: of," he said. "It
suggestion. M. V. Lacaze gave up $3 for
a box and placed it in a prominent posi
tion at the entrance to his home. Dr.
Dunbar showed a disposition to follow
the letter of the Postmaster's law, but
that is as far as he has got. Mrs. Mary
Bailey. O. A. Bernard and Mr. Tilden
went to town and boueht iron lock boxes,
which, according to the Postmaster, are
not so neat as tne one he offers, but cost
ing only 51. R. Wheeler, J. H. Miller, R.
Wrf Seeler and Mrs. Pew have neat little
rustic boxes nailed up on the trees that
guard the entrance to their respective
places.
BAKERSFIELD, April 24.— A heroic act
was performed to-day by J. A. Bennett,
a young oil man from Petrolia, when he
rescued a two-year-old child from a bug
gy to which was attached a madly run
ning horse. The flying rig- with its little
passenger was. first seen by Bennett as
it crossed Nineteenth street, going south
on Chester avenue. Bennett dashed out
from the crowd, boldly leaped into the
buggy and within 100 feet had the. fright
ened animal checked and the child safe
In his arms.
Thunderous shouts went up from the'
spectators and soon a great crowd sur
rounded .man and baby, showering con
gratulations on the hero and sympathiz
ing with the child. . In a few minutes
more than $100 was contributed to pur
chase a token to award Bennett, in the
name of the people of . Bakersneld.
Charles Badger, a lineman, is also to be
remembered, for he tried the same feat
Bennett accomplished and got painfully
crippled in the act. He was knocked
down- and run over. ¦ . .
- The child was the eldest son of Mr. and
Mrs T. A. Moncure. His father had just
turned his back to the buggy. for a mo
ment in front of their home on G street,
when the horse dashed awav.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bakersfleld Hero Saves Babe
Ffoiq Death in a
Runaway.
LEAPS INTO BUGGY
AND RESCUES CHILD
John Morrisey, manager of the Or
pheum, was the happiest man in town
last night. The members of San Fran
cisco Lodge No. 3, Benevolent and Pro
tective Order of Elks, appreciating the
many kindly acts that had distinguished
his interest in the welfare of the lodge,
decided to make him an honorary life
member. Last night a committee of Elks
called on Morrisey at the Orpheum and
presented him with a handsome en
grossed certificate of membership.
Morrisey was made an honorary mem
ber of the lodge several years ago and
is one of the few women in the world
who can claim that distinction.
Lodge No. 3.
Honored by San Francisco
JOHU" MOREISEY MADE
LIFE MEMBER OF ELKS
Genial Manager of tlie Orpheum Is
La LIsta, introducing new and sensa
tional (Jances; "A Girl of Quality," the
talented and beautiful artiste; Zamora,
the Mexican daredevil; McKay and Law
rence, high class vaudeville entertainers;
Madeline Franks, singing and dancing
soubrette; the Callenders, character vo
calists; animatoscope, with up-to-date
views, and Leah May are the Chutes and
Zoo attractions.
Paraskova Sandolin, in her contralto
solos, is being very enthusiastically re
ceived at Fischer's this week. Others on
the bill are the Golden "West Comedy Trio.
Gus Leonard. Bregers, * Thatcher and
Chenoweth, Jack Symonds and Tom
Mack.
Alf Grant, with some young jokes;
Barnes and Sisson in a rollicking farcette;
the charming comedienne, Francesca
Redding; Horace. Goldin in clever exam
ples of the black art; Clayton, Jenkins
and Jasper, with "A Darktown Circus";
Mile. Adelaide, an aerial marvel, and Jo
sephine Gassmann, with her pickaninnies,
provide excellent entertainment for Or
pheum patrons this week.
The Columbia is still dark and will re
main closed until May 6, when James A.
Herne's latest and greatest success, "Sag
Harbor," will be put on. ,
"The Idol's Eye" seems to be a peren
nial favorite at' the Tivoli, for it has far
outlasted the general run of comic operas
in popularity, and there is no sign of its
being replaced for some time to come. The
management promises a new piece next,
and the comic season will also see the
production of a jolly burlesque, for which
form of entertainment the Eddy-street
house is justly noted.
"A Fair Rebel" is the Central's bill. this
week, and pleases the melodramatically
inclined with its thrilling situations and
war-time pictures. Next week a grand re
vival of "Ten Nights in a Barroom" will
be the offering.
"The Evil Eye" is pleasing the Califor
nia audiences this week with its acrobatic
wonders and spectacular attractions. On
Sunday next Mr. James Neill and his good
company will be welcomed for a season at
the California, the engagement to open
with Sol Smith Russell's charming com
edy, "A Bachelor's Romance." ¦
"Under Two Flags" at Morosco's Grand
Opera-house Is playing to good houses.
Next week "Mr. Barnes of New York," by
Archibald Clavering Gunter, will be the
bill with Jack Webster in the title role.
Miss Mathilde Choate as Marlni Pauli and
Miss Florence Stone as Enid Anstruther.
"The Conquerors" at the Alcazar is the
most impcrtant dramatic presentment of
the week. Paul Potter's: play is not milk
for babes, but is a strong and stirring pic
ture of the minor horrors of war, as felt
by the French rolk in Brittany just before
the battle of Sedan. "The Conquerors" is
emphatically not a play for the young
girl. It is coarse and brutal in places as
befits the brutal subject, but in spite of
that and its numerous sins of construc
tion, has unquestionable truth and power.
The play is well taken care of by the Al
cazar stock, corrpany, Lila Convere, Jo
seph Kilgour arid Charles Bryant being in
particular well seen. It is playing to
standing room, and is apparently in. for
a run. - . -
James Neill's Splendid Com
pany Coming— Other Per
formances.
"The I Conquerors" Hav
ing Successful Run
at Alcazar.
STRONG PICTURE
OF WAR HORRORS
BELVEDERE RESIDENTS DARINGLY
REFUSE TO SUBMIT TO DICTATION
Decline to Purchase Letter Boxes Approved by the Post
office Department for Rural Delivery Service and
Purchase Some That Are Less Artistic but Cheaper
THE SAN FKANCISCq CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 25, 1901.
Eighty-Third Anniversary of Order to Be Observed by an
Outing at Which There Will Be Special Exercises,
Including Oration and the Conferring of Decorations
NILES CANYON WILL BE THE SCENE
OF A GRAND ODD FELLOWS ' PICNIC
OAKLAND, April 24.— The Odd Fel
lows of the bay district will cele
brate the . eighty-third ajiniver
sary of the order by a picnic and
outing in Niles Canyon on Friday.
There will be special exercises during the
day, including an oration by Grand
Master W. W. Watson, the head of the
country style. During the morning there
will be dancing in the big pavilion.
After luncheon at 1:30 o'clock the Deco
ration of Chivalry will be bestowed upon
two or three prominent Odd Fellows as a
reward of special services to Odd Fellow
ship during the year. The services will
be most elaborate and will be conducted
by Brigadier General H. O. Brower of the
C
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRINK
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
There are other reasons why those who
eat Grape-Nuts look nourished and well
fed. The food is made of parts of the
f.eld grains which Nature makes use of 5n
rebuilding brain and nerve centers. Proof
will follow use.
Grape-Nuts food is pre-digested and
also helps in digestion of other food.
The doctor's plan might do for a variety,
hut Grape-Nuts and cream alone are
considered ideal by hundreds of thou-
sands of brainy people.
Dyspepsia and bad teeth are the results
if this practice is continued. True, one
can eat soft food witliout detriment if the
necessity of chew'ng is remembered.
Grape-Nuts food 1j so crisp and brittle
and withal so pleasant to the taste that
the user cannot fore-et to chew and thus
the teeth get the necessary use- and the
glands of the gums are made to give the
juices that Nature intends shall be mixed
with the food befort it enters the stom-
ach. A Xew York doctor says many
New Yorkers put a little sugar on oat-
meal and then cover with Grape-Nuts,
and this method compels the chewing
necessary to digest the oatmeal.
Dentists agree that teeth must be used
to properly preserve them and therefore
they urge people to chew their food
thoroughly, but tfcft nervous, hurried
manner of eating is altogether too com-
mon among people and when fed on soft
mushes they are liafclc to swallow the
food without chewing.
The finest specimens of teeth are seen
In animals and human beings who chew
the fo»d thoroughly.
CHEW FOOD.
Chewing Preserves the Teeth and
Helps Digestion.
GRAPE-NUTS.
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
Sperry's Best' Flour \
50-pound sack for 79c. ]
Drifted Snow, 3
Golden Gate J
or Port Costa. For fifty years <
there has been no other "best." *
Blue Ribbon Raisins j
Seeded 4 pkgs 25c.
Extra large fancy
Raisins,
carefully seeded.
Res. 2 for> 25c
I Fancy Table Rice
Large, Plump nounH Cr
Kernels— . P ouna 5 C «
cooks white.
J Java and Costa Rica Coffee
i pound 20c.
j A favorite blend —
4 combination of. strength and
j flavor. Reg. 30c. ;
I Jesse Moore Whiskey \[' :
| St. Julien Claret «
I gallon 3*5c. ]
{ A very fine table -wine — ;
< * mild, smooth and palatable. <
! Reg. 60c. 5
j Port Wine or Sherry \
\ bottle 25c. ;
J Aged wine for table— )
I Los Cerritos Vineyard. Regr. 50c. j!
j Beech Run Whiskey
i bottle 65c.
' Distillery bottling—
i Pride of Kentucky Bourbon.
< Reg. 90c.
j American Club "Whiskey
j full quart bottle 50c.
] Reg. 73c.
I St. Lawrence Tonic Port j|
J Healthful, cheering, ;¦>
4 strengthening >'X
J stimulant. Thursday and Friday. '.•?
4 Reg. $1.00. «THE SAJN r FKANCISCO CALL, TMUKSDAr, AFKIL 25, 1901.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of ""he San Frauciwn
Ca.. comer of Market an<t Third Ftre *s: open
Ortll :; oVlock every nlrht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 3T Montgomery etreet.
ecrrer Clay: open until 9:30 p. jn.
?00 Hayes etreet: open —n'U r-35 p. m.
fZZ McAllister street: cr>en until S:JO P- m.
C15 Lerkln etreet: of CBtO S:M P- m-
JP41 Mission ttreet: open until 10 p. m.
S2€l Market «reet. corner >;xteenth; open
urtJI 9 c. tn. »
JC6 Eleventh rtreet; open until 9 p. m.
K86 Valencia street: open until » p. m.
• Ncrthwest corner Twerf-second and Ken-
rucky ftreet*: open until » r- m.
MEETING SOTICBJJ
a"*?TATED meeting and election of
officers of Yerba Buena Chapter pi
No. 1. Hose c-roix. A. and A. Scot- ; ,± —
tish Rite of Freemasonry, will be _&K J
hr'd in rommandery Hall. Ma- RJ
eonic Temple, on THURSDAY \U
EVENING, April 25. 190L at 9 . U
°' C ' OCk HENRY BURNER. Sec. *->
A STATED meeting <>f Yerba Buena
Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. and A. jT
SrottiFh Rite of Freemasonry, will be fk
h<=ld in Commanderv Hall. Masonic Ja*
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING, KsZV
April 25 1SC1. at 8 o'clock.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— ft
Spec'al meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
KVEXIXG. T:3<) o'clock. . M. M. degree.
Liv order of the H. P. '
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A., ¦
M. will meet THIS N JV f
EVENING. April 25. at *7:30 o'clock. JLX.
Third degree. By order of the Master. "¦'
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. m
Si.— Special meeting THIS rTHURS-^*^
DAT) KVEXING at 7 o'clock. Third TC3^
<1egree v.-ill be conferred by members of '
t'ie Past Masters' Association. Master Ma-
funs cordiailv invited. By order of the u. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. J66. F. and A. •
M.— Officers and member* are respect- -*£%-
:u\\y requested to assemble at the Ma- y>L^\
collie Temple. FRIDAY. April 26. at ' "^
1:30 p. m.. for the purpose of attending the
nbaeqdes of our late secretary. Brother
THEaE - SM g"r. WESTPHAL. W. «.-
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— ¦
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
KVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- 1*,^
*,-«•<>. Marter Masons are invited. By •
«.rder of the Master.
- J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club A Ov
mepts THIS .THURSDAY) EVEN- Jy, SpM>J
IXG. Fraternity Hall. 32 O'Farrell
rt . at S o'clock. "Smoker" follows.
GEORGE MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
ST. ANDREWS Society— Annual « «* >,
'rirnlly picnic at Fairfax Park, on 2V, iJlUJ
SATURDAY. May 4. 1901. Oak- N£*3£pe
Idrrt society will participate: boats '^»
from PauFalito ferry landing at 6:55. 9:30 a.
ri.. anfl 12:41 p. m. Tickets, 50c and 25c; to
he had from members or at wharf.
ALLAN POLLOK. President.
GEO. ST. JOHN BREMNER. Sec.
EARBER Bosses' Protective Association will
hold their meeting at 102 O'Farrell st at 2:30
p. m.. SUNDAY. April 28. All barbers are
iiivited to attend. Don't miss this meeting.
Imjiortant.
AGENTS WANTED.
MoKINLEY is coming; a big chance for agents
to sell his life; call at once; commission 69
]>er oer.t. THE WHITAKER & RAY COM-
PANY. 7:3 Market st.
WANTED— A local ag»nt in each township to
sell our up-to-date publications; good re-
:runeration for first-class people. Address
STEPHE.VSON'. box 114. Sacramento. Cal.
TO sell lots Kern River Oil District, $30 up- :
ward; monthly payments: liberal commls-
flon. 44 Third St., room 644.
AGENTS — Do 5 - ou want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or Insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
A.SPHALTCM ROOFING.
». PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
ppirod: po«tiil. 1186 MiFFion: J .eT. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE." atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market Ft., opp. Mason.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldff.. 827 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation free: no fees tn advance.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WIDOW with a child wishes 2 or 3 children to
board: yard: best of care. 1607 California gt.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $10i)0; SALOON with 9 rooms, surrounded
by factories, warehouses and lumber yards;
laree transient trade; r«-nt ?40. Call R. G.
WIL^vE. 2G 1 * Kearny st.
A- f 3000; GROCERY store (without bar) doin*
a large and profitable cash business; choicest
location in city. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
26',j Kearny et.
A— $2000: HOARDING and livery stable, West-
ern Addition; net rent $4S; clearing above $150
per momh; large patronage: stock of buggies,
horses and harness first class. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26',i Kearny st.
A— $400: BRAN'CH bakery and delicacy store;
rer.t $18; living rooms; location can't be beat;
gocd business. Call R. G. WILKE. £6%
Keaixy st.
A— $700: STATIONERY, variety store; cigars
and ice cream; Etock Invoices $1000; must be
sold at once; owner engaged otherwise. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny st. _^
A— $1350: RESTAURANT and coffee, saloon on
Kearny St.; rent $75: clearing $180 per month;
Oaily receipts about $50. Call R. G. WILKE.
1*6 Vi Kearny Ft.
A-$2:«0, HOTEL of 15 rooms, barroom, dining
hall, etc.: rent $75; place established many
years; doing a steady, good-paying business;
rare chance for party speaking French and
German. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $o50; STATIONERY, candy and branch bak-
ery with living rooms; corner; Western Ad-
dition: rent $10: good business; clean store.
Oall R. G. WILKE. 26»* Kearny St.
A— $4X>0; SALOON on Market St.; place esUb-
llshed many years and doing a large busi-
ness; net lent $135; slcknes In family com-
jx»I* owner to sacrifice; a mint. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26 1 * Kearny st.
A~$20'V>; PARTNER wanted in old established
flower Ftore, with nursery, hothouse, etc.;
boiler, horses, wagons, plants and trees of
all descriptions: established many years and
doing a money-making business. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 2J1V4 Kearny st.
JITtOO— PARTNER wanted; manufacturing busi-
ness; large sales; cash trade: staple goods.
MiLAUGHLIN & CO., 777H Market St.
SI75 — Millinery store: bargain; going East cause
<,f fale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., TTT'a Market.
J7r>.) — CORNER saloon: business location; full
value for price asked; retiring cause of sale.
Mclaughlin & co., rm^ Market st. -
$iu»}— DAIRY and milk route with cattle, near
<nty: roing to Europe cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777>4 Market st.
AAA— 1(« CIGAR stands. 200 groceries and bars.
300 candy and ice cream stores. 500 restau-
rants. $00 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with J100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy « business call and pee us.
WALTER HAYES & CO., S3S Market st.
FOR private sale: some of the best saloons in
the oity. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Mkt
2 RESTAURANTS: water front... $400 and $750
2 restaurants; Fourth st $400 and $SOO
I restaurant on Seventh Bt $1500
1 restaurant on Grant ave $000
IV-yides many others* also saloons, groceries,
lodging-houses. LUND1N & CO.. 906 Market.
WHAT? a building, a business, a stock and
fixtures, consisting of an oyster house with
restaurant; IKjuor license: doing big busi-
ness; centrally located and on Market: all
goes for $450. FISHER & CO.. 935 Market et.
J900— SALCON: rare chance for the right man
to acouire a good-paying business: guarantee
$L'0O per month clear of all. expenses; cheap
rent: 7 pood living rooms; no better location
In the city. Business Board Trade. ?2S Pine.
I HAVE bargains In groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candies, cigars, notlo.it
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Mkt.
A FINE restaurant: city front; $li00. JOSEPH
BAILIE. 7c9 Market st.
1250— PARTNER wanted In an old established
rash business; owner well known practical
' buiinees man; profits average $S0 a month
to each. Parti«irtars with DONNELLY &
CO.. G32 Market Et.
WANTED— Energetic man with $3500 to buy an
old reliable patent medicine business, includ-
ing etock. formulas, secrets, etc.. owing de-
parture owner. Pleas* call from 4 to 9 p. m..
Mendel"* Pharmacy, corner Washington and
Broderick sts.
•"FORTUNES Quickly Made In Oil"; write for
new booklet (just out): also special bulletin
and advices on oil investments: mailed free.
BECKLEY & CO.. Bankers, CO Broadway.
New York,
Tl'HY not stop In at SMITHS' and get a box of
their fine French mixed candy? 3">c box: fresh
every day; full line of L-»wney's pkg. candies.
25 Market st. SMITHS" Department Store.
$160— PARTNER wanted; saloon. 640 Commer-
cial et., second door frcm Kearny; rent {.''.•.
J ntSINESS CHANCES— ConiUnti*;*!^
J3C0O— FCL^TURE store In b»ft business town
on coasi. «-ttabli»h«U IT yeart; sacrificed in
ordrr to close eitate; expense of investigation
paid by us if not found as represented.
HOKN. SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny st.
WE have two shoe stores for sale at nearly in-
voice price: call ana get particulars; it will
pay you. HORN. SOLOMON & CO., 30
Kearny st. . •
WHOLE or half interest In well-stocked paying
drue stcre on Market St.: rent only 5C: good
lease: owner leaving city on account of sicK-
noss: a bona-Hde bargain. HORN, SOLOMOJM
& CO.. 20 Kearny st.
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale, $1400:
or owner will sell half interest to Bocd busi-
ness man for $800: will guarantee- J1S0 to S300
per month. HORN. SOLOMON & CO., 30
Kearny st. ¦
WHOLESALE liquor store; established 11 years;
doing a business of $40,000 per year; books
•open to inspection to reliable parties; terms
If desired; a rare bargain. HORN, SOLO-
MON & CO.. SO Kearny gt.
I S3CC— BUTCHER shop and trade; fine fixtures;
cost more than price asked to fit up. HORN.
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny St.
$500— GENERAL merchandise store for sale at
a Fccriflce: telephone exchange reduces rent
to $12. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny.
WHEN you want to jell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORN. SOLOMON & CO., 30
Kearny St.; tel. Main 1604. -
OLD-ESTABLISHED livery, boarding and sale
stable; 27 horses. 15 hoarding horses. 4 hacks.
9 buggies. 3 carts. 3 wagons. 27 sets double
and sing-le harness, blankets, robes, whips,
halters and everything necessary to conduct
the business; income J900 per month: expenses
JCOO; will Inventory $7000; price $5500; owner
muit go to Honolulu. Call 1315 Stockton St.,
between Broadway and Vallejo.
LADY or gentleman partner with J2500; pay in
Installments of $300 each; $300 will earn
J100 per month. Box <0S9. Call.
FRUIT store for sale on cood located street;
rooms above; sunny yard; no other people in
house; good for 2 men. Box 4048, Call.
LADY or gent to travel and act as cashier;
must deposit $100; salary $15 per week, in-
cluding all expenses. Box 403C, Call offlce.
FOR sale, or will taka partner In delivery
business. Address box 4061, Call.
FURNISHED barber shop to let. SE. corner
Turk and Scott sts.
FOR SALE— A well-established grocery and
general merchandise business in Oakland,
Cal.; will sell for cost price of stock, which
will Inventory for about $4000; splendid op-
portunity for an active business man; rea-
eons for selling, sickness; principals only
•will be dealt with. For particulars see J.
F. STREET, Attorney at Law. rooms 16 and
17, K>3 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
SALOON and gardens; established and kept by
present owner 26 years; retiring account old
age; large grounds, big trees, also tables,
benches, barns; few miles from S. F. ; town
S0O0: cheap; fare 35c round trip; near R. R.
station; factories; good place for bus rides,
email picnics, etc.; particulars to responsible
parties ; r.o agents. A. C. CLARK, 522 Third.
$230 — TAILOR business; no better location In
the city; Is positively worth over four times
amount asked: but It must go Immediately;
rent is very low; established 12 years. In-
QUire on premises. 505 Sutter st.
PARTNER: butcher business: doing business
J1200 and over: trial ffiven; experience not
needed: reference; must be sober and indus-
trious. Apply at 30">5 Sixteenth st.
SHOE store for sale in San Rafael; money-
making place for a shoemaker. For particu-
lars apply to JIAGXES. SEIBERLICH SHOE
CO.. 35 Second st,, S-an Francisco.
WELL equipped French hand laundry; ex-
clusive cash patrons: without competition;
good profit: poor health cause of sale. Ad-
dress box 2S25. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS new and second-hand ladies'
clothing store for sale cheap, as the owner
has other business; the rent is cheap and lo-
cation first-class. Apply 1023 Folsom st.^
RESTAURANT; best location In tov.-n; among
the big retail houses; a genuine offer. Box
4044. Call office.
RESPECTABLE lady of experience would like
ta manage a lodging-house; best references.
MRS. M. ST. CLAIR, Arlington Hotel. Oakld.
IF you want to sell your business Immediately.
Business Board of Trade, 32G Pine st.
BAKERY and restaurant for sale cheap on
account of Ill-health. Box 4019. Call office.
A MAIL dock restaurant, doing a good busi-
ness, for sale; account of other business.
Apply 597 First st. *
AN old-established fine paying grocery and
bar; on account of departure. 1315 Mission.
SALOON; old-established corner: 2 sunny liv-
ing rooms; must sell: other business. 554 4th.
FOR Sale— Good saloon: cheap; proprietor goes
to Germany. Box 37SS. Call office.
PARTNER wanted; must be a good cook or
waiter. Box 4016, Call office.
WANTED— A partner in saloon buslines. 640
Commercial st.
$123 — PARTNER wanted In restaurant: fine
bus.; no exp.: clears ?o0 mo. 496 Fourth st.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap, with living
rooms; complete. 136 Second st.
FOR sale — Candy store and ice cream parlor;
good location. Inquire at 1642 Market st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED mechanics' . boarding and
lodging house for sale. Apply Call offlce.
MAN with $300 to Join advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL
THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
10 rooms: rent $27 50 $350
6 rooms; Ellis st 400
16 rooms; corner; fine for transient 10C0
10 rooms; on Eddy st., near Market 5C0
14 rooms; on Third st., near Market 550
14 rooms: on Mission st 550
40 rooms; rent $60: clears $150 1000
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $200 2000
27 rooms; Just finished; very fine 2800
20 rooms: on Geary St.; clears $135 2400
44 rooms; positively the best; clears $300. 3700
80-room boarding-house; clears TCOO 8000
8-room flat; sunny side 700
6-room flat; very good 325
j 5C0 other houses. 2 to 700 rooms.
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT "96.
$100,000 to loan at 1*4 per cent:
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. 5th.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
830 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 82S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or busi-
ness to sell list with us. We have cash cus-
tomers for all sizes and prices.
63 rooms; downtown; modern apartment
house; clears $300 per month; flrst-
class Investment $3400
31 rooms; business center: offices: good.. 1800
12 rooms; rent $50; o*k furniture 1000
46 rooms; rent $175; cor.; clears $200 5000
11 rooms; rent $10; fine home; piano 850
10 rooms; elegant residence; partly fur.. 750
34 rooms; rent $130: elegantly furnished:
paying house; good perm, and trans... 2650
MARION GRIFFIN By' Call bldg.
719 Market St.; money to loan; tel. Black 1803.
yo rooms on Market st. ; low rent $6500
21 rooms on Eddy St.; full 1400
21 rooms; corner: good furniture 800
15 rooms; good: -quite central •.... 850
50 rooms: clearing JlrO per month 3500
16 rooms; O. K.; housekeeping ....*. 1000
14 rooms: transient: fair furniture 550
15 rooms; corner: fine rak fur.; fine bus.. 1550
26 rooms en Larkin rt. ; rent $90 2000
10 rooms; 2 blocks of Market; rent $35.... 300
40 rooms; full; north Market; rent $120... 1300
12 rooms: boarding-house; fine 1400
17 rooms: central: 1 flaor: clears $75 mo.. 500
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN.
6 rooms: excellent fr.rn.; cheap rent... $200
15 rooms; rent $41 50; good location 475
21 rooms; downtown; clears $100 mo 1,000
55 rooms; fins cor.; apartment house... 2,500
102 rooms: biggest money-maker In city. 5,730
148 rooms; particulars given bus. people. 25,000
Hundreds to choose from .$100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
" See our special bargain list before buying. "
WALTER HAYES & CO., SSS Market St.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market St. '
63 rooms; cheap rent: for $3250
50 rooms; corner: part cash...." 2600
32 rooms: rent $43; clears $100 1200
26 rooms; corner: $600 cash 1100
17 rooms; rent $501 $30C cash 1100
COO other houses for sale.
Money on furniture at U£ per cent.
18 ROOMS; Mission st.; rent $60; price $723.
12 rooms; Mason st. ; rent $45; price $750.
35 rooms on Howard: rent $80: price $1000.
19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $75; price $1500.
J2 rooms on Eddy: rent $58; price $650.
12 rooms; Pine: elegantly fur.; rent $50; $1200.
. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth St.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer: this office is licensed:
I am established since U92; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
O. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
I Rooms 1. 2. No. 917 Market st., opp. Mason.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St.. opp. Mason.
48 rooms; north of Market; only $1600
16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished 600
20 rooms: rent $50: location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price.
$300— LODG>NG-HOUSE, 14 rooms; very cheap
rent: water free; pays good profit. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
FOR sale— 10-room rooming-house; 12S>4 Ninth
et.: gocd location and cheap rent; rooms all
rented.
SNAP— $3t*: modern rooming house of 9 rooms,
1 b'-ck Van N«=s ami Market: north side;
rent $1.1. Box 3S26. Call offlce. •
A GOOD list of lodging-houses from J2«0 to
$25C0. .JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market st.
14 ROOMS: central: transient; neatly furnished;
rent $40; barcaln. Dcnnelly Co., 632 Market.
!?. * ¦ .. -.\/ r * /, ;";; '" ¦ ; j
| EUanufacfuritig Jeweler and Optician j
; 8i7_ JVIarkct Street » - i
' Old Gold, Silver and Hcidemy of Sciences Building , |
} Diamonds Bought San francisco . ', ;
.;; San Francisco, April 24, 1901.::
j; Business Manager\"The Call." v
<; Dear Sir: Kindly keep my ad . going as -
j; before. The results have been very sat- 'I
4 isfactory. It has been money well in-. ;
i: vested. Yours very truly, '•[,
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— The celebrated 'gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the*
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium in the
world so sure of his occult power that he will
give every person who comes prepared a won-
derful free tests. Call or write, with stamps
for answers, 1382 Market St., opp. Seventh.
AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual medium: advice in
all affairs of life; lo.wiuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining a. specialty; clr-
• cles Sun.. Wed., Frl. eve. : letters answered.
Resid. (no signs), 513 Eddy. bet. Hyde-Larkin.
SPIRITUAL lecture and tests this. Thursday,
evening by C. E. Wheeler at 8 o'clock at Oc-
cidental Hall, 305 Larkin st., corner McAllis-
ter; seats free^ '
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance. ' business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings fl. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough. EP.is car.
MRS. EBERHARDT'S convincing test meeting
to-night; 10c. 3230 Twenty-second st.: skeptics
Invited; telephone Blue 954.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night, 6C5 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. GILLINGHAM will read sealed questions
and flowers, 8 p. m., 10c. 305 Larkin st.
SPIRITUAL meeting every night ex. Sun., Mon.
1238 Howard; convincing test. Mrs. Maxwell.
MRS HARLAND'S circle to-night; best tests,
10c; prophetic readings, 50c. $1. 148 Sixth.
EARLE. 622 Geary St., telephone Polk 1297 —
Readings dally; seances Tues., Thurs. & Sun.
PKOF. GEE. readings, L. 50c; G. $1; mail, $1;
cir. Tues.. Thurs., Sal., 8 p.m.; 10c. 513 Jones.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: tests to all tn-nlght: 10c:
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of tne past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
, tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to over-
come them. Valuable advice in all affairs, of
life; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satis? action
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for pam-
uhlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never fails: has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife;, fees 25c up; satisfaction to
everybody: tlpsjon race3. 2i5\b Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant .t card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
€th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. GYEISN, trance, business medium, life
reader, medical clairvoyant; office hours 1 to
5 and 7 to 9 p. m. 100SV6 Market st.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 23c up. 472 Stevenson st.,cor.6th.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy; palmist; card
reader; 25c up; leaves May 20. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. MALLORY. clairvoj'ant, card reader;
¦when others fail consult me: 25c. 125 Sixth.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1S46.
YOUNG Miss Zemdar, clair.. palmist; names
given; hrs. 10 to 9. 1203 Market St.. cor. 8th.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 23c. .148 Sixth St., room 14.
I MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant and card reader;
ladles 25c, Bents. 50c. 132 Sixth st.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings daily. 448H Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to-SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st ; tel. South 40.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.'
STEVENS, mprr.. 38-40 8th St.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and P.eno-
vatlng Ca. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st. ; telephone Jessie 944
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
- .CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts chll-
. blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
~
GEORGE XV. KELLY'S Agency— No^hargTun-
lesfc successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath; rent $20. 2429
Buchanan St., near Jackson. _•
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 803 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays,9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; lady attendants.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns.$3 50; fillings,
50c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors.- 24 Sixth.
DR. - LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting, 50c: gas . given.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock price v, payments.
Office 1141 Polk st.. cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
CURRY. "Dentist": all work guaranteed. 214
McAllister St. : phone Mint 276.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of tecfli. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 23c.
DR. R.- L.WALSH.815% Geary. nr. Larkin— Pain-
¦ less extraction 50c;plates $5 upiphone Polkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in'S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM — "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth. "
SET of ' teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. .1341 Polk A..
DRESSMAKERS A.\D,SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market' st.
ACCORDEON pleating: country orders prompf
attention. 121 Post, ovtr O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
, GALLAGHER-MA^ilT^oTle^eT^arrotrbidg^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
& night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES 1 Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship. $50; individual
instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. 1'helan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
¦. can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elecmining.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
.der Nailien School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market St.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners: business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR, exp. aect., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.; Individ, instruction; catalogue.
WANTED— A few pupils in all branches in
oil painting by very competent lady teacher;
50c. Box E, Call offlce.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. 1008 Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Eth.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ITALIAN Labor Supply Co.. 24 Montgomery
ave., tel. John 14S1. will supply labor free of
charge; specialty of railroad help, farm
hands,, miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co., best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 233*.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of. all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st ; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning £r employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help.426 Powell, nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072
CHINESE and Japanese employment offlce —
Best help. 4W4 O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT . WANTED — FEMALE.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation for gen-
eral housework; is a good cook; city or coun-
try; no postal cards. 10 Stockton place, eff
Grant ave.
A WORTHY woman wants to do plain family
sewing and mending. Address room 31, 116
Sixth st. ,
A GOOD cook wishes housework In private
family; country preferred; references. Call
420 Minna st., near Fifth.
SWEDISH girl wants situation at light house-
work and plain cooking; $18 per month. Call
2725 Twenty-second st., corner Bryant.
WANTED— By competent Danish girl, situa-
tion to do second work or general house-
work. Box 4068, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by competent girl for
general housework and French or German
cooking; references. Address box 4069, .Call.
COMPETENT, reliablo woman wishes to do
general housework; no objection^ to a short
distance in the country. 79 Jessie st.
WANTED— Place In private family for general
housework. 2951 Pine St.
WOMAN . wishes to do washing. Ironing and
house-cleaning by thu day. S56 Mission St.-
YOUNG woman with a child wishes a position
as working housekeeper. Call at 3 Seventh st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a situation;
general housework or chamberwork in hotel.
Inquire 77 Natoma st.
RELIABLE girl wishes a situation as nurse
or, upstairs work and sewing.. Call at 4305
Eighteenth st. ¦
WOMAN wishes situation to do chamber work
or light housework. Call 422*6 Ivy ave.
WANTED— By highly recommended young wo-
man, position as maid or to care for children
going East or to Europe. R., 2210 Webster st.
JAPANESE man, Is good cook, and wif?.
want situations with family in countrv.
FRANK TAKOKA, 363 Seventh St., Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to Jl 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient ana respectable; free 'bus
i and baggago to and lrom ferry.
EMPLOYMENT AVANTED MALe!
SITUATION wanted by single sober reliable
coachman; handy willing allround man for
private place; Chicago references. Box 4067,
Call office. ' J-
BOOKKEEPER, experienced (German, 35 years
of age), wants position. .ROETHING, 1214
t* Laguna st.
WANTED— A position by ii good cook and
baker in hotel, restaurant or boarding-house;
city or country. 62 Second St., room 14. . t
A RELIABLF- man, 25 years of age, would
like a permanent position; $50 security. Ad-
dress 781 Mission st. ¦_ '
BURNISHER wants work on plated or silver
. ware. F. E..16S0 Eleventh St., W. Oakland.
GENTLEMAN would like different engage-
ments; can do surveying, civil engineering,
architecture, etc.;. quick service. Apply 1C33_
Union st.
AN Eastern man wishes position as a manager
or steward in a flrst-class hotel or restaurant;
city or country; 20 years' experience; very
best references. Box 4021. Call office.
WANTED— Position In hotel: city or country;
experienced: acquainted with traveling fra-
ternity; good references and security; willing
to be tried. Box 4024, Call office. r
AN experienced traveler would like engagement
after May 1; best reference from present em-
¦ ployer; salary no o'oject until ability Is proven.
Box 4045. Call office. -¦ . .
YOUNG Frenchman. . 25, highly educated and
speaking several languages, wants position.
Box 4020, Call office.
TO druggists! Wanted— A" situation; two and
a half years' expener.ee; not a graduate;
¦ willing in all: city or country; Al references.
Box 3856, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position in grocery and
bar; had one year's experience in bar work;
can speak German ard English. Box 3S36,
Call office. , ..;..¦ ..;.>
POSITION • by • Japanese as porter "In saloon
or barman. ¦ Address 211 Eddy st. ; telephone
Jessie ¦ 1588. '
WITH good references, I want a place as cook
in boarding-house or institution In this city.
Address YEE LING, 20 Prospect place,. city. ¦
A FIRST-CLASS all-round blacksmith and" a
helper; city or country Box 4038, Call. ,
SCOTCHMAN wishes situation to work In coun-
try.« Box 4013, .Call offlce.
• POULTRYMAN; understands incubators and
brooders. Box 222Jr Call . of flee. Oakland.
. - FINANCIAL.
FIRST-CLAsT"iECURITIES. ™
1 deal only In first-class securities: the cau-
tious Investor can usually find something In
1 my office exactly suited to his needs; call
' and see me. You are always welcome. .
T. OTWAY SADLEIR,
Room 40, 310 Pine st.
' FLATS TO LET.
FLAT of 3 fine rooms unfurnished for house-
keeping; large storeroom, balcony and yard.
923 Shotwell st. _¦
A — 10 DAYS free; sunny 7-rooni, newly reno-
vated; 442\a Sixth St., near Harrison, $18.
FOR. rant— Furnished modern flat, 6 rooms., ?or
4 months from May 1: cheap. 1530 Grove st.
SIXTH. 536A— Upper flat, 5 rooms and bath;
rent $12; water free. . . . • > .
6 SUNNY rooms, bath and tubs. 176 Thirteenth
St., near Howard.
3 ELEGANT new flats; Church St.. near 18th.
PLATS TO LET — Furnished.
A NICELY furnished modern flat of 4 rooms,
complete; reasonable. 613 Eddy st.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1517-MIddle: piano,
bath, garden, etc.. $26; upper. $20; lower, $12.
FLATS FOR. SALE FURNISHED.
$400— NICELY furnished sunny flat, .6 rooms.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market st.
FDRXITPRE FOR SALE.
FOR sale — Nicely furnished 6unny upper flat,
6 rooms, bath; Powell, near Pine; no agents.
Box 4015, Call offlce.
4 ROOMS furnished in cak. US r-0, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. Ilg7-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 5-room house; house to let;
rent $13. 12% Hollis st. ¦
VELVET parlor carpets and Magee range. 1806
Geary st.
ASSORTMENTS of furniture carpets and
stoves;. give us a trial. 1114 Mission st.
fJFPRXITPRE WASTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpels,
etc.. see W.E.Ccdy. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
ART goods and fine furniture bought. Indiana
Auction- Co., 117 Sutter St.; tel. James 141.
AUCTIONEER John Elder., 22 Kearny, buys &
• sells your bus., merchandise, fur.. carpets., etc.
IF you want to sell furn., mdie., etc.. se* J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st.; tel. James 134L
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
• price fop second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer—/ 1 - Vincent, 1305 Larkin ; tel. Polk 694 ;
furniture <fe furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY 'buys ycur furniture, carpets,
nlfmos. otc. 1135 Market t=t. : tr\. ,Te93le 7S1.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ..Phcne Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, San Jose, flrst-class hotel $25
2 waitresses, summer resort, see party here..
.r..$2o
Waitress, Newman, fare paid $20
Waitress, Nevada County, see party here.. $23
Waitress, south, fare paid $25
10 waitresses, city $20
Chambermaid, first-class hotel, country.. $15
Woman, general work, hotel, Sonoma $20
Cook, boarding-house, country ...J30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
10 house girls, country, fare paid ..$15-$30
In fact all women or girls looking for sit-
uations as cooks, house girls, second girls,
nurses, at good wages, city or country, apply.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A BOOKKEEPER for country: references. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.,
WANTED— Laundress, $25; cook, small country
hotel, $35; second cook,' coffee-house, $7
week, no Sunday work; cook, small boarding-
house, $30; 4 cooks, German style, $30; parlor
maid and waitress, $25; 6 second girls, $20-$25;
waitress, country hotel,, $25; waitress, coun-
try restaurant, $25; chamberwork and sewing,
country, $25; cook, wash and ironer for Ta-
coma, fare paid, $30. .We also want a large
number of servants for general liousework
for American and German families in both
city and country to fill our numerous situa-
tions, too many to advertise; wages $20, $23
and $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st. :
A— MRS. M. E. DAY A CO... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $25; 4 waitresses, country, $25;
8 waitresses, $20; 5 waitresses, city, $25 and
$20; 4 chambermaids to wait, $20; pantry
woman. $20; head chambermaid, hotel, $20;
chambermaid, flrst-claas hotel. $15 i...
FAMILY DEPARTMENT .......
¦ German cook, $40; housekeeper, small Amer-
ican family, $25; cook, 2 in family/country,
$30; 2 house girls, ranch, $20; house girl, 2 in
family. Santa Cruz, $20, fare paid, see lady
here. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Refined lady, with $100, to learn
genteel and profitable business and accept
good position, in country. Apply SCHOT-
TLER, 3 Eddy St.
OPERATOR on pants; must be flrst-class;
Eteady work; high wages. BELASCO-H AR-
RIS CO., 541 Market st. ,
WANTED — Seamstress in cloak and suit alter-
ation department. Apply at HALE BROS.,
979 Market st.,- before 11 a. m.
GIRL with references; upstairs work In family
of 3 and 3 children; call between 10 and 3.
2201 Broderick st. . .
"WANTED— Neat reliable gfrl to assist with
housework; reference. 4118 Twenty-fourth St.,
¦ near Castro.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Farrott building.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists;
steady work. KONIGSTEIN. 400A Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker on coats.
135% Natoma st., near New Montgomery.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
1287 O'Farrell st.
AN experienced apprentice on coats. 935 Mar-
ket St., room 14.
WANTED— A girl to assist at housework. Ap-
ply 222S Clay St., corner Buchanan.
A GIRL for general housework; German or
Swedish preferred. 1608 Geary st.
WAITRESS wanted; call early. .519 Post st.
GIRL to work in bakery and help to keep
house; wages $13. 142 Second st. -
COMPETENT girl for general housework and
cooking; -call after 10 a. m, 433 Oak st.
GIRL for general, housework, $15 per month;
sleep home. Call at 373 Hayes st.
WANTED — 2 girls for tailoring work at 131
Russ st.; good wages. .
GOOD girl; general housework; wages $13. 776
O'Farrell Et.
WANTED-Lady for shooting gallery- Inquire
443 Dupont St., near Pine.
GIRL for housework. 2320 Sutter st.
WANTED — For South America, a well-bred
nursegirl to take charge of three children;
must furnish best references; leave with
family next week and engage for two years.
. Call Wednesday or Thursday between 1 and
3 p.m., (absolutely no other time), room 357,
Golden W r est Hotel, city.
COOKING teacher for training school; gradu-
ate preferred; hours 3 to 6 dally; also Thurs-
' day and Saturday evenings; salary $25 month;
references. Address box 403S, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED girl to run buttonhole ma-
chine; good pay. JUDA BROS., 109 Battery.
AMATEUR singers wanted. • Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
GIRLS wanted to sew by hand. 723 Market
st., room 25. ¦ ¦ ¦ ; - '- ~y
EXPERIENCED girl to work In candy store.
Greek- American Candy Co., 44 Fourth st.
TAILORESS and apprentices wanted for coats.
631 Stevenson st. ¦ • .
FINISHER on coats; also buttonhole ' maker.
133% Natoma St.. near New Montgomery.
WANTED— In San Rafael, for general house-
work, an active obliging girl between age'of
¦ 28 and 30 in family of six; wages $30 month;
must have good references. Address P. O.
box 196, San Rafael. •
WANTED— A good coat finisher. £20 Kearny
st., uj>stairs,\room.l.
GIRL to assist in restaurant: experience not
necessary. Apply 1727 Market Bt. .
GIRL for part housework; must be good cook;
$25. Apply between 10 and ' 2, 2346 Jones st.
2 FIRST-CLASS, finishers on trousers. M. J.
KELLER CO.. Oakland.
BUTTONHOLE maker, finishers and appren-
tices on custom coats. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market Bt.
ABOUT J0O more operators wanted at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S. overall factory, 32 Fre-
mont St.; no experience necessary; good
wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
HAIRDRESSING taught In 4 weeks; positions
Eecured when finished;. eve'g. classes; term?
reasonable. Ha Irdressing College. 574 Geary.
MILLINERY, taught in 3 months; positions se-
cured when competent; ' eve'g. classes: terms
reasonable. Millinery .College. 574, Geary st.
WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tors. EAGLESON & CO.. 533 Market St.
CLASSIFIED ad wertisernents and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A WEEK'S new:i for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
IS pages, in wrapper, for mailing; $1 per year.
HELP ' WANTED— MALE.
A^njRRAY^&^EADY^ Phone Main 5S4S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY ... £•••••
Cooper, tight work a ?Z
Woodworker and wagonmaker "*~
2 millwrights, sawmill company, see Doss
here .
12 blacksmiths, shops and camps ll*-A"^"I',-
$oo, ?J a*> a -%
3 blacksmith helpers zz "j"Im
7 miners >>? and ss0
10 laborers to dig ditches, long J° b ""V':^
25 farmers, hay makers, etc 42b and *ou
Milk wagon driver $35 and found
3 butchers, slaughter house and I£? c V'jjj
15 cooks, city and country.... $33. $« and %M
12 waiters, city and country hotels '"Z1Z
..$23 and $30
Bakers," country shops'; "cook and wife; stew-
ard, officers,* mess ,-••
Call down and read our bill boards, contain-
ing full lists. MURRAY & READY, .*3i-636
Clay st. .
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. -Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .....--.••
Head laundryman. country hotel. $80; head
cook. cafe, country. $S5; baker and pastry
cook for summer resort. $60; second cook,
country hotel, $50: baker. Institution. $3o:
cook for a mine. $40; hotel man as steward.
$40; 2 omnibuses, country hotel, $25 and fara
paid; silverman, country hotel, $23 and fare
paid; 10 dishwashers and kitchen hands. $20.
$25 and $30; 3 bell and elevator boys. $13 to
$25......
Chris Johnson, the porter, please report....
MISCELLANEOUS
Coachman, good references, $3»; gardener,
private place, $25; 4 milkers. $30: 3 black-
smiths, $2 23 and $2 50; farmers. $28
RAILROAD WORK
Tunnelmen and drillers, free fare, $2 to $2 50.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED i. ,
Waiter for officers* dining-room In institu-
tion, near city. $25. board, room and laun-
dry. W. D. EWER &.CO., 610 Clay st.
A— WANTED •
Rough carpenter, $2 50; 3 men to hoe vege-
tables. $26 and board; blacksmith and shoe,
near city. $40 and found; carriage painter,
country, $45 and board; buggy washer, coun-
try stable. $30 and found: 2 milkers for Point
Arena, $30; 2 single hand miners, $42 and
board; road teamster for Mission road, $30
and found; dishwasher and kitchen hand, $20
and $25; sheep herder. Fee boss here, $-5;
handy man for ranch, $23; cellar man for
country, $30. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
FOREMAN for dairy. $"5 and found: milker
and wife, $50; 5 milkers. $30 and $35: 10 farm-
ers, $25 and $30: man about place. $25; chore-
men. $20 and JJ3; man to milk 10 cows and
do chores, $25; 10 laborers for country, $2 a
day; railroad section men, free fare; wood-
choppers, tlemakers and others. J. F. CROS-
j ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
BAKER, country shop, $55 and found; hotel
• cook, $40; restaurant cook, $9 week; hotel
and restaurant waiters, city and country,
$25 and $30 and $40. and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCT. 53 Third st. : phone
John 3131—2 carriage painters, country, $2 50
p<*r day; 4 carpenters, country, $3 to $4 per
day; 2 milkers, $35 per month; 2 milkers, 16
to 20 cows, $25 and $30 per month; 5 men to
cot wood. Dine, $1 25 per cord; 4 men to
make redwood ties.
WANTED— Elderly man to cook for 4 or 6
men; wages $15 per month. Call at ANDRE'S,
316 Stockton st. .
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Head waiter for country hotel. $43, free fare;
3 colored waiters, country, $30.
PANTRYMAN for city, $20; elevator boy,
$25; youns neat hall boy. $10. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO.. 335 Geary St.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union —
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsoro 1583. I. LESS. Secretary.
AN experienced merchandise packer, late from
the- East, city references: moderate pay:
could take other work. Write or call, E.
HOLLINGSWORTH. 1122 Market st.
BRIGHT boy (16 or over) to make himself
useful around machine offlce. Apply Thurs-
day 7 to 9 p. m., 507 Franklin St.. nr. Fulton.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building.
FIRST-CLASS men who know how to open
and cook oysters wanted. Call after 11 a. m.,
126 Third St.
WANTED— Two young men for light and gen-
teel employment; can make from $2 to $3 a
day; must have'$50. Call 220 Third st.,rrn.43.
WANTED — First-class silk and dress goods
salesman; state ase, experience and salary
expected. Apply box 4064, Call offlce.
WANTED— First-class window dresser; state
. age, experience and salary expected. Apply
box 4063. Call office.
ERRAND boys wanted. GREENBERG &
GREEXBERG, 31 Grant ave.
WANTED— A strong boy to work In paint
factory. Apply at 177 Valencia st. <
BOYS wanted. Inquire at the Rope Works,
Potrero; wages from $1 per day upward.
FIRST-CLASS, all-round mechanic for bicycle
repair shop: steady Job. Box 4038. Call.
FIRST-CLASS custom coatmaker. 310 Bush
street.
YOUNG man wanted to learn trade. 152 New
Montgomery st.
BOYS wanted for factory work. 132 New
Montgomery Bt.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 13c and
20o. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
STRONG boy to learn custom shirt cutting.
36 Geary St., room 46.
CLERK for grocery and bar. Corner Sutter
and Larkin sts.
FIFTEENTH-ST. House, 1561 Fifteenth St.—
Kitchen help wanted; dishwasher.
BOY 16 to 19 to put up stickers, $3 week; per-
manent. Address box 4065, Call offlce.
STRONG man wanted to shovel ground. Call
at - Eighteenth and Hampshire sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A paper hanger with tools. 13S6
Market st.
LUNCH waiter from 11 to 12 p. m. 515 Va-
lencia st.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 108 Seventh at
BOY 18 years old for Alaska. Apply at once
schooner Reliance, Third-street wharf.
WANTED— A first-class waiter. 29 Stockton st.
BARBERS: 2-chalr shop for sale, $73; rent $6.
403 Pacific st.
MACHINIST, one who understands sewing ma-
chines with knowledge of button-hole ma-
chines preferred. Standard Sewing Machine
Co., 6 and 8 California st.
PANTS presser to take charge of shop; steady
work; good wages. SELIG BROS., 103 Bat-
tery st. t ',-¦•¦:¦
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman; must work
evenftig: state previous position and salary
expected. Box 4040, Call offlce. , . v -
FOR sale— A good 2-chalr barber shop; good
business; low rent; a great bargain. Box
4039. Call offlce.
GOOD cash boys wanted. S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 71S Market st.
COATMAKER wanted. M. J. KELLER CO..
Oakland. ' i
BLACKSMITH helper. 212 Railroad avenue,
near Fifth avenue south. ¦ ' f
"WANTED— Neat youns waiter. 210 Townsend
street. , • .
PARTNER in plain cash business; pay $65 to
each; $150 required. Lundln & Co., 906 Market.
BARBER shop for sale. 701 Mission St., cor-
ner Third; must leave city.
A GOOD boy or man wanted to do peddling;
$4 50 a week and up. Call at 563 Natoma st.
from 7 o'clock In the morning.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per-week.
"WANTED— Man with J300O to. handle a $30 000
" exhibit at Buffalo. Box 4014. Call ofBce.
PANTS pressmen wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary gt.
BARBER shop, 2 chairs; cigar stand;*$175. In-
quire 3901 Twenty- fourth st. •
BLACKSMITH and 2 helpers on wagon work.
316 Railroad ave.. S. S. F.. Butchertown.
COMPETENT locksmith and belltianger: state
reference and experience. Box 4005. Call. '
WANTED— German agents, well dressed good
talkers. Call 9-10 a. m. at 605 Parrott bids.
BARBERS— A 3-chalr shop for sale ch°atv 14
Turk st. . '
G^st 1 facto;7Tf
B WO^ S & °gor^Ge^ Pl s y t faCt0ry ° f S " *•
G F T r7 our -J hoea half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. t-62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ABOUT TEN more agents wanted at 347 Third.
WANTED— Flrst-class cock for hotel: refer-
6 m 63 r " e< ? ulred - C. E. EMERSON. Susan-
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and Znd-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have »00 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st. '
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
I order. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny «C
nELPTjTAN^Jp— -MALE: — Con.
"WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, \j,
S. navy; able-bodied unmarried men of goo<i
character, between the ages of 21 and K-
not less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over i
feet 1 inch; able ti> read and speak English
For further information apply at the Recruitl
ing Otfice. 40 EUis st.. San Francisco.
MEN — Our catalogue explains Row we teach
the trade in two months, saving two years;
mailed free. W«? have no ic shop in connec-
tion with our coliese: chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st_
Beware of any cheap imitations.
WANTED— For a wholesale liquor house a r«-
liable man for a city delivery wagon: only
applicaticns statin? former occupation anj
experience with references will be consid-
ered. Apply box 4025. Oall office.
WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class carriage gear and body maker;
steady employment to right narty and first-
class wages. Apply to A. M"ISTER & SON3
CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for his tuition.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 70O rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1034
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 220O Fillmom st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
HOTJSE of 8 large sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished; piano, garden, laundry; May 1, for
3 or 6 months: rent reasonable 2T!S Mission.
'HORSES AXD WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
J27 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FINE pair of draft horses. 5 and 8 years old:
round; weight between 15C0 and 1SO0. Address
F. W. SWEETSER. Novato.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence ita
Sd session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale— Span light youngr mares: campln*
wagon and harness. 1302 Mission St.. room 2.
S SECOND-HAND sprinkling wagons in food
order for sale. 377 Shotwell st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN * SON. 2117 Mission st.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN a No. 1 express vegon. single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A-PRIXTED LIST Houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSE.V & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— NICELY furnished 3 rooms arid bath; pianoj
etc. 1312 Howard st. ; $40 a month.
SUNNY house 9 rms.: conveniences; large yard;
basement. 19^ Central ave.. near Sacramento.
FURNISHED HOUSED AT PIEDMONT.
TO let for 3 months, commencing June 1; a
house of 17 large sunny rooms; billiard-room;
library: large ornamental grounds: use of
stable; cows, poultry, fruit, flowers and vege-
tables; fine view and climate; easy of access
by electric cars; rent very low to deslrabla
tenant. For particulars apply to R. S.
BROWN. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COUNTRY HOUSES TO LET.
TO let in Santa Barbara— Furnished hous«:
house and furniture new; fine location; two
blocks from Arlington Hotel and one block
from trolley line: ten minutes* rids from
beach; house contains four bedrooms, serv-
ant's room, etc.: gas and electric lights; th»
most complete and best furnished house in
Santa Barbara. For particulars • address
FRANK M. WHITNEY. Santa Barbara. Cal.
INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER.
YOU light your flame, and by the time you are
disrobed hot bath 13 ready, at a cost of 2Vic;
call and see It In operation: send for Illus-
trated pamphlet. RIEEON WATER HEAT-
ING CO.. Examiner building, room 6P7.
LOST AM) FOUND.
LOST — Small gold heart In or near Hale' 9 storo
on Market st. Reward at Wt'LFFS Grocery.
Seventh ave. South and M st.
$5 REWARD— Lost. Irish setter dog: tag 4Xo.
Return to 624 Polk st.
LOST — At Techau Tavern, solitaire diamond
ring and rameo ring; reward $20. Return to
521 Capp st.
LOST— Sunday afternoon, on golns to the park.
a heavy gold chain. A liberal reward on re-
turning same to 1C12 Thirteenth st
FOUND— 20-foot skiff. 1 car marked S. A., El
Campo. Fishermen's wharf.
Wanted— Old jroH for manufacturing. O. Xoltr.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATKI^ioXIAIU
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for lUt. MRS. HERTZ. 70fi Kills st.
J1ATTUESSKS A> O l)PH»LSTKH>.
:?ATTliEisSEs"linT~^^
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleared: expert carpet cleaning: strictly rell-
ahie. HOPTCE BROS.. TIS-KO Eleventh st.
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly: I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of f«-
nnale complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinata
cases are Immediately relieved without pain:
no other treatment will do this: the most dif-
ficult -cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. CfDON.NELL, 1018 Markt.
A— Dr. V. Popper, the well-known female spe-
cialist, cures all female complaints in ona
day: the longest and most obstinate cases
relieved without pain: every woman her own
physician: can be sent: experience In atl
cases for 37 years. 12 Mason st.. near Market.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market, ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy: a t-ellabl«
treatment, superior to any other: positive cure
guaranteed at offlce; patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give
instant relief for all female complaints at of-
flce; travelers helped at once: home in con-
finement: consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
1122 Market St.. next to Owl Drug Store.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1033 Market St.. nr.
6th— Expert specialists: well known ana reli-
able; 25 yra. experience: treatment guaranteed
»to give Instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists: consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
• office; any ailment: home before and durlns
confinement. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dles' specialist: best medical care: low fee*.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. ?d-hand machinery. Mc-
PCTOSH & WOLPMAN. 133-1?7 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and s«ccnd hand: we always
have a large stock of salcon cutflts on hand;
82 complete outfits on one floor, ready mad»:
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
. NOONAJJ. 1017. 1019. 1C21. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery. «»-¦
irlnes, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 213 Spear st.
BEAUTIFUL cluster diamond rtng. opal cen-
ter, for $60; worth double the price. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FINE stilts. M0: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— J3 50 DERBT and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Popu-
Iar Price Hatters. S30 Kearny st. near Pine.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and Georpe" Van Haltren: 30c post-
pa!d. S. R. CHURCH. 3Q7 Sansome St.. 9. F.
TYPEWRITERS at acy price to close them
out: different makes: call early fcr bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 4M California.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers; good
order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. lith.
A NO. 1 young fr»sh cow; milks 13 quarts daily;
gentle: reasonable. 83 Shotwell St., cor. 13th.
SAMPLES tailor male suits, size 36 bust;
silk lined; chear. 819 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS? second-hand modem engines anrl
boilers bought and sold. KHOGH MFG. CO.
GAS. steam, oil and mining machinery bouslit
and sol'l. Livingston. 5T.S Mission st.. nr. 2rt.
2C0 LIGHT marine set. directly cortnerted: good
shape: cheaD. H. S. WHITE. SIB Mb«4aa st.
ENGINES and bol!er3: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beai» st.
Gasoline or distillate eug;ne«. new ft 2<l-hanJ;
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bliixome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC an-J masie lantern good*
bought. «cld. exchanged. 103 11ont<»"Tn»ry st.
SAFES— Nevr anrt second hand. THE HEit-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-4:3 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand iVovins pic-
tures. BULLARD & ERECK. 131 Vr,*t ft.
SAFES— New and seconj hand: all si3t»«. THK
WALTZ SAFE. 109-m Market st.. San Tnn.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekiy
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for %LHOTEL ABKIVAIia
PALACE HOTEI*
L Cravens, N Y .
J P Taylor Jr. Berkley
H L Davis, Oakland
F Shields, Oakland
L D Webster & w, Chg
W B Buckminster &
w. Boston
W R Hume, Oakland
F G Alight, Oakland
Mrs J G Craighead,
NY
Miss Craighead,' N Y
Mrs W H Beadleston,
NY
Miss Beadleston, N Y
C P Beadleston. N Y"
R Beadleston, NY
A A Johnson, Chgo
J Spalkhaver & w, NY
W Hohmeyer, NY
F J Batchelder, N Y
E G Wheeler, N Y
W W Burnett, -P Alto
Mrs W G Sener. Cal
8 D Rosenbaum, Cal
F W Caldweli. Chgo
Miss Caldweli. Chgo
Mrs C L Hall, Chgo
G J McCarty, Mexico
Miss J Dunn, Chgo j
J Dunn, Chicago
C S Fogg & w, Tacom
G C Jensen. Alameda
C M Hollenbeck, NY
Mrs C'L Smith. Denvr
Smith, Denv
W A Osborne.-N. Y
W- D Solomon. NY.
L Jerkowskl. N T .
H A Everett & w.
Cleveland
Mrs A Black. Cleveld
A Steam & w, Cleveld
H O Hard & w. Ohio
F Royden,. England
D W- Stevens. Wash
W Adams, Mass •
W M Latham. N T
Dr D A Carmlchael,
Hawaii
A L Young, Hawaii
O N Reichard & w,
Philadelphia '
Mrs- A Reichard. Pa
L G Nevill, Boston
C H Blgelow & w, St
Paul . •
A W Crossley, NT
C Boetcheler. Denver
B E Stevenson; Berkly
F A Spencer, Portland
E L Doheny & w, Cal
S H Westfall, Cal .
Mrs 'A Mulhauser Jr,
Cincinnati
GC Mulhauser, Clnnci
R J Northam, Cal
J M Meredith, L Ang
T Magee & . w, Cal •
L F Early. Cal
Dr H H Stromberger,
.U.S N
J Van Vlecfc Jr & w,
N J =
T Chisholm & w. N T
Misa H Chlsholm. N Y
GRAND HOTEL
w H Bray. Nevada »
H K Owens, San Jose
Mrs King, San Jose
Miss Martin;., San Jose
W E Moldrup, Ala
F Frazer. Auburn
J McCartle, Cal
W D Nicholson, L Ang
R B Burns, Los Ang
J M Banos, Los Ang
Miss D M Guise. D C
Miss M Hunt, D C
J Well, Sanger
E Van Slyke. N T
C H Ramsay, ' Honolul
H E Greims, Honolulu
H W Darling & w. Ill
H Wittenberg, Portlnd
W S Shippey, Visalia
Mrs E Wilson, LosAngr
Mrs R B Young, L An
Miss M Young, L Ang
F W Yftung. Los Ang
R E Callahan. Sacto
A J Bledsoe, Ukiah .
O E Williams. tJkiah
Mrs' F E Frights, Oak
Mrs F Frights. Oakld
Ct A Smith. Cortland
T J Medland. Los Ang
A C White. Stockton
J W Kaseberg-. Sacto
R M W^atson. Ls Gatos
I Laird. Treka
G B McCord, Hanford
Mrs E Morrison, Wash
J F Roach. Gr Valley
E C Cutler. Gr Valley
Dr-W-T Barry. Salinas
H M Campbell, Can
R H Stevens, Cal
C S Pope, Cal
J J Luchslnger, Valljo
Dr B A- Plant. St Cruz
Mrs J B Peabody. Ind
J H Ambrose, Me
C Moltzen. Pt Reyes
G A Van Voorhlea. Sac
W V Wortllng, Stocktn
G E Stewart, N Y
S A Palmer & w, Cal
J E McCoy, Oxnard
Mrs A Mountjohn, Can
Miss Mountjohn, Can
NEW .WESTERN HOTEL
G H Porter. L Ang
W F Wood, Iowa
E C May & w, Chgo
J MayeriA w, Chgo
R W Gates, N Orleans
S M Orratt, N Orleans
S M Johnson, Wyo
H C Gates & f, Bing
hamton
C Happy, Spokane .
M Mason. Willows
F A Winter. Willows
J Bax, Utica
W H Brlngman & w,
Wisconsin
Miss H K Kain. Mass
L G Carson. Chicago
F L Heath. Colfax
C Smith, Seattle
MiES A Redman. Seattle
Judg-e -Murasky. made an order yester
day denying the motion for a nonsuit in
the action instituted by Horace W. Phil
brook against Van R. Paterson. The de
fense then opened. Judge Paterson tes
tified that he had no malice against Phil
brook. He did deem him erratic, however,
having seen him act peculiarly. To show
that he bore no malice toward 'Phllbroolc,
Judge Paterson stated that he had often
permitted him to use his stationery and
transact his .business- in. the '. office of
Rodgers, Paterson & Slack. J This privil
ege was accorded Phllbrook, the witness
testified,- until he abused- the same-and
cpmplaint was made against him by th©
employes of the office.
Attorney Joseph. C. Campbell testified
that he had frequently seen - Phllbroolc
acting. strangely, throwing his arms up
ward and giving : other evidences of ec
centricity. Robert Y. Hayne and ex-Judge
"Wallace testified on behalf of the defend
ant. Judge Hayne directly contradicted
Phllbrook as • to advice given by Judge
Hayne to Philbrook as to the best way
to proceed-to secure a review of the dis
barment proceedings against the last
named. Judge Wallace denied Phllbrook's
charge that he tried to intimidate- Phll
brook during the trial of the Levinson,
case, and 7 gave ..other evidence favorable
to the defense.
The case will go on again this morning.
Judge' Murasky Makes OrdeT Deny-
ing^ Motion for: Nonsuit and
Defense Opens. .
witnesses; testify . ::. .' >
! J" IN PATEBSO2TS FAVOR
Shasta's Queen of May. :
- REDDING, April . 24.— Miss Mary, Schaf
ter of the town of Shasta has been elected
May. queen of the ¦ county of Shasta, to
preside over : the \ Mayday picnic in -Red
ding and ' to represent the county at the
street fair in Sacramento as maid of hon
or to the queen of 'the carnival.". "'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV THtRSDAY, ! APRIL 25* 1901.
11
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 -BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
AT AUCTION,'
AT AUCTION.
" AT AUCTION -=' -.-.."•
. at auction;
. at auction,
I • Bank Properties,
> SATURDAY. MAY 4," •
12 p. m., at office.
YOUR RENT WILL BUY
. , . A HOME.
Payments include principal and Interest.
A clean-up at your Price.
At less than houses cost.
BERKELET HOME— $200 cash. $20 mo.; 3C25
Ellis St.. ar. Prince; bet. Lorln and Ashby sta-
tions; modern 2-story Colonial 7-room; bath; 2
mantels; fine order; 42x109; street complete.
GOLDEN GATE OR LORIN-STA. COT-
TAGE— $150 cash, '$15 mo.: 1031 Sixty-third or
Felton st. ; 2 blocks San Pablo ave. ; bay-win-
dow; 6 rooms; bath; brick foundation; nice
order; 50x162. -. ' ' ¦
LORIN STATION LOTS-J30 cash, $5 per mo. ;
N. s. €2d or Crawford St., 2 blocks east Sa'n
Pablo ave.; 2 lots, each 50x168.
GOLDEN GATE COTTAGE— $150 ¦ cash. $13
mo. ; E3d or Mattie ave. ; 2 blocks San Pablo
cars; 6 rooms; mantel; brick foundation; stable;
40x109; newly painted; choice neighborhood.
WEST BERKELEY LOT— $25 cash, $o mo. ;
S. s. Carrison. 291 E. San Pablo; 33x126.
NORTH OAKLAND LOTS— $50 cash, $5 mo.%
S. s. 43d St.. 30 ft. W. of Market; 2 lots, each
50x100; near electric. cars and new ferry..'.
ALAMEDA COTTAGE— $1EO cash, $15 mo.;
1913 "Broadway; 5 blocks Park-st. local; cozy; 6
rooms, bath; 50x125; shrubbery; nice order.-.
CHOICE CENTRAL EAST OAKLAND
HOME— $300 cash, $30 mo.; 13S0 13th ave., cor.
E. 18th St.; near station; fine 2-story; 9 rooms;
2 toilets; 3 mantels; furnace; gas fixtures;
choice neighborhood; first-class condition.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $150 cash. $15
mo.; S57 E. 21st et., nr. 19th ave.; bay window;
6 rooms; bath; lot 50x140; newly painted; fronts
electric cars; street macadamized. •
TWENTY-THIRD-AVE. COTTAGE — $250
cash, $25 ma; 1127 E. 20th st ; 23d-ave. cars;
modern; 7 rooms; bath; fine order; beautiful
view; near station, churches, schools; lot 75x150.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $100 cash; J10
mo.; 1007 E. 23d st., nr. 21st ave.; 3-room cot-
tage; elevated; 50x140; good neighborhood.
EAST ' OAKLAND COTTAGE— $125 cash;
$12 50 mo. ; 1004 E. 22d St., nr. 21st ave. ; cozy
bay-window; 4 rooms; basement: brick foun-
dation; 25x140; sightly; near cars, school.
STORE AND FLAT— $200 cash, $15 mo.; 1570
and 1572 21st ave.; E. 21st st. cars half block;
modern; double bay-window, 2-story; shelving,
fixtures; flat 5 rooms; bath; mantel; street
macadamized; 27:6x125; see this.
TWENTY-THIRD AVE. STA. COTTAGE—
$150 cash, $15 mo.; 641 Kennedy st.; sta, 1-
block; bay-window; 6 rooms; bath;. brick foun-
dation i macadamized; splendid home.
E. O. CORNER LOT— $50 cash, $5 mo.; NE.
cor. 15th ave. and E. 17th st. ; 42x90; near 23d-
ave. sta. ; adjoins nice Improvements. .
FRUITVALE STA. LOT— $50 cash, $5 mo. ;
S. s. Washington, 100 feet E. Brandon st. ; 25x
lfc; homes adjoining; 3 blocks of station.
.^TWENTY-THIRD AVE. STA. LOT-S25 cash,
$S mo.; N. side E. Ninth St., 225 E. of 28th
ave.; 25x100.
ELMHURST COTTAGE-JIM cash, $12 50
mo.; First ave.; block power-houses; .modern;
bay-window; 5 rooms; bath; barn; 50x150.
¦; ELMHURST COTTAGE-$150 cash, $12 50
mo. ; Third st., nr. Jones ave, ; new; bay-win-
dow ; 6 rooms ; bath ; 40x125 ; cement walks.
ELMHURST LOT— $25 cash; $5 mo.: SW.
cor. Orchard and Third ave.; Stone Tct.; 60x
140; 3 blocks cars: powerhouse.
. REMEMBER DATE,
' SATURDAY, MAY 4, AT 8 P.M. j
Write for maps. Call and be shown properties.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
Salesroom 460 and 4S2 8th St., Oakland.
$100 DOWN; near Adeline station; 4 rooms;
sunny elde; 25x133; only $10 monthly; dis-
count for spot cash.
• $750 — Two-story house and lot, 60 feet front,
with well,, windmill and tank; fine water
supply; close to Ban Pablo ave.; walking dis-
tance of station; easy monthly payments;
discount for spot cash; see at once. "
$2750— Price reduced; forced sale on account
of mortgage of $1800; fine large Eastlake cot-
tage of 7 rooms, bath, high-floored basement;
lot 50x140; sunny elde; near San Pablo ave.;
barn, flowers, shrubbery, stone walks, etc.,
.etc.; street work complete; worth $3500; look
this up.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$25 CASH, $10 monthly— Lot 100x200, fronting on
¦ two streets; lot covered with fruit and ehade
trees; city water; an ideal place for chicken
raising; finely sheltered; superb soil; away
from fogs and raw winds;- adjoining East
Oakland; near a fine school and electric car
lines; price $590 all told. Call or send for cir-
cular, 455 Seventh Bt.. opposite Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland, carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
Owner.
$2250 EACH— Two new 5 rooms and bath cot-
tages on West St., nr. 28th; can be purchased
on easy payments; lots 25x140 each; must be
seen to be appreciated. - Call or address "A. J.
6NYDER. 467 9th St., Oakland, Cal.
FOR sale • or exchange — A new 13-room house
and stable for cottage. Inquire at 1520 Eighth
ave.. East Oakland. ¦ • .•¦ ¦ - ¦
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, th«
furniture dealer. Ilth and Franklin. Oakland.
s ¦
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BIRCH ave., 617^4—3 housekeeping rooms, $8.
Apply 642 Grove et.
ELLIS, 621 — Front room furnished for house-
keeping; gas stove; $10. -
GEARY. 729, rear— 3 clean ' unfurnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; yard.-
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Sunny bay-window
suite, 3 rooms, nicely furnished ; gas, ¦ bath.
HAIGHT, 222—2 nicely appointed housekeeping
rooms for couple; telephone; references.
HYDE, 408— Sunny front basement suite of % or
3 rooms; $16 to $20; also single, $6.
LIBERTY, 129—3 or more elegantly, completely
furnished housekeeping rooms; gas stove;-
use of piano; phone; pleasant surroundings.
McALLISTER, 416— Large eunny parlors; com-
plete housekeeping; $2 a week up; furnished
¦ and unfurnished ; reference.
SECOND, 212— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
lng; .reasonable and respectable.'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnra. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 821 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city;' polite attendance;
large rooms. 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms
• 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny st —
Tel. Red 3634; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
FIFTH, 264— Nicely furnished clean front
room; bath; for 1 or 2 young men; rent $6 60.
FILBERT, 614— Nicely furnished front sunny
room. ¦
GEARY, 1137— Newly furnished rooms; hot and
cold water; bath and phone. .
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
LARKIN. 804— Large sunny front, nicely fur-
nished, $10; large sunny back, nicely fur-
nlshed. $3. -.
MASON, 217— Front sunny suite, elegantly fur-
. nished; running water; piano.
MINNA. 667,- corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window. room; $1 per weeg; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1013 Market St.— Nicely
. furnished rooms, ,$2 a week up; 33e a*day up.
NOE, 266, near Market and Sixteenth— 5 or 6
sunny rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
. offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POND. 72, near Seventeenth and Noe— 2 nice
eunny parlors, unfurnished; bath; $S.
POST, 631— Pleasant front room; would suit
young lady; very quiet family; Protestant
preferred.
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $lrweek. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking room and ladies' par-'
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
,.«; month." $R to $30: elevator on ground floor;
'rooms with not and cold water;, baths. ¦¦•
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Fiynisned or unfurnished.
SILVER, 127B, near Third and Harrison— Sun-
ny furnished rooms in private family; reas-
onable; bath.
THE Oxford, 271 O'Farrell— Suites- and single
rooms from $3 up. ' ¦ '
TURK, 126— Sunny furnished front room suita-
ble, for 1 or 2 gentlemen. Call 1 to 9 p. m.
UNION, .1033— Furnished rooms to rent '"¦;.'
VALLEJO, ' 1121 — 4 unfurnished reoms; - yard;
. water free ; rent $10. ...
.................. VAN NESS. 330 ..;......:...
Bachelors' apartments: elegantly furnished;
> all south, rooms; references. . .7 • .- ' -
A BRANCH offlce for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established, at 10*6
* Valencia st. . ;' '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 'Flllmor*.
TERSOXALS — Continued.
THE Microbane Medical Co., removed . to 411
Geary Et.. where they pive you free treat-
ment for bald heads, felling hair and dan-
druff: liicrcbar.e Hair Grower cures all cases;
we also remove supe;-fluous hair; call and see
us. Microbane Medical Co., 411 Geary ft.
WRINKLES— Call and see woman wrinkled on
one side, smooth on the other; $1000 forfeit for
a case of wrinkles we cannot remove. N. Y.
Inst. Dermatology. 105 Kills St., S. F.
TtAG carpets wove to order and lor sale: also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or cfcaln, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 70* Fifth.Oakland. •
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at*
Lome; $3; valuable information for. liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MI?3.
WILLIAMS. 1S33 Polk si. San Francisco. '
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
' Scotch. 51 j up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light la every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to JIM per night; 51 u0 to $6 per. week:
free 'bun and bag?agc to and from the ferry.
SCHOOL to learn ha'lrdressing. hair work, man-
leuring: private lessons or class. MISS A. V.-
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
L. — RETURN Immediately; everything fixed;
"liberty forever." JEN AND PA.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie St.
Dr. Harriett Welch, 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3, ex-
cept Th. and Sat.; electrolysis; 17 years', exper.
SPRING Etyles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market st, nr. Sixth.
OLD geld, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
Ladies' & sents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. J. Sllverman. 984 Folsom;tel.Fol«om 1191.
C. LANDECKER. 20 Montg"y— Watches cleaned
and repaired, no matter what's broken. $1 ;gruar.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores' (tray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, \ the best
corn cure: 25c: all druegriEts.
FIIYSICIAJCS AA'D SURGEONS.
DR. C C7 bbONNELL— Of flee and residence,
10a Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all disease* of the human body: sen
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. EM*.
PILES. .
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here in your
midst, many who have suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no. chloroform,
surgery or delay from business, and no
calves for sale. Particulars, address Physl-
clan. box 1950. Call office. S. F.. Cal.
HEAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
; . ..—.— -~-~^>
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. ; , , '.¦¦•¦
Realty and rents both going up. ¦ L-.'J
Secure a lot from us and be Independent.
$500 to $800— Graded lots in Sunset District ;
superb view; "selling rapidly; $10 monthly.
$360 to $750— Choicest Richmonds lots; ,$10
monthly. : ;
$75. $100 to $860— Level Ocean Boulevard lota;
all bargains; $5 monthly.
$75, $100 to $250— Level lots near Mission-et.
cars; ready to build on; $5 monthly.
$500, $1000 to $3500— Splendid cottages: remark-
ably cheapj choice locations; easy terras.
Branch office. Ninth ave., near H st.. Sunset.
SOL GETZ & BRO.,
Si Chronicle Building.
EXECUTRIX AUCTION.
We have been Instructed by the widow of
the late John P. Poole esq. to sell their grand
ten-room house and lot. .stable and outhouses.
198 Laldley St.. cor. Fairmont st. ; lot 176x150.
Cottage of 4 rooms, 140 Laldley et.; lot lOOx
110.
One lot, 60x121, on Palmer st., near Fairmont.
One lot. 100x100, on Laldley St.. near Mateo
street.
Sale Tuesday. April 30, at 10:30 a. nx. on the
property.
The above property must be sold regardless
of cost or value. This Is a grand chance to
buy good r-^perty at your own price. (
Send for descriptive catalogue.
J. A. MUNRO & CO., Auctioneers,
Office 240 Stockton sU S. F.; tel. James 154L
HOWARD-ST. BARGAIN.'
North side, between Fifth and Sixth; old
Improvements with nominal rents, but lot Is
in good locality; owner la very anxious to
sell; price asked $4000; a reasonable offer will
be submitted. Particulars at -
THOS. MAGEE & SONS. -
' 5 Montgomery st.
S27,OC0— REDUCED from $30,000; lot 125x100;
suitable for manufacturing or storage; centra]
location. COFFET, HUGHES & CO., 630
Market St. " -
BARGAIN — Fine Income property In Mission;
stores and fiats; price $8500; only $3000 cash;
rents pay balance on installment. RODGER
MAGEE, 207 Montgomery et.
FOR Bale — Well-constructed, modern ¦ residence.
8 rooms and bath, in a desirable location
near park; reasonable terms. 660 Mission st.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. Salsbury, builder. 1333 Market.
FOR the best located lots In Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. "530 California.
HEAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sal*
$1200—160 ACRES. Monterey Co.: 60 acres in
peaches, cherries, apricots and grain; good
house; mower, rake and farming utenMJs; a
enap; must be sold. Apply A. M. SPECK &
CO., 667 Market st.
BUY In Napa County; no droughts, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Vlticulturiat." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO., St. Helena. Cal.
MARION GRIFFIN. Real Estate Agent. . 719
Market St., by Call • bldg.— Free circulars de-
scribing farms for sale all over this State.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for 6ale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma. Cal.
NEW house, with Vi acres of land for sale.
»N. BUCKLEY. P. O. box 174, Petaluma, Cal.
WRITE J. W. HORN, 812 Main. Petaluma, for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— In Ross Valley, 7 minutes' walk
f rcm San Anselmo station, an attractive
home, having 10 rooms and bath; lot 60x200:
well cultivated. For particulars Inquire of
J. I. TAYLOR. 404 Sansome st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1250— SNAP; elecant new modern cottage;' 4
rooms; fine location: near station and school.
A. G. BURNS & CO..- 7501 Park Ft.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1700— WORTH $2300; 6 large rooms; lot 45x120;
1 block to train; electric cars pass the door;
fine mantel; tiled sink; 80- foot St.; all sew-
ered; $300 cash, balance $20 per month; place
will rent any day for this installment; must
sen on account of departure. \V. C. MORAN,
Lorln Station, or Schmidt block, Berkeley.
$5700— ELEGANT 10-room residence; sunny;
view unsurpassed; lot 00x135; beautiful, yard.
$2650— €-room cottage; 2 blocks from U. C.
grounds. Apply S. S. QUACKENBUSH,
agent, opposite First National Bank. .
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
TWO choice well-located lots In Denver, ' Cole.,
cost owner $900 In 18S3, to exchange for lots
or email cottage in San Francisco or Oak-
land; will pay cash difference. PRATT, P.
O. box <5. Fruitvale. Cal. • ¦- .
HILL VALLEV REAL ESTATE. ¦
FOR sale— Lots, houses and lots or acreage in
beautiful Mill Valley. Apply S. H. ROBERTS
real estate and insurance. Mill Valley, Cal. '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND STORES TO LET. -
DENTISTS and physicians, .attentlon-^Com-
m odious offices to let; best location; electric
elevator service. Abrahamson . building, cor.
Thirteenth and Washington' gts.. Oakland.
. OAKLAND ROOMS A\O BOARD.
TOURISTS, go to the . Arlington Hotel; large
sunny roomsj table unexcelled; central; 9th- &
Washington. Oakland.- M. W. WILLIS. Prop.
¦<2s M * j*adB^BS^BSHEMMt.~'
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'di Local
Daily. Paily> Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a .......
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
•• Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a .....\
" BksHeld 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ......
" Kan City ........ 2:41a 7:30 a ..'.....
*' Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p ...
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited
Carrying. Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car r«a»
to Bakersfielcl for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily
3:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palaca
Sleeper, which, cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m 'daily
7:20 a. m. la Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily
Offices— 641 Market " street and !n Ferry
Depot San Francisco; 1112 Broadway
Oakland. - . . .. . - ¦ ..."
II ¦ lust a lilUe better N 5
-.' than anjf Other train E
—a little better service- B
a more hometik* 0
feeling en the fTj
1 GAUFORNIA
LIMITED -
1 than you find elsewhere, a
8 and it runs like this |
I LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO |
§ 9 an Mon Tues W»d Thur Fri Sat Sun |
I ARRIVES CHICAGO R
y 2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Mon Tues Wed 5
I . 75 HOURS TO CHICAGO U
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.'
Trains !•»«• start »r* du« to arrlt* at
> WAN riUNdlNCO.
} (Main Una. Foot of Market Streak)
LEATi — Frou April 23. 1301. — abriti
7i30a Benida, Sulsun, Elmln. Vacafille,
Bnmsey ajui 3»cr&raento 7i33r
7:3oa DitU. Woodland. Kni«ht» Landing.
Marjrsiille. Oroilllw.. 7>S-1r
?<30a Atlantic Kxpress— Ogdeu and Eut 13:23r
SiO« a JI artinei, Sau lUtnnn, Vallejo. Napa,
Caliatnga and Smita Tlosa 0:23>
' 8:00a LlTermore, Stockton, Ha&ford, Vita-
li». Fortenllle 4iS3»
• SsOOa Kiln. .Lathrop, Merced. Fresno, Ba-
kersneld 4tS3r
8:30a Shasta Express— Daris, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows, Bad
Bluff, Portland. 7:53*
" Ii8Oa Sun Joie, Utermora, .Htncktoii.
lone, Saerauieuto, Plaeerrille,
' -¦ il.irj.x.111-. Chico. ltml Bluff 4iZ3r
S:30« Oakdale, Chinese (Yosemite). 80-
nora, Carters 4:25?
SiOOa Hajwards. Nilis and Wai Stations. I 1«53a
»:OO a Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy. Latlirop. Mtooktou. Merced
.:• Freauo and Los Angeles .......... 7i-1.Ua
9:3«a Tallrju. Martinez ami Way Stations Bi»3p
1 U:O 0 a Tha O?erlaiid Llmited-Ogden, Deo.
twt, Ouiaha. Chicago 8i33p
fliOOp Sacramento Hlter Htenniem fStOOA.
3:3«p Haywardu, Mlra ami Way .Stations. 7i33r
BiSur Port Costa. Martinez Lathrop. Met*
ced ; Beretid* (Yosemi'e), Fresno.. 7:23r
4iOOr Benicia. Winters, Hacramento,
Woodland, Kniuhts Lauding,
. .; •-¦'.¦"¦ M«r»stl!le, Ororllle 1O:»3a
4iOOp Martinez. Mau lUmoii. Vallejo,
N»|ml. t.'alUtoiia. Santa Itora >>.a.TU
4 rOOr Nile?, LlTermore, Stockton. I.o«l 1 ... 1»:53a
4i»ur Hi jwaids. Mien Ha» Jose, Lift noore f*:.T5A
5;00p Tim Owl Limited-Tracy, Stockton,
t'reauo, Bakerslleld, 8augns lor
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles 8 :33 4
. BiOOp Bajrwarda. Miles and Sau Jusa...... 7:3.1*
fttiOHr Vallejo... I 1:35*
UiOOr Oriental Mail— Ogtlcn, Cheyenne.
Otnaha, Chicago I2:S.1p
8:00p Oriental .Mail— Ogden, Denter,
Omana, Chicago 4:23r
7:OOr Oreuuu and California l5x|>r»a*.Nao-
rmnentii. Marynvlllr. Ki-MIiik,
I'oi Uiin.l, 1'ngek Houn.l ami Kast Si-ISa
SiOSrSan Pablo, Furt (,'oata, Martinez
and Way SUtions 11:55*
t»»Q5p Vallrjo ?»5*f
COAST LINK (Narrow Uange).
(Foot of Market 3treet.»
¦ J7 1 ••! a Santa Cruz Excursion to tianta Cruz
and Princ pal Way Stations ?S:0-">7
Ssl3ANeirark.t;eiiterv!lle.Ma»Jt>st9.-PMt»i>,
UoiilderCrtek.KaiitaX'riucaudWaj
8tatlona 3:3»#
t^il Tir Newark, Cont.emlle, San Jose, New
¦ • •¦ • i • Alnnideii, Fuiton, llouidar Creek, .
Santa Ctaz and l'rincipal Way
Stations tlOiJillA
4tl3r Newark. Han Jose. Los Citou { .,*o^!',*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSlN NUKUISCO— Tn\ *f Market Strut (Slip 8)—
T7:1S 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:33 8:lSr.M.
fromOlUASD— Nol«ri»r<i«il*»j.— tiMiQ t<l:OO 13:09
. 10:OQ».M. 12:03 2:C3 i:S3r.M.
COAST LINE (Hrnarf Una ft);
(Tblril and Townseml Sta.)
<l:l»A South nan Kranciacn. F.iio Al'.o.... ttsHOr
16: 13v Hau Jose ami Wity Station* %.:i»r
t7:«*>A Sunday Excursion for Baa Jcte,
PanU Cruz. Pacific Gioto and
.Principal Way Stations {8:30?
7:30a, Coast Line Limited. San Jose. Gilror.
8»Iinas, Paso ltcbks. 8-n Luis
' •" ObUpo, Lonipoc. Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles 10s33»
ViOOAHau .lose. Tres I'lnos. Hanta i't»r.,
INcilic ()ro«e. calln»» San Loll
Obispo and Princival IntenuedUta
.su> > — ... 4«ie»
. IOiTIOa San Jcse and Way Stations 7>3nr
/l»:Si»A New Almadeii. >. / S:3»r
I liUOx Him .lose ami Way .Stations .'. Z'ilVr
* 12:l5p,Saii Mateo. Uedwooil. Menlo Park. .
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Han .li.ua.
. " Tres Finos. Santa Cruz. Salinas, >
Monterey and 1'acillc Grove f 10:13 A
Si 30 r San Jose and Way Stations 6:3»a
H:1Sp Ss,u Joseand Principal Way Stations 9:i*k
t5:0Op San Joae, Los Gatoa and Principal -
. . Way Stations t»:»<>A
. Sisnp San.If>B«»uii Principal Way Stations S;3VA>
6il3r New Orleans Excreta, Ban Jose,
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles, DMn-
ing-. El Paso, New Orleans and East 7:10*
¦ CtlSr Del Monte, Monterey, Padfic Grore,
Loapoo IO»33f
n-.llltr Sail. lost and Way Stations t*:«»»*
qll:4BpSan Jose and Way SUtions 7t»T
: A for Morning. : P for Afternoon.
! fHnndayexcepted. ; J Snnday only.
- i Saturday only, J Tue»Uvs and Fridaji.
CALLFORHIi RORTflWESTERH RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
railway company.
Tlburon .Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-i^O. 9:00, U:M a. m.: 13:35, 3:30,
6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p.m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:90. 3:30,
6:00, 8:20 p. m.
Sam Rafael %• Saw Fraaelae^
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:60. »:20. U:10 a. m.; 12:4$.
1:40, 8:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:53
and 8:35 p. m. "' _
StINDAYS— 8.10, 9:<0. U:10 a. m.; VAO. »:».
1 1:05. 8:25 p. xn. • .
Between San Francisco and Schuetten Fark.
same ' schedule as above. j ¦
Leave J In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [April 15. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I "Week
Days... ( days, {Destination.! days..! Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 8:05 pm 10:15 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7i3S pm 8:C pm
• • ' Fulton.
7:30 am "Windsor, 10:23 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
| Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 ami Cloverdale. 7:35 pm| 1:22 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I 110:25 ami
3:30 pm| 8:00 am] and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm[ 6:23 pm
7ib0aml '¦ *~ 10:25 am
. I 8:00 am Ousrnevllle. 7:35 pin
3:30 pm] _. 8:22 pm
7:30 am S:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
... | : and - • ¦
' 5:io pm 6:00 pm) Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm 6:22 pm
7-30 ami 3:00 am! - 110:40 am 110:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 pm[ gebaatopol. I 7:35 pm|0:22 pm
Btag^s connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West' Sprints and White Sulphur SDrinsrs; at
Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for
Skaggs Springs ; at Cloverdale for the Gey-
sers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs, High-
land Sprlnes, Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs.
Soda' Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Ilkiah for Vichy Sprlnys. Saratoga Springs.
' Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Llerley's. Buckr.ell's. . Sanhedrin
Ileighta. Hullville.Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno
City, Fcrt Eragg. Westport. Usal. Will «ts.
Laytonvllle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. lUjr'.a,
Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all polats
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlce. 850 Market St.. Chronicle build-
ing. R. X. RYA.N.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt.
General Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
. Via Sansalito Ferry— Foot of Market St.
tV. SAN FRAN. ' AM. S*M PRAM.
9:15 a.m.") xrvinr dito (3:00 p. if.
1:43 p. icj- WEEK DAYS J t:^ rUm
4:fK>p. m.) Stay over night at theTAVEax (,10:35 a.m.
8«0a.M.) j. ;;--,-.- -- I l:0Op.Jt
10rf» a. It. i cr\-T) «r<) " -'¦- J 3^° '• »•
11:20a. x. \ .SU>DAYS i p M
1:15p.m.) I 5:55 p.m.
. - Fare. San Francises to Summit and Refers. $1.40.
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. <t sausaiito Ferrr.
Weekly Call S1.00 uerYeap
aDr, Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEAB5T ST. Established
in 1S5-1 for the treatment of l'rirnt«
Diseases, IXMt Manbood. Debility or
disease wearingon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. TheDoctorcureswIien
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Cure* guaranteed. Call or write.
Qr. JT. l\ VIBBO.V, Sau Francisco, Cal. '
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September- 30, 1900
FROM 6AN FR^XC^ C C^TO A |nLL VALLEY
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, *9:15.. 11:00 a. m.. »1:45
3-15, 4:00. 6:15. •Szl&.-tM v. m.
EXTRA .TRIPS— For- Mill -Valley and San
Rafael " on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-»8:00. »10:00, «ll:30 a. m.. 1:15,
8:15 '•4:43. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) " run to San Quentln.
PROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:20. • '6:30. 7:45. 9:30 a? m!
*12-30 1:45, *3:30, 4:30. 5:20 p.m. ...
EXTRA - TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20. •8:00. 10:00, *U:45 a. m.
•1-4Q '2:1s, .4:45, »S:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
VROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:45; «:45. 7:55. 9:30" a. Di."
12-3S, 2:10. 3:30, 4:54. 5:20 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-78:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:05, 2:15, 3:30
6:00, 8:45 p. in. . - ¦ - ,'
. THROUGH TRAINS. '
6:65 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations... Jj;r-*
¦ 1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and . way
stations. -
8 a. m. Eundafys— Tomales ' and way sta-
tions. .'-'"; -..-.-- '¦•--; . ¦-.¦ ¦ ¦, -
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
ROOMS AXD. BOARD. ,
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Elegant
large sunny rooms, suitable " for family of
adults; excellent table; also single rooms;
beautiful grounds preferences. .. . '
AT, Bummer rates: attractive rooms; special
tab.le; wine dinners. 807 California st.
LEAVEN WORTH, 1409 — Large sunny room,
overlooking harbor; handsome grounds; excel-
lent board; references. ;. • . -
ROOMS and board ; prices . reasonable. 415
First st. - - . ' '
1 — ~^ .—^—~— — — — —— —^ _^
ROOMS WANTED.
1 LARGE '. unfurnished room, $3 . Or $4 per
month.. Box 4047, Call offlce.
. SPECIAL NOTICES. ?
LADIES — Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable; take no other;
¦end 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
• Ladles" In letter by return mail; at drug-
glsts. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlladal.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
41S Montgomery st.. rooms 9-19: tel. E58O.
IjEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES..
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, soM. rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold. ' rented, repaired; needles and
¦shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
offlce. Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-'
pany. 2320 Fillmore »t. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
sjon St.; tel. Mint 1S?1. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
TO LEASE. ~ T ~'
LOVELY HOME.
To lease for a long term to responsible
party, 40 acres of best land, good locality In
Santa Cruz County; only half a mile from
depot; consisting of about 25 acres of best
' wine grapes and balance best fruit: apples,
• cherries, plums, etc. ; lovely cottage, fur-
nished, also horses, carriage, phaeton, etc.;
also fine winery and cooperage for 30,000 gal-
Ion8. Box 3841. Call offlce.
TYPEWRITERS AND- SUPPLIES. .
g^e^t^ba^g^nTTSTtypewriters— we
"sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California: telephone Main 263.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
EXTENSION of protest— Captain JOH. BEN-
, EKE, master of .the German* bark Willy
Rickmers, will extend his protest on Friday,
April 26, 1901, at 10 o'clock a. m., at the of-
*- flee of the Imperial German Consulate In this
city, 318 Sacramento St. O. LOHAN, Imperial
German Vice Consul. •
San Francisco. April 23. 1901.
PROPOSALS. ' . - :.
PROPOSALS FOR DRAYAGE— General Depot
of the Quartermaster's Department, „. San
Francisco, Cal., April 22, 1901— Sealed propo- ,
sals for the hauling of military stores and
supplleB in and about the city of San Fran- ,
Cisco, Cal., |or the fiscal year commencing
July 1,. 1901, (will be received at this offlce
until 11 o'clock a. m., on Thursday, the 23d
day of May, 1901, and then opened. The
Government reserves the right to reject any
or all proposals. All necessary information
i will be furnished on application to this of-
fice. Envelopes containing proposals should
be Indorsed "Proposals for Drayage 1 ' and
addressed to OSCAR F. LONG, Major and
Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot Quar-
: termaster. . • \
U. S. ENGINEER'S Offlce, Flood building,
San Francisco, Cal., April 22, 1901— Sealed
proposals for dredging entrance to Pearl
Harbor, Island of Oahu. Hawaiian Islands,
will be received here- until 12 noon, June
24. 1901. Information on application. W. H.
HEUER. Lieut. Col., Engineers.-
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Edwin E.' Stoddard. 36. 2116 Bush street, and
Charlotte A. Colllson, 28. 794 Clayton street.
Gustav Fauss, 27. 3342 Twenty-sixth street,
and Annie G. Fay, 23, 2900 Sixteenth street. -
John E. . Strader, 24, 324 Turk and
Wlnona P. Charles, 20, 30 Rincon place. •
Nephtalle L.' Levy, 46, city, and Rebecca
Kosmann, 38, city. ;
Georse W. Richardson; 28, 4011 Twenty-
fourth street, and Grace A. Glidden,- 23, 2712
Webster street. ., •• ¦ ' - *' .:¦¦¦ .-
. Soren C. Sorensen. 23; 1130 Howard street,
and Annie M. Sweeney, ID, B% Freelon street.
John Caldweli, 30. 957 Folsom street, and
Florence Woolnough, 24, 61 Clara street.
Perclval- 8. Scales, 27, -Pahala -Kau, -Hawaii,
and Alberta L. McGalliard, 23, Donaldsonville,
Louisiana.
John W. Wilkinson, 28, 4 School place, and
Annie M. Egan, 18, Colma,
Albert E. Waring. : 31, 111 Eleventh street,
and Mary Et McGinerty, .18, 335 Fourth street.-
John Stein, 24, 207V4 Steiner street, and Lou-
isa Steffan, 23. 207& Steiner street.
Edmond J. Casey. 30, 1134 Union street, and
Johanna Mullane, 27, 131 Wlldey avenue.;
. Walter E. Hall. 27, 1322 Waller, street, and
Carrie Dickinson. 26, 660 Gearv street.
William Pickett.' 46, 1261 Clay street, and
Josephine M. Hayes, 35, 1261 Clay street.
Samuel D. North, 23, Oakland, and Gertrude
Faber, 20, 777 Guerrero street. . : -
William H: Forrest. 25, 496 Fell street, and
Marguerite Coll, 23. 35B Morris avenue.
Michael Savannah. ' 32, 606 Fell . street, an!
Pauline Goldstone, ¦ 24. 1427 Bush street. .
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. .
BORN..
DERBY— In this city, April 23, 1901, to the
wife of John J. : Derby, twin daughters.
HEALY— In this city, April 11, 1901, to the
wife of Robert F. Healy, a son.
SANDERS— In this city, April 15, 1901, to the
wife ot Davis G. Sanders of Reno, Nev.. a
son. '
MARRIED.
JOHNS6N— HEARN— In this city, by the Rev.
William C. Pond, O. Winslow -Johnson ar.d
Helena E. Hearn, both of San Francisco.
SCHEEL— FRIELE— In this city, April 20,
1901, by the Rev. O. • Groensberg, Julius S.
Scheel and Nordallne F. Friele. j
DIED. *
Abbott, Henry Kelly, Wiljlam
Asherson. Maurice E. Kerr, Andrew
Citron, Harry Law, Frank H. .
Cody, ¦ May - ' Lunsmann, Dorethea
Cook, Dorethea M. Lyons, Mary F. ,
De Laguna, Herman McKee. Ann
Deuwel, Joseph -'Pall,' Mary A.
Dixon. William J. Pollard. James P.
Donovan. Robert E. Porter, Mary
Feller, Augusta . Rlchter. Reinhold H.
Gorman, Simon Scott, William
GulnaESo, Francesco ¦ Simpson, George F.
Hand. George W. Smith, Theodore -B.
Haseltine, R. E v Winter, W. H.
Hlestand, Mary • Yeomans, George M.
ABBOTT— In Alameda, April 24, 1901, -Henry
Abbott, beloved husband of Annie L. Abbott,
a native of. New Hampshire, aged 63 years.
(Conway, N. H., and Anderson, Shasta
County, papers please copy.)
•' icy Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 10 o'clock, at the
: residence, 436 Central . avenue. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. ¦ ¦ \ , •
ASHERSON— In this city, April 24, 1301, Mau-
rice E. Asherson, beloved son of Susanna
and the late Emil Asherson, and b -other of
Esther Asherson, a native . of , San Fran-
- Cisco, aged 29 years 8 months and 4 days.'
CT Friends and acauairttances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from tin residence
of his mother, 1830 Sutter street, between Bu-
chanan and Webster, and thence by 3:30
o'clock train to New Salem Cemetery for in-
terment. • •-¦¦; >'¦'¦ -
CITRON— In this city, April 23, 1901, Harry
Citron, beloved son of Ernstine Citron , and
the late Abraham Citron, and brother of
Julia and Jessie Citron,, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 18 years 2 months and 23 days.
E^Friends and acquaintances •¦ are "respect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral this I day*
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen & Co.,. 228 . McAllister
street. Interment New Salem Cemetery 1 . * by
train leaving Third and Townsend' streets at
.11:30 o'clock." ' -..-. f.-r
CODY— In this city, April 23, 1901, May, be-
loved daughter of John and 'the late Cath-
erine Cody, sister of Kitty Cody, and niece
of Mrs. K. Welch, a native of San . Fran-
cisco, aged '9 years 7 months and 27 days.
(Cy Friends and acauaintances are respect--
fully invited to attend | the funeral .this . day
• (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1136 Alabama street, near T/hrenty-
fourth. thence to St. Peter's Church,' where
- services will be held. Interment Holy . Cross
Cemetery. ¦ •¦':•.-
COOK— In Berkeley, April 23, 1901. Dorethea
liENRY J; GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. ¦>¦ ~V<
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st.." opposite -Lincoln School.
¦ v ' Telephone South 80. .-
Eugene McGinn, . •_ . McGINN BROS ¦
Funeral Directors and ' Embalmers. v
SI EDDY STREET. - . '
Telephone South 252. , ..; San Francisco. * I
¦ No Connection With Any Other House. l ]
. Mickelson Cook, a native of Germany, aged
62 years. . \- - . • • . ¦ ¦ ¦ •¦¦¦•'
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
, (Friday), - at 2 ¦ o'clock, from her : late resl-
- dence. HoDkins . street, between California
, and • Grant streets. . Peralta Park. - Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. • . •
DE LAGUNA-In Oakland, April 24, 1901, Her-
man de Laguna, son of A. de Laguna, a na-
tive of 'San . Francisco, aged ; 33 years S
"months and u days. '
DEUWEL— In this city. April 23, 1901, Joseph
Deuwel, beloved husband of Louisa Deuwel,
and lather of 'Joseph and Lulu Deuwel, Gus
Poullaln, Mrs-. J. Lang. Mrs. H. Petit and
Mrs.. J. Bertrand, a native of France, aged
SO years 8 months and 4 days.
' ' C7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late -resi-
dence. 430 Greenwich street, thence to the
French Church of Notre Dame des Victolres.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦ * ;
DIXON— In the City and County S Hospital.
April 23, 1901, William J. Dtxon, a native of
New York, aged 62 years.
DONOVAN— In this city, April 23. 1901, Robert
Emmett, beloved son of John and Annie
Donovan, and brother of Charles, Thomas,
Mary, John, Nellie, Gertie, Rosle and Annie
Donovan, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
years 2 months and 13 days, j
EyFriends and acauaintances are regpect-
. fully invited to attend tha funeral to-morrow
-. (Friday), at ' 10 o'clock, from his late-resi-
dence, 1703 Kearny street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FELLER— In this city, April 24, 1901, Augusta
Feller, beloved wife of Samuel Feller, and
mother of Otto, Louise and Celestlne Feller,
. a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 27 years
8 months and 2 days. - •
GORMAN— In this city, April 24, 1901. Simon
Gorman, husband of the late Francois Gor-
man, a native of Ireland, aged 67 years. ¦
EXFrlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. '
GUINASSO— In this city, April 24, 1901. Fran-
cesco T., dearly beloved husband of the late
Maria Gutnasso, and father of David J. and
of the late Fred and Julian Gulnasso, a na-
tive of Italy, aged 66 years 1 month and 10
days. - . .
C7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral will take place
• Saturday. April 27, at 1:30 o'clock, from
his late residence, 617 Green street, thence to
New Italian Cemetery for interment. N. B.—
1 A solemn requiem high mass vf ill be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 "o'clock, at Sts. Peter and Paul's
-Italian Church, corner Dupont and Filbert
street*. . . ~ • .
HAND— In this city, April 23, 1901. George W.,
beloved husband of Martha Hand, and father
of Mrs. E, J. Baldwin and the late Pierson
Hand, and brother of Mrs. S. A. /Berry, a
native of New Jersey, aged 1 66 years 1 montb
and 6 days.
• |£y:Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1238 Bush street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. ¦ '
HASELTINE— In this city, April 23, 1901. R.
E., beloved husband of Jennie Haseltine, a
..native of St. Charles, 111., aged 64 years 4
months and 12 days. A member of Golden
Gate Lodge No. 8, A. O. U. W.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited. to attend the funeral this day
. (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 400V6 Sixth street. 'Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car .from
Sixth and Harrison streets. . ,*
HIESTAND-In this city, April 23, 1901. at the
King's Daughter's Home, Maj-y Hiestandi
beloved mother of Mrs. Mary Fletcher, and
grandmother of Effle and E. R. Fletcher, a
native cf Scotland, aged 69 years 11 months
and 23 days. (Sierra County papers please
copy.) - . •••... - ¦ . . • ¦
"i tyFTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from Mlzpah Pres-
byterian Church, Harrison street, near Fifth.
Remains, at the parlors of Halsted & Co.,
046 Mission street. . -.
KELLY— In this city, April 23, 1901, William
Kelly, aged . 32 years. - : ,
CTFriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Metzler's par-
lors, 6S6 Washington street, under the aus-
pices of the Hoisting Engineers' Union No.
59. Interment Laurel Hill, Cemetery.
KERR-In this city, April 24, 1901, Andrew,
i beloved husband of Elizabeth Kerr. father of
Margaret Alice Kerr. . and brother of Earl
Kerr and'Mrs. William J. Hamilton of Santa
Cruz, a native of Tyrone, Ireland, ajred 70
years. : ' . " . .' .
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
• Company, • 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-
flrst. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LAW-In this city. April -, 1901, Frank .H.
Law, husband of Mary Law, and father of
George and May Law, a native of England,
aged 50 years 1 month and 3 days.
tcyFrJends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlora
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel
: Hill Cemetery. • , . , -. "
LUNSMANN— In this clty, : April 24, 1901, Dore-
thea A. M., dearly beloved daughter of J. F.
and Gerhardine Lunsmann, and sister of
Herman, Fritz, Gerhardine and Lucy Luns-
mann, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years 8 months and 24 days.., .. ¦
ETThe funeral services will be held"
this day (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, atthet
residence of her parents, 1018 Folsom street,
near Sixth. Interment private. Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery. '- - . - ' . .._ '.-
LYONS— In this city, April 23, 1901, Mary F-
Lyons, beloved mother of George F. and the
" late Peter E. Kelly, a native of Ireland, aged
55 years. (New York papers please copy.)
(t? Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 32* Fell street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner of Fell and Fillmore
streets,' where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery- . ¦>. • ' ¦ : ' " •-' -
McKEE— In this city, April- 22, 1901, Ann,
dearly beloved wlfey of the late Alexander
McKee, and mother of James, Archie, Alex
and Thomas McKee, Mrs. K. Frawley, Mrs.
W. Hughs, Mrs. J. J. Loebblng and the late
David and William McKee, a native of Bur-
ris Leigh, County Tlpperary, Ireland, , aged
74 years 11 months arid 22 days. .
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, this .day
¦ (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, 329 Prospect avenue,
off Cortland, thence to St. Paul's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. " \
PALL—In this city, April 24,. 1901, Mary A..
beloved wife of the late Frank Pall,- mother
' . of Frank and ¦ Raymond Pall, daughter of
the late Hugh and Alice Doyle, and sister of
I Mrs. Margaret Green, Mrs. . Regina Sweeney
and Ester and John Doyle, a native of San
Francisco, aged SO years 3 months and 29
dogs. ¦' ¦ .
POLLARD— In this city, April 23, 1901, James
P., dearly beloved husband of S. L. Pollard,
1 and father of James P. Jr. and Bella Pol-
' lard, a native of Manchester, England, aged
6S years.
IC7"Friendsand acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:80 o'clock, from his , la.te
residence, 646 Laguna street, thence | to St.
Ignatius Church, Hayes street, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. ¦ Intermenf Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PORTER— In this city. April 24. 1901, Mary,
beloved wife of R. H. Porter, and mother of
Annie E., Hudson P., Lowry C. and. Blanche
Porter, a native of Wheeling, West Va., aged
62 years 5 months and 13 days. (Plttsburg
papers please copy.) .• ...
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday),' at 1:30 o'ejock, from her late resl-
. dence, 16 Dearborn street. Interment Cypress
' -Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. .
RICHTER— In this city, ~April 23, 1901, "Rein-
hold H., beloved son of' Louise and the late
Captain 1 Relnhold Rlchter, ... and brother of
Emma, Louise and Marguerite Richter, a
native of San Francisco, aged 14 years 1
month and 6 days. •
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from. the family resi-
dence, corner Third avenue and California
street south, Richmond district.- -
SCOTT— In this city, April 23, 1901, William,,
dearly beloved father of James W. Scott, a
native j of ¦ County Cork, Ireland, atred 67
I years. ' ¦ ' '
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his son, 1 418 Grove street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, corner Fillmore and
Fell streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated ¦ for the repose of his
¦ soul, commencing • at 10 o'clock. 1 Interment
' Holy Cross . Cemetery. ) " ...
SIMPSON— Ip this city, April 24, 1901, George
•Frankland, beloved second son of the late
'George P. " and :' Cassie - Stevens Simpson,
brother of Gertrude and Ernest Simpson, and
nephew of Mr. and Mrs. Andrew McNair and
Walter Meclndoe. a native of Canada, aged
.19 years 6 months and 15 days.
SMITH— In this- city, April 23, 1901, Theodore
E. Smith, beloved husband of Lucilla Bates
Smith, a native of Connecticut, aged 66 years
2 months and 12 days.
Ity services will- take place to-morrow (Frl-
v day), at. 12:45 o'clock, at St.. Luke's Episco-
"{ val ¦ Church, Van • Ness avenue and . Clay
' street, thence to the Masonic Temple, corner
Post and Montgomery streets,'.- where services
will be held under th<i auspices of Excelsior
Lodge No.: 166. F. and A. M. Interment Ma-
. sonic Cemetery. .
WINTER— In Oakland, April 24, -1801. ¦¦W.- H.
' Winter, beloved . husband of Ella; Winter,
¦father of Arthur, Gertrude, and Herbert Win-
ter," son of A. L. Winter, and ¦ brother of
Mrs.' W.'E. Howe, of Grand Rapids," Mich.,
• and Mrs. J. L. .Whissen of Oakland, a na-
. .tlve of Michigan,. aged 40 years and 4 months.
YEOMANS^In the City and County Hospital,
April" 23, • 1901. 'George M. Yeomans, a native
- of Ncw-Tork. --aged. 60 years. ;: ' • ¦¦
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. j
WANTED— Second-hand lady's English side-
saddle In gooil condition; state price. Box
*m. Call office.
WILL exchange violin for typewriter. Box
4012. Call office. __^^
TII.TOX wants coed Reecnd-hand clothing ar.1
th. r.trif-nl coeds. 154 Ninth: t»»l. Folsom 252?.
RWNBV TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afTord to pay en furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
" their friendship: do business with «ranger»
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 8 and 10, 806 Market st.
IF YOUR PP.oFeRTY ~ ~
IS MORTGAGED
«nd you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
CSO Market ft. Loans en estates In probate.
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc
ANY r>ror*CEltion. any amount: 6 per cent; first.
second mo*rtf?ages. eEtates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgraces and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%: firtt, 2d and 3d tnort-
paEes, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; morteages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
vhcre. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. S.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rate*. Raldwln Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St.
J'CO.OCO AT 6 per cent in sums to suit in city,
HJO.000 on large ranches at fair rates; second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER it. SON. 412 Pine.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private,
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tial. Room 8. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
<:uick: lowest interest: easy terms ; no brotoer-
ege: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 6S.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, 6llver, diamonds.
2% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy at.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOrSLEY CO.. 221 Parrott building.
LOAN'S. 1»t or 2d mtgs: city, country, 6%, undi-
vlded lnte.; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
LOANS en salaries without lndorser or eecur-
ity: Kagtem clan. Pearson. 309 Phelan bldg.
fJOO.OOO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
florger. S. F. recount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL INSTUU3IENTS.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella *6E 1 Gabler $134
1 Heine baby grand 2 Chickerlngs <like
Hike now) $325 new) $200
1 Fi?rl;er $lli> 2 Heines $315 up
. 1 Steinway $185 1 Hallet Davis $466
And fifty others; rent3 $2 up allowed on pur-
r-hase. We hendle all makes. Agents for
pome of the oldest and most famous pianos
Jn existence, including Hallet Davis, In-
dorsed by all the greatest masters; over 60,-
000 in use in most exclusive homes In Amer-
ir*. HEINE PIANO COMPANY<*217 Geary.
ALT., r > ia Tlos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
A- CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time T\ithin
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
jr. per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway d'eai?rs, corner Kearny and Eutter
pts.. Fan Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth ft.. Oakland.
.ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
«-eet of Chicago ls KCHLER & CHASE'S. 2«.
IS and SO O'Farrell et.; pianos, organs and
ell other musical Instruments of all grades
cn3 prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
•v.r.p possible done to please and satisfy the
curtomer.
A CHANCE to buy a good thing lor lees than
it is worth is always desirable. We have lots
of such chances Just now for any one wanting
a pood piano cheap. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
7fi9 Market Ft.
t PIANO cnaps— $80. $76, SSO. $125, $130; easy
payments; also Apollo slightly used, a bar-
pain. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 OTarrell
ft., Checkering agency.
RKCEPTION week at Byron M&uzy*s piano
warerooms and factory: concerts dally; vis-
itors" welcome; no charge. 308 Post st.
IS PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CT'P.TAZ PIANO CO.. ECO Hayes et.
5117— MAHCGAXY cast Fischer upright-' 217
Geary st.. room SS.
A SMALL Chtckering upright, J125; 6 uprights,
second -handed; your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
OENTLKMAX Koine East must sacrifice hand-
some 3-pedal upright piano. 618 Eddy st.
J43 UPRIGHT. $123 Knabe, $135 Btetflway &
Sens, at FAY'S piano factory. .1729 Mission.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market St., you
ran ret Etorace pianos almost for a song.
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week; Etelnway,
Krabe and others. BRUENN, 208 Post st
±31GGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
nearly new: must be Fold. 301 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Bteck, Hartman, Con-
cver nnd others. Wiley B. Allen Co., 814 Post. ,
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap; brilliant,
tones. HORNUfJG. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S, 933 Market 6t-. 4 elegant up-
rig-hts at your own price. Ehonlnger agency.
ECF&RXOR violins, risers, old and new. H.
MTTLLKR. maker, repairer. 1 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
A-^irAiAA^rEiCriS^Sra^new~tMi roomy
plate-class window; low rent. J
OIL. ~~
WHY do we «ell so much of our S-cent oil
Ftork? Because it is reliable and offers extra-
ordinary chances for quick and sure profit;
rerd for prospectus or. better still, «ee us;
• pen evenings. PACIFIC STATES MINING
•*"*• INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post et.; estab-
lished 1SS3.
HKRE'S your chance! 440 acres oil land In
..lomerey County; will give any Individual
or company splendid layout to bore; oil all
around tnis property; deal with owners of
Innfl direct. Address P. L. HENDERSON
Clay-M. wharf. '
TO ., e ? t l! !ch <l ufck a n<J easy, buy undeveloped
«11 land* in the heart of Coalinga district:
cnly $1 IS per acre to-day; perhaps $10 000
£'A h 'r n il £uTldlng AraeriCan E *P lor * tlon C °"
T L E » W ,' 3 JHpMAS CO.-Oil Lands In the
**st district*: Investigate: Fearless Oil and
TV liter Co.; a good Investment: water trans-
portatlon. 409 Examiner big.. 4G4 9th. Oakland.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country Correspondence Solicited.
OIL tanks. f=er"nd-hand. in rood rrder: all
OIL LANDS.
Oily lands for sale or lease in all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands In the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wl«h to invest In storks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
9-WI AOI?r:8 oil lnni In various counties for
*»>«» «?>* r»l» rtopivpnv. R« f!., n . „»_ r s
PAIXTKRS AXD DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window rhades: rooms papered.
?s up. Jensen & Bath. Sftg Sixth; open even.
TALMISTRY. ~
11. JEROME FOSSELLI. nclectlflc palmist. 615
Tavlnr *t.. bet. G«irv iind Pout: tel. Riark 561.
l'ATE\TS AXD I'EXSIOXS.
Al'VlCE *re»: no charge unless -eucceesfnL
orr» m r- 1 wnvi.T. T/»Trr»r. Fyamlner blr.
I'ERSOXALS.
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
which will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red, and bionde hair a rich golden.
In irom four to twelve hours, according to
Fhade required. DR. FRANCIS C. SHER-
MAN. «0C Sutter Et. .
DRESS up— You'll find a complete stock of
pints 1 furnishing goods at SMITHS' CASH
STORE. 27 Market st.; Rlot-es. 25c up; under-
wear, i'jc up; dress shirts, 50c up; you can
cave money; all new spring styles.
ALASKA outfits at right prices; things to eat
or wear— not one thing, but everything; save
money nnd get the right things at SMITHS'
CASH STORE. 23 and 27 Market st-
I GAINED 5 pounds in 3 months by eating
SMITHS' French mixed candy; it's pure,
that's sure; SOc pound at 25 Market St.; worth
double. *
>¦ S? your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4S8 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy ls posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; •¦?.!; or send for circular.
-'KIGHUOn WILLIAMS— I go for lunch every
cay to Home Dining 'Room. 27 Market St.,
sixth floor; excellent service; excellent home-
cxKtked food; right jirlce.
.WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. S2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1S10-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway. •
EAHWAY TSAVEL
|eH/CAGO' I
I" LESS than
THREE DAYS
San Francheo At 10 A. M.
Chicago, Union Pacific
& North~tVestern Line
f\OLTBLB Drawmg-T^oom Sleeping
#. J Cars, Btfffet, Smoking and Library
•*— *^ Cars, with barfcr. Dining Cars-—
meals ate carte. *D*ib> ! Tourist Car
Service . and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions every week from San Francisco
at 6 p. m. The best of everything.
R. R. RITCHIE .
617 Market St. General Agent Pacific Coast
Jtotace Bottl BAX rXAJTCZSCOFAMOUS SOUBRETTE WHO IS
VISITING SCENES OF FORMER
STAGE TRIUMPHS.
Ex-Jockey. Moody^ Sentenced.
Albert Moody, the ex- jockey, who was
convicted by a jury. in- Judge Cook's ' court^.
Tuesday on a; charge of assault with a
deadly weapon on Mrs. Lulu, St. D. Roy
lance on July 4 last, appeared for sentence
yesterday morning. He also '* pleaded -
R-uilty to a- similar' charge; for shooting ;
Harold , S. Adams at the same .. time. , The ¦
Judge sentenced him to two; years in the,
County Jail on the first charge and one
year on the second, making' three; years.
altogether. -.- •-."..- ¦ "i
. . .--¦¦.'¦
Fong WaDue, a Chinese lad 11 years
old, was remanded, yesterday by United
States Court Commissioner Heacock. and
his deportation will be recommended.
Due alleged that he was- born in Vallejo
and that he was taken to China at the
age of 4 years by his parents. On his re
turn he was denied a landing, it appear
ing that the photograph on his Identifica
tion paper. wa3 r.ot that of the applicant.
Several white persons ,who had been
well! acquainted with the. boy in .Vallejo
testified that- the applicant- was not the
original Fong .Wa Due. -
Had Been Substituted for the
Genuine Boy.
Evidence Shows That the Applicant
FONG WA BTJE MUST
BETTJBN TO CHINA
I will start. the, great Clothing Sale and
will sell men's clay worsted and cheviot
suits, various: colors, worth" $15 to $20, for
only $4.65.;. Also spring overcoats, worth
$15, for the same price, J4.S5. At the As
signee Clothing Sale -of the Boston, 773
Market street, near Fourth. P. C. Kelly,
assignee.;- • •. ' • •
To-Day (Thursday)
DRIVEN FROM HOME AT
POINT OF A EEVOI.VER
,¦..•. »¦-. '^
Mrs. Eugenia A. McGowan Has Her
Husband Arrested for Alleged
Threats to Kill.
Mrs. Eugenia A. McGowan secured a
warrant from Judge Mogan yesterday for
the arrest of her husband, 1 John W. Mc-
Gowan, on the charge of threats against
life. -," .
Mrs. McGowan, who Is a handsome, styl
ishly dressed woman, when telling the
Judge her tale of woe, was visibly agi
tated. She and her husband have been
living at 800 McAllister street. She said
McGowan, who is president of the Rocke
feller Oil Company, with offices at 401 Cali
fornia street, is a drinking man, and when,
in his cups very quarrelsome. Tuesday
night he purchased a revolver and when
he came home he pulled it out oJ his
pocket and threatened to shoot her. She
and the landlady had to flee for their
lives. They .went to the Grand Hotel and
stayed there all night.
Mrs. McGowan said they intended going
back to the house yesterday morning, but
were warned not to do so by a friend,
as McGowan was still holding the fort
and declaring that he just wanted to see
his wife for three minutes. Her husband,
she said, was of a jealous disposition, and
drink made him crazy. The Judge fixed
the bonds in $3000. . .
McGowan was arrested at- the MoAl
lister-street house yesterday afternoon by
Policeman Barry and locked up in the
City Hall station, being later transferred
to the City Prison. The landlady and
Mrs. McGowan at once took possession of
the house. ; ¦:-.;;?¦ ¦ • . . --.-:^r*
Jeung' Juen: Ho, one of the Chinese
slaves caught in the Sullivan alley raid
last Saturday by United States Marshal^
Shine and .posse, was brought before*
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday for examination on the
charge of- being illegally in the United
States. Louis P. Boardman appeared for
the woman and i asked for a continuance,
as he was" not sure that she was his
"client; ¦ > : ; ". : : r K V ¦'
: United States District Attorney Wood
worth strenuously objected. He said that
the woman and her friends had had four
days in which to prepare the case and the
Government did not propose to lose any
time in handling them.
After considerable argument Mr.' Wood
worth announced that he would have the
cases of the seventeen girls called In
Judge Heacock's court at 10 o'clock this
morning, at which , hour they would be
set. • notwithstanding the opposition . of
their counsel. • He said also that he would
take up the case of Jeung Juen Ho this
morning with or without counsel. *
: It is understood that Jeung claims to be
a native ¦ born ¦ Calif ornian. Should such
be the defense she will be required to
prove her nativity. by persons other than
Chinese and of undoubted veracity.
WVER at "in a . pictur
fi \\ esqiie cottage by the sea, Lotta
VI It Crabtree, the famous little actress
star of .bygone: days, is nursing
her aged mother back to .'health.
Lotta's great | faith in > the health-giving
properties of our glorious climate has
brought her back to the State where she
gotiher first start on the road to wealth
and fame. . .
The once famous actress has . left the
stage for good, and has neither desire nor
intention to return to it. Her time and
energies are fully occupied with the care
of her aged mother and. her immense land
interests. Time has dealt more than gent
ly with the little actress. . There are few
WOODWORTH NOT
WASTING TIME
Samuel C. Kelly, a retired miner, 86
years old, died at 11:30 o'clock last Tues
day night from injuries and shock follow
ing an accident thaf occurred about a
month ago.
Mr. Kelly was going up two steps lead-
Ing from one rcom to another at 643 Fol
som street when he fell backward, strik
ing heavily upon his right shoulder. A
physician was called in and administered
the usual remedies, but Mr. Kelly never
rallied.
He was a widower and resided . with
three grown-up, grandchildren in the
house where the accident happened. The
Coroner ¦will hold an inquest. - .
KILLED BY A FALL
DOWN TWO STEPS
Samuel C. Kelly, Retired Miner, 86
Years Old, Victim of an
Accident.
A SOLEMN requiem mass was cele
brated last Monday in St. Pat
rick's Church for the reDose . of
the soul of Sister Mary Lorenzo
O'Malley. Sister O'Mallev, who
died on Low Sunday just at dawn, had
been a member of the order of Our Lady
of Mercy since 18G0. Her life was devoted
u> teaching, she being at different times
connected with St. Joseph's Convent, Sac
ramento; Our Lady of Lourdes' Academy,
East Oakland; Our Lady of Mercy's
School of San Francisco, of which she
was principal for four years, and St.
Peter's School of this city, of which she
was principal for fourteen years.
Rev. P. S. Casey was the celebrant at
the mass. Rev. James M. Donald deacon.
Rev. William Lyons sub-deacon and Rev.
Thomas Larkin master of ceremonies.
The pupils of St. Peter's School sane:
"The Miserere" before the celebration of
the holy sacrifice and after the ceremo
nies they sang "De Profundis."
Rev. P. C. Yorke preached the sermon.
He said in part:
Sisters of Mercy.
While credit must be given to the faithful
Catholic people who have made countless sac
rifices In order that their children might have
the blcFCings of a Christian education, and
while we mast not forget the priests who have
given up much to endow their parishes with
schools, and while we must bear in mind that
the brotherhoods of men have done no mean
part in this important work, we must acknowl
edge that the success of the church In the
United States to-day is the success that God
gave his people at the time the Lord chose
untrt himself ni»w wars and Deborah arose a
mother in Israel. If the battle for Catholic
education has been well and successfully
fought in this country the credit of the vlc-»
tory belongs to women.
I hardly think it is necessary for me to tell
you that one of the most distinguished of the
orders of women in America is that known as
the Sisters of Mercy. Founded in the old coun
try at a time when its ministrations were
In the Divorce Court.
Mary C. Wapple was granted a divorce
from George Wapple yesterday on the
pround of desertion. Suits for divorce
have been filed by Henry P. O'Shaugh
nessr against ¦ Maud O'Shaughnessy for
cruelty. Kellie Stack against H. Stack for
rieserticn and Ida May Brown against W.
J. Brown for cruelty. •
As quickly as possible the engines of the
Piedmont were reversed and a boat low
ered. It' was feveral minutes ¦ before the
resucers reached Galindo and by that time
he had become benumbed and v«as ready to
give up the struggle for life. As soon as
the boat reached the dock he was removed
to the Harbor Hospital and restoratives
administered. . ¦ ..._.>
Henry C. Galindo, a machinist who re
sides at J.319 Twenty-third avenue, East
Oakland, while crossing to this city yes
terday afternoon on the 5 o'clock trip of
the Piedmont bad an exceedingly narrow
escape from drowning-. He was standing
on the lower deck and when the boat was
about opposite Goat Island the wind sud
denly blew his hat from his head. In en
deavoring to prevent it from being carried
into the water Galindo leaned too far over
the rail, lost his balance and tumbled into
the bay. v. -:-;
Machinist, Falls Into the Bay
From the Piedmont;
Henry C. Galindo, an East Oakland
PASSENGER NARROWLY
ESCAPES DROWNING
Sister Mary Lorenzo was one who did her
daily work well, yet she could look above and
beyond it. She saw that as the church Is a
teacher it Is necessary that the church schools
should teach in the best manner possible. It
is not Bhameful to acknowledge that even in
the best systems there may be room for im
provement. There is room for improvement in
our Catholic schools. Sister Mary Lorenzo
realized this truth, and If during the past
decade since the establishment of the Catholic
Teachers' Institute, of which she was the first
president, there has been ¦ a steady upward
movement in Catholic schools, not a little of
the credit belongs to her.
But hardly for that will you remember her
now. Will you not rather keep her in your
minds as the kind friend, the tender mother,
the confidant of your Joys and sorrows? Un
der her gentle hand many of you have grown
up. How often her words have cheered you
and strengthened you on your way. You will
net remember her as she was set to rule over
you, but rather as she lay these last few years
on her -sick bed suffering untold agony, but
prayerful and resigned to God's wilL Her days
of work were ended. The rest was . coming,
but oh! with such suffering; yet her mind was
lifted above all these crosses and her lips were
ever moving in prayer for you ¦who as little
children were in her charge. .
Need I speak to you, dear brethren, and to
you, children, many of whom have experienced
her kindly care, of Sister Mary Lorenzo, who
for fourteen years directed the destinies of this
parish school ? Need 1 tell you 'of her bright
intellect and of her devotion to work?. In the
world, there are always prizes for intellect and
work, ' but God's arm is not shortened and he
can to-day by a word call* the most gifted to
serve him and his little ones and to give to
his church services that money cannot buy.
Services Money Cannot Buy.
fiorely reeded, it has spread through all the
world and has well earned its title by devot
ine itself to the deeds of mercy. I need not
speak to ycu of the work the Sisters of Mercy
have done in this town. Their praise is in
the mouths of all. Whether in the sunshine or
under the cjoud. in good or in evil report, they
have «rone unostentatiously about their work,"
not beeklnsr for human praise, but content to
rest on Him who Beeth in secret and in secret
wlH reward.
Kallam consumed thirteen years in col-
Jecting the materials for his "Literature
of Europe." ... ¦;„-- •x'. .- 4
Music and Speechmak
ing at the Annual
Gathering.
The ladies of the Century Club held their
annual breakfast yesterday afternoon at
the club rooms on Sutter street. The
ladies of the Century have many social
successes to their credit, but none of them
can be said to have equaled the magnifi
cent affair of yesterday.
One hundred and twelve members sat
down to the breakfast. The menu, a most
elaborate one, was served at small round
tables, each accommodating ten guests.
Each table was shaded by a handsome
Japanese umbrella, ' the long handle of
which was completely buried In a bed of
fragrant pink roses.
The breakfast was served at 1 o clock.
The menu was discussed to the pleasant
accompaniment of music and brilliant
conversation. With the black co,ffee came
the tostets, and each lady who responded
earned for herself hearty applause.
Mrs. F. Sanborn acted as toastmistress.
Mrs. J. F. Merrill responded to the toast.
"Women"; Mrs. A: I*. Bancroft responded,
to the "Introduction Committee"; Mrs.
Louis Hengstfer . spoke pleasingly of the
"Business Meeting"; Mrs. Al. Gerberding
told a few things about "Man"; Dr. Doro
thea Moore told about "The Woman Who
Laughs,"- and Mrs. E. O. Wood spoke of
"The Army." ¦ „ . ,
The ladles who had charge of the splen
did affair and to whom all credit
for its success is due are* Mrs. Fred
Hewlett, president of the club: Mrs. J. F.
Swift Mrs. V. K. Maddox, Mrs. Louis
Sloss, Mrs. Florence Moore, Mrs. George
Roe Mrs. Louis Hengstler, Mrs. Edward
Newhall, Mrs. George Cooper, Mrs. Louis
Monteagle, Mrs. Farnsworth, Mrs. J. K.
Wilson, Mrs. Fanny Lent and Miss Spear.
CENTURY CLUB
AT BREAKFA5T
SISTER MARY LORENZO O'MALI.EY, WHO WAS FOR MANY YEARS A
WELL-KNOWN TEACHER IN CONVENT SCHOOLS AND FOR FOUR
TEEN VEARS PRINCIPAL OF ST. PETER'S.
CHRONOLOGICAL
ORDER DOOMED
School Board's New
Rules for Teachers'
Appointment.
Committee of Educators Not
' in Favor of Priority
System.
The Board of Education is preparing to
do away •with the chronological order
heretofore followed in the appointment of
school- teachers in the department.- At
yesterday's meeting the committee' of
prominent educators recently selected' to
formulate a plan for the appointment of
teachers filed its report, which recom
mends the abolition . of the priority
of service method, and. while no i ac
tion was taken thereon it is understood
that the new rules will be adopted by the
board at next Wednesday's meeting. The
committee consists of David Starr Jordan,
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, Thomas J. Kirk,
Klwood Cubberley, Frederick Burk and
Elmer E. Brown. '':.'„'• ¦ ¦ ,-r« J J>
In its report the committee refers to the
fact that it was requested to draw up .a
pian for the election of teachers on the
basis of merit. It says: >
Successful Experience Necessary. ¦
The principles underlying the selection of
teachers demand that no one should be em
ployed as a . teacher who does not possess high
personal character, liberal education and bodily
health and vigor. Successful experience is
manifestly, the best evidence of fitness for ap
pointment. ' Professional training in the prin
ciples and practice of teaching is desirable and
Is increasingly demanded In systems of public
education.
The employment of any \ sort . of personal or
political lntluence to secure appointment to the
teaching force or the urging of any'Considera
tion other than fitness for the work of teaching
as a ground for 'such appointment is held to be
an act of unprofessional conduct.- , .
The reform which you propose ia more sorely
needed than any other in the administration of
public schools. The Inertia of established cus
tom and many private and personal interests
are opposed to the change. We believe, how
ever, that public sentiment will support you in
this movement If you will make It clear that
you are acting upon sound principles and that
you have adopted wine and practicable meas
ures for carrying those principles into effect.'
The chronological order will not be af
fected in so far as the teachers at present
employed in the department are con
cerned. The rules of procedure provide
that all new assignments to teaching po
sitions in the schools of San Francltsco
shall be from an "eligible list." This eli
gible list shall consist of U) experienced
teachers who have shown themselves un
usually efficient on the initiative of •' the
board; (2) unusually promising graduates
of training schools, also on the initiative
of the board; (3) other qualified teachers,
on application and competitive examina
tions. The rules as submitted by the ed
ucational committee follow:
Formation of Eligible List.
The eligible list for assignment to. positions
In primary and grammar schools shall at no
time contain more than eighty names and that
for high schools fifty names. No person shall
be considered for appointment to the eligible
list for primary or grammar schools who has
not had a good secondary education' or who
shall not have demonstrated by highly success
ful teaching that he or she has had equivalent
training, and for high schools. who has not
had a good collegiate education or ; equivalent
training. ¦ . -'...•¦
Appointment to the eligible list shall not be
regarded as complete until the person . ap
pointed shall have obtained from a consulting
physician of the board a certificate showing
that the holder is sufficiently sound in health
and possessed of sufficient bodily vigor to do
effective teaching.
The list of substitute teachers shall.be made
up independently of the eligible list, but the
persons on the eligible list may be employed as
substitute teachers.
It shall be the duty of the Board of Educa
tion to take the initiative in acquainting them
selves with the work of teachers, within prac
ticable geographical limits, who have achieved
unusual distinction in the work of teaching.
Whenever adequate evidence of the superior
worth of any teacher shall have been obtained
the board may by unanimous vote appoint such
teacher to the eligible list. But such teacher
must furnish the board ¦ with all information
called for In the case of regiilar candidates and
must be subject to the general rules governing
such election. The board may. also by unani
mous vote appoint the graduates of institu
tions which give thorough courses in the prac
tice and theory of education, provided that at
no time shall more than 15 per cent of the
names on the eligible list be those of persons
selected in this manner. The board shall con
duct annually a competitive examination, pro
vided that not more than 50 per cent of the
names on the eligible list be selected in this
manner. The rules for examination are prac
tically the same as those now in' force. • »
* Miscellaneous Provisions.'
AH applicants, unless excused by unanimous
vote of the board, shall I>e' required to appear
in person for a brief oral examination. . . . :
No member of the board. shall promise or give
any sort of assurance that any given individual
shall be appointed to the eligible list or that
any given individual shall receive his vote for
such appointment.
If any applicant shall approach any member
of the board with any argument or plea foi" his
appointment to the eligible list, assignment to
a probationary teaching position or election to
a permanent teaching position other than evi
dence of professional qualification such person
shall be deemed guilty of unprofessional con
duct.-
It is the duty of any member of the board
whenever any attempt is made to employ per
sonal, political or other improper influence to
report the facts to the board, and the appli
cant concerned In such improper approach
shall not thereafter be considered for appoint
ment. • f - "•
When any name has remained on the eligible
list for the term of four years it shall then
be stricken from that list, unless retained by
a unanimous vote of the board.
Assignment to Positions.
"When any vacancy occurs in a teaching posi
tion the names of all persons on the eligible
list, whose qualifications are of the kind and
grade called for in the vacant position, shall
be read before the Board of Education, and the
board shall then canvass, thoroughly and im
partially, the qualifications of all such persons.
Priority of appointment to the eligible list
shall not be considered in the selection of the
person to- fill any such vacancy, nor. shall any
other condition or circumstance be so consid
ered, except superior fitness for the discharge
of the duties of the position to be filled. When
the qualifications of all persons available have
been fully canvassed the board . shall proceed,
without nomination, to ballot for the selection
of a person to be assigned to the vacant posi
tion. The person receiving three votes shall
be so assigned. ."•-¦-•¦ . • . • ••¦.-
Every person assigned from the eligible list
to a teaching position shall be on probation,
before final election, for . a term of not less
than two years, if such person shall have had
successful experience In teaching • for a period
of two years prior to such - assignment; and
every person so assigned shall be on probation,
before final election, for a term of. not less
than three years, if such person shall not. have
had successful experience in teaching for a
period of two years prior to such assignment.
. Denman "Wants Charter Obeyed. .
Dennian made a futile' effort to induce
the board to co'mnly. with * the charter in
the repairing of. schools. He was opposed
to giving' the work out by the day or per
mitting • the Board ¦ of Public "Works to
have its own men perform the work. He
said that there should be competitive
bidding, so that the work could be done at
the minimum of cost. A resolution was
then adopted requesting the Board of
Works to prepare plans and specifications
and estimates of cost for adding another
story to the Buena Vista schoolhouse.
Denman's resolution that the Board of
"Works be requested to let all contracts
for repairs'on school buildings which shall
exceed $250 to the' lowest bidder was lost.
Leaves of absence were gTanted to Miss
M. A. Reddy. Miss A. M. Wolfe, Miss L. j
E. "Wolfe and Miss M. E.' Mower. - -
.The invitation of the State Mineralogist i
to the pupils of the grammar school to
visit the museum of the State Mining Bu
reau was accepted. - • • .- • , ¦ . ¦ •
Truant Officer Floyd reported that after
an investigation he found that the recent
fire in the Burnett School originated
from smoldering refuse in the ash tins.
He called attention to the violation of an
ordinance which forbids the emptying: of
papers and other refuse into the, tins. :,
ELOQUENT TRIBUTE TO MEMORY
OF A BELOVED SISTER OF MERCY
Rev. P. C. Yorke Preaches Sermon at Re
quiem Mass for Repose* of Soul of * One
Whose Life Was Devoted to Teaching
Has No Desire to Return to the Stage— Her
Time Is Fully Occupied in Caring for
Her Mother and Her' Property Interests
LOTTA PLAYING NURSE IN A TINY
LITTLE COTTAGE AT BELVEDERE
I'JbLJbG SAJN 1 ..ilTJL'J A.JNUAJSOO OA.JLj.Lj, "X'JiU JKfeX^A ¦*.», , Alri.vJ.lj • J!o» '1UU1.
If any tell-tale lines on her mobile coun
tenance. Her eyes are brilliant, her hair
a bright golden shade, and her • figure
slight, yet shapely,, like a 'girl Mn the
sprlnsr time of youth.
"I have come' back- to .California," said
the charming little woman, "solely In the
hope that. the climate may prove of bene
fit to my mother. She is 81 years old and
her health Is very poor. ' •
"I have left the stage for good and all,"
she declared, after enthusing about Cali
fornia scenery and climate. "I have made
a farewell tour, but, nevertheless, I made
my farewell tour eight years ago. I have
had numberless offers' to return to the
¦stage, but have never considered any. I
have never felt any desire to return to
the theater, and I cannot say that I have
ever missed the glare and glitter of the
professional life or the i applause of the
admiring public. It takes all my time to
look after my business interests."
Lotta declares that the development of
business cuallflcations with her has been
a matter of slow movement.
"I just had to take hold," she explained,
"or else some one else would, and perhaps
so completely that there would have been
nothing left for me. I have considerable
property." in s New York City - and Boston,
and some little real estate in San Fran
cisco, and the proper management of. it
all requires my entire time and atten
tion." , - >. • -¦
¦ Lotta's stay in California is at present
a matter altogether, and delightfully in
definite. ! ¦ .:¦:
"It all depends on mother." she says. .
12
1 The bargain of a lifetime.' An oak
finish aureau. with three large
drawers and diamond shaped bev-
eled mirror. As we pay no rent we
can make you just as low prices on
everything you can possibly want
In housekeeping furnishings. Just
¦ try us and .prove It.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
f Incorporated),
I O I 7- I O23 Mission Street.
Above Sixth. . Saa Francisco.
Wj close »t S p.o. rrtry day but Satarl* y.
P.BO8COE BIcXPI/TY, BI.D.
3Gij Iicarny St.. Saa Francisco, CsJ-
motulty:
HMIIS \7ElX-KX0WN AND RKLIA BLE OLD
.1 Specialist cures Blood Poison. Gonorrhcea.Gleet,
Stricture, Sr-rnlnal Weakness, Impotence and their
nllied Disorders. I>oot on Diseases of Men, free.
OvprSOyearVexperience.TTmi reavinab'e. Hoars
9to3dally;6:3btoS.30ev'ss. Sandnvs.lOto li Consnl-
tationfreeandsacredly confidential. Call oraddresi
Weekly Call, $1 per Tear
Caret
:?jfi?ig2^a->^>) value of
%Wmm(^ i tm pocKer
wffl^^l I our pncp.wliii
Tflfr^ r K't>9 50«'^
pnceoftfiiv rW^yX'.fflfpttfriKtt,
aaiimi earners £5.00;
bulw are io a portion 'to put them out at me low .
price quotea-vvMf fficy laa . : It u flic genuiw j
MONROE POCK tT CAMERA, mmilcil
\k\ folded it has 3 reversible wn fiiwVsiuiiier for
•flmf and instantaneous exDO5ure5 : diaphranund iftre'r
stops ; loaded with plaits S&jj&g ~ A* a 'bargain
youcaAiftfatitanywhrrrWf guarantee it.fflonrif
bflchlfyourirnolsatijfifa
JtortJfajuKfap 42 Third Street
39 STOCKTON ST.. near Market.
TELfePHONE NEVER "BUSY."
MAIN 55£2.
CHILDREN'S PIQUE - CAPES, trimmed
with . three ' ruffles of Wide Embroidery.
- -linedwlth Fleeced White 'Flannel; worth
$2. To-day's price.. fl*| QP^
CHILDREN'S PIQUE COATS, double
collar,' trimmed with Wide Embroidery,
flannel lined: full length, ff] AE\
Reg. price J2.50. To-day €J>1»*±O
CHILDREN'S CONFIRMATION DRESS-
¦'ES, trimmed with Valenciennes Lace or
• Embroidery; sizes 6 to 14 years; $2.25
quality. On sale to-day — ; g | A PS
CHILDREN'S WHITE CAMBRIC OR
j , LAWN : DRESSES. hemstitched. bre-
telles, neck ar.d slaaves trimmed witn
embroidery ;.~. 75c Quality. - On >ICfcr*'
. -i sale " t '^
THOMPSON'S MILITARY STRAIGHT
' FRONT HIPLESS -CORSET. Rerular
r Just One Thing in Women's Hose,
And crly 100 H dozen to Bell— WOMKV'S
FLAIN OR RICHELIEU RIBBED
HOSE, full finish, fast black. Regular
.. price 3 pair for 50c. On sale \\ c
to-day .............Pair ll^ ><
Women's Wrappers.
Your choice of all our 85c WRAPPERS,
.flounced or plain skirt; all sizes RK/->
to-day at ;.....:..... ZOO 1 -*
<< Women's Balbriggan Yests.
Ix>ng cr half sleeves, all sizes. Our regu-
. lar ' 3ac quality > on sale to-day QQr
We're showing the prettiest and daint-
iest line of - CHILDREN' S HEADWEAR
ever produced at popular cficec. Our 19c,
:59c, 48e, 73c, - U8c values . are world-
heateis. ¦ , - . • :
Bet. Taylor and Jote3.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
TODAY.
¦ . •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHIPMBNTS TO THE COUNTRT GO
PROMPTLY AND ARE PACKED TO
ARRIVE IN GOOD ORDER.
CREAMERY BUTTER, 2 squares, ,55c
Very choice.
SHELLED ALViONDS, Ib 23c
For saltln? and cooking.
. Regularly 35c
COOPER OLIVE OIL, qt bot. 90c
Regularly a.25.
SAUERKRAUT, imported, 4 lbs. . 25c
Resularly 10c- a Ib.
BERLIN DUSTERS, each .25c
Small fancy duster,
12-inch feathers, soft and pretty.
Resularly 35c.
0 K WHISKEY. bot 75c; 3 bots 52.00
Gallon $3.00
Age and quality guaranteed.
Regularly. U and $4.
UNEEDA BISCUITS, pkg. JOc
Soda and m ilk— crisp, tender
and delicious.
LAYER FIGS, Ib 10c
* Fancy Cal. white fisa.
Regularly 15c.
WINDOW SCREENS—
r f .." No. 1. No. 2. No. 3
"The Leader." 2Oc. 3Oc, 4Oc
Made front best material and fit ail
windows perfectly.
Regularly 30c, 40c and 50c.
C0CSTRY OEDEHS SOLICITED— CATALOGUE FR23
SPEGIALSALE!
THURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATUR&AY
Swiss Lisle Vests '50c
.-.And Other. Interesting
;:•/ Underwear Notes., ' ' WsH||\
We are careful to get the best underwear mad?. F^'ffjiK^ vll\
We gather sample garments from the leading /$¦/)' I
mills, put them side by side on one long table Ilillllll ' ' JM*i
and compare. That's the way to find the weak , 'BlSA^iM^
points and the stronsr points. We sift out the ' illlf f lll»!^^
garments with the most strong points, go back II' IWlwIli^Mi
to the mills with them and tell the man if he will ifr'WnM '
strengthen the weak places we will take so vTOWm™
many thousand of them (that is where the lever- vl\IW' l 4\\\fr I if/
age of big buying comes in). We make our ' VWMmWlfW
power tell in the. bettering of the garments as .
well as in the lowering of the prices. Judge by \ ~\ |^
Lisle Vests at 5Oc— Are of imported Child's Swiss Hibbed Garments, 25c
Swiss Lisle, with fancy hand-crochet — Summer weight, vests or pants; vests
yokes. )¦ ¦.-•¦ * with long or short sleeves: pants knee
Ladies' Ribbed Garments. 25c— Vesta' length; ecru or white; sizes IS to 34.
• or pants; summer weight; vests in
three styles— low neck- nvith long or Child's Underwear. ISc— Sold In the
short sleeves, or. low neck* and no regular way for 25c; of -Jersey ribbed
sleeves. Pants thoroughly well made Egyptian cotton; vests or pantalets;
and finished with covered seams; sizes medium weight and well finished; all
4. 5 and 6. .*'.-- the seams are covered; sizes 3 to 10.
Sale of Soiled Yarns
With Only the Price Hurt. T;
What a stir they'll make to-day! Thrifty women will take them - in a
jiffy. Details are out of the question — colors ire too varied, quantities too
limited.
— Saxony worth I2^c for 5c. :(.*. »,.»•
—Zephyrs worth 5c to-day 2^C. ¦'¦''"
—Germantown wool worth" I2^c to-day 5c. i<
— Germantown knitting yarn worth 25c to-day 10c. 'r
Isn't that fine news? It'll brincr us a throng of eager buyers to-day. "¦ ""
ioc Flannelette to=day 8]c
1200 yards, 57 inches wide. In a full line of light colors, mostly striped; a splendid
nappy surface. This quality has been selling for 10c, but to-day S l-3c.
r 6oc Table Damask to-day 48c
• "We want a lively time at the linen counter to-day. That's why we have taken
these 15 pieces of Damask. that have been selling for 60c and marked them 4Sc.
60 inches wide, unbleached, a very firm, heavy, worthy quality.
Fancy Waistings for 50c.
" . ; v Three yards to-day for the price of two.
Fine French Foules— a flannel-like stuff highly In favor now for summer waists.
The plain grounds are set off with large coin dots of contrasting shades— 7 color-
ings to select from. Stuffs that have never sold for less than 75c go on sale this
morning at 50c; 27 inches wide.
Market St- near Sixth, opp. Golden Gate.
Sale's.
Golden OaK Finish
Bureaus $8.00.
J^plendid^wIeC|m is-
*t 3$-*! - om e splendid summer shoes — hijrh and /y >O 5$
low cut? — black or tan, and our outin.cr yy' §Je|
'!i$?s<I k°°*s for women are exceedingly smart //' ?1
? S*^- nnc^ durable. Call and see how we can A % g|
H *fl* £ ' 10U - d write to us for their shoe wants. ||L Jpi$ H
A FULL SET OF TEETH i
Sale's.