Sunday Call Women and Children's Section2
CALIFORNIA'S
MOST FAMOUS
CLUB
WOMEN
>H W RS. DENNISTON is a compara
(\/\ tively recent recruit to active
V ' < I club service, but she has de-
I voted herself so steadfastly to
• the work for the past few years
that she has earned for herself a place be
side many who have made a business of
clubs since clubs began.
She has already reached the position of
president of the Forum Club. That is do-
Ing a good deal in a short time." The
Forum Club la a very. busy one and its
office of president means much work.
And that. in turn means that Mrs. Dennis
ton is a busy woman.
She says that she has no time for so
ciety in the. giddy and gadding sense ol
the word. Moreover, she adds, club life
takes the place of society. And here is a
point that club women everywhere are
dwelling uporv
"Club meetings take the place of calling
and are an improvement," she says.
"Women see each other, are brightened
and freshened by contact, and to far more
advantage than by the system of a round
of calls, stand-up receptions and after
noon teas. A social and literary club
such as the Forum is gives women not
only the pleasure of social intercourse, but
the benefit of instruction. Not instruc
tion in a laborious sense; but the kind
that does not overtax busy women who
have many duties at home."
Mrs. Denniston' s many . duties are not
only at home but abroad as well. She is
not satisfied with being president of the
Forum, but is an active member of the
Corona Club. Besides' that, she keeps up
with church work, for she is devotedly re
ligious.
"Religion conies first," she : says. "The
Ideal woman must be true to her belief,
to her chorch. This is one. side of her,
It is one great factor in her complete
ness. ' .-. r •/■ . •;
"After being religious, she must be do
mestic. She must be a home-maker, both
for the sake of the home and of herself.
The nation needs homes, it needs ■ homes
■where its young voters may be trained.
That suggests my ideas on voting which'I
am going to pass by at present.
"Besides the fact that the homes need
women with hearts to watch over each
one of them, the women need the homes.
"We cannot be complete , unless we have
that influence. If a woman is not naturally
domestic she should cultivate the trait.
She is unfeminine without it and her char
acter lacks one of : Its most important
foundation stones. I love my friends and
I believe strongly in social intercourse,
but the kind of. society that keeps women
away from their homes most of their wak
ing hours is ruinous to domesticity. A
life that is made up of hurrying from one
party to another, from reception to dinner
and from dinner. to dance, is a life that
cannot lead to any great and deep happi
ness. ,■ 1 .:" l ~ ; :
"To go on with the ideal woman. She
must have a brain, and love to cultivate
GOOD MINCE PIES.
/?=3 HRISTMAS is not Christmas with
\i out mince pies. Table Talk fur
ns=^ nishes a recipe for mince meat.
which should be prepared some time
before wanted and set away to "mellow."
Thus it becomes much superior to that
made and used Immediately. The recipe
requires:
Two pounds of finely chopped beef suet,
/our pounds of lean round of beef, boiled
and chopped fine, after becoming properly
cold; twice as much by measure of coarse
ly chopped tart apples as there is of meat;
three pounds of brown sugar, four pounds
of raisins, seeded and coarsely chopped;
three pounds of cleaned currants; half a
pound of finely chopped citron; a pint of
molasses; a tables-poonful each of cinna
mon and mace; one and a half tablespoon
fuls of grated nutmeg; a scant table-'
epoonful each of cloves, black pepper and
milt; half a tablespoonful of allspice and
three quarts of elder. All the spice Bhould
be ground.
Mix all the ingredients, adding enougTT
of the liquor in which the meat was
cooked to moisten thoroughly. Heat and
cook very slowly for three hours and put
up in glass jars.
THE SUNDAY CAT.L.
"The Best Known Club . "Women on the Pacific Coast f" Do you
know who they are? Or, in knowing who they are, have you ever
studied their personalities to 'know why they should be considered
the "best known"? This sketch of Mrs. E. G. Denniston is the sev
enth in an interesting series on just those lines. •
it. It must be a beautiful garden in which
she plants and weeds and trains. After
she has passed the age of school or col
lege life, we have the woman's club which
helps her to do this. All sorts of instruc
tion is to be had at the many kinds of
SOME UP-TO-DATE SALAD HINTS.
r^f GOOD sized bowl is the first essential of salad making. With this well
f\ ooled, the salad leaves fresh, crisp and dry, without blemish and perfectly
1—4 clean, the mixing presents but little difficulty. Very little oil is required for
V, I a plain salad. The oil should be poured first upon the salad leaves, anl
JL these lightly tossed until they are coated with oil. The other in&redients
being added and the salad again lightly tossed, the product will be a dish evenly
seasoned, with no undressed leaves on top while tho others are soaking in a
strong dressing below. " .
For salad sandwiches pepper grass and water cress should be dipped In French
dressing or salted vinegar before using, shaken dry, and placed between thin
slices of bread and butter.
Soft, mild cheese is used In making a Welsh sandwich, which is an appe
tizing accompaniment to a green salad. Two parts of the cheese are rubbed to
gether with one part of .butter, the former first having been flavored with mus
tard and a herb vinegar. . The mixture Is spread between thin slices of bread.
Green peas mashed very soft are excellent to give color and consistency to
a fish dressing. The juice of spinach or other salad herbs will give a dellcato
Bhade of green to a, mayonnaise. The pounded coral of the lobster mixed
Bmooth with a little oil and added to a mayonnaise will give a good red color
to a fish drfssing, and cooked beet juice or deeply colored fruit Juices will color
an ordinary mayonnaise.
Chopped herbs of any kind of which the flavor Is desired make the mayon
naise tartare. Chopped onions or their Juice, chopped olives, chives, cucumber
pickles and capers added to a p'n'n dressing transforms it into the tartare.
, For the camper— and some people like the salad for the table— there is a salad
dressing prepared with bacon fat. It is convenient as well as appetizing for the
man or woman living under primitive conditions. Thin slices of bacon or even
of ham fat are tried out, strained and two-thirds of the fat thus obtained is com
bined with one-third vinegar and is used in the proper proportion with green
salads. .' x
Sour cream makes an excellent dressing, and the most fastidious objector to
cream would never recognize it If not Jet into the secret. The cream must not
be too* old. The juice of half a lemon, two teaspoonsful of vinegar, a good
pinch of cayenne pepper, a' teaspoonful of gait and a teaspoonful of sugar are
added to a cupful of thick, sour cream uud beaten together thoroughly. It ia
an excellent dressing for tomatoes and (old vc. .ubk-s, and can be used with
a celery and. apple salad.
clubs that exist nowadays and are being
increased and varied all the time. If a
woman has an especial talent for one lino
of study she can find a chance to develop
it in some of our many clubs. There are
those .who devote themselves to literature,
others to art, still others to music. On©
may study languages or social science
through them. Few women have time to
make n deep study of any of these things,
but the club work is not heuvy.. The com
plete woman could seldom go very far
Into any scientific or artistic study, for the
complete woman usually has children to
rear, and it Is only after these are grown
up and have left her protection that her
opportunity comes for profound npplica
tlon to study.
"The ideal woman should have good
health. It is not safe to make too sweep
ing assertions, but there is a temptation
to say that a woman cannot fulfill her
usefulness in life without it. Of course
this is not absolutely true. We all know
of women who have fought a life battle
against sickness and at the same time
have accomplished as much as or more
than other women of fine physique. But
this, is only by way of exceDtion; it mere
ly proves the rule. The rule is that a sound
mind likes best to dwell in a sound body.
"I like the woman who takes plenty
of good out-of-door exercise. She is the
more ready after it to come indoors and
apply herself to mental work. I like the
beauty that comes as a result of breath
ing good air and plenty of it; of walk
ing in the sunshine; of riding, of playing
golf. We have not all time for a great
deal of this sort of thing, but no matter
how busy our lives are we should find
time for some of it. The club woman's
busy life keeps her going a great deal.
and if she would often walk instead of
yielding to the temptation that a street
car offers she would go home to write her
club paper with clearer thoughts, or go
to her club to read it with more spirit
and enthusiasm."
Mrs. Denniston is not a suffragist. Nor
Is she exactly an "anti." She rather
shrinks from the issue which she feels
Is sure to come. "If women come to
vote," she says, "I suppose I shall take
my place among them and try to vote
intelligently and honestly; but I doubt
if we as women or the nation as a whole
will be any better off for suffrage. I
don't see why we can't do enough for
the country by educating our boys."
This is what you would expect of her,
for she does not look like a suffragist,
although few of them do for that matter.
She is entirely womanly in the strong
sense of the word. She is large, of as
fine physique as that abstract woman
whom she admires, but there is nothing
but femininity in her strength. Her hair
is dark, her eyes are big and gray and
frank, her figure is San Franciscan. Sho
is fond of the good things of this life, es
pecially driving and music, and she finds
her happy part of the year during the
opera season. She says that she is a
musician In the sense that she enjoys
music with her whole soul, although she
does not execute.
There is a broad enough woman for
you, don't you. think so?
ABOUT THE HOUSE.
SRICH. nutty flavor peculiar to win
ter squash is lost when the vegeta-
Jj ble Is boiled. Wash and wipe the
squash, and without removing tho
shell, cut Into three-inch squares. Remove
the seeds, brush each piece with butter,
bake in a moderately hot oven and send
to table etlll on the shell, after dusting
with salt and buttering.
To cook prunes so that they are really
delicious, soak them all night In cold wa
ter, then place where they will heat very
gradually, indeed, Just to the boiling
point, but not actually boll. Let stand at
this temperature for half an hour. Take
out the prunes, add sugar to the juice and
a little lemon peel, boil rapidly for fifteen
minutes, pour over the fruit and serve
cold.
If ycju draggle a white petticoat in mud
dy weather don't let the mud dry on It.
Rinse it out immediately, and rinse It
thoroughly. Mud on woolen goods should
dry, then be brushed off, and the stains
removed with soap and hot water if tn«
fabric will bear it.THE
BEAUTY
QUEST
Facial Development lor Rounding* out Hollow Cheeks
and Cultivating Beautiful Curves.
(Copyright 1901 by P. Smith.)
TO round out hollow' cheeks, obviate
flabblncss and cultivate beautiful
curves is the object of facial de
velopment. The first step in this
direction is to learn how to exer
cise the muscles of the face. We all know
how to develop the muscles of the arms,
for example, by certain movements learn
ed at the gymnasium; to train the tissues
of the face to lines of beauty is quite as
easily learned and us important.
As we grow older muscles become de
pressed, and need cultivation to keep them
strong, iirm and free from llabbiness.
Then, too, many youthful faces, although
round 'find plump, yet are not beautiful,
or even pretty. They aro all llesh and no
muscle. It is rather a common delusion
that one can gain beauty by gaining a
little more fat. This is a fatal mistake.
The lines of beauty* will be found only
where the muscles are plump and firm. '
Going to work systematiclly, the would
be Venus seats herself in loose garments
at her toilet table facing her mirror, and
without so much as "by your leave,"
daintily puts her ringer in her mouth and
gently, firmly presses her cheek outward
in every conceivable direction; the thumb
and forefinger in the meantime, on the
outside of the cheek, are rubbing the flesh
upward, with deep pressure, which stimu
lates the blood, bringing it to the surface.
First one cheek and then the other must
undergo this treatment. Then, removing
the linger from the mouth, the muscles
under each eye are contracted or bunched
up, the thumb and forefinger pressing
downward gently, while the muscles are
contracting or bunching up; this offers the
desired resistance — the pressure downward
with thumb and iinger. Relax the mus
cles at once and then contract them again;
alternate this contracting and relaxing,
Unit one cheek and then the other, until
the muscles are tired. This Is one way to
round out hollow cheeks, give tone to
muscles and gain beauty of shape. Still
there is another way.
Rolling the Cheeks.
The next step In facial development Is to
roll the cheeks, which will also invigorate
the muscles. Place the palms of the
hands firmly on the cheeks, and roll them,
the movement always being upward. Roll
or rub deeply, so as to get at the muscles;
rubbing" the skin only make.s it loose. Use
any good cream; this facilitates the deep
rolling of the muscles and nourishes the
skin. Not only roll the cheeks, but knead
the paste into the skin.
An Inventory of the Features With
Helpful Suggestions.
Having arrived by this careful treat
ment to a proper degree of plumpness of
cheek and lirmness of muscle, the next
thing is to take an inventory of the fea
tures.
My nose. One thing is certain, a woman
cannot be beautiful unless she have a
good nose; another thing is equally cer
tain, thero is never <t handsome nose
without the company of other good look
ing features; another thing is equally ab-
Bolutely certain, the nose is the vital
point of a woman's beauty. Such being
the facts in tho case, It Is a solemn thing
to contemplate that noses are born, not
made, and we must, as a rule, submit to
the Inevitable. Noses, to be sure, are
made over, very poor specimens emerg
ing from the making over process fairly
respectable features. But it is only in
cases where tho nose is a blot upon the
fuce that heroic measures are advocated.
The ordinary, every-day nose may often
be improved, although it was the moth
er's duty to attend to this matter in in
fancy. • From babyhood upward tho nose
should always be rubbed downward; even
a snub nose may bo improved in shape
by this process. Where the nostrils are
very wide open the nose can be gently
pressed together with . the lingers and
held in this position for a few moments
at a time, the process being repeated at
intervals. When blackheads appear, and
they never will if the skin is kept healthy
by daily baths, an excellent wash is made
of-
Flowers of sulphur 1 teaapoonful
Glycerine 1 teaspoonful
ltose water H Pint
Bathe the nose at night with warm
water and then with this lotion; in the
morning wash the nose again with warm
water, followed by a dash of cold water.
Keep up this treatment until the black
heads disappear. If one has a red nose
in winter she will do well to take care
when she is out in the cold to keep her
mouth shut and breathe through her
nose; also not to take hot soups or hot
drinks soon after coming In from tho
cold.
My eyes. As we grow older the ball of
the eye flattens; to preserve the normal
shape of the eye as long as possible mas
sage or rubbing of the eyeball is resorted
to. Rub the eye toward the nose, never
by outward motion; this does much to
keep the ball round and well developed,
ami should be an occasional toilet duty.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Too much tampering with the eyes should
bo avoided. For an "eye restcr" once a
week or so bathe the eyes in rather hot
water to which a drop or two of cam
phor has been added. Bathing with rose
water is also recommonded. If the eyes
have become irritated through excessive
use a. lotion should be made of rosemary
flowers steeped in distilled water. Steep
the flowers for several days, then strain
and add equal quantities of rose water
and brandy. To remove a feeling of dry
ness make a tea leaf poultice by making
ordinary tea. After straining put the
leaves between two pieces of soft muslin
and keep on the eye for some hours. Up
to forty year3 of age It Is a good plan to
bathe the eyes twice dolly with cold
water; after that age bathe them night
and morning with hot water, followed by
cold. Eyelashes* preserve the eyes from
dust, wind and glaring light. It Is, there
fore, not vanity to endeavor to improve
their quality and quantity. If the eye
lashes are thin apply this lotion twice
daily:
White wax 4 os.
Glycerine 1 ox.
Tincture of cantharides Mi oz.
Sulphur sublimated ...' % oz.
Stroking the eyelashes in an upward
direction gives them a tendency to curl
up. Although it aids the growth of e3'i-*
lashes to clip the ends carefully In child
hood an adult should on no account tam
per in this way with the lashes, as it on".j
makes them grow coarse and stubby. Tlu
light brown eyelashes of Lady Pippin
worth in Tommy and Grizel were "black
tipped," as if a brush had touched them,
though it had not. SUe made play wltt.
ner eyeiasnes as witn a ran, ana some
times the upper and lower seemed to en
tangle for a moment and be In difficulties,
from which you wanted to extricate them
in the tenderest manner.
My mouth. Almost any one can have
a pretty mouth If she knows the proper
way to close It. It is not to allow tha
under lip to protrude. That the under
lip should obviously extend beyond tha
other Is excessively ugly. But it never
should recede. It should a trifle more
than touch tho upper Up; this makes the
real Cupid's bow, and the prettiest shaped
mouth. Syrian women have the most
beautiful mouths In the world, and Lady
Isabel Burton used to say that sho
learned from a Syrian woman the proper
way to close her mouth. Although the
Cupid's bow Is the traditionally accepted
mouth of beauty, because, for one rea
son, It gives an arch expression to the
face, ttfere are other mouths equally as
pretty, and they may be large or small,
but the perfect mouth is neither large
nor small, nor too thin about the Ups,
with a fresh, brilliant redness.
Bathing the lips with alum water keeps
them soft and In good color; follow thU
with an application of cold cream. Once
in a -while a few drops of cologne may b«
rubbed In the lips; follow this also with
an emollent. Cologne or alum water
used too frequently renders the skin hard
and brittle and likely to crack. Friction
with a rough towel, which brings the
blood to the surface, helps to keep the
lips red. This, however, should not bo
a frequent practice. • Passing the tongue
over the lips to moisten them is an in
jurious habit, as the saliva, always more
or less acid, shrivels the skin. Many
really nice mouths are spoiled by a hard
line, edging, at it were, tho lip, this be
ing usually caused by cold winds and
frosty weather; rubbing the lips with
sweet oil or a toilet cream la beneficial.
My chin. To develop the muscles of
the chin and prevent it having a weak,
flabby appearance, press the lower Up
upward by depressing the chin, as in the
act of pouting as strongly as you can;
crook the forefinger so as to form a
half circle of it; put the half circle form
over the point of the chin, just below
the mouth, and press downward lightly
with the tins*,. ~ «i ihe same time'
you are pressing the lip upward strongly,
enough to push the finger up with it..
After contracting the muscle hard
enough to force tne linger upward relax
it Instantly.
3THE NEW YEAR CALL
AND
THE NEW YEAR GOWN
THE NEW YEAR CALL;
THE NEW YEAR GOWN
Both will be revived this
year and many beautiful Nov
elties in the way of Dress and
Dress Trimmings will usher in
the year 1902 — Costumes to be
worn at the New Year "Occa
sion" of the Countess de Cas
tellane—Preparations for the
White House reception — Miss
Helen Hay's charming but
subdued crepe de. chines — Mrs.
Gebhard's new gowns.
/"|^*O be at home on New Year's day is
I a delightful occupation for any
1 woman. It gives her an opportun
1 ity, while extending the "greetings
JL of the new twelvemonth, to wear a
sown designed for the occasion, one that
shalf be not only fresh, but typical of
the styles of the coming-year.
A typical New Year gown must com
bine these Qualities:"
It must be in style.
Its material must be one of the stai^
dards. ' .
It must be of the full dress order.
It must have characteristics that appeal
to men callers as well as to women.
It must be becomingly chic ■ .
It must be of good color.
It must "light up" well.' ;
The New Year gown is so indicative of
the fashions of the coming year that if ail
the New Year., dresses of all the women
of fashion were gathered togetherjin one
fashion exposition there would be shown
the modes that will prevail the 'coming
year. The French have a way of turning
out positive novelties for the occasion. -
and in the New Year drawing-room of
the Countess de. Castellane there are
gathered representative gowns that show |
"all the little touches that mark a change
of style. For it is at this time that to*
fashions really change. .
A Conventional Gown. •;
The conventional New Year gown may
be high in the neck, for in this country
one throws open one's house and all th«
world is bidden enter. Besides this, the
gown is put on early in the day, and un
less the house is to be darkened to simu
late night the low-necked gown would not
bo in good taste. . ...
The skirt of the gown should be en
train. We are returning to the court
train, and the skirt can scarcely be too
long. It should drag upon the floor many
a foot, and be stiffened so that, instead
of a draggly tail, spiritless and aesthetic.
It stands out a proud follower of the
gown.
Besides being, trained, the skirt should
be long in front, so that it touches the
ground just where the slippers peep
forth, and if rightly planned it should
also touch upon the sides. It is the hard
est thing in the world to hang this lull
dress pown, and in the making of it many
a modiste "falls down" Hopelessly. Prop
erly done, it is a conception of styic, a
consummation of art.
A gown -that caught the eye and rivote-1
It was made »for a New York debutante
who will receive with her mother for the
first time this New Year's day. She is a.
mature looking girl, rather plump, of the
blonde type, almost pretty, with a Wll
heirnina freshness and of the charmingly
vivacious order which enables its owner
to wear gowna that could not be carried
off by u plrl who drosses herself stiffly.
This studying of character, as it were.
Is an important thing for any woman who
is planning a New Year gown for herself.
If she be" listless and lackadaisical, let
her select a frock that is interesting in '
itself— one that is a study without its
owner; a gown that would be good if
hung upon a clotheshorse. There are
plenty of these dresses in these days,
made up in a composite of lace and silk,
satin and jewels, that, while not too rich
to be in good taste, are certafnly of great
interest from a study standpoint.
On the other hand, if a girl be vivacious
and interesting in herself— it ia difficult to
differentiate, but everybody understands —
then she need not rely so. entirely upon
her frock. She can go into set aud con
ventional styles if she so pleases.
A ITevr Year Ideal.
A New Year gown made for the debu
tante who is to receive with her mother
has two bodices, one for day and one for
evening. Between day and dark, when
there is a lull, the young woman will
steal away and slip into the evening
waist.
In Gotham old New York and new are
mingled, und there is a division between
the New Year call of day and the one of
night. The old New Yorkers— those who
niade calls upon one's grandmother— are
the ones who call before 4 o'clock, begin
ning to drop in at 11 in the morning. In
the evening, well mellowed, they go homo
for a quiet evening around the aearth
etone.
The New Yorkers that belong to the
newer days, on the contrary, start out at
6, as though going to an afternoon tea,
and until midnight, and after, they make
merry with greetings. Between 4 and 5
there is a lull in the home, and the girl
who wishes to change her gown can slip
into the decollete bodice. • ■■ • ■'
The debutante's gown is built of flow
ered Bilk, not of the thin order, but ex
tremely heavy; brocaded silk would per
haps be a better word, though the flowers
do not look entirely like the brocade
which one understands as such. The
groundwork is a pale gray, and growing
all over it are great pink tulips, life sles,
with long yellowish green stems. The
flowers are closely clustered near the hem
of the gown, but grow scarcer toward the
waist line. . - ••;■•■ , ;•
To accomplish this marvel and maka the
gown look as though it were a pattern
dress there is recourse to embroidery.
Embroidered tulips are used upon the
hem of the skirt, and between the bro
caded flgures the embroidered flowers
grow thick.
, A Long Train. s
There is no other trimming upon the
skirt, which has a long train, round and
stiffened to hang out Btralght from the
back of the waist, where it has its start
'lhe skirt shows a lining of crocus col
ored taffeta and around- the foot there is
the little plaiting of pink chiffon, with
white lace over it, for that dainty foot
touch so much liked.
With the high necked bodice for day
wear there U a little bolero Jacket of flow
ered Bilk, sleeveless, with a deep pointed
collar overlaid with lace. A full lace
rutili* tidpeu the collar.
Under this little blouse bolero there la
worn a shirt waist of chiffon. This is very
full and th*> chiffon Is shirred over silk.
The sleeves art* cut in princess fashion;
that is, in full puffs with bands of silk
running around the arm, strapping down
tho chiffon, to make elbow puffs. A deep
fall <>t ohlffon overs the hand.
The stock la one of those simple things
In pink panne with ribbon traced upon it
to make u pretty design. The stock can
be easily managed these days for it needs
flower Or a few ft PP U( l uea
A stock showing much quiet taste was
worn by Mrs. Frederick Gebhard. It was
made of box plaited silk with a panne vel
vet rose appliqued upon each one of tho
box plaits. At the back the plaits flared,
while the sides wero stitched flat. In a
gown whose sweeping length will not per
mit her to take her time-honored position
in front of the mantel, but will force her
into the very center of the room, in order
that ' its yards may be uninterrupted, ■ a
very fashionable woman will receive her
New Year guests.
As well be out of the world as out of
fashion, and she who cannot receive In
this manner can come very near to it by
putting on her best gown and bidding: her
guests welcome from. the mantel.
There is to be a general revival of the
New : Year call this year, and not only of
the call, but of all Its attendant customs.
Front doors will be opened by small
members of the family, the ushers will be
impromptu ones— college boys home for
the holidays — tho luncheon table will be
visited by the young women who assist
the hostess, and tho whole will be done In
that old-tlmey fashion which makes one
think of George Washington and Martha.
Tho "first lady" of those days gave her.
guests only tea cakes and wine, but her
train was long and her manner cordial
and accompanied with some ceremony.
The parlors of the dressmakers have
looked like the show rooms of the import
ers of late, for there have been spread
out upon the carpets yards and yards of
material, all attached to skirts to form
long trains. Not pointed were the trains,
not soft and swisliy, as a little seamstress
put it, but long and stiff, stately and
space-defying.
A crinolined train— for many of tho
trains are crinollncl— is a thing terrifying
to the woman who has never tried to walk
in it. but, once on, the figure adapts Itself
to the train with amazing swiftness. If
well stiffened it hangs out from the feet
and is really not a difficult thing to man
age. in spite of its apparent impossibility,
in a small room.
But the soul of woman worries not so
much over the length of the train and its
possibility of management as over Its ex-pense. The long or court trains as they
nre now seen in the handsomest establish
ments are things* of great cost, and the
loftiness of their prices, together with
their beauty, clothe them with something
of the majesty of mysticism.
Who enn possibly afford such a gown?"
was the question asked by a young wom
an hs she paused in front of a great glass
show window In which a waxen beauty,
life size, simpered nbovo the draporlrs of
satin and chiffon, of lace and ribbon, of
velvet roses nnd silk, nil combined in one
beautiful whole that made up an evening
gown.
"Who, indeed?" echoed another girl,
whose eyes dwelt upon the sweeping train
Jn whoso lengths there were dollars plain
ly shown.
In the shops as a New York gift to all
the world of women there are shown silks
and satins in brocades and figures, many
of them recently brought out for display.
These bring the long train, if not within
easy reach, ceitalnly within speaking dis
tance of the woman who aspires.
The New Silks.
Time was, not so long ago, when the
cost of a gown could be plainly discerned
py glancing at it, but now it is. to a cer
tain extent different. The new silks are
so beautifully finished and so prettily fig
ured that one is really deceived In them,
and might easily be mistaken in thinking
1 ,£ m mucn more expensive than they are.
1 here are the Louislne silks, of which
one never tires in praise, artd there arc
the empire stuffs, that are so pretty with
the r bouquets and their floral baskets,
their WFealhs and their little market
bunches; and there are the Persian silks,
which really grow more and more won
derful as the world goes by. .
But besides these there have recently
been manufactured many handsome silks
'™ 'or beauty of coloring and delicacy
of design will probably never be excelled
These are sold for small prices, some of
them well within a dollar a yard, and are
so good in stamp and texture that they
can be made up very simple, often with
out any trimming but their own figures.
A gown of one of these silks, made en
train for a New Year reception, could
easily be put together In a few days, cer
tainly In a week. The waist would re
quire nothing beyond cutting after a sim
ple shirtwaist pattern. Any good summer
model would do. It must blouse a little
If of figured silk, If it would be in the very
newest Parisian style; and must be
brought down to a rounding point in
front, piecisely as though it were a cot
ton shirtwaist.
It is very smart to veil such a blouse
waist In figured chiffon. Any simple chif
fon with small figure will do and the cut
tine should be .performed u&on ttwi lines
of the outside waist, though the two nvn
made separately, one over the other. Ti.o
figure from the under Bilk shows through
the outer waist of chiffon with very soft
effect.
Cutting a Bodice.
The cutting of a decollete bodice Is a
simple thing, but the amateur Is opt to
do her work not wisely but too thorough
ly. The neck should be rounded and cut
delicately, not nearly as low as one de?
sires the waist to be, but at least two
inches higher. When completed the nick
will sag and the seams will give so that
the desired lownoss ia obtained.
The cutting of a neck too low Is a fault
so common to the amateur that it can bo
always looked for, but In the hands of a
real modiste such a mistake 1* or ocSUrs.
Of course nn error of thl» l»..d robs a
bodice of its beauty completely. It gives
the wearer, too, an uncomfortable feel
ing as though her garments were coming
off.
The skirt of a handsomely figured ma
terial can bo entirely plain with a iopg
rounded train and a ruffle under the foot
to keep It out. The belt may be a soft
crush belt.
The sash will play no unimportant part
in the season's gowns. It will be made of
chiffon and worn in one of many ways
all thoroughly approved. Miss ♦ May,
whose engagement to Payne Whitney has
been recently announced, wears a black
crepe de chine gown with a sash of binck
silk bordered with a very narrow double
box plaiting of chiffon. This is set-entire
ly around the edge of the-sash. !
Another form shows the wide sash all
of chiffon without a border. This is
wound once around tho waist and once
around the figure, the lower winding com
ing under the hips and veil down tho
front. It is finally tied at one side.
Still another of the long sashes of the
season Is tied directly In front, but this
should be worn only by a very slender
figure.
There are new methods of tying the
sash. One shows it as a chou consisting
of four loops, with long trailing ends.
Another method displays the crossed ends
caught under a pretty pin.
The sash pin Is one of the new features
in this year's jewelry. It is in the form
of a long clasp looking something like a
buckle, but having a fastening at one
side, something like a boa pin, but on a
much more limited scale.
The sash is really a charming feature
of dress and one that will grow more
popular. For the New Year day costume
Its value can hardly be overestimated, for
It has away of beautifying a 'new gown
and of positively glorifying an old one.
The new sash ribbons are the ones that
are velvet dotted. Others are : striped
with, transparent .s,trtpes. , whjlle oi.he.rs
hnve beautiful roses that will admit of a
bit of hand embroidery upon the end*,
which can be finished with fringe.
New Year Handkerchiefs.
After a long period, during which the
pocket, handkerchief was banished from
public gaze and relegated to an Inn^r
pocket, there comes a time when it can
be brought out again. Not only is it now
permissible, but It has -become actually
an object of beauty and part of dresa.
lhe luce handkerchief of two generations
ago was not more necessary to the
woman of those days than the fine little
linen ones nowadays. .
With the New Year gown it must be
carried In the hand, or it may be tucked
In the front of one's corsage, or even
slipped in the sleeve, if that be long. It
can be arranged to hide In the belt with
pretty little ends projecting, or it can be
merely a matter of ornament, of'dalli
ance, for the fingers. The handkerchief
ring is also in process of revival, and may
be soon seen again. A ring, with chain it
is, to which is attached a ring through
which the handkerchief is drawn.
The new linen handkerchiefs are very
small' and of very fine linen. Their bor
der is narrow, and the main claim to
beauty consists of the embroidery that Is
in one corner. This is in the form of a
little wreath, with the initial inside, tho
wreath worked out In colors. Or it may
be a little white silk eagle, with a wreath
beneath it and an initial Inside the
wreath. The family, crest Is very good
upon the corner of the handkerchief, and
can be done "quartered" in full colors, to
make a very brave heraldic design.
Tho 1902 handkerchief Is a trifle that
wins favor. It is a- little linen affair, with
1902 embroidered on one corner. Below
must be one's monogram:
New Year Gloves.
It is- in the height of etiquette to go
without gloves at the New Year reception,
for there is no hand clasp like the bare
one. In one's own home the extended hand
should be gloveless. Still, there are hos
tesses who wear long gloves New Year's
day, .and for them there are the gloves
with handsomely trimmed tops. There is
this about the long glove— that It comes
weH up toward the shoulder and sort of
dresses up the arm and Is becoming.
Another has a top trimmed with ap
plique put on to make a still upper part.
A third has a lace top" with the kid cut
out underneath the lace, while there is
another style that has the embroidered
top, the roses coming out in full relief of
color against the kid background.
It is difficult to purchase such gloves
ready made, but they can be ordered to
Bjatch one's cos.tume. >6
THE SUNDAY CALL.TH SECRETS
OF THE STARS
fT^HE week beginning on Sunday,
I December 22, will mark the com-
I mencement of a new and remark-
I able era.
The earth crosses the line with
Cancer on the 23d and will be in parallel
conjunction with Neptune, the ruling
planet of the week.
The year of 1901 draws to a close under
the dominion of very strong powers,
yielding a favorable ending to the floods,
draughts, strikes and general calamities
of the year.
The Christmas festivities will be on a
larger and more liberal scale fiian usual,
and will be of a dignified and imposing
character.
Public institutions will be very largely
remembered under the ruling planet of
brotherhood.
Influences render health conditions
good, but those who are ill will find con
valescence slow during this week. >
The,weather in the greater part of the
country will be clear and cold.
Marriages.
This is a most propitious and impressive
period for wedding ceremonies. The holi
day' season will , be marked by a large
number of elaborate* church weddings,
and those married at this time will be
gin their wedded lives under most aus
picious conditions.
Business.
December 22 (Sunday)— A favorable day
for matters suited to the day of rest, for
church going and for social and family
visits. 1
December 23 (Monday)— This day will
prove a profitable one for jjoth wholesale
and retail dealers. It is a good day to
start upon journeys and to make import
ant engagements.
Speculation will be in the larger stocks
and raw materials for manufacturing.
Wheat may go down and sugar up, and
some large deals will be made.
December 24 (Tuesday)— This day will be
marked by a great rush and excitement
in the commercial world preparatory to
the holiday on the 25th. There -will be
much hurry among belated shoppers and
retail dealers should realize great gaina.
The stock market upon this day should
bo extremely changeable until 11 a. m.
Mining stocks may at that hour drop a
few points with a slight rise at 1 p. mj
Linen Closet That Is a Model of Convenience for the Housekeeper
THE finest linen and plenty of It— and
country washing." -Thus said Beau
Brummel. The finest linen and
plenty of it, and the equivalent of
country washing every house mother
oui?ht to aspire after. Still, though her
linen may not.be of the llnest, she can
take heaps of comfort and pride in Its
care and due arrangement.
A word In the beginning. Ldnen ought
to be for use, not for show. Better the
simplest cloths, fresh from the laundry,
even if something frayed, than the richest
damask yellow with long lying. Indeed.
it ought to be a cardinal rule in every
home that the silver, linen and fine man
ners are to be used every day. Use
brightens and whitens all three and does
not wear them anything like so much aa
lying in wait for company. Use. which is
thus essential, should be also equal. To
insure that, have a drawer apart from
this main linen closet. In it store a two
weeks' Bupply of every linen requisite.
When all its contents have had their turn
take them back to the main closet and
brins others in their stead.
Since a linen closet may be nothing
morb than a cuddy or a stately apart
ment all over the shelves and tables, it is
worse than idle to dogmatize regarding
Its arrangements. Hut in a general way
one principle runs through great and
TUB SUNDAY CALL.
PREDICTIONS FOR THE WEEK BY A PROFESSIONAL
ASTROLOGER, SHOWING LUCKY AND UNLUCKY DAYS
FOR BUSINESS, LOVE AND MARRIAGE, GIVING BIRTHDAY
ADVICE AND LIFE FORECASTS OF INFANTS BORN DURING
THE NEXT SEVEN DAYS. .
Wheat should lead the market from '12 m.
to 1 p. m.
December 25 (Wednesday)-This day la
the anniversary of the birth of Jesus
Christ and should be observed with great
joy and festivity. There should be no
business transacted upon this day nor
money exchanged. This is an unlucky
and inopportune time to ask favors of
superiors. Do not start upon long jour
neys upon this date.
December 26 (Thursday)-This will be
a dull day In business circles and there
will be many financial annoyances and,
losses. Speculation will be spasmodic and
uncertain. The provision market should
be highest during the early hours, until
10:30, but may drop between 12 and 1
o'clock. • '„ mi
December 27 (Friday)-Condltions will
be more favorable upon this day for tho
consummation of large business transac
tions. There should be some heavy foreign
trading, and those importing fur should
make some advantageous deals. Specula
tion will be on a heavier scale. Iron and
steel should lead the market at noontime.
December 28 (Saturday)-Thls is an ex
cellent day for the institution of changes,
for moving intb new business quarters
and for .starting on important travels.
Dealers in groceries and provisions should
experience a large financial gain upon this
day. Speculation opens with a fair mar
ket in mining stocks, metals and food
stuffs, but will be very changeable after
11 o'clock. . ' .',' -
Birthdays. .
December 22 (Sunday)— This is one of
the lucky days of the calendar, and those
who celebrate the anniversary of their
birth upon this date will experience a
most fortunate year... Men will acquire
wealth and young women will marry
happily during the next twelve months.
small. It is orderly and systematic plac
ing. In the linen room of the world's
finest hotel there Is a specially marked
shelf space for the linen belonging to each
of the seven hundred odd rooms. Linen
is not a conventional term there. Sheets,
pillow-cases, cushion-slips, everything is
of real linen, Irish or German, grass
bleached, hand-sewed and embroidered
with the hotel initial with a wreath of
oak leaves. Further, In the table linen
section each day of the week has a shelf._
Monday's cloths and napkins go out only
upon Mondays. Tuesdays it is the same.
Even in times of great stress the rule
keeps Intact. The proprietor had rather
buy extra things than, to set the system
of giving out and checking the main sup
ply awry.
Tnis llrten room keeps books with itself.
Every room is charged with the things
issued to It. The chambermaids and
laundrymen are responsible for its safe
return. The laundry, which is up In tlfo
airy top. beautifully lighted and venti
lated, can wash, iron and return live
thousand pieces within an hour, and that
without strain. Steam, steel and elec
tricity do the work, plentifully supple
mented by human skill and muscle. The
big steam mangle rollers are ten feet long
and four "feet across. Six girls stand
either side of them to spread the damp
linen in place ana take It off as U comes
up, dry and sshiuinc-
December 23 (Monday)— Those who cele
brate their birthdays upon th's day will
find their next year an eventful one. Men
may make important changes In their
business. Young women who aspire to
social honors .will become leaders in their
own sets. All should guard well their
health and the disposition to yield to ill
tempers.
December 24 (Tuesday)— Those whose
birth falls upon this day should not un
dertake new enterprises or start upon im
portant journeys during the next year.
-Both men. and women will be fortunate in
domestic and family affairs. Young girls
will be wooed, but should test the sincer
ity of their lovers. 1 ■„■._ i
December 25 (Wednesday)— Those who
celebrate . their birthdays upon this date
will be fortunate In large business deal
ings during the next year. There will be
many small annoyances and family wor
ries. Young men in salaried positions
should have opportunities for bettering
their conditions before the expiration of
many months.
December 26 (Thursday)— This will prove
to be a very uncertain and an -unsatisfac
tory year for those who celebrate their
birthday upon this 'day. They should be
ware of business losses and sickness.
Young men will court but will not marry
because of financial restrictions. ",
December. 27 (Friday)— Those who cele
brate the anniversary of their birth upon
this . day will experience losses through
• lawsuits. Their extravagant tendencies
will militate against their success In busi
ness. Young women engaged in profes
sional lines will meet with recognition.
December 28 (Saturday) — Journeys,
changes, grief and illness will fall to the
lot of those celebrating the anniversary
of their birth upon this day. Young men
who travel will find success in business.
No housewife, even the richest, can
command all that. It has been mentioned
merely by way of exemplifying the value
of systems. What the hotel does in largo
the house mother may do In little by di
viding her shelves and marking the space3
appropriately, as "Huck Towels,", "Hem
stitched Towels," "Damask Towels for
Blue Chamber," "Towels and Sheets for
Back Room," or "Nursery Sheets and
Towels." Tie each week's wear with a
separate colored ribbon and" besides the
marking put matching ribbons numbered
1, 2. 3. 4. With the blue ribbon empty
there can be no question as to which col
or's turn is next.
AVith a sufficient towel supply, divide
the towel shelf and mark the divisions
with the days of the week. Thus use can
bo regular. To insure that with napkins,
always take out the fresh ones from the
bottom of the pile, or else put the clean
ones iv^derneath as they come from the
wash. 'Keep shelves and drawers as near
ly as possible free from dust. A good
way to do it is to curtain them with white
oilcloth daintily scalloped along the bot
tom and deep enough to reach from shelf
to shelf. Tuck the upper part to the shelf
edge and along the bottom sew stout
hooks eight or ten inches apart. Oppo
site every hook in the shelf ubove and
below put in a tiny brass screw eye.
Hook down the curtains after the shelve*
Young women will experience several love
affairs before they are wedded.
Births.
The children born during this week are
destined to become men and women of
great force of character. They will fill
influential positions and will be leaders in
Important movements. As children they
will develop slowly, but will be truthful
and sincere. .
December 22 (Sunday)— The children
born upon this day wij,l prosper in alt
their undertakings. The boys should be
come lawyers,' statesmen and financiers.
The girls will . marry early, and becom6
loving, wives and fond mothers, but
should they not marry they will always
be capable of making their own living.
December 23 (Monday)— The children of
to-day will be of bright, happy disposi
tions, and will always enjoy great popu
larity. The boys will be more successful
in the employ of others, than in their own
enterprises. The girls will be social suc
. cesses.
December 24 (Tuesday)— These children
will not be very robust during early
youth, but will grow, stronger after the
v age of 7. They .will be fond of social en
joyment and make friends readily. They
will show marked signs of extravagance
and will never save money.
December 25 (Wednesday)— The children
born upon this day will be endowed with
strong, mentalities and will be leaders
among men. They will possess broad and
charitable natures. The boys should be
come naval and army commanders and
railroad. magnates. The girls will have
quick tempers, but will rise to prominence
in the world.
December 26 (Thursday)— The children
of to-day will be economical and practical.
The boys will do well in salaried positions
and will be trustworthy. The girls will
make excellent housekeepers and happy
heads of homes.
December 27 (Friday)— The children born
upon this day will be quick tempered, ag
gressive and fond of. an argument. .The
boys should become.lawyers or politicians,
but /"will do well in business. The girls
will be extravagant and fond of display.
December, 28 (Saturday)— The children
born upon this day will be inclined to
acute illness while young. They will be
sensitive and should cultivate Independ
ence. They will be cosmopolitan in their
tastes and be fond of spending money.
The boys will do well in business and the
girls will make happy marriages.
are filled and hook them up out of the
way in taking down or putting up linen.
To light a closet of any kind, but more
especially a linen closet, the safest thing
is to light a clear glass lantern with wire
guards outside the glass. Swing it by a
light chain pulley some little wayin front
of the shelves. Thus a touch sends It up
or down, throwing the light wherever It
may be needed, '-[ZZ'J.i.
Tho fine Invisible dust which oozes into
every space not hermetically sealed will
get into a linen closet in spite of all pre
cautions. Therefore, wipe off the shelves
of It once -a month with a clean cloth
dipped in boiling water and wrung vefy
dry. As to finish, the shelves may be
merely sandpapered and varnished, but
are better painted white. In damp weath
er open the linen closet almost an hour
each day. Roseleaf sachets give the linen
an exquisitely delicate fragrance. Gather
freshly opened petals and dry them in tho
shade. When thoroughly dry mix with
them half their own bulk of dry lemon
peel and' calamus root, both grated. Strew
the mixture thickly over sheets of wad
ding and tack the wadding between either
cheesecloth or china silk. Fasten the
sachets to the closet walls or lay them
along the shelves. Now and again give
them an hour's sunning. It freshens them
wonderfully and brings out the odor anew.
EMILY HOLT.
78
THE SUNDAY CALL.Sunday Call Magazine Section
fHE MADONNA . -POSE— .rPIOW.TH5'UW5ST : ;F^D Tfl ■PH6tOS^PHy---THE' MADONNA POSE
ANEW IDEA IN PHOTOGRA
PHY THAT HAS RECENTLY
FOUND FAVOR WITH A
NUMBER OF YOUNG SOCIETY
MATRONS OF OAKLAND IS THE
MADONNA POSE. THE MOTHER
AND CHILD HAS EVER BEEN A
FAVORITE SUBJECT WITH THE
MASTERS, AND SEVERAL OF THE
MOST FAMOUS PAINTINGS HAVE
BEEN USED AS MODELS IN THE
PRESENT "FAD," WITH DE
LIGHTFULLY ARTISTIC SUC
CESS.
THE ORIGINATOR OF THE
NOW MUCH SOUGHT AFTER
MADONNA POSE IS MRS. PETER
C. ALLEN, WHO AS FLORENCE
SHARON WAS ONE OF THE LOVE
LIEST GIRLS IN OAKLAND.
MRS. CHARLES BOYNTON HAS
ALSO POSED WITH GREAT SUC
CESS AS THE MADONNA, HER
BEAUTIFUL HAIR AND SOFT,
DARK EYES MAKING HER A
MOST DESIRABLE MODEL, ES
PECIALLY FOR THE BODENHAU
SEN MADONNA.
AN UNUSUAL COINCIDENCE
WHICH ADDS TO THE INTER
EST SURROUNDING THE POSES
BY MRS. BOYNTON IS THE FACT
THAT SHE WAS BORN OS
CHRISTMAS DAY AND HER
EABY ON EASTER SUNDAY.10
ROflANGE
■ IFIRE
OOM! Boom! Clang-clang-clang!
then a vivid glare in the fog
hung sky and the blood-quicken-
ing cry of "Fire, Fire!" as the
bell of the old City Hall at
"Washington and Kearny streets rang out
its fearsome message.
Then the rush of many feet, shouts and
the light of lanterns; the sound of clank
ing brass and wheels, and the good city
folk of that time would tumble out <if
bed to see Knickerbocker Engine Com
pany No. 5 dash by on a run. Frequently
the watchers would see the strange sight
of a fair-haired girl clad In fireman's hat
and coat tugging along at the ropes of
the engine or running with the men,
shouting words of encouragement.
Many would Bay as they gazed, "Well,
L.iMe'8 with 'em to-night," or "Look,
there goes Lillie Hitchcock, the daughter
of the fire laddies." For in those* days.
In the last half of the fifties and in the
eixtles, Lillie Hitchcock was truly the gal
lant comrade and Informally recognised
member of Knickerbocker Company No.
5. She had her key to the engine house
on Sacramento street and to the meet
ing-room the same as any other brave
fireman.
She was the daughter of Dr. Hitchcock,
an old resident of San Francisco; a gen
tleman of the eld regime from South
Carolina, who served as a surgeon in the
Confederate army. When the little one
nrrived he was disappointed, for he had
set his heart on the girl being a boy,
but he is reported to have said: "Well,
never mind, we'll do the best we can to
make her a boy." So Lillie came honest
ly by the taste for masculine sports and
pursuits, which she developed frora &
child.
Engine No. 5 was not her first love in
the shape of a fire engine. Across the
street from the Oriental Hotel at Battery
and Bush streets, where the Hitchcocks
made their home when she was a tiny
pirl, was the engine house of No. 4.
This engine had a great fascination for
Lillie and another girl friend, also of the
irrepressible sort, and who is still living
in San Francisco, and together they
planned to get on the right side of the
Bremen. They did it successfully, and
there never was an alarm of fire in that
vicinity but these two small women would
put on red shirts kept for the occasion
and start for the engine house in the hope
of getting a ride on the engine, which they
■oaietlmej would accomplish.
But the best of friends must part, and
great was the wailing when the second
small girl was big enough and mischiev
ous enough to be sent to a San Jose con
vent. Then Lillie's mother sought to nip
In the bud her daughter's love for the
life of a; daring fire laddie, but as well
try to stop the wind from blowing. The
little miss used to pass on her way to
school the er.gine house at 510 Sacramento
street, still standing, then the home of
No. t>, the redoubtable engine of .tho
Knickerbocker Fire Company,-
Theie she used to stop and look with
longing eyes at the brass of the machine;
once she stopped and asked a question,
and the knowledge and bright interest she
cisplayc-d won the hearts of the firemen
of .No. 5, and she has held them to this
day. One of. the members of the com
pany then drove an omnibus for the old
People's line, and would often give tho
little would-be tlreman a lift on the way
to scho<^.
After this confidential basis was estab
lished the fire bell would never ring at
any hour hut the men of No. 5 knew thSit
Lillie Hitchcock would be on the streets
somewhere, watching for them. They all
grew to have a great interest and pride
in their young comrade, and as the years
went on tht attachment increased and
has never decreased on either side.
This continued for some years and the
little girl had grown to the threshold
of sweet sixteen perhaps, when it is said
a gallant lireman. a dashing young fel
low, showed symptoms of having designs
upon the heart of "the daughter of the
fire laddies." Then she was promptly
sent to join the o,ther girl, who had been
missing all the tires for bo long a timo
at the San Joce convent.
' But this girl, who hunted and rode like
a boj- on her father's ranch at St.- He
lena, and handled a gun with the best of
them, was not the young person to en
dure such seclusion without a protest.
She vtry promptly tried the method of
starving herself. This succeeded, and she
was brought home to the Occidental Ho
tel, where her parents were then living.
As she grew nearer to the estate of a
full-fledged young lady, her interest 4 n
her "fireboys." as she called them, grew
to be more and more a part of her llfo.
She kept her fireman's hat and belt upon
a hook or any other convenient p!*Cl
of furniture in her room where ehc coul'l
snatch it up and be off at the first sound
of the fire alarm. More than that, she
secured a badge permitting her -within
the lines at a fire.
It was a hobby carried to extremes
with her, perhaps, but in thcee days it
was considered the thing for ladles to be
honorary members of fire companies. The
Sansome hook and ladder was a grand
affair, numbering- among its members all
the your.g bloods of the town. When they
Kave a grand ball at Music Hall It wai
a social event Ions; to be remembered.
"Number 4" carried for many years on
their engine in parades an apron of red
white and blue silk thrown to them one
Fourth of July by a lady whom they
cheered for wearing it.
On August 17, 1S63. a member's fee of
S100 was paid by the chairman of a meet
ing of the members of Knickerbocker
Engine Company No. 5. at which Lillie
Hitchcock was formally made an honor
ary member cf the company. The amount
of the fee was contributed afterward by
the members of the company and re
turned to the chairman, j That v.*as an
event which she who was thus honored
looks back upon as one cf the pleasant
est of her life, and the anniversary of
which has been suitably recognized by
her ever since. On Christmas day, 1S63,
a beautifully engrossed certificate of
membership, costing the company $90,
was piesented to "the daughter of the
fire laddies" In her mother's rooms at the
Occidental Hotel by Assistant Foreman
Stephen Bor.r.cr of No. 5, who is now ser
geant of noMce here.,
This trade her more than even the idol
of No. 5, and if she could not go to a
fire with them In any other way, she
would often take a carriage and have thf
engine ropes attached to it, and then bid
Ihe driver in her hearty way: "Get up
and drive lil:e a good one, John-" And
off to the fire they would go, the car
riage first, like a triumphal chariot in a
rece, the engine and the cheering fire
men rt-Bhing along in its wake.
The one or two firemen who are left
alive as original members of Knicker
bocker Company No. 5 never tire of tell
ing the story of how one night, when a
SAN FRANCISCO'S FIRST
FIRE LASSIE
bie fire was blazing at^Post and Mar
ket streets, Lillie Hitchcock came flying
up the street, distancing her esoort, an«i
clad In evening dress and opera cloak,
fresh from her box at the Grand Opera
house. Eho wanted, a frolic and she got
It. She insisted that she be allowed to
hold the hose pipe, If only for a moment.
The firemen could refuse their loyal com
rade and •well-wisher nothing, whensud
denlv the nlr chamber of the englm>
burst, and. the "flrewoman," clad in pur
ple and fine linen, was thoroughly
drenched. » -.
But that was a small happening to this
most original of women, who was always
hale fellow well met in her manner to all
her friende. Even as a girl she had a way
of meeting- a fireman, slapping him on the
back cordially and Pinging out to him.
"Why. hello, Jim, how aro you?" Many a
time if even the humblest member of her
beloved No. 5 got into any trouble she
was ready to help him, even to paying a
fine if need bo, though she was never al
lowed to do so.
Many a time too at a fire, after the
firemen'? duty was done, did she have
coffee and eatables furnished for them at
her expense at a nearby restaurant. Her
interest extended to the families of the
men. and many hava been the thoughtful
and kind acts they have on record of her.
Thoughtfulness had always been one of
her characteristics, and all her favor*
were done In no niggardly way, from the
flowers for the 3ick girl, sent In a hand
some ccse as a keepsake, to the generous
check sent as a Christmas gift for a sick
"fire laddie."
In 1£G3, Lillie Hitchcock was married to
Howard Colt, a fine looking young fellow,'
afterward crier to the Board of Brokers.
Owing to parental opposition they were
married secretly in this city, and then
went to New York to visit friends. But
with her marriage she did not lose her in
terest in fires and her beloved "No. 5," and
on her wedding day she wore the
small JeweieU pii:, a number five in dia
monds, which no one ever remembers see
ing her without, at home or abroad. In
her diary and on her letters she always
signed her name thus: "Lillie Hitchcock
Colt — 5." For years after her husband's
death, which took place many years ago,
Mrs. Coit lived with her mother at the
Palace Hotel, where the boys of No. 5
always found a warm welcome.
Always on the occasion of anhlversary
or other parades, "the daughter, of the fire
laddies" would appear at her window, clad
in her fireman's coat and hat, and give
the salute to the tramping boys below.
One of tho most prominent decorations of
her drawing room was a large painting
representing the world. On the top of
the globe cat the '"daughter of the fire
laddies" in a fireman's scarlet coat, and
reaching out from everywhere were men
with wine glasses in their outstretched
hands, offering the toast, "To the one wo
man in the world." Some of the most
prominent citizens of San Francisco of
that day were recognisable In the paint-
Ing, which was presented to Mrs. # Coit. A
suitable verse of presentation was written
below the picture. .. ".'
At the yearly banquets of "No. 5" Lillie
Hitchcock would always honor the boys
with at least a brief presence and if that
were Impossible, no matter where In the
world ehe might do, she sent a floral token
of her thought and a letter beginning:
"Dear Number Five."
But engine "Number 5V and her be
loved da'jjrhter nre widely separated now.
Lillie Hitchcock Colt is in Paris and is not
in good health, while the onco busy en
gine is living :t life of honnruble idleness
at Petalumft, having been rbld to that
city many years ago. where it nlso saw
some active service. All that remain of
the sixty-five men who wern at different
times on tho roster of Number S aro about
thirty-three men constituting tho Knick
erbocker Engine Company Association,
with headquarters at the rooms of the
Veteran Firemen's Association on Fourth
street : : '. ■
Perhaps the two most cherished object*
.in the possession cf thepo remaining
"Knickerbockers'; are the large gilt bust
of Lillie Hitchcock presented to the urhd
clation eight or ten years ago by Dr, Mac*
allister, and the time-stained, cracked o.'l
painting of the old engine itself. ,
The Knickerbocker Engine Company
No. 5 was organized on October 17. 1S50.
by New Yorkers, Whence it received its
name. Harry Wheeler, E. B. Vreeland
and P. Burns arc the r nly men how living
who belonged to the company in the first
year or so after its organization. James
H. Cutter, a New Yorker who then had a
store on Front street, was the prime or
ganizer and the first foreman of the com
pany.
They must have been great lady-killers,
those firemen of the early days, for one
may read on their records of 1853 of their
sending an immense bouquet together with
their good wishes to "Kate" Hayes, the
favorite concert singer of the time. The
lady sent back a very pretty note which
was framed as a memento, and now hangs
on the walls at the Association rooms In
1S51 occurred the big fire that swept «ro
much before it, and the engine house of
Number 5, then on Merchant street, was
burned. ;',•:..'■ • -
Then they went to the engine-house on
Sacramento street. , whence dates their
adoption of the "daughter of the fire
laddies."
"No. .5" is a side-stroke engine built
by James Smith of New York and sent
to the waiting "Knickerbockers" by way
of Cape Hern. The second engine in the
service of the company was also a Smith
engine, called, the "silver engine," and
was afterward sold to Carson City, i
Knickerbocker Company No. 5 was dis
banded on May U, 1S58, by. the Board qf
Supervisors for disobeying the orders of
the Chief Engineer of -the Fire Depart
ment, F. E. R. Whitney. The company
employed Messrs. MeDougall and Sharp,
crack lawyers of the day, to defend them,
THE SUNDAY CALL.
ana took the matter. Into court. Judge
Norton decided that the Board of Dele
gates of the Fire- Department, a govern
ment body, was the only body having
authority to disband them. They were
out of service for two or three weeks and
deprived of engine-house and appurten
ances. But. for two year3 afterward they
continued contrary, and had to pay all
their own expenses and do everything
themselves, even to greasing their own
hose, on account of refusing to recognize
Whitney, :for whom they had some ob
jection..
In 1S54, the company, 110 strong; visited
Sacramento, taking along engine No.. 5
and a band. In 1855 No. 1 of Sacramento
retarned the visit and was entertained in
San Francisco. • '• .
.In the election, of Chief Engineer David
Scannell, in I860 the company cast a full
vote, numbering sixty-five, the only com
pany known to cast a full vote. In Sep
tember, Stephen Bunner, now sergeant
of police, who was then second assistant
foreman of the company, was presented
by J. H. Reynolds with a handsome gold
front, with a resolution from the com
pany praising his activity and faithful
ness in service, and, above all, his temper
ate habits.' . , -
Knickerbocker Engine Company No. 5
once challenged Howard Company No. 3
to play a match against them for $500
S&i'jfiSHgi
Jmm®Bk
to $1000 a side, half forfeit. The Howards
were afraid to meet the doughty Knick
erbockers, and got out of it, whereat the
papers of that day came out withca-
toons representing the Howard boys as
old women in a big wash-tub and tho
lads of No. 6 dressed as devils, with a
big hose pipe washing them overboard
On September 19, 1?K>. the members of
No. 5 presented W. B..Pairman, the last
retiring foreman, with a handsome gold
watch and chain. • E. B. Vreeland and E.
J. Chase arc the two surviving foremen
of the company. "
On December 30. 1S66, the gallant No. 5
and her men went out of active service.
It is a remarkable fact that from the
w
ranks of Knickerbocker Engine Company
No. 5 have been furnished men who nave
filled almost every prominent position
within the gift of the people, with the
exception of President of the United
States and Vice President. Some of the
members thus honored are, as follows:
John McDougall. Governor and United
States Senator: Dr. S. R. Harri3. Mayor,
and later Coroner; Treasurer, William il.A
Talmage; Supervisors— A. H. Tltcoxnb/rajl
miliarly called "Doc"), T. McCarty, Ja«9
Kenny, Joe Roberts and Messrs. FalrnuHj
Reynolds and Flaherty; H. O. "WorthinB
ton, Congressman and State Senator: CcfiH
or.er, Horace Kent; AsgemblymwW
Messrs. Reed and Chase. ITHE LITTLE JAP AND HER DOLL
Have you ever heard of that
bit of a dell, "The Happy
Womsn"?
And then of the fat small
man, the "Darama," who ha#
to work to get his eyesP
Then there is the "Polite
Boy," and "Fukoruku Jin,"
with a largs head; and "Kap
pa,*' with the tody of a mon
key and head of a snake; and
queer little "Sohjr'; and— ever
so many snore besides.
EveTy cne cf them lias a his
tory that dates back to legen
dary times.
Here are odd little stories cf
funny images from the land
of sunshine and flowers.
FOE apes and ages since th? time- of
the flood and before, throughout
all the wcrld and most Hkely on
the planets as well, there has
dwelt superstition. From primi
tive man of the most polished product
of the twentieth century there are little»
foibles and fancies, good and evil omens,
lucky days, charms and love potions, but
It retrains with Japan, that quaint
country of the tar East, to excel In myth
ological lore and present day fancies. .
Miss Helen Hyde, the young California
artist, who has just returned from a two
years* residence under the Dragon flag:,
ias brought with lr?r an extensive mf
nagwie cf raythnlofrical *> mbols. "Dara
xnas.~ "Monotarcs." "Rappy Women'
tnd "Kltsumes." and if she puts the
proper seasoning In the rice disks and
offers to them the sa3ce cup with respect
ful frequency she will, in return for her
loyalty, be assured long life, grrat
■wealth, much happiness and all manner cf
desirable things. In her studio, fresh
from the packin.gr of rice strain on tables
and shelve*?, hanging on strings. suspen<i
ed from bamboo poles, as these gods arcs
■wont to lire in their native land, are mar.y
<jueer people of folk lore, most of them
representing friendship, gifts acquired
«3urinir the time spent in the land of the
wistaria arid almond flavor.
One of the most familiar symbols, also
the most desirable. Is that of the "liappy
Woman-'" This little creature of wood,
<iresEed in a gorgeous kimono, is sup
posed to symbolize supreme happiness.
though she looks anything but joyful her
self, for her head, which is on a wire,
droops forward and wobbles about in the
inojt unbeautiful way. just as though the
sainUy so-al were looking around for trou
ble, but she evidently is all right in her
intentions, for she is generally hung up in
a. conspicuous place in candy shops, sweet-
TTT?t rtores and bakeries. Even the man
■who sells shaved ice witli mulberry syrup
has the happy woman dangling from a
rib of his eun trmtrrrlla. and however far
away a tourist may l>*. should he h«ppcn
to see this symbol swinging in the breeze,
lie may make up his mind that he is near
& riai"** Tch*r» there are good things to
cat.
Ajjothsr popular little person in folk lot e
land is the "Darama," a nice little fat
man m painted red. He might be consider
ed Quite handsome were it not that he
looks rather worried over the fact that
h« has to earn his eyes. The heartless
manufacturer sends these good natured
•"Daxam&s" into the cold world without an
«T« to see what is groins: on. but when
they axe bought and hung over the en
trance to a business house, they are given
a chance. First the proprietor has a
<Tziet conversation, in which he informs
th<* symbol that should he get to work at
once and bring many "sens" to the house
he Trill some time give him an eye, so with
a reward of even lopsided vision in view,
the "Darama" immediately surrounds the
place with good Influences, then after so
xnaay months have passed, if business has
Improved in the meantime, a nice eye of
becoming shade is painted in, then cumes
more months of work and waiting an<l
much patience is credited to this little guJ
■priio has to earn his other eye.
By the time he has th<»m both, the little
fellow is supposed to become so attached
to his benefactor that he will work on,
for countless ages without any more hope
of reward. It is not an unusual thing to
find a confirmed one-eyed "Darama" over
shops where Dame Fate has refused to
smile. In most business houses and In the
hands of the children can f>e. found th-j
"polite boy." This little figure of a kneel
ing Jap, with a fan in his hand and an
obtrusively prosperous look on his fat
face, is ' the symbol of the Japanese pro
verb ""Politeness in all dealings will pay.
and in the long run diplomacy will always
win out." From earliest infancy the chil
dren are given this "polite boy" to play
with and are taught the wisdom of diplo
macy.
Another little image, which can be.
bought Ict a few sen (one sen is an Amer
ican one-half cent), is "Fukoruku Jin."
a small man with a very large head and
a high intellectual forehead. This growth,
which gives such a grotesquely wise ex
pression to this very important • god, is
due from much complex thought as to
exactly sit which house he will have hid
right hand man, "the soul catcher." stop,
for he is the god of longevity and com
mands "in his native la.nd much respect,
for should any one hurt his feelings in
the least he will out with his little hatchet
at once and lop off a good man in his
prime, so the s-pirit of "Fukoruku Jin"
requires many cups of "sake" set before
him during the year to keep him t in an
amiable mood.
Then there is the "Kappa," with (he
body of a monkey and the head of a ser
pent- This "Kappa" ia an excellent thing
from ona. point of view, for according
to the statistics of Japan very fev.- deaths
from drowning are recorded, the main
reason being that this "Kappa" lives in
the water and is ever on the lookout for
nice tidbits, preferring little boys and
THE SUNDAY CALL.
girls that venture near pools, of water In
search , of tadpoles. If they .take along a
cucumber, however, and throw it into the
water he will not- be quite so ravenous,
but the wisest plan, and the one most uni
versally: Observed by the children, is to
keep well-out of his reach.
The "Sohji" in his own kingdom is - an
influential myth. He is the god of Bac
chus, and with his long shaggy red beard
and. flying locks, of hair delights in gath
ering up the victims of over-indulgence.
He is always, on hand at picnics and pub
lic gatherings where "sake" is taken, and
he also has a propensity'to lurk about the
corners of : the dining-room to see if he
can grab ; an over-greedy soul. His long
arms are knotted with muscles, developed
from long use In taking his victims to
his lair by the sea where he turns them
Into Imps or something. The Japanese
are a little dense on just what the "Sohji"
does with these folks that he flies' away
with, but . they know that hone of them
ever return 'to tell the tale.
Then in the toy stalls are dragons,
horned and unhorned, with serpents' bod
ies, deer horns, hawk claws and fish
scales. -The. nice part about these -is that
they come in colors so one can, should his
esthetic soul require v It, have a dragon
to match his kimono, green, violet, red,
yellow, black and white. The violet dragon
is about the most desirable, for while the
others are 'likely to kill babies and spit
flre about, where fire is not wanted, the
violet (dragon is credited only with drop
ping balls of pure crystal from his forked
tongue. The young. dragons are supposed
to- sing, so on nearly all musical instru-
mtnts or anything that emlt3 a sound of
harmony a dragon Is painted or engraved.
•There is a tiger cat, with a large brist
ling mustache, which "extends several
inches each side of its puffy cheeks.* Leary
looking eyes and a raking expression in
general has this tiger cat, for. his head
is on a spring which extends, giving a
most life-like appearance to tho burlesque
on that most graceful animal. The
"Monotaro," or "peacbling," the little
boy who, when a poor man with no chil
dren walked under a peach tree fell to
the ground and emerged from the cracked
surface of the fruit, is "symbolized by a
peach body, boy's head, arms and feet.
This little fellow was taken home by the
man, who fed him milk and rice. Immedi
ately he showed great strength and In
tellect, was the means of bringing riches
to his adopted father and mother, and
Just before the tale ends he overcome*
the bad giant who lived on a treasura
island. "Monotaro" chopped off the head
of this monster, who kept his money all
to himself, took the treasure home, whera
he helped many poor people, and where
he was also much loved by horses and
dogs. Whole branches of these "Mono
taros" dangle from the toy stores and
they are nearly always in demand, for
they are visible advice to divide one's
riches and to be kind to animals.
The animated teakettle is one of the
mest popular of Japanese fa'ry tale3.
From this originated that trite saying "A
trmpcft !n a teapot." On many decorated
panels and friezes and in Japanese paint
ings the figure of this celebrated teaket
tle is seen with frequency. The story,
boiled down, goes something like this:
Sitting by his fire one night a good
priest, living in the of MorinJI,
was cooking his supp*er~of rice and tea;
the fire flickered and the kettle sang mer
rily as it hung over the coals. After the
ri^e was dispensed and the hearth cleaned
the priest sat warming his hands over
the blaze, when his eyes chanced to fall
on the teakettle and he saw that the
spout looked like a badger's nose. Blink
ing his eyes, he looked again, and saw
four hairy legs and a bushy tail. Then
this compound of half-flesh, half-metal
Jumped off the hook, capered about on th*
floor, beat a tune- on his metal body,
scampered over shelves, books, etc., and
made such a commotion generally that
the good priest was frantic. The next day
he sold the kettle to a tinker, who, hav
ing an original turn, hired a press agent
and heralded the *news about the land
that he would give a novelty — a grand
teakettle- performance.
People through curiosity came from fay
and near to see the wonderful kettls.
which walked on tho tightrope, danced
jigs and drummed on his body to the de
light of everybody. The tinker grew rich,
and retired, the badger died, but the ket-
Lle can be seen to this day, preserved In
one of the temples, and the tiny counter
parts cf it are popular toys with the lit
tle brown men.
But the quaintest of all, and tha
most unique custom, is the presentation
of the "puppy cats," so named
by Mis3 Hyde because they resemble both
a puppy and a kitten. Not being able to
supply the right name, a compromise was
made and "puppy cat" It Is, with a dear
little, v/ise-looking face. These symbols
*re supposed to bring good luck, health
and great Intellect to the house, and
wherever a home is honored with tha
birth of a child friends throughout tha
province come with offerings of puppy
cats. Tiny ones an inch long are sent by
the children, but grave old philosophers
present the animal in its supposedly oris
iir.fi! size— about a foot high.
Then there ar© the fete day toys and,
New Year's gifts. Long bamboo branches
with green and gold, much befeathered
little disks hanging therefrom— are car
ried about from house to house. Some
times the children put on dragon masks
over mischievous looking faces and so
about New Year's morning with these of
ferings. Into the house they prance, with
out knock or greeting, jump and caper
about, until a rln— about a twentieth of a
cent — Is offered them. Then they leave »
lucky wand and depart on their way to
the next residence.
On fete days men and women Join m
the most popular game of battledoor and
shuttlecock. Dignified business men with
their Ion? silk kimonos, little doll-faced
women, looking like gorgeous butterflies
in their violets and yellows, gather on
the lawn and enter into the game with
great enjoyment. As a forfeit for losing
is a smirch of black on the face. It is
quite amusing to see an unlucky player
with the criss-crosses marring his fea
tures. The battledoors used are elaborate
affairs, most of them being decorated
with symbols of patriotism, old-time war
heroes being most popular.-
While In Japan Miss Hyde mastered
the Japanese language, that is, enough
of it to carry on conversation, and this
was the cause of much satisfaction to
her little maid Toyo and the boy Uchl
yaraa. Toyo had much poetry In her little
Oriental heart, and when Miss Hyde of
fered-her a present just before she sailed
for home Toyo made a happy reply that
is too pretty to be lost. Going to a little
mirror that had been much used, sha
said a3 she salaamed, touching her
smooth little forehead to the floor, "It i3
tfii3 that I prefer, for in It has been mir
rored your face which I love and tha
faces of your friends whom 1 admire."
So declining the more costly present little
Toyo preferred the one that would bring
her the most tender recollections. If
that is net poetry, it is something far
more rare. One should be tempted to>
steal a maid capable of making such a
# reply. >
Uchiyama also gave proof of his devo
tion, for he insisted that the household
goods of Miss Hyde" be not sold. "Let
us store them," he requested. "But,"
said she. "it may be years before I re
turn." However, Cchiyama Insisted, say
ing that ten or twenty years might pass
and yet the goods would be safely await
ing her. So, the last vision of her beau
tiful little home ln>NIkko is peopled with
the faithful Toyo and Uchiyama packing
the mats, jars, stools and dishes which
are to repose peacefully in the "godown"
(cellar) until she shall return to claim
them. *
1112
IN writing "Rosalynde's Lovers" Mau
rice Thompson gave full rein to that
kindly geniality so characteristic of
his poetical nature. This last work
of his is so absolutely unlike "Alice
Of Old Vincennes" that comparison in any
nay is impossible. "Rosalynde's Lovers"
is fiction pure and simple, and really a
charming little idyll lengthened out to the
proportions of a long short story. 4ts pur
pose is to interest and amuse, with noth
ing mere than a clever motif perfectly
developed.
To lay hare the plot of the story Is to
invite at once the criticism of improba
bility, but although the novelette reads
like a fairy tale, yet it is so well written
that the question of probability in plot
is ihe la?t point that would suggest itself
to a reader. "Resalynde's Lovers" has
the. same kind of clever surprise In the
endinsr that made "Marjorio Daw" and
"Prudence Palfrey" such favorites in
their day. For an idle hour of amuse
ment it is undoubtedly one of the beet
books of the season.
Fr^erick Breyton is of the handsome,
fond and wealthy that one "reads about
in books"— in fact, even there he is a rare
specimen! As ho comes to the little vil
lage of Hawford he tills more nearly the
role of an up-to-ilate fairy prince than of
any other character approved in fiction.
Like ail pood fairy princes, he travels in
itJgElto as far as his powers for doing
£'>od are concerned.
He is wheeling along the Hawford turn
pike at a lively gait as the story opens.
Mis rapid speed is for two reasons — first,
Ik cause a thunderstorm i? about to
break, and second, because he hopes to
overtake the delightful vision of a fair
ar^ graceful bicyclist that has suddenly
appeared to him at a bend of the road.
TiSr. Breyton's two reasons for speed bring
Oisastcr, for his careless riding throws
turn from his wheel. He has barely time
Lo pick himself and his bike up and rush
uiider the protection of a friendly bridge
;i.- the storm breaks.
This is a real old Hastern storm and the
thunder is so frightful that Mr. Breyton
is not surprised to find a pair of arms of
a terrified young woman thrown around
his neck as the result of an especially
l'jud crash.
Of course this Is the girl he lost from
r-'ght as he foil. She. too, had sought the
l-ridjre for a sheltering roof. And. of
«oursc. an acquaintance so romantically
1 "gun could hardly be allowed to end at
the bridge. Tin? fair maid is Rosalynde.
{>he makes her escape by a ruse imme
diately upon the cessation of weather hos
islities and Breyton finds nimself alone
v,iih a dainty kerchief, a red pocket-book
f.nd a tinpling sense of a beautiful young
v.^rnan's arms still around his neck.
With the material evidence of handker
rhief and book in his possession it is a
i-implc matter to trace the fair owner.
Breyton discovers her living with her
c:a:idfather— a candidate for Governor in
tlie coming election, with a poor chance
of cilice on account of his poverty. More
oves-, he finds that Rosalynde is engaged
Vm Alfred Beyle; a young fellow with a
.slight deformity of one leg, but still very
ha ndsomo.
Mr. Thompson nuts his hero above the
ordinary and into the class of fairy
princes at once by having him instruct
hi.-j bankers to secretly place at the
<rraiiUit;thcr'.« disposal 513,000 for his po-
Jitical campaign, and to the account o*
Hayie S'/t'jy for tho purpose of studying
crt in PstLs. Neither of the recipients
lias ii:i i<ica as to the donor of his
;,ift. but Jaior H&jie realizes ihat Brey
ton !s probably a.t ths bottom of his good
fortune.
llayle goes abroaO. but soon finds that
lie has no ger.ius and so merely remains
Jong enough to have his deformity taken
away by the clever knives of the Paris
Burgeons. Jn the meantime Breyton, by
an accident, has been thrown much in
Ihc company of Rosalyndc and has finally
told her of his love. She, however, is
true to her troth, and for a time ft cer
tainly appears that the fairy prince must
resign himself to a lovelorn old age.
It is then. that Mr. Thompson's higcnu-
Ity comes to the fore and saver, the day.
By a photograph and a girl cousin who
hears a most striking resemblance to
RosalymSc the author manages to give
I:i3 story a pretty turn of "live happy
ever afterward." We have not told
whether Breyton marries Rosalynde or
her cousin— that is too good for any one
to tell but Mr. Thompson. He works out
tlie problem most satisfactorily and de
lightfully: all without a villain, without a
drop of blood spilled, and yet with every
page of intense interest
"Rosalynde's Lovers" is. of its kind, a
grem. It shows the master hand of po
etical prose and is as pretty a love story
as one could wist) to read. The dainty ex
pression of pure and refined sentiment
shown in the closing paragraph of the
story but indicates the character of the*
whole book:
"We can go no further. Marriage Is
not the end of Jove, but' it is the true end
of a love etory; and this is only a love
Klory."
< Published by the Bowen-Merrill Com
pany, Indianapolis. Price$150.)
William McKinley.
"The Life-Work of William McKinley,"
by E. T. Roe. is a splendid specimen of
buok-making by the enterprising publish
ing house of Laird & Lee, Chicago. !
WRITERS
OF BOOKS
The work is a carefully prepared and
ably written history of events of world-
wide importance, amplified by the com
ments and eulogistic tributes of eminent
men in America and Europe, and- embel
lished by a large number of most inter
esting and tastefully executed pctures of
high artistic merit. It has evidently been
the aim of the publishers to record the
life story of Mr. McKlnley in a simple
and direct manner that will appeal to all
the people with the force and eloquence
by which Mr. McKinley knew so well how
to endear himself to his countrymen.
Even a hurried glance through the book
will impress the reader with three strik
ing features: first, the amount of solid
historical Information distributed through
all the .chapters, making It a book of
reference; second, the large number of
new, Interesting incidents about the Presi
dent's ancestry and life; third, th© careful
rounding out of each chapter in a way
that will surely leave a lasting impression.
The story of Mr. McKinley's life reads al
most like a romance, and through it all
runs that steadfastness of purpose, that
high moral courage and exalted patriot
ism, rarely equaled and never exceeded
in the history, of our public men. The
President/a own masterly description o£
the Spanish War and the negotiations pre
ceding and following it. his splendid maer
nanimlty toward the conquered foe, his
farsighted policy in the newly acquired
possessions, and bis famous reciprocity
speech at Buffalo, are models of American
statesmanship, and form a most valuable
part of the book. Mr. McKinley's noble
character, tender heart and rare- wisdom
and the grand lessons of Tils life for
young and old are splendidly set forth.
The work is not only a mine of informa
tion, but will prove exceedingly helpful
in moral education. It is , free from, all
sensational features, and will appeal to
the American youth of this and future
generations as an attractive record of a
noble Christian life, as citizen, soldier
and statesman. (Published by Laird &'
Lee, Chicago. Price 51 25.)
A Book for Girls.
In her book. "To Girls," Heloise Ed
wina Hersey has much to say that is
practical and of the greatest value to the
young girl. The book is written in the
form of letters and in a confidential tone,
illustrated by introducing fictitious per
sonages\as examples or types. The au
thor writes directly to those she would
benefit and very wisely has made no effort
to produce a work for the edification of
grown-ups. Her book is for young girls
with their educations and social life be
fore them and she appeals directly to
them in a friendly and convincing way.
The author has this to say regarding the
purpose of her work and the method that
sho uses: :S-O.V
"What I had to say fell naturally into
the fornj of letters. That form kept my
audience clearly before me in the person
of a single girl that needed counsel in
some exigency of'life. large or small.
"Half unconsciously I found myself ad
dressing two different types of girls. The
first, whom I shall address as Htlen, Is
the girl who. for one reason and another,
has decided not to go to college, but who
is finding, or has found, an education in
the better sort of bourdlns-srhoo!. I have
known this kind of girl most intimately
for fifteen years. I think her problems
are grave ones and I have found her meet
ing th^m with a seriousness and a high
purpose for which she often fails to get
credit. The other • letters are addressed
to Marcarct. tlie college Rirl. Of course
her position is not strictly a unique one,
and many questions which meet her mest
other c'.tIr as well.
"The subjects treated in the letters fall
into three divisions: the first of these is
th«» educational one. th» second the social
and the third concerns personal character.
These will constantly overlap each other;
but in the table of contents they have
been separated, as far as it was possible
to do so."
This book makes a very delightful holi
day present for thosr for whom it is in
tended and should well fulfill the author's
ambition to "give to some elrl a rav "f
light in perplexity or a thrill of courage
In weariness." (Published by Small, May
nard & Co., Boston.)
Three Holiday Books.
The Bowen-Merrill Company nf Indian
apolis have three very attractive hoiVs
on their holiday list. One of thfBe is th°
"Farm Rhymes" of James Whltcojnl*
Riley— those verses that ring so true of'
the soil and the fresh, pure air of coun
try life. The twenty-seven verses that go
to make up the contents of the book have
been eharmir.erly illustrated with country
pictures by Will Vawter. and the publish
ers have printed th<? whole on fine, heavy
paper and given the book a pleasing
cover. The price is $1.
A book that will delight the hearts of
the younger folk is "The Story of Live
Dolls." by Josephine Scribner Gates, il
lustrated with sketches and v/ash draw
ings by Virginia Keep. Nothing delights
a child more than to play that her pet
doll is endowed with life. This is what
the author has done in "The Story of L've
Dolls." She relates the splendid happeu
fnes on a certain June morning, -when
all the dolls in the village of CloverdaU;
came alive. The publ'shors have done
thpir part well; for Iho type is eb large
an<i olrar that any child who ran read at
all will have no trouble. , The cover Is
quite stunning withered and blac-K" cloth
and its white picture and lettering. (Price
II.)
"Dream Children" is another holiday
book that will make a pleasing present
for children from 7 to 13 years. It is
<>riHed ?»nd illustrated by Elizabeth B.
Browncll. The author's selection of both
matter and pictures is admirable. The
illustrations are half-tone reproductions
of photographs especially posed for this
edition. The matter has been selected
from the best known writers of all times
and countries, with the care that every
selection has to do with. the general cap
tion of "Dream Children.". There is "The
Little Match Seller," by Hans Andersen;
"The Snow Image." by Nathaniel Haw
thorne; "Little Boy Blue," by .Eugene
Field; -The Story of Cosettc and Her
Doll," by Victor Hugo; ,"The Barefoot
Boy," by Johri G. Whittier; part of "A
Christmas Carol," by Charles Dickens,
and about twenty-five other bits along the
same lines and equally good. - This book
makes as pretty and useful a holiday gift
as one could desire. The price is 95 cents.
"Boys of the Fort."
"Boys of the Fort," by Captain. Ralph
Bonehill, is a complete story in itself, but
forms the fifth volume of a line of works
issued under the general title of "Flag of
Freedom Series." This tale relates to
the ins and out of military life at one of
our Western forts of to-day, showing
what both officers and privates are called
upon to do, and what troubles the Indians
and bad men of that locality are still in
the" habit of making. The field is one
about which little has been written, al
though abounding in interest.
The young captain is a fine specimen of
the wide-awake American army officer,
yet he is no more brave and dashing than
are thousands of others, officers and pri
vates, who serve under our flag of free
dom. He Is trained to do his duty, and
he simply does it, regardless of possible
consequence. (Published by the Mer
shon Company, New York. Price $125.)
The Master Key.
A book which will interest boys who
have a liking both for fairy tales and for
the study of electricity is "The Master
Key," by L-. Frank Baum. The young
hero Rob Joslyn, cares for nothing, so
much as, for making experiments with
electrical machines. One day while Rob
is in his workshop he discovers by acci
dent the way in which to summon to him
the demon, of electricity. When tha
demon appears Rob is told that he may
have for three weeks the power of choos
ing three times a week any gift he may
care for. Among the things given Rob
is a mechanical device enabling its pos
sessor to sail through the air In any di
rection. The other gifts are no less won
derful. With their aid Rob enters upon
a series of thrilling adventures which can
not fall to arouse the interest of . any
young reader. ,
Mr. Baum has pictured electrical appar
atus which at present can exist only la
a fairy story, but his description of it
will give boys an idea of the marvels yet
to be accomplished by a further study
into the possibilities of electricity. The
book Is well illustrated by colored pic
tures. (Published by the Bowen-Merrill
Company, Indianapolis.)
.A New Series.
"With Washington in the .West" is the
first volume of a "Colonial" series by Ed
ward Stratemeyer. While Washington's
Revolutionary career has been employed
in all possible ways by writers, his earlier
life has received scant attention, notwith
standing its possibilities, Mr. Strate
meyer has woven into an excellent story
something of Washington's youthful ex
perience as a surveyor, leading on to the
French and Indian Hostilities, and the al
ways thi tiling Braddoek's defeat. The
hero, David Morris, is the son of a Vir
ginia pioneer several years younger than
Washington, with whom he becomes well
acquainted; as well as with Captain Law
rence Washington, the elder ■ brother of
the future President, and with Lord Fair
fax, the intimate fr.end of the Washing
ton family. The boys will be delighted
to follow Mr. Stratemeyer to a new histor
ical field, all the better for bejne; un
worked. There is plenty nf. military ex
perience and adventure, but tho story is
not till of war. Pictures of pioneer life are
given: scenes with friendly Indians en«l
old-time games. (Published by Lee &
Shepard, Boston. Price. $1 25.)
Jingleman Jack.
"Jingleman Jack" Is 'a book to dpltglit
the heart of the small boy; The rhymes,
by James O'Dea.'covc r'many of the call
ings, trades and crafts of Ihs day. ami
the illustrations by Harry Kennedy and
designs by Charles Costeilo form no smai!
part in making the book a most attrac
tive holiday volume. First we have • a
jingle to tiie gailorman, followed by one
to tho art!st, and then come in succes
sion the lumberman, bricklayer, farmer,
teamster, tailor, cobbler, miner, cowboy,
blacksmith,- fireman, miiler, engraver,
iton-molder. lawyer, glass-blower, hakcr.
cook, bridge-builder, printer — and so on
for some twenty-nine more. Each rhyme
lias its own full page picture inVoolors.
which brightens the book and will a'luro
thp youth into spending a few of his bu.->y
minutes in the qufet occupation of rpud
ingr and picture seeing instead of m'schiof
making. (Price ?1 25.)
nistory in Rhymes.
When a child's book s imparts ur-pfnl
knowledge and at' the same time enter
tains it is deserving- of special mention —
such a one is "History in Rhymes and
Jingles," that has just been published by
the Saalfie.d Publ shmg Company. The
rhymes and jing.es have bc-en writien bv
Alexander Clarence Fiick. Ph. D.. profifc
sjor of European history in Syracuse Uni
versity; and the illustrations ate by Carl
T. Hawley, B. P.. assoe ata professor of
rirawing In Syracuse University; Tlie pic
tures are cubital and the colored paver
%.:) prove very attractive to the youthful
mir.d.- The jii;g.ing tales that make up
the contents of tho book a-ru very c[ev
erty written. They have all it.e swing aiut
go of the old Mother Goose rhymes, with
the advuntage of imparting instruction in
stead of filling * trtH childish mind with
nonsense. (Price $1 25.)
Thoughts.
An attractive volume suitable, as a gift
book for Christmas has been published
by the ladies of th« Kabiola Hospital As
sociation. It is styled "Thoughts." Ab
its name suggests it is a compilation from
different authors whose works furnish
passages fitted for quotation. In choosing
the different selections the editors • have
shown a wide catholicity of taste. Th?
authors represented range from those of
bygone centuries to others who are living
in our midst. But as genius and wisdom
are of no partit-ular age or place one
reads with equal pleasure the selections
from modern writers and from the tra
ditional teachers of antiquity. The vol
ume js bound in an attractive way. (Pub
lished by The Dodge Publishing Company,
New York. .Cloth Jl 25. Leather $2.)
Inglenook Tales.
An attractive set of eight books in uni
form binding is issued by Eaton & Mains,
Boston and San Francisco. Each volume
contains a short story, well Illustrated;
The tales are simple but Interesting and
are suited to the taste of young children
who have begun to feel an interest In
written stories. The set comprises the
following volumes: "When the River
Rose." by Jane Ellis Joy; "Ruby. Pearl
and'Diamond." by Emma S. Allen; "The
Little Maid of Doubting Castle." by Mary
K. Q. Brush; "Rosey Posev's Mission."
by I-ouIse R. Baker; "Beppino," by Fel
fcia Buttz Clark: "The TlDstalrs Family,"
by Mrs. O. W. Scott; "Tommy Tucker,'*
by J. C. Cowdrlek; "The Minister's
Twlnf." by Frank E. Graeff. (Price per
set, $2 40.) • , -
"Randy's Winter."
"Randy's Winter," by Amy Brooks, is
as pleasing a story. for girls as' "Randy's
Summer," which was so well liked last
season. Like the former book, It is made
doubly attractive by a goodly number of
Miss Brooks' own efforts in book illustra
tion. Randy is now fifteen and cunning
little Prue big enough to attend school for
the first time.. All the Interesting char
acters, of the earlier book arc present., a
leading one, of course, being Miss Dayton,
the noble young lady from the clty.-who
did so much to awaken a better, life and
thought in tHie community, i The - atmos
phere of kindheartedness, , loyalty • and
wholepcme influence cannot be too highly
commended. (Published by Lee & Shep
ard, Boston. .Price $1.) ,
Kids of Many Colors.
"Kids of Many Colors." by Grace Duffle
Baylan and Ike Morgan, is a book which
will appeal to children who like bright
jliigles and fantastic pictures printed in
gay colors. It describes in rhymes.' which
are illustrated by suitable drawings, chil
dren of . all nations, from the • American
boy playing soldier to the child of Egypt
and Lapland. The illustrations are just
the sort to please \ a young child, while
an older one will find here lessons in ge
ography presented in an. agreeable, form."
(Published by Jamieson-Hlgglns Com
pany, Chicago.)
A Boy of Old Japan.
R. Van Bergen, the well-known author
ity on Chinese and Japanese matters," has
told the story of the awakening of Japan
by tracinp the life of a boy born just
previous to the introduction of the leaven
THE SUNDAY CALL.
of Western ideas: an actual boy, by the
way. and a friend of the present Prime
Minister, I to, who also figures in the book.
Japanese home life is described, and the
great change that came to Japan is told
In connection with the growth to manhood
of the boy hero. The illustrations are re
produced in all their exact tints. ("A Boy
of Old Japan." Published by Lee & Shep
ard, Boston. Price $125.) .
Jessica's Triumph.
In , "Jessica's Triumph," by Grace Le
Baron, the little heroine," Jessica, has al
ready appeared in "Queer Janet." and will
be remembered as the sweet and modest
littre sister of Jerry Fltzpatrlck, who be
comes a famous singer. Her sister Jessie
proves no less talented and successful in
another form of art, and Is just such a
character as all like to have succeed. Per
haps the most charming feature of the
book is the Influence which the noble little
Jessie has upon Cora Glyndon. more
highly favored by birth, who has also been
met before. There are good times in
abundance, and through it all is felt the
elevating influence which Grace Le Baron
knows how to exert without ever making
it too pointed to be wearisome. (Published
by Lee & Shepard, Boston. Price, 75c.)
Only Dollie.
"Only Dollie," by Nina Rhoades, is a
brightly written story of a girl of 12 who
when the mystery of her birth is solved,
like Cinderella, passes from drudge to
better circumstances. There is nothing
strained or unnatural at any point. AH
descriptions or portrayals of character
are lifelike, and the book has an appeal
ing quality which wins sympathy. (Pub
lished by Lee & Shepard, Boston. Price
$1.)
Her Majesty Alexandra, Queen Consort of England, With
Her'Hussion- Wol hound Champion "Alex."
Uy.the Courtcry of Her Majesty. Copyrighted by H. TV. Huntlncton, 1001.
The Illustration ahovc is one cf a great number of fine half-tone reproduc
tions that form no small part of a valuable book by IT. W. Huntlngton —"The.
LIiow Dos:." Mr. Huntingtcn is the late President of the National Greyhound
Club of America, and is also the author ot "My Dcg and I.". He ha3 his sub
ject at his linger tips and this last volume will be highly'appreciated by all lov
ers of the blue blood canine. The book 13 devoted to describing the cardinal vir
tues and objectionable features of all ths breeds of dogs from the.show ring
standpoint, with the. mode of.treatment of the dog both in health and sickness.
It is of the greatest help to the fanc.er. First—by the aid of a fine half-tone
illustration from life.of a typical dog, he in shown the proper conformation of
the breed concerning which he desires enlightenment. Here is an optical illustra
tion which is most potent in enabling: him to form a proper idea of the breed un
der consideration. Next—he is given the standard as adopted by the Specialty
'Club, which is supposed to minutely and scientifically describe in comprehensive
language what the perfect specimen shuld be. . Then the author finishes with
what he terms "Comments," which is little else, than a description of what Is to
be avoided in the conformation of the animal, and the filling up of omissions in
the standard. The entire combination of "Do's" and "Dont's" should therefore
enable the fancier to avoid all the pitfalls that beset his path In passing judg
ment on a dog. Consequently there is nothing left for the reader to do but to thor
oughly "read, mark, learn, and Inwardly digest" all that has been set before him
"In language that is plain." "The Show Dog" is. handsomely bound in cloth,
the cover printed in two colors, and contains 244 parses, with 120 half-tone illus
trations from life of most famous dogs. (The book is published by H. W.-'HunC-"
ington, Providence, R. I. Price $2.00.)
Nonsense- Versss.
William S. Lord of Evanston, HI., has
published a jolly book for Christmas in a
collection of "Nonsense Verses" carefully
selected by Josephine Dodge Daskam.
There are funny things by Lewis Carroll,
W. S. Gilbert, Edward Lear, Guy Wet
more Carryl, Charles E. Carryl, Oliver
Herf ord. George i du \ Maurler and ; Gelett
Burgess. In fact these selections have
enough of nonsense and quaint conceit
about them to elicit fa giggle' from the
most wary. All - of - these rhymes have
been published before. The particular
advantage of the little book at hand is
that it brings the best' of these fantastic
jingles into one collection. . (Price 50c.)
Betty Sheldon.
In "Betty ; Sheldon, Patriot," by ■ Adele
E. Thompson^ Betty is a bright Connecti
cut girl, happily as industrious and filial
as sho is attractive. Her devotion to her
father, a captain in the Conttnentalarmy,
and' her' experience with . a Tory uncle,
who appears upon' the supposed, death of
her, father and takes her. to his' home in
Pennsylvania pretending to be her guar
dian, form the basis. 1 of the book. -His
'torlcal events are accurately traced lead
ing up to the surrender of Cornwallls at
Yorktown, with reunion and happiness
for all who deserve It. The, historical set
'ting of the story is strong and effective.
(Published by Lee & Shepard, Boston.
Price $1 25.),
A Jolly Cat Tale.
"A Jolly Cat Tale," -by *Amy Brooks, is
the fanciful account of an enterprising cat
family -who, after sundry endeavors to
wear clothing. like: real people,' conclude
that, their' own ■: fur garments, are best.
The fine illustrations and strikingly at
tractive cover help In making a unique
book for little folks and one that the older
members of the family will greatly enjoy
reading aloud to them. ■': (Published by Lee
& Shepard, Boston. Price $1.) ' '
Favorite Poems.
The Dodge Publishing: Company issues
in holiday garb a collection of poems
which have sung themselves Into the
heart of the ! peoplel Under the title, '.'Fa
vorite, Poems" there : have been gathered
together lyrics of all . sorts, from "The
Battle of Blenheim" and "The Cotter's
Saturday Night" to "The' May Queen"
and "The Raven." 'This collection will
please any one looking for old familiar
poems presented in: a dainty, attractive
form. . (Published by The Dodge Publish
ing Company, New York. Price $1 50.)
My Friend Jim.
"My Friend Jim," by Martha James. Is
a story of real boys and for them. The
loyal friendship springing up between Jim,
the son of a mechanic, and a wealthy
man's son who is at Sunnyside farm for
his health, has made the basis 'for some
of the clean, bright and helpful descrip
tions of boy life. The fun is rich and at
the same time kindness. to animals, man
liness and honor are taught in the truest
way. (Published by Lee & Shepard, Bos
ton. Price $L)
Lucy in Fairyland.
. "Lucy in Fairyland," by "Sophie May."
Is the sixth and last volume of the "Lit
tle Prudy's Children" series. "Lucy" and
"Bab" have become too well known to
the children of this country to need an
introduction, but among all their enter
taining experiences they never had such
ones as are allotted them in this latest
book, in which they climb to the moon,
make the acquaintance of Diana (or
"Mrs. Dinah," as the little girl calls her)
and have all kinds of delightful times
with the "moonlings" and various fairies
and sprites. The eight full page illustra
tions by Mr. Gebfert make this book spe
cially attractive. (Published by Lee &
Shepard, Boston. Price 75c.)
Alfred the Great.
Eva March Tappan, Ph. D., came to the
front last year with "In the Days of Al
fred the Great." Her present book, "In
the Days of William the Conqueror," has
the same historical accuracy, fascination
of style, and perfect, command of English,
all applied to a .no less Interesting sub
ject, and one whose career has influenced
us even more than did that of Alfred the
Great. (Published by Lee & Shepard,
Boston. Price $1.)
The Story of the Cid.
The ."Unconquerable Cid" is in too many
cases but: a, mere name, despite the fact
that his career is unique among the war
riors of .all time. Calvin Dill Wilson, a
well-known writer and reviewer, has pre
pared from Southey's translation, which
was far . too cumbrous to entertain the
young, "The : Story of the Cid," that will
kindle the. imagination of .youth ; and
entertain, and inform those of advanced
years. Mr. Kennedy's work as a historical
artist, already shown in, the books of Eva
March Tappan, adds much ' to the excel
lence of this book. (Published by Lee &
Shepard, . Boston. Price Jl 25.)
The Boy Donald.
"Boy Donald," by V'Penn Shirley,"- with
parrot,, monkey and, other elements of a
lively story pleased a large circle or read
ers last year, and now "'Boy Donald and
His. Chum," his little friend whom he
adopts as his "twin," cannot fail to en
large the circle of acquaintance. The per
fect naturalness of comradeship of the
"make-believe" twins, the funny acts
and bright ! sayings, and the high tone of
the. whole book and its character com
mend it to mothers looking for suitabie
books lor their little ones. (Published by
Lee & Shepard, Boston. Price 75c.)
Young Inventor's Pluck.
The hero of "A Young Inventor's
Pluck," by. Arthur M. Wlnfleld. is a
plucky young American lad. Jack Wll
llngton, who has been left by the death
of his parents to fight his own battles in
the world. He -first finds employment in
a factory town, but the 'works in which
he is employed shut down. Soon after-
ward the bank in which his savings are
deposited fails. To make matters worse,
a crime is committed In the town and
Jack is accused of it. But time rights Ms
wrongs and brings him a good reward
for his honesty and industry.'. (Published
by the Saalfleld Publishing Company.)
Calendars for 1902.
D P Elder and Morgan Shepard of San
Francisco have published a very orna
mental wall calendar for the new year.
The cover is a well executed , design m
red, black and gold formed ground those
sterling words of .Phillips Brooks Do
not pray for easy lives! Pray to b*
stronger men! Do rot pray tor tasKS
placed above it in suitable design. The
calendar is typographically and artistic
ally perfect, and should^ prove quite pop
ular as a charming New Year s -gitt.
Price $1
Another from the same PuW'f.l"" is a
funny little desk calendar of the Kontent
ed Kids." The usual slip for telling the
day of the month is attached to a gro
tesque bit of design showing the backs of
a loving couple as they sit siue by side.
Underneath we read:
Dayes may run like the "dooce,"
But wo won't worry — what's the use.
The priceof this one is 23 cents.
. ■ * * '■•
The 1902 Christian Year Kalendar (of the
Episcopal church) marks the twenty-sixtfi
year of its publication. Its lessons are
printed in a clear, bold type, and its Pages
are replete with new and sound churcn
teaching. It should prove of great assist
ance to Episcopalians, containing as it
does the holy days and seasons, table or
lessons, with historical facts, instructions
on rituals, ceremonies, liturgical colors
and decorations for the altar and chan
cel. The cover Is quite handsome, witn
its heavy white paper and its red, blue
and gold lettering. (Published by tha
Church Kalendar Company, 2 West Four
teenth street. New York. Price *7 20 per
dozen, $3 60 per half-dozen, single copies 7o
cents.) . ... ";."-.
Another church calendar of merit comes
from the Unitarian Headquarters. San
Francisco. It is a memorandum calen
dar, consisting of a pad of flfty-four
weekly pages, each headed with a literary
selection; the blank below is divided into
convenient memorandum spaces, with day
and date at the side. The cover is a
handsome design of pomegranates ana
leaves In crimson and green on a gold
background, with the legend in. black,
"God grant you many years of sunshine
days" printed on antique vellum." The de
signer of this leaflet is Mr3. Albertine Ran
dall Wheelan. well known as a clever il
lustrator. The price of this calendar is
60 cents.
Books for Children.
"Dear Days," by Armour Strong, is a
book for girls. It Is a well written story
of schoolgirl life in Washington and
pleases by the bright, faithful, picture it
presents of the joys and sorrows of a lit
tle group of young people. (Published by
Ktnry 'x*. Coatea «* «~o., .jehiladelphia..
"The King's Rubies," by Antoinette
Fuller, Is a s>..ory of tne adventures winch
beieii some Du> d and gins in America
tiir-jugn tneir presence in their iamiUes
oi two valuable ruoiea whicn had descenu
ed aa heirlooms trom a noole ancestor of
tntirs. 'me loss of the jewels witn their
subsequent recovery and the mystery this
bniiBa to ngni muKe up trie mam tnrea;l
at me tale. (.Published by .tieniy T.
Coaits & Co., Phnaueipnia. .Price $l.oO.)
"Two of the Best," by Dorothy Quig-
Jey, is a story that will be sure to inter
est boys. 'J.ne principal cnaracter in the
Look is a poor ooy, rtob. .uowen, wno is
worse thau orphaned. Kobert's father
is a harsn, sen.sn man who cares noth
ing whatever for . his son. - Tne boy's
mother died when he was an infant and
he grows up among rough people almost
uncared for. To make matters worse,
Kobert has a violent temper, wnich can
scarcely brook control. AV hile .Kobert la
yet a boy ho falls under the protection
of kind, good people, and slowly the good
in his character is developed, and the bad
crushed until he wins for himself the.
admiration and respect of all who know
him. Many of the scenes In the story are
laid in California, while the war In the
Vnilippines adds its share toward In
creabingi the drar-. -»c interest. (Pub
lished by E. P. Dutton & Co., New York.
Price $125.) t J . *
Two books which offer entertainment for
the Christmas season are "The Little Men
Play," and "The Little Women Play."
These are two-act plays from the fa
mous stories of Louisa M. Alcott. They
comprise in dialogue form an interesting
scene trom each book, and are Just. the
thing for little actors and actresses to at
tempt at a home festivity. The plays are
written by Klizabeth Lincoln Gould. (Pub
lished by Little, Brown & Co., Boston.
Price ilGc.) •
"Tho Childhood of Jishib the Ojibwa'.' is
a charming story of the early youth' of an
Indian who lived in Wisconsin when that
part of America was the home of the In
dians ami wild animals. Dr. Albert Ernest
JtnKs has brought such wide knowledge
of Indian lite and lore to the setting of
his story that the reader is made to fol
low the fortunes of the little hero with
a ke.en interest. (Published by the Amer
ican Thrcsherman, ivladison, Wisconsin.
Price *1.) :
« * •
A book too full of sensational and ab
surd incidents to be unreservedly recom
mended is : "Rescued by a Prince." by
Clement Kldridse (Captain Nautilus). The
prince in question is supposed to be the
eldest son of Napoleon the Third and in
this story he pla>"3 a role varied from that
of convict to hero. The main theme is
the capture of the little son of a sea
captain by cannibals and his subsequent
rescue by the son of Napoleon and others.
The book is tilled with descriptions of dis
asters and fighting. Variety of incident
is its onlvj distinction. (Published by The
Saalfleld Co., Akron. Ohio. Price $1.)
"The Billy Stories." by Eva Lovett. la
a collection of funny little tales supposed
to be told by a small boy to his mother in
order to make her unmindful of the time
when dreaded bed-time has arrived for
him. The author has. been successful in
imitating the tone of a child's attempts at
fiction. - Unfortunately the binder has
omitted . from the book several pages of
Billy's experiences with a boa-constrictor
and of his opinions about Napoleon. (Pub
lished by J. F. Taylor & Co., New York-
Price JL)
♦ ■ • * • ■. •
A very pretty story for girls is , "The
Colburn Prize." by Gabrielle E. Jackson.
The .two little heroines are schoolgirl
frierras who are the main competitors in
a contest for a watch which is to be
given to the girl who writes the best es
say. The way in which the prize is won
makes an interesting story, which has
been very well told. (Published by J. F.
Taylor & Co., New York. Price $1.)
A book for little friends of cats Is "Pus
sy Meow." by Louise Patterson. It is the
autobiography of a cat and has been writ
ten with a view to instilling in children an
affection for the feline race, which will
help win sympathy for them and for all
weak.defenseless creatures. (Published by
George W.. Jacobs & Co., Philadelphia.
Price 60c.)
"The Prize Watch," by Emily Guillon
Fuller, is the story of a prize given at
school, and of the Joys and sorrows which
competition for it brought to a group of
boys and girls. (Published by The Saal
fleld Co., Akron, Ohio. Price $1.)
"Winged Arrow's Medicine," by Harry
Castlemon, is a well-told tale of an In
dian massacre at one of the United States
forts In the West. Not alone Is the bar
barity of the Indiana shown, but the bet
ter side of their character as well. The
principal personage in the book is a young
officer fresh from West Point, who meets
with many thrilling experiences in a very
short time while he is stationed at the
fort. (Published by The SaaWeld Com
pany; Akron, Ohio. Price $1.) »
"Captain of the Crew." by Ralph Henry
Barbour, will delight boys who take an
interest in athletics. The book is full of
the interesting incidents which make up
the leisure time of boys at a large school •
while a boat race and its attendant cir
cumstances lead to a dramatic climax
(Published by D. Appleton and Co., New
York. Price $1.20.) '
"In the Days of Audubon," by Hezekiah
Butterworth. is a biography of the great
naturalist. It gives a dellghtfu. sketch
of Audubon's career and of the work
which he accomplished. It is in the form
of a story Interspersed with selections
from "Audubon's writings: The book will
delight all who have for birds and woods
something of the great love which Audu
bon borp them. (Published bv D. Appleton
&, Co., New York. Price $1 20.)
In "A Little Girl. In i cw Orleans,"
Amanda M. Douglas has related the fcjS
tunes of a French child of noble famrw;"
who fled from Paris during the revolu
tion with some relations ana found a per
manent home in America. .The heroine
meets with exciting adverrturea which do
not often fall to the lot of. children, but
In che end she finds a secure happiness
In the adopted country which she learns
to love. (Published bv Dodd, Meud & Co.,
New York. Price $1 &>.)
Two robins are the hero and heroine
of "Mr. Chupes and Miss Jenny." by Effie
Bignell. The birds were in the possession
of a kind mistress for rive years. Dur
ing that time they lived through the
simole little adventures which make up
the" record of their lives. (Fublisned by
The Baker & Tavlor Co.. Xew York.)
Nonsense rhymes and fantastic pic
tures make up "Junk." by Lean I.em
pert Jr. The book is intended to bp very
funny. While it is m>t as funny as it-w:i*
intended to be. it 1* yet amusing ennu^
to "au.se many smiles. (Published by c.
M. Clark. Boston.)
"l»ie brave struggles of a boy to sup
port himself form the story of "Lester'3
j^uck." by Horatio Alger Jr.. Lester in
left an orphan without money or influ
ential friends. His honesty, industry ami
cleverness prove to be his "luck." anl
before many years thev bring him a rich
reward. fPublisr-od by Henry T. Coatea
& Co., Philadelphia.)
story of a snng and the h.*J£J>v
events to which it pave rise is told \/ery
prettily in "The Spectacle Man." by
Mary F. Leonard. It is a sweet, whole
some story; interesting without belnjr
sensational. (Published by W. A. Wilde
& Co., Boston.) _.;V^ . .
"The American Boys' Life of "William
McKirley." by Edward Stratemeyer,
te.ls, in a way to appeat to the sympa
thy of young persons, yie story of tha
career of the late President. McKinley's
life with its devotion to the highest ideals
of American manhood presents Just th«
example to place before the boy who H
ambitious to ferve the best interests of
his country. (Published by Lee & Shep
ard, Boston.)
"In Asrard Stories." by Mary H. Fos
ter and Mabel H. Cummlngs, the deeds
of Odin Thor, "Baldur. the beloved sun
eod and the others who dwelt In th«
heavens of Asgnrd. are presented with a
simplicity and reality that cannot fall to
Interest and delie-bt children. • The book
should be enioved bv younjef people of all
ap-es for stories which nave b»en part
of the religious belief of a people must
hav In them nomethinjr which appeals
to th<* universal symnathy of mankind.
(Published by Silver, Burdett & Co., New
York. Price 36 cents.)
Books Received.
MOROAN'S MEX— By John Pr«ston Trna.
Little, Brown & Co.. Boston. $1 20.
M \IT)S AMD MATRONS OP NEW PTtANCSJ
By Mary Flfton Pepper. Little. Brown A
Co. Boston. $1 60. /
THE WORLD BEAUTIFUL IN BOOKS-*?/
Lilian Whiting. Little, Brown & Co.. Bosttn.
$1 00.
THE NIGHT SIDE OF NATURE— By Cath
erine Crowe. Henry T. Coates & Co., Phila
delphia.
RICHARD'S NAVIGATION AND NAUTI
CVL ASTRONOMY— By Eugen* L. Richards.
American Book Company. New York. »5 cents.
GRADEn WORK TN ARITHMETIC. SEV-
T.VTH TEAR — By 3 "W. Baird. American
Book Company, New York. 25 cents.
LE VOYAGE DE M. PERRICHON— By La
bfche & Martin. American Book Company.
New York. 35 cents.
MATA THE MAGICIAN— By Isabella In
galese. The Abbey Press. New York. $1 50.
"WHO ARE CRIMINALS? — By Henry George
Jr., The Abbey Press, New York. 25 cent3.
THE QUEST FOR THE EMPRESS— By Al
bert J. Klinck. The Abbey Press. New York.
50 cents.
A GT7MBO T-.IT-.Y — By Stella GUman. Ths
Abbey Press. New York. 50 cents.
FROM DEATH TO LIFE— By Harry
Marschner. The Abbey Press. New York.
?1 50. ,
JEWELS OF PASTE — By Sue Edwards. The
Abbey Press, New York. 50 cents.
STORIES OF COLLEGES — Told by not*d
graduates. J. P. LIpplncott Company. Phila
delphia, $1 20.
THE LIFTING OF A FINGER— By Ina Bre
voort Roberts. J. P. Lipptncott Company.
Philadelphia. j
THE BEST NONSENSE VERSES — Chona^
by Josephine Dcxl«e r>a3kain. William S. LoM,>
Evanston, 111. 50 cents.
RULES OF PROCEEDING AND DEBATE
IN DELIBERATIVE ASSEMBLIES— By
Luther S. Cushins- Henry T. Coates & Co.,
WHERE B THE SfGAR MAPLE GROWS—
By Adeline M. Teskey. R. F. Fenno & Co..
New York. $1 50.
LESTER'S LUCK— By Horatio Alger Jr.
Henry T. Coates & Co.. Philadelphia,
LOITERINOS IN OLD FIELDS — By James
B. Kenyon. Eaton & Mains. New York. SO
cents. , ' - • i /.■■
LESSONS IN PHYSICAL. GEOGRAPHY—
By Charlea R. Dryer. American Book Com
pany, New York. $1 20.
INGLENOOK TALES — A set of short stories
T'lbllshed by Eaton & Mains. New York. $2 40.
ILLUSTRATIVE LESSON NOTES — By Rev.
Thomas -Benjamin Neely. D.D.. LL.T>.. and
Robert Remington Doherty. Ph.D. Eaton &
Mains. New York. $1 25.
NATURE AND CHARACTER AT GRAN
ITE BAY — By Bishop Daniel A. Goodaell.
Eaton & Mains, New York. $1 20.
THE GREAT SAINTS OF THE BIBLE— By
Louis Albert Banks. Eaton & Mains, New
York. ?1 25. >V>*
EUGENE FIELD — By Slason Thompson.
Charlea Scribner's Sons, New York. 2 vols.
Set $3 CO. '*V
THE LETTERS OF MDLDRED'S MOTHER
TO MILDRED — By E.D. Price. J. S. Ogllvle
Publishing Company. New York. $1 00.
THE WOLVES OF THE SEA— By Herbert
Bashford. The "Whltaker & Ray Company.
San Francisco. $1 CO.
PANDORA — By Mrs. Salzschneider. Thg/
Whitaker& Ray Company, San Francisco5[
$1 CO. -"-•.
• THE SALT-BOX 'HOUSE — By Jane De For
est' Shelton. The Baker & Taylor Co., New
York. $150.
A MODERN ANTAEUS— By the author of
"An 'Englishwoman's Love Letters." Double
day, Page & Co., New York. $1 CO.
THYRA — By Robert Ames Bennet. Henry
Holt & Co.. New York. $1 50.
WHILE CHARLIE WAS AWAY— By Mrs.
Poultney Bigelow. D. Appleton & Co., New
York.
RESCUED BY A PRINCE— By Clement EI
dridge. The Saalfleld* Publishing Company,
Akron. Ohio. SI.
"WINGED ARROWS MEDICINE — By Harry
Castlemon. The Saalfleld Publlshins Company,
Akron, Ohio. »1.
TWO OF THE BEST— By Dorothy Qulgley.
E. P. Dutton & Co., New York. $1 25.
THE ORDEAL OF ELIZABETH— Published
by J. F. Taylor & Co.. New York. $1 50.
- THE GREAT WHITE WAY— By Albert Bie
elow Paine. J. F. Taylor & Co., New York.
|1 SO.
THE SCREEN— By Paul Bourget. J. F. Tay
lor & Co., New York. Jt.50.
THE BILLY STORIES— By Eva Lovett. J.
F. Taylor & Co.. New York. -$1.
THE COLBURN PRIZE— By Gabrlelle E.
Jackson. J. F. Taylor & Co., New York. $1.
THE STORY OF THE ART OF BUILDING
— By P. L. Waterhouse. D. Appleton & Co.,
New York. S5 cents.
UNDER THE SKYLIGHTS — By Henry V>.
Fuller. D. Appleton & Co.. New York. $1 50.
THE FRENCH PEOPLE— By A. Hassal. P.
Appleton & Co.. New York. $i 50. ,
DEItA DAYS— By Armour Strons. it Mr
T. Coates & Co.. Philadelphia. $1.
THE KING'S RUBIES— By Adelaide Fu!!.t
Bell. Henry T. Coates & Co., Philadelphia. $1.
DREAM CHILDREN — By Elizabeth Brown
ell. The Eowen-Merrlll Company. Indianapolis.
95 cents.
THE STORY OF LIVE DOLLS— By Joseph
ine Scribner Gates. The Bowen-Merrill Com
pany, Indianapolis. $1.
A UNIQUE HOLIDAY 6IFT
"JINGLES from JAPAN"
Verses b* Mabel Hyde.
Pictures by Helen Hyde.
"The Jingles, 'as set forth by the
Gbtiiks,' are bright and far above
the average In cleverness. The au-
thor shows a delicate wit, and some
of her poems are exceptionally good.
The volnme will be a most accept-
able holiday souvenir, for Its unique
etyle and 'attractive drawings wli'.
appeal to the public. The pictures,
printed In flat blacks and reds, are
strikingly artistic."— The Milwaukee
Sentinel.
• PRICE 75c NET.
A. M, ROBERTSON,
t Pub Isher. ! 28 Post Street.THE CHILLI-PEPPER
INDUSTRY OF
CALIFORNIA
THE HOTTEST CROP OF
THE GOLDEN STATE.
COSTS SI 50 PER ACRE
TO PLANT.
BRINGS IN OVER S200
PER ACRE.
PRODUCES FOR TWO
YEARS IP FROST DOESN'T
IITTEBITKE.
GETS RIPE IN SEPTEM
BER.
O1TE PERSON CAN GATH
ER 3OO POUNDS OP PEP
PERS IN A DAY.
STRUNG LIKE BEADS ON
TEN-POOT STRINGS TO DRY-
A STRING WEIGHS 25
FOTJNDS WHENGKEEff AND
5 POUNDS WHEN DBY.
MILES and miles of strings foIM
with great crimson' peppers.
Millions upon millions of gay
Mexican chillis snuggling close
ly in their ri rinsed captivity,
their red enameled forms and green
topped crowr.s scintillating -witli bright
lights, «s thpy are swung by the winds
and kissed by the sun.
During the months of fall, a portion of
the Southern California world is envel
oped In robes of crimson, and the land
scape for ma-ny* miles is panoramic with
the unique display.
At this season nnd in the localities
tvhere peppers arc prepared for commerce,
great walls of brilliant orimpon— the ra< ks
en >hich the peppers dry — spring spon
taneously from tbe crimson-carpeted
earth like myriads of frolirksorae flames.
There are peppers every v.herr. line af
ter line of fire-colored tendrils, until the
buildings, the fences, me pccple and the
very air Been to be festeone'1. wreathed
and enlivened with radiant coils. Here
could be obtained a supply of great jump
ing ropes sufficient for use in a city of
Goliahs, and what a marvelous spectacle
it ■would be to see all the gay wreatlxs in
motion.
Peppers were introduced into Southern
Oaliiornia by the- early Spanish settlers,
who considered them an indispensable ele
ment of food, and since their initiation in
the California soil they nave flanced along
the pathway of industry and entered a
sphere of considerable prominence. They
are a necessary and conspicuous ingredi
ent in the Spanish cuisine, and enchilladas,
chilli con carne. tamales and various
other Spanish delicacies -would be flat and
Insipid without the warm flavor of the
Mexican chilli.
Peppers are extensively used in the
preparation cf canned goods, and also in
the making of tamales, which are a most
popular article of food with all classes.
When tamales are properly made they
are delicious, the method of preparation
being to boil a quantity of corn in lye,
and after it is hulled grind it in a mortar
unUl It becomes as fine as powder. Into
thii meal is poured hot butter, and the
two Ingredients are stirred together until
light and frothy. This mixture Is then
laid on corn husks in alternate layers
with a filling composed of hashed chicken,
fried onions, chopped celery, olives and
an abundance of the spicy chilli. The
KEEP YOUR EYE ON THE CELLAR
QUICKLIME, borax, charcoal, dry
copperas and plaster are the things
to make and keep a cellar sweet
and fresh. Move out all things
movable, sweep, take up dust, open bins
and closets and set doors and windows
wide. Then in every bin or inclosed space
set an earthen vessel, dish or bowl with
several lumps of quicklime in it. Strew
prains of dry copperas all over the lime,
then slack it. but do net wet it. yet be
fiure the slacking is thorough. Steam
from the lime, rising up and out will take
away all bad air and III odors.
Leave the cellar open and empty for
two hours, then scatter dry powdered
boijx all around. In corners and along the
waEs. and wherever there Is a place
trhere it will not be in the way hang a
piece of net, such as fish net, with some
lumps of fresh charcoal tied Inside. I/eave
the borax until next "cleaning tlm©. Take
husks are taen tied at both ends and the
tamales healed either by steaming or be
ing place ik an oven. The chillis are
prepared forbse by being cut open length
wise and solked in boiling water. The
inner lengthrise strings are then removed
and thrown iway, and the skin thorough
ly scraped ot all edible material, which,
after being aralned through a fine sieve
to remove thl seeds, is ready for its work
of spicy embellishment.
The pepperj principally cultivated in
Southern California are of the species
capsicum anmmm,' and aa they grow
luxuriantly aid bear profusely, their
planting is considered a profitable ' under
taking. The plants grow low in the fields,
something lika potato vines. The leaves
are narrow, dirk green and mostly gla
brous, and splout from many forking
stems. The white flowers bloom on soli
tary or cymoselclustered pedicels.
In the spring, after the -winter rains
have ceased, thi pepper seeds are planted
In drills. In theihand-worked gardens the
plants are placed about one foot apart,
but in the fields where horse cultivators
are used the distance should be much
gTeater, the rowa being at least three feet
apart. • 1
The plants require no irrigation, culti
vation being sufteient ' to supnly their
needs. The cost o\ planting peppers aver
ages $1 50 per acre;, and at the end of the
season when the harvest is complete, the
produce from one acre amounts to about
200 strings, which usually sell at 75 cents
a string, bringing the producer the neat
little sum of $225 per acre.
In the most favorable localities where
there Is no "frost. th« plants will produce,
for two years, but ttey are very suscep
tible to chill and invariable wither under
the caresses of the vfenerable Jack. Frost,
and in case he makes a visitation, re
planting is necessary every year.
The industry is carried on extensively
about Santa Ana and Anaheim, and there
are many large fields in Ventura County
and otner counties of Southern Califor
nia. Among those* engaged In the indus
try, Spanish and Chinese are the great
est producers, and a tranquil, pig-tailed
Celestial with his wagon load of bright
peppers Is not an infrequent sight on the
country roads. Every Spanish household
has its own small patch of peppers, the
harvest from which decorates their
homes and warms their food.
The peppers ripen in September, and
hang like crimson cornucopias among the
dark foliage of their mother plant. At
this time when Nature has completed her
artist's work, and when, after her help,
the peppers have attained the proper
tinge of crimson, the pickers, an assort
ment of men of various nationalities, in
which Spanish and Chinese predominate,
enter the field laden with tubs, boxes or
baskets as convenience dictates, and the
harvest begins. One conscientious worker
will pick about 200 pounds of peppers a
day.
When the various receptacles begin to
the charcoal bags down every week,
empty them, heat the charcoal very hot,
return to the bags and replace them.
Charcoal has a marvelous power to ab
sorb all sorts ot bad smells. The power
is strictly proportioned to its freshness,
which the heating restores. • •
Make cheesecloth pads of plaster mixed
with powdered slaked lime and hang them
against the walls that are likeliest to be
damp. Lime and plaster are so thirsty
they take all the spare water to them
selves, thereby preventing must and mold.
A good way to make the pads is to stitch
or run inch tucks in a length of cheese
cloth or coarse lawn, then slip a funnel
epout Into the open end of the tuck and
pour in the plaster and lime. Make the
tucks an inch apart, and fill them evenly.
Powdered charcoal may be lixed with the
lime and plaster for pads which are to
hang where foodstuffs are kept.— Wash-'
inston Star. ■■::■.'■■; iftiSysxr
THE SUISTDAT CALIi.
brim over with their gay contents they
•are carried to the outskirts of the field,
where wagons are waiting. Into the
wagons the peppers are tossed in blush
ing confusion and carted from their
home environments to a place -where
stringing is being done. Here they are
dumped pellmell all over the ground,
where they form a mass of symphonic
brilliancy, in which the dark scarlet
shadows of the half hid mingle with the
sun-tipped crimson glints of the more
exposed.
Spanish women flock in to help with
the stringing— captivating senoritas with
witching eyes and coal black hair. Then
there are massive, plump senoras, who
have forgotten the art of witchery
and romance, « and who, as they work,
think and talk of new methods of mak
ing enchilladas, tamales and other edible
concoctions. They push the peppers
aside, as a hen makes her nest, and
squat flat on the ground, where, in the
midst of the glowing piles, they chatter
and work from morning till night. .
In their laps they hold a long narrow
board, in one end of which is arranged
a small block that contains a groove for
supporting the long needle used for
HOW YOU SHOULD COOK A TURKEY
MINETY-NINE women out of every
one hundred, ninety-nine cooks out
of every one hundred, will bake a
turkey with the back to the pan,"
said a New Orleans man who keeps :n
touch wth the kitchen, "and this '3
a mistake. I said ninety-nine out
of every one hundred. Rather should*
I. have said that the mistake is "almost
universally made. But few cooks ever
think of cooking the turkey any other
way. There seems to be a demand for
i well-browned turRey breast. But in
browning 7 the breast they sacrifice tho
sweetness of this part of the fowl. The
best way to prepare a turkey is to bake
it* with the breast down. I learned th'3
lesson from* Mme.- Begue, whose place
down in the Old Quarter near the French
market has become famed all over, tha
country. - She never thinks of baking a
turkey with the breast up- .The breast 13
turned to the bottom of the pan,. and In-
stringing the peppers. The needle, -whlei*
is fifteen inches in length, is placed up
right in this grove, and the peppers,
after being pierced through the stem, are
packed closely on the needle in, the
form of a star, so that the air and sun
can reach them more effectively. When
the needle is full it is raised from th©
groove and the peppers pushed down on
the string, the uniform length of each
string being ten feet. The women re-
ceive from three to five cents a string:
for their work.
The strings when crowded full of th«
crimson burden are hung up to dry, and
when one knows that the crop of pep
pers in Southern California this year has
run up into tens of thousands of strings,
and that all these 'strings are festooned
over buildings, fences and racks in the
localities where they are raised, one can
use his imagination and realize tha
festive aspect of the country.
When the strings are first placed in
the sun they average twenty-five pounds
in weight, but after they are thoroughly
dry and suitable for shipping they have
dwindled to a weight of live pounds.
Great ■ quantities of peppers are used
on shipboard and so great is becoming
the demand fcr peppers by all classes
That they are extensively-- freighted
throughout the country.
stead of being dry and tasteless when it
is served it is richly flavored and as sweet
and juicy as one would care to have it.
You see. all the. fine flavoring of the tur
key, the juices of the dressing, and all
the daintier touches flow down toward
the breast of the fowl, and when the
white meat is served you get the full
benefit of every flavor added during tha
processes of preparing and baking tha
turkey, in addition to the distinctivo
taste of the fowl itself. Inconvenient and
awkward? Not at all. It is just aa easy
to cook a turkey in this way as in any
other way, and the result is infinitely
more satisfactory. It is no trouble to ar
range the fovfl in tho pan; if you desira
to place the fowl on the table before
carving it you will find that It will look
quite as well as it would if baked in the
usual • way. and certainly it will tasta
much better than it would if you baked
tho breast until it was dry and flavor*
less."— New Orleans Times-Democrat.14
THE STORY
OF
SPEDLINS
GHOST
LET me out: Let me oxrt!" comes
the cry of a soul in torment over
the Annan waters. For nigh on to
two centuries has that beseeching
prayer come sighing with- the
winds and the hail and the sleet.
The cry is the echo of a poor unfortun
ate, done to death, left to starve in a
cold, dismal dungeon, alone with his God'
and his conscience, the bright sunshine
Ehut out forever.
Forgotten by tlie "world above him, he
makes agonizing efforts to tear down the
vails that hold him captive.
Starvation is gnawing at his vitals, he
einks his teeth in his tender flesh and his
blood-dripping lips let forth a final
scream, "Let me out! Let me out!"
• * '". • ," '
Far down the valley came th3 sound of
galloping horsemen, presently cculd be
heard the shouts of the drovers, urging
cattle ahead of them, then the rattle of
eteel and the clinking of spurs and ths
laughter of men whose work is accom
plished.
Around the bend came a goodly hort of
men at a hand gallop, returning from a
successful border raid, and home for
Christmas.
Xo ordinary raid had this been, how
ever, for Sir Peter, the red headed, the
dread of the south, had led it in person,
and where Sir Peter went retainers must
follow.
They had swept across the border in
the dead of night and surprised an old
enemy, John Nasoby of Riven; and
caught his guards napping.
It had been a bloody skirmish, and
many men en both sides had fallen.
Naseby had fled to the sea with a few
cf his remaining followers, guarding zeal
ously h:s only daughter, but many had
been taken prisoners and Latham of Lee
Bixtocs the number.
No wonder Sir Peter laughed long anl
Icud as he galloped along side by side
with his old crony. Sir Michael of
.Auehen; fcr was he not on his good
green turf again, had not the haul been a
rich cne and had he not in his clutches
hfs arch enemy and successful rival.
Hugh Latham of Lee.
Ay: indeed it had been worth the fight;
twenty odd good men at arms as prison- •
crs, lo be hanged or broken Into his own
band of hardened .marauders, fifty head
of calUe and as many horses and—Sr.se
by"s pride.
Round the bend of the Annan they
■wheel up to the castle gates, the draw- f
bridge is let down, they clatter across the
moat, they are home and safe.
Into the vast hall march the conquerors
end in after them surge the retainers and
men at arms.
It has been a time of hard riding, hard
fighting, now for the cup and feasting
and well earned rest.
Health after health is drunk, the rafters
ring with joyous shouts, smoking dishes
appear and load down the tables, sheep
are roasted whole, ail to celebrate the
most successful raid in years, and the
jolly Christmas time as well.
The common prisoners, bound hand and
foot, are bedded for the night in the vast
"salle" above the banquet hall, but poor
Latham, of Lee rests his weary bones as
best t>A can. some straw for his pallet,
bread and wine for his stomach, in the
dungeons beneath the keep.
Sir Peter and his good friend * Sir
Michael talked long into the night, sit
ting, legs stretched out, before the bl? loa
fire, and Naseby'B, name and" Latham's
name were most on the tongues of both.
Should it b^ death or ransom? Quoth
Sir Peter. "Could I but have got the
wench I would have hanged young Hugh
to the highest limb ere crow of cock to
morrow."
"Hang'hlm anyhow." growled the Bar
onet, and they went to bed.
But betimes next morning there came a
messenger from Edinburgh, whose hearing
would admit. of no delay. The Council
called.
In an hour the pair, with fifty men be
hind them, were riding like devils toward
the capital. i-l-'-Vs;
Prisoners and raids had no place in their
thoughts now, and the jollity of the Tulo
tide was well forgotten. '
That night strange sounds were heard,
and the next and the next, faint cries
which grew gradually fainter and fainter,
then died cut forever.
One old servant, David Rogers, who had
served the son and the father before him.
alone bethought himself of the youns
laird, lying in the dungcen below and
trembled when he remembered that the
keys hung at Sir Peter's belt.
Xo man could be spared from guarding
the prisoners to ride to Edinburgh, and
there was no way of getting through three
feet cf solid masonry and. dreadful
thcrght. perhaps Sir Peter knew he had
the keye.
But evidently Sir Peter had forgotten all
about Hugh Lee till he got to the capital,
for one morning a horseman was seen to
draw up at the gates, his horse near dead
and he himself little better off.
He had ridden day and night, sparing
neither body nor horseflesh, to bring the
keys of the fiungecn. The key3 were de
livered, they rushed down, they turned
the heavy locks and drew back the poi -
derous bolts.
There a ghastly sight met their eyes.
By the light of the torches they saw the
wretched young man 'lying, his eyes
glassy, a bloody foam at his mouth, his
right sleeve rolled up and th* flesh of his
arm eaten away.
It is Faid that when Sir Peter heard ol
this terrible tragedy his red hair stood or
end and his face took on a frozen look.
He gave up hunting and hawking, raiding
and drinking, chut himself up in the east
wing and would see no one or have nc
one near him but old David, his old re
tainer.
To his sons he Intrusted the guarding
and management of the vast estates,
while he sat alpne with his thoughts and
his crimes.
Even the approach of the holidays
brought no cheer to the old man, but
rather dread, and Christmas came with
never a word of the old-time jollity.
That right curdling yells were heard in
the east wing, and cries as of a lost soul.
Men were quickly to the door where the
recluse slept, the sons leading the van and
old David trembling and tottering behind,
them. ,^.y.-"'l ■'
The door was burst In and by, the light
of the dying logs could be seen on the bed
the gaunt body of Sir Peter, twisted into
an almost unrecognizable shape, and a
bloody hole in his throat and the marks
of teeth that belonged to no animal.
Time went on, the east wing was closed
and the sons traveled abroad, but in the
long winter nights moans and cries were
repeatedly heard.
A serving man swore by the rood that
THE SUNDAY CALL.
rowing over the Annan on jne Christmas
night from a neighboring farm he had
seen a tall figure running tlong the bank
wringing its hands and crying "Let me
out!" "Let me out:" Spedins castle thus
came to be haunted, anC as the years
rolled by was deserted aad allowed ■ to
crumble and decay, leaving only one mas
sive wing, the strongest of all, under
which lay the dungeons.
And in the course of events a new ancl
modern structure was seen to go up on
the other side of the river and furniture
came from London town 'and presently a.
young Sir y William brought his blushing
bride to the "Hall."
With the coming of the holidays* rumor
had it, the same moans and sighs were
heard and the patheUc cry of "Let me
out." "Let me out."
Then' the miller coming up the long drive
saw that same tall figure moving amor.jr
the beeches, crying and uttering mourn
ful sounds. He had lashed up his horse
and arrived in the kitchen whiter than
his flour, and had breathlessly related his
story. It had taken many long draughts
of the butler's best before he could be
prevailed on to make the home journey,
and how he did get home he never l:r.cw.
Again, a servant maid stealing out to
meet her lover sraw in the moonlight the
form of a young nun, his face pale,
bloody foam on his mouth, standing on
one of .the long grass mounds.
Screaming, her apron thrown over her
head, she ran back to the pantry, there
to fall in a deep swoon, which lasted so
long it seemed like death.
Sir William, hearing of these two en
counters and being himself of a nervous
temperament, took counsel of his friends.
Some suggested one thing, some another,
but one sage bade him hie to Edinburgh,
there to buy -and bring Lack the blessed
book. ,
Acting on this advice presently was to
be seen a large handsome Bible inclosed
In a beautifully carved oaken case lying
on a massive table In the center of the
large reception-room.
It is a matter of record that the soul
of the murdered Latham of Lee rested
In peace for. many years after that and
It was not till 1S20 that anything of a
serious nature occurred in connection with
the tragedy of so many years before.
The hall was once more in tbe decorat
or's hands and more new furniture came
from London and amidst great rejoicings
and flying of flags and playing of bands
another young Sir William brought hia
bride home. . -
A handsomer couple never faced their
tenantry and for many months their time
wa3 devoted to the regfcprlng of farms,
tiding over tenants and a, devotion to the
property arid the people thereon generally.
And all might have been well for all
time had not the young laird, when he
took out the great book from its oaken,
rase, there to write the name and date
of his first born, discovered that the bind
ing was sadly in need of repair.
The idea once in his head nothing would
do but the book must be taken on the
coming holiday shopping trip to Edinburgh
to be rebound.
His wife's entreaties were of no avail.
"The whole thing was superstitious non
sense, anyway,"" he argued. "He only
revered the book because it was Holy Writ
and paid no attention to the fears of the
neighborhood; nevertheless, as her lady
ship desired it. the book should be taken
in its case and brought back In its case
and then perhaps she would be satisfied."
"But, Sir William," she pleaded, "It Is
not that so much, It is not of ourselves
I am thinking, but of the poor good super
stitious souls that must remain here un
der our roof while the Bible Is away. If
they learn of it they will all leave and
will never be induced to return."
But the laird was obdurate and the next
day, in their large comfortable traveling
carriage, drawn by four horses and fol
lowed by two trusty servants on horse
back, they set forth with their precious
burden for Edinburgh.
They reached the capital in safety and
Sir William good naturedly laughed at the
fears his spouse had entertained.
The binding completed and shopping
finished they started for home.
And now came a chapter of accidents.
They had not traveled thirty miles before
one of the hind wheels came off and they
were forced to delay for repairs. The jar
had been a considerable one and her lady
ship's nerves were greatly upset thereby
—moreover they found to their disgu.st
! that they must spend Christma3 day on
the road.
The husband consoled ■ her in every
way possible and that night they rested
at the Dougla3 Arms, where accommoda
tions had already been prepared for them.
They dined iri their own apartments— a
rather sorry Christmas dinner— and her
ladyship retired early to bed.
Sir William went downstairs to chat
with the landlord and drink a negus or
two, as was his custom.
J The common room was empty and the
landlord informed him tnere were but twf
other guests in the house, a doctor of mid
dle age, on his way to Engjand, and a be
lated young squire of the neighborhood,
on hi3 way to his father's house for the
holidays; his horse had dropped a shoe
and he had preferred to wait till morning
before undertaking the ten miles still be
fore him. % fy-
At 11 o'clock the landlord closed tip.
barred and locked the back and front
doors, and bidding Sir William a pleasant
repose retired to his own quarters.
Sir William harl just got into his first
sound sleep when something woka him
with a start. He sat up in bed, and thi3
time the undeniable report of a pistol shot
came to his ears.
Ee jumped out of bed. hastily put on his
dressing gown, bade, her ladyship stay
fiui-nly where she was, and went out lnt«»
the hallway.
His candle threw shadows on the wall
as he groped his way along the passage.
At the top of the stairs he discovered th«
irnkeepcr, with a candle in cne hand and
an old blunderbuss in the ether.
"What has happened?" asked Sir WU
"God knows, sir, but the sound came
from the young squire's room."
The Jaird went quickly back for hts
small arms and they went together to the
bedchamber, whence the sound of shots
had come. J
The door was locked. One push frornA
Sir William's powerful shoulders and
they were in the room. The window was
open and they shaded their candles with
their hands from the night air.
The innkeeper shut the window. Then
they looked around them.
The table was overturned, chairs were
upset and the disorder of the room
showed there had been a desperate strug
gle.
In one corner nearest the bed ,lay a
white object. It was the young • squire,
shot through the lungs.
Sir William tenderly lifted him up till
he rested on his knee.
"Run for the doctor and bring some
brandy," said the laird.
The innkeeper shuffled out of the room.
The boy, he was but nineteen, opened his
eyes, looked up at Sir William's pale face,
smiled and said "No good."
He was dead befqre the doctor, rub
bing his eyes, half awake, got to his
side.
The country was scoured for miles. The
murderer, however, was never discov
ered. How he had gained an entry to the
inn remained always a mystery. His
egress had been, of course, by the opeftV
window, whence he had dropped some ten
feet to the ground.
Sir William, himself a magistrate, took
full charge of the affair and accompanied
the remains to the house of the sorrow
ing parents, to 'whom he related the cir
cumstances as far as he was able.
Then the laird and his wife continued
their Journey with sad faces and bowed
heads.
Her ladyship whispered once in the ear
of her spouse. "Sir William, if we ever
get home with the book. In safety, go
down on your knees and thank the Al
mighty."
And Sir William, nodding his head,
promised he would.
On arriving at the hall it was with a
sigh of relief that they discovered that
from the stately butler to the boy below
stairs, there were only smiles and greet
ings and welcome home.
That night her ladyship sighed and said,
"Thank God, everything is all rigli:
here."
"Spedlins was busy elsewhere," re
plied Sir William, a3 he blew out the
Ilrht
ngnt.
For sixty years the Bible lay In its
caken case undisturbed and there v|s
peace and quiet In the land.
There came a time, however, when an
other laird sat in the home, of his fathers
and found It too small for himself and
his family.
At first he was for building a new
house, but eventually decided that the
foundations should stay, but that there
should be an extension of wlng3 and an
other stcry put on.
So the family departed to the manor
house and the Bible in its case went with
them.
The repairs commenced and the 'tirst
big brown stone was loosened at the ea?t
corner.
- David Rogers, the eldest mason on the
estate, superintended the operations.
How it happened, no one can or will
tell, but the big stone loosened before
any one realized it, tottered, then fell,
crushing poor old Rogers Into a mass of
nothing.
Accident followed accident and the men
refused to work. English masons were
sent fcr and the work went slowly on.
No sooner was the extra story up than
the house began to sink and the wings
and other improvements were given up. ,
To-day the Bible is back in Us plcjf-.
but the family resides abroad and tjie
hall is rented on a ten years* lease to
strangers, who care nothing for the Sped
lins Ghost or tb« ill luck it has brought
the family.THE Hon. Chester Hawley's age
was an enigma to his friends
when in an anecdotal frame of
mind ho would take his listeners
at the club far back to the earlv
days of the city and tell them of
the men prominent in almost every pha-^e
of ,ife and of things famous then, but
Jon? since forpotton. Some of his legal
r,*rr C i a i tCS I cullo 5 1 llim a compendium of
BBrfW local antiquarian information. This
KM in a measure the truth. Hawley grew
up v.i:h the city, lived its life and his
memory did the rest for the delectation of
ins iriends-".
ooing home this Christmas eve and
Natmg his way through the rain he was
a most pelf-satisfied man. "Thev all W
roe my experiences make me 80 but mv
te^ss ssSggSS a -dss
rv.-nins at Ms favorite club The din"?
wj *,Tih» fiO0d One ' the wine prepe"fy
icr.J^nd the company of his own picking.
Ai:d et who would ever think that
a. .1 the far away past be brought un In
--'.« unexpected fashion. Thirtv "ears
u'!°-J Ba , ve ; his man « 5100 bin y To-da?
- an1».,v 1 * 0 "^*" ln N>w Vork.
««V mMJ me "out a dozen timeg."
r, !r m w . i bright and successful cor
orwL T er as h<? entered his bache
or home not many blocks distant from
the scene of the surprise which sent h™
EWZZ5SF&* V ackward to the yearl
Kr?,rJ i(f n<l t splrit o£ the «> ulc * San
iV,^ £l£l, e known to the speculator.
The grambler and the successful practl-
They tried to inveigle Hawlev into a
<ard pame that nifrht. but he was not in
Tune for social gambling. His New York
*ru-st came as the particular friend of
?nLf " awl *-J- s own human table fix
tures whenever the latter acted as host
a S"25> Xot untU tne lew.had been
Bd . pa did either man recognize the
oth«r. Then both seemed to lose Interest
in the eurroundlngs and glanced at each
other whenever a chance ottered. After
that came the looking Into space with tho
•'inner eye" and a ransacking of brains
lor time, place and circumstance.
Hawley had a pood memory for voices.
He was positive that at tome time in his
life he had met this man. He followed
every intonation ln the New Yorker's
voice, but was Ptlll at sea. The guest's
after-dinner speech was the brightest,
wittiest and cleverest of the evening.
Licht and happy it was until the warm
applause and hearty appreciation filled
his heart with a glowing gratification.
Then he switched the tenor of his re
marks to a fine bit of pathos. "My Christ
mas" was his theme and the development
of It brougnt tears to the eyes of the men
were reputed hard as granite and cold
as the ice floes. As the X«?w Yorker's
etory went on Hawley's interest grew
apace. When the conclusion. "Gentlemen,
I will pay a handsome fee to the lawyer
or detective who will find the man that
cave me that $100." was reached. Haw
ley sat mute, both elbows on the table.
. his hands shading his eyes. "To-morrow
will do," he thought. "I will earn I>oth
fee and reward."
• • •
On Christmas eve. 18G— ." Chester Haw
ley graduate of. Yale, lawyer and shrewd
Fpeculator in mining stocks, sat down to
a mild carousal with three close friends
in what was then San Francisco's prime
restaurant There had been a sudden turn
in the market and all four had fared well
tor the deal of fortune, Hawley cleared
some twenty odd thousand dollars by the
turn the others amounts ln the same
neighborhood. They .were all unmarried,
fond of work during working hours and
iu^t a« fond of pleasure when work was
tiuc aside They owned their own horses,
and whenever the occasion presented it
self they would drive out to Jim Dickey's
nid Oc.an House, along what is now
known as the Ingleside road, for a break
fast, a lunch or a dinner. These four
men made money easily and they spent
it with a free hand. Jim Dickey latterly
known as colonel, and perhaps the mott
•famous of all California roadhouse pro
prietors, often raid in reminiscent mood
that Ches Hawley. Frank Edwards. Jim
Boyd and Fred McAllister were the four
princes of the West, and that Hawley was
the fit leader of this unparalleled quartet.
]f was true Hawley was the gamest. but
Jim Boyd, cut and out stock gambler,
was a clcse second. Whether at poker,
► ct faro or In business these men would
stake all their ready available funds if
the dare was properly and genuinely
given.
During the few weeks preceding this
partie caree dinner Hawley and his con
frcrce had been dipping into the sea or
CHRISTMAS ST. DICKEY'S
upeculatlon. losing one day and winning
the next. Business absorbed their atten
tion to the exclusion of everything else.
The strain told on all and when they met
Christmas Eve for temporary forgetful
ness of financial cares they were ready to
counteract all the inroads that the stren
uous life had made on them by a- wild
hurrah celebration. After a toast to
"Her" Boyd silenced his friend with a
quick, jerky movement of his hand and
said:
"Gentlemen, we have seen the best of
the town fighters. We have paid for every
bruiser that could be found and f=ome
have scrapped well, others poorly. Haw
ley, I have kept account of our mutual
bets this year on the fights which we have
arranged for the pleasure of our friends.
You are X1000 ahead of the game. A month
ago you told me you had discovered a new
boy who is the picture of strength and
THE woman hesitated as she neared
the entrance of the great depart
ment store. Santa Claus was hold-
Ing his court within and the busy
throng jostled each other good
naturedly as they struggled through the
crowded doorway. Richly gowned and of
refined appearance, the woman's natural
beauty was marred by a bored, unhappy
look.
"Please, ma'am, will you take us in to
see Santa Claus?"
The wistful question, in a pleading,
childish voice, and a timid touch on the
arm, .drew the woman's attention to a
ragged feminine creature at her side.
With a flush of annoyance she was turn-
Ing away without a word when some im
pulse, possibly stirred by the srentle
Christmas spirit that once a year steals
Into every heart worthy of the Master's
sacrifice, prompted her to turn and look
again into the pinched and haggard little
face. ' *
Silently she gazed at the little, old child
—aged with poverty land grinding cares
beyond her years and strength. A small,
square shawl was pinned across her
shoulders and a shapeless arrangement of
straw and faded ribbon did duty for a
hat. Her mouth drooped at the corners.
Clinging to her hand was a tiny tot as
ragged and as pitiful looking as herself.
The hard lines of the woman's face re
laxed and she asked: ' *
"•Can't you go in alone?"
."No, ma'am." the answer came with
breathless ha3te, "they won't let children
go ln unless they are taken in."
"Why doesn't your mother take you
in?"
The childish lips quivered and the
that you would be willing to his
chances against even Dick Scannel. pride
and glory of the beach. If you have a
mind to it I will take Dick, give you odds
of $1230 to $1000 and leave all the arrange
ments in your hands." ;
AU assented that the terms offered were
fair. With raised glass Hawley pledGed
acquiescence. "Cnn you KCt tho boys to
gether to-morrow?" said EdwardB. Boyd,
violator of quite a few commandments,
looked horrified at the suggestion. "Why,
it's Christmas," he shouted. "Surely nut
on that day?"
Hawley had the same reverential feel
ing toward the holiness of the day so the
prospect of the prizefight was deferred.
The wine fizzed into the glasses and
mounted to the brains of the four diners.
Try as they would they could not get
away from the fight. Discussion followed
and the end of it all was that an agree-
A Christmas Incident.
hungry eyes drooped disappointedly.
" 'Cause."
With newly awakened sympathy and
tact the woman changed the conversa
tion.
"How old are you?" she asked ln a
softened voice.
• The child, small, aged and thin, an
swered proudly:
"I'm 10 years old."
The woman caught her breath.
"The little boy," she went on, "is he
your grandson?"
There was a whimsical light in her
beautiful eyes as she asked the question.
"No, ma'am," gravely answered the
child. "He's my. little brother. He's 3
years old. His name is Bobby." ,
"And your name?"
"Martha."
The woman gazed a moment longer at
ths two pitiful little figures. With the
divining sense of children, they already
knew that their victory was won.
* •■■•.■■•
At last they stood facing his Majesty,
Santa Claus — the* usual tawdry, familiar
mannered, patronizing creation of the de
partment stores. Martha's whole cramped
little soul shone forth refulgent in her
wide, wondering, reverent eyes. "Bobby,
do you see him?" she asked in a stage
whisper.
"Yep," answered Bobby.
"It's Santa Claus, Bobby," - she whis
pered again.
"Yep," responded Bobby, clinging closer
to his sister's protecting hand and trying
bard not to feel afraid of the fantastic
THE SUNDAY CALL.
ment was reached that, if the fighters
could be rounded in tho nlomtng, tho four
would drive out to Jim Dickey's, spend
the day at tho beach, rcnmln over night
and with the rising sun climb out of their
bunks and watch the two young pugilists
fight for tho championship on the level
piece of ground back of the stalls.
Hawley knew where his man could be
found; -Boyd was equally sure of the loca
tion of Scannel. Messengers were dis
patched at once and within an hour both
were asking for admission to the private
dining-room already tilled- with cigar
smoke. I Thev declared that they were In
good condition, needed no training and
would be on the corner of Kearhy and
Commercial early in the morning, wait
ing for the wagon to drive them to -the
scene of pugilistic conflict. After counsel
ing their respective principals to abstain
from liquor and tobacco Hawley and Boyd
old fellow in the fur-trimmed jacket and
high-topped boots. _• ■
His .Majesty bent a fierce look . upon
Martha, and evidently placed her age
somewhere about 50.
"Why," he blustered, "you are too old
to have a box of candy."
"I— I know it, Santa Claus," she breath
lessly stammered,' in painful confusion.
"But Bobby— he's little, you know, 'and —
and he just loves candy."
Santa Claus handed Bobby the sweets,
and as he did so his glance accidentally
encountered that of the woman. Embar
rassment brought the hot blood surging
to his face, and he hurriedly reached for
a box for Martha. , ......
A shake of the* lady's head arrested him.
"Please ask them," she sweetly said,
"what they wish'*' you to bring them for
Christmas." " .
He understood, and put the question
first to Bobby.
Bobby's mind worked slowly, while
Martha watched him anxiously, fearfully.
"I. wants a top what winds wlv* a
string," he laboriously Jerked out, at last.
• Martha breathed easily. ■ •
Again the, woman' . nodded ' to Santa
Claua and he said: '
"All right; what else?"
Martha slipped her arm about Bobby's
neck, stooped, kissed his fat, red, dirty
cheeki and whispered: "
, M Tell him nothing else, Bobby. That's
a whole heap, -you know."
. Santa Claus glanced at the woman.
''A -wagon that you can ride in," he
urged. Some Santa Clauses have an ''eye
dismissed . tha fighter* and the toasts
went on. '
News of the match traveled quickly
and although little time elapsed from the
time of the dinner till the drive over the
old road round the hills to the south
to business. . ■ ' */.~VP' n
"Oh; no," panted Martha in terror, sim
ultaneously with Bobby's enthusiastic
"Yepi" ' \
Santa Claus smiled and continued his
questioning, directed by a nod from the
woman. • . "• ,
"And you, little girl," he said genially;
"what do you want me to bring you?"
"Oh, nothing at all!" she gasped.
"Now, let me see," he tantalizingly in
sisted. "A pretty doll that goes to Bleep,
a nice little trunk to put her clothes in, a
tricycle, a ".
"Please, Santa - .Claus, I don't want
nothin'," Martha interrupted," in reckless
despair, "but— but " ,
"But who does? Your sister?"
"No, sir; -my— "
"Your mother here?" broke ln Santa
Claus, glancing -mischievously at the wo
man, , whose face j was I illumined with a
sur.ny smile.
AH at once a knowledge of the fraud
to which she>had been a party came to
Martha with overwhelming force and she
shrank with a sudden proud reserve from
her new friend — the richly appareled wo
man who needed nothing that Santa Clau3
could bring, while the real mother
A lump came into Martha's threat and
hurt. ' . ; •
"Tell Santa Claus what you would like
him to '.bring your mother," the woman
gently said. .- . "--.- - " • • • - •■■
"I don't know," she said, hesitatingly.
"If you were rich and your mother ifr-ere
poor, : what would you give her?" the wo
man's soft voice tempted. •.. _. •
with principals, seconds and other attend
ants, word passed from one haunt to an
other on Christmas morning that Chester
Hawley and Jim Boyd had matched tha
redoubtable local champion and that the
fight was set for the following day at
Dickey's roadhouse on the beach. In the
"Oh," exclaimed Martha, thrown off her
guard by this adroit move. "I would give
her new shoes and stockings and a hat
and a pretty dress and a cloak and "
Suddenly she checked herself with a droll
little gesture of dismay: "I was only fool-
Ing.", she stammered: "I "
"Come," the woman said, smiling con
tentedly, and taking Martha tenderly by
the hand she conducted* them back to the
entrance, where she bade them good-by.
In each eager hand a gaudy trinket was
tightly clasped and the weight of years
seemed to have' dropped from Martha's
small shoulders as she turned for a last
affectionate glimpse of her benefactress.
Her little crushed soul was already ex
panding with hope of Christmas joy to
come, for the woman— her beautiful friend
—had written her name and address in a
dainty jeweled book, that she might tell
Santa Claus where her mother lived.
As the woman stood gazing after her
erstwhile proteges, a man gave her an
idle, careless glance In passing. . Some
thing in her face seemed to arrest his at
tention. ( He hesitated, stopped, then has
tened back , with cordially outstretched
hand.
"Why," . he exclaimed, "how well you
are looking I I hardly knew you. More
.beautiful • even than when I went away."
A delicate blush overspread her refined
features as she mutely protested, but he
replied:
"It is true. How glad I am to see you
again! I thought I had forgotten, but —
where have you been?"
She glanced down at the Jeweled memo
randum, book in her hand as she quietly
answered:
"I have lust arrived from the north
pole. Don't you see my reindeer and
sleigh outside?" . ;.' ._ .._.
late part of the afternoon a dozen ve
hicles or more, drawn by trotters of hlgn
degree, skimmed over the road and
through the broad gateway into the yard
of what was then the famous reaort for
the men whose blood ran fast In tneir
veins and who divided nerve-rackins
work with pleasure whenever the n%o
would not conflict. _,
Underneath those sheds at Colonel D.cK
ey's on this Christmas some thirty years
ago champed and stamped as fine a lot oc
horseflesh as was ever seen anywhere.
Men who bet fortunes to see Lodi ami
Norfolk race on the track adjacent to tno
house were there to dribble away a bill
or two on an impromptu prizefight.
The cold north wind blew over tivj
dunes and sent the blood to the cheeksi of
the hardy young sport lovers, and they
urged on their horses, one against tno
other. In succession they drove into the
vard surrounded by the sheds, and wiUl
hallos and salutations here and there
made a perfect bedlam out of the quiet
"hrMmas dav. Hawley and Boyd were
railed upon to do the explaining, which
thpy did readily between the rounds of
drfnk* that quickly followed. There was
a general satisfaction expressed until It
was learned that the fight was not to be
that day. Some had easements in town,
others had hurried away wltn " ut , ari^?I
mir thoir affairs, thinking t'i" 1 ,. l zll
would be time loft to return that same
afternoon. But the most serious difficulty
was the lack of sleeping accommodations;
Where could they all bunk for the : nlsht ?
As in after years Jim DlcKSi'-* coralal-
Ity. ingenuity 5 and hospitality were , by -
words amonp his guests. He arose to tha
occasion. Accommodations forth' 3 ™":
term*, jolly crowd ™™*^\& y Jfi5£r
ufactured in a trice. V. hen the winter
sun sank behind a film of 1 , ,°"
ocean's otitCT edge this Christmas party
at Dickey's was the merriest «n "".en
counties. Bets were made as rapidly as
the corks popped, and the morrow was
awaited with keen *»"£^m£c£=5 ', 1^1
fection took root nmnnp the hostlers anrt
tho stable boys and thrir
a month's advance tips were staked wim
reckless dlsrcsard of consequences Haw
ley's word to them was K ospol Realized
and the fact that he was back of the
stranger was sufficient assurance of lair
play ami a fair run for their money.
Vntil midnight the n^ea n r dwas^J
continued. Then the crowd broke away
from the blc fireplace. .Soon after tha
liehts were out and the big. bleak buil't
ins was shroudod in darkness. All -was
Sent save for the Bad roar o« the ocean.
At r. o'clock in the mornim? the boyi ot
the house banged away at the doors ana
lutised the snorlnsr bacchanalians of the
night before. Dick Scannel. pride of the
town rinssters, was a "good boy." He
was popular not only in his own class
but amoitfr outsiders. Even the "gentle
men"—reputable men of families, wh:»
stole away from home to see a mill
liked him. lie was so sure of himself
that he slept soundly, his mind far from,
troubled over the engagement of tho
morning.
Not so with "Hawley's discovery." Ha
feared the worst, yet he was confident
that he could demonstrate to all satis
faction his superiority over Seannel. whom,
he had seen In several hard tights. Tho
two lighters appeared in ihe big barroom
almost simultaneously. Scannel bowed
pleasantly to his antagonist and walked
over to the fireplace, poked one foot o\-«»r
the burning log and then the other and
joked good naturedly with the very re-
Fpeclful barkeeper. The new man hung
shyly to the end of the bar. Within five
minutes after the appearance of the
principals the barroom was filled with
stamping, hand-clapping men. The fire
and the bar divided immediate honors.
Not many of the men who saw that
fight are In San Francisco to-day— or for
the matter of that on this stdw of the
world — but those who were eye ■witnesses
have never forgotten the battle between
Dick Scannel and Hawley's man. Both
young men. trained to a nicety, active,
alert, agile, about 133 pounds in weight,
fought until one was packed off the field
senseless and the other supported by his
seconds. The unknown overcame his
nervousness after he knocked down tha
redoubtable Scannel for the thin! time.
The champion was nonplused. Feint or
rush meant nothing to his opponent. All
were met with a perfect mastery of skill.
The impact of his knuckles had left cuts
and gashes ln Scanner* face and the
only visible sign of battle on his own
face was a discolored patch underneath
the eye. There seamed no hope for Scan
nel, and the time was placed on his en
durance. Congratulations were, shouted
at Ilawlcy across the Improvised ring
and even Jim Boyd whispered to the
beaten man's seconds to throw up tha
spontre. Scannel became almost frantio
at this and with a touch of melodramatic!
fury swore that he would quit only when
strength and senses left him.
The tide of battle had been steadily
sweeping one way. The new man's con
fidence in himself grew stronger and
stronger. Scanners rage was becoming
more and more impotent. Then something
happened as it does sometimes even In
legitimate prizefights. There was & sud
den rush. In a mad. wild swing Scanner*
right fist fell full tilt upon that most vul
nerable of all spots, the chin. No one wan
more surprised than Scannel. It was a
fierce blow and Hawley's man measured
his length upon the ground. He tried to
pull himself together, but his locomotive
power had left him. He was limp, pow
erless. The seconds worked hard on him.
during the minute that followed, but It
was of no avail. Hawley's man could not
toe the scratch and Scannel had won tha
fight.
Like a thunder clap out of a clear sky.
the sudden change and turn of affairs
left the spectators speechless and dura
founded. Back to the house they all
walked, wondering over the result, all
except Hawley, who waited fc«hlnd to pat
his game young pugilist on the shoulder.
The seconds packed him to his* room.
Hawley administering solace and comfort.
On his cot they laid him preparatory to
a rub-aown. Hawley did not feel the
loss of the $1000 on the bet half as keenly
as the sorrow of this hardy boy. who
fought a winning fight till the very last
moment. As he left him Hawley put a
$100 bill into his hand, saying: "Here, my
boy, take this, and If you need another
you know where to find me."
Then there was bustle and flurry. It
seemed as If every one present nad to
reach town at the same time. Horses wera
hitched tn one, two and three fashion,
men called out to one another as they
drove off, bets»were paid, bottles opened
and a general shout filled the air. The
prize-flghters trailed behind in their own
rig. ■ Scannel won the purse, but he was
a sorry sight indeed. The new man's face
—save for that black patch— was un
scathed, but the deepest of sorrow sat ln
his heart.
Hawley. true to his promise to tha
pugilist, never divulged his name. The
discovery was to depend upon the result
of the tight. He had made up his mirvl
that if victorious he would . follow the
fortunes of pugilism. If defeated he
would seek luck in some other way and
ln another land.
Chester Hawley's Uew Year's eve was
a merry one in a quiet way. Dinner wa»
served in his own rooms and the table
was set pour deux. Hawley had mada
both fee and reward.
1516
rr ANICE MEREDITH 'is '6n her way
I < to us at last. We are lucky for
l once in having a popular Eastern
. /■» 1 Play brought here by the first com
\*f pany instead. of being asked to pay
nrst-class prices to see a star part taken
ay Aurora Montmorency of Pike County
or.Leonora Gladiola of Butte.
•',, r :,™Jf bannering herself comes to the
la hot^H M*i r the h0lidays as Ja " lce ' u
being laid in th^^ 1 ' th6 sens a"°nal scene
famih? will th T e hom estead of the Dirinker
• • •
The Alcazar will present "Charlie'*
Aunt." It is the kind of farce that il
supposed to attract the out-of-town vls
itor who strays hither, during holidays
•At the Tivoli "Red Riding Hood" wiil
continue.
"The Silver King," that good old-tinier
will thrill the Central's gallery. Hallett
Thompson will pay the part that Wilson
Barrett succeeded in keeping popular for
a season at London's Adelphi Theater
when the play was in its young days.
"The Devil's Auction" will be produced
at the California.
The Orpheum's road show opens to-day
and will hold the boards through Christ
mas week.
• • •
Blanche Bates is better and expects ttr
return to the stage after Christmas.
A Boston paper says: "Ernest Hastings,
the village clergyman of "layers Lane,
has accepted an invitation to. deliver an
address at his law class reunion in To
ronto next June. .Mr. Hastings Practiced
Vripflv as a barrister before his adoption
of the stage and made quite a reputation
as an eloquent special pleader.
Pearl Landers is doing well in New
York, where her prettiness has been im
mensely admired. She is row playmsr In
"The Sleeping Beauty and the Beast .
that spectacular performance at tne
Broadway Theater.
May Buckley has been in a Chicago hos
pital' with typhoid fever. She may not
be able to resume work this season
Wilton Lackaye has been secured for
Auffustus Thomas' new play. "Colorado."
Kathryn Kidder's play is "Molly Pitch
er." She has adapted herself to the popu
lar at last and is appealing to the hi?
torical mania. Molly Pitcher is the her'
CHRISTMAS BILLS
AT
THE
THEATRES
THE SUNDAY CAI/L.
Ins of the battle of Monmouth, and tht '
Washington atmosphere is said to b«
tnick enough to cut.
Mrs. Fiske had to remove her Ill-fated
"Miranda of the Balcony" and substitut«
"The Unwelcome Mrs. Hatch." Among
her support are Annie Irish and J. K,
Dodson.
Sardou Is again writing a play for Sit
Henry Irving. It 13 written around the
personality of Dante. Irving ha3 wanted
to appear as Dante for a long time. H»
hints that this will be his last role, but
Sir Henry has made many a false fare
well, and he is still In pretty good form.
Chauncey Olcott is said to be one of the
richest actors on the American stage. He
and "William Gillette have saved money,
which is a rare thing to do in the theatri
cal profession.M 3T ADAME CALVE is. making
( \/\ a specialty of spooks.
y^-f I Not that she calls them
J^ that— mon dieu, non! She
■will hold up her hands in horror
when she reads the words — those
adorable tapering pink-palmed hands
— and it would be worth the pain of
horrifying her to see them saying
'•Mon dieu, non!"
"Spooks!" she will shriek. The
vord will shock her. She calls the*.i
representations of intricate phases of
psychological lore: she calls them
projections of the astral from the ma
terial body; she never, under any
circumstances, calls them spooks.
And yet, to the uninitiated, they
look dreadfully like them. Some of
them, from their photographs, might
even be taken for bogie men. The
uninitiated has not entered an inner
circle of occultism. • /. r : '- r ..
Emma Calve has. She has been ad
loJtted to the presence of Egypt's fa
mous seers, for she is partly Egyp
tian herself and she is a psychic.
Not only has she studied the occult in
Oriental lands where it is developed
tc the highest degree, but she keeps
in touch with it wherever she goes.
Here in San Francisco she devoted
<-ome of her time to seances. In fact,
several of the grand-operaites did
likewise, judging from revelations
•which have come to light since the
departure of the Grau constellation.
Sembrich, De Reszke and Salignac,
vrere they proselyted by this magnetic
prima donna, or are they, too, invet
erate dabblers in the black artsP
One San Francisco spiritualistic
medium says that all of the four had
'sittings" with him and corroborates
1: is statements -with a collection of
photographs, autographic letters- and
presents of almost incredible value
given by these astral notables in ap
preciation of the supernatural. secret3
revealed. ":*■*
At the foot of a Buddhist altar in
this medium's house, where pot-bel
lied gods of brass and ebony sit grin
ning complacently in terraces one
above another, leans a long panel
frame»with a full-figure photograph
of Calve in either end, and between,
in scrawly red ink, is the prima
donna's own inimitable signature.
Above this autograph are three
lines in Franch addressed to this me
dium- ' --'s.
It seems he -was known to Calve
in Paris and it is said that immedi
ately upon her arrival here she called
upon frf™ for superhuman advice, and
that after her Salignac, De B«szke
and Sembrich consulted the black
cabinet in quick succession.
And then, too, upon that mystic
alter sits ft. little marble deity colored
to resemble porcelain which Calve
brought from India, and underneath
it is another picture of Calve. But
ccftly — these are mere bagatelles
cc-mpared with the ring which she
gave the medium in token of her
gratitude. It is said to be worth
thousands of dollars.
According to her own story, she
had a remarkable psychic experience
in Pasadena. It is told in the follow
ing article by herself, together with
other stories of phenomena to which.
she lias been witness.
IT IS true that I am a student of
psychology. In fact I am a wor
eh'.per at the shrine of occultism, un
tiring in my efforts to understand
the unknown forces of the universe.
My trip to Egypt last year was partly for
my health and partly for purposes of in
vestigation, to wrest, if I could, the
secrets of so-called magic from those
sphinx-like custodians of ancient mystic
lore, the high priests of Egypt.
That I was partially successful in my
attempt is due, perhaps, to the fact
that a drop of Egyptian blood flows
in my vein?, that in a sense I
am one of them. This couplet
with the fa<?t that I am paid to possess
to a high degree a psychic power admitted
' me to the presence of Egypt's famous
seers, who initiated me, If not to the inner
sanctuary, at least to one of the inner
circles. I resent the terms magic and
mysticism. The phenomena called by
these names are neither the one nor the
other, but simply the result of scientific
research and the natural forces of nature
applied. Clairvoyance, clairaudiance.
thought telegraphy or telepathy and vari
ous phases of mediumship are only ordi
narv, and the primal result of scientific
Investigation. The more intricate phases
of psychological lore in which I am at
present much interested is that of de
materialization, or of the power to pro
ject the ego or astral from a material
body, to fly through space as it were, to
come and go. using: the material self or
body simply as a domicile or temporary
home for the ego.
The psychical sciences have in this
last decade made most wonderful strides,
and the benefits which humanity owes to
the discoveries tnus made are too many
to estimate. This domain of advanced
psychology has rendered incalculable
service In the treatment of neurotic affec
tions and cf many very pitiable mental
distresses. Psychology approaches more
closely to the problems of philosophy and
of religion than any other science, and it.
Is pre-eminently more satisfying in. re
gard to the great problem of the origin
and destiny of man than any known re
search. The facts made manifest' by
scientific investigation have seized upon
the attention of' most of the profound
thinkers of the age. i>V"
Psychical phenomena are no longer a
question of self deception, of hallucina
tion. It is not hysterical patients we have
to deal with, but people, of mind, and
those who would deny the reality of such
phenomena must confront a multitude of
our most capable men of science, who are
individuals unhampered by creeds and
prejudice, men who, for the enlightenment
of the world, as well as for their own
satisfaction, are willing to sacrifice time
and money for purposes of strict investi
gation — for exposing frauds and discover
ing truth. This can be accomplished only
when we come into the knowledge of
these unseen, and now unused forces- of
nature, which are manifestly intended for
our use, but of which we are to-day al
most entirely ignorant. •
Psychometry is perhaps the most uni
versal development of this natural force
or power of intuition. We are all con
stantly leaving the impress of our char
acter upon everything we touch. A mag
netism, a psychic force, constantly ex
udes from us, the very air around us is
impregnated and a sensitive or developed
psychic or advanced student of psychol
ogy can unerringly tell before seeing the
person his or her characteristics and
whether his. or her life be a good one or
a bad one. The magnetism our foot leaves
upon the ground gives the clew to our
dog who follows us, as more tangible
characteristics of our life allow our
friends to read us. We are surrounded
by a sensitive vapor, and when we meet
each other as strangers we unconsciously
and silently take estimates and impres
sions which develop into either mutual
congeniality or antagonism. As physical
facts are seen by the eye -.of the material
body, so 'can the eye of the soul look close
into nature's temple and" there read that
which to the physical is unseen.
Another unrecognized power, and one
which is, except in the circle of science,
.' almost unknown, is the force of hypno
tism, yet by its aid there remains little
in the realm of psychology that cannot
be accomplished. It is a well known fact
that hypnotic suggestion is a force more
strong than drugs in all maladies ' over
■which the mind dominates, but aside from
its medicinal value, it proves more read
ily than any other known force that the
astral body can be separated from tha
material and has the power after an
absence to return to earth. • That this is
not merely a statement but a proved fact
I myself can bear testimony.
For the benefit of the students and in
vestigators in this line of thought I will
cite an instance which took place in Paris
one year ago, myself being the subject.
Before the organization of the Interna
tional Society . of Psychical Research,
which 5s now centered in Paris, , and
of which,, upon my return to that coun
try, I will become a member, a number
in the advanced thought were In the cus
tom of meeting and discussing these
questions of universal interest in the
home of Camille Flammarion, who is an
astronomer and psychologist of world
wide reputation. Among those who at
tended were Dr. Eucausse, the occult
writer, who will be' better recognized by
his pseudynom, "Papus," and the Count
de Rochas, the administrator of the Poly
technic School of France, the greatest
school of naval engineering in the world.
I give the professions of these men that
all may know they are. men of high au
thority and standing in their country, and
that those meetings were held strictly
for scientific investigation, and were not
what is commonly known in this land aa
seances.
Upon request of Mrs. Flammarion, who
was also present, I submitted myself as
a subject, and by Count de Rochas, who
is an ardent exponent of the varying
phases of hypnotism, was. magnetized, or
hypnotized. By the testimony, of those
present I soon entered into a state of
deep catalepsy, my physical body being
entirely insensible to feeling 1 . The soul,
or ego, had separated from, the. material,
but still remained and spoke in a voice
recognized as my own, saying that I was
very happy to be released. • When it 'was
thought advisable to recall me I protest
ed, and refused to respond to the most
earnest efforts of the hypnotist, and . it
was only by the combined will force of
all present that I "returned to the ma
terial body.
The. theory which Count de Rochas
puts forth after ten years' investigation
SOME OF MY
EXPERIMENTS
IN THE OCULT.
la mat a subject under hypnotic influ
ence can exteriorize the astral body,
make" it depart- a certain distance from
the material body, and when the air is
grasped, as one would grasp I an arm
where the astral body is, it will be felt
in the material or physical. It has been
verified by eminent seers that the breath
of this projection or astral- body carries
sensibility with it.
Another Instance showing the advance
ment of psychology by means of hypno
tism Is that of Count de:Rocbas and the
well-known. Parisian model, Lina, his
subject. To this meeting, which also took
place in France in the .; residence of M.
Gailhard, the director of grand opera In
Paris, came Swami JVivikananda,' who is
known in San Francisco, | and my friend
and fellow student, who., was also one-of
the organizers of the International Psy
chical Institute of Paris, Professor Van
der Naillen, besides Count de Rochas,
Prince Roland Bonaparte, Prince Henri
d'Qrlaars a-ad many others, whose stand -
THE SUNDAY CALL.
ing is unquestioned. ■ The . object of this
particular meeting was; to note the; effact
of music upon the astral body and to
witness,: if possible, a demonstration of
dematerialization. ■
For this . purpose ' the director of tho
Conservatory of Music brought ■ a- j book
containing some very ancient dances. No
one present had previously heard a note
of . the music , or : had '. any knowledge ' of.
the motions ' which should be shown In
the dance.' So there was no » possibility
of mental suggestion. The girl Lina^was
chosen particularly for her grace, for she
was .physically perfect, but in intellect
somewhat deficient.;. However, ; upon the
first' chord of r this music, which was
played' Vby'^'M. Paul VIdal, Mile.
Lina,' tinder began 'to dance,
executing | the | most graceful : movements,
swayed by, the music when gay or sad.
Finally ', some .one present J called ; for the
Spanish habanera, which I, also .. en
chanted ■ by the* rhythm, began to sing.
Upon, my .joining,, Lina, apparently ex
alted by tho combined symphony ; of
sounds, became much excited, and danced
with even greater abandon, . and her
poses and grace, became so ravishlngly
beautiful that M. Gailhard. who: had
a'. ' camera with . him . for. - the purpose,'
caught her in .several of hermost grace
ful poses. ' ■ .'; / ; .
Upon the development of the negatives
thus made 'Some astonishing results of
dematerialization,'' ;whlch our. eyes had
.failed, to .see, > were ■found. Through the
influence of hypnotism ; and the power of
music Lina was discovered, by.! the sen
sitized -plate of the camera which ' de
tects what ' is . invisible to the , physical
eye,- to' have partially, dematerialtzed. The
anterior portion of Una's body had given
forth I effluvia or emanations; of magnet
ism which surrounded her with lrregulaf
luminous' bands. .. The posterior part be
came-.Boi transparent that through " it
could be distinguished, the decorations of
the tapestry In the i room. ,..'.'-.
In a second picture the. emanations
given forth condensed and '■, formed into
brilliant rays of variable density, run
." ": ' v ,■ ■ » : . ■■' ' ■■*■■"■
nlng parallel, trie lower one taking root
in the vital knot, or cerebellum. By evi
dence of .the camera the arms had en-
tirely melted Into those streams of llfffct
and the head had completely disap
peared.
Count da Rochas In an artlda In a
paper, devoted to science states that ha
afterward made a careful examination
with a magnifying glass of the plates
showing the extraordinary results of the
experiment, but that he failed to find any
imperfection in the negative and found no
flaws whatever In the method of pho
tography used. The- subject, Lina, upon
recovering her normal state felt no phy
sical exhaustion, and asida from a cer
tain languidneas was in no way affected.
She is alive now and still follows her pro-»
f ession as a model in Paris.
I had a remarkable experience In Pasa
dena during my recent visit there. Ona
day my maid and I were driving out of
Pasadena along a quiet, shady road when
we met a little, decrepit old man trudging:
along laboriously with a staff. As wa
neared him he doffed his hat reverently,
and bowing In unison remarked, "I've
been wanting to see you." We -were
frightened, and on© of us ejaculated some
thing about robbers, but reassuring «»
with a pacific wave of his hand ha con
tinued: "Yes, it is you. Calve, that I
have been wishing to see." TVhereupoa
we stopped the carriage and listened.
He was from 'India, ha said, and his
bronze features set the stamp of truth on
his utterance. He was on a divine mis
sion from his beloved "guru" (teacher) to
gather followers for tha great Gautama,
known to Christendom as Buddha, Im
parting his blessing upon ma and receiv
ing my well wishes in return, ha turned
away, repeating several times, "I will sea
you again; I will see you again," and I
returned, mystified, to the hotel.
That evening. I learned to my horror
that the keys to my trunks had been lost
during the drive, and I was mourning
over this catastrophe when word cams
from the office that a dwarfish old man
waited at the desk with my keys, but was
desirous of delivering them in person. I
consented, thinking that he sought a re
ward, but on his appearance was amazed
to recognize the same- little man whom I
had encountered during the drive and who
had disappeared mumbling, "I will see
you again."
I suspected some supernatural agency
and resolved to put It to test. Takinff
some dried and withered flowers from a
vase I demanded that the dwarf prove
his claims of being tha authorized emis
sary of the Buddhist cult by instantly re
storing flowers, foliage and stems to their
pristine freshness. He called for a bowl
of water "and a cloth, which I gave him.
but I smiled at hi3 simplicity, for tha
bouquet had dried to the point of brittle
ness. Nevertheless the little man pro
ceeded with all confidence, placed tha
flowers In the bowl and covered them with
the cloth, after the accepted manner of
all masters of legerdemain. Then he be
gain repeating the holy mantra of Bud
dhism and the sacred a-u-m of hia caste,
exorcising by various incantations the
spirits of darkness, conjuring those of
light and summoning them to his aid. The
cloth moved, and lifting It away I beheld
my dead and shrunken flowers as fresh
and bright as when they came from tha
garden sparkling with dew.
I have cited but a few of the wonderful
experiences which I have had In investi
gating the occult. In conclusion let mo
say that I am not a spiritualist, but In
the reality of psychic phenomena, and- toe
existence of psychic fi-'^c X do unreserv
edly believe.
1718
FROM DESERT TO GARDEN
DELTA.
»
?he Most
Tn *he Gcunti-y
New s^ns
; Colored by
LAROEST
IRRIGATION
SYSTEM I-N
THE UNITED
STATES.
THE Colorado Desert is being; wiped
from ihe map of California, and mi
its place there is growing up very
rapidly an extensive, prosperous
and wealthy community that will
in the next few years add many millions
to the assessment roll, of the State, many
thousands of names to the Great Register
and one more to the family of counties.
In the Beginning.
About fifty years ago Dr. Wozencraft
cf San Bernardino commenced an investi
gation of a project to reclaim this dese-t
by means of v.-ater taken from the Colo
rado River. I-l«, presented his plans to
Congress, asking for a grant of the lands
In 1£S the Committee on Public Lands
In the House of Representatives reported
favorably en the concessions asked for.
About the same time the State of Cali
fornia conditionally surrendered its claim
to the lands in that country— lands that
■were absolutely of no value.
Engineers reported to both the State
and the National Governments endorsing
the plans proposed by Dr. Wozencraft,
which contemplated a heading: en the
Colorado River, at what was known as
the Har.lon Heading and the use of the
Carter River channel through lower Cali
fornia to convey the water of the Colo
rado River to the lands to be irrigated.
Other Business.
Soon after this the civil war broke out
and the project was necessarily aban
doned.
Dr. Wozencraft evidently lived about
lialf a century to<i soon. Had he suc
ceeded in getting his grant from Congress
and interesting capital to construct his
expensive works there is no doubt
that an attemjit to have colonized these
lands at that time would have been a
failure.
Land, Water and Man.
Land without water has no value: wa-
ter without land has no value, and water
and land without man to utilize them
have no value.
The great question in reclaiming the
Colorado delta has been, would the man
come alone: and utilize the land and wa
ter when 'they were bnhight together?
Magnitude of the Enterprise.
This Colorado delta Is the largest body
of arid land susceptible of irrigation to be
found in the United States, and has a
moie than abundant supply of water In
the Colorado River to Irrigate the same.
In this delta there are fully 500,000 aere»
of choice land that can be irrigated In the
State of California, and 300,000 acres more
that can be Irrigated across the line In
Lower California.
There are two kinds of deserts— the re
clairnable and the Irreclaimable. The re
claimable Sesert consists of a fertile soil,
that is desert only because of its aridity.
Plenty of water win convert such a desert
Into fertile fields. The irreclaimable des-
ert is composed of sand, gravel and
bowlders, and can never be made of any
value by the application of water.
The Colorado delta Is composed of the
most fertile soil to be found in the world,
not even excepting the celebrated valley
of the Nile. The soil is a sedimentary
deposit brought dawn by the waters of
the, Colorado River while it was at work
digging out the Grand Canyon of the Col
orado.
Another Move Made. • "
After the abandonment of the Dr. Wo
zencraft proposition the question of re
claiming the Colorado delta was laid to
r«st for nearly forty years. •
About J890 other attempts were made to
reclaim this great desert, but on ac
count of the panic of 1S9£ and other
causes nothing was accomplished in the
way of construction until 1900, although
extensive surveys were made, land was
purchased and a valuable property was
accumulated. ■'•■'■ - '• .
During the spring of 1900 " Mr, George
Chaftey, having made a careful and ex
tensive examination of the entire enter
prise, contracted with the California De
velopment Company for an interest In the
company and undertook to. deliver water
on the desert within a given time.
A Competent Irrigation Engineer.
Mr. George Chaffey is well known In
California and in Australia as one of the
leading Irrigation engineers of this ace.
He has always managed his own enter
prises successfully, and has never man
aged enterprises -for other' people. He
founded Ontario and Etiwanda— two suc
cessful irrigation settlements In Southern
California, and then, on the . invitation
of the Australian Government, he went
to that country and _, established Mildura
and Renroark, furnishing the' water-to
these . settlements by means of • mam
moth pumping plants, which cost over
$500,000— eight of^ the centrifugal pumps
having discharge pipes each four feet in
diameter. All of his irrigation enterprises
have been successful. y
Work. Commenced.
• In April, 1900, actual work was com
menced and it . has - been pushed rapidly
ever since.
In June? 1901, an abundant supply of
water was delivered through the new
canal system, crossing the International
boundary line, back-into the. State of Cal
ifornia again, about sixty miles west of
the Coiorado River.
; During the. year prior to the delivery of
water the work of resurveyingthe public
lands' and laying plans for the settlement
of the 'country progressed favorably, and
at the end of the year there had ■ bean
over one hundred thousand acres of land
filed -upon by prospective settlers either
under, the desert land act or under the
A School District. ■■....
In April, 1901, the Imperial School Dis
trict was formed by the Board of Supet
visors of. Sari Diego County, and In the
September following: a school was opened
In a tent, there being as yet no oppor
tunity to build a schoolhouse, and in this
school there " were twenty-four scholars
enrolled. '.
Water Beaches Imperial.
Water was delivered too late in the sea
son for any extensive agricultural opera-
THE SUNDAY CAI/L.
tions, although about 1200 acres of
sorghum and millet were planted so as
to "furnish feed for the hundreds of
horses that were at work on the canal
system and other hundreds of horses and
cattle that would be brought into the
settlements by actual settlers before any
thing could be raised in' the spring of 1903.
This' first trial of the soil and climate was
eminently satisfactory.
A Gigantic Enterprise.
The work of colonizing and reclaiming
the Colorado delta is one of the most
gigantic enterprises ever attempted in
California, Because of its magnitude the
canal system ' was- called the Imperial
Canal and Imperial Settlements Is the
name by which that section of country is
now known.
What Has Been Done.
Settlers have taken possession of. 125,000
acres of land and secured water rights
for the same from the Imperial Canal sys
tem. This system of canals has been so
far extended that water can be used this
next season on practically any of the
land now taken from the Government. .,
The town of Imperial has been' platted
and business has been started there in
good style. There Is a hotel, a .postofflce,
a general merchandise store, a stage sta
tion, a printing office where the Imperial
Press— a twelve-page paper, with, four
columns to, the page— is' printed, a church
with a parsonage— a- regular, little, white
New England church, with a spire— and
the First National Bank of Imperial has
been organized and will be ready for busi
ness by the first of next year. .*■ '
Th© town of Calexico has also been plat
ted. It is located on the boundary line
about sixteen miles south of Imperial.
Here is to be found the headquarters of
the California Development Company in
a large, double, adobe building. A general
merchandise store is also, to be found
here and the town only a few weeks old
is growing finely. —
The town of Parlnga Is platted, but no
improvements have been made there yet.
It is located midway between the other
two towns. '-'
The town of Imperial Is located about
twenty-eight miles south of the Southern
Pacific Railroad, and is connected with
that road by a dally stage line.
Railroads to Be Built.
The. Los Angeles, Imperial and Arizona
Railway Company will be Incorporated
very soon to build ftbout 400 miles of rail
road. This road is^ planned to be built
from Yuma westward through the Impe
rial Settlements via Calexico, Paringa and
Imperial toward Los Angeles, and will be
either extended to that city or connected
with some other standard gauge railroad
that will make satisfactory connection
with the southern metropolis, j There will
then be one branch line built
northward from Imperial to con
nect, w-lth the Southern Pacific,
and another .branch line southward
from Calexico to the head of the Gulf of
California. The road from the Southern
Pacific to Imperial, thence to Calexico,
will be graded during the coming winter
and will be put in active running order
soon thereafter.
In addition to this railroad enterprise,
the. building of which is now assured—
although little has been said about, it— the
people of San Diego are moving to build
a railroad eastward from that city which,
when built, will give the Imperial Set
tlements another outlet to the coast.
A Telephone System.
A telephone line is now In operation
from Flowingwell W Imperial and Calex
ico, with a branch linfe from FlowingweU
to. Iris to connect with the Western Union
telegraph line.
population of the Imperial Settle
"ments during the past year has Increased
from practically nothing to over 1000 peo
ple, and the Increase has mostly Ween
made during the past two months. ,r\.
Such is the development of what prom
ises to be one of the most noted and pro
ductive sections of this State of garden
spots.
Trade in Whiskers of Mice
and" Bears' Eyebrows.
THE business done in mouse whiskers
Is considerable this year, for they
are used in the making of the won
derful new fly for fishermen— the
"new gray gnat." And they are expen
sive—nearly two cents per whisker. Trout
rise very much better at mouse whisker
flies than at the same "gnat" dressed
in jinglecock hackles, which look much
like them. > ;*';'
The trade of artificial fly making is the
lightest-fingered business In the world
and, it is. not one man or "woman 'out of
5000 who can learn to tie flies. These
tyers are remarkable for the beauty and
delicacy of their, hands, and only the
cleverest of fingers can deal with the
"niggling", work of knotting hairs that
can. hardly be seen.
In makins a fly . tha earth -has to be
ransacked for precisely the correct fwtth
era and hairs, and ons hair wrong will
make all the difference. ' v ""■/;;•*
It takes an expert tier only fifteen min
utes to turn out a fly, which consists of
a tiny hook, with wings of Egyptian
dove feather, legs of fox hair and a body
of mouse fur, wound round with a thread
of yellow silk. A carelessly mad© fly will
have neither legs nor "feelers," but the
true expert adds the legs and puts on a
pair of long "feelers" of cat hair, whlto
at the tips. All these tiny details will bo
exactly in their places and so finely tied
to the hook that the fly will tak» half a
dozen strong fish and ba none the worse.
Bear's eyebrows, . being stiff, and ex
actly the right shade, are used in a new
ly invented fly that Is killing Quantities
of salmon this year, and these eyebrows
come from, the Himalayan brown bear
and cost about $1 60 per set. There are
always agents all over the world search
i«Vf tropical forests for the right birds to
supply fly hackles, and one of the most
sought after skins Is that of the rare
"green screamer," an African bird, about
the size of a fowl, which has a tiny
bunch of feathers on each shoulder that
is worth $15 per bunch to the flymaker.
One of these birds only supplies feathers
enough for half a dozen files. Numbers
of men spend their Ilves-and lose them,
too-in collecting the right kinds of birds
for fly feathers.
Thero is no limit to the enthusiasm of
an artistic fly tier, who will use hair
fxom his own eyelashes to finish off an
extra soecial fly. Baby's hair Is a much
sough It « material, if of the rignj
shade-golden yellow-for all the lighter'
Simon flies, and one curl will make a
doz^n first 'class flies. There^re many
salmon and trout fishers who pay WJOO; %
year for their files alone-Cincinnati Ea
qnlrer.GRAUSTARK TH STORY OF A LOVE BEHIND
THE THRONE
CHAPTER XX— Continued.
THE APPROACHING ORDEAL.
Y Y*\ ITHIN a very few minutes af trr
\ A / they had been conducted to tha
V V/ chamber by Count Half ont and
> \ other dignitaries the fair ruler
came into the room and ad
vanced between the bowing lines of
courtiers to the spot where sat the
man who held Graustark in his grasp.
A slender, graceful figure In black,
proud and serious, she walked un
hesitatingly to the old man's side. If she
feared him. If she was impressed by his
power, she did not show It. The little
drama had two stars of equal magnitude,
neither of whom acknowledged supremacy
in the other.
Bolaroz arose as she drew near, his
Jaunt face black and unfriendly. She ex
tended her hand graciously, and he, a
Prince for all his wrath, touched his
trembling lips to its white., smooth back.
"I come in grief and saflnees to . your
court, most glorious Yetive. -My burden
of sorrow is greater than I can bear," he
said, hoarsely.
"Would that I could give you consola
tion," she said, sitting In the chair re
served for her use at council gatherings.
"Alas! it grieves me than I can offer
nothing more than words."
"You are the one he would have made
his wife." said the old Prince, sitting be
side her. He looked into her <J««o blue
eyes and tears sprung to his own. His
voice Jailed him, and long moments passed
before he could control his emotion. Truly
she pitied him In his bereavement.
Then followed a formal discussion of the
crime and the arrangement of details In
connection -with the removal of the dead
Prince from Graustark to his own land.
These matters settled, Bolaroz said that
he had heard of the murderer's escape
and asked what effort was being made to
recapture him. Yetive related all that
had happened, expressing humiliation over
the fact that her officers had been unable
to accomplish anything, adding that she
did not believe the fugitive could get away
from Graustark safely without her
knowledge. The old Prince was working
timself back Into the violent rage that
had been temporarily subdued, and at last
broke out In a vicious denunciation of the
carelessness that had allowed the man to
escape. He first insisted that Dangloss
and his incompetent assistants be thrown
into prison for life or executed for crim
inal negligence : then he demanded the life
cf Harry Anguish as an aider and abettor
in the flight of the murderer. In both
cases the Princess firmly refused to take
the action, demanded. She warmly de
fended Dangloss and his men, and an •
nour.eed In no uncertain tones that she
would not crder the arrest of the remain
ing American. Then ehe acquainted him
with her intention to detain Anguish as
hostage and to have his every action
watched in the hope that a clue to the
whereabouts of the fugitive might be «<jk
covcrod, providing, of course, that the
friend knew anything at all about ihe
matter. The Duke of Mizrox and others
loudly joined in the cry for Ang-ulsh's ar
rest, but she bravely held out against
them and in the end curtly lnformcl
them that the American, whom she be
lieved to be Innocent of all complicity ia
the escape, should be subjected to no in
dignity other than detention in the city
under guard, as she had ordered.
"I Insist that this man be cast Into
prison at ence," snarled the white-lipped
Bolarcz.
Her eyes flashed and her bosom heaved
with £cger.
"You are not at liberty to command In
Graustark, Prince Bolaroz." she said,
slowly and distinctly. "I am ruler here."
The heart of every Graustark nobleman
leaped with pride at this daring rebuff.
Bolarcz gasped and was speechless for
seme seconds.
"You shall not be ruler long, madam,"
he said, malevolently, significantly.
"But I am ruler now, and, as such, I
command you to withdraw from my cas
tle, sir. I did not know that I was to
submit to these threats and insults, or 1
should not have been kind enough to
grant you an audience, Prince though
you are. When I came to this room It
v.-as to give you my deepest sympathy
and to receive yours, not to be Insulted.
You have lost a son, 1 my betrothed. It
ill becomes you. Prince Bolarcz, to vent
ycur \1ndlctiveness upon me. My men
are doing all in their power to capture
the m«tn who has so unfortunately es
caped from our clutches, and I shall not
allow you or any one elee to dictate the
manner in which we are to proceed." She
uttered these words cuttingly, and, at
their conclusion, arose to leave the room.
Bolarcz heard her through in surprise
and with conflicting emotions. There
v.-as no mistaking her indignation, so he
ueemec it policy to bottle his wrath,
overlook the most offensive rebuke his
vanity had ever received, and submit to
what vas evidently a Just decision.
"Stay, your Highness. I eubmit to your
proposition regarding the other stranger,
although I doubt its wisdom. There Js
but oa; In whom I*am really interested—
the one who killed my eon. There Is to
be no cessation In the effort to find him, I
am to understand. I now have a propo
sition. With n-.e are 300 of my bravest
soldiers. 1 offer them to you In order
that you may better prosecute the search.
They will remain here and you may use
them in any woy you see fit. The Duke
of Mizrox will linger In Edelweiss and
v.ith him you and yours may always con
fer. He, also. Is at your command. This
man must be retaken. I sweskr. by all that
is above and below me. he shall be found.
M I hunt the world over to accom
plish that end. He shall not escape
my vengeance! And hark you to
this! On the twentieth of next month I
shall demand payment of the debt due
Axphain. So deeply is my heart set on
the death of this Grenfall Lorry that I
agree new, before all these friends of
ours, that if he be captured and executed
In my presence before the twentieth of
Xovember, Graustark shall be granted
the extension of time that would have
in the event of your espousal
with the man he killed. You hear this
offer. »!!? It Is bound by my sacred
word cf honor. His death before the
twentieth gives Graustark ten years of
grace. If he is still at larpe I shall claim
:ny own. This offer. I believe, most gra
cious Yetive, will greatly encourage your
people in the effort to capture the man
we geek."
The Princess heard the remarkable
p-oposiUon with face deathly pale, heart
scarcely beating, /.gain was the duty
to Graustark thrust cruelly upon her. She
could save the one only by sacrificing the
other.
"We will do all in our power to— to
;>rove ourselves grateful for your mag
nanimous offer," she said. As she passed
from the room on the arm of her uncle,
■-he heard the increasing: buzz of excite
ment on all sides, the unrestrained ex
pressions oi. amazement and relief from
her own subjects, the patronizing com
ments of the visitors, all conspiring to
sound her doom. Which way was she
fc» turn in order to escape from herself?
"We must catch this man, Yetive," paid
H.-iIfont en the stairway. "There Is no
::Hernaiive."
% "Except our Inability to do so," she
- murmured. In that moment she deter
mined ihat Gronfall Lorry should never
be taken if she could prevent it. He was
innccent and it v.-as Graustark's penally
to pay.
The text day, amid pomp and splen-
dor, the Prince of Axphain started on his
Journey to the land erf his forefathers,
to the tombs of his ancestors, all Edel
weiss witnessing the imposing procession
that made Its way through the north
gates of the town. Far up on the moun
tain top a. man, looking from his little
window, saw the black, snake-like pro
cession wind away across the plain to the
northward, losing Itself In the distant
hills.
XXI-FROM A WINDOW ABOVE.
The longest month In Lorry's life was
that which followed his romantic flight
from the tower. To his impatient mind
the days were irksome weeks. The cold
monastery was worse than a prison. He
looked from Its windows as a convict
looks through his bars, always hoping:, al
ways disappointed. "With each of the In
frequent visits of Captain Quinnox his
heart leaped at the prospect of liberty,
only to sink deeper in despair upon the re
ceipt of emphatic though kindly assur
ances that the time had not yet come for
him to leave the haven of safety into
which he had been thrust by loving hands.
Prom his little window he could see the
active city below, with the adored castle:
to his nostrils came the breath of summer
from the coveted valley, filling him with
almost insupportable longing and desire.
Cold were the winds that swept about his
lofty home; ghastly, grewsome the nights;
pallid and desolate the days. Out of the
world was he, dreary and heartsick, while
at his feet stretched life and joy and love
in their rarest habiliments. How he en
dured the suspense, the torture of uncer
tainty, the craving for the life that
others were enjoying, he could not under
stand. Big, strong and full of vigor, his
Inactivity was maddening; this virtual
captivity grew more and more intolerable
with each succeeding day. Would they
never take him from the tomb In which
he was existing? A hundred times had
he, in his desperation, concluded to flee
from the monastery, come what might,
and to trust himself to the joyous world
below, but the ever-present though wan-
Ing spark of wisdom won out against the
fierce, aggressive folly that mutinied
within his hungry soul. He knew that
she was guarding him with loving, ten
der care, and that when the proper time
came the shackles of danger would drop
and his way would be cleared.
Still there was the longing, the craving,
the loneliness. Day by day, night after
night went by and the end seemed no
nearer. Awake or asleep, he dreamed of
her, his heart and mind always full of
that one rich blessing— her love. At
times he was mad with the desire to know
what she was doing, what she was think
ing and what was being done for her down
there in that busy world. Lying on his
pallet, sitting in the narrow window, pac
ing the halls or wandering about the cold
courtyards, he thought always of her,
hoping and despairing with equal fervor.
The one great question that jnade his
imprisonment, his inactivity so irksome
was, Was lie to possess the treasure he
longed so much to call his own? In those
tantalizing moments of despair he felt
that If he were free and near her ne
could win the light against all odds. As
It was, he knew not what mischief was
working against his chances in the world
from which he was barred.
The prior was kind to him; everything
that could be done to provide comfort
where comfort was a stranger was em
ployed in his behalf. He lived well— until
his appetite deserted him; be had uo
questions to answer, for no one asked
why he was there; he s had no danger to
fear, for no foe knew Where he lived.
From the city came the promise of ulti
mate escape; verbal messages from those
who loved him; news of the world— ail at
long intervals, however. Qulnnox's visit*
were like sunbeams to him. The dashing
captain came only at night and in dis
guise. He bore verbal messages, a wise
precaution against mishap. Not once did
he bring a word of love from the Prin
cess, an omission which caused the fugi
tive deep misery until a ray of intelli
gence showed him that she could not give
to Quinnox the speeches from her heart,
proud woman that she was.
Anguish sent words of cheer, with com
mands to be patient. He oever failed to
tell him. through Quinnox, that he was
doing all in his power to find the real
murderer and that he had the secret co
opeiation cf the old police captain. Of
course, the hidden man heard of the re
ward and the frenzied search prosecuted
by both principalities: He laughed hys
terically over the deception that was be
ing practiced by the blue-eyed, slender
woman who held the key to the situation
in her keeping.
It was not until the night of the 18th
of November thai Quinnox confirmed his
fears by telling him of the conditions im
posed by Prince Bolaroz. For some rea
son the young officer had deceived Lorry
In regard to the all-important matter.
The American repeatedly had begged for
information about tne fatal twentieth, but
on all previous occasions his visitor dog
gedly maintained a show of ignorance,
' vowing that he knew nothing of the cir
cumstances. Finally Lorry, compietely
out of patience and determined to
know the true state of affairs,
soundly upbraided him and sent
word to the Princess that if she
did not acquaint him with the inside
facts he would leave the monastery and
rind them out for himself. This authori
tative message brought Quinnox back
two nights later with the full story of
the exciting conference. She implored
him to remain where he was, and asked
his forgiveness for having kept the ugly
truth from him. Quinnox added to his
anguish by hastily informing him that
there was a possibility of succor from
another principality. Prince Gabriel, he
said, not knowing that he was cutting
hi* listener to the heart, was daily with
the Princess, and It was believed that he
was ready to loan Graustark sufficient
money to meet the demand of Bolaros.
The mere thought that Gabriel was with
her aroused the fiercest resentment in
Lorry's breast. He writhed beneath the
knowledge that she was compelled to en
dure his advances, his protestations of
love, his presence.
As he paced his narrow room distract
edly a horrid thought struck him so vio
lently that he cried aloud and staggered
against the wall, his eyes lixed on the
face of the startled soldier. Perhaps she
might submit to Gabriel, for in .submit
ting Rhe could save. not only Graustaik,
but the man -ehe loved. The sacrifice—
but no! he would not believe that such
affliction could come to herl Marry Ga
briel! The man who had planned to seize
her and make her his wanton! Ho
cround his teeth and glared at Quinnox
as if he wero the object of his hatred,
his vicious jealousy. The captain stepped
backward In sudden alarm; ...
"Don't be afraid!" Lorry cried, sav
agely. "I'm not crasy. It's your newo—
your news! Docs she expect me Jo stay
up here- while that state of affairs exists
down there? Let me see; this is the 18th,
and day after to-morrow is the 20th.
There Is no time to be lost, Captain Quin
nox. I shall accompany you when you
leave St. Valentine's to-night."
■"Impossible!" exclaimed Quinnox. "I
cannot allow that, sir. My instructions
"Hang your Instructions! All the In
structions on earth can't compel mo to
sit up here and see this sacrifice made.
I am determined to see her and put a
stop to the whole affair. It is what I
feared would come to pass. She is wlll
luc to sacrifice herself or half her klng-
dom, one or the other, in order that I
may escape. It's not right, captain, it's
not right, and I'm going to stop It. How
soon can we leave this place!" He was
pacing the floor, happy in the decision he
had reached, notwithstanding the danger
it promised.
"You are mad, sir, to talk like ; this,"
protested the other, despairingly. '.'Edel
weiss swarms with Axphain soldiers; our
own men are on the alert to win the great
reward. You cannot go to the city.
When a safe time comes you will be ta
ken from this place into the mountains
instead of through the city, and given
escort to Dassas, one hundred miles east.
That step will not be taken until the way
is perfectly clear. I tell you, sir, you
cannot hope to escape if you leave the
monastery now. The mountains are full
of soldiers every night."
"I didn't say anything about an escape,
did I? On the contrary. I want to give
myself up to her. Then sho can have
Gabriel thrown" over the castle wall and
say to Bolaroz, 'Here is your man; I've
gained the ten years of grace.' That's
the point, Quinnox; can't you see It?
And I want to say to you now, I'm. going
whether you consent or refuse. I'd Just
a^ soon be In jail down there as up here,
anyhow. The only favor I have to ask
of you is that you do the best you can
to get me safely to her. I must talk with
her before I go back to the tower."
"God help me, sir, I cannot take you
to her," groaned Quinnox, trying to con
trol his nervous apprehension. "I have
sworn to her that I will keep you from
all harm, and it would be to break faith
with her if I led you Into that mob down
there." . (
"I respect your oath, my friend, but I
am going, just the same. I'll see her,
too, If I have to shoot every man who
attempts to prevent me. I'm desperate,
man, desperate! She's everything in the
world to me, and I'll die before I'll see
her suffer."
Quinnox calmly placed his hands on the
other's shoulders, and, looking him in the
eye, said quietly :
"Her sutterin:; now is as nothing com
pared to what it will be if you go back
to the tower. You forget how much
pain she is enduring to avoid that very
suffering. If you care for my mistress,
sir, add no weight to the burden she al
ready carries. Remain here, as she de
sires. You can be of no service down
there. I Implore you to be considerate."
It was an eloquent appeal, and it
struck home. Lorry wavered, but . hla
resolution would not weaken. He argued
first with Quinnox, then with himself,
finally returning to the reckless deter
mination to brave all and save her from
herself. The . soldier begged him. to
listen to reason, implored nan to recon
sider, at last turning in anger upon the
stubborn American with a torrent of
maledictions. Lorry heard him through
and quietly, unswervingly announced that
he was ready to leave the monastery at
any time his guide cared to depart. Quin
nox gave up in despair at. this, gazinjf
hopelessly at the man he had sworn to
protect, who insisted on placing his head
in the lion's Jaw. He eat down at the
window and murmured dejectedly:
"What will she say to me— wnat will
she say to me?"
"I shall exonerate you, captain. She can
have no fault to find with your action
after I have told her how loyal you are
and how— how— well, how unreasonable I
am," said Lorry, kindly.
"You may never live to tell her this,
sir. Then what is to become of me? ; I
could not look her in the face again. . I
could only, die."
"Don't be so faint hearted, Quinnox!"
cried Lorry, stimulated by the desire to
be with her, recognizing: no obstacle that
might thwart him in the effort. "We'll
get through, safe and sound, and we'll
untangle a few complications before we
reach the end of the book. Brace up, for
God's sake, for mine, for hers, for-your
own. I must get to her before every
thing is lOEt. My God, the fear that sho
may marry Gabriel will drive me' mad if
I am left here another night. Come! Let
us prepare to start. We must notify the
Abbot that I am to go. I can be ready
in five minutes. Ye gods, think of what
she may be sacrificing for me."
The distracted captain gloomily
watched the nervous preparations for
departure, seeing his own disgrace ahead
as plainly as If it had already come upon
him. Lorry soon was attired In 'the
guard's uniform he had worn from the
tower a month fcefore. His .pistol was in
his pocket, and the bunch of violets she
had sent to him that very night was
pinned defiantly above his heart. Quin
nox smiled when he observed this bit of
sentiment, and grimly informed him that
he was committing an act prohibited in
Dangloss's disciplinary rules. Officers on'
duty were not to wear nosegays. .
"Dangloss will not see my violets. By
the way, the moon shines brightly,
doesn't it 7"
"It Is almost as light as day. Our trip
Is made extremely hazardous for that rea
son. I am sorely afraid, rash sir, that we
cannot reach" the castle unseen."
"We must go about it boldly, that's
all."
"Has It occurred to you, sir, that you
are placing me in a terrible position?
What excuse can I have, a captain of the
guard, for slinking about at night with
a man whom I am supposed to be track
ing to earth? Discovery will brand me as
a traitor. I cannot deny the charge with
out exposing her Majesty."
Lorry turned cold. He had not thought
of this alarming possibility. But hJs
ready wit came again to his relief, and
with bright, confident eyes he swept
awny the obstacle.
"If discovered you are at once to pro
claim me a prisoner, take the credit for
having caught me, and claim the re
ward."
"In that case you will not go to the cas
tle, but to the tower."
"Not if you obey orders. The offer of
jeward says that I must be delivered to
the undersigned. You will take me to her
and not to the tower." \
Quinnox smiled and threw up his hands
as if unable to combat the quick logic of
his companion. Together they made their
way to tho prior's cell, afterward to the
Abbot's apartment. It was barely 11
o'clock and ho had not retired. Ho ques
tioned Quinnox closely,' bade Lorry fare
well and blessed him, sent his benediction
to tho Princess and ordered them con
ducted to tho gates.
Ten minutes later they stood outside the
wall, tho great gates having been closed
Eharply behind them. Above them hung
the silvery moon, full and bright, throw
ing its refulgent splendor over the moun
tain top with all. the brilliancy of day.
Never had Lorry seen . the moon so ac
cursedly bright. /
" 'Gad, it is like day," ho exclaimed. •
"As I told you, sir," agreed the other,
reproof In his voice.
"We must wait until tho • moon goes
down. It won't do to risk It now. Can
we not go somewhere to keep warm for,
an hour or so?" .
"There is a cave farther down the
mountain. Shall we take the chances of
reaching it?"
"By all means. I can't endure the cold
after being cooped up for ho long."
. They followed the winding road for
some distance down the mountain, com
ing at last to a point where a small path
branched off. It was the path leading
down the side of the steep overlooking
the- city, and upon that side no 'wagon
road could be built. Seven thousand feet
THE SUNDAY CALL.
below stretched the sleeping, moonlit city.
Standing out oil the brow, of* the moun
tain they seemed to be the only living ob
jects in the world. There was no sign of
life above, below or beside them.
"How long should we be In making the
descent?" asked Lorry, a sort of terror
possessing him as he looked from the
dizzy height into the ghost-like dimness
below. . ■ ,' .. ' • .- , : ■
"Three hours, If you are strong."
"And how are we to get into the castle?
I hadn't thought of that."
. "There is a secret entrance," said Quin
nox maliciously, enjoying the insistent
one's acknowledgment of weakness. , "If
we reach it safely I can take you under
ground to the old dungeons beneath the
castle. It may be sometime before you
can enter the halls above." for the secret
of that passage is guarded Jealously.
There are but five people who know of
its existence."
"Great confidence is placed in you, I see,
and worthily, I am sure. How is that you
are trusted so implicitly?" . '
"I Inherit the confidence. The captain
of, the guard is born to his position. My
ancestors held the place before me and
ndt one betrayed the trust. The first born
in the last ten generations has been the
captain of the guard in the royal palace,
possessing all its secrets. I shall be the
first to betray the trust— and for a man
who .is nothing to me." :V '
, "I suppose you consider me selfish and
vile for placing you in this position," said
Lorry, somewhat contritely.
"No; I have begun the task and I will
complete it, come what may," ■■> answered
the captain firmly. "You are the only be
ing in the world for whom I would sacri
fice my honor voluntarily — save one."
"I have wondered why you were never
tempted to turn traitor to the Princess
and claim the fortune that Is represented
in the reward."
"Not for five million gawos, sir!"
"By George, you are a faithful lot!
Dangloss, Allode and Ogbot and yourself,
four honest men to whom she trusts her
life, her honor. You belong to a rare
species and I am proud to know you."
The stealthy couple found the cave and
spent an hour or more within its walls,
sallying forth after the tardy darkness
had crept down over the mountair and
into the peaceful valley. Then began the
tortuous descent. Quinnox in the
lead, they walked, crawled and ran
down the narrow path, ' bruised,
scratched and aching by the time
they reached the tonmost of the
summer houses along the face of the
mountain. After this walking was easier,
but stealthiness made their progress slow.
Frequently, as they neared the base, they
were obliged to dodge behind houses or
to drop into the ditches -by the roadside
in order to avoid patrollng police: guards
or Axphain sleuth-hounds. -Lorry mar-;
veled at the vigil the soldiers were keep-
Ing, and was somewhat surprised to learn
from the young captain that prevailing
opinion located him in or near the city.
For this reason, while other men were
scouring Vienna, Paris and even London,
hordes of vengeful men searched day and
night for a clew in the city of Edelweiss.
The fugitive began to realize how de
termined was the effort to capture him
and how small the chance of acquittal if
he were taken. To his fevered imagina
tion the enmity of the whole world was
shaping Itself against him. The air was
charged with hatred, the ground with
vengeance, the trees and rocks with de
nouncing shadows, while from the dark
ness behind merciless hands seemed to be
stretched forth to clutch him. . One sim
ple, loyal love stood alone antagonistic to
the universal desire v to. crush "and kill. A
fragile woman Was shielding, him sturdi
ly, unwaveringly, against all these mighty
forces. His heart thrilled with devotion;
his arm tingted with Joy of clasping' her
once more to his breast; his wistful eyes
hung upon the flickering light far off In
the west. Quinnox had pointed It out. to
him, saying that it burned in the bed
chamber of the Princess Yetive. Since
the memorable night that took him to the
cell in St. Valentine's, ~this light had
burned from dusk to daylight. Lovingly,
faithfully it had shone for him through
all those dreary • nights, a lonely signal
from one heart to another.
,At last, stiff and sore, they stole Into
the narrow streets of Edelweiss. Lorry
glanced Tsack. and shivered, although the
air was warm and balmy. He had truly
been out of the world. Not until this in
stant did he fully appreciate the dread
that possesses a man who is being hunted
down by tireless foes: never, did man's
heart go out in gratitude and trustfulness
as did his toward the strong defender
whose sinewy arm he clasped as if in
terror.'
"You understand what this means to
me," said Quinnox gravely, as they
paused to rest. "She will call me your
murderer and curse me for my miserable
treason. I am the first to dishonor the
name of Quinnox."
XXII— GRENFALL LORRY'S FOE.
The Princess Yetive had not flinched a
hair's breadth from the resolution formed
on that stormy night when she sacrificed
pride and duty, on the altar of love and
Justice. Prince Bola^oz's ultimatum over
whelmcd^ her, but she arose from the
wreckage that was" strewn about her con
science and remained loyal, steadfast and
true to the man* in the monastery. To
save his life was all she could hope to
accomplish, and that she was bound to
do at any cost. She could be nothing to
him — not even friend. So long as he lived
he would be considered the murderer of
Lorenz, and until the end a price would
hang over his head. She, Princess of
Graustark, had offered, a reward for him.
For that reason he was always to be a
fugitive, and she least of all could hope
to see' him. There had been a brief, hap
py dream, but it was swept away by the
unrelenting rush of reality. The mere
fact that she and she alone was responsi
ble for his flight placed between them
an unsurmountable barrier.
Clinging tenaciously to her purpose, she
was still cognizant of the debt she owed
the trusting, loving Grauatark. One word
from her could avert the calamity that
was to fall with the dawn of the fatal
20th. All . Graustark blindly trusted
and adored her; to undeceive them would
be to administer a shock from which they
could never, recover.
Her heart was bursting with love for
Lorry; her soul was overflowing with ten
d».r thoughts that could not be sent to
him, much as she trusted to the honor
of Quinnox, her messenger. Hour after
hour she sat In her window and marveled
a* the change that had been wrought in
her life by this strong American, her
eyes fixed on the far-away monastery,
her heart still and cold and fearful. She
had no confidant in this miserable af
fair of the heart. Others, near and dear,
had surmised, but no word of hers con
firmed. A diffidence, strange and proud,
forbade the confession of her frailty,
sweet, pure and womanly though it was.
Sho could not forget that she was a
Princess.
The Countess Dagmar was piqued by
her reticence, and sought in manifold
ways 'to draw forth the voluntary
avowal, with Its divine tears and
blushes. Harry Anguish, who spent
much of his time at the castle and who
invariably deserted his guards at the
portals, was as eager as the Countess to
have her commit herself irretrievably by
word, or sign, but. he, too, was disap
pointed. He was, also, considerably puz
zled. ' Her Majesty's manner was at all
times frank and untroubled. She. was ap
parently light-hearted;- her cheeks had
lost none of their freshness; her eyes
were bright; her smile was quick and
merry;, her wit unclouded. Receptions,
drawing-rooms and* state functions found
her always vivacious, so much so that tier
court wondered not a little. Daily report?
brought no news of the fugitive, but while
others were beginning to acquire the hag
gard air of worry and uncertainty she
was calmly resigned. The 15th, the lu'.u,
the 17th, the ISth and now the. 19th of No
vember came and still the Princess re
vealed no marked sign of distress. <}ouM
they have seen her in the privacy of her
chamber, on those " dreary, maddenin.?
nights they would not have known their
sovereign. '■''
Heavy-hearted and with bowed head*
the people of Graustark saw the 19th face,
in the night, the breaking of which would
bring the crush of pride, the end of power.
At court there was the silent dread anu
the dying hope that relief might come at
the last. hour. Men, with pale faces and
tearful eyes, wandered "-through the an
cient jcaatle, speechless, nerveless, miser
able. Brave soldiers crept about, shorn
of pride and filled with woe. Citizens sat
and stared aimlessly for hours, thinking
of naught but the disaster so near, at hand
and so unavoidable. The whole nation
surged as if in the last throes of r death.
To-morrow the potency of Graustark was
to die, Its domain was to be cleft in twain
— disgraced before the world. .
And, on the throne of this afflicted land
sat- the girl, proud, tender, courageous
Yetive. To all Graustark she was it3
greatest, its most devoted sufferer; upon
her. the blow fell heaviest. There she sat,
merciful and merciless, her slim white
hand ready to sign the shameful deed in
transfer, ready . to . sell her kingdom for
her love. , Beneath her throne, beneath
her feet, cowered six souls, possessors of
the secret. Of all the people in the world
they alone knew the heart of the Prin
cess Yetive, they alone felt with her the
weight ! of the sacrifice. With wistful
eyes, fainting hearts and voiceless lips
five of them watched the day approach,
knowing that she . would not speak a.iid
that Graustark was doomed. .Loyal con
spirators against that which" they loved
better than their lives— their country
were Dangloss, Quinnox, Allode, Ogbot
and Dagmar. To-morrow would see the
north torn from the south, the division of
families, the rending of homes, the burst-
Ing of hearts. She sanctioned all this be
cause she loved him and because Ije had
done no wrong.
Aware of her financial troubles and pur
suing the advantage that his rival's death
had opened to- him, Prince Gabriel /of
Dawsbergen renewed his ardent suit.
Scarce had the body of \ the murdered
Prince left the domain before he made his
presence remarked. She was compelled
to receive, his visits, distasteful as they
were, but she would not hear his propo
sitions. ' :', Knowing that he! was in truth,
the mysterious Michael who had planned
her abduction, she feared and despised
him, yet -dared iriake no public denuncia
tion. As Dawsbergen was too powerful
to be antagonized at this critical time,
she was constantly forced to submit to
the most trying and repulsive ordeals.
Tact and policy were required to control
the violent hot-blooded young ruler from
the south.' At times she despaired and
longed for the quiet of the tomb; at other
times she was consumed by the fires of
resentment, rebelling against the ignom
iny to which she was subjected. Worse
than all to her were the Insolent overtures
of Gabriel. The tears of humiliation shed
utter hl3 departure on the occasion -of
each visit revealed the bitterness . that
was torturing tnis proud martyr.
He had come at once to renew his offer
of a. loan, knowing her helplessness. Day
after day he haunted the castle, persist
ent in his efforts to Induce her to accept
his . proposition. So fierce was his pas
sion, so implacable his desire, that he
went among the people of Edelweiss, pre
senting to them his. ' proposal, hoping
thereby to aad public feeling to his claims.
He tried to organize a committee of citi
zens to go before the Princess with 'a
petition tnat his offer be accepted and the
country saved. But Graustark was loyal
to its Princess. Not one ot her citizens
listened to .the wily Prince, and more
than one told him or his emissaries that
the loss of the whole kingdom was prefer
able to the marriage he desired. Trie city
sickened at- the thought; . .".. ■ '
H.is last and master-stroke "In the
struggle to persuade came on the af
.ternoon of the 19th, at an hour when
all Edelweiss was in gloom and
when the Princess was taxed to', the
point where the mask of courage was 'so
trail that she could scare hide her bleed
ing soul behind lt. v
Bolaroz of Axphain, to quote from the
news dispatch, was in Edelweiss, a guest,
with a lew of his lords, in' the castle.
North of the city were encamped live
thousand men. He had come prepared to
cancel the little obligation of fifteen years'
standing. With the hated creditor in the
castle, his Influence hovering above the
town, the populace distracted by the
thoughts of the day to come, Gabriel
played what he considered his best card.
He asked for and obtained a final inter
view with Yetive, not in her boudoir or
her reception-room, but in the throne
room, where she was to meet Bolaroz in
the morning. ' - ' . . , : .
The Princess, seated on her throne,
awaited the approach of the resourceful-,
tenacious suitor. He came and behind
him strode eight stalwart men, a
long iron-bound chest, the result., of his
efforts with his bankers. Yetive and her
nobles looked in surprise on this unusual
performance. Dropping to his knee before
the throne, Gabriel said, his volco
trembling slightly with eagerness and
fear:
"Your Highness, to-morrow will see the
turning point In the history of two, pos
sibly three, nations— Graustark, Axphain
and Dawsbergen. I have included my
own land because its ruler Is most vitally
interested. He would serve and save
Graustark, r.s you know, and he would
satisfy Axphain. It Is in my power to
give you uid at this last, trying hour, and
I Implore you to listen to my words of sin
cercat friendship— yes, adoration. To-mor
row you are to pay to Prince Bolaroz over
twenty-five million gawos or relinquish
the entire north half of your domain. I
understand the lamentable situation. You
can raise no more than fifteen million
and you are helpless. He will grant no ex
tension of. time. You know what I have
proffered before. I come to-day to repeat
my friendly offer and to give unquestioned
bond as to my ability 'to carry, It out.' It
you agree to accept the loan I extend, ten
million gawos for fifteen years at the
usual rate of Interest, you can on to
morrow morning place in the hand of Ax
phain when he makes his formal demand
the full amount of your Indebtedness in
gold. Ricardo, open the chest!"
•An attendant threw open the lid of the
chest. It'was filled with gold coins.'
"This box contains one hundred
thousand ' gawos. There are in
your halls nine boxes holding nine
times • . as much as you see here.
And there are nine times as much all told
on the way. This Is an evidence of my
good faith: Here. Is the gold. Pay Bolaroz
and owe Gabriel, the greatest happiness
that could come to him." .
There wasa dead silence after this the
atrical action. . .. , .
"The interest on this loan is not all you
ask/I understand," said Half ont, slowly,
his black eyes glittering. "You ask some
thing 1 that Graustark cannot and wlllnot
barter— the hand of Its ; sovereign. If you
are willing to make, this 'loan, naming a
fair rate of interest, withdrawing your
proposal of marriage, we can come to an
Gabriel's eyes deadened with disap
pointment, his breast heaved and his fin
gers twitched.
"I have the happiness of your sovereign
at heart as much as my , own," he said.
"She will never want for devotion, she
will never know a pain."*
"You are determined, then, to adhere to
your original proposition?" demanded the
. Count.
"She would have married Lorenz to save
her land, to protect her people. Am I not
as good as Lorerz? Why not give " be
gan Gabriel, viciously, but Yetive arose,
and with gleaming ■ eyes and flushing
cheeks interrupted him.
"Go! I will not hear you— not one
word!"
'He passed from the room without an
other word.. Her. court saw her standing
straight and immovable, her white face
transfigured.
XXIII— THE VISITOR AT MIDNIGHT.
Below the castle and Its distressed oc
cupants, In a dark, damp little room,
Grenfall Lorry lived a year in a day. On
the night of the 18th, or rather near the
break of dawn on the 19th, Captain Quin
nox guided him from the . dangerous
streets of Edelweiss to the secret passage
and he was safe for the time being. The
entrance to the passage was through a
skillfully hidden opening in the wall that
inclosed the park. A stone doorway, so
cleverly constructed that It defied detec
tion, led to a set of steps which, in turn,
took one to a long narrow passage. This
ended in a stairway fully a quarter of a
mile from Its beginning. Ascending this
stairway one came to a secret panel,
through whith, by pressing a spring, the
Interior of the castle was reached.' The
location of the panel was In one of the
recesses in the wall of tfie chapel, near
the altar. It was in this chapel that "rel
ive exchanged her male attire for a loose
gown, weeks before, and the servant who
saw her come from - the door at an un
earthly hour in the morning believed she
had gone there to seek surcease from the
troubles which oppressed her.
Lorry was impatient to rush forth from
his place of hiding and to end all sus
pense, but Quinnox demurred. He bessed
the eager American to remain in the pas
sage until the night of, the 19th, when, all
things going well, he might be so fortu
nate as to reach the Prince3s without
being seen. It was the secret hope of the
guilty captain that his charge could be
induced by the Princess to return to the
monastery, to avoid complications. He
promised to inform her Highness of his
presence in the underground room and to
arrange for a. meeting. The miserable fel
low could not find courage to confess his
disobedience to his trusting mistress.
Many limes during the day she had seen
him hovering near, approaching and then
retreating, and had wondered not a little
at his peculiar manner.
And so it was that Lorry chafed and
writhed through a long day of suspense
and agony. Quinncx had brought to the
little room some candles, food and bed
ding, but he utilized only the former. The
hours went by and no summons called him
to her side. He was dying with the de
sire to hold her in hla arms and to
hear her voice again. Pacing to and fro
like a caged animal, he recalled the ride
in West Virginia, the night In her be«i
chamber, the day in the throne room arfd,
more delicious than all, the trip to the
monastery. In his dreams, walking or
sleeping, he had seen the slim soldier,
had heard the. muffled voice. and had felt
the womanly caresses. His brain now
■was in a whirl, busy with thoughts of
love and fear, distraught with anxiety
for her and for himself, bursting with
the awful consequences of the hour that
was upon them. What was to become at
him? What was to. be the end of this
drama? What would the night, the mor
row bring about?
He looked back and saw himself as he
was a year ago in Washington, before
she came into his life, and then won
dered if it could really be he who was
going through these strange, improbable
scenes, these sensations. It was 9 o'clock
In the evening when Quinnox returned to
the little room. The waiting one had
looked at his watch a hundred times, had
run insanely up and down the passage In
quest of the secret exit, had shouted
aloud In the frenzy of desperation.
"Have you seen her?" he cried, grasp
ing the newcomer's hand.
"I have, but, fcefore' Cod, I could not
tell her what I had done. Your visit will
be a surprise, I fear a shock."
"Then how am I to see her? Fool! Am
I to wait here forever "
"Have patience. I will take 'you to her
to-night— aye, within an hour. To-mor
row morning she signs away the northern
provinces, and her instructions are that
she Is not to be disturbed to-nightJ Not
even j will she f see the Countess Dagmar
after 9 o'clock. It breaks my heart to
see the sorrow that abounds in the castle
to-night. Her Highness insists on being
alone, and Basot, the new guard, has or
ders to admit no one to her apartments.
He is ill and I have promised that a sub
stitute shall relieve him at 11 o'clock.
You are to be the substitute. Here Is
a part of an old uniform of mine and
here is a coat that belonged to Dannox,
who was about your size. (Please exchange
the clothes you now have on for these. I
apprehend no trouble in reaching her
door, for the household is in gloom and
the halls seem barren of life."^
He threw the bundle on a chair and
Lorry at once proceeded to don the con
tents. In a very short time he wore,
Instead of the cellkeeper's garments,
a neat fitting uniform of the royal
guard. He was trembling violently,
chilled to the bone with nervousness, as
they began the ascent of the stairs lead-
Ing to the chapel. The crisis In his life,
he felt, was near at hand.
Under the stealthy hand of Quinnox the
panel opened and they listened intently
for some moments. There was no one In
the dimly lighted chapel, and they made
their way to the door at the opposite end.
The great organ looked down upon them
and Lorry expected every. Instant to hear
It burst . forth in sounds of thunder. It
aeemed alive and watching their move
ments reproachfully. Before unlocking
the door, the captain pointed to a lance
which stood against the wall near by.
"You are to carry that lance," he said,
briefly. Then he cautiously peered forth.
A moment later they were in the broad
hall, boldly striding toward the distant
stairway. Lorry had been Instructed to
proceed without the least sign of timidity.
They passed several attendants in the hall
and heard Count Halfont's voice in con
versation with some one in an anteroom.
As they neared the broad steps who
should come tripping down but Harry An
guish? He saluted Quinnox and walked
rapidly down the corridor, evidently tak
ing his departure after a call on the
Countess.
• "There goes your hostage," said the
captain, grimly. It had required all of
Lorry's self-possession to restrain the cry
of joyful recognition. Up the staircase
they went, meeting several ladies and gen
tlemen coming down, and were soon be
fore the apartments of the Princess. A
tall guard stood In front of the boudoir
door.
"This is your relief, Bassot. You may
go," said Quinnox, and. with a careless
glance at the strange soldier, the sick man
trudged off down the hall, glad to seek his
bed.
. "Is she there?" whispered Lorry, dizzy
and faint with expectancy. \
"Yes. This may mean your death and
mine, sir, but you would do It Win you
explain to her how I came to play her
false?"
"She shall know the truth, good friend."
"After I have gone twenty paces down
the hall, do you rap on the door. Sho
may not admit you at first, but do not
give ' up. If she bid you enter or asks
your mission, enter quickly and close the
door. It is unlocked. She may swoon or
scream, and you must prevent either If
possible. In an hour I shall return and
you must go back to the passage."
"Never! I have come to save her and
her country, and I Intend to do so by
surrendering myself this very night."
"I had hoped to dissuade you. But. sir,
you cannot do so to-night. You forget
that this visit compromises her.'
"True. I had forgotten. Well. I'll go
back with you, but to-morrow I am your
prlosner, not your friend."
"Be careful." cautioned the captain as
he moved away. Lorry feverishly tapped
•his knuckles on the panel of the door and
waited with motionless heart for the re
sponse. It came not and he rapped
harder, a strange fear darting into his
mind.
"Well?" came from within, the voice he
adored.
Impetuous haste marked his next move
ment. He dashed open the door, sprarg
inside and closed it quickly. She was sit
ting before her escritoire, writing, and
looked' up, surprised and annoyed.
"I was not to be disturbed— Oh, God!"
She staggered to her feet and was In
his arms before the breath of her ex
clamation had died away. Had he not
supported her she would have dropped
to the floor. . Her hands, her face were
like ice, her breast was pulseless a»\d
there was the wildest terror in her -"vs.
"My darling — my queen!" he cried, pas
sionately. "At last I am with you! Don't
look at me like that! It is .really I— X
could not stay away— I could not permit
this sacrifice of yours. Speak to me! Do
not stare like that!"
Her- wide blue eyes slowly swept his
face, piteous wonder and doubt strug
gling in their depths.
"Am I awake?" she murmured, touch
ing his face with her bewildered, ques
tioning hands. "Is it truly you?" A
smile illumined' her face, but her joy was
short lived. An expression cf terror came
to her eyes and there was agony in ths
fingers that clasped his arm. "Why do
you come here?" she cried. "It is mad
ness! How and why came you to tiiU
room?"
He laughed like a delighted boy anct
hastily narrated the events of the past
twenty-four hours, ending with the trial:
that, gave him entrance to her room.
"And all this to see me?" she whispered.
"Td see you and to save you. I hear that
Gabriel has been annoying you and that
you are to give up half of the kingdom
to-morrow. Tell me everything. It i»
another reason for my coming."
Sitting beside him on the divan, she
told of Gabriel's visit and hla dis
missal, the outlook for the next day,
and then sought to convince hira
of the happiness it afforded her to pro
tect him from 'an undeserved death. He
obtained fur Quinnox the royal pardon
and lauded him to the skies. So ravishing
were the moments, so ecstatic the sensa
tions that possessed them that neither
thought of the consequences if he were to
be discovered In her room, disguised aa
one of her guardsmen. He forgot the real
import of his reckless visit until she com
manded him to stand erect before her
that she might see what manner of sol
dier he was. With a laugh, he leaped to
his feet and stood before her— attention!
She leaned back among the cushions and
surveyed him through the glowing, im
passioned eyes, 'which slowly closed as If
to shut out temptation.
"You are a perfect soldier," she said,
her lashes parting ever so slightly.
"No more perfect than you," he cried.
She remembered, with confusion, her own
masquerading;, but it was unkind of him
to remember it. Her allusion to his uni
form turned his thoughts into the channel
through which they had been suYging so
turbulently up to the moment that found
him tapping at her door. He had not told
her of his determination, and the task
grew harder as he saw the sparkle glow
brighter and brighter In her eye.
"You are a brave soldier, then," she
substituted. "It required courage to come
to Edelweiss with hundreds of men ready
to seize you at sight— a pack of blood
hounds." •
"I should have been a miserable coward
to stay up there while you are so bravely
facing disaster alone down here. I came
to help you, as I should."
"But you can- do nothing, dear, and you
only make matters worse by coming to
me. I have fcught so hard to overcome
the desire to be near you; I have strug
gled against myself for days and days,
and I had won the battle when you came
to pull my walls of strength down about
my ears. Look! On my desk is a letter
I was writing to you. No; you shall not
read It! No one shall ever know what it
contains." She darted to the desk,
snatched up the sheets of paper and held
them over the waxed taper. He stood in
the middle of the room, a feeling of In
tense desolation settling down upon him.
How could he lose this woman?
"To-morrow night Quinnox is to take
you from the monastery and conduct' you
to a distant city. It has all been planned.
Your friend, Mr. Anguish, is to meet
you in three days and you are
to hurry to America by way of Athens.
This was a letter to you. In it I
said many things and was trying to write
farewell when you came to this room. Do
you wonder that I was overcome with,
doubt and amazement — yes. and horrox?
Ach, what peril you are in here! Every
minute may bring discovery and that
would mean death to you. You are inno
cent, but nothing could save you. The
proof is too strong. Mlzrox has found a
man who swears he saw you enter Lo
renz's room."
"What a damnable He!" cried Lorry
lightly. "I was not near his room!"
'.'But you can see what means they will
adopt to convict you. You are doomed if
caught, by my soldiers or thelra. I cannot
save you again. You know now that I love
you. I would not give awav half of. the
land . that my forefathers ruled were it
not true. Bolaroz would be glad to grant
ten years of grace should he but have you
In his clutches. And, to see me, you
would run the risk of undoing all that I
have planned, accomplished and suffered
for. Could you not have been content
with that last good-by at the monastery?
It is cruel to both of us— to me especally
— that we must have the parting over
again." She had gone to the divan and
now dropped limply among the cushions,
resting her head on her hand.
"I was determined to see you," he said.
"They shall not kill me nor are you t«r*.
sacrifice your lather's domain. Worse
than all, I feared that you might yield to
Gabriel—"
"Ach! You insult me when you say
that! I yielded to Lorenz because X
thought It my duty and because I dared
not admit to myself that I loved you. But
Gabriel! Ach!" she cried, scornfully.
"Grenfall Lorry, I shall marry no man.
You I love, but you I cannot marry. It
is f.oUy to dream of it, everLas a possibil
ity" When you go from Graustark to
morrow night you take my heart, my life,
my soul with you. I shall never see you
again— God help me to say this— I shall
never allow you to see me again. I tell
you I could not bear it. The weakest and
strongest of God's creations is woman."
She started suddenly, half rising. "Did
any one see you come to my room? Was
Quinnox sure?"
Continued Next Week.
1920
THE SUNDAY CALL.Pages 21 to 32
VOLUME XCI.-XO 22.
SECRETARY ROOT SEVERELY REPROVES THE ARMY'S COMMANDING OFFICER;
SECRETARY LONG CLOSES SCHLEY CONTROVERSY BY APPROVING MAJORITYREPORT
LIEUTENANT GENERAL MILES RECEIVES CENSURE BY ROOT
explanation of the public statement made by you is not satisfactory. You, are in error if you say that
2f you have the same right as any other citizen to express publicly an opinion regarding the questions pending
in ihc cause of military discipline. The established, invariable rules of official propriety necessary to the effective dis
cipline of the service impose limitations upon the public expression of military officers with which your long experience
should have made you familiar. Your duty is to express your opinion on official matters when "called upon by. your
official superiors or in the due course of your official reports and recommendations, and not otherwise'.] .
"It would not be tolerated in a subaltern, and it zvill not be tolerated m any officer of whatever rank"-~
Extract from Secretary Root's letter of 'reprimand to General Miles.
SCHLEY CASE
IS DISPOSED
OF BY LONG
Secretary of the. Navy Ap
proves Findings of the
Majority.
Notifies Counsel on Both
Sides There Will Be No
Further Action.
<«- « - yASHINGTON, Dec. 2L— Secre-.
j» / tary Long has disposed flnal
'ft A» / ly of the Schley case, so far
¥y ¥m as the Navy Department Is
T Y concerned, by acting upon the
findings and conclusions of
the court of inquiry.
He approves the findings of fact and
the opinion of the full court; he approves
the majority opinion where there is a
difference In the court; he holds that the
court could not have entered Into a con
sideration of the question of command at
. the battle of Santiago, and, finally, he ao-
the recommendation that no further
proceedings shall be had.
The Secretary also has declined the-ap
plication of Admiral Sampson's counsel to
enter upon an inquiry into the question of
command, and has notified Admiral
Schley' s counsel of that fact aa a reason
for declining to hear them on that point.
Apprwres the Majority Report.
Secretary Long's approval of the major
"ty report was as follows:
"The department has read the testimony
in this case, the arguments of counsel at
■Jhe trial, the court's findings of fact, opin
ion and recommendations, the Individual
memorandum of the president of the
court, the statement of exceptions to the
said findings and opinion by the applicant,
the reply to said statement by the Judge
advocate of the court and his assistant
and the brief this day submitted by coun
sel for Rear Admiral Sampson, travers
ing the presiding member's view as to
who was in command at the battle of San
tiago. And after careful consideration the
"ndlngs of fact and the opinion of the
[Oil court are approved. As to the points
on which the presiding member differs
from the majority of the court, opin
ion of the majority is approved.
"As to the further expressions of his
by the same member with regard
to the questions of command on the morn
r.g cf July 3, 1SSS, and of the title to cred
it for the ensuing victory, the conduct of
:he court in making no finding and ren
dering no opinion on those questions is
approved- Indeed, It could properly take
r.o other course, evidence on these ques
tions during the inquiry having been ex
cluded by the court.
Wo Further Proceedings.
"The department approves the recom
mendation of the court that no further
proceedings be had in the premises.
"The department records its apprecia
tion of the arduous labors of the whole
court "JOHN D. LONG,
"Secretary of the Navy."
The text of the Secretary's letter to
Admiral Sampson's attorney and Admiral
Schley follows:
"Navy Department, "Washington, D. C,
Dec. 20, 1901.— Gentlemen: In view of the
department's approval this day of the
recommendation of the court of inquiry
in the case of Rear Admiral Schley that
no further proceedings be had, and of the.
fact that the question of command was
excluded from consideration by the court,
the department will take no action upon
ilit brief filed by you in behalf of Rear
AO/Kira! William T. Sampson. Very re
rpectfully. V' "JOHN D. LONG,
"Secretary of the Navy.
"Messrs. Stayton, Campbell & Theall."
Admiral Schley Advised.
Secretary Long also sent the following
letter to Rear Admiral Schley:
"Navy Department, Washington, D. C,
Dec. 20. 1901.— Sir: Referring to the de
partment's letter of the 13th instant, you
c-e advised that action to-day has been
taken upon the findings, opinions and re
commendation of the court of inquiry in
your .case, and upon the minority opinion
of the presiding member, and a copy of
the indorsement embodying such action is
hefewlth transmitted for your informa
tion.
"In response to your request of the 15th
inst.. heretofore acknowledged, that If a
protest should be filed by Bear Admiral
\V. T. Sampson relative to the question
of command of the American naval forces
during the battle of Santiago and credit
for tlie victory won In that battle, you be
acofcrded an opportunity to present
through your counsel oral argument
against such protest, you are advised that
Continued en Page Twenty-Two.
The San Francisco Call.
REPRIMAND FOR THE COMMANDER.
Head of War Department Issues a Stinging Rebuke
to the Ranking Officer of the Army.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— A de
termination on the part of
the administration absolute
ly to terminate further dis
cussion of the Sampson-
Schley controversy took
shape In the publication to-day of some
remarkable correspondence that has
passed between Secretary Root and Lieu
tenant General Miles relative to the lat
ter's Interview, published in a Cincinnati
paper, commenting upon the Schley case.
When the interview appeared it attract
ed much attention officially, but after the
lapse of two days without any sign of
official action the conclusion became gen
eral that the interview would be ignored.
Therefore, the publication this afternoon
of the full correspondence on this sub
ject created a sensation in army and
naval circles. It is seldom, that so severe
a reprimand is administered to an officer
of high rank in either service. What the
result will be cannot be foretold, although
it is assumed that General Miles will sub
mit without further, comment
The nearest parallel of this case of re
cent years, excluding - the incidents con
nected with the celebrated beef inquiry,
was that of Rear Admiral Richard
Meade, who upon returning from a^crulse
in Venezuelan waters with the white
squadron, accorded an interview to a
New York newspaper, severely criticizing
the administration for its lack of vigor
in dealing with the Venezuelan question.
The outcome of that case was the early
retirement of the rear admiral from ac
tive service.
That General Miles appreciates the situ
ation Is shown by the deep concern he
„* ; A3S T "FBAN CISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER *J2, 1 yOl-FORTY-FOUll PAG ES.
manifested to-day and his frequent visits
to the office of. Secretary Root. It was
necessary for him to write two letters
to meet the demands of the department
and even then there was no expression of
satisfaction, on the Secretary's part at
the second explanation. However, Secre
tary Root himself regards the incident as
closed. At least, he does not purpose to
take any further action unless obliged to
GO SO.
The text of the correspondence^ which
passed between the Secretary of War and
General Miles follows:
/"WAR DEPARTMENT, WASHING
TON, D. C, Dec. 19, 1901.— Sir: 'I -am In
structed by the President to call your at
tention to the inclos"ed report of an Inter
view with you, appearing in the . Assoclr
ated Press newspapers of Tuesday, De
cember 17, and ; to inquire whether the
observations upon the action of a cch
ordinate branch of the service in ; a mat
ter now. pending in the Navy Department
were made* as reported, and if so, to af
ford, you such opportunity for explanation
in writing "as you may desire.- Very re
spectfully,
"ELIHU ROOT. Secretary of War.
"Lieutenant General Miles, Headquar
ters of the-Army." ; . : -;- : .i< t p'-r^ ; i
Explanation Made by. Miles.
To. the' Secretary's letter Generar Miles
made this' reply: '• . . - '
"HEADQUARTERS OF THE ;ARMY,
WASHINGTON,' D. C., . Dec. 20, 19Ol'.--The
Honorable* the "Secretary of War,'; Wash-;
ington.D. C— Sir: Replying; to' your note
of the 19th Inst.*; I have, the honor to state
that my observations, as /substantially
aa W AM willing to take the judgment of Admiral Dcwcy in the matter. He has been a commander of a Heel and
M as such has knozvn the anxieties and responsibilities zvhich rest upon a man under these circumstances. He
zvas instrumental in the destruction of one Spanish fleet and knozvs and realizes the feelings that encompass an officer
under such conditions. I think Dcwcy has summed up the matter in a clear and concise manner, and I believe his con
clusions zvill be indorsed by the patriotic people^of the United States. I have no sympathy zviih the efforts which have
been made to destroy the honor of an officer under such circumstances" — General Miles' comment on the findings of
the Schley Court of Inquiry.
PEOPLE WHO FIGURE PROMI
NENTLY IN THE SCHLEY
SAMPSON CONTROVERSY.
General Gieary Violates
the; Regulations.
reported, had no reference to the action,
pending or', otherwise, of , co-ordinate
branches of the service; they were merely
my personal : views based upon matters
get forth : in various publications which
had been' given to" the j world, and con
cerning which'. I conceive there was no
impropriety In expressing -an opinion the
same as any other citizen upon a matter
of such public Interest My observations
were In no sense. intended as a criticism
of any action taken by a co-ordinate
branch of the service, and the statement
that -I had had no | sympathy, with any
efforts tending to disparage a distin
guished and gallant officer likewise had
Continued on Page Twenty-Two-
CAUSE OF* THE REPRIMAND.
"Historian" Maclay, the Traducer of Schley, Is Re
quested to Resign From the Service
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21.— The
following order . was made
public this afternoon:
"NAVY DEPARTMENT,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 20, 1901.
Rear Admiral A. S. Barker,
Commandant Navy Yard, New York— Sir:
I am directed by the President to asft
Edgar S. Maclay, special laborer, general
storekeeper's office,' navy yard. New York,
to send in hi3 resignation. Very respect
fully, . JOHN D. LONG, Secretary."
Secretary Root was designated to make
public the request for Maclay's resigna
tion after a conference ; with the Presi
dent, and it was given to the press by
him. The position of the administration
is that nothing .which. tends to revive the
Schley-Sampson controversy. will be toler
ated in any officer of the army or navy.
BALTIMORE; : Dec. . 21.— Isidor Raynor.
Attorney ■ General ; of Maryland and coun
sel' for Admiral Schley,.; when, shown the
decision of Secretary Long : to-day de
clared that . "the whole proceeding is ar
bitrary-and tyrannical," and manifested
great surprise and: indignation. , i
V'The court decided the case," said he,
'.'without considering the testimony of Ad
miral ■ Schley and j his and Sec
retary Long seems to have decided it
without ;so much as permitting us to file
a reply to \ the- protest filed, by Admiral
Sampson's attorneys.
- "This protest : was ' filed - late ■ yesterday
afternoon, and. just one hour .ago we fin
ished our reply to it and sent it to Wash
ington.; ■ . . .'■-•' . .;'* ' .
: '.'Now. I understand that .the Secretary
has decided against Dewey and 'adverse
to Schley's being in command at San
tiago, and virtually. In favor of, Sampson,
without even permitting us to produce be
fore' him the conclusive proof, admitted
at the hearing by 'consent! that the com
mand practically and officially devolved
upon Schley. The whole proceeding is too
arbitrary and tyrannical" for me now to
discuss. I really wonder whether the
people who live under free institutions
will toleratethe exercise of such despotic
measures, .
"You ask me what our next step will
be. I do not know, unless the President
intervenes. There is a power In the courts
to ' compel , the*. Secretary to file the dis
senting opinion of Admiral Dewey, wheth
er he agrees with it' or not We will de
termine next week what proceedings will
be adopted." '••.":
Secretary Gage to Be. Honored.
■WASHINGTON. . Dec. 21.— Secretary
Gage has gone to New York. He expects
to be at' his desk In the Treasury Depart
ment next Monday, morning., '" ; :v
NEW YORK, Dec' 21.-Secretary Gage
will be Uve special guest at a dinner at
the Metropolitan Club to-night given by
Frank Vanderlip. . The dinner will be a
private affair. - V' ; rV
Mrs.. Roosevelt Holds a Eeception.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. v 21— Mrs.
Roosevelt held her. second public recep
tion of .the season this afternoon at 3:15.
Hundreds of ladles availed themselves of
the opportunity to call on her. The Ma
rine Band played throughout the recep
tion.
'Pages 21 to 32
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FAMOUS NAVAL
INQUIRY COURT
IS DISSOLVED
In Conformity With Secre
tary's Order, Dewey Makes
Announcement
Admiral Schley Refuses to
Comment on Action of
Authorities.
WASHINGTON, Dee. 2L—Sec
retary Long this afternoon
issued the formal order dis
solving the Schley court of
inquiry. The order was
communicated at once to
Admiral Dewey. president of
the court, who acknowledged its receipt
and said that In conformity with the order
of the Secretary he had announced the
dissolution of the couvt.
Order Dissolving the Court.
Following is the text of the letter sent
by Secretary Long to Admiral Dewey this
afternoon dissolving the Schley court of
Inquiry:
"The court of inquiry, of which you are
president, ■ convened by department's
order of July 26, lSOl, for the purpose of
inquiring into the conduct of Rear Ad
miral (then Commodore) W. S. Schley. U.
S. N.. retired, during the recent war witli
Spain, and the event3 connected there
with, is this day dissolved. You will la
form the other members of the court and
the Judge advocate accordingly. Very r#
spectfully, |
"JOHN D. LONG. Secretary.
"To the Admiral of the Navy."
Schley Has No Comment-
When seen at hla hotel this afternoon
Admiral Schley stated that he did not
care to make any comment whatever on
the action taken by Secretary Long on
the findings of the court of Inquiry. Tha
admiral said that he would leave Wash
ington on Monday next for New York.
where ho will remain for an indefinite
period.
Raynerand Teague, of counsel for Ad
miral Schley, were in Baltimore to-day
and in their absence the admiral was not
prepared to say whether any further ac
tion would be taken in his behalf at the-
Navy Department or In Congress, or
whether or not a final appeal to President
Roosevelt would be made.
THREE MEN ARE KILLED
IN A TRAIN DISASTER
Freight Cars Jump From High
Trestle and Fall in a
Valley.
NASHVILLE. Tenn., Dec 2L-A fart
freight on the Louisville and Nashville
road jumped the track on a trestle near
Ridge Top to-day and was precipitated
130 feet Into the valley. Engineer Fitz
gerald and Brakemen Walter Anderson
and Eskrldge were killed outright and
Conductor Mehan was probably fatally in
jured.
HELENA, Mont., Dec. 2L— A freight
wreck occurred last night on the North
ern Pacific twenty-five miles west of Gar
diner, and as a result twenty cars of mer
chandise are lying at the bottom of the
Missoula River and traffic is suspended,
three overland passenger trains being held
at Missoula. The accident is supposed to
have been caused by the breaking of a
rail or wheel flange by the cold weather,
which caused the train to separate, un
coupling the rear portion, which tumbled
down the mountain Into the river. No
one wa3 injured.' ... •*■-'.
Death. Calls Chinese Official.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 21.— ThO
United States Minister to China reports
to the State Department under date of
the 4th ultimo that Hsu Spoupeng. first
vice-president of the newly-elected For
eign Office, died October 30, after a short
Illness! The deceased was at one time
Secretary of State for the Chinese Lega
tion at Washington. By reason of his
foreign experience and his progressive
ideas he was regarded as one of the best
of the new leaders Nof state, and his un
timely death is very much regreted.
New Command for Marine Officer.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Dec. 21.— Colonel
James Forney of the Marine Corps, who
Is now In command of the marines at tha
League Island Navy-yard. Philadelphia,
has been ordered to Cavlte. P. I., to as
sume command of the first brigade of
marines.
Transports for the Orient.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Dec. 21.— The
transport Crook sailed from Gibraltar to
day for Manila and the transport Warren
arrived at Nagasaki with troops from the
Philippines for San Francl3co«.22
DB. gTLMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
IS IT AN EPIDEMIC?
Vital Statistics Show an Alarming
Increase in an Already Prevailing
Disease — Are Any Exempt?
At no time in the history of disease has
there been such an alarming increase in
the number of cases of any particular
malady as In that of kidney and bladder
troubles now preying upon the people of
this country.
To-day we see a relative, a friend or an
acquaintance apparently well, and in a
few days we may be grieved to learn of
their serious illness or sudden death,
caused by that fatal type of kidney
trouble— Sright's disease.
Kidney trouble often becomes ad-
vanced Into acute stages before the
afflicted is aware of its presence: that is
why we read of so many sudden deaths
of prominent business and professional
men, physicians and others. They have
neglected to stop the leak in time.
While scientists are puzzling their
brains to find out the cause, each indi-
vidual can by a little precaution avoid the
chances of contracting dreaded and dan-
gerous kidney trouble, or eradicate It
completely from their system if already
afflicted. Many precious lives might have
been, and many more can yet be saved,
by paying attention to the kidneys.
It is the mission of The Call to benefit
its readers at every opportunity and
therefore we advise all who have any
symptoms of kidney or bladder trouble to
write to-day to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bing-
bamton, N. Y., for a free sample bottle
of Swamp-Root, the celebrated specific
which is having such a great demand and
remarkable success in the cure of the
most distressing kidney and bladder
troubles. With the sample bottle of
Swamp-Root will also be sent free a
pamphlet and treatise of valuable infor-
mation.
Koh!er& Chase j
can save you {
$50 to $100 on a
Easy Terms of I
Payment J
Choice of Knabe, Fisch- [
er and eight other lead- [
ing makes |
Headquarters' E
2 6, 28 and 30 O'FarreU Street %
SAN FRANCISCO £
M^B.-— — ■—^~- him in i g
U than skin deep. Beauty
17 depends upon good blood and good
jj blood dependa upon good digestion.
B The ereetest beauty specific on
H psrth Is "R /\J>&
h K1XLER. which CLEARS THE
B BKIN through Its purification of
Ij the blood. It destroys all microbes
K of disease, stimulates the digestive
ji and vital functions to healthy
H action and MAKES THE SKIN
I] YOUTHFUL. AND SMOOTH. $1
H a bottle; *3 a Jug. Circulars. 6am-
Q pie and blood examination free.
j| W«<«j«ni's Icrob- Killer o .
if 147O Wurtrrt fit — . m r>t i <■;-,
USELESS WIRES
ANNOY BRITONS
Liondon People Now De
mand Underground
System.
LONDON, Dec. 21.-The breakdown of
England's telegraphic system, which Is
still in a state of semi-chaos as the re
sult of the recent severe storms, has pro
duced a widespread demand for under
ground wires.
This system is already in use between
London and Birmingham and is being ex
tended northward. The Postofflce au
thorities point to the tremendous expense
\rtiich would be involved in changing
from overhead to underground wires
throughout the United Kingdom, but
those who are agitating for the change
maintain that the loss caused by the re
cent storms would have gone far tov/ard
defraying the outlay which the Postoffice
dreads.
It is estimated that London alone lost
£200.000 by the breaking down of tna
telegraph wires, while the railroads
calculate their loss from the same cause
about £40,000. Another objection put
forward by the Government Is that
underground wires are slower and harder
to work than overhead vires..
Though the damage was inflicted over
a week ago, telegraphic and telephonic
communication between London and the
provinces Is still incomplete, and in some
instances is not yet restored.
Ixrrely California. Women — See typea of fe
male beauty in Christmas Wasp. Cosmopoli
t&n California illustrated. Eold at all news
ctanda. 25 cents. •
Parliament Member Goes, to Jail.
DUBLIN, Dec. 2L— John P. Hayde,
Member of Parliament . for South Ros
common, a newspaper proprietor, has been
sentenced at Balllnlough, Roscommon, to
twenty-one days' imprisonment for incit
ing boycotting and the non-payment of
rent. Six other persons of minor Import
ance were sentenced to terms of imprison
ment on the same charge, varying: from a
fortnight to a month.
I _dL li^buWantTheBgjt |
ffip >|fi^ KOHN BRO&. MAKERS
I ft '\^WW CHICAGO.
I H Wk your dealer does not handle
ill mi "GAYROCK- BRAND"
H) ['g write us and we will furnish
wj j! I the name of one who does. E
W \ff\ Write forour large map of the United States 1
sent free on application. Address Dept. B, I
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
KAISER'S WORDS
AROUSE ARTISTS
All Germany Is Stirred
Up Over Imperial
Criticism.
Half a Million Persons Are
Without Work in
Germany.
BERLIN, Dec. 2L— Emperor William's
discourse on art during the dinner which
he gave at the palace on Wednesday even'
ing to painters and sculptors is the prin
cipal topic discussed • in the drawing
rooms and doctorial assemblages here. It
has even got into those socio-political
controversies which occupy so much of
the attention of the educated classes in
Germany, as well as that of the agita
tors in the cafes.
His Majesty's repugnance to natural
ism arises, the defenders of the modern
school aver, solely from his antipathy to
social democracy. The common talk at
court is that artists such as Liebermann
and Uhde, who delight In scenes repre
senting the of the poor, must be so
cialists, fellows without a country. The
political bias of the Emperor's artistic
opinions is the only explanation the crit
ics find for his condemnation of the work
of Boecklin, Liebermann, Stuck, Uhde
and even Menzel, on whom his Majesty
bestowed the Order of the Black Eagle.
None of these were present at the dinner,
but they had defenders among those who
were there. After the ladleq withdrew
Emperor William took the guests to
Heinrich's Hallen, where over beer and
tobacco they discussed the doctrines his
Majesty had laid down in his speech. The
Emperor's good humor emboldened sev
eral of those present to disagree with
him, and they rather plainly intimated
that they believed injustice to some of
the first artistic names in Germany had
been done in saying that their work
brought art down to the gutter. His
Majesty returned argument . for argu
ment, as he loves a fight of any kind, and
he is described as having been particu
larly lively in repartee. The sitting was
prolonged for several hours.
The completion of the thirty-two groups
of statuary in the Sieges Allee, Emperor
William's gift to the nation, is the text of
a number of articles surveying the ar
tistic merit of the series. The general
opinion seems to be that it is of doubtful
value. The whole series is tiresome and
monotonous. The cost, which his Majesty
paid out of his own pocket, exceeds 2,(XK),
000 marks.
This is a gloomy Christmas In Ger
many. A half-million persons are unem
ployed, and the consequent wretchedness
darkens the holidays. Even the well-to
do are most Indifferent. They are unable
to avoid seeing the misery of the cellar
dwellers of Berlin. Reports from everj'
part of the empire Indicate that extraor
dinary demands are being made on the
poor funds and private agencies for the
relief of the destitute. Several new char
itable societies have been organized In
Berlin, and three or four times more than
the usual holiday contributions to the
poor have been distributed, yet the dis
tress seems scarcely diminished.
The municipal councils of Cologne,
Stuttgart, Leipzig, Berlin and other cities
are discussing the question of municipal
aid, without reaching anything very defi
nite. The provincial government of Weis
baden has determined to distribute relief
from the provincial treasury. . .,..■-■:
One amelioration of the situatipn upon
which both trades unions and emploj'ers
agreed is the dismissal of foreign labor
ers, many thousands of . wnom, Czechs.
Poles. Italians and Russians, obtained
work in Germany during the boom period.
The Government approves or the dismissal
of these men and of giving preference to
Germans. The managers of the great
Laura Iron Works in Silesia, in discharg
ing 800 foreign workmen, said the authori
ties had advised taking this step. Other
large establishments have taken the same
course and the ducal Government of An
halt has discharged and expelled from
the duchy all foreign laborers in the Gov
ernment establishments. Expulsions of
foreigners by the local authorities have
occurred in other parts of Germany.
The census of the unemployed in Ber
lin shows that 59.593 persons are out of
work here. The Socialists,- in interpellat
ing the municipal government on the
subject this week, said the number would
be 80,000 after the Christmas work was
over. ' The burgomaster said he believed
this estimate was excessive.
ROOSEVELT HONORS
A CONSPICUOUS NEGRO
Man "WTao Struck Down the Assassin
of McKinley Is Called to Wash
ington.
ALTOONA, Pa., Dec. 21.— Called to'
Washington by President Roosevelt to re
ceive as a Christmas gift the first offi
cial recognition of his bravery in knock-
Ing down Assassin Czolgosz when he shot
McKinley In Buffalo last September,
James B. Parker, a negro, passed through
Altoona to-nleht en route to the capital.
He will receive a Federal appointment
that will make him a national character.
"It's to be p messengership in the Sen
ate," said Parker to-night, "and as far
as I am concerned. It comes unsolicited
and v unexpected. Senators Hanna and
Mason have been interesting themselves
in my behalf and have kindly solicited
the place of all places I have wished for."
TnE SAN CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1901.
BY CABLE TO THE CALL;
PANAMA STOCK
MUST BE SOLD
Shareholders Willing to
Accept the Terms
of America.
At a Stormy Meeting the
French Canal Company
Admits Its Failure.
PARIS, Dec. 21.— At the meeting of the
board of directors of the Panama Canal
Company Thursday President Hutin, who
recently returned here from the United
States, and M. Choron, the director of
works, resigned their offices. The report
presented at the meeting of the share
holders of the Canal Company here this
afternoon reviews the negotiations for the
sale of the canal property to the United
States and says:
The decision of the isthmian commission was
evidently due to a misunderstanding which
must. toe dissipated. We shali aek you to .give
us full powers to negotiate with the Govern
ment ot the United States under the' reserve
of submitting for your approval the figure
upon wh:ch the representatives of the Ameri
can Government agree and the mandatory to
whom we shall intrust the continuance ol the
negotiations. Our negotiator will be instructed
to notify the American Government that we
are prepared to set aside the valuations which
have been considered as the price asked, and
which have been judged unacceptable, and we
offer to take as a basis of discussion the fig
ures and declarations contained in the conclu
sions of the Isthmian commission's report. Wo
shall, moreover, give our mandatory power to
close the discussion by proposing a fixed price.
We hope this simple categorical offer will ex
ercise a favorable Influence upon the future ne
gotiations.
M. P. Forot, the former comptroller
general of the army, and M. Bourgeois,
the former Minister of Finance, will re
place MM. Hutln and Choreron.
Must Sell at Any Price.
After an uproarious session the share
holders almost unanimously voted to
adopt the proposition set forth in the re
port, empowering the board to conclude
the sale and concession to the United
States of all the Panama Canal Com
pany's properties, subject to the limita
tions specified above.
"Get the United States to buy the canal
at any price, in order to save some of our
money," seemed to be the prevalent feel
ing and gist of the speeches of the share
holders. About 250 shareholders were
present, Including a number of ladies. In
the absence of M. Hutin a shareholder
presided. A storm broke- immediately
after the report had been reached. The
shareholders were greatly excited by the
news that M. Hutin had resigned and de
manded explanations of what had oc
curred at the meeting of the board at
which he had resigned. The chairman's
delay in. replying to questions led to
vituperations which were launched at the
heads of. the directors by several share
holders, whose modest attitude indicated
that they had been severe sufferers on ac
count of the Panama failure.
Eventually the proceedings degenerated
into such a tumult that policemen were
summoned to expel one of the noisiest
shareholders, who approached the direc
tors* table, thumped it with hip fist, yelled
at the top of his voice and shook a hand
ful of papers in the face of the chair
man. ' ■ '■ ' A . '■ '•
Why Hutin Resigned.
The intrusion of the policemen raised
such pandemonium that they felt com
pelled to withdraw, and the delinquent
subsided.
The few speakers who secured a hear
ing urged the adoption of the board's
proposals, as being the shareholders' only
salvation.
One speaker said It was palpably im
possible for the company to finish the
canal, as it could not raise money any
where In France or in the rest of Eu
rope. He added that a large shareholder,
M. Bunau-Varilla, who had published an
appeal to the shareholders, and others -at
the beginning of the year to contribute
funds to carry on the work, secured prom
ises of -only 200,000 francs.
Other speakers appealed to them to
cease the tumult, as the moment was de
cisive in regard to the fate of their mil
lions.
; Finally the chairman rose- and made a
statement which soothed his hearers.; Ho
said there was no contradiction in -the
resignation of Hutin and the expressions
of appreciation of his labors contained, in
his report. The board :hacL- considered the.
situation resulting from'. 'the Isthmian
Commissioners'- decision, - and . had come
to the conclusion that a change of policy
was needed. . . : " .■,. . •
They therefore made the \ proposition
contained In the >eport; : but as it .was
thought that the negotiations with the
United States might run smoother with
out M. Hutin,, the latter, resigned. The
meeting, appeased by this explanation,
then approved of the .prppoj itlcn made In
the report. .'. . , • .
Absconding Postmaster Caught.
ST. PAUL. Dec' 21.— Frank F. Goocison,
•whovhas been a ! clerk In a' St. Paul- pro
cery store since last August, was arrested
to-day by Deputy United States ; Marshal
Baudy on a charge ' of ~ embezzlement.
Goodson was formerly Postmasterjj ( at
South Park, a suburb of Seattle. His* ac
counts were checked up last July; and. It
is alleged it was found that he was short.
Goodson immediately left that part of, the
country, but was recently located through
letters he wrote to his. mother-in-law at
Omaha. ■" / . . .'*.'.
Goodson was arraigned before United
States Commissioner Spencer, who fixed
bail at $5000, in default of, which Goodson
•was committed to jail. An order wlll.iie
obtained from Judge Lochran to have
Goodson sent to Seattle. • . : .' „ ' .
Wreck of Trains Near Milan.
ROME, Dec. 21.— Two trains were
wrecked to-day in a collision near Mele
ganano, ten miles southeast of Milan. Six
persons were killed and fifteen were se
riously injured.
SCHLEY CASE DISPOSED OF BY LONG
Continued from Page : Twenty-One.
a brief on this subject has this day been
filed by Messrs. Stayton, Campbell &
Theall, counsel - for Admiral Sampson.
"In view, however, of the department's
approval of the recommendations., of .the
court of inquiry that no further proceed
ings be had and of the fact that the ques
tion of command was excluded from con
sideration'by the court no action will be
taken on said brief and reply to that ef
fect (copy inclosed) has this day been
made to counsel for Admiral Sampson.
"A copy of the report of the judge ad
vocate of the court and his assistant,
upon your communication of the 18th
lnst., objecting to the approval of the
findings of - the court, is also herewith
transmitted. Very respectfully,' :.■*,'■ ■'-. '■■:
"JOHN D. LONG. V
"Secretary of the Navy."
. "Rear Admiral Winfleld S. Schley, U.'
S. N., retired, the Richmond, Washing
ton, r>. c."
OFFICIALS JOIN
REBEL FORCES
President of Venezuela
Has More Trouble
in Prospect.
Entire Country Is Said 'to
Be Ready for an
Uprising.
WILLEMSTAD. Island of Curacao, Dec.
21. — General Luciano Mendoza, President
elect of the State of Crababo; Senor An
tonio Fernandez, War Minister under
President Andrade, and Senor Lutowsky,
War Minister for President Crespo's Cab
inet, rebelled Thursday against President
Castro near La Victoria. The revolution
ists reached Cagua, on the way to VJlla de
Cura, where their partisans had concen
trated from all of the surrounding dls
triotB.
The movement, It is asserted, had Ion?
been premeditated and it is In accord with
that of General Matos, who is expected at
Martinique to-morrow. It is considered -a
terrible blow against President Castro,
who Immediately upon learning of the.up
rising dispatched troops 'from Maracaibo
by rail, but found the lines destroyed at
Cagua. Traffic on the German railroad is
interrupted aj)d telephone and telegraph
lines have -been cut. - .
Another uprising, it is reported, has
taken place near Valencia and it is said
that the entire country Is ready to take
up arms against the administration of
General Castro. Tho Government censor
ship is strictly enforced. Official circles
in Caracas, consider the Mendoza" move
ment an extremely serious. one and fear
that other uprisings will occur. '
COLON, Colombia: Dec. 21.— Senor Pinel,
a member of the firm of Plnel Brothers
of Panama; has just returned to Panama
from Garachlne, close to the • Darien
mines, whither he had gone on business
for his firm, which acts as agent for the
Darien- Company. He reports. that 1 on ar
riving at Garaehlne sixty revolutionists
under Cabezas opened fire upon his party,
killing the captain' of the boat in which
he was traveling, and that he himself es
caped only upon the payment of $500. . Ca
bezas" and his followers had* come from
Tumaco and we're aware that Colon had
surrendered. ' ' ...
The Darien mines have resumed work
after a lapse of several months. It is ru
mored that General Diaz denies having
sent a telegram to President Castro ask
ing him to send reinforcements and a
fleet ' to capture the Colombian gunboat
General Pinzon, as was reported recently.
TWO REPUBLICS
SEVER RELATIONS
Argentina Wires ; Minjs|
ter to Withdraw ;*;v
Prom Chile. :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUENOS ATRES, Dec. 21.— The Argen
tine'Government has wired to its Min
ister in Chile, Senor Portela, authorizing
him to leave Santiago. This announce
ment has just, been made as a result of
the failure of Minister -Pbrtela and the
Chilean Secretary of Foreign' Affairs to
reach an agreement on the points at .a
sue between the two republics. The Ar
gentine Cabinet had a- 1 meeting to-day.
After it had ended the Minister of For
eign "Affairs, Senor Alcorta, said that
Minister Portela had been directed to
leave Santiago, if Chile did not accept Ar
gentina's proposal for a settlement of'tho
controversy. This statement made, it
seems very probable that Minister Por
tela would be recalled. •
. The withdrawal of the Argentine Min
ister will not provoke war immediately,
but it does increase the gravity of the sit
uation. There is a belief that the whole
matter may be referred to King Edward
of Great Britain, who Is. arbitrator of the
boundary dispute, with an explanatory
note.
Military preparations are being pushed
in this country and also in Chile.
Argentina's War Preparations.
. It has been decided to establish a large
factory near Rosario for the making of
bullets and cannon balls. The principal
machinery necessary has already been
purchased. in Germany.; Twenty-two hun
dred seamstresses are actively engaged Jn
making uniforms. It is expected that
these will be finished by the end of Janu
ary. . ; . . .
•'The Cabinet has decided upon the or
ganization of two new . regiments 'of
mountain artillery.
It; is said that Senor Concha Subev
caseaux, the Chilean Minister here, has
placed before President Roca a prujo -t
for a new protocol which includes with
drawing the Argentine and Chilean o Ii
cials from the territory in dispute and
from Ultima Esperanza. .
According to the local news agency ihe.
adoption of the following plan,- sald'_ to
be of Chilean origin, as- a solution ui u»
Argentine-Chilean problem,' , is being
much discussed: N. . * ; s
First, the acceptance of .the clause in
the note concerning the - roads ; in The dis
puted territory. ' ' V
; Second, to submit to ..' arbitration the
document relating to the Uit'ma Esperan
za claims. . . ■ . "*' V,.': ; .'. '
Third, to submit to arbitration any di
vergence of opinion which may arise in
the future.
Fourth, an agreement to limit the arma
ments of the two countries.
* Great Excitement" in Peru.
LIMA, Peru, Dec. 21.— Excitement pre
vails here. Cablegrams ' from ■ Buenos
Ayres report that the Argentina Govern
ment has ordered the Argentine Minister
at Santiago de Chile to retire if- Chile
maintains the position she has assumed.
DETROIT, Dec. 21.— General Russell A.
Alper. former Secretary of War, who ia suf
fering from a severe attack of sail stones, - is
improving. . ■ . . .
p v Scrofula
- Few arp entirely free from it.
.It may develop bo "slowly as to cause
'little if any disturbance during the whole
period of childhood. •
It may then produce Irregularity of the
stomach «nd bowels, : dyspepsia, catarrh,
and marked tendency to consumption
before manifesting Itself in much cutaneous
eruption or glandular swelling. - , .
It is best to bo sure that you are quite
free from it. and for its complete eradica-
tion yqu'can rcly'on
Hood's Sdrsdpdriiia
The best of all medicines for all Iramora.
|' ADVERTISEMENTS. . {
RELY ON PE-RU-NA TO FIGHT
" ' - - ■• '' ■■■.'.-■•. ' .' ■
&S?& es ~ 7) fi I ■- \ SB I
Hartma^s "pTraZ^as^exoBifen. re ™™ & ™« "St™
remetiy lor the influenza of which we HHH^ wh«"SuSgS t SSl
then had several cases which threat- |||§||g|| BBS^fi^ pearan?e a ?hey h are nSt
ened io be of a serious character. - §ji*|i|Si&^l _#?§iC> - - •• r^^^^SBfiflB dlsconcerted » b ut know
pericr.ced such wonderful results tz^^M%&M silSili-S^iF^^^s^^Si v * ' . „ p^dent sisters have.
\, . . ., n l l == =- ■^- found Peruna a never failins
that since than rcrtma has OSCOm 5$^3§$pS%ffi/^^^^^^^Sll X^EEc^ "' :? % safeguard. They realize that
our favorite medicine for influenza "^ZZZffl/fl < mB^z^^:"--- :^~" when a disease ia of catarrhal na-
vu, i»»w»o luo^iuiiiB ivi- urn JUIIJ.U, •z-^2??2f J Y//J^5^5^=T> ~^==Ez i-^, ture Peruna is the remedy. Dya-
catarrh, Cold, COUgh and bronchitis. ZJtrZ'yfflf^^?. s"&~.~.s~^ ~~ pepsla and female weakness are
SISTER SUPERiOft. - . affferen" dlseasea^that dyspepsia
Dr. Hartman receives many letters from Catholic Sistera all over the United is catarrh of the stomach and female
States. ■ A recommend recently received from a Catholic institution in Detroit. weakness is due to catarrh of, the pelvio
"Mich., reads as follows: organs the Slaters are fully aware, conse-
«■*■«■■'■ ■■■■.«. o ...» . . . . . « -' - J -l -.---'-•-- '- - quently Peruna is their, remedy in "both
■ ■■■>■• ••■■•••<>•••• •••••• ••»••• •••••••••••• ••••••• t hese very common and annoying: dls-
Detroit, Mich., Oct. 8, 1901. \\ eaSes ' . ,
■Dr. S.B. Hartman, Columbus, Ohio: „' m Catarrh of Throat and Stomach!
Dear Sir— "The young girl who ussd the Peruna was suffanpg from . <> .. . . •..
laryngitis and loss of voice. The result of the treatment was most \ Mr. j. c. Metcaif, No. 3S» Eimwood
. /• i * »i r . , • i. , j /j ■» .1 r ,i • avenue, Chicago, 111., writes:
Satisfactory. She found great relief, and after farthsruse of the k hj a m 72 years old, have been troubled
medicine wd hope to be abb to say she is entirely cured." . - ■'!, with catarrh of the^throat and Btomach a
r J c , -4-cv. -r»c rujDiTV great deal and have tried almost every
„„.. . , - ■ it _ . a , t SI T£? ' . OF C \L ARI T. Y 4» kind of medicine, but none have done ma
'■ • This young girl was under the care of the Sisters of Charity and used Pe- <> so muc h good as Peruna. I was a. trav-
' runa for catarrh of the throat, with good results, as the above letter testifies. 1 1 e ij n g salesman for twenty-seven years,
1 ; ■ _ j •' _ . . .1 . . 1 . * and this is the cause of my trouble. To-
I •■•••■ •••■<■••••••• •••••• •■♦ ••••• •••••••••••••••••••> day 1 am feeling better than. I have for
.Another recommend from a Catholic in- have ! not a doubt that a cure will be the P a |t five years. I can heartily recom-
... ., - •■ . tVl _ />„„!,., etafaa snppdtlv ftft>rtcri " '■ ■ menu feruna to all who surrer from like
stitution of one of the Central States, speedily effected. Q _ SUPERIOR diseases as a sure and complete cure."-
written by the Sister Superior, reads as These are J- 9; METCALF.
loiiows. ; -' j) r Hartman from the various orders of •
"A number of years ago our attention Catholic Sisters throughout the United ' ' r»«*.«^.v
was called to Dr. Hartman's Peruna, and states. Pelvic Catarrh. ...
since then we have used it with wonder- The names and addresses to these let- \
ful results for grip, coughs, colds and ca- t ers have been withheld from respect to jjrs Ella Martin, No. 706 Monroe street.
tarrhal diseases of the head and stomach, the Sisters, but will be furnished upon re- *•*}*%*£ wrtW "ireei.
"For grip and winter catarrh especially quest. loieao, u., writes.. • ... :■ .
it has been of great service, to the inmates in every country of the civilized world na<J catarrn °* tlro womb and could
of this institution." - the Sisters of Charity are known. Not obtain little or no relief, and a friend of
SISTER SUPERIOR. only do they minister to the spiritual and mine who had been "benefited by Peruna
A prominent Mother Superior says: intellectual needs of those with whom advised me to give it a trial. I never had
• - I can testify from experience to the ef- they come in contact, but they also min- anvfaJth in natent medicines but I de-
ficiency of Peruna as one of the very best ister to their bodily needs. They are as 17^Z, T^il ?£™W a TflvJ °!!j«i t \»
medicines, and It gives me pleasure to skilled as trained nurses in their treat- cl ° e « to £lve Peruna a fair trial. I have
add my praise to that of thousands who ment of disease, and are looked upon as used five bottles, and now I do not feel a
have used it. ' >. . messengers of good cheer by countless pa- pang: or pain, such as I had continually
. years I suffered with catarrh of tient sufferers. ' iin/)pr?nn» «nrt mv ?m»ral health tav^rv
the stomach all remedies proving value- One-half of the diseases which afflict SSfS improved. I^h^k Peruna Is a God^
less for relief. Last spring I went to Col- mankind are due to some catarrhal de- , enfl t o suffering humanitv "—MRS EL-
orado, .hoping to be benefited by a change rangement of the-.mucous membrane lin- rfVf^TM ™
of climate, and while there a friend ad- ing some organ or. passage of the body. LA ? IAK11IV ' ■" " ' v • * >
vised me to try Peruna. After using two A remedy that would act immediately ' Jt you d0 not derive prompt and satls-
bottles I found myself very much im- upon the congested mucous membrane, factory.' results from the use of Peruna,
proved, The remains of my old disease restoring it to Its normal state, would write at once to Dr. Hartman, eivine a
being- now so slight, --I consider myself consequently cure all these diseases. Ca- full statement of your case and he win
cured, yet for a while I intend to continue tarrh is catarrh wherever located, wheth- tZ Jllll* *„ ° !v J ™,V >?«' J^avi., Va
the use of Peruna. '- er it be in the head, throat, lungs, stom- b f P leas « d t0 S lve you.nla valuable ad-
- "I amnow treating another patient with afch. kidneys or -pelvic organs. A remedy vice gratis. 1 ; .-. ' «
your medicine. She has been sick with that will cure it in one location will cure Address Dr. Hartman, President of The
malaria and troubled with leucorrhoea. I It in all- locations. ' ; Hartman Sanitarium Columbus O
GENERAL NELSON MILES 1 SEVERE REPRIMAND BY SECRETARY Of WAR ELIHU ROOT
Continued from Page Twenty-One.
no such reference. Very respectfully,
"NELSON A. MILES,
"Lieutenant General."
"Writes a Sscond Letter.
General Miles supplemented this letier
wilh the following, handed to the Secre
tary-to-day:
"HEADQUARTERS. OF THE ARMY,
WASHINGTON, D. C. Dec. 21, 19D1.-The
Honorable the Secretary of War — Sir:
Referring to my note of yesterday, and In
order that there may be no misunder
standing, I desire to say that for several
years a distinguished and gallant officer
has been assailed by parties who have en
deavored .to write him and other high offi
cials down, until finally he appealed
agiiinst such assaults to a co-ordinate
branch of the Government. That co
ordinate branch of the Government grant
ed him a court of inquiry, and, as I un
derstand It, they unanimously exonerated
him from such epithets as coward, poi
trcon.etc, and their opinions were given
to the public for the information of all
citizens. When I siid that I had no sym
pathy with those who had endeavored to
destroy the reputation of a high officer
who, like all other officers, regards his
honor more sacred than life I had in mind
ami . referred . to those assaults against
which the admiral appealed for protection
and justiUcatlon and certainly "not to -a
co-ordinate branch of the Government.
"I request that this note be laid before
the President and have no objection to it
being made public. Very' respectfully,
"NELSON A. MILES,
"Lieutenant General."
Root's Stinging Reprimand.
The reprimand 13 contained in the fol
lowing letter of Secretary Root to General
Miies:
"WAR DEPARTMENT, WASHING
TON, D. C, t>e,c. 21, 1901.— Sir: By direc
tion of the President I communicate to
you his conclusions upon your course in
tl'o interview to which your attention was
t PRESENTS '
V that tre useful and ■ 'sS^^S
i 7 will be 'appreciated -. .' 9¥uWw51
\ Opera Glasses ■ ■ 5$l$!fii
ii f Kace .and Field Glares . - ,• fejBWW .'
\' Binoculars, Lorgnettes • "*.-. SsjeiSi?!
z'- Gold . Soectacleb ■ ami ; !IRosH>5u
f Hearting Glasses '-'; 3* fi§a '-
Sterecscopes and Viaws £
. „ Photographic Appara- ' uSm
nl Kodaks and Cameras ' BBS
■f if
4> - OPTICIAN J^^
K, "2OIKEARNy3T" Iff
A. CGPNEaO^Sl/TTER W$$&\
■ Ik- ■ K0MK>wafcy-;RioToauri«5^g^f^
called by my letter of the 19th."- .
I'Ydur explanation of the public state
ment made by you is not satisfactory.
You are in error if you say that you have
the same right as any other citizen to ex
press publicly an opinion regarding the
questions pending in the course of mili
tary discipline. The established invariable
rules of official propriety necessary to the
effective discipline of the service impose
limitations upon the public, expression of
military officers, with whichVour long ex
perience should have made you familiar.
Your duty is to express ydur opinion on
official matters when called upon by your
official superiors or In the due course of
your official reports and recommenda
tions, and not otherwise.
"The first article of the regulations gov
erning the army of the United States pro
vides :
. " 'Deliberations or discussions among
military men conveying praise or censure
or any mark of approbation toward oth
ers In the military service are prohib
ited.'
"This provision has been a part of the
army regulations for at least a half-cen
tury, nnd the highest obligation to ob
serve It rests upon the officers whose high
rank should make them examples to their
subordinates. Any other rule of action in
the military service would be subversive
of discipline. It would not be tolerated In
a subaltern, and it will not be tolerated
in any officer of whatever rank.
Justly Idable to Censure. '
"The present facts are that for several
years there has been unfortunate and bit
ter controversy in the Navy Department—
a controversy generally deplored, even by
the participants, as tending to bring the
service Into disesteem at home and
abroad nnd to destroy those relations of
mutual confidence and friendship between
naval officers which the interests of ef
fective service require. In this . contro
versy the army has not been Involved,
ard no bar has been raised to that good
feeling and friendly relation between all
the officers of the navy and all the offi
cers of the army which is essential to the
successful /and harmonious co-operation
of the two services in preparation for and
in action. A court of inquiry has been
held on the matters in controversy and a
repcrt had been made in which one mem
ber of the court had dissented -in some
particulars from the majority, and the
report was pending before the reviewing
authority. At thia point the lieutenant
general of the army saw fit to make a
public expression of his opinion as be
tween the majority and the minority of
the court, accompanied by a criticism of
a most severe character, which could not
fail to be applied by the generality of
readers to the naval officers against
whose view your opinion- was expressed.
It is of no consequence on whose side
your, opinion was, or what it was. Vou
had no business in the controversy and
no right, holding the office which you did,
lo express any opinion. Your conduct
was in violation of the regulation above
cited and the rules of official propriety,
and you are justly liable to censure,
which I now express. Very respectfully,
"ELIHU ROOT,
"Secretary bf War.
"Lieutenant General Nel3on A. Miles.
Headquarters of the Army. '•
Docs Not Change Case.
"P. S.— Your second letter of explana
tion, dated to-day and received since the
above was written, does not change the
case. The necessity for repeated expla
nations but illustrates the importance of
the rule which you have violated.
> :' "ELIHU .ROOT.
"Secretary of War."
The fact that simultaneously with tbo
publication of the Miles correspondence
Secretary Root gave out a copy of Secre
tary Long's letter directing that Maclay's
resignation be requested, taken in con
nection with the publication this morning
of the final chapters of the Schley con
troversy, so far as it has figured before
the Navy Department, is taken as an in
dication of the President'3 purpose to
clear the official records of all pending is
sues on that matter. Secretary Root's
publication of the Maclay letter is ex
plained by the fact that he left the Whita
House some time after Secretary Long
had been there and thus was in position
to- carry out the President's Latest wua
in the matter.
Manchurian Treaty the Theme.
PEKING. Dec. 21.— Paul Lessar. the
Russian Minister here, and the- - Chines*
plenipotentiaries. Prince Chlng and Wang
Wen Shao, held their first meeting yes
terday as a preliminary to considering
the terms of the Manchurian treaty. They
also exchanged official calls and will take
up the treaty immediately. Previous to
this only informal communications,
through a third party, had passed be
tween Prince Ching* and M. Lessar tinea
the death of Li Huny Chang.
1 A Sensible I
I Xmas I
I Present. I
W ...WE SELL... ■. ' f,
SHOES
I Shoe Orders. £
I OUR STOCK IS I
P COMPLETE. t
I Every sort of SHOES and SLIP-
| PERS. far Men, Women and Chll-
1 dren, at BOTTOM PRICES.
m We Lead lir
|j Children's Footwear.
| Euy Your Shoes Here.
Lippiff & Fisher
£ 945 Market St. jZ
!i WE.QIVE'RED OR GREEN TRAD-
K IXO STAMPS.If you believe in making your boy a useful Christmas present,, what better eould%you choose than a good 3m
suit or overcoat? For the convenience of the many parents who select clothing for gifts; we mention below a ym \
(^ number of items that appeal to their judgment of values and sense of economy. . Bo
'^ Every suit and overcoat we here mention is the newest in style, while the prices are a'distinct saving, as the ||L
§ clothing is our own make, and in selling to you direct we save you the middleman's profit.
Although the store was crowded all last week, and the stock was materially reduced, the assortment is still m^
complete in every size, style and price.
ji The next two days will find us busier than ever, but our large department will enable you to purchase here
J|§ conveniently, satisfactorily and profitably. jm
P^^ ///// \W$: \> '/ //^^^^^s^^^^ > Yoke Norfolk Suits— Made of blue serge and Scotch tweeds; very latest '$0 Mj)? 0
J^^ Jw^zEr * /ZJSBjiM^ jOT^C, >$r W^v/m^^^^&^ iWk ox plait and belt, with or without shield, made in the best possible manner, /y/M ||1|'
' r f *^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^rls\\ ! \h % ii(§W\ i ®vm \™1wi \wi ' -^Sfl shade of brown tweed; serg?swiih fancy 'vest or made of same material as the (4j a^§
VS^I .^^ Two-PIccc Suits — Made of all-wool cheviots, tweeds and serge?, in- a w^ ' ////wvk. 1/1/ \x<^ £Mf I ll il§ilj>
V^SL Mttfr great variety of patterns and solid colors; our own make; good workmanship f%£^ ///Y/fuJ ]s Mil 1///$/$^ *^fl'l /lr T -^=sstv^^>>. \V///T (ill
: i^ «5*% Boys' Long Overcoats— Made of Scotch tweed, with yoked front and j®^ ! i|||B I || pl|l fl 111 r^T^y^W "^V^^K 0k^^0Wm/^^m^l^^
'ti&p £9 back, velvet collar, vertical pockets, lap cuffs, satin sleeve lining, ages 9 to 14^? ||«|| i || I f j m \lM'\ \ MWhilM ifp^Py^S;
'^^^ Ml5 years; swell, stylish garments, cut Hke men's; our. 'make; you get our guarantee {git lilHilS! ifflfl ll I I lir^f l\ \M lYvWi /ir^^f^fW^P^^mm^^C^K
£&<& f^^s double breasted style, ages 12 to 19 years; former prices $io.co to $i£.oo; sale price If lAIliillllil 111 t lllAl \m\ I W if vSv^vl it 'mr vWn Wisp rJtffl
I^^S^v^ town customers. To insure immedia'c re- Ml ■" eP^ -^ ■ - •, ■■■■* jfer ' be givsn in the exchange, • vJ*/*^.
y^sjkf P'Y fluuress Uwpanment n ( ' — «^-^ / - ■ , • ■ .. - .'' ■ 1 ? : also be made t ■ '^l3f« )
THE FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER ' 22, 1901.
2324
, ■ . \% A3>VERTISE3ffiElTTS,- ■ _..._
I GREATEST OF CHRISTMAS ATTRACT1QWS HERE MONDAY AND TUESDAY!
SH 9 m rumrr i nr nr 9 We liave prepared for record-breaking ■ sales here MON- O— ' .' O
£ lAniPvSlKDrmrnATQ' !DAT and TUE SPAY-the remaining business days left be-. SHk MufflftrS •
g LAUjLa' bILK PETTICOATS for© Christmas. Hundreds and hundreds^ of beautiful gift Olll\ lYIUIilCI»
Monday and Tuesday at &7.5O Each. things are here, all of them arranged for easy choosing. Our For Christmas Gifts. -:ZS
mSr^^b^Se. 11^?! 'with^wS"^^ Showings surpass any of OUT previous best efiEortS for they; A large variety; made of the best dependable 2
S= ated Hounce and ruche trlmmlns; In all the are much more Complete and attractive. YOU 'could never be- Black s "^; to-morrow and Tuesday at
£ Kff •SS5^. l^. ! .. 1^f!?.^i#SoSS fore sh °P so economically at holiday time and we were never $|.00, $1.50 and $2,00 Eatfi =S
Q Q better prepared to serve you more promptly and well. ' o— -— O Zm
I HANDKERCHIEFS FOR MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDREN MORE BLACK SILK REMNANTS AT GREAT REDUCTIONS |
£ 1^HS«&;?S^'% T v 1 ;^AX e Sf^"S«S»'?° rt §?' t 4 .. Remnants of Peaude Sole, Armure. Taffeta, GrosGraij and Duclesse. : 3
•£; that you can poaslbly select wUJ be more acceptable than handkerchiefs. Here we ment _ -.„ -i ' *!*** "' ' P '', ,,,-'. -, . -—
%*— tioa tome j of the grandest specials to be offered to-morrow, which are bound to crowd Our Silk Sales are famous, ror last Monday we announced a remnant r^g
■£- this popular department to the utmost. sale of Black S ilks— the response was quick, strong and hearty. It is al-
£ UdleS 1 HdkfS. Initialed HdkfS. Ladies' FailCVHdkfS. Silk HdkfS wa y s so - ow ' iffain lor to-morrow and also Tuesday if the quantities will ;2
5^ Special in I n OCft C»nli Extra oc nr '„ holdout Hereis an opportunity to secure' the finest Black Silks at a re- =2»
5= value, I Z20 Each /OC CaCili special ZOO E **r h . ZOC and OUC Eac ; h duction . of at least one-quarter and one-third on regular prices. Hun- -*m
J£Z 2°° d«wen ladles' The best values ob- • Hundreds of the Genta* All-silk dreds of short lengths of the choicest Black Silks will be closed out regard- -^
SZ embroidered and laca t ,. A1 J5^ most exquisite styles Handkerchiefs, very less of original cost or value. There are Waist. Skirt and Dress lengths,
trimmed Handker- Handkerchiefs," of a in lace-trimmed and large size and ■bu- varying from 2 to 15 yards each, embracing the very best qualities of PEAU --»
~ e^TSL«^" SSL fl w1th tSKEE?? Ha ?^ penor quality, with DE SOIE, TAFFETA. ARMURE, GROS GRAIN and SATIN
&Z toTnaoSTof them haTd^mbr1)17- pure"neV Als^thi exquisite Initials; DUCHESSE, which must be disposed pf-and nothing can be more ap-
*^~ ar» worth 20o each, ered initials — put up finest sorts of plain would make most ac- nrooriate for a gift than one of these inexpensive patterns. —*•
••*- On eale Monday and In dainty boxes, hemstitohed Hand- ceptable.Xmas gifts, ... , * . . . . • ..-.-. . : . . , -^g
*^- Tuesday at Special value at kerchiefs; all marked On sale to-morrow • .■ 11^.12*1^.-. . 1 1 «_ fl 0 • 12
12«ceach. 26o each special at... 25c each at.. 25o and 50c each I nof hAf llOllUBy UlTIDrelld oflle.
i EBONY TOILET ARTICLES. J, A va%l°,or $1.95 Each §
ZZ . ■ . ■ ■■ ■ ;„ ,„„,.„„ ..; ftr+ £ \ \ lOOflS ■' © Thls Umbrella' sal© "=?
«^- s3fj&$ siffi&S&iK. '3S8bi' ' Immerue assort- ■ W'"'-'-;> | -»V V-» \J Vf *>* *J rf will certainly create — •*
MrMB^I %S >^^^^^ and S Dre S 8slng Combs, at &$&, ti'W^'b- C* \\«W (R special prices. Are -^3
/HrWsF? ' Mini T^rfflM ' prlce ". ln a " lnBtance9 X VjllL^ VW\ ftTGloria SUk 6 have 3
ZZ ■ ' ■ . ) i«— »ii 01 Carft Cases from the u w^vi Ivory. Umbrellas that -~S
•^ " OKr EACH—^Tooth Bniihei, Nail niw <? |. 00 EACH— Mirrors, Military « and //'» ' " \ reliabie Eastern / I \ are well worth $2.50. — •
~ and Brooms. Tha beet O I— Cloth Brushes; good qualities. // \ Z Eu onean manu- / A I- To be offered your
fc grade. AU at 25c each. / Special at $1.00 each. : . II I flVturVre all marked / A A choice at
SET £*■"■*» EACH— Hair and Hat Brushes TRr EACH— Cloth and Hair Brushes; \V- \JB i^ reasonable t fl \ * ct C\tZ C«i'l«' =^
gS OUC and Dresses Combs. • Special (OC a very fine grade. The best sizes. I -^ Bt ,» o Z redsuullui r J\ * • SI. 95 LflCII US
*~ value at Wo each. At '75c each. ■ — — , ■ P«ces. 3
E A $1.00 SALE OF \ Ostrich WOMEN'S JIGH-GRADE GLOVES 3
E niAfi/ norcc f>n^rkc i^^L r 2l o si.oo, si.so, sj.75 a Pair.
s= BLACK DKtbb bOODb. MmgBk Feather Boas. ,4^^^
g What better advice than that of giving a hand- \fmW ._ •; A V^ S D 8CiaI Offering. ffitfk B' 3
■g~ Some Black Dress Pattern to some one whom you «%»n 5^^ ' C H oUlai **'« OI ' II & 1 fl j//W U line produced by the master makers -•
S= hold in high regard. The Opportunities in this jSSSg WSS ; Th « Rrandest lot of Feather Boa* - y/ fl V*$Jt .of France. Germany and America
department will be very exceptional to-morrow- «£$ m^^Z V VT 5L? ■ SS? nea " y b °^ £ ° r >deal =
•T- A Sale Of Black Goods that for real Value-Riving |$f£«) 8&8L seek theBe Boas you will rcaaily note L^ M Ct no Iqdies' 2-clasnOver
5= and intrinsic merit has never been equaled. They K$S that everyone is of the, w elected M At Sl^ sea m d "nd Pi^^nch =3
Sf are 52 and 44 inches wide, in the following weaves: 8|i M| ?Sy 'S&of'Se'ffifcStSt lustre. h4 ■ \) ™ Gloves, In all the .coloring. -«
£ Armure, Wool Crepe, Melrose, JQ L^ Vh°.T e e j£i G^l i^ffih^m ' J "I , I I At $1^ ■ lx £lJ a g* Utt T gS& 3
«—- Granite, Venetian Batiste £3n&«l I^Sro 40 tr> 72 inche>s: marked especially low II I Gloves, with fashionable clasps.
SI Aiglon, Broadcloths, Satin . Prunellas, SsS tor lKllday buyers at ' \\\\ At $l- 7B ' r| T" f » u '«« «' 4 3
••— or i B«2y 'BwQr «ir» ra *i»a Kn tic; no VilW Gloves, tnn most cele- — *»
g ro< w c»o,«S/.00"»»» T $ l^o 5 o'aJi 3 «3.oi % S 5 ?/,^ i'a.r' " al!0 * : Per - |
% s0' Immense Sale Of High-Class j '■■.jgSa Sa!e of Ladies' j
i M, Silk Dress Skirts Silk Waists .^MW Neck Ruffs |
W2>) VIA 75 S2SS SlO^and Si5 Waists for $1.50,- $1.75, 3
«*~- ■ \.\\\\ Geoa vales 530 « 535. consider them the grandest A biff saving for you on every #-ot»S^/&th!S9v1 EACH -**
"T" ■itiil values of the eniire season. Th^se ftarmentfl waist bought now. We have taken //Jvrfejk'/t 'iH&kjM "~**-
SZ: I'^V* nr<> t: - production of the most prominent mo^t of our finest $10 an<l $15 //?»~SM5> T : 7&30V* ThIs department has been doinc an
■»»" - | !ll{| New York manufacturer, and owing to the waists and cut them to $6.50 and // l }yJ!i£lv>. I iKSrfasV unprecedented business of late. Never -^
ST~ ' ! ■.''./: -'a lateness, of the season, he let us have 40 of ?8.75 each. They were made for //tlwttftfjl A P yS?**Vr\\ ; before have we been able to show such -^*
«•— . i . i X\ \X\ liis Fwellest looking skirts at far below regu- this fall of the best materials — I'ri&ZlPi'l ■ mhW r in\\ R variety of ploasinu styles. Every- ~~3
•*"- lllfeif'Cl lar P rlces - Included are many beautiful ef- Peau de Sole, Crepe de Chine and: ... ' : fr$\l\V : ! l /J£S"nl| thing that Is new and fashionable car, Jh
y~ i\m»n*nznr%, fects of Peau de Sole, Taffeta and "Point Taffeta — are handsomely trimmed - hmt JP if »>»^l I he found here. Ruffs made of the fin- — *
•*— «/j7jgr*5?al3s. d" Esprit, artistically draped and " trimmed with Lace, Persian "Trimming: ■ and 'Ami IK/ ' ftlWx -".PSt Liberty Silk, very lustrous and 33
y wlth ' ace < hemstitching and Liberty Silk ruf- embroidered effects; in all the lead- /MMfcV //fn\ finished with long streamers, very full — «
fl>s - Every garment is extremely graceful -ing colorines: to be closed out to- MJliM around the neck; a big variety to "^
•>— s «£i^ rt 'T» J *-<?4«?»^& 1 -i ail perfectly finished. They were made to morrow. ■. Your choice'sit *5&^&ai£0 choose from, in all Klxck and White -*tg
tT" sel1 at * 30 and * 3& - Monday and Tuesday C£ - =fk _«,J CC TK £ and Black Effects; a choice line from — •
£ $24.75 Each. S6.50 and $8.75 $1.50; to $10.00 Each
1 REMNANTS OF FRENCH FLANNEL WAISTING*. EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS AT $4.65 EACH 3
ZZZ To-morrow win be a B reat day in our Flannel Department. "We have determined to. v- For a practical Christmas gift we suggest one of these cleeant Comforters 1H
~Z clce out every short length of the finest French Flannels and tucked W«l.ttn«. The _ filled th th<J best down £ nd ebvercefwith French sSeen 15 thfSSiccst
•— variety Is immense. The choicest and handsomest styles of the season, in Black and ?,-.; — ■ T , , ,.„„„. *< ' ,-* t . ! , t » C ; 1OICCS ; 13
£= white; white and Black and other leading coiorines-aii in suitable lengths for waists designs. lhc y , arc the . regular $. v S0 quality.. To be offered for Monday and 3
S~ and kimonas— they would make a very appreciative Xmas tfft. Tuesday, .special at. . ; " ' $4.G5 each Jm
. COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. r ; — =^
g $4.50, $5.50 and $6.oo j^^L Ih* Glove- Orders. %
% T 22 L t. o sSr o i, t 5s.- li^Se5?-$Q 50 S^mMmmMj^MSM/MwM^PS^ j f ze ° r t kind , of glove desi^^y°^
ZZ You will ret something that Is 0 b £&LMM/\ VsjM Wi&W^r *^w I friend to whom you intend making a 3*
%£z beet selling styi«=. in riannei and Cashmere. „ Orders, which we issue for any amount
••— handsomely stitched, corded and appllqued; In -. t— \V* Nf-"Vf| n „ lm M ,,.i it T nl p i l> y , 1 • 1 -n . , , . ZZ2
■■— - ail the fashionable colorings. Were sold as Jltf "S^W' .^tf*>^f^-W rf^rAT^^#^ and Which Will enable tile recipient to 1-3
,^- nigh as 56. Monday S3.5O each N^ l i^^^W^[^^S,^>> S *^ " make her own selections. =5
TINY TRAVELERS
SHOW COURAGE
Small Children Start on
a Long Railroad
Journey.
Esecial Dtoateh to The Call.
OMAHA. Neb., Dec. 21.— Although little
Loraine Struble Is but 5 years old, a
thousand mile journey by rail with a 2
yoar-old baby brother to look after, does
not <launt him. The children are now on
Oak or mihe^an/ rocke.,.
genuine stamped leather
j seat $2.85
On all purchases of Sioo
or ever we pay railroad
fare both ways within
I 250 mies.
i Open evcninRS during the '
holidays.
Free delivery in Oakland,
Alamedaand Berkeley.
• Bnlliant
FURNITURE CO.,
3.1S-342 POST STREET.
Opposite Union Square. ,.
their way to the home of their grand
mother, who lives near Mortimer, O. • j
Howard Struble, who worked in the
Union Pacific shops, is the father of the
little ones'. A few weeks ago he disap
peared" from -home. Before the coiil
weather set in . the mother was able to
support the children although she is un
used to hard work. When it became
necessary to buy coal she was obliged to
write to her parents in. Ohio and they of
fered to care for the children on their
farm.
As the old people were poor they were
unable to send money for carfare and
Mrs. Struble •was forced to appeal to the
County Commissioners. The board prom
ised to pay all the fare the law allowed—
all but $5 and this sum the mother man
aged to borrow. She was heartbroken
over the parting, but felt that it would be
setter than that the babies should suffer.
Lqraine Struble is small and in his first
trousers. When members of the Board
of Commissioners asked him if he were
afraid to go alone so far from his motht.r
he shook his head. "I know the wa'y to
grandma's house when you get off the
cars," he said. "We play at going back
to grandma's every, day." He explained
how lonesome it has ijcen while h. : s
mother is at 'work and what a good time
ho had last summer on the' farm;
The baby is still in long clothes, but the
children were put in charge of the con
ductor, who promised .to be a father t.o
them. Loral ne was given a dollar to pay
the expenses of the trip. .f
rOEMER STANFOED MAN v >■
TO BECOME A BENEDICK
Nathaniel G. Symonds Will Wed
Miss Irene Milberry of San
Francisco.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. 21.—
Nathaniel G. Symonds, Stanford, '01, for
mer varsity baseball and track man. Is
to be married on Christmas day to Miss
Irene Milberry of San Francisco. The
wedding will occur in San Francisco, . at
the home of the bride'9 parents, 671 Mc-
Allister street. H. C. Lucas, Stanford, '02,
will act as best man. '.
"Nate" Symonds was. one of the "most
popular members of last year's graduat
ing class. An all around athlete, he
played on his class baseball team three
years and on the class football eleven two
years, and waa a member of his class,
track team four years. .
After the wedding Mr. and Mrs. Sy
mpnds will -leave for New York, where
they will reside.
STRANGLES MOTHER
WHILE IN A DREAM
Son of a Woman Who Lived in Cleve
land Tells of Terrible -'";•;
Crime. :
CLEVfeLAND, ' O., Dec. ' 2L— Henry
Kiaus, 26 years of. age. strangled his
mother to death last night. He reported
to the police to-day that the -act had been
committed while he was in a dream. He
was arrested.
Send your JCasiern mends a Christmas WVp,
Cosmopolitan California Illustrated prof usely.
25 ctnu. •
THE SA^; FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1901.
ENDS QUARREL
WITH TRAGEDY
Oklahoma Farmer Takes
. th^ Lives of Two . j
Neighbors.
LAWTON, O. T., Dec. 21.— Twenty-two
miles northwest of Lawton late, yesterday
John Roberts, a farmer, shot and killed
George and John Higginbottom, brothers,
and probably fatally wounded their fath
er, G. N. Higginbottom/ as the result of a
quarrel over the division of a quantity
Of hay. .
• Roberts shot George and his father from
behind, killing the boy instantly. He shot
John while the latter was attempting to
raise his wounded father. John fell. to the
ground, but. managed to. empty his, re
volver at Roberts.'but without effect.
Roberts waited until. Higginbottom had
exhausted his ammunition, and then
walking up to him placed his gun close
to- the prostrate, man's body and. tired,
killing him almost instantly. . ,'i
Money Lost in the Copper Crash.
BOSTON, Dec. 21.— Creditors of the firm
of Walnwright Bros. &,Co., the brokerage
firm which/ recently assigned, learned to
day from the report of a committee that
firm has unsecured liabilities of about.
$144,000 and. assets' of between $30,000 and
$40,000. The report said that there was a
great amount of speculation In Amalgam
ated Copper. .The books show. that 14,642
shares of tills company were bought and
that $1 ,248,397 # was paid for them. These
shares were sold for $1,204,925. Waln
wright told the committee that he also
lost $10,000 on his personal 'account., .The
committee stated that there is at least
$24,000 in losses which cannot be accounted
for. .-■...'. - — • ; . ... -.
I Police Restrain the Politicians.
IS'EW YORK, Dec. 2t.— Perry ; Belmont
>vas nominated by the .Democrats of the
Seventh- Congressional . District- ■ to- suc
ceed Congressman Nicholas Muller, re
signed. Montague Lcsster was nominated
by the 'Republicans. A.'«row occurred in
the Democratic convention before ■• any
nominations had been made. The police
cleared the hall and part or the delegates
went to another hall and nominated Bel
mont. The other delegates refused to
take any part in this convention.
Train Derailed at a Tunnel.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2L— A passenger
train on the Erie road was derailed at the
tunnel in Jersey 'City to-day. " The en
gineer and fireman and ' three passengers
were injured, but none of them was fa
tally hurt. ; -„"■>■ ?! , , .
LOSES A WIFE
FOR HIS JOKE
Nebraska Man's Humor
the Cause of Mari
tal Disaster.
Special Discatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Neb., Dec. 21.— A . practical
joke has cost John S. Wetledge his wife.
Mrs. Bertha Weiledge has been granted a
divorce in Judge Estelle"s court on th»
ground of cruelty. The young wife has
been caused much anguish and distress of
mind, the 'petition pointed out, tnrough
a practical joke perpetrated by the plain
tiff, who pretended that he had committed
suicide. >>,
The Weiledges were married in Rood
house, HI., in 1SDS, changing their resi
dence to Omaha one year ago. Mrs. Weil
edge says that they quarreled frequently,
but that no occurrence or any Importance
transpired until one month ago. The dis
agreement had j bqpn more violent than
usual and when it was at its height Weil
edge exclaimed that he would put an end
to his troubles.. "for^ once and for all.','
He seized his revolver and . rushed into
an adjoining room, slamming the door and
locking it. Mrs. Weiledge heard the re
port of a pistol and the tailing of a heavy
body to the floor.
The frenzied wife hastened for an ax
and broke the lock of the door. She
found her husband lying on the bed in an
abandonment of mirth over the success
of the jest. An overturned sofa- testified
as to the identity of the falling body.
Weiledge explained between I bursts jf
laughter that. he had taken this surpris
ing means of teaching his wife to appre
ciate him. Mrs. Weiledge responded by
going into hysterics from which she wu«
with difficulty relieved. She failed to se-j
any humor In the incident and. sought a
divorced / '■ ' / .
Judge Estelle said he thought the hus
band's /conduct such as to unfit him for
the possession of a wife. He gave the
plaintiff a'decree and alimony. .
Bloodhounds Trace the Fugitive.
WICHITA, Kan., Dec. 21.— Wichita
bloodhounds followed Jim Andrews, who
killed Jim Failis at Lahoma, O. T., Thurs
day night. The hounds traced him,' to a
farmhouse - fifteen : miles from Lahoma,
v.-here he, was. found in bed. He yielded
without resistance. .
Xmas Gifts for Ladies.
The finest and largest assortment'of fur
garments and the latest in fur neckwear
are to be seen at Berwin & Gassner"* fur
house; 110 Kearny street. - •
PRESIDENT SAYS
IT'S RIDICULOUS
Ruraor in Washington
That Roosevelt Was
. Attacked.
Mystery Surrounds the Affair
and Officials Make
Denial.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, 1 BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— Two stories
have been circulated all day which picture
President Roosevelt in a street incident,
either with a crank or an intoxicated
man. Just what happened has not yejt
been explained," ." for neither the White
House officials nor the President's friends
will say anything about the affair. It is
still a mystery and bids fair to go down
in history as such.
One story is to the effect that while
the. President was out for his daily walk
early Thursday evening he was accosted
by a crank, who went so far as to roughly
seize the President by the shoulder. This
story has it that Mr. Roosevelt promptly
drew off and knocked the man down. It
is also reported that the President was
walking at the time with Lord Paunce
fote, the British Embassador. This, how
ever, is flatly and officially denied. What
ever the incident was Lord Pauncefnt*
may have seen it at a distance, but he
certainly was not the President's com
panion during the walk.
The other story runs 'to the effect that
while the President waa walking with
Commander Cowles and Senator Lodge he
was jostled by an intoxicated man, who
aimed a blow and was qulokly brushed
aside. When th© President was asked by
one. of his friends to-day if he had been
attacked on the street he said: "Nothing
of the kind. The story is absolutely ri
diculous." And he quickly dropped the
subject. One of the officials at the White
House to-day stated that there was noth
ing whatever to give color to false re
ports, which were rather sensational. The
story accepted as most plausible to-night
is' that a badly intoxicated man came near
running into the President and that the
latter stepped aside to avoid a collision.
But why the incident snould be sur
rounded by so much mystery has not yet
been explained.
LAWYER SCORES
DOWIE METHODS
Chicago Zionite Is De-
nounced in Receiver
ship Suit.
CHICAGO, Dec. 21.— "Dr." John Alex
ander .TJowle'a business methods were
severely criticized by Attorney Reeves in
Judge Tuley's court to-day, when the
closing argument in the suit for a receiv
ership for the Zion lace industries was
begun.
His business rule was likened unto that
of a King who tells his underlings what
he wants done and then demands of them
a hearty approval. His control over his
associates was typified as a club hovering
over one's head, ci •'
Attorney Reeves entered a plea for all
the small investors in the Zion lace in
dustries, and said the court should ■ not
consider that the interests of Samuel
Stevenson — Dowie's brother-in-law and
legal adviser— and of Dowie were the only
equities at stake, but should remember
all the numerous small stockholders in
the concern, many of whom had invested
their all in the institution.
The attorney drew a picture of how
Dowle had discovered Stevenson in Eng
land, a prosperous merchant of a religious
turn of mind, and how by some subtle in
fluence had . induced him to part with
everything to embark with him here in
business. Attorney Packard, for Dowie,
announced to the court that Stevenson
probably could get $50,000 of the amount
he claimed from Dowie if he would make
a. demand for a return of cash for the
shares Mrs. Stevenson held in the institu
tion at the time of her death.
France Wants Our "Hustle" Spirit.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21. — The committee
appointed* by M. Millerand, the French
Minister of Commerce, to study the or
ganization and operation of trusts and to
look into the founding in this country of
an industrial school for young French
men,-arrived to-day on the La Savoie.
Lazare Weillcr, a copper manufacturer,
and M. de la Gotellerie, an engineer, con
stitute the committee.
"We are going to send our students."
said M. Weiller, "where they can learn to
be French-Americans; where they can ab
sorb knowledge and also character; the
hustle spirit and the audacity or venture
some streak that runs through you."
Boxing in Colorado.
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec. 21.— In the first
round of what was tohave been a twenty
round contest before the Rover Club
"Kid" Bennett of Cripple Creek was
fouled by Eddie Toy of Denver, and was
awarded the decision. In a five-round pre
liminary Pat Malloy of Pueblo, a young
ster of phenomenal ability, easily beat
"Spike" Wallace,' a Denver fighter. Mal
'loy will be matched against. "Kid" Par
ker; the Denver pugilist, as a result of liis
showing, and then against the best men
in the country in his class.
Brings Suit for Heavy Damages.
DENVER, Colo., Dec. 21.— Cyrus A.
Baker has tiled a suit in the District
Court here against the Elkton Mining anil
Milling Company for $200,000 damages. He
alleges that the company in 1S95 gave him
an option on its property in Cripple Creek
at $300,000 and that while he was negotiat
ing a deal in New York stockholders of
the company interfered to prevent a aate
by representing that he could not give a
good title to the property.
Will Not Take a Collectorship.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 21.— Charles F. Wen
neker, appointed to the position of Col
lector of Customs at St. Louis, wired
President Roosevelt this afternoon that
he would not accept the appointment be
cause of business responsibilities. In his
telegram Wenneker expressed his appre
ciation of the honor conferred on him by
the appointment. ■.
Loses a Fortune in 'Gambling.
LONDON, Dec. 21.— A dispatch to a
news agency from Vienna published here
this evening says that at the Vienna
Jockey Club to-day Count Potockl lost
£100.000 sterling during three hours' card
playing. • Count Pullavicinni won most of
the money.
Cabinet Will Not Resign.
SOFIA, Dec. 21.— The Cabinet " has
agreed -to remain in office and the Min
isterial crisis is ended. '
VENTURA. Dec. 21.— William Quinn. an
pmplpye -of the Southern Pacific Company at
Rock Quarry, near Santa Susana tunnel, was
crushed between two cars last night. He died
a few hours .later. .
NAMES VETERANS
ON COMMITTEES
Grand Army Commander
in Chief Makes Ap
pointments. .
Members of the Order Strive
for Honoring of the
Flag.
MINNEAPOLIS, Dec. 21.-Commander
in-Chief Ell Torrence of the G. A. K. to
day made public the following appoint
ments:
Committee on legislation for veterans
in the public service— Joseph W. Kay,
Brooklyn: Lee Rassieur, St. Louis; J. F.
S. Gobin. Lebanon. Pa.: H. A. Castle. St.
Paul ; George H. Patrick, Washington. D.
C; O. H. Coulter, Topeka. Kan.; B. F.
Blngham, Washington.
Committees were also named on school
histories, on, Fredericksburg battlefield,
national work, fraternal relations with
Sons of Veterans, national sanitarium and
a committee to foster public sentiment in
favor of honoring the flag and preventing
Its desecration.
There is also a list of thirty- three spe
cial aids in charge of military instruction
and some 250 aids to the commander-ln
chief. assigned to duty in their respective
departments and ordered to report by let
ter to A. Noel Blakeman, chief or staff,
Vernon, N. Y.
Boyalty Prepares for Holidays.
LONDON. Dec. 21.— The King: and
Queen, surrounded by many members of
the royal family, will spend Christmas at
Sandringham, where a shooting party
will gather Monday. London is emptying
fast of fashionable people, xvho are hur
rying to the country to hold their festivi
ties, and large parties are gathering 1 at
nearly all of the great homes in the
United Kingdom. The South African war
and the court's partial mourning seems
in no way to have affected the nation's
determination to celebrate the season
with more than usual zest.
Record Sale for Exchange Seat.
NEW TORK, Dec. 21.— A seat on the
New York. Stock Exchange was sold to
day for $75,000. This is the highest price
ever paid.
STUDENTS TAKE
CHARGE OF INN
Co-operative Restaurant
Plan to Be Tried
at Stanford.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"STANFORD "UNIVERSITY, Dec. 2L—
The students living in Enclna Hall, the
men's dormitory, will undertake the novel
experiment of operating a restaurant at
the beginning of next semester. Sating
facilities have been very poor on the
campus during the semester just finished,
and as the university authorities have de
cided to close the Chinese restaurant and
the University- Inn has not been rented
to private persons the student3 have de
cided to conduct the inn on the co-op
erative plan.
The organization is styled the Stanford
University Inn Club and is incorporated
under the laws of California. The follow
ing students are its directors: IJoyd E.
Harton '01, president; Carl F. Dlttmar '03,
secretary-treasurer; Carl T. Hayden '01,
Charles A. Cantwell '02 and M. F. McCor
mick '02.
De Witt Wiley '04 will be accountant In
the inn, and Frank E. Nangle '03 head
waiter. T. \V. Strowbridge, a professional
caterer, will be steward. The inn will
supply the first meal to the students on
Monday, January 6.
Gravel Bed Rich in Gold.
FRESNO, Dec. 21.— The Fresno Placer
Mining Company, with Alva E. Snow as
its president and S. L. Hogue as secre
tary, has obtained possession of eighty
acres of, ground on Sycamore Creek, hold
ing an enormous gravel bed, which con
tains gold said to be valued at millions
of dollars. Preparations are already in
progress to hydraulic the bonanza, and
by January 13 sluicing- will be begun.
Duel Ends One Man's Life.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 21.— William La
schell, alias William O'Day, who has been
here three months, was killed In a duel in
the tenderloin at 3 a. m. by Finch Gerard,
who has served a term in the Texas peni
tentiary. Gerard was wounded. LaschelVa
wife says Laschell was the son of a prom
inent ex-Judge of Minneapolis, Minn.
FREE! FREE! FREE!
Dps. Shores, the Catarrh and Chronic Disease Ex-
perts, Give Their Services Free This Week Only.
THK? wllFoNLY 313 PBEE EXAJ n^ATi0N OFFEB HOLDS GOOD
Come and brins your friends. j Mr Rutherford says: I am an old resident
ni 8 v lty ancl am en 8a8ed in deHverln? and
_^^^Sk7*- Si 1 *^ brick at s^th and Kinsc sts. I HAVE
?«^«,,^ TERRIBLE SUFFERER iTtOM
v^. JJ MA * FOR TWENTY-SEVEN' TEARS;
£, NO ONE KNOWS HOW I SUFFERED DUR-
ST /^A INO THAT TIME.. I WOULD CHOKK UP A ik
FL. . - N'S I t^ H t T AXD BB DISTRESSED GREATL^
% J - ® \VITH MY BREATHING.
KT ieSs^^H -^* have doctored and spent lots of money on
• % «^^S. ?iS TENT ME DICINES. but all to no purpose!
,- f SA /f%&$ 'VWv»>«« Ji 113 was my condition when I began Drs.
i>y '- 5^ V~~- ' 'W Shores* treatment THREE WEEKS AGO. Drs.
it'. ' iv y\\l Shores' treatment and medicines helped mo
} « ,- / -\v'i> •' ; ll from the FIRST WEEK, and I II WE IM-
\ . y JSSSL 'VVli'/ PROVED RIGHT AWNO. I SLEEP FTN'H
\A . NOW; NO MORE HEADACHES; my anpeiit*
' ■ X BETTER AND STRONGER IN* EVERT WAT
y<QNv l TAKR PLEASURE IN RECOMMEXDIXfi
TREATMENT HAS DONE WONDER3TOR
1|il "*i W^WI'' ANT ONE BOUBTINQ THIS TESTIMOV
V®PWV IAI - IS AT LIBERTY TO CALL OX MB
I ygs4&%r "(Signed) W. P. RUTHERFORD^
* v -**" 320 Larkln st.. San Francisco.
W. P. RUTHERFORD. S26 LARKIN ST.. DRS. SHORES TREAT
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. DEAFNESS. CATARRH and all form, n f
CHRONIC and NERVOUS DISEASES taduS
ASTHMA 27 YEARS ini7 a11 Prlvate I^eawB. Lo»t Manhood T etc
HOinillH CI ItMnO. Consultation frea to all. ' elc *
[^REMOVAL NOTICE,
Drs. Shores & Shores will remove their offices to the third floor of the Wi r
Allen Buildln } , 933 Morke, street, between Fifth nnd filxth SeVSTb°r ll* wher^
DRS. SHORES & SHORES, spedaiistf
HISTORY BUILDING, 723 MARKET ST. g* fw. S a*
orflce Hours-Weeic Day s , 9 a. n, to 4 p. m . Evening 6 to S. Sunda^'StS Stt noon.
AJ)VEBTIST',TVrEKT3.
A LARGE STOCK
RICH
HOLIDAY GOODS.
Night Robes
Neck Dress
Gloves
Underwear
Shirts
Hosiery
Handkerchiefs <m
Pajarna Snits
Umbrellas, Etc.
EACLESON { CO.,
T48-75O Market St.,
242 Montgomery St.
I Kohler & Chase g
I can save you I
I $5oto v $ioo on a i
I Easy Terms of !J
I Payment tt
I Choice of Knabe, Fisch- 'A +
g er and eight other lead- 1 j
f ing makes \ \
fc Headquarters' f j
V 26, 23 and 30 O'Farrell Street f I
t[ SAN FRANCISCO &
Moet&
CHAMF*ACNE.
WHITE SEAL AND BRUT IM-
PERIAL.
Celebrated Vintage of i8g3-
Unsurpassed in Quality.
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents.
216-18 Mission Street, San Francisco.
HUSBAND AND WIFE
BOTH SEEK DIV0RC3
Mrs. Harvey L. McBrier Files a
Cross-Complaint, Alleging Ex
treme Cruelty.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 2L— Tha divorce suit
recently filed by Harvey L. McBrter, an
orchardist and capitalist, living near this
city, against Elizabeth McBrier, on tho
ground of desertion, will be bitterly con
tested by the wife. Mrs. McBrier. who
now holds a position In the Treasury De
partment at Washington, filed to-day,
through her attorney, Nicholas Bowden,
a cross-complaint in which she ask3 for
a divorce on the ground of extreme cru
elty. She denies the charge of desertion.
She says that McBrier has treated her
cruelly for some years.
Two years ago they arrived here from
the East and McBrier purchased a flna
orchard home on Alum Rock avenue, near
this city. Before that time they had not
lived happily together and she waa about
to leave him. Mrs. McBrier says she had
refused to accompany her husband to Cal
ifornia, but under threats to kill himself
he induced her to come. Shortly after
her arrival here he began treating her
cruelly and drove her from the house and
threatened to do her bodily harm.
McBrier is said to have a fortune of
several hundred thousands of dollars. Be
sides the fruit ranch here he owns a one
sixth interest in a big steamship line on
Lake Erie. There I3 one child, a little
girl, 8 years old, now with its mother.
Mrs. McBrier wants the custody of the
child, $100 per month alimony pending the
outcome of the suit and half of the prop
erty.HILL UNFOLDS
RAILWAY SECRET
Great Northern Presi
dent Tells About
Combinations.
Denial Is Mad© of the Stories
About a Great
Merger.
ST. PAUL. Dec. a.-Presldent J. J.
Hill of the Great Northern Railway and
cf the recently organized Northern Secu
rities Company this afternoon gave out
the following statement:
I fcave been absent from Minnesota more than
two months and during that time there has
~^.rlsen a wide discussion throughout th« State
(>f what has been generally called a consolida
tion or a merger of the Northern Pacllio and
Great Northern railways. In this discussion
etatemeats have been made which are *>o widely
dlEerent from the facts that I feel called upon
to make a statement o£ Just what has beea
done la the past and what will bo done In tat
lumre.
■When the Northern Pacific failed and the
bankine-house or J. P. ilorsan & Co. reor
ganized It, myself and friends were holders
of a iaixe amount of tiiat company's security.
After the reorganization was completed ws
bought about twenty-six millions of Northern
Pacific etock, both common and preferred.
Some of this 6tock wag atterward sold, but a
large amount has L-een held from that time
to the present. About a year ago the Union
Paciflc Company bought the Huntlngton and
other Interests in the Northern Paclllc and at
the eaaie time made an effort to get tho con
trol of the Chicago, Burlington and Qulncy.
With these lines in the hands of the Union
Pacific Interests both the Northern Pacific aad
Great Northern would be shut out of Nebraska.
Kansas, Missouri, South Dakota. Iowa, Illinois
and Wisconsin, except by using other lines of
railway, some of which were In the market
tor sale and might at any tlm« pass under
the control or be combined with the Union
Pacific interests. We then, with the Northern
Paciflc. made proposals to the directors of the
Burlington to buy their entire property. When
thli transaction was about being closed tho
people who represented the Union Pacific Com
pany and who had previously tried to buy the
Burlington, asked to be allowed to share with
us In the purchase of that company; this pro
posal we refused for the reason that It would
defeat our object In buying - the Burlington.
end further It was &sralnst the law of several
of the States in which the longest mileage of
ihe Burlington was located.
r Big Purchases of Stock.
At that time, axsinst the opposition of the
more southern lines, both the Northern Pacino
and Great Northern had put Into effect a low
colonization rate and were carrying dally thou
6ands of people into the Northwest, many of
whom were coming from Kansas and Nebraska
along the lines of the Union Pacific. This
movement was at Its height In the month of
April, and after we had closed the purchase of
the Burlington the Union Paciflc people un
dertook the boldest effort that ever was made
In this country and bought over sixty millions
of the stock of the Northern Pacific In the mar
kets of Europe acd the United States. I was
In Xew York at the time and after Morgan &
Co. were aware of the action of the Union
Pacific people It was found that together we
held about twenty-six millions of Northern Pa
cific common stock. Inasmuch as the common
etock. by right of a contract made with the
preferred stockholders when the company was
organized and the etock Issued, had the priv
ilege of paying off the preferred stock at par
on the 1st day of January of any year until
1917, Morgan & Co. then bought In London and
New York about sixteen millions of the com
mon stock of the Northern Paciflc At the
sam« time the Union Pacific Interests, having
already so large an Investment, bid the stock
up until there was the largest stock corner ever
known. The common Etock In three or four
cay E went up to $1000 per Ehare,
I erulalned to my friends how that, with
control of the Northern Pacific, the Union
Pacific would control the entire ICorthwest and
the West from Mexico to the Canadian line,
except for the Great Northern. So great was
the effort to get this control that one of my
friMics in London who owned two millions of
Northern Pacific common was offered and re
fused fourteen million dollars for his stock.
The reer:H was that Morgan & Co. and our
felves owr.e3 forty-two out of eighty millions
cf the Northern Pacific common, with the priv
ilege of paying off the seventy-five millions of
Northern Paciflc Dreferred.
The Union Pacific people owned thirty-seven
millions of the common and about forty- two
minions of the preferred, which was a c'«ar
majority of fill the etock of the Northern Pa
cific, end claimed the exclusive control of the
Northern Pacific ond through that ownership
of half of the Burlington. When It . was
known that these preferred chares could and
would be paid off and before the annual elec
tion mutual negotiations resulted In Mr. Mor
pan givinsr them a representative In the
Northern Pacific board. At the Fame time I
was electod a member nf the Northern Pacific
board. When I was advised of my election I
notified them that I could not. !«>s:aily act as a
director cf the Northern Pacific and Great
rCorthern ct the racie time, and I resigned
after the first meeting cf the board.
Reason for the Combine.
Several of th« gentlemen who have long
been Interested In the Great Northern Rail
way and Its predecessor have desired to com
bine their Individual holdings In corporate
form, and in that way secure a permanent pro
tection for their Interests ana a continuation
of the policy and management which has
Sone so much for the development of the
Northwest. Out of this desire has grown the
Northern Securities Ctompany. It became nec
essary (In order to prevent the Northern Pa
;19c from passing under the control of T*nfon
Pacific int^repts and with It the Joint control
Of the Brrlinrton) to pay off these twenty
five millions of Northern Pacific preferred,
rhe enormous amount cf cash required for
(his purpose from a comparatively Fmall rum
oer of men made It necessary for them to act
:ogether In a large and permanent manner
through the medium of a corporation, and the
Korthprn Securities Company accorded them
:he means cf accomplishing this object wlth
sut the necessity of creating a new company
to finance the operations for the Northern Pa
rifie. Trh-e at the Fame time the credit of
:he Northern Securities Company would be
much eircnger. as It would also hnld ft con-
ADVZRTISEJSIENTS.
That's the personal question a woman
asks herself when 6he reads of the cures
A of womanly diseases by the use of Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription.
Why shouldn't it cure her?
Is it a complicated case? Thousands
of such cases have been cured by "Fa-
vorite Prescription." Is it a condition
which local doctors have declared in-
curable? Among the hundreds of thou-
sands of sick women cured by the use of
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription there
are a great many who were pronounced
incurable by local doctors. Wonders
have been worked by « Favorite Pre-
scription" in the cure of irregularity,
weakening drains, inflammation, ulcera-
tion and female weakness. It always
helps. It almost always cures.
"Three vears aro," writes Mrs. John Graham,
of 2 of 8^lumb^fek. (Frankford) Philadelphia^
Pa. «I tad a very bad attack of dropsy which
left' me with heart trouble and also a^very. weak
back. At times I was so bad that I did not know
what to do with myself. My children advised
me to take your 'Favorite Prescription, but I
had been taking so much medicine from the doc-
tor that I was discouraged with everything. I
came to Philadelphia two years ago, and pick-
Ing up one of your little books one day began to
read what your medicine had done for others I
determined to try it myself. I took seven bot-
Aties. and to-day I am a strong, well 1"°™*%'
•ivci^hins 162 pounds. Have Rained 29. pounds
since I started to use 'Favorite Prescription.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets clear t^
lomplexion and sweeten the breath. :
THE EMPORIUM. | THE BM-PORITTM. I THE EMPORIUM. — THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM^
WT %!"£!!$n^f£^riZ?ZP*: Anxcric^s Oncost Store. ** TM> Cutlery, Gl ssware the Cigars Ip
Wm for 8 oodi to tht amount it is made oat for. CArisiiffas Gifts tor Ail Mankind, Chafing Dishes, Table Candles, Fine Candies. WjL
ris Helps ioi* Bessy £$My&i*s Monday : an^ Tuesday— Open Both Nights* |||
&i\ Lists of Gifts That Can Bo Bought at Various Prices. <fi
fir At 5Og. At $1iOO* At $2 'MB I At $4-.OO. At $7.50. At $15.00. jM
\^T\ ri»«« RrMVf««t fists * nieces Charming Water Color Picture! ' Order "for Dozen Cabinet Photo* Musical Photograph Albums— plays two Handsome Solid Brass Five O'clock Tea lo-lneh Exquisite Cut Glass Bowl [fLSOx*
TSaA S mT?7S. rTft «m»i«*« Playing Cards in case • Order for Pair Finest Gloves tunes ft . „ . P" p 9 i ln i h SP 1 / ?, laM £ erry S ow ! H-«aUon Cut Glass Water Pitcher % lP>sS
X#rA Hemstitched Tray Cloths. 20x30 Inches cash Boxes— heavy block tin with' locki Best Seals— any initial Dressing Cases— containing 0 toilet necei- 3-pint Rich Cut Glass Water Bottla Large Exquisitely Cut Loving Cup \7V"\
r&J Pair Decorated Bisque Figures A good finely tempered Razor Ladles' Genuine Walrus Leather Pocket- sltles !: qua £ Cut "lass Handled Jug S4-inch Basswood Trunk— Eras3 Mountings /VV-T
/ JjZ Jardiniere Flower PoU > Solid Silver Match Box book • Hand-carved Mexican Leather Music Bag Very Beautiful 8-lnch Cut Glass Nappy Finest Matelasse Smoking: Jackets V /TT*
\ry^\ Butter Knives silver plated Ladles' Felt Juliets — red or black Very handsome New Shape Belt Buckles Gents' Letter Case — Extra Fancy Seal Rich Cut Glass Ice Tubes ■ 6 yards of Fine Broadcloth for Dress - U^ )\
Mh%S? T»Wa Rnnflnn- *et of nix Babies' Satin Fur-trimmed Shoes Pompadour Shell Combs — with jewels Leather 8-lnch Prism Cut Glass "Vase« Gents' Solid Silver Handle Umbrella _tiJ\
r5yrS i ,7 «?, tt Bohemian Glass Liquor Sets Traveling Rolls— containing cumplete toilet Hand-embroidered Waste Paper Boxes Men> Gold-filled Watch Chains 24-inch Bronze Statue of Agriculture /"VfV
Y/nfcf Sterling Silver Shoe Horns Carlsbad China Chocolate Pots outfits (new) Silk Fobs Solid Gold Pendant Deposits Silver or Limoges China Sugar JL<£o
fiVJLf Sterling Silver Hair Combs ' Dresden China Ornaments— large variety Men's Silk Neckwear— the finest Ladles' Gun Metal Watehes . Ladies' Mother-of-Pearl Opera Glaag Bow , OJ§*f«
l^-lJl Sterling Sliver Manicure Articles China Vases— decorated with heads Men's English Walking Gloves— reds, tans Lemalrc Opera Glasses— in black 14 -Inch Genuine Alligator Club Bags Solid Gold Lorgnette Chains
// T^I> Sterling Silver Hat Plna - Satin Lace Trimmed Pin Cushions Decorated Table Lamp . Chatelaine Watches— Sterling Silver ; Leather-lined Dress Suit Cases Solid Silver Chatelaine Purse A"*ir
\ 'JM Ladies' Fine Trimmed Aprons Hand-painted Glove and Hd'k'f Boxes Lace Bed Set in pretty design Cents' Seal Rins— Solid Gold Eiderdown Ba. th Robe— flower ed effect 13-piece Solid Silver Manicure Set In Satin J^-TiV
■O'W lt™»n lifMHmZl Hiinrtlcerrhiafa Pretty pieces Spanish Drawn Work Decorated Dresden Bedroom Clock Solid Gold Earrings— Stone Settings Smoking Jackets— pretty golfing materlaU L4 ne d Casa S'~7f]^i
W%£ Well maae^sTo^ BhOTDJniTBa* Sterling Silver Lorenette Chain Black Liberty SIIk Neck Ruffs Baby's Buggy Robe. Silk Embroidered Ormulu SlM Plook v P rv nrettv 4-piece Quadruple Plated Tea Set LZV
J^) S^ilnatfon^« B inTc2d B c!~ go"- Gold Coljar Button. gound <%*%"£}*& Ped-tal. Twisted Column. Oak or Mahog- 7 Choicest Imported All-Wool Traveling
U?C San^aS SSSbf— <ti£ «**«*. A&i U^W-,^ xSg^^,*,** Golden Oak. Sad- 1 »?!S h tw 7 1^^M 1 S teWl vM^^CuMa^rPalr WJ
J%\ S^kTr Te^eSld 8^ metal trim- ' ' A^in^r Rug^e^-Floral .-.l*SS,^aSS?Sa.'8«r .^a^^^fr
m sfissss=-" "^rirrr- ■ ■ —^-^. .. piatMR ii^^ Af$2i:wdT %
IM M * *® Ca SSliSSSjraSS Leath6r ChatelalDe " I-i-' New Style Fancy Buckle Belts SSRSwlSSl SSTtoVi^ *°™ " 8traU — H^^erchler MW
RTE*5)\ c,a >„,- a a~.J. fir.. «. m .,b ifiT«inciiM Flastlc Steel Beade'd Belts i Ladies' Empire Back Combs— new patterns , ' . ' -— . Large Assortment Smoking Jackets Ladles' Solid Gold Watches ll /tL?S
HJi nSSSSS oKJa* Sk/«at£r p™ ere Real Kid I Glove" for Ladles Ladles' Steel Bead Elastic Belts . JBlA & fS. jfiljf& Box 3 Pairs Ladies' Silk Stockings Men'VSolId Gold Watche- \&tP
\\^ ?lr^ China Cup. ir?d Sauce™ " G nuL En R 1 sh Grain C?ub^Bafs Real Shell Empire Back Combs . jfi&kj $fe£8 a (L&%&a Ivory and Silver Handled Umbrellas , ,w!p t | C e Solid silver Handle Manlcur* Bet
/ i\ S ?• _ nV^.,r ??«^SS» S«5l. f-pliulold and Plush Photo Albums -New Patterns Belt Buckles *y- ■— * Genuine Seal Traveling Roll with complete •„ n i u ,K ii n »d casa V/vX
VA:( CaSw i Ique CandlesS MaJucure Bo«7 . Fine RbineBtone Back Ooab. . sterling Silver Cigarette Ca»es rff^^^i^iT^SiSn^c.i d M iJn • BlSil^StonV'w.SSad Brooch Jf~C\
rM DSSitea^nlna8alSdBoVta Autograph Albums-very flne • Babies' Coats-Embroidered Cashmere- , rlne Emblem Plns-any order • Ollt^^ Ormolu Clock.^mythological design Ladi eB - single Stone Diamond Ring
U/H PhenlSe or TaDMtry Table Coveri Pretty packages hlph-grade Perfumes „ 'H. 1 * 1 ? 1^ . t, ,v- , , , r ' 6 ' lnch Flne Cut Glass Ca J ldy RJ Bh r . « e« \\a r m S n«SjJ Sin &* Stone Diamond Shirt Stud #Ot><
Vh\\ Pictures in AsSorted l^t Military Hair Brushes-pair BaWe. 'Short Dresses-Nainsook and_ Lace very Handsome 12-inch Cut Glass Celery Solid Gold Chain Bracelets Solid Oak Richly Carved QC7i
/IV^/ SilveV?plated Table Kn^res, set of « Exquisite Bohemian Glass Atomizers Children's Fine Silk Hats and Caps— Tray _. £**$ r n M rai™^ it nSw^ nn. °» k or Mahogany Finished Bookcase Z^^A
ikSXti Sterling Silver Cutlcl. Scissors Dainty Bohemian Glass Powder Boxes colored and white Cut Glass Butter or Cheese Dishes Solid Gold. TMamond Set Link Buttons Blrdseye Maple Sharing Stand \ -^7\\
OT Wl^SS 1 -.. »'K1?K M e. Porcelain Back Decorated Comb and Brush " a^pata^E-p^^ q^ Q rupps -Better^ Mg
S&% Hand-carded Mexican Leather BelU Manicure Scissors. Sterling Silver handles Photograph Albums— New Design— Cellu- Ladies' Writing Desks-imitation ma- Kogen Bros ■ ' _ the gloves themselves, for they enable r^V^
W) ■gfflS. A ffl ll Sl5rllfiS? SffiL^?S^ltSlW?.pl-t.l» Pushes Eb ° ny MilUary h Va^^t^w^h«jd.. . Best aU^eckRgg^ g g )^|
)A JU Cufstee" Beaded Chatelaine^ Bags Hand-painted Lace-trlmmed Pin Cushions Battenberg Scarfs and Squares An Odorless, Smokeless Oil Heater Might gAy, 6 /^^,.^^'"^ I |J«# V n oe fy, rv HoUi*\ V^J
m lks i sisr.rr°" 1 " iiss,^«---" i§WM^Mm> m
WM S ver-p a Id engraved Solid Gold Earring Real Mexican Drawr .work Linen S^K KedTdg^n Vray 3 DumaTworks-15 volume* I wn ftake The s^ll^arc^s w!tn f /o^ Xjt
J|P$ gS^Se Bracelet, %£££%£% ISg SS^ SESg" Elegant Tapestry Portlere-a pair *> O
Gifts of AH Kinds for Boys and Girls— Hes*e p s a Few: w|
$nS At SOOm At $1a&0m At$2mO&a At $5m00a J^fiV
\ \ /J Dozens of Entertaining Games and Toys. • Mexican Hand-carved Comb, Cardcase and Purte. . Nickel plated Magic Lantern, with ia slides. g^* silver open face Watch, American movement. t/lrG**
W/tr> Mexican Hand-Carved Finger Purses. Boys' Fine Kidskin Goves, pique sewn. . "Daisy" Wagons, every boy wants one. Boj s* Bath Rcbes, just like pata'i. (ff&Q
fb^C sS S lver SS FUes. Wooden Wagon, varnished body, 12x25 inches. . Kid Doll, rivet jcinted, 21 inches long. , Ycke Overcoat, in green and gray. .^ V^\
iJ^V Si"ef Link Cuff Button. ' Embroidered Sailor Caps. Punching Bagged on leather, complete w.th hooks. Desk, tor Boy. and Girls, 28 mches wide. M±J
V^7 Silver Nethenole Bracelets Imitation Alligator Club-bag, for Khool use. Paint Box, complete, vith 30 gcod water color.. Wagon w.th Seat, >ron axle heavy .poke wheels. /&%
hM WGm£v*™Z^ Bagatelle BoarS, J3 x 3 2infhe 8> 3 chime beU,. ' Ch^ Tea Set, zz decoded p.cce,; drccd jomted doH, j«t from (^
JTVe Boys' Shirts stiff bosom cuffs to match. Box of Parlor Tricks, easy to learn. Grimms' Fary Tales, de Luxe edition. Pans . X3^
<$&$) S^.I^M.aT.S/finegnde. Work Basket for girl,' imported European novelty. Golf S ockings, ScotcWixtuw, fancy top.. Boxmg Gove,, the Corbett pattern ut of 4.
WjT/ Bop' Scarfe^aU silk, n=w patterns. Neck Chain, sterling silver. Gold Pen, in Pearl Holder. Kickel-Plated Military Drums. • ; . Target Games, to be used with balls, European novelty. S^-i-
)td Holiday Groceries and Liquors. ,. ; AUrao five Holiday Specials in
//V-- V est Fard Dates Special Monday, lb . . . . f?O Wills Anderson Cornty Whiskey — Best goods, . - «SS£s£i!3a«» -~- '•, . ~ _ im^ %L^\s
\ / ALJ -a-^dicd Feels— Best candied Orange, Lemon or , Rjj| spring '91, special J^^S^, §rilBB*B1bBA§J$it*$£ ttOHBllftS ff$ £L3 £CB^) tm W/Ti
*-jJ\\ Citron Peels lb 15*2 -^ fM Monday only; bottle • (wm^m?^ . ■ . ■ . &*BB mmmmwmm SUT WmmB\tm u H&&2&gHtM
/^vTV\\ .eeted R hi..S— Best quai:ry, special Monday only, 3 fFL** Ki tin 83 3 %if>^^<«/ r,.i«. t k - rt, • ruut » ." Jl/i^
VJ^Wy packages 25c *£^&< P? fi'\ W Co ? nac — FuU <3 uart ?| S V %<i|? Hat Rac'< — Like picture, —^-r-^^^^ ' arlor Tab c— Like pic- Chifonfer— As in picture; £ Jl\
*v\W Walnut —Best qualty, large and meaty, a lbs . 2SO $ Mg\ ft dMjjB >«!«.. Sf t" '• v O->- R golden oak, size 3x7 feet, ' ~-~H& ture ' in < l J uarte I red soid golden oak, with or
XS arrant -1 ibVckag^s 15c ScH* fflffiPI r^rKes Irish or Scotch ' ' fcc; . c 7?*Lvl\7 ' J^^Sl without bonnet -' box 3 9 f£f,
GQk PccicarcdCu rents-Loose, 2 lbs 25o \km VMWf JA Whiskeys - 3-star, \Na\ ' : „] f e mir FfTl nuhogany, high.y pol- Cl^^^U inch« wide, 22 inchc, deep; J^>
yr^ UJ PortorShern-ExS 1| |J mnhogany, hand polished, JfeC^lPM ** ' V I * sSL^, n™f d'«S fc YW !
lg$\ quarty, 7 years old, edd^ shape, h ndsome /ff^f fre-h - phte 1 8x26- W%J^ "l or o b^ d (^
{WVV, Champagr.c, Ramona, Athene or Wurren Wafers— \S& l ;Jfi¥ bottle. . .5^0 SjjJ^-^I^ff Chris-mas \J fl— ' \] \ lneh . rolrror » •P ecttl *" 101 * ***- 4* £ Q ( }/C\
VJ_\( per un 300 Assorted ' ; scs of Y ( £~=^ZZs'J ,, re < e - t $2»75 / - \l holiday price, g2^=^S^^j? room • • • •*'«■**'•> V^Nr"
r^ft Condensed Minct Kest— 3 packages. ... 25o Best California Sweet Wines— 12 quart bottles in case, lp^^pl] f - • • i_ j^ $17 65 figJsSH^H R u g s— Reversible All- £%%X
W> %U^^V^00$i?J% sS^^MpM^js - sa.75 .pS5^| gJ-^T^LV*
'SNS qw rt 30G- Best Eastern Sweet Cider, erery Extra 0;d Bourbon Whiskey— Finely matured, per prire . . <*,« *%g% Axml sfer U2$ — sizc 2 7 x6 ° inch «» 4*0 >»|- *" $2m5* (|eZ
Jg ik^ik sa o P n.»... :$3.sj . .\:9JX.*q . <»<«•*>. •/•'-:• v5r*° ■■■■"
siderable amount of Great Northern and other
Eecurities.
The Northern Securities Company Is or
ganized to deal in high-class securities, to hold
the same for the benefit of Its shareholders and
to advance the interests of the incorporations
whose securities it owns. Its powers do not
Include the or>eratlon of railway, banking,
mining nor the buying or selling of securities
or properties for others on commission. It is
purely an investment company and the ob
ject of its creation was simply to enable those
who hold Its stock to continue their respective
Interests In association tosether and to pre
vent such interests from being scattered by
death or otherwise; to provide against such at
tacks as have been made upon the Northern
Pacilic by a rival and competing interests
whose main investment was hundreds of miles
from the Northwest and whose only object In
buying control of the Northern Paciflc waa to
benefit their southern properties by restraining
the growth of the country between Lake Su
perior and Puget Sound.
The foregoing Is a brief and absolutely cor
rect statement of the whole subject, and Its
truth can easily be verified by the State of
Minnesota and any other State or person hav
ing sufficient Interest to Investigate the facts,
which are all matters of record.
Hill Asks Some Questions.
Now. as to the effect of what has been done
upon the public Interests, let me ask a few
questions, which I want every candid and hon
est man to answer for himself:
Did the Union Paciflc people with their rail
way lines extending from Omaha and New
Orleans to California and Oregon, through the
several States in the Middle West and South,
purchase a majority of the stock of the North
ern Paciflc Company for the purpose of aiding
that company and Increasing the growth and
prosperity cf the northern country, or was it
for the purpose of restricting such growth and
aiding the nevelocment of their enormous In
terests hundreds of miles to the south?
In defeating their control of the Northern
Paciflc and retaining it In the hands of those
who had built it up and with It the entire
Northwest, did we injure or benefit the people
of the Northwest?
Did I, by inducing my friends to hold their
Northern Paciflc common stock and act Jointly
with Morgan & Co. when this stock was selling
at $500 and $1000 a share, thus preventing the
Union Pacific from controlling the Northwest,
Injure or benefit every interest, agriculture,
business and otherwise, of the entire country
between Lake Superior and the Pacific Ocean?
Had we sold our 20.000.0CO of Northern Pa
cific even at $300 a share amounting to $60,
000.000. or nearly $40,000,000 more than Us
present value, and transferred to the Union
Paciflc the country between Canada and Mex
ico, what law of Minnesota would we have
violated? Could we not legally have put the
money In our pockets and let the country
learn what it was to be dominated by a parallel
and competing railroad?
The public is interested In having a good
railway service and fair and reasonable rates.
The past is gone and speaks for Itself; I can
speak for the future and have no hesitation
whatever in saying that the increased volume
of traffic, both through and local, will enable
the companies to reduce their rates In propor
tion to the volume of sucb traffic and that In
the near future the publlo will have a chance
to see for Itself this feature of what I have
said. The 4evelopment of the country will
Increase with greater increase In population
between Minnesota and the Paciflc. No mer
ger or consolidation of the Northern Paciflc
and the Great Northern Is contemplated. Each
company will b« operated separately In the
future as in th» nast. . . * -•. '
Lady Minto, wife of the Dominion's
Governor General, has received nearly
$20,000 for her college hospital fund, -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1901.
WOMAN MISSING;
MURDER FEARED
Vancouver Police Find
No Trace of Mrs.
Powell.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 21,-Mrs.
Grace Powell, a young and pretty German
woman of this city, has. been missing
since Thursday afternoon, and it is feared
she -has been murdered. An hour before
dusk she stepped from her house for a
moment and since that time not the
slightest trace of her has been found.
While no arrests have been made, the po
lice are watching for Oscar Lazgar, a
half demented man who for months has
been annoying Mrs. Powell with his at
tentions. They suspect that he is guilty
of either her abduction or her murder.
According to the story told by Mrs.
Powell's sister, who was present when
the woman left the house, a man had
come to the door to sell chickens. She
heard Mrs. Powell and the man making
a bargain for two fowls and Mrs. Powell
came in for her purse, which contained
between $50 and $G0. With a word. of ad
monition to the sister not to allow the
fire to slacken Mrs. Powell went out with
the man, as he said he had the fowl a
short distance up the street. The side
walk outside was narrow for some dis
tance and on both sides were bushes. Mrs.
Powell did not return, and although the
police and neighbors have searched the
district thoroughly no trace of the woman
has been found.
Lazgar was seen In the vicinity the day
before and it was known that Mrs. Powell
was afraid of him. They had been lovers
in Germany before Mrs. Powell married.
Since his arrival in this country Laz
gar has spent most of his time In an asy
lum. He threatened to kill Mayor Town
ley of this city because the latter would
not give him money. Recently he' de
manded $50 from Mrs. Powell, on condition
that. he would go away and cease annoy
ing her. The police believe that the mad
man sent the supposed poultry dealer to
the house and having enticed Mrs. Powell
away either killed her or carried her off.
No poultry seller called that day at other
houses in the vicitity. .
Prominent Naval Officer 111.
WASHINGTON, Dec 21.-Word was re
ceived at the v bureau of navigation just
before the office closed for the day that
Captain , Francis A. Cook was lying dan
gerously ill at the Naval Hospital In this
city. His condition was. considered so
critical that the department was asked to
order Naval Cadet Harold E. Cook, who
is now aboard the battleship Illinois at
New Orleans, to come to Washington im
mediately. Another of Captain Cook's
sons, Passed Assistant Surgeon Frank G.
Cook, is now at the Naval HosDital in
this city in attendance upon his father.
At the Naval Hospital it was stated late
to-night that Captain Cook's condition
was much improved. His ailment Is an
affection of the heart.
EIOTOTJS W0BKINGME3T
BATTLE WITH POLICE
BUDAPEST, Dec. 2L— Serious riots by
unemployed worklngmen occurred this
afternoon, resulting in the arrest of many
persons and numerous injuries to both the
police and rioters. The demonstration
was organized by the Social Democrats.
Five thousand unemployed men paraded
the streets.
The first collision with the Dollce oc
curred in front of the National Club. ■ The
police charged with drawn sabers and
broke up the procession. Afterward
smaller bodies of the demonstrators
roamed about the city, plundering a num
ber of shops. They looted one Jeweler's
establishment, from which they took some
gold, and one bank.
Our German-Americans — See their pictures
fn Christmas Wasp. Cosmopolitan California
illustrated. Send to foreign friends. 25c. •
Colombian Gunboat Leaves Port.
COLON, Colombia, Dec. 21.— The Colom
bian gunboat General Plnzon, which has
been delayed here awaiting the arrival of
fifty S soldiers from Panama, sailed this
afternoon for Norribre de ■ Dlos, from
which place she will proceed for Sava
nilla., .. • :v..-.w;v; , '"--- •'
THE PURE \^J
■^^^ GRAIN COFFEE \^7
Coffee injures growing children '
even when it is weakened. Grain-O
gives them brighter eyes, firmer
flesh, quicker intelligence and hap-
pier dispositions. They can drink
all they want of Grain-O — the more
the better— and it tastes like coffee.
All grocers ; 15c. and 25c
MAKES CHARGES •
OF CONSPIRACY
Mining Company in Mon
tana Accuses Well-
Known Men.
BUTTE, Mont.. Dec; 21.— The Parrot
Mining . Company charges F. Augustus
Helnze, the M. O. P. Company, John Mac-
Ginnisa and Daniel Lamm with being in
a conspiracy, the alleged object of which
is to get a receiver appointed for the Par
rot Company through' false representa
tions in order that they may wreck the
property and steal its wealth of ore from
the stockholders of the company.
The charges are made in an answer
filed in court to-day by che Parrot Com
pany to the suit recently brought by Mac-
G.nniss and Lamm to have the Amal
gamated Copper - Company declared a
trust and to have a receiver appointed
for the Parrot because its directors and
officers turned the company over to the
Amalgamated. It was charged by Mac-
Ginniss that the Amalgamated was using
the earnings .of .the Parrot to pay divi
dends on the stock of other concerns, and
that generally the company was misman
aged.
The Parrot Company declares that since
the Amalgamated acquired a majority of
its stock in 1898 the dividends paid have
more than doubled. It is shown that the
company paid its first dividend in 1S97.
when It amounted to $102,857, or about 4^
per cent on its capital of 250,000 shares.
In 1893 it paid $413,730, or 18 per cent; in
1899 it paid $896,415. or 39 per cent, and In
1900 it paid $1,379,160, or 60 per cent. The
par value of the stock is $10, but in 1898
it sold for $18 and in the present year it
sold for $45 and $50. It is charged that
the intention of MacGinniss is to get a
receiver who is friendly to - the- Helnze
Interests and to work the mines in the
interest of Heinze, . . v:"
HABRIMAN WILL COME
OIT AN INSPECTION TOUR
Eailroad President Intends to Have
a View of the Transconti
nental Lines.
, NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— E. H. Harrlman.
head of the Union Pacific and Southern
Pacific Railroad systems, has planned to
make an inspection trip of all the trans
continental ' railroad properties under his
control as soon as possible after January
1. He will go direct to San Francisco,
where he will be met by Julius Krutt
schnltt, assistant to the president of the
Southern Pacific system, who will accom
pany him on his Inspection tour.
Canada Anxious for Arbitration.
TORONTO, On t. Dec. 21.— A special to
the Globe from Its Ottawa correspondent
says: It is rumored that negotiations in
regard to the Alaska boundary question,
pending during the settlement of the
Nlcaraguan canal question and the ratifi
cation of the Hay-Pauncefote treaty, are
about to be resumed. Diplomatic over
tures have again been made to the United
States to refer the question to arbitration.
At Cut Rates.
We have a large as-
sortment for selection
Albums Irom ....... ... $150
Perlume Atomizers Irom 25c
Ladles' PocKct Books from 25c
Per umes in fancy boxes from . . 25c
Celluloid Toilet Sets from 52.00
Toilet $ets from. .... .$150
Roger & Gailet's Perfumes from. .75c
Collar and Cuff Boxes from 75c
Necktie Boxes from 75c
Opera Glasses and Optical Goods.
Eyes tested free by an Expert Optician.
World Famous Marian! Tonic
"Unequaled in cases of Nervous De-
pression, Melancholy, Brain Exhaus-
tion, Fatigue and Sleeplessness."
"Nourishes, strengthens, sustains, re-
freshes."
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
ROOFlNfi^SLATE.
■We aro prepared to famish unexcelled black,
also »rray. roofln* ilate. manufactured at our
quarries In El Dorado County. We Invite com-
parison with may Eastern slate.
On application full Information will b« fur-
nished Intending ' builders.
EUREK* » LATE CO.
Room 15. Second Floor, Mills Building.
■ San Francisco. Cal.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
18 A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonics /or th* Sexual Organs, (or both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy (or Plseasea of the Kid-.
neys and Bladder. Sell* on Its own merits.
NABER. ALF3 * BRUNT,, Asents.
(23 Market •C 8. V.— (Send for Circular*.)
DR. BALL'S REINYIG0RAT0BBf3$3
Stops all losses In 24 hours. Five !r?vl JeCp
hundred reward (or any case we Mai HK%
cannot cure. This secret remedy J \4
cures Emissions. Impotency. WjjJ P^fJ
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea. Gleet, TT? &•' t ; I
Strictures, Drains. Lost Man- £!L, llUIj
hood and all other wasting ef- tirs 11:4
fects of self-abuse or excesses. KWUftJlH
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $3; guaranteed
to ture any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 85* Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1373Va
Market it.. S. F. Send (or free book.
A CNICHCVTCR'S CNQU3H
Pennyroyal Pitts
Si —-(^V Crlclnal and Only Ueaolno.
tr^^fr?"^ la KEO aci1 Coltl MOtalllo bo««. KtieU
J?S !l "••»**«• Takenootherw Beflu*
f5 J %*» «^y r»«<«ff»roH« nabstltaUon* an J Imlte*
\V fp •»<! "Relief for L^IIm." «» Utur, *i re>
-V __a' «»m*l»U. 1 l>,0«»O Tndasalalii. S»M1>*
2526
CRAVING FOR SYMPHONIES
ALLAYS DOUBTS CONCERNING
THE CITY'S MUSICAL FUTURE
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
JOSEF HOFMANX. THE GREAT PIANIST, WHOSE EARLY APPEAR
ANCE IX THIS CITY WILL BE WELCOME NEWS TO MUSIC LOV-.
ERS OF SAX FRANCISCO.
PERHAPS the most hopeful local
happening of all the musical year,
not even excepting the Grau grand
opera season, was the symphony
concert of last week. The new
lesder and his men were greeted by
a surprisingly large house, in face of
almost every discouraging likelihood
against It— Christmas holiday shopping,
the financial shortage Incident upon the
grand opera season, the afternoon per
formance and the like. But the affair sat
isfactorily proved, among other things,
that the people are symphony hungry, and
when a city Is hungry for symphonies
there Is little to fear for its musical fu
ture.
The next concert, of Friday afternoon,
January 10, will doubtless attract a much
larger audience, but the. Symphony Soci
ety has every reason to be gratified with
the success of its first venture. Almost all
of the leading musicians turned up at the
concert, as well as the numerous ama
teurs of distinction that the town boasts,
and from a succes de curlosite the affair
became a genuine sucess d'estixne as the
good work of leader and orchestra made
iteelf felt Also, the strength of the fash
ionable contingent was distinctly encour
aging and makes it reasonable to indulge
tlj«? hope that the order of things that pre
vails in Boston symphony circles may be
come the rule here. A Boston society wo
man regards her seats at the symphony
concerts as the first necessity of social dis
tinction, just as the Xew York woman
lcoka upon her box at the Metropolitan
Opera House as the inevitable, If agree
able, tax on her social position. This hap
pens to be the best thing under present
conditions, unfortunately, for society pays
the piper, while the rest of us get the
benefit. Only so, under the present re
gime, can good music be given, but in
gome future day of sanity, when it Is rec
ognized as being as vitally .essential to a
rounded and harmonious life as the mat
utinal bath, music will be as much a mu
nicipal care as the city water system, as
beneficently and as widely useful. Mean
time, we must be grateful to Maecenas, or
rather to Madame Maecenas, who
shoulders most of the art patronage of
the day, and hope ehe will continue to re
gard the San Francisco Symphony Soci
ety as her best opportunity for usefulness
to the good, the true and the beautiful. It
Is the best that we have here at least and
worthy of all support.
Naturally enough the chief Interest of
the symphony concert centered In the new
leader, Paul Stelndorff. As every one
knows, Mr. Steindortf is the conductor of
the Tivoli orchestra, and the fourth Tivoli
ADVEBTISEMEKTS.
Weber
Pianos
—AT—
REDUCED PRICES.
A few of the 28 instruments
used by GRAU OPERA CO.
artists still on hand.
These, together with our
immense stock of 100 other
Pianos, will be offered for sale
until Xmas at :
BIG REDUCTIONS.
GLARK WISE & CO.,
41 GEARY 8TRBET,
Oof. Gr&ni Are.
cm r irnrv f Weber Pianos.
SOLE AGEKCY : \ Martin Guitars.
L Stella Music Boxes.
conductor to essay symphony concerts,
Adolph Bauer, Gustave Hlnrlchs and Max
Hlrschfeld being the preceding ones. Mr.
Steindorff's excellent work during the
grand opera season " Insured a strong in
terest In his symphony effort, and the'ex
pectations aroused thereby were much
more than realized. The composition of
the orchestra, to begin with, shows the
new leader to be possessed of uncommon
skill in handling men. He has the best
orchestral material in town, lacking only
a few musicians of. note, who will doubt
less be gathered in later, and has fitted
each man to his place with an ingenuity
that speaks volumes for his capacity as a
leader. \ • . . .
As a conductor Mr. Stelndorff shows an
eminent dignity, grasp and poise, as well
as delicacy and. refinement. . Inevitably it
was a somewhat more rigid effort than
his operatic work, plasticity being one of
the last qualities obtainable in orchestral
achievement, but its lack of freedom was
fully compensated for by the solidity,
smoothness and correctness of | the inter
pretations. The other things will come
later, the finer nuance, ease, abandon,
elasticity, climacteric power with rhyth
mic witchery that yield themselves only
to long and faithful wooing, but an essen
tially right beginning has been made.
There is every reason to be gratified with
the start in life of the new orchestra and
every reason for confidence in its leader.
The orchestra contains flfty-five mem
bers, distributed as follows: Ten first vio
lins, eight second violins, six violas, five
violoncellos and seven double basses in the
strings. The wood wind has three flutes,
two oboes, two clarionettes and two bas
soons and the brass four horns, two trum
pets, three trombones and a bass tuba.
T'ic bass, snare and kettledrums and cym
bals complete the list.
Among the plas'ers are to be found such
names as Giulio Minetti (concertmelster),
Ferdinand Stark, Hother .Wismer, Sam
uel Savannah, C. Helnsen, B. Jaulus, F.
S. Gutterson, P. Friedhofer, A. Weiss,
Lovell Langstroth, -W. Angermuende, L.
Newbauer, A. Paulsen, J. L.. Mundwyler.
E. and C. Schlott, J. Wrba, E. Keller, C.
von der Mehden, W. H. Colverd, A. Ron
covieri, C. Goerllch, M. and S. Davis, E.
Lada, H. Slering, E. Carlmueller and J. E.
Josephs. They compose a band that any
director might be proud of, a remarkable
band to be found out In these Western
wild s.
The next concert will have a heavier
programme to test their strength, but
they will not be found wanting. Meantime
it behooves all the friends of good music
to be up and doing.
Josef Hofmann will be here In Febru
ary. He Is the first of the great artists
who -will be'heard here during the coming
year.
• • •
The California Conservatory: gave one
of its always interesting recitals on Tues
day evening last at Sherman & Clay Hall
with the piano pupils of Otto Bendlx as
executants. The work' throughout -was
thoroughly intelligent, capable and sin
cere, and in some instances more than
that. Miss Josie Coonan shows a strong
musical instinct, and her rendering of the
Hummel number was full of color, sym
pathy and judgment, as well as technical
sureness. MIes Lily Hansen in^a Chopin
"Ballade" (No. 2) showed herself pos
sessed of considerable technical fluency
and refinement, without much poise. Rose
Woolf is well equipped -technically, and
temperamentally, as her "Rigoletto Fan
tasle" showed. Lydia Reinstein, whose
quickness in recovering herself after a
lapse of memory In her Beethoven num
ber showed an unusual presence of mind,
has a clean, sure touch and good style of
the bravura order. She frequently per
mits her accompaniment In the bass to
overbalance the upper melodies. Miss
Drynan and Mrs. Aylwin gave a Chopin
rondo for two pianos with taste, and the
Misses Tolclas and Hansen gave with sym
pathy the Reinecke "Impromptu" on
Schumann's "Manfred." Miss Edna Dry
nan concluded the programme with a good
reading of the Chopin "Andante Spl
anato" and "Polonaise." ' -'f^.s
Paris supplies free ; of cost sulphurous
baths. to all persons engaged In handling
lead. - • -,-:.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22. 11)01.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
JOHN D.SPtt ECKELS, Proprietor. Address Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY*".'. .'............ ..•.:.-... • V .""'". . '. ..V. '.': .......... ........... .... .... .DECEMBER 22, 1901
Publication Office .... .........../.......... ..I. <^aiMj§^fe>\ .V.:. '.- '. Market and Third. S. F.
- . . . ■•:...• ....""■.••.. • ■■•.,- ■ : -, • . \ . ■ '
BARBARISM AT ALTURAS.
GROSS as were the outrages committed against California law by the Modoc lynchers,
they wejre not more offensive to justice or to the dignity of law than are those which
have been of well nigh daily occurrence in the court at Alturas, where the alleged
offenders have been brought to trial for the crime. It is high time those rowdy wrang
lings and scenes of violence in the court be. brought under the condemnation of public opinion.
It is not by such methods as those which have thus iar prevailed in the trial that law can be en
forced or justice vindicated. . ' •
Day after day the reports of the proceedings of the trial reveal some new source of con
fusion and lawlessness that verges upon barbarism. ; Insults are bandied back and forth among
witnesses, lawyers and the Judge himself. At one time a witness sprang from his seat and made
a bodily* attack upon the attorney conducting the cross-examination. At another time the Judge
from the bench charged that the attorneys for the defense desire his< assassination;, and when
one of them declared he had never tried to assassinate any human being, the Judge in substance
retorted that he had. *
All these charges and counter charges are made with bitterness and vindictiveness. They
fill the court with turmoil, and the spectators watch the trial more as if it were a wrangle that
might lead at any moment to a fight than as a solemn hearing of evidence and law in a case in
which the life of a man is at stake. The Judge at times makes an effort- to enforce respect for
his court, but he makes it in a manner that increases the disrespect and augments the violence of
the attorneys to whom his threats are addressed. In short the scene is anything but one of dig
nity, or even of decency. A gang of wrangling "pugs" trying to bulldoze a referee would not
be more coarse or hoodlum-like in their conduct than are these representatives of California law
in the Alturas courtroom.
Lynching such as that which was committed in Modoc Count}', and for which certain per
sons are now being tried, is but. a violation of law for which law officers and the law-abiding
people of the community are not responsible, unless by a neglect to bring the offenders to justice
they make themselves indorsers of the criminals. Flagrant outrages like those reported from
the Alturas court on the other hand arc a degradation of law in the very temple of justice by the
very men who are sworn to uphold justice. The bench and the bar of Modoc are not responsible
for the lynching, but they are certainly responsible for the degradation of the court. All Califor
nia suffers when such scenes are permitted within her courtrooms. They are an outrage to civil
ization itself. Public sentiment in the State at large cannot tolerate barbarism of that kind, and
if the people of Modoc desire the respect of their fellow-Californians they must devise some means
of enforcing respect for the dignity of the courts.
GENERALS IN POLITICS.
INCIDENT to the discussion of free trade with Cuba the country is being furnished the in
teresting spectacle of several generals of the army in politics.
General Wood has made special'pilgrimage from Havana to Washington to instruct
Congress in its obligation to give "stable, prosperity to Cuba," and incidentally vote out of
the pockets of American land-owners an annual profit of about $200 per acre to Cuban land
owners. He returned to the island declaring that his mission had succeeded and a panic in Ha
vana would be averted. There are sighs that are admonitory reading for members of Con
gress that say there will -be a panic at the polls in many a district if General Wood's prophecy
come true. . ■ ■
The farmers and planters are not devoted to one-sided protection any longer. Time was
that they were content to feed manufacturing labor and were. happy in the. belief that it paid
them better prices out of the better wages caused by protection of manufactures. But the grow
ing, agricultural surplus has compelled the farmer to seek a market abroad, where he has to sell
in competition with the world and at the world's price. But he has to buy at home and? pay the
protected price for manufactured articles. He has but one way to get a part of the benefit -of
protection under these circumstances. He also must have a protected monopoly of the home
market, so that 'he, too, can recoup himself for the low price of his exported surplus by the high
price permitted by protection. He demands in that respect equality with the manufacturer, and
unless he gets it his interest in protection is likely, to decline. The time has gone by in which he
is to stand for American altruism, ready to do and be "done," that manufacturers may flourish.
He desires to do some of the flourishing himself. . -
He is getting protection on sugar and tobacco. v They diversify his crops in many -States.
He is also protected on rice, and can produce it from 'the Carolmas to the Brazos., Every acre
in these three crops is an acre withdrawn from corn and wheat, to the relief of the cereal farmer,
so that protection for sugar, rice and tobacco favorably, affects every acre of farm land whether
planted in those crops or not.
The American farmer is not a peasant. He is an international merchant. He is wise in his
calling and guards his own interests. He also dominates Congress by his vote.
But the :generals in politics are proceeding as if the American farmer were indeed
"a brother of the ox." They are appealing to politicians and professional sentimentalists, those
chronic sympathizers, whose tears' flow at a word, and who are anxious to lift up the lowly every
where outside their own country — at the expense of others.
As General Wood sailed away to Cuba another general appeared on a tour among the
Chambers of Commerce in the Middle West. His credential is his military service in Cuba. He is
instructing mercantile bodies in their duty t6 make Cuba prosperous. His statement of the obli
gation we assumed toward Cuba reads like the forty-acres-and-a-mule v programme for the freed
men at the close of our Civil War. • ,
His knowledge of economics is confined to the payroll he signs for his salary, and to the
conversion of, his commutations into. cash. . He' seems . to regard this country as a cow that is
always fresh, and his duty to be the bringing in of strange calves to suck her. The farmers who
feed the cow are not considered in his economic philosophy. Per haps it will be as well for our
able generals to confine themselves to military matters and leave our civil policy and public
economics alone.
THE STATE AND TUBERCULOSIS.
IT is surprising that so many people contest the right of the States and the nation to co-ordi
nate in measures for the extirpation of consumption. Whenever that policy is mentioned
it is treated in some quarters as an invasion of personal liberty. But to invoke the power
of the State against the evil is well within public authority. The same people who view such
a proposition with alarm are the first to run to the State to isolate smallpox, cholera and the
plague, to disinfect' where they have been, even to the destruction of buildings, or entire blocks
of buildings, by fire, and payment for them out of the public treasury. Yet consumption slays
more, people annually than the combined destruction of life wrought by smallpox, cholera and
plague together, not excluding the ravages of the two last in Asia.
One case of smallpox in any State of this Union causes a panic, and the local and 'State
Boards of Health are called in and the most rigorous legal measures are at once adopted. The
patient is taken from his home, against his protest and that of his family, and confined in. a pest
house. The law denounces him" as a menace to the, lives of others, and his personal rights are
wholly suspended arid his personal liberty denied. Yet smallpox is innocuous compared to con
sumption. Statistics show that the cases of consumption, constantly in existence, the place of
each victim vacated by death constantly taken by a freshly stricken; recruit, run in numbers of
from five thousand in. the smaller States to five hundred thousand in the more populous!
Suppose that cholera, smallpoxor the plague made such a showing! ; Would any one dis
pute the right of the State to use the most stern measures to right either? It is" no overstatement
to say that consumption is deadlier than either. It is endemic everywhere. It takes no vacation.
It is not sporadic nor epidemic. It is in every county in the United States, and; in some, in every
township. It goes on' in summer and in winter. Neither heat nor cold checks it; It shrivels the
physical power of its victim, removes him from the productive forces of the country, affects un
favorably the economic strength of the whole community. Therefore this disease impairs the
national power. To concert public measures to check it, to arrest its progress, to exterminate
it; is among the highest duties of government '.,''»;■•
For' what do we pay and maintain boards of health, if not to, -protect' the community
GENIUS OF JOE JEFFERSON
NOT MANIFEST IN ASPIRING
SON OF FAMOUS OLD ACTOR
ZANGWILL somewhere discourses
with point and eloquence upon the
choice of parents. I forget his ad
vice to those intending to become
the sons of great men, but imagine
it must have been Mr. Punch's to those
about to ■marr>-"Don't!" There Is an
art in being the son of a great man that
seems particularly difficult of mastery,
and characteristically unapproachable by
those who have most need of its re
sources. One of its chief laws seems to
consist in making sure of. a maternal pro
genitor of distinction, and further, in do
ing anything else than what your father
did before vou.
There is no question that Thomas Jef
ferson, the son of Joe of that. ilk. has
taken every care to provide himself ex
cellently in the first regard, but he has
vitally erred in the second and equally
important requisite to a virtuoso-like son
ship to a great man. An actor father,
the son also devotes himself to Thespls;
the father a wizard in two roles, the son
would also seek fame in one of these;
old "Rip," with the characteristic habit of
surrounding himself with dramatic make
weights and young "Rip" with the iden
tical same Inexpensive vice, in exag
gerated form. t
The Rip Van Winkle of Thomas Jeffer
son is, as a matter of fact, and almost
of course, a failure. Naturally he has the
technique of the character to the last
minute requirement, the gesture, accent,
cap, coat and trews of the lovable no
'count. But there Is no leg In the breeches,
as the painters say. no heart under the
vest, no head under the cap. It is a
walking technique, a dramatic thing that
casts no shadow, without light, life or
body and finally an affair of misused con
science. That Mr. Jefferson has the mi
metic art is undeniable. His "Rip" is an
excellent Imitation of. his father's. That
he has Industry and conscience is equally
unmistakable, no smallest detail of the
mechanics of the character being neg
lected. That he has good taste, ample
intelligence and much individual charm
is also not to be denied, but that his
brains, conscience and emotional talents
are worse than lost on "Rip Van Winkle"
—perhaps on the stage at all— is no less a
matter of certalntv.
It would have made a difference of mo
ment to the show as a whole if the dra
matic furniture surrounding Jefferson had
suggested only for a charitable moment
that its legs were long enough to reach
the ground. There Is absolutely no ex
cuse for such a company— save the mark!
The Jeffersons are of the plutocracy— if a
modest million counts for anything in this
billionalredom— and to offer with a
warmed-over "Rip" the dregs and orts of
the green room is a "lee tie" too much
even for the stomach of gratefulest mem
ory. That much for a possible pecuniary
reason. If, on the other hand, the com
pany represents a desire for contrast to
his own luminosity on the part of the
star, then it can only be said that he Is
ir. credibly modest. An actor requiring as
shadow to his own brilliance the arche
typal badness of Mr. Jefferson's assist
ants would better put up his shutters and
go to selling peanuts for his dally beer.
Indubitably Mr. Jefferson knows very
much better; still. It's a free country and
if he can gather in the dust as the son
of his father even with these raggedest
of retainers, one can only say with ad
miring envy, "Let her 'Rip,' Jefferson!"
God rest you, merry gentlemen.
Let nothing ycu dismay —
Not even the Christmas shows that are
crowding thick and "ast upon us. The
theatrical brethren arc all seeking to out
do their noble efforts at entertainment
this week as a bribe to catch the last
lonely nickel in t..e holiday pocket.
The Columbia leads the serious , enter
tainment of the aeason, with beautiful
Mary Mannering as Janicd Mere^Jth.
Every one knows the book— the one with
the handsome miniature on the back and
the play is said to be a faithful transcrip
tion of its beauties. Whatever the play
wright has made of the play Miss Man
nering is sure to be interesting, and if
we .are' to have any good things during
the summer season we shall have to bor
row a reluctant nickel with which to wei-
BY GUI3AHD.
ONE OF THE ACTORS WHO
WILX. SUPPORT MART MAN
NERING.
tome "Janice Meredith." H. S. Northrup
and Charles Cherry are among her at
tendant satellites.
Choice candles, Townsend'i, Palace Hotel.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. To-wnaend'a*
Cal. Glace Fruit 60c per Ib at Townsend's. *
Thousands of pounds of California glace
fruits ready for shipping. Townsend's. •
Townsend's famous broken and plain
mixed candy, 2 lbs 23c. 639 Market street*
Time to express Townsend's California
glace fruits to your Eastern friends. *
Thousands of fire-etched boxes to select
from at Townsend's, 627 Market, Palace.*
Gnillet's Christmas extra mlnca pies. lc*
cream and cake. 905 Larkln st : phone East 198. *
Romeo and Juliet In Chinatown. Sea tb«
Christmas "Wasp illustrating Cosmopolitan
California. •
Eleven, thousand people ax« engaged In
making lamp chimneys throughout th*
United States.
Special information supplied daily ta
business houses and public men ty tit*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). BIO Mont*
comery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Two-pound handsome &rxtch«4 box oS
California Glace Fruits* txpxtaa charges
prepaid to Chicago. New T©rk and East
ern points. $1.35. Time to send now. Thou
sands of packages ready. C39 Market at, *
Jury trials are eotm out of favor in
England, Out of 434 cases In the King's
Bench at the present Trinity session 162
are to be tried without a Jury.
"The Overland Limited," via Cnloa Paclfla
R. R., is the only train maklns connection la
Chicago with the fast Expres.8 Trains leaving
Chicago In th» morning Tor New Torlc By
this Route you can remain In San Francisco
until 10 a. m.. reaching Chlcajo six hours
quicker than on any other Limited Train. This
train runs Every Day In the Tear. D. W.
Hitchcock. Gen. Agt.. No. 1 Montgomery it..
& F.
v. ADVERTISEMENTS.
[j Kohler& Chase |
jl can save you {?]
11 $50 to $ioo on a I
[| Easy Terms of fj
I Payment H
If Choice of Knabe, Fisch- H
k| er and eight other lead- ' B]
|3 ing makes. H
!;] Headquarters' ? J
fcl 2 a, 28 and 30 O'FarrtH Street H
|| SAN FRANCISCO MAUGMENTED CHOIRS WILL RENDER
APPROPRIATE CHRISTMAS MELODIES
Special Services Will Be Held To-Day in All the Churches, Catholics Will
Celebrate Solemn High Masses on the Day of Nativity and Soloists
Will Sing Sacred Hymns in the Tabernacles of the Lord
carols and anthems
(7 will be the feature of the services
!t - in the churches to-day. The choirs
v^^ have prepared for the past month
to render the beautiful hymns in
faultless style.
In the Catholic churches the feast of
the nativity -will be celebrated with the
■usual solemnity on Wednesday. The mu
sic will be especially beautiful.
CATHOLIC.
St. Rose's, Brannan street, near Fourth
T-Rev. D. F. Nugent pastor:
First mats will commence at f> o'clock, at
which the young ladles will elng. There will be
lew mass every hour after until 11 o'clock,
when the solemn high mass will be chanted.
An augmented choir will render Generali's
beautiful Mars In G. At the offertory Adam's
••Noel" will be eunp. At the end of the man
Novello's "Adefte Fidfilis" will be rendered.
Benediction will be given immediately after
the mass with "O Salutaris" by Curts. "Tan
tum Ergo" by Millard and "Laudate Dom
lr.ura" by Handel.
Etf Ignatius. Hayes street and Van Ncs
avenue— Jesuit Fathers:
Morntr.g — Solemn blgh maw M 5 o'cl'v-k.
Very Rpv. J. P. Frirden VttH b"? Pelebrant! '"•'"•
C. Butler, deacon: P. Ryan. s'j1>-<1"«'-' n: tt«V.
ADVESTISZriZiMTS.
g B.KATSGHINSK! I
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO, |
13 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. I
IF IN DOUBT
BUY SHOES.
Perhaps you are looking around B
and do not know what to buy. g
We'll combine sentiment with com- |
mon cense and present a gift of H
some practical use— BUY SHOES. ■
Every one wears them and no pres- u
S ent is more acceptable. If you do t
I not know the required size BUY t
A SHOE ORDER, but just to help E
vou along, here are a few specialties. H
THE VERT LATEST. SWELLEST P
FAX), Ladies' patent leather oxford if
ties with welted soles, coin toes |
and tips and Cuban heels. Sizes __
3Va to l^h. widths B to D, and the if
PRICE ONLY S2.25. ||
I BOUDOIR SLIPPERS. I
NOTHING SWELLER — Ladles' 1
red kid boudoir slippers with chif- B
fon rosette and satin quilted sock- H
lings. The price only SI. 25. All b
sizes. y
I FOB HOME AND COMFORT— I
Ladles' red, brown or black felt K
slippers with braided trimming and fc
made by Alfred Dalge. The price f
Sl.OO. All sixes. I
OUR STORE has been enlarged Q
m and seating capacity Increased. m
M WE WILL BE OPEN EVEN- If
1 1 INGS during the month of Decem- E
h NEVER MIND THE SIZE. Just B
1 1 buy a shoe order. No present more K
U acceptable. m
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. |
10 THIRD STREET. ' |
San Francisco. |
California
Limited...
I K^0__L__L__^^|___L^___B_^__wS9 1
The greatest train across the conti-
nent High speed combined with
high-class accommodations have made
it ths most popular with travelers.
Ffctn San Frtnclsco, daily, 9 A.E
Ticket Office— 641 Market Street
THE BEST POLICY
BY
THE BEST COMPANY,
•ron pirmc MUTTJAIj UFB INSUR-
ANCE COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA an-
ro N uS?e. that or and after Jaaaanr __»_*_£
will be prepared to contract with agents ior
the representation of lt» „--,...-..,„,
INTERMEDIATE DEPARTMENT
Room 2. *"*%£%£££*&„.
Weekly Call^LOO per Year
W. Culllgran. master of ceremonies. There will
also be a fol»mn high mass at 10:30 o'clock,
with Rev. Father Allen, celebrant; Rev. Father
Forhan. deacon; Henry Fleuren. sub-deacon.
A sermon will be preached at this mass by
Rev. Father Doarman. Low masses will follow
every half hour after the first high mass until
10:15. In the evening there will be solemn ves
pere, with sermen by Rev. Father Woods, and
solemn benediction. • ,
At the S o'clock mass the choir will render:
"Kyrie." "Gloria" (Generali and Merca
dante): "Credo." "Sanctus." Agnus Del" (Gou
nod); "Motet." "Pastores" (Melvel); "Motet."
"Adeste Fidelis." . ,
At the 10:30 o'clock mars: "Mass" (Alary):
"Motet." "Adeste Fidells." ' '
Evenins; — At 7:30 o'clock the music -will be:
"Psalms" tGregorian); "Magnificat" (Caglie
ro): anthem, "Nazareth" (Gounod); motet.
"Christus Natus" (Melvel); "Tantum Ergo"
(Catalini); "Motet," "Adeste Fidells."
Dr. M. O'Cor.neir will render organ solos from
the works of Bach, Handel, Gigout, Best. Mai
ling. Loret. Callahert. Grison and Caesar
Frank. Father A. Cotelli, S. J., will direct the
choir.
St. Patrick's, Mission street, near Third
—Rev. Father Cummings:
MaFw r- ill be celebrated at 5. 6, 7, S. 9.
'-> ».,■■ i; o'clock. Solemn high mass at 0
«"1 5 ntfuck. At 5 o'clock the Kyrje, Gloria
-■ ■> ¥ ':.do of Cimarosa's grand military mass
a.iJ the Sanctus. Benedictus and Agnus Del
of Gounod's mass to St. Cecilia will be sung".
The Adeste Fidelfci will be sung at the offer
tory. The soloists will be Miss Frances Haun-
J?» n - Miss Genevieve Sullivan, Thomas J.
O Brien and James O'Brien. At the 0 and
10 o clock masses the violin and mandolin
club of St. Vincent's School will accompany
the hymns sung by .the Young Ladies' Sodality.
At 11 o clock Haydn's grand imperial mass
will be rendered by an augmented choir, with
organ, piano and orchestral accompaniment,
under the direction of the organist. Miss Mary
Short. Adam's Noel will be sung at the offer
tory-by Miss Etta Welsh. The singers will
be the following:
Sopranos— Misses Etta Welsh, Frances Haus
man, Margaret Anthony, Mary Anthony. Kate
Turner, Kate Robinson, Mollie' Glover, Agatha
?, °^ er * KonIe Sullivan. Nellie Eheehy, Mary
McDermott. Lily Byrne. LJzzle Fuller. Mary
l_Fhe, Man' Kindergan. Loretto Brady, Katie
Cuslck. Mary Radlein. Annie Finn, Jennie
McCarlhj- Ella Canning, Eva Canning, Nellie
Taheny, Florence Kelly. Kate Magulre. Altos
—-Misses Genevieve Sullivan. . Kate Fuller. J_iz
zie Fuller, Ethyl Brown, Cecilia Feer.y, B.
t STPJ? 1 - Tenors— John H. O'Brien, Thomas
J. O Brien, Maurice Corridan. Ignatius Kerr.
Bassos — Eugene Bournizeau, Roy Barrett Kay
James O'Brien, John O'Brien. Thomas Leach.
Conductor, Curt C. Davis. • ' •
In the evening at 7:30 Lejeal's grand ves-
S,'.".^ 1 ** sung: Holden's O Salutarls and
Riga's Tantum Ergo.
St. Joseph's, Tenth street, near How
ard—Rev. P. Scanlon:
Masses will be at 5, 6:30. 7. 7:30, 8, 8:30,
9, 9:30 and 10:30 and at 9 o'clock in the
Church of the Angels. The 5 o'clock mass
will be a high mass and the 10:30 a solemn
high mass, with a select choir and a sermon
appropriate to the occasion, followed by sol
emn benediction. The 9 o'clock nus In the
Church of the Angels will be for children
only, at which there will be special singing
and a sermon. All the children are requested
to attend this mass. Those who wish to make
donations of flowers and candles to the altar
for Christmas day are requested to send them
In Tuesday morning.
At the 5 o'clock mass the following pro
gramme will be rendered by a select choir:
Kyrle and Gloria (Mercadante and Generali),
Credo. Sanctus and Agnus Dei (Rlcci); at the
offertory, a Pastoral by Cagllero. and Adeste
Fldelis. At the 10:30 o'clock mass, Mozart's
Twelfth Maes will be rendered, with organ
and orchestral accompaniment and at the of
fertory, Adeste • Fidelis soprano solo and
chorus; Immediately after mass. O S&lutaris,
quartet (Generali), and Tantum Ergo (Rossini).
St. Mary's Cathedral, corner Van Ness
avenue and O'Farrell street— Very Rev:
J.'J. Prendergast:
The first mass Christmas morning will be
at 6 o'clock. At 11 o'clock solemn pontincial
mass will be celebrated, after which the Most
Rev. Archbishop will give the papal benedic
tion and plenary indulgence. In the evening
there will be vespers at 8 o'clock. The ser
mon at high mass will be preached by Rev.
C. A. llamm: at vespers by Rev. E. Dempsey.
Music at 11 o'clock:
Kyrie, Gloria, from Schubert's Mass In F;
Credo, Sanctus, Benedictus, Agnus Dei, from
Hummel* s Mass In E fiat; at Graduate, Noel
(Adam); at offertory, Adeste Fldelis (Novello).
The choir will be:
Sopranos, Mies Katherine Black, Miss Mabel
Quatman; altos. Miss Julia Sullivan, Miss Elsie
Arden; tenors, David Manlloyd, Mr. Von der
Kuhn; bass, S. J. Sandy, Ernest George, aug
mented by vocal chorus and orchestra; R. J.
Harrison, organist.
At the 5 o'clock mass on Christmas morn-
Ing' In th« cathedral a special programme of
music will be rendered by the Cathedral Choral
Injured by Falling Off a Oar.
William Doylo was treated at the Emer
gency Hospital yesterday for a possible
fracture of the skull and several lacer
ated wounds of the head and face. Boyle
was thrown off a Mission-street car at
the Eighteenth street crossing. He was
In the act of getting off the car when he
was thrown down. An acquaintance pick
ed him up and conveyed him to the hos
pital.
Wheels Pass Over Teamster's Body.
Charles Hensell, a teamster residing: at
the Harmony Hotel, had several ribs
broken yesterday. The unfortunate
teamster was backing his team into tn>
Glass Company's works at Fifteenth
street, when he fell off the seat and the
wheels of the vehicle passed over his
body. He was removed to the City and
County Hospital for treatment.
APV.EB.TISE'M KNTS.
THE FEAR OF HUMBUG
Preventa Many People From Trying
a Good Medicine.
Stomach troubles are so common and in
most cases so obstinate to cure that people
are apt to look with suspicion on - any
remedy claiming to be a radical, perma-
nent cure for dyspepsia and Indigestion.
Many such pride themselves on their
acuteness in never being humbugged,
especially in medicines.
This fear of being humbugged can be
carried too far, so far, In fact, that many
people suffer for years with weak diges-
tion rather than risk a little time and
money In faithfully testing the claims
made of a preparation so reliable and uni-
versally used as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets.
Now, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
vastly different in one Important respect
from ordinary proprietary medicines, for
the reason that they are not a secret pat-
ent medicine. No secret Is made of their
ingredients, although they are sold by all
druggists under protection of trade mark,
but analysis shows them to contain the
natural digestive ferments, pure aseptic
pepsin, the digestive acids, Golden Seal,
bismuth, hydrastls and ' nux. They are
not cathartic, neither do they act power-
fully on any organ, but they cure indiges-
tion on the common sense plan of digest-
ing the food eaten thoroughly before it
has time to ferment, sour and cause the
mischief. This is the only secret of their
success.
Cathartic pills never have and never can
cure indigestion and stomach troubles, be-
cause they act entirely on the bowels,
whereas the whole trouble Is really In the
stomach.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets taken after
meals digest the food. That is all there is
to it. Food not digested or half-digested
is poison, as it creates gas, acidity, head-
acnes, palpitation of the heart, loss of
flesh and many other troubles which are
often called by some other name. , .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL/; : &
KEAHNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 50 day:
15 to 18 week; |S -to $20 month.- Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire grates la
every room; elevator runt all night.
THE SAN* FRANCISGO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1901.
Society, supported by the Cathedral Mandolin
Club. The programme will be as follows:
Processional March, Cathedral Mandolin
Club; Adeste Fidelia, solo and chorus; Gloria
(La Hache), Nazareth ((Gounod), solo and
chorus: Sanctus (La Hache), Alma Redemp
toris, solo and chorus; Noel, solo and chorus.
The soloists will be: •
Soprano, Miss Julia Cunningham; alto, Miss
Agnes Connolly; tenors, Messrs. W. J. Solon
and E. J. Burns; bass, Alex. McOcorpe; ac
oompanlsts, Miss K. Kattigan and Miss N.
Convery. Professor It. J. Harrison will preside
at the onran. 1
Evening — In the evening at 8 o'clock solemn
vespers will be eung by the Cathedral male
St.' Mary's (Paulist), corner California
and Dupont streets— Paulist Fathers:
Solemn high mass at 0 a, m.. during which
the choir Will sing Lejeal'8 mass in A. Low
masses at 6, 7, 8, 9, 3 0. Solemn high mass
will be celebrated at 11 o'clock with sermon
by Father Wyman. Music — Gounod's "Messe
Solennelle," Novello's "Adeste Fldelis," Han
del's "Hallelujah Chorus." The soloists are
Mrs J. G. Noonan, soprano; Mrs. Thomas B.
Gibson, contralto; A. Y. Wood, tenor, and
Martin F Hrubanlk. bass, assisted by a spe
cially augmented chorus, all under the direc
tion of Harvey Loy, organist and director of the
choir.
St. Paul's, Twenty-ninth and Church
streets— Rev. M. D. Connelly:
High mass at B o'clock and mass, every hour
afterward until 10:30 o'clock. At the 5 o'clock
mass the young ladies' and young men's com
bined choirs will sing:
Schenlut's Mass; offertory. "Adeste Fidelts,"
solo and chorus, and Christmas hymns during
the other masses.
At the solemn high mass at 10:30 o'clock an
augmented choir will render Dachauer's "Messe
Solennelle"; offertory, Adam's "Noel," tenor
solo and chorus, and "Adeste Fldelis" by boys'
choir.
The choir will consist of: Sopranos, Mmes,
Valerga. Strahle. Miss Mae Rellly: alto, Miss
M F. Code; tenors. Dr. Joaeph Richards, John
Davis, Charles Wllley; bassos, William Gor
don Joseph Broyer; organist. Miss Amelia F.
Quinn; violinist, William Healy,
CONGREGATIONAL.
Plymouth Congregational, Post street,
near "Webster:
Morning — Organ prelude; anthem. "Sins Un
to the Lord"; invocation; doxology; responsive
reading; anthem "Be Joyful, O Earth" : Scrip
ture; soprano solo, "Glory to Heaven's Eternal
King"; prayer; offertory; violin solo, andante
cantabile from string quartet, S. Savannah;
notices; hymn 279; sermon! anthem, "There
Were Shepherds"; hymn 292; benediction; post
lude.
Choir: Sopranos. Miss Dorothy Goodsell,
Miss Virginia Goodsell: tenors, F. C. Smith,
Charles Henley: altos. Miss Marie Smith. Miss
Estelle Davidson: bassos, H. R. Basford. E.
T. M. Eckert: violin, S. Savannah; organist and
director, F. Dellepiane.
METHODIST EPISCOPAL.
First Methodist Episcopal, Powell street,
between Washington and Jackson streets
—Rev. F. K. Baker pastor:
Morning — Organ prelude, "Magnificat"; an
them, "Prepare Ye the Way of the Lord": of
fertory solo. Advent hymn, Mrs. Bolts; sermon,
"Christ's Great Soldier and His Weapon"; or
gan postlude. :
Evening — Organ prelude, "Aria"; hymn No.
1S7, "Star of Bethlehem"; the Lord's Prayer;
anthem. "O Little Town of Bethlehem." Mrs.
Robb and chorus; solo, "Comfort Ye," Mr.
Kent; responsive Scripture lesson, Psalm 14;
hymn No. 190, "Herald Angels" (followed by
prayer); solo. "O Holy Night," Mr. Crichton
and chorus: responsive Scripture lesson. Psalm
cxviii, 19-29; anthem, "Hosanna In the High
est." Mrs. Robb, Mr. Nevegold and chorus,
violin obllgato, Mr. Crichton; hymn No. 183,
"Joy to the World"; announcements; offertory
solo, "Peace on Earth," Mrs. Robb; sermon,
"Seeking and Finding Jesus," pastor; anthem.
Sing, O Heavens," Miss Gyle and chorus; ben
ediction; organ postlude.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Following the old custom, the cathedral
mission choir will sing old Christmas car
ols at the leading hotels on Christmas
eve. The following Is the Itinerary:
Cathedral Mission. T:30; Palace Hotel. 7:45;
St. Nicholas Hotel, 8:30; Hotel Pleasanton. 9;
Hotel Bella Vista, 9:30; California Hotel, 10;
Rus3 House, 10:20; Lick House. 10:40; Occi
dental Hotel. 11.
Evening— »"O Come. AU Te Faithful," "From
Far Away 1 .' (traditional), "Sweet Christmas
Bells," "God Bless You. Merry Gentlemen"
(traditional), "Good King Wenceslas" (tradi
tional), "A Christmas Carol," "The First
Noel" (traditional).
CmUSTMTAS SERMONS
BY LOCAL MINISTERS
Subjects to Be IMscussed In the
Various Churches
To-Day.
Rev. A. C. Bane of the California-street
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
this morning on "Christmas Gifts," and In
the evening on "Saving by Losing."
Rev. F. A. Keast of the Epworth Meth
odist Church will preach this morning on
"A Joyous Announcement of a Great Por
sonage," and in the evening on "The Star
of Bethlehem."
Rev. Milton D. Buck of the Trinity
Methodist Episcopal Church will prea"L
this morning on "What Keeps Men From
Church," and in the evening on "Tbo
Highway of Salvation."
Rev. John A. B. "Wilson of the Howar •• .
street Methodist Episcopal Church will
preach this morning on "The Condescen
sion of Christ," and In the evening on
"No Room For Christ."
Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First Meth
odist Episcopal Church will preach thW
morning on "Christ's Great Soldier aud
His "Weapons." '
Rev. F. "W. Uoyd of the Richmond
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
this morning on "The Filial Inquiry," and
In the evening on "Jesus the Child, the
Man, the King."
B. M. "Woodward of the Potrero Meth
odist Episcopal Church will preach this
evening on "Christ the Sinners' Friend."
Rev. T. Brown of the African Methodist
Episcopal ZIon (colored) Church will
preach this evening on "The Character
istic Greatness fit the "Womanhood of the
American Colored Woman."
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this morning on "Th-j
Christmas Holiday," and in "the evening
on "Good News From Heaven."
"Is the Universe, Including Man
Evolved By Atomic Force?" is the .sub
ject of the lesson at the First Church of
Christ this morning.
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "The Courage of the Pilgrim
Fathers," and in the evening on "The
Fire That Never Went Out."
Rev. H. H. Bell of the, First UnUed
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "God's Stored-Up Goodness "
and in the evening on "The Bethlehem
Babe." .:'»::
Rev. E. H. Avery of the "Westminster
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "Christmas and the Whole
Gospel," and in ,the evening on "Christ
mas and Forefathers' Day."
Rev. A. Parsons of the First Society of
the New Church will preach this morning
on "The Promised Son."
Oppenheimer Sued.
Arthur C. Alston Is suing Selby Oppen
heimer of the California Theater for $5000
for breach of contract. Alston claims that
Oppenheimer contracted with him for a
production for one week of a play known
as "At th© Old Cross Roads." He as
serts that he was ready and willing to
present the piece, but Oppenheimer re
fused to carry out his part of the agree
ment
Lovely. California Women— Be* types of fe
male beauty In Christmas Wasp, Cosmopoli
tan California illustrated. . Bold at all news
stands. 25 cents. . , •
: " / 7 ; : ; AJDVERTISEMEUTS. -
ior a 1*1(111 • j^. jr. )»|k,^^IvA '•^^T^&v^k JTOi u VYUiiicui
I ' t^,r ble S^^m \ iJiS^arLVrotker
j An Oriental rug &jgl\ lif/ . : ' ' or chair .
I A fancy screen : . jBlM tffMl Will A charming maple bed-
j A big davenport #■! W || A\I\ •. ; J waTdrobetox'couch
1 A revolving office chair U |J| | I A\ M\ . .. A pedestai for statue
1 A sectional bookcase a Il|| :' i|| \ \ « V A parlor cabinet
I" I price " $11.00. Mahorarw" i
i- _ . — , 9nfln PnW . n *,, K „ \ Price 12.25. Golden oak par- • lied birch nuiio cabinet. Prlc* $11.80. JBlemlsh j oak hall
Price $20.00. Golden oak bou- i or table go i ncnes hi gn . op 42 inches high and M. chair. In a tinkraa design. The
I doir • desk, . with ornamental measures 20x20 inches. A very ,• inches wide. Contain* top of back and front of Beat
carvingr on front. Contains neat pattern, with brass feet. 1 Bix adjustable shelves for are nicely carved. It will add
three drawers and usual num- in mahoganlzed birch sheet music and a com- greatly to the attractiveness of
bcr of pigeon holes. j at $2.25. " | partment for books. \ any halL |
I. : —-- — — — \ I Price J-LOO. Golden oak rock-
: I I Price $10 (W Golden Oak I Price $9.50. Child's white enam- fet^StP&B? < Sto5t°tf 2& S-Wto&tS^
B rocker with black leather seat - eled Iron bed. with brass knobs on end. Measures el Inches high It Is WtifuUj ? SfiESa knd
1 § studded with nails. A splen- corners and drop sides. Size, 30 by 55 Inches wide. Contain* twS would add irreatlyta thm TrZ
1 H did rocker, and one of the inchea wide by 64 inches long. small draw«s for •^erware peuue* •a.^comfort o* i£»
H prettiest we have at the price. Fitted with woven-wlre mattress. and a large one for linen. homeT eomio-; ox »ay
t S V V fa?" *^ ' '" Price $45.00. Golden oak bache- 1 1 * ■
. B v - * •■-■; Price $22.00. Golden oak lor's cabinet. 65 inches high and ■ Price 123.50, Golden oak
- H ; : : — - '. bookcase, with Colonial lattice 27 inches wide. Consists of two combination bookcase desk.
; H Price $17.50. Golden oak china front doors and four adjust- cabinets, containing shelves, air- . Containing removable
B closet, with rounding glass sides able shelves, width, 36 inches; tight tin box and revolving stand shelves, ora-wrers, pigeon- '
• i? and three adjustable shelves. height, 52 Inches. whlch-wlll hold seven Dottles. holes, compartment for
• I Measures 69 Inches high and 36 Same case in mahogany or ; There are a drawer and sliding books, eta. Mirror 13 by 13
t I Inches wide. . blrdseye maple $25.00. shelf between cabinets. • inches.
■ ' -———!■—————— , I 1 . ——————— — — t I —————————— f
• S '• OPEN .MONDAY AND TUFSDAY EVENINGS
> I (Successors to California Furniture Co.)
■ - ./ 7J| IU /If IVlCll lSU vvl) UUUUiJUv UUluvll UUlv JriVvllUvi
2728
LAYING OF RAILS
WILL SOON BEGIN
New Road to Stretch
to Fall River Mills
Country.
Capitalists Procure Right of
Way and Construction
. Will Be Rushed.
El*clal Dispatch to Tbe Call.
REDDING, Dec. 21.— St. Louis railroad
and mining capitalists have procured
the right of way for a sixty-mile railroad
from Bella Vista or Kennett to Fall
River Mills, passing by the Bully Hill
smelters and through Thomas B. Walker's
great timber holdings. They agree to
begin actual construction of a road cost-
Ing nearly $1,000,000 in sixty days. Partial
purveys have already been made and a
local engineer and party will take the
field i\-ith $G0,000 cash at their disposal.
The road will follow the copper belt and
traverse a rich area of farming and tim
ber land. There is every reason to be
lieve that Its projectors purpose . to ulti
mately extend It from Fall River Mills
across the Oregon line 100 miles distant
to connect with a branch of the Chi
cago end Northwestern, giving transcon
tinental connection.
The road is projected by the recently
incorporated Shasta Mineral Belt Rail
road Company. D. P. Doak of St. Louis
is president and T. A.» Johnson of that
city is secretary. Both are railroad men.
The ether directors are mining capital
ists of New York. The scheme has been
fully investigated. Moving with all pos
sible Becrecy, the company has run pre
liminary surveys and has procured agree
ments for right of way deeds upon the
condition that actual building be started
within two months. Samuel E. Brackins,
ex-County Surveyor, has been chief engi
neer.
The road will either follow Pit River
from Kennett or from the terminus of the
Terry Railroad at Bella Vista, twelve
miles from Anderson. It is believed that
Thomas B. Waiker. the Minnesota lum
ber king, who has acquired immense tim
ber holdings along the line of the road.
Is interested or has a contract with its
builders. The projectors are believed to
have plans involving the development of
copper and iron properties whose present
remoteness renders them unprofitable.
Crane May Accept Portfolio.
BOSTON, Dec. 2L— A close friend of
Governor W. Murray Crane to-day con
firmed report from Washington, published
to-day, stating that the Governor had
been offered the Treasury portfolio by
President Iloosevelt, and 6aid that the
Governor had asked for time until next
Monday, before deciding -whether or not
he ■would accept.
A telephone message from Dalton, Gov
ernor Crane's home, received here to-day.
Fays that Governor Crane Is considering
the question with great thoroughness
and is inclined to accept the position.
Family and business considerations are
the cause of the Governor's hesitation.
Italian life depleted in Christmas 'Wasp.
Cosmopolitan California lllnFtrated. Send It to
European friends. Price 25 cents. •
looted Jtlusicians B>eturn.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2L— Among the pas
sengers who arrived to-day on board the
steamship Philadelphia from Southamp
ton were John Philip Sousa and his band
Mrs. Sousa. Miss Dorothy Hoyt, violinist.'
and Miss Maude Reece Davis, vocalist
I Ideas Suggested Everything at j
I by the Big Store , the 750 1
| South of Mar- <Swg9; , :^,% Mission Street I
1 ket Street,^ «*•» jP^lffl^^^^JflpS. Low Prices, •*«- 1
□ /"i-i&fesss- f J^v>V^^^7^r^/ p. y manv stvJ es, in many woods. O
§ 8^* |J^ ° o : . 3 e rn^ races every g
3 M T he da y s of frivolous Holiday buying are past I llij^^l conceivable idea g
a -=s^^P> nothing pleases so much as handsome, substantial fur- W^rli^^P^I in this necessary |
g d(S3IS niture of the right style. The permanent value of such 1 Wffifl H household ad- 3
S si I $^\ T S ls o^us. They never wear out-and we offer ? m :% 'junct. g
3r $ W—^i them at the lowest Drice^ in San Fr^nH<;rn '■ *tf ■■ ■ j b
| suggestions of k^^^^sfF\\ V 4 - I /<* "fSod '|/\ji< ' I
s ours are! Ladies* Writing .pf / | '11 ~^S **^ sample. ' ' d 4ml7\h£- Bb 1~a b
D Fipclrc Mncir Pohinofc Rirr fa ZlL-a, •■ 1- 'til ' Nothing 'zSf_ jy^SSf' E2i^?^£-4 . mm
B UeSKS, MUSIC L.apinetS, Big 1 One of the met appreciated of .-more JW^^ylCH^/ 1 ■
□ Easy Leather Chairs and * l*^Mr^fti SSSnKuSrSSor'Wg!^^ -.- -■^■ati.fteto.y -. ' ■^fci*^^»adl// •■ •••■' * ' B
g Couches; all opportune, all . JggL ZL~~&fff W^^W*~W^r^ I
D crnnH Tr~»r 51 Hf^Hm^ * -^Tlf^ % 'I popular style of Ladles' Desks on . \(f _ -^jjn^K^^' \V rM isir^ B
g gUUU i(Ji d. lnCllIlit:. «aj& — ~™*U the right that has been Immense- can bo fWlgS^S^^^^ \U^^^^ 82
e=E5EEHEB3BHEBHEHESE5B2SEBEHSSEEBSBEHHBB2HBB5HHHHB^
FATAL SHOOTING
FOLLOWS TAUNT
Capital City Man Re
sents Being Called
"Rubberneck."
Epithet Brings/ on Alterca
tion and Pistol Comes
Into Play.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 2L-Beeause he
disliked . being called a "rubberneck" R.
H. Clegg, a blacksmith, 60 years old, shot
and It is believed fatally wounded "Happy
Tom" Burrell. a saloon-keeper, at 7:30
o'clock to-night Burrell and his wife
live in a lodging-house at 727% K street,
where Clegg also has a room. It is claimed
by Mrs. Burrell that Clegg is in the habit
of leaving his door partly open and keep
ing watch of the movements of the Bur
rells and others in the house. Burrell
came us the stairs from the street this
evening and seeing Clegg's door partly
open called in to him that he was evi
dently "rubbernecking" again and that he
"had his lamps going," meaning that
Clegg was watchful of the doings, of his
fellow roomers.
An angry altercation followed and it is
asserted that Burrell struck at Clegg with
a cane. Clegg says he had a pistol near
by and reaching for it proceeded to de
fend himself from the assault of Burrell,
a younger and stronger man. He shot
Burrell in the abdomen and as the latter
turned shot again, the bullet lodging In
the back. Clegg then walked downstairs
and surrendered himself to an officer.
Mrs. Burrell declares that her husband
did not strike Clegg with the cane, but
that she heard the blow land on the door
casing. At the police station Clegg ex
hibited a contusion on the forehead which
he asserted was inflicted by Burrell with
the cane.
Burrell probably will die. He came to
Sacramento from Placerville to engage in
the saloon business.
Calve's Tribute to California.
NEW YORK, Dec 21.— Emma Calve,
the lyric artist, is in the city. With her
Is little Edna Darch of Los Angeles, Cal..
whom phe has adopted.
"She is a gifted, a divine child," said
Calve. "She has a voice. It is California
that gave it to her. What a marvelous
land that Is. If you are born in it all the
good fairies are at your cradle. They
make wishes for you. These are great
wishes. To realize them you need only
opportunity. It comes. 1 shall do all I
can for little Edna. My plan is to let
her study here for a while under the care
of persons in whom I have confidence.
Then she is to come to France with me
and study there."
Justifies Abandonment of Pinmore.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 21.— The court
appointed by British Consul James Laid
law to investigate the causes leading up
to the abandonment of the British bark
Pinmore, off Grays Harbor, on December
S, to-day found that Captain Jamleson
and crew were Justified in leaving the
vessel.
Killed by an Explosion.
PHILLIPSBURG. Mont.. Dec. 21.—Wil
liam Williams, a miner at the Bimetallic
mine, was instantly killed early this
morning and his partner, Sidney Davis,
seriously wounded by a premature blast
on the 1500-foot level. The men were leav
ing the drift when the explosion occurred
and were struck by the flying rock.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,. DECEMBER '22, 1901.
MODOC LAWYER
WIELDS A KNIFE
Woman Accuses Judge
Harris of Attempt
on Her Life.
Counsel for Lynchers Attacks
Leading, Witness for.
the Prosecution.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALTURAS, Dec. .2L— Judge ' G. F. Har
ris, one of the attorneys representing
James TV. Brown, the Alleged leader of
the Modoc mob that lynched old Calvin
Hall, his three sons and Daniel Yantls
last May, was arrested. this afternoon en
a charge that he committeed an assault
with a deadly weapon. 'The complainant
is Mary Lorenzo, one of the leading wit
nesses for the prosecution. She was
standing in Laird's store when Judge
Harris came in and, It Is alleged, made an
Insulting remark. The woman resented
it by slapping his face. He repeated the
remark and she slapped him again.
At this point, It is claimed, Judge Har
ris drew a knife, but he was held by
Judge Cherry and others while the
woman was taken from the store. Judge
Harris, it is said, was intoxicated.
The cross-examination of Agnes Wilson,
the half-breed girl, ocwupied the entire
day, in the trial of Brown. Most of the
morning was taken up. in argument 1 by
counsel, which at times became so heateil
that the jury was excused from the room.
The, cross-examination only served to
bring out more fully the details of the
cruelty practiced by Brown and his com
panions, who formed the party that ar
rested the Halls. Agnes declared that
Browa slapped her mother and that they
were subjected to indecent treatment by
the Deputy Constable and his men, who
searched the persons of the witness and
her mother on the excuse that they might
have had stolen articles about them.
Brown, the child said, appropriated all
the guns there were in the house— four in
number.
Pupils Present a Drain a.
REDWOOD CITY, Dec. 21.— The public
schools and Notre Dame Convent closed
yesterday for the annual holiday vaca
tion. /The young ladies of the latter Insti
tution had prepared an interesting pro
gramme, the leading feature of which
was a drama entitled "The Witch of
Bramble Hollow."- It was admirably pre
sented, the scene of the play being a
fashionable boarding school. Those who
figured In the cast were the Misses Viola
Hanson, L. Read, E. Beckley, R. Hem
merson, A. Cappes, A. Murphy, B. Clark,
G. Geary, A: Curran, M. Heaney, E.
Lloyd, E. Kers, Aileen Curran and M.
Hess.
Indian Scout Murdered.
PHOENIX, Dec. 21.-Corporal Irish, an
Indian scout, attached to the agency of
the Apache Indians at San Carlos, was
murdered yesterday twelve miles from
Willcox. Haskidistal. an Indian scout, is
suspected of the crime. He was a com
panion of Corporal Irish when the lat
ter met. death. The tragedy was reported
to United States Marshal McCord here to
day, together with the information that
Haskidistal is at large, but that other
Indian scouts are on his trail.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2L— The Australian
mail for Europe, scheduled to leave on
thp Etruria this afternoon, did not do so.
It- did not arrive here- until evening. \ It
left San Francisco last Monday.
CASE OF CUBA
PROMISES STRIFE
Lawmakers Will Be Busy
With Reciprocity
Measures.
Changes May Be Made in
the Philippine Tariff
Schedule.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
TV.. WASHINGTON, Dec 21.— Cuban
reciprocity -will be taken up by the Ways
and Means Committee immediately after
the reassembling of Congress. It is likely
to come before the House soon after ac
tion on the canal bill and it will be the
big fight of the session.
"I wonder if we have made a mistake
on this Philippine tariff bill." Thus spoke
a. prominent member of the Ways and
Means Committee to-day. The recom
mendation . of . the Philippine Commission
for a reduction of 50 per cent In the Ding
ley rates on leading products of .the isl
ands has opened the eyes of several Re
publican leaders and- it Is safe to say
that had this advice come before the bill
came out of committee it would not have
passed the House in Its present form.
The President consulted Senators Lodge
and Platt of Connecticut to-day on the
question of Cuban tariffs and soon after
ward Henry T. Oxnard, as head of the
beet sugar" organization, called at the
White House. The allied sugar forces
have concluded that the administration Is
determined to force a reduction of the
tariff on Cuban sugar and" Oxnard called
to propose a compromise plan, which pro
vides for a bounty to Cuban planters In
order to put their sugar business on a
paying basis.
This scheme contemplates exacting full
Dingley rates - and then paying enough
back to encourage the Industry in the isl
and and preventing bankruptcy. Oxnard
thinks this will help the Cubans and do
no injury to home producers. He said
after the conference to-day that the Pres
ident would give it attention.
Although a majority of the Republican
members of the Ways and Means Com
mittee are still opposed to making conces
sions to Cuba on sugar and tobacco, the
matter is to be forced upon their atten
tion at once by the Republican minority
on the committee and members of the
Cabinet. The Democrats have not yet
shown their hand. As a matter of fact
they are cutting a small figure In Con
gress and only this week let slip an op
portunity to lay up future trouble f 6r the
Republican majority by mismanagement
and Inaction in the Philippine tariff. A
Republican House leader who favors the
relief of Cuba -said to-day:
"This question ha3 reached a stage
where it is something more than a mat
ter of protecting local interests. It has
a great moral side: it has to do with the
salvation or ruination of Cuba: It means
carrying out or neglecting our solemn ob
ligations. We are bound to do something
more than mere pacification of the Islands
whether it Is expressly stated In the bond
or not. I realize that we are against a
very hard combination."
Banker Beckman Arraigned.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 21.— The case of
Banker William Beckman, charged with
illegal use of the mails in having sent re
peated requests by postal card to Paul S.
Wlckersham of San Francisco for the're
turn of a $5 loan, was heard by Justice
Brown this afternoon and was continued
until Monday for decision.
*?]/ Aft Mr^r/aii-ioo and fancy stitched— some open in front and some tw
Jffjt - r\ri l^lUVClLlCb* open in back— fancy collars and all in the newest \X
fjf Battenberg Scarfs and Squares-fancy linen ?**<*«• ift
W l qUa A CS - 4oili«-embroidered and ope n work _ « ftJ
\£ -handkerchief boxes », -glove boxes, necktie cases, cannot choose wron* if you W
te^ pin cushions, calendars, shaving pads, pipe hold- "Sonmeni jrou wuuui *. * ■#
R/^ ers, downy pillows, etc. Our stock of pillows is "ggg 6 $ 5 S5 $4 50, $5.00, $5.50. $6.00. $7.-50 ffP
jKVB the most complete and satisfactory one we have *2 . waists > *j-°o» w> *o- w > *^ j 5O each Hnf
TTff ever had— in velour, silk and tapestry— in Bohe- ai "L ••;•;;•;•• V'Ll' V: *en**tJtVe *$"-*no $6 so and \£r
Jfu mian,. poster, oriental and novel designs— ready- j Wool « $2 -5°» &5O, $4-50, $4-75. fc.oo. g 56.5o and
ejlffi made and made-to-order pillows and pillow tops — ". .* ••••*? • fei^v
oPy^ some lithographed, some embroidered. some Special Wa'st Bnrgim \J
SF hand painted — more than we have room to tell The jrreatest value in all our stock of waists is a 4A#
x^ of— from $1.25 to $20.00 each woolen waist, with clusters of tucks and silk, em- *fp
my -' broidered designs across the front— open either &
J&l^i [NGCK^fCflT. front or back » and a11 in the very latest a^ 13311 /J^
wh T , ,. . • j <v* , . . shades — a most excellent style and fit and finish — \jf
«# If vou are well acquainted with the recipient spe cial sale, beginning to-morrow $3.75 each \1f
j& give her something to wear— nothing-is more ac- w 1 /"• J
*y& ceptable than a piece of fancy neckwear, providing I P/l'trlPf* CjOOClS. i^
gigr the styles are right. We have feather boas by hun- • v»4.«»w* Jtt\
Kf^ dreds. ruffs and neck pieces, in such bisr assort- v ovelty Beaded Bags—
' ments that it would-be idle to try to describe them and purses and chatelaines — of gun metal and gun J^K^
O^ all. metal combined with other metals. .» rt
&Ln Jpfi H C Hand-Carved Leather Novelties— # J$
' ' . * a11 * Distinctively a product of the West— just the thinsc 6 -jST
J/ Empire fans are all the rage: black and to send to Eastern friends. W'
yjfjtf white predominate— some are spangled and paint- No charge for lettering leather goods priced vj^x
(t)0r e^ — some plain— some quite expensive and others from $1.00 upward. ' JaWn*^ 1 -"
ug» very reasonable — an immense assortment and all » . . • 1 1 • f* * **v
- in new styles— on exhibit and for sale, bejarinning J\ iYlllIinCnV C/IC3ri aa UD« ff
to « to-morrow 1 . ,75c up to $3.50 each * a
Ai \1 7 • j. - This is the end of our first season in the millin- fl iff
Tntff \ K '■ \t flllStS* ery business, and we are determined not to carry 'ftj*
tx -utr t. j • j -if • over any stock — consequently, sacrifice every hat \&
&±, e W ? ha , Ve advcrtiscd . silk ' waists nearly every we have on hand. You cannot afford to miss thi« W \1
if-cl Sunday for the- past six weeks and have had the sale, even if at present you do not need a hat— the j(C ff
O£ bigrsest season in this line we havener had in our styles are excellent. All of our $7.00. $8.00 and 7J^
v\b/ history. Our stock of silk waists is a tremendous $10.00 hats, beginning to-morrow mornine at 8 & *
fLVv one — we have over 30 different styles and every o'clock '.$3.75 each §f jk
JJXS style in five or six colors— tucked and hemstitched Millinery fo? «a!e at Post street store only. \a
FUNERAL PARTY
MEETS DISASTER
Horse Driven by a Beni
cia Young Lady
Runs Away.
VAL.LEJO, Deo. 2L— Two deaths may
result from an accident to a funeral party
at St. Vincent's Cemetery yesterday. The
party, which came from Benlcia, was
leaving the cemetery when a horse driven
by Miss Fisher of Benicia took fright and
started off at a mad gallop. The run
away came into collision with a wagon
in which were John and An tone Borges,
farmers well known in Vallejo. Both
buggy and wagon were wrecked, and the
Borges brothers and Miss Fisher were
thrown to the ground.
As Antone Borges fell Miss Fisher's
horse stepped upon the unfortunate man,
striking him on the breast, face and back
of the head. The latter Injury caused
concussion of the brain. Miss Fisher was
seriously Injured, and there Is slight hope
for her recovery.
MH/u:oiJ"s to be spent
IN KAILWAY BUILDING
Flans of Projectors of the line From
Valdes Into the Copper Elver
Country.
TACOMA, Dec. 21.— I*. C. Dlllman, who
returned yesterday from New York, says
that there Is absolutely no doubt of the
early construction of a railroad 140 miles
Ions Into the Copper River districts from
Valdes. * Dillman displays a contract, call-
Ing for the construction of the road, the
sale of twenty-eight claims of the famous
Bonanza group for $1,200,000 and the erec
tion of a smelter. The approximate cost
of the latter will be $300,000. .
Dlllman has been In New York for sev
eral months effecting the deal Involving
millions of dollars. He represented own
ing miners and made the sale to Charles
G. "Weir, a New York mfnlng expert. The
latter is said to represent an English syn
dicate. Dillman said:
"I have secured. the sum asked by the
owners for the claims. Nearly all own
ers have accepted the proposition. The
conclusion of the transfer will come when
these men deliver their property to Mr.
Weir. Mr. "Weir, on behalf of his clients,
has contracted to build the railroad and
the Bmelter. The only possible hitch
could be a refusal of the proprietors who
have not yet accepted to dispose of their
claims. -
"The estimated cost of the railroad Is
$3,500,000. Of Its construction there re
mains no longer a doubt. In the unlikely
event that the mining properties were not
delivered, the railroad would be built any
way. Mr. Weir's clients have determined
upon this."
Th« owners of the Bonanza gronp were
B. F. Millard, B. F. McLellan, W. S.
Amey, H. H. Fitch, J. L. Sweeney, J.
H. Smith, D. 8. King and A. Warner. The
terms upon which the Bale 'was made were
B per cent of the total of $1,200,000. or $60,
000. upon delivery and the remainder after
an Investigation proved the worth of the
properties.
Successfully Emulates Marconi.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 21.-^Successful
experiments with wireless telegraphy
were conducted to-day by R. Hutcheson.
a local electrician. He set up a pole on
an island in, Victoria arm and received
messages from a launch steaming- around
the Island at a. distance of a half mile.
An attempt will be made by the experi
menters to communicate with the Islands
of the gulf. •■; ■ ■ . k
."We only learn to understand the weath
er by degrees.
IEWET, AGAIN FIGHTS
THE BRITISH POBCES
Attacks Generals Dartnel and Camp
bell, but Draws Off After Bat
tling Four Hours.
HARRISMITH, Orange- River Colony,
Dec 2L— The first fight in which Gdn
eral-Dewet has figured for some time, it
Is reported, occurred at Landburg on De
cember 18. It Is considered rather a fias
co, In the light of the recent ominous re
ports regarding the noted general's reju
venated commando. Dewet with $00 men
and two guns clashed with Generals
Dartnel and Campbell. After & four
hours' fight the Boers drew off, with a
loss of four killed and twenty wounded.
The British loss was one killed and four
teen wounded.
UTRECHT. Dec M.— Rev. Mr. Schaef
fer, a Protestant clergyman of Renv
schled, Rhenish Prussia, presented to Mr.
Kruger to-day a purse of 10,000 marks,
subscribed as a Christmas gift to the Boer
Children by the children of ths Rhine
provinces and Westphalia, '- '• '.-. T •
f. Rheumatism?
W§ Don't You
v\ Yourself?
You'll no doubt run
\fyj across lots of people who
V 6/ J will say that rheumatism
cannot be cured, but don't
let such nonsense influence
L .. n -»~ vou one bit— try Hal-
s %^ •«i-J j£--^ primer's— doesn't cost you
much, and if it don't cure
xt 1 -il» t " you set your money back.'
Halpruner's ha* cured several hundred cases of severe,
chronic, painful rheumatism, and that's why we are satisfied to
say that Halpruner's will cure your rheumatism.
We know it has cured rheumatism and we believe it will
cure you, or we wouldn't say so— we could not afford to. We
want every one to use Halpruner's and keep on using it— and we
know you won't do it if it doesn't cure you.
Some people say rheumatism is in the blood— others say
something else; what difference does it make to you what
causes rheumatism if Halpruner's will cure you?— that's all vou
want to know, and we say it wjll. Now, try it and learn 'for
yourself.- If you don't get the relief you think you ought to
have, come down to the office and tell Dr. Halpruner all about
" £ Ti, y Y tO ° k th 5 me . dlcme - Dr - Halpruner is a very busy man,
them lr i nCVer °° busy to see evcr y s^^rer and consult with
1 .
Trial Treatment Free.
rw T°f rov e the remarkable merit of his wonderful medicine.
■ ?Ja Cr K1VeS . lT ial tfeataents every afternoon between 1
and 4 0 > cjock except Saturdays and Sundays, at his office, third .
floor, 28 California street. Telephone consultation also free.
-/iblpryrieris
All druggists should sell Halpruner's. If yours refuses to
supply you, the Halpruner Medical Manufacturing Co" Inc
28 California street, San Francisco, will send you a large bot-
tle by prepaid expressage on receipt of $1.00.
GERMANS TVTATTE CLAIMS
IN NICARAGUA TERRITORY
Precaution Taken That There Shall
Be No Obstruction of Canal
Work.
MANAGUA. Nicaragua, Dec. 21 (via
Galveston). — A dispatch from "Washington
which has been received here announc
ing that the German Government claims
the exclusive right to navigate the San
Juan River and Lake Nicaragua, under a
concession granted a few days ago to th«
Atlas Steamship Company, has created
much excitement throughout the. coun
try. *
It Is declared that th« concession In
question was forfeited a month ago under
a decision of the arbitrators because of
failure to comply with tho terms of the
contract. In, any event one of the article*
of the concession declares that It shall
not be an obstacle to the construction of
the Nlcaraguan canal.
Germany exported over $4,000,000 wortl*
of soaps and perfumes In 1S39.STAGE DRIVER
TURNS OUTLAW
Robs Coach in Mendocino
County and Is Cap
tured.
Reinsman on the "Overland"
Recognizes the Highway
man's Vcice.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
TKIAH, Dec. 21.— One Mendoeino stage
robber came to grief to-day and his ar
rest and confession came as a surprise to
the residents of this vicinity. The cul
yrit proved to be himself the driver of a
ft age, who, between trips, amused him
self and added to his assets by robbing
coaches driven by other knights of the
rein. In his arrest the county officials
may have landed the man who. during
the summer months, made travel: by
stasre in this region expensive to many
summer resort visitors. Robberies were
numerous and the lone highwayman who
committed them always selected a stage
crowded with wealthy city folk going for
a sojourn at the beautiful Lake County
resorts, reached from points along the
Northwestern railroad.
The southbound stage, known as the
"overland," was stopped and robbed at
6 o'ciock this morning by a masked man
one mile above "Willits. The rob
ber took Wells - Fargo' s box and
the mail sack. George Cook, the
driver, believed he recognized the
robber's voice as that of John Ivans,
who drives the stage between Willits and
_ ort Bragg. On arriving in WIllIls Cook
went to Ivaxis' room and found he was
air --it. It was learned that Ivans arose
at s o'clock and had not been seen in
Willits after that until 7 o'clock. Cook
charged Ivans -with the crime and the
accused man made a vehement denial.
Sheriff Smith started for Willits when
notified and found on his arrival there
that Ivans had not been formally arrest
ed, though the Sheriff's son. Charles
Smith" of Willits, had the suspect under
surveillance. Sheriff Smith swore out a
warrant and arrested Ivans. He started
for Uklah with his prisoner and on the
way Ivans confessed the robbery and
told where the express box and gun were
concealed. He said he did not have time
to open the box and intended to return
for tt. The shotgun used, he declared,
-A-as not loaded.
Previous to Ivans' arrest the mail sack,
cut open and rifled, had been found near
the scene of the holdup.
Ivans is known here and was the prin
cipal witness during- a recent murder
trial. He 1? now In the County Jail.
rEDEEAL JURY ACQUITS
ITOTOBIOTJS CHINESE
Collector Bowers Discouraged by
Failure to Punish. Tom Wing
Chew.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 21.— The decision of
the Los Angeles Jury which acquitted the
Chinese, Tom Wing Chew, alias See
Cheng, on trial for aiding Mongolians in
er.tering this country illegally, has
arcused much criticism here. Collector
W. W. Bowers, when seen this morning,
said that the finding was a great surprise
to him and that it would defeat to a large
extent the efforts of the local officers to
carry out the provisions of the Geary law.
He said that See Chong had been conduct
ing a regular business in smuggling Chl
rrese across the line for the last four
years, supplying them with certificates
and other requisites for the delusion of
the customs officers and that he received
regular fees, like an attorney. During the
lost, few months See Chong has been ar
rested twice, the second time while his
first case was pending.
Buys Idaho Placer Mines.
SPOKANE, Dec 21. — The Montana-
Idaho Mining: and Commercial Company
has purchased the Crooked Creek placer
mires In the Dixie Camp in Idaho, and
also the Dixie townsite, from E. B. Sim
mons and Thomas Bowlman. The price is
abcul 5100,000. The. newcomers axe Spo
kane and New York men. They plan Im
provements that •will make this one of the
greatest placer enterprises in the North
west.
Charged With Burglary.
MODESTO, Dec 2L— Seton Boren and
John Steiner have been arrested here for
the burglary of the California wlnerooms
2n this city on Wednesday night. They
are alleged to have taken $60 in nickels
from slot machines. Entrance was gained
fey cutting the screen over a transom.
Incriminating evidence was found'in the
room of the men.
POSTUM CEREAL.
Coffee ip**~«*=- -g^ps+x
li ■ \ \ \
That dizzy feeling, sluggish brain and throbbing head-
ache are all direct results from the use of coffee.
"Coffee irorks like a poison to me. It to suffer from dizziness and explosive
-cts on ray brain and nerves ln a pecu- noises in my head.
"ar'y disagreeable way. "One evening after walking about half
-Bern* forced to «l« «P coffee. I did It a mile I became dizzy and could hardly
in Thalf-hearted way. drinking cocoa in «t back home, where I fell, exhausted.
in a hair nearo be(L j Rnew wnat the trouble
( t, o moni"ff hut soon became tirea cu
the morni..s. " _ and thereafter insisted upon having
tl at and longed for the real Ja^ o , d . fashloned CQf .
•T-inally I tried Postum Food Coffee, fe6f r KOt well in Bhort order .
and since that time have drunk it to the |t wQrth wMl9
exclusion of every other beverage, lou whereyer j happen t0
can Imagine I like it. be t<j make the Postum properly— that is,
"Laet summer I was in a place where by bomnsr t t long enough. Please do not
nothing but Java coffee wa3 served on prinl my name."
the breakfast table, and I recommenced Thlg pcrson llvea tn Pasadena, Cal., and
the use of it. the name will be given on application to
"In two or three weeks I acain beean the Postum Co.. at Battle creek.- Mich. ■
VANDERBILTS GIVE HALF MILLION
TO DEFUNCT BANK'S DEPOSITORS
To Preserve Spotless the Family Name They Pay in
Full Creditors of the Metropolitan in Tacoma,
Which Failed Under Their Cousins' Management
KINGS OF FINANCE WHO WILL GIVE MORE THAN A HALF MILLION
DOLLARS IN CASH AS A CHRISTMAS PRESENT TO CREDITORS OF
A -COLLAPSED BANK IN TACO MA. . — <■ \ - - • .
t-nsiACOMA, Dec. 2L— George W. Van
11 derbilt. William K. Vanderbilt
I and Frederick W. Vanderbilt to-
R day deposited 5509,000 In a New
York bank, subject to the
order of Charles McNamee. their legal ad
viser and representative, who is now here.
This money will be used In paying In full
the depositors of the Metropolitan Eank,
which suspended on November 19. ,
This generous action on the part of the
Vanderbilts results from a desire to keep
the family name spotless In the business
world. They had neither legal nor moral
responsibility in the Metropolitan Bank
failure. Their only connection with It lay
in the fact that it was managed by Philip
Vanderbllt Caesar and Jacob Vanderbilt,
third and second cousins of the men who
to-day advanced a half million dollars to
pay off depositors.
In May. 1S98. George W. Vanderbilt per
sonally advanced $500,000 under almost
Similar circumstances to liquidate the
Metropolitan Savings Bank. He took the
assets and has since realized something
upon them, leaving his net loss about
$300,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 1 SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1901.
The only difference between the situ
ation then and now was that George Van
derbilt ■was a stockholder in the Metro
politan Savings Bank, having become In
terested in the concern through an effort
to help his nephew, Philip V. Caesar.
Finding the bank's affairs in bad shape
he had McNamee come to Tacoma and
liquidate. McNamee issued a public notice
to the effect that Vanderbilt had no in
terest in the Metropolitan Bank, which
was immediately organized and opened by
Caesar, Jacob Vanderbilt and T. W.
Er.os, who had been officers of the' old
bank.
The liquidation of the old bank and the
knowledge that these men were connected
v.dth the Vanderbilt family Inspired public
confidence to such an extent that they did
a large business from the start, consider
ing that the bank had a capital of only
$50,000, of which $30,000 was paid up. Early
in November it had deposits of nearly
$600,000. ' •
Depositors Start a "Bun."
At that time tho National Exchange
Bank of New York sued for a receiver
ship for the remaining 1 assets of the old
Metropolitan Savings Bank, claiming to
be dissatisfied with the settlement offered
by George W. Vanderbilt' s representa
tive. A ten-line notice of this suit in a
local paper caused misapprehension. A
large number of Scandinavian depositors
believing that a receiver was wanted for
the new Metropolitan Bank, a "run" re
sulted and in a few days the depositors
had withdrawn $90,000, leaving only $6000
in cash on hand.
Two days after the bank failed Presi
dent Philip Caesar went to New York to
consult the Vanderbilt family. It is un
derstood here that he was not cordially
welcomed, but, nevertheless, through Mc-
Namee, who is business manager . for
George W. Vanderbilt, negotiations were
commenced looking toward a settlement
of the bank's affairs.
McNamee arrived here two weeks ago
and began a thorough investigation. His
report, together with the recommenda
tion that the money be advanced to pay
all depositors, was forwarded by mail,
reaching New York two days ago. George
W. Vanderbilt considered that it would
be unfair for him to stand the loss en
tirely alone and presented the matter to
William K. and Frederick W. Vanderbilt.
with the result that they voluntarily of
fered to aid in advancing the necessary
money. McNamee received a telegram
this afternoon announcing that the neces
sary money had been deposited in' New-
York, subject to his order.
Price of Spotless Name.
The amount advanced to-day, together
with that paid by George W. Vanderbilt
four years ago, makes more than $1,000,
000 which the Vanderbilt family has ad
vanced to pay Tacoma depositors in the
two Metropolitan banks. The assets of
the new bank are valued at about $200,000,
which will leave a net loss, after settling'
the affairs of both institutions, of about
$600,000. ,
The new bank had 3200 depositors, most
of whom were working- people. The bank
failure had greatly affected Christmas
trade and there was great rejoicing in
Tacoma to-night over this second act of
wholesale generosity on the part of the
Vanderbilt family.
There has been talk among depositors
of the possibility of criminal proceedings
against the officers of the new bank, but
its liquidation by the Vanderbilts will un
doubtedly forestall any such action.
Steamship Oopack Is Safe.
PORT . TOWNSEND, Dec. 21.— All feara
for the safety of the overdue China-Mu
tual Steamship' Company's 1 steamer
Oopack were allayed by her arrival this
morning. The Oopack sailed - from .Yoko
hama twenty-four days ago, and when a
few days oiit.her machinery became dis
abled. For several days she drifted at the
rrercy . of the wind and strong currents,
which carried her miles off her course.
After being Inspected by the- quarantine
officers she was sent to the quarantine
station for fumigation, • ( «
PLANS FEASTS
FOR EPICURES
Montana Man Proposes
to Raise Thousands
of Trout.
Legal Technicality ' Will Be
Overcome by a Private
Pond.
Sneclal Dispatch to The Call.
' HELENA, Mont., Dec. 21.— Epicures
claim that no greater delicacy can be
found under the sun than Montana moun
tain trout. When Michael Kerchner, of
Victor perfects all the arrangements now
ui'der way he will be able to evade a
technicality of the law and provide a sup
ply of trout for all the markets of the
country.
The game and fish laws of all the
mountain States provide a penalty for the
selling of trout caught in any public
stream; but fish taken from, private
pends may be disposed of as the owner
wills. Kerchner has no less a project un
der way than the construction of an Im
mense private fish hatchery and catchery,
by means of which he can place hundreds
of thousands of speckled beauties In
eastern and western markets every year.
Tne ponds are all constructed arid stocked
with 25,000 trout, but this, Kerchner says,
is too small a number to begin with In a
commercial way. Kerchner gives the fol
lowing Interesting details of the business,
■which he says "beats ranchin' all hoi
low":
"The 25,000 trout we now have on hand
are of three sizes— two, three and four
years old. They are considered about right
for the market when they are three years
old. We have been promised a large sup
ply of eggs from the Government hatch
eries in the spring. We will not enter the
market with them until we have two or
three hundred thousand on hand.
"Perhaps you don't know that trout
are cannibals ; among their kind. They
1-reyupon each other's eggs ahd ; devour
the small fry. It la therefore necessary
to take the eggs from the fish and to ke«p
all tho fish of one ago by themselves.
When they get ready to spawn, trout, liko
salmon, run to shallow water. We have
provided such a spawning bed for them.
It is estimated that, in natural streams,
at least 95 per cent of the eggs are de
stroyed. We expect, with care and dili
gence, to save at least 95 per cent."
Holiday Publication.
The Christmas edition of The Raven
has Just been issued. It. contains: "Tho
Christmas Message," H. Robert Braden;
"The Birthright," Charlton Lawrence Ed
holm; "Ellas Pye's Dinner Party," Lucille
Aronson: "Christmas Time," Florence A.
Jones; "Arizona," Jane Seymour Klink;
"Resting at Yuletlde," Harry O'Neill;
"Satire." Lillian H. Shuey; "Victims,"
Anna Kalfus Spero; "Resurrection," Polly
Oliver; "Apple Blossoms," Saldee Gerard
Bugbee; "Heather Bloom," Florence A.
Jones; Ravenettes, Epistles to the Usan
itea, Footlights, Under the Berkeley Oaks,
Literary.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
' • '■ Issued. - . .
WASHINGTON/ Dec. 21.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced the follow
ing: Postoffice * established: Oregon-
Burnt Branch, Wheeler County,- Mary O.
Falrley, Postmaster. Postmasters com
missioned: California— Joseph W. Wilson,
Kenwood. Oregon— George W. South,
Medical Springs. Washington— Frank M.
Ackerly, Forks; Ida M. Morain, Kenn
wick; Mercle L. Nelly, Lamar. Postmas
ters appointed: California— D. J. Ritchie,
Fields Landing, Humboldt County, vico
Philip Johnson, removed; J. G. Dill, Lay
tonvllle, Mendocino County, vice EL S.
Sampson, deceased; S. J. Jessup, Valle
ton, Monterey County, vice Robert Borio
field, resigned.
Rural free delivery will be established
February 1, 1902, at Lathrop and Buisun
City, and additional service at Stockton,
Cal.," also Fairfleld and Mead, Wash.
The following pensions were granted:
Calif ornla— Original— Erwin D. Hill, Val
lejo. $6. War with Spain— Arthur Greene.
Pomona, ?6; Willard S. Kendall, Soldiers-
Home, Los Angeles, $8; James J. Eubank,
Soldiers' Home,' Los Angeles, $12; Horatio
Perry Robertson, Sheep Ranch, $8; Wil
liam M. Duggin, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $12; Evelyn Dutton, Joion, $10; John
McLaren Jr.. Vallejo, $10; Albert Hayes,
Sutter Creek, $8. Widows— Ella L. Ken
nedy, Berkeley, $8; Elizabeth E. McKee,
Ripon, $8.
Oregon— John Gottwald, Heppher, $10;
Joseph Decker, Wamic, $8; Milton S.
Chapln, Bellevue, $10; Milton Hasford,
Canby, $12; Margaret M. Fruit, Corvallis,
$8. War with Spain — Lucinda McCune
(mother), Carlton, $12.
Washington — Original — Eugene Rieth,
Sprague, $8; William J. Washburn, Rock
ford, $24. -
NAKAIMO, B. C. Dec. 21. — A special Jury
awarded Thomas Booker $1425 damages against
the "Wellington Colliery Company to-day, for
injuries received a year ago in the Alexandria
mine, when cars ran over him and broke one
of his legs. I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A FEW REASONS '
Which, Are Rapidly Making a New
Catarrh Cure Famous.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, the hew Ca-
tarrh cure, has the following advantages'
over other catarrh remedies:
First: These tablets contain ' no co-
caine, morphine or any other injurious
drug and are as safe and beneficial for
children as for adults; this is an import-
ant point when It Is recalled that many
catarrh remedies- do contain these very
obiectionable ingredients.
Next: Being in tablet form this rem-
edy does not deteriorate with age or an
exposure to the air, as liquid preparations
invariably do.
Next: The tablet form not only pre-
serves the medicinal properties, but it is
so far more convenient to carry and to
use at any time that it is only a question
of time when the tablet will, entirely su-
persede liquid medicines as it has al-
readv done in the medical department of
the United : States army. _ • ;
Next- No secret is made of the compo-
sition of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets; they
contain the active principles of Eucalyp-
tus bark, red gum, blood root and Hy-
drastin, all harmless . antiseptics, which,
however, are death to catarrhal germs
wherever found, because they eliminato
them from the blood.
Next: You can not' cure catarrh by lo-
cal applications to the nose and throat,
because these are simply local symptoms
and euch treatment can not possibly
reach the real : teat of catarrhal disease,
which is in the blood; for this reason, in-
halers, douches, sprays and powders nev-
er really cure catarrh.. but simply give
temporary relief, which' a dose of plain
salt and water ■■will-do just as well.
' Catarrh must be driven out of. the sys-
tem out of the blood, .by an internal
remedy because an internal remedy ia the
only kind which can be assimilated into
th stuart's' Ca,tarrh Tablets do this better
"than the old form of treatment because
they contain every safe specific known to
modern science in the antiseptic form of
the disease. ' ■„ -
' Next: The use of inhalers, and spray-
Ing apparatuses, besides being-Ineffective
and disappointing, is expensive, while a
complete treatment of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets can be had at any drug store in
the .United ■ States >f and Canada for | oQ
cant*.
JOE/ROSENBERG'S. ; - . | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOB ROSENBERG'S.
\^^^^^^^&° JH^ Some of the Greatest Valves liU)
BjPiBrOir^^Sw^ e Ever 0Kered in Hosier y» \
f^^^^K^, WHAT WOULD YOU DO '|
I If you were overstocked? Sell I
I them, wouldn't you? But you wouldn't |
l^^^^^g|^^^^^^P expect the same prof it as was originally |
intended. Neither do we, so we have *
B^^^m cut the P ro:fit off "the price, and we i
1 liliiai. quote you prices you can't get away f
I wp WJff ur P r^ ces an( * exceptional We Have a New and fieauti- I
f jf l^F values must surely convince ful Line ol Neckwear. h
B ' YOU th&t UliS iS Ul6 StOrC made of very beat mater/af §3
d , '2 I ' that saves you money. Read ieiklZfTtVVh'e S"«« I
i What Woman Docs Not Wish this over carefully. More wonderful stw. I
i ... „ ... „ , . J FOR INSTANCE, wo have INDIES' i
I tO Appear Well ana *v*-. « , <«-. , » NECK RUCHES, made of extra fine g
Pa P«rki nn .i.i n _ ji iJir* n\ r< r\cL Tl Hlj mousseline de sole, four rows of t
I rasniOnably G0Wn2d? KJCI^VJCX^IBJLjK double puffed ruchln?, white stitched g
H ' XT . _ . . . , • * ... • with black or black stitched with E
1 i. J?,,J n ?"H er h0w . mu f* h car ? i and 6 ¥AFI TiACKMTlBTir 1 whlto < ful1 VaJ(5a Pleated star-shaped |
I kU^dVinc^e iU^bouW 1^ JOE ttO^ErlBERG «*». Wond«f«I *U» concession, |
j pTR^c^TiT^^co^E^i^Tr^ When bvylnj hosiery. Remember hb S^i^^SI^ "' H
g our new La Grecaue corsets. name stands lor all that is best m * l » 1^ insicaa Oe jcJJV. fj
I n* q u T X ar itSian eol ciotn! hosiery-all that stands lor pcrfectioD, . / om9^ 7^^^ V"*"' 8 ' 1 '-
IV? t afurninold'bonln^ which W Md l^^' l <>r best materials and nSde oT^S
a y S> is unbreakable and so lowest prices. ' vf a V qu , all^ r BUrah f U1 l' bes A a f fc !
1 : If xl. \ flexible that it will not , _ }"■: , ' black, wide hems neaUy hemstitched; M
m U^^l A become set to the figure. The following are some very special one and a half yards long; 25 Inches f J
0 I (VoSI It has the low sloping offerings, both ln quality and price: wide. Should really sell for $2.00. Spe- f .1
H vC3MW' bust, with the waist line *K&&»«fcr • LADIES' FANCY clal while they last S1.1O *
m ZT\« running low in front, me- HOSE, made of very H
1 H wS^e, hl w?th C p°Sr.Or ■/>/>«« S 16 ?!!^ 0 newest ! ApFOIlS ! f
9 blue lattice ribbon, or shades, in fancy SUCh an ASSOrtmSIlt tJ
1 . solid black. More durable and fits bet- striped and figured effects, double , . t fj
H ter than many J5.00 corsets. Our price heels and toes, full length, very elas- ,? <EARL ' Y !J2° -^K 11 ?^ 8 ! n "tock. H
& 82.00 tic; warranted fast colors; worth 50c. More aprons than all other stores corn. . I!
sl .. . ... ' ' ••c'^.vv our Drice 25c hlne d. Made a large part of them m %\
I If you don't know her size get a corset Sfvn^'wAN^'woaw^^alvrf our own factory; the rest we bought H
I order— it sares bother. °\ iSa snliced of Prominent manufacturers la largi
19 Deal iiigypuan cotcon, mgn spuceu nunntltipq at a Mcr roriiiMinn II
I Sale at O'Farrell-st. entrance. heels and toes, fancy colored boot, q entities at a blgreduct^ on - ?
black top. full length, elastic. Best g» NURSES' APRONS, 5
a A n A U M n ,,-lt . possible value for the money. ..12^c J5*JCT" , made 2&. b ? 3t <l uall ty M
1 A Belt NOVClty. LATEST NOVELTY HOSE, made of ,JjfcS$ {l , S^e' oveV t&^houlde? I
1 UWJJUUML^ LADIES' BELT best quality English lisle, in the new wide string V^nw; ll
I Hb^lS™! mlde of eood aualitv Parisian lace effect, double heels and ffi£f^ the bottom rL,?^ I
1 kle: new long waist front effect? Spe"- ™™w ™ »eU 25c hose for..l7c I N *S^£»* H
I clal for holiday purchasers 25c A p n11 ««J rf d™,*- In Ton!!*. lffl®J§* %to?txhSS$£&> £& t\
|] A KOUSmg liargain HI USnilC- im^T shoulder, deep hemmed 11
B A Few Christmas; HandlCpr- mon'c <i/v»tc bottom, brown or biua H
1 . i .\n. V/ur * iUIiaa Iianaiser- menS iOCiSS. check, warranted fast color. Priced 11
S Chief Bargains m PAIRS MEN'S SOX, made ot for special selling 20e H
w ? good Peruvian cotton, double heels and ALSO, KITCHEN APRONS, xnada { j
M We find we have too' many HAND- toes; full finished, and are absolutely of good Scotch checked gingham, well H
H KERCHIEFS on hand, and rather given away at this price 10c made, good width, full length, in blue if
n L ha £ take them U P ln stock after the . or brown check. A lost opportunity. If i 1
B holidays we have cut the price now. Evcrlastttlfi y au overlook this 12Vic *\
I of^o D od E ?ua^y N ?rf s riSwnf flne m iace . ™ 9 «T £ k %fHII^S STOCK- B j fl SlJCC j al [
H trimmed or embroidered edges; six in ING. made of the very best fast black **UUU1C1 uiy J^JKCiai. , M
g fancy openwork embossed box to Im- Egyptian cotton, Swiss ribbed, elastic LADIES' APRONS, made of good I J
m itate carved leather, tied with dainty yet very Btrong, double heels and dou- quality lawn, tucked, deep hem, wida 13
H satin ribbon. Box of six 75c ble toes, winter weight. Our stockings strings. Only 25c !
1 CH^F^S^rW ? ANDKER - t"e e m m rideTo re fl a t 3l Ld Or welr Si Sff SaIe at O'Farrell-st. entrance. I
I SeTtF/ile^^ you to match them at this P< rlce &f f - .
B Initials. : Fancy box ready for preseii- ' 1-/.C i-AUU! J-Aira I E
I tatIon •-•• •••- 50c We Have Again Made an Easy oSvSl.SrE« t faa^JS 1 S5^ 1
p We Are Closing Out Our Suit Purchase of Battenbcrg SSS.' it h ?s l SS e K e i a »JSS I
I Department ■ \ . • .(all hand made) SffiS&SKh fiSakg^AtA t b w^ I
I -n .j r j'j j tr _.., :^. .\_ From a house that needed money, clasp fasteners, Paris point stitched r
B Read and Judge. You will find that Buyinq at our own price was no back ' vlvie sewed. All newest shades |
I .our prices are extraordinarily low. Namlfn, "it FHtl tph/q nn ih* and bIack - A wonder for fit and wear, r
I LADIES' GOLF SKIRTS, made of Name for it. Fifty cents on the will look better and outwear any JL50 i
I good quality of all-wool golfing, welt- - Uollar was the concession made, glove. Our price............ Sl.OO i
h ed seams, 8 rows tailor stitching- at ifW-W^JBUWPLiMa r ,. rIv . I
W the bottom, ' Inverted back, perfect fS&'lZffiirffi&tt se o th?s beautfful Waists I Waists f I
| hanging and fitting, strictly man tall- Wz&$^fa~& line of BATTEN* VYai5 ; 51 01513^ |
g ored. It would cost you $.1 for mak- W4^LVffll%[i& BERG SCARF^ Our waists arB mado to *>*
1 the material. Our closing KMW'| runners and cen- And art fit to wear. I
| Bale aro-Fa-rrelils^Vnirance:. gt#A#ii wS^SSl |
EJ •• ' ■ ' K^fJiMfixW^-TH tlr £?pm^ mn^i M:- 7 and up-to-date ln every par- f
I $5.7S Instead oi $15.00. |^^^ £#K S /%^tiVXr*^™ 1
M •-" _ ladies- suits, made or WSSE^tmmml {g!? t J > ™2 j"? [a\b Thl9 week we » have II
I best quality of cheviot, hair their (AJB o^^^^fu d9 ,oi O e! 1
M Eton jacket, velvet collar, * n«»t ♦ r 1 V *^\ warranted pure silk and the i|
P4 l£%X lined with beat quality Ital- A.VZTIQCI U2IH. . '*. ' $ VJ W best wearing Bilk made, f.|
H ( /Tr ian cloth, taffeta silk band BATTENBERO ROUND CENTER " " tucked back, new sleeve, full \\
9 II A trimming; the skirt has in- PIECE. 15x15. new pattern, fancy ,,,^ front, trimmed with Btitched fj
M JIJts. . verted back, gored, lined stitches, all linen braid, lacy and ef- silk bands and tiny pearl buttons, fan- |l
m id&f'fflX and bound; colora blue, fective. Only 5Oc cy trimmed collar new sleeve trlmmwi IA
m SMLmi black and tan- n. r^eiilar tj iTTuvn^tx^ t> tt xt v tr> -o >> t> w ltn stitched bands and buttons; col- M
I ? 0 3 sui?^i iue> wwte "* m<x N? c oi r
m *■ P rlce $5.75 pure linen center. 62x21, best linen „, I'"'" "'" V" « 4<as f
ra «<« i /t>aa n<x %t «««^ covered rings, newest designs. A pos- Sale at O'Farrell-st. entrance, U
I $17 and $22.50— Now $7.50 ltlve onder « this P ncer 1 ....»2.as A - . 1}n . tl
I ladies' tailor suits, made of «1 in Now InUpaH nf 7S « Line oi ,
ffl the very best quality camels hair 1 * 1 " «OW in5ieaa OI $J./3 RoUIld Carters.
Ej cheviot, serge and Venetian ln the . ._ LADIES' WHITE **•"**• ** »»*,•-• ji
a newest styles, Eton jacket, new full- /T| T SKIRTS, made of soft i^< Bought from a dnm- t I
a gored skirts, some stitcnea taffeta vXa bleached muslin fin- Vv mer who had no further \ J
1 band trimmed, others plain; all man- JLJ£L/J9i ished with a 15-lnch e?'\\ use for tn «n. They are H
I tailored and cut after only first-class T35K\y'\vl hemstitched lawn flxrf'ft slightly soiled from hand- . f,
9 patterns; regular $17.00 and $22.50 suits. \ t*&& Yn flounce also dust rif- / /Cm(I ling, so we got them for H
a Our closing out price S7.5O I lcSSSSSffi^ fie. You pay more for AUiO almost a given away LI
3 _ , . -_ \raEj33«> the tucking and hem- TrVwH/ff Price. In consequence you I- 1
1 Something NeW. "W&&? llTtZI I HV I ' Tn^a^ade of best H
I Made right here in our own town. • Plete. Our price A W A 'gSf^S^bSSuSffi S
IS A novelty to give to your bachelor •••••••••••••• """""""" V* 9J -- ±yf W ft ay.fr.j. finished with satin bow. |
H friends. It Is a CALENDAR and a Sal ° at O'Farrell-st. entrance. -t@« W frSS All colors. Only 15o
M MATCHBOX combined, having a glass _ _^ J O e^% ai^o-lajdiest stdh
H beer mug, cards, chips and pipe, and A\ LCSS TlKUl 11311. HOSE SUPPORTERS.
Eg matchholder. When you see them you Traveler . H -a mn i e n ne of SADIES' made of very best frilled elastic, silk
g cannot resist buying at this price pocKETBOOKS and PURSES We finished, fancy metal buckle, fitted
1 vj • OOc KSfaJSS™ the d do P £? S The w^y »tln band, velvet grip button^ Colors
P 16 V«.. A— n,,i~* A~,r AA..- we have marked them we don't think P in J- blue v re j? and ». black. We tak» 1
U II YOU ArC GlVing Any MVS- we will have enough to last all day. pride, ln showing these at this price
Pi lin UntlprttfPTJr Aw^V FIRST-LADIES' COMBINATION • i
IJ lin VUVICrwcar A way POCKETBOOK and PURSE, made of Tn*# D*/»«fwd U
9. M* nnp*ent9 Jap Roaanhern'* the best grained leather, the newest JU51 IvCCClVCu. t j
1 *s presents. Joe Rosenberg s Bhape. the frame is made of the best B 0 dozen more of those LADIES'
m The place. tempered steel, with patent clasps i the SILK VESTS that we sold out Inside >
tl We manufacture it ourselves. No kInd that y° u cannot lose money out O f i our hours last week. Mad© of tha .1,-1
|j middle man's profit here. °J: e xtr a strong sewed. Tour opportu- -best American silk, Swlsa ribbed, low £
w ladies' drawers nlty to buy a BOc purse for l<c neck, no sleeves, neck and armhole3 si
li &b. made of soft bleached SECOND— LADIES' COMBINATION silk lace trimmed, drawn through with I j
B Af*.c** muslin trimmed with a POCKETBOOK and CARD CASE, a silk lace tape; colors pink, blue. Fl
H » n&c&!^ ■ wide flounce of embroid- made ln all the newest leathers, best cream and black. If you are ln need f J
K &t\JjlriTul& ptv Dur nrfrp *> f *n frames; perfect in every detail. Your of any come a* once, because they jl
I WSBPti ikDIES- GOWNS', mad^ opportunity to buy a $1.00 purse; m>w will not last till noon at this price
'H of B0ft bleached muslin; ' « 3oC -.. OUC
1 ffjinrf -s&£ ™»v m™* inc DnocMDcon sw market . street,
H . ' |f * around neck and down 1 1 fl I" nllHr In nrl>L o - Jt t *-.**- \\
H front of yoke with ruffle; wholesalers J|Jt llUQ Ll « UtfilU Running through to JJ 0 Farr off. M
H ask $9.00 a dozen for not as good as «»«?»>. nuc , AM dith mv/> Fl
H these, our price ...7,. .50c Mall Orders Solicited. PHELAN BUILDING. (
TWO BODIES rOTJND ON
BEACH NEAR FLATTERY
Believed to Be Those of Seamen of the
Missing Steam Collier
Matteawan.
PORT TOWNSEND, Dec. 21.— Two
bodies were plaked up on the beach south
Of Cape Flattery yesterday, according to
reports brought here this mofning by the
steamer Alice Gertrude from Neah Bay.
From a description of the bodies given to
the Indian Agent at Neah Bay, it ia be
lieved the men were members of the crew
of the' missing steamship Matteawan.
Persons have left Neah Bay to identify
the remains. ' .
Tamous "Writers in. Christmas Wasp.
The Wasp has scored a great hit in its
Christmas number, which illustrates cos
mopolitan California [ by a profusion of
photo engravings representing all- types
in our State. The literary f eaftire is
Christmas stories written for the "Wasp
by such world-famed authors as Robert
Barr Guy Booth oy and John Strange
Winter. The Wasp is certainly an up-to
date Illustrated newspaper. *
Carrie Nation. Cases Dismissed.
WICHITA, Kans.. Dec. 21.— All cases in
the i District Court against Carrie Nation
and her saloon-smashing ; colleagues were
dismissed to-day, the Supreme Court hav
ing decided all Important points at issue.
No Smallpox in Randsburg.
RANDSBURG, Dec. 2L— Dr. Carson,
health officer of Kern County, arrived
hore last night, and, after consultatlopr
with resident physicians and an examina
tion of some of the patients suspected of
having smallpox, pronounced the epidemic
nothing but a mild form of skin disease.
S HAVE L YOU N.
BOUCHT ONE YET? 1
Only two days more in which to take advantage of our offer. u
.; ■■ .."-«gd|pp^^^TOE-HAYIIARD CARBINE I
Xm0^ is now selling for $1.75, including twen- |
1*^ ty cartridges free. 3
These Runs cost the U. S. Army $18 apiece wholesale, and are I
in perfect condition.- Each shoot3 1000 yards, is light-weight and §
breech-loadinj?, usinpr brass shells, which may be v rcnlled at any .!,.':■'
time, b
Everybody- should have one, as it is a useful article and a , 1
priceless relic of Army Life. No other gun equal to it can be 0
bought for less than $10.00. H
Now is your last chance to secure one for $1.75, as we close H
Christmas for good. ' |
WO VIDI/ 517 Market St. B
1 0. MniV, gan Francisco. J
There are no new cases and ths amallpoz
scare has no foundation ln fact
BEDAXJA. Mo.. Dec. 21.— Ttoa lafmat of atra.
Ella Davis 'was found frozen to death to
day and tha mother so badly frozen that uhm
cannot recover.
2930
ADVZBTISEBEEyTS.
SMASH UP
The Second Floor
of the Bishop
Building
At 645 Market Street a Ver-
itable Slaughter - Entire
Wholesale Stock of Fine
Pianos Goes to the Bottom
Wjth a Crash,
Nearly Two Hundred Fine New
Pianos to Be Sacrificed by Eilers
Piano Go. to Retail Buyers This
Week— Most Phenomena! Price
Gutting— The Lowest Prices on
New Higb-Grade and Strictly War-
ranted Pianos Ever Seen in San
Francisco — Don't Be Late at
This Sale— Easy Terms of Pay-
ment Are Offered— If All Could
but Realize the Exact Situation
as It Is Everything Would Be
Closed Gut Before Tuesday,
If you are interested in the purchase of
m. fine plano~br org-an -within the next two
years you trill have here now the most
extraordinary opportunity to secure a
good Instrument at a tremendous saving
in price.
A short time ago In order to secure our-
selves we were compelled to accept a
large stock of pianos, consisting of Steln-
way. Emerson, Estey, Starr and other
well known makes, and in order to dis-
pose of these instruments by the first of
the year we have decided to make a grreat
retail slaughter sale of them, Including
also as a special advertising feature ln
this sale our entire large wholesale stock
of etrlctly high grade pianos, carried at
our salesrooms, 645 Market street, second
floor* upstairs, in the Bishop building.
But nine days remain until the end of
the year, and we realize that only the
most sensational price cutting will move
this large stock of nearly two hundred
fine pianos within that time. But we are
determined to close out the entire stock
of Instruments before taking any further
leas© of the premises, and while we re-
gret to make euch low figures or open
cut ln prices as to disturb the immediate
future of the music trade of this city, we
feel obliged to make such low prices as
will dispose of every instrument in these
warerooms within the next nine days.
"We have here now and for sale besides
the above mentioned stock of Stelnway,
Emerson, Estey and Richmond pianos the
finest assortment of the New Scale Kim-
ball pianos ever displayed on the coast,
besides eucb well known and strictly re-
liable makes as Milton, 'Whitnej-, Hinze
and other cheaper brands, a hundred and
ninety-six fine new pianos in all. We
have also a number of new odd sample
pianos, of various malces and in any and
all styles. "We offer to take for them the
exact wholesale or factory cost, which
means to you at least or nearly one-half
lower prices than these or same grades of
•Instruments regularly retail for in this or
eny other city.
The New Scale KImball Piano is now
recognized as the leading and greatest
American pianoforte, strictly high grrade
aud first class. Steinway pianos are so
well known ln San Krancisco as to need
no further Introduction. We offer Mon-
day the most beautiful oak cased, seven
and one-third octave. Ftrlctly high grade,
upright piano for fSU. which is almost
one-half price.
We offer the largest walnut or mahog-
any cased Sch!rmer upright -pianos for
$117. They are considered worth J2.*0
everywhere. These pianos have three
pedals, revolving lockboard and swinging
music desk, three strings throughout.
Regular $300 etyles, which have never
been sold even in the East for less than
5275, can be secured to-morrow for $137,
and the fanciest styles, also with three
pedals, are now offered for 5156. Easy
monthly payments if desired.
Choice of several so-called $G00 Stelnway
upright pianos, brand new and fully war-
ranted by the factory, as well as by our-
selves. $285.
Choice of a carload of Emerson and
Gramer pianos at 518G, for either walnut
or oak cases. Fully warranted.
A number of brand new Estey uprights,
also several Starr pianos, retail value 5400
now jni 5218 and 5247 for the fanciest
styles. Factory warrantees also accom-
pany these instruments. k
The Nugent pianos, brand new. fo long
as the supply lasts will go for 5122.50; also
on easy payments If desired.
Don't miss this sale if the savins of
money Is aa object Retail dealers will
tell you that new pianos cannot regularly
be sold at such low prices and yield even
a nominal profit to the seller, and If that
is the case, then our loss Is your gain
All other Instruments in the wholesale
stock will be slaughtered at correspond-
ingly low figures. This Is certainly the
most opportune time to buy a good piano
and if you are not prepared to pay all
cash down, we will arrange time pay-
ments with any responsible buyer
With the exception of three, large and
fancy styles on which payments must be
at least *» down and 520 per month, all
instruments can be obtained, at cash
prices on payment of 525 or $15 down and
$10 or $8 per month, with Interest on de-
ferred payments at 8 per cent per annum.
Regular five years' written guarantee
will accompany each instrument sold
duly countersigned *y us, thus making
these Instruments as safe to buy as Gov-
ernment bonds. And If you have unv
pcsslble use for a piano come tou s b^t
dp not delay for at the end of the allotted
nine days these instruments will all be
SSk^MS? be no more - the Eale w? »
Numerous used pianos of odd makes re
celved ln part payment for new Klmbail
pianos, go now at less than one-half of
their regular retaU value to get them oSt
mor^r^nJ 6 " 118 ° f Payment 1!ttle
This sale as above will be held at our
wholesale warerooms. the second floor of
the Bishop building, entrance at 645 Mar-
ket street, commencing to-morrow (Mon-
day) morning, and if every one in this
city could but realize the exact situation
as it is nothing would be left for sale
Tuesday. Store open day and night till
ctock is closed out. Eilers Piano Co Re-
member the number, 645 Market street
near Kearny. ■
CHILD ATTEMPTS
TO KILL HERSELF
Sadie Herron Drinks Car
bolic Acid to End
Existence.
Claims That She Was Abused
and Beaten by Her
Guardian.
Despondent because of alleged ill treat
ment by her aunt and guardian, 13-year
old Sadie Herron tried to end her life
yesterday afternoon at the home of her
brother, Robert Herron. S19A Tenth
street, by swallowing a dose of carbolic
acid.
Fortunately the child had diluted the
poison before drinking it and beyond brt
ing burned slightly about the mouth and
face will not suffer from its effects.
The little girl was taken to the Central
Emergency Hospital. The condition of
her clothes showed that/she h.iil not re
ceived proper attention. Upon being
asked the reason for her aia-mpt upon
her life she related a pitiful story.
Some four years ago, the girl said, her
mother died and a year later her faihor
was claimed by death. After her parent*
demise the orphan girl was sent to the
St. Joseph Asylum, where she remained
until about a year ago, when she was
given Into the care of an aunt, Mrs.
Nellie Meyers, who resides at 10 Mor
ris avenue. A Bhort time' after she
had made her home in her aunt's house,
"tho girl claims, her new guardian com
menced to beat her and as time pae^ed
the beatinss were administered more fre
quently and became more severe. The
child said:
On the least provocation, and ofttlme* with
out reason or cause, my uunt would whip me,
using a heavy etrnp on my naked body.
My aunt would kpep me locked ln the house
after I had returned from school and would
threaten me with a beatlne If 1 went on the
street to play. No matter what I did. she
■vvoull find fault and scold me. She made me
do all the darnin* for the family, and when
I would finish that work she would undo it
and, after rapping- me over the knuckles with
a pair of scissors, would compel me to do the.
work again. My aunt never talked to me ex
cept to scold and would keep me ln a room
by myself.
Many times I was covered with black and
blue marks from the beatings I would get.
but except on one occasion, when I showed
them to my younger brother, who lives in the
house, I was afraid to tell any one.
Every morning- I was compelled to set up
and have breakfast for Mr. Meyers at 6 o'clock.
I became tired of living with my aunt and
left the house to go to the house of my mar
ried brother en Tenth street. I felt lonesome
and thought that nobody cared* for me, and I
wanted to die and be with my mother.
Mrs. Meyers, the accused aunt, called at
the hospital during the evening to see
her niece. She declared that she had
tried to make her home a pleasant one
for the child. "The girl Is stubborn and
hard to manage," the aunt said, "and
when she says that I abused her sho is
romancing-. She left my house a week
ago without cause."
The girl modified her statements some
what ln the presence of her aunt, but
after Mrs. Meyers had gone she reiterated
her former story.
According to. the girl's statement her
older brother contributed to her support
and that of a yo.unger brother who lives
with Mrs. Meyers.
SULLIVAN'S FATE
WITH THE JURY
Alleged Jury-Briber Is
Awaiting Verdict
in Chicago.
CHICAGO. Dec. 21.— Arguments for the
defense of Alexander Sullivan, closed to
day and Assistant State's Attorney
Barnes followed and asked the Jury to
send Sullivan to the penitentiary for con
spiracy in connection with the corruption
of juries in the civil courts here three
years ago.
Attorney O'Donnell made a strong plea
for his client and tried to show that the
West Chicago Street Railway Company
was the real culprit. He denounced
Lynch's testimony against Sullivan and
took to task the street railway company
and Its directors, whom he called "jury
bribers' masters." It was common
knowledge, he said, that the West Chi
cago Street Railway Company had a de
partment of corruption and dishonor arid
l:e wanted to know If the- jurors thought
it possible that the road had not begun
bribery until 1S97, when Sullivan made a
contract with the road. He also asked
the jury If it was reasonable that the
railway directors bribed or that they had
a man to do it who would not profit by it
a penny.
Judge Smith finished reading his In
structions at 9 p. m. and the case was
given to the jury. At 11 o'clock to-night
the Jury had not agreed and there was
no Immediate prospect of Its doing so.
Loud arguments could be heard from the
jury-room, and it was safd the Jury stood
about evenly divided for acquittal and
conviction. There Is no chance for an an
nouncement before 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning, when Judge Smith will open
court to hoar a report from the Jury.
Arch.bish.op Praises Arbitrators.
CHICAGO. Dec. 2L— Archbishop Ireland
of St. Paul was in Chicago for a few
hours to-day on his w f ay home from New
York. Commenting with much optimism
on the recent formation in the metropolis
of the arbitration commission, he said:
"The commission was a great success,
both on account of the character of the
men who took part In it, of the objects
which they propose to, pursue and of the
possibilities of the results to follow. It
was no small thing to bring together the
chief labor leaders of the country, em
ployers representing the largest industrial
operations, as well as those men who
spoke for public opinion and general prln
jciples of justice rather than for the spe
cial interests of labor or capital."
Angels Defeat All-Americas.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 21.— Hate's phe
nomenal pitching and the perfect fielding
of the Los Angeles team served to shut
out the All Americas to-day. Only five
scattering hits were made off Hale and
three of these were of the short infield
order. .Not once did one of the visitors
reach third base. The locals found Bern
hard quite easy and batted out five runs.
The game was a record breaker ln the
matter of time, only an hour and thirteen
minutes being occupied ln playing the full
nine innings. The last game of the series
will be played to-morrow, when Waddell
and McPartlin will be the opposing pitch
ers.
Dealers in Oil Will Meet.
DENVER, Dec. 21.— A committee ap
pointed at a meeting 6T representatives
of oil companies ln this city has decided
to call a convention to- be held ln Denver
January 6 for the purpose of organizing
the Western Oil Association. Colorado
Wyoming. Utah. Texas, New Mexico,
Kansas, Nebraska, Oklahoma and Arizona
will be represented. Many applications
for membership in the oil exchange which
it is proposed to establish m Denver havo
been received.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 22, 1001.
AMATEURS TO PLAY IN BENEFIT
FOR LINCOLN MONUMENT FUND
Student Actors Will Present "The Tigress" in Odd
Fellows' Hall Christmas Afternoon and Evening.
Mayor-Elect Schmitz to Lead the Orchestra
f^ LEVER amateurs, students of th
// histrionic art, who will some day
Wwln laurels on the professional
stage, will present the melodra
matic play, "The Tigress," at Odd
Fellows' Hall Christams afternoon and
also Christmas evening 1 . . The production
Is under the auspices of the Lincoln Mon
ument League, and the entire proceeds
above the actual expenses of the produc
tion will go to swell the fund of that or
ganization.
The budding Thespians who will par
ticipate are students ln the Caldwell Col
lege of Oratory and Acting and the Rob
ert Downing Institute of Dramatic Art.
They have been selected from the best
material of these two well known schools
and have been carefully drilled In the
roles they are to assume in the Christmas
productions. Beyond question the play
will be as well presented as If in the
hands of a first class stock company. At
the matinee popular prices are to pre
vail, 25 cents being- the price of admission.
In the evening the prices are to be 25
and 50 cents and $1.
"The Tigress" was one of the favorite
stock plays presented by Joseph Grismer
when he was first embarking on theatri
cal seas, and by singular fortune George
H. Hermance, who was Grismer's stage
manager when he first presented "The
Tigress," is now director of the Caldwell
College of Oratory and Acting and will
have charge of the Christmas day pro
duction of the popular melodrama.
"The Tigress" consists of a prologue
and four acts. Special scenery is being
painted for this presentation.
The cast of characters Is as follows:
For the prologue: Lise Troubert, Mlsa Caro
line Flanders (the sensation of the hour); Ger
ard Troubert, Thomas Graham (a modern Me
phistopheles); Victor Valjean. Ernest Vincent
(an everyday specimen); M. Brlg-ard, Herbert
Morris (a product of Paris): croupier. Charles
Wilson (in charge of the gaming tables); Sara,
Mlsa Louise Saxton (a threadbare. fancy); Ga
briel Margot, Miss Ethel* Farley (a Parisian
moth). For the play: Count Guido Barrotti.
Thomas Graham (a Parisian meteor): Count
Kaphael Beaudry, Jack Woolson (a man with
a will); Dr. Renault. "Walter Miller (a Paris
ian physician): Lord Noddy. J. Morris Foster
(a man without a will); sen-ant, E. J. Ben
der (at the chateau): Angela Romano, Miss
Louise Saxton (governess at the Chateau Beau
dry); Madam Lanninc. Miss Harriet Jean
Brown (half Bister to the Countess Beaudry) •
Countess Beaudry. MIes Emily Hoes (a fol
lower of fashion): Ettlenne. Master Arden Sax
ton (Count Beaudry's ward); Stella Barrotti,
Miss Caroline Flanders (a reigning yueen,
known as the # "Tigress").
Tickets are on sale' at 1327 Market street
and at Sherman & Clay's. They will also
be en sale at the box office from 10 a, m.
to 5 p. m.. December 24, and from 10 a. m.,
December 25.
Eugene E. Schmitz. Mayor-elect, has
kindly consented to direct a special or
chestra and to play a. solo.
The melodrama will be preceded by an
orchestral concert. Alfred Roncovieri,
1-EN FAMOUS SCOUTS TO
WATCH BOER MOVEMENTS
Pick of the Canadian Plainsmen Will
Accompany Mounted Rifles to
South Africa.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 21.-Ten of
the best-trained scouts of the entire
mounted police force In the territories
and in the Yukon will accompany the
new force of Canadian Mounted rtiflea,
which is to leave for South Africa at tn,e
first of the year. These men have been
picked from an entire scouting force of
more than sixty. JVIany of them have
records dating back to the Itlel rebellion
of 18S5. Most of them are half-breeGs,
used to working In all kinds of weather
and under every possible conditiun of
man-huntircgv
Another innovation ln the formation of
the force of nearly 1000 men who form the
new contingent is a field or
bearer, company consisting of fifty men.
This is a new branch of the Canadian
military service. The War Office in Lon
don is'acceptlng two additional squadrons
to the ones obtained in the first draft ot
600 men and these are to be selected next
week, mostly from .British Columbia and
the Northwest.
Colonel Evans, who will command the
new contingent, was formerly in charge
of the Canadian troops in the i<"l"
and is one of the best-known officers ln
the Canadian militia. He was at tfie
head of the second Canadian contingent,
which went to South Africa a year and a
half ago.
TOPEKA. Kan.. Dec. 21.— The infant daugh
ter of Rev. Mr. Jalson was fatally wounded
and hlsVon shot through the arm while play
ing last evening with a supposed unloaded re
volver.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STOMACH BITTERS
. This, wonderful medicine has
never been equaled as a stomach
strengthener anJ health builder.
It is, the only one, to take when
your system is weak and run down
and you surfer from dyspepsia,
indigestion, constipation, flat-
ulency, sour stomach, or head-
ache. Try it. It will surely do
you good. Be sure to get the
genuine with cur Private Die'
Stamp oyer ihe neck of the bot-
tle, also obtain a copy of Hostet-
ter's Almanac lor 1902 from your
druggist, lree.
TWO STUDENT THESPIANS
WHO WILL APPEAR IN "THE
TIGRESS."
chairman of the committee on music for
this entertainment, has chosen from
among the picked soloists of the city a
large orchestra of musicians who have
been accustomed to playing under the
leadership of Mayor-elect Schmitz, and
they will render among: other pieces "The
American Citizen's March." composed bv
Sir. Schmitz.
Both Lincoln and Garfleld posts of the
Grand Army of the Republic have ordered
that the comrades parade in a body from
their post rooms to Odd Fellows' Hall for
the afternoon production. The veterans
are notified to appear in uniform at the
post rooms at 1 o'clock preparatory to the
march to the hall. ;
ONXY FIFTY GLASSES,
SAYS THE CANDID BREWFB
"Witness in a Montana Court Caso
Makes Revelations About His
Bibulous Propensities.
HELENA, Mont. Dec. 21.— The proverb
of "Doctor, take your own medicine "
seems to have been^exempliOed in this
city, when Julius Lelirkind, a well-known
Bozeman brewer, declared on tile witness
stand in the district court that he fre
quently consumed fifty glasses of bee^ in
an evening, without injuring his health
or disturbing his mental equipoise.
Lehrkind was suing John Stelnbrenner
ror the price of a carload of malt, the
latter claiming he never ordered the malt
and would have no more use for it than
he would for a white elephant. He
claimed that Lehrkind was intoxicated.
The plaintiff strenuously denied this last
allegation. He admitted that he drank a
coupl© of dozen glasses of beer at the
time, but that his intellect was not the
least befogged thereby. Then he de
clared that fifty glasses would not in
toxicate him. - Nevertheless, the jury
found In favor of Steinbrenner.
Arguments on Maine Claims.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21.— Arguments In
the claim cases gTowlng out of the de
struction of the battleship Maine In Ha
vana harbor were concluded to-day before
the Spanleh Claims Commission, and the
commission adjourned until January fi
1902. J
A J VERT ISEMENTS.
REVIVES BENUMBED
VITALITY, SO CURES
asflBfl wwfiS^^r
A Cold checks, tha circulation— "71"
stimulates the heart's action, sends the
blood tingling through the veins.
A Cold causes Torpid Uver— "77" re-
stores its activity,' cleansing the system. '
A Cold benumbs the Kidneys— "77" as-
sists the action of the "filters" of the
body— carries off the Impurities, especially
uric acid, preventing Rheumatism.
•"77', f breaks up a Cold that clings.
At all drusrglsts'. 25 cents, or mailed on re-
ceipt of price. Doctor's book mailed free.
Humphreys' Homeopathic Medicine Co., cor.
William and John sta.. New York. - 1
ONLY A SCHEME,
SAYS MORGAN
Senator v' Speaks of the
■Panama Canal Com
pany's Offer.
Declares That It Is an Attempt
to Retard Legis
lation. •
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
"ST.*, WASHINGTON, Dec. LI.— "I have
read the proposition of the Panama Canal
Company, cabled from Paris," said Sena
tor Morgan to-night, "and I do not regard
it worthy of serious consideration. It is
but another attempt to retard the passage
of the Nicaragua canal bill during the
present session of Congress.
"In the first place the United States
cannot negotiate with the Panama Canal
Company for the purchase of its Interests
on the istbmus. This talk of the canal
company being willing to sell to the
United States Government at the figures,
$40,000,000, named by the Canal Commis
sion Is like so much hot air from Paris
blowing against the White House . at
Washington to those who have given the
subject Intelligent consideration.
"It is known that the Canal Commis
sion, of which Admiral Walker was presi
dent, never considered any proposition to
purchase the Panama canal property. The
commission had no authority to negotiate
for the purchase of a Panama canal. Ad
miral Walker simply Inquired of M. Hu
tln what he had to offer, so the commis
sion could report to Congress the facts
In the case. If it should become necessary
for this Government to open up negotia
tions for the possession of the Panama
omul property, the first step would be to
negotiate with the Colombian Govern
ment, the owner of the land, and next
with the French Government, to whom
the concession was grunted; It is absurd
tn discuss n proposition of jthe Panama
CaiiHl i'nmuany to sell out Its Interests
to this Government. It will have no effect
up"n the progress of pending measures tn
Coiigress, and unless I am very much mis
taken both houses of Congress will take
definite action in the direction of com
mencing work upon the canal before the
present session adjourns.
"Of course, there will be obstruction? of
various kinds thrown across the pathway
of the Nicaragua canal project, but I am
confident that President Roosevelt Is
deeply interested ln the construction of
the canal, and he will render valuable as
sistance to friends of the measure ln Con
gress, so that those persons who are spec
ulating on defeating the bill by procrasti
nation are apt to be disappointed when
the roll is called."
Carrier Pigeons Useless in War.
VALLEJO. Dec. 2L— Beginning on Janu
ary 1 the maintaining of a carrier plgecn
cote at the navy yard will be discontin
ued. ' After a thorough test It has been
declared a failure. It is found that, no
matter how well bred and well trained
the carrier may be, an unexpected shock
or a sharp report will staivt It into a flight
of terror. Therefore they are useless as
dispatch bearers.
FAVOR A PLAN
OF ARBITRATION
Pan- American Congress
Delegates Talk for
Harmony.
CITY OF MEXICO, Dec. 21.-The United
States > delegation to the international
American conference conferred to-day
with the Mexican delegation and to-night
the- delegates of the different countries
met and discussed the subject of associ
ation and as a result It Is believed that a
plan acceptable to the majority, if not all,
the delegates to the conference has been
reached. •
■ The projected convention provides that
contracting nations will oblige them
selves to, submit to arbitration all exist
ing and future controversies which can
not be settled diplomatically, provided
that ln the exclusive judgment of either
of the parties of the dispute the said
controversies do not> affect the national
honor nor Independence. Controversies
concerning diplomatic privileges, . boun
daries, rights of navigation and the valid
ity, interpretation and enforcement of
treaties shall not be considered as affect
ing national honor nor independence.
Under article 25 of The Hague conven
tion for the peaceful settlement of inter
national conflicts the contracting
parties agree to submit to the
decision of the permanent court of
arbitration established by said con
vention all controversies embraced un
der the ' proposed Pan- American conven
tion unless either party to the 'dispute
prefer that a special court be established
to try the case. In case it is agreed to
submit the case to The Hague court the
parties to the dispute agree to accept the
procedure and rules laid down by The
Hayue convention.
Comes Down From Ages.
NEW YORK, Dec. .21.— In speaking tc
nlght at the twenty-second annual dinner
of the New England Society in the city
of Brooklyn, Senator George F. Hoar of
Massachusetts, who was the guest of
honor, said: / - ;
There was a wireless telegraphy that came
down across the ages from the men of Mar
athon and • Thermopylae to the men of the
Mayflower, and came from the men of th«
Mayflower to the men of the revolution, and
came from the men of the revolution to our
splendid youth of 1861. It is not everywhere
on earth that the receiving stations of these
signals are to be found. Possibly there is a
spot in South Africa to-day where a race of
Dutch farmers have been able to. comprehend
the message. I trust there are some men still
left ln the United States who have ears to
hear. Possibly Asuinaldo may have cot a
little Intimation of it.
Rosebery Refrains From Politics.
LONDON, Dec. 21.— Those who antici
pated that Lord Rosebery would again
discuss national politics on the occasion
of the presentation to him of the free
dom of Swansea to-day were disappointed.
The Mayor ln his welcoming address did
his best to draw the former Premier out
by congratulating him upon the fact that
he had left the "lonely furrow," but his
Lordship confined himself to allusions to
municipal matters, especially dwelling on
the responsibility of taxpayers in controll
ing the expediture of city governments.
Revives Corte \ Idadera . Feud!
SAN RAFAEL,. Dec. 21.-The McCue-
Wilson feud at Corte Madera has again
broken out, and the courts will be ap
pealed to for about the twentieth time.
James S. McCue this afternoon swore out
a warrant before Justice of the Peace
Rodden of this city charging C. R. "Wilson
with malicious mischief, Involving the
tearing down of a fence that McCue had
erected across a disputed right of way in
that town. This building and .tearing
down has gone on for a long time past
and ha» engendered bitter feeling.
Cosmopolitan California illustrated in Christ
mas Wasp. » All types of citizens portrayed.
Send it to Eastern friends. 25 cents. •
Holiday Fun and Folly
■^^n. Too much of a good thing!
/fj[^*y&. s*-^^ That's what we are all lia-
(I / \JA&'S^ bIe to take during ahoIi "
/^^"^fefC^t^^C day season. .Healthy, jolly
P e °pl e w itt d° i£ anc * ma^ e
njnrb*^wA ' themselves sick. "In time
y^Av^'y^y of P eace P re P are for war »"
an k ave a bout the house a
!k^^^^\^^ —^ pleasant, perfect, palatable,
J|^.Y^^v__^^^^^ positive medicine for sour
stomach, sick headache,
V ■ *~ colic, winds, belching, bili-
ousness, furred tongue, lazy liver, constipation, bad-*
breath, bad taste, all liable to result from holiday over-f
indulgence. Cascarets Candy Cathartic is what you
want; a tablet after a big meal will prevent sickness, or
a tablet at night before going to bed, after a good time,
will fix you all right for morning, and let you get up
clear as a bell, ready for business or pleasure.
/J-.^ .4--. Best for the Bowel.. All dro«J«t., xoc, »3e, 5©«. ****** U™ * **"■;
|0U>CQftJLCwl3 The genuina tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed ta em* w you*
VWV **S» money back. Sample and booklet free. Address
* Sterling Remedy Company. Cnlcajo or New York. m
WATER SCALDS
THE WORKMEN
An Explosion of Boilers
Causes Injury in
Pittsburg.
PITTSBURG. Dec. 21.— In an explosion
at Sliigpr-Nimick's West End plant of the
Crucible Steel Company of America seven
persons were scalded, one was badly cut
and twenty or thirty others were slightly
burned.
At 6:53 o'clock two of a battery of five
boilers used to operate the sheet mill ex
ploded with terrific force. Scalding water
played over the workmen, who had just
started In for the day, while pieces of the
boilers caused great destruction to the
mill property.
Ihe injured at t^e hosp'.tals are: Charle3
Miller*, engineer, badly scalded about the
head, face and chest: William George,
aged 45 years, married, a roller, scalded
about head, face, arms and chest: Wil
liam Beed, roller, scalded about face, head
and shoulders; Ford Reed, scalded about
face and hands; ( William Sharp, scalded
about face and arms: John Brown, one of
the roll crew, scalded about face, head
and arms; Boyd Johnson, engineer, scald
ed about face and shoulders.
The cause of the explosion 13 attributed
to frozen pipes which supplie'd the two
boilers of the five with water. To-night
■William Rodd died from the effects of hla
injuries. Toby Johnson, the engineer, Is
ln a serious condition.
Slayer of Millspaugh Acquitted.
HELENA. Mont. Dec. 21.— C. P. Blom
berg, who killed W. S. Millspaugh, a Chi
cago mining millionaire, last October,
during a quarrel, was acquitted by a Jury
at Virginia City after it had been out but
twelve minutes. Blomberg had been em
ployed by Millspaugh, but disagreed over
some trivial affair. He met Millspaugh ln
the mountains, and considering the lat
ter's attitude threatening picked up a
stone and crushed his skull. The plea of
self-defense was sustained by the Jury.
'Millspaugh was formerly general solicitor
of the Southern Pacific and an Intimate
friend of the late C. P. Huntington.
Great reduction ln price oa Holiday Liquors
at Horwltz & Cohn't. 1716 Market, pbont South
684. Straight whlsk!e«, $2, $2 60, $3 gal. Port,
sherries, 75c. $1, $1 25 gal. Purity guaranteed. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Send Name and Address To-Day — You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
ENSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
yearTo^Lfferin^Tr^ 1^ 1 '' h>mSClf ■""^n It h.. complete* brace*
f u r. , , S 8<:xUlU weal «»e". lost me up. I am Just as Tlgoroua a* when a buy
\itanty. nlgnt losses, varlcocele, etc., and en- and v °u cannot realize how happy I am."
large small, weak organs to full size and vigor "Dear Sir— Your method worked beautifully.
Simply send your name and address tn r>r t ' Resu lfc> were exactly what I needed. Strength
W. Knapp. 1373 Hull building- n»tmif vi k f nd vtg:or hav8 completely returned and «n-
and he will cladly send the free rl^LVnt^K* lar * emer "t •> entirely satisfactory." m j
full directions so that any man mav^.?! lth >>Dear Sir-Tours was received and I had nmjf
himself, at home. This ?» emSlnW .^.i T CUre trollbl< ' ta makIn * U3e of the recelpt ** directe*4
erous offer, and the following^ «tr a ?t \ and can t™*" 0 "* ■»* " ia * b °°n to weait \
fo^o^nf^ecent 1 ?gftS2&
treatment a thoroueh 'test id* the benefit^ to ta?t It. WaDt ' "^ ""^
JURY AWARDS
HALF A MILLION
Large Mining Suit at
Council Bluffs Is
Decided.
COUNCIL. BLUFFS, Iowa, Dec ZL— The.
Jury ln the Doyle-Burns mining suit, ln
which James Doyle asks for a million
dollars In stock and dividends of the Port
land Mining Company, returned a verdict
late this afternoon awarding the plaia
tlfr J446.U22 73. Burns' attorneys at once
save notice of a motion for a new trial
and will argue it next Saturday. "If. a
new trial is not granted," said Senator
Patterson, "we will appeal the case to a
higher court."
The jury twice asked Judge Green for
further and renewed Instructions, and
also asked him to define two of ths ques
tions offered by the defendant.
The verdict decides that Burns and
Doyle entered into a contract February
2, 1892, by which each should share and
share alike In all claims they bad at that
time acquired or should ln the future ac
quire. It decided that the plaintiffs in
terests ln the Professor Grubbs and the
defendant's interests ln the Portland mlna
were not acquired under an agreement
made March 14. 1S92, and that Doyle made
his first demand for the stock ln contro
versy February 2. 1S0S. They decided that
the market value of the stock was 75
cents per share and that 45 cents ln divi
dends had been paid on ths Portland
when the demand was made.
The verdict declares Burns did not own
an Interest lu the Devil's Own claim when
It was transferred to> the Portland Min
ing Company. The verdict alao finds that
Burns owned an Interest ln the Tidal
Wave and that Doyle owned part of the
Bobtail No. 2 when th» transfer was
made.
The attorneys for Doyle say they will
do nothing until after the motion for a
new trial is heard. They say that they
will insist that a bond bo given, either in
case of appeal or a new trial, and that
It It Is not given they ■will petition for
the appointment of a receiver for the
Portland Gold Mining Company, as they
did when they secured a default of Judg
ment ln 1398.
Most of us would rather profit by the
mistakes of others.ADVXHTISEliEENTS.
as g I ;: i
* \
OR R ■ ♦"
Dalj twodays remain ?n wtte % . to 1
zmMi Holiday rorctaslng. If In I
doubt as to w at tD present wa |
suggest the following. |
fur stocks very complete la a!!, 1
the values the be t it !s pissibla to I
Si procure, an remember we only |
handle reliable, correct merchaaiise. I
! HANDKERCHIEFS. I
MEX'f LADIES' and CHIL- B
DREN-S PLAIN, EMBROIDERED tj
and INITIALED LINEN HAND- H
KERCHIEFS— tremendous range. m
Silk MuIjIcps and Reefrrs. B
ll Gloves. P
Only best brands of MEN'S. LA- B
DIES' acd CHILDREN'S GLOVES. B
SHAWLS. i |
Inexpensive WORSTED, CASH- S
M EKE a nd HOXEYCOMB 9
SHAWLS, from 75c. $1.OO. H
81 .115 upward. y
Beautiful high class SILK, BJ
CHUDDA and REAL INDIA g
SHAWLS— our direct importation, m
FANS. j|
Dainty, delicate and choice. jj|
| Eiderdown Sacques, B
Wrappers and Kimonos. I]
Eiderdown Comforters. w
In Silk, Satin and Sateen; with- Eg
out exception the most attractive
styles as well as best values on the
Pacific Ccast. J
BLANKETS. \
We control the production of one
of the best and largest mills on the
coast.
SILKS. I
A dress of our guaranteed black i
Peau de Sole, Taffeta or Satin is f
in elegant gift h
LACES, LACE HDKFS.. LACE 1
COLLARS. BERTHAS AND H
FICHUS. H
NECKWEAR. FEATHER BOAS E
AND RUCHES. tl
< PURSES. SATCHELS AND II
PORTFOLIOS. M
4 Swell Belts, Buckles and Jeweled K
Hose Supporters. u
Serviceable Hosiery— Silk Hose H
and Silk Vests. P
ALL ATTRACTIVE, USEFUL AND I
APPROPRIATE. J
0. Samuels
Lace House Oo.
WHOLESALE. RETAIL $
Kills a Japanese.
ROSEBURG, Or., Dec. 21.— Alfred H.
Hart last r.iglit shot and killed a Japan
ese named Tap?, who was boss of a
Southern Pacific section crew in "Wilbur.
Hart was in Tapp's house when the latter
es.me home and ordered him to leave. It ia
said that Tapp followed Hart home and
attempted to break into his house, and
Hart shot and killed him. Hart is under
arrest.
r^ e^nian^g Furniture I
The beauty and grace of the Colonial days; |
] The comfort and utility of our day, in our rockers. |
I (Jfl I \T 1~X\7C} M° re days till Christmas, 1
J but much can be done in 1
two days to make others happy. Over a hundred |
pair of willing hands here to help you to get - I
fOR HER FOR HIM I
\ Cushion Things Fur Rug I
Tabouret that Hat Rack I
Piano Rug ■ cost Chiffonier |
Gilt Chair uttie Book Case §
Parlor Desk and Office Chair 1
Music Cabinet please shaving Stand I
Dressing Table much Leather Couch I
\ "The Credit House." Six Stories High. r|
233*23 5"237 Bwl Goods Marked in Plain Ytw*d Private Exchanw ■
Post Street %J* — m— M nhi^ , , , 3 7 .. H
MASO'S FRIENDS
ARE INDIGNANT
They Will Refuse to Par
ticipate in Cuban
Elections.
Governor-General Wood's De
cision Ruffles ths
Politicians.
HAVANA, Dec. 21.— The supporters of
General Maso in his . candidacy for the
Presidency of the republic have decided
to take no part in the coming elections
fixed for December 31. All the candidates
of the party have withdrawn, and the
Maso members of the provincial boards
have been requested to resign. These
sieps were decided upon after the receipt
of a letter from Governor General Wood,
refusing to grant the party representation
on the Board of Scrutiny or an exten
sion of time in which to modify the vot
ing list.
At a meeting cf the party leaders a res
olution was adopted declaring that "the
Central poard is a coalition of partisans,
and that General Maso, after exhausting
every means to insure impartiality, recti
tude and justice at the coming elections,
has become convinced that neither in offi
cial circles in the United States nor in
Cuba does the" Intention exist to see that
the elections are carried out with suffi
cient legality to reflect the real wish of
the Cubans, who are desirous of inde
pendence and anxious to freely elect their
first constitutional Government." r i
It was voted to inform Secretary Root
of the decision arrived at and also to pub
lish a manifesto to the country. La Lu-
Cha applauds the withdrawal of the Maso
candidates, and says that without the
guarantees asked from Secretary Root
every one knows that the election will be
a falsification of the will of the majority.
"The Maso coalition," says La Lucha,
"should not lend themselves to the be
trayal of the public will, and should not
co-operate In a policy which tends to lay
the foundation of the republic on a gi
eantlc fraud."
Besides the so-called Conservatives with
him, Maso is said to have a strong follow
ing among the blacks in the country dis
tricts, and it is intimated in Havana that
this element may not take kindly to the
present condtion of things and may cause
trouble.
The Discusion. the Palma organ, as
serts that the withdrawal of Maso's sup
porters is due to the fact that they are a
hopeless minority and the candidates
have no chance of being- elected.. .
For Selling Official Seals.
BERLIN, Dec. 21.— A former Govern
ment employe named Voight was sen
tenced to three months' imprisonment to
day for selling official seals to a. journal
ist. Dr. Hamburger. Voight admitted
his guilt He had previously been arrest
ed In connection 1 with the premature dis
closure of the text of the tariff bill, but
the prosecution in that case broke down.
Evans to Assume Command.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Dec. 2L-Rear
Admiral Evans, who has just returned
from Tutuila, Samoa, made a short visit
to the Navy Department to-day. He ex
pects to remain in this city until the end
of February, when he will go to the East
to assume command of a division of the
Asiatic squadron. ' '
Senator Sewell Improving.
CAMDENi N. "J., Dec. 21.— At 11:30 to
night Senator Sewell was resting easily.
There was no ' perceptible change In his
condition since early in the day. His phy
sicians say there is no cause for alarm
unless the Senator should be attacked by
another sinking spell such as came over
him Thursday night.
SEW' YORK. Dec. 21.— Papers incorporating
the American Lumber Company, capital $8,-
OO0.OO0. were filed to-day with the County
Clerk of Eseex County, New Jersey.
THK SAN FBANCISCOCAL.L,, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1901.
CAUSES A FALL
IN CABLE STOCKS
Success of. the Wireless
Telegraphy Frightens
Stockholders.
Government of Canada Offers
Marconi Inducements fcr
His Experiments.
LONDON, Dec. 21.— The. fall in the se
curities of cable companies, which com
menced with the announcement of- the
success of Marconi's experiments in hav
ing signals transmitted across the ocean
by his wireless system of telegraphy, has
been continuous throughout the week.
Since December 14 , Anglo r American pre
ferred has dropped 7 points and ordinary
shares have dropped 4 points, while East
ern Telegraph was a close second with a
fall of 5% points.
Quite apart from the speculative bear
movement, there has been a real selling
of stock. The opposition of the Anglo-
American Company to Marconi's experi
ments appears to have increased the ap
prehensions of the shareholders of cable
companies as to the probability of serious
competition 'in the near future.
ST. JOHNS, N..F., Dec. 21.-Finance
Minister Fielding, of the Dominion Gov
ernment, telegraphed to Marconi
from Ottawa . to-day offering j, him,
In behalf of . the Canadian . Cab
inet, every . facility .for erecting
wireless telegraph stations on the Nova
Scotian seaboard, making him most en
couraging propositions, assuring him that
there is no obstacle in the way. of his car
rying out his experiments in- Canadian
territory and inviting him to Ottawa to
discuss the matter. In consequence of
this proposal, Marconi will leave -.St.
Johns for Ottawa to-morrow night. He
will meet at Montreal the capitalists who,
through Governor Boyle, have, offered
him financial support ; in his ventures.
Sues Breweries for Damages.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 21.— Bartholomew Je
ziorski, a- former employe of the Fred
ericksburg Brewery of this city, to-day
brought suit • against the San Francisco
Breweries, Limited, for $46,155 damages
sustained while in the employ of the com
pany. On October 8, 1901. Jeziorski and
another workman were at work in the
coollng-houee, to which additions were be
ing made, when the structure collapsed
and both 'men were burled in the ruins.
The plaintiff was badly injured, and since
then his limbs have become paralyzed.
Handles an "Unloaded." Pistol.
MODESTO, Dec. 21.-J. H. Eslick acci
dentally and fatally wounded Bert Balch
last night. Eslick was explaining the
workings of a pistol .which was believed
to be unloaded. It was discharged. Tim
bullet grazed Eslick's hand and entered
the abdomen of Balch. He died to-night.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
John C. Noble.
PADUCAH, Ky., Dec. 21.— Colonel John
C. Noble, known as the Nestor of Ken
tucky Journalism, • died to-day from old
age. He celebrated his eighty-fourth
birthday December 2 and the sixty-second
anniversary of his marriage •• the " 3d of
this nionth. He served in the Mexican
and -civil wars and published tlieTPaducah
Herald, one of the first papers here, half
a centur\\ago. ' . '.-. •
Robert Greer.
PALO ALTO, Dec. 2L— Robert Greer
died at his home here yesterday after a
long illness. He was born in San Mateo
County at the little village of Wobdside,
in 1852, and resided in that county almost
continuously until a few years ago, when
he moved to Palo Alto. Mr. Greer was
related to the Copplngera, who at one
time owned thousands of acres of land
in San Mateo County.
Colonel Josiab. Hinton.
LONDON, Dec.^21.— Colonel Josiah Hin
ton, the well-known co-worker with John
Brown, who served In the Union army,
1861-65, and later edited various news
papers in Washington, New York and San
Francisco, died in London Friday. He was
born in London in 1S30.
EXTENT OF STATE.
Some Idea of Vastness of Domain
Tributary to Golden Gate.
California occupies on the Pacific Slope
a belt of land about two hundred miles
wide, extending In latitude from near the
southern line of South Carolina to the
southern line of Massachusetts. To make
up its area from corresponding Atlantic
States there must be added to Connecti
cut, Rhode Island, New Jersey, Delaware,
Maryland, Virginia, North and South Car
olina, about 40,000 square miles from New
York and Pennsylvania. Laid off in the
Mississippi Valley, on the western shore
of the river, it takes a small strip from
Louisiana and embraces the whole of
Arkansas, Missouri and Iowa. In the
great San Joaquln Valley there is abund
ant room for New Hampshire, Vermont,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecti
cut and the half of Maine. It is only by
such comparisons as these that the size
of the State and its peculiar advantages
of location can be. appreciated, and it Is
only by considering. these and its climatic
features that any correct judgment can be
formed of its possible or probable future.
When Its fertile hills and broad valleys
shall teem with a population as dense as
that on the Eastern coast, and when its
millions of acres of arable land shall be
brought under culture, occupied by an in
telligent, industrious, thrifty people, it
must become one of the greatest factors
in this our great sisterhood of States.
CALIFORNIA'S CLIMATE.
The Climatic conditions of California,
when closely considered, upset completely
all preconceived notions of the relations
between latitude and temperature. The
latitude of San Diego, the southern city
of the State, is about that of Charleston,
S. C, while Los Angeles lies a little
farther south than Memphis, Tenn.- The
northern line of California is on nearly
the same parallel with Boston, Mass.
From these facts it might be thought
that, although Southern California has a
sub-tropical climate, adapted to the
growth of the palm and of citrus fruits
the northern part of the State must have
the rigorous winters- of the North Atlantio
States or of Iowa or Nebraska on the
upper Mississippi. This is, however, very
far from being the case. .
Four hundred miles north of L03 Ange
les, and five hundred north of San Diego
the summers are warmer and the winters
not much more severe than In these cities
In many of the northern valleys the palm'
fig and olive find a congenial home, while
the orange and lemon reach their perfec
tion, ripenlngr from four to • six weeks
earlier than In the southern counties
By a careful study of tha topography of
the State and a knowledge of oceanic cur
rents, this apparent • anomaly may bo
rationally explained. The Japan. current
with its warm accompanying winds flows
up against almost tho entire coast of the
State, coming from the southwest. Wher
ever there is a breaking down of the
Coast range, which must occur wherever
the larger rivers rench the ocean, the
warm winds contlnuo their, course Inland
Passing in a.northeosterly direction thoy
nre turned north or northwest by tho
Sierra rango. This forces the Isothermal
lines far north, so' that the summer Iso
thorm takos the form of an inverted capi
tal letter U. ' • . ' " '■>■' .';'~— "i m...... .
Our .German-Americans— See . their ' pictures
in Christmas Wasp. Cosmopolitan- California
illustrated. Send to foreign friends.-: 25o. " •
WIFE LEAVES
TRUANT SPOUSE
Mrs. Mabel Johnson of
New York Obtaics
a Dxvorce;
Husband Recently Figured
in a Sensational
Escapade.
Snecial Disr>atch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— Mrs. Mabel Van
Rensselaer Johnson, prominent in the ex
clusive social circles of New York, has
been granted a divorce from her hus
band, the Rev. James Le Baron Johnson,
who eloped with Miss , Mary'. Hoffman,
daughter of Southard j Hoffman' of San
Francisco. The case has been . conducted
with great secrecy, all parties to the suit
desiring to avoid publicity.* "'■
It was learned by The Call correspond
ent to-day that a referee was appointed,
and he has for several weeks -been tak
ing testimony. The lawyers interested in
the case refuse to confirm or deny the
fact of a divorce decree signed by Judge
Scott ,of the State Supreme Court, but
there is no doubt that such a decree has
been signed, j For several months there
have'been rumors of divorce proceedings,
but no confirmation of definite 'action
could be obtained until to-day. It is un
derstood that w,hen the papers were
served on the Rev. Mr. Johnson he en
tered a denial of the charges, made and
Charles W. West was appointed referee.
His Teport. that Mrs. Johnson's charges
against her husband were substantiated
by testimony was ■ confirmed by Judge
Scott and all- the testimony was ordered
sealed. Thus Miss Hoffman's name was
not disclosed. ; -. - .• -
• James C. - Carter, represented Mrs.
Johnson and the husband was defended
by William C. Cammann. . The : where
abouts of Johnson and Miss Hoffman Is
not known, or if known will not be di
vulged. After their 'departure for Europe
and the -stories of their conduct aboard
an Atlantic steamship -came a rumor from
Italy to the' effect that- they had quar
reled snd separated^ Later came a rumor
from- San Francisco, that they had been
married.' This rumor . of marriage was
shown to be premature at least, for at
this time there had been no divorce pro
ceedings Instituted by Mrs. Johnson.
WOMAN'S DEATH DVE
TO A PECT7LIAR CAUSE
Patient Buptures Her Oesophagus
During an Attac of Acute
' •■ Nausea. . •
LOS ANGELES, Dec.-21.-The death of
Jeanette Phillips In the: Good Samaritan
Hospital on Thursday as a result of rup
ture of the. oesophagus brings to light
one of the most remarkable fatalities
known to medical science. .The primary,
though indirect, cause of death was acute
and prolonged nausea, following the ad
ministration of an anesthetic prior to an
operation performed last Sunday The
next day her physical condition was good,
but later she began to vomit and tank
steadily until the time of her death, re
fusing all food and continuing to suffer
violent contractions of the stomach. An
autopsy showed that the oesophagus had
been ruptured just above the diaphragm,
allowing foreign matter from theVstom
ach to flow into the. left pleural cavity
when "forced up by cbnfraction. . . This
caused congestion of the left lung and
the absorption of foreign matter into the
circulatory system, which is believed to
have caused blood poisoning.
"I have, never before heard of a case
where death ensued' under such circum-'
stances," s*aid the attending physician to
day. "The oesophagus may be ruptured
by aneurism, malignant disease, the de
structive action of mineral acids or by
the swallowing of a fish bone, but a rup
ture due to vomiting, I believe, is unpre
cedented." . • ' - • ■ •
Miss Phillips came to Los Angeles from
Denver early this year. Her father was
superintendent of the White Breast Coal
and Fuel Company of Ottumwa, low*. It
is said that Miss Phillips was married in
Denver before coming to this city and
that marital troubles caused a separation.
MORTENSEN IS HELD
ON SUSPICION OP MT7BDES
Evidence That He Is the Assassin of
Secretary Hay of the Pacific
Lumber Company.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Dec. 21.— Although
no formal complaint has yet been Issued
charging Peter Mortensen, the contractor,
with the murder of James R. Hay, secre
tary of the Pacific Lumber Company,
whose body was found buried in a shallow
grave In the southern outskirts of this city
Wednesday morning,, the police are be
coming more , and more convinced that
Mortensen, even if he did not commit the
crime himself, was connected with it in
some manner.. Mortensen was arrested
Wednesday, and since that time has been
kept a close prisoner in the City Jail. He
has steadily maintained his innocence and
denies all knowledge of the murder. *
On the day of his arrest the police made
a thorough examination of Mortensen's
house for the purpose of securing Incrim
inating evidence. Hidden behind a book
case, they found what they claimed, at
the time was an old-fashioned revolver.
Two chambers were empty. To-day it de
veloped that the pistol is a modern weap
on and that its. caliber practically corre
sponds with the bullet found in the dead
man's head.
Nothing has yet been found of the miss-
Ing $3800 in gold which Mortensen claims
he paid oven.to Hay on Monday night for
the purposes of canceling his indebtedness
to the lumber company.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Paekag-e Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write." It is a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
any form of- sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
ccle or emaciation of parts can now euro
themselves at home. ,
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems. to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func^
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to tho State Medical
Institute. 323 Elektron building, Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied, with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who. are unable to leave home to be
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy it is to bo cured of
sexual weakness. when the «propcr reme-
dies are employed. ,Tho Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent ft free sample, carefully scaled in
a plain package, so that its recipient noed
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
.without delay.
' ■/■-.;.■/ ...:... ...'.::•:.- .ADVERTISEMENTS.
|g|||Ss^ 'Sterling Furnitur^ -^^^M.
Wff-- v-Uo^lJ— \j * A Splendid Couch for $17.50.
iQ rl^l PnfichrH U'nnH s»»i A couch that in appearance and construction ; 1\ .y/
I \)jf. \ '■'■'■■■■'■:■■■ ■ ~ fQinnza wooa .ea. will suit particular people. This couch has a MR M//\
rAra/f/i/ j Rnmnn Ch?tip CA 75 handsomely scrolled wood base of Polished Oak |\>| /AS
ViA'/ ...-IVUUUU1 V11CUI, 4V.4J. or Mahogany finish. It has more than the usual \\HWjrlll
Wi/^/--.- ; Tour choice of woods. Gold- complement of springs. The coverings , are of 1\ WW
IwJlSffl '■■■'■' "■'-■' en Oak, Weathered Oak or velour with broad raised stripes ".'running 1 \l w I
' I^SnTY •"- - ' Mahoganized Birch. through it: solid colors— deep greens, .reds, # K |/J|i
-■ •■! A^Ty I . -ACCEPTABLE AT CHRIST- blues and maroons. WILL. BE APPRECIAT- f\ Va\ /
; \,W( nK1B1 • ED FOR A DOZEN CHRISTMASES TO vLwVI
: iY,)}}. z ' ■ ' ' _q. .COME. •IWI'tW
flT ~" lM J i i Handsome Table, $16.50. \?vil>
f/a I ! I, . / REAL MAHOGANY or the rich- ft\ /£ S¥\_ «t>^ VI 'ilf/
Ky " ' ■ 1 • ■!, '■ ■ •' est quarter sawed Oak. The top i«« khs/vt k^TrrTCJuivr^D-i J V Xlr
I'.-.. yJi rz r '~"~~7 4\ 20 inches across and the beauti£ui- nVy i [ 4.js\i
Iff HI i//l ly fluted column on which. it rests fWr V x^w R • '
U •• U HI is 9 inches in diameter. A table V>\ R X'^^^ \f
\ : l w that would draw your attention V shmk , )k
n I among a thousand for its massive-. . >2«M)
I |/ ness and richness. , ' ' .
o_ . — : o °- .- - ■ . T" ~° a New Saddle Scat BocKer,
Music Cabinet, $14. /ii&\ '» (A 50
* . Made of Polished Ma- , ' /f / Ww8\ tpfr«3U»
befutKuify c«^d "oanrt : // ''M\ A mtle out of the ordinary
utduuiuiiy curvea panel . . <m I < iW\ i rs >p-ui r,t entnHioo th.»
reaches the length of the I l fflB\ back has threl broad' tot w .
r rJLVL UOOr, CuDlnet IS *1O it ////Ell hnnr.icfoiv nrnrtUv on rr-r n- JjJWv^CV
■/ffhv wld h e e - S bI ?he Vevekd Hi' ■ ' Mf- ed. Arms 'are cufved more WlV
4\|v W ;»^h ToVJi rr,tvr^. /i ! /I'M li than usual. A remarkably iVutS'
l\W 10x14 ta?he 3 'The she? " / %M ' handsome and stylish look- AVHi
1KV\ a £ e FS4LVuS / li OC a k b e out f< 25 ofihe^O ,f^S
mk\) S U Sltl?b!S«t? efUlIlfiM - / : /M\ Merry Christmas. JM^)
llimshn NO disappoint- / \ •f / f/l\ ° d IJw
VA'Wtkl MENTS IN OUR J l_ \ ,IilW /T*^* ' /'J3CW»\
dwiffiM CHRISTMAS DELIV- f* J3»\\ IJ^~r^ S?
ijPlVv 1 ' Dressinfi Table. IT-'* J p£/. ' \
WhM n Q In Birdieye Maple . . . : $38 Dsinty. Uphol tercd {wi£U\
?iW Card Table, $2.50. T he beautlful French plate Reman Chair, >7.7^. 1$%
; //IS li FlffmUh rink mirror is 36 inches in height Made of polished Mahoj?- J ,- ["*
i nemisn ubr. and 18 inches wide— unusual- anized Birch. Has hand- ft V
Vv iKL* It folds up and out of tha ly large. Handy arrange- somely curved arm3 and fk.' > \
«i'Vl way. Long evenings — Christ- ment of drawers — two on legs, a maze of scroll -work * iWlk A»
n ffa a mas— new games to play. each side, deep and commo- forms the back. The seats fTMX A
wvffV Don't forget the table! The dious. . ' ■. are upholstered in pretty rjfl \
rrm\i '••■ top is 22x28 inches (generous If you run short of. money allk goods, your choice of - vM\ X
• : -W/B^ .size) and some of them have in your Christmas buying, colors. r rfi \
■sZ/i8)Ip$ - : - a checker board inlaid in the remember you're welcome to A GIFT TO FAMILT HAP- .1 /./ \i
'■rdSWPi top< credit. PINESS. / \l
flnJwi.' O— ; — ~ — o o : o o ' - ' — ■ — o r% %
»^ Sterling Furniture Company jM
Wm3i^ im M^kct Street, ' ' \~J^M$t-
W^^^^^^^- Opposite McAllister Street. ' <^^fe*'^S^X/^^
SEES FLEISHMAN
IN MEXICO CITY
Former Los Angeleno
Sends News of the
Absconder.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
; LOS ANGELES, Dec. 21.— D. W. Kirk
land, president of the Owl Drug Company
in .this city, has received a letter from a
personal friend in the City of Mexico giv
ing the latest news of Henry J. Fleish
man, the absconding cashier of the Farm-'
ers 1 and Merchants' Bank. Mr. Kirk
land's friend, writing under date of
Wednesday, December 11, says:
"I. was surprised to see Henry Fleish
man here to-day."
Mr. Kirkland's correspondent, whose
identity he refuses to disclose but who
apparently had been formerly a resident
of Los Angeles, knew nothing at the time
of writing of Fleishman's defalcation. The
last seen of Fleishman before Kirkland's
correspondent saw him . was at a- point
forty miles south of Zacatecas early 'jn
the previous Tuesday morning, when D.
W. Shanks of Los Angeles unexpectedly
encountered him as the northbpund train
was passing that on which the absconding
cashier was traveling southward.
Francis S. Brown.
FORT MONROE, Va., Dec. 21.— Captain
Francis S. Brown, U. S. N., retired, died
Friday night of apoplexy. He was 60
years old.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. .
Twelve Years of
;: Awful PUe Pain.
. A. B. Aurlnger, Braidwood, 111., says:
"After suffering untold agony for over
twelve years from both forms of piles, and
trylnsr. all sorts of pile remedies without
relief, I am completely cured by Pyramid
Pile Cure." Sold by all druggists, 60o a
box. Book, "Piles, Causes and Cure,"
mailed free. Pyramid Drug Company,
Marshall, Mich. " . ;.
KILLS GRIZZLY
AND HER CUBS
Ventura County Hunter
Brings in a Trio
of Bears.
Special Dlscatch to The Coll.
VENTURA, Dec. 21.— United States Sur
veyor Stoner arrived here to-day and told
a" rare story regarding the killing of an
enormous grizzly bear and her two cubs.
Bert Cooper, a hunter of local fame, was
the hero of the hunt. A' corps of Govern
ment surveyors is now at work in the
mountains back of Nordhoff. Cooper is
cooking for the party. Last Thursday he
was riding leisurely along the trail when
suddenly he encountered the three griz
zlies, all alert on their hind legs. The
trio were only thirty feet away. Cooper
jumped to the ground and tied his horse
to a nearby tree. He had only eight
cartridges in his rifle. The moment the
mother bear sighted Cooper she made a
rush for him. Cooper sent a bullet crash
ing through her head, following this shot
up with two others, which satisfied him
of her death.
The cubs yearned to decamp, but the
cook could not overlook the chance to ob
tain some tender bear steaks. By the time
he had killed one of them the other had
made a good start, and Cooper had ex
hausted his supply of cartridges. Nothing
daunted, he started after the cub. His
rifle was broken over the cub's head with
out effect. Then Cooper drew his knife
and slashed at the animal's throat. Soon
the last of the bear trio lay at his fe^t.
The female bear weighed more than 1000
pounds, while the cubs weighed 403 pounds
each. ?<;■. '.
Protest Against London Vice.
LONDON, Dec. 22.— The hopeless an
swer of Home Secretary Ritchie to the
deputation from the Westminster Council
protesting against the flagrant immorality
witnessed in the streets of London has
given zest to the press and religious cam
paign having for its object the remedying:
of tha present conditions. It is maintained
that the scenes witnessed in Piccadilly
and other well known streets are worse
now than at any time in the history of
the metropolis. .
Boston Boxer Loses.
LONDON, Dec. 21. — "Sandy" Ferguson
of Boston Buffered an unexpected defeat
at the hands of Ben Taylor of Woolwich in
an exciting five-round fight at Woolwich
to-night. Ferguson was fourteen pounds
heavier and four Inches taller than his
rival, but tho latter succeeded in prevent
ing: many of the Bostonlan's heavy rushes
and was in much the better condition at
the end of each round. There was a fierce
finish, but Ferguson, who led wildly, lost
the decision. ,
FRIEND, Neb., Dee. 21.— Mlsa 'Wllla Bur
ger, a teacher tn the publlo schools, was seri
ously burned here as a result of a celluloid
side comb In her hair Igniting. Tha young
woman was standing near a red-hot atove.
.Nearly all th« hair was burned from her head.
THROH TOUR TRUSS AV^Ii
CURED^mi
BY FIDELITY METHOD. ffpfif 11
We Cnre— Posltlre— Per- WfiBrHk On
mcnent-«nd Gnarantee WHnw«(7B
for Life. We mean what wa EMftS&'&^SsS/
say. We can euro jou. 12.00© frSSk£X^7r
cures in last 1 jean. Wo cure ta yS|3«Svs£&
60 days without pain or loss of NBHH
time. Successful oa men. women t*Sftw*%\
*nd children. , No chaace for KraffSu[9
No'paYUNTILCUREdIsM® rf 4
Testimonials at our office or beB Bn 5 a
references tarnished on applies* HBB DM a 3
tion. All patients must corns to BfJH BH aC
this offico for profestionil attcs- 1C9 *JI 5*
TIDELITT RUPTC33 CUBI, Mm Sft
Enitt t, 5 aad 6, 2854 Kaaray et. *£*•' H»f
| Repairs broken glasses, j
! Lenses duplicated for 50 i
! cents—if astigmatic ]
: $1.00 or $i.fo.
642^Market SrJ
I visit DR. JORDAN'S great*)
I MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
I Q) 135iaA3S27:X.la:.6:is;ii,S.?.W. >
Cf| The LarzsstAnatomical Museuip in tho \
I m^Vrrvu y° rld - Weaknesses or any contracted d
A PSSN * lea «. * - " lllTel J" : «'"^ by the oldest f
O l£sl Specialist oa the Coa«. Est. 36 years, <Q
4 fl^^l DR * J 0RDAN-OISEASES OF MEN A
\ 1^Sm9S Consultation frse »nd sOlctly prirats. \
0 I ATtt U T ' Mln >e ! " personally or by litter. A M
\ 8 W II H '***"••• e*tr«ia«Tery cast undertaken. \
API 110 '' Writs for Book. PBILO1OPBY of A
"II II * lannMCE, uaiuu> frss. (jlT
A (i 11 valuable book for am) \
r DU. Jt)BD.4.\ dfc CO.. 1051 Market St. S. S>. V
'l »% <v <^» <^ a
$1000 Reward
IF WE FAIX. TO DO A3 WE AGREE. 8PE-
clallsts for men. As many physicians and
Others have Inquired regarding our ORIGINAL
NEW METHOD of treatment for all troubles.
we have decided t6 demonstrate by sending to
all who may desire A FREE TRIAI* TREAT-
MENT UNTIL. JANUARY 1ST. State caa«
plainly and receive plain package by maul.
DR. WILLIAMS A CO.. 140 Geary St.
B ad way's
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause*
perfect digestion, complete* absorption and
healthful regularity. .
For tho our* of all disorders of thn Stomach
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys. Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities. Sick- Headache. Biliousness, Con-
stipation. Piles and all derangements of th»
Internal Viscera. 23c a box. At Druggists, or
by mall RADWAT A CO.. New York.
4)
3132
ADVERTISEMENTS. : -_ _-_ _"■'■'_
*yd
. $ ,., j
MADE DOUBLY SO TO THE
BY RAPHAEL'S, INC.
FREE WITH THEIR
CHRISTMAS SUIT
FREE WITH THEIR
CfiDISTMAS OVERCOAT
gM■:-:■■>^■^;■a'^■■^■^ii■^l'^'^a'^■iI"^■^■^'l■:"i■■l■■H■■^■i■■^■^■:■■^■^i■^'^^^■^'^'l^^'I"^■:■^
J N our picture below we show uou the
1 Smartest . Winter Fashions. TOYS
FREE WITH THEM, but high class
Tons onlg.
\ FETCHING FASHIONS^ /
1 In Gowns, Robes, Smoking Jackets and all /
I those fine little trinkets that men like— I
I A STORE FULL OF 'EM. \
I OPEN EVENINGS. \
j EAFHAEUSinc
\ V A// cor. Kcarny 5tr»eet £/ tjdLr m
% "trO Union Square Avenue* /
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1901.
DANIELS' SLAYER
IS SENTENCED
Mrs. Catherine Coarum
to Serve Ten Years
in State Prison.
"
Tells Judge That Women Are
. Punished While Men !
Go Free.
"It is the Judgment of this court, Cath
erine Coarum, that you be confined in the
State Prison at San Quentln for the term
of ten years."
Thus spoke Judge Dunne yesterday to
the slayer of Charles Daniels. The
woman uttered not a word but her looks
spoke volumes. Before she stood up to
receive her sentence she had said her
say. She listened to the words of the
court like a stoic.
Mrs. Coarum killed a watchman named
Charles Daniels at her home, 1133^6 Clay
Etreet, on, April 9, last. She shot him
three times and the crime was discovered
by.'a policeman to whom the neighbors of
the woman reported that at the home of
Mrs. Coarum sounds of hysterical sob
bing could be heard. The officer entered
the house and found Mrs. Coarum, who
is the white wife of a colored cook on a
vessel, moaning and bewailing her crime.
In , the cellar the policeman found Dan
iels' body, propped up against a dirt bufk
head. > ■
Mrs. Coarum was arrested and charged
with murder. She pleaded self-defense
and the Jury convicted •• her of. man
slaughter.
When Bha appeared for sentence yester
day she was very much- excited and
asked the court for permission to say a
few words.- - - - -
Judge : Dunne . gave her permission to
talk, and she said:
"I had to ' do what I did to that man.
I: was driven' to it and had to defend my
self and my home. I never troubled that
man at all and would not have hurt him
if he had let me alone. He had been
running around my home, Judge, month
after month, and that night he got me
down on the ' stairs and held me down
and threatened to cut my throat with the
razor. What could I do? What would
any woman have done in a place like
that? I had to do what I did. If I had
not don© . It, my husband would have
come home and found me murdered.
"Strong men arm themselves and go
out and look for their victims and shoot
them down dead — shoot them in cold
blood— and the law lets them off; but I,
a poor, helpless woman, compelled to act
In .defense of my home and my life, am
convicted. Where is the Justice of that?
It isn't right, Judge. That man would
have killed me if I had not done what I
did."
Mrs. Coarum, after finishing her speech,
sank back Into her chair and gazed
straight at the Judge.
See Ho Mon, a Chinaman convicted of
manslaughter, was sentenced by Judge
Dunne to servo nine years In State. Prison.
The Celestial and the woman were
taken from the courtroom together.
Mrs. Coarum shot a last glance at the
Judge and said:
"Humph! This Is a pretty country—
a white woman gets ten years for man
slaughter and a Chinaman gets nine."
SOME RECORD CUTS.
Big Inducements Are Made to Pur
chasers for Xmas. '
The deep cuts. In the ■'[ prices of books
have afforded opportunities for buyers.
Many of the leading books are offered by
Cooper's, on Market street, much below
the regular prices and some below their
actual Eastern cost. Nothing can make
more appropriate holiday gifts, and our
readers should take advantage of It. •
EECOMMEND TEACHEBS
FOR CERTIFICATES
Board of Examination Grants Perma
nent Credentials to a Number
of Pedagogues.
The City Board of Examination met
yesterday and recommended to the Board
of Education that the following named
teachers be granted certificates:
Permanent special high school French cer
tificate — Mm*. E. C. Glfford.
Grammar school life diplomas — Miss Louise
McElroy, Miss Annie Tiling, Mrs. Laura Mac
dermott, Misses Annette M. Levy, M. J. Mc-
Connell. Effle Smith, Emily Hartrlck. Emma
J. Onyan, C. M. Barron and Eva Faneweather.
. Grammar school — Mrs. Myrtle Lathrop, Miss,
es Rose Eanden O. L>. Kohlmuos and M. W.
White.
High school renewal — William A. Leggett
Grammar school renewals — Miss A. L. Chase,
Mrs. S. E. Rother and Miss V. V. Deal.
Permanent high school — James H. Simmons,
Frank Martin and M. E. Blanchard.
Permanent grammar school — Mrs. Laura B.
Lake, Mrs. Alice F. HoJden.
Corset Specials for This Week.
Sapphire corsets, $2.50; Royal Worcester
corset, black, $1.25 quality, 65c. All cor
sets fitted. Chester F. Wright, 6 Geary
it., cor. Kearny, first floor upstairs. •
To Represent Xrick Observatory.
Director W. W. Campbell of the Lrick
Observatory left for the East last night
to represent the observatory at the Wash
ington meeting of the Asronomlcal and
Astrophyslcal Society of America, which
holds its sessions in that city during the
holidays. The observatory Is making an
extensive exhibit of about 100 of Its best
photographs of celestial objects and the
members of the staff of the observatory
have sent twelve papers on astronomical
subjects to be read before the society.
I Would Advise the Public
Not to purchase their diamonds before
.seeing my magnificent collection. A. An
drews' Diamond Palace, 221 Montgomery.*
J. Eherrie Matthews Sued.
R. H. Warfleld, proprietor of the Cali
fornia Hotel, has sued J. Sherrle
Matthews, the vaudeville actor, and N.
Payne to recover $73 50. The complaint
•alleges that Payne became indebted for
board and lodging to Warfield, who held
a Hen on Payne's baggage for the amount
due. Matthews agreed In writing that if
the baggage was delivered to Payne he
would pay the bill 'If Payne did not. "War
field thereupon surrendered the baggage,
but the bill has not been paid.
Stories by world-famed authors like Robert
Barr and John Strange Winter in the Christ
mas Wasp. •
Board Awards Contracts.
The Board of Public JWbrks yesterday
awarded the contract build a steel
water tank at the Almshouse to the
Brode & Clark Iron Works for $3140. This
firm was the lowest bidder. The highest
bid was $4450. The Union Paving and
Contracting Company received the con
| tracts to repave Bush street from San
some to Battery and Post street, between
Hyde and Leavenworth, and Flynn &
Treacy got the contract to repave Fourth
street, between Harrison and Bryant.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neur&lsla.
Druggists, toe flask. Richard & Co. 408 Clay. •
Pilgrim Sunday-School.
To-morrow ' night the Pilgrim Sunday
school of the First Unitarian ' Church,
which was organized in 1853, will hold a
Christmas festival in the parlor of the
church, on which occasion an appropriate
programme will be presented.
Rionhart's Flaxseed Balsam
Will cure your cough. 60 centi at all druggists.
EMPLOYES TALK
OF PROMOTIONS
Colonel Gray Likely to
Be New, Wells-Pargo
President.
Directors Probably Will Not
Meet Until Late in
the Week.
Although the directors of the Wella-
Fargo Company probably •will not meet
until late In the week to decide upon a
successor to the late president, John J.
Valentine, there is already much specula
tion as to what their action will be. It Is
generally expected that Colonel George E.
Gray, first vice president, will be pro
moted to the presidency, but as to other
changes there are radical differences of
opinions. «
In the Wells-Fargo offices the general
supposition is that there will be promo
tions all along the line. The employes
mostly believe that a local man, probably
a department manager, will be advanced
to the first vice presidency, and that in
consequence numerous promotions will
fall to the lot of the men In the depart
ment so fortunate as to have Its manager
honored with promotion.
Men who have studied the condition of
the directorate do not agree with the pre
dictions of the men In the offices. They
say'that Colonel Gray very probably will
be advanced to the presidency, and that
the second vice president, Colonel Dudley
Evans, also the New York manager, prob
ably will bo made first vice president. The
second vice president must be chosen
from the members of the board of dl
rectors, and the man most likely, to be
chosen Is Homer S. King, manager of the
Wells, Fargo & Co. Bank.
Of 'the eight surviving members of the
board of directors six are In San Fran
cisco at present. They are Colonel Georga
B. Gray, Homer S. King, Captain John
Bermingham, Captain Oliver Eldridge,
Andrew Christeson, manager of the Pa
cific department, and Colonel Dudley
Evans, who, though the New York man
ager, is at present in this city. The other
two members, H. E. Huntington and John
J. McCook, are both in the East.
A successor to John J. Valentine on ths
board of directors will be chosen before
the vacancy in the office is filled. The
president and vice presidents must all be
members of the board of directors.
It is possible that if Colonel Evans be
made 'first vice president a new manager
for the New York office may be chosen,
and in that case numerous local promo
tions will follow.
> Colonel Gray, who seems likely to be
made president, has been with the com
pany for twenty years, and for nearly ten
years he has been first vice president.
During the past year, since the beginning
of President Valentine's illness, he has
been acting president. He is one of the
best known and most highly respected of
San Francisco business men, and his pro
motion will give general satisfaction.
CORONA LITERACY CLTJB
DEBATES ON CHARACTER
The Madonna in Axt and Collection of
Madonnas a Feature of Next
Meeting.
At the last session of the Corona Liter
ary Club of the Mission there was an in
teresting debate upon the subject "thai
heredity is more influential than envi
ronment on the moral and Intellectual
character of man."- Miss Partridge and
Miss Cole spoke In the affirmative, and
Mrs. Frank Dalton and Mrs. Grace Part
ridge Hays in the negative. The debate
gave rise to a spirited discussion, In which
many of the ladies took part. Two votes
were taken,; on the debate itself and the
question, both resulting in a close victory
for the affirmative side.
This was one of a series of debates that
the club has arranged for the winter.
Mrs. A. L. Barry is conducting a series
of parliamentary drills with much ability
and gjiccess. At the next meeting a loan
collection of Madonnas will be exhibited,
and Mrs. George Hanson will read a paper
on the Madonnas in art. Mrs. L. R. Tut
tle will present a paper on the architec
ture of the renaissance.
A "Unique Gift.
A Government bond is supposed to be
about as good a thing as you can give
for a Christmas remembrance. Here is
something, however, quite as good as a
Government bond, and it does not cost so
much money. It is a most unique idea for
a gift, yet most practical, and solves the
problem of what to give in a most satis
factory manner.
A pair of fins shoes or a dainty pair of
slippers is a gift acceptable to all. Yet
it Is impossible to make this gift ordinar
ily, without giving away the secret. One
must know the size and other necessary
details. But the Sorosis shoe people have
solved the problem. They are issuing a
certificate which you can send in lieu of
the gift, and the happy recipient can go
and pick out her own shoes or slippers.
This certificate is good in any part of the
country where there is a Sorosis store. So
If you want to send such a gift to any one
you can purchase the certificate here at
their store, The Royal, 50 Third street,
slip It Into a letter, and the shoes will be
forthcoming at the other end when it is
presented.
It is an Ideal method to secure an ideal
gift, for the Sorosis shoe is a favorite
with well dressed women from the At
lantic to the Pacific. Its merits are so
well known they need no telllngj and few
gifts would be more acceptable. -
Boys Play the Deafmute Role.
James Harrison and John Morrison,
boys of 16 and 17 years, respectively, ap
peared before Judge Fritz yesterday on
a charge of begging. They were arrested
at Fifth and Market streets Friday night,
as they had been annoying people there
for some nights soliciting money with the
aid of cards on which were printed the
story that they were "deaf mutes." Both
could hear and talk as well as the gen
eral run of boys, and they told the Judge
they had arrived from Portland recently
and hit upon the scheme of soliciting
money with the printed cards. The Judge
sent them to the Boys' and Girls' Aid So
ciety. . :
IT. S. Civil Service Examination.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that on January 21, 22
and 23, 1902, an examination will be held
at various places throughout the United
States for the position of marine draughts
man in the lighthouse service. Persons
who desire to compete should at once ap
ply either to the secretary of the local
Board of Examiners at the postofflce or
to the United States Civil Service Com
mission, Washington, D. C, for applica
tion forms 304 and 375, which, should be
properly executed and filed with the com
mission prior to the hour of closing busi
ness on January 1L
No Foul Play Shown.
/ A verdict of accidental death was re
turned by a Coroner's Jury yesterday in
the case of Conrad Kemp, the Santa Bar
bara quarryman, who fell from the third
story window of the Mint House, 933 Mis
sion street>at midnight last Wednesday.
No evidence g was Introduced tending { to
show that the fall was other than an ac
cident.
Once Upon a Tims
It -was Impossible to get ale without sediment.'
Now, however, with EVANS' new era in brew
ing: all dregs and sediment are eliminated and
the pleasures of al« drinking doubled. • AH
dealers. ' . •
PARASITE TAKES
UP NEW LABORS
Attacks the Boss Scale
and Surprises
Experts.
Has Done Splendid Service
in Destroying the Yel
low Pest.
During the inspection of an orange tree
recently Experts Drummond and Jeffrey
of the Board of Horticultural Commis
sioners of Los Angeles discovered that
it was Infected with aspldlotus rossi (Ross
scale). Their attention was attracted by
what seemed to be the exit holes of some
parasite in a number of scales. A sam
ple was forthwith sent to Alexander
Craw,, the entomologist of the State
Board of Horticulture, in this city, for
investigation, who has determined that
the small parasite belongs to the chalcld
group of hymenopterous insects, aspld
iotophagus citrlnus, or scale killer, that
was so effective in checking the yellow
scale of the orange a few years ago. The
parasite is almost microscopic and on
that account is frequently overlooked by
orchardists. The fact remains that it has
suddenly and strangely appeared ln» a dif
ferent scale to the one in which it is the
true parasite, and there ia no doubt
that it will be of great benefit in checking
the Increase of the Ross scale (aspidiotua
rossl). The history of the parasite is In
teresting, Inasmuch as it belongs to' a
class of insects that can never become
a pest. Its Btomach and whole anatomy
are such that it cannot digest vegetable
foods, in fact It is such an epicure that it
seldom attacks other scales than the one
of which it is parasitical. As an Instance
of this. It has refused to attack the red
scale of the orange, yet the structural dif
ference of the yellow and red scale can
hardly be determined by xhe most power
ful microscope. The parasite, therefore,
Is keener even than the most scientific re
searchers In readily distinguishing be
tween the two species. It came into prom
inence in 1891, when Cra-w described the
parasite which is of such interest to the
orange grower, under the name of cocco
phagus citrinus, but now and henceforth
it is to be known as aspldiotophagus cit
rinus (scale killer).
It has done yeoman service in stamping
out the yellow scale in Los Angeles, San
Bernardino and Riverside counties.
The results of Its introduction In Yuba
County has also been eminently success
ful. Entomologist Craw has also under
inspection . and is propagating the new
Chinese parasite of the red scale, sixteen
hundred of which have been sent to Los
Angeles and the orange counties. He is
breeding the insect from « a Chinese
orange tree sent him by Mr. Compere
from China. The results of the investiga
tion are being looked forward to with
great Interest.
"Wells, Fargo & Co. Open To-Bay. ,
To accommodate the public "Wells, Fargo
& Co. will keep their offices in this city
open Sunday, December 22, from 9 a. m.
to 3 p. m., so that Christmas goods may
be forwarded and delivered.
AUDITOR COMPLETES THE
ANNUAL TAX SETTLEMENT
Report Shows That More Than Two
Millions Were Collected on
First Installment.^
Auditor Wells yesterday completed~*the
work of compiling and attaching the 15
per cent penalty to all taxes that became
delinquent November 25, 190L . The settle
ment is shown in the following flgilfes:
Taxes on unsecured personal prop- '• '■' "■
erty charged to Tax Collector... $53,613 63
Amount collected ! by Tax Col
lector to November 25, 1901 5,656 85
Amount delinquent November 25.
1901 $52,057 OS
Amount ©f 15 per cent penalty at
tached 7.043 72
Taxes on secured personal prop- *
erty charged to Tax Collector... 1,263,993 01
Amount collected by Tax Collector
to November 25, 1901 1,157,421 47
Amount delinquent November 25,
1901 a 5106,57154
Amount of 15 per cent penalty at
tached 15,983 24
Taxes on first installment' real es
tate charged to Tax Collector... 2,254,009 84
Amount collected by Tax Collector
to November 25, 1901 2,195,203 67
Amount delinquent November 25, !
1901 $58,806 17
Amount of 15 per cent penalty at
tached 8,820 85
Taxes on second . installment real
estate charged to Tax Collector. 2,254,009 84
Amount collected by Tax Collector
to November 25, 1001 555,174 80
Amount to be collected upon which
there is no penalty at this time. $1,698,835 04
There is a difference between the un
secured personal property and the secured
personal property. This difference was
caused by the Assessor, with the consent
of the City and County Attorney, trans
ferring $16,367 42 from the secured to the
unsecured personal property.
) . - — r ~*~
Romeo and Juliet in Chinatown. Bee the
Christmas "Wasp illustrating Cosmopolitan
California. . •
Serious Charge Against a Youth.
George Slmaa, a boy 19 years of age,
connected with a dog show on Market
street, was arrested at an early hour yes
terday morning at a lodging-house, 1231
Market street, and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of assault upon Attllle
Schaub, a girl 13 years of age, who lives
with her widowed mother at 731 Minna
street. He appeared in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday and the case was contin
ued till to-morrow.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
S Impressions
'Calendar
1902.
BcauUh/1, Practical,
OHgiaaL ........
Oooj When tht Ycjar U Dor*
Postpaid Aaywfetr*
Oder &ad Shepard,
238 POST STREET.
WHIPS, ROBES, BLANKETS
FOB THE HOLIDAYS. .';
Novelties— many of them in*
:;*;./. ported— all new— most any pries. "
STUDEBAKER BROS. fOMP ANY
;. OF CALIFORNIA.
Market and Tenth 8t«.
ADVERTISEMENTS. i _ i _ r ,_ i _ u _
SPECIAL LINES OF
On sale this week. All very suitable
for Holiday Gifts-
Ladles 1 an! Gents' Fine SILK UMBRELLAS :
.$3.00 to $7.50 Each
Ladles' and Gents' KID GLOVES, from the lest Euro-
pean factories.
Ladles 1 Sneer Linen and Linen CamlPlc Initialed HAND-
KERCHIEFS....... $1.00, $1.5O and S3.00 Box
6 In a Box.
Ladles' Hand-Emlroldered Sneer Linen HANDKER-
CHIEFS...... 15c, 20c, 25c, up to $5.00 Each
Ladies' Real Duchesse Laca HANDKERCHIEFS
$2.00 to $30.00 Bach
Gents 1 Initialed Silk HANDKERCHIEFS
.40c, 5Oc, 75c and $1.00 Each
Gents' Silk REEFERS and MUFFLERS, m wnite, Black
and colors ....$1.00 up to $2.50 Each
Ladies' Leather PURSES, latest stnles and colors
............ 50c, 75c, $1.OO, up to $6.OO Bach
Ladles' Cloth and Flannel WAISTS, new stnles and
latest colorings $1.75 up to $8.00 Each
Ladles' Silk WAISTS, Black and Colored
, $5.00 to $15.00 Bach
Ladles' Silk PETTICOATS, Colored and Black
$6.00 to $25.00 Each
Gents' NoYeltg NECKWEAR, latest shapes and colors....
25c, 50c, 75c and $1.00 Each
EXTRA SPECIAL
45 Fine FEATHER BOAS, 45 inches long, In Black,
. Natural and Gran. These are an extra aualltn
Price $10.00 Bach
OUR GLOVE ORDERS MAKE VERY ACCEPTABLE
CHRISTMAS GIFTS.
STORE WILL BE OPEN MONDAY AND TUESDAY EVENINGS, DEC. 23 and 24-
SI. 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
f : NOTICE. I Oriental
GEORGE MATERLE. the Graduate German B J ■* -m gr
Expert Optician, 1071 Vi Market St., near Sev- 2. V. <L~ +GzL
enth, does not travel nor visit cities outside — ■■ '
ot San Francisco, neither does he employ any «^ _.
opticians to represent him. 5**% S^fc I f"***'
OFFICE CHIEF OF POLICE. • • •
"It fives me much pleasure to recommend to ___
the public Mr. Georgre Mayerle of San Fran- VVe Offer Otir entire line of
dscoT I have been using glasses for the past * ¥t um cutirc line OI
four years, and durlns that time have con- beautiful Oriental fuTTY<»+e
suited several opticians, but not until I con- uwulum V-TlCniHl
suited Mr. Georse Mayerle and had .him fit "Ri-irc flnri Plir+aino -j +
glasses to my eyes did I get entire satisfaction. XVUgS ana V^UrtainS at
Most respectfully, J. H. ANDERSOX.
''Sergeant of Police. San Francisco." ft I" n » ft I j» j» » 1
NEW SIGHT FOR XMAS /JJ °/£ UlSCOUIit
. AND N5W YEARS. *" M /WMIUUUUIIl
Make a present that will be highly aDDre- /t3&&3}£/ m&S&C/S 1^^^^ %S>Jm\}
clated ror JPiatt5ff?'*»*-«llilH R<*1-#-
MANY YEARS TO COME. illgF^TvTT^^Jrf^S *
Mayerle's Superior Quality Eyeglasses arc n^O^jaujj^^^gS^^sM *OP
the only ones indorsed by the highest U. S. W <2> C
Army, Navy and Government officials. "Vym mS^
be sent by express with privilege of trying t{7tJr»
them before paying any charges. Prices $5 jIhx*
510 and $16. When ordering, state 'age, The "Dr. ij/i-fc: iij,. t-w+^»
occupation, also whether glasses are wanted Belt" (with dfeJ? b« > £ ? „ -«i^T^
for reading or to see off. GEORGE MATERLE. guaranteed 1#=*F ? o So'LS.f, *°JP J 1
GOTTEN * PreSent Wl " NEVER BE TOB - ° D ! y: NO AQEJTS? NO^KCOUNT^
GOTTEN - ' J^f, '«?■ <~a» °r address Praam ELTC-
T ' "— ,, ,, l C Jr°-\ 20G Post st-- s an Francisco or
DR.JPNULTY. "
rpHiaWEkL-KNOWTT ANDSRLIABLE OLD RkTTQ'H'PQ FOR BARB ERS, BAK-
KtrSP^ W ii ste 'i"" & ;S.' o<^ Polso ? iaonorrhC8 "' Oleet ' ****'JOIljCiO ers bootblacks? bath-
mtu. 2 n J?« y " mflllllv '* ak nes-, Impotence and tlielr houses, billiard tables
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, free. brewers bookbinders, candy-makers i canners'
?»^ K .f^ a « r^ S^ en^- T <f rlB " ensonabIe - Hou "- 2 yer8 ' 6 °«nniUs, foundries; Sundries S
9to3dally;6:J0to8.30ev > gs.Sund.-»vs,10toi;. Consul- hangers, printers painters «W . t'-.J^Sii.i
Utionfreeandsacro^confldentkcalloraddres, .tablemen. P tar-r™-f e r P sf ln tiiSers." h t 0 a e UoSf t 2tL eS '
WE OWN OUR OWN BU1LDING-WE PAY NO RENT
|fgS8B£y# "CREDIT \
S^P!^!~^uMi)£rY^" nttllnV D °n't borrow money, but come
KnlWHpSlp II right to us and get your Christmas
Hi Presents and all the furniture you
Mi^^^^^^MM ant at any time in the future ° n
Iff "*" T^BJJHa^lH ~~~n time. As we pay no rent we can do
jgk; yJiSi^L. |"t TJL 4 *" s * or y QU * We savc money, so
•\^j^^\~- — - =r -»'*--— i % ~"-^? An immense stock of furniture at
\S*52'<£A*-te •=g3ta^S''g.*w- your disposal for very little money
YOUfi CHRISTMAS DINNER J " 3t in > fi "« To j; et Tables hand-
,,,..,. . . .. .. . . - XT f some Chairs, beautiful Wntme
Will taste better if eaten from a Noo- 'Desks, etc., suitable for
nan .Extension Table. -We have a
fine line of handsome tables at mod- CHRISTMAS PRESENTS.
erate prices. Chairs to match: a full We have the Roods— will lay
line of beauties. You can't do better them away for you until Christmas
than to call and see them. •;» 'tn : Come in and see them.
Free Delivery to Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
:'— " * A
THEJ. NOON AN FURNITURE CO., /« c .
1017-1023 Mission Street, above Sixth, Sen Francia;o.
WB CLOSE AT 6 P. ffL EVERY DAY BUT SATURDAY. *Pages 33 to 44
SEVEN HUNDRED GUESTS CALL AND OFFER
BEST WISHES TO MISS KATHERINE HERRIN
ON OCCASION OF HER DEBUT IN SOCIETY
Brilliant Reception Is Held at Beautiful Home of Young Lady's Parents.
Saturday Evening Cotillon Club Holds Second German of the Season.
The Campbells Receive Friends in Honor of Mr. and Mrs. Elbert Geary
SEVEN hundred callers thronged
the beautiful new home of Mrs. :
William F. Herrin, at Scott street
and Broadway, yesterday after
noon. The reception was given to
introduce to society Miss Katherine Her
rin, who was radiant with smiles and en
joyed her corning out Immensely. She
was gowned in the daintiest of white
chiffon. The bodice and sleeves showed a
wealth of exquisite lace insertion. A bou
quet of rarest white and lavender orchids
completed the toilet of the debutante.
Mrs. Herrin wore an elegant robe of
Chantilly lace over white satin, and Mrs.
William M. Stewart, who is visiting the
HerrinsrVas attired In black satin and
Jet.
The first parlor was decorated with
American Beauty roses, Christmas ber
ries and ferns, while the second parlor
wes dor.e in pink, the lights being also
"' subdued with soft pink shades. The deco
rations were artistic In every detail.
Those who assisted Mrs. Herrin In re
ceiving the guests were:
Mrs. "William M. Stewart of Nevada, Mrs.
T I? Bishop. Mrs. Samuel M. Shortrldge, Mra.
A. D. K*yfc!=. Miss Alice Herrin, Miss Maud
M Taylor, M:es Margaret Salisbury, Miss
Charlotte Elllnwood. Hiss Plllsbury, Miss
Pearl Landers. Hiss Elsie Sperry, M1b« Louise
Re-ilajrton Miss Hazel Xoonan, Miss Ardella
Mills Miss Elizabeth Mills, Miss Bernle Drown.
Mi* Katheryn Robinson, Miss Hilda Van
F'.'lc-tn Miss Kclcc-y Paterson, Miss Marie
- Voorhie's, Hiss McNeil and Miss Genevleve
King. m m ■ m
The second german of the Saturday
Evening Cotillon Club was held last night
at Cotillon Hall. These informal dances
are delightful affairs and afford much
pleasure to the younger set. Nearly two
EX-SOLDIER INVEIGLED
TO PARK AND ROBBED
William Chapman Sclieved of His
Watch and $300 In
Coin.
WnUatn Chapman, a discharged soldier,
v.'£s lured to a lonely spot In Golden
Gate Park yesterday afternoon by two
daring thieves and there held up and
robbed cf his gold watch and $300 in
* money. The thieves met Chapman on
Kearny street early In the morning and
pretending to have known him In Manila,
struck up an acquaintance and invited
him to take a ride to Golden Gate
Par*. They •walked down to Market
Ptr*j^, stopping several times to drink
andrtook the JJaight-strcet cars.
Tho two thieve:? inveigled Chapman to
a quiet path in the park and at the point
of a revolver forced him to hand over his
money end watch. Chapman returned to
town shortly after .he was robbed and
hundred young people were present last
evening. The patronesses are:
Mrs. John F. Merrill. Mrs. George S. Toy,
Mn. William Cluff, Mrs. Stephen Castle, Mrs.
George Moore, Mrs. O. P. Evans, Mrs. W. B.
Harrington.
Mrs. J. C. Campbell, Mrs. Robert W.
Campbell and Miss Gertrude Campbell
gave a reception yesterday afternoon at
the Palace Hotel in honor of Mr. and
Mrs. Elbert Geary of Chicago and New
York City. Mr. and Mrs. Geary are the
parents of Mrs. Robert • Campbell. The
apartments of the Campbells were pret
tily decorated and there was an abund
ance of foliage along the corridors on the
same floor of the hotel. Mrs. J. C. Camp
bell wore a black lace gown over white
silk. Mrs. Robert Campbell's gown was
white crepe de chine, and Miss Campbell
wore pink liberty satin. Assisting the la
dles in receiving were:
Mrs. James Bishop, Miss Elizabeth Taylor.
Miss Tibbie Taylor. Miss Ella Morgan. Miss
Amy Gunn. Miss Ruth Dunham, Miss Chrissie
Tart, Miss Maude Ciuff, Mies Rowena Burns,
Miss Elizabeth Wilson and Miss May Sharon.
Miss Mabel Hogg made her debut at a
delightful tea given by her mother, Mrs.
James Hogg, 2226 Saramento street, yes
terday afternoon. Several hundred guests
were received between 4 and 6 o'clock and
the affair was most enjoyable.
The decorations in the parlor were of
white, principally chrysanthemums. The
dining-room was done in Christmas ber
ries and the billiard-room in yellow, while
ferns and palms were used for the hall.
Mrs. Hogg wore a white silk gown, cut
princess and en train, with Chantilly, lace.
Miss Mabel Hogg was exquisitely
reported the matter to , the police. Cap
tain Seymour detailed two men on the
case.
Scandinavians Celebrate.
The Scandinavian Society celebrated Its
forty-second anniversary Christmas tree
festival and ball at Odd Fellows' Hall-last
evening. There was a musical pro
gramme, the presentation of very elabor
ate Christmas gifts and a merry dance
around the Christmas tree.
Spanish Society Gives a Ball.
Native Sons' Hall never looked brighter
than It did last evening, decorated for the
Spanish Mutual Benevolent Society's
twenty-fifth anniversary concert and ball.
The hall was crowded at an early hour.
The concert which preceded the dance
was enjoyable.
. German sharpshooters and turners In Christ
mas Wasp. Cosmopolitan California Illus
trated profusely. .;;.. ,-*/ t . •
SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1901.
MISS KATHERINE HERRIN, WHO
MADE HER DEBUT YESTERDAY
AT A TEA GIVEN IN HER HONOR.
gowned in white lace, over white silk'.
Miss Mabel chose schoolmates to assist
her in receiving, although three have mar
ried since they went to school at Miss
West's. Those who received were:
Mrs. Daniel Callaghan, Mrs. Arthur V. Cal
laghan. Mrs. Horace Sperry. Miss Ruth Dun
ham, Miss Margery Gibbons, Miss Azalla
Keyes, Mies Mabelle Toy, Miss Gladys Mer
rill and Miss Newell Drown.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin gave a delightful
luncheon yesterday at the Palace. Covers
were laid for twelve. The' guests were
patronesses of the Friday Fortnightly
Cotillon.
• *. •
Miss Kate Dillon gave a luncheon yes
terday at the University Club for Miss
Georglana Hopkins. There were twelve
guests.
» • • . •
Miss Julia Frances and Henry E. Brown
were married last evening at the horn© of
the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Chris
tian Stader, 1 Berkshire street, Glen
Park, San Francisco. A large number of
friends attended the wedding and gave
the happy couple their best wishes and
congratulations.
Yesterday was the third donation day
for the free ward of. the California Wo
man's Hospital. Mrs. A. E. Brooke Rid
ley, Mrs. A. N. Towne, Mrs. J. W. Hatch
and Mrs. Charles E. Bancroft represent
ed the hospital at Goldberg, Bowen &
Co.'s store, at 230 Sutter street, and re
ceived contributions for the worthy char
ity. The ladies were pleased with tho
generosity manifested.
The usual Christmas dinner will be given
to the sick and disabled soldiers at the.
Presidio. For this purpose the Red Cross
Society solicits gifts of oranges and ap
ples, which will be cheerfully called for
by advising Mrs. Willard B.: Harrlngtonr
2521 Steiner street.
BOHEMIAN CLUB MEMBERS
ENJOY ANNUAL BANQUET
Affair One cf the Host Successful
Ever Held in the Club's
History.-
The annual .Christmas dinner of the
members of the Bohemian Club was held
last evening. About 200^ members were
present and a most enjoyable evening
was spent. Witty after dinner speeches
were made. The event was one of the
most succ^sful of the kind ever held In
the club. .
The menu was carefully selected and
would please the 'most fastidious epicure.
Vocal and instrumental muslo was ren
dered during the repast. The following
was printed on the menu to • make '. the
members feel In touch with the occa
sion:
Without the door let sorrow He,-
And If for cold it hap to die
. We'll bury It In a Christmas pi*
And ever more be merry • * ■•
KNOWLTON'S
FATE HANGS
IN BALANCE
School Board Listens to
Testimony of .Three
Witnesses.
Extreme Bitterness Is Shown
by Oasserly During
Examination. '
Comical Incidents Mark the Closing
Day of the Inquiry Into the
Veteran. Teacher's Com
petency.
The culminating act In the Investigation
of the charges of lncompetency against
Professor Ebenezer Knowlton by the
Board of Education proved to be a gen
uine farce comedy yesterday. Principal
Lyser of the John Swett Grammar
School, who preferred the charges, was
present at the investigation evidently by
appointment with Director Casserjy, who
is acting in the capacity of counsel for
the prosecution and Judge of the trial
court. That the court is biased against
Knowlton is evidenced by the manner In
which the proceedings were conducted
from the commencement of the hearing-.
When the matter, was called yesterday
afternoon Attorney McPlke, counsel for
Knowlton, announced that his client
waived the privilege of calling upon the
pupils of the Everett School to testify in
his behalf. McPike said he might have
called upon Judge Sloss, Assessor Dodge
and other prominent men who were pupils
of Knowlton at one time and who were
ready to testify as to his efficiency. But
he understood that the board had an
nounced its willingness to admit all these
gentlemen would testify to in that con
nection.
Chairman Casserly denied that this ad
mission had ever been made In the pro-*
ceedings. The testimony was read by the
reporter, but nothing bearing upon the
matter at issue could be found. McPike
insisted that the proceedings in which
the admission was made were not read,
and Casserly triumphantly announced
that McPike was wrong. The matter was
then passed.
Lyser Called in Rebuttal.
"That's our case," s&id McPike.
Casserly assumed to be surprised at
this announcement and then called Lyser
In rebuttal. . Casserly proceeded to ex
amine Lyser . upon matters which were
not hinted at by the defense on his direct
examination and McPike entered a pro
test. Casserly pompously overruled the
attorney's objection, with the announce
ment that he would allow, him an .excep
tion. ' -. ... '. . ■- •.. ••. h -
"Your Honor is' very kind," replied Mc-
Pike sarcastically. "If you will tell me
what higher court is to pass upon the
exceptions you may be good enough to
allow me I will be pleased to take ad
vantage of your generous offer."
Casserly whispered with Mrs. Klncaid,
and after a brief consultation he said he
would examine Lyser in his own way,
and he proceeded to carry out his inten
tion In a characteristic manner. He drew
out Lyser's story in fragments as It suit
ed his convenience, and if Lyser sought
to explain himself Casserly shut him off
remorselessly. Casserly dwelt with ap
parent delight upon every point made
against Knowlton and each reply to hia
questions was repeated by him with the
air of one who was surprised that such
frightful incompetency as Knowlton dis
played could have been tolerated in the
School Department for so many years.
In his examination Lyser evinced much
bitterness of feeling against Knowlton,
and his eagerness to parade the short
comings of the veteran educator was
shown in the Irrelevant and ungram
matlcal verbosity with which he enter
tained the board and spectators.
"Give us specific illustrations of Knowl
ton's incompetency," said Director Den
man in the course of Lyser's lecture upon
the best methods of educating the young.
; , "Well," replied Lyser musingly, "he
never followed the law of mental associ
ation — "
"What's that?" interrupted McPike in
surprise.
"Let the witness proceed!" said Casser
ly severely.
"Yes, sir," resumed Lyser dreamily, "he
lacked the faculty of what Herbert calls
apperception."
"Precisely," remarked Casserly tri
umphantly. "He lacked— lacked— pro
ceed, sir."
Stocks Are Discussed.
LyEer told of a conversation with
Knowlton in which the latter admitted
that he did not thoroughly understand the
svbject of stocks upon which his pupils
were examined one day. The result was
that 75 per cant of the pupils failed to
properly answer a question put to them
relative to a stock transaction.
"Ah, yes," interjected Casserly. "Stocks
aiG queer things. Some days they are up
and some days they are down."
This wise observation lost Its force
when McPike began his cross-examina
tion of Lyser. . It then developed that the
question alluded to was so ambiguous that
the pupils could not answer it without
first applying" for a diagram to Lyser,
who, as principal, had framed it. Lyser
made one or two damaging admissions in
tho course of his examination by McPike,
one being that under the present system
of education in this city It was possible
for a teacher to work Indefinitely without
doir:g an honest day's work.
"•I don't see what this has to do with
Knowlton's competency," said Casserly
petulantly.
"You have charged," said McPike of
the witness, "that Knowlton talks too
much. You do a little talking yourself,
don't you?"
"Sometimes," was tho answer.
Casserly bobbed up with a strong objec
tion to. this line of questioning and he
administered a severe rebuke to the at
torney, who Insisted that he was acting
within his legal scope. McPike then asked
Lyser if it was not true that nine teach
ers for one class were employed at the
Swett school within 'a period of two
menths, to which the witness replied In
the affirmative.
Casserly Again Objects.
"That is a matter of record," said Cas
serly. "There is no use going over that
giound." i
"I choose to do so," replied McPike
firmly. "I will say here that under the
circumstances It Is strange that Knowl
ton, who was In charge of one class two
months, should be tried for Incompetency
when there is testimony here that nine
teachers were employed to teach one class
for a similar period."
"That's Irrelevant, incompetent and im
material." answered Casserly, coldly.
"Isn't it a fact that seven of the nln©
pupils who testified In behalf of Knowlton
GEORGE H. PIPPY'S NAME HEADS
TICKET FOR NEXT PRESIDENT
OF THE UNION LEAGUE CLUB
Nominating Committee, of Organization, Consisting
of Well-Known Republicans, Puts Forward Com
plete List of Those Who May Serve as Directors
THE nominating committee of the
Union League Club met yesterday
afternoon and placed Colonel
George H. PIppy on the regular
■ ; ticket for the next president of
the League. Other nominations were made
as follows:
D. McKinlay, first vice president; S. G.
Hendy, second vice president; I. W. Hell
man Jr., treasurer: J. B. Fuller, . secre
tary; directors, W. M. Abbott, F. M. An
gellottl. H. G. W. Dinkelspeil, A. 3.-Man
grum, E. J. Smith and O. F. Westphal.
The election will take, place Januarys
There are no signs of an opposition ticket.
Colonel Pippy Is a well-known National
Guard officer, now serving on the Ftaff of
the commander in chief. He Is active in
club affairs and If elected will have the
honor of participating prominently In the
State political campaign next fall. If
President Roosevelt visits California next
summer the glad hand of Colonel Plppy
wlll^go out to him. The League's nom
inating-committee, consists of the follow
ing named:
J. B. Fuller, C. H. Garoutte, J. H. Neff,
In this investigation have failed of pro
motion since they so testified?" asked Mc-
Pike.
"The record In the office of the clerk
of the board will answer that question."
said Casserly before the witness could re
ply. "That will do, Lyser."
Mrs. Clara J. Blgelow, a teacher in the
John Swett School, was called by Cas
serly to explain why certain examination
papers were marked and the markings
subsequently changed.
Question Was Ambiguous.
"One of the questions relating to bonds
was ambiguous," replied Mrs. Bigelow.
"I called Mr. Lyser's attention to the
question and answers thereto and the
markings were changed in justice to the
pupils themselves."
The testimony was evidently not satis
factory to Casserly and the witness was
soon excused. Miss Sophia Hobe. a
teacher in the same school, was then
called. She said that she taught Knowl
ton's class and observed that pupils
lacked discipline. They were also guilty
of the crime of whispering. It developed
that the witness had followed another
teacher of the same class, and after
considerable objection by Casserly sho
said, in reply to a question by Director
Mark, that the bad conduct complained
of in Knowlton's pupils showed little
change for the better under other teach
ers.
"How long have you been a teacher,
Miss Hobe?" inquired McPike.
"Twenty-five years.".
"Was the rule requiring teachers to be
18 years of age then In force?"
"Oh, yes. I was 18 then," replied Miss
Hobe innocently.
"That la all." . .
"It's a shame to reveal a woman's age
in that manner," growled Casserly.
"Thank you very much. Miss Hobe." '
McPike announced that he had no fur
ther witnesses and he asked time In
'which to argue his client's case. Casserly
graciously accorded this privilege and set
the time for hearing argument at 9
o'clock to-morrow morning.
PERSONAL.
Dr. F. E. Raynea of Angels is at tho
Grand. ..•■.'
Judge Stanton X>. . Carter of Fresno is a
guest at the Lick. " _
C. F. Roberts, a prominent resident of
Eureka, is at the Grand. .
George B. Katzensteln, a merchant of
Sacramento, Is at the Palace.
J. D. BIddle, an oilman of Hanford, Is
among the arrivals at the Grand. .
Colonel E. Miles, U. S. A., has been
spending a few days at the Occidental.
Ogden H. Fethers,' supreme chancellor
of the Knights of Pythias, Is at the Pal
ace. / ' .
Count and Countess C. F. Wachtmels
ter of Paris are spending, a few days at
the Palace.
R. A. Mencore, a cattle man of Nevada,
Is here on a business trip and has made
his headquarters at the Lick.
Baron arid Baroness de Boulemont of
Paris arrlyed from the East last evening.
They are staying at ' the Palace. ".
Orlando Harrlman, brother of E. H.
NOMINEE FOR THE PRESI
DENCY OF THE UNION
LEAGUE CLUB.
J. R. Knowland, F. F. Barbour, Harold
T. Power and Dan T. Cole.
Harrlman, who has been In the city for
a few days, left for New York last even-
Ing.
Charles R. Drake, formerly a Southern
Pacific Company official at Tucson, but
now residing at Los Angeles, is at the
Palace.
Edward F. Murphy, a graduate of St.
Mary's College and a Native Son, who is
now in the wholesale grocery business at
Butte, Mont., is visiting friends in tho
city. ,
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— The following
Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco— S. Stengel and
Mrs. Stengel, at the Everett; W. P. Ham
mott, at the Vendome; D. Knight, at the
Marlborough; Mrs.'T. Swirinerton, at the
Gerard; J. J. Evans, at the Astor; H. M.
Hill, at the Holland; F. A. Long, at the
Navarre; I* McDermott and Mrs. S. L..
Morrison, at the Manhattan; H. Swan
and wife, at the Bartholdi; M. Wiener
and wife, at the Savoy.
- From Los Angeles— A. C. Kennedy, at
the Continental; E. B. Moore, at the As
tor.
From Oakland— A. W. Burrell, at the
Grand. - .
From San Dlego-^G. N. Holcomb, at the
Marlborough.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
Shoreham— S. C. Irving, A. C. Van Fleet,
A. G. Devean and wife. Willard — George
A. Knight, G. I. Ives and wife, George L.
Fish and wife. Ebbitt— B. F. Thomas; all
of San Francisco. Raleigh— Lester L.
Morse, Santa Clara.
Improvement Club's Election.
At the regular weekly meeting of the
Market Street and Eureka Valley Im
provement Club, held Wednesday evening,
December 18, at 837 Noe street, the follow
ing officers, were elected: President, W.
L.. Coles; vice president, J. McDonnell:
secretary, W. E. Dubols; treasurer, M. C.
Gimpel; sergeant-at-arms, C. Crowley;
.executive committee— Dennis Barry, S.
Jackson, J. McDonnell, A. F. Elliott and
W. J. Cuthbertson Jr.; finance commit
tee — H. J. Rlggons, E. B. Carr and J. B.
Klemm; delegates to Federation of Mis
sion Improvement Clubs— W. I*. Coles, W.
E. Dubols and A. F. Elliott; alternates-^
E. B. Carr, Frank Ryan and H. J-. Rig
gons.
Chinese Troubles Again Settled.
The fighting men of the Ping Kong
Tong and the Fom families have again
decided to call off the war that has been
going on' in Chinatown since Thanksgiv
ing day. The. warring tongs agreed to
stop their wanton murdering several days
ago, but as told exclusively In yesterday's
Call, the highbinders decided to call off
the agreement to keep the peace last
Thursday night. The Six Companies and
the head members of other Chinese socie
ties met with the members of the war
ring factions yesterday afternoon and the
differences existing: between them were
satisfactorily settled. .
Pages 33 to 44
FIXES BLAME
ON ENGINEER
Coroner's Jury Finds
Coffey Is Responsible
for Deaths.
Inquest "Witness Overcome
by Memory of Horrors
of the Wreck.
Messenger's Helper Gives Graphic*
Description of Work of Train
Crews and Passengers in i
Rescuing Injured. »
THE VERDICT.
Case of O. A>. Thurber: That
he came to his death by being;
burned in express car attach-
ed to train No. 9 in collision
with train No. 10 at siding
called Uplands, five miles east
of San Lucas, Cal., on the
Coast Division of the Southern.
Pacific Company; that his
death was due to the diso-
bedience of train orders given,
Engineer Coffey of train No. 9.
—Verdict of Coroner's Jury
San Lucas inquest.
SAN LUCAS, Dec. 2L— This afternoon
some pathetic scenes were observed dur
ing the continuation of the Inquest over
the remains of Garland and Thurber, vic
tims of the collision at Upland.
Charles F. Hicks, messenger's helper on
train No. 10, related his experiences. H»
was asleep, he said, in one of the cars
used for express purposes when he was
suddenly awakened by being violently
hurled to the floor of the car. H« was
covered by express matter and baggage.
Fortunately he had all his clothes on and
went outside to see where the train was.
He discovered the* mall car ahead turned
over on its side and ran at once- toward
it and helped out two mail clerks. He
then went toward train No. 9 and found
the express car Jumbled up with the en
gine. The witness hers broke down and
with trembling voice haltingly continued
his story of seeing the express car of No.
9 in flames and of how Colby, the mes
senger, and Martin, the "guard, were
dragged from their car, Colby calling for
Thurber, but receiving no response. A
vain search was made through the burn
ing car for Thurber in the hope of find
ing him still alive. Hicks told how he
watched the car burn completely up and
said he then became suddenly oblivious
to everything till he found himself help
ing rescue others from the train.
Hicks related how he had found what
remained of Thurber, only a few bones
mixed up in a pile of bullion, formerly
$125,000 Mexican coin, stove remnants and
other materials. He heard agonizing cries
from other cars as though from people in
them.
Engineer Coffey's deposition, which was
read to the jurors, was continued. His
answers were as follows:
I received my orders at San Ardo, Decem
ber 19. 1001, statin? that "trains numbers 9
and 10 will meet at Uplands." Conductor Wil
liams read them to me. "We left San Ardo at
12:55 a. m. I was on the right slda of tha
cab. Changed my position aa often as duty
required. Was tending to different duties. Did
not see Uplands lights. Did not know I was
there until we were over the switch. Don't
know how far away the train was when I saw
the light first. Did all I could to prevent tha
collision after passing the switch when I real
ized I had passed it. I put on the brakes and
slowed steam. I compared watches wfth my
fireman at 1:01 a. m., when I told him, of
orders.
This closed the testimony. After being
satisfied that the bones had been those of
a human being the jury retired to delib
erate. After two hours' deliberation th«
jury returned the following verdict:
Case of O. A.' Thurber: That he came to his
death by being burned in express car attached
to train No. 9 in collision with train No. 10 at
siding called uplands, flvo miles east of San Lu
cas, Cal.. on the Coast Division of the South
ern Pacific Company; that his death was Ant
to the disobedience of train orders given Engi
neer Coftey of train No. 9. That case of. Wil
liam C. Garland or Grieves, fireman, on train
No. 10. was exactly similar, except that death;
was caused by being crushed beneath aa en
gine tender. - ■
Two sisters of Thurber arrived here thi«
evening, but were not permitted to view
the remains.
WORTHINGTON INVESTIGATES.
Superintendent "Worthlngton of the coast
division of the Southern Pacific held an
investigation yesterday morning as to the
circumstances of the wreck at Upland.
The testimony will be transcribed at once
and together with the recommendations
of Mr. "Worthington will be submitted to
Manager Agler to-mcrrow.
The members of the two train- crews
were present with the exception of En
gineer Coffey, who was not able to leave
his bed. A statement by him was filed as
part of the evidence. Nothing new was
developed, and in the main the members
: of the crews , agreed as to facts. There
were discrepancies, however, between the
testimony cf Engineer Coffey, Fireman
Dameron and Conductor 'Williams of No.
9. Each of them claimed to have set t'.ie
emergency brakes when the danger was
first discovered. Coffey and Dameron
each claimed also to have closed the
throttle.
The wreckage has practically all been
cleared away and trains are running over
tha old track again. The wrecked engines
will probably be brought to the San Fran
cisco shops to-day.
No other human remains were found in
the wreckage, and the total of five la the
sum of lives lost in the disaster, the vic
tims being William C. Garland, fireman
of No. 10; Owen A. Thurber, Wells-Fargo
messenger helper; Cordona and Sava
nia. the two Italian' sectlo'n hands, and an
unknown boy or man, supposed to have
been a tramp riding on the brake beam.
Services at Trinity M. E. Church.
Trinity M. E. Church, corner of Market
and Sixteenth streets— Rev. Milton D.
Buck, pastor.
The new choir will sing the anthem "Praise
Te the Father," by Gounod. In the evening
George R. Bird will sing a bass aolo. "The
Lord Is My Shepherd." by Bohm. The pas
tor, Milton P. Duck. J>. C. will preach In the
morning on ""What Keeps Man From Church"
and in the evening on "The Highway of Salva
tion."
German sharpshooters and turners in Christ
mas Wasp. Cosmopolitan California Illus
trated profusely. •34
ANOTHER SPREAD-EAGLE VICTORY FOR CRUZADOS IN THE JUNIOR STAKES AT OAKLAND
NATIONALS WIN
BY ONE TALLY
Mertes Is Credited With
Only Run Made in
the Game.
Whalen and Schmidt Given
Superb Fielding
Support.
The Wasps and the Nationals gave a
clever exhibition of fast, snappy baseball
yesterday at Recreation Park. "Sandow"
Mertes was the only player to make a
complete circuit of the bases, although in
several innings it was only sharp fielding
that prevented a larger score.
Mertes' run was scored in the Nation
als' last time at the bat. He was sent to
first on called balls. Chance, the next
batsman up, hit a slow one to Krug. The
latter waited for it to reach him, instead
of going after it. The best he could do
was to shut off the batsman at first,
Mertes reaching third on the play. Lee
flew to Hildebrand in left field. •'Hilde"
misjudged the flight of the ball and finally
let it paes through his hands. Mertes
strolled home.
Mertes made the only errors charged
against the visitors, but neither were se
rious, as the side was retired before any
harm was done.
In the sixth inning Van Haltren showed
he still retained his throwing arm, putting
out Shay at the plate from deep center
field. Shay was running for Hildebrand,
who had to retire from the field to effect
temporary repairs to his knickerbockers,
which were damaged in a long-distance
slide to second. This was the nearest the
home team was to scoring.
In the fifth inning Whalen was called
out at first on a double play. The specta
tors thought he was safe. "Jake" Beck
ley was playing first, and as the ball
reached him he shouted "Three out!" and
left the field. Umpire McDonald was ap
parently caught off his guard, as he let
it go at that.
In the game to be played this afternoon
Lee, Washington's southpaw twirler, will
be in the box for the Nationals. Iburg
■will twirl for the home team. Yesterday's
score:
NATIONALS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren, c. f... 4 O 1 0 0 1 0
Kulen. Sb 8 0 0 0 O 3 0
Mertes. 2b 2 10 0 4 6 2
Chance, c 4 0 1 0 2 1 0
Lee. r. f 4 0 1 1 1 0 0
Beckley, lb 3 0 1 0 13 0 0
Steinfeldt. s. s 3 0 0 0 4 6 0
McHale. 1. f 3 0 0 0 3 0 O
Schmidt, p 3 0 1 0 0 2 0
Totals 29 1 5 1 27 19 2
SAN FRAXCISCOS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
ICordyke. c. f 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
TTilson, c 5 0 1 0 5 5 0
Hildebrand, 1. f 4 0 2 1 0 0 1
Schwartz, r. f 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Pabst. lb 4 0 0 0 9 1 0
Krug, 2b 4 0 2 0 S 2 1
Shay. b. * 3 0 2 0 1 1 0
Rellljr, Cb 3 0 1 0 4 2 0
Whalen, p 3 0 0 0 1 2 0
Totals 33 0 9 1 24 13 2
P.CNS AXD HITS BY IXXINGS.
Nationals 0 0 O 0 0 0 0 1 • 1
Base hits 11 0 110 10 •— 5
San Franclscos... 00000000 0 — 0
Base h!ts 01022220 0 — 9
SUilMART.
Two-base hit — Eeckley. First base on er
rors — Nationals 1, San Franciscos 2. First
base on called balls — Nationals 3, San Fran
ciscos 1. Left on bases — Nationals 7 San
Francisco 6. Struck out — By Whalen 3, by
Schmidt 1. Double plays — Mertes to Beckley:
Steinfeldt to Mertes to Beckley: Mertes to
Steinfeldt to Beckley. Time of game — 1:30.
Umpire — J. McDonald.
GOLFERS COMPETE ON
FORT BATTER LINKS
The golf contest for the Foster cup.
which was postponed from Thanksgiving
day, was held yesterday afternoon on the
links of the Sausalito Golf Club and was
won by R. J. Davis with a score of 57. The
competition was over nine holes. The
course has been so much disturbed by the
extensive building operations of the
"L'nlted States Government on the Fort
Eaker reservation that play began at the
fourth hole, continuing over the fifth,
sixth, seventh and eighth, the fourth,
fifth, sixth and seventh being played a
second time to make up the nine. The
course is rough and high scores were in
evitable. R. W. Mason was second with
€2, Dr. A. H. Mays third with 64, W. G.
Morrow. James Newlands and H. Clay
Miller tied with C8, and A. Starr Keeler's
score was 74. The" cup 1b held for one
year and is at present In the possession of
Frank B. Findley, who did not appear
yesterday to defend his right.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BICYCLES
For Boys and Girls
Men and Women
BAKER & HAMILTON,
Cor. Pine and Market StsV; * ;
SAN FRANCISCO.
IMPERIAL WINS
AT GOOD ODDS
Beats Fast Lady Clare
Pointless in Short
Course.
Sir Pasha Is Favorite in
Union Park Special
Stake.
W. Cairns' greyhound Imperial gave
the talent a distressed feeling iir the run
down of the open stake at Union Cours
ing Park yesterday by winning the flag
from D. J. Healey's fast courier, Lady
Clare. The wise, ones had figured the
Petaluma greyhound had so much speed
over her opponent that unless the hare
proved a demon It was easy money for
the Lady to •win. - At slip time their con
fidence had increased to the extent that
the knowing ones were freely offering S
to 1 that honors in the course would go
to their choice. The tempting odds had
the desired effect and quite a number of
tickets were issued at that price. The
capitalists were given a short and sweet
run for their money. Almost before they
got a glance at their favorite on the field
the white flag went up and they learned
that Lady Clare had been retired from
the stake. Imperial took the lead and
maintaining it scored a running pick-up
and gained the decision.
Loyal Lad also proved a bad investment
for the men of money. . Five to one was
quoted on his chances and a good play
was recorded. Daisy Clalr, his opponent
in the course, outworked him for the flag
by a score of 6 to 4.
Dorothy M beat her sister, Miss Brum
mel, a 1 to 5 choice, and three other short
ends, each at 3 to 5, completed the list
of victories for the pikers. The imported
Bright Gold, one of the short ends, after
being unsighted joined in and outworked
Patriot in a good course.
The hares were not so lively as previ
ous lots', but ' at that set a pace strong
enough to make the hounds extend them
selvess.
Sir Pasha is stake favorite at 4 to 1, but
his ability to go through a seven-round
stake is questioned. Rural Artist and
Freda C are at 5 to 1; For Glory, Lottie
M. Master Clair, Black Flush and The
Grafter at 7 to L
Second round winners look to be Minnie
Sankey, Freda C, Elista, Sir Pasha,
Naughty Girl, The Grafter, Ruby San
key, Greenhall. St. Ives. Tapioca, Hick
ory Dick, Kibosh, Black. Flush, Wedding
Bells, Master Clair, Bowery Boy, Sofala,
Red Rock, Ben Lomond, Rural Artist.
In the special stake to be run to-day
Charta and Narcissus are even favorites
at 4 to 1 for final honors. Narcissus
should have the call, having won his last
three stakes In fast company. Tiburon
and Freeze Out are at 5 to 1. Tiburon may
be beaten by Fly by Night in his first
course. In his last time out Healey's dog
was outworked by Wedding Bells, which
fell an easy victim to Fly by Night.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open stake, first round— C. Plckard's Bright
Gold beat G. McKenna's Patriot, 12-5: E.
Geary's Minnie Sankey. beat C. dock's Ala
meda Lad 7-0; J. M. Halton's May Hemp
stead, a bye; George Nethercott's Freda C
beat Pasha Kennels' Rustic Arbor, 7-3; D. J
Healey's Elista beat F. Mlllrick'e My Selec
tion, 1C-2; J. F. Badt's Lovina beat J. M
Carroll's Auckland, 0-0; George Sharman's Sir
Pasha beat J. J. Keenan's Dread Not, 8-0;
Ed Neaves' Rosie Clair beat R. Strahl's Three
Cheers, 14-9; Kelley & Hanley's Naughty Girl
beat H. Lynch 1 s Black Bart, 7-3; J. H. Mc-
Neil's Blackhawk beat P. Doyle's Thelma, 4-2-
J. Markland's The Grafter beat E. Geary'o
Bonnie Pasha. 7-5; W. Cairns' Imperial beat
D. J. Healey's Lady Clare, 3-0; E. Geary's
Ruby Sankey beat T. Maher's Lord Goff, 16-11;
W. H. Robinson's Rosle Freedom beat F S
Prices Forget, 17-S; J. H. W. Muller's CruiEer'
a bye; J. Cane's Greenhall beat H. H. Grays
My Dog, 14-11; George Sharman's St. Ives beat
A. R. Curtis' - Vulcan, 8-6; E. Geary's Fannie
Hughie beat W. J. Leonard's Daylight, 8-3;
D. J. Healey's Tapioca beat L. S.' Barre'6
Boodle Boy, 14-3; D. G. Frantz's Dorothy M
beat P. M. Clark6on's Miss Brummel, 10-8;
George Nethercott's Hickory Dick beat J D
Cardinell's Jesiby. 12-3; W. C. de B. Lopez's
The Levite, a bye; H. H. Gray's Terronette,
a bye; A. R. Curtis' Kibosh beat L. S. Barre's
Amedee, 10-4; George Sharman's Black Flush
beat H. H. Gray's Rona, 11-6; Ed Neaves'
Daley Clair beat A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad
6-4; L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain beat F. Lee's
Sweet Locust, 9-4; Ed Neaves' Wedding Bella
beat Kelley & Hanley's Lusmagh Lass 4-0-
J. M. Carroll's Master Clair beat D. J Healey's
Fine Form. 13-9; W. C. de B. Lopez's Courage
beat D. Dillon's Europa, 9-4; George Shar
man's Bowery Boy beat H. H. Gray's Mad Girl
10-0; P- M. Clarkson's Prompto beat H*
Lynch's Clarice, 10-5; H. Lynch's Lcttle M
beat W. C. de B. Lopez's The Fenian 3-1 •
P. M. Clarkson's Sofala beat E. Geary's Fair
Oaks, 15-8; George Nethercott's Red Rock
beat E. Parkinson's Ben Kirby, 6-4; Pasha
Kennels' Rich Argosy beat M. Dunlea's Tara's
Hall. 11-S; J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells beat F
B. Gerber's Red Pepper, 12-0; M. R. Parkin
son's Ben Lomond beat J. McCormack's Black
Daisy, 4-0; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat
Ed Neaves' First Foot. 4-0; D. J. Healey's
For Glory beat George Knight's Shadow 8-7.
VETERANS AT TENNIS
ON CALIFORNIA COURTS
Joe Tobin and Sumner Hardy De
feat George Whitney and Harold
Crowell in Practice Match.
Tennis players were out in force yes
terday at the California Club courts
practicing for the big tournament to com
mence this morning. Joseph S. Tobin,
who was one of the best players on the
coast a few years ago, made his reap
pearance on the courts. He was out of
practice, but showed that in a short time
he could play a better game than ever.
In a match with Sumner Hardy against
George "Whitney and Harold Crowell he
proved victorious, his side winning two
sets out of three. Hardy was in fine form
and was easily the star of the four. The
score. In favor of Tobin and Hardy, was
&— 3, 3—6, e— 3.
Other matches played resulted as fol
lows: H. W. Crowell beat J. D. Mac-
Gavin, 6—4. Fred Brown beat Hpmer
Parker. 6—4. C. Beal beat Bert Golcher,
6—0, 6—1, 6 — 4. A. Ames beat Sidney Smith,
6—4, 6—3. George Lane beat H. Babcock
6—1, 6—1. L. E. Wood beat B. G. Wood,
6—2, 6-0, 4—6. A. A. Moore and M. Cerf
played a tie match, 6—4, 4—6.
In doubles G. Whitney and G. Whipple
beat C. Smith and F. Stringham, 6 3 5—7
6—1. Parker and Brown beat Bardner and
W. Allen, 1-6, 6-4, 6-3. H. Schmidt and
W. Morton beat the Kempff brothers, 6—3.
4—6, 6—4, 6—3. B. G. Wood and G. Lane
beat L. E. Wood and Babcock, 6 4.
Schmidt and Morton beat the Kempff
brothers, 6—1, 4—6, 6—3. The Wood broth
ers beat Golcher and Read, 6—3. Cerf and
Kenyon tied Moore and Phillip, 4— 45, 6—4.
Passed Worthless Checks.
Thomas Butler, 1324 Hayes street, pro
prietor of the Baden brickyards, secured
a warrant from Judge Mogan yesterday
for the arrest of Frederick H. Figel on
a charge of obtaining money by false prs
tenses. He alleges that on December 26
1300, Figel got a check for $75 from him
on the statement that he had the amount
on deposit in the Citizens 1 Bank of Santa
Clara County, which was untrue. Butl<*r
also stated that Figel had purchased the
fruit crop on hla ranch last year and had
given him drafts for 5500 on the same
bank, which, he alleges, were not hon
ored.
Stole Coin From a Trunk.
Laura Buelna, 10 Salmon alley, secured
a warrant from Judge Mogan yesterday
for the arrest of Perfecto Roderiguez,- a
barber, on the charge of grand larceny
She accuses him of stealing $700 in gold
and silver from her trunk. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBEK 22, 1901.
OLD ENGLAND BEATS SAN NICHOLAS
WITH PLENTY TO SPARE AT THE END
Headwater Defeats Sombrero for the Six-Furlong Handicap and Cuts the
Coast Record to 1:12 l4— Mercer, the Favorite, Is Third— Cousin Carrie
Wins Opening Sprint at Lengthy Odds-Favorites Out of Luck Again
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAJKLAND RACETRACK— Saturday. Dec. 2L— Weather fine. Track fast. .
SO1G. FIRST RACE— Six furlongg; selling; three -year- olds and up; value to first, $326.
j ' I I Betting:.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. #. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2841 Cousin Carrie, 3..00 1 11 14 14 In G. Burger Hoar 6 7
(3003) Afghan, a 109 2 2n 21 2n 2 ns C. Llnd ........ .Bullman 7-2 18-5
8001 Rio Shannon, 4... 107 7 7n 8 63 31 J. Coftey O'Connor 8 4
2993 Orleans. 3 104 6 61 6 2 5 1..4n J. Burrows Jackson 8 12
298o Pompino, 6 105 3 4n 52 32 51 S. Judge Ransom 6 10
3001 Capt. Gaines, 4.. 107 4 " 5 % 4 n 4 U 6 10 W. G. Matthews.. Burns e 8
2t>03 Miss Mae Day, 4.. 104 5 31 81 .76 7 4 W.W. Elliot t..J. Woods 8 6
20C7 Modder. 3 99 8 8 7 2 8 8 Jennings & Co O'Nell 12 40
Time— y t , :23%; %, -A8; %, 1:13%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, G..Bur
ger's ch. f. by Midlothian-Sister Mary. Winner a very fast breaker. Afghan ran a nice
race. Rio Shannon outsprlnted the flrst part Would have won in another stride or two.
Orleans come late. Miss Mae Day 1b stale. Scratched— Hungarian 109^ Torslna y 4 -,^
3017. SECOND RACE — Five and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
I . | " . Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(291>S) St. Philliplna 115 2 12 12 11 13 E. Lanlgan. .Hoar 8 4
2091 Dr. Scharff ..118 4 23 24 24 21 O'Neall & Co Burns 7 10
2994 Shell Mount 115 3 83 64 31 34 D. Cameron Mounce 8 6
:Ji>07 Jarretierre d'Or.. 115 5 4 y 2 3 n 51 41 J. P. Atkln. . .Buchanan 5-2 2
297(i Flourish ..........115 9 9 8 2 ' 8 10 . C 1 H. I. Wilson... J.. Woods 15 15
2994 Rosewaf 115 1 5h 51 6^61 Burns & Watrhs..Spencr 6 6
297B Porous 118 8 62 7h 72-.71' L. A. BIasingam..Jacksn 10 12
2994 El Baro 11C 6 3n 42 41 8 15 Jennings & Co. O'Connor 10 15
2o20 Dandy 118 7 7 h 9 9 9 Montana Stable. Bullman 8 20
Time— Yt, :24; Vi, :40; 5%f, 1:07. Good start. Won ridden out. Second and third driving.
Winner, E. Lanigan'a b. f. by St. Carlo-Bessie W. St. Phlllipina has all sorts of speed./
Dr. Scharff ran his race. Mounce took Shell Mount too far out of It the first part. Jarre
tierre d'Or quit. Flourish ran a nice race from where he got away. Rosewar has gone
. back. Dandy not ready. Scratched— Royalty 115. Larry Wilt 118, Legal Maxim 115.
«O1S. THIRD RACE— 1% miles; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
' Betting.
Index Horse. Age, Weight. St. Std. #. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl. •
(2997) Position. 4 113 3 41 42 32 11 D. S. Fountain. .Mounce 4-5 4-H
3015 Com. Attorney, 4.. 110 1 2n 21 2%2h P. Corrigan Bullman 6 10
:(015 El Mldo, 5 104 4 5 5 44 32 J. S. Campbell .. Redfern 6 13
29(i(i Sunello, 4 104 2 11 1^ Id 4 10 M. Storn J. Woods 2 2
2997 Sea Song. 3 IPS 63^3h5 6 E. M. James. . .Tamplln 100 150
Time— M. :25i4: J^, :!il; %, 1:17; mile, 1:43%; l%m, 2:08. Good start. Won easily. Second
and third driving. "Winner. D. S. Fountain's br. g. by Racine- Pottery. Winner took the
lead when ready. Sunello couldn't stay. Attorney ran his race, but was up against It. ,
oOlO. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; Free handicap; all ages; value to first. $400.
Index Horse. Age. -Weight. St. Vj. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op 8 , "ci.
(2413) Headwater, 5 107 2 2 1 3 n 2 n In H. L. Jones & Co.«Buch 7 10
2894 | Sombrero, 2 ....100 4 13 12 12 22 G. B. Morris. . ..Jackson 3 13-5
(3000) Mercer, 4 107 6 6 55, 52 36 J. E. Richardson. Redfrn 3 11-5
29(35 Meehanus, 5 ....112 5 5n 6 ' B • 4n Caesar Young. .J. Woods 4 5
(l?JS«i) Frank Bell. 5.... 108 3 '31 2n 3n 6 1 O'Neall & Co. ...O'Nell 6 8
29S6 The Miller, 5 100 14h42 416 G. P. McNeil. ..Ransch 10 -10
Time— Vi, :24; y,, :47% ; %, l:12'i. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, H. L.
Jones & Co.'s br. g. by Watercress -Headflower. Headwater always does well when fresh.
Had Jackson paid more attention to the wire than to those behind him, he probably
would have won. Mercer closed well, coming from quite a way back. Meehanus on nib
bad behavior. Bell did his best. :
3020. FIFTH RACE— Ssven furlongs; Junior stakes; two-year-olo^7^a?ue"'to^flrEtr$1200^
Index Horse and "Weight. St. y±. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(2S31) Cruzados ..121 4 15 15 15 12^ Baldwin & Co.. .Ransom 3-5 8^5
3013 Botany 110 6 3 4 3 4 2 2 2 2V4 E. E. Ed wards.. Mounce 12 15
C.*994) Waterscratch ....110 8 & 75 62 31 Summers &«Co. .Buchan 8 15
300" The Giver 113 1 42 5n 4n 43 Elmwood Farm.. Spencer 8 13
<2.M«) Redan 110 7 51 42 31 52 P. Guilfoyle. . . .Vittatoe 8 10
(2SCJ) Escalante 118 2 2n 22 5166 Baldwin & Co. .Bullman • •
i:«X)7) Com. Forster ....108 5 7 2 8 7 6 .7 15 J. W. Schorr.. J Woods 8 10
29SS Rameses 113 3 01 6n 8 8 Q. B. Morris. .O'Connor 20 3D
Time— v a . :12V4; %. :23; %, :47>£; %, 1:13%; %, 1:23. Good start. Won eased up. Sec
ond and third driving. Winner, E. J. Baldwin & Co.'s b. c. by Emperor of Norfolk- At
lanta II. "\\ inner showed he could stretch it out. Botany ran a swell race. Waterscratch
away poorly. Escalante grew groggy chasing his stable mate.' Scratched — Mllas'113 Ish
tar 110. *Coupled with Cruzados.
3021. SIXTH RACE — Five furlongs; match race; $500 a side with $500" added.
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. ft. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. D ci.
(2909) Old England 111 1 lh 11^12 13 G. B. Morris. .O'Connor 3-5 7-10
2999 San Nicholas 112 2 2 2 2 2 Burns & Waterhs. .Spen 6-5 7-5
Time— %, :11%; M, 22^; M. :4C%; %, :50^. Perfect start. Won easily. Winner G B~
Morris' b. g. by Goldfinch-Queen Bess. Old England Is a high class fellow 'and too
speedy for San Nicholas.
302a. SEVENTH RA~CE^3melmy50*ya7a?^
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. Vi. Vi. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. ci.
3004 Col. Ballantyne, 3.108 6 3n 2n 11^12 D Wheellhan. . .Jackson 8^ B
8009 Courtier, 3 105 5 4n 6 2 2 % 2 2 Ezell & Lazarus.. Burns 3 13-5
3009 Romany, 5 114 3.5h 41 31 3h J. Green Bullman 6 S
3011 Miss Vera 4 114 7 8h 8%4h 4n McDonald & Dunl:i p. Rsh 4 5
3009 Compass. 3 105 1 2h 3h 62 52 J. Wilson.. McGinn 10 10
3004 John Welch. 4... 114 11 11 11 7 2 62 W. H Lynch... A Kelly 8 15
3004 Elmer L, 3 110 9 10 6 Oh 8 2 T» E. A.' Purnell... Mounce 5 7-2
29G9 St. Anthony, 4.. 114 2 11 lh 018% John Kane Prior 20 40
3004 M. L. Rothc'd, 3.108 10 7 n 10 4 ,0 9 J. M. Crane. .. .Ransom 10 20
3004- Intrada, 3 105 S 9 2 Ln'10 10 ! Wheeler & Creelman.O'N 15 20
2SS8 Pegalong, 3 105 4 6 1 6 h 11 11 F. D. Weir Hoar 60 60
Time— 50yds. :03; % :26: %. :50; %. l:15Vi: m, 1:41ft: lm 60yds, 1:44%. Good start.
Won all out. Second and third driving. Winner. D. Wheellhan's b c by Atlantic- Marv
Stone. The Colonel ran In Improved form. Courtier did his best. Miss' Vera can do better
when good. John Welch away poorly. Scratched— Kastaine 114, Burdock 114
THERE were two or three special
features that served to attract
a large and fashionable attend
ance to Oakland track yesterday.
The match race between Old
England and San Nicholas apparently
touched a popular chord, and then too
the sensational Cruzados was to start In
the Junior stake for two-year-olds.
"Lucky" Baldwin, the silver haired
maistre of Santa Anita ranch, had Jour
neyed all the way from Southern Califor
nia to see his greatly talked about colt
run, and it is likely the local public has
seen the last' of Cruzados for some time.
Before the race his owner said that If
Emperor of Norfolk's son proved success
ful he would not be starred again here,
but would be retired temporarily and
specially prepared for the Derby of 1302
at Chicago. Meeting only an ordinary
field in the stake, which was over seven
furlongs, it looked just a question as to
whether he could go a route or not. The
ring took a chance, and coupled with his
stable mate Escalante, as good as 4 jto 5
could be obtained about the Baldwin pair.
Under the conditions Cruzados. had to
carry 121 pounds. At the start he went
away In the lead with Ransom, stepping
off the first half in HYa seconds, the three
quarters in 1:13% and finished the distance
practically eased up nearly three lengths
before Botany in 1:26 flat. Escalante, not
such a poor piefce of racing hardwaro
himself, grew dizzy chasing the winner,
ending up among the tall enders. The
gross value of the stake was $1500, of
which amount $1200 went to the first
horse. Botany, piloted by Mounce and
1^ to 1 in the ring, ran a remarkably good
race and gives promise of becoming a
clever three-year-old.
No fault could be found with the cli
matic conditions. The weather was warm
and pleasant and the track lightning fast.
Still, only two favorites managed to take
purses.
In the match race Old England settled
New Orleans Racing.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 21.— Crescent City
summary: . ' •'.'"_ A .
First race, selling:, seven furlongs — Death
won. Sir Florlan second, Boomerack third.
Time, 1:27.
Second race, mile — Caatlron won, Mlaslle sec
ond. Serpent, third. Time, 1:42. • .• •
Third race, handicap, six furlonrs— St. Cuth
bert won, John Grigsby second, Nellie Waddell
third. Time. 1:18.
Fourth race. Crescent City handicap, mile
and a quarter — Ben Chance won. Nitrate sec
ond. Petit Maltre third. Time, 2:00V4.
Fifth race, mile and a half, selling— -Little
Elkin"won, Admotus second, Deloralne third.
Time. 2:35. ■
Sixth race, selling, mile and seventy yards —
Deponan won, Arak second. Swordsman third.
Time, 1 :45.
Dempsey Fund Committee to Meet.
A meeting of the Jack Dempsey Memo
rial Fund' Association will be held this
afternoon at 2 o'clock In room 33 of the
Columbian building, 916 Market street. A
large attendance Is especially desired by
the officers.
Cosmopolitan California illustrated in Christ
mas Wasp. All types of citizens portrayed.
Send it to Eastern friends. 25 cents. '/- •
once and for all that he is the superior
of San Nicholas. In the betting the big
Morris two-year-old ruled a 7 to 10 favor
ite, while friends of the black colt, carry-
Ing the Burns & Waterhouse colors, could
get 7 to 5 against their money. It proved
no race at all after the" first quarter.had,
beer, covered. Old England drew the
inside position and led San Nicholas a head
the flrst^quarter, traveled in :22%. There
was no slackening up In speed, the half
being reeled off In 46^4 seconds, and then
San Nicholas "cracked," despite Spencer's
urging. Old England finished the five
furlongs out In :59%, under close reefed
Bails, three lengths to the good.
There seemed no end to the meritorious
performances. In the six furlong handi
cap Headwater, with Buchanan In the
saddle and 10 to 1 in the betting, nipped
Sombrero, the two-year-old, a scant head
en the wire. The winner's time, 1:12%,
marks a new California record. • Mercer,
carrying 107 pounds, had the call, but did
not get away from the post well. Som
brero, away on the fly, made all the pace
and had Lee Jackson refrained from look
ing behind, would unquestionably have
won. Meehanus seems to have gone
back.
Cousin Carrie, a 10 to 1 shot, with Hoar
in the saddle, led from start to finish fn
the introductory sprint. Afghan, the entry
of "Frisco" Llnd, enjoyed a slight call
In the betting around post time, and in
a fierce drive just lasted long enough to
beat Rio Shannon a nose for the place.
Jockey Hoar also landed, the second
purse with St. Philllplna, which filly was
never headed in the five and a half fur
long sprint for two-year-olds. The St.
Carlo filly possessed all sorts of speed,
and although she had nothing- left at the
wire, led Dr. Scharff out three lengths
In 1:07. Mounce took Shell Mount too far
out of It, getting up In time to finish third,
Jarretlere d'Or, the favorite, died away to
nothing.
Only five started in the mile and a quar-
Budd Wins Inaugural Handicap.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec. 21.-*Charley
Budd of Des Molnes, la., won the, In
augural handicap for the Hazard cup by
defeating Frank Parmalee of Omaha in
the shoot-off to decide their tie of yester
day, when each man killed twenty-five
birds, making a clean score. Omaha de
feated Kansas City, In the> Omaha-Kansas
City team shoot by a score of 227 to 217.
In the finals to decide the "Dickey Bird"
shoot Barton Lewis of Norborne. Mo., won
with a score of 145 out of a possible 150.
The midwinter tournament closed to-day.
Insurance Company Sued.
The Progreso Steamship Company fned
a suit yesterday against the Canton In
surance Office for $1635 85. The steamship
company people claim the sum sued for
is due them from an insurance policy for
$2500 issued by the insurance company on
their steamer South Portland, which was
flooded and sunk to prevent its destruc
tion by fire on February 5, 1901. It : cost
$27,645 36 to repair the vessel after it had
been raised, and the amount sued for, It
la claimed, Is the insurance ■ company'3
share of the expense. *"?*.* .
ter selling affair, with Position a 9 to 10
favorite. Mounce, astride the Racine
gelding, waited on Sunello- and Common
wealth Attorney to the.* stretch and, then
assuming the lead, won without effort In
2:08. Attorney took the place from: El
Mldo.
Colonel, Ballantyne, a 5 .to 1 .chance,
captured , the concluding mil© and fifty
yard selling : event. Tommy Burns rode
the favorite, Courtier, but could not get
up, losing by two open lengths.
Track Notes.
Patsy Freeman and wife were Interested
spectators at the track yesterday. Patsy
put In a remunerative season riding on
the French tracks and will probably cross
the water again next year.
James Train, the young and hustling
secretary of the Buffalo Driving Park,
who is here on a business trip, viewed the
sport from the ground.
Tommy" Burns is riding some fine races,
but as yet has failed to get aboard j a
mount good enough, to win.
Charley Ellison is still on the sick list
and is greatly missed in the. ring. .
A "special" that would bring Cruzados,
Old England and Josle G together ought
to prove a big drawing card. ■
The entries and weights for the rich
$3000 Christmas handicap of a mile and a
quarter are as follows:
Watercure 128 Constellator 102
Alcedo 125 Beau Ormonde 100'
Autollgrht 122 Forte 100
Vesuvian 119 Icicle ...100
Roehampton ...... .118 Lake M11U 100
Nones 11B Rosormonde 97
Paul Clifford 11B The Fretter. 97
Argregor 115 Obla 9T
Ordnung 114 Brutal 95
Andrlsa 112 Bangor ..;.. 95
Sidney Lucas.. 112 Goal Runner 05
Greyfeld 112 Imperious 05
All Green 112 Frangible 95
Joe Frey It... 110 Edna Brown 05
Royal Flush 108 Rio Shannon 05
Ben Mac Dhul 107 Bernota 90
The Pride 107 Diderot 00
Black Dick 107 Barbara Frletchie.. 90
Favonius 105 Bombshell 00
Col. Roosevelt 10C Gawaine • 90
Janice 105 Norford 00
Arbaces 105 Sylvan Lass 90
F. W. Brode... 105 Rushflelds 90
Greenock 105 Bohul 90
Articulate 105 Bab 90
Goldone 104 Mar»hall Neil 90
Scotch Plaid 104 Aborinel 90
Flying Torpedo 103 Sunello 00
BEBDBBBBHBHBBBBHBaBBBaBBBBaBBaaBBBBBBBBHIHBBBBBBBIflBBHBaBIHBfllBBaiBB
B H — 41 -»a mr _ ill ■
g M Evee ammto o3d agef
| wj .,: : .,j'you . may ' feel the |
| jL. [§ vigorof youth, with ■
I /// y'^r* s heart, elas- |
g tic step, courage and 1
I —^^ \^s tireless emergy. You ■
| jf^f>> may be free from S
S mmL I V J^f*^ palms amid aches amd defy your g
° There is a fountain of perpetual youth, an'd you have 5
a onIy to reach out your hand and take iL You can drink °
I of [i until your heart shouts with gladness, and with all §
° ffl$&$Jmi /Xmkk >OUr might you will.proclaim, as other men have, §
I M " ! Am a Ma "!" I
//sWlml fll^wim Like the £ iants of old > >' ou can be in >' our P rime at n
/IS ISHl ' JA 1mm sixty— strong, vigorous and full of youthful enthusiasm. □
B 0 // liisiiy /y^Sl W%M% „ . *■£; Jo hn Page. Boulder Creek. Cal., writes, after wearing I>r. McLaugh- n
«. I** wBSr J/Mk VMim llns E1 ~ trl T c i?.f U: '' h , a ? no ache » or P aIns n° w . and the varlcocele ha* dl»- H
B mSr yHl Wf/JMi appeared. I did not think it possible for me to obtain relief from my 8u2erln*s "
E3 W /A3&&A YMZ%1 but the Belt has surprised me. I feel as young as I did thirty years «« and D
g» J, < I**W$$ ' ' \%&f& nothing could induce me to part with it." |j
°" * II /^ffi»Br -fib* If y ° U feCl yOUng you are >' oun g- Youth is strength, u
H / /v^wSi you strength you can defy your years. • n
I • J/. If Jm^^^^>W///M^ y Electric Belt will warm your heart and fill your n
S a I J»r body with the fire of youth. It will limber your joints and 5
| .^--^^j^^^Kp^^^bu put springs in your legs. It will make you feel, glad with 3
a ; -^*^ j j 5i the joys of youthful vigor. g
Xi Mr. A. Crawrord, PokeBama, Oregon, writes: "I waa an pld man of 70 years before I got your belt, and now after nsin* "
Iwl It three months I feel Just as I did when I was 35 or 40 years old. I am able to do a sood day's work shoeing horses and feel at H
m young and active as I did 35 years ago. I thank you with all my heart, and when I come to th« city I will show you an old B
S man made young. I shall always speak a good word for Dr. McLaughlln and his Belt."
H Isn't that food for skeptics? Such letters as I receive would convert even a bigoted □
3 old-school doctor, and he can see no good in anything but physic. §
fin " ■ . urn
| Give me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache in his muscles or joints, "come-and- n
§ go" pains in his shoulders, chest and sides, Sciatica in his hip, Lumbago, Rheumatism, or any D
S ache or pain, and my Belt will pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive out every ja
§ sign of pain. No pain can exist where my Belt is worn. b
2 Mr. J. T>. Balrd of Orland. Cal., writes October 13th: "My back Is entirely well, and I would* not take $100 for mv belt If I □
ffl could not set another. ( It Is the best thing: on earth for a lame back." *«■.«»..»■■
S3 They, come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet in the country §
a which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. S
D ' ■ " * *■ 5
M Now what does this mean to you, dear, reader? It* you are not what you ottght to be, a
H ■ ■ • ■ ' ■ ' . ■ ■ ■ ra
H can you ask any better proof to make you try it? Is there a remedy which is as simple, as easy m
g to use, as sure to cure,' and as cheap as Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt? I have not seen one. m
■ You must try it. In justice to yourself, and to those who look to you for their future happiness, n
II try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter ought not be delayed. §j
m It's as good for women as for men. -Worn while you sleep; it causes no trouble. You m
B feel the gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but no sting, no burning, as in old-style belts. £
fa Call to-day, or send ( for my beautiful book, full of the things a man likes to read if he §
a wants to be a strong man. I send it, sealed, free. gj
I CUT THIS AD. OUT. . g
5 DP M C Mrl 7O2 MARKET STREET f jm
j UK. IU. V. IYlCL,aUgllIin, (At Lotta Fountain), San Francisco.
■ '" , V • ; • OFFICE HOURS — 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. d
■ ; Never Sold by Agents or Drug Store?. 1
BPsaBBBBBBaiiBDHBBBflBaBaBBSSBaBBsiiaaflaaaaBasaanBQaaaanazinBODSiasaBaaBai
MAY MATCH ROOT
WITH GARDNER
Lowell Boxer Is Highly
Thought of by Ring
Patrons.
Few Middle weights Are Ex
pected to "Want His
Game.
Boxers George Gardner and Kid Carter
were about town yesterday" apparently
little the worse for their meeting the
night before In Mechanics' Pavilion.
Gardner bore no sign of the encounter,
while Carter's face will soon regain Its
normal size. The former went to the
races yesterday and was the subject of
congratulation on all sides.
If the San Francisco Athletic Club can
secure a license next month an effort will
be made to bring Gardner and Jack Hoot
of Chicago together. The Lowell boxer. In
his present form, seems invincible.
The total receipts on Friday night were
$5300. Of this Gardner received $1603 and
Carter $650. The Twentieth Century Ath
letic Club officials received $1000 as their
share of the receipts. This was in ac
cordance with an agreement entered Into
when negotiations were pending for the
Jeffries-Ruhlin fight. At that time the
representatives of the two clubs agreed
not to bid against one another.
The- Twentieth Century people were to
be the sole bidders for the Sght and the
San Francisco Club people were to share
in the profits. In return they agreed to
promote a second heavyweight contest In
December and the Twentieth Century peo
ple were to share their profits. The Jef
frles-Ruhlln fiasco upset these plans, as
it was seen the public would not patron
ize the proposed Jeffries-Sharkey fight-
Pressure was brought to bear on Alex
Greggains, but he -.stood on the side of
the people and insisted on a good fight
being provided. ' He carried the day and
the meeting of Gardner and Carter was
the result.
The San Francisco Club's. share of the
Jeffries-Ruhlln gate money was $3100. The
club has made a profit on the year's
rights and will apparently be the biggest
factor in the game In this city next year.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by S. A. Clark against Alice C. Clark for
cruelty and Jacob Klotz against Rachel
Klotz for desertion.
YOUNG HORSES
FOR SALES RING
Royally Bred Trotters
to Represent Aptos
Stock Farm.
Wonderful Success of the
Products of This Estab
lishment
The representatives of the Apios
Stock farm are already preparing the
trotting horses bred at this noted
Santa Crua County establishment for
' the Blue Ribbon pale at Cleveland In
May. Twenty-two head of royally bred
youngsters will be taken In hand within
the next few weeks and given such work
as will transform them Into trotters for
the Grand Circuit or the Park speedway.
A. B. Spreckels has the breeding and
development of the Aptos horses under
his personal direction and the results he
has obtained show how successful he has
been both in theory and practice. Ha
shares with C. J. Hamlln the honor
of having bred two mares with rec
ords better than 2:10. No other man
holds such a record. Mr. Spreckels bred
at Aptos the mares Dione, 2:07%, and
Hulda, 2:08%. Mr. Hamlin bred Fantasy.
2:06, and Nightingale, 2:08. <
At Aptos' Farm are three trotting
bred stallions — Dexter Prince, Cupt.i
and Aptoa "Wilkes. It Is their pro
geny which will b« sold in May.
Dexter Prince is the sire of Eleata, 2:0S?i,
winner of the classic "M and M" stake
this year and winner of most money on
the Grand Circuit,
. Cupid Is the sire of Venus n, 2:11%;
Ps> che, 2:16%, and Lottie Parka, 2:16%.
These three are the only ones of his
progeny to face a starter. •
Aptos Wilkes is not represented Injh»
list of producing sires, but so many^of
his get have sold for large figures, to bo
used as park horses, that his reputation
is more than local. ' '
■ Mr. Spreckels has bred horses for
the pleasure it affords and not for the
profit to be obtained. His youngsters,
whether runners or trotters, have all been
well nourished and well raised. His last
consignment of thoroughbred yearlings,
sold In New York, seemed as big as two
year-olds and were pronounced in better
condition than those of any consignment
sold during the past year. The trotters
will have the same care and they should
all be perfect representatives of tha
American light harness horse.NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
CLAIMS PART OF MILLIONS FOR WHICH
LILLIAN NORDICA HAS MADE DEMAND
Oakland Saleswoman Says She Is Direct Descendant of Ichabod Norton,
the Continental Ship Owner, Who Lost Through Depredations of French
Privateers, for Which Indemnity Was Collected by United States
OAKLAND, Dec. 21.— Mrs. Virginia
C Norton, a saleswoman in W.
B. Standeford's Seventh-street
candy shop, is a claimant for a
portion of the millions which werj
paid to the United States Government as
indemnity for the destruction of Ameri
can merchant vessels by French priva
teers in 1799. Mrs. Xorton is a half
cousin of Madame Lillian Nordlca, the
rrand opera diva, who, as a relative of
Ichabod Norton, the continental ship
owner who lost through the energy of
the- French privateersmen, recently filed a
claim in Washington through Thomas B.
Reed.
But Mrs. Norton of Oakland, who has
retained Attorney Clinton tS. Dodge to
press her demands, declares that she Is
of closer relationship to Ichabod Xorton
than is the celebrated singer.
It was through the publicity given to
Madame Nordica's move upon the French
spoliation Indemnity that Mrs. Norton de
cided to begin a. fis-ht for a share of the
millions.
Woven about this old story of conti
nental days Is an Interesting narrative,
Freplete with romance of the sea, and the
preservation for more than a hundred
years of the record •which, it Is hoped by
the Oakland candy girl, will reap a for
tune for her.
SAYS CONTRACT
WAS ABROGATED
Piedmont Baths Com
pany Asks for 8100,-
OOO Damages.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Dec. 21.
A suit that Involves the performance
of a specific contract or the payment of
J1W.00J in lieu thereof was begun to-day
by the Piedmont Bath and Power Com
pany against the Piedmont and Mountain
View Railway and the Oakland Transit
Company. Heretofore the baths and the
TJ^road were thought to have been work
ing harmoniously for their own financial
benefit, but the suit not only discloses that
they have been pursuing their separate
ways, but that a stubborn war has been
C f "*ng on f° r some time.
Briefly, according to the complaint, the
bath company sues the railway companies
for failure to live up to the terms of a
ADVEBTISEKCZNTS.
i
Cp,r\femeri
•will bo Honored jn
over ISO Atoi-olt»irv
►tK© United Sta.ies
s&tcs room; 200 post&t
Ichabod Norton was one of the many
ship owners . of New England who suf
fered from the activity of the tricolor
privateersmen during the troubles be
tween France and the new republic fol
lowing the Revolution. When France In
1S03 paid over to the United States some
520,000,000 in settlement of numerous
claims a number of the sufferers received
compensation. Ship Owner Norton was
a heavy loser, but the record Ehows he
did not benefit by the indemnity.
His grandnephew, Thomas B. Norton of
Plainsburg. Merced County, who Is now
more than 66 years old, learned of
Madame Nordica's move and decided to
follow buIL The diva is a grandniece of
Ichabod Norton.
On account of his years the Californlan
claimant has assigned all of his interests
to his daughter-in-law, Mrs. Norton of
this city. The transfer was made to-day,
and the preparation of the papers to be
filed with the United States Court of
Claims has been commenced.
The Norton claim now amounts to about
$2,000,000. Mrs. Norton is a widow, and
eince her husband's death has been a
saleswoman in Standeford's candy store:
Ichabod Norton figures as her great
granduncle-ln-law.
"I have placed all of the papers in At
torney Dodge's hands," she said, "and
certain contract for the supply of salt and
fresh water and power.
The contract was entered into before the
Piedmont and Mountain View Railway
was absorbed by the Oakland Transit
Company, though It was continued a short
time by the latter corporation. The agree
ment entered Into obligated the railway
companies to furnish for a period of fif
teen years as much salt water as will be
be required by the bath company to fill
its swimmine tanks and as much steam
as is needed to heat the water and supply
the steam baths. The salt water was to
be pumped from Lake Menitt or beyond
the Twelfth-street dam from the estuary
by means of power furnished by the rail
way company.
Another part of the agreement includes
an obligation to supply power to pump
fresh water from a well on land
near the power-house, and In the event
of Its efficiency and it becoming: necessary
to purchase water from another company
the railway company must pay two-fifths
of the cost thus incurred. For this ser
vice the bath company agreed to pay $5 a
month. . -
The agreement was entered into April
1, 1K»5, having appended to It the signa-r
tures of Charles P. Bishop, president of
the Piedmont and Mountain View Rail
way, and Ira Bishop, president of the
Piedmont Baths and Power Company. The
name of Daniel Grant is signed as secre
tary of both companies, showing the close
relationship between the two corporations.
About July 14. 189»-just after the Pied
mont road was absorbed by the Transit
Company — the contract was arbitrarily
abrogated, so the plaintiffs allege. The
railway company refused to further fur
nish power or heat or water according to
agreement, and particularly declined to
pay Its portion of the purchase price of
fresh water.
By reason of the failure of the defend
ants to carry out their obligations . the
plaintiffs allege that the baths upon
which they have expended $150,000 have
been rendered valueless. To compensate
for this alleged loss the plaintiffs demand
that the defendants be required either to
abide by the terms of the agreement or
pay $100,000 in damages.
Boy Dies From Powder Burns.
OAKLAND, Dec. 21.-Despite his older
brother's heroic rescue, little ' Albert
Smok died last night at hia home. 224
Second street, from burns received by the
explosion of powder with which he had
been playing on the Alameda marsh. The
case was reported to-day to the Coroner.
Presents for old and youn* at H. Schellhaas'
furniture store. Eleventh street, Oakland. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1901.
HALF-COUSIN OF LILLIAN
NORDICA. WHO CLAIMS A
FORTUNE.
I have no doubt that we shall be able to
establish the proof. We are in a direct
line of descent from the original claim
ant.
"Fortune? "Well, I am going to stay
right here until something develops."
ARRANGE CHURCH
FUNERAL RITES
Episcopal Services Over
the Late John J.
Valentine.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 21.
The. funeral of the late John J. Valen
tine, president of Wells, Fargo & Co.'s
Express, has been arranged. It will be
held Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock from
the Church of the Advent, Kast Oakland,
of -which tho deceased was a. member for
many years. The Interment will be in
Mountain View Cemetery.
The services will be conducted by the
Rev. William Carson Shaw, rector of the
church. The Episcopal funeral rites wiil
be observed and the exercises will be as
simple as possible. The character of tho
funeral observance will be as closely in
keeping with the known desires of Mr.
Valentine as possible.
Many messages of condolence are being
received at the Valentine residence In
East Oakland. From far and near are
telegraphed the sympathetic words of sor
row which is felt all along the lines cf the
great company of which President Valen
tine was the head.
Many there are who will miss the
beneficent hand, for ypon Mr. Valentine'a
private liBt of patrons were many who
have more than once felt the charitable
hand that he possessed. Few, even among
his own family, knew of his broad phil
anthropy. Even his most Intimate frieads
had little knowledge of his work in that
direction. .
But In the express company's employ
are many who have reason to know ex
actly the measure of this man's open
heartedness, for many there are who owe
their start, to him.
Left behind is a family of seven chil
dren. Mr. Valentine was twice married.
By his llrst wife the children are Edward
Valentlnp, Ethel Valentine, , John and
George Valentine. The children of the
second marriage are Dudley. Ruth ~ and
Philip Valentine, all under 10 years of ago.
MRS. WILLIAMS
GETS DIVORCE
Husband Allows Wife's
Suit to Go Without
Contest.
Judge Hall. Awards Custody
.of Two Miner Children
to the Mother.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec 21.
Mrs. Clare Tucker Williams, whose high
social connections in Oakland and San
Francisco caused her application for a
divorce from her husband to' be given
wide publicity six days ago, was freed
from the matrimonial i ties to-day by
Judge Hall. Neither her husband. Philip
A. Williams, the well known clubman,
nor his attorneys, Stratton & Kaufman,
were present to oppose the young wife in
any way. She. did not ask for alimony,
presumably because her husband would
not have been "able to pay it if she re
ceived the "necessary award, and she got
all she asked— an absolute separation and
the custody of the two minor children.
The testimony of the witnesses in Mrs.
Williams' behalf was brief. She was the
first to take the stand. In answer to the
questions of her attorney, George E. de
Golia. she said that her husband was an
excessive drinker, and. that when he was
intoxicated he became abusive and de
structive. Once, she remembered, his
conduct was particularly mortifying.
They were traveling across the continent
and her husband attracted great atten
tion to himself by pounding on the door
of the car for admittance, the precaution
having been taken to bar him out be
cause of his habits.
Mrs. Williams said that her husband
had more than once threatened to i kill
her. He came home from San Francisco
one night when ho was in an ugly mood
armed with a shotgun, with which he
said he proposed to kill everybody that
came in his way.
The testimony of Mrs. M. H. Tucker,
mother of Mrs. Williams, was corrobora
tive of that of her daughter. She related
several circumstances in the clubman's
career that showed him to be anything
but a good husband. She was a witness
of some of his alcoholic seances.
Another witness was C. F. Williams, a
professional nurse, who took care of his
namesake whenever he was unable to
take care of himself. He told about the
gun episode, where Williams went on a
tour of extermination, and said that ho
took tho cartridges out of the weapon
for fear that he might attempt to carry
ou his threats. Tho witness also told of
a fight he had .with Williams, who Btruck
him one day while he was not looking.
He returned the blow by knocking his
patient down.
Judge Hall asked Mrs. Williams if she
had made any agreement with her hus
band to secure a divorce. She replied that
she had not, adding that she had not seen
him since his return from the Philippines.
Licensed to *Marryv
OAKLAND, Dec. 21.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Alexander Pas
r.ault, 28 years, and Clemenzia V. Wil
liams, 22, both of Oakland; Alfred J.
Merle, 22, Alameda, and Jennie C. Connor,
19, Oakland; William C. Gunter, 21, and
Amelia Sands, 21. both of Oakland; Man
uel S. Almaida, over 21, and Thomasa A.
Rogers, over 18, both of Centerville; Wil
liam C. Maddaux, 25, and Gertrude E.
Howe, 24. both of Oakland.
Acquitted of Libel.
OAKLAND, Dec. 21.— William J. Atkin
son has been acquitted by a jury In tho
Police Court of a charge of libel made by
J. H. Mullen and growing out of the al
leged exhibition by Atkinson of a picture
of Mullen upon which the words "grand
larceny" wero printed. Mullen is busi
ness agent of the old Building Trades
Council and Atkinson is a member of the
Carpenters' Union, which withdrew from
the council.
At the Theaters.
OAKLAND, Dec. 21.— For the holidays
the Dewey Theater will present, com
mencing Monday evening, a spectacular
melodrama, "The King of the Opium
Ring," which deals with life in San
Francisco's Chinatown. There will be lo
cal scenic effects.
"Hunting for Hawkins," a comedy with
vaudeville interpolations, will be repeated
to-morrow evening at the Macdonough
Theater.
CAPTAIN BRINGS
BACK A BRIDE
pharles Boudrow Steals
March and Becomes
a Benedict.
BERKELEY, Dec. 21.— Captain Charles
Boudrow, vice president of the California
Shipping Company and a well known
master mariner, has just returned from
Seattle with a bride. The captain left his
Berkeley home two weeks ago for a trip
to the north, ostensibly to attend to some
of his business interests, but in reality to
meet Miss Christina Herman, who came
across continents and seas from her home
in Vienna, Austria' to marry him. Cap
tain Boudrow's stolen march and romance
Is the talk of his friends in social and
commercial life, for he kept his Intentions
secret.
Years ago Captain Boudrow and his
bride met at the young woman's Vienna
home. They maintained a correspondence,
although far apart, which finally culmin
ated in a betrothal. As. the mariner
could not spare the time to go to his
bride-to-be it was agreed that she should
come to America.
Instead cf coming to California the
young lady made Seattle her destination,
and the gallant captain found it conven
ient to be there to meet her.. A wedding
took place shortly after the meeting. The
Intervening time has been spent in a
honeymoon. . .. . . ...
Captain Boudrow has been identified
with shipping interests on this coast for
a long time and Is considered quite
wealthy. His handsome residence at 153G
Oxford street is surrounded by the finest
grounds-in the city. -
Holiday Rockers, Easy Chairs, Bargains at
H. Schellhaas' tale. Corner store, Eleventh
street, Oakland. , •
Over 7000 peraons are employed In the
fishing industry on the Mississippi River
and its minor tributaries. ~».
Cosmopolitan California illustrated profusely
in Christmas Wasp." Types of all nationalities.
Send it to foreign friends. . •
MISS JENNIE CONNOR IS UNITED
IN MARRIAGE TO OLLIE MERLE
Daughter of Late Oakland Capitalist Becomes Wife
of Young San Francisco Business Man, Ceremony
Being Performed at Home of the Bride's Mother
OAKLAND, Dec 21.— The marriage
of Miss Jennie Connor of this
city and Ollle Merle of Alameda
was solemnized this evening at
the home of the bride's mother,
lArs. . Jennie Connor, 993 Chester street.
The wedding appointments were simple
and tasteful, an effective arrangement of
foliage and Christmas berries constituting
the decorations. The Rev. Thomas Mc-
Sweeney, pastor of St. Francis de Sales,
officiated at the marriage ceremony,
which was witnessed by relatives only.
The bride's gown was of pale gray silk
crepe de chine over pink silk, and she car
ried bride roses. The bride's only attend
ant was Miss Lillle Sandelin, her "chum"
and confidante since childhood. Miss San
delin wore pale green crepe de chine over
silk of the same shade, and carried pink
roses.
The best man was W. H. L. Hynes, dep
uty District Attorney of Alameda Coun
ty, whose engagement to Miss Pauline
Merle, the groom's sister, was announced
some time ago.
The young couple will make an extend
ed tour of the southern part of th© State,
after which they will reside in Alameda
in a beautiful cottage, which, with the
furnishings, is a wedding gift from the
parents of the groom.
The wedding to-night was the culmina
tion of a long attachment between the
young bride and groom, which began
when they were learning their A B C's»
from the same book.
The groom is engaged in business with
his father, A. J. Merle, who is at the head
of the Novelty Plating Works of San
Francisco.
The bride is the youngest daughter of
Mrs.t Jennie Connor and the late Louis
B. Connor, a well-known capitalist of this
city. She is a graduate of the Convent of
Our Lady of the Sacred Heart.
A luncheon was given by Miss Lola
Stoneslfer to-day in honor of Mis3 Eda
Collins, a bride-elect. Holly berries and
yellow chrysanthemums were arranged on
the table, where covers were placed for
eighteen. The name cards were red
hearts, on which were mounted "snap
shots" of the fair guest of honor, j A pret
ty feature of the luncheon was the giving
of original toasts by each of the guests,
the best, decided by popular acclaim, win
ning a. prize. Miss Geraldlne Scupharo re
celved the trophy. Each toast was writ
ten on a red heart arid presented to Miss
Collins as souvenirs of the occasion. The
hostess was attired in a complete red cos
tume, while the guest of honor wore a
blue silk gown. The guests were: Miss
Eda Collins, Miss Margaret Olcese, Miss
Geraldine Scupham, Miss Bessie EUy,
Miss Ida Larkey, Miss Edith Larkey, Miss
Clara Archibald, Miss May Morrison, Miss
Katherlne Roberts, Miss Mae Rels. Miss
Nettle Stevens, Mrs. R. S. Kitchener,
Miss Frieda Pochwitz of San Francisco,
Miss Louise Hoellcher, Miss Marian Mil
ler, Miss Grace Dunsmoor and Miss Wil
helmine Koenig.
Mr. and Mrs. Lawson S. Adams Jr. will
be guests of Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert Curtlss
of East Oakland until after the holidays.
Mrs. Adams - became a member of Ebell
on Its fwenty-fifth anniversary. The Cur
tisses will bo among those who will have
a large Christmas tree party this year,
among others being Mrs. Isaac Requa,
Mrs. F. M. Smith. Mrs. D. D. Crowley
and Mrs. George II. Wheaton.
Miss Helene Abt entertained a number
of her friends Wednesday evening at her
home in Alameda. Miss Abt is to be mar
ried at an early date, and the gathering
•was somewhat in the nature of a farewell,
as after her marriage she will reside in
Vallejo. The evening was pleasantly
passed with music, t vocal and instru
mental, and tho enjoyment of a dainty
supper. Among those who contributed
"were. Miss Evelyn Fredrick, who .-per
formed on the violin, and Miss Edith Cole,
who sang. Miss Abt's guests were: Miss
Edith Coir, Miss Evelyn Fredrick. IVUss
Lida Fredrick, Miss Lulu Moulton, Miss
OAKLAND. Dec. 2U— Mrs. Eliza M. Mll
ler, Mrs. Cornelia A. Baldwin and Mrs.
Martha Duva!, who were nonsuited ■ in
their suit to break the will of the late
Miss Eleanor H. More, filed objections to
day to the probating of the will in this
county, claiming that the deceased was
not a resident of it and that the courts
have no jurisdiction. Thomas R. More.
a nephew, who is a contestant in anomcr
suit, filed a similar petition.
OAKLAND BELLE WHO BE
CAME THE BRIDE OF AN
ALAMEDA MAN.
Nellie Williams and Mis3 Frankio Has
kell.
Hr5 I «j
b i . a
§ B
e ■ ■ -.■■;■" ■ ■•
H C--tI — one of the thousands of g
a KC^ gifts contained in the new □
fjj§&&& Keller store. It will please a
° '^^^^^r^fe^ m — no ou^ z\)o\A it, be- §
a ,,wW^™l cause qualify and style will g
I ' Jwf^^&ml^ be absolutely right. g
« {(i^E^AJ^W^M A selection from the following a
1 W0^M^^^^Wi lines cannot fail -to be "just the |
I ' 'Mf^'^^liMl HOUSECOATS ; ' g
§ fiPi^Ki^PRil 1 ' suit cases §
* GLOVES^' 0 BAGS
U K^3§!^i AS&fSSf^ HANDKERCHIEFS H
1 S^^OT^^^^ NOVELTY SHIRTS g
HJ DRESS SHIRTS 51
gj &^Z>^ SWEATERS BS
I $6.00 |S .. I
m This is one of our comfortable . Or an always • satisfactory mer- q
E3 lounging robes. Heavy, w»rm chandise order. &3
n .material: novel flKurins. Is it ciuuiuise uiuci. y*
EJ any surprise that the -wearer 55
«3 looks to setr-satisfted? • . "J
m // s7 pom ff /%r* . jT/y San rrancisco : a
B /In & I *&^/7 JKJr/1 r/ T/V' io2s-io.h> a
U3 \fW -^^Ktggfjjg^gi^t^ Washington St« jjj
MO- — Ol
SWEEP SEAWARD
IN OPEN BOAT
Two Men Drift About
for Days Without
Food or Water.
Government Launch Rescues
Berkeleyans From
Ocean Wave.
BERKELEY. Dec tL— The treacherous
currents of th© bay waters swept two
South Berkeleyans through the Golden
Gats In an unmanageable boat during tha
darkness early Thursday morning. They
drifted about on th« ocean until rescued
late yesterday by a Government launch
sent from Goat Island. The men wero
without food or water and In constant
peril of their lives during the days and
night that they drifted about on the
swirling waters. But for the passing of
a lone fisherman, who warned the Gov
ernment officials of the men's danger,
their names would probably b« added to
the list of those who sleep beneath tha
billows.
On Wednesday last D. J. Keane of 201$
Ashby avenue, and Arthur St. Sure, a
Southern Pacific overland conductor who
resides In this city, went to Tlburon.
where Keane purchased a sloop. There
was gome delay In getting the boat rigged
and it was 10 o'clock at night before tfi«
men started for Oakland Creek. They
were well out In the bay before It was
discovered that the center board would
not work. The boat answered her helm
badly, but Keane decided to make ths at.
tempt to cross the bay. as he had sailed
it many times before.
The mouth of Oakland Creek waa
reached at about 1:30 Thursday mornlnjr,
but It was found Impossible to get in.
owing to the strong tide running out.
Keane and St. Sure decided to put back
and they were carried rapidly across the
bay by the wind and ebbing water. Dur
ing the night an anchorage was secured,
the men were not positive where, but
since then they have concluded that It
must have been near Mission Rock.
Drift Out WMle Sleeping-.
Keane and his companion -were tired
out by the night's sail and dropped to
sleep In the bottom of the boat. In the
night the anchor dragged and when tha
men awoke the boat was past Fort Point
and still going rapidly to sea. The sail
was hoisted In hopes of holding against
the tide, but the wind was light and tha
boat refused to answer her helm.
At Point Bonlta the men shouted them
selves hoarse and fired all their ammuni
tion in an effort to attract attention, but
to no avail. A fisherman passed close
to them but refused to heed their cries.
Boats came and went, hut their signals
of distress were unnoticed.
AH day and the next night the boat
drifted about. The men became frantlo
from want of food and more especially
water and through the terror of their
situation.
Late yesterday a lone fisherman In a
gasoline launch beard their faint outcrle*.
He was unable to aid them, owing to a
short supply of gasoline, but promised to
report them at Goat Island. Fortunately
the weather was clear and the Govern
ment launch had but little difficulty la
locating them. The sloop was towed to
the Oakland mole, where the men were
landed, exhausted from their trying ex
perience.
Discharge Their Shotguns.
The rescued men were given food and
drink before being started for their
homes. They were completely collapsed
and feel yet the severe effects of the
desperate fight for life. St. Sure said to
day:
We had glren IP k°D« entirely when that
flshlng-boat picked us up. It seemed as If days
passed before th« launch overhauled ua. With
out food or water and shelterless from the cold
wind. It seemed as If we would perish, miser
ably within sight of land.
We had shotguns with us, but after discharg
ing every shell we had Ineffectually we gave
up hope of arousing any ono to our desperate
plight.
I wouldn't underro the experience again fa*
all of the boats on the bay. -
Keane has a family that had become
distracted because of his long and unex
plained absence. "When he appeared at
home there was great rejoicing there.
Extensive experiments In the smelting
of ore by electricity are being mad© at
Brescia, In Italy. The process 13 tha In
vention of Captain Stassano of Rome.
3536
YEAR'S OUTPUT
WILL BE LARGE
Mines of State Promise
'Satisfactory Record
of Increase
Dredgers Add Much to the
Total of Yellow Metal
Produced. ■
The mining men are speculating con
cerning the output of the mines of Cali
fornia during the past year. State Min
eralogist Aubury says that it will be
s^r.ir.e months before the facts can be fully
learned. He is of the opinion that the
output of minerals will be much larger
than it was last year, although" lie does
not wish to hazard a guess as to the ex
tent of the increase. Probably it will
amount to not less than f2,<m.<X.W. This is
ihe general opinion of many who are
versed in the work of the year in this
State. 'J he dredgers have added to the
gold output very largely. The situation
at home, among the miners, is one for
satisfaction. More capital is looking ■ this
way than for a long time previous. Sci
entific work is finding values in ground
that has been supposed to be worked out.
I'.Ilning operations In Amador County
are actively progressing. The Defender
mine has been unwatered to the 390-foot
level and sinking has been resumed. .At
the Mitchell mine there are ten stamps
running to the full capacity. The Tua
cano mine is being opened up by the
Amadcr-Phoenix Company, which will
begin to mill as soon as the mill is up and
a tramway from the shaft to the mill has
been completed. A new shaft Is down
140 feet. The Standard Electric Company
will be operating In about two months.
Connection has been made between the
Tabeaud reservoir and the river, and the
Page dam has been completed. All that
lerr.alns to be done before operations by
the electric company can begin is the
completion of the pipe lines from Page's
dam to the river. The company has 500J
inches of water and a head of about 1M0
ieet. Twenty men are grading on the
Finch ranch, near Forest Home, and put
ting up a mill which will be operated
witli petroleum fuel. The Cranmer broth
ers have started up their mill near Dry
town.
The Mining and Scientific Press reports
that a strike of ore running $48 to the
ton is rumored in connection with the
Gold Hill mine near Angels Camp.
Philadelphians Mining.
' A Philadelphia company Is developing
the Belle mine la Mono County, near
Benton. The Golden Gate mine near
Urid^eport has started up with a three
sianip mill, v.-ith considerable ore in
sight.
Extensive improvements are planned
for the Harvard mine near Jamestown,
in Tuolumne County. Woodruff & St.
C'lair, to whom the Mount Lily mine near
Columbia has been bonded, have started
up. The Cracker Jack mine near Colum
bia has made a shipment of bullion. A
five-stamp mill has been removed from
Kzglz Creek and set up at the Contention
mine. One hundred acres of land, consti
tuting 1 what is known as the Springfield
Tunnel Company's placer claim on Table
Mountain, west from Columbia, has been
bonded to A. L. Homer of Alameda for
twelve months, the option being for
$18,000.
L. F. Montcagle. C. Paige. A. R. Pews
and F. W. Mahler of San Francisco are
the directors of the Deadwood Mining
Company, which is about to put up a
hydraulic plant at Deadwood Creek, in
Sisklyou County, near Yreka. The John
Quincy mine at Oro Flno, Sisklyou Coun
ty, has resumed operations. This Is a
placer proposition. The McKeene mine
has also been started up. A shaft 200 feet
deep will be put down at th© Red Bird
quartz mino near Yreka.
Dillon & Son are developing the 16 to 1
quartz mine at Washington, Nevada
County. Operations are going on at " the
Eclipse mine at Gold Flat, near Nevada
City.
Operations at the Blackjack mine In
El Dorado County, at Centerville, have
been suspended for the winter season.
Heavier machinery will be Installed In
the spring at the elate quarry at Placer-
Yille.
In Calaveras County.
The Calaveras Citizen says:
The California Ophlr mine Is In financial
trouble. During- the week attachments aggre
gating over $10,000 have been placed on the
property. The mine was dosed Sunday, all the
men except one shift being laid off. The parties
sttachingr are the Angels Iron Works. Manuel
Estate Company and J. K. Dorroh, and the
amount claimed Is for machinery, lumber and
supplies. The Bluejay mine at Jesua Maria,
owned by George "W. Brown of. Boston, will
probably be operated very shortly. The com
pany operating the Lancell mine near Buckeye
has secured an extension of time on the prop
erty and work has been resumed after a short
stop. Thirty men are e.t present employed by
the Fannie Marls Mining and Milling Company
of Glencoe. The Buenv Vista Copper Mining
Company is making progress. The boarding
house Is completed, other necessary buildings
are goine up. sheds for the machinery and hoist
are about done and toe road Is graded.
The old Texas mine In Marlposa County,
near Princeton, ■will be worked by John
Jackson, Bert McFadden and others, who
have taken a bond upon it.
Workmen are developing the Lucky Bill
mine in Madera County. The Mud Springs
mine is reported to be preparing to run
early the coming year.
Albert Read and others are developing
the travel mine at Buckeye Hill. Sierra
County. Harrison Appel is developing the
Mariposa mine near Allegheny.
The Pacific Coast Miner says concern
ing developments in Placer County:
Rettaberln* of the snafu and other work ia
belce ficne at the Oold Blossom mine at Ophir
preparatory to developing the xnloe on a large
scale. The new ten-stamp mill Is now being
Installed at the Rawhide mine, situated four
mile* from Blue Canyon on Texas Rldre. The
three-Bt&mp mill already In use will be kept
running ■teadily until the large mill. is ready
to start up. The new mill will have a" capacity
« f th , 1 . I triJ I « ta twenty-four hours and will be
supplied with four concentrator*. The new elec
tz-fo light plant at th« Three Btars mine In the
Ophlr district has been installed. The railroad
on which cars are to b« utilized for hauling
ore to the mill at the mine from the Bowman
a rJ2L Bi V lfts li • ilao «t reaay tor operation.
An electrlo locomotive of fifty horsepower, pro
pelled by a 250-volt circuit, will furnish the
m^f°J cf i ran , E l > ort*tlon. Forty men are em
ployed, and when the mine is In full operation
at least a hundred men will be required A
ten-etaisn mill has been placed in position, and
l«- t v! *v pe ?i. e<1 that « v erythlng will be in full
swing by the new year.
Arizona Mines Bought.
♦ vPSr 1 *?. Herald reports that
f=t£ Ua v£} 1< £ Company has bought the
fanaou* Wlckersham mlnea in Arizona,
WhIcn *££ loCAt^ to the HuacbucaMoun:
tains. There are twenty-two full mining
claims Jn tie Wickersham holdings.
*,. ♦ 7^ eka J . 0UTn&l sa y» that a conglom
erate ledge of quartz and base rock has
f2?i?^ a 1 I^SS Creek tha * ls «™
feet wide. A. B. Hathaway has discov
ered a ledge at Cherry Creek, according
to the same authority. The Plna Grovf
mine at Buckeye Bar will 800 n le ™ e !
££& ¥■ hi* town impossible to do much
raining in the email placer claims In Bis
kiyou County lately because the cold
weather has froren tip the water sunnlv
to the small ditches the Journal sayso?
the mining men in Biskiyou:
The mining men an now devoting much at
tention to base rock at well as eSarU : ledm
some of which eeems to be Quite isvaluabli
as quart*, especially where decomposed SSartT
porphyry and other minerals are visible Iii
many daces email stringers of quartz like
n? m8^i he T k 4 ve proven v *l"able by run
ning both rock and quartz through the mills
or working up the mixture by the smelter pro
cess or in cyanide plants. There ls a v»«t
amount of this conglomerate In various sec
tions of our county, which by development mav
also open up extensive <juartx ledges deep down
beneath the surface.
The Redding Searchlight says:
Jerome p. Child* and not Captain DeLainar
has bonded the big copper mine at Joe Creek, in
£isk!you County, near the Oregon line, on the
west side of Eiskiyou Mountain. Childs took a
twenty-day ostlon. but later secured a longer
option, and is now examining the property, it
Is known as the Blue Ledge mine, and thf>
most accessible route is from Medford anj
Jacksonville, Or., across the California bound
ary, over the divide west of the railroad, the
mine being thirty miles south of Jacksonville.
It can also be reached from the south in prob
ably less distance either by Horse Creek, near
Oak Bar. this county, or by the road from
Treka. via Qulcley's, to the head of the
streams running southward to Klamath River.
AS TOLD IN THE ANTE-ROOMS ON LODGES
/~"">v' NE of the proudest men in the
/^TVvA Ancient Order of United
([ \\ \) Workmen at this time ls R, F.
l\ \\ 1/ Mackenzie of Sts. Johns
\^»a\< Lodge, he* having been award
-^ ed the diamond medal of honor
offered by the Grand Lodge tl
this State for securing the greatest num
ber of members initiated between the f'.rst
of last September and the 28th of October,
the anniversary of the order. Mr. Mac-,
kenzie, who is comparatively a new mem
ber In that lodge, started in with a deter
mination to make a record, and he d!<*,,
by having initiated into his lodge within
the dates named tweflty-two tstrangers,
and tor having done this Grand Recorder
Spencer, on behalf of the Grand Lodge,
presented -to and pinned upon his breast
tho medal that so many were anxious to
secure. In accepting the honor, which is
an emblematic medal set with diamunis,
be stated -that the fact that he had dbi.e
well in the past would not cause him to
relax his eftorts, but that he would con
tinue to work for the lodge, and the, fact
that he was the medal winner would -spur
him on tn greater efforts.
*J he entertainment that was given in
Odd Fellows' Hall on the night of the 18th
inst.. under the auspices of the Grand
lxjdge., was well attended and was a most
ci.joyab.la affair. The programme was an
'excellent one and the dance programme
wv;ll arranged.
Grand Recorder Spencer left for Chicago
on the 21st to attend a session of the Su
preme Lodge committee. He will return
about the 15th of January.
Eastern Star.
A beautiful Installation of officers during
the past week was that of King Solomon
Chapter of the Order of the Eastern Star.
in Franklin Hall on the night of the 18th
Irfct. The hall was decorated with bunt-
Ing, flags, flowers and ferns with artistic
taste and was a beautiful scene, which
was added to w y hen the pretty ladies who
vere to be Installed tooK their respective
stations. The attendance was very large,
showing that the membership has a great
circle of friends. Mrs. N. Annette Wood,
the retiring matron, was the Installing of
ficer and her marshal was Mrs. Alice
Frances Hlckey, associate grand conduc
tress, both of whom performed their work
with an ease and grace that was admir
able. The new officers are: Linea Lincoln
Baehr, matron; Fred Burrage Wood, pa
tron; Sophie Athearn, associate matron;
Alma Elizabeth Bottomley, secretary;
Virginia Isabel Bottomley, treasurer;
Fannie M. Franklin, conductress; Jane
Dawson, associate conductress; N. Wolp
man, .Adah; Maria Katz, Ruth; Olive
Wood," Esther; Louise Nllson. Martha;
Emma Cogdon, 'Electa; Ida B. Spence,
warder; Mary Hammond Lewis, sentinel;
Ira 8. Hobbs, chaplain; Jennie Cava
naugh, marshal, and Bertha Ann Ilobro,
organist. The work of the evening was
follcwed by the presentation of a beauti
ful diamond-set flve-pointed star to ' the
retiring matron, Mrs. Wood; of a fine cane
to the retiring* patron, Harry Baehr; a cut
glass bonbonlere to Past Matron Mrs. A.
M. Blade; a five-pointed stick pin by tho
retiring matron to each point of the star
tliat served under her; then the presenta
tion of a costly Bohemian glass vase each
to Mrs. Nellie A. Darling and Miss Flor
erce Perkins for having sung during cere
monies in the past year. Bunches of
sweet flowers were presented to Grand
Matron Mrs. Clara A. Giberson and to the
acting marshal, Mrs. Hickey. There were
addresses by John H. Gray, who during
the evening acted as chaplain, Frank
Gould, the grand matron and others. The
music of the evening was by Clarence T.
Wendell, Nellio A. Darling, Florence Per
kins. Charlotte Morris and H. A. Faille,
while Mrs. L. Newman presided at the
piano. After the Installation there was
a Bhort programme.
The Druidic Order.
Norma Grove, TJ. A. O. D., at Its last
held meeting, conferred the ovates degree
on two strangers. This, one of the small
est groves, numerically speaking, is tak
ing on a new lease of life and promises
to make some of the larger ones look to
their laurels. ".
Noble Grand Arch Godeau and Grand
Secretary Martinonl have returned from
a series of official visitations. On the 7th
Inst. they were with Solano Grove at
Kairfleld, where, after the routine busi
ness, there was an open, meeting, which
was attended by more than two hundred
persons, who were interested in Druidlsm.
There were addresses by the visiting
grand officers and then a ball, which did
not close until 3 o'clock in the morning.
This event was in honor of the grand
officers and was conducted under the di
rection of H. A. Miller and Anderson
Brooks.
Tfrese officers were with Acorian Grove
in Sacramento the following afternoon,
where they found A. M. Armstrong,
grand trustee; Past Arch L. A. Wolff of
the Druids' Magazine, A. Meyer, William
Perry, Marco Zarich and A. Duarto
awaiting them. After" a review of the
work and addresses by the visitors tho
speech of the evening was made by Con
ductor William Gloria, who addressed
the meeting in English and then spoke in
the Portuguese language on Druidlsm and
fraternity. The visitors also visited Sac
ramento Grove, being - accompanied by
Thomas and Joseph Santos, "William
Gloria, J. Lewis ind J. Qulllcl of Stock
ton. The hall was crowded with Sacra
mento Druids. One stranger was ini
tiated, the grand secretary acting as
noble arch. After a number of addresses
by the grand officers and members of the
order there was a banquet. The follow
ing night the grand officers visited Wal
halla Grove of the capital city. There
was also a large attendance there and in
teresting 1 addresses were made by the
grand officers and others. All the Sacra
mento groves it was clearly shown are in
active work at this time.
On the 10th inst. the grand officers vis
ited California and El Dorado groves in
Placerville, and two candidates were ini
tiated by the grand . secretary, acting- as
noble arch, and the noble grand arch
as vice arch. After the official work
there was a banquet at the Ohio House.
The balloon social that was given last
week by Olympla Grove in the Druldlc
Temple, at Fourteenth and • Folsom
streets, was well attended and was a very
successful function. There was dancing
until a late'hour. The event of the even
ing was the balloon ascension, shortly
after 10 o'clock, which was provocative
of much laughter.
-On the night of the 20th Inst Noble
Grand Arch Godeau paid a visit to Laurel
Grove, and was accompanied by many
members of the Past Arches' Associa
tion. There was a goodly number of
members of the grove present and the
evening was a pleasant and profitable one.
After the meeting the visitors were well
entertained, and there were a number of
addresses for the good of the order.
McKInley Grove at its meeting on the
night of the 13th Inst. Initiated several
strangers and conferred the second degree
on a large class. On the 20th another
class of strangers was admitted by initia
tion, and the third degree was conferred
In fine style by the officers on a class of
elipibles. ,. |
This afternoon the Past Arch Associa
tion, of which A, M. Armstrong ls presi
dent and James ■ Frank Martinonl secre
tary, will hold a meeting for the purpose
of acting on an amendment to the consti
tution to change the time of meeting from
the last Sunday afternoon In each month
to the fourth Monday night in the month.
Knights of Honor.
Terba Buena Lodge of the Knights of
Honor has arranged for the installation
of its officers, which event will be fol
lowed by an installation banquet, which
will be got up under the : direction of
Sir Knights Crowe and Purdy. This is to
bo for members only/
Liberty Lodge ls making arrangements
for an entertainment In the near future,
the date of which will be announced later.
■ Norman Lodge ■ will install its officers
on the night of the 7th of January ana,
the ceremony will 'be followed by a ban
quet, t
Germanla Lodge will have an enter
tainment on the night of the 7th of Jan
uary and the officers will be installed on
the 14th. -
Saxon Lodee at its last held meeting
added two to its roll of membership by
initiation, and on the 7th of January- it
will receive the membership of Charter
Oak Lodge by consolidation.
Leland Stanford Lodge initiated two
strangers at Its last held meeting.
Fraternal Order of Eagles.
At the meeting of Golden Gate Aerie of
the Fraternal Order of Eagles on the 9th
Inst. two candidates were Initiated and
- ■ r :••-,■■. •■- . : . , .:
THE SAN '.-FRAJSCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1901.
eighteen applications were presented and
referred to appropriate committees. This
aerie now has 251 members, with eighty
seven applications on the secretary's
desk. Among the visitors were: H. Fro
lich. president of the Hot Springs Aerie;
C. S. Curling of Portland. S. Blake of
Salina, E. LIpman of Newark, William
Morris of- Skagway,- Samuel Leiser. Wil
liam Kenny and J. J. Silvey of San Fraa
cisco Aerie.
Knights of Pythias.
On the night of the . 10th inst. Unity
Lodge tendered a reception In the Pythian
Castle to a number of the members who
were recently married.' There were about
150 members, and guests present, who en-
Joyed an evening of dancing, after which
there was a banquet, -when there were re
sponses to toasts by Chance'lor Command
er J. R. Stokes, S. W. Powell and George
Lang. The affair was under the super
vision of a committee composed of George
Lang, J. J. Lacombe, J. A. Fontanel, Al
bert Stokes, J. A. Keene, E. St. Cliff, "W.
A. Stevens and F. Haubridge, assisted by
the following named ladles of the Rath
bone Sisters: Mesdames Welch, Sutllff,
O'Brien, Schofield and Weir. On the 12th
inst. this lodge conferred the rank of
esquire upon Albert Mack.
A new company of the uniform rank
was mustered in at Bakersfleld on the
21st inst.
Past Grand Chancellor McKeon of Colo
rado has come to California and taken up
his residence In Los Angeles.
pirlgo Lodge of Oakland, which was In
stituted last July, has a membership of
167. The lodge instituted in Rocklin in
August has now fifty names on its roll of
membership.
The Odd Fellows.
The great event in local Odd Fellowship
last week was the installation of a class
of candidates for the first degree in Yerba
Buena Lodge on last Thursday night by
a team composed exclusively of post
grands. The team was made up of G. L.
Perham, noble grand; Edward Schwerln,
vice grand; Daniel Burns, past grand;
Thomas B. Upton, warden; Charles A.
Wisewell, conductor; John A. Foster, out
side conductor; Charles A. Stahle, right,
and John A. Ohlsen, left supporter to the
noble grand; John S. Reed, right, and L.
L. Alexander, left suporter to the vice
grand; E. 8. Harrison, inside guard; B.
F. Wellington, right, and W. I. Crosett,'
left scene sujjporter; L.- C. "Louderback ; G.
W. Loughley, H. F. Neunaber, S. J. Hey
wood, A. D. Cheshire and L. E. James,
standard bearers. Each one was selected
for his station wjth a 'view to have the
work done in a perfect manner, and it
■was. the memorized ritualistic and floor
work being exceedingly correct The ef
forts of the past grands were applaudeu
to the echo by the many members of the
order who. were present, including the
grand master and tho grand secretary.
There was a meeting of the board of
trustees of the Odd Fellows' Home at
Thermolito last week and after routine
business there was an inspection of the
premises. All was found in good condi
tion. The trustees were accompanied by
Assistant Grand Secretary Major Clifford.
•Cosmopolitan Lodge, I. O. O. F., cele
brated the thirtieth anniversary of Its in
stitution by a select entertainment and a
dance in Odd Fellows' Hall on the night
of the 14th Inst. For the entertainment of
the many who were present there -was
presented the following programme:
Overture, orchestra; remarks, L. G. Schord;
duet for horn and flute, "Serenade," Titl., H.
L. Todd 'and J. L. Burris: soprano solo (se
lected). Miss Btta M. Welsh; address, Wil
liam Nlcholla Jr., Brand master; ths popular
barytone, Joseph Fisher; "Si' Tu Maimais,"
Madame Adrlenne;."The Man In Red," "Billy"
Brackett; bass solo, Charles D. Reid.
Louis O. Schord, who was chairman of
the evening and made an introductory ad
dress, was the first noble grand of the
lodge. The several numbers were all first
class and after the programme there came
the dancing. The affair vas under the
direction of the following named:
Reception committee — Paul B. Arndt, chair
man ; W. L. Meuser, W; W. Peck, B.- Maglnnls
B. O. Denniston. J. M. Wllllston. A. Morris C*
T. 8pencer, J. A. Larkins, J. J. Loggle, A. H.
Cousins. • ■ ;■ .
Floor director— T. P. Jarvls; assistant, E.
Drysellus. , '
Floor committee— A. H. Behm, ' N. Chamber
lain. O. R. Drever, J. P. Hundrup, William
Lehrke. ■■--■■
The Rebekalis.
On the night of the 16th inst. Prospect
Hall in the Odd ' Fellows' building was
crowded to its limit with an audience that
came to be entertained by Loyal RebekaH
Lodge. Roy A. Daniels acted as master of
ceremonies and presented an Interesting
programme, prepared by a committee of
which the noble grand-elect, Ella R,
Bourne, was chairman. The features were
piano recitals by Professor Martinez, vo
cal selections by Edith Woodrum, clever
sleight of hand performance by "Profes
sor S. R. Jacobs, delsarte exhibition by
a class of young ladies taught by: Sister
Mansfield, the movements being expres
sive of the poeiti, "Make Me a Child
Again." This was a very pleasing presen
tation. This was followed by dancing and
the disposition of small plum puddings for
the good of the lodge. . . •:•. <->
Amity Rebekah Lodge has arranged for
THE MEMBER OF STS. JOHN'S
LODGE WHO WON THE DIA
MOND MEDAL OF HONOR.
a grand open meeting on # the night of the
28th Inst. This Is a complimentary affair
to all who feel an interest in Rebekah so
cials. Under the direction of a commit
tee of which Mrs. John W. Coggins is
chairman a pleasing programme, Includ
ing vocal and Instrumental selections,
recitations, and an exhibition of physical
culture will be presented.
The reception that was tendered on the
night of the 14th inst. to District Deputy
President Mrs. Floy C. Urquhart and the
members of her staff by Mission Rebekah
Lodge was a most pleasant event. There
was a large number of members of the
order present and the guests of honor
were given the glad hand of fraternity in
a manner that has seldom been equaled
In this city. During the evening the fol
lowing named ladies, under the leadership
of Mrs. Oliva Pollock gave a very pretty
fan drill: Misses Gertrude Wimmer, Liz
zie Bahr, Lnura Hughes, Grace Hortop,
Kittle Pool, Parthenla Burkhardt, Emma
Arason ana r Edith Hextrum. and Mes
dames Jackson, Sullivan, Minnie Robin-
son and Emily Knorph. After the cere
monies in the lodge room there was a
banquet at which -there, were .nearly, a
hundred present. Past Grand Master Wat
son presided and, in his happy manner,
after having made a short address, called
on several to speak for the good of the
order. The speakers were. Grand Master
NJcholls. Mrs. Jensen, warden of the Cali
fornia Assembly; Mrs. Mary E. Donoho,
secretary of the assembly; District Dep
uty Mrs. Urquhart, who read an original
poem on the members of her staff; Ernest
C. Stock, who was presented as the friend
of the Odd Fellows and Rebekahs, and
Past Grand Smith.
Woodcraft.
R. F. Wells, organizer for the Woodmen
of the World, has organized Auburn
Camp at Auburn, Placer County, with
twenty-six charter members. The officers
are: Judge J. E. Prewett, P. C. C; J. G.
McLaughlin, C. C; F. A. Taylor Jr., A.
L.; J. A. Predum, C; A. E. Futhey, B.;
O. A. Kenkle. E.; R. A. Houck, I. W.;
S. E. Flink, S.: Drs. Cature and White,
physicians. This camp starts with very
bright prospects.
Head Consul Falkenberg will visit this
city about the middle of next February.
All the local camps are making arrange
ments to tender him a reception befitting
his position in the order.
The, local camps are making arrange
ments for the installation of their officers.
The meeting of Redwood Circle of the
Women of Woodcraft will be held during
the holiday season on Monday, the 23d,
and Monday, the 30th, instead of the 24th
and 31st inst. The installation of the new
officers will be on the 7th of January,
when there will be a social hour after ths
ceremony.
At the last held meeting of Golden Gate
Camp two strangers received the degree,
increasing the membership to 1610. Seven
candidates were elected to fellowship and
two applications were received. On the
I5th inst. this camp unveiled monuments
that have been placed over the remains
of late neighbors — James Anderson, Henry
Heinz and James J. Daly. Thomas J.
Barry officiated as consul commander at
each crave and J. "W. Stanert was the
master of ceremonies. At Cypress Lawn
Cemetery the oration was by Neighbor
Franklin I* Lane,
John Slack Patterson, chairman of the
entertainment committee of Golden Gate
Camp, and his fellow cornmltteemen are
arranging for a grand ball to be given in
Native Sons' Hall in the last week in Jan
uary. This ls to be made the camp's
great winter social event.
Kedmanship.
During the past two weeks Great Sa
chem. Boyes and Great Chief of Records
Bliss were absent on a number of official
visits to tribes of the Improved Order of
Red Men. During that time they offi
cially visited the tribes at Auburn, Dutch
Flat, Newcastle, Grass Valley, Nevada
City, Oak Park, Sacramento and Wood
land. At each place they found a credi
table showing of members and all the
tribes manifested a great deal of enthu
siasm In the work of the order. They
were received with all the honors that
their status command, and were treated
with a great -deal of hospitality after
each council fire was quenched. The great
sachem was accompanied by his wife and
daughter at Auburn, Dutch Flat and Ne
vada City.
. On the night of the 17th Inst. the great
chiefs named were In this city, when
they," together with Great Junior Saga
more Roche, Instituted a new tribe In
Mowry's Hail with fifty charter members.
It has been named Mohican and numbers
119. The champion team of Pocahontas
Tribe conferred the adoption degree and
the warrior and chief's degree we're con
ferred by the team, of Bald Eagle Tribe.
■ Great Representative Henry A. • Chase
has returned to this city after an ab
sence of several weeks in his native State
Maryland. He looks very much > Im
proved. ■ ■• '
In the early part of January there will
be a public raising up of the chiefs of
all the local councils of the Degree of
Pocahontas . In Union Square Hall. The
ceremony will be conducted by Great Po
cahontas Mina Rew, assisted by the dis
trict deputies. ■
Potomac Council, D. of P., had a pleas
ant Christmas tree party in the Shiels
building and presents. were distributed fo
all who attended. There was dancing un
til a late hour. The function was con
ducted by Alice Province, Mrs. L.. Haw
thorne, Miss M. Sharkey, Mrs. Foster and
F. Plerson. ,•
On the 21st lust Modoc Tribe had a
great Christmas tree party in the Post
street wigwam. There was a good pro
gramme of entertainment, dancing ana
the distribution of many gifts from the
tree. '
Yosemite Tribe No. 103 of the Im
proved Order of Red Men will give its
second anniversary ball in January, on
which occasion new features will be in
troduced in the line of decorations. This
function, which the tribe expects to make
the mest delightful that has ever been
got up under its auspices, will be under
the direction of C. T. Cranz, C. Quendens,
W. Goldman. George H. Stein and Emilio
Lastreto. Sachem-elect C. T. Cranz has
declared that he will do all that it is pos
sible for a man to do to make his term
a success numerically, financially and so
cially.
Native Daughters.
Grand Secretary Miss Laura J. Frakes
left on the 21st inst. for Sutter Creek to
spend the holiday season in her old home
with the members of her family. During
her absence Mrs. Hanna Bailey of Darlna
Parlor .will, as her assistant, discharge
the duties of the grand secretary.
During the past week the following
named visited the office of the grand sec
retary: Mrs. Mary Laroche, Yosemite
Parlor; Mrs. C. K. Thompson. La Estrel
la Parlor: Mrs. W. H. O'Brien. Pinole
Parlor; Mrs. Genevieve W. Baker, grani
president; Miss Clara Faulkner and Mrs.
Allan Ross of Alta Parlor; Mrs. Celia
Kahn and Mrs. Mary Methey of Oakdale
Parlor, and Mrs. Frank Dyer of Ursula
Parlor.
Mrs. Eva Schrlner of Oneonta Parlor
was the special guest of the grand secre
tary during the week and during that time
she and the grand secretary were the
guests of Yosemite Parlor. That evening
there was a pleasant session, followed by
a most enjoyable time.
Las Lomas Parlor had a pleasant at
home last week that was attended by
many members of the order and friends.
The Native Sons.
Nlantic Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West will hold its anniver
sary banquet on Saturday, the 28th v inst.
A feature .of the banquet this year will
be a reception tendered to four of Its
members who at the last held election
were chosen to till public office. These are
Eugene E. Schmitz, Lewis F. Byington,
John A. Lynch and A. B. Mahony.
Order of Americus.
San Francisco Council No. 14 of the Or
der of Amerlcus celebrated the third an
niversary of Its organization by an enter
tainment and a dance In the assembly
hall of the Pioneers' building on the night
of the 17th inst. There was an audience
that filled the hall and the entertainment
was a most pleasing one, made up of the
following numbers:
Overture, orchestra; fancy dancing. Miss Lol
Underwood; operatic selections, "Bohemian
Girl." Professor W Clarkson's Mandolin and
Guitar Club: original specialties, George Dale
and Uose McDonald; boxing exhibition, four
members of the Olympic Club, Al Ahorns, Sam
Borger Louis Richards. Dan Danzlger; tenor
solo, "Song of Triumph" (by request), Profes
sor Carlos N. Keller; address, Rev. Dr. J.
Nieto; ragtime specialty, Lawrence Spiro.
Then followed the dance. The affair
was under the direction of President John
Van Alen and the following committees:
Entertainment— Dr. E. W. Pratt (chair
man), I. Danziger, O. F. Hunt, A. A. Rus
sell, Walter Clarkson; reception— O. B.
King. E. A. Smith. A. M. Kenzie; floor
manager, A. A. Russell; aids— I. Danzlger,
S. A. Phillips and W. J. L. Yarrow.
National TJnion.
The high class entertainment that was
given on the 12th inst. In Odd Fellows'
Hall by the National Union Social and
Literary Club was a source of enjoyment
to the large audience that filled the hall.
The excellent programme was .well car
ried out and the address of James E.
Field, the chairman of the evening, was
well received. There was dancing until
midnight after the programme.
Pacific Council at its meeting on the
night of the 12th inst. admitted six stran
gers into the mysteries of the order by
initiation. . •
At the meeting of Golden Gate Council
on tho 10th Inst. one stranger .was Initi
ated, after which the election was held,
with the result already announced. Then
followed music by the Golden Gate Coun
cil quartet and a number of addresses by
members and visitors. •
Knights of the Maccabees.
The installation of the officers of San
Francisco Tent will be held on the first
Friday In January, on which occasion a
handsome Jewel will be presented to the
retiring commander. After the election
of officers on the night of the 6th inst.
there were addresses by a number of Sir
Knights, who dwelt upon the great
amount of work that has been done in
Maccabeeism during the past twelve
months.
Golden "West Tent will install its offi
cers for the ensuing term at the first re
view In January- The reports show that
this tent has been doing exceedingly well
during the past term and that It has fif
teen applications to act upon.
San Francisco Tent has appointed Sir
Knights Fred Wastler Jr., W. W. Thomp
son and Edward Jackson a committee to
arrange for the tent's Christmas tree so
cial to be given on the night of the 27th
inst. in the tent's meeting place in the
Pioneer building. All sir knights and
their families and friends will be wel
come to this festive occasion.
The Royal Arcanum.
The Grand Council of the Royal Ar
canum will meet in Los Angeles next
March, and it is announced that there
will be a great deal of Important. business
to come up for discussion.
Great preparations are being made by
Buena Vista Council for the grand ball
and entertainment that it will give In
Golden Gate Hall on the night of the
30th of January next. The committee in
charge promises that it will be a high
class function. At the last held meeting
of the council the membership was de
lightfully entertained by an address by
Grand Vice Regent Gus Gunzendorfer, who
in his characteristic style said much for
the good of the order. This was followed
by a game of progressive whist. Tho
Arcanum Whist Club is becoming a fea
ture In the circle of this order In this city.
The American Guild.
During the current month and January
San Francisco Chapter of the American
.Guild will meet at 1235 Market street. Ar
rangements are being made to hold an
anniversary party, the details of whioh
will be announced hereafter.
Foresters of America. ■
Court Junior Pride of California bas
appointed J. Llcht, I. Ahlman and Daniel
Kragen a committee to arrange for a
minstrel show to b/ given by members of
the court.
Sub-Chief Ranger- "Wolfe visited the
court In Stockton last week and was ac
corded a grand reception.
Court Oakland will on New Year's eve
have a grand entertainment and banquet.
Covers will be set for 200.
The officers of Court Hayes Valley will
be Installed in public in Pythian Castle
on the night of the 22d of January.
The Christmas number of the American
Forester Review, published by Jacob La
bel, is a brilliant number and contains
much of interest to the members of the
order. A feature is news of the order
printed in French and in Italian.
Nearly one hundred ladles and their es
corts attended the banquet that was given
on the night of the 19th Inst. by Court
Robin Hood ' No. 1, F. of A., in celebra
tion of the twenty-seventh anniversary
of its institution. It was a Jolly, merry
crowd that greatly enjoyed the supper,
also the music and talks. The chairman
of the evening was Daniel Teare, S. C.
R., assisted by F. A. Miller, P. C. R.; F.
C. Shillings. P. C. R. : F. W. Crowley, J.
W.', and E. D. Hensley. There were vocal
selections by Miss Lizzie Herzog, address
by Dr. Adams, songs by D. McNally,
Miss Cook and J. Murray and a recita
tion by Miss Wade, daughter of E, G.
Wade, one of the past chief rangers of
the court.
James A. Garfield Corps.
The fancy dress ball that was given in
Social Hall of the Alcazar building on the
night of the 17th inst. under the auspices
of James A. Garfield Corps No. 21 of the
Woman's Relief Corps, G. A. R., was a
very pleasing • affair. There -were many
present in pretty costumes and many In
odd- ones, which all served to make up a
charming picture while the dancers were
moving to the strains of the music. The
affair was conducted under the direction
of Floor Manager Dora H. Wilkins. as
sisted by Mrs. N. L. Sabins. Mrs. M. . t .
Moyce and Mrs. Caroline Dibble* .-. The
proceeds of the social will go to the fund
for the relief of disabled soldiers of the
Civil War.
"Daughters of St. George.
The recent Japanese - tea and bazaar
given Britannia Lodge of the Daughters
of St. George was a decided succes3.
Misses M. Symington. «F. Beauford. I*
Coglll and Mrs. E. Reid, attired as the
little maids of the Orient, presided over
the tea booth, and Mrs. Hewitt Schoen
feldt at the fancy booth. Mrsi L. bta
ples entertained by reading the balms of
the hands of the ladies who wanted to
know the fortunes of life; Mrs. Muhlner
and Mrs. Chalmers rendered a vocal duet,
and Mrs. E. Goss created much merriment
in the part of an auctioneer without a
license disposing of fancy work.
Woman's Clubs.
The color line, which has been occupy
ing the attention of the Woman's Clubs
from Massachusetts to California, came
up for discussion in the contemporary
club of this city at the last held meeting
in November, at which Mrs. F. Kendall,
the president, was in the chair. After a
protracted discussion on the proposition
of voting for or against the admission of
colored delegates to the national conven
tion a ballot was taken, resulting In a
majority vote in favor of admitting aucn
delegates.
Knights of the Goldca Eagle.
There Is a movement in the Knights of
the Golden Eagle In this city to secure a
hall where all the subordinates of the
order can meet, the same to be called the
Castle of the Knights of the Golden
Kagle. Deputy Supreme Chief George A.
McGowan, Past Grand Chiefs Samuel Mc-
Call and J. W. Van Hon and Fast Chiefs
J. W. Galbraith and C. H. Davis are
looking for suitable quarters.
On the 13th inst. the officers of San
Francisco Castle conferred the Pilgrim's
degree on a class of twenty-five stran
gers, the work being performed In a very
pleasing manner. This was followed by
a smoker arranged by C. H. Davis, T.
N. Ammann and H. L.. Wedel. who had
many good numbers on the programme
and some pleasant surprises for those
present. Perry de la Montanya, who had
a good assistant in Van Schreiner, kept
the audience in the best of humor all
night.
The institution of McKlnley Castle will
take place in January, shortly after the
Institution of Pacific Temple. Under the
direction of G. A. McGowan, D. S. C,
good work in the line of organizing has
been done by Dr. W. O. Wilcox, Henry
C. Schaertzer and Captain Frank I* Bell.
It is expected that at least one hundred
names will appear on the charter list.
The Institution of Pacific Temple will
be on the 14th of January, 'when George
B. Hanna, E. K. Hill. Samuel McCall
and P. E. Batturs will assist Deputy
Supreme Chief McGowan in the institu
tion ar.d the installation of the new offi
cers. In appreciation of services in the
work of organization A. Corrine Mc-
Gowan will be chosen past templar of
the new body; Mrs. H. Morrison, Mrs. S.
J. Kahn and. Mae Conroy will be candi
dates for noble templar; Mrs. Dr. South
ard aspires to be vice templar; Mrs. Oscar
Hocks. Mrs. Porter I*. Bliss and Mrs.
William M. Josephl want the office of
guardian of the exchequer, records and
finance respectively. For the office of
marshal of ceremonies there are named
Miss- Celia Mulhern. Miss Sadie Nagele
and Miss Minnie Thompson.
PAINTS WHEN A JURY
ACQUITS HER SISTER
Verdict Freeing Fair Bicycle Tnief
Brings Joy to a Los Angeles
v Miss.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 21.— As the fore
man of the jury In Judge Smith's court
to-day read the verdict which means free
dom to her sister Miss Nellie Wilson
fainted. The young woman, who is not
strong, had refused to eat during the last
two days because "she was worrying 1 re
garding her sister Lillian, whose trial for
taking two bicycles last fall began to-day.
To her friends' efforts Lillian owes her
freedom. The girl has Inherited insanity
from her mother, who died in an asylum.
The testimony showed that she ls rational
much of the time, but that she is not re
sponsible at other times. It was admitted
that she took a wheel belonging to Mrs.
E. F. Swelsy and made an effort to sell it.
The verdict, after the jury had been out
ten minutes, was: "Not guilty, by reason
of insanity."
Miss Wilson will be cared for by friends
in San Diego, where her father lives.
Drunken Negro Goes "Gunning."
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Dec. 21.— A special
from Bristol says a drunken negro shot
and fatally wounded Secretary and Treas
urer Dayton H. Miller of the big coal
mine at Toms Creek, in Wise County, Vir
ginia, and then turned his revolver on
Charles Williams, a company clerk, and
fatally shot him. It ls thought the negro
will be captured and threats of lynching
have been made.
Perishes on Sis East Hun.
TACOMA, Dec. 21.— The body of Joseph
.Kelly, the missing engineer of the west
bound freight train wrecked yesterday
near Weston, on the Northern Pacific,
was found buried under the wreckage to
day. He had orders to meet the east
bound freight at Weston, and the collision
occurred a half mile west of the station.
It was to have been his last run. He had
Intended to quit on Thursday, but was
persuaded to make another trip.
VALLEJO, Dec. 21. — The Concord, now at
Panama, has been ordered to Mare Island on
January 31, to go out of commission. Such
of her officers and men as are available are
to be transferred to tho 'Wheeling, which will
go into commission that day. .
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 21.— Hugh Coyle waa
arrested here to-day on a charge of grand lar
ceny. He ls accused by J. Steen of having:
shipped several carloads of stolen wood from
Eccles to Oakland and disposed of It there.
MNot a temporary, dangerous stimulant, - «
such as is produced by electric belts or
patent medicines, but a permanent \
restoration to health and strength. )
Dr. Meyers.* & Co. are the only physicians on the Pacific Coast who
cure diseases and weakness of men exclusively. Dr. Meyers & Co. con-
duct the largest Medical Institute and have the most extensive practice
in the world.
Almost every man on the coast has heard of Dr. Meyers & Co. and
what they have accomplished. They are the reliable, the oldest and most
successful specialists. They are almost daify consulted by other physi-
cians. Their knowledge and ability to master the diseases of men have
given them pre-eminence in this field of medicme.
They avoid the use of all mineral, poisonous or dangerous druars and
electric belts. All their remedies are carefully compounded from the ex- (
tract of buds, bark, berries, gums, roots, Jeaves, plants, etc.. in their
private; laboratory, without cost to their patients.
Their treatment tdve3 vim, vigor and vitality to the weak, whether
old or younpr. regardless of the cause of their trouble f
NO MONEY REQUIRED IN ADVANCE.
As a guarantee, DR. MEYERS & CO. will let their patients deposit th« I
price of a cure in any bank in San Francisco, to b© paid after he is entlrMv
well. If It is not convenient to do this, payments may be made in momh v
Installments. It requires confidence backed by ability^to makeWrh ™ "L , '
mak^^^prorii^? 11^ 6 * ° n thie^a&Sf any^e
DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 SSTSSssT
-? • !./-«:-;.-. .Hours— Daily, 9 co 4; Sundays, » to U.
COMBINE GETS
MUCH SUPPORT
Associated Kern Oil Men
Are Ready to Pool
Score of Organizations Vote
in Favor of Great
DaaL
The Daily Calif ornian, published at
Bakersfield, which is the center of the oil
industry, concedes that the recent action
of the Chicago Crude. Aztec, Central Point
Consolidated and Toltec oil companies fur
nishes a good indication of the future suc
cess of the Associated Oil Company. .The
stockholders of these, four corporatiTTfa
unanimously voted to cast their lot with
the Associated Oil Company. Tha Califor
nian is in a good position to know what ia
going on among- the producing: oil com
panies of the Kern River district. As
other important companies are taking th.3
same course, through their stockholders,
as the four companies named in the fore
going the impression 13 not confined to
Bakersfield that a way haa been finally
found to insure united action among those
who are most directly concerned in the
ultimate outcome of the negotiation*
that have been goings on for some month*.
When the plans of tho Associated OU
Company were originally given exclusive
publication in The Call on the day follow
ing the filing cf the articles of incorpora
tion of that company, Henry Ach said In
an interview that there were about thirty
companies that were expected to Join tha
combine. The total number Joining to
date ls two-thirds of the total expected.
Orders Many Tank Cars.
The National Oil Reporter say3:
One of the larcest single orders ever elven
out for oil tank cars to handle part o{ tha
crude oil output of Beaumont waa placed ia
St. Louis a month ago, the contract calling
for BOO cars having 1 a capacity oC 200 barrel*
each. Since the original order waa Kiven.
however, it has become necessary *0r It to b»
duplicated, and the company giving the order
writes that the last 500 cars will have a
capacity of 300 barrels each. Arrangements
are being perfected with the railroad com
panies to run these cars in solid trains between
Beaumont and St. Louis. The first allotment
of cars will be delivered within the next tea
or fifteen days. *nd the whole order for lOfiO
cars will be completed by April 1. Tbi« uac*|p
taking is in line with what seems to be Tr.a
policy wilich is to be pursued in several cases
in the Beaumont field, viz., the construction
of their own cars for oil-operatins companies.
But the cars are by no means to be the only
means of oil transportation. It is announced
that one company, which is to establish a big
refining and reduction plant at Orange. Tei.,
will pipe its oil from Eeaumont and will hav»
tankage for 25,000,000 gallons of oil. Another
company proposes to builii a pipe line to a
point near Galveston, where the oil will ba
placed upon tank steamers. Another corpora
tion, the Beaumont Oil Transportation Com
pany, has already secured five vessels of 30.000
barrels capacity each to transport oil from
Galveston and Beaumont to points along the
North Atlantic coast.
No Price for Oil Fixed.
The Los Angeles Ilerald reports that the
Los Ang-eles oil producers, in conference.
have decided that it would r.ot be advis
able to fix any stated price for oil at this
time. The Herald says:
From statistics that were presented the fact
was gleaned that the output of the Lcs An
geles field approached 9O.C0O barrels a month,
and that the consumption is about 65.0CO bar
rels a month, making an average of about 1000
barrels a day in excess of production. This
surplus ls being stored in tanks by de
livery or stored in tanks In the various
parts of the field. Reports from other oil
fields also showed that production was not de-
Creasing and that many new wells in the
eastern end of the field were producing oil
that was up to the average formerly reported.
Operations in the Upper ilattole district.^
Humboldt County, have stopped. Tli^
drillers of the hole for the Hoagland well
state to the Ferndale Enterprise that tha
well has been abandoned. After the drill
had reached the depth of 2000 feet it wa3
Impossible to proceed farther for the rea
son that there was continual caving at
the bottom of the hole.
JAPANESE OFFICEBS
Wllili TEACH CHINESE
Mikado's Skillful Fighters Are En
gaged to Enlighten an Old-
Time Enemy.
PEKING, Dec a.— Yuan Shi Kai, th«
new Viceroy of Chill, has engaged Japan
ese officers to train the Chinese army. As
a result of General Fukushlma's visit to
the southern Viceroys last summer a
party of Japanese officers joined Yuan Shi
Kai at Paotlng-Fu yesterday. These offi
cers wore Chinese clothe3.
The Government of Japan has offered to
detail a Japanese General to reorganize
the Chinese army. Yuan Shi Kai is using
his influence with the Chinese officials in
favor of accepting Japanese tutelage.
According to advlce3 from Shanghai,
dated December 19, Yuan Shi Kai intend3
to employ British and American officers
to reorganize the Chinese navy.
Agitation Against the Sale.
COPENHAGEN, Dec. 21.-Fresh agita
tion against the sale of th© Danish "W&r%
Indies to .the United States before thar
question has been submitted to a piebis
scite seems to b© increasing here. A largs
and secret meeting of members was held
to-day the sentiment of which was In fa
vor of a plebiscite. The ministerial or
gans are advocating prompt action in th»
matter and disregard of the popular
clamor to submit it to a vote of the peo
ple.
Stories by world-famed authors like Robert
Barr and John Stranse "Winter In tne Christ
mas "Wasp. ., . . •
■ m ■ •
THK HAGUE, Dec. 21.— Great Britain hav.
ing fully recognized the fact that .the rightx
of The Netherlands are in nowise affected by
the Paris arbitration of tne boundary dispute
between British Guiana and Venezuela, the
Government bas ordered the delimitation of
the Dutch frontier. ,CHRISTMAS shopping does not
seem to have affected social
functions very materially dur
ing the past week. In fact,
judging from the number of
large luncheons and teas given |
it would appear that society I
had nothing 1 else to command attention. |
Only the crowded stores and the Christ
mas decorations everywhere suggested
that the holidays are close upon us. Red
berries in profusion were seen at each I
function and in several instances were !
the only floral decoration. j
The Ames-Preston wedding on Monday i
et Grace Church, with breakfast at the j
Palace Hotel, was a brilliant beginning I
for the -week— more than that, a very j
happy one.
Mr. and Mrs. H. M. A. Miller gave a
theater party Monday evening at the
California, where Thomas Jefferson was
playing: After the performance the star
v.-r.s guest of honor at a "Dutch" supper
given at the University Club. The guests
were: Mr. and Mrs. Julius Kruttschnitt,
— r-r. and Mrs. Herbert Moffltt, Mr. and
'Mrs. Horace D. -Pillsbury, Miss Bessie
McN'ear. Miss Kate Clement, Burbank G.
Somers, Edward M. Greenway, George A.
Newhall and Webster Jones.
Mrs. I. Lowenberg's breakfast at the
Palace on Tuesday was a large affair,
covers being laid for 240. All members of
The Philomath and Laurel Hall Clubs were
invited, and also tho officers of all other
women's dubs In the city and across the
bay.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin and Mrs. Edward
Eyre gave pretty luncheons at their
homes on "Wednesday. Mrs. Eyre's guests
of honor were Mrs. Hy Page and daugh
ter. Miss Ruby, of Valparaiso. lira. Red
mond W. Payne also grave a delightful tea
et her Pine-street residence for her sister.
Miss Pearl Sabin. who has lately returned
iron the East
On Thursday Mrs. Walter S. ifartln gave
en elaborate luncheon for sixty gruests et
the University Club in hcaor of Miss
Georglana Hopkins, who Is to be a winter
bride.
Mrs. James Otis received several hun
fired people et her tea on Thursday for
Mrs. Hy Pare end daughter. Miss Vir
ginia Rofigers Nokes also gave an In
formal tea at her home, 2518 Broadway,
for Miss Maude Kane of New York-
Miss Maude duffs pretty luncheon was
la. honor of Miss Gertmda Jack of Sen
Lrtils Oblspo. Ther» was & reception a.t
the Bohemian Club on Thursday evening,
| their annual collection of picture* being
• on exhibition.
Mrs. Welter IS. Deen's luncheon on Fri
day In the Pelace conservatory we* cer
tjunly a delightful debutante affair. The
forty-five sisesls were all young and Miss
Pearl Landers was cuest of honor. The
decorations were most unique end elabor
ate*
The Misses McMillan cave «n Informal
tea at their home, and Mr*. Grace Part
ridge Hays pave a luncheon at the Uni
versity Club, at which she entertained
Mrs. Frank Bostwlck, Mrs. George H.
Evans. Mrs. Harold Lawrence Bcager.
Mrs. Lawrence R. Tuttle, Mrs, Ormoud
O. Smith. Mrs. Samuel Kissinger, Mrs.
Jcck Jessup and Miss Jeromo Partridge.
In the evening at the Christmas ger
rnan of the Friday Fortnlcrhtlys, at Cotil
lon Hall, there were many elaborate
evening toilettes end full dress uniforms
in evidence.
The week closed with luncheons yester
day by Mrs. Eieanor Martin and Miss
Kate Dillon. Teas were given by Mrs.
William F. Herrin, Mrs. James Hogg and
the Campbells. Mrs. John F. Merrill
gave a young people's dance in the even
ing. Yesterday's happenings ere de
scribed in another column.
They Are Engaged.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Mlgnon D. Jacobscn to Sam Jacob!. At
home to-day from 2 to 5 at 511 Van Ness
avenue.
Madsrne Lucy Levy announces the en
gagement of "her daughter, Jeanne, to
Daniel Ruff. At home to-day from. 2 to 5
at 1733 Post street, near Webster.
Mrs. H. Thompson of San Francisco an
nounces the engagremerit of her daughter,
Katheryne B. Howard, to Frederick S.
Hamlin of Portland, Or.
Rev. and Mrs. M. S. Levy announce the
betrothal of their daughter. Miss Miriam.
to Sol ICahn. At home, 1353 Post street,
Sunday, January 19, and Wednesday,
January 22, frcm 1:30 till 5 o'clock.
The engagement reception of Miss
Sophie Treast to Nathan J. Strasburg
•will be beld at the residence of Mr. and
Mrs. B. J. Treast, 1239 Post street, Sun
day, December 29.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Frances Peters of 427 Green street to L.
Granz, who holds a responsible position
with the Milwaukee Furniture Company
et £52 Howard street, and who resides at
ITT1S Twenty-third street. The marriage
■will take place in the near future.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Ar.riie Kallmann of 2030% Steiner street
and Solomon Pincus, treasurer of the
%&^l0r&£§kb*. THis is one of g0& '-^
c^P-^wi tKe 19 ° 2 style8 ihr 1^
?^ 19O1 st^l^ pianos reauced : %
$ one hundred dollars &
tTh-re have been radical changes in the style i)
and finish of cases in the last six months and we.
# WM* -suit, about one hundred of the ,901^
{ k stvle pianos on hand. U
X These must be dosed out at .once so we have j
fi cut the trices from $100 t^$2OO on each piano
$ Somi instruments are marked as low as $175, ]|
% ncar i v $125 less than formerly marked. f.
i? Amoni the lot are Spielmann, Hamilton, Lester, v
% Byron Mauzy and Sohmer Pianos. M
T? Fverv piano perfect. VJ
« Get one tomorrow before they're all gone-hke £y
? finding $100. Cash or' easy payments. -A
4? Open evenings. # J}
C\ All pianos marked in plain figures.
RELATING TO SOCIETY
Columbia Theater. Miss Kallmann, Is the
daughter of Mrs. C. Kallmann and 1b
noted among her friends as a musician
of a high order. Mr. Pincus Is the son of
M. Pincus, a retired merchant. They will
receive on Sunday afternoon, January 5.
Tliey Are Married.
Edward A. Douthitt, Assistant Attorney
General of Honolulu, is spending his
honeymoon ln San Francisco. He is an
old resident of this city, having lived
formerly at 1S09 Devisadero street, but
six months ago was appointed assistant
to Attorney General E. P. Dole on the
islands.
Mr. Douthitt secured a vacation for the
express purpose of making Miss Edith O.
Alden his wife. The couple were very
quietly married last Friday evening at St.
Dominic's Church, the Rev. Thomas C.
Clancy performing the ceremony. Mr.
Douthitt formerly practiced law in this
city, and was always regarded as of ex
ceptional ability as an attorney. He was
associated with Peter Dunne at 310 Pine
street. Mr. Douthitfs father, the late
D. William Douthitt, was a prominent
man and occupied a high position ln the
legal profession. Mr. and Mrs. Douthitt
will sail for Honolulu early in January,
where they will make their permanent
home.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Steveier of 1024 Sacra
mento street announce the marriage of
their daughter, Bessie, to E. B. Smith of
Denver. Mr. and Mrs. Smith left on
Thursday for a wedding tour of the East
ern. State and on their return will reside
in Denver.
Home Parties.
Miss Louise Heppner gave a charming
card party Saturday evening, December
14, at which Bhe entertained about fifty
of her young friends. She was assisted
ln receiving by her cousin. Miss Lipsher,
and Miss Alice Hunter of Napa. Prizes
were won by Mrs. F. Crothers. Mrs. Wil
lfcun McPfessel, Miss Ruddock. M.
Simms, D. F. Berry and Mr. Moore.
Among the guests were: Mr. and Mrs.
C. B. Wingate, Miss Daisy Burns, Miss
Mabel Philips. Miss Maud Cluff. Mis*
Rowena Burns, Miss Mabel Hollis, Mr.
and Mrs. F. Crothers, Miss Coral Gilbert,
Mr. and Mrs. William McPfessel. Mr. and
Mrs. H. Fessenden, Miss A. Plagermann.
Miss Belle Hemenway. Miss Carlotte
Judson, Miss Rose Hemenway, Miss
Gladys Cummlngs, Miss Gertrude Itud
dock, Miss Elsio Tooker, Miss May Sha
ron, Miss Florence Denlgan, A. H. Calne,
Ward Dwight Jr.. D. F. Berry, William
Corbett. Eldrldge Moore, M. Simms, Ed
Denicran, A. Sutter, F. G&utner, Dr. J. C.
Stevens, Judge Frank Kerrigan, Oscar
Barber. C. Craig. H. Hcrzer, Carl Helsa
and George Crothers.
Mrs. J. T. Campbell and Mile. Elena
Roeckel, the sister and daughter of the
hosxese, assisted in receiving tne euests,
who numbered ono hundred. The follow
ing juveniles rendered the musical pro*
gramme: Leslie Reilly, ! Hazel Burns,
i'annle Whitakcr, Alma RelUy, Hortense
Gllxnore, Bcrnlce Van Gelder, May
Wanek, Jane Tevendale, Maria Roeckol,
Isabella Tevendale, Gertrude Caldwell,
Marguerite Schlegel, Isabel Whltaker,
Frederica Gilmore, Bertha Hogrefe, Eliza
beth Davis and Elma Doyle.
The Juvenile Vocal Club was given a
reception by Madame Ellen Coursen-
Roeckel Saturday afternoon, December
14, at her home on Fulton street. The
members of the club are: Maude Stell
ing. Robert Ross Munro. Clifford Pink
ham, Albert Reilly, Clair Nolan, Harry
Tricon Maurer. Ernest Doyle, Richard
Mahoney, Willie Groom, Eric Davis, Wil
liam Conlin, Jerry O'Connor, Jerry Ma
hony and Marie RoeckeL
Friends and acquaintances are tnvited
to attend the reception given by Mr. and
Mrs. H. I. Hilton in honor of their silver
wedding anniversary and their son Os
car's twentieth birthday on New Year's
day. from 2 to 5 p. m., at 1015 McAllister
etreet.
A party was given ln honor of the Mare
Island apprentices' football team by Miss
Josle D. Rahlves at her home, 824 Eliza
beth street, on Saturday evening, Decem
ber 14. The dining-room was draped in
yellow and white, the team's colors. The
guests present were: George ClegHorn,
Robert Cleghorn, John B. Buss Jr., Percy
L Phelps, Louis McManus, Norman Mc-
Gill, John B. Canham, John A. Thomas,
Arthur LIndauer, Bert Peoples, Will
Luard of Vallejo, Thomas Gray and wife.
August Rahlves Jr. and wife, Mr. and
Mrs. A. Rahlves, Miss L. Mullane, Reta
Collins, Gertie Lindstrum. Josie D.
Rahlves, Emily Bellisle and Pauline Hert
ing of San Francisco,
Miss Minerva D. Roemer was hostess
at a reception given Saturday evening,
December 14, at her residence. 377 Fulton
street. The home throughout was pro
fusely decorated with roses and ferns,
which were beautiful and artistic, Al
Dunker and Rue Ready favored the
guests with several vocal solos, and Miss
C. Arden, an accomplished pianist, enter
i tained with a number of selections. At
c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1901.
midnight a delightful repast was served.
Miss Roemer's guests were the following
named: Miss Rennie Schmitz, Gus San
den, Miss Minerva D. Roemer, Al Dunker,
Miss N. Orton, W. Hilson, Miss Agnes
Roemer, Harvey Magner, Miss Claire
Roemer and Bertin Wayne.
Mr. and Mrs. I. N. Walter celebrated
their silver wedding Wednesday evening,
and their spacious residence on Franklin
street was ablaze with light and filled
with friends and relatives lo the number
of about 150, who had qome to convey
their good wishes. The gifts, mostly of
silver, , were numerous and rich, lilling
one entire room, while floral gifts were in
evidence in every part of the house. The
early part of the evening was devoted to
a clever performance by. members of the
family, called "A Study in Evolution,"
and consisting of a dialogue between a
former Irish nurse girl of the family and
the present French maid, discussing the
changes which have taken place during
the last twenty-five years, illustrated
pictures on a screen and tableaux. Supper
was served at midnight, followed by a
dance.
A very pleasant surprise party was ten
dered to Mr. and Mrs. Anton J.. Widman
at their residence, 1707 Thirteenth avenue,
South San Francisco. The house was
docorated for the occasion. The evening
was spent in singing, games and dancing.
At midnight supper was served, after
which games were resumed. Those pres
ent were: Mr. and Mrs. Anton J. Wid
man, Mr. and Mrs. Charles L. Nonnen
man Jr., Mr. and Mrs. J. Betz
old,' Mr. and Mrs. J. Counihan,
Mr. and Mrs. C. Wolfe. Mr. and
Mrs. J. D. Barry, Mr. and Mrs. W. Wal
ters, Miss A. Ayres. J. Regan, Miss A.
Pederson. F. Pfeifer. Miss N. Regan. J.
CTBrien, Miss A. Turner, G. Dolan, Misa
M. Regan, H. Widman, Miss L. Turner,
L. Nonnenman, Miss Collins, Mr. Miller
Eddie Nonnenman and Mr. Collins.
On Thursday evening a farewell party
was given to Miss Maggie Kohn by Mr.
and Mrs. Farnum at their apartments in
the Strathmore. The rooms were artis
tically decorated with greens, carnations
and red berries. • There was music and
dancing until a late hour, when refresh
ments were served at small tables
grouped among palms and ferns. Those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. Farnum. II.
Kohn, Mr. and Mrs. Paulinson of Ala
meda, Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Kohn. Miss
Kohn. Miss Beatrice Farnum, Miss Ada-
Una Peas, Miss June M. Gloshan, Miss
Johnstone, Dr. M. S. Schord, Dr. B, H.
Benjamin, Mr. Dimond of Portland, Or.;
Phil Hammersmith of Alameda, Clarence
Freed, M. W. Pratt.
Mrs. R. A. Vance of 22 Willlard street
entertained a number of her friends at
euchra on Wednesday evonlngr. The win
ners were: Mrs. D. Cluln, Mrs. W. Cor
bln, Mrs. 15. O. Rleser. James n. Smith.
B. Cluln, E. O. Zeile. The following were
the guests: Mrs. E. Q. Zelle, Mr. and Mrs.
James U. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. J. Mc-
Geough, Mr. and Mrs. E. O. Rieser, Miss
Ella Ewinsr, Mr. and Mrs. W. Corbtn, Mr.
and Mrs. Cluln. Miss Ella Vance, Mr. and
Mrs. A. C. Frelse, Mr. and Mrs. W. Stan
ford.
Miss V. Godfrey of 349 Pierce street en
tertained the members of the Literary
Club on Saturday evening. Those present
were: Mlsa Godrrey, Miss Kate Shipley,
Miss Hazel Woods, Miss Hattle Love,
Miss Katherlne Kennedy, Miss Ida ' May
James, Miss Laverne James, Miss Hazel
Meyers, Miss Emily Lane, Miss Helen
Massey, Miss Alice Hitchcock, Harry Al
lan, Chester Gossett, Fred Peterson,
Claude McGee, Fred Hann. Ernest McKie,
Will Fisher, Lester Wheeler, William
Webb, James Beard, Levi Shipley, Sted
man Gray. Clifford Scott. Mr. Carrigan
and'Dr. E. A. Woods.
A very pretty dancingr party took place
at Hitchcock Military Academy at San
Rafael Friday night. The study hall was
decorated very handsomely with flags and
bunting. There were many San Fran
cisco people present and the affair was
NEW OFFICERS
TAKE STATIONS
Excelsior Lodge of Ma
sons Holds Annual
Installation.
SOLEMN and Impressive ceremony
marked the installation last night
in St. John's Hall in the Masonic
Temple of the officers, elective an%
appointive, of Excelsior Lodge,
Free and Accepted Masons. The cere
mony was for members of the craft only,
and the ritual was carried out to the let
ter by the outgoing master, Otto Frank
Westphal, who had for marshal of cere
monies Past Master Walter Neat BrunL
The new officials who were obligated and
Instructed as to their duties in fraternity
and charity are:
Louis Augustine Murch, worshipful master;
Lewis Clarence Hunter, senior warden: Dar
rell Allen Hare, junior warden; Sam Houston
Daniels, treasurer; Hugh James Owen, secre
tary; John Endicott Gardner, chaplain; Rod
erick George Guyett, senior deacon; Edwin Ly
curgus Forster, junior deacon; Herman Charles
Gingg, marshal; John William Cameron and
James Davison Ralph, stewards: George Wash
ington Perkins, tyler; Robert Fletcher Tllton,
organist.
There were more than 200 members pres
ent, also a large number of visiting mem
bers of the craft. After the proclamation
of Installation there was presented to
Otto Frank Westphal, the retiring mas
ter, a past master's Jewel, studded with
diamonds and rubies, a gift from the
members of the lodge as a token of their
appreciation of his efforts and faithful
service as presiding officer during his
term. Thi3 was followed by the presenta
tion by the outgoing master to each of
the forty members who were raised dur
ing his term of a small silver trowel as
a souvenir of Initiation into the craft.
This lodge, which was Instituted in 1863,
now has a membership of 358 and is ln a
first-class financial condition.
After the ceremonies were at an end ln
the lodgeroom there was an adjournment
to commandery hall, ln the Temple, where
there were covers for 250. '.An elaborate
supper was served, and as the black cof
fee and cigars \jere being passed around
Worshipful Master Murch, acting as toast
master, called upon a unmber of f raters,
who made brief and interesting remarks,
which were interspersed with vocal selec
tions by the Excelsior quartet, assisted
by R. F. Tllton. There were also selec
tions by an orchestra, a violin solo by H.
C. Gingg. a song by O. Hi Mohr and spe
cialties by W. J. Hynes. The speakers
were:
Samuel M. Shlrtridge, Judge Carroll Cook,
Frank McGowan, Rev. J. Nleto, K. H. E.
O'Donnell of Oakland, Gardner Crane of New-
Orleans. Duncan E. McKinley, Franklin H.
Day Lucius I* Solomons, Waller N. Brunt, A.
D. Buckingham and John A. Hosmer.
There were present at the banquet: x
J. C. Johnson. Benjamin Dore, W. F. Bus
well. L. E. Chandler, R. McDonald, J. D. Mc-
Kenna, H.' C. Glngg. E. Wenzelburger, J. H.
Bruce, R, P. de Grier, Phlneas F. Furgeson,
G. J. Zett, R. H. Patterson. L. L. Dorr, Wal
ter 8. Brown, Frank I* Hunter, Walter V*.
Lucas, Frank Johnson, M. J. Berry. George
Lutkey. C. W. Manndell, H. D. Hurst. M. G.
Owen, E. R. • Barnhist, Thomas F. Shartzer,
Carl Werner. Charles H. Bane, Horace N.
Scott, Rembold Beck, J. C. Doherty. J. W.
Lowrle, E. A. Kelton, Carl von Hartwig:, L.
McGregor, Joseph D. Ford. E. W. Gould,
George W. Bauer, E. T. Dow, W. R. Dalzelle,
W. F. Davis. D. K. Shaw, T. D. Graham.
Frank L. Boleman, Thomas T. Winson, Arthur
Kempton. W. N. .Brunt. C. E. Young, William
Faull, C. H.' Bryan, A- Adams. J. C. Abbott,
C. W. Iredale, M. A. Christeson, Charles L.
Morgan, H. W. Westphal, Fred C. Gerdes, E.
Trittenbach, George Bundy, Percy M. Ray
mond, W. T. Perkins, O. S. Esser, A. H. Al-
announced a success. It began with a
grand march, which was led by Captain
Collins and participated in by all the
cadets with their young lady friends.
After the dancing . a fine supper was
served in the dining hall. Saturday the
cadets left for a two weeks' vacation,
when they return on the 6th of January.
The decorations were pronounced by some
people as. being the best they. had ever
seen. At one end of the hall, with a back
ground of mistletoe, was hung the new
silk " American flag just . given . to .the
school, and both sides of this were the
two company banners. Among the guests
were: Mr. and Mrs. Girrin, Mr. and.Mrs.
Pinkert. Miss Kavanaugh, Miss Oge, Miss
Wells. Miss Mailllard, Mr. and Mrs. Major
Collins, Mr. Sim, Captain jCollins, Lieu
tenant Campbell, Lieutenant Jenkins,
Sergeant Glenn, Sergeant Girm, Sergeant
Stoddard, Pick Mailliard, Eddie Meyer.
William Clinch, Alexander Rennie. John
Tallant, Malcom Cropper, A. Sim, D. Sim,
Miss Belden, Miss Berry. Miss-Sperry,
E. V. Gage, Mr. Halley, Mr. Smith, Mr.
Halley Jr., Mr. Alvoredo, Mr. 'and Mrs.
Evans, Evan Evans, Harry Evans, Arthur
Evans, Miss Rodgers, and others.
The children of the three schools sup
ported by the Pioneer Kindergarten So
ciety will hold their Christmas festival
at Golden Gate Hall, Sutter street, near
Taylor, on . Monday. December 23, at 2
o'clock. The "Adler," "Maxil Dock" and
"Silver Star" little ones join forces, and
those who go to see them in their exer
cises will be well repaid. The society was
incorporated in lb"8 and has done splen
did work among the little ones of the
water front. Six teachers and assistants
are devoted to the work, the schools be
ing supported entirely -by voluntary con
tributions.
The semi-annual graduating exercises
of the commercial department of the
Business Evening School took place last
Friday evening and was attended by a
large number of the old members of the
school, together with many strangers.
The entertainment was a great success
and tho entertainers were very well re
ceived. The numbers on the programme
were announced by the principal, M. A.
H. MacDonald. Among those who took
part were: Miss Julia Berg, comic reci
tation; "The irishman's Dream," Miss
Herzog; vocal solo, Miss Lillian Watch.
Mr. Folks read an article on the Philip
pine Islands. Among those who gradu
ated were iuisa Winters, Miss Seve, Miss
««.elly, Miss Walsh, Miss Mdnerny, Fred
Costa, Emil Schmidt and E. 11. Mehren
berff.
An interesting: whist party was given
at the home of Miss Lottie Maler last
Monday evening 1 . Tiro first prizes were
won by Misa L. Purlenky and H. Wlndt,
after which a tempting supper was
served. Those present were: Miss P,
Kustel, Miss A. Arligues, Mfss U Has-
Ucll, Miss C. Krust. Miss L. Maier, Miss
JL. l'urlenky, Mlsa C. Kelsoy, Miss Tylor,
Miss T. Meyer, Mr. and. Mrs. W, Hof
mann, Fred Hess, P. Krull, A. Wlndt, M.
Roblson, A. W. Llechti, W. Hess, A.
Artigues, Dr. Burnne, Mr. Richmond.
Tho two regular meetings of Vereln
Elntracht, which fall on Christmas and
New Year's days, will be postponed until
December 2C, 1901, and January 2, 1D02,
respectively.
The first annual ball of the Retail Drug
Clerks' Association will be held at Na
tive Sons' Hall January 17, 1901
Personals.
General Youngf returned from the East
last 'Thursday.
Mr. and Mrs. Hy- T. Scott returned
Thursday from their Eastern trip.
Dr. and Mrs. E. K. Johnstons returned
to the city last Thursday and are at the
Occidental Hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Spreckels and Miss
Lurline Spreckels arrived in Hamburg
last Thursday. •
Lieutenant Commander V. L. Cottmann,
U. S. N., and Mrs.- Cottmann had for their
guests at their home In Washington on
Thanksgiving day their respective
lett. J. A. Clover. F. A. Tibbitts. H. E.
Averill. H. B. Clark, Ed English, G. Ammeruo,
Jesse P. Hughes, Howard W. Ferguson, Henry
F. Jurs, B. F. Stromberg, John Neidls, George
J. Croal. J. H. E. O'Donnell, H. Ward. J. A.
Gray. W. J. Hamilton, H. W. Gallit. T. F.
Connors. O. W. Packer. G. S. Webb, A. P.
Schell. W. W. Ftlmer. B: W. Gibson, A- S.
Hubbard. George B. Crooks, George Thompson,
Simon Myerson. L. C. McMurty. John Cam
eron, C. S. Benner, Jacob Nleto, S. Simmen, A.
E. Graupner, A. H. Crookshock, D. S. Hlrs
berg, H. V. Blasdel. George Penlington, M. G.
Fulford, James B. Gordon, J. C. Buchanan, C.
T. Cleve, J. W. Hoyt, J. S. Hobbs, C. M. Mc-
Gowan, Frank Ducoty. Samuel Bernstein, J, C.
Peterson, William C. Hauler, Max Goldman,
W. B. Wobber. C. P. Thurston, C. D. Thomas,
A. R. Hansen and R. E. Hartley.
Fraternal Elections.
Apollo Lodge, Independent Order of Odd Fel
lows has elected: W. H. Gibson, noble grand;
N. D. Slckels. vice grand; W. F. Norcross,
recording secretary; E. C. Post, financial sec
retary; Jacob Glassman, treasurer; W. C. John
son. H. L. Curtis and J. R. Atkins, trustees;
Louis Hammersmith, delegate to the Odd Fel-
Iowb' Hall Association
San Francisco Parlor of the N. S. G. W.
has elected: Ben Levy, president; Dr. W.
Jackson, T. F. Flynn and . R. P. Troy, vice
presidents; F. Marlnl. treasurer; J. H. Nelson,
financial secretary; Louis P. Powelson, record-
Ing secretary; William Guillbert, Inside senti
nel; D. O'Connell, outside sentinel; O. S. Maz
zinl, marshal; Dr. J. Artigues, surgeon; C.
Renfleld. D. P. Beban and F. V. Severance,
trustees
Olympus Parlor of the Native Sons of the
Golden West has elected: Williams Burns,
past president; H. Joost, president; William
McLaughlln, A. R. Ahlborn and R. Campbell,
vice presidents; J. T. Cosgrove, recording secre
tary; A. Mocker, financial secretary; J. Whalen.
trustee: Drs. J. T. Qulgley and T. P. Bodflsh,
surgeons.
Saxon Lodge of the Knights of Honor will
have the following named as officers for the
ensuing term: A. J. Moore, P. D. ; John D.
Learned. D.; E. W. KaufCman, A. D. ; A. R.
Kolsheld, R.; J. J. Kelly, F. R,; P. L. Archi-'
bald, T. (re-elected for the twenty-first term);
J. D. Griffith, chaplain; William M. Stanton.
guide; John Brodle, guardian, and William
Wlllby, senttnel.
Aurora Lodge No. 202. Knights and Ladies
of Honor, has elected : George Sorenson, pro
tector; L. M. McKevitt, vice protector; Lillian
B. Holcomb, recording secretary; A. L. Rapp,
financial secretary, Dr. A. . S. Cook, treasurer;
Annie Thompson, chaplain; William Luton.
guide; Thomas Christiansen, guardian; Dora
Mucha, sentinel. These officers will be in
stalled on Monday, January <i, by District
Deputy Grand Protector, Mrs. Emma Qultzow.
Court Defiance of the Foresters of America
has elected: P. Tausig, chief ranger; \V. J.
Thomas, sub-chief ranger; JB. Happersberger,
treasurer; A. Wasch, financial, and T. J. Mur
phy, recording secretary; A. Caro, senior, and
E. Hasa, Junior beadle; L. Granz, senior, and
C. Rothoitz, Junior beadle; Max Cohn, trustee;
Abe Coleman, lecturer; Dr. J. M. Williamson,
surgeon.
Court Inter Nos of the Foresters of America
has elected: C. P. Wilson, C. U. : W. S. Clayes,
S. C. R.; J. J. Doyle,. T.; P. F. McCarthy, F.
S.; U. Llndemann, K. S.; C. A. Turner, 8. W.;
A. Cornfoot, J. \V.; Denis Murphy. S. B. ; John
Murphy, J. W. ; C. F. Platner and A. Gealief,
trustees; Dr. W. • S. Hawkins, physician.
Buena Vista. Council of the Royal Arcanum
has elected: A. C. Greenfield, regent; Walter
Behrns, vicf regent; ■ M. B. Eisner,- orator;
Gustave Gunzendorfer. secretary (re-elected);
C J. Weber, collector (re-elected); J. W. Gun
zendorfer, treasurer (re-elected); J. R. Mc-
Gufnck. guide; H. Freldman. chaplain; John
Bentler, warden: C. H. Bennett, sentinel; C.
C. McDougall. Judge Frank J. Murasky and
T. V. Maxwell, trustees; W. V. N. Bay, who
■will retire as regent, was elected representative
to the Grand Council, and A. C. Greenfield, al
ternate
Pacific Lodga of the Sons of Benjamin has
elected: Henry Sterne, presidetit; Jacob GIbbs,
vice president; M. Mtchela, treasurer; J. Label!
financial secretary; S. • Beril, recording secre
tary; Jacob Levy, . G. - 1* Angels and L. Cohn
trustees; H. Simon, outside guard, and A. S.
Adler. physician.
California Castle of the Knights of the Gol
den Eagles has elected: W. M. Josephl, the
superintendent of Station A of the Postofflce,
as noble chief; M. S. Bradley, vice chief;
George B. Hanna, clerk: Oscar Hocks, keeper
of the exchequer, and Samuel McCall, master
of records. Elwood K. Hill will on the nlt'ht
of Installation become the Junior past chief.
TJ. S. Grant Council of the Junior Order of
United American Mechanics has elected: R.
F. Jenkins, councilor; F. C. Pattehen. vice
councilor; A. J. Martin, assistant recording
secretary; D. A. Hemphill, conductor; R. C.
Greeniger. warder; William Semmens, inside
sentinel; George E. Meade, ! outside sentinel; M.
K. McCullough, trustee; H. A. Moennlng, rep
resentative to Stats Council; F. ' R Williams
G.'- M. Fisk and W. - D. Grant, alternates, and
John R.' Douglass, chaplain. -".;■:/■;■
Send your Eastern friends a Christmas Wasp.
Cosmopolitan California Illustrated profusely
2D cents. , , •
brothers, N. K. Cottmann of the Oxnard
Construction Company of New York
and George • • T.~ Klink, auditor of the
Southern Pacific Railroad of San Fran
cisco. . . '- ■
Colonel B. Frank Cheatham, U. S.. A.,
and. Mrs. Cheatham' did not depart Mon
day on the Hancock as was expected.
They will remain here until : February.
Mrs. Morris Newton has taken an
apartment at 1238 California street, where
she will be pleased to see- her friends.
Mrs^ Agnes R. Grant • returned Monday
from Honolulu after an absence of over
a month.- -•"'*••
Mrs. Ira Pierce and Miss Sophia Pierce
have sent out cards for two days "at
home" in January, the. 10th and 17th. '
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Sadoc Tobln have
returned from their trip to Honolulu and
are at their home in Van Ness avenue. I
Major General W. R. Shatter left Fri
day morning for his Bakersfleld ranch,
where he will spend the holidays with hla
daughter, Mrs. /W.|H. McKittrick.
Mrs. H. R. Belknap, wife of the laU
Major Hugh R. Belknap, arrived on the
United States transport Thomas Thurs
day, with the body of her husband. Major
Belknap was operated upon unsuccessful
ly for appendicitis, and died November
12. -Mrs., Belknap was met in San
Francisco by her father, Congressman
Steele of ' Indiana, and Major General
William 'R.. Shatter, and taken to the
home of the last named. After a few
hours* rest she? resumed her journey to
Washington, it being her intention to bury
her husband in East Arlington Cemetery.
" Mrs. I. Tobriner, 1615 Webster street,
will be at home the first Thursday of each
month.
, Mr. and Mrs. Theo H. Macdonald of
this city were lately in Augsburg, the
oldest city in Germany, en tour In
Eurdpe. Before reaching New York on
their way home at .the end of this month
they will visit Paris, Berlin, Brussels,
Budapest,' London and Liverpool.
The latest ' arrivals at Hotel Rafael
are: J. W. Brown of San Francisco, F.
G. .Waterhouse, H. L. Cook, L. H. Bart
lett, Mrs. C. G. Lyman, Edmund Lyman,
H. A. Ballance. H. L. Crabtree. William
Glselman, Mrs. Mills and family. Miss
Sadie Frltch, Miss A. Byrne, Miss M.
Burke, Judge Tobin, . the Misses Glynn,
Mrs. W. H. Bennett of Philadelphia, V.
H. Dewey of Victoria. John E. Beale of
Santa Barbara.
Mrs. A. Elaenbach and Mlsa Samson
will be at home on last Wednesdays at
2140 Post street.
Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Netter are staying
at 13C0 Post street. At home second and
fourth Thursdays.
Mrs. Albert Stelner has resumed her
day at home, the first Thursday of each
month.
Mrs. B. Blumenthal, 2619 Buchanan
(street, will be at home the second Friday
of each month.
M. J. Kelly of 1S33 Ellis street has
returned home from a five months* trip
through the Eastern States.
Mrs. Arnold Pollak will be at home to
her friends on the second and fourth
Thursday of every month at 1720 Bush
street. Miss Aimee Pollak will be at
home the second Wednesday of each
month at 1720 Bush street.
Dr. and Mrs. Louis Gross will be
pleased to see their friends to-day, from
2 to 6, at the home of Mrs. Charles J.
Mund. 1908 Stelner street.
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Dusenbury. and
Miss Edith Harris have gone to Coronado
for a few weeks.
Mrs. A. Meyer of Los Angeles Is In
town visiting Mrs. A. Blumenthal. At
home Friday afternoon, December 27, at
1347 Golden Gate avenue.
Mrs. B. C. Howard, wife of the agent of
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company at
Yokohama, arrived on the Coptic Monday.
She comes to place her daughter in
school. Mrs. Howard, as Miss Nellie
Hopps, was one of the most v . talented
artists in society circlea-here.
PYTHIAN CHIEF
IS BANQUETED
Guest; of Honor of Local
Past Chancellors'
Association.
Ogden H. Fethers, supreme chancellor
of the Knights of Pythias, was the guest
of the Past Chancellors' Association at a
banquet given last night in one of the
prominent rotisseries. There was a large
representation of the members of the as
sociation at the festal board, a number of
those present being residents of adjacent
cities. 1 The guest of honor occupied a seat
at the center of the table, opposite the
toastmaster and a number of the past
grand chancellors. Those at the banquet
were:
Past Grand Chancellors Arndt. Bodflsh,
Buckles, Church, Carter, Grant, Katzensteln,
Powell and Scott; Grand Trustee Bleckman,
Grand Master-at-arms Bethel, Past Chancel
lors Abrahamson, Beaver, Borneman, Cohn,
Cliff, Codlneton, Cheshire, Chapman, Duden,
Drisron, Danton. Danzijcer, Davidson, Eisfel
der, A. Hoffman, C. S. Hoffman, Lull, Lang-,
Lucas, Lange, Lee, C. Milly, C. A. MUly, Mc-
Brlde, Nevln. Patrick. Preston, Powell, Ree
za, Rlley, Rose, Robinson, J. Samuels, M. A.
Samuels, Shalmant, Scott, Sears, Sacherer,
Stevens, Strieker, Eaylor, . Ulman, Udger,
Wright. I. Wolff, Bostwlck, Graves, Ldndsey,
Marloni, Richardson. Blumbent, Bedford, C.
Hansen. Sorensen, Hllderbrandt, S. Hansen
and Georges. . ■•
During the discussion of the excellent
menu that was served an orchestra dis
coursed sweet music.
7 'Dr. C. H. Arndt, past grand chancellor,
presided as toastmaster and at tho close
of the supper called upon the following
named to respond to toasts:
Supreme Chancellor Oirden ■ H. ' Fethers, Su
preme Representative Walker C. Graves. Past
Supreme Representative 8. L. Carter. Carl E.
Llndsey, A. K. Stevens, G. B. Katzenstein of
Sacramento,' Judge G. E. Church of Fresno,
Judge A. J. Buckles of Suisun, Jacob Samuels
and A. McBrlde.
Colonel Riley of Chicago entertained
with Eastern funnyism. ■ -
The supreme chancellor In his response
spoke at length on the subject of the ap
proaching supreme convention and ex
pressed his appreciation of the Cal
ifornia knights have done and are doing
to make the Pythian week in this city
next August a great success and one that
will not fall short of what it was in other
cities in recent -years. ■
Two Are Killed in a Feud.
SANDBRSONVILLE, Fla., Dec. 21.— A
battle with firearms occurred this after
noon four miles from here between the
Hogan and Dorman families, all of whom
are well known 'In this section. A feud
has existed between the two families for
a . long time and on former occasions a
fight was almost precipitated. The dead
are Joshua Hogan and "Willie Dorman.
Andrew Nain is \ injured and Thad Dor
man is said to be fatally wounded. Lewis
Hogan is missing and his friends are
searching for him. ,
General Alger's. Health Improves.
DETROIT, Mich., Dec. 21.— General R.
A. Alger, ex-Secretary of War, who is se
riously ill, passed a . very comfortable
night and showed a distinct 'improvement
this morning. •.**': '■•t",i.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE, Donohoe
building, 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29, with the electric needle without pain or
scar; permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.aj.
g :. .':.:] -.., ■..-■■■:'-. ADVERTISEMENTS. . __ v
IBBBaBOBBBBBBBBBBaBBBHBBBBBBBBBBBaBaBBHBI
219 GRANT AVENUE
FOR THE PnST EIGHT YEflRS AT 115 KEARNY.
New Goods. New Styles. New Ideas.
NEWNESS THROUGHOUT
AND WITH PRICES THAT CAUSE AMAZEMENT.
■ THIRD FLOOR,
SFAI SVTN TATIfFT^— We will offer eight Jackets Monday which
3EAL31VU1 JAUVC13 we haye on hand QS Q |eader Qt the omazlng
lour price of
Our'competltors would asK you as much for their Imitation seal oar-
ments- Sizes, bust measure— two 32 Inches, one 34 laches, two 36 In-
ches, ooe 38 Inches, one 40 Inches, one 44 laches-
■".... .
FIRST FLOOR.
V T)PF^ CirfDTS:— StriKlnglysuggestlvs to shrewd holtday'buy-
OU-a. UKC33 3IUIV1O er^ Thlnk _ tbInK bard of southing mor.
beautiful, something more welcorne, than yards of shimmering »U'< In a
beautiful skirt. An elegant assortment or these fine black »"k dress skirts,
all new goods, at prices far below their valui. We hcivc them at
$20.00, $25.00, $30.00, $45.00, $55.00,
$65.00, $75.00, $85.00.
KU V TTNT1FP^KTDTC- An extremely elegant line of Colored SiP<
.Ml^ VmJU*JMK13 UndersKlrts ln al , colors; very swell. Price,
range from $5 to $25. 7.*.
CLOTH CAPES, JApCTS^^ gg
reduced prlcts.
SECOND FLOOR-
Mil T TNEUY~ fln our IMPORTED HATS at prices whlcb beggar d«scrip-
ITAUiLiUII^k * tl<>|> N-w Mat^ buttn#y »tand lo our way—will they In
yours, at tht prices? I tblQK not Com* and sea all records broken en
hat prices. ■ J*
FERRAL DENIES
BEING VENOMOUS
Attorney Says- He Did
Not Intend to Show
Contempt.
v The hearing of the petition for & writ
of habeas corpus filed by Attorney Rob
ert Ferral, who hopes by means of the
writ to escape punishment for contempt
of court, was heard by Judge Graham
yesterday. Samuel M. Shortridge and ex-
Judge *D.T. Murphy addressed tne court
in support of the petition. .
Murphy said he was sure his client, like
himself, "had all the respect in the world
for Judges both on and oft tne bench, and
never would intentionally cast odium upon
them nor offend the dignity or the feel
ings of the bench In any way. I am
sure," said Murphy, "that Mr. Ferral
meant nothing by his remark to Judge
Dunne that could be construed Into con
tempt."
Shortridge spoke in the same half-apol
ogetic strain and then raised the point
that as contempt of court is a. crime that
Judge Dunne had no right to fine Ferral
without a trial or hearing.
Ferral was placed on the stand and ex
amined by Assistant District Attorney
Greaney. Greaney asked the ■witness If
it was not so that "his remark to the
Judge was not occasioned by venomous
feeling."
"Venomous," exclaimed Ferral. "I am
sure that my remark was not prompted
by any such feeling."
The case was continued at this point
until to-morrow at 2 p. m.
CHICAGO WILL HAVE
V ABTJNDANT COAL SOON
Critical Period of the Fuel Shortage
■ ";' Is Now Reported to Be
Over. >
: CHICAGO, Dec. 21.— Chicago has passed
the most serious aspect of the coal short
age and after Monday manufacturing es
tablishments and big downtown buildings
will be in. a better position to fight the
possibility of anything approaching a
famine.
The coming of. Sunday and the appar
ent break in the cold spell are the two
things that coal men believe will bring
about this change In conditions. To-mor
row the great majority of the coal sup
plies of various plants will remain undis
turbed and within the next forty-eight
hours the railroad managers say that
they will be able to pour enough soft coal
Into the city to prevent any further
shortage.
. The actual shortage, and a scare result
ing from it, accompanied by a frantic
rush for coal by the owners of office
buildings and factories, have combined to
disrupt price? and derange the fuel scales
worse than at any time during the year.
All kinds of prices have been asked and
paid within the last two days.
1 SPOUTING GOODS. |
8 CHRISTMAS PRESENTS. S
S TENNIS. A FOOTBALL. %
© Tennis Balls..... .*...2Oc. 30c. <*Oe Pants— Canvas— Boys SI. S1.25 •
• Tennis Rackets.... Sl.OO to S7.OO Pants-very best-^Men;s.. o
O Racket Covers •• -5Oc Head'HaVneM.'.'.V^l.as to $4*00 £
g Belts • .25c to 75c Shin Guards I!.B0c to §1 SO 5
| Caps 25c to 81.50 Footballs... ghc to Is.'bo •
© BASEBALL. O
2 League Balls Sl.OO I Bats 25c. 50c. 75c 2
g Other Ba S eball S ....... v lOc^5Oe I &»££«« .B^*TiZfe •
© Baseball Uniforms from S2. OO ud. I Catcher's Mitts. Masks, etc. ©
S SWEATERS. JERSEYS. S
© Beys', plain or striped, all shades, Boys' Jerseys, large assortment ©
© • -x*™™ 81.00 up «1.50 to 82.50 ©
© Men's Sweaters, all shades....... Men's Jerseys, endless variety A
O • S1.25 to -84.SO »2.50toS3.5O <»
| BATHING \ SUITS. •
2j Boys', plain colors from 50c "Pj | Fancy colors from S1.5O a
*» Fancy colors .from Jfcl.25' I Ladles' Alpaca Suits ......?...."" 2
g Men's, plain colors..... from 75e up I from SI. 75 up X
1 I tfl«slih> /JL Geary Street, |
© " • yvty*f*r%/ opEN evenings g
I KNITilriNG CO. UNTIL CHBISTMAS - g
e©s©©@ooofio©0©os©©ooo»oo®©©o«ooo©o©o©oooe©o2>*i
!£ohler & Chase I
:an save you J
>5o to $100 on a 3
Sasy Terms of i
|j
hoice of Knahe, Fiscii- fl
r and eight other lead- pj
ig makes IA
Kcadquartcnf t'f
. 28 and 30 O'Famll Street f$
SAN FRANCISCO FJ
San Francisco's Scientific Dermatologists
In San Francisco, at the parlors of tha
New York Institute of Dermatology, a
•woman is on exhibition with the wrinkles
removed from one side of her face and
left on the other side as & sample, to
show what their remedy will do.
It permanently eradicates tha very
worst cases of deep wrinkles when all
other remedies fail. It makes women of
50 look 25. You are Invited to call and
see her — seeing la believing.
By a simple painless operation Dr. Ben-
jamin L. Fowler, our surgeon from New
York, specially trained and experienced in
this work, corrects ill-shaped noses, out-
standing ears, double chin, flabby throat,
sagging cheeks, drooping mouth, puffy,
baggy eyelids, positively without pain or
bcarring, and removes all marks and
blemishes from the skin by the latest
scientific methods. A lady Is in reception
at the parlors to explain methods to
callers. Consultation In person or by let-
ter is free and strictly confidential. Call
or address N. Y. Institute of Dermatol-
ogy. Columbian building, 916 Market st.
(opposite Emporium), San Francisco.
Take elevator to fifth floor. '
INCENDIARY SETS PIUE
TO A FARMER'S HOTJS3
Shasta County Resident Barely Es
capes Death in Flames That
' Destroy His Home.
REDDING. Dec. 2L— F. W. Fish, a
farmer of Stillwater Creek, east of Red
ding, had a narrow escape from death in
the burning of his home by an incen
diary. He was awakened at midnight by
the roar of flames and found retreat al
most cut off. He managed to get out with
what clothing he could hastily pick up.
The house was entirely destroyed. Tho
other members of the family were absent.
American Girl Weds an EarL
LONDON, Dec. 2L— Miss Elena Grace,
daughter of Michael P. Grace, formerly
of New York, was married to the Earl of
Donougbmore at St. Michael's Church,
Chester square, to-day. The service wa»
choraL . -v/- 'v- : . ; . v
3738
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
BHBBBlBBHlBlBHBBEEnHHEHGBEaEEEEaBSEEEESBSSEBEn
s v s
1 Dry Goods -S|||jip Company. . |
a n
| PROPER GIFTS |
I From Ladies to Gentlemen. I
■ ■
Q FULL-DBESS REEFERS— Hijjh finish, chic and up : to-date in every ■
« point; black silk, with white quilted satin lining, and shaped to fit gj
12 the neck perfectly, costing from $2.OO to $I5'"O. q
g SMOKING COATS— In a complete line of latest high-class models, made S
y of reversible soft woolen fabrics by the best tailors — also in black
n velvet, with a lining of silk. There is a distinction all our own about m\
5 our garments. Prices from ?5.OO to $20.00. E3
g LEATHER SUIT CASES— Made strong and marked by the highest S
□ degree of elegance and finish in alligator— horn alligator— Cordova, gj
q Glove, Buffalo, Sole, Pebble, cannot improve on them for double the B
■ prices, ranging upward from JJ56.5O to $25. OO. Q
9 MEN'S SU.K TIES — We are stronger than ever in smartest original S
□ ideas in scarfs and ties, and we can. show them by the thousands in gi
C English silks in exclusive patterns in four-in-hands. Ascots, ties, fl
O derbys and made scarfs — you cannot improve on them for double the El !
O money — jjj|
■ • ■
| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, fj
[I SE. Corner Geary and StocVton Streat3, Uaijn Square. §
D STORE OPEN MONDAY AND TUESDAY EVENINGS. IS
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■BBBlMlBBaBESHBHQBnEHnBanaBHBnBH
WIFE SUES HER
PARENTS-IN-LAW
Mrs. O. Mugler Files Ac
tion for $30,000
Damages.
Clara Muglcr valued her whole heart at
JSO.OOO, and because it has been broken
she Is suing Peter Mugler and Mary Mug
ler. her father-in-law and mother-in-law,
respectively, for that amount. She claims
that the parents of her husband, Nicholas
Mugler, have alienated his affections and
caused her such mental anguish that her
physical strength has given way.
In the complaint filed by Mrs. Mugler
>e6terday ehe avers that ehe is very «ensl
tive. Because Bhe possesses nerves is due
her present predicament, so Bhe claims.
She married Nicholas at Berkeley In
January of this year. Her lot was one of
peace and happiness until the parents of
her hubby discovered that they did not
like her. "Then," says the broken-hearted
■wife, "they commenced a systematic at
tack upon his feelings and his love for
me, and destroyed the love and affection
he bore me."
The "systematic attack" complained of
has been going on, according to the com
plaint, since the first month after the
marriage. Like a good wife. Mrs. Mugler
has borne the loss of her husband's ca
1 esses without a murmur until a few days
ago. Then she thought it was time she
asserted herself. She appealed to her per
secutors, but they gave her only icy re
ception and cutting glances. Her appeals
but added to her misery, eo she thought
of the courts.
How she figured damages Is not* known,
but Burke & Burke, her lawyers, evident
ly thought they knew the value of a wom
an's heart and placed the amount at $30,
000.
EHUOTEHS VJTLJj HEAD FOB.
PESEBT OF MAE&YSVILLE
Forty-Three EUgibles Will Walk
Over the Hot Sands in Search
of Knowledge.
About one hundred and fifty members
of Islam Temple of the Ancient Arabic
Order of the Mystic Shrine will leave this
city on next Saturday under the leader
ship of Colonel Charles H. Murphy, the
illustrious potentate, on a pilgrimage to
the desert of Marysville, where they will
receive forty-three novitiates from the
Masonic ranks, who are to be taught the
mysteries of the Orient in their wander
ings over the hot sands in their search
for the cavern in which dwells the mighty
bead of the order. The very striking and
impressive ceremony will be followed by
a banquet. This will be the first work
under the direction of the new potentate,
and it will be one of the grandest affairs
the Shrlners have had since tlje days of
the coffee banquet, when all the fez wear
ers let go of the rope.
New Lodge Organized.
At a meeting of persons Interested in
the institution of a new lodge in this city
of the Catholic Knights of ColumbU3, a
fraternal beneficial association, th« fol
lotving ■were chosen as officers for the
iodge, wt?;ch will be Instituted on the 15th
of next January: ' • » - i
Dr. J. F. McCone. grand knight; Frank T.
Shea, deputy grand knight: George Connolly,
chancellor; Thomas Spiliane, recording secre
tary; P. F. McCarthy, financial secretary: W.
I>. CKKane, treasurer; R. P. Troy, lecturer;
Neil Power, advocate; James Emery, warden;
Dr. Smith, inside sentinel: Dr. Louis Kingler,
outride sentinel; E. It. Myrick. Thomas Moun,
John J. O'Toole. truztees: Kev. Father Mc-
Wuaide. chaplain, and Dr. Louis Kingler,
physician.
CHILDREN'S
HOSPITAL
DONATION DAYS
December 21
December 23
December 24
Donations of moneu and
suDDlies of all kinds
thankfullu received at
227 Sutler St.
(Coulter's Rattan Works).
SELVAGE READY
FOR CONGRESS
Willing to Enter Race
in the First Dis
. trict.
Rudolph Herold's term of office as State
Harbor Commissioner will expire March
13 next. .Applicants to succeed him are
already numerous. It Is known that
Frank French, who recently found that
the Thirty-sixth Assembly District was
too large for his vest pocket, would like
to receive a commission from the Gover
nor to serve the State on the Harbor
Board. While French has one eye on the
water front he is keeping the other one
on the County Clerk's office. He regards
the chief clerkship under County Clerk
elect Mahony as already won, but he is
looking for something better. Should
French be commissioned to succeed Her
old, State Senator Richard J. "Welch will
make a try for the first place under
Mahony.
It is gossip among the politicians that
the new Mayor has decided to appoint
Tax Collector J. H. Scott to the Civil
Service Commission.
The contest for the honor of represent
ing in Congress the First California Dis
trict promises to become interesting. The
politicians hardly know how to size up
tha readjusted First District, as the ap
portionment which goes into effect Jan
uary 1 confuses the calculations. The
district embraces the following counties:
Del Norte, Humboldt, SIskiyou, Trinity,
Tehama, Shasta, Modoc, Lassen, Plumas,
Sierra, Nevada Placer, El Dorado, Ama
dor, Calaveras, Alpine, Mono, Mariposa
and Tuolumne.
It Is quite a long distance from Hum
boldt County and Alpine and Mono to
Mariposa, but Senator Selvage believes
he can make a good race for Congress
over the territory. He finds good training
quarters in San Francisco, where oppor
tunity is presented to meet in a neutral
zone Harold T. Power and Jacob H. Neff
of Placer, E. C. Voorhels of Amador, E.
B. Edson of Siskiyou and other leading
men of the First District. The old re
liable Republican counties of Napa and
Marin have been taken from the First
?nd placed in the Second District.
DEPARTMENT COMMANDER
RETURNS FROM THE EAST
Site for One of Four Great Army
Posts to Be Located in
California. ;.: •
Major General Young has returned
from Washington, where he has been
serving on a board of officers appointed
by the Secretary of War to make recom
mendations for the enlargement of some
of the military posts, the abandonment
of others and the establishment of new
ones. He resumed command of the de
partment yesterday morning, relieving
Colonel Rawles, who has fulfilled the du
ties of the position during tho absence
of the general. ••
Four permanent posts are to be select
ed in the United States, where large
bodies of troops may be drilled. Consid
erable influence has been exerted to have
one of these located in California. Los
Angeles and Santa Cruz have both been
mentioned as suited to the. requirements
of the War Department, and it Is "prob
able that one of these cities will be
chosen.
General Randal, commander of the De
partment of Columbia, and General Koke
will confer with General Young and rec
ommend a site somewhere w°ithln the lim
its of the State at least. The work of
the board is secret and the public will
not be informed of the result of investi
gations until official action is taken at
the next meeting of the board some time
in January.
Despondent Man Commits Suicide.
John J. Craven, a collector, 73 years old,
committed suicide " last .Friday night in
his room at 311 Jessie street by swallow
ing carbolic add. Craven had been af
flicted for a long time- with catarrh, bron
chitis and rheumatism, and he became
very despondent. He was found dead
yesterday forenoon by a fellow roomer.
The body was taken to the Morgue and
an inauest will be held. Mrs. Anna L.
I lad sell, the landlady, informed the Cor
oner's deputies that Craven told her last
night that he intended to kill himself by
taking carbolic acid, adding that it waa
a very hard thing to do.
Southern Pacific Company Csnsured.
Coroner Lcland Held an inquest yester
day on the body of Hugh Golden, a la
borer, who was killed on December 14
while working at a railroad turntable in
the railroad yards at Fourth and Town
send streets. Golden was only 29 years
old and resided at 415 & Eleventh street.
The Jury returned a verdict as follows:
"Golden's death was caused by accident,
and we censure the Southern Pacific Com
pany for not having employed a regular
crew for operating the turntable whereon
the deceased met his death, and exonerate
the engineer and fireman from all blame."
Beautiful Children — See California types In
Tt'asp'B Christmas number. Cosmopolitan Cali
fornia .illustrated. ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1901.
LAWYERS TALK
AND THEN DINE
»
California State Bar As
sociation Finishes
Its Work.
D. M. Delmas Delivers a Fine
Address on an Economic
Subject.
The California State Bar Association is
now fairly launched. The days, of its
travail are over and the work of organi
zation will now give way to earnest labor
on legal problems that confront the law
yers and the jurisfa in their every-day
work.
During the morning session of the asso
ciation convention yesterday the assem
bled attorneys listened to reports 1 1 on.
special committees In the maple room ol
the Palace. In the afternoon in the Su
preme Court chambers addresses were de
livered by Frank N. Short of Fresno ana
D. M. Delmas. Then came the banquet
in the evening at tho California Hotel
and the final adjournment until next
year's convention. t
Delmas' address was the feature of the
day's proceedings. To a crowded court
room he reviewed the struggles between
labor and capital, analyzed the natural
antipathies brought out in the conflict
and ended in a fine rhetorical passage,
suggesting justice as the remedy to crown
the reconciliation of the two.
"Justice as a Factor in Economical
Problems" was his subject. Running
through his discouroe was the theme of
justice. So effective was the address
upon the audience that the association
resolved to have printed 100.000 copies,
which will be distributed throughout the
State.
Committee Suggestions.
At the beginning of the morning ses
sion Van R. Paterson of the Judiciary
committee reported on a plan to relieve
the congestion of business In the Supreme
Court. He said he had been in consulta
tion with Chief Justice Beatty and he
thought his suggestion was the best. This
was for the establishment of three appel
late courts in different cities of the State
— one In Los Angeles, one in San Jose and
one in this city. A committee of seven
will be appointed to devise such means
as may be practicable and feasible for
the relief of the Supreme Court.
The Superior Judges and District Attor
neys throughout the State were appoint
ed a committee on extension.
The committee on legal education ad
vised a plan of qualification and admis
sion to the bar. It was suggested that a
commission of three be appointed by the
Supreme Court to give both written and
oral examinations to applicants.
Frank N. Short's address was an urgent
call for help on the part of every lawyer
In the State to better legal conditions.
Itelmas' Stirring Address.
Mr. Short was succeeded by D. M. Del
mas. It was the peroration of Delmas'
speech that roused the audience. It is
as follows:
Side by side with the work of education shall
that of religion proceed. Unmistakable indi
cations seem to leave no room to doubt that if
the church — Protestant or Catfcollc — would re
tain its position as a controlling factor in
shaping the actions of men, it must place Itself
in thd forefront of that longing for economic
jurtico which 13 now so powerfully agitating
the mae«s. They mistake the temper of tho
times they fail to rate at its proper valiio
the intellectual development brought about by
universal education, who fancy that the minds
of the multitude can long continue to be en
tertained, or the yearning of their hearts be
satisfied, with theological disquisitions about
controverted dogmas, or the pageants of cere
nicnial worship.
Tho people will no longer believe that the
paramount function of religion is to prepare
mou for the life to come. They will insist that
Its office is to help them to right living In tho
life this side the grave. The downtrodden and
the oppressed will refuse assent to the doc
trine that to bear wrongs without a murmur
is meritorious in the sight of God, or that the
sufferings of this life constitute the surest title
to everlasting Joy in heaven. The twentieth
century will cast aside these doctrines as the
false teachings of a past age — an age when
the church derived Its support from the favors
of a triumphant militancy, taught the divine
right of kings to reign, and. on condition of
becoming a partaker in their rule, helped
princes to keep their peoples In subjection by
inculcating the doctrine of submission to au
thority — an age when, to borrow the language
of England's illustrious historian, "the moat
slavish theory that has ever been known among
men prevailed," and when "no breach of law
or contract, no excess of cruelty, rapacity or
licentiousness on the part of a rightful king
could justify his people in withstanding him
by force."
Once more, as in the days of the Apostles
and the martyrs, the true nature of Christ's
mission upon earth shall stand revealed. Ones
more his teachings, disentangled from the en
cumbering casuistry of schoolmen and the
subtleties of theologians, shall be understood In
their true and sublime simplicity. Once more
his gospel shall b<? known to be the gospel of
humanity, his kingdom the brotherhood of
man, and his rule the sway of eternal Justice.
And bo. through the enlightenment of the
Intellect and the purification of the heart, final!
justice be established among the peoples of
the earth. And eo peace shall be proclaimed
between the contending hosts of capital and la
bor on' that day when, not only up3n the
frieze of the courthouse in the valley of Santa
Clara, but over the entrance of every sencol,
collpge and university, and above the portal of
every chapel, church and cathedral, shall be
Inscribed the sanctifying words Justltlae Ded
icata, and when, even thus, by a common and
unlv«rpal impulse of mind and of heart, of rea
son and of sentiment, the abodes of law. edu
cation and religion shall all be equally devoted,
dedicated, consecrated to Justice.
TEXAS REPRESENTATIVE
Hi DAWS0N IS OUSTED
Governor Say res Revokes the Coom
mission Issued to Dr. Willis
E. Everett.
TACOMA, Dec. 21.— Late in Novem
ber the acting American Consul in
Dawson received a proclamation from
Governor Joseph D. Sayres of Texas re
voking a commission previously issued to
Dr. Willis E. Everett to act as Commis
sioner of Deeds for Texas in the Yukon
territory. Governor Sayres' letter and
proclamation stated that evidence on file
in his office disclosed that Everett was
not a proper person to hold such office or
to perform the duties Imposed on him by
reason of his appointment.
In defending himself Dr. Everett says
that Governor Sayres' letter of Instruc
tions was ambiguous, and that under date
of September 10. he wrote to the Governor
that he would cease to act further until
the vague sections of his instructions
were construed by the Texas executive.
Everett was formerly Commissioner of
Deeds in Dawson for Alaska and Califor
nia. He went to Dawson from. Tacoma
in 189S, having formerly conducted here
the largest assaying business in the
Northwest. . .
Chinese Plot to Evade Exclusion.
PORT TOWNSEND, Dec. 21.-Informa
tion received here by members of the
local Chinese colony is to the effect that
a large number of stock companies are
being organized in the southern provinces
of China, with capitals of $1,000,000 and
upward, and stock to the amount of $500
will be issued to Chinese coming to
America, so that they can show upon be
ing examined by the customs officials at
the pert of entry that they belong to the
exempt class, or merchants. This action
is said to be the result of the agitation
for a more stringent exclusion law at the
expiration of the present law next May.
Killed by a Trolley Car.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 21.— Charles M.
Myers, superintendent of Ihe City Park]
was run over and killed by a trolley ear
in Upper Albina to-day. He was driving
across the streetcar track in a buggy
when his horses started to run away,
throwing Myers on the track In front of
a car. The fall stunned him. and the
rapidly moving car ran over his body.
SQUALL UPSETS
AMATEUR SAILOR
Harvey Darneal Jr. Nar
rowly Escapes Being
Drowned.
Chief Officer of the Tiburon
Saves Canoeist Prom an
Untimely Death.
Harvey "Darneal Jr., a member of
the Alameda Canoe Club, had a nar
row escape from, death yesterday. He
was out for a sail with his baby
fore and main sails set and was rushing
along at a great gait when the Tiburon
hove in sight. Captain White saw a squall
coming and sounded a warning whistle,
but the canoeist only wavcM a handker
cl.ief and laughed. Suddenly the squall
struck the Email craft and as both sails
were fast over she went in an instant.
The Tiburon was at once put about and
after half an hour's hard work both canoe
and canoeist got aboard. The latter was
treated to a hot drink and sent to the
engine room to dry out.
Had it not been for Chief Officer A.
Paulson of the Tiburon the man in the
water would probably have lost his life.
He let go his hold on the canoe and was
going down when Paulson jumped over
board and held him up until assistance
came.
Darneal is a son of Hervey Darneal,
official stenographer in the Alameda
County Superior Court, residing 1 at 903
Grand street, Alameda. Young- : Darneal
said last night:
"I had bought the canoe at Tiburon
to-day and started to sail the boat back
to Alameda. There was a sliding j seat
attachment with which I was not
familiar. In making a tack the canoe
capsized. I had it almost righted when
the steamer's boat picked me up."
Darneal is an expert canoeist. He is a
member of the Alameda Boating Club
and the Enclnal Yacht Club and ranks
as one of the best amateur boatmen on
the bay.
The Darneals are among the leading
families of Alameda. . i
SFTJRIOTJS MASONS' LODGES
IN THE. EASTERN STATES
Seceders From the Craft Do Not
, Disturb Fraternity of This
Community.
The fact that certain individuals who
were once Masons of lodges in Ohio with
drew from the craft because dissatisfied
with certain rulings and organized what
they term lodges of Masons in that State
and in New York State does not disturb
the Masonic fraternity of this community.
There is but one Masonic fraternity, and
under the law of that order -there can be
but one. It does not matter how many
so-called Masonic lodges may be organ
ized without the consent of the head of
the order, they are not lodges of Free and
Accepted Masons.
One of the charges delivered to the
worshipful master of every Masonic
lodge is that he promises that he will not
recognize any lodge or body of men who
are not working under a charter granted
by the proper authorities. Any lodge
that is "organized without the charter of
the true fraternity is recognized as a
spurious institution and none of its mem
bers can affiliate with or enter any Ma
sonic lodgeroonj. Therefore those individ
uals who have joined the new organiza
tions of eelf-styled Masons are only such
in name, but not in fact. So far as Ma
sonry is concerned, while they may be
working along the lines of Masonry, they
will never be recognized by any Masonic
body. , '
Grand Master Wells of the jurisdiction
of California is of the opinion that the
movement will not amount to anything
for the reason that those who are inter
ested in it have not a charter nor can
they obtain one.
It was the opinion of a number of prom
inent Masons in this city yesterday that
when those who have been induced to
join the spurious lodges realize that they
are not Masons and will not be recog
nized as such they will drop out and
cease to be members of an organization
that has no standing in the fraternal
world.
SEVERAL RINGS FOUND
Or THEIR POSSESSION
Harry Howard and Edward Larkiu
Arrested on Suspicion That
They Are Thieves.
Harry Howard and Edward Larkln were
arrested by Policemen Driscoll and Jucl
in a vacant lot. en Turk street, between
Mason and Taylor, early yesterday morn
ing, as they were acting in a suspicious
manner. They were taken to the City
Prison, and when Larkin was searched
eight rings were found in his pockets.
One had a redstone'and the others were
plain gold rings. Howard had a plain
gold' ring in his pocket.
They were locked up in the "tanks"
pending an investigation and the proba
ble discovery of the owners of the rings.
While Driscoll was arresting Howard ho
was observed to throw something away
and after the officers returned from tho
City Prison they made a search of the
vacant lot and found a revolver, evidently
tho article thrown away by Howard.
Drug Clerks Elect Officers.
The San Francisco Drug Clerks' Asso
ciation has changed itH place of meeting
and- will in future meet at B'nai B'rlth
Hall.. Eddy street, the first and third Fri
days in each month. The following have
been elected officers of the association:
Past president, W. H. Adalr; president. H.
P. Wynne; first vice president, E. J. Molony;
record vice president. F. D. Drlscoll; record-
Ing secretary, Thomas R. Flood; correspond
ing secretary, O. Eastland; financial secretary,
J. M. F. Eitel; treasurer, W. II. Adalr; Ruar
dlan, V. Li. de Figueredo; guide, P. Weiss;
trustees — C. L. Branian, D. L. Perrone and W.
K. Perry. W. H. Seay and J. H. Hubarhik
were elected delegates to the Labor Council.
Sadie Truby Kills Herself.
Miss Sadie Truby, a house servant em
ployed by Mrs. E. C. Rennle at 1504 Mis
sion street, committed suicide last Friday
night by asphyxiating herself with illumi
nating: sas In her room. She was found
sittinp 1n a chair fully dressed, with both
valves of the gas burners open and the
windows tightly fastened. The door was
locked from the Inside. She has three
sisters living in this city. They Informed
the Morgue officials that they knew of no
reason why the deceased should have
killed herself.
MEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT IS A PABASITE.
That Causes Itching Scalp, Dandruff,
and Finally, Falling Hair.
■ • ■' ■ ■'." ■ ■ ifj
The ltchingr scalp, the falling: hair and
the dandruff that annoys axe the work of
a parasite hidden in. the scalp. That par-
asite must be killed to cure dandruff; and
the only, preparation that will do that is
Newbro's Herpicide. "Destroy the cause,
you remove the effect."
. C. H. Reed of Victor, Idaho, says: "My- ]
self and wife had dandruff and falling hair
several years. Two bottles of Newbro's
Herpicide completely cured us, after sev-
eral other hair preparations had failed to
do good." Makes hair grow glossy and
soft as silk. Hundreds of other testi-
monials just as strong.
■BBBB9BBBBHBBBBBBBBBBBBHBBtfBBBaBBaBBa BBBDSDB B
B ' ' "' B
RS fc^aW^'El. GfTte^^' K»3 '^^^ w^^j^^^ .
g. ■ |
KB i -. • . ■•
E3 - --- 5
5'" > ATTHF B
ra ,.AT THE.. ;g
I GOLDEN GATE I
E3 - . S
B . ■
■ THE LOWEST PRICED HOUSE ON THE PACIFIC COAST FOR g
g - STYLISH AND RELIABLE QUALITY GARMENTS. |
g RAGLANS and H COATS at CUT PRICES. Made of standard qual- §
ki ity Kersey, Cheviot and Castor Cloth, yoke effect, double capes and g
g ■ tailor strapped. Cut rate, $10.O0, $12.50, $15.00. $17.50, gj
q $20.00. Were $12.50, $15.00, $20.00, $22.50, $25.00. □
5 EXTRA FINE QUALITY PEAU DE SOIE AND TAFFETA RAG- S
§5 LANS AND NEWMARKETS, elegantly trimmed and lined. Cut q
1 Prices, $37.50, $40.00, $45.00, $55.00. Former Price, $50.00, B
S3 ' $57-5°, $60.00, $75.00. g
S STYLISH TAILOR-MADE SUITS, plain and fancy trimmed. Made £
n in the very latest fashion, perfect fitting. Cut Prices, $8.5O, ■
g $10.00, $12.50, $15.00, $17.50, $20.00. Former price, B
n $10.00, $12.00, $15.00, $20.00, $22.50, $25.00. b
S NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS, high-class tailoring. Cut Prices. $25.00, • S
2 $30.00, 935.OO. Were $30.00, $37.00, $4500. g
g RIVER MINK AND ELECTRIC SEAL FUR CAPES. Cut Prices, ■
g $8.50, $10.00, $12.50, $15.00, $17.50, $22.50. Were S
g $12.50, $15.00, $17.50, $20.00, $25.00, $30.00. g
H GENUINE MINK AND SABLE CAPES. SPECIAL Cut Prices.' ■
g $45.00, $60.00, $85.00, $05.00. Were $52.50, $75.00, $100.00, ■
g • $125.00. . . g
B 500 FEATHER BOAS, $7.50 to $40.00. m
S 1000 FUR BOAS at Cut Prices, $1.25, $1.5O, $1.75. $2.OO. S
§j $2.5O, $3.OO, $3.5O. . . Q
® ] • b
§ 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. |
B • ■'•-'% H
BBHBBBBBHBBBBHaBBaiHBHBBBEHBEHBH8BHaHaBBBnHBB
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME t
JEFFERSON f DcANGELIS
In the Operatic Novelty,
• "A ROYAL RCGUB/*
BEGINNING MONDAY 2
to-morrow i»tvmu/*i *
MATINEES SATURDAYS.
I SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEES I
CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR' * DAYS |
m
In a dramatic version by Paul Leicester Kord
and Edward Id. Rose of the former's
widely read romantic revolu-
tionary story,
Under the Management of
FRANK mcKEE.
* PRICES— $1 60. $1. 75c, 60c. 25c.
C0LUMBIAJHEATE8.
TUESDAY AND FRIDAY AFTERNOON.
January 28 and 31,
JOSEF HOFMANN
PIANO RECITALS.
Reserved seats 50c to $2.
Management HENRY WOLFSOHN.
Jwl, \BLJB3 Bub X" vft llf^ri 3 1 tj m
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OF
"DIPLOMACY."
Christmas "Week. Beginning To-morrow (Mon-
dayl Evening. •
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE CHRISTMAS.
MINNIE SELIGMAN
In a Magnificent Scenic Production of*
"CARMEN."
■ Beautifully Staged. Elegantly Costumed.
Special Engagement of the Marvelous Dancers,
. ROSE AND JEANNETTE.
Incidental Music From Scare of Opera.
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c. C5c, 50c. 73c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
i • *^ C7CTS CTT/ tUA\
MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c. 15c. 25c.
TO-NIGHT— Last Time— The Big Hit.
MULDOON'S PICNIC.
Songs, Medleys, Dances, Eccentric Acts and
All Kinds of Wholesome Amusement.
pprfpc Evenings. .' 10c to 50c
intWEJ Matinees 10c, 15c. 25c
TO-MORROW (Monday) EVENING — Our Xmas
Production.
Sumptuous Presentation of
"THE SILVER KING."
EXTRA MATINEE XMAS DAY (Wednesday,
-■ . , December 25).
CHUTES_and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Bil!,
INCLUDING-
DEAVES' MERRY MANIKINS,
• Direct from the Orpheum.
BIG CHRISTMAS TREE.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
AanrsEMB-NTS.
EVE»TINGS At 8 SHARP.
MATINEES SATURDAY. CHRISTMAS AND
NEW TEAR'S DAYS at 2 Sharp.
"FULL OF CHARMING FEATUBES."
Ferris Hart man's Holiday Spectacle.
PAUL BTEIXDORFF. Musical Director.
DELICIOUS MUSIC. FASCINATING FUN.
EVERT CHILD SHOULD SEE IT.
ALL THE FAVORITES OF THE FAMOUS
TIVOLI COMPANY IN THE CAST.
THE LATEST SONGS! BRIGHT DIALOGUE!
STUNNING COSTUMES!
BRILLIANT SCENERY!
Including FREDERICK B. McGREER'S
Lovely Transformation,
NURSERY RHYMESJOF MOTHER GOOSE.
POPULAR PRICES — 25c. 80c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
' Starting "With TO-NIGHT
MATS. XMAS DAY AND SATURDAY.
Chas. H. Yale's Everlasting
DEVIL'S AUCTION,
20th Edition and the Best Ever
SEATS READY— sv.
NEXT SUNDAY, Deo. 2a
BLACK PATTi
TROUBADOURS.
This Year Everything N»w
Mata - 5^"' 1^-
Ok-r h i(atr k*a X
Belasco & Thall, Msrs. —
Matinee To-Day and " Wi^ im-j/St
THK GAY M°K. 'LIGHT- J"!^!5.Xf?
Our Holiday Fun! *H~<? t*Sa
Special Matinee — Xmas
CHARLEY'S i§llp
Don't do anythlnsr till j^ V*V /
you see her. A laugh a A a *% i
minute for two hours. _,.»" . «s ; "S.-i>»
r RICES— 15c, 25c. S5c. _*%*> fiUZtfr
60c and 75c. Regular
Matinee Saturday and • i>taas»S^-^\
fcunday: ■■ ■ 1 1 i
RACING
•"" ."^* 1^* Every Week Day—
■**. Rain or Shtao.
NfcW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
> OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. «harD.
..., Fe ? ry " boat3 le a y e San Francisco at 12 m and
12:U0. 1. l:M. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. «mn«cMnk
with trains stopplns at the entrance to the
traclc. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All train. vU
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway? Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole cor-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four
teenth «nd Broadwuy. Oakland. These electric
cars ko direct to the track In fifteen^ mlnmes
ReturnlnB— Trains leave the track at™15ind
4:45 p. m. and imr"-4lately after the last Var.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Prea'deirt
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and MgrT
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO
vs.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STARS.
TO-DAY AT 2:3O.
RECREATION PARK
i Eiuhth and Harrison Street! '
AMUSEMENTS. /
_, _, , _, - .. '- ' ' i»"
e ©
§ WEEK COMMENCING g
© THI 5 AFTERNOON, DEC. 22 g
$ . (SPECIAL. MATINEE THURSDAY. ©
© Dec. =6.) g
© THE GREAT ©
I ORPHEUM I
I ROAD I
I SHOW! I
0 (Direction MARTIN 1 BECK.) q
I McINTYRE AND HEATH I
0 Premier Exponents of Negro Comedy.-^
I JOE WELCH I
£ In -a Study From Life. Q
! ELIZABETH MURRAY I
g Songs and Stories. jp
I W, C. FIELDS §
• Eccentric Juggler.
I UNION CATLING GUARDS |
0 In a Realistic Battle Scene. ©
Imagomber&engletons
9 - Travesty Stars. 5
I THE SERENADERS !
© Operatic Novelty. •
I LES AGLOS" I
Q Equilibrists. £
O i O
© Parquet, 25c, any seat: Balcony, 10c: O
A Children. 10c. any part except re- m
X served. A few front Orchestra row*, -^
3? reserved, 50c; front rows ot Balcony,- A
" reserved, 25c. 'j*
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHK eaiCZ, Jcdgs; J13. T. GHACS, Slipper.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY . - - - December 2»
%
TWO NOTABLE
COURSING EVENTS.
bi?6C13l jIHIC6S
* o
95— NOMINATIONS-96
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 10:11
a. m.. 11 a. m., 12 fn. and 1 p. m. Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets ten minutes late»\
Returning at 4:45 p. m. and after tha last
course. San JIateo electric cars every four
minutes
ADMISSION 25 CENTS— IADIES FREE.
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near ElghtiL
GAMES Af~2:30 P. M.
EVERT THURSDAY. SATURDAY AJID SUN-
DAY^
more Excrrcra than buix fighting.
THE GREATEST GAME OF THE AGE.
ADMISSION 23c AND 00c
FISCHER'S concert house.
riOtnjjn O Admission lOc.
Eleanora Jenkins; Williams and Earl; Lamar
and Hall: Coleman and Mexis: Elizabeth Nel-
la; the Paloma Quartette and Hlnrichs' Or-
chestra. Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sun-
day and Christmas.
PALACE and |
GRAND HOTELS.
On ona side of these magnificent
hctels Is the wholesale and aanu-
facturers' district— on the other re- i
tall stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
. at«rs. Street cars to alt parts ot
the city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass tho entrance.
American and European plans.
WEEKLY CALL
©/ It Publish^ the Cream of to*
J Newa or the Week and
©} MANY ATTRACTIVE AND*
o^ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ it is the best whe;c».y
©< PAPEK ON Trm
J PACIFIC COASI
3 \ / "~
J l*J Best \ S Mining
*j T'/legraphic \/ News That
°\ iervice on y\. Is Accurate
oc The Coast / \& up to daU 1
•K —
c/ Not a Line of it Sensational
©< or Faky, and Not a Line of
J it Dry or Uninteresting.
Cx Brlxht. Clean. A ChampoJ •!
j Thoughtful. I ruth.
2 * CAlffORWA NEWSPAPtl -i vjf
~J AIL TH£ TLML #^
o) n *3V0CAUS I SLHT BY
KOME MAIL, $1
9f IM0USTR1C5 1 AYLULFRENCH BARK GENEVIEVE MOLINOS
ARRIVES IN BALLAST FROM HAVRE
Sails Half Way Round World With Only Sand in Her Hold in Order
to Secure a Cargo of Wheat for England and Furnishes Example of
Vv'hat Subsidy Law Has Done for Vessels Flying Tricolor of France
AMONG the vessels arriving here
yesterday were the French bark
Genevlve Molinos and the
schooner Allen of the sugar
fleet. The former comes all the
tray from France in ballast in order to
secure a grain charter. Owine to the
lli^ral subsidy KlXowed its merchant ma
rine l-y the French Government the ves-
Edc flying the tricolor can come from the
ends ot" the earth to California in ballast
and compete with all nationalities In the
•«^»Ttter of charters.
The Genevlve Molinos had a most
eventful voyage. She left Havre for San
Francisco 123 days ago and made a splen
did run to the equator. On October 5 In
the afternoon a sudden gale came up that
threw the sliin aback and for hours she
would not answer her helm. Finally the
rr.ain lower and upper topsails were car
ried away and the bark paid off. After
the erale had blown itself out fresh sails
■were bent and the vessel once more placed
on her course. Another gale was run into
ne3r the Hern, but strange to say off the
Cepe of Storms the Molinos encountered
Ti< ihir.g but light winds and calms.
Once around the Horn, however, all
kinds of weather was experienced and
in latitude SO degrees south and longi
tude '2 dc-prees west a heavy thunder
storm made the crew think the end of
the earth had come. The run up the
coast was a favorable one and had It not
bten for the fog Captain Lemaitre thinks
he would have made port a week ago. As
it la the Genevlve Molinos has made a
record run from Havre and her captain
says she can do better.
The Molinos is a new vessel and comes
on her maiden voyage to this port. She
■was built two years ago at Nantes for
the Sccietie des Vorllers, France, and is
15S? tons net burden. She is 270 feet five
Inches long, thirty-nine feet seven Inches
bi-cn and twenty-two feet three inches
deep She is a handsome bark of the
gFicnch type.
The Overdue Fleet.
The anxiety over the Narcissus was in
cieased yesterday by the arrival of the
Italian ship Zilla. The latter left Genoa
tlxty days after the former and both had
fair weather to the equator. Captain
Stiitccalugl was very much surprised
ytsterday v.hen he learned that the Nar
cissus had not arrived. The reinsurance
rate en the latter vessel has advanced to
2i ;>er cent.
1 iit- rate on the British Robert Duncan,
eight y-two days out Wei Hai "Wei for
Puget Sound, has advanced to €0 per cent.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Maticrs cf Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Th<? Br tifh Fhip Win. Mitchell is chartered
ror wheat at Portland for Europe. 41s 3d, prior
to arrival. The German bark Seestern will
!.-sd wheat and flour at Portland for Europe.
;.'. c I'd. chattered jirior tr> arrival. The barks
K< der.ck I'hu and St. Katherine will load mer
chandise hfi* for HHo.
Shipment of Grain.
The British ship Miltjades was cleared yes
terday for Queenftown, for orders, with 9277
rf.s wheat, valued at $0500. and S5.752 ctls
barter, valued at 531,300. Tbe vessel carries
i.,i : t.~j -ir-i imaber as dunnage, valued at $330.
General Cargo for London.
The Dutch s-hij> K^-dorland was cleared yes
terday s'or London w.th th? following cargo,
va.uod at $302.40: C+,01'.* cy canned salmon,
LfM cs canned truit, 61*068 gals and 5 cs wine.
1.v<-45 lbs lima beans, 11,874 !bs ca«cara bark.
s bb!s catEi.-ii. 14.7-11 ctls Liarlc-y and 14,000 ft
lumber as dur.r.are.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, December 21.
Stnar Pomona. Shea, 18 hours from Eureka.
Sunr Columbia, Doran. 53^-i hour* from
Portland, via AMoria 4i hours. •
Strr.r Gualala, Genert&ux, 16 hour* from
Ca?;i8 r.
Sur.r National City, Dettmers. 14 hours from
Fcrt Braiis.
Stmr l:uth, "Weber. 57 houi s from • San
Pedro.
Stmr Proereso, Harfiinc 83 hours" from Se
att!e.
Stir.r Acme, Luadquist. 76 hours from Port
land.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, IS hours from West
port.
Stmr Acme, Lundauist, 76 hours from As
toria.
fc-tmr Luella, Madsen, 12 hours from Bowers
Landing; bound to San Pedro; put in to land
j.aKsen~ers.
Bark S C Allen, Johnson, 25 days from
Honolulu.
Dark Santiago, Er.galls, 20 days from Hono
lulu.
Fr t>2rk Genevive Molincs, Lemaitre, 120
day« from Havre.
l-"r bark Cassard. Allaire, 151 days from
Svanea.
Ital bark Zilia. Sc'.accaluca, 131 days from
Genoa.
Iir bark Etrathdcn, "Walker, 67 days from
?<fv;ra?t\f, Aus.
Schr Slary Etta, Halversen, 5^4 days from
SitrElaK.
Krhr V.' H Marston, Curtis, 18 days from
Ilonoi'j'u.
CLEARED.
Saturday, December 21.
S*.mr Urr.atilla. Cousins, Victoria; Goodall,
I'crkir.s & Co.
Br Bbls lliltiadcs, Gambell, Queenstown; G
W McXear.
Dutch ship Xcderland, "Wiebes, London; Bal
four. Guthrie & Co.
Bark W B Flint, Johnson, Kahului and
Siakavvcli; Alexander & Baldwin.
SAILED.
Saturday, December 21.
Ptmr Corcna. Gielow, San Pedro.
Kinir V.ai-htenaw, Parker, Tacoma.
Stmr N'evarro, Olsen. Bowcns Landing.
Ftmr Hulh, IUsxIt.s, Albion.
Stmr Alcatraz, Ca.-lson. .
Stmr Arcata, Kelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, Mendoclno.
Ktmr Brunswick. Andresen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Luelia, Madscn. San Pedro.
I>r ship Afon A law, Thomas, Queenetown.
P.ktn City of Papeete, Ipmen. Port Ludlow.
S<-r.r Jennie Griffin. CamobelL Point Reyes.
Schr Clendale, Grcr.vold. Tacoma.
STCKEX.
Per Itat hark Zilia— Dec 1G, lat 33 S2 X. Ion
1"1 14 W, Br s=hi;> Craigerne, from Newcastle,
AtoM, for San r rare! sen.
No daU\ lat 14 X, Ion 36 W — Br ship Castle
v^vSS PJ r h r 1 s t -
BHl fihThir
SilPpp SEALSKIR
S^0^^. GARMENTS
Stylish, up-to-date cut and make-
for the Smart Set.
Best Goods and Lowest Prices.
AD, KOCOUR,
RELIABLE FURRIER.
ROOMS 7 TO II.
!2I POST STREET,
(Don't Mistake the Number).
CIEN EVENINGS DURING THE HOL.DATS.
THE FRENCH BARK GEXEVIBVE MOLINOS MAKING PORT IN BAL
LAST. SHE CAME ALL THE WAX FROM FRANCE TO LOAD
WHEAT FOR ENGLAND.
Rock, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Per Fr bark Genevlve Molinos — Dec 12. lat
35 X. Ion 133 W, Ger bark Bertha, from
Santos, for Astoria. . . _
Dec 7. lat 1'^i ao N, Ion 125 14 W. saw a
four-masted ship, painted lead color, sobering
south.
Per bark Santia^o-^Dec 17. lat "9 N, Ion 130
W, Ger or Fr bark B M P Q, 152 days out.
TELEGKAPKIC.
POINT LOBOi?, Dec 21, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind calm.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Caytain Paulson ot" stmr Curacao at Santa
Rosalia reports on Dec 17: At present and
for the last week stror.g north wind has been
blowing here, which causes delays in discharg
ing vetsils.
DOMESTIC POP.T.S.
GRAYS HARBOR — Kaik-d Lee 10 — Stmr Co
ronado. for Kan Pedro.
Arrived Dec 20 — fctmr Grace Dollar, hence
Dec 17.
Sailed Dec £0 — Schr R W Bartlett, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Dec CO — Schr Allen A. from Re
dondo; schr Maweenia. from San Pedro; stmr
Ean Pedro, from Astoria.
Sailed Dec 20 — Schr Halcyon, for San Fran
cisco. .
EUREKA — Palled Dec 21 — Schr David
Evans, from Salina Crvz.
Arrived Dec 21 — Stmr Eureka, hence Dec 20;
stmr North Fork, hence Dec 20.
Sailed Dec 21— Schr Bertie Minor, f or . San
Pedro: ptmr Homer, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Dec 21 — Stmr .Teanie.
from Hunters Bay. Dsc 20— Stmr Excelsior,
from Yaldez.
PORT TQWN\SEXD— Ppn«d in Dec 21— 1>
bark Cumbrian Chieftain, from Pence; Ger fhip
AHterkaw.p. firm Karrbur?.
Arrived Dec 21 — iir thiu Avensrer. from Co
quimbo.
Arrived Dec "1 — Pr ftrar Oooacl:. from Yo
kohama: bark Prussia. h?noe Dec 5, for Port
Blakaley; schr Admiral, from Guayaquil; schr
Corona, from S«n P°r!ro.
Arrived D?c 01 — Br ship Marechal Suchet,
from Valparaiso.
POINT RKYEP— P3«<?d Do<-. ?i — Stmr Pasi
dena, from Eureka, for San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 21 — Schr Alvena, for
San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Dec 21— Schr Wary
Dode<?. for Eureka: schr Comr-t, for Port
Townsend; stmr Meteor, for San Francisco;
echr A F Coates. for Falrhaven; bark Vldette,
for Port Town. o <?nd.
BALLARD — Arrived Dec 21— Schr A II Bax
ter, from San Pedro.
PORT LUDLOW — Failed Dec 21 — Schr Mary
and Ida. for San Francisco.
CRESCENT CITY — Sailed Dec 21, at 2 p m
— Etmr Crescent City, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived Dec 21 — Stmr G W El
der. her.ee Dec 19; Br ship Glenlui, from Val
paraiso.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Dec 21 — Br ship Caith
ners-phlre, for Artcna.
NEAH BAY— Pp~?ed Ir.xrard D»c 21— S*"ir
San Mateo. from Pert Los Anzcles, for Xa
nalmo. •
Parsed outward Pec ?i — Nor bark Ida, from
Vancouver. fr. r fnitpc! Kirr^om.
POBT LOS ANGELES — Arrived Dec 21 —
Ptmr StPte of California, from San Diego, for
San F«-pTirl«"o.
PORTLAND— Sailed Dec 21— Stmr Fulton,
for S:».n Francisco: stmr Alliance, for San
Fmn'"!.«co.
Fnltpd rw>f ?1 — Ptmr Foreric. for Manila.
MKNDOCINO — Sailed Dec 21 — Stmr Celia,
for San Francipco.
EASTERN PORT.
PHILADELPHIA — Cleared Dec 20— Stmr
Oreuonian, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Dec 19— Stmr San Jose,
for San Francisco. Dec 18— Stmr City of Syd
ney, for Panama.
HULL— Arrived Dec 10— Br ehlp Howth,
frorr. Tacoma.
BKACHY HEAD — Passed Dec 20 — Br ehlp
Kvnance, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG — Sailed Dec 21 — Jaa stmr
Hongkong Maru, for San Francisco.
SANTA ROSALIA — Arrived Dec 2 — Ger bark
Pallas, from Hamburg. Dec 13 — Ger bark Als
terufer. from Hamburg. Dec 15 — Ger ship Os
tara, from Hamburg.
To fail Dec 18 — Ger bark Falkirk.*for Ore
gon. Dec 2G — Br'shlp Ardnamurehan. for Ore
pen. About Jan 17 — Ger ehlp Schlffbek. for
Tacoma.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
AUCKLAND — Sailed Dec 21 — Stmr Ventura,
from Sydney. NSW, for San Francisco.
HAMBURG — Arrived Dec 21 — Stmr Palatia.
from Mew York.
LIVT.RPOOL — Arrived Dec 21 — Stmr Luca
nln. from New York.
Sailed Dec 21 — Stmrs Taurlc and . Umbrla,
for New York.
GENOA — Arrived Dec 21 — Stmr Aller. from
New York, via Naples.
NAPLES— Arrived Dec 19— Stmr Yanstsp,
from Seattle, via Hlogo, etc, for London or
Antwerp.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Dec 17 — Stmr
Victoria, from Tacoma, via Yokohama.
CHERBOURG — Sailed Dec 21 — Stmr St Paul,
from Southampton, for New York.
HAVRn— Sailed Dec. 21— Stmr La Cham
paen«\ for New York.
NEW YORK — Sailed Dec 21— Stmr Mesaba.
for London: stmr Amsterdam, for Rotterdam;
«tmr Ktruria. for Liverpool: Btmr Marquett*".
for London ; stmr Pretoria, for Hambure, via
Plvmovlh.
HALIFAX— Arrived Dec 21— Stmr Parisian,
from Liverpool, for St Johns, N. B.
BOSTON — Arrived Dec 21 — Stmr Pomeran
ian, from Glarstow.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coa«t and Geodetic Survy—
TImpfl and Heights of HlKh and I>ow
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1901.
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide i3 the same at both places.
SUNDAY. DECEMBER 22.
Sun rls>es ■ -j.n^
Sun rises '.'. .;;".".*.,'.'.^.4:58
Moon geta Z:X,d a. m.
C jTime Tirm< Time Time
E. ! Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» L -\V H W L \V H W
22 1:40 2.4 8:02 0.3 3:07—0.7 10:10 4 5
23 2:35 2.G 8:50 CO 4:00 — 1111:02 47
24 3:28 2.7 0:40 6.7 4:46—1.4 11:66 4.9
2a 4:19 2.7 10:35 6.7 5:32—1.4
H W L W H W L W
23 0:41 5.0 5:11 2.8 11:21 6.5 G:1S— 13
27 1:28 5.1 6:06 2.7 12:11 6.2 7:03—1.0
28 2:11| 5.3 7:04 2.C l:0<3 5.S 7:48—0.5
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
Gay in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( )
ElgTi precedes the height, and then the number
friven is subtracted from tlie depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. . Due.
W. Kruger... San Pedro fj°e 2°
Chag. Nelson. Seattle " Dec i"*
Sequoia Grays Harbor !.|Dec 22
Santa Barb.. San Ptdro 'Dec 22
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pcrt« Dec 22
Coronado Grays Harbor ; ;-, Dec! 2;S
Asuncion Tacoma d cc o->
Hyades Seattle ;-". Dec' %\
Crescent City I Crescent City Dec 2.!
Eureka (Humboldt .'. v. Dec' 2!
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports D°c. 2!
Iaqua Humboldt Dec 24
Pleiades Comox , Dec' 25
Alliance Portland &-Coos Bay.. Dec 2,"i
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Dec! 25
Rainier Seattle & N. AVhatcom. Dec 2. r »
Arcata C003 Bay & Pt. Orford. Dec. 2«i
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 26
R. Dollar San Pedro Dec. 2f>
North Fork. . Humboldt Dec. 26
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Dec. 26
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 26
Corona Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 26
Point Arena., point Arena Dec. 28
Australia Tahiti Dec. 27
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan Dec. 27
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Dec. 27
Mandalay Coquille River Dec. 27
Despatch San Pedro Dec. 28
Walla Walla. I Puget £ound Ports Dec. 28
Curacao Mexican Ports Dec. 28
Herodot.... .. Hamburg & Way Ports. Dec. 2S
Ean Jose Panama & Way Ports.. Dec. 29
TO SAIL. ~~~
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
December 23.
V.*. Kruger. Tillamook Bay 5 pm Pier 13
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9am Pier 11
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
December 2;t.
Empire Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Rival Willopa Harbor 5pm Pier 2
Pomona... Humboldt l:80pPler 9
Leelanaw.'. N. Y. via Panama.. 2pm Pier 10
Tucaptl Valparaiso & Way.. 3pm Pier 10
December 24.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland.. 11am Pier 2 1
December 25.
Santa Barb Humboldt 10am Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
State Cal.. San Diego <<i Way.. 9am Pier 11
December 20.
Sequoia Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Sonoma Sydney & AVay Pts. 10 am Pier 7
December 2T.
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 5pm Pier 10
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. | 11 am Pier 9
December 28.
Corona Newport & Way 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena Point Arena .... 2 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orf'd 12 m Pier 13
Despatch.. Seattle & Fairhaven Pier 16
San Juan.. Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
Coptic China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
December 20.
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma... 10am Pier 2
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11am Pier 24
North Fork Humboldt 9 a m Pier 2
December 30.
Rainier I Seattle & N Whatcm Spmjpler 2
FROM SEATTLE. ~~
Steamer. For. I Sails.
Dlrlgo Skagway & AVay Ports. Dec 22
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 21
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec! 23
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Port3 Dec .10
Cottage City. !Skesway & Way Ports. Dec 31
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrotrraphio Office, U. S. N. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco,' Cal.,
December 21. 1001.
Th« Time' Ball on the • tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p in., Greenwich mean time."
W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant U. S. Navy. In Charjre.
WILL CELEBRATE
CHRISTMASTIDE
Superb Music Is to Be
Given in Churches of
Oakland.
Holy Day Observance to Be
Marked by Elaborate
Service.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 21.
The churches of Oakland will hold spe
cial services for Christmas. Following
are the programmes of exercises in many
of the houses of worship for to-morrow:
FIRST- BAPTIST CHURCH;
Morning musical programme — Organ prelude,
"Andante Cantablle" (Bertliold Toms); an
them, "Glory in Excelsis" (Schilling), choir;
anthem, "Sing O Heavens" (Tours), choir; re
sponaes; "Hear My Prayer, O Lord" (Schilling),
j quartet; organ postlude (Uotterman).
Kvenlng — Organ prelude, "Allegro" (Tschal
| kow&ky); anthem, "Arise! Shine! For Thy
i Light Is Come" (Buck), choir; anthem, "O
I Little Town of Bethlehem" (Neidlinger)', choir;
i anthem, "There Were Sheperds" (Buck), choir;
j response. "Meek and Low"' (Baniby), quartet;
! solo, •"Glory to Heaven's Eternal King" (Meyer
j Helmund). Miss Ellzabeth\ £>. Brown: "Now
the Day Is Over" (N'evin), male quartet.
Choir — Double quartet, composed of: < ,So
i pranos, Mrs. Arthur Bessey, Miss Oora Reagh;
i, altos. Miss Elizabeth D. > Brown, Miss Bertha
! Marvin; tenor, D. I. McDonald; bassos, R. T.
! Fishor. Arthur Moore: John W. Metcalt, organ
j ist; Dr O. S. Dean.' director.
! FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.
I . Morning — Organ prelude, "Christmas Pastor
| ale" (W. T. Best); quartet, "Veni, VenI, Im
manuel" (traditional); anthem, "Sing, O
Heavens" (Berthold Tours); soprano solo, with
violin obligato by Alexander Stewart; anthem,
"Humbly Adoring" <Ravlna-I>arIlns); tenor
polo, "Noel" (Gounod); organ postlude, "Fi
nale" (Caesar Kranck).
Evening praise service — Orpan prelude, "Al
legro Sonata No. 1" (W. II. Dayas): carol,
"Holy Night" (Barnby); anthem, "When Jesus
Was Born" (Frederick Stevenson); barytone
solo, "Christmas Hymn" (Adolph Adam);
"The Word. Is Flesh Become" (Gounod); con
tralto solo. "The Birthday of a King" (Neld
linger); violin solo, "La Cygne" (Salnt-Saens):
] chorus, "Lift Up Your Heads" (Handel); 80
j rrano solo. "Rejoice Greatly. O I>aughter of
j.Zion" (Handel): chorus. "Hallelujah" (Han-
I del): orean postlude, march in E flat (Salome).
SiMotFts — Soprano, Mrs. Martin Schultz; con
traitn. Mrs. Carroll-Nicholson; tenor. Theodore
C. Elliott; basso. Robert Lloyd; violinist. Mis3
Far've l^awton; organist and director, William
B. Kini.
FIRST PRESBYTERIAN.
Morning— Organ prelude, "Andante Can
tablle," IV Symphony (Wldor): soprano solo
and chorus, "O Sing to God" (Gounod);
contralto solo, "Kethlehsm" (Strelezki); chorus,
"•"hristmas" (Shelly); soprano solo. "Rejoice
Greatly" ("Messiah." Handel): barytone solo
and chorus. "Birthday of t..e King" (Ne'rilln
ppr); chorus, "Hallelujah" ("Messiah," Han
del) : organ prelude (Lemmens).
Kvenins — Christmas cantata: "The Comlns:
of the Kins:" (Dudley Buck), solo, quartet and
chorus choir of forty-five voices: quartet — Mrs.
j Carrie Drown- Dexter, soprano; Mrs. Dickmon,
I contralto; Dr. Dean, tenor: Clement Rowlands,
i bass: Mr. Manlloyd, tenor: Miss Mabsl Hill,
organist: Mr. Rowlands, oho'rmaster.
FIRST METHODIST CHURCH.
Quartet — Mrs. 11. M. Dewing, Foprano;
j r.tfss Mabel Gray. contralto; W. W. : |
1 Davis, tenor; J. M. Robinson, bass: J. (
I M. Robinson, chorister; Martin L. Schultz, or- t
I panlst. Morning — "And the Glory of the !
Lord" (Handel): "B'rthday of a Kinir" OCeid- '
linger): "It Came Upon a Midnight Cl»ar"
(Sullivan). Kvenlng — Cantata. "The Word
Made Flesh" (Thomas G. Shenard).
TENTH-AVENUE BAPTIST qHURCH.
I The chorus choir, O. M. Vesper, dl
| rector, will render Christmas music at i
I both services. Morning — Organ voluntary, j
] selected: hymn, "Joy to the World" i
I (Handel): "O Little Town of B.Hhte- j
I- hem" (Bartlett); "Immanuol" (Thayer): "In
I a Manger" (Havens); "The Story of the Christ
Child" (Shepherd): hymn. "Hark, the Glad.
Sound" (Pord); "Hymn of Paacs" (Coombs);
organ postlude. selected. Evening — Organ "vol
untary, selected; hymn, "Hail to • the Lord's
Anointed" (Gall): "Arise, Shine, Thy Lirht Is
Come" (Buck): "The B'rth of Christ" (Louis '
j Campbell Tipton);- "Bethlehem" ' (Coomb?-); \
j hymn, "In a Lowly Manger" fDoane): "The i
! Newborn King" (L. Kspoir): "That Glorious '
I Song of Old" ■ (Stearns) : .hymn. "Glory to God
on High" (Giardini): organ postlude, selected:
solo quartet — Mrs. M. K. Henderson, Miss
Ethel J. Bates, C. A. Katzenbach. Alfred C
Read, with full chorus; Miss Ida M. Fording,'
orranist: O. • M. Vesripr ri'rector. ' .
BROOKLYN PRKSBYTERIAN CHURCH, j
Morning — Organ prelude: grand offertory In
D (Batiste); quartet, "There Were Shepherds"
(Danks); contralto solo, "The Birthday ' of
a King" (Neidllnger) ; chorus, "Praise Ye the
Father" (Gounod); organ postlude, "Fanfare"
(Lemmens).
Kvenlng — Organ prelude: "Andante," sym
phony 5 (Widor); chorus, "Bethlehem" (Nevin);
quartet "Sing and Rejoice" (Barnby): soprano
solo, "it Came Upon the Midnight Clear"
(Strelezki): chorus, "The God of Abraham
Praise" (Buck); organ postlude, "Moderato"
(Silas): solo quartet, Mrs. Joseph Bardellini,
I Mrs. Charles L. Dingley, Alfred T. Wallace
I and C. Whitney Castell. Organist, Miss Anna
M. Park.
CENTENNIAL PRKSBYTERIAN CHURCH.
Morning — Organ andante (Beethoven); dox
ology; anthem, "Song of the Angels" (Up
ham); hymn, "Joy to the World"; scripture
reading; anthem, "Good Tidings" (Danks); in
vocation; hymn, "Bethlehem"; offertory solo,
"The Birthday of a King" (W. H. Neidlinger),
Miss Mauerhan; sermon. "The Meeting of the j
Old and the New Christ"; anthem. "The Glad I
Tidings," J. H. Brewer; organ, "Allegro Maes
toso" (Wiegand); Choir: Sopranos—Nettie
I Camp, Minnie Mauerhan and Anna Moir;
j altos — Mrs. Woodside. Kthel Mills and Clara
| Berringer; tenors — Chandler Vose and F. M.
• Fowler: bassos — Chester Berringer and William
■ P. Ellis; organist, Miss Iola G. Williams.
I PILGRIM CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.
! Kvening — "Te Deum" (Katzsohmar); duet,
! "Emmanuel" (Coombs), Mrs. Brooks and Mr.
i Mould: quartet. "Watchman, Tell Us of the
i Night": solo, "Comfort Ye My People" (from
i the "Messiah"), Mr. Mould; quartet. "Let Us
; Go Now, Even on ■" to Bethlehem" (Field);
! quartet, with soprano solo, "There Were Shep
! herds" (Dudley Buck), solo by Mrs. Brooks;
! "Hark. What Mean Those Holy Voices" (Dud
' Icy Buck); quartet, with soprano and tenor
solo "The Birthday of a King" (Neidlinger);
duet. "Hark, Hark, My Soul" (Dudley Buck),
Mr3. Brooks and Mr. Mould.
j On Christmas day there will be the cel
ebration of solemn high mass at 10:30
o'clock in all of the Catholic churches of
the city.
At St. Francis de Sales the Rev. Thom
as McSweeney will officiate, and there
will be elaborate music by augmented
choir and orchestra.
The Rev. Michael King," assisted by
Father Nolan and Dr. Morrison, will cele
brate the service at the Church of the
Immaculate Conception.
The services at St. Patrick's Church,
West Oakland, will be conducted by the
Rev. J. B. McNally, pastor of the parish.
The Rev. Lawrence Serda and the Rev;
Father Praught will celebrate high mass
at Sacred * Heart Church, Fortieth and
Grove' streets.
At St. Anthony's Church, East Oak
land, the Rev. William Gleeson will offi
ciate.
The Rev. M. J. Whyte, pastor, will con
duct the solemn worship at St. Columba's
Church, Golden Gate.
On Christmas day there will be services
at St. Paul's Episcopal Church at 8
o'clock and 10:30 o'clock in the morning.
ji. Christmas festival will be held Tues
day evening at 7:30 o'clock at the Church
of the Advent, East Oakland. The pro
gramme is as follows:
Processional 49, "O Come, All Ye Faithful"
Adeste Fldelis; sentences and prayers; Nune
Dimittls, 108 (Langdon); creed prayers;
"Beautiful Eastern Star" (Clifton), Sunday
school choir; hymn 51, "Hark, the Herald
Angels Sing" (Mendelssohn); the season's
greeting by the rector, the Rev. William Car
son Shaw; "Bells Are Ringing" (Miles), the
Sunday school choir; recessional 53, "Shout the
Glad TidlngB" (Avlson); Christmas day,
Wednesday. December 25, 1901, 10:30 a. m..
full vested ' choir; process. onal CO, "Angela
From the Realms of Glory" (Regent Square);
Venite (Rus-sell); psalms six: 15-83; Te Deum
(Stephens) In C: Jubilate (Hopkins); Introit
49, "O Come All Ye Faithful," Adeste Fldelis;
holy cemmunion (Woodward's service); solo,
"The New Born King" (H. IVEstolr), Mrs. C.
L. Mills: hymn 51. "Hark, the Herald Angela
Sing" (Mendelssohn); sermon *by the rector;
solo, "The Birthday of a King" (Neidlinger),
Alfred C. Read; .chorus, "Praise Ye the Fath
er" (Gounod); recessional 53, "Shout the Glad
Tidings" (Aviscn). .
A Christmas tree and special exercises
will »be held by the Sunday school of the
Eighth-avenue Methodist Church on Mon
day evening.
The First Unitarian Church will hold a
public festival to-morrow evening at 7:30
o'clock. . '
Af the Union*street Presbyterian
Church there will be a Christmas social
next Friday evening.
SPLENDID THE OUTLOOK FOR SHIPPING
AND ALL OF ITS KINDRED INTERESTS
San Francisco's Commerce Is Beginning to Improve Under the Stimulus
. of Better Railway Facilities, Fine Pacific Ocean Liners and the
Probable Early Construction of the Great Waterway Through Nicaragua
THE fact being that the greater
bulk of manufactures to be ex
ported from San Francisco by sea
must for some years to come be
manufactured in the East, where
the centralization of population furnishes
a great home market, it follows that the
introduction of competition in the over
land carrying, trade, following the coming
of the Santa Fe Railroad, is of the first
importance to the shipping of this port.
true is it that ships bound in
through the Golden Gate with wares des
tined to be moved across the territory of
the United States must be much more nu
merous when there are double the facili
ties for transportation. The Valley Rail
road, which was built by Claus Spreckels
and his business associates largely to re
lieve the local situation by lowering the
rates for carriage within the boundaries
of California, is now, in its use by the
Santa Fe, of significance to the traffic of
the entire globe.
This is one of the new things that has
improved the outlook for commercial San
Francisco since the period when the com
mercial men of this city were compelled
to fight the overland lines for the privi
lege of using its natural advantages of
position upon the Pacific. Other consid
erations Join to justify the confidence
with which this port views the future.,
Promising Outlook.
The outlook is vastly better than it was
ten years ago for shipping here and for
all the industries that employ ships as
carriers. The splendid steamers of the
Oceanic Steamship Company, by the speed
and certainty of their voyages, have put
San Francisco upon the route officially
adopted by the British Government for
the transmission of its malls between
London and Australia. The near con
struction of the first Pacific ocean cable
is promised and the, contracts are let for
a part of .Xhe work 'upon that great en
terprise. . Wireless te'iegraphy has been
adopted by the Government of the United
States to connect this port and the Far
allon Islands. New lints of great steam
ers have been established that bring San
Francisco into immediate touch with ports
that have been, in point of time and ac
cess, hitherto remote.
The construction of the Nicaragua canal
is well assured. This will bring the fields
and orchards of California 10,000 miles
nearer to Liverpool than they are now
and will undoubtedly result Jn establish
ing direct lines of steamers Ubtween San
Francisco and all the leading ports of
Europe. • ■
■ A vast number of vessels will be re
quired In the not distant future to move
|he commerce of the Pacific Ocean that
moves in and out of this port, by reason
of the enlarged opportunities for Ameri
can enterprise in China, Japan, the Phil
ippines, the Far East and especially also
in Russia, when the road to Vladivostok
Is finally opened and in operation in con
nection with trans-Pacific steamship lines
using the Golden Gate at one end of their
long run.
The great carrying- capacity of modern
steamships, while they have the tendency
to keep down for the future any move
ment upon the part of the rail carriers
to inflict excessive charges on merchan
dise for the long overland haul, also af
ford in themselves means for the vast
increase of freights, that must be carried
economically.
The student of railway policies must
also see in the extension of what .is
known as the "postage stamp rate" or
uniform rate for moving freights to the
Pacific Coast from all the great territory
from the Atlantic Ocean, to Denver, a
oromise that the roads expect to win
oroJits on'carrying all the peculiar prod
ucts of all that vast region to this point
for export. The business of South America
And of Central American States to be car
-^d. in ships will be largely increased.
California Providing Freights.
The home field affords hope for the ship
ping men. No one can adequately esti
mate the productivity of California of
foods from the soil peculiar in varieties
exclusive to California in that no other
section of the United States has been able
♦o grow many of them, enormous in ag
gregate bulk, fleets will be ultimately
needed to transport them. There are very
significant statements in the last annual
report of President N. P. Chipman of , the
California State Board of Trade, showing
something concerning the output in fruits
of the Iand3 north of Tehachapi, the ter
ritory immediately tributary to San Fran
cisco. General Chipman finds the follow-'
•ng to be facts:
Of the green deciduous fruits shipped out of
the State, 8799 carloads went from. Northern
California and but nineteen carloads from
•Southern California; on the other hand, the
shipments of citrus fruits show that in 1900,
the year to which I refer, 21.813 carloads went
from Southern California nnd R27 from North
ern California. A like disparity will be seen to
»xist in favor 01 Northern California in the
•natter of dried fruit, raisins and canned goods,
as appeared in the shipments of green decid
uous Iruits. This must necessarily be so be
cause of the much larger development of this
branch of the fruit industry in the north than
in the south. There went from the north of
dried fruit S49O carloads, and from Southern
California 369; of raisins there went from the
north 3421 carloads, and from the south 161; of
canned goods from the north 4568 carloads, 492
from the south. To the shipments from the
north should be added those appearing in the
tables by sea from San Francisco, amounting
to 32S4 carloads. The magnitude of the citrus
industry in the south will be appreciated
when it is observed that it amounts to nearly
as many carloads as the north sends out of
green deciduous fruits, dried fruit and raisins,
combined.
In the matter of the shipments of green
vegetables, the tables show that considerable
more went from the north than from the
•outh; that is, 2757 carloads from the north,
by rail and by sea, and 2053 from the south.
Of the canned vegetables reported, 307 car
loads went from the north and 4 carloads
from tbe south.
Coming to the wine and brandy industry
it will be observed that of the wine 5169 car
loads went from the north and 83 carloads
from the south; and of the brandy, 325 car
loads from the north and 2 carloads from the
south. In addition to the foregoing- should be
added 2831 carloads by sea from San Francisco
of wine and 32. carloads of brandy. Wines and
brandies not segregated, from the north 430
carloads and from the south 191 carloads; total
shipments of wine and brandy from the north,
£789.4 carloads; from the south, 277.S; in all,
9067.3 carloads. It will be seen that, except
as to citrus fruits, the orchards and vineyards
of California are in the north, and that nearly
all the oranges and lemons are in the south.
An Enormous Gain.
Turning to the table of gains and, losses be
tween 1839 and 1900, it will be observed that
the shipments of green deciduous fruit fell off.
576 carloads in 1900. Citrus fruits showed a
gain of 9462 carloads; dried fruits showed a
gain of 312 carloads: raisins, a slight gain of
three carloads; nuts fell off eight carloads;
canned fruits gained thlrty-cne carloads; vege
tables gained 1736. carloads; wines and brandy,
M3 carloads, showing a net gain for the year
over 1S99 of 11.315 carloads, of which nearly
9000 carloads v.-ero citrus fruits."
Looking to the table of comparative ship
ments for a series of years since 1890, it will
be noticed that there has been a steady and
rapid growth of the citrus fruit industry. -Tha
shipments of green deciduous fruits have not
increased as has been our hope they would,
or as they ought to have Increased. The-ship
ments of 1894. were nearly as great as In 1900.
The result has been an increase in the dried
fruit product, the tables showing a very Bteady
growth, now amounting to over 9003 carloads,
as against 3229 carloads in 1530.
An examination shows also that the ra!sin
industry reached its maximum in 1S94, yielding
4695 carloads; but one year since that time,
1898, has the output been so great, and the
year 1900 was 36C4 carloads, about the same a*
in 1S99. It will be observed that the shipments
of wine and brandy since 1891 have increased
from 4765 carloads to 8067 carloads, nearly- Id)
per cent. The table o* clearances from San
Francisco by ■ sea of cereals shows that the
shipment of flour was the greatest" In l$!>9
during a period of fourteen years. The exports*
of wheat in 1900 were nearly three times ah
great as in 1899; of oats, very much greater
than any previous year, and a greater ship
ment of barley than any previous year. We
commenced . gathering statistics of the output
of lumber in the State for th« year 1SS8. which
showed in millions of feet 604 for that year,
and for the year 1900, 650. V ..
Significant Agencies.
Much more of a statistical sort, illus
trative of the possibilities of California
as a freight producer, could be supplied
if there were the proper space for It. The
foregoing is sufficiently indicative. In-
creased population will Insure many fold
increase of output.
"What the products of the manufactories
of California will be for ships to carry
Is a large problem. The two significant
developments that are now concerning
manufacturing in this State are the dis
covery of unlimited quantities of fuel oil
In the San Joaquin Valley and at other
points in the State, and the application
of the water power of the mountain
streams In the Sierras to the production
of electrical energy for the turning of
wheels.
The estimate is carefully made that In
three and one-half barrels of California
crude petroleum the steam producing ca
pacity is equal to one ton of coal. Al
lowing that oil shall reach ultimately $1
per barrel, although it is now sold at one
iourth of that price at the wells in Kern
County, it will be seen by shippers that
the problem of cheap fuel, which has
been one of the great drawbacks to this
State, has been practically abolished.
"With the tendency that San Francisco
has latterly shown to reach for markets
on her own account, and anticipating the
demand that may be created, it is not
going far from soberness of calculation,
when the great capacity of the freight
carrying vessels is considered together
with the cheapness of their operation,
to anticipate that raw materials which
are now lacking in this locality may yet
be laid down as cheaplv here as they are
elsewhere, and, now that the fuel prob
lem is solved, that they can be made up
on terms to compete with other* sections
of the country and originate home
freights for ships to carry that will be
of a character that is new for this port.
Mineral discoveries are in their Infancy.
Copper is throughout a large part of Cal
ifornia. Dredging for gold and the im
proved processes of quartz mining insure
a vast growth in the output of precious
mineral. The Alaskan mineral field is In
its infancy. Turn to whatever direction
one may, there is a rosy horizon for the
shipping 'of this port.
The Oriental Prospects.
The Chamber of Commerce of San Fran
cisco, taking a lively interest in the ex
tension of the shipping and commercial
interests of this port, commissioned "Wil
liam M. Bunker, who was about to travel
through Russia, to represent the Chamber
of Commerce abroad and to gather all
the information he could that would be of
value to the commercial community of
Sun Francisco. His report has been pub
lished In part In connection with the news
paper accounts of the doings of the cham
ber.
Dealing largely with Russia and China,
with which countries this port will have
a vast trade, some extracts from Com
missioner Bunker's report will be found
to be of general interest in thi3 particular
connection:
"American exports to Asia," says Com
missioner Bunker, "grew from $27,421,893
in 1S93 to $78,235,176 in 189? Hence our
consuming Interest in Asiatic affairs. Eu
rope looks askance aa the United States
decreases the Asiatic demand 'for Euro
pean goods. The fiercest struggle is in
Northern China and the Russian Asiatic
region. The foreign trade of China ap
proximated $330,000,000 in 1899. an advance
of $44,000,000 on the total of 1898 and double
that of 1S90. Sixty-three per cent of the
trade of China is with the British; Japan
has 11 per cent, the United States 10 per
cent and Russia 5 per cent. The balance
Is with France, Germany and other coun
tries. The United States and Germany
are gaining Chinese trade at the expense
of Great Britain. The latter has lost its
coarse sheeting business with China
through American enterprise. Great Brit
ain partly consoles Itself with the thought
that 61 per cent of the tonnage entering
Chinese ports in 1899 flew the British flag."
Commissioner Bunker traveled over, the
Siberian-Russian line of railway. He was
satisfied that the operation for some years
of a line from Irkutsk westerly had not
benefited European countries outside of
Russia.
"It has increased the population of Sibe
ria," he says, "but has not, and. in my opin
ion, after a close and careful study of the
entile line from "Vladivostok to St. Peters
burg, will not, give the European countries
outside of Russia a much wider Siberian mar
ket. The transit of goods from European
Russia to Russian Oriental ports over the
Trans-Siberian Railroad will cover not less
than three months, while the sea trip from
Odessa to Vladivostok Is forty-six to forty
seven days, and the cheaper freightage is by
the ocean route.
The Russlon volunteer fleet of steamers on
the Odessa-Vladivostok and Port Arthur line
has been augmented by the addition of 8000
ton vessels belonging to the Eastern Asiatic
Steamship Company of Copenhagen. The rail
road will strengthen Russia in the Orient,
will hasten the colonization of Siberia, will
furnish the Pacific States of America with
an enduring: market for food, products and
machinery, and will influence travel between
Euroupe, China and Japan."
Commissioner's Opinion.
After quoting statistics to some extent
to prove his position to be the correct one
concerning the question which so largely
concerns the commercial interests of San
Francisco, Commissioner Bunker presents
general conclusions, which are given in
part as below:
It is the fixed policy of the Russian Gov
ernment to develop as fast as may be possible
the present and prospective territory termed
Eastern Siberia. The necessity for this devel
opment is even greater than when the railroad
was planned. To colonize and civilize the vast
region which has Port Arthur for its southern
most seaport, Russia is making superhuman
efforts and many sacrifices. These figures tell
part of the story: The total trade of Euro
pean Russia for 1899 was S635.44O.00O. being a
decrease of J4O.C95.000, or 6.3 per cent, from
that of 1S98. The trade of Asiatic Russia
came to J7S.89O.C0O. an increase of $6,100,000
over that of 1S98. bringing the total decrease
of the foreign trade of the empire for 1899
down to $33,905,000. This was the first year
for a considerable period to show a balance
of trade against Russia. Our interest is, in
the increase of the Russian-Asiatic tra<> in
the face of a marked decline in the total for
eign trade of the empire.
Now that the Russians have through the
Chinese Eastern Railway secured the commer
clal control of Manchuria, we have to accept
that Chinese province as a prime factor in
the Russian-Asiatic trade problem. Because
more temperate in climate than the region
north of the Amur River, and richer in coal
and iron and presumably richer in gold and
several other natural resources, Manchu
ria will finally prove a trade bonanza. The
trade advantages are and should stay with us.
Our commercial revival and future are top
ics of talk In all the chier cities abroad. For
eigners engaged In Oriental trade are scecu
lating on our ability to take at its flood our
tide of prosperity. They have seen us turn
out the record warship of the world, from one
Kj Special Jbr Christmas tffftf •
ft grssSSriS^s^Ss™ for mcn °' r women at prices tfflfflwfci
\ pipS I tiHT^ never before heard of in San
B riifil*!'' SI »~ ■ Francisco - These Roods are iftfK M
l| Up v v unusually fine and would sell J^K^ \&$ipf
Af* : ® ■'•y 5 ffJQLfK < ' f "''ffiM^ ' at P r ' ces tnat SCC1T1 incredibly 1^ . $0 fm
B ■' ' ' ' ' ™' good reason, and you have \ mi
¥ only to avail yourself of this ooportun- l^^^ft tl
I ity to get really high-class bags at low \^^^L Jr-^ j|
#k figures. Look at these prices: io-inch ■ / Tl 7 JW
fll bass. $2.50; n-inch. 5?3.OO; 12-inch. ' Jj5&lJ[ III
BJI J?:S..">O; 13-inch. $4.OO: T4-ir.ch. JM
Sggy .S4.T»O. A full line of household srood* J^j^S3tggg?|jL %|
il&ja, at reasonable prices. We will be pleased n^j
biff t° extend yon credit, if you wish. /f^^^&t:^^^«, ftH "
K. Jt.&.ix^\\\\ Oct. . iJgM
of the finest yards In th» -world: th«T h*T»
seen us project a second shipbuilding: plant and
know that we will hav» a drydoclc equal t*
any In the world; and. noting our adv&nc*
on commercial lines, they* lnclln* to ths» Ida*
that xve will meet the demand of our unprece
dented opportunities.
Movement of Tonnage.
San Francisco Is now recording & great
er tonnage movement In and out
of the Golden Gate In tha In
terest of commerce, foreign and
domestic, than ever before. For eleven
months the movement la larger than for
the entire year of 1900, notwithstanding:
that the strikes interfered to some ex
tent for a period of many weeks this year
with the free development of commerce.
There being still an unexplred period of
the present year, complete comparison
cannot well be made -with exact accuracy. »
other than for the year 1301 as against
other years. But, to Illustrate the growth
of local shipping Interests, the records oC
a few years preceding will do very well.
The shipments by sea from San Fran
cisco in 1900 were $15,151,178. as against
$10,660,231 in 1899 and $3,634,695 in 1S98. The
overland exports from San Francisco in
the same three years give an Idea of th©
same expansion of home resources, as la
demonstrated by the following table, sup
plied by the Chamber of Commerce of!
: San Francisco:
The combined exports, treasure and merchan
dise, exclusive of merchandise by overland
railroads, durinsr the three years were as fol
lows:
VALUES. 1800. j 1809. 1 1808. .
Merchandise . $4t.4l9,C7S'$3S > 92t.008;|35,852.644
Treasure .... 22,150,6671 13,615,140 14,073.979
Totals ... *63,570.S46'$52,M0.01S $40,926,023
Increase in 1 !
100O 11.030,298! f
Operations of Whalers.
An Interesting showing concernlnjr th»
operations of the Arctic whaling fleet re
porting 1 at San Francisco for a period of
twenty-seven years is also supplied by
the Chamber of Commerce, the figures be
ing as follows;
TEARS. Oil. bbls. ] Bone. lbs. Ivory, lbs.
1874 10,000 86.000 7.000
1875 16.300 157,000 23.400
1S78 2.SC0 8.S0O 7.000
1877 13.900 139.600 74.000
1878 :.. 9,00i> 73,300 ' 30,000
1873 17.400 127,000 ;2,9™>
18S0 23.200 333.(100 15.3(10
1S81 21,80*) 354,500 15.4CO
1882 21.101) S1MC0 17,gil0
1?83 12,300 K5O.2CO 23.110
1S84 10.373 1 295,700 5.421
1885 24.844 451. 033 «.5«4,
1886 37.2*0 SQ4.5."0 2.8*0
1887 34.862 565. Snj 875
USS 13.E5!) 3C3.5S7 1.B50
1889 12.834 221.3?1 1.550
1890 11.807 t 229,402 3.9SO
1S91 13.247 215.750 950
1892 13.<!&3 389.400 15.800
1S93 6.952 315,249 8,565
1?94 . 8,119 274,579 7,367
1895 4.390 104.595 4,160
1896 7.057 201.997 8.640
1897 5.929 143.326 6.223
189* 7.608 225.863 10.025
1S99 6.4S3 303,839 6.478
1900 5,910 18S.60O 830
Bates for Charters.
The following very interesting showing
Is also taken from the annual report of
the Chamber of Commerce, showing the
highest and lowest rates paid for Iron
wheat ships in each month of the harvest
year 1889-1900. based on the prices paid for
spot ships to Cork for orders to United
Kingdom. Havre or Antwerp.
j '
MONTHS. Average Highest. Lowett.
£ s. d. £ 8. d. £ s. d.
July. 1839 1 13 8 1 15 0 1 11 3
August 1 12 4 1 13 9 1 11 3
September 117 3 2 00 116 3
October 1 17 11 1 13 0 1 17 0
November 1 17 1 2 0 0 1 15 0 .
December 118 4 I 16 9 1130
January, 1300.; 1 18 0 1 17 6 1 15 0
February 119 1 2 13 116 3
March 1072 132 00
April J ' 1 2 13 2'0O
May 113 9 2 13 113 9
June 2 0 0 2 o o 3 0 0
At the close of the year ending December
31, 1300, there were 63,900 tons of tonnage on
the grain engaged list, against 27,400 tons at
the close of 18991 The disengaged tonnage iu
port was 8600 tons and 2100 tons respectively.
Shipowners Concerned.
The following is an extract taken from
the last annual report of the Board of
State Harbor Commissioners: "To in
sure the permanency of our commercial
prosperity the accommodations of the
port must be of the best and as good as
are afforded in any part of the world
Promptness and dispatch In the docking
of vessels and the handling of cargoes,
both inward and outward, is a matter of
much concern to ship-owners and the
consignees of merchandise. Delays caused
by lack of port facilities are alike expen
sive to ship-owners and consignees of
cargo, and now with so many competitive
ports seeking trade, one against the
other, energy and progressivenesa ty
harbor boards- must be exercised."
Charts for the Navy.
The supply of cruising charts to the
navy of the United States is now made
up from three sources, so reports lieu
tenant Commander C. G. Calkins. Thes^e
sources are as follows: Hydrosraphir
Office charts, which are publications of
original surveys or modified reproduc
tions of sheets printed abroad: Coast Sur
vey charts, covering the coasts and in
land waters of the United States, reserved
by law for the organization known as thw
Coast and Geodetic Survey and attached
to the Treasury Department: British Ad
miralty charts, published by the Hydro
graphic Department at London. Every
man-of-war is provided with a complete
set of charts of these classes for the sta
tion to which she may be assigned, an<l
corrected flies, covering all stations, are
kept for reference at each Branch Hydro
graphic Office and thus made accessible
to the nautical community.
Cosmopolitan California Illustrated profusely
In Christmas Wasp. Types of ail nationalities
Send It to forelrn friends. •
Hereafter visitors at the Kansas State
Penitentiary will be charged 10 cent-i
each. The sum goes toward paying th-*
extra guard made necessary by the visit
ors.
3940
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
„
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Franclsoo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— «27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until »;30 p. m.
:>00 Hayes street: open until 0:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street: ojun until 9:30 p. m.
S15 Larkin street; opea until 9:30 p. xn.
1941 Mission street : open until 10 p. m.
22G1 Market street corner Sixteenth: opaa
until 9 d. m.
TOG Eleventh street; open until 9 p.m.'
J0£>6 Valencia street : open until 9 p. in.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreet«: open until 8 p. m.
2200 Flllmore strret: open until 9 p. m.
CirCRCH SERVICES.
CENTRAL Church, Mission st.. between Sixth
and Seventh — Pastors, Arthur H. Brlggs and
Herbert F. Brlggs. Christmas servloes. 11
o. m.. - sermon; topic. "The Fullness of the
Time.- The musical service will Include:
"Festival Te Deum" «Chapman); violin solo,
"Melodic." Carl Bohm: anthem, "Light
Flashing Into Darkness" (Bristow); con-
tralto solo, "Nazareth" (Gounod). 12:45 p.
m.. Sunday school, Rolla V. Watt superin-
tendent: 6:15 p. m.. Societies of Christian
Endeavor; 7:30 p. m., concert, programme—
Anthem, "Arise. Shine" (Arthur Foote);
quartet. "O little Town of Bethlehem"
(Xeldlir.ger); "O Holy Night" (Adam): cor-
net eolo. "Nazareth" (Gounod); soprano
eolo. "The Christian Herald" (Coombs), vio-
lin obllgato: anthem, "Sing, O Heavens'
(Tours). 8 p. m., eermon; topic, "A Christ-
mas Contrast" The quartet, consisting of
Mr?. Alice Cramer soprano. Miss Logan
Tooley contralto. Robert Patterson tenor.
«id George King basso, will be assisted by
Mrs. Nellie S. Larsen corneust. Charles E.
Jtobson violinist and chorus under the di-
rection of Roecoe Warren Lucy, organist and
choirmaster. The seats are free and the
people are welcome. Sunday school Christ-
mas festival Wednesday evening, Decem-
ber 25.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, comer of Hayes and Buchanan
Fts. — Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will
preach at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Christmas
services throughout the day. Special music
morning and evening by large choir, I. E.
Bloke director. Sunday school Christmas ex-
ercises et 12:45 p. m. Epworth League at
6: SO p. xn. Seats In this church are free.
All Invited.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor, will preach at both servloes. At 11
a. m., topic. "The Courage of the Pilgrim
Fsthers," a sermon appropriate to Fore-
fathers' day; at 7:30 p. m., topic, "The Fire
That Never Went Out." All are cordially In-
vited. Christmas servloes on next Sunday,
December 29.
RICHMOND Congregational Church, corner
Seventh ave. and Clement et — Pastor, Rev.
Philip Coombe; residence. 3416 Jackson st;
telephone Jackson 1941. 11 a. m., Christmas
praise Eervlce, led by the choir and Sunday
echool: 7:45 p. m.. special service in honor
of the founders of this nation. Sunday
school. 0:45 a. m. C. E. Society, 6:45 p. m.
Seats free. A cordial welcome for every one.
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner
of Geary and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford
Leavitt. minister; Rev. Dr. Stebblns, minister
emeritus: Charles A. Murdock, superintendent
of Sunday school. The Sunday school is at 10
o'clock. The morning service Is at U o'clock.
The minister will preach a Christmas ser-
mon. Special music from Handel's "Mes-
eiah" by a choir of 20 voices. Processional
by children of the Sunday echool. Bible class
directed by Professor Thomas R. Bacon of
the University of California begins January
5 at 10 a. m. Christmas festival of Sunday
•chool at 8 p. m. to-morrow (Monday). All
are cordially invited. There is no evening
■ervice.
tTNITARIAN Church (Second), comer Capp
nnd Twentieth Ets. — Rev. E. F. Dinsmore.
minister. Sunday school at 9:45 o'clock.
Special Christmas services and music. Morn- ;
Ing theme, --Incarnation"; evening theme.
"A Christmas Story." Strangers always wel-
come.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.
—Rev. Frederick W. Clampett. D. D.. rec-
tor. Holy communion at 7:30 a. m. Sunday
echool at 0:30 a. m. Morning service at 11
a. m. Sermon by the rector. Afternoon
ten-ice et 4 p. m. Sermon by the assistant
People's one-hour service, S to 9 p. m. Music
by the full choir. Address by the rector.
All seats free. Tou are cordially Invited.
Christinas day — Hoiy communion at 7:30 a.
m. Morning service with holy communion,
lla. n:. Sermon by rector.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia and Octavia 5ts. — Rev. John Heaiphlll.
r>.D.. pastor; Rev. George G. Eldredge, asso-
ciate pastor. Dr. Heraphill will preach at 11
eu m.; topic. "Archetypes In Heaven of
Things on Earth." and at 7:30 p. m. at the
fecor.d-st. Mission. Mr. Elflredge will preach
et 7:30 p. m. Special Christmas music
Morning Sabbath school at 10 o'clock. After-
noon Sabbath school at 12:30. when there
■will be a jrrand Christmas rally. All the chil-
dren cordially invited. The Y. P. S. C. E.
et fl:30. Prayer meeting Wednesday evening
at 8 o'clock.
FIHST Presbyterian Church, eofner of Van
Ness avenue and Sacramento street — Sen-ices
at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Sunday school
at 12:45 p. m. Christian Endeavor at 6:15
p. m. Rev. William Kirke Guthrie will
. preach both morning and evening. The
choir will furnish special Christmas music
rt both services. There will also he services
at this church Christmas morr.lng at 11
o'clock. All are cordially Invited.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church. Bartlett Bt.
near Twenty-third — Morning. 11 o'clock.
Christmas sen-Ice. Preacher. Rev. .T. George
Gibson. Kvenlng. 7:30. sacred Christmas
concert er.d onran n-cital. Sopranos. Mrs. L.
"VV. McClure, Miss F. H. Perkins: contralto.
Miss Elsie Arden: bassos. Professor Ernest
George. Delevan B. Bowley; barytone Rev.
J. George Gibson: organist Miss Lotta Un-
<ierh'll: violin, Paul A. Xormand; piano, J.
HAMILTON-SQUARE Baptist Church, south
Fide Post st, near Steiner^ — Rev. H. S. KUlen
■will preach et 11 a. mu and 7:30 p. m. Sun-
day school at 12:30 p. m. All cordially ln-
vited.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist Central
block. 223 Sutter et, between Kearny st and
Grant ave. — Christian Science service at 11
a. m. ; subject of lesson-sermon, "Is the Uni-
verse, Including Man. Evolved by Atomic
Force?" Sunday school for children at the
same hour. Wednesday evening meeting at
K o'clock. Free reading-rooms. 200 Kearny
St., rooms 509-510. All are welcome.
SPECIAL Christmas murlc at the Free Relig-
ious Services conducted by the Rev Benja-
min Fay Mills, at Golden Gate Hall. 625
Sutter et, 8 o'clock p. m.. Mr. Mills will
speak on "A Programme for a Merry Christ-
mas." Mls» Winifred June Morgan, the
noted violinist will play and Mr. Alfred Wil-
kle, tenor, will eing the Christmas song
"Noel" (A. Adam). All seats free.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason end Ellis
Fts. — A grand mass meeting of men to-day
n.t 3 o'clock, to be eddressed bv Rev. E E
Baker. D.D.. of Oaklar.d ; Fubjcct. "Men of I
Soui: a Study of Life." Christmas sen-ice i
ar.d Christmas music. All men invited.
THE First Mental Science Center of San Fran-
r'.sco, Cal., meets every Sunday morning at
11 o'clock rharp In Golden Gate HalL <525
Putter st Fresh thoughts presented. This
morning Dr. J. M, Case will lecture on the
subject. "Is There Another Life?" The pub-
lic cordially invited to attend. Seats free
Collection will be taken.
THE Theosophical Society — Public lecture to-
night In Odd Fellows' building et 8 o'clock
by Mr. Thomas Prime of Birmingham Eng-
land; subject, "The Invisible Helpers.'" In-
quirers class Sunday, 11 a. rn. Children's
proup. "The Golden Chain." meets 11a.m.
Public meetirgs on Thursday afternoon at
2:30 and on Tuesday evening at 8. Lending
library open dally from 1 to 4 p. m.: also
Tuesday evening from 7:30 to 9:30.
T "E°SpPHTCAL free public lecture by W. 3
Colville. Flood building. 809 Market at tc-
w/~" S' m " " F * r , om todI »- to the Planet
M ,t^» J %S- m -- Ide^ lB of Twentieth Cen-
£IT a **«• '""am* library open Monday.
Thursday and Saturday. 1 to 4 p. m.. and
Saturday evening. v "*-. ana
CHRISTIAN Truth Services. 1237% Market et
I "\ Q' " ub .J ect - "Spiritual Law In. the
tor Morgan. Free discussion. > „• ;
MEETINGS — SUXDAY.
"H" 131^, H DBP ? W U KERGAN has returned
from his tour of the East and resumes his
Funday evening lectures to-night at Crystal
Hall. Pythian CaEtle. 909 Market st; subject
Facts and Fancies." to be followed by mae-
nlflcent views of the Grand Canyon of the
Colorado. Seats free; no collection. Re-
rnember the Question Bor.
A TEST tneetln*. 909 Market front hall; 11.
free; 2:30, Wilson. Seeley. Hodgson; 8. Wll-
eon, ordination christening by Kate Heuss-
itu.nn; 10c
JOHN SLATER, the distinguished platform
test medium, to-night, 8:15. hall 009 Market
et.: the only public seance Mr. Slater will
hold. •.-__
MRS. HANDLEY. 10c: circle tc-n1*ht at 8'
cplrft Ulerraphy demonstrated. 2703B Mls-
slon st; readings dally.
MRS. EBBERHARDT. special test meeting to-
nlght, 10c 2250 Twenty-second et.. between
Mission and Valencia. '.-- -.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists. Occidental Hall.
m Lexkln-Dec. 22, 7:80 p. m... Mrs. R
S. Llllle. speaker; free.
A — PROF. GJ5E, 108 Sixth Bt — Circle to-night
10c; gives names, days, astonishing facts.
MRl and MR3. PERKINS, spiritual meet-
ings, 1073% Market, nr. 7th, 8 end 7:45 p. m.
ALHENDO; materializing seance full light to-
night 8 o'clock; BOc. 1304 Post nr. Franklin.
MME. YOUICG'S demonstration of «plrit return
to-night 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
W. G. KEEOAN hold* enl ritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission lOo. 148 Sixth.
CHRISTMAS "NOW" lecture. H. H. Brown.
Odd Fellows' building; ceats free; music
IBEETIXG XOTICES— SUNDAY-— Con.
SPIRITUAL meeting, 009 Market st, rear hall
— 11. 2. S. tree; Swan. Maxwell, Wrenn and
others.
Mrs. Gllllngham. 805 Larkin— Mon., Thura., 10-
4; other daysB82 22d. Oakland, 11-i.
BROCKWATS seance to-night. 25a 1052 Ellis
st. between Franklin and Gough.
a V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night
8 p. m.. 50a 1084 Bush st. '
EDWARD" EARLE'S grand slate-wrltlng ee-
ance to-night 828 Ellis st.
UEBTINQ NOTICES.
ORIENTAL Ledge NoTlU. F. and A. «T"
M. — Officers aad members are re-
quested to attend the funeral of >K3C
CHARLES 8. CRITTENDEN. from '^T 1
the Masonic Temple. SUNDAY. December
22. at 11 o'clock a. m. Master Maaons. rel-
atives and friends are cordially Invited.
A, a HUBBARD. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of Yerba .g&aUgtek
Buena Lodge No. 15, I. O. O. F. S£255!§=
You are requested to aaseinble in
our lodga room on SUNDAY at 1 . •"WsV-
p. m. to attend the funeral of our late
brother. MARTIN DALE.
THOMAS C. MARTIN, N. O.
J. J. de HAVEN, Rec Seo.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222, I. O. O. o^jBtZ^.
F.— Initiation MONDAY EVEN- S5i3K§fc
ING, Dec. 23, 1901; 4 candidates. -5jVSSfe>?
All brothers cordially Invited. A 'vW»W'
collation will be served £ Q
J. J. PHILLIPS, Rec Sec,
MEMORIAL Lodge No. 174, A. O. U. ,<^Bfe.
W. — Officers and members are re-
quested to attend the funeral of our Sgfe,
late brother, GEORGE STELL.ING. *«£$>
from hla late residence, 266 Lexington ave..
Sunday at 2 p. m. Interment at cypress
wn * e. >L COFFEY. Master Workman.
"A NICHT in Auld Scotland."— The v <fT^
S. F. Scottish Thistle Club will a. tkuiJ
hold its 20th Aunual Hogmanay
f^r^Ma^sf. ¥5S?DJSrt t v35|.
Dec. SI. 1901. Grand march at 8 p. m. faup-
per at 11 p. m. Tickets, $1 DO each, to be
had of the members or at the hall on night
of festival. Hat and cloak rooms at disposal
of Eue8tB - GEORGB MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEO. W. PATERSON, Recorder.
SERVIAN-MONTENEGRIN L.
and B. Society — Officers and <Tjn»
members: You are requested ,"*n^" y ,..
to attend the funeral of our •SCS'Twi
late brother, L. C. JANCO- jjMrP**&
VICII. SUNDAY. Dec. 22. 1901. [HpE"-^
at 11:30 sharp, from his late Vy^JEvJ^
residence, 1525 Leavenworth ttiaifW
«t By order of
S. T. GERUNOVICH, Pres.
6PIRO S. VUCOSAVLIEVICH, Beo.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraullo
process from Jerry Buckley and A. H. Soper,
in the Gray Lizard mine, in Butte County,
near Rackerby, to deposit tailings in Swedes
Flat Creek; from Joseph D. Countryman, in
the Tannery mine, at Oregon Hill. Yuba
County, to deposit tailings In Oregon Creek;
and from Manuel Fernandez, In the Inde-
pendence mine, at New York Flat. Yuba
County, to deposit tailings behind the dam
of the Nevada Mining Company, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room 50,
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on Jan.
uary 6. 1902. at 1:30 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco,
Cal.. will be held at its banking-house, 301
Montgomery st, San Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY,. January 14, 1902. at 3:1C o'clock
p. m., for the election of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
meeting. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
San Francisco. December 13. 1901.
AGEXTS WASTED.
AGENTS— A GRAND OPPORTUNITY TO
MAKE money selling our NEW POCKET
ATLAS OF THE WORLD: contains over 400
pages; including maps of EVERY STATE IN
THE UNION AND EVERY FOREIGN
COUNTRY; OVER 100 PAGES OF VALU-
ABLE DESCRIPTIVE MATTER AND THE
NEW CENSUS, GIVING THE POPULA-
TION OF EVERY INCORPORATED CITY.
TOWN AND VILLAGE, " ALSO EVERY
COUNTY IN THE UNITED STATES. Send
25c for sample copy and terms to agents.
RAN'D. McNALLY & CO.. Chicago, 111.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to fell than books or in6ur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412, Parrott bldg.
AGEXTS can make $10 per day selling our nov-
«>lty machines to farmers and rig owners.
FOOTE MFG. CO.. Los Angeles, Cal.
WE want competent man to sell oil land In
blocks of 100 to 10,000 acre?. Call or write
for Information. E. P.. SS5 McAllister st.
ASPHALTPM ROO11XG.
CITYASPHALTUM CO., 632 Market St.— Roofs,
sidewalks, floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ATTORNEYS AT LAAV.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet ;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment ;phoneJohn31Sl.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market St.. cor. Stockton
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy;col-
lections; attachments; mortgages :bills of sale:
partnerships; deeds;wllls drawn;fees low; open
eve's. THURSTOX. 1008^ Mkt. r. 4, opp.Oth.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 027 Market gt.. opp. Mason.
L. 6. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket «t.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BICYCLES— For Snle or Exchange.
NEW bicycles for children, men and women;
largest assortment on the Pacific Coast
BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine and Market sts.
BOOKS— "NEW AXD OLD.
FOR astrological, occult metaphysical books
go to 1429 Market st. S. F.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
CASH. ' '
$250,000.
PRIVATE CAPITAL FOR INVESTMENT.
A gentleman recently settled In California
has from $50,000 to (250,000 cash for Ju-
dicious Investment. Would entertain propo-
sition of purchasing bonds or stock of any
established enterprise, or would buy into
substantial and solvent business where ad-
ditional capital can be utilized. Wholesale
or manufacturing preferred; positively noth-
ing undeveloped or prospective, and no time
to look up Investments of less than $50,000.
This is strictly private capital, having no
connection with financial agents or Institu-
tions; correspondence must precede Intr-r-
view and come direct from principal with
enough particulars to base opinion; such data
received in Masonic confidence and returned
if Ineligible; positively no Intermediaries
Address box 2174, Call office. *
$1300 — GOOD-PAYING grocery, 5 living rooms;
barn and chicken houses, etc. i large corner
lot ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
$7500— DRUG store, fi-room. cottage. 10-room
house; splendid corner; fine location and a
bargain. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land.
$650 — GOOD livery stable, etc., at a bargain
by ALDEX CO.. 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
$2000— BEST candy store and business In Oak-
land. Particulars with ALDEX CO., 1118
Broadway. Oakland.
CHRISTMAS BARGAINS. ~"
6TENBERG & CO., 759 Market St.
Phone Black 6491.
Buys and sells real estate, furniture, lodging-
houses, restaurants, business changes. Phone
calls propmtly answered.
BRANCH bakery , produce .... delicatessen
Price only $550
Rent $15 3 living rooms
For sale only by STEXBERG & CO., 769 Mkt.
$4000 — 60-ROOM lodging-house; all newly fur-
nished; situated on very busy corner; 10 bay-
windows; reason, owner Is sick; we have also
60 others; see us before you buy. MILES &
CO., 027 Market St.. room 208.
$1600— GROCERY and bar In Mission; good
bus.; estab. 20 yrs. Miles & Co.. U27 Mkt.
$600 — SALOON, with S rms. and cellar; money-
maker. MILES & CO., 827 Market st. r. 208.
$275— BARBER shop. 4 chairs, old stand, near
Market, on 6th st; $280, lodging-house a
bargain. 16 rooms; cigar stand, $500 SCOO:
drug store, $2000. DECKER. 921 Market st.
BARBER shop on a good busy street; 4 chairs;
old stand; $275. DECKER, 921 Market st.
$225— PARTNER wanted where profits are $78
per week; no expernce. See Decker, 921 Mkt.
HEALY & HENDERSON, phone James 2771.
C Eddy st. rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, "restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
ttores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
A— FOR cigar stands that actually make money
eee C. L. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott bid*.
A — FOR cigar stands that actually make* money
see C. L. HEDGES, ' 4C1-462 Parrott bldg.
RESTAURANT, good location, good furniture
must be sold before Dec. 24; price $260; sac-
rifice sale; auction If not sold; Investigate
quick; a snap. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market.
IF you have $50 or $100 to Invest send for par^
tlculars how you can receive a nice monthly
Income, payable 1st and 16th of each month
In the best and most successful Investment'
Metropolitan Exchange, 13-21 Park Row. New
York.
FOR $2000 will eell half Interest In manufac-
turing business established 14 years and glv»
Inside position at $160 per month. Address
N. M. B.. box 21S8, Call offlce.
OLD established store In Fresno to exchange
for property about bay. Inquire 620 Wals-
worth ave., Oakland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1901.
BUSINES S^CHAW CE S~Contlnne d.__
$3 68 PROFIT on each ahar« In November— If
you want good paying:, - safe investment,
shares $ 10 eaoh, dividends payable semi-
monthly, eend for circular. STERLING &
CO., 608 Liberty building, New York. (Men-
tlon paper). , ■ .■ ,
FOR sale — One-half Interest In manufacturing
business; sell to the trade; one partner Belling
Interest on account of sickness; this will bear
Investigation; price $360; no agents. Call or
address Union Stable, Seventh at., near Mar-
ket-st. Btatlon. Oakland. »'. -
MARKET-ST. saloon; clears $150 month. .$ 1200
Market-st. restaurant; clears $100 mo.. 60s*
Restaurant; half, $50 or whole; snap.. 00
Cigar stand; Third st.; sickness...... 60
BROWN & CO., 1221 Market st,; upstairs.
LIGHTING proposition for sale by county
rights: price $100 and upward; investigate at
once; large monthly returns guaranteed; pat-
ent now pending. Coast Lighting Co., 28
Second Bt.
FOR SALE— Saloon, big dining-room and
kitchen; 8 furnished rooms upstairs: rent
and price reasonable. Apply 45 Sacramento
St., between 9 a. m. and 5 p. m.
$500 — STKADY man partner in a sure, safe,
reliable paying business; trial given before
buying. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine st.
THE best proposition on the market for small
or large capital. Call on JAMES MORSE,
632 Market St.. room 5.
CANDY. Icecream store; living rooms; great
bargain; must sell. B. B. Trade, 326 Pine.
$300 — BAKERY and stationery store; furni-
ture In 3 rooms; rent $17. 534 Valencia stT
FOR sale cheap — Splendidly located, well pay-
lng restaurant Apply 1522 Kentucky st.
FOR SALE— Coal and oil business; also horse
and wagon. Apply 2251 Market st.
SALOON for sale; best down town location;
cheap rent. Box 2137, Call office.
HARNESS shop for sale. 305 Fifth st., near
Folsom.
CITY front lunch house and bar for sale. 629
Davis st.
THE exigencies of some are the opportunities
of others; I have $50,000 tied up, which I am
about to lose, but can take up at once if I
had a few thousand dollars more immediate
cash with which to help myself; to any relia-
ble party who will expend for me $3000,
probably only $2000, without any risk. I will
give $20,000 In ten days; opportunity for in-
telligent investigation will be accorded to ac-
ceptable partner; no agents; prudent parties
meaning business address for interview, "Ex-
igency," box 2171, Call office. _^
PARTY with $3000; business man would like to
hear of a good and first-class paying business
proposition that will stand Investigation; no
agents, and principals only; give full par-
tlculars In first reply. Box 2190, Call.
$150 — BLACKSMITH shop for sale. £05 Eighth
street.
A CLOSE corporation, doing a wholesale and
manufacturing business and well rated in
Dun's and Bradstreet's. requires a few thou-
sand dollars additional capital; guarantees
8 per cent; will probably earn 20 per cent;
investments of ?100 or over received. Box
2145. Call. . « -^
SALOON for sale; good location; doing fine
businees; good reasons for wishing to sell.
Address box 2167, Call office.
ROUTE for sale — A route on this paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER, 124 Myrtle St.,
Santa Cruz, Cal.
FOR sale— A good planing mill In a lumber
yard; located In a growing town. Address
P. O. box 459. Healdsburg. Cal
FOR sale — Call newspaper route; 600 names;
easy terms, to buyer. Inquire tel. Kate 20-17.
$450 WILL rjuy old-established saloon on water
front; first-class paying business. 12 Jackson.
$200 — 3-CHAIR barber shop: sacrifice for a
quick sale. Call 048 Sacramento st.
CANDY store and factory, with living room,
for sale; account illness. | 2474 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon with grocery, on account
of death. Inquire .it 1697 Folsom st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALES.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
36 rooms; 2 entrances; clears $200 $2200
;i". rooms; 2 fronts: clears $200 2000
10 rooms; downtown: clears $80 700
SO rooms: elegant; owner sick 2200
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 2100
44 rooms; fine yard 3000
20 rooms; on Kearny 1400
18 rooms; rent $50; sickness 1250
18 rooms ; sunny ■ corner ' 1000
10 rooms; downtown 700
22 rooms; transient; clears $150 1250
26 rooms; on Kearny 1400
23 rooms:" clears $100 950
100 rooms; clears $400 6000
60 rooms: clears $350 8600
M-room corner house.... 4000
10 rooms; on Eddy st 860
18 rooms; on Third Ft 950
24 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $200 1600
3^ rooms; best In the city 2000
60 rooms; sure to clear $300 3600
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE..
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
A. CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
C2 r.; low rent: best house In city; never
changed hands; income $600; investigate.
53 r. ; total expenses $175; apartments. ..$3250
36 r.; rent $140; first-class room, house.. 3250
33 r. : rent $150; part offices; good house. 1800
17 r. ; rent $45; cor.; oak fur.: clears $100 850
11 r. ; Jones residence: nice home tiOO
7 r. ; rent $45; modern flat: reduced.... 375
IS r.; nice res.; good loc. ; fur., car., red. 1350
WINSTON & WOLF, ~*~ ~~
1020 Market et 1026 Market St.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
15 rooms, r.ew. sunny cor., part cash.. $1600
17 rooms, sunny, nice yard, see this. . . . 1200
18 rooms, rent $60, part cash 1250
18 rooms, Geary St., ex. for clear ppty
24 rooms, rent $45, sunny cor., paymts 600
22 rooms, rent $52. N of Market, only. . 650
27 rooms, best corner in city, rent $100. 2500
46 rooms, cor., rent $115, investigate.. 2S50
A— Near the Call Building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. vms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
houses or on real estate.
Bis free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on my installment plan.
A NOTICE — Before buying a house call on
A. H. RETSLOFF.
(Tel. John 531.) 906 Market St., cor. Ellis.
Largest piece Lowest price Best terms.
McBRIDE & CO., 7C5 Market st. — We have 65
lodging-houses on list, many cheap and good.
Before buying Investigate our list.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes, and prices, in all parts ot the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
A. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established . at 10J6
Valencia st.
SPIRITUALISM. -
A — C. V. MlLLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri., Sun.. 8 p. m.: 50c. 1084 Bush tt.
BRdCKWAY. 1052 Ellis, but." Franklin and
Gough; phone Larkln 1080 — Seances Sun.,
Tues., Thurs., 8:15 p.m.; 25c; readings, 10 to 5.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1104 O'Farrell Bt.; Ellis car.
A — PROF. GEE 108 Sixth St.; satisfactory
readings, 60c, $1; circle every night, 10c.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materialising s«-
ance, 60c; Monday eve. only. 325 Ellis st.
ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance siln^
day eve., 60c; spirit photos daily. 325 Ellis.
MME. THYES, all receive tests; Sun., Tues.,
Thurs., 8 p. m.. 10c; prlv. read. 893 Market.
MRS. WINCHESTER, trance medium. .1610
Clay; circle Sunday night; consultations dally.
BROCKWAY'S seance to-night, 25c. 1052 Ellis
St., between Franklin and Gough. .
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. 3.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night, 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS. V
ONE DOLLAR! ONE DOLLAR!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil. London.
Have a psychic or palmistry reading and
know thy future and prospects for 1902.
$1.00! $1.00! $1.00! $1,001
His Regular $5.00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR. ; ONE DOLLAR
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers.' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar.
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
how to control or influence any one you love
or meet: no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours, 10 to 7 daily; 10 to B
Sundays.
Reception rooms. 13, 14, first floor.
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly oppoalte Zlnkand's.
A — $5 READINGS REDUCED TO 50 CENTS.
$10 READINGS REDUCED TO $1.
This week only; Wesley Orman. clairvoy-
ant and pyshlo palmist; I tell you what you
come for or anything you wish to know; who
and when you will marry; I reveal every-
thing; hours. 10 a. m. to 7:30 p. m.; closed
Sundays. 417 Ellla st. ' .
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
. medium, I* Dermanently located at 1200 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dallv and Sunday.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: lad. 25c;
Bents 60c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
CLAIRVOYANTS — Continued.
A — ISMAR. THE GYPSY.
Ismar, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess is possible, were It not for the lack of fore-
sight into the future; If you are In trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satisfied
In life, consult Ismar/ for she Is a prophetess
of world-wide fame, and her name has become
a proverb In thousands of homes made happy
by her aid and advice; Ismar can be consulted
dally from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays from
10 to 12 a. m., at her office. 1148 Market st.
opposite Sixth.
SPECIAL — Owing to a large number of In-
quiries from country patrons Ismar wishes to
announce that her readings by mail are equally
as satisfactory as In person; readings by mall
$2; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. M. BERNARD, !
THE FAMOUS ■
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the' present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un- ,
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic. !
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life:
25o up; satisfaction guan nteed. Tel. B!ack 4569.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT. ~~
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located aj 125 Turk st. ; readings by mall.
MME. ARNDT, the great claln-oyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future "husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 215% 6th.
THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTS.
Just what you want to know; choice of three i
expert palmists and clain-oyants; no matter
•who you have been to. we convince all. 607
Kearny St., parlors!. 2. 3.
MME. PORTER, wonderful claln-oyant & card
reader, born vvith double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladles 50c,
g»ntp$t; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Esryptlan Ginsy.clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. nv Sundays from 10 to 12 a; m.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names, 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to S p. m.
BROOKS, 1206 Market — Suite 34 and 35: won-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium: read-
Ings $1 & $2; readings by mall: satlsfac. guar.
BOc and $1 — PROF. WELLER, clain'oyant: sci-
entific palmist: card reader. 1007% Market. ,
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la- i
dies 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. BOc.
MRS. M. DAIN. clairvoyant and card reader;
ladies, BOc; gents, $1. 6J2 Mission Bt.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles, :
25c; gents, GOc; no sign. 242 Minna, upstairs.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 2(J2 Minna St., near 4th.-
MME. WINZOLA, medium, palmist and mag-
netic treater; read, daily. 148 Sixth, room 12.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dium, price $1. 019^ Leavenworth St., S. F.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farreli.
MMe! RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
ZAN ZAN, 226 Taylor Bt; general reading,
$1.
CAKPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 8c: laying,
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301 ; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning,
8o renovated, relaid. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 2ai.
CONKLIN' S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.. SS-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWING toenalls, bunions and corns cured
(painless); no knife. Dr. Brown, graduate chl-
ropodlst.lndorsed bymed. profn. 304 Stockton.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6tn
floor. 916 Market st. ; advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FURNISHED cottage, 6 rooms and bath; West-
ern Addition. Apply SHAINWALD & BUCK-
BEE. ■ '
DENTISTS.
A — DR. tTS "HIGGINs7»27~MarkeTst.,^ Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 60; other fill-
ings, (1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do flr&t-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students: advice free; prices
i cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendant?.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEIC. 20 O'Farreli st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLIXIC, S09 Market, con
4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up;plates, extractions free,$4 50
up; offico hours. J) a. m. to £• p. m. ; Sundays,
0 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D. S., Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns f-'l 50; fillings 50c;
plates $5, full set: all work palnleH* and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. "4 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lst-class prices; lst-
class results. W. C. HARDING, M.D., dentist,
room 24. 14 McAllister St.; painless extract' n.
DENTAL offlce to let with use of reception
room — $8. Room 90, Donohoe buldg., corner
Taylor and Market sts. •
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st— Work dcue
on weekly Installments: lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 2.' > .. r > Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full wet of teeth, $4; crowns, $3: fillings. 50c.
LOWEST prices In S. V. : painless r-xtraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 960 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
SET cf teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUXG. 1841 Polk st.
DR.R.L.WALSH.815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Paln-
less cxt, 60c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. II. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREeY.Y'S~C. P. dog~soap by drussUts
or at the Hospital. 510 Goliipn Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1010 Market st.
FRENCH accordlan and knife pleating. 'WM.
[ PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
SECOND term night school for men. Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and
Ellis sts.; 15- week courses, beginning Janu-
ary tJ; bookkeeping course $5, electrical
course $5, English course $3, stenographer's
course $4; classes in algebra, Anglo-Ameri-
can hlatory, architectural drawing, arithme-
tic, assaying, bookkeeping, civil government,
civil service, commercial geography, com-
mercial law, electricity, elocution. English,
free-hani drawing, geometry, German, me-
chanical drawing, vocal music, naval archi-
tecture, penmanship, political science, social
economics, steam engineering, stenography
and typewriting. Apply at office for hours
and tuition prices. A. A. MACURDA, Edu-
catlonal Director; II. J. McCOY. Gen, Sec.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERIXG — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st. S. F.;
catalogue free. ;
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— ?8 per month; ?50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic penmanship,
. spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat free.
CALIFORNIA lady residing in New York City,
competent music teacher (pupil of Lesche-
tlzky), wishes one or two young ladies to
chaperon; will give music lessons If desired;
satisfactory ref. 2373, Call offlce, Oakland.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
fa. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment-
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue! free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building." '
A— The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise thetf friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowlng? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Mallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
. positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farreli st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
Dared for the etaxe. 125 Mason. Bt '
EDUCATIONAL Continued. : >
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
. graduates & bookkeepers In accountg; figures.
TARR, expert accountant.- 220 Parrott bids.
CALIFORNIA Business Colloge; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
' new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mlning.Tnech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st.
ACTING — Hallett School; Mr. Harry Gates!
eminent actor, engaged for winter term open-
■ Ing January. Alcazar Theater building.
C. HOFFMAN, the European tenor, and voice
builder; Italian method. Concert and ora-
torio." 1017 Sutter st.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary St.;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAT and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S. F.J
founded 1663; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.; day or ev«. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES, j
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
& waitrs furnished at short notice. GEO.KI-
NOSHITA.1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 138.
RELIABLE 'Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush Et. ; tel. Bush 816.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter:tel. Black 6072.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE}.
YOUNG woman who understands professional
nursing and is a thorough, energetic, neat
housekeeper, is educated and refined, needs
and desires employment in some capacity
that id respectable; no domestic serving po-
sition desired.- Box 2173, Call offlce.
AN Eastern woman wants a position as man-
aging housekeeper; city or country; reliable
place more of an object than wages. ; Call
after 12 o'clock, 207 Powell st
DRESSMAKER, having returned with new de'-
signs, etc.. Is ready to serve patrons and
• friends at home or by the day; best refer-
ences; perfect fit; rapid work. Address 728
Devisadero st.
'A LADY wishes to nurse confinement cases or '
take care of Invalids. Call or address 434
Jessie st, off Fifth. . |
1
LADY compositor wants situation on straight
matter, city or country. Address box £.142,
Call offlce.
POSITION wanted by a neat woman as house-
keeper; good cook; best references. Apply
162 Jessie St., opp. Palace Hotel.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper and gen-
eral offlce work. Box 3130, Call office.
YOUNG woman, j neat worker, would like posi-
tion chamber work or help In laundry. Ad-
drees box 3143, Call office.
STRONG American, first-class housedeaner,
wants position; $1 a day, carfare. Box
8144, Call.
BY a well educated lady, a position as reader
and amanuensis to an Invalid a few hours
dally or trl-weekly. Box 2185, Call offlce.
YOUXG German woman would like to do plain
sewing and mending. -215 Hickory ave.
A WOMAN wishes position as working house-
keeper. 320 Minna st.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
cleaning. 14 Hayes st. near Larkin.
WANTED — By a reliable Eastern lady, a posi-
tion as housekeeper, country town or city.
MRS. A. P., 1119 Fifth St.. Sacramento. Cal.
GERMAN woman would like plain sewing to
do at home. 230& Third st.
JAPANESE young couple want position in
refined family to work; epeak English well;
wages no object J. N., phone Jackson 330,
1220 Devlsadero st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 80
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been , established at 1096
Valencia st
EMPLOYMENT WANTED HALE.
| CANDY— Young man going abroad desires to
I improve In high-class candy making; will
pay $20 for a position as helper to first-class
candy-maker for two weeks; has some ex-
perience and willing to work. Address box
21S4, Call office.
EASTERN young man In great need wishes
work; hotel or Drivate place;- willing to do
anything; references; state particulars. Ad-
dresa Hope, box 2105, Call.
AN Intelligent and trustworthy young man
wants a steady situation; willing to leave
city. Address box 2197. Call.
FIRST-CLASS coachman; single; private farn^
I ily; sober; thorough horseman and driver; un-
| deniable city reference. M. M.. 832 Mission.
I WILL pay $25 to the person who will secure
I me a position which will pay about $50 per
j month, by middle-age man of excellent hab-
such as night watchman or light porter
I work of any kind. Address box 2172, Call.
i PAINTER'S apprentice, good all-around
worker, wishes employment in union shop to
finish learning trade. Box 2103, Call.
BUTLER-VALET leavlns California for the
i East wants to make Journey as attendant to
| family or Invalid; city ref. Box 217», Call.
A STRONG, steady man of 34 wants employ-
ment: can furnish good references. Address
box 31C2, Cell.
A YOUNG man. 2S, wishes work of any kind-
sober and industrious; not afraid of work.
_Ad,dress box 3101, Call. '
YOUXG man. experienced hat and men's fur-
nishing cootls salesman, wants uosition at
once. Addrpas D., box 21S1, Call.
A RELIABLE man with a good horse and
waeon would ilka to do hauling for some
firms; terms moderate. Address C. S.. box
31C5. Call offtVe. '
AN offlce man desires a position where experi-
ence, ability and application will count-
thoroughly competent to take charge of an
offlce or to do any part of the work; flrst-
class references and bond It required. Ad-
dre.ss box 3104, Call.
'WANTED — Work as millwright or foreman of
saw or planing mill: over 20 years' expe-
rience: sober and reliable. Box 3134, Call.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; Is good
waiter; good references. Box 2102, Call.
YOUNG barber wants position afternoons. Sat-
urday and Sunday. Box 3133, Call offlce.
YOUNG man. strong, willing to make himself
generally useful, seeks n. position with ad-
vancement; wages no object. _ Box 3142, Call.
WAITED by capable reliable man; good fig-
ursr and accountant; in offlce or ttore. Box
3100, Call.
WANTED — A place by a man and wife, the
man willing to work or do chores, the wife
a good cook; good references; terms reason,
able. Apply 3273 Nineteenth st, nr. Howard.
SOBER young man of 25 wants position of any
kind or would work In packing-house; ex-
perience In dried fruit; wages no object; good
references. Box 2187, Call.
HOTEL man from the East, age 35, wishes
position as clerk or manager; experienced,
steady nnd reliable; no objection to country
Box 2372. Call. Oakland.
BOOKKEEPING or other clerical work; age
21 ; good recommendation and experience.
Box 2170, Call. v .
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith and carriage worker
wishes situation; thoroughly competent 1
, Polk st. ; .
A YOUNG machinist, understanding steam, gas
and gasoline engines thoroughly, desires po.
sltion in or out of city. Box 2186, Call.
WANTED — By a young man of 20, situation
as attendant to old gentleman or invalid at
reasonable salary. . Address H. P. WHIT-
NEY. 3 Polk et.
ALL-AROUND stonemason would like a job;
expert on water-tight masonry. J. J. FLA-
HERTY. 629 Clay st. ,
MAN, . strictly sober, wants position as night
clerk in hotel or lodging-house: can give ref-
erence or bond. Box 2166, Call office.
PAINTING, paper-hanging, kalsomlnlng want-
ed; have my own tools: for landlord and pri-
vate parties; reasonable: drop postal; will
call with samples. Box 2164, Call offlce.
YOUNG man would like to keep the books and
finances of some. establishment that needs a
hustler; will furnish bond. Box 2132, Call.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as cook In
private family. E. MORIMOTO, 923 Sacra-
. men to st. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St
_ FIJTANCIAL. _^_
COMPANIES promoted. guaranteed and
financed, stock taken In payment for serv-
ices; good propositions wanted: gold bonds
furnished. PACIFIC STATES MININO
AXD INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc>— We
. have 42 offices In operation; new method o£
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main offlce. 607-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
OAKrTo09^FTaT'to let and furniture for sale";
new; never been used; frescoed ceilings;
marble vestibule; all modern Improvements;
looking out on park; rent $37 60; can be seen
between 11 and 3 o'clock. '
NEW upper flat. 6 rooms and finished attic:
■un In every room all day; fine location, view
and grounds. NW. cor. Portola and Waller
sts., between Pierce and Stelner.
SCOTT, 3 — Sunny corner flat: 7 rooms, bath;
facing Duboce Park; marine view; $35.
TO Let — Elegant large lower flat. 2865 Wash-
ington st.. bet. Scott and Devlsadero.
POLkT630, bet.Turk and Eddv— Modern middle
flat, 0 rooms; rent $37 60; no children.
6 ROOMS bath, yard. 25 Lloyd, bet. Scott
and Devlsadero. Waller and Thirteenth; $15.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat of 5 rooms, bath and laun-
dry; rent low. Apply afternoons from 2 until
5 o'clock. 79 South Park.
FCRXITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
MODERN 7-room flat; everything new; holiday
present for some one. Box 3141, Call.
! «—^——— ——————^———
FURNITURE WASTED.
WILSON buys all kinda of household goods.
1710 Market st: tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mlsalon St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES. \^^
CHRISTMAS present — Danlcheft glove order;
factory price cuar. ; kept In repair. 121 Grant.
KEl'P WANTE D— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Tel. Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
' G extra waitresses, country. $1 50 a day, free
fare both ways, for December 30
Head waitress, south $40
10 waitresses, different country hotels
$20, S25
2 waitresses, new hotel, city ■ $20
Chambermaids city and country $20
Pastry cook, flrst-class hotel $40, $50
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks and houseglrls. second girls. nurs«-
girls can secure places by calling on
C. R. HANSBN & CO 104 Geary st
WANTED — Man and wife, small ranch. $35; 6
second girls, $20, $25; cook for men, $25;
kitchen helper, $15; housework. Alameda, 3
family, $30; cook, small family hotel, $30;
7 waitresses for nice family hotels, $20;
chamber work and waiting, country, short
distance, $25; a great many girls for general
! housework, city and country. $20, $25, $30.
Call Monday. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334
Sutter st.
ARTISTS WANTED.
Outside of newspaper work my shop pays
artists the best, and the chances of ad-
vancement to people of ability are exception-
ally good. I do commercial art work only
— the illustrating of catalogues, booklets,
magazine advertisements, etc.
My shop Is the only one of its kind upon
the coast and therefore In advertising for
artists I find It necessary to explain the na-
ture of the work because a large number of
people otherwise apply who have no concep-
tion of Its requirements. I pay straight sal-
aries — allowing no piece work, and have now
positions open to artists who can put in de-
tails faithfully.
MARIE LOUISE RIMES,
Rooms 700-705 Emma Spreckels Bldg..
San Francisco. Cal.
WE have again resumed work In our laundry
department and have a number of vacant
places for experienced hand and machine
ironers. S.tandard Shirt Factory, corner
Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Working girls; the S. F. HAIR-
DRESSIXG COLLEGE teaches you In 3
weeks hairdresslng, manicuring, massage;
entire course $5; eve. classes: positions guar-
anteed; more calls for help than we can fill.
College, 233 Geary st, rooms 13-15.
WANTED— By private party. San Diego, ac-
oompllshed educated literary stenographic
secretary: short hours and leisure. Address
stating education, age, references, box 2104,
Call offlce.
OPERATORS on cotton shirt waists.
2 tuckers.
Good hands on children's hats and caps.
BAUER BROS. & CO.. 21 Sansome *t
YOUNG ladles to address en\-elopes. 70c per
1000; wholesale house; opportunity to work
Into general office work. Box 3103. Call.
EXPERIENCED lady demonstrator to travel
in Oregon and Washington; state experience
and references. Box 217S, Call offlce.
A GIRL wanted for cooking; no waiting on
table; three adults in family. Apply 2114
Vallejo st., from 9 to 12 Monday.
WANTED — A bright, neat, rapid copyist for 1
or 2 weeks: wages $6 per week; hours 9 to 6.
Box 2175. Call offlce.
PROOFREADER; state experience, last em-
ployer; salary $12; steady situation. Box
3108. Call offlce.
WANTED — First-class woman cook at 30 Lib-
erty st, near Valencia, between Twentieth
and Twenty-flrst 6ts.
GOOD hypnotic subject wanted: young man
or lady; good appearance. DR. CONRAD,
7 Grant ave.
WANTED — 2 lady pianists for lessons, physical
culture. Hoover Hall, 1327 Market st.; call
Monday.
EXPERIENCED sheepskin glove makers on
machine. F. G. Conklin & Co.. 413 Sacramnto.
ENERGETIC, ambitious woman for good busi-
ness opening.* Box 3140, Call offlce.
GIRLS for hand-sewing on children's dresses;
must speak French. Apply 717 Union st. .
GOOD finishers on coats; high wazes and
steady Job. 344 Tehama st, bet. 4th and 5th.
YOUXO girl for light housework. 1619 Sut-
ter tt.
WANTED — A woman: good cook for men. Ap-
ply 2030 Seventeenth st, corner Vermont.
WANTED— Stenographer and typewriter. oT
N.. box 3145. Call offlce.
OPERATOR? at Levl btrauns & Co.'s Overall
Factory. Z2% Fremont st. ; no rxperienc«
necessary: good pay, steady work. Apply to
tip 1}A V^T^l
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction ; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and. Grove sts.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted on ladles'tailor
garments who can make buttonholes by hand;
JJ 0 other but flrst-class need apply., BARON,
-z Grant ave.
WANTED — 500 specialty children, boys and
e !f. ls ' for Juve nlle Carnival. Mechanics' Pa-
jg^g^Lg LE^ maaa -
GI^f J to RSstr -t In housework. Apply 701 Mc-
Alllster Bt. near Octavla.
W^ IS i T . ED ~? sperlenced operators on women's
and wrappers; fteady work; electric
power; good pay. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Mar-
Kt-t St.
!g^egwag g e r$2 a ol &»£?£ ° ermaO or
0^!?., 70^ 11 * Elrls w *nted for con-
need apply PtMo C n?. C '^ "^ Und ' r 13
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2300 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109t>
Valencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Gail.
16 pagea.~4n wrapper for mailing: $1 per year.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED — Coffee roaster: gas roaster and
grinding; must have experience: a sober and
industrious man will find steady employment
in good house. Address, with references, box
31.16. Call offlce.
AN energetic, business man. familiar with
mercantile work; newspaper or Insurance
preferred: salary: good opportunity for right
party. Address box 3111. Call office.
WANTED— Boy who lives with his parents to
run a passenger elevator In a wholesale
house; in answering state age and mention
references. Box 3133. Call offlce.
A BRIGHT young man. about 16 years of age,
to make himself generally useful In our cut-
ting department Standard Shirt Factory
• corner Gough and Grove eta.
HELP WA5TED-MALE-Cnii#.aj
wmmmm
4 laborers, mine, surface work :.. . jgpO* 'J
4 machinists &
2 sash weight molders.. * blockma^ers
Bookkeeper and stenographer. «>™£g'{wi
!!!!!!!!!"H6TEi"i>EPABTMENT
Cook, country hotel. $40; cake^ *S
try shop. $40; 9 cooks, different city ana
country jo's. $30 to $50: » J» 1 *gj: c g?"S
$20. MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay St.
A WOODCHOFPERS .• *
Big wages can ba made on this Job....
Virgin timber Level ground
25 men to open up a woodchopplnff camp.
Job will last 3 years; redwood, pme. oau.
hard wood: prices 75o to $2 per cord: cheap
fares: a good layout. MURRAY & READ*.
6U4-636 Clay st. .
WANTED— By January 1. experienced travel-
Ing salesman for California; may start at
once. Address box 608, St. Louis. Mo.
MEN to distribute circulars, samples, tacle
signs, etc.; no canvassing; good pay. A.
SMITH ADV. ASSN.. Washington, P. C.
WANTED — Competent dental laboratory man
with experience and references- Call National
Tooth Crown Co., 21 PoweU st. _^
WANTED — Young man for stenographer "^fP»
office work; short distance from city. Epx
21S2. Call offlce. ]__
NIGHTWATCHMAN ; Inside district; for sale.
$250; Al opportunity for youcg man. Box
2199, Call offlce.
WANTED — A thorough electrician. Apply NE.
corner Point Lobos and Fifth aves., ready
for work.
FIRST-CLASS orchestra violinist; steady works
Immediately. Box 2180, Call office.
ELDERLY man as night clerk In lodging-
house; small wages. Col ton House, 220 3d.
BOY for plumbing shop: call between T:30 and.
8:30. 623 Davla st. ■
DISHWASHER wanted. 29 Toarth st.
ROUTER and blocker wanted. Apply Caitfor*
r.ia Photo Engraving Co., 613 Market st.
YOUNG man. 20 to 23, to go on road. 3. I*
HILLYER, General Delivery. City.
CIVIL service Government positions — 08S9 ap-
pointments made last year; probably 10.000
this year; only common school education re-
quired for examination; catalogue of In*
formation free. Columbian Correspondenc*
School. Washington. D. C ' .
MEN to learn barber trades barber* la de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated)
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL*
LCGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, tJ.
8 navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. Tor
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. j
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and pum£
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED — Bright young man to sell toys.
Apply at HALE BROS.' before 11 a. m.
WANTED — Flrst-class bartender. Palace oC
Art. 16 Post st. : ■
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS. & CO.. 24 9utter St.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; ISO large.
' rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Partner In barber shop with small
capital; downtown location. Apply Call ofUce.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. C63 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ABLE solicitors can earn 1100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
SCO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.. nr. Sth.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 60c up. 241 Third st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue)
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 7.41A Howard.
PENSION atty.. B. A. Bullis. 3, 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Ceo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23o
to 60c E63 Mission it., bet 1st and 2d sta.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar- J
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
fre* 'bus and baggage to and from terry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at '. 1034
Valencia st.
HORSES AND WAGOS9.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sals
Wednesday. Dec. 25, at 11 a. m., at the Ar-
cade Horse Market, 327 Sixth st JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer.
2D-HAND wire wheel pneumatic ball-bearing
and Bailey buggy and bike cart; cheap.
O'BRIEN'S. Polk st. and Golden Gate ave.
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth at.
FOR sale — 30 fine draught horses: weight from
1200 to 1600. Apply for further Information
at 1238 Stockton st., from 11 to 12 a. m.
A SNAP — Business horse, buggy and harness
very cheap; best offer takes it 273 Tehama
st Owner, 125 Geary st
' FINE horse road buggy, cheap. 4164 Twenty-
sixth st.
HORSE, $15; horse. $25; buggy, $30: single coal
wagen, $40; tea wagon, $40. 70 City Hall av.
FULL line German Government horses always
on h&nd. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission «t
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 632 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
Jn T*** 7^1*. In fftT '1 *^*T. $1 ▼Wit*.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PR1NTFO list houses te lot: nenrt for cir-
cular. G. K. TTMDSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOt'SES^TO LET— FTUNIS1IED.
FOR sale or rent — Handsomely furnished new
modern 6-room flat, close to the Panhandle;
very reasonable; departure' cause of sule. Ad-
dress box 2191. Call office.
JOB PRINTING.
1000 CARDS, $1; good . stock; new type timt
fine work. If you get our samples and pries
you will give us your printing. ODELL 1*.
CO.. 73 Fourth st.; tel. Black 1807.
LOST AXD FOUND.
$10 REWARD— Vest loet Return to WIL-
LIAMS BROS.', Ill Sutter st; no questions
asked.
LOST — A diamond and pearl brooch, on Friday
afternoon. Return to L. TITUS, 101 Sansome
st, and receive liberal reward.
LOST — Fox terrier; white with black spots.
wearing red leather collar with sterling trlm-
mlngs. Reward If returned to 657 Devlsadero.
LOST — Agate watch chain, heart shaped, gold
mounted. Receive reward at 12'Zi Jackson.
PAIR of gold-rlmmed spectacles In standard
optical case: reward. Return to C6S Castro.
LOST — Brown and white English setter dog/^
Return to 2721 Clay St.; liberal reward.
LOST— Black Gordon setter. Return to 1
Grant ave.: reward.
LOST — A fur tippet. December 10: liberal re-
ward. ASHTON & GAKDINEIC. Ill Mont-
gomery Et.
BROWN and white English setter doff. Return
. GEO. WALTSON. 331 Pine; liberal reward.
IT will pay to . "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs oli
gold and silver to make new watch case*.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st.
MACHINE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works, 415H Sacramento »t.
builds models and experimental machinery
mine hoists 4. g. 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles «tnj tOc for Hgt. Mrs. Hfit». TPft Kills.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized uphol-
■tery; Al carpet cleaning; honest wofk guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 PoweU
St.: tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL. A
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years' experience: Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farreli. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 OTarrell at.DR> O'.DCSWELL-All who are tick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist My
rnedlcines have been used for many years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief In alt
case* taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by xny medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
lr?*3?ii~ rell^ to the longest cases. DR. Q.
W. O'DOXXELL. 1018 Market St." opp. Fifth.
A — MRS. 6WEET. graduate of Royal Unlver-
Eity, Berlin, in midwifery cases; takes ladle*
before and during confinement; best of care;
cpRfinement, $15; room and board, $5; infants
adopted: will take two to work at my private
residence. COS Guerrero, nr. ISth; tel. Blue 411.
MR f' 1 ""^* 1^ ladJes ' Physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home m confinement. 210 Eddy st near
Taylor, formerly of 1312 Golden Gate nve.
TH JL. orlplnal MRS - NAVIES is still located at
1^2-S Market: maternity home provided- office
"hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and « to 8:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
metho.l of treatment; maternity home; nome
in confinement. 1120 Market et.. S. F.
MRS. D ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
epecialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
lins. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician- 25 its'
DR. KG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Vnlon square: all tSispiiyes cured by herbs.
ri™??,' en B Ine «- id-hand machinery. Mc^
IXTOSH & WOLPMAX, 195-137 Fremont st
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
* cd J^ 8 ; 1 ': Special fcr Xmas; Children's
U.cy Furniture Bets.
UYEDA CO.. 4ti «n<1 4;< Peary >t
P THOROUGHBRED Gordon setters, 12 weeks.
HO each; eire and dam first prize winners;
Gordon setter, full grown, fine retriever to
(run. 525; 2 field ppanlels. full grown. $10
each. 60S Post et.
FOR sale — A fine oak office with bevel plate
glass and grill work; also a lot of fine shelv-
ing; offers solicited; closing out sale. San
Francisco Shoe House, 831* Market st
LACES, direct from Brussels; finest and rarest
kinds cheep; can b« seen at 1590 Alcatraz
ave., Lorin station, Berkeley, or I will call at
your residence; agents wanted.
BARGAINS In hand cameras and supplies; fin-
ishing for amateurs; bromide enlarging; free
dark rooms. Modern Photo Co., room 9 632
Market et
A— BUYS, eells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, bcilers. water pipes, ehafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear sL
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap; also new
lot beltlrp: half price of regular goods. H.
S. WHITE. 510-520 Mission st.
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton
rt.. upstairs.
TO be removed, two houses; 1612-1618 Wash-
ington *t. J. R. POOL, 1124 Mission st; tel.
South 7S7.
GASOLINE enrir.es for all purposes; machin-
ery rr.ade to order. J. NIELAND. 1728 Bry-
| ant et. .
A— $3 EO DERBY and Fedora cat*. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny et. near Pine.
FINE eu'.ts, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A— RARE chance; bicycle, 58; don't miss It
416 Larkln St.. near Turk.
FILLED case American lady's watch worth
$20. for $S 50. M ANNIE'S. 32 Stockton st
DONKEY 3 years old; drive or ride; bargain.
2118 Sixteenth st
BEAUTIFUL white Polar bear skin rug; ele-
frantly mounted. Box 2189, Call.
TARTY must sell 3 diamond rings. M, B ,
box CSS. Call efgee.
A VERY fine eld violin for sale. New Munici-
pal Loan Office. 617 Washington st.
PIGEON'S by the pair or dozen. 2707 Central '
ave., Alameda.
GREYHOUNDS for sale. 3272 Twenty-fifth
fireet
THE Durnond violin collection, rarest «pecl-
men. on eale 2 to 8 dally. Rm. 4, 128 Ellis.
OLD Schweitzer violin, 1815, worth f250 only
f30. Portland Loan Office.. 23 Stockton st
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 50. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton et
SG-IXCH full dress suit case, leather lined. S3
Misfit Parlors. 23 Stockton et ■-"•»•
WALLPAPER, 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc.
MERIGAX. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS, 2a-hand. all makes, at low
Cgurea. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. -
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. SSt Mission stl
EXGIN'ES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 129 Beale et
FAIREANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 211 California st'
SAFES- New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
IST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, iold. Krogh iSlg. Co., 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; S drawers; oak;
complete: cheap. 1S15 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny st. rm. 23.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and eizes. |
JACOB ECHWERDT. 821 Mission st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
turcs. BCLLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WAJTTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
ekina. Address at once, box 1205, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th Et; tel. Folsom 2522.
LADIES' & gents' good id-hand clothing bought
& sold. EUverman, 9S4 Folsom ;tel.Folsom U8L
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
gflo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
PAINTERS' etaging. falls, hooks and ladders.
Box 210*. Call office.
Moy eyjto lo ax.
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building.
#4,600, OOO at loweet rates
on first and second mortgages
Life Interests in estates
Property being held In trust
Undivided Interests In real estate
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. €03 Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 6^ & 6 per cent In sums to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, life lnnurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above eecurities. Tel. Red 6024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgagea. .........
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Morteages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery et., room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; C per cent; first
eecend and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, Eecurities. manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor.Chronicle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established In 18C3;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds,
jewelry pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant ave., cr. Mkt.; tel. Black 5471.
ON real estate, Is*, or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal: any
amount; lowest rates; open evenings 7 to 8.
BECKER & CO.. 927 Market st. room C13.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary et; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advance* on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
et.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third et.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods In warehouse, etc. ; any amt. ; low-
est rates; private. Ormsby, 26 Montgomery st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
annum. MOKBELL, 603 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bids., 301 Jones.
OX furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest Interest: racy terms; no broker-
' ege; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
3% ON furniture and pianos; $J5 up: no re-
moval; open evenings. Room 81. 6 Eddy et
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
•coromis. ; confidential. Whitehead. 1710 Mrkt
OX salaries, f*. Y. plan; Indorsed paper dls-
countc-d. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
' IF~>ou want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome ft.
ON SALARIES without Indorser: other propo-
eltlons. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., S03 Phelan bid*.
_ MOKEY WANTED. , . '
WANTED— To borrow $1200: suburban realty;
no agents. Box 3107. Call office. ■
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ORGANS from $35 to $1000. BYRON MAUZY,
S08 Post st ;
FREE, concert, at BYRON MAUZY 7 ! every
afternoon and evening, Cecllian Piano Player. '
808 Post st . .
HALLETT & DAVIS $35
Raven & Bacon..... 60
. Weber 100
■ Chlckering 125
Dunham ...'. 150
Fleischer 175,
Arion 200
■ BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
CHRISTMAS bargains; slightly used high-
grade pianos:
Steinway .$350
Letter g 50
Byron Mauzy ; 350
Sohmer ....;...... 400
Sohmer Baby Grand 650
BYRON MAUZY. 303. 31Q. 312 Post st
ALL grades sold by the Heine Piano Co.; solo
agents most famous and oldest American
makes; easy payments; big allowance for
old pianos; rents $2 up allowed If purchase J;
our new building and hall will be completed
before March 1; we are now making a spe- i
clal reduction for the holidays to clear out
our slightly used goodd; imons them are all
the standard makes, frjrn $25 up to $350;
SAx<ra%T d <ssg st thl3 sale - heine
WHY not make a present of a piano? We need
rocm.
1 Sommer. .$27 1 Fischer $42
J Vow $29 1 Zech ...$29
1 Heine $295 1 Btelnway $285
and 60 others at reduced prices for Christmas-
all guaranteed arid can be exchanged at full
value any time within 3 years.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary tt.
AT this etage of the holiday business we can
only ask you to call and let us show you
our goods. The prices and quality will con-
vjnee you that we are giving the very best |
pianos for the lowest prices of any reliable
house, and we guarantee everything we sell
to give satisfaction; pianos as low as $75
VV e take caEh or payments. Wlssner, Decker
& Son. Baumeister, Steger and Singer are our
co*. ay&riffg. 8 ?* 0 mauvais music
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock
b ? U i^' w and «econd-hand. is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold UDon
easy payments of $6 per month; some g-bod
planes for $3, $4 and $5 per mouth. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter fts.. San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from J5S' up
Second-hand square pianos from »50 up.
S*cond-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
Pianos from «73 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
BON. 1C to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering. Mason
Sc Hamlln, Vcse. Sterling pianos.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano. $85; stx-octav«
Mason & Hamlln organ, $35; Steinway
equare. $100: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright used only few months, $275: Bech-
eteln baby rrand. almost new. BOWERS &
SON. 23 Fifth St.; IVERS & POXD, Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER Sc. CHASE, 30 O'Farreil
et: established 1850.
EXCITING bargains— Three cars new ' high-
grade pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
realize advances and storage; dirt cheap (in-
stallment*); open evenings until 9:20. WIL-
SON'S Storage. 1710 Market et.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 833 Market st
A large shipment of LUDWIG pianos Just ar-
rived; also the new CHASE & BAKER self
piano players.
OUR planoe. the leading makers; price $100
upward; values best In the city. PIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
FOR sale en account death; beautiful new
standard upright piano; fully guaranteed.
777 Geary st. ; bargain.
$175 — A RARE chance; fine upright.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bk.
ANY amount on country property by private
party at 520 Wals worth ave., Oakland.
UNEEDA piano for the holidays; rent one;
total cost $5. 560 Hayes at
A STEINWAY upright; must be sold; no rea-
sonable offer refused. Box 2150, Call.
FOR SALE — Weber, nearly aew; party must
have some cash. Box 2149, Call.
PARTY going away will rent or sell upright
piano very cheap. . Box 2143. Call.
COMPELLED to sell account departure, new
8-pedal standard upright piano/ 777 Geary.
PIANO free: party will- give use of piano to
party who will try to sell It. R. 38. 217 Geary.
J12S— SCHLEIP upricht excellent condition.
ITS: Erard upright Hornung. 216 McAllister.
EUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
- MULLER. maker, repairer. 1 Latham place.
AT KEEFFE'S, 21 TurS et] near Market—
Ehonlnuer. Schubert and Ftelnwar barirarns.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
STORE 30x30 with basement 40x80; location
center of wholesale iron and machinery trade.
Apply at 143 First st.
PACIFIC, 328— Newly fitted up store; cheap;
also store, 804 Sar.scme St., $10.
GEARY, 2301. cor. Broderlck — Store suitable
for grocery and bar. Apply 2303 Geary at.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st
PALMISTRY.
MME. ZELLA, palmist and card reader; 25c
and 50c. 783^ Market Et; bring this ad.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st, bet Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
KEERGAARD, president St. Germain College,
reads from 1 to 4. 700 Post: phone Hyde 20XJ.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATOng.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Red 3521.
PENSION advice free; general practitioner.
Geo. P. Campbell, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
PERSONALS.
ABOUT your hair — To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop
falling and grow new hair. The Star Hair
Remedy la superior to all other tonics and
restoratives. It is clean and healthful. Is not
gummy or sticky; no grease, no stain; never
falls. Sold by druggists, hairdressers or our
office, 385 Geary st. The Star Remedy Co.'
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other guits on install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
et., between Seventh and Eighth.
WHY Guecs? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Dec. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office. 1021 Market *t.. near- Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; super-
fluous hair, moles, etc.. removed by electric
needle. MME. ZEPHEY. 1208 California Ft.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; SI 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
. rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 7C9 Fifth. Oakland.
ARTISTIC halrdressing. manicuring, shampoo-
ing, etc.. at moderate prices In America's
best-appointed parlors. The "BON-TON,"
324 Post St.; switches at bargain prices.
DRUMMERS' samples of exquisite dress skirts
at half original price: direct from Paris and
Hew York; your choice of 2C5 to select. His-
tory building 723 Market st., room 11.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer. Institute, lL'l
. West Forty-second Et, N. Y.
PURE white diamond rings, $40, $65, $160;
turquoise, $27; 2%-karats diamond solitaire,
$210; all cost double. 833 Jessie, near Fifth.
MARRIAGE paper, containing hundreds "per-
sonal" advertisements marriageable people,
many rich, mailed free. J.W.Gunnela, Toledo.O.
THE latest and best things in ladies'-, ready to
wear garments, tailor-made fuits, skirts, on
installments, at C. F. -ADAMS CO., 156 5th.
RARE and unique presents for the holidays at
The Old Curiosity Store. 118 Geary st. NAT
RAPHAEL: novelties of every description.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st, near Broadway.
Sing Chong & Co. has removed from 115 Stock-
ton to 668 Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones, where
can be found fine stock of ladies' underwear.
ALL hair and scalp diseases cured, hair grown,
gray restored; shampooing unexcelled. MRS.
E. R. DUNLAP. 34 Kearny and 47- Post
WRINKLES removed. ' scientific method, 00c;
hairdreEsin?, 25c: manicuring, 2&c; shampoo-
ing. 50c. ■ O. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G. S.Moore. 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
A — VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 703 Valencia st. cor, lflth.*
gAVE money and buy bicycles at.KENN'ET'S,
Sixteenth and Valencia sts., for. Christmas.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1901.
PERSOyALS-— Contlnqea^
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
? years', experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna St.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
, & moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st
LADIES — I will give you valuable Information
free. Ad. MME. DeHAVEN, box 2130, Call.
Mrs. Brlggs — Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. 968 Sutter; tel. Larkln 3171.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer, 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.,
the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFRKDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural eclor; $1; at all druggists.
600 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
KEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny ft.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021% Market st. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,' successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
■ testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr.. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st: gee testimonials at office.
PLANING AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 05 Fremont.
ntPTURE SANITARIUM;
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market st ; treatment <ree; only
i Invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st, rooms 0-10 ;tel. 5580.
SEWING BIACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
: pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movins: Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouss. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storace and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore et.; phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sal©
VINEYARD.
Winery,*
x Distillery,
In Naca Co., s
1150 acres,
300 acres resistant vines.,
400,000-gallon cooperage,
Fine brick residence.
Price only $60,000.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
THE CHOICEST BODY
OF RECLAIMED MARSH LAND.
. • 8660 acres.
No waste soil.
2S00 acres under cultivation.
Remainder will be.
Net rental, $5 to $7 per acre.
One and one-half hours
From San Francisco
By rail, or water.
For sale
As a whole
On easy terms.
A long lease might be given to desirable
parties.
— _— . A " ■
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
VILLA SITES
in the heart - . t .
EL CERRITO HIGHLANDS, j
San Mateo.
In view of the great demand for building
sites in El Cerrlto we have been Instructed by
the Bowie Estate Company to offer for sale the
choicest portions of the above property.
Maps showing locations and * subdivisions to
be seen at our office.
Terms one-third cash, balance In one and
two years.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
' 108 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
FOR SALS
OR EXCHANGE.
A highly improved country home and vine-
yard property, situated adjoining the town of
Saratoga, Santa Clara Co., and consisting of 60
acres; there are 30 acres planted to the best
resistant vines grafted to choicest wine grapes;
a few acres are in family orchard; the Im-
provements consist of a large 12-room modern
residence, with spring water piped throughout;
the house Is surrounded by handsome grounds
with lawns, flowers and shrubs; there are also
stables and other ranch buildings; the house
set3 on a sufficient elevation to command a
beautiful view of the Santa Clara Valley; the
wine Industry is assured good prices for years
to come and wine grapes are selling for $25 to
$30 per ton, which makes a resistant vineyard
an Investment proposition; this property is
worth your immediate investigation; price
$15,000. For full information call on or address
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
OIL LANDS, ~ '
Near Sunset District,
Kern County, California.
6000 acres.
For sale or exchange Cheap
McAFEE BROTHERS, '
108 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS.
We desire to call the attention of intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains in In-
come producing orchard, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank foreclos-
ures, that we have for sale.* Mr. Bush having
had forty years' knowledge and experience of
the value of lands and being the owner of an
income-producing orchard and vineyard can
intelligently direct intending buyers to the
best lands and bargains In the State.
DAVID BUSH & SON, 10 Montgomery st
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS] ~~
SAN MATEO,
FAIR OAKS,
MEXLO PARK,
PALO ALTO.
We have some beautiful villa sites and
homes in these beautiful places; also some
handsomely furnished houses for rent.
DAVID BUSH & SON, 10 Montgomery st.
FOR lands In most prosperous part of Califor-
nia come to Watsonvllle, whore there Is no
Euch thing as irrigation, winds or frosts;
where largest and surest apple crop is har-
• vested In world. $2000 — 14 acres rich land,
all In apples and apricots; 1 new house and
barn; snap; only % cash. $0000 — 20-acre
full bearing apple orchard; new house and
barn; income pays over 15 per cent on Invest-
ment; only % cash. Send for catalogue.
R. P. QUINN, Real Estate, Watsonvllle, Cal.
A CHRISTMAS present— A fine ranch of 100
acres in Lake County, only 2 miles from
town, overlooking Clear Lake and the sur-
rounding country: all tillable land; fine
(nearly new) 2-story 7- room residence, out-
buildings; 2' acres bearing: orchard; fine
water; house alone cost over $1000 to build-
all we ask for this grand ranch Is $1000. C.
F. MOORE, 935 Market St., room 6,
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO — -
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is (crowing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., S02 California st, for pam-
phUts and information.
DO you want 240 acres. of timber lands for
cash? — Must sell NB % and N % of NW V4
eee. 3C, T. 21 N, A 5 E, M. D. M.. about 23
miles NE from. Orovllle, Butte Co., Cal.;
make an offer. Box 2183, Call office. ■
HOMESTEAD, $400; near railroad; house;
fencing: stream; partly cultivated; beautiful
timbered location. 614 Kearny st., room 16.
20-ACRE apricot orchard in full bearing; fine
condition; house and barn; all fenced; a bar-
galn..- Call room 9, 123 Ellis st.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach & prune
lands. to sell; right locality; big money; easy
payments. Healy & Henderson, 6 Eddy st.
HALF .interest in . paying ranch; a bargain;
owner, going Hist. Owner, box 2106, Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale* write for
free list C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
• Call, 16 pases, • sent to any address . In the
-United States or Canada one year for it
REAL, ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
'REAL ESTATE. .
$15,000 — Rents $105 per month; Sansome 1 - St.;
corner; a substantial brick building of
45 i rooms; under lease and rented as
a hotel; tenant paya water and makes
repairs. . -
$10,500 — Rents $75 per month; Hyde st; cor-
ner; S bay-window houses of 7 rooms
and bath and cottage of 4 rooms and
bath; all In perfect order and steadily
rented; 48x76:9.
$7,500— Rents $70 per month; a choice north-
east corner on 25th st. ; new Improve-
ments consist of three flats; also
store and 1 flat adjoining;- 25x104.
$7,600 — Valencia St., close to. junction of Mar-
ket and Valencia sts. ; . this property
is bound to enhance In value; store
and 2 flats; 30x80.
$5,000 — Rents $55 per month; Hyde st; busi-
ness property; 2 stores and flat; 80
feet front. ,
$7,250 — Rents $68 per month; Howard St.,
nr. 12th; 3 bay-window flats of 7, 7, tt
rooms and bath each; 25x137.
$5,500 — Rents $47 50 per month; inside busi-
ness property, consisting of 2 stores
and flat above. . ■ .
$5,500 — Rents $42 per month: Devisadero St.,
near Haight; 2 bay-window flats; must
be sold in order to close an estate;
25x100.
$4,250 — Rents ?30 50 per month: Twenty-
fourth st.: substantial . huilding-, con-
sisting of store and 2 flats, with
driveway and stable In the rear;
26x114.
$3,600— Rents $35 per month; close to Market
and 6th sts. ; 4 tenements of 5 and 3
rooms each; 23x80.
$3,500 — Rents S"8 per month; Clara st. ; 3
well-built flats of 4, 4, 8 rooms each
in good order and steadily rented.
$3,100 — Ellis St., near Scott; 2 cottages of 3
rooms each; a nice lot to Improve
with elegant flats; 30x75.
$3,100 — Rents f48 per month: near 6th and
Folsom sts.; 6 flats of 4 rooms each;
brick foundation, etc.; 25x76.
$2,700 — Rents $24 per month; near Howard
and 14th sts. ; 2 flats of 4 rooms each;
30x75.
$2,600 — Rents $32 per month; Harrison St.,
near Seventh; 6 flats of 3 rooms each;
25x80.
Send for our "Real Estate Record," con-
taining a list of properties for sale In all
parts of the city.- - .
Latest Pocket Map of San Francisco, 25c
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.
205 Montgomery St., opp. Mills Building.
BARGAINS IN INVESTMENTS.
$16,000 — Handsomest flats In the city; close In;
north side; large lot; big income;
handsome and attractive, with marble
steps, electric lights and every modern
• improvement; cars pass.
$15,000 — Rent3 $1740 per annum; new, modern,
up to date; near Powell st. right down
town. - •
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$10,500 — Reduced from $14,000; two large well
built handsome residences on north
side best street Western Addition; lot
. 55x110 feet; forced sale; snap.
$6,400^-Rents $702; 4 new modern flats of 4
rooms and bath: tiled mantels; porce-
lain tubs, etc.; bltumlnlzed street; ce-
ment walk; Ellis and Halght st. cars
one block.
$5,600 — New Mission flats; two flats of 5 and
6 rooms and bath; every modern im-
provement; Ju3t completed; rents $505.
$4.000— Rents $576; 6 flats in good condition;
on. large key lot south of and close to
Market St.; must be sold to close es-
tate.
$3,750— Rents $456; all rented; right In the
manufacturing district; close to Sec-
ond and Howard; sure to double In
value. . .. ..
SNAPS IN RESIDENCES.
$5,750 — Large elegant modern residence close !
to Park Panhandle; every modern Im-
provement; 8 tiled mantels; hand
painted ceilings; fine wdbdwork, etc.;
bank appraisement $7500; $3750 mort-
gage.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
55,000 — Large elegant modern residence of 10
rooms and bath; half block from Park
Panhandle; every modern Improve-
ment; terms If desired; bituminized
street. ■ • 1 - • ■
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery st.. opp. Mills Building.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.)
618 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$16,500 — Turk, near Jones; 27:6x137:6; two
2-story houses.
$10,000— Noe, near Seventeenth; 60x95; 4
flats ; rents $72 50.
$8250 — Hayes, near Buchanan; 27x95; 3 flats;
rents $67.
$0000 — Union place, near Green; 20x58:9; two
houses; rents $41.
$5000— Leavenworth, near Union; 25x112:6; 3
new flats; rents $47. ■
$4750 — Mason, near Sacramento; flats; rents
$41 CO.
$4500 — Oak, near Scott; 25x137:0; house of 7
rooms and. bath. . .
$4500 — Corner Twenty-sixth and Capp; S0x05;
1 2 houses; rents $31.
$4250 — Fell, near Devlsadero; 25x137:6; house
of 7 rooms and bath.
UNIMPROVED.
California, nr. Webster; 3 lots; each 25x
137:0.
$3500— Corner Buchanan and Pine; 65xSl:3.
$7000— Buchanan, near Sutter; 60x137:6 — and
L 25x50.
$5500— Greenwich, near Taylor; 45:10x137:6.
$5000 — Waller, near Webster; 60x120 to rear
street.
$5000— Capp st, near Twenty-fifth; 65x115.
Corner Nineteenth ave. and Clement St.: 200
xl20.
$4000 — Corner Jones and Filbert sts.; 25x70
$3500 — Fulton st, near Fillmore: 32:6x137:6.
Point Lobos, near 22d ave.; 63:4x100. 1
Corner 25th and Point Lobos ; 43:6x100.
$3000— Clay, near Lyon; 27:6x100.
$2250— Union st, near Webster; 34:4^x137:0
$1250 each— Polk st., near Chestnut; 3 lots,
27:0x87:0.
$1000 — Sanchez, near Eighteenth; 25x105.
$85 a front foot — Mission, nr. Twenty-eighth.
400 lots, $200 to $400; terms easy; electric
road passes.
AT AUCTION.
By order of the Union Trust Co. of San Fran-
cisco, executors of the Van den Berg estate.
TUESDAY, January 7th, 1902, 12 o'clock m.
At Salesroom,
A. J. RICH & CO., 112 Montgomery st.
Sixth st, northeasterly line. 175 feet south-
easterly from Bryant at., Nos. D.33 to 6-tl),
stores and lodging-house above; lot 100x00;
rent per month $131.
Howard st, southeasterly, line, 37:6 feet
northeasterly from Moss st. (between 6th and
7th sts), 2 stores and fiat above, Nos. 1001 and
10C3; lot 37:6x100; rent $67 50 per month.
Eighth st., northeasterly line. 245 feet so>«.h-
easterly from Folsom St., No. 321; old Improve-
ments; lot 30x120.
A. J. RICH & CO.,
Auctioneers.
F. B. SURRYHNE,
Real Estate Agent,
13S MONTGOMERY ST.
$4350 — A bareain: Kell st., near the Park;
fine 2-story bay-window residence of 8 rooms
and bath; lot 25x137:6 feet. -
• $4900— Snap; northeast corner on Ellis St.,
near Devisadero: lot 30x75. with cottage of 6
rooms and bath; also key lot 25x90.
$G000 — Belvedere st. : 2 modern flats, 6 and 7
rooms and bath; rents $52 CO per month; lot
23x120.
$11,250— Rents $104 per month; 3 new mod-
ern Hats, 7 rooms each; McAllister st, near
Fillmore. . .
$12,000 — Rents $110 per month; Larktn St.; 3
new flats: lot 25x112.
$7000 — California st.: 2 new flats; rents $65
per month: lot 25x137:6.
$9750— Rents $08 per month; 3 new flats,
close to the Park.
$15,000 — Four houses, 7 rooms and bath
each; rents $100 per month; best part of the
Western Addition.
$10.r.f)0 — Three new flats, near the Park;
rents $98 per month. ' ■
FOR SALE BY \
JULIEN SMITH.
Real Estate Agent. 420 Montgomery St.:
CITY HALL LOT
25x100 feet and brick building; deep founda-
tion: rent $36; price $9300. Vacant lots near
it sold at auction this .week for $10,500. This
lot 100 feet only from Market street
KEY LOT
Key lot and. cottage In Western Addition,
near Devisadero: the prettiest and sunniest
lot to be had; sweet cottage on" same. Particu-
lars at office; price $3800,
GEO. A. RAYMOND, ! ~
Room. 2, 7th floor, Mills building.
Folscm st, bet. 1st and 2d; corner; 137:6x
275: factory site; $50,000.-
;• Eddy-st. flats, new and modern; annual
rents' $2160: $22,500. ; .
Fillmore and Green; corner; 08:9x87:6; ma-
rine view; $6250. , . .. ■ .
Washington, near Baker; 75xl27:8M : bitu-
minized street: cement sidewalk; $10,000.
Clay, near Cherry, north' side; lot 27:0x148;
$2750. ■;• * " ••• •• ."•■■"■ . • ■ -
College Heights, south of Golden Gate Park;
pplendid views; fine climate; lots $800 to $1100;
easy terms.
Ross Valley Park— San Anselmo, Marln Co. ;
lots S300 to $700. /
GEO. A. RAYMOND, Mills building.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS. . ■ \.-.\ v ■
, .'['■■- • ' -■ : EASY TERMS.
. We are offering the NW. corner of Hayes
and Fillmore sts In subdivisions of 25 and 27:6
feet -front; ideal location for residence or flats.
G. f H. DMBSEN & CO., -
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR S AL5L
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery Street.
BANSOME-ST.'- WAREHOUSE. v
$20,000— Rents $1500 por year; under lease;
brick and stone building; lot 68:0x02.
POWELL-ST. BUILDING CORNER.
$22,000 — Rents $193 - per month; NE. corner
on Powell st; stores and flats; lot 60x
78.
CORNER STORES 'AND FLATS.
$42,000 — Rents $3300 per annum; pays 7 per
cent net; lot 78x90: best crosstown
business thoroughfare In Western Ad-
dition.
HAIGHT-ST. CORNER.
$12,000 — Rents $90 per month; NE. corner on
Haight st; store and 4 rooms; 2 flats
. above; lot 25x100.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
Price $3600; rents $39— Four separate flats near
• the corner of Folsom and Tenth sts. ;
. ■ repair. • -. : :■
INVESTMENT IN FLATS.
$12,000 — Rents $110 per month: Shrader st,
near entrance to Park; lot 40x106:3; 4
" splendid flats, always rented; lnvest-
>' lgate this.
. TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$6.500— Franklin st. near Golden Gate ave.;
frame building of 2 flats of 5 and 6
rooms and bath each; rents $ C00 per
year. ■ ■
PRICE $85C0; RENTS $80 PER MONTH.
$8,500 — Harrison st ; frame building In splen-
did condition; separate flats; lot 27:3
■ - xl37:6.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, -
• 10 Montgomery- street ■
SEND to our office for "Buyer and Seller,"
containing full list of Improved and unlm-
■ proved properties for sale; mailed free.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
.. , CREAM OF PARK LOT
....In blocks fronting Golden Gate Park....
Opposite 19th ave. Boulevard Park Entrance.
On H and I ets. and
17th, 18th, 19th and 20th aves
Streets and Lots
...On Official Grades, Macadamized, etc...
All Ready to Build On
Water! Gas! Welsbach Street Lights! Plank
....Sidewalks! Excellent Car Facilities!....
The Better Class of Residences in Sunset
District
..Low Prices; Bound to Increase in Value..
..These Lots Have No Equal........
Your own terms, small first payment, bal-
..ance $10 monthly Installments; interest..
only 6 per cent
. For diagrams and prices call at our branch
office (open week days. Sundays and holi-
days),- corner H st. and Ninth ave., south
of Park. Horse and buggy at your disposal.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
NEW houses, cottages and flats for sale cheap
on easy terms in Sunset District, near new
music stand and all Golden Gate Park at-
tractions. Call at our branch office (open
week days, Sundays and holidays), corner
H st. and Ninth ave,
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st
MADISON & BURKE,
Established January, 1858.
• • REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
626 Market st., Opp. Palace Hotel.
Choice piece business property on Kearny,
near Market st. paying 6 per cent on asking
price.
Sacramento st. — Two modern flats, near nil-
more; lot 25x127; price $6800.
$9750— Grove st.. near Webster; 4 flats; rents
$72 per month; lot 33x82:6.
$0250 — Clay st, near Buchanan; 9 rooms and
bath; In good order; 27:2x127:8.
$3500 — Flat* on Pleasant st., near Taylor;
renting for $42 per month; this property Is In
good order and Is always rented.
'$12,000 — Rents $1116 per annum: 6 good bay-
window flats and lot 39:0x97:0; Inside property,
$9750 — Fays $864 per annum; 4 good flats and
large lot In good renting locality; Western Ad-
dition. ' '-,„ ■ ■-■
$25,000 — Downtown corner; on Post St.; stores
and lodging-house.
$5250 — Rents $600 per annum; Woodward
ave.. near Fifteenth and Valencia sts.; 4 flats;
lot 25x70. -:
$3800— -Very cheap corner; Church and Valley
sts.; store and flats; rents 536; only $3800.
$3500— Two flats; Clinton Park, near Dolores
st; rent $340 per year.
$5000 — A nice sunny home; -north line Bush
st, near Devlsadero;. 7 rooms and bath; lot
21x137:6.
$3500— Twenty-sixth st.. near Castro; 2 flats;
rents $27; lot 25x114.
13400 — Jones st, near Jackson; 2 flats; rents
$30 per month; 85x62:6.
$2750 — Sanchez St., NW, corner Jersey; cot-
tage of 4. rooms; lot 30x100.
$2000 — Nice cottage home on Nineteenth st.,
near. Eureka; modern, 5 rooms and bath; lot
25x75.
$4000— Valencia st, near Twenty-fifth; partly
Improved; 86x00 to an alley. •
$6500 — Seventeenth st, near Dolores; 4 flats;
rents $59; lot 36:6x57:6: offered low to force
sale ' MADISON & BURKE,
. C26 Market st.
R. D. CRANSTON & SON,
20— Third Floor— Mills Building.
$10,500 — Rents $1176 per annum: 3 new flats,
7 rms. and bath each; latest Improve-
ments: Panhandle district; lot 25x125.
$15,000 — Corner Page and Cole sts.; 4 fine flats,
6, 7, 7, 7 rooms; modern; rents $1440
per annum; always rented.
$7,500 — Rents $07 60; 2 modern flats, 6 and 7
rooms; east side, nr. Park; lot 23x134.
$6,500 — Rents $57 60; 2 modern flats, 6 and 7
rooms; lot 25xlOG:3: Clayton, nr. Park.
$6,500 — Modern residence; large parlors, din-
lng-rcom, breakfast-room, 5 large bed-
rooms, finished basement; lot 2. r >xl?7:6.
$3,000 — Attractive modern residence, 10 rooms,
bath, furnace, etc. ; near McAllister.
$4,500 — "Snap"; modern house, 0 rooms, bath;
key lot; 2 blocks from Park entrance.
$27,000 — Market st. ; lot 39x124 through to
Stevenson st.
$44,000— Micsion st. between Fourth and Fifth;
65 feet frontage.
$13,500 — Oak and Masonic; SE. corner; 100x105
$10,000 — Fell and Fillmore; NW. cor. : 56:3x100.
$0,500 — Jackson, nr. Octavia: 40x127:8%. !
$5,000 — Masonic & Frederick; SE. cor.; 45xl*'5
$2,500— Cole St., nr. Fell; 25x103.
$1,750 — Carl st, near Stanyan; 25x137:6.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Buying and Selling Bargains Is our Specialty.
$100 to $450 — Graded Ocean Boulevard lots;
elegant view; selling ( fast; $5 monthly.
$500 to $900 — Beautiful Sunset lots; streets
graded and sewered; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office, Oth ave., near R st
$400 to $800— Choicest Richmond lots* $10
monthly.
$100 to $250 — Level building lots near Mls-
8lon-st. electric cars; $5 monthly.
Modern cottages; splendid locations; all bar-
gains; easy terms. . .
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room 64, , Chronicle building.
$S700— THREE flats In fine location; Buchan-
*nn Kn £ n> i 11 ";. 111 " 1111 win be B0ld at a bargain.
$0250— Good house on Oak St., fronting Park-
cost over $9500, but must be sold • •
$5C50 — Sacramento-st. ., home, 8 rooms, bath,
etc.; fine neighborhood; " can arrange
for large mortgage.' ,
$4000 — Cheapest business corner In section ;
Post st; close to car line; can be built
on so as to pay big Interest
$375— Best corner at Ocean View; Broad, and
San Jose aves.; right on electric road
* and near power-house.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
POINT RICHMOND . LOTS.
POINT RICHMOND LOTS.
/■:.■ :• SANTA FE TRACT.
. . .: K SANTA FE TRACT.
ALL LEVEL: LOTS. ALL LEVEL LOTS.
ALL XEVEL; LOTS. ALL. LEVEL LOTS.
, 1 STREETS GRADED. '
, ; STREETS GRADED.
CLOSE TO STANDARD OIL CO'.'S IM-
MENSE REFINERY: NEAREST- TO SAN-
TA FE ROUNDHOUSES AND SHOPS.
■PRICKS LOW-BOUND TO RISE QUICKLY.
$125 AND UP: $10 CASH. $5 MONTHLY.
$125 AND UP; $10 CASH. $5 MONTHLY.
McEWEN BROS., 118 MONTGOMERY ST..
. . ;. . SOLE AGENTS.
OCEAN VIEW is a beautiful; suburb of San
Francisco. It Is situated In a lovely valley
in sight of the Grand Old Ocean.
. The San Jose Railroad, the San Francisco
and San Mateo Electric Railway pass through
Ocean View , every , f,ew minutes, enabling
merchants, mechanics and worklngmen to
reach their place of business . at any hour
during the day or nlpht. > ■ •
Lovely lots and beautiful cottages- can be
bought. at Ocean View, cheaper than In any
other part of the city. Phone Capp 2425.
THISTLETON, 272 Sadowa st, Ocean View.
$5000— HANDSOME flats, well rented: Liberty
St.; choice location. Owner, box 3110, -Call.
$3700 — SACRIFICE ; nice . flats : well rented ; '
■ warm belt Mission. Owner, box 2165, Call. ]
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
633 Market Street.
FILLMORE-STREET CORNER.
$42,500 — Must be sold at once to close an es-
tate; on the best business corner on
Fillmore st; 87:6 feet frontage on
Fillmore; present improvements stores,
etc.; pay $3288 per annum.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
$25,000 — Two blocks from City Hall; make
offer; 8 houses and 4 flats renting for
$1872 per annum; on the north side of
street; key lot from Van Ness ave.
55x120 feet. ' This is an estate and the
. . owners are very desirous of • making
a quick sale.
HOWARD-STREET INVESTMENT.
$20,000— Northwest side of Howard St., be-
tween First and Second; fine large lot
60x85 feet; present old improvements
-renting for $60 per month; In the
heart of a rapidly Improving district
NEW MODERN FLATS. '
$10,000— Three elegant . up-to-date flats near
: • - .Golden Gate Park of 6. 7, 7 rooms and
bath; rents for $105 per month. -
— ALSO — —
$11,500 — Three new flats of 6, 6, 7 rooms and
bath, just completed In the most mod-
ern manner; rents $120 per month;
north side of Page st. near park; lot
25x137:6 feet
;"_'• DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT. *
$o,000 — Pine st, between Kearny and Dupont;
fine lot 20x67:6 feet, with an L to a
small street; no property In the city
has ' a better future; present old im-
provements rent for $23 per month.
" MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTY".
$5,350 — Store and 2 flata of 6, 4 room* and
bath; modern and up to date; excep-
tionally well built; only 4 years old;
on a fine Noe-st. business corner;
rents $530 per annum; lot 25x100 feet
i «• BUSH-STREET LOT.
$3,750— A fine large lot 87:6x137:8 feet on
Bush st., near Broderlck; side sewered
for 4 flatsi present Improvements a
cottage, of 3 rooms renting for $10 per
, month; street bltumlnlxed; cement
walk.
EASTON, ELDRIDOE * CO.,
638 Market Street
LYON & HOAG,
.»«/« 1U Montgomery Street
$6,000 — Two brand-new flats of 8 and 9 rooms
and bath each: all modern conveni-
ences; rents $60; lot 25x187:6; spe-
. ■■ r "S ■ dally well located, near Park Pan-
' handle.
$4,500 — Good investment, close to Golden Gate
ave. and Hyde st; 2 flats, 6 and 6
n rooms and bath; rent $36. -
$12,500 — Splendid corner Investment In the
popular Panhandle district; 4 fine
sunny flats; always rented; lot 62x104.
$ 1 0,000— Rent $6000 per annum; leased to one
tenant; new apartment house, contain-
ing over 100 rooms, bath, etc.; all fin-
ished In latest style; heated by steam;
lighted by electricity; every room light
and sunny; handsome front; splendid
Investment; not far from Sutter and
.. „ „ Hyde sts. ; very large lot.
$3,150— $500 cash, balance $30 monthly; a
brand-new 2-story house, containing 6
rooms and bath and finished basement:
all rooms handsomely decorated and
tinted; fine mantels; reversible window
sashes; lot 25x120; No. 1457 Ninth
,„ 2l1 ave - ! 2 blocks south of the Park.
$2,600— Rent $45; Natoma St., near Seventh;
4 flats, 6 and 6 rooms, etc.; lot 24:7x
75; great snap.
$8,000— Rent $70 60;- best flats on tho market:
Fillmore st; brand newt 6 and 7
rooms; basement and attic finished;
kitchen In center: every modern con-
venience and the latest and best style
of finish.
$10,000— Rent $94; Howard-st Investment, be-
tween 6th and 8th; lot 25x165; double
... __., frontage; Improvements store and flats.
$30,000 — Choice Investment near the corner of
Turk and Leavenworth; stors and
lodging-house above; all In excellent
condition; very substantial building;
*k /wa E? yB over ' P"" cent net on P rfce *»ked.
$5,000— Fremont st, near Folsom; 8-story
house of 12 rooms and basement' lot
24:6x100.
Send for new complete list of property for
sale by us. LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgom-
ery st.
McAFEE BROTHERS, 108 Montgomery st,
S&n Franc Is cow
NETS NEARLY 7 PER CENT.
Business prlperty on Sansome st; under
lease: corner lot: price $18,000.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
A fine key lot on Spruco St.. near Washing-
ton; commands marine view; size 27:8*4x137:6;
price $3600.
FOR A DOCTOR.
Modern house of 9 rooms on Pine st, near
fJ?Tc«: lot with stable and driveway; prica
v* 000.
McAllister street.
137- O 6 t ;°S ri M e 0A S r & D «vlsadero : 27:8x
NEW FLATS.
In Ashbury Heights, 7 and 0 rooms; all lat-
est modern Improvements; rents $60; lot 25x
137:6; price $6000.
MISSION FLATS.
Two flats of 5 and 6 rooms on Bartlett st.
near 21st;' rents $42 60: price $5100.
ON VALLEJO ST.
Vallejo st, between Webster and Buchanan;
splendid modern home, almost new, of 9 rooms
and bath and basement: commands a beautiful
marine view; price $13,600.
PANHANDLE DISTRICT.
Three new flats. Just completed, of 7 rooms
each; all tho very latest improvements: price
$10,500; all rented for $98.
SCOTT STREET.
Lot on Scott St., between McAllister and
Fulton; 25x106:3: prloe $2760,
RICHMOND LOTS.
Send for our plats of Richmond Iota; sold on
terms If desired: lot on California st, near 2d
ave.; 25x100; only $850.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery at. San Francisco.
FOR sale or for rent, new 2-story house on
Boulevard. Ocean Beach, 2 blocks south
from electric car.
$150 — Lincoln ave.; lots In Heyman Tract;
$5 down, $1 monthly.
$250 — House and 2 lots on Alvln Tract,
Elmhurst Station; 15 minutes' rid* from
Oakland; $10 down, $2 60 monthly.
$1800 — Modern 6- room house; opposite ter-
minus Valencia st; easy terms.
$123 — Lots; Excelsior Homestead; $1 down,
$1 monthly.
$150 — Lots; Sliver ave., near San Bruno
cars: $5 down. $1 monthly.
$250 — Near 18th and Falcon ave.: terminus
San Mateo cars; $5 down. $1 monthly.
$550 — Lot on ISth and Corbett ave.; $10
down, $5 monthly.
$250 — Lots on 29th st., near Diamond; $1
down, SI monthly.
5-r. & bath cottage on 23d st; easy terms.
6-r. & b. cottage on Alvarado: easy terms.
JACOB HEYMAN,
117 Sutter st
DON'T FORGET TO READ THIS.
There Is big money In it
An everlasting present for your children long
to be remembered.
The plain truth tells.
My neighbor is rich; their children are rid-
ing in carriages, but we are poor. Why?
Their father bought sand lots near the Park
for $100, worth now $4000.
History repeats Itself; I am offering sand
lots near Park. Sunset district, for, $100; $1
down, $1 monthly; call for diagram.
JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Sutter at.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$7500 — Scott St.. near Union; fine bay view;
modern. 8 rooms and attic; Scott st Improving
fast from Pacific. *
$6250 — Octavia st., near Broadway; modern
house. 8 rooms; fine bay view; good neighbor-
hood.
$11,000 — New flats; Broderlck st, near Grove;
6, 6, 7 rooms; rents $1175 per annum.
$15,000 — Southwest corner Leavenworth and
Green sts.; 137x137; good house; superb view;
easy approach from Hyde or Union st. cars.
-$G000 — Valencia-st. Investment; 2 houses, 7
rooms each; rents $'5 per month; cheap.
$5000 — Lot W. of Polk st, N. of Union; 60x
100; very fine bay view.
$3100 — Lot on south' side of Chestnut at,
west of Hyde; 27:6x110; fine view of bay.
$6500— Lot. NW. corner Hyde and Filbert
sts.; 60x137; fine site for building and every
room sunny; good view south;. also view of
Golden Gate from upper floor. . >
$3000 — Lot In Potrero: corner Vermont and
Kishteenth sts. ; 110x100; street graded and
-HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery it
SUNNYSIDE. * - .
$900 — 2ol Joost ave.; nice 4- room cottage: no
payment down; . monthly payment
$13 CO: same aa rent.
$1250 — 42. Circular ave.: store and 8-room flat;
store rents for $8 per month; small pay-
ment down, balance same as rent
$1250 — 6- room house, bath., etc.; large base-
: \ . xnent; rents for $12; $250 cash, balance
• $14 a month.
$1000 — 220 Chapultepec. near 29th ~ and Mis-
sion; this Is a bargain; no payment
down; $14 a month.
$950—1819 16th ave.: new house. 4 rooms;
small payment down, balance same as
rent. ' -
$2200— P50S Mission st.: store and living-
rooms; small payment down, balance
~ , same as rent.
A. : E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st
BEAUTIFUL NEW HOMES, .
, COMMANDING GRAND VIEWS.
$3350 — The best houses ever offered for the
: money; 6 and 7 rooms: latest sanitary
plumbing; big lots. 30x137:0; abundance
of light and sun; fashionable neighbor-
hood; Filbert St., between Broderlck and
■ . Baker; terms same as rent.
♦VON & HOAG,
' - -. 114 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE — As a whole or In subdivisions. 50-
vara lot. south line Union st. ; 137:6 feet east
of Pierce. Lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts., 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
324 Montgomery st
A BARGAIN — Cottage, 4 . rooms, $1060; terms
• same as paying rent. Apply at southeast
J corner Alabama and Montcalm sts.
8AXB.
SHAINWALD,. BUCKBEB A CO..
; , ■( -* .. REAL. ESTATE AGENTS.
-._..- ■ 213-220 Montgomery St.
$»,230 — Northwest " ' corner: Sacramento «t s
flats, 7 and 8 rooms and bath each;
latest In every way; lot 87:6x57 feet;
rents $75.
.S3.60O— Jackson, near Larkln: 23x187:6 feet.
$16,000— Business corner; Western Addition!
rents $127; four tenants: substantial
.„ „„ Improvements; lot 87:6x100 feet
$2,000 each— Capp st, near Sixteenth; 2 lot*.
., „,» 25x103 feet each.
$7,750— Residence; Washington st, near Wal-
nut; 10 rooms and bath; lot 34:4ftx
$14.000 — Callfornla-st residence: 2 stortea anl
basement; IS rooms and 2 baths: lot
34:9x137:6 feet; fine view of the city.
$12,800— Grove st. near Larkln: lot 80x120.
with fins building of store and 2 up-
per floors: rtnta $45; ona block from
Clto- Hall.
$1.000— Llfierty. near Sanchea; 60x114 feet; a
bargain.
$16,000— Misaion-«t Investment: rent $130: «ub-
stantlal bulldlnr. stores and rooms
above; lot 50x122:6 feet
$8,000 — Valencia st., corner Seventeenth: lot
23x100 feet: just tha plac* for store
and flats. -
$4,500— Valencia st. between Seventeenth and
Eighteenth; 23x100 feet, or 2 lots at
same rate.
$8.000— Two-story brick bulldlnff downtown,
close to Montgomery at; leased to ono
tenant; $50 per month net; will pay
over a per cent
$11,000 — Post st. sunny side, near Larkln: sub-
stantial 2-story house of 10 rooms and
. . bathr rent $60; lot 24:6x120 feet to
' rear street
$10,000 — Padflo ave.: modern residence, T bed-
rooms, 2 baths; hardwood finish oa
main floor.
$7,500 — Oak st, near Market; 2 flats and cot-
tage; rents $53: lot 27:6x120 feet
$13,000 — Turk st. near Jones; 2-story house, 8
rooms and bath; present rents nomi-
nal; lot 23x137:6 feet.
$1.230 — Rents $18 monthly: $400 mortgage at
6 per cent can remain; south of Mar-
ket st. Investment; close, to Third and
Bryant eta.
$23.000— Mission st. near Ninth; lot 40x160
feet: church building on Mission st
and 2 dwelling houses en Ninth.
$3,500— Howard st. between Twenty-second
and Twenty- third; substantial resi-
dence- of ■ rooms and bath; lot 25x
122:6 feet.
$5,250— Capp st, between Tw«nty-c«eond and
Twenty-third; 2 modern flats of 6. 7
rooms and bath; lot 26:8x122 10 fset
$T,500 — Jackson st, near Maple: modem resi-
dence of 8 rooms, and bath; lot 80x129
feet; must be sold.
$3,150— No. 3649 Twenty-first st, naar Church:
modern artlstlo cottag* of T rooms
. and bath; large lot. 60 f«et front by
114 feet: grand view of th* city; a .
positive bargain; must be sold,
. $7,000 — Lyon st., near Page; modern and
well-built residence, 9 rooms and bath; .
renting at present for $52; lot 25x100
feet
$5,000 — Nineteenth st. near Valencia: 3-story
frame dwelling of 8 rooms and bath:
lot 25xS5 feet; mortgage $1500 can re-
main.
$12.600— NW. corner of Oak st. with stow, flat
and house: pays $100 per month: lot
42:8x63:9 feet; near Market st: a
snap.
$10,500— Washington st, N line, near Btalner:
substantial two-story residence of 9
rooms and bath; lot 44x102:834 t—i.
$11,250— Me Alllster st; new building et thre*
flats; 7 rooms and bath each] rents
$104: will pay 9 per cent net after
paying all Charges and expanses.
$6,000— Devlsadero-st flats, near Ellis: pres-
ent rents $40: could b* largely In-
creased If a little money was spent on
th* building! lot 23x90 ft: lot alono
worth pries asked for the property.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEB A CO.. :
218-220 Montgomery st. Mills bldg.
O. IX BALDWIN A BON.
22 Montgomery st
$62,500— Mason st, near Eddy; one block from
Market st; lot 55x82:9. with old Im-
provements. ■
$40,000 — Corner on Eddy st., Inside of Larkln j
Improvements consist of stores and
lodging-house; leased for several years
at $243 per month; lot. 37:6x87:6; no
expense except taxes and Insurance.
$42,600 — Rents $250; corner on Post »t. near
Taylor; 8-story and basement build-
ing; stores and Cats; lot 57x62:6.
$133,000 — Market st, near Eighth; 00x163, to
Stevenson: rents $500.
$25,000 — Rents $200; large corner on Howard
st; 120x95; fine Improvements.
$10,000— Hyde st, near Geary; 25x37:6; 2 nice
flats; rents $63.
$7,500 — Larkln st, near Washington; 8 flats.
6, 6 and 7 rooms and bath; rents
$61 50; mortgage of $3500 can remain.
$2,600 — Bluxome, near Fourth; 25x120; cheap.
$13,000— Howard st, near Fourth; rents $100
per month; fine three-story building.
$2.000 — Cheap lot on California st, near
Lyon; 24x100.
$19,000 — Rents $21000 per annum; Bddy, near
. Franklin; large lot; finest flats In the
city.
$13,000— McAllister st, north side; best busi-
ness block; 30x137:6; three-story
building; rents $90.
$3,300 — Green St., near Leavenworth.: finest
marine view in town; two lots and
house.,
$500 — Cheap as dirt; corner lot In Richmond;
60x120; with marine new.
$6.00O— Minna St., near Third; house of 21
rooms; rents $60 per month.
<3 000 — Shipley st, near Fourth; 3 fiats; rents
$34.
$13,000— Howard st, near Fourth; 4-story and
basement building, containing stores
and lodging-house; rents $123; bank
mortgage of $9000 can remain; pays
14 per cent net on equity.
$10 000 — Rents $87 60; 8 n-rw flats near the
Park; all the latest Improvements.
$9,000— Rents $30; corner on Bryant st, with
75 feet frontage.
$9 000 Splendid n.w. comer lot on Golden
Gate ave.: 34:4%xl37:8. to rear
street; 8 frontages; house to b* re-
moved.
$8,000— Very choice lot on Padflo ave., near
Laguna; 80x127:8; the cream, of the
city.
$5,000 — Bush st, near Fillmore: sunny side;
27:6x77:6; 2 nice fiats. 0 and 6 rooms
and bath.
$3,250— The finest marine view lot In town;
north side Vallejo, west or FUlmore;
84:4x137:6.
$2.500— Lots on Guerrero st, near Twenty-
third: 23x100 each; on grade; ready. -
to build upon.
$6,000— RentsS40; n. w. corner ©n Qreen, st,
near Kearny. with store and fiats.
2 CHOICE level lots, suitable for residence or
flats; close to Park Panhandle; to be offered
at a bar E aln or wUl goggg*^ 4
14 Montgomery st
J2600-S18 SEVENTH st. neat cottage, I rooms;
lotlsxSO. Apply DAVID STERN, 11 Mont-
gomery st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
MODERN cottage of 1 rooms, near Park st.
station; large lot; $1830; easy terms.
Cottage of 6 rooms, high bwemeat gas.
bath etc.; near Park st station; easy terms;
$2000.
Modern cottage of 10 rooms, an on one floor;
large lot: every convenience; near Grand st.
station; easy terms; $5500.
Fine home on Central ave.; 11 jooas; lot
64x157; choice location; $7500.
Two cottages of 6 and 4 rooms each, en Pa-
cine ave.; In nice order and near station; lot
50x150; rent $20.
Lots on all the principal streets from $359
to $3000; great bargains.
Z>ot on Park st, near station; 60x130; $9000,
E. D. JUOD & CO.,
'v; . 1424 Park st. Alameda.
NEW cottage of 6 rooms; $400 cash and $34
per month: near station. J. H. YOUNG,
builder. 1243 Park st 1____^__
BARGAINS: improved A unlmprored property
acquired by foreclosure: Vt cash. Bank of Ala.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
TO let Alameda: elegantly furnished sunny
house. 9 rooms, bath, gas and all modern con-
veniences; nice- lawn and shrubbery: neai
Morton st Station; rent low. J. S. HANLET,
1351 Park it. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$12,600—0 ACRES of land in best part oi
Berkeley: 9 large rooms: fine barn for horset
and carriages; beautiful grounds ; fine trull
orchard In full bearing; property Cost present
owner $21,000; must be seen to be apprc
elated; only 30 days to sell In; can subdi«
vide the property and sell off $18,000 wortt
of lots and still have home left W. C
MORAN & CO.
$1300 — f3OO CASH, balance $20 per month; I
large rooms; good as new; some fruit treesi
lot COxllS; 3 blocks to cars; house cost ti
build $1400. W. C. MORAN & CO. ■
$3000- : -0 LARGE rooms; good as new; only J
block of U. C. grounds: $2300 cash, balanci
on mortgage; grandest view in Berkeley. ' W-
• C. MORAN & CO. '
$1200— $200 CASH, balance $13 per month: I
rooms; barn and chicken-house; fruit treej
and berry vines; lot 100x120: 1 block to car*
■well and pump. W.C. MORAX & CO.
SEE the "Wheeler Tract: finest view in Berke>
ley; send for maps; will build you a housi
and sell It to you same aa < rent. W. G
MORAN & CO., Lorin station and Schmldl
block. Berkeley. - ■-„,-■•■■]
For Additional Classified Advertiser
ment3 See Page Forty-Two.
4142
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DERKKLEY KKAIi ESTATE.
1650— LOT 40x133; 1 block from North Berke-
ley station; street work done; a 6nap. MAT
& MORTIMER.
$3450 — NEW house. C rooms; street work done;
modem ia every respect. MAY &. MORTI-
MER.
11450— LOT 60x125; situate In Scenic Park,
near college : a rood investment. MAT &
MORTIMER. Berkeley.
100x123 — IN Scenic Park; etreet work all done:
situate within 3 blocks of cars and college;
a good Investment; J2C50. MAT & MORTI-
MER, Berkeley.
•
WOOD— SPLENDIDLT built house of 8 rooms
and all conveniences: large lot; utreet work
all done; near college. MAT & MORTIMER.
Berkeley.
$1100— LARGE lot. 60x158. In the HUlerass
Tract- etreet work done; a snap. MAY &
MORTIMER. Berkeley.
$1050— HERE !i a snap; 6 lots, each 40x135.
fronting on 2 streets; both streets sewered;
about 10 minutes' walk to depot; price only
$1050; ttnu If desired. MAT & MORTI-
MER. Berkeley Etatlon.
$550— LOT 60x123; «outh front; no better view
in Berkeley.
$1200 — Lot 60x125; marine view; always
cure; finest boarding-house In Berkeley; full
of boarders; to lease.
No. 257— -$2500; 7-room new houae; small
cash payment down, balance like rent.
No. 260—52500: Improved property In
South Berkeley to exchange for property
near U C. ; will pay a cash difference. S.
8. QUACKENBCSH. opp. First National
Bank. Berkeley.
$3750— DC tbe HlUegus Tract; fine 2-story
nous* of 7 rooms and bath; thoroughly mod-
ern; connected with gas and electric lights;
lot 00x158; etreet work ail done; only 5 min-
utes to the university.
JOSEPH J. MABON.
Berkeley Station.
ONLY one left; new house of 9 rooms and
bath: combination fixtures; Sunshine water
heater; fine corner lot: street work all done;
near tie station and electric cars; price
$3300. •
JOSEPH J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
23 HOMES, ranging In prices from* $2000 to
I300O on terms ot from ISO to SIOO down, all
In the coura* of construction; all modern and
have from < rooms and bath up to 9 rooms and
bath; situated on the local Berkeley road,
riving the same service and time as the Oak-
land local from. Seventh and Broadway to
£aa Francisco. Further information apply
A. J. SNYDER.
4S7 Ninth st.. Oakland. CaL
Or Branch Office
A. J. SNYDER.
Adeline Station. Berkeley.
FRDITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
$130 — Lot 50x108; fine location.
$275— Choice building lot. £0x132; $25 cash,
$10 monthly.
$675 — House of 4 rooms, stable and chicken
houses; city water; choice fruit trees In bear-
Ing; lot 60x140; all fenced; easy terms If de-
sired.
$700 — Cottage oi 3 rooms and attic; stable;
rood well and pump: lot 125x115. - —
f 300 — $50 cash and $12 CO per month ; cot-
tage of 3 large rooms; 7-foot basement; good
brick foundation; chicken house; lot 75x100;
all fenced: line location and a bargain.
$1400 — Two-story house of 7 rooms and bath;
good brick foundation; stable; 3 chicken
houses; 12 fruit trees; good well and pump;
comer lot. 80x135; all fenced: this property
must be eold aa owner is called away.
$1450— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
high basement; barn; chicken house; fine well,
windmill and tank; lot 50x125; near local train.
$1700 — Chicken ranch of 2^j acres; house of
4 rooms; stable and chicken house: fine loca-
tion: only one block from electric cars.
$2200 — New modern cottage of 5 rooms; large
hall; porcelain bath; marble washstand; sta-
tionary tubs; rooms beautifully tinted and
frescoed: 7-foot basement; good brick founda- j
tion; chicken house; lot 50x218; all fenced
end cross-fenced; in walking distance of local
train. For particulars apply to H. A. PLEIT-
NER. Fruitvale Station, Cal.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
I1C0O — Modern cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
4 blocks from etatlon; lot 37:6x146 ft.;
$21 per month will buy this home; no
payment down.
$1300— New house of 4 rooms and bath: 4
short blocks from Fruitvale station;
corner lot; $100 cash, balance same as
rent.
$1500 — New house of 5 large rooms; lot 50x
170 feet; Forest Park; $21 per month
■will buy this home: no payment down.
tlSOO — House of 6 rooms and Jmth: lot 37:6x
146 feet; 4 blocks from station; $21
per month will buy this home.
$1600 — New bakery and 5 rooms; right at sta-
tion: brick bake oven, cost $400; a
good business opportunity; terms to
eult.
$1200— House. 6 rooms; corner lot. 45x145;
$18 80 per month will buy this home.
$1600— New and modern house, C rooms and
bath: 1 block from Fruitvale-ave. car;
this Is mortgage price; terms to suit.
W. E. RUDELL.
Fruitvale ave., south of Railroad Track.
Of flea open from 8 to 10 a. m. ; all day Sunday.
1.ARGE lot at a little price: tired owner;
must sell. Box 2136. Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$4300 — A. BEA.NO NEW HOUSE.
Location, HUth and Webster sis.; lot 43 feet
frontage; house of 7 rooms and bath; open
nickel plumbing; the latest in every detail
and finish; this property originally belonged
to an estate and it now must be sold; only
n. few blocks to 14th and Broadway. local
trains and business center and Postofnce; this
j.roperty can be rented for $43 per month;
house a good Investment If purchaser did not
desire to occupy it.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
*.6iO0 — RESIDENCE IX LINDA VISTA.
The very nob hill of Oakland: lot 75 feet
frcntage; large house of 9 rooms, barn; all
:n first-class condition; almoct new; this prop-
erty should sell for S10,tt)'J; an Ideal home and
a nrst-class location.
J. S. MTERS & CO .
! 1002 Broadway. Oakland; Ci!.
$MO0 — SHOULD SELL FOU $3500.
Almost new 6-room house; note, lot 60x140;
meny exposure; street work all complete; In
first-class condition; near cars, schools and
business center; owner a non-resident and cir
Instructions are to sell without reserve to trie
highest and best bidder; terms only J.Vio cs.h,
balance can remain en mortgage; purchaser
can pay cash if he so desires.
J. X. MYEP.S & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland, CaL
$3*50 — FINE corner residence on mam thor-
oughfare; close In; 7 rooms; elegantly fin-
ished In bard wood: Etairway of white c-.»dar;
up to date plumbing; eementea tiat?ment,
lawn front nnd rear; must be sold; owner
going away; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
$1750— ORIGINAL COST ?35O0. '
Store. 3 living rooms and a larpre corner lot;
en elegant place for a grocery. bakery or
laundry; death cf the owner cause for selling-;
the late owner of the property conducted a
\ery successful grocery business and left con-
siderable money as a result of his success in
business, the estate must be closed at once,
hence the sacrifice; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
Baccesaon to Oeo. W. Austin & Co.,
1008 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$1700 — Fine cottage of 6 rooms and bath: '
larire lot 40x222 feet; close to Berkeley local
train; half a block from electric cars; 5100
csFh. balance *15 per month. Including Inter-
est; this is a snap; property well worth $1250.
$2500 — Brings an Income of $360 per annum
find can be Increased; store with 3 living rooms:
upper' f.at or 5 rooms and bath: rear 6-roomed
<x>tta*e; always rented; large lot; KOod loca-
tion for any business: all In good order: elec-
tric cars pass the door; only 1 block from local
train; in the very best renting and Investment
part of Oakland; street work all done: close to
schools and churches: this is a snap and must
be seen to be appreciated : mortgage of $1500
oan remain or be paid off or Increased; call or
write at once.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
Successors to Geo. W. Austin & Co..
1003 Broadway. Oakland.
$250 CASH. $S monthly — New unfinished cot-
tage of 3 rooms: 5 fine lots, alt fenced and
cross-fenced: chicken-house and cuthouaea;
Al well of fine water; large grove of trees;
away from fogs and raw winds; 2 blocks from
electric cars and 90-foot boulevard; fine
school, church and town hall; over 100 fam-
ilies on place; very nice neighbors: a cozy
home and a bargain; price in all $690: call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh St., opposite
Broadway station. Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES, Owner.
100 ACRES near Nile*. $5000: good house; bear-
ing orchard; unincumbered; will rent, sell
or exchange for city improved.
€16 acres, 7 miles from Oakland: $28 an acre.
TVYMAN LAND CO.. 1137 E Fourteenth St.,
near Twenty-third ave.. Oakland; phone 123.
200 ACRES: three miles from Oakland: $75 an
acre; two-thirds of purchase price can be
borrom-ed on the land at 6 per cent Interest.
GILBERT WYMAN. Attorney at Law, office
and residence Twenty-seventh ave. and East
Sixteenth st-.Fruitvale,Cal. ; phone Brook 123.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL. ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Eighth st.. Oakland.
AN ELEGANT HOME.
Must be sold. (Read this) :
Near Senator Perkins' mansion. Vernon
Heights. We offer lovely modern Gothic style,
built for a home: l> rooms; porcelain bath; elec-
tric appliances; fine mantels (one cost $250);
Interior superb order; barn; choice garden;
large double frontage lot; present price includes
$800 worth of fine new 5 months old carpets
(would sell at a bargain elegant Flemish carved
oak dining-room set, value $1000); property
mortgaged; $5000 can remain; cost over $10,000;
reduced to $7250; we possibly can get further
reduction to close sale this week.
Forcing sale^ — First come, first served. Our
Instructions are to sell.
LAYMANCK REAL ESTATE CO.
A SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY.
Special Snap on Small Payment.
A contractor has two ideal new S-room homes
with flat loans of $3000 and $5500 on each;
B00 feet of several $25,000 homes; no choicer
home neighborhood; stop paying rent If you
have not much money, see us; we will arrange
balance; don't delay; call at once while seller
Is anxious to sell. ! ■
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
A SUBURBAN HOME BARGAIN.
$12,500 — Between Oakland and Berkeley; ele-
gant Gothic style 10-room residence; 5 . acres
superb grounds: premises cost $25,000: a sacri-
fice. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$22.000— PALATIAL MANSION.
"Beautiful for situation," possessing advan-
tages of near remoteness and accessible seclu-
sion; only one year constructed: a rare home
offering. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$3000 — Right downtown: bargain; 7-room cot-
tage: corner, 50 feet; rents $18; cost $4500: lot
■worth more than price; to divide interest a sac-
rifice for cuick sale.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$1450 — Neat, cozy bay-window, 5 rooms and
bath cottage: fronts right on Telegraph ave.;
lot 23x120; mortgage $S00: quick sale wanted.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$3600 — Sacrifice: new. up-to-date 9-room
home; plate glass; open nickel plumbing: porce-
lain bath; 2 toilets; laundry: basement floor and
celling cemented; lot 60x151; good barn: choi-
cest location; 10th ave.. East Oakland Height's.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$1500— Sacrificed; mortgage $1250 and $100 in-
terest due; must sell; neat, sunny bay-window
oottage, 6 rooms, mantel, bath, lanundry, base-
ment: lot 60x125; marine view: street work
complete; one block to cars; East Oakland
Heights; easy terms.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$2S50 — Adeline, near 14th st. : bargain: 2-
etory S-room home. 85x125; cost owner $4000; a
good comfortable home.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$4500 — 2 blocks Broadway; Improved busi-
ness corner. 60 ft. : rents $36 50 month.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$1S5O— Worth $2500; North Oakland: 2-etorv I
store building and flat; stores all around It : j
splendid business opportunity; new ferry will j
treble Its value; big barpain to-day. i
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO. j
$1C5O — San Pablo ave. store and 4 rooms; in- ■
side of 30th et.; cost owner $2500.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
$1850 — Only $450 cash, balance fiat mortpaue
of $1400; near Clinton station; neat 6-room cot-
tage; bath; In first-class order.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4/60-4C2 Eighth St.. Oakland. j
GRAY'S BARGAINS.
Two eletrant new houses containing 9 rooms,
laundry, bath, furnace, etc.; very finely fin-
ished inside: latest plumbing-; large lot: situate
on Adams Point, 1 block from electric car line;
will be sold to right parties on terms to suit.
Elegant new house of 9 rooms, laundry, bath,
furnace: Just completed and Is now ready for
inspection: call and Investigate; situate on Nob
Hi!! of East Oakland, adjoining the beautiful
grounds of F. M. Smith.
Fine lot situate on Lake st.. In the vicinity
of property helonslnsf to Capt. Meln, Mr. Von-
derropp and Mr. Belden: will be sold at a sacri-
fice.
GEO. B. M. GRAY.
454 Ninth st.
S. M. DODGE & SOX.
1160 Broadway, Oakland.
Choice Building Lots. Prices Reduced.
32 fine lots, 50x115; on car line: close In:
new buildings all around; In direct line «.f
present rapid prowth of Oakland. S. M.
DODGE & SON, 1160 Broadway.
S. M. DODGE & SON,
11G0 Broadway, Oakland.
$3250 — Something extra nice In the way of a I
modern up-to-date, brand new home In Oak- !
land out toward Berkeley: lot 50x12^; T rooms |
and bath. -Call and let us show you this.
HOUSES of every description and price for sale
or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD. 1113
Broadway: telephone Main 10.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
EUNNY lower flat. S large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate: larga
; corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated: choice locality: will reut
low to satisfactory permanent tenant: Eiehth
its. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eiphth sts.. come within 1 block. Call or
address 1fi.*!> Ninth »ve.. Fa«t Oakland.
OAKLA.Vn 'ROOMS J»XD BOARD.
THE Fifth Avenue House — Furnished sunny
rooms, with or without board; at reasonable
rates; 2 car lines; short walk to local. Fifth
nve. nnd Eighteenth st.
OAKLAXO FURNITURE FOR SALE.
aX introduction to you from H. Schellbaas tbe
furniture 4»aler. IHh and Franklin. Oakland.
BTtADY. SO. off Market — 2 sunny rooms; light
housekeeping; private family; $12.
FIFTH. 353 — 3 connecting furnished buuse-
keeplng, ?12; also single, $4 to ?7.
FOLSOM, C20 — Large rooms on first floor for
families with children; large grounds.
GEARY, 1225 — Bay-window parlor; mantel,
large closet; hall bedroom: housekeeping.
HOWARD, 728, near Third — Front sunny room
and one housekeeping; reasonable."
HOWARD, 10C3 — 2 sunny completely furnished
connecting rooms; range, running water, etc.
HYDE, 4OS — Sunny basement suite; rear; yard;
laundry; gas stove; $14.
MCALLISTER, CS4— Large furnished room sult-
able for housekeeping. . j
MISSION, 1729%, near Thirteenth — 2 sunny j
furnished housekeeping rooms; bath; laun-
dry; $8. ; j
\ NINETEENTH. 3439. cor. San Carlos ave.— 2 j
nicely furnished sunny rooms for housekeep'g.
OAK. 125 — 2 nicely furnished basement rooms,
$10. ._.
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Geary — Sunny bay-
window; gas stove; large closet.
SEVENTH, 262— Sunny housekeeping room or
suitable for 2 gentlemen.
SHIPLEY. 259-2C1 — 4 nice rooms. $8; house
new; good class people wanted only.
SUTTER, 995 — Newly furnished suite and
kitchen; gas range; complete for housekpg.
TEHAMA. 3. near First — * pleasant rooms for
housekeeping; newly renovated: business cen-
ter; chear.
TEHAMA. 4TS. near Sixth — 3 sunny housekeep-
ing rooms, kitchen, complete: no children ;$12.
3 FURNISHED or unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, washroom, bath; rent $14. Apply
1783 Halclit St.. Golden Gate Park. .-
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOUii
Valencia st. s. ■■'.-■■■ ". >•
ROOMS TO LET— Farn. and Unfarn.
XrGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— NewT elegant,
sunny; grill attached: 75c day upward; rates
by week or month: McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c* to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 13C4)— Fur-
nished rrns.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EIGHTH. 12CA— Nicely furnished front room;
also single room.
j ELEVENTH. 231— One furnished room.
ELLIS, 3"J1 (Mczart)— Nicely furnished rooms.
:>5c. gl fiO night; $1 &U. 50 wk.; open all night.
I FOLSOM. 1320. near Ninth— Nice suite suitable
for three gentlemen, or single room: private.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elecant suites: single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk <i Taylor.
GEARY. 4C5 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1527 — Unfurnished front connecting
I rooms; water, gas, bath, phone; references.
HARRISON. 784 %. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nlshed rooms, bath, all conveniences; home-
like; $1 week up.
HYDE. 1119% — Sunny rooms; everything new;
for gentlemen. _ -
JESSIE. 363. near Fifth and Market — Fur-
nished room, $5; large front room, $8.
MINNA, 319— Large front room In private
family.
MINNA. CUT. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room: $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OCTAVIA, 1211— Nicely furnished large gunny
front bay window room.
POWELL, 207— Nicely furnished sunny suites;
single rooms; running . water; phone Black
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1901.
ROOMS TO I.RT— Fnm. ami Pnfnrn.
O'FARRELL.' 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; el ec lights; day, week, mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. X52 — A sunny suite and singles;
neat and clean: bath: phone; prices low.
SUTTKR. 320% (The Stanford) — Suites from $3
to $7; singles.. $2 to $5 per week; transient.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia st. ■ : "-?*.'■•
11OOMS AND HOARD.
HOTEL Denniston, cor. Valencia and 21st sts —
In the "Warm Belt"; free from prevailing,
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class.
THE Irvingdale. 620 Eddy— Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board. $00; single rooms
with board, $22 50 up; excellent table.
THE Pierpont, 418 Ellis — Everything new; most"
elegantly furnished apartments; flrst-clasa
dining-room.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HARRISON. 1122B— Modern flat: one large
room, one single; with or without board.
THE Victor. 1006 Pine st. — Sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; also board without rooms.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished apart-
ments; conv.: 2 to 5 gents; best table board.
NIARA. 615 Tavlor — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms: excellent board; terms reasonable.
HOTEL Repel ler. 7SI Sutter— Newly furnfshed;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
j 2 LARGE double rooms with board. 2215
| Bush street.
ROOMS WANTED.
' : GENTLEMAN wants room, bay window prefer-
red: closet: bath: marine view of Golden
Gate and bay; references exchanged; state
terms. Box 3100, Call office.
WANTED — By a young lady sunny room in
first-class private boarding-house near town.
H. A. C, box 2177, Call office.
3 FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping, or will
board with family; references exchanged.
Box 2176, Call office.
MAN wishes unfurnished room, $3 to $4 month.
In small family and small flat. Box 3137,
Call office.
BY adults, furnished rooms, parlor floor, for
llcht housekeeping. Box 2200. Call office.
IKIOMX •****, »° AnP WAXTE Pv
GENTLEMAN wants homelike place in private
family north of Market st. with or without
board; easy walk to Call building; state
prices. Box .1135. Call office. ■
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK OF SAN FRAN-
i CISCO— For the half year ending December
I 31, 1901, a dividend has been declared at the
rate of three (V,) per cent per annum on all
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Thursday. January 2, 1902. GEORGE A.
STORY. Cashier.
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND TRUST
COMPANY, corner California and Montgom-
ery gts. — For the six months ending Decem-
ber 31. 1001. dividends have been declared
on deposits in the savings department of this
company as- follows: On term deoosits at
the rate of 3 C-1O per cent per annum, and
on ordinary deposits at the rate of '■'• per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Thursday. January 2, 1902. Dividends
uncalled for are added to the prinrlnal and
bear the tame rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after January 1, 1002. J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manaeer.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, R32 Cal-
ifornla tt., corner Webb. — For the half-year
tndins- with the 31st of December. 1001. a
dividend has been declared at the rate per
annum of three and forty-two one hup.dredths
(3 42-100) per cent on term deposits and three
(3) per cent on ordinary deposits^ free ot
taxes, payable on and a'ter Thursday, Janu-
ary 2. 1902. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
THE German Savings and Loan Society. 620
California Ft. — For the half-year ending with
December 31. 1001. a dividend has been de-
clared a» tbe rate of three (3) per cent per
nnnum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on nnd after Thursday, January 2
lofio. nvnvqv. TOTTRNT. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
••BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau." consulta-
tion free; in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to r;o Win court
Room 611. Examiner hide.: phon« Black S6O4.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Tho following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
George W. K. Daubs, 40, city, and Mary Mc-
Mahon, 35, city.
Verne H. Bradley, 20. 240 O'Farrell street,
and Bernarda Leyva, 20, 246 O'Farrell street.
Peter C. Storm Jr., 26. city, and Georgian*
Doyle, 23, city.
Frederick H. Smith. 29, 422 Lyon street, and
Kate Cacace, 22, 218 Leavenworth street.
David W. Phillips, 43, city, and Lizzie J.
McRae, 33, city:
Archibald L. Read, 27, 1002 Dolores street,
and Carolyn V?. Lewis. 23. 207 Larkin street.
Nathaniel G. Symonds. 2.1, Lo S Gatos, and
Amy I. MUlberry. 22, 2C14 Larkin street.
George S. F. Ekrem. 42. city, and Ada S.
\Voodard, 20. Olympia. Wash.
Thomas Dolan, 40. 247 Second street, and
Ada Allen. 18. 344 Third street.
John W. Maher, 24. 228 Twelfth street, and
Louise Hoizmueller. 24, 22S Twelfth street.
William Palmer. 27. 521 Post street, and
Edith G. Sullivan. 21. 2.'t7 Eighth street.
BIRTHS— MARRI&GES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriaee and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
jn at either of the publication offices a.ii 1-e
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have t!ie same published.
BOEN.
JJEST— In th'.s city, December 13, 1901, to th«
wife of Arthur W. Best, a sen.
BRINKMAN— In this city, December 12, 1901,
to the wife of August F. Brinkman, a son.
CHRISTENSON — In this city. December 20.
] 001, to the wife of E. Christen3on, a. daugh-
ter.
DESMOND— In this city. December 16, 1901,
to the wife of T. Desmond, a son.
DONOVAN— In this city. December 12, 1901,
to the wife of Jerry Donovan, a son.
DRENNEN — In this city, December 13. 1001,
to the wife of J". G. Drennen, a. daughter.
FITZELL — In Alameda. December 21, 11)01, to
the wife of Lincoln Fitzell, a son.
KAMMERER— In this city, December 20, 1901,
to the wife of Gcoree E. Kammerer, a eon.
KEVILLE — In this city, November 15, 1901.
to the wife of John Kevllle. a son.
LOONEY — In this city. December 21, 1901, to
I he wife of James J. Looncy, a son.
McFADDEN— In this city, December 10, 1001,'
to the wife of James G. McFadden. a gpn.
PHILBON— In Oat Hill. December 7. 1001, to
the wife of William Philbon. a daughter.
RAPP — In this city, December 15, 1901, to the
wife or Charles I-\ Rapp. a son.
ZEH — In Fruitvale, December 15, 1001, to the
wife ol G. Zeh, a son.
MABRIED.
HOLMES — BENTON — December 18, 1901 by
the Rev. H. H. Bell, H. R. Holmes and Mat-
tie Benton.
McKEANY— HODGES— in this city. Decem-
ber 21; 11)01. by the Kev. Dr. John A. B
Wilson, Edward M. McKcany and Effie M.
Hodges, both of Portervllle. Tulare County.
DIED.
Allen, John ' 'i*',' " Morris, James
Armstrong. William Nichols. Marshall
Hetz, George V. Nobmann. Joan C.
Bredhoff. Henry O'Brien. Mary A.
Crittenden. Chas. S. Ormsby, Anna M. S.
Days. Hon. Joh.i M. Pomercy, Flavel C.
Dowling, Margaret Potter, Rosie L
Erlckson, Albln V.1I. Repenn. Fredrick C.
, l'lemmins. Mrs. E. Rice, Matthew D. \
Foster, Julia Roche, Mary
«;aiiand. William C. Stelllng, George
Harrison. Mis. Truby, Sadie '
.lancovich. JLuca C. Valentine. John J.
Kane, Isabella M. "Warren, Minnie M.
Levy. Morris . Whelton. Cornelius .
Lyons, John , Wright. Lena C.
ALLEN— In this city. December 19. 1001, John,
beloved husband of Catherine Allen, father
of Annie E. Allen, Mrs. S. D. Haunsell, Mrs
I T. M. Ham. the late Rev. J. W. and Nlcho-
! las J. Allen, and brother of Mr«. O. S. Car-
VI 11 and the late Mrs. James Badger, a na-
tive of Athenry, County Galway, Ireland." *
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
j (Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
t dence, i:il9>>& Broadway, thence to St.
i li.'igid's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at »:30 o'clock. Interment Hoiy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
ARMSTRONG— In Berkeley, December 20,
11)01, William, dearly beloved husband of
Mary Armstrong, and father of Maria and
Carniel Armstrong, a native of PHes, Ger-
many.
(CJTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2215 Grant street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose ot his aaul.
commencing at 0 o'clock, thence to connect
with the 12 o'clock creek boat for, San Fran-
cisco. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
electric cars.
BETZ — In Berkeley, December 21. 1001, George
P., beloved husband of Emma C. Betz. son of
Henry and the late Maria Betz. and brother
of Thomas H. Betz and Mrs. Andrew Frick,
a native of Oakland, aged 32 years 7 month*
and C days. A member of Tecumseh Tribe
No. 02, • I. O. R. M. (Sacramento and Red
. Bluff papers please copy.)
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of Mrs. Andrew Frick. corner of
dimming way and Shattuck avenue, Berke-
ley. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
BRKDHOFF — In thU city. December 20. 1901.
Henry Bredhoff, beloved husband of Helene
BredUoff, and father of John, Henry Jr ,
Charles and William Bredhoff and Mrs.
George - Bruns, a native of Selslnger, Ger-
many, aged 70 years -1 month and 21 days.
E7*Servlces will be held to-day (Sunday),
at 2:30 o'clock, *at his late residence. 821
Page street, between Pierce and Scott. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. /Please omit"
flowers. ,
CRITTENDEN — In this city, December 20,
15101. Charles S. Crittenden, husband of Bes-
sie M. Crittenden, and father of Mrs. Lillian
C. Bishop, Mary A. Crittenden. Mrs. Kate
Woolsey, W. C. Crittenden and Mrs. Grace
Crossley, a native of New York, aged 74
years .1 months nnd 10 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Pest and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Oriental Lodge No.
144, F. and A. M. Interment private. Please
omit flowers. .
DAYS — In Summerland, December 16, 1901,
Hon. John M. Days, beloved husband of
Martha K. Days, a native of Hull, England,
aged 70 years 10 months and 16 days. (San
Jose and Grass Valley papers please copy.)
DOWLING — In this city, December 20. 1901,
Martraret. beloved wife of the late Thomas
Dowling, and mother of Mrs. M. J. Mc-
LaugMln and the late Mary Dowling. a na-
tive of County Westmeath, Ireland, aged 60
yc-ars.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day-
(Sunday), at J2:30 o'clock, f rom / the resi-
dence of her d.iuchter. 48 Chesley street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services at
1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ErtTCKSON— Near Kalispell. Mont., December
Jr., ltKH.-Albln Victor Hueo Erlckson. brother
of Gerda. Albert and Carl Erickson and Mrs.
Jennie Rasniuspen, a native of Oeland.
Sweden, aged 18 years 10 months and 25
days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvitod to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the fu-
neral parlors of Albert Brown. 468 Thirteenth
street. Oakland. Ir.terment Mountain View
CcmeWy.
FLEMMINO— In this city, December 20. 1001,
Mrs. Eliza Fleinmlntr. a native of County
Tyrone, Ireland, aged 8.1 years.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
Ptreet. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FOSTER— In this city. December 20. 1901.
Julia Foster, a native of Ireland, atred 71
years.
GARLAND— In San Ardo. Cal.. December IS),
1901. William C. beloved eon of Mrs. Laura
Garland, stepson of Walter E. Garland, and
' brother of Eugene Garland, a native of
Panta Rosa, aged 21 years 7 months and 11
days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the First Chrii-
tlan Church, Twelfth street, near Howard.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 8:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
HARRISON— Tn this city. December 21. 1001,
Mrs. Harrison, beloved wife of George W.
Harrison, mother of E. G. Harrison, aunt of
Mrs. E. Stirling, and cousin of C. Miller and
M. Karcher. a native of Germany, a*ed 08
years and 23 days.
JANCOVICH— In this city. December 17. 1901.
Luca C. Jancovlch. husband ot Ellen Janco-
vlch. father of Marco and Costo Jancovich.
rind brother of George Jancovich and Angle
Bacucevicli. a native of Bunoviche, Austria,
ns^d 77 years.
U-^* 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-flay
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1625 Leavenworth itreet, thence to
Russian Church, Filbert street and Mont-
gomery avenue.
KANE— In this city, December 20, 1001, at
her residence, 769 Eddy street, Isabella M.,
beloved widow of the late Dr. F. n. Kane,
and mother of Dr. Robert F.. Francis B..
Emllie M., J. Henry and Eulalia I. Kane, a
native of Ireland.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), from St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, via 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets depot.
LEVY— In this city. December 21. 1001. Mor-
ris, beloved husband of the late Kannie
- Levy, dearly beloi-ed father of Mrs. Uriel J.
Tuska and Onhelia C. and Eugene W. Levy,
and brother of Edward R. Levy of Folsom,
Cal., a native of Prussia, aged 78 years ll
months and 0 days.
ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, S40 Broderlck street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, bv- 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
LYONS— In this city. December 20. 1901. John
Lyons (teamster), a native of Massachusetts,
a red 68 years.
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 20C6 Mission
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third, thence to St. Joseph's Church for ser-
vices, commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. t
MORRIS — In Uklah, December. 20, 1901, James
Morris, beloved father of W. A.. J. C. and
W. C. Morris, a native of Illinois, aged 03
years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), from the Masonic Hall. San Ra-
fael, where services will be held, cominenc-
Ins at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Tamal-
I>als Cemetery.
NICHOLS— In this city. December 20, 1001,
Marshall Nichols, a native of New York,
arred CS years.
NOBMANN— In this city. December 10. 1901.
John C. Nobmann. beloved husband of Jan-
nle Isabelle Nobmann. and brother of Charles
E. Nobmann and Mrs. J. C. Koop, a native
of San Francisco, aged 33 years 8 months
and 19 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Native Sons'
Hall, 414 Mason street, where the services
will be held, under the auspices of Stanford
Parlor No. 76, N. S. G. W., thence to Third
and Townsend streets, by the 3:30 o'clock
train. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
STANFORD Parlcr No. 70, N. S. G. W.—
Members of the parlor are requested to as-
nomoie at Shasta Hall. N. S. G. W. bulld-
inr. 414 Mason street, to-day (Sunday)
at l:4. r » o'clock, to attend the funeral service
of their late brother. John C. Nobmann. By
order of the parlor.
BRUCE CORNWALL, President.
FRED H. JUNG. Secretary.
O'BRIEN — In this city, December 21. 1001.
Mary Ann, beloved wife of Felix O'Brien, j
nnd beloved mother of Mrs. Joseph Richards,
Miss Katie Purcell and the late Charles
OTtrlen, a native of County Roscommon,
Ireland, aged 54 years.
ORMSHY — In this city. December 19. 1001.
Anna Mi P. Ormsby. beloved wife of the latj ;
J... S. L. Ormsby, and mother of John J..
Georgo O.. Harriet E.. Henry S., Edward
K.*, Kdgar L., Frank ■ E. of Boston, Mass.,
and William F.. Ormsby of Honolulu, a na-
tive of England, aged CT years 4 months and ]
27 days. (Boston papers please copy.)
[CTFrlerd? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. Steph-
en's Church, Fulton street, between Webster
and Flllmore. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriages. Remains at the
funeral. narlor3 of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co.. .°.1S Mason street, between O'Farrell and
Genry.
POMEROT — In this city. December '21, 1001,
Flavel C. Pomeroy. a. native of J New York,
aeed 76 year?.
(E?Frlenda and ncqualntancos am respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Kervicrs
to-riioirow (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at tho
parlors of Halsted & Co., 940 Mission street.
Interment at San Jose.
POTTER — In this city, December 2t. 1001.
Rosie L..' beloved wife of W. H. Pnttpr. and
mother: of Walter H. and .Tfsse Lee Potter,
a native of Charleston, South Carolina, ased
1!5 years.
REPENN — In this city. December 10. 1901.
Fredrick C. Repenn, bf.-'oved father . of
Charles Rcr>enn and Bertha L. Davidson,
and crandfather of Nettie and Henrietta
Repenn, a native of Germany, aged 73 years.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & i Gallagher.)
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMHALMER5,
20 Fifth Ft.. « pposite Lincoln School.
Telephone Soulh SO.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
SAN BRUNO HILLS.
OFF.CE 916 MARKET STR5ET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
I JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 676.
! UNITED UNDERTAKERS
27 »nrf 2j> Fifth St. TeJ. South 10/
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
nn e «*_ Equlgmmt at Moderate Rates. \
Eugene McGinn. ■ McGINN BKOS.
Funeral Directors • and Embalmcrs,
31 EDDY STREET. ,
Telephone South 232. San Francisco.
No Connection With Any Other House.
NEW FIRM OF UiNDartTAKcU a.
Samuel McFadden, IS years manager/ for
tbe United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 13
years; P. F. Green, late with J. O. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral J'ar-
lora at 1171 Mission street, between t>ev«:itii
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. .
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2478 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
RICE — In this city, December 19. . 1901. Mat-
thew D. Rice, beloved husband of the late
Amelia R. Rice, and father of Charles E.
and ' George i3. Rice and the late Maria,
Emma and Lillian Rice, a native of Burn-
church. Ireland, aeed 84 years. (New Bed-
ford and Chicago papers please copy.)
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlor* of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, between Eiehth and
Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ROCHE — In this city. December 20, 1901.
Mary, wife of John Roche, a native of
Croom, County Limerick, Ireland, aeed 63
years.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
• (Monday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem hieh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9 o'clock.
STELLING— In this citv. December 19. 1901,
George Stellinsr, beloved husband of Ellza-
. beth Stellinsr. and father of George, Herman
and Marearetha Stelline. a native of Vage-
eack, Hanover, Germany, asred 44 years and
8 months. A member of the Norddeutscher
Verein and Memorial Lodse No. 174, A. O.
U. W.
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 26ft Lexington avenue. Interment at
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
TRUBY— Departed this life in this city. De-
cember 21. 1901, Sadie Truby. sister of Har-
riet and Masrele Truby, Mrs. George Smith
and Samuel Truby, a native of Pittsburg, Pa.
!CF"Remalns at the funeral parlors of the
Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company, 1200
Mission street, between Eighth and Ninth.
VALENTINE— At hjs residence in East
- Oakland. Cal.. December 21, 1901. at 1:25
a. m., after an illness of some four months.
John J. Valentine, president of Wells, Fargo
& Co.. a> native of Bowling Green, Ky., aged
61 years.
(EXFuneral services will take place at th»
Church of the Advent. Twelfth avenue and
Sixteenth atreet. East Oakland, to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock. Interment private.
WARREN — In this city, December 19. 1001,
Minnie M., beloved daughter of Richard C.
and Marsraret Warren, sister of Richara,
Joseph. John, Thomas, Lizzie and Maggie
Warren, niece of John and the late William
Warren, Edward Frank and Thomas Nunan.
a native of San Francisco, aged 12 yeara 8
months and 1 day. " ,
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fuperal to-day
(Sunday), at l?:?>0 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 720 Tehnma street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church 'or services at 1 o'clocfc.
Interment Holy , Crops Cemetery.
WHELTON— In this city, December 21, 1001,
Cornelius, beloved husband of Honora Whel-
ton. and father of Cornelius, Nellie and Ettie
Whelton. Mis. Georce X. Liddle. Mrs. K.
Forster'and the late Margaret Whelton/ a
native of County Cork. Ireland, aeed -74
years.
tC3*The funprnl will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at S:"0 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 120fi Buchanan etreet. thence to St.
Mary'a Cathedral, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
menclne at 9 o'clock. Friends are respect-
fully Invited to attend. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WRIGHT— In Windsor, Sonoma County. Lena
C. Wricht. beloved wife of Frank " Wright,
daughter of the late J. W. Calhoun, and
sisfer of Harry, Edgar nnd Nannie. Cal-
houn. ■ .
ICThe funeral will take place' to-day
(Sunday), from her late home. Windsor,
Russian River.
CARD OF THANKS.
STIEGELER — To the many friends and ac-
quaintances who cave so many evidences of
their kindness and comforting sympathy and
beautiful floral offerings during our sad be-
reavement of loving: son and brother. Franz
, Eueene Stfesreler, we desire to return our
heartfelt thanks.
MRS. ALBRRTINE PTTEGELER. mother;
OTTO STIKOFI.TCR. AITGITPT STIEGELER.
brothers: HATT1E STIEGEI.ER. MRS. M.
SCHMIDT, sisters.
Florist Co.
V 7 ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.ncarELLIS flEg 505(5
FAM3XY ROW LEADS
TO VARIOUS TROUBLES
Two Arrests and a Divorcs Suit
Among the Hiatts Within
Twenty-Four Hours.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 21.— Two arrests and a
divorce suit is the record of the Hlatt
family for the past twenty-four hours.
Mrs. Lilly M. Hiatt of 923 Central avenue
had her husband, Benjamin F. Hlatt, ar
rested, yesterday for choking her into in
sensibility while he was intoxicated, so
she said. She followed up this resort of
the law with another to-day in the form
of a divorce suit, in which she charges
her husband with an assortment of cruel
ties. She wants $250 attorney's fees and
$100 a month alimony. She says her hus
band is a livestock dealer and earns 53500
a year. . .
J. A. Rommel, a real estate broiler, had
Mrs. Hiatt arrested to-night for malicious
mischief. He charged that she mutilated
some furniture that he purchased from
Mr. Hialt. She was released on her own
recognizance.
The Hiatts came to Alameda several
menths ago from Woodland.
REGENTS VIEW SITE .
OF NEW UNIVERSITY
John Galen Howard of New YorJc
Elected Superintending Architect
of Greater Plans.
BERKELEY, Dec. 21.— The Regents met
to-day at the University of California cod
besides routine business looked over tho
grounds for the purpose of forming an
idea of where the proposed new buildings
shall go. The location of the axis of the
mining building to be constructed soon
was changed slightly to obviate, the ne
cessity of an Immense amount of grading.
Nothing else definite was done regarding
the location of the buildings.
John Galen Howard, the New York ar
chitect who Is at present here revising
the university plans, was elected super
intending architect of the greater uni
versity. He will have charge of the con
struction work 'of the future.
Dr. J. H. McDonald of Chicago was ap
pointed instructor in mathematics from
January 1 at a salary of $900 a year. The
resignation of D. Winter, honorary fc;
low in English, was accepted. Mr. Win
ter will go East for further study. De
grees were conferred upon forty-three un
dergraduate and three graduate students.
LOUIS LONG BATTLES
WITH DEPUTY MARSHAL
Young Man Escapes From Oakland
Detective and Tights Berkeley
- Peace Officer.
BERKELEY, Dec. 21.— Louis Long of
this city, who v.-as accused some time agi»
of eloping with the wife of W. J. Rich
ardson of "23$ Telegraph avenue, was
landed in the County Jail to-day after a
light with Deputy Marshal Alden.
This morning Long was arrested by De
tective Shorey in Oakland on a charge of
stealing chickens. While handcuffs were
on him Long broke away from Shorey
during the latter's struggles with the
fowls Long is accused of stealing. Long
got to this city and broke the cuffs off.
'Alden 'was sent out on the case on a tele
phone message from Oakland and chase-.l
Long for a dozen blocks through the resi
dence part of town. When captured Lcai*;
fought and tried to get Alden's revolver.
Secures Transfer of Divorce Case.
OAKLAND, Dec. 21.— Joel \V. Williams,
the wealthy Kings County farmer who 13
fceln? sued for divorce by Chrissle E.
Williams, secured a transfer of the cane
to Kings County to-day from Judge Ella
worth on the ground thai he is not a resi
dent of this county. Williams has pub
lishfii a notice to the effect that he will
not be responsibly for any debts contract
ed by his \vlfv. ■ - ."»-'_ ;
Sues Libraiy .Trustees for Fees.
OAKLAND. Dec. 21.— Edmund Kollo
frath. an architect who claims to have
furnished tliH, library Trustees of Alu
meda with plans for a library building,
began suit against them to-ilay for £C25
for payment. The defendants fire George
H. Mastick, John Lutgen, P. Vw. -Barton,
E. W. Maslin and W. M. . tioweis.
Beautiful Children— See . Calitornla types In
TVesp'8 Christmas number. Cosmopolitan Cali
fornia iilustiated. •
WOODEN DAYS
OF EASTERN STAR
Fifth Anniversary Cele
brated by Mission
Chapter.
Souvenirs Are Presented to
Many Members at
Banquet.
Mission Chapter No. 155 of the Order of
the Eastern Star celebrated the fifth anni
versary of its organization by a banquet
In Mission Masonic Hall last night. It
was strictly a Mission Chapter /iffalr and
on all sides were wooden signs announcing
that it was "for members only." Tne £e
were about 250 members present In. the
main hall, which had been decorated by-
Walter Burner, one of the members, wun
wooden shavings in various colors, wash
boards and clothespins.
The tables had wooden table cloths ana
before each guest was a souvenir pack
age consisting of menu, napkin-ring,
paper-knife, bucket and a piece of red
wood bark filled with toothpicks, all of
wood, with the name of the Chapter
burned on each article. James A- Wilson
was the toastmaster, and a very witty
one he was.
After the turkey, which the menu said
died at the age of 5 years and 2 days, had
been disposed of Mrs. Mary Ij. Fanner,
the first matron, was called upon to pre
sent to H. C. Bunker, who was the first
patron, a handsome matchbox In recogni
tion of his services to the chapter. Then
followed addresses by James Keystone, H.
C. Bunker, Andrew Christenson and W.
C. * Ordway. Between addresses there
were- vocal selections by the Mission
Royal Arch Chapter, consisting of J. E.
Jones. R. D. Burness, E. C. Boysen and
Alexander Mennle. After the banquet
there was dancing.
The following were the committees in
charge: ■ »
Executive committee — James A. Wilson,
chairman: Andrew Christensen. treasurer; Ed
win W. Schrader, secretary.
"Wood service committee — R. Herring. J. C.
Kastman, A. Christensen. "William McPhun and
F. Snell.
Reception committee — J. F. Bernard. H.
Brewer, F. W. Birlew, C. 8. Burgess. H. J.
Burns, A. M. Cox. R. Chorley, G. B. Clifford.
O. C. Coiner, J. H. Cox, J. B. Craig. F. Dean.
C. D. Doyle, C. Dretfere. J. Kgbergv J. Fal
coner, A. S. Gabbs, F. Gerties,, Charles Glt
sam. H. H. Hansen. F. Hardie, J. H. Hodg
don. F. HoIrnqulst,M.Hotchkiss,R.R- Killgore.
J. W. King. D. M. Lawrence, H. Madison, J.
A. Marsh, E. C. McCall. William McCall. Wil
liam McColllster. Robert McGingley, H. L.
McKnew, J. F. Nichols. J. O'Keefe. George
Pennington. H. E. Perrin, F. J. Perry, A. S.
Perley, D. B. Plymlre, Charles Poch, Joseph K.
Short. H. R. Spauldlng. C. W. • Taber. F.
Thrall. E. H. Tietjl, G. Trevlvlck. F. L. Tur
pin. W. W. Watson. F. C. West and W. Woohl
steln.
Lecture on Eye Diseases.
"Eye Diseases" formed the subject of
Dr. C. S. G. Nagel's lecture before a large
and appreciative audience at the Mechan
ics' Institute last evening 1 . The lecturer
gave some valuable Instruction with the
aid of diagrams and his lucid explana
tions will no doubt be of much service to
many of those who had the good fortune
to hear them. The doctor gave some
good, sound, practical advice as to the
care and protection of the eye.
BARTLETT DEITIES REPORT
■ THAT TTR IS N"OT MAEEIED
Says He "Was Lawfully Wedded to
Grade Flaisted at Tia
Juana.
OAKLAND, Dec. 21.— A dispatch from
San Diego says that Grade Plaisted and
George Bartlett were not married at Tia
Juana, Mexico, as reported. The couplo
say they are married. They are living at
the Galindo Hotel. Mr. Bartlett said to
day:
Of course we are married. The ceremony
was performed by a Mexican Judge at Tia
Juana last Tuesday. We secured an interpre
ter to aid us in answering the questions re
quired in the ceremony. As for the published
statement that we could not wed there until
we had resided in the place six months, I can
only Eay that we used a little sucar to
straighten things out for an immediate mar
riage. My wife has retired from the stage,
and It is our desire to be let alone by the
newspapers.
Oakland Masons Install.
OAKLAND, Dec. 21.— Oakland Lodge
No. 1S8. F. and A. M.' held its annual In
stallation of officers to-night at Masonic
Temple. The exercises were noteworthy
because of the honors paid to retiring
Master John A. Britton. In addition to
the past master's jewel which was pre
sented to him by the lodge, his class of
forty-nine Initiates during the year made
him the recipient of a magnificent silver
tea service. After the installation, -which
was in secret, a banquet was spread at
which 400 guests were regaled with dainty
dishes, speech and song. There were ad
dresses by Past Master Charles E. Snook
of Alcatraz Lodge, Hon. "William R. Da
vis, Past Master John A. Britton and the
newly inducted master of Oakland Lodge,
Samuel J. Taylor. The officers who were
installed to-night are:
Worshipful master. Samuel Johnson Taylor:
senior warden. Albert Lloyd Black: junior
warden. Willard Forsrthe "Williamson; treas
urer, Edwin Nelson "Walter; secretary, Alvab
Kittredgs Clark: chaplain, "William Henry
Craig; marshal, David Walter Standeford;
senior deacon, Charles Nelson Walter; junior
deacon, Robert Bralnard Gaylor; stewards —
James Josesh Gallagher. Henry Grant Mc-
Grew: tyler, William Booker Inzersoll: organ
ist. Wilber Walker Sr.
Leads Visalia Fanner to Alaska.
OAKLAND, Dec. 21.— Charged with
having 1 swindled J. N. Hitchcock, a Vi
salia farmer. C. P. Cone, who claims to
be a miner, was arrested to-night by De
tective George Kyte. Cone, so Hitchcock
charges, induced the rancher to sell his
farm and go to Alaska with the accused
man and Invest In mining claims. It la
charged that Cone bunkoed the farmer
out of considerable money. The prisoner
ha3 been masquerading about Visalia as
a preacher, according to the statement
made to the police by Constable Jones of
that town, who will return . to-morro\v
with Cone.
Greener Fine Guns.
New assortment "Monarch ejectors."
Latest model. On sale at H. E. Skinner
Co., 416 Market street. •'
There are braying men in the world as
well as braying donkeys.
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
HQRTH PAGlr^CMSTRAilBOAa
Via Sausalito FWry.
Commencing September Zv looi
F ROM SAN A FKANC1,CO TOWU. VALLEV
EXTRA. TKIPS— For Mill Valley and* <;».,
Rafael on 'Mondays. Wednesday, and tiaiu,
uays at 0:30 and 11140 p. m.
&UNUAYS- *8:00. MO:uo. 'll^O a. m •i-is
•J-.10. »4:45. 0:30. 9:30 p. m. ' *. :I *>
•Mains marked (•) run to San Quentln
a. r». •12--5. 2:15, »3:35, 4:40, 0:30 Dm
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, W e u n^ da v
and Saturdays at C:45 and 0:53 p ' « ua «»<la>«i
. SUNDAYS— 6:15. •S-.OO. »10:O0. "'lwr .
•1:40. »3:15. 4:45. -6:30 p. m. "^ *• "»..
TrainH marked »•) start from San Quenti,,
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANClim
WEEK DAYS-&:45. t!:45. •:»£ 8 -35 i u L &-
a. m.. 12:U5. 2:45. :i:50. 5:10 p. m ' l0 - i0
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedn«H=
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 r. m. nesda » s
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 10:05 a. m. r»-Sk
3:30 5:00. «:45 p. m. # x -- wi -
THROUGH TRAINS.'
statins*" "" We6k dajs - CazaJ «o and way
wittonf" m ' Saturdays - Dun «n Mm, and way
.titans'- "" Sunda 5' a - Du ''can Mill, and way
Bunav Ume' day b(mU a ° d traini wlU ™* «>
BAZLWAY T&A VEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
J (Main Line. Foot of Matkat Street) *
uutb — From Dxcxjoxs 6. 1901. — akett»
7t«©A Benlds, Sulraa, Elmlia and Sacra-
niento I »2*
7sOOa Vaaartlle. Wlntert.'Ramsey......... *»J»3»
?<SOa Martin**. San Uamon,ValleJo.N»p«,
C»HHo|»tudS»nt» Ko»......... 0:23*
■:0O a DtTis, Woodland. Kaignta Landing.
MarytTUlo. Owlll*, • ™"»
•i00i Atlantic KxpreM-Og-dan and Kul Si33*
Sioo a Nile*. L»throp, Stockton ............ 7 »*a»
StOOANUea, Mendota, Hanford. Visalia,
PorterriUe w ........... 4j30»
SiSOa Shasta EzpreM— Davis, Williams (for
Bartlett Seringa), Willows, Red
Bluff, Portland. 7i8»»
• i8»» 8»u Joie. Lltermore. Htocktou,
Ions. Baermmento. PlteerTiU*.
M«ry»»ill«, Chico. Uoil Uluff 4i2.lv
•iSOA Oakdale. Ohlneio, Sonar*. Tuolamna 4:23r
UtOO* Hajward, Kiiet and Way SUtloui.. 1 IiS3a
•tOOAVaUeJo ;;-:;•••• lai83 »
•lOVALoa Anxele* Expresi i- Mutines.
Tracy, Latiirop. Stockton, Merced
Fresno and Los Ancelea TiSSa.
BiSOA Valleln. Martinez ami War Btatlout 7lS3r
1O:OVA Th» Overland Limited— Ogdeo. ttea-
isr, Omaha. Chicajn niSSr
fliOOp Sacramonto W»er Ste«Dt«ra (U:»Uf
Sionr IJciilcli*. Whiten. Hwranienlo,
Woodland. Kufuuta Landing;.
MarysTtlla, Orovllle I«:3.1a
SiSOr Hajward, Nile* aud Waj Stations.. 7>33»
4iW«r Martluex. Han IUuioii. Vaiiojo,
Nan*. Uallatnc*. HanU Ko«a «i3.1»
4tOOr Nlles; Lrtermore. Stockton. Lodl... 13:23r-
4 lUur Hayward. Mlea. Han Jom, Ltwrmora tS:34*l
4:S0rTh» Owl Limited — Fresno. Tuiara.
TUkenBeld. Haugua for SauU Bat.
burn. Lo« Aujfelea Si33*
BiwOp Port Cost*. Tracy. Lathroo. Stockton 1u:23a
SiOOf Martin* z. Antiocb, Stockton, ilwr-
■ced, Fresno 13i2S>
' «i«np Ha/ward, Nlles and H*n Jom 7.33 a
t«:O«r Vullejo " lll«34
•i«ttp Oriental Mali— Ojden, DonYtr,
Omaha. St Louia, Chicago «>23a
7l«0* Oregon and Oall/ornta KiprMi Mas. v,
rauieutu, Marjulllt. KaiMIiij,
Portland, Piigek Hound ami Kaaa Si33&
•••»* Sao Pablo. For* Costo. Martlaei
and Way Stations *! : ??*
t»«O3f ValUio 7»aay
COAST MNE (Narrow Gaagt).
(foot of Mwrkst Street)
~~ 1»I»a NewarfcOentoM Ul».8an Jos».F»ltoo, ' j
BoalderCxe«k.S«nU0nMandW»» 1
Station* ■ »i30)»
1 1 1 1 • r Newark. Ceii tenlllo. San Jos^New j
Almsden, Feiton, HouKler Creek,
( Hanta Crm and Principal Vt*t .
Stations • JOiBOA
4i1Sp Newark. Ban Josa, Los Gatos fSiS04
«9.3<>p Hunters' Trmiu— San Jos* and Way
Stations t7.»0»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Inn S1I mJCISCO-/««i of Uukit Simt (Slij I)—
t7:18 8:00 11:00*. U. 1:09 1:09 5:13?.*.
fforaOlIUia— rul«rBr««!»ij.— 1«;08 JS:CO t3:C*
10:004.11. 12:09 8.09 i:C3r.M.
COAST LINE (Br«a<l (Jang*).
(Third and TowpseiidSU.)
~ «il«A Ban Jose and Way HUtion*.... ...... «»<•*
7i«Oa Han Jose ami Way SUtluus J*'?i£
/7>«ua N«w Almaden / *slO»
■tOOA Coast Line Limited — San Jose.
Gllmy, Salloaa. San Lois ObUpo. t
Hanta Barbara, Lo» Angeles and
principal Intermediate it * t Ions .... I Oi«ay
tiOOA Han Joa«. Trea I'inos. HkiiU Crux,
Facilie <irn»r. Pallnas. San Lois \A
Obiapo aud Principal intermediate)
Ht»ti..»is 4tl«»
IOiSAa Baa Jcae and Way Stations. NiX«&
I Ii3«>a Man Josa an.l Way Station* tti Ifl*
t*>'!»r San Mateo. Itedwoori. Menlo Park,
Valo Alto. Banta Clara, 8au .lone,
Tres Pisos. Sauta. Cm*. Saiiuas.
Monterey aiM Tactile (irate fl0t4Sa.
S:It<»r Man Joaeaud Way Button*......... li:««»»
Msl»r San Join anil Principal \V», Stations S<8«»
4iSOr Sunset limited — Mondays, Wednrs-
dajs, Friday", for Lo.« Angeles, £3
Paso. Hew Orleans and New York.
Arrives Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays IOiI.Ia
f3:vO>S»n Joan, Log Gatos and Prludpal
. Way Stations ffttOOA
* BiSOr 8an.li.s««iMl Principal Waj Station* O:H<»»
Oinnp ?an. lose ami W»» SCatioua 7t3O»
7:00 f New Orleans Eipre.is— Han Ln!s
Onfcrpo. Santa Barbara, Log An-
v geles. I> niing. El Paso, New Or-
leans and Ejs( 7:30*
' «ll>4.1r San Jom. an.l Way Stations ?::tO*>
A fur Mnmlnj ~ P tar A f teruoou. *
tHnnriay t-xcftnied. J I Hinday only.
_a3sturii»y<Mi;jr. / Tuesday* and FrMayt^
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
l>ave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Daily Dally Dally
L.T. SaaFran 7:20 a 9:COa S:OOp 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2::«5 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Vlsalla.. 3:33 p 5:00a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:H0a
*• Chicago.. 2:15 p 0:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
0:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying- Palacs Sleeping: Cars and
Pining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:03 a. m.
dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Correapondlns train arrives at 12:3O
p. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Jcaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and la Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway.
Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Exu»
trip at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips as
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafao! to Saa Franclaco.
WEEK DATS — 6:10. 7:60, 0:2O. 11:10 a. m.;
12:40* 3.40, 0:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
. trips at 1:50 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. tt:40. ll:lo a. m.; 1:10. 3:40,
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arriv*
San Francisco. |Apr. 2a. 1901] San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week.
Days. | days. ] Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am tt:4Uam
3:3Gpm 0:30am Pataluma, 6:05pm 10:23ara
6:10pm 5:00pm Santa Kosa. 7:36pm ti :20pm
•'- I », Fulton.
7:30am Windsor. 10:25am
S :00pm Eealdsburs, 10:40am
Lytton,
Geyservllle.
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale. 7:33pm 6:20pm
7:30am S:0Opm Hopland. 10:40am 10 :25an»
3:o0pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:33pm 6:20pm>
7 :30am in-*nnm in ; ?* Tim
, 8:00am Guemevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 6:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00aml Sonoma &:15am 8:40am
I and
£T:10pm 5:0Opm[ Glen Eilen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7::5Oaml 8:0Oam| |10:40am|10:25ara
3:3Qpm| 5:00pin[ Sebastopol. [ 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and Whits Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
lor Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Ueyserville for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdals
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs, Highland Springs. KelseyviUe Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Hay. Lakeport and 'Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, L:»urel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. 1'oaio. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lier!ey'». BuckneU'a.
Sanhedrtn Heights, Huiiville. Orf» Hot
Springs. Mendoctno City. Fort Brags, West-
port, Usal, WUllts, LaytonvUle, Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to nil point*
beyond San Rafaet at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. CnronlcU
building;.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
KOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arnve
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
\Veek Sun- Sun- Week
Days. days. M Mtmm^ mmt days^ .Days;
1:15p. *-«-.'"««ki> v »«ij. 5:65 F.
F»r». g» rruetm to Jummlt ud lUton. II M.
Tki.t OSc. «U MAJUJCT SXHXST u4 SAL'SVUIO TtZZt.
THE WEEKLY CALL'
$1 per Year.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and Exchange as before quoted.
Weekly bank clearings show the usual gain.
Local stocks and bonds dull-.
Wheat firmer. Barley rules steady.
Oats firm and Com and Rye quiet.
Another advance in Bran. Hay quiet and weak.
Potatoes in heavy receipt, but steady. Onions quiet.
Los Angeles Vegetables higher under light arrivals.
Butter and Eggs firm and Cheese steady.
Poultry and Game steady and Turkeys higher.
Last car of Eastern Cranberries of the season arrives.
Three cars of Oranges announced for to-morrow's auction.
No further change in Dried Fruits-.
Pi'ovisions as before quoted.
Meat market firm and unchanged.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings during the pest week
«™ *?H 8( }- 8 " 3 . against $20,045,029 during the
same week -last year.
Dried Fruit in New York-.
Mail efivices from Xew York eayt
. ''The epot market for currants, -which has
celd firm at 6c for Amelias for some, time,
•wing to light and closely controlled stocks,
nas declined on arrivals of ratter liberal sup-
Flies via England and the Continent The
Teutonic brought about S50 barrels from Liv
erpool, while the Rotterdam steamer has In
the neighborhood of 2700 barrels for various
re<-e!ver»._ On epot eome holders on Saturday
offered Amaliae In barrels, uncleaned. at 5%c
• nd cleaned in cartons at To, TrhUe best Ama
lias were reported offered to arrive from Rot
t»rdaa at 5%c Others, however, were firm
4, the former epot quotation of 6c for barrel*.
-The Greek market is reported very firm, at the
recent advance.
" •California ralsine are more settled on epot
cr.4 holders are mostly firm et 6@6*4c for 3
crewn loose Muscatels and 7^ c and 8c re
spectively for choice and fancy seeded. Sales
cf fair lots of choice seeded at 7%c were re
ported, but as a general thing raisins show
almost no movement either on spot cr from the
coast at the higher prices. Spot supplies are
undoubtedly light, but are probably sufficient
to carry the trade ever the holidays and Into
the new year. After that there may be some
activity and many look for a further advance.
Prunes are firm on a S}4c to S^c basis, f, o. b-.,
cr.ast. for Santa Claras, and there is rather a
firmer feeling- on spot. Evaj>ora.ted XLp^lee are
firmer, particularly choice and fancy, which
ere comparatively scarce and wanted. Sale of
a car of prime State goods is reported at 6^c.
Fancy apples in cartons sell from 12®12»ic and
choice from 10@llc. Chops are firmer. Waste
uno*iaTj|ced. Peaches are quiet.
■•Shelled almonds are higtoen , StcUy shelled
t-*-!r.ir held from 19@20i£c and Jordans from
*>>iSHc. Marbot walnuts are lower at 8%©9c."
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time).
SAX mANaSCO, Dee. 21 — 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared w'.th those of same date laet
season, and rainfalls in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Station — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
I3ureka O.OO 16.01 20.61
Kel Bluff 0.00 9. 06 8.81
Fucrarnento 0.00 S.9S 7.6S
Pan Francisco 0.00 3.80 7.22
Fresno 0.C0 2.17 5.43
lnipp«5<5«ice 0.00 1.34 2. SI
Sen Lui* Ob!*po 0.00 4.56 10.20
Uf Angelec O.Oo 2.43 6.70
San Dicco 0.00 0.77 1.73
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
61; minimum, 44; mean, 02.
THE COAST RECORD.
STATION. -• ? 5 • a S.;r £o p
3 I = : " : ? P
Baker 30.36 2S IS ifE Cloudy ~00
Carson ... 30. 2S 58 16 XE Clear .00
Astoria SO. 14 43 40 S Cloudy .30
Eureka 30.24 52 44 N Pt Cldy .00
Frerao 30. 1G GO 32 "W Clear .00
Flagstaff S0.38 56 8 S"W Cloudy .00
Pocatello, Ida.29.S*4 40 12 SE Pt Cldy .00
Indep*n-a«nce .SO. 22 BS 30 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 30. 02 74 CO Calm Cloudy .00
Phoenix 30.08 70 40 XW Clear .00
Portland 30.18 46 36 SE Cloudy .03
Red Bluff 30. 1C 68 40 SE Clear .00
P.oseburg SO. 28 44 34 N Cloudy .03
eacramento ...30.1G 60 34 SE Clear .00
BaJt Lake 30.40 36 18 KW Clear .00
Ban Francisco. 30. 10 60 44 X Clear .00
B. L. Obispo..30.0S 78 34 N Clear .00
Ban Diego 30.06 72 56 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.10 48 44 S Pt Cldy .13
Bpokan* 38 24 S Snow .04
Ke&h Bay 4S 46 SW Cloudy .18
TValla Walla 46 26 S Cloudy .<KJ
Wirmeroucca. 48 14 6W Cloudy .00
Yuma 30.06 72 52 KW Clear .00
The following maximum end minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eaetern sta
tions: '■*
Boston, 24-14; Cincinnati, 12 to — t; Wash
ington, 24-12; Jacksonville. 44-20; Kansas City,
24-18; New York, 26-16; Omaha, 0-14; Duluth.
e to —2; Salt Lake City, 36-18; Chicago. 0
to —2; St. Louis, 10-4; Philadelphia, 28-16.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails over the northern
|>ortion of the Pacific elope and light rain with
hdow in the mountains has fallen in Washing
ton sr.d Oregon; fair weather prevails over the
southern portion of the Pacific Blcpe.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains, and
what appears to be a moderate storm overlies
I3rltli>h Columbia.
The change* in temperature west of the
Rocky Mountains have been slight.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
bours ending mifinlght December 22:
Northern California — Generally cloudy Sun
fiay; light southerly wind; probably Ehowcm
on the northwest coast.
Southern California — Fair Sunday; light
easterly wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Sunday; warmer In north
portion; fresh southerly wind.
Kan Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Sunday: light easterly wind.
G. H. WILLSOX,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21. — Amalgamated Copper
ehowed the same stable tendency between C6%
and 07 which it developed yesterday and the
relief afforded the general market by this turn
of affairs continued In evidence. The bank
statement gave evidence of satisfactory con
ditions in the money market and also prompted
some buying of Btock. The sympathetic
etrength in the general market was taken ad
vantage of for an active liquidation in Sugar,
which forced that stock 3% under last night
and unsettled the market and made the closing
tary Net resu'jts are not generally important
and changes run both ways. The recent cut
in the price of tugar leaves a narrow margin
for pront on Its Droduction and fears are en-,
lertained of a renewal cf the sugar and cof
fee war. The Etrength of the day wae most
marked in the local tractions and in the coal
ers both soft and anthracite. Hocking Valley
added 2% to yesterday's 3-point rise and the
preferred gained IMj- There was a report of
the pending acquisition of another railroad and
a' -umor of the proposed retirement of the
preferred flock. The enormous speculation in
Amalgamated Copper was an unsettling influ
ence on the general market duri.iK tt» whole
week Dealings in that one stock constituted
frora'ltt to 1% of the aggregate dealings on
<-aeh day of the week and its incessant and
violent fluctuations baffied the insight of the
most ekillful operatore. The successive cuts
in the price of raw copper, while doubtless of
vital import to the ultimate value of the stock,
vetmed to have a soothins effect upon the
Vock while adding to the unsettlemtut in the
general ir.arket. Late in the week the dividend
action on the utock overshadowed a-l other
considerations. The 1 per cent declaration had
been pretty accurately expected in spite of the
flood of rumors constantly set afloat by the
professional traders for manipulative purposes.
Olie official statement by the directors after
the dividend declaration threw very little light
on the situation beyond that Indicated by the
previous course of events, but it had the ad
vantage of formulated authorized information
as against wild surmise and rumor which had
prevailed for a long time previously. The state
ment ig accepted a s a proclamation that the
Independent producers having declined to main
tain prices the Amalg-a mated Company is pre
pared to make such prices as are necessary to
secure a market for the product of Ha com
panies. Such action is regarded as promising
lavorable results in general business and more
healthy and natural conditions in the copper
trade Itself. By stimulating- consumption at
the lower prices and decreasing production by
keeping out the profit for more expensive pro
ducers matters are set in trim for an adjust
ment of equilibrium between demand and sup
ply by the operation of natural law. As tor
the effect upon the value of Amalgamated Cop
per stock itself the fluctuations in that stock
indicate continued uncertainty. The price ad
justment In the Copper market has had a par
allel in that for other staple commodities.
There have been cuts In the price of lead,
linseed oil, sugar, petroleum and in the specu
lative markets for grains and cotton. The iron
market affords a strong contrast, where strenu
ous efforts are reported making to keep down
| prices end prevent a runaway market. "With
production in the trade at record figures the
consumptive demand ig still so urgent as to
offer abundant opportunity for asking advanced
prices. The dominant interest in the trade
urres the benefit of stability of orlces and
points to the sudden collapse in demand which
resulted from the buoyant rise of orices in
1S8&. In the railroad world the anomaly Is
presented of a pressure of traffic which the
equipment is inadequate to accommodate, ac
cording to continued complaints which come
from all sections, while reports, of cutting of
rates are more and more frequent. The logic
of cutting- prices to compete for business while
more business Is offering than can be carried
is not clear to the speculative mind In Its
efforts to fathom the future effect on railroad
earnings. Even railroads which are Included
in the newly formed community of Interests
are affected by rate cutting-, ■ according to re
ports published In Wall street. The directors
of the new Chicago, Burlington and Quincy
Railroad, as announced, reveal the expected
representation of Union Pacific interests and
the delayed annual report of the Union Pacific
Is awaited with interest to disclose the process
or financing that company's interest in tha
Burlington and the Northern Securities Com
pany. Early in the week there was rather
urgent pressure in the stock market against
Union Pacific and St. Paul and the stock of
the Northern Securities Company was de
pressed to near par In the curb market on al
most nominal dealings. Railroad earnings con
tinue to show Increases over those of a year
apo. The growing: hope that the money mar
ket would work safely through to the period of
relaxation after the annual settlements has en
couraged the firm holdings of stocks. The pas
sage of the time for gold shipments to be
available for use in the annual settlements
abroad without further outgo this -week has
helped this feeling- of confidence. Prices as a
whole are higher for the. week.
There has been a broad and active bond mar
ket this week. Bhowlng the effect of the In
vestment demand In anticipation of the Janu
ary disbursements.
United States refunding 2s advanced %, the
3s (old and new). 4* and 5s (registered) %. and
do coupon % per cent over the closing call of
laet week.
NEW YORK STOC KLIST.
Stock — Sales. High. Low. Close.
AtchlBon 10,800 7» 78% 78»fa
Atchlson pfd 2,000 101 100% 100%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 5,900 102& 101% 102
Bait & Ohio pfd... 109 91% 94% 94^
Canadian Pacific 113%
Canada Southern... 100 86% 86% 85 %
Ch-s & Ohio 1.700 4«'i 461? 46%
Chicago & Alton... COO 35% 35»^ m>'*
Chgo £z Alton pfd. 300 70 14 75% 75 ;: i
Chgo, led & L 1,000 49 48Vi 48%
Chgo, Ind & L pfd 74
Chgo & East 111 134*4
Chgo & Q West 1,300 24% 23% 24
Chg &. G W A pfd. 200 b'V, 87 HGU,
Chg & G W B pfd. 400 48 47% 47%
Chgo & NorthwBtn. 202
Chgo, R I & Pac. 200 152 152 151^
Chgo Term & Tran 16V*
Chgo T & T pfd... 300 31Y< 31 31
C C C & St Louis. 100 G8H 98>4 08
Colo Southern 400 14H 14V* 14Vi
Colo So let pfd 200 58% 58V4 5S>A
Colo So 2d pfd 100 27>4 27»i 27 "
Del & Hudson 1,200 175^4 175 174%
Del, Lack & West 2-V3 3 /s
Den & Rio Grande. 100 44»4 44V4 44%
Den & R G pfd.... COO 94% 94 94y t
Eria 1 9.600 41 40^4 40%
Erie 1st pfd 3,000 73 72>^ 72%
Erie 2d t)fd OO0 58% 58 68&
Great Northern pfd 100 189 184 184
Hocking Valley 2,000 69% 67 (53%
Hocking Val pfd... 3,000 85 S3Vi 84y 2
Illinois Central 300 139Vi 139 139
Iowa Central 36
Iowa Central pfd -71
Lake Erie & West. 200 69% 69% 66
Lake Erie & W pfd 127
Louisville & Nash. 4,700 106% 106% 100%
Manhattan Elev... 3,500 135 133% 134
Met St Ry (5,100 163% 1C2 163%
Mexican Central... 2,300 25 "24% 24%
Mexican National.. 100 14 14 13%
Minn & St Louis 100
Missouri Pacific... 13,600 104% 103% 104%
Mo, Kans & Tex.. 100 26 26 25%
Mo, Kan* & T pfd 52
New Jersey Cent.. 200 IS I 184 ,183
New York Cent... 3,000 1C7 ICC 16CW
Norfolk & Western 1,100 5C% 56% ' 50%
Norfolk & W pfd 91
Northern Pac pfd 09%
Ontario & Western 4.400 34% 33% 34Vi
Pennsylvania 2.«00 148V4 147% 147%
Reading 24,500 .10% 49% C0U
Reading 1st pfd.... r>00 80 79% 79%
Reading 2d nfd 4,200 fiO 50% 59%
St Louis & S F.... 700 r.6% 66 ; 55%
Bt L & S F l?t pfd 300 fi3 83 82%
Rt L & S F 2d pfd 1.8O0 73% 73% 73%
St Louis Southwstn 200 27% 27% 27
St L Swestern pfd. 100 59 59 59
St Paul 21.500 104% 103% IC.1%
St Paul pfd 100 188 188 187
Southern Pacific... 17.700 fil . 60% 60%
Southern Railway.. 2.100 33% 33% 33%
So Railway pfd.... 700 fl3% B.1 fl3V t
Texas & Pacific... 200 3S> 30 38%
Toledo. St L & W. 100 19 19 18%
Tol. S L & "W pfd 34
T'nion Pacific 19,200 102% 101% 102-s
T'nion Pacific pfd.. 700 89% 89 83
Wabash 1.700 22% 22% 22%
Wabashpfd 1.500 42% 42Vt 42V t
Wheeling & L E.. 200 18% 18% 18%
Whel & L E 2d pfd ?S
Wisconsin Central.. 100 21 t 21 *; 20%
Wlpconsin Cent pfd 100 42% 42% 41%
Express Companies —
Adams l»0
American, ex div 200
United States »2
Wells Fargo .... 190
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 13.500 67% fiflJ£ 6f.%
AmCar&Fdry.... 1.400 30^ 29% 30
Am Car & F pfd.. 1,500 SC% 86 86^4
Am Linseed Oil 15
Am Linseed Oil pfd 40
Am Smelt & Ref... 4S%
Am Smelt & R pfd. ..... .... 93%
Anaconda Mng Co. 1.100 20% 2ft 29
Brooklyn Ran Tran 6,900 65% 64% ■ 64%
Colo Fuel & Iron 01
Consolidated Gas .. «O0 215% 215 2ir ( y,
Gen Elertric 200 281 279% 280
Glucose Sugrar 30V t
Hocklnc Conl 100 15% 15% 15%
International Pap 20%
International' P pfd 75%
International Powr 400 S8% 88% 88%
Laclede Gas 1)2V;
National Biscuit .. .... * 43%
National Lead -1B%
I National Salt 32
j National Salt pfd .61
' North American JJ.1
Pacific Coast '. - 75
Pacific Mall 300, 45% 43% 45%
People's Gas 2,000 302 101% 101%
Pressed Steel Car.. 400 41 40% 40%
Pressed Steel C pfd .83
Pullman Pal Car • 21 4
Republic Steel .... •. 15%
Rt, ublic Steel pfd. 100 C6T4 60% Cfi%
Sugar 9,800 118% 115% ; 115%
Tenn Cnal & Iron.. 1,200 64 63% 64%
Union B & Pap Co. "....' 14%
THE SAN FRANCISCO* CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22\ 1901
Union B & P c pfd :..... 73
U S Leather 100 11% " i{*i 11%
}l £ Leather pfd... 200 80% 80% 80%
U S Rubber 200 13 . 13 13
U S Rubber pfd.. ,. 100 49 49 40
Ij S Steel..... 23.100 43 42% 42%
US Steel pfd 7,200 02% 02% 02%
« estern Union .... 300 91% 91% 91%
Am Locomotive...; 1,000 31% 31% 31%
Am Loco pfd 400 . S9% S'J 80%
Shares sold 294,000
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s, Hock Valley 4%s.lO9
2 re S « 108% L & Nash uni 4s. 102%
do coup ..lOO'/i Mex Cent 4s 83%
do 3s reg-. .... . .lOS'/i do 1st inc 31%
50 coup 108% Minn & St L 4s... 103
do new 4a reg..lS9»A M K & T 4s 96',i
do coup ....;.. 130U . do 2ds 81%
do old 4s reg... 111% N Y Cent lsts....lOC%
do coup .......112% do gen 3%s 110
do 5s reg...;..107Vj N J Cent gen 5s. 131%
do coup 108 North Pac 4s.... 105
Atchison gen 4s. . 102 tf do 3sS ...;..,. . 72%
do adj 4s O4'/i Norf & W con 4s. 102$
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Reading gen 4s.. 90
do 3%s 96% St L & I M c 5s. 117%
do conv 4s 104% St L & S F 4s. .. : 97%
Can South 2ds 109% St L SW lsts... .-06%
Cent of Ga 5s 100% do 2ds 79%
do 1st Inc 75% S A & A Pass 4s. 89
Ches & Ohio 4 "As. 106% South Pac is : 92%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 86 South Ry 5s. . . . . .123%
C B & Q new 4s.. •JS'i Tex & Pac" lsts. .119%
C M & St P g 4s. Ill Tol St L & W 4s. 81
Q & NW con 7s. . .140 Union Pac 4s 106%
C R I & P 4s 107 do conv 4s 106%
C C C & StL g 4slO3%. Wabash lsts ..:.118y 4
Chi Term 4s S3«.i do 2ds .113^4
Colo & South 4s..* 89 • do deb B 66%
D & R G 4s 103'4 West Shore 4s... 114
Erie prior lien 4s. 100% W & L Erie 4s... 91%
do gen 4s 89% Wis Cent 4s .. 9W*
Ft W & D C lsts. 104% Con Tob 4s ; 63%
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS/
Money— . IWestlngh Com... 08
Cell loans 4%@5 Mining—
1 Time loans 4%©5 Adventure 166%
I Bonds-^ Auouez ...:..:. :: 2%
, Atchlson 4s 102 Amalgamated a: 66 \i
; Gas lsts 81% Baltic :-.i 31%
1 Mex Cent 4s . 80'/. Blngham 1 24
N E G & Coke... 58 Calumet & Hecla.GSO
Railroads— Centennial ; ll
Atchlson 78% Copper Range... > 40
do prefd 100%lDom Coal ....... 47%
Boston & Albany. 259 Franklin .luiUitilH
; Boston & Maine.. 190 Isle Royale i»»*it 18Vj
: Boston Elevated. .167 Mohawk -*;;.. 27%
! N T N H & H...211% Old Dominion ... 21
i Fitchburg pfd 145 Osceola uu. 73%
Union Pacific ...102 parrot.. iV 2o
i Mex Central 24% Quincy . . . ». i . . . .125
! Miscellaneous — Santa Fe Copper. 2%
i Am Sugar .......116% Tamarack ....... 235
Am Tel & Tel.... 161% Trimountain »... 28
i Dom Iron & Steel. 24% Trinity ......»i. 13 M,
' Qen Electric 27o»j United States ... 13%
Mass Electric ... 32 Utah ►*.<"» .'i»VV»:i 19%
N E G & Coke.. 4% Victoria .'.Uilk'i.i 4%
; United Fruit 94 Wlnona ......... 1%
U S Steel 42% Wolverine ....... 45
I do prefd 92%
j NEW YORK MINING STOCK.
I Adams Con 18 Little Chief .. 12
! Alice 45 Ontario 8 25
i Breece 75 Ophlr <"8
; Brunswick Con ... 1C Phoenix v 05
Comstock Tunnel. OS's Potosi 0:1
Con Cal & Va 1 tiu Savage OT
Deadwood Terra. 50 Sierra Nevada. ..» 15
1 Horn Silver 2 00 Small Hopes ...» 40
I Iron Silver 00 Standard 3 40
Leadvllle Con.... 05
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— The statement of the
Associated Banks for the week ending to-day
' chows: Loans, $857,005,400; decrease, $13,
; 3CS.500. Deposits, $204,090,300; decrease. $19,
i 062,000. Circulation. $31,929,300; increase, $50.
■ 300. Legal tenders, $70,7C0,CC0; decrease,
j $1,025,200. Specie. $101,048,800; decrease,
1 $3,410,000. Reserves, $231,809,400; decrease,
j $4,435,200. Reserve required, $226,024,075;
I decrease, $4,765,500. Surplus, $5,785,325; ln
; crease. $330,300.
; Ths Financier says: The traceable move
j ments of money this week, so far as they
i affected the bank statement, showed a loss
j to the banks of $1,700,000. The institutions
gained through receipts of new gold and for
bond purchases, and they also -gained through
the direct interior movement. The loss to the
! banks, however, was largely caused by Internal
1 revenue and customs payments Into the treas
[ ury. which more than offset disbursements by
i that office for pensions and for January Inter
est. The banks also lost through transfers of
money to Xew Orleans. It may "be noted that
the payments by the Treasury for unmatured
bonds were quite small, amounting to only
$214,200, and It seems likely that the offerings
of these bonds to the Treasury will continue
light for the remainder of the year. The bank
statement shows even a gerater loss of cash
than that above indicated. the decrease of
specie being $3,410,000 and of legal tenders
$1,025,200, making a" total of $4,435,200. Loans
were reduced by $13,308,500, making a reduc
tion of $24,546,600 In this item In two weeks.
Deposits decreased $19,200,000. which, with the
decrease in the previous week, makes a total
of $34,811,800. The reduction of $4,765,500 in
reserve requirements last week resulted in a
gain in surplus reserves of $330,300, notwith
standing the loss of cash. The surplus now
stands at $5,785,325. The specie in the bank3
i Is now $3,779,000 below the lowest of the year,
I which was recorded January 5. Compared with
I a year ago, however, the specie is $2,047,800
I higher. The surplus reserve is $573,800 more
than the minimum of thfe year, which was
! $3,211, G25 July C. but It is Ie3s by $3,711,075
than the surplus at the corresponding date in
1000. It seems quite possible that part of the
derangement in loans observable last week was
due to some shifting incident to the payment
of about $30,000,000 for new Illinois Central
j stock and for nearly $8,000,000 of New York
I City bonds. It appears unlikely that the re
j duction of $13,308,500 in this Item was wholly
due to liquidation of speculative accounts on
the Stock Exchange, and hence it is fair to
assume that the large transactions such as
i above were responsible for the decrease. There
I still doubtless will be an increase in cash and
in surplus reserves after the beginning of the
new yrar, judging from such movements In
previous years. In January of the current
I year there was a steady gain In cash each 1
week, and by January 2G the cash had been
augmented $33,267,600 and the surplus had in
creased from $14,150,075 on the 5th to $30 793 -
450, the maximum of the year on the above
date. In this interval loans were expanded
and deposits rapidly rose toward the $1,000 000 -
000 mark, which was reached February 16. '
CLOSING.
LONDON, Dec. 21. — Anaconda. 5%: Atchl
son 60% ; Atchlson preferred, 103%; Canadian
Pacific, 116%; Denver and Rio Grande 44% •
Denver and Rio Grande preferred, 90% • North
ern Pacific preferred, 102; Southern Pacific
6234; Union Pacific. 1C5% Union Pacific pre
ferred, 91%. Bar sliver, dull, 25y.d per ounce
Money, 3%@4 per cent. * ounce.
HOPS — Pacific Coast, £3 3s@£3 13 8 .
: Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $170,613,631; gold, $115,547,345
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— FLOUR— Receipts
8700 barrels; exports, 15,900 barrels; firmer and
moderately active. Winter patents, $3 75@4
winter straights, $3 45@3 50; Minnesota pat
ents, $3 40@4 10; winter extras, $2 S0®3 10-
Minnesota bakers', $2 95@-3 35; winter low
grades. $2 C0®2 70. -
WHEAT— Receipts, 14,250 bushels; exports
83,830 bushels;, spot, firm. No 2 red 87 W
f. o. b afloat; No. 2 red, 84%c elevator; No
1 Northern Duluth, 85%c f. o. b. afloaf No
1 hard Duluth, 93%c f. 0. b. afloat Oi°
tions opened very firm and were so all
the morning on demand from shorts The
chief buying motives were strong cables re
ports of Southwest crop damage, light nit of
ferings and email Northwest receipts Closed
firm at %<8>9ic net advance. March closed at
8«T4c; May, 85%®86%c. closed at 8te"ju?y
closed SoTAc; December, 83 13-16@84%e, closed
HOPS — Dull. Pacific Coast, 1001 croD 110)
15c; 1900 crop. S@12c; 1899, C@9c. Pf "®
HIDES— Steady. California, 21 to 25 pounds
19%c. '
WOOL— Quiet Domestic fleece, 25@>2Cc
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady. No 7 invoice
6%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 7%@llc. j Futures
closed firm and 5@10 points higher Total
sales, 30,000 bags. Including: December 6 GOc-
January, 0.<J5c; March, 6.75@<j.80c; May 6 95
@7c; July. 7.15c; September, 7.3C@7 40c' •
SUGAR— Raw, easy. Fair refining 3 '5-32c
centrifugal, I»6 test, 3 ll-16c; molasses sugar'
3 l-32c. Refined, quiet. No. 6, 4.20c- No 7'
4.10c; No. 8, 4c; No. 9, 3.'J5c; No • 16 3 90c :
No. 11. 3.85c: NO.--12, 3.85c; No. 13,' 3.80c-"No'
14, 3.80c; standard A, 4.70c; confectioners 1 a'
4.70c; mold A, 5.25c; cut loaf, 5.40c; crushed'
5.30c; powdered, 5c; granulated. 4.80c; cubes'
5.76c. '
BUTTER — Receipts, 4500; firm. State dairy'
19S23c; State creamery, 21@25c; June cream
ery, 15@21%c.
EGGS— Receipts,. 3000 packages; eteady
Western .at mark. 16@23%c.
" / > > ., I DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples , ruled dull
and featureless. State common to 'good 6®
8%c; prime, OigOUc; choice, 0%@9-'«c; fancy
10@10%c. ..... . ,. '*, '. . y<
California dried fruits were Inactive^ but
APRICOTS— Royal. 10@Uc; Moorpark, 0%
@13c. . "■ ',-■.: . ' . -' .• :. ..- . . ... .:..
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@19c; unpeeled, 7@
lQ%c.;^; ; .;• ... _ : . ; ■, .% , . ... ,. ;
Ch tea go Grain Market.
vr- ■ — ■—— — ■ j?
CHICAGO, Dec. 21.— Trade . In the wheat pit
was good throughout the short session and the
tone ruled uniformly strong. ■ News, was bull
ish, and there seemed to be much the same
sort of market that started the big bull move
ment two j weeks ago. Cables were well ad
vanced and the foreign demand. both here and
at the seaboard was considerable.- \ The'general
cash demand picked up materially and commis
sion houses and professionals '.' were buying.
The Impression was present that much of buy
ing was for Wall street. Tills stimulated a
local Interest and sent . shorts scurrying for
cover. Wheat was scarce In the pit all day.
May opened up at80%@SO%c, dropped
to 80 &C on profit-taking and advanced stead
ily to 81^@SlV4c; It. closed strong %6 up at
81c.-. .- .: ■ : ■.■■... : • ,
Corn was firm but showed.no such bullish
enthusiasm as wheat. --May closed firm ftc
higher at 67c.
Uats had a. dull, narrow market. May closed
ftc higher at 45%@45i,4c. ;
Provisions were dull but. somewhat firmer
under the' influence of some outside buying,
small offerings and the wheat strength. May
pork closed 10c higher, lard us up and ribs
z&c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows: .
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 3—
December .. 76% 77*6 76% 77}a
May 8Ui 81 \i 80*, 81
July :.. 80% SIVfe 80ft 80Ji
Corn. No. 2—
December ;. (il J ,s QM'a 63% 64
May .......: C7*4 07Vi 60% 67
July ..:..... 6tJ% 6C?i CO>/j 66^4
. Oats No. 2— '
December : ; 44% 44% 44Vi H%
May. ;; 45Vi 45% " 45^ 45Vi
July ; 3S% 39% 38% 30
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 10 35 . 10 37»& 10 35 , 10 31Vs
May .10 72 16 85 10 70 10 82 &
■ Lard, per 100 pounds —
January 9 70 0 72% 0 70 0 72^
May -9 72% 0 80 9 72% 9 77%
-Short Ribs, per. 100 pounds —
January 8 37% 8 37% 8 33 8 37%
May ..8 57& 8 62% 8 55. 8 60
Cash quotations wen* as follows: •
Flour, quiet! winter patents, $3 70@3 90;
straights, ?3 30@3 70; clears, $3@3 40; spring
specials, $4 30; patents, S3 80; straights, $3 10
@3 20: No 2 spring- ' wheat, 77@78c; No. 3
spring, 74@77c;- No. 2 red. 83@85c; No. 2 oata,
4Gy 4 @i7c( No. .2 white, 48%@49Mc; No. 3
white, 47%@49c; No. 2" rye, G5%@60c; fair to
choice malting barley. 5C@61c; No. 1 flax seed,
$157; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 C9; prime timo
thy seed, $6 40@0 50 1 mess pork, per barrel,
$15 25@15 35; lard, per 100 pounds, $9 70@
9 72%; short ribs sides (loose), $8 30@8 40;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c; short
clear-aides '(boxed), 53 70@S 80; whisky; basis
of high wines, $1 32 j clover, contract grade,
$9 40. ■•■•-■. - - ' ■ <;■■■ ■
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour* barrels 45,000 25,000
Wheat, bushels .....;... 51,000 24,000
Corn. bushels ...*>>«.».. 105,000 • 94,000
Oats, bushels ......... 1. 149, 000 101,003
Rye, bushels ....... 22.000 9,000
Bariey, bushels ........ 68,000 11,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creams, 15@24c; Dairies, 14
©20c. Cheese, firm, 9%@10%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 28c. ;
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL. • ■
Wheat — ' • . March.' May.
Opening 6 2% ;•" 63%
Closing ...:...... 8 2% . 6 3%
PARIS, '
Wheat— Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening 22 05 22 85
Closing ...22 20 22 80
Flour — - ; -
Opening 27 85 28 75
Closing •....;, 27 85 28 80
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. 21.-M3ATTLE — Receipts,
10,000; steady at the decline ' of . the week.
Good to prime nominal, $6@7; poor to medium,
$3 80@4 80; stockers and feeders, $2@4; cows,
$l<g:4 00; heifers. $1 60@5 25; canners, $1@2;
bulls, $1 76@2 40; Texas fed steers, $2 73@5.
HOGS — Receipts, 22,000; elow and weaker,
lOo lower. ■• Mixed and butohers, $5 75@0 25;
good to choice heavy, $6 15® 6 50: rough heavy.
$5 80<2f6 05; light, $5@5 75; bulk of sales,
$5 75@6 25. '
■ SHEEP— Receipts, 1500; sheep, very, dull;
lambs; very -dull. Good to choice wethers, $3 50
©4; fair to choice mixed, $2 60®3 25; Western
sheep, fed,* $3@4 75: native-lambs, $2 00® 5;
Western lambs, $44f5.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Dec. 21.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 250; market steady. Natives, $3@7;
cows and heifers, $1@5; veals, $2C0@5 25; bulls
and stags, $2@4i85; stockers and feeders, $2@4.
•■ HOGS— Receipts, 10,300; market steady.
Light and light mixed, $5 4506 30; medium and
heavy, $6(30 50; pigs, $3@4 50. - - ..
SHEEP— Receipts, 85; steady. Top lambs,
$5 25. • •
Exports and Imports.
NEW .YORK, Dec. 21. — The exports of dry
goods and merchandise at the port of New
York for this week are valued at $11,013,341.
The imports of specie this week were $10,3SC
gold and $18,108 silver.
The exports of specie from this port to all
countries for this week aggregate $009,210 sil
ver and $133,000 gold.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— Rumor had it that a
sale was made last night of Lake Superior cop
per at $12. This could not be confirmed, and
the principal houses still hold the price at $1.'J,
electrolytic at $12 87% and casting at ?12 50.
The market was unsettled and weak at the
close.
■ Tin, while no change In values was reported,
continued weak and with any bear pressure
prices" will give way further. The close was
weak at $22 50®23.
Lead was dull at $4, while spelter was nom
inally, as before quoted, at $4 45.
Iron was without change, but steady In tone.
Plgiron warrants, $10 50@ll 50; No. 1 foundry,
Northern, $15 50@10; No. 2 foundry, Southern,
$14 50@15 50: No. 1 foundry. Southern, $15 50
@16; No.1 1 foundry, Southern, soft, $15@17.
No cable advlcea from abroad.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Deo. 21. — The cotton market
opened quiet and firm, 2 to 5 points higher,
and closed .firm with prices 3 to 9 points net
higher.
Portland's Business. '
PORTLAND, Dec. 21. — Clearings, $3S3,673;
balances, $43,637.
Northern Wheat Market.
. . OREGON.
PORTLAND! Dec. 21.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 60c; Valley, 00c; Blue Stem, 61c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 21.— WHEAT- Quiet and
steady; Blue Stem, 60c; Club, 59c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. 21. — Consols, 04%@94 ] /id;
silver, 25%d; French rentes, lOOf 40c; wheat
cargoes on passage, ' sellers at advance 3d; No.
1 standard California, 29s 9d; English country :
markets, steady. . . j
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 21.— Wheat, firm; No. I
Standard California, 6s 4%d@6s 5d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady; French
country. markets, dull; weather in England,
cold; cotton, uplands, 4 21-32d- 1
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion. \
Sterling Exchange. CO days... — $4 84%,
Sterling Exchange, sl^ht — 487^,
Sterling Cables — . 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight... — - - -, .07%.
New York Exch'ge, : telegraph . — ■ 10 ■ '
Silver, per. ounce.-. — 55V4
Mexican Dollars, nominal.... — - 44%
. Wheat 'and Other [Grains. *
WHEAT— The foreign ■' . markets were firm,
with higher Paris and Liverpool futures. The
world's- shipments for 'the week were about
7.0C0.C00 bushels, with some decrease on pas
sage.- . ■
i Chicago was firm at a slight advance. Tha
situation looked bullish.' Country buyins was
again noticeable and there was also large com
mission and outside purchasing-. St. Louis re
ported 1 good foreign buying.: Minneapolis stocks
increased sllKhtly. .
This -market was a fraction firmer on the
spot and several fractions higher on gall.
Spot Wheat — Shipping. $1.02%@l 03%; mill
ing, n 05@l 07% per ctl. . : • - -. '
- CALL BOARD SALES. . ...'■:.
' Informal Session— 0:15 ' o'clock— May— 2000
ctls, $1 07%- : • '
Second Session — December— 2000 ctls, $1 03%.
. Regular Morning Session 1 — May — 1000 j ctls,,
. $1 07%.' ' ;
' BARLEY-rrClosed th« week firm at full fig
ures. ,.-.' ........ .. ■. .v, _-.,.-•.'..- '.. -'-.'•'-..
Feed, 78%@80c for choice bright, 77%c for
No. 1 and 72%@75c for off grades; brewing and
shipping grades, 82%@85cj Chevalier, 80c®$l
Per ° * ~ CALL BOARD SALES. '
Informal Session— 8:15 o'clock — No Bales.
Second Session— No sales.
J Regular Morning Session — No sales. . ; ■* — ,
- OATS — Continue firm at previous prices, with
a very fair demand. . . . • •
Grays $1 12%@1 20 for feed and $1 20@l 25
for seed; whites, $1 15@1 30: Surprise, $1 30® >
1'35; black, $1@1 18% for feed and $1 15®
1 22% for seed; red, $1 12%@1 20 per ctl for
feed and $1-2501 37% for seed. .
CORN — There Is nothing new In this market.
The demand is light and prices are not
firm Large Yellow, $1 35(81 37%; • small
round do, $1 35@1 45; white, $1 35@1 42% per
cental.
RYE — 75@S0c per cental.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
"-. ■ ••>", : - -"
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 250
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers',
$2 75@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks . are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4©4 25; Cracked
Wheat. S3 50; Farina, $4 50: Whole wheat
Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $0 S5@
8 35;' iri . sacks. ?6 50®8; Pearl Barley, $3;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
. Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran went up 50c again. Offerings are much
lighter than they were. Otherwise there Is
nothing new. The feeling in Hay Is weak and
dealers find It difficult to obtain full figures.
BRAN — $17 50@18 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $18 50@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16®1T per
ton; Oilcake Meal at, the mill, $27023; Job
bing. $23 50@2i>; Cocoanut Cake. $20®21; Corn
Meal $31@31 50: Cracked Corn, $31 50@32;
Mixed Feed. $10@17. .„„.„
HAT— Wheat, $9@11; fancy, $11 60® 12;
Wheat and Oat. $8®11: Oat. $7@10j Barl-/?
and Oat $7®9; Alfalfa, $809 50; Clover, $C@i;
Volunteer, ?5 50(38; Stock, $5@7 per ton. .
STRAW— 30@47%c per bale. ;
. . . * . ... Beans and Seeds.
Quotations remain unchanged. Both Beans
and Seeds continue dull.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 30@2 40; 8mall White,
$2 75@3 15; Large White. $2 80®3: Pea, $3 50
@4;- Pink, $1 80(32 10; Red. $2 50@3; Black
eye $3 50@3 CO: LImas. $4 25@4 60; Red Kid
neys, $3 50@3 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard. $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 40@2 60; Ca
nary, 3V4@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from
Utah. 8%c; Rape, 1%@1%c: Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS — Niles, $1 25®1 65; Green,
$1 23®1 50 per ctl. • -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes came In heavily again, receipts be
ing 12,711 sks, Including 6380 from Oregon.
Prices showed no decline, however. The ar
rivals of Onions were also liberal, being- 1744
sks, 1719 being from Oregon. They, too, were
unchanged.
' Lcs Angeles vegetables continue to advance,
being scarce. The amount of damage by the
recent 'freeze has not yet been determined.
POTATOES — 80c@$l 10 for Burbanks from
the river: Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@l 60; Ore
gon Burbanks, $1 25® 1 CO; River Reds, (1 60;
Sweets, $1 for Merced.
ONIONS— $ per ctl; Oregons, $1 60®2.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas from Los An
geles. 9@12%c; String Beans from Los Angeles,
12Vj@20c; Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl; Toma
toes, 75c@$l ; Loa Angeles Tomatoes, $1 25@
1 75 per box and $1 75(ff2 per crate; Dried Pep
pers,' 0@17%c per lb; Dried Okra, 12%@20o
per lb;' Carrots, 25@35c per. sack; Cucumbers,
25@50c; Garlic, 1%&"2%c; Green Peppers, 35©
50c per box for Chile and 35@50o for Bell; Egg-
Plant from Los Angeles, 12 %@15o; Summer
Squash' from Los "Angeles, $1 25@1 75; Marrow
fat Squash. $5(38 per ton: Hubbard Squashh,
$5@8;. Mushrooms, nominal.
.. Poultry and Game.
Poultry continues firm and cleaned up,, the
demand being good except for poor stock. Live
and dressed Turkeys are firmer. Other kinds
remain unchaneed.
Game stands the eame. Receipts were 100
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15®18c; Live
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 14@15c
for Hena; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings,
$2©>2 25; Ducks, $4@4 60 for old and |5®6
for young; Hens, $4 50® 5: young Roosters, $4 60
<3 5; old Roosters, $4 60@5; Fryers, $4®t 50;
Broilers, $404 CO for large and $3@* for
small; Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen for old and
$1 75@2 for Squaba.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1 25-
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $2@2 50; Canvasback, $1 60@3; Sprig.
$1 50@l 75; Teal, 75c@$l; Widgeon, $1;' Small
Ducks. $1; Black Jack. $1; English Snipe. $2;
Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese, $3; -White Geese,
51 25; Brant, '$1 60@2 per dozen; Honkers, $3
@4 CO. . .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The firmness In Butter and Eggs continues,
and stocks of fine grades are light. Prices re
1 main as before.
Cheese remains as previously quoted.
Receipts were 25,400 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 489 cases of Eggs,
cases of Eastern Eggs, 2800 pounds of
California Cheese and 800 pounds of Oregon
Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 25<g>26c per lb for'fancy
and 20@23c for seconds; dairy, 17%® 22c;
store Butter, 14@17c per lb; Creamery Tub, 20c;
Pickled Roll, 18@19c; Keg. 16@18c per lb.
CHEESE — New. 12o; old, 10%@ll%c; Young
America, 13c per lb; Eastern, 13® 15c. ■ 1
j EGGS— Ranch, 34@35c for selected large,
31@33c for good to choice and 30@32o for fair;
store, 24ffi27%c per dozen; cold storage, 20®
25c; Eastern, 20@26c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There Is a good movement In fancy Apples.
The Humboldt steamer brought 453 boxes, and
a car of fancy red will be in from Oregon to
morrow.
Three cars, and perhaps more, of Oranges,
will be offered at to-morrow' a auction, which
will be the last this year. The market on cit
trus fruits remains about the same. There was
some shipping on the Sound steamer, which
Ealls to-day. , • •
What la said to be the last car of Eastern
Cranberries of the season came In yesterday,
and is already well Bold out.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 50@l 75 per box for extra, 75c
C$1 25 for good to choice and 25060c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples, $1@1 25.
PEARS — Winter kinds, 75c@J2 60 per box.
QUINCES — 40@50c per box
PERSIMMONS — 20fo50c per bo*
CRANBERRIES— Eastern, $10@ll per bar
rel; Coos Bay. $2 50@2 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75c®$l
for standards, $l@l-25 for choice and $1 5u@2
for fancy; Seedlings, 75c@$l 25; • Tangerines
75c@-$l; Japanese Mandarins. 75c@$l; Lemons"
50c@$l for common and $1 50©2 for good to
choice, and $2 50@3 for fancy; Grape Fruit, $2
@3; Mexican Limes, $4@4 60; Bananas, $1 75M
2 75 per bunch fcr New Orleans and 75c®$l 75
for Hawaiian;, Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits/ Nuts and Raisins:
The market continues firm and unchanged,
with a stood demand.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7©8%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 7@8%c; sun-dried 3%@4%c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears, 4@8c; Plums pitted,
4%@8c; unpitted. l@2c; Nectarines 5@5%c for
red and 5V5@t$%c for white; Figs, 3@4c for
black and 3@3%c for white.
PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows:
S0-40's, 5V4@5%c; 40-50's. ' 4%®5%c; 60-60's,
4V4@4%c; 00-70's, 3%@4%c; 70-80's, 3%@3%c;
80-90's, 2%®3V4c; 00-100's. 2%@2%c perlb:
RAISINS — (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters —
Imperial, $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown, $1 CO; -London Layers — Three-crown,'
$1 35; two-crown, $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown, 5%c; three
crown. 5 Vic; two-crown. 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels." 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c^ Thompson
Seedless, G%c; Bleached Sultanas-— Fancy, 8%c;
choice, 7%c; standard, 6%e; prime, 6%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 6c. Bleached Thompson's —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy.. 10c; choice, 0c; stand
ard. 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded, 7c:
choice' seeded. 6%c; do -in bulk, fancy. 6%c;
choice. 6%c per lb. . ;. ■
NUTS — Chestnuts, 9@10c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell, • 9^0;: No. 2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshell,
9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, ll@12c for papershell,
9@10c for softsh'ell and 6f 7c for hardshell;
Peanuts. B@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts 12tf»
12%c; Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, Il'@i3c;
Cocoanuts, $3 50®5. . ■
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10gi
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted,
5@tic; light amber, extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX-— 27%@29c per lb. .- ' . ( ,.
: . Chicago was firmer again, but dull. . Private
reports say: "Speculators own the property."
This market . continues quiet at previous
prices.
.CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light. medium,' 13%c for light,
14%c for : extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; California
Hams,- 12%c; r Mesa Beef, $10@10 60 per barrel;
extra Mess. $11@11 50; Family. $12®12 60;
.prime. Mess Pork, $15; extra clear, $22 50@23;
Mess, $18 50© 19; Smoked Beef. 13%@l4o per
pound. . . . . .. '.'•-.
•LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8%c per. lb -.for*
compound and .. 11% c for pure; half barrels.
pure, ll%c; 10-lb tins. 12&C; 6-lb tins. 12%c;
3-lb tins,- 12%c. ... _■- .' .- . .
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels.- 10c; one tierce, 0%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 0%c per lb.
Hides, 'Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c. under quotations; Heavy salted
Steers. \lc; medium. 10c; light,- 9%c; Cow
Hides. 9%c for heavy and 0@9%c for light;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 0%o; Salted Veal, 9%c;
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c; Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, ISc; Culls and Brands,
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool. 40@GOc each; medium, C0®85c; long
Woo). SOc@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt,
$2 50@2 75 for larg<> and |2@2 25 for medium,
$1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 25tfl 50 for me
dium. $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 6c per lb; No. 2.
WOOL — Spring. 1900 or 1901 — Southern, de
4%@5c; grease, 3c.
fective. 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine,
13@15%e; do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; Ore
gon, Eastern, choice. 11 (g 13c; do, fair to good,
9@llc; Nevada, 10@12c.
Fall — San Jcaquin, C@Sc; San Joaquln
Lambs', 7%@0c; Middle County, 8®10c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9®10c; do. defective. Sfiu^
per lb.
HOPS — 9@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. - Local dealers quote 10®13s
for shipment .
San Francisco Meat Market:
The market rules firm, but no further ad
vance Is reported.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are an follows:
BEEF — 7%©8%c for Steers and 6%®7c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL — Large, 7©8%c; small, 8@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. «3S%cj Ewes, 7%®&c
per lb.
LAMB— 9@9%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs, 5%c;
under 150 lbs, 6%(g-5%c; sows, 20 per cent off;
boars, 30 per cent off. and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations;, dressed Hogs,
7@8%a ■
General Merchandise. , ■
GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; lo
cal make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32335c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c^
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. |7: Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, f 5 60; Wallsend, $3 50; co-operative Walls
end, $8 60; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 23
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $10;
Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 00 per ton, according
to brand.
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No. I,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
65c; raw, 63c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 56c for 1
boiled and 54c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil, i
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases, 90c;
China Nut, 65@72o per gallon; pure Neatsfoot,
In barrels. 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white, 40@43c per gallon;
Fish OH, barrels, 37%c; cases. 42%c; Cocoanut
Oil, barrels, 63%o for Ceylon and 58%c for
Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 25c: Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; In
cases, 21%e; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases,
20% c; 86-deKree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c; In
cases, 26%e.
TURPENTINE— 68%c per gallon In cases
and 522 in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.30c;
Powdered, 5.15c; Candy Granulated. 5.15c;
Dry Granulated, 6.05c; Confectioners' A. 5.05c;
Fruit Granulated, 6.05c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only). 4.95c; Magnolia A. 4.65c: Extra
C. 4.55c; Golden C, 4.45c; D. 4.35c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more:
50-lb bags, 10c more. ? T o orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos,
half -barrels, 5.86c; boxes, 6.80c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. DECEMBER 21.
Flour, qr sks... 2,80O< Middlings, sks.. 250
Wheat, ctls 5«,337 Hay. tons...... 410
Barley, ctls ... 11,230 Straw, tons .... 22
Oats, ctls 410 Hops, bales 2r,
Corn, ctls ...... 703 Wool, sks 113
Tallow, ctls .... ' 250 Wine, gals ..... 50,600
Sugar, ctls .... 2,000 Leather, rolls .. 43
Beans, sks 2 Raisins, bxs ... 1,000
Potatoes, sks... 7.298 'Pelts, bdls 8.4S4
Onions, eks 2.1 Hides, No 372
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 14. 7S0I Potatoes, sks . . 6,380
Onions, sks .... 1,719 Oats, ctls 460
STOCK MARKET.
«~ — — »
There was no change worthy of note on the
Bond Exchange, business being light. There
was nothing new in the oil stocks. .
Sales .on the Producers' Oil Exchange last
week amounted to 27,937 shares, valued at
$10,723, the leading- gales .being: as follows:
Apollo, 1000 shares; Bear Flag, 4200; California
Standard, 2500; Four Oil, 2160; Junction, 2200;
Petroleum Center, 8000; Reed, 1300; Sovereign,
10e0; Lion, 6000; Monarch of Arizona. . 2400.
The Columbian Banking Company has de
clared a dividend at the rate of 6 per cent per
annum, payable January 2.
The Mutual . Savings Bank has . declared a
dividend of 3 per cent per annum on all de
posits, payable January 2.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Dec. 21—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar reg.lll%112Vi!3s quar coup.l0S% —
4s qr 0 (new)139%140 4s quar cp..H2v4113}4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CPC 5s. 108 «410S% 1 Oceanic 5s..— 105
Cal-st 6s 119 — Ombus C 6s. 130 —
C C Wat Ss.lll — Pac G Im 4s. 95»1 —
EML&P68. — — Pk&CH6s..— 112
Fer&C H 68.120 — Pk&O R 6s . . 121 —
Geary-st Bs. — 100 Powl-st R 6s.ll8%120 "
H C&S 6&s.. — — Sac EGR 5s. 96 —
Do 56 — 109 SF & SJV5s.l20%124
L Ang R 6s. — 120 Sierra Cal 6s — —
L A Lght 6s.l01% — S P of Ar 6s
Do gtd 6S.10O — (1909) 113%114U
Do gtd 6s.lO2% — (1910) .... — —
L P & A Bs. 99 — S P of Cal Cs
Do lem 5s. 101 103 (1905Sr A.107Til08»4
Mkt-st C 68.127% — (1905)Sr B.10S% —
Do lem 5s. — 123 (1906) 110UU1
N R Cal 6s.. — 115 (1912) 120 —
Do 5s 121%122Vi S P Cal 1st
N Pac C 6s. 107% — c rntd 5s. 110 —
N Cal R 6s.ll2%113% S P BrCalCs.136 —
Oak Gas 53.113 114V4 S V Wat 6s.lll%112%
Oak Tran 6s. 124 125% Do 4s ....102% —
Do 1st cos.111 112 Do 4s 3d mlO04il01%
Oak W g 5s..lO4% — Stkn Gas 6s. 102 104%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 74% 70 (Port Coata.. 68% 60
Marin Co.... 58 — Spring Val.. S6% 80%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% 2%iPac Light..; 45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3 3% ; Sacramento . — 33
Mutual — 5%' S F O & E.. 43^ 44
O G L & H. 51 — San Fran By* 5%
Pas Gas Imp — 40 I Stktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.245 — /
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 79% — L P & A 1C2 170
California ..416 420 Mer-Ex (liq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.110 — S F Nationl.135 —
First Natnl.325 350
. SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1925 — Sav & Loan. — 00
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav.315 —
Mutual Sav.. 60 — Union Trst..l80O — '•■"
S F Sav U. .625 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..140 — Market — 88
Geary — 00% Presidio 33% —
POWDER.
Giant 81 84MlVlgorit — 5
SUGAR.
Hana — .5 , Kilauea .... — 12 '
Hawaiian ..34 — tMakaweli .. 24%
Honokaa .... 10' 10% Onomea .... 22
Hutchinson .14 15 I Paauhau ... 10 10%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 168 171 Oceanic S C 40 — $■
Cal Fruit As. — 100 Pac A F A. . 2%
Cal Wine As. 87% 89 Pac C Borx.165 —
Mer Exehge.110 — Par Paint... 15 .-■:—";-:
Morning Session.
Board — . .
■ 20 Alaska Packers' Assn ............169 60
$3000 Bay Counties Power Co 5 per ct.108 25
6 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co. 43 75
5 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co. 43 62%
60 Spring Valley Water 88 60
PRODUCERS*. OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. -
Board —
800 Four 48
300 Home (b 90) 8 40
300 Home 3 25
600 Junction 24
1000 Junction (s 90) at
600 Junction 25 '
100 Peerless (b 90) 6 25
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the ' sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: ...
■ . . .-' ■ Morning Session.
5C0 Belcher ..... 11 200 Ophir ..' '. 7J.
400 Best & Belch. 13 200 Overman .... 09
■ 3C0 Caledonia .... 22 300 Potosl : : 04
S 700 Gould & Cur. 03 500 Savaga .;.... (H
600 Justice .07 500 8eg Belcher... 02
1000 Mexican 88 1500 Sierra Nev... 18
.300 Mexican ..... 87 200 Union Con... 13
The following- were the sales In the* Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1700 Best & B^lch. 13 f 3CO Ophlr ....... Tl
500 Best & Belch. 12|400Ophir 70
ICO Con Cal & V.I «0 200 Ophir <O
500 Gould & Cur. 03 200 Ophir 6M
400 Mexican SS 100O Overman 00
1C0 Mexican — . . . 37 300 Savage (H
200 Mexican ; SG 500 Sliver Hill... 32
1W) Mexican ..... 35 200 Union Con... 13
500 Mexican 34
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATUP.t>AY, I>ec. 21—12 m.
., . Bld.Ask. Bld.AsS.
A'Pna ► , -,.. 02 Justice 07 OS
Alt* > 03' OC Kentuck — 02
Andes ,.....; 01 (K Lady Wash.. 01 —
Belcher ..... 13 13 Mexican 29 :«>
Best & Belch. 13 14 1 Occidental ... <« 04
Bullion .....; — 02|Ophlr t feS 69
Caledonia 1 .... 23 26 Overman .... OS 0!>
Challenge Con 13 15 Potosl 03 Ol
Chollar 03 05 Savage 03 04
Confidence ... 63 60 Scorpion — 04
Con .Cal & V.I 53 1 CO Seg Belcher.. 02 CO
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nev... 17 13
Con New Yk. 01 — Silver Hill... 33 33
Crown Point.. 02 03 St Louis ..... — 04
Eureka Con.. 20 — Standard .... — 3 BO
Exchequer . . i — - 02 Syndicate .... — OH
Gould & Cur. Oi 05 Union Con., i* 11 12
Hale & Norc. 13 '14 Utah .; 06 07
Ju »a ■. — 01 Yellow Jacket 00 10
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RXTSS HOUSE.
Miss B M Cunningham, Mrs Gruber. Montague)
Colorado Springs Miss M Gruber. Mon-
Mlss J K Cundway, tague
Colorado Springs F E Lewis, Napa
t rr s^ Langgath, Colo C D Forrest. St Helen*
i?,^'?, 011 ' V? 1 J 1 A Martin, St Helen*
G McMullen, Humboldt L B Hastings, Cal
H W Taylor Sacto W B Ballon & w, M.as»
G L Lewis, Lake Co D J Klnzie. Boston
E F Armstrong, Cal A Kempson A w, Cal
2r I i, Hutson " Ch 'cago P B Smith. Stanford
} V , C £ Iark " H Brack A w. San Jose>
Mlsa Clark. Berkeley J Erickson & w. Cal .
Miss Snow. Berkeley C Carlson & w, Cal
F J Chapman & fy, W P Smith, San Jos«
/> i? w . a ., E c Cunningham, Chlo
C Grifton, Mich w "W Miller. Nev City
L Kent, Oakland J W Duley. Pacto
y* s *tt°n. Chicago E A Stltes. Healdsbrg
J P Langford. L Gatos C A Michaels, Ohio
M H Covert, Berkeley J Oldham A w. N Y
H T Ordley, Berkeley Miss T Oldham. N T
I O Hunt, Los Ang H A Howard, Redding
J N Fogarty, Ventura Mrs H C Flornoy. Hi
A McAndrews. Mo Miss C Gausner, Cal
F W Luther & w. Cal Miss Eva Lee. Quincy
W D Holland & w. Cal Miss Ral Ford, Quincy
E Christiansen. Cal H R Kinney.Richmnd,
Dr F E Carmlchael, A Towe A w, San Jos3
Eureki : - t, F Brodle, Pt Reyes
TMcGaw, Ft Bragg H K Stone, Nome
W H Erown & fy. Cal A W Earlerby, Nora©
F I. Winter, Hawaii ' E Wiley, panvUls
New western hotel.
F S Kelly. "Texas ■ H Madison. Sacto
F J Edwards. Oakland J McKlnley Vallejo
D Sullivan. Manila C C Calhoun, Spokane)
J J Mannie. Vallejo A L Patton, Little-
F Aruda. Arizona Mrs Patton, Little
J Mailler, Arizona G Bacon. Manila
GBalkes. Arizona ' J M Hoover. Manila
P.L. Porter. Stroud. Ok J Gill Manila
Mrs Porter. Stroud, Olt H L Webber. Manila
F Crfsslb, Arizona T Cummlnjj, Manila
Mrs Cassib, Arizona R Rowe Pt Richmond
F Backasson. Redding
OCEAH TRAVEL.
Pacftic Coast Steamship Co.
it Steamers leave Broadway
fjW- Wharf. San Francisco:
KBESS& For Alaskan ports — 11 a. at.
EiaaPg?!s»fc. »ec. 2. 1. 12, n. -a. n. Jaa. 1-
»flrfe?Sv^H Chang© to company's itaam-
i8aJ2fc«X«il ers at Seattle.
. BKffiC^rtQi For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i WBgflBtaai c.>. Port Townsend. Seattlo.
*"■ Tacoraa. Everett and N«*
whatcom fWash.) — 11 a. m-.
D«e. *. r. 12. 17. 22. Tl. JaiL 1. Chans* f, 1 .^!
.nd°0%%%rr S n^t,r e o 1 r m Taco m ; «!
S 8 13 IS 23 H. Jan. 2.
'For San.blego. stopping ««JT a *, 8 *?T*.. ? H~
fcara. Port Los r Angeles i and B«<*°iHo < *f» An-
rel»)-Steamer Santa R£»». 8cnda»». 9 ». m-
Bteamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. » a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at SanU Cnw Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Sa*
LouJJ Oblspo). Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura. Rttenema East San Pedro. San Pedro
and Newport-Steamer Corona. Saturdays. »
""For Knsenad*. Mardalena Bay. Pan *>««•*
Cabo. Matatlan. Altata La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia and Quaymas (Mex.J-10 a. m.. 7th of eacS
month _,
For further information obtain tn« companr*
"•ThVcoiBpanT reserrea the rl«ht to eh*ne»
iteamen. sailin* days and hours of sallln*
wJtJiotit crevloxis notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Cen. Agents.
10 'Market st.. Ssn Francisco.
O, /?. ■■«" N, CO,
Only Ste«m«btp XjJ»» to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Ltne from Portland to all
points East. Through Ticket* to all
points, all rail or steamsT-iio and rail, at
IiOTVEST XIATXJS.
BTEAMSH TICSSTi INCLUDE BXBTHtnd MEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Dec. 14. 24, Jan. S 13
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
. ...„.,. Sails Dec. 19. 19. Jan. S. IS
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Montg'y. g.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMKRS WILL. LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ser First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing. ■■ .'.-.'. .
BS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, January 4th, 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU
. Thursday, January 30th. 1803
S3. NIPPON MARU nM
.Tuesday. February 25th. 1002
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight .and passage apply at company's of flea.
421 Market ("treet. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
HIW T0BK, SO0THAMPTOH, LC*DQ», PASIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg:, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Paul Jan. 1 ] Philadelphia ...Jan. 22
Zeeland Jan. 8 St. Paul ..Jan. 29
St. Louis Jan. 15lSt. Louis Feb. 5
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.'
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Haverford Jan. - 1 1 Southwark . . . . Jan. 23
Zeeland Jan. » Vaderland .... .Jan. 29
Frlerland Jan. 15 1 Kensington Feb. 3
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
VVVUUIVV>V*«VO DIRECT LINE TO TAHITI
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday, Dec. 26. 10 a. m,
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
• Jan. 4. '02, 10 a. m,
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday. Jan. 4, '02. 2 p. m.
i. D.SPHECKLS & BROS. CO., Ginsrai Issnts. 327 Harkoi St
Eap'1 Pasaager- CKca, 843 Uirfat SI, Par la. 7. Paafe tt
PANAMA R, R, 5 S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIftESr.
Cabin, M05; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
6. S. Leelanaw cails Monday, Cec. 23
6. S. Argyll tails Thursday, Jan. 2$
*>. *>. Lee'anaw *nils Monday. Feb. S
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Mark-t st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Ayent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How*
ard 3, Pier 10, 12 m.
TUCAPEL ....Deo. 23ILOA
AREQUIPA ....Jan. 4IPERTJ
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office, 31H California street.
BALFOTJR. GUTHRIB & CO.. Gen. Agents.
C0XPAONI3 GXITEIIAI.3 TKANSATLAHTIQ173
D1KECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .,^.._
Balling every Thursday, instead at <£?TflKz5>
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier U, cM&arQsa
North Klver, foot of Morton street.
First class to ilvrtt. 370 and upward. Second
class to Havre. US and upward. GSNERAIt
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, . 3] Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, S Montgomtr/ avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Rail-out' Ticket Arants.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
inrTwY^ ANIMAUEJO
. Steamah QEN. FRI3BI2 or MONTICELLO
I:4S «. m., J:U and 1:33 p. m.. except sua-
<3ay. tiunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Learoa
Vallejo 7a. n>., 11:30 noon. • p. m.. *xc*ps
Eunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:13 p. m. Fax* M
cents. Telephone Mala 1SCS. Landing an4
office, °l»S«r V Mission -str««t dock. HATCH
fijp.oa.
4344
REALTY SALES
PROMISE WELL
Agents Report Several
Large Transactions
During Week.
Approach of Holidays Causes
No Falling Off in
Purchases.
There have- been so many transactions
of Importance during the present month
In the realty line that the December rec
ord Is even better than had been antici
pated by many of the brokers. Of course
the sales of the William A. Piper proper
ties, all of which brought very good
prices at the auction rooms of G. H.
Cmbsen & Co., tend to swell the total for
December In excess of the regular trans
actions on tKe street But without these,
as the columns of The Call have given
fLmple evidence, the showing In the way
cf prices and in tne total sales would be
satisfactory.
The sales of several properties that hare
been recorded within the past few
months, each of which brought a profit
to the holder of the title, has afforded an
indication of the buoyancy whicli attends
the real estate situation just prior to the
closing of the year. Some facts of Inter
est have recently been given In this de
partment concerning the progress of the
market for realty In Los Angeles. The
costly bulldlng-s tn&t have been, erected
iin the south have made up an approxi
mate total of $4,000,000 In round figures
for the building improvements of the i
southern city for the year running from \
December 1, 1300, to December 1. 1901- The j
complete returns for San Francisco's !
building calendar year have not been
made up yet; but It Is a Elgnlncant fact
that the total of the Improvements in this
city es represented by contracts recorded
at the City Hall during the first six
months of the present calendar year, ap
proximated the figures officially sent out
for 1*03 Angeles as representing the build
ing progress of the entire year as defined
in the foregoing. ... i
The brokers have made some deals dur- j
Ing the past week and some others of re-
Cffft date, withheld for a time -by reason
of prudential considerations, are made :
public by them this morning. j
Taking also the report of the Building ,
Superintendent of Los Angeles, It appears.!
that the amounts expended for Improve- j
ments 1 in Los Angeles during the fiscal |
year from December 1, 1900, to December,
1901, aggregated $4,099,198. The structures
provided for by permits In the period
named are as follows:
Seventy-eight brick business buildlnrs, $680.
£3S; 4 brick and etcne residences, $33,050; 018
two-story fraaie residences, $1,425,069 60; 908
one-story frame residences, $939,165 60; 35
Xrazne etores, $42,254; 60 frame flats, $296,375;
6 churches. $55.SOO; 253' et&bles, ebeds. etc,
$44,539; 63 miscellaneous. $301,110; 637 alter
ations and additions, $277,000; 7 repairs on ac
count of fire, $2665; 113 removals, $21,772;
total number of bulldlnffs, 2730.
The comparison shows that the total
for Los Angeles during the year Is ap
proximately $1,600,000 in excess of the to
tal for the preceding year. The following
figures trace the course of building im
provements in Los Angeles for a series
cf years;
• ~£ jT~ §
TEAR. || % I
■ o ? :
1831 to 1892.... 878 $1,890,005 00 $1,142 50
1S32 to 1893.... 1,312 1.666,080 00 1,486 «>
1893 to 1894 1,785 2,409,347 00 2,056 60
1894 to 1895 2.4G2 3.910,968 00 3,062 00
1895 to 1S96 2,302 2,750.097 00 2.C21 65
1S96 to 1S37 2,004 2.534,052 00 2.203 t>5
1897 to 1S9S 1.7051 2,337.915 00 1.970 bO
1898 to 1899 1,7051 2,1»7,737 00 1.959 15
1899 to 1900 1.852| 2,489,006 00 2,366 90
1900 to 1901 2.730J 4,099.198 00 8,763 20
Total il8.735i$26.2S4,405 00;$22.532 00
Easton, Eldridge & Co. report the fol
lowing sales closed and pending for the
last ten daj*s:
Mrs. Charles Fella to Afiolph Meyer, 7 to 9
Dale place. off Golden Gate avenue, near
Leavenworth etreet, six flats, 40x60 feet, for
$S500; Maria F. Hunt to William B. Bush.
southeast corner of Twenty-fifth and Sanchez
streets, two flats for $4000: Morris Abraham
to Michael Gately, 825 to 827 Alabama street.
Bear Twentieth, lot 26x100 feet, four flats, for
52500; John Gale to Henry E. Bothln. 166 and
166*6 Tehama street, 105 east of Third, 25x70
feet, lour flats, for $2500; William Ehret to
F. Enconyand, 1136 Folsom street, north side,
near Seventh, lot 28x100 feet, store and flats
above, for $5500; Josie "Welch to Charles Has
eelgren. 325 Dore street, east side, naar Bran
nan, lot 2ox~B feet, four flats. 3 rooms, for
$1800; William Wharff to Julius Belmer. lot on
the northeast corner of Green and Lagmna
streets, 25x100 feet, for $3000; I. Peterson to
William R. King, 1247 Sanchez street, east
side, near Twenty-sixth, cottagre of 5 rooms
and bath, lor $1700; Harriet Goslln to George
Robinson. 8917 California street, south elde,
near First avenue, cottage of 6 rooms and
bath, for $3200; Heydenfeldt estate to John
3oyd. 156 Fifth Etreet, northwest tide, near
Howard, 50x80 feet, for $17,600, containing
Etores and flats; Charles Alpers to Antonio
Campi, five lots on the north elde of Chestnut
etreet. 12* :3 feet west of Van Ness avenue.
137:6x137:6 feet, for $4000; James A. Ritchie
to Mrs. Mary A. Brown, 459 Frederick street,
eouth side, near St&syan, 25x137:6 feet, modern
house, for $5C00.
Other Deals by Brokers.
Lyon & Hoag report the following re
cent sales:
For Rivers Brothers, $12,000. 100 lots
et the Potrero, near the Bite of the
Improvements the Santa Fe Railroad Com
pany Is making:; new flats on the north
line of Waller etreet, 134 feet east from
Shrader. with lot 23x100. for $7250; lot
and improvements at >>"os. 1275 and 1277 Pa
cific street, the property renting at $44 per
month, for $4CCO, J. Willis to H. Urban; 25:9x
115 on the east line of Howard street, 18 1
north from Twenty-sixth, for J. S. Bonneel
*o Henry West, for $1750; two flats on the j
east lire of Leavenworth street, twenty-two
feet south from Sacramento, with lot 23xS0
feet, for $5500; the last lot belonging to the
Potrero Land and Improvement Company in
the block bounded by Minnesota, Twenty-first
and Twenty-second streets, back of the new
Santa Fe shops eite. fcr $1200; two lots on the
east line of Tenth avenue, 175 feet north from
K street, each for $700 each; lot on
the east line of Hollis etreet, 50 feet south
Irom O'Farrell, 25x80, for A. Roth to Henry
Eschweiler. who will build three flats on the
l?^i ?°-j. I27 keroy P lac e. for Margaret J. :
Wheeland to Pater Martina for $J500- No 47
Juniper street, cottage with lot 25x80 for $1600
l°\ •'<' x ;37:6 on the north line of Page street,'
131:3 feet wert from Ashbury. for Mark
Mayer to W. B. Williams for $5500.
Rodger D. Mapee this week sold for C
C. Burr to Frank LIndsey a lot 27-0x120
feet on the north line of Filbert street
west of Fiilmore, for $1375. Mr. Lmdsey
will at once build two fine fiats, to cost
about $4250. The same agent has given
refusal to other parties of two lots above
In the same block. '
McEwen Bros, have Bold fifteen more
lots in the Santa Fe tract at Point Rich
mond this week. Considerable buildin* in
this tract is reported.
On Friday afternoon Bovee, Toy &
Sonntag closed a deal whereby the five
story Fair estate building at the corner of
Pacific and Front streets is leased for a
term of five years to the Potter "Wall
Paper Mills of New York, a concern hav
ing branches in most of the larger eitlrq
in the United States. „
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag sold this week
for H. J. Eberhardt to the D. E. Orrln
dia Company a 242-acre ranch seven miles
from Berkeley for $13,500. The ranch has
sixty-one acres in fruits, the balance be
ing gTain land. The appurtenances are
first class.
A. M. Speck & Co. report the sale for
Frederick Hellwig to John Pforr of the
lot, S2:Cxl20 feet, on the south line of Mc-
Allister street fifty-five east of Buchan
an. The lot has two frontages and is
covered by six houses. The price waa
521,500.
Jacob Heymann has sold twenty-five
lots, at $100 each, in San Francisco out
elde lands, blocks 1279, 1277, 1280 and 1143.
. Haltfsv j Hale'g. . ' j _'-_'_ Hale's. , | Hale's. Mf S | Hale>g.\^ \ aaia
We afc ready to . morrow an^ Tuesday with^^the most timely offers of .all in jm^ZSpbo 0003^^
"" zz Ribbons, Gloves. Neckwear, Silk Waii's. House Coats, Dolls, =
Bargain Tables of Fancy China, Handkerchiefs, Jewelry, Celluloid Pieces, Toys, Iron Wagons. Fine Things
VrlCAC F*l firV China (Bead the full particulars further on.) -- C^v*. Mori
T U3C3) I UlU-y V/IIIIIU* * Welcome news for late folks. We knew a good many of you would be so busy you couldn't buy till the last— then a lot of you viould be sure to JPOr , lYlClJ •
GLASSWARE. forget something. So here's your opportunity. ' ; Neckweap Initial Handkerchiefs
Here arc one and two and even . v :0£ ~ -— £ v . Fancy Suspenders Silk Reefers
tt&&3£3B$BsS£ Dressed Dolls. Waqons, Tricycles, Velocipedes HouseCoats
but are as valuable to you as ever. -■-■•: "'. " •' ,, \J * , / * m a man always has a «oft place m hu
On Table I *ds many as ever— fixsd up as well ai you could do Tricycle Wagons $3.75. Iron Wagons 90c. heaVt for a necktie, a handkerchief or a
Choice 25C .. H> VO^Self, and for much less money. ' J^^^^*™eg*£ Jg* ggg throughout; steel pal^of^spende^and he
SSl-lfflSS-- 8&MJBST 25c, 49c, 59c. 83C. ; Oh. my! just as high as you'd care to *o-and "f^tT^ySriu^T^ .. .<H t^^^n^^^on U. « a^tV^Sw"
Candlesucka gStoS^tow' as s tyles as there arc pieces. " '. „ -. ... " '" ' Hefv?f solid? weUnfadt with iron €0 Very Tempth.fi.
CrelL Pitches Toothpick Hold- We' knew a great many of you would put off buying till it was too late to Fine Trucks $2.49 axles, steel wheels. They measure 40 There is not a common out-of-dat* ityle
Glass VMes ' ' dress them Up yourself, so we had it done for you. Hook and ladder outfit. Three 4-foot \ inches. They're called "Hale's Flyer." among them. So new w , havei not *>««
On TaSc II. The best value is . g*J«ny th^w^n is 40 Inches long they Myio^^lVB the thin, for the guj "H^U^^XSBSTaffi
Choice 60c. At 98c— Doll and Outfit Worth $1.5O. w\u n m2ief SSuS B tV"n^h1n^; E tt£? ' 4j nc F s^'S^ ' ' r'T^J-'T'/T. TsfTo
Bohemian Vases Salad Bowls That is, it would, cost you that much If you bought doll and made clothes stand rough-and-tumble work. 48 inches long, $4 00. initial Handkerchiefs at JJ.OO, 9J.au
Cake Plates Celery Trays - yourself. t ,- ; $1 95 Express Wafions at 81.25. ana $2.00 a Box.
Handled Olives Cracker Jars . Wf»lt?n6 Desk** x> z 12x28 inches, good big solid ones with hardwood box and iron axles. It's the bar- jhew la a satisfaction in knowlnar that
S°n Tab!e X HI **' Are usefu7anase"fbleglffsf?r children. . aEg^ggfea «-»" •ttr.ctlon of the fourth floor to-morrow. . g"- S^Sf * JS *
On Table III. They become even more popular by rea- "^^^S^!| £\ TooICheStS £Sr? q&Ut^ln t££\£? tS?^*™
tt . r" OI TT y°C. son of the easy prices we have been able .^^M^^^ MwffiffiMmvh 4&K&&5 Ma=2[ Are still here in satisfactory variety. we boueht one-sixtu as many for e«h
Here s a rich variety: to mark them, as low as 9Sc and as high C»p^S^£#<| /E^^Z&SnwW' CHI tu u 11 u^a , nn A t f,; n J store separately.
SugarlS"" ' SSSoSSpot. &s W«3^ The boxes are all hardwood stained Men ' s Suspenders 75c a Box.
Celery Trays Cream Seta r» t . "1 u cm or^ MfflM&fcWl I 1 1 1 and varnished, in which are ffood usable This is the ■tartin* point for aa fln« a.
CrlSSe/jS: IX^es Rocking Horses $I.OO. S&MMm 1M|P WgMz^<<W^ tools. According to the number and size 1^
Nut Bowls Marmalade Jars Full regular size, padded saddles and 0F* ■ W^^ r^^^^^^'^l^vk vmi want vou nav all the wav from For those of C«r sunes, we h»ve
JLarge Bohemian Glass Vases j stirrups. A graat delight for the little c *R .t-^*^r «a aa 7 longer prices up to $3 a box^ I
0 O people. . ■ ' TMii'i 25cto $10.00. 0_ O
PIpntv of TroA Ornaments w As -*« - o^ e p y ia can s be^ust n^ \ he . 'Magic Lanterns 69c Other Presents for the Bovs.
rlClliy III' II t?" \Jm IIOBBEv^BH 13» big ones, but if you want larger ones we Of course that's the starting point. VlllCl 1 I \Z> <3 \5 B H 1/ s3 MXM* »-»Vrj*J«
* ' ... ?o ave x em . at evei T priced step, except From that you can go up- to $18.50, in- ■** - \ hi-Z;i~i^i\ TlnAo
And that, too, after three weeks of the fastest selling we ever had. Late folks go, up to < %& i.oo. Means a good deal to be eluding about every good style there is. Football* istrUciny t JSaes
will be glad to hear that, but.you should not be any later, than you can help. ££ t0 say that two ™°™ Christ- full and complete Boxing Gloves Tennis Bacqwets
As big and bright and dazzlihR as this stock is, it is bound to melt away in the IO-lnch Drums 75c r» - *.- r* «o Baseball Sets and Ixloves.
next two days. There are so many tempting pieces in unique and novel shapes Neat, prettily decorated red white and Printing Presses 9oC. That's what will delight the boys more than anything else and develop
and for so little money they're "worth coming to see. . H^I^^__ AH complete, even to the type. them, too. ■*„ •
jSI^ 00 Mloyes She II Be Proud Of |f? f dil^^j€P^ W
fSX^^^^^^S^^^thQa ' JSI'HaT I^^tCh'su^tS^V^ \\ M\ (flL Hving we couldn't sell gloves kjg X^a^^ £T :0mi'/
- **~. Vl S^ h X a C and lr c^iy ;ES ' ' 1 ' 5(> - ., ygjl// is the last thing we think of. • |^W'f^lf a \7 KPk51f1T^7 A? 1 11Y1 11*^7
Celluloid Toilet Sets $1.00. W^M^H W/// h^^ilsSS^s ** c weiry oeauiy ct l-uxury
WlllllvlVI 1 VllVW i^ViU %|/i»V/vro fiV^vpo''^!?^— lilt what we want We'll CO out r ** Mosey Than You Expected to Pey. T
250 of Them at Present Writing, and Every One of Them Worth $1.50. Sf£\* ' favor ' u ! 4 aaCe ° sUe °" ////A of our way as far as we can Lute folks will relish this. Even those who have bought
Here's a Christmas opportunity late folks /iH jump at. A%guWv? A V K I N G / 1\ to get it. ; *W Chnslmxs supply wvll be tempted to bwy more.
. C ° nto A" S ?l, b^ £te^ SmSSSl- eS&Pent-for^noiS / /<J\\ We haven't a elove we A cravat pin? A brooch? A chatelaine pin? A watch? Or perhaps a
new oval shap^^ It s the .best celluloid offer of the day^ , &,--t , ail • / i%V W« Hav-^a elc>ve w qf fof q to
MHNILUHt dt/d. bHAVlNb i£/0. portance, is our / A W, \ i^cn'r Wn tVinrnno-lilv tnVH so long as this big stock of silverware and jewelry is here and at the prices
$2.00-7 pieces in a full celluloid case. 81.75-Celluloid case, contains mirror, C E L K BJl ArTE D H. B. /. / \ InH t«teH not one we are we are able to ask - Y6u know we can afford to charge less than stores who
lithographed cover. . brush, razor and cup. Very neat, very OVER-SEAM GL O V E. fL / \ J)e^ ana tested — not one we are rn ... i . A-n»r,A . 1nnn *u^* f«. ™ i:..:«™ ti,. t>:^«...« «^^^*-^_ ;„ s- **. _ r *
83.OO-S i pieces. Including a Dresden pretty, for it's the newest thing this »i.O©-Of best Italian iamb- * 5 5s aaar / \s^^ not willing to stand back of. "J"^ de Pf nd u P° n tha t for a living The biggest advantage ism the safety
tray, all beautifully decorated in gold. season. ' skin and ln a11 the new shadeB -A_______ olt's eivine women such the values — no store can throw about their goods more safeguards than
CHILD'S WORK BOXES. _-_ k JL h ?k£_f 2 - 5 % fc .„ 2i &°™s that has won their hearts. Hale's Christmas gloves carry more with do w^' Our "Good-Goods" reputation is at stake in every article.
no«_A neat little affair oval shanpd THOSE AT $3.00— Are black celluloid, them than thp" monev rpnrp«s«-nt« Now you see what makes these items so interesting.
2&AS lt^. 1 S&" 11 *"* ""r'-r^"^' 1 *"- , „ _;..-.' , tea. sets. cracker jar.
8Jjs8=SSS3 SSI «ff--m- * m 9 Sn r Mo t keBeSlB»Er. Th Mail Our Glove -Orders to Your Friends. ■ «jagiU •SS&SPS&JSZ. -"" "»
" HECKTIE BOXES. 8 ? .oo-Pro« r .hapc »ox. u.ho^p.ea ISSzT* "^ "^ *""" ™* rn ' " n " JAIIS -
H^lS»a M SI& U n^^'»^ir S^^S 1 S^rSSi; SalinaS - • 1 - i 80.75-Q«adrop,e plated. .«,».«- "SS.; 'S& pSSf Tr^SS toS!
in shape and style. i o id with celluloid tops. »—* . m * s"? • « « « ■« r • a i ished. elaborately engraved; four BERRY DISHES.
/-»«' • . *-<*•« « ■"'Vf^tlT' flfi \A/fll1CTC Pieces-sugar-bowl, creamer, spoon- »S.OO-With fancy decorated glass
r_:Hj*I C|"fVl^l C PinhnriC *-*yWllL 111 W aldld holder, teapot. bowl. Quadruple plated silver sfand.
win 147LU1CU3 IMUUUllD. at th? best timb of the year. Salt and Pepper Shakers 25c a Pair.
First, Newness; Second, Beaut/; Third, Variety. Not a fault to be found ivith a single waist— Silver-plated. Satin finished also ; but, better yet, they come put up in
We never worked so hard to get you pretty ribbons as we not '<* P'ios bid that means a saving. and I so* g<£>d Christmas gift and acceptable, too, for they're
have this Christmas— and we never succeeded so well. ; . • S ° PURSES. CRAVAT PINS.
P . ? Some of these you'll see to-morrow are so Jt s a rare opportunity And right on the threshold of Christ- 81.50 to 8G.5O-of sliver, m the Sl.so-Soiid gold: some' with set-
JrS^^^M a«Ti th . ey %^ here when - this I s • w^ itten - mas - Waists; too/ so new ami stylish and made of such fine mate- ! SSiffi ™££ iest patterns: pcpular tlngs: 0ther9 plaln; many st^"-
l^^ffi&eZSJ All last week the express trams were bringing us riaJs - receives Qne Qp£RA GLASS ES. BROOCHES.
NPW YnrJrC TflfPSf HnIiH?IV Mnn Fj , oh n _^j;, F ... ' »""**= si.25. Sl.oO-Black rubber case, 52.OS-14 K. gold plated and ster-
■m™ IwTT IUIJi a LdlCSl llUllUay JljloS. *$*'?■? ' E * chm \ •' ? Hc^L you did. There is no gold plated barrel, jieatly put up in «n& silver, set with opals and pearls,
/fl'/lfff c u , , Bnttoned Down th» Back. J&PSh better example of the value a plush bag. m All new and artistic designs.
lii^X So much newness means so much beauty— Tucked yoke, sleeves tucked to ■ d^p^S than this- S«.4)O-Pearl opera glasses. In SS.OO-Solid gold brooches, crescent
/fll charming beyond measure, for they are as cor- %&£& r -J8?'*SE£h£? SSS £S^^i leather case /^^^ d lcn8 " t$*& to^*- SJi^S Z* &rl « ,
* S fi ] refined. " they ™" |^ a " d - -f^75^3^' V/ SUk WalStS WS^ttt^ ,old mied * 2
especially since the ..- - .' ticuiar-a^e^utc^ Real Value $5.00. ™ & » » V.?8S^ O^? e^S?tS?t l S t taw
g i Bows Are Tied and Boxed S@t^S mWSk Tucked - d *^™* cuff buttons. g^ml^HB- reai
\g$L FREE OF CHARGE. SSSSffi^tJi.^!^ 2RSi life M W\ all over. Made of Giver- S1.75 PAIR-Solid gold, link style. •frft&^^mu^o^ted 1111 *"' W
d6^ We kept ei^ht expert bow-makers busy all $7 . 5O Ea-h irlir7lil naud>S beSt taffeta ' CHiLDS'MUGS. WANTS' rH*,N*
-.. , T7, day yesterday dbinsr this pleasing service for our Taffeta and p C au de sole. This WmMv/^W/ New collars, new sleeves. T 5?-^ I1 ?rS v " e «-i 3 aby/> OTiIEE3 ei -- tl/iL , ,i „
This Is One r.f Our.- customers. ' one has rows of tuckins down W^xW^h^/ lined: every color— black at $1.QQ, 81.2q. $1.7o and $2.OO-Solld gold.
NEWE^TSTYLE BOWS. Of them all perhaps the s^on^ou^erf *V& ffi I HiS^7 old rose, royal, red. light f^^A.^ FTZ TuZ mTTTT •£
J^T SBS^f n S5S Narrow Satin Back Velvet fiibbon 29c Piece. £S%2L«&£ t £&S£ a tt KL -^\ p l£' T r Sr,tll e 7i vllltS TOf tlie HOUSeWlfe.
and white satin taffeta. Is the most wanted and scarcest It was ndv»rti<>o^ tons on end of each strap. Pret- I "•?«wl> \ every size. i ney re just as „„„,,_.
black with white edge by a Philadelphia house last week &t 33c They ty colIar and cuffs - « Wgood as they look. . — Set of Sheets and Cases to match.
%M? b &«?£ L J2S& %^^%&Jt^^£l*g Four Styles at $9.75. -Set of y apk ins and Table Cover to match.
we know o f tnIs season wonder so many women come to Hale's for their Taffeta and peau de soie. black and colors. We mention one — has an open —^ et °' I^' IC^ onams ana Spread, to match.
No.l ?.?:..3Oc a bolt tempting value: back; entire waist and sleeves made of fine tucks; cuffs and collar silk lined. THE SHEET AND CASES are fancy embroidered and hemstitched neatly
ISsSiSia .4« Striped Neck Ribbons, Pure Silk, (Zn^^c *^A CU« m , ' t^^^^^^^ 'W^ &^^^§
o or 3grySd J> i74c Yard. pearls and bnams. T HS : iSk^i^^s£ tMt^^^i o^ 1^^^^ 1^^
S250 yards ready for selling to-morrow morning. Brightest, prettiest ribbons of ip- * r • \ t> - * n- '. \ » LIIii^ TABXiE SETS are of lmen damask, bleached and bordered,
the season, and they are in light shades, too. Those you ail prefer for Christmas. ..JUneso Irish Point Pueces ri<$hb here from a New Yorh —Cloths 2 yards long. ..$1.65)
toiSSbt &£! S^'&IStag^^eJ^Tffwr 0^ 1111 * t0 their worth - We un - importer's samp'.e rooms, cose .to haf our regular prices. -Cloths 2% yards long.%2.00 \ Napkins to match, $2.25 a doz.
LIBERTY SATIN RIBBONS. NEW : NECK RIBBONS. „ , , u 7^ T 7, i,- —Cloths 2% yards long.$2.5O \
One of the new favorite* styles; four 4^-inch liberty white and black striped Here s the greatest chance of all to buy a useful and high-toned Christ- -Cloths 3 yards Zon,rf...$3.OO % 24-inch napkins to match, $3.30 dor.
inches wide; solid colors, with self-colored ribbons...... 4^o vard m as present. They are pieces- we could mix up with our regular stock and 7i,7i r> j \ «/>
polka dots-pink, blue, nile, . ■ NEW- UBERTY'-iiTIH? you would eagerly pick them out first and pay one-third and one-half more. ~Clohs 2 yards long... ,$3.00. L-S^CL
white or black jard "M a tmZ I. v «' i „ They, are even prettier than the .common ■ run-they're samples; they have to ~C oths 2% yards lon^S.5O[ 24-inch napkins to match, $3.75 doz.
SATIN AND GROS-GRAIH. . -Very^ best ,^Hty. In be just as good as they can be, else the man would not risk selling his output -Clnt'>*3 n*'r4* >on,/..$4.25* '
de S c°orXn-; "maie^Tpufe sflkf^dte^y NEW SATIN TAFFFTA them. He is through with them in time for you to have them for Christ- lies BED SETS-SHAMS AHD SPREAD TO MATCH-Made in a way
5 12c SSiSij fa So Popular for neck use. The're is no "^ the three lots are some 10 to 12 distinct patterns. a^yafoSv rtrafn'eTel^ns^tht Wto££ *&•<%*
II :::::::::::^: I in pls£g SS'-SSr^Sj SSS^SS& % e 25c for yO u ? choice O f the first lot- . .•^"^^ro.^nr^^^hT.L .fcff^i^
T2 '= - i r j^==r ■ The shams 32 Inches square. The Irish point work Is the newest and prettiest shams.
'Market St., ' 7ffl ®> 37 'c 'second lot^ 1 " 8t ° CkS< *W "Market S f
bate Ave -^^J^^^ c iov youp choice of the thip ? lot ~ My Opp."Golden
yj*™ . "^zgSW** O °? E &^ ■ ■:, ther^a"? fijf. h M we sel1 rleht at 75c and Newest and freshest plecea Cood&Z^ c Gate Ave.
He has also started two buildings of five
and six rooms, one on Twenty-third street
and the other on Alvarado.
A. J. Rich & Co. report an excellent
sale at the southeast corner of Polk
street and Fern avenue, the lot. being
30x60 feet. The sale was from Katherine
Cook to Jacob Stern, the consideration
being $30,000.
A. J. Rich & Co. also report the sale
for Ellis Hughes to W. Coates of a lot
25x80 feet on the north line of Howard
street. 115 feet west of Eleventh, for $7003.
By. order of the Union Trust Company
this firm will sell at auction at their sales
rooms on January 7 a number of fine Van
denburgh estate properties, located on
Sixth, Howard and Eighth streets.
Hawkes & Skelton of 323 Montgomery
street report sales for the week as fol
lows:
Northeast corner of Hyde and Francisco
streets, 137:6 by 137:6, sold for the Bank of
California; term* private.
Northwest corner of Larkln and Francisco
streets, 137:6 bv 137:6, for H. P. Hotalins &
Co.; terms private.
South line of Green street. 137:6 east of
Hyde. €8:9 by 137:6 feet, for Mrs. Delaney,
for *«00.
North 'line of Union street, west of Devisa
dero, 40 by 137:6, sold for R. C. Pratt to H.
C. TIbbltts. for $4000.
This firm reports that considerable in
terest is being manifested in property In
the vicinity of the parcels, transfer of
which is above noted.
Thomas Magee & Sons have engineered
a number, of important sales this week.
The report of this firm compries a lot
45:10x137:6, with building, on the north
line of Main street, 91:8 east, by the non
resident owners to a buyer whose iden
tity Is not yet made public for $51,000. Two
water lota on Spear street, near Howard,
for $44,000, the buyer of which Intends to
erect thereon a fine business building.
Tha lot, 6OxS7:6, and store and flats on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 22;- 1901.
the southeast corner of Fillmore and Mc-
Allister streets, for somewhat less than
$2S,000. A house and a lot 25x120 on the
south line of O'Farrell street, 85 feet west
of Steiner, for $10,000, and a lot 25x117 on
the north line of Union street, 24 feet ea3t
of Franklin, for $175, thereby cleaning up
the Whittier holdings on that block.
-The following lots have been sold by
Sol Getz & Brother: On the east line o*f
Forty-sixth .avenue, 150 feet south of 1.,
street. 75x120 feet, for $300; on the east
line of Forty-fourth avenue, 220 feet
south of B street, 50x120, for $300; on the
east line of- Ninth avenue, 250 feet south
of H street, 25x120. for $925; on the north
line of Twenty-fifth avenue, 25 feet west
of York street, 25x104, for $1200, and on the
east line of Twelfth avenue, 225 feet north
of J street, for $S0O.
Captain R. R. Thompson is remodeling
the former Schmidt Label . and Litho
graph building on the east side of Main
street. The changes will cost $30,000. •
W. B. Bourn is to put up' a fine struc
ture on a lot 45;10xl37:6 on the southwest
side of East street, 91:8 northwest of Mis
sion. It will be five stories and base
ment, for wholesale purposes. :\k\
William Helbing will put up* a four
story brick and stone building on the
south 6lde of Bush street, wiSst of Powell.
It will be an elegant apartment building
and will cost $45,000. .'■'
A. E. Buckingham has sold two lots in
block 662, between H and I streets and
Eleventh and Twelfth avenues, one 125
feet north of I street for $825, and the
other 125 feet south of H street for $900,
to E. B. Hallett. who is building a house
on ea,ch piece of property.
The Old Folks at Home
Will appreciate a fine Indian blanket used
as a rug or sleigh robe. Skinner Co., 41G
Market street. : ' ' •
RESERVE GUARD
FOR THE STATES
Synopsis of 'a Military
Bill to' Come Before
Congress.
Brigadier General W. H. Whiteman,
adjutant general of New Mexico, has
submitted a proposition to establish out
of the National Guard of the different
States a United States Reserve of the
Military Forces, which will be submitted
to the present Congress in the form of a
bill. The features are that It provides for
the government of the citizen soldiery
of each State according to the rules and
regulations of the United States army
enlistment for three years, makes the
President commander in chief, provides
that States organizing reserve forces
shall pay expenses, that the Secretary of
War shall require an inspection at. least
once a year, requires the issue of maga
zine rifles and carbines upon the requlsi- 1
tion of each Governor and that the sum
of $2,000,000 be appropriated annually for
the maintenance of the reserve. - .
Plans* are being prepared for work for
the men of the First Infantry after the
first meeting in January, when drills will
be resumed.
An election will be held on the 6th of
January in Company C, Fifth Infantry,
Petaluma, Major Juilliard "has been de
tailed to preside.
The resignation of Fred R. Maulsby,
sixth division of the Naval Militia, has
been accepted. ~ ...
-Lieutenant C. R. Alberger has been de
tailed to preside at an election to be held
on the Marlon for ensigns, vice Murphy,
term expired, and Smith, resigned.
Commander George W. Bauer has been
detailed to preside at an election to be
held on the Marion on the 14th of Janu
ary, for lieutenant, vice Harloe, term ex
pired.
Ten enlisted men have been discharged
from the Naval Militia on account of re
moval and one expiration of term.
At the quarterly session of the Asso
ciation of Veterans of the National Guard
of California last Wednesday night there
was a large attendance and a manifest
renewed interest In the affairs of the or
ganization., Applications to become mem
bers were received from guardsmen who
have recently obtained their exemption.
Adolph Hromada, who eight years ago
was proposed a member of Company H
of. the, First Infantry by Colonel Bush,
then commanding the regiment, has been
admitted to the veterans' association.
The new member has the distinction of
being the first on -this coast to recognize
that candy is an appreciable addition to
soldiers' rations, for when the First In
fantry went into camp, in 1894 he pre
sented to each, company a large bucket
filled with assorted candy. Soire of the
officers atthat time thought it rather a
curious part of the rations, but , Mr.
Hromada was a little ahead of the United
States - army, for in 1898 candy In large
quantities was "sent to the Philippines
by • the . United States Commissary De
partment as part of the rations for the
soldier^' stationed there, r \ "••• '■■"'• v<- ■■'•;
Italian life depicted In Christmas Wasp.
Cosmopolitan California' Illustrated. . Send It to
EuroDean frienda. -Priea 25 cents. •
GEORGE R. EATON
DENIES CHARGES
Assignee of "Mammy"
: Pleasant Says He
Is Vigilant.
George R. Eaton, assignee of "Mammy"
Pleasant, the Insolvent colored woman;
whose connection with the Bells has
made her famous, has filed an answer to
the charge made against' him by. the aged
servitor and Attorney Frank Stone and
Sam Davis of Carson in their petition for
his removal as assignee of the Pleasant
estate. "Mammy" and her attorney and
Humorist Davis applied to the courts for
the removal of Assignee Eaton on the
ground that he neglected her Interests
and did not press a suit to,, recover cer
tain property In Sonoma Co'unty claimed
by Mrs. Pleasant. Mrs. Theresa Bell
claims the ranch also, and it was to quiet
title to the place that the suit subsequent
ly dismissed at the request of Eaton was
brought.
Eaton in the answer he filed yesterday
denies that the petition for his removal
is made at the request of 90 per cent of
the creditors of the . aged negress. He
alleges that, on the contrary, not more
than 5 per cent of the people to whom
"Mammy" is indebted favor the petition
He claims that he has been extremely
vigilant in guarding' Mrs. . Pleasant's in-
terests. and that he has expended large
sums from his own purse ln caring for
her estate. He also claims that the col
ored woman has thwarted him ln his en
deavors.
He says further that the suit ln the So
noma County courts was dismissed by
him because ho could not collect evi
dence to prove that "Mammy" had any
right or title to the ranch.
Steam-Fitters Elect Officers.
Local Branch No. 46 of the National
Association of Steam and Hot Water Fit
ters and Helpers held a meeting at its
hall, 7 City Hall avenue, last week and
elected the following officers: President.
T. A. Reardon; vice president, Robert
Hore; recording secretary, R. A. Koppen:
financial secretary, George Smith; treas
urer, James Graham; guard. J. Flynn;
sentinel, J. A. Savage; Inspector, Samuel
Grubb.
Xmas Gifts for Ladles.
The finest and largest assortment of fur
garments and the latest ln fur neckwear
are to be seen at Berwin & Gassner's fur
house, 110 Kearny street. •
Prisoners Seek Release.
Charles Donnelly and Edward Duncan,
who are charged along with William
Buckley and Thomas Moran with the
murd«r of George W. Rice at Howard
and Twentieth streets en October 11, have
applied for a writ of habeas corpus for
their release. The matter was argued be
fore Judge Cook yesterday by Attorney
Hutton for the accused and Attorney Pe
ter Dunne for the prosecution. The Judge
reserved his decision till he had an ovjL
portunity to read the evidence in the cas^
Pile , and Fistula Cure.
Sample treatment Red Cross Pile and Flstul*
Cure and book on piles free to any address.
Rea Co.. Deo:. 2. Minneapolis, Minn. •