SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY; MAY 11, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CEIsTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 162.
Continued on Second: Page.
It was . while -. passing j through Summer
land that' the people on the, train saw . the
amphibious oil wells and the forest of der
.; ricks that clustered 'along the' ground and
the hillside, where thick black oil oozed
over [ grass and rocks and ' railway. No
one^ofi the party had ever seen anything
like 'It. before; arid -the , sight , created the
' tnost^lnteri'se'/ excitement.:. , :. ; v. : .,•
Along ' the surf -beaten' shore if or .¦ hours
and for milesithe^trainran^glving a new
: phase' of "the scenery,,; of^California, 1 a new
- phase of her. climate arid, a new 'class .of
'¦¦ her ; people. '• ',: It ', was {overclouded * and ' in-.
:: dined .to: be foggy,- but as If to- compen
eate ' for : the"- lack \ of \ siinllgh t ' along ", the' ;
It was at Santa Barbara, too; that Lau
rence ; I.'jj Scott lingered too~ long . among
the delights '., of tho little city and the
train pulled out without him. . He will, 'Ve«.
Join ' the party, at ' Del Monte ' to-morrow.'
swaying sea stretched between him and
his subject. It was, a beautiful speech",
fitting the place and the occasion and the
inspiration of his surroundings. The
horses drawing the carriage In which Sec
retary Hay 'and* Mrs. '. Hay. rode became
restive . at'ithe station in Santa -Barbara,
where the train was backing down, and
there, was a] mix-up, out of which Mr. and
.Mrs.' Hay escaped gracefully, arid without
loss of dignity or self-possession.:
FEATURES OF. THE LOS ANGELES FLORAL PARADE, WHICH PRESI
DENT AND MRS. McKINLEY REVIEWED ON THE GREAT DAY OF
THE RECEPTION IN THE SOUTHERN METROPOLIS.
f*y ANTA- BARBARA. May . 10.
1 1, -President. McKlnley.!, arid party
; saw Santa; Barbara to-day.: and"'
' if - their^ expressions ; of satlsfac-
W 'J -'. tlon * may be taken \ as' proof of .,
.their, feelings; toward the people
of this city Santa 'Barbara has' made an..
impression upon them that . they "will 'carry
back to ¦Washington. President McKinley ;
expressed •jhirnself 'as : having^ greatly en- .
Joyed, the . three , hours' j stop here. .- .
'President' McKlnley's' miagnlflcent -spe
cial ! train 'arrived In \ Santa 'Barbara at 13 .
o'clock. The train was met at State street
by 'a multitude and the broad thorougfa
•fare was lined with people.
¦ As 'the President "appeared on the rear
platform he was. given a thunderous ova
tion and repeatedly b^wed his", acknowl
edgments.* He was met by Chairman
Frank M. "Whitney of the reception com
mittee, who escorted him to his carriage.
A shower of rose9 filled the air as he
descended and took his , seat. Th« car-
- Continued on- Second Pago.
Special Dispatch .to" The Call.
President and his Party View the
Old Mission in Santa Bar
bara By the Sea.
them on their rusty bearings until they
clanged out a loud welcome and good-by.
Inspiring Surroundings.
The President spoke to the people of
Santa Barbara, and he stood where he
could look out over the ocean to, where
earth and sky meet in a band of , light,': and
as h« referred to the Philippines uncon
sciously he waved his hand toward
where six thousand -miles of restless.
steamer making her way up the coast.
It was in Ventura the first mission was
visited, and the welcome there was from
the ladles of Ventura, members*of Buena
Ventura Parlor of/ Native Daughters of
the Golden West, but in^he old mission
at Santa Barbara the solemn old monks
ranged themselves before the doorway
and the . President was received by the
gray old prior. Everything - about the
place was old, even to an Indian skull
imbedded in one of the walls, the relic of
Borne race who thought the brown gowned
men of God were weak as well as humble,
and as the President left tho mission two
aged monks grasped the old ropes that
hang from the molding bells and swung
Special Correspondent of The Call on Board the Presidential Train.
By W. F\ Burke,
ON BOARD THE PRESI
DENT'S SPECIAL. TRAIN.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. May
10.— There were three new
things in the President's
Journey to-day. He saw
6cme of the old missions and was wel
comed hy Franciscan monks In cowl and
habit of brown, who took him through the
ancient halls and ealleries. He saw the
derricks of oil wells set up on piles over
the waves of the ocean and reaching
down Into the sands of the sea for its
treasures, and for the first time in his
trip he saw the broad Pacific," blue and
entiling and edged with long, white rollers
that filled the wind with their murmur.
The route had led down through th©
lower Santa Maria Valley, following ' the
•windings of the Santa Clara River, until
iust before Ventura was reached the val
lcv broadened and the blue of the ocean
filled the landscape where the vanishing
hills bad been. It was. calm as a mill
pond and blue as the skies, and In the
center at the sheet of water framed. in
tie broadening canyon mouth was a
McKinley Sees Beauty in All Its
Variety From Los Angeles to
San Luis Obispo.
( My .Fellow Citizens :'¦ This stop was.net:
on '-, the '• official - Itinerary, J. but ; there Is so { ;
much that < is unexpected happens to me as '¦'.
I -pass-through ; Southern' California -"that* I •
am ' quite ¦ prepared • to » meet '-the .welcome of.
Stops at Fernando and Saugus.
The ¦ train 'left Los Angeles at 6 this
morning and after a short stop. at Fer
nando, where 'a drove of ..cowboys from
thei surrounding ranges were on hand to
greet the President, It went ; on, to Sau
gus, where It stopped -for five minutes.
Therewas a crowd of -railroad, hands
working ; at ; Saugus ; and . they paused In
their toiling long enough to cheer for Me-;
Klnley,', although he did not appear. , The
only "other stop before the -train reached
Ventura .was at Santa Paula, ..where the
President spoke.' Senator Bard boarded
the ¦ traln'there '. and it -was . he ; who, intro
duced ;McKlnley to the people who had
gathered' from.- the whole countryside
,The*.. President said:. ,
Inland the hills that make the coast line
at once; forbidding- and attractive unfold
ed themselves in all the countless .varieties
of the California landscape. Fields of
. grain turned to orchards of blossoming
trees and these changed to barren crests
and canyons and then to shifting yellow
heaps of sand. The members of the party
were always; at the windows and there <
.was not much qt. sea or shore that passed
unheeded.. '
At Surf the train stopped while the en
gine drank and' this was' long- enough for
a speech to the" crowd waiting at the sta
tion, r There" was a gentle swell lazily
tumbling up 'the rbeach. and_as'the Presi
dent spoke the waves curled over, the
-sands, -singing a soft -accompaniment -to
his words and bidding him _ welcome In
their own wild way. ' . >^
After leaving Surf the train turned from,
the seashore Vnd wound Its way through
the canyons arid inland; to San Luis Obis
po, which was reached about 7 o'clock. -
It was just dusk when -the party ar
rived in San Luis Obispo. " It was not
much more than dawn' when 'they started
this morning and during the day. the run
had not two minutes the same, the train
had , not- two windows .alike; ¦' the j scenes
shifted as fast as the whirling wheels
and . as bewilderingly, for It was all so
new and changeable and beautiful. ' !
Waves Sing- Accompaniment.
shore, the clouds opened out on the hori
zon and with the t touch of Midas the sun
turned the distant waters to gold. -'
PRESIDENT JOURNEYS WITHIN SOUND OF BREAKING WAVES
OF THE PACIFIC, AND, LOOKING OUT OVER ITS BROAD EXPANSE,
DECLARES FOR EXTENSION OF OUR LIBERTY TO PHILIPPINES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.COAST RANGE CITIES GREET PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 11, 1901 .
- -Reception in the Arlington. <¦
One of the most satisfactory portions
of the programme was the public recep
tion in the Arlington parlors. Standing
in the middle of the spacious room, the
riage, it was remarked by those who had
seen the efforts of other cities, was by
far the most striking and beautiful tne
President had yet occupied. Drawn cy
four white: horses, the footman In pinK
and white, and the equipage decorated
with duchess roses against a backgrouna
of gray moss, it was a pleasant reminder
of flower festival days. Messrs. E. ti.
Thompson, George McComber, Sprouie
and Orella were the outriders.
Ladles and Gentlemen: I desire to thank
you for your courtesy and to express my
gratitude to your Mayor for . the magnifi
cent ¦ welcome. Your hospitality la bound
less. Tour reception. Is beautiful, and we
greatly appreciate It. I have been remind-
engraved upon It The gift was for Mrs.
McKinley, - who was not well enough to
leave her car." . •
The party drove to the heights, whence
they had a magnificent view of Santa Bar
bara Channel, where speed trials of war
ships built on the Pacific Coast take place.
Returning, the President's carriage was
halted for a few minutes at the> achool
house, where be , made a brief speech.
Said he: 'Vi -:¦?•!.:¦¦¦
Continued on Ninth Paga.
The President .visited the old San Buena
ventura Mission, where the ladies present
ed him with a handsome silver card server,
ccrteining a picture of the old . mission
At the Old Mission.
One little woman who had not been able
to shake ¦ his hand watched her chance
and touched him on the back as he passed
through a -door, exclaiming, '.'There, I
touched him.",' The crowd laughed.
The President and Frank M. "Whitney
led the v/ay to, the dining-room, where
the President was given the seat of honor
at a tab!e arranged in the form of a let
ter T. In the absence of Mrs. McKinley,
Mrs. E. P.. Spaulding of; this city sat be
side the President. b&BSXl
President had a " hearty handshake and
pleasant word ¦ for each as hundreds of
people filed past him. His firm .but smil
ing countenance was an inspiration. . Time
prevented a long reception and the doors
had , to be closed against ¦ a majority of
the multitude. - - - . -.. » ;
(Applause.) And now, after . thirty-five •
years from the close of that great struggle, '
\ we have a united people, a union' of forty
five States never to be broken (applause), .
and a union of hands and hearts of seven- •
. ty-flve millions of freemen, resting upon 9
mutual interest ' and respect, moved by a;
common purpose. • . . ¦ . . ,
And now, my friends, the last word I
6ay to you is, let us continue to stand for
these free Institutions, to love the flag '
and to teach patriotism as' we are doing
in the schools and In the homes all over the
;' land, i : * .>- v \ : ; ; 1 . '••- ,-,;¦ *.'
' The streets along the route of the par
ade were elaborately - decorated . with
palms, flowers, streamers, banners of the
national and more of all shades, and flags
that flapped merrily , in ' the : sea< breeze
that came gently • in ¦ ¦ , from • the - 9cean.
its history that it has not met with con
summate wisdom and high patriotism (ap
plause), ahd we have had a good many
trials. We have "had wars with foreign
powers; we had a great war among our
selves that was a test of the - virtue and
the patriotism and the virility of the Ameri
can people. We won in that great warl
I Bay we, the Union, won. Freedom tri
umphed. . The flag was victorious which
represented all that is near and dear to us.
This nation has never had a crisis' In all
been most prodigal to this people. We have
everything in the land and . beneath the
land to blesa. us. Everything awaits the
hand of man for use. and his application.
Providence has contributed bountifully to
this republic of free men. Our fathers did
their part well when they founded this
Government and established it on the prin
ciples of liberty and equality, and. it re
mains for us, the living, to perpetuate it,
to Bustaln its great civil institutions and to
pass them along to those who shall come
after unimpaired in strength and virtue.
(Great applause.) .: * ,
My Fellow Citizens: It gives me uncom
mon pleasure to be received in this beauti
ful city by Senator Bard, by the Mayor and
the City Council, by the members of the
Grand Army of the Republic, by the pio
neers of your county, by your school chil
dren and by all of the people. I have had
many receptions in my long Journey, but
none have been more grateful to me than
the one you give here.
Tou give us our first view of the sea.
We live under bright 6kles. - Providence has
Visit to the Old Mission.
The party was then driven to the old
mission, where the Native Daughters
were waiting. The President was met by
Mrs. J. J. MacGregor, president of the
parlor, who presented McKinley, for Mrs.
.McKinley, a silver plate engraved with
a picture of the old mission. From - the
mission the President was driven through
the town and to the plaza school, where
the crowd was waiting for him and where
he made a speech. He said:
passed before them they greeted him with
cheers, at the same time strewing his
path with flowers. Every child had a bas
ket piled high with flowers, and before a
minute had pased every basket was empty
and the roadway was like a soft carpet
woven in brilliant colors. Beyond the chil
dren the members of the various fraternal
orders of Ventura were ranked along the
driveway and they each in turn saluted
the President as he passed along.
-Among the orders was that of the Re
bckahs, the members of which were all
dressed in white. They carried long white
staffs, and at each right shoulder was a
large bow of pink or olive-green ribbon.
Several hundred, pioneers of Ventura
County were also in line, and the oldest
of these, L. F. Eastin, who has seen fifty
years pass over California, presented Mc-
Kinley with the badge of the society and
declared the President an honorary mem
ber of the organization. They shook
hands and the President thanked him in
a few kind words.
* There was great enthusiasm ¦ when ~ the
President -stepped down from his car and
there was . more when he ¦ bowed his ac
knowledgments. -There was only an hour
for. the party to remain and ..no time was
lost' in .getting, into , the carriages '. and
starting for the Ramona Hotel, where the
formal greeting of the .town was to be ex
tended. - On •. the porch of the hotel ' the
Enthusiasm at San Luis Obispo.
that in my public duties I have your Bup
port:and your sympathy. (Applause.)
The American people only want what is
right (Applause.) They are not asking
for the Impossible. They are not i asking
. that the _ Government shall - take care of
them, but they are ' asking that the Gov
i ernment shall so legislate and so administer
on the affairs of the people as ' to give
them the fullest opportunity for their own
development,- the development of the coun
try and for the realization of their best
and highest hopes and- aspirations. (Ap
plause.) That is what the majority of the
; American people want. They want a chance
to do business, and with that they will do
the rest, and they have been doing more
within i the last four years than they ever
have done in a like period in all our his
tory. .We never had so much to do at.
home, we never*had our people so well em
ployed a3 we have now. and we never had
so many markets abroad a3 v we have .to
day. One of . the'things we must cultivate
and promote is newer and wider markets :
for our surplus products. (Applause.) We
, have Immense productive - power r now, and
we want greater carrying power for the
future. (Applause.) I thank you for this
reception, and : wishing you all well, I bid
you good afternoon. .•"--¦ , .
Every one from every accessible portion
of the county was ! at the 'depot at San
Luis Oblspo when the train pulled . in.
Men, , women and - children, horses and
wagons and carriage for the visitors, were
huddled around the station building in a
struggling, shouting, cheering mass.
' - Continued on Ninth Page. '-.
Never before had the -pretty little city,
by the sea been decked so prettily.
The. landau in which the President rode
was covered with white carnations and
asparagus ferns. The large robe over
the back of the- carriage was covered
with 6000 white carnations ahd there were
over 4C00 thousand more white carnations
above the carriage. . • The harness, too,
was covered with yards of satin ribbon
and .the ¦ footman and coachman w ore
livery. The other carriages were, decor
ated i in different colors,: under, the direc
tion of the Native Daughters. One was I
lined .with pink and white gernaniums,
another with mustard, some with sweet
peas, La - Margne roses, pink duchess
roses, pepper boughs and golden ophir
roses. Roses, and . sweet peas were used
by thousands. The Southern Pacific de
pot wag decorated elaborately with flags
and calla lilies. V.
Mrs.' McKinley did not accompany the
party, her state of health not permitting
her to take part In any. of the functions
of ¦ tllf 1 * (I3.V ¦¦••'- ¦ -'..-. ji'f —i **- ¦ ¦ ¦ r '
As the President's train drew into the
station some one's house caught fire, but
no one would stop to put It out, -not even
the owner, who said he was going to see
the President anyhow. He said afterward
he had saved the lot. .
President Speaks at Surf.
. On up the coast from Santa Barbara the
train - ran without a stop to where .
a stop was made -to, -allow the. engine ¦¦ to ••
take water. 'The President went out 01?
the rear platform -and when the.en
thusiasm had: subsided he addressed the
people, -He said: -r . 7 ¦ :' '
¦ ¦From 'the time of the • commencement . of -..
¦ my Journey 'ten days ago I have been met .
by the people of every section and of every
State through. which I have passed with the . >
same warm welcome with which you; greet
me here to-day, and I : assure ; you that it •
¦ will : give me much encouragement - lor • the- >¦
great •- work you ' have ; intrusted to me aa • .
the chief cxecutlve-of the country to feel
MEMBERS OF THE RECEPTION COMMITTEES OF THREE COAST TOWNS. ,
"Let it burn/* he replied. "I will wait
and see the ¦ President. I . can build an
other house, but I may never have an
other opportunity to see the President of
During the time the President was here
an incident occurred which demonstrated
his great popularity. The residence of the
chief of the fire brigade caught fire and
blazed high in the air. The cry of "Fire"
was* raised and the fire chief, who was on
the street awaiting the coming 1 of the
President, was informed that his house
was In flames. <»¦
Lets His House Burn.
His frank declaration, "We are In the
Philippines and we are not coming: away "
was the first reference to the Philippines
that ho has made since he> left ¦Washing
ton. It was brought about by the Mayor
who alluded to Santa Barbara as the
rightful capital of the United States since
the expansion movement. The President
took the cue and brought it to. a finish.
Mayor Storke was a supporter of Bryan.
While the President was speaking the
forest rangers gathered about Secretary
Hitchcock" s carriage and each one of
them en joyed, the honor of a personal In
troduction to his chief. The Secretary
told them, he was very proud of the fine
appearance they made. . ." .
¦ Standing here to-day, I am reminded that
the ark of liberty has moved out into the
distant ocean. Your citizens were quick
to enlist for the Spanish war?. California,
has never failed to make a ready response
to the call of the executive. There were
many thousands who wanted to go, and we
could not take them, and the reason why
they wanted to go was to relieve a people
who had lived in oppression for centuries
and to sustain the glory and honor of the
republic
As a result of that war we are In tba
Philippines, and we do not mean to come
away. We will give these people what we
gave you forty years ago, the blessings of
American liberty.
What a splendid civilization has come out
of the old States and old nationalities— the
best in the world. It leads wherever it en
ters on distant seas or distant lands and
carries with it the ark of freedom.
I suppose I might call the roll of the
States of the Union, commencing with the
original thirteen, and then naming the
thirty-two which have been added, and I
would find men who had been born In
each of those States here in the city of
Santa Barbara. And if I called the roll
of the wars of the country, beginning with
the Mexican war, there would be ready
answers from this great audience, and I
would find veterans from each of those wars
among You. have in your community
many Southerners with whom we were at
war thirty years ago, and I see them stand
ing side by side with Union veterans, united
now, and vying with each other In loyalty
to the flag and our common constitution.
ed as we have Journeyed through Southern
California, and in viewing your streets, how
cosmopolitan you are. All nationalities are
represented in this community. AH races
have found homes here, each worshiping
God as their own consciences dictate, de
ciding public questions as they see fit, but
all having one great political creed, that of
country.
On Main street a great triumphal arch
spanned the roadway, supporting two
pates of flowers, and these were closed.
The party halted under the 'arch and
when the President's carriage had come
Ventura was reached on time and the
town was at the depot to see the Presi
dent as he stepped from the train. He
was welcomed by a detachment of Grand
Army Veterans and the reception com
mittee with Senator Bard acting: as its
chairman. No time was lost, for the
President had but an hour to stay, and as
Eoon as the guests were seated in their
carriages the drive began, the carriages
being escorted by fifty mounted aids to
the grand marshal, who was Dr. C. L».
Bard. A detachment of forest rangers in
picturesque uniforms from the Pine
Mountain reservation brought up the rear
of the column. Behind the carriages of
the guests came picturesquely decorated
carriages anfi private rigs from the town,
upon which had been lavished all the
wealth of beauty the flowers 'of Ventura
afforded.
made for the education of the youth cf the
country, and there 13 r,o higher sign of our
civilization, of our progress, of our advance
ment, then the public 6chools, and there Is
no element of etrens.'th so great and en
during. So long- as virtue and patriotism
and morality, alcng with education, are
taught in the echouls as they are taught
in the heroes our Has will always be
sustained, for there will be earnest, loyal
hands to bear It after the veterans of the
Civil and Spanish wars have passed away.
I am glad to meet aM greet you all this
morning, glad to look into your happy faces,
glad to know that contentment and pros
perity are conSned to no ein^'.e section of
the United States, but that everywhere, in
every nook and corner of the great republic
plenty rir.lles upon all the people. I thank
you and bid you good morning.
the people at any hour of the night or day
<applause), and while this is rather early in
the morning:. I want to assure you that it
Is not the first greeting I have had from the
varra hearts cf the people of this vicinity
as I have Journeyed here. (Applause.) I
am especially glad to be received by the
school children. There .is little that we have
in the United States that is more to our
pride and our credit than the public schools
of the country-
In every State and Territory of the Union
wise, indeed, prodigal, provisions have been
up Senator Bard Introduced J. S. ColHns,
Mayor of the city of Ventura, who wel
comed him in the city's name. Then mem
bers of the City Council and Board of Su
p'ervisors stepped forward and threw wide
the gates and the President led his party
into the heart of Ventura,
Roadway Strewn "With Flowers.
Just beyond the arch 2500 children, .rep
resenting the schools for miles around,
were drawn in line, and as tl^e President
Continued from Pirst Page.
BEAUTY IS SEEN IN VARIETY.
Continued fro in First Page.
PARTY VISITS OLD MISSION
2
To; Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo-Quinlne Tablets. 25c. *
A Month's Test Free.
If you have Dyspepsia, write Dr.Ehoop.Raeine,
W- is., box 187, for six bottles Dr.Shoop's Restora-
tive. Exp.paid. Send no money. PayJ5.50 If cured*
Spring Medicine
There's no season when good medi-
cine is so much needed as in spring, and
there's no medicine which does so much
good in spring as Hood's Sarsaparilla.
Do not delay takinjj it
Don't put it off till your health tone
gets too low to be lifted.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Will give you a good appetite, purify
and enrich your blood, overcome that!
tired feeling, give you mental and di-
gestive strength and steady nerves.
Be sure to ask for HOOD'S, the
best medicine money can buy. It is
Peculiar to Itself
Bad Feelings in Spring— "I n the u
spring I was feeling very badly. My
blood was very poor. I began taking
Hood's Sarsaparilla. It did me much
good. I think it is a wonderful spring
medicine and recommend it to all sick
and suffering." Ethel L. Bean, Eaton
Center, N. H.THE PRESIDENT NEARING EXPECTANT METROPOLIS
Continued on Ninth Page.
explain the details of the parade and
the reception in the Mechanics' Pavilion.
The following orders governing the parade
and reception by Knishts Templars in honor
ot President McKlnley were issued to-day:
Asylum of California Commandery No. 1.
Knights Temnlars, San Francisco, May
10, 33C1.
Dear Sir .and Frater: For the better in
formation of all Sir Knishts who intend to
participate In the parade and reception in
honor of Sir Knight William McKinley. I beg
to announce the following:
First division, consisting of California Com-
Many Interior Lodges
Will Be in the
Procession,
of the President. Not only will
California and Golden Gate eommanderies
be represented, but those of Oakland. Val
lejo, Nevada, El Dorado. Mount Olivet,
Santa Rosa, Ukiah, Colusa, Chico and
Stockton will have large delegations In
line.
The following Sir Knights have been
chosen by Reuben P. Hurlbut. chairman
of the narade committee, to act as the
mounted guard of honor for the Presi
dent, under command of John P. Fraser:
First division— Sir George F. Neal, captain;
Sir George A. Knight, Sir Russell J. Wilson.
Sir John F. Kennedy, Sir J. C. D. Lackman.
Sir J. H. Bennett, Sir Thomas Morton. Sir W. .
W. Montague. Sir Colin M. Boyd. Sir Jame3
M. Troutt. Sir Martin Jones. Sir H. W.
Goodall, ¦ Sir " N. P. Batchelder. Sir Asa R.
Wells. Sir • S. M. Shortridge. Sir Charles E.
Grr en,^ Sir Charles V". Slack.
Second division— Sir Charles H. Wilson, cap
tain; Sir John D. Spreckels. Sir J. S. Young.
Sir John M. Curtis. Sir M. SlmonofT. Sir E. B.
Church, Sir A. W. Scott. Sir Charles Webb
Howard. Sir W. F. MeNutt. Sir Timothy Hop
kins, Sir Kenry E. Highton. Sir James W.
Burnham, Sir Curtis G. Kenyon. Sir Isaac
Grant, Sir S. G. Murphy, Sir H. B. Russ, Sir
H. W. Westphal.
Of the 330 Knights of California com
mandery who are to be. in line 250 will be
mounted on coal black chargers.
The following orders, issued yesterday,
F U ' HE great Knights Templar pa
rade next Friday afternoon will
be In its way the most spectac
. ular event of the week's pro
-1 .gramme for the entertainment
Hundreds of Knights
Templars, Will
Parade,
uled for the special train to reach San
Francisco.
Th? Ohin special was to have left Los
Angeles Thursday night, but departure
was deiayed. as the railroad officials
would not permit any special train to
leave within" six hours preceding the time
Fr-heduled for the departure of the Presi
dential train — 6 a. m. of yesterday. There
was nothir? to do but wait, and it was
finally agreed that the Ohio special should
Joave four hours after the President's
train.
The delay in Los Angeles causes the
later arrival in San Francisco, as a stop
at Del Monte was carried out as planned.
The informal reception in the Palace
Hoiel rotunda to the visiting Ohicans by
mr-mber? of the Ohio Society resident in
San Francisco. Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley, will be the first public function
in connection with the influx of distin
guished strangers who come to see the
launch of the Ohio.
The Ohio guests will be met at the Third
.Rnd Townsend street depot by a commit
tee cf reception consisting of William H.
Jordan, John W. Richards. L. P. Mc-
Carthy, G. A. Schcer. E. J. Ensign. W.
J^. Maule, John A. Whiteside, Milton E.
Baker, Henry Hilp, E. L. Baldwin. A. T.
Corbus. J. B. Stevens, W. J. Casey. W.
B. Wilshire and R. M. Green. They will
be escorted at once to the Palace Hotel
for the reception.
To-night Governor Nash will attend the
6
GOVERNOR NASH and his
party of distinguished 'Ohlo
ans will arrive at the Third
and Townsend street depot
at 5 o'clock this evening in
stead of at 10:30 this morn
ing, the time at first sched-
Nash's Special Train
to Arrive This
Afternoon.
SISSONT. May 10.— Sisson. the only town
in California north of Sacramento, be
sides Redding, at which the Presidential
train will ston. is to make the most of
the brief stay of the chief executive. A
committee of seven prominent citizens has
been appointed to arrange the programme
for the outpouring of people.
E. H. Autenrieth will probably be chos
en to make the pneech of welcome. The
choice is an appropriate one. as at the
time of President Hayes* visit io tn.s
coast Mr. Autenrieth took a prominent,
part in his entertainment at Sisson. Pres
ident Hayes' visit was before the comple
tion of the gap in the California and Ore
gon Railroad and the party, among whom
was Genera! W. T. Sherman, was com
pelled to stage it from Redding to South
ern Oregon, a aistance of over 200 miles
over mountains. •
SISSON RECALLS
VISIT OF HAYES
mortgage-burning ceremony of Mission .
Lodge, Free and Accepted Masons.
The members of the Ohio party are as
follows:
Governor George K. Nash. Mrs. R. S. War
ner and Eon, Mtss Louise Deshler. Miss Helen
Deehler, Fred Sinks (private secretary) and
wife.
Members of Governor's staff and ladies-
General C. M. Spitzer and wife, Colonel H. C.
Klllson and wife. Colonel J. S. Bird and wire.
Miss Martha Phelps. Colonel George B. Dona
vin and wife. Colonel Carl J. Hester and wife.
Miss Harriet Sheldon. Miss Alice, Stewart,
Colonel C. B. Win?. Colonel Max Fleishmann,
Colonel Jerome S. Burrows, Colonel M. M. Gil
lette.
Additional Ohio guests— Hairy Hoover and
wife, Fred Black and wife, Hon. Julius Whit
ing and wife. Captain A. Wagner and wife.
Hnn. George W. Siebert, E. J. Vaughn and
wife. R. E. Jones and wife, J. R. Schrum and
wife. Mrs. Henry Dimple. J. M. Lowe and
wife. F. H. Miller and wife, Judge and Mrs.
H. S. Buckland. J. Austin Kelley and wife.
W. H. Lambert and wife. J. V. Guthrie and
wife. Mrs. George J. Karb. Mrs. Jennie Cash
att. K. A. H^rshey, H. S. Smith. R. D. Lamp
pon. J. D. Ellison G. W. Bowland, Hon. J. F.
Burkett. Hon. J. B. Allen, H. B. Arnold. W.
F. Burdell, H. A. Unman, C. M. Petters,
Hon. A. I. Vorys. J. Miller McDonald. Hon.
Chase Stewart, Harry Frye. Theodore Troupe.
Hon. Nicholas Lonsrworth. Hon. Ferdinand H.
Heywood, W. E. Joseph, P. C. Werner. Ralph
Lazarus. Simeon Lazarus. Samuel' H. Marvin,
W- A. IiPgg. F. M. Rltezel. H. C. Vortriede,
George W. Walbridsre. A. H. Puch. Judpe
Klain Fisher. Barard Kilcrour. Harry Stevens,
Rev. Georpe Collier. S. J. Flickinper, J. W.
Faulkner, J. W. Dages. J. P. de Wolfe.
Ohioans Delayed for
Half-Day at Los
Angeles.
A S the Presidential - train draw's
l\ nearer and nearer to the me
/ % tropolis of the coast, where the
/ % • climax of welcoming enthusi
/ asm will be reached and where
1 JL will transpire the events, that.
, * were the primary, cause of , the
undertaking of a trip that /will live In his
tory as notable among Presidential jour
neys, the activity of preparation is be
coming more dndmore intense. The vari
ous committees are working; with an en-
ergy that borders on despair, for while
arrangements in the • main are perfected
ther» is yet much detail to be carried out,
anu' oil are impressed" with, the necessity
of preparations that will - admit of . no
flukes or embarrassinc situations. '
The executive "committee -will hold its
final meetine this morning at; 11 o'clock,
and : every ' questfbn which demands set
tling will, have to be brought upfor con-f
sideration then.'
: The street decorators are now at work.
The evergreen festoons were placed In po
sition on Kearny street from Bush to Mar
ket and; on Market street from Van Ness
avenue well.down; toward "...Third street.
TheV festoons hang, across the street at
distances of fifty feet. The entire line of
parade will be so 'decorated. ' t
Bluejackets to March. ,\
General 1 Warfield. was. gladdened yester-
Continued on Ninth rags.
STREETS ASSUMING GALA DAY APPEARANCE AS CITIZENS
PREPARE FOR A WORTHY RECEPTION TO PRESIDENT
OF THE UNITED STATES.
¦ - ¦ ' ¦¦ '¦¦¦'¦'-. * I ' ¦
VETERANS OF THE GRAND ARMY ENCAMPMENT AND OTHER CITIZENS WHO, AS MEMBERS OF COMMIT
TEES. WILL HAVE CHARGE OF THE PRESIDENT'S RECEPTION AT PACIFJC GROVE AND MONTEREY,
AND THE GUARDSMEN WHO WILL ACT AS ESCORT.' ¦• > .'.',¦¦¦'¦
CHIEF OF POLICE SULLIVAN has selected the men -who -will
eunrel President McKlnley during: bis visit in Snn I-'ran
cUco. Their names, (flven In-low, trill l»e announced to
the department to-day. Chief Sullivan has decided to have
four officers as* a mounted bodyguard to accompany the
President's carriage on all occasions, four on foot to
not as a bodyguard and twelve under a nerceant to . be sta
tioned at the residence of Henry T. Scott, where the President
and Mrs. McKlnley vrill reside durine their «tay in the city. There
will he four stationed at the house for eiKht-hour watches, so that"
it will b« K-anrded nisrht and day. .
The mounted officers selected as the bodyguard are all skill
ful riders. They are James Kelly, J. B. Berrie,. Chrift telpher A.
Arellanes and • M. R. de la Guerra from the park police.
The foot bodyguard who will be responsible for the Presi
dent's Kafefy are Policemen Harry Hook and Daniel A. Sylvester
from Captain Wittman's division, Philip E. Fraher from Captain
SpUlane's division and one yet to be chosen from Captain Gillen's
division. ' / •
The squad of tirelve to be stationed at the residence will be
tinder the charge of Sergeant Coopran from the park. They are
Policemen J. B. Cavanaugrh, R. P. de Guire. E. F. Leonard, J. B.
Hard, F. W. Itobl and G. C. Dousrlass from Captain Witt man's di
vision, J. S. Beach, Daniel Driscoll and Patrick McXamnra from
l lie r-outhern district and three yet to be- chosen from the Mission
POLICEMEN WHO WILL
GUARD THE PRESIDENT
TUESDAY, MAY 14.
.1:40 p. m.— President'*! nrrl-rnl, parade.
: 8:OO p. m. Pnbllc reception, Ferry depot. .»
WEB1TESDAY, MAY 15.
10:00 a. m.— Commencement University of California, Berkeley;
luncheon.
4:OO p. m. — Drive nnrt reception at Oakland.
rViprht — Dinner." ¦ Gne»t»-of Mrs. Georjre E. Mone.
0:00 a. m. — For -visiting Consrr eminent Drive to Golden Gate
PnrU. Ocean Bench and Cliff Honnet lnnch at Cliff
... UoTise; return l»j- way of Point Lobos Sigmal Station
anil tlie Presidio.
,5:00 p. m.— -Fo«tofHee Department employes' reception to Post
• niiiRter General Smith, nave of Ferry depot.
' Night— Trip tfcronprh ChlnatoTrn tor visiting; Consreiimen.
8:00 a. m.— Trip to Mount Tamalpnis, arriving: at summit at
3:OO p.ni. Reception a4Odd Kellorrw* Hall toy Son* of the Rero-
Intion, Mexican War Veterans, Loyal Lejjlon, Xatlve
Sons nnd Xatlve Daughters.
XlRbt— Dnnqnct, Ohio Society.
3:OO p. m. Reception to Mrs*. McKlnley and- ladlen of the Presi- '
dentlal party at.DIfirk Hopkins Institute of Art.
¦ T?T?TT»AV TVTAV IT
. . X JXXJLfXX X f IVL-iX X II.
Mornins — Reception by school children,' Van Kens avenne*
drive to Golden Gate Park and Ocean .Beach; lunch
eon at Cliff Honse.
2:OO p. m. — Kniahts Templar parade and reception.
Evening — Leacnc of the Cross Cadets drill. Mechanics' * Pa
. ' . vlllon. ' . /
8:00 p. . m. — Grand Army of the Republic reception, Native Sons'
nan. RBHH9U^$»h1
3Iorninj; — Visitinjc Congressmen will inspect public. hulldinss
and waterfront.'
12 m.— Luncheon for visltlnsr Congressmen at Merchants'
Morning — -Dedication of Donahue fountain.
Xoon— Iinunch of .the battleship 'Ohio.
Afternoon— Union -League Clnb reception in club rooms and re
¦. . -..- ception in Maple >oom,\PaIace Hotel.
.".--KlSht Citizens' banquet. Palace Hotel. /
SUNDAY, MAY; 10. .
10:00>a. ni.— President's departure.
PROGRAMME FOR WEEK
OF PRESIDENT'S VISIT
THE SAN FBANCISeO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 11, 1901.
3QUARTET OF YOUNG TENNIS PLAYERS WHO WILL VIE, 'WITH CHAMPIONS FOR FIRST HONORS IN BIG TOURNAMENTS.
Owing. to -the : .visit of .President ; McKln
ley.i the : cricket . match ; set f or c to-morrow
between teams - of :¦ the^ Pacific^ and : Santa
Cruz Country 'club*, will hot take place at
that. time on the ground at "Webster street,
Alameda. The Santa Cruz men rind It Im
possible to .-. leave ; their own - city • on : Sun-"
day , ' as > J. '- F. • Coope,- their , caotaln, ':. is ¦ a
member of the reception- committee of the
Presidential party.' •¦¦ The match has been
postponed ;by.' mutual ' consent i to i Decora-'
tlon day, .when . the ¦ Santa - Cruz \team will 1
visit' Alameda. '•';<¦ Decoration i day." having
been left open 'ion, the schedule -.he post
pdnement will cause no dlsaxrangement of
the 'DroErramme.- ¦'''¦* ;> '.-'"" ¦ - : > i
" , - 6 , . , ..- .. .- - .--., : . .. .'- \..-
CRIGKET POSTPONED.
' The annual, hundred mile relay .race' of
the California 'Associated Cyclists "will be
held to-morrow, ¦ starting in -this city at
9 a. nv arid finishing in Alameda about 2
p. m., J the route being^from the corner, of
Lar kin and McAllister, streets, thence out
of the city via: San Bruno Road,' passing
San Mateo, Menlo and intermediate points
to San Jose, ' returning on the
other side of ' the bay > to Alameda, the
finish being near - Park street and Cen
tral avenue. . /;...- - -
Tr>ere are five teams entered , in to-mor
row's race, .ten , men each from the Bay
City/ Olympic, Garden , City, California
and Reliance, Wheelmen. The entries were
published : in ¦ The :,- Call - yesterday. The
teams seem to be very evenly, matched on
paper. The race is for a beautiful. trophy
donated to the association by Leavitt &
Bill of- this, city.^.. --- .. ....;.¦-"
The; finish of the 'annual relay, races is
usually r' quite spectacular ' and > attracts
a large . crowd from this - city and other
points, ¦ most of whom iwill -. go to Alameda
on the 12 :30 .boat '> from Uhls city.' ; Bulle
tins showing the progrega of the race. will
be * posted * near ; the . flnwiing * point. • The
race > Is ¦; In ¦ charge of -Fr- G. Monteale^re.
chairnxan of : the racing; committee, • and a
corps of assistants/ • -.'¦'" '
HUNDRED-MILE
-RELAY CONTEST
Saturday. May 1^-Shooting to commence at
1' o'clock p. m.
First event, ¦ twenty blue rocks— First, prize,
J20; second .prize.. $13; third, prize, t $10. En
trance. $1- . '•_¦ ' : • ~
Second merchandise shoot, twenty
blue rock»— First prize, flO fly rod: second
prize, $7 50 gun case; third prize, S3 hunting
coat- fourth prize. $3 50 shell case; fifth, prize,
$2 50 cleaning -outfit. Entrance. $1. ¦ : ; .
Sunday. May ID (forenoon). shootlDg to com
mence at 8:30 ; a. m. First event, field, shoot,
twenty blue rocks— FJrst prize. $20; second
prize, $10; third prls«. $5. Entrance. II.
Second event, twenty blue rocks— First pr»z<v
$40: second prize. $25: -third prize, $13: fourts
prize.* J10. Entrance. $2 50.
- Tnird event — Special prize of $100, at fifteen
blue rocks; entrance. $4. This Is contributed
by Frank J. Ruhstaller of Sacramento and
Douglas S. Cone and Burreu ; * Eppsrsoa «f
¦Robert McKay; a. boy 16 years of ags.
appeared before Judge Mogan yesterday
on a charge of disturbing the peace. Ha
was fighting with some other boys at
Russ and Folsom streets Thursday after
noon, and when Special Officer Dougherty
Interfered young McKay tore the star
from his coat and used tne vilest language
toward him. McKay and the other boys
attacked the officer and he had to use hla
club. The case was continued.- and when
McKay went back to the prison he was
booked on a charge of battery for striking
an old woman. He has already served
six months for striking a woman. • He was
arrested some time ago for burglary, but
owing to hia youth the jury acquitted
him. , ,
trance 'fee 50 cents, including birds; the dub
add» $3 to the purse; 50, 30 and 20 per cent,
htsh Rim* to win: ' ¦ ¦ ¦ •¦ ¦ ¦-
- Third event— 15-blrd race, open to all. en
trance fee 50 cents. Including birds; the club
add* $5 to the purse; 50, 30 and 20 per cent,
htKh runs to win. - ,...<,.
Fourth event— 15-blrd race, open to all. en
trance fee 50 cents. Including birds; the club
add3 *5 to tbe jmrse; 50. 30 and 20 per cent.
h!«rh (tuns to win. ...
Fifth event— Grand open-to-all merchandise
shoot. 23 targets per man. entrance fee" }l. In
cluding birds; class shooting, all tiea «hoot off.
The Red Bluff Gun Club will hold a big
invitational shoot at -Red Bluff on May
18 and 19. The programme will be::
Boy "With Criminal Instincts.
¦ event— 13-blrd race, open to all. en-"
' First event-rClub i score, : . 25 birds to each
member. • ¦ ¦ . - . ¦ -.
Blue rocks • will be shattered and live
birds will be grassed at Ingleside and Ala
meda Point to-morrow. All the clubs will
( hold shoots and a, number of private
matches will be shot off in both places.
'The San Francisco Gun Club will smash
blue rocks at Ingleside; the Olympic Club
will hold a live bird race on the same
grounds, and the Empire Gun Club- will
operate at Alameda Point. :. .
\N. H. Neustadter had the pleasure of
paying for a dinner for -eight gunmen at
a downtown rotisserie last T,uesday night.
The dinner was the outcome of a live
bird match between the host and Otto
Feudner a week ago. .. Feudner, by some
remarkable shooting, overcame the handi
cap allowed Neustadter and the latter had
to stand the , expense of a banquet for
the. following well-known devotees of tbe
sport:,; Achille Roos, Otto Feudner.
George H.' T. Jackson. Peter Walsh, H.
Stelling Jr.. W. J. Golcher and H. B. Hos
mer.. ; v_.
V' The annual State inanimate target shool
will be held at Ingleside on the 25th and
26th of this month under the auspices of
tne California Inanimate Target —ssocla
.uon.'- \.j ¦ - . ¦
Reside two teams com
l?^ v 0 U A^}} l i Roos - N - H. Neustadter
?, n V t J : Odl <*er and H. B. Hosmer. G."
Si* ; rt i a » k «?, on and °i to Feu dner will con
test for a. dinner, .to be paid by the losing
tea * m / I'""'^^^^! rale from
a thirty-yard rise.' The losers . will also
gave the pleasure of paying for the dead
4»£r& nd - a &^ Ml *y3l9; the .Olympic Club
will hold a big day at Ingleside - The best
programme-yet; offered by the club will
be presented, and as It will be the last
chance^to practice before the big tourna
ment.there is every probability of a large
outpouring of gunmen. Handsome prizes
will be. awarded the victors in the follow
ing events: HB3BH
Prize Shoots That Will Keep
Marfcsnien Busy at Ingle
side and at Alameda Point
TRAP SHOOTERS
ARRANGE FOR
MANY EVENTS
At a meeting of the Ariel Rowing Club
held on Monday night it was decided to
begin work on the new boathouse- as soon
' as possible and a committee was appolnt
efl by President E. J. Lynch, with full
.Ijower to draw on the club funds, for the
purpose of having the necessary surveys
• and plans made. The committee consists
of W. T.,Howe, L. Franks, F. W. Col
lins. W. McKee and Charles Wilson. Tbe
. house will be built on a rock distant about
a hundred yards from the shore and af
- f oroing an excellent location for the pur
poses of a boat club. Concrete piers and
walls in addition to the rock' will make
a. fine foundation arid there will always
be deep water fpr swimming and launch
ing boats at any state of the tide. Though
the Ariel Club has not yet been served
with notice to quit the present quarters
oh Long Wharf it is expected. that service
- of the notice will not be delayed long and
It !e hoped to have the lower story of the
new house ready for use when the old
quarters have to be given up. The second
can be added later as funds permit. Plans
for a boathouse forty feet by seventy feet
have been already drawn up, but the com
mittee will visit the- other "houses round
the bay before finally adopting them. In
consequence of the removal from Long
Wharf to the new site the proposed club
regatta may be given up. x>r it may be held
as a farewell ; ceremony. The new site
was granted by the Harbor Commission
ers, who promised that the oarsmen will
not be disturbed in its enjoyment.
The Pioneer Rowing Club held .t meet
ing at its boathouse on Long Wharf on
Sunday -and appointed a committee of
which T. Sands Is chairman, -to wait on
the Harbor Commissioners and ask them
to allot a site for* a boathouse to the
club.
At the club regatta of the South -End
oarsmen last Sunday George McGrill In
a shell beat James P. Foley in !a wherry
by one length over the Long Bridge
course. In a four-oared barge race Frank
Dupllssea'* crew -beat E. Scull v's crew.
The winning crew was made up of C C.
Dennis, bow; Emil Blumlein, 2; E. Pallas,
3: Frank Dupllssea.* stroke, and Robert
Thedy, cockswain/ The losing crew con
sisted of A. Carson, bow: E. McDuffy. 2;
J* P. Foley, 3: E. Scully., stroke, and Al
bert Sonnenbergr. 'cockswain. The race to
the turn was close, but on the way home
Duplissea's crew took the lead, and won
by two lengths. Robert Thedy . uid good
work as cockswain. . L _;. ¦
OARSMEN PLAN
I FOR NEW .'HOUSES
The employes of the Union . Park
ciation have banded together for the pur
pose of bringing off a stake. The condi
tions Imposed make the affair one of great
Interest, not only to the nominators, .but
to the patrons of the game. The meeting
will be held on Thursday next, and al
ready the boys are looking for 'the best
material in the midweek class of coursers.
The loser of a, first course will be fined,
and no guarding will be permitted. That
the event is to be exclusive is shown by
the fact that nominators- must take their
hounds to the KJips, catch them after the
trial and return them to the kennel.- Dea
con Edel will alternate with Judge Grace
in the saddle, and George McE. Malcolm
will take turns with Jim Grace. at the
slips. . .
Nothing will be left undone to make the
affair a top-notcher In coursing circles. l -
Frank McComb has purchased - Hot
Haste and Sir Van. Hot Haste: is one
of the good performers and ranks among
the fastest youngsters of the day.
Honesty has whelped two ' puppies to
For Freedom. ¦"---: . ' • -'.
'William Perry has been given a license
by the committee. .
Tbe Pasha kennels ¦ have purchased
Wayfarer from H. Perigo. Wayfarer is a
litter brother of Emin Pasha, whose death
was ¦ recently recorded, and is. held - by
many to be the best. dog ever coursed in
America., When but .seventeen ..months
I old the grand courser made the phenom-
I enal record of three.' straight .stake vic
tories without allowing his opponents. to
score a single point. With Flying Buck.
Royal Buck, Skyball, Right Bower and
other fast ones* as contestants in these
events.- Wayfarer's . performances are,' in
deed, unchallenged. .Wayfarer, will take
¦ Emin Pasha's position in the Pasha ken-
I nels' stud./': . : . - • . -
\ ¦' J. H. -Rosscter, R. .K. Malcolm arid D.
Delury have ,been appointed a committee
to take: charge of the California Coursing
Committee stake, which is on the card for
Coursing Event With Spcc ; al
Conditions Will B ; Run at
Union Park Thursday Next
MIDWEEK DAY
FOR EMPLOYES'
NOVEL STAKE
The open': tournament' of : the San Rafael
Golf Club .held last Saturday brought out
some close contests' in the men's event,
B. b. Adamson and Warren Gregory ty
ing /or first place with a score of. 103 for
the' eighteen holes, S. L. Abbot "Jr. 'and
H. ¦ C. Golcher tying for third . olace with
10S, J. W. Byrne handing in 109, and R.
Gilman Brown 110. P. E.' Bowles Sr.;and
P. E. Bowles Jr. were the 'only members
of "the Oakland- Golf Club who olayed,
though Ernest R.'Folger, J. A. Folger and
others had entered. When the tie between
B.'D. Adamson and Warren Gregory was
played off over eighteen, holes last: Sun-,
day imornlng B. D. ¦ Adamson ; proved an
easy winner wlth'a . score of 104 to \V.
Gregory's 114, and captured the handsome
three-handled silver cup. Some surprise
was expressed that the-* winner* did not
hand in a score below 100 for the two
rounds, but It may be said that the
course Is narrow . and that a mistaka is
heavily penalized. It is,' however." very
sporty and offers plenty of -opportunities
for good golf. Y' '
To-day was se,t for the return match
between 'teams of the San Rafael and
Sausalito^ Golf 'clubs, but the game has
been postponed for two weeks, as R. G,H
man Brown and Dr. H. O. Howitt of the
San Rafael team are absent and the Sau
salito : Club has .been -weakened by the
departure of the Albatross, the officers of
which . are -' enthusiastic- golfers.. ; F. B.
Findley; one of the strongest Sausalito
players, is also out of practice, vlt Is expect
ed that both clubs will- be able to get to
gether . teams more fairly I representative
of their strength on the 25th. The recent
rain has brought up the thistles and the
thick grass on the Sausalito course . and
made play difficult. The; clubhouse Is
nearly ready for occupancy, thpugh ?lho
lockers have not yet been put in. It ;is
probable that the visit of ; the San Rafael
golfers ; will ' be , made ' the occasion of ;a
house-warming.^ - ; --. - ', ', : -' •¦
The^Redlands , Country ; Club how , has
comfortable * quarters in . a large, r- roomy
bungalow :surrounded Ion .three sides'Sby
a broad • The interior woodwork
of , the living-room " is • dark'; green, .' which
makes an effective contrast with the great
fireplace, of red 'brick, above and-; around
which is a gallery for -musicians. ; Behind
the i living-room i; are , the v dressing-rooms,
one for each sex, the kitchen and pantry;
and off the main . hall is •. the tearoom, . a
semi-circular apartment , with ; lattice tfno*
dows and: an open - fireplace. The " new
GOLFERS TAKE
: • A SHORT REST
eighteen-hole course is now in' order. The
club has a list of seventy-eight "regular"
artj five "junior" members. The officers
are as follows: President, F. P. Morri
son; vice president, A. E. Stirling: secre
tary andV treasurer, J. H. Fisher: directors
—the above and George E. Otis. A. S.
Auchinloss.H.M. Paine, L. D. Schaffer,
P. C. Hornby and Henry .Fisher.
Likely. winners in to-day's stake are For
Glory, Motto, Bohe. Random Aim, Jingle
Bells, Rocker, Mayflower,' Sir Pasha, Aga
memnon, '-Vandal, Tapioca, Castaway,
Warship. Charta, . O - K Capital, .'Master
Workman.' Master Rocket, America. Belle
Rocket;' Wedgewood, -. Royal Anne, Repre
sentative, War Eagle, Homer Boy, . Risky-
Attempt* Harlean Gladys," Rural Artist,
Rosie Clalr,. Hot ; Haste,. 'Athena,-* -White
Hat. Shadow,- Lundin. Links. Flying Fox-
Little Sister, Ploughboy.t Ollta. Dewdrop.
Spiteful, Daisy Clalr, Aeneas, Echo, Royal
Fashion. Blackhead,- Fiery Face.' Sir Lau
rence; "Miss : 'Wilson,- Flora » McDonald,'
Roman Athlete.- Bells of Shandong Luxor
Candelaria.' Fashion Plate." Narcissus, Sil
ver Cloud.iBlack Flush." Ireland, Log Boy ".
Herschel'8'PrlOe and ; Santonin. ¦- . - .'
. Puppy stake-rGreyfeld, Tiburon,. Merri
/wa.\ Jesiby, 1 . Kitchener, Cosey, Freeze Out
and Cold Shiv«i.-s.; :. v . . v . •
¦;¦ The Eastern Judge at: the bench" show
took kindly- to For Freedom and 5 named
him the winner in the- free for all class.
The • decision is certainly *a' satisfactory
one , and . proves the courser's: claims. For
Freedom in his running 'days won every
atake in which he was named 1 in America,
including big open : stakes, : champion
events and open plains meetings.; Among
other. winners were. Cruiser,, Fortuna Fa
.vente. Connemara, : Cavalier '• and .-Young
America. ' fl1tytmTHi°B?'^ffW'c'lr*ff** ; agfe- ¦ '. ¦, -..
: J. R. Smith has sold Password .to J. L.
Erwin. and Sylvanus, Jennie Wilson, In
jury,: Petronlus - 'and -Kenneth -to 8. A.-
Smith. ¦'-:, , ¦ <..-. . ¦ • ¦¦*¦;
; F. B. • Gerber has registered Mount Ida
and Rienzi in his own name. -
The coursing board has imposed a fine
on the Los Angeles, Vallejo and San Jose
clubs for allowing, unregistered, dogs to
course in stakes under their, management.
The following breedings have been reg
istered: Dudley Diamond to. Snowdrop,
May 3; Gold- Hill to- Richmond Queen,
May. 5; Pretender to, Trinket,, May 1; For
tuna Favente to: Recording : Angel, April
27; For Freedom to Miller's Rabble, ? April
29: Emin Pasha- to Twin City Girl, April 27.
Little Wonder has whelped a. litter of
eight puppies to' Emin Pasha." Little Won
der is the dam of the great, courser White
head: -.:. - - : i.- . . ¦ :
.T. J. Cronin has registered Tfalee Boy,
by Wild Tralee out of Just Eclipsed. Tim's
youngster is considered the best'of the lit
ter.:. ¦ , '¦-¦'¦. . -;.:• '.;':-. : r'- v - ¦ -.- -
the 26th. ; One of the features will be the
addition of more money -for, the contest
ants. Special prizes will be: given to dogs
beaten -by the winner, the runner-up and
by the dogs getting third'and fourth posi
tion. This • will; insure for nearly every
entry a slice of the prize money. .-•¦¦"'•;.
C. W. Edgcumbe has been elected a rep
resentative > from :the Vallejo Coursing
Club, vice, C.'G. Pearl. • :. . •
The singles tournament of tha San
Francisco Handball Club will: com
mence on May 20. The contestants In tha
various classes are hard at work prepar
ing themselves for the coming games.
morrow: W. Williams . and J. Lawless vs.
D. Connelly and M. Joyce;, W. Fisher and
G. B. Hayward vs. M. Basch and W. H.
Sieberst; H. H. Lissner and J. J. Kavan
augh vs. W. Walsh and R. Longabach;
N. J. Prendergast and L. Waterman vs. K.
McDonald and D. J. Sheehan : P. M. Mc-
Intyre and P. JMcKlnnon vs. G. McDonald
and M. McLeod; 21. Dillon and A. Pen
noyer vs. G. Hutchinson and J. McDer
mott; Ed White and T. Serres vs. J.
Glynn and Eugene White; WV Magulra
and J. White vs. J. Collins and E. Curley;
A. Hampton and M. J. Kilgallon vs. J. C.
Nealon and R. LJnehan.
HANDBALL CONTESTS.
At the San* Francisco handball courts
the following games will be played to-
Tho victory of J. T. Carrier's sloop Jes
*'<» E In the race of the California Yacht
CJub proves her to be a fast boat. The
*=v.or. Edna, the present holder of the
Wallace cup, will have no walkover In the
annual race for that trophy on Decora
tion day. The victory of the Jessie E re
flects crreat credit on her owner, who de
pipned and built her entirely himself. She
is a keel boat, and is constructed of un-
UFiAJly strong and grood material.
Measurer Thomas Jenning-s of the Cor
irthian Yacht Club is compiling a record
of V.ie measurement of all the boats In
Ijm fleet, to be used as the basis for cal
**"'aticn of time allowance in all races,
when any changes affecting a yacht's
measurement are made the secretary or
reeas-nrer must be notlSed. - - - ¦
The whole fleet, with one or two excep
tions, of the San Francisco Yacht Club
lias been remeasured according to' the
Seawanhaka-Corlnthian plan, and as a
result the racing length of the boats has
b*en considerably reduced.' According to
tbe old system in vogue in the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club of adding the over all and
water line measuremnts and dividing the
sum by two. the schooner Lurline had a
tailing length of 76.S5 feet. Under the sys
tem "now used her racing length, while
still the highest, is 62.50 feet. H. R.
Simpkins' yawl Tramontana will not take
psxt !n the race, as she Is not yet In com
mission. "-- i
The California Yacht Club will follow
its schedule and will cruise to-night to
Ixine Tree Cove, Angel Island, returning
to-morrow. Most of the boats will have
ladies on this cruise. Next Saturday the
California yachtsmen will cruise up to
Mere Island, returning on the following
<iay. Commodore S. S. Marshall's sloop
. Thelcaa suffered serious damage from a
collie ion with the freight steamer Transit
last Saturday evening. She was prepar
.irp to sail down the creek, with the view
of anchoring for the night off the narrow
jrtug-e mole, -when the accident occurred,
tha wind being so light that she had no
steerage way. The steamer, on the way
to her slip, struck the yacht full amid
ships on the port side, carrying away her
rigglup and crushing the side of the deck
house in two places.
All the streams are reported to be run
ning , clear. In the larger streams there
ia a great deal of snow water, making bait
f.rhlng better than fly.
J. A. Pariser fished in the estuary on
Wednesday afternoon and caught five
bass averaging from two to two and a
half pounds. He landed a four and a half
and a five and a half at once, something
unusual. r ' .- •• ,
J. Bliss landed five striped baas on
Thursday night. Both men fished In the
vicinity of Cntton Mill Point/
Al Wilson fished in San Leandro Bay on
Thursday and landed seven fine fish. The
largest weighed seven and a half pounds.
The San Francisco Flycasting Club will
hold a meeting at Stow Lake this after
noon and another to-morrow morning.
George Walters. • Charles ¦ Breitensteln
and Charles Precht caught many fish In
Lake Pilarcitos last Sunday. They aver
aged thirty-five fish apiece.
Frank Vernon, as usual, will Journey to
Point Reves on Sunday.!
¦ J. Erons, J. Karney and J. Maynard
fished for striped bass at Sears Point last
Sunday without success.
W. F.' Sbattuck. and son fished at the i
Petaluma Gun Club reserve and San An- ,
tonic Creek, and young Shattuck landed
an eight-pounder. The father and son got
four fish between them.
A. Power and Tom Power went to Boca
last Sunday and between the two they
brought away eight fine fish. They aver
aged nine Inches. Bait and spoon wera
.used chiefly.
ANGLERS WHO
HAVE SUCCFSS
tember, If at all. Jeffries, as- soon. as his
contract -expires with Brady, will come
West and then there will be a fight in
which the local managers will be involved.
The San Francisco Club, claims this big
plum undeniably. So does the "Twentieth
Century, for that matter. The chances of
lively bidding seem ripe.
For its July date the San Francisco
Club negotiated with Jack Moffatt and
Jack Root. Pooler, who manages Mof
fatt. wants none of Root, who, he says, m
too heavy for his man. So this fight Is
off. but there are others that are in the
mind's eye. 4 v
The San'Franci3co Athletic Club has th»
July date. At. first that organization
promised something novel In fisticuffs for
the Fourth of July— an op«n air perform
ance in which the heavyweights would do
a brief . turn or two and then pass out.
But this has been knocked in the head by
the Indisposition of the heavyweights who
will not be aeen here until August or Sep-
seen a.id the edge of curiosity ha3 been
worn away with the outpouring of eleven
odd thousand dollars, the size of the
house when he fought Gardner. Terry
has made a good impression, but the pub
lic calls upon him to sustain it in a fight
with a man who is his match.
Hererra is not taken very seriously by
the sporting public, yet he has done soma
excellent- work, is strong and talks brave
ly The people from Bakersfleld are anx
ious to back him. but they have never seen
McGovern fight when he had to fight, so
their opinions and reckless offers do not
count for much. It 13 true that Hererra
is young. Gardner Is old. Hererra has
confidence and Gardner had none. The
fight after all might amount to something.
It certainly ought to be more of a contest
than the McGovern-Gardner affair while
• It is strange but nevertheless true that
this match will be regarded by the public
In the same light aa a preliminary and
the preliminary as the principal event.
The Impression made by Dougherty and
McFadden in their ten-round mlxup Is
held in memory by th9 patrons of the
game and many will flock to the National
Club's next offering for no better reason,
than to see these bantams at it again.
Dougherty has gained weight as
well as friends since his arrival here and
many look for a wiping out of the . ref
eree's bad decision when the Philadelphi
an crosses with the Frisco "kid."
• • *
McGovern on the Calendar for
the. Month — Heavy Weigh's
Will Not Show for a Time
The fight this month will be between
Hererra and McGovern before the Nation
al Sporting Club at popular prices. As
a preliminary Danny Dougherty and Kid
McFadden will try fistic conclusions.
The wise men from the Cast who cams
out to San Francisco do not like the at
titude of the local ring goers. They say
that too much is wanted for the money in
this Western town and that just to see
Terry McGovern fight is show enough for
a shining gold piece. Thi3 of course is a
fallacy. Ring goers in this city expect
more than a show for their money. What
they want at all time3 is a fight and
the closer the contest the better satis
fied Is the public. McGovern has been
PLANS OF THE
PROMOTERS OF
PRIZEFIGHTS
YACHT RACE
FROM VALLEJO
TO SAUSALITO
San Francisco Fleet Accompa
nied by Corinthians Wi' I Sail
Up the Bay This Afternoon
At 3 o'clock this afternoon, on signal
from the flagship Ramona, the fleet of the
Sar Francisco Yacht Club will set sail
from Sausalito for Vallejo. The/ Cor
inthian fleet will also cruise up to Vallejo
to-day and will anchor off Mare Island.
To-morrow the first race of the season
from Vallejo to Sausalito will take place
among the yachts of the San Francisco
fleet. There was to have-been a reception
and jinks at Vallejo to-night, at which
the commodore and members of the Val
lejo Yachting and Boating Club were to
have been hosts of the city yachtsmen,
but the clubhouse at Vallejo is not yet far
enough advanced to receive visitors, and
eo, for the present at least, the entertain
ment has been called off.
On the occasion of the San Francisco
Yccht Club's first trial of speed from Val
lejo to Sausalito on May 21, 1899,. J. D.
Spreckels* schooner Lurline was the
siar-c'ard boat, all the other craft receiv
ing a time allowance from her. After a
very interesting and close finish the
•schooner Aggie, then owned by E. A.
Wilu-ee.' won the prize flag for. best cor
rected time by a margin of less than'four
minutes, inclusive of 2 minutes 39 sec
onds time allowance. G. E. Billings'
sloop Nixie took the prize flag offered to
the- yacht finishing first. In that race the
time allowances were allotted at the be
ginning, the yachts crossing the starting
line in order, the smallest first and the
largest last. All the yachts, too, were in
cluaed in one class. On this occasion
sloops and yawls under 35 feet fn racing
length will be in class I, and schooners.
sloops and yawls over 35 feet in racing
kngth will form class II. The signal for
the small boats in class I to start will be
a blast from the whistle of Port Captain
James Kittui man's launch America at 9
a. m., ten minutes being allowed within
which to cross the line. At 9:59 a. m. a
blrst from the whistle of the launch
America will give the signal for the start
of class II, cen minutes being allowed.
The starting line will be an imaginary one
dr^wn from the launch America across
the Carquinez Straits to the gangway of
the T.'nited States reeelvins ship Inde
pendence. The finishing line will ¦ be
dra^in from the San Francisco Yacht
CJub house at Sausallto to a stakeboat
anchored about four hundred yards di- :
rectly off the club wharf. The stakeboat
must be left on the starboard hand, and :
time will be taken by officials on the
IKjrch of the clubhouse. The yacht in each
etesp making the fastest corrected time
will receive a prize flag. The following
are the yachts of the club, with the time
allowances based on their racing length;
THE annual tennis tournament for
the championship of the Aca
demic League will be played at
9:30' this morning on the Califor
nia Club courts. Teams repre
senting all the high schools around the
bay will take part. Owing to the increas
ing popularity of the' game a large entry
is expected.
Last year Lowell High School, repre
sented by Drummond McGavin and Al
Roser-berg, carried off the honors in* both
singles and doubles, and it looks as if that
school wiy acain be on top this year.
Lowell will be represented by Al Rosen
berg. 8nd Norman Hodgklnson. who are
by far; the best players in the league.
These two young cracks are near the top
of the second class in: the California Ten
nis Club. Rosenberg is , afflicted . with
heart trouble and may not be able to play,
and In this' case his place will be taken by
Carl Gardener in the doubles. Hodgkin
son will play the singles, as Rosenberg
Championship Tennis Tournament of the Academic Athletic League
Will Be Fdtight Out on the California Club
will play in the doubles only, if at all.
It is the intention of the managers to
finish the singles and doubles to-day, and
for this reason but one' set will be played
in the preliminary matches, two out of
three in the seml-flnals and three out of
five in the finals. If not finished ¦ to-day •
the i final matches will be played next ;
Saturday morning. . • , *
The most promislr-g players on the coast
at present are Drummond McGavin,
Harry Wlehe, Al Rosenberg, Norman. ;
Hodgkinson'-and Grant Smith.' One or
ntt>re of these players will undoubtedly
be champion of the coast before many
years have passed. Of the lower class
men the most promising are'Duval Mcofe,
Sidney Salisbury and Chester Smith.
McGavin- of California 'and Wiehe of
Stanford have played tennis at the Cali
fornia Club courts for years and their im
provement: in .the last few" months has
been very steady. The former ; - will play
in the championship tournament on the
Fourth of. July, but the latter. will be un
able to play on account of -a dislocated
shculder. . ,
Al Rosenberg and Norman Hodgkinson,
both' of Lowell High School, -were un
heard of till a few months ago, but are
now near the top , of ; the " second class.
Grant Smith, with 'but -three years of ex
perience to his' credit,' is well up ,in the
second ; class. ,
The tournament -'at Sacramento for the
championship of Northern California has
been engaging: the attention °^ ne . ";'_,,,_
cracks during the past week. The dwbU*
v was won- by Porter brothers of JV °°dIdWi.
V who defeated, the champions. Elliott and
Budgett, of Penryn. Several « w £ Itl0 "
matches were played by Professor Daily,
the professional, and R. N. Whitney, one
of the best players on the coast. -
The singles event will probably be won
by H. Elliott of Penryn. who will nave
for his opponent Allen of Woodland.
Dr. Phillip of the California Tennis Club
has been .playing a remarkable game of
late. and. although taking no part in any
of the tournaments, can give any of the
second class men a rub. The doctor, who
is nearly 50 years of age, is a marvel of
speed on the courts, and his back court,
work is very accurate.
There will be a tournament . to-day at
Kcitt's School for the championship of
that academy. There will probably be an
impromptu tournament at the California
tennis courts to-morrow.
YOUNGER RACKET EXPERTS MOVE TO THE FRONT AND WIN
HONORS AND PRIZES FROM THE OLD-TIMERS ON THE COURTS
SPORTS TENNIS, BOXING, YACHTING, GOLF, TRAP SHOOTING,
The san franoisco caltl, Saturday, max ii; isoi.
4
1 Time
Racing i Allow -
TACHT. Rig;. Length, a nee.
Feet. M.S.
Class I—
Catherine Sloop 23.56 23:09
Folly ..*..... Cutter 27.07 17:56
Aeolus Sloop 27.72 15:38
Spray Yawl 27.78 15:19
Surprise Sloop 27. S3 15:00
Naiad Yawl , 28.01 i 14:41
Siren Sloop 28.10 | 14:22
Juanita. Sloop I
Oj-Enua Sloop 28.85 12:13
Phyllis Yawl 31.00 5:5S
Thetis Sloop 33:31 0:00
CUES II—
Mischief Sloop 39.65 30:32
Nlxle Sloop S9.8J 29:5S
Tramontana Yawl .. 46.75 18:34
"White Wing* Schooner.
Chlspa Schooner.. 47.04 18:08-
Virginia ...J. Schooner.. ..... ¦ ¦;
Rs.ir>ona Schooner.. 5.0.78- li:ll'
Aggie Schooner.. 60.78 1:45 .
Lurline Schooner.. 62.50 0:00
1 Time
Racing i Allow -
TACHT. Rig;. Length, a nee.
Feet. M.S.
Class I—
Catherine Sloop 23.56 23:09
Folly ..*..... Cutter 27.07 17:56
Aeolus Sloop 27.72 15:38
Spray Yawl 27.78 15:19
Surprise Sloop 27. S3 15:00
Naiad Yawl , 28.01 i 14:41
Siren Sloop 28.10 | 14:22
Juanita. Sloop I
Oj-Enua Sloop 28.85 12:13
Phyllis Yawl 31.00 5:5S
Thetis Sloop 33:31 0:00
CUES II—
Mischief Sloop 39.65 30:32
Nlxle Sloop S9.8J 29:5S
Tramontana Yawl .. 46.75 18:34
"White Wing* Schooner.
Chlspa Schooner.. 47.04 18:08-
Virginia ...J. Schooner.. ..... ¦ ¦;
Rs.ir>ona Schooner.. 5.0.78- li:ll'
Aggie Schooner.. 60.78 1:45 .
Lurline Schooner.. 62.50 0:00_ NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. May 10.— Waddell pitched In rreat
form to-day. He allowed but five hits, struck
out seven men and won his own game with a
terrific home run drive to the centerfleld fence,
with two men on bases. Attendance 500. Score:
'^^ : \ -''"'¦¦ ¦¦' R- .-" H. E.
Chlcagro '.'..... '4. ¦ ';?' ": 2
St. Louis 1 5. 0
Batteries— Waddell and Kling; Jones and
Ryan^p Umpire— Emslle.
• P1TTSBURG. May 10.— TanneMU's fine pitch
ing, backed by brilliant fleldmg..was too. much
for the visitors to-day. The game was called
during the. first half of the eighth Inning on
account of darkness. Attendance 3500. Score:
R. H. \ K.
Plttsburg- 3 5 * 2
Cincinnati 0 7 3
Batteries— Tannehlll and Zlmmer; Newton
and Kahoe. Umpire— Dwyer.
,At Boston — Philadelphia-Boston game was -
postponed on account of wet crounds.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND, May 10.— Cleveland lost the
third game of the series to Chicago because all
the mlsplays counted against the home team.
Attendance 500. Score:
R H E.
Cleveland 4 [ 10 ' ' ;»"»>
Chicago 5 9 0
Batteries — Hart and Teaser; Patterson. Grif
fith and Sullivan.
'MILWAUKEE. May 10.— With' the assistance
o"f the umpire Detroit won the last game of the
series. Duffy was put out of the game for
protesting a decision of the umpire, who called
him out at flrst when he was clearly safe.
Attendance laOO. Score: ¦¦ -
R. H. - E.
Milwaukee 8 11 3
Detroit v ...7 .. u " 11^- 1
Batteries— Sparks and Leahy ; . Crcaln. . Miller
and Buelow.
At Boston — Game between Philadelphia and
Boston was .postponed on account of wet
grounds. • ¦ ¦ ¦
GHAMPIONSHIP CUP FOR
WINNER OF TOURNAMENTS
Handsome Silver Prize as the Reward for a
Series of 'Victories- in - Coast Singles.
EASY VICTORY
FOR BLUE AND
GOLD ATHLETES
University., of. Washington Is
¦~, Defeated - by a Score That
Is Altogether One -Sided
SEATTLE. May 10.— The track and field
meet between the University of California
and the University of "Washington result
ed - in an overwhelming victory i for the
former.' the score of points being 812-3»to
SS 1-3. : Summary: •
- lCO-yard dash— Cadosran first, Hussey second.
Brown third, all of California. Time. :10.
Running broad Jumn-Caulklns « Washington)
flrst,- 21 feet: 5 Inches: Cheek (California) sec
ond. Hnsaey (California) third.
120-yard hurdle — Powell- (California) first.
Cheelc (California) second. ¦ Hill (Washington)
third. Time. :1S 2-5. • • • ¦
Mile run— Dead heat between Service and
Redewlll . (California) . for flrst. Twttchell
( Washington) third. Time. 4:57.
¦ High Jump— Cooley and Hoffman- (California)
tied for first at 5 feet S% inches. Grant (Wuh
ington) and Cheek and Powell (California) tied
for third at 5 feet 7% Inches.
220-yard dash— Cadogan (California) won,
Pearson (Washington) second. Brown (Cali
fornia) third. Time, :23 4-5.
•Shot put— Plaw (California) won with 42 feet
6 - Inches. Shock second. 35 feet 1 Inch, and
Thayer third.
. The half-mile resetted In. a Northwest rec
ord. Service (California) wlnnlnr to J:08; Rede*
will second. * Boyce (Washington) third. '
Quarter-mile — Chestnut (Washington) won.
Squires (California) second. Brown (California)
third. Time. :53 2-5.
Hammer throw— Plaw (California) won with
125 feet 10 inches." Fields (Washington) second.
95 feet, and Thayer thlrd.
220-yard hurdle— Powell and Cheek (Califor
nia) flrst and second, Cosgrore (Washington)
third. Time, :26 1-3. , .
Discus throw— Fields won,with 109 feet *4
Inches. Plaw second with 94 feet &tf Inches,
Thayer third with 94 feet 1% Inches.
Pole ¦ vault— Hoffman (California) first. 19
feet 3 Inches; Sargent and Landing (Washing
ton) tied for second at 9 feet 11 Inches. Hoff
man made an exhibition vault of 11 feet 4
inches, establishing a new record. : '
FISHING, RACING, BASEBALL, ROWING, HAND BALL SPORTS
The memberchlp of the Olympic Club
1 was limited to ?250 last night by a vote of
the board of directors.. There are now
I orty-eigbt on the waiting Hat. ¦
JSIembership Limited.
Dies From His Injuries.
v "William P. AVIUiams.who ; fell from a
cliff i at . Tesla" ; some •;. time 5 ago; ' receiving
internal Injuries,': died' in St.'.Luke's-,Hos
pital -; yesterday. - His -body was -.taken I in
charge .by the Coroner. : "'; .-•"-¦¦'¦ .' *'
Underj Arrest . for, Burglary."
¦ Louis, Lacazette, a ybuhg man, ; was ar
rested' yesterday by Detectlyes* Harper
and 'Armstrong I and : booke J -on two
charges .of -burglary. He is accused of
breaking into two -rooms In a lodging
house at. 1313 ix Stockton;; street -several
nights age and stealingrTa' valuable gold
. .watch " and "some ; clothing.
New Trustee of Public Library.
The Board of Trustees of the San Fran
cisco Free Public Library has elected Shel
don G. Kellogg to flir the vacancy, on ; the
board caused by the recent death, of John
S. Hittell. Mr. : Kellogg is recognized as
one of: the. best. read:men in -Kngllsh' lit
erature, and it is believed that his!knowl
edge of ; English and- general 1 ; literature
will be of great value' in the selection 'of
new books for the library.
INTERCOLLEGIATE GOLF.
ATLANTIC CITY. N. J.. May .10.— "When
the eight Intercollegiate golf players
started on the semi-final round over the
Northfield links to-day for the individual
championship the course was in a terrible
condition on account of last night's rain.
First-class golf was out of the question.
Richardson,- Harvard, beat "Wadsworth.
Harvard, 5 up; Myers. Yale, beat Curtis,
Harvard. 2 up and 1 to play; Robertson,
Yale, boat Lindsley. Harvard, 2 up;
Hitchcock, Yale, beat Wilson, Princeton,
2 up.
Brother Against Brother.
RICHMOXD. Va., May 10.— Tom Vardon
beat J.'P'ernie by 3 up and 2 to play. Harry
Vardon easily beat James Brand by 3 up
and 5 to play. Thus two brothers have
qualified to meet in the final round to be
played to-morrow.
Wants ; Lousier Disbarred.
; There was a fair/attendance- of dele
gates at the regular meeting of the board
of, the Pacific Association of the Amateur
Athletic Union, held. last night. ; The Bay
City Athletic Club was declared elected
a member, of the association.
A letter was read from. John Elliott,
secretary of : the^ Olympic ',TClub; stating
that, while acting as referee of the Stan
ford and University of . California track
and field sports on* April 20, he had' ruled
off Vincent- Lousley for ungrentlemanly
coricluct In' jostling Walsh in the mile walk
and forcing :¦ him ; into the , bleachers.' He
recommended'. that; Lousley be suspended
from amateur competitions for .a period
of - eighteen months. : The • letter > was re
ferred to the" registration committee,
which 1 consists" of J. K.. 1 ' Bookman, A: P.
Rothkopf and Herbert Hauser. '
Much discussion ensued as -to whether
the clubs in the. association shall be per
mitted to give professional boxing bouts
in their own quarters or elsewhere, but it
was stated- that 1 any; action in ) this'direc
tion would I cause the > Reliance and Stock
ton Athletic clubs to leave ' the associa
tion. The matter, was laid on the table,
and the ; next monthly meeting : of - the
board will be made a general meeting, at
which the question will be taken up. • An
application of the, HayesWalley Athletic
Club for admission to the association was
ref erred to the registration committee.
-'After the 'meeting of the association a
meetings of ;the ; regatta . committee was
held. . T.' ; Sands ? of . the : Pioneer/. Rowing
Club resigned as chairman of the commit
tee end J.r A." Geddes of the Ariel Rowing:
Club was elected chairman. -It was stated
that * the city of Oakland intends t to hold
a' gre at celebration : on July 4," and > has re
qut-stedall the civic organizations of Ala
medaCountv to take part in.it; "It Is pro^
posed that the oarsmen of the bay should
offer to participate in an aquatic carnival
to be .held on; I>ake ' Merritt. which *. baa
now: .been dredged; .and >* offers .a* good
course. ¦¦ . : iWHrfll^ n ™ M^ 1 itWfflHIM*8Kln!rrfHB
EASTERN RACES.
CINCINNATI, May 10.— Newport summaries:
Seven furlongs— Black Vlsrll won. River Prin
cess second, Isaac third. Time. 1:29. •
One mile— Annie Lauretta won. Miss Redwood
second *Dr. Black third. Time. 1:42.
Four' and a half furlonps— Andy "Williams
won. El Glva tsecond, 13en Williams third.
Time, :56.
Six furlongs— Iris won, Erema second,' Eva
"Wilson third. Time. 1:15. . . - . • .. , ..
Six furlongs, selling— Lady Kent won. Fairy
Dell second, Rottaire third. Time. 1:14%.
One mile, selling— Passalc won, McCleary eec
ond. Randy third. Time, 1:42.
CHICAGO, May 10.— Worth summaries:
Six furlongs— Guy H won, John Drake second.
Remark third.- Time, 1:16. :
Six furlongs— Linsome. won. Olekma second,
MarK Miles third.' Time, 1:16^. ¦
Five furlonus — Minerva won. Aransas second
Blue Ridco third. Time. 1:02 4-5.
• One mile and a quarter, selling— Leone Well
won Vlncennes second, Laureate third. Time
2:0SVi. - * . - \
Six furlongs, selling— Braw Lad won, Irma S
second. Incandescent third. Time. 1:14 4-5.-.
One -mile, selling— Birdie D won, -Damadge
second, -Annowan third. Time, 1:42.
ST. LOUIS. May 10.— Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Samlval won, BIdtllla
second. Mystery. third. Time. 1:20. . -
Five furlongs — Dave Somers won, . Father
Wentker second, Trlstrain third. Time.' 1-08
Four and a half ¦ furloncs— HuntresBa - won
Lacrimae second, Jungfrau third. Time, 1:00
Seven furlongs— Ml w Aubrey won. Blink sec
ond. Ampere third. Time. l:30',4.
Six furlongs, selling— Echo Dale won Alea
second, Harry Duke third.' -Time, l:20H
One mile -and seventy yards, celling— Zonone
won. Saline second, Little Tommy Tucker third
Time, .l:53Vt- . . % ., k,
LOUISVILI^:. May lO.-Churchill Downs re
sults: • - >/ ' '; . , _ . •; :
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Stuyve "won
Maid of Dundee second. Badger third. Time -Rl'
.' Six and a half furlongs— Moses won. Locust
Blossom second,. Sam P.' Cochran third.. Time '
l\XS>W- '¦¦-¦' ¦ " ','¦-¦ ¦-''
Gentlemen's cup, one mile— Plramo won King'
Elkwood second, Don Clarencio . third. 'Time.
The Juvenile stakes. ' five furlongs— Jordan
won. Harry Beck second, Hans Wagner third
Time. 1:04. . , . . . --,, , #
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Leo '-Kin*
won. Janowood second, Zolo third... Time 1-65
.Six furlongs, selling— High Jinks .won, Opera
Girl second. The Butcher third. Time, 1 -is -
SUIT DISMISSED APTER ¦.£.£
PENDING HALF A CENTURY
It Had. Remained as a Cloud Upon the
Title to Private Prop
erty.
"A case that had been pending for forty
seven years In. the United States District
Court was dismissed yesterday by Judge
de Haven on motion of George D. Squires
on the ground of lack of prosecution. i
: The suit was instituted on April 14. 1854,
by Geonre* Gordon against D. G. Camp
bell. Nathaniel C. Bennett and others for
the ejectment of the defendants from the
southwest .corner, of Silver -and Second
streets. After the answer had been filed
alleging that the United. States Court had
nd Jurisdiction the plaintiff' took no fur
ther, proceedings In , the Federal Court,
hut filed' a new complaint in November,
1S54, In the Twelfth District Court of San
Francisco. '
The suit in the United States District
Court has remained on the books and as
a- cloud on the title of the property men
tioned. -Frederick E.MaRee employed Mr.
Squires to dissipate the cloud.
An. interesting feature of the case is
the fact that Nathaniel C. Bennett, one
of the defendants, .was afterward- Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of the- State
of California. . rnhiifflWWf* 5 " Y*i
\ NationaMJnlonists Entertain.
Odd Fellows" Hall ¦• was - crowded ' last
Wr-dnesday night ,with : members -and
friends' of ' the National Union,, who as
sembled, to enjoy the excellent programme
presented by Hie National Union- Social
and Literary Club, under the patronage
cf the San Francisco Cabinet. The pro
gramme introduced by A. K» Klnsrsford.
chairman, of the eyenins.; embraced the
following numbers, which were all well
received :¦. 3 r , ;'4 , .. '. •
- Selections. SIchel's Orchestra; "A Happy
Pair"— Mrs. Constance. Honey ton.- Miss Edna
H. ¦ Dudley: -Mr. Ferdinand : Honeyton, Morris
Foster; character vocalist. A. L.- Bentley; ¦ se
lection, orchestra: "Sunset" . (Jerome - K. < Je
rome), -a . play, founded upon Lord '.Tennyson's
second and longer poem of "The Sisters'.'—char
acters: , Lois and Jean, .half-sisters. Miss C. E.
Johnston and Miss'M. E. McCarthy; Aunt Dru
sijla. Mies L.".E. Hayes: Lawrence. William M.
Ogilvie; Azaralah Sredd.. J: (S. O'bonneli; Mr..
Rivers (Lois' : father). Roy B. Kay.
After, the" programme there was dancing
until .midnight.. The function was -under
the . management ¦ of : the general commit
tee,, consisting of W. W. Healey,' J. N
Bunting, E.- A. Kidil and F. H. Hastings'
a . NEW. championship tennis trophy
i\ will be the guerdon for racket
ZA\ wielders who will compete in the
A \V singrles championship tournament
of the Pacific Coast. A. G.Spald
ingr'& Bros, are the donors. Since' George
.Whitney annexed' the tennis cup .donated
Club's silver trophy for thej>est Irish terrier
of- opposite sex to- the winner of the Hickman
cup— George . S. Thomas' a Champion EnclifEe
'Shela. •¦ • "•- " '-,-¦,..•¦ .- ; •-. -.
i .*.; bulldogs:- v , , . ¦ L , r -
Klein silver medal for the best bulldog owned;
In San Francisco— Mrs. \V.;.M.-; Roberts' .Jlm r '
medal for the best bulldoe, irrespective
of sex^L. A. Klein's Champion Ivan" Rustic. :
. pugs;^::-. -:.x ;¦.:¦¦ • . ¦¦:
Klein's; silver medal for the .best puir .dog
owned in San Francisco— J. Boardman'siToody.
•' Club's silver medal for the -best dog. puppy—
J. .Boardman' s Toody. r' - Tj- . .
• Mrs. J.P Atkin's special- for the best Tork-.
shire in the show— Mrs. G.;S. Thomas End
cliffe Mayor. . . ¦¦-.-•• .-. «
i Thors" . special for best .Torkshlre -. terrier-
Mrs. "G.'S: Thomas' Endcliffe Mayor. .- « ''.->
. . r . _. .. >, JAPANESE SPANIELS. : . ' .
Club's silver cup. for the best Japanese span
iel— Mrs. H.W. Reddan's Nippon. : : . '¦-
,'. _" . -^ ' . COLLIES. ¦ ¦* - -. ¦ - - ;
Palace Hotel silver trophy for the best collie—:
Mrs J. H. Hanson's Verona Mollie; reserve,
Mrs"' E. B.:' Grave's Verona Braw.. Laddie. ,
i Haquette "silver cup for the bestcollie of op
posite sex. to the winner of the . Palace Hotel
trophy— Mrs. E. B. Grave's Verona Braw Lad
dl Hammersmlth & Field's silver, cup -for '_ the
best Calirornin-bred collie— Mrs. J. H. Han
. Club silver "medais- for best dos. and. bitch
puppies— Mrs. E. B. Grave's Verona Braw Lad
die and Mrs. J. H. , Hanson's Verona Mollie.
- California -, Collie- Club trophies, members
dogs ! only-Best, collie . dog. Mrs E./B. Grave s
Verona Braw Laddie; best collie bitch, L. J.
Romer's Pretty Hall: best California-bred dog,
Mrs E B Grave's Verona Braw. Laddie: best
l-'aUfon^a-bred bitch, Mrs. J. H. Hanson's Ver
ona Mollie; best ¦ California-bred dog- puppy,
Mrs E. B. Grave's Verona Braw Laddie; best
California-bred bitch . puppy, • Mrs. J. II: Han-
Bon's Verona Mollie. , ' .
• ;¦¦-.•:¦ ' COCKER SPANIELS—BLACK.
- Club medals for best dog- arid bitch puppy-
Edward \V. Flske's Champion Premier. -
Club cup for best kennel of not less than: four
—Plumeria Kennels. / '
California Cocker Club medals, members
dogs only— Best .puppy dog, Kenneth Treuss'
Windy Jim: best novice dog. '. Pine Hill Cocker
Kennela' Pinehlll Cuckoq:- limit- dogs. Mrs.- P.
C Meyer's Glenwood >Havoc; open, dogs, Plu
meria Cocker Kennels' Champion Viscount:
puppy bitch, Mrs. P. C. Meyer's GlenwOod
Topsy: limit (bitch). Mrs. J.P. Atkin's Mono II;
open (bitch), Mrs. J.' P. Atkin's Mono II; nov
ice dog other than black. Pine Hill Kennels'
Uncas; limit fdog) other, than black. Plumeria
Cocker Kennels' ¦ Hampton . Goldy : open . (dog)
other than black, Plumeria Cocker Kennels',
Hampton Goldy; puppy (bitch) other: than
black < Plumeria Cocker Kennels' Plumeria
Cleo; novice (bitch) other than black. Plumeria
Cocker ¦ Kennels' Cleo; llmlt-(bltch) other- than
black. Plumeria Kennels' . Plumeria Fancy,
Plumeria Cocker.'-, • :•'-• ¦ *
Pine Hill cup. best Callfornla-brcd red cocker
—Plumeria Cocker Kennels' Plumeria Fancy:
' Norman cup, best red cocker in the show— p.
T.- Mead's Perfection. -; ¦• ..
by c the : 'association 1 there has been no
championship cud to be won under the
same conditions. This cup,' like its pre
cursor, must be won three times by «ne
person : before" it can. become his absolute
property. "William {Taylor : and George
Whitney have cuds that were won three
times.
.»_•'? '_«„»._•»? ••¦¦,¦•.... .a
NATIVE SONS WHO WILL
SERVE ON COMMITTEES
Those Who Have the Confidence of
Frank L. Coombs, the Grand
President
VGr^nd President Frank'.; L. Coombs has
appointed cthe following- standing commit
tees durlns the current Native
Sons, year: '.-¦...'*
' Finance— Andrew Mocker^" Richard D. Bar
ton, ;J. M.-.Hanley.^ .• . ' . • ,
Appeals and grievances— Edward A. Forbes,
William- H.:DevIin. 'Leonard Stone, Robert M.
Clarke, M. T. - Dooling". •. (
-Petitions— Georg» - A. Oaks. H. C. Llchten
berger.: Bismarck Bruck. ¦-¦
Returns— W.-R.' Milton, Charles H. Stanyan,
"W.,M.- Samuels. • . ¦ - *7?
State of the order— Frank R. 'Wehe. A. M.
Smith;- G.?G,,Halliday,. George Cosgrave, Ed
ward M. Burke.'
Legislation— C. M. ! Belshaw, J. A. Devoto,
C.P. Vlclnl,.L. C. Plstolesi, Milton G. Perkins.
Ritual— Percy V. Longr, Edward A. Braekett,
Emilto Lastreto, Guy 11. Kennedy, "William T.
Craig.- ' - • •
Printinjf and supplles-^Thomas E. Hearty.
Charles. II. Turner,. J. Emmet Hayden.
Laws and supervision— H. G. W. Dinkelspiel,
John T. York. W. J. Wynn, E. E- : Katz, C. D.
Hayward. . ¦ -.-.,... .
Literature— S.:v..Costello. G. S. Harris. Dan
iel Suter, ,-Edward Gray, W. C. Neumiller.
. Transportation— J. -T. Harms.: Milton Besse,
L. E. Folk. *
Laws of subordinates— J.B. Keenan, Thomas
H. Vivian. Frank H. Mills.
Instruction in ritualistic work— J. C. Bates
Jr.. J. S. Williams. George N. McDow, H. I..
Mulcrevy, Thomas E. Curran.
.Special committees: Donner monument— C.
"W. Chapman. \V. T. Parker, W. Coffin, George
H.- Barnes, Harold T. Power, James C. Tyr
rell. . . -*V">
-• Digest— Richard D. Barton, A. B. Barker,
H. G. -W-illiams. .
•-¦- Corner . stone ceremonies — M. T. Dooling. I.
W.' Bernstein, ' Georjge . T. Hans, ' S. W. Ains
lie. C. F. Preclado. : ::
Colton Hall— P. E. Zabala, Frank "W. Mars
ton, Richard J. Cline, E. Green. Charles Davis.
; . ' ¦'., ' '•<¦••-¦';¦.:.¦¦ '•"'.-'.' - - ' *¦ ¦ ¦¦.'-¦-¦¦¦ ¦• '.' ¦---•¦- ¦ ¦
new cup which will be given to a third-time. -winner op
the pacific states lawn tennis championship in sin
¦•- 'gles/:' ; ' ¦¦;-;' : '' : • ''¦'.::'"¦¦ :: : ' . • :
OAKLAND RACETRACK — Friday,
May 10, 1901.— Weather fine. Track
fast.
242S. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up; purser" J300. .
Index, Horse, 'wt. Jockey. St. %. %. Fin.
2399 The Miller, 5, 106. Power B 4 1 8 V, 1 1
2060 Almoner, .5. 106..McCarty 9 8 1 7 % 2 1
24J6 Mike Rice, a, 106. Russell 6 3 % <U 3 1
2355 McAlbert, 6, 107..Conley 1 1 h 1 h ' 4 n
(2376)Un Cadeau, 4, lOo.Alxndr 2 2 12 1 6 Vx
23S3 Alas, 4, 104 Hafleyll 11 8 1 81,
(2374)Decoy, 4, 104 Ransch 4 7 3 6 1 7 2
2415 Einstein, 6, 106..Bassngr 8 10 5 h 8 1
23S1 Darlene, 3, SO Jacksonl3 13 9 9 1
2296 Asian. 4, 109 EvanslO. 9 1V410 10 2
21S8 Racetto, 4, 104.Fauntlery 3 5 n 11 It V4
2356 Gold Finder. 4, 104.Matrn 7 6 h 12 12
23S5 Bird. Stone. 3, 9O.Webstrl2 13 13 13
Time— V*. :24%; 14, :49%; %. 1:15. Good start.
Won ridden out. Second and third driving.
Winner, G." McNeil's b. g. by. Kylo-Queenle.
Power on winner was i fortunate in getting
through on rail. Almoner ran a swell race.
Rice tired. So did McAlbert. Un Cadeau in
jured himself at post. Away better Alas had
a chance. Asian poorly handled. Fauntleroy
allowed Racetto to falb out of running.
Betting-The Miller. 12; Almoner. 20; Mike
Rice. 8; McAlbert. 8; Un Cadeau, S; Alas. 15;
I3ecoy. 16-5: Einstein, 8; Darlene, 50: Asian; 9;
Racetto. 12; Gold Finder. 60; Birdie Stone, 30.
2420. SECOND RACE-Four furlongs; sell-:
ing; maiden two-year-olds ; purse,. $350. ' ..r . <
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. •- St. %. 'Str.' Fin.
2417 Tellowstone-. 115 Ruiz 7 '2 1 ... .1%
2393 Hon. P. Sterl'g. 113.Rnch.l 3 1 ... - 2 hi'
2375 B. C. Greene, 113. Russell 4 1 1 ' ... '3 1
23S2 Jacqueminot. 110..Hafley 6 4 1 -,¦'... i. i 1 -
23S7 Quadra, 110.... Hennessey 3 6 1 ... 6^3
2412 Botany, 110 Sheehan 8 S 1' ... ' 6 1
2417 Prestene, 110... Enos 5 -7 I'*... • 7 2
20S7 Resin. 113 Conley.2 5.& ... 8 1
2412 Flattered. 110 Hoarl2 10 ... 9 1
2375 Priam. 110 Alexander 9 9 ": . ... 10
2333 Tibs, 110 BassingerlO 11 -... 11 •
2412 Knockings, 110..McCartyll 12 . .. .:.. .12 ¦¦,'¦
Time— H.- :24»i; %, :49%. Good start. Won
flrst three driving. Winner. J. Sullivan's ch. c.
by Rey El Santa Anlta-Florilla. Winner re
ceH-ed best ride. Sterling ran a nice race. No
"phenoms" In the bunch.' ¦ • • .:•
Betting— Yellowstone. 4; Hon. P. Sterling, 20;
B. C Greene, 3; Jacqueminot, -4; Quadra, .15;
Botany. 40; Prestene, 5; Resin, 30; Flattered,
30; Priam, 25; Tibs, 30; Knockings, 100. . .
243O. THIRD, RACE— Mile and a sixteenth ;
selling; three-year-olds; purse. $330.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2284 Byron Rose, 109.Matthws 2 3 2 2 4 1 h
2404 Illilouon. 109...... Ransch 111' 1^28'
2410 Carlovlgnian, lM.Alxndr 3 2 \i 3 2 3 h
23S8 M. Hlldreth. 107.. Russell 4 4 1 4 2,44
2370 Compass, 107.. Fauntleroy 6 '5 1 S3 '55
2404 P. Archibald. 112.Tullett 8 7 4 6 2 6 2
(2410) Master Cal, H3....Conley 7 6 1 7 4 7 5'
22G9 Billy Lyons, 103....Feary 5 8.8 8 .
Time-^I-16. :06?iVu. :23»i; %, :49%; %. 1:15U:
mile, 1:41%; 1 1-I6m, 1:4S%. -Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner. Ray Wilson^s-ch.
g. by Ducat-Rose of. Magenta. Byron ran out
under punishment last, hundred yards. ' Illilouon
slightly cut down. Russell put up a weak ride
on Mamie Hildreth. - Master Cal showed no
speed. .• ¦ , '¦•-*¦ - - - - . ¦
Betting— Byron Rose, 9-2; Illilouon. 16-5; Car
lovignian. S; Mamie Hildreth. 5; Compass. 6;
Phil Archibald. 15; Master Cal, 5; Billy Lyons.
"». . ..." . • ; .
2431. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up; . purse, \$S00. . .-
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2398 P. Titanla, 3,: 9O.Ransch 1*3 \' 2 1 n 1 h
2395 Vantine, 4, 103.. Russell 4 11 2 12 2'
2402 Ralston, a, 106..... Hoar 2 2 Ji 3 2 . 3 4
2379 Duckoy. 4, 106...Farrell 7 9 4 2 " 4 1 J
2183 Torsina. a. 105 ..Knos 3 4 1 5 h 5 h
2379 Jerid, 5, 113... ...Shields 5 7 h 6 1 6 1
2402 Tlburon.-5, . 109..Macklin 9 8H-81 7 1
2413 High Hoe, 6, lOj.Basngr 8 01- 7 2 8 5
2396 ClarandO. ;5., -103.. AlexdrS 6^9 _9-»^-
Time— Vi. :24%: \i. " :49'iV- %. 1:14^"" Good
start. "Won first . three driving. Winner,
Caesar Young's br. t. by imp. Masetto-Queen
Titanla. The light impost favored Princess
when the pinch came. Vantine ran a splendid
race. Torsina a bit short.'.. Jerid pocketed at
the start. High | Hoe was sore. Scratched —
Flamero 106, Mocorito 104, Alzura 90. ¦
Betting — Princess Tltania, 8-5: Vantine. 7;
Ralston, 13; Duckoy, 20; Torsina, 15; Jerid,
3; Tlburon. 15; High Hoe, 7; Clarando, 25. ..
2432. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: Free
handicap; three-year-olds and up; purse, $500.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. - Y>. . Str. Fin. i
(24C5)Meehanus, 5, 105.. Math 3 6 In 1 t',4
2414 Hagerdon, 4, lC8...Collis V 3 VJ 2 1 2 2^
2414 Sly. a, . 113 Bassinger 5 5 1 3^32*
2343 D. Weithoff, 5. 98.Ransh 2 2 h 4 3 4 h
2414 B. Ormonde. 3. 108. Alxdr 6 4 16 4 5 2
;2408) Doublet. 4. 108.. .Russell 4 1 n- 6 6
¦ Time-li. :24\4; %. :4S%; %, 1:13^. Good
start. Won first three driving. — Winner,
Caesar Youngs ch. h. by imp. Golden . Garter-
Fedalma. Meehanus is right on edge. . Sly
pocketed most of the way. Later she 'was
a.Kain cut oft by Hagerdon not far from the
wire. . Dollic had some speed. "Ormonde
seems to have gone back. Doublet quit early.
Betting— Meehanus. 3; Hagerdon. 8; Sly. 9-5;
Dollle Weithoff. 12; Beau Ormonde, 7-2; Doub
let, 8. . . . . • . . . . -
2433.1 SIXTH RACE— One ' niile; selling;
three-year-olds and up; purse, $400. .
Index Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin. 1
(2381) Wardman. 3, lOO.Ranseh 1 12 1 2 1 >/i
.- 2420 R. Shannon, 4, 110. Math 5 44- 2 3 2 5
2420 Bathos, 4, 110... Russell 3 2 13 1-32.
2415 McCleevy. 5, 112..BasKer 4 5 .43 46'
2420 Cougar, 3. lOO.Fauntlry 2 3 3 .6 5 ,
• Time-U. :25tt; %. :«%: ¦ 9i. 1:15%: mile,
1:41. ' Good start. Won first three driving 1 .
Winner. P. C. Donaleche's b. c. by Tammany-
Belinda. Matthews on Shannon laid away too
long-. At that Wardman was underrated.
Bathos is Improving. Cougar ! gave it up.
McCleevy outfootcd.
Betting— Wardman. 9-5; Rio Shannon, 7-5;
Bathos. 6: Jim McCleevy. 6; Cougar, 13.
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
AMONG the five favorites dethroned
at Oakland track yesterday the*
defeat of no particular one
.caused more genuine regret
among the talent than that of
Sly. She was fully expected to shoulder
her 113 pounds in the free handicap, at six
furlongs, and blaze a way for Meehanus,
Hagerdon. Beau Ormonde and the others.
Heavily played at 9 to 5, the mare failed
owing to some defective steering on the
part of Pilot Bassinger. - Early in the
voyage the colored boy ran his mount Into
a. pocket, and later, while trying to get
through on the rail not far from the wire,
was again pinched, this time by Hager
don. finishing third. E. Matthews on Mee
nanus, the second choice, rode an excel
lent race, reaching home on Caesar
Young's horse more than a length before
Hagerdon in 1:13%; Beau Ormonde ran
disappointingly.
A half-dozen horses at least looked to
have a chance in the first event; a six
furlong sprint. J. Power astride the 12 to
1 shot The Miller saved considerable
ground by a short cut into the stretch,
and in a hard drive downed Almoner, a
20 to 1 -chance, a length. Decoy, the fa
vorite, ran unplaced.
"Pi" Ruiz on Yellowstone, a good-look
ing son of Rey El Santa Anita, won a
hard-earned victory in the half-mile dash
for maiden two-year-olds. After passing
e ,, t a , vorlte ' B - c - Greene. Ruiz was
?h» & ? i a Par £ drive by R ansch. riding
the 20 to 1 outsider Hon. Peter Sterling,
which was only beaten half a length. ;
• Byron Rose a hot tip for the mile and
?V . J. eentn selling event, had a close call.
Matthews on the gelding laid second to
Illilouon. the mild choice, all the way.
and though his mount ran out the last
hundred yards got the decision from the
Elm wood farm representative by a head
ran lengths away Carlovingian
In the six-furlon? number following
Bookmaker Caesar Young took another
purse, this time with Princess Titanla.
The three-year-cld filly had but ninety
pounds lo juggle, and ruled an 8 to 5
choice. Given a very warm argument by
\antine, the Princess proved the best
stayer, winning by a head on the wire.
Ralston, at 15 to 1. ran third.
After his previous good work It looked
very much as If E. Matthews lost the last
race through overconfldence with Rio
Shannon. The horse wag a 7 to 5 favorite,
and, brought from behind by degrees,
Wardman, the pacemaker, beat him out
half a length. Bathos showed improve
ment, taking show honors.
Track Notes.
This Is Fabiola. day at Oakland track,
and no doubt, as in previous years, .in im
mense crowd will be present, the receipts
being donated to Fabiola Hospital of Oak
land. A special feature will be a race for
gentlemen riders. On this occasion com
plimentary badges will not be honored at
the gate.
The management of the new California
Jockey Club announced yesterday that the
board of stewards for next season would
be composed of the following turfmen: J.
H. Pettinglll, urcsiding steward: Thomas
H. Williams Jr., Colonel D. M. Burns,
Charles F.- Price and F. B. Mulholland.
Tom Ryan, the Illinois horseman, will
leave shortly for Chicago. He has made
arrangements with John Lodge, owner of
Rory Ough. by which he- will take the fast
two-year-old along with his stable.
Johnny Sullivan was severely censured
for his ride Wednesday on Twinkler. It
now appears that the horse threw out a
stifle. . .
Byron Rose is probably the first of the
get of Ducat to win. The three-year-old
was bred and raised near Petaluma.
One of the neatest things in the way of
a calendar is one arranged and copyright-,
ed by \V.\. J. Glenn of New York. Over
the dates set for decision the names of all
the rich racing stakes are printed, while
on the back of the calendar much valu
able turf information is printed. Harry
Corbett Is presenting them to the patrons
of his place.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Futurity course: three-year-olds;
selling:
2398 Flatterer 110 1SR9 Cora Goetz.....l03
2426 Invlctus 107 2244 Orafter 107
2404 Parsifal 107 2390 Rio de Altar... 112
(2398)Maresa 113 2420 Ada N Ill
Second race— One mile; maiden three-year
olds and upward: selling:
2430 Carlovingian . ..10? 2392 Honor Bright.. .107
2422 Triple Cross 101 2423 Senator Matts..lO9
2380 I>a Calma J01 2410 Cambaceres ...106
2373 William F 1(K 23S0 Sweet Voice 107
2416 Rey Dare 103 2416 Rasp 103
2411 Frank Duffy.. ..109
Third race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling:
2419 Louwelsea 105 (2417)Vasallo . ...100
2419 San Luition 102 2424 The Giver 105
(2419)GlendenninK ...105 2363 Evea G 100
(2421)Rory Ough 110 — Colonel Smith.. 103
Fourth race — Two miles; four- year-olds and
upward; selling:
2392 Faunette 105 2421 Don Luis 102
2421 Sylvian La&s...lO5 (2421)Stromo 114
2360 El Mido 107 2421 Dr. Marks...... 102
2427 Lizella 105
Fifth race — One mile and fifty yards; the
Fabiola cun: for eentlemen riders:
KSItfVriwIsr 162 (Mr. I>edffett)
Ulr. Skinner) 2409 The Buffoon. ...1C2
SCO Boardman 162 (Mr. Bates)
(Mr. Delckman) 2421 U'haleback 162'
1421 Imperious 162i (Mr. l'ugh)
Sixth race-^One mile and fifty yards; four
year-olds and upward: eellinir:
(2403)Spike 101 2427 Goldone 107
2409 Wyoming 105 (24IR)MacGyle 104
(2351)Mlraion 104 (2423)Parader 105
<2426)Alee 104 2378 Kickumbob ....101
241S Hindoonet 108 2397 Donator 105
2415 Dr. Bernays....lOS 2372 Sunello 101
Probable Winners.
First race —Ada N. Maresa. Grafter.
Second race —Carlovlnglan, Triple Cross, Rey
Dare.
Third race—Rory Ough, Glendennlng. Lou
welsea. ''¦--' !r~. _
Fourth rac*—Stromo, Llzella. Dr. Maikj?. .
Fifth race —Periwlgr, The Buffoon,' Imperious.
Sixth race—Hindoonet, Wyoming, Goldone.
JUDGED TROTTING CASES
NEW YORK. May 10.— The Board of
Review of the. National Trotting Associ
ation completed Its labors to-day and
adjourned. The most important decision
har ded down was that of the horse John
A. McKerren, owned by Harry Devereaux
of Clex'eland. In this case it was decided
that the record made by John A. McKer
ren at Readeville, ¦ Mass., In September,
1900. be considered a matinee record only.
The" board recommended that the rule
committee of the next congress report
rules governing matinee performances.
The owner of ,the horse Wilkes' Patchen
was fined J-50 for allowing his., horse to
perform on a member's grounds while
under suspension.
The new Westfleld Driving Park Asso
ciation of "Westfield, Mass., was fined $100
for allowing a suspended -horse to ¦ per
form after receiving notice from the sec
retary of the National Trotting Associa
tion. :\-j
JOHNNY REIFF AGAIN.
LONDON, May lO.-At the Kempton
Park spring meeting to-day the Steward's
handicap of 1000 sovereigns was won by
Richard Croker's Harrow, ridden by
Johnny Reiff. Noonday II, owned by
Foxhall Keene, was second. 1 and CD.
Marne's Veritas finished third. 3 Thirteen
horses ran. •
¦ J. Reiff again had the winning mount
A. Cphen's Impulse filly, in the Park plate
of 200 sovereigns. Six horses finished.
Slnopi. owned, by Foxhall 'Keene, won
the Apprentice's plate. Eight horses ran.
SLY, WRETCHEDLY RIDDEN
BY BASSINGER, IS THIRD
Free Handicap at Oakland Goes toMeehanus, With
Hagerdon Second—Five Choices Cjo Astr ay»
MORE AWARDS
MADE AT THE
BENCH SHOW
Judges' Labors Will Be Com
pleted This Evening After r a
Parade of All the Classes
There was a great deal of Judging dom
at the dog show last night; enough t<
keep the triumvirate of ; judges,-. Ldnn,
Cranfleld and 'Jarrett, /;:busy from^ the
opening .to the. closing. : The exhibition
will ' close this evening, when the' biggest
attendance is expected. " The feature of
this, the last day, will be a grand parado
at 8 p. m. of all the. entries benched* and
the three arbiters will pass upon the very
best dog in the entire show. . The awards
made last night are as follows: '
GREAT DANE SPECIALS.
Blelenberg & Weniger's silver cup for the best
Great : Dane dog— Cunningham .& ' Ellison's
Duke.
- ¦ Superintendent Langenderfer's trophy for the
best Great Dane bitch— Posen Great Dane Ken
nel%' Lady Ermine. . i
I Charles K. . Harley's silver cup for the best
Great Dane puppy— Cunningham & Ellison's
Cunningham's Don Juan. :
The club's silver medal f or •. the best dog
puppy, also for the best bitch puppy— Dog,
Cunningham- &; Ellison's j Cunningham'*- Don
Juan; bitch. J. Rauche's Flora,
The club's silver for the best Great
Dane — Cunnlgham & Ellison's Duke.
¦The club's silver; cup for the best kennel
'of. not less than . four— Posen Great Dane Ken
nels.' ; « -¦ : ¦¦ <"¦¦•¦ - - - • • • ¦ - . •-
.- -; - • . ST. '.BERNARD'S.' . , - ; ";,
"A.' B. Epreckels'" president's cup for the best
St -Bernard— A. B. Fately's California Ebora
cum; absent, E. ;.D. Connolley's General -B.
vEpplnger's silver -.cup for : the: best St. Ber
nard, of, the opposUe sex to the winner of the
president's cup— P. C. Meyer's Miss, Barry. "
Leon S. Greenebaum's silver cup for the best
St. Bernard -bred on the Pacific Coast— A. B.
Fately's California Eboracum. :,/.-. .
* Klein 'medal for the best St. Bernard owned
in. San Francisco— A. ¦> B. Fately's California
Eboracum. ' "¦ V •
• Fately gold medal . for ' the best pair of St.
Bernard dogs, dog and bitch, rough or smooth
coated— A. B. Fately's California Eboracum
and A. B. Fately's, Melba. ,
MASTIFFS.
Alington cup for the. best mastiff— W E
Meek's Champion California Cube. • :
Club medals for the be$t dog and bitch pup
pies—W. G. . Freeman's Hector' F and W. G.
Freeman's San Mateo Queen. > . . .¦,
Club cup for the best kennel of not less than
four- — Glenwood Kennels.:: ; - - - - ,
Silver medal for the best mastiff dog puDriy—
"W. G. Freeman's Hector F.. • ,.¦..¦
• Silver medal for the best mastiff puppy bitch
— G. W. Freeman' 8 Winifred F. : »
POODLES. , . ;v
Club medal for the best poodle lft the show—
Li. A. Klein's Cocaine.- •--•' . . ¦ -,:.-• -'
AMERICAN FOXHOUNDS. ' i
aabrough-Golcher trophy for the best'Ameri
can foxhound in the show— E. B. Chase's Car
men.- , ¦ ; -. . . . • .. -; . .:¦•:.:,-. . . ,
c D t.. d .^ vel^?'f cup for the best > puppy— W.
S. Kittle s Hlckman. •- . >. . . -
Club'.s -silver. .cup for the best foxhound of
opposite sex from the winner of the Clabrough-
Golcher trophy— E. B. Chase's Bragdon.
Club medals for fhe' best dog and bitch pup
pies- W. S. Klttle's Hlckman, -W. S. Klttle's
Fleet. ¦ .... . '..
Club's silver cup for the best -kennel of not
less than four— E. B. Chase. . . ; : -
POINTERS.
Shreve cup for the best pointer— H. s* J O*
den's Landsdown Malt. •:-.-¦• •'
Skinner trophy for the best pointer buppy—
A. B. Truman's Patty of Kent. ' '¦"¦">...
Kittle trophy for the best pointer of opposite
sex to the winner of the Shreve trophy— F. H
Fleer's Daisy Bell. ¦•'•• - v
.Club medals for the best light-weight pointer
— H. ¦ J.- Ogden s Landsdown Malt; reserve. A.
F. Colvin's Lady Cplvln. - ¦ >: .. ¦ •'
Oub medal for the best heavy-weight" pointer
— Dr. J..S.- Howe's Baby Kent r--.-, ;. ¦ - ;
Club medals for the best doff bitch pup
pies—W. * B. - Coutt's Ned Funston. - A'. ,- B Tru
man's Patty of Kent. - :,.-";•
- Club's silver cup for the best'-kennel of not
less than four— F. H. Fleer;; reserve,- Stockdale
Kennels. _._ -. ,. ~i*h&s5»k&i
- £>, ¦ ¦ ';.- SETTERS'. tf £$&$&.'- .', .I
> erona Kennels' vase "for the ¦• best Ensrlish
• setter dogr-W. Feige's Buckwa."*i?-~ ngusa
Vi7 e iy l8 r.? 1 £ ?r J£. up for the? best-English setter
bitch— G.C. Thomas Jr.'s Nepals Queen B
Club s sliver cup for the- best- kennel of not
less than four— G.C- Thomas Jr. v '
¦£! ub T 8 v me S5 1 . s . for the best dosrand bitch pup
pi*—John Talt's The Ref eree ; p: -• W. Wand's
Gibson Girl. , " ' ¦»•»..>
* ' IRISH SETTERS. .' .
Crocker silver cup for the best Irish setter—
A. B. Truman's Mike Swiveller T -
Club's silver; cup for the best Irish setter
of the opposite sex of the winner of the Crock
er trophy — A. B. Truman's Lady Swiveller \
Club medals for best dog and bitch puppies—
C. P. Padrettas' Toby Jr. and Duval Moore's
Lady Bess M. •.--. - .< ¦ -:;.... . .*.. : . ..
GORDON SETTERS ' L
a Butler trophy ¦ for the best . GordoV setter-
Louis J. Ehrefs CrackerJack.V • --;• ~
¦ FIELD SPANIELS. ' ;'
Club's medal for the best field spaniel—Red
wood Cocker Kennels' -Peg .Wofflngton. £
• : \- FIELDTRIAL CLASS. ' *' '• "' ".
. Pacific _ Coast Field -Trials: Club •silver -cup
for the best setter or pointer exhibited. in field
trial. class— J. E. Lucas'- Alex C. ¦
. . ... .FOXTERRIERS. •-, - ¦ ¦'
Dr. d'Evelyn's BlK-er trophv for. best kennel
cf.not.less than four— Norfolk Kennels Toron
to. Canada. ¦ .-. '
. Demlng: cup . for the best foxterrier dog—
Norfolk. Kennels' Norfolk Richmond - ¦
E. Courtney Ford'srsilver cup for the best
foxterrier bitch— Norfolk ( Kennels' Norfolk
Handicraft., ¦ ¦¦'' • .'
Foxtorrler Club's special for produce of JgOl
flrst division, N. H. Hlckman; second dlvlblon'
\V. -AV. . Moore. ,. . • . . . - ¦ .- ,. *
Silver truphy for the best 1 puppy doz— W
Haley's Midnight. • , - ¦- .,...¦
Silver trophy for. the best novice dog— Miss
I'earl Coutts' Intrepet. '•
Silver trophy for the best limit dogr— Norfolk
Kennels', Norfolk Mainstay. " ; -
Silver trophy for the- best open dog Nor
fdk Kennels'. Norfolk Richmond'.-, ¦: ••
Silver trophy for the best puppy. bitch— J. B.
Martin's- Powliattan Queen..' ¦ . .,
" Sll\-er trophy • for tho best ¦ novice bitch—Nor
folk Kennels' Norfolk.. Twostep. -
Sliver trophy for the best limit bitch—Nor
folk Kennel?' Norfolk Ruby. -.' x : .
Silver t-cphy for the^best open bitch—Nor
folk ' Kennels' Norfolk . Han.'tieraf t. ¦ ." ; •'
Sliver vase for. the best foxterrier, -Jofr or
bitch— Norfolk Kennels' Norfolk- Handicraft." !
Club's silver cup for 'the best kennel of not
less than four— Norfolk Kennels.
Club me<1als for the best d?e and bitch pup-'
vies— Norfolk Mainstay and Norfolk Twostep.
Heydanfeidt oup for the best smooth coated
foxterrier owned on the Pacific Coast — C. K
Harley's Vibo. -. . . -, '¦¦.¦' . ;^
Klein's sliver medal for the best Smooth
coated ierricr o^vned in San Francisco— C.' K.
Harley's Vlbo. > . • . /¦ :
Kleln'n-sllver. medal- for the best wire haired
fox J terrier -owned- In San. Francisco— Walter
Mngec's Calrnstr.ulr General. '-.¦*..:
; DACHSHUNDS.
De Ruyter'cnp for the be?t dachshund—
Yenlo Farm Kennels' Venlo Kotever.-
Club's- sliver cup for. the Wst kennel of not
lent* the n four— Colonel Martin.
_Kleln silver medal for the best: dachshund
owned, in San Frantlsco— Professor C. E.
Straasburucrs' Hlesel. ; ,• • •
SCOTTISH TERRIERS. . . ,'
Club, medals for thebest dec and bitch,pup
pies—G.'-S. Thonjns':EndcIItra : Rebel.
" BOSTON TERRIERS. .
Ean FYanclsco Jockey Club cup for the best
Boston terrier— W. T. Magee's /Winner. >., >
Club's- silver, medal tor the best bitch puppy,
dog puppy — Mrs. J. P. Norman's Lord Montez.
Klelne silver medal for the best Boston ter
rier owned ¦ In San : Francisctj— Mrs. j. p.- Nor
man's Ix>rd Montez. -T • . -
¦] BULL TERRIERS.
Tevls" cup :for- the best bull terrier. , donor
not : to compete— O. Heydenfeldt's ..Woodcote
Dodge"- silver cup for the best . bull terrier—
Woodcote '.Wonder. ;. ' . ;. V.'"' "
Ford sliver cup for, the best bull terrier bitch
— -L.-A Klein's ¦ Belle Belsamo. ' ¦- : ..
Leavltt silver - cup , for ' the best California
bred : bull'- terrier— J. I. Sparrow's Edgrewopd
"¦Kleln' cup for the best buir terrier' owned In
Sam -Francisco — O. Heydenfeldt s ..Woodcbte
Wonder. ¦ " -¦ ¦ , , .' ' • - ¦ >>*
-. Club cup for the best Kennel of not less than
four— O. Heydenfeldt. .'•:
.Bull iTerrler.' Club: specials, f, doss ownedby*
members only: •„ > ¦' . . • . . .
.- Silm- -trophy -.for best puppy dog— R. H.
Roundtree's Newmarket Duke II. -.,-..- - :
- Tropliy for best novice dog— E. Attrldge's
'• Trophy; for best limit dog— J. I>. Spreckels*.
.Trophy" for best ', open dog— O. Heydenfeldt's
Woodcote Wonder. - :', ;-¦ : ¦ .. - :..„¦.-;
..Trophy -for; best .puppy,:, bitch— A. ¦; Joseph's
Trophy for best novice, .bitch— O, Heyden
¦ trophy for best ' limit bitch— P. c. Meyer's
•Newmarket Queen.*.: ¦„ :,\ >x ¦ ¦ . ~
.-• Trophy t for best open bitch— P. C. Meyer's
Newmarket Queen. - : _. . ..
. Albert r Joseph < silver, cup. for , the best, bull
terrier sired— C.Stelnbach's Bloomebury Queen.
,,::¦.;- irish/terriers.t . v: ;.
Hlckman's. cup" for ' the ' best - Irish terrier-
George . S. .Thomas' Wilmount > Highwayman. ¦
UNCLE HANK'S
TEAM WINS IN
NINTH INNING
Local Aggregation Captures a
Fast Game From Oakland by
Leave of Russell and Moore
San Francisco 4, Oakland 1.
For eight Innings yesterday the Dudes
and the Wasps battled for supremacy.
but the score remained the same— tally
to tally. In the ninth Mr. Rus«ell. who
occupied the slab for Oakland, took an
ascension and when he returned to terra
firma Uncle had the game tucked up his
eleeve. It was a royal exhibition and,
as usual, a small aggregation was there 1
to enjoy it.
Five double plays were made during the
same and three of them were contributed
by Messrs. Francks.Arrellanes and Streib.
Whelan and Russell pitched In good form
and the Bupport they received was excel
lent. In the ninth Russell became demor
alized and lost the game he had up to
that Inning won for his team. Moore was
partly to blame for the explosion. He
dropped Schwartz's pop-fly on foul terri
tory and then Russell allowed Schwartz
to walk. Nbrdyke did the running for the
Wasps' second baseman and the latter
took up his position in the coacher's box.
Krug sacrificed and reached the basr on
Streib's error of Moore's low throw. Hol
land bunted and Russell, in his anxiety to
land the ball, fell all over himself and
there were three on bases.
Schwartz loudly called attention to the
balloon ascension and Lohman. who was
out of humor, chlded him. Russell then
went to pieces. He hit Pabst on the arm
and Schwartz's proxy scored. Graham
flew to right and Drennan by clever work
prevented Krug from going home. Nor
dyke was given a base on balls and Krug
was forced across the rubber. Reilly was
presented with a walk and still another
Wasp flew home. Further run-making
was stopped at this juncture, when Wha
len hit to Streib. who threw home in time
to catch Pabst and Petey ' threw the ball
back to Streib in time to nail Whalen.
Drennan made a circus catch that will
be the talk in baseball circles for many
rfays. He ran from center and nailed
Pabsfs fly with the left hand. Drennan
traveled twenty yards to reach the ball
and grot it on the run. The cheer that
greeted him repaid him for his star play
and when he came In at the 'close of the
Inning the crowd arose and cheered some
more.
The flrst half of the game was extreme
ly fast.- Up to the fifth but one hit
apiece was scored. Lohman delaved the
game by protesting against Umpire Dono
hue for throwing out a new ball when
Frisco was at bat. Donohue nulled out
his timepiece, Lohman filed his protest
and the fun continued. Following is tlie
score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
HUderbrand. cf 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Fchwartz, 2b 1 1 1.0 4 3 0
Krug. sa 3 10 0 13 0
Holland, rf 12 0 0 3 0 0
Pabst, lb 3 0 0 0 12 1 1
Graham, c 4 0 2 13 10
Xordyke, If 3 0 112 0 0
J. Rellly, Sb 2 0 0 0 12 0
Whalen, p 4 0 0 0 18 0
Evans, cf 10 0 0 0 0 0
Total 24 4 4 2 27 13 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drcnn&n. cf 3 0 0 0 10 0
Ftrieb. lb 4 0 1 0 S 1 1
Moskims.r.. rf 3 0 0 0 10 0
Arrellanes, lb 3 0 0 0 5 6 0
Dunleavy. If 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Francks. es 2 0 1 " 0 4 3 0
Mocre. 3b 3 0 0 0 12 1
Lohman, c 2 10 0 2 3 0
Russell, p 3 0 10 13 1
Total 27 1 S 0 - 27 17 3
RUN'S AXD HITS BT IXNDfGS.
San Francisco 01000000 8—4
Base hits O1OOO12OO—4
Oakland 00000100 0—1
Ease hits 00001200 0—3
SUMMART.
Runs responsible for— Russell. 1. Two-base
hit— Francks. Sacrifice hits— Drennan, Krug:,
Holland. First base on errors— San Francisco 1,
Oakland 1. First ba^e on called balls— San
Francisco S. Oakland . 3. I>rt on bases— San
Francisco 5, Oakland 4. Struck out — By Whelan
2. Russell 1. Hit by pitcher— Holland. Pabst.
Lehman. Double plays— Francks to Arrellanes
to Etrteb: Francks to Arrellanes to Strieb; Ar
rellanes to Francks to Strieb: Schwartz to Krug
to Pabst: Ktrieb to Lehman to Strieb. Wild
r-iteh — w halen: Time of ramp — 2 hours. Um
pire — Donohue. McFarland, official scorer.
LOS ANGELES WINS.
I>cyle Passed Too Many Angels and
Senators Lost.
LOS ANGELES, May 10.— Too many
bases on balls by Doyle cost Sacramento
the game to-day. Fi\*e free passes after
ward turned into runs. Los Ang-eles was
lucky In making hits when they were
most needed and won the grame by a score
of 9 to 5. The score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. rf 2 2 0 110 0
Kelly, es 5 0 110 2 0
Hutchinson, lb 3 1 0 0 12 0 0
Householder, cf 4 1 2 0 2 0 0
PpieF. c 5 1117 11
ruil!y. 3b 5 1-11 1 4 l
Briseno. 2b 3 2 2 2 12 0
Bowman. If 2 1 1 0 3 0 0
Hartwell, p 4 0 10 0 4 0
Totals S3 9 9 6 27 14 2
SACRAMENTO. k
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGucken. cf 5 0 l o l o o
Pevereaux. ss 4 1 1 0 5 3 l
Courtney. 2b '2 1 1 0 2 4 0
.McLaughlin, If 5 13 15 0 0
Hanlon. lb 3 0 0 0 7 0 0
Doyle. P 5 0 0 0 0 3 0
Stanley, c 3 110 6 0 0
Fheehan. 3b... .4 11 0 0 1 0
Stricklett, rf i 0 2 0 10 0
Totals S8 5 10 1 27 11 1
RUNS A»fD HITS BY IXNTKTGS.
Lot Angeles 2 23000200—9
Base hits 0 1300030 2—9
Sacramento 0 22100000—5
Base hits 1 2 12 110 2 0—10
SUMMARY.
Earned runs — Ix>8 Ans-eles 3. Two-bas* hits
Bowman. Briseno, Householder. Sacriflce hit-
Bowman. First base on errors— Los Angeles 2.
First base on called balls— Los Angeles 8 Sac
ramento 4. Left on bases— Los Angeles 7, Sac
ramento 10. Struck out— By Doyle 6, by Hart
well 4. Double play— Courtney to Devereau**
to Hanlon. Time of game— 2:00. Umpire — >
O'Ccnnell. Scorer— Cashrnan. • .
Academic League Baseball.
Teams from the Lick and Berkeley
High School will play the final game for
the championship of the Amateur
Academic League at Recreation Park this
morning. . Game will be called at 9:30.
Both nines are in fine shape and have had
the benefit of coaching from leasruo play
ers. A large delegation from both schools
will be on hand to cheer the teams on to
victory. A beautiful trophy will be award
ed the winning team.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL V SAXUKDAY, MAr 11, 1WI;
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
Soldier a -Victim of Knockout Drops.
' Robert Odure.- a discharged soldier, was
found . yesterday afternoon- In the ferry
building in an unconscious condition.. He
was about to leave for his home In
Georgia. The police believe that he was
the victim of knockout drops. He wa3
removed- at once to the Harbor Hospital,
and. although he will recover, he ia still
In a semi-conscious condition.- When
found he- had no money on his person, and
It is thought that he was drugged and
robbed, 4te»sMm59BlaSwMrSvB$ttaKgami
Iiiterary " Folks Entertain.
, The . entertainment elven by_ the St. Al
ban's Literary I and Social Society at
Golden Gate Hall last night greatly
pleased a large audience. A comedy In
two acts entitled "A Box of. • Monkeys"
¦was cleverly presented by the following:
Jack Curtis, Daniel G.Coleman. Jtfae Fol
som.' Cecile M. C. Sorbier and Florence
Marlnovlch. Miss Grace I. Savage and
\V. G. . Baudoln rendered several vocal
selections, and Robert M. Collier presided
'at the piano. :. ¦ .-,
EASTERN BASEBALL.
5
• - AD V JBBTISEMEDSrT S.
The bather sometimes finds the sand
soft and yielding to his feet. ' It does
not trouble . him and he goes on until .
presently he sinks *~ ¦ij.i.lj.u.ij.j.i.i.im
his knees and dis- Y.)^.|M/.)7.*(^)-Z'ff
covers to his horror //^V/) 'tJ.VxLx
that he has to fight L^|V\'*y-/7;]i');fi*r
f o» his life - in a r^p 1 - v-v*"^)-V vi*
Disease is much y l*).)\
like the quicksand. A' • t^^mffi)-)-
The first symptoms U ¦jg8j§jj*B[«|S|i )
of stomach trouble /- **v*^«JeB©** VI
do not . cause anxi- •#" iJu4s*^M #'J
ety. But when '}'wT^V> Taj
the -body grows W MBm^k / 1
weak through lack j| ! yj']!!^ ''LA m J&
of nourishment and ''IMJMa^g^jggfegl
disease of the stom- "!^^^^^^wM
ach breeds disease -.•'ggJBBpSjroJH ¦
of heart, lungs, liver
or kidneys, the suf- "^"jjSypft^^-jJMfl
ferer realizes his .Qm fwt
danger and seeks for -"^-M^^ Ji\$r[
medicinal aid. "*^T r *"^g_? k!
j Dr. rierce's Gold- *S&^"/^ 2l\
en -Medical Discov- *-*i$8^ •iZf^zj I
ery cures diseases of
the- stomach and jffiigi'v'..^ I
other organs of di-
gestionand nutrition. It cures diseaMs of
heart, lungs, liver, kidneys, etc., when
these diseases have their origin in dis-
ease of the stomach and its-aifcjd organs.
Thomas A. Swarts, of Snb-Stati(5 C.,- Colum-
bns, Ohio, Box 103. writes: "I was taicn with
severe headache, then cramps in the stomach. —
and my food would not digest, then kidney and
liver trouble, and ray back got weal: so*t- could .
scarcely get around. - At last 1 had an the com-
plaints at one?, and the more I doctored the
worse I get until six years passed. I had br-
j come so poorly I could only walk ia the house
by the aid of a chair, and I got so thin I had
iciven up to die. ,Then a neighbor said. ' Take
Dr.-Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery and mate
a new .man out of yourself.* The first bottle
helped me so I thought I would get another,
and after I had token eight bottles, in about six
weeks. I was weighed and found I had gained
. twenty-seven (27) pounds. . I have done more
hard work in the past eleven months than I did
in . two years ¦ before, and I am as stout and
healthy to-day. 1. think, as I ever was.?
Dr.-Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser," in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay ex-
pense of- mailing only. Address Dr. R.
V. Pierce, Buffafo, N. Y;
l^ai Standard remedy for Glaet. /¦ «y \
\^*M Gonorrhoea and Runnings fuinJ\ I
IN 48 HOURS. Cures Kid- imlUT J
ney »nd Bladder Troubles. \^*r IWall street may be a more comWrtable place than
Alaska to look for rapid money, but it is also a great
deal more risky, and the frosts are harder.
The trials of Shamrock II, the new challenger for
the America's cup, show her to be a very fast boat,
arid the British are becoming sanguine they will at
last carry the prize back to their waters; but they
have been sanguine before, and Americans are hot
worrying. * .
, In a recent address at a Baptist church John D.
Rockefeller said: "One of the best. works a young
man can do is to influence other people to" give .their
money for th* support of a church." . On. the line of
that rule Rockefeller's. own. work must rank as extra
best, for he has made people give up not -only ;to
churches but to .everything -else -in; sight— including
large contributions to his private pile.
Boston is disturbed over the discovery that a-num
bcr of Harvard students have been paying 50 per cent
for borrowed money,; and now everybody is advising
the faculty to start a < business college as an annex
to teach the boys something about the value of money.
Pierpont ; Morgan :s having an easy thing, now, -but
just wait until; he tries to get a cirich on 'something
that-Hetty Green owns/ ' '-
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel building.'
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public Tnen by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Decorate for McKinley. -
30,000 rolls red. white, and blue crepe pa
per. Immense colored pictures of McKln
ley on stretchers. Bunting, festooning
shields and flags for the million. Sanborn'
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. • •
One of the handsomest girls In Atchison.
20 years old. has been, "doctoring" for
three years past- She is in perfect health.
Are you prepared to stand the severity of win
ter? I>r. Slegert's Angostura Blttera build up th«
system, vitalize the blood and prevent disease.
Many causes Induce gray; hair, but Parkers
Hair Balsam brings t back the youthful color.
• Htndercorcs. the best cure for corns. 15 eta.
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c. Look
out 81 4th, front of barber and grocery. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
THE PROGRESS OF CANADA.
OFFICIAL statistics issued by the. Canadian
Government show that the population of Can
ada is now about 6,000,000, as compared with
4,800,000 a decade a*go. The increase is equal to 23
per cent, while that of the United States during the
same period was 21 per cent. The record is one with
which most Canadians are satisfied, for it shows their
country is increasing more rapidly than they expected,
and that they are no longer losing an undue propor
tion of their young men to the United States.
In fact it appears the drift of migration. is for the
present against us rather, than in our favor, as it has
been in the past. It is said that upward of 12,000
Americans -crossed the border and made their homes
in Canada last year, and it is estimated that during
the present year the number of such settlers will be
not far, if any, short of 20,000. Moreover, the san
guine Canadians are calculating that the number of
American immigrants will "continue to increase every
year for at least a quarter of a century to come. »
The Klondike boom had of course. something to do
with the American immigration, for it carried to the
gold country . a considerable number of miners and
adventurers. Such immigrants, however, can hardly
be regarded as a permanent addition to the popula
tion.' A more important attraction has been the lib
eral inducements offered by the Canadian Govern
ment to settlers on the public lands of the great
northwest. In that vast region there are still- ample
lands for the landless, and enterprising men from this
as well as from other countries are hastening to take
possession of them. ¦,
It appears the Canadian Immigration Department
has agents all 'over the farming States of, the Union,
and that the bulk of the American settlers last year
were drawn from ' Dakota, Minnesota, ' Nebraska,
• The visit to San Francisco is to be the culmination
of the President's tour, and accordingly every citizen
should decorate his premises in a way to make the city
more glorious in brightness and beauty than it has
ever been before.
A CHANCE TO RTVTTT.T!,
Mr. . Fulton Street — That "was & very
sweet kiss you . gave me at the masked
ball last evening.
Miss Bay Ridge— Impossible! I was
masked; so you could not be sure that you
kissed me.
Mr. Fulton Street— Oh. but I amr~I
kissed every girl there!— Brooklyn Eagle.
They were talking 1 of a baby that had
auite enraptured her.
"Isn't she just sweet enough to kiss?"
she asked.
"Net yet," ho replied thoughtlessly,
"not by about sixteen or seventeen
years."— Tld-Blts.
It was evident In his swagger that he
was a scion of the British aristocracy,
and the most casual observer could not
have failed to note that he was a stranger
to the city. He touched a well dressed,
auburn haired young man who was lolling
in front of a Broadway hotel on the
shoulder. .
"Pardon me. me dear man. but could I
trouble you for a match?" After lighting
his cigar he continued: "Bah Jove, this 13
a remarkable city. This is me first visit
to New Tork, d'ye know? I'm a deuced
stranger, but on the other side I'm a per
son of Importance; I am Sir Francis Daf
fy, Knight of the Garter, Knight of the
Bath, Knight of the Double .Eagle, Knight
of tho Golden Fleece. Knight of the Iron
Cross. D'ye mind telling me your name,
me dear man?"
Replied he of the auburn hair, in a deep,
rich brogue:
"Me name is Michael Murphy, nigrht be
fore last, night before that, last night, to
night and every night— Michael Murphy."
—Indianapolis Sun.
CALIFORNIA is not a phylactery, but is the
stuff of which that spell "is made. In other
words, material, productive and industrial
California stands erect under the crown of scenery and
splendor so attractive to the eye and the senses.
President McKinley is upon the soil of the greatest of
the States in all the elements and capacities and re
sources which invite the energies of man for their de
velopment.
Referring to the current report of<the State Board
of Trade, the President and his Cabinet will find that
the State north of the Tehachapi Pass shipped last
3ear 8779 carloads of green deciduous fruits, and
south of that pass nineteen carloads were shipped.
Continuing the statistics as from the north and south
of that line, the north shipped of dried fruits, exclu
sive of raisins, 8490 carloads; the. south 369. The
north shipped 3421 carloads of raisins; the south 161.
The north shipped of canned goods 7852 carloads; the
south 492. The north shipped of green vegetables
2757 carloads; the south 2053. Of canned vegetables
the north produced 307 carloads; the south 4. Now,
when our visitors have got that far in the figures,
showing the supremacy of Northern California in all
those lines, let them turn to the citrus fruits, oranges,
-limes, lemons and shaddocks, and see where the su
premacy of the south lies. Southern California
shipped last year of citrus fruits the enormous quan
tity of 21,818 carloads, and the north 827.
The north shipped of wine and brandy 8789 car
loads; the south 277. The Secretary of Agriculture
already knows our beet sugar industry. For the year
ending May 31, 1900, California produced over half the
beet sugar of the United States. The board's report
says: "It is not possible to exaggerate the impor
tance of the beet sugar industry to the farmers of this
State 1 ."
Figures are tiresome, but all administration is
dealing with them, and the Cabinet transacts public
business between banquets and receptions. Califor
nia produced iii 1900 28,782,859 pounds of butter,
4,989.960 of cheese, 86,741,713 of sugar, 7,220,000 of
hops. 973,102 tons of wheat, 27,500,000 pounds of wool,
650.981.012 feet of lumber, and of metals and minerals
— antimony, asbestos, asphalt, bituminous rock, bo
rax, cement, chrome, clay, coal, copper, fuller's
earth, glass sand, gold, granite, gypsum, infusorial
earth, iron ore, lead, limestone, lithia, mica, macadam,
magnesite, manganese, marble, mineral paint, mineral
water, natural gas, onyx and travertine, paving blocks,
petroleum, platinum, pyrites, quartz sand, quicksilver,
rubble, salt, sandstone, serpentine, silver, slate, soap
stone, soda, tin — to the value of $31,000,000.
Over all this was spread the canopy of our glorious
climate, which we export in the blush and bloom of
our fruits and the sparkle of our wines, without re
ducing the original stock in the least.
California is glad to see the President, and she flat
ters herself that the gratification is mutual. If he
doesn't see what he wants while here, will he please
ask for it? .
CALIFORNIA TO THE PRESIDENT
BETWEEN the British and the Boers there are
no signs of surrender or of compromise.
¦Each side has evidently resolved to fight the
war out until the other is completely beaten. Every
offer of terms has been rejected by the Boers, and
any suggestion of abandoning the struggle for su
premacy is scoffed at by the British. - It is now known
that the struggle is to be a long and costly one to
the empire and a disastrous and devastating one to the
republic, but none the less neither side is willing to
yield. 1 The one will continue to send to the front new
troops, no matter- how. high the taxes rise, and the
"other will continue to uphold the cause of indepen
dence though all the skies be red with the glare of
burning homes.
< In a recent speech in Parliament Balfour said the
Boers must now be convinced that the resolution of
the British people is unalterable. Sir. Alfred Milner
says the British in South Africa upon whom the
burden of the war has fallen are as determined as are
the people. at home. In speaking of them he said:
"They are sick to death of the war, which has brought
ruin to many of them and imposed considerable sacri
fices upon all; but they would rather see the war con
tinue for an indefinite time than run' the risk of any
compromise which would* leave~even •* the' Yemotest
chance of the recurrence; of so. terrible a scourge in
the future. They are prepared to fight and to suffer
on in order to make South Africa, indisputably and
forever one country under one flag, with one system
of government, and that system British." \
On the other side the Boers are equally determined
to maintain their independence or perish in the at
tempt. Like the British, they are resolved to fight
the controversy to a finish now so that it may never
.rise again to devastate their country. It is reported
that a British commissioner sent out from Kroonstad
recently tried to impress upon Dewet that it is a duty
on his part to surrender and thus save his country
from further ruin and a useless sacrifice of life; In
reply-Dewet said neither he nor his people had the
slightest idea, of surrender, and with respect to the
devastation of the country he added the war would
not begin in genuine earnest until the ; farms and
towns had been so ruined , the people would have no
longer any thought about saving their possessions.
The London Chronicle recently published an.ac
count of Dewet furnished by a Dutch major who
after serving with the Boers for six months has just
returned home.. In describing the Boer hero the
writer says: "In spite of "his 44 years he looked in
the prime of life as he held out his hand to me with a
smile of recognition. One can'sce that he is conscious
of his fame, that he realizes the estimate the English
have formed of -him as the man who has been too
slim for them all. He is, however, entirely devoid of
pride or conceit. He looks upon- himself always as
a mere instrument in God's hand, for his belief in a
divine government of things is as firm as a rock. ,'If,'
he said once tea pastor, 'I had not seen things happen
in almost every fight which"' the 'mere, human intelli
gence \ would have thought impossible, and which
clearly showed the hand of God, I should long ago
have lost heart.-' *,If the war should last for years
longer he will accept' it as a purifying trial, and will
fight with the last 300 in the Northern Transvaal un
less killed or taken prisoner before."
Here, then, is a leader^ho ;is irrecon
cilable, and who expects success through his faith in
the justice of his cause. His followers are 'as ardent
as himself, and so. long as the wilds of their country
afford them a place of security from their pursuers
tncy will carry on the fight by raid after raid until their
strength is utterly exhausted. This is as true a hero
ism as was ever shown in any war, and with all their
doggedness the British cannot face it without a feel
ing.of anxiety. How long it will take to end the
struggle no one can: now foresee. . Even the British
prophets have ceased to predict that " it'-' will soon : be
brought to a close, for it now seems to be conceded
that so Jong as any number of , Boers remain with
arms in their hands the fight will . continue. ' " £}'•'£
A FIGHT TO A FINISH.
A LETTER— R. E.. City. There is no
letter delivery in San Francisco on Sun
days. If you desire to have a letter de
livered to a business place in the city on
that day, you will have to engage mes
senger service or deliver it yourself.
WASHINGTON CENT— J. C. J.. City.
The market value of a Washington cent
of 17S3 bearing the legend "Washington
and Independence" on the obverse, and
"Unity States of America" on the re
verse, Is from 50 to 75 cents. Dealers do
not offer any premium for such a coin.
PROOF READER— P., Oakland. Cal.
A person desiring a position as proof
reader should go to the foreman of the
office in which he would like to work,
state his qualifications and tell him that
he is looking for employment. The
chances of obtaining a situation are the
same as in all occupations where there
is only a limited demand.
COLORING MATTER-Inqulrer. City.
The color of the hair seems to depend on
the presence of a peculiar oil, which Is of
a sepia tint fn dark hair, blood-red in red
hair and yellowish In fair hair. This oil
may be extracted by alcohol or ether, and
the hair is then left a grayish-yellow tint.
The srrayness of hair in advanced life is
due to a deficiency of this oiL There are
those who hold that there is nothing that
will supply that deficiency, and that the
hair is like the branch of a tree in which
nature has- shut off the sap supply; the
branch remains and withers, in fact turns
gray, but no amount of cultivation can re
store the sap. There are others who claim
that they have discovered the secret by
which hair is supplied with the coloring
matter.
PLACER CLAIMS— C. R., Woodland,
CaL Claims usually called '/placers," In
cluding all forms of deposits excepting
veins of quartz or other rock in place, are
subject to entry or patent under like cir
cumstances and conditions and upon sim
ilar proceedings as are provided for vein
or lodge claims; but where the lands have
been previously surveyed by the United
States the entry in its exterior limits
should conform to the. legal subdivisions
of the public lands. A- location shall not
exceed 1500 feet in length nor 600 feet in
width. Placer lands are open to explora
tion and purchase and to occupation and
purchase by citizens, or such as have de
clared their intention to become such, un
der regulation prescribed by law and ac
cording to the customs of the local miners
in the several districts, so far as the same
are applicable end not inconsistent with
the laws of the United States. One who
wants to locate a placer' claim should
visit the land office of the district in
which it is located.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
TWO ISLANDS-A. S. M. C, City. The
area of the island of Haytl. or Haiti, is
401 square mile?: that of the Island of
Oahu, Hawaiian Islands, is 600 square
miles.
CAUFOBNIAUS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK. May 10.— The following
Calif or nlans "are in New Tork: San
Francisco— P. H. Boyle, at Grand; E. P.
Danforth, at Holland; T. Harris, at
Grand Union; A. F. Judda, at Herald
Square; W. C. Matthles. at Grand Union;
C. B. Spaldlng-, at Hoffman; F. E. "Ware,
at Astor; F. Hylton, at Broadway Cen
tral; W. P. Matthies, at Hoffman; B. L.
Quayle. T. Quayleand wife, Mrs. E. Van
Cott, at Continental; "W. D. Clark, at Hol
land; N. J. Koshland, at Herald Square;
E. Livingston, at Cadillac; H. J. Otten
helmer, V. R. Ulman. at Herald Square.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Mose • Gunst starts to-day for a trip
to Europe. . '-*'
D. J. B. Hamilton of Los Angeles is at
the Occidental. ¦.--•*
C. G. H. McBride, a capitalist of San
Jose, is at the Palace.
Louis Kalzer. the American Consul at
Mazatlan. Mex., Is In the city. He Is at
the Grand. .* v.~-": ?
W. P. Dunham, a prominent mining
man of Denver, arrived from. Los Angeles
yesterday and la at the Palace.
Colonel John Bradbury, Mrs. S. M.
Bradbury and L. Bradbury arrived from
Los Angeles yesterday and are registered
at the Palace.
J. H. McNally. United States Consul
General at Guatemala, arrived yesterday
on the steamship Coptic on a leave of
absence of a few weeks.
SATURDAY. MAY 11, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
All Comsmaieationi ti W. 8. LEAK, Manager.
M tNACEB'S OFFICE. -rvr^rrT5J^IlHS3lS-^3^^-5Si.
I'CBLICATIOA* OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone PreM SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. ....217 *o 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
OeUrered 1»t Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelt.
Simple Copies. S Cent*.
Term* br Mall, Including Postages
•^ATLT CALI> OncloainK Sunday), one year **.M
PAILT CAZ/I> flnc"ndlijff Sunday). « months 9-M
J5AJL.T CAT£> Onelndlnr Sunday). S month» l.M
DAILT CAUy— By ElEEle Moatfa «So
WEEKI/T CALL,, One Tear 1 - Of
All povtmaiter* are authorized to receive
¦ubacrtptions.
Sera pie copies will be fomrarded whsn requested.
Man mhecrn»'T* In erd»rlnr chanr* of «adr*»« rtioulfl **
Mrtlcriar to flvt> both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to incurs a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLA\D OFFICC •-. -HIS Broadway
C. GEOnGB KROGNF.SS.
Kutager Foreign lemtitiag, Xirqattte Building. Chiraga. -
Ojock Distance Telephone "Central S619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
C. C. CABLTOJf Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
8".'EPHE5 B. SMITH. ....... • 3O Tribune Bnildingr
NEW TORK IIEWS STANDS:'
WaiaoTf-Attorfa Hotel: A. Brentaao, a Union Square;
Murray HU1 Hotel. . - ¦
CHICAGO 2^WS STANDS:
Sherman Hemae; P. O. Newa Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fretncnt House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHnrcTos (D. c> office. . . .i«oe o St.. if. w.
MORTO.V E. CRA\E, Correspondent.
BRA5CH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cntU S:SO o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. (33
McAllister, open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 L&rkln. open until
9--X0 o'clock. 1941 MlESlon. open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
crtll J o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
cer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open untQ 9 o'clock.
Iowa, -Michigan, Kansas,; Montana, .Wisconsin and
Illinois, j The , Government, .it is' said, ¦ not only, offers
its land freei but it grants "subsidies for irrigation in
arid regions. Over 200 canals have already been con
structed in .various placesj bringing a million waste
acres under cultivation.
Free land will of course always be an attraction to
the Anglo-Saxon or Teutonic .race. / The great . mass
of men belonging 'to that race have ever had a desire
to be land-owners. So long.as the United States had
good lands to give away we attracted thousands of
immigrants, who came here asrnuch for the sake of
getting free land as for the sake of becoming citizens
of the republic and enjoying the blessings of our form
of government. Now that the best of our Government
lands are exhausted the land-seekers turn to the fields
of Canada. \
While everything. is thus promising for the future
and gratifying to , the Canadian optimist there are
many in the Dominion who, insist. that a population
of 6,000,000 for so large and so rich a country is noth
ing to boast of. One of that class, Seigneur Papi
neau of Montebello, a son of Louis Papirieau, who led
the revolt against Great' Britain in 1837, has recently
published an open letter in which he says: "If Can
ada had joined the Revolution, instead of remaining
a puny cofony of six- millions it would now number
over* twenty. millions. and -the whole trade of the
Northern States would have followed the natural
course of the St. Lawrence. The double belt of
Custom-houses and obstruction would have had no
existence. • Toronto would have outstripped Buffalo,
and even Chicago; Montreal and Quebec would have
eclipsed Boston and New York."-
The soundness of Papirieau's statement can hardly
be questioned.. However, it is now too late in the day
to talk of what.would have happened had the French
Canadians of. the time of the Revolution sided with
the American colonists." , Having taken the course
they did,' Canada has been sidetracked for all these
years, and if now there is a beginning of a new era
in her history and a more rapid progress is about to
be achieved by her. people the United States will have
nothing but congratulations for her neighbors.
THE CUBAN TANGLE.
THERE was some surprise in this country that
the rather mild terms of the Platt resolution
..were .made the. subject of such heated discussion
in Cuba. ...... ¦• .
The resolution "gave Cuba the use of our navy,
sparing-her the expense of one of her own, and, at
least temporarily, protected her against her own inex
perience in the matters of public debt and sanitation
of her cities.
There are indications now that while the Cubans
are on independence bent they have a frugal mind.
Their violent opposition to the Platt plan is sus
ceptible of abatement and abolishment entirely in con
sideration of tariff arrangements which will give
Cuban sugar and tobacco an advantage in our market.
Much, has been said about the peppery and per
nicious character of the Cuban politicians, but it is
more and more 'apparent that they are nothing more
than the moving instruments in a combination of cos
mopolitan planters of sugar and* tobacco. These
planters are Americans, Englishmen and Spaniards,
differing in nationality and race, but all fervently de
voted to the eagle, and doubly devoted to the double
eagle as coined in our mints.
They desire to .break into our market and therein
to overrun and run out the domestic products with
which they will compete. American. protectionists see
in this sugar and tobacco politics the placing of the
first mine to '.destroy our protective system. It would
be an economic romance certainly, and perhaps an
economic tragedy, if England and the United States
change places in their trade policy. By stubborn ad
herence to the protective system this country has con
quested the trade of the world. We have distanced
Germany and overtaken Great Britain. The results
have been so conspicuous that the opponents of pro
tection have almost ceased to make it a political issue.
Is it desirable to confess judgment now, when they
have no petition filed and.no suit before the people?
If we are to abate" protection in the case of Cuban
products, where will we find argument for its main
tenance against the products of any other country?
Are we to maintain a sugar tariff, raised higher by
countervailing duties, against Germany, Holland,
France, Belgium, Russia and Austria-Hungary, while
we let Cuban sugar come in free/or with s'uch abate
ment of duty as will make the act a vicious discrimina
tion against those countries, which are also producers
of a surplus of sugar? If we so abate protection in
favor of Cuba on the score of mutual trade, how will
the account stand? In 1900 we exported to Cuba
$26,000,000 of our products, but the same year Ger
many, Holland, France, Belgium, Russia and Austria-
Hungary took of our exports $419,000,000!
Henry Clay in 1846 warned the country against the
danger to the American system involved in just such
as this Cuban proposition. If there were reasons on
his side then, how much greater. are they now? In
addition to a discrimination against countries that
took nearly a half-billion of our surplus last year, the
demand of the sugar politicians 61 Cuba strikes at a
home investment and domestic industry that it would
destroy, to the immeasurable harm of our own pro
ducers. There are in operation in this country forty
beet sugar factories, with an invested capital of $30,
000,000. The farmers of Michigan, Ohio, New York",
Indiana, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Illinois, Nebraska,
Colorado, Utah, Oregon, Washington, Dakota, and
California have turned to the sugar beet as a profit
able rotating "crop. •Notwithstanding the very low
ruling price of sugar J they have found the industry
to pay. They cannot compete with Cuban sugar at
any reduction in tariff protection. The capital in
vested in the mills would have to find its profit either
in raising the price of sugar, which it .cannot do, or
in lowering the price paid to 1 the farmer for the raw
material. When this depression passed the point of
his endurance the farmer would abandon/beet culture,
and our agriculture would lose that profitable varia
tion in crops.
It is known by protectionists that the latter strength
of that policy has come from the alliance between the
manufacturing and the agricultural classes, and it is
also known that this alliance depends upon the pro
tection of sugar, tobacco, rice and wool. In the case
of sugar and tobacco the influence is especially strong.
Every acre devoted to either is thereby taken out pi
competition in corn and small grain. Every acre
upon which Cuban sugar and tobacco obsoletes the
culture of either is returned to competition with corn
and small grain. So this issue, by impingement, af
fects an immense class of agriculturists who raise
neither sugar nor tobacco, but are the beneficiaries of
the withdrawal- of sugar and tobacco lands from com
petition. •
The demand of the Cuban planters may be more
concentrated, its focus may be more powerful; it is
capable of more effective organization; but we»raise
the voice of warning now that the American interest
in the issue.affects millions, and the result will impress
those States which control the politics of this country.
size and shape of the earth has been com
puted, but the problem Is so complex
that, for its solution, the co-operationi or
all civilized nations has been invoked and
obtained by International agreement. The
Coast and Geodetic Survey has contrib
uted as its share toward our knowledge
of -this important Question -one of the
longest measured areas, extending from
the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean, along
the thirty-ninth parallel of latitude, and a
Fhortef one extending from Maine to
Louisiana.
Since the work of the Coast and Geodetic
Survey covers such a wide territory and
consists oft such varied operations, it has
been possible only to suggest in the fore
going outline its general character and
utility. The methods and results have
been pronounced by many eminent men.
who were themselves in charze of survey
work to be . unexcelled by those of any
other nation.
ized work of the coast survey developed
its existence. Had it been known in lra
D'Eslaing's fleet might have passed Into
the bay, the British fleet might have been
destroyed and the- Revolutionary vvar
might have been shortened by several
years.
Work Done by the Coast Survey. . ,
To further illustrate, take the facts In
the case of the early maps of Delaware
Bay. Cape Henlopen and Cape May
lights were laid down all the way from
four and one-half to seven miles too far
apart.* A survey based on shore points
accurately determined developed other
errors in this bay equally large* The light
at Bombay Hook, the leading "mark for
running up the bay,- was found to be
five miles out of position.' The deepest
and most sheltered channel in the widest
part ¦ of the bay was supposed to be al
most a shoal. The list of such inaccur
acies could be lengthened indefinitely.
¦ If such were the conditions along thf
main thoroughfares of trade It may be
imagined how little reliance cquld be
placed on charts ! of other portions of the
Atlantic coast. If they were less faulty
it is no doubt owing to the fact that the
nature of. the region afforded fewer op
portunities for error. The chart3 of the
gulf coast were made up from a patch
work of heterogeneous Information, while
those of the California coasts were tne re
sults of exploring expeditions and had no
exact basis. *
Fortunately these conditions are a mat
ter of history now. In so far as they relate
to the Atlantic, gulf and Pacific coasts of
the United States and a portion of Alas
ka. ' Over 500 charts of different scales
to suit the various wants of the mari
ner are published. They range from, a
sailing chart of a small scale covering
long stretches of coast to the large scale
harbor chart. On the latter the topogra
phy, has been so minutely detailed that in
many cases Individual houses are repre
sented. The adjacent water areas have
likewise received the closest examination
to develop the characteristic features of
the bottom and to discover all hidden dan
gers. At critical places the -depths are
given to the nearest half foot. Since it
is impossible to put all the navigational
information on the charts they are sup
plemented by such publications as the
"Coast Pilots," the "Tide Tables" and
the "Notices to Mariners."
Constant Changes of the Coast.
The work of an organization devoted to
the survey and charting of a coast like
ours never ceases. Under water, as well
as along the water's edge, tidal currents
and storm waves are constantly operating
to produce change, while on shore the
aspect of the country is being continually
altered by a denser settlement, old land
marks being destroyed and new ones ap
pearing. Therefore, the shores and ad
jacent-waters of our immediate coasts will
always need constant supervision and pe
riodical revision, while Alaska and the
Philippine Islands will tax the ehergies
of the survey for years to come.
Few people are aware of the number
and relative Importance of the different
operations which precede the construc
tion of a modern chart. Since its chief
function is to show th£ depth of the
water the hydrography generally occu
pies the larger space and Is the most con
spicuous feature. It should, however, be
understood that it is but one of the op
erations. Like the soundings obtained by
the leadsman, which form the larger part
of the hydrographic notes, it is dependent
for its value on other work Quite as Im
portant. . /
The topography, next to the hydrogra
phy, occupies on the chart the greatest
saace and attracts more attention than
the remainder of the Information. Be
sides being useful to the mariner to lo
cate his whereabouts on the water, it is
studied with reference to military defense,
harbor improvements and other engineer
ing problems which come up for solution
in the vicinity of great commercial thor
oughfares. The topographer, like the hy
drogapher, is also dependent on the la
bors of others for the necessary trigo
nometric control which gives his work the
required accuracy.
Magnetic Currents.
The magnetic work of the survey is only
represented on the chart by one or more
compass diagrams, which show the
amount of the deviation of the needle
from the north for a certain date, and its
annual change. In order correctly to draw
these diagrams, make the predictions for
them and study the laws governing the
movements of the needle, the survey has
determined the magnetic elements at a
large number of stations along the coasts
and throughout the interior of our terri
tory, and is constantly adding new sta
tions and revisiting the old ones.
The results of this work are not only or
vital importance to the mariner but of the
greatest necessity to every survevor of
the land. Many boundary disputes involv
ing .large sums of money have been defin
itely settled by recourse to the surveyor's
publications on this subject, which are
received as final authority by the courts.
The results of another field of observa
tion and research, the tides, only appear
on thfi chart in the form of a small table.
Yet to obtain the necessary data for its
construction, the observations of the tides
at many points along the coasts, and cov
ering a period of many years, have^been
collected and studied. The j tables, which
are published in book form, are predicted
in the office of the survey a year in ad
vance, and are ready for distribution In
ample, time for mailing- to distant agencies
before the date when they come into use.
Their contents appear in the daily press
of the country in the shape of daily pre
dictions of local tide.
Other Features -of the Service.
From the astronomical work of the sur
vey is derived the small table containing
\ the geographical positions (the latitudes
and longitudes) of the. principal light
houses which are shown on the chart. It
also controls through the triangulatlon all
other .geographical positions. Besides
this, every city and town in the United
States which has its longitude accurately
known is Indebted to the telegraphic long
itude system, of the survey.
That branch of. the work which fur
nishes the framework for constructing the
chart is not represented on the published
chart at all. This is the trlangulatlc-n. It
controls the work of the. topographer and
hydrographerby^ supplying points whose
distances and directions are known, and
by means of which each . feature on the
chart is properly related to every other
feature and is assigned its correct geo
graphical position. The completed trian
gulation system i extending alonjr the
coasts, and also through the interior of
the continent, furnishes to three-quarters
of the States of the Union exact distances
and geographical positions on which to
base . their topographic surveys.
In addition, as part of the trigonometric
systems, the eastern half of the. United
Slates ; has been i covered with ¦ a network
of precise. level circuits, and bench, marks
giving the heights above mean sea level
have, been , freely distributed over the
whole area_for the. benefit of engineers
This system will be extended to the Pa
cific Coast.
¦ .Supplying Earth Measurements.
"•¦' It is. not at all surprising that from the
earliest time man should have speculated
concerning the size and shape of the earth
on which he lives. -The first definite step
to obtain some reliable notion of its form
was taken two centuries before the Chris
tian- era. but it was not until afterthe
principle of triangulation had been Intro
duced and the law. of gravitation discov
ered -that '¦ adecuate' methods were em
plcyed. Nearly all of the European na
tions have been for years and are, now
still' engaged ; in collecting materials to
ward a more perfect solution of this prob
lem; on which < some > of the fundamental
data of astronomy depend. All of the sur
veys ..which they have made, either for
internal improvements, military or fiscal
purposes, have been based on a system of
trianpulation. > In carrying out this work
the ' between separated
points on, the -earth's surface liave been
measured and their astronomical positions
' determined.* ; From these quantities the
(COPYRIGHT, 1S0L)
XIH— COAST AND G EODETTC SUB VEY.
All maritime nations, recognizing their
large share of responsibility for the safety
of the ships which frequent the navigable
waters within their domain, maintain es
tablishments organized to chart'-: the
coasts, to mark the dangers, and as these
safeguards at times In stress weather
prove unavailing they provide a means to
rescue life from imminent disaster.
Quick voyages and light risks find their
reflection in correspondingly small insur
ance ; premiums and low charter rates.
These charges being placed on the com
modities of trade, any decrease in their
amount benefits either producer or con
sumer, wherever he may be. The rapid
development and enormous increase of
our commerce would^ have been impossi
ble without the faithful execution of the
carefully planned measures of this Gov
ernment In the interests of the ocean car
rying trade.' The United States coast and
geodetic survey has • shared in the im
portant work designed to carry out tylils
enlightened policy from the, time of its
organization.'
The survey had Its > beginning in 1S07,
when Thomas Jefferson recommended to
Congress its establishment, and soon aft
erward Albert Gallatin, Secretary of the
Treasury, addressed a circular to eminept
scientific men 1 inviting 1 their views on the
best method j of conducting a systematic
survey of our coasts. The plan finally
adopted was submitted by Ferdinand Ru
dolph Hassler, a Swiss by, birth, a man
versed in the art of conducting extensive
surveys and woll fitted by- his knowledge
and indomitable spirit to inaugurate a
great enterprise.
The task which he and his successors
set themselves to perform was to make a
trigonometric survey of the, coasts in ac
cordance with the most approved means
which modern science affords, using al
ways the most approved methods and in
struments: the topography . to be carried
as far inland as might be necessary for
proper delineation of the shore for pur
poses either .of commerce or of defense,
and with soundings of the adjacent waters
within twenty leagues of the shove, and
inland to the head of ship navigation or
tidal influence.
Keeping pace with the territorial expan
sion of our country, the operations of the
survey were extended successively to the
Florida and Texas .coasts, to California
and the shores of the Pacific as far as the
Straits of Fuca, and later on to Alaska,
with its vast length of -intricate shore
line, stretching from the historical paral
lel of latitude "54:40" northward to the
frozen ocean, and comprising witnin its
limits the remarkable chain of the Aleu
tion Islands, projecting westward for a
distance of over 1000 miles from the main
land. . • '. .
Further Extension of the Work.
• In order to connect the surveys on the
Pacific Coast with those on the Atlantic
a transcontinental triangulation extend
ing from shore to shore was authorized,
and the word "geodetic", was added to the
name of the organization, making it the
'coast and geodetic survey. .'• ":
Yet more recently, after, the Spanish
war, the survey was directed b> Con
gressional legislation to include within its
scope the coasts of the countries under
the jurisdiction of the United States.
The plan upon which it was organized
and the methols it employs are the out
growth of trial and experience from the
time of its inception. Under the direction
i of a superintendent there are two great
i divisions of its work— the field and the of
fice divisions. The field Includes all the
practical operations of the survey on land
and sea. The office is that part of the es
tablishment where the results obtained in
the field are received, digested, prepared
1 for publication and finally published.
The chief product of its work is the
chart, which Is an illustration of the most
: effective use of sign language. It'repre
sents in a most condensed form a large
amount"~of information in a manner to be
quickly read and comprehended without
; effort. On account of its simplicity, of
i representation a slight alteration of any
of its characters may lead to dangerous
consequences. The -shifting of a light
house symbol here or the omission of a
rocky ledge symbol there would be a suf
ficient cause to wreck a ship.
Value of the Charts to Mariners.
There are few fields of fwork where ac
curacy and faithful attention to details
are more necessary than in chartmaking.
The chart by showing the landmarks,
beacons and' buoys in their true relation
to the deep water and the shoals enables
the mariner to pick his way over the
shortest and safest course, to his destin
ation. This is Its. chief value in fair
weather. It renders a still more important
service in foul weather, when these guid
ing marks are hidden from view. Sur
rounded on all sides by an »fmpenetrable
curtain of mist the navigator seeks below
the surface of the waves the information
denied him above them. By means of his
lead line he measures the depth of the
water and < ascertains the .nature of the
bottom. Comparing these with the sound
ings on the chart he verifies, or, perhaps,
modifies the position assumed by reck
oning from the last point of departure.
He then proceeds on his way with confi
dence and if he is prudent repeats this
process until the air clears or his» course
carries him : far outside all danger: Oh
approaching the coast,, but still out : of
sight of land, the same, method Is pur
sued to check the reckoning and to add
to the precision of the navigation of the
ship. Precise navigation demands ; pre
cise surveys and the faithful and distinct
representation of their results in the
form of a chart. A perfect chart should
be like Caesar's wife, above suspicion.'
Gross inaccuracies are the fruitful source
of disaster and a chart of doubtful . ac
curacy is the cause of delay. In this
day of high speed and Quick sale for ready
cargoes, time Is money, and lost , time
means increased coal consumption ' and
the increased expenditures . or smaller
profits always coincident with uncertain
service.' '' '¦ ,- '
Former Ignorance of Our Coasts. ¦
.. What the Coast and Geodetic Survey has
accomplished toward the safety of naviga
tion along our coasts can be more clearly
illustrated by giving some. of the notable
examples of the condition of the | charts
of our coasts - existing at the time it be
gan work. ' v .%. ,. .:¦-,¦
The charts of that period appear, to have
been compiled from surveys made by the
English, and Spanish previous to the War
of ¦ the-. Revolution. There was then.no
systematic plan of operation based on
correct methods, as at .present, and car
ried on '.by- a -.body of men trained in the
practice • of : purveying for.' years and ¦ pur
suing It as their life's .vocation. ' . .
Some of these instances of uncharted
dangers, or glaring errors of position are
of such .. a ¦ character and relate to . such
important localities that if they > existed
to-day they ¦; would, effect an embargo on
modern 'commerce little: short .of that
which would follow, a , state of war. For
example,- the : vast area of shoals extend
ing ' south of " Nantucket ' Island ¦ was . Only
partially ; developed. In fact, the outer
most; shoal lying six miles beyond ¦ the
supposed extremity was unknown. -And
yet these shoals are a serious menace to
navigation ,-¦ situated, as they are,' at the
turning point of the track of vessels from
Europe ¦, to7 New York, , Philadelphia and
Baltimore, or fronv New England to -the
ports - of the i Southern • States. To take
another, case, we find, according to the
most . authoritative chart of' New "York
harbor at --the -.time ¦ of" the revolution,"
there . was s but one . deep water channel
over, the -bar and : that one "close to Sandy
Hook. •>" From - : thence , • across ' to ; Coney
Island . the - whole * area is \ represented', as
1 too ; shoal . for.; navigation " and i the vacant
space is; utilized for a-plcture. v . The.prin
cipal.'channel,'the'".one i now .-I most * used,'
was ; and ';= not : discovered 'until
seventy-five years later, \ when the : organ-
By O. H. Ti-btnasLim.,
SUPERINTENDENT OF THE UNITED STATES COAST AND GEODETIC SUB-
What<the Federal Government Does to Les
sen Dangers to Men Who Go Down
"to the Sea in Ships.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The- San Francisco Call >¦¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 11, 1901.
VEY.
6
Call nDliierlberi contemplating a chance of
rcsldcjicc during the summer month* can htv*
tfcrlr paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying: The Call Business Office.
Tain patter Trill also be on sale at nil nnnimer
teiorti and la represented by a local agent In
all toTrcs on the coast. J *
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWE FOR THE SUMMER.
Columbia— "Bar Harbor." .1-..
Alcazar — "Tbe Conquerors."
Grand Opera-bouse — "Son of Napoleon."
California— "The Lottery of Love."
Central— "The Octoroon."
Tivoll— "The Idol's Eye." .
Orpbeum — Vaudeville.
Olj-mpla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. "Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenlnz. '
Fischer's— Vaudeville. /.
Recreation Park— BasebaU.
Mechanics' Pavilion — Bench Show. .
Metropolitan Temple — "Scenes From Animal Lana," Satur-
day, at 11 a. m.
Putro Baths— Swimmins.
femeryvMe Racetrack— Races to-day.
AjffTjSE2£EXT&
AUCTION SALES.
Dr Win. G. La vn*r— Tuesday. May 14, at 10 o'clock. Ger-
man Government Artillery Horses, at 721 Howard street.SANTA"; ANA, .'May lO.-^lLee .Wright, 'i a
young .farmer; living; ten ,; miles' west of
here, • committed ; suicide . by shooting t yes
terday, f His body was found this evening
on the porch:cf ; a-hou8a,in T the*outskirts
of the city, the'? occupants i off. the house
Farmer Ends His JAt e.
Marriage is a lottery— and lots of men
wieij tbey comd dispose of their tickets.
Twenty y dollars, including . berth, and
meals, for a five days' trip on the elegant
steamship' Corona, saliing. every. : Friday
for San Fedr o and Los Angeles, calling; at
Santa Cruz, Monterey, Port Harford, Gav
lota; Santa: Barbara "Ventura- and other
interesting points, allowing tim© for ' pas
sengers to go ashore, arriving at San
Francisco > Wednesday morning. ,. .Paclno
Coast Steamship Company, office 4 New
Montgomery street, uider Palace Hotel.
Cheaper Than Staying at Home.
Suicide. "
MARYSVILLE, May 10.— E. H. Bronson,
a bartender from Oroville, shot and prob
ably fatally wounded Ada < Clark, aged 19,
and then turned the weapon on himself
and sent a bail into his skull.' He fired
four shots at the girl, one taking effect in
her right cheek and lodging somewhere in
the" head. The bullet; tired into his own
head entered the right temple, but is not
considered dangerous. -:- ,¦
The girl arrived from* Spokane on Tues
day and Bronson came' on Wednesday
from Oroville. They were living together
when the shooting . occurred 'and the girl
was asleep at the. time.. The tragedy oc
curred at>l:30 o'clock thla . morning. It
was due to jealousy. . -
Oroville Man Fatally "Wounds His
Victim and Then Attempts
FIRES FOUR "SHOTS AT
THE WOMAN * HE LOVES
Bullv. Hill Smelter Now Running.
REDDING, May 10.— The "blowing in",
of the smelters of, 350 tons daily capacity
at Bully Hill took place this morning. The
bic plant will now be worked continually.
The Bully Hill smelter plant is .- consid
ered by machinists one of the most com
plete in the world. > It is the embodiment
of the latest inventions in that line. The
Bully Hill is the second. big-; copper smel
ter to, be . put in. operation in Shasta
County. ; V ; _' ' . '• . . - '
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 10.— At
a meeting of the sophomore class to-day
Ralph E. Renaud was chosen editor of
the Quad next year and Chester A. Nara
more manager. Editor-elect Renaud: is
one of the cleverest writers in the college.
As an artist he has equal ability, : having
acted as art editor of the Chaparral for
the past-year. His major Is English, and
he registers from Washington; D. C.
Naramore is a well known athlete. ,
Will Publish the Next "Quad."
CHINESE GET AROUND
THE EXCLUSION LAW
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 10.— "Canada
gets the $100 Chinese poll tax, while the
United States pets the Chinese," were the
words this afternoon of Chief Commis
sioner Clute. now inquiring into the Chi
nese immigration question for the Federal
Government. The remark of Commission
er Clute was caused by the sworn state
ment of Yip Yon. secretary of the Chinese
Board of Trade of British Columbia, that
75 per cent of the Chinese immigrants to
Canada were promptly smuggled into the
United States; that from Vancouver alone
he had personally known that during
March and April 200 Chiaese were safely
smuggled into the State ot Washington.
Yip Yon further said that as a Christian
under oath he would say that he believed
that If Canada stopped Chinese immi
grants for five years there would be very
few Chinese left In Canada. One of the
C«nmissioners asked Yip Yon whither
those now here would go. and he an
swered that nearly all of them would get
Into the States some way, while some
would go to China. Generally speaking,
all roads from China lead to the Linited
States. While great numbers were com
ing into Canada, the numbers of Chinese
in Canada were decreasing yearly.
Further evidence was to the effect that
Chinese coolies ware so eager to raise the
necessary $200 to get into the States via
Canada that they mortgaged their. wives
end children in eome cases. It sometimes
happened that the mortgagees foreclosed
end seized the human ciiattels as slaves.
They disposed cf the women and children
at the end of three years from the date
of the seizure, according to the Chinese
law or custom, which allows the friends
of the slaves tne privilege of buying their
freedom after that time. f
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN JOSE, May 10.— Tying a helpless
stray cur to a post and letting a savage
bulldog tear its flesh into shreds has land
ed Steve de Costa, Arthur Bernell and
Powell McMoir, boys ranging in age from
13 to 18 years, In the City Jail. The cruel
ty of this trio of young fiends would have
resulted In the death of the cur had not
the arrival of a police officer put the boys
to flight. They had caught a dog and tied
him to a post on North Fourth street and
then set the bulldog on the helpless ca
nine, while they danced about . the fight
in glee.- After the boys took flight it was
all the officer could do to^drag off the in
furiated bulldog. The boys will be prose
cuted for cruelty to animals, and De Cos
the Whittler Reform School
Special Dispatch to The Call.
YOUNGSTER ACHIEVE
ACME OF CRUELTY
Action on the most important matter be
fore the committee— that of changing the
rating on mixed carloads— was ' deferred to
the next regular meeting. -^ .
Wire hat frames were made first class,
.this being a slight reduction in their rat
ing. Rags in carload lots were advanced
two classes, shoe nails and iron tacks
were made first class and parafflne straw
board boxes were rated the same. as piain
etrawboard boxes.
The Question of ratings based on re
leased valuations was considered at some
length, but was finally referred to a spe
cial committee to be reported at the next
meeting of the classification committee.
Combination wood and wire fencing \»as
reduced to fourth class rating in less than
carload lots and a third class rating was
established on candles. This last ls both
a reduction and an advance, it being
deemed best to embrace the whole sub
ject under one class. '.-.¦,
DEL MONTE, May, 10.— The Western
classification committee, which has been
in session here since Wednesday morning,
concluded its labors to-day and adjourned
to meet on the second Tuesday in July
in St. Louis. The meeting on the whole
has been successful in that a large
amount of work has been accomplished,
and the members in attendance . have
greatly, enjoyed their stay here, this be
ing the first visit to the Pacific Coast
for many of them.
The main points at Issue before the
meeting came up during to-day's session.
The rule was amended to apoly on all
freight of 20,000 pounds minimum weight
or less, instead of on carloads only, as be
fore. A rule was passed providing that
shipments in wood pulp boxes should take
the same rating as crated articles and a
mixed carload rating was established on
wood pumps and tubing. In the rating on
smoking tobacco practically no change
was made, although a new rule govern
ing the methods of packing will produce
a slight change in its classification.
—
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHANGE IN RATING
ON MANY ARTICLES
The News Letter this week has added
a new society department which is In the
nature of- a sensation. Under the title of
"Mere Gossip" it will tell some stories on
the smart set which are true. The ''Look
er On" has become a valuable depart
ment of late and its up-to-date anecdotes
are being widely copied. This issue has
an especially, fine showing _ of ; topical
verse a Town Crier full of scholarly sar
casm'and a discussion by "Mr. Juggfins"
which partakes of the nature of an eye
opener Next*week's issue will be an es
pecial ' double illustrated McKinley edi
tion..-V V ; , ' *
TorDay's News Letter.
Thirty Stores in the Canadian To-rom
Are Consolidated Into
1 Eleven. -.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 10.— The Re
tail Grocers' Association of this city has
decided to undertake the amalgamation of
local shops. The first step will be the.
consolidation of thirty stores into eleven,
and it Is said this consolidation will effect
a monthly saving in expenses amounting
to $9000. Part of this saving is to be real
ized by purchasing in large quantities the
supplies for the syndicate of stores.
VANCOUVER'S BETAII*
GROCERS FORM TRUST
Chinaman, was arrested here this nfter
noon by Detective Carroll and Officer
Walker on a warrant from. San Francisco,
charging him with murder.. The prisoner
is known here as Wong Fook Chong and
bears a grood reputation. Recently at
tempts were made by Fresno highbinders
to abduct his wife on a. trumped-up
charge of grand larceny, but he frustrat
ed them with the help of his attorneys.
There is a belief here that the murder
charge has been trumped up by his en
emies to gret even, with him. . .
The Chinese under arrest at Stockton is
accused of having murdered Ching F.lng
Sook, in this city, November 10. 1891. The
warrant for his arrest was Issued on in
formation received by the local police
from Chinese. Detective T. Gibson will
leave for Stockton to-day to take Mong
Wing in charge. .'.-._
ACCUSED OF MURDER
COMMITTED YBABS AGO
TiLong Wing Arrested at Stockton for
. . Alleged Murder of Another
Chinese.
STOCKTON, May lO.-Mong Wing, a
February, 1893. and "W. Matthews, attor
ney for the estate, received a fee of J4000.
These amounts were allowed at the sug
gestion of Treadwell, who said he thought
the sums about right. The estate. Is all
invested In bonds and other Interest-pay- -.
ing properties. Treadwell is a brother to
James Treadwell, Mrs. Maud Nolan and
Mrs. James Swinnerton.
Mrs. Snobbington — "We had meant to call
long before this, really, but with the best
intentions, somehow, we always kept put
ting 'ofl the evil day.— London Tid-Bita.
HANGMAN TAKES
METHEVER'S LIFE
Dorothy McKee's Mur
derer Is Hanged, in
San QuentiiL
Faces D eath With Firmness
and Makes No Parting
Statement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, May 10.— The
last scene' in Edward V. Methever*s life
was completed to-day when his body shot
through the gallows trap in the old fur
niture • factory building.. The . execution
took place at 10:30 o'clock this morning.
The condemned man walked up the gal
lows steps with firm tread. He said noth
ing and seemed oblivious to the presence
of all save Father Robert Sesnon, his
spiritual adviser, who attended him to the
last. ' ' • , • " ¦'¦¦¦ '.'•
' Eleven minutes after the drop tha phy
sicians pronounced j life extinct.
Before the. march to the gallows began
Methever thanked all present for their
kindness to him and said that he bore no
ill will toward any one; that he toad com
mitted a grave crime and was content to
die.
The crime for which Methever suffered
the extreme penalty was committed on
July 25, 1899. On that day he cruelly mur
dered pretty, Dorothy McKee at Long
Beach. She was but 23 years old, while
Methever was in the sixties. Methever,
who was a snoemaker, went to Long
Beach In the spring- and opened a small
store in a part of the building in which
Miss McKee's mother kept a delicacy
store. The old man had paid some atten
tion to Miss McKee and she had been a
good friend, called him "father" and tend
ed his shop occasionally.
On the night before the murder Dorothy
accepted the invitation of a young man to
¦accompany him on a walk. This -action
excited the Jealousy of Methever. • The
next morning Miss McKee and a friend
from Los Angeles went for a bicycle ride,
and as they were riding along the beach
Methever rode up. ran his wheel into that
ridden by Miss McKee and shot her,' kill-
Ing her Instantly. He then placed the re
volver at his own head and fired, inflict
ing a wound from which he did not recov
er for several weeks and which caused
him to lose his right eye..
Treadwell Gets His Fortune.
SAN JOSE, May 10.— Ivan Treadwell.
the youngest of the heirs of the estate of
the late James Treadwell of San Francis
co, to-day by order of Judge Hyland of
the Probate Court came into possession
of ; $400,000. Young Treadwell became of
age on May 2 and this property was
turned over to him to-day on the accept
ance of the final account of his guardian,
E. W. Clayton. The guardian was al
lowed a fee of $20,000 for his services since
Fighting Smallpox Plague.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 10.— Quarantine
has been declared at Skaguay and Juneau
against Sltka, Killisoo j and other South
eastern Alaskan points infected with
smallpox. .At Skaguay marshals - are
watching the beaches to prevent the land
ing of Indians from the Infected districts
who come in canoes, having fled from vac
cination. More than 700 had submitted to
vaccination at Sltka, where there were
eighty cases and four deaths. There were
twenty cases at Killisoo and six deaths
had occurred.
Warring on Slot Machines.
SANTA ROSA, May 10.— City Marshal
Holmes to-dav swore out a warrant
against I. W. Bernstein and Louis Gnesa,
the former a cigar dealer and the latter
one of the proprietors of the Oberon sa
loon, charging them with maintaining slot
machines contrary to law. The law will
.be tested.
Wolves are increasing rapidly in the for
est districts of Northern Canada.
Captain J. H. Culver of the Thirty-sec
ond Infantry, XJ. S. V., who Is a member
of the Grand Army and past department
commander of Nebraska, visited the en
campment to-day and received a hearty
reception from the veterans. In response
he spoke briefly, rererrlng to his late cam
paign in the Philippines and saying that
of his entire regiment, the Thirty-second
Infantry, two-thirds were sons of veter
ans of the civil war. *
Arrangements are partially- completed
for the reception of President McKinley
by the veterans to-morrow. He will be
received in semi-open session, but in just
what manner is not yet determined. A
committee composed of Department Com
mander Mott, Department Commander
elect Stone, the other department officers
and Comrade Hubbard of the President's
old regiment was appointed to go to 'Del
Monte to-morrow 'morning and present
greetings from the veterans. The com-,
mittee that will escort him over in the
afternoon is not yet appointed.
The Women's Relief Corps finished its
labors this afternoon and adjourned after
installing these newly elected officers:
President, Mrs. L/. M. Winans, Petaluma;
senior vice president, Mrs. H. Augusta
Tozer,- Sacramento; junior vice president,
Mrs. M. A. Young, Grass Valley; treas
urer, Rose. Kahn, Petaluma; chaplain,
Mrs. S. Keller, Los Angeles.
A special vote of thanks to The Call for
sending its paper gratuitously to the
Women's Relief Corps Home at Evergreen
was unanimously adopted this afternoon.
D. Mott,
PACIFIC GROVE , May 10.— The Grand
Army encampment to-day elected its new
officers, decided all mooted questions be
fore It. and "cleared decks" for the recep
tion to • President McKinley to-morrow.
The meeting place for next year has- not
been decided yet, but there is now no
doubt that Harford ¦will be selected.
' The encampment convened at 11 o'clock
and the officers' reports were presented by
the committees to which they had been
referred yesterday and adopted with one
exception. The assistant quartermaster
general's recommendation ;• that the per
capita tax per' annum on members're
main 15 cents was amended and the tax
reduced to 15% cents. -
The election of officers followed and oc
cupied all the morning: and most of the
afternoon session. Colonel George Stone
of George H. Thomas Post No. 2 of San
Francisco received the unanimous vote of
the body for the office of department
commander. Charles T. Rice of River
side was elected, also unanimously, to the
office of senior vice commander. • .'•--.
. There was a contest over the office of
Junior vice commander, the leading candi
dates being J.fR. Patrick of Pacific Grove
and Allan Cooley of Marysville. Patrick
received 118 votes and was elected. Dr.
L. L. Dorr of Lincoln Post, San Francis
co, was unanimously elected department
medical director, and Rev. W. W. Balr of
Reno, Nev., was elected department chap
lain, being nominated. by the present chap
lain. Dr. Drahms. - .
The following were after some discussion
elected as department council of admin
istration: H. W. Wilson, H.- S. Leayitt, J.
H. Hilton and S. W. Carpenter of San
Francisco and S. E. Wilson of Vallejo.
A pleasant feature of the afternoon ses
sion was the. presentation of an elegant
jeweled past department commander's
badge to the retiring commander, George
Bi>eclal Dispatch to The Call.
¦. " / — : — . ¦ .
Will To-Day Entertain Presi
dent McKinley at Their -
Encampment.
Commander.
Elect the San- Francis
can Departmental
VETERANS HONOR
COLONEL STONE
THE SAN FRAOS CISCO CAI/L, SATURDAY, MAY ill, 1901;
7
> AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SOiDAY.
....LAST TWO NIGHTS....
Of the Merriest Show In Town.
CONQUERORS.
SEATS NOW READY FOR
- — NEXT WEEK
FRIENDS.
j ¦ — ; ~ '
1 MATINEE TO-DAY (SAT.). May 11.
'Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony. 10c; children,
10c, any part except reserved.
ANOTHER GREAT BILL!
THE FOUR HUNTINGS. ZEB AND ZARROW.
PATTERSON BROTHERS.
INGHAM, BARNES AND SISSON". ALF
GRANT. THE BIOGRAPH.
And Two of the World's Most Popular At-
. . . tractions,
THB AGOUST FAMILY and
McINTYRE AND HEATH.
#% 4% I 9 I Bffl D I A SAIf FRANCISCO'S
UULUIwl^lM LEADING THEATRE
I MAT.NEE | T '
t TO-PAY1 I MONDAY and
ALL NEXT WEEK.
JAS. A. HERNE'S Great Play,
SAG
HARBOR
A STORY OF HEART AND HOME!
' May 20— HENRY MILLER. • "• ;-. .
¦ MATINEE ¦ TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT.
MR. JAMBS NEILL
. •¦ AND THE NEILL COMPANY,
Presentins *
"THE LOTTERY OF LOVE"
¦-"-iPFCIAI Bargain Matinee Eiery Thursdiy
1 L¥ PRICES...'..... ....25c and 50c
EVENINGS... .V 25c. 35c. 50c. 75c. J1.0O
SATURDAY MATINEE 25c. 50c. 75c
\ To-morrow night, to greet the nation's Presi-
1 dent, ¦ ' •¦•
"BARBARA PB/ETCH/E."
SEATS NOW 'READY.
BEEASCOAmoTHAlCS^pfflm.
" m - "^ tmsmctTtHAu
' MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
I (SUNDAY).
TO-NIGHT tni Eucday Evgs— LAST TIMES
TheOGTOROON
Plantation Scenes and Melodies. Buck and Wing
Dancinc, Clever Specialties, Etc. .
DDirC^. EVENINGS..... -10c. 15c, 23c. 33c, 50c
iHlvCj MATINEES.... 10c: 13c. 25c
Next Week— The champion feather-weight,
TERRY McCOVERN
. In ' his grreat success,
I "THE BOWERY AFTER DARK."
''¦ A ¦ sensational melodrama. Secure seats.
RACING I i R A CING ! RACING !
SPRING MEETING— Opening April 29.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUiS.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
-Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more rates each day. ,
' Races start at 2 : 15 p. m. sharp.
. • Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. rn.. connecting
with 'trains stopping at the entrance; to th«
track. '• Last two cars " on train > reserved, for
ladies and their escort") ; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. '¦ : All trains via
Oakland mole connect- with San Pablo avenua
electric cars | at Seventh and - Broadway,' Oak-
land. Also all trains viaAlameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars^at Fourteenth
and Broadway, : Oakland. These . electric cars
go direct , to - the ~ track in fifteen minutes.
• 'Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:13 and
4 : 45 p. m. and ¦ Immediately after. the last race.
- '•> THOMiS H. WILLIAMS JR..-, Prwtdent.
B..B. MILROY.V Secretary. .
AMUSEMENTS.
FIFTH ANNUAL
Bench Show
DOGS.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
May 8, 9, 10, II.
COMPETITION OF THE GREATEST PRIZ3
WINNERS OF THE EAST ANT> WEST.
ALL THE NEW YORK CHAMPIONS! .
PERFORMANCES BY TRAINED DOGS. {
OPEN FROM 10 A. M. to 10 T. XL
ADMISSION, 50c; CHILDREN, HALF PRICE.
SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CLUB/
J. P. NORMAN. 9uent*TT.-~~
*TfiVOLl*
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at I. .
ONLY THREE MORE TIMES.
•YOUR LAST CHANCE TO SEE THE .
"HOOT iWON."
"TBE TOYMAKEr Monday, May I3th.
First Time In This City.
POPTJLAR PRICES 2Sc and 509
. Telephone— Bush 9.
GRAND 1 OPEP3LA. HOUSE
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
SON OF
NAPOLEON.
WEEK OF MONDAT. May 13.
FLORENCE STONE and JACK WEBSTER.
Supported by Our New /Stock Company la
. Daniel L. Hart's Great Drama.
"GOVERNMENT ACCEPTANCE."
One of Stuart Robson's Greatest Successes.
PRICES— 10c. 13c. 25c. 50c. A few seats. 75c
A Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra Saturday
and Sunday Matinees 25 Cents.
Branch Ticket Offlce, Emporium.
ALHAMBRA
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
ONE WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES TO-MORROW and SATURDAY.
M COLUMBIA XT
INSTREL COMPAN I
A f\ Black-Fa.ce Artists— Sin g- A 'fi
fill ers, Dancers. Comedian-, %||
UU Vaudeville Performers. UU
LARGEST ORGANIZATION IX EXIST-**"*'
ENCE.
PRICES. 10c^ - 25c . and 50c. Seats now on
sale at the Theater and Emporium. Phona
Howard 1974. . :
LAST APPEARANCE OF
ERNEST SETOMHOMPSON
METROPOLITAN HALL,
TO-DAY, p,v
SATURDAY MORNING. May 11. at 11 o'clock.
'•SCENES FROM ANIMAL LAND."
Illustrated with stereoptlcon views.
ALL THE CHILDREN OF SANFEANCIS-
CO and their friends are invited to see, their
favorites— Lobo. the King Wolf: Mollie Cot-
tontail. Old Grumpy. Little Johnny Bear, the
Pacing Mustang, etc.. etc.
Adults, 60c; Children, 23c. No reserved seats, r
BASEBALL.
OAKLAND vs. SAN FRANCISCO. ;j
TO-DAY AT 3:15 P. M.
SUNDAY AT ,2:30 P. M.
RECREA TiON PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets. '.
SUTRO BATHS
WILL OPEN NIGHTS
. „ ON AND AFTER
SATURDAY, MAY 11,. 1901.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
White
Gottolene
is better .than the best hog, lard
because it is made • from : pure
vegetable oil and beef suet, and
will not injure the most delicate
stomacru
¦ » ¦ •• ¦
Physicians recommend it for
this"reason alone:
But what we want you to re-
member particularly is that
White
Gottolene
makes the most nourishing, roost
satisfying and most delicious of
cakes, muffins, crusts and table
dainties: Won't you have a pail
BThe N.K.Fifrbank Company,
\ Chlco«o~Sole Manufacturer*.
PDFP! Our dainty bookl«t,
<} rnCC< «x Publlo Secret, '*
mailed free to any address. .
For two 2c stamps I we will
• send free our 125-page rectp*
. book, "Home Helps," edited
by Mr«. Rorer.
P. S.— So Hog Fat In COTTOLENS
' '_ ¦ - - t -'~ • . - _ _ : _ .
-PALACE HOTELS
Visitors to San Francisco who nudco
their headquarters at these hotels <)n-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. ' Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequ&led
cuisine. American and European plans.-
-GRAND HOTELS
AMUSEMENTS.
Mutes and zoo
/ EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
SPECIAL^O-NIGHTI
.CAKEWALK
..AND..
Gans-McSovern Fight Pictures.
; , .. COMMENCING TO-MORROW. .
...JOSEPHINE CASSMAN...
. AND HER THREE PICKANINNIES.
:.•;.."•;¦.->..¦:• :.?;? ¦.-. / -' ..'.also..- ¦:¦¦ • ¦ ¦•>: -:. :; . ¦ i
FORREST SEABURY,
THE FAMOUS HIGH DIVER.
• : Telephone ; for . seats, .' Park 23. • .'.¦¦:
iJTQrHP'R'^ CONCERT HOUSE;
JblDl/n£n O Admission 10c.
¦ Belle ' 'Wilton/' Evans,' Devees ' and Evans,
Satnella, '¦¦ Murdock ; and - DeCamp. ' G. S. .Wan-
rell, >Maybelle Bowman and the Golden 'West
! Trlo. :¦¦' : ,,'¦ ..¦-.'.'¦"'¦ , ¦ -.'.'-V.
.Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A WHITE PATH.
HKgsnHERE is only one kind of Cleanliness, but
there are many kinds of soap. There is
ljyg$ only one destination, but there are many
i&Si&frl paths that lead to it. If you want the short-
cst and safest road to Qcanliness, it is paved with
Ivory Soap. Neither man nor clothes ever get
beyond the cleansing power of Ivory Soap. Its rich,
creamy lather extracts every particle of dirt;. but .
it stops at the dirt ! Ivory Soap — it .floats.
COTKMMT !»•» •* TtU «Oen« A SMitLS M. CmCM*AT1
MISCELLANEOUS. ' .
Nine Most Elegantly Furnished Flats for
rent and the Furnishings for Sale on Park
Panhandle==tllis=street car line.
f — "\ /^ —^\ - r /P 1
Out on Cole street, comer of Oak street,' opposite the Park Panhandle, is a building — just
finished—which contains 9 flats, not apartments, but distinctly separate flats; each flat has its own
entrance. These flats are for rent, and the Furniture, Carpets and Curtains are for sale — each flat
as a whole. These flats are open for your inspection Friday, Saturday and Sunday from 8 till 12
a. m. and from 1 till 5 p. m., also Friday and Saturday evenings from 7 till 10 o'clock.
It is'not a matter of guesswork when we affirm that we are offering each of these flats for
from $5 to $10 less rental per month than any similar flats could be rented for at the present time,
for it stands to reason that any owner will gladly accept a low offer when he can lease his whole
building to us for a whole year — and the benefit is yours. .
To sell as low as we are offering . the furnishings of the above illustrated flats, there must ,
be large selling and large manufacturing in order to get all the advantages.
Gushing in print would be absurd when simple facts are all we need to make the deepest im*
pressions.
Each separate flat has been furnished with due regard for price, and we have so considered
the popular demand that notwithstanding the extreme beauty andjntrinsic value of the furnish-
ings, not a single article is above the ordinary in price.
It will be impossible in print to touch upon some of the most interesting features of the dif-
ferent styles and coloring in the Furniture, Carpets or Draperies, so complete, so novel and so be-
wilderingly beautiful, and we simply say it must be seen to be appreciated. .
" Of course, ladies, you are all welcome to look, with no thought of buying unless you find
it to vour interest and advantage to do so.
PATTOSIEN CO., Cor. 16th and Mission.
Below we give description, rental and cost of furnishings of the separate flats — CUT IT
OUT FOR REFERENCE when visiting the flats.
Vo 1901 Oak st is a cosy five-room flat No. 1907 Oak st. is the upper flat, facing No. 405 Cole St., corner upper flat of six
End one of the most elegant and tastefully Golden Gate Park. It has seven rooms ™™i™£ r l™£ 1 ff r tf£l£ oo &>' i : "£ lat-
furnished flats among the lot; it rents for on the main floor and three large, ele- |« JP^iSS™^ Ifc ™ nis for
S22.5C Furnishings complete $510. gantly finished rooms in the attic; the No 407 Cole st ls tne j ower flat of sIx
... iqm nak gt _ ls a jaree commodious latter rooms Me not furnished. It rents rooms. It rents for $30. Cost of furnish-
No. 1909 Oak st. ls a large commomous fQr The furnlshlngs comp i e te $1080. ings $73S. • . ¦
flat of seven rooms, facing the park. It q m CoJe gt lg thg ml(Jdle comer flat No . mCole st . ls a middle flat of six
rents for $34. Cost of furnishings $S6o. of gIx rooms and certalnly the most de _ rooms "rents for $37.50. Cost of fur-
No. 1911 Oak st. is the lower flat of sirable one. Dining room and parlor fac- No 411 GolV st h tho' tmn W fl.t «f .w
seven rooms, facing Golden Gate Park. in& Golden Gate Park and three bed- rooms with two" large attic rooms. Tho
It rents for $23. Cost of furnishings com- rooms facing Cole st. It rents for $40. latter two are not furnished. It rents for
plete $743. Cost of furnishings $106L $38. Cost of furnishings $824.
FREE RENT UNTIL THE FIRST OF JUNE.HONOLULU/ May 4.— The Home Rulers
baveeent Representative John Emmeluth
of .the local Legislature to San -Francisco
to meet "President McKinley and urge
upon. the chief executive the removal of
Governor Dole. Emmeluth sails on the
steamer Mariposa. - " •
Governor Dole has 'commissioned W. J.
Irwln as his representative at the Pan-
Choice' of Home Rulers . Who Will
Urge Governor's Removal.
Governor Dolej acted within his authority
in refusing an j extension. In view of the
feeling which tjiis and many preceding- in
cidents have paused, they, are not sur
prised at the r< tported purpose of the Sen
ate and House to adopt a memorial ask
ing for Goven or Dole's removal. If this
memorial' is received by the President it
will probably 'be returned to Governor
Dole with a request for. a statement, but
it is not antii ipated that It will lead to
his removal.
PABKEB A/S DOLE'S SUCCESSOR.
Refusal of Chief Executive of Hawaii to Grant the Lawmakers an
Extra Session Is the Cause of Sensational . .Developments*
GOVERNOR DOLE CHARGES BRIBERY
LEGISLATURE DEMANDS HIS REMOVAL
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OP NEW TERRITORY, OF HAWAII, WHO HAS , INCURRED THE DISPLEASURE OF - THE
LEGISLATURE BY MAKING A CHARGE OF BRIBERY AND REFUSING TO GRANT EXTRA SESSION, AND
THE DELEGATE TO CONGRESS WHO IS INTERESTED IN THE CONTROVERSY.
As a matter of fact, there seems to be
no reason for doubting that both inter
ests have control so far as stock in their
possession plus contracts for delivery are
concerned, but which interest will event
ually be able to vote a control in the form
of actual certificates remains to be seen,
and will, it Is to-night believed, not be
definitely known until the annual meeting
in the fall. • .-
J. J. Hill, on the other hand, however,
was cuite as decisive in reiterating his
previous statements that "the control has
not chanced."
It is noticeable that discussion to-night
centers upon the . Question of control of
the Northern Pacific. So far as actual
control is concerned, the impression is
gaining ground that it will be the party
with the most money that will acquire it.
Many of the daily papers and some of the
financial papers to-day expressed the be
lief that control of the Northern Pacific
was still vested in the Morgan-Hill party.
On the other hand, one of the leading pa
pers of the city and some of the financial
organs of the street still express the opin
ion that the Harriman party is in control.
One thing seems settled to-night.- and that
is that Kuhn. Loeb & Co. do not yet ad
mit defeat. Late to-day Otto H. Kuhn of
,thc firm did not hesitate to eay, "We be
lieve we have control."
NEW YORK, May 10.— The very, fact
that there will be no trading until next
Monday morning, it is • said, gives the
leaders in the stock market, men like Hill,
Harriman, Vanderbilt, Morgan, Rocke
feller and Stillman, time to compare notes
and exchange views.
Blair & Co., who represent a large
number of Burlington stockholders, have
assured their clients that the deal will go
through. Similar statements from other
investment houses have also been made.
QUESTION OF N. P. CONTROL.
James .J. Hill, president of the Great
Northern, also asserts that there is no
danger that the deal will fall through
unless the stockholders of the Burlington
object. ¦' . '
"According to the terms of the offer,"
said Hill, "the deal becomes binding the
moment two-thirds of the : Burlington
stock is deposited. Wall street seems to
have lost sight of the statement fo prom
inently brought out in Hunnewell's circu
lar that the deal depends wholly upon
the acceptance of the offer by the Eur
llngton's stockholders. The transaction
does not have to be ratified by the stock
holders of the Northern Pacific or the
Great Northern. The directors of those
roads have made the offer, which becomes
binding at the option of the Burlington
road."
When the news first came out that the
fight was on for control of the Northern
Pacific and the positive statement made
that Kuhn, Loeb & Co. had acquired con
trol of the road, Burlington stock, which
was well maintained at 199, showed signs
of weakness. This was. due to the gen
eral belief that the new element supposed
to be in control of the Northern Pacific
would not ratify the purchase jf the Bur
lington at the price officially offered to
stockholders of the latter road. In Thurs
day's panic the stock suffered severely and
the low price of $178 a share was made. At
the close of business to-day Burlington
recovered to $191 a share.
In speaking of the matter to-day Otto
H. Kuhn of Kuhn. Loeb & Co. said: -
"In my opinion the Chicago, Burlington
and Quincy purchase will go through with
out any doubt. Further, I believe share
holders of the Burlington road will receive
for their stock the price alreadv an
nounced regardless of whatever may de
velop as to the control of the Northern
Pacific."
NEW TORK, May 10.— Very positive as
surances were given to-day by the finan
cial syndicates claiming: control of the
Northern Pacific Railroad that' there was
no cause for alarm regarding the outcome
of the Burlington "deal" and both author
ize the statement that there Is absolutely
no foundation for reports that in case the
Northern Pacific control changes hands
the Burlington merger will be abandoned.
BTntlLDJ-GTOIir DEAIi STANDS.
Yesterday's tremendous business on
the Stock Exchange was reflected in to
day's exchange of bank checks, which
nirsregated 5SSK.n37.43O. and which broke
ihe record of $362,817,200 made on Tuesday
last. The balances were $23^73,116, the
second largest on record, and comparing
TR-ith the record of $24,170,338 on March 5.
Tho commission houses generally were
averse to accepting much new business to
day. About one-third of the commission
houses would only take buying orders
from customers who could pay for, them
in full, and others required such excessive
margins as to restrict trading- greatly.
The heaviest buyers came from the syn
dicates that have been active In arranging
dc-als for the absorption of other proper
ties. These interests seemed to regard
the developments yesterday- as the most
favorable thing- that co-uld have happened
for the carrying out of their plans and
accumulation of stocks by them was re
sumed on a large scale during the day.
This buying was so large that the supply
of stocks was continuously exhausted and
many orders at fairlv high limits could
not be filled.
It is a. remarkable fact that the unpre
cedented violence of Thursday's upset
should have resulted in not a single fail
ure on the Stock Exchange.
measures will want to be gauged before
adequate judgment can be passed upon
the outlook.
Some of the more notable of the day's
advances were: Union Pacific, 23 points;
St. Paul and Lackawanna. 17^2 each. Con
solidated Gas 36. Burlington and Amalga
mated Copper 12*4. International Power
in*. Baltimore and Ohio 11. St. Louis and
Southwestern preferred J0*4, Sugar. Dela
ware and Hudson, and General Electric
This represents a rapid rate of recovery
frcn the extreme low prices of Thursday.
¦wi-?ch had already been largely recove'-*>d
in the violent rebound of the late trad
ing on the exchange. There was an obvi
nria disposition to hall this as a revival
of t"he boom on the part of some mci<.>
ranjruine -©f the speculative, bull element.
But after the week's experience of the se
vere penalties of overspeculation a renew
al of the same was strongly deprecated.
Thai the wounds caused by such a col
lapre as that of Thursday are nor to be
hf a'fd In a day is patent. Tin condition
of the banks after yesterday's emergency
V More Notable Advances.
The bargain hunters were also on hand
In Wall street to-day, although their op
erations fell away as the recovery in
prices progressed. During the morning,
however, a large number of transactions
were recorded for cash, both In stocks and
bonds, which is the manner in which the
bargain hunter usually pays for his pur
chases. There Is a belief in the street that
yesterday's panic was made unnecessarily
violent by the excitement of some of the
newer members of the Stock Exchange,
many of whom are very young men. It is
supposed that some of these made undue
sacrifices in the chaotic conditions on
Thursday. There was some buying back
of stocks from these sources and also
by those who got out in time early in the
wees and wanted to get back. To-mor
row'a-impending holiday, it was felt. In
cured a. period for calm reflection, which
must tend to clear the situation still fur
ther. There was also seme -manipulation
at prices for the relief of those whose
borrowing had been largely impaired by
The shrinkage in collateral values. Some
fif this manipulation was also with the
view, of the benefit of the London market,
where there is a periodical settlement- on
Monday, which is much dreaded by the
English operators In America, owing to
the heavy declines since the last settle
ment, which will have to be made good.
Bargaiu-Hunters on Hand.
With the threatening: conditions re
moved, a rebound in prices was natural
and In evidence. The extent to which it
ran was. however, a surprise and was at
tributed to various causes. There is no
«loubt that among those who were heavy
losers !n yesterday's slump were many or
ample resources, who viewed the situation
with a eporting instinct and a determina
tion to recoup losses by following the
n»arfcet. It was the popular belief that
some of the Western potentates who were
admittedly forced to "walk sideways"
during a portion of yesterday's events
were again in the market this afternoon
in «. bold attempt to retrieve their losses.
The obvious leadership of the movement
of Union Pacific and the Southwestern
group gave gTound for the conjecture that
it was based on benefits expected to ac
crue to Union Pacific from a control of
Northern Pacific, a control which . was
etill stoutly claimed to-day, but as em
phatically denied by the Hill-Morgan par
ties. It was remarkable that the break
ing of the corner in Northern Pacific by
the settlement with the shorts at $150
brought almost no stock upon the mar
ket. But it is evident that the contest
ing parties in Northern Pacific are not
yet prepared to let go of a single availa
ble share of the stock. The settlement
with the shorts progresped to-day at the
efflces both of Kuhn. Loeb & Co. and J. P.
Morgan & Co., and it is probable that
only the completion of the settlement will
reveal how much of the purchases of
stock made by the two parties within the
last week can be delivered.
Rebound in the Prices.
NEW YORK. May. lO.-TVall street!
emersea from its sloom this morning, an-1
with growing confidence in the day mani
fested -something like buoyant elation.
Prices of stock v.er.t up with a rush at
the last, closing at about the top. and with
the net Josses left aftxr jesterday's ses-
Elon pretty largely reexn-ered. There were ;
tome clouds remaining on the situation
VrAs morning and seme natural trepida
tion lest the violent collapse of yesterday
had caused some casualties which would
jiot be disclosed until the clearing-house
sheets of the Stock Exchange had been
ir.adc up. Early In the day the oflicial
announcement was jrs-ade that the sheets
«f all the members of ihe exchange had
been cleared perfectly and that all the
checks had been honored; This relieved
the last" feeling: of apprehension, and the i
feverish and earnest signs which were •
manifest in the stock market during: thef;
first hour disappeared. Tilings quieted
down into a steady condition of business
Euch as has not been witnessed in Wall"
street for many weeks. •]
Tbe measures taken over night to clear j
the situation left little to hear. The ]
agreement to allow the shorts in I\ortn- j
ein Pacinc to settle at $150 really went to
the root of the crisis and wiped out the j
impelling «ause of yesterday's panic. The ;
announcement by the banks that >*?t"- i
day's loans which had been provided by ;
apreenacnt arnojigr the leading: institutions ,
of the street would not be cailed to-day j
kept the situation freo from additional j
tension. . * i
» .. ¦
Compromise With the "Shorts'* Restores Confi
dence, Prices of Stock Go Up With a Rush
and the Burlington Deal Remains Intact.
WALL STREET WEATHERS
THE FINANCIAL PANIC
MOUNTED POLICE CHARGE
RIOTERS IN DETROIT
horter came with his wagon and found
the campus jammed with people. The
police refused to allow him to locate at
any particular point and he drove from
one spot to another, the crowd following.
The mob frequently blocked traffic ana
the police attempted to disperse them. It
was but a moment-before stones began
to fly through the air, and a general mix
up followed, in which the foot police used
their clubs and the mounted men charged.
The policemen fired their pistols In the air
and the- mob returned the fusillade wltix
bricks and cobblestones. At one time,
when the mob had gathered about the
Central police station at Fort and Ran
dolph streets, bricks were thrown through
the windows. • -
In a charge made by the mounted police
at this point Michael Waldin was knocked
dov/n and three horses trampled over him.
cutting his head so badly that he was
taken to the emergency hospital. Police
man George Moore was struck with a
stone in this charge arid his cheek laid
open. The other policemen were not
At one stage cf the riot a section of hose
was secured by order of the police direc
tor and the stream turned on the crowd,
but the hose was cut and the man who
wielded the nozzle was driven into a sa
loon and pounded on the head with an
Iron cuspidor. _'
Mayor Maybury was downtown -watch
ing the crowd and at one time made a
speech to the people from the postofflce
steps, cautioning them to do no violence,
but stated that he was not in sympathy
with the order of Police Director Andrews
denying free speech en the public streets.
At 11 o'clock to-night the mob had grad
ually dwindled to a mere handful and the
city was Quiet. \ ¦*
Twelve Citizens and Five Officers . Are Injured
During a Period of Tumult and Terror on
the Streets of the -City in the Night.
DETROIT. May lC— Ten thousand men
and boys ran riot in the main streets- of
this city for more than three hours to
night and a continual running tight with
police, both mounted and on foot, caused
ereat excitement In the heart of the city.
The net result as far as known is twelve
citizens and' five policemen injured. . The
names of but two citizens are known at
present. They are Michael Waldin and.
Louis «£aplin. Both had their heads
bruised^ by being trampled on by horses
ridden by, the mounted police In a charg^
on the crowd.
The officers injured are: James Tuomsy,
scalp cut by brick; Henry Scott, hit on
head with cobblestone; Thomas Murphy,
cheek cut open with brick ; George Moore,
badly cut about head by brick, taken
home In ambulance; Barney Roonan,
struck with a brick.
The beginning of the riot was last
night, when " Director of Police Andrews,
who recently superseded the old police
board through the passage of the Ripper
bill by the Legislature, issued an order
to the police to allow no one to stand
about -the wagon of. Tom Bawden, a local
single-tax exhorter, who had incurred the
ill-will of the police director by the ex
traordinary nature of his remarks on so
called wealthy - "tax-dodgers."
When Bawden began his exhortation a
crowd quickly gathered. Director An
drews supervised the work of the police
in keeping the people moving. The crowd
good naturedly hooted at the police, and
no violence was done. 'v i
To-night, .however, the temper of the
crowd changed when It was announced
that Director Andrews had called on re-:
serve officers to assist in - keeping the
Campus Martius clear. The single-tax ex-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLJ SATURDAY, MAY 11, 1901;
ELBERFELD,' Prussia,', May .10.'— Sen- '
tence was pronounced to-day on the'floc-!
tors ¦ ; and "others charged with . assisting;
young - men to I evade '^military- ;• serviced
Baunrann,. who furnished'the. pills pfoduc-;
Ing artificial jaundice," -was. sentenced;; to'
seven years' . imprisonment,' ; besides > five^
year s' •• deprivation ' of ¦ civil •; ¦< rigrhts. ; r Fraa
DrecKoff ; was - sentenced : to two years' im- 1
prlsQnment and i hree years' deprivation
of civil rights.* , ¦>, -/f; --. '. " -, ...
V Several others ' were ; . sentenced* to
' shorter terms r of Imprisonment ? and • three
years' deprivation pf civil -rights. Eight
were • acquitted. . ¦. » • •
¦- ¦ - - C : : ¦¦ '
DOCTORS . IN PRUSSIA . !^}
i ARE SENT TO PRISON
• iMONTEViPEd,'. Uruguay, May 10.--A
sensation , has i' been, caused ..here- by < the
• arrest:of JiIiguel ! 'Herrera yObusV brother
of.- the -; former v President^" of -^Uruguay.
Colonel'- Manuel^Roderiguez ,and Colonel
CMriaco Burgis -\ have 'also been arrested.
There are : accusations" against other
prominent men. in connection with , a con
spiracy against -the. Government. ¦'.. -.' '.¦"-:.
' .Juan .Johnston ; who has been. taken into
custody, • has ' declared that ! the conspiracy
has many. followers in the army. He al?o
.confessed thatUhe 1 arms seized. bv the do
.llce; were_'taken l ,fram.,thevarsenal. The
political J< situation U; i» c ? "very complicated.
Uneasiness ; prevails ¦ throughout the coun
..try...;-.:^^,U,v;-^ . . ,-_"
ALLEGED CONSPIRATORS ; 'fi [_['.
]\ ; f ARBESTED IN • XTRUaUAY'
CALL BUREAU. <1406'G STREET, N.
W./ WASHINGTON, May, 10.-Subordl
nate. officials in Washingrton who are ac
quainted with the ; President's .views re
garding; the legislative, situation In Ha
waii'do" not believe -the President would
be Inclined to .take notice of the proposed
memorial ¦ from \the^ Hawaiian Legislature
urging Governor Dole's removal, certainly
not without^ a full explanation from the
chief, executive of the Territory/ . . .:
"Tho fact ¦'that .friction exists between
Governor Dole , and ; the Lesrlslature Jia8
been - known - for. months, J but I the Presi
dent, believing the Hawalians should work
out .their own salvation, took.no steps to
interfere with the Legislature. The latter
part of April, he requested ;. the Governor
to extend I Its I session, ' stating ;: that S there
were'v^any t important v f measures, upon
which' action should be'taken... In' a r mes
sage referring ;to the request the Gover
nor? stated .that: the ¦ session had • been ;a
waste. of t time an,d money.andhe had no
confidence that an- extension ".would result
favorably \ for the' islands. ' Officials wno
discussed, jthe ..matter -. to-night, said ; that
President, However,' Will Ask for. an
« '*!'.." Official '.Explanation. '*: .
WILL NOT REMOVE DOLE.
American Exposition in Buffalo. Irwln, it
is alleged, will urge upon the President
the appointment of Sam Parker, should
Governor Dole be removed from that of
fice. Delegate to Congress Wtfcox and
Parker will probably accompany Emme
luth. ¦ . .,
Governor Role created . a ' sensation" in
both houses by informing- 'a- committee
sent to him to.cskfor an extra' session
that one of his reasons for not granting
an 'extra ' session" was that he had : been
reliably informed that bribery was taking
place. Both; houses passed a resolution
demanding ..proof. In reply . the Governor
stated that general charges of bribery
had been made in the: local papers and
on the floor of the Senate.- but had not
been Investigated, in spite of the appoint
ment of • committees to look -into, them,
and, that the matter was being, investi
gated by .the Government with a view to
punishment iof the offenders if- evidence
against them could be obtained.
A .t>4^%.T..r,VT..t..T..T..t..T~T..T~T~T..T~%.T~T..V.T..T~T~?
Makes Charge of Bribery.
YI- tjONOLULU, May 4.— The 'first
i 1 1 Territorial Legislature of Ha-
I I waii came to an end on tr.e
Jl JJL evening of April 30. according to.
; _. Governor Dole,; and' oh the next'
night, according to the majority in "both'
House and Senate. The Legislature««nd€d
its existence at loggerheads with the Gov
ernor r.ll along the line and without hav
ing passed a' single brie of- the important
measures to which the Home Rulers were
committed, except the county government
act, which the Governor has killed by- a
pocket veto.
The last act of theHouse on the even
ing of the 30th was to pass a concurrent
resolution containing a memorial to Pres-.
ident McKinley asking for the removal of
Governor Dole.. It was introduced by
Representative Beckley, one of the native
Home Rulers, and contains along indict
ment of the executive. Dole is- charged:
with having hindered the work of the ses-,
sion by his hostility toward the Legisla
ture, , withholding -information and reports
that were called for and refusing to co
operate with the lawmakers. The resolu
tion sets forth that the Legislature came
together at a time when many very im-
portant problems, -.resulting from the
change of '.government, confronted ' the
members and that though It was the .first
Legislature Hawalians . had had a cnance'
to elect for many", years Dole refused to
grant them any extension of time for pas
sage of necessary laws. . - . - - -,
i Ask. for Dole's Removal. \ j
The President Is asked in the resolution
to use his influence in behalf of an extra
session of the Legislature, which Dole re
fuses to. grant. The Hawalians claim that
they have not had time in which to work
out the plans of. lawmak*ig they had
formed in the thirty days of the regular
session. In conclusion the Home Rulers
ask that Dole be removed, if the President
sees no other way to bring about an ex
tra session of fhe Territorial Legislature,
declaring that-the Governor has acted In
such a manner' as to lose the confidence
of a majority ..of the people 'Of the Ter
ritory and charging that he has not dealt
fairly with the Home Rule Legislature. ¦
The concurrent resolution - passed both
houses by large majorities,, all the native
Home Rule members voting for it. It did
not pet to the Senate until Jhe day after
the end of the session, as calculated . by
the Governor, but- on that day the 'native
party in the Senate passed it.* - :¦-
A review of the work of the Legislature
shows -that -the most Important' laws
enacted were an income tax law; assessing
2 per cent on all incomes above $1000, and
an act providing for a -court to : hear
claims for. damages- resulting from the
Chinatown fire 'and appropriating a\mil
lion and. a half-dollars to pay the claims
i«.at may be allowed.- The loan bill failed
to get through, many Home Rulers refus
ing -to work for -it: after they were In
formed that Governor Dole would not
grant an extra, session except for appro
priations. The failure of the bill will tie
up public « improvements ¦¦',. for . two years
.unless there is an extra session. • .
Circuit Judge Humphreys j la . about, to
call a .special Grand Jury to investigate
the charges of bribery. in. the Legislature.
. Delegate to Congress R. 1 ¦ W. ' Wilcox
leaves next week for Washington and in
tends to present -to the President at_the
earliest opportunity, .it- is .stated, the
Home Rule view, of the situation, to»
gether with the request , for • the ¦ removal
of .Governor Dole. Wilcox, however, de
nies that he is working against Dole. -
A number of Governor Dole's appointees
were rejected by the' Senate. They are. J.
A. McCandless, Superintendent of Public
Works; Treasurer T. F. I^ansing and Land
Commissioner* J. F. Brow*. The members
ot r the Board of Health.f reappointed
Dole, were all rejected except. Dr.- C. B.
Cooper.; New nominations have" not yet
been made. > - ¦ •---.• •, - -t A
Wilcbx to Interview President.
Both House and Senate met on May 1,
as their count of days, excluding adjourn
ments, differed with that of the Governor
as to the date of the end of the session.
A- joint session wag' held and four Home
Rule- Senators -were named, as • provided
by the organic act, - to hold • four-year
terms.. The Governor issued a proclama
tion calling- ."an 'extra session for' appro
priation bills onlyy to commence on May 8.
8
• OCEAN TEAVEL.
PacifiG^CoasLSteamship Co.
GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will Sail
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the Company's New
and Splendid Steamship
SENATOR
>v For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th.
The Senator made five trips to Nome la*t
year, being one of the first to arrive there,
landing: all her passengers and freight without
loss, mishap or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE.
4 New Montgomery street.
GOODALL. PERKINS Jk CO.. Gen. Aftt»..
¦ ' ~ ¦¦,¦ '-..¦¦•.•*-- ' 10 Market street.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
FOR
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
And All Points on Yukon River.
. Sailing Dates Subject to Change.
Prom San Francisco. From Seattle.
May 25 S. S. "PORTLAND
June 1 S. S. "ST. PAUL'.' June S
May 25 »S. S. "CONEMAUGH" ...June 10
•"CONEMAUQH" carries freight and live
stock. No passengers.
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANT.
¦ 310 Sansome st.. San Francisco.
I Passenger and Freight Str. I
"JOHN S. KIMBALL."
TBLLEB.G0L0rNIN BAT.PORT CLABESCS !
SAILS~ MAT 25th.
CONKLIN- & CO.. 657 Market St. |
APAanf j> C C P& H . UVA!It MM0 *' KFi1
«ccanics.s.co.^,-?;»;B
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
..Saturday. May 13. 19 a. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia
Thursday. May 30, 10 a. m. '
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
Sunday, Juns 30, at 4 p. m. ,
1 0. SPRECKRS & BBSS. CO., Etnsrsl Agsnis, 327 Karksi St
gai'l Passengar 0f5ea, 643 Hartet St., f jar Ha. I Pacifo St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA 8UD AMERICANA RE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
Street Wharf. 12 m. •
GUATEMALA .Mayl6ILOA June 13
PALENA May30lTUCAPEL June 27
These steamers are built expressly fcr Central
and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger offlce. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agenta.
COMPAGNIE GSHERALE T3AN3ATLAHTIQTJS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAR13. »^»»_
Sailing every Thursday, instead of ifSny^T^S
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 13, -^asaes
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre, $55 and upward. Second class to
Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York; J. F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agsnts. S Mont-
rotnery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold by
a-tl Railroad Ticket Arents. -
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Mont!cel!o.'!_
MON.. TUES.. "WED.. TH.URS. AND BAT.
»t 9:45 a. m.. S:15, 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night): Fridays. 1p.m.- and 8:30: Sundays
U:80.«..m., 8 p. m. - Landing: and. offlce. Mis'
«lon-M. . Dock, Pier No. 3. Telephone Mala 150*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weak Men
Prof. Laborde's Wonderful French Preparation
"CALTMOS"
Restores Lost Manhood.
5 DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Absolutely FREE by Sealed HaiL
. • prof. jules laborde,
' . - discov£jbi:k of •• ca i/tiios."
"CAIiIHOS" is pat before you on its merit*
alone. Try it and put it to the test. Try it free.
There is no security required— no C. 0. I>. scheme.
Send ns your name and nddreES, and we will send
you enough "CA1.THO.N" to last five days. It
will be lent la a waled parhace by mall, i
The marvelous French remedy -t'AlTHOS"
recently introduced in this country by the Yon Jlohl
Co., of Cincinnati, Ohio, one of tbe largest, richest
and most responsible business firms in the United
States, has attracted tho attention of the entire
medical profession became of the wonderful cures
it has effected. If you suffer from Lost Manhood,
*Yarieocele, -Weakness of any nature in the Sexual
Organs or Nerves, ( no matter bow caused,) or if tbe
parts are undeveloped or have shrunken or wasted
away "CAI/TIIOS" will r.'Rtore you.
"eAXiTIIOS" is the discovery of Prof. Jules Xa-
borde, famed in Paris as France's foremost specialist.
- "CAliTUOS" is tho only remedy recognized by.
the medical profession as a specific cure for weak men.
VCALTHOM'thas the endorsement of the Ger-
man and French governments, and is largely used in
the standing armies of those countries. ___
. All correspondence relating to tho *? CALTIIOS"
department of our business is strictly confidential.
We neither publish nor furnish testimonials.
Address The VON MOH L CO., 152 B t
Uirnit Importers of Standard
Preparations in tio U. 8. CINCINNATI. OHIO-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL/
K' EARN! AND -WASHINGTON-; STS.—RE-
modeled and renovated. . KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. ' Rooms, 60c to Jl 50 day;
$5 to $8 week: $8 to $20 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water . every room ; flre grates In every
room; elevator runs all night; '-.- -..* ¦
DR. CRbSSMAN>S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For th© ; Chi«o ,. of; ¦ Gonorrhoea, Gleots,
6trlctur«es and analogous complaint* •
' ... of the Organs of Generation.
[j. ¦ Price U ' » - bottle, r. For sale by; druggists.
fit PP nnif 1 I" Corner Fourth and
G1FE ROYAt/S^fe 1^^
'•I ¦¦',¦¦. ••Wllllajc. Overcoats and
';' v . . ', . '-. . .\ valises checked free.'
OCEAN TBAVEIi. .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m ¦•" . . Steamers leave Broadway
tot wharf, San Francrsco:
WSfifcii- ¦ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..-
ragl&Sc May 1. 6. 11. 16. 21. 26, 31.
K«<5i3iii5?»* Tune 5. Change to company's
¦ E&k EgitfVi£f^ steamers at Seattle. -- '
MsBSSaaS Hi ¦ For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
¦MlM'Wrfffffll C ) Port Townsend, Seattle,
i Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
'^<W§W and New "Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. May 1, 6, 11, 16. 21,
26 31 June 5 and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ky.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N P Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Kj .
F6r Bay-l:30 P- »-. -M«r
3. 8° 137 18, 23, 28, June 2, and every fifth day
t .For a -San Diego, stopping only at Santa. Bar-
bara. Port Los Anseles and Redondo (Los An-
Ke l es) _Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.,
steamer Santa Roaa. Sundays, 9 a. m. - _
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cniz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. P ort Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ven-
tura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East San - Pedro
•Newport ('Corona only)-Steamer Corona. Sat-
urdays? .9 a. m.; steamer Bonita. Tuesdays.
9 For m Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San low del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata. Las Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia aVid Guaymas (Mex.)-lO a. m.. 7th each
m For h 'further Information obtain company's
°The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice. *-
TICKET OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). , • ,
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Alrts.,
.10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail op uteamshio and rail, at
LOWEST RATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS COLUMBJA Satis May 13. 23. June 2. 12
SS GEO W. ELDER.Sails May 8, 18, 28. June 7
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General ' Agent.
1 Montgomery st., S. F.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW ; YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABT3.
. '. Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. :
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Paul. ...... ...May 29 St. Louis........ June 26
St Louis ...June '5 St. Paul..... July 10
St. Paul.. ....... June 19 Stl Louis July 17
V RED STAR LINE.
; New York and Antwerp.
¦ From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Pennland May 22 Friesland June 13
Kensington May 29 Southwark June 19
Zeeland .June 5 Vaderland .-. June 26
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT,
CHAS. D_ TAYLOR, :
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO RISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at l'n m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hipgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No ' cargo received on board on
day of sailing. r.
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May 29 I9fli
SS. HONGKONG MARU. Saturday, June 21 1901
S9. NIPPON MARU-Wednesday. July 17/ 1901
¦ Round-trip tickets at reduced rates For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market Btreet, comer First. «nce.
¦ ¦ ;,-.;."..-'¦ W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
DEUTSCHLAND. ...MAY 16, 2 P. M
A. Victoria...... May 231 F. ; Bismarck.... June i
Columbia .... May 30|DeutschIand V.:;June 13
¦ Twin-Screw Passenger Service' - •"• ¦
PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG— HAMBURG ¦
Pennsylvania ...May lSI'Phoenlcia .... June 1
Pretoria .........May 25 Patricia .... June s
•Sails to- Hemburs' direct '
Hamburg-American. Line, .37 B'way N Y
HERZOG & CO.; General Agents for Paclfln
Coast, 401 California' etreet. "" cnls lqr
PANAMA R. \fssr*
TO HEW YORK VIA PANAMA -DIRECT.
Cabin. aflO5; Steerage. *4O.
S. S. Argyll sails Sunday, May 1 2
5. 6. Leelanaw cails' Monday, June 3
6. S. Argyll. sails Monday. June 24
» w m Fwiont-street Wharf at 2 p m. .
Freight and passenger. offlce. 330 MirWt'it J
F. F. . CONNOR. Padflc'coast Agent. '
| ¦ President .
Sf — MAY TWELVE, NINETEEN HUNDRED AND ONE M
Complete Story of- the Me-
Kinley Family From Grandpa
McKinley to Marjorie Morse,
the President's Favorite Niccs
The TheV
L<>2 : Oldest
2 S~? Other Pa 3 cs o! Intensely In- %
££' Son,
Order Your Paper at Once.
Price Five Cents Per Copy. •
fllgifly . „,¦** 2$/ i Auction means that money spent
jjjj[l r I Jl. Jl v right here in San Francisco, turn- BUI
SJjjjiS Y^^if*^ * n S them out every day but Sun- ggggg:
1 / . day in a 11-arranged, ¦well-yentilated modern g=-s^
~~ ~~^\ , For sale . by the leading furnishing ¦ and dry <g^^"°
jjjjjl^NEUSTADTEB BROS., Manufacturers, San Francisco, Cal.j|jjj§Continued From Second Page.
ing of the Regents and ex-Regents of the uni
versity. Its benefactors, the faculties and the
candidates for degrees, assembles at the Bacon
art and library building.
9:10 a. m. — Commencement procession moves
to the athletic grounds, the place of the com
mem-ement - exercises.
9:13 a. m.— Holders of tickets for reserved
seats should, if possible, present their tickets
by 6:15.
9:15 a. m. — Arrival at the athletic grounds
or the President of the United States and the
Governor of California.
9:43 a. m.— Commencement exercises begin.
Address to the graduating class by President
aicldnlf-y. Delivery of military commissions
*>y Governor Gage. Conferring of degrees by
President Wheeler.
1 d. m.— Alumni luncheon In Harmon Gym
nasium. Immediately after the alumni lunch
eon the alumni of the academic colleges will
hold an adjourned session of their last meet
ing. Important measures now pending in the
Alumni Association will be discussed.
8:8) p. m.— Farewell reception to the gradu
ating class by President and Mrs. Wheeler in
Hearst Hall.
8 p. m.— Reunion of the claes of '79 at the
residence of Leon SIobs, 1516 Van Ness ave
nue, San Francisco.
ORDER OF THE COMMENCEMENT PRO-
CESSION.
9 n. m. — Processions forms at the library as
follows: A, candidates for degrees; B, fellows,
assistants, demonstrators. Instructors, includ
ing lecturers and astronomers; C, Regents and
benefactors.
The deans of the colleges are to arrange
the candidates alphabetically in the re
spective groups, to facilitate the delivery
of the diplomas.
Professor Setchell will have charge of
the procession.
9:10 a, m. — Procession moves, In double file.
In the order given above, around north end of
North Hall and down the walk to the athletic
grounds, halting at the main platform. Here
the procession separates Into two files, and
the several groups go upon the platform, re
versing the order of the procession. The
grouping of the candidates given above, and
the alphabetical arrangement, should be pre
served. Upon the arrival of the President
and Governor all persons are requested to rise
in their places and remain standing, with
heads uncovered, until the President and Gov
ernor shall be seated.
GOVERNOR SAYS
HE WAS SNUBBED
Declares He Was Not In-
vited , to Take Part in
Los Angeles Reception
LOS ANGELES. May 10.— Since the de
parture of the Presidential party the fail
ure of the fiesta committee to ofiBcially in
vite Governor Gage to take part in the re
ception to the President has been the sub
ject of considerable comment. In an in
terview to-day regarding the matter Gov
ernor Gape said:
"I have no personal feeling In the mat
ter whatsoever and do not wish to put
myself in a position by which anybody
may imagine that I, as an Individual, have
suffered any Indignity. I • have fulfilled
my duty— and a very proud and pleasant
one — of welcoming our great President to
California as the State's chief executive.
There my duty for the present ended."
When asked if he had been invited to
take part In any «f the functions
in this city the Governor reiterated that
he did not care to be Interviewed, but
finally positively declared that he had
never received any written invitation to
take any part In the proceedings, but that
at the eleventh hour he had been ap
proached by Messrs. Laughlin and Rule,
when it was Impossible for him to change
his plans. This was all that Governor
Gage would vouchsafe on the subject.
McKlHLEY SEES HATURE'S BEAUTIES
PRESIDENT HAS POWEB . -
i~-, TO BELEASE McKENZIB
Department of Justice Decides He
Hay Commute Sentence in Con-
. tempt of Court Cases.
WASHINGTON, May 10.— The Depart
ment of Justice has forwarded to the
President an opinion to the effect that the
executive has a right to commute the een
tence of a prisoner for contemDt of court
and it Ia expected that the President will
release Alexander McKenzie. the Ncme
mine receiver, now in prison at Oakland,
Cal., upon this opinion of his right to do
s<J under the law.
No mention is made in the opinion, it Is
understood, of legal grounds upon which
tho President might exercise the oardpn
power in such a case, the law being: cited
only in regard to his right to commute
sentence. It is said the President intends to
confer with the United States Judges In
San- Francisco against whom McKenzie
was in contempt and secure their astcnt
to his action.
Municipal Convention Closes. '
ROCHESTER, N. Y., May 10.— This was
the last day of the National Municipal
Convention. The first business was the
reading of the report of the committee to
invite co-operation of .business bodies.
George Burnham Jr. of Philadelphia was
chairman and presented the report to the
convention. Several of those scheduled
to read papers to-day, including J. Rich
ard Freud of San Francisco, were not
present and their papers will not be pre
sented at the convention this vear.
- HONOLULU, May 4.— United , j States
District * Attorney Baird created a sensa
tion in District Judge Estee' s court yes
terday morning by roundly denouncing
a jury that had failed to convict Captain
Sodergren of the bark Hesper on a charge
of assault and battery .on the high seas.
The • captain was convicted on on©; count
and is under sentence of six months' hard
labor. " Another charge, was brought
against him by his cabin boy, Edward
Hanlin, but the jury brought in a verdict
of not guilty.
' When the case of' William Walsh, was
called . yesterday, the charge being a
similar one, Baird refuse"d to proceed,
saying that the verdict of the jurors in
the previous case was a travesty on jus
tice and that It was a waste of time and
United States money to go ahead with
such a jury. A number of prominent
citizens were on the jury and the remarks
of the District Attorney created a sensa
tion In the city. He entered a nolle prose
qui and at his request Judge Estee dis
charged the whole Jury from further
duty.
Judge Estee expressed himself as agree
ing with Baird. He declared that the evi
dence plainly showed that Captain Sod
ergren had inhumanly assaulted the com
plaining witness six times. *
There are many stories of brutality on
the Hesper on her last trip here. Walsh,
who goes free as a result of the District
Attorney's nolle prosequl, was her mate.
Captain Sodergren ia appealing against
the sentence of six months' hard labor
passed upon him by Judge Estee.
Judge Estee Agrees Hesper's
Captain Should Be
Convicted.
Government Attorney
t Stirs Sensation in
Honolulu.
WOULD DEPOSE
THE EMPEROR
Notorious Chinese'Heads
Strong Reactionary
Party.
nuch, La Lien Yang, heads a strong re
actionary party, including the Grand
Chancellor, Lu Chuan LJu, Yung Lu,
Prince Tuan and General Tung Fuh Slang,
which aims to depose Emperor Kwang Su
in favor of the son of Prince Tuan. '
PEKING, May 10.— The Americans have
evacuated the districts under their control
with the exception of the Forbidden City,
¦which they -will continue to occupy In
spite of foreign objections unless orders
to the contrary are received from Wash
ington. As k -would be Impossible to turn
over the American districts to the Chi
nese, who certainly would not be allowed
to keep them independently. General
Chaffee, In order to prevent chaos, noti
fied Count von Waldersee a week ago that
he would evacuate to-day. Those portions
adjoining the British districts were as
signed to them, and the remaining por
tions were assigned to the Germans.
The departure of the troops for Manila
has been delayed ten days owing to the
transport Indiana being quarantined at
Nagasaki because of a case of smallpox
on board. The. American soldiers .here
have been vaccinated. " ..
BERLIN, May 10.— Field Marshal voa
Waldersee cabling from Peking yester
day, says: ,<\ ii*r'
"Anstedt's coiumn has returned to Tien
tsin. He did not meet any large band of
robbers." • _
Certain Districts at
Peking. '
SHANGHAI, May 10,-It Is reported
that the Empress Dowager's favorite eu-
American Troops Evacuate
Korea* Cancels French Loan.
LONDON, May 11.— A dlspaich to the
Dally Mall from Kobe dated May 10, says
that Korea has canceled the French loan
of 5,000,000 yen and the contract to con
struct a railroad from Seoul to Wijl.
Salisbury Returns to London.
LONDON, May 10.— Lord Salisbury,
bronzed and looking exceedingly well, re
turned this evening from Beaullen In the
south of France. " -
for Transportation of the Chief ;
Executive.
DENVER, May 10.— Mayor "Wright Is In
receipt of a letter from Dr. Rufus O.
Wells of St. Louis containing an offer to
give President McKinley on his arrival
in Denver a ride in "the finest gas ma
chine In the world." What Dr. Wells
wants to do is to establish a balloon line
between Denver and New York and lie
asks the Mayor to induce the President to
lend eclat to the launching of the pro
ject by taking a ride in a first balloon
train.
The picture of McKinley sitting astride
a traj>eze bar and sailing majestically
over the rooftops while his subjects stand
with open mouths- and twisted necks in,
silent admiration has so inspired Dr.
Wells that he has broken-into song. An
extract reads:
Let the thousands come and see
A great balloon, which wni be fre«
To all the children in the State, - vV
A sight- to them both grana and great.
Many thousands would gladly go ¦
To see this grand and wondrous show.
St. Louis Man Presents Novel Schema
"BALLOON TO NEW YORK;
STEP IHT, MIL PRESIDENT!"
Continued From Third Page.
PREPARING TO RECEIVE
PRESIDENT MCKINLEY
REV. HUGH A. R. RAMSAY THE CURATE
OF THE GOOD SAMARITAN MISSION
HAWAIIAN JURY
INCURS CENSURE
Peter's Church, Redwood City; where his
work was greatly appreciated.- During his
Incumbency St. Peter's was greatly Im
proved, and for: the first time in' the his
tory of; tha church the debt 'was extin
guished. " * - ¦• i" l jjj
A.vested choir was one of the Improve
ments added to' St." Peter's by the young
curate. • . .......'. , . •_¦..; i . : .-.«
On May 1' of this year, by appointment
of the . Bishop, Mr. Ramsay - was trans
ferred, to- 1 the- work : in r San Francisco,
where he \ has , already demonstrated rare
efficiency and given promise of great use
fulness. >'• ¦¦¦ ., ¦.¦>./:¦•¦'. -"-¦••
• On May 25 Mr.' Ramsay will.be advanced
'to the priesthood In . Trinity- Church by
Bishop Nichols, ¦". - ' • -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SA.TURDAY, MAY 11, 1901.
committee that the people will everywhere dis
play the national emblem.
The only object of the committee having
the affair in charge is to insure to the dis
tinguished visitor a day of quiet enjoyment
amid the be&uties of our county. ,-
To have the President of this' great nation
as our guest even for a day will be an event
long to be remembered \ in the history of
Jilarin County. It will be an occasion for the
citizens of Marin to show their patriotic re
gard for the Chief Kxecutive of our country.
It is earnestly requested that all who can at
tend will be at Sausalito to assist in extend
ing a suitable greeting.
It is especially desirable to have the pupils
of our schools with their teachers, in at
tendance, and to that end the committee would
recommend that a school holiday be declared
in all places easily accessible • to Sausalito.
By order of the reception ¦ committee, con
sisting of the following named citizens: F.
M. Angellottl, H. J. Crumpton, S.. B. Cushlng.
C. J. Dowd. A. W. Foster, R. Furlong, H. A.
Gorley, C. H. Harrison, W. W. Morrow, J.
W. Pew, J. B. Stetson.
SOUVENIR FOR
i MRS. McKINLEY
Keith Picture to Be Pre
sented to Her by Mem
bers of Women's Clubs
Mrs. McKinley will carry away with her
a magnificent painting by. a renowned Cal
ifornia artist as a souvenir of the ladies
of the reception committee of the' wo
men's clubs who will tender the first lady
In the land and the ladles of the Presi
dential party a reception on Thursday aft
ernoon at the Art Institute.
The matter of presenting Mrs. McKin
ley with some suitable gift came up be
fore the ladies at their meeting yester
day morning. It was a question that did
not call for much discussion. "Within a
very- few minutes the ladies had decided
that the gift for Mrs. McKinley should be
a Keith picture and had pledged them
selves to cover the cost.
Everything is now in readiness for the
grand reception. The ladles having the
affair in charge have worked so harmo
niously together that the success of the
entertainment, as far as perfections of ar
rangements go, is a foregone conclusion.
THE PBESIDEBTJTJJNTA BARBARA
Continued From Second Page.
BKRLIN, . May 10.— The new Prussian
Ministers will * go to Urvllle for formal
presentation . to Emperor William. His
Majesty will. come to Berlin May 23 and
will return directly to Potsdam.
Ministers to Meet William.
right-of-way was procurred for: almost
the entire : distance, . work for some rea
son was never commenced. It ¦ is said
plans are so far materialized now that
the road Is assured. ! v:.^-- -
The Mercantile Trust Company of New
York, report has ,it. has agreed to take
bonds of the enterprise to the amount of
$250,000 and San Francisco capitalists will
supply" some of the money needed. From
Alviso to this city is about . ten miles.
The plans include the building of the road
to the northern city limits, up- Taylor
street to Fifth and then south to a con
nection with the Santa Clara line. The
Centers could have another route to Al
viso and one that would require less
building by constructing a line from the
Santa Clara end of their electric road to
Alviso and this route may yet be selected.
This line connecting with the Alviso
steamer would give a cheap rate to San
Francisco and many believe prove a pay
ing investment. •
THE congregation of the Cathedral
Mission of the Good Samaritan is
congratulating itself on the good
fortune that secured the Rev.
Hugh A. R. Ramsay as assistant
to the Rev. Mr. Turner, the minister in
charge. Rev. Mr. Ramsay has the dis
tinction of being the youngest ordained
clergyman In the diocese of California,
He is the son of the Very Rev. Archbishop
Ramsay of Santa Barbara, and to all in
tents and purposes is a native eon, com-
Ing to California when a boy and receiv
ing, his early education In the, public
schools of this State. Early inclinations
prompted a career in the church. For two
years he was a student of Trinity. School,
where he graduated in 1897, ..immediately,
thereafter entering the Divinity School of
the Pacific, San Mateo, from .which ne
graduated . In 1900. .• • . :.-.. ¦•;
On June 6 of the same year Mr.- Ramsay
was ordained deacon by. the Bishop of
California in St. Matthew's Church, San
Mateo, and at- once took charge .of St.
ELECTRIC Z.HTE FROM
SAM" JOSE TO ALVTSO
New York and San Francisco Capital
"Will Carry ' the Project
Through.
SAN JOSE, 'May 10.— An electric - road
from this city to Alviso is \ again being
talked of and it is rumored that the Cen-
ter brothers, who recently bought 'a. con
trolling interest In the San- Jose rand
Santa Clara electric railway, will -build
the road. Two years ago the project was
advanced and. the Board of Supervisors
granted a franchise. over- the Alviso i road
At : that time Hugh =\Center. - Adolph
Greeninger, O. A. Hale and C. M." Hatch
er were back of the scheme, and although
the United States." And he stoically re
mained- while his house burned to the
Biound.
"I saw the President," said he, when
informed that his house was in ruins. "I
saved the lot anyway."
After leaving Ventura the train ran for
miles along the cliffs, which, at this point
rise abruptly from the sea. At Summer
land the President saw the derricks of oil
wells sunk in the ocean.
Enters the Sacred Garden.
At the mission the President was re
ceived by the fathers and conducted Into
the sacred garden. Preparations had been
made by the Franciscans to show Mrs.
McKinley through this garden as a spe
cial mark of respect, for no women except
the wives of Presidents have ever been
admitted. Mrs. Grant was thus honored.
The forty. students of. St. Anthony's Col
lege were drawn up In line at one side of
the garden and were addressed by the
President, who admonished them to lead
useful lives and wished them happiness.
The party was shown through the chapel,
the cemetery and Ihe relic room and took
carriages for their train. The President
hurried to his wife's side as . soon as he
was allowed to reach the car. .-¦-¦*. -\ '
The -Presidential party is having a
pleasant time, unless it be that the con
stant strain upon the President becomes
annoying. At the mission to-day Secre
tary Hitchcock said to Postmaster Gener
al Smith: ¦ . ' ¦¦'¦.-.
."It will be hard for us to get into the
harness again and go to plowing when we
get home. A man does not get an outing
like this very often."
Promptly -on schedule time the party
reassembled at VicU.ria station, but one
member/Lawrence I. Scott, wag missing.
The train waited ten minutes and pulled
out without him; - It was hardly out of
sight before he arrived In a hack.
Pleased With the Weather.
There were many amusing incidents
during the day. A member of the recep
tion committee spoke apologetically of the
overcast sky to the' President, who re
sponded: . " . .
"It may shut out your mountain view,
but it is delightful weather."
Rubbing his nose, liee ontlnued: "Look
at my nose; I have been In the scorching
sun so much, on this. trip that I am sun
burned and my face its quite sore."
, At -table he Joined Jn a pun at the ex
pense of Secretary Hitchcock regarding
the Arizona Indians,* which Secretary
Hitchcock had exhibited to the party as
"his" Indians. t
Mayor of San Luis Obispo delivered the
address of welcome as McKinley stepped
from his carriage. The crowd cheered as
McKinley bared his head in the twilight
and bowed. He spoke to them as follows:
It gives me. great pleasure to receive the
greetings of the people given so cordially
and so generously by the Mayor of your
town. The ambition ct every American Is
for the well being of his country, for he
knows If all goes well with his country all
Is likely to go well with him. In a country
like ours, resting as it does upon the judg
ment of the people, our Government and its
administration, our laws and our courts are
very much what the people make them.
They elect their Legislatures in the several
States: they elect their Judges and estab
lish their courts; they make their own laws
for the government of their local affairs.
and then they ¦ make .the Pi^ldent and the
Congress, which makes the laws that gov
ern the United States. And so everything,
srf far as the welfare of our Government
Is concerned, rests upon the people.
Good citizenship is indispensable to good
government. Bad citizenship will always
induce bad government. But so long as the
American home continues to be the fountain
of purity and virtue, so long as the'Amer
ican school is supported by the American
people, we will have guod citizenship, and In
turn good government. (Applause.)
"We are proud of our army and of our
navy, and yet that Is not our chief pride.
Seeing, as I walked lu, the Grand Army of
the Republic recalled to me the days of the
great Civil War, which developed some of
the greatest captains of the age. So in our '
recent Spanish war men of great gallantry
and great valor came to the front. We love
to recall these glorious deeds of the past;
we love to recall the more recent one of
l>wey at Manila. (Great applause.) But,
my fellow-citizens, our chief pride is not in
the arts of war, but in the peaceful pursuits
of civil life, to reach its highest develop
ment. Our victories must be in the arts. In
the sciences, in manufacture and in agri
culture and learning if we would really
make a great and progressive and enduring
nation. Our nation now is marching along
these lines, thanks to the virtue and Intelli
gence of the American people. This re
public was founded 124 years ago in con
science. It Is our business to keep it In
conscience, to preserve it for those who
shall come after and to pass It along to our
successors, as a beacon light of liberty the
world over.
. Mayor Holllster then came forward and
presented to the President a prettily
decorated basket containing- some souve
nirs of the city and county of San Luis
Obispo. There was an album containing
photographs of the town and Its vicinity,
some "panahe" or Spanish sweetmeat, a
hair rope beautifully decorated and . fin
ished and several other things character
istic of the place. It was getting late and
dark, and bo the President was hurried
through the lobby of the hotel, where a
crowd of men and women struggled for
a grasp of his hand, and to the dining
room, as the people believed.
Instead he was taken to the other door
and before the people understood the rube
President McKinley was well started for
the station again. They rushed after him
pellmell down the street, distancing
Grand Marshal F. E. Doak and hia five
mounted aids and arrived in a heap at
the station In time to receive a last bow
from the President. Then he retired to
his car and the train drew away with the
air still ringing with -the last cheer. Tbe
twinkling end lights of the President's car
grew dimmer and dimmer and finally
passed out into the darkness.
MARIN COUNTY'S
CAREFUL PLANS
Committee Issues State-
mentand Appeal to Citi T
zens for Loyal Greeting
The Marin County reception committee
Is making: most careful preparations for
the portion of a day which the President
will spend in that county. The following
has been issued by the commute*:
To . the People of Marin County: The pro
gramme for the visit • of the President to Ma
rin . County on Thursday, May 16, has been
arranged as follows:
The President and his party will leave Ban
Francisco by special boat about 9 o'clock a.
m., and arrive In Sausalito about 9:30 o'clock
a. m
They will ftiere be welcomed by the citizens
and pupils of our schools with short but ap
propriate ceremonies.
It is hoped that before the departure of his
train, the President may say a few words to
the people. - . . • ' ¦„
He and his party will be carried by special
train to Mill Valley, and thence by special
train to summit of Mount Tamalpals. Owiny
to the limited accommodations and the desire
of the President for rest and quiet, no one
can be permitted to accompany the party to
the summit of the mountain.
The matter of decorations in Sausalito and
Mill Valley must -be left entirely to the resi
dents of those places, but it is hoped by the
PROGRAMME FOR
BERKELEY'S DAY
Commencement Address
by McKinley Is to Be
Delivered Out of Doors
BERKELEY, May 10.— The following is
the order of exercises on commencement
day:
9 a. m. — Commencement procession, consist-
ir.axdery No. 1, mounted and on foot, will
form on Stevenson street, between Third and
New Montgomery, at 2 p. m. sharp.
Second division, consisting of Sacramento
Commandery No. 2. and all commanderies not
otherwise assisted, together with sojourning
Pir Knishts. •will assemble at King Solomon's
Hall, Masonic Temple, at 1 p. m.. for organi
zation. Em. Sir T. B. Reid of Sacramento
Comma ndery No. 2. marshal. Form on east
t=ide of New Montgomery street, between Mis
sion and Howard, right resting on Mission,
promptly at 2 r>- m.
Thud division, conslstine of Golden Gate
'"ommandery No. 16 and Naval Commandery
No. 19. assemble at Golden Gate Hall. 625 Sut
ter street, at 1 r». m. Form on west side of
New Montgomery street, between ' Howard and
aUFFion, right resting on Mission, at 2 p. xn.
Troop A. mounted band, N. G. C. will lead
the first division.
Bennetfs Esr>ositlon Band. twenty-flve
pieces, will lead the second division.
Ca.,as?a's First Reg-imcnt Band, twenty-flve
pieces, will lead the third division.
Schedule of movements and evolutions:
Formation will be columns of three on New
T.tor.tgomery street to center of Market street.
From this point to Larkin street column of
division of twelve. From Market 6treet to en
trance of pavilion column of fours. In pavil
ion oi>en order from fours, bringing the Sir
Knight* in two columns of twes. forming s.t>
aisle sufficiently wide to allow the Presiden
tial party to pass through in column of threes.
Face center, present swords. After guests are
seated, carry sworde, return swords, front
face, close order. March on to the grandstand
in column of fours, where all Sir Knights in
unifcrrr. will be seated. At the close of the
exercises our honored guest, together with his
Immediate escort, will leave the pavilion. Sir
Knights and audience remaining seated. Presi
dential party will proceed to the reviewing
stand. Market street. In front of the City Hall.
Divisions will then form in order as aforesaid,
parsing In review In columns of twelve on
Market Ftreet. On arriving In the vicinity of
the Palace Hotel lines will be formed on both
Fides of Market street. After the President
has passed through the lines the Sir Knights
will be disini«sed. »
REUBEN P. HURX.BUT.
Chairman Parade Committee.
£IR GEORGE W. WITTMAN.
Chief of Staff.
Continued From Third Page.
day by tie receipt of a letter from Admi
ral Casey, which sets at rest any fear
that the marines and bluejackets of the
warships in port would not be seen in the
parade. Admiral Casey wrote:
I expect to have here under my command
during- tho President's visit, ia addtion to the
flagthip Iowa, the battleship Wisconsin and
the cruiser Philadelphia, and I would be
pleased to land battalions of bluejackets and
Dsrines irom these ships, with the under
snancflns that they will take their positions
en the right of the' line immediately after
the United States regular troops. If you de
tire the presence of this force, I will thank
you to inform me at your earliest convenience.
1 em prepared to do everything in. my power
to aid ti e committee in the carrying out of
the programme arranged for the reception of
the President.
Another letter, from Lieutenant Howard
H. K'p;), commanding the Mare Island
1 ittialion of marines, was also received
by Gtnoral "VVarneld. Lieutenant Kipp
¦wrote tha.t his command •would parade If
assigned a place in the column. General
Wartieid replied promptly to both letters.
It is new assured that there will be 1000
bluejackets and marines in the parade,
besides the Naval Reserve battalions.
Ihe Southern Pacific has placed one of
the eld Midwinter Fair arches in position
across the track at Fifteenth and Harri-
Eon streets. The arch is handsomely dec
orated and bears the* words "Welcome to
the President."
At the regular meeting: of the board of
directors of the Merchants' Association,
held yesterday, it was decided to recom
mend that all business houses be closed
on the afternoon of May 14, the day of
President McKinley's arrival in this city,
In accordance with the request of the ex
ecutive committee in. chares of the re
ception.
The headquarters of the Young: Men'E
Institute will be brilliantly Illuminated
witn electric lights during the visit of the
President. A. motto in electric letters will
rest in a bed of American flags.
Native Daughters' Gift.
The testimonial album to be presented
fey the Xative Daughters of the Golden
"West to President McKinley will be on
exhibition in. Native Sons' Hall next Sun
day and Monday from 1 until 4 o'clock,
so as to Bive all who contributed to it
and others who may be Interested an op
portunity to view the Kift,
The finance committee reports the fol
lowing additional subscriptions received
up to yesterday noon:
Sheriffs office. $60; Couaty Clerk's office. $54;
Assessor's office. $50; Presidio and Feirles
Railroad, $50; nine Superior Judges, $45- Tax
Collector's office. $33; Recorder's office. $31-
Auditor's office. $25; Union Metallic Cartridge
Company, $25; District Attorney's office. $20-
California Bottling Company, $20; Treasurer's
office. $18: Board of Public Works, $12; four
Justices of Peace. $10; Hotel Richelieu, $10; one
Police Judire (Cabaniss), $5; Vlckery. Atkins
& Torrey, 55: G. Leipr.itr & Co.. $5; California
Tannlr.g Extract Company, $5; cash. $5; B. M.
Thomas, $5: E. D. Carroll & Co., $5; Sins Fat
Co.. IS; Wing Sing Loong Co.. $5; O. F.
Rooney. 15; W. W. Moore, $5; Gassaway &
"Wood. $"•; V. A- Hyde, $5: Levinson Printing
Co.. S5; Jesse G. Gobey. $5; Charles Gosllnsky.
£5; Dr. de Vecchi, $5; Sterling Oil and Devel
opment Co.. IS: S. G. Kellogg. $5; D. W. Earl,
J3: J. I>. Whitney. $5: cash. $5: Martlnor.l &
Podesta. $5; G. Orel, fS: C. D. Bunker & Co..
$r,; DPllar»icne & Co.. $5: J. Brandt, $5: Kohl
brg & Co.. $5; Judge Robert Ferral. $5; Pa
cific Carriage Company, 85; total, $613.
GRAHDPAHADE OF KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
9
BRILiJANT YOUNG CLERGY
MAN AND THE SCENE OF
HIS FUTURE LABORS.
POSTUM CEEEAL.
A "KNOCKER."
Found on. Many Tables.
People will "slug" themselves with cof-
fee and then hunt around for medicine to
cure them of the trouble coffee produces,
but they keep on drinking coffee and mak-
ing new diseases right along. That is.
Borne people do. There are thoughtful
people, however, and their number ia
growing greatly every month, who prefer
Vood, sturdy health to sickness, and they
leave off coffee because it Is a drug tfiat
produces disease.
Many people have to learn that this is
true by hard knocks, and they get the
knocks all >ght if they stick to coffee.
Mrs. Ida M. ICowyce of Anderson, S. C,
Kays: "For two years or 'more before leav-
ing off coffee and beginning the use of
Postuai Food Coffee my health became
very much impaired, as I discovered aft-
erward, from coffee drinking.
"I suffered from shortness of breath,
pains about the heart and the slightest
exercise completely exhausted me. My di-
gestion was bad and gas would form in
the stomach, rendering me wretched and
my Hfe a burden. Medicine did not help
the trouble. I was on the eve of giving up
in despair when my attention was attract-
ed to the statement that coffee caused
some of the eymptoms that I had. I de-
termined to abandon it and try Postum
Food Coffee.
."I had the Postum well made, and the
result during the past twelve months has
been something wonderful. AH of the old
troubles left. I have been In excellent
health, and my friends all notice It and
speak of it. I never lose an opportunity
of telling them that the change in my
health was caused by leaving off a drug
C8l)t-d coffee and taking on a liquid food
drink like Postum.
"No argument from any source could
convince me to the contrary of what I
have found out. I have seen much the
came resuits in rny sister's family and
wnor.c other acquaintances." — ¦
KH . mjiil, ii minimum ¦¦ i^-l.. ¦-'- J^ ff^jff* Jffg IJ+f% ££*£% gTC ffffii^/ff^ ffffi fi3 H^ §fflij3^&Ar gyr
i^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^p fko.lbest known remedy for 1THE SAN FRANCISCO! CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 11, 1901.
SATURDAY, MAY 11.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
."A year ago-nearly 6000 ' women ¦ voted at
Cleveland"s. election for School Directors.
This year only, 706 went to thepolls. ¦'•
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office,' U. " S.' N.', Mer
. , chants Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
May 10, 1901. , •. . /.'¦¦¦ , ,
-The time ball on the .tower of the new, Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or ' at 8
o'clock p. ,m., Greenwich time.- ¦ ¦
f ¦¦•¦ . . ' C. G. -CALKINS.
• Commander. U.' S.^N., In charge.
The . Steam* Locomotive : Doomed.
It Is] claimed that within a~' few _ years the
electric 'motor will 'completely -supplant the
steam locomotive, and ' trains -.will then , rush
along at .a speed : of, 100 ; miles; ah ) hour. / To
travelers ¦ this will prove a great (blessing. ¦ but
has proved a . blessing \ to those . who i wish to
regain their health 'quickly.' The Bitters cure
dyspepsia.. , indigestion, -.biliousness, malaria,
fever. ¦ and * ague. ' also / Improves the ' appetite
and purifies the blood. U-"^ • • ..
GEOEGE H. SIEBE TO BECOME
RESIDENT OF NOME CITS'
Well-Known Business Man to Seek
Fortune Close to the Arctic
Circle. I
George H. Siebe. son of the senior mem
ber of the firm of Siebe, Placeman & Co.,
will leave in a few days for Cape Nome
to embark in the northern city in mining
rnd commercial pursuits. Siebe Jr., to
gether with W. J. Woods, late of the
r.avy yard at Vallejo, " and Otto Belau,
formerly with Grecnbaum Brothers, have
foimed the Kongorok Mining and Com
mercial Company and will make their
headquarters at; Nome. George Siebe was
formerly connected with the firm of
Sk-be & Green, the bill-posting and adver
t'Ping firm, and was also a partner in the
Sit be Shoe Company. Mrs. Siebe will ac
ocitrany her husband to the north. The
young couple expect to remain in their
new home for some years.
Steamer Movements.
• NfOTE — In the above' exposition of the tides
thef early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third- time column gives the last tld«
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are. in addition to the soundings on the United
Stales Coast Survey Charts, except when a
mlnrus (— \ sign precedes the height, and then
theinumber given is subtracted from the depth
Elv«n by the charts. The plane of reference
is tfio mean of the lower low waters.
THE Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company's Coptic arrived
from China and Japan via Hono
lulu yesterday. She made the $un
from the latter por-t in the good
time of five days nineteen hours forty
seven minutes, thus getting here a day
before she was expected.
While the Coptic was at Nagasaki there
were a number of street fights between
French and English sailors. During one
of the disturbances an English sailor was
killed and a marine was so badly stabbed
that he was not expected to live.
There was in port at Nagasaki when the
Coptic left the French cruisers Bugeaud,
Guichen and Alouette and the English
battleship Barfleur. Some months ago
these vessels were at Shanghai and tne
sailors from them engaged in numerous
street fights. When they met again at
Nagasaki the quarreling was renewed. A
party of English sailors ran across some
Frenchmen from the Bugeaud and gave
them a beating. The French procured re
inforcements and, armed with swords and
knives, attacked the Britishers while they
were drinking in a Japanese saloon. Ihe
Englishmen, armed with walking-sticks,
numbered eight all told, while there were
twenty Frenchmen. During the fight
which followed an English sailor named
Henry Snell was ran through the heart
and killed, while a marine was so badly
cut that he was expected to die when the
Coptic sailed. The sailor who did the
killing was from the Bugeaud, but noth
ing had been done With him up to the bail
ing of the mail boat. The British Consul
and all the officers of the Barfleur attend
ed Snell's funeral.
The Coptic brings the news that Cap
tain Sodergren of the bark Hesper, who
was convicted of cruelty on the high seas,
got six months' imprisonment on the reef
on the first count, but was found "not
guilty" on the second.
The ship Henry Villard, now ori her way
here from Honolulu, had a hard time get
ting away from port. The crew was drunk
and after the ship had lost her jlbboom
in a collision the cantain had to take
the wheel himself. The damage was re
paired before the ship came on to the
coast.
Besides her cabin passengers the Cop
tic brings seven second cabin, six hun
dred and forty-five Chinese and a Japan
ese stowaway. The cabin passengers
were:
E. Achenbach, A. J. Korthals-AHes. Mrs.
A. J Korthals-AHes, Gustav AntonI, Captain
C. H. Arnold, U. S. N. : E. Baukal. I. Beck,
Barcn D. von Berger and valet, V. L. Boeck;
Lieutenant Commander J. M. Bowyer, U. S.
N. ; Leon Brock, W. K. Chlsholm. N. S. Clarke,
Lieutenant E. Cohnltz; Captain H. G. O.
Colby, U. S. Is.; Mrs. A. : Deane Cooper,
Thomas K. Cooper. Miss M. W. Crozier, Mrs.
Derkhelm. Miss S. J. Devonshire, M. C. Emer
son. G. M. Ford, Mrs. F. de Froncier. R W.
.Irw-in, Charles Lavy Jr.. J. L. C. Lawrence.
'Mrs. J. A. Levandowsky, A. H. White, A.
W. Wilcox; Mrs. J. Liddell, two children and
maid; B. Lindsay, Mrs. B. Lindsay, Master
Lindsay. Mrs. Charles C. Lister, Charles C
Lister Jr.. H. W. Looker, A. Marck, J. Mc-
Xab, Oscar Michael: Mrs. Oscar Michael,
child and maid; Master Michael, Von Moller,
Mrs. A. J. Moriarity, Rev. James Mur
ray, F. W. Xewson. Dr. Ohrt, R. D. Paine,
J. A/ N. Patyn, A. Paul, T. Paul. C. A. Paul
den,' Ch. Poirson, E. F. Porter, H. N. Ridley,
Sir. and Mrs. F. A. Rlegre, Mr. and Mrs. O. C.
Robson, Surgeon General Sellerbeck, Mr. Sel
zer, Captain Street, S. Swart, F. Whiting, H.
M. Woods.
The following passengers were landed
at Honolulu: Captain and Mrs. L. -R.
Ahlborn, Miss A. McCully and Mr. and
Mrs. 'John T. Lainz.
STEAMZB NEWPORT ABRIVES.
The Mariposa Will Bring Many Pas
sengers From the Islands.
The Pacific Mail Company's Newport ar
rived from Panama and way ports late
Thursday night. Besides her cabin pas
sengers she brought seven in the steer
age and eleven Chinese In transit to
Hongkong. The cabin passengera were:
J. G. McNally and wife, Louis Kaiser, David
Bloom, Ernesto Palazia and wife, James H.
Wilkens, J. Gabriel Duque, James Hawley,
Mrs. Hammond Moore, John C. Mezger. A. S.
Berdwell, Mrs. D. B. Hodgson and Eugene
Mezger.
J. G. McNally is United States Consul
General to Guatemala and Louis Kaiser
is United States Consul at Mazatlan.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Mari
posa is scheduled -to arrive here from
Honolulu next Wednesday. The following
cabin passengers were booked for her
when the Coptic sailed:
Mrs. R K. Hasklll and child. Mrs. Borghrl
vink, D. T. Davies. T. C. Llndsley, J. P. Me-
Cay, J. J. Dunne, Mrs. W. L. Howard, H. M.
Mott-Smlth. wife and children; S. Parker,
Mrs. A. Robinson, Mrs. M. Shaughnessy, Mrs.
J. W. Bailey. Mr. and Mrs. John Ena, J. ! F.
C. Abel, wife and child; H. W. Lombard, A.
H Wagrner, E. H. Boyan, H. Trail. J. E. Lind
say. Sheldon Mantle, W. J. Hayes, J. M.
Fleming. William Douglas, J. A. Mand, Mrs.
Hammen, Mrs. McKay. R. A. McCord,
T. P. McLaughlln. A. E. Bailey. Mrs. A.
Smithies, child and servant: Mrs. F. J. Kruger,
three children and nurse; E. A. Keithley and
wife. C. B. Henderson and wife, J. E. Aus
tin and wife, F. S. Washburn, F. Havlland,
Mr. and Mrs. T. B. Richards, Miss Clara M.
Miller. Miss E. Mison and W. M. Giffard.
New Steamship for Vallejo Trade.
The new steamer General Frisbie. built
for the Vallejo trade by Hatch Bros.', will
have her trial trip in a day or two and
will go into commission in time to take
part in the launching , of the battleship
Ohio. The r.ew boat is 170 feet Ions. 26
feet beam and 14 feet deep. She is expect
ed to average eighteen knots an. hour. She
will be licensed to carry 500 passengers;
but will have accommodations for twice
that number of people. The new steamer
is named after the founder of Vallejo.
Old General Krisble is now in Mexico and
a few months ago celebrated his golden
wedding. He married a daughter of the
late General Vallejo. :
The General Frisbie will be commanded
by Captain George Wheeler of the Mon-
Ucello. ;.:.'.:
Railroad Ties From Guayaquil.
Swayne & Hoyt have chartered the
British steamer ¦ Victoria for eight 1 round
trips to Guayaquil with railroad ties.
There was some very. close bidding for: the
contract by Puget Sound parties, but the
San Francisco house secured the plum.
The contract calls for 13,000,000 railroad
ties and it will take the Victoria eight
trips to deliver them. Returning she. will
bring niter to San Francisco. The rail
road ties will come from Noyo.
Water Front Notes.
Captain W. H. Hawes of the Samoa has
been transferred to the Egbert, while
Captain A. N. Walton of the latter vessel
takes the Samoa. The Egbert, after com
pleting' 20,000 miles of travel, docked at
Folsam-street wharf yesterday. She will
not remain long in port, as she sails
again to-day for' the gold fields via Pug-et
Sound. The Warren sails Monday for the
same ports and the Samoa leaves next
Wednesday for Portland, Seattle and Ma
nila. ~ - .
A few days ago the rate of reinsurance
on the British ship Manchester Jumped
from 65 to 90 per cent. She is now out 261
days from New York for Yokohama wilh
a cargo of coal oil. The cause of the jump
was the arrival of the German bark
Birma at Yokohama on April 18 last. The
Birma sailed from New York three months
after the Manchester.
The steamer Eureka will in future carry
mail from Humboldt County. Hitherto the
Pomona has been the only mail boat. The
addition of the Eureka will give the peo
ple of Eureka a delivery every two days.
The new four-masted schooner Kona,
built by Hay & Wright for Hind, Rolph
& Co.. will be launched at Alameda Point
to-night.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping: Merchants.
The Dc/venby Hall will load 'wheat for
Europe at 36s 3d.
Shipping 1 Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, May 10.
Stmr Sequoia, "Winkle, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Santa. Cruz, Nicolson, 40 hours from
Lompoc. - '
Stmr Scotia, Walvlgr, 18 hours from Kort
Bragg.
Stinr Westport, Ericsson, 19 hours from Bear
Harbor.
Stmr Centennial. Anderson, 8 days 17 hpurs
from Kahului.
Br stmr Coptic, Rlnder, 27 days 11 hours 17
minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama .16 days
14 hours 39 minutes, and via Honolulu 6 days
19 hours 47 minutes. ¦
CLEARED.
Friday, May 10.
Stmr Golden Gate," McKenna, Karluk; Pa
cific Steam Whalin* Co.
Stmr Santa "Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
- Etmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria; . Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Br schr Alexander, Erlcksen,' Petropaulovski,
via Aberdeen; Wm Johnson. •
Schr Lettitia, Funcke. Cape Nome; R D
Hunter. . .
SAILED.
Friday, May 10.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, — — .
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, . .
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Pedro.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, Greenwood.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen. Chemalnus. ,
Bark Gerard C Tobey, Gove, Honolulu. .
Schr Rio Rey, Miller. Mendocino. ¦ .
Schr Newark, Crangle, .
Schr Webfoot, Mercer, Wlllapa Harbor.
Sohr Bessie K, Peterson, .
Schr Confianza, Jacobsen, Coquille River.
SPOKEN.
Per Br bark Aberystwith Castle — ADrll 30,
lat 40 42 N, Ion 131 30 W, ship Columbia, hence
April 26, for Bristol Bay.
Same date and position— Ship Star of Rus
sia, hence April 26, for Karluk.
Per Br stmr Coptic— May 8, lat 33 39 N. Ion
135 12 W. nassed four-masted schooner show-
Ing- signal letters K S F L. Wished to be re
ported all well. ' •
April 26, lat 23 N, Ion 154 W— Baric Olym
pic, from Honolulu, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 10. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 12 miles per hour. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived May 9— Stmr
Grace Dollar, hence May 5.
Sailed May 9 — Schr North Bend, for San
Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived May 10— Stmr
Navarro. hence May 9; schr Bender Brothers,
hence May 7.
FISHERMANS BAY— Arrived May 10— Schr
Mary Etta, hence May 7.
TACOMA — Arrived May 10 — Bark Tidal
AVave, from San Pedro.
Sailed May 10— Schr Annie Larsen, j for San
Francisco; stmr Czarina, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Sailed May 9 — Stmr Dora, I for
Cape Nome; stmr City of Seattle, for Skaguay;
Br ship Lynton, for United Kingdom; schr
Abbie M Deerlns, for Cape Nome; Ana
conda, for Cape Nome.
Sailed May 9— Stmr Mackinaw, for San
Frar.cisco. . . .
EUREKA— Sailed May 10— Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco. !
ASTORIA— Arrived May 10— Stmr George W
Elder, hence May 8.
Sailed May 10— Ger bark Paul Isenbertr, for
Queenstown.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 10— Stmr Nation
al City, for San Francisco.
BALLARD-Sailed May 10-Schr A M Bax-.
ter, for United Kingdom.- •
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed April 27— Stmr Zealan
dia and ship Henry Villard, for San Francisco;
schr Manila, for Port Townsend; stmr Cen
tennial, for San Francisco, via' Kahului;' bktn
Omega, for Port Townsend. April ; 28— Schr
Inca, for Port Townsend. April 29 — Br bark
City of Adelaide, for Port Townsend. April
30— Br bark Antiope. for Ladysmith; bark. Big
Bonanza, for Port Townsend;' bark Diamond
Head, lor San Francisco; schr > Kallua. for
Eleele. May 1— Ship Florence, for Tacoma.
MaVJ — Bktn Planter, for San Francisco: Br
stm'r Doric, for Yokohama; May 3 — US stmr
Solace, for Manila; bktn Benicla, for- San
Francisco.
Arrived April 28— Schr Columbia, from New
castle. NSW. April 29— Schr Kallua, from
Newcastle. NSW. April 30— Ger bark Tellus.
from Hamburg. May 1— Bark Diamond Head
and ichr Aloha, hence April 13; Br bark>Wool
ahra and bark Palmyra, from ! Newcastle,
NSW. May 2— Br stmr Doric, hence April 25:
schr Philippine, from - Port Gamble. May 3 —
Br «tmr Coptic, from Yokohama; stmr*Marl
posa, hence April 27. . [¦'¦¦¦.
KAHULUI— Sailed prior to May 2— Scbr Ly
man D Foster, t'nr Port Townsend. •
In port May 2— Brig Lurline, ship .Henry
Falling and bktn J L EvUton. * . .
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 9— Ship Aryan,
hence Jan 7. '. ¦ •• •/¦•• ,. . . •
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAMBURG — Arrived May 9 — Nor ; stmr
Stjom, from Oregon. .v,'.
FALMOUTH— Sailed May 9— Ital' ship 'Mount
Carmel, for ¦ Antwerp. '¦ '.
SHANGHAI— Sailed May B-^-Br stmr 'Almond
Branch, 'for Port Townsend. ;
\ ALP ARAISO— Sailed April 2&-Ger Btmr
Totmes, for Hambure. :\
IQUIQUE— In port April 13— Ger ship Hell
con and Br bark Chipperkyle, for San Fran
cisco. - ¦ . •
DOVER— Passed May 9— Br ship Dunearn,
from Shields, for San Francisco.
NANAIMO— Arrived May »— Stmr MIneola,
from Port Los Angeles.
Sailed May 9— Stmr San Mateo,- for Port Los
Aneeles. i
• VANCOUVER— Arrived May 9— Schr Wm
Renton, from San Pedro.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived May 10— Ship Reuce,
from Tacoma.
NEWCASTLE, k Aus— Sailed May 9 — Schr
Americana, for Eleele. .
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 9— Br stmr Strath
gyle, for San Diego.
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived May 5— Ger bark
Thaslassa, from Iquique. •
»*.-' ' OCEAN STEAMERS.
A£OVILL,E— Sailed May 10-Stmr Astoria,
frotn Glasgow, for New York; stnrr -Numldlan,
frefn Liverpool, for Quebec.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 10— Stmr Au
guste Victoria, from Hamburg, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 10-Stmr Lu
cania, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
GENOA— Arrived May 10— Stmr Aller, from
New York, via Gibraltar and Naples.
¦ HAVRE— Arrived May 10— Stmr La Bre
tasne, from New York.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Ccast and Geodetlo Survey—
: Times ¦ and Heights of High and Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street | wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the 1 same at both places.
NEW STEAMSHIP GENERAL, FRISBIE, BUILT BY HATCH BROS. FOR THE VALLEJO TRADE. SHE WILL
HAVE HER TRIAL TRIP IN A FEW DAYS AND WILL GO INTO COMMISSION NEXT SATURDAY, TAK
ING THE PLACE OF THE MONTICELLO.
Belligerents Attached to Warships at Nagasaki — Sailor of the
British Battleship Barfleur Is Killed and -a, Marine Wounded
TAHITI TO HOLD
GREAT FESTIVAL
Fall of the Bastile to Be
Celebrated by the
Natives.
Bea'utiful, Barbaric and Odd
Scenes Will There Be
Witnessed.
There will be an exodus of tourists and
plessure-seekers to Taniti next month.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mag
nificent mail boat Australia leaves for the
islands on June SO and will be at Papeete
in plenty of time for the grand celebration
of the fall of the Bastile, The native cere
monies on this historic occasion are worth
a journey around the world to see.
It is not that the native Tahitian knows
much about the Bastile or the causes that
led to its fall, but that his islands have
long been under the sway of France and
Le is therefore obliged to look to his su
periors for permission to let himself loose
when he feels in the humor to do so. The
natives are ruled In a strict but kindly
manner. They are treated like children,
who must be amused if .they are to be
kept out of mischief. Hence when the
period of governmental rejoicing comes
round special license is extended and the
Tahitians have full rein to do aa they
please. And they do It.
Barbarous Customs in Full Sway.
They forget all conventionality, indulge
in their own sports, their own supersti
tious ceremonies, their own convivialities,
their own life in general as nearly in its
ante-civilized form as possible. For three
dajfc, from the 13th to the 15th of July,
Papeete, the capital city of the islands, is
tilled with throngs of dark-skinned na
tives not only from the Tahitian Islands
themselves but from neighboring groups
WW mi!es away.
The festival opens with a grand native
procession from the beach through the
streets of the town to the Governors pal
ace. The colonial army of perhaps two
cr three hundred soldiers and gendarmes
marches past in review order and the en
circling group of natives cheers and
fchouts itself hoarse at this brave display.
'then the real Tahitian interest develops,
and first and foremost to the student of
native life comes the massed choir con
tests. Each choir generally contains
about fifty men and women. There is no
orchestra, not even an organ, and each
choir sings its carefully rehearsed
"hymenes," guided only by the waving
hand of the leader. The time is perfect
ajui the effect produced by fifty powerful,
well trained voices chanting in unison
such i<. hymn as "L/Eternal est Createur"
is musical.
Another equally interesting feature is
the native dance, given by special permis
sion of the Government, in the old Tahi
tian costume, such as was worn in Cap
tain Cooks days. Ordinarily this Hress,
or lack of dress, is not permitted, and this
is the only opportunity the visitor has of
resizing how this once savage race ap
peared to our forefathers. The men wear
only their grass girdles, profusely decor
ated with shells, the women, are content
with a pareua or girdle, likewise made of
gra^s, and covered with brightly stained
strips of pandanus fiber. But to make up
fcr this scarcity of attire they are all
profusely tit rated with leas, or wreaths
of Fweet-smc-.lir.g flowers. The dance,
siren to a monotonous chant, is weirdly
'larbaric in its effect, now warlike in its
note, now verging on the sensuous.
"Walk on Hot Stones.
The Tahitian entertainment winds up
with tha marvelous fire-walking feat,
vrhich science has never explained. Na
tives of all -classes walk baxefooted across
S wide Pit of redhot stones without being
hurt. Even Europeans have essayed this
ordeal and come out unscathed, yet none
can exwlain how it is done.
While the celebration occurs every year,
it ir given full swing only once in every
two years. The last big observance took
p!ace in 1899! The regular one. therefore,
Is due in July of this year. Meanwhile,
however, the Oceanic Steamship Company
has been engaged by the French Govern
ment to establish a line of steamers from
San Francisco connecting the islands with
thf t'nited States, and the general popu
lsce of the islands realize that their land
is now brought fully within the realms of
civilization. Increased tourist travel is
anticipated, and, therefore, the natives
pror>cFP to have an unusually prand blow
out. "The French colonial officers sym
pathize with them and agree to give them
a free hand. The result may be expected
to be memorable in the history of the
South Sea Island races.
ENGLISH AND FRENCH BLUEJACKETS
ENGAGE IN A FATAL STREET FIGHT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G- 'STREET. N.
W. t WASHINGTON, May. 10.—Represent
atives of Chilean and Argentine legations
here are not able to confirm the report
that the Straits of Magellan are being for
tified by the Chilean Government contrary
to. the treaty agreement between the two
nations concerned. While at the ' Chilean
legation it is said that no official informa
tion has been received there- which would
Indicate that any such step i3 in contem
plation and there is a disposition to dis
credit the report, a similar statement is
given at the Argentine legation, although
it is admitted that no official information
on the subject has been received there.
It is understood, however, that an agree
ment exists between Argentine and Chile
by which they bind themselves to allow
the Straits of Magellan to remain neutral.
This agreement was entered into many
years ago- when the countries succeeded
in averting a war by providing for a di
vision between them of Terra del Fuego,
which comprises all that part of the con
tinent of South America below the Straits
of Magellan. At the same time they
pledged themselves to refrain from fortify
ing the Straits and in face of that agree
ment Chile would hardly break faith ex
cept under extraordinary circumstances.
In the absence of dny information on
the subject there is an inclination in dip
lomatic circles generally to believe that
Chile anticipates trouble with two or
three South American nations which may
follow the failure of negotiations with
Peru and Bolivia to settle the'Tacna and'
Arlca auestions, Reports have been in
circulation for some time past to the ef
fect that Chile is preparing herself for
an Inevitable conflict with some ' of her
neighbors. Therefore the announcement
that active defense operations are now in
progress by the Chilean Government is
regarded as probable by other representa
tives of the South American colony.
At the State Department no confirma
tion of the report is to be obtained. The
American . Consul at Punta Arenas is
Martz Broun. He is stationed at what Is
commonly called a half-way point In tlie
Straits of Magellan. In his last report
to the department he made no mention of
the subject of fortifications and, being
familiar with the situation, he is expect
ed to keep this Government advised of
any radical movement by either Chile or
Argentine. ;
. The agreement existing between Chile
and Argentine is similar in intention tp
that which exists between the United
States and Canada prohibiting an in
crease of force of warships on the great
lakes. . .
Strained Relations Exist
•Among South Ameri
/ can Republics.
Rumors of Magellan For
tification Are Sig
;. * . nificantv
CHILE MAY BE
IN FEAR OF WAR
10
Bun rises
Sun sets
Moon rises (third quarter;
Time ' Time
Date Ft. Ft.
i H W L W
11 ...I 1:28 4.5 11:09 0.6
I ;i wi ' h w
12 ... 0:09 2.3 5:51 4.4
IS ... 1:10 1.6 7:10 4.4
14 ... 2:00 0.8 8:25 4.5
15 ... 2:52 0.2 9:33 4.7
16 ... 3:43—0.4 10:38 4.8
17 ... 4:32-0.9 11:31 4.9
Time
Ft.
H W
6:17 6.1
L W
12:06 0.9
1:04 1.2
1:54 1.5
2:41 1.7
3:28 i 2.0
4:14 2.3
'6'dl't
Tlmel
L W
H W
7:00
7.40
8:23
9:04
9:46
10:30
..5:03
..7:03
.. m.
Ft.
5.4
5.6
5.0
6.2
6.S
6.(5
Steamer.
Destination.
> Sails. I Pier.
Mny 11.
Empire......*. Coos Bay
Ruth Humboldt
South Coast.. Humboldt
Point Arena.. Point Arena '.
Peru China & Japan....
CttyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports
Eureka Humboldt ..........
I . . Slay 12.
Argyll N. Y. via Panama.
Santa Rosa... San DleKO
May 13.
Rainier Seattle & N. What
Mandalay Coqullle River .51'. |
Alliance Ptld & Coos Bay.
Pomona Humboldt I
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma.l
Columbia Astoria & Portland
I < May 14..
Arckta. ....... Coos Bay
Bortta Newport
Czaflna Seattle & Tacoma.
Newburg...... Grays Harbor ....
May 15.
Queen San Diego ...
Fulton.. A Grays Harbor
V May 10.
North Fork ... Humboldt '¦;
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way
May 17.
O. Dollar..... .3 rays Harbor ....
1
9 am Pier 13
5 pm Pier . 2
5 pm Pier 2
2 pm Pier 2
1 pm PM3S
11 am Pier 9
9 am Pier 13
2 pm Pier 34
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 2
5-pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier —
1:30 p Pier 9
5 pm Pier 13
11 am Pier 24
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier ¦ 8
5 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier —
9 am Pier 2
11 am Pier 9
12 m Pier 34
....... Pier 2
Bteamer.
From.
Due.
Arcata Coos "Bay May 11
Hyades Seattle May U
South Portland Seattle & Tacoma May 11
San Bias Champenco May 11
Pomona Humboldt ... May 11
Mattewan Tacoma May 12
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. May 12
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pta. May 12
Victoria Oyster Harbor May 12
Walla Walla... Puget . Sound Ports.... May 12
Mackinaw Seattle . .. May 12
Queen San Diego May 12
Bonita Newport May 12
Czarina.. Seattle and Tacoma.... May 1?
North Fork Humboldt May 13
Fulton.. Grays Harbor May li
Santa Barbara. Humboldt May 13
Eureka..... Humboldt May 14
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor May 14
Newburg. San Pedro May 14
Washtenaw Tacoma ................. May 14
Acme......: Siuslaw Kiver May 15
Kvarven jComox May 15
Marlposa {Honolulu : May 15
G.W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria..] May 15
Corona.......... Newport ................. May 15
Crescent City.. [Crescent City - May 16
Santa Rosa ; San Diego- May 16
Point Arena.... iPoint Arena ¦ May! 16
Rival...'. IWUlapa Harbor ... May 16
Umatllla........ipuget Sound Ports.... May 17,
Steamer.
Destination.
> Sails. I Pier.
Mny 11.
Empire......*. Coos Bay
Ruth Humboldt
South Coast.. Humboldt
Point Arena.. Point Arena '.
Peru China & Japan....
CttyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports
Eureka Humboldt ..........
I . . Slay 12.
Argyll N. Y. via Panama.
Santa Rosa... San DleKO
May 13.
Rainier Seattle & N. What
Mandalay Coqullle River .51'. |
Alliance Ptld & Coos Bay.
Pomona Humboldt I
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma.l
Columbia Astoria & Portland
I < May 14..
Arckta. ....... Coos Bay
Bortta Newport
Czaflna Seattle & Tacoma.
Newburg...... Grays Harbor ....
May 15.
Queen San Diego ...
Fulton.. A Grays Harbor
V May 10.
North Fork ... Humboldt '¦;
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way
May 17.
O. Dollar..... .3 rays Harbor ....
1
9 am Pier 13
5 pm Pier . 2
5 pm Pier 2
2 pm Pier 2
1 pm PM3S
11 am Pier 9
9 am Pier 13
2 pm Pier 34
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 2
5-pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier —
1:30 p Pier 9
5 pm Pier 13
11 am Pier 24
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier ¦ 8
5 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
5 pm Pier —
9 am Pier 2
11 am Pier 9
12 m Pier 34
....... Pier 2
Bteamer.
From.
Due.
Arcata Coos "Bay May 11
Hyades Seattle May U
South Portland Seattle & Tacoma May 11
San Bias Champenco May 11
Pomona Humboldt ... May 11
Mattewan Tacoma May 12
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. May 12
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pta. May 12
Victoria Oyster Harbor May 12
Walla Walla... Puget . Sound Ports.... May 12
Mackinaw Seattle . .. May 12
Queen San Diego May 12
Bonita Newport May 12
Czarina.. Seattle and Tacoma.... May 1?
North Fork Humboldt May 13
Fulton.. Grays Harbor May li
Santa Barbara. Humboldt May 13
Eureka..... Humboldt May 14
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor May 14
Newburg. San Pedro May 14
Washtenaw Tacoma ................. May 14
Acme......: Siuslaw Kiver May 15
Kvarven jComox May 15
Marlposa {Honolulu : May 15
G.W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria..] May 15
Corona.......... Newport ................. May 15
Crescent City.. [Crescent City - May 16
Santa Rosa ; San Diego- May 16
Point Arena.... iPoint Arena ¦ May! 16
Rival...'. IWUlapa Harbor ... May 16
Umatllla........ipuget Sound Ports.... May 17,
Bun rises
Sun sets
Moon rises (third quarter;
Time ' Time
Date Ft. Ft.
i H W L W
11 ...I 1:28 4.5 11:09 0.6
I ;i wi ' h w
12 ... 0:09 2.3 5:51 4.4
IS ... 1:10 1.6 7:10 4.4
14 ... 2:00 0.8 8:25 4.5
15 ... 2:52 0.2 9:33 4.7
16 ... 3:43—0.4 10:38 4.8
17 ... 4:32-0.9 11:31 4.9
Time
Ft.
H W
6:17 6.1
L W
12:06 0.9
1:04 1.2
1:54 1.5
2:41 1.7
3:28 i 2.0
4:14 2.3
'6'dl't
Tlmel
L W
H W
7:00
7.40
8:23
9:04
9:46
10:30
..5:03
..7:03
.. m.
Ft.
5.4
5.6
5.0
6.2
6.S
6.(5
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of v^^^&i^
SEE CARTEKsi" = " sE; 8EE
j^lTTIP F0B BILIOUSNESS. p rMn f M n
GENUINE f |Vk E R : -S. GENUINE
WRAPPER B"S™ WRAPPER
. CKTODJE MUSTHAVtSJPMATURe;^
EATLWAY TBAVEL.
Just 1 little better \
than any other tram y
—a llttla better $enrice— • g
• more homeliXe |
feeling on \to |
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
thm you find e!sewtiert« ; »
and it runs like this 9
LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO |
9 an Mon Tues Wed Thur Frl Sal Sun 1
ARRIVES CHICAGO |
2.15 em Thur Fri Sat Sun Man Tues Wed |
! 75 HOURS TO CHICAGO |
0U THE §
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* l*ai«> niul nro tliio lo nrrltr* at
%Ati I'lUNVINIO.
(llain Line, Foot of Market Street)
lbavk — Fbom Mat 6, 1301. — arrivb
7:30a Benicia, Suiaun, Elmira, Vakafille.
Kuinaey and aacrauieuto. . . ...... ?:S3r
¦J:3Oa Datis, WooUlaud. Kuighta LaLdJug,
Maryirille. Oroilllo_ 7:3-1p
¦ 7:30a Atlautic Kxpress— Ogdeu and feast 13:S3?
7:U0a Port > ost*, il»rtl..ez, Presno, Han*
ford. Visalia, Purter.Lle.... 4riS3p
S:O»A Martinez, .-ina itami.u, ValleJ... Sapa,
Calintoga and San t» Kosa <t:23r
8:U0a KOes,Pleas(nton, Livermort-, Stock*
ton, Fresno, Hanford. Vis&li.t,
PorterriUe 7:S3r
Ss30A Shasta Express— l>»ii». Will* ma (for
Bartlett Springs), Will' vs, Kad
Blun\ Portland. 7:»3r
f l3Oa Sail Jose. Li»trmor(-, K tuck ton,
lone, Sacramento. Pla rville,
Marys'IIle. Cbieo, It- <1 li .If 4s35p
Si8Oa Oakdale, Chiness (Ycsa-uite;, .So-
nora. Carters -l:2."»i»
»:<M»a Haywards, Niirs ¦¦ nd W y Stations. I I :S3a
I»:««a Los Angeles Exyreis — Martinez,
Tracy. Latltr- p. d . «ton. Merced
Freauo »>•<"' Lea -kiisjoles .......... 7:23y
OiSOa Vall.J.i. MartluiuuHl Way Stations a:S.if
IO:OOa Tha Overland United— Ogdeu, Den>
ter, Oujaha. Chicago 6i«3f
fl:OOp Sacramento Klfar8Laainera }S:()i>.v
S:3»r Hay watda, Nllrs and Way Rtatlona. 7:33 p
4i»ur lieuleis. Winters. rUuraiimnto,
Wouillaiicl, KnllihU ]>audluK,
M«rj»?ille, Orovlllo 10:53*.
4:lMir Martinpx, Han JCaiuon, Vallejo,
N»n», (,'aliiitozw. Mmit» ICosa Wt33&
4iOOpNUes.LiTermore.3tookton.Lodi... lo.5.}»
4iSUr Hurwuda, Nllea Bau.luse, Ll»trrcor« t S:!vd A
3:«Op The Owl Limited— Tracj, Stcckton,
Freauo, BakersQeM, tiangiw tut
Santa Barbara, Los Antteles 8:33*.
3:00p Kew Orleans Express— Dakeratield.
Los Angeles. I> mlng, Kl Paso.
New Oilcans and East ?<33a
5:0»p Yosemltu 7:33a
B:«»p Uay wards, Mlenaud San Joss...... 7.33 \
1«iOOp Valleju.. Ili»34.
«:O«r Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cliejenne,
Omaha, Chicago l*:2»r
0:OOp Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver.
Omaba. Chicago. 4:S3p
7:00 p Oregon and California Kxnress,Nao< .' '
riiineiitii. Marjsville. l(«iltllii(,
Portlt.i.l. Pi<g«t .Sound and Kaak *****
¦¦•3rSu Pablo, Port Coata, Martinez
and Way Htatloua 11:33a
t»:03p Vallfjo 7»53f
COAST LINE (Narrow tiaiige).
(Foot of M:>rke( Streel.)
{7i-t^A Santa Cruz Ezcorsioo to danta Cru
, and Principal Way Station* JS:03r
Si 1 5 A Kenark.Ceuti:rviile,Hau Jose, Feltoo,
Boulder Creek.Saiita Oruz and Way
Btationa 3i3t>»
fSil.ip Newark. Canter* 1 1 lo. San Jose, New
Almailoo, Kelton, Koulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal War
SUtions tlOi.illa
4sl3p Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos { {lalsat
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSU railCISCO— r«tt *r llirk«t SlriiUSli? 8)—
t7:15 9:00 11:00*. M. 1:03 3:00 B:15r.M.
rrimOllLlID— f «l .( BroiJmj.— ffl-.OO t3;00 tS.-OS
10:00a.m. 12:C3 8:S3 i:C3 r.M.
, COAST LINE (P.roail «.'aa R e).
('lhird ntid Townsend Sta.)
•i I » a San Jose and Way Htationa. «<amp
t7sOOA H»u Joae anil Way Stations.. itSwp
t7:30A Sunday Excursion for San Jcse,
Ranta Cruz. P^ciflo Grora and
Principal Way Sutions tS>30*
- ttOOAhan Jose, Tres Tlnoa. Hanta Crux,
PxeiKo Uro*», ealinss. 8an Lnia
Obispo an.l Prindpbi i:itensedUta '
Stations. 4llOr
IOiSOa Ban Jcse and Way Stations. 7>3o»
/IM:3»A New Almadeu / 3:30?
11:30* Man Jose and Way Stations StSOr
1»:»5r San Mateo. itedwooil. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, rtanta Clara. 4»» .!<¦»«,
Tres Pinos. Santa Crux, Salinas,
Monterey and I'aciilc Urovo t> 0 <43«
SsSApOan Jose and Way Stations 0;3iU
t IsISp San Joae ami Principal Way Stations »rl»*
|3:OOp San Joss, Los Gatos and Principal
WaySUtions f9:OO»
3t30p flan.li)se and Prinolpal Way Station* 8i33a
OiOO? Redwood, flan Jow. Giln-y. Sallnaa,
Santa Barbara. Lo» Aogrlea...... 10:09x
SiOOp Del Monte, Monterey, Pacitio Grore.
Lompoo 1*>*3*
«:-to r San .lose and Way .Stations t* = ««»
alli43p San Jose awl Way HUtions 7»30T
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. '
. tRnnday ezeepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only. | - /Tueadars and Triday*.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry. .
Commencing April 23. .1301.
FROM SAN FKA-NC1SCO TO :flLL, VAIXEX
AND SAN KAfAEL.
WEEK DAYS-«:55. 8:20, »9:30. ll:C0 a. m..
12:45. # 1M3. S:J5. 4:15, 5:15. »6:15. «:4i p. m.
ELXTRA TRIPS— Kor Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. »9:00, •10:00. 11:00, U:M
a. m., 12:43. *l:30. 2:20. «3:45. 5:C0. «:0O. 7:30 p. m.
11:00 a. m. doea not run to San Rafael Sun-
marked (•) ran to San Qnentin.
FROM SAN KAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-»5:23. 6:27. 7:47. 8:35 10:13
a. m.. •12:25. 1:15. 2:20. »3:33. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:15. •S.OO. 9:45. -U:C0 a. m .. 13
m., 1:00. r:15. »3:30. 4:30. »5:43. 6:45. ,7:20. 10:10
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quenttn.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS — 5:43. 6:43. 7:55. 8:55. 10:14
i a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:35. 8:C0. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:li
1:20, 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. «:15. 7»15. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH rrAAINS.
6:55 a. m. -week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . .
3:13 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. m. week daya (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomalea and way stations. ¦
8 a.m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
10:00 a. m. - Sundays— Point • Reyes and way
stations.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMLANA BITTERS. THB
*'-' treat ¦ Mexican remedy; given health anil
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 MaxkaC
ADVEBTISE1O5NTS.
Bradford Quicksilver Mine,
San Beni to County.
Silver Creek Quicksilver Mine,
Santa Cfara County.
Having: bought and developed these mines,
during the past three years, and now desiring
to build expensive furnaces, we offer to the
public the balance of the Treasury Stock, about
20,000 shares In each company, on the follow-
ing terms:
50 CENTS PER SHARE.
No stock sold unless equal amount is taken
in each company.
Both mines under one management.
VAST QUANTITIES OF RICH ORE AXr-
READY DEVELOPED.
DIVIDENDS WILL BE PAID AS SOON AS
FURNACES ARE RUNNING.
Quicksilver mines ure the most permanent
and profitable of all mines. Our mines are
adjacent to mines that have produced over
JIOO.OOO.COO worth of quicksilver. ( ¦
Let us show y6u these mines, and judge for
yourself.
We guarantee to pay all assessments on this
stock for five years.
The money obtained from the sale of stock
will be used in the construction of Scott Fur-
naces, which Mr. Robart Scott Is now building,
end developments, which will immediately raise
the price of the stock. ¦
H. R. BRADFORD,
President and General Manager,
7 North Market St.. SAN JOSE. CAI*
Prospectus and Exhibit at Branch Office,
413 Kearny St., San Francisco.
F. DE FREITAS. Agent.
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
"Gran-SolYent" dissolves Stricture like snow b*>
aeatn. the sun. reduces Knlanted Prostate ant
¦trengthens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains aa*
Kiulsslons In Fifteen Days.
Mo drugs to ruin tho stomach, but > direct local
and positive application to the entire urcthraltracfc
Gran-Solvent is not a liquid. It Is prepared la
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and tiexiW*
and so narrow as to pass the closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
The SU James Assn., Box KM. Cincinnati, O., bn
prepured at great expense an exhaust- |*n I" f I
rre Illustrated Treatise upon the male LULL I
•ystem. which tb«r will send to "T I II f I i
male applicant, , ¦ ¦•*¦*» f
ST IA1WFS ASSV 2S0 elm ST.,
31. JA1T1C3 A33K., Cincinnati. Ohio.
8 visit DR. JORDAN'S great $
(MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
9 mS H51UASZXT ST. bet. 6:h&7&. S.F.Cal. A
\ Cf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
ff m-rv^rtiL. Wo>ld - weaknesses or any contracted A
L. flw2eM diseasl: ponltlwfly cared by the oldest ™
Q JBgl Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. &
4 ftfsfi DR ' JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
A f wSe^H Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
B B jKqtfi Troatmenl personally or by letter. A A
¦ T U y <JI H Fotitivt Curt in every use undertaken. ' 1 \
Aril ll&V Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY of A
* If 1^ HAIIRIAGE, MAILED FREE. (AT
f l)K. JORDAN de CO., 1051 Market St., 8. F. Y
OR. MEYERS&CO.
Specialists. Dls- &£*?
ease and Weakness c£§»|
of men. Estab- JSWj
llshed 18S1. ". Consul- Wm Xj&9ypS
tatlon and private vW';, /<^l ¦
book free,' at office nfllL •Mffil
or by mail. Cures \ewf/ sdtf^Sj*
guaranteed. 7.*{1 N»(w*Si"(itSw
Market street (ele- A PtW >Q#'
vator entrance), >toV' i^B»i 5^^
San Francisco. <«^WraW^
ga CHICH ESTER'S ENGLISH ¦
¦ ¦ .-<KS>. -a. Original and Only Genuine. •
IKTtkNSAFE. A1w»ti rcliatls Lndior- »rt Drurrtrt
f'jVx tor CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH
&^& i> '£&SS\ >° KED in-1 Gold metallic boxes. •.»:.<!
"W- 2T- ygrA wlth "'¦• rtblson - Take no other. Rcfuta
' 1?1 **? *s| I>a«aerout Babntitatlons and Iralta*
' I / '¦• : ID t '" n "- Bu X of 7 oar Druggist, ar tend 4c. la
I ¦•» Jf; fttmpi for Partleulara, Tentimonlalo
A 9* fp * nd "belief for Ludlt»,"in UttT.i; ro-
_Jv ff ' lurnMnll. lO,0(i«Tmimoo!»U. Sold by
V- -^ ' a" Drugging (iblrhe«tcr Chemical t'o.
Mention tola paper. ¦ Madison Square, fniLA.. fi,
' .-'¦.'• ..' : . > "-' : " i '. 5 l-: > .'¦ '¦' ', '<¦¦'¦ ' '¦ '.
t.*.M<#HSS t !JhJ*aj.i m B 'B O Is a non-poiaonota
, raWnfflpr^^wT VM remedy " for ¦ Gonorrhoea,
Gloet, S po r m a t oirhaa,
1 to5d»Ti^S9 Whiter, unnatural dij-
&&$& Guaranteed W chargt . or any inflaroma-
ir9*¥ not w itrictnre. tion, 1 ritatiou or ulcera-
Blt» i<gi'r;Ti-Dta eonugioa. tion ,t mucous mem-
IfilllVKzEVANSCHEMIRllCo. branes - Non-astringent.
iSSkciNCINMATI.O.iSBa SoM b * »rocsi»t«,-
dbi J&ju or Bent ln Pl aln wrapper,
jCfcSWfc, ' 'iWl by express, prepaid, i'or
.- tl.OO. or 3 bottlca, $2.73.
'^ISBMf^V'" HI *'.: wlar sent on request.
ADVEBTIfcEilEWTS.
Its least virtue is that
it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort; the
clean are comfortable.
Pears' soap cleanliness —
is perfect cleanliness.
All sorts cf people use it, all Berts of stores
tell tt, especially druggists.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Hailai
/ on Application. " ? ,l^v~
COAL. COKE AVD PIQ IRON.
1 C WUSQH i CO 90 ° battery street.
¦ J * J t ' U " telephone Main 1S64.
COPPERSMITH.
r W SRTFTH ?hf P I'Jurabinc. Steamboat and
t- TT- . .Ill J II. khip 'Work a specialty. 16 and
U \rachlnffton et. Telephone Main 564L
' FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IIS RftVFQ/tri Phirpinc Butchers, im
- JA5- DUlWOlJ- Clay. Tel. Main 1234.
oils. >';
RUBRICATING OILS. LKOVARD & ELLIS.
418 Front Bt.. 6. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTING.
F f HFfiHF^ PRINTER.
L. \r lltUflCJ, £n Santome st.. S. P.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First Street. Ean Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
S06 California p4»Tf?fnfiK Telegraphic
Btreet. rAttlttiUUD codes.
EAILWAT TRAVEL.
Folder Tells
All about the Burlington Over
land Excursions.
It contains a map of the
I United ' States ; time-tables ;
. illustrations of the exterior'
and interior of Burlingtori
tourist sleepers as well as a
great deal of information likely
to be of value to persons go- »
ing east.
Free at Southern Pacific
ticket offices.
The Burlington Overland Excursions
leave Los Angeles Mondays and Wednes-
days ; San Francisco, Tuesdays and
Thursdays — Omaha. Chicago, Kansas 3
City, St. Louis and beyond. t
- W. D. Saxbosx, I
JplifPPffpO Gen'l Agent,
yjl[^||M'ij' • 631 MarketSt., t
Is^SlUiu^^i an ranc " co « >
> li
CALIFOMIi HORTHIBSTERB RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND KOBTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
gas Franclnco to San RafaeL
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday"— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:10. »:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. \'\ 7t ,
Saa Rafael t» Sam Vrmnelmc^
WEEK DAYS— «:10, 7J>0. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12=^-
SM0, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at l.as
SUNDAfs- P 8:l6?-»:4O. 11:10 a. in.: 1:«>. 1:40.
Between and Schuetzen Park
game schedule as above.
~ Leave • I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. lApril 28. '1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. I days. I Days.
7-30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:0o pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am Windsor. 10:2S am
6:00 pm Healdsburs, 10:40 am
Lytton.
• Geyserville, .
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:23 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:3o pm| 6:20 pm
7-30 ami j 10:40 am 10:25 am
¦ I 8:00 amhGuerneviUe. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm) 5:00 pml g:M P m
7-30 am 8:00 ana Sonoma 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pml 5:00 pml Sebaatopol. I 7:3a pml 6:Z0 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geyuers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvtlle. CarN-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's. Bucknells.
Sanhedrln- Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Bprlnt-». Mendoclno City, Fort Brare, West-
port, Usal. Willlts. Laytonville. Cummins,
Beir» Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round ' trip ' tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office— 630 Market Street. Cnronlcla
Building.
H. C WHCTTNO,' R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. . G«n. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot. ¦
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Xjy. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
"Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15a ........
"Fresno... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05a ...."....¦
"Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
•• Visalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4-45 a
' " Tularo ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfield . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:0Op
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00- a. m. train la the California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No -second-class
tickets aro honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 6:55 p. - m. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:03 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m dally
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In' San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally
Offlces — 641 Market street nnd in Ferry
Depot. Ean Francisco; 1113 Broadway
Oakland. : . '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
'. Via SauaUw Ferry— root of Market St.
-ICavC «»N FRAN.' ARNIVC SAN FRAN
f:^A-M.i WEEK DAYS.... $ 3:35 p. m!
- 8:00 a. m.) v fl2:15p. m.
9:00 a. sr. 1:15 p.m.
i :)-.-..-^days. Jmo J: h.
1:30 p. M. I . I 6:50?. M.
23UP. M.J.. ,. -s (,7:10p.m.
- Ftre. Saa FrandMO ta Snamlt tn<rSetnrn. tl.4*
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St.; & Sansalito Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAESY ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment nf Private
Diseases. Ijo*t Minbood. Debility or
dlseasn w earing: nn body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcureswhen
ntherB fall. . Try him. Charges low.
Core* guaranteed. Call or writ*
X>r. JT. I*. GIBBON, tiau Francisco. Cal.THE LATE EX-JUDGE JOHN H. BOALT, WHO PASSED AWAY AT HIS
COUNTRY HOME NEAR CLOVERDALE YESTERDAY AFTER AN
ILLNESS COVERING A PERIOD OF SEVERAL YEARS.
In lSS9he became associated with the
firm regarded by many as tho greatest
on the Pacific Coast, that of Garber,
Hoalt & Bishop, into which Charles Q.
Wheeler was taken later on. It was dur
ing his partnership with these eminent
Jurists that Judge Boalt acquired his
greatest reputation as counsel in tho
Hlythe content and an nttorn<»v for t*«
city of San Frnnclsco In tho suit brought
by tho Hprlng Valley Watur Company. .
Man of Lofty Character.
Among hln more intimate associate*
Judgo IJoalt was more highly esteemed
for his lofty character and gracious per
sonality thnn for his technical attain
ments. Jlo wnn a patron of the art* nnd
a profound studflnt of letters. Of Judgo
Hoalt Robert Lrniln Btoveniwn wrote to
friondH In England that ho was th« grand
e»t all-round typ« whom h'o hnd met In
America. An a faHclnatlng convnrHatlon
tut ho had fow enunls In his time. In
the Hohcmlnn Club ho wn» a recognized
wit and bon oomrndo. Hid ode, "The
Owl Ulddoth Oood-by to Hroml<»y," on the,
nccimlon of a public far«w«ll to a follow
llnhemlnn, romnlnB a oIiishIo among the
nrchlvei nf thnt Kocloty.
In IMh homo Judge Moult wnn a typlcnl
Ki'iitli'iniHi of ili» old school— hoRpltnblft
mid kindly, It. to 1h< Miirrounded hlmtelf
with art trenxurnx nnd ram bookM.
The only oiHce held »>y Jvidgo Hoalt In
California wn» thnt of Llhrnry Truatre
of tho ally of Oakland, a position which
in' wnn drawn to by til* porMonul tauten
nnd itrqulromt'ntfi.
Deceiinod It'iwen a wlfo, Mm. Kllraboth
J. Hoalt. Tho only other nurvlvlng rol
ivtlvo In his granddauKhtcr, MInm Alice
liiinlt 'IVvIh, daughter nf hi* only rhlld,
Allen, \yho wna the Unit wife of Hugh
Tevlfl.
1 1 fu rl fnllurf wiik tho Immediate rausQ
of Judg-o linnlt'H death. Tho funeral »er
vice*, which will be private, aro to b«
hold from tho Into residonco at 1003
Twelfth street, Oakland, on Sunday.
Lucy Hite Files a Release.
A deed of | release was filed yesterday
in the Recorder's office ..whereby Lucy
Hite, the alleged Indian wife: ot John R.
Kite, releases all claims she may have
against his real or personal estate.
Night With the Elks.
Elks', night at the Alhambra, Tuesday,
May 28, promises to be a big amusement
affair. Friends of San' Francisco Lodge
No. 3 are assisting in every possible way.
The rehearsal of the nautical minstrel
first part, held at. the Metropolitan Tem
ple last night, developed an immense
amount of talent. There will be three
quartets, the Klks', Corinthian and Rin
con, and the Colonial double sextet among
the vocalists. The olio will be supplied
from the best professional talent 1 appear
ing in the local theaters. Several songs
are being written for the 'occasion by L.
M. Harris. The music, will be arranged
by Maurice Cramer.
Woodmen in the Forest.
The Woodmen of the World, acting upon
the suggestion of State Organizer Temple,
are making arrangements in this city and
Alameda County to havo a monster Initia
tion under- the trees at Fernbrook Park
on the 10th of August next. It is pro
posed .to carry out the idea of the ritual
of the prder In the fullest senses — that of
initiation in a forest, something that has
never before been done in this State Dur
ing the week all the local camps of Wood
men have been visited by special deputies,
who have asked the officers to secure
enough candidates for the night named,
so that there may be an aggregate of not
less than 1000 who shall receive the mys
tic instructions, of the order. It is pro
posed to initiate the applicants in classes
of not less than a half-dozen degree
teams, including those from Golden Gate,
Tamalpals, Mission, Western Addition and
Oakland camps. '• ..
BENEJTT CONCEIIT FOR
• A VERY WORTHY CAUBT2
Large Attendanco at tha Entertain*
ment Given In Aid of Homo
Finding Association.
There wnM a lnrgo nttnndnneo at thn
concert glvrin Innt evening In Hhormnn Hi
Olny Hull for tha btmctlt of tha Homo
I'MihIIhk AHsncltitlon of tho I'mlilc Conot.
Th« following fixccilUmt programme wim
rendered In its entirety and wan greatly
enjoyed !>y tho uudlenco:
Olio n ml |iIiiiii>, Mr. I». \Vntcrman And MlM
N«'1M« Wnllner; monologue, Minn I'M mi Dudley;
dam n, lriHit nit, AImkI't Ormond nnd Minn Huth
Smith; tmrytonn lOlivMr. 11. K. J. Kern, Minn
Tiiiiltu Viilli-J" nccomtiAnlit; harp unlo, Mn.
AI«xMndra Murqunrdt; recitation, V. • Cookt
I'nlilwi'ii: dance, minuet do la cotir, In contum>>,
MukIit Ormonil nnd MUa Kutli Smith: aopranp
unto, MIrb Cnmllln Kr.mU; violin nolo, Mill
Kllccn Alt f'niii'. Mm. N'oith Unimlt accompan
ist; thoKniokfrbocltcr Quartet— Horl>#rt Will-
Inmi, nrat tenor: Dr. It. W. Smith, second
tenor; 1 ». it. Crane, llrst bass; I«. A. Larsen,
second bass.
SEMPEB.VIBENS CLUB
MEETS AT THE PALACE
Will Plan a Campaign to Save Red
wood Forests of Santa Cruz
, Mountains?
The Sempervirens Club held a meeting
last evening at the Palace Hotel. Charles
Wesley Reed presided, and after calling
the meeting to order explained that a
plan of campaign must at once be formed
and the good work continued to save the
redwood forests In tho Big Basin district,
In tho Santa Cruz Mountains. He ex
plained that ex-Lieutenant Governor Jeter
held the bond on 2200 acres of redwoeds
that tho ciub had selected for its first pur
chase with the money that had been ap
propriated by tho last Legislature. Reed
then appointed u oommlttee.-eomposed of
A. P. HIllR. W. "W. Richards, the Rev.
Father Kennn. nnd W. T. Jeter, to accom
pany tha redwood commlBBlonern to the
forestH to show them tho acrou that havo
been selected nnd uncertain if thtiy meet
with dillcliii npprov.il. ¦
Chairmnn Reid nald that tho club hoped
In tho near future to huy tho entlro forest
of 14,000 nercn with money raised by pop
ular mibHcrlptlon. Hm atat<>d that Super
viHor Hotalliitf nnd others had come for
ward nnd offor9.1 to donate aumi of $1000
toward tho good causo,
Baron D. 1 von Bergen, secretary of the
German Legation at Peking, arrived here
yesterday from the Orient. He is on his
way to Berlin to receive instructions be
fore leaving for Rome, where he has been
appointed secretary of the legation.
Baron vo^Bergen says that the war in
China has resulted in cementing the
friendship between this country and Ger
many. ' ' ¦ • .. •
"During the siege," said he," "the Ameri
can Legation was in bad . straits. The
building! was. surrounded with howling
mobs of Chinese and the Americans wera
very, short of soldiers. We assisted them
with ¦ our men whenever we could. We
used to send over, a detail of. ten men
when practical. This may. seem a. small
number to you, but I can tell you that ten
armed white men form, a small army in
the eyes of the Chinese. " ,
- ','T think that. the. indemnity 'claims will
be settled soon and that everybody dam
aged by the war -will- be . reimbursed. I
am. on my way back - to Germany, and
from there I go to Rome, where I shall be
secretary ¦ of the German - Legation. The
appointment was a pleasant . surprise to
me. "I. look upon it as a recognition of my
services." • ; ¦.. -¦ ,
Settled.
He Believes That Indemnity
"/ Claims Will Be Soon
Baron Von Bergen Talks
on Chinese
GERMANS STILL
OUR FRIENDS
INCBEASES THE BOND
TO PROTECT THE MINE
Montana Ore Purchasing Company
Takes Action 'and Another Cor
i"; pbration .Will Object.
HELENA, Mont., May 10.— The Montana
Ore Purchasing Company to-day " offered,
the additional bond of $350,000. required of.
it to ' protect -the Boston arid -Montana
Company, in ; the suit involving the Penn
sylvania mine. , The bond : Is ¦ furnished
through :the Delaware Surety Company.
The Boston and Montana Company has,
given' notice that lit will take an excep
tion in case ; the bond is approved, claim
ing' the surety ." company ¦ was organized
merely to meet the emergency, .
' YOKOHAMA, April 24.— Since the back
dcwii of Russia, by which she has lost
immensely in her prestige in the- Orient,
matters have I resumed their normal
course, though Japan's' distrust of the
northern power still remains I in as full
force as ever, and tho nation does not in
the least relax its vigilance in watching
every move of the Muscovite.
The- latter, temporarily foiled, in the
Chinese. game, is now engaged in machi
nations in Korea, using France as the in
strument of his designs, and the Japan
ese do not fall to detect the significance
of .what is called the French loan to the
Korean Government, St being merely a
strengthening of Russia's influence in
the peninsula.'
This system of encroachment, Judging
from the temper of the native press here,
will not long be borne by Japan and some
day in . tho not distant future war will
come like a bolt from - the blue. None
save those who have long resided in Japan
can form any conception of the strength
of the national sentiment regarding Ko
rea. The people here have been taught
for centuries that the destinies of the two
countries are indissolubly united and the
conviction of this Is not only Ineradicable
but has become part' and parcel of the
patriotic enthusiasm which Is the nation's
life. '
Moreover, the tide of emigration has
flowed In largo volume to tho peninsula,
which is recognized as the only field In
view. of the growing restrictions upon the
Influx of Asiatics In the West. Japan has
now a population of 45.000,000 upon a sur
face less than that of the Atlantic States
of America, and, it being a mass of moun
tains; only one-twelfth, of the soil is
arable. Korea, therefore, becomes an ab
solute necessity In the near future as a
field for emigration, apart from the fact
that its > possession by Russia would be
recognized as a t mortal menace to the
Island Empire. It may ; therefore be im
agined that this nation's patience is liable
at any moment to, be exhausted by Rus
sia's diplomatic policy. -
Operations of Russia in
Korea May Cause
JAPAN WATCHES
THE MUSCOVITE
Cowboy Preacher Gets Drunk.
] J. R. Rice, who is known in Oakland as
the cowboy:, preacher, was arrested ; at
i 'Jackson and Kearny streets Thursday
! afternoon while helplessly drunk. When
r he appeared before Judge ¦ Mogan yester
day he expressed his sorrow, for falling
from grace -and said It had been the first
time he had so far forgotten himself. Tho
case was' dismissed. -.. .
Want Polk Street Repaved.
The Polk-street property owners ap
peared before the Supervisors' ! Finance
Committee Thursday with a petition that
the sum of $10,500 be appropriated to re
pave Polk street from Sutter to Jackson
with bitumen. Captain Bradbury. .TV C.
Quinn and M. Lent made a plea for the
improvement, but no action was taken.
The committee decided to recommend that
S'2000 be set aside to print the monthly
bulletin of the Board of Health. James
CoFgrave asked that $30,000 be appropri
ated for public printing.
The Twenty-ninth Infantry, a regiment
possessing a fine record, was mustered out
of the service of Uncle Sam yesterday af
ternoon at the Presidio, and the ex-boys
In blue made the welkin ring with their
cheers as they were handed their finals.
Th pay corps attached to the Depart
ment of California, as well as the forces
of clerks connected with the mustering
out office at the Presidio, have reduced
the work of mustering out the regiments
to a science. Within six hours a regiment
that required weeks to organize is dis
missed from the service, and to do this
requires the payment or thousands of dol
lars to impatient soldiers, and the hand
ling of muster rolls containing the names
of several hundred men.
The' men of the Twenty-ninth were a
saving lot, many of them receiving $500 as
final payment. Th--»y*£iffered in no way
from the soldiers discharged beforethem.
As soon as they were paid off they pro
ceeded to purchase of photographers and
dealers, in trinkets al! sorts of souvenirs.
Rumors were rife concerning the pres
ence in the camp of a number of civilians
dressed in soldiers' clothes who were mak
ing every effort to separate the men from
their hard-earned cash. Several of them
were detected and thrown out pt the camp
with scant ceremony and considerable
force. Stories of soldiers found on the
hillsides drugged and robbed were told,
but could not be traced to any reliable
sources. •
Colonel E. ! E. Hardin was presented'
with* a beautiful gold and silver loving
cup last night by the officers of the Twen
ty-ninth. The presentation was made by
Captain Wilcoxson in the colonel's apart
ments at the Occidental Hotel.
Colonel Hardin was taken completely by
HE DII> NOT ABSTRACT
THE PROMISSOBY NOTE
Saloon-Keeper Cleared of Serious Al-
legation Made in Justices' Court
Complaint.
Justice of the Peace Daniels gave a
Judgment yesterday in favor of Henry
Collins, the well-known saloon-keeper,
who was sued by Martin Floegel for J^oO
balance duo on a promissory note. Floe
gel alleged in his complaint that Collins
had signed tho note, which was thereupon
deposited in a safe in Otto Norman's cafe
on Bush street, Jn which Collins was a
part owner. Floegel accused Collins of
having abstracted tho note from tne safe,
but Judge Daniels ruled that there was
no evidence to bear out the charge. 4
The most Interesting testimony was that
given bv Otto Norman, who tells of how
Collins became his partner, in the con
cern. An advertisement was inserted in
the papers stating that a* cashier was
wanted for tho saloon. I Floegel responded
and was given tho place at $30 per month,
after puttinjr up $450 In cash as an in
demnity bond, for .which Collins gave him
his personal note. . Tho money was used
as partnership funds by the firm, which
paid Floe0cl bac,k • $300 .of tho money,
charging the payment to Collins* account.
A new note was drawn, but Norman could
not swear that it was inclosed in the
bankbook. which Floegel was accustomed
to deposit in the safe. •¦
Eighty recruits, assigned to infantry
and artillery companies on duty at Fort
Flagler, "Wash., will sail on the "Warren
on the 13th inst. Lieutenant Brower will
have charge of the detachment. Two hun
dred recruits assigned to the Twenty
eighth Infantry, stationed at Vancouver.
Barracks, • and forty recruits for Fort
Stephens, Or., will proceed to their des
tinations by rail on the same date. This
detachment will be under, the charge of
Captain Peter T.' Rlley and Lieutenant
Paul. Barry.
The trial of Corporal Owen Davis is still
in progress at the Presidio. But liftle evi
dence of a convincing character has been
offered | by the prostcution. The testi
mony for the defense has been ample and
was furnished by General Evan Miles.
Colonel Lockett, Captains Hardin and
Crawford of the army, . Police Captain
Wittman and the , police officers on duty
near the Presidio.- It is not expected the
trial will be concluded for several days
yet. ; . -¦
surprise, having received no Intimation
that hla officers had been planning 1 such u
handsome token of their esteem and af
fection.: Ho was greatly overcome, but ac
cepted the tribute to his soldierly and
manly qualities with a few words and a
hearty hand-shake all around.
The cup is a handsome affair, standing
two feet in height. The names of the
donors, seventeen in all are engraved on
the side, under a neat little explanation of
the causo of the gift. The regiment was
recruited in the South and the officers all
hail from that section of the country.
Pacific Parlor's Banquet.
Th<» annual bancuet of Pacific Parlor,
Is\ S. G. W., was given in the California
Hotel Thursday night. There were pres
ent many members of the parlor and a
number of the grand officers, who were
the special guests of the host parlor. After
the supper Holland -Roche, introduced
President John F. Cannon, who wel
comed the visiting grand officers and pre
sided as toastmaster. Those who re
sponded to the toasts were: Prank L.
Coombs, grand president, "Our Order";
L. JT. Bylnpton, first vice president, "The
Grand Parlor"; D. A. Ryan, "Pacific Par
lor"; C. E. McLaughlin, grand orator,
"The Northern Lights of the Order";
Henry Lunsteat, "The Native Daugh
ters"; Grand Treasurer Henry Martin,
"The Heavy-weights"; S. V. Costello,
"Fraternity"; S. A. D. Jones, "The Bar
rel Club"; John Greany, "Razoo." There
were also responses by Grand Trustees
J. Ij. Gallagher and Charles H. Boxtbn,
E. J. Lynch, Judge Cabaniss, Leonard
Stone, T. Lunstedt, D. L. Fitzgerald,
C. J. Hegerty and George G. Fraser. The
affair was under the direction of R. M.
Roche. Paul Schoenwald. A. F. Williams,
Samuel Dixon, George G. Fraser and A.
McKay.
TWENTY-NINTH REGIMENT
IS OUT OF THE SERVICE
OIL COMPANIES ORGANIZE
j A MUTUAL ASSOCIATION
Counties to Be Extensively
Advertised.
Districts In Fresno nnd San Benlto
Many of the oil companies located In
Preino and Han Ucnlto countlen wero rep
resented nt o iih Him: held lawt evening In
tin- nfi-t niiily room nf tti<> Mill* bulldlnrr
Tim mretliiK was for tho purpono of ef
fivtlnK an annoclatlon to further thn
niutuul IntereHtH of the oil men. Tho otll
ciTN elected woro: Dr. C. T. l)»«nn, pre«l
iNnl; Ntitlinn JIIIhi, vli'i« jircHldf lit I J. II.
llurn, in-nKurcr, and K. L. Davlx, si-cre-
It wnn decided to call the orRantaatton
"Thf* Krrnno and Bun Benlto OH District
Akki.HhUihi." nil ¦¦Mtiipiiiil'H operntinK in
tho two roumlcii belnjf cIIkM'Io for mem
bership. It w«» reported at the meeting
that more than 3 f >0 companies were locat
ed In the two counties"' and that two
thirds nf tho number were cngaRed In ne
ttvo work. The pri^ildent wo* cmiKjwered
tn appoint an advisory board, to consist
of live member!", tho selection of tho
president to be announced at the mooting
next week.
It wa« decided to Inaugurate a plaji
of extensive advertising of the well* xitu
nted In the two counties and arrange
ments wore made for the publication of
considerable data as to the resources of
the oil fields.
Volunteers Leave Uncle Sam's Army With Fine
Record — Davis Court-Martial in Session.
t— -^X-JUDGE JOHN HENRY
BOALT, best known to the Call
" fornta bar as a member of the
former law firm of Garber, Boalt
& Bishop, -died yesterday at his
summer residence near Cloverdale. Judge
Boalt had not enKapcd In tho practice ot
his profession elnco his retirement from
the nrm In 1802. and for tho past few
years has been an invalid. A month apo
ho was taken to tho country In the hope
that tho change- would ho beneficial to hla
health, but for the past few days tho nuf
ferer sank rapidly tll( v tho end came.
Judiro Boalt wan born In Norwalk. Ohio,
In 1S37. After complotlnsc tho course at
Amhemt CoIIcro ho pursued praduato
HtudlfH In mlnliiK eiiRlneiTlnff In Germany
for throe yonrn. To thlH rltrld training
ho nftnrward a(,trlbutoil hl« upeelal iuc
c<<HH iih an advocate In cneea Involving
mlnlnff law and operations.
Served Through Civil War.
Whllo younK Hoalt wnn In Germany tha
Civil War hrokft out In tho United BtnteN
iiikI In- hiiHti'in'il linino to i'iiIIhi lit tha
Union nnny. Mo wnn cominlmtlonml llfiu
irnnnt In tho ICInventli Ohio Cavalry. Ho
Ktrvi'il tliroiiKhout tho wnr. After tho
ccditnllon of hoHtllltlPH h« Joined, th«
thronu of fortunt-iM'rUerH attracted wo«t
ward by the *torlen nt tho fivhulnim wealth
of thf* Comntook lode In Nevndn. I'ur a
timo hn oniritKcd pr«>iltitl»ly In mlnlnw, but,
wiik noon drawn Into tho U'Bal profftsslon,
111 which he rapidly attained prnmliutnep.
Whrn Jtidnre Ilcattv, now Chief Jtiatlco
of the California Hupromo Court, left
Novndn to romo to thin Htato In 1870 .luditn
Hoalt wn« irlven hln plnc»» on the Novndiv
bench. Ho completed hid term ni» JudKO
and then In 1871 camo to San Frnnclsco
and Hturtrd tho law nrm of EltM & Bonlt,
in which ho wan n jiartncr until 1884. He
then took a vacation of two yearn, travel-
Ing In" Europe with his family.
Elect Officers and Discuss Advisabil
ity of Sending Delegate to Na
tional Convention.
Tho rfculnr annual meetlnR of th« flan
PVmndsee <'rodit M«-n'» AshoHjuIiw was
lirld s'fiitrrdny nftrrnoon In th« roomn of
(ho Jlonrd 0( Trade. Tho jrportK which
were rerHvrcl fn«n the nirnldfnl. trrnn
> • ¦ i And > • ¦••" in! > ' ii"wi il Unit during the
1'imt venr ihi« HKHix'lHlInu hnn nci'om
j>!li«li«-<i rniiPlrtmiblt' for the niwllnrntlon
of trade mtirtlllrtnu. The itMnrlittlon h«H
nuceeoded In inducinB <« jnrut uumbrr of
ih«- rountry mrrrhant* to dc»OHt from
prniiinir enr-ck* on thrir lornJ hnnknrii In
piiyrmnt f<T thHr jiurrhnno*. Whrn mirh
<'l'.erki« urc writ thf lornl mcrrhnniH are
fun f <l t tS pay tho rxrhntiRr. which In Iho
ttiiHVKntn nmoiiiitK ti> ii cuiiKlrtrrnblo *um.
A mrrtlnjr of tho Nntlonnl Credit Mi'n'n
JVMMirlnlliin will bo held nt IJuffnlo on
June ('.. nml thf »i«1vlK:iblllty of rennlnff a
<lr|f£nt<» will fnvornhly rii*rur»f<1. A
liimid nt dirrrtorn wnn • lfMtrrl n« follnwK:
<JforKO B. Novln of Nnthun, Dohrmnnn
A Co., V. V. Nelson of the Dairyman'*
Vnlon. H. N. Carson of tin- Carson Glove
Cnmpany, <»• Uronncr of Hrrnncr, I'Umnn
to Cn.. C. J. l^Hptn «.'f 3. A. FnlBir &"C»V.
AV. T. Hollinp of Tlllmnn & Hcndol. C.
P. Arnnfon of tho Anplo-Atncrlfan Crock
fry and Glassware Company, H. H. Van
F;i:it of RrrtJnKtnn & Oo.. C. 8. Bonostell
of Bnnontrll Hi Co., J. J. R'Miult* of HnaB
Hrothorf. William M. McClonkcy of MI1
lf-r. Gloss & Scott. II. P. Oapcll of M. J.
Brandcnstein & Co.. W. Swartley of Hoi
brook. Morrlll & Stetson and Sanford Ben
nett of Dunham. Carrlgan & Hayden.
CREDIT MEN CONVENE
IN ANNUAL SESSION
Liabilities— Capital t>aid Jn coin. 1748.902 80.
reserve fund and profit and loss. $265,262 87; due
depoFitorF, tl,o20,lf.3 24; due banks and bankers,
J16.?10 4S: State, county or city money. $1156 87;
Other liabilities. $46,8S7€0; total, 12,599,129 97.
KeEOUrces — Bank premises, J52,292 86: other
rf-al estate, $204,220 6S: stocks and bends. 1205,
75ST4; loans on real estate, J569.227 63; loans on
stocks, bond? and •warrants, $G3.5o6 M: loans on
<-.th«r seeuritle*. $23.312 54: loans on personal »e
eurity. including overdrafts. $SS2.134 84; money
on hard, SiJO.SCT fS; due from banks and bank
ers, $CC1 CS1 11 : furniture, fixtures, expenses,
taxes an4 other assets, 5124,576 41; total,
52.i)99,129 97.
The State Bank Commissioners make
the following statement of the financial
condition of the eighteen private banks
In this citv:
Condition of Private Banks.
The Veteran Firemen's Association of
San Francisco held its monthly meeting
in Exempt Fire Company Hall on Wednes
day night. It was resolved to assemble at
the Exempt ajid Volunteer Firemen'a
plat. Laurel Hill Cemetery, where the re
mainf of Chiefs F. E. R. W r hitnev aud
David Scann^il, as well as those of other
officers, are interred, on May 30 and dec
nrate their graves with flowers. Judge
Robert Ferral will deliver an oration.
Veteran Firemen Meet.
The Pacific States Floral Congress con
venes at the Academy of Sciences building
May 14, 15 and 16. and promises to do
much for the advancement of the art of
ornamental horticulture. On May 16. 17
and IS the California State Floral Society
will hold its annual flower show in the
nave of the ferry building.
Flower Show in Ferry Building.
Major II. P. Bush, recently elected com
manding oUlcer of the artillery battalion,
assumed formal command of that organ
ization last night in the Ellis street arm
ory. • A large number of ladies and ,their
escorts who had been invited to witness
the ceremony were present and joined in
a dance after the dismissal of the four
batteries. At 8:3J o'clock the four bat
teries were formed in a hollow square in
the main hall, in the center of which
stood Major General Dickinson, Captain
Nerney of the naval militia, Colonel
Miles. Colonel Evans, Lieutenant Colonels
Barrere, Stanley and Hosmer, Major
Schmitt and Captain D. Albert Smith, the
new commander, Major Bush, and Cap
tain Cunningham, who had been acting
commander from the formation until last
night. The division commander in a few
vords called the attention of the officers
and men to the new branch of the service
they had entered and declared that no na
tional guard can be complete without ar
tillery. He paid a high compliment to
Major Bush for his military service and
advised the officers and men to follow his
Instructions Implicitly to the end that the
new organization shall become one of- the
bright constituent parts of the guard
of California. He then presented the com
mission to Major Bush, who made a brief
reply, promising to do his best to make
his command one that the citizens shall
be proud of. Order No. 3, in which the
new commander announced that he as
sumed the command, was read, as was
also the appointment of the following
named: Sergeant Claire F. Kncrr, ser
geant major; Setgeant Charles D. Cook,
quartermaster sergeant: F. A. Taggard,
commissary sergeant; George K. Moore,
electrician Bergeant, and Albert Ander
8cn, color sergeant. There was also read
an order that the battalion report on
Tuesday next for parade at tho reception
o; President MeKlnley.
After tho dltimlpgal of the butteries
there was dancing, which was kept up un
ll! midnight.
With tho ceremony of lnnt night termin
ated the services of Companies C nml G
of the National* which for bo many yearn
wore the white Insignia of the infantry.
Thn whlto him given wny to the red unrt
Contain Le HriMon. one of tho olrt-tlmo
retired cnptalnH of tho National*, re
marked that everything haH now a roae
lilfc hue.
Major Bush Assumes Com
mand of Battalion of Sea
Coast Defense.
Passing of the Nationals
of Ellis Street
Armory. \
FROM INFANTRY
TO ARTILLERY
The elopement of Mrs. Nellie Heilig.
v.ife of the Postmaster at New Braunfels,
Tex., with J. B. Pratt, a school teacher.
has come to an unromantic encl. They
were arrested here last Saturday night by
Dctective Whittakcr while leaving the
Langham Hotel. They had made arrange
ments to leave for Australia by the steam
er Sierra, which sailed last Thursday.
Yesterday Attorney August Aitgelt. who
had been sworn in as a deputy sheriff, ar
rived here from Texas and called upon
Captain Seymour. He afterward had a
conversation with the eloping couple at
the City Prison. He was satisfied that
Pratt would be shot if he was taken back
to Texas, and sueffested that if the couple
would pay the J1000 belonging to the wom
en's husband which they took away with
them they could go about their business.
Heilig has instituted a suit for divorce
against his wife and Alteelt, and she
would be required to sign the citation for
her appearnoe. She would in addition be
required to renounce all claim to her four
children, the oldest being 6 years and the
youngest a baby 10 months old.
The couple readily agreed to the condi
tions, and Pratt gave Altgelt an order
through the British Consul for £100 to be
collected .from an estate in Kngland to
which he is heir but in which his mother
has a life interest. The money found
upon Pratt when arrested, amounting to
J5M, was also handed over to Altgelt.
When Captain Seymour learned of the
arrangements! he gave orders that the
prisoners be discharged from custody and
turned over to Attorney Altgelt. Sey
mour refused 10 be a party to the com
pounding of a felony, Pratt and Mrs.
Heilig having been charged with grand
larceny for stealing the money. All the
documents wore signed and Pratt and
Mrs. Heilig loft the prison, a friend of
Mrs. Hrllig Hc~ompanying them. Altgelt
expr^sst-d the opinion that Pratt would
soon desert the woman and leave her to
her own resources. Altgelt gave her 110
and Pratt 15, m that she would havo
something to etart life with. There was a
reward efforod of t^Kt for their capture,
pnrt IVtecTlve Wlilttakcr will get it. Pratt
j* said to bo a j:raduatc» of Oxford I'nlvnr
flty. Kngland, and a man of eupcrlor edu
cation.
Accept Conditions Imposed
on Them and Refund
Stolen Money.
J. B. Pratt" and Mrs.
Heilig of Texas Now
at Liberty.
POLICE RELEASE
ELOPING COUPLE
FAMOUS JURIST GOES
TO HIS FINAL REWARD
Ex-Judge John H. Boalt Claimed by Death After
a Long Career of Honor and Usefulness*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 11, 1901.
11
I ALWAYS RtAPY
I Hi I if II You turn a valve right under your hand on the front
\ W 'I 11 f of a WICKLESS BLUE FLAME OIL STOVE
III a&<^ y°° avc * ot rc at 0QCC (¦ yrl^ i *^ e I* eat concentrated
III in the cooking). The smaller sizes are handy for light house* >
i III keeping, summer cottages or camps, laundries, etc.
(l are made in many sizes, with ovens and all conveniences,
wl Sold everywhere. If your dealer does not have them, write
; M to. the nearest agency, of; vj"
AlM ' STANDARD OIL COMPANY
; . •* ., , ADVERTISEMENTS. _^
| The Most Important Period in a
§ Woman's Existence.— Mrs. John-
son Tells How She Was Helped
Over the Trying Time.
. » .
* Owing 1 to modern methods of living 1 , not one woman in a thousand ap-
proaches this perfectly natural change without experiencing a train of very
annoying,* and sometimes painful symptoms.
Those dreadful hot flashes, sending the blood surging to the heart until it
seems ready to burst, and the faint feeling that follows, sometimes with chills,
as if the heart' were going to stop for good, are only a few of the symptoms of
a dangerous nervous trouble. The nerves are crying but for assistance. The
cry should bo heeded in time. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound was
prepared to meet the needn of woman's system at this trying period of her life.
The three following letters are guaranteed to be genuine and true, and
still further provo what a great medicine Lydia E. Pinkham'* Vegetable
Compound Is (or women.
Mar. 13, 1807.
" Dear Mns. Piniuiam :— I have been sick for a long time. I was taken
sick with flooding. All my trouble seemed to be in tho womb. I ache all tho
timo at the lower part of tho womb. Tho doctor eays tho womb is covered
with ulcers. I suffer with a pain on the left side of my back over the kidney.
I am fifty years old and passing through the change of life. Please advlte me
what to do to get relief. Would llko to hear from you as soon as possible. 1 *—
Man. CitAHi.orrK Johnhon 1 , Monclova, Ohio. C
Jan. 23, 1808.
11 1 havo been taking your remedies, and think they have helped me a great
deal, I had- been in bed for ten weeks when I began taking your .Vegetablo
Compound, but aftor uiing it for a short timo I wad able to do up around the
houfle. The aching in the lower part of womb has lef b me. .Tne most that
troubles me sow is the flowing. -That is not so bad, but still thoro Is a little
•very duy, I am not discouraged yot, and Ahull continue with your medicine,
(or I believe it will euro me."— Ainu. Cuarlotte Johnson, Monclova.Ohlo.
April 13, 1000.
" I send you this letter *,o publish for the benefit of others. I was sick for
about nlno years so that I could not do my work. For thrco months I could
not sit up long enough to huvo my bed mado. I had live different doctors, and
all said there wan no help for me. My trouble was change of life. I suffered
with ulceration ot tho womb, pain in sides, kidney and stomach trouble, back*
ache, headacho, and dizziness. • I am well and strong, and feel llko a new
person. Mv recovery is a perfect surprlso to everybody that knew me. I owe
all to Lydia 10. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. I would not do without
your medicine for anything. There is no need of women suffering so much if
they would take your remedies, for they are a sure cure." — Mrs. Chablottk
Johnson, Monclova, Ohio.
When one stops to think about the good Mrs. Johnson derived from Mrs.
Pinkham's advice and medicine, it seems almost beyond belief; yet it is all
true as stated in her three letters published above at her own request.
As a matter of positive fact. Mrs. Pinkham has on file thousands of
letters from women who have been safely carried through that danger period
"Change of Life." Mrs. Johnson's cure is not an unusual one for Mrs. Pink-
ham's medicine to accomplish. •
I ApAAA REWARD. —We ham deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, $5000, I
I V I* 1 1 1 1 *hlch *M1 b« P&ld to any person who can tlmi that tho above testimonial letters I
I -ft. 1 1 Bl 3 1 1 are not genuine, or weie published before obtaining the writer's special per- I
I |pU VVU mission. JL.YDLA K. PIXKHAM MEDICLNE CO. I
IT MADE HIS HAIR CURL
When he saw the result of experimenting
with other laundries— poor, uneven finish, •
frayed edges and saw edge collars were
his lot. ,
Now his work comes to us. and*hls tem-
per is as unruffled as a child's, because
our work is always right, always satis-
factory—Just the kind you -want.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O, '
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
ll£2#Sr^ AME shape iPKi-*£8|
W$Mms^ TWO QUALITIES V»*O»*I
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT aid DYSPEPSIA,
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
.jffi^OEWEY.STRONG &C0.^f?gX
(i. J)
\£Trtf*T>*" IT— IfMOH ""'"""'L
A delicious drinK /jJestX
and a perfect food (CEREAU
combined. \ Coffee y
Made from selected California
figs, prunes and sound, well
ripened grain, and is absolutely free from any^
artificial matter.
Looks like coffee. Tastes like coffee. But—
! there is not a grain of coffee in it. /
§ 5^l/o \ BoiI from to 1O minutes only.:
f Fruit 1
I j* S o/ J ALL GROCERS SELL
\^^/ Figprune Cereal.
n "i Niii'"iiiiiiiip..iiiiiii '¦¦^•^••¦ |l^^^^^^ s^-* ¦ __*.
NETVV TORK, .May 10.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet," shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week'end
ed Friday, with the . percentage oA* Increase
and decrease as compared with the corrcs ond
ing week last year: '¦V^.*,,'; '.:-.' .-
Percenl ige
CITIES. • Clearances. Inc.- '•> Dec.
New York ?2,601,385,36S : 159.2 '". ' '
"Boston: .171,244.281) 42.9 ' ""
Chicago ............ 162,280,745 lo.l , . '
Philadelphia , 112,ns9.082 32.2 , v ..""
St. IxjuIs ' ¦'. 5"5,924.5J4 . 6S.f> j l
Plttsburs 43.54S.724 22.6 •«-.'"
Baltimore 24,943,324 T 3.3 '?.:..'
fian Francisco :..". ¦ 2i. 438,5 !0 20.4 ; .i." • •
Cincinnati ..;.: 21,021,300 v§A i'"
Kansas City .;.... 18 974.076 " ".-"23.7 i -
New .'Orleans ...... 12.070.S99 "". 51.4 [-;'"
Minneapolis ....... 11.061, RSO ....)'..:
Detroit/. I..... . ,; 10,707,879 . 33.2 i v ...i
Cleveland .......... 12.132.C30 20. <
* — ' — T^ T~ T^ 1 7*
CHICAGO, Hay 10.— July wheat opened un
changed to %c higher at 71%. to 71%c, local peo^
I pie buying because- of steady j cables, light
Northwest receipts and a calmer, feeling over the
Wall-street, situation: Snow's report, claiming
previous high conditions to ftave , been well
.maintained, struck the pit crowd as distinctly
.bearish and, under the unloading process, the
"market worked off to 70%c during the forenoon.
The - market,' which had been , fairly active,
ruled .dull for a time until reports of export
sale3 alarmed a few shorts, who, in. an effort
to cover, bid the market back to "iV&c The
close was steady, %c lower at 71%. - •-
Corn prices received a rather severe drubbing
as the day's news was scarcely reassuring. The
chief factor .was in the Illinois crop" report,
which claimed that 83,100.000 bushels ot corn
still remained. In farmers' hands, .this being
15,000,000 bushels more tnan was held May 1 a
year ago. An Influential trader dumped 2,000,000
bushels of July Into ihe - pit. f The bull leader
furnished about the only defense the price had
and probably checked' a, greater decline- than
actually took place. July closed %@%c under
yesterday, at 44%@<5c. May closed l^c lower
at 61V6c. : . .. . * . " ,
- Oats were . moderately active, but featureless
July closed Vic down at £7?»c.' > '
/Provisions were dull and the price range
narrow. ; July pork closed 7>jc higher. Lard
and ribs 6c. better. ' ¦ . -
¦¦ The leading futures ranged as follows: ¦¦
¦ Articles— . . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May ..•.;.'... 711V 7U4 70% 71
July .71% 71% 70%. . "71&
¦ Corn No/ 2 —
May..::............. 52^4 52% 51% 61%
Jvly ................ \io%, 45% 44%" -45
September 45%. .45%. 44V4 44%
• Oats ¦ No. • 2 —
May,- :.\'.'2S%; 2S% 23 . 28
July/. 27% 27% 27% 27H
September ......... 25%- 25% 24J4 25
-Mess pork, per barrel — •¦ :¦ .
May ¦....: ....11 50 14 62% 14 47% 14 *2%
July, , 14 65' 14 80 ."¦ 14 50- 14 77%
September ..........14 43 . 14 60 14 45 "14 60
3 Lard, "per ICO pounds— • > '
May .".7 92% .7 95 ' 7 87% -7 95
July .... ...'....: 7 87% 7 92%. 782% .792%
September Y...-7 87% 7 92% 7 85 7 92%
Short ribs, ; per 100 pounds —
May ......:.."....,.. 8 00 8 02% • 7 95 . -. 8 02%
July'..: ........ :.7 82% . 7 87% .7 73 7 87%
September ...'.. ....'7 SO 7,82% > 7 72%:. 7 82%
'. Cash quotations" were as : follows: 'Flour,
easy; No. 3; spring wheat, 66i@71c;" No". '2 red,
73@74c; • No. ¦•.*¦ 2 -corn, 51%@52c: f No. r :. 2
yellow.- 51%«?52e:' No. 2 oats. - "28%ffj>
2S?4c; No. 2 white, ' 28%@28%c; ' No. 3 white,
29' 4t?J30c; / No. i 2 - rye. • 51%c ; good feeding . bar
le;\« 44c; 1 falr to-choice, malttng,'50Gj5Sc; No." 1
flaxseed, , $1 68%; .'prime- timothy seed, $3 60;
mess pork, per- barrel.: $14 60@14 65; lard,- per
100 pounds, J7 92%@7 15; short ribs sides (loose),
$7 905?8 10; dry/ salted shoulders ; (boxed),- 6%@
7Mtc; short 'clear' sides i (boxed);- $S.12%@8 23;
whisky, basis of i high wines, .$1 28 ;: clover, ;con
tract grade. J9 50. - V ¦ -¦ ... * ,¦ .
'Articles-^ ' ¦ . Receipts. Shipments.:
Flour. "-. barrels -,-".. .;.......... .'.160,000 ' • •'. 20,000
Whoit. bushels V iLOOO '. • . 177.000
' NEW YORK, May 10.— R. G; Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
A, panic"-. In Wall .'street does not mean, that
legitimate business has suddenly ceased to
prosper./ Nor is the condition, of mercantile
trade and manufacture adversely affected by a
violent fall . in prices of securities. ¦ Through
out the ' entire country j fundamental conditions
¦were never so sound as at : the -. present time,
reports from nearly every city this, week show-
Ing an exceptional volume of transactions and
payments- promptly met. 1 •" -
Production is not overtaking demand at the
finished steel . mills, : and all Pittsburg plants
are two months behind " orders, while . ninety
days is the limit at many. '¦ Although the ex
pected advance in bar iron did not appear, ' the
tone continues firm, and orders are liberal.
Billets remain at the '-top. point for promptde
llvery, but reasonable terms are available on
forward * contract^. ' In structural shapes and
railway equipment there Is > all the business in
sight ' that markets desire, and no effort is
made- to secure additional orders..- Less urgency
is recorded In plgiron market, but buyers do
not find terms more satisfactory, • and in fact,
forges and foundry iron is .• rather ; more firmly
held. Although the. total number of furnaces
In blast on May 1 was, forty, smaller than on
February 1, 1900, the Iron Age estimates . the
weekly capacity at 301,125. tons, .which exceeds
all previous high-water marks. , The activity
of . steel manufacturing ; Is emphasized by the
decrease of. 24, 729 tons in furnace stocks during
April; despite the unparalleled production.
¦ Lees sensational events transpired : In' > the
cereal ¦ markets than' In • the I preceding week,
although quotations ' are slow to recede. ' Corn
eased off a few cents, but is still about 10c a
bushel or nearly 25 per cent above the quota
tions at the corresponding date ; In . the two pre
ceding years. Western operators continue ¦; to
entertain strong views and appear little daunt
ed by . the , larger receipts attracted to interior
cities by the • unusually > profitable prices of
fered.' -For the ' week arrivals r aggregated
3,247,094 bushels, ¦• against:. 2,156,202 bushels, last
year. • Foreign ; purchasers have been . driven
out ; of the domestic, markets by the high quo
tations and Atlantic exports for the week have
been 1,211,244, bushels, compared with 3,709,880
bushels a year ago. : * . ' ' " . ' " " •
Shipments of ' boots and** shoes from Boston
rose to an ' unusual point. § aggregating . 103,228
cases for the week, against 79,371 cases in "the
previous ' week ' and . 6S.151 in : the corresponding
period i last '. year; The total movement *slnc-
January 1 is now but 30,000 • cases belowTSOf)
to date and far above any other year. ,
• Failures for the week numbered 187 In the
United' States. . against- 192. last year,- and 28
Jn Canada," against 15 last year. _ ¦
Chicago Grain Market.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. May 10.-/ Rapid progress was
ma'Io In re-establishing confidence in Wall
Mreet to-day, and there was a natural rebound
in price*. That is to say, the fact of the re-
Ivyund was very natural after the exc:ting
times yesterday, but the rtiige of the recovery
*i.s surprising. Large progress was made
to'vjird wiping cat the net losses which re
mained last r.is:ht after the recovery had al
ready set in on the exchange. In a numUr of
stocks which were not acutely affected yester
day to-Uay's price rose above Wednesday's
< losing level and 4n Missouri Pacific yester
ilcy't; net Ioes was recovered with 3 points to
tsj-art.-, the extreme advance reach-Ing 15 points.
ThPi-e was a good deal of trepidation still evi
d< v.l this njornlng, owing to th: vague dread
thut there might be exchange huuses which
w.,iild h" unable to meet their obligations after
v^-et^rday's •irattic t-xperiem-e. The market
KM, therefore, unsettled and feverish, even
alter the ftiong opening, but when the effl
<ial announcement was made that the clearing
sh-*-ts or all the members of the Stock-Ex
< haiifie had gone through the Stock Exchange
<|paring-hour-e perfectly and that all their
< lift ks had been honored a feeling of relief
v as manifested and steadily grew throughout
"no day. During the latter part of th» day
ihrr.-- was a resumption of what looked like a
speculative raovcir.enl for the rise led by
• nfon Pacific. The buoyancy of this stock and
the acccn-.pan\ ing strength of the Southwest-
ems was bastd upon rumors and assumptions
• •!' the benefits to accrue to L'nlon Pacific from
a change in control of Northern Pacific, which
was fctiil stoutly claimed by the Union Pacific
j.srty. Undoubtedly there were very many
Speculative losers of treat resources in the
collapse of Thursday who retained their nerve
and deteimlnation and who set about 1 to re
coup themselves by new speculation on the
market. Other buyers were those who had
£<.Uen out early in yesterday's clump and
¦who still saw a profit in getting back at the
lrticcK nilins to-<lay. The bargain hunters
wen bIro on hand in considerable force and
tlwe were many cash transactions, both in
bonds and stocks representing the purchases.
This outcome of affairs was pretty well ap-
Furtd when the news was learned this mcrn
ing of the settlement effected with the shorts
in Nortl<--rn TaciHc on the basis of $150 per
share. This renvned the overshadowing fear
from tlie market and the quotations for North
ern Pacific on the tape at 1S0 still further al
layed the apprehension. The stock sold at 209
for cash afterward, but thn progress it the
sett'.ement with the shorts at the offices or the
conflicting interests in Norhern Pacific pre
ferred rrevented any further disturbance en
that ground. The measures taken . by the
baajn, which placed heavy loans in th« mar
ket yesterday and their decision not to call
the loans to-day, completed . the tranquili'Ing
influence s. The ¦ market closed strong at th*
t"p. «lth a feelin? of relief over to-morrow's
holiday. The gain extended in I'nion Pacific
.to 22. St.. Paul and Lack* wanna 17Va. Consoli
<!at«! Gas ]C. Burlington and Amalgamated
.«.'(jjn*r 12U. Internaiicnal Power HVi. Balti
-inore and Ohio 1L St. Louis Southwestern pre
ferred 1CU, Sugar, Delaware and Hudson and
General Eleotric 10, and - representatives of
prsrticaliy all tbe Important groups from 5
to 10.
Bonds which were weakest yesterday showed
•some ti I<3e recoveries, but others were weak.
Total 'sales, par value. J5.930.C00. United States
new 4s declined li »>er cent en the last call.
REVIEW OF THE WEEK.
Wall street's speculative bubble, which has.
!>»>*n In course. ©f inflation for weeks, was
pricked this week- and- the Iridescent hues
"of Block gamblers' winnings dlsappaared with
» poi in a cloud of *pray. Even. so soon as
this. .the fiu-t emerges that the vanishing spray
represents principally these speculative wln
ntoK*. r.hlle the solid substratum of the coun
try's profitable industries, the high earning
jxitrc-rs <¦{ tfcft r*-!mbilf«ftted railroads and - the
truci»trcuE uvjiir.eMi £-i3 trade in a.'I branches
Exchange and. Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight...: — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 83%
New York Exchange, sight - — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — , 12%
Silver, per ounce — 69«4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49'.4 @ 50
Wheat and Other Grains.
• WHEAT— Yesterday was another dull day
everywhere, and news was scarce. The French
markets were lower. A cable from Southern
Russia "reported the crop outlook there unfavor
able, owing to damage by insects.
Chicago opened steady 1 , but weakened off on
free selling by local traders and the weakness
of the coarse grains. The crowd was bearish
and there were few buying orders. The Cud
ahy brokers sold freely. Minneapolis expected
an increase in stocks for. the week of 350,000
bushels. ¦ ¦'" ¦ ¦
This - market ehowed no change worthy of
°°Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1@1 01%: milling.
il03%@106 «CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 etis. $104%. ; . ¦- : \
¦ Second . Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 14, COO
Ctls, U 04%. May-2000, 99%C. » -
Afternoon Session— Decembeiv-4000 ctls, $1 04%..
BARLEY— The ' market continues neglected
and without feature.' . ¦ . -
Feed. SOc for No.' land 77%c for oft grades;
Brewing and Shipping grades. 82Va@87%c; Chev
alier, nominal. . . :.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal 9:15 o'clock — December— 4000
ctls,- 73c. ' ¦¦ • .-:-,..
Second . Session— No sales. , ¦
Regular Morning Session— December— 4000 ctls,
73c; 14,000. : 72%c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
¦ OATS— The situation remains unchanged.
White, $1 37%@1 65; Surprise, nominal; Red.
Jl 35@1 45; Black. $1 17#<gl 30 per ctl.
CORN— A small lot -of small ¦. round ' yellow
is offering- at $1 50@l 60. Eastern Yellow.
*1 27%@1 30; White. *1 35; mixed,- U 25@1 Ziy..
RY&--S0@82Hc per ctl.. • ¦ , - ¦'
. BUCKWHEAT-Is quoted at $1 65 per ctL
ex- warehouse. .. . . ...
Flour and.Millstuffs.
FLOUR-^alif ornla Family * Extras. $3 23®3 50,
usual terms: - Bakers' Extras. $3 13@3 25; Ore
gon. %2 W®2 75'per.barrel for family and $2 75@
3 for bak-ers* ;• Washington bakers', $2 75@3 :
MILLSTUFFS— Price? in sacks ¦ are as fol
lows, usual discount to -the trade: Graham
Flour. . $3 -per 100 lbs; ' Rye Flour. |2 73; Rye
Meal, J2 50; Rice <. Flour, |7; ¦ Corn Meal, 13
extra cream do. $3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hom
iny/ - J3 75@4; -Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25-
Cracked Wheat, ' $3 B0; -Farina," $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats .(barrels) is 85
©7 85; in sacks. $6@7 50; Pearl Barley, 15;
Split ¦ Peas, . $5; Green . Peas, $6 50 per 130 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
• Both Hay and Feedstuffs ;" continue very
steady ; under moderate receipts, and' prices
show ' no ' change. . \ • '¦
. BRAN-^16 50@17 per . ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 50 per ton
\ FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. |17@18 per
ton-; . Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@2t>; Jobbing
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake,% J $17«J18: -Corn Meal,
$27 50<gi28; Cracked Corn,' $28 50@29- Mixed Feed
$15(®16. - . -;,.., .'
HAY— Volunteer, $3@8; Wheat »11©13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12: Oat. $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa; $S@9 50: Barley. $7 50@9 50 per ton.
;.' STRAW— 35@47%c . per : bale.
'..!/;'. ':t Beans and SeedsJ
' Beans remain as previously quoted. There la
no' 1 especial, activity to (the market. .
; liBANS— Bai-os. 12 43©2 55: Small Whit*. U SS
: NEW YORK, May 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
7744 bbls. ; exports, 13,076 bbls. Irregular and
barely steady.-
WHEAT— Receipts, 14,250 bushels; exports,
190,984; spot," easy; No. '2 red, 82%c f. o. b.
afloat : No. 2 red, S0%c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 82%c f.i o.» b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth,' SSVfcc f. .0. b. afloat. Options broke
sharply in- the forenoon under fine crop pros
pects, fears of a bearish • Government report,
lower cables and' liquidation. After a midday
rally on export rumors and large clearances
they closed steady at %@%c net decline. May,
S0H@S0%c, closed 80^ic; July, . 77 3-16@77 15- 16c,
closed 77%c:. September, 75»i@75%, closed 75%c.
HOPS— Quiet. -~ ;
HIDES— Steady. - = .
. WOOL— Quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, firm but quiet; fair refining,
S%c; Centrifugal, 96 test, 4 9-32c. \ Molasses
sugar, 3V4c; refined, steady. / I, -
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, dull: No. 7 Invoice, 6%e;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 8*4@12%c. Futures- 1 -
Closed quiet and unchanged to 6 points higher.
Sales, 12,500 bags, Including: Hay, $5 35; 'June,
$5 35; July, $5 45; September, $5 60@5 70; Octo
ber, $5 70(35 75; December, $5 S0@5 85. , v
BUTTER— Receipts, 3110. raekages. Strong;
creamery, 15@19c; factory. ll@13c.
EGGS— Receipts, 12,231 packages. . Barely
steady; Western regular packed, 12^@13%c;
storage -Western, 13?i@14c. ' ,
"DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, May 10.— The market for evapo
rated . apples ruled quiet. -State common, -.30
4Yic; prime, 4' / 4@4?ic; choice, . 6@5^4c; fancy,
eig'G^c.
California dried fruits dull, at 3%@7c per
pound for orunes. - • _
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark, 8<4@
13c.
PEACHES-Peeled, 12V£@20c; unpeeled, 6V£@
10c. ¦ . . ¦ _¦ ; h$^v;.'i c, 1
han Francisoo data: Maximum temperature,
ES; minimum, 4S; niean. S4.
WJSATIIElt CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
FOHECAST,
The pressure has falkn«lowly along the coast
from Point Conception northward. A moderate
oV.pressirn overlies tho Sacramento and San
.J«"..-iquirt valley?. Higa temp»rattir«»B prevail in
i*h- interior of California, while relatively cool
weather with luw and dense fog prevails gener
cMy along the coast. A sprinkle of rain is re-
I'^rtcil at Los Angeles and rain is falling at
NVah Bay.
• 'enditiens continue favorable for generally
f>.ir weather over the gTeatcr portion of the
Pacific Slope,
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
h'.urs ending midnight May 11:
Northern California -Fair Saturday: contln
u<-<j warm weather in the valleys, with norther
ly v.-jnd; cool weather jn the coast with fog.
Southern California— Cloudy Saturday morn
;::p\ clearing during the -day; light westerly
wind.
Nevada — Fair Saturday; continued warm
H'ather; light northerly wind.
Ktah— Fair Saturday; warmer at night; light
Bortnerly wind.
Arizona— Fair Saturday; light northerly wind.
Sa? FranciFco and vicinity— Fair Saturday
¦mil fn& in the morning and in the afternoon;
biis:k westerly wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
NEW YORK, May 10.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say:- ¦• -.
1 Speculation on an - unparalleled scale has at
last resulted in a decline in prices of great
severity, attended by sensational developments,
although the market recovered sharply on Fri
day. . ; The corner in Northern Pacific stock and
the contest for the control : of that | property
between the Union Pacific interests, represented
by Kuhn, L&eb & Co., and- the Morgan-Hill
party was unexpected and unforeseen.' In fact,
up to last Tuesday the street was more im
pressed" by the idea that there "was an effort
on foot to obtain control of the Union Pacific
for the Vanderbilt interest and the Northwest
ern and St. Paul .systems than by the real dan
ger with' which it was confronted.- The enor
mous trading In Union Pacific shares gave point
to . this theory, but on last Monday, when the
dealings In Northern Pacific common stock rose
to nearly 400,000 shares for the day and the buy
ing assumed a concentrated -form, the presence
of some unusual factors was recognized. Even
this, with the rise of the stock to 133, • was at
first deemed to be a matter ¦ of secondary im
portance; but when Northern Pacific stock be
came scarce in' the loan crowd and the rate
for the borrowing of it was quoted flat or with
out, interest and finally at a premium, as was
the case. on Tuesday, it was then understood
that a collision between great railroad and
banking interests had taken place. ¦ The full
significance of the situation was seen when
Northern Pacific common soared to over 149 on
Tuesday and the rate at which it could be bor
rowed overnight was as hlsh as 10 per cent
from the par value, i On Wednesday the street
was In practical possession of. the fact that
the Union Pacifla Interests objected to the Bur
lington deal effected by the Morgan-Hill allies
in behalf of Great Northern and Northern Pa
cific and had requested that it be admitted to
a- one-third Interest in the transaction, and,
being refused, had proceeded to acquire the
Northern Pacific stocks to an amount sufficient
to control- the. voting power, of that company
and thus dictate- terms to the combination. On
Wednesday . there was a further advance of
Northern. Pacific to 150 and -the stock, loaned
for use as high. as 50 per. cent, and the logical
conclusion was that the Morgan-Hill ' people
were also acquiring stock; that the possession
of a control ¦ by either - was still a matter of
doubt and that the consummation of the Bur
lington purchase by-' the Great Northern and
Northern Pacific In the "form originally pro
posed might be defeated. The short Interest in'
the stock was also manifestly large . and .was
due partly to the temptation to bears to sell
the stock at Its extreme advance and partly to
the marketing of stock by foreign arbitrageurs
against purchases made In London, from which
city certificates cannot reach New York under
ten days' time. The representatives of the
rival parties naturally expressed a readiness to
make the matter easy for arbitrage houses by
lending shares flat or on reasonable terms, .but
It was otherwise with the rank and file of the
shorts, among whom the street believed some
large speculative Interests were included. -
Dangerous as the situation In -Northern Pa
cific was It became positively demoralizing to
the market on Thursday, when hopes of a set
tlement of the! complication did not bear fruit
and the price of Northern Pacific common, un
der urgent buying by bears called on ¦ to re
turn borrowed stock, forced the price to $300
per share, then to $700 and finally to as high
as $1000. Violent variations In ¦ the price en
sued, though assurance was 'given by the peo
ple -who had accumulated the stock that shorts
would be treated with consideration, and after
the close on Thursday' it was stated an agree
ment had been reached by which all parties
could settle their shorts at 150.' ..
Bradstreet' s Financial Review.
Fruit and Salmon in London.
jThe London Grocers' Gazette of April 20
esys: "Salmon— There is an Improved de
rnnnd from the country for fine quality goods,
end these being in comparatively limited sup
ply prices of the first grades appear likely
to harden. Fruits— Poubts as to the extent
of the duty to be charged on canned fruits
Jiave bwn to some extent satisfied by the or
der lesced by the Customs Board on Thurs
day intimating that duty will be payable on
thp added rugar only. Some amount of ac
tivity has been shown in California fruits,
and ajricotB inay be quoted about 6d per
•ioipn abov* the lowest r* Int touched. In
Liverpool salmon continues firm and in active
ir.Tuiry. Fancy packages, tuch as 1-lb and
: t-lb ovals and F<juats;, inquired for. During
th!:; wpek there has been an exceedlng-y ac
tive demand for all kinds of fruits, particu
lar!y apricots and pineapples. The budget
and the taxing of the sugar in fruits and
the prospect of a sharp advance have caused
buyers throughout the country to replenish
their stocks; the result being that an advance
of fjuite 6d i»er dozen has taken place In apri
cots and pineapples, and about 3d per dvzen
in uears and peaches." . . .
Weather Report.
tiO0tb Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 10—3 p. m
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
«iate, as compai*J with those of same date
las* Feasoii, and rainfall In last twenty-four
boors:
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
is not appreciably afferted. As is the case.'
with all booms, the collapse was caused by
an accident. This was the corner in Northern
Pacific, which has emerged from Its mysteries
and stands disclosed to public view in • its
principal facts and " bearings. It. is the nature
or a speculative boom and it contains within
itself no corrective force, but rather the mate
rial for its own growth and excess. Buying
for a rise in Itself Induces that rise and fur
nishes the profits for renewed buying and re
newed advance until the world joins/ the
gathering horde of speculators to ehare in the
sudden fortunes and all available credits are
drawn on to secure holdings of stdfcks. None
of there holdings are to keep and the onlv In
centive to buying is the hope of further'rise.
\\ hen any accident happens to endanger the
continuance of the rise the demand therefor
ceases absolutely. When holders attempt to
seil, first to take prontg, ! then to save losses,
there are no buyers. Prices decline and the
credits on which holders depend shrinit and
they must sell. The shrinkage of the value of
securities endangers the safety of loans for
which they serve as collateral and bankers
must be repaid. Money must be had on any
terms to avert ruin, stocks are sold without
regard to prices and 'a species of panic en
sues. That is what happened- this week on the
Stock Exchange. The remarkable feature of
the collapse of fictitious values Is that it was
precipitated by the very operations upon which
the boom was largely based. These were the
plans working out for consolidations of rail
road, systems which stimulated dreams of in
definite increase in values of railroad securi
ties and furnished the great Incentive to the
vast speculative buying. One railroad stock
after another has risen in price by wonderful
leaps and; bounds, under the influence either
of actual negotiations for absorption and con
solidation or of rumors pf such negotiations.
No later than last week Union Pacific was
rushed up to $133 per share on the belief that
it was to be absorbed to form a link in a
transcontinental railroad system. The similar
movements which had previously occurred in
Northern Pacific. Burlington and St. Paul gave
the speculators the utmost confidence in fol
lowing the movement which marked . another
of the comprehensive advances In the general
level of prices for railroad stocks whlcu was
building up fortunes for the lucky ones who
had bought the shares. The development of a
similar movement In Northern Pacific was
hailed with jubilation as another step in the
boom. On Monday when Northern Pacific was
lifted to 153. the whole list responded with an
advance and the buyers of stocks were crowd
ing to the stock exchange to buy stocks again.
A single broker bought 200,000 shares of North
ern Pacific that day and continued to buy the
next day. This particu'ar buying has bwn
variously attributed to one of the contending
parties fcr the control of Northern Pacific
and to a speculator who intentionally sought
to corner the stock and squeeze the shorts.
In any event the stock was cornered and the
shorts i were thrown into alarm and their un
availing efforts to find resources to meet their
obligations served as the shock which toppled
over the airy fabric of stock market prices,
reared on insufficient credit, which therefore
came crashing .Mown. On Wednesday nlsht
shorts paid as high as $S5C0 for the privilege
of borrowing 100 shares of Northern Pacific
common for deliver/- next day. On Thursday
the stock sold on the exchange for $1000 'per
share and the shorts began throwing- over the
holdings of other stocks on the weak market
to realize money and threw the market Into
p spasm of unprecedented violence. The dis
closure growing out of the Northern Pacific
episode that bitter and apparently irreparable
animosities had grown up among contending
groups of the country's largest capitalists
shattered confidence in all the supposed meas
ues to secure community of Interest and the
abolition of costly competition among rail
roatls. It seems Incredible that with an out
standing share capital of SOO.OCO shares the
shorts could not borrow or buy shares for
delivery at any price and It marks the des
peration of the struggle for control of ¦ the
property, that neither party, should , consent to
lend of their abundant supply of stocks even
to relieve the panic which wasi damaging vast
projects of their own as well as bringing ruin
and disaster to others for fear that- the stock,
once out of their hands, would be used to
defeat their claims to control. The collapse
also revealed the purely speculative character
of the greater part of the recent- large buying
whioh has been readily attributed by the
heated imagination of speculators to buy-
Ins for investment and control by the great
railroad systems, to be taken out of the
market and placed in strong boxes and thj
vaults of trust companies. The completeness
of the collapse • seems to have thoroughly
cleared the market of the recklessly specuTa
tive holders and the market quickly renlized
that the low prices to which stocks fell in -the
demoralization of Thursday were as unreal and
as far from representing their true values
as were the Inflated prices Jto which the boom
¦had carried them. The bargain hunter ap
peared in Wall street with the funds which
he never hazards in specuatlve booms and
showed his willingness to pay prices for stock*
far above those touched in the panic and
which would mean Insolvency for many com
mission houses. .The measures taken by .the
banks to supply the needed money and the.
settlement with the Northern Pacific shorts
quieted, the acute fears of holders of stocks
and a greater . degree of confidence began
quickly to be re-established. But' it is not
assumed that the necessary adjustments of
damages resulting from Thursday's shock are
to be completed In a day.
Bonds shared in the demoralization of stocks,
but to a'niuch less extent. Apparently a part
of the selling of bonds was for the purpose of
procuring funds to buy stocks at the low
levels. -
Vnlted States new 4s declined % and the 3s
and ¦ 0s \'t per cent below the closing call of
last week. . v / ...
Sharps Closing
Sold. Stock— -,.:.,.-»¦¦ Bid.
101.CCO Atchison 73%
50.SC0 Atchison prefd ;. 97%
9,100 Baltimore & Ohio ...104%
2.100 Baltimore & OMo prefd 92
8,400 Canadian Pacific 103
1.CO0 Canada Southern 65%
16.600 Chesapeake & Oh.Io 45
22,000 Chicago. Burlington & Quincy 191
¦ 6,400 Chicago, lnd & Loulevllle 32
1.000 Chicago, lnd & Louisville pre£d.... 69
- fcOO Chicago & -Eastern Illinois 121
1,500 Chicago & Northwestern ...198%
15.700 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific. ...151
X.500 Chicago Terminal & T 23%
13.100 Chicago Terminal & T prefd 47
S.400 Chicago & Alton 39%
2,900 Chicago & Alton prefd 77
3.9C0 Chicago Great Western 21
1.9C0 Chicago Great Western prefd A.... 79
200 Chicago Great Western prefd B..... 45 •
1.800 C O C & St Louis 7»%
7.S»oo Colorado Southern 13
. 2,400 Colorado Southern 1st prefd ...47
' 3.S0O Colorado Southern 2d prefd../ >20%
7.«W Delaware & Hudson 159%
1.200 Delaware, Lack & -Western.. 217 •
2.100 Denver & Rio Grande ; -46%
2.H00 Denver & Rio Grande prefd ..'92%
64,K)O- Erie .:...:....' 36U
13.S0O Krie'lst prefil:. .n.'6S
3.WK) Erie 2d prefd E2
•6.4C0 Great Northern prefd ; 179%'
2.l1<0 Hocking Valley ::r 51 .
• 1.S00 Hocking Valley prefd 7c
S.600 Ill'nolB Central i3S»i
2.100 Iowa Central 27
• if* Icwa Central prefd 56
TOO Lake Erie f: Western 57
'.. 'Lako'Krle & Western prefd...' ;.H5 .
24. .'¦00 Ixjulsvllle &, Nashville :.. 101 :
19.400 Manhattan Elevp.ted ...114%
14, COO Metropolitan Street Railway.. 1C2%
8,5«)O Mexican Central .'; ........;.. • 24
2.r^iO Mexican National ; io?2
• 1.SCO Minneapolis & St Louis......;. Sj '¦
C9.000 M lssouri Pic'fic .'. .....'. 103%
7.'!0<l Missouri, Kansas & Texas * 26%
10.300 Missouri. Kanras & Texas prefd 56%
SOf) New Jersey Central/. 153*
SS.SOO New York Central 154<4
. S.600 Norfolk & Western..... ;.-.,.. eo«I
Norfolk A Western prefd 86>l
l.sno Northern Pacific 150
C.900 Northern Pacific :>refd.'ex div.....'.!lO5^;
?1JCO Ontario & Western.-..........'.. C2V4
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver linear. New York Exchange steadier.
Wheat and Barley continue dull.
Uats and Corn in meager supply and firm. Rye plentiful.
Hay and Feed stuffs in moderate supply and steady.
Xo further change in Beans and Seeds. . ¦
Potatoes continue to weaken under larger receipts. Onions lower.
Vegetables in large supply and weak.
Most kinds of Poultry quiet and plentiful.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in ample supply and wink;
Cherries and Straxvbcrrics bringing good prices.
Apricots, Raspberries and Blackberries in light receipt.
Four cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Fresh arrivals of Mexican Limes. Lemons dull.
' Marked decline in Honey. Dried Fruits unchanged.
No' further change in Provisions.
Local packers again reduce their bids for Hogs.
Stocks and bonds rather quiet and featureless.
Stocks iii Wall street make some recovery.
LIVERPOOL. ;-^ A
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 5 10% » 10»i
Closing/ 5 10^i 5 10
PARIS. -
Wheat— May. July- Aug.
Opening ' 19 45 • 20 30
Closing 19 60 .20 30
Flour— • . '-- %'¦>-¦ •
.Opening ..24 60 25 45
Closing .'.....;...; .• 24 75 25 M
Chicago Livestock Market.
-CHICAGO. May 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1500;
steady, j Good to prime steers, $3@5 90; poor to
medium, $3 90@4 90; stockers and feeders. $3 13
@5 10; cows and heifers, . $2 7504 75; canners,
S2 10@2 75; bulls, $2 75@4 40; calves, $3 25^4 75;
Texas fed steers. $4 251/3 40; bulls. $2 75Q3 75.
¦ HOGS— Receipts to-day. 13.000; to-morrow. 16.
000; estimated left over, 2000. Market weak:
mixed and butchers, $5 w@5 77%; good to
choice heavy, J5 60@5 SO; i rough heavy, $5 45®
6 65: light, $5 45@5 72%; bulk of sales. $5 60©5 75.
' SHEEP— Receipts. 8C0O. Maricet steady to
strong; . clipped- lambs,' firm; wooled, steady;
Colorados, up to $5 20; good to choice wethers,
$4 10® 4 35; fair to choice I mixed, 13 50^415;
Western sheep, $4 20@4 25: yearlings, $4 2S©4 40;
native ¦ lambs, $4®5 20; Western' lambs, $4 50®
6 20.
'New ¦ York Metal Market.
NEW/YORK,' i; May 10.— Conditions prevalent
abroad in tin .circles were rather of a bullish
tendency. , To-day . prices advanced 12s 6d on
moderate . buying, closing firm at £120 7s 6d
for/ spot ."'and ;£ 117 . 17s 6d for . futures, with
.total .- business -for ¦' the ' day reaching a fair
volume. The local market for that metal,
aside ¦ from a ¦ sympathetic jj rise of about 25
points,; developed ; little or . no new feature and
closed firmer In tone at $26 25@26 75 after a slow
trade all day. ¦ -The ¦ rest - of the list here ex
hibited general apathy and price changes were
conspicuous. by their absence. '.Copper was dull
and unchanged, at 17c -,for. lake and*16Ho for
casting, •; while ; values c scored a net rls© of
6s -3d in London, spot . closing at £69 10s and
futures at; £70. Lead' was Inactive and un
changed here.-: In London,": however, a loss of
Is- 3d was noted, closing easy at £12 5s 9d.
Spelter was also dull and nominally unchanged
at- $3 95@4._ Iron markets were without feature
and .prices', ruled more or leas nominal in the
absence of business.'. Glasgow warrants 64s 3d
and Middlesboro 46s. .. , ...:\^. •
New York Cotton Market.
'NEW YORK, May 10.— COTTON— The market
opened steady with prices unchanged to 2
points higher and for a time showed a disposi
tion to ' do better . on moderate buying. Then
selling for a turn carried July off to 7.58c, with
tho market - showing heaviness In ¦ every de
partment. An outright scare occurred before
2 o'clock on a general turn for covering. July
ran up to 7.79c and October Jumped to 7.18c.
After 2 o'clock selling for profits forced prices
off 6 points. - The market closed steady at a net
advance of 5 to 14 points.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, May 10.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day amounted to 13,393 bales.
The selection was good and brisk competition
was the 'rule throughout. Good qualities were
in active demand. Locks and pieces sold -well
to the • Continent at full rates. Scoureds were
firm and cross- breds steady. Queensland greasy
was firm. Cape of Good Hope and Natal sold
well, but Buenos Ayres was quiet. American
buyers secured suitable I parcels of cross-breda.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, May 10.— Consols, 94; silver, 27%d:
French, rentes, lOlf 70c; cargoes "on passage,
quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 standard Cali
fornia, 30s Sd; cargoes Walla Walla, 30s 3d;
English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL, May 10.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California. 6s 2%d; wheat in Paris,
dull: flour In Paris, dull: French, country
markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands— 4 ll-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No*. -2 red Western
winter, Ss ll%d; No. 1 spring. 6s Id: -No. 1
California, ' 6s l%d. Futures," steady; Jury; 6s
10^d; September, 6s lOd. . ¦. : • ~:
CORN— Spot, dull;- American -mixed new, 4s
3%d: do. old, 4s 3%d. Futures, steady; May,
nominal; July, 4s %d;, September, 4s.
Portland's Business:
PORTLAND, May 10.— Clearings, $320,420; bal
ances, $35,555.
Nori^rn Wheat Market.;}'' .
.'¦'._ ¦¦" OREGON. ;
PORTLAND. May 10. — "WHEAT — Walla
Walla. "®59 % c wAsHiNG^ N>
' TACOMA, -May 10.— WHEAT— Steady. Blue
Stem,' 61c:' Club. 59c.- ¦ _:""'" •
C3.S00 Pennsylvania .....'...'.... .......148*4
P C O & St L.... 70
22.900 Reading 40M
19.7C0 Reading 1st prefd...... 74
11.5C0 Reading 2d prefd... : 50"4
6,400 St Louis, & San Francisco 44Vi
6C0 st Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 80
4.900 Pt Louis & San Fran 2d prefd...... 64,
•>,im Rt Louis, Southwestern ."34
•4.200 St'LoulR, Southwestern prefd 64
S9.SC0.St Paul ..../ :...„.. 158%
-M"2* St pauI VretiX: -.m>i
i-4.800 Southern Pacific 48%
31,700 Southern Railway 28%
ll,S00 Southern Railway prefd '. 82Vi
17.200 Texas ft- PecIHe 45U
1,500 Toledo, St L &W 17,
-1.000 Toledo, St L & W: prefd.... '. - . 34!
304.400 union PRc'nc ; iu%
H.COO Union Pacific prefd ;... 94»i
4,100 Wabash •. 19
34.100 - Wabash r>refd 36%
2.2C0 Wheeling. A-I^ke Erie : 17
MW Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 29 ,
4.40n Wisconsin Central 19%
LfJ.'JCO Wisconsin. Central prefd. 41%
¦ Express Companies— ;.
lO.rW) Adams ". ..'...". ;'.17O;
50,000 Ajnerican -:..-...-.-....; 190
United States 85'
....... Wells-Fargo i. ..:.... 140
Miscellaneous— - •
54,200 Amalgamated. Copper 114V,
6.300 American Car & F 23%
1,800 • American Car. & F. prefd 77
1.C00 American Linseed Oil.......... 18
2.200 American Llnseed'Oll prefd 43^4
4.100 American Smelting & Refining 65%
l.r.00 American Smelting 1 & Ref prefd.... 94
37.600 American Tobacco i -. 121^4
7.100 ¦.Anaconda' Mlnlnjr. Co 46%
21.100 Brooklyn RaDid Transit 77 •
13.HK) -Consolidated Gas 1 .; .."....217.
2.200 Colorado Fuel & Iron ;........ 90 '
S4.700 Continental Tobacco-. 52%
. 3.100 Continental ¦ Tobacco prefd 104%
4,400 General Klectric 219 •
3,700 Glucose Suffar. 53%.
Hocking Coal •:.'.¦.'..¦. ; 18
3,400 International Power 80%"
2,200 'International Paoer ..,, ...21%
1.200 International Parer prefd 74
200 Laclede Gas*./ , 82
3,900 National Biscuit ...- ...:... 42%
200 NatlonalLead 16
700- National Salt- : 43«
10,000 National Salt' prefd .77 .
300 North American ; 82%
100-PacIfic Coast .".. '. ¦ 60
1,700 Pacific Mail ....36
S0.100' People's Gas, ex div llO^i
2.S0O Pressed »Steel Car. 43
2.100 Pressed Steel. Car prefd 80%'
400 Pullmair Palace Car...... 204
3.400 Republic Steel - lf,%
1.7C0 Republic Steel prefd. 72%
31.500' Sugar 144%
7.300 Tennessee Coal & Iron 57»|
Union Bas: .......*. 12%
1.000 Union Basr prefd 66%
7.800 United States Leather 12%
2.200 United States 'Leather prefd 75
1,500 United States Rubber 21
600 United States Rubber prefd
252.S00 United States Steel Co 44;i
170,200 United States Steel Co prefd 93
15,900 Western Union" ...;. 92H
1.SGS.400 Sharas sold. ¦ . . j
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 106 N Y Cent lsts 107%
U S 2s ref coup. ..106 ; N J Cent gen 5s.. .130
U S 3s reg. 109 N Pacific 2s 72
U S 33 coup 109% N Pacific 4s........ 105
U S new 4s reg....l37Vi N Y C & S L 4s..lO6Ti
U S^ew 4s coup. .137% N & "W con 4s 100
U S old 4s reg- 113V- Or Nav lsts :..100
II S old 4s coup...ll3 1 ,<j Or Nav 4s .104%
U S 5s reg 109 Or Short Line 6s:.128ii
II S 5s coup 109 Or S Line con 5S..117
DIst of Col 3.65s....l25 l /2 Reading Gen 4s... 94%
Atchison gen 4s.. ..102 R' G \V lsts..; 101 I
Atchison adj 4s 94% S L & I M con 5s. 114
Canada So 2ds 108 S L & S F gen 6s.l34
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO4% St' Paul cons 190
Ches & Ohio 5s.. ...120 S P C & P lsts. ...118
C & NW con 7s... .138% S P C & P 5s... ..120
C & NWSFdeb 5s. 119 So Pacific 4s 92%
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 94 So Railway 5s. .....116%
Colo Southern 4s.. 87 Stand R & T 6s.... 60
D & R G 4s 102 Tex & Pac lsts. ...119
Eric General 4s.... 87% Tex & Pac 2ds 100
F W & D C lsts.. .105 Union Pacific 4s... 105%
Gen Electric 5s... 185% Wabash Jsts ..118V4
Iowa Central lsts.. 115% AVabash 2ds .".110
L & N ITni 4s 102 West-Shore 4s 114%
M K & T 2ds 81% Wis Cent 4s 90
M K & T 4s 97 Va Centuries 95%
MINING STOCKS. ; -." \
Adams Con 22 f Llttle Chief 15
Alice 45 Ontario .....'. 8 50
Breece 1 60 Ophir : 90
Brunswick Con Is* Phoenix ; 22
Comstock Tunnel.... 05 Potosl '.. ,22
Con Cal & Va 2 30 Savage : 12
Deadwood Terra — 55 Blerra Nevada - 23
HornSllver ........1 10 Small Hopes '50
Iron Sliver 60 Standard 3 65
Leadville Con 05 j '*
Note.— These are nominal prices, no business
being done. . . ¦ -.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— - Union Land ....... S%
Call loans 4@5 -Bonds-
Time loans 4§i5 Atchison 4s ..102
Stocks— N E Gas&Coke 5s. 62 -
A T & S.F 73% . Mlntn- Shares— I
A T & S F prefd.. 97% Adventure 14%
American Sugar... 144% Bingham Mln Co.. 23
Am Surar prefd.. .121 Amalg Copper. 115
Am Telephone 174 Boston & Mont. ..425
Boston & Albany.. 255 Butte & Boston.. ..104
Boston Elevated -..177 Calumet' & HecIa..83O
Chgo, Bur & Q 192% Centennial 17 !
Dominion Coal 35 Osceola 84
Dom Coal prefd.. ..114% Parrot.^. .......;.;.. 62
Fitchburg preW..:.147 Quincy J68
Ed Elec 111 245 I Santa Fe Copper.. 8
Mexican Central... 24»4 Tamarack 323 .
N K Gas & Coke.. 11 - Utah Mining....... 28 '
Old Dominion 31% Wlnona ....-3
Rubber 20% Wolverines .; 66U
Union Pacific 112
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, May 10.— Close: Money on call,
firm at 3 to 20 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent;
ruling rate, 6@8 per cent; prime mercantile
paper, 4@4 1 / 4 per cent; bterling exchange, about
steady, with actual bu&iness ,in bankers' bills
at 54 87%«j4 87% for demand and at $4 84@4 SiYi
for 60 days; posted rates, - $4 85@4 85% and
$4 88H; commercial bills, $4 83Vi@4 83%; silver
certificates, 60c; bar silver, 59%c; Mexican dol
lars, *&\ic. Bonds— Government, weak; State
bonds, inactive; railroad, irregular. • j;
London Market.
NEW YORK, May 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
No business to speak of waa done anywhere
on this side to-day. London is awaiting the
settlement which will be begun on Monday.
The tone was dull. Mining cbntangoes were
heavy; money is being held ' back ' for thei ar
rangement of American accounts, and miners
are being sold freely to make up the differ
ences in Americans. ¦ ¦' * -. : ... <
In the best informed quarters here they 'say
that the talk of failures and losses ! here ': are
grossly exaggerated. The panic is looked upon
simply as a case of heavy profits diminished
and the expectation is that those with good
credit can easily be tided over. One prominent
jobber's account was , closed by - arrangement.
The market for Americans was singularly
devoid of excitement. Business was very idle
and prices were wide. Almost all dealings' are
a matter of negotiation. • • . .
CLOSING
The start in Americans was good. The first
prices were from two to twelve above I the
close in New York last night, and ¦' Chicago
Milwaukee and St. Paul took the lead for a
rise with a spurt of 21 points. New. York had
cabled general buying orders over night. There
was a slight depression after the closing of
the account mentioned . above, Atchisons es
pecially going oft four points from the high.
In the afternoon session the market was stag
nant and in the street after the , close prices
hardened with Northern ¦ Pacific leading, in the
expectation of the little squeeze in the latter*
this because all the available supply of certifi
cates had been, shipped. Six dollars premium
is being paid already by the bears on advance
Money was -steady.
LONDON, May, 10.— Atchison," 72; Canadian
Pacific. 101; Union Pacific preferred, -94; North
ern Pacific preferred, 3O7Vi;. Grand TrunK, Io%-
Anaconda, 914; United States Steel, 43;F do
preferred, 93. : ¦ • • •
Bar silver, -quiet, 27Ud per ounce. ' "'>V,'
Money, S'g'S^-per cent. • •¦¦ -/ • -•- ; ' ,« •
Condition of, the .Treasury.**
WASHINGTON, May 10.— To-day's statement
of the -Treasury balances In the general . fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold- reserve irf the
division of redemption, shows: Available -cash
balance, $161,414,674; gold, $38,8S3,510. • J
Corn, bushels 269,000 403.000
Oats, bushels : 2S4.C00 29..000
Rye, bushels 5,000 . 4.000
Barley, bushels 11,000 00
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm: creams, 14@>18c; dairies,
ll@16c Cheese, dull, 1 9%&llc. Eggs, quiet;
fresh, lie.
Louisville 9.S62.948 V 13.6 - ....
Providence ........ 6,334.100 -- 11.4 ..-..
Milwaukee. 6,120,160 11.2 . ....
St. Paul ........... 4,78li,100 ,... 12-8
Buffalo.'..'.......'..... 6,088,490 ; 4.5 ....
Omaha"..".. :..'•' 6,760,533 " 12.5
Indianapolis .;...., . 7,9157.582 24.6 ....
Columbus, O. ....... 7,263.800 28.8 ....
Savannah' ' 2,863,597 . *•*
Denver 4.132.101 B - 8
Hartford 2.835.62C 21. a ••¦•
Richmond 4,378,625 2j8.O /...
Memphis-. 2.896,894 - 14.4- /....
Washington-.. 3,255,537 11. S
Peoria 2.51S.9S2 20.1 ....
Rochester .;.. -¦ 2,935,824 . -17.4 . ....
New Haven 1. 822,209 26.3 ....
Worcester .....'..... 1.731,723' 40.3 ....
Atlanta 1,913,090 17.0 ....
Salt Lake City 4,353,406 107.0
Springfield, Mass.. 1,450,715 ,17.1
Fort Worth 2,701,365 . 11.4
Portland, Me:.....; 1,289,472 24.»... ....
Portland, Or... 2,252,801 14.5 ....
St. Joseph • 4,704,409. 7.1.
Los Angeles'....... 3,454,100. 43.9 ....
Norfolk 1,066,335 20.5
Syracuse '1,245.551 • .8.3 ' ....
Des Moines 1.650.42S .... .' 5.!>
Nashville 1,079,852- 26.1 ....
Wilmington,- Del... 1,106,348 36.0
Fall- River ..:.;... 8G1,96.'> . 1.1-
Scranton '..' 1,704,470 67.3
Grand Rapids .... 1,438,242 9.S ....
Augusta, Ga 1,108,442 • 4a. 7 ....I
Lowell C30.412 . 27.7-". ' ....
Dayton, 0 1, 297,715 11.7 .....
Seattle ...' 2,256,770 . .... 1.3
Tacoma ( 1,142,117- . 21.8
Spokane 1,033.063. .... 12.7
Sioux City 1,315,962 9.7 ....•
New Bedford 369,465 .... 9.7
Knoxville, Tenn .. ' 677,735 40.7
Topeka ' 927,165 42.6 '....
Birmingham 949,105 11.7
Wichita 733,690 39.8 ....
Binghamton 508.600 28.7 , ....
Lexington, Ky ' 564.076 43.8 .....
Kalamazoo .'..?.... 457,826 9.0 ....
Akron 617,006 30.4 ....
Chattanooga ' 408,543 2.0- '.'....
Rockford, 111....... 434,916 ', 80.4 ....
Canton, O. V. : 325,000 31.5
Springfield, 0 277,564 .... 13.1
Fargo. N. D SC1.860 9.3- ....
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 212,523 S7.6
Fremont. Nebr "160,221 55.3 • ....
Davenport 994.029, 13.3 ....
Toledo.; 2.C82.879 .... 6.4
Galveston 5,855,000 16.9-
Houston /; ;.... 8,899.807 21.5 . i ....
Evansville SS9.373 3.3 - ....
Macon .: 562,000 15.4 .....
Little Rock 604.149 : 11.2 . ....
Helena ;.... 430,206 .:.. i 17.1
Springfield, 111. 434,158 14.8 ¦
Youngstown ....... 377,306 .35.6 ....
Bloomington ... ' 311,833 78.7 ....
Jacksonville, 111.... 282.873 19.4
Colorado Springs. .. 635,568 .«•;. ~'\....
Wheeling' 649.320 . ..?. ....
Totals, U.S.rV... $3,413, 46S,5ai* -107.2
Totals outside of
". New York 812,083,223,, 25.3 . ....
; ; dominion of Canada; .
Montreal ......:.... 120.412,421 33.8 ....,
Toronto- 14.19S.8SS 33.7 ....
"Winnipeg- 2,104,200 -3.9
Halifax 1,555,840 .- . 1.4
Vancouver' K0S.605 - ..... .4.7
St. John, N. B.... 913,464. 21.4 .
Victoria ; 752,474 5.3
Quebec ~ 1,529,693 •
Totals ......: $41,756,526 27.9 ....
•try has been In any way interfered with by the
—for the time - involved— severest fall in prices
in .the history o£ the t New York ¦ Stock Ex
change. I A very general conclusion reached Is
that, Indeed, the convulsion is purely a "stock
panic," not involving or connected with ' the
general industries of the country in any way.
There will not. in fact, be a bushel of wheat
or a ton of coal less in the country as a result
of this convulsion. Speculation In grain and
other staples, has, however, : been checked by
the ' concentration of interest upon the stock
market. ¦ • • 4 ¦ .- ¦ ..-;
General trade advices this week are - in the
main rather more favorable than those of last
week, mainly because of the lmprovwnent-'ln
crop prospects, due to seasonable rains follow
ing planting. The lull in the active buying
demand for iron and steel noted last .weeK Is
even more pronounced to-day, : but this is
mainly because mills and furnaces are already
heavily sold ahead and large consumers, hav
ing placed orders, are now awaiting delivery.
Bank clearings, swelled by enormous- stock
operations, break all records. Gross railway
earnings continue to show satisfactory* increase,
and -failures are down to a normal minimum.
The textiles are still the soft spot in the general
situation, and are dull. •_¦>• ¦
The feature of the week in the crop situation
Is the arrival of rains throughout the North
west which has placed the spring wheat crop',
now nearly all planted, in excellent, condition.
In the Southwest and Central West crop re
ports are generally good. Weather conditions
on the Pacific Coast are more- favorable for
crops and a good yield of grain is indicated.
Wool is slow on sale, but there is some more
movement In new wools at the interior. Large
manufacturers are practically out of the mar
ket. . , ¦. . ¦¦¦ . - . . " : ¦
New business is more notable In Iron and steel
than for some time, but prices are steady and
firm at last week's quotations. With mills and
furnaces running to : their full capacity, • the
pigiron output on the first of tho month is said
to be the largest In the country's history, ex
ceeding the boom of February, 1900.: New. busi
ness Is small in rails, but inquiries are numer
ous. ' Large consumers. of pigiron in. the Chi
cago district have covered their wants for six
months to come. .' ¦ » • ¦ ' ¦' • ¦ - ¦ • . • ' ¦-
Reports from tbe boot and shoe trade are in
a high degree encouraging. . Orders for fall de
livery of hoots and shoes are Increasing and
manufacturers are active.,' '.. ' ; . ~ • '- t
Wheat, Including flour, shipments for • the
week aggregate 4,178,872 bushels against 5,100,763
last week, 3,480,574 bushels In the corresponding
week of 1900, 3,284,182 bushels^ln 1899 and 3.646,
643 v bushels . In 1898. % From ¦ July > 1 to -date this
season wheat exports ' are 181.095,110; bushels,
against 169,516,176 bushels, last ¦¦ season . and
204,482,630 bushels in 1898-99. \ ,. , ¦ * f
Failures for the week number 193, ' as com
pared with 163 last week, 174 In this week : a
year aeo, 163 in -1899 and -250 in 1898. . , -. i
Canadian failures for the week number 26,
against 17 last week, 19: in this week a year
ago/ 21 in 1899, 25 in 1898 and 31 in 1897.; ¦
Condition of - Winter Wheat.
WASHINGTON, Mays 10.— Returns / to the
statistician, of ,the Department of 'Agriculture
made up^to May 1 show the area under winter
¦wheat in cultivation on that date to tfave been
about . 28,267,000 acres. This is . 2,015,Q0O \ acres,
or 6.7 -per cent less, than the area sown last
fall, but 2,032,000 acres or 7.7 per cent in ex
cess of the winter wheat acreage harvested last
year. ¦ Of . the reduction about, one-half is- re
ported from Texas and California; due in the
former State to the ravages of the wheat plant
louse and . In the latter to the cutting,' as is
not unusual -in that-. State, of ; ; a considerable
acreage for .forage. »,ln the - States that had
1,000,000 acres . or upward sown: last fall the
following percentages . nre reported as aban
doned or cut i fcr forage: -Missouri 1, Kansas 1,
Illinois 1.9, Pennsylvania 2, Indiana, 2.5, Ohio
3.2, Tennessee 4.2, Michigan 9.6, Oklahoma 12.5,
California 18 and Texas 42.4.
For the area remaining: under cultivation the
average condition on May 1 was 94.1. While
this average Is 10.5 points above the mean of
the May averages of the last ten years and
has been exceeded only three times in seven
teen years, it must: be remembered that the
acreage plowed up, -cut for forage or. otherwise
abandoned has been entirely eliminated/ ¦ In
Kansas the wheat crop has held its own at the
high average, 105, reported April 1, while an
Improvement is reported of 6 points in Penn
sylvania, . Ohio and Indiana, 8 in Illinois and 4
in Missouri. On the other hand, notwith
standing the elimination In Texas and Califor
nia .of so. much of the acreage as will not be
harvested, a decline is noted amounting to 4
points in the former State and 14 in the latter.'
The average, condition of winter rye on May
1 was 94. 6, as compared with 93.1 on April 1,
1901, 88.5 on May 1, 1900, 85.2 at the correspond
ing date In 1899 and 89.2, the mean of the May
averages of the last ten years.. The present
condition is the highest since 1S31.
Of the total amount of spring plowing re-'
ported as contemplated, It is estimated that
only 66.3 per cent was actually done up to May
1, the. proportion usually done by that date
being about 75 per cent of the whole.
A report giving the estimated acreage plant
ed in cotton,- with the condition according to
tbe latest advices, will be issued on May 31.
*• : — — K-
©4 90; Large White. »4®4 20; Pink. $1 60C1 S3;
Red. $303 23: Blackeye. $3; Llmas. $6 2o«C 1Z,;
Pea. nominal; Red Kidney, J4 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50@3; Canary. i%(3
3%* for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, Zty
2V-c1 Hemp. 3^ic; Timothy. t\c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, . $2@2 5u; Green. K 70®
3 per ctl;. Blackeye. nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were 8130 sks. Includ
ing 4165 from Oregon! . The market continued
decidedly easy, with a downward tendency,
though there was little change.
Both old and new Onions were lower, owing
to the increasing receipts of new red.
. The Newport brought up 222 boxes Mexlcaa
Tomatoes.
. All summer Vegetables are weak under plen
tiful supplies. Cucumbers came in from Sac
ramento, bringing 75c per dozen.
Receipts were 939 boxes Asparagus, 452 boxes
Rhubarb. 8U0 sacks Bay Peas, 95 sacks String
Deans and 304 boxes and 6S8 sacks New Pota
toes.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 73c«$l: Burbanks.
75c® $1 for River and $1 25@1 40 for Oregon;
Garnet Chiles. $1 50; Sweets. «0<865c for Mer
ced: New Potatoes, l^g'l'ic per lb.
ONIONS— Cut Onions, &0cOU 25 per sack;
Australians, jobbing, at $4@4 50: Green Onlona.
3O<fir50c per box; New Red. 7iciBJI per sack.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 40c®$l per box;
Asparagus, fl 75 for fancy. $1 25@i 50 per box for
' No. 1 and 50<@85c for No. 2; Green Peas. <0cG$l
per sack; Garden Peas. 2c; String Beans. iv<?
3c for Loa Angeles and 4@6c for Vacavllle;
Horse Beans, 50@60c per sack; Cabbage, 90c per
ctl: Tomatoes, Mexicans, S125@lfi0 per crate:
from Los Angeles, $l®150; Dried Peppers,: XZ"®
I8c: Dry Okra, 15c per lb; Carrots, 25Q35C per
sack: Hothouse Cucumbers, 50ctJ?l per dozen;
Garlic, 8®10c per lb for old and 5c for new;
Green Peppers. 5^ 10c per lb; Egz Plant, lOIJIOo
per lb. . .
Poultry and Game. ] If
Tho market continues liberally supplied wltlf
Hens and very small broilers, both, of which;
are weak and alow of sale. Young Boosters
and Fryers continue In light supply «M firm.
Ducks aro In good supply and alow. ... • (
POULTRY— Live Turkeys' »®tlo for Gobbler*
and 11912c for Hens; Geese, per pair, '$1509
175; Goslings. $150(92; Ducks, $4©4 50 for old,
and $5!0@6EO for young; Hens, $4fJ5; youne
Roosters, $7©S; old Roosters, S4S4 50; Fryers.
(5 50®6 50; Broilers. {4 5O@5 for large and $2@3
for small: Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per dozen for olds
and $1 5001 75 for Squabs. - - -
GAME— Hare. $1©1 25: Rabbits. $1 50 for Cot*
tontall and 75c3$l for Brush. ¦
Butter, Cheese and Eggs*
Butter Is showing weaker <T»Ttw l t<'Tnv as thm
market Is expected to be without oatslda rap-*
port after -the current orders for Alaska, ara
filled. Prices are no lower, however.
' Cheese is quoted lower in the open market,
the shelves being filled with stock beyond tha
demands of the trade.
The weakness In Egjrs continues. Stocks ar»
|« large as ever and the disposition Is to make>
concessions to sell. . •
Receipts were 81,200 pounds ! and " 52 • tube oZ
Butter, 1264 cases • Eggs, • 800 - cases Eastern
Eggs. 16, COO pounds California Cheese and,—*
pounds Eastern Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery. 17H©18c per lb for faacj;
and 16H-Pl7c for seconds; dairy, 14316^c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 9<S10c; old, nominal.
EGGS— Ranch, 14 l /4@15%c for rood to fancrj
store, 13@14c per dozen. - >
. DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 18c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 18c; firsts, lie; seconds. — — t
store. 13c. , . . ; .
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 8%c; choice.
8c; common, nominal; Young • Americas, lflc;
Eastern, full cream, Ii@l6c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected White. It 4c;
mixed colors, 13c per dosen. .--
California Gathered— Selected. 13c; standard,
12%c; seconds, .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Four cars of Oranges w%re auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $1 50@2 30; choice do. $1 29
62 10; standard do, S3c@Sl 55; seedlings, 9"c3
$115; St. Michaels, $155:9175; Mediterranean
Sweets. 75ce$130.
Light stocks and a good demand keep
Oranges firm. Lemons are unchanged. The
steamer Newport brought up 437 cases Mexican
Limes, and supplies of this fruit are /low large.
Cherries continue to bring good prices, owing
to the light receipts. They are bringing com
paratively better prfces East than in this mar
ket, hence a good many are being: shipped
East. Strawberries also bring nigh Quotations.
: Receipts of Raspberries and Blackberries- are
small, scattering and from distant potnt3. Cur
rants are hardly seen, and are holding back
unusually. ¦ •
Three boxes of Green Apples, the first of the
season, came In from Vacavllle anl sold at
75c i>er box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APRICOTS—From Yuma and Vacaville, ft 73
@3 per crate.
CHERRIES— Receipts were 1760 boxes, selling
at 40<g85c per box for red and 75c@$t for dark.
STRAWBERRIES— $9@12 per chest for Long
worths and $5@8 for large berries. Receipts
were 1S7 chests.
BLACKBERRIES— From Covlna. |1@1 50 per
crate.
RASPBERRIES — From Newcastle, 20c per
basket: from Haywards, 75c per drawer.
• GOOSEBERRIES— 40@50c per drawer.
CURRANTS— None tn.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1£2 50;
Seedlings. 50c@$l; Tangerines. 50c@$l 25; Lem
ons, 75c® $1 25 for common and $1 50@3 25 for
good to choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@$l M; Mexican
Limes, MS 4 SO; Bananas. $1 23<82 50 per bunch
for New Orleans and $1 23@2 for Honolulu;
Pineapples, $1 50®3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
¦ The feature In this market at present is th*
decline In Honey. There have been scattering
receipts of the new crop for some days, and
they accumulated until a day or so ago, when
the first sales of any consequence were made.
Light amber, both old and new. sold at S»Ac
per lb, and this price leads dealers to look for
concessions on package goods later en. There
la no local or export demand, and as the crop
is thought to be large (the market la weak.
Comb Honey la nominal, t •
There is nothing new In Nuts. Raisins and
Fruits. > .
FRUITS— Apricots, B®7%o for Royals: Evapo
rated Apples, 4@6c: sun-djrled. l%@2c: Peaches.
3%@4c for standard. 4'>3<§3Vic for choice and 6©
6%c for fancy: Pears, 2@7h; Plums, pitted. 3HS>
5c; unpitted, l@l%c; Nectkrlnes, 4gtuc for red
and 465c for white., - » -¦: ' V J
PRUNES— 4 sizes, 3c; 40-503. 6%c: 5O-60s. Vic:
«0-70s, 3%c; 70-SOs. 3Vic; 80-90s, 2%c; 90-1009.
2\ic: 1C0-120S, We
RAISINS— The Raisin Srowers* Association
has established the following prices; Bleached
Thompson's fancy, -12c per lb: choice. .lie:
standard, '10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son' », 9c per lb. Sultan is — Fancy. 10%o per
lb; choice. 9%c: standard. S%c: prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas. Sc; Seedless, 50>-tt>.- boxes.
6V4c; 4-crown, 7c;3-crow;i, 6%c; 2-crown,. 6c.
Pacific . brand— 2-crown. 5e ; 3-crown, 5^ic. and
4-crown, 5%c: seeded (Fresno prices), 6%c:
London Layers, 2-crownt $1 50 per box; J
crown,' $1 60: Fancy Cluste s, $2; Dehesa, $2 50;
Imperial, $3. All prices f. o. b. at commoa
shipping points in California. . •
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 ssftsheU. lOfcllc: No.
2 7%©Sc; No. 1 hardshaia. 10c; No. 2. «®7c:
Almonds. 13S14c for papershell. 10®Uc for soft
shell and 6@6c tor hardsliell: Peanuts, a^Ss
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, ll@HHc; Filberts,
12®12%c- Pecans. ll@13c; Oocoanuts. $3 5O@3.
HONET- Comb. 13%®14c for bright and 12%
fil3c for light amber; wa er white extracted.
4@4%c; light amber extracted, 3%c; dark, nom-
D BEESWAX— :3328cper_n »
Provisions.
Quotations stand as before. Trade Is tfuH.
CUBED" ME ATS— Bacon, :12c per lt> for heavy.
12%®13c for light medium. I3%c for light. 14%o
for extra light and VS&Ottm sugar-cured; East
ern sugaT-cured Hams, 13c; Mess Beef. $12 per
barrel; extra Mess. $12 50: Family^ til 50; prime
Mess Pork. $15: extra clekr. $23; Mess. $19;
Smoked Beef. 13%@Uc per to.
LARD— Tierces quoted at >i«c per id for com
pound and 10%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
10%c: 10-lb tins, lHic; 5-lbjtlns. U%c.
COTTOLENE— One balf-farrel. Svic; three
half-barrels, 8»ic; one tierce;. 8»£c; two tierces,
8%c; five tierces. 8*gc per l|a.
Hides, Tallozv, WoU and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Cul|s and brands sell
about 1%C under quotations: Heavy Salted
Steers. ' 10c; medium, 9c; ljlght. S@S>-ic: Cott
Hitfes, S%e for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags,
6%c: Salted Kip, 9c; Salted "teal. 9S9%c: Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16c; qulls, I3ii@14c: Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, -16@17c; iCulla and Brands.
-13@14c; Sheepskins, sbearllhgs, 13.-J30C each:
short Woo!, 30(g50c each; medium, &l@*5o: Ions
Wool, 80c@$l each i Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 for
large and i2(g2 25 fcr mediuni. 51 ®1 JS for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, ary. $1 75 for
large. $125 for medium,' $1 jfor small and 50o
for Colts. ' Deerskins— Summer or red skini, 35c;
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins
20c. Goatskins — Prime Ango-as, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c: medium. 25c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; No. 2,
3%©4c; grease. . 2®2%c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 19fcl— Hutnboldt ' and
Mendocino, 15<gl6c per lb : -K orthern. free, 12f»
13c; defective. 9®llc: Middle County, free. 10®
lie: do. defective. S@10c; Southern. 12 months.
8@9cr Southern, .free,- 7 montfts, 7@10c; do. de
fective, 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon .Valley,' fine, 15
@16c; do, medium and coars*?,' U@l5c; Oregon.
Continued on Pags Fif tsea.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 1 1, 1901.
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Dun's Review of_ Trade.
Batik Clearings.
.'. NEW. YORK/ -May, 10.— Bradstreei'a : to-mor
row; will sayiSEmpBRBpH
One 'looks; in; vain at -this : writing/for any
evidence that the general business of the coua-
12
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Bradstrcet's on. Trade.
New York Grain and Produce.
STATIONS.
I Last I This Last
JI4 Hours | Season. Season.
?ka
Biuflf
oin^nt'ir
Francisco...,
-no
•pridence
I-uis Oliispo. .
Angeles
Di<^o
•f
I
0.00 45. S<3 4S.53
0.00 24.21 22.83
0.W 19. 1! 20.24
. O.OO 20.51 IS. 42
<\O0 11.C6 8.63
COO 6. S3 3.65
. Trace 39.55 17.20
.1 Trace 15.5S 7.62
.1 O.Ci) 11.25 T..83
STATIONS.
I Last I This Last
JI4 Hours | Season. Season.
?ka
Biuflf
oin^nt'ir
Francisco...,
-no
•pridence
I-uis Oliispo. .
Angeles
Di<^o
•f
I
0.00 45. S<3 4S.53
0.00 24.21 22.83
0.W 19. 1! 20.24
. O.OO 20.51 IS. 42
<\O0 11.C6 8.63
COO 6. S3 3.65
. Trace 39.55 17.20
.1 Trace 15.5S 7.62
.1 O.Ci) 11.25 T..83Why enflure torture from fleaa when yon can
ret rid of them by u*Iti< Searby's "Flea*-Must-
Go?" 400 Sutter street. •
*
. The joint .Committee; on' Judiciary i and
Printing: recommended yesterday that .the
bid of the Star Press for 'the publication
of the delinquent* tax. list be Accepted,* it
being the lowest bidder.' "This action was
taken In accordance with 'the opinion": of
the I City • Attorney,- who holds • that It 1 is
not mandatory, that the list shall be print
ed in'the official': newspaper. ¦ ¦*•:?--, •
.Publication of Delinquent Roll.
tr £ T ,. lli MERCIFCL-John Duncan alias
Frfenk Meyer. u ag tried before a jury in
3u&g* lAw\nr; court yesterday on a charge
of granfl larceny for et«aling a purse con
talnlnr t* from Gus Meyer, on March 20. The
jury fcroBjJlh a verdict findln* him guilty
to six months imprisonment in the County
WASHINGTON, May 10.— The Postofflca
'Department Issued these announcements
to-day:
Postofflce discontinued: Oregon— Peris,
Columbia County, mail to Valley.
Postmaster comml3sloned: California-
James, W.Schoolever, Wlnthrop. :¦¦
Gross receipts San Francisco postofflce
April, 1901. $90,872. Increase. of $12,390 over
April. 1900. i ,
These pensions w«?re issued' to-day: Cal
ifornia— Original— Sheridan Wheaton, San
Francisco, $8; Elijah H. Crooker, San
Francisco, $6. - Increase— John C. Carroll
Napa. $8. - Original "widow— Martha Price,
Los Angeles, $8.
Of Interest to the Coast.
Joseph Dunne, employed, as 'an expe
rienced clerk by the Board : of Health . but
In reality acting as the board's legal ad
viser, may find ¦¦> himself without his | posi
tion! when he returns from; an -extended
leave of absence. .\ Dunne? has. been away
for nearly three months, and the charter
only, allows leaves for sixty days. Dunne
is not drawing salary while absent, and
is understood to have; gone -to Honolulu
.for the benefit of his health.". \ •.
Dunne May Lose His Position.
Decrees of divorce were srranted yes
terday to Ada H. Allen from William E.
Allen for failure to provide, Mary Silvas
from Ralph A. Silvas for desertion. Jo
peph Bozeman from Lucy Bozenaan for in
£L de i, ! . t5 '_. an< l R osetta Blering from Emlle
F. Blering for extreme cruelty. Suits for
& v 2 r< i? °* n x the around of. cruelty were
ed^ by i^ nrletta Ward against F. E.
Ward and Fanny L. Pearl against Sylves
• ter Pearl.
•In the Divorce Court.
SAN JOSE, May lO.-^-Creaton de For
rest, the 13-year-old son of the assistant
manager of the Hoffman House in New
York, is one of the two boys who arrived
in Sacramento penniless some weeks ago
They then gave the names of Charles and
Fred Roberts and said they had been sent
by their mother to visit their grandfather
De Forrest, who lived at a place called
Willows. The railroad officials tried In
vain to locate such a man and finally sent
them here. Since then > they have been
cared for by Joseph Boiisdaie, a streetcar
conductor. When younr De Forrest ran
away, from New York -he drew $85 from
his own account of $1300 In the New York
Dime Savings Bank. _
• Loomis Residence Burned.
LOOMIS, May 10.— The residence of Hon.
J. H. Barton, two miles east of Loomis,
was burned to the ground ' at- 12* o'clock
to-day.- Scarcely- anything was saved-
The dwelling was valued at $2000, with no
Insurance, : - <
Proves to Be the Son of the Assistant
. ' Manager of the Hoffman
{• :.-r :¦'¦- House.
RUNAWAY NEW YOBK
YOUTH IS IDENTIFIED
Judge Seawell made an order yesterday
denying the motion of Drury Melonofor
a new trial of the action instituted against
him by ex-Judge William T. Wallace and
hia son, Ryland B. Wallace, to recover
for services rendered on behalf of Melone
In connection Trlth the Placerville bond
cupes. Judgment went against Melone,
and he sought a new trial. Now that It
hat been denied him h© will appeal to the
Supreme Court.
Denies Melone a Mew Trial.
Eligible List of Office Deputies.
.
The Civil Service Commission yester
day Issued the eligible list for office depu
ties in the Board of Public Works. An
drew J. Donovan, who has been employed
In the Bureau of Streets for a number
of years, heads the list with 94 per cent.
John C. Boyle' comes second with 93 per
cent. Andrew McCreery next with 88 per
cent and William I. Reardon last with 86
per cent. - .'-. .."-*.'.*
Permit for Boxing Exhibition.
The Supervisors' Police Committee rec
ommended Thursday that permission be
granted to the Twentieth Century Ath
letic Club to hold a! professional boxing
exhibition during June. The bill making
it unlawful for any person to defraud a
hackman out of his legal faro was recom
mended for passage. The petitions' of the
Bay City Athletic Club and the Mascot
Athletic dub to hold boxing contests
were denied.
Revokes Sunday-Closing Order.
- OMAHA, May 10.— Mayor Moore to-day
revoked the order to enforce Sundav, clos
ing. .
Severely Burned About the Face.
- Miss Carrol Crouse, • the well-known
singer, was severely burned about the
face yesterday morning. , A lighted coal
oil stove set fire "to the kitchen of her
home at 610 Folsom street. - She ran Into
the room to save some valuable papers
and the flames struck her in the face. The
fire was quickly extinguished and the
papers recovered by Captain Comstock of
the fire patrol. -SHWJKflQfJgHBSS
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
1 - '
PALACE HOTEL.
F W Luther, N Y
A Bingham, Mrysville
C J Wheeler, Clevelnd
C Borne, Cleveland
E S Ivea, Tuma, "Ariz
E G Jones, Portland
T McNama & w, Prtld
A Edgecombe &. w. Mo
Mrs Montague, Jr. N Y
Miss Montague. N Y
C C Carietota, N Y
O Wellborn/ Los Ang
Mrs Cralffhead, N Y
Miss Craighead, N Y
G Slebrecht. San An
J Bradbury. Mexico
Mrs Bradbury. Los An
L Bradbury. Los An
F Holman, Portland
W Sibson, Portland
K Dockstader & w, Kn
W Gould & w. Denver
R McCarter. Piila
W Black. Phila
J Hoover. Phila
Dr McReynold3, Denvr
W Dunham. Los Ang
H O Smith, Boston.
S Baker, Chicago
L Hoyt, St Paul
H - Looker. Hongkong
Mr & Mrs Reege. Omj
Mr Mareck. Germany
Mr Rellerbeck, Grmny
Mr von Moller. Grrany
Mr Autlonl, Grmny
P D Paine?, Peking
Mre Halkler, Copnhasm
A Korkalsaena, Hollnd
J McNab. Scotland
J Murray, Scotland
L Whiting, London
T Paul, Singapore
H N Ridley, Singapore
K Roeenthal. Chicago
C Wagner. N Y
H Stevenson A w, Mnl
W Chesholm. Cleveld
C Lister Jr & w, Phila
F Cooper &-W. S Louis
Mrs Cooper; St Louis
Mrs Moriarlty, S Louis
G E Foss, Chicago
H Brannon, West Va
P Tratnor & "w. N T
C B Rush. N T
W Johnson, Omaha
A Rennie. Coptic
J Gray & w.- N T
Martha Gray, N T
Mrs Blood, N T
N L Orme, N Y
L Stern. N Y
T Langan, Minn
C W Cook. N Y
J M Klser, Chicago '
E Trample, Berlin
GRAND HOTEL.
W Claro, Mojave
C Beldlnsr, Stockton
G.W Buck. Cal
J C Lloyd, San Jose
Miss A Bednarck, Tex
F G Candel!. Minn
J F Harmes, Sausallto
E R Reed. Bakersfleld
N Golflamlth, St Joe
F V Mackey, Or
Miss L B Hendee. Ill '
Miss F O Hendee, 111
J Eastman, Los Ang
F Ruysmltz, Mexico
WJ Nelson. Mojave
L Kaiser, Mexico
A'Marrell. Bakersfield
R L « Gore, Qroville
R W ¦¦ Woodward. Cal
J W Kaseberff. Or
H T Strowbridge & w,
London.
T Patyn. The Hague *
S E Arnold. Chicago
W H Webb. Salinas
W D Lowy. Nev City
A ' E Me Vltty. Pwn
R C Cline. Los Ang
L E Rlter Jr, S Lak»
M Charles. U S N
C A Pace. Stockton
Mrs J P McCarthy. Cal
Mrs AW Forester. Cai
W O Cochran, Boston
C Ramsden. London
E T Loy. Chloride
F O Hlhn. Sta Cms
Mrs F A Woodward,
Santa Cruz - -
T Watllngr. Chicago
Dr F M . Conn & w.
Seattle
G W Glenn.' Stockton
L Thome. Ind
W ' Harcombe. Ogden
C M Martin. Los An?
W Bennett. Kan City
R W Kelly. Denver.,
J B Tilly & w, Arcata
E M Burke. S Barbara
H C Bchade. Portland
G F Thomas. Spokane
D McL Brown & W,
Seattle
M Di«rg9, Woodland
Mrs E Woodson. Colo
NEW WESTERN HOTEI*
J Johnson Arcata .
J P.eardon, Cincinnati
D Bark, Cincinnati
C ' E Graham, Denver
T F McDonald, Cona
8 H Compton, La "
J A Atkinson. S C
H J "Wood, Sonora
H Olmstead. .Mich 7
T. Rose." OgUen
R-W Gates, Chicago
,C S Emmet, Chicago
Q Kereker, Chicago
Miss A Horklnaon. Neb
Miss J Xordstron. Neb
S P Shonaberger,- Mass
F R Case, Boston - •
D F Cody. N Y
F Hushes. Kansas Cty
J Innan & w, Tacoma
J U Flnche, Anaconda
Fertilizing Works a Nuisance.
The Board of Health held a special
meeting yesterday for the purpose of
hearing the protest of Charles Alpers
against the recommendation made to the
Supervisors that his fertilizing works In
South San Francisco be condemned as a
public nuisance. Alpers claimed that the
offensive odors came from offal from
Butchertown which was deposited in front
of his place by the tide. Dr. Buckley said
he had made a personal investigation of
the works and the stench was unbearable.
Health Officer O'Brien said the only way
to abate the nuisance was to burn, the
building. The board decided to allow its
recommendation to stand, unless Alpers
makes such changes as will abate the
paZnnct.
The local Board of Health yesterday re
ceived a bill of $226 25 incurred, by . the
State Board of Health in clearing off the
lot- on Pacific street, near Dupont. The
work was done by Contractor- James H~
O'Brien, who employed- from three to
nine teams for six days to remove the
refuse on the let. The local board will
repudiate the bill on the ground that no
agreement was ; ever made to have the
work done.
Will Not Pay the Bill.
A reunion of members 'of the, Howard
Christian Band of Hope" was held last
night at the residence of the Rev. Fred
erick A. Uoane, at 192 Hawthorne street.
More than 100 members of the organiza
tion were present and enjoyed a delightful
evening. A select musical programme was
rendered and refreshments- were served.
Dr. Doane was assisted by h!s wife and
sister, Mrs. P. A. Haranden, in receiving
the guests. It was due to the efforts of
the members of this organization that the
Mizpah Presbyterian Church was built.
The Rev. F. A. Doane is. pastor, and he
has labored incessantly to advance the in
terests of the Band of Hope in his church.
Band of Hope Reception.
RECEPTION IS GIVEN AT \
¦ THE INFANTS' SHELTER
i 11' ' "
Pleasing Entertainment Given by
the Ladies Who Aid the t
Institution/
The rooms of the Little Sisters', Infant
Shelter, which Is .located at 512 Minna
street, were filled with life and color last
evening. It was the .occasion of a recep
tion tendered by the charitable ladles who
»re helping those who try to help them
selves. The interior was beautifully dec
orated with flowers and greens, and the
commodious yard in which the little ones
play while their parents are at work pre
sented a pretty appearance. Chinese lan
ternB, potted pianis and festoons of greens
aoGed gayety to the scene. : ¦¦-_
Upstairs in the many rooms of the build
ing, children slumbered, unmindful of, the
sweet strains of music that filled the
house. The ladies; paid frequent visits to
these apartments and gazed fondly at the
sleeping babies. - •— -'¦-';
During the evening an excellent pro
gramme was rendered. Mrs.. G. Arnold
and- W. Young sang a duet; the Misses
Sherman rendered a number of selections
on the violin and piano; Garner Stenhouse
sang; Miss Ada Clement played. a piano
bolo, and Mr. Young and Mrs. Arnold ren
dtied a number of pleasing songra.-
The Little Sisters' Infant Shelter was
organized for the .-purpose of caring for
and: instructing little children whose pa
rents are called from home to work. It
is one of the few institutions of its kind
that does not rely on State aid. Accord
ing to the annual report submitted by the
matron of the institution, two hundred
and sixty children have been admitted to
the shelter during the -past year. Of this
number seventy-rive became, permanent
boarders. The officers of the charitable
organization aro as follows:
President, Mrs. C. E. Cooper; vice pres
ident, Mrs. "W. D. Fennimore; treasurer,
Mrs: Luther J. Holton: recording secre
tary, Mrs. Robert L. Toplltz; correspond
ing secretary, Mrs. Charles- H. Wilson;
directors— Mrs. C. E. Cooper, Mrs. E. B.
Cutter, Mrs. W. D. Fennimore, Mrs. B.
M. Gunn,;Mrs. Luther J. Holton,' Mrs. A.
W Jackson, Mrs. Rebecca Jennings,. Miss
Jennie McFarland, . Mrs. W. , M. Pierson,
Mrs. R. L. Toplitz . and Mrs. C. H. Wil
son;-matron,Mrs. J. Cunningham; kinder
garten teacher, Miss Josle Kentley;. con
sulting physician, Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr.;
visiting- physicians— Dr. • Morton Gibbons
and; Dr. H.- C. Edwards; oculist, Dr. A.
Schlcss, and dentist; Dr. Thomas L. Hill.
The meeting of the Iroquois Club held
last night in Pythian Castle was largely
attended. The members of the club dis
played a great deal of Interest in the com
ing celebration of the fiftieth anniversary
of the first Democratic convention held in
California. The celebration will be held in
Benicia May 20. The braves have com
p!«ele<?. a programme which promises to
inRke the celebration a success.
A conference of State Irocuoie clubs is
to be held in Benicia Monday. May 21. The
rfelegateis selected at last night's meeting
to r«-pr«=Rent the San Francisco Club at
the conference are: Joseph Rothschild,
C. F. KJmball. C. H. liolcomb, W. A.
Ar.rnusfen. Walter Gallagher. E. T. Mln
nehan. J. C. Gorman, w. H. Kline, Robert
Day, Wil'.iam Cubery and H. L. Bienfleld.
Programme Arranged for the Stats
Gathering to Be Held at
Benicia.
IROQUOIS BRAVES ARE
Y ;'V BEADY TO CELEBBATE
Rose Finley, a girl, was arrested on
Wednesday afternoon by Detective Rior
dan on suspicion of stealing $117, a dia
mond ring and a gold watch from a tin
box which was kept- in the room of Fred
F. Bnhr, 31*> Ellis street. She was sub
sequently released from custody, but was
again- arrested yesterday on a warrant
charging her with burglary. The com
plaining witness is Mrs. Lora de la Vega,
proprietress of the house. A revolver
which was stolen from Buhr's room was
found yesterday mornins in the girl's
gripsack In her room. As she could. not
give a satisfactory explanation as to how
she got it she wa3 arrested. It la be
lieved she had a male accomplice.
Girl Charged "With Burglary.
It Is possible that the discontinuance of
the work in this* city by the Sacramento
Valley Development Association is only
temporary." If the counties contribute the
sums assessed very likely the office ' ar
rangement will be resumed with the State
Board of Trade. •„•"¦;
Mr. Wright was accommodated at the
headquarters of the State Board of Trade
with an office :n the; main exhibition room
in: the ferry building, where the products
of . all the counties now exhibiting are
arrayed. Here Mr. .Wright met Eastern
visitors and distributed literature and im
parted knowledge personally to all in
quirers concerning any particular section
which . seemed to . them to be adapted to
their uses and needs. . ¦ ¦ •
Doubtless the people of all sections of
the State will be surprised to learn that
tne Sacramento Valley Development As
sociation has withdrawn its personal rep
resentative, Mr. "Wright, secretary of the
association, from San Francisco. The ex
planation is that some of the counties rep
resented last year in the association have
not contributed ' the amounts for. which
they -were assessed by the committee of
the association for the purpose of carry
ing on the work for another year.
State Board of Trade Is Re
called. . :]'"[. '. '
NORTHERN COUNTIES
CLOSE CITY OFFICE
Bepresentative .. at Headquarters of
As past grand president of the New
1 01k Aerie of the Order of Eagles Chap
celle will sit in the Grand Aerie. In the
meantime he is busily engaged in looking
up hia old Frisco friends and receiving
their congratulations. He is accompanied
by his wife and baby.
a prominent firm of whisky distillers and
forged to the front. When James J. Cor
bt-tt decided to start In the saloon busi
ness In Gotham he left the selection of a
location to Chappelle, who also attended
to the matter of decorations and general
plan of the place. Chappelle took charge
of cigar counter at Corbett's place,
tfnd his bohemian qualities brought him
In contact with the social and political
leaders of New York City. Success after
success followed ChaopeUe, 1 and a year
ago he was. made the agent of a promi
nent champagne firm. • '?•
NE of the most prominent -mem
bers, of the. Order of Eagles who
will attend the Grand Aerie to
be held next week in this city
will be M. S. Chappelle of New
York City, better known in San Francisco
as "Manny"' Chappelle.-.
Four years ago Chappelle left the Pa
cific Coast for the East, determined to
win fame and fortune. By sheer deter
mination and strict adherence to busi
ness he returns as a representative man
of- affairs. There was no more, familiar
figure in San Francisco a few years ago
than "Manny" .Chappelle. Then suddenly
he dropped from sight, and it was learned
that he had sought broader fields. Going
to New York, he became associated with
OLD-TIME LODGE HOST Sf^H
AT AN ENTERTAINMENT
Valley No. 30 of the Ancient Order of
Workmen Celebrates an
, Anniversary.-'; . *
Valley Lodge No. 30 of the Ancient Or
der of United Workmen, now the largest
subordinate lodge of the order in Califor
nia, celebrated "the twenty-third anniver
sary of its institution by a* literary and
musical entertainment and dance in Pio
neer Hall last iiight. The hall, which was
vety tastefully decorated in pale blue,
white and gold and with the shield and
anchor emblematic of the order, was
crowded with members and many ladies,
who were entertained' with the following
numbers: '
Overture, orchestra; remaiks. Master Work
man E. F. Joy ;~ phonographic' selections; ad
dress, W. II. Barnes, P. O. M. W. ; son? and
dance, Lois Underwood; -recitation, Lou E.
Hays; mandolin selections, Walter Clarkson'3
Mandolin and Guitar Club: a few minutes
with Billy Brackett of the Columbia Minstrels.
The entertainment was followed by. a
programme of twelve dances. This func
tion was under the direction of the follow
ing committees:
¦ Reception committee— Dr. • -F. - W. Harris
(chairman), James C. Sharp, H. S. Dearborn,
J. H. P. Gedge, J. A. Johnston, T. H. Mac-
Dorald, S. D. Thurston, Charles E. Thu^ston,
CO. Burton, L. L. Ewlftg. J. W. Hostetlar,
Thomas H. Lord, Thomas O'Nei'l, J. O. Un
derwood,' M. 'J. Blackman, C. H. Eggebreoht,
John H. Grady, E. F. Joy, P. D. Mullaney,
William Brotlcrick, B. F, E11I9, A. H«u«sler,
H. J. Lask, P. F. McCarthy, Cris; Waller G.
H. Bailey, C. W. Decker, J. F. ¦ Glovor, Wil
liam R. Jack; J. - O. Mysell, W. A. Stewart,
F. D. Wells, James* M; Camp, F. A. , Flaherty,
C. E, Hunt. A. G.Lyle, .1. P. Ross. Commit
tee of arrangements— A. L. Woodmansee, : J. J.
Hayes, John W. McCarthy, S. H. Jenner, C,
t,. Quast. Floor manager — Joseph L. Tllden.
Floor committee — A. *A. Burton. H..G.-Arm
strong, I. W. Miller, J. C. Apple, W.-A. Ben
jamin, Joseph :Thcrpe.
Not in Favor of New Commission.
The members of* the Street Committee
of the Board of Supervisors expressed
themselves yesterday as being opposed to
Supervisor -Reed's proposed ordinance
creating a commission on parks and
boulevards, wnich -was referred to the
committee for report. Supervisors Con
nor, Dwyer and Curtis stated that they
would in all probability recommend the
ordinance for - indefinite postponement.
The ordinance makes it the duty of the
commission to. suggest tne needs of new
squares and • boulevards . as the develop
ment Of the city may demand. The Su
pervisors-named think that the present
Park Commission is fully competent to
carry out all improvements ?that* may -be
deemed necessary. They will certainly re
port against" the bill unless the Park
Commissioners I give their consent to the
appointment of a new commission as con
templated by the ordinance. '
Morphine Causes His Death.
The unknown man, who was found un
consclcus in a rooming-house at 174 Jessie
street, Thursday, died yesterday in the
Receiving Hospital. . The police believe
the .man was a morphine fiend arid acci
dentally took an; overdose of the drug,
from the effects of which he died. They
are I making every, effort ; to establish his
identity:,. . . _ , : \ .
"The Boers are determined to stick to
the. fight until they get the British out of
South Africa. The British would be glad
t° Elvethe Boers the Transvaal if they
would be satisfied with that, but they will
not accept it The British are bound to be
driven out of South Africa. Our poor old
President, Mr. Kruper is 76 years of age
and- deaf and blind. He Is broken down
with^sorrow over the misfortunes of his
?k D1^ RI * AN ' May 10 --Mrs. Botha, wife of
the Boer commander general, has arrived
here en route to Holland, where She will
see Kruger and request him to urge her
husband to abandon the war.' She speaks
M* I ¦?« u he l£ eat jn e nt accorded her bv
the British. She is accompanied by a
number of Boer women. ¦ y
NEW YORK, May 10.-A special to the
Sun from New Haven, Conn., says: Baron
H. L. de Glnseburg, who for eight years
was chief of the Transvaal secret service
and who is hereabouts raising money for
the Boer cause by lecturing, made a state
ment here this afternoon In an unguarded
moment that may throw a scare Into the
officials of Che English Government. He
said that Great Britain would be shaken
by a terrible event within a few dava
and conveyed the impression that an at
sse^iftissa?. to a8sassinat * *i ng
over Connecticut during the past few
days, men who had an intimate connec
tion witli the plot he had in mind, and
that the dark crime at which he myste
riously hinted would shake England. He
declined to specify the turn the horror
would take when he was asked If it meant
the assassination of the King by an an
archist, or if some high personage in Eng
land was doomed to die. He added that
his net receipts for the Boer cause in four
months past have been $27,240. Then he
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BRITAIN'S KING
MAY BE KILLED
Startling Statement of
Boer Agent in Con
necticut.
v ¦ ¦ .f.
graceful dancine. He was; however, bet
ter known to the residents of this city
as a singer. His voice was heard at ail
the socials and outings of the local clubs.
He scored a great hit as a member of the
Olympic Club minstrels. His presence was
missed at the annual outing of the Olym
pic Club last Sunday, as he had been a
leading figure in all the affairs. of .the or
ganization.
For many years he was employed by C.
E/ Bickford & Co. and his conscientious
labors were about to have been- rewarded
by an interest in the business.
Deceased was 28 years of age at Uie time
of his death. He was a native of iMew'
Jersey and the oldest son of David and
the late Annie Finnie and brother of Ma
mie, David, Jeannette, Jessie, Donald and
Helen Finnie.
FAVORITE YOUNG, SINGER
WHOSE SUDDEN DEATH
SHOCKED HIS FRIENDS.
Total $3,928,233 S3
An lnterestinc feature of • the report as
showing the months when the largest
amounts were collected is shown in the
following statement:
July, 1900. $71« 38: August. $170 21; September,
$77 W; October, $314,710 13; November. $3,867.
714 08; December, $11,067 84; January, 1901, $177.
60S 50; February. 1208. Hi 03; March, $149,243 79;
April, 11,193,581 14; total, »5,S2S,2S3 83.
office yesterday completed the compilation
of the figures, showing the total amount
of taxes of all kinds collected from July,
1900. tn April, 1901. both inclusive. The
sum of $3,92S,2S3 83 was deposited with the
Treasurer for tax collections, the Items
being segregated as follows:
Real estate, first installment J2,3is;227 63
Penalty for delinquency 3.801 25
Real estate, second Installment 2,236,247 17
-Personal property secured 1,280,377 60
Penalty for delinquency 524 S3
Personal property unsecured 14,019 81
Penalties for delinquency 23 27
Poll taxes 116 00
Taxes paid In duplicate 4.S3I 78
Advertising charges 1.4M S2
Taxes of back years 8,630 11
Figures Compiled in Tax Collector'3
Office Show Large Beturns for
Ten Months.
The bookkeepers in the Tax Collector's
NEABLY RT-y MTLXIONS
COLLECTED IN" TAXES
Early in March Mr.- Watkins returned,
accompanied by a friend. About the mid
dle of the, month Mrs. Watkins filed a
suit for divorce, alleging failure to pro~
vide. The suit came on for trial almost
Immediately. Mr, Watkins was In town,
but did not put In an appearance in court.
The whole proceeding did. not occupy ten
minutes. A settlement of property inter
ests was made out of court. The terms
were not made public except In so far as
they affected the little daughter. The
court appointed her father guardian and
her mother deeded her a considerable
piece of land. It is evident that the ar
rangements for a legal separation were
amicable and were agreed upon before the
papers in the suit were filed. During all
these proceedings the two were almost
constantly together and nobody not in
the secret would have suspected that: the
relations between them were strained.
As soon as the divorce was granted Mr.
Watkins quietly took his departure for
North Carolina without offering a word
of explanation. Less than | two months
thereafter came the sequel to this domes*
tic drama in the marriage at Reno.
Last January the young husband sud«
denly announced his intention of return
ing to North Carolina. This announce
ment marked the beginning of rumors to
the effect that domestic Infelicity had in
vaded the Watkins home. The fact that
Mrs. Watkins accompanied him a part of
the way on the Journey and that their re
lations appeared to be as cordial and con
fidential as ever apparently gave the He
to these rumors.
These two young people were sweet
hearts In their school days. The mother
of the bride, Mrs. E. C. Laugenour, took
her to North Carolina to prevent a union
to which she objected. While in North
Carolina Miss Laugenour met ; a young
man named W. H. Watklns. After a short
courtship they were married and returned
to California. So far as the outside world
could observe they lived happily together
for two years and a half. During that
time a daughter was born to them, and
if they entertained an opinion that mar
riage was to them a failure they discreet
ly kept all evidence of it from the public.
WOODLAND, May 10.— Walter F. Mal
com and Mrs. Emma Watkins, both of
this city, Journeyed to Reno on Wednes
day night to evade the California law
which prohibits marriage for one year
after divorce and were there married yes*
terday afternoon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Woodland Couple Jour
ney to Reno to Be
: . • Married.
LOVE TRIUMPHS
OVER THE LAW
He not only possessed a sweet tenor
voice but was a dancer of high order. He
was a familiar figure at the annual out
ings of the Caledonian and Scottish This
tle clubs and usually carried off prizes for
William Finnie was extremely popular
and had a host of friends. For fifteen
years he was a member of the Olympic
Club and for a lone time was identified
with its athletics, particularly excelling
at pole-vaulting. He - represented the
"winged O" in many a field day end car
ried the colors of .his organization to vic
tory- He held the championship of the
coast for many years in this event.
Death was due to a cancerous growth in
the throat. Two years ago Mr. Finnie was
afflicted -with a cold sore and blood poi
soning set in. A physician was called im
mediately and Mr. Finnie apparently was
soon out of danger. A new complication,
however, set In and caused him great suf
fering. A cancer made its appearance
and despite the best medical attendance
it spread until finally it caused his un
timely demise. Deceased had been con
fined to his home for the past three
months.
WILLIAM WALTER
the sweet singer and all-round
athlete, passed away at his
late residence, 124 Tremont
avenue, last Saturday, and on
the following day his remains were re
moved to a vault in Cypress Lawn Ceme
tery. Next Saturday the body will be In
terred and the many friends who knew,
him In his lifetime will attend the ob&e-.
quies. The board of directors of the Olym
pic and the Corinthian Yacht clubs have
pa sped resolutions of sorrow and have di
rected that beautiful flora! pieces be sent
to grace the bier of the departed club
man. ,
-;•¦- ' : - - . - - -.-... -» ¦¦--¦
M.S. CHAPPELLE, FAMILIARLY KNOWN AS "MANNY," WHO RE
TURNS HOME AFTER WINNING FOR HIMSELF A PROMINENT PO
SITION IN GOTHAM'S BUSINESS AND POLITICAL CIRCLES.
Rev. Andrew Parsons, pastor of the
J-'i:st New Jerusalem Church and Miss
Elizabeth Jones of New York City -will be
married next Tuesday afternoon. The
ceremony will be celebrated in the
groom's church, and Rev. Joseph Wor
cester of the Second Church will officiate.
The Swedenborglan minister will go to
the altar unattended. His bride will have
neither maid of honor nor bridesmaid.
The parishioners of the church have all
been asked to be present, and after the
ceremony they will assemble to congratu
late the newly wedded couple in the
church parlors.
Rev. Mr. Parsons and his bride will
leave for New York Tuesday evening,
where the honeymoon will be spent.
On Wednesday evening. May 15, 'he
New Dramatic Society will give a per
formance at- Saratoga Hall, aided by the
Greven Choral Society in choruses. Solos
will be rendered bv Miss M. E. Christes,
Miss Erne Happ, Miss Kittle McShane.
Miss L. von Geistefeld, A. F. Macphee. *'A
Noble Outcast" will be played by W. <i.
Sass, F. C. Germain. A. Tedsten, C. John
son, Leo Herrold, Mrs. F. C. Germain,
Miss Marjory Dean and Miss Lucille
Brook.
Mrs. William Green is the guest of Mrs.
Marks of 724 Golden Gate avenue. She
will b* at home to her friends May
21 and 22.
Miss Roeina Green will be at home to
her friends May 21 and 22 at ,724 Golden
Gate avenue.
The twenty-second annual pienfe given
by the San Francisco Frauen V<?rein will
he held at Plittsville Park, Fruitvale.
Sunday, Jure 23.
Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Dusenberv, accom
panied by their daughter. Miss Minnie,
w5!l leave for Europe on the 19th of May.
The marriage of Miss Lillie Charmak
and Sam Franklin will take place on
June 2.
Mr6. Thomas Drady has discontinued
her day at home and Is spending a. few
months at Goeppert's Villa, Larkspur.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The entertainment committee is as fol
lows: A. C. Berthier, chairman; Charles
G. Nagle. secretary; H. I. Mulcreavy. vice
chairman; William Clack, treasurer; R.
M. Donnelly, marshal. The Grand Aerie
will be officially opened at 10 o'clock
Tuesday at Pioneer Hall. There will be
three sessions the first day.
¦ Other visiting Eagles who arrived yes
terday were: Charles L. Thompson,
Cape Nome: William McKay, Denver; N.
Abrahams, Spokane; R. E. Tlerney, Eu
reka; T. J. Kurtz, Ogden: Benjamin,
Johnson, Salt Lake: Alvinger Brown, Salt
Lake; Thomas McNamee. Portland:
George "W. Hamilton. Aberdeen, Wash.;
S. J. Jones. Portland; C. F. Schoerttle.
Golden Gate Aerie No. (H, San Francisco;
A. S. Farlan, Salt Lake; I* N. Huggins,
Kammerer; Horace Mish. Walla Walla;
S. B. -WadRworth. Council Bluffs, . Iowa;
John E. Sheehan, Boston: Edgar A.
Liebes, Bakersneld; Bert Draper, Denver;
W. G. Proctor, Fresno.
Four hundred Eagles attended the meet
ing of the local aerie last night. Among
the candidates initiated was Police Judge
Charles T. Conlan. As the visiting Eagles
arrive to-day the iQcal committee on en
tertainment will meet them at Oakland
and the Third-street station and provide
accommodations for all who do not eo to
hotels. .
At the regular weekly meeting of San
Francisco Aerie last night more than fifty
Eagle3 from other cities were guests and
participated in the initiation exercises
that installed eleven new members. John.
J. Fitzgerald, Mayor of Pawtucket, R. I.,
was one of the prominent arrivals yester
day. ; : '**S '•"
The advance guard of. Eagles began to
arrive Wednesday night, but a full rep
resentation will not be In the city until
Sunday. An elaborate programme haa
been arranged to kee» the visitors busy
until the session concludes, May 19.-
Kvery train is bringing delegates to the
Grand Aerie, Fraternal Order of Eagles,
which convenes Tuesday at Pioneer Hall.
"Committees from the San Francisco Aerie
were busy all day yesterday meeting In
coming trains and arranging for the en
tertainment of a large number of Eagles
from all over. the country.
Elaborate Exercises and En
tertainments Are
Arranged.
bers Guests at Local
Aerie.
• -. .— — — •— ¦; - - .
Fifty Prominent Mem-
EAGLES COMING
BY ALL ROUTES
Ldmerlc*k and other towns of i Ireland
seized all the copies of William O'Brien's
weeklyJpaper, The Irish People, found at
the neVsdealers' tc-day. The offending
articles, it now appears,, were abusive at- ¦
tacks op King Edward, Cardinal Vaughan
and the address to the King,- which/ the
paper declares, was such as, might have
[ been presented to a Legree half a century
\ ago. The article finds consolation in the
fact that the presentees were English
Catholics, "',' who' are repudiated, by the '
only really Catholic . nation now* In ex-;
istence. The loyalists "represented- Eng
land only, and if the English Cathoilc3
choose- to acknowledge themselves super
stitious 1 idoiators.lt is,no fault of ours." j
. The following are seme of the personal
ities of^ The Irish People wliich. caused the
paper's seizure last night:
, Skarp .Words for the King. -
Downfupcn his knees before an old and bald- !
headed .roue— lover of every woman of fair
feature* who has appeared in KngllKh society
for iorty years,' lncluUink .titled damea and ae
yet untltled . actresses— the KnglUh gentleman
perjurer ot a historic divorce case, th.4 polluted
heru of lone of the most malodorous, scenes In
Zola's -rotten novel ' "Xana" ; the. center of a
score of ths most disgrace 'ill scandals of i»ia
most contemptible- type— down in front of this
English" King, whoso latest public performance
was to* stigmatize on his solemn oath the
whole Catholic world as superstitious idolators,
"knelt tbe Knglish-born Cardinal Prince of the
Church: with a document that might/ have
been presented to a Ijegree in a Southern plan
tation fifty years ago, but not by -Uncle Tom,
poor but contented, of Harriet Beecher Stowe's
great story, who -would have- seen his :blacki
skin stl-lpped oft Inch by inch, rather than put I
his mark to a document like that 'signed and
presented by Cardinal Vaughan and the Duke
of Norfolk en his solemn oath.
We I do not believe he attached the
slightest solemnity to the performance. But
the fact remains — this old ' and worn out de
scendant of a race of scoundrels and practical
professors of hideous immorality asseverated
thafnwst of the sacred doctrines of the Cath
olic faith were idolatrous and - superstitious.
He has not yet recanted. He has not said a
word to Indicate that ¦ he did not thoroughly
approve or the terms of the oath framed in
the days of Tltup. The oath of a perjurer is
no less* vile than that of the reigning King;
but oni bended knees the Prince of the Church
knelt before this unutterably abominable per
son. I-iet us console ourselves with the fact
that t{ie presentees .were English ( Catholics.
The' k police of London are suppressing
copiest of The Irish People forwarded be
fore the office in Dublin was seized, ?_
D enunciation in Parliament.
LONDON, May 10.— At the conclusion of
the session of the House of Commons to
day John Dillon (Nationalist) -moved the
adjournment of the House in order to call
attention to the seizure of The Irish Peo
ple \Dillon complained that the action
of the authorities was grossly Illegal and
aakecT whether it was due to the attack
on Wyndham. the Chief Secretary for Ire
land, (or to the attack on the King. Wynd
ham replied that it was owing to the at
tack ,on the King.
Continuing Dillon said he was- not con
cerned to defend the violence of the at
tack, t but any seizure- should have been
done, through the courts. Far more vio
lent attacks on Queen Victoria had been
made in the English papers without their
being, seized. The present action was ¦. a
blow < at the liberty of the press.
William Redmond (Nationalist) charac
terized the article complained of as a very
proper and patriotic attack on -the con
duct of the Chief Secretary. jWyndham.
In defending the seizure." deellnetHiO" "poll
his li-ps with reading the attack on- the
King; which . constituted seditious libel,
nor would he wound the feelings of mil
lions by propagating the outrageous, gross
and scurrlllous lies of the article."
The motion for an adjournment was de
feated by a vote of 252 to 64.
. The morning papers are unanimous in
denouncing- the scandalo"" attackof "The
Irish' People" upon the King, but serious
aoubts ar« raised. as to tne Wisdom of
Wyndham's action in seizing the paper,
first.; because- the .seizure was illegal, it
being; a case for prosecution; and second,
because to the delight' of the Irish mem
bers it has given world-wide publicity to
O'Bri'en's hitherto little known paper and
will, "the Nationalists claim, be: worth
thousands of dollars to them - from
American sympathizers. Many friends of
the Government consider it would have
been; better had Wyndham . ignored the
matter. • . '
It appears that O'Brien was lying ill at
Mallow and was not responsible for the
objectionable, issue. It is understood that
the Government has no intention to pros
ecute the paper.
Nationalists in the Commons
Object to Government's
Action. . -
DUBLIN, MaylO.— The police of Cork,
POLICE SEIZED
O'BRIEN'S PAPER
Publication Denouncing
- /fche King Is Sup
Drowned, bydiM recovered— April 29. Com
pany H. First Infantry. Robert L. Keeler;
April n, Company A, Twenty-first Infantry.
\\ Alter Afthworth: Mny 1. band. Fifth Cavalry,
lienjamln Kvans.
Uyseniery— March r». Company L., Eighteenth
Inrtntry. Musician Charles H. Spurgeon; May
1. Company F Eighteenth Infantry, Corporal
William U. Schultz; May 4. Company O, Twen
ty-second infantry, Albert O. Mcllvane: April
15. Company F. liisrhteenth Infantry. Roderick
I.ittlefield. Ai.ril 27, Company K. Fourteenth
lmantry, Adam Kichsbtsttrfer.
Typhoid fev«r— April 30. Company B. Third
Infantry William R. Metz^r: May 8, Comisany
F. Eighteenth Infantry. Columbus Sparks; May
4. Company G. Sixth Cavalry. Lawrence Mur
j;hy
All other diseases— Hay 3. Company M, Sev
*ntttnth Infantry. Edward E. Dlckeyj Com
.j-any K. Fort? -ninth Infantry. Isaiah Crocks;
-*prll 20 at s*-a. Company E« Fifth Infantry,
Frank C. Carter: May 6. Company H. Fifth In
fantry Wmicrr. Burr.*: May 2. Forty-second
Infantry. Harry J. McOloy; April £S. Company
J, Fcrty-eiRhth Infantry, Charles Johnson;
Company 1. Third Cavalry, Ralph Mollneux;
May J. Company D, Ninth Infantry. Howard
L.. Mar:l?i: Company L. Nineteenth Infantry,
Cor}>oral rrank H. Edwards: April 27. Company
G, Second Infantry. Frank Mattice.
MAKILA, May 10.— Cailles, the insur
gent leader In Laguna province. Is being
closely chased. He is supposed to have
gone- southward of Lapuna province and.
is not likely to surrender, fearing the
payment of a personal penalty for his
numerous assassinations.
One hundred Insurgents, Tuesday even
ing, attacked Paglibae. In Tayabae. which
province •was considered to be pacifled.
The Insurgents were .repulsed without
loss. *j*
A detachment of. the Twenty-first In
fantry routed 150 rebels at Zurbanos
Camp, rear Luhban, and captured a large
quantity of supplies.
WASHINGTON. May 10.— General Mac-
Arthur, at Manila, cables the following
list of deaths:
Detachment of the Twenty-
First Routs an Insurgent
Band.
Americans in Hot Pur
suit of the Assassin
Cailles.
TROOPS CHASE
A REBEL LEADER
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 11, 1901.
OLD FRIENDS WELCOME
"MANNY" S. CHAPPELLE
Returns: Here to Attend Grande Aerie of Eagles— Is
Now Prominent New York Business Man.
¦ - - -I - *.¦-; l£ x _ - . ¦¦¦-,.,
Cancerous Growth Ends the Promising Career of
Popular William Walter Finnie. W,
SWEET SINGER'S VOICE
IS STILLED BY DEATH
13
| Immediately on Arisirtg $
# in the Morning : Take % a. Goblet of the A
i BEST NATURAL LAXATIVE ' WATER] KNOWN, J
. J ... It is a .'.'friend indeed" (the next morning) to the "diner-out."
v ™-. ¦.•¦ A «peedy, sure and gentle cure for all disorders of the stomach and liver. It has
:P ¦ ; . . '; ' no equal as^'a remedy for
J - ; Constipation and Biliousness* t
£ v To Protect Yourself Against Substitution i
i BE SURE AND USE THE FULL HAME- u HUaYAD!-JAMOS" |
| > Label on Bottle is Blue^with Red Centre Panel. 1, fTHE SAN IBANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, MAY 11, 1901.
14
COTTAGES FOR SALE. !
COTTAGE. 5 rooms; modern Improvements and
bath. 13C5 Ellis St.; key 1221 Lacuna, t
. DENTISTS. j~ .
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, .rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly.: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 DO up; plates, extractions free, $450 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 1 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 1 years'
experience; no students; advice free;! prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 60; fillings,
Me; plates, $5: full set; all work palnle'ss and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office lljl Polk st.. cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
A NEW thing in gold filling; no hammering
as before: absolutely no pain: 1 call t inves-
tigate; examinations free. Ideal Dental Co..
6 Eddy st.. rooms 44 and 32. .
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor.^Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3: fillings. 25c."
DR. R. L. WALSH.815% Geary. nr. Larkln'— Paln-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up: phone Polk 1135.
DR. II. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
COc. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St..- cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
' days.- 1001 Market st., corner Sixth. ___
SET of teeth without plate. DR. |H. G.
YOTTNG. 1341. Polk st. ¦•.'.-
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & MIMnery School-
Class rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market St. -
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor ft Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
G^XLA^H^R^iXRSH^CoiTegeT ParrotT^ldg^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; • Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing. taught; prac-
i tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
/ S. F.— Bookkeeping," shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches;, civil,
electrical and mining engineering. . etc. ; day
& night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $30; Individual
instructions: positions secured; catalogue free.
A THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, .President Jordan, or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.]
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mining.mpch., sur-
vey assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping; figures: short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
tvping. removed to new quarters, rms. 40-43,
Parrott bldg.: Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
WANTED— A few pupils in all branches In
oil painting by very competent lady teacher;
COc. 'Box E, Call office. . ¦
PROF. MERKI. from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. 100S Mission st. |
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission; nr. Cth.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher. 513 McAllister st. : '
ELECTRO-TIIERAPUTIC-i
Electric-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium, 8 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ITALIAN Labor Supply Co., 24 Montgomery
- ave., tel. John 14S1, will supply labor -free of
charge; specialty of railroad help, farm
hands, miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc.
JAPANESE Employment office and: House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
I AOKI & CO., 421 Post st. ; tel. Bu6h 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning &! employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Mam 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese employment 1 office—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st.:tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED- — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS nurse would like to take care
of children; Alameda preferred; best of refer-
ences. Call one week 525 Eighth St., Oakland;
tel. 3576 Black. • \ ¦ \
A YOUNG French girl from the East wants
situation as a nursegirl; good sewer; flrst-
class references. Address 324 Bush ,st., the
Elmer.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to go out
by the day to do washing and Ironing. 2395
Post St., corner Lyon. j
WANTED — By elderly woman, do housework
family: good cook; !s steady, reliable woman.
306 Minna st. . •
BLANKETS washed to perfection and returned
In two days. by MRS. NIELSEN, 45% Rltch
st., between Folsom and Harrison. : .
j GOOD experienced laundress would like work
by the day or week. Please call at 534 How-
ard st. . ' _ •
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to
$6 week: convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
j received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
I A BRANCH, office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st. i '
i EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — MALE.
MARRIED man wants situation on a gentle-
man's place as coachman or gardener; good
references from the East; no objections to
going to country. Address 4174 Twenty-fifth.
CJVIL engineer wishes to do work at home;
understands all lines of engineering and arch-
itecture; reasonable prices; quick work. Ad-
dress 1033 Union st.
WANTED— Situation as coachman in private
family; Oakland preferred ; first-class refer-
ences from East. Address 4174 Twenty-fifth.
WANTED— By young man, aged 38 years, care
of horses, cow, etc.; can drive and be gen-
orally useful. J. R., room 119, 148 Sixth st.
CAKE baker, Swiss. 7 years' experience, good
all-around man, wants situation as second
or third* hand. 625 Pacific st.
YOUNG man, German, would like position as
bartender in country town; best of refer-
ences. Address box 4140, Call office.
JANITOR wants another office to keep clean;
first-class references. Box 4122, Call office.
WANTED— Situation by an all-around engineer,
electrician and machinist; 18 years' experience
in care of electric light, water works and elec-
tric power plants, electric and compressed air
and mining machinery; at present master me-
chanic of a large mining plant; good reasons
for leaving; steady, honest and strictly tem-
perate; best of references: competent to take
charge of any plant; would like steady posi-
tion. Address box 3023, Call office..'
I AM looking fpr a position wherein j wide ex-
perience In all agricultural branches— Europe,
U. S. and 15 years California— together with
broad education, good handwriting, bookkeep-
ing, correspondence, etc., could earn moderate
salary for an old bachelor. German, box 500
Call office. ' , r
SOBER youth of 20. 4 years'- experience, wants
position in drug store; good references; will-
ing to work for board and room till ability
demonstrated. Address F..G,- BAKER, Los
Banos, Cal.
ELDERLY man wants employment! in office,
store, cigar stand, copying, any light work:
wages no object; good references. Box 3S28
Call : office. .-. ' . |i :
WANTED— A position as gardener on private
place or. residence; many -years' experience;
steady and sober man. Please address or call
1309 Stockton st.
STRICTLY temperate single man seeks work;
porter, watchman or ¦ trustworthy situation;
excellent ¦ character: references. Advertiser,
.Station 2, Oakland. • . ' .-¦ ' ; :
STEADY, experienced waiter, can cook short
• orders, wants position; hotel or lunch counter,
out of city. , 29 Winchester House.: '
WANTED— By a good violin and sliding trom-
/ bone player, • situation as a barber." Address
S. MICKELSON, . 635 Clay. st. • ;
YOUNG man would: be glad to hear of a situa-
tion in grocery store or I a position of ¦ any
B kind;.good reference. Box 3000,' Call office.
YOUNG man with 5 years' experience in office
position or will accept any other kind
of employment; no soliciting. . Box 1 3611, Call.
* nRLP WANTI5T* — MALE— -Cnn.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. Navy: able-bodied unmarried men of ,gooa
character, between the ages of 21 and 3»: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and notover 6 leet 1
inch, able to read and speak EnslUh. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st.. San -Francisco. ____
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade In two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no Be shop in connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture are
all made to our own order, with a view to
cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 63a Clay st_
Beware of any cheap imitations.
SALESMEN-For high-grade book proposition:
no. house work; sold to the best pepole only;
must be of good education, address and ap-
pearance: references required as to trust-
worthiness and ability. Address box 3623.
Call office. .'
WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class carriage gear and body maker;
Fteady employment to right party and nrst-
class wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO.. Facramento. Cal.
WANTED— Young man as outside draper and
salesman in drapery department; state age.
experience and salary expected. Box 3627,
Call office. ..
WANTED— At Restaurant Keepers' Associa-
tion. 127 . Mason St.. restaurant help of al»
kinds;, male and female: register at once;
permanent positions : gdod pay. '
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150 larg«
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. • .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
HORSES AXD
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade -Horse Market.
327 ~ Sixth ot. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. .
WANTED— Second-hand surrey or other two-
seated rig In good condition, double and sin-
gle harness, and team. Send particulars and
price of all or either, box 2643. Call office.
A HIGH-GRADE rubber tire road wagon and
harness; handsome 6-year-o'd mare; complete
outfit In perfect condition; price $3C0. Box
2049, . Call office. »
S. F VETERINARY College will commence its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
. M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
GOOD single horse peddling wagon; good re-
pair; snap. Box 4120, Call office.
ONE good work team; snow white pony, gentle,
for children; hack cheap. 2453 Mission st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAS & SON. 2117 Mission st.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon; for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^P^K^raD^JST^H^u^eTToTein^elid^or^i^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A NICE sunny house of 8 rooms and bath:
modern. 1512 Howard St., near 11th st.
A HOUSE of 5 rooms. 2311 Polk st. •
$10 — HOUSE. 3 rooms; yard; water free. 225
Klrhth st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED house from 6 to 20 rooms; east of
Larkln. Box 4im. Call office. -
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST — Cleveland wheel No. 257,811, in front of
Finnlgan's saloon. Golden Gate ave. and Lar-
kin st. Finder return to same place and re-
ceive reward; no questions asked.
LOST— May 7. a bunch of keys on Market St.,
near Sixth; one key numbered 74. Return to
GEO. TRACY. Southern Police Station. New
City Hall.
LOST— Pocket-book on Berkeley train. Re-
turn 1323 Union st.: reward.
LOST— On trolley ride, on Wednesday night,
from Second and Market to Cliff House, a
bug pin with 18 small diamonds. Finder please
return to 3250 Twenty-second st. and receive
price of pin as reward.
LOST— Llewellyn setter bitch, black and white
ticked, black patch under left eye. Return
St. Lawrence Stable, 423 Post St.; receive $20
reward.
LOST— A passbook with the HIb-frnIa Savings
ami Loan Society of San Franci3oo. In the
name of MICHAEL J. FITZGERALD; Now
96-682. The finder will please return to bank.
FOUND— Light sorrel horse at Mission San
Jose road. Appfy at French Dairy, 523 Cam-
bridge St., S. F.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jewelr. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMOXI AL. <
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
Bend 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
ALL contemplating matrimony send 10 cents
for "The Wedding Bell." 18 Mason st.
MATTRESSES AXD UPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and pillows; tel. South 792;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleaned: expert carpet cleaning; strictly reli-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL.
A — RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Markt.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give
instant relief for all female' complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MR3. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market St.. next to Owl Drug Store.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market, ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy: a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day: harmless; consultation free.
IMPORTANT notice to ladles— Price reduced
from $10 to $2 50; more to do and less charges:
no medicine or pills used; 37 years' experi-
ence: in all cases satisfaction guaranteed;
cure in one day. DR. POPPER, medical spe-
cialist. 12 Mason st., near Market.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market, bet. 6th
& 7th— Expert specialists; well known and re-
liable: 25 yrs. experience; treatment guarant'd
to give Instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent specialists: consult free.
MRS. DR WYETH. reliable specialist; 26 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dels' specialist: best medical care: low fees.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, Id-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
' second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission st.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
AS I am retiring from business I offer a $1COO
burglar proof safe for $350 and a fine riuno
for $30. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
I AM retiring -from business: bargains In dia-
mond?, watches, jewelry; goods at your own
prices; take your chclce. UNCLE HARRIS
15 Grant ave.
A BEAUTIFUL pair opera glasses^for $3- cost
originally $12. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant
' avenue. . *
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery en-
gines, boiler!", water pipes, shafting pulleys
etc WHITELAW. 216 Spear st. B ' puIleys -
OLD lumber. $8 per thousand ; all kind* J
- REYNOLDS,, dismantler of buildings Perry
st.. between Fourth and Fifth.
WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 20 H P~-
will exchange - for gas engines. LIVINGS-
TON, 558 Mission st. , ' ->".'-. Vii>us>
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats $1 75 Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
TYP » EW .5 ITERS a J any prIce t( > cI °»e ">em
A NO. 1 fresh young cow; calf, 3 days; milks 20
quarts dally; gentle. , S3 Shotwell st. '
1000 YARDS of redwood rarland to sell to dec-
orators and stores. 532 Valencia; tel. Capp 573.
HOUSE for sale to be torn down. 420 Ellis st.
Apply to HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
CHOICE runts, ; runt crosses. . white - homers;
prices reasonable. 2041 Unden »t.. Oakland.
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine:
good order; cheap. 1S15 Mission Bt.. nr. 15th.
THOROUGHBRED- water spaniel pups. ' 144
' Flood ave.. Sunnyslde. . . t
FOR SALE— A St.. Bernard pup 6 months old;
¦ cheap.' 610 ; Larkln st. '
MIS CELLAXEOtJS FOR 9ALE— Con.
SECOND-HAND of aH ktads bou7h£
sold, rented and exchanged. H. S. vVHITE.
516 Mission st. ' ' ;
HEADQUARTERS 'or trunks bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellis gt.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand moving pi c .
tures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
1 J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. ;
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 06 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and maslc lantern goods
bought.- cold, exchanged. 1C9 Montgomery st.
S \FES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO. s 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
31ISCELLANEOUS MUSTS.
COMPANY wanted to sink on land adjoining
upper part of Kern County In oil belt for
one-fifth. Apply to W. M. STANSBURY.
faai-ta Rosa, Cal. .
WANTED— A Smith A Wesson 38: good condi-
tion; fair price. "Cash." box 3617, Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth; teL Folsom 252?.
WANTED— 2d-hand upright piano or organ for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market st.
.__ OX , E Y TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.: do
not borrow of your friends or you will los»
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market at.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
:Y...... IS MORTGAGED
arid you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gagea. etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgage*, estates In probate, interes/
in estates, legacies: corporation loans, chatter
mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floo^
Chronicle building. jHALLORAN & OLSEN 1 .
ANY amount at 6%; first, 2d and 3d mort-
gages undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAK. 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jonea.
ON furniture, pianos ; no ! removal ; money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 63.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS on salaries without lndors»r or secur-
ity: Eastern plan. Pearson. 309 Phelan bids.
DEA.L direct: furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick. US McAllister.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81. 8 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. i-\ California.
CASH loaned on salaries : New York plan. THH
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country. 6%. undi-
vided lnts. : estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
¦
ON salaries or wages: no indorser required. S. V
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome at., room 2.
CASH loaned tn salaried peoole on note without
\ inrior«er. MOPBET.L. fiW TTxamiiT biilldinsr.
MUSICAL IXSTRHMENTS.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella $65 2 Chickerlngs (like
1 Heine baby grand new) $200
(like new) $325 2 Heines $315 up
1 Steinway $1S5 1 Hallet-Davls $465
And fifty others; rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. Agents for some
of the oldest and most famous pianos In ex-
istence. Including Hallet-Davls. Indorsed by all
the greatest masters; over 50.000 in use in most
exclusive homes. Heine Piano Co.. 217 Geary.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway .
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St., Oakland.
REMOVAL, of KEEFFE^S piano store from.
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
314 Post st., opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. 314 Post st.. between Stock-
ton and Powell.
AT BYRON MAUZY* S. 308 POST ST.
You are Invited to call and hear the Peer-
less electric self-playing piano attachment:
can be put in any piano: also to Inspect our
piano factory and «ee how a piano is made.
Agest Sohmer. Byron Mauzy. Gabler, Ham-
llton. Sp'.elmann pianos. ¦
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago la KOHLER & CHASE'S. 28.
2S and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains — 1 Emer-
son. 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling, $75. $125, $145. etc. ; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. IS O'Farrell st.
Chickering, Vose. Ste-ling- Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
FROM now until June 1 we will .have a genu-
ine cash clearance sale of pianos. Customers
can get the best bargains in the city from us
during this sale. The ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
A— $400; UPRIGHT grand, new, for almost
half. 216 McAllister st.
HAVE sold 1 piano; have another excellent up-
right at big bargain. J. H. Kllgo, 843 Mission.
LUDWIG pianos the most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. gefteral agents. 933 Market st.
FOR sale — Silver-plated Boston cornet cheap.
29 Twenty-eighth' at. •
GOING to Nome— Must sacrifice elegant 3-pedal
upright piano. 219 Leaven worth st., nr. Eddy.
KRANICH & BACH pianos, musicians* delight.
Sole agency BRUBNN. 208 Post st.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
Geary St.. room S3.
A SMALL Chickering upright. $125; 6 uprights.
second-handed; your -choice at $110. 817 Geary.
J43 UPRIGHT. ?125 Knabe. $133 Steinway ft
Sons, at FAY'S piano factory. 1729 Mission.
AT "WILSON'S Storage. 1709 Market St.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song.
BARGAIN— Must be sold: nice upright piano.
SCHM3TZ. IS McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
SUPF.RIOR violins, zithers, old and new H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
CORJTER Market and Guerrero, large store;
fine location for drug store. liquor or other
business; living rooms: $21. '
TO rent or lease— Second floor. 820 Market «t..
opposite Palace Hotel: Al business location.
Apply to- GEO. H. COVERT. 623 Market rt.
OYSTER stand to let. 236 Third st.
BAKERY with oven: 4 living rooms: good loca-
tlon. Apply 1009 Guerrero st. ¦ -
SANSOME. S04— Large, handsome store; re-
duced to $8 per month. -
LIGHT sunny offices $15 to «20. Emma Spveck-
«¦•« biTn«Hr».>. «77 M»rk>t »t-
~ ~~~~~ OIL. .
COSTA Rica. 10 cents per share, will make you
rich- you cannot lose your money; stock guar-
anteed bv S. F. real estate bonds, certified to
bv Cal Safe Deposit and Trust Co. : senJ for
prospectus. Pacific States Mining and Invest-
roent Co.. 326 Post St. . -
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company:
operating on 2120 acre? of oil land In nine
districts. Office. 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
1C00 SHARES Lincoln oil stock, now selling at
company's office for $1 pec share, i will b»
sold for 30 cents per share. Box 3814. Call.
LIVE orcanlzers can secure oil lands without
cash. Call "NOW." 38 Geary st.. room «.
OIL tanks. seeond«-hand.. in good order: all
»____r_____T_________T__________________^
~ OIIa LANDS-
OIL lands for sale or lease in all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands In the
best localities. If you are looking for lanrtj
or wish to Invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewr.era.
SHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
OIL STOCK.
EXCHANGE- for oil stock— Improved or unlrav
proved real estate to exchange for good o<
stock: state price and company. Address box
2234 Call office, Oakland.
• ". . - •*
EMPLOYMENT WANTEEt-MALEC
WANTED— A chance to go to Alaska to^work
"in the mines with fare prepaid.' Addi ess
FRANK CI J .O FAUGH. Mountain View. Cal.
RELIABLE, sober German'(30) wishes position
.as driver: city or country. Box 361U. lau.
STRONG young German, age 20 years, willing
to work, who learned : farming . in •Germany,
wants position in country. J. maus>, .ltif
Myrtle st. Oakland. . . -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 220O Flllmore. ¦ ,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions: has been established at 1095
' Valencia st. , . • : ¦ - ¦¦-..._______
FEATHER R£NOV AT1NG.'
Feather beds, pillows, -hair mattresses steamed,
purified. Owen McCabe, 870 Mission, cor. 5th.
FLATS TO LET.
H^TTTTOmTaTXbl^nT"^
eth St.. near Eureka.
NEW ¦ modern sunny flat, G rooms, bath, etc.
1422 Clay St., near Leavenworth. ¦ .- :
SEVEN Bimny rooms; bath. 961 Golden Gate
ave., opposite Jefferson square; $32 50.
SUNNY modern upper flat; 5 clean rooms,
bath. 881 Capp st., near Twenty-fourth.
SUNNY upper flat 5 rooms and bath. 1012 Thir-
teenth St., near Scott. •
SUNNY corner; new; 9 rooms, bath, attic; $60;
water extra. Page st. and Central ave.^
TWO new elegant flats Just finished; 8 rooms,
bath; rent $42 50. 1523 Clay St.. near Hyde.
UPPER flat of 7 rooms. 537 Stevenson, bet. 6th
I and 7th; $15; suitable for roomers.
D ROOMS and bath: clean. 081 Harrison St.,
near Sixth. ¦. . ' ' •
6-ROOM flat fur. or unfurnished, with bath,
garden: no' small children. 1131 .McAllister.
FLATS TO LET Furnished. ',
A^uXTsTT"comforTable rooms, bath; 2 beds:
gas and coal stoves; all necessaries. ¦ 1917
Geary st. . . ¦; ' ¦ '
MODERN furnished flat. O rms. & bath, piano,
etc., to Sept. 1: cheap. 1530 Grove. 2 to 4 p. m.
NICELY furnished upper flat of 5 rooms, with
piano. 721% Grove; call bet. 10 and 6 o'clock.
HANDSOMELY furnished flat: 3 rooms' and
bath; 2 folding beds; $15. 1537 Larkin St.
NEWLY furnished flat of 6 rooms; piano;
bath; $f,0 a month; adults. 1607 Webster st.
furniture: for sale. , .
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
rang*. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
THE' furniture of a 7-room house for sale
cheap. 961 Howard St.; no agents.
ASSORTMENTS of furnitu-e, carpets and
stoveg; give us a trial. 1114 Mission at.
FURNITURE WAX-TED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W. E.Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
WANTED — Furniture for 5 or 7 rooms; must be
cheap. Box 51. Call office.
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 Kearny, buys &
sells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpets, etc.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1341.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 928 Howard st.
ART goods and fine furniture bought. Indiana
Auction Co.. 117 Sutter st.; tel. James 141.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin: tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd "houses bought: spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. i 1135 Market st. : tel. Jpssie 761.
' _ '"jfe** }y r AX r ,T^ p ~~ FEMALE '
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 head waitresses, summer resorts.... ..$35-$40
2 waitresses, summer resort $20
10 waitresses, city and commercial hotels.. $20
2 chambermaids, to wait, country $20
Chambermaid, rooming-house, city $5 wk.
Laundress, city hotel $33
Mangier to go to Lake Tahoe, fare paid, see
party here, $25; an extra waitress to serve
ice cream for the 13th, $3 a day and free fare
¦across the bay.
. FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
3 cooks, city and. country $30
5 house girls, country, fare paid ...$25
House girls, second girls, nurse girls, city
. and country.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Cook for San Jose. $35; cook. Ran
Rafael, $35: San Leandro, $30: laundrees. $35;
2 lroners. $30; flrst-class nurse, $25; 2 wait-
resses, country hotel, $25: 4 waitresses for
family boarding-houses, $20: two waitresses
¦ for summer resort, go the 20th. $20; kitchen
helper, summer resort, $23; 8 cooks, German
style, $30: 44 girls for housework, city and
country. $25 and $30. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
WANTED— 12 cooks, city and country, $30 and
$35; cook for restaurant, $10 a week; nurse
for 2 children, $25; laundress. $35: 4 second
girls, $20 and $25; 8 waitresses for city and
country) hotels and resorts, $20 and $25 and
$9 week:* 44 srirls for housework in city and
country, $25 and $30. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. .
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ¦
:Head waitress, $35; head waitress, $30; 15
?waitresses, city and country. $20 and $25;
4 chambermaid*, to wait, $20; 2 chamber-
maids, J15. ¦ • ' ,
. FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
German nurse, one child, $25; ranch cook, no
washing, $25, see lady here; cook, city, $30;
many others. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335
Geary st. -
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12."
Waitresses, resorts, $20; chambermaids, $15.
WANTED— In San Rafael, a neat, obliging girl
about 28 years of age for second work and
attend grown children; must have good refer-
ence; wages $25 per month. . Address P. . O.
box 396. San Rafael. ' .
WANTED— Experienced operators on women's
wrappers; inside work: electric power; steady
work. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
WANTED — Experienced presser for factory
work; women's and children's wear. MARKS
BROS., 1212 Market st. . . . _
OPERATORS on bar coats: also custom shirt
hands and good cuff operators: steady work
and good pay. Apply 36 Geary St., rm. 46.
GIRL or middle-aged woman for. light house-
work: 3 in family. 6G Joost ave.,' Sunnyslde;
take San Mateo car. ¦-¦•--.¦¦ - ¦«
OPERATORS on overalls; also experienced
buttonhole operators. , HEYNEMANN & CO.,
410 Mission st. '
GENTLE-WOMAN to travel for one year; work
¦pleasant, creative and educational; salary
and expenses; references. Box 3620, Call.
GIRL or woman to assist in general house-
work. 328 Haight St.. 10 and 12: references.
A YOUNG _irl to assist light housework and
care of child. 2502 Folsom St.
EXPERIENCED waitress and chambermaid.
Apply bet. 9 and 10 a. m.,' 2100 Washington st.
EXPERIENCED girl in" bookbindery. 543
Clay st. ¦¦¦-¦"¦' . .
WANTED— Experienced waitresses; also girls
to learn. 127 Mason st. - . -
WANTED— Neat girl for dining-room. CAPI-
TAL RESTAURANT, 206 McAllister st.
GIRL wanted as working housekeeper; refer-
ences. - 1135 Park ave., Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS ladles" hairdressers, who under-
stand ventilating preferred. 40 Geary Bt.'' , .
MIDDLE-AGED American woman as house-
keeper for country; $10 per month. Box
3100, Call. ¦- . ¦•""¦
EXPERIENCED bindery girl wanted. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st
GOOD girl wanted to learn bookbinding. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st.
WANTED— In/San Rafael, a neat, obliging girl
about 28 ; years of age for second work and
attend grown children: must have good refer-
ence; wages $25 per month. Address P. O.
; box 196. San Rafael." ' ¦
EXPERIENCED operators '¦ on ¦ electric I power
sewing machines on white and golf shirts at
GREENEBAUM. WEIL & MICHELS. 531
Mission at. '••.*•'¦ ¦••'.'•'¦' ' • "'•
WANTED— A woman, German preferred, for
general housework, an<5 'cooking -In Alameda.
- Call mornlnga at 538 Polk st... city.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies; state age,
experience and salary expected. Apply box
3C62, Call office. ' - ' ' ' ¦ v:
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory. 32% Fremont st. Apply; to
MR. DAVIS. . , ' V
WANTED— Experienced operators and finish-
ers on shirts and ladles' waists.- EAGLESON
V CO... 635. Market st. -- 1 1 ;.-• ¦ -»¦¦ ¦ - ,' ¦ ¦
GERMAN woman, witti no . incumbrance : as
housekeeper; $15 ; good home. Box 3641. Call.
MORE young girls to learn cigar making; $3 a
week while; learning. s ; 621 Montgomery st.
YOUNG ' girl, to assist with houaework. 45
Bartlett at. ..-•-. •¦¦' --¦.•'• :.¦"..-'. ¦'.; ¦ "
GIRL t or woman to assist with . housework.
1130 Church st... near Twenty-fourth.;
WANTED-rPlano « player for country; lady
preferred. Box 3607. Call 'office. ,. v
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
, received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore 8t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
; i subscriptions ¦. has been ~ established : at ., 1096
, Valencia ; «t" - ijSSajraHjJSffi *
BUSINESS CIIAXCES — Continued.
BUTCHER business in country town averag-
ing 165 per day; property will invoice price.
Address E., €15 Larkln st^ '
A GOOD paying delicacy'and restaurant at 411
Turk st. : no agents. ¦ ¦
FOR sale — Branch bakery and notion store. 591
Fourth St.; no agents. ¦
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE. I
A, CAMERON & CO.,
550 Market St. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 828.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices.
26 rooms; corner: money maker: reduced.. $1400
]S rooms; cor.; good furniture and carpets. 900
100 rooms; one-half cash, bal. 8 per cent.. 1500
34 rooms; rent $130;- elegantly furnished;
paying house; good perm, and trans....
15 rooms: choice resident part city: ele-
gantly furnished: upright piano; modern;
% cash: reduced to ljnj
33 rooms; office; clears $100; 2 entrances.. 2000
8-room modern flat; well furnished 4ofl
16 rooms; rent $50: mixed furniture 1000
50 rooms; 2 entrances; good furniture, car-
pets and location; always full: clears
f!50 3500
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG- ,
EST LIST IN TOWN.
8 rooms: well furnished: good location. .$200
9 rooms; N. Market St.; worth double.. 301 |
18 rooms: fine corner; must pell: departure. !>50 !
46 roomfi: correr; down town; select: cash 2000 S
65 rooms; cheap rent: most desirable 2500,
102 rooms: best money maker In cltv 5500:
118 r modern house: good cor.; make offer.
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding houses and country hotels.
P<»e our special bargain list IWnre buj'lng.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN By Call Bldg.
719 Market st.: monev to loan: tel. Black 1*13.
11 rooms: rent $30: death of owner $300
14 rooms; rent $45: full; paying 700
35 rooms; corner; pay In installments... 8Si)
62 rooms; one-third cash; rent $133 32.'*
300 rooms: elevator: offices: Income $1200.. 6300 j
27 rooms: velvet carpets: oak and cherry; ¦
a very elegantly furnished house.
23 rooms; rent S60: paying 1000
37 rooms; rent $50; clears $70 mo.; men.. 900
S5 rooms; a very central house 3G00
FISHER & CO.. 933 Market St.. opp. Mason.
4% rooms; north of Market; only .' $1fi00
29 rooms: Van Ness: finely furn.: only... 1200
22 rooms: rent $43; big snap 450 !
20 rooms; Market; rent 530; apartment 700
?0 roorrs: Eddy: part mortgage: make offer.
20 rooms; rent $30: location desirable 900
• If a barsaln we have them at any price.
A SNAP: owner leaving for Europe; J flats
furnished: must be sold;.17Sl Halght Rt., one
block from Chutes, 7-room flat, rent $26: will
Fell for $275 or S10 payments in addition to
rent. Another fiat, opposite. 7 rooms, fur- |
niched. $3?5: r?nt $27 a month: will take In
$10 payments in addition to rent. Call at
ELDER RENTAL BUREAU, 22 Kearny st.
~ BUYER?!
You may buy any roomlnc-house In
the city, and pay for It,
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house. '
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. Sf.0 Market.
WINSTON & WOLF
A 1026 Market st
15 rooms $7r. * "fi rooms $11500
10 rooms -, 300)62 rooms 32M)
51 rooms 2S00 27 rooms : 2301
18 rooms 803 1 IS rooms 1200
24 rooms 85.1 i IS rooms 1030
LODING-HOUSES. boarding-houses and hotels
?o suit every buyer: this office is licensed: I
am established since 1S9J: I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1. 2. No. 917 Market St.. opp.. Mason.
33 ROOMS; rent JSO: receipts about $200 $S50
10 rooir>s: rent $"0: clears $35 per month.. CHO
$300— Lodging-house. 14 rooms; very cheap
rent: water free; pay? good profit. HORN.
SOLOMON & CO-; SO Kearny St.
18 ROOMS; Mission St.: rent $60; price S725.
1? rooms; Mason St.: rent $45: price J750. j
39 rooms en Grant ave.: rent $75; price $1500. |
13 rooms on Eddy pt.: rent SiiS; price $630. |
EUREKA REAL. KSTATE. 2S Sixth st. I
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market St.— A good list j
of lodging-houses. ' ¦ j
S-ROOM house; all rented: owner leaving city. |
Apply 1 to 4 at 229 Golden Gate ave. |
~ SPIRITUALISM.
C. E. WHEELER answers sealed questions,
reads flowers; business advice; come and In-
vestigate for the good and truth of my work:
circles every evening this week. 305 Larkin
St., cor. McAllister, rooms, 87-88; admission,
10c; reserved seats, 23c; readings, daily 10 to
4 p. m. ; $1; ladies. 50c
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Kllis-
6t. car; sit.. $1; letter, $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
MRS, DR. FARNHAM, the world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice In all affairs In life;
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the separat-
ed; mining a specialty: circles Sun.. Wed.,
Fri. eve.; letters answered. Resld. (no signs),
513 Eddy. bet. Hyde- Larkln; phone Hyde 265.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW, Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkin
ct.; tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
TEST circle to-night. 10c; readings dally, 60c.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak st.
MRS. ANTHONY, medium, 22814 Sixth St. ;
ladles. 25 cents; gents, 50 cents.
EARLE_ 622 Geary St., telephone Polk 1297—
Readings daily; seances Tues., Thurs. & Sun.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; test to all to-ntght: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to' occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Dally and Sunday.
PROF. MOSS cures you without medicine or
knife; locates disease without Questions; as
a healer, life-reader, palmist, phrenologist,
medium and teacher he has no equal in this
country. Located at 26% Kearny st.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
¦ past and future; never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to evety-
body; cure diseases by sympathy. 215V4 Sixth.
MME. VALEEN, 1027% Market St.. near 6th,
palmist and life reader, psychic and mag-
netic healer; cures disease and hablta;
teaches how to influence people and be ejic-
cessful in love and financial affairs.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease -with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny, never
fails; readings. 50c. 8 Hayes St.. nr. Market.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
€th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium, 25c up. 472 Stevenson, cor. 6th.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy; palmist; card
reader; 25c up; leaves May 20. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. MALLORT, clairvoyant, card reader:
when others fall consult me; 25c. 917 Howard.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c; gents, 60c. 132 Sixth st.
Burnett; readings, business, marriage, trouble,
one of .-world's greatest mediums. 1382 Market.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 fith;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448% Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 23c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
—^ ——————
CARPET DE ATIXG AXD CLEANIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-337 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
RUDOLPH & CO., Carpet-beating Works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Howard 2331.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth St.: telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating. Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126. .'
chiropodists; :
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chll-
blalns: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutte^.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agen^y^No^chXrgTua^
• less Euacessf ul. Roam . 310, S27 , Market st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S...... 104 Geary St.
.-• ......For Railroad Tunnel
¦; oO tunnel men... $2 50
' BO drillers.." ."........"./. $2 20
B0 muckers :...'. $2 00
50 laborers, outside work.: .....".........$175
100 railroad laborers for reconstruction and
ballasting track i $1 75
Free. Fare..-. Ship Daily Free Fare
10 laborers, country sawmill, $26 and $30 and
board;, 20. tlemakers, woodchoppers. shingle
and box bolt makers; 10 coal miners for New
Mexico, 62c a ton; 20 farmers and milkers, $30
and $26 and board; 2 milkers, Mendocino
County. $30 and fare paid; 10 laborers, near
city. $26 and board, see boss here '
•- HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cooks, $70 and $75; broilers, $60 and
$65; fry cooks, $60 and $65; short-order cooks,
. $50 to $60; 3 second cooks, country hotels, $15,
• $40 and $35; second and third cooks, springs,
¦ 540 and $30: oysterman, $4a; cake baker, north,
$65 and fare; 6 bakers, $50 and $60;. extra
bakers. $3 and $4 a day; dishwashers and
, kitchen hands, $30 and $23; 3 hotel portsrs,
$20 to $40; hotel and restaurant waiters, city
•and country,- $30 to $50
2, camp waiters for railroad camp, $25 and
. free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... 104 Geary- st.
A — HEAD cook, meat and pastry, for summer
resort, $100: bread and' cake baker, summer
resort, $60; 3 head cooks for restaurants, $100;
night cashier for restaurant, $30 and board ;
dishwasher for summer resort, $25 and free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY....... Phone Main 5848
. ...Leading- Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY..
LOS ANGELES & SANTA BARBARA DIV.
FREE— FARE FREE— FARE.."...
...$1 Office — Fee— and— No— Other— Expenses...
¦ WE— SHIP— TO-DAY..
.Carload of laborers for S. P. R. R. Co.'s own
work; no experience required; wages $1 75 and
$2 25 day...,. .......: FREE FARE
20 men or boys to work In fruit for a large
company;' thinning all kinds of fruits, later
on picking, packing, etc.; $20 and found; all
summer's work; no experience necessary
2 carpenters, near city" 8 hours' work, $3 50
day; 15 blacksmiths, city, and country, $3 50
and $3 day, $65; 10 men to pile lumber, saw-
mill company, see boss here; 10 laborers to
work In mills, see boss here
FARE— PAID— WE — SHIP — TO-DAY— 10 la-
- borers, no experience, - sawmill company, $2G
and fare paid..............:
£0 haymakers, farmers, etc...... $30, $32 and $35
25 milkers, city and country ,$30 and $3>
150 laborers, city and country.. $l - 75" and $2 day
15 bakers, city and country.
$70, $65 and $40 and found
£0 cooks, city and country
| $40 and $50, 10, $12 and $15 week
60 waiters, city and country
...$30 and $35, $10 and $12 week
, Hundreds of other positions on our bulletin
boards. Come down and read them.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 3d : phone John 3131
3 stone masons .....Best union wages
Carload railroad ]aborers..$l 75 to $2 per day
- Free Fare ....Free Fare Free Fare
10 drillers for quarry '.
20 men for rock crusher $2 per day
6 mill and woods men Free fare
6 lumber pliers.. $35 to $45 per month and board
4 woodchoppers $1 25 per cord
4 section men for S. P. R. R. Co.. Free Fare
10 haymakers... .$1 25 and $1 50 per day
1 blacksmith $3 per day
PLANER man for sawmill, $50 and found; 4
blacksmiths for country shops, $2 25 and
board, $45 month and board and $3 day;
ranch blacksmith, $40 and found; 2 wheel-
wrights, $40 and board for country: carpen-
ters; machinist for country; carriage painter,
country; boys for mills and factories; butcher
for shop and wagon, $25 and found, and
others; 5 laborers for buildings, $2 day.
' J. F. CROSETT.& CO.. 628 Sacramenti st.
PASTRY cook and baker, country, ' $50, fare
¦ here; porter, city, $20; bellboys, $15 and $10.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12.
colored waiter, $30; bellboys, $15 and $17 50.
' JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED— Competent lsver man for clam shell
dredger. None but firat-class and experienced
¦ man need apply: wages, $60 per month and
found. Apply HEALY. TIBBITTS & CO.. 22
Market st. ,
WANTED— Trustworthy man. partner In res-
taurant with respectable young lady; clears
$150 por month; $250 required. LUNDIN &
CO., 9C6 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS cutter and fitter on ladles'
tailor garments, for Salt Lake City: good po-
sition for the right man. Call at FRANCES',
796 Sutter st. . ,
YOU can make good money selling steamer
tickets to witness launching of the battleship
Ohio; some cash security; guaranteed against
loss. 301 Examiner building.
BOY to attend soda water fountain; age 15^ to
38 years; must live with parents. Inquire 810
Market st. ¦•.¦¦.- -^
PERSONS ¦ everywhere who can write merito-
rious sketches, articles or stories; good pay.
Literary Bureau, 303 Caxton bldg., Chicago.
BUSHELMAN wanted; steady Job; good
wages. PAUSON & CO., 200 Kearny st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; $5 50.
: 1405 Polk st. ¦ ¦ i '
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; good
wages. 2197& . Powell st. ' • • -.
BARBER for Saturday; 11 a. m. to 10 p. m. ;
$2 50. 519 Kearny st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday at 1211 Market
st.; wages $4. '
EXPERIENCED cutter on ladles' underwear.
BAUER BROS.. 21 Sansome st.
WANTED— Dishwasher; call early. 1024 Hyde.
BOY wanted— Stalls 1-3, Union Square Market.
BOY wanted in shirt factory. 36 Geary St.,
room 46. ; ¦. .- ¦
WANTED— Bedmaker, middle aged man, $25
per month. Apply 8 a. m., 614 Howard st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
AN energetic single man wanted. 323 First st. ;
telephone Green 361.
BOOTBLACK wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. 500 Turk st. -..
WANTED— Two flrst-class bread makers.
DETJEN & MENGEL, 35 Market st.
WANTED— An experienced candy helper. Ap-
¦ ply candy department. Emporium.
WANTED— First and second bread baker; good
wages. ¦ Box 4141. Call office.
CABINET maker, first-class workman. FINK
& SCHINDLER, 1309 Market st. __J
WANTED— Second barkeeper. 698 Fourth st."
WANTED— Salesmen to sell stock for ft Kern
River oil company: wages $10 per week. Ap-
ply room 7, Hobart building. 532 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS buggy washer and hostler who
thoroughly understands the city and drive;
wages $60 . per month. PETERS' Stables.
1314 Grove st. - ... ¦ .' - '.;
"WANTED— Locksmith who can do repairing.
: A. ERLANDSEN. Berkeley Hardware and
¦ Repair Shop. 2020 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
WANTED — Bakers and confectioners, good
wages, steady employment, at PAGE &
FALCH'S. Turk and Mason sts.'
2-CHAIR barber shop and bath for sale In best
mining town In State. See party between 12
and 2 at Golden West Hotel. Ellis st.
WANTED— Boy at 225% Montgomery ave.
WANTED — Boy for ' office. Address In own
handwriting box 3626., Call office.
ERRAND boy and to help about drug store;
give age and residence. Box 496. Call office.
WANTED— A first hand bread baker; non-
union. Call at 1365 Castro st., Oakland. Cal.
WANTED— A good waiter for private rooms.
' 105 California Market. California Restaurant.
BAKERS and confectioners wanted: . union
wages; union hours; no Sunday work. 1035
. Market st. ' ¦ :;"'-;
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. 1 BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R., room 40, . Phelan bldg.; 806 Market.
3 CABINET makers; non-union; no office fees.
Mechanics'. Registration .Bureau. 410 Kearny.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission Jt., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD bread and cake bakers: flrst-class wages."
RUEDIGER & LOESCH 111-113 Larkln st.
WANTED — Several good men. Apply at the
Royal Portrait Co.. 1145 Market st.
CHEAP; up-to-date 3-chalr barber- shop in
Western Addition. Box 3615, Call office.
"WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap; rent $6.
403 Pacific st.' -I'- ¦-,-.•'¦".'¦.-,-¦-••
MEN. to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S.. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD &' CO., attys.,
Hearst bldg.. •- Third and Market, ¦," room 318.
WANTED— Basters on custom coats. Apply at
N factory of S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st. .
COATMAKERS wanted. * " Apply i at factory of
S..N. WOOD & CO.; 27 Geary st. /, ; * .,; -
WANTED— Two good' city salesmen." -WHITE
•'.SEWING MACHINE CO..': 800 Post st.*-- '
AT. cash prices for $l'per week, men's suits -to
, order.- NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny .uVi£ft
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
'
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner ef Market and Third streets: open
caul 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montzsmery street.
. correr Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
• !00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C33 McAllister street ; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Lurkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1J41 Mission ctreet: open until 10 p. m.
T2ei Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 8 p. m. .
106 Eleventh etreet; cpen until 9 p. m.-
1096 Valencia street: open untl 9 p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tncky Ftreets: open rntll 9 p. rr..
METTING NOTICES.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— ¦
Fpwlal meetinc THIS (SATURDAY) _i\_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock; second de-
ETfe. Fellow crafts invited. By order ' '
of the master. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2.
I. O O. F. — IJpcular meeting 4|2v™5§_:
THIS <HATT7RDAV> EVENING. '^fe?S^^ r
Second degree. -?//**>
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M.
LABOR COUNCIL of the Federated Trades-
Meeting of Policemen's Union SATURDAY
EVENING. Mav II, at headquarters of the
Labor Council, J02 O'Farrell st. All police-
risen, regulars and specials, are Invited to
attend and join the union. JEFFERSON D.
PIERCE. Organizer.
THE next meeting: of the Master Bakers' Pro-
tective Association will be held at Turner
Hall. 323 Turk St., SUNDAY, May 12. 2 p. m.
All master bakers of San Francisco are
urgently requested to attend, as very im-
portant business will be acted upon.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS of the Golden West—
You are hereby notified that the book to be
presented to President McKinley will be on
exhibition at Native Sons' Hall. Mason St..
on SUNDAY and MONDAY, from 1 to 5
p. m. MRS. E. THIERBACH. Chairman.,
THE California Debris Commission, having re- ;
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Charles Lilly and W. E. Emery,
In the Avalanche mine, near Vallicita. Cal-
a vet-as County, to deposit tailings in Grape-
vine Gulch: and from W. J. Cox and F. E.
Keesy, In the Taylor diggings, near Taylors-
vine. Plumss County, to deposit tailings in
Hinchman Creek, gives notice that a meet-
Ing will be held at room SS. Flood building.
gan Francisco, Cal., on Hay 27, 1901, at
1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing cf the stockholders of the Hutchinson
fugar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company. S27 Market Ft.. Pan
Francisco. Cal.. on TUESDAY, the 14th day
cf May. 1901, at the hour cf 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to eerve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
<-ome befor» the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Fridav. May S. 1P01. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MEETINGS — SUNDAY.
Mrs. Gillingham. spiritual meeting, 8 p. m.. 10c:
bring sealed quest. S03 Larkin, cor. McAllister.
ADOPTION.
GOOD home cpen for healthy boy and Kirl ba-
bies. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
AGEXTS WANTED.
MAN or weman wanted to employ and superin-
tend agents; $1S weekly salary and expenses:
permanent position. ZIEGLER CO., 120
Monon building. Chicago. 111.
1 CAN give steady employment to a few active
men and women; good pay. Apply to JAMES
Y. EEVERIDGE, Fresno, Cal.
ASPHALTUM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11S3 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success, collections. G. \V.
HOWE, atty at law, S^j Market, cor. Stocktn.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22. 127 Montgomery St.. S. F.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L S. CLARK. Emma Snreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BATHS.
mNG71p~LANE. Main 315: he will explalrThow
to get lovely hot water for baths without ex-
tra expense.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
2 OR 3 children to board; yard; best care; $10;
near grhool. 1607 California St.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A — $1700; ICE cream parlors and cafe, on lead-
ing business street; rent, $65; flrst-class pay-
ing establishment; owner compelled by sick-
ness to retire. Particulars, R, G. WILKE,
i'6^i Kearny st.
A— $1400; ICE cream parlors and candy store;
choicest location; low rent; monthly receipts
$750; value in sight; net profits at least $150
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 28% Kear-
. ny Et.
A— $1750; CORNER grooery and bar: place es-
tablished years and known as one of the best
paying corner groceries in this city; location
one block from Market st. Particulars R.
G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny et.
A— $1100; RESTAURANT with 7 rooms and
bath; very choicest business location: rent
$39; investigate and make an offer; a rare
and good chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26!4
Kearny Bt.
A— $350; RESTAURANT on Howard St.; daily
receipts $25; rent $17: good prices' must be
¦old at once. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $1500: SALOON; most whisky trade;
dally receipts about $25; rent $40; clearing
above $200 per month: location one door oft
Market: stock and fixtures invoice price;
owner to leave for Alaska: offer taken for 3
days. Call R. G. WILKE. 26>i Kearny st.
A— $1000; 6ALOON with 9 rooms, surrounded
by factories, warehouses and lumber yards;
large transient trade; rent $40. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $4000: SALOON on Market st.; place estab-
lished many years and doing a large busi-
ness: net rent $135: sickness In family com-
pels owner to sacrifice; a mint. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$1200— STEAM laundry; long established and do-
ing large and very profitable business. HORN.
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny Et. .
IS50— DOWNTOWN saloon; no night or Sunday
work: dally receipts $10 to $12; rent $42 50.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
$1800 — GROCERY, fruit and produce store do-
Ing a buslneea of $45 per day: full value In
eight. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny.
FAKE busine«s propositions not listed by
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.
$500— CANDY store and ice cream parlors, pay-
ing over $100 per month profit; fixtures alone
cost more than price asked; this is a genuine
bargain and it will pay to investigate.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
BTEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale.
J1400. or owner will sell half interest to good
business man for $800; will guarantee $180 to
SSOO per month. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.,
30 Kearny et.
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORN, SOLOMON & CO., 30
Kearny st.: telephone Main 1604.
AAA — 100 CIGAR stands. 200 groceries and bars,
S00 candy and icecream stores, 600 restau-
rants, 800 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market St.
FOR private sale— Some of the best saloons In
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO., S3S
Market st. •
I HAVE bargains In groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candles, cigars, notions,
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Mkt.
RANCHES— Fruit ranches, dairy ranches.
chicken ranches and general ranches for sale
and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market.
FOR sale — A good harness and shoe repairing
Fhop; a good living for an industrious man
for a little money. For information Inquire
at E22 East Fifteenth St.. East Oakland; no
letters answered; other business .cause of sale.
FOR sale— A flrst-class dairy produce and deli-
cacies store, with branch bakery. In good
location; doing a very good business; low
rent; proprietor going to Europe. Box 3C06
Call office.
A— FOR sale— A Email tailor shop; good loca-
tion: doing good business. Inquire at 1220
Webster, bet. 9 a. m. and 1 p. m.
FOR sale— A well established machine shop,
doing a good business; reasons for selling
owner leaving city; price $3000. Box 4123, Call.
FOR eale or exchange for country property — A
well paying wholesale fruit and produce busi-
ness. Address box 3616, Call office.
TAILORING business; established 7 years; at
a bargain. Apply 1547/Park St.. Alameda.
"WANTED— A young man. a hustler, with $500,
for an interest In a gilt-edge business propo-
sition: steady work; good Income. Box 3074,
Call office.
FOR SALE— Grocery store doing- good business:
no agents. ANDREW JACOBSEN, 21st and
•Folsom Sts.
1 $lf'0— PARTNERSHIP In flrst-class, genteel
business for lady. . 131 Post et.. room 3.
FOR Sale — Grocery and bar: rent $16; good
chance for right party. 2S37 Twenty-second st.
FOR sale^"arpenter eliop, with tools and stock,
at low price. Call after C p. m., at 443 Third.William J.. Joseph K., Emily -A. arid Her
bert L. -'Hawkins .to Margaret Schlegel, lot on
E . line of Baker street, - 110 ¦' S of Page, S 276
by E, 121 :10ft;' $8000. . - v - '
Ernst j and Marie Maack . and ¦ Freldericke
Mile toi Fulton Engineering and Shipbuilding
Works-lot onW line of Broderick street, 68-9
N of tc-nquln. N 60:9 by W 70:9; $4500.-. . ; uj
William. ana Lizzie . Hinkel to Susan Mur
phy, lot on E line of Clayton street, 278:9 N
of Frederick, "N 25 by. E 10«;3; |6000.
John Coop and James W. Smith to John A.
McCormlck, lot on E line of Cole. street, 185 N
Of Frederick, N 25 by B 125; $2000. .- ., . .
John fend Blanche - E. - McGraw ¦ to Lizzie E
Welty (wife of Amos), v lot on S line of Sacra
mento street, 37:6 E/ of Spruce, E 25 by S
107:7 1-3; $1500.- : : •¦ . -----
- : David! T. Hughes to Rienzl Hughes, lot on S
line of -Geary street, 374 W of ¦ Steiner, w '2
by S 82:« (Hamilton Square); $3500. ¦
: Thomas 'H.; and Mary J.^Rooney to John and
Amelia Booth, lot on NE' line /of Norfolk
street, 150 SE of Folsom, > SE 25, NE 58, N W
25:1.. SW 60:2;$1000. ¦ .-¦-. .-.- ¦¦¦'-.
.August H.and Pauline L. Wllhelm to Mary
E. McMahon . (wife of -James .A.),, lot -on F.
line oflCapp. street, 50 S of Nineteenth, 8 25
by E 97:6; $2000.', ' • ':
Hlberhta Savings and Loan Society to Henry
L. > Donner* rerecord 1738 D. 26, lot on ¦ S line
of Liberty . street, 175 - E • of Castro, E 25 : by S
114;:$90p.--- .;.-¦" . "- ¦ ' ' :" "~- ----- '
Henry L. and Elizabeth Donner to Charles
B.JKessing, same; $2000. . . _ *\ ...-
Annal Joost (wife of Behrend) to Henry: M. 1
G. Dahler, undivided :% of fallowing: Lot on
N line . ot Twentieth • street, 100 E ¦ of ' Castro.
E.25.by N,55;also,lotl block.23,- Pioche and
Robinson subdivision ; { also - lot at [ intersection
of Lincoln road and: extension :W ; of N-llneof
lot '¦ 7.'. block 23, Pioche : and Robinson;-. NE ' 168.'
SW 73:«.-SW 151, NW. 50. portion ; lot ' 7, r block
23.r same; -$1000. . ¦¦•¦'' :Y . - -, .. . , '- - .,<
H. , M; G. : and Isabella Dabler to 'Anna* Joost
(wife of. Behrend), undivided half ,of following:
John Boy d to Mary J. Boyd, lot on S line of
Hayes street, 82:6 W ' of Buchanan, W 27-6 bv
8 120; gift. .- .- ¦ '. ¦ _ - y
HEAJL! . ESTATE TRAITS ACTIONS,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs are In good supply
and weak at' wholesale, though retail prices
show little chanre.
Poultry continues plentiful. There is no note
worthy change in Meats. Fish is a little
cheaper.
Raspberries, Blackberries, Gooseberries and
Apricots are coming in every day now, and
there are scattering receipts of Currants. All
these fruits are dear, as usual at the beginning:
of the season. Cherries and Strawberries are
also rather high, as receipts are light.
Vegetables are ; plentiful and prices are rea-
Cannei J — — 012 OOlSouthfleld
¦Wellington.- — ; — ©11 00l Wellington J — 61100
Seattle ' 9 C0<g -'Coos Bay — @ 7 50
Dairy Produce, etc.— ;
Butter, choice, sq.35@43 Ranch Eggs, per
Do. good .....:.. 25@S0 dozen 17020
Cheese, Cal ......12@15 Honey Comb, per
Cheese.' Eastern. .17(820 I pound 15<S20
Cheese. Swiss..... 20(335 Do, extracted... 10@—
Common Eggs. .. .150—
. Poultry and Game-
Hens, each ....... 50@63 Turkeys, per lb.. .17(920
Young Roosters, Ducks, each 50<g85
each 75(890 Geese, eoch...Jl 50@l 75
Old Roosters, ea..50@50 Pigeons, pair 50@60
Fryers, each 6o@7o Rabbits, pair 400—
Broilers, each 35@30 Hare, each .......— @20
Meats, per lb— .
Bacon-".. ....15@1S Round Steak .....10^
Beef, choice .- 12@15 Sirloin Steak.... HHd; —
Do, good ..... .100-; Tenderloin, do....l5®—
Corned Beef 10@— Porterhouse. do.l7 J ,i@20
Ham — @15 Smoked Beef 20@ —
Lard ..'.... — ®15 Pork, salt 10(^12Vi
Mutton — ®12 Pork Chops .r 15@15
Lamb ........— @li Pork Sausages.. 12%©15
Pork, fresh ...'.. .15®— ,Veal 12@—
Fruits and Nuts —
Apricots, per lb... 30®— Limes, per doz..l2@13
Almonds .15(^20 Lemons, doz 13<&2r,
Apples :.. ;.:.. 8rgl2 Raspberries, bskt.35®40
Bananas, doz... 12^25 Raisins, per lh... 5(815
Blackberries, bsk.— <325 Strawberries, per
Cherries," per lb..:13®— drawer ...40®75
Gooseberries, lb.l2HS>— Walnuts, per lb...l5@20
Dranges, doz .... 15(^35
Vegetables-
Asparagus, per lb. 5@ 8 Okra. dried, lb...— ©35
Artichokes, doz. ..25^40 Peppers, per lb...20@25
Beets, doz :...'.10<@— Potatoes, per lb 2V4<tt—
Beans. white, lb.12%©— New, do". 2®2^4
Colored, 'per lb..l0@ — Rhubarb, per lb.. 5@—
' Dried Lima, lb..'6f? S Sweet Potatoea.lb 3@r-
Cabbage. each.... 542— Parsnips, per. dz.lO@—
Cauliflowers, each 5#— Radlshes,dz bchs.15020
Celery, head ...... 5@— Sage, doz" bnchs..25@30
Cress. * doz bnchs-15#20 String Beans.', lb.-10@15
Cucumbers. dz.75@*l 25 Summer Squash,
Egg- Plant, lb.... 20(325 1 per. lb ...;.. 12013
Green Peas,, lb,'... 3@ 5 Sprouts, per lb...'.— @—
Lettuce, I per doz..lo@20]SpInach. per lb... 5@—
Onions.^ per; lb 4® 6|Thyme. doz bchs.25{130
New Onions — & 3 .Turnips, per doz.. 10i{J—
Green, dz .bnchs. .15^20 Tomatoes, per lb.lO@l5
Leeks, :dz bnchs..l5©20l
Fiah-V -;: ¦¦'¦ . -. . ¦
Barracuda ...'...'.12*4®— Striped Bass .10@—
Carp ".. 8*? — Sea Bass .......... <Q—
Catfish lOig — Smelts '..'..... '...... 13ia_
Codfish T?i\.~."Z".'Zr.\2Q, 1» Soles .....;. ..10@
Flounders ........ 8@10 Skates, each .... 8@10
Halibut .'..... 10@15 Squid ¦...;... 12^3—
Herring;. ..;...— @-~ Tomcod ............ 8@—
Mackerel ...:.'..... — #— Turbot "..' ;._*£__
Do, horse .. 10S12VJ Trout ...35@—
Perch .:..;..;.:. .'.KXfrSO Whiteflsh . .-..:. . ..10®—
Pompino .....:.. '..50®— Clams, gallon ....500—
Rockflsh '. . .". ". :. . .' .15®— Do, hardshell, lb 8®10
Salmon," fresh -..12%® 15 Crabs, each ....... 15628
: : Do, : smoked .... 15@40 Mussels, quart 5<gI3
Shrimps : ....:.— St— Oysters., Cal, 10O..40@5O
Shad .- 6@ 8 Do. Eastern, dz.25<g40
Flour, qr sks..... 33,933 Straw, tons 15
Wheat, ctls 6.030 Shorts, sks 12
Barley, ctls 3,390 Sugar, ctls 15,500
Oats. Ctls...j> 720 Tallow, ctls....... 212
Beans, ctls 200 Wools, bales 154
Potatoes, sks 3,700 Wine, gals 111,150
Onions, sks 1.J38 Leather, rolls.... 101
Bran, sks ...' -1.620 Hides,- No 378
Middlings, sks.... 810 Pelts, bdls 134
Hay, tons 46O 1
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 19, 494( Potatoes, sks 4,165
FOR FRIDAY, MAY 10.
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed. «.25c: Powdered. R.Soc; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c: Confec
tioners' A, 5.75c; Fruit Granulated. 5.80c: Mag
nolia A, '5.3jc; Extra C, 5.25c; Golden C. 5.15c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more: boxe*.
50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less 1 than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom
lncs, half-barrels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c f>er lb.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 19c; Astral. 19c; Star,
19c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 24c; Eocene, 21c;
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; in
cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; In cases. 20c;
S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c: In cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE — 55c per gallon In cases and
4Sc in drum* or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in ICO-lb bags:
OlLS-^allfornla Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1,
73c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
75c; raw, 73c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter ? trained, barrels, 80c; cases, S5c; China
Nut, 55@65c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, foe; cases. 70c; Sperm, pure, «5c;. Whale
Oil, natural white, 37%@42c per gallon: Fish
OH, in barrels, 35e: cases. 40c.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, J7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50: Wallsend, $9; CO-ooerative Walls
end, {3; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, ¦ $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks;' Rocky Mountain descriptions,
IS 45 per 2000 pounds and $S 50 per ton, accord
ins to brand.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $5 65; - Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6%@"c; local make, %c less than
Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 30@34c; Fleece Twine,
7%@8c. • ¦ ¦' .: ¦- ... •¦-.^..^:. '¦':->¦¦¦
General Merchandise.
Local packers have again reduced their bids
for Hogs, this time to 6%c. There have been
free arrivals from the East of late, and dairy
Hogs 'are also coming In more liberally, hence
the lowering of the bids. Other Meats are un
chansed. ¦ .
BEEF— 7$794e for Steers and 6®7c per 1b for
cows. ¦ ¦ ,
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small. 8@9c per 1b.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@8%c; Ewes. 7%@8c per
pound. i'ifV;
LAMB— Spring. 9c per pound.
PORK— L4\e Hogs, 180 lbs and under. 6%©
6V4c; 180 to 225 lbs, 6%<g«%c; 225 and over, 6@
6Vic; feeders, — — ; dressed Hogs,' 7%@9c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do, fair to good, 9® lie;
Continued from Page Twelve.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
FLORENCE, Ariz., May 10.— The Gila
River on the Sacaton Reservation has
gone dry and no gTain wlll.be harvested
by the Indians. Greater destitution than
ever will ensue unless ¦ the Government
comes to their relief. One more Irrigation
¦would have resulted In a good crop.
Gila River Goes Dry.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. 1134114 Ms qr cp (new).137%ll38yj
4s quar reg — 113'jlll ! 3s quar coup... 109% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P 6s..lO4U — Oceanic S 5a...lO2i4 —
Cal-st 5s 117 — Omnibus R 63.125 —
C C Wat 5s...lOSTillO»? Pac G Imp 4s.— —
Ed L & P 6s..l23^133H Pk & C H 6s.. 105 —
Fer & a R 6s. 114 — Pk & O R 6»..117 —
Geary-at 5s — — Powll-st R 6s. 120 —
H C & S 5^is..lC6Vi — Sac E G R as. 95»i 97^
DO 6s — — 8 F & SJV 5s.120Vj121^
Los Ang R 5s. — 113 Sierra Cal 6a.. — 108
L A Light 6s.. — 102 S P of A 6s
Do gntd «s.. — 104 (1909) .V. 112%113i;
Do gntd 5a. .100 — (1910) 114 —
L A & Pac Ss.102 — S P of C «s
Do 1 c m 53.101 — (1905), ser A.10«*i —
Market-st 6s.. — 12714 (W05), ser B.107V4 — -
Do 1 c m 5S.122V4 — (1906) ..'...... 110 — '
Nev Co R 7s.. — 113H (1913) — ; —
Nor R Cal 6s. — HKi S P of Cal 1st
DO 38 11S%12O cp gntd e 5S.103 —
Nor Pac C 6s.lOO — S P Br Cal 6a.l34 —
Do 5s — 109 S V Wat 6s... .113^4 —
Nor Cal R 5e..U3%115 Do 4s ...102V4 —
Oak Gas 5s 110 — Do 4s. 3d m. — 103U*
Do Tran 6s.. — 117H Stktn Gas 6S..10O —
Do Wat 5s.. 104 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 73% 76iif Spring Valley. i'M —
Marln County. C3^ — i
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3 — iPadflc Lt 42% 4?;
Equitable 3% 3% Sacramento . . . — : 43
Mutual 3% — S F G & E.... JS^ 33?;
Oakland 50*3 51 San Francisco. 4H *S
Pacific Imp 34 36 iBtockton 7H —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. 235 243
/'•.'¦'BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 73 — L P & A .147 —
California .....406 — Mer Ei (llq)... 18 —
Cal Safe Dep.107 — S F National.. — 1^
First Nat 309^213
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1840 — Sav & Loan... — V— ,¦=
Humboldt — — Security 275 ¦->-—¦*
Mutual 50 — Union Trust.. 1400 ,""~ -'
San Kranclsco.olS — "-*".- / ¦'.
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 140, |O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary 47^— iPreSidlo ...;.. .— 30
Market 70% — I
POWDER. rZ£'$
Giant 73% 2?i ST4
SUGAR. V'
Hana 7% 8 Kilauea 1$K —
Hawaiian 51*4 o^i Makaweli 39% 41
Honokaa .. 2H4 25% Onomea 20 23
Hutchinson ... 19% 20<4sPaauhau 28H —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack. .136 137 Oceanic SS.... 44 —
Cal Fruit Can. — 100 Pac Aux F Al. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 99V4 — Pac C Borax.. — 152*4
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint 18 —
Morning- Session.
40 Alaska Packers' Association... '...135 50
33 Alaska Packers' Association 135 25
SO Alaska Packers' Association 136 00
30 Alaska Packers' Association 13S 37 Vi
5 Alaska Packers' Association 136 50
. 10 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 52 12^i
50 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 51 00
75 Oceanic Steamship Co 45 CO
30 Pacific Coast Borax 150 CO
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 33 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 38 25
. 60 S F Gas & Electric Co ,.. 33 50
$4,000 S P of A Bonds (1910)..,..... 114 CO
10 Spring Valley Water 88 50
5 Spring Valley Water • 88 25 .
10 Spring Valley Water 88 80
Street—
$23,0CO Bay Counties Power Co 5s 104 00
10 California Wine Association 100 CO
50 Contra Costa Water 76 0O
$1,000 Hawaiian C & 3 Co 5s 103 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Packers* Association 137 CO
2 Bank of California 408 50
100 Contra Costa Water 7« 00
$5,000 Contra Costa Water Bonds ..M10 CO
30 Giant Powder Con 74 CO
100 Hana Plantation Co 7 75
200 Honokaa 25 50
100 Market Street Railway 70 50
20 Oakland Gaa :. 50 50
$3,0C0 Oceanic Steamship Bonds 102 50
60 Paauhau S P Co 28 50
$2,000 Sacramento Elec Gaa & Ry as 95 50
50 S F Gas A Electric Co, b 30 33 00
10 S F Gaa & Electric Co. s 30 38 75
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 33 00
¦ . 50 S F Gas & Electric Co 38 75
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 38 50
$3,000 S P of A Bonds (1910) 114 0©
20 Spring Valley Water 88 00
Street— -
$8,000 Northern Railway of Cal 6s 114 23
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— -•. -• • ¦¦'''">'
25 Kern « OS
400 Petroleum Center 0*
7700 Petroleum Center 07
50 Sterling (cash) 1 60
100 Twenty-eight 113
Afternoon Session.
Board^—
5000 California Standard S3
100 California Standard 34
100 Home • 3 20
100 Independence 15
500 Lion 1-t
500 Lion : 11
1100 Monarch of Arizona ..' 45
1000 Oil City Petroleum 27
2000 Petroleum Center 07
50 San Francisco & McKlttrlck 1 00
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE. .. |
Morning Session.
500 Four Oil Co : .'..... .%¦>
100 Home Oil 3 20
500 Lion ." 13
100 Reed Crude 45
Afternoon Session.
3 Hanford .94
3500 Independence ..'... < 15
300 Lion 14
5500 Petroleum Center '... 0$
500 Petroleum Center 07
50O Petroleum Center, s SO 07
200 San Joaquln O & D Co.. 9 00
100 Sterling •••• 160
MINING STOCKS.
The following -were the sales In tha San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
lOO Andes 06 900 Mexican ..'.,11
200 Belcher 10 600 Ophlr 84
• 100 Best & Belcher. 21 200 Sierra Nevada. 15
600 Best & Belcher. 22 300 Sliver HU1 35
10OO Justice ......... C6 200 Yellow Jacket.. 17
- Afternoon Session." •
200 Best & Belcher. 231 200 Gould & Curry. 12
300 Challenge 10| 200 Ophlr 87
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes 071 300 Con Cal & Va.2 2TH
800 Best & Belcher. 24 300 Ophir 88
ICO Caledonia 60 200 Union Con...... 20
400 Con Cal & Va...3 25| - .
Afternoon Session. •
50 Caledonia 551 SCO Mexican 18
100 Challenge Con., ill 130 Ophlr 83
200 Con Cal & Va.2 27Hi 700 Ophlr 87
200 Mexican 19 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
-, '• ¦ - Friday, May 10—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. . Bld.Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice .....:... 04 c«
Alta ..02 04 Kentuck 02 03
Andes 07 08 Lady Wash — 01
Belcher 10 11 Mexican IS 19
Best & Belcher. 23 24 Occidental ..... 03 M
Bullion M 03 Ophlr 8« 87
Caledonia — 60 Overman 11 13
Challenge Con.. 10 11 Potoai 04 05
Cbollar ..".; 05 06 Savage 12 13
Confidence ..... 56 — Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 25 2 30 Seg Belcher 01 03>.
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada.. 11 17
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 34 .38
Crown Point.... 13 14 St Louis... 08* —
Eureka Con.... 0« — Standard 4 00 4 10
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate ...... 08 —
Gould & Curry. 13 13| Union Con. 19 20
Hale &, Nor.... 18 WlUtah 01 03
Julia ........... — 021 Yellow Jacket.. 17 IS
: Fire Destroys Co-operative Store. ;
SALT LAKE, May 10.— A special to the
Deseret News saya the co-operative store
at American Fork. Utah, was destroyed
by fire to-day. The loss will amount to
$65,000, with insurance , of only £5,000
The origin of the fire 13 unknown.
FRIDAY, May 10—2 p. m.
There was a grocd business on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, j Fluctuations,
however, were not sharp. - The most active
stocks were Gas and Electric, Spring ViJley
Water and Alaska Packers'.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric sold up
to $30.
The oil stocks continued featureless.
The Kllauea Sugar Company has deblaral the
usual monthly dividend of 25c per share, pay
able on the 15th.
The Paauhua dividend of 30c per share was
paid yesterday.
The last monthly reports of the Alaska
Mexican Mining Company and the Alaska
United Mining Company are at band.. That
of the' former shows 13,198 tons ore crushed of
a value of $18,251 and 245 tons sulphurets saved
of a value of $5398, the gross yield being $23,529.
an average of $1 IS per ton. and the expenses
for the month $22,934. Good ore Is reported on
the 300-foot level. The statement of the
Alaska United shows 25,876 tons ore crashed
of a value of $42,991 and S16 tons sulphureta
saved of a value of $16,947. the gross yield
being $64,244. indicating an average of $2 4?
per ton, while the expenses for the mentb
were $40,215.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
STOCK MARKET.
Lot 9, block 15, 1 Noe Garden Homestead Union;
also lot 13, -block 23,' Pioche' and Robinson sub
division; also lot at Intersection of Lincoln road
and S line Of lot 7, block 23, SE 140, NE 73:6,
SW 151, SE 60, portion of lot 7, block 23,' same;
S1C00. ¦- . ¦ . ¦ . .- '
; 'Arthur M.- Flood (as trustee vs. Mollie S. and
Albert H. Merrill, Frederick H-, RachaCl N.,
Austin M., Eugene and Alice E.' Flood, Alvah
H. Flood, and as administrator of estate of Ro-
Banna M. Flood, by Joseph ,T. White as sole
referee) to Rita Merrill, lot on W line of Noe
street, 175 S of Eighteenth, W.125 by S 25; $2000.
Mollie S. and Albert H. .Merrill and' Arthur
M. I Flood (trustees under deed of , Rosanna M.
Flood, wife of A. H.) to same, same; $10.
John D.' Schroder to Catharina A. Schroder,
lot on E line of Alabama street, 156 S of Twen
ty-second, S 26 by E 100; gift.
Bridget Hickey or. Burns or Byrnes and Mary
A; Byrnes or Burns '.to Catharina A. Schroder
(wife of J. D.), same; $1500.
Louis Sass . to Jennie : Sass, lot on S line of
Twentieth street. 75- E of Eureka, E 25 by S
97:6; rift. • ¦
Joseph and Mary Canepa to Enrico and Ma
tale Forni, lot . on N line of Telegraph place,
257:9% : E of DtiDont street, E. 17:2^4 by N 46:
?950.» ,--. ' .. . ;-'¦ .. , •:¦¦... . '
Estate of Ursule A. V. Vanhove (by John A.
Drinkhouse, administrator) . to A. or Abraham
Morris, lot on S line of Jackson street, 33:5 W
of Kearny, W 40:6, S- 68:9, E 23:3, S 1:2. E 17,
N 69:11; $9300.. - • -. ' • . .
Benoit and Marie Plegat to Frederick Kosh
land, lot on E line of Mason - street, S2 N of
Post,-N-18 by E 55; $5500. s '
Annie F. Meyers to Henry Stratnmann, lot on
NW line of Guy place, 175 SW of First street,
SW 25 by NW 70; $4000. •„¦ ¦ '
Emporium, an.d Golden Rule' Bazaar to Henry
Gutzeit, lot on SE line of Jessie street, 487:6
SW of -Fourth,. SW 62:6,- SE 160, NE 37:6, NW
80, NE 25. NW 70; J34.0CO. . . .
• Ellen and Thomas H. Brigaerts to Lawrence
Deely, rerecord , 1405 . D. 355, lot on N line of
St. Roses street, 104:2 E of Wood, ,E 25 by N
100; $10. -
John iW. Pearson Jr., W. S. and Allie M.
Porter, M. Hart and J. F. Uhlhorn, John C.
Wlnans and E. C. Hawkins (by R. H. Fitz
gerald, commissioner) to Charles R. . Smith,
lot on . NW corner -of Fulton and Devisadero
streets, N 137:6 by W 137:6; $12,800.
German Savinps and Loan Society to George
H. • Moore and C. H. Olinger, lot 8, block 1,
Marion Tract (Hospital Lot); $1500.- ¦ ' .
Charles H. and Caroline L. Olinger 'and
George H. and Marllla C. W. Moore to Rich
ard Sweasey,' same; $2000. ¦/.,''
Wolf- Wreden . Company (a corporation) to
Wreden-Kohlmoos Company (a . corporation),
rerecord 1799 D.' 393,- lot on- N line of McAllis
ter street. 331:6 W of Parker avenue, W 25,
N 88:9.- NE 25. S 89:8; -$500.-.
i Wreden-Kohlmoos Company (a corporation)
to George and' Margaret D.- Farrell, same;
$1750. - ; ¦ .".- " -
John E. O'Day to Carrie O'Day, .lot on SE
line- of Natoma street, 125 NE of 'Eleventh,
NE 25 by SE 75; gift.
Richard M. .' Barry to Elizabeth Barry, lot
on E line of. Church street, 156 S of Twenty
first, S. 26 by E 125; gift. ¦ \
- James T. Leach; Mary A. and G. A. Stew
art, Charles -W. -Smyth, J. H. Seeba (by C. E.
Corey, commissioner) to California Title In
surance and Trust Company, lot on S line of
Hill street. 101:9 W of Church, W 50:11 by S
114: ? 1287. ' ¦¦.-•¦ ¦ .
J. B. Relnstein to Mary J. Tuite,»lot on W
line of Hartford street, 126:6 N of Twentieth,
N 22 by W 125; $2000. j / -
Citizens' Building and Loan Association of
San Francisco to James C. McKenzle. lot on
N line of Beaver street, 100 E of Castro, E
25 by N 114; $3000. ' .
• James C. McKenzle to Eugene L. Harring
ton, same; $3500.=. • "
John W. - Hamerton to Martha Hamerton,
lot on S line of Valley street, 262:9 E of
Dolores ' E 27:lby S 114; also lot on N line
of Valley street, 177:4 E of Dolores, E 25:8 by
N 114; «ift. •
Frederick O. Heydenfeldt to . W. H. Payson,
all Interest in lot on NE corner of Stockton
and North Point streets, E 137:6 by N 275;
$500. •
Thomas and Harriet W. Rowe to Mary A.
Patton (wife of Thomas), lot on S line of
Greenwich street, 214:3 W of Stockton, W 25:9
by S 100 ;¦¦ $2500. ;
Thomas Patton .to Mary . A. Patton, same;
gift..
Emilia SIgrlst (wife of Louis) to John I>.
and Cathrina D. '-Bullwinkel, lot onN line of
Post street, 156:3 W of Taylor, W 20 by N
60; $10. ¦ ~ • ¦ ;
Annie T. Dunphy to Elizabeth Cook, lot on
W lino of Leavenworth street, .100 S of Sacra
mento. S 18:9 by W 56; $3500. - •
George M. Westcott to Annie Dwyer, lot on
SE line of Shipley street, EC2 NE of Fourth,
NE 19:6 by SE 69; $2500.
Joseph ' and Mary A. Horn to Patrick and
Ellen McGee, lot" on SE line of Clementina,
275 NE of Sixth, NE 25 by SE 75; $1650.
¦ Maria C: Drcger to John Hasshagen, undi
vided one-half Interest In * lot on NW corner
of Sixth - and - Brannart streets, W-83 by N 75;
J5500.
¦ Nathan -K. Masten to Marguerite L.. Kendall
(wife of F. I.), lot on SE line of Mission street,
500 SW of Seventh. SW 25 by SE 80; gift.
Hlppolite and Eliza Dutard to William R.
Sloan, lot on E line of Utah street, 350 S of
Yolo. S 25. by E 100; $10. '•- ¦
Samuel I ¦ X>avis to David Pollock, ¦ lot on W
line of De HarO street, 125 ! N of Nevada, N
25 by W 100; $500. ¦ ; ' '
William B. O'Connell to Catharine O'Connell,
lot en E .line of , Eighth avenue, 270:6 -.N of
Point Lobos, N 50 by E 120; gift. . .
•James F. Wheelook to George E. Gardner,
lot en E line of Thirty-seventh avenue, 150
S of O street, S 50 by E 120; $500. .
. George E. Gardner; to George G. Eachus,
same; $S00. • :
Frederick Beckman to Minnie Beckman, com
mencing at SW corner of lot 623 on"Frentiss>
street. S to Courtland avenue, NE and E to
SE corner of lot 630, N to SE corner of lot 625
W to beginning. Map 1; gift. •
Alameda County.
John Gooby and Frank Sllva et al (by W. S.
Harlow, commissioner) to Frank Lelsen (as
signed to L-utgLRaffetto and redeemed by Wil
liam F. Raffetto, lot on SE corner of Linden
street and Railroad avenue, S 108:11, E 75. N
107:6. W 75 to beginning, being lots 18, 19 and
20. block 4S5. Oakland ; $5300. . .'"'.-
Rosa M. Shattuck to Town of Berkeley, lot
on N line of Klttredge street, 219:3 E of Grove,
E 40 N 216.72, W 40, S 261.80 to beginning,
block 4, Shattuck Tract No. 2, Berkeley: $2000.
Avery and May Scoville to Seward M. Dodge,
lot on N line of Jones avenue, 100 E of Olive
street, E'100, by N 141. lots 3 and 4. - block
29, Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township; $500.
Sarah D. Williams (by attorney) and Henry
G. Williams (and as attorney) to Charles W.
Stone, lot on N line of Thirteenth street, 250
W of W T est, -W 30, by N 10, Oakland: $5.
• Charles W.' Stone to Henry G. Williams,
same Oakland; $5. • • ¦ '
Henry G. Williams to Redfleld . W. . Stone,
same, subject to life estate, Oakland; grant.
Margaret Kelley to Mary A. Surryhne and
Joseph P. Dieves. lot 52, block 2024, Whitcher
Tract. Map 2, Oakland; $1700.
. William > and Lizzie Conrad to J. C. McMul
len, all interest in lot ,14.- block F, Thermal
Hill (formerly the Home Tract), Oakland $1000.
Klmball G. and Katharine O. Easton . to
James Rankin and Henry Mohr, all interest In
lot on S line of Effle street. 375 W ( of Lowell,
S 132:6, W- 47.33, N 139.16, E 92.57 to beginning,
being lots 1 and 2. block 24. on map of re
subdivision of Smith's subdivision Mathew's
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Carrie Jacobsen (widow) to Bodlel K. Clau
sen (wife of Andrew Clausen), lot on SE cor
ner of Woolsey and Harper streets, S 35 by
E 114, block 3, on map of -property of A. B.'
Dixon, Berkeley; $2000.
James and Sarah L. Corfln to William E.
Dean, lota 18. 19, 20 find 10, block A, Cham
pion Tract; also N 30.34 feet lot 21, . block B,
same; also the E 32 feet lot 14. block B. eame;
also . lots 4 5 and 6, ! block B, on map of sub
division blocks B and C, same, Brooklyn Town
ship; $3500. "- \ .' .
Myron T. and Marlon B. Holcomb to Citi
zens' Building and Loan Association, lots 6 and
7. block. C, map of Latham Terrace, Brooklyn
Township; $10. ' ; • •
Laura A. Plnney (wife of H. B.) to Sarah
Ward (wife of William), lots. 1, 2, 3 and 4,
block H revised map Prospect Hill Tract,-
Brooklyn Township; $1000.
Anlonlo Fernandez, as executor of the estate
of Manuel Marshall (by W. S. Harlow, com
missioner) to Joshua R. Mead, Anna L. Lee,
Stella B. Mead and William W.v Mead : (trus
tees of the estate of Stephen Mead), lot on S
line of Mead avenue, 625 W of San Pablo. W
25 by S 125^.70, lot 40, map of Mead Park, Oak
land ;-$17L
Daniel and Harriet N. Fairbanks to John.W.
Richards, lots 21 and 22, block 2, Daley's Scenic
Park, Berkeley; $300.
Elizabeth Stone Wade < to Daniel Fairbanks,
lot on N line of Durant avenue, 150 E of Dana
street E • 50 by N 130, lot 16, . block 1, Beaver
Tract. Berkeley; $2375.; ••
• Wellington Jr. 1 : and Leonie Gregg to Charles
Flammer. all Interest In lot on N line of Ashby
avenue 112:6 W- of Ellsworth street, 'W, 67:6
by N 100, ; being the E 45 feet of lots 1 and 2
I and W 22:6 of lots 17 find 18,block C, Suburban
Tract. Berkeley; $SCOO. N -: .'.
.Carrie Burr to Eugene A. Trefethen. ¦ lots 48
land 49, Kingsland Tract, .Brooklyn ..Township;
$500. ' . ¦ :• ' . !'.'•
¦ Ella A. Aughinbaugh to Joseph Hassler, lot
dn SW corner of < Railroad avenue and Mc
: Pherson street, W 33:6 by S 50, portion of Au
i Khlnbaugh 223-acre tract. Alameda (to correct
i deed of December 8, 190O); $10. ., ; .
¦ Luella Moyle to Annie 'Bastlan,; lot on SW
' line . of H street, • 50 NW, of Seventh. NW 50
j by SW , 100, ' block 54, map of southern addition
to town of Llvermore, Murray Township; $100.
i '-. Burdette ¦ Cornell 1 to AVIlllam Clark, lot on
NW line of Howe street. 60 SW of Howard. SW
30 by NW 100, Oakland (subject to deed of
trust for $5C0): $50tt -. ' . - .
¦ Ira and Katherine Bishop to A. L. Stone, ,lot
Hand NE 25 feet of lot 10 on subdivision map
of lota 14 and 15 as per map of survey No.' 824
.made for H.' C. Lee 100-acre tract," Oakland; $10.
.'¦¦•• ! --E. C. Sessions (by. Charles F. 1 . Ott, Superin
tendent of Streets of city , of Oakland), to
Equity Buildings and Loan . Association, r lot
404B -on map. showing lands to be taken - for
opening of Commerce street from East Twelfth
to East Twenty-second,* East Oakland; $28. ¦'
¦ E »W. Gordon to Laura' M. Bond, . lot • on S
line of Grant . street, .' 150 W- of Union, V .W- 60 by
S 100, lots 13 and 14.' block H. Map of new town
of Lynn, subject to a mortgage for $800, : East
Oakland: $600. ;.'¦ . ¦ .. " * -¦.
. :t> Satoft to H.- A. 'Johnson, .lot 1, block 12,
Daley's Scenic Park, Berkeley; $2000.
; Harriet "A.~ Williams (widow) to. Bertha Clay
.ton (wife of H.G.), all Interest in lot on S line
' of -Bay View avenue, . E0 : W . of Chestnut ' street,
-W»B0 by S- 141. lot '13.'- block 11. ¦ Warner Tract,
Brooklyn Township:- $1000. ¦-- - ;. ¦ ; ,
'-;¦¦•¦ Seward M.' and Alice E. Dodge to Angelo and
' Emilia^ Bertuccelll. ¦ lot on , N line of Jones : ave
nue, 100 E^of: Olive street, E 100 by'N;141,lots
3- and- 4." block 29." same, 'Brooklyn 'Township;
$500. --; •¦ -....-.- .._--.-- . ::¦(, '--._¦¦
- 'James iH.' and Lizzie S.'N., Young tojRobert
A. G.;and Carrie Priest," lot on'N line. of Ala-
_ J. H. Stein and I. Goodman (owners) with
I. W. Coburn (contractor), architect C. A-
Meussdorffer— All . work except plumbing, gas
flttingr, painting, electrical .work, mantels, gas
fixtures and shades for two three-story base
ment and attic frame buildings on lot on N
line of McAllister street. 50 E of Pierce, E 33
by N 100, W A 3S1; $14,900. '
E. W. Bennett (owner) with Fred Miller
(contractor), architect August Nordln— All work
except plumbing,- gasfltting, sewers, mantels,
shades and gas fixtures for one three-story
frame building and one two-story and attic
brick building on lot on NW corner of Churcb
and Fifteenth streets, W 50 by N 100, M B 97-:
$11,409. . • ¦ -¦•
Same owner with J.' W. Wlssinger (contrac
tor), architect same— Carpenter and Iron work,
plastering, painting etc., except mason work
and plumbing for same on same; $8745.
James H. Jennings (owner) with J- I* Wil
son (contractor), architects MeDougall Bros.—
All work except plumbing and painting for a
three-story and basement frame building (flats)
on lof on S line of Grove street. 110 E of
Broderlek. E 27:6 by S 137:6J total $6425. -
Chin Chor (owner) with- Walker- & Walker
(contractors), architect J. Eugene Freeman-
Concrete, i brick, gTanite, grading, etc.. for a
four-story and basement brick building: on lot
on S line of Clay street. 26:9 W of Dupont.
W 36:7 by S 6S:9; $7794. . ;
Builders' Contracts.
' Drusa D. and J. "W. Robertson ¦ to Frank T.
Dusterberry, all interest in lot on SE corner
of main county road (survey No. 397) passing
through Centerville and Center street, E 60 by
S150, 'portion of Stevens Tract, Centerville,
Washington Township; $750. •
' Sydney G. W. Baldwin to Sydney J. and
Katherine C. Felton, property in Contra Costa
County; gift.
Augusta . Brewitt (wife of • Otto) to J. H.
Young,- lot on N line of Halght avenue. 256.3 E
from line dividing the Chipman Ill-acre tract
and the Aughlnbaugh 223-acre tract, thence E
40 by N 120, portion (of Aughinbaugh Tract.; Ala
meda; $1000.. '.¦¦/.. --'i ..." -. .......
Frederick and Ana C. Bammann to Miranda
W. Lewis, lot on.W line of. Broadway, 275.9 N
of Santa Clara avenue, N 40 by W 140.2, block
2, map of Hays and Caperton property, Ala
meda; f J500. '¦•¦.-.
meda avenue, 340:4 E of "Walnut street.- E 35 by
N ICO. block C, lands adjacent to Encinal, Ala
meda; $10.
IB Robert A. G. Priest to Carrie ' Priest, same,
Alameda; gift.
John Gillam to Mary Gillam, lot i; block 46,
same, Alameda: gift. ' ¦¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, : MAY 11, 1901^
15
Family Retail Market.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN; must be sold; fine new 2-story
colonial house 7 rooms; hall, bath, pantry
room; high basement; lot 40x100; street work
done; half block to electric car; 2 blocks to
railroad station; price J1600; easy terms. J.
R. PERKINS. Lorin station, Berkeley, for-
merly Oellerich & Perkins.
FINE almost new 2-story 6-roomed- house;
bath; high basement; electric fixtur.es; street
work done; right at station and- electric cars;
price J1600; $200 cash, balance monthly pay-
ment. J. R. PERKINS, Lorin sta.. Berkeley.
SEE those fine, new, . modern, up-to-date 6~
roomed cottages we are building; also 7, 8
and 9 roomed 2-story colonial houses; half
block to electric cars; 2 blocks to railroad
station; prices ranging from $1700 up; 'small
payment down, balance on monthly lnstall-
• ments. J. R. PERKINS. Lorin > station.
Berkeley, formerly Oellerich & Perkins.* Of-
fice open Sundays.
J1309— «-room house; large lot; all fenced; half
block to' electric cars; 4 blocks to local.
JP500— Income property In center of town;
rents for J71 per month.
tSSOO— The finest home In beautiful Berke-
ley; lot 100x130; barn and all conveniences of
a home. •.- - . ¦
Apply S. S. QUACKENBUSH, Opposite
First National Bank.
J175O— HOUSE of S rooms and bath; large lot:
¦ streetcars pass the property; for cash or in-
FtaUments. Apply to JOS. J. MASON. Berke-
ley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAICIiAXD REAL ESTATE.
J1650 FOR a J2500 property In East Berkeley;
2 blocks from station; 5 rooms and bath; con-
venient to everything; sunny and a beautiful
neighborhood: we are instructed to sell wlth-
ojut reserve; $400 cash. J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland. . '
$2250 — ONLY J300 cash; brand-new, latest de-
signed cottage; open plumbing; latest In
everything; near local station, school, cars
and business centers; cost $3100 to duplicate;
seeing Is believing; call early. J. S. MYERS
A CO.. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
J3600 FOR a property originally costing $5500;
C4 feet frontage; house of 9 rooms and bath;
barn with coachman's room; private water
supply on premises: water fountain; shrub-
bery; flowers, etc.: In fact, an ideal home for
a little "ncney: 10 minutes' walk from busi-
ness centers and local trains; terms $800, bal-
ance bank mortgage; positively must be sold;
first come, first served. J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
SNAP on Telegraph ave.; choicest lot In Oak-
land for fine flats for immediate Imp'rove-
ment; will be business property very soon.
¦ GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$1500— NEAT cottage home in West Oakland; 6
rooms: right near local train; easy payments;
investigate . at once; sunny side.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2750— PRETTY Eastlake cottage. 6 rooms and
bath; modern plumbing; fine barn: lot 50x140;
near San Pablo ave. ; a regular snap.
. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkln— Large, sunny bay-
window; wooden mantel; use of kitchen.
FIFTH. 353— Double parlors, kitchen and bath,
furnished, J20; also others, $10 and $12.
FOLSOM, E25— Large BUite sunny front rooms,
light housekeeping; $2 25 weekly.
FOURTH. 225— Furnished rooms for ligfit
housekeeping; also single.
MISSION, 1125%— Suite housekeeping rooms,
$2 25.
NATOMA, 245— Furnished rooms to let, $1 25
to $1 50 per week; housekeeping rooms, $2 50.
NEW Auburn House, 334 Third st— Housekeep-
ing rooms for family; also single rooms for
gentlemen: reasonable prices; references.
SECOND. 212— Well furnished for hskDg. or
lodgings; neat, clean and respectable; reas.
SEVENTH. 178—2 large eunny furnished front
housekeeping rooms; balcony; large yard.
SIXTH. 212— Nice sunny rooms, en suite or
single; reasonable.
TWELFTH. 120 — 2 .nlcdy.furnlshed front house-
keeping rooms; private family; select locality.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
.subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . - -
*~ "" ""*— " *^^^^^^)i
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and tnfnrn?
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best Jl a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
23c to $1 per night; Jl 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CHESTNUT, 293. North Beach— 2 or more fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping purposes; fine
view and sun; quiet neighborhood.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny St. —
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
FALMOUTH, 1, bet. 5th and 6th— 2 or 3 unfur-
nished sunny rooms: some furniture for sale;
call between 3 and 5 p. m.
FIFTH, 264— Sunny front bay-window room;
bath; rent $S; also 1. $6 50.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en FUlte or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL Hollenbeck, 501 Geary st., cor. Taylor-
Sunny suites and single, with board.
HOWARD, 728 — Room suitable for two; reason-
able; also single room, $5; gas.
HOWARD, 1703— Sunny furnished front single
room; private family.
LARKIN, 610— Two furnished rooms to let.
LEAVENWORTH. 2007— Large " 6unny front
room, furnished; grand marine view.
MARKET, 1049A — Front rooms, en suite, sin-
gle; also other rooms; telephone Howard 10S.
MARKET. 2182—2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
bath; private family; adults only; $10.
J METROPOLE, 6 Turk, cor. Market— Newly fur-
nished rooms from 50c to $2 per day. >»?•
MINNA. 262, near 4th— Furnished front parlor;
suitable for 2 gentlemen; private .family.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1013 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, ma
O'FARRELL. 540— Sunny front room, with al-
cove, $10.
PINE. 1006 ..(The .VIctor)-New management;
thoroughly renovated; sunny suites, single
rooms, with board. .'
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2" to
J8; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
EUTTER. 703, cor. Taylor (The San Remi)—
Sunny furnished rooms, suites or single.
THE Crocker, 815 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
: TURK, J14— A nice, furnished room for one
gentleman. i
TURK. 126— Sunny furnished front room suit-
able for a gentleman.
TURK. 268 (The Lake)— New house; newly fur-
nished; modern; board optional. Phone
South 422. ... •
WILL rent use of fine furnished office, nights,
very cheap to young gent. Apply 120 McAllis-
ter St., flat 2. . . ..-.-..-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
- ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTElI Repelier! m^SvM^r^Sew\y^taTT^;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.' '
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820_Market— Suites. 2 or
.3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
A FAMILY hotel,- Wllmott, 728 Sutter— Sunny
rooms, excellent table and service.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
First st.. between Harrison and Bryant.
AT summer rates: attractive rooms: special
. table: wine dinners. 807 California «t
ROOMS WANTED. J
WANTED— Accommodations for visiting stran-
gers during President's stay In San Francisco;
any hotels, boarding-houses or private fami-
lies having: rooms to spare will please bring:
or send to room 217, Palace Hotel, information
as to the number and capacity of rooms . to
rent; also state whether with or without
- board. Citizens' ¦ Committee on Hotels, room
217, Palace Hotel.
IiEtfRY.,j; GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) -
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mer. ~-
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st.," opposite Lincoln Ecl.ool.
¦ ¦¦:! . Telephone : South 80. .- .
bugene McGinn. McGINN.BROS.
I Funeral . Directors and Embalmers, ¦
;. SI EDDY STREET, ¦ " '
Telephone South 252.. : Ban Francisco.
No Connection With Any Other House..
SAN FRANCISCO, -May $, 1901.— This is to cer-
tify that CHARLES H. JACOB has this day
in. Deptrtment Ten of the Superior Court of
the City and County of San Francisco, Cal •
changed his name to CHARLES H. J. TRli-
MAN. -Signed: CHAS. H. J.' TRUMAN.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades: rooms papered.
Si up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth; open even.
PALMISTRY. ;
li. JEROME FOSSELLI. ecientljlc palmist 615
Taylor ct.. bet. Geary and Post; teL Black 661.
MME. GERMAINE, the business palmist of the
Pacific Coast. BCG Market et.
Mrs. La»ib.sclentific palmist and character read-
ing: leesone in class and private. 204 Ellis, r. 18.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful?
OKO D. CAMPPELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
A JCETV and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
which will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red. and blonde hair a rich golden,
in from four to twelve hours according to
Fhade required. DR. FRANCIS C. SHER-
MAN. 406 Sutter Bt.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary st.. and you
will not" be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
AFFLICTED come, we will locate your disease
free, without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feeling cf pulse; tell you how to pet
well without knife, drugs or worthless instru-
ments; scientific method of treatment. Nervo-
Pothlc Co.. 13S2 Market, opp. I. O. O. F. Hall.
A WOMAij on exhibition, old and wrinkled on
one side of face, the other made smooth and
youthful: hundreds are astonished. New York
Institute Dermatology. 105 Ellis st..San Fran.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home: $5; valuable Information for liquor,
morphine, ouium. all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1S39 Polk Bt.. San Francisco.
Jl WEEKLY— Sutts to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
pant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market ft., between Seventh and Eighth. j
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester j
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 7C0 rooms: |
I5c to Jl SO per night: ?1 50 to $6 per week; |
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry, j
LAT>It:S' and gents' shampooing, manicuring
and hail-dressing: also expert massage treat-
ment. The Superior, suite 69. 14 McAllister.
WHITE enamel iron beds, sinele. three-quarter
or double. S2 15. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-323! Stockton st.. near Broadway. !
SCHOOL to learn hairdressing. hair work, man-
icuring; private lessens or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie St.
PIANO & furniture polishing at your home
cheap. 3124 Elm a \\. nr. Scott ;tel.Steiner 4603.
Dr. Harriett Welch. 2113 Bush; hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. an<3 Sat.: electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
SPRING Ftyles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market st.. nr. Sixth.
OLD p*jld silver, diamonds and precious stones
bc-jjrht. J. R. JE.VKEL, E17 Market ft.
Ladles' ana pents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Silverman. 9S4 Folsom ;tel. Folsom 1191.
C. LANDECKER. 20 Mont' gy— Watches cleaned
and repaired, no matter what's broken. Jl; guar.
AI-FREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
liair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hnir and moles destroyed with I
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter Et.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
com cure; Coc; fl.ll druggists.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
f^all. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada «.ne year for Jl.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Of fice"and residence;
1C21 Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
ER. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PICNIC SUPPLIES
ON your -way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
& MOHNS. 29 Market Et-. for finest wines and
liquors; biggest house: open Sundays. t
PILES-
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
surgery or delay from business, and no
Ealves for pale. Particulars, address Physi-
cian, box 1950, Call office, S. F., Cal.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. Jl per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleediflgr.
itching, external, internal or protruding pllrt
¦ without fall, no matter of how long etandli g.
• 1C2S Devisadero St., near Sutter.
PROPERTY WASTED.
WANTED— Income property south of Market;
12000 to J10.CO0. Box SC65. Call office.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
J5200 AND up: only 3 left; 7 sold up to date;
well built and complete in every detail; con-
ta.ins 10 finished rooms; all eunny and hand-.
comely decorated; choice locality; city and
marine view; 151S Masonic ave.. 1 block south
of Frederick st. ; see them before going else-
where. C. ZWIERLEIN. builder.
SSSCiC— HOUSE of 2 flats: bay-windows and
bath: 5 and € rooms: lot 26xS5. 4059 Nine-
teenth st.. near Castro.
FOR sale — Well-constructed, modern residence,
P rooms end bath. In a desirable location
near park : reasonable terms. 660 Mission Bt.
FOR sale cheap, to lie removed— Fine 3-story
bay-windowed residence. 332 Geary st.
BARGAIN— Th3t elegantly decorated now mod-
em 10-room residence. 773 Cole St.; open daily.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. OUNN. 530 California *t.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
G. H. V^infiK^f^CoZ^C^loTiteomerfTtr^^
Special bargain— 160 ¦ acres near Yuba City.
Sutter Co.. short distance from Marysville; all
t:nder cultivation; all rich valley land: few
b'-autiful live o&k tree*; good buildings; well
watcrr-d and well fenced; this land has been
producing profitably anJ is especially adapted
to nearly all kinds of fruits: this will be cold
in whole or in part at a very low price.
Also 340 acres, all under cultivation; rich
v.illey land; good buiMings; well fenced; fihert
distance from Yuba City. Sutter Co.; will be
rrld in whole or In part to> suit purchaser and
st an extremely low price.
The two above pieces should be seen to be
e.pprcciated, and if contemplating purchasers
will call or write for information a bargain
will be given. R. D. BROWNE.
Manager Country Department.
CHICKEN ranch— Personal property; lease,
ftock and implements, for sale; 3 acres in
¦vegetables, 2 In flowert and 5 in grain; 5-
room houf=e; modern improvements; charming
home in Fruitvale: lent, $10 month: price
JoOO. Apply 1306 Castro Bt.,cor. Twenty-fourth.
A TRIP to ThiBtleton. 272 Radowa et.. Ocean
View— On electric car?, 5c; level lots J100 up;
cottage fSCO up; chicken ranch and large lot,
' hothouse, barn and small cottage, $GG0; cheap-
est bargain in S. F.
CHEAP little home close to depot, in Alameda
County; fruits, flowers, nice cottage; well
furnished; all for J1350; terms J700 cash., bal-
ance long time; 6 per cent Interest. H. H.
CRANE, 508 California et. '
BUY in Napa County; no droughts, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crop*'; write us for free
copy "Napa County Vitlculturist." The W.
A. MACKIXDER CO.. St. Helena, Cal.
ONLY $10 per acre— 320 acres on the Alameda
Creek. Alameda County; good house. 9 rooms,
2 large barns; fenced; good stock and hog
ranch; no warte land: a genuine bargain.
H. H. CRANE. 508 California ct.
MARION GRIFFIN, Real Estate Agent. 713
Market St., by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
scribing farms for eale all over this State.
FKK this— Fine stock j-anch and general farm,
near R. R. and 25 miles from Oakland, very
• cheap; 600 acres; well watered; fine Improve-
ments: a lovely home; photos this office. H.
II. CRANE. 508 California et.
Jis PER acre buys good land for homes.
Write J. J. CAMBER, Ekyland.' Santa Cruz
County, Cal.
•POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. It. WINFIELP. Petaluma. Cal.
WRITE J. w. HORN, 812 Main. Petaluma, for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
K WEEK'S npws for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.,
16 patrep. in wrapper, for mailing. Jl per year.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
Jlfift-LOTS in Ross Valley, near San Anselmo
Ftation: y.xiso. Apply 978 Jackson bL
alamedaIdyertisements.
. ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
PROPERTY cf Two Estates; Immense Bar-
gains.
Must.be Bold.
130x207 feet, with improvements, on Santa
Clara are.
Four lota. 60x107:6 feet on Santa Clara ave.,
near Park et.; offer wanted.
E. D. JUDD COMPANY.
1424 Park St.. Alameda.
J2C00 — CHOICE, new, modern, complete cottage
cottage of 5 room*; ready to' move In; Weber
et.; CO-foot lot. J. H. YOUNG, builder, 1243
Park tt.
* SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenant* ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
• 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19; tel. 5580.
—^^— — — — i^— — »»—^— »— — —
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
SECOND-HAND machines all makes * at al-
most any price you want to pay; all kinds
rented $2 mo. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
- teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: open even.; phone Black 1124. .205 4th.
STORAGE AND AVAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at. cut rates. < ¦ • ..
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
'pariy, 2320 Flllmore st; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, S40 Mls-
Blon St.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
~~ TO LEASE.
LOVELY HOME.
To lease for a long term to responsible
party, 40 acres of best land, good locality, in
Santa Crux County; only half a mile from de-
pot; consisting of about 25 acres. of best wine
grapes and balance best fruit; apples, cher-
ries, plums, etc.: lovely cottage, furnished;
also horses, carriage, phaeton, etc. ; s also fine
winery and cooperage for 30,000 gallons. Box
SS41, Call office. . .
AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN~¥?PEWRITEitS^We
tell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter'
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 266.
_WI ND O W S FQ R PAR A D E.
RECEPTION parlor; two large windows (ex-
clusive); parade. Third St., near Market;
$20. Box 4139. Call office.
WINDOWS to rent for the parade. 1021 Van
Ness ave. ' x . . . .
BAY-WINDOW on Montgomery, near Market.
- See or address Janitor. 26 Montgomery st.
WINDOWS to rent for McKinley parade. 428
Third Bt. - , - -- . ¦
DIVIDEND NOTICES.'
DIVIDEND Notice.— Dividend~NorTl (twontyT
five cents ner share) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at th<>
office of the company. 327 Market St., on and
after , Wednesday. May 15, 1901. Transfer
books closed Wednesday, May 8, 1901 at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court tu and for the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California
—In the matter of the- estate of EUGENE
TANIERE, deceased.
ETIENNE TANIERE, executor of the last
will and testament of EUGENE TANIERE,
deceased, having this day presented and filed
herein his duly verified petition praying for
an order authorizing him as such executor to
- borrow money and to make a note, and to
mortgage the realty hereinafter described, for
the purpose of paying existing notes and
mortgages and costs and charges of this pro-
ceeding and of procuring a new loan:
And it appearing tj this court from such
verified petition that it is necessary and
proper that such order should be made;
IT IS NOW ORDERED by said court that
all persons Interested in the estate of said
decedent appear before this court on MON-
DAY, the 27th day of May, A.D. 1901, at 10
o'clock in the forenoon of said day, ¦ at the
courtroom of Department 10 of said Superior
Court, at i the New City Hall, in said city and
county of San Francicco, then and there to
show cause why that certain lot, piece or
parcel of land, situate, lying and being in the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, particularly bounded and de-
scribed as follows, to wit: .
Commencing at the northwesterly corner of
Hyde and McAllister streets, thence wester-
ly and along the northerly line of McAllister
street seventy (70) feet; thence at right
angles northerly one hundred and fourteen
(114) feet and six (6) inches; thence at right
angles easterly seventy (70) feet to the west-
erly line of Hyde f,*reet; thence at right
angles southerly alon^r said line of Hyde
street one hundred and fourteen (114) feet
and six (6) Inches to the point. of commence-
ment, being a portion of the parcel of land
known on the official map of the city and
county of San Francisco as fifty (50) vara
lot number 1338, or some part thereof, should
not be mortgaged by said petitioner, executor
aforesaid, for the sum of twenty-two thou-
sand five hundred U22.500) dollars, or such
lesser amount as to the court shall seem
meet, and reference Is hereby made to said
petition now on file herein for full par-
ticulars.
It is further ordered that *. copy of this
order be published at least once a week for
four successive weeks In the San Francisco
Call, a newspaper of general circulation,
printed and published ih the city and county
of San Francisco.
' Done In open court this 26th day of April,
A. D. 1901.
J. V. COFFEY. Judge.
PROPOSALS. ™
TREASURY Department, Office of General Su-
perintendent U. S. Life-saving Service, Wash-
ington, D. C, May 4, 1901.— Sealed proposals
will be received at this office until 2 o'clock
p. m. of Friday-, the 31st day of May, 1901,
and then publicly opened, for furnishing- sup-
plies required for use of the Life-saving Ser-
vice for the fiscal year ending June 30. 1302;
the supplies to be delivered at such points In
New York City, Grand Haven, Mich., and
San Francisco, Cal., as may be required,
and in the quantities named In the specifica-
tions. The supplies needed consist of Beds
and- Bedding; Blocks and Sheaves; Cordage;
Crockery; Furniture; Hardware; Lamps,
Lanterns, etc.; Lumber; Medicines etc.;
Paints. Oils, etc.: Ship Chandlery; Stoves,
etc.; Tools and Miscellaneous Articles; all of
which are enumerated In the specifications
attached to the form of bid, etc., which may
be obtained upon application to this office,
or to the Inspector of Life-saving Stations, 17
State street. New York City; Superintendent
Twelfth Life-saving District. Grand Haven,
1 Mich., and Superintendent Thirteenth Llfe-
¦ saving District. New Appraisers' Stores, San
Francisco, Cal. Envelopes containing pro-
posals should be addressed to the "General
Superintendent U. S. Life-saving Service.
Washington. D. C," and marked on the out-
side "Proposal for Annual Supplies." The
right is reserved to reject any or all bids and
to waive defects, if deemed for the interests
of the Government. S. I. KIMBALL. Gen-
eral Superintendent.
PROPOSALS for coal— Office of General Super-
intendent Army Transport Service, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., May 10. 1901. Scaled proposals in
triplicate for furnishing and delivering at
Honolulu, H. I., twenty thousand tons, aver-
age Steam Coal, or such portion thereo" as
may be required, will be received at this
office until 12 m., June 10, 1901, and thtn
opened. Information furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals should b« In-
dorsed, "ProposalB for Coal.", and addresj^
to OSCAR F. LONG. General Superintendent."
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Adolf Nahrstedt, 24, 34 Austin avenue, and
Paulina Hankocy, 25, 220 Third street.
Charles F. Church, 25, 26 Valley street, and
GuEsIe G. Sepulveda, 21, San Jose
Willice G. Jones, 21. 864H Mission street, and
May V. Cripps, 19, 153 Tehama street.
James E. Fathera, 21,*864^ Mission street,
and Marie Cripps, 18, 153 Tehama street.
Andrew Parsons. 70, 1626 O'Farrell «treet
anil Elizabeth Jones. 46, New York City
Emil Z. Person, 667 Minna street, and Emma
Osterberg, 2221 Pine street.
Laurence A. Peterson, 40, 114^ Fourth street,
and Ingelborg M. Johanson. 42, 114% Fourth st.
-. George W. Brown, 32, 125 Sixth street, and
Sadie E. Abraham, 36, 125 Sixth street.
BIRTHS — MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sept by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
rona authorized to have the same publishes.-
born. . '¦'¦;.: . . .
BARON— In New York, May ¦}, 1901, to the
wife of Louis Baron, a" son. " • . •
PYRAL— In Oakland, May 10. 1901, to the wife
of Charles L. Pyral, a son.
DIED. — — —
Berr. : Rachel Mayo, Peter
Davis. Luclnda Miller, Charles W.
' Douglass, Fanny Morrison, Hugh
Handle, Ella Newman, Philip
Hansen, Andrew P. Pinto, Adolph
. Hauck, Steven Pinto, Fannie
Herd, George /Plewnia. Simon
Hughes. Joseph A. Puckering. John R.
Kaoifmann.Carl F.W. Rapp.. Louisa M
Kinsella, Patrick Shlels, Georsian- K.
Kreker. Jacob Smith, Samuel
Lewis, Mary E. m Stein, Charles W.
Little. Elizabeth Williams. William P.
BERG — In this city. May 9, 1901, Rachel, be-
loved mother of Charles, Henry and Albert
Berg, a native of Norway, aged 45 years and
6 months. , ' .
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the -funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, '2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Odd FellowB' Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this city. May 10, 1901, Luclnda
DaviH, beloved mother of Jennie Donighue, a
native of England. 'aged 62 years. ..
E7"FrlendB- and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend- the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel. of the Golden Gate Undertaking. Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street,; near Twenty-first.
Interment Laurel Hill 'Cemetery. '~-± ¦ "-'
DOUGLASS— In this city,, May 10, 1901,' Fanny
; Douglass, a native of Scotland,' aged SO years
EE&ihe ft** ii mi imm m»li''ll<ifftili n— ami AW ¦ niin \ ¦¦! ¦¦
• 10 months and 1 day. ¦'. . ¦' ' ¦' . . ¦ '
E^TServlces -this, day . (Saturday),.: at 2
o'clock, at . Franklin-street Presbyterian
Church, corner Franklin and Vallejo streets.
HANDLE— In this« city. May '10, 1901, "Ella
Handle, dearly, beloved wif e " of Joseph C.
Handle, daughter of ¦ Henrietta . and . the late
William Lotzin, and- sister of Hugo-' Lotzin,
, Mrs. Frederick Roloff and f Mrs. . S. O." i Gun-
ning of Marysville, a ¦• native of • Germany,
aged 24 years 6 months and 14 days. .
HANSEN— In this city, - Mas/. ' 8, 1901, Andrew
Peter, I beloved husband of Christine Hansen,
father, of ¦• Charlie, Lillie, Nellie, Mamie.
Agnes, Violet and . Hazel Hansen and . Mrs.
' John Hughes, and brother of Benjamin and
Alfred Han3en and .Mrs.'. Thomas Rose, a
native' of Sweden, aged 50 years. A member
of LoiiKShore Lumbermen's Protective Asso-'
ciatlon No. 224. . r '-. ". ¦» .- :
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 'to attend the funeral this day
: i (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
\ the ' California Undertaking .Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Mount
Olivet i Cemetery. • :.
HAUCK— In • this city. May 10, ¦ 1901, Steven
Hauck, beloved son of Barbara Hauck, and
brother of Peter and George Hauck, a native
of San Francisco, aged 38 years. .-:.".. --.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend thefuneral-.to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dlerks, 957 . Mission street,
between Fifth. -and Sixth. . Interment Ma-
-.* sonic Cemetery. ¦ • '•'.
HERD— In. this city, May 10. 1901. George, be-
loved husband of Annie Herd, a native of
England, aged 43 years 8 months and 1
¦ day. ! * ¦' ' - . . •¦ ; ¦ - .' ; -
C^Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully-invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, ; from' the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. . s . » ¦ ..-
HUGHES— In Oakland, May 10, 1901, Joseph A:
Hughes, beloved son- of Philip and Matilda
Hughes, and brother of Mrs. B.. Niedt and
John and William Hughes, a native of Port-
• land. Me., aged 17 years 9 months and 12
days. !* • . . " ¦ . . *. .
KAUFMANN— In this city, May 10, 1901, Carl
Friedrich' Wllhelm Kaufmahn, beloved hus-
: band of Susie Kaufmann, son of Charles
Kaufmann, and brother of Mrs. - S. Grothe
1 and" Wllhelm, -Henry. Friedrich, August,
Doris : and Auguste Kaufmann, a native of
Wagenfeld, Hanover, Germany, aged 30 years
S months and 14 days. .
1 G?"Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. \ F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eiehth, where services
' will be held under the ausplbes of the Nord-
deutscher Verein. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, by carriage. .
KINSELLA— In this city, May 9, 1901, at his
residence, 517^ Taylor street, . Patrick, be-
loved husband. of the late Ann Kinsella. and
father of Annie, Daniel W. a.nd Augustine
Kinsella, a native of County Galway, Ire-
. land, a?ed So years. v .
Interment private.
KREKER— May 9, 1901, Jacob, . husband of the
late Catherine Kreker, and beloved father of
Edward Kreker, a native of Germany, aged
: 73 years 2 months and 13 days. ';¦¦ Formerly of
Oakland, Cal. . (Oakland papers please copy.)
' (E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking- Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment I. O.
O. . F. i Cemetery. ,
LEAVIsi-In this city, May 10, 1901. Mary Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of David G. Lewis, daugh-
ter of Henry Bailey, and «ister of William,
Henry r Jcssph and John Bailey, a native of
San Francisco, aged 30 years.
LITTLF— In this city. May 10, 1901, Elizabeth
Little, ! a native of Indiana, aged 52 years '6
months and 14 days, t
MAYO— In this city. May 9, 1901, Peter Mayo,
a native of Acapulco, Mexico, aged 40 years
. and 4; days. . ' ; -" •¦- . ;
tC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy, street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
MILLER— In New York City, April 19, 1901,
CharleB Wooster Miller, beloved husband of
Gertrude Benchley Miller, . late of the firm
of Huntington, - Hopkins & Co. ¦
MORRISON— In this city. May 8. 1901, Hugh,
beloved husband of Clara T. Morrison, late
- of Makaweli.' Kaual, Hawaiian Islands, a
native of Scotland, aged 56 years and 8
months. (Honolulu, T. H., papers please
copy.) . . ¦ . . ' . • •
(n?"FrienclB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the Third Con-
gregational Church, Fifteenth street, between
Mission and -Valencia. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, via electric funeral car from
¦ Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
NEWMAN— In Alameda, May '9, 1901, Philip;
beloved husband of Emma Newman, father
of Fred Newman, and brother of Rudolph,
Peter, > Fred. Jacob and George Newman, a
j native- of Germany, aged 65 years and 1
month.
ET'Friena's and acquaintances. are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ; 1538 Sherman street, Alameda. thence
to I. O. O. F. Cemetery, San Francisco, via
! 12 o'clock creek boat. . ¦ .
PINTO— Friends and acquaintances, are re-
—spectfullyy invited to^attendMhe- setting of
the tombstone in memory of- the late Adolph
nnd Fannie Pinto to-morrow (Sunday), at
2:30 o'clock, Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
PLEWNIA— In this city,' May 7, 1901, Simon
Plewnia, a native of Germany, aged 75 jears
and 6 months. .....
E7 Friends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
«. (Sunday), at P o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of, Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street.
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
PUCKERING— In this city, May 10, 1901, John
R. Puckering (for many years purser ¦ on
China steamers), a native of Bridlington,
England. (Oakland, Alameda' and London,
England, papers please copy.) .
ICPFrlends are- respectfully Invited to at-
tend thjp funeral services to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 2 o'clock, . at the parlors of N. Gray
St Co., 641 Sacramento street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. • ¦ . • . . "
RAPP— In- Kansas City. Mo.. May 6, 1901,
Louisa M.,'Wlfe of the late Charles E. Rapp.
and mother of Charles E. Rapp Jr., Mrs. W.
15. Spencer and Mrs. .H. M. Scarritt, a na-
tive of London. England, aged 62 years. i
ff^TThd funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from ¦ 1029 Post
street. Interment , Masonic Cemetery. '
SHIELS— In Berkeley. May . 8, • 1901. Georgian
" Kate Shlels, beloved wife of William- Lyn-
ham Shlels. a native of ¦ London, ¦ England,
aged 33 years 10 months and. 10 days. (Brit-
ish papers please copy.) > .¦ „•.
IT?" Funeral • services* this day . (Saturday),
at 2 o'clock, at the chapel of the I. O. O. F.
Crematory, San Francisco: private. ¦; i
SMITH— In the City and County Hospital. May
10, 1901, Samuel Smith, a native of Germany.
STEIN— Ih this city. May 10, 1901.
William, beloved ¦ husband of Frederica Bar-
bara Stein, a native of Germany, ased 71
years 5 months and -14 days* . .,. . ;-
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2345 • Howard street, between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. < ,
WILLIAMS— in this city, May 10, 1901. Wil-
liam P..' beloved husband of Maggie M.' Wil-
. Hams, father of Willie and Robert "Williams,
and brother, of John P. a native
of Wales, aged 45 years. ,
(CRemalns at the parlors of the Golden
"Gate XJndertakine. Company. 2425 Mission
street, near Twenty-first. _ Notice -of funeral
.hereafter.. . -, / ¦ ' • -¦-Grand Jurors Ask for Pay.
He came cf a very distinguished Scotch
family. He was of a genial nature, gain
ing many friends, among them some of
our most prominent men of the early
days. He leaves a widow and seven chil
dren to mourn his loss. •
Charles McArron. who died In this city
April 29. was one of the pioneer carriage
Tr.&kers of San Francisco, having arrived
here on the steamer Herman in 1852. He
was considered one of the best mechanics
on the Pacific Coast.
Two Boards TJp for Contempt.
George T. Marye, William A. Marye and
Jtmes Irvine are at present engaged,
through counsel. In presenting their views
before Judge Seawell as to why the Board,
cf Works and the Board of Park Commls
fior.ers should not be punished for con
tempt of court for having- planted trees
or. each side of City Hall avenue in vio
lation of en injunction heretofore issued
by the court. Plaintiffs claim the boards
named* should be punished, and, further
more, compelled to remove the trees. On
the other hand, the defendants claim they
planted the trees under an ordinance en
acted by the Board of Supervisors, and
h^nce are not in contempt of the order of
court. The case was argued yesterday
and submitted for decision.
JOHN BARRETT, former United
States Minister to Siam. will suc
ceed Edwin H. Conger as United
States Minister to Peking. Dr.
Chester. A. Rowell of Fresno and
General W. H. L<. Barnes of this city have
influence at work in their behalf in con
nection with the appointment of United
States Minister to Japan. These are the
stories of engrossing political interest of
the time and the entire country will be
Interested in them. The. wonderful devel
opment of trade with the Orient which
conservative men of all nations believe
will be shared by the United States In
large measure and the interesting ques
tions that are sure to arise, needing dip
lomatic skill for their proper handling,
make the succession to the Chinese post
of especial importance. The outlook for
greater with Japan Is also In
evidence and the Japanese mission Is con
sidered to be one of much honor, to which
any man might aspire.
When Edwin H. Conger arrived at San
Francisco the politicians of Iowa were
already at work to place him- In the gu
bernatorial chair. Being interviewed j as
to whether he was a. candidate for the po
sition of Governor of Iowa Mr. , Conger
gave an answer that unmistakably Indi
cated that the proposition would not be'
frowned upon by him if it 'was shown to
embody the wishes of the leaders of his
party. Since then matters have developed
rapidly according to all accounts.' Minis
ter Conger has been warmly welcomed by
the Iowans and it is a foregone conclu
sion that he will receive the Republican
nomination for Governor, which is equiv
alent to an election. The field is accord
ingly open for a successor, to his highly
honorable and lucrative post in the land
of the Mandarins. . .-.•¦ ... .•
Barrett Working for the Place. ¦¦•
Mr. Barrett is now engaged in the work
of enlisting the leading men and the com
mercial bodies of the Pacific Coast in his
behalf as a candidate for the Chinese ap
pointment. He has interviewed the mem
bers of the California Congressional dele
gation and the trustees and directors of
leading commercial bodies and has secured
indorsements tending to show that he is
favored by the Pacific Coast people
It being understood that President Mc-
Kinley considers such evidence of favor
an indispensable prerequisite to the ap
pointment, the President being of opinion
that the wishes of the coast should be the
leading factor in determining the matter,
Mr. Barrett has obtained the support o* a
majority of the California . Congressional
The will of X. K. Hasten, who died
May 6. leaving an estate valued at about
J500.000. was filed for probate yesterday.
Decedent bequeaths $25,000 to each 'of his
children— Edmund C. Masten. Marguerite
L. Kendall, Mrs. F. M. Wessell. Josephine
It.- Dunne, Irene G. Gordon, Georgiana M.
Perkins. Joseph M. Masten, Louis C. Mas
ten. Alice H. Masten and Mrs. Jane Flood
Kwell. Other beauests follow to Mrs.
Mary R. Wilson, a daughter. $5003; to H.
S. Mannine. a son-in-law, $25,000 in trust
for the benefit of his son, Bradford Man
ning; to Marie P. Estill. a sister, $1000; to
Cornelius S. Masten, a brother. $10,000; to
Mrs. Mary A. Fine, a niece. $2000. and to
Mrs. 1^. Crandall, a friend, who resides at
l^sncock, Mass.. $3000. The residue of the
estate is devised in ecual shares to de
ce<?tnt"s children and grandchildren.
Maurice Silberstein. AV. F. Perkins and
Jrpeph M. Masten are named as execu
tore.
Bequeaths to Them Properties "Worth
Almost Half a Million
Dollars.
MASTEST LEAVES VALUABLE
ESTATE TO HIS CHILDREN
An appeal was filed yesterday in the
United States District Court by Lyman I.
Mov.-ry against the judgment of deporta
tion pronounced by United States Court
Commissioner Heacock upon Fongr Muey
Yuk. a Chinese slave woman captured in
•¦ the Federal raid on the houses In Sullivan
* and Baker alleys several weeks ago.
The woman alleged that she was a na
tive of San Francisco and -had been taken
to China at an early age, and on returning
to this city had been landed by the Col
lector of Cpstoms as a native of the
United States.
Mr. Movsry's brief on appeal covers all
The legal points Involved in the case. He
contends that Commissioner Heacock had
no power or authority to enter judgment
or 10 order the deportation of the de
fendant: that the Chinese exclusion act is
unconstitutional and void in so far as it
allows the United States Commissioner to
determine the rights of Chinese persons
to be and remain In the United States;
that the United States Commissioner has
no power to punish a Chinese person for
being unlawfully in the United States, or
to convict for that offense; that the judg
ment of United States Commissioner
Heaccck is in violation of sections 1 and
2 of art!cle 3 of tne constitution of the
United States, and cf the fifth and sixth
articles of amendment to the constitu
tion: that the findings are not justified by
the evidence; that there is no evidence
that the defendant is a Chinese person or
a laborer, and that the evidence shows
clearly that the defendant was born in the
United States. ¦
Judge de Haven set May 23 as the date
for the hearing cf the argument. Should
Mr. Mowry succeed in his contention
It will be almost impossible to con
vict a Chinese person of being unlaw
fully within the boundaries of the United
States. The decision of Judge de Haven
will settle, once and for all. the authority
of the United States Commissioner to
hear and determine such cases.
Mr. Mowry asked Judge de Haven to
admit his client to bail, but the request
was refused.
Says That Commissioner
Heacock Has No
Authority.
Attorney Contends That Parts
of the Exclusion Act
Are Void.
LAWYER MOWRY
MAKES APPEAL
JOHN BARRETT SLATED TO SUCCEED
E.H. CONGER AS MINISTER TO CHINA
. HELD 'FOR GRAND LARCENY— Julia
Gonzaleski and Francisco - A. . GardelU were
held . to answer before , the Superior. Court . by
Judge -Fritz yesterday; on. the charge of grand
larceny .for stealing. J1450 worth' of Jewelry on
March ; 21 - from the ; home . of ¦ Mrs. Catherine
Espinoza, 240O Harrison street. ,
.. The Federal Grand Jury made a' partial
report"! to , United' States Judge' de'
Havenl yesterday 1 arid ! indicted ¦ Gedrge IT.'
McDonnell! on four rounts for, making and
having. 1 counterfeiter's tools in his 'posses
sion.'. . . ¦ ¦¦ '. • ;¦; . • • ¦ " "¦ ¦ .
Indicted hj. Federal Grand Jury.
'Headquarters for trunks and valises. A.
B."Sm^iCo.; 128 Ellis street. .'_ •
At ¦. the -regular monthly meeting; of the
Society-for, the; Prevention of ;Cruelty to
Children, held yesterday, -the -.secretary's
report • showed ? that : more cases «, had ' been
coriSldered bythe - officials-: during 1 the
month of April •' than . during any . previous
month in: the history^ -of ¦ t the 'society/
Eighteen children were placed ; in* charita*
bio institutions and 151 others were aided.
Report of ] Children's - Society.
The treasurer .reported 'receiving dues
and donations in- April amounting to $223.
Thirty-two ? new, members , were ; added to
the list, and Mrs. F.M. Smith of Oakland
was ; elected , a • lif e : member. A - - finance
committee, consisting of Mrs. S.W. Whit
ing, Mrs.vM.. C." Brooke and A.r/Van>.der
Nalllen' Jr.,". was appointed. Superintend
ents'were, elected '-as -follows: Mrs. Wil- 'i
Ham Keith for Berkeley, Mrs. George DI1
lingham for. Ukiah and - Mrs. ; M. . Y. : Mitch
ell for'Llvermore.- . ¦"¦! . ' x ' ¦
' The board of directors of the Children's
Protective .Association held its monthly
meeting v-in , the;. .Academy,; of-; Sciences ¦
building yesterday. The secretary, report
ed, thirty-one new complaints in April and
sixty calls on destitute or. delinquent chil
dren. ,: Seven; of the last named' were re
moved : to institutions, eight", to -¦ family
homes and three were sent to relatives in
the East. .This does not include seventeen
children temporarily provided- for. by the
association on account of their not being
eligible .for* admission to public orphan
ages.' ¦ „- - ¦:- ¦, *. •• .. ¦.•:.-..,.: /
and Protection to iLarg-e Num
. ber of .Waifs. ,V :
MANY CHIL1XREN RECEIVE
[ CARE; AND ATTENTION
ProtectiveAssociation Pro vides Homes
- '-'Naturally. -Any man ¦ in :. Dublic life
would be complimented by such action
and 'would accept the appointment if it
was offered. to him.','
• Mr. Barrett said that Congressman Hull,
so 'far as he knew, had no agency in urg
ing him as a candidate, for he has never
met the 'Congressman. He wished: to say
positively ,that> he # was 'not* making any
effort here to be the Minister to Peking. :
i i''i'-i"i"i"i";"i"i-'H'4-»
"Of course you would accept the posi
tion if . it was offered to you, Mr., Bar
rett?" ~ '
When Mr. Barrett was asked whether I
he had not discussed with the. commercial
bodies and the California Congressmen the
possibility of his appointment as Minister
to China he saldtrrat he was in no sense
a candidate unless Mr. Conger should be
the nominee of <the Republicans 'of Iowa
for Governor and should accept xhe nom
ination. He said that he had talked with
the commercial ; bodies and also with the
Congressmen, but only incidentally. His
business here was not to seek the nomina
tion or to secuVe the influence of. the peo
ple in that direction. .His. real, business
was work in connection with his appoint
ment as United States delegate to the
Pan-American Congress .' in Mexico. His
talking about the position of Minister to
China-: was: only incidental. — He had not
met any. opposition. The commercial bo dies
had favored. him for Minister. In fact, the
commercial ' bodies were unanimously in
favor of his appointment on the commercial
commission that was proposed some time
ago. Their belief- that he could serve the
Interests of the coast and of the country
at large in the Orient seemingly had not
changed since their former action.- No
Congressman that he. had met in Califor
nia had said that he was opposed, to his
selection as Minister to China. ¦
Commercial 'Bodies Friendly.
¦ -.'-¦¦¦ . : I ¦ ' - .. ¦
in both a diplomatic and private 'capacity,
have convinced me not only of the import
ance of the field but of the magnitude and
delicacy of the I difficulties of the proD
lems to be solved. No Minister can go to
China to exploit his own ideas and wishes.
He must go there simply.-as the* agent of
the Government, to carry, out .the policies
determined at Washington." : '
'.General committee— Thomas Learned (chair
man), George F. Lynch (secretary),- Rev/; James ,
McDonald' (treasurer), Colonel' D. 1 ' J." McGloin;
A." B-: Magruire, F. J. "Weyland;. Joseph - Kelly,.
Lieutenant E. < F. Glennon, J. J. Connolly, ; F.' >
Zanh, James Rlley, E. J. Coffey", Harry Me- ;
Carthy. J. ; J. Jordan, | James Hayes, T. Dough-'
erty. Reception committee — Joseph I Kelly, ¦ F.
Zabn, John Morton. Thomas R. Bannerman,
J.-- Cullen. J. Mclnnis, T. O'Hara, T. - Dough
erty, Thomas Learned, J. "O'Connor. Press
committee— Rev. James McDonald, - E. ¦ J. Cof
fey. Transportation and grounds— Harry -< Mc-
Carthy. J. J. Jordan,' Joseph Kelly. Colonel. D."
J. McGloin. B. J. Coffey. Printing- and adver
tising—Joseph- Kelly, John J. . Doyle, ¦ Rev. E. :
M. ¦ Looney, E. J. Coffey.- Tickets— Colonel D.
J. McGloin. Music— J.-J.. Jordan, ; Lieutenant
E.' F. Glennon, L. Marks. ' Prizes— John 5 J.
Doyle (chairman). James . Riley, John' Dyer,'
¦R. '.' Doran, James . Kiennan. ;-' J. .' E. O'Brien.
Games— James - Hayes (chairman), J. ¦ J; Con
nolly, F. . J. Weyland, Lieutenant - F.* Dough
erty,-Lieutenant J.H. O'Brien, John S.' Ban-"
nerman, A. B. Magulre, 'J. 'H. Qulnn, Thomas'
Learned. Floor committee — Dr.' Charles J.- Mc-
Carthy, Tom ' Dougherty, " James L. .¦ Fallon.'
Colonel D. 1 J." McGloin, George McCarthy, Frank
, Morton, J. E. O'Brien.. Lieutenant M. A: 'Mc-
Cann, James Meehan, R.'E. -Armstrong. -.;
The parishioners of the Church -of St.
Charles Borromeo have decided' to hold
their annual reunion and picnic thl3 year
at : Fernbrook Park, , Niles ¦ Canvon, on
June 11. More than usual interest is being
taken in the event, and an enjoyable oc
casion Is assured to those who may at
tend. The following committees have
been selected,:
Parish Busily- Engaged Arrang
ing for the Event.
Members of St. . Charles Borromeo
PT.A-N" ANNUAL OUTING; >?• '
AT rEHNBR00K : -PABK
'Seven consecutive years spent in study
ing Asiatic commerce, peoples and politips
Mr. Barrett was asked last -"night
whether he was a candidate to succeed
Minister Conger at Peking. He said:' -
"When the report was generally accent
ed as true that Mr. Conger would be noin-.
inated as Governor of Iowa, anil .that the
position of Minister to China v/ould thsre'
fore become vacant many of the minis
terial and principal commercial and mis
sionary interests of the country began to
take steps, without my suggestion lock
ing to my appointment, as his successor.
I. have made and shall make no efforts to
be nominated which are not inspired and
supported by such influences. Unless the
President has complete confidence, in my
ability to meet the responsibilities of the
post I would not think of exuectlng that
he would appoint me if he ever considers
Barrett Is Diplomatic.
When Mr. Barrett was appointed UnHed
States Minister to Siam he was the young
est American Minister accredited to a for
eign country. He is a native of Vermont.
Soon after he graduated from Dartmouth
College he came to the Pacific Coast. His
appointment as Minister to Siam was
made in 1894/ Since then he nas passed
most of his time in the Orient. -
Mt. Conger has had a longer diplomatic
record than Mr. Barrett, having been up
pointed Minister to Brazil by President
Harrison, continuing: in that position until
he was removed by President Cleveland.
He was appointed. Minister to China by
President McKinley. • ' . . .
Well Known on This Coast.
Mr. Barrett has made himself well
known to the mercantile classes of the
Pacific Coast during the past two years,
lecturing repeatedly upon topics connected
with trade developments in the Far East.
He first appeared before the Chamber of
Commerce in this city after his
from the Orient, when' he made an ad
dress by invitation of the trustees of the
chamber. Since then he has spoken sev
eral times on Far Eastern affairs and has
also been a prolific writer oh the' same
general theme for a variety of publica
tions.
These several facts confirm the story
that Barrett will be the Minister to China,
as Congressman Hull is In high favor
with the administration.
Congressman John A. T. Hull. Chair
man of the House Committee on Mili
tary- Affairs, who represents the Seventh
Iowa district In Congress nominated Bar
rett and has interested himself in doing
what he could for him. The Seventh Iowa
district is the one that Mr. Conger repre
sented three terms in Congress and up 'to
the time that President Harrison appoint
ed him as United States Minister to Bra
zil. The political manipulation of affairs
leading up to the candidacy, of Mr. Con
ger for the Governorship is also credited
to Congressman Hull.
delegation. Senator Bard's indorsement
was not secured until after tho Senator
had been assured that Barrett's appoint
ment would not interfere with the chances
for appointment of Dr. Rowell to the Jap
anese Mission. The attitude of Senator
Perkins is uncertain. - ¦ •
The members : of the Wagon ; and Car
riage Makers' Association raet'at Native
Sons' Hall last night and- the executive
committee gave out the statement that
the association .would not -In any. case re
»cede from its posit-on, and' that business
would still be carried on, If It-should be
deemed necessary to Import labor for that
purpose. " * -. ' ¦ ' ¦¦' ••"•.,-¦.¦
¦ • The ' associated •. employers _ announced
thatias-far- as they were concerned the
matter would , be. .allowed to remain in
abeyance for the present. •:
i Allen Templeton'ahd* Charles Duran, the
striking brass > polishers, accused' of . as
saulting T. 'W.. Thompson,'. a ;non-union
man last Saturday., night, '.were. arrested
yesterday, the | former | for threats against
life and the . latter for i an assault with ; a
deadly weapon. They .were at once re
leased on. cash bail. -.-..' .
Will Continue in" Business.
The Labor Council is anxious to avert a gen
eral . strike now and at all other times, but If
the employ ers-> think that they can force the
trades unions out ! of their present well
strengthened position by the threat tha.t It
such strike now occurs they (the trades unions)
will be charged with having planned it for the
time of the President's arrival, we can but re
peat *hat we shall do our utmost to prevent a
general strike. but ;•• notwithstanding these
threats the Labor Council will not permit the
two thousand cooks and waiters of San Fran
cisco to' be forced back into the inhuman con
dition of seven days' '• work per week and a
twelve to sixteen hours' worlc day.
Even If the city must experience the hard
ship of 'a general strike, the Labor Council will
not through fear surrender me welfare of the
workers of this -city to the .whims and greed
of the unscrupulous employers. By order of
the San Francisco Labor Council.
: ,W. H. GOFF, President.
ED ROSENBERG, Secretary.
A proposition was made to hold a mass
meeting to-night, -but it wa3, voted down
on the suggestion of some of the older
members of the council that inflammatory
speeches might be made. , A. meeting of
the council will be held to-morrow morn
ing at 10:30 to consider the boycott ques
tion; meanwhile tho executive committee
will have entire direction of affairs.
In the dispute of the Carriage Makers' As
sociation and the three unions involved these
are the facts: On May 1 committee* of the
unions met a committee of the association.
Hours, wages and union recognition were
agreed upon. A few days afterward, at a
second conference. 1 members of the employ
ers' committee stated that they could not
agree to the clause guaranteeing the employ
ment of none but union men. They stated
that they did not • "dare" to sign an agree
ment containing that clause. This resulted
In a" walkout of over 400 men.
To-day the written statement of an employ
ing carriage-maker, who had signed the union
agreement, was given to the I>a£>or Council, set
ting forth the fact that a certain firm had re
fused to supply. him. wagon material. This In
cident explains- why the employers do not
"dare" to sign union agreements. The refusal
of the Morgan Oyster Company to supply oys
ters to union restaurants is ¦ another incident
In proof of the same concert of action on the
part of the employers. .: 'v-i-V-^J
Anxious to Avert General Strike.
Trouble With Carriage Makers.
- During the last six months the employers
, in - a large number of Industries,' tiring of
the continued disputes due to the employ
ment, of partly union and partly non-union
men; have signed agreements with the unions
• to employ members thereof ¦ exclusively. It
Us significant that 'when the Cooks' and Walt
ers' Alliance a3ked the concession of its trade
rules this great array of employers* associa-.
tions should suddenly spring Into life.
¦ The policy i of these associations is . to shut
off supplies . from - restaurants signing Pinion
agreements. To all who have followed this
strike closely it is known that the wholesale
and retail - butchers had entered Into a com
pact to refuse to " furnish meat to union res
taurant?. That compact failed of effect be
cause of the determined attitude of the Jour
neymen • Butchers' Union, the members of
which refused to continue at work if to do
so meant to cut meat for non-union res
taurants only/ Why this sudden alignment
of forces in a dispute'- which, if * prosecuted,
meant the stoppage . of the food supply of
the city? The employers' associations ought
to be able to answer this.
A Suspicious Circumstance.
at this time or later should rest, we charge
that it is vidently;the Intention of the em
ployers' associations to bring on the fight now
if it . possibly can be forced on the trade*
unions. . '¦¦/"'
within the ranks of the union the employer
has the right to hlr« whom he pleases and to
discharge any man whose services he no longer
desires. The only case- in which the. union In
terferes is when ' a member or members of
good reputation as workmen are - summarily
discharged for activity - in union affairs and
when undeniable proof of such cause is ob
tained. Even in cases of such injustice the
discharged men usually waive their right and
do not ask the union to interfere— not caring
to continue under an employer who will stoop
to blacklisting. So much for that.
As to where the blame of a. general strike
Much is being said aboutthe "alleged.tyr
anny of the unions" in forcing upon -the em
ployer certain m'en • whom ¦ he does not desire
and in. preventing the employer_from discharg
ing undesirable .help. Again "we state that
"Kecosnltion of the union" does not mer.n
that the union is going to run. the employers'
business. All it means is that all empl^eu
in civen industries .shall pay uniform wases,
work their emsloyes'. certain hours, anrf hire
union men. The union does not interfere /with
the right of the emvloyer to hire and dis
charge men within 'the membership of the
union. The union guarantees to its members
a minimum rate of wages and a certain work
day while employed, but' does not - guarantee
them permanent employment.
Unions Are N"ot Arbitrary.
The recognition , of the . union, . by the : em
ployer .: to the extent of entering; into ' agree
ments to employ none Ibut '-members of the
union is absolutely necessary, in .nearly '.all In
stances to prevent' continual misunderstanding
and friction. "VV'e find that unless such agree
ments are entered into employer and employe
are continually engaged in controversies. While j
at certain times employers are ready to concede I
the wage and hpur schedule we find that where j
union recognition is not agreed to the active I
union . men are very shortly discharged, and j
later on.it is given out, directly or indirectly, I
by the employer that it Is best for men In hl«
employ not to belong to t*.e union. If this
Is not heeded a weedlng-out process begins, re
sulting either in the disruption of the -union
or in a strike. As soon as the. union Is dis
rupted wages go down and the hour3 increase.
The unions having learned this through many
a hard lesson now insist on the principle of
union recognition in making their agreements.
The vLabor Council regrets this; [but -.will in
sist on the right of the. workers, to unite in
trade unions for their protection. ¦ " Z. • ¦
The San Francisco Labor Council in "its at
tempts to prevent the spreading of the present!
strikes by arbitration lias failed to secure the,
co-operation of the. Employers' Association, and'
of the Metal Trades Association of the Pacific:
Coast, the two associations comprising the em-;
ployers of this city. The' latter declare that
they have "nothing to arbitrate.?- •- •> ¦, ,
Thp>Tjihnr fYinnrll rwrots thla'Mnit -will In-.
Employers Blamed for Boycott.
Secretary Wisler of the International
Association of 'Machinists reported that
seven thousand men would go out on
strike on May/ 20 unless their demands
were granted.' President Davis of the
Journeymen Butchers' Union reported
that prior to "Butchers' day," " May 22,.
they. would have something to say. to their]
employers. Delegates from other unions
reported- similar conditions. of affairs. ¦ j
Before taking the vote on the matter of
levying a boycott on the restaurants Sec-'
retary Rosenberg read the subjoined ex
planation of the attitude of the Labor,
Council in this matter:.
'It was lone after midnight before a re
sult was reached. . The orators of the La
bor Council indulged in glowing periods,
but all seemed agreed on the one point
that the only way to uphold the dignity
of union organization was to declare
these boycotts.
After the reading of reports from the
difterent unions fcecretary . Hamilton of
_the ..Cooks' and Waiters' Alliance ex
plained the attitude of that organization.
Ho was followed by Organizer Pierce,
who> supported his contentions. Every
delegate who took the floor spoke In favor
of levying the boycott without regard to
its ultimate effect. . •
According. to Organizer J. -D. Pierce,
nearly 250 restaurants now display union |
cards and accessions are being made j
daily. It is expected that some of the
larger houses will be unionized: in ample
time to prevent any inconvenience to the
visitors who will throng the city on the
occasion of the President's visit.
By an affirmative vote, which was al
most unanimous, the San Francisco Labor
Council last night decided to levy a boy
cott, on all "unfair" restaurants. .iThe
Seattle Brewing and Malting Company
was also placed -under a ' similar ban.
Time for the investigation of the stand-
Ing of the Morgan Oyster Company 'was
given to the executive committee, which
in one week will determine what action
shall be taken. •
Official Statement of Position
of the Unions in Pres- »
. ent Trouble.
LABOR COUNCIL
ORDERS BOYCOTT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 11, 1901.
the man who . will \ suc
ceed conger as minister
¦to china. "¦;¦;
Ay. Distinguished Visitor.
Joaquin Baranda, who was for eighteen
years a member cf President Diaz's Cabi
net and is now head of the courts in Mex
ico, sat on the l>ench beside Judgre Lawlor
yesterday. He took a deep interest in the
proceedings of, the court.
The members of the Grand Jury yester
day filed demands for the days of attend
ance from impanelment. December 26,
1900. to April 30. 190L In a communication
accompanying the demands the claim is
made that the Supreme Court in its deci
sion in the case of T. O. Crowley against
the Civil Service Commission held that
the city and oounty of San Francisco Is
to be considered as a county, and the
Grand Jury members are entitled to the
same compensation as in other counties
under the statutes. The demands aggre
gate the sum of SS36.
16
Non-rUnion Restaurants
in the City: Under
the Ban.
Majority of Congressional Delegation From Galifcwiu^
of San Francisco "Will Supply Necessity!^
SfEClAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY and TUESDAY
Granulated Bast Cane SUGAR, 18 lbs. , $1.03
Sugar. Special. Saturday only., \
Best LBros.' Brand Eastern HAMS, tt.I3.!c
Every Ham guaranteed. Reg. 13c
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. .321o
Market has advanced. Reg. 40c.
POINT REYES CREAMERY, square .... 30c
Now is the time to have your Butter packed
; f or the winter. Market is advancing. Reg.
v.ular 33c. .. , . . -
BEST MISSION^ EGGS, dozen. - . U . . • .20c
•I-.' Gathered dally. Regular 23^c 5
FAIRBANK'S GOLD DUST, 3-Ib pk^ 15c
Gold . Dust. SDecial. Saturday only. ¦
ZINFANDEL;: in stone jag; gallon ...... 75c
Extra Fine Vintage. 1332. Reg.- $LW.
KIPPERED HERRING, large can ...... 20c
• Imported from Scotland. Reg. 25c. '¦ 2 .. '
CREAM Pure Rye WHISKEY, full qnart.$l.CO
Old. Rich and Mellow. Res. $1.33.
J. H. FUCKINGER PRUNES, 8 Ib3 25c
5 lbs 23c.
BORAX FLOAiING SOAP, 6 cakes. ... .25c
White. Regr. * cakes 23c.
SARDINES, Flag Brand, 3 cans 23c
Imported. Regular IS^Sc.
KARROMEL CORN SYRUP, quart can. .15c
• Extra choice. Rear. 20c.
MONOGRAM OPS WHISKEY, gal. . .$2.75
Rye or Bourbon. Reg. $4.00.
TAPIOCA (Pearl or Flaked) SAGO, 5 lbs 25c
Res. 3 lbs 23c.
BALTIMORE COVE OYSTERS, 3 cans. . .25c
Reg. 10c can.
BRGMANGELON, Dessert Jelly, pkg 10c
Reg. 15c package.
IMPORTED CASTILE SOAP, 3-Ib tar. . .25c
» Virgin Brand. Reg. 30c.
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR, 50-lb sack 80c
Res. 90c sack.
Le Court Imptd. French Mushrooms can.22Jc
Reg. 30c can. "4*
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of these "special" sales.
\ve ship free of charge within 10O miles, on
all orders exceeding 13. Ask for monthly
price list— free.
1348-1354 Market Street.
_ Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 292. Xo Branch Stores.
I EVERY WINEGHSSFUL OF
B9 is a dose of
VIGOR AND HEALTH,
All Druggists Throughout the World. •
/j^ilk Every Woman
W^VMXM la MARVEL Whirling Spray
\*3£»§ti^S&LL tionandSurtum. Best-Saf-
Vo^^Q^g.^g^. , est— Most Convenient.
Ok your CratT-n »» :*• \>;, /fifry"»-»"''^Z^-~^'* .
1 f he cannot »upi>ly the l iit/£'/ffl&5
other, but send stamo for 11- i^ffla^
luatrated book-^«««a.lt gives Va / ''WJT :
full particulars and directions In- CK"./ • M .
?aloable to ladies. MARVEL CO., *~4$[ri!fffiiMJr ¦
593 Mission St.. San Francisco. i> *^L^
DE.MCNULTY.
TglS WfcLL-KXOWX A»D RELIABLE OLD
iiwKf^?' < T re 1 H- 00^ Poiso ". Gonorrheea.Gleet.
-ii^ ta i^T' y*™ 1 "* 1^ eaknes.-. Impotence and tbel?
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, fre«.
y j :: 5 to3 - 30^, v gs> Snndays.lOto 12. Consul!
tauonfreeandsacredly confidential Call or address
»« , *£»°8COE McSULTY, 3i: D.
aCKKearny SSt^ San FrandMO. CteJ-
Weekly CalV $1 per fear
Our 5Cc ''and 65c ; WOMEN'S MUSLIN
NIGHT GOWNS, trimmed . with O7 r
'embroidery and lace. On sale.... O **V
.HEMSTITCHED ' WOMEN'S 0 1 C
TDRAWERS ; , worth 35c. On sale,
'WOMEN'S MUSLIN DRAWERS, ¦ five
tucks in ruffle, ¦ and trimmed with good
• embroidery; sold elsewhere at 33c. OOr
On sale -*>¦*!>*
On sale to-day, - all ' our t>etter ¦ quality
CAMBRIC GOWNS, CHEMISE. DRAW-
ERS and -WHITE. SKIRTS at 20 per cent
less than regular ffrices.
. WOMEN'S MERCERIZED SATEEN
' SKIRT, looks exactly like silk, wears
better, black or colors; $1 50 qual-.QS/>
ity. : On sale -«JO_^
*WOMEN'S ' BLACK UNDERSKIRTS,
made of good . moreen, ' flounce lined with
canvas and . trimmed with ten-Inch ruffle
cf accordeon plaiting; 9Sc qual- <>A/>
Ity. . On sale VJU W>
To-day ~. you .can . buy our regular - 33c
WOMEN'S HOSE, made of beat OO/>
Mato Cotton, at....-......*..... -^rOw
'. Our resrular : 13c HOSE -at lie.
Our 20c HOSE at iaV4c. .'"-,_
Our regular 25c heavy ribbed, full finish,
fast black , CHILDREN'S . HOSE, i double
knee, heel and ¦ toe. . On .' sale *| K/>
Corset -Special.
- Ask to be shown "our lot • 505 P. . AND N.
CORSETS; • come In three 1 different styles;
worth $160." On sale, SJ51.OO. After wear-
Ing same thirty"' days and not satisfactory,"
will'glve you a! new corset.
' ; . \ ¦ •' - ¦ . ¦
2 Waist Specials, c
, Women's eolld' cAred 1 CHAMBRAT
WAISTS, -In newest : snades. Watermelon,'
Pink, Reds and : Blues, "-tucked . front and
back; good value $1 50. : On sale QOp
- WAISTS "' made of : WTilte India . Linen,
front, of all-over ¦ Egyptian- Lace, * tucked
back,- Bishop sleeve; regular price OOs-»
U 50. On sale.......;.:...;..;...... OOC
"" No. . 22— Elaine Taffetai ' ALI*-SILK : RIB-
4 BON. ¦ all colors, . 3 - inches • wide ; : sold *¦ all
over at' 13c ' yard. • , Our price . to- ~ 1 4"k
'day;'...................;...:.....;;.... IUC
1212^1214 MARKET ST.,
- Bet. Taykr and Jone3.
• ¦:.- .Hale'g. - I Bale's. '
Ill^fiSiii Po^a^dot Hose
. ygSi^HSL I.- '¦& MB$ JSBffS Are scarce. All we can do to get them
¦¦^^^^flb^P^MBJgMB^I fast enough to sell at full value. What-
/ ?TC^^?^?^irX!^SBO^ a st * r ' then, we'll make with these at
t^^^^^^^^^H 600 pairs in black and white polka
<!SzM&fffii§FMj dots (extracted dots), not printed ones
¦DREr-5 J that come out first time they are
/Nri washed. Such good stockings we've
•¦ vJ^^^^^^^^^m Been selling them for 17c.
J^^^ffW^^^^^i ¦' But we had a chance to buv a11 a man
had. Wished he had more-only got
sizes 5 to 7 ; Now don't wait too long—
"^^^^^^^m Vhiid's Dresses 45c.
• i A'nd of good Percale, too.
- Ruffles run over shoulders and around
JT0CWN05^^wPiL4j<^p yoke — braid, too, helps to finish them —
I Oyfc aSmST ¦£« patterns are largely stripes and figures—
[ f ft- r pf jggljEf BiKr colors are pink, blue and lavender — for
'SkksH "B ¦"" girls ¦ 4 to 14 years old — priced to-day
Wjj |*iu Dresses at 75c,
'Ha \P*i Made of fine, soft percales, with yokel
-*ft§s5 x£»ff collar and cuffs trimmed with white braid.
Yokes of open work, white lawn, trimmed with braid and ruffles over the shoul-
ders and around front and back. The skirt is full— come in checks or stripes in
reds, blues or pinks— «ges 4 to 12.
Lawn Dresses $1.45.
Smartly, simply made— finished with three rows of embroidery on front of yoke
—over the shoulders is a flounce edged with lace— embroidery is on tho cuffs, the
backs are pleated, skirts are full and pleated in front with hem at bottom— ages
Toilet Soap 5c box. 1
.' It ought to sell for. ioc. but we got so much of it we cot it for about
half-price. It's a hard-milled white- soapl
3 cakes Buttermilk op Witch Hazel
for five cents-^-a splendid complexion soap: No more when this is gone.
Ostrich Feather Boas.
Have just been received by express^ — are" made of long, glossy, selected os-
trich feathers— full and fluffy — colors are guaranteed. Prices run like this:
Black— Yard long, $7.50, $8.50 and $10.00. Gray— One yard long. $10.00 and $12.50.
Black-1% yards long, $11.50, $12.50. $13.50 4 yards lonS « %VL ™' * 13 - 50 and
and $15.00. - ... Gray— i% yards long. $20.00.
Black— 1% yards long, $15.00, $16.50 and Natural— One yard long, $12.00.
$20.00. ¦ Natural— 1% yards long, $13.50 and $13.00.
Ice Cream Chocolates ioc.
Put up in 5-oz. bags, and they are'flavored with the pure strawberry fruit
juice. .They are made in our factory under personal supervision. Delicately
sweet and wholesome — 5 or. to-day, ioc.
. .:.. Our hair-dressing parlors on the mezzanine floor are attracting wide
attention among careful, particular women. The appointments are elaborate
and- thoroughly modern. A full corps of skilled artists are in attendance.
If IS vl 4^d 8 HJ ATC*
IE ,m XK '9^ao4f 4k B"H M 1 <^ ff
m i^«<C&iir i^V $a Opposite we picture three o f -
m *^vVw^i tB^ F^. e smirtest hats in summer
' ¦)& ttirTflni ni^Jlr^fH hl ochs—thzD«rby, the Crush
i [ g^^i££MI^^^^ H^t an d the Alpine. Xo end of
¦fti, ; U^W^^^^mHS vreiiy colorings in all of 'mi.
ftV) j I El*, /«SS»*iJ5 Xo hat rnicLe. any prettier or
iltA /-J> - iiil any snappier at any price. It's
fpl^R^^^r^llll " v& hut , thai' -i wide our big
is-fli a^ Deparirtisnt famous, aivd
*w Send for Our New Book- on •. Summer