PRICE FIVE . CENTS.
SAN- FRANCISCO, /WEDN^D^ip^^gyiOOl;
VOLUME XC-NO. 19.
Continued on Second Page.
Joseph |D. Redding Has Complaints Pre
pared; to Be Filed When Evidence of
Adoption Is Sufficiently Well in Hand
THE Intention of Princess Hatz
feldt to contest the will of Coi
ns P. Huntington, published ex
clusively In The Call, was a
topic of much discussion -yes
terday, particularly among law
yers, railroad men and finan
ciers. Interest in the news was general,
and wherever men gathered In conversa
tional groups the proposed contest and
The Call's exclusive announcement of it
became Invariably the subject of conver
sation.
The principals In the colossal legal
strugrsie that the Hatzfeldts are prepar-
ing. to inaugurate are keeping discreetly
silent. The Princess Is still In Sacra
mento with her mother. Mrs. Clara Pren
tice, who is one of the strongest cham
pions of her daughter's claim to. a larger
share In the Huntington millions. She as
serts that she signed a document by
which she relinquished her authority,
over her daughter, and that Huntington
legally adopted the child, the papers be
ing duly recorded. The procedure \ In
cluded even the' formal changing of ••her
name from Clara Louisa .Prentice to
Clara Blizabeth Huntington. Mrs. Pren
tice and the witnesses sha will ba aMe
to produce will doubtless* be the main
stay of the plaintiff's case in, the. event
of failure to find record of legal adoption.
Prince j Paul Hatzfeldt and Joseph D.
Redding, the attorney who has been
chosen to lead the assault upon the Hunt
ington moneybags, keep their own counsel
well. • '
Prince Sees Vaudeville.
The attorney and the Prince • were in
each other's company- almost the entire
day. - They were in consultation, on.busi
ness matters presumably, during the
course of - the forenoon, and saw some of
the slshts of San' Francisco during 'the
afternoon, accompanied by M. Guedalla.
Among other places, they visited the pub
lic buildings of the city. They, dined "to
gether ¦ and afterward occupied ¦ box-seats
at the' Orpheum, where the jacklesof the,
battleship Oregon were being entertained
by .the best that .vaudeville had to /offer.
They enjoyed the enjoyment of the sailor
men; and when the! monologiat suggested
The Life of
¦ Princess Who Now
a Fortune
•¦¦ ¦'¦¦:¦¦. ¦¦.¦¦¦:¦.-¦¦.. "¦•/¦''/¦:¦¦¦.¦.
that the ' poor should all go , to ¦ sleep and
let the rich do their, own, work they smiled
at each pther ifi comfortable j anticipation
of multimillionaire' opulericy. ¦...*. ' ; ';i
"'Do : not -ask me -to . talk '• to-night,').' Mr.'
Redding, said In 'i reply '^to | a ; Call , reporter's
request^-f or' a \ statement. .'.'Really* Ii-am
here' for/an evening's frecreatlon aridM
not'.want to talk 1 of . business': or .will-con
tests.":-. ' - '¦:'.¦ ;'¦'.. \ -'¦:¦' .¦:¦'.'.' , "'¦' . ; ;'•. ¦¦.'. ! '":
1 . . * Good ; Cause ¦ torj Reticence. ;< ,*
I The I reticence' .of f the '¦[ Hatzfeldts -• ; and
their attorney and the secrecy ,with
preparations for the contest are surround
ed are' not'bard 'to understand. ~ The^ will
of the late railway magnate provides that
in'; case any legatee; devisee or beneficiary,
under the will shall ' contest' the will ho
shall cease to have any right, title or. in
terest in the estate and shall forfeit what
ever legacy ..was provided for him by the
i-will; . J In f view . of \, this clause - j Princess
Hatzfejdt':. will, jeopardize . her ' legacy 4 of
$1,000,000 by 'the . : which ! she : .will
bring. Ordinary precaution would' dictate
secrecy arid caution" in preparation for the
contest In order .that =the opposition , might
be Uaken "at '¦ a disadvantage, | and ithis ne
cesslty.for secrecy.is ( immensely Increased
by, the ¦ forfeiture ; provision of the will. ;
V It | is '. not, however, to be ' supposed ; that
this." provision" of j. the ; last '.testament '"of
the*2 great". financier will deter> the Hatz
feldts from bringing the contest.- The stake
to be won } is"; too 'great .to' permit timidity
to stop, the throw. of the dice. ¦
;•! Confidence that may be
forcedt upon the "executors : of ;• the estate
noi doubt: plays,' an Important part:ln' the
causes'^, that* Impel "the" Hatzfeldts to con-
Principals Are Discreetly Silent and Refuse
to Discuss Palpable Evidence of Their
Intention to Bring Suit Against Estate
test the will. The interests of the estate
will;- suffer, almost inestimable injury ev
ery month that It remains tied up. by . a
contest, and the . well-known Huntington
prudence •, may be, expected to desire an
early, settlement out of court of the ques
tion-at Issue. Further, the enormous In
crease in the* value of the estate, It Is ar
guedfwill make the executors more ready
to add r liberally ; to * the legacy ¦ left by
Huntington to hfs foster-daughter.
Though Redd'ng . i-.aintains sphlnxlike
silence, it -is stated : on authority of a
well-known . lawyer J that Redding has the
complaints ' prepared, and that ' they will
be filed in New York and San Trandsea
simultaneously when the auspicious ttmij
arrives. - v . - . I
lyrATrsr native converts
KILLED AT QT723TFARE33
YOKOHAMA. June 18.— The Japanese
Consul at Mokpho, Korea, reports that
the recent mission troubles at the Island
of Quetparet were" caused by native con
verts. These persons so exasperated the
other natives that the latter surrounded
them and killed 500 of them. The foreign
¦cruisers are still at Quetparet:
FOSTER DAUGHTER OF THE LATE COLLIS P. HUNTINGTON AND HER
TITLED HUSBAND PROCEED WITH PREPARATIONS TO CONTEST THE WILL
Concerning other suggested improve
ments Chairman Burton had only to say
Colonel Heuer's report favored the
work. I do not recall the amount of
estimated cost of deepening the chan
nel, but it was about 8380,000. Thi3
is a proposed improvement to which
we shall give attention."
Lest evening the members of the party
expressed pleasure with the reception that
California has extended to them. They
were assured that they would be cordially
welcomed at all other points In the State
to be visited and that all possible facili
ties will be afforded to enable then to
inspect harbors, channels, etc., satisfac-
NAVY YARD WILL
HAVE ATTENTION
From Marysville the Congressmen will
journey north to Portland. Tacoma. Seat
tle and several Dolnts on Pugct Sound as
far north and west as Xeah Bay. Fri
day. July 12. they will sail for Alaska
from Seattle on the steamship Victorian
and kHJ reach Seattle July 20 on the re
turn trip. They will go East by way of
Spokane. Wash.. Helena, Mont., Salt Lake
City, Colorado Springs, Denver, Kansas
City and Chicaeo.
Stockton fcy rail from San Francisco: the San
.Trequla River to the mouth of the Sacramento
River, and up th<» Sacramento River by steam
brat: the rapper Sacramento and Feather rivers
and the proposed sites for debris dams, and
Marysville.
After the enumerated places have been
visited the Congressmen will follow out
an official itinerary. The dates may be
changed because the Rivers and Harbors
Committee have reached San Francisco a
day earlier than the reception committee
originally expected. The localities to be
Inspected will be visited in the following
order:
THE members of the House Com
mittee on Rivers and Harbors
and their party are at the Pal
ace Hotel. They arrived upon
their Fpeclal train from "San
Jose late yesterday afternocn.
They -were received by William M. Bun
ker, Moses Greer.ebaum, N. P. Chlpman
and Geerge E. Plummer of the committee
representing the commercial bodies;
James P. Taylor, chairman of the Joint
committee of the Oakland Board of Trade
and Merchants' Exchange: Secretary
I>evlln of the Vallejo Chamber of Com
merce, Secretary Scott of the San Fran
cisco Chamber of Commerce and Con
gressman Woods. Kahn and Metcalf.
Congressman McLaeMan came from the
southern part of the State with the party.
Tfrey were escorted from Third and Town
send streets to the Palace Hotel by tho.
committee, "where they found that their
apartments had been handsomely decor
ated with flowers at the Instance of the
reception committee,
Directly after the Committee on Rivers
«nd Harbors arrived at the Palace Hotel
a conference took place with tBe"~repre- '
sertatives of Oakland and Vallejo con
cerning the Itinerary In California. The
plan a» made up by the reception com
mittee will be followed, accidents except
ed. To-day Oakland CreeTc and Oakland
will be visited, the party leaving San
Francisco at 19 a, m. by the steamer Slo
»"'"¦'
To-morrow San Francisco Bay. Vallejo
and Xapa Creek "rill be viewed, the party
sailing on the steamer Frisble. Friday
ir.orning the Congressmen will go to Tib
uron en route to Petaluma Creek and
•will return to San Francisco Friday aft-
Chairman Burton's
Views Upon Mare
Island's Channel
Many Places Ready
to Give Welcome
to Committeemen
Visiting Congressmen
Greeted by City's
Commercial Men
OUTLINE
OF WORK
IN VIEW
"But the question of the consider
able stretch of comparatively shallow
water between San Francisco and
Mare Island — twenty-two feet deep
— has been brought to the attention
of the committee on Rivers and Har
bors before.
"Some years ago we recommended
that a survey be made and that the
cost of deepening the channel to the
depth of thirty feet be estimated.
This . recommendation was adopted ;
by". Congress and became - a r law. •-
Congressmen Kahn and- "Woods, •who had
also seen the telegram, did not attach any
importance to it as to a possible re
moval of the business from Mare. Island.
Chairman Burton shared their views, but
alluding to another statement in the tele
gram •concerning the lack of deep water
bet-ween San Francisco and Mare Island
made the following interesting statement:
"The Committee on Rivers and Harbors
has nothing to do with recommending or
making any examination for a site for a
navy yard. That work would have to be
done by a board of naval officers and the
report of such board would be referred to
the Committee on Xaval Affairs. We
would have to deal with that only as in
dividual members of Congress."
torlly. The members of the Congression
al committee are the following named:
Theodore E. Burton. Cleveland. Ohio (chair
man); Walter Reeves, Streator. 111.: Blackburn
B. Dovener. ¦Wheeling. 'W. Va. : Roswell P.
Bishop. Ludinfrton. Mich.; Ernest F. Acheson.
"Washington. Pa.; Page Morris. Duluth. Minn.:
De Alva S. Alexander. Buffalo. X. T.; Thomns
H. Tonpue, Hillsboro. Oregon; George P. Law
mice, Xorth Adams. Mass. : James H. ' David
son. Oshkcsli, Wis. ; Thomas C. Catching?,
Vlcksbunr. Mies.; Rufus E. Lester. Savannah,
Ga.: James H. Bankhead. Fayette. Ala.: Phil
lip D. McCulloch. Marianna, Ark.; Albert S.
Berry, Newaort, Ky.; Stephen M. Sparkraan.
Tampa, Fla.; Thomas H. Ball. Huntsville.
Texas; Laman M. Ellis (secretary), Cleveland.
Ohio.
With the Congressmen are their wives
and daughters. ••
Chairman Burton's attention was called
by a Call reporter last evening to a tele
gram in an evening paper, dated Wash
ington, which set forth that Secretary
Long had intimated that "the department
Is thinking: very seriously of transferring
part of the Mare Island Navy Yard busi
ness to a point nearer San Francisco or
to a site near some other coast cit5 r ."
HOUSE COMMITTEE ON RIVERS AND HARBORS COMES TO SAN FRANCISCO
WITH INTENT THOROUGHLY TO EXAMINE THE BAY AND OTHER WATERWAYS
PROMINENT FIGURES AMONG THE MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE COMMIT
TEE ON RIVERS AND HARBORS; WHICH ARRIVED HERE TESTER
DAY ON 'A TOUR OF INSPECTION OF THE STATE "WATERWAYS." .
PRESENT
NEED OF
VALLEYS
Congressman Woods
Has Ideas About the
Necessary Works
The San Joaquin River
Has a Valid Claim
on the Public Purse
Proposed Dams for
Debris Are Also
Very Important
YESTERDAY morning The Call
afforded the ' people of the
State an opportunity to learn
what was deemed by men well
qualified to speak to be essen
tial to the improvement of the
rivers and harbors of certain sections of
the State. This morning-interviews with
Congressmen appear In print, which give
the views of the people's representative* " ~
In regard to localities other than those
mentioned yesterday. The import-free nt
having a clear understanding of tfc<» pub- ,;.
lie needs cannot be overestimated tt. fhtji ;
time. Every Intelligent observer knf.rs '.",,
that the Pacific Coast of the United Bts j mi
is about to enter Into an era of ¦-*¦**£.'.
development, and commerce will lead tL«
way. The Call is accordingly willln? to
surrender a great deal of space In this ¦
connection for the public good and does so
gladly. Below will be found what Con
gressmen "Woods and Coombs say In
reference to .th* present topic of para
mount importance.
'.The first named calls attention to the
fact. that 1 while he speaks at some length
about the San Joaquln Valley, the peo
ple -of Sacramento have prepared a
memorial in which they set forth their
desires and a general statement of value
to themselves. He therefore leaves the
presentation of their case to them, being
confident that they will do the subject
Justice. The statements that - Congress
man "Woods makes will be considered, for
his figures and facts are striking. ! They
show how Important are the interests of
the interior.
WOODS SPEAKS OF
NEEDS OF VALLEYS
Congressman S. D. "Woods says that the
most urgent requirement for the Improve
ment of waterways in the San Joaquln
Valley Is the proposed diverting canal to
carry the waters of Mormon Slough to
the Calaveras River.
"This is a project recommended by
Lieutenant Colonel Heuer' and Is in
dorsed by the "War Department." said
Congressman "Woods. "The purpose Is to
prevent the deposit of detritus and con
sequent shoaling of Mormon and Stockton
Channels and the San Joaquin River. The
improvement calls for an appropriation ot
$255,016, a part of which Is for the dredg
ing of the two channels named. This ap
propriation has not* been authorized by
Congress, although there Is little doubt
of favorable action after the Committee,
on Rivers and Harbors has visited the
locality and becomes acquainted with Its
needs. The dam proposed by Colonel
Heuer, to be placed In Mormon Slough,
three miles east of Stockton, and the ex
cavation of a canal from that point four
and one-half miles northwesterly to th»
Calaveras River, and' the alteration of the
mouth of the Stockton Channel will save
the Government annually $7113, which ha£
been the average expenditure for dredg
ing the detritus from Stockton and Mor
mon channels during the past thirteen
years. The plan will also be a great sav
ing to the shipping Interests of Stockton.
"The city of Stockton and its business
men have repeatedly expended vast sums
that every one would be considered care
fully. The committee had considered that'
only by visiting the rivers and harbors, of
the Pacific Coast'could jit. gain the knowl r
edge necessary for- considering any. river
i and harbor bill as a whole. Mr.. Burton
t has personally .visited and inspected every
: navigable river and harbor, for which Im
. provements have been asked— that Is,- on
;the,Atlantic or on the Gulf. Other mem-
bers of the committee have taken pains to
similarly" equip themselves with -•'»*¦ full
knowledge of the facts.
¦:- Chairman • Burton, in speaking about
river .and -harbor . improvements, Is en
thusiastic and evidently is greatly inter
ested, in" the work. >;Indeed,. when he' as
chairman of the committee presented the
fiver and harbor bill to ;the" Fifty-sixth
Congress he"; said: ?The Committee on
Rivers and Harbors . presents this bill
with the confidence that no measure be
fore * Congress confers greater benefit
upon the. country." • .-- •' •¦ -¦
DESIRES THAT ALL
RIVERS BE VISITED
Congressman Frank Li. Coombs said:
"The visit of the House Committee on
Rivers and Harbors to California should
be of supreme Importance to the State.
Heretofore our appropriations for our
rivers and harbors have depended upon
the energies of our representatives, to
gether with the reports of the United
States engineers as to the advisability and
necessity of the same. The greatness of
a State cannot be studied solely by maps
and through scientific reports. . The
breadth, length and resources of a river
can be ascertained accurately by sailing
down it. Observation is and always will
be the true lesson. California Is so far
removed from the nation's/ capital that
visits of this kind have heretofore been
deemed impossible.
"The committee should visit every river
In California, and te made acquainted
¦with the great resources of the valleys
which they drain. Facts gained from
scientific knowledge -will be more easily
understood. Necessities' based upon ob
servation appeal to the fairness, the Judg
ment and the wisdom In a two-fold light.
It Is to be hoped that the commtitee will
be given an opportunity to visit the coun
try and learn the value of the improve
ments contemplated for the rivers which
pay - their annual ' tribute to San Fran
cisco. It Is necessary to learn, not only
the needs of a river, but It Is Important
to learn of the . resources of the great
valleys through which they flow and
which must depend for all time to come
upon their improvement and protection.
"It is to be hoped, therefore, that the
people of San Francisco, having the en
tertainment of this committee in charge,
¦will look to the advantages to be gained
In a knowledge of the great- valleys
which, year j by year, are paying their
tribute to San Francisco." ¦- . •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.To remove paint from a wall, back u
against It before it gets dry.
PUEBLO, Colo., June 18. — A private dis
patch from a correspondent -lrK New York
apparently having accurate information
state* that a definite agreement among
tho dlffeient steel manufacturing -syndi
cates has been effected by which. they will
divide up the country as relates to the
steel business, each . plant being assigned
certain territory in which to operate, and
that the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company
gets Ike entire Western country this side
of the Missouri River. It remains inde
pendent of the United States Steel Trust
snd will have no competition from it in
the western half of tne United States.
The projected improvements at th<» works
here. Including the erection of tin and
wire mills, will therefore go forward, and
$4,000,000 will be thus expended.- Prepara
tions for building are now under way.
"Will Arrange Manufacturing' So That
There Will Not Be Any Dan
ger of Competition.
K'1'Kt.ri. SYNDICATE PLANS
DISTRICTING OF COUNTRY
Later information reached the city that
Captain Rogers, of the State Rangers,
with two under officers and Private
Ranger Sanders, had captured three Mex
icans and that a fight had taken place,
one Mexican being killed and one escap
ing. Captain Rogers and party are in
pursuit of the man who escaped. The
County Clerk of Xarnes County has been
asVed to send men to Identify the Mexican
killed and the one captured.
LAREDO, Texas, June IS.— Ne:ws by wire
has ' just reached here that Captain
BrookV company, of State Rangers has
had a 'fight with the Mexicans who are
supposed to be guilty of the assassination
of Sheriff Morrison of Karnes County and
Sheriff Glover and Constable Schnabele of
Goczales County. The commander of the
company- was notified .that four horses
were stolen Saturday night at Campbell
ton and that the riders were headed for
the Rio Grande. Brooks' company waa
at once put on the lookout, and the news
to-day is that the detachment overtook
four Mexicans riding horses suiting the
description of those stolen at Campbellton
from the Fords ranch, which is about
eight miles from here. A running fight
then ensued in which one Mexican was
killed, one wounded, one captured, Rnd
one escaped. The details are unobtainable,
but that a -fight did occur is evidenced by
the fact that this evening- the Coroner left
Benavides, a station on the Mexican Rail
way, for the scene in order to hold an In
quest. /
Texas Rangers Exchange
Shots With Mexican
--Murderers.
RUNNING FIGHT
WITH OUTLAWS
NEW YORK, June 18.— An action
brought by Professor George A. Tread
well against Senator William A. Clark of
Montana, the United Verde Copper Com
pany, of which Clark Is the president: the
directors of the corporation, and other de
fendants, to recover 100 shares of stock in
the United Verde Copper Company, was
brought to trial to-day before Justice Mc-
Lean in the Supreme Court.
The plalhtiff claims that he deposited
100 shares of stock as security with Ben
nett and his manager, Thomas, and that
subsequently, without any authority from
Tread well, the stock was sold to Burgess,
who in turn sold It to Senator Clark. The
allegation Is made that the Senator was
aware of the facts in the case. The pro
fessor alleges that the par value of the
stock was $10 a share, but that it has re
cently brought $300 a share, and he asks
that Mr. Clark, who is president of the
corporation, be compelled to render an
accounting.
Allegation Made That He Knowingly
Purchased Stock Fraudulently-
Obtained by the Seller.
SENATOR CTLABK SUED
FOR AN ACCOUNTING
The conference was secret. It will be
continued to-morrow and end with a pub
lic meeting, when the result of the gather
ing will be embodied in an address to the
people of Missouri.
Lee Merriweather of St. Louis and
twenty-two other leaders in the Public
Ownership party, of St. Louis arrived in
Kansas city this morning after having
spent the whole of yesterday in consulta
tion with Mr. Bryan at Lincoln. Mr. Mer
riweather and his followers went to Lin
coln from St. Louis Sunday. Their pur
pose was to confer with Mr. Bryan and to
learn his views in regard to the third
party movement. Mr. - Merriweather is
guarded in his statements concerning Mr.
Bryan, but says that If Mr. Bryan does
not support the present movement he is
at any rate in symnathy with its purpose,
for it is to advocate the same principles
which Mr. Bryan has espoused.
J. H. Cook, chairman of the State Cen
tral Committee of the fusion wing of the
Populist party, said that if the Demo
cratic party is captured by the gold stan
dard element Mr. Bryan will be forced by
the logic of events into the leadership of
the new party. . ¦
KANSAS CITY, June IS.— The first defi
nite step toward the organization of a new
"third party," which is proposed to em
brace Missouri and to form the. nucleus
for a. national .growth, was taken to-day
in Kansas City at a conference of mem
bers of the Populist State Committee and
a few Silver Republicans. The movement
is said to have the 'expressed sympathy
of \V. J. Bryan, who, it is further hinted,
Is to be the new party's candidate for
President In 1904. .
' ¦ •
Efforts. Will Be Made to
Have "Him Accept the
Leadership.
the Sympathy of
1 Bryan.
Movement Said to Have
PLAN TO FORM
A THIRD PARTY
' Class 51— For the best' collection of local
shells: First prize, Carrie Humphrey; second
prize. Flora Gray. . '. .' • '
Class 22— For the.best exhibit Of 10 mounted
plants of the native flora of Monterey County:
First prize. . Edna Lewis: second prize, Elsie
Buckley.,-..- :.-,-. . ¦¦•' ,-. ; :
Class 23— For the best natural history dis
play: First prize, . Evelyn ' Ellis.
• Class 24— For the '. best exhibit of v hemming
and sewing: ' First prize, IWlnifred Humphrey.
*- Class 25— For: the best- painting of flowers by
school 5 children: -Flist- prize, ¦ Ruth - Bonney;
second prize, Emma White. . •
Class. 20 — For the best' collection' 6f "Insects
found in the neighborhood: First prize, Wal
ter iLittle: Hecond prize, . Ray Lee.
Clats 20«— For, the best exhibit illustrating
the life history • of • an Inject found In ¦ the
neighborhood: First prize, . Walter Little; sec
ond prize. OJIer Lewis. " -.
Daughter Born to Czarina.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 18.-The Czar
lna to-day gave birth to a daughter. The
child will be named Anastasla. .-••:.
of wild flowers: First prize, Lydla Barber.' .'
Class 19— For the beat kept bed In the school
garden: First prize, Leslie Fritz; second prize,'
Eva Towle. ¦•»' :,.-¦ ;-¦¦: ¦.-:¦ ¦- : . -• ¦¦ ; ... ..
CHARLOTTE, N. C, June .18.— Fire this
morning destroyed a large portion of the
business section of Greenville, S. C. No
lives were lost.
viewing the navigable stream leading
from San Francisco Bay up. to the
city. They were met at Palo Alto and
driven. to this place ' by a committee of
citizens after being shown Stanford Uni
versity and the residences at Menlo Park
Arriving here at 2:15 o'clock this after
noon they were taken 'aboard a launch
and shown the desirability of. dredging
and straightening the creek. A number of
prominent citizens accompanied the com
mittee down the creek and explained the
benefits that would accrue from an appro
priation by Congress. The committee
took evidence and promised to give the
matter their careful consideration At
4:15 o'clock they met the train which
brought the ladles of tne party from Palo
Alto to this place and departed for San
Francisco. . •, V
Big Fire at Greenville.
DAYTON, Ohio; June 18.— The strike at
the National Cash Register Works has
been settled and the factory opens to-mor
row morning. About 2600 persons were
concerned. •
Strike Amicably Settled.
LOS ANGELES, June 18.— "The Union
Pacific is certain to rush its line to Los
Angeles to completion. Mr. Harriman
gave me this Information during a con
versation I had with . him . in New York
and I" am convinced that the work on the
Oregon Short. Line, now going on in Ne
vada, is hot to be stopped until this city
has another transcontinental line east."
Such was thft positive statement made
yesterday by Henry E. Huntlngton. Mr.
Hunting-ton reached Los- Angeles Sun
day from San Francisco. He will be In
and about this city for nearly a" week. >
The statement that E..H. Harriman is
really building to Los Angeles -must be
accepted' as having been made by Mr.
Huntington for publication in the utniost
good faith. . , /
Mr. Huptington denied the story, which
has been current here, that he intended
to acquire a winter residence either here
or in Pasadena. His permanent home, he
declared, would continue to be San
Francisco. ¦ 7.' *
Special Dieratch to The Call.
Union Pacific to Rush
Construction on Its
Line.
MEANS TO BUILD
TO LOS ANGELES
exchanged; rejoined his regiment In- front
of •¦Petersburg, : and soon afterward took
part: in the expedition to Weldon Railroad
find in^'the battle? of Boydton Road, Pe
tersburg. Sailors Creek, Fnrmville and
Appamattox- 1 Courthouse. ' He was mus
tered- outs.of service in Ausrust. 1S65. -an*!
shortly after went to Detroit. Mich. Then?
for a time he was employed in the boot
and shoe factory of H. P. Baldwin & Co.
Deciding to embark In business for
himself, in December, 188G. with C. H.
Smith, he purchased a small' boot and
shoe factory, the entire capital repre
sented by the firm of Plngree & Smith,
when 'established, being but $1350. The
first year they, employed but. eight per
sons, and the value of their production
reached only $20,000. Increasing business
compelled their removal to larger quar
ters, and in time they obtained and main
tained their position as the most exten
plve boot and shoe manufacturers in the
West. ;
In 1SS9 the Republican party; nominated
ex-Governor ..Pingree for Mayor of De
troit and he was~elected by more than
2000 majority. He was re-elected in 1891,
1S53 and 1895 by increased majorities each
time. In 1896 Mr. Pingree was elected
Governor of Michigan by ?3,000 plurality,
running ahead of the national ticket by
26,000 votes. He was re-elected Governor
in 18T8 by 'about 160,000 plurality and
served out his term, .which expired in
1900. Last March he started on a trip to
South Africa, which ended in his death
in London. : . ' '¦ ¦
Ex-Governor Pingree, while he was
Mayor, accomplished, many municipal re
forms, among others forcing the' gas
company to lower rates 60 cents per
thousand; establishing the public light-
Ing plant; organizing the Detroit Rail
way on a 3-cent fare basis; lowering tele
phone rates and breaking up a number of
sewer and paving rings that were thriv
ing when he came into office. His potato
patch scheme for the reHef of the poor
of the city was extensively copjed and
brought him much fame. While Govern
or Mr. v Pingree devoted his energies to
ward securing a law taxing railroads and
other corporations on an ad valorem ba
sis, instead of specifically on their
earnings. His efforts resulted in the
passage of a law along these lines by the
last Legislature. •
Mr. Pingrree is survived by a widow and
two children — a son and a daughter.
PACIFIC GROVE, June IS.— The flower,
natural history and art exhibition which
was In -progress in this city during
last week_ under the auspices of the
Pacific Grove Museum Association, closed
Saturday night. The affair, from a finan
cial view point, was one of the most suc
cessful ever held hereabouts and, scienti
fically and artistically,' it far exceeded
anything of its kind ever attempted in the
State outside of San Francisco. Mo^t-of
'the classes of exhibits were- not competl-.
tive and these comprised the finest dis-"
plays, but some fine • specimens were
shown in the competitive classes. Fol
lowing are the prize winners:
Class 3 — For the best 12 roses, . 12 varieties:
First prize, Mrs. S. King, Pacific 'Grove; sec
ond prize,' Mrs. E. S. Beach, ' Pacific Grove. ...
. Class 4— For the best 12 roses, 6 varieties:
First prize, Mrs. W. H. Briggs, Pacific Grove;
second prize, Mrs. S. Kinff. ; •
Claps E — For the lareest and best collection
of wild flowers: First prize, Mrs. , M. E. Mc-
Cord, Monterey; second prize, 'Miss Annie
Kay, Monterey.
Class 6— For the best collection of cut culti
vated flowers: .First prize, Mrs. W. R.. New-
Ion, Pacific Grove: second prize, . Mrs. L. A.
Ropers and D. Cox. Pacific Grove. ¦ . ¦
Class 7— For the 'best collection of sweet
peas: First prize, Miss M. E. B. Norton, Pa
cific Grove; second prize, Mrs. W. R. Newlon.
Class 8— For-. the best collection of pansiest:
First prize, Mrs. W. K. Newlon; second prize,
"Mrs. C. Newton. Pacific Grove. •.
Class 9— For the best kept flower or vegetable
garden in Pacific Grove: Mrs. Jane K.Tuttle.
• Class 10— For the best collection of not mor«
than 25 . dried plants, . mounted and named:
Equal first, Miss F. K. KIng-sley, Miss Emma
Juth, Dr. Harrlette Howe. - ¦ ••¦ .
Class 11— For the best collection of not more
than 25 marine algae: First prize, the Rev.
O. W. Lucas; second prize, Mrs. E. H.
Thomas.
Class 12— For the best collection of local
shells : First prize. Miss Anna E. Jones; sec
ond nrlze, . Miss Marion Rouse; special first,
Edwin V. Warren. * .'
• . Class 14— For, the 'btst arrangement of- flow
ers suitable for dinner., table decora tlqns: First
prize," Mrs. C. R. Few.- Monterey; second prize,.
Mm. H:- Koelle, New Monterey.' •.-.- " •:
Class 16— For the best decorated booth: First
prize, . Mra. E.' 1 S. ' Beach; second - prize, 'Miss
Lillian : Smith. ; .,:.:.?;••• . -v;,.,
- Following are the classes for competi
tion , for children ¦ under 14 years , of ; age. -
Class 17— For . the largest and be«t : collection
.....
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Grove. ;
Prizes Awarded at the
Museum in Pacific
RARE FLOWERS
THE FAVORITES
LONDON. June 1 18.— Ex-Governor
Hazen ; S. P^ngree- of Michigan
died here to-night" at 11:35. His
sen was the | only one present at.
the time. The attending ' doctor
left Mr. Pingree's bedside at about 11:15.
prorating to return shortly. H. S. Pin
prce Jr. who had been watching at his
father's side f»r four days, noticed a sud
den change in his father's condition. He
had hardly reached the patient's, bedside
when his father died peacefully, ' without
warning and without speaking one word.
Young Pingree has wired to his mother
and his uncle in the United States not to
come to London. "The body of the late
Mr. I'insreo will be embalmed and taken
to his home.
» The diagnosis made bv London special
ists of the cancerous affection of the in
testines from which Mr. Pinprree suffered
left no hope for the patient's recovery.
Toward the end of his illness Mr. Plngree
suffered great pain and weakened rap
idly. He was unable to retain nourish
ment. His mind, however, remained fairly
clear. During the whole of Tuesday he
was kept alive by injections of strychnine
and drugs administered to lessen his pain.
: Hazeh Senter Plngree was born in Den
rnark. Me., lft 1840. -In 1862 he enlisted in
thb First Massachusetts Heavy Artillery
for the unexplred term of three years of
the regiment. When the regiment was
mustered out at the end of the term he
re-enlisted on the battlefield for "three
years more, or during the war. He par
ticipated in the second battle of Bull Run,
Fredericksburg Road, Harris Farm,
Spottsylvania Courthouse, Cold Harbor,
North Anne and South Anne. At the bat
tle of Spottsylvania Courthouse his regi
ment opened the engagement, losing 121
men killed and 368 wounded.
On May 25. 1S64, Mr. Pingree. with a
number of his comrades, while escorting
a wagon train to Front Royal, was cap
tured by a squad of Mosby's men. They
were brought before that officer, who ex
changed his entire suit of clothes with
Pingree, but afterward gave back the
coat, remarking that his men might shoot
him for a "Yank." He was confined for
nearly five months at Andersonvllle.
bur5", N. C, and Mlllen. Ga. At the last
named place, in November, 1864, he was
rett. a negro, who assaulted a white girl
at Gulfport. Miss., was captured this
afternoon and lynched. He was taken to
the scene of the crime, identified and con-
Jessed, and was then strung up to a tree
a half mile Irorn the town In broad day
light.
Alleged Accomplices of BrescL
BERLIN. June 18.— Special dispatches
from Meissen. Saxony, -say "that -three
Italian anarchists have been arrested in
the Senftenberg mines upon evidence that
they had been connected with Bresci in
the assassination of King Humbert. The
three anarchists were delivered over ¦ to
the Italian authorities.
Negro Assailant Lynched.
NEW. ORLEANS, June 18.— Abe Bar-
•who. with his wife, swore that the negro.
Will Bussey, had committed an assault
en Mrs. Watson, was taken out by a
committee of citizens in Camden last
night and given 500 lashes. The affidavit
of Watson ari his wife was the means
cf Bussey being sentenced to hang the
latter part of this month, but about
three weeks ago Mrs. Watson made a
written statement confessing that she
was forced by her husband to swear
falsely against Bussey, and on learning
this Governor Da vie suspended the ne
gro's sentence. Watson was placed on
a train going south and given instruc
tions not to stop In Arkansas.
Made False Affidavit and Nearly
Caused the Hanging of an
Innocent Negro.
CAMDEN. Ark.. June 18.— Tom Watson,
INDIGNANT CITIZENS
HORSEWHIP A PEBJUBEE
WATSEKA, IlL. June 18.— Bert Magee.
an ex-member of the City Council, was
placed in the County Jail to-day, charged
¦with murdering his wife, his six-year-old
pon Calvin and his wife's mother, Mrs.-
Mark J. Hershberger, on the morning of
May 28. , — . . : '
The accused is the only living witness
of a fire in which the three victims per
ished. Magee remained alone around the
flre until the house was consumed and
then drove four miles to this city before
raising the alarm. . The fact that he es
caped with all his clothlnsr and. that; he
¦was the beneficiary of $2000 • insurance
upon his wife's life led to his arrest.
At the Coroner's inquest Magee refused
to testify.
Held to Answer a Charge of Killing
• His "Wife, Son and Mother
in-Law. -" -
EX-CO UXGXLXt AN ACCUSED
" OFSEVEEAL MTTBDEBS
for Murder.
NEW TORK. June 18.— Dr. Samuel J.
Kennedy was released under $10,000 bonds
this afternoon and was ' cheered by a
crowd of -600 men and boys as he -walked
t. it.lt counsel's office to join his wife. An
hour later he went to South Ferry and
took the boat for Staten Island on his
way home at Newdorp. which he has not
eeen for thirty-four months.
When Judfre Newburgher reached his
chambers this morning he was seen by
Louis R. Searles. one of the' eight jurors
•who had held out for the acquittal of the
dentist. The juror urged that the doctor
be released, saying that the four jurors
•who had voted for conviction had author-,
ized him to say that they indorsed this
request.
District Attorney Philbin suggested
that Dr. Kennedy be admitted to $10,000
bail. Mr. Moore said that he thought that
the indictment ought to be quashed, but
Judge Xewburgrher caid that a motion to
that effect would have to be made in an
other court. Mr. Moore then consented to
the fixing of the bail at $10,000. and Judgre
Newtrargher issued an order to that effect.
His Attorney Will Now Move for a
Dismissal of the Indictment
PB. KENNEDY SECUEES
HIS BELEASE OH BAIL
MICHIGAN'S FORMER CHIEF EXECUTIVE WHO. ; WHILE IN OFFICE,
SOUGHT WITH THE MEANS AT HIS COMMAND TO ADVANCE THE
INTERESTS OF THE COMMON PEOPLE.
PROMISE OF AID
Wii FOR REDWOOD CITY
;.. REDWOOD CITY, . JunelS.— The Con
gressional Committee on Rivers andflar
bors : spent an hour to-day at this place
Concerning the improvement of the Sac
ramento River Congressman Woods said
that he considered^it wise to refrain from
making suggestions until he could receive
a memorial which' the Chamber of Com
merce of Sacramento has prepared with
great care to present to the Committee on
Rivers and Harbors. . The - Government
engineers estimate that a specific annual
appropriation of; $25,000 is necessary to
keep the Sacramento River navigable un
der present conditions above Sacramento.
"The Rivers and Harbors Committee
stands ready to appropriate $150,000 In the
next bill. for the debris dams on the Yuba
River, near Marysville. The value of this
work is illustrated by the fact that from
the territory constituting the watershed
of the Yuba River, and its tributaries
there has already been taken $212,000,000.
the greater part"; coming from the
hydraulic mines once worked there.
"Hundreds of .square miles of rich
hydraulic ground lies idle to-day which
will yield uncounted' millions when the
owners are free to work them as in for
mer years. While the dams and accessory
reservoirs are in a way as yet along ex
perimental lines, still the consensus of
opinion of the engineers is that they will
hold back the mining debris and enable
the hydraulic miners to resume opera
tion* . .
"To the miners of this section the Fed
eral Government owes a moral duty, and
if hydraulic mining can be made possible
by the exoenditure of millions . on the
Yuba River they should be expended. I
am familiar with.thft theory upon which
the Government expends money in river
improvement. No violation of that theory
will- be had in work done on the Yuba
River along projected lines, for the neces
sity of „ such work already exists to pro
tect the intake rivers from the inflow of
the vast quantities: of debris which .will
surely destroy them unless held back;. ~ "
"If collaterally hydraulic mining' should
be made possible by* the expenditure of
millions in » the protection of the rivers
the expenditure will be poured back by
increased millions into our treasury from
the great gravel beds that hold these mil
lions In present suspension.- The Rivers
and Harbors Committee will examine no
more important work than this, and it
could well afford to cross a continent to
make that examination alone."
Congressman Woods spoke of the popu
lation of 183.295. the area of 21.3W.40O acres,
the assessed wealth amounting to.$150,
000,000. the $25,000,000 annual worth of. farm
products. -the increase of "nearly 30 per
cent In the population in ten years and of
the manufactures of the valley, stimulat
ed by the development of coal, petroleum
and electric power. With these facts he
favored such a policy in the improvement
of the San Joaquin River as will ultimate
ly provide a ship canal from Stockton to
the sea, with ample harbor accommoda
tions at the head of navigation and offi
cial recognition as a port of entry. In all
improvements of the San Joaquin River,
he says, this ultimate purpose of a deep
water ship channel should be kept clearly
In view. .
TO KEEP NAVIGABLE'
THE SACRAMENTO
/ "The channels of; the San Joaquin
Biver are freighted with a traffic, un
known on any similar channels in the
United States. | But when we look be
yond the reclaimed' lands traversed
by the navigable San Joaquin to the
great basin drained by its waters we
begin to comprehend the extent of
the empire that provided San Joaquin
River a traffic that exceeds that, of
any. other river on the Pacific Coast
and ; ranks - fourth among the navi
gable rivers of the country. When
we consider that Stockton is the gate-'
•way .to a plain ' whose inhabitants
Lave paid the Federal Government
820,000,000 for real estate it is not
surprising - that railroads iave. cen
tered here from all directions and
that sixteen steamers are required to
accommodate 'the traffic at its busy
wharves."
Congressman Woods also said that be
yond-the urgent need of Federal appro
priation for the "diverting canal is the
great question of safe-guarding the in
terests of the San Jcaquin Valley by per
manent improvements of the tortuous San
Joaquin River. The ultimate aim should
be to make the river a direct, unobstruct
ed highway of traffic, traversable by any
craft, accessible at any point. The lands
adjacent to the San . Joaquin River be
tween Stockton and San Francisco are
more productive than any like area in the
inhabitable world. In this connection
Congressman Woods: said: • p
IMPROVEMENT OF
.THE SAN JOAQUIN
for the removal of the silt when Federal
appropriations were ! not available. The
interests involved are so vital that traf
fic on Stockton Channel cannot be sus
pended even for a day without affecting
trade and Industry throughout the State.
This - can be readily understood by the
members of the Rivers and Harbors
Committee when they learn that one
third of the grain product of the State is
shipped from- Stockton's v/harves, and
one-fourth of the wheat produced con
sumed in Stockton's hour mills."
' parture for Manila, prohibit Lieutenant
Colonel Reber from discussing his Inven
tion. Lieutenant Colonel Reber Invented
his system while stationed at Governors
Island and succeeded in communicating
•without wires a distance of eight miles.
This Is not thought to be the maximum
distance of communication. The - instru
ments at Governors Island worked so
. successfully* that they were taken down
and sent to San Francisco, where they
¦were Installed in the Presidio and at An
gel Island. Business is transacted dally
over the wireitss line. By direction of
General Greely six sets of instruments
¦were manufactured in accordance with
Lieutenant Colonel Reber's ideas and
these were forwarded to the Philippines,
where they are now being installed.
The features of Lieutenant Colonel Re
ber's system are not authoritatively
known, but it !s understood that the prin
ciples he has observed are not different
from those established by Marconi. In
the New York harbor experiments a mast
J50 feet high was used to send and receive
ttheric waves r.nd a mast is in use in San
Francisco harbor also. .
The development of the system is of
preat importance to. the army, as it will
take the place of the military cables now
necessary for connecting various harbor,
fortifications.
lieutenant Colonel Reber Is well known
tn army and scientific circles as a leading
electrical expert. He* served with Gen
era! Miles during the Indian campaigns,
keeping that officer in constant communi
cation vrtth his base and using barb wire
and various other makeshifts to maintain
connection.'' In Porto Rico he kept Gen
eral Miles In communication with five ex
peditions which spread out from Ponce
and was highly commended for his energy
and skill.
W.. WASHINGTON. June 18.— Lieutenant
Colonel Samuel Reber, military secretary
of Lieutenant General Miles, Is given
credit by the Army Signal Corps of hav
ing developed a system of wireless teleg
raphy -which is not an encroachment upon
that of Signor Marconi. '
Instructions given by Brigadier General
Greely, chief signal officer, before his de-
Perfects System of "Wire
less Telegraphy for
Government.
It Is Now in Operation Be
tween the Presidio and
Angel Island.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
. CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
COLONEL HEBER
RIVALS MARCONI
SAN JOSE. June 18.— The Del Monte
flyer, which leaves this city at 9:29 o'clock
for San Francisco, narrowly avoided a
bad • wreck this morning near the round
house in the railroad yards. The train
was late and as it started to leave the
yards an engine was backed out of the
roundhouse by an engine hostler named
Stagg, who thought the flyer had passed.
JUst ! as the engine reached the main
line the passenger train came up and
crashed into it. The hostler reversed his
engine, as did Engineer Stewart of the
flyer, and both men Jumped. Both
engines were badly wrecked in front. The
cowcatchers were torn away and the
trucks twisted. Beyond a heavy Jarring
and fright none of the' passengers were
injured.
Engineer Stewart had his right hip
broken in jumping-and received slight in
juries. Flrkman John Dugan jumped
into a pile of cinders and was uninjured.
Had the train been running at a higher
rate of speed the accident would have
been a bad one. The train was delayed
about an hour while men cleared the
track of the disabled engines.
General Superintendent Frazier was on
board. He denounced the accident as
gross carelessness and dismissed the
hostler. • ¦--'¦ '; - •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Del Monte Flyer -Meets
With in San
Jose. Yards.
TRAIN CHRASHES
INTO ENGINE
Makes Direct Attack Upon
the Policy cf the
Prosecution.
BUFFALO, N. Y., June IS.— The final
direct verbal 'plea for another chance be
fore a jury for Roland B. Mollneux. the
alleged • poisoner of Mrs. Katherlne J-
Adams and Henry C. Barnett. and the
first half of the arraignment of the plea
in resistance were heard by the Court of
Appeals to-day. John G. Milburn. rep
resenting Uolineux, spoke nearly two
hours and was succeeded by ex-Senator
D*vid B. Hill, whose argument In oppo
sition lasted until court arose at 2
o'clock. Hill will close by noon to-mor
row. . -
Attorney Milburn began with a direct
attack upon the policy of Recorder Goff
tnroughout the trial. He charged Goff
with favoring Assistant District Attor
ney Osborne, whose methods he also
questioned, and also charged him with
prejudice against Attorney Barlow S.
Weeks. Senator Hill was equally vigor
ous.
After • explaining his connection with
the appeal, he reviewed the case and ar
gued the guilt of the defendant. He
strongly defended the course of Recorder
Goff and Assistant District- Attorney Os
bcrne and the theory and policy of "the
prosecution. , ¦ -
Starting with the theories of the peo
ple as to the killing of Mrs. Adams and
Barnett, he followed them through their
lines of reasoning and contended for
their stability and acceptance. He in
sisted that the people had the right to
show how Barnett died and insisted that
a complete reconciliation of the two cases
was possible. He avowed that the prose
cution was within its rights in showing
the relations of Molineux and his wife
prior to their marriage, and asserted that
it was the people who had suffered when
the Recorder ordered the evidence strick
en out. He said Mrs. Molineux had called
her marriage a romance; he called it a
tragedy.
Senator Hill took up successively the
various mysterious letters written under
the names of Cornish and Barnett and
forcefully adjusted them in their places
in the theory of the prosecution.' dramat
ically proclaimed the alleged guilt of the
prisoner and Insisted that the State had
conclusively proved its charge. He de
fended Harry Cornish against suspicion
or insinuation and asserted the reliability
of the . mass of handwriting testimony
offered by. the State. Reviewing the
trouble at the • Knickerbocker Club, and
connecting with it Cornish's denuncia
tion of Molineux and the Harpster Inci
dent, Hill proclaimed revenge as the mo
tive of the plot to kill Cornish, and then
pictured Jealousy as the motive in the
Barnett case. He pronounced the weight
of evidence against the accused as over
whelming and said that no defense had
been made, because none was possible.
Senator Hill did not touch the disputed
law points and will go into them to
morrow.
Trial.
Plea for a New
Counsel Makes a Strong
FIGHTING HARD
FOR M0LINEUX
Continued from First Page.
Keller was the witness for the State. He
showed the jury his scarred face and
blinded and injured eyes. He insisted in
a mild way under cross-examination that
the shot which entered his head was fired
from behind. He said he had spoken to
no one and, inferentially, there had been
no quarrel.
PRESENT NEED OF THE VALLEYS
The story of Barker, may never be told
on' the witness stand; -.The court held that
Barker could not testify: to his own state
•of mind on , the morning of the shooting.
The object of the defense from the mo
ment' Barker was called was to Introduce
the alleged conversation' between Barker
and his wife, whjch, it is claimed, led up
to the shooting, but at every turn coun
sel met with defeat. -Then they went
straight at the question and sought to
bring in the whole story, but failed. Bar
ker was withdrawn from the stand with
out testifying to anything material.
The story: of. Mrs. Barker, may not be
told now- unless Counsel finds some way
which has not yet suggested Itself to in
troduce, it. The ruling' of the court in
every instance was- pronounced quickly
and the lawyers were generally of the
opinion that the exceptions Attorney Van
Winkle filed were not such as would up
set the result, if there was a conviction.
Dr. Strasser, one of the doctors 'who
attended Keller, told of the wounds and
gave expert testimony that Keller was
shot from behind.
NEW YORK, June 18.— The second day
of the trial, at Jersey City, of Thomas G.
Barker for the ; sh'odting of Rev. John
Keller at Arlington was full of objections
by -counsel anrl clear-cut,- cold and sharp
rulings by the presiding Judge. Both
principals went on the stand during the
day. : ; i . V ;
Prisoner Restrained From
Telling of Talks With
Barker Not* Allowed to
Tell Why He Shot
. Rev. Mr. Keller.
SHARP RULINGS
BY THE COURT
THE SAN FKA^TCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JIJNI] 19, 1901.
Eccentric Michigan Statesman, After a Gallant
Fight Against . Disease, Passes - Away
Peacefully With His Son at His Side
EX-GOVERNOR PI NGREE
SUCCUMBS IN LONDON
2
'mSS^Sti A Piano That Gives
J^^^BI TtieUtinostSatisfaction
JW£*$* X ¦«^J^^^^^^Jii^lX - an<^ wn ' cn has a soul all its own is
f^^fe^^^w^'^^^^^jg^^^ tne "Steck." At the present time
lj i "^^^ft^^a^-^^ 1 " lYir ~i ' jjdjf we are^pffermg in our warerooms at
i &Y« y>"v^$tifc//$\^r^jWi& If 933 Market street hich-crade
i m lm%$wWwl USa pianos, such as the STECK, CONO-
fcl* rV«5«Sry$3 0 ¥$ffl VER ' HARDMAN, LTJDWIG
H T^I^^T^mr KM A^I ) - :p^CKARD > at extremely low
prices and on most liberal terms, in
3 order to 'quickly establish- ourselves
•^/TTpp^^^yr^^' ¦• ¦ ' hV^jl^ ' n San Francisco, where we havd just
& •^sC^^B^^^^^j*^'^ \f^ started in.' business. ' You will- -not
'CsMnAjSr " &^" «•*»•.»«».«»# find in any wareroom a finer 'line.
of pianos than you will see in plain view at our establishment.
Aye, have branch stores all over the country, and San Francisco is
now our. "headquarters. ,, -i\. ¦;• . , -. . .
. PIANOS TO RENT; and about twenty used pianos" for sale, at
half their real value. ¦ t*''' '
THE .WILEY- B. ALLEN CO., 933 Market street. San Francisco:
. ;-.y..,.; Oakland Branch, 951 Broadway. :^:^'iU^.^i
'I had.no appetite and was fast falling
away and getting weak. 1 began taking
Hood's Sarsaparllla. It gave me a good
appetite, : so I can eat almost anythlne
placed before me, and I am gaining
strength and flesh.. I heartily recommend
Hood's Sarsaparilla to the weak and suf-
fering." Noel Whlpkey, Higbee. Pa.
Hood's Sqrsaparilla
Restores ¦appetite— gives permanent
"digestive strength and "vigor.
The stomach and other digestive or-
gans need, attention— they must be
strengthened and toned.
It is a symptom of functional weak-
ness which will manifest itself more
seriously if neglected — in a generally
run-down or debilitated condition of
the system.
Becomes more common as the. weathc
becomes warmer.V^=.
Loss of Jlppetite
Twrrvrnv* i^i-ixi: c-^z-i i:ATAtEn.
Muuyon's Dysp«p«a Cifre will cure any ca»; of
indigestion or stomach trouble.
Ninety per cent, of kidney complaints, incluc in-
the earliest iUjm of Bright* Disease, can be ct.red
vith Munyon's Kidney Cure.
Munyon'sCatarrhCurewillcnrecatarrhofthe hi-ad,
ilir <at and stomach, r.omatterof bow long stand nc.
Nervous ai!eetionsanddWas*'S cf the hrartarcriou-
trolted andcisred by Munyon'sNenre andHrartCure.
Munjron's Cold Cure will br-ak up any form of cold.
Munyoii's Vitalizer restores lost powers:^ w-a;;
men. Price $i.
The tinldr t» Il>all1i (frrr) tells about divav-s
and their cure. Get it at any dru^ store. The Cure*
are all on sale there, mosriy at 25 cents a vial.
Munyon. New Y«t-k aid Philadelphia. >
ADVERTISEJIEUTS.
. My RHEUfl ATISn CURE !s Just ad
certain to cure rheumatism as water
is to quench thlwt No matter what
part of the body tho pain may be In
or whether It Is acute or chronic
nUNYpN'S KHEUriATISn CURE
will drive it out in a few hours, and
fully cure ia a fev/ days.— flUN YON.
I AHn 7J>I» 6r«t Train
y A«u runs but twfes
H * tu»- Leaving at 9 tm,
y inc. v 11 . •
|1 u arrives In
1 rinrns^ia ChIca80at215
II § @I IliHifaiR pm on Thur * fa * s
i UHLII UUHIfl sun&sys.
! iran -
U LI HI 1 1 L V I!, hlgis stsndard
U of service Is
I OH blly mibblMt
Y^^t^ "same shape . •i?*-^£il
P£6sg& TWO QUALITIES /$££$$&
/g|r1|p MEN =nd
WOME N
can obta ' n renewed
* /^\>Sga»j2j*B^K^ ' strength and vigor
? y*V_?$^3^^^?v% V. by the use of "Dr.
./^J*?TxS'?'V^V t Pierce' s (latest 1m-
#/» ri» -f S i\^\ proved) E L E C-
TRIO BELT" 3xv1
appliances. Drugrs
do not cure. Electricity Is the remedy!
Buy no Belt until you sea "Dr. PSerce's,"
.ror It la the BEST and the lowest In price.
ETXall at office or send a 2-cent stamp
for rew "Booklet Ho. 2." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. 1!»M; Post «t.. San Fran-
cisco. New Tork office — 1115 Broadway.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 0
{MUSEUM OF AHfiTOMYi)
\ "~-4 The Largmt Anatomical Museum in the y
9 apars^a. World - Weaknesses or any contracted 1J
L M&en d!»ea-.« po.IH.rlyenrea'My the olrfeM "
¦ /?"* w I bpeculi!>t Ol> lhe Coist tst - 3 fi y« r *- O
6 flfjff ft DR- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM /)
A FAJW|9n Consultation free and rtrirtly private. *.
W i #% H T " a:inent personally or by lertef. A i)
\l » III Pontivt Cur* in eTerjr ease undertaken. \
»r // IIW w rtte for Book. PniLOKOPnY of A
\1 li I" MAHttlACK. MAILED FREH. (\{ f
A tJ (]• valuable book for mm) V
V DB. JURD AN 4 CO.. 10S1 Murlcrt »t . S. F. ('
DR. MEYERS 4 CO,
Specialists. Disease elllr^^^^fl
and weakness of ®§jf0 y
men. Established T&t&J ., • T - '
1SS1. Consultation f^J? tSrS$tyi>
and private book vAji ~Z* \
free, at office or by >^bL
mall. Cures guar- Mw§&£^3i»Sfc
anteed. 731 Mar- K$$1«$i^?
ket street (eleva- JC"^^/->f .
tor entrance), San /$1^ J^^jM^!*
Ca,__ CHJCHKJTER'S ENGLISH
P ENNYRGYAl PILLS
¦ ,~(S*JW. „ . __ Wrt«*n«I n4 Only C'nulne.
£kUe3»v *«¦ CHICHESTEr" KsbmH
sC^"* 1 ®^ ta i Kcr> * ul lJola ">«»;»« &<>*«• »»;ei
«^ S£«£S n Wn#rtl »x»>- T«k« no other. Rcfmj
I / t]T noBfc Boj of jonr Dragglx. or wad 4«>. ia
\ •• . - fp *** **K«11«r t»r L*4it».» In Ifwr, !«.; r*.
— V___ {• ' t»r» M all. IO.O.m. T<".iln>ooi»l«. p,.M .>
MmUra u.1. « "'"W 1 "* I'hleheMtr Chemical Cv,
taUaathh paper M«4too» tti*mr«. Pfl|t,A» |»£
I DR.PIERCE'S
MEDICAL .
FOR THE
I BLOOD.LlVER.UJfiJGS.I
1 A PERMANENT CURE J
5 of the mo«t obstinate eaecs of Gonorrhcra >
g and Gleet, jruaranteed in from 3 to 6 ?
k days ; nc othr r treatment required. ' i %
: 5 ' " Sold by all drnggtats. 5PICTURESQUE FEATURES AT THE
ENCAMPMENT OF NATIONAL
. . GUARDSMEN AT SANTA CRUZ.
SAYS TTR EMBEZZLED
TWO COSTLY PAINTIUGS
Widow of Guatemala Millionaire
Causes Arrest of a Man in
San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, June 18.— The- arrest of
J. E. Thomas, who claims to be a con-
noisseur of paintings, followed this even
ing after an all-day search for two
paintings, claimed to be genuine Van
Dykes, and asserted to be worth $30,000.
One of the paintings is an oil portrait
of Van Dyke, said to have been painted
by himself, and the other a painting of
Michael Angelo. It is claimed that they
were presented by King Victor Emanuel
to Delambert. a millionaire of Guate
mala, whose widow now resides here. It
was she who instituted the search . this
morning, and it was she who finally
swore to the complaint charging Thomas
with embezzling the pictures.
Mrs. Delambert says that Thomas after
becoming well acquainted with the owner
of the pictures borrowed them to make
copies of them. "When the time came to
return them they were not produced.
Thomas says that he sent them, to New-
York and Intends to keep them until he
is paid $1000. which amo"nt he claims
Mrs.: Delambert owes him. Mrs. Delam
bert denies the. debt and declares that
Thomas owes her for board. Thomas la
to be arraigned to-morrow morning.
To steer his bark forever by!"
Such, darling. 1» my honest and sincere feel-
Ing for you. Tou have no notion of how
lonely I have been since I left my Benha. I
will write again to-morrow. Lovingly thine
and forever. JIMXtlE.
In the letters Murphy begged Miss Smal
ley to be true to him and not return to
her first love. He declared he could not
live without her.
Some sensations are promised when
Miss Smalley takes the stand. She Is a
niece of "Lucky" Baldwin and he Is said
to be backing her in the suit. She was
present In court with two women friends
and seemed to enjoy the reading of the
lave letters.
Murphy was the brother of B. D. Mur
phy, Bank Commissioner, and was widely
known throughout the State.
Transfers Qf* Naval .Officers.
CHICAGO," June x 18.— Commander C. E.
Perkins, until recently. In; charge of , the
United States training* ship Alert, at San
,Francisco, to-day , assumed - command : of
the United States naval recruiting station
in Chicago, - relieving Captain v- Gustavo
Blockllnger. ¦ - - The latter r will .take -\ tho
position .. in • San ; Francisco made vacant
by the transfer of Commander Perkins.
OIL TRUST NEGOTIATING- /
FOB PURCHASE OF BANKS
The Institutions at Present • TJnder
Consideration . Are th^Strong
est in Kansas City. ,
-KANSAS CITY, June 18.— The City Na
tional Bank of New York City, controlled
by John B. Rockefeller and. the Standard
Oil interests, is said to be negotiating for
the purchase of the National Bank ofi
Commerce and the First National " Bank
of Kansas City. These two concerns are
the strongest in Kansas City and have
combined deposits of nearly fifty, millions.
It Is stated that the' New York bank . Is
endeavoring to buy - up banks ; In other
Western cities. • -
0
BUTTE, Mont., June 18.— Judge Harney
in 'the District Court to-day rendered. 1 is
decision, in the suit brought by Miles Fln
len against F. Augustus Helnze and the
Johnstown Mining Company to recover
possession of the Minnie mine,
valued at $10,000,000. ¦ The decision -was- in
favor of Helnze and ; the company. • The
decision makes it necessary, for the de
fendants to; pay 'Finlen $54,000 to: recom
pense him for the money expended in the
development of the property prior to its
sale to Hcinze. The decree gives Heinze
undisputed ownership of " five-eighths of
the stock : and the Johnstown ' Company
one-eighth; It is^sald operations, will he
resumed at once on the property, except
ing a small portion in dispute between
Heinze and the Boston and Montana .Com
pany. ... \
Judge Harney Renders a De
cision in a Noted Mon
tana Case.
until 7. The signal detachment was short
and Signal Captain Lawrence was very
anxious that more men should be detailed
to go with him, but Colonel Evans, the
chief signal officer, could give him no
more than the detail assigned, so Captain
Lawrence evolved a plan. He marched
with the column down the road. to where
Lieutenant Martin of the signal detach
ment, detailed to accompany the Third
Brigade on its practice march, had estab
lished a signal station at the mouth of
the first canyon and then leaving the
road he: attacked, the station and cap
tured four men, five horses and the tele
graphic outfit. The fifth horse belonged
to Lieutenant Martin, who was up the
line a little distance at the time of the
attack. When he returned he found^hls
station despoiled and his horses and men
gone. He walked Back. to camp. •
Will the Prisoners Work.
Captain Lawrence repeated the per
formance more than once further along
and he now has a good serviceable'de
tachment under him. The question is,
however, can he make - the prisoners
work. Colonel Evans warned his offi
cers against leaving stations unprotect
ed, and the capture was due to their own
neglect.
. The First Brigade did not bring any
artillery, for-the guns of the naval',mili
tia had not arrived, but later In the day
they did come and Batteries A and D,
HEINZE GETS A MINE
WORTH TEN MILLIONS
MADRID, June 18.— The Diarlo de la
Marina, a service organ, in an alarmist
article sees in the Gibraltar agitation a
menace by. Great Britain against the in
tegrity of Spain. The newspaper urges
the reconstruction ' of the Spanish army
and navy as the only means to ward off
the threatened blow; The . article I con
cludes with "these words: -r : . :.
"Let us abandon- the peace budget.ifor
we must live in readiness for war." .
Declares Great Britain Is
Menacing the Kingdom's
Integrity.
half past 1 o'clock they came upon a sig
nal outpost, where they were halted,, and
then upon the rear guard of the main
column. Here they were again halted, but
they managed to pass the sentry and en
tered the camp, where the men lay sleep
ing on the hillside. They, were halted by
one sentry, a cavalryman from Troop B of
Sacramento, who let them pass, but when
Colonel Hosmer announced, himself as the
division inspector and asked to see the
sentry's arms, the man refused point
blank and ordered the party on.
The brigrade was safely camped and
contemplated no night attack and tho
mystery of its silence was explained only
when the command returned to camp.
Two cavalrymen had seen the wire laid
by the signal corps along the ground and
not understanding what it meant they
proceeded to cut it. They were captured
and are now awaiting dire penalties in
the guardhouse.. They had heard of the
suspected attack on the camp and be
lieving that the Third Brigade had become
"the enemy" they proceeded to damage
"the enemy" as much as possible. It was
not until General Muller returned to the
camp that he learned he had been visited
during the nipht by the division officers.
They returned to the camp at 4 o'clock
this, morning. J_ .
The First Brigade was to have started
at 4 o'clock, but as the morning: promised
to be a cool - one the departure was not
hurried and the command did not start
SPANISH PAPER HINTS .
AT WAR WITH ENGLAND
The %hree officers searched the hills over
in the blackest of darkness and about
coming in, telling of the advance of the
brigade, but suddenly they ceased and the
brigade was heard from no more. There
was a great deal of speculation over the
long silence and word went around that
General Muller was*returning to make a
night attack on the camp. Signals for
the pruard were agreed upon, blank am
munition was issued to the brigades In
camp and every outpost was thrown out
up and down the roads so far that it took
the officer of the day three hours to make
his rounds. But nothing was heard. from
the brigade and at 11 o'clock • General
Dickinson decided he would find out what
Muller's command v;as doing and just
where it was. He .detailed Lieutenant
Colonel • Hosmer, Inspector general, and
Major Hewes, aid. to find the brigade,
and they took with them Lieutenant Har
loe of the naval militia, who is attached
to the division staff during the encamp
ment.
LONDON, June 18.-A . disnatch to the
Daily Mail from Paris declares that under
the . terms * of a ..secret . convention - with
China France will be able' to protect the
proposed new railway from Tonquin into
Hunan with -French troops, exactly as
Russia - does In V Manchuria, "and that
France Intends to: exercise this right, al
though,the Intention so to do may now be
denied. This policy is an outcome. of the
recent visit -to > St. Petersburg of M. Del
casse, theFrench Minister of Foreign Af
fairs." t -."" '- :- "¦ ,• ¦¦:.',.•' ,. v
>¦ The/railway will he extended ' past. Hu
nanfu to the upper waters of the Yanjrtse
kianz. * ' ! • . V- . \ ¦
The Shanghai ~) correspondent of- the
Standards cabling under date of June 18
says , that a . Chinese :¦• military • graduate
named Tien Lo Slang, has collected • a
large force of Boxers and disbanded sol-'
diers and has, induced the Inhabitants of
the - numerous .walled ; villages ! and towns
In : the i southwestern part of Chtli< prov
ince, to unite in opposing the collection of
taxes ¦: for : the ¦ war Indemnity. It - is : ru
mored that : Tien Lo \ Slang and his : f ol -
lowers E have I already defeated - the Impe
rial c troops In several, encounters. ¦ This
movement threatens to spread Into Shan
tung province. '-. : ' '^yftfaBRBJ
May Protect Proposed Rail
way From Tonquin
With Troops.
went with the guns. The ¦ brigade has
fone to • the Big Trees. To-morrow the
econd Brigade will take to the hills for
a practice march.
' The - guns of the • naval militia - arrived
this morning, and at once the sailors
went at them and polished them up un
til they, shone like mirrors. Two were
made ready to accompany the ' artillery
detachment to the practice camp of the
First Brigade, and the other two were
brought up "to division, headquarters,
where _they were planted" at- the colox
line. Gunner Richard Schnalle and the
detail of naval > militiamen will ' fire the
morning and evening gun from the color
line each day.'
¦ t This morning the Second Brigade held
a brigade drill on the parade ground; and
this evening 1 there was a dress parade by
the Second • and Third b'rigades. They
had just come in from the drill when
the Third Brigade appeared, and the
call to arms was .sounded. The regi
ments formed at once and stood ready,
but were dismissed in- time to break
ranks and line the road as the Third
Brigade marched through" camp. , ¦ - ¦ ,
There has been a strike of the bus men
and nearly all the transportation of the
soldiers is done by farm wagons, pri
vate vehicles, express wagons and j con
veyances hired for parties. The cause
of the strike was a cut in rates made by
tttfe owners of unattached vehicles against
the liverymen. The cut was from 25 cents
to 15 and 10, but this was tolerated until
soldiers stood around to "guy" the higher
priced buses. Then the, liverymen called
a halt. -They took the. buses off the road
and have retired from the field. .
.The officer. of the day to-day was Lieu
tenant Colonel Connolly of the First Reg
iment./ To-morrow Lieutenant Colonel
Forbes of the Second Infantry will be offi
cer of I the day, and First Lieutenant T.
H. Mlxler,' Company E, Sixth Infantry,
and Second Lieutenant B. B. McGlnnis,
Company I, Sixth Infantry, will be officers
of the guard. ¦ . ,
Arrangements for various festivities for
officers and : men are being made • by | the
townspeople. To-morrow the officers will
be received by F. A. s Hihn at the Hotel
Capitola. To-day they are being enter
tained at the Country Club, the hostesses
being Mrs. F. W. Bliss and Mrs. A. D.
Pena. To-morrow night an affair will be
arranged by the band of the First Regi
ment. The regiment itself will be away
on a practice march, but the band will be
home. Thursday night the band of the
Seventh Regiment will plve- a concert In
front' of the St. George Hotel.
FRANCE MAKES SECRET
COMPACT WITH CHINA
EXPERTS IN ELECTRICITY-
Interesting Papers Bead by Delegates
- in San Jose and Association
Officers Elected.
SAX JOSE. June 18.—About forty promi
nent ' electricians from various ¦ parts of
the State are in attendance at the fifth
annual convention ¦-of -the Pacific Coast
Electric Transmission Association,;which
began Its two days' session at the Hotel
Vendome to-day. Prince A. Poniatowski,
the president, presided. One of the num
ber is Mrs. J. E. Tutt of Los Angeles.
The following papers were read: "Possi
bilities and Limitations of Electricity as
Transmitted Power in Driving Pumps for
Irrigation," Lewis A. Hicks of San Fran
cisco; "Phenomena Attending Use of Tele
phone Circuits When Operated Over Wires
Placed on High Tension* Poles," T.E. The
berath of San Francisco; "Some Details
of the Bay Counties High Tension Pole
line Construction," C: E. DUtcher; "Con
struction of Pole Line of Standard Com
pany,". C. O. Poole; "Climatology of San
ta Clara Valley." A. G. McAdie.
The association elected the following
officer*-: President, Dr.'C. W. Van Nor
<Jen; vice president, E. J. de Sabla; treas
urer. William Angus; secretary. George
P. Lowe: executive committee—Dr. Van
Nordcn. John Martin and H. H. St Clair.
To-morrow a trip will be made to Alum
Rock Park, where the delegates will be
dined by. the Electric Improvement Com
- pany. and will have a ride about the city
on cars propelled by power from Blue
Lskes, a distance of 1S4 miles. "
Mast Serve the Five Years.
; SAX RAFAEL. June 18.—Judge Angel
lotti to-day rendered-his decision in the
ease of .George Williams In habeas corpus
proceedings. Howmaintained that the judg
ment of'the court is sustained as to the
five years' imprisonment, but is erroneous
as to the nine years' sentence. The pris
oner was remanded to the cutsody of the
Warden of the California State prison at
San Quentln, to serve his five-year sen
tence.
>oAMP GAGE, SANTA CRUZ, June
(( 7, 18.— The call to arms from a
(i . score of bugles and the mad
>^^ rush of excited militia men for
their belts and rifles marked the
return this morning of the Third Brigade.
They were tired and dirty and they walk
ed as if there was work in the carrying
of forty-pound equipment, but they were
Jubilant and only the presence of the re
viewing general kept them from cheer
ing.
The First Brigade left camp this morn
ing at 7 o'clock and the two commands
passed close to each other, but did not
meet. However, it cost the Third Brigade
some of its . outposts of signal men. and
they are now helping out with" the dots
and dashes for the First Brigade. The
Third Brigade has also a story of a mid
night visit and a party that passed the
sentry "line and reached the heart of the
camp.
The Third Brigade camped by battalion
in a canyon on both sides of a stream. It
left the camp by the main road and soon
after struck off into the hills, leaving a
6ignal telegraph station at the mouth of
the canyon and trailing the wires for the
station along after it. The home station
had been established on a water tank in
the camp and messages sent to the tele
graph station at the end of the canyon
from the advancing column were sent to
the home station by heliograph, flags or
the night lamp.
Up to half past 7 o'clock messages were
National Guardsmen at the Santa Gruz Camp Experience a Bit of the ¦Terror of
Surprise in War Time When the Third Brigade Marches Back After fe
Expedition in the Woods— Scenes and "Incidents at Gamp Gage
Special Dispatch t» The C&1L
SACRAMENTO, June 18.— The report
of the legislative committee on the re
ception to President McKinley has been
filed with State Controller Colgan. It
¦will b« recalled that the last Legislature
appropriated $2000 for the purpose of giv
ing the President a formal welcome on
behalf of the State and a numerous
committee was appointed from the mem;
berehip of both houses to do the honors,
¦with Lieutenant Governor J. H- MTeff as
chairman.
It appears that this legislative commit
tee has held several meetings, and it like
wise appears from an examination of the
linanciaJ statement Just filed with the
State Controller that If it had been nec
etpary to hold one or two more meetings
there would not have been enough of
lilt) $2000 left to have purchased the
Presidential party a good-sized Jug of
circus lemonade. The statement shows
that for stationery, stamps, printing, en-
Kraving invitations and the expenses of
the secretary there was expended $142 {*>;
for work done toward lighting the CapJ
tol, printing, decorating, etc., 5166 50 J for
expenses incurred by Lieutenant Govern
or Neff, $25; for expenses incured by Sen
ator T. H. Selvage of Eureka, $160; for
expepees incurred by Senator S. C. Smith
of Baicerstield, $100; for expenses In
curred by Speaker of the Assembly C.
W. Pendleton of Los Angeles, $250; for
expenses incurred by Assemblyman E.
L. Webber of JN'apa, $50; for expenses in
curred by Assemblyman J. McD. Kelley
of Oakland, $50; for the hire of S. Luke
Howe of Sacramento as clerk, $50, ~ and
of L A. Hilborn of San Francisco as
clerk, £150, making a grand total of ex
penses of 51209.
It appears that $25 each was also award
ed to Senator R. T. Devlin and Assembly
man Grove L. Johnson, both of Sacra
mento, but they declined to accept it, say
ing they had no expenses for which they
desired reimbursement. ¦
The statement filed with the Controller
Is beautifully brief and affords no indica
tion of how the committee managed to ex
pend on Itself more than half the money
it was expected to apply to the formal
welcoming of the President. Just what
the committee proposed to do with Presi
dent McKinley when it got him here has
never been disclosed. It was ¦ suggested
that he occupy the May queen's throne
and there, with the committee ranged
about him in impressive array, listen to an
address by Governor Gage, but this pros
pect was not deemed altogether attractive
and was abandoned.
One member of the committee suggested
that the President be escorted to the As
sembly chamber and that all be barred
out of the reception except. those holding
credentials granted by the committee. The
committeeman ¦was all but mobbed by in
dignant Sacramentans for his implied ex
clusiveness. What kind of a welcome the
oommittee would have been able to give
the President with this money left is a
matter of conjecture, but the general im
pression hereabouts appears to be that the
President showed rare tact in ) passing
through. Had he actually stopped over
there is no telling- how much, more than
the remaining $S00 would have been
charged against the State to provide for
his entertainment and that of his legis
lative entertainers.
Meetings of Lawmakers Bore
a Big Hole" in. the
Finances.
Legislators'. Report on
Presidential Reception
Fund. "
A BIT COSTLY,
THIS COMMITTEE
"TO ARMS!" THE SONOROUS BUGLES
SOUND IN THE LAVE AGA CANYONS
SUES ESTATE
FOR SERVICE
AS A NURSE
Claims of Miss Smalley
Heard in San Jose
Woman Wants Thousands of
the Late James Murphy's
Coin.
at the Trial.
Love Letters Containing Many En
dearing Expressions Are Bead
When Murphy met Miss Smalley his rel
atives became estrangec, and when he was
dying in the Lamolle House Miss Smalley
was his sole companion. As soon as Mur
phy was dead his wife and daughter and
other relatives took charge of things and
Miss Smalley was ordered away. At that
time Miss Smalley' was accused of taking
all of Murphy's personal belongings.
Murphy left an estate of nearly half a
million dollars. When the will was opened
it was found this estate "was distributed
among his daughter and a score of neph
ews and nieces, and Miss Smalley had
been cut off without a cent. She at once
announced her intention of suing the es
tate. An action was begun for $24,000 for
services rendered the capitalist from'Feb
ruary, 1895, to November 16. 189S, the time
of Murphy's death. This was alleged to
be for caring for Murphy, who during this
time required great attention. For the
past two years the matter has dragged
through the court on motions and cross
complaints. The Union Trust Company is
made defendant because it is the executor
of Murphy's estate. Henry I. Kowalsky
of San Francisco and E. M. Rosenthal
represent Miss Smallev and D. M. Delmas
and S. F. Leib the Union Trust Company
and the heirs of the estate.
The forenoon to-day, was devoted to se
curing . a jury. A deposition of F. M.
Smalley, a brother of the plaintiff, was
read. It related how his? sister had waited
on Murphy for the three years In question
and taken care of, him. He understood
they were to be married. A number of
i letters from Murphy to Miss Smalley were
introduced. The following Is a sample:
• SANTA MARGARITA, May 27. 1804.
My Sweetest Bertha: : It you, can . Imagine the
joy which thrilled the -bosom; of Columbua
when the cry of land, land! awoke him from
the sluir.ber of despair to behold the new world
smiling in loveliness before him you will have
a- slight idea of the. emotions which I experi
enced to-day upon the receipt of your «weet.
sweet letter. • . -
"Thou loveliest, dearest of them all,
. The one whose smile shone out alone
Amidst a world the only one;
" "Whcte light among so many lights
•Was like that star on starry nights
The sailor singles from the sky
SAN JOSE, June 18.— The love "affairs of
the late capitalist, James T. Murphy, are
being aired in the trial of the suit of Miss
Bertha Smalley "for ,'$24,000 for services
against the deceased's estate, which began
in. Judge Hyland's court to-day. For, a
number of years Miss Smalley was Mur
phy's companion and made her home with
him at the Lamolle House In this city.
The young woman always claimed that
Murphy intended to marry her and had
also promised to settle a large part of his
estate on her. Murphy was divorced from
his first wife, Mrs. Wilhelmina Murphy,
and had made a property settlement with
her. By that marriage he had a daughter,
now Mrs. Daniel Chapman.
:¦¦ ". ¦ . 2,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
1 - - .- ---...,...._. . . ... . • ... , -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; JUNE 19, 1901.
3
under command. of Captain Cunningham
took- two of the -pieces and- followed th<
brigade. Boatswain's Mates Pierce an<
Smith of the naval militia battery guarc
The Cause of Many
Sudden Deaths.
Thero is a disease prevailing in this
country most dangerous because so decsp-
J~~~J I J I j I f'if Vf\ tive. Many sudden
*Cd 1I<M k^ UUr^ deaths are caused by
B^Serffiff^EEp «— heart disease.
M \fr)t7^ pneumonia, heart
HiKJj Tjf\ ai l ure or apoplexy
I K~~r, ~V tA are often the result
5^^ V VSsi of kidney disease. If
"A feTr j] ' it HI I k* dne y treble Is *1-
'^"^ I/M \\ & I L * owe< * to a dvance th«
«r U| vj U |§;ll kidney-poisoned
\^v r> blood will attack tha
nSWbkt«»SwW^ vital organs or tha
kidneys themselves break down and wasta
away cell by cell. ' # r-*
Bladder troubles most always result from
a derangement of the kidneys and a cure is
obtained quickest by a proper treatment of
, the kidneys. If you are feeling badly you
can make no mistake by taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, tha great kidney, liver and
bladder remedy.
It corrects inability to hold urine and scald-
Ing pain in passing it, and overcomes that
unpleasant necessity of being compelled to
go often during the day, and to get up many
times during the night. The mild and th«
extraordinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its won-
derful cures of the most distressing cases.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and sold
by all druggists in fifty-cent and one-dollar
sized bottles. You may f^JT^m
have a sample bottle of gstnjj^ESS^ilnsSlS
this wonderful now dis- t|f||«iBH
covery and a book that
tells all about it. both EomeofSwamp-Root
sent free by mail. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co.
BInghamton, N. Y. When writing mention
reading this generous offer in this paper.
At Sloane's
' A very large variety of patterns in HIGHEST GRADE
/Yxminsiers
Wilton Velvets
Heretofore sslling at $1.50 to $1.75, are offered this week at
' \ Sewed, laid
At the same time we are continuing for a few more days our special offer-
ings in CXTETAIUS and UPHOLSTERY GOODS at a reduction of from 25
to 50 per cent, including' French Battenberg and Irish Point Lace, Ta-
pestry, Silk Tapestry and Silk Damask Portieres and Furniture Cover-
ings, Bemnants in Upholstery and Drapery Goods, Etc.
W. & J. SLOANE & CO., 114-122 Post St.
DB. * KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
Wj Our regular ten-dollar made-to-measure *jg
jpf suits are strong values — they are worth more Mm
In in the full meaning of the word, tailoring. ffM.
H The customers have found the suits service- ;|f|
1} able and thoroughly satisfactory. r
I , Here is still more value for the . same |
. jR We have taken some $12.50 and $15.00 I
i*|^ suitings and put them in with our regular |
Sip. $10.00 line. The salesman will show you the 1
¦ii' goods. which have been reduced-^ — you can J
W readily perceive the values yourself. Until j'l.V
I these goods are all gone vou can get a better JOk
fj • ten-dollar made-to-measure suit than ever. ¦%£*!
W We will be pleased to give you samples '^U
s • Our guarantee make's your buying safe: I
I Money returned if you want it; or I:
I Suit kept in repair free for a year. A
1 urn Suits satisfactorily made for out-of-town cus- ' I:
]p^ iomers through our self-measuring system write I
I 7*18 Market Street and /
I Cop. Powell and Eddy. / MSSkTO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except "when there are but three
tides.- as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except -when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted. from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
TO SAIL,.
NEW YORK, June 18. — The Rancho del
Paso sale was continued to-day in the
Fasig-Tipton Company's paddock at
Sheepshead Bay, previous to the day's
racing The prices again averaged well.
Those bringing $1000 or over are as follows:
Ch. c, by imp. Bassetlaw'-Recollection, A. S.
Aste J350O ¦
Br. c by imp. Duncombe-Rlght, W. J.
Arkell $1000.
Ch. f. by imp. "Watercress-Rosette, J. J. Mc-
Cafferty, $1600.
(B. I., by imp. Darebin-Sallle Lucas, G. I>.
Wilson, $1300.
B. f., by imp. St. . Gatlen-Salutaria, J.
Rublno, $1000.
Ch. I., by imp. Golden Dawn-Selverine. R. A.
Smith, $1000.
Ch. t., by Goldflnch-Ora Tawin. "W. J. Arkell,
Be by Maxlo-Pas Seul, J. Rublno, $1050.
Br. f.. by Imp. Watercress-Penza, W. F.
Whitney. $15001 .
B. t . by imp. - St. Gatien-Phlllsta, R. "Wal
dron, $1300.
B. f., by imp. Golden Garter-Pink Cottage,
R. R. Rice, $1800.
B. c, by imp. Star Ruby-Precosa, S. Paget.
$3700.
i B. f., by imo Goldfinch- Imp. Queen Bess, A.,
H. Morris. $4000. /
Br. c, by imp. Ben All-Santuza, R; A;
Smith. $1200. . . t
¦ B. f., by Imp. Goldfinch-School Girl, R. R.
Rice, 1 $1000. . - ¦ .
Happy is the wife who Imagines her
husband is the best man on earth.
to Average Well.
Prices Brought by the Colts Continue
RANCH.O DEL PASO SALE.
MANY FAST TROTTERS
SAVE BEEN ENTEREB
High-Class, Horses to Compete in
Golden Gate Park Driving Asso-
ciation's Races.
PreparatiT? for the race meet to bo
given at thu Oakland track on July 4 by
the Golden Gate Park Driving Associa
tion are rapidly being perfected. At a
meeting of the association held las: night
in its headquarters at the Palace, a large
number of entries were received fcy Sec
retary Harry F. Patrick.
President E. H. Algeltinger presided
over the meeting and a number of impor
tant matters pertaining to the coming
meeting were discussed and decisive ac
tion taken. It was decided that sl purse
of 1150 be given for each race, and that
the amount be dfvided into three moneys,
$60, $30 and $10. The secretary was in
structed to send out notices to those who
were likely to desire the betting privilege
on the day of the races. All bids and en
tries must be in on Tuesday evening next.
The following officials will be in charge:
Judges— F. "W. Thompson, F. G. O'Kane and
J. C. Ohlandt: starter. T. J. Crowley; assist
ant starter, Jack Dlnue; marshal. Dr. L B.
Dalziel; racing secretary, H. F. Patrick; timers
—Fred Vetter. James Chesley and L. E. Claw
son.
I>an P. Carter, Dan Lelgener and Her
bert Levy -were elected members of the
association. The following entries were
received, but will not be classified until
a future meeting:
Dr. I. B. Dalaiel's Bella, I". Gometz* Lafay
ette, Charles Newman's team Maud Newman
and Neerbell. Dr. Leaner" • Lieutenant Hob
son. Neil Prendergast's Boliver. James
O'Kane's Sandow. Al Schwartz's team Oriela
J and Jeff. Al Schwartz's Oriela. J, I*. Rich
ardson's Pedro, Harry F. Patrick's Denny
Healy, M. M. Donnelly's Pious, Joseph Cui
cello's Porto Rico, J. Curley's Prizrco C. Dr.
A. A. Mclaughlin's A B P, Bondy Coner's
Bondy C. Dr. A. A. McLaughlln's Alameda
May. A. Jacobs' Eden Vale. H. H. Donlap'a
team I Direct and Kin? Cadenza. J. W. Bon
ney's Joe Bonney, "William Van Keurea's Mat
tie B and N. L. Bell's team Leone B and
Nellie 1<.
' The officers of the association are:
President, E. H. Algeltlneer; first vlc»
president. Dr. L B. Dalziel; second Tic» presi
dent, George L. Swett; treasurer, E. Stewart;
secretary, Harry F. Fatriclc
iffcFAXLAOTD BREAKS A RECORD.
Bides a Mile in Phenomenal Time on
Coliseum. Track.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., June 18.~At the
Coliseum track to-night Floyd Mc.?arland
of San Jose, Cal., broke the world's bicycle
record for one mile in competition,, handi
cap, covering the distance In 1:53 3-5. Ow
ing to the handicaps of the others, how
ever, McFarland failed to get inside tha
money.
Will Build Yacht for the Emperor.
"WASHINGTON, June 18.— The Emperor
of Germany has ordered a schooner-yacht
to be designed and built in the United
States. It is to be constructed on similar
lines with the American yacht Tampa,
which Emperor "William now owns. Tha
yacht will be designed by A- Carey Smith
and Henry G. Barbey, naval architects o*
New York.
Tine Horses to Be Sold.
Dan McCarty has transferred 100 head
o* horses, consisting of runners, trottera
and carriage horses, to CaptaJ.i John
Ilackett of Oakland to satisfy a mort
gage. Captain Ilackett Intends to dispose
of the horses at public auction, the. dat4
of sale to be announced later.
Brave Act Is Henraxtied.
F. W. Wolters, a member of the Golden
Gate Yacht Club, was presented with a,
sold medal at a meeting of the organlza*
on Monday nlg-ht for saving the life of an
unknown man who fell Into thd bay durlns
the launching of the battleship OtJo. Mr.
¦Wolters was on board the yacht OUle at
the time of the accident and without a
moment's hesitation he dived into the bay
and rescued the drowning- man.
Nobby Clarke's Suit DismtasecL
The suit brought by Alfred (Nobby)
Clarke against the Board of Police Com
missioners recently -was dismissed yester
day by United States District Judge ds
Haven on demurrer as not containing a
statement of facts sufficient to constitute
a cause of action. Nobby sued tc compel
the Commissioners to reinstate him on
the police force and to pay him. $1000 dam-*
ages. • - * )
Mile and a. sixteenth, selling — Ida Ledford
won Rushflelds second. Cogswell third. Time,
1:47%. • ¦
Mile, Belling— Menace won, Ladas second,
Zonne third. Time, 1:41*4.
Slx' v furlongs, selling — Grantor won, Toba
Paine second, W. J.' Baker third. Time, 1:15%.'
NEW YORK, June 18.— Sheepshead Bay sum
mary:
Five • and a half ' furlongs— De Reske won,
Highlander second. Essence* third. Time.
1:06 2-5. ¦ - ¦- .-
Six furlongs— Momingside won, Glennellie
second. Templeton third. Tlme^ 1:13.
Foam stakes, five I furlongs— Francesco won,
Dixie Lino second. Dean Swift third. Time,
1:00 1-5
The Coney Island handicap, six furlongs —
Voter won. Brigadier second, Dublin third.
Time, 1:12 2-5.
One mile, selling— Wax Taper won. Scurry
second. Kilogram third. Time, 1:39 2-5.
One and a sixteenth miles, on turf— Prince
Richard won. Decanter second. Belle of Troy
third. Time, 1:46 1-5.
DETROIT, Mich., June 18.— Highland Park
summary:
Six furlongs — Flying Bess won. Pharaoh sec
ond. McGeorge third. Tim«, 1:13%. j
Four and' a half furlongs— Velo won, "Wood
chuck second, Fanny Blazes third. Time, :57.
One and a sixteenth miles— Orantas won,
Moor second, J. H. Sloan third. Time, 1:48%.
Seven and a half furlongs, selling-— Algie M
won, Passaio second, Masterful third. Time,
1 *35^4
Six and a half furlongs— Ida Penzance won,
I Know second, " Llllie Hammerton third.
Time, 1:22. !
Four furlongs, selling— Easter Boy won,
Lynden Tree second, Halmetta third. Time,
:49%. i
DENVER, June 18.— The results at Over
land Park:
Pacing— Winfield Scott Stratton won In
three straight heats. Best- time, 3:15%. Harry
Logan Riley C, Lulu, Plenty. Urba, Floretta
Bell, Orval, Burma, Prince, Blast and Helen
Mar also ran.
Trotting— Goodness Gracious won second and
third heats and race. Best time. 2:23%. Frank
Dale took first heat, but was drawn. Time,
2-30%.
Six furlongs— Cousin Lettr won, July Gyp
second, Jersey Maid third. Time. 1:16%.
Five furlongs— Mancos Girl won. Sister
Alice second. Fact third. Time, 1:0514.
Five furlongs— Hazel Hulet won, Thracia
second, Prince Russell third. Time, 1:02%.
Six furlongs— R. Q. Ban won, Larequoiso
second, Peg Parks third. Time, 1:15%,.
Seven furlongs, selling— La Desirous won.
Sue Johnson second, Fred Hesslg third. Time,
1:28.
Seven and a half furlongs, selling— Fairy Dell
won. Dr. S. C. Ayers second, Havelock third.
Time, 1:35%.
ST. LOUIS, Juna 18.— Fair Grounds sum
mary:
Four and a half furlongs— Dr. Burns won,
Gallagher second, Quaker third. Time, :56%.
Six furlongs — Dave- Summers won, Kaffir
second, WIssendine third. Time, 1:15%.
Four and a half furlongs, selling — Corrlnne
C. won, Scottie second, Martha D. third. Time,
:56.
Six and a half furlongs— Lilly Pantland won,
Toluca second, Maggls Felix third. Time, 1:20.
Six furlongs, selling— B. O. Fox won. Slasher
second. Junior third. Time. 1:15%.
Five furlongs— King Daly won. Foundling sec
end, Montana Pioneer third. Time, 1:01%.
Six furlongs, selling— Dr. Fannie won, Al
laire second, River Princess third. Time,. 1:15%.
Graduate stakes,. live furlongs— Abe Frank
won, Ed Austin second, Aaron third. Time,
1:00 2-5.
One and an eighth miles — Myth won. Host
second, Golden Scentre third. Time, 1:54.
.One and an eighth miles, selling— Leo New
ell won, Nettle Regent second. Chorus Boy
third. Time, 1:55.
CINCINNATI, June 18.— Newport summary:
It was meant, and although there was
considerable handbook betting about the
ring, it was not with the sanction of the
management, and track policemen scur
ried about and stopped this bettins if
they saw it. The result naturally was a
tame afternoon's sport and a disgusted
crowd. It is. not believed the crusade will
stop the American Derby, but it may In
terfere with racing at "Washington Park
after Saturday. Results:
Six furlongs— Nye won, Orar second, San An
dreas third. Time, 1:15%.
Five f urlcngs — Ogle ' won, Mabel second. Er
nest Parham third. Time, 1:01 2-5.
Six furlongs— Gonfalon won, Bessie Macklin
second, Moneymuss third. Time, 1:13 <-5. .
The trouble between the poolroom men
had the effect of closing the betting at
Harlem to-day and when the spectators
reached the track they saw the following
notice posted everywhere:- •
"No selling of pools, betting or gamb
ling on these premises.* . .
CHICAGO, Juno 18.— The Harlem
Jockey .Club .to-night decided to close its
track for the rest of the week on account
of the crusade against betting. There
will be no racing to-morrow.
Turfites See One Day's Racing
Without Backing Their
Opinions.
Managers Decide Not
to Antagonize the
Courts.
CRUSADE CLOSES
HARLEM COURSE
LOS ANGELES, June IS.— Two thousand
people saw Joe Bernstein and Solly Smith
fight a twenty-round draw at Hazard's
Pavilion to-night. The fight was unex
pectedly slow and neither man bail any
decided advantage except in the tenth
round, when Bernstein landed two left,
swings on Smith's jaw and had him
sligrhtly grdggy at the end of the round.
Smith recovered quickly and continued on
the aggressive until the end of the fight.
In the eighth round Solly forced Bern
stein through the ropes and both men
narrowly escaped falling' from the plat
form. -"
In the fifteenth round Bernstein jitruck
Smith while the latter was kneeling, but
the referee refused to allow a foul. Bern
stein was on the defensive most of the
time and did not exhibit any of the fast
work which he generally shows. Smith
led steadily, but his terrific right arid left
swings went wild always. Harry Stuart
was the referee.
In a seven-round preliminary between
"Kid" Solomon of Los Angeles and "Kid'*
Dalton of San Francisco the former got
the decision. Aurelio Herrera refereed
this bout.
A Jim" Jeffries was present at the fight
and was compelled to come into ths rins
and say a few words before the audience
would subside so that the contest could
go on.
Put Up a Slow Combat and
Neither Has Decided
Advantage.
Solly Smith and Joe
Bernstein Fight to
a Draw.
TWENTY ROUNDS
AND NO VICTOR
FROM SEATTLE.
X&tit . . r^. •.,. r.J; C, BURNETT,
Lieutenant, TJ. S. N., retired, in. charge.
/•The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was 'dropped at exactly: noon to-day—
1. ;.e.v at* -noon of the 120th ; meridian : or at 8
o'clock p. .m.', Greenwich time. '•• - ¦> i . ¦
Branch Hydrographlc " Office. U. S. N Mer
\ chants' • Exchange, , San . Francisco.' Cal
:.} June 18, 1901. •:,,.. - ,
Time Ball;
AMATEUKS WILL TAKE
PAET IN EIGHT BOUTS
Bay City Athletic Club to Hold Its
Monthly Exhibition To-Mor
row Night. ',>; 4
The Bay City Athletic Club will give
Its monthly boxing exhibition to-morrow
evening In the Mechanics' Pavilion An
nex. The programme will consist of eight
bonts jind the contestants are the best
In the amateur ranks. The main event
will be a. four-round bout between
Frankle Xeal, the clever bantam-weight
boxer, and Jockey Bozeman, the lad who
gave Abe Attel a hard battle some months
ago. They will weigh in at 105 pounds.
James McDevitt will referee all bouts and
Tom McFaddea and Jim Griffin will act
as Judges. Leo Meyers will be time
keeper. Following are the bouts to be
presented: Frank McConnell vs. Bob
Harlan, 120 pounds; Kid Parker vs. Billy
McMahon. 115 pounds; Pete Coleman vs.
George Merritt, 135 pounds; Dan Barry
vs. Ted Wolfe, 1S5 pounds; Jimmie Little
vs. Joe Neallng, 127 pounds; Eddie Han-
Ion vs. Jockey Bennett. 105 pounds; Jim
McDonald vs. Jack McGInnis, 130 pounds.
,- The ; Secretary of . the Treasury has in
formed Customs ..Collector Strattqn that
the Pacific *Mail Steamship • Company, has
been bonded as acomraon carrier, for the
transportation - of unappralsed I merchan
dise in bond- between San i Francisco . and
Honolulu. ¦ . . • -v
Pacific Mail Bonded.
Oil Men Go to Court.
The euit brought by S. S. Simon against
the Monarch Oil Company of Arizona and
James R. T. Mershon to recover 26,000
shares of the capital stock of the defend
ant corporation was partly heard by
Judge Hebbard yesterday. Simon avers
that for his services in organizing the de
fendant corporation he was given 52,000
shares thereof, and promised the- plaintiff
one-half of the number of shares he re
ceived for information and instruction on
the art of organizing corporations. Simon
avers that he performed the services
named, but that Mershon refuses to de
liver to him the stock In question. Mer
,shon, whose word is supported by the di
rectors of the Morfarch Oil Company; de
nies having received any information or
other services from Simon or promised or
otherwise contracted to deliver any-stock
to the plaintiff,
Casidy 78 30 2 .5
Coles 42 18 1 2
Willis 12 10 -..
Bollom 30 12 1 2
v Hatch Played on Sunday in the Capi
tal City Ends in, Victory for the
Visitors.
V ¦ The Pacific cricket team journeyed to
-'Sacramento Sunday to play the club of
*that city and defeated it by SS runs. The
Sacramento team was one man short. The
;full details are shown below;
ji . PACIFIC CE1CKET CLUB.
«J. Myers, c. Evason. b. H. R. : Elliott S3
C P. Coles, c. Evason, b. Furley, 31
' H. C. Casidy, c. H. F. Elliott, b. H. R.
Elliott 5
"~VT. Petberick, c. Evason. b. H. F. Elliott 9
HP". Bennion, b. H. F. Elliott 12
?G. Theobald, run out 3
. T. J. A. Tiedeman, c. Macartney, b. H R
* Elliott ! 4
fVT. Henderson, c. and b. H. F. Elliott 2
• V. P. Sollom, run out , 1
J A. B. Willis, not out „ ? -2
'Extras :...; 6
X Total .' . : ....:..1O8
¦' Runs at fall of each wicket — One for 52. two
>for 68. three for 78. four for 86. five for 90, six
''for 100, seven for 102, eight for 106, nine for 10S,
•Jten for 108, .
* SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— . B. R. . 2K. W.
Macartney ;...... 114 27 6
Furley 108 35 11
H. R. Elliott..'......: 48 20 .. 3
H. F. Elliott 51 20 13
Furley bowled 3 wideg and H. R. Elliott 1
wide.
SACRAMENTO CRICKET CLUB.
J. W. Kerr, st. Myers, b. Caj-idy.. 2
L. W. Robitaille. b. Casidy 6
H. R. Elliott, b. Casidy 6
H. F. Elliott, c. Bennion; b. Sollom ltt
H. Macartney, c. Tiedemann, b. Casidy 24
• H. Fiirley, b. Sollom '.. 0
A. T. Pardoe, b. Coles 4
G. V. Green, c Myers, b. Coles 6
E. Ashworth, b. Casidy 0
W. Evason, not out 2
Extras 4
Total 72
Runs at fall of each wicket— One for 4, two
for 10, three for 14. four for 55, five for 55, six
for 59. seven for 61, eight for 62, nine for 72.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. R. M. W.
¦ PACIFIC CRICKETERS
BEAT SACRAMENTANS
Ian, hence Jan 1. . - •¦
NEWCASTLE. Aus-Salled June 4-Br bark
Republic, for Honolulu. June 9— Bktn Arago,
for Honolulu.
Sailed June 13 — Br ship Lord Templeton, for
San Francisco. . ' '
GUAYMAS-Salled June'. 17— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
PANAMA— Arrived June 17— Stmr Leelanaw.
hence June 3. '
OCEAN STEAMERS.
• QUEENSTOWN — Arrived June 18 — Stmr
Waesland, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool,
and proceeded. . . - ..
ROTTERDAM— Arrived June 18— Stmr Pots
dam, from New York, ' via Boulogne.-
CHERBOURG— Arrived June 18— Stmr Kal
serln Maria Theresa, from New York, for
Bremen, and proceeded.
Arrived June 18 — Stmr .Patricia, from New
York, via Plymouth and Hamburg, and pro
ceeded. - ¦ ¦ " A
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived June 18— Stmr
Kaiserln Maria Theresa, from New York, via
Cherbourg, for Bremen, and proceeded.
NAPLES — Arrived June 14 — Stmr Moyune,
from Tacoma and Seattle, via Nagasaki, Ha
kodate, Hongkong-, etc.
Sailed June 15— Stmr Georsrtc, for New York.
BOULOGNE— Arrived June 17— Stmr Pots
dam, f rom New York, for Rotterdam, and pro-!
Sailed June 18— Stmr Pretoria,
from Hamburg and Boulogne, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed June 18— Stmr Yangtse,
for Vancouver, B C.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 18— Stmr Lahn."
from Bremen and Southampton; stmr Georglc,
•from Liverpool; stmr Geroglan.
NAPLES— Sailed. June 15-Stmr Georgia, for
New York.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United . States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
, . "Waters at \ Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NQTE— The high" and low -waters occur, at
the city front (Mission-street 'wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Comi
pany's Colombia and the Pacific Mall
Cpmpany's Acapulco sailed for Central
American ports yesterday. Both vessels
were late In getting away, and it was not
until ' 2 p. m. that the Acapulco passed
Meiggs wharf. * ,
The Colombia took away 1800 , tons .of
cargo and the following named passen
gers:
B. E. Abrahamson. Miss A. F. Phillip, Miss
L. Siordia, Miss J. Armer, Miss Minlta Bruce.
Miss Burke, I. Schwartz, Wallace MacGregor,
A. W. Abbott, J. J. Humphreys, James \V.
Armstrong, E. J. Cooney, Max Schluter and
wife, Mrs. Moisant. Miss THlie Moisant; Miss
Julia Moisant. Theodore Makee, George Finek,-.
ler, A. "Wiehelm, E. B. Elliott. Newman "Wolf,
Charles Reiter, Mimo Galvani, James Har
greave, Enrique Castro, Miss Juanita Scott,
Nikola Radovlch, Francisco Salas, J. D.,Storay.
E. R. Malloy, H. C. Berry and Michael Truno.
Miss Burke is making a trip to Guate
mala and will come home on the Llmari.
I. Schwartz is of the banking house of
Schwartz Bros., Guatemala- City. Mr.
and Mrs. Schluter, came here from Port
Angel on a visit. Last week their baby
died, so they decided to go home" at once.
Charles Reiter and Mimo Galvani are two
Italian journalists who came here two
months ago on a tandem bicycle. They
are going to tour South America.
¦ Among the vessel's cargo are two mag
nifient carriage horses. They are the
property of I. Schwartz and are Intended
as a present for the President of Guate
mala. ' . .
The Mall Company's Acapulco only took
away a' few passengers, but has aboard
all the cargo she can carry. .
Bact From the Cralapago s. .
The thirty-ton schooner Mary Sachs
[got back from the Galapagos Islands
early • yesterday morning. She left here
about nine months ago with R. H. Beck,
E. Adams, W- Harvey and George Grimm,
¦Stanford University students, who' were
bound for the Islands In search of bird
skins and reptiles. They were very, suc
cessful and more than ; 1000 -'¦ skins and 'a
dozen tortoises show that the seven
months they spent among the. Galapagos
were not wasted. While,. -.atNarbor
Island they got a. great scare- The vol
cano that forms the center > of 'the i islet
suddenly broke into eruption with a roar
that could be heard for miles. '.' They,,had
a similar experience at 'James Island,: but
on neither occasion was there any danger.
The Mary Sachs . was seventy-three' days
getting back to San Francisco, and all on
board were delighted ¦ when .the anchor
was dropped off Alcatras. . . :
1 A' few weeks ago thr/ schooner W. S.
Phelps came back, from the Galapagos
with a cargo of turtles and it was
thought she had cleared out the . supply.
There were a few left for the Mary
Sachs,- however, as the dozen' on board
prove. -
•' ¦» — i . ¦ . . ,
Water Front Notes.
. Four sugar, vessels reached port yester
day. All of them made \ good runs as
far as the coast and were then ' driven
back by the northwester. : - 7 . The barken
tine S. G. Wilder made the run from
Honolulu in seventeen days; the bark
Annie Johnson, nineteen and. a half days
from 'Hilo; the ship S. D. Carlton, nine
teen days from Kahului, and ' the bark
Mauna Ala seventeen days from Hono
lulu. ¦ ¦-¦ . ¦¦.;:¦ " - : ¦"•¦'¦..-' -:= - ¦-¦ . *¦• ;•
, The ¦ schooner Julia E3. Whalen arrived
from Pago Pago, Samoa, ' via Kanai,* H.
I.yi late Monday night. She was a ¦ long
time on the run and had to put into Kanai
for provisions.- 'Captain Erratt had' two
crews aboard ; and both of • them proved
very hearty eaters. His white crew will
be paid off here' and- the native' : crew he
secured at" Apia will' take , the ' schooner
back ,to c Samoa. r: -.*- .'•- '¦"-•¦'-.''¦¦-¦.
1 '.The transport Pennsylvania docked at
Folsom-street 'wharf yesterday. .;. The
chances are that- she will be released ' by
BIVAIi STEAMSHIPS DEPART.
P"tt< WO steamers sailed for and one
1 arrived from Central and South
1 American ports yesterday. All pf
LL them carried full cargoes and
were well patronized by the trav
eling: public. . S
The first of the fleet was the Pacific
Mail Company's San Juan, which arrived
about 10" a. m. from Panama and way
ports. Her cabin passengers were the fol
io wins named: . ' >
George Haitt, Luis T. Satres, Henry T. Dur
ant and wife, Luis Lopez, Albert F. Brown,
Frank Myler, Louis Hirsch, wife and two chil
dren; Mary McBride, Jeanie Newboon, An
gelina: Pinot, Julia Flores, Mrs. Bessie Mar
tin and child, Adolph Habjorentinger, • F. san
chez Labour, Joseflna Mero, Hanks Zacher and
wife. M. Bretgartner, Eda Luria, F. Pearce,
Ricardo ' CareagV wife and child; Carmen
Solio and Cenobla Guiterrez.
Besides these the San Juan brought up
eight Chinese in transit for Hongkong.
On the trip down the coast the San Juan
lost one of her crew- and a lifeboat. On
May 6 last she was lying in the roadsted
off Acajutla, in company with the Salva
dorean gunboat Ivy. Colonel John Stew
art, the Mail Company's agent in San
Salvador, was on board the San Juan and
wanted to get ashore. A lifeboat was
lowered and manned with four sailors,
while Colonel Stewart took the tiller.
About the Fame time a boat was lowered
from the Ivy and both started for the
wharf. '"' When a few yards. from the land
ing a huge roller came along and carried
the San Juah's.boat past the wharf and
threw her up on the beach.- Colonel
Stewart was. stunned and would have been
carried out by the undertow had not- a
sailor named Salomi' pushed :hlm further
up the beach. Before the sailor could
himself gain a footing he was carried out
by the receding water and drowned. He
undoubtedly sacrificed his own life to save
that of Colonel Stewart. , •- ¦
• As it was, the colonel was nearly dead
when carried into a small house on the
wharf, and it was two hours before ho
became conscious. Then he was sent
home to Sononati in a special train.
: The wave that wrecked the San Juan's
boat threw the one' from the Ivy against
the pier and smashed . it Into kindling
wood. The crew -escaped. All the men
in both boats were laid up for nearly a
week, and Colonel Stewart was only re
covering from the effects of his accident
When the San Juan called at Acajutla -on
her way home. :
•ANTWERP— In - port i June 1— Br . bark Ber-'
muda, ' for San : Francisco.- ¦•• May 25-rBr : ship
Glacus, ' for San .-Francisco. >.-.. ¦' . '
/¦NANTES— In port June 1— Fr bark Belan, for*
'Astoria. • ' ; ' - V. - ; $&$
'. ,ST NAZAIRE— Sailed May 21— Fr, bark Bour
bakl, for Astoria. • > - -, . • - ,
1 • VALPARAISO— In : port ' May ' 1— Br bark
Mayfleld, ; for Astoria. - ,
HIOGQ— Sailed May 29— Ger bark Nal, for,
Astoria: ' ¦'¦'-.• ¦¦*'¦' ¦ . • ' .
HAMBURG— Arrived June 16— Br ship West
srate,-from .Seattle. ' ' ' ' ' ¦
I GENPA— Cleared . May 31— Ger stmr Serapls,
for San Francisco. . -.*-'-
GUAYAQUIL-rSailed June 4r-Ger'Btmr Her
monthlg, for. San Francisco, :
" DEAL— Passed June 15 — Ger ship Siam, from
Hamburg, for San . Francisco. , - . . r -
~ CALLAO— In port May 15— Br bark Baroda,
for Astoria,' . '¦¦- , ' -• : ~ -..-., . ¦¦
, : DUNGENESS— Passed June ': : 17— Ger chip
Christei;> from Bremen, for San Francisco.
DOVER— Passed ¦ June 17— Br bark Muskoko,
from Antwerp,- for San Francisco.. ¦ ¦. -¦ : ••
TOCO PILLA— Arrived June 4— Ger bark J C
•Glade, from -Valparaiso.": ; ' > • ,, '
• TYNE— Arrived ¦. June ; 16— Br^ ship" Carman-
FOREIGN PORTS.
- NEAH BAY— Passed in April 18— Stmr Nome
City,- from Nome, for Seattle; schr W H.TI1
lamook, from Lahaina, for , Port Blakeley. ¦
TILLAMOOK- Sailed Juno IS— Stmr W. H
Kruger, for' San Francisco,
j . SEATTLE-^-Arrlved June 18— Stmr , Macki
naw, hence June 14. .
i Sailed June 18— Bark Shirley, 1 for Nome.
•• "Arrived" June 18 — Stmr Dirigo. from Skaguay.'
-.SAN PEI3RO— Sailed- June 18— Schr Meteor, .
for Port Townsend. -. ' . . •
• PORT, HADLOCK— Sailed June. 18-rChll , bark
Bertha, for . . . ' ' .
Sailed June 18— Ital bark Christobal Solar,
forlqulque. " • : '- ' ' .• -.
r VENTURA— Arrived ' June 18— Barge Santa
Paula, in tow of tug Rescue, hence June 16.
• Sailed June 18— Barge Santa Paula, in tow of
tug Rescue, for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW — Sailed June 18— Schr
Queen, for San Francisco.. . . .\ *
; : •' EASTERN.PORT. V '.'
NEW YORK— Arrived June ; 17— Stmr Fi
nance, from Colon. >:. . .. : -'. : •
. BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Juno 17— Stmr
Navarro, for San Pedro. . ¦ .,
May 18— Schr Bessie K, for San Francisco.
PORT .GAMBLE— Arrived • June 18— Schr
Queen from Port Hadlock.
COOS BAY— Sailed June . 18— Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco. ¦ - • • - ¦ ' ¦ .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
¦ POINT LOBOS, June 18, 10 p m— Weather
fosgy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles.
! Tuesday, June 18.
.Stmr Georjre Loomls, Bridgett, Ventura.'
Stmr Glosy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
.Stmr Cella, Hi^gins, . ,
' Stmr National City, Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Acapulco, Russell. Panama.
: Stmr Bonita, Nicholson, San Pedro. .
Nor Btmr Horda, Svendsen, Guayaquil, via
Noyo. ' .
Br stmr Colombia, for Valparaiso.
Ship Falls of Clyde, Matsen. Hilo.
•Bark Edward May, Hansen, Honolulu.
Schr Jennie Qrif fln, Campbell, • Point Reyes.
Schr Ruth E Godfrey, Johnson, Nome.
. Schr O M Kellogg, Iversen, .
;' -TEI-EGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Tuesday, June 18.
Stmr San Juan, Robinson, — r- days from
Panama and way ports.
'Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 13 hours from
Point Arena.
Stmr Aloha, "Wehman, 19 hours from Usal.
.Stmr Columbia, Doran, 46 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 33% hours.
Ship S D Carleton, Amesbury, 19 days from
Kahulul.
Bark Mauna Ala, Smith, 13 days from Hono
lulu, i ' . ; , ? . ¦ ¦
Bark Annie Johnson, Nelson, 19H days from
Hilo.
Bktn S . G l Wilder, Jackson, 17 days from
Honolulu. ' . .
) CLEARED.
' ¦ , . Tuesday, June 17.
'Bark Edward May, Hansen, Honolulu: Alex
ander & Baldwin (Ltd). .
" Stmr AcaDUlco, Russell," Panama; Pacific
Mail SS Co. ¦
Br stmr Colombia, l Judkins. Valparaiso and
way ports; Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The steamer Colombia, "sailed • yesterday for
Valparaiso and way ports with- a 1 " general cargo
valued at $30,143, manifested as follows: For
Central America, $14,469; Mexico, $5683; Pana
ma, $4924; South America, $5Q69. The cargo in
cluded the following: .
For Central America— 10 ca bottled beer, 88,000
lbs bluestone, 20 cs coal 'oil, -34 bales dry, goods,
1162 bbls' flour, 35 pkgs groceries and \ pro
visions, :62 kegs lead; '11,464 'ft lumber,- 10 pkga
machinery, 115 cs oil,- 33 bdls paper, 23 pkgs
paint, 25 cs whisky, 289 gals wine.
For Mexico— 30 cs coal oil, 49 bbls flour, 36
pkgs groceries and provisions, 264 bales hay,
3S6 bdls, iron, 2500 lbs lard, 9970 ft lumber, 12
pkgs machinery, 50 crs potatoes, 16 bdls pipe,
23,090 lbs tallow, 1177 gals- wine, 10 cs whisky.
For Panama — 33 bdle brooms, 725 bbls flour,
20 cs canned goods, 28,676 ft lumber, 23 crs po
tatoes, 252 crs onions, 4747 lbs sugar, . 20 cs 3
bbls salmon. 110 cs soap.
For South America — 6597 railroad ties, 500
bbls cement, 100 reels wire, 370 bbls flour. J
The Colombia's Cargo.
For Central America — 9 pkgs agricultural Im
plements, 60 cs bottled beer, 1300 gals coal oil,
503 bbls cement; 15.0S5 lbs corn, 13 coils cordage,
25 bales domestics, 47 bales dry goods, 15 cs
drugs, \ 2624 bbls ' flour, 60 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 17 ps hardware, 27 bdls iron, 101,680
lbs malt, 12 crs onions, 60 crs potatoes, 25 bdls
paper, 78 bdla pipe, 15 pkgs paints, 4743 lbs
rice, 1000 railroad ties, 49,199 lbs rosin, 56,538
lbs tallow, 34 ca 1320 gals wine, 94 cs 5 bbls
whisky, ¦ 100 reels wire.
• For Panama — 2017 lbs sugar, 7500 . ft lumber,
6830 gals wine, 232 cs canned goods, 30 cs sta
tionery and paper, ' 11 cs drugs, 100 cs salmon.
The Chlpperkyle will load wheat for Europe,
37s 6d, or merchandise for Liverpool, 38s, prior
to arrival; the Norwegian steamer Horda, rail
road .ties at Noyo for Guayaquil ; the Lahalna,
lumber on Pug^t Sound for Shanghai, 50a; the
Sierra Estrella, wheat here for 'Europe, 37s 6d,
prior to arrival; the British steamer Wyeneld,
coal at Oyster Harbor for St. Michael.
m ¦ '.
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
The steamer Acapulco sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a general cargo
manifested up to 3 p. in. as follows: For Mexi
co, $24,966; Central America, J28.311; Panama,
$3347; total value, $57,224. The principal ex
porta and their destinations were as follows:
For Mexico — 112 cs cyanide Qf potassium, 7
pkgs dry goods, 10 cs fuse, 592 pkgs hardware,
4000 ft lumber, 28 pkgs locomotive and parts,
S cs lamp goods, 40 ]>kgs machinery, 50 flanks
quicksilver 14 bdls pipe,- 1040 bdls shooks, 6600
lbs sulphur? 212 gals wine, 1000 reel3 wire.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
the Government and her 1 Filipino crew
will be sent back to Manila on one of the
Government .vessels. • . , ¦
Lavengo won the Scot Biennial stakes
of £1D each, with £500 added, for two-year
olds, distance five furlongs and 150 yards.
,The Clarina filly was second and Pierre
rLorillard's Amoret II (Maher) was third.
' Mackintosh won the gold vase, value
.^£600, given by King Edward, with £200
*for the winner added to a sweepstakes of
*£20 each, for three-year-olds, two miles.
; Gyp -was second and Ma Mannlicher third.
I Foxhall Keene's bay gelding Sinopl
: (Maher) won the Ascot stakes, a handicap
..of £20 each, with £2000 added, the second
to receive £500 and the third £200 out of
the stakes. Distance about two miles.
Brissac was second and Scintillant was
.third. Sixteen horse ran. Lady Penzance
£jed to the old course, where Semper Vigi
-Jans drew to the front. Brissac took the
in the straight, but gave* way close
•to home to Sinopi. The latter won by
•ihree-quarters of a length. Half a length
/separated second and third horses. Tne
..betting was 6 to 1 against Sinopi and 10 to
J. each against Brissac and Scintillant.
Douglas Baird's Veronese won the
Prince of Wales' stakes of £50 each, with
£1000 added, for three-year-olds, distance
about one mile and five furlongs. Pad
lock II (Maher) was second and St.
Amour was third.
. Sterling Balm won the Coventry stakes
of £10 each, with £1000 added, lor two
year-olds, two year-old course (five rur
iongs, forty yards). Port Biair (Milton
Henry) was second, W. C. Whitney's
Mount Vernon filly (J. Rein*), was third.
Fourteen horses ran. . .
The racing opened promisingly for the
Americans, W. C. Whitney's chestnut
colt Watershed (J. Reiff) winning the trial
stakes of ten sovereigns each, with £500
added; for three-year-olds, seven furlongs
and 106 yards.
j From the sporting point of view, the
;hard condition of the going is liable to
, tapset a number of favorites. All ths
great horses of the year are engaged in
one or more events and upward of 150
have already arrived here to contest for
the rich stakes, aggregating in the neigh
borhood of £40,000.
. ; ASCOT HEATH, England. June 18.—
The aristocratic race meeting on the
Royal Heath opened to-day with cold,
gloomy weather, but, though shorn of its
chief attraction, the royal procession and
the attendance of members of the royal
family, the migration of fashionable Lon
don Into Berkshire promises to make the
meeting the usual great social success.
•Whitney's Colt Watershed
Wins the Rich Trial
• Stake.
London Society People
Make It a Social
Success.
RAGING OPENS
ON ROYAL HEATH
Washington .....'.. :... 6 12 .4
Detroit ..:,V..." ... v ........10 15 3
'.'- Batteries— Carrlck, Gear and Clarke; Cronln
and'Buelow. V , -,V . '¦ ',
Cleveland •• 9 14 4
Philadelphia.. ..:........ 6 .5 .4
I Batteries— Dowllng and Teager ; ! Plank and
Powers. . '• "¦ ¦ , _ . ¦'• ;' ' '"r
.WASHINGTON, June 18.— The score:
Clubs-^ ; ,V ' ¦¦¦. R.. H.'- E.
Baltimore .'.... 11 10 2
Milwaukee. ."..;... -Y. .'..:..:... .'4. 7,, 4
Batteries— Howell and 'Robinson; Sparks and
Maloney. - •.-,'¦ .-•' - , -.-'• -
PHILADELPHIA, June 18.— Th.e score': ¦
Clubs— . -R.\ H. E.
Boston ••¦; 4 7 3
Chicago; •"• 3 7 4
Batteries— Lewis and Schreck; Griffith, Har
vey and Sullivan.
- BALTIMORE, June 18.— The score: .
Clubs— »• : R. H. E.
R. H.
New -York '....:;: T.\ ...5 14 2
Brooklvn '.10 12 2
Batteries— Taylor, ' Denser '• and Warner;
Hughes, Donovan, and McQuire:
AMERICAN LEAGUE. •
BOSTON, June 18.— Griffith was put out of
tbo came in Boston's half of the sixth Inning
fcr kicking on the umpire's decisions.' Har
vey took his place and did well, but . Boston
had won the game before Griffith went out.
Attendance. 4076. Score: : .
Clubs — • ' R. ¦ H. -' E.
Plttsburg • • — • ¦ • . ..;....:.:. 9 13 4
St. Louis 2 9 2
f Batteries— Phillippl t and' O'Connor; Murphy
and Nichols. Umpire— O* Day.
BROOKLYN, June 18.— The score: ;
R. H. E.
Boston .;. '. • 5 . ' 10 ¦ 2
Philadelphia .".••*" « \ 2
Batteries— Willis and KKtredge; Orth ' and
Douglas. Umpire — Nash.
.^pixTSBUKG, June it.— The score: ;''.'
Clubs— . . R. H. ' E.
BOSTON, June 18.— After Philadelphia had
apparently won to-day through Pittinger's
wildness in the eighth, Boston batted out a
victory .in 'the ninth. 'The National League
management has . decided to reduce the price
of admission to 25 cents • for the remainder
of the season. Attendance 125. Score:
National League Reduces the Price of
Admission*.
.NATIONAL I-EAGIJE.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
There is a. difference of only five games
between the leaders and the tail-enders' In
the California League. The four teams are
evenly matched and are playing high
class ball. Oakland has sprung up as a
candidate for first place. Although last
in the league, the four victories over Sac
ramento has given the club a new lease
of life and the team intends 'striving hard
to overtake the leaders. . Los Angeles
seems to be imbued with the same feeling,
and judging by the ; three games the
southern team took from the men from
"over the Rhein" they bid fair to suc
ceed. . : - ¦- • ' :
All the managers are looking for new
material to strengthen thejr teams. While
the San Francisco team is fielding fairly
well, it is weak at bat, and' Manager Har
ris recognizes the fact that good pitchers
have kept his aggregation in first place.
Harris is now on the 'lookout for two or
three players who are good stickers, and
is willing to sacrifice rieiding- for good bat
ting, tiacramento and Los Angeies are in
search of the same material. , "
Oakland has as good a team as there is
in the league and should go right to the
front.
Jimmy Whalen, the Dutch team's clever
twirler, who sprained hia ankle some
weeks ago, has reported for duty and will
make his reappearance in Thursday's,
game. Jimmy will be given a cordial re
ception by the "fans."
Keitz, the crack second-base man, now
playing with Los Angeles, is doing great
work m his territory. He has won the
hearts of the southern baseball cranks
and is playing in National League style.
He has not yet struck his batting streak,
but is gradually trimming his "lamps"
and should be hitting over .300 per cent.
Spies captained the Los Angeles nine
last Thursday, and as they lost the game
he resigned the post. Reilly was elected
captain, and as the team won the next
three games the Los Angeles "fans" be
lieve he will pull the team to the front.
In the four games played in the south
land against Los Angeles the local nine
only secured twenty-one hits, and of this
number Captain Pabst secured seven.
Krugand Schwartz failed to get a hit in
any of the games, and the former's work
at second was very poor.
Croll is fielding well, but his stickwork
is very light. Graham's throwing to
bases was perfect in the last series. Only
one man stole a sack in four games.
The Los Angeles team adopted bunting:
very successfully and this resulted in
many. runs. Every member of the team
seems, to be expert at this game and gives
evidence of much study and practice.-
Bowman was about to be released from
the Los Angeles nine because of his poor
batting, but in the late series he did bet
ter than any member of his team. His
showing has given him a new lease o*
life. -
Kelly's • hitting, bunting ; and fielding
were a feature of all the^games down
south.
Los Angeles is a great baseball town.
The national game is the topic, of con
versation; and the crowds at- the \games
show- the deep interest taken in the pas-'
time. , . : ,r. r , .,':¦¦:. . • ¦';
Graves' 'umpiring in the Los Angeles-
San Francisco series gave general satis
faction. At times, however, his decisions
on balls and strikes were- faulty. •'
Matt Stanley is recovering from his
spell of illness and is again behind the
bat' for the Legislators, j
Sacramento was in a badly disabled
condition last week. Stanley was unable
to catch early in the series, Thomas is
still sick at Sacramento and Doyle's arm
is In a bad. way,. It is very doubtful
whether Doyle will ever be able to pitch
again, as he strained his arm.
The Oakland team intends to play Held
on the initial bag. when he recovers from
his illness -and "Truck" Eagan will be
se^it over to the third bag.
Dunleavy, Streib and Drennan compose
the best outfield ever got together on this
coast. They combine all the requisites
of the -game,- being good . hitters, fielders
and base-runners.
"Buck" i Francks, Oakland's shortstop,
is a good ball player, but seems to make
costly errors. His mistakes have gener
ally been made at critical moments, and
he has lost his team many a game.
The slump in Sacramento's batting has
created no end of discussion. Heretofore
the Senators have been noted for their
heavy stick work.
Harris has been trying to get "Bill"
Lange to play with Jils team, but received
a final answer yesterday from the great
outfielder. Lange will not play again, as
his business needs all his attention," ,
San Franciscp and Los Angeles have a
postponed garme which they will play on
the morning of July 4 at ' Recreation
Park.
San Francisco is a game ahead of Sac
ramento: the latter team Is one ahead of
Los Angeles and the. southern team is
three ahead of Oakland.
Van Haltren's work with the . i New
York Giants is creating a. furor East.
Van is playing better, than > he ever did
in his long career. „-¦ I i
¦ Harvey is playing excellent- ball" with
the Chicago American League. | ¦
j Hughes is pitching fairly well, but is
not as successful as in former seasons.
Jimmy Whalen to Make His
< Reappearance.- To-
Morrow.
Baseball Managers Are
in Quest of New
Material.-
HEAVY BATTERS
ARE IN DEMAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAliLr 'VVeDNESDAY, JUNE 19, 1901.
One Boat . Belonged to the San Juan and the Other to Gunboat
. i v y__ r vtyhjle Rescuing Colonel John Stewart of the Mail Com
pany the Seaman Is Caught by Undertow and Carried, to Sea
LOSS OF TWO LIFEBOATS IN AC A JUTLA
ROADSTEAD AND DROWNING OF A SAILOR
THE MAIL. COMPANY'S SAN JUAN AND SALVADOREAN GUNBOAT IVY IN THE ACAJUTLA ROADSTEAD.
EACH SENT A LIFEBOAT ASHORE AND A HEAVY ROLLER THREW -THE SAN JUAN'S BOAT ON THE
BEACH AND THE IVY'S. AGAINST, THE PIER.
¦WEDNESDAY. JUNE 19.
Sun rises 4:47
Sun- sets ..........7:34
Moon sets 9:51 p. m.
E.
Clubs—
Clubs-
4
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L W H W L W ~
19... 0:39 6.0 7:39—0.8 2:40 6.2 7:38 2.9
20 ... 1:34 5.6 8:12—0.3 3:25 6.3 8:33 2.8
21 ... 2:34 5.0 8:56 0.2 4:06 5.4 9:50 ' 2.S
23... 3:34 4.5 9:40 0.7 4:50 5.5 11:00 2.2
23... 4:46 4.0 10:29 1.2 5:34 5.5
L W H W L W H W
24 ... 0:07 1.8 6:00 3.8 11:20 1.6 6:18 5.5
25 ... 1:02 1.5 7:13 3.7 12:06 2.0 7:00 5.6
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Mandalay
Santa Barbara.
Del Norte
Czarina
Pomona
Empire
North Fork....
Point Arena....
Noyo '....
Coos Bay...
Santa Rosa....
Acme •
Argyll ....
Fulton
Washtenaw.. . .
\V. H. Kruger.
City of Puebla.
China...........
Tucapel........
Eureka....
Rival
Bonlta....
Corona. '. ».
G. W. Elder.... 1
Mackinaw.:....
Hermonthis....
Newburg..
Coquille River June 19
Humboldt .-....;. June 19
Crescent City '.......;.. June 19
Seattle and Tacoma.... June 19
Humboldt June 19
Coos Bay June 20
Humboldt . . .-. June 20
Point Arena June 20
Humboldt June")
Newport June 20
San Diego June 20
Siuslaw River ......... June 20
N. Y. via Panama June 20
San Pedjro June 21
Seattle June 21
Tillamook Bay June 21
Puget Sound Ports June 21
China and Japan June 22
Valparaiso & Way Pts June 22
Humboldt June 23
Willapa' Harbor June 23
San Pedro & Way Pts. June 23
San- Diego June 23
Portland. & Astoria.... Jun$ 24
Seattle June 24
Hamburg & "Way Pts. June 25
Grays Harbor; June 25
Steamer.
Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Destination.
Queen.
Rainier.......
Empire... —
Corona.......
Eureka..
Sonoma
TJmatilla.....
San Pedro....
Mandalay —
Arcata
Fulton.:......
Czarina.......
Pomona...'.;.
Jane 19. '
Seattle direct ..... XI am Pier 9
Puget Sound • Ports 5 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay ....:..... 12 m Pier 13
San Diego ......... 9 am Pier 11
June 20. ¦ . ... -
Humboldt- 9 am Pier 13
Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
Puget Sound, Ports 11 am Pier 9
Humboldt .......... 10 am Pier 3
*J Jnne 21.
Coqullle River .... 10 am Pier 2
Coos Bay ;1. 12 m Pier 13
Grays Harbor i... 5 pm Pier 16
Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Humboldt :..;.. 1:30 c Pier 9
¦June 22.
China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Newport 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena- .'.. 2 pm Pier 2
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Humboldt .......... 10 am Pier 2
Sluslaw River • . . . . 3 pm Pier 13
Humboldt...../.... 5 pm Pier 2
Jane 23.' ¦ :
Humboldt ..-. 9 am Pier 2
San Diego 9 am Pier 11
•;., June 25.
Pugret Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Wijlara Harbor. ., 5 pm Pier 2
Pedro .. a 9 amlPler 11
H'kong Maru
Coos Bay .
Point Arena..
Columbia
Santa Barb'r-
Acme'......"...
Noyo.... "......
North Fork..
Santa Rosa..'
CltyPuebla..
¦Rival...:.....
Bonlta
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails:
City of Topeka.
Nome City
-Victorian.......
Farallon.......
Queen.'.... ;.'...
Excelsior.:.....
City of Seattle.
Dirlgo... •;'.."...".
Alki.
Senator. I'.'. ..'. .'.
Cottage City...
Skaguay -&..Way Ports. June 19
Nome. Teller & Topkuk June 20
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 22
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 22
Skapuay I & Way Ports. June 24
Valdez & Way ; Ports.. June 25
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 28
Rkaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Skaguay fc Way Ports. June 29
Nome direct •........'.... June 29
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L W H W L W ~
19... 0:39 6.0 7:39—0.8 2:40 6.2 7:38 2.9
20 ... 1:34 5.6 8:12—0.3 3:25 6.3 8:33 2.8
21 ... 2:34 5.0 8:56 0.2 4:06 5.4 9:50 ' 2.S
23... 3:34 4.5 9:40 0.7 4:50 5.5 11:00 2.2
23... 4:46 4.0 10:29 1.2 5:34 5.5
L W H W L W H W
24 ... 0:07 1.8 6:00 3.8 11:20 1.6 6:18 5.5
25 ... 1:02 1.5 7:13 3.7 12:06 2.0 7:00 5.6
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Mandalay
Santa Barbara.
Del Norte
Czarina
Pomona
Empire
North Fork....
Point Arena....
Noyo '....
Coos Bay...
Santa Rosa....
Acme •
Argyll ....
Fulton
Washtenaw.. . .
\V. H. Kruger.
City of Puebla.
China...........
Tucapel........
Eureka....
Rival
Bonlta....
Corona. '. ».
G. W. Elder.... 1
Mackinaw.:....
Hermonthis....
Newburg..
Coquille River June 19
Humboldt .-....;. June 19
Crescent City '.......;.. June 19
Seattle and Tacoma.... June 19
Humboldt June 19
Coos Bay June 20
Humboldt . . .-. June 20
Point Arena June 20
Humboldt June")
Newport June 20
San Diego June 20
Siuslaw River ......... June 20
N. Y. via Panama June 20
San Pedjro June 21
Seattle June 21
Tillamook Bay June 21
Puget Sound Ports June 21
China and Japan June 22
Valparaiso & Way Pts June 22
Humboldt June 23
Willapa' Harbor June 23
San Pedro & Way Pts. June 23
San- Diego June 23
Portland. & Astoria.... Jun$ 24
Seattle June 24
Hamburg & "Way Pts. June 25
Grays Harbor; June 25
Steamer.
Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Destination.
Queen.
Rainier.......
Empire... —
Corona.......
Eureka..
Sonoma
TJmatilla.....
San Pedro....
Mandalay —
Arcata
Fulton.:......
Czarina.......
Pomona...'.;.
Jane 19. '
Seattle direct ..... XI am Pier 9
Puget Sound • Ports 5 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay ....:..... 12 m Pier 13
San Diego ......... 9 am Pier 11
June 20. ¦ . ... -
Humboldt- 9 am Pier 13
Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
Puget Sound, Ports 11 am Pier 9
Humboldt .......... 10 am Pier 3
*J Jnne 21.
Coqullle River .... 10 am Pier 2
Coos Bay ;1. 12 m Pier 13
Grays Harbor i... 5 pm Pier 16
Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Humboldt :..;.. 1:30 c Pier 9
¦June 22.
China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Newport 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena- .'.. 2 pm Pier 2
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Humboldt .......... 10 am Pier 2
Sluslaw River • . . . . 3 pm Pier 13
Humboldt...../.... 5 pm Pier 2
Jane 23.' ¦ :
Humboldt ..-. 9 am Pier 2
San Diego 9 am Pier 11
•;., June 25.
Pugret Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Wijlara Harbor. ., 5 pm Pier 2
Pedro .. a 9 amlPler 11
H'kong Maru
Coos Bay .
Point Arena..
Columbia
Santa Barb'r-
Acme'......"...
Noyo.... "......
North Fork..
Santa Rosa..'
CltyPuebla..
¦Rival...:.....
Bonlta
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails:
City of Topeka.
Nome City
-Victorian.......
Farallon.......
Queen.'.... ;.'...
Excelsior.:.....
City of Seattle.
Dirlgo... •;'.."...".
Alki.
Senator. I'.'. ..'. .'.
Cottage City...
Skaguay -&..Way Ports. June 19
Nome. Teller & Topkuk June 20
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 22
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 22
Skapuay I & Way Ports. June 24
Valdez & Way ; Ports.. June 25
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 28
Rkaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Skaguay fc Way Ports. June 29
Nome direct •........'.... June 29
Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT IS A PARASITE
That Causes Itching Scalp, Dandruff.
and Finally, Falling Hair.
The itching scalp, the falling hair and
the dandruff that annoys are the work of
a parasite hidden In the scalp. .That para-
site must be killed to cure dandruff, and
the only preparation that will do that is
Xewbro's Herpicide. "Destroy* the cause,
you remove the effect."
' C. H. Reed of Victor, Idaho, says:
'¦'Myself and wife had dahdruff.and falling
hair several years. Two bottles'of, New-
bro's Herpicide completely cured us, after
several otber hair preparations . had failed
to do • good." -' Makes hair 'grow glossy
and soft as silk. • Hundreds of other testi-
monials just as strong. " v ;^^fiGMQKBK|
|||| You drink some beers that cause bilious headache. Perhaps Iml
KlJl The cause of biliousness is the lack of age — too much haste Kca
Ep£$| to put the beer on the market. To ferment beer thoroughly sjan
M&l requires a process of months. Without it the fermentation takes HMla
i Fjf^j place in your stomach. That is the cause of biliousness. ' 1,1 j
|y|j Hurried beer is unhealthful. Schlitz beer is kept for months B#jqj
«*|1 in refrigerating rooms with a capacity of 265,000 barrels — kept IkI
|p&j almost at freezing point until it is well fermented. Schlitz beer is |j)ii
pHpS never marketed until thoroughly aged. F^lvj
6mI1 ' Phone Main 447, Sherwood & Sherwood, 212-14 Market St., San Francisco. W^X
bfjvj ¦-.-'• ~nh^ wfl V^ \mJr hPy]PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM ,of .Rail
ways. :.' Office— SO Montgomery e tree t •
ROME, June 18.— The Popeihag ratified
the appointment of. Dr. Thomas F. Ken
nedy of Philadelphia 'as rector of! the
American College, in succession ¦ to : Mon
signor O'Connell, appointed Bishop of
Portland,. Me. '
Pope Ratifies Appointment.
MIDDLESBORO, Ky., June 18.—Un
known person! assassinated William L».
Smith, a prominent physician, while he
was on his way to-day to Buchanan, Va.
Smith Jives at Pleasant Hill.' where John
Henderson was killed Sunday in a light.
The trouble started about a week ago be
tween the sons of Smith and Henderson,
who took up their boys' quarrel. Sus
picion points to Henderson's fricads a?
the authors of the dce.il.
Victim of an Asassin.
Ho Ah Yow, a Chinese female slave,
¦was'releeted from custody ¦ yesterday ' by
United States 3 Court | Commissioner Hea
cock on motion of United States District
Attorney Woodworth. who announced
that ;he had no' evidence, to. offset the
.woman's claim that she was born in Cal
ifornia, j He added .that' the woman', was
not responsible: for' the 4 , contradictory
statements made by her, for, the* reason
that she: was of unsound mind. v-
Chinese Slave Released.
The charge against George Abrams of
purchasing Government stores from sol
diers-was dismissed yesterday by United
States Court Commissioner .Heacockion
motion of Assistant United States Attor
ney Banning, who stated that he had been
unable to secure any evidence against, the
accused. \Lippman -Abrams, the other de
fendant, was ordered to appear for exam
ination on July 2 at 10 a. m. The United
States Grand Jury met and adjourned yes
terday., without having transacted any
business. : i: . . ' '.;¦.'¦*>.
George Abrams Discharged.
'¦,»¦ • ¦ ¦ ., — — ¦>'--;
Herman's hat sale will begin. Remember
this sale will" be for three days only — to
day, to-morrow and Friday. No further
notice .will be given. ' 5000 hats, all cele
brated makes, such as Stetson, Dunlap.
Knox or.Youmans, must and will be sold
at once, for Saturday the sale of the
Brown Clothing Co., that will necessarily
be Interrupted for these three days, will
continue to sell" men's all-wool $20 suits
for $4 65 a suit. In conclusion will say
that, prices are no object to me, and will
say right here that even 50c will buy a
good, stylish $2 50 hat at the assignee sale
of the Boston, 773 Market St., near Fourth.
P. C. Kelly., Assignee. . .;•/¦
This Morning at 10
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N
W., WASHINGTON. June 18.— Rear Ad
miral Robley D. Evans has replied to
complaints officially made against him by
former Secretary of the Navy Chandler in
a way the latter will not like. !
In his book, "A Sailor's Log," Rear Ad
miral Evans states that while he was in
spector of the Fifth Lighthouse District,
with headquarters In . Baltimore, he re
fused to pass a disreputable politician ex
amined for appointment as light keeper,
and because of this was punished by Mr.
Chandler, then Secretary of the Navy, by
being relieved and placed on reduced pay.
'.'The navv had in some ways degener
ated into a job lot— at least in the eyes of
those. who used it for their own purposes,"
the admiral said, "and was sometimes let
to a very low bidder."
Admiral Evans also referred to the revo
cation by the Secretary of a year's leave
of absence granted him by the Acting
Secretary.
Former Secretary Chandler takes excep
tion to these comments and explanation
and in a letter to Secretary Long, which
shows a desire for retraction, has I sug
gested that Admiral Evans would prob
ably be glad to see a copy of the original
order. \
The officer has replied that he has no
wish to examine the official record, and
there the matter stands. It Is now for
Mr. Chandler to take the next step. Sec
retary Long is disgusted with this latest
"tempest in a teapot," and will do noth
ing.
Mr. Chandler asserts that Admiral Ev
ans was detached because Mr. Folger
then Secretary of the Treasury, verbally
requested it, profanity being one of the
charges made against the naval "officer
An examination of the records of the de
partment shows that two ' sets of orders
were Issued to Admiral Evans, the -first
having been h,eld by Secretary Folger and
never delivered and the second having
been sent direct to Admiral Evans after
the adjournment of Congress. • Friends of
Admiral Evans point out that had - Mr
Folger considered him objectionable he
would have promptly transmitted the first
set of orders, relieving him from light
house duty, instead of holding, them sev
eral months in his office.
•Admiral Evans declines to discuss Mr
Chandler's 1 complaint.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Fighting Bob's" Me
moirs Anger Former
Naval Secretary.
EVANS CLASHES
WITH CHANDLER
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Mrs. Thomas W. Church has sent out
cards announcing the marriage of her
daughter Edna to Allan Curtis Hoffman
on Sunday, May 12, at 119 East Twenty
eighth street. New York City.
The marriage of Miss Mary Walsh and
Richard O. Gaynor, both of San Fran
cisco, will take place at St. Clare's
Church, Santa Clara, June 26.
The fifth annual family excursion and
picnic of the National Association of Mas
ter Plumbers of San Francisco will be
held on Thursday, June 20, at Bunker Hill
Park, Los Gatos. #
Miss Rebe Levison- left last Saturday
for Tallac and Lake Tahoe.
The Misses Hattie and Evelyn Levison
have gone to Glenwood Park and Santa
Cruz. Mountains, where they will spend
their summer vacation.
Mr. and Mrs. E. O. Rieser will go to
Gllroy Hot Springs.
Miss Theresa Michaels left town last
Saturday for Vancouver, B. C, where she
will spend her summer vacation.
Mr. and Mrs. Hugo Mansfeldt have re
turned to Berlin from Vienna and Buda
pest. They will remain in Berlin until
July 1, and then spend some time at the
lake resorts of Switzerland and Northern
Italy. _;
Mr. and Mrs. Leon Carrau and family
are at Santa Catalina Island. Later they
will make a tour of Southern California-
Miss Sarah Lubosch has returned from
a pleasure trip to Los Angeles and Stock
ton. •
Mrs. Orville B. Caldwell and Mrs. A. H.
McDonald and sons of Oakland are spend
ing' the summer at Pacific , Grove.
Abe Abrahams and wife and child are
at Howell Mountain for the . stfmmer.
The evening's, fun will terminate with a
roaring farce entitled "Quo Vadls Up-to-
Date." Mr. Gllson will be seen to advan
tage in his impersonations of Casey and
Ursus. Mr. McCormack will be cast in
the role of Marcus. Vinltius.
There will be more than fifty people on
the stage and this entertainment bids fair
to eclipse any of its kind in the history
of the cadets. Dancing will close the
evening's fun.
"Nothing is clearer in the history of dem
ography than the fact that localities, if
not climates, which were at one time fa
vorable to the recovery of the consump
tive patient later lose this beneficent
power and even become hotbeds of the
disease through cases contracting It on
the spot. That is, consumption, though
at first exotic, later becomes indigenous."
Fifth— The committee would Urge that plans
to prevent the further spread of this disease,
based on the bacillary theory of Its origin, be
devised and put into execution at the earliest
possible moment.
, In his paper Dr. Sewall said: V"j ;
Fourth — In the opinion of the committee, con
sumption was not formerly indigenous to Colo
rado, but has become eo through infection from
imported cases.
Third— Though the larger centers of popula
tion Ehow the greater number of indigenous
cases, no part of the State Is exempt from the
actual potential development of the disease.
Second— The disease, when developed here, is
probably less' yielding to remedial measures
than when Imported. , . .
First— Deaths from tuberculosis contracted
in Colorado form at present about 13 per cent
of the whole number of deaths from tuberculo
sis and about 2 Der cent of the general mor
tality. The disease may therefore be said to
be Indigenous to the State.
DENVER, Colo., June 18.— The discus
sion of consumption and the declaration
that it is indigenous to Colorado were
the features of the opening session of the
Colorado^, State Medical Society's thirty-,
first annual convention, which met here
this morning. Dr. Henry Sewall, presi
dent of the State Board of Health, report
ed for the committee on the subject,
"Tuberculosis ln Colorado." He said it
was increasing rapidly here. Drs. Van
Sandt and Whitney and many other
prominent physicians , protested against
giving out any such statement and claim
ed that Dr. Sewall's statistics had not
been numerous enough nor extending over
a long enough period to warrant such
conclusions. Dr. Sewall presented on be
half of the committee the following con
clusions:
NOTES INCREASE
IN TUBERCULOSIS
¦
Physician Says the Dis-
ease is Indigenous
to Colorado.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The farce is a clever satire upon the re
cent closing exercises of the schools. The
different parts that compose an* affair of
this kind, such as the opening address,
debates, class prophecy, essaj's and vale
dictory, will be given by the members,
costumed as charming young girl grad
uates. The programme is made up of one
continual round of surprises and is bound
to cause much mirth.
THE members of Company 1), First
Regiment, League of the Cross
Cadets, are preparing a clever and
amusing programme for their en
tertainment and dance at Native
Sons* Hall Friday evening, June 21. The
feature of the evening will be the repro
duction of a comic farce entitled "The
Graduating Exercises of the Hayes Valley
High School." This amusing little play
scored a pronounced success in its initial
presentation last February and the boys
received many requests for its repetition.
The entire piece has been rewritten and
rearranged and many new and amusing
features have been added. „
Madame Patti's reasons for wishing to
dispose of one of the most beautiful coun
try seats in the United Kingdom are said
by her agents to be twofold. In the first
place, she desires to spend a good part of
each year in Sweden with her husband's
relatives, and. in the second place, sh©
finds that the Welsh climate does not
thoroughly agree with her. Her life ln
the future will be spent in the country of
her husband's birth.
IXDXDON, June 18.— Craig-y-Nos Castle,
the residence ln Wales of Adellna Pattf
<Baroness Rolf Cederstrom), was put up
at auction this afternoon at the mart in.
this city. It was bought by Madame
Patti's agent for £45,000.
Mr. Dunn said everything went smooth
ly and that the yacht would go out every
day. His Immediate racing plans are not
determined, but he probably will not take
the Constitution to Glencove or other
events on the round arranged for this
month.
• •
PATTI WILL EJETAIIT
•WT/R. W11LSH RESIDENCE
Sails Back and Forth Between Bren-
KEWPORT, R. I.. June 18.— After being
laid by for two weeks for repairs to her
broken steel mast, the Constitution re
sumed her tuning work to-day, going out
side and sailing back and forth between
Brentons Reef lightship and Point Judith
for about four hours. The trial to-day,
while testing the repaired mast and rig
ging to some extent, was more especially
for the benefit of the crew, for during the
time practically every sail in the locker
was set and taken In.
tons Beef and Point Judith.
CONSTITUTION RESUMES WOEK
Company D" Preparing for Entertainment at
Which Two Successful Farces Will Be
Presented by the Best of Amateur Talent
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
TO PRESENT FARCES
WASHINGTON. June IS.— The Russian
Embassador. Count Cassini. has com
*n.unlcated to the State Department that
in. consequence of the action of the Amer
ican Government through a treasury or
der of March 9 last, applying tariff re
strictions against Russian petroleum im
ported Into this country, the Russian Min
ister of Finance, M. de Witte, has issued
an order, dated June 7, imposing the hlgTi
tariff rate of the Russian schedule upon
American resins under article 82 of the
Russian tariff law and increasing the rate
on American bicycles under article 173 of
the Russian law.
This action is entirely apart from that
taken in connection with Russian sugar
and Is a new development ln the discrim
inatory duties Imposed by this Govern
ment and the retaliatory duties Imposed
by Russia. The order of the Russian
Minister is to take effect next Friday,
or two weeks from the date of its Issu
ance.
At the Treasury Department it is stated
that the Imposition of a duty on petroleum
•was not a matter within the discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasury, but was
made mandatory by the Dingley tariff
act, which directs the Secretary, in case
any foreign country imposes a duty on
petroleum Imported from the United
States, to take corresponding action. This
Government, in compliance with the law,
imposed a. duty on Kusslan petroleum. In
no sense, it is stated, can this duty be re
garded as an unjust discrimination
against Russian petroleum, as that coun
try took the initiative against the Ameri
can article. Had Russia not taken this
Btep her petroleum would have been ad
milted to ths country free of duty under
the terms of the tariff act.
It Is said the American trade in bicycles
and the resins specified is quite large ln
Russia, so that the increase-i duties would
bear heavily upon these branches of the
American trade. As a result representa
tions are being made in behalf of these
manufacturers to the State Department
to intercede with Russia for an abate
ment of the high rates.
The text of the Russian Embassador*s
letter, as delivered to the Treasury De
partment, follows:
•W-ASHTN-GTOIC. D. C. May 26, lSOL—Sec
retary of State: The Federal Government
having by circular dated March 9, 1901, ap
plied article 626 of the American tariff to
Russian petroleum.^ the Imperial Government
has Just Informed me that the Minister of
Finance of Russia has taken the requisite
eteps for the application of the advanced rates
of duty to the following: American products
entered Into Russia:
<1) White resin, or colophon, galipol, brew
ers' pitch, article t2 and (2) bicycles, article
173 paragraph 3.
This measure will go Into effect two weeks
from the date of its promulgation.
CASSINI.
The present duty on articles under the
first head of the resin family is 30.8 cents
per pood, or 36.112 pounds. Bicycles are
now taxable at the rate of $9 26 each. The
imposition of the maximum rate adopted
advances these figures by just 30 per cent.
This latest retaliation on the part of
Russia emphasizes the issue which had
arisen previously over Russian sugar. Ow
ing to the tariff war growing out of the
sugar decision pressure has been brought
to bear upon the Government through
commercial and industrial channels to se
cure an adjustment with Russia. The sit
uation, however, is such that the Govern
ment does not feel Itself able to move ln
'the direction desired, at any rate at this
moment.
and Bicycles.
Regards the Bar Against Her
Petroleum as Unjust
Discrimination. .-
Russia Piles Up Duties
on American Resins
MERRILY WAGES
THE TARIFF WAR
Harriman also expressed himself re
cently in regard to the abolition of poll
tics. He firmly supports Hays ln his
stand, and has reiterated that the South
ern Pacific Is no longer in the political
arena. Herrin must therefore drop all af
filiations with politicians and devote his
energies to legal matters. ¦, . • •'.
"With the new policy the Union Pacific
and the Southern Pacific will work in
harmony. The Union Pacific will push
with vim the new extension it is
building between Salt Lake and Los An
geles, and when this is completed the
roads will be in closer relations than
ever.
The inside facts of the removal of Su
perintendent Wright of the Sacramento
division are becoming known. "Wright and
Kruttschnitt for a number of years were
the best of friends. A difference arose
regarding politics and Wright, with the
Influence he had at that time, made every
effort to subordinate Kruttschnitt' s' judg
ment to that of Herrin. He failed, and
Kruttschnitt acted up to- the old ad
age of "he laughs best who laughs
last." Kruttschnitt simply bided his time
and when his opportunity came he
brushed "Wright aside with a . word. He
waited till he found that Hays' was his
friend, that he would be supported by the
President in any order that he made, and
then he called for Wright's resignation.
A howl -went up, both at Sacramento and
from the political henchmen of the rail
road. Influence was brought to bear in
behalf of Wright, but it was of no avail.
The division superintendent Jiad to go.
and it was directly through Kruttschnitt's
orders. * . _
Stubbs Win Arrive Here To-Bay.
J. C. Stubbs '.will arrive this evening
from New <York. He returns to this city
to settle up his affairs .before assuming
command as traffic manager adviser of
the entire Harriman syndicate of rail
roads. His headquarters will be in New
York in the Equitable building. He will
still act as traffic manager of the South
ern Pacific. The Oregon Short Line and
the O. R. & N. have not at present a traf
fic manager, but these positions will be
filled by Stubbs. ,- •
The executive offices of the Southern
Pacific will be given up in the Mills build
ing in New York and the entire executive
headquarters of the company will be re
moved to the Equitable building. A mer
chant of this city who recently arrived
here from New York states that the exec
utive offices of -the Southern Pacific have
a deserted appearance. The signs on the
doors remain unchanged, even to the one
with "Collis P. Huntington, President,"
on it. ..
Harriman looks up<m Hays as a great
railroad manand feels assured that if he
leaves him alone and allows him to build
up the Southern Pacific on his own lines
it will be the Rreatest road in the world
in a few years. Hays in ' the • same way
looks. upon Kruttschnitt as a most capa
ble man, and the general manager will In
the future be*the chief executive officer
of .the Southern Pacific whpnever Hays is
absent from the city. - Numerous 1 an
nouncements have been made by Krutt
schnitt's enemies that he woum be re
moved, but the reports are erroneous. 3
The Call this morning is. in a position
to outline the policy that will be pursued
by the Southern Pacific In the Immediate
future under direct orders of E. H. Harri
man. The most important feature Is that
Hays, as president of the. road," is.
in command and that hia' power is su
preme. Any new rule that he may make
is, ln the mind of Harriman, for the good
of the road. Harriman wants all the of
ficials to know that he does not wish
them to come and bother him -with their
woes, as their complaints will be : re
ferred back to President Hays." This "has
special reference -to Herrin and his Inti
mation that the company will still remain
ln politics.
A personal friend of E. H. Harriman
has just returned from New York. While
there he held several conferences with
Harriman and was told plainly by the
great railroad magnate what his views
are in reference to running the Southern
Pacific. " . ¦ . • • ; ' . . : ,
Harriman^ Admiration for , Hays.
If Herrin Doesn't Like the
I New Fiat He May Re
sign His Job.
Rarriman Affirms Order
Placing Ban Upon
Politics. . ¦'.
HAYS COMMANDS
MUST BE OBEYED
*I* HEO ' JS AJN - Jt5* JL"C A.2N"tJXS>C/CJ -'.'¦•¦ W HJUiN JiittUA. JC '•-•*>¦ J U JNJfl- • 1 \) 1 «)0 1
ONE OF THE LEADING PERFORM
ERS AT COMPANY D'S ENTER
TAINMENT.
5
....Sails June 27, July 7. 17. 27. August «. 16
sR. W.HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Montgom'y.S.F.
LOWEST XV.^V'Z'XIS.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH tni ME iL3.
SS. COLUMBIA :.... N
Sails June 22. July 2, 12. 22, August 1
SS. GFO. w. ELDER
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rai! Line from Portland to nil
points East. Through fl=ket-» ?« n'l
J pcinttt. >»I1 rai' on «te«»mshi*» n«"i rail, a'
Only Steaxmahlp Xiin* *e>
O. #?. & N. CO.
"QUEEN"
""" FOR
ALASKA.
The PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP C<VS
Alaska Excursion Steamer QUEEN
Will Sail from San Francisco
WEDNESDAY, June 19. 11 a. m..
For SEATTLE and PORTS IX SOUTHEAST-
ERN ALASKA, including
GLACIER BAT.
TICKET OFFICE — ( New Montgomery st.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW Y0HK. SCTJTHA.MPT0N. L0ND0S. PASI9L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Et. Louis June 28j St. Paul ...... August 7
St. Paul July 10 St. Louis ....August 14
St. Louis July IT j Philadelphia.. August 21
• RED STAR LINE.
New York^and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
•Vaderland June 2C!Friesland Jnry 17
.Kensington July 3|Pennland July 24
•Zeeland July lOlSouthwark July a
•Stop at Cherbours. eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
. CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery rt.
AAAOnlA j?P i>A HAWAII, SAMOA, REV
oceanics.5xo. sasffls
SS. SONOMA fvla Honolulu) for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia
Thursday. June 20. 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti • . ,\
Wednesday. June 2S. 10 a. ra.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
...Saturdav June 25. 2 p. m
J. D. SPRECXELS k BROS. GO., eusral Agents, 327 Hartst SI
fian'l Passsnger CfEcs, 643 Market St., Pisr la. 7. PaciSc St
PANAMA B.R. "535?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin..? 103; Steerage. $4O.
S. S. Argyll sails Frl lay. Juno 33
S. S. Leelanaw sniis Monday, July (5
S. S. Argyll sail* MonHaT. Aug. 12 •
From Sea Wall (Section 1) at 2 p. us.-
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
.F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping: at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How.
ard-street wharf No. 3. 12 m.
TUCAPEL June 27 I LIMARI July 2S
AREQUIPA July 10 J PERU August 7
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 318 California street. .-.
BAL.FOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Pen. Agents.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For -the Coi>9 o? Gonorrhoea. Cleats.
. Strictures and analogous complaints.
of ths Organs of Generation.
Tries U « bottle. For a&Io by Orugs'-au. ,
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILO LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HOXOKONG. calling at
Kobe' (Hiogo), Xagasaki and Shanghai anl
(¦onnectlng at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
«1«y of tailing.
K« HOXGKONO MARU.Saturday. June «. lMt
FF. NTPPON MARU.. .¦Wednesday, July 17..J3S1
EP. 'AMERICA MARU.. Saturday. Aug. 10.1901
I Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
fr^lfiht and yassage apply at company's office
421 Market ftr««t. corner First.
•W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
day.; Sunday, -9:45 a. m... S:SO p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., . 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday.', 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. - Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing 'and of-
fice, ' pier 2, Mlsslon-st. . dock. HATCH : BROS.
FOR U^S. NAVY YARIT AND VALLEJQ.
'Steamers GEN.-FRISBIE* or MONTI^LLO
• 9:45 a..; m., 3:15 and 8:30 p.. m., except Sun-
BAY 'i AND RIVER STEAMERS.
¦vN BUCHANAN BROS. .
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento «>t
lj"DTTC!U17C FOR BARBERS, BAK-
JJAlU OXx£|O ers. bootblack?, bnth-
¦ .„,¦¦ houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers. ' cannora.
dyers.- nourmllls, foundries,- laundries, papr-
hangers, printers, painters, ehoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers,' tanners,- tailors, etc. ,
®VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been \ ln use over fifty
" years by the leaders of tho
• Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. - Positively . cure the
: worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses, j Insom-
nia, Pains ln Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, . a*/\ Varicocele orCon-"
stipation. Stop Ne *^ g B rvous Twitching
of Eyelids, Effects Z^.,™!. are Immediate.
Impart vigor and*** 11 " 0 - potency to every
function. Don' t get despondent : a cure is at
hand. - Restore small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box: 6 for $2 50, by mall. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes, cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.:
10 Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal. GRANT
DRUG . CO.. . 38 and 40 Third ' st.
Gus Cohn&Co.
(Near Fourth,)
755 Market St,
We have about 500 made-
to-order suits left on our
hands, mostly by discharged
volunteers. Big deposits have
been paid on them and this ex-
plains the sensational f rices:
825.00 Suits, $12.00
. 20.00 Suits, Q.5O
I8.O0 Suits, 3.5O
15.00 Suits, 7.OO
Selling begins THIS
MORNING, 9 o'clock.
Look for yellow signs on
the OPEN FRONT STORE,
High-Class
SUIT5
Begins our announced, sensa-
tional sale of
GOODALU PCTK1XS * CO.. Gen. Affentii.
10 Market lit.. Pin Francl«co.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
l '. Steamers leave Broadway
»U. Wharf, San Francisco:
WH»^ , For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
¥S53&fc Juce B. 10. 15. CO. 25. 30. July
SUP *3t!?"av B - Chance to company**
&& >M\ira steamers at Seattle.
fgASfiSi > M For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
fiflgl 7\f &3 C.)t Port Townsenrt, Seattle.
Tacoma. Everett. Anasor-.es
**" and New WhatcoTn (Wash.)—
T* li a, m.. June 6. 10. 15, 20. 25. 10.
July S and ev*ry fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
lor N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver tn C. P. By.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:10 p. . m..
June 2. 7, 11. 1«. a. 2«. Ju J y »• » nd «very nf tn
day thereafter. _
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
teles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Fundays. 9 a, m.
IPor Los Ana-eles. calling nt Santa Cru«.
Monterev. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port H^rtort
(San Ltil? Oblspo). Gavlota. Santa Barbara,
Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East San Fe-
dro. 'Newport (»Corona only)— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays. 9 a. m. : steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays.
For Enseriarta. Maitdatena Bay, San Jo*» del
r«bc. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7tb each
month. • . •
For further Information obtain company a
folders. .
The rompany res«ervs th« rltht to chantr*
i-tenmers. sailing: date* and hours of ralllm
without previous notice. • •-
TTCK'TCT OPFICIM New Kontiomery
street Hotel).
Aonouocemeat
t to the
Public
f|-|WINO TO THE FA-
vf vorable criticism and
many Inquiries received by
. . us from the Medical Pro-
fession and others Interested regarding: our
statement that the so-called Weakness of Men
Is not a weakness but symptoms of Inflam-
mation of the Prostate Gland (neck of blad-
der), caused by contracted disorders and early
dissipation; and that Loss of Vitality, Prema-
turenees, etc.. are' Invariably cured by pro-
cedures directed toward correcting: this Inflam-
mation, we . wish to state to these many in-
quiries, ln the. columns of the press, that It
takes approximately ten weeks to cure these
disorders of the male. The treatment Is en-
tirely a local one. as no drugging the stomach
Is necessary, and that the patient may treat
himself at home* under our directions. We will
cheerfully explain the plan of treatment to any
' reliable physician on request. The colored chart
of the organs, which we send free on applica-
tion to any one Interested ln the subject, will
be found a great advantage ln "Home Diag-
nosis," as well a» a study for all Interested ln
their anatomy. Very respectfully,
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| Fireworks WiiiF -FMPO I$l 1 1 U! " The GHsis " x
J] Catalogue llSPS!' an<a B^^QJpWmg Already Famous $
k » Just out— free on application |B ™ f II Tflt ¦»!*»- *V» a* °*- The new book by author of«J
J£ to Mail Order Department. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S QRANDEST STORE Richard Carvel; our price £l.2O. 5
I Sale of Fine Scotch Madras. I
* An astonishing offering to-day of fine Scotch Madras Ginghams; a correct and |
£ most desirable material for waists, skirts, suits and children's wear; 2r;oo yards i
x of one of the best imported makes; regularly i £c and 20c per yard; special ££gr* $
sale price for Wednesday only . • •• • • . - . . . /. ". I
\salc of Ebony and $1.35 Doll 98c S°* s ' 7^ J
* KUM * nanUieU Every little g : rl wants a summer doll to take on «T -? '}*Ma "5
* Wi antCUr e rteCGS* her vacation.' We have just unpacked anew <d2Tl/Of* •^ e Jf *
— let of jointed papisr mache dolls fresh from SultS 7Sti *rf(i&^>%. "*
$ fl fl I ft fi fl A flfl Europe. They are i8inchn long, have fine A , b f «§|ffiv *
f? V If vf 19 w b U u El bls i ue heads » sfcowin s t« th . » «P ln s e y«» we u ma d- wash fn&0wX 4\\\ M
i SW#.W I<S E If "riy wig; dr«ed m prcttv cWse; sritor" Suiti fcr boyi E ¦ \JfljW iXSft «
£ fill/? l j^/AyO X Wednesday on" 38O 3 t0 X ° ?™ ° f Ifj N* (fill/ "5
tf /ff"<\ I I I I 1/ ¦ 42fcOoTB £&*%IS which, if bought L-i"""^ V ~~ nMM *^' X
h /Illlllll I 1 I Thebalanciofa da^Vf &4S&M n S a]u wa /> )\\\i ; ; £
5 wMjIJIJ |j I . a v * manufacturer's ~ r ~ would have to be I -" / \* "
.VUy " V lins of Mani- . 4&O7 CZf% JT#nn sold at $i.*5 per ' | . W "S
If . J cure Pieces— about 500 in - %Pmm M •«#(# aW««#aT# suit, oa special ia!e -s* I 1 - 1 *
* ;';">* the lot— consisting of but- -~ to-day (Wednej- •*"-*¦ ' a^j
£ , \\ ton hook.-, mil files, shoe ESi*(&S&G$m "day) onlv— ' $
ft ¦ herns, paper cutters, hair curers, etc., having w^^ww^ "¦##»-* "^J^^'vT^ '«
J 1 ge nuine ebony or s'ag handles with sterling "ff^S. fOU " 1*
* ti'ver mounts, ako p'a'n handles, will b; olaced • *pM m WM%3%0m , 9
K on special fale to-day only at le'S <0 #*-^ _, ' —^—^— — — . • £ . Jf
j£ thanhaf th?ir regular prices, each M &G The Sale of fancy Eton SllVCrOd PlJrSQ *
% — liPl& Dresses at $ 1 4. 50 (dresses %mm~am~, j-»*« e x
i 4-Qo Drass Goods WW that have bcen from $2 ° "it" irftain* $
* SSSCm " JST - to £ 2 7-5°)> has been such f^v ISOm «
g English Mohair Alpaca. 'A a succcss that wc havc //VJV^. Long-neck chain S
I Anctherop-ortunlty to secure material for a 'If// Contlnucd " two days B Y\S\ «d neat Lint Purse, «
K. very infxpens-ve; Bathing Su't, Waist or / ill more. They cons : st of fl /' )\\« same style as In the £
I J Underskirt. We havc had so many calls for *iU>4 / the newest styles of gray All /JSl/ \ ft f^iP« ~£* ™-J g
I If this bargain since the fa!e a fcw weeks ago, /[ I A and tan A1™« Pl^vW If /5??2iK\| \\ ""v? K P , X
iS> .v » j rr 1 1 . \_A//\ ana ian "lpaca, v-nevior., Ji /*vC*3?vV*m ll on white metal a •
* that we made an effort to buy another lot VfV / / \ u Ai l j ! A55sS««&«^\ \l -i 1 e X
I Jf and have succeeded in obtaining two very \W \ ™ mCS V™> Cloth and J gg88gg|g U «P««» ** * *<*>* S
jf' •. prettv shades of navy b'ut: (me J ium and . <ZfW \\ Venetian; charming sum- 1^^^^^ I, /wj j ! X
If d^rk), and some Wack; about 6oo vards <j^\ \\ mer Styles: charm- II SffilliSSI H ..v *
J» Wednesday only; per yard..,. 4*f)_ // \\\ colors mostlygray, V^ chain co»pUte— J
*>". .....;..... £m %2Q / % I i\ tan rown an^ f On
•? _ _ ~ " ( % . , ,¦ j 1 \^^ Rrcen navy, S
Z SOc Over collar 16c. s s^_JL>^ but some black. •
If 100 dozen Aiabian Lace OvercoL'ars; in ecru; I All have pretty trimmings of some WfitlntJ Pa/tCI* IS Cm S
If - a brautiful heavy lace; far superior to the kind; to-day and tO-moiTOW the last m «»« mm^m mm^ \
* ordinary embroidered kind; regu- j ; , M DltJ VQlUGm %
|. ; . lar va'ue S oc each; special ,0-^? IOC T^ ¦ Si4tmSO We off,r to^ay a few hundred pound, of fine |
JC B Z Z ~ w '.' ' ' qnaity Writing Paper in the latest Winthrop 5
5 Untler mUSlm $l-50 Colored Underskirts 98C— Deep shape, in Imperial white, Napoleon and Gen- %
•£ Specials SifirtS accordion plaired flounce mercer-, darme blue tints; an exceptional good JI
% 92*5, Aprons 25c. g^||g S
* -*-<~T>^ Ladic? 1 La-tfe • " i«j • it n- mi Envelopes to match, 2 packages for. 'fS** •*
U /?aTD • La*n ApronJ- m solld COIor J looks llkf slIk ! «gu- ># [ M&C •«
*•¦ /'l\ N '^>r Sa ' Hemst!tched al1 y 5i-5°5 to-day and QO-^ jj
Jtf '<lf/\\^^\\y around bottom an i to-morrow only . . JrCPw «¦ __ «,_»-.,—, 4O« '2
jc .kl\\Jj\jXr up thc "^.^ns 8 :¦'¦ . . : . onoe Bags, £&Gm j
» "it&j/'l i I I j kT'^^ hemmed and hem- "_^ "' " m '''-'~ '- __• ' _ These brown linm, 8- f« "\, f , , *\ Jf
K ; .. *£i4UM^£k sti ' cfce . d> were4OC ' Family Scale SSc. poc ket shoe Bags, fWr^\ 5
ft /V ¦ 4-j , JI Ji uJ' i sS^ A a special value at _^— __ » ..**, . , .,.,¦• , £¦ \ •
» "**< t^ r i tS y^ — «-.fl ii VCr^ m s P ccla * *-^ tound with reJ [ g.. j^ \ X
$ 2&G ZS^- jfi*^ —preserving time is tap . and stam?cd ; n 1 Jn IT 1 >J
%£• i j. . riT, _- , . ¦ 1 1 frii* ieie. You will n:ed . r ' vPi I! }) j aW^t i A B "«
"Ladies Skirts— Fine cambrc,^ with two inser- H a good sca'e for weigh- a varetv of a PP r °- 2&!\eTfllJf W X
fc . tions and deep edg 5 of point de Paris lace, ing sugar and !ruir, and prate designs, re 3 u- H V I i V X
h full under and du<t rufflr«;jpr«. ha, always they are ueW aU the Jany 35c each, spe- "^^T^f^ X
I %£ s^.T.$2.2B-m^^^£jz --r v - ?WH
* Sale of Flour antl £BB& *£. "&£ 2Sc UL_JLJ-^|
» OfHfW Gfnr*f*r»i*ac ¦ dia', has a heavy tin X
*S ' " Ul»*SB-M9ffSS m scoop and wiU u weigh accurately 24. lbs by Mtif V*J t*Z>4fot*9» *
J Sperrys Best, Drlfttd Sinw and Golden Gate, ounces; re gu'erly |x. 50 each, 8? e- *%f%JL n ° J WVeatner . X
JJ all popular brands of high 'grade flour that cial to-day only ....'....... tfOv Gs*OGfc&i*V SjSGGfStlSm X
If . sell regu'arly at 93c per sack, on Oaffi^«k ' • r e 1 « • . t J*
t? special. sa!e to . da y only &QjG : ~ Berry or Ice Cream Set- Pretty pointed shap;, x
So n-t. l t? . B3f**m.it~* AuAMoffe 1 Ct~* o-inch Berry Bowl and six c-:nch, pointed X
Bacon-The best Eastern sugar cured to-iay, BOyS UVCrallS, 19C apc> &%hei , new raised deVpn; a 90c J
*f _ P er lb :............. ...:t5l4o Well-made, brown, denim, bib overais; riveted jet of 7 p:ece3, special to-<fa/ JM *J -^ «
A Corn— B-st\Vestern, to-day, 3 tins...; 24C ", a nd made, extra strong, to s'and hard wear; only ' ...... ' *T £ G X
S Corn- B -it M«ne, to-day, 3 tm.; ...;,3IIO • me; 3,4. 5 *»d 6 >"«; regularly 4**^ i. m '«"^V^ •«•••••?•• .
5» Choice Tea— Ether uncolorei Japan, Engi.h 25c- to-day only. . B 3?G Lemona . de X
Jf Breakfast cr Green Japan Tea, extra quality, ' " * "*: et " 2
K RoUe'd Oats-Brst'Eist^n', "per 'lb ..'.'... 3 C Karfalf £ilhum<5 picture, tall A^flM ll S
5 Boneless Sardine,-PenaroC-th= best TnT- KOUaK f*BBJUmS, ptcher> 6 M^ 3 X
J^ port:d, ; none better in the market, hrge tins • 5 Qq ValUeSj IS Cm passes with w\\ffW ft
>f C/0re#— Good"b(idied'w:"nei'sp'cciaito-dav Handsome.y bound Kodak Albums that will new rased \^ X
X only, galon ' 33 G h °" d iw^ v - VA^Vz ko 'ak p\:ti:iei; jus: design, to- {3ra^55^sS^rM5> X
»" Wil'.on Rye Wh/skey— R-gularly J1.2; a the thing to fill with your kodak pictures to gethrr with > 5^CS£yJg2&^j£3^ "J
ft bottle, special to-dav only.. ... ff send as a m;m:nto to friends a: a dktmce; a silvenne [*. ' £
£ Domestic Stout or Porter- Reguarly 51.25 regulariy 50c each; rpecial to-day < £* tray, the comp.ete !«!c o 'uaryprt %
6 a dozen to-diy only Q5g "^ ••-•• »VU $1.33. "^y «#C#Cr,Jr
COMPAGNIZ GENEBALE TRAN3ATL ANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .j,,.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <f5rjVTVk
Saturday. ¦ at 10 a. m., from pier 42, -***&*<*
North . River, foot of Morton street; La Bre-
tagne, June 27; La Champagne, July 4- La
Gascogne. July 11: "La Lorraine. July 18.
r First claes to Havre. $55' and upward. Second
class : to - r Havre, -S45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York.. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket 'Agents.
?Twin Screw Express Steamers.
THE EMPORIXTM.
THE EMPORIUM.
OCEAH TRAVEL.
OCEAN T3AVEL.
'I'H H TTMT>O'Pr.L \ ' "^-SUMMER; RATES at Hotel del Coronafio,
Coronado Beach, Cal.'. . effective after April -15,
$60-for round '.trip,, including 15 days at" hotel.
1 Pacific Coast S. S. Co.', i New. Montgomery st.
• There is still a good deal of -talk going on about
Edison's ; new storage • battery, but as there i has been
asyel-^no public test'the chances are the inventor has
put it in cold storage to await further developments.
It is announced thai the Parisian police have been
instructed to compel cabmen 'to put some restraint
upon their language; but it is safe to say the enforce
ment of 'the order; wiU : set" the cabbies to swearing
wort*; than ever . 4 ..-.¦¦ '
Some surprise has been expressed by New York
papers that a recent picnic held by the anarchists of
that city was one of the most orderly affairs of the
kind on record, but they seem to have overlooked
the probability that the anarchists arranged the pic
nic expressly to have a change from their every-day
life. ' /: - •'• ' ¦¦¦>; : - ¦ ¦ ¦
We want.no commercial, fiscal nor political incor
poration of;the islands- and their people with us, and
it is the duty of the -American people to resist the
first step toward that end, which is "the free trade
proposed.
Governor Allen of Porto Rico has discovered this
in that island, where the bar to progress is the tropi
cal inertia of Jhe people. The sooner these physical
facts are known and admitted by,Americans the better.
' Physical, facts- are stubborn things. They do. not
yield to statutes and resist decrees. Every nation that
owns tropical possessions has found 'it, necessary to
work them for profit by some form of forced or ser
vile* labor.] ' .We ,- know .of nothing in the nature of
things that will >ever make our,: tropical possessions
an /exception/ ~ . ;. '¦¦'...¦ , '.'' • '. v-
0'UR contemporary, the Chronicle, is convinced:
¦ that law s can raise tropical wages to the level;
of wages in the temperate zone and equalize
the conditions of production. There is no instance
on record to. prove the case. True, the Chronicle
professes 'to have discovered that free .trade with Ha
waii has raised plantation wages higher than the
wages of agricultural production in California, 5 but we
are inclined to think' that this discovery is~ the fruit of •
zeal rather- than the statement of a fact.' If a fact, it ¦
disproves that which it is, intended to, establish, since,
if Hawaiian wages are -higher, there is inequality in
stead of equality as a res'ult of common fiscal ar- •¦
rangements. , - •;. ¦-"' »'."'.¦ . _-¦'¦_
Last fall there was widely published the joint con- .
elusions of an enterprising Chinese business man and
an American in Luzon,, that. the industrial .develop
ment of the Philippines must be wrought by Chinese
coolie labor. Both agreed as to the worthlessness of
the native labor. "They proposed to introduce a large
coolie population,; which the Chinese gentleman de
clared would, by its labor, make the islands the richest
part of the world. .-They agreed that if dependent on
native labor the islands would never be. of commer
cial importance. v . ¦ ! .
FISCAL AND WAGES.
It is indeed a sad situation when men; some of
whom have held the highest office -in the gift of the
people of their State, others of whom, have served
valiantly in war, and all of whom are men of ability
and patriotism, admit they- are without leadership or
means to 7 contest against a scheme fraught with ¦ so
much injustice to one-half the population and carry
ing a menace to: all. That is the evil that has be
fallen "the South from the unchecked dominance of a
The two former Governors do not stand alone in
the fight. One of the most prominent Confederate
veterans in the State has recently, written a letter to
a member of the convention, saying: "The whole
scheme is of partisan politics, and in my judgment,
can be defeated. . But this defeat cannot be" accom
plished by Republican opposition. Tt^ must be done
by Alabamans acting independently of either.' party,,
on the platform of justice and obedience, to the su-.
preme law of the land. * * * The politicians have
organized this movement. . Our opposition is without
leadership -or means to contest. The negroes are ex
cited, anxious, but fearful to contend. It is a sad
situation. In my last talk with General Gordon he
said it would be the wildest folly for us* to attempt
to disfranchise the negroes." ¦
Ex-Governor Johnson of Alabama has declared his
opposition to any unfair treatment of the negro, and'
proposes a poll tax and educational qualification which
shall apply equally to both races. Ex-Governor Jones
takes a similar position on the question, and in a re
cent letter said: "It is true that under the qualifica
tions proposed a good many negroes can vote; but
there will probably be not enough, even if badly dis
posed, to exercise evil control. The plan seems to
be the only feasible and practical one, if the restric
tions of the constitution and our pledges are-sub
stantially complied with. -Besides, I do not believe
that it is for the good of either race that the negr8
race should be shut out from all hope, and that every
individual of the race, no matter what his good char
acter, intelligence and interest in the community, shall
be forever debarred from qualifying himself to vote,
in a Government which taxes him, punishes him, reg
ulates all his concerns, and in case of need would de
mand of him to give his life in its defense."
THE SOUTH AND THE NEGRO.
FROM a number of Southern men of prominence
and influence in their various localities there
have come earnest protests against tlie schemes
of the Bourbon politicians to virtually disfranchise the
negroes by the establishment of constitutional qualifi
cations so cunningly drawn as to shut out black men
from the polls while admitting white men of every
grade and degree.
Choice' candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotal*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and .public men by tfc*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
A woman never sees a new freckle In
the looking glass that doesn't wonder
why it is that the Lord lets there be so
much Injustice in the world. — New York
Press.
Are You "Of the Old World"P
Everything pertaining to the New "World
may be easily and cheaply seen at the Pan-
American Exposition, and the best way to
Ket to Buffalo is by the comfortable trains
of tha Nickel Plate Road, carrying Nickel
Plate Dining Cars. In which are served Amer
ican Club meals from 33c to $1-00 each. Book
free, showing pictures of exposition buildings.
Hotel accommodations reserved. JAY W.
ADAMS. .P. C. P. A., 37 Crocker building.
San Francisco. Cal. \
It is reckoned that the household and
personal refuse of all kinds and street
sweepings of a town amount to about half
a ton annually per head of the popula
tion, or in London 50,000 tons per week.
A "CHANCE TO SMILE.
The greatest friend to love Is lone-
Every woman ought to be at least
twice as good to her husband as he will
let her be. . • ,-
The reason why there are so many old
bachelors is that there is no place like
home. ' ' v .
Only about half the women who have
beauty enough to go to the devil have
got brains enough to take a man along.
Ko matter how old she is, ! a woman
will alwavs claim that a man never 'be
gins to be* really dangerous till he Is past
her own age.— New York Press. ,
"Some people say." remarked the talk
ative barber, "that barbers are too fond
of conversation." ' ¦ •
"Oh! that's all wrong, replied the man
in the chair. "It's soliloquy they're fond
of."— Philadelphia Record.
'.'Newby Nobbs says he's afraid to get
married."
"Why?"
"He says that girls nowadays all look
so smart."— Detroit Free Press. .
A London physician called upon a lady
the other day to offer to vaccinate her
child. The lady refused. "May I ask/'
said the doctor, "what your objection is?"
The lady said she feared the transmission
of disease. '
"Eut, madam, said the doctor, we use
the purest calf-lymph." ' . •
"Then, Doctor -," replied the lady.
"that settles it, for we are vegetarians,
you know."— Pittsburg Dispatch.*
"Clara Is so unsophisticated about mu-
S "In what special way?"
"Oh at an opera she thinks singers
ought to sing so she can understand the
words."— Chicago Record-Herald.
Harry— What has become of that new
watch of yours that you bragged so much
about?
Dick— Oh, that's gone up the spout; but
I played a great Joke on the pawnbroker.
I destroyed the pawnticket; so I sha'nt
have to pay interest^on the loan.— Boston
Transcript. '.?,.'
"Hiram, I am considering a proposal of
marriage, and. as you have been coming
to see me for nearly six years, I thought
it would be no more than right to tell
you of it."
"Why, Bella. I— I have always wanted
to ask you , myself !"
"Why haven't you done it?" * -r,~ % :
"I— I haven't dared to. Will you marry
me. Bella?" v^
• "You dear girl!" (Pause, properly filled
up.) "Tell me, ¦ now, Bella, whose pro
posal of marriage you were considering."
"Yours, Hiram."— Chicago Tribune.
CALITOBNIANS IN NEW_Y0BK.
NEW TORK. June 18.— From San Fran
cisco—J. T. Baker, Is at the Morton; Mrs.
E. Barren is at the Holland; W. Coeggel
is at the Belvedere; C. W. Frankel i3 at
the Vendome; Mrs. H. Wetherbee is at the
St. Denis; ,D." Conlon is at the Grand
Union: W. Ellery is at the Astor; J. L."
Fichtaler is at the Imperial; C. A. Hitch
cock is at j the Cosmopoltan ; C F. Hoff
man and wife are at" the Hoffman; L. S.
Kauffman and wife are at the Savoy.
From Los Angeles— G. Rice Jr. is at the
Bartholdi. r
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, June 18.— The following
Californians" are" registered here: At the
St. James— H. A. Marrin; at the "National
— N. F.- Hall and' wife. All of San Fran
cisco. :
The movement of Chicago University to establish
affiliated colleges in Europe is a very good adver
tising scheme, but for educational purposes it would
have been better to establish them in the South, where
colleges are needed. . • : .
In this connection credit must be given to the pub
lic-spirited citizen who has taken the trouble to swear
out warrants for the arresl-of the schemers. Cashier
Smith of the Columbian Banking Company has not
suffered more than others from the frauds practiced
by the conspirators, but he has taken upon himself
the task of a prosecution which is to be for the bene
fit of a!L For that he deserves the thanks of the com
munity.
It is safe to say it will be a long time before any
such scheme will be again tried in San Francisco.
The eyes of the public have been opened. Hereafter,
when a deserving charity asks for support from our
people, there will be no fear that it is a scheme worked
for private interest. Our homes, hospitals and asy
lums will stand upon their own merits and will appeal
directly to the liberal and benevolent people of the
city. The result will be that* every dollar intended
for charity will go to charity, and not one of the
many noble institutions of the kind in San Francisco
will' have to content itself with a scant percentage of
that which the people are willing to bestow.
Bj' the exposure oi the gang who were so cun- .
ningly operating for private gain under the forms of
sen-ing public charities The Call has not only saved
the community from being defrauded, but it has pre
served the charitable associations and institutions!
themselves from a menace which threatened them.
Under the schemes of the entertainment promoters the I
charity that consented to lend its name to their pur
poses obtained only :» small percentage of the money
actually raised. Thus a wrong was done to the charity
itself as well as to the person who patronized the en
tertainment under a belief that all money raised was
to go to charity.
Since the matter is before the courts The Call has
no desire to prejudice the case of any one of the ac
cused. The story of the various schemes has been
published with the names of many, if not all, of the
persons engaged in them, and facts clearly stated
showing the deceptive character of the means resorted
to for the purpose of obtaining money. It is now for
the law authorities to gather that information and
present it in due form to the courts. The issue is
in fact with the law officers, and to them the public
will look for 7.eal and efficiency in prosecuting every
one of the guilty parlies against whom a citizen can
be found to make complaint
IN THE HANDS OF THE LAW.
BY reason of complaints sworn out against them
as parties to a conspiracy to obtain money
by false pretenses, a number of the men and
women who have been engaged in working up so
called charity entertainments in this city have~been
arrested and are now in the hands of the officers of
the law. That is one of the results of the exposure
made by The Call of the schemes of the effenders and
of their methods of working. It means that not only
has any further wrong at the hands of thesej?arties
been prevented in this or any other city on the Pacific
Coast, but that there is a fair prospect that some at
least of the conspirators will be punished.
POSTMASTER IN POLITICS— F. H., I
Dos. Angeles, Cal. There is no Federal
law or postal regulatfo'n that prevents a
Postmaster from 1 exercising his rights as
an American .citizen, as to political % mat
ters but is he should neglect his business
as Postmaster for the purpose of engag
ing in active politics, he would soon hear
from the postal , authorities.- The depart
ment is governed by the' circular letter
sent by v President CWfjland . July. . 14,
1886 to the heads of departments in the
service of the general government warn
ing them and' their subordinates 'against
"using their ifRcial positions in attempts
to control political movements in tnelr
localit ies." That letter contains ' the I fol
lowing sentence: "Office-holders are nei
ther disfranchised nor forbidden the ex
ercise of political privileges, but their
privileges"' ar,e not; enlarged nor 'is their
duty to party. increased to pernicious ac
tivity by ofnce-hoHing."
SUCCESSION— Widow, City. If a man
dies in California without leaving a will
and leaves personal property _ and real
pstate in several counties and States, let
ters of administration- should be applied
for in the county in which he died. Then
a certified copy of such letter should be
obtained by the appointed administrator
to present In other places where property
is located in order to obtain the admin
istration of the estate wherever situated.
An application for letters would -have to
be made In every county where the prop
ertvis to be found in the name of the de
cedent In California the property of an
intestate is governed by the law of suc
cession If he leaves a widow and one
child the property goes to the. widow and
child in equal shares, to the' exclusion of
all others. * ., ......
PRESERVATION OF . SKINS-W. H.,
Occidental, Cal. To preserve skins with
the fur on the- following is given as a
method- "Mix bran and soft water suffi
cient to cover the skin. Immerse and
keen .covered for twenty-four hours; then
rlmove wash, clean and carefully scrape
off all flesh. To one gallon of hot water
add one pound of alum and one-quarter
pound of salt. When dissolved and. cool
enough to admit the entrance of the hand
in the solution, immerse the skins for
twenty-four hours; then dryand rub the
skins after which immerse for twenty
four hours in oatmeal and hot water and
finally rub until entirely dry. This leaves
the skin like white leather and fit for im
mediate use." This department does not
know from practical use 'the efficacy, of
this recipe.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
ROMAN NUMERALS— A. C. S., City.
Any arithmetic will give you information
In relation to Roman numerals. The sub-,
ject is also treated in the encyclopedias, j
i TO HAVE 1 LOVED— Constant Reader,
City "/Tis better to have loved and lost,
than never to have loved at all," is from
Tennyson, "In Memoriam, part 27, stan
za 4. '
AUTHOR WANTED— A constant reader
wants to know in what book or poem he
can find the following:
True worth shall gain-me, that it may be eaid
Desert, not fancy, once a woman lea.
FOURTH CLASS OFFICE-S.. San
Pablo, Cal. There is no law that requires
a fourth-class Postmaster, because- there
are private or lock boxes in his office, to
keep open after ordinary business hours.
WIDTH OF STREETS-A. W. L., City.
The numbered streets of San Francisco
from Tenth to Twenty-sixth are 64 leet
wide. By width is meant the space be
tween'the inner edge of the sidewalk on
each side. ¦ ¦. , ¦
MINT AND HALL OF RECORD-P,,
City. Positions in the United States
Branch Mint and in. the Hall of R-cord in
San Francisco are obtained throughxivil
service examination. In the first under
United States rules, and m the t>econu
under municipal rules.
BANK OF ENGLAND-G. W. H. The
Bank of England is chartered by the Gov
ernment' of England,' but it is not the
treasury of the English Government. \ You
can wme to the bank for any information
yoS may desire ,- without affixing ; an . an
bsSSVSS? J8SI -Hn i^r\K
tt^^^ ssra H
application for information relative to an
estate in England is to write to the pro
bate division of the law courts, London.
SAILORS ON SHIP-A. S., City. On
board ship sailors have to perform ordi
nary ship duties, watch and watch but in
case of emergency there As no limitation
to the time they are to wors. If a ship is
£t anchor and onja Sunday morning after
0 o^lock a sailor Should be called upon
to do any work which he considers un
necessary -he should do that work and
then Present a bill against the owners for
overtime. The time that sailors shall do
sailors 7 work is governed by deck regula
tions on each ship. On coasting vessels
in this State when, sailors handle cargo
they do not work more than nine hours.
tudes.
His heiresses Society.
•Tis his— one drop of sweet in bitter cup—
'TIs his alarum wakes my servants up.
His oil my lamp, his corn my belly fills.
He builds me my machinery.
And boards that tell the praises of his pills
Adorn my native scenery;
While in the Tube— so Yankeefied we are—
I ride perforce In his triumphal car.
He wins our races, teaches us to" ride—
'TIs true, I'm very sure it is—
Our markets find all stocks are dull beside
His versatile securities;
And near at hand, I hear, the period is
"When all our ships and shipyards shall be his.
He fills my kosmos, and I can but see.
As every Tom and Jerry can, . - _
Soon I, my kin, race, clime and land may be
Essentially American,
And I may own, of comfort quite bereft,
That there is nothing really English left.
' rt — M. S.. In London Chronicle.
AMERICANIZED.
I love my trans-Atlantic brother •well,
I hate his foes Infernally:
"With conscious pride I feel my bosom swell
When he greets me fraternally.
Yet might it not, I sometimes ask, befall
That his loved presence might begin to pall?
His kodak on my privacy intrudes.
His beef fills to satiety.
His canned goods crowd what late were soli-
H. F. Norcross, general agent of the
Hotel Cbronado, accompanied by his
wife, registered at the Palace yesterday.
They were ! married recently and are
spending their honeymoon In this vicinity.
Colonel "W. Forsyth.'one of the most ex
tensive- raisin producers of this State, Is
here from Fresno with his family and is
at the Occidental. : , \
R. B. Burns, chief enginer of the Santa
Fe, with headquarters at Los Angeles, Is
in the city. He has made the Palace hfs
headquarters.
Percy I* Schuman, a prominent attor
ney of Chicago, who Is heavily Invested
in mining properties In California, Is at
the Palace. . ¦
George Mitchell, a well .known mining
man, has returned to this city after an
extended tour of Mexico. He Is at the
Palace.
A. B. Hodman, a prominent young busi
ness man of "Woodland, arrived in the city
yesterday. Hs registered at the Occi
dental.
Congressman James McLachlan, whose
home is at Pasadena, registered yester
day at the Palace.
L. P. Warner, an extensive land-owner
of Auburn, is in the city on business and
is at the Grand.
Dr. J. J. Miller, a prominent physician
of San Jose, is In the city and is staying
at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas H. "Williams Jr.
sail from New York to-day on the Oceanic
for Europe.
Paul R. Jarboe came up from Santa
Cruz yesterday and registered at the
Palace.^ -., '
M. "Biggs Jr., a banker of Oroville, I3 at
the Grand for a few days.
C. W. Eastin, an attorney of San Jose,
registered at the Grand yesterday.
PERSONAL MENTION. •
In a certain way the assembling>of so large a num
ber of persons in the city appeals tb our business in
stincts as well as to our hospitality. With, the ever
improving transportation facilities between us and
the East, San Francisco becomes more and more ac
cessible as a convention city. It will be our own fault
if we do not make it the most popular city, in^ the
Union for summer gatherings of all kinds. The way
to accomplish that is to take good care of every con
vention that conies. The question of properly enter
taining the Epworth League is the issue before us
just now. Money is needed. San Francisco is rich
and liberal. Let the money be^protnptly contributed.
It is gratifying that arrangements have been made
to supply the v visitors with information concerning
California as a land Jor home-seekers as well as a
holiday. land for conventions and tourists. The Ep
worth League is made up almost, wholly of young
people of the best classes. The members represent
all kinds of business and professional life. They come
from the shops, the fields, the offices and the schools
of the country; they' are well trained 'mentally and
morally; are industrious, earnest and high-minded.
Such men with their youth and energy would be most,
excellent additions to our citizenship. It is safe to
say that among them will be many who have not yet
permanently settled in life, and consequently.' the.
chances for, California to wirumany of them to make
their homes within her borders are good.
It is estimated that the number of visitors who will
attend the convention will be upward of 30,000. The
time- when they will arrive is less than a month away.
At a meeting of the finance committee on Monday
evening it was reported- that the contributions up to
that time amounted in round numbers to $10,000. In
the judgment of the committee the arrangements for
the convention cannot be properly carried out for less
than $25,000. • There remains, therefore, something
like $15,000 to be raised. The sum is large enough
to show the need of liberality, but . it is a moderate
amount for a work of hospitality undertaken upon a
scale sufficient to meet the needs of such a host of
visitors. , •
OUR EPWORTH VISITORS.
AS the date of the arrival of the delegates to
the Epworth League convention draws nearer
the various committees in charge of the local
arrangements feel more and more the need of money.
The right preparation for so large a convention can
not be. made with scant funds, nor can the,commit
tees well afford to wait long for the collection of
money. Hence it follows there should be liberal con
tributions, and that they should be promptly made.
000,000. '
- In the Crimean war, with 97,000 men in the field, the cost
to her was $345,000,000. 1 "•
ing with but little intermission until ended by Waterloo, 1S15,
cost her directly and in subsidies to Continental allies $4,155.-
wounds and disease, 10,000.
LONDON, May 31, 1901.— British officers and men
killed, died from wounds and disease, 15,80O. Total
cost of war ti date, $715,000,000.
The conquest of the Boers has proved to be the most costly
war, from a money point of view, in which Great Britain has
ever c-nsaged.
-In the American War of Independence (1775-1783) Great
Britain $605,000,000.
The several wars with France, beginning in 1793 and last-
A WRITER in The Speaker . (Liberal, London) gives a dis
couraging statement as to the territory which the Brit
ifc-1- really hold in South Africa. "With Dewet's Inva
sion of Cape Colony," says this writer, "the policy of
'concentration along railroad lines' -was begun by the British,
with the result that in the fall of 1900 the condition of affairs
was that shown in-the second map. From this," he says, "It
is evident that we (the British) hold only the railways and an
insign'ficant stretch of territory on either side. Have we
really accomplished anything during the past year?"
The cost in life and money is aptly illustrated in these two
dispatches: - / . . ..
LONDON, May 31, 1900.— "The war is over." Total
cost of war to date, $350,000,000.
British officers and men killed in action, died from
THE ILLUSTRATION SHOWS THE CONDITION OF AFFAIRS AFTER ONE YEAR OF WAR IN SOUTH AFRICA.
THE TERRITORY DESIGNATED IN WHITE IS THAT HELD BY THE FORCES OF GREAT BRITAIN IN SEP
TEMBER, 1899, AND IN, SEPTEMBER, 1900. .
, It is announced that Minister Wu Ting Fang is to
make the Fourth of July address at Philadelphia, and
now if New York is not willing to be a side show in
the celebration she will have to get Somebody to
speak for her whose oratory has less of a chestnut
color than that of Chauncey Depew.
WEDNESDAY '. JUNE 19, 190 \
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
kttzta ill Ceraawdextions U W. B. LEASE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Prw» 2»4
11JIlLICATlO3f OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
ED1TOKIAL ROOMS 21" <o 221 SteTemon St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered l»r Carrier*. 13 Ont« Per Weelc
Single Cppleti. 3 Cents.
Terms by Mail,' Including Poitncet
DAILY CALI. <lncludlng Suncay), one year $*.W
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). « months... .1 *•*>
XJAIL.T CAXXi <lndu<Jinc Sunday). J months :.....— -. 1-50
I>AILT CAM*— By Single Month ®*j
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear *. 1 ' 00
All postmaster* are niithorlsed to receive *
•mbseriptfon*.
Eernsl* copies will be forwarded when requested, j
Kan .ratwcribeTB In ordering chanjr* of address should b«
particular to give both XEW AXD OLD ADDRKSS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKL.CVD OFFICE. J .1118 Broadway
• C C. CEOKGB lCROG^ESS.
Xaraew'weign AirerUsiiig. Xtrgiett* Building, Chiwso.
<Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2619." )
NirCT: TORK CORRESPONDENT: J
C C CABLTOX Herald Square
JCITW TORK REPRESKNTATI3TE:
tTErBK5 XX. SMITH SO Tribune Bnliainsr
2CITW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldcrf-Attcrla Hotel; A. Brentano. Jl Union S<raar-:
Uurray EIU HoteL '
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great' Northern Hotel:
Fremcst Hoose: Auditorium Hotel.
WAsnrrcTOU <x>- c.» okkice...i4o« a st., jr. w.
SIORTOX E. CRANE:, Correspondent.
BRATTCn OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, rwrcer of Clay, open
TTCtll 9:S0 o'clock. S00 Haye*. open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAIHrter. open until S:20 o'clock. 615 Larkin. cpen until
t:20 o'clock. lSi^Mlsi-loa. cpen until 10 o'clock. !261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
Bctll S o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until S o'clock.
Z3f» raimorf, <*r+n until 9 p. m. «
The water by which Mare Island navy-yard is ap
proached needs attention. That yard and its facilities
should be made approachable by our heaviest war
ships in order that repairs and construction may go'
on there. We desire to impress this deeply upon the
committee. There is a yard in which the - Govern
ment can most economically do a large part of its
own work upon its own ships, and public interests of
the first order require that this should be made
possible.
The rivers of the great valley of California require
attention. The committee should understand that 75
per cent of all the tonnage of California is affected
by water transportation. The San Joaquin, . Sacra
mento and Feather rivers share the haul with the rail
ways and one is a check upon the other. The rivers
are under Federal jurisdiction and require constant
and scientific attention. The navigation of the Sac
ramento from Red Bluff to Suisun Bay. and of the
San Joaquin to the same waters is of great im
portance to the people and should not be neglected
by Congress. If those natural . waterways were not
there the producers would be longing for canals to
carry their traffic. But nature has furnished water
ways, and all that man need do is to improve and
keep them open.'
Other work is required in the main bay, in the
removal of obstructions and the deepening of shoal
places in the ship channel.. . . ¦ ¦
What is needed now is just what Senator Perkins
and Congressman Metcalf have agreed shall be done.
The channel, from the. westerly end of the training
walls, is to be widened to 500 feet to Chestnut street,
thence 300 feet wide to Fallon street, with a depth of
25 feet the entire distance. Around the basin
the channel is to be 300 feet wide and 12 feet deep.
This will open a long water front to deep-water ships,
but will do no more than the growing commerce
requires.
The people of that town have stubbornly and suc
cessfully defended their position, and the tidal canal
is under contract for completion. Oakland's inter
ests and, secondarily, those of San Francisco, are far
away from a drainage proposition, and run entirely
to the completion of the harbor for commercial pur
poses. While sewage and the. mud carried by the
canal will require more expense in keeping the basin
and channel free, the pump dredge can do it. '
If the plans for that work were to "be. made origin
ally now they would perhaps be different from those
made in the beginning. The pump dredge would
make entirely unnecessary the tidal canal by which
San Leandro Bay is to be used as a flushing basin to
increase the tidal prism for the purpose of scouring
out the channel. If made now it would-be seen that
the whole Oakland basin and channel present extra
ordinary facilities for a harbor protected against the
inflow of mud, and that the tidal canal removes such
protection and opens the basin to receive the mud
that has shoaled San Leandro Bay. But' meantime
the sewer system of Alameda has been planned to use
the harbor_ basin and channel as an outlet to deep
water for the drainage of that city, and so the tidal
canal is considered necessary in order to make a
sufficient current to carry off the sewage of Alameda.
OUR RIVERS AND HARBORS,
THE visit to this coast of Chairman Burton, and
members of the Rivers' and Harbors Committee
is for public business and purposes of the high
est interest to California. '.They have already ex
amined the matters. with which they have to do. in
Southern California, along the midway coast and the
southern part of the bay of San Francisco. They will
now address themselves to those which concern the
larger commerce that enters by the Golden Gate.
The chief of these is Oakland harbor. The plans
for tj»at improvement-were drawn long ago by the
Government engineers, and , : the work has proceeded
fitfullj'. The expanding uses of that harbor have long
been treading upon. the heels of the work, until now
its completion has come to be a matter affecting San
Francisco and Oakland alike. Unless a certain and
valuable part of our commerce can find facilities there
it must soon 'leave the bay altogether and seek else
where the room denied to it on these waters.
It will be seen from these statements that while the
Bourbons dominate Southern politics at present, their
power is by no means secure. There is a growing
spirit of revolt against them all along the line, and
it may prove in the end that the very steps they are
taking to fasten their domination upon the' people
will lead to their overthrow.- : • " '
| It is to be rioted, moreover, that some Southern
men are of the opinion that to impose an educational
qualification upon the negro, while exempting the
white man" from it, will in the'end lead to negro supre
macy^ inasmuch it will set a premium upon education
among the negroes,! while no such premium will ex
ist among the whites. In expounding that view of the
question the Atlanta Constitution says: "The nation
building up its material resources must-eclipse the
one content with, the achievement of past ages. The
same is true as between races individuals. Ap
plied to the States of the South, while some short
sighted people-regard only the political aspect and
would legislate for white dominance thrdligh black
exclusion, the question must be. regarded in its larger
light. A partial victory gained, the rear contest still
remains, for the colored man going to college will be
better armed than the white man remaining in "the
field, notwithstanding the possession of the franchise
by the latter. Of what use>±o the white man is the
franchise if the negro possesses the key to every other
avenue of life which education, opens up to him?
While this white man may become a county Sheriff or
a Tax Collector, -the educated negro in possession of
the secrets of nature and skill can afford to pass him
by with somewhat of an air of
single party. In the whole ' commonwealth of Ala
bama there is no organized machinery to defeat the
schemes of political bosses. , The intelligence and vir
tue of the State seem' to.be about as powerless in
this emergency, as the negroes themselves. . : ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .WEDNESDAY, JUNE 19, 1901.
GONDITION OF AFFAIRS AFTER
A YEAR OF WAR IN SOUTH AFRICA
-Yes."
6
AUCTION SALES.
By G H- TTmbsen & Co.— Monday. June 24. at 12 o'clock.
Choice Property, at 14 Montgomery street. .
1TCW PUBLICATIONS.
Call vubacrlber* contemplating a change «f
residence during: the innimer months can hnvn
<k»tr paper forwarded by mall to their new
aldrcun by- notifying? The Call Business Office.
Tkli paper will also be on sale at all ¦nmxner
••aorta and la represented by a local a great in
«il towst •& the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIBG TOWS FOR THE SUMMER.
AMUSEMENTS.
Central— "A Night at the Circus."
Ttvoll— "The Toy Maker."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "The Importance of Being Earnest.'*
Alcazar — "Countess Valeska."
Grand Opera-House— "Gismonda."
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— S peclalties. •
Cnctes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
eveninr.
Fischer' •> — Vaudeville.
[The booK every- jK
| bo<£y is talHing |
I [^NCY^CAMJ-JAwYlR] 1
I AH» KASON'S CORNER FOLKS <|
whml k* w«a. wku h» cub* Ibr. tai km ffj
_ >m* k* tat«<M i» nay.' - H
u^The best Hew England
| story ever written. \
1 Over 100,000^
| Jit all booksellers \
P^ Clark Pub. Co. Boston. 5rinance Committee Decides That $30,000 Is Needed for Gen
eral Expenses and It; Is Expected That $25',poo v of
the Amount Will Be Raised by a Public Subscription
HIGHEST OFFICERS OF THE EPWORTH
LEAGUE ARE COMING TO CONVENTION
the convention. None of the money col
lected by public subscription Is to be used
for the entertainment of the visitors, as
all delegates will pay their own expenses.
It is arrange-i that about $3000 is to be
spent for promotion, $2000 for adminlstra
- tion, $10,000 for halls, meeting places, re
fitting and maintenance; $2000 for music
books, etc.; $4500 for decorations and J9000
¦ ¦ for general expenses, Including pro
* grammes, badges, traveling expenses for
The first of a series of four rallies to
awaken local interest In the convention
was held "at Trinity Presbyterian Church
Monday night. A pleasing musicaJ pro
gramme was rendered, after which the
meeting was addressed s by the Re?. J. A.
B. Wilson and the Rev. H. F. Brlggs.
Many brief speeches were also made by
members of ¦ the audience.
Market Street Railway Company, $2500:
San Francisco and Alameda County Epworth
League Alliances,. $2500; Palace Hotel. $1000;
Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar, $500; Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway Company, $250*
Murphy, Grant A Co., $250; Occidental Hotel,
$250; California Street Railway Company, $250:
Shreve & Co.. $250; Hon. James D. Phelan,
J100; Royal and Queen Insurance Company,
$100: Fireman's Fund Insurance Company, $100;
Goldberg, Bowen & Co., $100; Nathan Dohr
mann & Co., $100; Bank of California. $100;
Royal House. $100; Crocker- Wool worth Nation
al Bank and William Crocker, $100. Total, $8700.
The amounts, already subscribed are In
part as follows:
Some of the Subscriptions.
speakers, stenographic reports and other
Incidentals. Dr. Filben, general chairman
of the convention, states that he is of the
opinion that little difficulty will be expe
rienced in the matter of raising the de
sired amount. The city has been appor
tioned into districts .and the canvassers
are all at work to-day. •
According to the statements made yes
terday by the leaders in the strike of the
Ironworkers, matters remained In a pas
sive state/labor's ranks losing no men.
President McCabe of the Iron Trades
Council aireUSecretary Wislef of the In
ternational Association of Machinists, the
executive men In the; controversy, both
declared that neither side had gained nor
lost a point. :
Regarding: the calling out of. the militia
at Seattle to protect the men working In
the Moran Bros, shipyards, they claimed"
to have received no advices. On behalf
of the local machinists they desire it
stated that no member of any union af
filiated with the iron trades was con
cerned In an alleged assault made on
some men working in, the Golden State
and Miners' Iron Works on Monday night
at the corner of First and Market streets.
It was laid on the shoulders of some ir
responsible persons whom the union dis
claims^ ¦ !
Since May 20. Ironmolders' Union x No.
164 has received seventy-five new mem
bers. Despite the strained conditions ex
isting, the members of the union are go-
Ing to forget their troubles next" Sunday
and picnic at Fernbrcok Park. A big
list of gate prizes will be distributea,
many of these being contributed by the
firms and corporations for which the men
formerly worked. James McCormlck is
chairman of the committee of arrange
ments and F. Walker Is the secretary. •
The Upholsterers' Union is also prepar
ing for a picnic at Sunset Park on June
80, at which $500 worth of furniture will
be distributed to the guests.
The Journeymen Butchers' Union had a
long meeting at the Turk-street Temple
and was addressed by National Organizer
Jeff D. Pierce, who advised" the seventy
or eighty members present who have as
yet not been able to return to their em
ployment to "stand with their union." He
said: "If your bosses ask you if you be
long to the union say 'Ye3.' " He re
ferred to a strike on the New 'York Cen
tral Railroad in Buffalo a few years ago.
in which he said he took an active part,
and told how In the face of defeat Hfe had
brought the men around to a realization
of their rights. He strongly urged upon
the members of the union not to give up
the charter, but remain true to the cause.
. Sanderson, Ma^es Statement.
F. W. Sandersoi^ business agent of the
Journeymen Butchers' Workmen's Pro
tective Union No. 115, replying to the
statement made regarding him by Presi
dent H. C. Flageollet of the Retail Boss
Butchers' Association, says:
I wish to, disabuse the mind of that gentle
man of some errors that he haa fallen into,
and also to set myself right before the public.
It Is true that I was elected business agent
of the Journeymen Butchers' W. P. Union
No. 115, also that I distributed the most of
the union cards. It Is also true that I told
those who accepted ' the card that they could
display them or not, , Just as they chose — which
I was instructed to do by the executive com
mittee. Mr. Flageollet, with many others, was
very glad to "carry water upon both should
ers." He Informed me that he had some cus
tomers who would not trade with him if 'he
displayed the card, and " others who would not
trade with him if he did riot -have It, and that
he was going to plav the game of "now you
see It and now yoa don't. 1 '. "
As business agent I reported some of the
shops not keeping to their agreements by try
ing to beat the clock at both ends; some of
them would open shop at- 5 a. m. and keep
open. long after 6 p. m., but I asked the union
for a little leniency p.nd for further time before
official action should be taken In their cases,
as the agreements were new. It was net be
cause they did not display the union card.
Finally, it was not the union that struck,
but the slaughterers and some of the jobbers
utruck, and then the . union had to meet the
issue. "
I am not apologizing for the part I took In
the strike and whatever opproprium. If any,
th© citizens of San Francisco wish to cast upon
me, I am willing to bear, but as I am a mourn
er at that funeral, I should like the truth to
prevail. Respectfully submitted,
F. W. SANDERSON,
Business Agent Journeymen Butchers' W. P.
Union No. 115.
Officers of Laundry Workers.
The result of the election for officers of
the Steam Laundry Workers' Union re
sulted as follows:
President— Joseph F. Fogarty 750, Edward
Eldridge 86. Vice president— John Ward 249,
Martin Bull 79, Thomas Black 443, Ernest
Hughes I 45. Treasurer— Charles B. . Scully 718.
Recording and corresponding secretary — Thomas
Bersford 634, James Arata 101. Financial sec
retary—Hannah'Mahoney 702. Charles Flannl
gan 132. Sergeant at arms (two to bcelected)—
Fred Koch 246, Jack Cook 157, Albert Fairfleld
253, John Morris 83. Patrick Carroll 253. Pat
rick Lee 295, John Goodman 48, Dick Condon 197.
The Australian ballot system was uied.
The newly elected officers will be installed
at the next meeting of the Union.
Unions Elect and Install New
Officers "After Many •
Contests.
Says the Butchers Must
Again Revive the Old
Troubles.
STAND TO GUNS,
PIERCE'S ORDER
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and Si.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Sale
Lake City. For full Information ask U
il. Fletcher. 212 California street •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited"
Wella, Fargo & Co.'s .. Express objects
to paying into the city treasury $12,187 50
taxes on its franchise, assessed at $750,000.
Officials of the company obtained from
Judge Morrow of the United States Cir
cuit Court yesterday an order 'restraining
City and County Tax Collector Joseph H.
Scott from proceeding to the collection of
the delinquent tax by. the usual summary
methods. The restraining order will.be
gcod only during the lifetime of the suit.
The Tax Collector has been cited to ap
pear before the court" next Monday, morn
ing and show cause why a perpetual in
junction should not be issued.
The petition for the restraining order
was drawn by E. S. Pillsbury and Alfred
Sutro. attorneys for the corporation.. The
document alleges that the corporation Is
a creature of the State of Colorado and
has not been granted any franchise, privi
lege or immunity from'the State of Cali
fornia, and therefore has no franchise
here to be taxed. It is averred also that
taxes amounting to more than $15,000 were
offered- to be paid, by the company and
the coin actually tendered to the Tax Col
lector in payment of taxes due on other
property of the corporation. The respond
ent refused to accept any of the coin un
less the additional twelve thousand and
odd dollars for the tax on the franchise
was paid also '
Tax Collector.
a Restraining Order Upon the
"Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Express Obtainn
WILL NOT PAY TAXES
ON ITS FRANCHISE
A tmoker to celebrate the inauguration
of th« eight-hour day will bo held on
July 16..
General secretary, Arthur R. Andre; trus
tees — Mat O'Brien, John Horton and Conrad
Stein: finance committee— John Haase, Henry
Schnitsler and Charles Rahwyler: president,
William Cohen: vice president, Charles Rah
•wrler; recording secretary. Mat O'Brien: ser;
ceant at arms. Otto Wahl: Labor Council dele-
r ates— A. R. Andre, Val Brltton, William
Cohen; Retail Trades Council delegates— A. R.
Andre, Val Britton. Charles Oantert. Mat
O'Brien: local executive committee of the Pa
clfice Coast — William Cohen, J. Haa»«, J. Hor
ton. Mf.t O'Brien: Federated Trades of Oak
land deleRates— D. Johnson, Frank O'Erlen, II.
P. Reufs.
The union will affiliate with the San
Federation and the Teamdrivers' Execu-
Federation and the eTamdrivers' Execu
tive Council. • „. . . T
Local Union No. 102, Bottlers' Division
of the United Brewery Workmen of the
United States, has elected the following
named officers:
Master Barbers Meet Commission.
Nearly £50 master barbers met at 102
O'Farrell street to formally meet the
members of the State Barber Commission.
Messrs. Calish, Drake and Fleming were
present and spoke upon the necessity of a
general endeavor to elevate the profes
sion,- which they said would be their fu
ture aim. Cordial support in this direc
tion was promised." ...
The Coalyard Teamsters' Union was
permanently organized last night by As
sistant Secretary H. Gallagher of the San
Francisco Labor Council, who installed
the following named officers:
President, J. T. Blake; vice president. J. T.
Moher; recording secretary. J- La Torres; sec
retary and treasurer, E.' J. Reynolds; warden,
J. Hlceins; assistant warden. G. Pearcht;
trustee*— J. Noakes. J. McDermott ana A.
Holmes.
"When an old gentleman proceeds to
ppoil the Icy slide the small boy doesn't
f>el like saying peace to his ashes.
PEOPESTY SOLD FOB STATE
TO PRIVATE PARTIES
Owners Lose Their Holdings for Non
payment of Taxes of
. 1895.
Deputy Tax Collector McCabe yesterday
sold four pieces of property for the State
to private parties for non-payment of
taxes The sum derived from the sales
amounted to $870, of which more than $400
will revert to the city as its portion of the
delinquent taxes. The Property Is sit
uated in this city and was deeded to the
State in 1900. Application was made to
the State Controller, who authorized Tax
Collector Scott to sell the property.
Ex-Supervisor Aigeltinger was the pur
chaser for $510 of the undivided half of
an "irregular shaped lot on Point Lobos
avenue, on which the delinquent taxes
amounted to $10 23, together with costs in
the «=um of $13 50. Property on the north
line of J street, near Thirty-second ave
nue was bought by J. J. Dowling for $60.
taxes and costs due on the same being
S"3 43 J L. Hoffman became the owner
of a 'lot on Thirteenth avenue, near M
street, for $150, the costs and taxes aggre
ga The S m?st 48 valuable piece sold was a lot
on the north side of Washington street,
distant 125 feet from Stockton, which was
Sought by J. H. Clalborne for $300. The
delinquency was $187 37.
ALL of the prominent leaders of
the Epworth League have prom
ised to attend the convention to be
held here next month, and per
haps the best known of these are
Bishop Joyce and Dr. Berry. Bishop
Joyce Is a native of Indiana, and has been
a pastor of the Methodist church since
early manhood. He has held charges in
several of our largest cities, and ks con
ceded to be one of the leading lights In
the religious world. He has traveled ex
tensively abroad, and is the author of
numerous publications. He holds the
presidency of the national organization
of the Epworth League. His presence is
one of the chief attractions of the con
vention.
Dr. Berry is a native of Michigan. He
Is the secretary of the Epworth League
and the editor of the Epworth League
Herald, which has the largest circulation
of any publication for young people. At
the last general conference he would
have undoubtedly been elected to the
bishopric had he not withdrawn. He dis
charged pastoral duties in Detroit and
in other cities of Michigan for thir
teen vears. He then became editor of the
Christian Advocate, and from that he
went to establish the Herald, which has
been wonderfully successful. He is, very
energetic, and his work has accomplished
great good for his denomination and for
other religious people.
The finance committee In charge or tne
Epworth League convention, which is
Raffle committee— G. W. Splller. chairman;
Charles Seeburt, T. B. Mahoney. W. H. Mur
phy. II. M. Locke and W. J. Phelan.
Floor committee — James Mulhern, P. J.
Whalen, O. Lowenf eld, J. E. Hadrich; Charles
Kehoe, J. S. Sullivan, H. F. Logan, B. F.
Ames, Ed Zlske. Charles "Webb. Samuel Henry,
Thomas Mclntyre and Conrad Frieby.
Games committee — Fred Stanley, chairman'
L. I. Marks, C. W. Yost, M. Ott, James Hlck
ey, Frank Tyrrell, H. Hoffman, John Daley and
R. M. Locke.
Committee of arrangements— George W. Spll
ler, chairman; Charles McAullffe, secretary;
R. D. Beaton, treasurer: T. 13. Mahoney, Ike
Holz, "William H. Murphy, James H. Smith,
J. C. Murphy, Charles Seeburt. L. Bowen, H.
M. Locke, William J. Phelan.
Floor manager, 'James C. Murphy; assistants,
L. C Ames and C. de la Fontaine.
Over 300 prizes, many of them of con
siderable value, will be distributed. There
will be gate prizes, and the winners of
the various races and games will be re
warded. The programme of events in
cludes races for all classes, ages and con
ditions. The letter carrier who wins the
race for members will be presented with
a uniform.
Following Is a list of the committees
and officers of the day:
Judging from the extended preparations
which are now going forward, the regular
annual picnic of the San Francisco Let
ter Carriers' Mutual Aid Association,
which will be held at Schuetzen Park on
June 30, will prove a most delightful af
fair. All the outings which have been
given by the association have been attend
ed'with great success and the committees
which have this year's picnic in charge
are determined that it will surpass them
all.
to Make the Affair a Suc-
LETTER CAE.RIEHS WELL
HOLD DELIGHTFUL PICNIC
Committees Are Working Diligently
Rolla V. Watt, chairman of the finance
committee, says that he regards the re
quest for funds rather as a business prop
osition than as a solicitation for charity,
on account of the financial benefits which
will accrue to all commercial men from
It was the original intention of the con
vention financiers to start subscriptions
during the month of May, but owing to
the need of raising funds for the recep
tion to be tendered President McKinley
It was decided not to interfere with the
.success of that movement, In spite of the
disadvantage of delay.
It is calculated that the efpense of the
affair will be approximately the same as
for the Christian Endeavor convention in
1S97. The cost of that was in the neigh
borhood of $30,000. Five thousand dollars
has already been raised by various means,
and the public will be asked to contribute
but $25,000. The Christian Endeavorers
spent more than $1,000,000 In California,
and as there will probably be a larger at
tendance at this convention it is reason
able to suppose that a still greater sum
of money will be spent this time.
* Merely a Business Proposition.
* ¦ . *
now but little more than a month distant,
met at the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation building Monday night to consider
measures in rega/d to raising funds to
defray the expenses of the affair. Some
apprehension is being felt in regard to
raising the necessary amount with the
convention so near at hand, but the plans
of the committee are fully arranged and
some canvassing has already "vteen done.
Last evening Captain Seymour received
Information that Helen Barnrs had se
cured various sums of money from the
various breweries in this city.
The woman repr«>pent»d herself as one
ff the directors of "the San Francisco
Boys' Home." wh!ch is a concern run by
a man nam"d Hutchinson. Some of the
brewers will be seen to-day by the de
tectives, and it is honed that complaints
¦n-ill be sworn to which will prove that
H^Ipti Barnes and Donesrhy are fully en
titled to a terra in the County Jail.
In the event of a failure to convict all
the parries of a conspiracy to obtain
money by fraud, special charges of
obtaining money by fraud will possibly be
lodged against Doneghy and Helen
Earnes.
The expose cf the charity fakers by The
Call had the effect yesterday of bringing
forward persons who swore to felony com
plaints against Mamlock, the associate of
Doneghy and Helen Barnes.
In addition to that of H. A- Moss, who
was swindled by Mamlock out of $100, two
more complaints were lodgred-apainst the
missins: man. Mamlock. C. H. Morrell. of
room €3, Hearst building, charged Mam
lock with having swindled him out of $63
by means of a bogus life insurance policy.
Ex-Senator Lcavitt also charged Mamlock
with having collected sums of money for
him and having stolen the same. With
the charjros of felony against Mamlock. he
b wanted more than ever by Chief of De
tpctivos Captain Seymour. A general
slam was ispiifd for Mamlock, who is
supposed to be hiding in this and his
description was telegraphed to Los An
geles and Portland, in case he escaped
fr-irn the city on Monday.
Captain of Detectives Seymour Is most
r<os'.roT!s of convicting Doneghy, Helen
Barnes and Mamlock. The women arrest
<-d on Monday are rimply regarded as will-
Iric dupes, and while there Is no doubt of
their complicity in the swindles perpe
trated, the desire of the police is to punish
the leaders of the charitable frauds
As a result of the investigation Judge
Fritz decided to allow some of the women
to be released on their own recognizances.
Julie Howie. Belle Smith and Mrs. C. E.
¦\Vilcoac, who accompanied Mamlock to
this city from Los Angeles, pledged them
selves to report to Judge Fritz this morn
ing and to appear for trial to-morrow
afternoon. The women evidently were
frank in their statements that they had
joined Mamlock in Los Angeles in answer
to an advertisement and had come to this
•city to work for a salary, which, they as
serted, had never been paid to them. The
three women were absolutely -without
means, and Detective Dinan gave them a
few dollars, while other parties furnished
them with a breakfast, as they had not
eaten a meal since Monday night.
Ieabelle McDonald was released on $5
bail. She was hired by Mamlock a week
ago to sell his bogus- tickets, and thV wo
man evidently knew nothing of the fraud
Fhp was participating- in.
Judge Fritz was induced by Doneghy's
attorney to reduce the bail for the accused
man and also to allow Helen Barnes and
Mae Deiweiller to secure their liberty for
a. less sum than originally fixed. Doneghy
was set at liberty by putting up $100 cash
bail, and his chief aid, Helen Barnes, was
released when $50 in gold coin was deposit
ed. A like sum was demanded by Judge
Fritz in the case of Mae Deiweiller.
JuJge Fritz went to the City Prison in
the afternoon and questioned the various
women in custody. He was accompanied
by Assistant District Attorney Hanley,
and the accused women were interrogated
closely.
An application for a reduction of bail
for the defendants was taken under ad
visement by Judge Fritz until the after
noon session of court.
Judge Cabaniss, who released Doneghy
on $liw bail, learned later in the day that
he had been deceived by certain friends of
the accused man and requested Judge Fritz
to increase the bail to the original amount
of Sim bond or $500 cash. Judge Fritz
tiid so. and once again Doneghv was ar
rested by Detectives Wren and Dinan and
jiiaced in custody.
judge Kritz, however, turned a deaf ear
to the appeals of the Police Court lawyers
acd put the cases over until to-morrow
afternoon.
Assistant District Attorney Hanley
asked that the case go over until to-mor
row at 2 p. m,, to which request the attor
neys for the defendants entered vigorous
objection.
Although Doneghy secured his release on
$100 bail in the early hours of the morning,
he came into court with a worried aspect,
ilelea Barnes, who has traveled witn
uoxieeny lor six years and is considered
a. dangerous operator by tne police, looked
paie and haggard after a nignt in prison.
lhree Ponce Court attorneys appeared
lor the accustsd persons, and when the
case was called by Judge .Kritz the attor
neys all tried to talk at the same time.
One of tne attorneys wanted Doneghy
instantly dismissed on the ground thai he
vaa as Innocent as a Jumu; another de
clared that Helen Barnes was an Injured
woman and was a true philanthropist,
while the third lawyer assured the court
that his clients had simply worked as em
ployes of Mamlock and were Ignorant o£
ins doings.
Considerable interest was displayed yes
terday mornins when the leaders of the
band, W. W. Doneghy and Helen Barnes,
were arraigned before Police Judge A. J.
Kritz on a charge of obtaining- money Y-y
false pretenses. With the two arch con
spirators the police lined up a number of
v.'omen who had also been caught In the
drag net. but of whose gruilt there is some
doubt. Julie Howie, Belle Smith. Mrs. C.
E. Wilcox and Isabelle McDonald are the
four women who sold tickets for the
EWiadler, Harry Mamlock. who Is badly
wanted by the police. The women spent
the night in jail and presented an un
happy appearance when brought into the
Police Court. Another of the accused
parties was Mae Deiwelller. who came to
this city with Doneghy, having Joined his
band in Denver.
"With the arrest of the leaders of the
ban<l of "charity workers" who have in
fested this city for the past few weeks
an effectual stop has been put to their
nefarious calling.
"Charity Workers" Case
to Be Tried Before
Judge Fritz. •
Leaders of Band Allowed Lib-
erty by Giving Cash
Bail. 7
BOLD SCHEMERS
TO FACE TRIAL
7
/ THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY, JUNE 19, 1901.
cess.
ONE OP THE CHT7RCH DIGNI
TARIES IN THE FORTHCOM
ING CONVENTION. .
AMUSEMENTS.
1146 MABKET STREET. "'
flf &$% fifl LAD1ES ' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in
HI V J,UU Ladies' Cloths and Cheviots, nicely trim-
* " n jj med, satin lined, in military blue, black
W '.and gray.. Worth $7.50
MAP ft ft LADIES'. TAILOR-MADE SUITS,
k §% , U U made of fine imported Venetian cloth, in
%Pm jj P e arl gray, military gray, tan and mixed
W browns Worth $15.00
flf d* 6 ! Rfl LADIES ! TAILOR-MADE SUITS,
fl IjwU ma( te of fine Ladies' Cloth, neatly em-
\f S broidered, velvet collars, satin faced, satin
a bands on sleeves, in brown, garnet, navy
and drab Worth $17.50
rnor to the arrival of an immense shipment of Goaks
and Suits comprising about $20,000 WORTH OF THE
SEASON'S ADVANCED STYLES AND NOVELTIES,
it becomes compulsory to make room for their proper dis-
play by s offering the following and many other lines at
Guts That Will Force Them Oat Quickly.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY, "WED.. JUNE 19.
Parquet, 23c, any seat: Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any yart except reserved.
Fatma and Smaun. the Pygmies, -will hold
a reception to children after the matinee and
after all matinees during their engagement.
BEST BIlTTTn YEARS.
ODELL. WILLIAMS AND CO.. EZRA KEN-
DALL. COLE AND DELOSSE. ED LATELL.
LESTER REEVES. GARDNER AND MAD-
DERN, DOHERTY SISTERS, THE BIO-
GRAPH.
THE WONDERFUL EAST INDIA PYGMIES.
Fatma and Smaun.
"AND STILL THEY'RE FLOCKING TO
SEE IT."
EVENINGS AT 8.
BRING THE CHILDREN.
ANOTBfcR TOY StiUYiiMrf WATINEE on
SATURDAY, June 22d. at 2.
THE
JULY 1— "BABES IN THE WOODS."
FOPULAR PRICES.. 23c and 60c
Telephone — Bush 9.
GRAND' OPEPJA HOUSr
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
ALL OF THIS WEEK.
. ANOTHER WONDERFUL TRIUMPH.
MELBOURNE MscDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STOtJE in Sardou's
Strongest Play.
"GISMONDA."
First Time on Any Stajre at Popular Prices.
A SOUVENIR PHOTOGRAPH OF MISS
FLORENCE STONE will be presented to every
one attending the Saturday matinee.
Ponular Prices- -10c, 15c. 25c. 50c; 75c.
Good Orchestra Seat, all Matinees, 25c.
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE. EMPORIUM.
Next Week— Melbourne MacDowell In Fedora.
fJLVH EAT R eT^A >
This Week ONLY,
, ONLY MATINEE, SATURDAY.
Florence Roberts
Supported ' by WHITE" WHITTLESEY.
i JULIA MARLOWE'S Latest Triumph.
COUNTESS VALESKA.
ORCHESTRA, FIRST SIX ROWS. Joe.
NEXT WEEK-" SAPHO."
BE1&SCO *"* TfiJSirS \jfiiXtW£
A BIG HIT— IT IS TO LAUGH.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
' Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
Nellie McHenry's Great Farce Comedy,
A NIGHT AT
THE CIRCUS
Nothinp but fun from beginning to end.
Introducing- up-to-date Specialties.
YOU'LL SHOUT. SCREAM AND ROAR.
Plfkl't-V Evenintrs ...10c, 15c. 25c, S-V;, 50c
r t\!i»«V Matinees •. ...10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week-Revival of UNCLE TOM'S CABIN.
CHUTES AND_ZOO '¦S'.tfiE"
THE TOBINS, direct from the Oraheum,
And a host of OTHER VAUDEVILLE STARS.
TO-MORROW NIQHT.
THE A MA TEURS ? ,
And a LADIES' HEAVYWEIGHT LIFTING
CONTEST. .
> J ---'Telephone for Seats— Park 23. . .
Fl^fiHFRN CONCERT HOUSc.
CHARITY MARTIN. Slg.' Abramoff, Paras-
kova ¦ Sandollne, Erma Wing. . the Jugxlm?
GUlens, Ed f B. Adams, the Samayoas. Alice
Barnum and Stanley and Walton. ¦
' ' Reserved Seats, 23c. Matinee Sunday. *
HENRY MILLER
SEA SOX
MATIXEE TO-DAY— LAST TIME.
DARCY OF THE GUARDS.
,,,. ._ TO-NIGHT—
"THc IMPORTANCE OF BEIN8 EARNEST"
Remainder of Week Last Timea Hera of
"HEARTSEASE."
Limited Engagement Beginning Next
' Monday Night. ¦
™I#UNDER2FLAGS
Ey Arrangement With DAVID BELASCO.
Paul M. Potter's 5- Act Drama on Ouida'a Novel
The Entire N. T. Scenery and Co.— 120 People
lasluding BLANCHE BATES as "Cianpette"
SEAT SALE BEGINS TO-MORROW.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS,
Open Daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing. Including admission. 2*»: children. Me.
AUCTION SALE..
REFEREE'S SALE.
By Ordsr o? Court.
All Choice Properly
MONDAY, JUNE 24. 1901, ,
At 12 noon, at salesroom of
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
No. 14 Montgomery Street.
Jessie and Second Streets.
Elegant business property: north line of
Jessie St.. a~:6 west of Second st., thence west
40 feet by €9 feet; now leased to the Sharon
estate (used by Fire Patrol Service): present
ground rent $75; lease will -xpire May 1. 1*13.
-when building can be purchased a: two-thir-Jj
of its appraised valuation.
Washington and Drumm Streets.
Washington St., north line, between Drnmm
and East sts., 35 feet east of Drumm: 60 feet
by 60 feet: ground rent S3T> per mon*h: no
lfase; an elegant Income If proper i» Improved.
Dupont and Sacramento Streets.
Best income property in :he city: 719 Dnpont
•t.. between Sacramento and Clay sts.: lot 22:9
xllO to Wav*rly place: three-story and bane-
ment brick, new, modern building; rents $130
per month.
Corner Fifteenth and Julian Avenue.
Fine building location: S. E. cor. Fifteenth
st. and Julian ave.: 84 feet on Fifteenth st. by
153 feet on Julian ave.: ready for building; will
sell~ a* a whole or in five subdivisions.
For further particulars apply to referee*.
J. T. HAB1IES, 626 Market St.
G. H. UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery St.
P. J. SULLIVAN, Parrott Building.
HOTEL«»
Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their headquarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca.
tlon, courteous attaches and uneqaaled
cuisine, American and European plans.
•*GRAND HOTEL**
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INV1GORA-
tor and . Nervine.
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kld-
nejs and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BftUNE, Agents. "
322 Market at.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
IA/. T. HESS.
K0TASY PUBLIC AND ATTOKNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015,~^laus Rpreckela Bids.
Telephone Brown 931. '.
• Residence, 321 California st, below PowelL
San. Francisco.
Weekly Call,$1.00 par Yea/
Full ¦' sized : package . of these tablets sold; by
druggists at 50 cents. Little book on stomach
troubles mailed free. Address F. A. Stuart Co.,
Marshall.* Mich. * .
; This can be done by the regular use after,
meals of some safe.\'pleasant and effective di-
gestive preparation, like Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets; which may ' be v found at most {drug
stores.'- and which contains valuable, 1 - harmless
digestive elements in a pleasant,- convenient
form.
. ;It is safe to say 'that the .regular ' persistent
use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets at meal time
will cure any form | of stomach trouble except
eancer of. the stomach. ' • .
The most ¦ sensible treatment for heart trou-
ble is , to improve the digestion and to insure
the prompt assimilation of food.
Poor. digestion also poisons the blood, making
it thin and watery, which irritates and weakens
the heart. ,-
In another way, also the heart Is affected by
the ' form of poor : digestion, which causes gas
and fermentation from' half :¦,; digested food.
There is a feeling of oppression and heaviness
in the chest caused by pressure of the distended
stomach on the heart ' and lungs,' '; Interfering
with their action; hence arises; palpitation and
short breaUi v
The close relation between heart trouble and
poor, digestion is because both organs are con-
trolled by the same great nerves— the Sympa-
thetic and Pneumogastrlc.
Heart trouble, at least among the Americans,
Is certainly increasing.- and while this may be
largely due to _ the excitement ana worry of
American business life. It is more often the re-
sult of weak stomachs, of poor, digestion.
Real organic disease Is Incurable; but not one
case In a. hundred of heart trouble is organic'
Trouble.
Some Facts Regarding the Rapid Increase of Heart
IN
AMUSEMENTS.
\' Solid Oak Parlor Teble SI.25
Our stock of Furniture. Carpets
and Draperies is composed of
the latest designs.
* Get an estimate from us on
everything required to furnish
your entire establishment.
Credit and free delivery within
100 miles. We close at six.
TH m O A rj <* £ ¦
FURNITURE CO.,
33S-342 POST STREET,
J Opposite Union Square. i
IM.JI.JLJIJJLIJI III.1U ¦i.-.. r fi,u^i.' rtHn ,Thft ltoTUt»tak<» Mining Company has ds
oUrevl a dividend of £3c per shftr* nn.l an •xtm
on« of th# tam* amount, th* two acsresattng
tttS,<»0, payaM« ©a th« S5ih.
STOCK AND BOND" EXCHANGE.
TUESDAYTlun* 1.1-3 p, ra.
UXITED* STATES BOJJD3.
BM. Art. I IiM.A»'t.
?s quar coup.mwut'«i«* <»r cp fnew)iss\is!>t.
*» quar ifff....ll2 f ftll3V»lS» quar»coup.lflS\lC9*i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Hay C P C is,10."» — lOceanlc Sa Ss.101 104
O.-\l-»t ha US — Omnlbua U «s,127 -»
C C Water S*.lM>HltO Pac O Imp u. — l»)
Ed l. 61 r «s..i:sv a is3«s'rn * c if e»,tM —
F«r & Cl R «s.U?y, — PKAOK 63.117 —
Geary -at Ra ., — — v- |Y>wll-st R «s.u> —
HC&S 6KS.1WU — Sac E O U 5a. — —
Do 5* 101 lOSV; 8 P & SJV 5»UQU —
l.oa Ann U r>a.UV% — Sierra Cal 6s.. MO
L. A Ucht 63. — 102 8 P of A 63
Do gntd «s 104 (1909) 11SU —
Do gntd 5S..103 — (1310) 1U —
I> A & Pac 5s.liw* — S P of A (s
Do 1 c in 5«..IO2*; - O90R). Sex A.109 \9S\
Markt-at C 6a. — 127*3 <19<>6>. Ser B.liVsmC3»»
Dolom 5s.. 122% — <19O6> i,»£ — *
Nov Co R 7s. — U3}i (1913) 119 122
Nor. R Cal 6s.ll4»4115 S P of Cal 1st
Xor Pac C. 6a. 100 — Sp Br Cal 69. - 13*
Do 5a 103 109 I v Water 63 — 1131
Nor Cal R 53.110 113 Do 4s W> —
Oak Gas 5s. ..112 — Do 4a Sd m — 103
Do Trans 63.117H11? Stktn Gas 63..IOO -
Do Wat 5s..lO4!ilO5
. WATER STOCKS.
* — T ~*
The light stocks cont!nued to almost monopo
lise business on the taorntnr session of thtt
Bond Exchange, both Gas & Electric and Fa
ctne Gas selling at $4*3*3. The advance In th*
latter wiw especially sharp. The other stocks
wer» -unchanged. Thero was nothtas rww £a
th« oil stocks.
In the * afternoon Gas * Electric tt*s very
*ctlv« at J«r*iTU' s . with numerous Mica
at all sorts of figures between this rang}.
Oceanic Steamship sold at St9.
Tho M»ka-\v*n 3u«*r Company has declared
a dividend of 49c per share, payable on th* »-n,
STOCK MARKET.
BOSTON, June. . 18.— Thero is no change In
the wool situation here except that the values
between fine and medium grades .are wide
apart. The market : at present appears to be
a fine wool market and : from present indica
tions will continue so for some time to come.
The strictly fine grades are in best demand,
out ' this is : not extreme . enough just now • to
force values up to any extent. The lack of
Boston Wool Market.
8T. ¦ JOSEPH, Mo.. June 18.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 1557. Market steady to 60 lower. Cows
and heifers. M^B; veal*. *5 MX£6 25: bulls and
stairs, $3{f5; Btookers and feeders, $2 75(?« SO.
HOGS-Recelpt*. J»920. Market steady. Light
nnd light mixed. $5 80«i5 SS; medium and heavy
$oJP«6 02\4: pigs. $4 S0#5; bulk. $5 5085 95.
PI1KEP— Receipts. 1S33. Steady.
ST. JOSEPH MARKET,
;&HKRP-Recelpt8. n.000. .Sheep and lambs
steady to firm. Ppiin* lambs up to'$S 78: Colo
rado*. $5 to: K<Mi,l to chotoo wether*. $3 90JT4 25:
ratr to choice, mixed, $3 ROJfM; Western sheep,
« 90m 85 « yearlings, $405 15; Western lambs,
|4 65Q5 lo. '¦¦> ,
HOQS-Ktcolpts to-day, 19,600; to-morrow,
SS.POO: estimated left over, 1000. Opened a shade
hlsrher; cloved about steady: tov>. t« 10. Mixed
and butcher*. »:> SiMI« 10; Rood to cholc* heavy,
»W»i rouBh heavy. $.\ TMT5 S3; light, $5 TO
8«:-hulk of sales, $5 MH«6 02H:
CHICAGO, June IS.— CATTLK— Receipts. SCOO,
Including «00 Tex«ns.< Generally about steady.
Good to prlm« »t*er», $5.*W«.H>: poor to
medium. $* «0©5 M; stockers and feedera nlow,
tt©4 SO; wwf. tS 70©4 SS: ¦ heifers, W TSfJS 10:
catmera, $5tf3 65; bulls Arm, WU« «; *>alvi>s 3S0
higher, $4 J:ff6 SO; Texna fed tteer*; ft 23JN W;
Texas bulls, |) TSfiS 7k
Chicago Livestock Market
BOSTON. June 18.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized tho following prices from sale . ©f
California fruit, at auctton to-day: Apricots-
Royals, single crates. $1©1 35. average Jt SO.
Peaches— Alexanders, single crates. 80e©St
average 91c; boxes, "OeffSl 35, mv«tm*« , 83c.
Plums— Clymans. single cratea. SOcWJl 05. av
erage 99c. Five cars sold to-day. Weather fa
vorable.
PHILADELPHIA. June 18.— The Earl Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit at auction
to-day realized the following prices:
Peaches— Alexanders, boxes, 70®SOc. average
75c. Plums— Red June, single crates. Jl 15-g>
1 So. average $1 16. Prunes— Tragedy, single
crates. $1 23®1 70. average $1 59. Plums—Cly
mans. single crates. $0@9Cc. average 85c: Royal
Hative. So^SOc. average S4c. Apricots— Royals,
single crates. $1 4O45M 50. average $1 4S. Two
cars sold to-day: favorable weather.
Apricots— Royals. 2 single crates. $1 10@l 30.
average $1 25. Peaches— Alexanders. • boxes.
40c® 51 15, average S2c; Triumph, boxes, aver
age $1 25. Prunes— Tragedy, single crates, $1 55
@1 70. average $1 68. Plums— Clymans. single
crates, 90c@$l. average 91c. Six cars sold to
day; weather favorable.
CHICAGO. June 18.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day,
realizing the following prices: .
CHICAGO, June' IS.— Porter Bros. Company
sales California .fruit: Peaches— Alexanders
60e«5c crates; Hales, j Jl 05. Apricots— Royal.
$1 153-1 30.
NEW YORK. June 18.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day
and realized the following prices: Plums—Cli
max, ¦ single crates, S2 55@2 60, average $2 57;
Clymans, single crates, $1@1 15, average $1 05.
Prunes— Tragedy, single crates, ?1 35@1 95, av
erage ?} 60.. Pears— Kounce. single crates, $1 70
@2, average ?1 97. Peaches— Alexanders, 75c@
$1 10, average 32c. . Apricots— Royals, single
crates. 95c@$l 40, average $1 13. Four cars sold
to-day. Weather favorable. •
Porter Bros. Company . sales: Apricots-
Royal, 95c@-$l 25; Montgamet, $1 50. Peaches-
Alexanders, 63c#$l crates; Hales, Socig^l 10.
Plums— Clymans. 90c®$l 05; "Climax. $2 15@3;
Red June, 83c@$2 63; Royal Hative. $1@1 15; St.
Catherine, $1 05; Burbanks, $1 10<gl 75. Prunes
—Tragedy, $1 30^1 95; Simonls, ?1 40. Four cars
fruit sold to-day. ; . . :
California Fruit Sales.
NEW TORK STOCK UST.
S*" 1 "*" CleMnis
Bold. Stock- Bid
».4<» Atchison Jsil
!*.««> Atrhtton prefd- josu
&.W« Raltlmore & Ohio io$>»
l.WO Balttmor* A Ohio prefd
l.Sto Canadian Pftelno i<«u
1W Canada Southern 701!
1.M0 Chesapeake & Ohio «j>J
1.400 Chirac* ft Alton ««
HW Chicago & Alton prefd. *x dtv, tr.. 7?«
3nO Chicago, nurllnxton & Qulncy..... l?6*»
5,700 Chlcnjo. Ind & boutftvllle...... SSW
500 Chicago, Ind A Louisville prefd.... 75U
•*;V^ SiJ! c "*° $ Eastern Illtnol «©
4.100 ChlcaKO A: Great Western 23.V
R00 Chicago & Oreat Western A prefd.. 8$
?00 Ch ca*o & Great Western B prefd.. 634
•00 Chlc&go A Northwestern ¦ ">c>u
14,f.00 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific "17014
1.100 Chicago, Terminal & Trans.... 'sit
1,600 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd... «*;
100 C C C & St Louts J?5
S.5C0 Colorado Southern *." 15^
200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd '..'. 61
S00 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 23
Delaware & Hudson "igV
3(*> Delaware. Lack & Western ">3S*i.
400 Denver & Rio Grande .-... . gjaj
3,900 Denver & Rio Grande prefd .'l00
19.700 Erie 4.14
7,000 Erie 1st prefd.. ."."71
'*X> Erie 2d prefd.... i........... 57U
122 S™? 1 . Northern Prefd..... ..'lS6
TOO Hocking Valley ...v ....; 5414
700 Hocklnsr Valley prefd..;. .............7814
NEW YORK, June IS.— The pressure to sell
stocks was effectual in breaking through re
sistance in the market to-day and carrying the
general level of prices to a materially lower
basis. There were a few spots of strength per
sisting and there were occasional successful ef.
forts to check the decline, which resulted in
rallies, by driving the room shorts to cover.
The bull element in the market by no means
abandoned It to the bears, and at recurring
periods, when the selling had spent its force,
there was alert readiness to bid up prices. Not
withstanding all devices, however, the sefling
was renewed in force in the final dealings and
carried prices to the lowest of the day, ex
cept for those stocks which had manifested
some strength. The closing was quite' active
and weak. The most potent influence in the
market was the condition engendered as to the
real status of the most discussed St. Paul deal
Investigation by independent authorities elicited
the opinion that negotiations, as was candidly
admitted for bringing St. Paul within the scope
of the community of interest working out in
the Western railroad world, but many of the
specific assertions which have been set afloat
by the very large speculative contingent which
is making the St Paul project the medium
for their operations were stripped to pieces.
The most important, of these was yesterday's
assertions .that 4 per cent bonds were to be
offered for St. Paul at the equivalent of "00
To-day's version of the project carried it no
further than an effort to secure the co-opera
tion of the Morgan-Hill holdings in St. Paul
with the Harriman-Kuhn-Loeb holdings in ex
change for co-operation of the holdings
of the latter interest with those of the
former In Northern' Pacific The holdings
of the Morgan-Hill syndicate In St. Paul
dating back to the efforts to secure
control previous to the purchase of Burlington
are known to be large. Another well defined
rumor had it that a hitch had occurred In th<»
contract alleged to have been made to sell a
large. block of St. Paul stock to Union Pacific.
St: Paul declined - nearly five points . as a re
sult of these rumors and Union Pacific three
and closed within a . small fraction of the low
est. Missouri Pacific suffered from realizing on
the ground that all the good news regarding
the stock was out and the independent steel
companies were sufferers from the same cause
the decline in Colorado Fuel reaching 10 and lii
Tennessee Coal 6%. Amalgamated Copper, re
acted 3»i from yesterday's upward spurt but
rallied strongly on the hopes of a Judicial de
cision to-day in favor of the company's merger
project The rally was mostly lost in the re
action of the market. The active exchange
market was explained by the selling of b'Us
against further Intended gold shipments, which
will po out on Thursday to Germany. It is
expected that the shipment will reach* $2,000 000
at leasi. The reduction tn the German bank
rate to-day Is explained by the unusually strong
position of that Institution and was taken In Its
quasi-public character as a Government insti
tution to ease the condition of distrust of finan
cial circles In Berlin, The call loan rat» here
stiffened to S p*r cent again to-day. The stocks
which showed strength were Influenced entirely
by Individual cause*. The firmness of United
State* Stee; was based, on the declaration of
dividends by subsidiary companies. The newly
listed Distilling Company of America stocks
t»-»r* advanced two and three points respective
ly for the common and preferred to slKnallae
th« first transactions tn the stocks on th« ex
ch.\nr».
In* bond market va» moderately active and
trrerular. Total nale*. par valu«. lt.N,\cv<».
fntted States bonds wer* all unchanged In th»
W*t call.
New York Stock Market
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK, June 18.— Special cable and tele
graphic communications show the following
changes In available supplies, compared with
last accounts: Wheat— United States and Can
ada, east of the Rockies, decreased 567,000 bush
els: afloat for and in Europe, increased 700,000
bushels: total supply, increased 133,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increased 902,000 bushels. Oats—
United. States and Canada, east of the Rockies,
increased 387.000 bushels. The .combined stock
of wheat held at Portland, Or., Tacoma and
Seattle, Wash., decreased 295,000 bushels last
week.
Available Grain Supply.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening; 5 CS% 5 CSVi
Closing '... 6 0S% 5 08%
PARIS. ,
Wheat— ¦ '-. - June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening ...;.; ...:..:.. 23 35' • 2110
Closing... ,.20 35 2120
1 Flour— . . ¦ ! ¦ ¦ •»
Opening 23 45 27 05
Closing .25 55 27 10
Foreign Futures.
The temperature has risen over Washington
and Eastern Oregon and generally fallen in
other districts. It is nearly normal in the
interior of California. . . .
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. June 19. 1901:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Wednes
day, with fog along the coast; fresh westerly
wind; cooler in the interior.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday, except
foggy along th* coast; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Cloudy; probably with thunder
storms; cooler; fresh southwest wind.
¦ Utah — Cloudy, with thunderstorms in the
mountains; fresh southwest wind.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Wednesday; fresh
southerly wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Wednesday, with fog in the morning; fresh
west wind. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official, temporarily in charge.
The pressure has risen along the coast and
fallen over the plateau and Rocky Mountain
regions.
Partly cloudy weather prevails over the Pa
cific Slope, with fog along the immediate
coast. The weather is threatening over the
plateau region and light sprinkles are re
ported from Salt Lake City and Poeatello.
A thunderstorm is reported from Baker City
and a rainfall of .14 of an Inch.
FORECAST.
Beans continue very quiet, and quotations
have not changed for a lone time.
Seeds a.re nominal, a* usual at this time of
the year.
BBANS— Bayo«, $5 «*T5 W: Small Whit*. $4 SO
®S? kivp' White, $1<H 50; rtnk, Jl <c©t 70
ned, jaws K; niackey*. M ims 53; T.tma*. K 53
tf« JS; Pea, nominal; Kefl Kidney, $4 *3 per vtl
« SKKDS—Hrown Mustnnl, nominal; Yellow
Muittftnl, iwmtnul; Flax, JJ S0$M: Canary, SyyfH
SVo far KAstorn; Alfnlfn. nominal; lUue. ¦ ii*
S*fc<5i Hemp. Sty«: Timothy, 6Uc.
DIUKD PEAS— Ntloa, *l ft© per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potntoea nre firm ' under ' ntnderat* receipts,
though the demand Is not very ke«n. Onions
run nlonjr about the same, day after day.
There are; plenty of Vegetables on the mar
ket, and prices are easy In consequence. Rhu
barb will soon be out.
Green Peppers from Stockton sold at 20if!30c
per lb. .Summer Squash was lower Rn<l weak
Cucumbers also sold lower under Increased re'
celpts.
Green Okra appeared. Belling at BOo ner lb
POTATOES— Burbanks. U 30®l 60 for Oregon-
New Potatoes, $1®1 85 for Hurbanks and SI 16
@1 4ft for Early Rose tn boxes. * .
ONIONS— Australians, - jobbing, at $3 75«?4-
New Red. S5SE0c per eackj New Yellow S5c<fj
$1 per ctl. ' "
- VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 25©65o per box-
Asparagus, SI 73<f?2 25 for large, $1 2501 EO D er
box for No. 1 and 50c®$l for No. 2; Green Peas
tl@l 50 per sack; 8tring Beans. lU@3V»c Cab
bage, 60@75c per ctl 1 f Tomatoes, from Los
Angeles, MffiSOc 1 from Winters, 75<385c Dried
Peppers, li€Ilgc 1 Dry Okra, 15©20c per lbj Car
rots, 25ig;3Gc per Back! Marysvllle Cucumbers
83ctf?:$l 25 per boxj Winters, $1 25| Bay $1 75«j
2 25; Garlic, 3@4cj Green Peppers. 20@25c per
Beans and Seeds.
Hay continues to show. a weak feeling, and
the tendency on the part of receivers Is to
sell. . The crop is known to be abundant and
generally of good quality. FeedstuffV stand as
before.'; . •
BRAN— *1"«?1S per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $18 E(VB»0 .per ton.
KEEDSTIJFFS— Rolled Barley. $16 5C«T17 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal r.t the mill. $?5@26: job
bine. $26 60; Cocoanut Cake. Il'ffMS; Corn Meal
$28^29: Cracked Corn, $2S 50@29 50; Mixed Feed.
$1S Bom" 10.
HAY— New. SS#1C* for "Wheat. $7 50©0 50 for
Wheat and Oat and WT~ SO for Volunteer. Old
Is quoted as follows: Volunteer. $5®S; Wheat.
$ll«T12 SO: Wheat and Oat. $IO#12: Oat. S9»
11 50; Clover, nominal; Alfalfa. $SjJ9 50; Bar
ley, nominal, per ton.
STUAW— 2S©47T4e per bole.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family extras, $3 25@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers 1 Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon. $2 50@2 75 ' per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3; ex
tra cream do. $3 75; Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy,
$3 7304; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; -Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 35(i?7 35 •
in sacks. $6@-7 50: Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
I CORN— The market is dull at unchanged
quotations. Offerings are fair, but the hieh
prices check trade. Small round Yellow, $150-
Eastern Yellow, ?1 2"i4@l 30; White, Jl 30;
mixed. $127ii.
RYE— 75@S0c per ctl. The market continues
dull.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quote's at $1 65 ..per ctl,
ex- warehouse.
OATS— Offerings are .neglected and quota
tions are unchanged. ' There Is no pressure
to sell, however. White. $1 42%®1 55; Surprise,
(150<ai65; Red, $1 35@1 45; Black, $122^4®
1 32% per ctl.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Horning Session— No sales,.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. $101%.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls $1 01%
Regular Morning Session— December— «i)6
etis. n 02.
Afternoon Session— December— 10,000 ctls
$1 021'sl- 2000, '$1 02tf.
BARLEY — The market continues very quiet
and the feeling is weak, though prices show
no change. There is nothing doing on call.
Feed. 72%c for No. 1 and 70c for off grades;
Brewing and Shipping grades. 75@80c; Chev
alier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Indifferent cables, favorable weather and the
leaders ; selling gave the Chicago market a
weak feeling. Cables did not reflect the ap
prehended "damage to the Russian crop ex
pressed on Monday. It was raining hard > in
Kansas. Bradstreet's estimated a decrease in
stocks east of the Rockies of 567,000 bushels,
and an increase In Europe and afloat of 700 -
003, making a total Increase of 133,000 bush
els. In view of all these conditions telegrams
from Chicago did not see much chance for a
bull market.
This markek was steady and not materially
changed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 97%c; milling, $1®
1 02% per ctl. ' w
WHEAT— Paris futures were higher. Liver
pool showed no change. reported fair
average crops in France 'and a large crop in
Russia.
"U'HEAT FREIGHTS— Are steady on the spot
at 38s 9d, with recent engagements at this
rate. The chartered wheat fleet in port has, a
registered tonnage of 1S.667. against 23,960 tons
on the same date last year; disengaged, 7442
tons, against S990; on the way to this port,
191.700 tons, against 202,780.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 S6V4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89Vi
Sterling cables ; 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12-4
New York Exchange, telegraph.. — 15
Silver, per ounce — 59^
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49«4 @ 50 "
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EAN FnAXCISCO. June 18-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures wer»
reported from stations tn California to-day:
Eureka, CO; Mount Tamalpals, 61; Ban I.UU
Ohtspo. TS; Red Bluff. »0; Fresno, 98; Lo S An-
Keles 74: Sacramento, SI; Independence SS*
S«ji Diego. 66.
" San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
C8; minimum. 61; mean. 54.
WcatJicr Report.
a»th Mertdlan-PajdnG Time.)
Deciduous fruits 'continue thrifty in most
sections, but some varieties will yield light
crops. Prunes and oMves are dropping badly
in some localities. Apricots will be very light
in Southern California- Grapes are in good
condition, and prospects are excellent for a
large yield. Citrus fruits and walnuts are
looking well.
Sacramento Valley — The weather was cool
during the first of the week, becoming warmer
toward the close. With, the exception of north
erly winds, which caused slight damage to
grain in some sections, conditions have been
favorable for all crops, and grain and fruit
have matured rapidly. Haying is progressing
and a large crop, excellent In quality, is be
ing harvested. Grain harvest has commenced
in some localities; the yield is reported better
than anticipated, and wheat and barley are
*aid to be of superior quality. Corn, bops and
vegetables are in good condition. Deciduous
fruits and grapes continue thrifty, and citrus
fruits are looking well. Fruit drying has com
menced. Pasturage is becoming dry and scarce
in some places.
Coast and Bay Sections — Continued cool
weather has been unfavorable for maturing the
grain and fruit crops. Heavy frosts have oc
curred in some of the southern coast counties,
causing slight damage to corn, potatoes and
other summer crops, but there are no reports
of injury to fruit. Grain harvest and haying
are in progress, and good crops are being gath
ered; grain is reported plump and heavy.
Prunes are said to be dropping badly in por
tions of San Benito County. Other deciduous
fruits are doing well, but the yield will be
light in most places. Grapes are thrifty. Sugar
beets, hops and garden vegetables are In good
condition. Tomato vines are making good
growth; there is a large acreage in Sonoma
County.
San Joaquin Valley— The weather has been
more seasonable during the past week than
for some time, and grain and fruit are ripen
ing rapidly. The grain harvest has commenced
in all sections, and in some localities much
progress has been made. The cool weather
during the past two weeks was very beneficial
in allowing the heads to fill nicely, and the
yield, so far as the harvesting has progressed,
is very sa.tisfaetory. Some shipments of grain
have been made and the quality is reported
good. Peaches and apricots are being market
td and the canneries and dryers have com
menced operations. The apricot crop is light*
but the peach crop will be heavy in some dis
tricts, and eenerally cood. Grapes are mak
ing excellent progress and Indications are that
the crop win be larje. Olives are reported to
be dropping in tome sections. Melons are late,
but are now nailing rapid growth. Green feed
continues good. Water is plentiful and stock
of &1I kinds are ia cood conditions. Summer
tallowing continues in some localities.
Southern Californta-The weather has been
too cool In most secttens for the development
ef train and fruit, but favorable for haymaW
!n*. Bean*, surar beets and eorn are- locktnc
»•!!. Tt»« potato crop win fe* below averate.
\ meyard* are In excellent condition, and
rrwpecu ar» »ood for a Urc* crop of raisins.
T*>» arrleot crop trtll t* the H*ht*»t fer »ev
era! y*ar». Teaches will yield a fair crop.
Or%R**« an« lootons ar* <Sa!nv wll. Walnuts
•r* «dv%»ein« favorablr. aao proml** a rood
crcp.
Eur»k* Furair.atr-W«rn> weather and fe*
tkt Utter part of U* wit sreatly Improved
the confiHton of corn, potatoe* ind frulr. May
l.*rwj! ennilRUfd. Otrrrien *re rlpentn*.
lio« Ancrlo Firamnry- Kenns and beet* are
looking wetl; al*f» oiN-r cror* vrher* there U
ample water supply. !ie*« working on white
«--.*« In mountain *ettion«.
Grain harvest is progressing in nearly all
sections of the State. Wheat and barley are
reported as yielding fully an average crop in
most places north of the Tehachapl. and the
quality is excellent; In some localities the grain
is said to be unusually plump and the yield
above the average. Fair crops are being har
vested in portions of Southern California. The
bay crop 'is nearly all harvested, and baling
and stacking ere progressing; the hay is of
excellent quality and the yield heavy in most
r'.aces. Corn, potatoes and other summer
crops were but slightly damaged by the frost.
Hops, beans, sugar beets and garden vegeta
bles continue thrifty, and good crops are ex
pected. There is an unusually large acreage
of tomatoes in Sonoma County, and the vines
are making good growth; much of the crop
¦will be canned. Pasturage is becoming scarce
in some sections, but cattle are in good condi
tion.
The temperature was considerably below nor
mal during the first of the week, and heavy
frosts occurred in some sections. Warmer
weather prevailed toward the close of the week,
gTcatly benefiting all crops. Northerly winds
slightly damaged grain in some sections.
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie, section
director of the climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau, is as follows:
The -Weather and Crops..
"Brazil nuts are very strong, and It would be
hard, if not impossible, to buy a round lQt at
quotations. Holders probably will sell small
quantities more readily than lots of any size.
Jordan shelled almonds are firmer, holders ask
ing from 40c to 42c. Sicily filberts are easier
here and in Sicily."
"About 2.10O boxes of Oregon 30-40s prunes
were received in the market yesterday, all
coming to a prominent commision house. Sales
of several round lots cf these prunes were
made at 6»4C, at which price goods are still
offering, with a fair demand in a small way.
California prunes, raisins, apricots and peaches
are dull en the spot. There are reported offer
ings of future choice Itoral apricots at 8c, f. o.
b., in bars.
'"Currants continue very firm. The Alsatla
arrived yesterday with 2300 boxes and 1400
cases, but these goods arc closely controlled
and offered only in a small way at 9%c. About
500 barrels of the Alsatia's cargo were sold to
arrive. The vessel brought a large amount of
fresh fruits, which are now being unloaded.
It will be several days before the currants will
be taken off and distributed.
"Trade on the spot continues very dull, the
hot weather and the Increased supplies of green
fruits now coming into the markets having cut
down the consumptive demand for all dried
fruits to very small proportions.
Mall reports from New York say
New York Dried Fruit Market.
Temperature 7 a. m.. 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close,
i Wheat No. 2—
June ............... 69% 69% 69M, 69%
July. : 70<6 70% 69%, 70%
September 68% 6S% 63% ?• 66%
Corn No. S>—
June 42%
July 43% 43% 43 43%
September 44% 44% 44% 44%
Oats No. 2— '
July !8 28% 28 28?4
September 26 26% 26 26%
May. ' 28V& 28% 28% 28%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July ...14 S2% 14 87% 14 82% 14 S7%
September .14 90 15 07% 14 90 14 57%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 8 60 8 70 8 57% 8 70
September ....*..... 8 60 8 €2% 8 60 8 60
October 8 62% 8 82% 8 62% 8 80
¦ Short Ribs. Der 100 lbs—
July ..8 02% 8 12% 8 02% 8 12V-
Septembsr ...' 8 10 8 22% 8 10, 8 22%
Cash quotations were as,3 follows: Flour
quiet; No. 2 spring wheat."«P70©72c; No. 3
spring, 65(@'66%c: No. 2 red. -<S9',4@69%c; No. 2
corn. 43c: No. 2 yellow, 43ct No. 2 oats, 28c;
No. 2 white, 30%c; No. 3 white, 27%®28%c; No.
2 rye, 47%c; good feeding barley, 48@50c: fair to
choice malting, COigSSc; No. 1 flax seed, $1 V5;
Prjme timothy seed. $3 95; mess pork, per bbl.
$14 87%; lard, per 100 lbs, $8 67%@S 72%; sliort
ribs sides Uooae). ?8 05U28 20; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed). 70@70 1 ic; short clear sides (boxed),
$8 45@8 55; whisky, basis of high wines. $1 27.
¦ Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels :.. 33,000 15.000
Wheat, bushels 144,000 62,000
Corn, bushels 241,000 490.COO
Oats, bushels 111.000 211.000
Rye. bushels' 6,000 3.C00
Barley, bushels 11,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was stronger; creameries. 16%@19c:
dairies, 13@16%c. Cheese, 8%@10c. Eggs steady;
10%c. • .
An' active and eager demand for lard gave
the provision market a strong tone, carrying
up prices of pork and ribs to a strong close.
Buying- of lard was on such a scale that shorts
took alarm and helped by their purchases to
swell the prices as well as the volume of trad
ing. July pork closed 20c. higher; July lard
15@17%c higher and July ribs at a gain of»7%@
10c.
The 'leading futures ranged as follows:
The corn pit was quiet, with a notable ab
sence of selling orders. CTosed Vi@%c improved
for July, steady.
• Oats' were active and received considerable
support from the interests . which were the
best sellers yesterday. July closed steady and
unchanged at 2S%c
CHICAGO, June IS.— Dullness prevailed dur
ing the early part of the session, though there
was considerable trade later. Wheat opened
H@Uc lower' at 70@70Vsc for July,- on depressed
cables and continuation of conditions favorable
to the growing crop. Covering by shorts caused
an advance to 70%c. . the high point of the day.
Bradstreet's statement of the world's visible
supply was a disappointment to bulls, showing
133,000 bushels increase, instead of a large de
crease, and under free offerings the market de-,
clined to 69%c. Good shipping demand to
gether with reports of too much rain in Kan
sas brought about 'a rally toward the clpse and
final figures for July were firm and unchanged
at 70%c. \ :
Chicago Grain Market.
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Fnrit canners issue their new price list.
Wheat iveak and dull. Freights steady. • N :
parley, Oats. Corn and Rye neglected. . ,
Hay zeeak, but no lower. Feedstuff s steady.
'Jicans and Seeds neglected and nominal.
'Potatoes firm under moderate receipts. Onions steady.
Vegetables in liberal supply and "weak. , v
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry depressed under liberal receipts.
All Fresh Fruits coming in freely. • ' '
Not much doing in nezu Dried Apricots.
Dried Apples firm and scarce. Prunes shew considerable tone.
Provisions firmly held and in fair demand.
Paxding deal in Raisins rumored.
Wool and Hops dull and unchanged.
Meat market sufficiently supplied and Beef weaker.
Grain Bags firm under fine crop prospects. •
Linseed -Oil advanced. Other oils unchanged. •
Gas stocks continue to rise on the'* Bond Exchange.
Cordage marked dozvn l Ac.
*" ; ; ; ,
NEW YORK. June IS.— FLOUR— Receipts 27,
7!>S bbln; ex»orts 66S0. Easy and ¦ dull. . .
WHEAT— Receipts - 241.450 bushels; exports
14S.SSG. Spot weak; No. 2 red, 78Hc f. o. b.
afloat: No. t red. 76V4c elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 77%c f. o. b. afloat; No. I hard, Duluth"
J4»ic f. o. b. afloat. - Options opened easy ow
ing to foreign uclllnj of December and local
offerings. They later rallied on rains in the
Southwest, strength Rt Paris and covering but
were Irregular all afternoon on i a light trade
finally rallying and closing steady at H<9>Ue net
decline. .July wheat, 76 9-16@77\ie, closed at
76%c:" September, 73 15-16@74 5-16c, closed at
74%e; October. 74^®74%c, closed at 74%c; De
cember, 75 # 1-16@75 16-16c, closed at 75%c.
. H.OPS— Quiet; State • common : to choice. ' 19ob
crop.- 166,18c ; Pacific Coast. 1900 crop 16©18V4c
HIDES— Steady. . . au
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot: Rio dull; No, 7 invoice 8c
* — : — . — -_ a
Ncrv York Grain and Produce.
WASHINGTON. June W.— To*day'a stat«m«nt
of the Treasury balances tn th» gtntral fund,
esclustv* t\t th* IIM»,0C<».0o9 sold reserve Jn the
division of rtxUmralon. showwt , ¦ -
A>i>tiable cash balance. jifis.Pii.MX; goia, $;>$,.
831. 4>5.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. June IS.— Money on call, firm
at SiT5 p«r cent: rultns r«t» and last loan, t
p*r c*»t; i>rlme mercantile paper, SH9414 per
cent; sterling exehanite. easier, with actual
business tn banker*' bills at $4 $7HtM $S for de
mand and at $4 $7*i for sixty day*; posted rates
$4 SC'sIH $9; commercial bills. Si $4$ifM SS; sil
ver certificates, nominally. SOc; bar silver. N»Uc*
Mexican dollar*. 47Hc: Ptatt bonds. Inactive;
Government bond?, steady; railroad bonds lr
regular. . • a
Nav York Money Market.
CLOSING.
Atchison. 90%; Canadian Pacific, 106: Union
Pacific preferred. 94; Northern Pacific preferred.
10%: Grand Trunk. lUi: Anaconda. 10V4. Bar
stiver, dull. 27%d per ounce. Money. 1®1% per
cent.
NEW YORK. June 18.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: *A
general exodus to the Ascot races thinned the
attendance on the floor of the Stock Exchange
here to-day. The tone of the market was dull
and even the American department that has of
lat.« shown activity in otherwise lifeless trad
ing was dull with the rest. American stocks
opened generally heavy on fears that there may
poon be a monetary strlngei-cy in New York.
Prices steadily sagged ¦ from the opening in
the ebsonce of support, Atchison, St. Paul and
Union Pacific being particularly dull. There
vas. r-c *vever. some buying tn of Northern Pa
cific at 130. Money is plentiful. Bar silver was
27%d an ounce on American sales. -
London -Market.
BOSTON' STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money—. Rubber 20U
Call loans .3@3% Union Pacific 110%
Time loans ....3%@4% West End 94%
Stocks— . Westingh Elec 6S'
Atchison 88% Bonds
do prefd 105% Atchison 4s ..^....103%
Am Sugar 112% Mining shares—
do prefd 121 Adventure' ......... 17
Am Telephone 153 Bingham 22
Boston & Albany.. 253% Amalg* Copper ....126%
Boston Elevated ..178 Atlantic 33
Boston & Maine. ..194 Boston & Mont... 474
Burlington 196% Butte & Boston... 115
C B & Q..... 196^ Calumet & Hecla..S15
Dom Coal 40 Franklin 17
do prefd 112 Humboldt 25
US Steel 49H Osceola 87 :
do prefd 9S% Parrot 54
Fitchburg prefd ..114 Qulncy ...172
Gen Electric ......247 Santa Fe Copper... 6%
Mex Cent 29 Tamarack 332
N E G & Coke..... 6% Utah Mining 30
Old Colony 206 Winona 2\i
Old Dominion- ....'. 31 Wolverines 67
Adams Con 15 Little Chief : 13
Alice 40 Ontario__^.-. 8 50
Breece 1 60 Ophir 90
Brunswick Con ... 13 Phoenix 13
Comstock Tunnel.. 52 Potosl 07
Con Cal & Va 2 00 Savage 05
Dead wood Terra .. 55 Sierra Nevada .... .18
Horn Silver. 1 15 Small Hopes 40
Iron Sliver 59 Standard 3 50
Leadville Con'. 05'
U S 2s ref reg 106% N Y Cent lsts 107%
Do coup 107 N.J Cent gen 5s... 132%
L S 3s reg 108% NorPaciflc 3s 72%
Do coup 108% Do 4s 105%
Xj S new 4s reg....l3?% N Y C & S L 4s.. 106%
Do coup ...,13S% Nor ¦& W con 4s. 102%
U.S. old 4s reg.,..112% Ore Nav lsts....... 109
Do coup H3Vi Do 4s 103
U S 5s reg ...108%'Ore S L 63 130
-Do coup 108% Do con 5s 120V1
Dlst of Col 3 60s..^26 Read gen 4s 98%
Atchison gen 4s.:.:i04% R G W lsts 103
Do adj 4s 98% S L & I M con -6s. 117
Canada So 2nds...l09% S L &. S F gen 6s.l56ii
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lC8% St Paul con 187
I 2 o J?,r"-- v - : ----- 1201i St P C & P lsts. .118
C & NW con 7s. ...142% Do 5s '. 119%
Do S F deb 5s. ...122 So Pacific 4s 93U
Chi Terminal 4s... 96^ So Railway 5s 119
Colo So 4s... 89% Stan R & T 6s 63
D & R G 4s 104 Tex & Pacific lsts.ll8>A
Erie gen 4s 90% Do 2nds 99"
F W DC lsts. .107 Union Pacific 4s. .106%
Gen Electric 5s.... 185% Wabash lsts 118%
Iowa Central lsts. 115 Do 2nda 111%
L & N unified 4s.. 103% West Shore 4s..;. .11514
M K & T 2nds 89% WIs Central 4s 92
Do 4s 99Vi Vlr centuries 9C%
MINING STOCKS.
CLOSING BONDS.
970.S00 Shares sold.
S.100 Illinois Central ......... 147^
3C0 Io wa Central ".".'; "."" 36 "
300 Iowa Centra! prafd. .'..'.""' 64^4
Lake Erie &. Western ..."'! &8
....... Lake Erie & Western prefd 120
7.1C0 Louisville <?r Nashville...... ..... 110^4
22.G00 Manhattan Elevated' 122
C.1C0 Metropolitan. Street Railway ...173V4
O.G00 Mexican Central ............... vw.
."CO Mexican National n
3,100 Minneapolis fz St Louis 99%
13,600 Missouri Pr.c'.flc ...... .\ 121
1.4C0 MisBouri, Kansas &. Texas.. 3U4
3,100 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... Gi\
New Jersey Central.. ............:.:.. 160 .
1.200 New York Central •.:.'.;¦.. ......lZSV,
. 200 Norfolk & Western ..53V*.
Norfolk. & Western' prefd S9 "
........ Northern Pacific ..120
100 Northern Pacific prefd 97%
6.5C0 . Ontario iPr Western 37Vs
24.S0O Pennsylvania '. ....152
C,0(;0 Reading : 49
19,100 . Reading 1st prefd 79%
11.400 Reading 2d prefd.... IVA
7,700. St.Louis & San Francisco:.. 49^4
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd...... 86
5.700 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 75%
-400 St Louis Southwestern......... ... 33'
1,200 St Louis Southwestern prefd.. .. 6SVi
70,100 St Paul ,.r... ...............179
400 St. Paul.prefd.. ¦..........: 191
23,500 Southern Pacific 53%
.7.100 Southern Railway 33%
2.6C0 Southern Railway prefd .....' 87%
2,900 Texas & Pacific... . ;..... 47
TOO Toledo. St Louis & West...; 72%
...,.,. Toledo, St Louis & West prefd...... 37
77,600 Union Pacific .. ...11C%
1.000 Union Pacific prefd 91
3.100 Wabash 22%
3,400 Wabash- prefd 42Vi
400 Wheeling & Lake Erie.. 20
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 32^
11.500 Wisconsin Central' 24%
3,100 Wipconsin Central prefd 47>,i
P C C & St Louis 77%
Express companies—
Adams - ...' ...175
American 200
United States 93
. . Wells-Fargo «. . . .155
- Miscellaneous —
S1.400 Amalgamated- Copper 127
7,100 American Car & Foundry- 32^
1,200 American Car & Foundry prefd S7»/i
500 American Linseed Oil 22
200 American Linseed Oil prefd 49
4.200 American Smelting & Refin 57
2,200. American Smelting & Itefln prefd. .10U4
11, S00 American Tobacco 137V>
10,400 Anacon'a ".lining Co 501,4
S6.600 Brooklyn Rapid Transit , Rl%
8,600. Colorado Fuel & Iron 129
5.10O Consolidated Gas 2214
2,200 Continental Tobacco 6SU
1,400 Continental Tobacco prefd 118V,
1.300 General Electric ...247
'900 Glucose Sugar COV^
2,200 Hocking Coal 23V4
¦ 600 International Paper £3 -
300 International Paper prefd 77
1.6C0 International Power 97%
Laclede Gas gj
National Biscuit 45
• National' Lead 23V4
National Salt . 44V.
...< — Nat.onal Salt trefd 11%
7,000 North American 104
200 Pacific Coast 7lti
200 Pacific Mail 42U
45,600 People's Gas 11914
1,200 Pressed Steel Car ! 4iii
300 Proved Steel Car prefd SW 2
• - Pullman Palace Car 208
11.2C0 Henublic Steel 2'>*~>
1.7C0 Republic Steel prefd 76
4.900 Sugar 142%
2:».400 Tenness=ee Coal & Iron 71
2,400 Vnion Bag & Rnper Company 17%
600 Union Bag & Pape^- Co prefd 73U
1.100 United States Leather 14
1,700 United States Leather prefd 7sX
300 United States Rubber n
100 United States Rubber prefd 6'
P2.100 United States- Steel 49
23.MM United States Steel prefd ;i$%
3,400 Western Union ; 95^
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
DRIED FRUITS,
Little trading -viTBs- noted in the market for
Evaporated Apples to-day, but values held pret
ty, steady, owing tor the scarcity of goods.
State, common to good, - : 4V£0S5c; prime, 6'/4@5%c;
choice. 6@6i,4c; fancy, 6%©7c. • -:
California dried. fruits, were Inactive.
PRUNKS— 5%(S6Vic, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8@12c; Moorpark. 7%@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, : li@18c; unpeeled, 6@10c.-
mild quiet; Cordova, 8!i@12%c. Futures closed
firm, -net unchanged to 5 points higher. Total
sales. 33,500 bags, including June, ' 5c ; July, 5@
6.05c; August,' 5.05c; September, 6.15@5.20c; Oc
tober, ,5.25c; November 5.20c; December, 5.35®
5.40c.-.. ; . ;. -. - , . - .• , - : ¦ -
¦'¦SUGAR— Raw steady; lair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal,. .'96 test, 4Uc. - Molasses sugar, 3%c.
Refined quiet. - - .. ¦ -
BUTTER— Receipts 17,817 packages; firmer;
creamery, :15@19i4c; factory, 12V4@14%c. .
EGGS— Receipts 13.705 . packages; firm; West
ern, ungraded, ll@12%c; Western, candled, 13@
13%c. ¦ . ¦ .. - .,_ .. . ¦- - ' ¦
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, June 13.— Wheat — Nothing
doing, but exporters bid 59c for Walla Walla.
TACOMA, June 18.— "V\ r heat— Dull and un
changed; Bluestem, 61c; Club, 59c.
OREGON.
Northern IVheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., June IS.— Clearings, J30S.
454; balances, $43,363. . /' -
"WHEAT— Spot dull; No. 2 red, Western win
ter, 5s 10«Ad; No. 1. Northern spring, Es 9%d;
No. 1 California, 6s. -Futures quiet; July, Gs
8%d; September, 5s %%&. : -
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed. No. 1.
3s ll?id ; American mixed, -old,' 4s 2«Ad. Fu
tures quiet;. July, 3s ll%d; September, ~3s ll%d:
October, nominal.
CLOSING,
LIVERPOOL. June IS.— Wheat quiet: No. 1
standard California, 6s 6%d; wheat in Paris,
firm; flour in Paris, firm; Ffench country mar
kets, part dearer; weather in England, - part
cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 21-32d.*
LONDON, June IS.— Consols, 93%; silver, 27%;
French rentes, lOOf 2%c; cargoes on passage,
quiet and steady; No. 1 standard California,
29s 4%d; Walla Walla, 29s 3d; English country
markets, quiet. . ¦ ¦.•-•¦ •¦¦¦¦¦
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK. June 18.— Cotton futures closed
steady with prices net four to seven» points
lower. . ¦
New York.Cotton Market.
Lead and spelter locally were without change
as to price, • but spelter In London lost 2s 6d.
Spot closed at £17 10s. . ,
In London copper was a shade firmer and
closed with spot at £6S 18s 9d, and futures at
£6D 7s 6d. Here the market was unchanged at
$17 for lake and $16 G2& for casting.
Pig Iron warrants declined twenty-five points
to-day, closing, at J9 50@10: Northern foundry.
?14 25(S;15 EO; Southern foundry, J13 75@15 25. .
NKW. YORK. June IS.— Trading in tin- both
at home and abroad was on a small scale, and
what was done was chiefly to meet immediate
requirements. In London values were without
change. Here, however, a weak undertone was
apparent in the absence of support, and values
were reduced fifteen points, closing with spot
at *27 50<5,28. ,-...-
New York Metal Market.
speculative feeling among manufacturers is
noted by dealers, who say the former are only
buying to supply present- demands. Territory
wools continue to lead the sales. Fine me
dium, and fine are quoted on the scoured basis
of 40@42c and the strictly - staple at . 44@45c.
Following are quotations: Territory wools,
scoured basis — Montana — Fine medium and fine,
13@14c;. scoured, 40@42c; staple, 44@45c; scoured,
44@45c. Utah. Wyoming- and Idaho — Fine me
dium and fine, 12@13c; scoured, 40@42c; staple,
41@41%c; scoured, 43@44c. Australian, scoured
basis, "spot prices— Combing, superfine, 71<8>72c;
good, 6S@70c; average, 65@67e.
GRAIN BAGS-Tha market for Grain Bags
continues firm, owing to the fine crop prosuecta
San Quenttn.Bags. J5 C5; Calcutta Grain Ba«'
7%ci local' make 3 . He less than Caicuttas- wll't
Bags. 3O®34C! Fleece Twine. 7U® S o! J
CANNED FRUITS-The Calif orola vPr.,1*
SS^SL J SS amx^ announce8 th ™ &££*
$1 25: 2U-Ib Boconda. .11 IS. 'ApriSuWSl
General Merchandise.
Hides, Talloxv, Wool and Heps.
Wool la lifeless *t the moment, as most of
the local buyers have con» up to Uktah to at
tend th» sales thens. Prices remain without
change.
There Is ncthlnsr flolny In Hops. Quotation-.
»r» wholly nominal.
HMea continue to sell oft wedlly at ttead?
AND SKIN'S-Culli and brand* **n
about 1H? «nd*r quotation*. Heavy Saittli
HMaCrtttgfc far heavy an«l S^V for Hsh •
Stan*. «V; S«U*l Kip. »Ho; Salted v.vtV
euh, w»i«fuc : »ry kipI it« i^rc^jf* wlti
17c; i^lls and Kran.ls, nnile: KWiMkin?
•hwjrHnw. 15«|»e ««ch;* short \v3. 'ffiwe
«*oh; medium, WK3T.V; Jons wool £w*«?
M«lk "»«** HMe*. wit. ttVSVuri
*«a $3 i5 for medium. t\ «(\jfi 75 Vr «n»ii -iT»
Me tor -Colt*'. Hor»* HUW, v\ry *\ 75 f "'* l ,' 2S 1
« m for ¦mwltuni, « 55 r^r .mall anS T^ttr
(\>n8. Deeroktnit-Suinmer or r*,l ikin« v«t
rail or medium »klns. Siv« winter or thin »vint*
We. Ooflt«Vlns-rrlme .\Wr^ 7Sc- u?«J k i%
¦month, KV: in»KUum. S.V\ "*•'•»«• '««? and
TALCOW— N*«v 1 rtMi.l*r*1. 4Hlf4^;o Mr lh»
choice, f.c: No, J, 3UiG4c: grease S»5°i« '
AN-OOI^rrtnR; 19C0 or lm-l'lum^Mt .«^
Mendoolno «©MHe per lb: Northern f^ m»
13oj dofectlw. 8©llc: Middle County tr£' \?\4
He: do defective S©10o; Southern ij^'nth?
8©3c: Southern. Vre«. 7 month?. 7©>loS-™S *&
fectlve, 7 months, 7QSc: Oregon viliov «nt
uaioc; do medium and io«S? TlOis c i 5«5SS*
Nevada* nc° lCe - UmCl d °« falV «» Si. SuS:
HOPS— 15<J20o per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and lOVic for pure: half -barrels, pure
lOu.A'in&.iv-io-lb tins. ll«SU%c: 5-lb tins lWc"
COTTOLENE-One half-barrel. 9*c; three
half-barrels, 9\4c: one tierce. 9Hc: two tierces
9c: five tierce?. S%c per lb. , .- <
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy
12^@13c for light medium. 13}»c for light. 14% c
for extra light and lo^c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 121i«13c: Mess Beef. J12
per barrel: extra Mess. $12 50; Family. J13 50
prime Mess Pork. $15: extra clear. $23; Mess
$19; Smoked Beef. 13%©14c per lb.
The market stands about the same. Trade is
not brisk, though there is a fair local demand
and a few country orders are being received.
Holders are generally firm in their views. '
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and 9«9%
for light amber: water white extracted, 5tg5U C 
light amber extracted, 4@4^c; dark, 3'4c. L
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb.
NUTS— "Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ll@ll^c;
No. 2. S@8»4c: No. 1 hardshell. 10@10>4c: No. 2
6^@7Hc; Almonds, 13@l4c for paper-shell 10i?j
He for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell: Pea
nuts. 5@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, lliffillUc*
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
J3 50(35.
Apples continue firm, owing to the poor crop
outlook In the East, and the temporary weak
ness in the New York . market seems to have
passed away. Prunes are also in rather better
tone than they have been, owing to the short
crop here and the poorer crop prospects in
France. A deal Is said to be pending in Raisins
whereby a large- line will soon be sold. Nuts
and Honey continue dull and unchanged.
FRUITS— Apricots. 5@7%c for old crop and
7%@8 1 ,4e for new: Evaporated Apples. 5MfS6c;
sun dried. 1%@2%c: Peaches. 3'A®4c for stand
ard, V6<BZ\ic for choice and fi®6V2C for fancy:
Pears, 2@7c: Plums, pitted, 3@4c; unpitted. %©
l%c; Nectarines, 4@4^ic for red and 4®5c for
white.
PRUNES— 4 sizes. 3c; 40-50s. 6ljc; 50-60s, 4%c;
60-70s. 3%c; 70-SOs, 3}4c; S0-90s, 2*ic; 90- 100s, 2iic*
lC0-120s,.l%c.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c: prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 3c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lOVic per lb;
choice, 9^4c: standard, S'fic: prime, Sc; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c: Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6UC: 4-crown. 7c: 3-crown. 6«4c: 2-crown, 6c:
Pacific brand— 2-crown. 5c: 3-crown. 5%c. and
4-crown, o^c; seeded (Fresno prices). 5Vic;
London Layers. 2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown,
$1 60: Fancy Clusters, J2; Dehesa, J2 50; Im
perials, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points nl California.
There is not much doing in new Apricots, the
demand, both here and in the East, being apa
thetic. The new English tariff on canned Apri
cots will tend to increase the output of the
dried product.
MELONS— Watermelons from Indio. 25@30c
apiece; Nutmecs, from Yuma, Jl 25®3 per
crate; from Indio, in large crates, J4 50.
GRAPES— Seedless, from Arizona, J2 per
crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, Jl 25tf?3:
Seedlines. JliBl 73; Mediterranean Sweets. Jl 23
ffil 75: Valencias. Jl@3; Tangerines. 50c®$l 23;
Lemons. 75c(ff $1 25 for common and Jl 50©2 50
for good to choice; Grape Fruit 50c@Jl 50; Mex
ican Limes, ?4@5; Bananas, Jl®2 per bunch for
New Orleans and Jl<@2 for Honolulu; Pine
apples, J2S4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3©5 - for large berries. Receipts
were 557 chests.
LOGAN BERRIES— $3iS« per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $3(@5 per chest and 5C@65c
per crate.
RASPBERRIES— $3 50@7 per chest and 50c@Jl
" GOOSEBERRIES— 25@30c per drawer and 1%
@2c in bulk.
CURRANTS— $2 50(06 per che^st.
FIGS — From near-by points, 50c@Jl per box
for single and Jl@l 50 for double layers: from
Yuma. • per crate.
PLUMS— 15<g30c per box, 20@35c per crate and
15@30c per basket for Clyman. and 50@75c per
crate for Tragedy.
CHERRY PLUMS— 20©35c per box.
PEACHES— 25(goCc per box and 25@50c per
basket. - ' ¦'
PEARS— Madelines, 15@30c per box and 12%@
13c per basket.
CHERRIES— 60c«8$l for dark and 63c® Jl for
Royal Anne; in bulk, 5@8c per lb for- black,
5<p:6c for red and 5@9c for Royal Anne.
APPLES— Cold storage, old. Jl 23(32 50 per
box; new, 20(530c per small and 5Cc@$l per large
box. and 10!*525c per basket.
APRICOTS— 25(3 50c per box, 35@60c per crate
and . 25@50c per basket.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
The canners say that they will rot take manv
Apricots this year, as the new English .tariff
on canned Apricots will shut California fruit
out of that important market. The market is
sufficiently supplied with this fruit, though
most of it is small and inferior.
Berries are offering freely and prices are
lower and weak. Currants keep up well.
Figs are coming in quite freely now and
prices are declining. Cherries, are on their
last legs. Peachfs. Apples, Pears and Plums
are plentiful, though no further decline is
noted.
I Bananas are quoted lower under heavy sup
plies. | Lemons and Limes are also plentiful
and weak. The demand for Oranges has fallen
off considerably, owing to the liberal supplies
of summer fruits, and this description is like
wise weak. Four cars are announced for to
day's auction.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter is dull. A good many people are out
of town, and were It not for the free cold stor
ing going on stocks would be excessive. Prices
are maintained, however.
Supplies of Cheese continue, largo and the
market rules weak.
As previously mentioned, the advance In Eggs
has checked the demand and the market lacks,
snap. There are plenty here, and some dealers
report an over supply. ¦
Receipts were 59.4CO pounds and 341 tubs or
Butter, 1186 cases of Eggs, 7S0 cases Eastern
Eggs. 64SO pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery. 17%@lSc per lb for fancy
and 16»4®17c for seconds; dairy. 14@16%c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 8@9c; old, nominal; Young
Americas, D@10c per lb. '
EGGS— Ranch. 15@lS%c for good to fancy;
store, 12%@14Uc per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts. 16c; seconds,
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts, 13c; seconds, 14c;
store. 13c.
CHESSE— Fancy, full cream, 8c : choice, 7%c;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 9c; East
ern, full cream, 15@16^c per lb. ¦
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected white. 17%c;
mixed colors. 15c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 15c; standard.
12Hc: seconds, .
Eastern— Standard, 14c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
¦ Poultry continues weak and dull, receipts of
both Eastern and local thus far this week be
ing liberal. Old stock of all descriptions is
especially depressed. ,
Another car of Eastern came in, maxlng rour
this week. ¦ ' _ ...
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8@10c for Gobblers
and SiglOc for Hens: Geese, per pair, $1®1 Za:
Goslings. J1®1 25; Ducks. $3 5C@4 for old and
J4@5 for young; Hens, J3@4; young Roosters.
?S«8; old Roosters. ?3@3 50; Fryers. $4@5; Broi
ers, $0@4 for large and $1 75@2 50 for small:
Pigeons, $1 23@1 50 per dozen for old and Jl a
©1 50 for Souabs. " „ .
GAME— Hare. $1<??1 25: Rabbits. Jl 25@1 50 for
Cottontail and 75c<gjl for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
lb; Ess Plant, 6@l<te per lb; Green Corn,.$l®
2 per Back; Summer Squash. 25@o0c per box;
Bay do, 75c@$l.
Flour, qr ska IMSi' iWlne, gals ...... 22 701
Wheat, ctls 3.7S0> IPelts. bdls 2*5
Barley. ctls 3.25i« Wool, .bales 127
Oats, ctls 335 ?traw. tons 16
Tallow, ctls 228 Hay, tons 323
Sugar, ska 4,000 >n!ons. sks. ...... 3-T7
Lime, bbla 7SS 'Potatoes, sks .... 1877.
Quicksilver, flsks 50 Hides. No 3S3
Leather, rolls ... SG »
FOR TUESDAY. JUNE IS.
Receipts of Produce.
Beef Is weaker. Prices for all other descrip
tions rematn unchanged, and all are in ample
supply for the demand, which is light, as usual
during the summer, "when many people are out
of town. *
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6?i@7c for Steers and 6@6isc per lb far
cows.
VEAL— Laiw. 7%(3Sc: small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@3c; Ewes. 6V4@7c per
pounds.
LAMB — Spring. 8(S?9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs and under. 6®6%ie;
ISO to 2C5 lbs, 6c; 223 and over, 5%S3?»c; feed
ers. ; dressed Hogs, 7Vi@9^c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. J1S@1!>; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood. $1S@19: Lath, 4 feet. J3 9O#4: Picket a.
J20: Shingles. ?2 for common and J2 75 for
fancy; Shakes, J13 for split and J14> for sawa;
Rustic. J23@29.
Crushed. 6.25c: Powdered. 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.85c: Dry Granulated, 5.75o: Confec
tioners' A. 5.73c: Fruit Granulated. 5.75c; Mag
nolia A, 5.35c; Extra C, 5.25c: Gulden C. 5.15c:
barrels, 10c more: half-barrels, 25c more; box
es, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or its equlvaler t.
Dominos. half-barrels. 6.50c; boxes. 6.73c per lb.
SALT — H. R. H. Is auoted at J1S 73 per ton
in large sacks and J19 75 in oVa. Liverpool ia
quoted at J17JJ1S 50 for the best and J14 5C.fi
15 25 for lower grades. Hlgglns*. J27 50@20
per ton.
QUICKSILVER— J45 5C@47 per flask for local
use and J43 50 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany Quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
COAL OIL— Water White Coal. Oil. In bulk:
12>ic; Pearl Oil. in cases, lS^ic; Astral, lS^-c;
Star. lS%c; . Extra Star. 22'/2c; Elaine. 23% c:
"Eocene. 20^c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 13c; in cases. 21c; Benzine, In bulk. He:
In cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 2Cc;
in ' cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE — 55c per gallon in cases a:nd
43c tn drums or Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%©
7%c per lb; White Lead, 7@7%c, according to
quantity. . .
OILS — Linseed la higher. California Castor
Oil, in cases. No. 1, 75c: pure. Jl 30; Unseed
Oil. in barrels, boiled, 77c; raw, 75c; cases. 5c
more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained, barrels.
80o; cases. S5c: China Nut. 53@63c per gallon;
pure Neatsfoot Oil, barrels. 65c; cases. 7Cc;
Sperm, pure. 65c; Whale Oil, natural while.
37%@42%c per gallon; Kish Oil, In barrels, 3ic;
cases. 40c. - " JtfM
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 28@32c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium. 26@30c; Sole Leather, light.
23@2Se; Rough Leather, heavy. 27(g28c; Rou;?h
Leather, light, 25@2oc: Harness Leather, hea\~y.
38® 39c for No. 1 and 30@33c for No. 2; Hames3
Leather, medium/ 30@37c; Harness Leather,
llsjht. 29@35c; Skirting:, 3G@40c: Collar Leather,
15,'ail6c per foot; Kip, unfinished. 40@50c per lb:
Veal, finished. 50©55c; Calf, finished, 73c@« :»;
Sides, finished, 16@17c per foot: Belt Kn.fe
Splits, 14-raiSc; Rough Splits. S^lOc per lb.
TANB ARK— Ground. J26@23 per ton; Stick,
J1S@2O per cord.
Guatemala and Mexican— UYzi&UMc for prime
to fancy washed: 10%@10%c for strictly good
washed: 9}i@10c for good washed; 8®9*ic for
fair washed; IV^l^c for medium; 5&@7c for
Inferior to ordinary: 10%@12c for good to prim*
washed peaberry: 5@9%c nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; 7%@S*ic nominal
for good to superior unwashed.
Salvador— 12@13*,2C for strictly prime washed;
9@ll%c for good to prime washed; 8@S%c lor
fair washed: 10%@12c for good to prime wasbed
peaberry; S^iiBSc for good to prime semi
washed: S%@8%c tor superior unwashed; 79i@Sc
for good green unwashed; 8%@9*4c ror good. to
superior unwashad peaberry; 637^20 for cojp
mon to ordlnarj'. •
- Nicaragua— ll^&QUc for prime to fancy
washed ; 9@llc for fair to strictly good washed :
7^2@3c for good to superior unwashed; 8*i@9Uc
for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 14S14>?c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; ll'/2@13^c for prime
washed; 10%Qllc for good washed, ll@12^ac for
good to prime washed peaberry; lOigJlOHc lor
good to prime peaberry; 9%@10»ic for good to
prime; 8*4@9c for fair; 6@7%c for common to
ordinary.
! tras, J3 25; 2%-lb extras. |1 50; 2%-lb extra
standards, $1 25; 2%-lb standards, $1 15; 2^-lb
seconds, $1; peeled. 3-lb extras, $2 60; 2^i-lb
extras, $1 80; 2',4-lb extra standards, $1 50:
sliced, 3-lb extras, $2 60; 3',4-lb extras, 31 50;
2^-lb extra standards. 51 50. EIackberriea-3
lb extras. $2 25; 2%-lb extras, $1 60; 2Vs-lb extra
standards. $1 40; 2te-lb standards. $1 35; 2&-lb
seconds. Jl 30. Cherries— Royal Anne. 3-lb ex
tras. |2 85; 2%-lb extras. $2 13; 2',i-lb extra
standards, $1 90; 2%-lb standards, Jl 80; 2^-lb
seconds,. $1 60; White. 3-lb extras, $2 60; 2%-lb
extras, $2; 2»£-lb extra standards, jl 80; 2V»-lb
standards. $1 70; 2%-lb seconds, Jl 50; Black.
3-lb extras. $2 60; 2»-i-lb extras. $2; 2V£-lb extra
standards. Jl 80; 2%-lb standards. Jl 70; 2%-lb
seconds. Jl 50. Grapes — White Muscat, 3-lb ex
tras, |2; 2^-lb extras. Jl 35; 2%-lb extra stand
ards, $1 15; 2^-lb standards, $1 05; 2%-lb sec
onds, 95c. Nectarines— 3-lb extras, $2 2%-lb
extras, $1 50; 2%-lb extra standards. $1 25; 2>i
lb standards, $1 15; 3%-lb seconds Jl. Peach ea
Yellow, 3-lb extras. *2 25; 2«£-lb extras, $1 B5;
2Mrlb extra standards, $140; J'i-lb standards,
tl 30; 5%-lb seconds, $1 20; Lemon Cling 3-lb
extras, $2 40; 2%-lb extras, $1 75; flfr-Ib. extra
standards, $150; 2^-lb standards. Jl 40; 2^3- lb
seconds. $1 30; Lemon Cling sliced, 3-lb extras
J2 40; extras. Jl 73; 2^-lb extra stand
ards. Jl 50; 2%-lb standards, $1 40; 2V ; .-lb sec
onds. $130; White Heath. 3-lb extras, $2 IC;
Z\L-lb extras. Jl 70; 2^-lb extra standards, $1 45;
2 1 /i-lb standards. Jl 35; 2Vi-lb seconds. $1 gjj
White Heath sliced, 3-lb extras, $2 35; 2>.i-lb
extras, Jl 70; 2%-lb extra standards, $l" 15.
Pears— Bartlett, 3-lb extras. $2 40; 2Vi-lb extras.
$1 75; 2%-lb extra standards. Jl 50; 2%-Ib stand
ards, $1 40; 2%-lb seconds, $1 25. Plums— Green
Case, 3-lb extras, Jl 85; 2%-lb extras. Jl U5;
2%-lb extra standards, Jl 10; 2^-lb standards.
$1; 2&-lb seconds, 90c; Egg, 3-lb extras, Jl }¦;>;
2H-lb extras, $1 25; 2}i-lb extra standards,
$1 10; 2&-lb standards, $1; 2%-lb seconds, 9(c;
Gold Drop, 3-lb extras, Jl 85; 2%-lb extras.
Jl 23; 2Vs-lb extra standards, Jl 10: 2%-lb stand
ards, $1; 2%-lb seconds. 90c; Damson, 3-lb ex
tras, Jl 90; 2%-lb extras, Jl 30; 2^-lb extra
standards. Jl 15; 2',3-lb standards, Jl 05; 2',^-lb
seconds, 95c. Quinces— 3-lb extras, J2 35: 2V lb
extras, Jl 55; 2%-lb extra standards. Jl 30: Z/ 2 
lb standards, Jl 20; 2%-lb seconds, Jl 10. Rasp
berries—2%-lb extras, $2; 2%-lb extra standards,
Jl 75; 2'i-lb standards, Jl 65; 2!i-lb seconds.
$1 65. Strawberries, 2%-lb extras. Jl 75; 2U~lb
extra standards. Jl 50; 2!i-lb standards, Jl 40;
2H-lb seconds, Jl SO. . x
COAL — Wellington, J9 per ton; Southfl«!d
Wellington. J9; Seattle, J7; Bryant, J6 50; Coos
Bay, J5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, J12 In bulk and $13 23 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel. J10 per ton; Coke. J13 per ton in bulk and
J17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45
per 20C0 lbs and JS 60 per ton, according to
brand.
CORDAGE— Prices are %c lower. The local
cordage company quotes as follows: Pure Ma
nila, 12Vic per lb; Sisal size. 9Vic; Bale Rope.
9c; Duplex. 8%c. Terms, 60 days, or l^i per
cent cash discount. Lots of 10,000 lbs, lc less.
¦ PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, ec:
cases, regular, J5 50; cases, extra large, $5 75;
cases. Eastern style, J6 50; Boneless. 7c. Xcr
way. 7%c; Narrow-gauge, 7^0 : Silver King,
7%c; blocks Oriental. 7c; blocks. Seabright.
7%^; tablets, 7%c: middles. Golden State, 7%c:
middles. White Seal, S%c; 5-lb boxes fancy.
boneless. 0c; 2-lb boxes fancy, boneless. 7<^c;
desiccated, per doz. 75c; Pickled Cod. barrels,
each, J7 75; Pickled Cod, half-barrels, each.
U *5.
THE S«:;F^^CISGG^CALL,^EDNESDAY,i; JUNE 19, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Continued on Page Eleven.
THE COAST RECORD
8
STATIONS.
' O E E O
*» ?c ?e -o
? = 2 : 3 p- §
a
I*
•1
1
• 91
Astoria 29.98 64 ES SW
Baker 29.S3 76 C2 E
Cloudy-
Cloudy
.00
.14
uarson 29.82 . S2 50 , S Cloudy .00
Eureka ,.29.92 60 52 NW Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.76 98 60 - W Pt Cldy .00
Flagstaff ..29.94 76 40. S Clear .00
Pocatello, Idaho.39.75 86 52 SW Cloudy T.
Independence ...29.64 85 60 SE Pt Cldy .00
Los Angeles 29. 8S 74 5S \V Cloudy .0)
Phoenix -..29.68 98 66 " N Cloudy .00
Portland 29.72 8S 53 NW Clear " .00
Red Bluff 29.72 90 64 SE Clear ..00
Roseburg 29.74 84 56 NW Clear .00
Sacramento 29.80 84 54 SW . Pt Cldy .00
Salt Lake 29.66 90 5S S Clear • .00
3an Francisco ..29.94 5S 5") W Cloudy T.
San Luis Obispo.29.94 78 50' W Clear .00
San Diego 29.88 66 58 NW Clear .00
Seattle 29.74 86 56 NW Clear .00
Spokane 29.74 86 50 W Clear .00
STeah Bay 29.82 6S 50 W Clear .00
Walla Walla ...29.70 90 5S XE Clear ¦ .00
winnemucca ....29.66 86 52 NE Cloudy .0D
i'uma 29.68 96 68 S Pt Cldy .00
uarson 29.82 . S2 50 , S Cloudy .00
Eureka ,.29.92 60 52 NW Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.76 98 60 - W Pt Cldy .00
Flagstaff ..29.94 76 40. S Clear .00
Pocatello, Idaho.39.75 86 52 SW Cloudy T.
Independence ...29.64 85 60 SE Pt Cldy .00
Los Angeles 29. 8S 74 5S \V Cloudy .0)
Phoenix -..29.68 98 66 " N Cloudy .00
Portland 29.72 8S 53 NW Clear " .00
Red Bluff 29.72 90 64 SE Clear ..00
Roseburg 29.74 84 56 NW Clear .00
Sacramento 29.80 84 54 SW . Pt Cldy .00
Salt Lake 29.66 90 5S S Clear • .00
3an Francisco ..29.94 5S 5") W Cloudy T.
San Luis Obispo.29.94 78 50' W Clear .00
San Diego 29.88 66 58 NW Clear .00
Seattle 29.74 86 56 NW Clear .00
Spokane 29.74 86 50 W Clear .00
STeah Bay 29.82 6S 50 W Clear .00
Walla Walla ...29.70 90 5S XE Clear ¦ .00
winnemucca ....29.66 86 52 NE Cloudy .0D
i'uma 29.68 96 68 S Pt Cldy .00
STATIONS.
' O E E O
*» ?c ?e -o
? = 2 : 3 p- §
a
I*
•1
1
• 91
Astoria 29.98 64 ES SW
Baker 29.S3 76 C2 E
Cloudy-
Cloudy
.00
.14PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE
ITALIAN COLONY WHO ARE TO
BE MARRIED TO-DAY. _
ocean steamer:
. SCILLT— Passed June 18— Stmr Deutschland,
from New York, for Plymouth," Cherbourg and
Hambury.
EUREKA — Arrived - June f 18— Scbr g Mabel
Gray, from San Dleso. . ' . ••.."• v "
Sailed June. 18^Stmrs Pomona and Banta
Barbara an-1 Bchr Mary Buhne, . for San Fran
cisco; Br. chip Aberystwlth Castle,; for. Sydney.
SAILED. ¦¦ .-,; . ;: -:^\
¦'.. Tuesday, June 18.'
Stmr Santa Cruz, Smith. Port ¦ Harford. ¦•.'.
Stmr Scotia, Walvls, . . .
. DOMESTIC . PORT..
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Recommendations • were- -made '.to the
State Board of Education as follows:
Bertha E. Morgsn.Sfor life diploma; Effle
I. Hawkins, for document* to accompany
Normal diploma. . •
SANTA CRUZ, June 18. .Certificates
have been issued to the following teachers
by the County Board of Education:
Grammar grade certificates— Lottie B. Wood.
I .aura Hall: primary grade certificates— Mabel
Cross, "Winslow Gordon, Alleen Bride. Annie C.
Paulsen. Annie L. Thompson. Anna Bias, Min
nie T^owry. , Lonnie Abbot;- certificates on cre
dentials— R.'W. Tully. grammar grade on-Unl
verslty of California diploma; Irma I. Simon,
grammar grade on San Jose Normal, diploma;
Edith V. Edwards, grammar grade on" San Jose
Normal diploma; Edna C." Cutler, grammar
grade on San 'Jose Normal diploma; Alberta B.
Cox, . grammar grade on life diploma. ' t ,¦¦¦¦. v
Certificates for New Teachers.
SACRAMENTO.' June ,18.— State Super
intendent T.- J. Kirk- has written a letter
to Superintendent Doub of Kern County
requesting him to follow the statutes gov
erning the case in respect to the arrange
ment of the course of study in the schools
of his county, and the use of prescribed
State school .textbopks. Though, accord
ing to the printed statement of Superin
tendent Doub, copies 'of his" course ¦ of.
study have' been, sent' to all the county
boards of education In the. State; the State
Superintendent complains that he. has not
yet secured a copy. - . . .
-According to the course of study, three
copies of which at leastrare in^this city,
the' use of histories compiled by Doub is
ordered in Kern County.^
BAKERSFIELD. June 18.—Superinten
dent of Schools Doub/ in speaking of the
charge that Kern County, Is violating the
State textbook law, said to-day: >
The school authorities of this county have not
required nor do they intend to require pupils to
purchase ' any textbooks excent ¦ those of .the
State series.- In this county, .as in many other
counties of the State, some ' of the State . text
books are not used very " extensively, but ¦ th»
pupils are not required to purchase others. Tho
school • libraries are '-, belngr well stocked with
good supplementary and. reference books.' all of
which are purchased with county and library
funds but this • is In strict compliance . with
both. the letter and the spirit of the law. >-.:
Forges President Hays' Name.
QGDEN, Utah, ; June ; 18.— A young : man
nanied* J. . P. 4 Hays', and . claiming : to be a
nephew of President Hays of the Southern
Pacific, Is -wanted^ here . f or ¦ forgery. He
Is accused , of i> having ? forged :. the presi
dent's name '¦ to a ' railroad pass, ' by which
he F attempted " to <¦ go ¦ west. 5 The ¦ forgery
was detected and he was put off the train
at'Kelton. . , "'
State -Superintendent of Public In
struction Writes to an Official
at Bakersfield. .
WANTS LAW OBSERVED
¦ IN SCHOOLS OF KERN
SAN BERNARDINO, June 18.— The will
nf Henry LC Drew, late president of the
Farmers' Exchange Bank of this city,
was filed to-day. The estate Is appraised
at f 47-t 000 and consists of land, mines. and
caFh, all in this county, with the excep
tion of a gold mine In Arizona, which has
recently been bonded for $150,000. The es
tate is left to the widow and four sons.
Colonel Drew died here one week ago.
after an Illness of four davs with pneu
monia. He came here In 1«75. '
Leaves Valuable Land and Mines.
Falls From Her Bicycle.
.PACIFIC GROVE. June 18— Mrs. R. R.
Patterson; of ; Berkeley., sustained:: severe
injuries « from a fall ' from V her , Jbicycle
while : riding ; down ; a" steep on LJght
house. road to-day. She was >? badly ¦ cut
about. the head. and face and one: leg was
bruised. :
Governor Allen has decided to call the
Porto. Rico Assembly in extra session for
the sole purpose of passing a resolution to
this I effeci, I according - to section' 3 of ' the i
Foraker law. The session will be held on '
July 4. The Assembly. will take no legls- •
latlve .action other, than that I herein re-;
ferred to.". It is announced that the pres
ent supply of sugar will probably be held
here until the establishment of -free trade
with the United States. .':¦¦' '
PORTO RICO TO HAVE
¦ FREE TRADE AT ONCE
Governor Allen Calls an Extra Ses
sion of the Assembly for
'.SAN JUAN, Porto Rico. June 18.— After
a careful study of the report submitted by
J. H. Hollander, Governor Allen is satis
fied that the present system of . insular
taxation produces sufficient, revenue i for
Porto Rico's needs and that. consequently
the island maintains itself without the use
of customs duties on trade with the United
States. ' - - ; -. . ".; '• •
NEW YORK, June 18.— The Sun has the
following from Paris: Mme. Marchesi's
students save a very successful concert
at the Salle Hoche to-day. All musical
Paris was present. A remarkable feature
of the concert was the number of Ameri
can, girls who wpre selected to ping.. It
was probably for this reason that -.Gen
eral Horace Porter, the American Embas
sador, attended.
Among the', charming singers -were
Claudia Hockenhull of Boston, Lou Orms
by of Omaha, Kathryn Coven of Charles
ton, Elizabeth: Parkinson of Kansas City,
Mo., and Ellen Beach Yaw of San.Fran
cisco. Hannebains of the opera company
accompanied Miss Yaw on the flute in an
aria' from . "Lticia di Lammermoor." The
singer's voice -and the notes of the flute
blended in* such perfect harmony that it
was almost impossible to distinguish one
from the other.
Her Singing Charms Aristocratic
Audience at a Concert in
Paris. ____
ILLEN BEACH YAW
SCORES GREAT HIT
! Eleven years ago Adams' wife died and
after that he began to seek comfort in
the cup. The habit became so strong that
at last he succumbed and ' the climax
came the day he was read out officially
from . the ministry of ' the Episcopal
Church. This formal deposing occurred
a year ago last January. Bishop William
Ford Nichols performed the distressing
duty In San Francisco. Then Adams had
been rector of St. Andrew's church at
West Oakland. After he had been offi
cially ousted from the ministry he fell
rapidly. Brutality to his children became
so common that many times did Dr. Jes
sup. their Intimate friend, and others in
Berkeley interfere.
Miss Adams is at the residence of Mrs.
Arnold Steubenrach at 1741 Walnut street,
where she Is under Dr. Rowell's care. It
Sought Bottle When "Wife Died.
Deputy Coroner Streightiff took charge
of the case and removed the body to the
Morgue at Berkeley, where an. inquest
will be held. A charge of murder will
be registered against Adams at once.
The man who is now a murderer was in
a state bordering upon delirium tremens
at the County Jail to-day, and he was,'
like his victim, under 'medical attention.
His whisky-saturated brain was incap
able of -clear thought, but the former
clergyman managed to express his fervid
thanks that he had not' killed the man
who had for months stood between the
besotted parent and the daughter, who
is now critically ill from the effects of
last night's tragic affair, added to the
months of abuse to which her drink-rid
den father had subjected her. -¦:¦•¦.'
Pitiable as is the story of the downfall
of the once brilliant and scholarly, cleric,
the chapter that ended with the murder
of Dr. Jessup is the saddest. .
Murder Charge Against Adams.
BERKELEY, June 18.— Dr. John G. Jes
sup is dead. He passed away at 11:15
o'clock to-night at his residence, 2101
Hearst avenue, where he was taken after
he was shot by Charles G. Adams. The
attending surgeons gave up hope of re
covery several hours before the end came.
Although the wounded man rallied con
siderably after the first shock of the
shooting, giving the doctors much hope,
the continued severe internal hemorrhage
that could not be checked was deemed to
be a grave and alarming symptom.
During the earlier hours of, the even
ing the patient had to be kept under
opiates to ease the pain he was suffering
from the wound. At 10 o'clock this even
ing the change became so. marked for the
worse that the attending physicians gave
up all hope and saw the patient was sink
ing rapidly and would not -survive
through the night. The end came more
quickly than they expected. Death was
due to the shock and to extreme hemorr
hage. . ; .-
%V. J. Adams, brother of the arrested
man, came to Berkeley this morning and
called on his rtlece, Miss Agnes Adams,
and visited Dr. Jessup. He expressed no
desire to see his brother at the Oakland
jail. ' ..
This morning Adams' first query was
concerning the victim of his drunken
anger. v . .
• "Thank God, Jessup Is not dead," he ex
claimed. '"It is all because of drink. I
shot my best friend .when I fired at Jesr
sup."
Dr. Jessup's -wife, from whom he is sep
arated, is living in Marln County with
their daughter. She sent word she would
like to see her husband, but the surgeons
refused to permit the visit to be made.
Adams Has Wealthy Sister. '
Shortly before the shooting took place
Dr. Jessup had been in conference with
Dr. Rowell, planning to remove Adams
to a private sanitarium, where he could
be watched and kept from drink and
eventually cured of his fearful vice. Dr.
Rowell was consulting -with District At
torney Allen concerning the case at the
very time Dr. Jessup was shot.
Adams has a wealthy sister in the East
who is said to have been assisting materi
ally in the support of the family. Twice
s*he has taken him out of homes for in
ebriates, where his friends had placed
him. Recently she sent him $800, which
has been consumed in his last prolonged
debauch.
is planned to take her to some sanitarium,
where absolute rest will be prescribed for
her.
Will : Assess Railroad \ Property.
STOCKTON, June 18.-The State Board
of .Eauallzation, , in session, here to"-day
agreed' with County Assessor Ortman to'
make the State assessment- of right of
way of the Santa Fe: Railroad Company
Fixty - feet ; in ? Stockton, cutting > out six
blocks andtwo tracks containing, thirty
seven acres of . land,-. which.. the > railroad
company,' claimed, in .its.. right of :wav. to
be : assessed"; by; the State --. board. ,, ¦tThe
County Assessor, will therefore assess ,the
railroad, property- cut out of the claimed
right of way, as he has always done with
the Southern. Pacific property in ; this city:
MANILA, June 18.— Captain Andrew
Rowan of the Nineteenth; Infantry is un
der investigation j for the destruction of a
town and thereby causing. an active re
newal of the insurrection in the Island of
Bohol. A. native who had assassinated a
corporal was caught and' killed. Captain,
Rowan then burned an adjacent town, and
the i people, Inflamed with : rage, rejoined
the Insurgent General Samson. •'¦-.]
Callles insurgent troops .are beginning 1
to 1 - rendezvous. at Pagsajan, Lagruna prov
ince,, whence they will proceed to Santa
Cruz on Laguna de Bay to surrender. The
Americans are evacuating.;, Pagsajan at
Callles' - request:. In the . meanwhile the
saloons r In Lacuna are : closed. >, .'
INSiraRElCTION BENEWEI)
IN ISLAiND OF BOHOL
WASHINGTON, June 18.— The following
postofflce was established to-day: California
— Jupiter, Tuolumne ' County, "Washington
Tucker, postmaster. Postmasters commis
sioned: California— Thomas M. Polhamus,
Port Los Angeles; Lillia Stander, Stander.
Appointed:" Oregon— Henry Miller • Asbestos,
Jackson. .County, vice Frank Davis, resigned.
Pensions were Issued to-day as follows:
California— Original— Joseph A. Scott, Santa
Monica, $6; Andrew Hollywood, Oakland, $6.
Additional— Otto . Lavish, AVatsonville, $12.
Increase— William P. M. McCalllster Veter
ans' Home. Napa. $10; Edward Shank, San
Jose, $8; Jackson Craig-, Soldiers" Home, Los
Angeles, $12; Patrick Goggin, Veterans" Home
Napa, $12; Marcus H. Stgman, Soldiers' Home
Los Angeles, $12; John P. Hight. Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $12; George W. Carey,.
San Francisco, $10; John C. Malloy, Qraftan.
$8; Aaron Stiffler. Highlands, $10. Original
widows— Amanda Steadman, | Pomona, $8
Mexican .war widows— Elizabeth A. Abbott/
Sacramento, $8. War with Spain: Original—
Alfred Baddely, San Francisco, $6.
Oregon: Original— Lorenzo S. ' Thomas, Hub
bard. $6; Charles H. Landon, Mohawk, $6. Ad
ditional—Wyatt A". Stark, Mosier, $6. In
crease—Miles A. Holmes, Galesville' $8^
Washington: Original— Price Cunningham,
Crescent, $6.'. Increase— Morris B. White New
Whatcom. $8. Reissue and increase— Charles
C. Huggett. Olympia. $15. Original widows-
Margaret Rees, Chautauqua, $8.
Patents issued to-day: California— Joseph
N. Anderson, Mono" Lake, curtain support;
Louis Blatz, La' Miranda, npn-reflllable pack
age for semi-solids; Arthur J. ¦ Bolflrig, San
Francisco, volt recorder; -.Willis G. Dodd, San
Francisco, attachment for concentrating: ta
bles;' Thomas Dynan, Amador City, ore con
centrator; Ferdinand .Franz," San Francisco,
non-reflllable bottle; 'Charles E. .Hale, Ala
meda, assignor to J. • K. Armsby & Co., Chi
cago. 111., apparatus for steaming and spicing
dried fruits; Adolph- E. Knoch and S. Vogen,
Los -Angeles, - cylinder press: Samuel W. Lult
weiler, Los Angeles, pumping and reciproca
ting mechanism; Alfred -Magnuson, : Emery
ville, heating furnace; Francis Martin,' "' San
Francisco, bed; Alfred C. '. Stewart, - Santa
Paula, automatic hydrocarbon turner regula
tors; ¦ Ernest H. Wagner, deceased, Modesto.
S.~ J. Wilson, 'administrator, wheel hub arid
box therefor. , * ' • ¦ '.. . ,'
Oregon— Afton H. Drake, Union, lid - for
cooking utensils: . William -Friedlander, Port
land.- tin for fishing rods. , ¦ • - ¦¦ . ¦ .
Washington— Richard r Q. Hargrave, Col fax,
furniture drawer; , Michael B. Kassel, straw
stacker; William W.NOakes, assignor one
third to P.' Henning, Seattle, guitar: Samuel
S." Huffleton, S.eattle, protecting wooden piles.
Large Number of Pensions and Pat
ents Are Issued by Authorities
. at Washington.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
of a Sheriff.
SAN JOSE, June 18.— Henry Miller, who
was a student Jit the State Normal School
here and who, under a ruling of the State
Board of Trustees, was refused a certi
ficate because of "inaptitude for teach
ing," proposes to compel the faculty or
the San Jose school to come to terms. He
has secured an execution attachment for
costs in a suit at law and the Sheriff has
levied on the 'bank accounts of every
member of the faculty of the school, tying
up all their money except the small
change usually carried in their purses.
Summer vacations and new frocks are be
yond reach for the teachers until the at
tachment Is released.
Henry Miller, Who Was Refused a
Certificate, Enlists Services
TEACHERS' BANK MONEY'
TIED UP BY STUDENT
Pursuers of Buck Horn, a Umatilla
Indian, I*ocate Him. in the
mountains.
PENDLETON, Or., June 18.— Buck
Horn, a Umatilla Indian, has been found,
wounded to death, with- a bullet in his
right side and another in his thigh. Buck
Horn and a Yakima Indian named John,
Something made a murderous attack on
the chief of the Indian police, Bristow.
when he attempted to arrest them. Joe
Par and Jack, Indian policemen, fired on,
the offending Indians, but it was thought
that none of the shots took effect, both
Indians getting away into the mountains.
Partisans of Buck Horn and Something
now claim that the shooting was due to
the indiscretion of Chief Bristow In en
raging the Indians by insults. If Buck
Horn dies a question of murder will bo
raised. A party of Indians to-day in
formed Agent Wilder that John Some
thing had also, b'een shot and was In a
hiding place in the mountains. ¦-. V
FHn> THE FUGITIVE
DYING FROM THE WOTJND
DR. JESSUP SUCCUMBS TO WOUND
INFLICTED BY CHARLES G. ADAMS
Charge of Murder Is Made Against the Prisoner Imme
diately After His Victim Expires.
ONE of the leading social events
of the season in local Italian so
ciety will take place to-day at
St. Francis Church, when Miss
Ida Dal Valle will be married to
J. N. Sresovich.
Miss Dal Valle Is the daughter of Luigi
Dal Valle and one of the most accom
plished and popular young ladies in the
Italian colony. She has achieved con
siderable prominence in the local musi
cal world through her exceptional vocal
abilities, and for several years she has
been a leader in church charitable work.
Mr. Sresovich has long been a promi
nent member of various fraternities! In
the Native Sons and Druids he has held
the highest offices in the gift of the
lodges to which he belongs.. He is en
gaged in the fruit business with the well
known Sresovich firm, and has lately
been promoted to, the responsible .office
of secretary of the corporation.
Both of the young people have a host
of friends In exclusive Italian society,
and they start forth in married life with
enviable prospects. It is learned that
Miss Dal Valle will not relinquish her
leadership in philanthropic work.
The young couple are planning to enter
tain extensively " upon their return from
their bridal tour.
At the close of the ceremony to-day a
reception will be held in honor of the
event, to which a very large number of
friends have been invited. Miss Dal Valle
has already received many beautiful and
costly presents.
The couple will take a short bridal
tour to Southern California, after which
they will take up their residence in this
city.
The Commissioners adopted a resolution
requiring police officers on the sick list to
show cause why they should not be dis
missed from the force. This action was
taken in ¦ order to determine whether or
not they should be retired ona pension
or dismissed. The latter procedure is a.
necessity in the cases of the officers who
have been unable to perform" duty for a
great length of time, . unless they., make
application for retirement.
Permits. to carry weapons were granted
twenty-one applicants, mainly/s employes
of various iron works. . . ' '.*¦¦ .¦
E. Furey.P. Horold. W. E. Coe, C. J.
Coe. J. Brlckwedel, W. F. McAllster, F.
O'Nell, H. W. C./Greenway and E. R.
"White were appointed special officers by
the Commissioners.
The Police Commissioners, at their
meeting last night, unanimously adapted
the plan suggested by Chief Sullivan,
whereby the police officers shall on and
after July 1 serve nine-hour watches.
Under the new plan the officers' watches
wlU be from 1 to 10 p. m." and from 10
p.m. to 7 a. m. From 1 a. m. to 1 p. m.
will be known as the "short watch," and
will be kept by , men selected from the
1 to 10 p. m. watch. By this. means each
officer will perform duty nine hours daily
with the exception of one day Jn forty,
when he will remain on duty fifteen
hours.
Officer Cleveland Peters was fined $10
for reporting for. duty forty minutes late.
The case of Officer Greenan, charged with,
neglect of duty, was laid over for a week
on account of a defect in the complaint.
NINE-HOTJTt WATCHES ARE
ARRANGED FOR J POLICEMEN
New System of Patrolling City Will
Go Into Effect July
First.
*'The bride's gown was of white organdie
over white satin. Miss Joyce Howland
was maid of honor and wore pink organ
die, while tho bridesmaid, 'Miss* Effle
Kroll,' was gowned in white organdie over
pink silk.. '-. • ¦¦ -'¦ . ..o-r'
Little Dorothy Howland and Ruth- Kroll
attended the bride as flower bearers.
The ceremony was followed by a recep
tion, to which about 150 guests had been
Invited. ¦ ; '••-.•••
noon at . 4 o'clock, the marriage
taking place at the residence of ''the
bride's . parents on Twelfth street. The
decorations of, the pretty apartments
were quite ela'oorate, Uhe general scheme
being in pink and green, v .
AKLAND, June 18.— Miss Anna' A.
ft AV Howland, a daughter of Mr.and
II )l Mrs. F. P. Howland, became the
bride of B. H. Rowley this after-
NAVAL HEROES ABE
GUESTS AT OBPHEUM,
The officers and men. of the battleship
Oregon were the guests of Mayor James
L>. Phelan last night at the Orpheuxn. In
honor of their presence the house was
packed to its capacity. Special seats were
set apart for the men who manned the-
Oregon during her heroic achievements,
and when they marched down the aisle
the large audience greeted them with ap
plause. Frequently during the evening,
when references were made to the glori
ous record of the "Bulldog of the Ameri
can Navy," the cheering was renewed.
The officers occupied seats in the boxes.
In honor of the occasion a special pro
gramme was presented. ' Views of tho
Oregon, when she was in the Union Iron
Works; when completed; in her trial trip;
while bombarding Santiago and on her
return to the home port, were thrown on,
the screen by the biograph. '.'.;-. • :*\
MBS. MAY WEIGHT SEWAIX,
WELL-KNOWN WOMAN, HEBE
Visits the Coast to Create Interest in
Conditions Surrounding
Her Sex.
Z Mrs. May Wright Sewall, president of
the International Council of Women, ar
rived in this, city Monday from Indian
apolis. She is the guest of Mrs. John F.
Swift. ¦ : i3*.
This is Mrs. Sewall's first visit to tho
coast. She 'is here to arouse the Interest
of the coast people in the work of the
council.
Mrs. Sewall was seen at the residence
of Mrs. Swift last night. She said: "I
want the coast people to become Inter
ested in the work of the council because
it has for Its object the bringing of the
people of the different nations into fra
ternal -relations with each other. Our
membership is now almost 7,000,000, with
councils in fourteen foreign countries.
We want to secure reliable Information
concerning the changing condition of
women and disseminate it throughout the
different countries. "We want to promote
international arbitration."
Mrs. Sewall will remain in the city for
some time. ¦ . ¦
The bride is a graduate -of the Oakland
High School and is a member of the
Alpha Sigma Sorority. . -.-¦¦-
On their return from the honeymoon
trip the newly married couple will reside
in Crockett, where the groom is engaged
in business. , . . V .
The engagement is announced of Miss- Loretta
Brown of Oakland and Frank Curry, a proml*
rient mining man of Yerlngton, • Nev. ;The
bride-to-be is a sister of L. H. Brown, who
¦was Secretary of State during Governor Budd'a
administration, and also of Mrs. F. D. Mitch
ell of this city.- Miss . Brown is a: native" of
this State and: has a large circle of friends
here and In Nevada, with whom, she Is very
popular. •¦¦...
The date for the weddiiig- r — not been- set,
as Mr. Curry's business inten. _;re detaining
him indefinitely in the East, but it will take
place shortly alter his return at the East Oak
land residence of Mrs. Mitchell, with whom.
Miss Brown is making her home at present. *
The wedding of Miss Edith Henry and Frank
TV". McLaughlin took' place last evening at the
residence of the bride's parents on Harrison
street. The bride and groom were attended by
Miss Elsie Everding of San Francisco and
Thomas Taylor. The Rev. Ernest E. Baker,
pastor ' of the First Presbyterian Church, offi
ciated.
The bride is a daughter of A. C. Henry, at
one time Mayor of Oakland. Mr. McLaughlin
is an officer on the United States transport
Hancock. . - »
Mrs. A. E. Horton Is seriously ill at the
Hotel Metropolc
James Butler, Richard Curtis. John McCar
try, D. Courneen, P. Ash. J. C. Flood, J. F.
Reilly. C. W. Hogan. P. Sullivan, J. P. Jour
den, P. Keenan. M. J. Hurley, Captain C. B.
Douglass. M. J. WelcH| Philip ODonnell. J.
B. Vlzzard, Frank McAleer, John Malone. J.
F. Marshall, Ed McKlttrlck, Edward Fennessy,
James O'Connor. George Ryan, James Hickey,
David GoKSln,* J. Ingram. Thomas E. Curran.
J. H. McCarthy, J. Eichel. Thomas F. Kllard.
¦William Lattin. James Radford. John Pierce.
D. Goggin Jr., Thomas F. Bannon, "William
Halgersen, Dr. Thomas E. Maher, Frank Doyle,
James O'Brien. John Winter, Thomas Faulk
ner, Hugh Reilly, Joseph F. Hughes. P. Cleary.
Thomas G. Marulre Sr., John Glavln, Hugh,
Ward. John Reilly, Archibald McDonald and
James Rlbhy.
Preparations have been completed for
the annual outing of St. Peter' 3 parish,
to be held at Sunset Park, Santa Cruz
Mountains, to-morrow. Nearly 200 prizes
have been contributed and a splendid pro
gramme of games and literary exercises
will be presented. Following is the per
sonnel of the reception committee:
rangements for Reunion at
Sunset Park.
Committees in Charge Complete Ar-
NO, NEW DEVELOPMENT
ST. PETER'S PARISH WILL
HAVE A FINE OTJTINQ
SEATTLE, Wash.. June 18.-The steamer
T>.ome City, the first of the Nome fleet,
arrived this evening direct from Cape
*.ome. having sailed for Puget Sound on
June 8.
The Nome City managed to find an open
channel in the ice a considerable distance
west of the usual course taken by vessels
sailing for that place and succeeded in
reaching within a few miles of Nome. She
discharged her passengers and cargo on
the Ice. Just as everything was safely
taken to the mainland the ice broke and
the steamer had a hard time in working
her way back to the open sea. Before the
Ice broke, however, ten passengers — six
women and four men— succeeded in board-
Ins her.
The steam schooner Jeauie was the first
vessel to reach Nome this year. She had
landed her freight and passengers befofe
the Nome City arrived, and started on her
return voyage three days ahead of the
r\ome City, but has not arrived. The cap
tain of the Nome City expressed the opin
ion that no other vessel will reach Nome
before the latter part of this month, as
the lee had broken in many -places and
was rapidly closing in the open channel.
The passengers report that Nome dur
ing- the winter was well provided with pro
visions, there v.as but little sickness and
the weather was good with the exception
of one or two severe storms.
On May 25 Nome was subjected to a
most disastrous fire. The blaze started
in a building at the corner of Stedman
avenue and First street and soon leaped
across to the old Court building. Later
the Washington Trading Company's
building and the Smille-Campbell building
caught. The lire department encountered
the greatest difficulty in fighting the
flames, owing to the hose being filled with
ice. Judge T. P. Ryan and his wife bare
ly escaped with their lives, losing all their
possessions in the way of furniture and
clothing. The total losses are placed at
S12fi,€50. Business has been resumed and
the effects of the fire are not expected to
result in more than a temporary blow to
the prosperity of the town.
The winter proved without a doubt that
Nome is a winter camp. Within a radius
of eight miles from the city, dumps have
been taken out which will wash up in the
neighborhood cf $500,000. These dumps
are on Dexter, Bourbon, Newton, Grouse,
"Wonder. Dry. Otter, Anvil. Glacier and
Snow and represent the work of but a
limited number of men, in many instances
it being little more than an experiment.
The fuel proposition is the one thing
that militated against the taking out of
more dumps in this district during the
winter. With coal so high and wood im
possible to get, the owner of ordinary
ground was barred upon opening up his
claim* because of the expense. With coal
at $25 a ton the year round, many claim
owners will be enabled to haul fuel in to
their ground and take out winter dumps,
which will materially swell the output of
the camp. In the first rush to the camp
during the early winter and spring of 1899
a large proportion of -this ground that is
now producing heavily was overlooked or
passed by as useless by men who were
looking for a second Anvil Creek. Espe
cially true Is this of Newton. Wonder,
Saturday, Otter, Grouse and Nugget,
which lie at Nome's very door. They
were passed over by inexperienced men
and it remained for a Dawsonite to come
along- and find what was hidden beneath
the streams.
In nearly every instance the streak is
deep, and it may be that this discouraged
the prospector who had seen gold taken
out of Anvil from the grass roots down.
The Dawson "sour dough" is used to deep
digging, and the deeper it gets the more
he is at home, so it is not surprising that
he has found the pay on these -blind
streams and is reaping the benefit. Prob
ably the largest dump to be washed up in
the vicinity of Nome is on Grouse Gulch,
the property of the Bowery Mining Com
pany, composed of Vallaire, Thompson &
Hastings. It is estimated that these men
have taken out during the winter $100,000,
which will be washed up as soon as the
thaw finally sets in.
Reports from Council City and Topkuk
Btate that a great deal of work has been
done in those districts and that the clean
up this spring will approximate a half
million dollars. On Ophir Creek in the
Council district are several very large
dumps, the properties of the Wild Goose
and other large companies. Large dumps
have also been taken out on Crooked and
Sweet Cake creeks in this same district
ar.d good money has been rocked on the
Topkuk beach. From prospecting already
done in the Bluestone and Kouerarok dis
tricts there will be numerous gold bearing
creeks uncovered during the coming sum
mer.
Miners we!! able to judge venture the
opinion that the richest ground yet found
in Alaska will be opened ud in the Koug
arok district th!s year. Eight or ten
creeks are known to be rich, among them
bein? Quartz, Dahl. Garfield. Harris. Cof
fee. Marklin. Boulder and Goose. In the
Hluestone district. Gold Run and Alder
are known to be very rich, and many
nther creeks are well spoken of. Litiga
tion will retard the growth of this dis
trict, there being scarcely a claim on
fither creek that is not tied up in some
way. The calendar of the LTnited States
District Court is filled with cases from
this district, till it is now as much as a
man's life is worth to even walk over one
of the claims. Several shooting scrapes
Viave occurred. Both Oold Run and Alder
have been staked and restaked so often
that the ground thereabouts presents the
appearance of en Indian burying ground.
Soil Near the Camp Has
Yielded Half a Million
Dollars.
First Vessel From North
Brings News of
Disaster.
FIRE DESTROYS
NOME HOUSES
Later in the day the Board of Public
Works consented to be' a party to the
charter violation ' by allowing the Board
of Education to award the contract and
go on with the work under the supervision
of Superintendent Barnett. In order to be
relieved of the work of preparing plans
and Inviting proposals the first named
board is compounding a manifestly illegal
proceeding. : . .
Another feature of the charter violation
was the visit made to the Auditor by
members of the Board to inquire whether
he would audit the demands for the work
ordered by < it. Auditor Wells, v who was
primed with the information secured from
one of the irregular bidders, peremptorily
informed the Directors that he would only
sign the demands if the bids were invited
by the Board" of Public Works in the reg
ular way. .
"It is quite likely," said Hansen, "that
Directors Denman or Casserly, who have
charge of repairs to school buildings,
asked some people to submit bids for the
work. This was only done to get some
idea of the cost."
I Proceeding Is Irregular.
When asked if this was a regular pro
ceeding Hansen acknowledged that it was
not and said if he had been asked for his
advice on the question he would have
ruled that it was illegal and that under
the charter the Board of Public Works
alone could have the work done after
requisition had been made upon it by the
Board of Education. The last named
board was preparing to award the con
tract when the Auditor called a halt.
When Hansen was asked why bids for
the work had not been advertised for in
the regular way he said he did not know.
"This is a bid for the painting of the
interior of Washington Grammar School,"
said Schnee. V . - . .
"I know nothing about any bids having
been invited for the work," replied Han
sen. ,r . I
"Well," said Schnee,' "I was told to put
in a, bid for the work and here it is."
"Two other persons must have been told
the same thing," said Hansen, "as I have
received two bids for' the same work. . I
will take your bid, however, and present
it to the Board with the.two others."
The discovery that the Board of Educa- I
tion was ignoring the plain provisions of |
the charter was made quite accidentally !
by Auditor Wells yesterday.' One of the j
contractors who said he had filed the low- |
est bid with the Board of Education to
do the painting called on the Auditor to )
ascertain if, the "proceedings were regular I
and he was informed . that unless the
charter provisions placing the responsibil- ! .
ity of the improvement in the hands of j
the Board of- Public Works was complied j
with, he would not. be paid, if he was
awarded the contract.
Board Neglects to Advertise.
It further developed that the Board of
Education, even if it had the power to ¦
Invite bids, had disregarded the law./
which requires that they shall be invited
by notices placed for five days in the-ad
vertising columns of the official newspa
per. Only two other bids were submitted
besides that of Schnee's and the three
bidders evidently received some; ins'de
information that the interior of the build
ing named was to be painted. This of it
self defeats the plain purpose of public
notice "for work to be done In order to
Insure plenty of competitive bids.
Schnee visited the Board of Education's
rooms last Monday and handed the enve
lope containing his bid to Secretary Han
sen.
The Board of Education has been de
tected in another violation o& the char
ter in the irregular invitation of , ' bids
for the painting and whitening of the
interior of the Washington Grammar
School building at a cost of several hun
dred dollars. -This action was taken not
withstanding that the organic law' of the
city specifically prqvides that the clean
ing, repairs and improvement of all pub
lic buildings shall be under the supervi
sion of the Board of Public Works, which
shall advertise for bids if the cost Is in
excess of $250. . \
School Directors Usurp
Powers of Works
Commission.
Neglect to Advertise for
Proposals to Paint
Schoolhouse. :
BOARD INVITES
BIDS ILLEGALLY
Edward Wilson Writes
Vulgar Epistles on.
Linen/
Postal Authorities Will Us©
His Effusions as Evi
dence.
Because Anna Crane, a young woman
who resides at 1705 Eddy street, resented
his attentions, Edward R. Wilson.- a
waiter living: at 1113 Treat avenue, wrote
obscene and scurrilous letters to her. The
young woman stood the epistolary fire as
long as she could, and then notified the
United States Postal Department. Wil
son was arrested last night by United
States Marshal Shine and lodged befflnd
the bars of the County Jail.
Miss Crane complained to the postal
authorities that Wilson had persistently
annoyed her without cause. She tried to
keep away from him, but he made it a
point to meet her at unexpected places.
When she avoided him he commenced to
write filthy letters. Frequently, 4 instead
of using writing paper, he inscribed his
vulgar thoughts on cuffs or portions of
shirt bosoms and sent them through tho
mail. At first the young lady^paid little
attention to his affronts, except to return
a few of his letters. But when they com
menced to come faster than she could
send them back she invoked the aid of the
Postal Department to have them stopped.
Before notifying the authorities, how
ever, she warned Wilson to desist, but ho
only laughed at her warning.
Most of Wilson's literary efforts are
now in the hands of the postal authorities
and they will be used as evidence against
him. This with the testimony of Miss
Crane, the authorities claim, makes a
very strong case against the accused.
ANNOYS GIRL
WITH LETTES
NATIVE SON TO WED
A NATIVE DAUGHTER
Sresovich-Dal Valle Wedding the Leading
Event in Local Italian Circles— The Bride
groom Is Prominent Young Business' Man
CLAIMS AN OAKLAND
BELLE AS HIS BRIDE
Miss Anna A. Howland-Marries B. H. Row
leyof Crockett—Wedding of Miss Edith
. Henry and Frank W. McLaughlin
THE SAN FRANCISCO? CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 19,? 1901.
FORMER OAKLAND BELLE NOW
THE BRIDE OF A CROCKETT
BUSINESSMAN.
9
o
POSTUM CEREAL.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all wh6
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many - men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute fre©
trial packages to all who write. I« Is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of sexual -weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature loss
of strength and memory, weak back, vari-
cocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the. desired location, giving -strength
and development just where it Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that corns
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 323 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire ona
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed and the free samples will enable them
to 'see how easy It is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. , The Institute makes no
restrictions.- Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed In a
plain package, so that its recipient need
have no -fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to .writ*
•without delay. aPUM
to All Who Write.'
A Free Trial Packaee Sent by Hall
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENfFREE TO MEN!
A man in Mtlford. Ind., says he did not
quit drinking coffee because he thought
it hurt him, but because he found a morn-
Ing beverage he liked better in Postum
Food Coffee, but to his wonder and sur-
prise he found in a few weeks all of the
old symptoms of sickness had left him.
He r-ad been greatly troubled with his
etomach and heart, also with what is
called "water, brash," and dull head-
aches, "which made me very irritable and
q u ick-tem pered ."
All of these symptoms disappeared and
he discovered, in spite of all his previous
theories, that coffee was really the cause
of his troubles, and .the leaving off of
coffee and taking on Postum Food Coffee
brought about a perfect care.
He speaks also of Mrs. Josephiene
Kelly. lU'ine at Elkhart. Ind. Says she
was afflicted much as he. was. but had be-
come more emaciated than he. So she
quit drinking ceffee and took on Postum
Food Coffee. She Is now a healthy^and
robust lady and willing to make affidavit
that Postum Food Coffee saved her.
The gentleman from Mllford speaks also
of Thomas McDonald as having recovered
by using Postum. It can be had at all
grocers. A good cup of Postum cannot be
made unless it is boiled long, enough to
bring out the flavor and food value; then
It Is delicious.
THEY DO IT.
People Quit Coffee and G«t "Well on
Postum Food Coffee.TM.E SAN FR AWD I SCO C ALL, WEDNESDAY^ JXF I^E 1 9, 1 90 1 .
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL-
BUSINESS OrTICE of The Sar. Frar>c!?cc '
'"all. comer of Market and Third streets; open ;
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street. [
comer Clay: open until 9:30 p. m".
800 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister ttreet; open until 9:30, p. m.
O5 Larkin street: cpea until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street corner Sixteenth: open
ontll 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p.' m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky 6treets; open until 9 p. m.
TXX) rniroore rf**t: nwn nntll 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT Morlah Lodge No. 44. F. and •
A. M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) „*%_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- 7%3T
gree. THEO. FROLICH. Sec,
EXCELSIOR Lodre No. 166; F. and A. m
M.— Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- _JV,
DAY) EVENING. June 19. at 7:30 lT3r
o'clock. By order of the W. M. Third '?'
degree. H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _#%_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- jI3f
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Se j^___J_
ORIENTAL Encampment No. 57— Mem-fk 4*
¦ bers will ples^ assemble THIS (WED-JV 0
NESDAY) NIGHT at 8 o'clock, for the /\
purpose of conferring .degrees. f X
«T A. HOVEY. Scribe.
REGULAR meeting of the Austrian _J^
Benevolent Society. 413 Sutler St.. §*>££$
"WEDNESDAY EVENING. June 19. Pj[iS°3
1^1. at S o'clock sharp. Approprla- jJESgo
tlon * and donation and other im- •*• -
portant business. By order of
M. SCANATICH. President
DE WITT W. TOLL. Recording Secretary.
ALL neighbors of Tamal- ' • .fl
pais Camp No. 427, W. ¦y^ > . «a
of W.. ar» herebv notl- t^+KSj-Z^ tJ aFJR
fled to f«tend the fu- ES^gaS ftiS&J
neral of our late nefirh- «3B3f" ¦* IBIia «9^*"^
bor. J. J. MORRIS.
TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), at 10 o'clock
sharp from his late residence. 1309 Webster st.
A. G. GILSON. Clerk.
> WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
1« paces, in wrapper, for mailing* *1 per year.
AGENTS WASTED.
GOOD reliable agents wanted. Apply at 1207
Mission st.. third floor. .
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
3. FTCLTIER. asphalt roonnr. -sidewalks re-
t>*i1r»d: noFtwl. n»s Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor." Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason.
I... S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st. consultation free; no fees in advance.
A WEEK'S news for 5" cents— The Weekly Call,
lg pages, in wrapper for mailing $1 per year.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
BERKELEY lady would like children to board;
good home; fresh cow. 2127 Prince st, Ashby
station.
GOOD country home tor children, ¦with best
of care. H. M.. 833 Forty-sixth st. Oakland.
J OR 3 children to board, week or month: best
care;sunny yard;nr.school;reasonat>le.l607 Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-703 Mission st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $2000; GROCERY with bar; rent J50; on
Fourth St., close to Market; a well-known
and good-paying business; sickness of wife
compels owner to leave the city. Call R.
C WILKE, 26H Kenny st
$1300— CANDY store and factory In Oakland:
rent ISO; the 'place clears above $200 per
month; owner has other business and must
sell. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny ¦£.
A— 1350: DELICACY store and branch bakery
with 3 living rooms; rent $18; kept by owner
II year*: choice business location. Particulars
R. G. WILKE, 26^i Kearny st. .
A— $1250; CORNER grocery and bar; eetab.
years; living rooms: rents $25; located on lead-
ing business st. cor. Natoma: death In family
cause sale. Call R. G. WILKE, ,26# Kearny.
A— $700; CORNER grocery and' bar -with 3 liv-
ing rooms; rent $16; choice location In the
Mission: a steady and pood-paying business.
Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— J2000; COUNTRY saloon. 30 miles from S.
F. ; rents $35; place doing business of JSOOO per
year; license $100 per year; lease. Particu-
lars R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny Et.
A— 8€00; DELICACY, with home cooking de-
partment, doing a business of $30 per day;
rent $22; a money-making place. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26«4 Kearny st
A — JTSO: SALOON; no better located place in
this city; rent $50; place clears easily $150
per month; no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. 2«V4 Kearny st.
$1560— LIQUOR store; ""downtown corner.
E500 — Country saloon and restaurant; no op-
position.
$1200— Dairy and good paying route.
1475— Candy store and Icecream parlor.
$128— Cigar store; laundry agency.
J500— Saloon; transfer corner: low rent
S650 — Restaurant, downtown; fixtures, etc,
worth f500.
We have some very genuine business oppor-
tunities well worth investigation.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st
X — "WE -have buyers for cilgar store, $1000; sa-
loon. (40fi0 to $3000; barber shops, $500 and
$UC0; general business. $600 and $1000; list
your busines* with us; no charge for adver-
tlslag. WALTER HAYES & CO.. S38 Market.
$250— PARTNER wanted in old established
. commission business: will clear $75 to $100
per month to each; no experience required.
Set STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st. ¦
YOU can be suited in any kind of business by
railing at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, 917 Market St..
• near Fifth. Phone. Mint 191L
A— $400: PARTNER wanted in established busl-
ness; must be satisfied with $100 mo.: refs.
required and given. FISHER, 935 Market st
OFFICE— Real estate office for sale. JOSEPH
BAILJE. 759 Market st
$660— UNION restaurant; bargain; part cash If
desired. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777*4 Market
FOR sale— Whole or half interest in bakery,
Interior city, first-class location; good busi-
ness, clearing S3C0 to. $400 per month; can
be fully investigated. Address "Anna Ba-
. kery." Call offlce. San Francisco.
A GOOD, live man with $250 can make $2000
to $3000 per year either ln*Oregon, Nevada
• or Arizona; exclusive State agency for manu-
factured goods. Call or address J. W., 221
Parrott building.
FOR sale— In Vallejo. one of the best corner
ralootis and rooming house of 20 rooms, new-
ly furnished: best rooms In town; if you are
. looklnir for a safe Investment you will nnd it
here; will bear Inspection; cause of selling, re-
tiring from business. For particulars call on
ADAM MILLER, cor.,. Virginia and Santa
Clara 6ts.. Vallejo. /
Jir.OO WILL buy a first-class saloon property In
an interior town of 30.000 Inhabitants; an In-
vestigation will be oil that Is necessary to
make a sale; owner has other business In the
city; no agents. Address box 3329, Call
office.
FOR eale — $3000; old-established flower store,
with nursery, hothouse, etc., boiler, horses,
wagons, plants and trees of all descriptions;
established many years and doing a. money-
makinc: bvsiness. Particulars CAR1I CARL-
bOX. 500 Haight ft
ARE you ambitious to tret Into a legitimate,
, profitable business of your own without capi-
tal? Here Is an opportunity; write us, inclos-
ing 25c. stamps or silver, for plan. Excelsior
Company, 737 Market «t . •
"WANTED— Bakery complete In near-by town
of San Francisco: give full particulars. Box
2575. » Call.
DAIRY d>pot clearing $2 daily; best offer In
town; ?2f>0 will take It; tome delivery if de-
" sired Box 3504. Call offlce.
$730-PARTNER In butter business; a money-
maker; will stand Investigation. Box 36S7.
$200— MUST sell: saloon; bargain: good reasons
640 Commercial st, 2 doors from Kearny.
DYEING and cleaning business for sale chean
Apply 2518 Market st.
MILK depot for sale cheap. Call branch 106
j Eleventh st. -'., '
COFFEE and chop house for sale; price $60
217 Sixth st •
MAN with $300 to Join party to work placer
claim at Cape Nome. . Box 243J.Call office.
A— WAGOX-MAK1NG and horseshoeing shop
for sale at a bargain. Call 404. Jackson st
GOOD opening: for barber shop and baths in
¦ hotel; also tailor. .-.IIS Valencia st. ~ .-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
• received at Call branch offlce. 5200 FIHjnore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
Fubncrir-tlons has been established at 103S
Valencia »U
I LOEGING-HOUSES; FOR SALE.
!j H. C. DECKER, 1.020 Market: phone Mint 796.
1 ..:..V.....KFtubllFhed Over: 26 \ Years..:...
10 rooms on Eddy .." $550
32 rocms on Market 17uu
SI. rooms on Taylor... 1150
33 rooms; corner ..'. 1S00
15 rooms in Oakland ¦'»•• 450
18-room hou?e; sure to clear $1CO :.. 700
S8 rooms; oil rented: clears $173.... J 2000"
TS rooms: elegant corner; clears $150...... 1900
39 rccms: on Market; clears $200 :... 1SC0
21 rooms; fins and punny; clear3 $140 1200
10 rooms; very central; on Taylor 400
16 rooms; ne.ir Eddy; new furniture..: — 133U
500 other Iioufgf, from $50 to ?10,000.
Give me a call. I rell and exchange real es-
tate and business places. What <lo you want
r or what have you to offer? Phone Mint 796.
I H. C. DEOKER. UPO r.Iarket St., opp. Sth.
t A. CAMERON & CO..
( S50 Market st. and- 8 Stockton st
I Rooms 51. "2 and/!3. Phone Bush 32S.
j If you have hotel, rooming house or business
I to sellVllst with us. We have cash customers
ifor all sizes and prices. See, list of bargains.
17 rooms: rent SSO; 4-*-r. lease: new fur.,
, carpets; reduced to make quick sale.... $1600
I 11 rms.: rent $40; water, piano, swg. mch. 700
j 16 rms.; flne transient house; new fur... 1400
51 rms.; Post; rent $S,"; fine fur.; sunny.. 2200
25 rooms; rent $110; fine location 1900
MARION GRIFFIN, the real estate agent,
719 Market; rms 1 & 2. by the Call building.
11 rooms; central; nice; clears $30 :.7Tt$*r>0
27 rooms; extra nice; rent$lC0; clears $15O.$2S0O
13 rooms; Sutter: rent $41; income $85 IS50
50 rooms; cor.: rent $140: income $350 — $30C0
21 rooms; on Market: rent $75: pays well.".$1000
15 rooms; Geary st. ; extra nice; clears $650.
Pleare call at my office for a list of hotels
and lodging-houses; above are only samples.
WINSTON & WOLF, ~~
• 1026 Market st
" 26 rooms; Mission st: cheap rent ..$1600
35 rooms: rent fSO: must see $800
32 rooms: rent $40; clears $85... $1200
18 rooms; rent $50; only : 800
20 rooms; central: part cash $1200
500 others to select from. . .
ATTENTION. BUYERS',
You may buy any rooming-house in
• the city, 'and pay for it
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St., opp. Maeon.
37 rooms, price SSQO: S-" rooms, price $1400.
24 rocms, price $1000; 12 rooms, price $550.
26 rooms, price $1400: 11 rooms, price $325. !
S rooms; finely furnished: rent $30; $500.
If a bargain, we have them at any price.'
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth et.).
Phone Mint 1911. "
$375 LODGING-HOUSE; 10 rooms; furnished.
j 864H Mis&on street.
LODGING-HOUSE leasehold— 29 rooms, fur-
nished; Mission district: $225. Box 4301, Call.
12 WELL-FURNISHED rooms; must be sold
. this week; $150. Apply at 823 Howard st.
FOR SALE— House 11 rooms on Taylor st.
cheap if sold by July 1. Box 3653. Call offlce.
j SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
Ices ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellls-
st car: sit. II: letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. the
world-renowned spiritual medium: advice in
all affairs in life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths:
unites the separated: mining a specialty ; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Frl. eve. : letters answered.
Residence (no signs), 3S McAllister st. •
JOHN SLATER, extra circle to-night, 8:15
sharp: also this afternoon at 2:45; 25c admis-
sion, at residence, 1809 Stockton St., near
Greenwich.
ALL receive tests to-night, 10c: readings. 50c
and $1: spirit photos taken. ARNOLD DICK-
SON. 148 Sixth. .
MRS. HUBBARD, 103 Oak— Circles Tuesday
; and Friday, 8 p. m.; Wednesday, 2:30 p. m.,
10c; readings dally. 50c.
JOHN SLATER— Circles 25c. Mon. & Frl. eves..
8:15; Wed. afternoon. 2:43: Fittings dally. 10
to 4. except Sun. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 305 Larkin
»t: tel. Howard 2711: hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. GILLIXGHAM — Spiritual meeting 8 p.m.;
10c; bring sealed questions. 305 Larkin ;tk. el v.
EDWARD EARLE. 228 Ellis— Readlnes daily;
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
SEE Watson, celebrated palmist and clairvoy-
ant. 1079 Market St.; full reading, 50c.
KATIE HEUSSMANN, 136 West Mission St.,
>: .nr. 13th— Circle Frl. eve., 25c; sittings dally.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
. Meyer: sittines .dallv: test to all to-nieht: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium,' permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and protrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all. affairs of life;
25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
DIFFERENT FROM ALL OTHERS.
1000 Callers Since May 1st.
Xaaman. Russian seer, medium, palmist and
advisor, tells your name, what you called for.
cures your disease or anything you want to
know: no charges in advance; satisfaction guar-
anteed; develops mediums in 2 months; teaches
palmistry, elairvoyancy: hours 9 a. m. to 9
p. m.; readings by mail. 326 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket et., corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guaran-
teed by mail; send stamp for "pamphlet with
special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails: has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret: shows picture of future husband
or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 215 1 / 4 Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit, $150. 126 Turk.
MLLE. m! WILLE of Paris, clairvoyant,
trance, business medium; speaks French,
German, English; from 9 to 8; 50c. 215 Leav-
enworth st.
MME. SANDERS. 127 Mason St., medium; palm-
ist; teaches mind telegraphy; advice on all
j business; 4 questions by mall. $1; hrs. 12 to 8.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; prl\-ate readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Mrs. ,Dr. Baylor,' queen of clairvoyants & palm-
ists; names and dates; L. 25c: G. 50c; mall $1.
lall'/S Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1095. .
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives names, facts, dates; satisfaction by mall;
inclose stamp. 1382 Market, op. Odd'Fellows.
KNOW your fate; Slmf. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny; never
" t fails; readings, 50c. 3203 Mission st, cor. 8th.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
1st and card reading, 25c. 1241T4 Market st.
MESMAR is the great fortune teller of this
city for peace of mind. 1152 Mission st.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11. 6th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1S46.
MME.~SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S^ Jessie St.. bet. Sth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
edvlce: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth et.
CARPET nEATIXG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ;"tel. South ~40.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.,
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
833 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East/ 126. .
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st :
tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Howard 2351.
JQNES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth st ; tel. Jessie 1C6L
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister st; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth st ; tel. Mfssion 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates' STRAT-
TON. S Klrhth St.: telephone Jessie 944.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, wartsr^chiN
•blains: palnlers cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Ageno^^o"chBrge~un^
l"s-» successful. "Room 310,'. 927 Market St.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEA.11STRESSES
McljOWKLL':Dre»smaklng; & Millinery' School—
, : Cla*s rates; pa ttarnn cuf-clOU Market at. .
ACCORDEON pleating; 'country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moftatt
/ DEXTISTSA . -^
AT^theELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. rm 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our: specialty ;¦ gold * crowns.
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free. $4 ."0 up; of-
fice hours, i» a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT, prizes, for best rrownsv plates, brl'dgea
- and fillings: ' extractions or. fillings "¦ by my
wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 years'
rxperience; no students: advice free: prices
cheapest "and guaranteed; laay. attendants.
PR. GRORGK w. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell yt.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Bose Pear),
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 j0: filling?.
f,0c: plates, $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist In . rcler to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and liridse work at bedrock prices. Offlce
1141 Polk st, corner Sutter: open Sundays.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly installments: lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full f=et nf teeth. $4; crowns. $3: .fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.SIj^ Geary.nr. Larkin— Paln-
less extraction 50c: plates $5 up:phonePoIkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN., dentist, third floor. R\-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg. .
LOWEST prices In ,8. F. Painless extraction,
60c. N. Y. Dentists. 963 Minion st. cor. 6th.
VAN VKOOM— ••Painless": evenings and Sun-
riayy. 1001 Market st.: corner Sixth. . ' '
SET of teeth without plate. DR. * H. -¦ G.
vnrvR. i?4i Polk Ft.
EDUCATIONAL.
G^L^GHE^MAltSH"collegeT ParrotirDldT^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher, of
fihorthand: reportorial" phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st,
S. F. — Bookkeeping. shorUiand. typing, ! lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical - and mining engineering, etc.; day
& night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
ATRES 1 Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; individual
Instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges ; references. President . Jordan or any
Stanford professor. ¦ Phelan building.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
injr. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction; catalogue^
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett. School,
. associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil. elec.,m!ning,mech..Fur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, eve. ; ost. 1804. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course nf Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. J236 Market St.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners: business
college eraduates: bookkeeping: figures: short
time. TARR, exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
FREE scholarship In return for two hours'
work dally: none but strong, steady young
, men need apply. 305 Larkin St., 5th floor.
INSTRUCTION in grammar grade and high
school work. - Apply 86 South Park; refer-
ences. MISS JEAN PARKER.
PROF. L. MERKI, successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission St.. nr. 6th.
Munson. School Shorthand. Tynlns, Bookkeeping;
"Spanish. 137 Montgomery: E. M. Carpenter. pr."
VIOLIN thoroughly taught. MRS. MAUD
MONKS, 2211 Flllmore st; tel. Geary 717. j
ARITHMETIC, bookkeepiner. grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.-
CHKAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. , '
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
EJectric-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
T>rr. K. K- TT.'k EWtrlp Sanitarium. * Mason.*
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Thoroughly'rel
liable; best help sent short notice: competent
men. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk: tel. Larkin 23P1.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. '426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng and employ-
ment: all kinds help. 104C Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce: .ill kinds hfln. .ns Stnrktnn: Main 5189.
EMPLOYMENT \ WANTED— FEMALE.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation to 'do
housework: is a good cook; city or country:
no postal cards answered. Address 10
Stockton place, off Grant ave.
A RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman
wants a position to do light housework In
a small family: is a good plain cook; no
postals. 712 Natoma st, upper flat.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do general
housework in a private family. Please call
at 2951 Pine st; wage6 $20 to $25.
GERMAN lady wishes housework or situation
housekeeping ; wages $15. Apply 1331 Scott
st, bet. Ellis and O'Farrell.
AN American woman would like to do light
housework In the city or country; references.
61 Dousrlass st. . • " . ' - -
YOUNG lady, would like position -In family as
nurse girl and teach music lessons. Apply
1217 Folsom st.
A YOUNG girl would like' a position as sales-
lady in a bakery or stationery store. Call or
address 13S Silver st. ,
WOMAN want* work by ' the day washing,
ironing or hoiisecleaning, $1 per day and
car fare. 29 Lily ave. • , ' •.
WOMAN -wants work by the day. washing,
ironing or housecleanlng. 19 Stevenson ave.,
near junction of Market and Valencia sts.
YOUNG girl wishes to do housework; call
after 10 a. m. 969 Mission st.
WOMAN would like to work by day or half
day; quick and neat 232 Natoma st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes ji situation
in general housework.' 149% Sliver st'
FIRST-CLASS seamstress, wants situation;
/ will also do upstairs work, or go out by the
day. 3624 Sacramento st, rear.
GIRL wishes to assist In light housework. Ap-
ply 551 Sixth Ft. • .
YOUNG woman wants position as working
housekeeper In hotel- or rooming-house or for
.jvldower with small family. Box 3569, Call.
YOUNG lady wishes position as housekeeper.
t Cal\827A Howard st. room 3. •
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night >$1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' " - ¦ .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
MAN and wife would like situations in . pri-
vate, family in country; woman a good cook
and housekeeper,- man to do any kind of
work about the place; good, steady people.
Box 3689, Call offlce. ¦ f - .
ELDERLY man wants Work- in the city or
country to tend to horses or cows and make
himself useful around the house; reference.
278 Natoma -et., • " —
STEADY, reliable • middle-aged man wants
situation, city or country; attend lawn,
horses and generally useful; low wages;
good references. Box 3579, Call ' offlce.
SITUATION wanted by industrious 1 German-
speaking single man; can' take care horses,
rigs, lawn, milk and is handy around pri-
vate place; good references. . Box 1 3586, Call.
GERMAN man and wife wish situations on
ranch; man ' care horses .'and work about
ranch, wife good cook. ¦¦ Box 35S2. .. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED Swedish married man wishes
' situation to do outside work; good hand with
horses. 554^ Stevenson st ¦? ¦ • - •
$100 BONUS— Position wanted by experienced
shipmaster as officer . of steamer or master
sail. Box 3587. Call office.
GERMAN, single, < trustworthy, temperate,
; wants situation; -private place; ," take care
lawn, horses, etc. : can milk. -._¦. Box 3578," Call.
LAUNDRYMAN, reliable, sober, wants posi-
ilon as marker and . distributer ' In . country
laundry; will. make himself generally .. use-
:ful. Box 3672. Call. / ;. -.". ¦¦, , ,~ ', -
ACCOUNTANT, experienced, desires position;
: reference ¦; given. ¦ Box 35S0, ; Call. , ,•..•¦¦
RELIABLE I man understands care " of horses,
cows,* chickens, etc. ;: good • driver; handy
with tools. Box -3584, Call office. ' "
WANTED— A situation' by, a middle-aged man
to do : general houseworkvor general chorlng,
gardener or carpenter; best references." L.
L. NYLANDER. 631 Sacramento st. -
STRONG young man,' wilting to do anything,
would like situation to work evenings.' Box
3573,; Call office.. "¦'-:'¦¦-,->•*¦" 1.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
• subscriptions has • been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
. • FLATS TO LET.
A— 20 NEW flats. ' 1 5 new houses—
• 'ft r. ; 416 Clayton.. #21 8 r.; new; 11S0 Ellis.$40
6 r. : new; 569 O'Far- 8 r. r"" new; '2414 Van
. rel ;...:........„. 35 Ness-.: ...:..:.. 45
3 r.; 61S Jessie.":.. .-10 6 r. ; 1105 Page....... 19
6 r.; flne; 3616 16th. 20 5 r. ; 3 Fine pi.. ...*... 15
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
NICE corner sunny flat of 4 rooms and bath;
furnished : or - unfurnished. 41 Hermann : st-
SC3 PAGE St.; 5-room flat and bath; $17 50; well
'' located and, healthy. -. ...
APPLY Sutter, 2300 — 6 sunny rooms; appreciated
; I f seen ; ; $22. £0 ; water free; please investigate.
ELEGANT furnished flat for sale, 4 rooms and
hath. 411 Ellis Et. " ' . . , * ¦.
FEW' steps' from City Hall, 2 flne fiats, 5
rooms and bath. 10 Grove. st.
459B.Halght.nr Fillmore: flat of four sunny
.rooms, yard and, basement: $12. ,\ . -
NICELY furnished flat of 7 rooms, bath, com-
plete., Call 9 to 11. 5 to 7. 3583 Nineteenth st.
' : FURNITURE -,'FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in^alT^Ss^oT^with^o"?
grange King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE, of 4 rooms for sale cheap; no
dealers need apply. Inquire 393 Hayes st. ,
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co.. 1462 Market— Buys"furniture^
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
BEFORE • disposing; of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. 928 Howard st.
A. .WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel.Polk 694;
\ furniture, & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY -buys your" furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market gt. : tal. 761 Jessie.
_ _ HELP FE3IALE. .
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 183.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses, same springs see party here.. $20
Waitress,, springs. Lake Co., fare paid.... $20
Waitress, springs, short distance $20
Waitress, Ukiah, fare paid...........'. $25
2 waitresses, Stockton.*... $20
2 waitresses. North, tare paid ......$20
"Waitress, North, fare paid.... $20
Waitress., Redwood City .$20
Waitress. Menlo Park '.. $25
2 waitresses, mining town $20
Waitress, -Watsonville .$20
2 cooks, hotels '....:.. $40. $30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, housegirls, second girls, ranch cooks,
\ $10, $30; all fares paid to country places
V C. R. HANSEN & CO. ¦ 104 Geary st.
A— RANCH cook, $1 25 day. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. KM Geary st. ¦ • ¦ -
MRS. M. E. DAY..... ......Phbne Main 1575
— HOTEL DEPARTMENT
\ 3 waitresses. Santa Cruz Mountains, $20, free
" fare; 5 waitresses.- springs, $20, fare paid; 3
waitresses, Santa Cruz, $20; 8 waitresses, com-
mercial and city hotels, $20 and $25; sham-
pooer for baths, springs, free fare; 2 cham-
bermaids to wait, $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT r
Cook. $30; second girl, $25; nurse, one child,
¦ $20; many other choice places, city and
country. ¦ ry* ¦ ¦
MRS. M. E. DAY... ......835 Geary at
WANTED^Chambermaid and waitress, nice
country hotel, . $2B; waitress, straight work,
country hotel, *$25; waitress for springs, i25;
head waitress, camp resort, $25; dishwasher
for resort, $25; 2 cooks, plain wash, $30 and
¦ $35; German cook, $35, no wash; 2 German or
Scandinavian second . girls. $25 ; girl, general
housework, for. Gilroy, $30: Martinez, $30;
Redwood/city, $30; Alameda, $20; 6 cooks,
plain wash, German style. $25 and $30; 15
girls, general housework, $20 and $25. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2C Montgomery, rm. 12.
Bath woman for springs, flrst-clasa place.\ ;
WANTED— Bright, capable lady to travel and
appoint agents: must be in good health, un-
lncumbered and furnish first-class references;
salary,- $100 per month and all expenses; po-
sition permanent; no experience necessary.
Sales department, 900 Star bldg, Chicago.
IN Mill Valley, girl or woman for general
housework and cooking for man, wif« and
baby; $15. Call No. C Eddy St., room 9, bet.
2 and 4 Wednesday afternoon. •
HAIRDRESSING taught complete 2 weeks; $5,
including manicuring and facial - massage;
positions grnteed.: big salary at start; even-
ing ¦ classes. Hairdressing College, 674 Geary.
WOMAN for light housework; good ' home If
willing to assist lady doctress ; good pay;
state age. Box 26S6. Call offlce.
WANTED — Girls to work in pickle factory.
Inquire after 3 p: m., FISHER Packing Co.,
509 Commercial st. ¦
WANTED— Excellent opportunity for woman
I over 25; must have business experience and
executive - ability. Box 350O, Call, offlce.
LADY, good appearance, good talker, for well
¦ paying proposition. 24 Montgomery St., room
8, from 1-2 p. m.
RELIABLE woman, with or without a child 4
to 5 years old, to do light housework anQ care
' for woman and child. 2520 Mission st.
YOUNG girl under 17 years, care of two chil-
dren and light housework. 3% Larkin st,
before 1 p. m.
WANTED — An errand girl, also to do house-
work. Apply. 834 Sutter st.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at" Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
GIRL for light housework; sleep home. 67
Rausch st. ¦ ;' ¦ • »
WANTED— A woman to do housecleanlng at
y 1S20 Mason st.
GIRL to assist In housework; sleep at home.
737 Castro -st, near Twentieth. •
WANTED— Neat girl for general housework;
wages $20 to £25; references.- 1634 Fell st.
WOMAN wanted to do light housework. Apply
MRS. JOCHEIMS, 110 Berry St.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework; easy place;
good wages. .1509^ Broadway.
GIRL to assist in light housework in small
family. 1029 Natoma st.
WANTED— Experienced waitresses: good pay;
¦permanent positions;, no fee. 127 Mason st.
BRIGHT, • active woman; steady employment;
good wages. Call room 11, 131 Post st.
WANTED— Nice young girl to do housework
and*cooklng; wages $25. 516 Hayes st.
NEAT young girl from 14 to 17 to help with
housework. 1527 Fifteenth st.
SMART girls to learn tailoring; pay while
learning. 1215 Market, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
WANTED— Young nursegirl-a short distance
in the country. 2010 Devisadero st.
MIDDLE-At3ED woman "or girl for general
housework ; sleep home. 832 Folsom ¦ st.
WANTED— Competent woman, second' work,
and' take care lamo girl; $20. Apply between
1 and 4 p. m.. 720 Franklin st. . s
TWO clever youngr ladies to . prepare for the
stage; good engagement guaranteed. Address
box 35S5, Call offlce. ¦
GIRL to do general housework; wages $20. Ap-
ply 718 Stelner st. \ - "¦ *
LADY typewriter and advertising solicitor
. "wanted. 628 Montgomery, room 16, • 3d floor.
WANTED— Ladles to travel; salary $18 a week,
all expenses: no canvassing; experience un-
necessary; $25 cash security required. Call
at Florence Hotel, 102 Ellis St., KNAPP CO.
GIRL to help In I bakery; also an experienced
one. 3150 Twenty-second St.. near Mission. .
WANTED— 2 first-class lady ironers; one of
. them must be be able to run shirt machine:
'wages, ;. lroner, $30 and found; polisher, $35
and found. N. JOENSEN, Woodland, Cal. j
OPERATORS wanted "at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, 32% Fremont st. Apply to
¦ MR. DAVIS. ' ;¦:¦¦¦¦•-
FIRST-CLASS operators on vests. BELASCO-
H ARRIS CO.. 641 Market at. •
. GIRL 14 to 16 years to assist housework in
¦-* family. , Box 3623, Call offlce. .. ¦..-...;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. " ~ • • ,
_^__HELP WANTED— MALE. ,
AT THK CAL^^M^PL^JliTN^CGENCYr^"
59 Third st. ; Telephone Bush 405.. ,
50 railroad laborers .$1 75 to $2 25 per day
Free j Fare. . ...... .Free Fare. ...... . .Free - Fare
*8 lumber pliers, > $35 to $45 per mo; and board
5 rough carpenters/..;. ..$2 60. per day
10 laborers,^ $14 per week; steady Job....:..."..:
. 10 men to ballast track. ......$2-per day
;.5 bark 'peelers...;. ".$45- per. month, and board
- 3 drillers, $2 25 per day; 2 teamsters, city
10-men for harvest fields $2, per day
Blacksmith, country town... ...$3 50 per ;day
;10 mill and woodsmen, free' fare.. ship. to-day
4 men to cut -wood, pine, 4 ft..$l 25 per cord
6 tlemakers, lie :........'. free fare
Cook .for country hotel.. .......:....... $40
Man and wife: for. country" hotel.. ..$35
Camp cook, 12 men....:...... ¦.'.......'...$25
, Carpenter, city,- 8 hours...... ..:.$3 CO per day
4 teamsters to haul -hay $25 per month
.'. Spool , tender,- logging woods .". .". $55 and j board
Edgerman,, sawmill, . country.*. . .35c ,' per,: hour
S." F. EMPLOYMENT Offlce, ? 323 Kearny st—
100 laborers, R. 1 R.;' Santa Barbara, free fare;
men, lumber mill,"" no; experience required;
• 'cooks/: bakers, waiters,, ¦ tiemaKers,' black-
C- smiths, -etc. ..,,--. ¦,:•.'-. u'-V-< ¦"•" -¦- ' * , o'"
SHAMPOOER for '- baths, -first-class springs,
free fare:, see party here.% MRS. M. E.DAY,
¦ 335 Geary. St.: - .- . ' \>s-«-.-r. ;--¦• ; ; -.'¦¦.'¦' . . v j_.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery/ rm.' 11
Masseur for springs; colored waiter, $35.
' .ItFt t» lv 4 v-^rri_M A i,o;_rnn.",
A— MURRAY~& r READY7rrrr!phone Main 5S48
, ; Leadins ; Employment and Labor Agents,
¦..•-.. ::.... .WANT .7 A. M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP DAILY TO UKIAH.. FREE FARE
50 railroad laborers... '...Ukiah...... Free Fare
.(¦0 railroad teair.s=ters...-..Ukiah......Free Fare
oO laborers, no experience required, S. P. R.
•K. Ce.'s own vork, Los Angelos and Santa
' Barbara divisions $1 75 to $2 25 day.-Free fare
•••-•- MECHANICAL HELP .-
Carpenter, $2 25 day and found, -fare $1....
5 carpenters, sawmilr company.. $60 and found
0 carpenters and helpers, different . places;
wagon-maker and woodworker, country shop;
blacksmith, no shoeing. $3 day: 5 black-
smiths, different- places, country, $3 and $2 50
- day ; blacksmith . and . woodworker, country
;shop; handy man and holder on, . country
¦ boiler shop, $2 25 and $2 day; carriage palnter>
harness-maker for a ranch, $32 50 and found;
2 carpenters, Monterery Co., $3. day; black-
smith helper, city, $2 day.
..MINES...... FIREMKN ......LABORERS..
5 machine miners for a new mine: 2 furnace
men. $42 and found; fireman. $2 day; 10 la-
borers, , no experience, for the mines. $31 and
found;. 10 miners, asphalt mine, $60 and found,
see boss here; single-hand miners $75
• 10 laborers, quarry, ¦ 50c fare ..V.... — $60
150 laborers, city and coujftrj't $1 75 and $2
day; 5 drillers, $2 dfty....
..SAWMILLS AND WOODS.. FARE PAID..
We ship to-day— 10 laborers, no experience
required, $26 and found, fare paid; 10 more
• .laborers to work in mills, yards and woods,
$35 to $65 . and found; linemen ""and jack-
• screwers. "$30 to $35 and found; 2 men to work
with donkey engine..- shingle packer.
¦ HARVEST..... FARMS DAIRIES....
165 men to work In hay and harvest fields,
, header wagon drivers, loaders, etc., $1 50 to
12 25 day; 2 teamsters, orchard company,
steady jobs, $26; 35. farm, orchard and vine-
yard hands, $26 to $30; 9 milkers, $35 and $30;
choremen and boys; teamster for a mine. $40:
2 scraper teamsters, 60c fare $32 50
3 hostlers and stablemen $50
:...... MARRIED HELP
Farmer and wife, ranch. $1 fare.. $30 and found
Man and wife for * a ¦ harvesting crew, long
job, $50'; farmer and wife for an orchard, see
boss here
>.. BUTCHERS HOTEL DEPARTMENT...
Sausage stuff er, $13 50 week; butcher, coun-
try shop, $40; cook's helper, mine, $30; cook,
plain" hotel near city, $45; 2 camp cooks;
camp waiter; 5 ranch cooks; 7 bakers, city
and country shops; 5 cooks-, city and coun-
try; laundry help, etc.; 4 cooks,- harvest
crews '..... $30 and $35
' MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. '
CARPENTER for an institution; painter same
institution; see boss here 9:30 a. m. to-day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
WANTED— This morning at 6:30, with blank-
ets, ready to start on train, carload of team-
• sters, laborers and axmen, $2 a day, for new
work • en California and Northwestern Ry. ;
Ukiah; free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
• Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
FOR NEW RAILROAD WORK.
! '50 teamsters, ship to-night, free fare. .Truckee
50 laborers, ship to-night, free fare.. Truckee
100 tunnelmen, drillers and muckers $2-2 50
For Chatsworth Park.. ship to-night.. free fare
'50 laborers, ballasting track Coast road
Laborers, Santa Barbara and L. A. divisions
,Shlp to- night..... Free Fare Ship to-night
50 teamsters, ship daily, free fare Ukiah
50 laborers, ship daily, free fare Ukiah
20 axmen, ship dally, free fare Ukiah
For new work on Cal. and N. W. Ry...!
20 Scandinavian laborers... $2 a day and board
For manufacturing plant, country; long Job;
fare advanced; see boss here.....
10 axmen and choppers to clear right of way,
• R. R, work, $2 a day Free fare
20 haymakers. South, $30 to $35 and fare paid
10 six-horae ' teamsters to haul grain ;.
.' ...'.'.$1 50 a day and board
6 teamsters for orchard, $26; 10 farmers, $1
and $125; a day; 6 milkers, $30; 10 lumber
'. "pliers for sawmill, $35; screwturner, sawmill.
$45; 50 laborers to dig ditches, $2 25 a day;
blacksmiths, $2 50 to $3; blacksmith, resort,
$30; tool sharpener, R. R. camp, $2 50, free
fare; dairyman, $30, free fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Shampooer and wife " for springs, $70; head
porter, large hotel, $60;. broiler, American
restaurant, $70; fry cook, restaurant, $65; sec-
ond cook, water resort, $30, fare paid; cook,
country, hotel, $30; silverman, country hotel.
$30. " fare paid ; cook, summer resort, $50 ; . 20
dishwashers and kitchen hands, $25 and $30;
'¦waffieinan, country hotel, $40.
' C. R. HANSEN & CO ...104 Geary st.
BOYS for factory, $4 week and increase; 6
farmers for steady Job, $30 and found, fare
refunded; milkers, $30. and $35 and found;
butter and cheese maker, $50 and found;
ranch butcher, $30 and found ; 5 miners, $2 50
" day; furnaceman, - $2 day; quarrymen. $2 50
Oay: woods' and mill men of all kinds: car-
man for mine. $2 day; 2 stablemen for coun-
try, $30 and- found, and others. J.' F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
2 RESTAURANT cooks. $12 CO week and $60
month: cook for 10 men,- $25; hotel cook, $40;
troardlng-house cook, \ $45; ,3 -waiters for
springs, $23; .colored waiter, $35; short order
waiter, $20 and found; German porter for
saloon, $23 to $30; dishwashers and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free rmployment. 927 JJarket st, room 207.
I. LESS, Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED for U. S. Army— Able-bodied un-
marrled men between ages of 21 and 35; citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, 121 New Montgomery st,
San Francisco, Cal. .
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of. 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch, able to read and speaks English. For
further information apply to the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
WANTED— Steady man to assist in light,
genteel work; will pay $16 to $20 per week;
experience not necessary; * must have $150
cash. Apply at 25 Geary st, room 1.
WANTED — An energetic, reliable man to dis-
tribute books and pamphlets for physician;
must have good references. Call room 12,
2ZV% Kearny st. .
GOOD blacksmith and horseshoer for country,
near city; wages $3; steady place; mostly
light work." Call at HOLT BROS., 32 Main.
SOLICITORS— Two 'Al advertising solicitors;
good proposition. Call from 8 to 10 a. m.,
. room 10, DOS California st.
MAN to work around houss; $10 month and
found; short distance in country. Apply
" West Wind Saloon, corner East and Clay sts.
"WANTED— Good tailor at 305A Mason st.
SMALL boy to guide blind man in and out of
city. . 255 Stevenson st.
PRESSMAN wanted on pants. 734 Montgom-
ery st..' room' 1.
WANTED— First-class waiter. 29 Stockton St.
GOOD union barber wanted Wednesday, Sat-
urdays and Sunday. 2197VJ \ Powell st. '.
WANTET>— Barber; steady work. 237% Fifth.
GOOD barber; steady job. Apply 725 Fourth
street, San r.fael; tel. Red 15.
BOOTBLACK' wanted: steady job; good
wages and found. 10.48 McAllister st. .
WANTED— Basters on coats.'- Apply at factory
. of S. N. WOOD & CO.; 27 Geary st. *
UNDERPRESSER on pants.- BELASCO-HAR-
RlS CO.. 541 Market st. .
CARPENTER and ' painters ; non-union; no of-
I fer fees. Mechanics' Registration Bureau,
.-; 410 Kearny. st. . • , .
BARBERS. Attention!— The ¦ State Board of
Barber Examiners are now in session daily
at Emma Spreckels building, room 204, from
9 a. m. * until 5 p. . m. for the purpose of
'.Issuing, certificates, in accordance with the
, law regulating the practice of bartering In
California, as passed- at the session of the
.last Legislature. ,. "P. W. DRAKE. Sec.
WHOLESALE house requires the services of
young man. to do offlce work and make him-
self useful ; typewriter preferred. Particulars
to box 3671. Call offlce. _ -•
"WANTED— A man with $300 as a partner In «
I first-class restaurant to attend to cash coun-
ter. Apply at 26^4 Kearny st. room 9.
WANTED— 40 tall men for the production of
- "Under Two Flags" at Columbia .Theater;
f stage . door * this morning: • at 9:30. "
BARBERS— 2-chair . shop with baths . in near-
by country town. Apply DECICELMAN
BROS.. 106- Ellis st. .
WANTED — An experienced man - or boy for
.peddling fruit. . Call at 5C3 Natoma street, 7
• o'clock a. m. . /
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2
Q..A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
WANTED— Advertising man. 628 Montgomery
street, room 16,. third floor. ,
3-CHAIR barber shop for • sale; stand lnspec-
" • tion ; going to Nome. 503 Haight street. ¦ •
FIRST-CLASS .'Jobbing- blacksmith. . A. T
BECRAFT. .Twenty-third and Bartlett sts.
WANTED— 6 first-class paper-hangers. Apply
' at 1614 Market: st. .; , ..-'
COATMAKER -for. country. . Apply 'REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter at." ...
SAILORS' ordinary and green hands, for ships
at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st. , ¦
ALL" sizes men's ! shoes, slightly i damaged half
y price. . 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.;
WANTED-Reliable 7 young man " with some
cash ; , $40 month ; t no . experience. 496 , Fourth.
WA NTED— 600 : men ; to ; buy ; new and • 2nd-hand
shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
•AT cash, prices for $lper week., men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny ,t.--
HELP .WAXTEP— MALE— Con.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: $50
monthly paid our graduates: two months
completes; more calls for our barbers than
we can supply: tools presented: wages Sat-
urdays: diplomas granted: busy season now;
call or write for our special offer to-rtay.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 63o Clay st
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective As-
sociation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers: also confectioners: good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st. '¦ ¦ •
ENTERPRISING man for outside position
with a prominent life Insurance company;
city or country: liberal commission. Address
H. W. KNOLL, 431 California st. San Fran.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to- know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: loO large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per weefc.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys..
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 316.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN to learn- barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
"bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 gillmore st.
f^mwmmmmim*mmmmmmmmmmmmimmammmmmmwmmmm*mmmmi^mw^m^m^m
HORSES AM) WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons. - buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcadj Horse Market,
S27 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. . Auctioneers.
FOR sale-^CampIng wagon, light team and har-
ness. 1202 Mission, room. 2. .
40 HEAD work and driving horses. 721 How-
ard st. ' < 1
A CAMPING wagon, harness and tent for
sale. 404 Jackson st. '-Jt'w
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon, v f or sale cheap. 532 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 1G pages, sent to any -address in the
-United States or Canada one year for $1.
HORSES WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four
or five months' work. Apply at 26 "Montgomery
»t... room X. .-
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: **nd for 'fir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
TO rent for a term of months, furnished house
of 10 rooms; on Powell street, between Sac-
ramento and Clay. Apply to LANDRY C.
. BABIN. 413 Kearny st.
COMFORTABLY furnished house of 9 rooms
and bath; centrally located. TJox 4261, Call.
COTTAGE of 8 rooms; 6 furnished complete
for housekeeping: rent $16. 818 Church st.
INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER.
HOT bath In ten minutes at cost of 2%c; saves
fire In range; you light your flame and by the
time you are disrobed your bath is ready; no
¦ danger from explosion; sold on Installments;
call and see It in operation. RIBBON
WATER-HEATING CO.. Examiner building,
room 607. ,
LOST AND POUND.
LOST — Scarf pin; pearls surrounded by dia-
monds. Reward by returning to o Montgom-
ery st, San Francisco.
LOST— A spotted pointer: license No. 1039; lib-
eral reward. H. DOHRMANN. 3300 Mission.
FOUND— English greyhound. 225 Thirteenth st.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATKIJ1ONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for latest list MRS. HERTZ. 706 E'.lis
j MATTRESSES AND PIL.LOAVS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphcl-
. stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 and 413 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421. Factory 31S & 320 11th st.
MEDICAL. — —
A— RENOWNED specialist; these who desire to
obtain results- promptly; I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain:
j no other treatment will do this; the most •"dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL.101S Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
' gonorrhea and all troubles of male-and female
sexual organs; treat yourself; be your own
doctor: 4 months' suppository treatment, $4:
maternity home; bust developer; send stamp
for circulars. 1126 Market St.. S. F. . Cal.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give In-
stant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
¦ relieved without pain; travelers' helped; .no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale's.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market, ladies'
specialists; 32. years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
j treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at offlce; patients treated can re-
. turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all. female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails;, the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best cure; fee low; consult free
. MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
DR. AND MRS. GOODWIN. 1033. Market, bet.
6th & 7th— Expert specialists; well known and
reliable: 25 yrs' experience: treatment guarn'd
to give instant relief from all female troubles,
avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 26 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
offlce; any ailment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Pest, bet Hyde and Larkin.
DR. POPPER, female specialist; no pills or
medicine used. 1514 Devisadero st, nr. Geary.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all.
skin diseases. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & FiHmore.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
~~ MINES AND MINING"
~~MO^JT^ZU^LV^^^P^R^c^AL^COKE
MONTEZUM A— COPPER— CO A Iy-COKE.
¦ MONTEZUMA— COPPER— COAL— COKE.
Have you lost money in oil? Make up .your
. loss from , profits of copper. No "slump"
there. Montezuma shares steadily advance.
Copper ledge now 20 feet and widening. State
Inspector of Mines says of Montezuma coal:
' "It Is of excellent quality for coking. steam-
Ing . and- blacksmlthlnz "purooees." Nine-
tenths of the product will be converted into
coke, in which there Is a large profit. Both
copper and coal can be produced with true
economy. Copper ores now average about 24
per cent The biggest and safest company In
the rich' State of Washington, under the lawa
. of which State stock cannot be assessed. ''Buy
•these shares now, this month, instead of next
month or later. -You will save money, and
Is just as safe.. The Montezuma
'Company wants a steady income rather than
a large amount of cash on hand, and there-
fore - makes easy terms. Shares
(par value $1) now li^Tash or lie on instaU-
,ments; 500 shares $60. or $5 down and $3
¦ .monthly; 1000 shares $120. or $10 down and $3
'^monthly. Larger lots In proportion. July 1st
.advances tor 15c cash or 17c on Installments.
Ask for prospectus at once, and we'll make a
trade before prices jro_up. Excursion to Se-
attle. July 6; round trip, first-class, including
sleeper; $33; ticketsVgood 60 days; lowest, rail-
; .way rate ever made: ¦; Spend your vacation on
¦ • the Sound. Send for folder »
iiiiiiiiiit
-^ 3IIS*C^Ll.ANEOi:S — FOR SALE.
BOILEKFr"engines. Zd- hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-1!<7 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand: we- alw;ty3 have -a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship evorytr.i-at
In 24 hours. J. NCONAN. :'J17. i0i3. 1021, 1023
Mission st.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
THOROUGHBRED collies. cocJter spaniels.
Great Danes and St. Bernard puppies, set-
. ters. pointers, fox, Scotch, skye. spita. York-
shire, silver and bull terrier pups. Dachshund
and Japanese pugs at College Kent els, 115
Haight: "Phone Page 1472.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinury. en-
gines, boilers, water p-pes, shaftings, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
A— J3.50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1.75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 3S0 Kearny st, neiir Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. JU1SF1T
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4S7 Montgomtry St.
SECOND-HAND machinery or all kinds
bought, sold, rented und exchanged. H. 3.
WHITE, 516 Mission st.
NINE rooms and basement; must be moved;
apply on premises. 13^ Post St.- -
FOR sale— Waltz safe, 7x8: cheap. Apply S. F.
& S. M. E. Ry. Co., 30th and San Jose ave.
FOR sale — An express wagon. Apply :.5O6 Pa-
clflo street • - __^^
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 EUia st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizeii. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st, San Fran.
164 MAGIC lantern and movinsr picture ma-
chine $37 50. 109 Montgomery st
ONE 4-horse-power Covey engine; cne 2H-
horse-power Hercules: bargain. 910 Kearny.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
ENGINES find boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 133 Beale st
FAIREANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
GASOLINE engines. 2d-hand. and otter ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epstein. 538 Mission.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 21- hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Blmonw.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFO. CO.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. I'ortland
Loan Offlce. 25 Stockton gt.
MAGIC lantwns. new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tnres. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
WANTED — A double bowling and shuffleboard
alley. Call or address 1516 Curtis St., Oakld.
H LIPTON pays highest price for oast-ofC
clothing. 7 Spring st. nr. Cal.; tel. Grsen 594.
TILTON wants 2nd-hand clothing, especially
skirts, street dressea. 154 9th: tel. Folsom 2522.
~~ MOSEY TO LOAX.
A— MONEY tc loan at rates- whicn veople can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc ; do not
borrow of your friends or you wUl lose their
friendship; do business with strangers and
you will be better satisfied; no delay; no puh-
Hcity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
IF ™ L :^ R .°. P^ T . IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Loans on estates In probate,
undivided interests In estates, second mort-
' gages, etc ~
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st" floor.
Chronicle building. HALLO RAN & CLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mortgages,
undivided interest, real estate in probate;
mortgages and legacies bought: no delay; get
my terms before doing business elsewhere. li.
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery at... room 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry lit low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market
St.: teL Main 1341. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, It Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prtvata
party; no removal; ifa commission: cenflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 6S.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate: strictly private. Lick, 116 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture: & a month on each
$10CO; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
MONET loaned salaried people without stcurlty.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; no Indorser requii-ed. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts."
321 Parrot building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner tuiildir-T.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
$73 or ?10O or $150 or $260 Is not too much to pay
for a good second-hand piano — if you buy at
the right place. This is the right place and
we have lots of good bargains to shew; we
give the privilege of exchanging any piano
purchased from us for a Decker & 3on at
any time within 5 years from date of pur-
chase and allow full amount paid
• THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 789
Market st.
: ; \
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAT
& CO. may be exchanged for a new St?inway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. " $5 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco: corner Broad ws.y and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano stort from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
341 Post st. opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes nnd all
of our old stock at srreatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFT;, 314 Post st.. between Stock-
ton and Powell.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy *
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE 30
O'Farrell St.: established 1S30.
"A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son. 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz t
Sterling. $75. $125, $143. etc : easv payments.
BENT. CURTAZ N & SON. 16 CFamillT
Chlckerln*. \ose. Sterling Agency; .also
Apollo, king of self-players. 1
BARGAINS— Clearance sale bargains; upright
pianos. $.0 and upward; Steinway. Knatv.
gp me^UEN^To? Po"s d t s°t aer3; " qUarea
BARGAINS-Flschcr, Weber. Manner. Nugent.
«¦}».£ Dav!s : easy payments. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.
A LARGE lot of second-hand uprischt piano*
for sale cheap. HORNUNG'S. 216 McAlll3ter.
ALL makes: great bargains: $30 up: rtnts $2
up allowed. HKINIS PIANO CO.. 217 Geary.
NEW' works put In your old piano. BYRON
MAUZY'3 Factory. 308 Post St.
LARGE 3-pedal upright planqc absolute sacrl-
flee: leaving city. 127 Hyde >t. near Turk.
LUDWIG pianos the most popular. WILEY P.
ALLEN CO., general agents. 933 Mart.et st.
W PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. SSO Hayea st.
$117— MAHOGANT rase Fischer upright! SI?
Geary st. room 33.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. S?7 Mc-
Alllster st.
AT WILSON'S STORAGE. 170« Market st.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a sotig^
SUPERIOR violins, zithers old and new. H.
MUI,t,FR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plao.
OFFICES AND STORES TO 1L.KT.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. S27 Market st—
Runny o'flecs. J15 to $20: usual pp^vicea.
, oil. ; ; _'_ •
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company:
operating on 2120 acres of oil land la mn*
districts.. Offlce. 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— La?t chance at 10c: big advanc»
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co.. 326 Post Open evening?!.
OIL tanks second-hand. In good order; all
- M*e»: cheap. H. S. WHTTR. 5» Ml«sl-»n «t.
___ v OIL LANDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease In all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands In tha
best localities. If you are looking for lanti*
tit wish to Invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
giTKA Sr PETERSON. 301 F.T^mln«r hn)!rtir>r.
_ ' PADiTEHS AXP DECORATORS.
WE paper parlors or rooms from $3 up: paint-
ing done. 319 Third st Hartman Paint Co.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good reli-
able work. Clark's. 80S Larkin; tetLarkJn 100*Cent L & p... 3 _ (Pacific Lt...... 48 50 "
Equitable 4 i% Sacramento ... — 39
Mutual 5 6 S F. G „ E — 43%
Oakland 50 — San Francisco. 4 • A%
Pacific G Imp.41 43% Stktn G.& E- 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's 'Fund.2_& _ ; - :
BANKS.'
Anglo-Cal ..... 77 81 L P & A. .....147 —
California .... — 410 Mer Ex (llq).. IS —
Cal Safe Dep..lO7% — S F Natlonal.125 —
First Natl. 309 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1900 — . Sav & Loan.'.. — —
Humboldt — - — Security.. 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust.. 1400 —
San Francisco.523 650 '
„ STREET RAILROADS. y i? i Vj;
California ....130 134 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary ....*.....— 40 Presidio — —
Market 70 —
POWDER.
Giant — 76 IVlgorlt 3 3%
• SUGAR.
Hana 7& 7%.Kllauea 18^ IStf
Hawaiian — 55. IMakawell 38% —
Honokaa .. 20% 21%iOnomea ¦."...... 22 —
Hutchinsori ..-. 19% 19%lPaauhau 26% —
MISCELLANEOUS. '.
Alaska- Pack. 1127%129% Oceanic S Co. 48% 50
Cal Fruit Can. 96 , 97 Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal "Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Borax. .165 j — '
Merchnts' Ex.110 ~~-r Par Paint .... 16 —
Morning Session.
lOOEquitable Gas '. .'.. 8 73
. 50 Pacific Ges Improvement .'. 42 50
15 Pacific Gas Improvement 42 00
. 155 Pacific Gas Improvement. 45 00
25 S F Gas andElectrlc 42 00
¦ £0 S F Gas and Electric 42 50
50 S F Gaa and Electric. 43 00 •
75 S F Gas and Electric 43 50 .
CO S F Gas arid Electrics 30 43 50
60 S F Gas and Electric 43 62%
25 S F Gas and Electric. 43 75
25 S F Gas and Electric 44 00 '
50 S F Gas and Electric 44 50
95 S F Gas and Electric 45 00
::. 60 S F Gas and Electric e 10 45 00
25 Spring Valley Water 82 CO
$3000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mortgage) 102 25
$100 U S 3s coup ..109 00
$20,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s. ..115 00
' . Afternoon Session.
Board— --
10 California Fruit Canners' 98 00
"$1000 Contra Costa Water bonds... .103 50
100 Equitable Gas 4 CO
250 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 18 25 <
13 Oceanic Steamship Co 49 CO
$20fO Oceanic Steamship bonds .....103 00
25 Presidio R R ». + 27 00
35 S F Gas and ElectricI 42 00
175 S F Gas and Electric... 41 87%
E0 S F Gas and Electric 42 23
¦ 25 S F Gas and Electric.......... 42 50
EO S FOas and Electric 42 73
10 S F Gas and Electric... 43 00
25 S F Gas and Electric i 43 25
15 S F Gas and Electric 43 50
100 S F Gas an<f> Electric 43 75
20 S F Gas and Electric 43 87%
170 S F Gas and Electric 44 00
5 S F Gas and,Electrfc 44 12%
25 S F Gas and: Electric 44 25
5 Spring Valley Water 82 00
5 Spring Valley Water 82 12%
15 Spring Valley Water 82 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—'
IPO Home •-...'. - 2 70
100 Home, b 90. 2 65
.600 Monarch of Arizona 2S
500 Petroleum Center :.... 06
10 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 7 73
200 Sovereign — • 23
240 Sterling. 1 25
200 Twanty-Elght ". 1 10
Afternoon" Session.
, . Board— ¦' " . \
20 Blue Goose ....'. 100 *
1 Hanford '.......:....... 81 00
100 Home 2 55
200 Home 2 60
?000 Junction ..;.. 20
500 Lion 12
2C0 Monarch of Arizona 28
' 100 Occidental of W. Va 49
;100.Occidental,of W. yl............:;..i.. 60
2600 Petroleum Center ' C6
10 San Joaquin Oil & Dev........... 7 87%
¦ 50 Sterling 1 30
.: SAN -FRANCISCO •, OIL EXCHAKGE.
Moraine Sessfon. " "' l: :_ .
•-'- 'Board—-"-'- '•" .";••¦-'• '. :'. '¦¦.¦-'.¦-•.; ¦
1400 Four OH Co...... t. 35
SO Home OH 3 00 .
2000 Lion 12
500 Monarch of Arizona 29
'50 Peerless 5 50
¦¦ - ; * . Afternoon Session. •
--- - _oard — - r ." —..-• . :"¦¦¦-:-*•
400 California Standard 25
4 Hanford .83 00
100 Home Oil, s 30 2 75
1 Junction 21
1000 Lion, b 30 13
. 400 Monarch of Arizona......*........ - . 30
.500 Petroleum Center....:,",;., .............. ..06
']; , "..*" , .MINING STOCKS. ' ¦ [ : ' f'?^:'-
The following were the. sales In. the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: -; ' . -. .-'
• ,.• ¦ Morning Session.
200 Belcher ...;;... 12 700 Ophlr ........... 90
¦100 Caledonia ...... S3 100 Overman 17
7C0 Con Cal & Va..2 15 600 Overman ....... 18
200 Gould & Curry C5 200 Union .Con 13
200 Hale & Norc. . . 25 200 Yellow Jacket. . H
100 Mexican ;....... 23 "r- . . ¦
.'' •'*.. v "¦.'„:.'. - Afternoon Session. '
lOOBelcher 11 100 Ophir ..„.. 93
. 200 Caledonia 34 .200 Overman ....... 17
200 Con Cal & Va..2 15 100 Savage ......... 07
100 Con Cal & Va..2 10 1000 Potosi 09
100 Crown Point... 06 100 Sierra Nevada. 22
100 Mexican 23 BOO Union Con 17
250 Ophlr 92 200 Yellow Jacket.. 10
The following were the' sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. .
200 Belcher 12 200 Mexican 23
300 Best & Belcher 17 300 Ophlr 90
300 Best. & Belcher 18 500 Ophlr 91
1300 Con Cal & Va.2 15 500 Overman l«
600 Con C & Va.2 17% 500 Sierra Nevada. 21
: 400 Gould & Curry. 05 300 Yellow Jacket. . 11
600 Hale & Nor:,.. 25 ..
Afternoon Session.
700 Belcher 11 400. Mexican ..... 23
2C0.Best & Belcher' 18 400 Ophir " 92
350 Con Cal & Va.2 15 300 Sierra Nevada" 22
400 Con C& Va.2 12% 300 Silver Hill .. ' 26
600 Gould & Curry- 04 300 Union Con 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
¦TUESDAY. June 18—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. . • - Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 03 Justice 02 03
Alta — 01 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 04 06 Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher 11 12 Mexican 23 23
Best _ Belcher 18 19 Occidental 08 04
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 91 9"
Caledonia ...... 33 34 Overman 16 17
Challenge Con. 15 18 Potosi 09 10
Chollar 05 C6 Savage 07 08
Confidence 65 66 Scorpion 04
Con Cal & Va..2 10 2 15 Seg Belcher.... — - 03
Con Imperial... — • 01 Sierra Nevada. 21 22
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill ..... 26 23
Crown Point... 06 07 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con.... 06 Standard —3 79
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 05 07
Gould & Curry 04 06 Union Con 17 is
Hale & Norc... 24 23 Utah 04 05
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 10 11
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
PALACE HOTEL. _
Percy L Schuman,
Chlttenden
Mrs J A Gibson. L A
Miss M W Gibson, L A
L K Innes. L, A
Leo Goldsmith, N Y
Mrs J W B Lee, L A
R B Burns, LA ,
C L Crow &w, Rdliids
L R Plechner & wife,
Seattle • -
N Elbretman, San J
L .T Graham, San J-
C H Blrdsall &w, Chi
A Wettenser. *
' Rochester, N Y
T T Williams,- San Tt
Dr J J Miller, San J
LF. S Latour. Gtmla
A G Haberstmyer, Qla
E P Luen, Gtmla
M Bregartney, Gtmla
J M Hubert &w. St L
F R 'McConneU and
wire, Omaha
J L Myers. New York
J Reed, Boston
F N Snook, N J •
H C Eddy &w. Wash
A D Levy. N Y
R A Parker. Boston
D D Ollphant, Ptlnd
J McLachlan & wife, '
Pasadena ¦' ' ~ ¦
C B Deweea. Sacto
Mrs. F H McCollough,
Los Gatos ' -¦-•
F S Glass. Berkeley
Mrs C L Houston; Or
S L Purdy, NY
Rivera and Harbors Committee.
Theo E Burton
W Reevea & w
R P Bishop & w •
E F Aoheson & w
Page Morrla & w
D E A Alexander & w
T H Tongue & w >
Mlsa Torcue
GT Lawrence & w !
J H Davidson & w
R E Lester & vr . .
J H Bankhead & w
Miss Richardson
P B McCullough & vr
Miss McCullough
A S Berry & w
T H Ball & w , .
Mr Ellis ¦
F H Hitchcock ¦¦¦ ¦ -
Mr Hench & vr ' '
Mr Crist ' i ;
GRAND HOTEL.
H M Case, Or -
A B 'Marshall, N Y
J R Bowles, Ptlnd
W D Campbell. LA
JE No!nn &:w, Cal •
A J Larson & w, Cal
V R Larson & w, Cal
C B Greenwell, Cal .
E Fritz, Watsonville
L M Hartley and f am,
Honolulu ; ;
M-Blggs, Oroville
Mrs F Halgh, S Rosa
J Flanagan, Mendo
K J<Fox. Penn; ¦ '
JW Wilder. NY
B C Wlggin &w. Mass
C H Verdius, Seattle
O F Richmond." Ills. •
R E Wallace. Penn . • '
M ' L Stewart, Lincoln
R W Smith; Lincoln
F V Flint. Sacto :
L' Satres," Nicaragua - j
L Loper, Nicaragua
J R Kennedy, NY; :
J B Fonner, Ind ¦"•
P H Hawkins. Clncl ".-.:
H Gerbardt. Modesto
J- T Ellison, Modesto ¦..
W Kaston, > Modesto •
WH Howard; Clncl
H G Miller. Cincinnati
A Straul, Ind .
J Clark. Ohio , :
W J Hassett. Sacto
D J ; Mooney. N H
Mrs D J Mooney, N H
G T Fry, Chicago •'
H Wright &w, Sonoma
G H Ho!t,Jr, Nlca .
EL Gllmer, N O
J A Wajner, NO
Mrs Coney & dau, . Cal
C H Oulnton, Cal
F S Rollins. N Y
F W Schmallng, Neb -
Miss W Clarke/ Ptlnd
J S Towne ftw 7 , Butte
C a West, Portland
A F Fletcher, Detroit
R F- Fletcher, L Gatos
D Fltzpatrick, Nevada
J L Peacock, Buffalo
L F Warner, 'Auljurn
T WStubbs, London
H'E Gempthorne,
Calcutta • ¦
E Schaef er. N Z
Miss J Wlegel, Cal
C M Small. Carlisle
J D Reed. Phlla ;¦•.
W J White. Cal .
J W ¦ Gregg, Tenn
T.B Tanner &w,- St P
NEW WESTERN HOTEL', v 'V*
G Graves,' Stockton
S B Fischer. I Chicago I
T Jameson,- US N-
D M Burney.U S N
E A Stalker, U S N .:-
O S Mullen. . N Y - .
R,W Gates.^Chicago
FP'Swlsher. Seattle-
G - Bailey,": El ; Paso ¦:'•
O ¦- Grove, Stockton
O A McGee &w. j Sttle
J C Murray, 'Alameda
C C Lane, * San Mateo
J' Johnson, -Denver * ¦¦¦
A BYantis.U S N -
M M Murst & w. Htm
H M ¦ McFarland and
¦ wife. Red Bluff
J S Mills. -LA •
E SRonde. Sacto-~I'
J-K-'Brewster,'S Jose"
M ' McGrea. > San Pedro
R B Cunningham, S L
HOTEL ARRIVALS.,
$50. •¦
Susan H. and Albert Rowe to Alma Schnei
der, lot on E line of Orange street, 241 N of
Bay ¦ View avenue, N" 50 by E 150, being lot
20, block 25, same. Brooklyn Township; $10.
E. P. and Kowena Heald to Laura Stickney,
lots 1 to 5," block.. A. Melrose Station Tract,
Brooklyn .Township; $500.
Lone Tree Cemetery to G. Mansfield, lots 9
and 10. In section 1, plat 11, Lone Tree Ceme^
tery, Eden Township; $48. .
Builders' Contracts.
A. and P. O'Donnell (owners) with Mager &
Conrad (contractors), architect Fred B. Wood.
—All alterations and additions to a 3-story
frame building on E line of Folsora, street. 135
S of Sixteenth, S 30 by E 100, Mission block 49;
total, $659.
Same owners with same contractors, archi
tect same. — Excavation, brick, carpenter and
mill work, stairs, hardware, electric work,
plastering, glass, glazing nnd tin work for a
3-story and attic frame structure on E line of
Folsom street, 105 6 of Sixteenth, S 30 by E 100,
Mission block 49; total: $5548.
Same owner with Charles Rehn (contractor),
architect same, plumbing, gas fitting and sew
ering for same on same; total, $1000.
I Margaret Fritz (wife of Frederick) to Eliza
beth Haskell, Matilda Hanke and August Fritz,
lot on SE line of Howard street, Jito SW of
Twelfth, SW 25 by SE 137:6, quitclaim deed; $1.
Mary C. and George E. Raum - to Christine'
L. Struven (wife of J.), lot on E line of Wood
ward avenue ¦ (Jessie street), 198 N of Four
teenth. E 70 by S 24; $1500.
George and Christina Dorlng (or Doering) to
Peter and Honora Duffy, lot on E ¦ line of
Treat avenue, 125 S ' of Twenty-fourth, S 25
by E 112.6; |350O. . .--. : v
Carrie ~B. Cheever and Celia Kearney (or
Kerney) to Catherine Morgan (wife of Samuel
A.), lot on SW line of Essex street, 188 NW
of Harrison, NW 4 by SW 87:6; $10.
Thomas I_ and Philippine Henderson to
George Tourny, lot on SE corner of California
street and Seventh avenue, S 100 by E 120; $500.
. Solomon and Dora Getz to Henry W. Myers,
lot on W line of Ninth avenue, 225 N of J
street, N 25 by W 120; $1000.
Rachel Montgomery to William T. Montgom
ery,, lot 1, block 168, University .Extension
Homestead Association; $10. . -•
•Joseph Pattlson to Union Lumber .Company,
lot on SW line of Fourteenth avenue South.
50 SE or I street, SE 25 by SW 100, block 285,
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; $10. ,
Estate Bridget T, Nevln (by A. C. Freese,
administrator) to H. F. Blanchet Jr., lot 9,
block 11, Tract A, People's Homestead. Asso
ciation; $85. - - - • - .
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to Julia
GUf ether, "lot on NW line of Madrid ¦ street.
150 SW of Brazil avenue, SW 25 by NW 100,
being a portion of block 28, Excelsior Home
stead; $500. :- ' , ¦ •
Same to Gabriel Lowln, let on.W line of
Wheat street, 100 N of Salinas avenue, N 25
by W 30, block 6, Garden fraot Homestead; $10.
i Alaineda County: . V
Charles Tl ¦ Harper to Mary- A. Harper, 'lot
on S line of Twenty-first street. 123:1% E or
Linden, S 87:6^4 by W 25, being a portion of
Wensinger Tract, Oakland; gift.
I Percy W. Maglll (trustee, successor as 'trus
tee of James W. Whiting) to California Safe
Deposit and Trust Company, 753 D 247, ' all In
terest In lot on NW corner of Castro and Thir
teenth streets, ,W. 200 by N'. 100/ being 'lots ID
to 27 lot 185 on'i official map,.' Oakland; also
property in San 'Jose, Santa Clara
grant. , ¦. ¦¦ - " ..¦¦..•'
: Annie J. and John R. Wharton to William
Corbln, lot 10. block G, J. W. Crawford Tract,
Oakland; $2000. ¦ . • . ¦' . ¦ J . '. ' 1 >. r
Henry T. and Mary- Renton to William J.
Dlngee. lots 21 and 22, block C, Sather Tract,
Oakland; $10. "J , • " ..' . „ '- i. '
| Mary A., William J. and Mary J. Donaughey
to John H. . Donaughey, all Interest in lot on
N line of Derby street, 275 E of Fulton, E
150 by N.135, being lots 49, "50 and 61, block
1455, map of Berkeley property, maps 1 and 2,
Blake Tract, Berkeley; $5. "- ¦
Peter G. and Ella L. King ¦ to George M.
Stratton, lot 12, ¦¦ block ' A/ Batchelder Tract.
Berkeley; $1500. . ', . ' - .-,:.> r - -.',' 'i ,"•
Charles T. Harper to Mary. "A. Harper, lot
64, map of Ktngsland . Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; gift. . .
v H. C. Morris to C. W. Hamilton, lot 6, block
9, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township; $500.-
Louis and Hermlne Schneider to Susan H.
Rowe. lot on E line of v Cherry street, 175 S
of Jones avenue. S 50 by. E 150, being lot 18,
block 20, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township;
Cornelius . Callaghan to James P.| Callaghan,
lot on N line of Filbert street. 163 _ df Web
ster, E 30 by N 120 (reserving life estate); gift.
Philip H. Trezise to Albert G. - (or Albert)
Trezise, undivided one-half Interest In lot on
E line of Scott street, 75 S of Oak S 25 by
E 106:3; $2500. . . -
Margaret A. . McEvoy to Bridget Tlernan
(wife of. Richard), lot on S lint or Jackson
street, 137:6 W of - Devis&dero, W 68:9 by S
127:8%: $500. ' >\ ¦ •¦--. ;-¦¦ .
Bridget and Richard Tlernan to Maria Al
tube, same; $10. . . - - ¦- ¦
Emma G. Wright (wife of C. S.) to Annie
L. (ferter (wife of . George E.), lot on S line
of Clay etreet, 137:6 W of Locust, W 27:6 by
S 127 :8H; $2500.
George E. -Carter to Annie. L. Carter, same
gift. ¦ . ¦ ¦¦. .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 19, 1901.
/Continued from Page Eight.
COMMERCIALNEWS
11
Gabrlele Franchini, 23, 3851 Twenty-third
street, and-Erna.E. Lippl, 18, 3828 Twenty-
third street. '/:¦'.'
"Owen Armstrong,' 32, -Woodland, and Myrtle
E. Hayward. 20, Woodland. t - • •
Julius P. Glaser, 24. 2208; Mason street, and
Marie C. . Rossi, 23, 720 Green street.
John J. Miller, 21, San Jose, and Sara Cole-
man, 18, 1834 California 'street. . •'
William. F. Fisher, 36,, 310 San Jose avenue,
and • Lucy Cronan, 24, 14 Dale street.
John G. Goetze. 23, 215 Sanchez street. v and
Mamie. A. Siebert,' 22, ' 470 Tehama street.
Giuceppe Giannlni, 26, city, and Maria Rossi,
21,-clty. . ¦ . " .-.
Wllholm Bolm, 33. 2393 Howard street, and
Anna Pielereit. 30, 239.3 Howard street. , '
G. Gabriel Navllle, 21, 1035 Folsom street,
and Matilda T. Anderson,. 28, 26 Rlncon place.
and Florentine G. Evans, 29, 343S Twentieth
street. : ¦ •. / '• ¦ : • '•• ' •¦ ¦ ¦
BOBN. V
ALBRECHT— In this city, June 9, 1901," to the
¦wife of R. Albrecht, a daughter.
BARNES— In Oakland, June ¦ 14, 1901. to the
* wife of E. W. Barnes, a son. ;¦.-'-, \
BONN— In this city, -June 14, 1901. to the wife
of AnhllleBonn, a daughter.
ESTES-5-In this city, June IS, 1901, to the wife
' of Dr. Melville B. Estes, a daughter.
GENTLE-In this city, June 13, 1901, to the
. wife of Ira Gentle, a son. .V
HOCKETT— In this city, June 14, 1901, to the
wife of C. G. Hockett, a Eon. - -
JUDGE— In this city. May 27, ,1901, to the wife
of Bernard JudEe, a son.
MIGEOT— In this city, June 7. 1901, to the
1 wife of Chris Migeot, a' daughter.
REARDON— In this city, June 17, 1301, to the
wife of J. J.. Ke.irdon. a sonA . ' . # .
REES-In this city, June 12, 190^ to the wife
of F. D. Rees, a daughter.
Blith, marrlaee and death notices : sent ' by
mail will not be Inserted.-, They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same. published.
E1RTHS-MARRIAGES-EEATHS.
SOUTHERN; -.-PACIFIC.
Trsfav* l«»i*»«» WW«I j»r«> flu«> la'nrrli**!
MAN ntAN4:iM«!4».
¦ (K-ili Line. Foot of Market Street.) -. -.-'
mats — , From Jess 15, 1901. ' — abkitb
7:O«_ Etfiiida, Bilbao, Klmlra, V»c»tUie. '
Kumaej ami naeraoieuto 6:S3r
7:30* Mutiiiez.HauIl_iii»u,V— leju. N»p», ¦
Caliatog- and .San Hi Uou 0:23p
S:O»a D*tU. Woodland. KuignU Landing.
M arxsT il le, < »ro»il!«_ i TiS.l p
8:OU* AUauti.: Kxpress-Ogden aud East 12:Mf
*:»<»*. Mies, Lathrop, Stockton ..7_»F
SsOO.NUea, Mondou, Hanford. VU_i*, '
Porter-Ule .¦. ¦ _:35p
StS«f a Shasta IZxpren— Datia, Williams (for „ ,* ? '
Bartlett Spring*), Willow*, lied .
Bluff. Portland. .TiMr
Hi:iOA Ban .lose, l.iTorinore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. PUcertllle,
JUrymllle, Chlcii. Ite.l ISliilf 4i23r
8:39a OkkiUlf. Chinese (Yotffemlte). So- - : •> *
nora. Carters...' 4:33p
1I:OO» nmjwaril, Nilti and Way Station*.. , > UU«
»:OOa Vallejo ...\__:S3p-
»iO«a Lob Angeles Express— Martinez, .
• . -• ' . Tracy, l>aUir»i>. rttooktou. Merced ' " " -
'.--¦}' '¦ Kromio and Lc» Aneoles .......... ?:25p
«t:i«* Vallrjo. Martinez ami Way Stations 3:33r
IOiOOa Th>« Orerlaml limited— Ogdeu, Den-
¦ icr, Omaha. Chlcagit '...."....:. «»»*P
tl:ll<>pS;.n«iiiHil..KlterStH,i,mri |3iAUa.
3:30 p llajwarU, NH. » ami Way Htatlon*.. : .7uKVp
'. 4iM<>r IS.-mcU. Winters, Haerauienhs ¦¦
WoimIUiiiI. Ki.WiU Lauaiiif. '
M.rys.lllr, OruiUIn IO:33.i
JhflOp Marline*. Han lUiunn. Vatfejo.
' Nai>». «!Hlintoicn. M»(iti» Kuna .. »i»5l
•ttftOp Nl)e», Llvennorv, Stockton, Lortl... . 12Wr
4<:i | 'r lUvwaril, Nile*. Kan .time. Lmrniora f n:-vi*
4i3»p Port Oos ». Ti«cy. UUbrop. Stockton , I »:33\
3:«UpTlie Owl Uiuttml-IT«is.M., TuUrf,' V :\
JWkenflal.l. haugim for Santa Uaf
¦ - liars, Loa A»K»lea — 8;53i
8:«Oi> Martin's. Antloch, Stockton, .Mer' -
>? r- ced.Froiao.... ,..-.....?...<• 12— *F
. 3:O»pTowmlM ...;.. .l«:*3r
• 3:3Op New . Orleaoa Eipre»»— Meadota,
rresro, Bak;r.«ioid.. Loa Aneeiea.
1> ming. El f_u. New Orleans
- • inilSrrt 7:33*
B:»m»p May-Mil, NileaandHan Jose luVit
t«:*«r Vallnjo.. ..:....: ....;..:: 11:23*
i «»:O«r Oriental Mnil-Og<leii. Cheyenne..* n
.- -• : Omaha. Cliiotsn — 1Zi_3p
. - «:OOp Oriaotal 31ail— Ogd«n, Pettier, i
Bt. Louis. Chicago,. t ... j .4j»3p
?:OOr Orox"" hihI CVifornU Kx\-trm,HHC- . '¦
ritninnto. Mitrjurillif, IC«il<liiiK a "
' I'ortUiul. ri.gel .S,nu..l ami I'.nHt »>3V»
HiOSpSan P«b'o. l*Tt ITunte. Martlacx •- J
ami W_y Mtatiuna «It_»a
t<;O3r Valr<j», - -
COAST LIME (JUrrei? «»«*•).- .
tK<M>tt.ril:irk«tSUect.r -'
1«>4I3a Siut* Ciuz KxcaiB 011 10 -wnu Liuz
¦nd Frucp-l Way Statl ns JS:O.lp
8iI3a Newark.(;»iiii!r»illf,S«M.liue,KHlton,
lioiil<li<r<;ri-»li.SaiilaUrii7.aii<l Way
Kutloi.n ".. -3i3»r
t»tlSp Newark, CotiterTillK. ban .fixe, N«w
Alnuxinu, felton. limililer <;rm<k.
Santo- tJroa ami 1'iluciiial Wa» ¦ '.' '
.. # *. Sutlons. - I«i-"»OA
4il3r Newark, Han J<m«.lios Galon. ...... t"**^"*
e 'tl.tp Cl«?nwood.B<H I'derCreefc. Sai-t*Crni «Wi3i»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From S15 fUS0 CD— foot »f Miiket Street (Slip 8)-- - i .
t7:15 lurti U.OOa.H. 1:00 3:33 S:I3'-.«.
rrtmOltLliiu -i-ooi ar Ei«J«»»._fr..oo (ii:00 13:05
10;00*.H. ' 12:C9 3:33 4:03 r.u. .' ' -.
COAST LINE Jliroai! Uawgc).
V_ (Tblra-yiiU TowiimimI Stop -
«:I«»a Sau Juie.nd Way nUtians. Wui>
? 7:««A Kail Jiwenmt \V»y SL.li;.llfl. ........ ll-»r>
/7>O»A New Al»ia>1«» ...../-IslWr
J7s:i«a Sunday __ enraioo for Han Jtte, " .
Har.U Crui. PjcI.Ic Grore and
Principal Way Button!* {S:3Op
* 00 a Hhii Jimm, Trea Pitnw. NanU I'rnx,
Paeirle «Jr«T<-, <-alin>s f-an l.r.it ¦ ¦•
Ob-sjio, Banta, Bjrbara ami Piiu-
dn_i intermediate stations 7>3op
10i3«ASan Jrieaud Way station,. 4:lUr
I I:3«a Han .time ami. Way SUtion* ........ 9iU«p
f2: Iftr flan Maten, ilM v»oo-l, iMenlo Park.
. l'alo Alto. Santa Clara. !Hai» Jom.
Trea Finos. Santa t.'ruz. Saliuaa. '-
Monterfiy nmi l'»cillc Croru.. ftr*:!.^*
. S:a*p Han . line »n<l Way Station*....-.... fi:.t»A
tlilSr-SaiiJuaeau.l Principal Way Stations tf:-|."».«
|3:OOpSau Jo««>. Loa Gatos auj Principal '
Way Stations.... i»rt»O%
SiSAp San Jine ami Principal W» T Stations »i36a
O.o»p Kedwo-d, Han Joe-. Gilrciy. Saliofta,
Santa Barhar*. Los Arg»l?s 1O:OI>A
6s00p Del Monte, Mouterey, Paci flc Grore, - . " "
- Lo poo .........;.. 10:OOa
8:3Op Sau Ji.sn ami Way .Stations t •«:«<•*
gll:4»pSa»».Ios^»i».l Way Kta.tt.ma 7;a»?
A for Morning. P for A f temoon.
tRiiniiajr excepted. '* ! Sunday on!y. ,j
a Ssturday 011I7. . t HomUy.
e 8anirday t n I Bnpday. / Tn^wdayii and - fridayg.
GALIF0RHI1 .MTHWE^TEPRLCO.
¦¦: -:•'¦; :.n'.i-->' •
SAN FRANCISCO AHD K03TH PACIFIC
railway company.. .
TIburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
Son Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 almT; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:io
'and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
- 6:00; «:20 p. m.^ .. . -; #.
.,. San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEIK DA_S-^<:10r Tiff, a:20, v llJa.al ni.: 12:43,
S:40,:S:15'p. m. ' Saturdays— Extra trips, at 1:&5
and «£- p. m. '-..'. ..--¦¦. .',:•-.-.•• ¦,
SUNDAYS— 8O0. -9:4». 11:1O 1 a- m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 p. _- .¦¦¦.-' :-:. ,: •- -
Leave \ In Effect I Arrive
San Franclaco. JAprll 28. -901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I . . ' . I Sun- .{Week
Days. I days. | Destination. I days." \ Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:03 pm 10:23 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. .7:35 pm 6:20 pro,
Fulton. " "
7:30 am Windsor. ' . 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am . V* '
Lytton.
Geyservllle. ' •' ;
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 p_| Hopland |10:40-a_ i!10:23 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 amf and Uklah. ¦ | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am ' . 10:40 amjlO:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm '- . | «:2tt pm
1:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma . 9:13 ami 8:40 am
and-
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 5:05 pml 6:20 pm
7:30 amt 8:00 ami 110:40 amllO:25 am
3:30 pml 5:00 pm| SebastopoL I 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark We»t .
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. .Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport" and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Ppmo. Potter .Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. "Lierley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*s Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Brass. West-
port, Usal, Wllllts, Lay ton ville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, -Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday, round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ' • ¦¦ ¦¦-
On Sunday round trip tickets to all ' points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 830 Market street. C_ronJd»
•:•-' Building. * ..
H. C. WHITING. '¦ R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry. ;-V"~
Commencing April 23. 1901. ,
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
- - AND SAN 1 RAFAKU • '
WEEK DATS— 3:55. 8:30. 11:00. a. m..
12:45 -*1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. "6:15. 6:t5-p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mm Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, 'Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »9:00. »10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45. *l:30. 2:30. »3:45. 5:00. «:C0. , 7:30
p.. m. 11:09 a. m, does not run to. San Rafael
Sundays.'' . .-" ' •• - »,...--•
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25. 6:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10:15
i. ni.. 'I-:-. 1:15. 2:20. «3:35 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at -6:45 and 18:00 p. nn. .
SUNDAYS— «:15. *iM. »:43, •11:00: a. /m., »13
m.. 1:00. 5:15. *3:30. 4:30. »3:43.. «:4S. .7:30. 10:10
"Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO' SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:43. 6:43, 7:53. 8;Si: 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10.- 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on -^ondays. " Wednesdays
and Saturdays'at 7:10 and 10:35 'p." m.-'
1 SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. .11:10 a., m., 12:13,
1:20 2:3C. 3:43. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15, 10:30 p. n>...
' THROUGH TRAINS.
8:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero. and -way sta-
tions. -¦» -¦ • .
-&:1j p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . • .. ¦ ... ¦ "• ." \t
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays exceptedV-
Tomales . and way stations. - •
8 a. m.- Sundays — Cazadero and way s^itlona
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. . ' : .-¦
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Tl» Suuila rerrj— Foot «f M.rk.t St. '
if »vi ••>« nun. ¦ »«mvi *»m num.
iS> 2*i .^..."w-e- dats... A g*r- J^
4a_J:M:s^"—^*— T - T ™i8^I:__
8.-0OA. M.V '.-¦ ¦ • : t(12Mr.U.
9«0A.M. • • 1:15 p.m.
IO.-OOa. M.I _TIN_»AT_ : . ISOr.u.
11-30 a. M. '••"*•' 8ONDATS....... 1 4:SQ p
130?.M. V 6 JO P. _b
2-JSO P. M.J. , ; . .¦ 7:10».__
' - • ' .'-. Tu«. Stn Pnn«lw> t* 9«— «_l iwJ —tara, fl.M
, ' ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & Sanaalito Kerry.
SI pep Ycai*. >
COHN— BARMAN— In Fresno. June 16, 1901. by
Superior Judge Clink, Robert Cohn of Fresno
and Clara Barman of San Francisco.
KINKADE— BOYD— June 17.- 1901, by the Rev.
Father Canttlllon, Samuel Robert Kinkade
and Eva Belle Boyd. \\i . ' - .
McGIFFIN— O'BRIEN— In this city, June 17,
1901, by the Rev. M. D. Connolly, Joseph A.
McGIffln and Katie' O'Brien.
MOGAN-HARRISON— In' this city, June 18.
1901. at St. Francis Church, .by the Rev.
Father • Will, — • McGough. Austin J. Mogan
and Elizabeth A. Harrison, . both of San
. Francisco.
MOHR— KUHN— In 'this city. June 16, 1901,
by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke. Fred W. Mohr
and Mathilde Kuhn, both of San Francisco.
ROSE— McFADDEN— In this city, June 18,
1901, by the Rev. Pr. John A. B. Wilson,
Alex Rose and Effle Viola McFadden, both
of South San Francisco. . ¦ ' "• .
MARRIED.
TIENKEN— In \ this city, June 17, 1901. Henry."
beloved husband of Lena Tienken, fatner of
William and . Charlotte Tienken, and brother
., of ; William Tienken i and -Mrs. J. Sehllcht-
mann,. a native of Kohln. Amt Lehe. Ger-
. many, I aged 41 > years 2 months and 7 . days. .
r C7" Friends and. acquaintances are rea'pect-
; fully Invited to- attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of H.F. Suhr & Co.", 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to Union-
square : Hall, "421 Post street, where ¦ services
will be held under the auspices of Germania
; Club, commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment
" Mount Olivet Ceijietery. by carriage. ,'
TISDALE— In the City and County * Hospital.
June 18, -1901, Lorrin G. Tisdale, a native of
..Ohio, aged 70 yeais. --.; v . •
WANNER— In Alameda, Cal., June 13, 1901,
Emma Wanner, beloved wife of Louis Wan-
ner, a native, of Switzerland, aged. 40 years
I ** "jonths and IS days.
(CT Friends and -acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral. to- morrow
¦ (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from "her late
.residence, 1194 Park avenue; S Interment
• Mountain View. Cemetery, Oakland. . ""
WELLS— In this • city, . June 17, ,1901, Annie
Marie, beloved wife of Arthur Wells, mother
¦of Eva Wells, ,'beloved daughter, of Mrs. Otto
¦ Rofcei tretter, and sister of Otto, Alice." Gro-
ver and Peter . Rosentretter, a native of .San
Francisco, aged 23 years 7 months and 2
days. ¦ ,'•'•*> :
inrFriends* and. acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
("Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.", -1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and -Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemeterjr.'_5gjS,_g . .
YOUNG— In this city, June 17, 1901, George A.,
beloved husband of Martha R. -Young, a na-
. tive of England, aged 80 years and 27..days.
E_>"This day (Wednesday), a requiem mass
J.will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at St. Brigid's Church, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment private.
RAILWAT TSAVIEL.
(t_rFrIends : and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at the
Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Seventh and Mar-
ket streets, . under the auspices of the O. F.
Relief Committee. Interment Hills of Eter-
nity Cemetery, by the 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. - .
SCHOTTMAN— In this city, June 17, 1901, Ber-
tha, clearly beloved daughter of Charles and
'Louise Schottman, and sister, of Alice, Ed-
win, Grace and Julia Schottman, a native of
San Francisco, aged 7 months and 23 days.
¦ PT-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tne funeral this day.
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 23 Montezuma street,
between Shotwell street <ind Cose • avenue.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car-
rlace. " ¦ ¦ . ....... . . 1
SPANGER— In* this city, June 17, 1901, Peter
Spanger, a native of Holsteln, Germany,
aged C2 years and 3 months. ' . .
'¦". E-^Friends and acquaintances are* respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.,', 1137 Mission street,
hctween Seventh and..- Eighth. Interment
" Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STAGER— In this city, June 18, 1901, Grace E.,
beloved daughter of Nettle and the late Wil-
liam Balbach. and sister of Mrs. William
Stager, a. native of San Jose, aged 19 years
and 11 days. • , r:
STUART— In Oakland. June 18, 1901, W. J..
Stuart, a native of Sag Harbor, N. Y., aged
68 years. ¦ (Sag Harbor. N. Y., and Louis-
ville, Ky., papers ; and L<?s Angeles Times
please copy.) •¦ \
(CTFuneral notice later. - •. -
C_^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend Mhe funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence, 1161 Sixteenth street, Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View . Cemetery.
ROSENTHAL— In Medford. Or.. June 15. 1901.
Simeon Rosenthal, beloved ¦ brother of ! J.
Rosenthal, Mrs. Esther Cohn, Mrs. Pauline
Knopf, all of New York, and the late Solo-
mon and and Simon Rosenthal, a native of
Germany, aged 65 years.
G_7"Funeral at her late residence. 628 Pine
• street, to-morrow- (Thursday), at 2 o'clock.
Friends are invited.
HIEF1ELD— In Oakland, June 17, 1901, Nellie
M., beloved wife of William H. HIefleld, and
daughter . of John and Mary E. Thome, a
native of Lafayette, aged 24 years.
McGOWAN— In this city, June 18, 1901, Mary
H. McGowan, daughter of Matilda B. Mc-
Gowan and the late William McGowan, and
sister of William, Charles and Fred Mc-
Gowan and Mrs. J. R. Foster, a native of
New York City.
MILLSAPS— In Oakland, June 17, 1901, Jane
F. Mlllsaps, a native of Canada, aged 80
years.-.
B_~FriendR and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from th* resi-
dence of the parents, 26 Natoma street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GUIDER— In South San Francisco, June 17,
1901. Mary Matilda Guider. dearly beloved
. wife of James Guider, and beloved mother of
Mrs. J. L. Davis and the late Bessie, Charley
and Kittle Gulder and Zua, Jlmmle. Opal.
Hallie and Lee Gulder, a native of Warren
County, Indiana, aged 45 years 8 months and
3 days. (Chicago papers please copy.)
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ths funeral -this day
(Wednesday), at '1 o'clock, from her late
rerldence, 1712 Twelfth avenue south, ; South
San Francisco. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery-
HENSHAW— In this city, June 14, 1301, Mrs.
Helen E. Henshaw, a native of New York,
aged 73 years.
CT'The funeral will take place ' this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1812 Vallejo street. Interment pri-
vate. . • i ¦.-.- ¦ ' ; .
GALVIN— In this city. June 17. 1901. Peter F..
beloved son of . John and : Annie Galvln, and
brother of Patrick - Joseph,- . John Timothy.
George Thomas ' and Mary Ellen Galvln, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 months and
3 clays. . .
lETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thiirrday), at 8:30 .o'clock, from her^ late
residence, 2024 Filbert street, thence to St.
Brig.'d's Church, corner Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a solemn requiem mass
¦will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
¦ comir.enclng at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CURR1E- In this city, June 18; 1901. Howard
T. Currle. son of T. T. Currle, grandson of
Mrs. J. T.- Newman, and nephew of Mrs.
L. Davles., Mrs. n. C. Black, Mrs. G. Stolz,
Mrs. William Jones and Frank: Newman, a
native of California, aged 16 years 8 months
and 22 .days. . ¦
[ETRemalns at the parlors Of N. Gray &
Co.. 641 Sacramento street.
DIBBLE— In this city, ' June 17. 1901, Henry
- Dibble, beloved: son of Henry C. Dibble,, a
' native of New Orleans, • aged ¦ 28 years 4
months and 24 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seyenth^and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. . ,¦
CALLAGHAN— In th's city, Tuesday, June 18,
1301, Mrs. Catherine .Callaghan, beloved wife
of Cornelius Callaghan, mother of Patrick
and Daniel Coleman and Mrs. J. E. Kitzr
Patrick, and stepmother, of James P. Cal-
laghan, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
BREITSCH— In Marysville. June 17, 1901, Ja-
cob, beloved husband of, the late Barbara
Breitsch, and father Of Mrs. C. Clcs. Mrs.
W. Sagemann, Mrs. G. Schulz. Mrs. J. Bruns
and Mrs. H. Alhf. a native of Arihelm, Ger-
many, aged 70 years 10 months and 28 days.
Henshaw, Mrs. Helen Tisdale. Lorrin O.
Hlcfield. Nellie U. Wanner, Emma
McGowan, Mary H." "Welis. Annie M.
Mtllsars. Jane F. Toung, George A.
.-; •" .-¦ ¦ DIED.-' , ¦ ¦;¦: .,.¦ •
Breltsch, Jacob . Rosenthal. Simeon
Callaffhan, Mrs. C. Sehottman. Bertha
Currle, Howard T. Spangrer, Peter
Dibble, ' Henry ; Stager, Grace E.
Galvln. a Peter F. Stuart, W. J.
Gulder, ' Mary M. Tlenken, Henry
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st. opposite Lincoln School. ¦";.
Telephone South 80. \ J
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
PALMISTRY. • ;
PHYSIOGNOMY. ~~ ~~~
SCIENTIFIC delineation of~charaeter hv- f>*.
SrSafreaa^,?- «»
terbal readj^jjj printed chart. $2 60: lessons.
PERSO.WLS. ~
A ot^jr ou^ h t lr J^^°^ r you are *»»*•• c*ii
J^»^^-. MOORE - 488 Bt.. and you
ti2!iv - disappointed: this remedy is posl-
M$Z n F£* nU *}j Preparation sent to a 1
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
E h£e7 I ii°T>!, i|!! ? t . ln every """n-Wlncheet-r
«S> to Vi V 1 d rt -,. near Market: 700 rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ll R^ E .? K . LT ~ Suits to order from genuine
«nV^i\™ n . p: ?-" e dre8 " Pu1ts - m ™P5 e1 "-
Markrt tr^it- J13 HP" LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market rt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
IT )™ K, aalr^ . 1ron ***"• "ingle, three-quarter
£o i^l*;~PJ?- EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-isi; Stockton st.. near Broadway.
G wHT L F MAN \°i 45 deslr « correspondence
3'°^ lady- or widow; object matri-
mony. Address box 3583. Call office.
F^fi O f N ?? k cured In one aPP»catlon or no pay;
satisfaction guaranteed. 469 Hayes st.
8 «i P^« FLt:OUS nalr * nd ~"»' es destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
MOLES, warts and corns guaranteed taken out
without pain. 24 Ftfth st.. room 19.
La<3 , l t s ' T aT L d s^nts" capt-oft clothing bought and
gold. J. Sllverman. SSI Folgom:tel.Folsom 1191.
TA , IL P R ma<3e »ultn. ff 50: oTeos pantF. J2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Harriet Welch. 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept fh. and Sat.: floctrolysls; 17 years' exper.
OLD roia. bO— er. diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. E17 Market st.
• A I' F . HEDTTMS E *yptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
MAPQTTKRADE cnstumen. play books, wies;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE-S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 15c; all druggists.
C £ K ,f P £ ST and best In America— The Weekly
li , } 6 P"** 8 - * en * to any address In the
i- nitPd St.-itps or Canada one v*ar for $L
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O-D0NNEL_— Office and residence,
1<?1 Market ft., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body see
t>*=t«T-onialB at office. 115-11T Ma con, nr. Kills.
PILES. ~~ ~ •
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst: many who have suffered 20 to 30 years-
over fifty names of prominent business men
pent es reference; no chloroform, surgery or
«?"lay from bu*lnes6, and no salves for sale
Particular!' address Physician, box 1950. Cali
HEAL CITT — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.. ~"
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
E S T A TE S—
INCOME—
Hairht-rt. flats, north line; high, sightly ele-
vation; magnificent view; modern throughout
In every detail; specially arranged to combine
comfort and convenience; lower flat. 6 rooms,
Mlliard room, bath and servant's room; upper
flat. 7 rooms and bath; 4 finished rooms in
attic; rents $1080 per annum; price $10,000;
rays over S per cent.
Price $35.000— Rents $2400 per annum net: under
lease: only expenses are taxes and Insurance:
pays 6 per cent net per annum: Mission st..
In business portion; four etory and basement
brick building; elevator. t
Pric* $8150— Rents $900 per annum: 2 new mod-
ern bay-nrtndow French flats ; built about 3
years; splendid location In Pacific Heights
eistnct; Devisadero st., near Washington;
convenient to all verts of the city by transfer
from Devlsadero-st . cars; large lot, 25x110;
best and cheapest flats offered on the market
to-day for sale; ret permit from office.
Price *15,50(y-New > etory and» basement brick
building, containing 2668 square feet pn each
floor: 2 stores, rents #70; t basements, rents'
S20; 2 upper floor-, rents t_0; total monthly
rentts. 1240; pays over 15 per cent net; vicinity
of Montgomery ave. and Broadway; northern
portion of town.
Price f27,500 — Rents $250 per month; splendid
S-story bay-window frame building. In thor-
ough repair and condition throughout; con-
tains stores on ground floor, flats above: large
lot. 73x90; not far from Market and Taylor
sts. ; no better busln-ess thoroughfare.
Trie* J61S0— Prepmy sold to dose an estate; In-
come per month. J£2 50; 3 separate flats; al-
ways tenanted on account of splendid loca-
tion: rear Jackson and Larkin ets.
Fr!c* $lf2.500— Ml*sion St.. near First; north
side: corner of Ecker; runs through to Lick
alley: has 3 frontages; lot S4x99:6; no piling
needed for foundation; splendid site for erec-
tion of large building for manufacturing pur-
poses.
BALDVTIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
_________________ . _____
Pnicndid level building lots on easy terms;
H. I, J, K sts.. Seventh to Twelfth aves.;
building no fast: also our
SPLENDID OFFERING.
SELLING FAST.
SEE THEM TO-DAT.
Building lots on H st. and Nineteenth ave.
boulevard, fronting Golden Gate Park.
Prices moderate .-. Terms easy
Lots level Streets macadamized
Official grade Plank sidewalks
Welsbach gas lamps.. Water and mall service
On car line On Park entrance
Better class of new homes.,
Branch office et the corner
of H rt. and Ninth ave.. south of Golden Gate
Park; open every day. Sundays and holidays;
don't delay, but Interest yourself In a home
lot at ence; small first payment, balance $10
" r«r month; interest at 6 per cent on deferred
payments
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
\, 10 Montgomery street.
tEE these properties to-day; they are open for
Inspection and In course of construction;
owner on property to chow them:
I"C0— r.r-r.xs 172 TO; 2 handsome flats on Fill-
more et., near Green; contain 7 and 2
rooms, bath. etc.. each; flniBhed In latest
style and excellent taste; kitchen In cen-
ter of flat.
JCOOO — Flllmore et., near Green: 2-story house
of 9 rooms: lot 25xS5: finished basement.
LTON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery et
545,000— CHOICE corner property, east of Van
Ness ave., north of Market et.: rent
$415; handsome new Improvements ; all
rente-'; large corner lot.
SDCO— Handsome flats on Folsom St., near
Twentieth; lot 2Sxl22:6; flats contain S
and C rooms, etc., each; rent $45; prcp-
erty co*t more.
$7000— Rent $30 50: Twenty-sixth r*.. near
Capp: good 3-story building; let 43x160.
JS500— Lot 50x137:6; north side of Page st.
near Ashbury; cheapest lots on the
street
LTON & HOAO. 1J4 Montgomery «t
neCO— TWENTY-SIXTH St., near Sanchez; bay-
window cottage of 5 rooms and bath.
$1250— New cottajte of 4 rooms; Wisconsin i>t.. 2
blocks from terminus of Twenty- fourth;
¦ $200 cash. $14 monthly.
$3000— California st. near Ninth ave.: new ?-
ctory bay-window house 7 rooms and
bath: 25x100.
•5500— California «t.. near Baker; 2-story house
8 rooms and bath. In good condition;
large lot on eunny side of street.
JSOflO— Rent JT-2 £.0; ? fine flats 6 And S rooms
.<nd bath each; lot 25x120; best part of
Panhandle district.
LTON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery Bt.
WASHINGTON - street residence, near Van
Ness; large two-story, basement and attic
houM>. built nine years ago at cost of $14,000;
well built and laid out: four bedrooms, parlor,
dinlnR-room and kitchen on lower floor; attie
has four bedrooms; basement finished with
artificial stone floor, laundry, etc.; flne loca-
tion: plenty of 6un; owner must sell: price,
$18,000. THOS. MAGEE & EONS. 5 Mont-
Eoroery st .
$20.000— FINE business property; flats and
stores: make an offer. Owner, box 3510. CalL
FOn eale— New cottage 4 rooms, bath, large
basement, near Union st. 3022 Pierce St.
IF you have lots to fell north of the Park.
then call on W. J. GUNN. 630 California st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for roalltng. $1 per year.
ItKAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
ONE improved property In Oakland and one
unimproved in Berkeley: no incumbrance;
value $2500 each; exchange for San Fran-
cisco Improved or unimproved property: will I
assume mortgage. A. S. PARE, 420 Mont-
Comery, room 20. WjJMBjl
REAL ESTATE— COCXTRY— For Sale"
A tJct7on7~ —
AUCTION. .
Homeseekers, attention. Receiver's sale": 26.-
000 acres at auction to-morrow at Uklah, June
20, at 2 p. m. Mendoclno Bank liquidation
sale; farming, fruit and timber lands; no re-
serve. For catalogue, see E. J. Sullivan, Re-
'_ corder's Office. City Hall.
J5000— 32-ACRE fruit ranch near Santa Rosa:
26 tons apples. 10 tons prunes, etc. : to trade
for Oakland property. MITCHENER He
PORTER. 466 Eighth st.. Oakland.
$1200—160- ACRE stock ranch; cottage: springs;
barn: orchard: chickens: bargain. MITCH-
ENER & PORTER. 466 Eighth St., Oakland.
FINE stock farm of €20 acres near Marysvllle:
480 acres wheat. 15 acres garden, berries and
fruits, balance summer fallowed: water right
2000 inches of water goes with place; ditch
••will cover several thousand acres; water
right alone is worth price asked for place;
this must be eold to close an estate: price
$25 an acre. Address box 476. Marysville. Cal.
BUY in Napa County; no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Vlticulturist." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena, Cal.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL\MEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA and Fruitvale bargains for invest-
ors and house-seekers; on easy terms or ex-
change for city or country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
One of the finest residences in the city; 13 .
rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc.; best location; fin-
ished In oak. blrdseye maple and Carolina
pine; highly decorated; lot 85x170 feet.
A. R. DENKE,
Webster-st. Station, Alarneda.
$1600— A BARGAIN; house 8 rooms. bath,
chicken-house and pardon; lot 25x108; near
¦ station broad gauge. Address Owner, box
3670. Call office. '
ALAMEDA COTTAGES FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Modern cottage. 6 rooms: bath; lot
KOxlM). 1518 Moiart rt.. Alameda. Mastlck stn.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
H^MES~IN~BERK:Ei.EYr^
Must be sold at once; terms easy. 51200 — Small
house, lot nicely arranged for chicken rais-
ing. $1600— 5-room house, large lot. $1400—4-
room house In West Berkeley, large lot. $1900 —
6-room house, large windmill and tank, Sta-
We. chicken house. $2400— Fine 6-room cottage
at Lorln, grounds In fine condition. $2750—
6-room house at Lorln. $2750— 6-room house,
close to station, all modern improvements,
flne flower and vegetable* garden. $3000 — Love-
ly cottage, a bargain to the buyer. SATOFF
6 WILKINS, 2121 Center St., Berkeley sta-
tlon. Cal.
BERKELEY FURNISHED HOUSES.
7-ROOMED house, furnished; close to unlver-
elty; $40 per month or would exchange for
country house, summer term. Box 2237. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$3600— BARGAI>ToF~THe' SEASON.
Mortgage $2800; 64 feet In front; private
water supply; barn; coachmen's room; space
too expensive to extol Its many qualities; see
. lt and you will buy lt; by so doing make
$1CCO on the Investment; I cannot help lt; I
¦ am Instructed to sell without regard to r!s<S.
J. S. MYERS & CO.. 1002 Broadway, Oak-
land/ Cal.
12800 BUNGALOW FOR $2200.
It Is new and a beauty; absolutely every-
thing that would make an ideal home; near
the local trains; large lot; open plumbing:
no reasonable offer refused: first come, first
served.
J. S. MYERS & CO.. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$2400— ORIGINAL COST $3400.
7 rooms and bath; flne basement: corner lot
33x120; street work complete; best neighbor-
hood In Oakland; owners are non-residents,
hence the great reduction In price; must be
seen to be appreciated.
J. S. MYERS & CO.. 1002 Broadway. Oakland
$3500— COST TO CONSTRUCT $5000.
Owner compelled to leave Oakland; 2-story
house, 9 rooms and 2 baths: double flooring;
plate glass windows: an ideal home: near
the cars, schools and .'business centers: first
• come, first nerved: positively no reserve.
J. S. MYERS _ CO.. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$2600— TERMS will be arranged: pretty Eastlake
cottage of 7 rooms, bath, hall, etc.; elevated
lot 40x100; open terraced lawn, stone walks
and coping: choice central location; handy to
' local station.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
. 100S Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE-.
AN introduction to you from H. Scnellhaas. the
furniture dpaler. 11th end Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH. 1523. bet. Van Ness and Franklin — 3 sun-
ny housekeeping rooms, $1S; adults only.
BRANNAN, 723. above Sixth— 3 rooms neatly
furnished;, complete for housekeeping; $10.
CALIFORNIA. 1327 — Single, double and house-
keeping rooms: gas, bath, water; from $4 up.
EDDY, 604— Sunny corner suite of rooms and
kitchen; complete for housekeeping
EDDY, 735 — Newly furnished sunny suites for
housekeeping; bath; gas ranges; reasonable.
EDDY. 872— Large sunny room with use of
kitchen; everything new; $16. :
FULTON, 308 — Two sunny housekeeping rooms;.
coal otove; bath; gas; yard and basement.
FULTON, 671—3 rooms furnished for house-
keeping. $13; also 2 rooms, $8. v
HOWARD, 701% — Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window suite; man and wife; kitchen; oth-
ers; reasonable. f
HOWARD, 1605— Two front rooms connecting,
complete for housekeeping; private; gas
range; cheap. . ¦ ¦ .
JACKSON, 920. near Mason — Furnished large-
room, grate; or housekeeping; $7 to $8; sln-
gle, $4.
MARTHA Dl.. 3, off Geary, bet. Mason and
Taylor — Large nicely furnished room; com-
plete for housekeeping; rent $7 per mo.-
MCALLISTER, 696— Fine sunny parlors; kitchen,
yard, bath; smaller sunny suite; furn. rooms.
MCALLISTER. 937 — 2 housekeeping rooms; gaa;
t_; call two days.
MINNA. 454— Three or four furnished rooms
for housekeeping; lower floor; separate en-
trance^ :' t
MISSION, 1219 — Furnished housekeeping; com-
plete; no children; also single rooms.
NINTH, 133— Sunny furnished suite of rooms;
of kitchen: »ultable for housekeeping.
OAK. 119 — Large sunny front furnished house-
keeping; newly papered; large closet; reas-
onable^ -¦•¦ ''.
POLK. 1002—3 and 6-room suites, completely
furnlxhed for houseiceepine; $15 up; reference.
SECOND, 212— Furnished for housekeeping;
other rooms; clean; respectable; reasonable.
SIXTH. 123»/i— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; light housekeeping: gas; quiet.
SIXTH, 242— Two or three nice rooms; first
floor; rent reasonable.
SIXTH, 244— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; reasonable. \
STEVENSON, 257, bet. 3rd and 4th— Three fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
TURK. 1T11— One ' or two large unfurnished
rooms f«»r housekeeping. ..»¦•::•
VAN NESS. 232— Housekeeping rooms complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for "Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been, established at 10d6
Valencia ft.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnra. and Unfarn.
AHLBORN~HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, £0c up; meals 25c; free coach.
APARTMENTS en suite or single; splendid ap-
pointments; telephone on . every floor; furni-
ture, carpets new, latest designs; breakfast
rooms top floor. Hotel Nouveau, 312 Stockton.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A— MARKET. 1049A— Kicely furnished suites,
U5 per month up: singles. $5 per month up.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— 3 nice sunny
.rooms ; $8. • ¦-- . .' . - "' :
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished nat.. suites,' single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellin, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnlehed sunny roomy; prices reasonable. ,
FELL. 468— Furnished rooms in private family;
gentlemen; reference . required. - - , ; ¦
$1 10 WEEK— Large sunny furnished room;
closet: bath; private. .. 834 Folsom st.
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites: single with baths;
transient. MRS. KJNO. Turk and. Taylor.
I JAMES McGINN,
Formerly with .McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at ' 214 Eddy ' st.. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 676.
I;-- . mcavoy _ co;..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS _ EMBALMEItS,
I>, 1239 Market St.. .between Sth and Sth.
. Telephone , South 247. ¦'
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
.,27 and ; 29 Flfth.st. -\TeL'i South lCT.vv
IUN-RAL DIRECTORJ AND X— _LK2B).
'Finest -Equipment at Moderate Rates. ' '¦
US:00 p.:m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourlut Sleepers and
Free- Reclining .Chair Cars to Chicago;
also Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at
Fremo. Corresponding train arrives at 5:53
p. m. dally. --¦ ¦ ' . ~
• .7:20 a/ m. la Bakersfleld Local." (topping
et til points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
reppnndinp trnln arrives at 8:40 a. m." daily
Office*— 64t Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. :;: . -_'"' '¦' »'. ¦ .. '
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local J Llm'd J Ovrl'd 1 Local
. - -'• I Dally I - « I Dally I Dally
Lv.San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
." Fresno ... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:03 a 10:50 D
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:0« a
" Vlaalla :.. 3:40 p 4:48 a .. .
" Bakersrid 6:15p 6:20 p 7:30a
" Kans. 'C'y.. 2:40 a 7:S»a
' " Chicago .*, 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•?:00 a m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnlne
Cam through to Chicago. Chair Car ram
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-clans passengers. , No aecond-clan
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.' .. .
4:20 P. m.: In Stockton and Fresno focal
Corresponding train- arrives at 12:20 p. m"
• da«y. .V . :-v < -- -
ROOMS TO LET- — Furn. and Unf urn.
GALT House, 12C6 Market— Fur. rooms. Mr. &
Mrs. J. F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 730— Sunny double front
room, single: $0; bath; private; German.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan), 24 Turk st.,
nr. Market— New building,- elegantly furn.;
Just opened; ''strictly first class and up-to-date
in all appointments; inspection Invited; must
be 6een to be appreciated; < 75c day and up;
j special rates by week or month; references.
HYDE. . 299— Lovely large corner suites and
single rooms; private bath. --.¦'-•
KEARNY, 34, and 47 Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable.
LARKIN. 707. nr. Ellis— Nicely furnished sunny
front room. $6; small flat; private family.
LARKIN. S16A— Nicely furnished rooms, reason-
able prices; private hoifte.
MARKET, 765— Nice sunny bay-window suite
of rooms; $4 per week.
MARKET, 1013 (New Arlington)— Nicely , fur-
nished rooms 12 a week up; 85c a day up.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
McAlZYsTER, 937— Nicely furnished suite of
rooms, including piano. ~
; MINNA, 667, - corner • Eighth— Newly furnished
bay- window room; Jl per week; transient.
M'CLKLLAND, 200 Turk St.— Sunny furnished'
Flnele and double rooms: also transient.
METROPOLE. 6 Turk, cor. Market— Elegantly
• furnished sunny rooms; 50c to J3 per day. .
MOST delightful furnished apartments In San
Francisco; new six-story stone building; elec-
tric elevator; every convenience. \Hotel Gray-
etone. 66 Geary st. ; steam heated. . . \
O'FARRELL.. 20 — Sunny furnished ' rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day. week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 317— Changed hands; sunny fur-
nished rooms and suites; reasonable. - • ; . ¦
PLEASANT rooms and good board; two In
room, $}. 610 Twelfth St., Oakland. j
POLK, 1339— Largest, sunniest room for the !
money In the city; private. ,
ROSEDALE House. 3J9-321 Ellis st.— Rooms
night. 25c to tl; week. Jl 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nlpht, 35c to SI 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. $8 to T30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths..
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 409 — Sunny furnished rooms; sin-
gle or en suite; from $1 UDWard. :».*.;
STOCKTON. 332-The Ottington-Few choice
suites and several small rooms; ohoaD. .
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en .suite; beautiful grounds.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia nt.
ROOMS AM) 1IOAKD. .
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service; popular rates. 807 California st.
THE Roanoke. 808 Bush — New house: newly
furnished; suites with bath: perfect Illumina-
tion; private dining apartment; elevator ser-
vice; cars to all parts of city within stone's
throw of door.
BERTLING. 736 Bush — Elegant sunny suites:
also single rooms; billiards for amusement of
guests; superior table; terms reasonable. ,
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite and single,
with board.
PINE. 1006 (The • Victor)— New management:
thoroughly renov.; sunny suites, with board.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
ALMORA Hotel. Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
, gantly furnished suites x>r single, with board.
HOTEL ReDelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furn.;
excellent table: special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suites. 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
ROOM and board for work while studying by
willing young man (25) ; has Al refs.X Box
8577. Call office. \
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery Ft., rooms 9-19; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
I STORAGE AXD- AVAREHOCSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH~^to7a^T^nT^Jo^lng~Co7[
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 9411 F. W. ZEHFUSS. .
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St. ;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. .The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work Jn sights CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery: tel. Black 4885.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust;
all makes: used machines. $10 up. 209 Sanaome.
SUMMER RESORTS. ~~~
CAMP lots to sell or lease In Redwood range,
west of Gllroy; ocean views, flne scenery,
charming and healthful resorts; groves of
delightful shade; pure air and water. Ad-
drets box 232. Qllroy. Cal. ¦
_^ JJiyiPEXIJ NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, 532 Cali-
fornia st.. corner Webb— For the half year
ending with the 30th of June 19Q1, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate per annum
of three and 1 fcix-tenths (3 6-10) per cent on
term deposits and three (3) per cent on or-
dinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Monday. July 1," 1901.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier. .
THE GERMAN "SAVINGS AND LOAN SO-
clety, 526 California St.— For the half year
ending with June SO, 1901, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
eighth (3%) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Monday, July 1, 1901.
GEORGE TOURNY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 92 (20 cents
per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market St., on and after
Thursday, June 20, 1901. Transfer books
will close on Thursday. June 13, 1901, . at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
- PROPOSALS. ~~~
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of the Chief En-
gineer, - Division of the Philippines, Manila,
P. I.. March 1, 1901 — Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila, P. I., will
be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
ni., August 1, 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work'to be done Includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap, 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry in breakwaters, aoout 5,000,-
009 cubic yards of dredging and a pile bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredging In mud, sand
and shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
materials to be used for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
•hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) In gold.
One contract will be made for the whole
work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
of the amount bid. The rtght is reserved to
reject any or all bids./ For specifications and
blank forms apply to this offlcfe. • Bureau of
.Insular Affairs, Washington, D. C. ; Unite-i
States Engineer Offices at New York, Chi-
cago and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDLE,
Captain, Enelneers. . . ' ~ ,. .
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon,
July 9. 1901. and publicly opened immediate*
lv thereafter, to furnish at the Naval Sta>
tlon. Cavite, P. I., a quantity of lumber,
spars, mahogany, lignum vitae, and boat
knees. Blank proposals will be furnished
upon application to the bureau, to the Navy
Pay Office, San Francisco, Cal., or to the
Naval Station, Puget Sound, Wash. AS.
KENNY, Paymaster General, U. S..N. • 6-5-01.
MABRIAGE . LICENSES/V' : •
. , The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: g '¦....¦
Johannes E. Dreller.v 3S. 21H' Collingwood
street, and Mathilda Tufueson, 37. 317 Tenth
Cyrus J. Tlbbitts, El, Marshfleld, Or,, and
Mary E. . Rose. 45; Ashland, Or. ¦
Alexander Rose, 35, '1401 Fourteenth avenue
South San Francisco, and Effle V. McFadder,
28, 3202, Railroad 'avenue. ¦ ..
Edwin W. Stademuller, 21, .819 Eddy street
and Elisabeth B. Wade, 18, 1910 Scott street.
0 William E. Grant, 3l,;52l Jackson street, and
Katie Friel. 19, 2200 Harrison street.
Wilson W. Smith, ?2, 207 - Tehama street,
and Minnie R.. Ash, 29, 2134 Fifteenth street.
; Kichard J. Gamble. • 24, 1734 Sumner street,-
and Erma L. Recknagle, 2t, 243H Clara street;
, Martin -Fa rrell, 52. -.2 Eesjx place, and Brid-
get Lavln, 39, 24 Lapldge street. ¦ \ '•• <
William F. Felling, 23. 134 Scott street, and
Antoinette " M. M. .Frahanv 22, East ' Oakland.
John F. Hardee. 26. 208 • Harriet . street," and
Jlaigaret F. Foley. 21.' 934 Howard street. ~
.Henry L. Whlpple. 24. 534 Harrison street,
and Helen L. Free, j 19. 1346 Union street.
Augut-tus Massey, 21, 3138 Twentieth street,
aBr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAOTST. Established
In 18S4 for the treatment of J'rlvata
Dl.neases, Ix"t Manbood. . Debility or
dlspase wearlngon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cure3 when
others fall. Try him.; Charges low.
Cnrfi ynnranlrrd. ; Call or write.
Dr. J. _ . _I« _ O_. y&u rrancisco. CaL _
BAIL WAY TBAVEL.
private
gle. 14.JANITORS AND JANITRESSES
STRIVE TO CARRY OUT
SCHOOL, BOARD'S ORDER.
• VIETVS OF PASSION PLAT— Mrs. L. A.
Calhoun will present her famous views of the
passion play of Oberammergau at Golden
Gate Hall to-morrow night. "
• The talk about Senator Bard's Inclina
tion to recommend Albert Gerberding for
Postmaster of this city Is thought to be
mere conjecture. Colonel George Stone Is
not a candidate for the office. Mr. Kahn
understands that Senator Perkins Is ready
to recognize the right of Representatives
to name the Postmasters, but contends
that all the rest of the Federal patronage
belongs to the Senators.
Representative Eugene F. Loud's Fifth
District embraces, however, a consider
able area of San Francisco, but Mr. Kahn
figures that his colleague In the House haA
twenty or more good postofflce appoint
ments in Santa Clara and San Mateo
counties. Mr. Kahn does not apprehend
any objection from the Fifth District to
the recommendation in Mr. Montague's
favor.
Representative Julius Kahn of the
Fourth Congressional District has recom
•mended to the President the reappolnt
ment of W. "W. Montague, Postmaster of
San Francisco. Mr. Kahn maintains that
the office Is in his district and according
to established custom the patronage be
longs to the Representative in Congress
of the district, or in other words the Con
gressman has the right to name the Post
master. Of course if the Senator happens
to dwell in the city his wishes, according
to custom, must be considered. Senator
Perkins lives ln Oakland and Senator
Bard dwells in Ventura County. Hence
Julius Kahn is alone in his district glory.
Postmaster Montague.
Kahn Recommends Reappointment of
FEDERAL PATBONAGE.
It will seek to bring to the party's support
all who are interested in good government and
will endeavor to arouse in all good citizens,
irrespective of party, a wtlllnsmess to partici
pate ln the city's political affairs.
The Republican Primary League was formed
for these purposes and expects thereby to re
establish the prestige of the Republican party
in this city. The originators of the movement
have pledsreil themselves bo to extend and de
velop it that all who are members of ! the
party, and who so desire, may connect
themselves with it. It is in no way ex
clusive, and is subject to the absolute control
of its members. Every movement requires in
dividuals to initiate it, and all possible ob
jections to its form may be answered by the
statement tha: its membership is open to any
citizen who Is a member of the Republican
party, and th-a majority of Its members will
rule. . . .-' ; . • .
The Republican Primary League welcomes
the opposition cf the bosses, and views with
satisfaction the prospective end of their cor
rupt political control,- which will be accom
plished through this organization and. others
of similar character seeking the same result.
The Republican Primary League freely Invites
all Republicans in sympathy with the fore
going declarations to .join the league and to
assist in secunng the desired results.
The commodious headquarters of the league
at 920 Market street Is now open daily, and
all Republicans are cordially invited to visit
the same at their pleasure.
fairs of Republicans who have heretofore lost
heart and faith in their party organization.
The Santa Fe is now carrying, passen
gers via rnew stage line from Merced,
starting Mondays and Thursdays, '.» a. m.,
on California limited, other days 7:20
a. m. train, and you are at the Sentinel Ho
tel next afternoon, passing Merced 'Big
Trees, Buena Vista, the Cascades and
Bridal Veil Falls en route. •
Ask, about it at 641 Market street. ¦ ;•-'"
Y osemite Valley via Santa Fe.
The case of Mrs. Cordelia Botkln,
charged with the murder of Mrs. Dunning
and: Mrs. Deane of Dover, Del., by send
ing- them poisoned candy, was called in
Judge Cook's court yesterday to be, set.
Judge Burnett was on the bench. The de
fendant , was accompanied ; by her sister
and looked in pood health and spirits. On
motion of her attorney, George A. Knight,
the matter was continued till June 25. By
that time Judge Cook will have returned
from Santa Rosa. ! .
The,defendant left'the courtroom, but
returned .with her attorney, who asked
the Judge for permission to. allow. her to
visit a dentist; as she was suffering from
a .decayed tooth. The « Judge gave the
necessary permission and a deputy sher
iff was sent with her. v
She Receives Permission From Judge
> Burnett to Visit V a Dentist's "
Office. 1 r
SETTTK-Q OF MBS. BOTKIN'S
TRIAL AGAIN : CONTINUED
By order of Captain Seymour, ¦ H. C.
Crosby and A. H. Barton, two of the
Eastern sharpers who tried to swindle lo
cal stock* brokers by means of .worthless
mining stock, were released from custody
yesterday, as the District Attorney decid
ed that no charge could 'be ." sustained
against them. Charles Gordon, alias C. S.
Stickney., alias Rodgers, alias Fegenbush,
the leader of the gang, had a charge of
obtaining money by false /pretenses
booked against him for getting from Paul
R. Lewis, stock broker, $10 on the repre
sentation that he was his cousin from
Denver. Captain Seymour has received
no reply from Chicago as to Fegenbush,
who "jumped" his bonds there.
Stock Bunko Men Discharged.
out of the volunteer .service yesterday at
the Presidio. The men were a saving lot,
many of them receiving as much as $400
as discharge money.
The usual number of ' "grafters" sought
admission to the reservation, hoping to
get a chance at the soldiers' pay before
they had a chance to send It away. They
were prevented, however, from doing any
illegal .traffic by Provost Sergeant Davis
and a mounted patrol. Several arrests
were made by Sergeant Davis and his
men early In the day. This had the ef
fect of scaring the fakers and resulted in
the saving of many dollars to the blue
coats.
A' civilian dressed in soldiers' uniform
was caught soliciting for Pension Agent
Howe by Sergeant Davis. He will be,
turned over to . the police by Colonel
Rawles and prosecuted.
The Fortieth Infastry, which arrived on
the Pennsylvania, was landed, at the
Presidio wharf from the steamers Mc-
Dowell and Resolute yesterday forenoon.
The regiment was assigned ' quarters in
Model Camp, where it will remain until
Colonel' Jocelyn and his force of clerks
prepare its finals.
THIBT Y-FIRST REQUCEUT
MUSTERED OUT OF SERVICE
Usual Number of "Fakers" Attempt
to Deal "With Soldiers, but Are
Prevented.
The Thirty-first infantry was mustered
This evening the members of the Grand
Circle will attend the reception in Odd
Fellows' Hall.
The grand body accepted a set of by
laws and to-day will adopt a constitution.
The election for grand officers for the
ensuing term will be held this morning.
The reports presented show that there
are at this time ten circles in the State,
four having been instituted during the last
six months. These have an aggregate
membership of 600. The new circles were
instituted in this city, Colma, Stockton
and Los Angeles. - .
The Grand Circle of the Druidesses, the
ladies' branch of the United Ancient Or
der of Druids,, which was instituted last
December, held its first grand session yes
terday. Mrs. A. Thornhill, grand arch
Druidess, presided.
Druidess Grand Circle.
the grand officers and representatives in
Odd Fellows' Hall. This will be followed
by a ball.
It Is expected there will be 150 people
in the excursion, but ¦• that ' number will
Include the wives and 1 daughters of the
editors. Probably not more than fifty or
sixty newspaper men will be in the party.
The Press Club has not yet been official
ly notified of the coming of the Southern
editors and .the, directors have taken no
formal action in regard to entertainment
of the visitors. However, the members
of the Alabama association will be given
the freedom of the Press Club quarters,
and in addition some form of special en
tertainment will be arranged for them. A
jinks will probably be given in honor of
the visitors, and I trip to Mount Tamal
pals has been suggested.
In view of the possibilities of good accru
ing to San Francisco from the good will
and free, advertising which the Southern
editors are likely to give the city and the
State, it has been suggested that the com
mercial bodies cf San Francisco take the
matter in hand and assist in extending
hospitality to the visitors, so that they
may return to Alabama feeling they were
in reality San Francisco'^ guests.
The Call has extended an invitation to
the editors to be Its- guests for an outing
on the bay on one day of their visit in
San Francisco, and the invitation has been
accepted on behalf of the association by
its secretary, J. Asa Rountree, editor of
the Dixie Manufacturer, of Birmingham.
After leaving San Francisco the Ala
bama editors will visit San Jose, Monte
rey, Santa Barbara : and Los Angeles.
They will spend' fifteen days on their trip
to the coast, traveling 6000 miles.
The. members of the, Alabama Press As
sociation are coming to California imme
diately after their annual < meeting at
Montgomery. They will" arrive ,in San
Francisco next Wednesday, the 26th, and
will spend that day, Thursday and Friday
here, leaving Friday night for San Jose.
Visitors Will Spend
Three Days in San
Francisco.
EDITORS COMING
FROM ALABAMA
the new union as soon as It is formed
and If not adjusted may result ln a strikt
»t~%.%^--..T..T..VT~T..?..T..T..T..T~t. .T..I»T..I..T..I»T»I»1-
Th*r» is only one reason why you shouldn't
drink Jew* Moore "AA" "Whiskey— That's be
cause you hare signed the pledge. ••
Dr. de Costa's Final Lecture.
I>r. B. F. de Costa, will deliver the last
of his lectures to-night at Metropolitan
Hall. The meeting will be presided over
by the Rev. Thomas P. McLoughlin of
New York.
Customs Surveyor Spear has reported
the discovery to Collector Stratton. An
investigation will b« set on foot at once
to discover the .extent of the operations
of the gamg.
The trap door made it easy for the
members of the ring in Victoria to con
ceal opium in the sealed place and land it
in San Francisco.
examining the vessel for smuggled goods
Mr. Peppin found under the main stair
way leading to the steerage a trap door
locked with a padlock. This trap when
opened afforded ingress to the compart
ment -where the baggage was sealed by
customs officers at Seattle. From. Seattle
the vessel goes to Victoria, thence comes
to this city.
A clever trick of the opium smuggling
ring of Seattle, Victoria and San Fran
cisco was discovered yesterday morning
on board the steamship Umatilla by Cus
toms Insj?eetor J. B. Peppin Jr. While
tozns Inspector on Board the
Steamer TJmatilla.
OPTTJM SMUGGI-EBS
USE A TRAP DOOR
Startling'. Discovery Made by a Cus-
LEAGUE NAMES
ITS ADVISERS
Leading;. Republicans to
Assist | in Reform
.;¦ .,'¦;,;¦. >,;-', ;:Work.,;: ; ¦;,¦;. .
Measures .to Awaken Public
; Interest in \ Coming Pri
..- - mary Election.
The Primary League, T. P.
Woodward, president,' met at headquar
ters, 930. Market street, last evening and
announced the appointment of an advisory
committee composed of the following citi
zens: :
Louis Sloss. "W. H. L.. Barnes, I. W. Hell
man Jr., R. H. Lloyd, Marlon Leventrltt, John
L. Koster. Phil N. Lllienthal, Vanderlynn Stow,
Ereile Bauer, Al Gerberding, Warren Dutton,
II. P. Sonntag, George K.' Fitch, H. N. Cle
ment, Bert' H. Hecht, James McNab, S. C.
Denson. P. C. Rossi, R. H. • Warfleld, George
Lowenberg, Ernest H. Llllenthal, Van R.' Pat
erson, J. Levi Jr., E. W. McCarthy,- W. H.
Crocker, Wendell Easton, J. B. Stetson, G. H.
Umbsen, H. D. Loveland, George W. Kings
bury, Thomas E. Bannerman, J. S. Young.
A. C. Rulof son, J. D. ¦ Grant. J. D. Slebe, J.
K. Wilson; E. J. Baldwin, W. G. " Stafford,
George B. WellB, Mark Sheldon, Charles Bund
schu, • -\V. -E.. Dlxev, J. G. Conrad, John
H. Hillman. "W. F. McNutt. J. E. Doo
little Edward Pollitz. I. J. Truman. Wil
liam M. Abbott, Robert Weineke, C. C. Burr,
Wakefield Baker, J. Eppinger, Max Brooks,
George A, Moore, T. W. Collins, C. B. Rode,
Frank J. Symmes.
In shaping and directing the affairs of
the organization the .directors -of the
league will be guided largely by the in
telligent Judgment of the men comprising
the advisory committee. Several letters
were received from well-known - citizens
who could not serve, aa advisors, but the
letters of declination commended the pur
poses of the league and pledged active
support in the good, work. ¦
The ¦ main purpose of the organization
is to awaken in the minds of the citizens
of San Francisco a sense, of the import
ance of the primary election. This is re
garded as the first step to the end of at
taining: «ood local government. The law
governing the primary election gives, the
voter assurance that his vote will be
counted in favor of the delegates voted
for. If the workingmen, business men
and taxpayers generally will go to* the
polls and vote delegates representing their
sentiments will be elected to the munici
pal nominating convention. If good citi
zens remain indifferent and apathetic the
political bosses will combine and seize
the conventions. The directors of the
Primary League reiterate the declaration
contained in the original articles that the
organization has no candidates to favor.
At a meeting of the league last evening
the following statement was indorsed: ¦
Sets Forth. Its Objects.
' The Republican Primary League presents to
the members of the Republican party and- to
the - citizens of San Francisco generally, the
objects and necessity of Its organization.
Disunion has for some time existed in the
Republican party. here, the first and primary
cause of' which has been that the local ma
chinery of the party has at times been under
the control of selfish and corrupt men who
are Republicans only in name, who foeter every
political vice, are ignorant of every civic vlr
ture. and glory in political evil doing, using
their followers with either party as may best
subserve their selfish and corrupt ends.
Real Republicans have time and again revolt
ed against these vicious tricksters, but after a
brief interval the same men, making a busi
ness of politics, having no legitimate occu
pation and handling the venial and plastic ma
terial at their hands, have again seized control.
Tired of the struggle, many of the leaders of
the better elements of the party have joined
independent political movements as a remedy.
The vital weakness of all prior movements
for a better administration of political affairs
resulted from the fact that there was no
permanent bond of union between the reform
leaders. The corrupt and tricky bosses were
thus able to place their followers within the
lines of the reform movements, disintegrating
them, or by united effort on their own part and
apathy on the part of their opponent were able
to steal away results and party organization.
The » Republican Primary League has been
formed to prevent this old device of the bosses,
and to unite all Republicans in one harmonious
body. This organization is to be developed so
that all citizens desirous of promoting a move
ment of local party affairs and a good munici
pal government shall have a voice in Its con
trol. Its plan of organization is similar to
that adopted by the best social and fraternal
organizations of our city. A second reason and
necessity for the existence of the Republican
Primary League is that the enactment of the
new primary law by the last Legislature of
the State involves the development of a new
system of party machinery in which every
member may participate under every safeguard
and sanction of the law.
Many of the inauguratora of this movement
were instrumental In securing the enactment
of this important a%d beneficial legislation, • as
a means to secure free and independent political
action, and the organization is pledged to it%
maintenance. ...
Old System of Control Is Dead.
¦ The old system of control of "the party
through the county committees system, always
under "boss control;" is now ' fortunately dead,
and the power of such committees is practical
ly destroyed. Through the agency of the pri
mary law this new organization hopes . to de
velop a system of politics which will enable a
party member to interest himself- ln 'local ¦ af
fairs with personal security and decency and
with the knowledge that his vote will be
honestly counted. '
This movement was not inaugurated to fur
ther the interest of any man. It has no can
didates, nor will it oppose the political am
bitions of any fit man. Whatever influences
it may exert will be fairly, honestly and openly
used for the best interests of the party, our
city and its citizens.. It has no intention to
extend its sphere of action beyond the limit
of the municipality, and will not seek to in
terfere with the regular State or national or
ganizations, of the party, nor to defeat or de
stroy the political action of any individuals ln
their district organizations/but It will en
deavor to use' Its influence for the purpose of
strengthening all district organizations which
have in view the purposes and objects for
which this league is instituted. If possible,
it will adjust and end much of the strife here
tofore considered necessary in political affairs,
and its success depends, of course, largely upon
the good faith I of the originators of move
ment, and they pledge themselves openly to
further !n every honorable way the best in
terests of the party and of our municipal gov
ernment, and to secure and maintain a cleanly
party administration and a strong,' clean and
honest municipal government. ¦
It may not be generally recalled that it was
at a Republican municipal convention that the
"dollar limit" plan of taxation originated,
which for over twenty years has been the
safeguard of municipal finance. ' In those days
gentlemen of standing did: not hesitate to con
nect themselves with the party in -municipal
affairs, and a Board of Supervisors nominated
by a Republican convention was elected which
actually conducted the local government hon
estly and . went out of office ¦ having a surplus
of half a million dollars unexpended and carry-
Ins with it the good will and esteem of all its
fellow citizens.;
V Aims to Advance Party.
This organization frankly, states that its ob
jects are to advance the political interests of
the Republican party, and ..to assist in obtain
ing a sound and safe and honest ' municipal
administration, and that it proposes to secure
these results by the most honorable, open and
free : methods. , i ' ¦ f
It-will belts <ttjeec.vor to enlist all Republi
cans ln a united and harmonious political or
ganization and to secure the i eympathetlc in
terest and friendly concurrence in political af
i j. a • > ¦¦¦¦-•.. -'- • - » - .
The election for grand officers will be
hHd to-morrow morning.
To-nicht there will be a reception to
Last night there was a meeting of Hart
nagle Chapter, the highest branch of the
order, when twenty members of the Grand
Grove were initiated.. ...
The appeals of A. Aranzino against
Alpini Grove and A. Cardoza against Hes
perian Grove in relation to sick benefits
that were denied were decided in favor of
the groves, the ruling in each case being
that to obtain such benefits members
must ¦comply with the law.
The past noble grand arches were ap
pointod a committee on honored dead.
Supreme representative Martinoni read
a carefully prepared -and Interesting re
port of tho doings of the Supreme Grove
at its last held session. • .
The thirty-seventh annual session of
the Grand Grove, United Ancient Order
of Druids,- of California, was opened in
the Sutter-street Druids' Temple yester
day morning by Noble Grand Arch Henry
Lange of St. Helena.
There were present .fifteen grand offi
cers, ten past noble grand arches and rep
resentatives, from sixty-one groves. The
Grand Grove degree was conferred upon
more than "100 past arches who were en
titled to receive the same.
The reports of the grand officers were
presented and referred to appropriate
committees. . ' ¦
That of the noble grand arch gives a
full and detailed account of the official
work to be performed during his term.
He reports having visited a large number
of groves in all parts of the State and
some in Oregon. He returns special thanks
to the San Francisco Call for publishing
reports of the proceedings of the Druids,
pays a compliment to the Druids' Maga
zine and thanks the press generally tor
its work in behalf of the order. He rec
ommends the establishment of past
arches' associations, similar to the one or
ganized in this city, in all parts of the
State, wherever practicable; the payment
of $10 a quarter for a nurse for Mrs. Seig.
the ward of the order, who is now 88 years
of age, blind and quite helpless;- that
groves that do not meet weekly meet not
less than twice a month, and that a com
mittee be appointed to consider the offer
of Dr. C. C. O'Donnell to donate fifteen
acres of land ln Glen Ellen on which to
build a Druidic home. He commends the
district deputies,- Grand Secretary Graves
and Deputy Grand Arch Jules S. Godeau,
for their assistance.
The report of the grand secretary shows
eighty-six vgroves, with a total member
ship of 5931, the order having made a net
gain of 870 during the term. Eight new
groves were instituted and one suspended
during that period.
The Grand Grove granted charters to
new groves instituted in Centerville, Lo
tela, Freeport, Sutter Creek. Newman,
San Francisco, Hollister and Gilroy.
Henry Lange. James F. Martinoni, C. A.
Jacobson and Henry Menke were appoint
ed a committee to consider the proposition
for a Druidic home.
California Grand Grove
He^xs Reports of Its
Officers.
DRUIDS MEET
FOR BUSINESS
ECONOMY should be practiced at
all times possible," said School
Director Denman to Director
Kincald, while the two were on
a visit to a Bernal Heights school
building a few days ago, their object be
ing to inspect the work of the janitor in
cleaning stovepipes in accordance with
the newly adopted rules of the Board of
Education.
Director Denman made the remark upon
spying a crayon at the foot of one of the
blackboards. He put it into his pocket
and later, with a whole boxful of various
sizes gathered in different schools visited
during the day, turned it over to the
storekeeper at the City Hall.
"Some child might find these," he re
marked as he laid down his =burden, "and
we cannot afford to waste our surplus in
this way. Chalk costs the city nearly 7
cents a box."
Every female janitor is up in arms
against the new rules. Imagine a woman
climbing the dizzy heights of a steplad
der, pulling out a section of stovepipe and
dumping the soot accidentally into the
water with which the paint is to be wash
ed. It is against this stovepipe proposi
tion that the janitresses most rebel. Some
of those who have had troubles in the
schools under their charge have seriously
thought of organizing the Janitress'
Anti-Stovepipe Cleaning Union.
Now there is another proposition in the
rules that the janitors do not clearly un
derstand. It is an order to "turn off the
water during vacation, to thoroughly
scrub and wash all the floors of the halls
and schoolrooms, to wash the painted
woodwork throughout the building and to
water lawns and flowers."
How to perform all these functions
without water, especially as the first In
junction is "to turn off the water," is one
of the most potent problems the janitors
have to solve. The matter will probably
be referred to the executive committee of
Other grievances that the janitors have
against the new rules are so numerous
that a volume might be written about
them. The interior condition of the school
buildings is sufficient to prove that as an
economical measure the amateur cleans
ing of stovepipes, walls and floors and the
sprinkling of lawns with the water turned
off is not what the projectors expected.
Every school janitor rises in loud ac
claim against the new rules, for not alone
are they deprived of their vacations but
they have to pay tinsmiths out of their
pockets to replace the stovepipes and men
to put up the wires that support the
pipes. Several janitors have been sus
pended for leaving their schools during
the hours appointed. In one case, the
j&nitress of the Bernal Heights School
left the building to attend to a sick child.
She was absent fifteen minutes and when
she returned found a portion of the board
present. She was suspended, but will
probably be restored to duty at the next
meeting. of the Directors.
Director Casserly is taking an active in
terest in the investigations. Some one has
said that he was the instigator of the
clause regarding the dusting of ceilings
and walls on account of his height and
ability for long reaching, but. this he de
nies. Nevertheless he is greatly interest
ed in the success of th& "diluted acid"
furnished by the storeroom for the re
moval of ink stains.
"I would like to know," said the female
Janitor of one of the large schools, as she
attempted to gracefully descend from a
high ladder, daubing the wall with one
hand, sooty from the section of stovepipe
she had just removed, and holding her
skirts ln the other, "how we women are
going to put these things together again?"
Then a tinsmith was called and the jan
itress paid him out of her own pocket.
An ingenious janitor at > one of the large
•schools which boasts a lawn thought he
had solved the problem of "turning off
fthe water" and "watering the lawns and
flowers." He purchased a new : green
sprinkling pot and, being a "good boy"
with the groceryman on the opposite cor
ner, filled the can from, the grocer's horse
trough. But when the grocer's water bill
came in the janitor was assessed nearly
half of his June salary. He takes water
no longer.
Mrs. Flora M. Holfien obtained a divorce
and a fortune from Edward S. Holden
yesterday in Judge Troutt's court. In 1897
Holflen accumulated a few hundred dol
lars and ln company with a woman other
than his wife went to Dawson City. A
few months ago Mrs. Holden filed suit
for divorce, charging Holden with infi
delity and desertion. Virgil Moore, Hol
den's partner In the Klondike venture, ar
rived in the city a few weeks aeo. He
was subpenaed as a witness on behalf of
the plaintiff.
Moore testified that Holden was living
openly and notoriously with a woman in
the Klondike. He was possessed of prop
erty valued at $200,000. He stated further
the yield from the property last year was
$104,000. Mrs. Holden corroborated Moore's
statement and Judge Troutt granted a de
cree as prayed. Under the terms of the
decree Mrs. Holden Is given judfement for
alimony in the sum of $100 a month and
one-half of the community property. Mrs.
Holden will forthwith take steps to en
force the decree and gain possession of
one-half of her former husband's interest
in the Dawson mines.
Mr. and Mrs. Holden were married Au
gust 26, 1S90, They formerly lived in Santa
Rosa. •
The action for divorce instituted by Jud
eon J. Traver against Laura Traver was
on hearing before Judge Troutt yester
day. Traver testified that his wife horse
whipped him on various occasions and
otherwise destroyed his happiness. The
case will be concluded to-day.
Decrees of divorce were granted yes
terday to Grace H. Powell from Clay H.
Powell for desertion, James H. Kendall
from Margaret V. Kendall for cruelty,
Edward C. Beebe from Alice J. Beebe for
desertion, Agnes Binney from- Frank A.
Binney for failure to provide and Clara S.
Short from W. Short for desertion.
Suits for divorce on the ground of de
sertion were filed yesterday by Henry S.
Bojanowski against Felecia Bojanowski,
Hattie Downs against George C. Downs,
John Watrin against Helen Watrin and
Emily M. Egry against Paul Egry.
Flora M. Holden Is Freed
From Unfaithful
T_Ji i caV\ o ti r\
* ' LIO t tn,\ ill-
Court Awards Her Holf In
• terest in His Klondike
Mines.
WINS FORTUNE
WITH DIVORCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 19. 1901.
How to Shut Off the Water Yet Sprinkle the Lawn; Scrub Floors and
Wash Down the Paint, and at the Same Time Gracefully Accept
Loss of . Vacation, Causes Great Worry— Several -Suspended
SCHOOL JANITORS HAVE DIFFICULTY
ATTEMPTING TO CLEAN STOVEPIPES
12
..OR.
- * ' *
.On Monflarj, June 17tH, and continuing
all this month, we will -.offer an
elegant assortment of LADIES'iFINE
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR, consisting
of Gowns, Corset Covers, Drawers,
. Chemises and Skirts. ;
These garments are Yeru handsomelD trimmed
with Embroideru and Lace, of the ,veru latest
patterns, are made, from the hest dualities of
Muslin,. Cambric and Nainsook, and will la
sold at veru low prices,
EXTRA SPECIAL! ~~
100 dozen LADIES' FINE SWISS EM-
BROIDERED BAND COLLARS. 75 different
Datterns - 4 fOP 25C_
Former Price 15c Each.
9 ¦ ¦ ¦ .*
111, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
DR.
Whittingt oil's
CONSUMPTION
CURE,
AS UNFAILING REMEDY—
RELIEF and IMPROVEMENT
'n all cas»s. A CERTAIN CURE
*T the early stages of CON-
, : WPTION. ONE MONTH'S
*20. Address
THE WHITTINGTON COMPAHY,
ITU. WHITTINOTOK. K D . Kt&ager.
*~ "— f *lif«rr>U
F.ATMEXT — including a cape
•ir 32-ounce bottles of medi-
advertisements:
: wlcarancs bale!
(MiWMS^k Special Bargains
.^^^^« !n P Every Department. \
MfMlif X^S^^S r, Han dsome Bedroom Suits— Brass
»H >Jil$ii§itfM Beds < Separate Bureaus. Chiffoniers.
IPJPfigJ ..Ap^gm^ Fancy Rockers. Folding Beds and
j/fl^X27f S T/"'-=S. ¦^ aaco J^tjj£S^^- other household goods which you
hi I /£ ' ""-So-jijisk^-isp*^*^^ can secure at prices never before of-
~«§^^±- Don't Miss This Opportunity.' : •
..-Special Discounts 'from io to 40 per cent' for cash.
JHE MONEY-SAVING FURNITURE AND CARPET HOUSE.
i'-t^if- ''- ¦. : '¦¦ -. ¦' ' Cash or Credit.
*Fhon© Ho-ward 1021.
KH }S33 £\ W9 Qk r r^rf X& wnU^
Ess RSf *• Id Ha 1 I w389^ H
119 TAYLOR STRET.
INTERESTING PRICES.
PROMPT SERVICE.
AX.L THE BEST SOUPS. 3 TINS 25c-
nnyil Baklngr Powder; pound or A
nUTAL r cnoice -of * -ieadin^OC
brands. Usually 45c. Thursday only.
WINDOW CLEANING BAGS IOC
IJUpil-A^y brand; 4 for ft Cjfc
mUjn Made from best wheat. /hC
" IUU " Cooks in five minutes. LOl >
2-IT>. pkgs. Golden West, Challenge or
Tuco.
LIBBT'S PIGS FEET, TIX 10c
DIUCADDI C Singapore: 2-lb tin. |r«
PINEAPPLE js- %~-sg;i5C
grown. $1.73 dozen. . V?
HOLLAND GIN, QT. BOTTLE 60c '
L*IP DHDO Fancy Cakes; 2 lbs.. f»c_
Mb nAno Freshest and fcest/nn
CHAMPION CRACKERS. POUND 8c
iri I ICO Mrs. Facer's home- lf|«
JELLIES sfSftEssi- IOC
kitchen. Choicest fruits and berries now
being put up. Thirty varieties.
SWEET PICKLES, BOTTLE 15c.
BUTTER S-reT.^! 3 ;... 1 .^! 29c
uu i iuii QuaIIty of butter reason «•
enough for amount we sell.
DEVILED HAM, 6 TINS 25 C
JESSE MOORE A. A.
Crow. O. P. S. Whisky. Nif room fo?
arerument; all genuine. Usaal drusTn*
store price $1.25. Our price, quart /(jQ
BEST NEW COMB HONEY "lziic
SAND SOAP f^~25c
. House cleaning a ** ww
pleasure. Regular 6 bars. .
MASON JARS— WATCH OUR PRICES.
SALE ENDS JUNE 22 AT 11 P. M.
SbL BbBi imcii H t3
H B H P3 TZZFl SS BBS R R 0lH
63 ts Jn 9m &3&I !« Hgg v B Cf&ga
Srv JB Eg HB £9 BSM n 1^9 S
BaiijuiWjiJotii]?T^-m»ii miHLIm.-Ve jbm
DR.MCNULTY.
THWytLL-KNOTy:* AND RELIABLE OLD
.L Rpeciallstc«r«Blood Poison, Gonorrhasa.Glee:,
' tiJk. tn ,5' t s ? ml "*» Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Dlwirtlers. nook on Diseases of Men. fr<»«L
?. v » £ 20 .y ear *>*Per l eiice.Ti>rnM reasonable. Hoar*.
0to3daUy;6:30to3.30ev I g.^Sand.av«,l0tol2.O>nsnl.
tation ireeandsacredly confidential. Can oraddreu
P. RO8COE McXULTY. JI.D.
SOjj Kearny St.. San Francisco. CaJ-
DR. ISO TO'V KER,
»* -'> >< 21 ° STOCKTON ST..
£• \ San Francisco, Cal.
K. 1 Has recently established
gg #»v B the Tea and Herb Sanlta-
p^ W rlum ln t* 18 dty. All man-
Vjr if ner of diseases, both exter-
:,- '" : oE3r A*f • nal and Internal, and a»
¦ WL^V * ¦ manner of local diseases ar#
J*$TL<eX^ ' skillfully treated without
J&&' ~V*iSS^ Performing any kind of
&&& Vvi«K7iy operation whate\-er.
° fflce hours— 10-12 a. m..
* v ''WJe%p£f&* 2-a p. m.. 7-9 p. m dally
' ,' ¦ . Tel. Red 1806.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
Kearny and washinotox sts.— rb-
" modeled and renovated. KINO WARD A
CO.. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day:
$5 to $8 week: $8 to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flr» cratos la «v«ry
room; elevator runs all night.
a IP
FEW.l Vf
DAYS I A
; fine Shoes
made in DARK
TAN LACE, all
leather or cloth
tops, wide round
_^ toes and toe
£ft RtJ yy^\ caps, and sewed
T| l v/%?I soles. Sizes 5
¦• ' jy,^ML *o II. Widths,
D0' r f'/////'M&i. D to B< Reduced
0 i^mJ^*»«n for , one week
ijSMKLi^lJ on!y,frcm$2.50
P«ffigp^gSEgy to $1.65 a pair.
IfSSjai a| fine patent
JJ»tJ*WJ) OXFORD TIES,
y&B&iaB// with perforated
fft&fSf &£// circular vamps
\Wf*SJB^r and eyelet stay,
iJBfgS^ straight patent leather
K**X^ tips, heavy ed&e hand-
turned so es, coin toes
. and leather opera
heels. 61zes 3 to 7*; widths, A to
b; reduced to $1.45 a pair.
| 6EJVD FOR CATALOGUE.
B.Kat5cl?insKl
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
!0 Third St. 3anFranci5co
ADVERTISEMENTS.