VOLUME LXX^rS-NO. 169.
WIFE OF THE PRESIDENT SLOWLY GROWS STRONGER
AND THE ANXIETY OF THE NATION IS RELIEVED BY HOPES
HELD OUT OF THE ULTIMATE RECOVERY OF THE PATIENT
gines of war for the country. 1. • V'
The President was in good spirits and talked of old friends and recounted .'-many incidents of his career while he was in Congress.
The President said the reports of physicians as to the improvement in^ his wife's condition have given him conside hope for her recovery.
At an early hour this morning it was learned at the Scott residence that Mrs. McKinley was resting comfortably and that her strength is increasing.
also that he is not as anxious to be present at the launching of the battleship as he ? is tojmeet the workmen who have built so many powerful en-
PRESIDENT McKINLEY was seen Just before midnight by an intimate friend and said tHatyMrs. McKinley had suffered no relapse from the improve
ment secured in her condition the night before. The President acted and fri a must cheerf ul~manTier"and said that he will attend the
launching of the battleship Ohio to-day at the Union Iron Works if the improvement in^hiswife's health ismaintained, The Chief Executive said
MRS. McKINLEY GONTINUES TO IMPROVE ||1O F>Rp^II>ENT HOPES FOR RECOVERY.
: .' ¦ .. • .-. ¦ . * : •¦%.-"'¦ .¦¦¦¦* ¦-¦- -¦ -¦-¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .¦ ¦ - ..~ ¦•¦.'. - ••. . . • .¦ ..-.¦- —¦¦.•.-..-¦.-¦ ¦ • . . -
PRESIDENT McKINLEY GOES FOR
.Continued on Sacond. Pago*
might spare to him for many years the
gentle lady he. calls wife.
.
IMPROVEMENT IS
MARKED ALL DAY
Mrs. McKinley Gains Strength
and President Hopes for.
Her Recovery. ' ' ' '
- From early morn till late * at .night
hundreds of men, women 'and. children
gathered yesterday in the park facing
the house where President McKinlev
watched by the " side "of~his -stricken
wife. - . .
During the hours preceding the' dawn
groups of men and a' few women 'kept
vigil' with the detective and police
guards and newspaper, representatives in ]
front of the Scott 'residence.
.. The morning , was a bitter, one, and ¦
dense: masses ¦ of wet fog hung over the
vicinity like a gray pall; No word came ]
from the ; house where the head of ; the ;
nation devotedly waited for. the issue of \
the battle between life and death. Only \
the glimmer of the light from the sick- j
room told 7- of, the momentous vigil •
within -the house.- k
The heavy fog was dispelled, by the I
rising sun, and there every indica- :
tiori'Of a warm, clear day. -For, the first ¦
time since .the President's .wife was ;
brought' to- San Francisco the; sky: was-
cloudless, _and': the ; bright weather
seemed to give £ promise '» of cheering
news from the temporary -home of 7 the
nation's head. . ; : ;..'..
At 8 a. m.; Henry T. : Scott came from
the ¦• house and .informed : those , waiting
that ¦ Mrsi McKinley .had passed a
fortable ' night .¦ and : had just \ awakened:
It was learned that ;the!patient had asked
for a cup of coffee. and that she : seemed
stronger than on, theipreceding'day. ¦ .:-_
PRESIDENT TAKES r
* DRIVE
. Before-9;i"m. : Drs:- : Hirschfelder,and
Gibb^ns"Vc^led';atithe;^ house 1';; and ; re
mained » there for ; some 'hours. - A~> con-
sultation was: held with Drr-Rixey arid
albulletin : was > issued by Secretary \ Cor
telyou telling of a marked improvement
in Mrs. ; McKinley,' s condition..
' Theimprbvement was so, marked that
the ; physicians decided 'that • they would
not : hold- another consultation ; until the
evening. ••The ; cheering news. lifted .a
weight v from^ the* h'earts ; andrmirids .'."• of
those within and- without the house/ • An
air. of gladness pervaded the atmosphere
and jthe police guards allowed; the chil- 1
dfen ' to 'romp* in" th"e "park, though at a
considerable': distance ;from" the^house.~
• / When i the '¦> physicians . left . the 7 house
tney'were smiling/and this 'was taken as
a'gooi^bmcnijv As; on; the ; previous day,
none /were- allowed*-- to '. approach* the
residence, and all travel- was diverted
from the entire surrounding block. The
crowd-of .people assembled in the park
were kept a good distance away from
Laguna' street/arid only newspaper rep
resentatives had access to the street
facing the Scott house. -. ',
;, Shortly ; before .'noon " the . President
was induced by his friends to- go i for a
drive.,. It was j learned- that -Mrs. Mc-
Kinley was resting comfortably and had
taken some! chicken : broth : during • the
morning.
'Chief of Police Sullivan was requested
by the' President" to dispense "¦ with the
mounted escort during the driven so that
.Continued on Second Page. .
During the morning and afternoon a
number of distinguished persons called
at the house. Some were received by
the President, while others were re
ceived by Secretary Cortelyou. General
Shafter and Secretaries Hay. Hitchcock
Wilson, Long and Postmaster Genera!
Smith were closeted with the President
in the afternoon, and their faces bore a
cheerful look when they left the house*
Many, of the foreign Consuls left mes
sages at the residence during the" day.
each conveying sympathy to the Presi
dent. . ¦ % . ,'ivf '
- Secretary Cortelyou went for a short
walk in the morning and took a- car
riage drive in the afternoon, accompa.
nied by Mrs. Cortelyou and the wife of
Dr. .Rixey. The improvement in Mrs.
McKinley's condition enabled the Presi
dent's secretary to leave the house for
the first time this week. .
Congressman Kahn also called at the
Scott, residence and some of the Presi
dent's relatives who reside in San Fran
cisco were also at the house.
During the afternoon the President
was able to leave the sickroom for a
considerable time and word was sent
out from the house that he was taking
a rest and had fallen asleep.
The President enjoyed a hearty din
ner and awaited the coming of the phy
cians in the evening. The report of the
consultation was so cheering that the
President announced to a few intimate
friends that he would visit the Union
Iron Works this morning if Mrs. Mc-
Kinley continued to improve.
Hour after hour last night the im
provement in. the condition of Mrs. Mc-
Kinley continued, and at a late hour the
most reassuring news was sent from the
house. *
McKinley R sceives Few Friends
and Talks to Them in
N Hopeful Tone.
MANY VISITORS
CALL AT HOUSE
PHYSICIANS attending the
President's wife are inclined to
believe that she will soon re
cover sufficient strength to
travel by rail to her home in
Canton or to Washington. Her recu
perative power is something remark
able:
The crisis in her case was passed dur
ing the earlier hours of Thursday morn
ing. The doctors did not believe then
that she would rally. They feared that
she had but a slender hold on life and
must succumb to the prolonged prostra
tion. It was fortunate for the patient
that Dr. Hirschfelder was able to bring
quickly from the hospital near by just
such appliances as were needful in re-'
storing vitality.
The management of the case by the
doctors attending has been highly com
mended by physicians who have been
apprised of the treatment. The absorp
tion of salt water was timely, and its
infusion in the blood by hypodermic
process was successful.
Leading physicians not only entertain
the hope, but have confidence in the
prediction, that the patient will have
better health in the future than she has
had for many years." Yesterday morn
ing she talked to her attendants and
smilingly told one of her physicians that
she wanted fried chicken. She made an
effort to get up, contrary to the advice
of her physicians.
- -The patientc was blessed with several
hours' of natural- sleep early yesterday
morning, and awoke refreshed and con
fident of renewed strength. Opiates
were not administered to invite sleep,
but a powerful stimulant was given to
reinforce the action of the heart. The
expressed desire for solid nourishment
was accepted as a hopeful sign, but the
doctors believe that it is not prudent to
oblige her in this respect. For the pres
ent she will have to get along on such
rations as rice in chicken broth and
whites of- an egg beaten specially for
the occasion.
WASHINGTON, May 17.— Although
the White House is connected . directly
by telegraph with the Scott residence in
San Francisco, but little information
DIRECT WIRE TO
THE SCOTT HOUSE
of the entire country that Providence
MRS. McKINLEY is slowly
improving" were the
cheering ' words that
brought a ray of gladness
to President McKinley yes
terday, and to millions of men and
women in the United States, whose
hearts beat in sympathy with the chief
executive of the republic.
From the President's temporary resi
dence at the corner of Clay and Lacuna
streets, in this city, the news was flashed
to every part of this country and to all
quarters of the civilized world.
The terrible tension that held the peo
ple in awe lest their chosen head should
be stricken by the loss of his gentle wife
was relieved, and the news of the im
provement in Mrs. McKinley's condi
tion brought smiles to the faces of mil
lions.
Not only in San Francisco but in
every city, town and hamlet of the
United States the word was passed from
mouth to mouth . that the President's
wife was passing from the valley of the
shadow of death and that a merciful
Providence might spare the precious
life of the Lady of the White House.
In the morning the attending physi
cians held a consultation at the Scott
residence, and as a result of their delib
erations 'was soon known far and wide.
Mrs. McKinley had held her own on
Thursday night, and in the critical
hours of early morn of yesterday the pa
tient showed a slight improvement.
The anxious watchers by the bedside
of the President's wife noticed that her
strength was increasing, and the Presi
dent himself conveyed the news to the
members of his household. Gradually the
improvement increased, and when the
physicians left the house before noon it
was anonunced that they would not re
turn until the evening.
At the urgent solicitation of his
friends the President was induced to
leave the bedside of his wife for a brief
period in order that he mijrht take a
short drive. The chief executive de
sired that hi? police escort of mounted
officers be dispensed with, and he was
driven in a closed carriage to the- Pre
sidio grounds, remaining away from the
Scott home for thirty-five minutes.
In the afternoon the President se
cured a few hours' sleep, as he had
been without rest for twenty-four
honrs.
Secretary Cortelyou was busily en :
gaged yesterday in sending messages to
all parts of the country and abroad, eiv
ing the welcome news of the improve
ment in Mrs. McKinley's condition.
The sufferer was able to take some light
nourishment during the day. and her
strength increased each hour.
In the evening the attending: physi
sicians visited Mrs. McKinlev and
informed the President that his wife was
improving and that the conditions of
the morning had been maintained dur
ing the day. Within a few minutes the
whole country learned of the welcome
bulletin.
The President before retirine for the
night announced that he would visit the
Union Iron Works this morning pro
vided Mrs. McKinley continued to im
prove during the night and in .the early
hours of to-day. Secretary Cortelyou
stated that the President was most
anxious to meet the workmen of the
Union Iron Works at the reception they
have planned, but that the chief execu
tive \vould not stay for the launching of
the battle-ship, unless Mrs. McKinley
was considerably better.
In reply to a question Secretary Cor
telyou said that if Mrs. McKinlev con
tinued to improve the President would
return with his wife to Washington at
the first opportunity.
Secretary Cortelyou said that it was
impossible at the present time so say
when the President could go home with
his wife, but that it would not be for
a week or ten days.
When President McKinley retired to
his rest last evening he did so relieved
of the enormous strain of the previous
forty-eight hours and with the prayers
, PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN frRAtfClSCOr SATURDAY, MAY IS, 1901.
The San Francisco CallA FEW SCENES AND INCIDENTS IN FRONT OF ';SCOTT RESIDENCB.
eOVERNOR NASH of Ohio was the guest of honor at a magnificent dinner given by Mr. and Mrs. Herman Hey
neman at their elegant home, 2106 Pacific avenue, last evening. A pretty feature of the affair was the otter
ing of congratulations to Miss Dorothy Heyneman, the beautiful young daughter of the house, whose engage
ment to Harry Stephens 'of the Governor's party was announced earlier in the week. . v . .
The handsome residence was all aelow with choicest blossoms in honor of the delightful event. Through- .
out the rooms the effect aimed for was the red, white and blue of the flag. Long stemmed American Beauty roses and .
brilliant red carnations lent the red effect, exquisite white roses and pale carnations: the -white effect and bunches of,
bachelor buttons gave the necessary touch of blue. . , " .
The table received the especial attention of the decorator, and in the center of the board proudly stood a magnifi
cent floral miniature model of the Ohio. At either end of the table, resting on mossy beds, were miniature batteries of
artillery with the ammunition stacked about them: ., ' -' • v. , :1 . ' ; • -'
Seated at the table were: Governor Nash* Mr. and Mrs. Sink, Miss Deshler, Miss Helen Oeshler, . Mr. : and Mrs. .
Guthrle, Nicholas Longworth, H.' Pugh, Congressman 1 . and Mrs. Julius Kahn, Harry^ Stephens, Miss Dorothy Heyneman.
and Mr. and Mrs. Herman Heyneman. ,. - . . " ' ' •, ¦ "
-The engagement of Miss Heyneman. and; Mr. Stephens is the of a pretty, romance that began in Cin
cinnati. Miss Heyneman was on a visit to her uncle", who is,Mayor of Cincinnati, 'and there met the man who willsoonV*
claim her for his wife.. The man from Ohio fell instantly> a victim to* the > rare 'charm of the beautiful California girl "and
upon his arrival here with the Governor's party their engagement was announced. i'. - -¦ - »
No date has been set for the wedding, but early in the fall Mr. Stephensof Ohio will again com? to this city and
when he returns to his Eastern home his 'bride will accompany him. '; ¦_.. - • ' „ -
GOVERNOR NASH ENTERTAINED AT HE YNJEMAN
HOME AND A PRETTY ROMANCE IS UNVEILED
e ANTON, Ohio, May I7 ._-
The news of the critical ill
ness of Mrs. McKinley
caused the deepest doom
to settfe over her home and
birthplace. Bulletins from
San Francisco were posted as quick
ly as received and were scanned
by Cantonians feverishly. Her old
friends and neighbors spoke of her con
dition and hoped for her recovery. The
more promising bulletins issued Friday
were hailed with thankfulness and light
ened the depression which has prevailed.
WOODMEN SEND
KIND MESSAGE
COLUMBUS, Ohio. May i 7 .-The
Sovereign Camp, Woodmen of the
World, to-day adopted the. following
resolution of sympathy, which was or
dered forwarded to President McKin
ley: • < ¦ ;
Resolved, That the sincerest sympathy
of the delegates to this convention of
the Woodmen of the World be extended
to the President of the United States,
with -the earnest wish and prayer that
the life of the model American woman
and wife of the President may be spared
to her husband and the country.
DIVISION OF
SURPLUS CASH
According to present calculations much
of the money subscribed to carry out
banquets and other functions, which were
proposed in honor of the President, will
be refunded to those who paid for tick
ets. It is figured that each holder of a
$20 ticket to the citizens' banquet will re
ceive back $16 50. The estimate is that
« 50 on each ticket will be required to
meet expenses Incurred before the ban
quet was declared off.
Every member of the Union League
Club who paid in $10 for the luncheon
arranged In honor of the President will
get back $7 50.
Tickets to the Ohio Society banquet
were of two grades. The Ohio men were
assessed $10 a ticket, while others were
asked to pay $15 a plate. The function
was not canceled until the eleventh hour.
Before everything was declared off much
of the work of preparing decorations and
arranging for the dinner had been done.
Supplies contracted for had been deliv
ered before the order of cancellation was
authorized. It Is figured that the rebate
will be less than $5 on each: $10 ticket.-
The. money raised for the banquets is
apart from the sum of $32,000 collected by
the general committee for purposes of
street \ decoration, carriages • and special
receptions. The Ohio Society, however,
was accorded the privilege of drawing
$6000 from the citizens' fund to carry out
functions under the auspices of the State
society.
In the general settling up of affairs
some intricate questions are sure to arise.
No doubt the citizens' committee will be
able to report a large surplus of cash on
hand after all just obligations have been
liquidated. Careful work In the auditing
of claims will' be required.
After Arthur Cunningham and Thomas
Guise of the Tivoli had lent their voices
to-the entertainment^of the visitors Con
gressmen Kyle,. Moody, Shaforth and
Kahn made brief addresses and then the
visitors gathered round the refreshments
and, with their hosts, talked of -their trip
and of the wonders of California.
Ited you I have acquired even a firmer
opinion of his veracity than I held beiore
I knew you and your State."
A physician says tight shoes are a short
cut to poor health;' because persons"wear
ing them 'dread exercise.'"' . « " . : ¦ ;
. "Pennsylvania . has virtually decided,"
says the New York Mail and Express,' "to
build a 13.000.000 .State Hous* at a cost of
about $6,000,000."... And she'U be lucky if
she gets off with that. . . .
Royal Neighbors' /: Session Ends.
' SPRINGFIELD,/ 111. ;-. May, 17.— The Su
preme Convention of the Royal, Neighbor?
of -America adjourned ; to-day to meet In
Indianapolis. next year. Mrs.";Ida-:Haam
blen-of Pendleton; -Or., was elected' su
preme sentinel. V ., ¦
Lives Lost In a Sawmill.
-ST. JOHNS, N.B., May 17.— The chim
ney of Jewett's sawmill , ; collapsed to-day,
and three men I were killed ' and " others
were injured. The. dead are: William J.
Price, John McCluskey and Charles .Wil
son. •' . ¦• ;. ¦..¦-¦¦:,' :.•¦."¦ ¦;¦ - ¦•
.ti STOCKTON." May .; 17.— John Treadwell,
the - millionaire , owner .of ; the '. Tesla .coal
mine, was seriously. Injured on: Wednesday
afternoon >¦ at 'the' ¦¦', Brlckett '< factory; on
Stockton : channel. • by .the explosion of a
quantity of gasoline. The injured man
waa: taken -to the 'Yosemite Hotel,' and.
John Treadwell, the; Owner
of ' Tesla - Mine, .Victim
¦C £ v - of . an Accident. ':.¦
EXPLODING GASOLINE
BURNS MILLIONAIRE
Takes Option to Buy Group
for Two and a Quarter
,'" . Millions.' .
LOS ANGELES; May 17.— The Los An
geles Mining Review 'to-morrow will , say:
The South Bisbee Copper Mining • arm To\^ri
Site Improvement Company/ has given a
bond on all its copper properties near, Bis
bee, Cochise County, ;Ariz.,-to a' Glasgow
syndicate. -'.The price 'named. In rthe-bond
GLASGOW SYNDICATE
BONDS BISBEE MINES
for the of them is $2,225,000,' and
the bond runs to September 1 next.'
.The property of '.the". South ; Bisbee com
prises forty-seven . patented claims In one
group, covering about 631. acres. "It is
near the town 6f ; Bisbee and • ad joins, at
different points the property, of the Copper
Queen j Company, j , A very considerable
amount of development has been done on
some of the clairnsin the' shape of shafts
afnd. drifts; and I some carloads "of ore
taken out in development have at various
times been; shipped: to' the smelter > in El
Paso and gave; very satisfactory returns.
Bonus for Refined Lead.
VANCOUVER. B. C. May 17.— A special
from Ottawa say a that the Dominion
Government has decided to give a bonus
of $5 per ton on Canadian refined lead, to
and not exceeding $100,000 in any one year.
The bonus will be available In the same
way as the iron bounties. .
-LONpON. May 17.— The "" Paris corre
spondent of the Exchange Telegram Com
pany says it is understood that J .he deco
ration of a Knight of the Legion of Honor
is to be bestowed on J. Plerpont Morgan.
swathed in bandages. To-day he was re
moved to the home of .his brother In Oak
land. "An effort .was made to keep the
news out of , the papers, and the. affair
was kept .a.- secret until to-day, when, it
leaked out. . ' r . ¦
" Mr. Treadwell is badly burned. One side
of his face is literally cooked and his hair
is singed off. • . .... ¦•-. -...,
Mr. Treadwell carried . a lighted lamp
into a room at the factory \ where gasoline
is stored and the explosion followed. •
GREET VISITORS
AT PRESS CLUB
Statesmenand Journalists
Entertained by News
paper Men.
: An informal reception .was tendered i to
the visiting newspapermen of the Presi
dential party and the Ohio delegation by
the Press Club last evening. " In its an
nouncement the club stated that "a pro-
comes as to the condition of Mrs. Mc-
Kinley.
The wire has been used chiefly for im
portant official communications neces
sary to be sent to the President and
since the illness of Mrs. McKinley has
reached a critical stage the wire has
been little used.
This morning a belated dispatch from
Secretary Cortelyou was received by
Major Pruden, assistant secretary to the
President, stating that the Presidential
party will return to Washington as soon
as the condition of Mrs. McKinley per
mits. The officials about the mansion
felt much buoyed up by the press dis
patches of the morning indicating an
improvement in the patient's condition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I SAN JOSE, May 17.— The semi-centen
nial commencement, which is to cujmin
ate with golden jubilee exercises, of the
University of the Pacific is now In .pro
gress. To-night there was a." choral and
orchestral concert. To-morrow will be
given over to the class day exercises of
the class of 1901. • '
The baccalaureate sermon and annual
university love feast will be held on Sun
day. On Monday, and Tuesday the grad
uating exercises of the university will 'be
held. Rev. J. H. N. Williams, of Napa
will deliver an address the first day and
J. E. Richards will speak on Tuesday.
The annual meeting of trustees Is to occur
on Wednesday. -In the afternoon and
evening ¦: jubilee exsreises will be held.
Addresses will be delivered by Professor
R, D. Hunt and others. • ,-. , /.<¦;¦
Bishop J. W. Hamilton will address the
students on -Thursday, after which there
will be a. special musical programme and
a collation on the grounds. In the after
noon . Hon. .C. : W, Baker | of Cincinnati.
Ohio, and others will review the work of
the university and in the- evening the
alumni will have.theirannual reunion and
banquet. . ¦.> ¦
Commencement Exercises at
the- University of the
Pacific.
the many excellent features of the even
ing's programme.
Among the d'stinguished : guests were
Congressmen Joseph H. Southard of Tole
do, Ohio; Thomas B. Kyle of Troy, Ohio;
M. A. Moody of Oregon, John T. Shafroth
of Colorado and Julius Kahn of Califor
nia; Judge J. C. B. Hebbard, Mayor
James D. Phelan. Howard N. Thompson
of the Associated Press, .Walter E. Clark,
R. H. Hazzard of the Scripps-McRae
League, J. C. Hemmett of Harper's Week
ly, R. L. Dunn of Leslie's, James H. Hare.
W. W. Page of the Washington Star,
Henry L. West, Frank B. Lord, H. A.
Strokmeyer, Morell Mareau, George W.
Ribble and C. C. Carleton, Washington
correspondent of The Call.
President Myrtle of the Press Club wel
comed the guests and introduced T. F.
Bonnet, 'who with the tact of experience
conducted the festivities. At the. request
of 'Mr. Bonnet, the Press Club Quartet
awakened the gathering to life by singing
"Go to Sleep," and. responding to an en-,
core, rendered "Way Down South." The
assembled statesmen were loudest in the
applause, which ceased only when Mr.
Bonnet called upon Mayor Phelan to ad
dress the gathering. Mayor Phelan wel
comed the guests of the club, and in con
clusion paid a tribute to the Ohidans pres
ent by pointing to tiie number of resi
dents in this city who claim nativity of
DIPLOMAS AWAITING
CLASS OF SENIORS
Continued From Page One.
the airing might be taken without at
tracting attention.
• When the President came from the
house he looked extremely pale, but his
face bore an expression of relief. He
was respectfully saluted by those around
the house and he returned their saluta
tions. To the crowd assembled in the
park the President waved his hat. but no
demonstration was made except' the
waving of handkerchiefs.
The President entered a closed car
riage accompanied by Henry T. Scott
and Chief of Police Sullivan and was
driven out to the Presidio grounds. The
President's carriage was followed by an
other closed carriage bearing the police
bodyguard.
The President was enabled to enioy
his drive without his identity becoming
known, and he returned to the house in
half an hour. He walked briskly up the
steps and proceeded at once to his wife's
room. He learned that Mrs. McKinley
was continuing to improve and his face
lighted up with joy.
DIRECT WIRE TO SCOTT HOUSE
SANTA ROSA, May 17.— As the result of
a quarrel : between neighbors, Joseph
Schilling, a half-breed Indian, was shot
and fatally .wounded to-night by F. IX
Brown. The tragedy ! took | place on
Brown's farm, ten miles northeast of San-|
ta Rosa, and the weapon used was a shot
gun. ' Schilling was brought to Santa
Rosa and .sent to a. hospital, while Brown
surrendered" to the authorities;
Schilling is : employed on the farm of
Robert Mills, who lives in the foothills Be
yond . the home of Brown. Mills and
Brown have long been enemies. Early In
the present month Mills and Schilling
were arrested on a complaint swore to by
Brown, who charged that they had ap
peared at his place during his absence
and attacked his wife. The two men were
fined.
While returning from this city to the
Mills farm to-night Schilling stopped at
the Brown place. According to Brown, the
half-breed was intoxicated and quarrel
some and carried a rifle. Schilling was
warned that he would not be allowed to
cross Brown's farm on his way home,
which meant that he would have to take
a more roundabout course along the road.
Schilling became abusive and finally
raised his rifle and fired at Brown.
• With the first appearance of his enemy
Brown had armed himself with a shotgun,
which was loaded with fine birdshot.
When Schilling fired at him and missed
he discharged both barrels of the shotgun
at his assailant. The charges took effect
in Schilling's head and breast, blinding
him in both eyes and literally riddling
him with fine shot. At the time of i the
shooting he was only forty feet distant.
Brown sent for assistance. In order that
Schilling might be cared for, and then
came to town to give himself up. When
Schilling was picked up to be brought to
the hospital his rifle was still in his hands.
At the hospital to-night he admitted that
he had been drinking, but claimed . that
Brown started the. trouble. Brown made
a statement, in whCch he deelared-he had
fired in self-defense after the half-breed
had opened the duel.
Santa Rosa Farmer Riddles
,. an Enemy With Fine
r" ; Birdshot.
FEUD OF NEIGHBORS
LEADS TO A TRAGEDY
THE improvement in the condi
tion of "Mrs. McKinley yester
day did not necessitate the is
suing of as many bulletins as
on the previous day.
The first news of the day
was given out by Henry T. Scott, who
reported that the distinguished patient
had passed a comfortable night and that
her strength was increasing slowly..
When the physicians arrived at the
Scott residence in the moraine a large
number of people had jrathered in the
park facing the house, and they awaited
with breathless anxiety the decision of
the medical men.
Secretary Cortelyou at 8:45 a. m. is
sued the following bulletin:
"Mrs. McKinley has had a good night
and her condition is so much improved
that her physicians will not hold another
consultation until 8 p. m. The Presi
dent has not decided whether he will
participate in any of the events on the
programme to-day."
The physicians found the improve
ment in Mrs. McKinley was of such a
nature that they decided not to hold an
other consultation until the evening.
Although Secretary. Cortelyou had
announced that the doctors would* not
return to the house until the evening
some alarm was felt when Dr. Hirsch
felder drove up to the house at n a. m.
The physician remained for nearly an
hour, but it was learned that no change
had taken place in the condition of the
patient.
Secretary Cortelyou at noon an
nounced that he would not give out any
bulletins until after the physicians had
seen Mrs. McKinley in the evening.
During the afternoon Mrs. McKinley
slept for some time, and also partook of
chicken broth and eggs and . brandy
beaten up. She also drank some coffee,
and the nurses in attendance noted a
steady increase in their patient's
strength.
¦When the President dined at 7 o. m.
Mrs. McKinley again partook of
chicken broth, and at 8:15 the physi
cians arrived at the house. Drs.
Hirschfelder, Gibbons and Rixey found
that Mrs. McKinley was still improv
ing, but that a small bone felon had de
veloped on her right hand. The felon
was lanced, and the physicians antici
pate no trouble from it whatever.
The doctors were in consultation for
three-quarters of an hour, and when
.they left the house Secretary Cortelyou
gave out the following bulletin at 0:30
p. m.:
"Mrs. McKinley's physicians find the
improved. condition of the morning has
been sustained throughout the day."
.MRS. McKINLEY IMPROVING
Continued From First Page.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 18; 1901.
• / — -?— — — ~~~ •'•¦"'¦.•¦
Mrs. McKinley Steadily Improves and the Watchers, Outside the Seott Residence Are
"Kept Informed of Growing Hopeful Fe Over the First
Alarming Dispatches Is Relieved by Later and More Favorable. Intelligence
FEW BULLETINS ARE ISSUED BY PHYSICIANS,
BUT CHEERING NEWS COMES FROM SICK ROOM
and when the applause had subsided paid
a tribute to the. hospitality of Callfornlans
and congratulated them on the riches of
their territory.
"I like your fruits and your flowers," he
said, "not less than I like the hospitality
of -your : people. I always believad your .
distinguished Representative, Congress
man Kahn, when he voiced the wonders
of this great State, but since I have vis- .
that State and whose works In Califor
nia had largely contributed to the position
this State now occupies in the Union and
the world.
Following the Mayor, Homer Henley'en
tertained the gathering with vocal, selec
tions, and Captain Leal I" contributed a
few stories that elicited the applause and
raised the mirth of all; ;>:,,. '- - V\' ,.•'."
Congressman' Southard 1 was introduced,
gramme of music, humor and hearty
words of good will and fellowship would
be' interrupted from time to time, but
only by the serving of things which the
palates of epicures crave." This announce
ment was true, save that the Interruptions
for the purpose named were oftener than
from "time to time," but not so often that
the visiting statesmen and journalists
were not given full opportunity to .enjoy
2
- . . AT* V Jb'KTlSEJn7KNT3>
Is a good thing for the yonng husband
to give the 'young wife. But sympathy
•will not abate one jot of her nervousness
or lift her to that plane of sound health
where alone the wife and mother can
find happiness.
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription
meets every
; /l££wt£*^g§En nerves, restores
- .^fjgj|?|>fefg|y.|jE3 maternity makes
«**39J£" =^^»' . painless and
gives the mother abundant nutrition for
her child. "Favorite Prescription'* is a
woman's medicine and has no equal as
a cure for womanly diseases. It estab-
lishes regularity, dries weakening^ drains,
heals inflammation and ulceration and
cures female weakness.
Accept no substitute for n Favorite Pre-
scription." No other medicine is "just
as good " for weak and sick women.
" It affords me great pleasure to be able to say
a few words in regard to the merits of Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription and 'Golden
Medical Discovery,' " writes Mrs. Flora Am, of
Dallas, Jackson Co., Mo. « I was tempted to try
these medicines after seeing the effect upon my
mother. At an early age of married life I was
greatly bothered -with painful periods, also a
troublesome drain which rendered me weak
and unfit for work of any kind. I became so
thin there was nothing left of me but skin and
bone. My husband became alarmed and got
me a bottle of ' Favorite Prescription. After he
saw the wonderful effects of that one he got two
more, and . after I used tb~se up there was no
more pain, and I began i~ gain in flesh very
rapidly."
. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt of 21 one-
cent stamps, to pay expense of mailing
only. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Bul-
falo, N. Y. ¦
1S Jif Cured While
C^ Ypu Sleep
«&f^M&& In Fifteen Days
' "Gran-Solvent" d!n«olTe» Stricture like mow b*.
eaath the nn. reduces Knlanted Prostate art
grenrtnen* thQ Seminal Ducts, stopping Drain* aatf '
No drugs to rain the stomach, but • direct local
and positive application to the entire urethral track
Gran-Solvent la not a liquid. It U prepared la
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and flexlai*
tad so narrow as to pass the closest Stricture. .
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tne St. James Assn.. Box KM. Cincinnati. O-. hs»
, prepared at (treat expense an exhaust- jp» «% p p- |
: fre illustrated Treatise upon the male LULL I
System, which th«» wIU send wiajfnrrl
Sale applicant, !**"*"¦
31. JA31E3 A33H., Cincinnati. Ohio.
, t ..- If You Have Bheumatism *
Send no money, but wrlteDr.Shoop. Racine. Wla . ¦
box U7.for six bottles of Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic
Cure, exp. paid. IX cured payJ5.50. If not.lt Is free*\' TALLEJO, May 17.— The confer
'-,.%>/¦'-"/¦. ence and informal reception of
%'• / the visiting Congressmen at the
.• ¦'% / Lyceum . to-night was very'ln-
V terestlng. With few exceptions
- T . • every foreman from the navy
r -yard was 'present, and besides
the guests of the evening. Congressmen
Foss, Dayton and Metcalf, members of
the House Naval Committee, there were
PARADE OF THE PUBLIC SCHOOL CHILDREN ON VAN NESS AVENUE?
"Will Bace Crack' Kider.
; -i PARIS, , May i I7.f-Majbr Taylor * the col-"
ored American 1 cyclist, ! and 'the Jacquelin,
the - : French '„ crack i # rider, have ' arranged"
lor.,- three traces ¦: to '.take - place "" Monday
May. 27. ;•? The races \~ will 1 - be ¦ : fun : .with
pacers. • • f
BRUSSELS, ••. May 17.— There ¦ were
stormy scenes in' the Chamber, of 'Depu
ties I to-day ; during I the .debate "on foreign"
affairs.'^;'. M. Dohet '. protested against .the
suppression ; of the temporal power of the
Pope.y M. !Furnement.' a Socialist, retort
ed •* with shouting, "Down : with the
priests.'.' '-He ' then.cailed on>the Social
ists,, who Immediately started a song and
the - Rightists', responded ' with shouts "of
VLong live the ¦ Klng.". : The -President of
the-House put. .on '.his- hat and left ; the
Chamber:';. Lively "altercations between
members of the : different ; parties ; ensued.
Members Fighting;
Tolerate the Tumult and Leaves
DEPUTIES MN BELGIUM
; ".;•" -HAVE A TIME
President of the Chamber Cannot
CAYUCOS, May 17.— Little Mary Betten
cpurt,'. aged 7 years, a' daughter of • Jose
Bettencourt. met a tragic death last even
ing at the dairy ranch of Joseph Machado
Rels, ten miles east of. here. The 1 child
was spending, the day at the Rels- resi
dence.: -Whenthe family went out to do
the evening milking she was left alone In
the house with .her : playthings. A boy
returning - to -, the house i found • the child
lying dead on the floor in a pool of blood.
A. bullet had entered above her right eye
and passed through . her head. By her
side was; a 22-callber rifle containing an
empty shell. . It is supposed that on being
left alone, the child found the loaded rifle
behind ;the: door and while playing with
it '. discharged it. .-_ ¦'¦¦¦ ¦'¦
Death on a Ranch Near
Cayucos.
LITTLE TOT PLAYS
WITH LOADED RIFLE
Seven-Year-Old Child Meets a Tragic
Anxious to land the. thief. Captain Sey
mour has had several of his men looking
for him, but without avail. . Yesterday
three • overcoats which : were stolen from
different- houses were -recovered 'from
pawnshops, where they had been disposeu
of for a trifle by the bold rascal. He is
described as being fairly well dressed and
rather polished In his speech. He proba
bly is 30 or 35 years of age and has a light
mustache. . <-
The affair was wholly informal. In the
center of the Lyceum meeting room was
a long table artistically decorated and
laden with delicacies. Around this table
the guests and hosts sat and discussed
the needs of Mare Island Navy Yard. . Re
liable statements- were made by - the fore
men, and ln t a concise, effective way the
distinguished guests were shown why. It
would be to the best interests of the Gov
ernment to foster " and . improve Its navy
yards; .._'¦. . .- ¦ ' ,. . ¦• ' : -7:'-y''r - ; -
Eloquent and able addresses were made
by the Congressional^ visitors.
three ¦.,, overcoats. At least a half-dozen
other private boardingrhouses have been
visited by the' audacious crook ana a num
ber of overcoats taken. . ::.r .
also present Naval Constructor Zahn,
Civil Engineer- Holiday and Lieutenant
Commander Fechteler.
-..There are forty-two corporations, or cit
ies as. they would.be t called in the*UnIted
i States: which '.form Greater London' with
its 4,000,000 inhabitants.-; .-'. .
In the inquest upon the body of Carlo
Mariani. the 11-year-old boy who died
from injuries inflicted by a stone thrown
bj' another boy, on May 9. the Jury re
turned a verdict that death resulted
"from septic meningitis, caused . by the
throwing of a stone by B. Toss! with- no
Intent to kill or harm.
May ; Not • Employ,-; Special . Counsel.
' The City Attorney advised the ; Board' of
Supervisors j yesterday -that there .is *- no
warrant f 6r^ the" aDpointment by H the ;Tax
Collector of counsel : to ¦ prosecute
any/ suit > f or ¦ unpaid .; license ,i fees ."due < the
city; and " county.^! The | only j authority in
the 'charter | for, the 'appointment- of ! an at
torney ¦ is one .to collect delinquent ?. caxes.
This opinion % makes % illegal the > employ
ment of Peter 1 F. Dunne i to : represent t he"
Tax ~<r Collector.'-*^ in :-'-'the suits 'brought
against the Pacific States Telephone Com
pany to recover :«back license taxes > on"
nickel machines. ; " • . ,
. The - police . are ; anxiously ' searching ¦', for
a clever, Eastern^ crook who : has been sys-.
terhatically ; ."working" .private boarding
houses, stealing ; overcoats and ' other
ticles .''of *' apparel.": j~: His scheme . is to ' ring
'.the bell of some boarding-house" and when
the! servant '('appears'; ask j for the : landlord
: qr^ laridlady.V^During i the/ temporary ¦ ab-'
s'encV?of the"^ servant' he 'helps himself Itoi
the articles! that are hanging, on; the cloak
rack and quickly, disappears. -. \ ,:.
-C Yesterday v he s. visited ' a'/ boarding-houae
at 1712 Butter, 1 street, ,' and , meeting ; the . Chi
naee: servant he told him he, wanted to see'
the landlady, on Important business. While
the Chinaman '.went tup stairs I to ¦ call f the
mistress 5 of ? the f house ' k i > the />.', bold V, thief
grabbed anew overcoat,^ which was hang
ing '. in '. the hallway, .and j quickly made ' his
escape.'T'j.':i'-T.; ~--,' - -^ . ''*.'?; ?>*:;.¦,.';•';" /^-»:- ':
' *t Several *¦ days ¦ agro ' he '¦ went » to 1 the : West
minster :* House/ .. on :< Suttee, street,'-? and
worked 'the same trick, getting away with
A Daring Room! Thief
.""Works" Boarding-
S Houses.
OVERCOATS ARE
HIS SPECIALTY
structed his men 1 , that In case of attack
they ¦ were/ to use- their.; rifle butts; *,then
their bayonets, and, as a last resort,' their,
cartridges. 'The mounted signalmen were
instructed to use- first their horses,! then
the backs .of their sabres, -next, -their
sabre-blades, and last their revolvers. ¦¦,-¦,..'
The distribution of troops along the line
into the ¦ city and . out ' to .. North -Albany
was the same - as- on' the previous day,
and the /whole • distance - was effectively
covered. . ! At several , points < sharpshooters
were stationed on ¦ rooftops, ; . and "< every
possible precaution to guard against 'suc
cessful attack ' was taken. , . The first car
had glided down'into the city: before it
was .generally known ¦ that ;one • was" in
motion, but it attracted only, slight notice.'
The ¦; cars carried ¦ some • guards, ; who sat
with' their guns •- half-aimed, in constant
readiness for trouble.- The arrival. of the
Ninth Regiments created ' a ' stir ; that sub
sided 'after it •- bad 1 marched '. away • to " its
camp onthe heights.^ in- South Albany.' -
Quail-street barn .was again ', the center
from .which . action radiated. A heavy
force of. troops, was massed' there,' and at
9 o'clock a battalion of .the Tw6nty-third
Regiment and the . signal corps cavalry
troop were sent westward > to ? the .'New
York Central tracks and ¦ picked , up twen-'
ty-five ; non-union .men ; who w had'- -been
quietly dropped : at ; a ¦: crossing some . dis- •
tance v fromj the West , Albany u station.
They were quickly embraced in' a v hollow
square of infantry/ and -hurried to Quail
street barn. / Once t: the non-union h' men
were safe in the barn, the 'movement- of
cars began." Major Case, who commanded
the battalion In charge at : the barn,,in-
. Two elements seemed to contribute to
the quietness that prevailed— one the gen
eral anticipation of a settlement* of the
strike and. the other a feeling, of sobriety
that succeeded the anger and indignation
over the -killing' of William Walsh ,and
Elroy Smith. More non-union men wvre
brcugiit into ' the city, ¦ but. contrdry. to
expectation, their coming, did not iuflai»;o
sentiment to an . appreciable extent. . j The
Traction Company added part, of another
division to the section- operated by.Uorce
of arms ruicl.as ,on: the preceding ; day.
began later in the morning and quit early
in the evening. , Under orders from their
officers, the street '¦ patrols kept - people
moving, and' it Is doubtful: If a crowd ;
numbering 500 assembled anywhere in the
city during the day. • , ", . '
humid day, made it unpleasant for the
military guarding the city to-night, . but
had the effect of clearing the street
corners of crowds. There was no repeti
tion to-day of the scenes of disorder ana
turbulence that have marked the other
days of the strike. 'There was the same
imposing show of military, strength, and
in midafternoon 600 additional, troops of
the Ninth regiment of New York City
were added to the already large force now
on duty here. •• .; '• : ... -.-¦¦¦;
This is a new phase, of the difficulty and
promises to develop far more ¦ conse
quences and • impediments in the- way. of
settlement than have" been anticipated at
any time since the strike was" called. It
is a matter which had not been considered
by the strikers or the public and puts an
entirely new aspect on the situation. The
company. It is learned, on the wage ques
tion, was willing to increase the wages of
the extra men and night trippers to 19%
cents per hour, but refused to establish a
uniform rate of 20. cents an .hour for all'
employes, as requested by the. strikers.
There is a well defined rumor, that the
company will try to move a car in Troy
In the morning, and in the event of not re
ceiving proper protection will : call on
General Roe' for militarv assistance. .
A drenching rain succeeding /aV warm,
Strike Complications Increase.
The reason there Is no settlement to
night is because the company refuses to
discharge the men brought from other
points to take the strikers' places.
The only step toward settlement that
was made was the appointment to-night
of a committee from the Common Coun
cil to arbitrate and the adoption of a reso
lution declaring that if a settlement is not
effected by Monday night the Council
shall revoke the franchise of the com
pany. The company declares that such
action will be of no effect as the road now
has a vested right that cannot be taken
from it ' ¦¦, ¦ ¦
ALBANY, N. T., May 17.— No settle
ment has been reached in the railway
strike. After hours of conference the of
ficials of the United Traction ] Company
and the committee from the organizations
of the strikers adjourned without chang
ing the situation. The company will pro
ceed to run Its cars to-morrow on every
line within the city limits with the aid of
a military force that .now numbers 3000
men.
Three Thousand Troops
Patrol Streets of
* ¦ - '.
Albany.
STRIKERS SULLEN
SOLDIERS ALERT
SAIC JOSE. May 17.— Frank Hall, a
laborer from Los Gatos. In the advanced
stage of smallpox, walked into the police
station this afternoon and said he was
sick. At the first glance Captain Monroe
saw the man had smallpox and asked him
to step Into the Kecfix-ing Hospital. There
was a scattering of policemen, reporters
and others and Chief Kidward sought the
Inside of his private office. Health Officer
Caldwell was summoned and he and other
doctors pronounced the case smallpox.
Hall eald he had been feeling unwell for
five or six days an-1 did not know what
was the matter with him. This afternoon
he had a fever. Owing to the frequent
arrival and departure of prisoners and
others Jt will be impossible^ to quarantine
the police station. This evening Hall was
removed to the pesthouse and the city
Receiving Hospital was thoroughly fumi
gated. .
Nobody Blamed for Deaths.
In the case of James J. Daly of 270 Te
hama street, who was killed on 'May 15
by being struck by a street car at the in
tersection of Kentucky and Army streets,
a Coroner's jury . yesterday returned a
verdict of accidental death and exon
erated the conductor and motorman from
blame.
Enters the San Jose Police
Station to Ask for
Assistance.
EDecial Dispatch to The Call.
WICTIM OF SMALLPOX
CAUSES A STAMPEDE
Where the children did congregate,
however, the avenue seemed brighter, and
certainly there was enthusiasm for more
than a dozen parades, for the mere fact
that they were out of school during school
Incurs was enough to bring some consola
tion. The girls waved flags and sang
songs: the boys jostled and crowded for
the places next the curb; the teachers
hurried here and there to exert needed
authority to keep the midgets from leav
ing the line or losing themselves In the
general mix-up, and It was all motion and
life aud color. Miss Parker was out with
her flock, and when there seemed to be
no chance of the notables coming she set
the children to singing their songs, and
for half an hour the block rang with the
childish voices singing the old songs even
the children love long before they can un
derstand them. And they waved their
flags and shouted and cheered and had a
lovely time, even though they did not see
a real live President or even a Cabinet
officer.
It iff worth while trying the experiment
» gain If the President can find the time
and if the arrangements can . be left in
the hands of some one 'person who will
become familiar with the situation and
will not give different orders to every
school in the city. Had the affair been
properly managed the children could have
been on the avenue on time, the Presi
dent perhaps could have spared them
some part of an hour, or the Cabinet sec
retaries could have given the time for
him, and one of the prettiest affairs plan
ned for the week might not have failed
so utterly as did this one.
Plenty of Enthusiasm.
ing.
The first mistake wa« made Thursday
afternoon. When the President was try
ing to find a -way to attend the review,
and after he had told the Chief of Police
that he would send word at 9 o'clock that
evening. School Director Casserly called
upon the Chief and told him the review
had been declared off; that orders had
been sent to all the schools to hold the
children, and that there would be none
of them on the avenue. This Information,
from what might be called headquarters,
the Chief telephoned out to Mr. Cortelyou
and nothing further was thought of the
matter by either the President or the
Cabinet officers. In the meantime the
orders being sent around to the schools
were not that the parade had been de
clared off. but that" principals and teach
ers end children should watch the morn
ing papers and act according to the an
nouncement they contained.
Information Is Misleading.
"When the papers appeared in the morn
ing, however, it was found that each had
been told a different story about the par
ade, and the schools were as much in the
dark as before. Some came out on the
avenue, but the greater number did not
leave their schoolhouses. so instead of a
long line of bright-faced children lining
Van Ness avenue for blocks there was
here and there a crowd of children, bright
enough and enthusiastic but rapidly be
coming disappointed. There were no po
lice to guard the avenue and prevent
trouble, for Chief Sullivan, on the Infor
mation furnished by Casserly.had released
the squad he had detailed for that duty;
there was no President, for having been
Informed that the children would not be
out Mr. McKinley had put all thought of
the matter aside; there were no Cabinet
officers there, for the same reason, and
there were but a few children with flags
and banners and pathetically enthusiastic
la their still buoyant hope to see some one
truly great, no matter what his rank.
The Parker School, from Broadway and
Mason street, came over the hill four deep
und lined up on the west side of Van
Ness avenue between Jackson and Wash
ington streets. Just below them, toward
Jackson street and lined up along the
curb, for they were very small, were the
babies from the normal training school.
Across the way, where the Sherman
School was to have been, there were a
few people, but no children. Mr. Whits,
principal of the Spring Valley Grammar
School, sent his janitor out to the avenue
to find out what was doing, but he did
not send any of the children. • The Han
cork School, with Its flag and uniformed
corps, marched up the avenue 'waving
flags and singing, to take Its place on the
curb beyond Washington. A few more
classes straggled up the avenue toward
Jackson street and a few more trotted
down toward Market street, but there
were big gaps in the line where different
orders and different information had kept
the children In their classrooms.
A GENERAL conflict of orders
and a misunderstanding of the
situation made a failure of
what might have been a re
view of the school children by
the President yesterday morn
ing. Up to the hour set for his
appearance no one knew defT
nitely whether or not he would be pres
ent, or In his absence, if any of the mem
bers of the Cabinet wculd do the review-
McKinley Expresses J|fpl|mg|iisspQ ; : R%^£||p W^§^^p^^0^S§MiMM^if^^^l§MSS9MSSS;
Informed WS^$W^^M9^MS^M^^S0§R^^^9S^^^^^^M Tour the Town in
Automobiles—Reception- at Val fejo to Members of
THE members of the Automobile
Club of California were the host3
of the visiting Congressmen yes
terday., escorting the Eastern
•men around the city and show
ing them c!l the sights of lnter
_ est.
The start was made from the Hotel
Pleasantpn and the route lay first out to
Van Ness avenue, where several hundred
much disappointed school children were
standing . waiting for the President to
pass. .Then down the avenue to Market
street and the City Hall, where, after a
turn or two was taken around the Lick
statuary, the party rode to the Mint by
way of the new postofflce. '
The visitors were taken through the
Mint and then a course was laid for down
town. The sub-treasury, on Merchant
street, the Appraiser's building and the
old po'stofflce and custom-house were in
spected, and then the party .turned Into
East street and took in the water front.
A side trip up Market street to the Dona
hue fountain was taken, and then a trip
down to the 'transport dock. Then a run
was made* out Market street, to Eighth.
Here the party broke up. but the ride was
not ended, for' each chauffeur took hrt
guest to the park or the Cliff. House; or
the Presidio or on some trip of Interest.
The guests and their hosts were as fol
lows:
Julius Kahn with S. D. Rogers, president of
the club: R- M. Nevln of Dayton. Ohio, with
E. Brooke Ridley, treasurer of the club: Em
mett . Tomnklns of Columbus. Ohio, with
Charles Helneman: General Charles Dick of
Akron, Ohio, with F. A. Hyde; J. F. Safroth
of Colorado with William Ede; J. I*. Bremmer
of Dayton. Ohio, with L. T. Andrews: G. W.
Cromer of Muncie. Ind., Stephen Morgan of
Oakhill, Ohio, and J. "W. Casslnghan of Cash-'
octon, Ohio, with J. Keenan; Thomas B. Kyl«
of Troy. Ohio, with I*. H. Johnson; J. C. Need
ham of California with S. D. Hewson: J. H.
Southard of Toledo, Ohio, with J. S. Thomp
son; M. A. Moody of Oregon, J. S. Snook and
C. O. HHdebrant of Ohio with H. C. Tllden;
D. Meekison of Ohio with H. T. McKnight; W.
R. Warnock of Urbana, Ohio, with Dr. Max
Rothschild: R, R. l'Hommedieu, secretary of
th«> club, with M. Conlon and J. C. Sexton.
Mr. Southard of Toledo is chairman of
the House Committee on Coinage. Weights
and Measures. He was Darticularly inter
erested in the trip to the Mint.
CAN CONSTRUCT
FINE SHIPS
Inspection of Mare Island
Navy- Yard by Con
gressmen.
State Senators J. J. Luchslnger of
Solano and CM. Belshaw of Marin and
Contra Costa, who went to Mare Island
with John D. Long, Secretary of the
Navy, and the visiting Congressmen,
speak highly of the prospect of the navy
yard. According to all accounts the Con
gressional visitors are convinced that the
navy-yard is able to build a first class
cruiser or gunboat.
; Representative George E. F0S3 of. Illi
nois, chairman of the House Committee
on Naval Affairs, and Representatives
Alston G. Dayton of West Virginia and
Victor H. Metcalf of California, members
of the naval committee, did not return to
San Franci3co with the main party, but
remained at Vallejo all night to listen to
the Board: of Trade and talk with the
foremen of the yard. These Congressmen
made diligent- inquiry regarding the ca
pacity of the yard, the cost of.labor and
materials and the depth of water in the
channel. The Information obtained will
be useful to Congress when the question
of ordering the construction of warships
a?aln comes up ' for consideration in
Washington. ¦ ,
WOMAN PHYSICIANS
SAVE M. DE VRIES
-« ]
Social Dispatch to The Call.
¦ STOCKTOX, May 17.— Attorney "W.. B.
Nutter Is in receipt of a letter from Ma
rion de Vries, member of the Board of
General Appraisers in New York, stating
that the ex-Congressman has been great
ly benefited -by a woman physician,
formerly of this city, after expert New
York doctors had failed to relieve him.
Mr. de Vries says in his letter that he suf
fered unceasing pain for eleven days. At
that time Mrs. Dr. Freeman, formerly of
Stockton but now studying in New York,
made a friendly- call upon the Stocktonian.
She ascertained his condition and then re
quested-to be allowed to call In a physi
cian friend of hers for a consultation. As
a resutt of the consultation a new course
of treatment was adopted. In a short time
the pain had ceased and Mr. de Vries was
much improved. " Strict rest from all of
ficial duties has been advised for him, and
he has obtained a leave of absence and
may go abroad to seek rest and renewed
health. '-."..'
Again Charged With Murder.
\ STOCKTON. May 17?— Wong Fook
Chong. a Chinese cook employed in the
Commercial ' j Hotel here for nineteen
years past, was again arrested to-night
on a San Francisco warrant - charging
him with the murder of a Chinese In that
city ten years ago. Detective Gibson
came up from San Francisco to-night to
take the prisoner away before morning,
fearing another writ of habeas corpus,
but the writ was issued and the Chinese
will be brought before Judge Budd at 10
o'clock to-morrow morning'. The Chinese
was arrested on the same charge last
week and was discharged by Judge Budd
o-v habeas corpus. This time it is urged
that the present proceeding of arrest is
In contempt of the court.
SCHOOL CHILDREN FAIL TO SEE THE PRESIDENT
OWING TO AN UNFORTUNATE MISUNDERSTANDING
THE SAN FRANCISCO; C^^^ 1901 .
Spring Humor's
of the Blood
Come to a large majority of people.
Probably 75 per cent of these are
cured. every year by Hood's . Sarsapa-
rilla, and we hope by. this advertise-
ment to get the other 25 per cent to take
this" great Spring Medicine.
It will sharpen " your appetite, cure
all stomach troubles, relieve that tircl
feeling.
.Its strength as a blood purifier is
demonstrated by its marvelous cures of
Scrofula Salt Rheum
Scald Head ,. Boils. Pimples
Al! Kinds of Humcr Psorlas's ¦
Blood Poisoning Rheumatism •
! C atarr h - Mala r. a , Etc.
All of which are prevalent now.
Hood r s
$arsapariil(i
AVilI'do you a .wonderful amount «|
cood. - Be sure to get-Hood'* v;7 ~ ~ ; '¦ '¦ : : ~^ .: •>-¦•: "'•¦-• ¦ ¦. :'- ;¦¦¦¦¦ 1
THE OLD OHIO, FRIG ATE OF EIGHTY-FOUR, A MODEL OF HER DAY.
hull of the Ohio will be floating safely
in the waters of the bay. .
LAUNCHING OF
THE NEW OHIO
Her Weight, Her Size, Her
Speed and the Guns
She Will Carry.
The act authorizing the building of the
Ohio, Maine and Missouri was passed May
4, 1SS8. When the bids were opened It was
found that Dialogue & Son had offered to
build one ship on department plans for
$2,840,000. The Newport News Company,
one ship, department plans, $2,580,000, and
one ship bidder's plans $2,680,000 and $2,850,
000. Cramp & Sons, one ship, department
plans,' }2,6oO,000; for two ships, department
plans, each $2,625,000, and for on.e ship,
bidder's plans, $2,725,000 and .$2,885,000 and
$2,700,000, and $2,870,000 each for two
ships, bidder's plans. Union Iron Works,
one ship, department plans,. $2,674,00 and
$2,725,000 and $2,899,000 for one ship bidder's
plans.
The contract for the Maine was let to
the Cramps on department plans, for the
Missouri to the Newport News Company
on department plans and for the Ohio to
the Union Iron Works on bidder's -plans
at the highest figure.
The first rivet in the keel of the Ohio
was not driven antil May 19, 1899. Ever
since the work has. proceeded without a
hitch, save that there have been some
delays due to Uncle Sam's tardiness in
supplying the armor plate.
There were some hitches in {he building
cf the Maine and Missouri, however. The
plans supplied by the Government were
modeled on those of a Russian battleship
and defects were found in them. This
necessitated some changes In the con
struction of the Maine and Missouri and
they are now practically the same as the
Ohio. 4
All the world has heard of the Oregon,
which has been aptly called "the bulldog
of the United States navy." No vessel
thty have ever built do the Scotts'take,
as much pride in. In comparing the Ohio
with her some idea of the former's dimen
sions will be gained.
• OREGON. OHIO. '
Length 34S feet • S88 feet
Beam 68 feet 3 Inches 72 feet 3 Inches
Depth of hold... 24 feet - 23 feet 9 inches
Displacement ..10,500 tons 12.500 tons
Speed 15 knots 18 knots
The speed of the Ohio was to have been
16 knots, but under an agreement with
her builders she is to make 18 knots or
better on her trial trip. :
The armament of the Ohio will be as
follows: Main battery — Four 12-inch
breech-loading rifles, sixteen 6-inch rapid
fire guns. .
Secondary battery— Six 3-Inch rapid-fire
guns, eight 6-pounder rapid-fire guns, six
1-pound er rapid-fire- guns, two : 3-lnch
rapid-fire guns (field) and .2 Colts; s
The 12-inch guns are of the latest type,
with smokeless powder and a muzzle ve
locity of 3000 feet per second. The Ohio,
Maine and Missouri have two submerged
torpedo tubes and carry eight 17-foot tor
pedoes. These are the first underwater
torpedo tubes as^, yet introduced in the
United States jr(&xy..
The 12-inch guns .will be mounted In
two turrets and will have arcs-of train-
Ing of 2S0 degrees each. Five of the 6
inch guns will be on each side in the main
deck battery and. will have arcs of fire of
110 degrees. The -bow 6-Inch "guns will
have each a total sweep of 138 degrees.'
Four 6-inch guns mounted in the two
citadels on the upper deck will have each
an' arc of fire of 138 degrees. Two of the
6-pounders will be mounted; on the main
deck, one on each side," between the two
foremost of the 6-inch guns. Four others
will be placed aft, while the rest will be
mounted on the superstructure. Air of
the 6-inch guns will carry heavy cylin
drical shields and the .fighting stations
between these guns will be separated by
- A- pilot engine is an insignia of royalty
m' England which American - railroad
tings have not yet copied V : ; ;"---
Petroleum in Northern
San Luis Obispo# /
County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASO ROBLES, May 17.— News reached
here this morning of the first strike of oil
In a new field bemg developed northwest
from ,here and lying between the Naci
miento River on the south and the San
Antonio River on the north. F. D. Frost,
manager of the Naclmiento Company,
which made the strike, confirms the re
port. He says that the drills passed into
oil -sand yesterday at a depth of about
13Q&.-;reet -and .an oil vein ; was^truck- as
sdpxi ' as ; the sand was * penetrated. -The
yittd Is small, but the conditions under
which It was found give great hopes of
a food well when the drill gets lower. .•
t-JPpur other companles.a.re drilling in the
panie section and should oil be found in
paying quantities an entirely new field
•wlU' have been opened.
.>Tne Great American Company's drill,
norjth of the.Xacimlenlo well, is now down
about 700 feet and the White Oak Com
pany's drill is down 300 feet. The Acme
hag: its rig on the ground and will com
mence spudding within a few days. The
Monterey Company is now down more
than 1200 feet, but so far has not been
successful. -
GAS FEOM CRUDE PETROLEUM.
Successful Experiment That May De
.>; cide the Fuel Problem.
43AKERSFIELD, May 17.— The Bakers
fl^ld Electric Light Company Is preparing
to utilize the wealth of crude oil in Kern
COurity to supp'ly fuel in a practical form
tCKlhe residents of this city and Kern
vill£. For Bomeitime past the company
has , been experimenting with an appar
atus for the manufacture of gas from oil.
Tha.. experiments have been so satisfac
tory that a contract has been awarded
the California Light and Fuel Company
for a complete plant for this purpose. . .
TJjfe company expects to extend its sys
tem^and p(U the price of the .gas-Xuel so
low.' that air other fuel material will be
forced from the market. Stoves will" b(j
Bojdat cost and meters will be put In free
of For 1000 feet or less $2 will
be charged and for 5000 feet or over the
price; will be- $150. The plant will be
really for operation by the first of Oc
tober and will cost in the neighborhood of
140.000. , .
OIL IS STRUCK
IN NEW FIELD
ON the turn of the tide Just
after noon to-day the Ohio
will leave the cradle in which
she has been resting and
will take her place among
floating thi^s, where she
¦will fly her flag with the
proudest in the navy. - * k .
The arrangements for . the ' launching
have been completed and nothing now re
mains but to knock away the shores that
have held her for so long, let' her gently
down upon the sliding ways and then
¦wait until a woman's hand frees her from
her shore moorings and lets her slip Into
the baj\
The time set for the launching is 12:20,
or Just as the highest tide of the month
reaches Its full depth and hesitates a mo
ment before It runs back again into the
ocean. At that moment the ship will go,
for tide waits not even for battleships,
and the depth that will carry the huge
hull clear of the mud Is as fleeting as a
sunset sky, though sure as the sun.
It is almost a certainty that the Presi
dent will be there, for Mrs. MeKinley has
rallied so satisfactorily that he will 'feel
free to take the necessary time unless an
other unfortunate turn should hold him
at the bedside of his wlfe % The launch
ing is what he came West to see, but if
anything should keep him from it he will
at least be at the works in time to greet
the -workmen, for he lias said that he will
make every effort io meet the men who
build the best ships of the navy.
The reception to the workmen will be
held at 11 o'clock, and at that time they
¦will present the gold plate they have had
«ngraved as a souvenir of the President's
visit to the works. It was at first thought
that the" plate would have to be sent East
to him in default of his presence, but as
it is now practically certain that the
President will be at the reception at least
the plate can be presented as originally
intended. . ..
To prevent accidents and to protect the
workmen from annoyance before the
launching, no one will be allowed in the
y rds until 11 o'clock. A squad of police
under command of Lieutenant Mooney
will be on hand to enforce this order.
The President will leave his house at
half-past 9 o'clock and will take the
transport tug Slocum for the works. As
he passes down the bay the warships
will give him the full salute of twenty
one guns.
There are two lines of cars that reach
the Union Iron Works, one coming over
the hill by Sixteenth street and arriving
at Sixteenth by way of Flllmore and by
transfers from all the electric and cable
systems of the Western Addition and the
Mission, and another line running up
Kentucky street, reaching Kentucky
by way of Third street and by transfers
from the lower town systems of cable
and electric " cars. Any line that will
transfer to the Fillmore and Sixteenth
street lines vrtll bring passengers to the
works' that way, and any line that will
transfer to Kearny and Third streets will
get passengers to the works by way of
Kentucky street. «
The last and perhaps the most delicate
¦work of the launch will be done this
morning. The vessel is resting now on
her. shores and keel blocks, both per
. manent supports; she must have her
-weight transferred from these to the
cradle that rests upon the sliding ways,
and the old supports will have to be
knocked away. The cradle is wedged up
to take part of her weight and then the
shores and keel .blocks are cut away to
let the cradle take the remainder, and
then she will be held by a single beam
of wood, set like a trigger, ready to
epring aside and let her go only when
the proper force is brought to bear upon
It. .
j • It Is a delicate piece of . work, delicate
even considering the thousands of tons
-that have to be handled/and a sigh of
relief will rise from the Union Iron
Works If to-moVrow. at half past 12,
without accident and without hitch, the
President MeKinley Will Almost Gevi&vciiy' Present at a Reception \ to the
Workingraen W"hieh Will Be HfeE at Eleven -O'elopky and if He Gan He Will
Remain for the Launching, tox Be Held • an Hour arid a x Half: Afterward
TO-DAY AT NOON THE OHIO WILL SLIP FROM HER
WAYS INTO THE WAITING WATERS OF THE BAY
SAN FKANGISCO^ C^
:< London . consumes" eleven tons of sait
.daily;;."- '.'.¦¦¦¦';'¦: '.'¦'. ' ; ¦• , >,?/t
B ABY •- MAITGI/ED BY,, . . :
{& MOWING MAOElirE
While Playing in Tall Grass the Iit
v 'tie One Is Eun Over and
..»;•'.,¦ JxTerrlbly^Cut.' " v ?'- -
SANTA' ANA, - May , 17.— The "two-year-
old child': of ;;Mrs. Hattie I Hay worth of
Garden; Grove was run over; by afmow
ing machine and . terribly cut^^to-day.
She had 'lain down In a'patch of! barley
and gone to sleep. .The grain vwaa i so
thick that the man driving' the t mower
did not'see the child until she was struck
by the machine. The keen edge of the
sickle cut "her 'terribly fabdut <• the !¦ face
and body and one , of the sickle * guards
pierced . her thigh. The child -.probably
will- live. •--- •:.-"•• -'.;;• • '
Decision on v Divorce Law.
TACOMA, May ; > 17.— Judge ' Bnell ; to-day
•denied the nonsuit' asked i for by) the: at
torneys for ;Eds6n : Sturgeon* in-; ..the : ; . trial,
of 'the case for. bigamy now being, heard
before a'jury'n the Superior Court.', The
effect '.'of Judge Snell's;- decision 'is that-'a
marriage contracted ,in : - another . State
within, the . period r of six - months ¦ after
-having . obtained ¦ a I divorce" in - : this j State
.was,. according, to. the; law then-'in force,"
valid ¦¦'"-Vvv". ¦" •"¦.••-. "!'¦«:- •'¦»''• :¦¦':•': ¦"-"-
PKOBTJCEB.S 1 ; FESFEOT PLANS.
All Los Angeles Well-Owners May
Join the Association.
LOS ANGELES, May 17.— Members, of
the Los Angeles Oil/Producers' Associa
tion to-day made public the'hature'of the
business transacted when "the organiza
tion of the " association " was completed.
W. H. Allen Jr. was elected president and
A. W. Morgan secretary, . this election be
ing, with the understanding that there
would be another election as soon as nil
producers have had' an opportunity to de
cide .: whether they wish to enter the or
ganization. . * . •
The 'memberships of/ the -association at
present includes 365 wells in the Los An
geles'field, and it'is proposed that the as
sociation ¦ proceed . to handle the oil of the
members, whether "others' Join or not,
though there is every reason to- . believe
that at least 600 of the 800 wells: from
which oil is marketed will" be brought into
the organization at an early date.
Democrats.
" Democrats will assemble from all parts
of the State May 19th to .celebrate the
fiftieth, anniversary of the first* Demo
cratic State Convention 1^of California. "D
M. Delmas will, deliver the oration." • • -
Steamer . Onisba will leave Jackson
street wharf May 19th at -8:30 a.'m. -and
leave Benicia 5:30 p. m. Fare,, round trip
75 cents. - . ; . f. ¦
Tickets at -Bryan's T)rug, Store.
Montgomery and Market; Merle's, Mission
and Sixth; Shinkwin's, Larkin and Turk 1
Fybush's, Market: 1 and Sansome, • and
wharf, Sunday morning..- . . . •.
"In 1S98 there were 544.283 children under
fpurteen engaged In- industrial pursuits
and factories* in German." ¦¦ . .•.'•;:.'•••-•.-.
SLUICING OUT
SEASON'S GOLD
Klondike Mtput|^rm
Be at Least Thirty
Millions.
.SEATTLE, May 17.— The steamer City
of Seattle arrived" this' -morning ; from
Skaguay and other ports In Southeastern
Alaska .with' 1 a. large, number of- passen
gers. Among them was Captain . J..\ B.
.Libby, manager of . the Puget Sound .Tug
boat Company, who- is. just .out ' from
Dawson. He- left : there on the 29th of
April, dme up the 1 river to Selkirk in a
boat and then "hit ¦ the .trail" tO'i.White
Horse and the railroad. ,; ',' ;:..'-'.
has, been a bad winter. 'In 'Dawson
f or dogs, and _a' very good- one for gold,".
Captain Llbby said in an interview/ :"A
laYge _ proportion of the dogs, including
some of the rrost valuable ones,,'; have
been killed.', "The '.police did the work a
short timp. before I ;left. . The animals
were afflicted by a' sort, of hydrophobia,
and a number of persons wereVseriously
bitten' before it was decided to minimize
the danger by shooting all- dogs found at
large, ..,. -. «i : "; v
"Sluicing had begun In the creeks,' but
operations were riot . very v extensive. They
aro now probably in full ' swing, ¦' as ' there
was a thaw on when I came up the river.
The output of gold is going to be immense.
It Is believed by people in a position to
know that the total production^ pf t gold
will be at lfeast one-fifth larger than last
year, » or about ¦ $30,000,000, " and there . is no
reason in sight' why it should be any, less
next year.- Dawson -is quiet in general,
though\the hydrophobia caused ~ a little
flurry for a while. There has been plenty
of food all winter." - :' >¦
- ' A-. telegram : dated May ; 12 from ;¦ G.' 1 -- C.
Mellott; :¦, the company's agent ; at •• ..White
Horse, was received this morning by Man-'
ager Hawkins cf. the White Pass and Yu
kon. Railway to the effect' that the. river
is rapidly. breaking,up.v. ".--::¦¦. "¦'
¦••¦"The river; is now open to the head: of
Lake Lebarge," 1 it* states. '."From the foot
of- Lebarge' the • river is;, open } to f- Little
Salmon.?. In fact, i- the '-Yukon' is v open .at
every point where branch ; streams , empty
in. ¦ The , ice is getting very,; soft, and . in
dications are that the -river will be, open
to Dawson in a very, few days.". ¦' . J "
: Captain s Connell and ; Purser , Harris '- of
the City, of. Seattle confirm ; other, reports
that ..there is no smallpox : in' 1 Southeastern
Alaska except : at"i Sitka, - and t. possibly v a
few cases atHtionah.'on Chatham; Straits.'
These cases ar« among the - Indians, it The
inspection on. all-ship^ and passengers
from north or south is still maintained at
Skaguay. and Juneau. 1 - vs . - .. ¦-. ¦¦--¦ ¦:¦ ~~.-;.
-Schone of 'California- died In
agony'on April 8 at-Moose;Camp,":on'Klu
tena River, while engaged in' transporting
BEMIDJI, Minn., May ( 17.— During a
celebration to-night of Norway's national
holiday, which included pyrotechnic dis
plays on Lake Bemidji, fireworks explod
ed oh board the steamer Shadow. The
boat' was crowded with 'spectators and
eleven persons were "badly burned. Only
one was fatally injured, although seven
are in a serious condition. Many of those
on board the boat leaped into the. lake
and saved their lives by swimming
ashore. Fred Driver,, a boy, Is supposed
to have been drowned in his efforts to
escape.
The names of those most^ seriously in
jured, so. Car, as could be ascertained, are
.as j- follows:— .F,red<- 1 McCauley, ; fatally,
burned; Al Sarcharlas,' Ed Scarrott,' C. E:
Arnold and Emil Jestln.
Eleven . Persons Are Badly-
Burned, One Receiving
Fatal Injuries. "
FIREWOUKS EXPLODE
ON A LUKE STEAMER
LONDON, May 17.— The Ewo Incident at
Tientsin May '4, when' some German sol
diers ¦ guarding a' German t bridge across
the Peiho, at the south end of the British
concession there, fired on the British tug
Ewo, wounding two of her crew,' after the
vessel I had" touched the bridge, which Im
peded river traffic, is • assuming a ) graver
character. 1 ' Owing ~to the unsatisfactory
nature:; of the - German commander's ex
planations, . the matter has been" referred
to ; the British Minister at - Peking-, Sir
Ernest Satow,- with" a. view to diplomatic
actienbeins taken. /i-
Acccording-to a dlspatch.from Peking to
the London Times/ published to-day, after
two of the Chinese crew had been, wound-"
ed (they* have.since died) : the remainder
were arrested, taken to* a" German prison
and ; flogged. "General : Dome ; Campbell
asked General. von Lesselfoi^'an'explana
tion" of the : j "unwarrantable I brutality.' '
Von Lessel's reply," which- j has just been
received, promising that the incident shall
not be repeated; at least so far as the use
of arms is concerned, is regarded as quite
inadequate. - The Times 'in an editorial
says; ¦: • - t ¦ '..,'. .:.-.. ¦ ',-' !
¦•• Apart from^the question of the flag -which
| the , tug •¦ new we ; have • no hesitation ¦ In declar
ing that such punishments are out of all pro
portion to the alleged offense.- We. would have
condemned them' If theyhadrbeen inflicted' on
coolies sailing under the German flag at.KIap
chau.", The flogging' proves . that " the . German
authorities deemed that something- more .than
-two? lives * was :-• necessary. , to > atone .for the
heinous ¦ offense of . running against ' a } German
bridge. > .We > will want ¦ to know* who : the au
thorities ; were ; who took .the ; law in their own
hands and executed it In this -brutal fashion.
¦The fact that the crew dealt with In this high
' handed style were under the British flag intro
duces ¦ a .serious factor. ¦. Von i Lesael's . apology
is an aggravation' of; the. original- wrong done
us. It is not the sort of satisfaction we are
likely to accept. : Tientsin Is : not the only.place
where Germans are disposed to forget that : We
are their allies and not their subordinates.
{¦ ' The Times ' concludes , with '.a ¦ condemna
tion of the various German, expeditions.
his, outfit f rcm .' Valdes to the . Chesna
River., diggings.**; He < was " taken seriously
sick a. week previously and had numerous
lits t and convulsions. *.• His • symptoms indi
cate,that he -died: of cerebro spinal menin
gitis..' Schone was "grubstaked'' by.Mel
vin > Dempsey, 4 - of ; Valdes," and*, little, was
known. of ' him{exceptUhat he was a pro
fessional 1 miner.*: His brotherilives In Los
Angeles and. a* sister. in Alameda.
Firing of Germans .Upon
if- England's Flag Causes
V .Indignation. . j
BRITONS ARE ANGRY
OVER EWO INCIDENT
Special- Dispatch to The Call.
CAPE TOWN, May 17.— A column under
Major Paris has returned' toKimberley
from Boshofi it escorted a con
voy. It met with opposition as.it neared
its '.destination, _but the Boers were dis
persed. Their loss Is unknown. On re
turning the column was. opposed oy. fifty
Boers, but they were scattered when a
pompom opened fire on them. The British
had few casualties on the latter occasion.-
A sergeant and six colonial troopers, re
leased by the rebels and cast : adrift in
Khama's . -..northwest \ of > the
Transyaal»_May-.^3,-vhave— reaehed Van
Rhyns j Dorp,' '. Cape Colony, after making
their way j on. ¦ f oot • f or. 370 . miles' through a'
Bushman land. , " • u. ¦ •
. In an 1 engagement "with the Boer' invad
ers south*-© f-^Maradsbtirg- last MorTday the
colonial defense forces had six men killed
and eleven' wounded, v '= '; •¦¦:
PIETERSBURG, Northern Transvaal,
Wednesflay/Atay 8.— Ninety Boers; includ
ing : Barendvorster and , Heystete.^the i for
mer Landrost, and" many former 'officials
have surrendered. The district ds. rapidly
settling down to the usuaV. conditions. , •
Engagements in Which Both
.Sides Sustain ,
Losses.
ADVANCE OF BRITISH
OPPOSED BY BOERS
The Berlin Women's Club has 205 mem
bers. - . - . ¦ - -- ¦¦ . .
Fire In College Park.
SAN JOSE. May 17.— A two-story dwell
ing in College Park was burned to-night,
together with its'contents. It was owned*
by John Angis and was occupied bv Mrs.
George B. Wilson as a students' board
ing-house. All were absent at an enter
tainment and the origin of the Ore is not
known. Loss about $30CO, insurance not
known.
FLEET MAY FORCE
THE DARDANELLES
LONDON. May lS.-"rt Is, rumored
here, says the Constantinople corres
pondent of the Daily News, "that an ar
rangement has been agreed upon where
by the French fleet Is to force the Dar
danelles with a European mandate un
less Turkey yields on the postal cues
tion. ¦ . - ¦ .-..-.-.
French to Present Mandate
to Turkey on Postal
Question. jKSB
Loses Both, of His Hands.
SACRAMENTO, May 17.— Thomas Den
nison, a laboring man, was knocked down
and run over by a flatcar at Roseville
Junction this evening and lost both of his
hands. - - - ¦ -
LAUNCHING-OF
% THE OLD OHIO
How She Was Built and
Named and Sailed the
Stormy Waves. i
' To-day, May" 18;* 1901, the spiendld . new
battleship Oljio, the equal of any fighting
machine afloat, the product of California
enterprise and skill, will take the waters
of, San Francisco Bay. .On May 30, .1820,
nearly eighty-one ... y'earsi ago, an earlier,
Ohio, a. "ship of tho line," 'made her first
plunge into the waters of the Atlantic of.
Brooklyn; N. Y. .She, too, was one of the
finest specimens , of , American workman
ship afloat in her tirr.e.. :
She was built of wood, 198 feet long and
carried an armament of eighty-four guns;
twelve 8-inch pieces and , seventy-two 32
pounders, all' muzzle-loaders. Her, cost
was $547,889; less than one-fifth of that of
her namesake, which, . howeVer, will be
able to whip a sea tullof such battleships
as she was. The old Ohio performed much
useful service, but never had ¦' an ¦ oppor
tunity of testing her, fighting powers. She,
however, was on hand and ready along
these very coasts during the latter part
of . the Mexican war, and at its close she
"mosphere. . ;.
Thus/armed and equipped the Ohio will
be one of the most perfect lighting ma
chines in the i world. ,~-
remained for. some time as the flagship of
Captain Thomas Ap." Catesby Jones of
New Orleans fame, the then commander
of the Pacific squadron. She was put out
of -date by the naval developments of the
Civil War and in 1883 was sold for $17,100.
1 -What changes • have been wrought - in
the period between the, two launchings?
Large libraries hardly suffice to tell.
"Where . the first Ohio could , have found
but a. handful of not friendly people a
great city of 400,000 people, citizens of the
United States, moves. to its bay shore to
witness 1 the inauguration of the career of
the. modern, Ohio,; In company with those
,who=haveJ come. near 3000 miles from .the
;great State for which she is named to the
baptism. '. -" '¦.;¦. . ¦' -; '¦• '"¦'¦'.'" '"'
From Niles* Register, Baltimore, of
June 3, 1S20, the following description of
the first- launching is given: f
The. United States ship of the line Ohio was
launched at Nsw York on Tuesday . last in the
presence. It is supposed, of nearly 1,000,000 per
sons, / amidst discharges of artillery from the
Washington, 74 guns, and the sloop Hornet,
which were answered by: a battalion of artil
lery. She glided into the water in* majestic
style and no accident occurred; $ She is a ves
sel of tho first class, built j of the very best
nfaterial, and with great care by Mr. Eckert.
*.' There was aulte a stir about the name
she should bear. Up to within a few days
of the launching it. was generally believed
and published that. she would be called
the New York. ; ' , , '-•• "
The following from the National Intel
ligencer.'Washington. shortly before the
launching, explains how she, got the name
Ohio:
Agreeably to the. mode adopted by the Navy
Armor— "Water-line belt, thickness amid
ships: To 1 foot below load water line,
12 inches; bottom, 8^ inches; height above
load line, 3 feet 6 Inches; total depth of
belt, 7i feet 6 inches; side, armor above
main belt, thickness, 7 inches; superstruc
ture-armor, 7 inches; turret _ armor (12
inch guns), 12 and 11 inches; roof of tur
ret, 3 Inches; barbette ,. armor, 12 .and 9
inches; protective deck armor, 2% to 4
inches; conning tower armor,-. 10 .inches. -
_t General Schedule of "Weights — . ...¦'* Tons.
Hull- and nttlngs......... ......... •.....:'.....*.. 4,836
Armor and bolts '. 2.933
Protective deck armor. ..'.......:. ..,.%..¦ €00
Armament and ammunition...... 1.058
Machinery, with water.. ;¦;„. -....:. ...1,396
Equipment J99
Outfit and stores...... 478
Coal .............................; 1,000
.• Total ......... ...'.:. 12.500
. Machinery — ' .. ,
Indicated horsepower. . . .-. 16,000
Number of revolutions....... '...'......... :..... 126
Diameter of high pressure cylinder.. 38% inches
Diameter of intermediate cylinder 59 inches
Diameter of low pressure cylinder.:. .92 Inches
Length of stroke ¦..;.... .:.'... 42 inches
Cooling surface, main condenser.. ....9600 sq. ft
Cooling surface, auxiliary condenser.. 800 sq. ft
.Boilers will consist, of -24 Niclausse
water- tube type arranged in. three groups
of 8 .boilers each.- Each group is subdi
vided by the center line bulkhead. Each
boiler will have 15 elements of 24 tubes,
the whole number of _ elements being 360
and the number of *ubes 8640. * Total heat
ing surface, 58,104 square feet;\total grate
surface, 1353 square feet. The boilers are
designed to carry a working pressure of
250 pounds per. square inch above the at-
splinter bulkheads an inch and a half
thick. The manipulating rooms will be
behind the armor belt and below the
water line. ;
BUTTE, Mont, May 17.— The Colorado
smelter to-day followed the • example of
the Butte and Boston and shut down. A
meeting of the Mill and Smelter Men's
Union will be held on Saturday night and
an effort may be made to patch up the dif
ferences between ' the companies and the
men- The miners are said to be taking an
active part in trying to effect a settle
ment, as a continuance of the shut-down
at the two works may eventually result
in closing -some of the mines. The com
panies adhere to their determination not
to grant the eight-hour - demand to men
not actively engaged in the smelter.,/- /;
Companies Determined _Not
to Grant Demand for
Eight Hours.
Department of determining the* names of our
vessels of .war, under 'the resolution of Con
gress, the /navy commissioners proceeded on
the 25th ult; vfe understand, to assisn by lot
the name of the ship of the line just built at
New York. , The name which she drew, which
of course from her rate "must be that of a
State, was Ohio.- i
The resolution of Congress referred to
was passed the second session before and
provided that vessels of war then "build
ing or hereafter to be built,* should be
named by the Secretary of the Navy,
under the direction of the President of
the United States, according to the fol
lowing rule, to- wit: The first. class shall
be called after the States of the Union;
those of the second class after the rivers
and those of the third class after the prin
cipal cfllesand towns, taking care that no
two vessels in the navy have the same
name."! ? ¦
This rule was~followed up to and after
the Civil "War, but since the inception of
the new navy the names of rivers have
been dropped and those" of the larger
cities* bestowed upon cruisers such as the
New York and the Brooklyn. ' \
YARDS SHOULD ALL
BUILD WARSHIPS
Naval Shore Stations Are
Equal in Rank to Pri
vate Concerns.
The increase of the "shore establish
ments of the navy has more than kept
pace with the growth of the material
afloat, and the sums Asked for the im
provement and maintenance of the shore
stations are yearly Increasing at a rate
that Is likely tp- cause Congress -.to con
sider the advisability of limiting the de
velopment to the most important.. The
Navy Department now . controls no less
than thirty-five" navy yards, naval sta
tions and coal depots, -and several more
of the' latter *have been recommended, in
addition to a naval station at Charleston
in lieu of Port Royal, which -latter is to
be abandoned. Of tins multitude of naval
establishments ashore only ten have facil
ities, of more or Ies3 extent, to build and
repair ships, of which the most prominent
are Brooklyn, Norfolk, Mare Island, Bos
ton, League Island and Portsmouth.. Vast
sums have .been expended on permanent
improvements and plants at these yards
during the'last fifteen years. and their fa
cilities are up-to-date, but at the same
time money has been wasted in building
up other stations of no other than polit
ical utility for years to come. "Modern
ship yards require millions of money to
make them really useful and the appro
priations have been divided among too
many, objects when better results would
have followed by putting, a few yards in
firsto-class condition.
The only navy yard on the Pacific Coast
—Mare Island— is beyond doubt admirably
located, considering its strategic andeco
nomlc points, and no other navy yard in
the country compares with it in pictur
esqueness, extent and future, possibilities.
Years ago naval officers were reluctant to
serve at the station, it being considered
as punishment and exile, but with ! the
elimination of political chicanery, the in
troduction of civil service reform and con
sequent improvement in the public service
Mare Island Is eagerly sought for, by offi
cers as a relaxation from the sweltering
summer and rigid winter of the Atlantic
seaboard States. >r_ \
The changed methods In navy yard ad
ministration have likewise had a, bene
ficial effect upon the city of Vallejo, the
home of the Mare Island workman. Its
population has increased about 50 per
cent during the* last decade, large num
bers of attractive homes have been built
and the brief spasmodic periods of activ
ity in the yard, with consequent precari-
MONTANA SMELTING
CONCERNS ARE CLOSED
ous existence of mechanics and laborers,
have passed Into history. There Is now
steady employment for an average force
of 1600 men, resulting in a training? of
bona fide mechanics, whose services are
of benefit to the State and the country at
large, and there ia no other navy yard
town- in the United States showing ao
good results as the Government expendl
tures~at Mare Island. The importance of
that yard was plainly shown during the
late war, when It stood Second In the
amount of money expended upon repairs
of vessels, the figures being: New York,
$917,797; Mare Island, $552,564; Norfolk,
$465,916. The bureau of construction ex
pended from March, 1838, to July 1, 1S90,
$1,407,633 In fitting Out vessels for commis
sion and on repairs and alterations of
ships at the three yards above mentioned,
distributed as followa: Mare Island, $683.
362; Norfolk. $487,824; New York. $236,447.
The utility and Importance of Mare Isl
and has been demonstrated time and
again, its reputation for good and eco
nomical work has been established, and
the only excuse advanced for not pushing
its completion toward a real first class
yard has been the somewhat vague asser
tion that its approaches lacked sufficient
depth to allow battleships and other deep
draught vessels to proceed with safety to
the yard. In view of the fact that ships
drawing 28 feet/are- almost daily passing
to end from Port Costa, and that coal
laden vessels drawing 27 feet have dis
charged cargo at Mare Island, it would
seem that the Oregon and Iowa, drawing
less than 24 feet, should have no difficulty
in going to the yard. Besides, dreuglng
has been in. progress over the shoals com
plained of. and the reasons for not send
ing these ships to Mare Island, where
they could be repaired at less cost than
at a private yard, is probably due to the
efforts of contractors and to the reluc
tance of officers to forego the superior
social and other attractions of San Fran
cisco for those of Vallejo and the re
straint from the commanding officer of
the navy yard. , -
Tho contractors have practically monop
olized the construction of the new navy,
which has thus far resulted in building
up Important industries, but the time ia
approaching when It would be economy
on the part of the Government to utilize
its costly plants for building ships. Thera
is no reasonable excuse whatever for giv
ing out repair work by contract, for the
navy yards can do it better and cheaper
than a private yard. On two occasions of
recent years Mare Island has done new
work at 50 per cent le3S cost than demand
ed by a San Francisco firm, the 100-ton
shears and the new caisson at Mare Isl
and being the objects referred to. Then,
again, there is not a vessel built by con
tract which has been delivered when due,
not a dollar has been collected by the
Government of the penalties forfeited by
failure of contract stipulations, while on
the other hand several millions in pre
miums have been paid and there are- now
claims against the Government for about
three million dollars alleged to be due to
contractors, which will no' doubt be paid.
These incidentals added to the original
contract cost would more than wipe out
thty assumed greater cost of navy yard
work, and as the great contracting firms
of the country have reaped a harvest in
I»rior contracts and become self-support
ing It would be good business and policy
on the part of Congress to let the navy
yards get a share of future navy building
and so allow the money to get into the
hands of mechanics and others without
the intermediary middleman.
It is no doubt a part of the programme
of contractors so to divide the appropria
tions of Congress as will give them an in-*
definite control of navy building, and to
that end money is expended upon a num
ber of stations, none of them receiving
any permanent benefit and none of the
yards making any appreciable advance
toward becoming national workshops. It
is this policy which has created such em
bryo naval stations as Port Orchard, Port
Royal and other money absorbers, naval
stations by name only.
4
Nerves Need Ft*el
To feed the vital fires or they loae^the power" to regulate and
/tontrol the .body. Unnatural stimulants won't dou % Like an tir
blast on dying embers they- cause a sudden flash of heat— their
all is dead. Give the nerves plenty of fuel, • and the worry" and
fretting, the headaches, the nervousness, loss of 'sleep, deranged
digestion, neuralgia, rheumatism and heart troubles, that burn tsp
the brain substance and' destroy the nerve-force, will disappear 1
forever. -Don't wait, till the fires are burned out. /Begin now* ".
y "I was so nerrous and restless" that I. cotild get \
little sleep, and the headaches -were something dread fuL
Pains would start In the temples and travel down that -
chords at the back" of my neck to chest and arms..- ; *Doo»
- tors gave no relief, but Dr. Miles* Nervine cured me.*
";rH^'*A^'H r WxBacAK > 'QerxnaiiTaIle7/-Ill&
{ : . creates a good appetite, stimulates digestion; quiets nerv-
\.:A ¦•> .- ous^rritaWon, gives refreshing sleep and sends plenty 5
fresh blood to the furnaces of the brain and. nerves,
V^Wjby druggists on guarantee. Db- Milw i MhmSal Ox. EKcnart. I»£ 'LATEV WIFE OF SECRETARY
OF -THE UNITED STATES
TREASURY.
. The smallest coin now current In Eu
rope is the Greek lepton. It Is worth one
tenth of a penny.
LONDON. May 18.— "The Shah of Per
sia is dying of kidney dlsease/1 says a
dispatch from Tiflls to the Daily Express.
"The malady has progressed too far to
permit him to make the Intended visit to
Contrexeville. It is expected that his
death will be the signal for a Russian
coup In Persia."
Says Shah Is Dying.
have, been concluded with the United
States by which the latter acquires the
Danish "West Indies.- The purchase price
settled upon is 54,000,000. The Danes are to
trade under the same tariff as the Ameri
cans. . r -i.->"j
ALI/EGED PURCHASE
OF -DANISH WEST INDIES
United States Reported to Have Ac
' , quired Islands for Four
. . Millions.
NEW YORK, May 17.— A Journal spe
cial from Copenhagen says: Negotiations
Man Arrested in New York City Is
Supposed to Bo Dick
¦ . . Davis. - . x
NEW YORK, May 17.— A man giving his
name as George Wilson, his occupation as
that of a clerk and his residence as«thls
city, was arrested at the Herald Square
Hotel to-night and charged with being a
susiricious person.
According to the police. Wilson is really
Dick Davis, a well-known Western crook,
prominent . in San . Francisco, and who,
eight years ago, made a $5000 haul In a
silk robbery near Portland, Or.
POLICE SUSPECT HIM
OF BEING A CEO OK
"M. de Glers, I learn, recently proposed
to LI Hung Chang," says the Tokio cor
respondent of the Times, wlrlns yester
day, "that Russia should guarantee the
whole indemnity In return for important
political concessions. It is understood! that
Earl Li replied that such a proposal
would be liable to the same misrepresen
tations as prevailed at Sianf u over his
own advice respecting the Manehurian
convention, but that when the court re
turned to Peking he hoped to restore inti
mate relations between China and Ru.v
sla." •- '—.:-." ..
LONDON, May IS.— The Press Associa
tion has the following- statement: "It was
asserted in the city last night that a Chi
nese loan of £6,000,000, with an interna
tional guarantee, has been practically ¦ ar
ranged, to be issued as soon as political
affairs In China settle down." ! .
PARIS, May 17.— An official dispatch re
ceived here announces that the Chinese
peace plenipotentiaries have agreed to tlie
demands of the Dowers for concessions to
be used for legation sites.
mands of Powers.
Have Offered to Grant De-
Peace Plenipotentiaries Reported to
CHINA WILL CONCEDE
SITES FOB. LEGATIONS
"Wlthln sixty days probably details of
their great railroad combination will be
mate public. The announcement will
startle the financial world. The combina
tions of Morgan and Hill will be pigmies
In comparison. The World is able to state
on the authority of a broker close to the
syndicate that the combination will con
sist of all the. powerful roads in the Mid
dle "West, with the exception of the Bur
lington, Great Northern and Northern
Pacific.
Rockefeller's plan contemplates the es
tablishment of a through line from New
York to -San Francisco. It will be com
posed of the Delaware, Lackawanna and
Western, "Wabash. Missouri Pacific. Den
ver and Rio Grande, Rio Grande Western
and Central Pacific. These roads. In com
bination-with the vast system of Eastern
roads under Rockefeller's control, will act
In conjunction and as feeders for the At
lantic and Pacific Air Line, aa the Rocke
feller transcontinental road will probably
be known. It is said that the aim of the
new road Is to reduce the time between
New .York and San Francisco by from
twelve to fourteen hours.
NEW YORK. May 17.— The "World says
that it Is stated upon very high authority
that Rockefeller Is the real power behind
tne ~ Harriman-Kuhn-Loeb syndicate,
which has won such a great victory from
the Morgan forces. In co-operation with
Rockefeller, and working- In close har
mony with him, are the Deutsche Bank of
Berlin, Georg-e Gould and "William K.
Vanderbllt. >.f--
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Giant Power Is Behind
# the Harriman-Kuhn
* Loeb Syndicate.
RAILROADS GO
TO ROCKEFELLER
"I am also for Thomas Flint for Gov
ernor because of my long and intimate
personal friendship for him in and out of
the State Senate, over which body he has
presided for four successive terms."
Senator Bulla does not know, he says,
whether Thomas Flint will be an active
candidate for the Republican gubernato
rial nomination. He believes, however,
that at the proper time Flint will formal
ly announce his candidacy, and bases that
opinion upon certain occurrences that
transpired while he was Senator.
Several of Senator Bulla's friends, seen
to-day, gave it unreservedly as their
opinion that the Los Angeles delegation
will next year contain a large anti-Gage
element, although not a man interviewed
was willing to prognosticate that the big
end of the local delegation could be con
trolled by Senator Flint or any candidate
for Governor other than the incumbent.
'. "Secondly, I am for Senator Flint be
cause of a personal confidence In his abil
ity to discharge the duties of the Gov
ernor's office in a manner satisfactory to
the people of every part of the State.
"Thirdly, I am for Tom Flint because of
my. belief that through his Intimate
knowledge of the politics* of the State he
will do more to remove all factional feel-
Ing in the Republican party than any
other one man In California.
"I am for Tom Flint for Governor for
several reasons," remarked Senator Bulla
to-day, "among them being the fact that
I have an intimate personal knowledge of
Senator Flint's thorough acquaintance
with the needs of the State government In
every department. .
.LOS ANGELES, May 17.— That consid
erable opposition to Governor Gage's re
nomination is developing In his home city
can no longer be doubted. Just how se
rious the anti-Gage feeling really is may
be best understood when It is explained
that ex-State Senator Robert N. Bulla
has come out openly for the nomination of
Senator Flint.
Taking Shape in the
South.
BULLA FAVORS
SENATOR FLINT
»
Anti-Gage Movement Is
. From Servia came all kinds of rumors.
According to one 'story a revolution Is
LONDON, May 18.— A remarkable state
of affairs of the Servian royal family was
revealed by official telegrams from Bel
grade to-day. The Vienna newspapers In
February announced the accouchement
of Queen Dragha, who was married
August 5, 1900. This was shown to be un
true. Recently the same papers reported
that she was about to be confined. As the
Czar was one of the attesting witnesses
of the marriage, he sent a special Russian
envoy to Investigate th% strange affair.
The envoy summoned a trio of Russian
and French specialists, who declared the
Queen was not enclente. and an official
notification to this effect was sent to the
diplomatic corps.
The diagnosis of the doctors, however,
does not seem to have satisfied the royal
family and two specialists have been sum
moned from Vienna and Bucharest to re
port on the case. Costly gifts have been
pouring Into Belgrade from the people of
Servla in anticipation of the expected
event. The city of Nisch presented to the
royal couple a beautiful cradle.
' Scandal Becomes Inexplicable.
The Servian scandal becomes still more
Inexplicable. According to the Vienna cor
respondent . of the Daily Telegraph the
doctors attending Queen Dragha have is
sued a bulletin declaring that "the case is
peculiar, and it Is not impossible that the
Queen is only in the fourth month of her
pregnancy." '. v
The Vienna papers last night reported
that Queen Dragha was seriously ill, with
several physicians in consultation, and
that the case would require protracted
treatment.
The foreign explanation of the situation
In the Servian royal family may be regard
ed as authentic. The physicians have
presented a written statement, according
to which there is no immediate prospect
of, Queen Dragha's accouchement. She la
"certainly not in an advanced stage of
pregnancy, such as would have been tho
case had the opinion given last September
by Dr. Coulet. the French physician, been
correct. The physicians* proceed to ex
plain that Dr. Coulet may have been cor
rect, but that the natural progress of
pregnancy may have been subsequently
Interrupted.- ;-:-•;
In conclusion, they say that the Queen's
present position Is in no way disquieting,
either with regard to her health or physi
cal constitution, and that consequently
there Is no reason why she should not
eventually become a mother.
VIENNA. May 18.— The semi-official
Frembenblatt. In an inspired communi
que, attributes the disappointment the so
called "fausse grossesse" and declares
that -there is no ground for crediting the
rumor accusing Queen Dragha of willful
deception.
Statement of Physicians.
The greatest indication has been
aroused in Belgrade by reports that Queen
Dragha failed in a deliberate attempt to
foist upon the King the child of her sla
ter as her own.
Imminent and Russian agents are Inciting
the population against the Obrenovics
dynasty.
According to another report King Alex
ander Is said to be furiously angry, and If
he Is able to prove that the Queen, in
stead of being, as is alleged, a victim to
hysteria, has Intentionally deceived him.
he will divorce and banish her from the
country and possibly will himself abdi
cate.
Dearest Friends, Succumbs to Heart -Trouble, the Result 6i
Grip — Death Ends Severe Suffering Attendant on Her Sickness
¦ ¦ - o _ ¦ . • - ¦ • ¦ -
Wife of the Secretary of the Treasury, One of - Mrs. McKinley 's
Family Causes Some Conflicting Stories
of Abdication, Divorce and. Revolution
Remarkable Scandal in the Servian Royal
QUEEN DRAGHA ACCUSED
OF A BASE DECEPTION
MRS. LYMAN J. GAGE PASSES AWAY
AFTER BRIEF ILLNESS AT CAPITAL
LAREDO, Tex., May 17.— Major J. . S.
Penn. proprietor of tne Dally Times,-to
day mortally wounded W. R. Pace of this
city, vice president of the Texas - Real
Estate Company. He then killed himself.
He was undoubtedly laboring under a fit
of recurring insanity. : The deceased was
a brother-in-law of the late Governor Ire-
Commits Murder and Suicide.
The Santa Fe will run their splendid steam
er San Pablo to the launching of the.battle
ship Ohio on Saturday. May 18/ -¦. ¦ -
She will leave Market-st. ferry] at 11:15 a.
m and return after the launching.- Tickets,
50c for round trip, at Santa Fe Ticket Office,
Market-st. . terry. . ' ' ¦ , . • :
San Pablo to the Launching.
Kirk Stanley resided with his wife and
child, a little girl, at the Hotel Savoy, in
th:s city, for nearly.a year. He registered
at the hotel. In tho early part of 189S, and
did not leave until the. commencement of
the following year. While at the hotel' he
always conducted In the most
gentlemanly manner, and had numerous
friends. He claimed to be a doctor, and
during the time he lived at the hotel he
had in his charge a patient named Jex.
Had Jex in This City.
WASHINGTON, May 17.— The executive
board of the National Association of Ma
chinists assembled here this afternoon to
be prepared for any emergency In con
nection with the threatened general strike
and also to prepare the report to the
biennial convention at Toronto on Juno;
3. The board consists of representatives
from Boston, New York, Chicago, To
ronto and Sioux City. They will act In
both advisory and Judicial capacities dur
ing the threatened strike and will be in'
readiness to send out \ men to various
cities where executive officers may be
needed to manage the local situation.
President O'Connell said there was.no
possibility of averting the general strike.
From the statements of the executive
board it develops that the greater trouble
is expected at Cincinnati, San Francisco
and the Northern Pacific Coast cities." J;
J. Donnelly, the Boston representative on
the board, says there will be very little
trouble In New England. Hugh Doran of
Chicago says there will not be over 500
men on strike there. "We have just ad-
Justed the trouble there with the Illinois
Central Railroad," he added, "and a uni
form rate of 25 cents an hour will be made
throughout the system for machinists and
an Increase of 6 per cent in wages of all
other shop employes." P. J. Colton, the
Sioux City member of the board, says the
Union Iron Works and the Fulton Iron
Works in San Francisco doubtless will re
sist the demands.
As a result of ; the meeting of the gen-
In " the settlement of . the miners' strike
of last year is still fresh In the minds of
the public. -^ : ---
.- Burglars • recently broke into a store at
Centerville, Mo., but-.did,,not ; take 'any
thing. The storekeeper at once advertised
lavishly, r stating his prices- were so How
it\would not:- pay. anyone - to ' steal'' his
goods. •
..OROyiLLE, May 17.-James Wheelock,
who has been on '. trial 'for four ; days,'
charged with the • murder of Mrs: Emily
Martin at Coutolence on March- 3," was to
day found guilty.: of murder ¦ in the first
degree. - There was no recommendation of
mercy.: . ¦ ¦. i~, ""~.\" :' • .. ;¦';;.-; ; -.-
James Wieelock to Hang.
PHILADELPHIA, . May ; 17.— George B.
Whitney,' former manager in this city for
the Morris Feef Company of Chicago, has
been arrested and charged with embezzle
ment. Auditor Dougherty of the Chicago
office is examining the books and • says < a
shortage of over $10,000 has been discov
ered. Whitney made a«full confession and
was sent to jail in default of 14000 bail.
Thousand Dollars.
Arrested for Stealing Ten
Former Manager of a Chicago Firm
ADMTTS HE , IS GUILTY
OF ; LARGE EMBEZZLEMENT
land and was well known throughout the
West. .'
To the uninitiated a few ¦ words explanatory,
of the position the machinist occupies in the
domain of productive labor and in connection
with a shorter work day may not be out of
place. •
Owing to the peculiar nature of our trade
and the . great Inroads made i Into it by • the
introduction of more perfect machinery a great
deal more :1s now produced than ever.\ This
increased production continues to Increase with
the succeeding years, but In spite of . this no
material or permanent increase in wages has
been sscured by the man who manipulates the
More than a quarter of a century ago our
brother craftsmen in Great Britain secured a
nine-hour day, and it Is conceded by all manu
facturing machinists who have given the ques
tion the least study that the American ma
chinist produces more per diem, even on an eight
hour-day basis, than does his brother crafts
man in that country. Such being the - case It
Is eminently proper and strictly In accord with
the spirit of the times that the machinists of
the United States, Canada and Mexico should
make a concerted movement In the same direc
tion. The time has come, the moment is ripe,
and the demand Is now made. - -
eral officers, the following address to the
craft was • drafted and made public to
night: \ . .- . . • ' • ••
In the majority of crafts— both skilled and
the so-called unskilled— the effort for shorter
hours has been uniformly successful, and they
have for a number of years enjoyed the pleas
ures that come with greater leisure. Machin
ists, owing to the fact of their Isolation in the
past from the labor movements, have not en
joyed this right and privilege until now, after
a decade . of education, and they have ton-,
eluded that the time has arrived when they,
too,- should share in the same enjoyments. In
reaching this conclusion and in seeking similar
favors they know they are not stretching their
demands beyond the bounds of reason or seek
ing something to which they have ¦ no valid
claim. . ¦'.'¦'¦',
machine. He produces more but receives no
more than he did formerly. Now. the demand
is made for a fair share of what we produce
by shortening the work day by one hour with
out any decrease in pay. '
-This demand is not made without due warn
ing. Twelve months ago notice was served on
the manufacturers of the United States that
on Monday, May 20, 1901, . the International
Association of Machinists would demand a
nine-hour day, and that If the demand was
not granted Its members and those in sym
pathy with them would suspend labor until
the demand was granted. . We ¦ do not advo
cate a strike, with all the attendant mistakes
of the pant, but merely a peaceful cessation of
labor until we can start work on a nine-hour
day basis. We appeal to our fellow craftsmen
to j rally with us in this effort to elevate— our
manhood, to • improve our minds. to
purify our" bodies and our lives, t*
make us exemplary citizens, ". t» make
our homes more homelike with our pres
ence and to show the world that we, too, have
aspirations a I "little higher than the brutes
and scarcely lower than the angels." -¦^'•1
Serious Trouble Is Expected; in Cincinnati and Far Western
Cities 'When the Men Leave Positions.
THOUSANDS OF THE MACHINISTS
READY FOR THE GENERAL STRIKE
MESSAGES OF CONDOLENCE.
asked to come to Washington to conduct
the funeral services here.
During their residence In Washington
Secretary and Mrs. Gage have taken quite
an active part In social life at the capital.
Mrs. Gage was a woman of charming per
sonality and with her husband delighted
In extending the hospitality of their ele
gant home on Massachusetts avenue. Mrs.
• Gage was probably " closer to Mrs. Mc-
Klnlev than any other of- the ladles of
the Cabinet.
\f \T WASHINGTON, May 17.-Mrs.
Vl i\ / Lyman J. Gage, wife of the
\V \V Secretary of the Treasury,
V V died at her . residence, 1715
Massachusetts avenue, North
west, at S:30 o'clock to-night, after an ill
ness of nine weeks' duration. With her
when the end came were her husband,
her married daughter, Mrs. E. F. Pierce
of Evanston, 111., and Dr. W. W. Johns- .
ton, the attending physician. For a time
before her death Mrs. . Gage . suffered
much pain, but she maintained her bright
and cheerful demeanor and was conscious
to the last. ¦ ¦ .
• Heart trouble, the result of grip com
plications, was the immediate cause of '
death. Mrs. Gage was exposed to the
Inclement weather for about an hour on <
Inauguration day, but at the time her 1
health did not seem to have been affect- i
ed. On the 11th of March she left here 1
for Evanston to visit her daughter. While 1
there- she experienced a chill and took to <
her bed, but soon recovered sufficiently 1
to return to Washington, where she had i
been confined to her room ever since.
Mrs. Gage was a native of Albany, N. i
Y., and 58 years of age. She was married 1
to Secretary Gage in Denver in 18S7. ]
There were no children from their <
union, Mrs. Pierce being a child 1
by a former husband. The re- :
mains will be interred in Rose Hill Cem-
etery, near Chicago. Further than this
the funeral services have not been ar
ranged. It Is probable, however, that re
ligious services of a simple character will
be held at her former residence In this
city on Sunday morning. In which event
the body will leave here by the morning
train for Chicago.
Mrs. Gage was an Episcopalian in her
religious belief, but during their residence
here she and the Secretary have had a
pew in the Metropolitan Methodist Epis
copal Church, where the President at
tends. Dr. Hillls of Plymouth Church,
Brooklyn, Is an intimate friend of.tfie
family and it is possible that he may be
President and Cabinet Members Send
• Telegrams to Secretary Gage.
President McKlnley late yesterday af-.
terrioon received a telegram from Secre
tary Gage stating that Mrs. Gage was
most dangerously 111. Later Secretary Hay
received a telegram Informing: him of the
death of Mrs. Gage, and he at once noti
fied the President. Other members of tho
Cabinet soon after received telegrams
Informing them of the sad news.
President McKlnley sent a telegram of
condolence to Secretary Gage, In which
he expressed the deepest sympathy. The
Cabinet officers also sent 'dispatches of
condolence. One telegram was sent signed
by all \he members of the Cabinet at pres
ent In this city, as well as each sending
> one individually. -
Father Phillips was pastor of St. Ga
briel's Chi-rch, this city. . He was Born In
1851 at Hawley, Wayne County, Pa.,
where his father worked in the mines. He
attended the public schools at Pittston
Pa., and finished his studies at St.
Charles College. Elllcott City, Md.,'and St
Charles Theological Seminary, Philadel
phia. He was chained to the priesthood
In 1875. He was located *!n various parts
of the Scranton diocese, coming to Hazel
ton four years ago. Recently the twenty
fifth anniversary of his elevation to the
priesthood was celebrated here, and a
large number of priests and Catholic dig
nitaries from the surrounding country
came to Hazelton. to do him honor
- Father Phillips was a prominent mem
ber of; the Ancient Order of Hibernians
and the Elks lodge of this city. He took
an active part in settling the Hibernians'
difficulties . a few years ago. He was a
strong temperance advocate, a»d his in
fluence with the men of all nationalities
who made up the population of the an
thracite region .Is recognized by miners
and mine owners alike. -His participation
HAZELTON, Pa.. May 17.— Father Phil
lips had been away from Hazelton about
two weeks on a vacation. During his ab
sence he Is said to have attended the.cer
emonies Incident to the elevation of Mgr.
Martinslll to the rank of Cardinal.
Work in the Coal Fields.
Father Phillips Did Much ' Noble
Stanley had a good-sized account at the
California Bank in this city. He had a
number of drafts for large amounts sent
to him from the East during his stay
here. The account was closed two years
ago.
TBTJE FRIEND OF THE MINERS.
Stanley was a heavy drinker, a fre
quenter of dissolute resorts and he
dressed to the limit of ultra-fashionable
demands. Always supplied with money,
he cut a dash into the inner, circle of
sportdom on the east side of the bay.
Withal.. however: he was never known to
talk of his past except in a most gen
eral way. After his sprees he would call
in physicians and to them Stanley said
he had come from the East with an In
sane patient, member of a wealthy New
York family, whose people were paying
liberally rather than have their relative
sent to an asylum or sanitarium. ¦
Their child was a girl then about 8 years old.
She was In a private seminary during their
stay here. Stanley left the Lome ana went
to the Colonial at Eighth and Castro streets,
and later removed to Alameda. Finally the
party went to San- Francisco and that is the
last I heard of them.
Jax was always accompanied during "his
daily walks by an attendant who saw to it
that no one conversed with his ward. The
night we visited the rooms Jax seemed to be
laboring- under some extraordinary Influence,
yet he talked rationally and did not seem at
all desirous of leaving: the Stanleys.
Stanley and his wife told contradictory sto
ries concerning their connection with their
mysterious patient. Mrs. Stanley told us that
they were receiving $500 a month from his
mother to care for Jax. who was afflicted
with an incurable malady. Stanley said he
received only a small fee for the care of the
patient, but had ample Income of his own.
We found that the man that Stanley had
with him gave the name of Willis Jex. At
least this was the only name we ever eot
save that of Willis Jax, which Mrs. Stanley
said was correct. We went to the roomg at
the . Lome where they were staying-, and I
Bha.ll never forget the scene. Stanley un
doubtedly had some sort of Influence over his
patient. Chief Lloyd. City Attorney Dow, Dr
Mayon, then health officer, and myself, went
together one night about midnight. Stanley
received us, and after making known our
business he consented to usher us Into the
bedroom which his patient occupied.
In bed I saw a man about 40 years of age
rather dark, of medium size, with full, dark
beard. He conversed freely with us and said
he had been under Stanley's care for twelve
years. Jax was perfectly satisfied and con
tent with his position and there was nothing
he would complain about. After we departed
and held a consultation I was detailed to make
further investigation, but after many days
of work the department never secured evi
dence which would -warrant us in making an
arrest. Still we were satisfied that all was
not rijrht and that this 'Willis Jax was under
the undue influence of Stanley.
His wife was a demi-blonde, fair as her
husband was dark, tall and of queenly
figure. The pair were an attraction on
the streets.
Chief Lloyd and the present Chief of
Police. St. Clalr Hodgkins, who was then
a detective, went to work upon the case
Here Is Chief Hodgrkins' story of the
results:
The party hailed from New York. They
remained at the hotel five days and then
departed, taking apartments at the
Lyorne, a fashionable boarding-house on
Eighth street, west of Clay. It was a
few months later that the then Chief of
Police Charles E. ijovd received advices
from Isew York requesting information
about one John Houston, a wealthy East
erner, who was under the hypnotic con
trol of Dr. Stanley and his wife. It was
said that the Stanleys had been drugging
and mesmerizing their patient.
Before that Stanley had become a well
known figure about town because of his
striking presence and the remarkable
beauty of his wife. The doctor was
above, six feet In height, slender, with
Jet black hair and full black beard. With
square forehead, prominent nose and long
thin fingers, he was a very Svengali in
the real. There was a peculiar pallor in
his complexion, in striking contrast to
the beard of black and thick hair that
covered his head and face.
The career of Stanley began in Oakland
December 7, 1896, when he appeared at
the Hotel Crellin, where he registered his
party as follows:
Dr. K. Stanley, wife and child.
Mr. W. Jex and servant.
The story from Xew York recalls the
mysterious patient whom Stanley and his
wife guarded In this city with most jeal
ous care. It brings back to the minds
of those who were Interested in the in
quiry an uncanny reminder of a myster
ious man who was supposed to have
been either under hypnotic control or of
slow drugging, and was under the abso
lute domination of Stanley. This patient,
according to the information whem came
to the police, was the victim of the "doc
tor, being bled of money by Stanley,
who was reputed to receive $5W) a month
for his care.
OAKLAND. May. 17.— The police author
ities of Oakland are not surprised that
"Dr." Kirk Stanley should be placed in
a suspicious attitude in the case of' the
Rev. Edward S. Phillips in New York.
As much of mystery attended Stanley's
career in Oakland four or five years ago
as now surrounds the New York disclos
ures. That Stanley was not charged with
crime in this city was due to the inabil
ity of the detectives and the other offi
cials to find suffldent evidence to warrant
his arrest. That Stanley and his wife, a
beautiful creature, were not placed be
hind prison bars to account for a strange
occurrence was because the police found
It Impossible to lodge a charge against
the couple. Their extraordinary history
in Oakland has not been effaced from the
recollections of the police officials who
were called upon to investigate their con
duct.
Investigated by Police.
Mysterious Influence Over "Patients"
said that be went In there a number of
times, but never saw the body.
Suspicious Circumstances. •
The odor from the body was noticed by
the neighbors for several days. When
the detectives asked Stanley if he had not
detected it, he said he had and had made
inquiries about it. but thought it came
from a nsh market next door.
The detectives are in possession of a
photograph of the young woman whom
btanley identified as his wife. Kiernan
says that on last Thursday this woman
went to Stanley's house and tried to get
In, but finding it locked went down to the
rooms of Mrs. HIgglns, the Janitress. Mrs.
Higgins suggested that she could take the
duplicate keys and go up into the rooms.
According to Mrs. Higgins, the young wo
™£u threw "P her. hands and exclaimed:
?£.' I , cou } ( * not do that. I would not
& nk .v. of 5° lns U P Into tha t Place alone."
She then left the place hurriedly.
The picture of the young woman shows
her to be a rather good looking young
H « brew girl. Dr. Stanley refuses to toll
who she is. He says he is married, but
declares that his wife is living separately
in California.
?—
CABEEB OF THE STANLEYS.
The police theory so far Is that the
priest died in Stanley's rooms, either aftor
having been drugged for robbery or sim
ilarly as a result of intoxication and ex
citement, and that Stanley was afraid to
notify the authorities, putting it off from
day to day. The body was found in such
a position, they 6ay, as to make it look as
If it had been carried into the room where
It was found from the larger adjo'-ilng
room, and there laid out. Detective Ser
geant Kiernan reported to Captain Titus
the statements made by Dr. Stanley and
the results of his investigations. Stanley,
he 'said, admitted he used mornhine. He
told: Kiernan that he himself put the bed
clothing from the window of the room in
which the priest was . found dead . before
he went away Thursday morning:." There
Is a pas jet in the room adjoining the one
in which the body was found. Kiernan
says that the light from this £hin?« di
rectly into the smaller room, and that It
would be impossible for any . person to
have gone Into the room, even at nisht,
without discovering the body. The doctor
A complete autopsy . was made by Dr.*
OHar.Ion, and it shows no marks of violence,
no fracture of any kind and no hemorrhage of
the brain. The conditions of the organs of
the body would indicate that death was due to
chronic nephritis and fatty liver. There was
eViouf a dram of dark fluid found in the
stomach, the character of which cannot be de
termined except by chemical analysis. Owing
to the suspicious circumstances attached to the
cas-.f It was deemed reasonably Just that a
chemical analypis should be made of the or
gans, -which will be sent to Professor Witthaus.
The matter now rests with the District Attor
ney and a. Justice of the Supreme Court to
determine whether that analysis shall be made.
Without their sanction it cannot be made.
•"How do you explain the pool of Wood?" the
Coroner was asked.
"That the doctor explains in this -way: The
body lying in a horizontal position enabled
tho pases which accumulated from decomposi
tion to force the blood through the mouth and
it trickled down to the floor."
Dr. O'Hanlon said:
The autopsy showed that the man suffered
from chronic Bright' s disease, fatty liver and
fatty heart. '«ny of which would have been
sufficient 10 cause death. Of course he might
liave been given a hot bath and might have
been smothered. There were no signs of alco
holism in the stomach. •
Assistant District Attorney Garvan said
that he agreed with Coroner Bausch that
an analysis of the vital organs should be
made and said the District Attorney's of
fice would authorize an analysis. The
Coroner gave a permit for the removal of
the "body from the morgue to an under
taking establishment. Coroner Bausch
paid in relation to the missing- watch that
he was informed by H. H. McAnlff of
Wilkesbarre, Pa., the brother-in-law of
the priest, that the clergyman was seen
with his watch chain hanging out on the
night he was last seen alive at the Cen
tral Hotel, and that he believed the watch
was, taker, by pickpockets.
Father Phillips' friends salfi the body
probably would be shipped to the priest's
late home to-morrow. They expect to
make a lengrthy explanation of the priest's
acts. up to May 9. the day on which he is
supposed to have met his death. It was
learnt*! this afternoon that in addition to
the property already enumerated, as hav
ing- been, in his possession there was a
fjold pen and pencil, a silver glove but
toner and a silver Crucifix of the Holy
Cross Society, which has a branch in this
city.
Had Been. Drugged for Hobbery.
At the conclusion of the autopsy Cor
orne'r Bausch said:
In a talk with Coroner Bausch. Stanley
had said he met Phillips on the street,
talking with two girls: that he joined the
I>arty and invited them to his rooms; that
while there they all drank until the girls
left, and that afterward he and Phillips
were sick, but recovered after taking
some medicine that Phillips had with him.
¦'Do you know the names of the two
jcirls you say you and the priest brought
to your rooms on the morning of May
S?" the reporter asked Stanley.
"I do not, and I don't think I would
recognize them were I to see them again."
•'The police say the woman who lived
with you as your wife brought the priest
there that morning."
"That's a lie." he cried, excitedly. "She
was not there that day at all. We had
quarreled."
Result of an Autopsy.
The bodj' of Father Phillips was re
moved to the Morgue. Dr. A. F. Dougrh
rrty of 'Wllkesbarre, Pa., who says be Js
a nephew of the priest, identified the
body. He said Father Phillips had come
to the city to buy come statuary for his
church.
Coroner Bausch committed Stanley to
the Tombs in default of $10,000 ball to
await the result of the autopsy.
Stanley, in an interview with a reporter,
said:
"This Is terrible. I thought I had been
arrested for a debt of }8 I owed a Mrs.
Goldstein. I did not know the body of
the priest was in my room."
Identified by a Nephew.
Police Captain Donohue, after examin
ing the body, the rooms and effects of the
dead man. sent out a general alarm for
the apprehension of Stanley.
Shortly after midnight Stanley was seen
walking through Fiftieth street. "When he
came near to the corner of Ninth avenue,
half a block from his apartments, he
stopped. A policeman saw him. Stanley
caw the policeman at the same moment
and at once turned and walked rapidly
through Fiftieth street toward Eighth
aven,ue. The policeman ran after him and
touched him on the shoulder. He said the
captain desired to see him. Stanley ac
companied the policeman, and when he
reached the station-house was taken at
once to Captain Donohue's private office.
He and the captain were closeted together
for more than an hour. The captain then
took* Stanley before Sergeant Shible and
told the sergeant to lo$k him up.
The prisoner seemed to be suffering
from the effects of drink or drugs. His
manner was that of a man who was badly
dazed. He said his name was Kirk Stan
ley and that he had come to this city
abou,t a year and a half ago. He Bald
they called him a doctor, but he had no
diploma. He was a massage operator and
intended to open an office here.
Captain Donohue was reticent In dis
cussing the case. All that he would say
¦was ; that the prisoner had made conflict-
Ing statements. He had denied knowing
the man whose body was found In his
rooms and said he had never seen him
before and that he did not know there
was a body there until told by the police.
Stanley was arraigned in the Police
Court and was remanded to the custody
of the Coroner. He refused to make any
statement In court.
Arrest of Stanley.
Mrs. Bernius, from whom Stanley
leased four rooms, in one of which the
body] was found, says that her tenant
claimed to be from San Francisco and
called himself "Dr. Stanley." He was ac
companied by a young woman whom he
Introduced as his wife. The body was dis
covered by Mrs. Bernius* daughter, who
went Into Stanley's apartments to remove
some beddine which was hanging out of
the window. The police were immediately
notified, and a search of the body dis
closed a number of papers. Among them
was a letter from John Mitchell, presi
dent of the United Mine Workers, and
addressed to Rev. Dr. Edward S. Phillips,
Hazelton. Pa. There were also several
telegrams from Mitchell addressed to the
priest, a half-fare railway coupon such
as is issued to clergymen and several re
ceipts made out in Dr. Phillips' name.
It was made public for the first time
after the identification of the body that
two confidential alarms had been sent out
by Captain of Detectives Titus for Phil
lips, who, according to this information,
had been missing from his home in Hazel
ton since April 2S. The first alarm was
sent out May 8 and the second yesterday,
and detectives from the central office have
been quietly searching the hotels and hos
pitals in this city for the missing clergy
man.
Kirk Stanley, a massage operator, in
who£e rooms the body was found, is un
der arrest as a suspicious person. The
police believe that Father Phillips was
drug-ged and robbed.
NEW YORK, May 17.-The body of a
man found lafe last night in a house on
Ninth avenue has been identified as that
of the Rev. Edward S. Phillips of St. Ga
briel's Church. Hazelton. Pa., who recent
ly had a conference with J. P. Morgan
in reference to the threatened strike in
the iron and coal regions of Pennsylvania.
New York Police Believe the Noted Priest
Was Drugged and Robbed— Chemical
Analysis Necessary to Solve the Mystery
FATHER PHILLIPS DIES
IN "DR." STANLEY'S ROOM
TttJtG SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 18, 1901.
5
Special Dispatch to The CalJ.
eR9& I JfcjT Y*Tv II I am » 9 grateful to you for your valuable medicine. Wine of Cardui. it is wonderful J&7
DEsHB v& i *'*•*! and should be brought to all suffering women. My periods lasted too long. Now they Mm
WaB&? 1 >f<— tfS have become regular and have the right color. The pains are not severe and I am strong. fjia
Wpgr^ m g€Mf% ri The blindness has left me. I feel all risht and I know your medicine has cured me. »a
ILv j^^s. V II There are many more sick women than there are well ones in this city to- l|a
W -V^. \ H , day. The duties which wifehood and motherhood impose too often break the |H
H * • "" H health years before a woman should be past her prime. In thousands of homes Em
nfc*p££jL f ' ,**, * % .**^ii every month brings 'dreadful days spent in suffering the agonies of disordered wl
H^NT^^k^a^ •§! menses. Nature never intended as necessary and important a function as mens- j|i|
H \ 9 -rH truation to be the cause of pain. We say emphatically and positively that this suf- Em
wL \w fp fering can be avoided. There is no excuse for racking menstrual pains when m&L
g\ . \L*|f! W' ne of Cardui, the great natural emmenagogue, will bring a quick cure. «|j
l^^Jr WINEobCAEBUI I
MB^mSSSm/Wi-i' 1 ' regulates the menstrual flow perfectly. It not only banishes the pain but fore- WJ3
V» stalls and cures distressing cases of leucorrhoea. Every woman knows the cutting, burning pains of
B» falling of the womb that shoot through the entire body. Wine of • Cardui has cured a million such li||
||A cases. Thedford's Black-Draught is a valuable laxative made to assist Wine of Cardui by regulating EH
1» f the bowels and invigorating the torpid liver. No woman taking Wine of Cardui and Thedford's Black- fzju
tea Draught has failed of a permanent cure of menstrual troubles when the medicines were used according S|j| '
Em to directions. Read again what Mrs. Garrctt wrote. Your druggist sells Wine of Cardui and Thedford's jfa
Sgi p or advice and literature address, giving B7mptom8, "Th« Ladles' AdTiiory BgM
figf ¦ ' - ¦ -'_¦ Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Co., Ctrattanooga, Teon. ftiltAlready the Eastern States are complaining of what
they call shirt waist weather and; are figuring up. the
amounfof the ice supply. . '"'*.'¦'.
OFFSETS TO EXPORTS.
DADABAHAI NAOROJI, an • East Indian
financier, recently addressed to the Treasury.
Bureau of Statistics the question, "What has
caused so much produce, merchandise^. and specie of
the United States to go out of the" country without
the ordinary corresponding ireturn?" The reply given
by the chief of the bureau, which has just been made
public, reviews facts which are in a'/ general way
familiar to all Americans who have given any study
to commercial topics, but is interesting/because of the
detailed estimates officially made of the various off
sets to the balance of trade in our^fayor. . S
"Until very recently," says the chief'of the bureau,
"the main factors in offsetting American trade bal
ances have been the payment of interest on American
securities held abroad; the payment; of earnings of
foreign capital invested in business enterprises in the
United States; the payment of foreign freights car
ried in foreign vessels, especially freights on goods
imported into the United^States; and the expendi
tures of Americans traveling abroad. Within the last
two or three years, however, three further factors
have apparently been added— the cancellation of
American indebtedness abroad, including a return to
the United States of the railroad and other securities
thus held; the sale of foreign securities in the. United
States,, such as -the German, British arid Russian se
curities which were placed upon the markets here dur
ing the. last year, and in most cases quickly taken to
the amount of probably $100,000,000 in the year; and
the credits which now stand abroad in favor of our
exporters, and which are permitted to so stand be
cause better interest rates could thus be realized than
by insisting upon their immediate payment."
j -In considering the comparative values of the various
factors the chief estimates the amount paid to foreign
vessels as freights on imports at about $50,000,000; in
terest on and earnings of foreign capital, $75,000,000"
! to $100,000,000; " money expended abroad by Amerif
cans, $75,000,000 to $100,000,000; American funds in.-.
i vested in foreign securities in 1900, about $100,000,000;
1 and credits permitted to stand abroad in. 1899 and 1000,^
i each $75,000,000 to $ 100,000,000; to which must ,bV
j added the amount. of pur foreign indebtedness actually
canceled by the return of securities for which no defiv
nite estimate has been made. !.-*;;?
It will be noted that these factors are with one ex^'
ception rapidly diminishing; .The travel -jot inch Ameri-.
cans to Europe will continue, and there; is Vnot-»likely
' "VThen the hair is thin and gray Parker"* Halx
Balsam renews the growth and color. ¦ -
Hlndercorns. the best cure for corns. 15 eta.
Many petty trade-mark pirates trade on repxt
tion of Dr. Sleeert's Angostura Blttsra, ua
equaled South American tonic Refuse i-mn^ti^iy
Shake Into Your Shoes
Allen'BFoot-Ease,a powder. Itmakeatlsfctornanr
shces f e«l easy. Cures Corns. Bunions, Swollen.
Tired. SweatlnK.AcMng feet. 10,000 testimonials.
At all druggists and shoe stores. 25c Aak to-day.
Sample free-A.ddresaAUenS.Ounsted.lreBoyJtT.
During the last ten years thera wert
10 924 requests for citizenship In Switzer
land, of which 7S32 were granted.
Special Information supplied dally t»
business houses and public men by Xtxm
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. .Telephone Main 1043. •
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. 639 Market. Palace Hotel buUdlna.*
CaL giace fruit 60c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Choice .candies, Townsend's. Palace Hotal*
WHEN the speculators in Wall street found
themselves-caught in that famous; lead pipe
cinch that carried' Northern" Pacific stock
out of reach of any one worth less than the Standard
Oil Company or the steel trust one speculator who
had contracted to deliver the stock applied to Judge
Gildersleeve for ari;-in junction, restraining those who
are supposed to have arranged the corner from, en
forcing the contracts. The injunction was granted,
but it* appears it is not to be pressed as the parties
have found means 'of settling the controversy out of
court.
It is to be regretted that the case has been dis
missed, for the trial would have been an interesting
one and might have established a principle of law that
would to some extent restrain the more unscrupulous
activities of the street. The grounds upon which the
application was made were stated by , the counsel for
the plaintiff as follows: "The proceedings were
based on the theory that at the time the plaintiff sojd
Northern Pacific short to defendants the latter knew
that they had a corner on the market and that they
held all the available stock, so that it wcmld be impos
sible for the plaintiff to deliver to them any such
stock, inasmuch as all the stock outstanding and
available was already in the defendants' possession.
Our theory was that such a contract was one which
the law would not countenance, and which not only
could not be enforced, but would be enjoined by the
courts." ¦ . >¦
vlt will.be.,perceiyed<the point raised is one of,con
siderable force. All', reports from New!' York agree
that the, men'' who manipulated the Northern Pacific
deal" virtually- controlled ;'the available "stock. :. In v fact,'
before the cinch took place Russell Sage had pointed
out j that the Standard ' Oil magnates and others of
their class can .; hardly, be 'said, to be' speculators in
the street, since ; they have control of sufficient "money
to buy anything they wish and hold it at as high a
point as they please. . V .- ,
Of course t no great , amount s of . sympathy is to be
wasted ' on the speculators \yhq Renter WalK street to
play the game. "It is nothing more than, gambling
pure and simple with most of them. They enter into
contracts to deliver something they do not possess.
They, are free agents and they . expect to make a
profit. Consequently when they lose they have only
themselves to blame.- When all that is conceded there
remains the public interest to be considered. It has
been found necessary 'to protect the public 'against
lottery games and gold', brick :• swindlers, and, it. now
seems about time to do something to regulate the
tactics employed in Wall street so as to give a specu
lator a chance for his money. The injunction granted
by Judge Gildersleeve would have made the basis of
a.famous test case had it t been pressed, and it is to be
regretted such an opportunity v pf. learning what the
law has to say on the subject has. been lost ¦'¦*¦ .v
A LOST OPPORTUNITY.
THE COMING GREEK.
THE President stands here in a physical environ
ment differing widely from the rest of the con
tinent. California has natural features not
found elsewhere even on this coast. This State is
nearest in its climate and unchangeable conditions
to that area that was made memorable by the rise and
confederation of the Greek tribes. That old land was
more Asiatic than European, and it produced a peo
ple that will influence the intellect of the world to the
end.
Here in almost identical conditions we behold a
European race transplanted in Asiatic soil.
It is a great physical truth that men are a crop
produced by the soil from which they grow. They
are as much a field crop as the fruit and grain which
share with us as tenants of the soil.
The crop of men grown in California will by
analogy of conditions be the Greeks of the future.
Their environment is already tending to that type.
The^ special flavor here of art and literature,, the in
tellectual precocity of the people, their spirit of ad
venture and enterprise, are all markedly Greek.
The President touches the hand of men in Califor
nia \^ho are of the type of Demosthenes, of archi
tects that are worthy of the Corinthian age, of artists
that are brothers to Praxiteles, \vriters that mentally
fellowship Xenophon, and satirists and dramatists
that are as keen as Aristophanes. . This Attic air and
scenery form and fashion the minds of the men. and
women of California, and our vices and our virtues
are Grecian. We may banish Aristides, but our con
ditions produce him. The noblest crop is to be cut
down, but it must first grow.
In our vices, our too apparent jealousies and exhi
bition of competitive tempers, too, are exactly Greek.
We can no more help these things than we can help
the fine tint of our skies and the fruitfulness of our
soil. Under them is a fine foundation of manliness
and generosity. -• .
Indeed it is questionable whether perfection in
anything -is appreciated without a foil as its back
ground. So let our manifest envies and occasional
collisions of view be taken as the rugged, rocklike
formation of our collective character, on which grow
flowers the gentlest and the fairest
It will be evident to our visitors that we do not
yet understand ourselves. It is certain that the
Greeks did not, or they would not have banished
Aristides nor poisoned Socrates, nor forced so many
of their best minds and men into exile and not a few
of them into treason.
But seen in perspective, as to-day's California will
some time be, the Attic commonwealth is the finest
spectacle that the race has furnished since it emerged
into self-consciousness.
What we are, we have to be. Every drop of water
has to follow the stream, and not. one can turn against
the current, nor make landing to explore the valley
through which it flows. •
The whole of Californian life must move forward to
its united destiny, and when its mission is accom
plished there will be dedicated to the best uses of the
future the very excellent in art, literature, science and
character.
Draper and the evolutionists have demonstrated
that all life is ruled by the unchangeable physical en
vironment, and that even the religious idea is as much
a matter of climate in its origin as is the grass that
grows underfoot: .
NO PREMIUM-A. H.. City. Five-dollar
pieces of 1845 are not such as dealers In
old coins pay a premium for.
A COUNT IN CRIBBAGE— S. M. B..
Tiburon. Cal. Mhree sevens, one eight In
hand and a nine turned up count In erlb
bage twenty-one. B's claim of thirty is
untenable, for the reason that the highest
count In that game Is twenty-nine.
ST. PETER IN BOME-J. H. City. As
to when St. Peter was In Rome Is a moot
ed question. As you ask what books or
authority there are on that subject, this
department suggests that you consult
Smith's Comprehensive- Dictionary or tha
Bible or the j3ible Encyclopedia by Fau
sett under "Peter." and there you will
find' a synopsis of. all that "has been found
In- history relative to the time that ihm
Apostle Peter was In Rome. . . - > ..
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
It has been said that one of the great
est benefits resulting from the civil war
was the- paper money issued by and under
the supervision of the United States. The
notes thus issued, being comprised in a
few well-recognized designs, superseded
the thousand and one notes of every, con
ceivable design issued by banks scattered
over the entire country and of whose gen
uineness no one could tell. As ; a direct
result of the adoption of this , currency
there has grown up in the Treasury De
partment one of the largest manufactur
ing - establishments under . Government
control in. the world, known as the bu
reau ¦ of engraving and printing.
Starting In a small way In the Treasury
building early In the .'60s, it now occupies
a building of its own upon a commanding
site on' the banks of the Pqtomac River,
in the shadow of the Washington monu
ment. This building has been twice en
larged since its original occupancy' in
1S80. The building and site represent an
outlay of $500,000, while the machinery;
and fixtures represent another outlay of
$1,000,000. It -employs 1010 : men. and 1336
women and expends; for wages' alone over s
$1,500,000 a year. The main work of this
establishment is the manufacture of the
notes issued by the Government and by
the national banks 6f the country, but it
also makes the . Internal revenue, cus
toms and postage stamps and all of the
checks used by disbursing officers of the
United States throughout the country—
in fact, everything that Is defined by law
to be an obligation or security of the
United States. As its main product is
coveted by every one, its principal aim
is to prevent an easy imitation of it, oth
erwise known as . counterfeiting. To this
end it employs all the processes of en
graving and printing that are most diffi
cult to imitate. ' It Becures ; the most
talented engravers, at. the com
pensation, and the most skilled printers
obtainable. - . - .
Preparing the Design.
When it is determined to issue a new
security of this kind the matter is dis
cussed by the officials having charge of
the several branches of the service in
volved, and the conclusions reached are
embodied in a "model made by a trained
designer, which is submitted for the criti
cism of the officers who aiscussed the mat
ter in the first place. The model -is then
modified in accordance with their criti
cisms, and is finally approved by the Sec
retary of the Treasury. One of the most
recent -instances or this kind is the new
silver certificates, of which the ones, twos
and fives have been issued, and which are
familiar to the general public The tens
are now in the hands of the engravers
and will be in circulation about July 1
next The new issue of postage stamps,
which will be known as the "commemora
tive series-of 1901," commemorative of the
Pan-American Exposition .at ...Buffalo, is
another recent instance. The designs of
these stamps are: One-cent, fast lake
navigation; 2-cent, fast express; 3-cent,
canal locks .at Sault Ste Marie; o-cent,
bridge at Niagara. Falls; 4-cent, automo
bile; lO-cent.-fast ocean navigation.
It is believed that these, designs will be
conceded, to. be. the handsomest issue .of
postage stamps ever made by the united
States, or, 1 in fact, . by . any government.
Preparing the Steel Plate.
The approved design is placed in the
hands of 'the, engravers for .the .^ution
of their respective lines of work-that- is,
vignettes, titles and work
When the engravers have finished their
work it is assembled upon a flat piece.Pf
steel, slightly larger than Ihe note or
stamp when seen in circulation, by the
tr Tnis e^s P a° C me S thod of reproducing en
graving devised many years ago by Jacob
Perkins, an inventive American, who may
be considered the father of the present
method of duplicating bank notes. The
steel of the original engraving is har
dened artificially by. the Potassium pro
cess, and is placed on the bed of a press
known as a transfer press, and a. cylinder
of steel made artificially soft is passed
over the - original engraving under great
pressure/secured by the levers of this
sress, until air of the sunken lines of the
engraving are reproduced in relief on the
circumference of the' roll. This roir is
then made artificially .hard, and by the
same process the engraving in relief on
the roll is transferred to a soft PJecer of
flat steel, thus reproducing the original
engraving. In assembling the work of the
engravers to make the new note or stamp
th!*rolls from the original engravings axe
used to reproduce upon the soft steel tne
original work of the engraver, and when
that is completed we have : an re
production of the design of /the note or
stamp,on this piece. of .metal, which is
termed a die. This die, after all- of Its
lines are joined and finally -perfected by
an engraver, is hardened v i and? a roll ,1s
taken from it by the above described pro
cess and upon this- roll there Is a repro
duction of the entire note or stamp In
relief ' ' ~
' Custody of the Plates.
The plates, being finished and ready for
printing, are, together with all the dies
and rolls made by the bureau, placed^n
charge of an officer especially . appointed
by the Secretary, of the Treasury known
as .the custodian of dies,. rolls and plates.
They are , held by; this . officer in burglar
and fireproof vaults and are issued on^y
upon 1 the Secretary of the Treasury's mak
ing an order to print a certain definite
number of- f impressions from them. ,A
copy of this order Is promptly furnished
The paper upon which the impressions
are printed is distinctive and is made only
fcr the United States Government. The
distinctive feature of the --note paper,
known as fiber paper, is double lines : of
distributed silk fiber on the back of the
notes about two inches from each end
This fiber can be easily seen. The dis
tinctive features of the paper for. internal
revenue and postal stamps is a water
mark in the paper of the » letters U. S. . I.
R." 'for the first class and '.'U. S. P. S.
for the second ; class. This paper Is man
ufactured upon the order of the Secretary
of the Treasury and is held in the custody
of- the chief of the division of loans and
currency of his office.; It can only be ob
tained by the bureau . upon a requisition
setting forth the class, denomination and
value of the security to be printed there
on, and is charged to the bureau at the
full face value which can be so printed.
Every particle of this paper musj. be ac
counted for or the face value charged
against the bureau must be paid: In
money. . ¦< ¦'¦• • ¦ '¦ ¦ . . ., ! ' A '
Preparing for the Printing.
The finished plates now being in ,the
possession of the custodian of dies, rolls
and plates '.arid; the paper In the custody
of the secretary's office, when Unneces
sary orders are issued proper requisitions
are made, first . for the paper, and it; : is
transported from the Treasury building
to the bureau, checked with the requisi
tion and counted to . determine thafthe
actual number of sheets called for by the
requisition Is"; furnished. It is then pre
pared in the wetting* division for print
ing by being cpurited into sections of from
ten to twenty • sheets each, . these sections
being subsequently placed between wet
cloths and. put; under . heavy weights -to
distribute 'the moisture from the cloths
evenly through" the paper.' When this has
progressed to. a certain point the weights
are taken off arijd the paper Is "shifted'*—
that is, each 'section' is' divided into three
equal portions, and^be- Inner or dry sides
are reversed and made the outer sides, 'so
as to place them -in-: direct contact with
the * wet ' cloths.' . • They, \ are again placed
under, the, weight',- as ..before,- and, after
remaining, thus • for ;hours the paper is .re
moved from *the wet cloths, counted , and
stacked , ready I tor. Issue « to the printers.
A requisition is now; made upon J the j cus
todian i of. dies,; rolls and: plates .for,- the
' necessary,- 1 , elates.'* 1 Theyv are 'delivered -to
and receipted for by a representative of
the printing division of the bureau.
Printing 1 Paper Money.
An assignment to printers is made. by
the chief of the printing division, and
each printer so assigned is given an or
der which entitles him to receive the nec
essarx plate and his assistant to receive
tho necessary paper in the quantity which
he may determine for his day's work.
The paper must be counted immediately
upon receipt as would money paid ata
bank, and a receipt must be given- The
printer and his assistant now become re
sponsible for the plate and the paper. At
tached to each printing press is an auto
matic device which records each impres
"sion printed. During the day, as impres
sions are completed in hundreds, they are
taken to the examining division' of the
bureau, where they are counted and
placed in the racks of the drying-room.
A receipt is given the printer for the num
ber of impressions so delivered by him. .
At 'the dose of the day the printer Is
required to return his plate and any un
printed paper, which is credited to him
on the books of the wetting division. A
comparison is then made of the number
of impressions charged to the printer. in
the wetting division with the number .of
impressions delivered by him to the ex
amining division. These three accounts
must agree. "When they agree the printer
and his assistant are relieved from fur
ther responsibility and the employes of
these divisions are dismissed upon a given
signal. ;
The freshly printed " impressions remain
In the drying-room securely locked dur
ing the night. At the commencement of
business the next morning they are taken
from the, drying-room and placed in the
hands, of expert examiners, who carefully
scrutinize them for imperfections in print
ing. Perfect impressions are counted and
made into . packages of 100 sheets, and
these are stacked into packages of 1000
sheets. The imperfect sheets are made
up into such packages as may be neces
sary.
Preparing Postage Stamps.
Finishing- the Stamps.
At this point there is a difference be
tween the treatment of notes and bonds
and that of .stamps. Notes and bonds re
quire more than one printing. The'print
ing above described Is for notes, the first
or green printing on the backs. The per
fect impressions resulting therefrom, are
placed in the vault to await their use in
making the second or face printing. The
ordinary postage stamps require but one
printing, and the perfect impressions of
these stamps are forwarded through the
remaining processes toward completion.
First, two sheets are placed back to back,
between smooth press-boards, and. in a
hydraulic press, are subjected to a press
ure of 1 5000 pounds to the square inch,
which reproduces the smooth, glossy sur
face of the paper that was lost in. wetting
and printing. They are then sent to the
gumming room, where gum is, placed upon
them by machines especially adapted for
that purpose. These machines are the
most improved gummirtg machines in the
world and were devised by employes of
the bureau. The gum is contained m a
fountain very much like the Ink fountain
of a Hoe press, in which is revolved a
glass roller. In revolving in the gum the
glass roller takes upon its surface a cer
tain quantity of gum, and when the sheet
is fed 'under it this gum is transferred to
f fhe surface of "the sheet. The sheet Is
then taken by grippers on an endless
chain and carried through a heated box
at a temperature of 125 degrees, and in
fone minute it is delivered at the other end
of the box perfectly dry.
From the gumming room the sheets go
to the perforating room, where the. large
sheets of 400 stamps, as originally printed,
are cut up into four sheets of 100 stamps
and the holes between the stamps are per
forated. This is accomplished on two sets
of machines, one cutting the sheet length
wise into two parts and at the same time
making tlfe perforations and the otlier
cutting crosswise the two sheets thus
made and at the same time making the
perforations.
After the cutting 1 and perforating 1 they
are pressed by placing the sheets between
mill boards and passing them under a
rotary press or calendaring: machine, sim
ilar to those used In paper mills, and then
they are carefully examined. on the back
and face, and all sheets containing 1 im
perfections in the gum or in the perfora
tions are rejected. This is an important
matter, as stamp collectors are very crit
ical and - exacting that . all stamps shall
be properly "centered," as they say — that
is that the margin of "white paper sur
ro'undlng the stamps shall be' equal on all
sides. The sheets are then passed to the
counters, and here the utmost care Is
exercised to secure accuracy of count.
The sheets are first counted by on© coun
ter and her count is verified by another.
They are then banded and sealed, the
date and the initials of the counter be
ing placedi upon the seal, so that In the
LONG LIFE AND WORK.
SOME happy-hearted men in ; the; city of .New
York who enjoy life as a good thing have or
ganized a club for the, purpose, of . finding out
the causes which have enabled some persons to live
more than one hundred years. Up to this -time they
have found nothing more than -wide ; differences of
opinion. One set of authorities, maintain that long
life is most common among ignorant and unenterpris
ing people, while another set holds. to the belief that
intellectual exertion tends to prolong rife, and \that
in proportion to the numbers, of 'the two classes there
are more old men among the learned than among the
uneducated. * ; .'t> ¦
The first authorities rely upon statistics collected
by a German medical journal from the census of va
rious nations. These show that- in countries where
illiteracy, and poverty are common there are pro-^
portionately many more centenarians than among
more highly educated and prosperous peoples.. In
Servia at the last census there were found in a popu
lation of 2,500,000 no less than 575 persons more than
100 years old, while in Germany, with a population of
55,000,000, there were found only 78. , '
The statistics collected in that way are scoffed at
by the advocates of , the opposing theory,- It is
claimed that the illiterates and paupers who assert
their age to be^n excess of 100 have no proof what
ever of their assertions. Educated people have few
centenarians among them because the record of their
birth is known and there is not the same opportunity
for errors or willful deception. Upon those grounds
the arguments .drawn from the census reports are de
clared invalid, and the solution of the question is left
to the investigation of cases where there 'is indis
putable proof of life* exceeding 100 years.
i 'in France there has been a careful gathering of
facts relating to the subject, but no evidence has been
obtained that confirms the view of either party. The
French investigators found about as many old people
proportionately in one class as in another. Some
were rich, some* were poor, some were learned and
some were ignorant, some lived temperate lives and
some were intemperate. In one case a man was found
whose birth record showed him to have lived 112
years, who was reported to have been an habitual
drunkard. Another attributed his 128 years to the
practice, of taking an occasional dose of gunpowder.
A woman of 124 says her long-life is due to her habit
of drinking large quantities of strong coffee. Finally,
a man enjoying life at 114 says he rarely eats anything
but fruit, principally melons, and continually chews
lemon peel. . ". • -
..In such a mass of contradictions there. is no sure
guide to a system of long life. Perhaps the best way,
to attain more than 100 years is _not to worry- about
it. or" about anything else. ¦'•¦ : - ; .;•«¦; )-„¦-'-¦; ! h x ':':i- -;.'
SATURDAY ....MAY iS,!*""
~~ : JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
""* ACdreu All CcmmunicitieM t» W. S. LEASE, Kuuger.
HLBLICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market and Tlilrd. S. F.
Telephone Pre«» -01.
iDITORIAI. BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Trers 202.
Delivered *¦¦- Cnrrlero. IS Cent* Fer Week.
Sin pie Copies. 5 Cent*.
Term* by Mall. Including Postage!
r»AIl/r CALL rineluain*: Sunday), on* year *•••* ;
UAH.T CALL. (Including Sunday). « months »•«> ,
DAILT CALk flnclu<"lnp Ennday>. S month* »-«>
DAILT CALL— By Sinrle Mcnth ~ »«
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear ~ •— laB
All poitmaiterii lire authorised to receive
¦nbxcrlptloni.
e*srp!e copies will be lorwarded when reQcested.
Matt *Bt>MTrtw>rp 1n crrterlnir *>hanc» of «rtflr«»«« rtinolfl *>•
tartieolar to rire both NEW ANT> OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their requeat.
OAKLAND OFFICE ...1118 Brondway
C. GKORGK KHOCSESS.
Vt&igtT Foreign Adrertising. Karqnett* Building. ChiM^i.
<Locc Distance Telephone "Central S61S.")
NEW TORE REPRESENTATIVE:
C. C CAHLTOJf.. ............... .Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bulldlnc
NEW TORK KETWS STANDS:
Waiaorf-Artorla. Hotel; A. Brentaao, U Union Square:
Jlurray El'J HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Hocse; Auditorium Hotel. * *
!WASHI?rGTOtf (D. C> OFFICE. . . .14OB G St.. W. W.
• MORTOX E. CRAXE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:SO o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 638
McAllister, open until S:SO o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
• JO o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Marks t.
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
crtil * o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until » o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
GOVERNMENT OWNERSHIP.
WE have endeavored to make it plain that all
sides of public ownership, or administration,
of public service industries should be con
sidered, studied and understood by every municipality
which proposes to adopt that policy.
Putting Government into business, making it a
proprietor of business plants and using it in their ad
ministration, means to introduce a very great change;
and it will be more likely to succeed if it come
against resistance than if it encounter none. Profes
sor James Bryce has said: "The greatest changes are
often introduced with the least notion ot their conse
quences, and the most fatal are those which encounter
least resistance."
, We have endeavored to develop the evidences of
the incapacity of municipalities for the administration
of a business. When a public service industry is in
private ownership the losses due to incapacity fall
upon its stockholders. When it is in public owner
ship the loss falls upon the taxpayers. If only two
thirds of the water delivered and consumed in New
York City is paid for, by reason of the dishonesty or
incapacity of municipal < administration, the cost of
storing, conducting and distributing the third un
paid for by its consumers falls, upon the taxpayers.
As the investigation made by the Merchants' Asso
ciation in New York shows thaf one-third "the water
goes unpaid for, and that the municipal accounts are
so kept that no one can tell what is due the city, nor
who owes it, it is seen at once that the cost of water
to the people of that city is not shown in the rate
paid by the consumers, but consists of what they
contribute as ratepayers and as taxpayers.
In Philadelphia . Mayor Ashbridge sought to
straighten out the municipal water accounts, and
found as far as he was able to go that for years the
city had been losing annually $800,000 in water un
paid for.* Of course that loss falls upon the city as
owner of the plant, and has to be made good by taxa
tion of the people.
The Merchants' Club > of Chicago has investigated
the' bookkeeping and accounts of that city, and re
ports the result as "a revelation of wholesale mis
management, incompetency -and plunder," and that
the city is conducting its business "under conditions
that would have brought bankruptcy to any mercan
tile firm."
The club found a discrepancy of four million dollars
in the cost of Chicago's water supply, as shown by
two sets of city books, and also a variation of one
and a quarter millions in the sinking fund to meet
water bonds.
•The postat system is habitually referred to by ad
vocates of municipal ownership of public service in
dustries as a model that should be followed and proof
positive of the capacity /of Government for business.
It is continually proposed to' put savings banks and
telegraphs into the postal system. But Mr. Henry D.
Castle, auditor of the Postoffice Department, is not
an enthusiast for any of these plans. He says that the
postal savings bank and telegraph propositions are full
of pitfalls, and after an elaborate statement of the
difficulties of Government accounting and the im
possibility of checking losses says: "The obvious
conclusion of the whole matter is that the postal "sys
tem, being a purely commercial or financial enterprise
under Government auspices, is an abnormal function,
requiring special treatment and embodying peculiar
risks. The branches already in operation present
enough complications, defects and possibilities of per
version to warrant the strenuous efforts of the high
est wisdom for their immediate improvement. Until
its defects are remedied, and until progress on the
present basis can be more accurately forecast, the
statesman, the publicist and plain citizen may very
judiciously withhold countenance from plausible Inno
vations." -;; •¦'; -'.'¦"
Since that was published by Mr. Castle' last month
Mr. Henniker Heaton, in the English House of Com
mons, has called attention to the annual loss of £700,
000 in the English postal telegraph administration,
amounting to nearly $50,000,000 in the last twenty
nine years.
American advocates of Government ownership
point to the rates paid for telegrams in. -Eng
land by those who use the wires. But it is plain
that those rates do not l "present the cost to the peo
ple, who as taxpayers have contributed $50,000,000 to
the telegraph service. Had that vast sum been put
upon the actual users .of the telegraph it will be' seen
that the rates. must have been so much larger.as to
deprive American advocates of public administration
of business plants of their best argument.
to be any decline in the amount of money they ex
pend.". The drain in payment of ocean freight rates will
vanish as soon as Congress puts American merchant
vessels on an equal footing with i subsidized Euro
pean ships. The sums that go to pay interest on
European investments, in this country will 'diminish
from this time on, for we are now not only financ
ing our own enterprises but are^-lending money to
Europe. In a ¦, comparatively short time, therefore,
Europe will have to meet our trade balances in some
other way than at present. The United States has be
come a creditor instead of a debtor nation, and the
change is going to make an enormous' difference in
the commerce and finance of the world.
event of a shortage being, claimed by a
postmaster the persons .upon whom the
responsibility rests. for such error may be
determined.
- The stamps are then taken to what is
known as the finished vault, Where a
stock of 100,000,000 1-cent stamps, 200,000,000
2-cent stamps and relative quantities of
other, denominations is constantly kept
on hand to anticipate requisitions from
Postmasters. The stamps are distributed
to Postmasters on the orders of the Third
Assistant Postmaster General, the utmost
care being taken to insure the greatest
accuracy in filling these orders. The Post
master at Chicago, for example, calls for
as many as 10,000,000 1-cent and 20,000,000
2-cent stamps a month. Smaller postof
fices make requisitions about once a quar
ter, and at these, quarterly, issues the bu
reau forwards by registered mail a3 high
as 1500 packages a day for. several days
until the 40,000 or more Postmasters of the
country receive their quarterly stock of
stamps.
Finishing Notes and Bonds.
We left the first printing of the paper
money in the vault drying and season
ing for use in the second or face print
ing. "When necessity arises a requisition
is * made on the vaultkeeper for the
number of impressions of the first print
ing needed, and they are passed through
the same manipulations that ; were de
scribed • for the first printing. In due
course they are returned to the vault as
perfect impressions, having two printings
upon them. . .
It has been found that in th» succes
sive wettings a ! considerable portion of
the sizing originally placed in the paper
is removed, and to' insure good wearing
qualities in the note it i3 desirable to
replace this sizing. To accomplish this
the sheets are now passed .through a
bath of paper sizing at a temperature of
135 degrees, by which they become thor
oughly saturated with the size. Then
they' are locked up over night in special
ly prepared iron safes, where the size is
fully absorbed into the fiber of the paper,
and the next morning they are. placed in
the drying room and thoroughly dried.
They are next placed, four sheets back
to back, between the smooth press boards
and subjected to a pressure of 6000
pounds to the sauare inch.
Numbering Notes and Bonds,
Then they are delivered to the number
ing division, where the edges of the
sheets are trimmed and they receive the
blue numbers at the lower left-hand and
upper right-hand corners. This number
ing is executed on special numbering ma
chines designed by employes of the bu
reau. The machines change the number*
automatically. Thi3 bureau was the first
establishment to effect this result, as well
as to adapt steam, power to the- operation
of such machines. Prior to that all num
bering machines were operated by foot
treadle. The greatest care must be exer
cised in the numbering of these notes to
prevent duplication or other, error, as
such errors might lead to uncertainty as
to the genuineness of the notes in the
hands of the people. To avoid this, In
addition to the care exercised by the
numberer, there is a special corps of ex
aminers of numbered work, who carefully
examine each number to determine its
correctness. ¦
After this examination the impressions
are made up into packages of 1000 sheets
and delivered to the Treasurer of the
United States, where the blue seal is im
printed upon them. The sheet3 are then
cut up Into single notes and put into
packages of 100 sheets each, and in due
course of time they are. issued by the
Treasurer and the Assistant Treasurer in
fulfillment of the liabilities of the Gov
ernment. ' . ' i^.
The stamps and aotes are now In the
hands of the people. What vicissitudes
they pass through we cannot tell, but
much can be imagined.
¦ ,-¦ (COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
XIV.— MAKING BANK NOTES, BONDS/ AND POSTAGE STAMPS.
Elaborate System Employed by the Federal
Government to Manufacture Stamps
and Paper Money.
Bv "William 1&. .Meredith.
DIRECTOR OF THE BUREAU OF ENGRAVING AND PRINTING.
Prepared, by Experts and Specialists for
; .. The' San Francisco Call.-
PAPERS 0N CURRENT TOPICS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY IS, 1901.
f Wall street men insist thatthe big slump in ''stocks
recently was. not a panic, bu£ a "twitter";; and now
that we know what it was "there is no occasion -for
further alarm.. ,. '¦¦-". :•¦."/-; /.,'¦'¦ - 1 '
¦~ If Aguinaldo does not -follow Bryan's example arid
start a Commoner he will very soon be 'as obscure as
Tom- Reed;^^; ''- 'i':Sl- :^:::u^ : . •<»¦>.-.- -4 •;>-.•
No one appears to have been ' Hurt much . by < the
recenf slump, in Wall /'street, but if the ',¦ panic . '\hkd
spread all over the country it might -^have :> profited
Bryan a goodde'al." ''¦:¦ K . vv ¦"¦¦ /.".'¦'" \ '¦'• ''¦•-. ¦':.-'
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Central— "The Bowery After Dark."
• Tivoli— "The Toy Maker."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Sae Harbor."
Alcazar — "Friends."
Grand Opera-house — "Got-emment Acceptance."
California— "Barbara Frietchle."
OJympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
rrenlng.
Fischer's — Vaudeville. (
Alharabra— Columbia Minstrels.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Ferry Building— Grand Flower Show. May 16, 17 and 18.
Excursion to Santa Cruz— Sunday.
Futro Baths — Swlmniine.
Emeryville Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Fred H. Chase— Monday. May 20, at 11 o'clock, 60 head
Horses, at 1722 Market street.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
— — — — ~ i
Call tnbicrlben contemplating a change ot
re*i«Teiiee darlne the Hummer months can bar*
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
a4direisneB by notifying: The Call Business Office.
Tkla paper Trill also be on sale at all summer
rcvorta and is represented by a local agreat la
all towns on the coast.
THE SUNDAY CALL
__MAY THE NINETEENTH
PASSING OF THE GREATEST
"PRIMATE HARMS" WILD ANIMAL HUNT
COLONY. IN THE WOMJ).
THE LATEST FADS _ THE HILLSIDE HOMES
IN OF
BAitllrib oVllY BrRKrl.rY.
fff A THOUSAND - MILE BRIDAL p
||| TOUR IN AN OPEN BOAT. ||
One o! the Most Unique and Adventuresome Honeymoons Ever Spent. j
DRIVEN INTO THE FICTION, FASHIONS,
(QUICKSANDS OF THE ' r BOOKS
RIO GRANDE '^L AND PAGES OF
Most Thrfflina Indian Story o! HUMAN INTEREST.
¦ the Day. STORIES.
WHO WILL NEXT THE
RULE THE ABORIGINES OF
MORMON CHURCH? /AUSTRALIA.
-«- * THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL *•»Daniel Comstock,. a carpenter, while at
work on a new building on Buchanan
street, between Sutter and Bush, fell a
distance of twenty-five feet yesterday and
struck on a load of bricks which had just
been . dumped on the ground. 1 At the
Emergency Hospital It was found that
Comstock had several ribs broken in ad
dition to sustaining internal injuries. It
is probable that he will die. Comstock re
sides with his wife and family at Fruit
vale,: Alameda County.
Fatally Injured by Fall.
PROMINENT OFFICERS OF
GRAND CIRCLE OF COMPAN-,
IONS OF THE FOREST.
Organization.
The semi-centennial anniversary, of the
holding of the first regular Democratic
convention in the State will be fittingly
celebrated Sunday at Benicia by the lro
quols braves. It Is estimated that more
than 800 people will attend from this city
and that the celebration will be the ir.ost
impressive of its : kind ever held on the
coast. Delegates, from the Democratic
clubs: of forty-two different counties will,
be in attendance. • .. . • .
An elaborate programme has been pre
pared and the exercises will take place in
the old State House, which was 1;he seat
of government when Benicla was the cap
ital of the State. C. P. Stevens, represent
ing the Mayor of Benicla, will welcome
the braves to the city. Barclay Henley,
son of the man who presided over the first
convention, will act as chairman. The ora
tion of the occasion «will be delivered by
the Hon. D. M. Delmas. '.The music will
be furnished by an orchestra and the Be
nicia Juvenile Band.
The • annual council will convene on
Monday. An attempt will be made to or
ganize the- various Democratic clubs of
the State into an effective political organ
ization.' • - • . " .
The following committee has. the-cele
bration ' in charge : Max Popper, H. , L.
Bienfield. W. M. McMaan, P. Boland and
L. V. Merle. - .
; IHOQUOIS PREPARE FOR
GRANJ) CELEBRATIO1T
Attempt Will Bs Made to Unite
Democratic Clubs Into One
Resolutions of Begret.
The Board of Civil Service Commission
ers held a special meeting yesterday and
passed resolutions of regret on the death
of Mrs. P. H. McCarthy, wife of one of
the Commissioners. The resolution -was
ordered engrossed and "will be signed Dy
Commissioners Freud and Qulnn.
Many plants long classed among the
worst and most useles of weeds have
been found In recent years to possess con
siderable feeding value. /.
¦ ¦¦ . *¦¦¦¦•,. -¦¦ i -¦¦"-¦:
¦ * General . Carlos i La'cayo, . ex-Consul Gen
eral for Nicaragua.'.ancl George Brown, a
wealthy young Chilean, appeared in Judge
Fritz's court ' yesterday, on a charge of
disturbing: the peace. They were -arrested
early Thursday; • morning- at j Powell -and
O'FarreU ¦ streets -by. ' Policeman , Davids.
By consent of counsel the case was con
tinued, till next .Thursday. • £•
'. Poltcemah -'; Davids : saw the two men
fighting 1 and . separated them,, telling .La
caybhe should be ashamed to strike such
a small man as Brown.- XAcayo again at
tacked .* Brown,' and the offlper warned
hlmthtit If he did not keep the. peace he
would - r.rrcst him.; The warning- had no
effect, and when Lacayo attacked Brown
for the third time Davids placed .them
both under arrest. <
"He Insulted : a lady friend of mine,"
said Lacayo,. "and I defended her name.
I met him casually* and our conversation
drifted to a lady whom .we both know.
Brown assailed her. character . and what
could I do? -"I did .what any gentleman
would have done in the circumstances, aS
he refused, to, retract his words." - , ;;•' ..
Brown, who is a ouiet young fellow, has
a 'different .story to tell. \ He said ,that
shortly after he. arrived h^re' to study the
English language |he was introduced to
Lacayo; ' ar.d .It was. not'.long before the
general began, to -borrow, money from him.
"He got ' $13 from- me,"' said Brown, "and
when I met him early Thursday morning
I asked him. for the money, as I needed It.
He got - angry and, after > kicking me,
chased me across the street; Just then
the officer appeared, and Lacayo contin
ued to- klcl: at me and abuse me. There
was nothing:- whatever' said between us
.concerning, any- lady j and his statement
"that. I aspersed the name of a lady is not
true." '- ¦ ' .
It is expected that there will be sonne
interesting, developments when the case
comes to trial next Thursday.
Saya That His Antagonist
Defamed Name of a
Arrested for Engaging in
a -Brawl on the •
Street ¦'-
LACAYO DEFENDS
LADY'S HONOR
7
THE SAN FBANCiSG^
Would you have peace? Use Sc&rby"« "n«a«
¦M-jst-Go." 2S anfl SO cent*. 400 Butter street.'*
A*' monster' schooner "Is being built at
Boston. It Is to be the largest one afloat,
costing {150,000 and having six masts. ;",
.NEW YORK, May 17.— Between 15,000
and 20,000 brlcklayer3 In the employ' of,
contractors who are members of the Ma
sons' . Builders' Association ¦ were locked
out to-day. President Eldlitz of the Ma
sons' Builders' Association said . the lock
out was primarily caused by the refusal
of the Bricklayers' Association to abide
by the finding of an arbitration : commit
tee concerning a dispute which aros« be ;
tween the masons and the bosses a <few.
weeks ago. . '
New York Now Without
Employment. -
Nearly Twenty Thousand Men in
EASTERN BRICKLAYERS.
CAUSE A LOCKOUT
Charles and Clement Furville, crack
bicyclists, were arrested yesterday by De
tectives Itiordan and Coleman on a dis
patch from San Jose charging them with
th« theft of a bicycle. The men took
part in the bicycle races at San Jose a
few days ago, and on their leaving they
claim a cycle dealer of the Garden City
requested them to take along one of the
wheels to advertise his business. As they
Intended to go to Salt Lake to participate
In the meet there they took the bicycle,
after promising to do all they could to
advertise the wheeL Testerday they
reached here and made arrangements to
leave for Salt Lake last night- To their
surprise they were arrested an hour; be
fore the train was to leave and taken to
the City Prison. The dispatch to , the
police of the city In which the arrest of
the men Is asked, states, however, that
the brothers Btole the wheeL They will
be taken back to San Jose to-day.
The Furville Brothers 'Accused of
Stealing a Wheel From a San
Jose Dealer.
CRACK CYCLISTS UNDER
; ARREST FOR LARCENY
WASHINGTON, May 17.— The following
cablegrams have been exchanged:
President of the United . States, Washington:
I thank you, sir. for sending your fine cruiser,
the Brooklyn, which I have Just had the pleas
ure of visiting, to Australia to take part In
commonwealth celebrations. Tour action Is
deeply appreciated by myself and the Austral
ian subjects of my father, the KInjr.
, , GEORGE.
His Royal Highness, the Duke of Cornwall
and York, Melbourne: Owlnsr to my absence
from Washington an acknowledgment of your
Royal Hlghnees' courteous telegram of the 7th
lnst. has been delayed. I thank you for your
kind expression of appreciation of this Govern
ment's action in sending the Brooklyn to Mel
bourne. V -WILLIAM McKINLET..
TEXEGRAiMS BETWEEN"
PRINCE AND PRESIDENT
Duke of. Cornwall and York Appre
ciates the Courtesy of the
United States.
I Destroying Buildings.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 17.— The strike
riots which occurred In the cotton mills
on the Miborg or Finnish side of the
Neva, during which it was reported that
many had been killed, were a result of a
strike of workmen from four of the
textile factories for an Increase of wages.
The strikers held several noisy meetings
and threw stones at the windows^of the
factories. The authorities surrounded the
locality of the cotton mills with Cossacks
mounted gendarmes and strong details of
infantry, who arrested many of. tho
strikers. Many of the police and strikers
were wounded in the conflict. . ¦
The Prefect of Police posted a procla
mation calling on the workmen to resume
work if they did not wish themselves lia
ble to dismissal from the mills and de
portation to distant districts.
COSSACKS PROTECT
MILLS FROM STRIKERS
Threats of Deportation Are Made to
Restrain Russian Laborers From
There was a large attendance last even
ing at the exhibition of the California
Btate Floral Society In the nave of the
Ferry building. The band of the United
States training ship Pensacola played and
the excellent music was hlsrhly appre
ciated. When the floral show was filled
with spectators an equally large crowd
gathered in the south end of the Ferry
nave, where thej' promenaded.
The following special premiums have
been awarded exhibitors: E. Gill for
needling roses; University of California,
honorable mention for gloxianas; Miss M.
J. Westfall. silver medal for Pacific Coast
mm flora: Pelicano & Co.. gold medal for
ben general display of cut flowers and
plants: Joseph C. Love, certificate for new
f*rn: Dr. A. "W. Hoisholt, certificate for
nnthurium seedlings; F. A» Miller, cer
tificate for pansies; Golden Gate Park,
honorable mention for caladiums; E.
Bchwerin. certificate for decorative plants;
Henry M*>lde. society's ribbon for carna
ilon seedlings grown out of doors; F. A.
Miller, bronze medal for decorative plants;
Mrs. R. Spreckcls, silver medal for pelar
goniums; C. Abrahams, certificate for
decorative plants. The show will remain
open to-day and this evening. Yesterday
fresh flowers were supplied that the dis
play on the closing day might be fine. The
management will provide flowers for deco
rating the Congressional train when it
Btarts on Its return Journey.
With Garlands the Train of
Visiting Congressmen.
PUEJIITTMS ARE AWAEDED
THE FLOBAL EXHIBITORS
State Floral Society Prepares to I>eck
CHILE NOT FORTIFYING
STRAITS OF MAGELLAN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALPARAISO. May 17.— It is announced
that the big guns seen by Argentine citi
zens near Punta Arenas and which are
cau=ine such alarm regarding the ncu
t>alitv of the Straits of Magellan were
merely pipe" for the water supply of
P This ls^an^her case of the Argentine
pre-s intending to discredit Chile abroad.
Chile is not fortifying the Straits of Ma
gellan with water pipes or with any other
kind of pipes.
" Big Guns" Recently Re
ported Are Merely
Water Pipes.
, Sutter Creek— Diana Circle, Mrs. W. Mug
ford and Mrs. A. E. Olmsteaii.
West Oakland— Athens Circle, Mrs. J. Clif
ford. -.«-.- . -i ¦ . --¦ . - . . -
F. N. borrow; grand right guide, Mrs. II. E.
Selbert; grand left guide/ Mrs. K. M. Howard:
Brand inner guard, Mrs. L. L. Gale; grand
herald. Mrs. M.- J. Valenti; grand organist.
Miss D. Falconer; past, grand chief. J. Fal
coner; past grand chief, Mrs.' Phillips; past
grand chief. Mrs. M. Asher; past grand chief,
M. Boehm, and the following 'delegates: '
Amador City— Amador Circle, . Mrs. B. T.
Thomas. :
Benicla— Laurel Circle, ¦ Anna V. Bolton. -
Carters — Tuolumne Circle, Miss Mattie
League. ¦ •'
. Eureka— Sequoia Circle, Mrs. M. Way.
Hopland— Surprise Circle, , Thomas E. Arm
strong. ,.
Jackson — Oro. Flno Circle, Mrs. M. -Daugh
erty and Mrs. M. How. ¦-.'..•
. Julian— A valon Circle, "Mrs. M. Wellington
' Los Angeles— Pride pf the West Circle, Mrs.
M. E. Brownson; Rose of Los Angelas Circle,'
Mrs. Clara B. Harper. :c-
Merced— Sunshine Circle. : Mrs. M. A.' Powell
Oakland— Pride of the Forest Circle, Mrs. L.
Vlers, Mrs. M. Enn!s; Knaresborough Circle,
Miss Mae Hamilton;" Piedmont : Circle, Mrs.
J. J. Roberts and Mrs. M. E.. Peterson.
Pinole— Webster Circle. Mrs. A. Barr.
.Redding— Manzanita Circle, Mrs. M. L J.
Smith; Rio Vista— Rio Vista Circle, Mrs. A. :
• Lauretzen. • • :
Sacramento— Columbus Circle, Mrs. Lizzie
Kahley.
San Francisco— Washington Circle, I Miss
Daisle Falconer and Mrs. L. Scheuren; Eureka
Circle,' Mrs. . Fannie Jonas; California Circle,
Miss M. Vizzard; Justice Circle, Mrs. A. Fer
nandez; Mazzini Circle. Mrs! Virginia Cervalli;
Mrs. Rose Peters and Mrs. L. Manglni;
Franklin Circle, Mrs. • S. M. Smith; Artemis
Circle. Mrs. Jennie, Berger; Ivanhoe Circle,
Mrs.- Belle Hanges: Sherwood Circle. Mrs. Ef
flo Ferguson and Mrs. M. Harvey;. Loyal Cir
cle, Mrs. M. C. Tackley and Mrs. Lizzie
Pritchard; Bournemouth Circle, J. R. Sands;
Bohemian Circle. Mrs. A. Boehm and Mrs. A.
'Asmann: Santa Amanda Circle. ' Mrs. Hattle
M. Glngles; Fidelity Circle. Mrs. M.. Morrison
and George AV. Corwin. _ ' *
Stockton— Valley Circle,. Mrs. M. Sallman,
Mrs. M. Thomas and Miss Peyton."
Next Annual Session of the Grand- Circle Will ¦ BjSHeld|TOnB^
When Several Minor Amendments to the Constitution )ffi\\Y Be?
Considered and New' Officers Elected to Govern the; Order
Bennett, the grand treasurer, who' Is a
candidate for re-election, will be confront
ed by several opponents. ' For the minor
offices of the Grand Circle there' are at
Suit Discloses Romance
in the Life of a
Clubman.
CLAIMS CHENEY
IS HER HUSBAND
Mrs. Cfceyney's story is an unusual one.
She avers that eleven years ago Cheyney.
who v.'us 'then in search of 'a fortune,
which he has since accumulated in follow
ing his vocation as a mining expert, called
«t her father's home in Plumas County to
learn the location of a mine owned by Mr.
XeviMes. Mrs. Cheyney, who was then a
miES <l f 15' years, says ¦ she answered . his
knock at the ooor and directed him to the
mine. Ke stated, she says, he was afraid
he would Jbc unable to locate the prop
erty and requested her to accompany
him. WHlr the consent of her parents, she
f.ays, she did accompany him to the mine.
and or. the way, in response to his earnest
solicitations, entered into a relationship
with him which constituted a common law
marriage, '.which was later strengthened
Ijv a marriage contract, which Cneyney
drafted and both sicned.
Later. Mrs. Cheyney alleges, Cheyney
returned to thif city. He was not here
long\ she says, until he wrote her asking
her to come here and assume her relation-
Bbip as his wife. This she did, and for
> ears they lived together on Sutter street,
t-he avers. Finally, she continues, her
husUand succeeded In his occupation and
.accumulated a comfortable fortune. Then
lie established an envIaDie social position,
and this done reached the conclusion that
the little woman who had at least occu
pied the position- of a wife to him for four
years must be sent away and the rela
tionship which existed between them
broken off.
Induces Her to Go East.
In order to carry out this plan Mrs.
Cheyney says . Cheyney requested her to
po East for a time that he might ar
rarg^ certain financial matters, promis
ing that when he had accomplished this
he would join her. Though she says she
was suspicious, Mrs. Cheyney finally con
sented to go East, but instead of going to
a plax.-e which he had suggested, she says
she went to Ohio where his mother lived.
Instead of finding his mother well off,
she says she found the old lady living
alone and in poverty.
Then Mrs. Cheyney says she returned
to California and ¦when Cheyney found
:-he was in this State he sought to avoid
her, but she finally located him and called
upon him to publicly acknowledge their
rela.tior:sHip. This, she says, he refused
to do. and though she is about to become
a mother he still refuses to publish to
the world" that Bhe has never surrendered
her honor and that he is her lawful hus
band and father of her child.
Mrs. Cheyney. who resides at 630 Mason
street with Mrs. Dr. Fraser, is repre
sented by Attorney George • D. Collins.
Mr. Collins says that as Cheyney refused
to acknowledge his marriage there was
but two courses to pursue. One was to
sue Cheyiiey to establish the validity of
his marriage to Mrs. Cheyney; the other
to sue him for breacxi of promise and
cause his- arrest nn the felony charge of
seduction un^er promise of marriage, but
as the contract and letters established
the validity of the marriage in his opin
ion. Mr. Collins said he intended to first
establish its validity by the action for
maintenance just filed and then proceed
on other lines if circumstances which may
arise make it necessary.
Their Tirst Meeting.
• *
Sarsr.el TV. Cheyney, min!r.g expert anl
promoter and a weii-known member of
the PaclCc Union Club, was made the de
fendant !n a suit for maintenance yester
day that d!sc!o?cs a romantic. If not sen
satisrc!. experience extending over sev
cnl years of his life The plaintiff In the
actlos is Mrs. Maud Cheyney, a pretty,
petite lady. She asserts that f=r eleven
years she has been the wife of. Samuel
W. Cheyney by virtu© of a marriage con
tract entered Into between $hem a few
cays after -they met at the home of her
parents, 2Jr. and Mrs. Nevilles, In Plumas
Ccunty. before tfceli removal to Santa
Clara County, where they now reside.
Mrs. Cheyney alleges In her complaint
that she was deserted by .Cheyney on
April 5 and that though he Is in receipt
of a monihjly Income of $750 he refuses to
longer contribute toward her support. In
consequence she demands judgment for
permanent- alimony in the sum of $300 a
month.
Thougrli Mrs. Cheyney is in need of
iir.ar.oial aid she asrerts her action "for
maintenance Is more for the purpose of
i^tablishing the validity of her marriage
to Cheyr.ey, whom, s>he says, has repudi
ated the same and with shrugging: shoul
ccrs proclaims that he simply picked her
up as any other xr.an might pick up a
woman to reap what enjoyment he could
from her youth und beauty without
thought of. marriage a;id Its incumbent re
sponsibilities. She first seeks to save her
cood r.arce-. her honor. Mrs. Cheyney says,
then if the court wills! that the man whose
name she bears should support her she
will be twice pltaseu. but first of all she
nest defend her good name, which, she
:,ays. Cheyney. through his repudiation of
their relationship, has assailed.
Woman Who Bears His Name
Institutes Action for
Support.
SPIRITED CONTEST FOR OFFICES
AMONG COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST
Pyr 5^ HE next annual session of the
1 Grand Circle of the" Companions
' I • of the Forest of the Ancient Order
JJL of Foresters will be neld In For
esters' building next week, com
mencing on Monday. This branch of the
Ancient Order of Foresters was organ
ized in June. 1SS3. and has for its motto
: "Sociability, sincerity and constancy." It
has a membership of about 2500 located
in California, Connecticut, New Jersey,
Massachusetts, Utah and Colorado, but
the circles from the States outside of Cali
fornia are not represented in the Grand
Circle session.
The order will be represented in the
grand body by the delegates frlm thirty
five out of the fifty-one circle?. It will
be the sixteenth session and will be pre
sided over by Mrs. Mary E. Falconer, who
has held the office of grand chief com
panion for two consecutive years. Dur
ing her term the order had made a gain
of more than 700 new members. During
the past year nine new circles were insti
tuted and two were suspended.
Spirited Contest for Officers. ¦
Mrs. ll G. Miller, the present sub-chief
companion, will be advanced to the office
of grand chief companion, as there will
not be any opposition to her. There will
be a spirited contest for the office of
grand sub-chief companion. Among those
named for the office are Mrs. A. Boehm
of Bohemian Circle, wife-»f the high chief
ranger of the Ancient Order^of Foresters;
Mrs M J Valente, at present grand her- .
aid ' ar.d Mrs. Kate M. Howard, grand
left guide. The very efficient and courte
ous secretary. Mrs. Florence N. Morrow,
stands unopposed for re-election. Mrs. J.
least half a dozen candidates for each
office. • ,
There have been but few, amendments
to the constitution offered and the pro
posed chanses are but minor ones, as the.
laws as a whole have been found satis
factory. Arrangements have been made
for the entertainment of the delegates at
a bancuet.
Delegates Who Will Attend.
The grand and past grand officers who
will attend the session are:
Grand chief companion, Mrs. M. E. Falconer;
grand .sub-chief. Mrs. L. Miller; grrand treas
urer, Mrs. J. Bennett; grand secretary, Mrs.
AMUSEMENTS. . -
' EVENINGS AT 8!
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:30.
ACCOUNT" LAUNCHING BATTLESHIP OHIO.
-"A WONDERFUL SUCCESS!"
"Show the Children the Great Toy Shop'."
THE
POPULAR PRICES ....25c and 50o
Telephone — Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SAT.) May 19.
-. COMMENCING AT 2:30 O'CLOCK.
Parquet. 25c, any seat; balcony, 10c; children,
10c, any part except reserved. .
A 'FRESIOENTlirWELCOME BILL
JAMES O. BARROWS. JOHN LANCASTER
AND COMPANY: BISON CITY QUAR-
'< TETTE ED LATELLE. THE FOUR HUNT-
INGS. ZEB AND ZARROW, THE BIO-
GRAPH.
• Last Week of the Favorites.
TH6 AGOUST FAMILY and
McINTYRE AND HEATH.
VU LU IwI IS 1 A leading theatre
MATINEE TO-DAY!
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME. ,.
James A..Herne*s* Great Play,
SAGHARjBOR
Beginning NE XT MONDAY,
MATINEES WEDNESDAY a'nd SATURDAY.
HENRY MILLER
And a Strong Supporting Company in
"HEARTSEASE.'* r/
' '; . Seat Sale Now In Progress.
js A T R >
. M rfti ft o. En*r\ I ' m\ m . - . 7^ *
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:S0, ":
.AND TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AT L ;
¦ ."'.;' .LAST 'TWO NIGHTS .
? Of Milton -Boyle's Comedy Drama,
FRIENDS!
. Reserved Seats— 16c, 23c, 33c, 50c
Next Week— DOUBLE BILL.
•'THE FIRST BORN" ani "GLORIANA."
. . ' :. SEATS. NOW READY. .. - ¦ .
CHUTES>» ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING!
JOSEPHINEDASSMAN
And Ker Threej Pickaninnies..
FORREST SEABURY,
.-•¦-¦' •¦; . •' - HIGH .DIVER.'.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
vGAKEAVALKr.
And flans-McfloTera Fijbf Fictares.
\. Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
RACING ! RACING I I
1 SPRING MEETING-^Openlng April 29.^; *
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND} RACETRACK; ¦
. Racing MondaV. Tuesday, i Wednesday, Thurs-
i>". day • Friday and . Saturday. Rain or shine. •
Five-: or. more 'races -each 'day.",. v > > ..-;
- ' Races ; start : at ; 2 :15 > p. : m. sharp.
-'¦Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12-30 1; 1:30, 2, 2:30 and ' 3 • p. , m. , connecting
with ¦¦ trains - stopping - at ¦ the - entrance to the
track. *¦ Last "¦ two * cars ¦ on ¦- train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. -Buy your
ferry , tickets to Shell *Mound. - 'All trains via
Oakland • mole ; connect ; with ' San ; Pablo : avenue
electric cars . at I Seventh ; and | Broadway, "' Oak-
land. Also all - trains via' Alameda mole - con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, : : Oakland. : '.Thesa electric can
go direct ; to the track in fifteen minutes. '* ; v
•-• Returning— Trains l»ave the track at 4:15 and
'4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.'
-, ,-v THOMAS H. .WILLIAMS - JR.; President, s •
R. ¦ B. < MILROY,' Secretary. ;. -.< •-" .-;• : : , \
FAT AT FfONOMY ?
'-'¦'^K^/|VERY old- maxim declares that it isn't ecori-
om^ to P up pins ; the time is worth more
xMz%2& omy to do without Ivory Soap; your health
the daily removal of the bodily excretions
which are discharged through the pores of the skin*
These tiny .mouths must be. kept open, and they ,
should be opened only with a pure soap.
IVORY SOAP— 99 4 >i& PER CENT. PURE.
% than it docs to prepare a simple luncli the ordinary M
j way. A match is all- the kindling necessary to have a fire for roasting, |
I. baking, boiling or^broiling- at once. . Turn the vnlve and expense stops M
m do not heat the whole kitchen— the heat goes into the cooking and ceases as soon as H
the work is done. It burn* ordinary kerosene oil, — no danger.— no odor,— no grease,' -
s! r— and no aslyss A new^device prevents overflow even if tlie valve. is turned on. full. sa
j Verj' light'-hrinove'it anywhere; v Made iii several sizes, froni one burner to five, j If -j«
I your dealer does uol have. them, write tn the nearest agency of . . S
I \ ' STANDARD ; OIL' COMPANY '' H
' AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT i .
MATINEE TO-DAY— 2:30 P. M.
BARGAIN MATINEES THURSDAYS.
25c and5Oc.
MR. JAMES NEILL
And the NEItii COitPANT.
rresentins CLYDE FITCH'S Dramatic
Triumph,
BARBARA
FRIETCHIE.
Evening 25c, 35c, 50c. 75c, $1.00
Saturday Matinee... 25c. Kc, 73o
Starting: to-morrow night— Second and last
Week of "BARBARA FRIETCHIE."
NEXT-"PHROSO." .
lty T&^y ¦c^^a
QRAND' OPEI=ZA. HOUSE
MATINEES TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW.
\ LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
"GOVERNMENT
ACCEPTANCE,^
Commencing MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
An Elaborate Production of the Sensational
Chinese Drama,
•?THE QUEEN OF CHINATqWN."
One of the biggest successes of the season.
Introducing many specialties. .
PRICES — 10c, 15c, 25c. 60c A few seats, 73c.
A good % reserved seat in orchestra Saturday
and Sunday matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
MATINEE TO-I>AY BEGINS AT 2:3?.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY EVENING— Mati-
nee To-Morrow.
¦ The Champion Feather-Weight.
TERRY McGOVERN: i
IN HIS GREAT SUCCESS.
"THE BOWERY AFTER DARK."
A THREE-ROUND CONTEST Every Evening
In the Last Act Between Terry Mc-
' - Govern and Danny Dougherty.
POirEC EVENINGS 10c, ISc. 25c. 33c. 50o
I nlWCJ. MATINEES ....10c. 15c. 25c ; .
Next Monday — Magnificent Production of the
Big - Melodramatic Success.
S -"SHADOWS OF A GREAT CITY!"-
Grand Flower Show^
California State Floral Society.
GRAND NAVE, FERRY BUILDING.
Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
MAY 16, 17. 18.
ADMISSION 25c. Day and Evening.
BASEBALli;:
SACEAMENTO TS. SAN FRANCISCO
TO-DAY AT. 3:15 P. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREA T7O7V T*A RK, \
Eizhth and Harrison streets. j£qJ
GRAND FAMILY EXCURSION
SANTA CRUZ BEACH.
SUNDAY, MAY 19.
By Council Oakland No. of U. P. E. C.
Leaves 14th and Franklin streets. Oakland, at
7:30. 8 and 8:30 a. m., arriving In Santa Cruz
at n a. m. Returning . at . 6 p. m. Fare, $3 ,
round trip. Children under 13 half price.
Everybody welcome and a i good time guaran-
teed. . Tickets can be bought on train.
FT^rHPR'SI CONCERT HOUSE.
Damery and Bancroft, Augusta Salvini.'
-Clara Palmer Hyde. - De Boe. JJelle 'Wilton,
-Win.' McDonald and Evans. Devees and Evans.
, •. - Reserved Seats, -25c. . Matinee Sunday. '
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGH TS.
Open ' Dally • From • 7 . a.\ m. to 10 p. m.' "•
Bathing: From 7 a. m. to 19 p. m.
-'J ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c
Bathing. Including admission. 25c. Children. 20c.
|r?PALACE HOTEL*
¦ Visitors to San Frondsco who malo
'their. headquarters at these hotels en-
; Joy comforts and . conveniences not to
tie obtained elsewhere. * Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequa.Je<I
cuisine. American and European plans.
»QRANI) HOTEL*. \Steamer i Movements.
TO SAIL.
In twenty years, "at a small lighthouse
in the Orkneys; 14,000 hours of storms
have been recorded. ••• ; .".
CON WALSH GETS THREE MONTHS.—
Con Walsh, : a street orator, who has served
numerous terms for disturbing the peace, got
another three months' sentence from "Judge
Mogan yesterday. Early yesterday morning- he
¦was arrested by Policeman Joy while drunk
and orating at Market. and Turk • streets. "
Cannot Use Appropriation of
One Fiscal" Year in
Another.
.'-A resolution passed by the Board of Su
pervisors authorizing' the; payment * of $500
each to ; the four park panhandle ¦ apprais
ers Is illegal, according to Auditor^Wells,
and consequently is of no force and ', ef
fect. That official/ said yesterday that: he
had made up his' mind to reject . the de
mands, but will first consult with his legal^
adviser. Reuben H. Lloyd, in order to for-"
tlfy himself with the legal points involved
in the case.; ¦ ' . ' ..¦;"-"¦' ¦
: The resolution, which was adopted by
the board" in the meeting: held on May 6
and ' approved by the . Mayor on May 8, '
provides that $2000 - be • authorized" to, be
made out of the general fund "as a partial
payment to S. H. Kent, A.- J.. Baisch, O.
B. Martin and Henry C. Robinson for ser
vices rendered as, members of the board
of appraisers ¦ for the extension, of the
park panhandle, each to receive the sum
of : $500, the . money having been set aside
for this purpose in the budget of 1900-1901.
-The specific ground of the -Auditor's in
tention to hold up the demands is that the
.charter expressly states that no indebted
ness incurred' in one- fiscal? year .shall be
paid out of the funds of another. The
work for which ] the . four appraisers de
mand payment was. performed in the fis
cal year 1899-1900.. The fact that the board
appropriated the' sum of $4000 in the bud
get of the fiscal year 1900-1901 Is of no
a vail,. says the /Auditor, as the charter
provision expressly- forbids such a pro
ceeding. . . ;.
"I have already informed Appraisers
Kent and Raisch-that I fail to see how I
can honor the demands authorized by the
resolution of the board," said the,Aud
itor. "It is very clear that an attempt-is
being . made to • pay claims of one 'fiscal
year out of the funds raised in another,
and this is a palpable violation of the
charter.- These appraisers have already
received $10C0 each, and it looks as if they
/will have to be satisfied with that, as I
do not see how I can afford them any re
lief in the mattef."-
Says There * Are 13 o
Funds for Panhandle ¦•-
Commission. ,
WELLS WILL NOT
PAY APPRAISERS
FROMSEATTL8
TO ARRIVE.
United j States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and; Low -
Waters at Fort -Point, entrance to San
•Francisco Bay. Published - by official au
thority of -the Superintendent. '-,
NOTE — The high ¦ and low waters . occur ' at
the city front (Mission-street ' f wharf) • ¦ about,
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point :
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, MAY 18. r
Sun, Moon and Tide.
St. Dominic's CThtirch ' : Picnic.
:;¦ The ; congregation -. of ' . St. . Dominic's
church .will l hold Its fourth annual 'picnic
and excursion ¦ at j Glen -Ellen » Park, . Sono
ma.' County," next • Thursday.'^ The ; parish
ioners • are . preparing ! f or .; a;^ gala" day and
the i different committees are - sparing l no
pains to make the occasion one long to ba
remembered.' ;'Av special -.train will, leave
the city; from ,Tiburonferry.at'9 a-';m: rAt
the park games will be held and gate and
other prizes . to, the number, of ;150.wllh,be
distributed;.^': J.'*B. rMcIntyre^isi chairman
of . the " general ' committee and - George .' 3d.
Kelly.: secretary. j r.~;.; v 1^. ; . ' -.
NOTE— In " the above exposition of the S tides
the early . morning tides ' are . given in the - left
•band column ; and f the successive ' tides of ¦ the
day in . the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives. the last tide
of the day, . except when there • are but three
tides, as somdtlmes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to tho soundings on the United
States ; Coast Survey ' Charts, \ except , when ; a
minus (-).slgii- precedes the , height, , and then
the number sl^en is subtracted from the depth,
given . by • the : chart ii. : The : plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low, waters.'. . ?..
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office,' U.XS. :N.. ' Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco,, Cat.,
May 17, 1901. :•¦• ¦".. , : , ¦ ¦ ,.--..
' .The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon -to-day—
•l.'e.,"iat noon of : the 120th .meridian,'. or: at 4
o'clock p. m.,- Greenwich time. , •-.-¦•'...., \
I ---,••?•-.. v " -» .; •..-¦ C. G.' CALKINS. -
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. -N.," In -charge
'^ First * Submarine C: Cable. : ' : .
The first submarine cable was laid across the
English Channel , about | fifty years ago. It ! was
also l about i the ¦ Bame'*' timejthat r Hostetter's
Stomach ; Blttera.V the « world-renowned ; dyspepf
sla ¦ cure,'; was /first ; introduced f i to :' the '••; public
If I you 'i are •> a * sufferer i> from * : this »' ailment,*.. 7 or
from indigestion,* flatulency,"' constipation, ner
vousness or insomnia you should try- it at once.
If • you i. would ,be \ well. , It i will : strengthen ' your
entire system , and ; produce sound ¦ Bleep. ¦ . :.
Visited the Warship.'
Secretary of the Navy Long paid a visit
to the battleships Iowa and Wisconsin,
cruiser Philadelphia and the Goat Island
training station yesterday. He was re
ceived on the Iowa by Rear Admiral
Casey and a salute of seventeen guns was
fired. Another salute was given when he
visited the Yvisconsln and again from the
Philadelphia. ,.,.,,
Th<j visiting Congressmen paid a visit
to the transport wharf yesterday morn
ing- They all came to the water front in
automobiles and made a brave showing
as they passed along East street. The
Hon. Julius Kahn showed the party
around.
Movements of Transports.
The Government's big freight, steamship
Samoa went into the stream yesterday
and will sail for Pugret Sound this morn-
Ing. She has aboard 4500 tons of hay and
MK) tons of oats. A further consignment
of 5000 tons of Quartermaster's supplies
will be put aboard at Seattle.
The Lawton is now on Hunters Point
drydock, being overhauled. As soon as
her repairs are completed she will sail for
Manila via Guam.
The repairs to the Sherman are nearing
completion at the Union Iron Works.
When repaired the transport will be prac
tically a new ship, and one of the Hnest of
her class afloat.
Water Front Notes.
An tone Nicholas, one of the crew of. the
steamship Newport, fell Into the hold of
the vessel yesterday and broke six of his
ribs. He -was treated at the Harbor Hos
pital by Drs. von der Leith and Bauer and
later was removed to the United States
Marine Hospital. .
| Captain A. Johnson has 'taken command
of the steamer Coquille River and Captain
J. S. Hellingsen of the brig Galilee. Cap
tain Potter, who has been for years In the
bark Alden Bessie, was yesterday trans
ferred to the command of the barkentine
J. C. Pfluger. The latter vessel was for
merly a German bark, but was dismasted
In a whirlwind and later was condemned
and sold here. She was then refitted and
given an American registry. . ""'¦»
There were fifteen clearances at the
Custom-house yesterday. This fleet will
sail between this and Monday for all parts
of the world. The vessels were all cleared
yesterday because the Custom-house is
closed to-day. "
MEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchajits.
The A. M. Campbell will . load - lumber at
Port Gambia for Honolulu; the Courtney. Ford,
coal at Comox for Bt Michael; the Eva, lum
ber at Grays Harbor for Apia; the John
Smith, lumber at Port Blakeley for Honolulu;
the Mindoro, lumber at , Hastings Mills for
Fremantle. 9 '¦.¦
The Guatemala's Cargo.
The eteamer Guatemala Bailed - yesterday ' for
Valparaiso and way' ports . with -' a general
cargo, • valued - at $18,572, manifested : as ~ f ol-
Iowb: For; Mexico, $16,091; Central America,
$17,793; South America, $14,688. The t ollowlns
were the principal exports: . '. . "_
" For Mexico — 7 cs ammunition, 46 bales bags,
61 cs ' bread, 8 coils cordage, 238 ¦ tons coal. 14
pkgs dry goods, 6 cs drugs, 462 bbls flour, 897
pkgs groceries ¦ and - provisions, ¦ 1345 i lba ham,
257 cs hardware, 103 pea ; Iron, . 10 bbla singer
TT*s Spree May Prove Costly.
Charles H. Young, a rigger, appeared
; before Judge Mogan yesterday on a
charge of petty larceny. He stole eight
newspapers that had been stamped and
addressed from the top of a letter box
¦ at Market and Stockton streets about 11
. o'clock Thursday night. Special Officer
E. D. Murphy saw him and arrested him.
In court yesterday Young said he had no
recollection of what he had done, as he
v.as stupidly drunk. He offered to bring
. a number of witnesses as to his char
• acter. and the Judge continued the case
till Monday.
ANOTHER fleet arrived from the
Islands yesterday. ¦ A strong
northwest . breeze was blowing
and all the vessels took advantage
of it to sail in. At one time there
was just outside the lightship a ship,
three barks, a barkentine and a schooner,
all under short canvas and maneuvering
to be the first to make port.
The peculiarly rigged Olympic came in
over the bar ahead of her rivals, although
she did not make the best run from the
islands. She # is a four-mater and is
square rigged on the fore and main and
fore and aft rigged on the mizzen and
jigger. She brought up 38,878 bags of
sugar, and was twenty-seven days on the
voyage. The Olympic arrived at Hono
lulu partially dismasted. She was caught
in a heavy gale and lost her fore topmast,
jibboom, main topgallant and mizzen top
mast. The damage was repaired at Hono
lulu and the vessel came on to San Fran
cisco.
The second vessel to pass in was the
schooner Mary E. Foster with 27,785 bags
of sugar. She made the run in twenty
four days, but the barkentine Encore,
which followed her in, made the run In
twenty-two days. The latter vessel is in
ballast and was bound for Grays Harbor,
but put in here for orders.
The bark Himalaya, which arrived with
27,161 bags of sugar, made the longest trip
of the fleet. She was thirty-two days on
the run, while the Mohican, the last to
arrive, made it in twenty-four days. The
Mohican brought up 20,843 bags Of sugar.
The British ship Dynomene came here
from Acapulco in ballast. She -made the
run In the good time of thirty-one days.
The chances are that she will load wheat
for Europe.
STEAMSHIP GrTJATEMAIiA SAILS.
Carries Passengers and Mail for
Southern Ports.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany's steamship Guatemala sailed yes
terday for Centrai and South American
ports. She took away every ounce of
cargo she could carry and the following
named passengers:
.Victor Cappa. J. A. Nunez, Maurice Smith,
Mrs. Maurice Smith, John Bradbery, C. A.
Vaughan, M. M. .<le Hurtado, Juan Gonzales,
M. G. Lehmann,' D. Hernandez, J. Sprague,
Max Cardlnas, Samuel Wistern. J. R. Sanchez,
E. Trampe, Mrs. Ida de Seminarlo, Juan de
Semlnarlo, Jose de Semlnario. J. W. Win
stron, W. Boswlth, F. ThyasTMrs.- F. -Thyss,
Miss Julia Thyss, C. Straus. Herman Man
zano, Mrs. C. Cilvas and A. J. Smithers.
John Bradbery is the weir known Los
Angeles clubman. He is on his way to
the Tajo mine near Mazatlan. F. Thyss
is the traveling Inspector of the Comptoir
National d'Escompte de Paris and is on
his way to Mallendo.
ale, 14,635 ft lumber, 47 kegs nails, 22 pkgs
paint. 44 pkgs paste, 18 bales paper, 25 crs
potatoes, 37 bdls pipe, 12 pkgs raisins, 1520 lba
soda, 100 bdls shooks, 6 cs salmon, 7320 lbs
tallow, 1400 gal3 wine, 10 cs whisky.
For Central America— 2166 lbs beans, 41 cs
canned goods, 6 tons coal, 5 tons coke, 550 lbs
dried fruit, 34 pkgs dry goods, 4 cs electrical
supplies, 3317 bbls flour, 97 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 25 kegs lead, 21 cs 5 bbls oil, 53 cs
paints, 11 pkgs raisins, 24 cs salmon, 23 bdls
spices, 16 cs turpentine, .7 bbls . tar, 1064 gals
wine. . ,
For South Amerlca<^-750 cs salmon, 48 cs
canned goods, 11 pkgs groceries, 3308 bbls
flour, 1265 lbs codfish, 151 pes pipe, 1011 . rail
road ties, 10 reels wire, 10 cs candles, 23 kegs
spikes. . , .
Shipping 1 Inteligence.
ARRIVED."
• Friday, May 17.
Stmr Ruth, Klgrtns, 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Cell a, Hlggrins. 17 hours from Albion.
Stmr Del Norte, Stockfieth, 36 hours from
Srescent City.
Stmr Navarro, Jacobs, 10 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Celia, Hteglns, 17 hours from Albion.
Stmr Samoa, Hansen. 45 hours from San
Pedro. • ¦' . r
Stmr Uroatllla, Cousins, 68 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports. . ' ,
U » stmr Sheridan, •Pierce, 25 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 18 days. '
Br ship Dynomene, Snodden, 31 . days from
Acapulco. • ..-..- .. -.• . ¦ .
Bark Olympic, Gibbs, 27 days . from Hono
lulu. -.. - ;:.,-. .. . , : -
Bark Mohican, Kelly, ,, 24 ' day ¦ from Hono
lulu. '. . ,
Bark - Himalaya, 'Williams, 32 days from
Honolulu. . . . '
- ; Bktn Encore, Palmgren, 22 days from Hono
lulu. ...
Schr Wing and Wing:, Hansen, 10 days from
Siuslaw River. :: v
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen, 20 hours from Iver
sens' Landing. — - . • • ,
Schr Mary E Foster, Thompson, 24 days from
Honolulu. ; -..',
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Larsen, 10 hours from
Fort Ross. , I . :-¦¦:
CLEARED. j
Friday, May 17.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman. Seattle; E T Kruse.
Stmr Pomona, . Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad & Nav Co.
Stmr Roanoke, Weaver, St Michael, via Se
attle; Johnson-Locke Mercantile Co.
Stmr Newport, Saunders, Panama; Pacific
Mall Steamship Co. . .. - •
Stmr Santa Ana, Strand, Seattle: Johnson-
Locke Mer Co. • •
Stmr Zealandia, Dowdell, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Nor Btmr Kvarven, Kanltz, Comoz; Cal &
Oriental SS Co.
Br stmr Guatemala, Harris, Valparaiso, etc;
Balfour, Guthrle & Co. • "
-Bark Kalulani, Debel, Honolulu; Williams,
DImond & Co.
¦ Bktn J C Pfluger, Potter, "Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. : . .>
Brig Galilee, Hellingsen, Mahukona; Hind,
Rolnh & Co. ¦ '>. * . .
I Schr Herman, Falkmrfn, Kodlak; North Am
Com Co.
Schr Mary Dodge, ' Olseri, Lahaina and Ma
bukona; The Chas Nelson Co.
: . SAILED. • .
. . Friday. May 17.
¦Stmr Scotia, Walvir, . r \ ¦-:¦;.'- __/.:. v
. Stmr Washtenaw,- Zolllng. Tacoma.
: Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, Usal. • ' _,..
' Stmr-Glpsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
" Stmr CpQUille -River, Green, .»;",'¦."'."¦-
I Br stmr Guatemala, Harris, Valparaiso.
Br 8tnjr Condor, Anderson, Vancouver.' ', ; V.\.
Ger ship Osorno, Albrand, Queenstown.
Schr La GIronde, Hansen, Coos Bay..
SPOKEN.
Per schr Chas E Falk, at Eureka— May 14,
10 miles oft Eureka^ brig W G Irwin, hence
May 8, for Roche Harbor, and not brig Harriet
G, as before reported. ¦;
Per bark Mohican— May 16, 115 mile* west of
San Francisco, ship C F Sargent, from Ta
coma, for Honolulu.
March 27. lat 53 S, no Ion— Br. ship Argus,
from Hamburg, for • Honolulu. ' ¦•
TELEGRAPHIC.
April 25, on the equator, Ion 27 '"W— Br ship
Scottish Isles, from Oregon, for Queenstown. ¦
April 12, lat 2 S, Ion 28 W— Fr bark Lamorl
clere, hence Jan 7, for Queenstown.
TELEGRAPHIC. - •
POINT LOBOS, May 17, ' 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 24 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
> TACOMA— Arrived May. 17— Schr Sailor Boy,
hence April 28. • ¦ ¦
COOS BAY— Arrived May 17— Stmr Arcata,
hence May 14; -schr, Glen, hence May:7.
- SEATTLE— Arrived -May 17— Stmrs City of
Seattle and Ellhu Thomson, from Alaska.
Sailed May 1G— Stmrs Dirlgoi and Al-Ki, for
Skaruay.
SAN PEDRO- Arrived May 17— Stmr AIca-'
zar, from Eureka. . •* , '¦•-
1 Sailed May 17— Stmr Robert -Dollar,- for San
Francisco. - ~ " ,'••
• ASTORIA— Arrived May 17— Stmr Signal,
henceMay 12. >• •¦¦¦:• ¦; ¦..
PORT ¦ GAMBLE— Sailed May 17— Schr Ida
Schnauer, for San Francisco.' s. ¦
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. Australia— Sailed ; May 16—
Ship Fort • George, • for Honolulu; bark. St
James, for Honolulu. .• •;-. .• ¦ .
ALT AT A— Sailed May 7— Schr Halcyon,, for
San Francisco. '¦ ¦ <¦¦'
CARDIFF— Arrived May 16— Br bark Kilmal
lie, from Tacoma. v " •, . ¦••¦• ~
C ALL AO— In port April 8— Br ship Galgate,
for Oregon. ¦ • ¦ ¦. •-_ . .
AC APULCO— Sailed April 16— Br . ship Dyno
mene, for San Francisco. • . -; ¦,
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed May 3— Ger »tmr Pen
taur, for* Hamburg.' ¦¦ . ' - . ¦
HONGKONG— Sailed Ma^. 18— Br itmr"Em
press of Japan, for Vancouver. -. ••¦'.,¦ :¦-¦¦.¦'
i MANCHESTER— Arrived May ' 16— B - rtsmr
Westmlnete, hence Feb 16.- ' ; .:
i HULL— Arrived . " May . 16— Br ," 0tmr . Heath
crafr. ¦ hence ¦ Feb 25. . .' . "¦ . • ' ...
IX) VER- Passed May 17— Br ¦ ship Helens
burgh, hence Jan 14, for, United Kingdom."' -.:
: NANAIMO— Sailed May. 17— Nor. stmr, Tlta
nla, for San Francisco. ' . v ' .'" ¦ ¦
OCEAN | STEAMERS.
CORONEL^-ArrlvedVMay : 18 — Stmr Ammon,
from Hamburg, via' Genoa, " etc/: for San Fran
cisco. <OrM«MMBBBH|f^ttHm$g|tfiM^£^>a*g<i>:!
MANCHESTEat— Arrived May 16— Stmr West
minster, from 1 San Francisco, - via Coronel and
Bt Vincent. • ' • ".•--/ ... .
; LIVERPOOL— Arrived - . May " IS— Stmr / Ger
manic,'from New York. :. May. l7-^3tmr Com
monwealth, from Boston. '¦¦.•¦¦
¦ Sailed May 17— Stmr Dominion, for •— .
MOVIL.LE— Sailed May ." 17— Stmr Lusitanla,
from - Liverpool, for Quebec.'vigttrAatqggpnBM
SOUTH AMPTON— Sailed - - M&y ; 17— Etmr Co
¦ lumbia, • from ¦ Hamburg,"' for > New Tork. v . • -. -
.BOSTON— Arrived May 7— Stmr,UHonla/ from
Liverpool. - " v >%j^9B4U Wi f* w *iW: 1: O*jeWj
' NEW YORK— Arrived May 17— Stmr Auguste
¦Victoria, from '¦ Hamburg,- etc.- '• • '
* Sailed : May. 17— Stmr • Hesperta, for ' Mediter
ranean ports; etrnr Cufic,' for Liverpool. •:¦:¦¦-¦
, HA VRB— Arrived : May . 17— Stmr * La Cham
pagne, for New York. -- ', -
CHE^lBOURa-^Sailed May ': 17— Btmr • Colum-
BARK OLYMPIC. -WHICH WAS PARTIALLY DISMASTED IN A GALE OFF THE COAST OF HAWAII. SHE IS A
FOUR-MASTER, SQUARE RIGGED ON THE FORE AND MAIN AND FORE AND AFT RIGGED ON THE MlZ
ZEN AND JIGGER MASTS. • " ,
VERY LENIENT
WITH HERLIHY
\ Supervising Inspector
Reduces His Sen
tence.
— ¦ : — •
Pilot Jordan Censured for
Steering the Rio in a
Fog.
."¦¦¦•...¦ .¦
Captain John Benninghain, United
• States supervising inspector of steam
vessels, handed down a decision yester
day in the roaiter of the revocation by
the United States local Inspectors of the
. license of Chief Engineer P. H. Herllhy
of the To-eck^d Rio de Janeiro. The local
inspectors. Captains Bolles and Bulger, re
• voked Herlihy's license because the testi
mony showed that he had been guilty of
neglect of duty by failing to be at his
post on the morning of February 22, when
, the Rio tras wrecked.
Inspector Bermingham. also finds Her
• Hhy guilty and approves of the conviction
by the local inspectors, but scales down
the sentence by revpking Herlihy's license
for three months only. The reason as
signed for this leniency is the . previous
good reputation of Herlihy, his poverty
and bis large family depending upon him.
for support. Captain John K. Bulger is
exonerated from the charge of prejudice
and his findings are approved.
Pilot Jordan is censured for his disas
trous attempt to navigate the vessel in a
¦ fog. In dealing with this phase of the
; subject Captain Bermingham says:
, Jordan «as then aad had been from the time
he boaided the ship the previous day right
fully ir. chartre of the navigation of the ehlp,
hence was not obliged to obey the orders of
Captain Ward. Caoiam .Ward could have re
' lieved him if he chose and. taken charire of .
the navication of the vessel if he- desired to
take 60 e-rt-at a responsibility, but he did not
: do it, therefore, in my Ju-Jgment, ¦ when the
pilot proceeded without remonstrance and left
a mile anchorage to enter the harbor during: a
fog ar.d darkness he did so on his own res
ponsibility. • • •
At all e\-ents, the pilot was !n no way Justi
fied in leaving a safe anchorage, as he did,
and penetrating a dense tog during 1 the pre
vailing darkness of night. Therefore, with all
, due respect to the Pilot Commission which
¦ acquitted him, I am of the opinion that to the
' unsklUfulness of the pilot may be attributed
the disaster. Shipmasters frequently bring
their ships safely through the Golden Gate un
der similar Conditions and are complimented
for it by their passengers, but it is a danger
ous proceeding, especially 60 in a large vessel
like the Rio de Janeiro. • • •
The case of Herlihy is then commented
upon as follows:
The appellant Herlihy when giving his testi
mony Khowed that he had been well coached
and evaded many of the pertinent questions
• put to him by the court as to his conduct on
that occasion. Had he and all his assistants
i been at their posts where the printed orders
of General llanayer Sch-vrerin positively re
quired them to be *he watertlzht door of the
bulkhead between the nreroom and the coal
bunkers could' have been, sooner closed, also
the hir.red door at the mouth of the tunnel
between the engine and boiler rooms could
• jiossibly with more assistance have been closed
in the earlier stage of the water and without
endangering the lives of the people in the fire
: room. The closing of that door might have
kept the water out of the engine-room for a
¦ longer time.
TUB ¦> SAN> -FK A3N CISCO ;C ALL., S AT U 'KJD A^Y^^ttAY. 1 8, 1 90 1". '¦¦>
Bark Olympic, Which Was Dismasted Off Honolulu in a Hurricane,
Makes a Fair Run to This Coast— Barkentine^Encore, Bound
- . for Grays Harbor in Ballast,. Puts in -Here to Make Repairs
FLEET OF SUGAR BOAS ARRIVES
IN PORT FROM HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
bla,- from Hamburg and Southampton, for New
York. .•-, . - • . , -
LIZARI>-Passed May 17— Stmr Grosser Kur
furst,. from New York, .for Cherbourg and
Bremen.";.- : >" ¦ '
&
8
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
Pulton ..'..
San Pedro....
Pomona......
Corona
Zealandla....
Newport......
G. W. Elder.
Point Arena..
Acme ..
Czarina.......
Santa Rosa. . .
O. Dollar.....
W. Kruger..'.
R. Dollar....
Rival
May 18.
Grays Harbor .....
Humboldt
Humboldt <..'
Newport-
Honolulu s ; ':. .. . .....
Panama & .- Way. .
Astoria & Portland
Point Arena
TUlamook Bay.....
Seattle & Tncoma.
Mny 10.
San Diego.
May, 2O. .
Grays Harbor ....
nilamook Bay
Seattle & Hadlock
Willapa Harbor....
I May 21.
Humboldt
Puget . Sound Ports
China and Japan..
Coos Bay
Newport
May 22.
Grays Harbor .....
San Diego
May 23.
Astoria & Portland
May 24.
Nome via Seattle..
Seattle & ¦ Tacoma.
5 pm
S pm
4 pm
9 am
10 am
12 m
11 am
2 pm
12 m
12 -m
I 9 am;
S pm
5 pm
5 pm
12, m
Pier 19
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 7
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier i
Pier 11
iPier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
5th st
Eureka.......
Umatllla......
Coptic
Arcata
Bonlta...
9 am
11 am
1 pm
12 m
9 am
Pier 13
Pier 9
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 11
1
Corona do
Queen.. '
6 pm]
a am
Pier -2
Pier 11
Columbia
-
11am
Pier 24
Valencia
S. Portland...
........
Pier —
Pier —
I.,. -..I
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
City of Seattle.
State of Cal.....
Victorian
Chas. Nelson...
Farallon......"..
Cottage City. . .
Kxcelslor r..
Ruth
Santa Ana......
Humboldt
Centennial...."..
Boanoke...
Skagruay & Way Ports.. May 19
Skaguay & Way Ports.. I May 20
Skagruay & Way Ports.. I May 23
Skaguay. & Way Ports.." JRIay 23
Skaguay. & Way Ports.. May 23
Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 25
Valdez & Way Ports. . May 25
Golovln Bay direct.:.:. May 25
Nome & St. Michael... May 27
Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 27
Nome &- Port Clarence. May 2S
Nome and St. Michael. | May 29
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Acme .V. .... Siuslaw Riven .'. . .
Rival..... Willapa Harbor ...:.....
Kambyses...... Hamburg & Way Ports
R. Dollar...... San Pedro ...:.
Eureka.... Humboldt ..;. ...:..
Arcata.. Coos Bay/
Bonita Newport, .................
Queen San Diego..........
Columbia Portland and Astoria...
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro :
Horda Oyster Harbor ..........
America Ma.ru. China and Japan........
Titanla Nanalmo I
Empire Coos Bay, ......:
Pomona Humboldt ..>..«.:..
City of Puebla.. Puset Sound Ports......
North Fork..... Humboldt
Coronado San Pedro ...:...:. ...:.,
South Portland. Seattle and Tacoma;.;..
Matteawan..... Taeoma .......:..........
Mandalay....... Coqullle River :.
Acapulco....... Panama & Way Ports.
Corona .:... Newport .'.......
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Santa Rosa San Diego
Point Ar<>na Point Arena ............ |
G. W. Elder.... Portland & Astoria.
Palena:. .Valparaiso via Panama
May 18
May 18
May 18
May 19
May la
May 19
May 19
May 19
May 20
May 20
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 23
May 23
May. 23
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 25
iun'
•loo;
ets :
sets
.0:00 )
.4:57
.7:15
1. m:
Date
1
Time
I. W
!PL
iTimel
I
H.W
!FL-
Time
L,W
" 6:00
' 6:51
H W
2:14
• 3:06
4:00
4:50
5:38
I Ft.
Time
H W
11:14
Ft.'"
6:21
6:11
H W
0:00
0:53
1:50
-2:50
. 3:59
—1.2
—1.3
12:26
1:20
L W
,7:00
7:51
8:42
9:36
10:29
4.9
5 5.0
I 2.6
6.6
18 .:.
19 ...
:y ..
!1V V |
6^
6.1
5.8
x 5.3
.4.7
-1.2
—1.0
—0.6
-0.1
0.4
5.0
5.1
5.1
'5.2
-5.3
L W
6:41
7:45
8:58
10:16
11:35
Vr-;
¦3.0
1 3.2
2.9
1 2.5
a . -..
!3,...
* ...|
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
Pulton ..'..
San Pedro....
Pomona......
Corona
Zealandla....
Newport......
G. W. Elder.
Point Arena..
Acme ..
Czarina.......
Santa Rosa. . .
O. Dollar.....
W. Kruger..'.
R. Dollar....
Rival
May 18.
Grays Harbor .....
Humboldt
Humboldt <..'
Newport-
Honolulu s ; ':. .. . .....
Panama & .- Way. .
Astoria & Portland
Point Arena
TUlamook Bay.....
Seattle & Tncoma.
Mny 10.
San Diego.
May, 2O. .
Grays Harbor ....
nilamook Bay
Seattle & Hadlock
Willapa Harbor....
I May 21.
Humboldt
Puget . Sound Ports
China and Japan..
Coos Bay
Newport
May 22.
Grays Harbor .....
San Diego
May 23.
Astoria & Portland
May 24.
Nome via Seattle..
Seattle & ¦ Tacoma.
5 pm
S pm
4 pm
9 am
10 am
12 m
11 am
2 pm
12 m
12 -m
I 9 am;
S pm
5 pm
5 pm
12, m
Pier 19
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 7
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier i
Pier 11
iPier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
5th st
Eureka.......
Umatllla......
Coptic
Arcata
Bonlta...
9 am
11 am
1 pm
12 m
9 am
Pier 13
Pier 9
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 11
1
Corona do
Queen.. '
6 pm]
a am
Pier -2
Pier 11
Columbia
-
11am
Pier 24
Valencia
S. Portland...
........
Pier —
Pier —
I.,. -..I
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
City of Seattle.
State of Cal.....
Victorian
Chas. Nelson...
Farallon......"..
Cottage City. . .
Kxcelslor r..
Ruth
Santa Ana......
Humboldt
Centennial...."..
Boanoke...
Skagruay & Way Ports.. May 19
Skaguay & Way Ports.. I May 20
Skagruay & Way Ports.. I May 23
Skaguay. & Way Ports.." JRIay 23
Skaguay. & Way Ports.. May 23
Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 25
Valdez & Way Ports. . May 25
Golovln Bay direct.:.:. May 25
Nome & St. Michael... May 27
Skaguay & Way Ports.. May 27
Nome &- Port Clarence. May 2S
Nome and St. Michael. | May 29
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Acme .V. .... Siuslaw Riven .'. . .
Rival..... Willapa Harbor ...:.....
Kambyses...... Hamburg & Way Ports
R. Dollar...... San Pedro ...:.
Eureka.... Humboldt ..;. ...:..
Arcata.. Coos Bay/
Bonita Newport, .................
Queen San Diego..........
Columbia Portland and Astoria...
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro :
Horda Oyster Harbor ..........
America Ma.ru. China and Japan........
Titanla Nanalmo I
Empire Coos Bay, ......:
Pomona Humboldt ..>..«.:..
City of Puebla.. Puset Sound Ports......
North Fork..... Humboldt
Coronado San Pedro ...:...:. ...:.,
South Portland. Seattle and Tacoma;.;..
Matteawan..... Taeoma .......:..........
Mandalay....... Coqullle River :.
Acapulco....... Panama & Way Ports.
Corona .:... Newport .'.......
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Santa Rosa San Diego
Point Ar<>na Point Arena ............ |
G. W. Elder.... Portland & Astoria.
Palena:. .Valparaiso via Panama
May 18
May 18
May 18
May 19
May la
May 19
May 19
May 19
May 20
May 20
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 23
May 23
May. 23
May 23
May 23
May 23
May 25
iun'
•loo;
ets :
sets
.0:00 )
.4:57
.7:15
1. m:
Date
1
Time
I. W
!PL
iTimel
I
H.W
!FL-
Time
L,W
" 6:00
' 6:51
H W
2:14
• 3:06
4:00
4:50
5:38
I Ft.
Time
H W
11:14
Ft.'"
6:21
6:11
H W
0:00
0:53
1:50
-2:50
. 3:59
—1.2
—1.3
12:26
1:20
L W
,7:00
7:51
8:42
9:36
10:29
4.9
5 5.0
I 2.6
6.6
18 .:.
19 ...
:y ..
!1V V |
6^
6.1
5.8
x 5.3
.4.7
-1.2
—1.0
—0.6
-0.1
0.4
5.0
5.1
5.1
'5.2
-5.3
L W
6:41
7:45
8:58
10:16
11:35
Vr-;
¦3.0
1 3.2
2.9
1 2.5
a . -..
!3,...
* ...|
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Household
Economy.
We have never asked you to
buy COTTOLENE because it is
cheap. We want you to buy it
because it is the best shortening
and frying medium produced. It'
makeir "the ; most delicious ' and
wholesome biscuits, crusts, muf-'
fins, cakes, etc.,; that ever de-
lighted hungry man.
Nevertheless, there is economy
in using it, as you require gorily
two-thirds as much Cottolene for
shortening as you do of lard, but-
ter" or any other cooking fat.
Th'eh isn't it wasteful not to use
White
Cottolene
BThe NXFalrbank Company,
Cnlca«o-Solo Manufacturers.
FPFFt ' Our dainty • booklet,
11VL.L.1 <- A public Secret,"
mailed free to any address.
• . For two 2c stamps we will
send free our 125-page recipe
*. book, "Home Helps," edited
. . by Mrs. Rorer.. ¦
P. S.—ISo Hog Fat in COTTOLENE
(Iff- Shirt §
Wt and I
pi khaki I
;Th3 Yankea and the /?jMV 1 '•
. Engllstitaian ''An War jWt^Tf i<
James F. J- Archibald.; ;t-r
Asia/ . «y : ;
v Am3rica and S:ulh Africa." | |3
¦ 100 photographs. , i ]&
\ Cloth; 269 pp. $1150. M €&k
J>Siiv er, Bnrde tt& Company
' i New York Bostoa ; Chicago.
DR.MEYERS&CO, J^^s,
Specialists. >' Dls- -', w*
ease and Weakness <Egm ;ggx. J *S9
fished 18S1.V Consul- :-'|| •'"'f@?^f':'-- i -'
'i tation ' and - private , . \3li5j',,' ': • /.-wi \ '
book free, at office iQHllr JcWMii&m
or by mail. ¦; Cures RSw^BW^k
guaranteed. 731 rsSi***l' i '«\BS
Market street (ele- A^^J^fflSr'
vator entrance;, : JK I ¦
' San Francisco. ', >', i
.'[ BAjA'jCAl-lFORNIA
Damiana BittiBrs
ib A UKEATKksTbKATlVK.- IN VlUOiLi..',
tor. and Nervine. ,. * ¦ <:'"¦•
. 'The ' most i wonderful - aphrodisiac ' and i Special
Tonic ' tor the .' Sexual i Organs, for I both I sexes. I ..
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-*
neys and Bladder.-: Sells on its own merits. .
,."? . NABER. ALFS & ¦ BRUNE.T Agents. 'J..'
.¦~Ut Market it, S. F.— (Send for Circular!.)
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bradford Quicksilver Mine,
San Benito County.
Silver Creek Quicksilver Mine,
Santa Clara County.
Havlng/bcuEht and developed these mines,
durtngr the past three years, and now deslrlne
to build expensive furnaces, we offer to the
public the balance of the Treasury Stock, about ',
SO, 000 shares In each company, on the follow- :
ing terms: Z:.C
50 CENTS PER SHARE.
Xa stock sold unless equal amount is taken
In each company. • -»
Both mines under 'one management.
VAST QUANTITIES OF RICH ORE AXr-
KEADT DEVELOPED.
DIVIDENDS WILL BE PAID AS SOON AS
FURNACES ARE RUNNING.
Quicksilver mines are the most permanent
and profitable of all mines. Our mines are
adjacent to mines that have produced over
noo.000,000 worth of quicksilver.
Let us show you these mines, and Judge for
yourself.
We guarantee to pay all assessments on this
etock for five years.
The money obtained from the eale of stock
•«viH be used in the construction of Scott Fur-
naces, which Mr. Bobart Scott is now building, i
f>nd developments, wnich will immediately raise
the price of the etock.
H. R. BRADFORD.
President and General Manager.
7 North Market St.. SAN JOSE. CAL.
Prospectus and Exhibit at Branch Office,
413 Kearoy Ft., Sauv Francisco.
... F. DE FREITAS. Agent. .
World Famous Mariam ionic
A SMALL WINEGLAS FUL IS
A LARGE DOSE OF 0
Health, Strength^ Vigor
At Druggists Throughout the World, v
d visit DR. JORDAN'S creat^
{HUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
¥ Q) i:nttAEZZTST.tet.6:fck7a,S.r.Cal.4
\ fci The Largest Anatomical Museum fa the \
R _ i.Tri_ _ World. Weaknesses or any contracted a
" vS 3S#3 diie»se r»«««l»^l 7 o«r«><h y the oldcit T
O /E A I Specilia on the Coast. t»L 36 years. C
4 i^^l DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN d
1 f Consultation free and ttrictly privite. \
§ f YX«7n Treatment personally or by letter. A C
\ B y tl u Awttin Cartmcrerycaieundenaken. T
MF If (1 0 Write for Book. FBlLOKUFnV of A
'a IP K»KBIACC. MAILED FREE. (A?
JL (l I}- »a!uab'.e book (or mm) ¦ \
9 DR. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. P. f
8^
BEl^ W*.vip£Jm Wj^^^hh Aft* Kfc
B flk ftwi pum m^B flBi^l WBk yM #M
»;' Ok b ESS ESiS B3 •**4ji ¦> iBsk sS
fft/Vl Standard remedy for Gleet, y^ 1 "^ I
Wi^Jm Gonorrhoea and Runnings /utrv/ 1 I
IN 48 HOURS. Cures Kid- liulUl J I
and Bladder Troubles.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
v bear signature of /^^-^zS^,
Very small axtd-as easy
• : v to take as sugar.
btil CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS.
idbrr-TBr FOR BILIOUSNESS. pr . nn ., p
GFNUINE WbT/fd for torpid liver. GENUINE
iSVLK FO r COMSTIPATIOM.
?cd H JSI FOR SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPER
WRAPPER JVJ^M I FOR THE COMPLEXION ""^^^
'^RIISTTEP^OISr -REP' FAFER. ff
. EAELWAT TBAVEL. ' ] . • ¦> ,
W * Just a little better > »
B than an^ other train %
I — a little better scrvtca— ' |
a a more homelik* a
B feeling on the 0
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
S than you find elsewnere, ; |
I ind it runs tike this |
1 LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO |
I9anMonTuesW9dThurFri5alSun 1
ARRIVES CHICAGO / |
2.15 pm Thar Fri Sat Sun Ron Tues Wed S
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO I
. ON THE |
.SANTAFE J
CALIFORBU BORTHmSTEM EL CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:C0, 11:00 L m.; 13 :35.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursday 3— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. rn. .
SUNDAYS— 8:00, »:30. U!00 a. m.: 1:50, 3:»,
fi^O, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at l:ii
and 6:35 p. m. ~ : -
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:». 11:10 a, m.; 1:40, »:40.
5:05. ti:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. .
Leave I In Effect I . Arrive
San Francisco. |April 23, 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I j Sun- I Week
I Days. 1 days. | Destination. [ days. | Days.
7:30 am S:C0am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
' 5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
|" Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:33 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am . .. <
Lytton.
Geyservllle.'
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm J:30pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml 'Hopland 110:40 am 1 10: 25 am
¦ 3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:23 am
8:d0am GuernevlUe. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm <:20 pra
7:33 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm; 6:20 pm
. Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Spring:; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville foi» Skagga Springs ; at Cloverdale
for _the • Geysers: at Hopland for- Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake port and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
! Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake.- Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley*s Bucknells.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr'a Hot
. Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. West-
1 port, Usal, JVillits, Laytonville, Cummins.
j Bell's ¦ Springs. Harris, .Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
1 and Eureka. - •
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
. duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
l Ticket Office— 650 Market street. Chronicle •
. . Building, t*
H. C WHITING. ~ R.- X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pasa. Agt,
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a S:Cfl p 4-20 o
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p T-ffi p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a 7.
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:03 a
" Hanford . 4:22 p 3:Z7 p 7:08 a
" Vlnalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4r4S a
••-Tulare ... 4:21 p 4:2Tp 5:05 a
" Bksfleld . 6:50 p 6:20 p 7:J0 a
" Kan City J:41 a 7:30 a -, .
"Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p ........ \j
' a for mornlr.tr. p for afternoon. •
" • »:00 a. m. train is the California Limited •
Carrying Palace Sleeping Car* and Dlnln*
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
I first-class passengers. No second-class
.tickets aro honored on this train. Corre-
I (ponding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. dally
I ,,4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:C5 a. m. dally.
8:C0 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cutu out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding . train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally
7:20 a. m. la Bakersfleld Local, stoopinsj
at all points tn San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily
» Offices — U\ Market street «nd In Ferry
Denot, San Francisco; 111S Broadway
Oakland. .
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
* Vl» 3»aj»a:» r«rry— 7>et of Vulisl 3t.
IMVt tlN PMN. , M >MI««U« PM*.
v« t £ \ • ¦¦ - • WEBK DAira - - 5 TS I S*
S-no \ v o*)A.M,
j]|t| .......STINDAYa p*;«:
- Tin. 9u rrsndwo Is B«mal» *nt Rttnro, ti.rt ,"
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & SanaalUo yerry.
SDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I G12& HEARST ST. Established
\tn 1S54 for tho treatment of PrlT»t»
J Diseases. Lout Manhood. Debility or
ldl.u>aso wearing on body and mlml and
4 Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
Bothers fall. Try him. Charges low.
1l'nrc«;a»nuit«;r.l. Call or writ*
; t»r. J. JF. Q1BBOM. Mau JTr>nci8CO. CaL
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I^EARNY AND WASHINGTON ST3.— RE-
*»modeledand renovated. » KINO, 'WARD A
CO. European plan. -Rooms, 50o to tl SO day;
|5 to IS week; $8 to «0 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water 1 every room; flr« grates la every
room; elevator run* all night.
EAILWAY TBAVEL.'
Enough for |
Anybody
! , No one could ask for a nicer
trip. Good clean beds; good
¦ places ' for grub baskets;
obliging train men; plenty "of
time and' chance to replenish
eatables. We think the Bur-
¦ • lington Excursions good
enoughTor anybody.
_. H. P. Light.
The Burlington Overland Excursions j
leave ; San Francisco Tuesdays and
Thursday* — Omaha, Kansas City,
- St. Louis, Chicago — EVERY-
' WHERE East. Tickets and berths
\ ¦ a'—- "
j»j^J^SRSS] 631 Market Street,
IliimiulrUiilil San Francisco t
I'^IW^ D ' Sanborn » ' '
I^BHagM^l General Agent.
SOUTHERN PAOIPIO.
MAN riCAMt:iM( O.
(JIaiu Line, Foot of Market Street)
X.SA.VK — From May 5,1301. — arritb
7:30a Benida, Suisuii, Elmira, Vac»tille,
RumseyandUseramento.... 7:3Sp
?>30a Davis, Woodland. Knight* Landing,
MarjaTille. Orofille... ; 7:3-1p
7i30a Atlmntio Kipresa— Ogden aod K»at l2:USr
7<3Oa Port » oati, Murtlacz, Fresno, Han<
ford, Vianlia, Vurter:i:ie.. 4:33*
. 8:0Oa Martinex, Sau ttaiuuu, Vallejo, Kapa,
Ualinttsga and Santa Uosa... U:33»
8:0«a NUeg,Plea»anton, Livermors, Stcck-
, ton, Fresno, Hanford. Visalia,
ForterTillo .._»»,-. 7:8a»
8:8Oa Shasta Kxpresa— l»Tis, Willi ms (for
Bartlett Springs), Willi we. Bed
Bluff, PortlandV.. 7:M»
• i30a Ban .lose, liTermorp, 8tocktou,
- .'¦ ¦ lone. Hacramouto. Tl% .utTlile, "
Mrtrygvillr, C'hlco, U.<1 U nr 4:23r
' 8s3Oa Oakdalr, Chinese (Yeas Jiite), . Ho- ' ¦
- nora. Carters..... 4:23r
O:OOa Hiiywanls, Nilrnmd W ty Stations. 11:33a
- O:OOa Loa Angeles Express — Martinez,
/ Tracy, 7j»Wir«p, b imi too, Merced
' Fremio ami Los Angeles .......... 7:S3»
OiHOa Vjilli-J.i. Marllujiitml Way Stations a:3Sr
' IO:OOa The OTerlatul Limited— Ogden, Den»
. Ter, Omaha. C'lilcag'i
* fl:OOr Siicrameiitu KlTerMtexiiiem. ........ f 3 ' 00 *
. 3:3»p Uaywards, Nllrs and Way .Stations. 7:33p
V 4io»r lleuicla. Winters, Hscrmneuto,
WiHiillaiul, Kuililits Jjiudiiij;.
- Mitrysrillt!,OrnTill«.. ............. IO:33a
, 4:«o v Martlnex. H«;i Knnioii. ValleK
- - Nupii. (JuIIhIoki*. Smita Uosa. I»i23a
4:O0p Nilex, Livermore, Stockton, Loili... l«i33A
4:U«r Haywards. Nilen Bail June, IJvtnnore |S:»5a
S:OOp Tim Oivl lAinitod— Tracy, Stockton,
Fresuo. . BakenfleM. Wangus for
Santa Htrbara, Los Aupeles ...... 8:53*
' 5:00p New Orleans EipreMi— Bakersfleld.
. . Los Angeles, D mtog. £1 Paso.
• 7 ; ; -v Naw Orleans and Kas» 7:33a
-. 5:0«>p Yosemit-.! 7i33a
• es««p Hay war d«, Mies and Han Jose 7:55 a
tO:OOp VhIIc-Jo ll>354
UiOUr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cheyenne,
Omajia, Chicago l'£:S*r
. 8:0 Op Oriental M Ail— Ogden, - Denrer,
Omaha. Chicago........... % . 4s»Sr
. 7:00 r Oregon and Califnrnia Kx|>resR,Ha0.
mineiitii, IMarjmlllti. i'ttililtiiK,
. l'oi tliiini, I'uget Hound ami Kasl 8:33a >
- 8t«3p San Fablo, Port Costa, Martiaea
and Way HlaUous.. , 11:33a
t«:O3p Vallfjo 7:53y
COAST LINE (JUrroir U*n K t).
,. (Foot ot Market Street.) -j
J7l 13a Santa Cruz Excurs'oa to rianta Ciiu
and Principal Way Stations |S:03»
8>I3a Nei7ark.CViitBr»i!!e,Han.JoaB, Ppltoii,
UouiUer Cii:ek.Saiita Crux and Way
Stations..; 8s00»
tailrtp Newark CentervlllH, San Joss, Now
. * Alniaileo, S'nlton, KnnMer Ihreek, -
Santa. Cruz ami l'rlucipal Way
, Stations........... il«»»«A
««I3p Newark. Sau Jose. Lo* Oatos.....| jiSlsol
'CREEK ROUTE FERRY. ~ ,
from SIN FRlfiCISGO— f«t »f Mirk it Streit (Slip 8)— '
t7:lS 9:00 . 11:00a.m. 1:C3 3:03 5:15r.».
¦ rrimOHUlID— r»tl •! Br««i"«j.— 1«:00 t8:00 tS.-Oi
. 10:0Oa.m." .13:00 3:03 l:03r.tf. * -
CJOASTIjINE (Broa<l (JoBge). •
CfhlrdaiidTo\»usenUSt3.)_ '. ,.
' Ox I «a Ban Jose and Way .stations. - tfsavp
t7:0OA Han Jose ami W»yStKili»ns l«30r ;
¦ t7tUVA Sunday . Excursion for Ban , Jcee,
V' -.' Santo 'Cruz,' P«dflo Grora and -
- Principal Way Stations {SiSOY
•¦••A Hau Jose. Trea PiiHia.jBaiita Cruz,
i'neillc Urovr,* Halinas. San Lois "
"I:-. .:' Obispo and Principal iiitermediato
Htftti.ns.: •• ,. .'.... 4tlO?
IOiSOa San jAe and Wsy Stations-. ....... 7i80r
/I«i8»a New Aliuadmi / Os3O»
t lltaOA Hau .lose am! Way .Stations 0<30*
<»:!.¦>? San Mateo, Redwood, Meolo Park,
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara, San .!»»«,
Tres Piaos, Santa Crux, Saliuas, . '
/ ySlonterey and l'ac!nc GroTe |1I>:49a I
SiSBpSdQ Jose and Way Stations ......... S:aOA .
t4:l5p San Jose and Principal Way Stations »:4»*
t5:0»pS*n Jose. Los Qatos and Principal - -
WaySUtions....:.. t^:OOa
( Si30p flan.los« ami Principal Way .Stations s 8:33a
- OiOOp Redwoid. Han Jose. Giln y. Salinas, |
¦• Santa Barbara, Tjm Aogeles...... 10:03a
6:00p Del Monte, Monterey, Pacific Grore, '
- ' - - Lompoo ........................... 10:03a <
¦ Oiaop San Jose and Way Stations......... t»:««a
qll»43p San Jose and Way SUtions 7>30>
¦ .-: A for Morning. '. ' P for Afternoon. '
¦ t Sunday excepted. .."- { Sunday only.
. a Saturday only. . ' . . /Tuesdays and Fridayv
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SausaIlto,Ferr£.
; Commencing ApanV 28, 1901
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILX,* VALLET
t AND SAN RAFAEL, ¦^^ L '..
: WEEK DAYS— «:55/ 8:30, »9:30 U-00 a. m.
12:45. •1:45. 3:15, 4:15. 5:15 . •6:15 6:45 d rn '
_ EXTRA . TRIPB-For -Mill Valley : and ¦ San
Rafael on Mondays, - Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at'9:S» and U:40~p m. lura * y8
' SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. •9:00. : 10:OoTll-00 . 11-20
a. m.. 12:45. 1:30. 2:30. -3A5. '5:00. 8:*0o"Vm P m
11 :00 a. m. does not run , to San Rafael - Snn-
Tralns marked (•) run to San » Quentln
FROM SAN.RAFAEL.TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK - DATS-'; :25. « :27, 7 :47, 1^ 10-15
a.m.: 12:25. 1:15." 2:20.- •3:35, :^:40, : 5:30 T D ™
EXTRA- TRIPS - on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p m J
SUNDAYS-6:15.»8:00.. 9:45. •11:00 a' m »1»
m.. 1:00. .2:15, »3:30. 4:30,- . 5 :45..«:45, 7:307- 10^10
p. m." ¦ . ' .
Trains marked (•) *tart from San Quentln
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
. t WEEK DAYS-5:45." (5:43. 7:55 "1^53 !0-?6
a. m.. - 12:35.- 1:1%. 2:45/. 3:50. , 5:10.- 5:20 pmT'
EXTRA ¦¦ TRIPS on -, Mondays. Wednesdays
1 Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p'm "" uajr f
8:00.: 10:05. H : m ™" m 12-13
1:20. 2:30. 3:43. 5:00. -J 6:15/ 7:15. loBfl i - p i, '
--, • .-THROUGH TRAINS. "-.'
-6:55 ar- m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.'' • ¦ —.¦.»..-' ,..¦ , . : v -'
• ?:13 p.'.m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way'sta- '
? InnQ ''WflWHB'ff' "'* '¦¦*¦ "' J*"- — tj
• ' 6 :15 ' p -. m.'« week : days i (Saturdays excepted)—
TomalM and way: stations ¦¦ •¦..¦¦*> ... .' :
8 ftj^m. SAidays— Cazadero and way stations.
.10:00 a. •- m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. -•- .'. . .¦ -.-. . v^i -_,.J^ .-.
-•¦Call.f $1 per Year ¦EAGLES FROM ALL PARTS OF THE UNION FLUTTERED MERRILY AROUND THE GRAND AERIE BANQUET
DOARD LA8T, NIGHT AND AGAIN AND AGAIN PLEDGED THEIR HEARTY GOOD FELLOWSHIP IN BUMP
ERS OF COOL SPARKLING WINE. - . •
The Board of Health mot last night and
appointed Mrs. A. I3caml«h to bo head
nurse in the female wards of the City and
County Hospital. Joseph Dunne, legal ad
vised of the board, who ha« been away
for three months in Honolulu, where he
attended to Home Important affairs on be
half of the United States Government, re
ported for duty and was welcomed In a
graceful speech by Dr. McCarthy. .
Trained Nurse for Hospital.
At the morning session Representative
LJoyd introduced an amendment to the
resolution that the Grand Lodgre do not
pledge itself to take any steps toward
building a new. home until there shall be
sufficient funds in sight to conveniently
apply to the purpose of building. '
The amendment was lost by a vote of
277 noes and 275 ayes. The original reso
lution was then carried by a vote of 319
ayes to 218' noes.
The Grand Lodge held an evening ses
sion, when a great deal of routine busi
ness was dlsDOsed of, and a recess waa
taken until 2 o'clock this afternoon to
give the grand officers and representa
tives an opportunity to -witness the
launching of the onlo. This afternoon
there will be the Installation of the offi
cers elected and those to be appointed.
California Asssmbly.
The session of the California Assembly
of the Rebekahs, I. O. O. F., closed last
evening with the ¦ Installation by Past
President Mrs. Caroline A. Hoxett, assist
ed by Alice Ford as marshal, of the fol
lowing named elected and appointed offi
cer*:
Dora L. Gardner of Napa, marshal: Jei
sle A. Fararo of Santa Cruz, conductress;
Jtisslfl KaUenstfrin of Newcastle, chaplain;
Helen Traves of Freuno, Innlde, and Jessie
RuKmlHBon of Ferndalo, outHidA guard.
Aftor the Installation several handaomo
floral Dleces were presented to tho new
ofllcers.
During tho' day Grand Master W. W.
Wutnon, Grand Master-elect W. Nleholls
Jr. and othor* »ddn»«ied thn assembly.
The agony in the Grand - Lodge of, the
Independent Order of Odd Fellows In're
lation to for the home foraked
Odd Fellows Is over'.; After a debate which
lasted during the greater part of ¦ last
Thursday and occupied. the whole of yes
terday. It~ was | decided that a new home
shall be secured under the provisions of
the following resolution offered by TV. A.
Bonynge," past » grand master and grand
representative to the Sovereign Grand
Lodge: ' : =
"Whereas, The" Odd Fellows of Santa Clara
County and vicinity have offered to this Grand
Lodge free of cost a site for tho proposed new
Odd Fellows' -Home, consisting 1 . of some one
hundred acres situated about five miles north
east of San Jose, Santa Clara County, known
as thea. White ranch and referred to in the re
port of the special committee on home locations
on pages 138, 133 and 1W, officers' report of the
session of 1901,V>and. - ¦ i. • -' ¦ ,
- Whereas," Said offer has not yet been placed
before this Grand ! Lodge In a tangible shape ;
therefore, be It A • ' ,'>¦ i •¦< -¦¦ •— ¦:
Resolved, -That the Odd Fellows ot Santa
Clara . Cdunty i be ! given until the flrst . day of
September, 1901, In which to perfect such offer
and to tender 'to this Grand Lodge a valid deed
to the said property, free of cost and all ln
cumbrances thereon i on presentation of said
deed as above provided, then the grand master
¦ of this Jurisdiction bo and is hereby authorized
to accept, on behalf of this Grand Lodgre said
deed to said property, and In the event of the
tender and acceptance of said deed to the said
site as above provided this Grand Lodge hereby
agrees to commence the erection . of an '. Odd
Fellows' Home on said- site on or before the
fir6t day of September, 1902; and be It further
Resolved, That in the event of the failure of
the -said Odd Fellows of Santa Clara Odunty
to so tender to the grand master of this Juris
diction the deed to said property as above pro
vided, on or before the said flrst day of Sep
tember, 1901, then the grand master Is Instruct
ed and empowered to forthwith appoint a com
mittee of five past grands to receive and pro
cure offers for a suitable site fcr a new home,
investigate same and report results at the ses
sion of this Grand Lodge, to be held In May,
1902. . - ; . . _•.••/.! ,
Qfacers.
Assembly of Rebekahs Closes
Session and Installs
Home for Aged on
White Ranch.
Odd Fellows Will Build
SELECT A SITE
IN SANTA CLARA
William Klftherty, Oui Pohlman, Henry Kuhli.
J. M. Moffltt, A. I*. Andernon, Oscar Hooki,
Charles M. Kl«|»«.r, Charleii Lonir, .torotne Dus
ijltty, 1>. J. Crcam«r/J. B. Marahall, Dr. J.
J. K*efe, l»r. i;<i\viu Bunnell, Hum Honneffild,
8am Mount, II. M. BmimiBrs, J. J, Hhorldun,
J. W. Meltuffh. J. L. NaglP, IX J. Monaghtiti,
John E, Hhffhan, Alex H. Fowler; acorge Uob
ertunn,. M. T.: Dr. Arthur Hums, lion, J. J.
Fitzgerald, V. J. Mulholland, J. J. O'Hay,
B. 11. Wadsworth, Luke Marlsch, John 1<\
Crowley, Wllliom Akers, Charles . Oliver,
Charles Case, A. Abraham.
J. Strobel, B. HlKirlns, O. W. Hamilton, Pat
rick O'Keefe, Geortre Look. Senator R. J.
Welsh. I). J. B. Bchwatltp, William Qosswall,
J. A. Johnson, D. J'.yron Hall, M. S. Chappelle.
Charles I. Plynn, Jesse Hedrlck, A. /E. Par
tridire, E. F. Honn, W. D. Davis, Alonzo
Drown, Q. T. Shanklln, H. E. Merkel. C. L.
Peters, James Cairns, T. J. Kurtz, Charles B.
Ernst. J. D. Smalls. Thomas McNnm«, J. C.
Donohue, Joseph H. Kills, S. L. Oroas, George
W. Hamilton, A. A. Brodeck, C. E. Sturgess,
A. IT. Van de Vanter, John Burns, Captain
Marshall, H. M. Kelly, John P. Glynn, Martin
Kelly, .William Cobb, John Dougherty. Wil
liam Clack Jr.. J. W. McHugh, G. Schreln.
James H. O'Brien. William Ahlstraud. Samuel
Harris, W. H. Buf flngton, Richard Doran, T.
H. Andrews. ... i . •
Hon. F. B. Doran, who has been several
times honored by the citizens of St. Paul
by re-election as mayor, possesses many
of the characteristics that go to make
the reputation of a "sound man," and is
the last person in. the world to publicly
indorse anything of which he has not ful
ly Informed himself.
Mayor Dorany decided to take Palno's
celery compoimd this spring, having
heard much of Its wonderful efficacy from
physicians, neighbors and. intimate
friends. He was not disappointed. His
experience with this great remedy waa
so gratifying that a-few days ego he sent
the proprietors a testimonial which adds
conclusive proof to the statement of phys
icians that, of all the spring remedies that
can bo had, Paine's celery compound
stands far above all others in honest and
great results: •
March 21, 1901.
Dear Sirs— I am convinced that every
one, stele or well, needs to take a spring
remedy, and for that purposo I believe
nothing can equal Palno's celery com
pound. I commend It to the
nervously afflicted. Very truly rours,
J : V< ""** P. B. DOR AN.
New strength, new life, new health com*
from its use— especially Is this true In th«
spring. , **
For rheumatism, neuralgia, Impure
blood, nervous diseases and kindred trou
bles, It Is a positive cure. The expert
mental efforts of scores and scores of so
called spring remedies with which tha
market Is constantly recruited art In
startling contrast with the thoroughly sci
entific way In which Palne's celery com
pound restores health and vigor to th«
worn-out blood and nerves.
But as age comes on the blood needs to
be rid of rheumatism and the muscle.* of
neuralgia; the n«rves needs feedine and
the brain nourishment. Palne's celery
compound la food for the brain and
nerves. It builds up the strength of the
body. The saddest ignorance is for a sick
person not to know the remedy that will
make him well. Fortunately, few people
have failed to hear of the remarkable
cures from the use of Palne's celery com
pound.
Because a man is growing old he need
not be an invalid. Old age isn't a disease.
A man at sixty should be Well, and many
at seventy are as well as ever in their
lives. j '.?+VkX
COMMITTED TO AQ.N'EWS ASYLUM.-An
drew Belttes-c, alia* "Jtick the Window Smash
er." w«« commltt*d to Arnews In«an« Asylum
ycittrday by Judr« Hebbard. II* has a mania
tor breaklni ehow wlnfiowi.
The .commodious, steamer 1 VSausalito"
will leave the Sausallto , Ferry Slip; at the
Union Depot,' foot of Market street, Satur
day, May 18th, v at 11:45 a. -m. > for tha
launching of the battleship "Ohio.' 1 Fare/
&o 1 1 1 ' i 'i i iiwiiffisMiiMEiinwpii wwii T ii
N. P. 0. R. B.
ROBBED AN KX-SOLDIER.— Stella Bolman
was arrested yesterday on a charge of grond
larceny for stealing- $135 from Charles Qulnn.
an e>-soldier. In a. hous« on Ellis street.
Archie Bowman, a ship v carpenter,
Thursday night found a well Pressed
two-year-old girl ¦ wandering along
Fourth street. He took the child to* the
Southern police station, and as she. was
unable to tell her name, Captain Bpillano
had the waif taken to the City, Prison,
where sho wa» turned over to Matron
Wright.- Last night the father of the
clrl visited the prison and claimed her.
He pavo his name as John Smith ami -his
occupation as that of a waiter. Smith ex
nlain<vi that hi* wlf« was a drunkard
and thkt Kho had taken tha little ,girl
from him and lost her In Fourth street,
where she was picked up by Bowman.
Finds His Child in Prison.
The banquet hall was a glittering mass
of flowers and color. Menus of the most
elaborate and tasteful design lay at the
plates of the guests and an orchestra- of
twelve pieces played throughout the even-
Ing. In addition to the toasts a clever
and entertaining programme of musical
selections and stories had been arranged.
Robert Downing, the tragedian, told in
teresting anecdotes and William McDon-"
aid, formerly of the Bostonlan Opera
Company, John k Flood and F.red Everett
sang. John Holland, the comedian, re
cited and told funny yarns that elicited
repeated rounds of applause.
Harry I. Mulcreavy delivered an address
of greeting and Introduced Oscar Hocks
as the toastmaster of the evening. Mr.
Hocks presented Dr. Littlefleld, who re
sponded to the flrst toast of the evening,
"Our Order," in a graceful speech. In
conclusion the if rand, worthy president
cited statistics showing the phenomenal
growth of , the order from sixty-three
aeries one year ago to 156 at the present"
time, and the prospective organization of
eight more during- the current month. In
a feeling manner Dr. Littlefield thanked
the Grand Aerie for the honors conferred
upon him in the past, and eat down amid
vociferous strains of "He's a Jolly good
fellow."
John J. Kennedy, responding • to the
toast "California," made a most eloquent
address. He likened the pride the native
sons of California feel in their State to the
delight and pride they felt In honoring
members of tli» Grand Aerie as guests of
the local aerie.?.
Perhaps the most Interesting: toast of
Beautiful Scene in Banquet Hall.
ternal Order of Eagles, at tho
Palace Hotel. But above these fellowship
and all that goes to emphasize the spirit
of brotherhood was the ruling passion of
tho hour. Never, even at the height of
revelry and mirth, did tho representatives
of the powerful and growing order they
represent forget the fraternal sentiment
of the gathering or fail to refer and re
spond to it In the many graceful and elo
quent addresses that made the set feat
ures of the banquet. # '
More than two hundred Eagles from all
parts of the country filed In to the five
tiers of tables elaborately decorated and
covering the whole floor space of the
maple room of the Palace. At the head
of the line walked Dr. H. R. Littlefield,
grand worthy president of the Grand
Aerie, accompanied by Oscar Hocks, pres
ident of San Francltfco Aerie No. 5. Next
in the line came Dr. Thomas B. W. Le
land, president of San Francisco Aerie
No. 61, with Past President Sheehan of
the Boston Aerie and one of the most
prominent members of the order in at
tendance on the Grand Aerie from the
East.
State Senator Trainor of New York,
Harry Corbett, Sam Harris of pugilistic
fame. Assemblyman Martin Grady, John
J. Fitzgerald, Mayor of Pawtucket, R. L;
H. H. Thompson, grand lecturer of the
Eagles; Senator Monahan of Philadelphia,
andf many notables of the order were
grouped together near the presiding offi
cer's rostrum.
r. to th<) Grand Aerie, Fra-
IT and wisdom flowed last
night at ih" magnificent ban
quet givoti by local Aerie No.
Sergeant Thomas Elllf; was transferred
from ; tho Seventeenth-Btreet station to
the.- North End Btation,. while Sergreant
Duke was shifted from- the North End
to the Seventeenth; Police Officer Nelson,
whose beat for a number of years has
been on Bush street, was changed to Pa
cific street and Officer PeterBon was sent
from- Pacific to Bush street.. ;
, Chief of Police Sullivan ¦ made i a num
ber of changes In the ' police detail ! last
night and it is reported that several more
will be made- in the course of a few days.
Chang-os • in Police ZXatail.
Maurice Eleenberg- W. S. " Hopson, B J.
Monaghan. George R. Smith. Al 8. Ritchie
J.«J. Schlawls, Thomas Flynn, C. P. Rendom.
H. R, Littlefleld, John Lamont, J, M Cock
rell, Fred Gunther, W, S. Hall, Joseph Grlb
ben, James Crossan, Albion Rehln, George E.
Lawrence, H. H. Thompson, William Howe,
James Mershom, Thomas Lindsay, Abe Becker
George W. Cortley, • George H. Cabanlss, J. j!
Sllvey, Del Cary Smith, R. M.. Woods. Joseph
Mansfield, Martin Brady. Harry Corbett, Har
ry Brennan, John Ross, Ed Krause, C. M. Graft
A. M. White, L. A. Marcke. J. F. Pelletier E*
M. Turner, Robert Rush, Ed F. Burns G L
Sharp, J. J. Kennedy, Frank Dunn, Gus
Holdsteln, Carl Penther, David Becker, • Paul
WlchrowskL , Hans Veronl, John t». Herget,
James P. Dockery, Dr. T. B. Lel&nd, Frank
Shannon, B. F. Hanlon, E. C. Laws, J Con
way, F. C. Bates. Dr. E. ' G. McConnell, Jos
eph King:, Thomas - Chandler.
H. U. Findley. L. N. Hugglns, w. J. Mc-
Gui&an, W. J. Venner, D. T, Barnhart, W. H.
Grisslm, P.' T. Trainor. Louis Bergrer. M. ' A.
Larkin, N. P. : Just!, G.' T. Franklin,' J. =W.
Corey, J. B. Daly,. A. P. Loomls, R. P. Qulnn,
Robert Downlnc, J. J. Flood. William Mc-
Donald, Fred Everett, John Holland, Frank
Berry, Charles Capp, Robert Haggjerty, James
Cannon, . H. <F. Stronsfellow, ¦ C. ¦ W. Frlckey
Harry C. Hayes,' A.rC. Berthler.' H. I. Mul
crevy, CO. Nasrle. William ¦ Clack, R. i- M.
Donnelly, ,E. L. Head, J. F. Cheetham, E." L.
Wftflrner, Charles McClaln, C. F. Williams
Sam Harris told Robert Downing that
Terry McGovern would some day be a
tragedian. - Downing challenged Harris'
protege at catchweights, and if the match
isn't interrupted there will be a deal of
stage thunder before either side takes the
count. _. - • ¦ . . . > ,
The banquet last night waa one of the
most enjoyable and elaborate ever given
in San Francisco. Those present were:
Mayor Fitzgerald of Pawtucket is one
of the most enthusiastic Eagles outside of
a coop. He Is a story-teller and general
all ground entertainer of rare gift. He
added greatly to the gayety of th© ban
quet.
Senator Monahan of Philadelphia and
Senator Trainor of New York tried to fig
ure out between themselves the difference
between Croker and Quay. There. was a
deadlock, and they compromised over the
wine.
"Ban Francisco Aerie No. 6, F. O. E.," Gus
tave Pohlmann; "The President of the United
States," Del Carey Smith; "Golden Gate Aerie
No. 61. F. O. E.," James P. Dockery; "The
Subordinate Aeries, F. O. E.," Charles I.
Flynn; "The New Aerie, Honolulu No. HO,"
James F, Cheetham; "The Ladles," John E.
Sheehan; "San -* Francisco," A. C. Berthelr;
"Reception of Our Brethren," C. G. Nagle.
Chief among ihe . tunmakers was Harry
Brenran, who had a "hard session" try-
Ing to get the ebon-hued knights of the
hatrack to, keep cases on the promiscuous
headgear. He did more. When the-visit
ing Eagles remember California hospital
ity they. must couple it with the gracious
ness and courtesy of Mr. Brennan. He
has added much to the success of the
greatest Grand Aerie ever held.
Toasts Responded To.
Other toasts' ref ponded to were tho fol
lowing:
the evening wn» responded to by H. II.
Thompson, wh > may be called the pa
triarch of the order. Mr. Thompion 1*
eatit grand president of Aerto' No. 1 of
cattle, where the order had Its birth, and
in addition w&m for two terms grand lea
turer, a distinction nover beforo conferred.
In a touching way he told of tho vicissi
tudes encountered by the order during its
Infancy, the difficulties and persistence
necessary to bring It to a high standard
and a position of potent influence all over
the country, and he predicted a wondrous
future for tha order.
TWO REGIMENTS
HOME FROM WAR
Forty-Fifth and Forty-
Sixth Arrive on the
Sheridan.
Calvin P. Titus and Edward
Carson Among the
Passengers.
All the stowaways on the Sheridan are
tfiseharsed soldiers. They would not be
giver; transportation until all the volun
teers were home, and being anxious to get
Ik re stowed away. The Sherida.n anchored
off the T'nion Iron Works last night, and
to-day the men will be given a chance to
s-ee the launching. During the afternoon
they will be landed at the Presidio.
Ur?. W. R. Hall is the widow of the late
Major Hall, who died In Manila while the
(Sheridan was In port. The body waa em-
I aimed: and sier.t here on the transport.
The remains of thirty-five soldiers are on
ths Ph^ridan. One of them is that of Ma
jor "VViiMam Monoghan, who was well
kiK-vr. .here, having been stationed at the
i-'rcpkjio for several years.
Fbrty-flf th Infantry — Colonel, Joseph H.
Dorst; lieutenant colonel, James Parker; ma
jors—Theodore K. Birkhauser, Frank E. Ar
taud; captains— Adelbert W. Cogswell. Percy
Willis, Nathan F. Simpson, Benjamin F.
Patrick, D. W. Hand, Thomas J. Rogers, Eu
gene C.Montford, George W. Rickerman, John
N. Le>-e, Willard M. Flynn; flrst IieutenantB—
Milefh R. Hllcard. William A. Edwards. Ar
thur S. Tibbltts, Fred W. Morrison, Frederick
P. Cook George P. Tyner. D, I. McCormlck,
Roy I. Taylor, George E. Kumpe, Lewis R.
Ryan, CnarleB G. Lawrence; second lieuten
iirrts—Clarence E N. Howard. Edwin C, Ijong,
Albert 8. Odeil, George A. F. Trumbo, Fred
eric G. Keilond, Edgar W, Mumford, O»car
Uanlelson, John B. Shuman.
Forty-«ixth Infantry — Colonel, Walter B.
Bchuyler; lieutenant colonel, Edward V- Pratt;
major*— Samuel W. Millrr. Wlllt»m Drooke,
William Oogrwell: CBPtalns-Hfnry H, Bhoen,
¦ l.:n!.-> F. Wen«on, John MeCllntock, Iiialah
8 Itekep Ar«*h!»>»»ld F. Cotnmlekey, H»nry H.
J^», Robert 3. lUmney. B*muel 8. O'Connor,
l»avld <V)nn«*r, Joneph 8, Hardln, (leorg* T.
MeConnell, John II. Poker; flmt neut*n«nt»
rfTrenr* K Murphy. Jiunes H. Webb, William
J'. Ht.rrln«f*h»w, Kr»nk U. Hf>pkln«, Richard
U KnvorB«l». M'j*<»» It Ilor», Prank H. I^eliien
rln«: ?reoad lieutenants— William A. Au«tln,
V illlem U. <*lrnrtninin. Holom«n n. \\>«, U*n-
Jamln M. Van Wart; Walt«r H. WUk;blr», M
ward 1», Pbwwk. Ooortrt W. Earle Jr.. Hugh
J. II. M- i.iKi't. du*tavu« J. ltd'i"-n.
Amrtitr ihw^ wIjo came hom* on th?
tmn»t»oit wcr* Calvin 1*. Tltun am) Ii-d
v;»rd Cordon. Tliu* wn« formerly of Com
iiftnv E of the Fourteenth Infantry. l?ur
in«"thi flRhtln« In and around Peklnjf he
r.nalcd lhf crcat wall and planted the
Ftnr« and utripcn thereon. Caraon waK a
nrmbrr of the slen.il corps. During the
irpJitlng in Southern Luzon a body of In
fantry was surrounded by the t Illpinon
anO was In danger of being annihilated,
("arson brokp ihroujrh the cordon and
v\ith his ehlrt wiKwairfred an Hppeal for
i^Fistunce to the Newark. A body of blue
.larkftf was landed and the men were
kaved.
Both jhep«» young men have been taken
rare of by Uncle Sam. They are on their
vay to Annapolis Naval Academy.
LSrlpadicr General Bates has come home
to tako' command of the Department of
thr Missouri. Brigadier General Grant Is
home on furlcuph and will spend his leave
•with his pon at Annapolis. Colonel Comba
comes home to be retired. Major Russell,
who has been with the signal corps in the
Philippines ever rince the first expedi
tion, comes! home on leave.
Brisadipr General J. C. Bates. Brigadier
General Frederick D. Grant, Lieutenant Colo
nel Thomas R. Hamer, Thirty-seventh In- '
fantry; George "VY. Mathews. major and sur
geon. U. S. N.; ¦"William B. Rochester, ad
ditional paymaster. U. S. V.; Colonel Richard
Comba, Fifth Infantry; F. A\ Winter, captain
and assistant Burgeon, U. S. A.; XV. P. Ken
dall, major and surgeon, U. S. V.; William
L. Kneedler, major and surgeon, U. S. V.; B.
A. Lieberman, major and surgeon, U. S. V. ;
Edgar Russell, captain Slgrnal Corps, U. S.
V.; Charles .X. Knepper. lieutenant. U. S. N.;
Lutz Wahl. captain Twenty-first Infantry, U.
S. A.; Edward T. Comegys, major and sur
geon. U. S. A.; R. T. Dorsey, A. A. 6., U. S.
A. ; Charles B. Mittlestaedt, A. A, S., U. S.
A.; H. M Reeve, first lieutenant. Third In
fantry, Or. S. A.; C. W. Fenton. first lleuten
ain. Fifth Cavalry; Edmund Barry, A. A. 8.,
U. S. A.; Frank M. Savage, first lieutenant.
Fourteenth Infantry. U. S. A.; Mrs. Winter,
F. A.; Mrs. Edgar Russell, Mrs. Charles N.
Knepper, Mrs. Lutz Wahl and child, Mrs. W.
K. Hall and three children, Annie Robbins,
contract nurse; Lottie Duckworth, contract
r.urse; Julia U inkle, contract nurse; Mary B.
Berridge, contract nurse; May C. Ellner, con
tract nurse; Hattft Fen wick, contract nurse;
Charles G. Foster, commissary sergeant clerk;
E. H. Whitney, commissary sergeant clerk;
A'. H. Plckney, commissary sergeant clerk;
Charles A. Moss, quartermaster clerk; H. E.
Wilson, paymaster's clerk; Miss Laura Mor
dlcai. W. O. Plnkston. quartermaster clerk;
Mrs. Philip Egncr, Edward Carson, discharged
Foldier; Calvin P. Titus, musician. Company
E Fourteenth Infantry, V. S. A.; Hugo Han
gel, private. Hospital Corps; Frank A. .Craw
ford, private. Hospital Corps; George E. Davis,
private. Hospital Corps; -Henry M. Cutler, pri
vate Hospital Corps; Carl Llndstrom. private.
Hospital Corps; Edward A. Campbell, private.
Hospital Corps; Henry T. Speerman. private.
Hospital Corps; Mrs. T. K. Blrkhauser, John
Barnet. quartermaster employe; W. A. Falrey,
quartermaster employe; Charles Davis, quar
termaster employe: Robert W. Humphrey. N.
C. staff Eighteenth Infantry, U. S. A.; E. E.
Almond, civilian servant; C. A. Welch, quar
termaster clerk; W. B. Jonec, quartermaster
employe.
The Sheridan brought home 1836 soldiers.
2 ciischarged men, 24 stowawys, 44 sick
and the following cabin passengers:
The tTnited States army transport Sheri
dan arrived from Manila via Nagasaki
last Mght with the Forty-fifth and Forty
sixth regiments o f volunteers aboard. She
reached the quarantine grounds about 5:30
p. m.. but It was alter 9 p. m. before the
vessel was released. There were three
deaths during the voyage, two from pneu
monia and one from dysentery-
-•- . ¦¦¦...¦.. ¦--- - ¦••••.¦ ¦ ' -— <
Banquet by Local Aerie No. $ to Visiting Grand v*Aerie;ls One of
the Most Brilliant Ever Held in San Francisco "and A/firth
Holds Sway in the\Palace Maple Room Until an Early Hour
GAY EAGLES FOLD THEIR WINGS
AND SETTLE ROUND FESTIVAL BOARD
9
THE SAN FR^N CISCQ C ALL, S ATTJRD^Y,H MAY 1 8, 1901 .
POSTUM CEREAL.
' v ; ADVERTISEMENTS.
To keep . the skin clean
is to wash the _excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
. To wash it often and r
clean, without doing- ahjr'
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with- no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not , excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell 1 It, especially
druggists} all sorts of people use it.
EStSOt' '"same shape
¦^sT W0 qualities^ > BlfmBH
DR.CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For tha Cnpii'-'of'* Gonorrhoea, - Gleets,
I Strictures) and analogous comnlatnta
¦' of the> Orftans of Veneration.
'.;' Price II •>'. bottle. ' For sale by druggists. .¦
, OCEAW TRAVEL. ,
.Pacific Coast .Steamship Co.
POP
B| NOME
» VWSk GOLDFIELD6.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will Sail
From San Francisco May 26
C :nnectingr at Seattle with th« Comjjaays N»w
and Splendid SUamshlp
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th,
The Senator madt five trips to Norn* las*
year, being; ona of the flrst to arrlv* thefs.
landing all her passengers and treigbt without
loss, mishap or material delay. .
For passenger rates apply TICKET Q8TXCB.
i New Montgomery street. " .' • ¦
OOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agta..
10 -Market street.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
— -FOR- — .-'
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
And All Points on Yukon Hirer.
Sallies: Dates Subject to Chang*.'
From San Francisoo. From Seattle.
May 25 S. S. "PORTLAND-
June 1.........S. 8. "ST. PAUL".'.. June I
May 25 »S. S. "CONEMAUOH" ...June 1»
•"CONEMAUGH" • carries freight and Itre
stock. - No passengers.
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANT,
310 Eansoma st.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEA VIS -WHARF. COB-
ner First and' Brannan streets, at 1 p. ra.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllns-at
Kobe (Hiiro), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong . with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo ¦ received on board oa
day of iiiinini ¦ 1| 'MWitJ"Miw''^i«i ' nil' I
88. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May ». 1911
63. HONGKONG MARU. Saturday, June IX MOl
S3. NIPPON MARU..Wednesday. July 17, 1301
Round-trip tickets - at • reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at, company's of ace.
• 421 Market street, comer Ftrst.
• W. H. AVERT. General Agent
• ¦ ¦ . . f ¦ .
SS. Z ILK LA NDI A (Honolulu .only) ...........
...........: ..Saturday, May 19. 10 s. ra.
SS. MARTPOSA (via Honolulu) for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia* » .
- ' ......:. ......Thursday. May 30. 10 a. «t
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti ....<•
Jane SO, at 4 p. m.
I D. SPBECKELS & BROS. Cfl., Btnral JicentJ. 327 Market It
:San'l Paaanw flfga. t<3 ff'rt't St., for >a. 7. P3gfis St
> BAY AND : BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOaVli. S. \ NAVY YARD AMD VALLEJO.
Steamer " MontJcello.".
MOK., TUES.. WED.. THURS. AND iAT.
*t »:4J a. m.. 1OS, I:SO P. m..(j««pt Thurs.
ds^ night); Fridays, 1 p. ra. and 1:30: ¦undajrs,
10-S0 a? ro.. » p. m. Landing and offlee. Mle*
- aton-st Dock. Pier No. «. Telepbone Mata 1*1
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•^ *" Steamers lea vs Broadway
ba^ Wharf, San Francisco:
ynfci. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
KS^^k May 1 6. 11. lfi. 21, 26, 31.
fiiSWSjp*!^ June 5. Change to company's
ISxfcESVsra steamers at Seattle.
PS8tf8H T&l For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
' SBZI?-**;?. 1 ] C ) Port Townsend, Seattlo.
, ; F*^m&3M!& racoma. Everett. Anacortes.
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
a. m.. May 1. 6, 11. 18. .21,
2» M June 5 and* every nfth day thereafter
May 3 8. 13 n8, 23, 28, June 2 (»4 p. m.), ana
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (L,os An-
geles)-Steamer Queen. Wednesdays 9 a. m..
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 am.
For Los Angeles, calling at £*«*» Cnw,
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura Hueneme, San Pedro. East San Fe-
dro, "Newport ('Corona only)-Steamer Corona.
Saturdays. 9 a. m.; steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays.
9 -For n Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo.'Mazatlan Altata La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymaa (Mex.)-10 a. m.. 7th each
For further Information obtain company" s
°Th» rS company reserves the right to c h f n sr«
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
"'•ricklT"oFFI°CE^ Ne« Hoatnmnr
O. R.&N.CO.
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Lt"© from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to» all
Doints. »•!' «•«'' "•• «te-m«»»»»> «nd rail, at
!:„. - XiO W -fcUSI'X 1 '3E«_A.T?3HS. v
STEAHSB TICKBT8 INCLUDE BKHTH »ni MEALS.
SS COLUMBIA.... Sail* May 2S, June 3. 12, 23
D.-W-'.HiTCHCOCK. Qen.Agt.. 1 Montgm'y.S. F.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW- TO'K. SOUTH ' MPTOtf. LONDON. PABISw
• Stoppln*.at Cherbourg*.. westbound.
From NewTork Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Sf Paul. :..:.'.. ..May 28 St. Louis.. ...... JJune 28
St Louis.. ....... June B St. Paul. ....... ..July 10
St. Paul..... "....June 19 St.Louls July 17
RED STAR LINE.
New York and "Antwerp.
'From New York Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kenslngtoa«..:. ..May 29 Southwark ......June 19
Zeeland ..........June -6 Vaderland June 28
Friealand ... June 12 Kensington . July 3
INTKKNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
v, •>.•¦,- "CHAS. D. TATLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery sf
•^HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
-*; .Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLTMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURO
A. VICTORIA...... MAY 23. 10 A. M.
Columbia ....'...May SOlDeutschland ...Juno 11_
F. Bismarck. ...June 61A. Victoria Jun« 20
v , Twin-Screw Possenq^r Service.
•¦". PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG— HAMBURO
.Pretoria *.U'....May 231 Patricia ..";..:. .Jun« 8
•Phoenicia ......June llWaldersee- .....June 15
•. •Sails -to Hamburg direct. '. .'.<•-;
HonnburB-flmerlcao Line, 37 B'way. N.^Y.
"HERZOG &CO.'; General Agents for Pacific
Coast, 401 California it.
PANAMAR^r^
TO -. NEW? YORK f VIA- PANAMA. DIRECT.
Cabin, 91OS; Steerage,, f 40.
8.6. Leelanaw 'sails 'Monday, '* Juno- 3
6, 8. iArftyll sails Monday, Juno 24
6. S.'Lce annw .sails Monday,' July 15
¦ - From. Fremont -street Wharf at 3 p." m.
' ' Freight and passenger office. 330 Market sL
: . F/ F. CONNOR, i Paolflc ¦ Coast Agent.
In practically all such cases where cof-
fee Is the drink one can obtain relief by
Icaviuc off coffee and taking Postum I'ood
Coffte, .for they Jcava off a drink that Is
an active producer of disease and tako In
Its place a powerful liquid food that con-
tains elements for rebuilding the nerve
centers, that have heretofore been torn
down.
Ae a rule people engaged in active phys-
ical work can better stand tho toxic eflect
of lh<s coffee than brain workers, who
have but little physical exercise. When a
mar. or woman finds sickness coming on,
such a« stomach trouble, weak eyes,
bowel complaint, kidney * trouble, etc., it
Is timo some attention is given to the
fjL'bjecf of beverages.
"I had only used Postum a week when I
began to fee} well. My stc-mach began to
wcrk ajl right, headache left, and had no
more dizziness. I am able to eat now and
sleep end work. During the last season
I have been at work in the field, where
before I was not able to sweep out a
room."
Even people who work out of doors are
troubled with the effects of coffee drink-
ing. A German woman fn Egan, S. D.,
Mrs. L. Sengr, says that she did not know
what w,as the cause of her being sick and
miserable as she had been for some years
past. Her own words are interesting:
"I had no appetite, suffered considerably^
with headache and dizziness and was
ccmpelled to take some pills or medicine
regularly for my bowels. In this condi-
tion I lived for many years. It was poor
and dear living, as my doctor's bills will
F.how. I had no idea that coffee was the
cause of my 111 health until I read in the
paper about Poctum Food Coffee and con-
cluded rto leave off the coffee and. take
Postuml
Good For Some Women.
FIELD WORK.
PAINE'S CELEBY : COMPOUND. ,
Experiences, the Invigorating Effect
of Pflinc's Cclsrv Coniooiind»
AD VEBTISEMENTS. *
STEER RIGHT
When. you send your laundry out,- and if
you're undecided . about your course ask
any well dressed man. He'll tellyou our
laundry work is up to now in everything
to make your linen satisfactory. Prompt
calls' and delivery of all bundles. -
, No saw edges. Prices right"
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
' Of fVoelOO4 Market Street
' r Telephone— South 4-2O,
Oakland Office— 54 Sari P^blo Ave.
'OCEAN. ] ¦' - >-' !'';./¦';
i WILD GOOSE MINING AND " THAD-
- ING COMPANT.
¦ Passenger , and ; Freight ¦ Steamer ; .
Z?X CHAS. -D^LANE; ¦¦
NOME
TELLER, GOLOFNIN, PORT CLAR-
ENCE/ETC. ¦ •'¦ . - >; .:
.. SAILS JUNE t -', ' • -
Superior First t and . Second Class ..Pas-
' . sengrer Accommodations. * -, >-
' 50 Tons Cold Storage Capacity. .,.'•
. This company owns the most success- .
fur llghteragr* plant at Nome, assuring
safe discharge of all freight; also owns
and operates the Wild Goose Ry.
Heavy Machinery. : Barpes, Etc.; Taken.
CHAS. CONKLIN.&.CO., 867, Market st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION 'C(h
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DB VAPOHES
To ¦• Valparaiso stopping at Mexican, Central'
and South American ports. ' Sailing 'Fremont-
street Wharf. 12 m.' \ \ "_ ;"i-
GUATEMALtA...May 17 LOA June 11
PALENA May 30 TUCAPEL. .....June 27
¦> These • steamers are built expressly for ¦. Cen-
tral and South .American passenger < service/
(No change at Aeapulco or Panama.) Frelfht
and pansenner office. »16 California street. -
yBALFOUR. OTJTHRIE A CO.; Pen. AgenU.
' OOMPA0NIS V QENZRAli TBANSATL ANTIQUE
• diuect;ijnb ' to HAVRE-PAma.-. j^^ ;
Balllnu every Thunday. instead of t&Rjjnfo
Saturday, at 10 a. ta.; from -Pier 42,_ ¦~*'mi*9sK
,North Kiver. foot of Morton street. ¦ First class
to Havref , 155 and upward. - Becond class to
Havre, H&Ynd upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOU UNITED 8TATES and > CANADA, 82
Broadway (Hudson building), New York; J. F.
FUOAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. -5 Mont-
I rom*ry avenue, Ban Francisoo. Tickets sold, by
i all Ralltoad /Ticket AzenU. ¦ , >¦ \ ¦ ., '. The i Santa Fe has j arranged ¦, for >, special « train
to leave San Francisco 11 1 p. m. . to-night,"; May .
18.'; which will run ? through Vast far; as ; Fresno.'.
The Fresno . Palace ' sleeper, .will , leave on this
¦pedal Instead 'of regular train at 8:p. m.'>*---
Important ' Notice.
V Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Theodore E.' Anderson from Jennie
Anderson for desertion and Hauslne'Mor
gensen from Peter. Moreensen for willful
neglect. • -¦ , - - ..-,.¦- -.. --=¦
¦-'-. ¦ ' ' "¦ ; " .•:• •:-/; :.¦¦¦<:
Divorce Decrees Granted.
CHRISTIANIA". May: 17.— Norway Inde
pendence day. was 'celebrated,. to-day with
great' enthusiasm..--; Nordenskjold'a, statue
wastunvelled by. the Crown Prince Guataf,
and'.Ole Bull's statue was unveiled at Ber
gen;'the warships there taking part In the
ceremony,"." -. - ' .;-:-,:.•..,
Norway Celebrates ¦ Independence.
LONDON. May 17.— At the Gatwlck
spring; meeting to-day the Alexandra
handicap of 1000 sovereigns was won by
Richard Croker's \ Harrow, with Lester
Rftlff , in \ the saddle, C. ; T>.> Marnes* Veri
tas/, ridden by Rigby , coming- m • second.
Eighteen horses ran. V
-; P/, Lorillard II, Maher up, ,woh the
Worth stakes. . The Fledgling colt, with
Johnny Relff' up, was secondhand Micro
phone, owned by, T. Cannon, finished third.
More for American Riders.
• Five and \ a half furlongs— Natural Gas won,'
Braw Lad ! second, - Hop Scotch . third. r Tlma, .¦
1:06 8-5. r-i..; ;• l^ .ii i !^^5ir :^ii***^#^N£7^^sT?y^^«'i c - 5r '^'
1 . One ; mlle^-Ohhet : waa,' Charley Moore second,^
PoBsart. third. >Time, 1:40 2-5.": . f •''-¦''¦» :-
Xt Mile < and : C- three ¦•- furlongs, • selling— Excelsls
won. Kentucky Babe second* Host third."' Time.
2:22 4-5.. . ¦ -. .' .' ~. - - -'. -. ¦¦ ¦ • ' ::. ¦ . ; j
.: Five and a half .furlonss— Ducassa won. The
Wag second,. Ellis Glenn ; third. - Time, ; l:08 3-5.'
I - y Seven • furlongs-i-Bllnk : won, : Walt : , second, ,
Hurry third; >i! Time, 1:2ft V - i : - :, ;. . ¦ A*
¦¦¦ One mile - and ' a~ sixteenth— Eugenie t S . won,
Lexall- second.' Miss Patron third.: Tlme,M:49V4.
h Six. furlongs, ' selling— Irish Jewel .won/ Com
mand . second,'- Percy B third. ' • Time,', 1 :14%. , . ": > r
:; CHICAGO, '\ May 17.— Worth summary:'-?. ' ;;
¦•' One ¦ mile— John' Drake won,' Flaneur ' second,
Hanswurst '.third. -Time,' 1:44 3-5. ' " ¦ V v •'. >-. -.-'
-.'': Four -and ' a half < furlongs, » sellingr— Herodlate
won, . Miracle ' II ,-. second,' r I; : : Samuelson : third.
Ttme,i :55 4-5. ¦;.-•¦ ; . ;¦ ',,'.'• 'A '¦'¦¦ ¦'< '
.»¦ Six .' furlongs. • : SPllin"— Ecome ' won, . ¦ Fireside
- CINCINNATI, May. 17.— Results at Newport.
One mile.' "sellinp-Queen of Quality ¦ won,
Nlcu second. Rowdy G third. Time, 1:41. -:•' i ;
Six furlongs, selling— Meggs won, Frank Fel
lows second; Flylngr Bird third. Time, -, 1:15V*.';:
"Six furlongs., selling— Saguenay won,,: Rare
Perfume second, Banquo II third. Time, 1:14%.
One . mile, ; selling— Mies -- Redwood won, Pas
slac second, Eoua third. Time, 1:41H. ' ; ; '* -¦''!
v Four , furlongs/ selling— Handrail 'won,'? Tom
Crabb second. Dr. Worth third. Time, :<Sft. .
y Seven and a half furlongs— Ben O'Fallon won,
Obstinate Simon second, t Little • Henry .. third.
Time, 1:34%.
I CINCINNATI,' • May 17.— Letonla summary: ._/
..'Seven furlongs— Janowood >, won, Locust Blos
som second. Princess Otillie third. Time," 1:30. •
. Four and a half furlongs— Golden Glitter won,
Quality ¦ second. Our Jessie third.*. Time, -:56.-> ¦»
•: Five furlon>?s-^Johnn!e ' McCarty wqn, | Suave
second, The.Ladyln Bl"» tw-* . ""—- 1:V:'-..
•One mile and- a < sixteenth— Winter .won,;
Gawalne | second, Thornwild third. 5 Time, 1 :5t.
¦ and a half furlongs— Aladdin won. Jau
bert second. Harry- Beclu third. -Time,, :E6%.» "
- Six . iji furlongs— FarrelP won. Slips ¦¦ second,
Velasquez third. Time, 1:16%. ¦; : : ;;
;[ ST. LOUIS, JVI ay" 16.— Fair Grounds summary:
¦i One mlie— Miss . Mae • Day wony Chappaqua,
second/Belle Simpson third. • Time, 1:41 •&. .;:;!V
•-Four, and a half furlong*— Maria Elena, won, .
Mystic second.'Has Gift third.: Time, . :36%. . .,
Eastern Racing.
All ; money will be awarded under the
high gun system, and all ties for the "tro
phies will be shot off at the original num
ber :.of birds, ; and the winners of; which
will not share in the division of money
It is reported that the three Feudner
brothers will enter in the three-man team
event. In -recent practice both Otto
and Fred ' Feudner have ¦ made excellent
scores and in many , Instances have se
cured twenty- five consecutive kills
Both are expected to do their
share of the trophy winning
during the coming tournament. In the
six-man team event Wilson, Bruns, Kleve
sahl, Schultz, Karney and Fred Feudner
will make a determined bid for; the tro
phy.' In a recent' practice they lost but
eleven birds out of a possible 150, which
is f considered • a phenomenal ' performance
-To the marksman making the highest
general average in all the Individual
events the association will award an- ap
propriate; medal emblematic of the Indi
vidual championship of the State for 1901
to the second highest average $15 and to
the. third" highest average $10.
has won. the Golcher trophy twice, and if
he succeeds in winning it again it will be
his for keeps. Last year the E. T. Allen
trophy and the gold dust medal both fell
to the lot of Clarence Nauman. But this
year Nauman Is in England. : The other
trophies which are offered are: "Cinch
Brothers," Association trophy, Union Gun
Club trophy, twenty birds, entrance 52;
Crystal Palace three-man team trophy
twenty-five birds, entrance $7 50 per team-
Olympic Gun Club trophy," twenty-bird
race, entrance $2; San Francisco Gun Club
trophy, twenty birds, entrance J2; Empire
Gun Club trophy, twenty birds, entrance
$2; Garden City Gun Club trophy, twenty
birds, entrance {2; Antioch six-man team
trophy, twenty birds per rdan, entrance
$12 per team; . - -.'•.•».;?*•¦'
The San Rafael Golf Club has engaged
as a coach a young Scotchman named
Bell, who comes from the same part of
Scotland as Robert Johnstone. the pro
fessional of the San Francisco Golf Club.
Bell has a good reputation as a golfer
and club maker and will be a valuable ac
quisition to the San Rafael Club. He will
remain there throughout the summer and
In winter will assist Robert Johnstone at
the Presidio links. Bell has come out di
rect from the land of his birth and early
training and has had no previous engage
ment In the United States.
To-day at 10 o'clock in the morning there
will begin on the San Rafael links a hand
icap over nine holes against bogie for the
women, also a best ball tournament over
nine holes for the women, play continu
ing until May 25 and ending at 6 p. m. on
that day. For the afternoon, beginning
at 2 o'clock, a team match among mem
bers of the club la set down on the sched
ule, but this has been deferred on ac
count of the launching of the battleship
Ohio. -
Last Saturday, despite the fact that
both clubs lacked some of their strongest
players, the return match between teams
representing the San Rafael and Sausa
llto gplf clubs took place, not, however,
on the Fort Baker links, but on the San
Rafael course, where the first meeting oc
curred. The Sausalito course Is so over
run with thistles and weeds that it is in
no condition for play, but it Is believed
that when the thistles have been subdued
and other improvements effected the
course will be a good one. It la certainly
a sporty one, the hole known as the "Boer
trap" affording as fine a group of natural
hazards as can be found anywhere. The
Sausallto team, nearly all the players In
which are comparative beginners, was
beaten, though C. F. Noble beat Carter P
Pomeroy, captain of the San Rafael Golf
Club, one up, and Major T. "W. M. Draper
scored two up against Major Charles
Christensen. ' • ¦¦¦...
The residents of Alameda are desirous
to ' form a : golf club.' and two or three
meetings have been held with that end In
view. A long list of persona willing to be
come members <has been received, and a
committee appointed to inquire what land
suitable for- links can be obtained Sev
eral places have been suggested and* these
will be looked over by Horace Rawllns
the resident professional of the Oakland
Golf Club. The ground that seems most
likely to prove suitable is in the rear of
the Talcott property, near Frultvale A
meeting will be held in Alameda to-night
to report progress. Among those who are
Interested in the project are Georjre and
Mrs. Glbbs. P. S. and Mrs. Teller .Dr
and Mrs. Bull, • C. J. « and Mrs Okell r"
H. and Mrs. Swayne. Dr. and Mrs C ll
Tlsdale, George H. and „ Mrs. Mastlck
.Clarence and Mrs. Flint. F. S. and Mrs*
Youngberg. George . and Mrs. Chambera!
Miss Eva Fisher. Miss Ethel Brown. Miss
Florence Hale, Miss Isabelle Curtis MtM
Grace Cook, Miss Ella Graves/ Miss Har
riet Austin. Miss Edith CU^ Miss
Roberta Clay. Mrs. • J. H. Jones. Miss
Jamleson, Miss Dodge, Mlas Kru*er Mlsa
Bramhall, Mrs. Will r Davis. H.C7 Cksidy.
B.' Brown. A. B. Wlllla and many others.
GOLF INSTRUCTOR
FOR SAN RAFAEL
Both from point of attendance and from
the number of targets that will; be shat
, tered, it, is: predicted^byi the trapshooters
I that the .ninth ;/ annual '..tournament : will
surpass all that have-been hitherto held
by "the association. From the local clubs
¦ t alone It .; is expected 'that there twill be
overseventy entries,. and it has been estl
, mated that? during , the -two' days of ; the
. shoot j from twenty to thirty targets 'will
be. shattered. ,• . ¦,. ¦ v : ,
: .Several changes and improvements over
previous tournaments I will pe I introduced.
Three bulkheads will be kept; In continual
use and- two 'judges and a scorer will -be
i statloned^at each, thusV enabling! all to
, shoot \ without interruption, or. delay. kv in
¦ the, money 'distribution; a. change will be
Introduced j which .- it V is believed - will : per
mit ¦ of • ai more : equitable /division , to ¦ both
amateur and expert shots.' Under the new
. system the entrance,- fee has ¦* been In
creased andtho side pool discontinued.; In
protecting, the amateurs, the- professionals'
claims < have * not = been a overlooked ¦? or . im
paired. . They '.willxbe ; allowed - opportuni
ties > to ¦ make j substantial ' winnings • in • tro
phy and f In' entrance fees", for, the -next
tournament. ¦ -0r v : : ,-^ r' '£&'},'¦
Great ~ interest :¦ is ; being manifested in
; the fights ¦:' which ; will < be : made ¦ for the
[-'various; trophies.* In > all :there 1 are twelve
medals and trophies to be shot, for,- some
of.' which > have : to s be', won, three 'times 5 In
order ;to j become \ : the { - permanent ¦ property
of any one man.'."' 1 , ¦-"•r?^ w .' /¦ -V-f^-"'- ijbj;
; C. v A: ; Hartley, of the : Antloch Gun Club
The final practice shoot previous to the
ninth annual tournament of the California
Inanimate Target Association, which is to
take place at thelnglesldetraps on Sat
urday arid Sunday, of ; the. "coming week,
will! be held to-morrow -by .the: Olympic
Gun" Club. - A large attendance , is i antici
pated, , as prizes r will: be T awarded to those
making ¦ the highest scores.* j The ' club of
fers !a: silver, bar to every one who suc
ceeds, in accomplishing fifteen consecutive
breaks and a sold bar, for twenty-five con
secutive t breaks made \ in ; single ' matches
during the': practice ?" Besides '\ • the v club
shoot there will' be four f special contests.
.Three of the; contests ..will' be. fifteen-bird
races, and one a grand, merchandise shoot
with twenty-five targets ( to each man.
at; the Ingleside Traps
Association : Will Meet
California Inanimate Target
NINTH TOURNAMENT
TRAPSHOOTERS
PREPARING FOR
ANNUAL EVENT
On Sunday, May 26, • the Alameda and
Pacific elevens will meet on the Webster
street ground for the second time this
year. On Decoration day the .-match, Santa
Cruz Country Club versus Pacific Cricket
Club, postponed from May 12 on account
of the. President's visit, will be' played,
the Santa I Cruz team coming up to Ala
meda for that purpose. . : .."
The cricket match . set down on the
schedule of the, California Association for
to-morrow Is the first of three entitled
"Young , America ; versus Old England."
The matches between those, players ,, who
learned the game in Great Britain or one
of her colonies and those who acquired
their skill in this, country excited much
interest last season and were looked for
ward to for this with enthusiasm. But F.
J. Croll, who acts as captain of the Young
America eleven, . states that he is unable
to get a team together. The match must
therefore.be dropped, for the present at
least. •• . " . ' : -.'--:v* — - : , ¦¦.' :'-•"• . ; .-;•'¦'.
BLANK DAY FOR
CRICKET LOVERS
FOUR CLEVER BOXERS WHO
HAVE ENTERED THE OLYMPIC
CLUB TOURNAMENT.
The academic singles tournament com
menced last Saturday will be finished this
morning- on the California. Tennis Club
courts. The doubles were won by Nor
man Hodgklns and Carl Gardner, repre
senting: Lowell High School. Hodgkins is
a strong favorite for first honors in the
singles and unless something unforeseen
happens should win easily.. The only man
who seems to have any chance at all
against him Is Taylor of the Oakland
High School. Two matches have been
played, in which Valleau of Alameda High
School defeated Al Kenyon • of Boone's
Academy, and Cavalier of Berkeley High
beat Bennett of St. Matthew's. .'
The drawing for the singles tournament
is as follows: Taylor, O. H.S., vs. Towne,
P. A. H. S.; Cavalier, B. H. S, vs Bennett
St. Matthew's; Valleau, A.- H. S., V3.
Kenyon, B. "W". A.;.HodBkinson, U H. S.
vs Lilienthal, P. H. S. -Hodgkinson and
Taylor will In all probability come • to
gether in the finals. The standard of the
tennis this year is much higher than it
has been in former years In the Academic
League. • / _. . . '., ¦ 1 . . ¦ • * ..
! For many years the championship sin
gles tournament has been held at • San
Rafael on the Fourth of July, but thls'year
there will be a great change In the order
of events. I This tournament will probably
be played along with the doubles : cham
pionship on the 9th of September. ' On the
Fourth of July there will be a singles tour
nament for the championship of the State
while the singles to be played in Septem
ber will be for the coast championship.
The singles championship for ladles will
also be played In September, and thero is
some talk of > holding a- mixed doubles
tournament at the same time.' :.. ..
The Hardys and WHltneys will probably
not take part In the State championship
tournament, -but will enter the • coast
championship tournament. :- In" the former
event the tennis would . not ' be as high
class, but the interest would be greater on
account of the intense rivalry existing be
tween the- men. This would also be a
means of determining who should rank at
the top of the second class.. - ,.
This change of dates is due to the fact
that the men from the North and from
Southern California have signified tl:eir
Intention of journeying to San? Rafael If
the singles and doubles tournaments could
be run at the same time.- With thesenien
entered, the ~ tournament • would -be' the
most successful one ever held -on the
coast. , • '.' -:¦-,¦''•' ;-: '-••;•>;•¦? ¦¦¦--,¦ ¦, -,'!•-
Frank S. Mitchell,' who several years'ago
was one of the best men In the second
class, has again joined the California Club
and intends taking up the game in ear
nest. '• ¦ • '• '¦'¦ ¦ ", ¦ . .V •-•¦¦/• •,•.¦-:."
A special match, is being -arranged be
tween Merle Johnson and Harold Crowell;
Crowell . has always : beaten Johnson, ' but
the latter has improved very much of late,"
and "most of the cracks are of the opinion
that he can beat Crowell.-. The -match will
probably be played to-morrow. : ,v;
• It Is likely there .will be a tournament
to-morrow, either a handicap or; class sin
gles, on the California Club. courts. * ¦ "¦¦
Tennis Singles and Doubles
Will Be Played in Sep
tember at San Rafael
IMPORTANT CHANGES
CHAMPIONSHIP
TOURNAMENT IS
NOT FOR JULY
j Swimming at Sutro's.
At Sutro Baths to-morrow afternoon the
usual Sunday programme of swimming
races will be run off. The entries are as
follows:
60-yard dash. Juveniles— A. Derks, P. Bolasco.
il Erasmy. H. McK?nz!e. W. Stockton. E.
LCga-n. A. Courtney. B. Ferrill. F. Rundln, P.
•McDermid, J. Boggs, F. Rollins. G. Nicholas,
M. Roach. C. Donovan. E. Wells. D. Chase,
R. Burns, E. Kipp. C. Crist, B. Berry, C.
Duke* J. McManus, J. Mackel, R. Herman, P.
Holland, F. Paine, D. Hand. C. Butterworth,
R. Buckley, S. Flnnigsn. J. Mullen. G. Ander
6Qn. J. Dlxon. P. Sundbure..
Cnder-water swimming, tub race and hlgb
tfMng for boys, open to all.
Special EO-yard race— F. A. Wolfe and H.
Leicken.
100-yard race, amateurs— O. Lowenthal, A.
Clayton. C. Augustus, J. Rammond, W. Cook,
J. Rlngrose, J. Hunt, J. Bevins, H. Dougherty,
O. Beyer, O. Schultz, P. Rollins. R. Cordell,
M. Carmody. L. Scott. P. Louis, W. Williams,
H. Mitchell. G. Freeth, L. Haywards, P. Mo
san, C. Ritter. E. Beil. W. Hay, C. AusUn,
S. Leicken, F. Down, M. Bradley. L. Watson,
Grueman, W. Irving, F. Crowder, W. Daw-
Ktt.
Trick and fancy epnngboard diving— J. A.
Jackson. C. Thompson, W. Carroll. J. Ray, P.
Wllliame, M. Dwyer, J. Shelton, L. Joy. J.
Lawier, C. Augustus, J. O'Brien, G. Randall,
M. Johnson, P. Sunberg, M. Carter, M. Roach.
O. Owens. J. Mclntyre, C. Harnes, F. Hlld*.
brandt, W. Guile. XV. Hoffman, H. Wilson, T.
Cochran. H. Stelljes. E. Winfield, C. Duke, «}.,
Kclber. P. Logan, e. Peters. 1 1
Handball Matches.
At. the San Francisco handball courts
to-morrow the following: matches will be
played :
M. Levy and A. Jaeoby vs. S. Wurkhelm
and E. Levene: P. McKlnnon and M. Mc-
Neil vs. G. McDonald and P. Mclntyre* A.
McVicker and T. Leach vs. J. Condon and
T. Foley; N. J. Prendergast and E. Lynch
vs. E. McDonough and D. J. Sheehan; D.
Connelly and M. Joyce vs. M. Basch and
P. Ryan: W. H. Sieberst and W. b\ Sts.pff
vs. W. Fisher and W. H. Kedian: J. Har
' low and M. Dillon vs. J. Rior.lan and E.
Maloney; E. Orley and J. Collins vs. J
White and W. Mapulre; J. C. Xealon and
R. Linehan vs. M. J. Kileallon and A
Hampton. . -
Players May Jujnp Contracts.
PHILADELPHIA, May 17.— The injunc
tion proceedings begun by the Philadel
phia National- League Baseball Club to
enjoin Second Baseman la Joie and Pitch
ers Bernhard and .¦grazer from playlmr
baseball with the local American League
olub. and' to enjoin the manager of that
club from engaging the players, was dis
missed by the Judges of the Common
Pleas Court to-day. .The Judges say the
contract lacks mutuality. The court says
if the injunction was granted La Joie's
.services would be subject to the Philadel
phia Baseball Club for all time, while if
the club cared to do so it could dispense
with him on ten days' notice.
Why Don't You Travel by Sea?
Call at «fflce of Pacific Coast Steamship
Co., 4 New Montgomery 6t., and Inform
yourself concerning that company's im
proved service and low rates to Los An
seles, San Diego. Santa Barbara. Tacoma,
Seattle, Juneau, Sfcaguay and all Pacific
Coast ports. '
Batteries— Young and . Crlger; Dunn and
Robinson. , ¦ • ¦''.• - ' '
Boston .:..... 7" .10 5
Baltimore '2; 9- 4
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Boston 9 9 .500
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Philadelphia 10 11 .473 ;
Cincinnati ..13 8 .61* Brooklyn ... 9 11 .45} .
New Tork...lO 7 .5SS Chicago 10 34 .417
Pittsburg ...1? 9 .550 St. Louis.... 9 13 .4D3
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Washington 11 6 .647
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Boston 8 TO .441
Detroit 16 5 .762 Milwaukee... 8 13 .3S1
Chicago 14' 7 .667 Philadelphia 5 13 .273
Baltimore ..11 6 .647 [Cleveland .. 4 17 .193
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
BOSTON, May 17.— A close decision in the
ninth inning to-day landed the game for St.
Louis. The fielding of both teams was very
bad. Attendance, 17C0. Score:'
Clubs— *• R. H. E.
Boston '.. 6 6 S
St. Louis 7 11 5
Batteries— Plttinger and Klttridge; Powell
and Ryan. Umpire — Emslle.
NEW YORK, May 17.— The New Yorks were
shut out to-day In an eventful game. There
was a continual wrangle with the umpire, with
the result that Davis, Warner and Taylor
were removed from the same. Attendance,
5100. Score: ,
Clubs— ' R. H. E.
New York 0 9-0
Chicago 4 9 0
Batteries— Taylor. Phyle, "Warner and Bower
man; Eason and Kilns. Umpire— Nash.
BROOKLYN. May 17.— The Brooklyns won
out in the ninth to-day after a game that
was marked by free hitting and several sensa
tional features. McFadden was knocked out
of the box in three innings. Attendance, 1600.
Score:
Clubs— . R. H. E.
Cincinnati 9 14 3
Brooklyn 10 • 13 2
Batteries— McFadden, Newton and Bergen ;
Hughes and McGuire. Umpire— Dwyer.
PHILADELPHIA. May 17.— Pittsburg de
feated Philadelphia to-day In a game that was
interesting- from beginning to end. • It was a
pitchers' battle until the ninth Inning, when
the visitors captured the game on four hits
and a base on balls. Attendance, 2100. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg .6 11 3
Philadelphia .....4 9 2
Batteries— Leever and Zlmmer; Donohue and
Douglass. Umpire— O' Day.
i AMERICAN 'LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON. May 17.— Washington to-day
won the game from Philadelphia by great
stick work In the ninth. Foster's home run in
the ninth tied the score and . Coughlln clinch
ed the victory by sending the ball^over the
fence. Atteniance, 31C5. Score:
Clubs— R. H. . E.
Washington ;.f .....8- IS 3
Philadelphia 7 ,10 7
Batteries— Carrick and Grady; . Piatt and
Murphy.
CHICAGO, May 17.— Three gifts and .five hits
gave Chicago four runs in- the first two In
nings, five passes and two hits starting Mil
waukee- off . with three. The visitors went to
the front in the . fifth, hitting Patterson hard
and relieving him. Attendance, 2400. Score:
Clubs—' , R. H. E.
Chicago .' 7 9 3
Milwaukee ...........;........ 6 8 . l
Batteries— Patterson, Harvey -. and ' Sullivan;
Sugden.' Sparks. Dowllng . and teahy.
CLEVELAND, May 17.— Costly errors during
the early part of the game gave Detroit the
second game of the series. AH of the runs
In the first three . Innings were gifts. After
that the team took a brace, but the lead was
too great. < Attendance. 1800. ; Score;
Clubs— ' ' R. ¦ H. E.
Cleveland ................ J... i ' 10 4
Detroit 6 .\ 9 ' l
Batteries— Hotter and Wood;,Cronln and Mc-
Allister. ....
BOSTON, May 17. — Both teams put up a
ragged game In the field, the errors being of
the yellowest description. Young's batting
and a : phenomenal catch by Dowd - were the
features. -Attendance, 4306. Score: • •.• ¦ .¦ •/
Clubs— *. ; R. H. E.
Standing of the Teams.
NATION LEAGUE..
BASEBALL GAMES
ON EASTERN FIELD
LONDON, May 17.— Miss M. A. Graham
of the Hoy Lake Club defeated Miss Adair
in the final round of the woman's golf
championship games at Aberdovey. Wales
to-day by 3 up and 2 to play. She thus
becomes champion. Miss Grahams' driv
ing and putting were splendid.
Miss M. A. Graham Wins.
SO successful was the last boxing
entertainment of the Olympic Club
that the directors of that instltu
tlon have laid plans for another
on the same lines. The last was
a coast championship affair and- brought
out the best line of young amateurs from
tno B mall and large clubs of > this and
nearby cities. Some new men came to
tno f rO nt, furnishing fistic eport of a cer
tain and fixed quality. '
The tournament which will take place
on May 22 and 23 will be up to the stand
ard. Some of the newcomers developed
ln the coast championship encounters wills
bo seen next Wednesday and Thursday
inside the Olympic Club ring 'to; better
advantage than on the previous appear
ance. The San Francisco Club, the Re
"a"" Club, the Bay City Club, th« Oak
»a" d Weit Knd Club, as well as tho Olym
•
P'c, Club, will be well represented. The
Olympic Club: men are training faithfully
under Al Lean./ Alec ; Greggalns Is hand
line his string of fistic athletes, and ho
says he will come home from his visit to
Post street with aline of medal winners.' ,
Members of the Olympic Club will be
.admitted to the tournament without ex
, tra charge.' but a limited number of tlck
**?« at ,' 2 for onch night may be obtained
p™?,™,, 0 ™ 1 ' ¦ '¦ ' ,„ v. ' , , , ?«,
;J.?fl lcu i ar . l care w111 be In the
?l™? ( f of the> «tatu« of the boxers ; en-
K " competition; None but thoae who
v h v^f |lf r l c « I A Btepp f '^"h tho Pacific Amateur
Ath ' ft flc : Association, aro eligible.
As In tho l,ast tournament the club .has
arranged for the druwlng of tho men so
tllllt n " confusion :>r charges of imfidr
ncsB can urine 1 , Tin- prnllmljinrlcrt and
Ncml-flnnls will be worked out on the first
nljfht of tho tournament, reserving tli>;
second nlpht for tho llnnls In all cUissch.
Should this tournament prove tht« suc
c( ss ' that Is nntlclputod It la tho Intention
ot t he Olympic Club to gather together
from the amateur champions a team iit
nntl capable to replif^ent tho West In tho
next national boxing, tournament held In
is likely that the famous "Midget" barge
crew will be made up again and will strive
to regain its honors in the senior class.
Last Sunday was a lively day at the
Ariel boathouse, two junior barge crews
and several scullers being out for prac
tice. The new junior four are W. Toung,
B. Brown. Aaron Hrown and W. Sherry.
Several of th« members went over to the
rock on which the new boathouse will be
built and began work upon It. To enlarge
the base it is proposed to put down Iron
¦Dlpes filled with cexrtent. Several applica
tions have been received for membership,
and it is expected that a dozen or more
new members will be admitted at the next
meeting of the club.
The Dolphin Boating Club at Its last
mteting appointed a nominating commit
tee consisting of J. S. Earls, C. M. Far
rell, T. J. Kennedy, W. Fauser and W. O.
Patch. The club will charter a -schooner
on June 16 and sail about the bay, landing
at. Waldo Point, Sausalito, where a clam
bake will be given on the beach. In open
regattas A. W. Pape will" represent the
Dolphins in the shell, G-eorge Baker in the
sejiior skiff and Leo Wienand In the
Junior skiff. Efforts are also being made
to organize a junior barge crew, in which
Stanley Adderley will probably take the
feat vacated by E. A. Kragness.
Th*> prospect In the rowing world Is de
ciacaly brighter than it was, and there
ajiprar to be pood chances for an Inter
cMlnp regatta later on in the season. The
Merchant** Exchange committee of Oak
land, in charge of tho celebration on the
Fourth of July, neems to bo favorably in
clined toward making a rowing regatta
on Lake Merritt a leading feature of the
celebration on the national holiday. The
lako has been dredged, deepened and
greatly improved since the Pacific Asi-o
ciailon some years ago gavo a regatta
on Itf waters. There is ample space for
ppectators on the banks to view the races
In comfort and without crowding, and the
project Is awakening a good deal of inter
est .among the oarsmen of Oakland Creek.
The- University of California Boat Club
¦will 1 lend its aid. and may arrange a race
against the Columbia Rowing Club, the
quarters of which adjoin those of the uni
versity on Sessions Basin. The Univer
sity Club will shortly receive its four
oared shell from Cornell and will be anx
ious for a trial of speed. It will also send
contestants in for the outrigged skiff
races. The Alameda Boat Club has taken
up the idea with enthusiasm and devoted
a good deal of time to discussing It at its
last meeting. A committee consisting of
A. G. Bell, W. C. Donnelly and Captain
E. B. Thorning, to act In conjunction with
W.'B. Hinchman, president of the Pacific
Association, was appointed. The public
bodies of Alameda will be approached and
asked to aid in bringing the regatta about.
When matters are far enough advanced a
definite plan will be laid before the Oak
land committee. If the arrangements are
satisfactorily concluded by the end of the
present month the oarsmen will have five
weeks for practice before the regatta.
The South End Rowing Club has a good
deal of material for oarsmen Just now,
three junior barge crews having been or
ganized. The first of these consists of C.
C. L'-ennis, bow; Matt Harris, No. 2; J.
McGeorse, No. 3, and Emll Blumlein,
stroke. The second Is made up of H. Lar
sen, bow; J. P. Foley, No. 2; A. McDuffey.
No, 3, and Charles Jenkins, stroke. The
third is composed of E. Pallas, bow; F.
Msiyo, No. 2; J. Marsh, No. 3, and E.
Lyons, stroke. It 1* probable that two of
these three Junior fours will take part in
ai.y regatta that may be held during this
season. E. Scull j- has also organized an
intermediate barge crew. ' The existence
of several crews promotes interest among
the members, as it excites a friendly ri
valry and gives an opportunity for im
prcrcptu trials of speed. It is thought
that Larsen will prove an acquisition to
the South Ends, as he has had consid
erable practice in rowing at Portland. The
South End Rowing Club Intends to make
an application to the board of managers
of -the Pacific Association of the Amateur
Athletic Union for the reinstatement of
Robert McArthur as an amateur on the
grounds that he has for a long time taken,
no interest or share In professional sports
and has been under the ban long enough.
If the application is successful and Mc-
Arthur recovers his amateur standing it
Lake Merritt May Be Scene
of Big Aquatic Carnival
on the Glorious Fourth
OARSMEN WAKING UP
PROSPECTS FOR
ROWING RACES
GROW BRIGHTER
AMATEUR BOXERS WILL COMPETE FOR CLASS MEDALS
AT THE OLYMPIC CLUB TOURNAMENT OPEN TO ALL
IF hustling can make the affair a suc
cess, .t^e inaugural meeting of the
California Couralng'Commlttee sAake
.will be an event, that will go down
. t Sn the history 'of tho sport , in tho
country. The fever has taken hold and
every member of the committee i» striving
to outdo ;the other In an effort to add to
tho success of the event. ¦
In the matter pf entrlen it Is an assured
fact. that the pick of the champions will
be on the card. The naming of contestants
has ' ausumed a | more serious I phase antl
the plans resorted to In securing some of
the, favored hounds where ' applicants to
run them are plentiful would be worthy of
diplomats of the nations.
Tho necretnry of j the California Cours
ing Committee has received a number of
telegrams, from up country 'members an
.nouuclng their candidates. Charles Qas-
Bfigno and H. H. Lyons of Lbs Angeles
will- have Little Sister ami For Glory to
represent them. E. N. Whltesldes of San
Jo*e .will probably name Firm Fellow.
Sacramento has as yet not decided on an
nntry, though it is lively. that Dr. Woldon
will havo Sacramento Boy to represent
the Capital City. In all there will be
twenty or twenty-four dogs competing for
honors, and nearly every nominator will
at least get back his entrance fee.
J. F. Halton, R..K. Malcolm, J. R. Dick
son, J. A. Klein, E. E. Shotwell, D. Dil
lon, II. A. Deckelman, : D. Delury, P. C.
Clarkson, William O'Neill, Dr. E. J. Wel
don, ,F. P. Clark, R. E. Wilcox, J. W.
Perry, C. W. Edgecombe, H. H. Lyon,
Charles Gassagne, W. H. Carmlchael. E.
N. Whitesides. J. P. Reilly, J. H. Ros
seter and Q. Van Hummell are entitled
to a nomination in the stake.
CHAMPION HOUNDS WILL COMPETE
IN COURSING COMMITTED STAKE
The , event 'is on the card for Sunday,
May 26. > , , . ¦;-•
Ralph L. Taylor, one of the most popu
lnr leoshmen of the coast, has severed his
connections with the coursing game and
will depart for the East to-day. After vis
iting his forme* home In Eroporla, Kans.,
Mr. Taylor win go to Chicago, whero he
will hereafter reside. -'.-^W&i
Charley Grlswold will probably take the
position of slip steward, made vacant by
Taylor's departure.
t At' Vallejo the result of lost Sunday'*
stake was tho division of honors among
Sylvanus, Jimmy Anthony and Jewess.
At I.n.i AnceleH tho champion stake
went to Hot Foot, with Frosty Morn sec*
oral. The reserve utoke was captured by
Twlstctm, Anglo Mao taking second
money.
W. Johnson has registered Articulate, a
8flfc?uartNSlmaloa puppy, recently pur
chased from Dominick Hhunnotj.
.The firm of Hoffman & Beck. has been
dissolved. The Fortuna-Favente-Ltght
faot ! puppies, Footlight . and Mf ellyht,
have been registered In the name of \V.
F. Hoffman. Mr. Hoffman has also pur
chased the Interest of his former partner
in the greyhound Lightfoot.
F. Schou has purchased Nora Lawrence
from 1*. Hore.
Mrs. M. B. Parkinson has registered
Ben Lomond.
F. Adams of Los Angeles has. purchased
Thornhill, Comet and Lady Napoleon. :
. Ever Shore and Sweet Briar are now the
property of D. Cahill of Los Angeles.
" The firm of Maher & Reed has been dls
solved.v Bad. Boy, a greyhound of note,
which has been run in the name of the
llrm, has been registered by Thomas Ma
her.
Colonel R. E. de B. Lopez has announced
his retirement from the coursing game.
His kennel of coursers will be run here
after, by his son William.
To-day and to-morrow are open days on
the programme of the Corinthian Yacht
Club. The San Francttco fleet will crulM
to PariuUrto Cove thbt evening, will an
chor there for the night and return , to
morrow on an ebb tide. The California
Yacht Club has a cruise to Vallejo on
Its schedule for to-day, but will postpone
It so as to enable Us members to see the
launching of the battleship Ohio. Next
Saturday the Corinthians will cruise to
1'etaluma drawbridge, returning to their
moorings on the following day.
The crulao of the San Francisco and *
Corinthian yacht clubs to Vallejo last Sat
urday was very successful, the boats mak
ing excellent time with a fair wind and
flood tide. G. E. Billings' .sloop Nlxle
made the trip from Sausallto to the navy
yard In 2 hours 45 minutes, and the sloop
Cygnus, a smaller and slower craft, ac
complished it in the good time of 3 hours
25 minutes. About a score of Corinthian
boats and nine craft flying the San Fran
cisco burgee lay at anchor In Carqutnez
Straits on Sunday morning. The San
Francisco yachts started across the line
between the launch America and tee re
ceiving ship Independence at 9 a. m., the
Corinthians waiting till a somewhat later
hour. The trip down was an unusually
pleasant and fast one. there being a good
breeze and exceptionally smooth water in
San Pablo- Bay. The fastest trip waa
made by the sloop Nixie, whose time for
the twenty-six nautical miles was 3 hours
It minutes 15 seconds. Interest in the
race was considerably lessened by tho
fact that none of the big schooners ex
cept the flagship Ramona took part In
the event. H. R. Slmpklns' yawl Tramon
tana being also absent. In the smaller
class Vice Commodore R. S. Bridgman's
sloop Thetis made the best sailing time,
but the flag went to P. de Martini's sloop
Siren on time allowance. The remarka
ble feature about the sail down was the
long lee the boats were able to make,
keeping on the port tack from the Mare
Island light right down to Marln Islands.
Off Paradise Cove some craft of the Cali
fornia Yacht Club were seen.
The California Yacht Club cruised last
Saturday to Lone Tree Cove, Angel Isl
and, where they anchored for the night.
Among the yachts that made the trip
were Vice Commodore Charles B! Clark's
yawl Gypsie. Port Captain Allen M. Clay's
sloop Pactolus, Measurer John T. i Car
rier's sloop Jessie E, Shaw and Martin's
yawl Idler, R. F. Millar's sloop Lapwing.
Kendall. Greene and Vincent's sloop Alert,
and S. and L. I. Gale's sloop Secret. Com
modore S. S. Marshall's sloop Thelma was
not on the cruise, as she has not yet been
repaired since her collision with the
freight steamer Transit. The railroad
company, after an investigation of the
facts connected with the collision, has de
cided to admit Its responsibility for the
mishap and to pay the whole expense of
repairing the damage.
The,ValleJo Yacht Club house is mak
ing slow progress, but this 13' accounted
for by the fact that it is being built by
the members and not by contract. W. J.
Wood of the sloop Angela has retired
from tho office of commodore, and the
following board of directors has been
elected: Commodore, Charles : Chapman:
vice commodore, A. P. Noyes; port cap
tain. G. H. "Warford: secretary. "W. A.
Kirkland; treasurer, T. V. Collins; meas
urer, Matthew Turner; members of board
— G. Wenlger, F. R. Devlin, P. Rock., A.
Hammer, D. Barry; regatta committee—
J. ¦ E. Lowney, W. D. Callan and- "W.
White. The . clubhouse is being built on
piles right out in the water and can only
be approached by boat. When completed
it will be a great convenience to yachts
men from the city cruising 1 to Vallejo,
supplying a place where oars, oarlocks
and other equipment may be left In safe
ty. It is not yel known whether the Val
lejo Yacht Club will join the Pacific In
terclub Yacht Association, which requires
a membership of three yacht clubs to'
maintain its existence. At present only
two clubs, the . San Franclscos and the
Corinthians, are members, and of these
'two only 'the Corinthian Club has ap
pointed the three delegates to- the asso
ciation. As the prizes offered by Com
modore J. M. Macdonough and Herbert
E. Law will lapse if the association goes
out of existence and no new one is formed 
to succeed It, It behooves those who are
interested In maintaining an annual re
gatta, open to all recognized yacht clubs
on the" bay, to bestir themselves.
California Clubmen Abandon
Cruise to Vallejo to See
Launching of Battleship
DAMAGES FOR THELMA
SAN FRANGISCO
YACHTSMEN AT
PARADISE COVE
10
SPORTS AMATEUR BOXING TOURNAMENT, COURSING, YACHTING AND ROWING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; ¦SATURDAY;'' : MAY : ;-i8;' ; ; : i9Ol.'24G9. SIXTH RACE— Sbc and a. half fur
longs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350. •¦
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2456 Jim Hale, 107.Alexander 4 12 12 12
2442 Wardman, 108.Basslnger 6 5 4 6 2 ns
2442 Dunfree, 105 Ransch 13 2 2 n 3 4
(2459)Flatterer, 108 Hoar 2 4 1 3 % 4 12
2442 Maresa. 109....... Russell 3 2% 5 5 .
Time— V*. :23: %, :48»4: %, 1:14; 6Hf. 1:21-
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, W. L. Stanfleld's b. g. by
Imp. PIccolo-Rillltto. Pace was telling on
Hale near the close. Wardman completely out
footed the first part. Dunfree ran his race.
Maresa quit. Flatterer gave it up.
Betting— Jim Hale. 11-5: Wardman, 3-2; Dun
free, 8; Flatterer, 7-2; Maresa, 10. C-WffJT,-
24G8. FIFTH RACE-Four and a half fur
longs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(2112) Escalante. 106. Alexander 4 12 4 3 14
2377 Royalty, 105.... Bassinger 3 2 H 2 1 2 2
240S Porous. 106 Hoar 2 3 1 3 2 3 3
2436 Vasallo. 103 Ransch 1 5^ m 4 2
2377 Huachuca. 106 Collis 7 7 2 7 2 5 5
24C0 Torso Maid. 107.Bozeman 5 l^'lh 6 3
.(2441)Dandy, 114 .". Ruiz 6 9 1 8 2 7 5
2436 Evea 6, 103. . .FauntleroylO 4 H 6 h 8 1
.... Atnipap, 106 Russell 8 10 9 9 2
2124 Irma A, 100 Hafley 9 8 1 10 10
Time-5-16. :31; 4^f. :55U- Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner. E.
J. Baldwin & Co.'s ch. c. by Amigo-Colonias.
Escalante seems to be of the improving sort.
Royalty hard ridden the entire route. Vasallo
cut off soon- after start. Torso Maid can do
better. Irma A tried to run out on far turn.
Scratched— Sol 103.
Betting — Eecalante, 10; Royalty, 3; Porous,
30; Vasallo, 12-5; Huachuca, 7; Torso Maid. 8;
Dandy, 20; Evea G, 20; Atnipap, 50; Irma A, 15.
2407. FOURTH RACE— Mile and a Quarter;
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $100.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2445 Gauntlet, 5. 10S.. Ransch 3 In 1^4 11
2450 Malay, 5, 105...Bassinger 4 3 IVi 2 1 2 3
2437 Stromo. 5. 99-Fauntleroy 2 2 3 3 4 3 8
2361 Vohicer. 4, 9&."...'..-.Hoarl 4 10 4 5 4 6
2437 Faunette, a, 97..... .Dyer 5 6 5- 5
Time— %, :25%: %, :51; %, 1:1«4: mile. 1:42;
l'im, 2:08. Good start. Won cleverly. Second
and third driving. Winner. W. D. Randall's
ch. h. by imp. Cavaller-Herschel. Gauntlet
was best. Too far for Malay. He is not at
himself, anyway. Stromo ran his race.
Betting— Gauntlet, 11-10; Malay, 6-5; Stromo,
16; Vohicer, 10; Faunette, 75. .'--»--.
2466. THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; maiden
two-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index, Horse, .Wt. Jockey.: St. • *i. Str. Fin. ¦
2454 Carlo. 118 Conley 1 (^ In 12
2429 B. C. Greene. 118.Basngr 3 14 2 2 2 n
2389 Lady. Carlo, 115 Ruiz 6 4 n '4>,4 3 2
2452 Botany, llo..Fauntleroy 5 2 h 3 h 4 2 -
2412 Armado, 115 ....Ransch 4-3 1 6 1 5 n
2441 Remele. 118 ..Alexander 2 6 1 6 3 6 4
2315 You You. 115.. Hoar 8 8 7 2 7 6
2417 S. Bruce, * 118.... Shields 7 7 2 8" 8
Time— %, :24%; %," :49V4. Good '. start. Won
first three driving. Winner, W. M. Murry's
ch. c. by St." Carlo-imp. Ellse. Carlo was
sore but probably warmed out of it during
a dslay at post. Greene ran his race. Lady
Carlo cut off by Armado before striking the
stretch, i Armado very raifk. You You and
Bruce off poorly. Scratched— Hon. P. Ster
ling 118.
• Betting— Carlo, 5-2; B. C. Greene, 9: Lady
Carlo. . 7; Botany, 30; Armado, 2; Remele, 20;
You You, 20; Senator Bruce, 4.
2465. SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; three
year-olds - and - up ; purse; J350. ¦
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. .St. Vi. Str. Fin.
(2448) Yellowtail, 4. 137.. .Ruiz 6 2 1 14U2
2371 Articulate. 3, 125.Ransch 14 2 3 Vi 2 ns
2461 M. Strauss, 4. 134.. Hoar 2.3 % . 2 1 3 5
2446 David S, 3, 122..Armstg 3 1 n 4 12 4 13
.2128 Aurora B,.a, 135.DIngley 4 5 5. 5 ,
:Time-%,- :12%; %, :24;"-^ :49%: %. 1:02.
Good start. • Won easily. - Second 'and third
driving. ¦ Winner. J. Hackett'sch h. : by. imp.
Watercress-imp. Palbma. Only, a pipe-opener
for" the • big- fellow. ¦ Articulate' has been on
the ailing list: Strauss ran his race. »•:
Betting— Yellowtail, • 9-20; 'Articulate, 5-2;
Mike Strauss, 15; David S. 60; Aurora B, 50.
two-year-olds; purse, $300,--
Index," Horse. Wt, Jockey! " St.' * %. "Str/miL
....Nonie. 115 .Sullivan 2 7 1 ... 11%
2449 Lento, -'118 •.....'..Greene 7 " 6 %" ... / 2 1
2189 Gypsy ¦ Boy, 118.. Shields 3 11:... 31
2452 Shell Mount, U5...Collis 8 6 Vg ... 4h
2452 Dan Collins, 115..Dugan 6 !h ... '55
2441 Clear. Sky. 115 TullettlO 8 1 ... -6 n
. .... Big Massie, 118.. .Conley 9 4 W ...'•¦7 2
2454 St. Sever 115. .Alexander A 9 ... 8 3'
2441 W. Boy, 118.. Hennessey 1 3 n ... 9 1
...: S. Robinson. 115.Bozemn 5 11 ... 10 2
2004 Cayenne Peppr, 115.Ruizll 10 ... II 1
2449 Knocklngs, 115.. Armstrg • ... ... ....
! Tlme^-%,. :25; . .%, :50tf. . Good start. Won
easily, . . Second and third v driving. Winner.
M. Kane's b. f. by San tlago-Crap Game. A
mild killing was made on Nonie, . which won
like a fair one. Lento ran a nice race. . Gypsy
Boy quit. Shell Mount will Improve.- He is
green.. yet Delay at post didn't help Dan
Collins. . »Left., . I
Betting— Nonie. .10; Lento. 6; Gypsy Boy, 6;
Shell Mount, 20; Dan. Collins. 4; Clear Sky,
50;:! Big .Massie, • 7; . St. Sever, 10; ¦ "Wandering
Boy. 15;. Sue Robinson, 30; Cayenne Pepper,
9-2; Knocklngs. • 50. .
OAKTrATSTD RACETRACK -Friday,
May 17. 190L— Weather fine,- ¦ Track
fast: ¦ ; -
2404. FIRST RACE— Four ' furlongs ; £ maiden
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
Commissioners Beady to
Pass on Celebrated
Case.
• For the • second maiden two-year-old
number Carlo, from William- Murry's sta
ble) was | installed ¦' favorite. The colt
warmed. up very sore," causing his price to
recede to 5 to 2, and r the- smart ones un
loaded on' the Burns & "Waterhouse en
try, Armado. Under. fierce riding Conley
on Carlo caught B. C. Greene below tWe
paddock and driving hard - passed the
judges two lengths to the good. Armado
acted rank, and a delay " at the post did
not Improve his disposition. . ' .
- Such a warm tip permeated the ring
and paddock on Malay that those who
fancied Gauntlet got as good as 7 to 5
against their money. Malay -was found
wanting, for Ransch on Gauntlet took the
lead when ready,' winning very cleverly
in 2:08. Stromo ran a fair third, eight
lengths before Vohicer. —
In the hustle to back Vasallo to win the
two-year-old dash at four and a half fur
longs everything else ¦ was seemingly
neglected except possibly Royalty. At the
start Alexander rushed Escalante, a 12 to
l-'shot, off in front, and although Royalty
was desperately urged' by Bassinger the
outsider reached home ¦ first by four
lengths. Never a fast beginner, Vasallo
was early interfered with", ainning fourth.
Another favorite was bowled over in the
concluding 1 six' and' a ,-hialf ' furlong run.
On/ the strength . of , two previous wins
Wardman came out 3 to- 2 chance and
CLAIM OF ITATA
TO BE SETTLED
' Maurice Kane, the owner of Nonie, win
ner of the opening four-furlong dash for
maiden two-year-olds, made a mild "kill
ing." It was the first time out for the
filly, but Kane had the temerity to get
aboard, forcing the odds from 25 down- to
10. Johnny. Sullivan had the leg -up, and
merely wading through her field the last
quarter rolled in ahead of. Lento and Gyp-,
sy Boy.' Dan Collins, the favorite, is'a'
faint-hearted youngster, again backing
up. . , " : . ;{.. ;.-; ':.;... ' ;«.-»*
; With Yellowtail,- Billy Randall's Gaunt
let, shared^ the honor of .'b'elng^ the only
winning" favorites. But this does not mean
thdt th© talent was . treated badly, for
Nonie. Carlo and 'Jim Hale all had hosts
of friends; ; ':'- » • ••. ¦
" meeting' of the pair drawing a full
house. Yellowtail went to the post a 9 to
20 favorite and won with Ruiz back-pedal
ing,., white Articulate, finishing as if he
had a punctured tire, just nosed Mike
Strauss out for the place. In extenuation
of the ragged showing made by the three
year-old it can be said he appeared under
most , unfavorable circumstances. Accord
ing to the conditions the weights were
raised fifteen pounds above the scale, and
his 137 pounds bothered Yellowtail but lit-;
tie. Besides Articulate -has been on the
ailing list for some days, suffering from a
cough, which would_ not tend to whet his
speed. So badly, off was he reported that
not a' few of the books laid. 1 to 3 that he
would not show. . ¦'.'-
fc-)j^3HB crack brown colt Articulate
I tried the temper of his mettle with
. I Yellowtail in a five-furlong sprint
II" at Oakland track yesterday, the
BY F. K lOTLHOLLAinX
was downed almost easily by "Jim Hale,
the second chcice,' which made all the
running. The favorfte could not keep up
the first part, though finishing gamely and
Between 3000 and 5000 acres will be plant
ed to summer crops at once. Some of this
will be seeded to alfalfa on land which
can ' be easily flooded and where it is
known that nothing more than a scratch*
Ing of the soil Is needed to make It ready
for seeding. The purpose of this planting
will be to see how quickly a crop. of hay
can be obtained from the new land for
the sustenance of the large number of
horses and mules in the various camps
which are at work constructing the sub
sidiary canals and laterals. A carload of
sorghum seed is going out . to the land
early next week, andi several other cars
of grain for similar purposes are being
contracted for.
The big canal has a carrying capacity
for sufficient water to irrigate 250,000 acres
of land, and as there Is about that much
land waiting for the water it will not be
long befqre two parallel canals will be
constructed with almost equal capacity.
The company has unbounded faith in the
project and has constructed Its works on
the theory that success is certain. The
soil, of unknown depth. Is rich almost be
yond comparison, being formed of the sed
iment which -has been brought down by
the Colorado River through countless
ages. The immense growth of -wild grasses
during the short seasons of rain and over
flow; which occur sometimes yearly and
sometimes every two or three years,
proves what the soil is capable of produc
ing.
• • George Chaffee came down from the
heading, which is on the west bank of tha
Colorado River several miles below Tuma,
and reports that the first water through,
the regular floodgates of the canal was
turned in yesterday morning at 11 o'clock.
While the headgates have been building
the water was allowed to reach the canal
while the dredger was doing its work cut
ting a way into the bed of the old Salton
River. That slough has now been closed
and all of the water will be turned in
through the gates.
SAN DIEGO, May 17.-The water has
been turned Into the immense canal3 of
the Imperial Company through the head
gates at .Hanlon's heading, and it is ex
pected that the flow will reach the town
of Imperial by next Wednesday. A special
dispatch to the Union to that effect was
received last evening. „•' *
Special Dispatch to .The Call.
Water Is Turned Into
the Imperial Com
pany's Canals.
WILL RECLAIM
DESERT TRACTS
First race — First Shot, Katie 'Walcott, Saul of
Tarsus. "
Second race— Glissando, Iloringa, Mountain
Dew. ' _,. ¦'
Third race — Achilles. The Giver, Louwelsea.
Fourth race— Torsina. Foul Play, JIng'.a
Jingle. ~ : -'- : f
Fifth race— Lost Girl, Formero, Jim Me-
Sixth race— Horton, Goldone, Castake. • -
Probable Winners.
Sixth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up;
selling: - - 4
(2444)Bathoa .109 2461 Castake ........109
(2439)Goldone 110 2453 Pins 109
(2436)I>ang. Maid... .103 1719 Monda Ill
(2445)Horton 114
Fifth race— Mile and fifty yards; three-year
olds and up; selling:
2453 Frank Duffy. ... 110 2467 Stromo 112
2426 Lost Girl 110 1932 Burdoc 110
2430 IUilouon ..-97 2456 Scr"well Lake.. 93
2446 Quibo 100 2415 Formero 115
2350 Slsenvlno 97 2462 Jim McCleevr . .115
2444 Ostler Joe 115; 2455 Montallade ....112
Fourth race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; selling: • %
2451 Mocorito 113 2423 Torsida 11J
2437 El Mido 114 2431 Torsina \X3
2403 Daniel 112 2396 Jlnsrle Jtngle...ll2
2456 Duckoy 112 2431 Jerid -117
2462 Novla 112 2462 Dr. Nembula...ll4
2413 Foul Play 110' 2455 Amasa lli
Third • race — Futurity coarse; two-year-olds;
purse:
24€0 The Giver 110 1 (2434) Achilles 110
2460 Louwelsea. 113 1 2460 Divlna. 107
Second race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; eelllngr:
2456 Glissando 118 2461 Al*a ...."_ lift
2451 Galene 110 2458 Harry Thatchr.lU
2440 Position 112 2452 Tule ...1 113
2444 iloringa 1H 2431 Xettie Clark.^.llO
240& March Seven... 110 2447 Rapldo 114
2331 Mountain Dew.112 2415 Homestake ....113
2463 Sunello 112
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Five furlongs; four-year-olds and
up: purse:
2373 Undo 1C» 2411 Rosa Baa 107
245.3 Katie Walcott_lQ7 2435 Senator Matts..U2
2458 Gold Finder.. ..109 2373 First Shot 10»
1941 Swirt "Water....lO7 2411 John Welch 101>
2462 Saul of Tarsua.109 2107 Evirato 112
2374 Del Vista 107 2440 Searchlight ....113
Messrs. McCarthy and Fitch have been
engaged to do the poolselling at the big
Montana race meetings. Both are finished
and capable auctioneers.
Maurice Kane must have taken $2000 out
of the ring over the win of Node. Tha
filly is trained by E. McSweeney, well
known as the owner of St. Calatlne.
Alexander shows marked improvement
in his style of riding, as he now seems to
be able to wait, and not tiptoe his mount
the entire way. He rode. two winners yes
terday.
Some daya ago It was generally sup
posed that Huachuca was broken down.
However, Johnny Campbell sent the colt
to the post in the flftn number.
Track Notes.
snatching the place from Dunfree by a
Backed From Twenty-Five Down to Ten, Nonie, a Maiden Two-Year-Old, Runs
Circles Around, Her Company— Escalante in Front at Long Odds.
Malay Proves No Match for Gauntlet, Who Wins the Race Easily
ARTICULATE, SADLY OUT OF CONDITION, IS BEATEN
IN AN ORDINARY GALLOR BY SPEEDY YELLOWTAIL
BLACKFOOT, Idaho, , May 17.-George
D. Golden, grand master of the Masons of
Idaho, died suddenly at Idaho Palls to
day. -Death was due to neuralgia of the
heart. ' "
Grand Master Q. J>. Golden.
KANSAS CITY, May 17.— John P. Loom
is, president of Convention Hall, and a
prominent business man, died to-day after
a brief illness. He was born in Neenah,
Wis., in 1854. • • : . ..
John P. Loomis.
Edwin F. Uhl was born In 1841 near
Avon Springs, N. Y. Going to Michigan
when he was a boy, he finished the course
in the public schools and graduated from
the University of Michigan at the age of
20. Uhl then located in Ypsilanti and en
tered a law firm. In 1871 he moved to
Grand Rapids, where he built up a splen
did law practice and became prominent
In the Democratic party. ' He was elected
Mayor of Grand Rapid* on the Demo
cratic ticket in 1890 and served two years.
At the beginning of President Cleveland's
second term Uhl was appointed Assistant
Secretary of State, and during part of his
Incumbency he was in charge of the de
partment. President" Cleveland later of
fered Uhl the post of Embassador to Ger
many and it' was accepted, Uhl serving
until President McKInley appointed his
successor. While In Germany Uhl took -a
decided stand against "free, silver" and
withdrew his support from ." the Demo
cratic party in the campaign of 1895. This
greatly affected his party . standing in
Grand Rapids, and when -he .returned
home from Germany he retired from poli
tics. Uhl was married in 1S65,- and is sur
vived by a widow and three daughters.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich.; May 17.— Hon.
Edwin F. Uhl, former Assistant'Secre
tary of State and Embassador to Ger
many under the Cleveland administra
tion, died shortly after noon to-day. He
had been ill nearly a year, suffering from
a complication of diseases, among them
Brlght's disease.'
Secretary and Embassador.
Death of Former Assistant State
HON. EDWIN F. UHL.
The Postofflce - Department has been
since, the beginning . of the Government
tho most opulent Held of the defaulter.
Shortages in- accounts 'of postmasters
from 1S20 to 1880, when the system of in
spection became extremely, rigid, were of
f rctjuent occurrences; In most cases,
however, the full amount of the defalca
tion was collected from bondsmen. In
about 10 per cent of .these defalcations,
however, the bonds 'proved to be worth
less and Uncle Sam became the loser.
Shortages .for small amounts were usually
paid promptly, the bondsmen doing it, but
when it came, to -settling for large
amounts it was more difficult. In some
cases men who have been on bonds of of
ficials who have defaulted subsequently
have money coming to them from the
Government, but it is applied' to their old
indebtedness. In the case of a major who
served during the Spanish, war in a vol
unteer regiment his entire salary for all
tha time he was In the service was thus
applied.
CALL BUREAU, i 1406 G , STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON,' May- 17.— Figures
have-been compiled here showing that the
total loss to the Government of the United
States from its foundation' to this' time
from- defalcations by': officials amounts to
about $16,000,000. For' twenty years after
the organization of the Government there
was not a single defalcation.. From 1820
to 1S4Q- shortages in the accounts of Gov
ernment officials became numerous, - and
from 1540 tolg60 there was a very marked,
increase. .-i.Teii-.iy ears- from ,l&6(kto 1870 'ex
ceeded any .similar period; as the oppor
tunities, for. embezzlements were greater.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sixteen Millions the Sum
] Stolen by Public
Officials.
LOS ANGELES, May 17.— Joe Bernstein
and Solly Smith signed articles to-day for
a return match on June 11. The men will
weigh In at 123 pounds and the contest will
be for. twenty rounds before the Century
Athletic Club. ." ¦ - . . ...
UNCLE SAM'S LOSSES
THROUGH DEFALCATIONS
Smith vs. Bernstein.
The statement is made that Mr. Lawson
intimates that the boat would be raced
in the trials in spite of the New York
Yacht Club.
It' is a loner standing rule of the club
that no yacht shall be eligible to com
pete In any of the club's events unless
her owner be a member of the organiza
tion.
NEW YORK, May 17.— The Mail and
Express says: Correspondence between
Thomas W. Lawson of Boston, owner of
the ninety-foot yacht = Independence, and
the America's cup committee has reached
such an. acute stage of jbltterness on the
part of the Boston man jthat the commit-'
tee has decided to break off all negotia
tions and to bar that boat- not only from
the trial races to select a defender to
meet the Shamrock II but from all other
events over which the New -York Yacht
Club will have jurisdiction 5 .' The corre
spondence has been turned over to the
printers and will be given to the newspa
pers probably to-morrow.
The decision not to permit the Inde
pendence tp race in the trials against the
Constitution and the Columbia was
reached by the cup committee at a special
meeting held Wednesday in the office of
Mr. Belmont. ¦
Thomas W. Lawson Are at
Outs/ Over the Big Race
America'sCup Committee and
WAR FOR YACHTSMEN
INDEPENDENCE
IS BARRED FROM
COMPETITION
WHALEN IS BOMBARDED BY SENATORS BUT WASPS
FAIL TO SOLVE THE INTRICATE CURVES OF THOMAS
plate when he slid three feet from it and
allowed one man to score on a foul tip.
Score:
L.OS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoft, rf 5 0 2 0 2 0 0
Kelly, 6S 5 12 0 2 5 1
Hutchinson, lb 3 10 0 0 0 1
Householder, cf 4 1 1 1 ~1 0 0
Spies, c .6, 1 2 0 6 1 0
Reilly, 3b 2 1 0 0110
Bowman, If 6 1 2 0 2 0 0
Brlseno. 2b 4 0 10 3 2 0
Jones, p .• 4 11 10 5 0
Totals ..37 7 11 2 »26 14 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R, BH. SB. PO. A. E..
Drennan, cf 4 0 0 0.4 0 0
Etrelb, lb 4 0 2 0 11 1.0
Moskiman, rf 4 110 10 0
Arrellanes, 2b 4 0 1 0 2 5 1
Dunleavy, If ......... 2 2 10 1 0 0
Francks, ss 3 11 0\ 8 2 1
Moore, 3b 3 0 0 0 2 3 0
Adam3, c 3 0 10 3 0 1
Russell, p 8 0 0 0 0 2 0
••Babbitt 1 0 0 0 0. 0 0
•••Held 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals .....32 4 7 0 27 13 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Anjjeles ....0 0000 0 070— 7
Base hits... 0 0 1 0 3 1 0 C 1—11
Oakland............. 0 2 0 1 10 0 0 0—4
Base hits 1 2 112 0 0 0 0—7
•Dunleavy out; hit by batted ball. "Batted
for Adams in the ninth Inning. •••Batted for
Russell in the ninth innins.
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Los Angeles 2, Oakland 3.
Three-base hit — Bowman. Two-base hits —
Kelly 2, Spies, Arrellanes. Sacrifice hits— Reilly,
Drennan, Francks, Moore. First base on errors
—Los Angeles 1, Oakland 2. First base on called
balls— Los Angeles 2, Oakland 2. Left on bases
—Los Angeles 8, Oakland .6. Struck out— By
Jones 6, by Russell 3. Hit by pitcher 1 —House
holder, Hutchinson, Reilly. Double plays—Bri
eeno to Kelly to Hutchinson; Russell to'Strelb
to Moore. Passed ball— Spies. Time of game—
1:55. Umpire— J. O'Connell. Official scorer—
Cashman. . ;
Locals Play a Loose Game of Baseball in Every Respect— Russell Grows
Weak in an Inning and the Orangemen Succeed in Again Win
ning From the Dudes on the Grounds Down at Los Angeles
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hildebrand. 1. t 4 110 1 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 3 1 1 1 3 1 0
Krug. ss.| 4 0 0 0 3 2 2
Pabst, lb! 1 1 .C 0 0 0 1
Croll. c. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Kordykc. r. f. & lb.. 2 10 0 6 0 0
Reilly, 3b 3 0 10 111
Graham, c 3 0 1 0 7 2 1
Whalen, p 4 0 10 0 4 0
Evans, r. f 3 0 1 10 0 1
Totals 81 4 « 1 « ID 6
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGueken, c f 5 2 10 10 0
Devereaux, ss 4 2 2-0 24 1
Courtney. 2b 5 3 6 0 2 3 0
McLaughlln, t {..,.( 0 0 110 1
Hanlon. lb E 0 0 0 11 0 0
Doyle, r. f 0 2 3 0 1 1 c 0
Stanley, c 4 110 4 10
Sheehan, 3b 4 10 0 4 3 2
Thomas,. j> 4 0 0 0 11 0
Totals 42 10 12 1 27 13 4
RUNS AND BASE HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco 20100000 1 — 4
Base hits .....2 01101100—6
Sacramento 10060300 •— 10
Base hits 10130421 •— 12
SUMMARY.
Rune responsible for— Whalen 6, Thomas 1.
Three-base hit— Courtney. Two-base hits—Hil
debrand, Graham, Devereaux, Courtney. First
base on errors— San Francisco 2, Sacramento 4.
First base on called balls — San Francisco 2,
Sacramento 1. Left on bases — San Francisco
5, Sacramento S. Struck out — By Whalen 5,
by Thomas 3. Hit by pitcher— Schwartz. Dev
ereaux, Stanley, Nordyke, Graham. Double
play — Sheehan to Hanlon. Passed ball — Gra
ham. Wild pitch — Whalen. Time of irame — 1:50.
Umpire— Donahue. Official scorer— McFarlin.
Another for the Angels.
LOS ANGELES, May 17.— Russell went
in the air in the eighth, allowing a single,,
three doubles and a triple, besides hitting
three batsmen and walking another.
O'Connell gave Oakland the first three
runs. He called Dunleavy safe at the
LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— Won. Irtst. Pet.
Pan Francisco. 17 13 .567
I*os Angeles 15 13 .536
Sacramento*. „ 1J 15 .464
Oakland 13 IT .433
Henry Harris raised the salary of
*'Chirnmie" \Vhalen for his excellent box
wcrk during the first spasms of the sea
pen. "Chlmmie" pitched yesterday and
his delivery was cut up in Infinitesimal
eectiens. Harris sat upon the bench and
¦wept himself into an intermittent sleep,
between sobs came the breaking eigh and
ernothered utterance: "Why did I do It?
"Why did I do it? Never again will I allow
my latent generosity to subjugate my rea
eon."
"Whalen was bad— «o bad that the Sena
tors played with him and didn't care to
I>i:t an end to his measures outright. In
the fourth Inning of the game- they fell
rpon him with a knocking style and left
B. trail of leather over the outfleld. Then
the scorer rang the bell four times. Two
Ir.n'ngs later they did the same thing once
egrs-in and James was hammered without
sr.orcy. The local team was strong in its
purport and Whalen was Indomitable in
liis pitching.
Thomas, Sacramento's new discovery,
"was there with a continuous performance
of unsolvables. The Hanxmen were In
but not of the game. They were deranged
early In the day by the physical disabil
ity ot Pabst, who retired and this
twitched the team to a new positional
nrripr. Tti«» spnre:
AMEBIGANS GAIN
JAPAN'S TRADE
Great Britain Credited
With Considerable
I Losses.
MINERS ESCAPE
A FALLING CAR
Accident at a Mine in
' Utah Terrorizes the
Workmen.
SALT LAKE, Utah, May 17.— A special
to the Deseret News from Park City,
Utah, says that an accident that nearly
'cost the lives of a dozen men and>esulted
In thousand dollars', damage /oc
curred at shaft No. 3 of .the' Ontario .mine'
to-day. .-¦:•;¦..".¦ V •'..¦":¦.¦. "¦;..'. .••:.¦¦.-¦'
-.''A carload of ore was being. hoisted from
the 1000-foot level. Through some misun
derstanding Engineer Densmore thought
he was hoisting from the 1500-foot 'level,
and when the 1000-foot run was completed
the car, instead of being stopped, contin
ued to go on, with the result that it shot
through the sheaves with a force : that
shook the surrounding building and 1 broke
the engine. . - ¦ •
. The disabled car came crashing down to
the spot where a number of workmen had
just been standing and who had run for
their lives as the car shot by them. All
escaped except one miner, whose head
was badly cut. Ingress and egress to the
mine was shut off except through the
manway and the 600-foot tunnel, and it
was hours before the miners below suc
ceeded in making their way to the sur
face. The accident will throw 800 men
out of employment for some time.
LOXDOK, May 17. — The consular report
of the foreign trade of Japan for 1900 em
phasizes the baleful effect upon trade of
the scarcity of money and . the abnormal
expenditure, upon unproductive works,
leading to an excess of Imports over ex
ports amounting to £8,500,000 and a conse
quent drain on specie, which foreign loans
could only temporarily relieve.
The United States, says the report, con
tinues to encroach on spheres of crade for
merly considered under the exclusive con
trol of the United Kingdom and other na
tions. American importation of raw cot
ton doubled in 1S39, giving America the
lead, while British India imports dimin
ished one-half.
The report refers to the Increase of im
ports of Araierican kerosene and the great
development of the Echigo fields with
American machinery, largely under the
auspices of the Standard Oil Company.
The Consul attributes the success of
Americans to their willingness to extend
their plants and rush orders to meet Jap
anese demands. •
The report says that though there Is
considerable talk of trusts, only a coal
combine was materialized, the conditions
for trust formation being unfavorable and
promoters lacking credit and capital.
Filipino General and
Three Hundred Men
Surrender.
REBELS RAISE
THE WHITE FLAG
MAJCILA, May 17.— General Mascardo,
with 328 men, has surrendered to. Captain
Joseph P. O'Neil of the Twenty-fifth In
fantry at San Anatonia, Semblas. Prov
ince. ¦ -• :- ... ¦ . . ;. ._..-...:.-. .•
Aguinaldo, in an interview- to-day., ex
pressed the opinion that the- "American
government of «the Phllippines^-in ' order
to be unquestionably satisfactory, should
conform strictly to the constitution. Ask
ed whether he considered the Filipinos
capable of exercising all the privileges
guaranteed by a literal interpretation and
application of . the constitution, he de
clined to express an opinion.- • -
Concerning the political and commercial
future of the archipelago, Aguinaldo was
reserved. He said it was hardly time .to
discuss It while In what he considered to
be captivity. The military officials say
he is kept guarded principally for his own
protection. Aguinaldo says that > he
knows of no enemies, needs no protec
tion and Is willing to go out unattended
if permitted to do so. He Is pleased wlta
the municipal law conferring full local
self-government. Concerning the provin
cial law, by which the Governor only is
an elective officer, Agruinaldo was uncom
municative. -' . .
It Is not expected that Agulnaldo will
continue to be prominent in Philippine af
fairs, though his 'friends concede his ex
ceptional abilities for leadership.
Next week the balance of the First In
fantry will proceed to the island of Sa
mar. Saaadrons of the Ninth and Tenth
Cavalry will also be sent to Samar.
Nine new American Judges called on
General MacArthur to-day. The general
Eald their duties were of greater impor
tance than those of any officials who pre
ceded them. He commended the estab
lishment of laws and a just Judiciary
ahead of the coming commercial treaty.
SPAIN'S YOUNG XING
\ REVIEWS HIS TROOPS
With Weyler and a Brilliant Suite
Alfonso Witnesses the Grand
Maneuvers.
MADRID, May 17.— King Alfonso for the
first time took a prominent part In the
grand maneuvers of the Madrid garrison
to-day. He appeared on horseback, sur
rounded by General Weyler, the Minister
of War: General Molto, the Captain Gen
eral of Madrid, all the marshals resident
at the capital and a numerous and bril
liant suite.
The young ruler was In excellent health.
He remained in the saddle for rive hours
and took the keenest interest in the ope
rations. Queen Regent Christina and
others of the royal family were present
in open carriages. All the elite of society
and thousands of other inhabitants of
Madrid attended the camp to witness the
brilliant military display. Both the
troops and spectators gave the King an
enthusiastic reception. His Majesty sub
sequently gave a luncheon to the cadets
of four academies.
COMPANIES ARE NOT
LIABLE FOR NEGLIGENCE
Decision Affecting Railway Corpora
tions During a Strike Rendered
in St. Paul.
- ST. PAUL, May 17.— The Supreme Court
to-day filed a street railway decision, said
to be the first in Its line by any Supreme
Court in the United States. The ques
tion whether the street car companies are
guilty of negligence when they attempt
to operate their .cars in time of strikes
was injected by the District Judge at Du
luth in his charge to .the Jury, and upon
that question the decision of the appeal
case has turned.
The Supreme Court holds that, as to its
passengers, the company is not Jlable for
negligence In attempting to operate cars
during a strike, unless the conditions are
such that they cannot guard against vio
lence.
• • ¦
Portuguese Ladies Organize.
SANTA- CRUZ, May 17.— Ascension
Council No. ; 30 of the Portuguese Ladles of
St. Isabel was organized here last night
by. Grand President Mrs. Oliver of Oak
land and Grand Secretary Miss Anna
Costa of Oakland. The order start3 with
thirty-three members and officers, as fol
lows: President, Mrs. Rosa Picanco; vice
president. Miss Mary Teshara; secretary,
Miss Mary M. Medina; treasurer, Mrs.
Mary Marguerlta Medina; mistress of cer
emonies, Miss Rosa Mello; marshal. Miss
Jessie Mello; guard, Miss Clara Correa;
trustees, Mrs. Rita V. Maciel, Mrs.
Emelia Lima, Mrs. Crestina Bettencourt.
Divorce for M. Ferris.
SAN JOSE, May 1«.— M. Ferris was to
day granted a divorce by Judge Rhodes
from Minnie Ferris, a former belle of Los
Angeles, on the ground of desertion.' Mrs.
Ferris was a Miss Baldwin, daughter of
wealthy parents. . They .were married in
Los Angeles in 1882 and a few years later
came. to San Jose to reside. After staying
here some time Mrs. Ferris went to visit
her parents and never returned. Ferris
then sought the ' legal separation in the
courts which was 1 granted to-day. Mrs.
Ferris did not contest. . SJW&3
Capital Now One Hundred Millions.
DENVER, >Colo., May 17.— The American
Smelting and Refining Company has filed
a certificate with ' the Secretary r of State
of Colorado which increases its capital
stock from $65,000,000 to 5100,000,000. The
fee for filing the papers was $10,500.
MINE-OWNER STRONG
WINNER OF THE CASE
Jury in Denver Decides That He
Need Not Pay One Hundred
Thousand Dollars.
DENVER, May 17.— The suit against
Sam Strong, a wealthy Cripple Creek
mine owner, for $100,000 damages, which
has been on trial in the District Court
in this city for over three weeks, ended
this afternoon in a verdict for the defend
ant. The plaintiffs were E. J. Giddings,
William Lennox and others, who held a
bond and lease on the Strong mine when
the shafthcuse and machinery were de
stroyed by an explosion In 1894.
At that time the explosion was believed
to have been caused by striking miners,
and two men were subsequently convicted
and served sentences In prison for the
crime. At the trial of the damage suit
testimony was given to the effect that
Strong hired men to blow up the shaft
frxuse for the purpose of deterring the
p'aintiffs £ cm completing the purchase
of the mine, which, it was alleged, he
had discovered to be worth much more
than the price at which he had agreed to
sell. This testimony apparently was not
credited by the jury.
A suit was also filed by the Strong Min
ing Company against Strong on the same
grounds and for the same amount of dam
ages, but it will probably not be pressed,
as the witnesses would be the same as at
the trial which has just closed. . .
HOUSE OF POLICEMAN
DESTROYED BY DYNAMITE
Bomb Placed Under the Dwelling and
i "''¦'-* ¦ ' Occupants Are Blown Out
of Bed.
AKRON, Ohio, May 17.— A two-story
frame dwelling at 220 Johnson street, in
East Akron, occupied by William J. Bru
ner, a policeman, was .wrecked by an ex
plosion of dynamite early to-day. Bruner,
his wife Elizabeth, his son George. 9 years
old, and Harold, a baby 18 months old,
were in the house at the time. They were
blown out of bed and buried under the de
bris, but were not. seriously Injured. The
wing of the house where Bruner, his wife
and baby slept was reduced to I kindling
wood.
The police believe that the dynamiting
was an attempt at revenge upon Police
man Bruner. South Akron has been in
vested by a gang of firebugs, and this of
ficer has been most active in apprehend
ing its members. ..... . • -../.
Parade of Livestock-
SAN BERNARDINO, May 17.-The
event of this afternoon at the street fair
was the parade of livestock, entered in
competition for prizes at the agricultural
fair, which marched iup Third street to F
street and countermarched back to the
Queen's throne, where the awards were
made. i _ _ ' ' '
Italians call locusts "little horses," and
the German term for. these pests is "hay
horses."
BAILWAY TELEGRAPHERS
ARE HOLDING ALOOF
President ;of the Order Says They Are
Mot Associated With a New
Movement.
ST. LOUIS, May 17.— President M. M.
Dolphin of 1 the Order of Railway Teleg
raphers, who has just returned to, the
headquarters of that organization from a
toisiness trip through the East, when
fhown a dispatch stating that the Order
of Railway Telegraphers is interested in
the establishment of an organization
similar to ; the old American Railway
fnlon on the Pacific coast, said:
•'The Order of Railway Telegraphers Is
neither officially nor otherwise connected
¦with such a movement. It it true that
two of our local officers in San Francisco
were connected with the movement and
they- were removed from office by me a
fr-w- days ago on that account. The plan
of organizing all railway employes into
one organization is not feasible and it is
my belief that it never will be. The old
class organizations which are now In ex
isicjice and have been for years have ac
complished great good for the railway em
ploves and there is no reason why they
cannot continue to do so. I will reiter
ate that we have not only not aided nor
slotted this new movement but that we
Ehall not recognize it In any way."
UEW JERSEY ATTORNEY
CHABGED WITH CHIME
Prominent Professional Man Is Ac
cused of Having Been in League
With Counterfeiters.
PHILADELPHIA. May 17.— John L.
Femple, a prominent attorney of Camden,
N. J., v.as^arrested to-day, charged with
complicity 'in the counterfeiting of $20
United States treasury notes. Semple was
"oiinsel for Baldwin, S. B. Bredell and
Arthur Taylor, who were the engravers
for the Jaqobs and Kendig gang of coun
terfeiters, which was broken up two years
*>ro by the secret service men by the ar
rest in Lancaster of Jacobs and Kendig
«!id the subsequent arrest in this city of
former District Attorney Ellery Pingham
fend his associate, Harvey K. Hewitt.
POLICE OFFICER VISITS
'THE EXILED MARQUIS
Trial of the Nobleman Who Entered |
Paris Secretly Is Soon to
Begin.
PARIS, May 37.— The Initiatory steps for
the trial of r he Marquis de Lur-Saluces,
¦svho recentlv returned to France after
having be«<n banished, were taken to-day
¦when a police officer visited the Marquis
«iid drew ;up a verbal process. M. Falli
cits. President of J.he Senate, is expected
to shortly, convene that body as a high
ccurt for the trial of the Marquis.
m
*7AB.SHIPS OF FBANCE j
THBEATEMTira MOKOCCO I
¦ ---i. - • i
Sultan Will Be Obliged to Pay In
demnity for a Frenchman's
':¦'., Murder.
TANGIER, May 17.— The French cruis
ers Du Chayla and Pothumu have arrived
fcpre to enforre the payment of indemni
ties for the murder of a Frenchman at
Kc-bdana. They will prdceed to Mazagan
and remain there until a settlement has
been reached.
TENNIS, GOLF, EASTERN AND WESTERN RACING, LEAGUE BASEBALL GAMES SPORTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUEDAT; MAT 18, 1901.
Men Charged With Looting an Ex
press" Train in Arkaiisas Are
"Arrested. '
MEMPHIS, Tenn:. May 17.— A' telegram
was received. here to-day f rom ; Shawnee,
I.T., stating that five men had been ar
rested there, charged- with the robbery'of
a Choctaw express train at Bridge Junc
tion,, Ark., a few weeks ago. The names
of the prisoners are not given in the tel
egram and details : are meager, but it - is
said that a fight ensued between Deputy
Sheriffs ' and the alleged robbers. One
man, it is stated, v/as shot.by a Deputy
Sheriff, but mounting' a horse made his
escape."
: Jacob' Riis says that- one . of the worst
features of ;the tenement-house life is the
sleeplessness caused by mixed-ale hilarity.
Drunken; revelry .in -one apartment; keeps
the, whole -house awake.
SHERIFFS HAVE BATTLE
WITH ALLEGED BOBBERS
-Captain. Frank A- Cook, commissary.
has been assigned to duty as assistant to
Major Baldwin, purchasing 1 commissary
at San Francisco. '-_> ¦
These pensions were Issued to-day: Orig
inal—Joseph I>auphln. Veterans' Home,
Napo, $6; Chancey H. Austin, San Diego.
$6. ., Increase— Theodore J. Loomls. Los
Angeles; '$8. ' Original widows— Roserfla T.
Sherman, San Diego, $8. ..
Oregon-Original widows— Virginia Bl»
ham, .i Portland, $8; Elizabeth Rask. Cor
vallis, {8.
I Coronado, from $1500 to $1700; Escondldo,
from $1400 to $1300; Fort' Bragrsr. from $1100
to $1200; Grass Valley from $2200 to $2100;
Jackson, from $1500 to $1600; Lodi. from
$1200 to $1300: Los Angeles, from $3600 to
$3700; Covina. from $1100 to $1300; Ferndale.
from $1300 to $1400; Fresno, from $2300 to
$2900; Healdsburg.- from $1700 to $1800;
Kern, from $1600 to $1500; Lonsr Beach,
from $1700 to $1900;. Los Gatos, from $1700
to $1800. • .
¦WASHINGTON", i May 17.— Soren K.
Thompson of Norons, Ore., has been com
missioned postmaster^ The following
California postmasters' salaries were re
adjusted to-day:
masters in California Cities.
Readjustment of the Salaries of Post-
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
'NEW YORK, May 17.— The biggest plant
of the International ; Manufacturing Com
pany, makers of terra cotta, at Perth
Amboy, N.* J., was' destroyed. <by fire to
night. - Loss, $175,000. ¦¦„;• . -¦¦'. • • :
Terra Cotta Plant Burned.
"WASHINGTON, May 17.— The celebrated
Itata case, Involving a claim of $320,000
against the Government of the United
States, is about to be determined by the
Chilean Claims Commission. The com
mission has cleared its entire docket of
cases, with the exception of this one,
which, by reason of Its importance, was
left until the last for special considera
tion. An adjournment has been taken to
permit the exchange of briefs and the
commission will reconvene on June 8 to
consider this case, the decision of which
will be rendered before the dissolution of
the body on June 14.
The sailing of the Itata from California
with a cargo of arms and ammunition for
Chile and her subsequent surrender to
the United States cruiser Charleston con
stituted one of the most stirring events
of the Chilean trouble In 1891. As set
forth in the official papers submitted to
the commission, ! the Itata was chartered
by the provisional government of- Chile
to • transport small arms -for the .land
forces under that provisional government,
which is held to have been the lawful gov
ernment of Chile at that time. The Itata
proceeded to San DlegOj Cal., and soon
after took on a cargo consisting of 250
cases of rifles and 200 cases of ammuni
tion. The Bhlpment was made at a point
near the island of San Clemente on May
8, 1801. • " • ¦ ¦ * ' ; ¦ ;¦¦¦' ¦ •>.";'¦'
Just before this the steamer was-board
ed by one Spauldlng, said to be an officer
of the United States, who had | come to
take possession of the vessel. He .was set
ashore by the officers of the Itata On the
ground that he was unable tcTexhlbit any
authority as an officer of this Govern
ment. The Itata then took her cargo of
arms to Iaulaue.. After she started Amer
ican ships were 1 sent in chase or- her and
a famous race down through the Pacific
occurred. . . ¦ ; ¦¦¦:••' ¦¦/'¦' , ,
At the same time Admiral McCann.com
mander-ln-chlef of the American forces In
Chile, notified * the Chilean Government
that the Itata, in procuring her cargo of
arms, within the waters of the United
States, was guilty of a violation of our
neutrality laws. The document adds:' "
"Upon these representations of Admiral
McCann and because. of the demands. of
the Government of the United States, ac
companied as they "were by the presence
of a large naval force, the Itata -was sur
rendered under duress to the representa
tive of the United States. The Itata was
then brought back by the Charleston, un
der command of Captain Remey, and was
given over to the United States . Marshal
at San IMegro. JShe was libeled as being
In the possession of the Congressional
party of Chile, then attempting a-revolu
tion against the republic, and of carry
ing arms to this rebellious faction. The
case failed, however, "and the Itata re
turned to Chile."
! The claim now put in covers the time
of the vessel, $55,000; coal, $65,000; repairs
to vessel, $25,000; maritime risks, $10,000;
cablegrams, etc.. $7000; miscellaneous,
losses, $50,000. The Interest since 1S91
amounts to about $120,000 more, making
the total claim about $320,000.
'Aside from the claim itself, the case
presents many interesting legal questions
as to the right of a neutral government
to prevent the shipment of arms Intended
for belligerents. . - .
11
M
i
THE DAY'S DEAD.
I Biliousness and Torpid Liver, I
ftS Caused by overloading the stomach, leaves your system in a condition that makes ¦9jX
M« you susceptible to contagious diseases. If your stomach and llrer are In good ! &&
C|R|E> - - ¦ ¦ . ' - ' ¦ - mM
HHi condition yon 1 will ¦ al wars enjoy, good health. No medicine - In the world has at- JvS
y£\ tained such a' world-wide reputation or been Indorsed by so many famous and well- %££
tf^£ known physicians for the positive cure of Stomach troubles. Biliousness and Liver £&£
complaints as .
| wny&ttim |
|$ Prescribed byr the Medical Profession for 30 Years. f$
.£^ - AVERAGE DOSE:., One-half tumblerful taken half hour before breakfast will sfe^
W cleanse your system, ' leave your stomach in a healthy condition and create an appe- J>A
&?} tit.. ;.T . . .£<£
I fiat/ at thc Label,:: ; TV Q 1/ for thc Foil Name, ,
M', *-'" V£|V-® Iflc a^ R cd r < ' ? /\>3>.lV "Hanyadi-Janos"CLOSING.
LONDON, May 17.— Atchison, 75%;- Canadian
Pacific. 106%; Union Pacific preferred, 93%:
Northern Pacific preferred, 102%; Grand
Trunk, 11%; Anaconda, 9%; . United States
Steel, 45; do preferred, 94%. Bar silver, firm,
27%d per ounce, j Money, quiet, 3@3% per
cent. •
Bank Clearings.
Family Retail Market.
" LIVERPOOL.' •
Wheat— : - • •.--.' July. - Sept.
Opening ...„.:... .V.. .....':...'... 6 10% - 6 9%
Closing ..;.. ....; '.'..." 6 11 510%
' PARIS..
Wheat— - . ' May. July- Aug.
Opening v ;.. 19 85 . 20 6D
Closing ; 19 90 20 65
' FlOUI" — * ' ' ' ' - ; . '
Opening ; 25 00 25 80
Closing .2505 25 SO .".
Livestock Market. ;
CHICAGO. May r 17.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1500.
Foreign' Futures.
1 On • the Produce Exchange to-day the . butter
market was . firm; creamery, 14@18%c; dairy,
ll@17%c. Cheese. 9%@10%c. Eggs . easy. ll%c.
- Articles— i . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .20.000. . \ 20.000
Wheat, bushels "• 43,000 '671,000
Corn bushels ...21S.0CO 348,000
Oats, bushels ..:. 205,000 113.000
Rye. bushels 3.000 51,000
Bar! ey. i bushel s ......... ..:. 6,000 . ...... .
Cash quotations ' were ' as follows: Flour,
quiet; No. 2 spring wheat. 72%®74c: No. 3
spring wheat. 69%®71c: No. 2 red. • 72@72%c ;
No. 2 corn, 50%@51c; No. 2 yellow, 50%@51c:
No. 2 oats, 23%«T30Hc: No. 2 white, 3OU@31c;
No. 3 white, 28%<g30c; No. : 2 rye, E2c; good
feeding barley,. 48@52c; fair to choice malting,
53@56c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 73; No. 1 Northwest
ern. $1 73; prime timothy seed, $3@3 53; mess
pork, per barrel. $14 70@14 75; _lard. per. 100
pounds. $7 97%@8; short-rib sides (loose). $7 90<S)
8 10; I dry 'salted shoulders- (boxed), $6 75®7;
short clear sides (boxed). $S 12%@8 25; whisky,
basis of high wines, '$1 28."
NEW YORK, May 17.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: .Aside from a. quite perceptible
Increase of the spirit of unrest in labor cir
cles there are few new changes to record in
the general trade or Industrial situation. -Busi
ness at present the country over Is of a season
able re-order character with wholesalers in dry
goods, clothing and similar lines, but the vol
ume of .business is fair for the season and
collections are rapid likewise. The basic facts
underlying the situation' continue largely: of a
favorable character. Notable in' this respect
is the. crop situation, particularly for the
cereals, which is in a high degree promising.
The hackward spring and lack of rains In some
sections has militated ' against the growth of
cotton, but Improvement is noted even In- this
respect. • . .• .
The industrials are active. Iron and . steel
are strong, but quiet . as regards new demand
for the. cruder forms, -but the nnJshed products
have been heavily ordered and the mills have
sufficient business to keep them busy from
one to three months, while a large additional
business is reported in sight. -The demand of
machinists is regarded as a possibly disturb
ing ¦ feature, . but it- Is claimed, that : one-fourth
of the men involved have already succeeded
in their 'demands and the feeling is that this
matter will be : adjusted -with less than earlier
expected friction. . • -¦
¦ The - hardware . trades . are reported ' exception
ally active and some varieties of goods, notably
barbed wire, are scarce. .
Foreign trade continues largely to favor this
country and the demand for wheat to replace
possible smaller yields in , European countries
has swelled the volume of export trade, which
might otherwise have fallen on* from" April a
year ago because of smaller shipments of/cot
ton and of manufactured goods. Despite the
talk of ' rate-cutting and of expectations • of • a
smaller movement of goods as the spring ad
vances railway earnings continue exceptionally
favorable, some > great systems ; reporting max
imum weekly, earnings. - - - ¦ . .. • •• '¦¦-.: -.
Net returns also : are - of good . volume - and
show that business le being. done at a. decided
profit. Probably the best reports .as to , new
demand come from *'¦ the ' leather and allied
trades, while : the poorest, t as heretofore, are
received from" the 'textile * industries." ; Prices
evidence considerable steadiness despite , slight-
Bradstreet's on Trade.
Local stocks and bonds -were dull on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange and
quotations showed no change worthy of note.
¦ The afternoon waa equally quiet and undis
turbed.
The oil stocks continued dull and feature
less. The San Francisco Oil Exchange will
remain closed to-day on account of the
launching of the Ohio. - - -
California Rock Oil Company has levied an
assessment of lc. delinquent June 20.
The California Cotton Mills paid a quarterly
dividend of $1 per share this month.
The Makaweli Sugar Company has declared
a dividend of 40c per share, payable on the
25th. - •¦r.-..-^.-. •
The r.«ct dividend of the Honokaa Sugar
Company will be 15c per share, instead of 30c.
The California Powder Works will pay a
dividend of $1 per share on the Soth.
The Homestake Mining Company will pay
the usual monthly and extra dividend of 23c
per share on the 25th. the same amounting
to $10S,0CO.
The Central Light and Po-wer Company will
pay a dividend of 5c per share on the 20th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. ; MAY 17—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. . :: Bld.Astf.
4s quar coup.,113%114 4s qr cp (new) 133 133
4s quar reg 113%114 3s quar coup.. 109 HO
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. '
Bay Co P 53..1C4'4 — Oceanio S 5s... — —
Cal-st 5s ......117*4118% Omnibus R 6s.l28 —
C C Water 5s, — 110% Pac G Imp 4a. — —
Ed L & P 6s.l28%133% Pk & C H %3..\(&~ —
Fer & Cl R 6sU5 — Pk & O R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R 6s.l20 —
H C & S 5%s.lO6*4 — Sac E G R 5a. — 100
Do 5s ........ 101%102t4 S F & SJV 53.120% -
Los Ang R 5S.112H113 Sierra Cal 6s. — 103
L A Light 6s. — 102 ¦ S P of A 63
Do gntd 6s. — 104 (1939> 112»ill2',l
Do gntd 53.100 102. (1910) — —
L A & Pac 5s. 102 — S-P of C 6
Do 1 c m 5s. 101 — . (1905). ser A 106% —
Market-st 6s..— 127% (1905). ser B. 10714 —
Do 1 c m 58.122% (1906) ........110 —
Nev Co R 7s.. — 113% (1912) — —
Nor R Cal 6a. — XU& 9 Pof Cal 1st
Do 5s ........ US%119}i cp gntd g 5slO5 —
Nor Pac C 63 100. S P Br Cal 6s 134 —
Do 5s — 108% S V- Water 63.113 —
Nor Cal R 5s. 113% — . Do 4s . 102^1 —
Oak Gas 5s..:. Ill — Do 4s 3d m..lQ2%103
Do Tran 6s.ll6%m% Stktn Gas 6S..10O —
Do Wat.o3..10-l 103 . '. . . . \
," ' .. WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 73% 80Vi 1 Spring Valley, mi «T
Mart n .County. -53% ~—. .1
Continued . on r Fif teenth Pago.
Articles— •/ ¦:¦¦ Open. High. Low. Close.
i Wheat No. 2—
May .72% 72% 72 72%
July 71% 72% 71% 71%
Corn No. 2 —
May .. .-........? 54 , 64% 50 ' 50%
July: ' 45^4' 45% 44% 44%
September.... .'.«%" «% ' 44% 44%
Oats No. 2— "vn;-v
May • 30 30% 29?i .29%
July................ • 28% '28% 28% 28%
September 26%. 26% 26 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel— ¦ ' \
May 1470 .1470 14 67% 14 67%
July 14 S5 14 85 14 77% 14 80
September: ....14 60 14 72% 14 60 14 72%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May... 7 97% 8 00 ' 7 97% 8 00.
July : .7 97% 8 00 . 7 97% 8 00
September 7 97% 8 02% 7 95. 8 00 i
Short Ribs, » per 100 pounds-
May ...': : 8 05
July.. 7 SS 7 87% 7 85 7 87%
September «... 7 80 7 82% 7 77% . 7 82%
STOCK MARKET.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. May 17.— The fever and ner
vcusner.s were practically all gone out of the
stock market to-day. There were positive
demonstrations of strength, which was some
what intermittent and tpotty in the early deal
ings, hut which grew and broadened with the
progreFs of the day and closed with a buoyant
outburst which recalled the days of the early
rericd of the late boom. The strength in the
market was principally based on general con
ditions, but there were besides an unusually
large number cf stocks influenced by individ
ual causes. The aggregation of these strength
ening influences was a potent factor in Its sym
pathetic effect en th» market. Broadly con
sidered the general f oeltng that prices . were
on a safer level by reason of the inflation let
out of them, while the business conditions of
the country and the earning power of prop
erties were unimpaired, encouraged the buying.
The evidence that forced liquidation growing
out et the . panic had been .completed was
thought t<> leave the way open for renewed
advance. The indicatl >ns for to-morrow'6 bank
statement were of such strong recuperative
power that some pressure to lend money eeemed
a probability not far In the future. It should
not escape notice, however, that the principal
buying of the day came through the same
channel? as that which marked the -leadership
of the recent bull speculation into its last
Ftagf s of excess. These operations were sup
posed in Wall street to be inspired in the in
terest of the great combinations of capital
v.hos=e measures of consolidation have produced
a crop of new securities which remain to be
EucoessfuIIy marketed to insure the reimburse
ment of the expenses of these consolidations.
The belief in the settlement of the Union Pa
cific controversy is felt to offer assurance of
a more effective solution of the whole railroad
controversy than has ever before been known.
The promises of the stocks of railroads in that
rtpion were due to this cause. There were very
definite reports afloat that the dividend on Mis
souri Pacific at the rate of 5 per cent was an
•rarly probability. The movement in the local
tractions was due to the inauguration of the
underground trolley on additional lines of the
Metropolitan Street Railway and estimates of
the benefits to result to the Manhattan systems
from the use of electricity. Sugar was affected
by reports of an agreement with the coffee in
ter*«ts and was heavily bought for Boston
epcruJative account. Expectation of a melon
cutting helped Consolidated Gas. A reported
settlement with the city authorities giving as
eurapce against interference, was the cause of
the strength of People's Gas. The better pros
pect cf a settlement vrith the machinists and
the progress of measures toward" renewed or
ganization cf the Unlu*i States Steel Corpora
tion companies Indicated by the election of new
directorates induced baying of the United
States Steel stocks. Reports of large deposits
of ttock in assent to the proposed exchange
¦with Amalgamated Copper explained the de
mand for that stock. Gains all the way from
2 to 10 points are ehown by an extended list
f:f stocks and their last prices were practically
at the top.
The bond market was broad and prices were
well sustained. Total sales, par value. $4,555,-
CrtO.
United States 3s declined % per cent on the
last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares •->t^-- - Closing
Sold. Stock— , Bid.
40.IC0 Atchison .: 77%
22.4C0 Atchison rrefd -Ji 97%
s.yiO Baltimore & Ohio 100>4
2.4011 Canadian Pacific .....104%
- 7G0 Canada Southern 66%
11.600 Chesapeake & Ohio.... 48%
4,WiO Chicago Term & Trans......... 23
4.100 Chicago Term &. Trans prefd.":.: — -44 i,
NEW YORK, May 17.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say: ,
All through this week the stock market has
been experiencing various stages which usually
follow a condition of panic, which existed ten
days ago. The volume of transactions has
fallen off sharply and only, became compara
tively active when heavy liquidation w.as in
progress, as was the case on Tuesday.' The
public has become sold out and has little ap
petite for speculation and Wall street has been
adjusting losses and the- other complications
which resulted from the severe and swift de
cline. There is. buying of good stocks by in
vestors on what have seemed to be favorable
terms, but these are outright purchases, and
even the news which met the street on Wednes
day—that a substantial settlement of differ
ences had been made • between . the parties to
the Northern Pacific contest— failed to stimu
late public speculation;
Professional manipulation, it . is true, "was
active In support of the prices after this be
came known, but the outside buying was small
and on Thursday the total transaction at the
Stock Exchange fell to below. 1,000,000 shares,
the first time that has occurred for a full day's
business in quite a while. . The street Is again
bullish in sentiment.
t CHICAGO, May 17.— Considering the copious
rainfall in the Southwest and the general
tenor of the crop news, wheat opened sur
prisingly firm. July Vi@Vic to %@%c higher at
71%@71%c. Tlie market seemed to have broken
away from its contemplation of the weather
map and was in position to attach more im
¦ portance to an advance at Liverpool. -.Trade
was on a moderate scale, the demand coming
mostly from shorts, and during the remainder
of. the day prices were well above' yesterday's
level. 1 Following the opening the firmness was
augumented by moderate primary receipts,
heavy seaboard clearances, big local shipments
and the expectation that the visible figures
Monday would show an imposing decrease.
July gradually; worked up to -72%c and al
though selling was freer at this price. It closed
firm, ,%c higher at 71%@71%c. May wheat. was
In demand for the Eastern account and also
scored an advance. The bull interest in corn
was moderately active in the wheat pit, ap
parently buying for investment. Continental
crops were reported Improved. . t
In the corn pit Phillips and his party were
the ruling factor. I A continuation by Phillips
of liquidation of May gave rise to reports
that he, was nearly. If not entirely free, of.
the enormous load of ' corn which he had
bought to put himself in control of that de
livery. His sales to-day approximated 1,000,000
bushels, and the price dropped from 54%c to
50c, and at the close was 4c under yesterday at
50%c. Meanwhile he was buying July corn
on a heavy scale. July closed a shade lower
at 44%c- '
Oats were dull and easier in sympathy with
corn.' July closed %c lower at 28%c.
Provisions were quiet, but in the main pre
served a firm tone In sympathy with light re
ceipts of hogs. July pork, lard and ribs each
closed 2%c higher. ¦
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver is higher and sterling exchange lower.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $1 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight.. — 4 88
Sterling Cables .................... ¦— ¦ - 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — '¦ 10
New York Exchange,' telegraphic — 12%
Silver, per ounce ;. — ¦ • 69%
Mexican Dollars, nominal......... 49% @ 50
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool spot' was. steady and fu
tures firm. The Argentine • situation was the
principal factor." Shipments from there were,
light, _being 776,000 bushels, against 2,298,000 for
the same week last year. .-.The Argentine re
ports were very satisfactory, especially In re
gard to corn, the quality being the highest for
several years. ¦ The estimates for this cereal
are being Increased, the xportable surplus now
being placed at 1,700,000 tons.
Chicago advanced lc, with a good cash- de
mand. There were good rains in the South
west. The commission houses sold on the
swell around 72c.
The San Francisco market was firm, with a
slight recovery on call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 9S%c; milling. $1®
1 03% per ctl. • . -. \ • ' .
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
34.000 ctls. $1 0314. May— 2000. 97%c; 2000, 97%c.«
Second Session— December — 1000 ctls, $1 02%;
14, WO, $103.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 02%.
BARLEY — Dealers continue to quote a dull
and nominal market. Trading on call has fallen
to nothing. i
Feed, 75@77%c for No. 1 and 70@72%c for|
off grades ; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@
85c; Chevalier, nominal. . ¦
• . CALL BOARD SALES. ~ "
Informal Session— 9:15 0'c.lock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Tbere is nothing going on, but hold
ers continue to report a firm market. White,
$1 37%@1 55: Surprise, nominal; Red, $1 35@1 43;
Black, $117%@130 per ctl. ¦-•¦
CORN— Dull, and nominal. Small round Yel
low. $1 50; Eastern Yellow, $1 27%@1 30; White,
$1 35: mixed. $1 25@1 27%.
RYE— S0@S2%c per ctl. -
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65 per ctl. ex
warehouse.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family ¦ Extras, $3 25@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 7b per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. ... .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, .usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal... $2 60:. Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3;
extra cream do. $3'75;-Oat Groats. $4 75: Hom
iny, $3 75»4; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 £0; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $.6 35
@7 85; In sacks. $6@7 50: Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Fecdstu ffs.
¦ A car of new volunteer wheat and oat Hay
sold at $8. . and a car of • new oat, . damaged
by the rain, at $5 50. The Hay market remains
as previously quoted. . Feedstuffs are as be
fore.
BRAN— $16 5C<317 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 50 'per ton - - '
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled . Barley, $17@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal,
$27 50@2S; Cracked Corn, $28 50@29; Mixed Feed.
$15@16. ¦ .' - ' ¦• : ;
HAY— Volunteer, $5<S;S: Wheat, $11@13; Wheat
and Oat,- $8012; Oat, $3@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $S@9 50; Barley, $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
j There Is no further change In Beans worthy
of note.- Pinks continue weak and freely'of
fered, while Bayos are in -fair demand and
Ltmas and Whites are firm.
. BEANS— Bayos, $2 45ST2 60; Small White.' $4 90
©5: Large White, $4@1 20; Pink, $1 40@l 73;
Red, $3(§3 23; Blackeye, $3 10@3 25; Llmas, ?6 25
@8 85; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard,' nominal;. Yellow'
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 SOg^; Canary. 3%@
3%c for Eastern;- Alfalfa, - nominal; Rape. 2@
2y-c: Hemp. 3%c; Timothy, 6 % Ac
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. • J2@2 60; Green. $2 70@
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes; Onions and Vegetables.
New Potatoes . and ' Onions * were both firm,
and sales on the wharf -were at a small, ad
vance. . Old t Onions were and-- easy -and
old Potatoes firm. '.* ¦¦ „
¦ Prices for Vegetables showed no particular
change, but the feeling was. weak,- supplies
being heavy. Tomatoes were particularly plen
tiful. ¦; ¦ -¦'.' ¦•:-^. .. " .. -. . - • . • ..-+ ¦
Marysville Cucumbers appeared, selling, at {2
per. box. They were .very ; small. ' - >
. Receipts were 1077 boxes Asparagus, 338 boxes
Rhubarb,- 532 sacks Bay Peas • and 217 • sacks
String Beans. ' . -- .
¦ • POTATOES— Early -Rose.'- S5c@Sl; Burbanka.
75c@$l 10 for River and $125<S15O for Oregon;
Garnet - Chiles, < $1 25@1 50; -Sweets,- 60@75c for
Merced ; I New - Potatoes, , l%@2c per , lb . in sacks
end $1 E0®2 10 In boxes. ¦
. ONIONS— Cut - Onions,' ' 50c@$l 25 per <- sack :
Australians., jobbing, at J4®'4 50: Green ©nions,
25ff3oc per box: New Red.* 75c@$l 10 per sack
VEGETABLES-Rhubarb. - 25iff90c- per '« box;
Asparagus.' $1 25 for large. 75c@$l 'per-box-for
No. 1 and 23@5Oc for No. 2; Green Peas, 60c@$l
LOOAL MARKETS.
- Prices for Butter. Cheese and Eggs remain
about as last week.
There is no change in meats, and but little
In Fish. The Poultry market continues heav
ily supplied, and prices are reasonable again.
The market la now well supplied with Cher
ries, and prices are cheaper. A few Peaches
.have- appeared. Arrivals of Currants, Black
berries and Raspberries are still meager, and
those of Strawberries are smaller than usual
at this time of the year.
The vegetable market is liberally supplied
-with all seasonable sorts. Several scattering
lots of Green Corn hava been received.
Coal, per ton—
Cannel J @12 OOlSouthfleld
Wellington. @11 001 Wellington $—©11 00
Seattle 9 00@ 'Coos Bay.... Q 7 50
Dairy Produce, eto. — - . .
Butter, choice, eq.S5@45 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good 83®30 dozen 17@20
Cheese, Cal 12@15 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. 17^20 pound -...15«W>
Cheese, Swiss..... 20@35 Da. extracted... 8@10
Common Eggs. ...15©—
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50@65 Turkeys, per Ib...l7<82»
Young Roosters, Ducks, each 50@73
each 75®85 Geese, each..,Jl BO^l 75
Old Roosters. ea».50«!«) Pigeons, pair 50<gtSO
Fryers, each ....60®65 Rabbits, pair 40@—
Broilers, each.... 35@50 Hare, each — @if
Meats, per lb—
Bacon "..15<918 Round Steak 10@—
Beef, choice ...... 12@I5 Sirloin SteaJc..;.13%'<3
Do,- rood 10©— Tenderloin, do....l5@—
Corned Beef 10@ — Porterhouse, do.17%^20
Ham — @13 Smoked Beef 20®—
Lard .".....— <§13 Pork, salt 10@12%
Mutton — 012 Pork Chops ..lSiQlS
Lamb ..12@15 Pork Sausagea..l2V>'315
Pork, fresh. 15@— Veal Sgi_
Fruits and Nuts— ...
Apricots, per lb..l0®— Orangres, doz ...AS($ZS
Almonds ... .. .15^20 Limes, per doas..l2(&13
Apples 8®12 Lemons, doa 19023
Bananas, doz...l2%'e2G Raspberries, bsk 15®—
•Blackberries, bsk.15® — Raisins, per lb.._ 5<ai5
Cherries, per lb.. 5@15 Strawberries, per
Currants, per lb 8@— drawer 25333
Gooseberries. 1b..- 8@10 Walnuta. per lb...l5©20
Vegetables —
Asparagus, per lb. 5® 8 Okra. dried, lb...— <S35
Artichokes. doz...23@40 Peppers, per lb...20@25
Beets, doz 10®— Potatoes, per lb 2%'<*-~
Beans,, .white, lb. f 9— New, do 232%
Colored, per lb. 5@— Rhubarb, per lb.. &Oh-
DriediLima, lb.. 6® 8 Sweet ' Potatoes, lb 3»3—
Cabbage, each.... 5@— Parsnips, per dz.lO-a—
Cauliflowers, each 5®— Radishes.dz bchs 13<S"»
Celery, head 5^— Sage, doz bnchs..25(ff^i>
Cress, doz bnchs.l3®20 String Beans lb. (Q J
Cucumbers.' dz.75®$l 25j Summer Squash
Egg Plant, lb 2(V325| per lb .'..12-S15
Green Peas. lb 3© 5.Sprouts, per lb — <B—
Lettuce, per doz.. 15^20 1 Spinach, per lb 5O—
Onions, per lb.... 3® 4 i Thyme, doz bchs.2o!fr30
New Onions —@ 3 Turnips, per doz.. 100—
Green, dz bnchs..l5@20 Tomatoes, per lb.lO®13
Leeks, da bnchs..lo<S20 ¦. * "
Fish—' ' - '- -¦-. ¦':•
Barracuda 12%®— J Striped Bass... 1CS—
Carp ,.„ -8ff3>- Sea Bass "-$_
Catfish 8®— 'Smelts is^~
Codfish M24J15 1 Soles 10©—
Flounders ¦ 8^10 Skates, each .... 8(SlO
Halibut* lOmslSquid 12%«—
Herring _— «— Tomcod gf?
Mackerel —^— Turbot "— fL_
Do, horse 10@12% Trout 33;f?—
Perch 1OS20 Whiteflsh 10s—
J»omplno 50«fc— Clams, gallon ....50<®—
Koccash 15<3>— Do. hardshell, lb 8SW
Salmon, fresh ..12%@15 Crabs, each .......13<320
Do, smoked ....15040 Mussels, quart.... 5.<?I:l
Shrimps — <S— Oysters. Cal. 100.. 40®"*)
Snad ••• 6@ 8 Do. Eastern. dz.25S4a
NEW YORK, May 17.— FLOUR— Receipts.
9766 barrels; exports, 5S4S barrels; steadier, ; but
quiet.,
WHEAT— Receipts. 133,000 bushels; exports,
28,990 bushels; spot, steady. No." 2 red, S2Vjc
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 79%c elevator; No. 2
Northern Duluth, 83%c f. 0. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth. 89%c f . o. b. afloat.
Options were firm and higher most of the day
on more bullish cables than expected, general
local covering, talk of high winds in the
Northwest and foreign buying. After a final
reaction with corn they closed steady at a
partial %c net advance. May, SO%@Sl%c, closed
S0%c; July^Sl-ie^SSic, closed iS'/sc; Septem
ber, 75%@75 15-16C, closed 75%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Quiet.
WOOL— Quiet. .
. COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice, 6%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 8%@12%c. Futures closed
steady, with prices 5 to 10 points higher. Total
sales were 9500 bags, including: June, 5.35c;
July, 6.50c; August, 5.60c; September, 5.60@
5.65c; October, 6.65c; December, 5.85c; March,
6.03c.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet, but firm. Fair refin
ing. 3%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 9-32c; molasses
sugar, 3%c; refined, quiet.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled slow,
but .was steady at .unchanged prices, j Supply
was ¦ light. • State common; - 3@4^ic ; prime,- 4%@
4%c ;" choice, C@ i 3%c; fancy, 6@6%c. ¦: •
- California dried- fruits ruled inactive,- but
steady. , • . . -
. PRUNES— 3}4@7c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark, 8%®'
13c. •
PEACHES— Peeled, "12%@20c; unpeeled, 5%@
10c. •¦ % • ¦.. •--
To-day a Partial Holiday.
What with the launching of the Ohio, the
clcsicg of the . Custom-house, ; the : teamsters'.
picnic, the announcement by the railroads
that they will not deliver any freight except
' perishable goods,' the closing of ..the Butter
4 and Egg- " houses and many other ' stores early
In the forenoon, to-day will be almost a holl
oay in this city. 1
/ Fruits and Salmon in London.
-he London Grocers' Gazette of April 4
keys: "The salmon market is in a somewhat
unsatisfactory position, as while the consump
tive demand is improving, prices are some
what irregular, owing to weak holders being
anxious to realize as least a portion of their
supplies at prices favoring buyers. Finest
qualities are in comparatively small compass
' and are difficult to buy. The Sprfngbum has
orriied here with 52.3S3 cases frcm San Fran
cisco and the Glenhurst has brought to Liver
pool i'^So cases from British Columbia. . The
uncertainty regarding the new duties is in
terfering with business in California fruits,
{ holders generally being unwilling to make
contracts at present prices, but any supplies
offering at about late rates readily find buy
ers. The rate of duty on apricots Is as yet
uncertain' and it is stated that an attempt
will be made to impose a duty of 7s per cwt.,
j as on evaporated apricots. This would be
equivalent to 3s 6d per case, or roughly. 2d
l»er tin, and it is being strenuously resisted,
as it would bring the article out of reach "of
the working-class buyers. The Springburn
has iitTived with £2,688 cases."
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Mav 17, 5 p. m.
The followliur are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka 4S.59
Red BluSt 0.C4 24.25 22.94
Sacramento O.CO 19.52 L 20.24
ha.n Francisco. Trace 20.51 18.42
3-"resno 0.00 11.06 10.27
Indei-endence .: 0.00 5.61 • 3.65
San Luis Obispo 0.00 30.85 17.20
Los Angeles 0.00 15.58 7.91
tan Diego | Trace 11.25 j 5.69
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
E9; minimum, 4S; mean. £4.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The cressure has risen steadily over the
northwestern portion of the country and has
fallen rapidly over Utah and Nevada. A deep
depression overlies the valley of the Colo
raac. extendinff northward to Utah and into
Wyoming.
The temperature has fallen from 10 to 18
degrees over Southern Oregon and Western
Idaho. Throuchout Utah and Arizona high
temperatures prevail. A maximum tempera
ture of 100 degrees is reported at Yum*. SS at
Phoenix and SS at Salt Lake City. Through
out California the temperatures are about nor
mal.
Rain has fallen In Northern California, Ore- I
ccn and Washington. ;
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight May IS, 1&01:
Northern California— Fair Saturday, except
thowers in extreme northern portion; fresh
northerly winds in the interior, westerly winds
en the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Saturday, probably showers in the
mountains; light southerly changing to fresh
northerly winds.
Nfvsda— Clouay, unsettled weather Saturday,
with brisk to high westerly winds. %
Utah — Cloudy, unsettled weather Saturday,
popfibiy thunderstorms in the mountains: much
cooler Saturday night: fresh southeasterly
cha-pir.c to brisk northwest wind.
Arizona— Fair Saturday; fresh Bsutherly
changing to westerly winds; much cooler Sat
urday niiht.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
lipht northerly changing to fresh westerly
wind. ALEXANDER G. McADlE.
Forecast Official.
' 200 Baltimore & Ohio prefd....~ 92
7,100 Chicago & Alton .*..;.. 39%
1.700 Chicago & Altonprefd.. SO
ii L200 Chicago Great Western 20ha
Chicago Great Western prefd. A 78
•Chicago Great Western prefd, B 44
12.9C0 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 197%
! 4,100 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 32
1 300 Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd.... 69
'200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 124
300 Chicago & Northwestern. 199%
3,400 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 151»4
¦400 CCC&St Louis 79"A
4,200 Colorado Southern H%
C00 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 47%
VCO Colorado Southern 2d prefd 21%
3,700 Delaware & Hudson 162%
400 Delaware. Lack & Western. 212
L 700 , Denver & Rio. Grande... 47
1.500 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 93
62.100 Erie 37%
3.200 Erie 1st prefd 67%
3,000 Erie 2d prefd 53
EoO Great Northern prefd 178
Hocking Valley 51
200 Hocking Valley prefd 75
6.100 Illinois Central 137%'
1,400 Iowa Central 31%
1,200 Iowa Central prefd 60
Lake Erie &• Western 54
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd... 119
13.100 Louisville & Nashville... 102%
31,300 Manhattan Elevated ...116
26,300 Metropolitan Street Railway 168^4
4.400 Mexican Central 25
4.200 Minneapolis & St Louis 92%
49,3(0 Missouri Pacific 105%
2,100 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 26%
3.400 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd 56%
6,900 Mexican National 11
New Jersey Central 157
7,000 New York Central 152vs
2,300 Norfolk &. Western 50Ti
700 Norfolk & Western prefd $1Y>
ICO Northern Pacific 145
Northern Pacific prefd 98
13.2C0 Ontario & "Western -. 32H
PCC&St Louis 72
13.800 Pennsylvania 146%
5.S00 Reading SS%
8.700 Reading 1st prefd 79%
10,700 Reading 2d prefd 51V
800 St Louis & tsan Francisco *0
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 80
500 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 66\4
600 St Louis, Southwestern 32Vi
2,200 St Louis, Southwestern prefd.'. 61%
30,100 St Paul 161%
300 St Paul prefd 1S6
22,100 Southern Pacific 48%
16,200 Southern Railway 29%
2,700 Southern Railway prefd S2\i
6.900 Toledo St Louis & Western 20
7.000 Toledo St lT>uis & Western prefd.. 35%
17.100 Texas & Pacific 45"i
55,200 Union Pacific 107%
3,400 Union Pacific prefd 91%
16.600 Wabash 20%
9,700 Wabash prefd 36%
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 17
100 Wheeling: & Lake Erie 2d prefd 29
2,000 Wisconsin Central 20U
200 Wisconsin Central prefd 43%
Express Companies— <¦
....... Adams 175 ¦
American 190
United States -s 79 '
Wells-Fargo 140
Miscellaneous—
23,100 Amalgamated Copper 115V4
3C0 American Car & Foundry 24 l A
800 American Car & Foundry prefd 79%
4,4^9 Linseed Oil 20%
8.500 Linseed Oil prefd 51
3,200 American Smelt & Refining :... 56%
400. American Smelt & Refining prefd... 96
32.S00 American Tobacco .- 127
4.900 Anaconda Mining- Co 477^
36,500 Brooklyn Rapid Transit.. 76%
6.CC0 Consolidated Gas ....22^>«
3.400 Colorado Fuel & Iron 92%
4.100 Continental Tobacco 55%
3,100 Continental Tobacco prefd 107%
2.5CO General Electric 221
1,200 Glucose Sugar 5Syi
1,200 Hocking Coal 19
5,600 International Power 96
2,300 International Paper 22%
5U0 International Paper prefd 76U-
Laclede Gas ?2
1,200 . National Biscuit ..: 42
7,100 National Lead ../ 18%
100 National Salt 43"
200 National Salt prefd ....'. 76
300 North American 83
200 Pacific Coast 66
1,200 Pacific Mall 34U
3.S00 People's Gas 114
1.1C0 Pressed Steel Car 44%
1,700 Pressed Steel Car prefd 86^
Pullman Palace Car 200
6,000 Republic Steel 1914
1,900 Republic Steel prefd 74%
58,900 Sugar 147
2,300 Tennessee Coal & Iron 57%
Union Bag 12%
100 Union Bag prefd ...'. 68H
¦1.700 United States Leather I2 7 ii
1,200 United States Leather prefd 76H
400 United States Rubber 20%
200 United States Rubber prefd 63%
4S.2C0 United States Steel 44%
2S.300 United States Steel prefd 93%
4,400 Western Union 82%
9S3.300 Shares eolfl.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg...lO6»,4 N Y Cent lsts...lO7%
Do coup 10SV* N J Cent gen as. .132^4
Do 3s reg 103 N Pac 3s 71%
Do 33 coup ....103 Do 4s 105%
Do new 4s reg. .138 N Y C & S L 4s. .107%
Do new 4s coup. 153 N'or & W con 4s.. 103%
Do old 4s reg.. ..113V4 Or Nav lsts 103
Do old 4s coup. .113% Do 4s 104
Do 5s reg 10S% D S .Line 6s 12S
Do 6s coup 108% Do con 5s 118
Dist of C 3.65s 125Vi Reading Gen 4s .. 95
Atch B<?n 4s 102% R G W lsts l}0%
Do adjt 43 94 6 L & I M con 5s.H4%
Canada So 2ds....lOS% 5 L & S F Gen 6s^l33
C & O 4%s 106 Bt Paul con .190
Do Bs 119% B P C & P lsts 118
C & N con 7s 141% Do 5s 119Vi
Do S F deb 5s. ..120% 5o Pac 4s ..92%
Chicago Term 4s. 93% 5o Ry 5s 116%
Colo So 4s ........ 87 Standard R & T 6s 58
D & R G 4s. 101% Tex & Pac lsts ..119
Erie Gen 4s 87 Do 2ds 100
Ft -W & D C lsts.109 U P 4s 105%
Gen Elec 5s 185% Wabash lsts 117
Iowa Cent lsts 117 Do 2ds 100
L & N Uni 4s. ...102% West Shore 4s ..113%
•M K & T 2ds 81% Wis Cent 4s 88%
Do 4s 98% V'a Centuries 95
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 23 Little Chief ...... *12
Alice 41 Ontario : 8 00
Breece 1 60 Ophlr go
Brunswick Con .. 19 Phoenix n
Comstock Tunnel. 03 Potosl 05
Con Cal & Va.... 2 25 Savage 07
Deadwood Terra .. 60 Sierra Nevada 12
Horn Silver 1 15 Small Hopes ..:.. 43
Iron Silver ~ 60 Standard 3 60
Leadvllle Con .... - 05 - •
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Bonds-
Call loans .4@5 Atchlson 4s" 101%
Time loans 4@o N EG & Coke 5s. 64
Stocks— Mining Shares—
A T & St Fe:. 77% Adventure .15%
Do prefd 97% Blngham Min Co.. 23
Amer Suyar 149 ",AmaI Copper 115%
Do prefd 121% Atlantic 30
Amer Tel 172 Boston & Mont.V.425
Boston & Albany.255 . Butte-& Boston ..108
Boston El 180- Calumet & Hecla-835
Boston & Maine. ..194 . Centennial 28%
Chi Bur ; & Q 198 Fcanklln 17%
Dominion Coal ... 35 Humboldt 30
Do prefd 114% Osceola S6
US Steel ..... 44% Parrott .: 52%'
Do • prefd ........ 93Ti Quincy 165
Fltchburg prefd ..144 Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
Mexican Central... 24 . Tamarack ...325
N E Gas & Coke.105% Utah Mining 28
Rubber 20% Wlnona >3
Union Land 2% Wolverines 66%.
West End- 94
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. -May 17.— Money, on call, firm,
at 3%@5% per cent; last loan, 6 per cent;
ruling rate, *M per cent. Prime mercantile
paper! 4@4% per cent. Sterling exchange, firm
with actual business In bankers' bills at $4 88
for demand and at $4 84%@4 85 for 60 days
Posted rates. $4 85Hig>4 89. Commercial bills"
$4 83%®4 84U- Silver certificates, 60. Bar.sil
ver. 69%. Mexican dollars,* 48'/4c Government
bonds, weak; State 'bonds, .weak; railroad
bonds, firm. . .. - ¦ - , , . , .
WASHINGTON. May 17.— To-day's statement
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. May 17.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear-
Ings at principal cities for the week ended May
16, with the percentage of increase - and de
crease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
. Percentages.
Cities— Amount.- . Inc. Dec.
New York....»....'...$2,809,119,6S0 ¦ 153.5
Boston 164,798,840 ¦ 40.7
Chicago 170,357,257 20.7 • ....
Philadelphia ....... 126.0S0.739 34.0
St. Louis 50.928,869 50.5
Pltt^burg 47,174,937 -42.0
Baltimore 27.057,740 14.4 ....
San Francisco ..... 24,140.480 9.2 ....
Cincinnati ........:. . 20,713,850 . ' 88.4
Kansas City ...... 20,615,558 • - 31.4 ....
New Orleans 1U93.46O 21.7
Minneapolis ......... 10,302,396 ~ • 3.0 ....
Detroit ' 10,458,888 ' 36.0 ....
Cleveland 15,800,505 38.2 ....
Louisville 9,946,632 16.2 ....
Providence 6,738,100 8.0 .
Milwaukee 6,361,974.' 15.5 ....
St. Paul 4,890,832 .... 3.6
Buffalo 6.526,202 13.2
Omaha 6.452.386 4.4
Indianapolis ' 8,110,843 10.0 ¦ ....
Columbus, 0 6,59S,633 16.4
Savannah 2,262,707 ..... 21.3
Denver 4,233,376 9.4 ....
Hartford 2.970.99S 31.1
Richmond ' 4.446,743 44.0 ....
Memphis 2.846.1S8 20.3
Washington.. 1 :..;.." 2,395,330 21.9
Peorla 2.275.08S 16.6
Rochester 2,070,685 26.9
New Haven " 1,783.157 33.8 '
Worcester '. 1,662.207 ' 33.0 ....
Atlanta ' 2,061,040 27.5
Salt Lake City 3,750,033 .49.0 ....
Springfield. Mass... 1.601.107 30.9
Fort Worth 2.917.6SS 22.S
I^srtland, Me 1,399.617 25.5 -
Portland, Or..; 2,213.812 15.3
St. Joseph 5,101,580 9.0
Los Angeles 3,185,619 38. 4
Norfolk 1,428,904 .... 3.3
Syracuse 1.245,557 ....
Des Moines 1.602,229 "16.8
Nashville... 1,440,866 20.0 ....
"Wilmington, Del.... 1.11S.15S 10.2
Fall River 984,954 17.0
Scranton 1,301.837 21.9
Grand Rapids s 1.498.19S 11.3
Augusta, Ga.:...:.. 849,622 1.9
Lowell 692.354 22.2
Dayton, 0 1,285,075 28.4
fieattle 2,323.441 6.1 • ....
Tacoma 1.075.SGO" 17.8 ....
Spokane 1.196.326
Sioux City 1.449,798 25.3
New Bedford ..:... 594,788 65.9 ... r
Knoxville, Tenn.... 680,109 23.6 . ...'.
Topeka 910,450 18.6
Birmingham ....... 756,928 2.8
Wichita 5R9.855 5.1' ....-
Blnghamton ....... 329.400 15.6
Lexington, Ky..T... . 465,469
Jacksonville, Fla... 287,544 21.6
Kalamazoo ' 428,219 .... • 20.0
Akron, O 709,900 70.8
Chattanooga • 476.4S3 21.0
Rockford, 111... - 332.793 .... « 18.6
Canton. 0 363,700 ' ,22.0 .'...
Bprlngfleld, 0 380,096 7.0
Fargo, N. D.: 364,615 31.8 ....
Sioux Falls. S. D... 205.090 ( • 2S.9 ....
Fremont, Nebr 102,684 V 15.2
Davenport . 756.692 14.3 ....
Toledo , 2,622,517 29.7 .:..
Galveston . ........'. 6,S36,000 30.3 ....
Houston 9,199,868 63.4
Colorado Springs... ' 635.475
Helena 530,187 21.1
Little Rock 663,863 ' 40.0
Springfield, 111 432.919 1.8
Wheeling, W. Va... 785,922
Evansville, Ind 825,895 .... 18.4
Maccn, Ga 432,000 ¦
Youngstown, O.:... 487,198 62.6
Jacksonville, Fla...' 187, 7S1 5.0 .
Totals. U. S ?3,443,0SS,638 104.5
Totals outside N. Y 833,968,958. 27.7 . ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $20,389,339 34.0 ....
Toronto 13,543,660 30.3 ¦/...
Winnipeg 1,851,496 .... 23.1
Halifax 1,413.481 6.0
Hamilton 1,028,865 27.8 ....
St. John, N. B 753,136 26.9
Victoria : 642,806 .... 8.5
Vancouver 945,961 10.3 ....
Quebec 1,586,638 .... ....
Totals $40,568,474 25.5
CORN— Spot,- steady;, American- mixed, new,
4s ll%d;.do old, , nominal. - Futures — Steady;
July, 4s; September, 3s ll%d. ¦ -
WHEAT- Spot, steady: No. -2 red Western
winter, 5s ll%d ; No. < 1 Northern "spring, 6s Id ;
No. 1 California, . 6s l«4d. . Futures, firm; July.
5s lid; September, 5s 10%d. > \ f
LIVERPOOL, May 17.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 Standard California. 6s l%d@6s 2d; wheat in
Paris firm; flour in Paris, firm. ,
COTTON— Uplands. 4 ll-32d. '
. - CLOSING.- ' I . ¦
LONDON. May 17.— Consols, " 94%; silver.
27%d; French rentes. lOlf 67c; wheat cargoes
on' passage, rather easier; No. 1 Standard Cal
ifornia, 30s 3d; English country markets,
steady.- ¦ -
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 17.— WHEAT- Quiet and
steady; blue stem, 61c; club, 59c.
PORTLAND, May 17.— WHEAT — Walla,
59c; blue stem, 61® 62c.
Cleared— Bark Magdalene for Hamburg with
161,156 bushels of. wheat.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or., May 17.— Clearings, $342,
922; balances, $88,053. 1 ' -
Portland's Business.
LONDON, May 17.— The offerings at the wool
auction 6ale to-day numbered 11,128 bales.
The attendance was large. S Scoureds were in
strong demand for the ¦ continent. Merinos
were in- less request, but steady. Cross-breds
eold freely, some being taken by America. A
fair supply of slipes were offered. Fine grades
were readily taken, but • inferior grades sold
slowly, and some were withdrawn.
London Wool Sales.
NEW YORK, May 17.— Cotton closed quiet,
prices 7 points net lower.
New York Cotton Market.
Little Interest was manifested in copper, the
local market ruling dull but steady at nom
inally unchanged prices. Lake, $17; casting,
$16 62%. .. .- ,' .',
Lead was without change here, closing dull
at $4 37%. Spelter. unchanged at $3 95@4. Pig
iron markets unchanged, , .
NEW YORK. May 17.— Once more the local
market for tin was active and sentiment was
of a bullish nature! The London contingent
responded favorably to our strength of yester
day, cables indicating a rise of. £1 12s 6d on
spot and £2 12s' 6d on futures, making an
advance of about £5 within the past two
weeks. Prices here Jumped about 40^points on
urgent demand- from speculative circles, but
owing to the large supply on hand our mar
ket did not fully comply with the advance
abroad and remains 10@20 points below the
London parity, j that is at $26 90@27 for epot
tin. ¦ r . ¦ - .-¦-.-. . . • •
¦New York Metal Market.
- SHEEP— Receipts, 7CO0. Strong- and 15@25c
higher. . Lambs. ¦'¦ strong. Good to choice
wethers, $4 45(g4 65; fair to choice mixed, $4 15®
4 40; Western sheep, $4 35@4 65; yearlings, $4 50
@4 75; native lambs, $4 50@5 65; Western lambs,
$4 6o@5 65. . - - ,
-. HOGS-^-Recelpts,*- 19,000; to-morrow, -13,000;
2%@5c higher. ! Sales ranged up to $5 95@5 97%
Mixed and butchers, $5 65@5 95; good to choice
heavy, $5 83@5 97^; • rough heavy,- $5 65@5 85;
light, $5 65@5 85;, bulk of sales, $5 80@5 87%.
Generally; steady. Good to prime steers, $5 30®
5 85; poor to medium, $3 9O@5 65; stockers-and
feeders. »3@5;. cows, $2 25@4 35; heifers, $3 35®
4 65;: scanners, ,,$2 10@2 75;<. bulls, $2 50@4 40;
calves, • $2 50@6; .Texas fed steers; $4 25@5 40;
do bulls/. $2 75@3 85. - ' . .¦-'¦ - -
Failures for the week numbered 177 in tbo
United States, against 177 last year, and 39
in Canada, against 30 last year.
Contracts in May corn have been closed at
phenomenal prices; owing to clever manipula
tion at Chicago, : next crop's options are sus
tained beyond the prices warranted by encour
aging crop ¦ reports. More foreign Inquiry for
corn increased Atlantic exports for the' week
to 2,458,681 bushels, against only 1,211,244 In the
previous week, but the movement is still far
below the figures of a year ago.
Wheat goes out in greater volume than a
year ago. but our shipments are comparatively
light.
Both wheat and corn continue to sell at more
than 10 cents a bushel above the price at this
date last year, and the fluctuations in specula
tive options are much wider.
Crop reports continue in the main favorable,
and an easy money market tends to encourage
business • enterprises which looked aghast at
the collapse of stock speculation. The calmer
tone In securities Is welcomed in all directions.
As against the favorable departments referred
to there is but one adverse factor, and the
labor disturbances in several quarters are not
considered likely to be a long drawback and
promise not to very generally affect the trades
involved. Less urgency for early delivery of
iron and steel products was reported at manu
facturing centers. With mills assured of ac
tivity beyond the middle of the year and some
uncertainty regarding the labor organizations'
attitude on the wage schedule, there Is a dis
position to let new engagements wait as long
as possible. Unusual activity is seen In agri-*
cultural ; supplies and some noteworthy ship
ments were reported during the week, while
makers of this class of machinery, purchased
freely of bar iron. Structural shapes are in
such active domestic demand that little at
tention is given to available foreign contracts.
Coke production Is still enormous, as vie nat
ural, with Iron furnaces operating at the great
est weekly capacity ever recorded.
Forwardings of boots and shoes, from Bos
ton for the last two weeks reach the excep
tional total of 207,307 cases, or 48 per cent more
than In the corresponding weeks of 1900, and
since January 1 shipments exceed last year by
12,147 cases, while the increase over all pre
vious years was much more.
NEW YORK. May 17.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade . to-morrow will say:
are diminishing, as spring Is approaching It
is singular that the coal demand sustains itself
so well, when 1 It is known that the deliveries
here of fuel oil are so liberal, supplanting fully
25 per cent of coal consumption. It is very
evident that the fuel being utilized this year—
in the shape of coal and oil — is considerably
larger than any preceding year up to date. Oil
is a disturbing element In establishing fuel
values, as at the present asking prices there
certainly can be no profit to the producers.
The principal aim of each company Is not what
is the best - available price, but who can sell
the lowest. The quantity pumped does not
Justify this sacrifice, but I presujne it will
continue until there-is some unanimity of ac
tion." •"
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1.
75c; pure. $1 30; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled
75c; raw, 73c; cases. 6c more; Lard OIL extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases, 85c: China
Nut, 53®«3c per gallon; pur© Neatsroot Oil. bar
rels. 65c; cases 70c: Sperm, pure. 85c; Whale
Oil. natural white. 37%@42%c per gallon; Fisi
Oil In barrels. 35c; cases, 40c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in h u iv
13c- Pearl OIL In case*. 19c; Astral. 19c- Star"
19c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine, 24c; Eocene, 2i - c
deodorized stove • Gasoline. In bulk, 15c- in
cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; In cases, 20c
86-degree Gasoline. In bulk, 20c; In cases 'Sc *
TURPENTINE— 55c per gallon In cases" and
49c In drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnlnj Com
pany quotes,- per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.25c; Powdered, 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.85c: Dry Granulated. 5.75c; Confec
tioners* A, -5,75c; Fruit Granulated. 5.73c- Mag
nolia A, 5.35c;. Extra C. 5.25c; Golden C, 5.15c
barrels. 10c more; half -barrels, 25c more; boxes'
50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent Domi
nos, halfrbarrels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c per lb
Recipts of Produce.
. FOR FRIDAY. MAY 17..
Flour, qrsks..... 28,533 Middlings, s)m... «90
Wheat, ctls.. 65.607 Ha> tons.. 534
Barley, ctls 9,500 Wool, bales 51
Oats, ctls 540 Shorts, sks 13
Beans. Bks.. 35 Wine, gals 44,240
Corn, ctls 120 Suglr, ctls 1500
Rye, ctls 260 Pelts, bdls.. ...... 1C0
Potatoes, sks 1,40? Hides, No 244
Onions, sks 623 Leather, rolls.... 84
Bran, sks 3,280 Chicory, bbls S
Very little business expected to-day.
Silver higher and Sterling Exchange lozver. . ,
Wheat, Barley and minor grains continue dull. a
New Hay coming in every day now. Feedstuffs unchanged.
No further change in Beans.
New Potatoes and Onions firm. Old Potatoes also firm.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs still in large supply.
Poultry continues depressed under large supplies. '
Seven cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Returns to local houses show short fruit crops.
Honey weak, with a large crop expected. . ... .
Provisions inactive at the old quotations. . ."
Hogs declined again. Other, ''Meats unchanged.'- ¦¦
Light trading on the local stock exchanges. ¦>-. .
SUMMARY OF : THE MARKETS-.
ly. lower, quotations for cotton, corn,, cheese and
petroleum, but some home products and leather
are 'reported-, higher, - and ,the ; great /majority
of- prices remain unciianged.- .^ :- V.fXifis
• The -. demand for men' s clothing and . woolens
has ! not . come up to expectations, while on the
other. hand dress fabrics have sold, quite 'well.
Wool s is slow of sale af the East, but- quite ac
tive at the West, where quotations are said
to^be ..relatively below those of the East. :
, Wheat, including flour, shipments" for the
week aggregate 3,984.968 bushels, against ; *.
178.572 bushels last week, 5,178,422 bushels in
the corresponding week of 1900, 2,212,206 : bushels
in 1S99 and 4,064 832. bushels- in 1898. From July
1 to date this season wheat exports were 185,
080.07S bushels, against "174,694,598 bushels last
season and 206,694,856 bushels in 189S-99. ¦
Failures for the week number 192, as against
193 last week, 155 In this week a year ago, 168
In 1899, 211 In 1893 and. 245 in 1897.,
Canadian failures for the ' week ¦ number • 24,
against 26 last week, 24 this week a year ago,
18 in 1899 and 36 In 1898.
per sack; Garden Peas. 2@2%c: String Beans.'
2%@5c for Vacaville andS07c for River; Cab
bage, 90c per ctl; .Tomatoes, Mexican. $1 2o@
1 50 per crate; from Los Angeles.' 50c@»: Dried
Peppers, 12@18c; Dry Okra. 15c per lb; Carrots,
25@33c per sack; Hothouse 1 Cucumbers. ¦ 35c@n
per dozen; Garlic, 8@10c per lb for old and 5c
for new; Green Peppers, 5<g>12%c per lb; Egg
Plant, 10@12&c per lb. •
Poultry and Game.
.The weakness In Poultry continues, and even
young Roosters, which have been firm for a
long time, are declining. Small Broilers and
Hens ' continue | In oversupply.
Eastern stock is selling at $5 for Hens, $S
for young Roosters, $4 50 for old do, $3 50 for
Fryers, $2@3 for Broilers, $1 75 for Pigeons ana
Squabs, J4 for old Ducks, $5 50 for young do.
$1 25 for Geese and 9@12%c for Turkeys.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, s>(g!llc for Gobblersi
and ll@12c for Hens; Geese, per pair, Jl 25®
1 50; Goslings, $1 25®2; Ducks. $3 50@4 50 for
old and $4 50@5 50 for young; Hens, $3 50®4 50;
young Roosters, $6@7;' old Roosters, $4@4 oO;
Fryers.. $4 50<g5; Broilers, $3@4 for large and
$1 75® 2 50 for small; : Pigeons.: $1 50@l 75 per
dozen for old and $1 50(3>l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $l«j!l 25: Rabbits, *1 25©1 50 for
Cottontail and 75c@$l for Brush.
Butter , Cheese and Eggs.
The Butter and Egg houses will close very
early In the forenoon to-day, as the day will
be largely a holiday.
The market snows no change .whatever.
Eggs, Butter and" Cheese remain as bef or«
quoted and stocks of all are large.
Receipts were 62,400 . pounds and 4S tubs of
Butter. 1193 cases Eggs, 405 cases Eastern Eggs,
16,000 pounds California Cheese and pounds
Eastern Cheese. • •¦ -..•-..•
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery, 17%@18c per lb for
fancy and 16%@17c for seconds; dairy, 14@16&c
per lb. '
CHEESE— New, 8®9c; old. nominal; Youns
Americas, 9@10c " " ." • .
EGGS — Ranch, 14%®16c for good to fancy;
store, 12%@13%c per dozen. ; —
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS. .
BUTTER— " . . .
•Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c;. seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 16c;. 'firsts, 15c; seconds. 14c;
store, 13c. . .-' "
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 8c; choice,
7%c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 9&c;
Eastern, full cream, 14@16c per lb. -•¦ •.
EGGS— - : •
California Ranch— Selected . White. 14Hc;
mixed colors, 13c per dozen . . ¦ ,
California Gathered— Selected, 12%c; standard,
12c; seconds, . / •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Seven cars of Oranges were auctioned, .as
follows: Fancy Navels,; $1@2 25; choice do,.
$1@2 05; standard do, 60c@$l 30;: Seedlings, 45c@
$1 30; Valencias, $2 35.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes continue as be
fore quoted.
Receipts of Apricots, are steadily Increasing,
those yesterday being' 150 boxes and crates.
Receipts of Cherries were lighter,- but prices
were weaker. Other fruits showed little change.
The Peaches left unsold Thursday were sold
yesterday at $2 per box.
APPLES— Eastern, $2 25@2 SO per box; local.
gTeen, 50@75c.
APRICOTS— 50c@$l 25 per crate and 50c®$l 23
per box.
- CHERRIES— Receipts were 3578 boxes, selling
at 25@50c per box for red. 40@65c for dark and
85c(S$l for Royal Anne. . . . .
STRAWBERRIES— $6@9 per chest for Long
worths and $3 50S5 for large berries. Receipts
were 243 chests and 450 crates. The latter sold
at 75c@$l 15 per crate.
BLACKBERRIES— From Newcastle. $1 50 per
crate.
RASPBERRIES— 65@75c per drawer; from
Newcastle, $1 25*81 50 per crate.
GOOSEBERRIES— 20@35c per drawer.
CURRANTS— 50@7Sc per crate and 50@75c per
drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 75c®$2 25;
Seedlings, 60c@$l 50; Tangerines. 50c@$l 25;
Lemons. 75c@$l 25 for common and $1 50@2 60
for good to choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@J> 50;
Mexican Limes, $i@4 50; Bananas. $1 25@2 50
per bunch for New Orleans and *1 25@2 for
Honolulu; Pineapples, $2<S'3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
I Several local dried fruit houses ar» making
an active, canvass of the State to ascertain the
size cf the fruit crops as compared with last
year. They are finding a marked shortage In
everything . except Peaches, which are making
the best showing. It is now well known that
the fruit output of the State will be consider
ably below that of last year.
Honey continues weak and the trade looks for
still lower rather than higher prices, as tha
crop is said to be large.
FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7%c for Royals: Evapo
rated Apples, 4®6c; sun-dned, l%@2c; Peaches.
3%@4e for standard. 4%®5%c for choice and t&
6%"c for fancy: Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 304c;
unpltted, l@134c; Nectarines. 434%c for red and
4@oc for white.
PRUNES — I sizes. 3c; 40-50s, 6%c; 50-60s. 4%c:
60-70E, Z%c: 70-SOs. 3 Vic; S0-90s, 2%c; 90-100s,
2tfc; 100-1203.- 1%C. -'- "¦ ¦
' RAISINS— The Ralsina Growers'. Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, lio per lb; choice, lie;
standard 10c; primf. 9c: unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lO^ic per
lb;' choice, 9%c; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c;' Seedless, 50-lb boxes.
6%c; 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown. 6c.
Pacific brand — 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown. 5M.C. and
4-crown, 5%c: seeded Fresno prices), 5%c;
London Layers, 2-crown, '$1 50 per box; 3
crown. $160; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50;
Imperial, S3. : All prices f . o. b. at common
shipping points. in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 Boftshell. 10@llc: No.
2 7%@Sc;' No. 1 hardshell, 10c: No. 2, 6®7c;
Almonds. 13@14c for papershell, 10@llc for soft
shell and BigCc for hardshell; Peanuts. 5@6c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. ll®U%c; Filberts,
12@12%c: -Pecans.- 116213c : Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 11@
ll%c'for light amber: water white extracted,
4%@5Vic; light amber extracted, 3%@4%c; dark,
3%c.
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb.
Provisions.
Inactive at -the old quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy.
12y.<313c for light medium. 13Hc for light, 14%c
for" extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13c: Mess Beef. $12 per
barrel; extra Mess, $12 50; Family. $11 50; prime
Mess Pork. $15: extra clear, $C3; Mess, $19;
Smoked Beef. 13%@Uc per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and. 10^c for pure; half-barrels, ¦ pure,
!0%c: 10-lb tins. 11 Vic; 5-lb tins, ll%c.
COTTOLEN'F!— One half-barrel, Sv»c; three
half-barrels; 8%e;. one. tierce, S%c; two tierces,
8%c; five tierces, ?9ic per lb. ' ; . • .
Hides, TalloiVj Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
abovlt l%c . under .. quotalons. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c; medium, ,9c; light. S@8%c: Cow
Hides &%c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags,
6%c- Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 9<??9%c; Salted
Calf, 10c: Dry Hides. 16c: Culls. 13%@14c; Dry
Kip lGc: Dry Calf, 16317c: Culls and Brands.
13@14c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c each;
short Wool. 30® 50c each: medium, 60@75c; long
Wool 80c©$l each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 50 for
large'and ?2#2 25 for medium. $1@1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts;- Horse* Hides, dry. $1 75 for
large. $1 25 for medium. $1 for small ¦ and ~ 5Cc
for Colts. r>eerskins— Summer or red skins. 35c;
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins,
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth 1 50c;' medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; No. 2,
3%©4c: grease. 2:£?2%c.
WOOlr^Sprins. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocirio, l»@16c per lb: Northern., free. 12@
13c- defective. 9@llc: Middle County, free, 10@
•lie : do. defective. S@Wc; Southern. 12 months,
8(&9c; Southern, free. 7 months, 7<S10c; do, de
fective. 7 months. 7<3Sc; Oregon Valley, fine. 13
(S16c: do. medium and coarse.- 14@15c: Oregon.
Eastern, choice, 12@14c;-do,.fatr to good. 9@llc-
Nevada. 10<f212e .- .'....
HOJPS— 15@20c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The packers have, finally succeeded in beat-
Ing the price of small Hogs down to 6^e, and
large Hogs are also .weaker . in proportion.
There is no change in other meats. • -
BEEF— 767=340 for' Steers and 6@6%c per lb for
cows. ' ¦ *
VEAL— Large. 7%" ©8c: small. S®9c per lb. -
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%@8%c; . Ewes. '7@7U C
per pound. . ¦ "~
¦ I,AMB— Spring: 8%@9c per pound.
"PORK— Live Hog3. -ISO lbs and under «ie-
ISO to 225 lbs, 6%c: 225 and over, 5%®6c : feed'
ers : dressed Hogs, 7%@9%c. *
General Merchandise.
BAGS^San .Quentin Bags. ' $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 7@7%c; local. make. %c less than
Calcuttas; Wool. Bags, 30@34c; Fleece Twine
7%@Sc.
COAL— Wellington. $9;: per - ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant." # 50- Coos
Bay, $5 HJ; "Wallsend. 19; ¦ Co-operative Walls
«nd. $9: Cumberland. $12 In bulk and flZ 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $n- Can
nel, ?10 per ton; Coke., $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions
$8 43 per. 2000 pounds and $8 SO per ton/ accord
ing to brand. . '-' .'. • . : -
• Harrison's circular says: "During the ¦week
there have been - two arrivals .; of . coal from
British ' Columbia,"; 62C0 tons ; nine from • Wash
ington. 25,332: one .from Oregon, 350: total 31
8S2 tons. . The quantity Is f l|Ily , equal to our
wants and so nearly approximates to same that
but little go?3 Into yard. There are no changes
In prices, which "are fairly - well ' maintained
and business " generally In the fuel line - Is up
to the average. The sales of • domestic grades
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY^ MAY 18, 1901.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Dun's Review of Trade.
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the 5150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $157,747,731; gold, $96,587,507. .
London Market.
NEW YORK, May 17.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
To-day's session of the Stock Exchange was
without incident, with business too light even
to test the tone of the market. The present
account is expected to bo the smallest on
record, to-morrow being • a holiday, the cen
tenary of the exchange, and auer that
comes Whitsuntide. One failure was an
nounced for £20,000. ' "¦•-•>
American shares were quiet but firm. What
little* business there was was all buying. New
York .accepted London prices /and there . was
hardly a ripple thereafter. Arbitraguers went
home early. ¦ .--,- \ • -• . .
12
EASTERN MARKETS.
Bradstreet's Financial Revie?v.
New Ycrk Grain and Produce
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
£r* . of ••;>:•* £2*
60 HEAD OENTLE, WORK, DRIVING and
BL Slvt ESS HORi3x.o,
Weisrhingr From 1000 to 1450.
Also SPAN 1200 MULES.
Consigred by J. P. HYNES. BRENTWOOD.
Contra Costa Co..
; To Be Sold on
MONDAY...... .......MAY 20, 1901
' At 11 A. M.. at '
SALESYARD, 1732 MARKET ST.. CORNER
VAN NESS.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Successors to Killip & Co.,
Livestock Auctioneers.
Horses now at yard. . .Tracey drank fully an ounce of the pols
on, enough, the hospital surgeons say, t<
kill five men. The vial that contained th<
fluid was picked up this afternoon in th<
lot where his unconscious form wai
found. ! .
Tracey is a veteran of the Phillppin<
At the Receiving Hospital they found
Tracey. He had been found in a lot on
the corner of Fallon and Twelfth streets
this morning at an early hour and sent
to the hospital. He was unconscious when
found, and the only thing In his pockets
was a stamp photograph of Miss Hufford.
The doctors hope to be able to save his
life. • , . "' .-• ¦- :
S. P. Smith, the son of the gentleman
with whom. Tracey lived, and Charles
Hufford, the brother of the young lady
to whom the note was addressed, made
a round of the jails and Morgue and'final
ly went to the Receiving Hospital looking
for him. . ¦- ¦ '- . - . ;. ¦¦:
The Smith family did not try to waken
him this morning until 10 o'clock. Then"
they decided to. Bee if he might not be
sick.. But his room. was empty. On the
S table was a note addressed to Miss Huf
ford, saying that when she received it the
writer would be dead, and signed with his
name. •
Miss HufCord. Then his financial troubles
worried him the more. He Jound himself
t without- money this week, and the culml
, ration of all was the failing of his sight.
When he found himself threatened with
blindness he could stand it no longer.^.:" -
small children.. "He has beaten, and
kicked the poor horse sometimes until it
was • hardly able to stand up. . But that
Isn't the . worst. He ' has made the horse,
pull him around from morning till night
without, giving it anything to drink or
eat. He often starts off to deliver milk
to our customers,-, and before noon he
winds up in some saloon drunk." There he
stays until late at night, - without any
thought of the suffering -: horse outside.
When he don't • come home I have to
search till I find him. We have lost many
YOUNG MAN WHO TOOK POISON AND THE GIRL WHOSE : PHOTO
GRAPH WAS FOUND UPON HIM AS HE LAY UXCONSCIOUS AT
THE RECEIVING HOSPITAL. ; ' ' ¦'- '
The : work of Professor : E. !¦ W. ¦ Hilgard must
be mentioned as 1 being of -fundamental impor
tance- in the development ..of 'the. relation of
chemistry to agriculture in this ; country." Pro
fessor ¦ Hilgard, : In his ' classical .work on •¦ soils "
has. placed himself ; ln the front rank of Inves
tigators on this subject,* not : only ; in > this
country, but In . the ¦ world," and his achieve
ments have been recognized both ! by his coun
trymen . and : by 'the . most \ celebrated '; societies
of Europe. - A ; knowledge ¦ of the i soil; and; its
relation to plant growth . constitutes ¦ one of the
fundamental principles of ¦ agricultural " chem
istry, 1 and the> researches ; of Professor > Hilgard
in this line have! done much "to 'place: agricul
ture - In r tho United States > on a strictly, scien
tific-basis. .- .- ¦ .¦-.•> ..
BERKELEY, May 17.— H. W. ; Wiley.'of
the United. States Department of Agricul-"
ture has placed Professor E. ' W.7 Hllgard,
dean of the .College of Agriculture rat
Berkeley, in the foremost » rank ' of -¦ those
who are-carrying on research in his line
of Work in the world. . In an article to the
university authorities Mr. Wiley says:v
by "United States ; Department
of Agriculture.
RANKS HTLGARD WITH
WORLD'S SCIENTISTS
"Work of Berkeley Professor [ Praised
-Mr. Sanborn says that a forced sale of
the property would seriously. Injure his
and his children's Interests. He desires to
be able to protect himself as far as possi
ble-by bidding, at the sale, and for that
reason filed his petition.
Judge Melvin accepted the resignation'
thus leaving, Judge Ogden to . manage * the
estate alone- and leaving Mr.: Sanborn ; to
act simply in his capacity as one, of the
heirs to protect himself from loss by ; a
sale at an unfavorable time. • /
Sanborn's wife was a. daughter of Mrs.
Hutchinson, who died in 1898, leaving
property to the amount of over $100,000.. In
her will, which gave a legacy of $10,000 to
Sanborn and $3000 each to his two chil
dren, she named her son-in-law as execu
tor, together with Judge F. B. Ogden. -
In his petition to the court to be allowed
to resign Mr. Sanborn states that the
Eastern heirs wished to realize at once on
their bequests, and . became increasingly
discontented with the action of the ex
ecutors In holding the property for more
favorable market conditions. The Eastern
heirs finally went so far as to send- a rep
resentative to the coast with power of at
torney "to investigate the conduct; of the
executors. Tho attorney, says Mr. San
born, went oypr the matter in detail and
expressed himself as satisfied that the es
tate was being properly handled. In spite
of this the attorney filed, -as 'soon as he
reached New York, a petition in the Pro
bate Court asking for an immediate sale
of the property and a distribution to the
heirs/. ¦•¦.'• . ¦ . ' .. ¦. •
OAKLAND, May 17.— In order to protect
his own and his children's interests from
the demands of the other heirs of the late
Elizabeth Hutchinson, Henry M. Sanborn
has resigned his position as trustee of the
estate in order that in the event of a forced
sale of the property- he may bid it in. He
could not legally do so were he acting as
executor. -
Hr M. Sanborn Ceases to
Manage Hutchinson
. Estate.
HEIRS QUARREL
WITH EXECUTOR
Pay Premiums for Seats.
- An "auction . sale : was ¦ held . last ;nlght ¦ of
choice i of i seats : for/ithe ?'. Elks'./- minstrel
show. to be held "atHhe "Alhambra . Theater
on, the 28th ; inst.^ One thousand 7 dollars in
premiums^w;as j realized.,"' V r . -\
p< More 'i than \ thrVe '-thousand: peoble^ln
Iowa* die ' froin; consumption each year. ;
r< San Francisco ; Lodge No/, 3 of the Elks
held : a reception": last J evening: to; visiting
brothers at headauartefs: I Governor. Na sh
was to have" been present, but.' lowing, to
the fact that -he was ;. suffering : from k &
flight attack ¦ of poison oak which . he re
cently > contracted * he was ¦ unable * to : at
tend .'He was represented by: a number of
his staff, '? however, 1 : and • the Chief : Jus tico
of . the Supreme Court of Ohio, J. I<V Bur
kett: - 'At ¦• the \ opening • of • the session : . sev
eral hew '- members were initiated ; into the
order > '• This was followed V by? at musical
proeramme. Light, -refreshments were
served and, a most enjoyable: evening was
spent by the : "Best People on, Earth.",.
Elks Entertain -Visitors.
Board of "Works Wants More Money-
-Iru. fecommendlniE: . that ¦ the Board of
Public Works,' i Park Commission [ and ' the
Mayor act [ as a commission to arrange I a
system of parks and boulevards,^ the Su
pervisors' Street Committee has reckoned
without ; one ' important " consideration;
Commissioner Manson of the Board < cf
Public "Works notified Chairman Curtis of
the committee yesterday that It would be
impossible to | prepare plans for the work
unless the Supervisors appropriate . a sum
variously estimated at from: $1000 to JCOCO.
Curtis expressed? surprise that the Board
of Works could not perform the work with
the force of engineers at its command, but
Manson 'said that the * office had-, more
than l If could | handle, : and J that | any - addi
tional work would have . to , be specially
paid -for. :\ :¦¦'...-'-'. ;:_.:_: '-. - -
Overture, orchestra; "Star of Love," Charles
F. Le Long: "Magnetic Waltz." • Julia White;
"Mama's China Twins"- (arranged by . Mc-
Kenzie), Master Georse Kroger and McJGenzto
Musical Society; "O That We TwoWere May
ing," Ethel Carroll and ~"W. G. .BaudoJn:
"Malengluck," ." reverie, zither solo, Mlsa E.
Schneider; -intermezzo VCavallerla Rustlcana."
—First sopranos. Julia" White." Mrs. L. Lamp*.
Joele Dundon; . second sopranos,: Rose Koppel.
Mrs. J.. C Hanghy.^ Maude Seger; first 'altos.
Lulu Johnson, Alice Hawkes. . Florence Page;
second altos, Jeanle Pate^on.-^Bva Wright;
Eugenia 1 Breitengross; soloist, Ethel Carroll
«nd McKenzie Musical 4 Society.' "When You
Were, Sweet, Sixteen," Master Donald Cam
eron and "McKensle Musical Society; * typical
songs of Italy— "Santa Lucia" •= (In Italian).
McKenzi© Musical , Society; -"La Bella Glgt>
Gl,'-' J. P. Falvre.. . France, "La Marseillaisa*
¦ (in French). F. - Baumgartner: Germany. "Dl«
Wacht am Rhein" (in German). 'Eugenia Brei
tengross: United : States. "Star Spangled Ban
ner," Clara Sprauer and McKenzia Musical
. Mrs. Henrietta Friedberg announces th«
connrmatlon of her daughter Ruby at the
Congregation Beth Israel. At home Sun
day, May 25, from 2 to 5 p.m., at her res
idence, 914 Q'Farrell street. - >
.Announcement -Is made of the engage
ment of Mlsa . Minnie " Solomon and Mr.
Max Abrams. They ( will receive their
friends at the residence of Mrs. 'J. Geiz.
S30 Ellis street. Sunday, May 26, from 2 to
5 p. m. >
Mr. and Mrs. Li J. Neumann* announcs
the confirmation of 'their, daughter.- Miss
Alma Neumann, to take place at the
Synagogue Beth Israel-Thursday evening:.
May 23. . They will receive ¦ Sunday after
noon. May, 26, at their residence. 1021 Bu
chanan street.
.' Philip L. Bush has returned ; from, his
trip to .the -East. J ±&9*BBBtBKM&BP*m
Mr.~ and Mrs. C. Rotholtz announce th*»
conflrmation. of their daughter ¦ Gertrud«
at the Geary-street temple on Thursday
evening,' May •¦< 23. :¦. They will receive o»
Suiiday. May 26, from 2 to 5 p. in., at th«lr
residence.' 671 Hayes street.- »; ;r
Deputy United States Marshal I*. H.
Smith of Salt Lake, and Immigrant In
spector Thomas M. Fisher of Seattle ar
rived In this city yesterday - en rout© to
Seattle with two Japanese slave girls res
cued by them from a disreputable house
in Salt Lake City. The girls— Hanah Yo
shada and' Toku - Itano— told the officers
that they had been purchased in Japan
by. Dan Ogeshara, who paid the mother
of one of the girls $200 and the stepfather
of : the other $50 for them. They, were
brought in at- Victoria and- smuggled
across the border into Seattle, from which
place they were shipped to Salt Lake.
- The women will be deported and Oge
shara' will be tried in the United States
IMstrict Court In Seattle for" importing
them for an Immoral purpose.
with many promises to visit Mr. Jacobs at
his springs. ' ¦
; - The inmates of the Hebrew Hom» for
Aged Disabled enjoyed recently an elab
orate dinner given them, by Mrs. B. Lan
zet , in honor of , the marriage of ; her
daughter. - ' .
1 The thirty-flrst musical and hop of tha
McKenzie Musical Society will take place
at Odd Fellows' Hall Thursday. May 23.
The following " excellent programme has
been arranged for the occasion:
and Then Shipped to Salt
Lake City.
Smuggled Into Seattle From Victoria
JAPANESE SLAVES
RESCUED BY OCFFICEBS
The address of Rev. E. E. Baker before ths
Ebell Society last evening was very interesting,
his subject being "Pilgrimages to Literary
Shrines." 21m. Sarah C. Borland was ' chair
man of , the evening and was assisted by Mrs.
Kate E. Bulkeley. Miss Anna Hambly, Dr. H.
P. Van Kirk.- Mrs. A. A.- Oenison , and • Mrs.
Kate Carter. An introductory piano number
was : given by MJss Ada Trefethen and Mrs.
Borland then introduced - the speaker of the
evening. At the conclusion of the lecture an
Informal reception was given to Mr. and Mrs.
Baker.
* • • . ¦ '
.The Women's Auxiliary of the Berkeley U#
ta rlan . Church : will hold a rummage sal* in
Oakland, near the. free market, beginning
June" 1. The following ladles are Interested in
the matter: Mrs. E. .V. Hathaway, president
of the auxiliary: Mrs. A. G. Freeman, chair
man of the special committee ; Mrs. Wyckoff.
Mrs. "Walter Gale, Mrs. George H. ¦ Howlson,
Mrs. Frank . Soule, Mrs. W. H. Payson. Mrs.
W. A. Grover and other ladles of the auxiliary.
A number of youns ladles of the Channins:
Club will assist with the sale.
» ; '
of the evening in dancintr. The followlnj
named were among the guests: Jessie Craig.
Marguerite Vesper, Florence Hatch. Marion
"Walsh, Estelle Ferrln. Hortense Chichester.
Margaret Taylor, Florence French, Bertha
Kotiterious, Mae Baudln. Charlotte Towle. Cora
Bones, Bessie Hatheway. Mabel Roberts. Alice
Corrigan. Sadie Drinkwater. Nettia Davis. Cecil
F. Graham, Malcolm Goddard, Thomas Fernan
dez. Philip Bernays. George Conradl," "Ellis
Wood, George Hill, Carl . Whitmore, Rosa
Pierce, Roy Gait. Herbert Stoddart. Harold
Baker. D. Channel and Harry Gray.
Mrs. Rachael J. ; Fishburn, whose pecu
liar ¦ matrimonial ; . experiences - were re-_
counted in Judge Coffey's court Thursday,
during the hearing of the application of
Secretary White of the' California Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
for letters of gruardianship over the nine
year-old girl* Jenta Fishburn.- appeared
before Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge
of being drunk. .She was arrested at Third
and Bryant streets Thursday afternoon.;
When the case was called, she explained
to ¦- the Judge that she had • Imbibed too
much wine. She said she was Induced to
go into a saloon on Third street and drank
wine, '.which made her feel stupid. . She
said that she had never been areested be
fore for i drunkenness - and promised . that
she would keep sober in future. She smil
ingly added that she had been married
three times and had applied for a divorce
from, her third husband,, Edward Scheller,
and would ' soon • marry the. fourth. <The
man 1 who appeared in' Judge Coffey's court
and said * he was James ;Fishbum, who
had been married by proxy to her in Eliz
abeth, Pa., in 1891. and declared' he was
the father of the girl Jen ta, was in court
with Mrs. ¦ Fishburn. • i She - flippantly re
ferred to him aa her : first husl«and. He
went away with her. . j i ;'¦
Experiences Wlien Arrested
for Brunkenness.
MRS. FISHBTTRIT APFEAJRS
IN THE POLICE COURT
Smilingly U"arrates Her Matrimonial
> " ' j. ¦¦' . • * •* . / ¦ ¦¦ :: - .¦ . .
Mrs. R. G. Brown invited a large -number of»
friends to her home on Jackson street to wit
ness the' passing of the Presidential ~*rty. Tea"
was 1 served during the afternoon. ¦ Mrs. Brown
.was assisted In entertaining' by. Miss Florinne
Brown, Mrs. Lilian Everts. Mrs. William
Letts Oliver, and Misses Katherine and Anita
Oliver. Among those who called were: Mra.*
E. ¦; B. Beck." Miss Laura Prather, Mrs. Harri
son Clay, Mrs. P. - E.> Bowles, Miss Bertha Ms-
Near,' Mrs. Georpe Whitney. Miss Anita Whit
ney, Mrs. Van SIcklen of Alameda, Miss An
nie . Minor, Miss Annie Miller, .Mrs. McElrath.
Miss Emma Farrier, Miss Annie Farrier and
Mrs. M. . R. • Kales, ¦ , :. ¦
• Miss Bessie Gage was the guest 'of honor
OAKLAND, May 17.— A very - enjoyable
luncheon and ' card r party was given this af
ternoon at the Piedmont club house by Mrs.
W. H. Qulnn. ' The tables for the luncheon
were prettily decorated In pink." After a de
licious menu ; the .tables were arranged for
card . playing. ; Several games of six-handed
euchre were played," the first prize being won.
by Mrs."; Mathes and the second . by,- Mrs. . Alex
Young. Among the ladies who enjoyed Mrs
Qulnn'a- hospitality were Mrs. William Letts
Oliver, Mrs. John ' L. Howard, Mrs S • C
Rand. * Mrs. T. C. < Coogan. Mrs. Mathes, Mrs.
F. M. Smith, : Mrs. - G. W. Rodolph, Mrs '¦ E.
H. . KIttrldge, Mrs. . G. W. Dornin, Mrs. H.- C.
Morris, Mrs. D.- R. Rae. Mrs. T. £.. Barker,
Mrs. A. W. Havens. Miss Marietta Havens,
Mrs. Miles, Mrs. E. W. Farnum. Mrs. A. V.-
Anthony, Mrs. Q. A. Chase. Mrs. W. M. Hall.
Mrs. C. W. Kellogg, Mrs.' Augusta Flint, Mrs.
Edwin Taylor. Mrs. Alex Young.' Mrs. , "Rob-"
ert Moore and ¦ Mrs. William Morris.
vj Drl' Ix)uis ' Gross and ' Mrs. • Louis ; Gross, f Mr.'
and . Mrs. i George ¦ i C. ; Roedlng, ' Miss . Emma
Ludemann, ¦ Mies , Marie ; Ludemann," H. • Toft,
Franz ; Imohl,:, Mr.- and - Mrs.^ J. ; G. -Fritz. " B.
',VesteIn!ck.T<^qggE^apiJBBgpBptapHSH^J
'¦• MK'John Jacobs, formerly, of the>PaIace
Hotel, \was presented with a' beautiful lov
ing cup on evening last by his i
many friends and co-workers of the Palace
Hotel Ladles',* Grill* ¦ - An • elaborate spread
was served. in' the club' rooms on O'Farrell
street.WThe party broke up at a late hour.
¦'! The - following ' passengers .will " sail . to
day, on the i';Hambure American Line
steamship -.Pennsylvania: 1gSBwBBR9BHBfl
" Dr.";M. Herzsteln,;Mr. and Mrs. W.- S. Tevls,
maid and valet; Gordon Tevls, ' Lansing: Tevis,
William S.- Tevls Jr." and governess, Master
Lloyd ¦"; Tevia -; and . eoverness. Miss Florence
Brecklnridsre and maid,' Miss - Lena' Blandlng,
Mrs. M. A. WHcox and maid, Alfred H.W11
cox, •". Mrs. W. . W. Lonestreet. Miss , Martha
Jones,' Dr.. Exnil ? O. ¦ Jeltlnek. Adolph Fleish
man.-- Robert 'A:. B^oos," Ed Kallsher. * Mr. and
Mrs. "W. W. ; Michener and maid,".W. : Michener
Jr., Mrs. J.' S. ': Richards, . H. . Clineschmidt,
Baron J. . H. ; von Schroeder. .Baron Alex von
Schroeder, Herbert RoDer, Mr. and Mrs. Cor
nelius G. Betton,' Mrs. George iW.') Cutter, Mr.
and Mrs. W. R. ; Sherwood/' Mr.: and Mrs. - J." C--
Cebrlan and .maid. Miss Mamie de L. Cebrian,
Miss Isabel de-LV Cebrian. Miss Beatrice de L.
Cebrian,' Mts3 • Josephine Lopex, * Mlsa Edith . S.
Chesebrough. ' Miss Lizzie Keldmann. I Mr. • and
Mrs. Warren "T>.\ Clark.- Mr. and Mrs. 'Ed w.
Suhr J of Honolulu - and maid. Miss Pauline
Suhr, ¦ Master ¦ Eugene r Suhr, Miss •. L." Frank,
Miss ; E. ' Subrcke;,- Herr ¦ Selzer. ¦ secretary Ger
man Asiatic Corn9, Peking; Mr. % and -Mrs. ; D.
M. \ Hodman * and ; child, - C. s C. : Hornung." Miss
Anna ; Gaentzsch; ; P. Kuhlke. Mrs. Mathilda
Kuhlke, ' Herman :' Drewes, ~ VoIkerf.F.'- Tedsen,'
Mrs. ¦ William '. Bersschicker. r . Mrs. C. Muller. .
Miss Louise Muller, Miss Clara Lelngarag.v John
Wilshusen, \ L. •* Bobsien, Mrs. I. ' M. Hofstad
and '¦ child. P.*H. Bilgen, Mrs." P. Fredericksen,
Miss Ellse , von l Gruenljcen,"!; MlB3 Ida Helf rich.
Miss : Mollie Shovlin, ( Mrs. - E. r Fahrenhols.
On- the 'first Tuesday, in the) month, the
Country Club met at the home of Mrs. C.
C. Crane of Decoto, Mrs. Hayes acting as
hostess. A very* pleasant and profitable
afternoon was spent with Mrs. - Johnson of
the Ebell Club, Oakland. • ;
following Pacific Coast people sailed
for Europe on the Hamburg American
Line • new ; fast . express > steamer Deutsch
land from New York May 16: ;
-Mrs. J. Christensen, ; Mrs. E. Elllnghouse,
Miss , C. ~ Bowman, Miss - J. Christensen, • Miss
I. -. Beach, Miss • J. Lothrop. Miss A. Mclntlre.
Miss H, " Schrlver,- Miss > M. M. Ssroul, Mlsa
Lizzie .' Cantus, . Miss • Louisa - Cantus, : Miss
Brown, Miss > A. t Sheehan, Mrs.- Charles Ham
ilton, Mrs. Fred Blaksela, Mrs. G. •E.'Pearce.
Mrs. W. v Jensen. : Mrs. Mullen. ¦
•"-On Monday evening, May 13, the Liberty
Swimming- Club= spent. a' delisrhtful even
ing at:theLurline Baths. : Those ' In ' the
party were: - ' .
¦ Miss Freda Marquard received a number
of her friends at her residence on -Waller
street last 'Saturday, evening. Dancing
and games were indulged In until • a . late
hour, and a very enjoyable .: time was
spent. "Those who attended"; were: |' Mi3S
Freda Eichkoon, Mlas Dora Offermann,
Misses Marie and Mathilda Geibel." Misses
Lena and Marie Wagner, Misses Clara
and Flora Klemn. Miss Klamie Casano
vich. Miss Maeme Shehl, Miss Freda Mar
quard, Miss Sophie ; Marquard, "Mrs. M1I
covich, Mrs. Marauard, Mr. Henry. Mar
quard, Mr. Eudolph Marquard, Mr. John
Casanovlch, Mr. Clemens Raetz.Mr. Je
rome Hamilton, Mr. .Helmush Eichkoon.'
Mr. Paul S. Aehlich, Mr. William Mc-
Devitt, Mr. Henry Becker, Dr.Henry La
costeand'Mr.Paul Sammann. '
SOCIETY EVENTS.
, The home of Mr.' and Mrs.' John G..Hoyt. on
Fairmount avenue, was the scene of a merry
gathering this evening, when Roy B. Baker
entertained a number of his classmates. Mas
ter Baker will graduate from the High • School
In a few days and the reception -.'this . evening
was In the nature of a farewell to Wsschool
matea. ¦ The - residence was, beautifully deco
rated, sprays of hawthorne and pink roses be
ing used with artistic . effect. ¦ - After several
enjoyable games of hearts refreshments were
served. The young people passed the remainder
' ' Miss Florence Hayden ' entertained a f ew
young 1 friends thli \ evening at • her. home on
Madison street. Among the guests were: Miss
Edith Selby. Miss Amy Scoville, ' Miss Crlssie
Tart, Miss Ctertrude AHen, Miss Alice Knowles.
Miss -Ruth Knowles, Miss Bessie Palmer. Miss
Bessie Gage, Miss T. Moore, ~ Mr. McLaren,
Kay Crawford, Mr. Olney, Otto Wiedemeyer,
Thomas Knowlea, Mr. . McDuf fie, Mr. Llndley
and . Mr. Paddock. " - • . .
yesterday afternoon at a very pretty luncheon
and card party given by Mrs. Henry Kosen
feld of San Francisco. The luncheon was
served at- the Palace Hotel and was a de
lightful affair. :- After the luncheon the party
repaired^ to Mrs. Bosenf eld's apartments at
the Lick House, - whei^ the remainder of the
afternoon was enjoyably spent in games of
flve-handed euchre. ¦ Mrs. Rosen f eld's guesta
were: Miss Bessie Gage. Miss Carrie Nichol-
Eon, Hiss Belle Nicholson, Mrs. A." Long-, Miss
Gage, Miss Ethel Gage, Mls3 Pauline Lohse,.
Miss Anita Lohse, Mrs. • George Hammer, . Mrs.
John C. Hampton. Mrs. Rupert Blue, Mlsa
Crissle Taf t : and Miss Amy - Scoville.
SERIES OF PLEASANT RECEPTIONS
GIVEN BY OAKLAND SOCIETY PEOPLE
of our customers. If . It - wasn't that I
work very hard we wouldn't have any.
"I'm not going to show any mercy to
my husband when he comes to trial. I*
he isn't punished it won't be any fault of
mine, j As soon as I can I'm going to get
a divorce from him. .I'm tired of making
money so he can drink it up. and then
starve and beat the only horse we've got."
Daniel Schmidt, the accused, is a one
armed man and well known in Fruitvale/
where . he has lived with his family for
many years. . ¦ . ,
•¦'.:¦ ¦'•'.'¦ ¦> '•''. '' •
MRS. ANNA SCHMIDT, THE KIND-HEARTED WIFE OP A FRUITVALE
• : DAIRYMAN, AND THE OVERWORKED HORSE SHE CLAIMS HER HUS-
I BAND FREQUENTLY BEAT AND STARVED.
y/r-^ AKL.AND, May 17.— For^ starving,"
(i v| V beating and overworking the \ one
II II horse they use In their dairy busi
:^\ys nftaa". In Fruitvale. Mrs.' Anna
- ¦¦¦'. Schmidt" has* had ; her -husband,
Daniel Schmidt, 5 arrested .for cruelty r .to
animals.' Justice ' Larue issued, the war
rant, i Mrs. > Schmidt * states that she will '
not only do all, she can to send her hus
band tojail; but that she will attempt to
get a divorce from him. His inhuman
conduct ' and- -intemperate ; habits ¦ have
aroused" in her a feeling of strong, aver
sion. ¦ ¦ ;" r • "¦ - ¦¦¦ ¦ . ¦_, - ; * "
/'My husband is guilty of the most cruel
acts," said Mrs/ Schmidt, upon whom has
devolved the work of running the dairy
and earning enough ; to support their four
WIFE SECURES HUSBAND'S ARREST
FOR TREATING A HORSE CRUELLY
Mrs. Anna Schmidt of Fruitvale Will Prosecute ;Her Spouse for
i ¦ Beatingf and Starving the Animal and Then Seek to Secure a
Divorce From* Him on; Grounds of Cruelty and Intemperance
Ernest Tracey, Destitute and Estranged From His Who
Is a Wealthy Lirtnber Dealer of Shasta County , Writes Note
to Young Woman He Loves and Swallows Carbolic Acid
POVERTY AND FAILING SIGHT
MAKE LIFE UNBEARABLE TO HIM
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
FIND MARRIAGE
WAS NOT LEGAL
Couple '¦ Make Discoy
. ery Alter Fifteen
Years.
Woman Seeks Companion s
Arrest and Learns She
Is Not a Wife.
ALAMEDA, May 17.— Mrs. Mary Perry
came in from Bay Farm Island this morn
ing to geta warrant for her husband's
arrest, and ' she wound up \ by getting ? a
.marriage license for . him. ; ; For, . fifteen
years Mrs. Perry has labored J under ; the
delusion that she was Mrs'.* Antone Perry,
bona fide, and it was only her anxiety
to have her better half put into jail; that
disclosed to her the fact that she was
mistaken. The discovery was as great a
surprise to the man In the case as It was
to the woman, but he H was not so-non
plused but ¦ that he could t take . advantage
of the dilemma, and /he lost no : time . in
using it as a bludgeon to get himself out
of trouble. •
Fifteen years ago Antone Perry thought
he married Miss Mary I Montell and ¦ Mis3
Mary Montell thought she - married An
tone Perry. A priest performed the mar
riage ceremony. Perry ¦ was : in extremis
at that time and the marriage was done
up in a hurry; but' for some reason,
known only to himself, the husband did
not ale. In fact he has lived to be blessed
with seven children, whose ages range
from 6 to 14 years. -. r .
Lately, . however, the Perrys have not
lived happily together. They - have . had
frequent quarrels, and sometimes the fur
niture took wings. The climax of a series
of squabbles came this morning when
Mrs. Perry packed her things and 'came
to town, determined to have her husband
arrested on a charge of battery. She told
Justice Morris that ¦, her husband had
abused her. The Justice asked the woman
a few questions and in the course of the
dialogue it developed that Mrs. Perry
had been ' married without the • formality
of securing a license, making the wedding
invalid.
S Justice Morris told the woman that the
only way out of her dilemma was to get
married again. The husband came in at
this juncture and was told all about It.
Perry told his wife that the only condi
tions under which he would marry her
again were that she agree not to nave
him arrested and to be docile: in the fu
ture. Mrs. Perry saw the force of the
argument and acquiesced. Then- the cou
ple went to Oakland for a license, came
back and this afternoon were married by
Justice Morris.
TEACHEOEtS r TO : ASK . FOB v
IU-CIiEASE IN WAGES
Members of Berkeley School Depart-
ment Desire Twelve ; Months'
Pay Instead of Eleven. .
BERKELEY, May 17.— The teachers 'of
the local public schools are organizing to
petition the^Boafd of. Directors for an in
crease ; of salary. At present .they are
drawing ¦ eleven months' salary, but -they
will ask for twelve. Some three years ago
a general cut in wages was made and -the
petition asks to' have the old standard re
instated. "' '^ *' " ' . :. . ."" '
. The DirectQrs as a body.aj-e now opposed
to an increase in-; wages and unless a
change in opinion takes place the petition
will not be granted. An increase of one
month's salary throughout the : entire
corps of teachers would amount to several
thousands of dollars.
Joint Picnic of Sunday-Schools:
OAKLAND. May- 17.— The Sunday
schools of Alameda County unite once a
j-ear in giving a big. joint picnic to some
pleasant spot near by. The date for the
picnic this year has been set for June 1,
and the place selected Is Fernbrook Park,
in Niles ¦ Canyon. The arrangements are
in .the hands of Myron T. Holcomb and
George J. W. Stark. Seventy cars have
been arranged for and every ticket-holder
will be given a seat. "The trains will- leave
Oakland at 8:40 in' the morning and will
leave the park at 5 p. m., arriving in Oak
land about an hour later.; One sectipn of
the train will go through Seventh street
and will stop at every station. There will
be games and contests for pastors, super
intendents and scholars. -Th© Sunday
schools of the county/ will go under the
charge of their teachers and superintend
ents. , . ¦ - . „,
"Cowboy Preacher" Again in Jail.
• OAKLAND, ; May, : 17.— J. v - P. Rice, the
"cowboy j preacher," > made his ' second . ap
pearance in Oakland yesterday and wound
up in the- City "Prison. Rice" had 'been
drinking and. broke a window, whereupon
he was arrested. Rice travels over the
country as a "cowboy preacher" and man
ages to get from town to town and see a
great ' deal of : the country without, much
expense to himself. He formerly wore
long hair and talked upon street corners.
He has had more written about him than
any other .man of his type and character
in the country/ ::
Aged Janitor's Death.
i OAKLAND, May 17.— R." • R. i Hunter, 63
years of age, was found dead this evening
in the rear of 855 Broadway, where he was
employed as a janitor. Heart disease is'
supposed to have caused his death. .. ¦ -
"BEA'lT ESTATE ; TBANSACTIONS.
Alameda County. -
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Mar
tha E. • Millikin,- lot : on W line of ¦ Franklin
street '200 N'of . Fourteenth, " N - 42, "W 100,- S
17, W 25 S 25, B 125 to beginning, being: • lot
16, Map of Schroeder Tract, Oakland; $4200. •-
F. A and Mae G. ' Losh : to William J. Beat
tie lot on E line - of Market street, 60 S of
Thirty-fourth. - S 30 . by ' B 116:3,' being the N
80 feet of lot 3, "* block K, Map of Property ; of
Central Land Company, Oakland ; J500. -
Edwin H. . Ayers- and W. H. Manion (by W.
S. Harlow, commissioner) to Oakland Building
and Loan Association, lots ' 8 and 9, . block 53,
San Antonio, East Oakland ; ¦ J1766. • - :
¦JO. ' Klumpke to N.', : A. Jacobson, all in
terest in lota 2 and 3, block 78, Tract B, Berke
ley- Land and ¦ Town Improvement ."Association, .
Berkeley; . $1: *3g&*tif&B&S&*!f$f?24 JSteMWKSVi-^ ti
¦¦ Ida . M. ¦ and : Franklin ' Booth to "Walter 7 E. :
Magee, lot on • S • line • of Haste street, ? 350 E
of Audubon (or College avenue), E; 100,; S 135.09.
W.50..N 2.16, ' W. 60.- N 132.93 to beginning, : lot
62, • block. C, map of • portion : of . Berkeley prop
erty, Berkeley ; $100. ' , f "-'. ' ' V ' ' ¦„¦ *
- Robert and Christina . Harrower to ¦-' Patrick
and Jane McKay, lot on; B* line of Chestnut
street, 145 , S of : T>enty-Becond, S . 60 by : E 82,
being a portion of map of survey of ¦ Northern
Extension to Oakland," Oakland; $1000. ¦ . : ,
Edwin" H. and Minnie E. Orr.Uo Saraflm
Pereira, ' lot < on ' B line » of Henry ¦ street, 200
N of West Third,. N- 25 by>E. 125, -being .lot 15,
block F.' Bay View Homestead. Oakland; $10.-
Mary ¦ IC? Spooner .-¦ (Boland) • to * George - Bo
land r (known ¦ as " George B. Sanforde), , subdi
vision A of lot 9, block 757, Watts Tract Map
2, Oakland;' also.theN % of lot 7, block 677.
subdivision D, in lot 2, and subdivisions A and
B . in ;. lot . 3, : block . 798, = Watts Tract •• Map 2,
Oakland ; $300. >"- • "'¦","¦ ; ¦ -
Edwin H. and. Minnie E. Orr to J. L.. Hicks,
lot on^Ei. line: of Linden street, 107:6«Svof
Twenty-fourth. ' S \ 50 by ¦"¦ E : 125,-: block H. ', on
map ' of - : northern extension * of ; Oakland;* Oak
land; ! $500. '•;..¦-.¦ -« .. » : •\,1- '¦" '*¦
*' Edward ? and" Elizabeth • a Askqulth .' to '«' Hor
ace C. ' and Annlo Myrick, lot on- N : lino of
Wilder street, i 404 \W- of Baker, s N 147. 84 . by ¦. W,
50 being ; lots •- 1 ¦ and '; 2, Mountain • View • Tract.'
Berkeley: ; $2000. -w-' ¦""= - •••¦ •. ' •' v ,
E. D. and Julia' A. Wheeler to M R.', LunC
lot on E line of Louisa; street. v 100 N i of uVir
ginia • - N» r 100 by E 135, i being lots 15 . and . 16,
block 'A '' Eureka'.Homestead, - Berkeley; < $3000." *
-. W. H.> and * Bessie t M.' - Cornell to M: ; E.
Thomas.' all interest "in -lots '46 i to 48, - block i 4,'
Allendale Tracf Brooklyn- Township; $10.v V
¦m. Louis F.T and Lydla Monteagle to Mamie. M.
Castlen ;lots 16 b nd : 17. block A,' ¦ Melrose ' Sta
tion Tract,>Brooklyn Township;. '$500. : : ; .
* lAuraTA>.and»H.'-B> Pinney to. J.>E. !l Cas
tlen,- lot ; 15, block ; A/ i same, r Brooklyn Town
ship; $10. •¦¦•.¦ ¦ ¦¦ '¦¦¦ •--••¦• •_ , •
i-'i Wallace ' B.' Fitch ¦ to J. . B. -Wattles, lot on ; N
line ', of • San ' Jose >¦ avenue, . 350 ! W • of * Willow
street,* W 50 by ;N; 150, > being lot , 2 in 'E" % : of
block M, lands adjacent to Encinal,- and; being
'lot ; 2. • block M.'i Pioneer : Homestead | on I map ¦ of
property ¦ Pioneer • Homestead 'Association, ¦ to
correctslOO D.; 222, r Alameda; ;?5.r- V
BERKELEY, May 17.— Coroner Mehr :
reann will hold an Inquest Monday in the
case of Cornelius Maloney, who hanged
himself Thursday night. It will probably
be held at the residence of his son, CD.
Maloney. at 2314 Eighth street,' $g£jm
Coroner Will Hold Inquest.
OAKLAND, May 17.— The Reliance Club
has arranged , three matches for . its
tournament Tuesday evening; the events
being a ten-round go between Jack Cape-
Uss and James Davis; a fifteen-round
bout between "Kid" McFadden and Bob-:
by Martin, and a fifteen-round* contest
between ' "Kid" Williams and George
J ohns. The directors > consid er that : the
programme is first-class •injevery- respect
and offers lovers* of- fast ring worK .an
attractive entertainment. The new board
has decided to follow -the example of its
predecessor ' and * give the club members
and their friend* . the best <• matches -that
can be made among the ¦ambitious boxers
around -the bay shdre.
Tournament to Be Given
Next Week.
The funeral will take place Sunday.
Mr. Osgood was a member of the Odd
Fellows, Workmen and Grangers and a
charter member of the .Washington
Township Pioneer Association. - .". :
The deceased leaves a widow and one
child, Mrs. Thomas Witherly of Center
ville. A brother, Augustus .Osgood of
Blue Hill, survives. Superior Judge Angel
lotti of Marin> County and County Sur
veyor Atherton of San Joaquin County
are nephews, as are F. S. and H. D. Os
good, the Oakland druggists: Assembly
man J. W. Atherton of Marln _County
was a brother-in-law of - the deceased,
and Mrs. Fanny Angellotti of San' Rafael,
the mother of the Superior Judge, was a
sister. . -- ¦•¦•-;:
RELIANCE CLTTB/PREPARES
GOOD BOXING ! PROGRAMME
Directors Match. Clever Men. for ths
IRVINGTON, May 17.— Luther E. Os
good, one of the leading citizens of
Washington Township, was found dead
in his orchard last night about 10 o'clock.
Mr. Osgood left his home last. evening at
about 5 o'clock. He did not return to
dinner, but the family was not alarmed
until 9 o'clock, at which hour he had not
returned. It was thought that he had
gone to Irvington on some business. But
when 9 o'clock came Mrs. Osgood went to
the home of her. son-in-law,. Thomas
Witherly, and togeth'er they instituted a
search. The body was found in the or
chard, where the old man dropped, prob
ably from heart disease. The body was
cold when found and there were no signs
of a struggle. • _
Mr. Osgood was a pioneer of washing
ton Township. He came from. Maine : in
1S52 and went to Centerville, a settlement
near the old Mission San Jose, where he
worked until 1857. He then - returned to
Maine and married, returning to Califor
nia the same year. He secured posses
sion of 100 acres of land near Centerville
and planted the orchard in which he died.
From time to time Mr. Osgood added to
his holdings until at the time of his
death he was the owner of 1000 acres of
the finest land in Washington Township,
making him. one of the largest landown
ers in that section.
Disease.
Pioneer Orchardist Car
ried Away" by Heart '
LUTHER OSGODD
DIES SUDDENLY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 17.
The Cpntra Costa Water Company has
refused to accept City Attorney Johnson's
draft of the stipulation drawn to cover the
proposed payment of the company's bills
for this fiscal year. The corporation's at
torneys object to the final clause- of the
stipulation, which covers the question of
rights of forfeiture of the company's
plant. It reads as follows:
And out cf greater caution It is hereby
rpeclflca.l!y provided that the said claim of
esid city a* to the forleiture of said property
and any claim or claims of said city for for
feiture of said property of said company shall
in no wise be affected by this agreement or
by any act or thing done or had in pursuance
thereof.
The remainder of the stipulation is sat
isfactory to the corporation. ; It follows in
part: ¦
Whereas. There is a tfeficiency in the High
School fund of said city and it is desired to
use for ;Hien School 'wrposes a portion of the
funds which might be made available for pay
ment of said claim of *^.id water company, and
Whereas, The company Is willing to release
nnd forego a portion of its said claim for said
water provided a portion of said money bo in
tald fund shall' be devoted to the payment of
its said claim and that the remainder of said
money snail be devoted to said High School
purposes.
The stipulation provides for the pay
ment by the city of the rebated water
bills, the company to waive all rights un
der the litigation now in progress, to any
additional payment on this year's ac
count. '¦"¦ : A
The failure of the water company to ac
cept the stipulation leaves the matter of
payment of high school teachers' salaries,
temporarily at least, in the air.. City At
torney Johnson declares he will not strike
out the forfeiture clause on his own mo
tion. He said:
"I was directed by resolution of the
City Council to draft a stipulation which
would safeguard all the rights of*the city
if a compromise were agreed to and en
tered into. This direction, I. believe, I
have accomplished. ' The stipulation, as
drawn, is intended In no wise to affect
pending litigation, cither in the interest of
th« city or of the water company. Hence
I shall'not. under my Instructions, accede
to the water company's renuest to elim
inate the forfeiture clause." f - ¦
President Dingee of the water company
said: . '
"The. objectionable clause, according to
Attorney McCutchen. embodies a virtual
admission that the city has a legal claim
to forfeiture, but his main objection to it
is that it relates to matters and actions :
not Included in the pending suit between
the city and the water company." .
The matter must be referred to the City
Council for settlement.
Declines to Accept the
Terms Offered by
the City.
WATER COMPANY
MOT SATISFIED
getting work, but managed to pay his
bills regularly.
war, having 1 served In Company M, Second
Oregon Volunteers.
OAKLAND, May 17.— Threatened
with loss of sight and sorely In
need of money, Ernest Tracey
wrote a note to the young lady
to whom he was engaged and
then took a dose of carbolic acid to-day.
He Tras found before the acid had time
to complete Its work, and is now at the
Oakland Receiving Hospital on the verge
of death!
Tracey has faced the hardest kind of
luck since he came to Oakland and he
finally decided that carbolic acid was
about as easy a. 'way as any out of his
troubles. He came to Oakland about six
months ago from Shasta County. His
father is reputed to be a wealthy man
in that section, and Tracey himself was
engaged In the lumber business with J. L.
Bass. He went to board with B. P. Smith
at 419 Tenth street. Tracey did not discuss
his private affairs very much, but he said
enough at different times to convey the
idea that he had had some differences
with his father, and that he hoped that
hJs father would relent and relieve the
financial condition Into which he had fall
en. He did not seem very successful in
Tracey met and became interested in a
13
iTHB^SAN^ra^THE SAN FRA^
14
SAN FnA>CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Cull, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
KRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
comer Clay: open until 9:20 P. ra.
SCO Hares street; open until 9:00 p. ra.
C3 McAllister etreet; open until 9:20 p. m. .
€15 Larkin street: open until 9:30 'p. m. (
1941 M'ssicn street; open until 10 p. tn.
:26I Maikct street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
JC6 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. tn.
KP6 Valencia street; open until Jp.ni.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreetf; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXC XOTtCES.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 1C6, F. and A. •
M.-Callcd rr.eetinar THIS (SATLR-
]>AY) EVENING. May IS. at 7 o'clock. XX
First degree, liy order of the \\ . M. ' v
II. J. OWEN. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of South San m
Francisco Lodge No. 212, F. and A.
M.. nre requested to attend the funeral tj Tj
of our late brother. DAVID PALMER " "
I'.noWN of Cliarity and Relief I/Odse No.
T2. F. and A. M.. Mystic, Connecticut, from
Mnscnlc Hall. Fourteenth ami Railroad avw.,
Fouth Kan Francisco. THIS SUNDAY. May
1? 19C1 at 1 o'clock p. in. I!y order of the
Master. i:. C. HARE. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members Triumph .rf^j>>
Lodge No. ISO, A. O. U. W.— Tou J«3c
arc notified to meet at your hall «L£»S
SUNDAY, May 19. at S) a, m. sharp W» SN
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our late brother. JOHN QUINN.
C. R. HOLTON. M. W.
J. TI. CATTRAN. Recorder. -
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
rr.eetiriR of the stockholders of the Olympic
Fn!i Water Company will be held at the
office of th» company. 327 Market St.. San
F— indwo Cal.. on MONDAY, the 2Tth day
of May. 190!, at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m..
for the rurrose of electing a board of direc-
tor* to serve for the ensuing year, and the
trar«art1on of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books
¦will close on Friday. May 17. 1901. at 3
o'clock p. m. CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec
Office r?7 Market tt.. San Francisco. Cal.
ThE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Charles Liily and W. E. Emery.
In the Avalanche mine, near ValllrJta. Gal-
avcras C"'int". Tn o>po*ft tailings In Grape-
v<re Gv'-h: an-l from W. .T. Cox and F. E.
Keepy !n the Taylnr diggings, near Taylors-
viile."pium»s Countv. to deposit tailings in
mr.rhtian Cre*k. gives notice that a meet-
ing — |i| he held nt room S3. Flood building.
P?n Francisco. Cal.. on May 27. 1901. at
i ro r>. m. .
ACEXTS WAXTED.
MAN or woman -wanted to employ and superin-
tend agents: IIS meekly sdlarv »ind exriense*:
rrrmsnent pcsHif-n. ZIEGLER CO.. 120
Monrn building. Chicago. l!l.
MAN tr> solicit In city or country: can make j
from J2 to ?3 per day. Apply at S Taylor-
ftreet. |
ABLE solicitors can esrp J1C0 per week on our
T>T-o?.oMtion>5. American Explcratlcn Co.. 1413
Call bunding.
AOOPTIOX.
G^CD hTi» open for healthy boy and girl ba-
bies. MRS. DR. FUNICE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
ASTHAI.TITM ROOFIXG.
! J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
' • paired : postal. 11SG Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success : collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. K0 Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Hocm 22, 137 Montgomery St.. S. F.
ADVICE Tree: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market eL, opn. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 9"7 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
IIOAKUIXU FOR CHILDKE.V
2 OH 2 children to board, week or month: best
care;gur.ny yajxl;nr.schooI;reascn3bIe.lC0* Cal.
LADY with own home would like 1 or 2 chll-
dren to brard: rood «-are. 8218 Sixteenth st.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A— $7i0: SALOON: no better located place In
this city: rent $00 place clears easily $15)
jier month: no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. 2CU Kearny n. , j
A— $:.ro: CORNER saloon with 2 living rooms,
on Hrannan rt. ; good business; c-Ioue to fac- .
toritf*. Call It. O. WILKE, 26 H Kearny *t.
s j A— tlttO; HALF Interest In leading restaurant:
fVjvate Ujxeg; loratr^J oloee to Powell and
Market ft«. R. U. WILKE. Zt'.j Kearny et.
A-J2W; !K>ARDING nnd livery stable, West-
ern .\'M:s i-ii; tiet rent $IS; clearinit above iHO
I»er month; large inttronaee; stock of bug-
i -:• i. I: ¦'><¦ snd harness first cUss. Call IL
O. W1LK-. ;«'/£ Kearny st. |
A -tSCO; CORNF.n «rroecr>' and bar with 4 living
rooms; . -i.i! ;.>h-'i >«irs; r^nt I3i; location
ran't i«- beat an<l thp burlne** |« first class.
Call It. O. WILKE. gt;'., KMOiy st.
A-J1700; ICECUI:a~M parlors and cafe, on lead-
Ir.g bUKlneri ttnvt; rent $55; flrnt-class pay-
ing (otsbllrhment: owner compelled l,y eick-
rirrs to retire. Particulars R- G. WILKE,
I6'4 Kearny A.
A— J14W; lci:cilEAM parlors and candy store;
rho!rc*t Ijcstlon; low rr-nt; monthly receipts
$7i0: Milne In *ipht: net profits at leant Sl.'iO
I»er month. Call R. O. WILKE, SC 1 ,i Kea.rn y .
A— *17y«: CDHKISB rroceo' and bar: place i-s-
talilt^hod >ears nr.d known a« one of the best-
raylntr corner groceries In this olty; location
<me biork fr^m Market st. Particulars R.
O. WILKE. :r^4 Kearny st.
A-J1100; RESTAURANT with 7 rooms and
bath: very choicest business location; rent
$33; investigate and make en offer: a rare I
and good chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 2f>Vi
, Ktarny et.
A— $ icon; SALOON on Market sL; place estab-
lished many years 8nd doing a large bu«l-
M-5F; net rent $13*<: sickness In family com-
r*ls owner to sacrifice; a mint. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2CVi Kearny Et.
A— CANDY store in Western Addition.... $3;0
Delicacy store : good stock; no opposition. 500
faloon in business district 4500
Saloon near beach. $4CC; saloon and lodg-
ing-house gOO I
rhotograph gallery; pays well; Market st 2CC0 [
Merchandise business in good town.'; 1200
Corner grocery end bar. from $100 up to.. 4OW
Stationery stores, cigar stands, bath houses,
delicacy ttore>. in all parts of city, from $150
up. EITEL & CO. 1 , IC32 Market st.
AAA— 100 CIGAH ttands, 230 groceries and bars,
200 candy «nd Icecream stores, 500 restau-
rants. 900 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
wont to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES fc CO., S38 Market St.
FOR private sale— Some of bes.t saloons in city.
f WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
1 HAVE bargains In groceries and bars, res- i
taurants. bakeries, candles, cigars, notions '
drug stores, etc JOSEPH BAILIE. 7J3 Mkt.
P..* NCHES — Fruit ranches, dairy ranches. :
chicken ranches and general ranches for s.ale
nnd to rent JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market.
Jiyi— CORNER grocery and bar; old establish-
business; rare chance. McLAUGHLIN &
r22.'>— DAIRY depot: fine trade; will support a
ramlly._ LUNDIN & CO.. 006 Market Kt.
CENTLEMAN. middle-aged, desires engage-
ment; well acquainted Pacific and adjacent
Stat(-s; has good knowledge general business;
very fair correspondent; has occupied pres-
ent position trust several years: highest lo-
cal references. Dox 4106, Call office.
A f-RTORY brick lodging-house, nicely located
nnd paying wtll, li offered, $2000: below what
It pays Interest on; proof given; reason,
resldenre: would lease. Address
F. S. CARR. MarysviHe, Cal.
DENTAL office, well advertised, doing a busl-
ncss of $C00 a month; this Is a rare chance
for the right party. Address box 41144, Call
office.
O?"E of the oldert and best-paying saloons In
Ksrra-er.to; a great chance to make money:
trial riven before buying. Business Board
of Trade.. 226 Pine St.; phone Davis 228.
PARTNER wanted In fruit and candy store:
good location; rood business. 7 Eddy st.
CALL route. Apply 478 Tehama iT! near
Sixth, af Ur 12 o'clock.
JS.19— TlERTAtTRANT for sale; 7 living rooms
Mns. L. LIXP/Tlburon. Cal. rooms.
MAN with tWO to Join party to work placer
clulm at Cape Nome. Box £433. Call office.
FOR *al#— Branch bakery and notion store
."¦:•! Fourth ft.; no ascnt.
FINE drug rtnre In Alameda. doing a good
j.nylr.5 business; proprietor has other busl-
tirj-N that requires tils attention: rare oppor~
tunlty. Apply soon to 13. H. UAXTEK, il 2d.
Foil *ale— A well titled up bwr and bllllnrd
nakion on MnrUH »t.,. n«»r City Hall. Mo-
I.TCOn & 1IATJ12, wholesale -liquor mtr-
r^ants. tlS Mr.rkft st.
FOIt SAL12— Good cl«rar «tan<l near thentem;
low rent; owner coins to Alaska. Box 3111,
Cull office. ' ;
MILTC rou«> rsjinrr $100 for rait cheap. A<1-
<irtv» bnx S10«. Coll office. .
cbt'KTKV: S-^hslr barber rhov for rale or ex*
• fliance. 401 Butter >L. I |i. m,
riArtttKn whop to let; rhalrs *nd tools for sals.
i'JX 'J v.i ul> -fourth *t. E___B|
BUSINESS C:iA:VCKS ConUnneil.
J1200-STEAM laundry; long: established and do-
lnp large and very profitable business. HORN..
, SOLOMON & CO.. 20 Kearny. st. • .
JS5O— DOWNTOWN saloon: no nlsht or Sunday
vork! dally receipts $10 to »12: rent $42 50.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
UHKN you want to sell or buy a paying bus!-
nei-s call on HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny st. ; telephone Main 1604.
UREWERY doing *kgood business in a prosper-
ous town of 2<Xi0 'Inhabitants, 40 miles from
San Francisco; *ituate on the principal street
In center of town; dwelling and other bulld-
Inifd on r'reni:«es; several adjacent towns sup- .
l>l!ed \rlth beer; only brewery In the vicinity;
sold on account of death of the owner; rare
- chance to purchase ' a prosperous business:
liberal cred t given. Address GERTRUDE E.
JORDAN. Llvermore. Cal.
BAKKRY— An old established and well Paylnff
bakery In a prosperous country town, wiucn
\\a* both a good store trade and outside
route*: living rooms, with furniture; horses
end wagons: everything complete and in gooa
runnlnjr order; will be sold at a sacrifice: a
preat rhanoe; euod reason for selline. Aa-
dress box 3107, Call office.
rOn~SaIe*— ?3000; old-<utabllshed flower store,
with nursery, hothouue. etc., boiler, horses,
•rsjcnts. plants and trees of all descriptions;
rFtabllnhed many yeaih and doing a money-
rraklnR buslne^B. Particulars CARL CARL-
SON. 600 Halght St. , ¦
PARTNER wanted In one'ofthe best-paying
butcherlns businesBt-H lr. the city; not neces-
sary to understand the business, but must be
willing to woik. 200J Sixteenth »t.
MERCHANT tailoring buslnesi for sale, cheap;
In a country town; rood business; no oppo-
sition: fine chance to make money. Apply
Call office. ,
TOR sale— Bakery doing fine business; 2 horses
& wagons; In first-class condition. Apply
Sno wfl'ake Bakery. Sth & Chester. Oakland.
BARGAIN In thriving town. Davy Crocket
cigar Mtore. Point Richmond, Cal.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established 'at 1096
Valencia yt.
LODGIXG-IIOUSES FOIl SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO.. ' .
i50 Market Et. and 8 Stockton Kt .
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If rou have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
45 rooms; oak furn.; good transient $2500
24 rooms: line furniture and carpets 2250
10 room?; central; well furnished 450
15 rooms; furn.: carpets extra good. 1050
33 rooms; permanent and trans.: elegant. SjOO
IS rooms: rent $Ci: elegantly furn.; perm. 1600
IS rooms: 2 entrances; rent $75; trans 1500
20 rooms; rent $50; water free; pood furn. 10CO
• 24 rooms; furniture new; rent $30 2100
19 rooms; rent $30; clears $70 10W
FISHKR & CO.. 935 Market St.. opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price fS'O; 35 rooms, price $1400.
24 rooms price $1000; 12 rooms, price $550.
26 .rooms, price $1100; 11 rooms, price $225.
8 rooms, finely furnished, rent 530. $500. f.
If a bargain we have them at any price.
16 ROOMS— Only $8 50; fine location, near Mar-
ket; fine transient. FISHER. 935 Market st.
ATTENTION, BUYERS'. I
You may buy nny rooming-house In
th» city, and pay for It
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant hwfes- furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850. Market.
WALTER HAYES & CO.
GREKT
PRESIDENT McKINLEY.
Watch this space next we«k for an unprece-
dented list cf Bargains In Houses.
\ 838 Market st.
35 ROOMS; rent $W; receipt* about $200. ...$850
10 rooms: rent S50: clears $35 per month... 650'
$3CC— Lodglnff-houEe, 14 rocms; very cheap j
rent: wnt»r free: rays Rood profit. HORN,- j
SOLOMON »t CO.. TO Kearny st.
18 ROOMS: M ! ssion st.; rent W; price $725.
12 rocms: Mason Ft.: rent $45: nrlce $730.
19 rooms en Onint ave.; rent $73; price $1500.
13 rooms on Kddy Ft.: rent *."8: price $650.
Kl'REKA REAL ESTATE. 2S Sixth St.
FURNISHED rooming-l:ou?e In pood order for
rent or sale on easy terms. 6 Central place,
off Pine Ft., nr. Kearny: call after 12 m.
JOSEPH BAILtR. 759 Market St.— A good list
of lodglng-hmipeg. j '
~ 'spiritualism.
mrsTjTjT w hit net— — ~
Trance, buMnens medium: life render: exam-
ines ore; nil locations: medical clairvoyant;
treat* eur»-s Kick: cancer removed without
tiee of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellls-
M. rar; sit., fl: letter. ?:. Tel. Hyde S4C1.
WHKlSLtSRJ the trance medium, for business
snd II f» Bffalni; trance circles Tuesdays,
Thursdays nml Fundav*. S p. m., 23c; other
evening". !<V: r^adlntr" dallv. 10 a. m. to 4 p.
m.. tl; lae"le«, Me. C03 Larkin St.. run, 87-SS.
M RS. IXDlTlP IE S. DR_wr"p».veh!c. El ec t rio
nn>! Magnetic HMlcr. Room 14. Sft» Larkin
ft.; tcl. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 0 p, m.
MRS. DR. D"IAN, magnetic healer. 813 Turk
ft.: hours. 10 a. m. to B p. m. ¦ .
MRS. ALICE Al.'PTIN. buslnees and test me-
dium; rlalrvnynr.t; card rfndcr, 713 Post tt.
I2ARLK. C22 Oeary St.. telephone I'olk 1297—
Readings dally: seances Tues., Thurs. it Hun.
KATII* lirTFFMANN. 120 W«»*t Mission St.,
nr. nth-Clr. Fun. & Frl. oven.: Bltt'gs dally.
KniKNDSMlP HsM. ari MrAltlctor— Mrs. O. J.
m— — «m ,<t.i--. A.i%,,. t»t fn «t| «n.n(erht: lftc.
CLA in VO VAATS.
JuI£'tJ_;: BERN A HD. "*
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and lnisiners medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third t>t.. next Examiner bldjf.
{•'he reads your life correctly. Rives an accur-
nte description of the past, reveats the present
happening* and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not ratified In life, or have domes-
tic, love or tiuslnPFs troubles, consult this great
medium and you will I'-.- told how to overcome
th£m. Valuable advire tn all affairs of life;
t.">C up; perfect *allafactlon guaranteed.
IJKOESKE! . ' HROKSKK! BnOESKE! |
The greatest of Psychic and Scientific Palm- j
le>ts. gives advice en all affairs of .life: reads I
your entire life. past, present ar.d future; j
your character, talent, abilities and health; |
. l>erfect Fatisfaction by mail: gives advire in J
* regard to profession, love affairs, business, i
speculation: tliows you how tn avoid misfor-
tunes In the future: send stamp for circular;
palmistry reading fl. 203 Turk st.
MRS. VU. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at .^"f Mar-
ket Ft., corner Golden Gata ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect ratisfactlon guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for pamphlet with
fpeclal terms. Daily and Sunday. — -
AFFLICTED come, we will locate your disease
fre*\ without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feeling of pulse; tell you how to get
well without knife, drugs or worthless Instru-
ments; scientific method of treatment. Nervo-
Path'.c Co.. 13S2 Market, opp. I. O. O. F. Hall.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future: never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret : shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; 25c up: Fat!s.factlon to every-
body: cure diseases by sympathy. 2151J Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
' reader, bcrn with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents 51 palm, and cla:r. sit. il 50. 12S Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1H8 Market, op.
Cth: oriv.ite readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. in.
KNOW your fate: Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny, never
falls: reading". 50c. 8 Hayes St.. nr. Market.
MME. LA ROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
tes» medium, 25c up. 472 Stevenson pt.. cor. 6th
MMK. ZERBDA. the cypsy: palmist, card read-
er; 25c up; leaves May 27. 7 Ssventh st.
MRS. MALLORY. clairvoyant, card reader;
when others fall consult me; 25c. 917 .Howard.
MKS. HROWN. clairvoyant card reader; la-
dles. I5c: gents. We. 152 Sixth st.
MME. RCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
Fittings dally.'448% Jessie St., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and'
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. MELVILL. well k.iown clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th ;German spoken :tel. Howard 1846.
MME. RAVENNA readr- life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. T, Fourth st. ¦
CAItriST MRATIXG, A>I> CLRAMNG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULTMNG'S 1'ione.er Carpet-Beat-
In>7 Works, 353-.T37 .Tehn ma »t. : tel. South '40.'
JONEH & CO.. reliable carpet-elRaners and ran-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth St.; tel. Jesrle 1061.
KUDOLl'II & CO., carp«t-beatlnK works: prices
reasonable, 1703 Harrison; trl. Howard 2351.
SANITARY cleanlnx nr.d dyelnit company, 312-
344 McAllister St.; phone South 148.
CITY Bteam Carpet-Ben ting Work*. O. JI.
BTKVKNH. mgr., 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. 15. MITCHELL Caip»t-Deatlnir nnd Ileno.
voting Co., 240 Fourteenth »t.; tel.Mlrnlon 74.
ADVANCR C«rpet-Clconlng ('<.., 4C2 Suiter it.;
tel. Main 8H4, OHO. WALCOM. Proprietor,
CAPI'IJTH cleaned et thi> lowest rates, HTIIAT*
TON, » Klghth tt.; telephone Jgnnle 944,
CONKLIN'S Csrr^t-Bcotlnir Works, 333 Golden
<3«te live.; t<-lei>Ivine Knrt 128. .
ciiiuoi'onisTt*;, .
1NGHOWN nails, bunions, corns, warts. • rhll-
blulns; t'ulnlcHK curt. ; L»r.' Duncan. 412 Suttsr..
MOXT.Y TO LOAN—Contlnqed.
ANY amount at 6%: first. 2d. and 8d mort-
gages, undivided Interest real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay 'get my terms before, (iota* bnstnes. else-
wherf R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. ?.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by P^lvata
party: no removal: no commission: conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick: lowest Interest: eaay terms: no broicer-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
' highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS on salaries without indorser or i«cur-
lty; Eastern plan. Pearton. 309 Phelan bid*.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos: no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 118 McAllister.
3% on furniture and pianos; $13 up: no removal:
no commlpslon: private. Room SI. 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without s«cur-
Ity-IHLL. r. 44. Merchants r Kx.; 431 Callfnla.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan. TUG
TOUSLEY CO.. 221 Parrott building.
ON salaries or wages: no tndorser required. 3.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 113 Phelan building.
I100.0CO TO loan on real estate or for building;
, low rate. 222 Pansome St.. room t. ¦ , -
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. M9 Examiner botldlng.
3IVSICAL ISSinUJIESTS.
A NXW' WHOLESALE PIANO HOUSE— THE
•WILEY B. ALLEN CO. have opened up an
office at S33 Market St.. ground floor, with
plenty of warehouse facilities above, and
for the time being will do a strictly whole-
sale piano business. We want agents every-
where to represent the line of piano* which
we control for the entire coast— the Everett.
Steck Packard. Hardman. Ludwig. Conover.
Klngsbury. Cable. Jewett. Harrington, and
others will be added to the list. Coed. live,
energetic "piano men" should apply to u»
at once fkor territory and help build up a
most magnificent business. Our prices the
lowest— our terms the most liberal! THF!
WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market St.. Saa
Francisco.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella: $65|2 Chlckerlngs (like
J Heine baby grand new) $200
' Oike new) $325 2 Heine* $313 up
1 Steinway $lS3'l Hallet-Davls J465
And fifty others; rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes, Agents for soraa
of the oldest and most famous pianos In ex-
¦ lstence. Including Hallet-Davls. indorsed by all
the greatest masters; over 50.000 tn use In most
exclusive homes. Heine Piano Co.. 217 Geary.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
S years from date of purchase, and have full
price allc—ed. New . upright pianos. $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE*S "piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
• 314 Post st., opposite Union square. Are now
' prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE, - 314 Post St.. between Stock-
ton and Powell. ~
AT BYRON MAUZY'S. 808 POST ST.
You are Invited to call and hear the Peer-
less electric self-playing piano attachment:
can be put tn any piano: also to Inspect our
piano factory and see how a piano Is made.
Agent Sohmer. Byron Mauzy, • Gabler, Ham-
Hton. Spiel— .ann pianos. ¦
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous«
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S. 28.
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy ths
customer.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son. 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover, 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling. $75. $125. $145. etc. : easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & RON. 18 O'Farrell st.
Chlckerlng. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players. .
FROM now until June 1 w» will have a gen-
uine cash clearance sale of pianos. Custom-
ers can get the best bargains In the city
from us during this sale. Read our display
"ad" In the Bulletin. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS. 763 Market at., city. >
AT WILSON'S Storage, 1706 Market st. an-
r.ther lot of pianos put on sale: uprights, $3T>.
$C5. $100; also very small fine baby grand;
great bargain*, at auction prlcea.
B \RG AINS— Clearance sale bargains; unrlght
planoa, $75 and upward; Steinway, Knabw,
Emerson. Hartman and others; squares $fc)
up. BRUENN. 203 Post tt. ___•
AN upright piano; must be sold: owner leaving.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister s^
WILL pay cash for a good Steinway or Knabo
upright. Box 4191, Call office.
FINE, high-gradn upright piano, «acrtneed on>
acc&nnt of death. 219 Leavfnworth st.
CLOSING out stock of planoii; prle*» reduced
one-half. W, C. HAMILTON. » Flood blrtg.
HAVE «o!<! I piano; have another excellent up-
right at bUf bargain. J. H. Kllgo, »4fl M Union.
LUDWKi planon the mot popular. WILKY B.
ALLEN CO.. general mtentn. tel Market »t.
$3 PRR month rents n beautiful piano. 8COTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 630 Hayes »t. t
$117— MAHOGANY" raw Klseber upright. 217
Oeary it., room 23.
A SMALL Chlrkerlnu upright. $123; 6 uprtzhtn.
eecond-handed; your choice at $110. 217 Oary.
$4'. UPRIGHT. »123 Knab», $133 fitalnway As
Son*, at FAY'S rlanrf factory. 1723 Mlnalon.
AT WILSON'S Ktorage. 1708 Market »t.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song.
BAROAIN— Mv*t be sold: nice upright piano.
SCHM1TZ. 16 McAllister, next itlbernla I^nk.
StTPKHlOTt violin*, zithers, old nnrt new. H.
MTTLT/ETt. mnker. rennlrer. 2 Latham plar».
OFFICES AXD STOIIF.S TO LET.
TO rent or lease— Second floor, KO Market st.,
.opposite Palnce Hotel: At troslne*!* location.
Apply to OEO. H. COVERT. 623 Market st.
TO let— Small store with living rooms. 24S1
Misslcn st.
SUNNY private office or desk room: reason-
able. Apply room 727. Emma Sprc-keln bldg.
LOFT. 20x70." 1C9 Fremont st. Apply at 1C5.
LIGHT. «>unny office* $1> to $20. Emma Spr«ck-
»•»« >in!Min<r. "Tt MarVef rt.
s OIL. ":
COSTA Rica, 10 cents per share, will make you
rich; you cannot lose your money; stock
ruaranteed by S. F. real estate bonds, certi-
fied to by Cal. Safe Deposit and Trust Co.l
pend' for prospectus. Pacific States Mlnins
and Investment Co., 326 Post st.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company;
operating on 2120 acres of otl land In nlna
districts. Office, 23 nnd 24 Merchants' Ex.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good crder; all
sizes: cheap. II. S.' WHITE. 516 Mission st.
OIL LA5DS.
OIL lands for sale or lease In all parts of ths
State. We can furnish you with lands In the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
cr wish to Invest In stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before goin? elsewhere.
PHKA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
PAIXTEUS AXD DECORATORS.
, WALL paper, window shades: rooms papered,
; • $3 cp. Jensen & Bath. 3C3 Sixth: open even.
, rALMISTRY.
hTjEROMeTfOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
; Taylor St., bet. Geary and Post: tel. Dlack 561.
MME. GERMAINE. the business palmist of th«
; Pacific Coast. 9C6 Market st. _____
; Mrs. Lamb, scientific palmist and character read-
: I Ing: lessons In class and private. 204 Kills, r. 13.
; 1'ATCVrs AMP I'CXSIOJ^
¦ A*DVICE~7reeT~no" charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
!¦ BEST -on earth— Wood oolson Itching.' akin
disease*, rheumatism, piles, catarrh, any dis-
ease thUt doctors and old remedies hav-i
' failed. W* guurantee to cure sure. Catror
write for full Information to the old reliable
I Klnr Liniment MedUlne Co., permtinently
located KS Mnntcomery *t., room 22, third
floor. DK9. KINO and JONES.
' CHARLES M. HOKR1DGE. left Radcllft*. nr.
Manchester. England, 11 years •go; was then
" employed In Whltlcher Ulcach Works, Mount
' B.'erra Any Information WQuld be gladly re-
• " reived by hi* mother, MRS. WM. SMITH, «1
' Ka»t Brooklyn St.. N;>rth Adam*, Mass.
» A NRW nnd harmler* discovery, a simple clay.
<i which will turn white hair black, brnwn,
) auburn or red, and blonde hair a rich golden.
In from four to tw«lv» hours, according tu
•hario required. PR. FRANCES C. Stli'.li-
MAN, 4G« Butter »t.
A— IF youf hair Is falling or you are bald, c»H
on vn. O. «J. MOOUIC. 48S Oeary «t.. and you
I will not b« disappointed; thin remedy !• posi-
tively- guaranteed; preparation s«nt to all
parts of th« world; call or sand for circular.
t AN nuthortM with an up-to-date, thrllllnu
1 novel, now in hands ot publisher*, wtll adv#r<
tl*ed. dtstrfts p&rtnvrahtp with n gentleman
, who woulrl benr publishing expanses fir pt.
centaifo of proOtn; rtfer»nces. Box lilt. Call.
. WHITE rnim»l Iron beds. »lngl«, thr«M»-__»rt*r
t or douhlt. $2 25.. 'EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton it., near Droadway.
J_l HELP' WANTED-; MALE— Con; <
A— MURRAY & READY...... ..Phone Main 6843 !
••" ...Leading Employment and Labor Agents... '
....;....... WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY/... ...."i.:. •
. ...¦;./.......¦ WE— SHIP— TO-DAY ......iit..V ]
¦ ...........TO CHATSWORTH PARK
2o .' laborers, hammersmen,^- tunnelmen ". and
; drillers, free fare, wages $1 75 to $2 50 day.,.. ,
S. ?" P.'R.: R. • Co/a Own -Work. . .'. . .We Want
.70 laborers In steel and other, gangs.. ..........
Free Fare.....;.. ......... ....... wages $175 day .
-...............; OFFICE FEE. $1 .". !
to laborers and teammers, R. R. work. Uklah
BIO .WAGES... ....MINES... ...'.BIG WAGES •
6 laborers,' large gold mine......... .'..$73
10'muckers, cold mine, Nevada Co y ...$2 50 day
Laborers for the mines, no -experience..;..."..
/''•''• ; .....$50 and found J
4 machine miners, gold mtne $80 ,
Furnace man, $C3 Single hand miners, $«0 •
Millwright, small sawmill, see boss here; 13
blacksmiths' helpers. $3, $2 50 day. $03, $10 and -
1 found..;. ;..:..-....-...... ....... 3
WE SHIP TO-DAY. ....... J*.....FARE PAID
60 1 laborers, no experience required, for the
; sawmills and. woods, wages $26 a/id found up, '¦
, fare paid; 2 men for the woods who can splice
lines .....................; .....$40 and found .
. 130 laborers, city and country- -$1 75 nnd $2 day. 3
6 laborers, brick yard. no. experience.'.....:..
¦ ¦•••' ....$32 50 and found
••'..... T.]l MISCELLANEOUS
60 farmers and haymakers, $20 and $35, $1 23 !
: to J2 day; 25 mllkerH. city and country, $30,
$35 and $40 and found: choreman and wife, $1
.fare; man for cattle ranch...... $30 and found i
.Choremen and boys, etc
.....:. BUTCHERS— BAKERS-COOKS ..;
Butcher, country shop, $40 and found; butch- ,
er's helper, $25; slaughter-house butcher; 15
bakers, city andcountry shops $40 to $S0 .:
- 60 cooks, city and country; 15 waiters, city }
and country. MURRAY & READY, 634-630
Clay,Bt. . . -<
A-2 BOYS to deliver circulars. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 gay st. j
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207.
, I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
DETECTIVES— We want a responsible man in
every city and town to do secret service work;
$4 a day and expenses for actual service; ret- .
'. erence required; postage. for reply. S Interna- ]
tlonal Detective Agency, Milwaukee, Wis.
WANTED— Six first-class packers; write, glv- 3
Ing age. experience and references. Box 3117,
Call office. , . ; , :. ;
WANTED— Amateur, clarionet, • flute, ¦ piano
players for orchestra. PROF. If ARKIE, 104S
Mission st. ¦ • . ¦
WANTED— A good barber; steady work. Palace ¦
Barber Short, corner of Greenwich and Lyon •
-sts.. Presidio. ; J . '
WANTED— Good union barber Saturday and
Sunday, . $5 SO. 10-18 McAllister st. ¦ ¦ •
GOOD barber Saturday and Sunday, $J. 3095
Sixteenth st. , near Valencia. ,
TWO barbers wanted; one steady;. wages S3 .
to $1. : 797 Mission st. . - '
BARBER wanted for Saturday only; $3. 628 .
Broadway." ¦ ,
PERSONS everywhere who can write merlto- '.
rious sketches, articles or stories; good pay. <
Literary Bureau, 303 Caxton bids., Chicago.
BARBERS— The Byrns Hotel barber shop and !
bathhouse,' Woodland, Cal., must be sold this
. week.. ¦• ¦ ;'< .-
BOY who lives In the Mission to drive butch-
er wagon. 2707 Howard St., near, 23d.
WATCHMAKER for cheap. work by the dozen. ¦
Apply at once 22 Taylor st. _______?.!
JEWELERS. 32S Bush St., third floor, room 4. ;
FOREMAN on \ bread and i foreman on cake.
612 Kearny st. ¦ . ' . . r . > •.. •
WANTED— Bread bakers, helpers and ccinfec- ,
tloners; no fee. 127 Mason: St. i
MAN to carrj* advertising sign on street; elder- ,
ly man preferred. 342 Kearny st.
DISHWASHER wanted.' Myrtle Bakery, 204
Sixth St. . '
SECOND barkeeper wanted. 30 East st. .
GOOD waiter and dishwasher wanted at 1507
Market £t. ' . ,. . ¦ -
COATMAKER for country." Apply REISS ,
EROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter. st. y .
ALL sizes men's shoes. BUgntly damaged, half
¦ price. : 662 Mission wt.. bet. 1st and^gd sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine' corps. U.
S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men ot good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch, able to read and speak English. For
i further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st, San Francisco.
WANTED— Men to 1 ram the bnrber trade; we
teach the work In 2 months; donate complete '
outfit of tools; -give Saturday wages; grant
diplomas j and pay $15 weekly when compe- ;
tent; the new barber law Increases demand
for our graduates; catalogue and particulars
free. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 631 Clay.
WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class ' carriage gear and body maker;
steady employment to right party and flrit-
cIosb wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO.,' Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— At Restaurant Keepers' Associa-
tion, 127. Mason it., reatnurant help of all
kinds; male and female: register at once:
permanent poMtlona; good pay^ ¦ ¦ '
WANTED— Loborerit and mechanic* to know
thnt F.<i Rolkln. Heno House proprietor, (till
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; l.'.O largo
rooms: 2Ic per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Shoefltters f-n dry «nd wax thread
machine*. WENTWOKTH-SWITZER SHOE
CO., M Main gt. ¦ ' ¦ :
WANTED— A good honest boy, 10 or 17. to take
care of bicycles; board, lodging and wages.
, P. II. PETERSON, Sun Rafael. ¦
FIUST-CLAFS custom uhlrt cutter: none but
first-class man need apply. 12 Telegraph ave.,
Oa k 1 and, room 12; call at 7 or 8 p. m. •
WANTED— Young man to do porter work In
'saloon nnd learn business. Apply after 8 a.
m. at 4fl East st.. city. ______
EXPERIENCED, reliable middle-aged man
for • elevator' only; regular hours. SMITHS' ¦
;, Cash Store, 25 Market st.' •• :
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS. ]
¦ '¦ Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2, ¦
¦'G. A. R., room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market.
WANTED— Strong'boy to learn a trade. Super-
intendent THOMAS DAY CO.. 725 Mission st.
COYS' wanted, about 16 years of. age. Cali-
fornia Barrel Co., Twenty-second and Illinois.'
GOOD tailor on coaU; steady work; good '
wages.'. 135V4 Natoma st.
BARBERS— Good 2-cha!r 15c shop,for $125 to- ,
day. DECKELJIAN i;ROS,, 106 Ellis st. •
YOUNG man . residing home . to learn liquor
; business. . Box 4101. Call office. ..
GET your phoes half-soled while' waiting; 25c
¦to 30c. 562 Mission St.. -bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Card writer and sketch artist for
i advertising work. -Address box 4194, Call.
S BARBERS— S-chalr shoo for sale .cheap. 14 '
*¦-' Turl:%st. .. ." -. \ ¦ - - - ..
WANTED— ECO men to' buy new . and 2nd-hand
'army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade; : cataloarue mailed .
. free. -S. F.' Barber School, -741A Howard st.
WANTED—- Two ' trocd city ¦ salesmen. WHITE
-SEWING MACHINE CO.. 300 Post St.
"AT. oash prices for $1 per week., men's £Ults to
. order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearnf st.
.PENSIONS— J. II. SHEPARD ft CO., attyp..
•,; Hearst bldg., Third and Market,- room S16.
.WINCHESTEK-, House-. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— "CO rooms;. 25c. night: reading-rooms; free
"'• 'bus. and baggage to and from ferry. .
CLASSIFIED advert'sements'and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office. 220O Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions , has been established at 1098
y Valencia gt." ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' . • ' ' '¦ '" '.'¦''.> '
1 ! " " t^i -'' }?* G " ' r }-
FOn SALE— Ono French ' coupe, one glx-scater
• with canopy top. one high trap, two or four
ipfople; harness, for each vehicle, ¦ all In best
¦'of condition; iwllL be sold at a grent ad-
' vantage -as owner Is going abroad. Califor-
nia Stablen. 1611 California St.
40 '¦. HORPES ', for sale': also wagons, buggies,
• rnrti". harness. Grand Arcade Horpe. Market,
'327 Sl*th pt. ; auction' sales every Wednesday.
;SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers. •
40 YOT'NG horses nnd mares. 'broke, from'llCO
to UOO. pounds; -a!so 40 work mules for sale
- thli« week'Pt'. the.- Canty Ranch, ': Grayson,
.Stanlflaus County. Cal. :.
FOR SALE— 1 team of hackney bred mures by
/ Paragon. 'California' Stables, 1C11 Callfor-
nla' st; . ¦"¦-:¦ . " . . ¦ '.','¦ . ¦ •
BARGAIN— Strong go-cart;. patent shafts; sult-
' . n ble for ¦ butcher, . newipapers. collector. '. 1923
Howard. tt. . " ...
GOOD buslneps horsi' and new buggy for sale;
." horpe a'gnod -tniveler. ' Napa Soda Office, 147
V New.Montcomerys.t;. . ' . . ¦ .,
fi.F. VETERINARY College will comm*>nc(» U»
/¦ 8d , session June Jft.; CatnlotniPi by , applying to
' v M.Ij. Pancoast, ' Sec, 610 Golden Goto ave.
23 .MILCH, cown, .part Hnliteln* and Jeraeys.
Addrejs box 3121, Call office. ¦¦ ' , ,
ALL kinds of wiRons, bmrgle^, rnrtn. harneis,
etc.. cheap. EQAN & SON. 2117 MlMlon st. ,
GROCF.R8'" wagon unU top;. nearly new; clump.
1414Pln« pt;. ' ;-. , ' • .¦ ' ,i) -
GOOD Inixlneps lior»rs, 1 ' wagon yhnwn, heavy,
i- light.' fqpt pacera and trottem. '781 'Ilnwnrd Kt.
AN,/ A- No. *-l ¦ expreim i wagon, single, ' nlxo llnhi
- camplnR wagon., for, sale chrap. W2 Mlinlon.
CI-ASSII'"1ED 'ndvpnlMmrntn nnd «ub«-r>tl(nV
reci'l vrd ' At Call branch : office,' 2200 . l-'lllmoro."
¦1-.V' HOUSES; TO LET. :
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for dr-
. cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FINE house; 10 rooms and bath: 7C9 McAlllater
St.. near Gough; rent $S0. JOHN.PFORR.
4C3 Pine ;at. ¦¦¦.-.- - ¦ : : . ' - '
$S— FINE house of 3 rooms freshly decorated.
: with enameled sink and patent chimney; Its
own toilet. 310 Clementina st.,- In the yard;
- key 7S2 Folsom st. . ~ "' ' *
$45.00—8 ROOMS; large finished basement; suit-
alle for dressmaker; large yard. 1613 Buah.
HOUSES TO LET— Flin.VISIIED.
A DESIRABLE furnlehed upper flat. 1 6 rooms:
near park. 731 Shrader st. : Halght-st. cars.
HOUSES WAXTED.
MODERN^ 6-Toom cottage, with stable; eood
location; in Mission or Western Addltton.
W. OTTO. 26 ai!nt ave.
sup vn has hopses^
FOR rent— Furnished „ cottare: Santa Cruz
Mountains; 2% miles from Wrights; 5 r. and
' hath; hot and cold • water: • porch 54x3 reet.
THOMAS THOMPSON. Wrights, or 131 Beale.
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM, suggestion, personal magnetism.
etc.. privately.. Oeo. W. Burke. 618 O. Q ave.
LOST, AXD FOUX1).
LOST— Diamond stud. In San Francisco, Oak-
.land or on Los Angeles express May 15. Re-
ward will be paid equal to value If returned
to W. B. HARKUB, E60 Twenty-fifth at..
Oakland, Cal. ¦ . ¦ r r-* ¦
LOST— 3 drafts of $200 I each on Centerberg
Bank. Centerberg. O.; also $23 In currency.
In this city; payment stopped: liberal re-
ward. Return to B. "H. CHRISMAN. 871
Peralta St., West Oakland.
LOST— Lady's Gold watch. Initials F. E. C.
Will finder please return . to 21 Elgin Park
and receive reward.
LOST— Box containing engraved , gold ' cross.
Return 277 Oak fit. ; reward. . -
LOST— Small fox terrier: spot over right ey»:
reward. 1121 Mission st.. saloon.
LOST— Corner of Van Ness ave. and Geary St..
either In car or on street, lady's brown purse,
containing $13 gold.' Finder will receive re-
. ward for return to cashier. Call office. Claus
SprecKela building. -
IX>ST— "A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan. Society of San - Francisco, In the
name of CATHERINE KELLY; No. 249-830.
The finder will please return to bank.
FOUND— Spitz dog: brown back. Owner can
have same by proving property, paying ex-
penses, at 411 Greenwich st.; call at 7 o'clock
p. m. ¦ ¦ * ¦ ¦ "- . - ¦ ¦ ¦
Wanted— Old goM for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MACHIXEnV— Boiiplit, Sold and Ex.
GASOLINE engines, 2d-hand and other machln-
ery bought and sold. EPSTEIN, 638 Mission,
MATRIMONIAL. .'
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis st.
ALL contemplating . matrimony send 10 cents
for "The "Wedding Bell." 18 Mason st.
MATTRESSES AND UPHOL><TKltY;
MATTRESSES and pillows: tel. South 792; to
order or renovated, feather and hair cleaned;
expert carpet cleaning; strictly reliable.
. HQPKE BROS., 318-320 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL.
A — RENOWNED specialist; those who- desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
- perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no ether treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G;W>O'DONNELL, 1013 Market.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give
Instant relief for all female complaints: the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market St.. next to Owl Drug Store.
IMPORTANT notice to ladles— No medicine or
pills used; 37 years' experience; In all cases
satisfaction guaranteed; cure In one day; call
en a physician with men's knowledge. DR.
POPPER, medical specialist, 12 Mason St.,
near Market.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
comp|alnts-«r money returned; my regulator
; never falls; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain: best care: fea low; consult free.
MRS. DR.- ALLEN, 1118 Market »t., between
Mnron and Taylor.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market, ladles'
upcclallfcts; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, nupeflor to any other: positive cure
guaranteed at office: patient* treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation fr«e.
DR. nnd MRS. GOODWIN. 1933 Market, bet. 6th
A 7th— Expert specialists; well known and re-
liable.; 25 yr«. experience; treatment Ruarant'd
to give Instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent specialist*; commit fr»c.
MRS. DR. WVETII, rcllablo specialist; 28 ym.'
euccevttful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any aliment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post, liet. Hyde and Lnxkln.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOIt SAL13. '
BOILKRS. engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 1*5-197 Fremont at.
DAR9. back barn, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, bnnoom chair!", linoleum, ne~ and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
ono floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021, 1023
Mission st., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
AS I am retirlns from business I offer a $1000
burglar-proof safe for $330 and a . fine piano
for $30. UNCLE HARRIS, 13 Grant ave.
I AM retiring from business; bargains In dia-
monds, watches. Jewelry; goods at your own
prices; take your choice. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave. ,
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shifting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 21S Spear st.
TYPEWRITERS at | any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 129 Montgomy.
WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 23 H. P.;
will exchange for gas engines. LIVINGSTON,
558 Mission st. ' -..'-..
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine."
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. - MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, of all kinds bought,
sold, rented and exenansed. H. S. WHITE,
518 Mission St.
HOUSE for sale, to be removed. 1S0S, Gough
St.; inquire on premises.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and join. KROGH MFG. CO.
SECOND-HAND fire and burglar safe at C. J.
• PERIAM & CO.'S. 42 Main Bt.
WE 'pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 23 Stockton st. ' .--
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
ENCINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 1S9 Beale st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand:
all sizes: guaranteed.^NEWELL. 56 Bluxome,
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st
SAFES— New and. second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1C9-1U Market st- San Fran'
. 'MlSCKLLA.NEOt'S WANTS., ~~P
WANTED— i steam tugs. »l=e from' 65 'to 75 fen
long; either will purchase o* charter them
¦ Addrws Tu*s>, box 361S. Call office.
WILL pay cash for good second-hand truck
Box 3123, Call office.
WANTED— To do : painting In exchange foi
home and wagon., 1981 Twenty-fifth »t.
GASOLINE -englnea ' nnd other maehineri
bought and ' Mid." ' EPSTEIN. " 38 Mtwion »7
TII.TON wonts good rtcond-hand clnthln* i\n.
theatrical goods. 154 N'lnth; tel. »Foli>nm 2Sr».i
I __' : _jllli,\K»' 'IP LOAN. ' "
A-MONKY to loan at rate* which peopl~Tcni
• afford to pay -on furniture, piano. Jtc • .1
- h, 01 . ho , TT . ovr , 1 f , row -friends or you 'will fo»
their friendship; do business with stranger
'. and youwlll be b«tt»r ut_n«d: no delay • n,
•..¦.publicity. Rooms » and 10. ;>C0 Market at.' .
IK .YOUR PROPERTY -. .••.-.. ... — ~"
and you: need morA rn'onVy! »o 9 h. murph't
83(1 Nfirlc" m U Loans on 'muim In ' protaU
ANY proposition.* any amount; « per cent- first
. lne(tBteK,,lcziicies; corporation lonni chnite
' ' r'hr^'. 1 ? • ""^r-curltl/H. ™, ui?m w 1st i "r
Chronicle. building. -;HALI/3RAN ft OLSTC.V
"llhJri| V -ii l r peCt * lllet . 1 . prlv "l"' ll " c * t0 obt «"
.. kt.; tcl. Main ltfU.'; Uranch WiThird it. r
COLLECTION .OFFICES.'- U|.
GEORGE wf KELLY' S Agency— No charge un-
less successful.. Room 310. 927 Market st. , ;
;. DENTISTS. . }
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm., 7, Flood bldg., you can
have. your extractions done painlessly;! teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 SO up: plates, extractions free, $4 CO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. . M. ' P. , ¦ Manager. '
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings • ,by . my
' wonderful secret, painless method; 20, years';
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrellet. •
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50: fillings,
COc; platen, $5: full 'bet: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist In order to build up a prac-,
tlce will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
¦ Office U41 Polk St.. cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
A new thing In gold filling; no hammering as
before; absolutely no pain: Investigate; cxam-
Inatlona free. Idea) Dental Co., 6 Eddy,r.44&32.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 2S5 Kearny, cor. Hush— '
Full wet of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.'
DR. R. L. WALSH.815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates J5 up; phone I'olk 1133.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg...
LOWEST prices in S. F." Painless extraction,
60c N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission st, cor. Cth.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
< days. 10C1 Market st.,. corner Sixth.' •*¦' ¦ .
SET of teeth without plate." • DR. H.'O.*
YOUNG. 1311 Polk st. ' .
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & millinery School —
Claps rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market at. ¦'¦¦¦'
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL. .
GALLAGHER*-^MXRilFcolTere", Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and- bookkeeping; . Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS; COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
. S. ¦ F — • Bookkeeping, shorthand, : typing,, lan-
guages, telegraphy,' English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
& night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRESV Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
6 eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50: individual
Instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
pchool for the university, law and medical
colleges;, references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tions guaranteed to it by written contracfand
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkin st. r~-
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec..mlnlng,mech.,8ur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eves est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand rosts only 160. San Fran-
cisco Business Collece, 1236 Market st. .
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beglnneYs; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures: short
time. TARR, exr>. acct., 220 Parrott bldg. "..
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed. to new quarters, rma. 40-43,
Parrott bldg.. Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
WANTED — A few pupils In all branches In oil
painting by very competent lady teacher; 50c.
Box E, Call office.
SPANISH lessons: new practical method; full
• course ?10. 5C9 Kearny st. .-..
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar. Prof. Merki, 1003
Mission; concert May 29. Union Square Hall.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping. Krammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1C24 Mission, nr. Cth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 nasres. in wranner. for mnlllne.Jt per year.
EU^CTKO-THE^APUTIC-^
Electrlc-Chcmic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood &. constUutlon.il diseased..
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium.- 8 Mason.
EMPLOVMKXT OFFICES.
ITALIAN Labor Supply Co.. 24" Montgomery '
ave.. tel. John 14S1, will supply labor free of i
charge; specialty of railroad help, . farm
hands, miners, gardeners, fruit' pickers, etc.
JAPANESE Employment Offlee and House-
cleaning Co.; best help: send men nt short
notice. 1125 Butter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2.111.
JAPANE8K nnd Chlnene help of all kind*;
cook*, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Pest at.; tfil. Uunh 135.
ORPIJEUM Employment Office— Japanese.- Chi. !
nese help, 42G Powell. nr.Hutter; tcl. Black 5072. \
JAPANESE, central hounrclpaninK and employ-
ment; nil kinds help. 104C Sutter; tcl. East 203,
RICLIAML1C Jnpunene-ChineKe employment of-
fice; all. klndi hrljj. 313 Htockton; Muln 5183.
CIIIN168K ami Jannnroe employment 'of flee—
lien help. 411 '^ O'Farrell Kt.; tel. Enut 42C.
K M PLO __j IS XT ' WA XTi:n— FI'iMA LF..
AN experienced woman wonts work In lunch-
house, boardlng-houite or restaurant to wait
or aitslst In kitchen; to work from 9 to 3.
Call or addrets 9 Tehama et.
BOOKKKEPEU— Young lady, expert account-
ant, desires position; 10 years' experience.
I^ox 311J, Call ofhee.
WANTED^— Uy a competent person, cook and
laundress; also by young ' woman, light '
housework. S2S Geary St.; no cards.
WOMAN wishes a position as housekeeper or
work In a grocery store. Call or address
7 Clara st. , :
WANTED— Place In small family to do cook-
ing or funeral housework. Cox 2239, Call, of-
fice, Oakland. "¦
WANTED— Work by the day; general house-
work. MRS. II.. 12A Clara Et.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do plain cook-
ing and housework or upstairs work. Call
120 Twelfth Ft., down stairs. - '. ,
DRESSMAKER. late of New York, wishes to
go out for J2 a day. Apply to MRS. N.
WAHLQUIST, £09 Kearny tt.
REFINED woman: housekeeper or ¦ managing
housekeeper for hotel; fine cook; no objection
to country. Box 4130. Call.'
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 30 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
. '„ and baggage to and from ferry..-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received «t Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been, established at 1096
Valencia ft. *'. ¦ '¦ ¦:' ¦ - ' ¦ *' ¦
BMl'LO YJI KXT; WANTED— -3IALE.' 1
COOK wishes work; is also a '¦ good gardener;
can do housework; generally handy. Address
Cock. 316 Minna Et. '. ¦ • . ' .
YOUNG man, German, sober and steady, good
coachman j nnd gardener, wants ( position In
city or country. Box 3118. Call office.
YOUNO man with 6. years' experience In busy
office desires position, or will accept any other
l:lnd of work. Box 3105, Call office. -,,..
CAKE and bread baker wants situation; strict-'
ly sober; country j preferred. Box 4133. .'Call.
RELIABLE, nober. man : desires eltuatlon '¦ tn
' private residence; good -gardener; handy man
with horses and cows; general work nil round;
city or. country. Box 3110, Call office. -I
GOOD br.rber wan'.u situation In -sorrie small
town:- la also, a good musician. Address box
?lC6,;Cali; .. . ¦ ¦ " -' ¦¦..¦'¦ .¦¦••-
GOOD middle-aged ! hotel waiter desires steady
position. Inquire 207 Montgomery ¦ avenue.
New Atlantic Hotel. , .' ,
MAN and wife, with their own help, wish to do
the work nnd take' charge of . a ranch; gool
¦ . references. J. D.. 144 Juniper st. -„ ...
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been . established at 1098
Va 1 encla rt. ' .' ¦. ' ¦" ¦ ' '• • ' . ¦ -]
CLASSIFIED advertisements anrt- subscriptions
"received nt Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore et.
¦'- ieath ekTr knc;vating ; '. . ; .-'-'
Feather beds,' plllown.ihair mattresses steamed.'
. purified. Owen McCabe," 870 Mission.- cor. .5th.
KLAT.H, TO LET.V.' .
ELKOANT nunny fiat. U2J McAllister st^T*near
.-. Flllmnrn; 8' room* and bath; rent $45.
MODICUN Cat of 6 rooms and. bath. .- 1810, Eddy
-street.. .'' . ¦, , ¦ . ¦ ' .. : : ¦ ¦' ; :
MODERN , upper flnt of 4 rooms at B41 Sun-
. che» »t. Key otSlO 1^ Waller «t. ....-,
BUNNY upper, flat; 5 rooma and bath.' 1012
¦ Thirteenth tit.;' near Bcott. ,\
8 noOMfl ami lucili; stationary, tubs. 62 Con-
% verKo Ht., off Bryant, bet. 8th and Pth.^ , -. .* ¦/
$2o^LOWKR; 0 sunny rooms; craw yard, etc.
41 H 111 »t.y near Ouerrero.' " , ¦> > ,
$12 60-M9 BHIPLKV. nuar. Sixth, flat 4 room*,,
bath, nan; nice yard. •••¦.. ¦ rt- •¦•••
. KLAT.S, 'ro > l lj:T~FnriiliilVril.7 \
ADULTS; ; 4 rnoniw. Imtli; 2 l^dn; rxi» nivl coal
•tuv«si| nil ;nocctiiarUa. .'.'1917 Ueary; hi. 1 ¦', . -
.*_ '.'-': FPRJflTlihE J FOB SAL^.*Jl
• WE will . furriilh^your"house on monthly pay-
;' • ments. 5 A. B. .; SMITH . Furniture . Co., . .; LJS
\: and . 122 . Ellis . st. .¦'¦,' • '- " •' •
4 ROOMS furnished 'In oak. $4S 50 .with No.
¦' range. King. Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ASSORTMENT of • 'furniture, • carpets^ and
stoves; 1 give us a" trial. UK Mission st. \
FURNITUItE WANTED.
TO receive hlghcsT value for 7urniture, carpets,
etc.. 'Bee .W.E.Cody, 757 Mission;, tel. Red 3ou3.
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 Kearny. buys &
soils your bus!, merchandise, fur., carpets, etc.
WANTED— Furniture for 5 or 7 rooms;. must
: be cheap. ¦:¦ Box ; 3116, ; office. ''"¦".
IF you .want to~sell furn.. mdse., etc., ' »ee J/ A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st. ; tel. James IjH,
WJFORE; disposing of " your furniture :• see
: Golden Gate Auction Co.. 928 Howard st.
ART. goods and fine furniture bought. Indiana
Auction Co.. 117 1 Sutter st.; tel. James 141.
A. WOLLPERT, . 773 Mission *t.. pays highest
.price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 13j4.
Auctioneer— L. Vlncent.1303 Larkin; tel.Polk 691;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash..
CMAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.: tel. Jessie iGl. -
HELP, WAXTED — FEMALE. ;
-.-n.- L -'_-,_ . > •--_¦_-.,._.'. ¦' ¦"¦-""
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant lio
I HOTEL i DEPARTMENT ....-
German man man wife.. t 60
Man day clerk, wife chambermaid .'.....
.For lodging-house, see party here.............
Cooks, laundresses, waitresses, chambermaids
•' to wait for hotels and' restaurants, springs,
; city, and country, fare paid and" best , ot
. wages. . -.'• a ¦ .-. ...-. . - .
.'. ..FAMILY DEPARTMENT .....
Cooks, houseglrls,, second girls,
city and country, from $10 to $30, fare paid
to all places in country. •' . •
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...1M Geary st
A WOMAN for i'-iy work, hours 8 to 6, steady
.:',work, ?laday. „ • *
' C. R. HANSEN: & CO. 10* Geary, at. ¦
A JAPANESE cook /for summer resort.' For
particulars apply ' " ¦ ».
C>R. HANSEN & CO... 10< Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, 5 family, no washing, Menlo
-;Park. $35; cook,' 2. family, no washing Menlo
, Park, $33; 4 cooks, German style, with and
without washing, $30; laundress, $2o; laun-
: dress, r country, $35: laundress for : institution,
$25;' 2 cooks for . summer resorts. ¦ $30, , $35 ; 4
1 waitresses for . summer resorts, $20, $2o;_8
waitresses "for restaurants, city, $8, $3 week;
•; nurse.-' l: child, $20; 60 gfrls for all kinds of
- housework; city and- country. $20, $2o. $30.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
MIIS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
JIT HOTEL DEPARTMENT ........:..-
6 waitresses, different resorts, $20; 14 wait-
resses, city and country hotels; $20 and. $2o;
5 chambermaids to wait, $20; I pastry cook. *40.
.: H FAMILY DEPARTMENT '. I
Cook. 2 In family, country. $30; housegirl.
San Rafael. ?2o; 20 housegirls and cooks, city
and country, $20 to f30. MRS. M.E. DAI
6 CO., 2S5 Geary st.' ' '.
AN experienced chocolate dipper for retail
store; best wages; young girl for candy fac-
tory, $.4 a week to begin. MRS. M. E. DAY
6 CO.. 335 Geary st. '¦' '¦
GIRL to assist housework and care of 2 chil-
dren; country. , Apply Saturday forenoon,
3540 Clay st. - ..¦ ¦¦ * ¦¦ - ¦-- ' - ¦ '.'
WANTED— By prominent business house,
. bright, sensible woman, over 28, to travel; $50
.and advancement. Box 3122. Call office.
GIRL wanted to assist' with light housework;
', German' preferred. '523 Olive ave. '•:.-.
WANTED— Experienced hairdressers at 234
O'Farrell; good salary; call bet. 2 and 4 p. m.
WANTED at once, experienced hands for
dressmaking: 7J2,Van Ness ave.
YOUNG girl wanted to assist with light house-
work. 7S2 Van Ness ave.
GIRL for housework: small washing.' 2621 How-
ard st...near Twenty-second. • ¦ : ¦ ...
SWEDISH or German cook; Home restaurant;
' good wages. 1528 ; Polk Bt.
A GIRL or woman of middle age. the latter
preferred, for general housework in country:
family of 2. sometimes 3; quiet home: wages
. $10 a month; must be Prctefetant or of no re-
; Ilgtous affiliation. Address P. O. box 62,
; Centerville, Alameda County, Cal.
EXPERIENCED 1 operators ¦ on electric power
sewing machines on' white and golf shirts at
GUEENEBAUM, WEIL & MICHELS, 531
: Mlralon ft. •¦'¦.¦' ¦' ¦
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; also learn-
ers. O. W. REYNOLDS, 5S7 Mission St., cor-
¦ ner Second.- > • ..'¦••
WANTED— Experienced operators and finish-
ers on shirts nnd ladles' waists., EAGLESON
CO.. f.35 Market st.- ; ; , ' -•¦•'¦
OPERATORS wanterl at Levl Strauss & Co.'»
overall fiictory, 32V4 Fremont Kt. Apply ; to
MO. PAVIH. .¦•-¦¦ ___
HAIRDRESHINO thoroughly taught In 2 wks.;
< ntlrf coiir«.- $5; pogltlons guaranteed; big sal-
ary at start. Halrdregxlng College, D74 Geary.
fTrST-CLASS Jacket h^nds at ,- B. MESSA-
GKR'S. H5 Pott »t. ¦ .
FinST-CLARS fhlrt" hands at, li MES8A-
GER'B. 145 Post «__ .
KXl'HRircxCKD flntFher to work on flrit-clasi
coats. 334 Kfarny >t., room 0. ' ¦
EXTRA good pny for experienced hands on silk
waist*. J. STEINIIART. 220 Sutter st;
WANTED— Girl for hounework; no washing;
steady place. 918 McAllister. «t,
WANTnl>-Alteratlon hnnds on ladles' coats;
steady place. 1022 Market st^ __^
l'OL'NQ clrl to assist light housework and enre
email girl; gocd home. 1CCC Geary st.
NEAT girl for light upstairs work; must un-
derstand mending. 11S0 O'Farrell st.
GIT5L for general housework; small family; no
children. 106 Treat ave.
NURSEGIRL, 16 or over; wages $10. 117A
Bartlett st. I i
CLASSIFIED advertisements and snbscrlptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
.subscriptions has been established at 1096
' Valencia st. . • :
IIELIV 1VA1VTED— -MALE./
AT~cTRT7l!\NSE>r&^:O. '£.... Phone 'GranTlSo
-;•,.. "^.WANTED FOR NEW R. R. WORK.....
ICO teamsters, Bakersfield ...."....... "2
, 100 teamsters and laborers, Uklah. '.........:. $2
1C0 tunnel men. , Chatsworth Park..:...?M2 50
, CO outside laborers for tunnel... '. .$175
1C0 laborers for ballasting track....... $175
Ship Dally ............:Free Fare
.........:......... mechanics :v. .'.'..'...'
Chief engineer and electrician who can run an
alternating • plant, , $75 , and .. found, : see iboss
¦ here;, carriage painter, $50 and found; wheel-
;;, wright, $50 and found; lf> blacksmiths, $40 and
$50 and found; 5 blacksmiths' helpers, $150
' and found ; carpenters, $3 50.
MISCELLANEOUS .;.-.... ....:..:
10 farmers, $35 and found, $1 25 a day and
found;. 20 milkers, $30 and found; man 'handy
., with tools around - a hotel, ¦ $33 • and . found :
choreman, same place, to mllkr a couple of
• .• cows, : ?25 and found; 10 men to pile r lumber
and work around a' sawmill, country, $30, $26
¦and found.: , • , - . . . v ',»¦! :
-..HOTEL DEPARTMENT
• Head cook, summer resort.. ...'..: $100
First and second cook, country hotel.. ;.$60-$10
•' First and second cook, country hotel. ...$55-M0
¦ Bread and cake baker, country hotel..'.;. .'..$60
-¦ Baker, restaurant ....^ — ..".. .$60
French broiler ...'¦ • $70
3 head cooks, city ..$SO-J90-$100
Short order cooks .....$15-$16
Pot washers . and dishwashers $25-$30
..Middle-aged head waiter, reaort ........$40
, Head laundryman, country hotel. $30 and found
Washer, 1 who can starch and run boiler, steam
. laundry, $40 and found; waiters, 'bellboys and
porters, country. hotels. -; '
C. R..HANSEN &»CO. '.'.... 104 Geary st.
AN extra cook, $4 a day. K , , ¦
: C. R. HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary st.
COOK and wife' for Institution,' $60;" bakers 'for
. . country chops, $40, »50 and found: 2 restaurant
cooks, $12 and $16 week; young man.for deli-
cacy store, • $5 - - week and , found*, '• waiters ;
fourth hand baker for country. $i week, and
; many others, jj; .F. CROSliTT, & :CO., 62S
Sacramento st.' . ' . ! ' ' ...¦.•;' ¦
STOCKHBRDER," $30>and ' found: 'groom;'$20
and; found; gardener,', $30 and .found; • man
about : place, $30 and found; 4 'choremen for
% smallplaces, $10, $15, $20 and $25 and found;
'' canwajiher, $45;. young man for milk depot,' $25
! nnd round ; buegy; washer, 1 $45; Partners,, mllk-
. ers;, miner*, $2 .day and board- and ; . $2 day;
laborers for mill, $26 and $30 and. board; car-
men for mine, 1 $2 day, : and many others. ; J. F.
CROSETT &CO., 628 Sacramento Bt >, , :•..
AT THE " CAL. ' EMPLOYMENT \VGICNCY. • I
•Mi Third St.; i phono- Bush 405.
to railroad laborers.%11 75 to $2 per day. '
. Freec fare. ;;.*.".;;. ".Free fare...... ;:.;Pree fare
, 20 laborersifor country,' $1 85 to $2>per;duy..
,,, 40-laborern for' rock 'crusher,' $2 'per. day. •, i
7 quarrymen, $2 per day, board $4 CO per week.
1 10 mill; and 'Woodsmen,- free fare,' u hip to-day.
¦ (I men to'cut wood; tl 25 per cord.'.' . '
0 men to make pickets,' $6 per. thousand.
i 4 milker*, country, !$40 per "month and found.
•10 haymakers,' $1 25 to '$2 per. day, nnd. found.
. 10 lumber iillerH,* $35 to $45 month, and board.
3 mliitiH, (3 <.ier <I^y«"'i^^HCti_|_S%_M
1 bu r foreman, ,%l to per day. ' . ¦ ¦ T ¦ ¦
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12
k , Pustry : cook' and , baker,-, $00; • nlRht porter, $25;
1 rnnort second -cook, $40; bfllboy. $10.-. v, ¦¦¦ i"y
1 CHOREMAN i for country, < $23. fee , party here;
" 2-bpllboyp. olty. $10.- MI18. *M. J~. DAY ¦ &
. . CO.. > 335; Geary, «t. T ; ,
PA NTS ¦ pressmen > wanted ' for i 8. ' N. , WOOD . &
yfCOr.j Apply; n t ! factory, ¦ 27 Peary; wt. . ; . >;,-'
X'NlJKHl'lTKHHIiUH on p» ntn wsntetl ¦ liy 8. N.
WOOD & CO. « Apply ul'lactory. 27 Geary.st.COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Thirteenth Page.
Cent L A P... 8 —
Equitable 8H —
Mutual 4% 7
Oakland 50% El
Pacific Imp.... 344 86
Pacific Lt 42% 43^4
Sacramento .. — —
S F G A E.... 37% 38%
San Francisco. 4 —
Stockton 74 —
Firem s Fund. 235 245
BANKS..
Anglo-Cal .... 73 80
California ....408 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO7 —
First Nat 309* —
L P A A 147 -
Mer Ex (l!q). 16 —
S F National. — 115
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1890 —
Humboldt .... — —
Mutual 60 —
San Franclsco.615 —
Sav A Loan... — —
Security 275 —
Union Trust.. 1400 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....US 135 O S L A H.... 40 -
Geary 47H — Presidio — SI
Market 70 70H
POWDER.
Giant 76% 78 (Vigorlt t\i —
SUGAR.
Hana VA Vi Kllau-a 174 —
Hawaiian — 64 Makawell 39'* 40
Honokaa 23 22U Onomea 20 U
Hutchlnson ... 19tf 19% Paauhau 26V4 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Alaska Fack..l24%125U Oceanic S3.... 44 45
Cal Fruit Can. »6 — Pao Aux F Al. 2 —
Cal Win* Asn. 99ft — Pao C Borax.. 147H —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint 16 —
Morning Session.
¦ Board— -. •
105 Alaska Packers' Asm 125 00
75 Contra Costa Water 80 00
25 Contra Costa Water 80 25
$5000 Hawaiian C A 8 Co 6 per ct bonds.101 75
135 Honokaa Company 21 75
5 Oakland Gaa 60 75
$4000 Oakland Water 5 per cent bond*.. ..104 25
173 Paauhau S P Co 2« 60
$10,000 California St R R bonds Ill 00
SO S V Water 8« M
Afternoon Session.
230 Alaska Packers* Assa US M
» Giant Powder Con 76 M
475 Honokaa S Co MOO
25 Honokaa B Co, b I M 00
10 Makawell *> *}
100 Paauhau 8 P Co MM
12000 8 F A 8 J V bonds U0 71
1000 AUska~Packers' Assa 125 l»
13 First. National Bank .........110 W
$3010 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds, .111 7»
$30<)O \a* An«celM Lighting 5 per et bda.100 M
S Market Street Railway 70 M
BAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns BfMlon.
Board—
BOO Cal Standard - »
1000 Cal A Utah Oil Co M
3 Hanford ....;•. »* CO
800 Occidental of W \ft «
100 Twenty-Eight 1 M
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1000 Cal Standard « «
1000 Cal Standard, • 10 « «
500 Cal A Utah Oil Co M
600 Four Oil Co «
1 Hanford WOO
(00 Lion U
1000 Monarch of Artiona 43
2000 Petroleum Center 05
100 San Joaauln O A D Co ISO
PRODUCERS' OIL, EXCHANGE.
• Morning Session. ' »iy
Board—
200 Cala-Standard *T
600 Four **
608S Independence 1«
8000 Petroleum Center ¦ «
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Four «
33 Hanford „. MOO
800 Hanford. Fresno, Kern River 10
200 Occidental of W Va «3
200 Occidental of W Va " M
100 Occidental of W Va «4
200 Superior .".«;-,»
M1NINO STOCKS.
The folio-win* were th« *ale« In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
' Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 56 f 100 Occidental 03
100 Challenge 10 1100 Overman 13
150 Con Cal & Va..2 33 600 Union Con 23
100 Gould A Curry. 12 100 Union Con : 23
600 Mexican 21 250 Yellow Jacket.. IS
"Afternoon 'Session. '-,"¦'.*
100 Belcher :. 09; 100 Ophir '....'. 105
100 Best & Belcher IS' 100 Overman 14
1400 Con Cal & Va..2 50 100 Potost 04
2300 Mexican 21' 100 Yellow Jacket.. 18
The following: were the tales In the Faclflo
Stock Board yesterday:
Mornlns Session. ;].[, -
400 Best & Belcher 28 200 Mexican 20
1000 Bullion .*. 03 300 Ophir 100
200 Caledonia 63 100 Potosi 04
800 Chollar .., 07 300 Union Con 23
100 C C & Va 2 35 SOO Union Con 23
200 C C & Va....2 SThL
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher .....:.. 09 600 Con Imperial... 01
100 Caledonia 60 400 Kentuck OS
400 Chollar 07 100 Ophlr 10%
250 C C & Va 2 45 800 Ophlr 1 05
150 C C & Va....! 47H!1300 Ophlr 1 07%
200 C C & Va..... -S 501.500 Utah 06
. . ¦ ¦
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. May 17—4 p. ra.
¦'- Bid. Ask. I
Alpha 03 03
Alta '. 02 04|
Andes 07 OS!
Belcher 08 10
Best & Belcher 27 29
Bullion 03 04!
Caledonia ...... 50 54!
Challenge Con.. 10 12 j
Chollar-... .....'. 06 07)
Ctniidence 65 60
Con Cal & Va..2 40 2 45
Con Imperial... — fll
Con New York. — 01
Crown Point... 13 14
Eureka Con.... 06 — !
Exchequer ..... — 02
Gould * Curry. 11 13
Hal« & Nor.... "23 • »'
Julia t ... — 03
Bid.Ask.
Justice 04 OS
Kentuck — W
Lady Wash 01 —
Mexican 20 H
Occidental 03 04
Opnlr 100 103
Overman 13 14
PotOSl .......... 03 04
S*vage 13 14
Scorpion — 04
Seg Belcher.... 01 03
Sierra Nevada. 17. 18
Silver HU1 30 35
St Louis 0« —
Standard 4 00 4 10
Syndicate M —
Union Con...... 23 23
Utah 04 OT
Yellow jacket.. 17 W
OAS AND ELECTRIC.
C R Eager, Cal
M H Sterling & child.
Piedmont
E H Dodd, TJ S N
Mra G A Daugherty,
Salinas
B F Shephard Jr. Cal
C Teague, Fresno
P Johnson. N Y
W Armstrong. Cal
W -V Macy. Chicago
G H Stewart. Lemoine
J Nelson. Leadville
C D Lewis, Portland
W H Braden. Portland
R W McGllvary. Cal
W A Kldd. Bkrafleld
G H Stewart, Los Ang
L A Whipple, Los Ang
Mrs 8 Itunyon. Cal
J A Rico A w, Cal
II S Dexter & fam. Cal
G Mlghavacca, Napa
H Karberg, Kan City
A D Bishop & w, Cal
A J Burnslde. Nat City
W W Gephart. 8 Ditto
M Compton, Waahlngtn
WII Marshall & w.
Cal
C T Robtnton ft w, Cal
L Schtlltg, Yuba
I W Boyd & w, Saeto
8 M Duartrt, Monteray
JIImm LAS Curterl.
Ban Joi*
Mrs Q Griswold, Ohla
J E Wooley, VacavllU
Miss Sanford. Vallejo
G T Barrow A w. Cal
G B McCord, Hanford
J Manasse, Hanford
N Welsbaum, Hanford
W B Andrews, S Lak*
C M Brown & w, Cal
G C Me Mullen. Sac to
W A Cooper, S Jose
r W Cameron & w. NY
J K Wasebergr. Rosevl|
W Kaseberr. Rosevlle
W R Shilling. Cal
E L, Klmkel A w,
Anaconda, Mont
J Horton & w, Cal
J L Worth. Gr Vallty
F Zimmerman, Cal
W D BurdeU, Ind
R R Dunl&p, Ind
S O Wright, Ind
J S Martin. Arls
B L Webber, Napa
F W Noble A w,Ma«
P J Hlatt & w. Oraftn
3 L Ralph A w, Cal
F D Btephenson. Beattl
B F Wetherly, Boston
O F Peabody, Mass
Mrs O F Peabody.
Massachusetts
Helon Pmbody. Man
M D Jacob*, London
L Carter!, San Jo**
PALACE HOTEL.
P u Jones. 8 Mateo
CUM Ververt, Oaklnd
O rc Sanderson, Oaklnd
\V K Joseph, Ohio
II V De lioii, Cal
D J Harding, Boston
U P lirooke. Bakersfld
It fthaw, Bakersneld
J C Holland. Krle
I, A ltettlngtr, N Y
it V Graham A w, Owl
1) W a Hendry A w,
Los AngelM
II I< Drew, 8 Bernrdno
w A Farlsh, Denver
Mrs J k Plater, L Ang
Mrs 13 Knrl. Los Ang
MIm Wad.lllon. L Ang
r A Htorden. Arts
A I Nash, Boston
Mrs O Uamnes, Bacto
Mrs J D Stlnson. S Crx
A A Kahn, N Y
M Hlrsch. Part*
B Hanford. N Y
C K Denlson & w, Bstn
J R Walnwrlght & w,
Philadelphia
A L Levlnsky, Btktn
W O KVrckoff. Loa A
II W K#ll«r. Loa An*
8 J JTopklna. Saeto
Mrs W T Small. Bacto
Mtxs At Small, Bacto
F Taylor A w, 8 Joie
I* Fra*er Jr. Phtla
1C I^achlan,* Janan '
J It Mull, Philadelphia
V Leonard, Nev
J C I!Uokw«ll, !nd
O n Webb, Ind
t) Murtock Ind
O W Hough. Ind
J W Ituckley, Ind
F A lUpt", Chicago
A O Jnntu, Chicago
C t'rovimtl. Chicago
O W Furey. N Y
It K Hhnw, Stockton
H W Keller, Loa Ang
O W Lloyd, Randsbrg
O K Starr A W, Phil*
N Decker. Stanford
H J Thayer & w, Chla
H Jarrptt A w. Phtla
E A Holmes, Ohio
W E Wolf. N Y
T Mansfield. N T
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs C D Lancbad.N T
Mrs H Woodward.N Y
H Smith, New Orleans
W S Roblnltt. 8 Jose
W B Kewltt, Redding
W Gilbert. Redding
J P Lacerda. Redding
J Johnson It w, Lompc
J T Hogan, Lomooc
C D Quald. Vallecltos
Mrs J T Grey. Lompoc
A Dunning, Butt*
I. Maack, Butt*
J Crankey. Butt*
L> Bottjer. Butte
J D Wedekind. Reno
G H Wedekind. Reno
F L, OhI. Reno
W Brufter. Mass
W A Phelps. Mass
A L Ademan. Mass
HOTEL AUBIVAXS.
i '
GRAND HOTEI*
: F. H. •" Keyes ,- (owner) with "" Felix Marcus
(contractor and architect)— All work for a two
story . frame dwelling on lot on E - line of
Seventh ¦ avenue. .100 S of Lake street. S 23
by E 120- $2425. X , . .- .¦'¦;,• ¦
t.Agnes H. ; Phelan (wife of:. William J., 1 owner)!
with same contractor and architect— All work |
VC. Schef tel (owner) with Valentine Franz
contractor, William Koenig—Excava
tions, concrete, . brick, carpenter, mill, stucco
and stair work, plastering, .tinning, glass, glar
ing, ' hardware and electric* work for a three
story - and basement frame building 1 (flats) on
lot on S line of Page street. 106:3 W of Cole.
W 25 by S 155; $6230. .'¦> . s
Same to David Baker, lot on NE line of Twen
ty-second avenue South, 300 SE of K street, SE
BO by NB 100. lot 423., samo;:*5C0. . - -.;.
; Builders, Contracts.
John'H. Rlppe (owner) with Thomas F.
Mitchell (contractor), architect T. P. Mitchell-
Carpenter and brick - work, plastering, patent
chimneys, hardware, lumber, giass. tiling-, mill
and electrical work and stairs for a two-story
frame building (dwelling: and store) on lot en
SE corner of Bryant and Twenty-fourth streets
S 80 by"E 30; J2400. ..
Same to Franz Wleshert, lot. on NE line of
Twenty-second avenue South, 400 • 8E of K
street, SE 60 by NE 100, block 423. same; $500.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to Bertha
Wleshert, lot on NE line of Twenty-second ave
nue South, 350 SE of K street, SE 60 by NE 100.
block 423, South San Francisco Homestead and
Railroad Association; J300. .— ..-«
•Estate of Adolph, Sutro (by William R. II.
Adamson and Emma L..Merrltt, executors) to
George Towns, lot on SE line of Woodland ave
nue, at corner of lots 9 and 10. block A, Sutro's
Addition, NB 122-.H4. SE 123:5. SW 44:7%, NW
95. W 7, block A, Sutro's Addition; $425.
Cornelius - J. Flatt to Charles W. Ridgway,
lot on NB line of Sixteenth avenue South. 73
NW from G street;. NW 50 by NE 100. block
SIS/Hunter's Tract, quitclaim deed; $15w .
M. Ballln to Matllde Quertana. lot on E line'
of Wheat street. 75 S of Paul avenue. S 23 by
E .100, block 6, Garden Tract Homestead'Addi
tion; $5C0. f» r Wa»*"5* - '
John Wanamaker occupied the chair at
to-night's • session. Dr. w. • H. Roberts,
treasurer of the .twentieth century fund,
preecnted a supplementary report show
ing the receipts up to noon to-day as fol
lows: For boards of the church, $106,030:
for collages and Academies, $336,642; for
Young Men's Christian Association, $117,
464; mlHCAllnneouH, $14,000; for local funds
on churches, S1.081.CS4; for improvements
In local churches and building new
churches. $l,C37,013. Total, $3,397,03f Thl»
amount has boon contributed by 1000 of
the 7800 Presbyterian churches In the
country.
Dr. floberts stated that he had to-day
received Information that In ¦ St. Louis
«ub«crlptlons amounting to $180,000 had
been received nnd bad not been Included
in tho report.' He was. also Informed: he
said, that one-half of the amount required
to remove tho mortgage on tho Presbyte
rian building. In New York had been
raised. This was not Included In his re
port.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark., May 17.-At the
opening of the second day's session'of the
Southern Presbyterian Assembly, Dr. J.
C. Mullory of Owensboro, Ky., offered a
touching prayer for Mrs. McKinley'* re
covery. The presbytery of Brownwood,
Tex., asked for a modification of the pas
toral letter in reference to dancing, urg
ing that the words "dancing, which is
Innocent." be expunged from paragraph
two of the preamble. There were numer
ous overtures protesting against the in
sertion of a footnote to the confession of
faith on the "elect Infant clause" and
they were referred to a special commit
tee composed of one representative from
each synod.. • , „ . .
Bothln, lot on KW.llne of Folsom street, IS5
BW of First. SW 80 by NW 80: J13.600.
Edith C. or Edith Millar (wife of Thomas) to
Sarah C Kelly, lot on N line of N street, 32:6 K
of Twelfth avenue. E 75 by N 100; $1000.
William W. Donnelly to J..S. Smith, lot on E
line of Twenty-seventh avenue, 100 N of S
street. N 25 by E 120; J10.
Dr. Purves said he believed this end
could be more quickly reached by the co
operation of the different branches of the
Christian church, which for various rea
sons are now separated. Mr. Spver'8
topic' was "The Speedy Bringing of the
World to Chrlit." He urged earnest ef
fort In evangelization.
Any assault upon. the fundamental conception
of man's relation to God Is the most dangerous
of all the problems with which the Christian
church must deal. The problem lies in the re
lation of religion to the Intellectuality of man.
We want religion that will command' the. ra
tional assent of the human mind. The solution
of this problem is the definition and defense of
the supernatural in history. It is our Intention
to face the doubt of the twentieth century with
an affirmation of th» transcendant, supernat
ural, self-revealing God. This relation of the
organized church to social progress is another
problem. How shall the organized Christian
church meet the social requirements of the day?
We must appeal to men's hearts and con
sciences and we must save the individual
morally.
The address of Dr. Purves on "The
Problems of the Twentieth Century" was
a presentation of the. conditions now. con-
Irontlng the Christian church. Among
other things Dr. Purves said:
The New Century's Task.
"Well," responded tho President, "I
hope you won't revise out of It the doc
trine of predestination." .
"Let us hope," said Dr. McCook, "that
as our beloved President sits by the bed
side of the noble woman whom he
wedded in a Buckeye Presbyterian
church this goodly doctrine may be a
comfort to him, whatever the issue, and
that he may say with resignation, 'Not
my will, but thine, be done.' "
The speakers at the afternoon session
were the newly elected moderator, the
Rev. Dr. H. C. Minton: the Rev. Dr.
George C. Purves of New York and Rob
ert E. Speer of New York City. Dr. Min
ton spoke • on "The Divine Purpose De
veloped -in the Progress of the Time,"
and said, in part:
The page of the past Is but a transcript of the
progressively unfolding Idea, and even to us It
must be clear that the history of man can be
known at all only in so far as in the same
sense It is the outworking of an intelligent
idea. The reformed churches have compared
revealed truths with the wiser thought of the
human mind, and they have found them testi
fying In harmony that the only key which win
fit the problems of world-history is the single
truth tfcat God rules.
"So you are going to revise your con
fession of faith V" To which the commlt
teeman replied, ¦ "We are going to con
sider the Question."
The Rev. Dr. McCook'a. address was
principally a history of the Presbyterian
church. In speaking of the doctrine of
predestination he referred touchingly to
Mrs. McKlnley. He stated that President
McKinley, on meeting a member of the
revision committee, remarked to the lat
ter: . . <
President on Predestination.
During the course of his remarks Dr.
Craig said the worldwide problem ot uni
versal evangelization could only be solved
when nations were brought Into contact
with each other. *
"Wo must annihilate distance." he said.
"We must subjugate nature and come
fece to face with the people whom, we ex
pect to convert." .
To-day waa devoted exclusively to a
proper observance of the occasion, and
prominent ministers and laymen from all
section* of the country participated In the
exercises Incident to, the celebration. The
twentieth century meeting , was . in pur*
suance of a resolution adopted by the
General Assembly In St. Louis last year.
Tho programme was laid down In tha res
olution of the assembly.
John H. Converse, LL.D., of thta city
presided. The celebration began with the
singing of the long meter doxology, fol
lowed by an invocation by Dr. Minion, tho
now moderator. Addressed were made by
tho Rev. Willis O. Craig, D.D., LU !>.. of
Chicago, who presented a review of the
nineteenth century, and tho Rev. Henry
C. McCook, D.D., S.C.D., of this city, on
"Profrresn of tho Presbyterian Church In
th« Nlneteeth Century.' 1
PHILADELPHIA, May 17.— Although It
has been for years tha custom of the
Presbyterian General Assembly to begin,
the real business sessions of the meeting
on the Friday following th© opening day,
an innovation was Introduced thla year
In tho form of a twentieth century cele
bration In the Academy of Music.
Notable Addresses at Gen
eral Assembly in Phila
delphia.
Presbyterians Talk of
Twentieth Century
Work.
EVANGELIZATION
THEIR PROBLEM
for a two-story, frame dwelling on lot on E
line of Seventh avenue, 123 S of Lake street.
S 23 by E 120; $1900.
Leander S. Sherman (owiier) with Charles
Stockholm (contractor), architect Reid Bro*.—
All work except plumbing, electric work freaco
ing and mantels for alterations and additions
to a residence on lot on N line of Green street.
143:6 E of Flllmore, W A J22; $11,823.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. SATURDAY, MAY 18, 1901.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
W. O. Long to Mary J. Long, lot on north
line of Page street,' 205 • E of Lott, E 25, N
104:2V4. NW 25, S 107:5V4 (quitclaim deed); $10.
T, B. and Annie E. Draper to Margaret Mc-
Donald, lot on east line of Tremont avenue,
696 8 of Frederick, 8 25 by E 80; $5000.
Frank A. Hlgby to Henrietta C. Hlgby, lot
on north line of California street, 105 E of
Walnut, E 32:6 by N 107:6%; gift.
Henry E. and Lola B. Monroe and John D.
and Eliza S. Tallant to Horace G. Platt, lot
on southwest corner of Washington and Laurel
streets. W 137:6 by S 102:8Vi; IW.OOO.
Warren D. and Maud H, Clark to same, lot
on west line of Laurel street, 102:8% B of Wash
ington, S 25 by W 137:6; $2100.
Horace G, .Platt to Maud H. Clark (wlfo of
Warren D.), Jot on southwest corner of Wash-
Ington and Laurel streets, W 17:6 by 8 127:8%;
$2600.
Frank and Isabel W. Morton to John J. Wlrt
ner, lot on south Una of Clay street, 220 W of
Maple, W 65 by 8 127:8%; $3600.
Hlbernla Savings nnd Loan- Society to D. W,
Montgomery, lot on W line of Mission street,'
63:4 N of Willow avenue, N 23:4 by W 10: $3300.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Amelia M.
and CharleN EgKors, lot on northwest corner of
Hurt font and Eighteenth streets, N 100 by W
2ti; $SSOO. '
John or John P. and Anna Janson to Mary
Rohlffs (wife of ISdward Rohlffs). lot on W
line of Hamn*hlr<> street, 03 N of Twenty-first,
N 2S by W 100 i $2000.
Thomas II. »nd Harsh D. O'Connor to John
F, Uoyd, lot on N Itne of Pino street,' 92:6 W
of Front. W US.N 01:*, IS 60, N 14:4, K 45, H
106; $90,000. |
Peter nnd Mary A. ray to Mary A., Sarah
Rose, Peter J., Katft C, James A, and Louts*
It. Fay, lot on Ntt corner of Vall«jr> and
LcAvenworth stieets, V. 23 by N 109:0; gift, ft
Winifred Gallagher to Mary A. Coyle, lot on
W line of Leavenworth street, 100:> N of Ellis,
N 18:7*4 by W 77:6; gift.
Ernest Hahn (by M. F. Vandal!, commission
er) to German Savings and Loan Society, re
record 1750 D. 836, lot on 813 line of Clara
street, 150 SW of Fourth, BW 25 by SB 76; $2119.
Christian and Klerstlno Jensen to James and
Martha McCloskey, lot on W lino of Vermont
street. SOO N of Nevada* N 23:4 by "W 100; $2000.
Estate of R. R. Hammond (by William II.
Hammond, administrator) to John Hays Ham
mond, lot on SE corner of Twenty-fourth
(Sonoma) and Rhode Island streets, E 50 by
S 100; also lot on SW corner of Twenty-fourth
and De Haro streets, W 100 by S 125; also lot
on W line of De Haro street, 17& S of Twenty
fourth. S 125, W 25, S 100, W 35, N 100, W 150,
N 25, E 100, N 60, W 100, N 25, E 100, N 25, B
100; also lot on NB corner of Rhode Island and
Twenty-fifth (Tolo) streets, E 100 by N 25; also
lot on E line of Rhode Island street, 150 8 of
Twenty-fourth, S 25 by B 100, quitclaim
deed; . ¦" ¦ '
Charles H. and Geslne Koster to Joseph B.
Coryell, lot on w line wf Pennsylvania avenue,
225 N of Army (Colusa) street, N 25 by*W 100;
$4000. '.,••'-..
San Francisco Land Company to F. H. Keyes,
lot on E line of.Seventh avenue, 100 S of Lake
street, S 25 by E 120; $1000. H.
Same to Agnes A. H. Phelan (wife of William
J. Phelan), lot'on E line of Seventh avenue,
125 S of Lake street, S 25 by B 120; $1000. \ ' .
J. A. and Theresa' F. Boyd to S.- Osterhout,
lot on E line of Van Ness avenue, 62:6 S of
Francisco street. S 60, B 123, N 25, W 25,. N
26,. W. 98;.$1000. '.- •
i S. Osterhout to J. A. Boyd, lot on H line
of Van Ness avenue, 112:6 S of Francisco street,
S 25 by E-123^ $1000.
Estate of Lazar or Lazard Jovovlch (by John
A. Drlnkhouse, administrator) to Julius C.
Toiidy, lot on N line of Bush street, 165 W of
Pierce, W 27:6 by N 137:6; $3750. - ,
James T. ' Donahue to John Denhard, lot on
N line of McAllister street, 100 W of Devlsa
dero, W 25 by N 100; $8000. . ¦/•
- Merchants' - Loan Association to John I.
Peterson, lot* on SW corner of Eureka and
Twentieth streets, S 100 by W 100; also lot on
W line of Ashbury street. 446 S of Frederick.
S 60 by W 106:3: also lot on N line of Geary
street, 89:9 W of Wood, W 51 by N 81:3; also
lot on E line of Sanchez street, 27 N of Twenty
sixth, N 24:4 by E 80; $18,000.
; Horace G. • Platt to ¦ Spencer C. Buckbee, lot
'on: S line of Washington .'street, 37:6 W of
Laurel, W 50 by S 127:8%; $5000.
Mary B. Taylor to Eliza Eckel, lot on S line
of Clay street, 135:4 W of Cherry, W 28 by S
127:8%; $2000. •'• - ' ->' .
-John E. and Margaret C." Hill to Abraham
H Kramer. ¦ lot on W line of Noe street, 173
N Of Twentieth. N 25 by W 125; $3000. •.
Mercantile Trust Company of San Francisco
vs Edgar E. Sutro. Harry Collins, William C.
Spencer and as trustee W. A. Young, Henrietta
L B. Sutro and as trustee Adolph G. Sutro (by
Edwin Schwab, referee) to , Mercantile Trust
Company," lot on. N line of California street,
87-6 E of Montgomery, E 25 by N 114:4; $62,720.
Daniel • Rogers to'Mary K. and Emma P.
Short, lot on.N line of Geary.street, 137:6 W
of Powell. W 27:6 by N 137:6,. quitclaim deed;
$500.- ':'/: - • . - '-' ' ' "' '¦¦;' '¦ ' '¦-'' ;
Richard Valentine to Nelle P. Moulton' (wife
of F F),"lot on W line of Mason street, 23 N
of Pine.- N 23 by W 62:6. to correct 1369 d: 23; 110.
Arianna Whlttiam (Lawrence) and George E.
Lawrence to same,-same,- quitclaim deed: $10. r
¦• Nellie P.;and F.-F. Moulton to'.Caroline A.
Kast,-same; $7000.' .-' t ": " ' < -.;--:
'. Mary A, r F. and John Raff erty to Henry B.
15
SAUSALITO REAL ESTATE^ j
SAUSALITO residence for t-ale; the beautiful
home of WM. O. BARRETT, within 3 min-
utes' walk of depot; large modern house of
20 rooms anl 2 baths: completely furnished;
private (?as works; fine well; magnificent
view of bay; large grounds, under high cul-
tlvatlon. Apply S. G.'HINDES. 330 Market.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
170 ACRES on .mountains; small! house, barn,
furniture, tooll: good grain and pasture land;
beautiful place: exchange for, lot In 8an
Francisco or small place in country. Box
8675. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
HOUSES built In any part of AlamMa; $300
cash $25 to $30 per month. J. • H. YOUNG,
builder. 1243 Park Bt.
ALAMEDA ROO3IS AND BOARD.
FOR rent— Suite 2 rooms In Alameda, with
board: location central: surroundings best;
references exchanged. Box 4104. Call.
FRUtTVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
A SNAP— Modern B-room house; $250 cash, bal-
ance SU 17 per month, principal and Interest;
large lot: east from near station and school;
connected with srwer. P. H. BLAKE, Frult-
vale P. P., Kast Fourteenth st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFlCE—lMfr BROADWAY.
OA KI.AM) UKAli 1SWTATB.
WILLIAM J. DINOBB.
OAKLAND RBAL ESTATE.
Auction!
Auction!
Auction!
Auction!
Auction!
Auction!
Auction t
1 Auction!
Auction!
Auction!
SATURDAY, MAY 2 6, 19 0 1.
SATURDAY. MAY 2 5. 1901.
8ATURDAY. MAY 25. 1901.
SATURDAY, MAY 26, 1901.
At Salesroom,
SOS BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
Bv Order ot the
Executor* of the Elizabeth Hutchison Estate.
The following property must be sold to close
the estate:
Business property on 14th St.. between Wash-
ington and Clay; one of the best business
streets in Oakland; opposite the City Hall and
the Hotel Touralne; lot 60x100, now occupied
by tVe Sanbom Nursery; this is the only lot
In the business section of 14th st. that can be
had; all others are Improved.
Telegraph-ave. building lots: four choice lots
fronting the avenue; 43 to 60 feet frontage, 140
feet in depth: the finest location on the ave-
nue; Just north of 26th St.; easy walk to train;
electric cars pass the property.
On 26th St., near Telegraph ave.; 5 beauti-
ful building lots, 40x100 each; on the north
side of street: they get the sun all day; the
street work is all done; fine location; close to
town; between two electric car lines.
Piedmont; nearly two acres on Vernal ave..
at the end of the car line; choicest residence
site in Piedmont; overlooks Oakland, Alameda
and San Francisco; no winds; no fogs; climate
perfect; 308 feet on the avenue by 260 feet in
depth.
Fronting Broadway. Birch or 60th St., Ver-
nori or 61st st. and Diamond st. ; 26 lots, as a
whole or in subdivisions; lots 2SxU0 each.
Claremont lots, IS in all, fronting Claremont
ave., Hudson St.. Hardy st. and First ave.;
fine chance to get them at your own price; In
subdivisions.
Four acres on Pleasant Valley ave., close to
the Piedmont electric line; very fine piece of
land and will surely double In value; adjoins
the property of the Realty Syndicate. -
Arrangements have been mads to «ecur© 75%
of the purchase prlc-n should loans be deslrrd,
m>M>'aM* In annual Installments, Interest pay-
able quarterly at the rate of 7Vi% per annum.
TITLES AHE PERFECT.
Abktracts and certificates of title mad* by
the Miocker & Holland Abstract Co. furnUhed
to dste pt sale free of expense to purchaser*.
Bend for C&taloruti.
WILLIAM J, DINOEE.
Ml Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— IN the heart of town; cosy, pretty cot-
tage home with bay-window, basement, stone
walks and nice open lawn; only a block from
Broadway; email payment down; Inducement
for all cash.
GEO. W. AUSTIN 8c CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$15 PER month— Total only $1000; cottage of 6
rooms; sunny side; handy to San Pablo ave.:
walking distance of downtown; street and
walks complete; a snap for a home or Invest-
ment.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OAKLAND FURXITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN ave.. 102— Three nice housekeeping
rooms for rent. i
ELIZABETH, 12, near Guerrero— 5 sunny fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; rent $15.
ELEVENTH, 120—2 sunny rooms; modern con-
veniences; stove and bath; $12.
ELX.XS, 639, cor. I^arkin — Large sunny bay-win-
dow; wooden mantel; use of kitchen.
FOURTH. 225— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; also single.. ;,-.• ,. j .
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 847— Elegantly furnished
j suite for housekeeping or for 2 gentlemen;
references. - . ¦
HYDE. 408— Sunny front alcove complete for
housekeeping, $20: also basement suite, $16.
LARKIN. £04—2 rooms for housekeeping, J10;
large front and back room, $8 and $10.
LEAVENWORTH, 405. near Ellis— Furnished
and housekeeping rooms. ¦ ,, .-,
MARKET. 2482—2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
bath; private family: adults only; $101
OAK. 119— Sunny front room furnished house-
keeping; gas; suitable 1 or 2; $5.
TURK, 613—2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$10 per month; 1" large unfurnished room.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦'." . •_ • ,. . .. • ,
A. WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
• 16 pages, In wrapper,- for mailing, fl per year.
ROOMS. TO LET — Furn., nnd Unfurn.
AI^LBORN~IIOTKL, Z21 G^rant"Tve .— BesT»l~a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms. 50c up: meals 25c: free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms.
23o to $1 per night; fl 25 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURKETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. . -
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny St. —
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
ELLIS, 597 — Newly furnished sunny rooms, en
suite or single. ¦ •¦ N
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
II per week. _^ . .. ¦ -
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast CQrner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny " rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL ST. DENIS, 24 Turk, near Market-
Steam heated, fireproof, new building; new
and elegant furniture; single rooms and
suites with or without private bath; hot and
cold water, electrlo light and return call-
bell in every room; elevator and. full hotel
service; rates 7Sc per day and upward: ref.
HAMPTON place, 17. oft Folsom, bet. Second
and Third — 4 sunny rooms and yard. '¦' ¦' "
JESSIE. 363, rear Fifth— Furnished rooms, $5
nnd $6. '.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms }2 a week up:-3So a day up.
METROPOLE, 6 Turk, cor. Market— Newly fur-
nlshed rooms from too to 13 per day,
NEW house, 309 Fifth— Nicely furnished bay-
window rooms; gas, running water; $8, $10 and
|lt month. ¦ -.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
office*; elevator; flee, lights; day, werk, mo.
ROSrcDAI.E House. 819-321 Ellis st.— Room*,
night, 25o to II; week. II 25 to 14; op«n night.
ROVAL Houio, 126 Ellln-Incandcsccnt Hint;
rwidlns-rooin, smoking-room nml Indies' pur-
lor; room*, per nltht, 85a to fl 50; wtek, 12 to
IS; month, |S to ISO; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot nnd cold water; baths.
8HKKMAN Apftrtmrnt House, 28 Eighth it,,
n*ar Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH, 228V4— Neatly furnished single rooms
for men; It 23 per wpfk up.
THUS Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
poms, tingle »nd en suite; beautiful grounds.
TURK, S6S (The Lake)— New house: newly fur-
nlnhfd; board optional. Phone South 422. ,
UNION. 1184— Nice sunny furnished rooms; cars
pass the door; reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. • ¦
ROOMS AND HOARD.
C^LTroRNTATsbT^An^
ant rooms and surroundings; good service;
popular rates. ; ¦
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sunny
suites or single rooms; private baths; excel-
lent table and service. ¦
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel, 718 Valencia St.. Mission
warm belt— Good board: fine rooms; reason-
able rates; cans jmss the door.
WANTED— An elderly lady to board In the
country; terms very reasonable. Address A.
L., Sonoma, Sonoma County, Cal.
PINE. 1006 (The Victor)— New management;
thoroughly renov.; sunny suites, with board.
A* FAMILY hotel, Wllmott, 728 Sutter-Sunny
rooms, excellent table and service.
HOTEL Repel ier, 781 Sutter— Newly furn.;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 :!arket-SuItes. 2 or
8 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
THE GAGE, 428 Geary— Nicely furnished rooms;
excellent service; board optional; references.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415 First
St., between Harrison and Bryant.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-19; tel. 6SS0.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
SECOND-HAND machines, all makes at al-
moBt any price you want to pay; all kinds
rented 12 mo. 145 Sixth st. : phone Mint 16.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 20S 4th.
STORAGE I AND n )Y^"^"^ Jg^-^
PIBRCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,'
office Post and Powell sts. : tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates. '
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for lesr money than any
house In the city; rentals, /|3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
DISSOLUTION OP PARTNERSHIP.
NOTICE of dissolution of partnership— Notice
Is hereby given that the -partnership hereto-
fore existing between the undersigned has
this day been dissolved by mutual consent,
and the business will hereafter be carried on
by the KRIKG TANNINO COMPANY. All
bills against the firm of RUSBRLL & Ma-
KAY will be honored on presentation at the
office, 37 Stevenson st., Ran Francisco,
.IAMKH 11. IllTSSKU,.
WILLIAM McKAY.
Dmtftd May 18. 1901.
PI VIDBNU NOTICES.
DIVIDICNU " NOTicB^Dlvldend No, 01 (twenty
onu r*r share) of th« Hutchison Sugar
1'lantatlon Company will Im payable at tho
office of th« company, 327 Market »t,, on nml
after Monday. May 20, 1901. Transfer books
clou* on Wednesday, May 15, 1901, at 3
o'clock p. m. E. II. BHWM)OW, Hoo.
LEGAL ADyBRTisiONUNTt.
IN the Superior Court lu and for the City and
County of Hun Francisco, State of California
—In the matter of the estate of KUUENE
TAN1KIU". deceased.
BTIENNB TANIEnH. executor of the last
will and testament of EUGENE TAN1ERE,
deceased, having this day 'presented and filed
herein his duly verified petition praying for
an order authorising him as such executor to
borrow money and to make. a note, and to
mortgage the realty hereinafter described, for
the purpose of paying exlsttng notes and
mortgages and costs and charges of this pro-
ceeding and of procuring a new loan:
And lt appearing to this court from such
verified petition that lt Is ¦ necessary and
proper that such order should be made;
IT IS NOW ORDERED by said court that
all persons interested - in the estate of said
decedent appear before this court on MON-
DAY, the 27th day of May, A.D. 1901, at 10
o'clock in the forenoon of said day, at the
courtroom of Department 10 of said Superior
Court, at the New City Hall, in said city and
county of San Franclcco, then and there to
show cause why that certain lot, - piece' or
parcel of land, situate, lying and being in the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, particularly bounded and de-
scribed as follows, to wit:
Commencing at the northwesterly corner of
Hyde and McAllister streets, thence Wester-
ly and along the northerly line of McAllister
street seventy (70) feet; thence at right
angle* northerly one hundred and fourteen
(114) feet and six (6) inches; thence at right
angles easterly severity (70) feet to the west-
erly line of Hyde street; thence at right
angles southerly along eald line of .Hyde
street one hundred and fourteen (114) feet
and six (6) Inches to the point of commence-
ment, being a portion of the parcel of land
known on the official map. of ¦ the city and
county of San Francisco as fifty (60) vara
lot number 1338,' or some part thereof, should
not be mortgaged by »ald petitioner, executor
aforesaid, for the sum of twenty-two thou-
sand five hundred ($22,500) dollars, or such
lesser amount- as to the court .shall seem
meet, and reference is hereby made to said
petition now on flla herein for full par-
ticulars. .
¦ It la further ordered that a- copy of this
order be published at least once a week for
four successive weeks In the" San Francisco
Call, a newspaper of general circulation,
printed and published in the city and count;
of San Francisco.
Done in open court this 26th day of April,
A. D. 1901.
' ¦' ' J. V. COFFEY. Judge.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The follosving marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Henry M. • Bull, 44, city, and Anna E. La-
tham, 33, Oakland. s -
Richard St.. Clair, 35, city, and Marie L.
Bonacina. 23, 3031 California street. '
Robert Hutton. 43. 694 Fourth street, and'
Lizzie .McDonald, 29, 2385 Howard street. ¦
Henry Stieber. 35, 643 Stevenson street, and
Sophie Mlchitsch, 24, 517 Golden Gate avenue.
Joa M. Borba, 25, . 65 Jackson street, ' and
Maria Izaro, 19. 65 Jackson street.' . ..
Albert C- Olson, 35, 635V4 Stevenson street,
and Louisa O. Olson, 27, 6 Scott street. . ;
F. • Adolph Pristaff, 32, 444 Brannan street,-
and Kate Butler, 22, Oakland.
Herbert G.. Edmondstone, 21, 216 Utah street,
and Gertrude J. Holmes, ; 20, ' 216 Utah street, r ¦-•
Charles Johnson, ¦ 23, 248 Harriet street, and
Susie Harmon," 19, 275A Harriet street.
Lars J. Larson. 27, '27 Fourth street, and AI-.
ma B/ Gyberg, 21," 27 Fourth street/- ' .'. r
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriasre and death ' notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. Theymust.be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
JIMENEZ— In this city, May 13, . 1901, to the
wife of C. F. Jimenez, a daughter, j
¦ MARRIED. ; "
BULL-LATHAM- In this, city. May 16.' 1901.
by the Rev. F. A. Doane, Henry M. Bull of
San Francisco and Anna Elizabeth Latham
of Oakland, Cal. . V , -
WALLACE— GRAY— In this city, May 16, 1901,
by the Rev. F. B. Cherlngton. James M.
Wallace and Lottie C. ¦ Gray, both of San
Francisco. ' . -j '
DIED.
Allen. Mary . Loew, Aaron
Bacisralupl, Silvio N. Maloney, Cornelius
Belden, Margaret S. Martlnelll, Plllade
Brandt. Frits H. D. Moore, Phoebe R.
Brown. David P. » ' Moran, Martin •
Cottrell. Edward M. Morris. Alexander
CUrran. Catherine Osgood, L. E.
Davis, Lotta . Quinn,. John , „ ;'
Dilworth. Mary J. Rithet, Edward P. .
Dwyer, Margaret Rowe, William A.
Everts. ¦ Major B. Shea,. Michael
Fay, Peter Sllovlch, Mabel E.
Kitzslmmons, James Strong, Elizabeth B.
Foehner, Joseph Thompson, Helen
• Holmes, Katie Troy, Katie
Jepsen, John II. Ward, Maud E.
Johnson, Carl Wiley, Charles
Kllgallon, James _ _ White, Patrick
ALLEN— In thla city. May 17, 1901, ., Mary, bo-
lovntl daughter of Minnie Allen, a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 years and 6 months.
BACIGALUPJ-In thin city, May 17, 1901, Sil-
vio Nat DftclRttlupl, beloved son of Silvio and
Katie Uaclgaluiii, a native of San Francisco,
aged 9 montlia and 27 days,
(CyFrlendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited' to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Runrisy), at 2 o'clock, from his Into resi-
dence, 8 Ctilhoun street, off Union, bttwsen
Montgomery and Hansome, thence to New
Italian Cemetery for Interment.
II K I -DION- In this city, May 17, 1901, Margaret
H. Hclilmi, a mitlve of Scotland.
UKANDT-In Oakland, May 17, 1001, nt CCO
Forty-dneond street, Frits 11. I)., beloved
husband of Mary Brandt, nnd father of Os-
car Urandt, Mm. Oscar Downs and Lenore
and Fred Brandt, a native of North Ger-
many, nged £5 yoars and 11 months. A mem-
ber of Temple tadg;e No. 11, A. O. U. W. .
IE? Friends and acquaintances and members
ot Tnmole Lodge No. 11, A. O. U. W., are
respectfully invited to attend the funeral
servircs to-morrow (Sunday), at 2:80 o'clock,
nt his late home, 660 Forty-second street.
Funeral under the auspices of Temple Lodge
No. 11, A. O. U. W. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. , ¦
BROWN— in this city. May l«' 1901, David P.
Brown, a native of Connecticut, axed 68
years.
K? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Masonla
Temple, South San Francisco, under the aus-
pices of South San Francisco Lodge No. 213,
F. and A. M.
COTTRELL-In Berkeley, May 14, 1901. Ed-
ward M. Cottrell, aged 75 years. "- s '•
G7Funeral services will take place to-mor-
row (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the Masonlo
• Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge No.
30, F. and A. M. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
CURRAN— In this city. May 16, 1901. Catherine
Curran, beloved mother of Mabel and Horace
Curran, a native of Ottawa. 111.
(ETFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Church, California and Dupont streets, where
\a mass will be celebrated for the repose of
lier soul. Interment private. ' . ?
DAVIS— Friends and' acquaintances' are re-
' Bpectfully invited to attend the setting of the
tombstone' In memory of the late Lotta
Davis to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at
New Salem Cemetery. .
DILWORTH-In this city, May 16, 1901, at 701
Webster street, Mary Jane, widow of the late
Andrew Dilworth of New Zealand.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. Steph-
en's Episcopal Church, Fulton street, near
Fillmore. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
DWYER— In this city. May 17, 1901, Margaret,
beloved wife of William Dwyer, mother of
Julia A.. Helen F. and Willie M. Dwyer,
and sister of Mrs. E. Murphy. Mrs. J. D.
Courtney and Miss. Kate Courtney, a native
of the parish of Killarney, County Kerry,
Ireland, aeed 25 years.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday)i at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1864 Fifteenth street, between Guer-
rero and Dolores, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
cele.brated~for the renose of her soul, com-
mencing at. 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
! Cc-metery. ... . . - :
EVERTS— In Alameda, May 17, 1901, Major
• Edward Everts, surgeon in united States
Army, retired, a native of Texas, aged 43
years.
FAY— In this pity, May 16, 1901, Peter, dearly
beloved husband of the late Mary A. Fay,
a native of Dunlaven, County Wlcklow, Ire-
land, aged 75 years. . • ;
(E7"Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
, (Saturday), ut 8:20 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1130 Vallejo street, thence . to St.
- Brlgld's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by • electrlo
funeral car from Fourteenth and Mission
streets. Kindly omit flowers.
FITZSIMMONS— In this city, May 17. 1901,
James, beloved husband of Ellen Fltzs(m-
mons, a native of County Meath, Ireland,
aged 71 years.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
May £i>, luni, at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 406 Diamond streat, thence to Ht.
James Church, Guerrero and Twenty-third
streets, where a solemn reuulom high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crofs Cemetery.
FO131INEU— In this city, May 15, 1901, Joseph
Foehnnr, a native of Germany, aged 40 years
2 months and 10 rinys.
E7 Friend* and. acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to ntii'iHl tha funeral this day
(Hitiiininy), nt 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. n. MeUlnr, 63ft Washington stroot.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. ¦
Hoi-MKH— in this city, May 17, 1901, Katie
UnioH'M, ii native of San Francisco, agod 42
years 4 months and 7 days.
Ji:i'Hi;,V— In this city, May 18, 1901, John Han-
sen Jrpson, dearly belovodJ husband of Julia
.N-X'Hi'ti, and father of Otto A. and Frances
M. Jepsen, a native of Hchloswlg-Holsteln,
iiRni r.r. years and 6 months.
JOUNHON-In this olty, May 17, • 1901, Carl
Johnson, a native of Sweden, ngitd 67 yean.
A member of Lincoln PosfNo. 1, O. A. lt
K1LGALLON— In this city, May 17. 1901,, James
Kllgallon, a member of the Young Men's
Cttthollo Union and Ancient Order of Hiber-
nians, Division No. 10, a native of Ireland,
aged 85 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances and members
of the above . named societies are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross ' Cemetery. ¦
LOBW— In this city, May 16, 1901, Aaron, be-
loved husband of Dora Loew, and father of
Mrs. M. Cohn and Ernestine and Leah Loew,
a native of Carlsruhe, Germany, aged 64
years 9 months and 22 days. ;
KTFrlends and acquaintances and members
of Unity Lodge No. 27, A. O. U. W., are
respectfully Invited to attend t the . funeral
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 o clock, from his
late- residence. 322 Seventh street, between
Folsom and Harrison, and thence by 11:30
o'clock train to New Salem Cemetery for ln-
i terment. • ••
MALONEY— In West Berkeley, May 16, .1901,
CornellusMaloney, beloved father of Mrs. D.
W. McLaugrhlln and C. D. Maloney, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 67 years.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from his. late resi-
dence, 2314 ¦ Eighth street. West Berkeley,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where ser-
' vidbs will be held, commencing;. at~"12:30
I o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
San Francisco, via 2' o'clock creek route
' ferry. .
MARTINELLI— In this city. May 17, 1901. Pil-
lade, dearly beloved son- of -Modesto and En-
richetta Maj-tinelll, a native of Italy, aged
15 years 10 months and 17 days.
MORAN— In • Millbrae, May 17, 1901, Martin
Moran, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
MOORE— In this city. May 16, 1901. passed to a
higher life, Phoebe R-, beloved wife of John
A. Moore, mother of- Harry 'P. Moore, and
'Bister of Augusta. L. French* of San Fran-
\ dsco, Mrs. S.D. Jones of Bangor, Me., and
Benjamin C. Woodbury, M. p., of Patten,
Me., a native of Buckfield. Me.
¦ !C7"Funerftl services will take place this
day (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence, . 518 Golden Gate . avenue. Inter-
ment private, In Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
carriage. Please omit flowers.
MORRIS— In this city. May 16, 1901, Alexander
Morris,; a native of Scotland, aged 82 years.
OSGOOD— In Haywards. j May 16, 1901, L,. e.
Osgood, . pioneer of .Washington Township,
HEN RY/d^ GALLAGHER CO.
¦(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
: ' DANIEL 'P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS'
. ¦ 20 Fifth st., opposite i Lincoln EcLool.
, WC* ¦ • Telephone South 80. .' : - -
...-. UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
.'. 17 and 29 Fifthst' -Tel. South 167. ; . ?>
rUNERAt DIRECT0B3 AND EMBALMS*!. '
Finest ¦ Equipment -at Moderate • Rates. v' 1 ;'- '?•
.:,? JAMBS McGINN, j
Formerly ' with McQinnn Bros ,*' has opened • I
new: Funeral Parlors I at 214 ¦ Eddy I St.. i bat. I
Taylor and, Jones. Telephone South. 678. - 1
;fall of .'J2, a,native of Blue.Hill. Me., aged
69 years 10 months and 29 days.
V.yFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow -(Sunday), at • 11 o'clock, at Odd
Felloes' Hall, Haywards."' V.
QUINN—In this city, May 16. 1901, John,
I dearly beloved husband of Williamina Qulnn,
and father of; Minnie, Victoria and John
Quinn, Mrs. II. J. Hughes.and. Mrs. George
H. Rlddell.
• i icy Interment private.'- Positively no flow-
ers. !.-...¦
REAP—In this clty^ May 14, 1901, James P.
.Reap, a native of. Pennsylvania, aged 47
years 3 months and 6 days. • -
RITHET—In this city, May 14. 1901, Edward
Paterson, beloved aon of Mr. and Mrs. R.
P. .Rithet, a. native of Victoria. B. C.aged
20 years 4 month? and. 10 days. . • •
(CTFuneral on Monday next, at 10 o'clock,
at the residence, ¦ 3348 Clay street.
ROWE—In "this city, May c 16, 1901." William
Albert Rowe, beloved son of James and Ber-
- tha Rowe, a native of San Francisco, aged 6
months' and 10 days. (Virginia City. Nev.,
papers please.copy.)
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend th« funeral this day
(Saturday), at S o'clock, from the home of
his parents, 663 Willow avenue, between
Laguna and Buchanan. streets. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. . —
SHEA—In this city, May 17. 1901, Michael,
dearly beloved husband of Brlgld Steele Shea,
and father of Frank T., Will D., Mary T..
Annie B., Margaret and Reglna Shea and
Mrs. J. B. Cantrell, a native of Cashel, Ire-
land, aged 72 < years and 10 months. (Roma
and Syracuse, N. Y., papers please copy.)
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
May. 20, at 9 o'clock, from hla late resi-
dence, 1423 Green street, thence to Bt.
Brlgld's Church, Broadway and Van Ness
avenue,. where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for th* repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electno funeral oar from
Fourteenth and Mission streets. Kindly omit
flowers.
8ILOVICH-In this cltr, May 17, 1901, of diph-
theria, Mabel 1C. beloved daughter of John
and Zoe Hllovieh, sister of Marietta Bllovlch,
and granddaughter of Mrs. M. Davla, a na-
tive of Ban l'Yniu'lsco, aged 7 years and 17
days. ' i
' C7Funeral and,Interment private,
STRONG-In this city, May 18, 1001, Elisabeth
B., widow of the late G. XV, Strong, and b»-
lovod mother of.Mrs. Ed Daley, Frances K.
Mining, Mrs, Jum-uli Boardman and Mrs. V.
liollnmu Jr., a tnitlva of Auburn, N. Y.,
aired 05 years.
(CTPrlends and acquaintances are ntspeot*
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the resldenoe
of her' daughter, Mrs. v. Bellman Jr., 60
Bhotwell street. Interment Cypr«ss Lawn
Cemetery, by cnrrlngp. . , ,
THOMPSON—In this city, May 16, 1901, Helen
Thompson, beloved mother of Caroline Keller
" (nee Mawdsley), and grandmother of George,
Leland and Eveline Mawdsley. George WII-
I son and Charles Keller, a native of Hothrr-
lium, England, ared 77 years 1 month and 8
days.
IE7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend«the funeral this day
(Saturday), at a o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 162 Hartford street, between Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. • . , .
TROY—In this city, May 17, 1901. Katie, be-
loved wife of Patrick Troy, and mother of
Andrew, Raymond, Joseph, Percy and Irvine
Troy, a native of Queenstown, Ireland, aged
42 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of th« California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
WARD—In this city. May 16, 1901, Maud "Eve-
lyn, beloved daughter of Harry B. and Maud
L. .Ward, a native of California, aged 6
months and 29 days. i
JCyFtlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 455 Vermont street, between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth. Interment Ma-
- sonic Cemetery.
WILBT—In this city, May 16. 1901. Charles,
beloved husband of Mary Wiley, a native of
' Boston, Mass., aged 73 years 2 months and 28
days.
KTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from St. James
I Church, cprner Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WHITE—In this city, May 16. 1901, Patrick
White, beloved brother of Mrs. Catherine
O'Brien, Mrs. John ' Roche and Michael
White, and uncle of Mrs.- Thomas Traynor,
Mrs. J. Healey, Mrs. J. C. Castle and Han-
nah O'Brien, a native of the parish of
Ahane, County Limerick, Ireland, aged 61
years. . '
tCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12* o'clock, from the. residence
of his sister, Catherine O'Brien, 246 Elsie
street, off Cortland avenue, thence to St.
John's Church (Old St. Mary'B College) for
services. Interment. Mount Calvary Ceme-
' tery. ; ',,'• ;.,; ;¦ .. .
CARPENTERS' Union 22-Attentlon: Mem-
bers are requested to assemble at Eighteenth
and'Noe streets to-morrow (Sunday), at 8:30
o'clock, for the purpose of attending the
funeral of the wife of .Brother P. H. Mc-
Carthy. By order Union 22.
. ' F. P. NICHOLAS. President.
rEnSOyALS-— Conttnned.
AWOMAN on exhibition, old and wrinkled on
one Ffdo of face, the other miule smooth and
voHthful: hundred* are astonished. New\ork
institute Dermatology, ins bills st.. San Fran.
rir.APrTTE pud tobacco habit .cured at
homV-Vv vnluable information tor liquor.
SthlnV o,^u.r. all drug habits. MKS.
WII* MA MS. 1S29 Folk »t.. San Francisco.
11 WKEKt*T-*Btt» t0 order from genuine
p-ntrh" US up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
Jriint o'vercoatfi, $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
EJvnCTKlC lfsht lu every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Bt.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c tn fl M per nierht; 1160 to S6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
6CHOOI, to learn hairdreeEinR:. hair work, man-
tourinr: private let-sons or claj«a. MISS A. V.
OOYLK. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Xess.
Sl'RE cure for poison oak; guaranteed; will ef-
fect i^ermancnt cure in 5 or 6 days. J J.
COFTA. Concord, J?al.
FHILr— Come home; everything all riKht.
OKORGE.
ELLIS'. 705— Private famllr; rooms; use of par-
l5r and iplano; terms reasonable.
1TUYATU detective work; reasonable rate«; 10
TfBjs' exi^rlence. J. p. RAY. S57 Jessie St.
OOHHKTMAKEn and designer. Mme. J. A.
Ivournlicrgcr. 217 Geary, cpp. Union Square.
SIWJCIfH lessons Riven by a native Spanish
icgchf-r. '.IZ McAIlUter St.
TAlIvOU made eults. $7 60; dregs pants, f> to.
Mli-tu Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont,
1^." 10 " 1 dl ** a » e « of men only; winltarlum
c^ ciav rt., cor. Kearny; consultation free.
Pl'lUNQ wtvles Standard patterns now ready.
"IKimmic" office. 1021 Market Pt.. nr. Hlxth.
Dr. Harriet Wrteh. 2115 Hurh: hours I to J. ex-
cept Th. and Bat.: * ><>< 'foly»'»^ » yfrArs'exper.
OUV cold, silver, diamond* and precious stones
bought. J. K. JENKEL. 817 Market »t.
L **t!f - ',* P 1. * rni *' <"B«'- f| ff clothing boueht and
»old. J. Kllvcrman. Hi Kolsom; tel. Kolsom ll»l.
W V r - *J. l: A«"Kn. 131 Post, room 7. makes
?h«-.rs that fli and wear.
AJ,Flu:nrMB I'typtlan Ilrnna; restores gmy
lialr to Its natural color; tl; at all druggists.
SCASQt'nnAin; m»Tum*«. rlay hooks. wIks;
country order*. OOMWrKIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Ft'I'nnFLUorB lialr and moles Ostrnyrd with
tifpdle. M1E3 CATON. 1U» Suttfr st.
V>n. LAMOTTR'8 Krenrh Corn Paint. thT best
onttv rure: r.V; all druggists.
FHY«CIAXS AXD SlUGKONS.
0 -.. 0 " DO^ET£^^n>Ta^ri^W#^cT
_ lOZl Market tt. between Sixth and Eeventh.
DR. VTONO HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 116-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
, PICMC SUPPLIES
ON your way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
* MOHNS. » Market St., for flneit wines and
_ liquors; blrgest house: open Sundays.
PILES.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
eurgery or delay from business, and no
ralves for sale. Particulars, address Physl-
rlan. box ISM. Call office. S. F.. Cal.
URAL ESTATE— CITY FOR SALE.
G. H. L*MBSE2C 4k OCX,
14 MonigoniPry street.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
A i cur salesroom MONDAY. May CT, 10J1, at
12 o'clock noon. •
ELEGANT CHOICE CORNER.
By order of Archbishop P. XV. Riordan.
N'W. corner Fillmore and Hayes ets.; large
clepant residence; lot 112:6x242:6; Irregular.
This property, formerly the Sutro residence,
wac acquired for church purposes, but in view
of the proposed Panhandle extension not being
sustained by the Supreme Court and the
Church remaining in its present location we
are ordered to offer this property. This is a
splendid opportunity for builders.
CHOICE DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT
C2S-628 Clay st. and C27-643 Merchant St.. be-
tween Kearny and Montgomery: two substan-
tial brick buildings, 7 stores and offices above.
Several office* on second floor and entire upper
floor consisting of 18 offices temporarily va-
cant. Present rentals $425 per month; owner
has standing offer of J100 per month for upper
fi.-or for lodging purposes on a lease; lot 70x
10S.-8; 2 rrontagee.
E. T. ANTHONY ESTATE.
Executors' Sale.
4«7-409 Commercial st., near Battery; sub-
stantial brick building; 2 stores and 4 lofts-
rent* $130 per month; lot 40:7%x73:«. subject
to confirmation by the court.
FrrLL-STREET INVESTMENT.
220 to 230 Fell *t. and 218 to 233 Linden ave-
nue, near Franklin st. ; Improvements consist
of 7 house* and 4 flats: rents $177 per month;
b^th ureets accepted by the city; lot 67:0x120;
2 frontages.
CALIFORNIA-STREET INVESTMENT.
1-48 California St.. north line, near Leaven-
worth; elegant three-Mory building in good or-
der: an ideal location for private boarding-
hr.u*c- or flat*; lot 50x137:6.
H« (WARD-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1126 Howard st.. north line, near Seventh; 3-
Ftory and basement frame building; store and
I flats; rents $65 per month, which are low;
lot iSxftO; this choice holding one block from
new P(*tnffice.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTS".
Sii-313 Pacific st., near Pattery; 2 stores and
lodr ins -house above; rents $.V) per month; lot
*t:!>x'Jl:fi; hank mortgage of $C00O fct 6 per cent
<an remain.
IKAVNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Ki<U-lW»4 Hyde st.. east line near Pine; Im-
provements ronKlst of 2 stores and flat; rent
%:& j«t month : lot 3ix«o.
, CKLIA HAiiAN ESTATE.
Executor*' Bale.
• Pubject to confirmation by the court.
No. 1.
57S5 P1n# «.. north lino near Devlsadero:
r'-Milf-noe or 9 rooms nn<l tmth; basement,
tirii-k foundation, cement walks and street ac«
<-fj>ted; lot S'xllO.
No. J.
27S4 rili* lit.; rerldrnre of 1« rooms and
but!), basement, Ml I lard -room, etc; lot S0»UO
<'U<|J<'1C ("OIlNKlt ItKKJWCNCK.
NIC. corner Sixteenth and ('astro sts.; <-!»«•
B*nt residence of 10 rooms and bath; brick
friuTtdMlnn. oemrnt walks, rte. ; nl.-r-iy elevat-
rrt; fine view: lot 30xi(rfi; cash above bank
mortcnee nr $s,vn at c p#r cent.
8AUT1I KIlUC INVESTMENT.
OS Bryant st., nnrth line near Third; resl-
Or nee or in rooms and l>ath; can be readily
converted into flat*; lot Zt.xM.
rcxrccuTrtix hale.
Th» following three properties mu»t be fold
to close en estate.
No. 1.
ins TxiMley *t. : choice residence of 10 ruotn*
6nd b«ih. Ftable. windmill, tank, etc.; Urge
ground * nnd parden; no expenf-e spared by
own»r In making this an attractive and com-
fortah!* home; well built, commanding an un-
surpa^d view; lot 160xl"«. Irregular; this
property fronts on three street*.
No. 2.
TjiMlcy rt., bet. Mateo and Roanok*: lot
100x100;! planted in trees and flowers; an ideal
vpet for a florist; good well of water.
I No. 3.
Ivflldlcy st.. near Kairmount; cottage of 4
rooms and basement; separate chicken yards,
larc* parden. etc.; lot 100x100.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. I.'MKSEN & CO..
• 14 Montromery «t.
FOR sale— 3-room house, lot and barn, 2 blocks
from car line. Apply at Mrs. B. WAGNEH.
12->1^- Scott Ft.
FOR sale — Well-constructed, modern residence.,
t- roccis and bath. In a desirable location
npsr perk; reasonable terms. 660 Mission et.
A. BALDASSI & CO., 206 Montgomery ave.—
Doing fair buFlret-s with English. French,
Italian and Spanish speaking people.
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10>-room residence, 7J5 Cole st. ; open daily.
IK you have lots to e»ll north of the Park.
then call on W. J. OI'XN. f.SO California, st.
REAL ESTATE — COUKTRV — Pop Sale
gTIiTumbseN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
Special bargain— 160 acres near Yuba City.
Suiter Co.. short distance from Marysvllle; all
¦under cultivation; all rich valley land; few
beautiful live oak tree*; good buildings; well.
watered and well fenced; this land has been
producing profitably and is especially adapted
to nearly all kinds of fruits; this will be sold
In whoie or in part at a. very low price.
Also 140 acres, all under cultivation; rich
valley land; good buildings: well fenced; «hort
distance from Tuba City, Sutter Co.; will be
rold in whole or in part to suit purchaser and
at an extremely low price.
The two above pieces ehould be 6een to be
appreciated, and if contemplating purchasers
will rail cr write for information a bargain
will be given. R, D. BROWNE.
Majiager Country Department.
WANTED— I want to cell or trade tny ranch
of 128 acres; well Improved; my cash price is
J3300,.or I will trade for good farm In Kan-
sae. For further descriptions and particulars
address J. D. RKEED, Flsk P. O-. Sonoma
Co.. CaJ. ' ¦
BUY In Napa County; no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Vitlculturist." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St Helena, Cal.
MARION CRTFFIN. Real Estate Arent. 713
Market «.. by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
scribing farms for Bale all over this State.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call, 3C pages, sent to any address In . the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
pottage paid.H. Scowcroft, a wholesale merchant, of
Ogden, is In the city on business and is
staying at vthe Lick. "
: W. Migllavacca, 1 an extensive vlnyardist
of Napa, is in the city, and is making the
Grand his headquarters. - i
Senator Al Livingston of Nevada, Dan
Stuart's agent in the Sagebrush State, is
registered, at the Russ House.
Louis F.VBreuner, the well-known fur
niture dealer of Sacramento, accompanied
by his wife, is staying at the Palace.
The Right Rev. W. H. Moreland,.Epls-
of Los Angeles, registered at - the Grand
yesterday. v- , . >. / r ' -
-The suit : of Johanne Wobber again3t
Sigel Grove No. 7, U. A. O.D., for the re
coveryof a -widow's allowance of 5100 was
on trial yesterday before Justice of the
Peace- Daniels. Mrs. Wobber's husband
was a member. of. the" grove at the time he
died,' but was eight months m arrears.
The officers of the grove testified that the
widow is not entitled to the allowance be
cause the by-laws provide that no mem
ber in arrears for three months shall re
ceive any benefits.'
Mrs. Wobber, however. In rebuttal,
claimed that the grove had paid her the
funeral benefit of 560, to which every Dru
id Is entitled to, unless expelled. It had,
however, retained $11 to pay her husband's
arrears for eight months, giving lier a re
ceipt in full therefor. She contended that
the grove had waived the provision of the
by-laws, on the subject by accepting the
payment for her husband's dues.- Mrs.
Wobber's attorney held that this amount
ed- to a reinstatement of but ex-
Judge Bahrs,- who appeared for the grove,
argued that it was impossible to reinstate
a dead" man. and as- Wobber was over
three months in arrears his widow was not
entitled' to the allowance. ' The case went
over until next Monday, when xhe" books
of- the organization will be Introduced in
evidence. .. ~.
GBOVE OF DRUIDS SUED
FOB WIDOWS ALXOWANCE
Mrs. Wobber Cl&ims Her Husband
Was Reinstated by Acceptance
of His Dues.
In deciding the cases the court says that
the Question whether or not the location
of a mining claim by an alien may be at
tacked in a suit between private parties
has always been answered in the negative
by the decisions of the courts of the
United States. As between the parties to
the present suit it is clear in the light of
authority that tho question of citizenship
is not in issue and that the alienage of
the original. locator is not involved. This
is a matter, says the court, which con
cerns the Government of the United
States and with which the parties to this
liti w ation have nothing to do. The caae
prceents only the question of the right of
possession as between two contesting lo
cators. It in no way involves the ultinjate
right of either to a patent to the mining
claim. The whole of the merits of the
controversy may be determined upon con
sideration of this single question, and it
would be fruitless as well as vexatious to
remand the case for further litigation.
The order appointing a receiver Is.re
versed ; and the case : remanded, with ¦ in
structions- to dismiss the bill. -
The cases dismissed yesterday are those
of John I. Tornanses vs. L. F. Melsing et
aL, Mickle J. Nackkela et al. vs. Herbert
H. Webster and that of William A. KJell
man vs. Henry Rogers/ The reasons
given in the case of Tornanses vs. Mels-
Ing^ are applicable to the two others. It
was alleged by«Melsing that Tornanses
was an alien, a subject of the Russian
empire and a Mongolian -by race, and as
such was not entitled to receive a patent
from the United. States for the property
in controversy, placer mining claim No.
10. above Discovery, on Anvil Creek. Tor
nantes conveyed his '¦_ claim I to the Wild
Goose Mining Company. Melslng also
riled a location on the theory' that Tor
nanses, being an alien, had no rights in
the premises and was ejected by Tor
nantes.
The Judgment* of Judge Noyes of the
Alaska District "Court in three of the
Cape Nome, mining cases was reversed
yesterday by the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals a'nd Judge Noyes was
ordered to. dismiss them. This action- of
the Court of , Appeals deprives Alexander
McKenzle of his situation as receiver and
miners out of the hands of ' the Alaska
Judge. ¦¦'¦; '¦" . : V . •
Appointment of a Receiver
Is Declared to Be
Illegal. ,
Three - Nome Cases Are
/ Dismissed by Appeal
} Court.
NOYES' RULINGS
ARE REVERSED
RAILROAD PRESIDENT WHO
HAS BEEN INSPECTING SITR
' VET OF PROPOSED EXTEN
SION.
Judge/ Troutt Takes Father's Appli
: cntion for Modification of De
cree Under Advisement.
: Little Kathlynne Coleman is still In the
.WEtody of her mother. Mrs. Mabel Cole
man-Smith. John M. Coleman, father of
the ' child, appeared before Judge Troutt
yef terday to press his petition for a mod
ification of the decree of divorce procured
by l?im, by. the terms of which. his former
wife was given the custody of the child,
tise same to pass to him, however. In
event she again married.
When Mrs. Coleman-Smlth married her
pj-escnt husband, Edwin V. Smith, Cole
man immediately took steps to secure the
custody of his child. But Judge Troutt
held that as Mrs. Coleman-Smith had re
rrjarried within one year from the date of
t^ie decree of divorce the Fame was in
vfalid. In law. Judge Troutt held, the
former Mrs. Coleman wa« still a grass
widow and the custody of the child in
«-onseyuence did not as yet pass to the
fsther under the terms of the decree.
The court Intimated, however, that he
would entertain a motion to modify the
decree, which was made yesterday on the
pround that Mrs. Coleman-Smlth was not
married to Edwin V. Smith and hence was
an unlit and Improper person to have the
custody and control of the child. Cole
rsan also took the Etand and testified that
his former wife did not properly care for
the child and that frequently before he
divorced her she would leave the child for
clays at a time and come to this city un
<i^,r the pretense that she was 111, which.
Ooleman said, was not the fact.
Galen Burdell and Edwin V. Smith tes
tified on behalf of Mrs. Coleman-fimlth.
both agreeing that she was a gentle and
affectionate mother. Judge Troutt thfen
took the case under advisement. Later in
tjifc day Mrs. Coleman-Smlth filed a. peti
tfon for letters of guardianship upon the
Pf rton and estate of her daughter. In her
petition she stated that the little miss had
an interest in the estate of her prand
irfotfcer. Mrs. Mary A. Burdell. and that
it was necessary that a guardian be ap
pointed to care for the same.
Coleman will oppose this petition, and it
is not probable that a settlement of the
controversy between him and his former
wife will be finally made until after the
Supreme Court has passed upon the valid
ity of marriages of divorced people sol
qnnized without the limits of this State
within one year from the date of a decree
of divorce. ' w
Yosemite Valley via Santa Fe.
7he Santa Fe is now carrying passen
gers to the Yosemite via stage from Mer
ced. Starting on California Limited to
day, you are at the Sentinel Hotel to-mor
row afternoon, passing Merced Big Trees
en route. 6
Ask about It at 611 Market street. •
Eesolutions of Sympathy.
The Building Trades Council has adopt
ed the following resolutions in reference
P ir e MScar b th r y- aVement ° f ltS pr . ea «d?nt,
Unexpected, madden and urift comes the mes
«*pr of death. Th« May MowomfX
¦u-itber* and dice. The sturdy oak touth#d
Trtth thk hajd that severs the *troi e e?t ?)'.
of • love, is bowed . to the cround. a mlchtv
as*embla**- hardy representative* o? toil— 1^
FUent in grief. Death ban ruthlessly Invaded
the honje of one whom ire lo\> because w«
have found him true; one whom we honor' b*.
cbum. of his abUJty— It ha« removed from hit
companionship his faithful and beloved wife
and Infllrted Irreparable loss and unspeakable
i-orrow on our esteemed presiding officer The
members of the Hutlding Trades Council of San
KranclBCO, deeply moved by the uudden and
had mwimre, unanimously extend their heart
felt sympathy to the prwBldent, P. H. Mc-
Carthy, in his heavy affliction and ead be
reavement. ji a y he. find etrea«th to carry tht
burden of grief and may It eerve to fit him
for the many important duties of life which
•wb hox»e ar* still In store for him.
, - O. A, TVEITMOE.
T/}T"TS fWWTffn
I L. F. DANFORTH.
KATHLYNNECOLEMAN IS
BTTLI1 WITS HER MOTHER
"I went there, Judpe," eald Bonacina,
"to protect my daughter's name. Do you
blame too?"
"I don't blame you much," said the
Judge.
• St. Clair did not appear in court and the
Judge issued a bench warrant for his ar
rest. The case vra? continued till next
Wednesday, when th© defendant promised
to have his daughter !n court to confront
St. Clair.
Mips Bonacina applied on Thursday aft
ernoon for a license for her marriage to
Richard St. Clair. She gave his age as 35
v*;arR and her age at 23. She is really only
tl according to her father's statement.
: Joseph F. Bonacina, proprietor of tha
Grand Southern Hotel, Seventh and Mis
sion streets, who was arrested Thursday
afternoon for exhibiting a deadly weapon.
in a rud© and threatening manner and
carrying a. concealed weapon, appeared
be? ere' Judge Slogan yesterday morning.
Jlanarer Wright of the Pacific Mutual
Life Insurance Company, testified that
the defendant, accompanied by his daugh
ter, called at the office of the company
and demanded to see Richard St. Clair,
one of the clerks. Bonacina was excited.
He said he was an old soldier and wanted
|q see Justice done hia daughter by St.
Clair, who, he said, had promised to
marry her. Bt. Cleir was called out and
eai«i he did net know the young girl. This
£nrag-ed the father and he grappled with
6t Clair. F. R. Falconer, another clerk,
separated them and Bt. Clair disappeared,
lit.nacina refused to leave and pulled out
a. revolver, which he waved before Ed
ward Haynes, the Janitor, in a threaten
ing manner.
Bonacina testified that he had not
known of the friendship existing between
his daughter nnd 6t. Clair till last Sun
day. He then questioned her and she
showed him a marriage license which she
had obtained with St. Clalr'» consent, but
St. Clair had refused to marry her. The
IJcerjM! was produced in court. The girl's
age was given as 23 and St. Clalr's as 35.
Eonacina raid he went to the office of the
cc rnpany to see St. C!a!r and get him to
marry his daughter.
Joseph F. Bonacina Tells
Why He Is Seeking
R. St. Clair.
ASKS JUSTICE
FOR HIS CHILD
Father Tries to Force
Clerk to Marry His
Daughter.
. ¦ " — : — ' * ' . ~~ — ; • • ¦ . • 1
Villa formerly meant a ; farm '; and not a
'house. ;-. ./ : -- ., , .-, - ;-, . ¦ " ' .
;-¦ Exhibition— Hunter .-• Gold ,:h Separator—
Saturday, 18th,' and Monday,' 20th, at S.'F.
Tool Works,- 27 Stevenson- street. . -* •¦;-•
COURT i OF ¦ APPE AL8 MEET8 '. TO-DAT.—
Tho ; United t States -. Circuit * Court of » Appeals
will ¦ meet at - 9 , o'clock ; ! this mornln?. - >y • , - ¦ ¦¦
j F. W. 'i G. Morrosco ' has been granted a
divorce 7 from 'his wife, 'Mrs. Dr. Kate C.
Morrosco, : of i Brooklyn; * N. T. • 5
- The closing exercises of the
School of Design were held last night at
the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. . The
large hall used by the antique class was
thronged with 'relatives and friends of
the pupils. Around the walls of the hall
were specimens of the best work pro
duced by the pupils of the -various
classes during, the. year. The exhibition
covers a wide range and • represents the
work of the life class, portrait class,
sketch class and the antique class
For work of special merit accomplished
during the term the following pupils were
given honorary mention: Regular school-
Louise Breeze, San Francisco, painting;
George Dennenberg.v San Francisco, life;
Eleanor Plaw, Frultvale, portrait sketch;
Ida Brown, . Berkeley, perspective ; Theo
dore Keane, San Francisco, studies. Night
class— Chester Beach, Sa.n Francisco, - life
drawings; Harry' Culman, San Francisco,'
antique drawings. Saturday classes-
Edwin' Groeper,, San Francisco, 1 ' Bryne
scholarship, and George .-, Gorter, San
Francisco, portrait drawing. The exhi
bition will be open to the public for four
dayB. : <¦ ; ......,"..-.¦.-..-.; . • - -.¦-'¦' :,' \. ;
Wide Range of Work Suspended
for Public Inspection.
ART SCHOOL HOLDS \
ANNUAL EXHIBITION
— k-->* 1 ¦ .
Portraits and Sketches Covering a
enforced. But members . of unions who
go out on . strike are exempted from its
payment, so the amount that the leaders
of the Labor Council. may receive is 11Kb
ly to b« greatly reduced. .• .;
-The board of arbitration is to be com
posed of two members of each union af
filiated with the Labor Council, a repre
sentative of the nroployers . o f all the
trades affected and an. eminent divine or
other disinterested person, .to, decide upon
all questions submitted. The details of
any propositions are to be' finally submit
ted to him for adjustment. The executive
committee of the Labor Council will have
the selection of. the labo'r representatives,
and the employers will be asked to name;
their men. No provision 1 has been made
to abide by the decision of the arbitrator.
:A letter under date of May 7 from Sam
uel Gompers, president of the American
Federation of Labor, commending the
work ofChief Organizer J. D. Pierce, was
read. Pierce appeared before the council
but made no reply to the charges made
by Louis Chester of the Building Trades
Cquncll. The letter said that 1.500,000
trades unionists throughout the United '
After nearly three hours of -. r discussion
the San Francisco Labor Council last
night decided to take a middle course in
he matter of . a general strike among
laboring' men. This was settled upon in
sxecutive session. Some members of tho
council urged the adoption of a niclcel
x week per capita tax on the members
of each union affiliated with . the council.
Others urged the selection of a commlt
ee with an arbitrator in chief, to consider
md decide differences. » Resolutions
idopting both suggestions -were carried.
According to Secretary Rosenberg -tfie
tax will produce a ' strike benefit
.'und of $1500 a week fr.om the 30,000 men
* no are expected to follow the dictates
-if the labor leaders. The: council simply
.•equests that this contribution be made,
because, under its constitution, no power
exists by which a demand for it may be
Edward Milan Beats Frank H. Ward
N^ With the Butt End of a -
. . • '. *Re6ylvef.'"' : y.'.'! ~>
Edward Milan.;, was arrested some
months ago for persistently annoying Miss
Ward .of 1109 Van; Ness avenue with his
attentions. .; He . even", went, so -.far /as' to
attack the young; lady ... and ,was arrested.
The case was called before' Judge Caban
iss, and as Milan promised to behave him
self In future it, was dismissed. ¦ .
Frank H. Ward, the young lady's broth
er, secured a warrant from Judge Caban
iss V yesterday for , Milan's arrest - on the
charge of battery.., Milan blamed. Ward
for ; his - troubles, and Thursday, night ; he
lay in .wait r for him " near ¦ his v home . and
rushed ' upon > him, . striking ¦ him on the
head with , the - butt end of a revolver.
Milan fled as soon as he struck the blow;
States were ready to help their brothers
.Jn: San- Francisco with both moral and
nnandal assistance.
I During: the discussion of the. reports and
resolutions a disposition to avoid a gren
eral strike was manifested. Some of the
hotter-headed members were ready to"
walk out at once, but both of the tem
porizing resolutions- prevailed. ¦ -
The strike of- the carriage makers Is
practically settled. -A schedule of wages
based on the- shorter, hour and longer pay
proposition has j been' submitted for the
consideration of the strikers. -May 22 is
fixed as the ¦ date-, before which it may
be adopted. It Is . deemed fair to both
sides and simply reiterates the demands
of the:workingmen, the employers giving
old hands the preference without regard
to present affiliations.
. The machinists, upon whose shoulders
will rest the burden of a general strike,
are'still firm ln^thelr demands. In some
cases concessions . are being made, the
general trend . ; leaning toward an amic
able adjustment of differences. Secremry
Wlsler gives a hopeful, THew of the situa
tion.. .¦ , . . .
REJECTTRn frrj-prn-p. wAyy,s
A OOWABDLY ASSAULT
One Provides -for Committee 'of Arbitration -and 'the - Other-Im
poses Weekly 'Per Capita Tax on Umbn Merr,
LABOR COUNCIL AFTER LONG SESSION
ADOPTS TWO IMPORTANT RESOLUTIONS
Judge, Seawell -points out; that, though
there is nothing to show that Mr.«Paxton.
has not always treated his daughter with
kindness and that he may have the right
to deduct- the amount of, the -judgment
from - future payments to Mrs Paxton
still Dr. . Selfridge should be given judg
ment against, him under • the > law which
compels parents. to support. their offspring
and permits none of their own offenses to
absolve them from this duty.' -
Blitz W. Paxton, capitalist, has been
held liable by Judge Seawell for the car©
of his daughter, Roma W. Paxton, who is
now in the custody of her mother, Bessie
E. Paxton, whose recent debut on the
vaudeville stage interested "society of this
city and the southern portion of the State.
Judge Seawell handed down a decision
yesterday giving Judgment for $918 in fa
vor of Dr. Grant Self ridge and against
Mr. Paxton and his former wife, who was
joined in the suit as a defendant.
Dr. Selfridee treated Miss Paxton for
several months ia 1900, but Mr. Paxton re
fused to pay tiie bill when presented on
the ground that by the terms of the de
cree- of divorce. Issued In 1894, his former
wife was given the custody of. the child"
and hence, as he was paying Mrs. Paxtlon
$100 a month, she should pay all expenses
incurred on behalf of r Miss Paxton.
Judge Seawell,. however,' holds that a
parent. is always- responsible for the care
and | maintenance of , a ; child. ' And says
the court,' the commission ! of an - offense
by a parenr which results in the passing
of the custody of his child to another does
not 'absolve him from further liability or'
responsibility as far as ' the child is con
cerned, v If it. did it would open a danger
ous . by - following .which , parents
might free themselves from such respon
sibility, which the law intends they -shall
notshirk. ¦ ; ¦ ; , '» -
Though. • He Is WTot Entitled to Her
Custody He Must Main
vKf^tain Her. ,
- Courteous and manly, generous and
sympathetic, patient and self-forgetful, he
was loved by a wide circle of loyal
friends, who knew better than words can
portray the worth of his friendship and
the loss that his death entails. -. ;-¦-.'
PAXTON MUST PAY HIS
DAUGHTER'S PHYSICIAN
Major Edward. Everts, TJ.S. A., died at
his residence in Alameda yesterday at
4:30 p. m., after : a. protracted Illness of
consumption. Major -Everts was born in
Texas and was 47 years old. Reared from
early childhood In California, he was edu
cated In this State and after finishing his
lecture courses 1 and graduating in medi
cine he entered tho regular army as sur
geon and as a- commissioned officer. He
followed the service faithfully, advancing
in the esteem of his superiors and in the
honors of a soldier's life until about a
year ago, while stationed at Fort Mason,
in this city, he retired with his commis
sion as major.
Major Everts saw army life and service
in Washington' Territory, Arizona, Ne
braska and at forts near New York City.
He was a direct descendant of Miles Stan
dish, and one of his ancestors, Ambrose
Everts, led the Connecticut troops in the
Lexington alarm. ;
He was a member _of the Sons of the
American Revolution. Major Everts"
leaves a wife and two sons, Edward and
William, aged. 15 and 12 years. Two broth
ers, Charles N. and Alta W. Everts, and
six sisters, Mrs. Louisa Wilson, Mrs".
Emma Stockman and Mrs. Dr. Pond of
Napa City, Mrs. Ollle Rampendahl of St.
Helena, Mrs. C. W. Ellis of Woodland and
Miss Nettie Everts of Woodbrldge, sur
vive him. His father was the lato Dr.
Timothy Everts, in early days located at
Benlcla and afterward at St. Helena.
The funeral will probably take place
Sunday at the/ Presidio under military
auspices following services at the home,
2603 Santa Clara avenue, Alameda.
Major Edward Everts
Dies at^HisHome'in
Alameda.
DEATH SUMMONS
NOTED SOLDIER
T11JS SAN FRANCISCO CALLi, SATURDAY, MA Y 18, 1»O1;
President -of That Company Arrives in This City After Travel
ing Over Survey of "Projected \ E^j^pnllWtH? Two Civil
Engineers— His'Report May Mean Another Road for ; California
BURT REFUSES TO TALK ABOUT
UNION PACIFIC'S PROPOSED LINE
16
HORACE G-. BTJRTv president of
the Union Pacific Railroad, passed
through San Francisco yesterday
on his way back to Omaha. Few
people around the Palace Hotel
recognized the railroad magnate, and he
did not go out of his way to make his
identity known, being of an unassuming
nature.
President Burt left Uvada about two
weeks ago, accompanied by two survey
ors. They went directly over the proposed
extension of the Union Pacific, which it is
proposed to extend to Los Angeles. They
traveled x over the entire distance in a
wagon and took notes for future refer
ence.
Burt has the reputation of keeping his
own counsel and yesterday when he was
Interviewed he lived up to his record. He>
said that he had been over the survey of
the new road: that he had had a most en
joyable trip and that he was on his way
back to Omaha.
"When do you expect to start work on
your new road?" he was asked.
"I cannot tell you." he replied. "That is
a matter I cannot talk about."
"Did you see any signs of activity on the
line of the proposed Clark road in your
Journey?" '
"Yes. I* saw some surveyors at work."
answered Burt. "I do not know, however,
what Clark Is doing. I suppose he intends
building his road, but that is a matter
that I have nothing to do with."
President Burt was a. busy man yester
day. He paid a short visit to the Union
Pacific and Chicago and Northwestern
railroad offices and inquired how business
was. He is of a very energetic tempera
ment and decided.- late in the afternoon
that he would better return to his head-
Quarters in Omaha.
The Union Pacific has a road extending
from Salt Lake to Uvada, and a line of
survey for a new road running: Into Cali
fornia. This survey was made several
years ago. About a year- ago Senator
Clark threatened to build a road from Salt
Lake to Southern California, He com
menced his work by sending surveyors
out- from Los Aneeles. The moment he
took this step the Union Pacific Railroad
took a lively interest in the completion of
the extension and terminus in Southern.
California. Burt's trip in a wagon over
the line of the road is the latest phase of
the situation. After his return to Omaha
it will become known whether another
railroad is to have a terminus .n Cali
fornia.- . . •';
Personal.
T. L. Carothers, a prominent attorney
of Uklah, Is at the Lick, -i ./ .
B. Shepherd, a well-known real estate
dealer of Fresno, is at the Grand. < •
W. A. Farish, a prominent mining man
of Denver, is a guest at the Palace.',
¦William 1 K. Sheldon,. who is an extensive
mining man of Alaska, Is at the Califor
nia. ._. . , .
George H. Stewart, a leading merchant
copal Bishop of the diocese of Sacramento,
is at tho Occidental, accompanied by his
wife. '' ¦ >
J. ; Clerfayt,! ticket and passenger agent
of the Pennsylvania. Railroad, having se
cured "a leave of absence of two months,
left yesterday for Paris, accompanied by
his wife. ...
hosTery
...AND...
CORSET DAY,
Our 35c < "WOMAN'S WHITE | f%
FOOT HOSE, only 3 pairs to I II ft
each customer, on sale. I O 1 1
Our 25c WOMAN'S POLKA, j m-
DOT HOSK. double heel and I k ft
toe, on sal© .........¦.........<.... I J |_
Our 25c CHILJDRBN'S MEDI- a mm
UM WEIGHT FINE RIBBED jtll
, BLACK HOSE, full finish and |!||!
fast color, on sale ;... IVU
Following Corset Specials- for
To-Day Only.
Our BOc Corsets on sale jjf»c >v
• ' Our 75o Corsets on sale. f»Oc . >
Our. $1 00 Corsets on sale Tf>c
Our $1 25 Ccwsets on Bale JR1 OO
Our <2 00 .Corsets on sale $1 50'; *\&
Proportionate reductions in better
grades.
. Abpve ' prices are I for all the popular
makes and styles, including R.-and G.,
Thompson's Glove Fitting. P. and N.
Dr. "Warner. '¦ etc YOU CAN "WEAR
OUR CORSETS THIRTY DAYS, IF
NOT SATISFACTORY ! MONEY RE-
FUNDED. ..
We carry, a most beautiful and com-
plete" line of CHILDREN'S PIQUE
CAPES AND. COATS. To-day we'll
sell you our, $2.00 Children's Capes or
Coats, trimmed with three gfk a f\w-
ruffles of wide embroidery w~ I #1%
and- lined with white 'Jm I w Z\
fleeced flannel, on sale..... UrllfiaV
Women's Wafst Specials.
Our ?1 50 ALL, OVER EM- a g%g*
EROIDERIED > WAISTS, V I II IS
Bishop Sleeves...... ••••••••• «ft|_ 1191
on Bale....../.........-........ Wll UU
CHAMBRBT WAISTS, tucked -m ¦ ~
in front • and : back, . latest M n t%
shades •/..'.; .V ...... . I £L I .
on sale.......... ..V........ 1 rljM
Our $1 00 PERCALE WAISTS, m ft
all colors and sizes....... ... JI UA
on sale "4'OLl
.N0V22 ALL. SILK TAFFETTA, 4 ft .'-
RIBBON, any , shade, ' • worth 1 1 1 A
20c, on sale...... Ill"
yard „............-.....:..........¦ UU
;One;Skirt Special.
BLACK MERCERIZED" SATEEN UN-
DER SKIRTS, look; exactly like silk,
wear better; flounce , lined 4f| | fl p*
and - trimmed . with 4 small v~, B ft W
ruffles,- regular, price $2 25, J% I IL-f
on sale .............:. ...Aif I I~W
"1212-1214 MARKETST.;
. ¦•¦¦.-•: Bet. Taylor and Joie3.
t JKgpair* l/%£?j\ ranjlff S3 SB
' ' WC3? sBBmr jgi Mm A '
<NCflfl>oaxrt3 ¦ mSbst Wtm% wBr BbSP
SFECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY and TUESDAY
FRUIT SYRUPS, quart bottle 30c
Strawberry, Raapberry. Grenadine.
Pineapple, Vanilla. Reg. 43c -
ROTAL BAKING POWDER, 1-Ib can ... 40c
Regr. 43c
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. .32£c
Fine Butter our motto. Reg. 40c
CHOICE POINT REYES BUTTER, square. 30c
Now Is the time to have your Butter
Packed for the winter. Res. 33c
BEST CITY EGGS, doom 20c
Gathered dally. Res. 22%c.
MOCHA and JAVA, Our Best, COFFEE Ib.25c
tVe again give our friends a treat
to Ket the best coffee. Regr. 35c. '. 4-.'
NEW SEASON'S TEAS, 6 kinds, ft. . . .40o
¦ Regr. . 60c-73a .
SINGAPORE PINEAPPLES, slicsd ..... 15c
New arrival. Rear.- 25c.
OLD PORT and SHERRY WINE, qt. bot. 25c
> Extra fine. Reg. 40c. Gal. 90c.
MACARONI, SPAGHETTI, box .20c
Vermicelli. ' Reg. 25c.
GINGER CAKES, lb jq-
Regr. 15c lb. • • • • . j
WILLOW CREEK WHISKEY, fall qt. .$1.00
Hand-mad* Sour Mash. Re* $150*
Gal. $3 E0. Reg-. J4 50. 10 years old
STRYKER'S KITCHEN SOAP, 7 cake3. .25c
Best Sand Soap. Regr. 5c cake.
GHIRARDELLI'S COCOA, £-tt> can 20c
Regular 25c.
JAPAN HEAD RICE, 5 lbs ....25c
Regrular 3 lba 25c. -
SEEDED RAISINS, 3 1-Ib pkfjs 25c
Highest quality. Reg. 13c pltg.
Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate, 1-Ib can 25c
Res. 30c -
SUGAR CORN, American Brand, 3 "cans 25c
Extra. Reg. 13%c can. k
JESSE MOORE WHISKET, quart bot 75c
Reg. 90c. *^
IRISH, and SCOTCH WHISKEY, qt bot$1.00
Imported from Belfast. ' Reg. $1 25.
0DR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of these "special" sales.
"We »hip free of chargre within 10O miles, on
all orders exceeding JS. Ask for monthly
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 232. Jfo Branch Stores.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,'
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
FOR SALE.
Improved Farm of 2000 Acres
Rich Valley Land in Ma-
dera County.
For particulars address FARM, 313 Market
Street.- S. F." 'tZ'l' V ; •
pHiiii
n^HISWELL-KJIOWITAJTD RELIABLE OL1\
X Special 1st c«r« Blood Poison. Gonorrhcea.Gleet,
Stricture. Seminal Weakness, Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, free.
OverCOyears'experience. Terms reasonable. Hour*.
9 to3daUy;6:OTto&30ev'gs.Rnndays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free andsacredly confidential. Can oraddma
P. ItOSCOE ]!icXUI.TY,,M.D.
SO Ji Kearny St.. »aa Jfc'rancisco, CsX*
Hale's. _ [ »
Veil ing No vel ties 25c and 5 oc.
Another express shipment. of new veilings goes on sale this morning—
among them is the latest Parisian fad.the new Complexion Veil. It i 3 in
pastel effects, combinations of brown and white, black and white, blue and
white, gray and white— also new meshes in plain ana dotted tuxedo, Brussels
net and chiffon veilings, as well as new pattern veils— a handsome choosing
at one price, 50c.
New Bordered Patterned Veils 25c— set off with a cluster of dots. In
the 25c lot are also plain and fancy tuxedo, dotted or plain chiffon, and
grenadine veils — 25c. ~::~*?'ij : -: L S_\
flen's i2]c Collars for 7c.
/^-, Op a dozen f op 80c.
J UiF|!'l| ¦ F«ve good styles — those you want most and for which " yotj
C\ j JJ would gladly pay I2$4c The manufacturer's agent wanted U9
Ln^ to hel P him even up his stocks. Of course we'd do it when
/KT~y% - he would make it to our advantage— almost 300 dozen, includ-
(^£)f\ 3 m % every size from 14 t o 17 Z A, came to us, so we can give them
j^^\-^^ to you at * .* ; "
vr&rch 8Oc trer dozen or Tc each*
Men's Handkerchiefs 5c— Plain white ones, hemmed, hemstitched or
wiiw colored borders — a splendid quality we will sell to-day at 5c each or Soc
a dozen. > z.
Children's Percale Dresses
To-day 5Oc.
They have ruffles "over the shoulders- and around the yoke — yoke is
trimmed with two rows of lace — skirt is full — colors are pink, blue and lav-
ender. They are for child 4 to 14 years old. We picture the dress here in
detail:
Percale Dresses 95c.
A!so in j?ing-hani— yokes of open work, white lawn trimmed with braid and ruffles
over shoulders and around yoke and back— choose from checks and stripes in red.
blue and pink— sizes 4 to 14 years. Our price ...J)3c
, Percale Dresses $1.25.
In stripes, made in blouse effect— yoke of plain material with straps of striped
percale, trimmed with ruffle and edged with embroidery— 2 colors, pinks and blues
—sizes 4 to 12.
1 Misses' Jackets S3. 95
«^ OO Of blue mixed and tan covert cloths—
- *fArt bishop sleeves, trimmed with fancy but-
tons, lined with satin— 4 to IS years.
Child's Box Coat $1.95
Double-breasted effect— made of navy blua
*££) twilled flannel — 6 to 14 years. V
iMBP 8 Child^Hats
P^^^vfll re ap k e< * Down.
Wwf RA^ Out reduction sale of millinery aj>-
WtJkvllt&SWL JU plies as, well to children's as it does to
fffiMfo?ffi%S'^L women's hats. In the former reduc-
Mpi^ij'y'-f^^'^ tions run this wise:
' MftlmWm"'- $2.00 Hats for $1.50.
iSIf lw^ $2.5O and 65.00 Hats
J * J WriBf^ for $3.00.
|Sf Wi They are simple, stylish affairs in a largr»
Hf X9 • - • variety of trimmingns and styles. Excel-
1/ \*l lent values even at their former prices—
/ \ \Vv 80 of them to go now at dose to hal£ price.
|r S fa n d a r. d SKirtsi
Iraffiii \ 1^9 Look for th* {?tan<3ard Shirt ESSf I SM
»mSSL \ K*i I-*tx?l— it m«a.K3 a CaJlfomia made I JXf / SBBaB
fe'tS^ft \ V&A thlrt— maflt by home taJem in & mode!. KW / JB^B
W*?3&ft \ ¥§» Wf ' 11 Vfcr "-iIaJ-^l lactory. Over 10d0 San E/ / BBM1
»yv3*3i \ Fran' -^x-o i>*<}r,\? art turning: out Stands mm I JSomO
lB^3 U ard Slil rt» in our city every day— it's V 0 uBSs/W
El2&\»A I *5fl h'-'^^ Industry, & / JBxSIb
B^A^l 1 Ji TT ><ILle * l a " 'e^lne furnishing Wk. I umVlmram
nJcyyt \% I M>% and drj- ;oo<i^ mom, K&k. / >qMKk8
Pffl''^im. iJtSyi NEt'STADTER BliOf?., HtSnOflKS
I^^^w^WvvtB Manufacturer?. S^mM P
Pbgn fa ' "~ r "i"i«''n. c*\, rhm OH