THE pollce';have in custody three
men who are supposed 'to be mem
bers of .the. Bang that : has been
.' operating , in Eastern cities with
: • worthless mining stock. .• In . Chi
cago the men amassed considerable money
and "they . were 'also successful ,in ; New j
.York, Denver and- Portland:; The three
men were' arrested yesterday, morning by
Detectives T.B. Gibson, JRyan and Dillon
and. gave the names of .Charles Gordon,-
by his female assistants. The women are
all fashionably 'dressed and are glib talk 7
ers. So profitable has Donnely found San
Francisco that he has been obliged to ad
vertise for assistance In order to gather in
tho money.
On Sunday, May 26, the following adver
tisement-appeared in a morning paper:
WANTED— Three younj ladles of good address
•and education, on salary. Apply . room 612
Emma spreckels building, Monday, between
9 and 12 m.. no later.
This advertisement brought a swarm of
young women to Donnely's office, and
some of them were selected and started
out" to "list'the town" and sell tickets for
concerts. •
Plans to Give Concerts.
Donnely planned to give a concert on
No books are kept by Donnely for the
Inspection of the societies he ! gives* con
certs" for. The contracts he makes are
similar to those used by his 'former co
worker. Mrs. Gregory. . They stipulate
that a concert Is to be given and that
the parties giving the concert shall sell
tickets and bear allexpenses. 7 The society
is guaranteed a certain . cash sum, never
more than $200, and' "75 per cent of all
money, taken In at the door on the night
of the 'concert." After '. the city has been
thoroughly worked in the sale of tickets,
the average amount of cash taken in "at
the "door" Is ' less than $20. The -society
would thus receive" never more than:$215, :
while the schemers' would clear up hun
dreds of .dollars from- the outside, sales}
-Donnely admits that it is an' easy "thing:
to dispose of thousands of tickets. at $1
How Receipts Are Shared.
C. Ernest Edwards poses as "manager
of the concerts," and his picture adorns
the advertising cards, which Dcnnely has
gathered In from all windows where they
were displayed until a few days ago. Ed
wards is the man who engages the talent
for the concerts and invariably manages
to secure the services of well known peo
ple gratis, in the name of charity. Miss
Edwards is supposed to be a sister of the
"concert manager," and she is skilled In
disposing of tickets among merchants and
professional men. 1 The women of the Don
nely aggregation who are skilled work In
downtown districts, while the novices en
gaged in the city are sent to call on ladles
whose names, figure in the society blue
bock. : . ,
The Call exposed the doings of
Mrs. Gregory Donnely took alarm He
hastily called In all the advertising cards
he had distributed for the concert of July
8 and instructed his assistants not to sell
any more tickets, but only to sollci£ dona
tlcns. "...
June 27 at Golden Gate . Hall In aid of
"the San Francisco Boys' Home." A sec
ond concert was fixed for Monday even
ing. July 8, at the Alhambra Theater in
aid of the "Children's Home Finding So
ciety." Just how many tickets hav<« been
sold or what donations have been made
to these "benefit" concerts is known only
to Donnely and his associates.
Continued on Page Two.
1 lewis wired:' the brokers in St. Louis
May; 24 to; communicate through a bank
there 'with"' him with the object of closing
the* deal, but ¦ instead of v getting a • reply
through : the* bankr received a , reply from
Hackett a & Co: urging him w to complete the
transaction -and expressing surprise at the
Broker Reports to Police.
Lewis; got the names of the three brok
ers in St. Louis whom Bogy was supposed
to have employed to find the missing cer
tificate. They were Joseph M. Hackett &
Co., Mason & Douglass and Carleton,' Rose
&:Co.^He at once opened up telegraphic
correspondence with them and. received
replies that they were willing to give all
the way from<15 to 19 cents per. share for
the stock. .There -seemed a big profit In
prospect, and "Lewis Crosby to
place the" « certificate with' the Bank of
California as : security, . but Crosby i object
ed., Lewis went to a friend and told him
of the snap. -.The friend examined the cer
tificate- and declared' It genuine, at • the
same , time , expressing his" willingness to
advance the $3000.'
The letter seemed genuine, and Gordon
asked Lewis if he would not trade oil
stock for the mining stock provided they
got Crosby's consent to sell," ¦ and they
could divide ' the ; profits. Lewis had a
large quantity of [ oil stock and borrowed
enough to cover. the 60,000 shares. By ar
rangement he went with Gordon to Cros
by's room, at 311 Leavenworth street, the
'following; Tuesday. Crosby was In bed,
and Gordon explained that Crosby had
got into a scrape with a woman. Crosby
kept up the' deception by groaning from
pretended pain _ all the time Lewis and
Gordon were in the room. Crosby showed
the certificate for the 60,000 shares in the
"Ward. Consolidated Gold Mining Com
pany, which he pulled from under his
'pillow, jbut said he had decided not to
take oil stock In exchange. He wanted
hard cash, at the rate of 5 cents per share.
Sard Cash. Was Wanted.
this city unknown to Bogy, who had in
structed three broke. s in St. Louis to en
deavor to; find it and buy the stock.
Rodgers had found that the certificate
had | been ; turned over by Duncan to his
nephew, ,H. C. Crosby, who was in this
city. Rodgers had not told 'Bogy, and he
thought that- If Crosby could be Induced
to sell at a : low figure they might make
considerable money, out of the transac
tion. r \ : . l\ : ,.: . , '¦¦¦'
Ames also saw the advertisement offer
ing the Investment of $3000, and a client
asked him to look into it.- He answered
the advertisement and Gordon called upon
him. Ames was told exactly the same
story as Lewis, except that Crosby was
willing to sell for $3000. Ames wired to>
St. Louis and was offered from 12 to 15
cent3 per share. He finally wired Carle
ton. Rose & Co. "Will you wire $0000 to b«
paid to us here upon delivery to Colum
bian Banking Company of 60,000 shares
Ward stock?" Thursday he received a
reply in the affirmative ' and to send de
scription of stock. ' He did so and re
ceived the reply: "Description Is correct.
Deposit money in First National Bank.
Have bank wire confirmative description
and we will wire money at your expense."
Early Thursday* afternoon a | stranger
came' into Ames" office and opened nego
tiations for stock for Denver parties. He
would not give his name. He offered
$6000 cash", for the 60 000 shares, but Ames
told him of the higher offer he bad got
from St. Louis. The stranger told him
he would wire to Denver and asked Ames
not to close till to-day, when he would
get a" reply. He was a. confederate of the
swindlers. After he went away Amej
again wired* Carleton. Rose & Co.. St.
Louis, that stock would be deposited only
on the payment of cash. The answer came
yesterday morning that they, could not
understand Ames* hesitancy. If the stock
was all right they would wire the money.
The stock would be tied up only one day,
until the bank should confirm previous de
scriptions. " . '
Ames had been suspicious throughout
Fourth. Han of the Gang.
fied that the gang had a confederate In
St. Louis, who telegraphed under the
names given by Gordon to Lewis.
Desborough saw an advertisement In a
morning paper offering an Investment for
$3000 and double money promised. He an
swered It and . Gordon called, j He was
shown the certificate for the 60.000 share3
and wired to the bogus brokers In St.
Louis. .^ He ultimately came to the con
clusion that the scheme was a swindle
and /on June 8 so notified Captain Sey
mour. He was so .exasperated that he
placed, an advertisement in The Call ask
ing Gordon to call at his office, but Gor
don was too foxy and did not accept the
Invitation. ' If he had done so he would
have .'met with an exceedingly warm re
ception. Desborough's . only loss Is tha
cost of the telesram to St. Louis.
delay. This aroused Lewis' suspicions and
he decided to wire Bo?y In Denver. That
day he received a message from the West
ern Union Telegraph Company to call at
the office. . He , did so and was shown a
paper that Bogy did not know the sender
of the dispatch to him; he did not know
of any such deal, and some one had evi
dently been falsely using his name. Lewis
was then satisfied that the whoje thing
was a fraud, and communicated with
Captain Seymour, who detailed Detective
Gibson on the case. Lewis Is out the cost
of * the telegrams and 510 which Gordon
borrowed from him on the strength of be
ing, his supposed cousin, for his own sat
isfaction he got the Germania Bank, with
which he deals, to wire to St. Louis about
the three brokerage firms, and the bank
received "a reply that the brokers were un
known In that city. The police are satis-
THE PRINCIPALS - IN ' THE AT
• TEMPTED MINING STOCK BUN-
Continued on Page Two.
. So profitable Is Donnely's scheme that
he is able to pay one. of his lady can
vassers a salary of 5300 per month, others
receiving $230 and $200. Some of the women
en me from the East . with Donnely and
have assisted him in the charity bunko
game in other cities. . -, ,-.'. . ¦
Donnely Is the prime mover. in this game
of spoils. He sits in his office and makes
out the lists of charitably Inclined ladles
and gentlemen wh.o are to be called upon
• ¦¦'*.-.
Donnely Pays Big Salaries.
Mrs. Pettee as a bookkeeper, on the rec
ommendation of the Youns Men's Chris
tina Association. Tracy was discharged
by Mrs. Pettee in a short time, but before
being discharged he Introduced M. B.
Weinberg to Mrs. Pettee, and Weinberg
was engaged as secretary of the society.
Weinberg was formerly associated with
his brother as a dealer in clothing out
near the Presidio, and was warned off the
reservation.
Donnely was Introduced to Mrs. Pettee
by Weinberg, who claimed to have known
him for ten years in the East. An offer
of Donnely to pay half the rent of Mrs.
Pc-Uee's office in the Emma Spreckels
building was accepted bjrthe lady and the
gratters were no sooner installed in the
office when they practically ousted - Mrs.
Pettee'and ran things to suit themselves!
Mrs. Gregory worked formerly with
Donnely and his associates, but later
started in "business" for herself.
PRINCIPALS IN THE CHARITY
BUNKO SCHEME AND HIS
CHIEF ASSISTANT.
•J* — — — '.
The schemers have worked themselves
into the ' good graces of Mrs. John
Pettee of this city, who is weir known in
charitable circles. Mrs. Pettee ' some
months ago founded the Universal Ser
vice Society for Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals and Children. A man- named
Tracy, an ex-«oldier. was engaged by
How the' Schemers Work.
A GANG of professional .."charity
workers." headed by a man
known as William Donnely,* Is
now engaged in imposing upon
the' citizens of this fdty". the
headquarters of the aggregation being in
room 612, Enima Spreckels building. '
The expose of the methods of Mrs. K. C.
Gregory, alias Graham, by The Call a few
days ago has been followed up by. fur
ther investigations, with the result that
this paper has discovered that a number
of persons are banded together for the
purpose of "milking the public," the term
used by the schemers In referring to their
Imprsition on charitably Inclined citizens.
i Associated with William Donnely, who
i < laims to hail from New 'York, are ' C.
Ernest Edwards, M. B. Weinberg, Miss
Helen Barnes. Miss Bertie Edwards. Miss
Mae TI!d*>n and Miss Deitweilcr, while a.
number of respeeta'ble young women of
£an Francisco have been duped Into ac
cepting employment with the unsavory
outfit.
The methods of Donnely and his -gang
are practically the same as those exposed
by The Call in the case of Mrs. Gregory.
Charitable an/1 benevolent societies are
epproached with the offer of a "benefit"
concert, which results In the societies get
ting one dollar to nine dollars pocketed
by the schemers.
r"n1es=s the police interfere with Donnely
end his associates, or the public stops do
nating to the "benefit" concerts he is en
gineering-, the combination is likely to
clear up many thousands of dollars in
this city. For the past month Donnely
and his operatives have been engaged in
selling tickets for. benefit concerts to be
tflven In a!d of the San Francisco Boy*'
Home, run by a man named Hutchinson
In the Mission, and also for the Children's
Finding Society of Oakland. Hutchinson's
"home" has been exposed as not being all
thai is claimed for it, and he is at present
hand and glove with Donnely.
Select the. First Victim.
Lewis was the first one selected by' the
gang. Gordon called at his office, on FrN
day, May 17, and introduced himself as a
second cousin from Denver. • He 1 was fa
miliar with all Lewis', relatives. and 4 told
him that his * real r.ame was Rodgers but
he had assumed the name of Gordon, as
he had trouble with his wifeand did not
want", ner to know • where '¦¦ he > was. .' He
showed .: Lewis a letter purporting to be
fromW. : T. Rodgers, employed In 'the of
fice of - the . R. C." Bogy Investment • Com
pany,, Denver. Gordon first enjoined Lewis
to the' utmost secrecy.. : In; the. letter it
was stated that Bogy^, was anxious to get
control of : the' stock of j the -Ward Consoli
dated'Gold Mining Company, of Colorado,
as : an"' English I syndicate ;. was ; negotiating
to ''buy'.' the mine, which had developed ex-^
tensive ores. " Rodgers had 'discovered that
af certificate ¦ for^ 60,000 shares, : Issued to
Samuel E. * Duncan,;, had " been located in
Three different stockbrokers in the city,
at least, have been approached by the
swindlers, but Captain j Seymour expects
that others will.be reported. The three
are Paul Redfield Lewis, stockbroker, 210
Examiner building;. "W. A. Desborough of
the National Investment Company, 825
Market street, and W. B. Ames, manager
Investors'" Development Company, 5 640
Market stree't. Their experience was prac
tically the same.
There is another member of the gang
still at : liberty. Captain Seymour was
called up by telephone after the three
men were arrested and a man's voice told
him that Gordon lived at 721; Clayton
street, which proved to be false. The
supposition is that" the confederate tele
phoned to throw" the detectives off the
scent. •
Gordon, or Rodgers, as he is also known,
was identified last night as Frank Fegen
bush, one of the most noted confidence
men in the country. Some time ago he.
and another crook, named Harry Dubois,
swindled a wealthy man of. Chicago out
of $8000 by the' same means the gang
worked in this city. Fegenbush was re
leased on bonds and fled to Denver, where
he swindled a woman named " Laura
Flxen to the extent of. $4000. He is also
wanted in New York and other places for
similar offenses. , -_.-..,; ,
H. C. Crosby and H. A. Barton. They
will be detained pending further investi
gation.
The only person reported missing \ up to
midnight ( Was , George , H. Kopper , janitor
of the. Criminal. Court ; building. 'V
Captain' Abraham Johnson of the North
field was arrested •>' about: midnicht on a
charge of criminal- negligence. .vHejs held
without bail, ; and ,wlll , be arraigned ! to
morrow. ,~. v • •' ' s . •¦ .' ' ' *•'
Captain Griffin of the Mauch .Chunk
went to; his -home, in "Jersey City notions
after .-the; accident: occurred. ' Officers -of
therJersey Central Railroad gave^assur
ances ; . that"; Captain'* Griffin*; would? make
his ; appearance * in ' court ; toj answer to a
technical ', charge ' of.'; manslaughter. .-. , '•-;.'*.?>'
! When the accident appeared inevitable
the. Communl paw ferry boat's speed was
reduced as much as possible .under the
circumstances, but. borne along by the
swift running flood tide, the head of the
Mauch "Chunk; struck the Northfield on
the starboard side at the head of the for
ward ladies' cabin on the main deck. The
blow. Was a terrific one and the force of it
wrecked the steering gear of the forward
end of the"; Mauch .Chunk, tore^up.about
ten feet of the main deck, < wrecked' the
deckhouse on' the port side and broke
through the deck rail and threw down the
stanchions; on* the': forward part of , the
Central Railroad boat. .',. ..*... , ."_ ,
The Northfield, with a load of passen
gers variously estimated at S0O to 1200. at
6:01 p. m. started out of the west slip at
Whitehall street for St. George, Staten
Island, and at'5:53 p. m. the Mauch
Chunk left the railroad slip at Communl
paw for Whitehall street. " The • latter
craft was abreast of the Barge Office at
the Battery when the Northfleld came
out of the slip. 'An exchange of whistles
between the boats "was' followed by the
crash./ Captain Griffin apparently be
lieved that the Staten Island ferry boat
would be halted until he had worke'd his
boat into the upper slip, and on the other
hand Captain Johnson supposed that he
would be' allowed to cross the Mauch
Chunk's bows. . ,
The swift running flood "tide and the
question of which boat had the right of
way was the cause of the disaster. Cap
tain Abraham Johnson was in charge of
the Northfield and Captain C. S. Griffin
was in command of the ( Mauch Chunk.
Each lays the blame for the collision
upon the other.
Captains Blame One Another.
While the Northfield was well supplied
with life-preservers, .which were stowed
in out-of-the-way places, not more than
two dozen of the endangered passengers
were able to get the lifebelts on. This
state of affairs was" because the life-pre
servers were not handily obtainable, and
the wildest sort _ of. panic followed when
the hundreds of passengers realized their
danger. This was only a few minutes
before the Northfield. sank to the bottom
of the river; and then all who had not
jumped to the tugs found themselves in
the water..
The reason for such difference ; of- opln£
ion as ¦ to" the extent'- of k A theV<iU.saster" is
that "the "wildest jexcftemerit'preyafled~"on
the Northfield. ,-The tug.' Mutual- saved In
all about, seventy-five' persons from the
Northfield, and the tugs "Unity and Arrow
saved between them 150 persons. /"Two
policemen of the Old Slip: station claim
to have rescued nearly thirty. As soon
as ' the crowd which had' followed the
sinking ferry-boat along the river -front
was able to render any aid it worked with
a" will, and in many instances' men sprang
into the water to save life. The greatest
service was rendered by the . tugboats,
¦which circled around the Northfield and
made a bridge to ; the : Spanish 'line pier.
Men and women clambered over the tugs
to the shore. . ,
that the disaster was not so • serious; as
regards loss of .life. Thus far no ¦ bodies
have been recovered. . . -, ¦ <'¦ -.''¦
Tugs Do Splendid Work.' ..«:'" .
NEW, YORK,- June j 14.— The * wooden
sidewheeler Northfield, which has been
in the service of the Stateri Island Ferry
Company for the past thirty-eight years,
was rammed to.-night by the steel-hulled
propeller Mauch Chunk, used as, a ferry
boat by the Central* Railroad of. New Jer
sey." The' collision occurred ; just off , the
Staten .Island ferry slip, at the ' foot of
Whitehall street; and in less than twenty
minutes afterward -the' Northfleld. which
was crowded with passengers; sank at
the outer end of the Spanish line pier, in
the East River. The Mauch Chunk,
which .was badly damaged, landed two
dozen pnssengers who were aboard of her.
More than a nundred of ' the passengers
of the; sunken: Northfleld were dragged
out of . the water by people along shore and
the crews of the fleet of rivervtugs. which
promptly responded to the /ferry-boat's
call for help; A few of the ' Northfield's
passengers were hurt in the accident, and
the police believe that • some .lives' were
lost. Captain Daniel Gully of the tugboat
Mutual, who zaw the ferry-boats . crash
together, says that immediately after the
collision between twenty-five and thirty
of the passengers leaped into the water
andjthat many of them perished. Captain
Gully also declared that he was sure that
more than a- hundred of, the Northfield's
passengers were drowned. The captains
of other tugboats who were ; early on the
scene' are inclined, however," to believe
Tugboat Crews Ha Valiant Service-in
Rescuing Scores of Persons |
' From the Water. ;
Old Side wheeler," Is Rammed
and Sunk by the Steel
; Mauch Chunk.
Many Passengers of the
Northfield Go Down
to Death.
FERRY-BOATS
COLLIDE ON
EAST RIVER
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC-2NO. 15.
SAN FRANCISCO, SAtURD^Y, JUNE 15, 1901^
William Donnely, the Leader of the Crowd, Is Aided by
Well-Dressed and Pretty Women Who Canvass the
City Daily, Turning Over Contributions to Employer
BUNKO CHARITY WORKERS DUPE
BENEVOLENT CITIZENS, SECURING
MONEY FOR "BENEFIT" CONCERTS
¦ ¦¦ . i ¦ - • ¦' . _¦ . ¦ ¦ . . i. , . *
Their Scheme Is to Induce Men to Buy Worthless Shares
in Golqrado Mining Companies in Belief, That Denver
Men Are Ready to Buy /Them at Big Advance in Price
EASTERN SHARPERS FAIL IN ATTEMPTS
TO SWINDLE BROKERS OF SAN FRANCISCO
IN A MINING STOCK BUNKO GAME
The San Francisco CallAppointed Marshal of.: New Mexico.
WASHINGTON, June 14.—Tlie President
to-day appointed -Cretghton~Mr '• Koraker
Marshal of the Territory of New Mexico.
-r| /fj GR. OTTAV IO CAGIANO DE .
AVW AVEZEDO, the present Cham
k v l\ DerIaln ln the Pope's .house-
Y "*-V. hold, will be the successor of
• . Cardinal Delia Volpe in the
post' of majordomo — the most important -
of the positions in the service of the pon- ¦
lifical family.
Before 1870 the > majordomo of the Pope
was , also /tlae Prefect" of the Apostollca >
Palaces, and thus united In himself, all ad- j
ministrative and judiciary "power over 'the
household... The events of September 20
caused many changes In thlsjurlsdictlon,
and modifications were" carried" out. : which
¦restricted the'powers of the majordomo. .-.
» Of. air the .rights once exercised by .'that
•functionary; he. -now. retains only that "of
always accompanying the Pope, and suc
ceeds eventually ' to the governorship of
the conclave. | He is, the •.chief • of • the
singers of- the.- papal', chapel,, and has the
direction'of-religious ceremonies.' <• .
ANTIOCH, -June 1 14.— Brown j Bros. | of
Corra'.itcs, ,_•; Santa ¦' Cruz .! County, have
bought the Antioch. paper-mills ;from; C
,M; Belshaw. They have tfeeh negotiating
for ', the- plant ,ever since they;: closed it
down' about a year . ago.' : At- that tim°
they, offered Belshaw $10,000 for the prop
erty, but- he asked $17,000^ The price paid
vras. probably' something- between 'these
figures.' The Browns will move their en
tire plant over, from Corralitos, and it will
be merged into. the Antioch plant.
Purchase Antioch Paper Kills.
The three men refused to make any
statement, saying they wanted to consult
an attorney first.- - / .. ;
• Last night the ¦ detectives ¦ located Gor
don's room at 423 Eddy street, where he.
was known as P.- S. Stlckney. A large
amount of correspondence from prospect
ive victims was found in the room.
Licwls claims that after Gordon~called
at his office he. missed a certificate for
30,000 ehares of oil stock, but as it was
not Indorsed It was worthless and he did
not care to bother about it. - ,
When the men were searched there were
found, besides the Ward Consolidated cer
tificate, a certificate f*r 5000 shares in the
Czar Gold Mining Company of Denver
30,000 shares in the Doctor Gold Mining
and Milling Company of Colorado Spring
end 20,000 shares in the Rockford Gold
Mlr.ing and Milling Company of Cripple
Creek. How the certificates came Into
the possession of the three men will be a
matter for Captain Seymour to discover
if possible. The certificate of the Ward
Consolidated Company is said to be gen
uine, but the stock is worthless and not in
the market.
Nothing Is known of the men here In
connection with their mining deals they
evidently solicited subscriptions for the
"New Werner Edition of the Encyclope
dia Kritannlca." as orders and other pa
pers were found In their room at 11 Tay-
Jor street. • -,, .- - - * ¦.
the progress of negotiations. His suspi
cion was increased by the actions of Bar
ton, who was the "trader" for the
swindlers, and who kept, bobbing up,
waiting for developments. He . de
cided to communicate with Captain
Seymour, and an arrangement was made
with the detectives to meet Gordon at
Taylor and Turk streets, as he had tele
phoned to Ames that Crosby was confined
to bed and could not call at the' office.
Gordon was quickly placed under arrest
and Crosby and Barton were found at 11
Taylor street. Crosby had his eyes paint
ed black and his head bandaged. Gibson
made him wash his face and the apparent
discoloration of his eyes disappeared.
There was nothing the matter with him.
The police are searching for the fourth
man, who called at Ames' office Thursday
and who telephoned to Captain Seymour
yesterday afternoon. -
Continued from Page One.
EASTERN SHARPERS FAIL
i -
BUTTE, Mont., June 14.— The question
as to whether it is forgery to reproduce
coupons from a newspaper In a voting
contest will probably be decided in a case
that has just arisen here. The Butte
Inter-Mountain has been carrying on a
voting contest, the winners to get free
trips to the Buffalo Exposition. To-day
D. K. Walton, an employe of the People's
Publishing Company, was arrested,
charged with forging coupons and selling
them. He was released on bail. The man
agers of the publishing company do not
deny making the plates and printing the
coupons, but say there Is no forgery In re
producing such a thing from a news
paper. Thousands of the bogus coupons
have been voted, and the Inter-Mountain
people propose to find out If the reproduc
tion scheme is a forgery or not.
Attempt "Will Be Hade, to Prosecute
Printer on Cnarge of
Forgery.
REPRODUCE BAXLOTS FOR
USE IN A VOTING CONTEST
,The reporta .of various State 'officers
were read, after which' the . Rev. \F '-W '
Reid, - ex-secretary ofi' the - California 5
Union, delivered ; an .-address
on . "The Message • of Christian " Eiideavor
ers'for the New Century/' , ; •-* -.
SANTA ANA, June 14.— There was » not
sufficient room in the large Methodist
church to-day to accommodate the great
crowd of Christian Endeavor delegatesand
their friends. Over 100 more delegates ar
rived .this morning, and a large number
came in to-night from Los Angeles "and"
other near points. ' ' . - ¦¦'.-_ ,. t .
A feature of the afternoon programme
was "Practical Christian Work— The Cof
fee Club," as exemplified by. Miss Frazer
of San Jose.' Reports of department su
perintendents were received { during the
afternoon session, including VGood Citi
zenship,'" by Leonard Merrill, .Memorial
Baptist Church, Los -'.Angeles; "Quiet
Hour," Dr. Sara E. Wise, First Baptist,
San Francisco; "Commercial. Travelers
and Carmen," Gilbert Robertson, , San
Francisco; "Jun'or Work,',' Miss Belle P.
Mason, San Diego; "Intermediate Work,"'
William G. Alexander, First' Presbyterian
Church, San Jose; "Transportation,"
George P. Lowell,. First Presbyterian
Church, Oakland. . - . .
"Instances of Direct Result In Floating
Work" was cllscussed by George- P.
Lowell of Oakland and Miss Floy Barnes
of San Diego. The Rev.' H. J. Weaver,
superintendent of Los Angeles County,"
dellvered a most Interesting address on
"The Tenth Legion of the Twentieth
Century," and "Normal Bible Study" was
substituted for an address on "Essentials
in Bible Study," programmed for the Rev.
W. H. Harper of Redlands, who was. ab
sent. - ¦ ' ¦' ¦ • -:¦ y,~ ~
This afternoon there were denomina
tional rallies, receptions and special pro
grammes tit all the churches in the city,
and lunch was served- at nearly, all '• of
them. - - \ , . ;» _
The Rev. A. C. Smlthers of the First
Christian Church of Los Angeles delivered
'a powerful address to-night on "Bringing
Our/ Thoughts into Captivity." The -Rev.
Dr. Smithers advocated 'bringing' our
thoughts into captivity from' sin to Christ
—that' the heart should be captured for
Christ. Hedwelt upon the gift of human
speech divine, how to preach, to pray to
God when the speech was - captured for
Christ. Our conduct for Christ is to have
our characters fashioned for Christ, he
said: ; At - the conclusion of . the : address
the speaker was heartily applauded. ..'¦'.
At the opening session this evening E.
C. Lyon, chairman of the. business com
mittee, read the following congratulatory
telegrams: - ¦ \ . ' • "
: SAN FRANCISCO." May. 14.— Chairman Chris
tian Endeavor Convention, Santa Ana, Cal. : '
i Epworth T^eaeue : International • Convention'
! Committee • sends ChrlRtlan creet ings and In
vites California Endeavorers to largest parti-'
clpatlon In the approaching convention/. Pray
with us that this may be as memorable ' for
blessing as was your '97 convention. v,v .. -
; - " - v THOMAS . FIL.BEN. •,
To this the following answer, was re
turned: .; -. ¦ ' • ¦¦:¦>'
'¦ SANTA ANAi June 14.— Chairman : League
International Convention Committee, San Fran
cisco: Christian Endeavor Union In 'conven
tion assembled Bends greetings,- praying God's
richest blessing to your convention and gladly
acceptlnc '. Invitation ¦ to participated --' ». £» : •,'
. G, M. WARREN. President.
• By E., C. LYON, Chairman Business Com
¦:¦¦ ralttee; /¦.-.• ." . •¦.-'¦ • :-. . • ' ... ,.->
Christian Endeavor Dele-
gates Discuss Church ¦].
\ Labors. *
TELL OF WORK
FOR RELIGION
SACRAMENTO, June 14.— The fourth
day's session of the Grand Parlor of -the
Native Daughters of the Golden West
opened in the Senate chamber this morn
ing,* Grand President Ema Gett in the
chair. The \ following grand officers were
elected:'... . , ¦ .^ . ' ~ \ .
Grand President, Mrs.VGenevleve "Wat
son Baker, .Buena Vista No. 68, San Fran-'
cisco; grand " vice president, Eliza D.
Keith, Alta No.- 3, "San Francisco; grand
secretary, Laura- J.Frakes, Amapola No.
80, Sutter Creek; grand-treasurer,,Aman
da Hanimerlt, piedmont" No. §7, Oakland ;
grand marshal,. Harriet S: Lee. Woodland
No. 90, Woodland; grand inside sentinel,
Anna- Henderson, Los ; Pimientos No. 115,
Santa Paula; grand outside sentinel, • Eva
G. Bussennis,* La Esperanza No. 24, Los
Angeles; grand trustees— Maud Woods,
La Bandera No. 110, Sacramento (elected
unanimously); Mrs. Ariana Sterling,
Alali, Salinas City; Mrs. E. Gnekow.Joa
quin, Stockton; Mrs. Ella Camlnetti, Ur
sula, Jackson; Mrs. Emma Thierbach, La
Estrella. San Francisco; Stella Flndel
drey. Santa Cruz; Mrs; Delia Shine. Dar
danelles, Sonora • ¦' . • >
The Grand Parlor decided to hold its
next annual session in San Francisco. It
is the intention to extend the session over
a period which will enable the Native
Daughters of San Francisco to provide a
series of social entertainments and trips
to points of interest around the bay. A
committee was appointed consisting of
Grand President-elect Baker, Grand 'Vice
President-elect Keith and Mrs. Emma
Thierbach, grand trustee, to have charge
of the arrangements for * next year's ses
sion. A committee was ; appointed with
Lcna/Hilke Mills ' of Stockton as . chair
man on the proposed revision of the con
stitution and by-laws. The question , of
endowing scholarships in some education
al institution was voted down. -
... The proposition to more, firmly establish
•the Native Daughters' home in San Fran
cisco by the purchase of a site, equipment'
of the home and its ¦ rental at * a • small
figure to the board of relief was referred
back to the local parlors, as was " also
,a proposition to do away with funeral
benefits and substitute a 10 cents per cap
ita tax.', Both these subjects. will be con
sidered at the. next; session. ? - ' - ¦-¦¦¦.
A committee was appointed to carry out
the ideas of Miss Lilly Reichling with re
spect to the preservation of relics of the
State, the committee to consist' of. Eliza
D. Keith; Miss Reichling and Miss Mills.
The session of the Grand Parlor closed
to-nlg-ht with. an installation of- officers
the exemplification of the ritualistic work
and a reception to the ? new 'Officers,', fol
lowed by dancing In the Assembly cham
ber. r ¦: '/ -...> ¦ ¦•¦ ¦;• ¦'•: : ¦ . ¦¦ ¦ ¦ '-¦,¦• -
• - - - . » ' - \
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Native; Daughters ; Con
v elude ;¦ Session in
iv'v Sacramento.
ELECT OFFICERS
OF THE ORDER
Admits H« Was Boasted^ %
Donnely has admitted in -the past few
days that he was scored by the press
in Los Angeles. He Informed Mrs. Pet
tee that he had a copy of. the paper that
had denounced him, but refused to allow
her to see it. The following dispatch
throws some .light on the subject:
LOS ANGELES, June 14.— A man giving
his name as Wellington, W. Danohy, ac
companied by a woman who gave • her
name as Helen Barnes, defrauded char
itable institutions In Los Angeles of about
J1000 during the month of • March. The
pair came to Los Angeles from the East
early in March and spent about a month
here. They stopped at one of the best ho
tels in the city, and spent money freely.
' The woman claimed to be a sister-in-law
of Danohy. Their plan was to create: the
Impression that they were philanthropists
des' 4 -ous of aiding worthy charitable con
cerus. , Dr. Seymour, president of the .local
Humane Society, was induced to sign a
contract for a ' musical- performance,
which was to be given under the direction
of Danohy and * Miss Barnes. They were
given the right to solicit subscriptions for
the benefit of the society -for a certain
percentage and were also" accorded the
privilege of selling.- tickets. .The enter
tainment was given, but Danohy and'his
partner had been exposed and /left for
other pastures. >;
The man and. woman -. pocketed 'the
moneys they obtained through' the 'sale of
tickets and left for San Diepo. where they
worked the same game. They had made
arrangements to work the same scheme
with two other charitable organizations
here and left town nearly 51000 better* off
than they were when they landed here.'.
- '. * 1 ¦» . ' ' f ' '
Some of the young women who have
been hired by Donnely in the past two
weeks have been asked by him to travel
with him to . other cities. One or two
have consented to do so, while others are
in doubt. . • , • -
Mrs. Gregory, who learned^' the* charity
bunko game ¦ from Donnely, recently
approached the Society for the Pre
vention ; of Cruelty to Children and
the . Society for-' the Prevention of
Cruelty, to Animals. In .each case
her offer to give a benefit, concert was
refused. • To Secretary 'Holbrook of the
Society of Prevention of Cruelty to Ani
mals, a letter was sent from the Grand
Hotel, signed "Miss C. C. Graham.". The
writer was requested by Mr. Holbrook to
call upon him, whereupon. Mrs. Gregory
called and claimed that her sister, "Miss
Graham," had written the letter. • Mrs.
Gregory and "Miss Graham" are one and
the same person and her deception was
easily discovered by The Call. ;
Donnely and his band still hold forth
in the Emma Spreckels building. In
room 612. If the concerts for which Don
nely and his associates have sold tickets
do not take place, and the purchasers of
tickets do not receive their money back,
the Donnely schemers will be guilty, of
rank fraud.
One of the persons who answered Don
nely's advertisement for help .was a Airs.
Carr, wife of a* clerk in a liquor house.
Mrs. Carr was set to work selling tickets,
but when she found out that all was not
as represented she turned back a number
of donations and the purchase Drice of
tickets to those from whom she had re
ceived them. When -she told Donnely of
this he was furious and declared Mrs.
Carr had "kept the money. He invoked the
aid of the police, but the officers found
that Mrs. Carr was a respectable, .honest
woman. . -
Experience of a Dupe.
each for a prominent society, providing
his "lady associates" are In good trim.
Those who know the inside working of
the Donnely scheme say that it is a poor
day's work that does not result in three
to five hundred dollars being received
from the sale of tickets. The spoils are
divided each evening. The women start
out in the morning to sell tickets and set
tle with Donnely In the evening. The
women are paid their salaries or percent
ages and Donnely "banks" the balance of
cash in his capacious pockets. He does
not trust the banks of San Francisco, and
buys money orders, which are sent to^his
bank account in the East.
Continued from Pag« One.
BUNKO CHARITY WORKERS
WASHINGTON. D. C, June 14.— The
following postmasters were commissioned
today: Oregon— Eden W. Keasey, Keasey.
Washington — George ."W. Bowen,' Glen
wood. Appointed— Oregon— Mary E. Wil
son, Wilbur, Douglas' County, vice W. G.
Hill, resigned.. Washington— L. O., Behm.
Deep Creek, Spokane County, . vice M. L.
Gardner, resigned; E. L. Darr, Sumner,
Pierce County, vice S. M. Cogley, de
ceased. ¦ ¦ "•• : L ¦ ¦
Pensions were issued to-day as follows:
California — Original — Henry W. Moore,
Santa Barbara, 510; John P. Quinby, Han
ford, $8; Michael Sherry, dead, Oakland,
$6; Oscar Clute, Pomona, $6; Robert Mar
shall, San Francisco, $6. Increase— Davis
A. Sovereign, Long Beach,-. $8; Charlea
Stephens, San Diego, ?12; Michael Dorsey,
Veterans' Home Napa, 58. -Original wid
ows—Maria E. Seoville, Los Angeles, $8;
Julia A. Lane, Garden Grove, $8: minor
of John S. Patterson, Tulare, $14; Eliza
beth Hunter, Alameda, $8; Jannetye Leen
houts, Dos Palos, $8. Mexican war sur
vivors — Increase — Joseph Cyrus, Kern
ville, J12. War with Spain— Original-
France Silva, Hay wards,. $6.
Oregon— Original— Charles J. Buchanan,
Oregon City, 58: Louis Forcler, St. Louis,
$8. .' ;,-?'- .• . - ..
Washington — Original — John' C. Brown
field, Farmer, $6: Jonathan- Crockett, Te
koa, 56: Henry Powell, • Seattle, 56. In
crease—Faustus Beebe, Woodland, 58.
Original widows— Minor of Hiram K.
Richmond, Goldendale, $10.
Of Interest to the Coast.
The town of Santa Cruz is furnishing
light, water and straw for the camp and
it has built a road from the town to the"
gTounds. It has laid new pipe lines all
over the reservation and during the en
campment it Is prepared to fill the road
from end to end with buses and convey
ances of all kinds. Ex-Mayor Lamb has
provided a seventy-five foot staff that
will fly the flag in front of division head
quarters.
To-night a band concert is being given
by the town band* from the porch of the
St. George Hotel. The streets are full of
people and uniformed officers and soldiers
and the city of Santa Cruz is preparing
for a week of excitement and incident.
To-morraw afternoon at 4 o'clock the divi
sion flag will be raised, a. salute will be
fired by the gun detachment from the na
val militia and General Dickinson will
take forma! command of Camp Gage.
Colonel D. E. Miles, adjutant general on
the division staff, has been at the camp
all day directing the advance guards that
are at work there. Colonel Charles J.
Evans, signal officer, has been from town
to camp and from camp to town since
early this morning. He is looking out for
officers' accommodations, headquarters'
fi'rnituxe, mess arrangements, horses.
str blinpr. camp supplies and a host of
other things, besides the comfort and ac
commodation of his own branch of the
service. Major Schmitt and Major C. L.
Hcwes, General Dickinson's aids, - are
wearing out horseflesh on the camp road
and Colonel Huber, the division commis
sary, is sitting in a. barbed ¦wire Inclosure,
surrounded by great piles of commissary
Etores that he is dealing out to brigade
and regimental quartermasters and com
missaries. . -
Of quartermasters and commissaries
there are at least a score already in camp.
Each brigade quartermaster and commis
sary upon the ground is getting his de
partment in shape, and many of the regi
mental quartermasters have arrived.
Lieutenant Colonel Hayes, adjutant gen
eral of the Third Brigade, rode into town
to-day after a trip on horseback from
Fresno. He was accompanied by severa*
of the officers of the staff of the Third
Brigade. Major Perkins, commissary of
the Second Brigade, has been here since
yesterday and. he has brought his depart
ment to a state of readiness. He has been
directing advance guards ail day and to
right nearly all are in position.
This evening's train brought Colonel
Beck and Colonel Runyon of the Gover
nor's staff and Lieutenant T. S» Harloe
and Gunner Richard Schnalle of the na
val militia with a detachment of eight
men. They are here to care for the guns
of the naval militia that will be used in
the camp. There are four Hotchklss one
l>ounders belonging to the naval militia
waiting in the boxcar which brought them
down. To-morrow morning the men from
the naval militia will get them ready- for
transportation to the camp and will place
them there in the position to which they
will be assigned.
Major General Dickinson arrived yes
terday and with him. came the greater
p«rt of his staff. . They have been work
ing like beavers directing the men on the
ground, arranging for headquarters, re
ceiving stores and preparing all the de
tails upon which the success of the camp
will depend.
This afternoon's train from San Fran
cisco brought Brigadier General Warfleld,
the first of the brigadiers to arrive. Col
onel J. F. Burgin, his assistant adjutant
general, was with him, .and he brought
also & sauad of cooks and stewards for
the second brigade headquarters. They
established themselves In camp at once.
So far General Dickinson has not taken
actual command of the camp, nor will he
do so until to-morrow afternoon, when
the greater part of the troops will have
arrived. He Is at the St. George Hotel
with his staff.
BANTA CRUZ, June 14.— Already the
•white tents of Camp Gage are dotting the
hills and canyons of the camp ground and
by noon to-morrow the camp will prac
tically be ready for occupancy. To-mor
row, from the middle of the forenoon un
til well along Into the evening,. the troops
will be arriving. They will come from
north and south and out of the east, for
this will be the greatest camp of the State
militia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Troops From All Parts of the
State Start for the
Gamp.
March Into Santa Cruz
To-Day.
The National Guardsmen
TENTS WHITEN
SEASIDE HILL
For several miles they made good prog
ress, for the river was more or. less: free
from ice, but It required constant care to
elude the floes. It -was not. until they
were two days out that, the peril began.
Without warning the ice jam broke be
hind them and «wept along from Ogilvie
by the swift current. .The thickly running
ice soon overtook them. -Cakes floated on
all sides of their frail raft and they were
in constant danger of destruction, tv-ov
worked incessantly in an effort to extri
cate their raft from its perilous uokiudU
but all their labors were unavailing, and
there was nothing for it but to allow the
raft to be swept along. That they es
caped death they regard as miraculous.
Again and again during their trying voy
age they had narrow escapes from having
their raft turned over or being crushed
between the larger floes. . '.
The men left Indian River for Dawson
on May 13. and arrived .at the Yukon cap
ital oii May 25. They had gone from Daw
son to Indian River over the ice on a
duck-shooting expedition, and meeting no
success had decided to return to Dawson.
The ice had broken, and notwithstanding
that the river was full of ice theydecldbd
to make the voyage on a raft A number
of logs were bound together and on this
raft they placed their. outiit and two dogs
and started for Dawson. .. ' • • .
VICTORIA, B. C June 14.— News was
brought by the* steamer Danube, which
arrived here to-day, of the wild ride of
two miners on an ice jam in the Yukon.
These two miners, L. V. Stanley and Tone
Udegard, were the first men to reach
Dawson from the outside this year' after
the ice broke, but their honor was won
fcnly after a trying experience. - They were>
twelve days aboard a frail '.raft,;, tossed
about like a cork by the huge* ice floes,
and did not know but every minute would
be their last. " . ' .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ploes m the Turbulent
Stream Speed Them
to Dawson.
Prospectors in a Wild
. Raft Ride on the
Yukon.
RIVER OF ICE
IMPERILS MINERS
WI(3R. OTTAVIO CAGIANO DE AVEZEDO
TO BE MAJORDOM0 OF THE VATICAN
Successor of Cardinal Delia Volpe in the Most Important
Position in the: Service of the Pontifical Family
Present Ghamberlain in the Pope's Household Will Be the
TRACKMEN WILL
ABANDON WORK
General Strike Ordered
. V i on the Canadian
Nearly Five : Thousand Men
Will Leave the Railway
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 14.— A gen-^
eral strike .has been ordered of all the"
trackmen (which ' Includes the bridge
builders) organizations of the Canadian
Pacific Railway. The cause of the strike
is the. refusal of the company, to recog
nize the' organizations of the trackmen
and treat with them as they do with the
other brotherhoods of the railway serv
ice. . .'. ¦
The order mailed to. all points in East
ern Canada by William Wilson, president
of- the trackmen,' calls upon them to de
liver their keys to the nearest -station
agent before June 17, and quit all work for
the company. 1 Over 3000 men will gt> out
In Eastern Canada," while in the North
west there w\ll .be another thousand join
them In sympathy with the action in the
East, and British Columbia will probably
swell the number by -five hundred. more.
. On Wednesday the final decision of the
grievance committee, as it is called, was
presented to President Shaughnessy and
Vice President D. McNicoll.of the Cana
dian Pacific The chief contention of the
men is that their unions should be recog
nized, and over Eastern Canada they ask
an increase of ' wages, the same as has
been granted in British Columbia. The
conference continued on Thursday morn-
Ing, but in the afternoon a letter . -w *»Ich
was sent by the committee to the presi
dent caused a suspension of the meeting.
President ¦ Shaughnessy replied .that the
company had no answer to make. Later
in the evening the order was issued for
the strike and to-day is being circulated.
A dispatch from Montreal this evening
says that another conference is being
held, but what is being done is not re
lated. How far the strike will extend is
a question about which grave concern is
felt. The • trackmen j are well organized
and have a good deal of funds, and their
members say that the other organizations
of the road will certainly see them
through. The trackmen Include section
gangs and, especially In the West, the
bridge construction crews are large.
\ POPE % LEO'S ;NEW 5 MAJOR DOMO '
1 AND THE PRELATE WHOM HE
'SUCCEEDS. - -
SINK TO DEATH
IN ERIE BASIN
Men Aboard.
Transport Ingalls Goes
Down in New- York
Harbor.
Slips From the Drydock and
Oapsizss With Many-
NEW YORK, June 14.— While the United,
States transport Ingalls was In the bal
ance drydock at the Erie Basin, South
Brooklyn, this afternoon, where she was
abcut to undergo extensive repairs, sho
suddenly slipped from the blocks and cap
steed. One man is known to have been
ldlled and many injured.
There were 'about 210 carpenters, ma
chinists and other laborers at work on thd
vessel and dock at the time. It is sup
posed that the vessel was thrown from
an even keel by ballast improperly placed
or by the shifting of the blocks on which, •
she rested, causing her to list to star- J
board and driving the sheering beams
•through the rotten walls^of.the old Coat
ing drydock in which she was cradled.
Besides the mechanics and other workmen
who crowded the vessel and dock, prepar
ing her for a voyage to Manila, about
thirty Italian laborers are supposed to
have ¦ been In the hold of the- ship, em
ployed in shifting pigiron ballast. WhUa
ths workmen were trying to escape tha
dock itself, overbalanced by the weight
of. the ship, turned on, Its side and sank
in fifty feet of water. A number of the
'men were borne down Into the- water and.
Jammed under and beneath, the wreckage
which rose to the surface. How many
were caught j could not be learned to
night. . • ¦ . ' ¦ • w .-•¦-.
Martin Anderson, a painter, was caught
under the descending side of. the ship and
killed outright. Others were dragged out
o£ the water badly injured or halt
drowned and hurried to the hospitals.
Added to the horrors of to-night was the
uncertainty of the fate of the men in the
vessel's hold. Some managed, to get to
the deck and leaped into the water as. the
vessel was sinking, but it 13 feared that
the majority were drowned. \
The vessel went into the dock at 11:30
this- morning and about $50,000 was to
have been expended on her repairs. The
dock in which she was placed was a- very
old . one, having been constructed ' over
fifty years ago. An attempt was . made
to close the gate at the time of the acci
dent, but was -unsuccessful. No one could
l>e found to-night who could . give any
estimate of the. amount of damage the
disaster had entailed. ....
A vivid description of the accident was
given ¦ by Second Officer 1 Grady of the
Quebec line steamship Media, lying- in the
drydock to the west of the Ingalls. He .,
'saw. the collapse- from the deck of his"
own vessel. . . .','-' ... ¦. -
"I was on the starboard side of our ship,"
he said, "when- I''heard a chorus" of shouts
from the drydock in which - the Ingaila
was lying, and I ran across*. -The trans
port had a heavy list to starboard- and
was rapidly increasing- It. The big string
ers which extended from" the side Of the
dock to the side of the vessel were buck
ling, and suddenly one of them broke and
shot up . into the air. ¦ - - . . • ,i :
"Then one after -another the props alons
. her side. snapped, and she rose a,t the bow
and settled astern a trifle as she cant©
| down on her side. The props which did
j not break were .driven: through the sides
¦ of the dock. . r , . . .
' . "Men were climbing' all over ¦ the . ship
and the air was full of groans, ' cries and
screams. As the ship turned the gates
of the drydock flew open and the water
came In with a rush. I could see the men
climbing up the sloping deck or the-trans
port and trying to make the port rails.
Many of them jumped from the deck and
Into the water. The men who were work
ing on the staging on the port side were
raised up bv the; vessel as she .went over.
Just before the end I saw some men rush
Up tho companion way to" the*deck v \
¦"-- "The- water rushed' Into ~ the dock 'avid
seemed to right the ship' for a second,
and - then - the i dock- went over thia - and
sank with a roar . of] water. As lt ; went
down with. the vessel inside- many men
jumped into the water. The slip was soon
full of them. The blocks and beams rose
to the surface and many of the- men. Wera
wounded by being jammed between float-
Ing timbers."
BERLIN, June 14.— The liabilities ~: of
Louis Stern, the former "United States
commercial agent at Bamburg. Bavaria,
who committed suicide at that place on
June 10 by shooting himself, amount to
about $3000.'. *.;-,. • , ¦ . :
-Stem-'s Liabilities Axe Small..
Leaves N"early Half a Million..
.'LOS ANGELES. June 14.— The estate of
MrsJ AnnJe L. Lankershlm, who died in
this city a week ago last Thursday, la
valued at $450,000. Her son, James -B.
Lankershim. filed a petition In the Su
perior Court to-day , to be appointed ' ad.-
minlstrator. The deceased left real prop-'^
erty in Los Angeles. San Francisco and
Madera counties valued at $200,000. Be
sides valuable city property here slie also
owned Metropolitan Temple In San Fran
cisco, lots at the corner of Polk and Cali
fornia streets, and other holdings. The
heirs of this estate, are : . the petitioner
and a. daughter, Mrs. Susannah M. Van
Nuys. Diligent search has failed tQ dls- '
close any will.
NARROW ESCAPES
FOR THE GUESTS
No Lives ; tost in Burri
:-'. '¦ ing.-- Mineral Springs;
: v : .^; r Hotel;- ;•"•'
; "WEST . ; BADEN,. Ipd., June W.^Nearly
300 lives 'Were imperiled by the fire which
destroyed .'the 'celebrated Mineral Springs
Hotel -at^ this place : early to-day. The
alarm of fire came at 1 o'clock in the
morning. .To add to the terrors. of the
panic-stricken - guests the electric light
plant of the hotel failed a few minutes
after- the alarm was given;.. and" those
guests. who did not face the flames were
left to grope 'their way. out of the dark-;
ness of the great wooden structure. ¦;¦".;- ;•:.,•
Though there were . many narrow 'es
capes, so far as ! known.. not : a single 1 life
was lost. The register and books of the
hotel were burned, but during the day the
management accounted for 268 guests wh|
¦were in the.hoxel,. and was confident that
there were no others.'"". . ¦ . ¦ - ; *. '•• ' - > t ¦¦'
The loss on the building is $250,000, 'with
an insurance of $110,000. --Most of. ; ..the ;
guests lost all of their clothing-'and many
of them lost diamonds and jewelry. -The
aggregate- of these losses -it is believed is
fully $50,000.: In the hotel safe, which lies
under the smoldering ruins, ..there is $10,
000 whlch'.had been, deposited by- guests
for safe keeping. •¦: <S . . '¦' ¦-¦--'-. •.--;;-,
Many of the guests have hurried. to their
homes, and those j remaining : have found
shelter at French, LlckJ *•""*- -:; .*•'•-•--. -
The conflagration' had; its 'origin In ithe'
kitchen, which "was on. the : ground 'floor
of the hotel, immediately under -two rows
of sleeping rooms,' all of .-which; were oc
cupied. The night* watchman >attempted
,to extinguish the blaze >hand f gre
nades, but seeing that- his attempts' ¦were
in vain he rushed to the office, notifying
the night " clerk, and together they ran
rapidly .through the halls, kicking open
the doors rand arousing the sleeping
guests. Ail got out safely.
COURT DECLARES .STOCK
I/EGAT.T.Y TRANSFERRED
Dr. Fowler of San Jose Loses His Siut
Against Another Med
¦ "leal Man.
SAN JOSE, June 14.— A suit brought by
Dr. Gfeorge W. Fowler against -Dr. George
W. Seifert, which involves the transfer of
150 'shares of ' the defunct Union Saving's
Bank, was decided by Judge Rhodes to
day in favor of Slefert. 1 An important side
issue is the fact that the owner of the
stock will be compelled to pay some $9000
in assessments into the bank for the bene
fit of the depositors. ...--v. ;..-.
. Seifert had been made" the defendant In
a damage suit by J. P. Burke for alleged
malpractice, and after this was settled he
decided to go to Europe for a visit. Fow
ler claims that before the European visit,
while the bank was apparently in a pros
perous condition, : Self ert turned the stock
over to him, so he could attend to it while
his friend was away. \
When Seifert returned from Europe the
bank had failed, and he refused to take
the stock. Fowler then charged Seifert
with knowing the shaky condition of the
bank and , transferring the stock to him
for: the purpose of . avoiding the assess
ments that ¦ were sure to follow. Judge
Rhodes: held that- the transfer was" a pre
sumptively bqna-flde transaction. : .
-•' . - -* • ¦ - ? ¦ - " /.'•¦¦' ..< -
CITIZENS ABE ABBESTED i.
v , ' AFTER \THJS ' , ELECTION
School Contfest in Cotati Is Fraught
With Much .Excitement and '
t • ¦ • ¦• .¦ Promises : Sensations.['.
| PETALUMA,' June 14.— An exciting elec
tion for Directors of the -'. district school
at' Cotati. , north ' of here^a.few.days.aaro
has led -to' the arres^of , three prominent
citizens of,the district on a charge of vio
lating '¦ the election • laws . by, intimidating
voters with threats and otherwise forcing
them to vote a certain ticket.' ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ : ¦
-The three men arrested are Edward To
bin, the successful candidate in. the elec
tion;-E.^P/ Hamilton, the defeated ¦ candi
date, .and ; Anthony .Stevens,- a v judge; on
the election 'board. : 'Hamilton: sworeto
the' complaint against .Tobln- and the lat
ter; retaliated -with • warrants ' for. the oth
ers. ¦ All ¦ have . been * arraigned and a each
one pleaded • not . guilty.- The trial next
Tuesday is awaited with' interest; as per
haps a majority of sthe voters of the dis
trict;! will -be on -the. witness 'stand. For
years there . has ; been a factional fight In
the district.-' *. .-. ¦ -¦_*.. ..' .*-'* ; ,> ;.._.¦..•-¦
Monterey Foresters Elect Officers.
; MONTEREY. June . 14.— The local -. lodge
of Foresters 'of /America'; has 'elected , the
following - officers * for - the coming,' ' term:
Past chief ranger, H. vSchaufele; .chief
ranger," F.'iOlarte; ; sub f chief 'ranger. A"
King; • senior ; warden; *I R. • C. ¦ Sargent;
junior warden," J. Lachman; senior beadle
Fv"< .: Kelly ; junior - beadle,:J. " J. • Wyeth ;
treasurer. Dr. : A.\ M. <¦ Stafford : ¦• recording
secretary, V Louis jGoldstine; : captain- of
guard, D. 1 Miller; [trustee, A.. Vldal.
SHASTA COUNTY MINES'
- TO HAVE A RAILROAD
Company Is Incorporated to Make a
Connection With the South-
era Pacific. .
REDDING, .Tune 141— There will be a
railroad connecting the mines of the
Trinity "Copper Company, in Flat Creek
district,, with the Southern Pacific line at
either Copley or Kennett. One of the first
moves in that direction was made Friday
by the filing with the County Clerk of
articles of incorporation of | the Trinity
Railway Company. In this State a mining
corporation cannot carry on the business
of a railroad company, so the Trinity
Copper Company, which owns the Shasta
King, ' King Copper and other copper
properties and is preparing to install a
smelting plant, was forced to form what
is in reality a, branch company to con
duct'the railroad, over which ore, matte
and coke will be hauled. .
ABUNDANCE OF FRUIT
; IN MONTEREY COUNTY
Hortici'ltural Commissioner Reports
Upon the Excellence of the Yield
iiT Orchards.'
MONTEREY. June 14.— W. V. McGarvey.
Horticultural Commissioner for Monterey
County, has completed a tour of inspec
tion through the county and reports ex
cellent prospects for a fine yield of fruit
in : almost all the districts of the county.
In the Carmel Valley, the largest fruit
growing section of the county, Commis
sioner ;McGarvey found the orchards as
a rule in clean, healthy condition, and the
only, peatXhe found in any of them •which
seenied 4Iable to give trouble was black
scale on the olive trees. The apple crop
will, he states, be a fine one this season,
and\ prunes, apricots, peaches and cher
ries: wil yield-, about half a. crop.
SANTA uCRTJZ CITIZENS
• r v ENTERTAIN DISPATCHERS
Mayor -Welcomes the Visitors and
They Spend Time , in Inspection
: ' ¦ of Camp Gage.
V SANTA CRUZ, June 14.— The train dis
patchers .who had been in convention In
San Francisco were the guests of the
Southern Pacific and the citizens of this
city: to-day. They arrived in four special
cars .over the broad gauge ¦ line . at 2
o'clock. They were greeted '. by Major
Parker, President Clark of the Board of
Trade, and other prominent citizens. A
short stop was .made so they could enjoy
the beach. They were then escorted to
carriages and driven to the city park at
Laveaga Heights,' where they inspected
Camp Gage. Shortly after 3 o'clock they
left over the narrow gauge for Santa
Clara. . •-.-.'. •
OPPOSE NEWSPAPERS
THAT GIVE PREMIUMS
Motion to Exclude Them From the
M ail sis Adopted After a
- Warm Debate.
1 BUFFALO, June 14.— When the Nation
al Editorial Association convened to-day
the law committee • precipitated a ¦ warm
debate by submitting a report in favor of
excluding from the malls all newspapers
that give premiums. John A. Sleicher of
New York led the opposition to the re
port, which was finally adopted. ¦
Albert Tozier of Portland, Or., was
elected president, defeating G. A. Willard
of Booneville, N.*Y., by a vote of 242 to
152. ; . . -
The next convention will bo held at Hot
Springs, Ark. . - -" " '¦:< ¦ • * "p
Death of-Two Pioneers.
SAN JOSE, June 14.— William B.. Her-
bert, a " well-known pioneer >f " this State,
died here yesterday, aged 83 years. He was
a native of Maryland, and came to Cali
fornia in 1850. For a number of years he
was. engaged in stock raising in San Luis
Obispo County and later removed here.
George. W. Smith, another pioneer, died
last evening. He was a native of Mis
souri and 71 year3 of age. . In 1874 Smith
served a term as Sheriff of Nevada Coun
ty. For the last fifteen years he has made
his home in San Jose. - * ... \,
Must Answer for Alleged Theft.
LOS ANGELES,, June 14.— Jollen Helkes,
who Is alleged to have robbed several
members of President : McKinley's party
on the occasion 'of their .visit to Santa
Monica, 1 was arraigned to-day and his
trial ..was set' for June 17. . Depositions
havo i»een secured from'G. B. Corwin and
Secretary Gage and will' be submitted
during the trial. -¦;¦-.
woman Thrown From, a Bicycle.
SONOMA, June 14.— Mrs. Nickerson.
while rldlns a bicycle last , evening,^ met
with 1 - an- accident which .'may prove fatal.
The ; wheel .struck; a rock" and she was
thrown .to the ground. ->The Injured wo="
man lay unconscious in the road for some
time and when found physicians- discov
ered that she had. been Injured internally.
Mrs. - McKinley Steadily Improving.
WASHINGTON", June 14.— Dr. Rixey, on
leaving the White, House at 10:30 to-night
said that Mrs. McKIriley was doing very
well and .was maintaining the" normal im
provement. Mrs. McKinley. reclined on a
rolling chair In her room during the day.
"Will . Discuss | New Laws Seriatim.
, PARIS,"* June ¦ 14.— The Senate, to-day by
a vote of. 237 to 8 agreed to close the gen
eral discussion of the law of associations
bill and to proceed. to a discussion of the
articles ' seriatim.- v« \. _- ¦ -^ . :•¦
THE SAT* amANClRe<^ l CAiir.,- ": :; SATUKDA-Y;i v JU2TE 15, : 19O1*.
2
JDainty
tress after eating, and jxiore^pr -
less nausea between meals, .evciy
day;-DYS?EPSIA! ¦,.; : ' : tggv '
! No need to say anythmg^abopt I
the belching, yorniting^ :\fiatu-
lence, Headache, , pain '. in • the
stomach.
Dyspepsia can be cured only
by what gives vigor and tone tdV
the stomach, functional activity
to the whole digestive system. :
-Hood's SarsaparilJa was taken by
Mrs.W. G. Barrett. 14 Olney St. Prov-
idence. R. I., <and. as stated by herself,
it relieved . her of dyspepsia, by which
she -had been greatly troubled for more
than twenty-five years and for which
she had taken many other medicines- In
vainl When she had taken four bottles
of Hood's she could eat almost any-
thing without distress and could sleep
well.. , . ... . , ': ? -,...- } v^\i
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Promises' to cure ancfkeeg^Jthe
promise. Accept no substitute,
but insist on having Hood's. %
«^S CuredWhill
In fifieen Days
• "Gran-SolTent" dlssolyes Stricture Jive «n©w-b*»
ncath tho inn. reduces Enlarged Prostate - 'an* .
ftrenarthens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drain* >M
Emissions ln Fl'^^n Hays.
No druip to ru'.a ibe stomach, bat • direct local ' .
and positive application to the entire aret hra] tract
. Gran-Solvent Is not a llqnld. It Is prepared 1*
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and dextil*
tad so uorrcw as to paw Uis closest Stricture. ? * •¦
Every Man Should Know Himself. •
T*e St. James Assn.. Box £U. Cincinnati. O., b«
prepared at pre.it expense an ex hanst- P* T*l T* f" 1
Ire illustrated Treatise upon tho male LULL
system, which Uwur will send to any i H I I 1
- male applicant, -;* I HWtl
ST. JAMES ASSN 250 ELm ST - ' *
SI* JAU1EJ MM., Cincinnati; QM~SAXTA CRUZ, June 14.— By the
light of lanterns and torches the
wreckage on the narrow gauge
road near the tunnel this side of
Felton was cleared away last
ifght. The work began as soon as the
-pecial train with the injured engineer
•nd fireman started for Oakland, but it
co'jired many hours' of arduous labor to
replace the twisted rails and splintered
iiet.
The railroad officials have not yet been
able to assign a reason for the accident
v.-hicli imperiled nearly one hundred pas
..enpers on the precipice above the san
Lorenzo. It Is generally considered* that
the train was running at dangerous speed
n crder to make up the time which had
heen lost In making the start from this
city. The roadmaster and trackwalker
who are stationed near the place where
'.he accident occurred assert positively
Lhat no obstruction had fallen on the
irack. It was supposed at first that frag
mtrts of a boulder dropped from the hill
side that rises precipitously on the left
side of the track, but the testimony of
?he trackwnlker eliminates the theory
lhat for a time was based on this belief-
Dr. Knierht of this city, who accom
panied Engineer Stanley and Fireman
Ccyle to the railroad hospital in San
Francisco, returned to-day. He believes
lhat Stanley has a chance for recovery,
but has little hope for Coyle.
All trains were running as usual to-day.
A special was rp.nt from San Jose to Fel
ton and the wrecked engine and platform
of tender were taken to that city. Con
ductor Davis did not come in on the reg
ular train to-day. His place was taken
fcy Conductor Stearns.
at the Hamilton-avenue crossing in the
suburbs of Oak Park and instantly killed
four persons. The dead:
MAJOR G. W. BUCKINGHAM of Flint.
MISS ABBIE BUCKINGHAM of Flint.
MRS. THOMAS • APPLEGATE of
Adrian. ' r
MRS. W. M. HUMPHREY of Adrian.
Several factory buildings adjoin . the
track at Hamilton avenue and prevent a
clear view of the track. Major Bucking
ham drove directly in front of the train,
which was traveling at high speed. The
pilot of the engine was broken by the
force of the collision and the' bodies of
two of the women, terribly mangled, were
found upon it. Engineer Wiggins says he
had sounded the whistle for the crossing
and the first hf knew of the carriage. was
when his engine struck it.
Difficulty in Securing Jury.
KL DORADO. Kans.. June 14.— In the
F^oond trial of Jessie Morrison for the
murder of Mrs. Olin Castle, better pro
grves -was made to-day in securir.gr jurors.
ai>(? after adjournment if was bplteved
that to-mnrrow will see the taking: of
testimony.
The lynching of Calvin Hall, hic
three s?ns and Daniel Yantis by a
mob in Modoc County may now have
a. tcrribl-; aftermath in an uprising
of hostile red men and a massacre of
women f nd children at the isolated
village of Lookout. One of Hall's
cons ¦wrr.s a full-blooded Indian and
the others were halfbreeds. This cir
cumstance expl&ins the sympathy ex
tended by the tribe located nea'-
Lookout. Already hundreds of In
dians are gathering: near the village.
It is net improbable that the State
troops -will be ordered out to protect
the settlers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALTURAS. June 14.— Alturas wat
thrown Into another whirl of excitement
this evening over the Indian scare at
3>ookoutf Claud Marcus arrived here from
Lookout this evening and gave the report
that 250 Indians and their squaws were
camped about tv.-elve miles west of Look
cut. in the mountains between Lookout
and Little Hot Springs Valley.
The Indians have been gathering stead
ily in that neighborhood since the lynch
lr.g. but no large number has been seen
until this band was discovered yesterday
evening. Telegrams were sent to Lookout
sinking about the matter, but nothing
could be learned. There are only women
at that place now and they are greatly
alarmed. Marcus says no one had in
formed the woman telegraph operator or
any other women of the Indian gathering,
as they were already very much excited.
The report that a large number of men
had gope to Lookout is not true. There
are not over ten men in- the Lookout
country at present. The Modoc men feel
uneasy over the news. Most of them are
only too anxious to shoulder their rifles
and start on the trail of the red men.
Sheriff Street and District Attorney Bon
ner have been trying to set seme man at
the Lookout telephone, but so far their
efforts have been fruitless. In all proba
bility a posse will start for that country
to-morrow morning and State aid may be
e.*ked.
Euch excitement over Indians has not
been experienced in Modoc Countv for
many years, but the recoilectiors of by
erone massacres and Indian depredations
cause the stronsrest to -weaken even on the
frontier lines of Modoc. It is about sixty
miles to Lockout from Alturap, and while
the country Is somewhat settled between
here and there, the Indians could do great
damage before assistance could reach
lookout. The Indians are now camped
In a mountainous country, where they can
fortify themselves against the whites, and
It would be Impossible to rout them out
of their stronghold for months.
To-day's session of the Grand Jury de
veloped" nothing of Interest In the lynch
ing case. Three witnesses were examined
and excused. Every effort is being made
to find some clew to the affair, but it now
Feenis as though nothing can be learned.
However, the examination may last ten
days yet. .
Citizens of Alturas Manifest
Great Alarm at the
News.
State Troops May Be Ordered Out to
Protect the Endangered
Settlers.
Hostile Indians Gathei
Near the Modoc
Village.
WOMEN FEAR
A MASSACRE
AT LOOKOUT
TWELVE PERSONS LOSE
THEIR LIVES IN A FIRE
A Shipyard, Russian Cruiser and Sev-
eral Large Buildings Are Also
Destroyed.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 14.— A fire at
the Galleys Island shipyard yesterday
consumed the slips, the cruiser Wltjas
and other vessels. The Government and
other buildings there, together with a
large stock of timber, were also de
stroyed. The flames also leaped the Neva
Wontaka canal, destroying several mili
tary warehouses filled with supplies. Ac
cording to the Novoe Vremya twelve per
sons lost their lives in the flames. The
damage done amounts to 10,000,000 rubles.
National Committee vacancy Pilled.
CLEVELAND, June 14.— Senator Hanna
to-day announced - the . appointment of
Hon. B. Lodge of Grand Rapids. Mich.,
as a member of the Republican National
Committee, to fill the vacancy in the na
tional committee caused by- the death of
Hon. William Elliott of Michigan.
Reason Given by a City Offi
cial for Tendering His
Resignation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
McKEESPORT, Pa., June 14.— Harry L.
Abbott, member of the McKeesport Com
mon Council, resigned his seat In that
body to-day because . he does not believe
a man can be a Christian and a mem
ber of the. Council at the same time. To
serve his constituents he must stifle hi3
conscience. .*•'.:
; Abbott is a printer employed on the' Mc-
Keesport Dally * News. He has been in
the City Council since April, 1900. Before
that he served several terms in the city
j school board. He was always elected by
the unanimous vote of his ward. Regard
ing his resignation he says:
"My resignation is purely a 'matter of
conscience. It Is my determination to
live a life void of offense to God and
man. To do so it becomes necessary to
obey the divine Injunction. 'Come ye out
from among them and be ye separate.' I
have found that In order to be of use to
my • constituents, to obtain needed im
provements for my district, I must stifle
my conscience, enter into cliques and
schemes and become a low politician. As
I cannot do that I have resigned.
"Politics is the most corrupt thing. I
have ever been mixed up with. I am out
of It forever. I have separated mysei;
and my conscience is satisfied. Others
may not agree with me, but I know that
no Christian can sit in the McKeesport
Council and save his soul."
DECLARES ALDERMEN
CAN'T BE CHRISTIANS
Warm Spell Continues at Chicago.
CHICAGO. June 14.— Although the tem
perature was milder to-day there were
three deaths attributed to the heat of the
last three days. The dead: Frank Black
ley, recently from Peru. Ind.; John Lang,
laborer; Carl Rlese, laborer. .
Civil War Veteran Dead.
INDIANAPOLIS. June 14.— General
Knefter,. colonel of the famous Seventy
ninth Indiana. Regiment in the civil war,
died to-night. *. ,, ¦•:¦
STEAMER ASSYRIAN
IS A TOTAL WRECK
and a Tug Sent to Her Aid
Is Lost.
Goes to Pieces on Newfoundland Coast
ST. JOHNS. N. F.. June 14.— The Ley
land line steamer Assyrian, ashore off
Cape Race, went to pieces during the
night and this morning is a total wreck.
The after part of the vessel is under wat
er and the hull Is broken asunder.
A heavy sea^ls raging" and the cargo 13
being partly washed ashore and partly
carried seaward. Owing to the fury of
the gale and the tremendous sea little of
the cargo has thus far been salvaged.
The tug Petrel, which went on the rocks
while going to the aid of the Assyrian,
also went to pieces. The crews of both
vessels landed safely at Cape Race light
house. - . •
Prosecution Closes Its Case.
NEW YORK.' June 14.— Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Osborne consumed the en
tire day in. the trial of Dr. Kennedy in
his closing argument for the prosecution.
He concluded his address, and the case
will be given to the Jury to-morrow
morning. . % \'-.-. v
QUAKER CITY
MULCTED OUT
OF MILLIONS
Mayor Ashbridge Signs
the Street Railway
Franchises.
BeneficiariesAre at Opce Of
fered $10,000,000 for
Their Bargain.
Attempt Will Now Be Made in the
Courts to Protect the People's
Rights.
Philadelphia's Mayor has signed
the ordinance granting a wholesale
allotment of street railway franchises
to Senator Quay and his coterie. For
these franchises John Wanamaker on
Thursday bid . §2,500,000, but hU
letter inclosing the offer was thrown
away unopened by Mayor Ashbridg-?.
Folio-wing the signing of the ordi
nance, the beneficiaries were offered
$10,000,000 by capitalists for their
bargain — an indication of the extent
of the Quaker City's loss through the
action of her Mayor and Council.
- . ¦ , Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA. June 14.— Dark lan
tern methods have prevailed and by offl
cial connivance franchises on ¦which a.
minimum value of $10,000,000 has been
placed by investors have been stolen from
the city of Philadelphia.
Mayor Ashbrldge has signed the ordi
nance giving to an organization of monev
hungry speculators street car franchises
for practically all the unoccupied streets
in the city. Never before has a steal been
carried to success with the effrontery
that has been exhibited here.
To combat their young rivals in the lo
cal traction field, Messrs. P. A. B. "Widen
er and "William. L. Elkins, who control
the Union Traction Company, are hurry
ing' home from Europe and it is known
that they are spoiling for a fight. There
is a rumor, fairly well authenticated, that
they will make common cause with Albert
L. Johnson in a great battle to come in
the courts.
When It became known that Mayer
Ashbridge had defied what little public
sentiment exists here. and. declining to
serve the Interests of the city, had signed
away streets for absolutely nothing, the
promoters of thirteen companies received
an offer of $3,000,000 for their rights. That
was just twice as much as was offered
the city yesterday for franchises, the on>r
having been scorned by the Mayor. But
$5,000,000 was not enough. When it was re
fused another $5,000,000 was added to the
offer and the f ranchise grabbers gnerely
hugged their new possessions the tighter, j
As a matter of fact, value can hardly'
be. put upon the steal which has been so
expedltlously perfected. Albert Johnson
offered for the same streets that hava
now been given away what is conserva
tively estimated as an equivalent of $4,000.
0CO a year. His proposal was to give 3-cent
fares with free transfers. If he could see
profit on that basis, the favorites of the
Quay machine, with 5-cent fares and no
transfers, are assured of earnings that
justify their remarkable outlay of cash,
in the last sixteen days.
/ •• . . . ¦¦ ¦ ¦ . • . .
SCENES ON THE NARROW GAUGE RAILROAD NEAR % FELTON,
SHOWING THE BROKEN ENGINE AS IT APPEARED AFTER THE
WEECKABOVE THE SAN LORENZO RIVER GORGE.,
BREACH OF PROMISE
COSTS HIM THOUSANDS
Girl Gets, a Heavy Judgment
Against Kansas City
Capitalist,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LIBERTY, : Mo., June 14.— Miss Lena
Broyhill of Kansas City was given a ver
dict in the Circuit Court here to-day for
$25,000 In her suit against H.B. Norton of
Kansas City for breach of promise. . The
jury gave her the full amount asked for.
-^The plaintiff * alleged the engagement
was ' made while she and Norton were , at
Park In /August, vl899, arid they , were 1 to
have ' been married - as • soon "•: as a *- house
¦was ,. completed. ' She • introduced • seven
witnesses to substantiate her ;; evidence.
Norton made a denial and : said he "did
not' pay any more, attention to her .than
to > othar girls. - :Vf-'- >>; '- |Sg
Congressmen at Port Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. June 14.— Members of
the Rivers and Harbors Committee visit
ed Port Los Angeles to-day and inspected
the Ions wharf. They. then proceeded to
Pasadena and Mount Lowe, returning to
this city at 9:30 this evening:. Their spe
cial train will leave for Santa Barbara at
4 o'dock to-morrow morning. Sunday
will be spent at Del Monte, and on Mon
day the party will arrive in San Fran
cisco. Congressmen Berry of Kentucky
and Alexander of New York remained
here to visit Catalina Island, and Con
gressman Reeves was detained because of
the serious Illness of his wife. - • -y, •>
Mexico's Building Dedicated.
BUFFALO, June 14.— Mexico's building
on the Pan-American grounds wa s for
mally opened and dedicated to-day. Ad
dresses were made by Manuel Aspiroz,\the
Mexican Minister: Secretary of State Hay
and others. At the Temple of "Music flag
day- was observed, under the auspices of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion, the Grand Army of the Republic and
other patriotic societies. General .Miles
and Captain R. P. Hobson made addresses.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 14.— James B. Hag
gin, 'the multi-millionaire mine owner and
horseman, intends , to pull ; down a mag
nificent Fifth avenue clubhouse and to
erect upon the' site a palatial residence.
He S concluded arrangements to-day for
the purchase of the, Progress Club build
ing," at .the .northeast corner -of Sixty
third street and Fifth ' avenue, with a
frontage of 100 Teet on the avenue and the
same depth. The, price is in. the neighbor
hood of $735,000. The club paid $223,000 for
the ground .twelve years ago and spent
about $250,000 on the building. - Mr. Hag
gin's, new residence will cost about $1,000,
ooo. ¦ ¦•¦:•¦ ... ¦".••¦¦,•¦•.: ¦- /¦¦¦¦.¦¦
MILLION-DOLLAR HOME
FOR JAMES B. HAGGIN
Owner of Rancho del Paso to
Build a Mansion in
. New York.
Special Dispatch to The ¦ Call.
SAN JOSE, June 14.— With a Constable
armed . with a summons on his heels,
Henry Boschken, a merchant of this city,
and popular young society man, is fleeing
to Europe to avoid service in a suit for
divorce brought by his wife, Mrs. Laura
Boschken. This suit, which will cause a
sensation in the upper stratum of society,
was filed several days ago, but so'closeiy
has the matter been guarded that it was
not until to-day that it leaked out.
For some time there has been a cold
ness between the Boschkens that was no
ticed by their friends, but few dreamed
it would result in divorce. ' Now it is all
explained, and not only does Mrs. Bosch
ken charsre her husband with being lax
In his attention to her but she declares
he has been cruel to her and has failed
to furnish her with the support her sta
tion demanded.
The Boschkens were married eleven
years ago. and at that time she was Miss
Laura Cottle. The defendant is the son
of H. Boschken, a pioneer capitalist, and
has plenty of money. J He is engaged in the
hardware business here with his brother.
Mrs. Bcschken wants a division of the
property and to be allowed to resume her
maiden name. There are no children.
Henry Boschken Sued for
Divorce but Escapes
Summons.
SAN JOSE HUSBAND
EVADES THE CONSTABLE
Hundreds of Miners at Le
Barge Awaiting Ice
Breakup.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, June 14.— According to
news received by the steamer Danube
miners are arrivinc at the coast who
came up the Yukon to Lake Le Barge on
the river steamers and who walked
around the shores of Lake Le Barge,
which was etill filled with ice. Three hun
dred people were there waiting at Le
Barge for the ice to go out, and by the
time that event takes place there will be
between 600 and 700 people there. It will
take a pretty strong wind to break up the
twenty miles of solid ice, they say. The
Ice is fully two feet thick and at the time
they passed along- the lake it had not
moved. an Inch from the position in which
It froze.
Gold had commenced flowing into Daw-
Fon when the miners left, the miners
bringing their dust taken out in the clean
up then progressing to Dawson to ex
change It for paper at the banks. It was
estimated that from $20,000 to $30,000 was
being received daily at the Yukon capital.
Men were none too plentiful on the creeks
when the clean-up began, and $5 per day
and board and In some cases $6 per day
was being paid. When the scows laden
with perishable goods reached Dawson
prior to the departure of the present ar
rivals there was a great slump in prices.
Eggs went down, step by step, from $C0 to
$9 a case.
GOLD NOW POURING
INTO DAWSON BANKS
• - . . - . . •¦•.--¦ <•-¦.. ¦-_•¦ ¦¦ .¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, JUNE 15, I9O1.
Officials of the Southern Pacific Railroad Are Not Yet Able .to Assign a Reason for
the Disaster That Occurred on the Track Above the San Lorenzo River, South
of Felton, and Which Resulted in Serious Injury to the Engineer and Fireman
EXCESSIVE SPEED OF THE TRAIN ON A DANGEROUS CURVE S
BELIEVED TO HAVE BEEN THE CAUSE OF THE ACCIDENT
WHICH IMPERILED LIVES OF PASSENGERS AT A PRECIPICE
TRAIN CRASHES INTO
A DOUBLE CABBIAGE
FLINT. Mich., June 14.— The Pere Mar
quette passenger train due here at s»
o'clock to-day struck a double carriage
3
Th<? A'.nXancf from the farthest point of
polar discovery to the pole itself is 460
rnfirs.
THe "Housewife wants / |
FiGPRUNE-notHmg else will do 1
The full, delicious flavor of FIGPRUNE is 1
v a revelation to cereal coffee drinkers. Only I
those who have, tried it> can appreciate the I
purity and. delightful blend of FIGPRUNE, I
CEREAL. I
It is made from choice figs and prunes and- '-¦:
selected grains— scientifically blended. I
*. • Examine package carefully — make sure you I
get the genuine article. ~ I
¦j^Z.-j* o/*V Brews quickly. 1
V ¦ ¦•...\;.v •'/''*' i
/ t/TT/o- A Children enjoy it. |
[ F £ u **r| Boil from 5 to 1O minutes only 1
\4u7o / All grocers sell I
\^^2^ F i g pKu n i: Cereal. J
On your way to picnic- or ferry, call oh
Mohns & Mohns, 29 Market ut., for finest wines
and liquors; biggest house; cpen Sunday*. >*;-
FAVORITE PRESCRIPTION
"I am so thankful for what Dr.
Pierce 1 s Favorite Prescription has
done for me," writes Mrs. John T.
Smith, of Slocan, B. C, Box 50.
"It cured me of a disease which
wss taking away all my strength,
telped me through the long months
before baby came and I have a big
Strong baby girl, the most healthy
and happy of all my three."
JTAKES THE DIFFERENCE.
.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cure o? Gonorrhoea. Gleata,
Strictures and analogous complaint*
of the Orfttnt of Generation.
Price (1 a. bottle. For wit by Cruggitta. '
ADVI-RTTSEirEl?TS.Ethelbert was almost as strongly fan
cied last year as this, but the field he will
meet to-morrow has not nearly so niuch
class to it, all of w,hich is in his favor.'
title him, even If he is allowed to go to the
post. This is the only chance against his
starting, first favorite again and probably
closing v at the same price as last year,
viz.: 6 to 5. . "._¦': '
NEW YORK, June .11— The probable
odds quoted for the Suburban handicap by
a prominent member of the Metropolitan
Turf Association are 6 to 5 on Ethelbert,
6 to 1 on Star Bright, 10 to 1 on Kamara,
10 to 1 on Alcedo, 10 to 1 on Watercure,
mont's great horse will canter to the post
favorite, carrying commissions footing
far up In the thousands. The handicap*
per" has asked him to carry 126 pouhdsv
but the bay horse is of the "classy" sort,
and should be able to handle it.
FLEETEST FOOTERS WILL MEET
AT OPENING OF SHEEPSHEAD BAY
HISTORIC and popular Sheeps
head Bay track will open its
gates to the public to-day with
the classic Suburban Handicap
as the magnet to attract thou
sands of Eastern turf goers. It gives
promise of furnishing a far better test of
equine speed and endurance than did the
Brooklyn Handicap, which was captured
by tbe three-year-old Conroy from a very
moderate field. Again this year the smart
ones pin thefr faith to the five-year-old
Ethelbert, and beyond cavil Perry Bel-
roy's good example it will have to
be Blues, but few like him after
his hard race in the Brooklyn
Derby. Beau Gallant, on what he
has shown this season, cannot be con-
sidered a contender. Toddy has estab-
Hshed a doubtful reputation, and if he
would only run one race as well as he
looks Mr. Keane would not regret the ab-
sence of Conroy. Toddy's last race was
an improvement, so perhaps the horse has
come to the conclusion that the race is
worth the winning. August Belmont re-
lies on Kilogram.
The starters, weights and Jockeys are: •
__ STARTERS. Weight. **>«,. .
Etfcelbert '•• l*» °Col?nor
Alcedo "2 Walsh
star Bright «o S"Sf e
Sidney Lucas... ™> MCL-Tie
Pr mce AicOlur^ i«« £££"
Beau Gallant - jo- Slack
EftSfg 1™ '"['[[[[[[[[[I m Mounce
£.",£™',L M» Shaw
TckSdy "••*- 1<HV Sm'th
Komara." 10° Odcm
Biues .....4 W Cochran
Gold..'.*. 37
Alfonso •>•» n"™X
Alstke ' s« u. U"Connor
CLASSIC SUBURBAN HANDICAP THE
BIG RACING EVENT OF THE HOUR
SOME OF THE STARTERS IN
THE SUBURBAN HANDICAP
TO-DAY.
The annual cruise of the California
Yacht Club up the Sacramento River will
begin to-day. Already the sloop Pactolus
and the yawl Idler have made trips up
the river and have returned, the yachts
men reporting that the Sacramento is un
usually high and that the mosquitoes are
less numerous and troublesome than in
previous seasons. The yachts that will
start to-day, about 2:30 p. m. from the
narrow gauge mole, are Commodore S. S.
Marshall's sloou Thelma and George E.
Miller's sloop Occident. On board the
flagship will be the commodore, W. W.
Thompson. Carl Foard, R. A. Meserole
and C. A. Eteiily. while the crew of the
Occident will be her owner and A de
Witt. The yachts will make Martinez to
night and Sulsun to-morrow. Then they
will go through the cut-off into the Sac
ramento River, up which they -will cruise
as far as circumstances permit, returning
to Martinez or Port Costa next Saturday
and to their moorings in Oakland Creek
on the following day. • • *
The building of the yacht to challenge
for the Perpetual cup is not, as some have
supposed, to be undertaken by the San
Francisco Yacht Club, but- merely by a
syndicate of members of that club, the
directors assuming no responsibility for
the expense of construction or fitting out."
The idea Is to build the hull of the boat
in the strongest and most thorough man
ner, but to spend as little as possible on
interior fittings, which can be added later.
The yachts constructed on modern lines
in this bay. such as the . Tramontana and
the sloop Harpoon, have been ineffective
ly braced and have given constant trou
ble to their owners by leaking, which has
been a matter of great expense to rem
edy. The challenger being designed by a
man - thoroughly familiar with boats of
modern type will be very strong and sea
worthy and will make an excellent cruis
ing yacht for a private owner. That the
San Franciscos are in earnest and wish
to see a keen contest for the yachting blue
ribbon of San Francisco Bay is evident
from their Intention to challenge in the
30-foot class, in which the cup holders are
very strong, the sloops • Presto, Aeolus
and Truant, which .have won between
them all the five Macdonough trophies at
the annual regattas of the Interclub As
sociation, being 30-footers. Had the San
Franciscos challeneged with the yawl
Tramontana or one of the big schooners
the ' Corinthians must have given j up the
trophy without contest. " -f
Fleets of All Three Local
Clubs Will Make Mare
Island and Vallejo Their
Rendezvous Next Saturday
SLOOPS THELMA
AND OCCIDENT
START UP RIVER
A true line will be had on the qualifica
tions of the once invincible greyhound
For Freedom. When the Pasha kennels 1
great coui ser went ! to j the slips in the
California Coursing Committee stake he
was In as fair condition as the limited
time for training would allow; To those
who watched him closely. For. Freedom
showed that the speed was still there,
though the fire i and dash f of previous
years was lacking. At that the hound
did well against. Homer. Boy, the wonder
ful youngster, who in his course -with
Palo Alto showed his- worth. This time,
however, with plenty of time to round to
form, For Freertcm is in the best possible
condition his advanced age will allow. -
A match between Sacramento 'Boy, the
winner of last season's John Grace Chal
lenge Cup stake; and Frank; Jones' Har
lean Gladys was one of the possibilities
of the week. While Walsh & Heenan,
owners of the up-country courser, were
In this city the relative merits of the two
dogs were brought up during a. conversa
tion, and a $500 challenge from Trainer
Santonin, Homer Boy. Fine Fire and
Real Article! are the only contestants
without a stake to. their credit, though
their winnings in various events place
them among- the top-notchers.
The stake will be run In its entirety to
morrow. ' ' - • *
The winner of the final flag will receive
$300 as first prize and the runner-up will
draw down $200. One hundred dollars
each will be given to the next two, and 550
each to the- following four. The special
prizes will add Interest to the affair. To
the dog beaten in the first round by the
ultimate winner $40 .will be given, and $30
will be balm for the victim in the run
down of the winner of second money.
Twenty-five dollars each will pay ex
penses of the losers that are put out by
third. and fourth dog. '.
Arrangements for the ladles' day cham
pion stake have been completed, and it
Is safe to say that a better aggregation
of coursing material could not be found
than that which will run to-morrow for
the rich prizes offered in ' the annual
event. With the amount added by the
association the total purse is sufficient to
allow all but four of the contestants to
at least get back their entrance money. '
Greyhounds of Record Will
Run for Rich Prizes in
the Ladies' Day Champion
Stake at Union Park
FAST COURSERS
ARE READY FOR
THE BIG EVENT
• LONDON. 'June 14.— Warren's Sweet
Dixie (L. Reiff) won: the Wadham plate
at the Sandown Park first summer meet
ing to-day. -.-. '.¦¦¦> ,i-.> ., .
;•¦ The Bishop won the Sandringham j foal
stakes, Volpone , (Jenkins) second, and
Haste third.- Seven horses started. .
Americans Ride Winners.
Sid Cavill, swimming instructor of the
Olympic Club, and his sister Alice, who is
said to be the champion lady swimmer of
Australia, left yesterday for the anti
podes on the steamship Gaelic. A large
delegation of clubmen and friends were
at the wharf to see the pair off on their
journey. Cavill has been : given six
months' leave of absence to recover his
failing. health. While abjoad he will give
a number of exhibitions, and intends Te
turnlng here some time next winter. Dur
ing his absence his brother Percy will oc
cupy the instructorshlp position at the
Orympic Club. • .
Sid Cavill Goes Abroad.
The most important event in tennis cir
cles is the round-robin singles tournament
for the Kahn cup. Originally this tourna
ment was limited to second class men, the
object being to determine who ranks third
In the California Club. Now'a cup has
been offered by Percy Delafield Kahn and
the limit has been removed. The tourna
ment ' is now J open to all the playerB r of
the California Club.-. Up to 'date the fol
lowing, men have entered their names:
George- Whitney, Sumner Hardy,, R. N.
Whitney, W. B. ' Collier, Merle Johnson,
Drummond McGavln, | Ray - Cornell, Chet
Smith. Dr. Lane, Charles Kuehn, Harold
Crowell, Sidney Salisbury and Grant
Smith. It has not been decided yet wheth
er there will be any handicaps allowed or
not; if not the cup will be a gift for either
George Whitney or Sumner Hardy.
<¦• The idea of holding | a , tournament of
this kind at the present time is a very
good one, as it will give the players
some needful practice for ' I the Singles
tournament scheduled for the early part
Of July.; . ¦ - , •-. ! i »?; ••¦; .'.' S \\ .;¦,•'.
* Matches played in the' round-robin up
TENNIS MATCHES
FOR KAHN PRIZE
to date resulted as follows: George Whit
ney beat Merle Johnson 6—1, 6—2; Johnson
beat Charles Kuehn 6—1, 6—0, and Harold
Crowell beat W. B. Collier 0—6, 6—4, 6—4.
This last match occasioned considerable
surprise, as Collier usually beats Crowell
in straight sets.
The tournament scheduled to come off
in the early part of July will be an open
scratch singles for the championship of
the State. This will be the first State
championship tournament ever held here,
and at present.lt looks as if the entry list
would be very large.
Sumner Hardy Is. out practicing con
stantly and is determined to down the
champion, George Whitney, this year and
regain his lost laurels. Those two cracks
will undoubtedly meet next month.' as
both will enter the tournament. They
came together for the first time in a year
in a practice match on Thursday, and
although Hardy was considerably out of
practice he gave- the champion a very
good rub. ¦ • : ¦ ,
Bob Whitney is showing great form of
late and may upset calculations by land
ing the State championship.
Tho secretary of the Stockton Tennis
Club reports, that interest in -tennis in
that city is constantly on the increase.
The best players in the Sloufch City are
Harry Hammond, Carl- Saulback and J.
J. Ingles. Some of the local , cracks will
play at Stockton next week. :
To-day's programme at Union Coursing
Park consists of the rundown of a class
stake of ' ninety-six entries. Likely,win
ners are: Shadow, Master Rocket. Roman
Athlete, First Foot, . Honor Bright, War
Eagle, Vagrant, Veto, Gramercy, Loyal
Lad, Ben Lomond, Tom Hurllck, Mount
Ida* Golden Russet, . Herschel's Pride
Flora McDonald, Royal Union, Daisy
Clair.Log Boy, Cash, Rural Artist, Jin
gl*Bells,-Echo, Royal Archer, For'Glory,
Agamemnon, White Hat, Bad Boy, Spite
ful;. Warpath, , John *Doe,, Miss Wilson,
Greenhall, Narcissus, Rocker. . Chicago
Boy, America;' Pleasant Girl,- Strayaway
The Grafter, Rosle Clair, St. Helen, Cast
away, King- Cotton, Olita,. Modest' Lad,
Lady Clare and Tyrone Prince. •
The absence of the great stake winning
courser Beacon from recent events has
caused the followers of the game to won
der where the rapid blue dog has taken
himself. Since the dissolution of the firm
of Curtis & Sons the name of Beacon
has not been offered in any of the stakes,
and rumor has it that the glad accept
ance would not be forthcoming if it were.
That ¦ the firm had a great •- kennel of
coursing dogs no one will deny, but ac
cording to the way of thinking of the
senior Curtis no dog on the field was
capable' of getting a flag from any of. the
lot. More than once when a. decision
went against the liking of Mr. Curtis his
protestations could be heard in no mild
terms. Coupled with his objections would
come the insinuation of. fraud, whether
his dog was beaten in a close score or
pointless. For a while the fiery talk of
the old gentleman was taken as the nat
ural protest of a loser, until at last his
remarks became- personal and. insulting
and Claimed the attention of the directors
of the Union Park Association. He was
asked to desist or make good. some of his
wild charges, and answered back that the
park- would never have his dog Beacon on
its card again. Since the episode A. R.
Curtis . has purchased Beacon and has
him in his kennel. Whether -or not the
dog will be. allowed to .run. under the new
ownership without the apology .which
has been demanded of Curtis senior Is. a
question for the committee to answer.
A free for air stake will be. the feature
ip the inauguration of coursing at- Marys
vine. Tired of his hard luck in trying to
reach first . money, in . local stakes, Mike
Nealon has sent Aeneas to the new park,
hoping that a change of climate will take
off the hoodoo, t, -_>. ,v - . ¦ • »•¦¦¦ • ¦, . .-¦
Jones, Frank's brother, was the result.
Since the issuance- of the defi the dog
from the Capital City injured his leg
while training and in consequence .the
prospects of a match are dimmed, for a
while at least. * <¦ ¦'
Neill and Thurston are both local box
ers and have been seen in the ring time
and again. . . > .
On Friday evening, June 28, the Twen
tieth Century Club will bring off two
twenty-round bouts that, are certain to
orowd the Mechanics* Pavilion. Manager
Gleason will be in charge of the evening's
entertainment. * •
Jack Root, the premier light heavy
weight pugilist, is scheduled to go twenty
rounds with "Kid" Carter, a • 19-year-old
boxer, who is rapidly forging, to the front
ranks .of ¦ pugilism. • Root is training at
Croll's Gardens, Alameda, • and reports
from his quarters say that he is round
ing In good shape. "Kid" Carter and Tim
Callahan are due here to-day. As soon as
they reach town they will. go into active
training. As both men are always in
shape It will not take them long to pre
pare for a hard battle.
Tim Hegarty. the Australian champion,
is training at the Terminal for his twenty
round go with Callahan. Australian Billy
Smith. is working with him. . Hegarty is
a boxer of the McGovern type. ' He loves
in-fighting and will take a punch to get
to close quarters. He blocks nicely and
smothers many .wicked blows that are
showered on him" by Smith.
Jack Moffatt, the-premler middle-weight
of the West, is scheduled to box George
Gardner, the broad shouldered boxer from
Boston, and Al Neill Is matched with
Charles Thurston, who is known to the
ring-goers of this city as the "Fighting
Dutchman."
The bouts arranged for the national hol
iday are exceptionally good. That there
will be fireworks at Sixteenth and Fol
som streets during the afternoon's enter
tainment is beyond doubt. There Trill be
a championship battle and a bout that
will settle the championship of the coast.
The action of the Supervisors in grant
ing permission to the San Francisco Ath
letic Club to hold their forthcoming box
ing exhibition on July 4 is looked upon
with favor by the sporting element of this
city and vicinity. When the members of
the board were informed that the local
club had gone to great expense In prepar
ing the arena for seating spectators and
ordering hundreds of dollars' worth of
printing they refused to accept the report
of the committee, which had decided
against the fight promoters, as the ma
jority report of the board.
Boxecs Are in Training for
Matches on June 28.
San Francisco Club Card
for the Fourth of July
TWO BIG FIGHT
CARDS WITHIN
A SINGLE WEEK
To-morrow there will be a sail round the
bay for the Dolphins, the schooner start
ing from the boathouse at the foot of Van
Ness avenue at 9 a. m. punctually. The
schooner will land the members at Straw
berry Point about noon, where there will
be a clambake and an entertainment. The i
hour of return la not yet fixed. The com- '
mittec In charge of the entertainment con
sists of Fred Slebel, J. S. Earls, T. J.
Kennedy, W. O. Patch ana C. M. Farrell.
They have prepared an excellent pro
gramme, and a general good, time is as
sured.
It seems probable that the Pioneers will
have no crews in the coming: regatta at
Lake Merritt, though they* may send In
an outraged skiff man, J. Murphy. Tho
Ariels, despite the loss of their boathouse.
will be represented in all three barge
races and in the senior and Junior shell
events. The Ariel barge crews are train
ing at the South End boathouse, bu: for
the last two weeks before the Fourth will
go over to Alameda and will row from the
Alameda Boat Club's house, the use of
which has been freely offered. ' The racing
bargo of the Ariels is at Rogers' shop at
Alameda Point. The junior barge crew of
the Ariel3, consisting of J. Noakes bow
E. Smith, No. 2; H. Foley, No. 3. and J.
Keegan, stroke, will also enter the inter
mediate race. The senior barge crew is
made up of Charles Wilson, bow: W
Howe. No. 2; Robert Ellis, No. 3. and
Henry Wilson, stroke. The cockswains
are Roy West and Eddie Hanlon. Charles
Wilson and E. Stenberg will pull in the
senior shell race, and Henry Wilson in
the Junior shell event.
The regatta committee of the Pacific
Association, of which J. A. Geddea of the
Ariel Rowing Club is chairman, has is
sued the entry blank for the Lake Merritt
aquatic carnival. It comprises nine events
—senior, junior and Intermediate barge
races, senior and junior outrigged skiff
and senior and Junior shell events— also
swimming races, straightaway and with
ten relays. All contestants must be reg
istered amateurs. Entries close on Mon
day, July 1, at 8 p. m., and must be made
through the secretaries of the clubs, an
entrance fee of $2 being paid for each
man. to be repaid to all starters. There
will be no prize unless there are at least
two starters In an event, and contestants
not ready to start within five minutes of
the time prescribed by the marshal of the-,
course will be disqualified. J&
Three of City Rowing Clubs
Are Training Four-Oared
Crews and Skiff Men for
Regatta on Lake Merritt
SCHOONER RIDE
AND CLAM JUICE
FOR DOLPHINS
THE SA'N\ IfKANClSCO CAIili, SATURDAY, eTUNE; 15, 1901;
SPORTS RACING IN THE EAST AND WEST, BOXING, YACHTING, COURSING, GOLF
i ditlon and besides i having- shown speed
there is no doubt they can all go the dis
tance. Prince McClurg is the dark horse
in the race as he has not started this sea
son, but if fit he must be respected. . '
Prince of Melbourne has been a. disap
pointment to many, as he was considered
one that classed with Ethelbert, and to
¦him was left the honor of meeting the son
of Eothen on equal terms. The probabil
ity is for a small field, -which will be in
Ethelbert's favor. Ethelbert has been un
lucky and several times. before this have
races looked to be at his mercy, and if he
does not win to-morrow - the public will
lose faith- in him altogether.
If a three-year-old is to follow up Con-
For the second year in succession Ethel
bert is almost sure to start favorite 1 for
the Suburban handicap, the feature of to
morrow's good card at Sheepshead Bay.
There is just a possibility that if rain sets
in Perry Belmont's horse will be de
throned from the. high pedestal to which
his splendid efforts In standard stakes en-
12 to 1 on Beau Gallant. 12 to 1 oh Blues,
15 to 1 on Sidney Lucas, 15 to 1 on All Gold,
15 to 1 on' Toddy, 20 to 1' on' Prince Mc-
Clurg, 20 to 1 on Procession, 30 to 1 on
Kilogram, 40 to 1 on Alfonzo, and 10 to 1 on
Alslke. . . . ¦ V "•¦
Alcedo, Star Bright, * Kamara and
Watcrcure, at their weights, may cause
trouble, for they are all in. perfect con-
In 1899 Candle Black and Banastar were
considered invincible, closing equal favor
ites at 8 to 5, yet the famous black mare
Imp had no trouble in winning: at odds of
7 to 1 against. In 1898 Ornament was looked
upon as a certainty, yet he flnlshedrout
side of the money, and -Tillo at 20 to 1:
furnished a big surprise.' In 1897 good old
sturdy Ben Brush was true to the confi
dence reposed in him, and he was the last
favorite to win the event. . .
4BALTIMORE. June 14. — In the second
round of a fight here to-night between
"Mysterious ¦ Billy" Smith and Toung
Peter ; Jackson, Smith received a blow
which closed one of his eyes and he left
the ring. His seconds threw up the sponge
at the end of the round.
Billy Smith Quits.
BRISTOL, R. I., June 14.— The under
bedy of the Constitution was inspected
this afternoon by W. P. Duncan Jr. When
the crew stopped work for the day every
part of the underbbdy section had been
touched and there was not a sign of any
corrosion left.
BOSTON, June 14.— By courtesy of the
Navy Department the yacht Independence
was jilaced in the drydock at the navy
yard» to-day to have her rudder changed
and* her bottom cleaned.
Independence on Drydock.
At the San Francisco handball courts
to-morrow the following match and tour
nament games will be played: Tourna
ment games— Third class, W." Mlnehan va.
D. O'Leary; second class. P. J. Foley vs.
A., McVicker; first class.. A. Hampton vs.
J. Collins. Regular four-hand games —
D. McDonald and M. McNeil vs. P. Me-
Klnnon and G. McDonald; J. McNamara
and W. Cummings vs. T. Finn and P.
Farrell; W. H. Sieberst'and N. J. Pren
dergast vs. F. W. Stapff and T. Lydon:
M. Dillon and G. Hutchinson vs. P.
Hutchinscn and P. Kelly; E. Lynch and
N. Berger vs. L. Waterman and J. R.
Bockrnan; J. C Nealon and R. Llner.an
vs. J. White -rod W. Maguire.
• The games scheduled at the Occidental
couTt are: W. Galney and V. Holland vs.
T. Holland and G. Kelly; T. R. Creely and
R.. Donovan v<3. R, Grennan and J. How
ard; A. Woelfel and J. Brady vs. E. Has
kell and M. Dolan: Dr. M. Wackhorst and
W. Rancell vs. J. Flynn and J. Kennealy:
C. Barry and -T. ; Walsh vs. J. L. Mahoney
and A: Qualman; J. Condon and G. B.
Hay ward vs. A. McVicker and T. J. Ly
don- .F. Haynes and W. Collins vs. T.
Clements and E. Antron-: G. Cunningham
and W. Jacob3 vs. A. Collins and L. Ken
ny; T. J. Murphy and F. Mulinup vs. A.
Hansen and A. Frank.
Handball Contests.
NEW TORK, June 14.— The Rancho Gel
Paso yearlings, the property of J. B.-Hag
gin, were sold at auction to-day at
Sheepshead Bay. The prices ruled hi<h
and the colts were in great demand.
Those bringing $1000 or over were:
Cb3 c, by Star Ruby- African Queen. W.
"Welsh. $1000; b. f.. by Watercresa-Alfraet. Sid
ney ¦ Pa«t, I1C00; b. f., by Sjmnwell-Annie
Lewis, P. Stanton, $1300; b. c. by Watercress-
Arthesla. Sidney Paget. J2S00; b. c. by Sir
Modred-Baby. P. Stanton, $2700; b. c. by Sir
Modred-Barbary Maid. Frank Taylor. $2000;
b. c. by Goldflnch-Bavarla. R. Wimmers.
$2000; b. c, by Star Kuby-Bedoll. Sidney Pa
get, $2000; b. c by Golden Garter-Boule de
Niege, Sidney Paget. $2500*. b. c. by Tyrant-
Brier Rose. W. J. Arkell. $1100; c. c. by Fttz-
James-Brillion, J. P. Chlnn. $1050: b. f.. by St.
Gatlan-Chlmera. Sidney Paget. $4900; bay or
brown filly, by Star Ruby-Connemara. Sidney
Paget, $3500; b. c by Watercress-Cottage' Girl.
W. J. Arkell, $1600; b. c. by Golden Garter-
Cresset. II. Dunne, $1100; b. c. by St. An
drewa-Danlella, T. Welsh. $4000.
Forty-three head brought a total of $17.
350, an average of 51100 apiece. ¦
YEARLINGS SOLD
AT FANCY PRICES
Sir Thomas Lipton Willing
to Match His Shamrock II
Against the Constitution
in Contest of This "Kind
. LONDON. June 14.— When the attention
of Sir Thomas Lipton was called to-day
to a report that his secretary had an
nounced his willingness that the Sham
rock II should race with the Independ
ence lf a cup were offered, he replied that
he had made no arrangement for such a
race, but did not see why he should not
do so after his engagement with the New
York Yacht Club was concluded.
"What I would like to de," he said,'
"would be to arrange a race with the Con
stitution across the Atlantic after the
challenge races, whoever wins there. This
would be good sport and a fine test of sea
manship.
"I .have often heard this or that aa to
what could or could not be done- lf oie .
were in mid-ocean. Why not see? Such
a race would be an admirable test of the
stability of a yacht under varying condi
tions/'
NEW TORK. June 14.— The Intimation
of Sir Thomas Lipton that he would like
to. arrange a race across the Atlantic be
tween the Constitution and the Shamrock
II, after the international yacht races,
was conveyed to the members of the New-
York Yacht Club to-night. Great sur
prise was expressed/at the possibility of
such an undertaking.
j The question was raised by members
of the club as to whether or not the syndi
cate controlling the Constitution would
be open for further propositions of any
kind after the cup races were over. It i3
said the owners of the boat will put me
Constitution or the market as soon as her
function is performed, and it is seriously
debated at the yacht club whether or not
the managers of the boat would- arrange
for further races of any. nature.
WANTS TO RACE
YACHTS ACROSS
THE ATLANTIC
THE SAl^ FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 15, 1901. ;
To-morrow morning a half-hundred
members of the Olympic Club will take
a cross-country tramp ? to Willow Camp,
near Bolinas Bay. The jaunt will be un
der the direction of George James, cap
tain of the club, and the members are
expected to leave this city on the 9 o'clock
Sausalito boat. They will go by train to
Mill Valley and. from that place begin
their journey. The distance is seven
miles, and the route will be through the
picturesque redwood canyon. A bountiful
lunch will await the members at the end
of their journey. Those who have at
tached their names to the tramp list are:
J. H. Horlgan. H. Bostwick. D. Danziger,
O. Millwood. H. Mcagber, F. J. Anthony.
Kred J. Sfcerry, H. L. Atkinson. E. Fred
Rous, R. A. Stone. Paul Shurdeven,
George Croal, J. H. Splro, George James,
John Hammersmith. Louis Levy, Jack
Gleason. James Coffroth, G. W. Braun,
O. IX Pcntany. P. K. Rauch. K. R. Aba
die Jr.. C. V. Cloug-h. James B. Brltt, R.
MacLeod, C. H. Ball, J. A. Kreling. A. N.
(hidworth. M. Milward, Alex J. McKirron,
Guy Ransomc, A- S. Stone, George White,
Charles Baum. XV. Clawson, W. J. Leon
ard, A. Castelaya, Tom F. Kennedy, J.
M. Lundie, L. titarr, A. H. Bullion, C. A.
Roberts, C. Carran, E. M. Stack and oth
* rfi - i iii iiindwiirrtttTMtnt'n^ i^ff
OLYMPIC CLUB MEN
OUT FOR A TRAMP
Totals 29 1 5 0 »23 14 2
•Hale out. lnfleld fly. "Evans batted for
Ib ° rS 'RUXS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 5S22??S2 *~ 2
Base hits 00001130 •— 5
San Francisco ° « » J | ' J J M
Base hits 10003010 0-5
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Loi Angeles 2, San Francisco L
Home run— Pabst. Three-base hit— Kelly. Two
baee hits— C. Reilly, Nordyke. Sacrifice hit-
Householder. First base on errors— Los An
geles 2. Fin=t base on called balls— Oft Iburg
S Left on bases— Lo« Anpeles 4, San Fran
cisco L Struck out— By Hale 7. by Iburs 3.
Hit by pitcher— C. Reilly. Double plays— Kelly
to Reitz to Hutchinson; Spies to Reltz. Time
of game— 1:40. Umpire— Graves. Official scorer
— Oshman. ill.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, r. f 3 0 0 0 110
Reitz. 2b. 4 0 10 2 2 0
Householder, c. f... 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Fpie5 c... 4 0 0 0 7 0 0
Hutchinson. lb 2 0 0 0 10 0 0
O. Reilly. 3b.... 2 110 2 3 0
Kelly, s. e 3 12 0 0 4 0
Bowman. 1. f 2 0 113 0 0
Hale, p 3 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 26 2 5 1 27 11 0
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll. c. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
Hiiaebrand. Lf 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 3 0 0 0 13 1
Pabst, lb 3 1 2 0 12 1 0
Km*, e. s 3 0 0 0 0 3 1
Nordyke, r. f 3 0 1 0 0 0 0
Graham, c 3 0 0 0 4 3 0
J. Reilly. 3b 3 0 10 3 2 0
Iburjr. p '.•••• 2 0 0 0 0 2 0
••Evans 10 0 0 0 0 0
LOS ANGELES.
LOS AXGELES, June 14.— Los Angeles
and Sar. Francisco played an exception
ally interesting game of ball to-day,
which resulted in favor of the local team
by a score of 2 to 1. Pabst lined out a
three-bagger into center field, which
passed Householder and was lost in a
hole under the fence, giving him. a home
run.
The game was two hours and a half in
duration, the longest of the season or any
other reason. Elmer Stricklett, the "pop
ular" Sacramento twirler. was responsi
ble foi the drawn out contest. He took
more pains In delivering the ball, and his
p> rations were slow if not graceful. The
.Senators were still sulky, but refrained
from talking back to the umpire, as it
was an expensive luxurv. The following
score will tell how it happened:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dunleavy, If 4 0 0 0 S 0 1
Drennan. cf 3 0 0 1 1 l o
Ptrelb. rf 10 0 0 10 0
Earan. lb 3 0 0 0 8 2 0
Arrelanes, 2b 2 10 0 0 4 0
Francks. es 4 12 17 4 1
Moore. 3b 3 0 0 0 10 1
Ix)hman, c 3 110 5 3 1
Jlabbitt. p 3 0 10 0 3 0
Mosklman, rf 3 0. 1 0 2 0 0
Totals 23 3 5 2 27 17 4
SACRAiiEXTO.
AB. R. BH. S3. rO. A. E.
Devereaux. bs 6 2 4 3 4 3 1
McLaughlin. If 3 2 10 4 0 0
'Vjurtney. 2b. .^ 4 0 0 1110
I>oy!e. rf 3 1 1 ©1 «-0
McOucken. cf 5 10 0 110
Hanlon. lb 5 1 1 0 11 1. 1
Stricklett, p 5 12 0 12 0
Sheehan. 3b 5 1110 2 1
Stanley, c 4 1 2 0 4 3 1
Totals 40 10 12 5 27 14 • 4
HITS AXD RUXS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 10000200—3
Base hits 0 10100300—5
Sacramento 1 0 10 0 0 0 0 S—10
Base hits 1 0 10 10 2 1 G—12
SUMMARY.
Huns responsible for —Stricklett 1, Babbitt 1.
Home run—Hanlor.. Three-base hit—Stricklett.
Two-base hits—McLaughlin. Devereaux, Moski
man. Lohman. Babbitt, Stricklett. Sacra nee
hit —Moore. Flirt base on errors —Oakland 2,
Seeramento 2. First base on called balls—Oak
land S, Sacramento 6. Left on bases —Oakland
«. Sacramento 7. Struck out—By Stricklett 3.
by Babbitt 4. Hit by Pitcher—Doyle, Lohman.
Double plays —McGucken to Hanley: Babbitt
to Lohman to Eagan. Time of game-! hours
:.O minutes. Umpire—Tyler. Official scorer—
McFarl£.nj.
Good Ball at Los Angeles.
With two men out "Unhappy Joe" Mc-
Gucken came to bat and sent a nice one
to Francks. who, instead of throwing it
to first to make the third out and ending
the contest, threw high to Arrellanes at
second. Devereaux crossed the rubber on
the play and the score was tied^ Then
lianlon came to bat. The alleged "Wooden
Indian" came to life in this inning. He
landed on the ball and it soared over the
center-field fence and three men and him
self made the circuit. Babbitt became
difheartened and pitched easy ball. Three
baggers, two-base hits and singles were
made, and when the agonv was over the
t-eorer hit the bell eight times. It was a
sad ending to Ewing's hopes and his smile
was eclipsed by a frown. His men took
their last "licks" and went out in quick
order.
Lehman had smiled blandly at the um
pire throughout the game, but, like every
one else, he was on edge. He loudly In
sinuated that Tyler's eyesight was bad
because he called a strike a ball, and was
fined $5. The uncharitable Sacramento
aggregation howled in fiendish glee, and,
like Shylock, yelled "most learned, most
righteous judge." Devereaux then
i-lammed the ball out and reached first.
AlcLsuphlin gained first on a bunt and
Courtney fouled out, Lohman making a
*tar catch. Doyle was awarded a walk
and the bass were filled.
It was in the ninth inning. The score
was 3 to 2 In favor of the Beaus, and Cal
Ewing eat in the grand stand with a smile
that lighted up the surrounding bleachers.
Stanley had struck out and the spectators
¦were pulling hard for Oakland. Devereaux
was at bat and every one knew it. He
tried to disguise himself by a shorn mus
tache, but his topknot blazed forth in the
sun and he was known to the multitude.
Mr. Francks, who covers territory be
tween third and second for the Dudes,
will have no streets named after him
•when he retires from the diamond: that
Is, If his performance In yesterday's game
is taken Into consideration. He turned an
Oakland victory into an overwhelming de
feat by a piece of ball playing that would
not have done credit to a tyro at the
game.
Makes a Costly Error in the
Ninth Inning and Loses
a Well-Earned Game for
the Unlucky Athenians
FRANCKS GIVES
STATESMEN AN
EASY VICTORY
At a naeeting of the Pacific. Association
of. the] Amateur .Athletic Union held last
night : at the Olympic Club there was a
large attendance of delegates, each affili
ated'club-having: received notice to send
three representatives. After an animated
discussion; in which C.' : L. Neumiller of
the Stockton Athletic Association, and J.
R, Beckman of the Olympic Club took the
principal" parts, it was decided by a vote
of eleven clubs to one that the Pacific "As
sociation shall not prohibit the holding of
professional boxing contests by. the ama
teur clubs 1 within its jurisdiction. , .?
I The Hayes * Valley Athletic Club's appli
cation- for' admission to .the" association
was accepted,". and that of the Masco tte
Club kept for further consideration: The
Merchants' Athletic Club of San Jose was
admitted as a member of the association.
The registration committee having. report
ed favorably, upon, Robert McArthur*s ap
plication for' reinstatement' as an -ama
teur,- the SQUth- End oarsman was unani
mously readmitted • to amateur | standing
F. W. Huntlngton, once swimming teacher
at the;Lurllne;bathsr..will be permitted to
take part in the water, polo game on Lake
Merritt'on July ,4,^ pending decisive action
upon his application: for reinstatement. -
Amateur Athletes^ Meet.
Cricket at Capital Gitv.
. To-morrow . the cricket match { between
an eleven of the Sacramento Club and a
team representing the Pacific Club of San
Francisco will be played at the capital
city. This is the match set down on the
schedule for 'June 2, but' deferred from
that date on account of the inundation of
the Sacramento ground. The Pacific cap
tain has ' experienced - great difficulty | in
getting together a team, . there l being a
notable lack; of enthusiasm among" the
wearers of the red and black. "The follow
ing team will; probably play, , and it ia
hoped "that one other may ; be 1 added -to
complete the team: H. C. Cassldy. 1 can
tain: C. P. Coles, A. B. : Willis, F. Bennion;
W. Petherick, T. J." A. Tledemann, V. P.
Sollpm, W. Henderson, George Theobald
and D. Jamleson. The Sacramento- team
will be chosen from H. J. Turley, captain:
A. T. Chute, H.- F. Elliott. H. R, Elliott
G. V. Green.H. G. Macartney, ' R. Marsh-
Browne.-O.' T. Pardoes.'L. W. •'¦ Robitallle
J. M. Kerr.'-W. B. Paul, C. Id Turner and
R. « L. Reynolds. ' .When ' ; , the Sacramento
eleven visited Alameda on " May " 5 they
suffered defeat at the hands of the Ala
meda eleven," but, playing on their': own
gTound, they, will ¦ probably ' keep . the Pa
cific team busy. The players \ from this
city start at 7 o'clock. to-morrow morning
for.. Sacratoento, reaching San ' Francisco
on their' return at 8:50 on Monday morn
ing. 1 V - \ . '¦¦ '¦¦'. ; L-'."'' " ' . - . : ' ' ' ' - r "
" HAMILTON. Mass., June . 14.— At . the
close of the first day's play in the open
golf championship of the United States at
the Myopia Hunt Club to-day .there were
almost a dozen of the leading professional
players Jn the country who could be said
to-. have a chance at the eight money,
prizes. The leader is Alexander Smith of
Scotland, for three years professional at
the. Washington Park / Club, Chicago.
Following;: are the, scores of the eleven
who qualified: Alexander ' Smith, Scot
land, '164;- Lawrence Auchterlone, Glen
view, Chicago, ." 166; Willie Anderson,
Pittsfleld, 167; Stuart Gardiner, Garden
City, N. J., 168;' Bernard Nichols, Boston,
169; -David Brown,* Crescent Athletic Club,
New York. lSS,"- Willie Smith, ; Midlothian,
Chicago, 170; ' A. G. Lockwood, Allston,
171; John Jones, Myopia, 171; -John Park,
Essex County, N. ; , J., 171; .Georgb Low,
Dyker Meadow,' Brooklyn,';171. ¦ „•
GOLF CHAMPIONS
CLOSELY MATCHED
Fishing on the Sacramento has been
very poor .on account of the prevailing
north ' wind. A number of anglers are
domiciled on the river. 'Among those wait-
Ing for favorable weather are W. A.
Cooper and wife, who are staying at Le
molne. C. B. Gould, John 'Cabman and
William Matthews are at Sims. '
Reports from the McCloud are to the
effect that the fishing is improving in the
lower stretches of the river. Reports from
Verdi, Nev., are to the effect that condi
tions are improved, and by the 1st of July
it is thought, the fishing will be .well under
way. .. • . . ' . . .
Quite a large number, of members of the
San Francisco Fly-casters', Club will stop
at the Country Club during July and Au
gust. • ¦ : ¦
A. B. Finch, Horace Smyth and a num
ber of -friends win go to the Big Meadows
on the 29th and expect to be gone a month.
• Smelt is being caught in plenty at Pes
cado Landing, on the .other side' of Bel
vedere. . ¦ • .. --.¦••-¦ b ¦ ; •
The Capazcnl Club will hold an outing
at Point Bonita to-morrow. : ' :. x
R. Isenbruck and' Dr. George. Gunn will
leave to-day for Benton Kalis, in Puris
sima Creek. . . ¦¦ ' ;' ' - - - ', '
The fishing ati Lake, Tahoe is said to be
very fine, and the trolling fraternity is
well represented at Tallac. - '-. . • ... '.¦. <
¦ M. L. Cross, who is shipping black bass
for the Fish Commission, came down
from the Salt Spring Valley reservoir yes
terday. He caught 450 bass that averaged
six: to ten inches in length, and liberated
them in '• French -Camp and Walkers
Slouch . at Stockton. . He ¦, says v these
streams are the- best he has taken bass
to Curing the. season. Mr. Cross also^ays
that owing to the cold high winds* he was
not as , successful in * catching f fish as , he
desired.; He ¦ says the reservoir- Is liter
ally alive with black bass, and that when
th« season opens on July 1 anglers who
want. to go bass fishing could not do bet
ter than go to the Salt Hlver Valley reser
voir, rwhich is public water, Just above
Milton. There are four 'stages daily to
these fishing grounds. Mr. Cross will now
transfer his base of operations to ' Rus
sian-River. '-. . \ •- ',- . • • ; , ¦; - ; ¦; .¦¦¦;-..'
.Last Sunday L. F. Beatty : and S.'A.
Wells fished off California 7 City and came
hack with smelt, rock and blue cod.-., *
ANGLERS ON ALL
STATE STREAMS
In the: preliminaries -Ray Streator of
Colorado Springs lost the decision to Dave
Barry, of Chicago at the j end of a six
round go. . Streator was on the aggressive
throughout and was applauded ¦ -for his
gameness. ¦¦ ¦" . - ¦ • ' •
Jim Humphreys was gjven the decision
over Bob Watkins, colored, at the end of
the tenth round. George English was the
referee. ,. > .
DENVER,. June 14.-Buddy King, col
ored, of Denver was given the decision
over "Spider" Kelly of San Francisco at
the end of the sixth round at the Colorado
Athletic Club to-night. .The contest was
to have been ten rounds, but Kelly's sec
onds threw up the sponge' at the end of
the sixth, claiming Kelly had sustained
a fractured rib in the fourth round. Both
men were "evenly matched and neither
had the ' advantage until the fifth, . when
King rushed Kelly to the ropes, where
he landed at will, though with apparently
little damage.
KELLY HAS A RIB
BROKEN BY KING
TALENTED OAKLAND MUSI
\ Y CIAN, RETURNS FROM HER
. STUDIES IN EUROPE.
Golf Match at Point Adams.
This afternoon at 2 o'clock there will be
a match between teams; each-of slx'men;
representing the" Sausalito '= and Oakland
Golf clubs. .The match ,wlll, be over eight
een holes, and is the" first meeting of these
two, clubs. The Sausalito team, is some
what tweak, . the j departure of the United
States steamer Albatross having taken
Lieutenants Rouman and Hepburn. Ma
jor T. W. M. Draper arid P. B. Flndley
will. not play, the former being in camp at.
Santa Cruz. The Oakland team will be
under the management of Orestes Pierce,
and will consist of- class B players.? ¦;
The first annual competition for the wo
men's golf championship of the Pacific
Coast will take place at Del Monte in Au
pust, and. in order that golfers from
Southern California may.be able to attend
both events conveniently, the third, annual
contest for the Poniatowski cup at Bur
lingame will be deferred from Independ
ence day to the second week in August.
Hugh Tevis. the first president of. the Pa
cific Coast Golf t Association, having died.
Vice President John B. Miller, of the Pas
adena Country Club, will perform the du
ties of presiding officer 'till the election in
1902. It is expected that Mrs. Jean W.
Bowers of.Garvanza. holder for the past
two seasons of the women's championship
of Southern California, will make a bold
bid for the first women's championship of
all California, her most determined oppon
ent being Mrs. R. G. Brown, holder of the
ladies' cups of the San Francisco and San
Rafael Golf clubs.
The putting grounds at Burlingame have
been dressed with-oil 'sand, and are said
to be in excellent condition. The putting
grounds of the Fort Baker course afSau
salito are in pretty good condition, but the
fair green is still very rough, the revenue
from monthly, dues not being large enough
to employ two or three men constantly in
keeping down the thistles and thick grass.
The council's cup for men of the San
Rafael Golf Club passed Into the per
manent possession of E. : J.' McCutchen
last Sunday, .who won it for. the third
time, defeating J. J. Crooks after an ex
ceedingly close contest. Crooks was 1 up
on the first round, E. J. McCutchen 2 up
at the eighteenth hole and '4 up at the
twenty-seventh: at the thirty-fifth Mc-
Cutchen' s lead had been cut down to 1 up.
The last ho'.e being halved. McCutchen
won 1 up. Crooks made the last round in
47. The final round for the ladies' cup of
the San Rafael Golf Club has not yet been
played, but will probably take place to
morrow between Mrs. R. Gl'.man Brown;
the holder, and Mrs. J. J.- Crooks.
• • SANTAiROSAj'June 14.— A well attend
ed meeting of local horsemen was held at
the Occidental Hotel" this 'afternboh'x for"
the purpose 'of •discussing t plans, for a- big
race meet 'here, this; summer.^ All present
favored T the \ idea, :'and | while , the matter
has- not . yet ¦: been :• definitely "decided v the"
probability,' is s that a- week's meeting,. will
be.held some time during the first half. of
the month' of 'August." ¦* The cards I will '. In
clude both \ trotting and tunning races. \ At
a meetlng'to, be ;held Monday evenlng^the
matter .7 will % be It finally "determined \ and
dates definitely fixed.
Race Meeting at Santa Rosa.
DETROIT, June 14.— Highland Park sum
mary:
Selling, six furlongs— Drogheda won, Ida Pen
zance second, Cypress third. Time, : 1:15. ; -": •
iFour and a half furlongs, selling— Bona won,
Halmetta second, Wanlnta third. Time, :56»4.
One mile selling— Falala , won. Winepress sec-,
ond. Callear. third. Time. 1:41%. ' r
Five furlongs, . selling— Laracor . won, - < vela
second, Hattie Davis third. Time, 1:03%. .
One mile and a quarter. ; selling— Flag" of
Truce won. Free Lance, second, Bell Oourt
third. . Time. 2:10%. ,.,,,,; "V, '
Seven furlongs, selling— Algle -M won, Mag
nus. Trolt second, Custodian third. Time, 1:20."
CINCINNATI,. June 14.— Newport 6ummafy:
i Selling," Blx furlongs— Funlcer "won, -Alice
Scorpion second. . Major Bell third. Time, 1:19.
Five furlongs— Auchendrayne won, ;Durrell
second, Nancy Dobyns third. '„ Time, 1:04%. , - !
Four and a half furlongs— Edna Kenner won;
Rose of Red second, .Handrail third.- "Time,
°On*e mile, selling— Baffied won, Hinsdale . sec
ond Charles Estes .third.'.:" Time, .1:45%. ¦
Seven' furlongs— UledL., won, Uterp - second,
Donna* Seay third. Time, .1:32%.- .. '<- ¦¦..¦¦.
Six furlongs,, selling— Isaac won, Blenheim
second, Pretty Rosie third. .Time, ;1:1S}4. :
CHICAGO, June 14.— Harlem summary :, "
' Five "furlongs— Fred' Ackerman won. Flaneur
second," Mary Moore third. Time, 1:02 3-5. - ..,;
Four and a half ¦furlongs— Jaubert won, Har
gis second, Henry Zitt third. Time, :56 3-5. - .
- Steeplechase, short "¦ course— Filon * d'Or won,
Isen 6econd. Time, 3:45 3-5. No others finished.
¦* One mile . and an eighth— Lake Mills won. .
Plead • second, ' Advance Guard . third. v -* Time,,
Five . furlongs,, ' selling— Altona won, Lord
Quex second,' Major Tenny third. Time,, 1:03 2-6.
One mile — Impromptu won, John Drake sec
ond, Hylo third. ; Time, 1:45 3 : 5. »¦ : ,
ST. LOUIS, June 14.— Fair Grounds summary:
Six furlongs, purse— The Commander 1 .won,
Mr. Mulkey , second, Delsarte ' third. Time,
Four and a half furlongs, purse— Miss. Wan
delohr won, Marque second, Bandero third.
Time,- :56. ' •; -
One mile, selling— Battus won. • Sea Breeze
second, Alfred F. Dewey third. Time, 1:41. . %
¦' One ' mile ' and a' quarter, over five; hurdles—
Dr.. Rose won, Colonial Danje second, Titus
O^ie mllT e and a- 'sixteenth', selling— Skillman
won Belle Simpson second, Amelia Strathmore
third. Time, .1:48%. • - '_ ; . ':
Seven furlongs, selling— Grantor won, Verify
second, Cogswell third. Time, 1:27%. ¦>« , '-;••
\ NEW YORK, June 14.— Gravesend summary:
About six furlongs, selling— Military won. His
Royal Highness second. Candling third. Time.
One mile and seventy yards— The Puritan
won. Collegian second, Alfonso third. .Time,
1:45 1-5. ' v
Five furlongs— Rosslgnol won. Destitute sec
ond. Lady Mag third. Time, 1:02 4-5.
,One mile and an eighth— All Gold won. First
Whip second. Rochester third. Time/ 1:53 3-5. <
Five. . furlongs— Northern Star wqn, 'The
Dancer second, .Byrne Roscoe third. -Time,
1:01 4-5. : > - . . ( •
J One mile and a sixteenth— Andrlflcus won,
Margravlate second. Scurry third. . Time.
1:46 4-5. - . . : , . 1. !;¦¦¦¦'•"'. '.¦¦• .'
GALLOPERS FIRST
PAST THE WIRE
f\KT 1SS BELLE CHAMBERLAIN.
Al/\l atalcnted Oakland girl, who
u W \l a * so ;^ as many, friends in this
JL V ill- city and who has been studying .
'/, . , under r and European ;
masters, has completeu.her musical stud
ies r arid "will return to ,;San' Francisco to w
appear lnV« 7 series of-*concerta»-Thls-.ls -'
welcome news to . her ) many friends j and ;
will undoubtedly be 'ii : pleasure to the'
music lovmg public. . \ .: .
Miss Chamberlain has been absent for |
two years; * During that "time she- has
been : :under the tutelage of Mme. Bloom- .
fleld-Zeisler of Chicago and Mme. Theresa
Carreno of Berlin. Miss Chamberlain be
fore leaving this city to enter upon i her- •
studies was regarded as a pianist of great ~
ability. Those who have heard .her per
form* since she received the benefit of the :
famous teachers' suggestions and correc
tions pronounce her one of the most.bril-.
liant pianists in the country. - - - '
2G0T. SIXTH ; RACE— Mile and 100 yards ;•
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $300. ¦
Index. Horse Wt, Jockey." St. %. Str. Fin..
2395 D. Maid,' 4, 105...Alexdr 3 1 % - 2 1 1 M
'2594 Racrtto, 4, 107.. McCarty 4 2n l'Vi>22i
(2589)Donator. 6, 103 Hoar 1 3 2, 3 1^33
(2577) J. McCleevy. 5. lll.Basg 5 5-5 4 l\' s
2595 Snips, a, 106.Fauntleroy 2^ 4 6 4 I4j 5.
Time— 100 yds. . :06%; U. :24;' %. -.:48%; %,'
1:14; m,. 1:41; lm 100yds, l:47Vi. . Good §,tart.
Won first three driving. Winner,- Burns &
Waterhouse's'ch. m. " by-> St. Leonards-Hand'
Maid. Dangerous Maid got best ride. . Racetto
was badly handled; he should have won. Do-,
nator did not run his race., Snips stopped to
nothing.
Betting— Dangerous Maid, 7-5; • Racetto, .4;
Donator. 2: Jim McCleevy. 6; Snips, 8. . ...
Time— V*. :24: %. :49; .%. 1:14'4. Poor sUrt
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, S. McNaughton's- ch: g. by • imp. - Water
cress-Judith. • Saul of Tarsus ran a nice race.
Mamie Hildreth was away very; badly;- with
an even break she would have ¦ won. Novia
showed improvement. Scratched — Sweet Capo
ral 107, Candlelight II 112, Scotch Belle 100. |
Betting— Saul of Tarsus, 18-5; Novia, 7; Ma
mie Hildreth, 4; Meadow Lark, 5; Almoner,
16-5; Galene, 00; Devereaux, 25; Bill Young,
10; Abba L, 10.
Time— H. :VPi; K.:W,'U. :49%: %. l:0Ui.
Good start. Won first three 'driving. Win
ner. G. Summers & Co.'s ch. g. by imp. Star
Ruby-Tyranny. Glendenning backed up badly.
He 13 said to have run away in the
B. C Greene stopped to a Tyranjjs ' ran
a'" swell race. ~- < . " ' f£ ,."...
Betting— T>-ranus, 12; Glendenning. 7-10; In
ocencia. 5-2; St. Philippina, 12; B. C. Greene,
15. - .
2OOO. FIFTH RAC*E— Six furlongs; selllns;
three-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, 'Wt, Jockey. St. %.' Str. Fin.
2591 S. of Tarsus 4, 112.Ruiz G 3 2 H 11 •
2591 Novia, 6, 107.......: Hoar 3 2 1 11 2 Vi
2583 M. Hildreth, 3.100. Tullet 9 8 2 3 % 3 h
2591 Mead. Lark. a. 109.Alxdr 2 9 6 2 4 4.
2555 Almoner, 5, 1C9. McCarty 1 1 n 4 2 5 VA
2559 Galene. 4. 107.... Bergen 8 6182 6 2
2584 Devereaux. 4, 109.Fntlry 5 4 h 7 1 7 2'
2404 Bill Young, 3. 103.BasgrJ 7 >,4 9 81
2378 Abba L, ,3.- 100 Prior 4 5 3 5h 9
26O5. FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; sell
ing; two-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. 'St. M. . Str. Fin.
25SS Tyranus, 105.. Alexander 3 5 "4 3 1 ns
258S Glendenning. 115... .Ruiz 12 2 11" 2 2&
25S8 Inocencia. 103 Hoar 4 3 h 3 M ' 3 3
2528 Philippina, 107.. McCarty 5 4 1M 5 4 8
2574 B. C. Greene, 106. Basngr 3 12 2% 5
Time— 3-16, :19; >i, =24; %, :49%; 5Uf. 1:08%.
Good start. Won easily. Second < and third
driving. Winner. H. L. Haskell's ch. g. by
Rio Bravo-Rosabella: Bagdad galloped his
field into the ground .first three furlongs. . Shep
r-ard hsld speed, but stopped to nothing. Search
light hung on welL Dr. Boyle is no account.
Onyx came very strong at. the finish. Scratched.
— Sir. Dousal 122. ¦ ' -r
• Betting— Bagdad, 2: Searchlight. 10; Onyx,
9-2; Auriffera. 100; Dr. Boyle. 11-10; Blanche
Sheppard, 23.
2«O4. THIRD RACE— Five and a halt fur
longs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; purse, ?300.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. Vi. Str. Fin.
2587 Bagdad. 4. 112 Ruiz 2 In 1111%
25S7 Searchlight. 6, 124.Alxdr 1 3 1 2 h 2 n •
257S Onyx. 5. 114 McCarty 6 6 6 3h
2,'.6S Auriffera, a, 116.Bennett 5 4 2 3 h 4 3
1701 Dr. Boyle. 4. U2.Barsngr 4 5 3 5^56
2587 Bl. Sheppard, 4, 122.Prior 3*22 41 6
ing; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $300.- '¦'
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey." St. %. Str. Fin.
2390 You You, 112 Ruiz 4 13 14" 13 !
2590 Flattered, 107 '.Hoar 6 2% 2 4 2 2
25S5 Dawaon, 107....Bassinger 7 5 1 3 % • 8
25S5 Rbt. Bonner II, 107.Fogg 5 6 3 5 1 4 1 :
2585 Armado, 107... Alexander 3 4 % 4 h > 5 3 "
254S Remele. 110 Prior 19 1.81 62
.... Dwlght Way; HO.Faunt 8 SI' 9 1 73 -
2590 KnocklnRS. 107....Meader 9 10 10 " 8 2
2567 Arthur Ray. llO.McCartylO 3 % 6 % 9 1
2JS5 Sleeping Child, 107.. Paul 2 7 Vi 7 % 10
. 25S5 Gypsy Boy. 110 Collis Left ... ...
Time— V t . :24V£; i,4. :49V4. Fair start except
Gypsy Boy. AVon easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, J. Sullivan's ch. f. byAmlgo-
Ruby Payne. /It was a gallop for You You.
She was well handled to-day. Flattered did her
best. Dawson closed resolutely.
' Betting— You You.- 11-5; Flattered. 9-2: Daw
son, 7: Robert Bonner, 10; Armado, 7-2; Remele,
40; Dwlght Way. 30; Knockings, 30; Arthur
Ray, 15; Sleeping Child, 150; Gypsy Boy, 12. .
26O3. SECOND RACE— Four' furlongs; sell-
OAKLAND BACKTRACK — Friday,
June 14,- 1901.— Weather fine. * Track
. fast. . ; ' ' ;
26O2. FIRST RACK— Six furlongs; Eelling;
three-year-olds' arid lip 1 ; purse, $300.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. Vz. S'.r. Fin.
2379 Beau Monde, 6, 112.Tullt 4 6 1' 3 ?i 11.
25?3 Parsifal. 3; 102..... Prior 7 1H 1Z 2%
2578 Sen. Matts, 5. 112. I.Ruiz 2 2 1 2 % 3 1
2591 Monda, 5, 109....BlcCarty 5 4 h 4 1 4 6
25S3 Lief Prince, 3, 105:. Hoar 3 3^53 5 \-s
25S3 Irate, 3, 100..FauntIeroy 1 5 Va 6 1 6 1
2591 I Dt. Know, a, 103.Bergn 6. 7'»,4 7^7 VA
2578 Rasp. 3, 102 Treanor 9 9 »4 8 M 8 %
2573 Geo. Dewey, 3. 104.CollislO 10 9 V4 9 1
2592 Sisquoc, 4,: 109..Bassingr 8 8 1 10 , 10
Time— Vi, :24U; MM; %. 1:13. Good start.
"Won first three driving. ."Winner. N. Jortell's-.j
ch. h. by imp. De Beauvolr-Thundercloud.
Beau Monde was the 'best; .he was drawing
away from hi3- field at : the -finish. -Parsifal
stopped badly.: Senator Matts ran his race..
Scratched— Marineuse 102.- Alturas 103... ¦: ¦
Betting — Beau Monde. 3; Parsifal," 6; Senator
Matts, 7; Monda,- 16-5: - Lief Prince, -6; Irate.
15; I Don't Know, 20; .Rasp,; 40; George Dewey,;
30; Sisquoc. 10. ¦ • ... - . ¦ '
Throwing- 16-pouhd hammer — Robert W. Ed
gren, K. A. C. (New York),, won; 125 feet 5
inches; C. J. Dieses, Pastime A. C. (New
York), second, 97 feet 10 inches; James Mona
gRan, Pastime AJ C. (New York), third, 95 feet
10 . inches. . ' •,.•.;•> -v :<
Running broad jump— Leo T. Demlnff, Amerl
<^n. School oti 1 Osteopathy. # won, 21 feat 2H
inches: W^J.- Feldkamp. :Pastlme' A. C-,»"sec
ond. 21 feet 2U-!nches; -John Blackburn; Pas
time A. C. third. 19 feet. Both Deming' and
FeMkamp' brcks the record. '"¦• ¦ ' ' '.
: Throwing 36-pound weight — C. J. Diegres, Pas
time A. C; (New. York), . won, 26 foet 4 Inches. I .
Runnin? high jump— Edward E. Mayer, An
chor A. C. (Jersey City), won, 5 feet 7 Inches.
Five-mile run— Jerry Pierce.. Pastime A. C,
won. Time, 28:55 3-5. . . , .;
can records for junior athletes were es
tablished on the Stadium track and field
to-day in a series of splendidly contested
games arranged by the Amateur Athletic
Union: The successful men and the na
ture .and' time of the . performances were
as follows: y :' . " \ "/¦¦.
Clarke M. Lieble of the Detroit Athletic
Club ran 100 yards in 10 1-5 seconds, cut-;
ting one-fifth of a second off the time of
P. J. Walsh, of the New York Athletic
Club, former champion. ¦¦ '¦ \ ¦¦¦ : .r. . ..
Howard M. Hayes, of Detroit ran 440
yards in 5J. 2-5 seconds, heating the record
of W. G.' Edwards of the Knickerbocker
Athletic Club. New York, of 52 1-5 seconds.
F. R. Moulton, the Yale sprinter, run
ning under, the New York Athletic Club
colors, went 220 yards in 22 2-5 seconds,
beating the time of A. H. Kent of -the
Pastime Athletic Club, New York, which
was 23.1-5 -seconds. ,. •. . :¦. :¦¦
• J. J., Newsome of. the Detroit Athletic
Club -ran : ttie v 220 yards hurdles in 26 2-5
seconds. -which' was two»flfths of a second'
better than . the record of H. Arnold of
the Union Settlement Athletic Club, New
York. .':¦'¦
Both Lee C. Deming of the American
School of Osteopathy, with 21 feet 2%
inches, and W. J. Feldkamp of the Pas
time Athletic' Club, New York, with 21
feet 2^4 .inches,, beating the running broad
jump record, held by R.-J. Mclnerney of
the -Pastime Athletic Club, • New York,
who went 20 feet .10 inches.,. '
' The honors of the day went to the De
troit Athletic Club, whose men were fore
most in the record-breaking and event
winning. The meet Will, close to-morrow
with the senior American, championship.
The summary follows: *\.v- .. .' i ..*~c
880-yard run— H. E. Hastings, New Yo"rk A.
C. won; Irvine Orton, Toronto Lacrosse Club,
second; A. Mackenzie, Pastime A. C. - (New
York), third. Time, 2:03 1-5.
100-yard run— Clark A. Leibbe won, J. S.'
Westney second,: F. R. Moulton' third. Time,
:10 1-5. This is a new record for juniors.
220-yard run— F. R. Moulton, New York A. C,
won. Time, :22 2-5.
120-yard hurdle— Walter Fishleigh won, J. F.
Feldkamp second, •Walter, H. Powers third.
Time. :16 4-5. ¦ r - -
¦ 220-yard hurdle— J. J. Nufer, Detroit Athletic
Club, won. ¦ Time, :26 2-5.
Throwing the discus— D.'H. Davis, Central
Y. M. C. A." (Buffalo), won, 103 feet 8% inches.
Putting 16-pound shot — W. B. Gunn, Central
A. C. (Buffalo), 39 feet 5 inches; W. R. Knox,
Aurelia Canoe Club (Toronto), second, 38 feet
10% inches; Robert W. Eduren, New York A.
C. third. S6 feet 6 Inches.
One-mile run — R. I. Sanford, K. A. C. (New
York), won; A. Mackenzie, Pastime A. C. (New
York), second: H. A. Alliston, Central A. C.
(Buffalo), third. Time, 4:41.
440-yard run — Howard H. Sayers, Detroit A..
C, won; D. J. Brennen, Pastime -A, C. (New
York), second; P. , A. Sahles. K.r A. C. (New
York), third. Time. :51 2-5. This is a new rec
ord for. juniors at the distance. .• ,- J
Pole vault— W. U. Knox," Aurelia Canoe Club
(Toronto), won, 10 feet 4 inches; Henry J. Pet
tit. American School of Osteopathy, 10 feet;
John Blackburn. .--Pastime :.A',C C. (New. York),
third." 10 feet. Pettlt and Blackburn jumped off
the tie. The former -won,", jumping 10 feet -4
inches. . f ¦¦ .¦ ¦ ,.V . - . /.T , ¦ - -• •.
BUFFALO, June 14.— Five new Ameri-
Junior Athletes Competing
r§§ in Buffalo Excel Previous
Performances of Amateurs
in Several of the Events
WORCESTER, Mass., June . 14.— Hardy
Downing of San Jose, Cal.; won ,the fif
teen-mile motor-paced race' at the Coli
seum to-night in hollow style -from Tom
Butler, of Cambridge. \ Time 25:13 1-3. ¦ : \
Downing Wins Bicycle Race.
- NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS. June 14.— St. Louis had a bat
ting feast at the expense of ' Brooklyn to-day^
Attendance, 3500. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
St. Louis 10 \l •
Brooklyn • 6 10-2
Batteries — SudhofT or.d Xlchols: Donovan,
Kennedy and McGulrer Umpire— Emslie.
CHICAGO, June 14.— Taylor's clever pitching
and gilt edge support were too much for the
locals to-day. New Tork winning an interesting
game. Attendance, 1200. Score: . .
Clubs- R- H - E -
Chlcapo • J « 3
New York * 10 1
Batteries— Menefee and Kahoe; Taylor and
Warner. Umpire— Cunningham.
PITTSBURG, June 14.*-There was" nothing
much to the game except Boston's hitting.
Willis had Pittsburs at his mercy and received
excellent support. Attendance, 1S00. Score: |
Clubs- R. H. E.
Pittsburgh v 1 6 . 2
Boston 7 1* 0
Batteries— Leever and Zimmer; Willis and
Moran. Umpire— Dwyer. ¦
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BALTIMORE. June 14.— The crippled Balti
more team fell . easy victims to Chicago
in the third game of the series | here to-day.
Attendance, 992. Scbre:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore :.'. 5 - 11 4
Chicago 10 14 2<
Batteries— Howell, McGlrinity, . Foreman and'
Robinson; Callahan and Sucden.
•BOSTON, June 14. — To-day's game was a bat
ting contest in ¦which Boston excelled."- Attend
ance, 3100. Score: , . ';
Clubs— . . . R. H. E.
Boston -. ....16 18 i
Detroit.. • • 7 9* 6
Batteries — Kellum. Young and Schreck; Cron
ln, Frisk and Buelow; - ¦ -,-
PHILADELPHIA, June 14.— Milwaukee was
treated to another shut out to-day, the com
bined efforts of FYaser and. Lajoie being-re
sponsible. Attendance, 21G0. Score:
Clubs— ' ¦¦'•- rn. . H: ,'E.
Milwaukee 0 6 2
Philadelphia ...' :..'7 ¦ • 11 .:. 0
Batteries— Hawley and' Connor; • Fraser and
Powers. ¦ ' ¦-_ . ... i .¦
BASEBALL GAMES
IN BIG LEAGUES
(2592) Faunette (J. Lewis) 156
2597 Sea Spray (J. Madison) ....' 15S
2597 Hohenlohe (M. Johnson) 161
2542 Spindle (B. Churchill) 1S3
2569 Master Cal (Captain Jack) 139
2597 Guilder (D. Barnes) 158
2592 Kastaine (M. Crittenden) 156
2591 Boardman (J. Moore) 158
Probable "Winners.
First Race—Good Hope, Vantine, Odd Eyes.
Second Race—Wardman, Oscar Tolle, Rey
Dare.
Third Race—Doublet. Hagerdon, Byron Rose.
Fourth Race — Yellowstone, Escalante,
Achilles.
Fifth Race —Horton, Montallade, Merops.
Sixth Race—Sir Hampton, Castake, Sir Dou
gal.
Seventh Race—Master Cal, Hohenlohe, Fau
nette.
Seventh Race — One mile; three-year-olds and
up; Darktown Derby:
Sixth Race — One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and up; selling:
(2578)Slr Dougal ...104 (2597)Burdock 104
2601 Castake 108 2596 Frank Woods.. 104
2593 Rlnaldo 108 2607 Snips 105
2586 Rlxford 104 (2596)Slr Hampton.:. 107
2579 Formatus ......104 2397 Einstein 108
Fifth Race— Mile and 100 yards; four-year
olds and up; selling:
(2593)Montallade HI (2595)Horton 114
2601 Merops Ill 2600 Sylvan Lasa....l03
2607' Racetto 107
Fourth Race— Futurity course; two-year
olds; handicap:
<233S)Achllles 10fil(25?0)Huachuca 110
2583 Escalante 1221 2598 Snowberry 102
2538 Yellowstone ...lOSl 2574 Irma A 94
Third Race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; purse:
2593 Tiburon 109 2335 Bogus Bill 112
2599 Alas 101 (2573)RIo de Altar ..108
2594 Katie Walcott.110 2600 H. Thatcher... 11 2
<2599)Doublet 112 (2600)Hagerdon. 112
2576 The Miller 112 2599 Gaylon Brown.-*3
2393 Decoy 10C 2600 Byron Rose ...105
Second Race — Seven furlongs; three-year
olds; handicap:
2600 Rey Dare 122 2583 Matilda O ....101
2S95 AVardman 113 2583 Darlene 93
(2601)Oscar Tolle 114 2595 Qulbo 10S
2339 Cath. Bravo... 93
THE California Jockey Club will
close Its winter and spring season
of racing to-day at the Oakland
track. As a special event the
Darktown Derby for tha choco
late stakes will be run, all the jockeys be
ing: gentlemen of dark complexional ef
fects. Kentucky John Givens will wield
the flag In this event. The entire card
will comprise seven races. The closing
days are drawing large crowds and the
wind-up of the season promises a gay day
at the track. : -
Beau Monde, the favorite at 3 to 1 in
' the first race yesterday, over six furlongs,
came up from the paddock and by a burst
passed Parsifal and Senator Matts with
ease. Parsifal got. well out In front at the
start and. led until the paddock, when
Beau Monde did the trick. Senator Matts
got the place. ' \ ' ¦
You You was the second favorite to
come- under the wire. In the two-year
old maiden race after a, good start Ruiz
took You You to the front and there was
never any doubt about the race after that.
Flattered finished second three lengths.be
hind, Dawson Coming in for the show.'
Bagdad, with Ruiz up, rolled in for the
first money in the third race. Dr. Boyle
was the preludal good thing, being backed
down from 8 to 5 to even money soon after
the chalking began. Bagdad, at 2 to 1
went to 13 to 10 at post call, when several
packages of money floated Into the ring.
Searchlight getting off well « made the
place and Onyx the show.
Glendenning, another noised about good
thing, burned up money in the fourth
race. B. C. Greene took the lead, with
Glendenning at close haul. When the
stretch was reached Glendenning looked
the sure winner, but Tyranus at 10 or 12
to 1 forged ahead, bound after bound, and
took the purse by a scant nose. Ino
cencia, quietly whispered about the ring
as something mellow, made the show.
.The flfth event brought the third victory
to Ruiz, mounted on Saul of Tarsus, 18 to
5 being the closing price. Almoner, the
favorite, got off well, but fell back grad
ually, finishing fifth. Mamie Hildreth. off
last, made up enough to carry the show
money.
In the sixth race Dangerous Maid took
the lead soon after the start. Racetto
tacking on. When the stretch was
reached Racetto was in advance of the
Maid, but was beaten out at the finish.
Donator got the show.
To-3>ay's Entries.
First Race —Six furlongs; mares; four-year
olds and up; selling:
<2594)Good Hope ....104 25S1 Odd Eyes 104
2594 Van tine 95 2518 March Seven... 95
2591 Lou CHeveden..lO2 2579 Clarando 97
2436 Spry Lark 97
Upsetting of Some Prohibitive and Much-
Shouted Good Things Furnishes Content
ment and Satisfaction to the Bookies
TYRANUS AT TWELVE TO ONE BEATS
HEAVILY PLAYED GLENDENNING
ESTABLISH FIVE
NEW RECORDS IN
THEIR CONTESTS
TENNIS, BASEBALL, ROWING, FISHING, TRAP-SHOOTIN AND ATHELTICS SPORTS
TALENTED YOUNG CALIFORNIA
GIRL RETURNS FROM THE EAST
Miss Belle Chamberlain," After Studying Two
Years in Chicago and Berlin, Gomes Back
a Finished Pianist and AVili Give Concerts
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
1
6
5
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
§ 1051 M ABUT ST. t»t. 6&*7&, Z.J.Zil.
The Larzest Anatomical Museum in the
World, weaknesses or any contracted
disease p«aiUv«l jr cared by the oldest
Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. 1
DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
1 Consultation free and strictly private.
Treatment personally or by letter. A
Puitna Curt in erery case undertaken.
Write for Book. PniLO^UPBT »t
¦AKB1ASE, MAILED FREE. ( A
valuable book for mrn) 4
OB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market SL.SL P.
Independence. What the flag is to the nation.
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters is to the indi-
vidual. It sives yon freedom and protection
from your ailments. When your stomach gets
out of order, causing dyspepsia. Indigestion
and biliousness, or when you are nervous and-
unable to sleep you should try it. It will
strengthen your stomach, steady your nerves
and Induce sound sleep^
What Our Flag Stands For.
Wherever the American flag Is raised In
token of sovereignty. It stands for liberty and
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS'Ar GREAT ' RESTORATIVE. ¦ DTVIGORa "
tor and Nervine. ¦ • - j .7*" ;j
1 The mot wonderful aphrodisiac . and Special <
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Us own merits. -> *
•-.— NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Arenta". • ' ,
rtiBS Market «C. S. Fl— (Send «or^ ClrSula».> y-/
"1 A dosr's . bark . is \ often ; worse than hi*
bite-^but ' his bark : is; preferable" just the
Oysters cannot ' live in . the \ Baltic Sea.
¦The reason is that It is not salty enough.'-
.They can only live in -water, that* contains
atleast 37,parts of salt In every 10U0 plrts
of water.. • ' _ - '. ''^8$f$gMM
DR.MEYEAS&CO, jM%
Specialists. Dla- (feg^f
ease and Weakness 9k&% r
ot men. Zstab- JP^K J**8BL'13$
Ilshed 18SL Consul- TfS? f 1^m K?f
tatlon and private ll
book free, at offlo* V3fc % -
or by mall. Curea w^t^^^F
, guaranteed. 731 Nc09eE$?^K
Market street (ele- Jv^sl^^P
vator entrance), '^y/
San Krandsco. - -~ ., -fjQfl^ .
'"Now that the authorities in New *. York' have been
arresting, people for, playing golf . on Sunday: alf talk
about, the wickedness^of the 'State has ceased, and in
stead ' of the lohT denunciations we now hear'cornplaints
of its "excessive piety."-. : .' , : .
•.The 'wanderings' of, OomT Paul around. Europe are
not easily , explainable, but ¦ perhaps he j is ! looking • for
that High - Court of '• International 'Arbitration- the
Peace; Conference. left"' lying around : somewhere when
it'was arranging to put an end to war.' - . . '
... ; Towrie^ of ¦'. Minnesota, ; the; free silver , orator, has
,quit'. politics; and will settle in New Yolk and devote
himself •¦ to ¦money-making, but:he "will not .follow 1
Bryan'srexample arid start a weekly paper." Even in
the wildest times of the free silver craze it was noted
that Towne had a certain" amount of horse" sense. - ';''.
Discussing public^ sentiment on the subject the
Charleston correspondent of the Baltimore Sun says:
"Frien'ds of Governor McSweeney. throughout South
Carolina have' recently been loud in their commenda
tion of his act in returning their resignations to Sena
tors. Tillman and McLaurin: There is a*big political
move in this, however, and Mr. McSweeney is ex
pected to profit by it next summer when he goes be
fore the people as a candidate for the Senate. The
people who have really sent up the loudest praise of
the Governor are the personal supporters of .., Me-.
Laurin. This element recognized that the junior Sen
ator did not have a bit of a show in *a battle with
Tillman this yearand-is naturally rejoicing. that the
great fight. will not take place. .The McLaurin shout
ers, with the close friends of Governor 'McSweeney,
who want to make him solid for the- race next year,
have' been trying to express the sentiment of the
State, but the great volume of Tinman backers has
kept quiet;" ; " • _.- : •-.- •''.,>
..' It thus appears the Governor called off the contest
Tiot because he has any pbj ection' : to>/ the . excitement it
would have caused. but because, he wo^id. 'have had
no, chance to share in it' and make a, struggle, for. the
stakes.' 'Next -year the contest will'. not be? between
Tiliman^and. McLaurin only. It vyill b'e a freejfor-all
struggle and the redoubtable McS>v.eettey r wilL.'be in
it (roni start to* finish. '. South "Carplinast.hereforetlias
suffered not a loss of her expected conflict, -but 'only, a
postponement of it.-j Let her content herself this sum
mer with eating watermelons in the shade.. . Next .sum- 1
mer she will have a hot time. ' ,
By the nation at large the whole controversy has
been well nigh forgotten and people, are talking of
other things; but down, in South Carolina they are
still wondering and speculating how it happened that
a promised ¦'political duel • so quickly turned into a
foot' race for cover. The perplexing point in the
problem is the action of the Governor. At -the time
he asked the angry Senators to .recall their resigna
tions he gave as a reason for doing so that he did
not wish to subject the people of the State. to the ex
citement of an intense campaign during the heat. of
the summer. There are people in the Stated who de
cline to'accept that explanation with simple faith and
declare a conviction that, it is nothing more than
buncombe. . -
SO\JTH CAROLINA IMBROGLIO.
WHEN Senators Tillman and McLaurin sent
their resignations to Governor McSweeney
there was a thrill of expectancy in the coun
try. Everybody looked to have the' dullness of the
summer season brightened up a bit by a fierce and
furious campaign in South; Carolina. Wh.en the Gov
ernor declined to accept the resignations and advised
their withdrawal there was a sense of disappointment,
and when Tillman, swearing he 'would ne'er consent,
consented to recall his letter and retain his seat all
hope of a fight was over, but there was still a belief
that McLaurin "would stay in the ring as a challenger
and make it lively for the man with the pitchfork.
When at last he withdieiv the affair was at an end and
the country: knew it had been humbugged by a politi
cal farce. •'»"¦...
•From these figures some philosophers draw the*con
clusion that the British race,, like the French, has
passed, the period of its highest fertility and has
started on the decline. It may be the facts cited can
be explained upon some other hypothesis than that of
a diminished fertility, but. if. so it is-curious that the
diminution should. have occurred so generally in all
parts of the world where the* British races have settled
and colonized The one factthat stands in opposition
to the theory is that the birth rate among the whites
of the Southern States,- who are an almost purely Brit
ish.people, having. but-little admixture from foreign
immigration, continues to be large. ' In other sections
of the Union the descendants of the original British
colonists' have been ; so blended with other races that
their birth rate can hardly, be considered in this con
nection. We have, then, the facts that outside the
South the birth; rate of the British races and their
descendants, when urimixed with other, races, has de
cjined in all parts,: of • the world, and it would seem,
therefore, that the theory' of a 'loss of fertility is not
an unreasonable one.
It would be a curious thing if the Anglo-Saxon race',
which has met the new century with the' proud expec
tation of dominating the world before the century
closes,* should suddenly^ cease to multiply in propor
tion to other. races and lose its prestige among the
peoples of the earth. .It is to be noted there is no
diminution of the birth rate among the Italians or the
Germans. The rapid increase of the Italian* race of
recent years has been, in fact, one of the 'marvels of
Europe./ : In spite of a heavy emigration that has car
ried millions' 6f -Italians into' every progressive coun
try in Europe and to "all' parts! of and. South
America; the population of Italy has in twenty years
advanced- 'from 21,000,000. to 35,ooo,ooo. There has
been of 'late much talk of "decadent" races; and now
the' statistical [experts are intimating that -the mighty
•Anglo-Saxon \may have j to] be included among them.
The diminished birth rate of the. British Canadians
is regarded by students of population' as the. more,
significant because it : corresponds with a similar de-'
cline among the British peoples, of other countries
In the New England States, for example, it has long,
been noted that. the". old families of so-called "native 1
Americans"— that is. to. say, the people of British
descent— have actually ceased to multiply, ; and in
some New England* localities the death, rate among
them is higher than the birth rate. The recent "census
in England shows that the tiirth rate* there in. 1899
•was- but .29.3- per -'thousand inhabitants as compared
with 35.6 in 1878. Furthermore, Australian reports
show a decrease in 'the birth. rate there. Thus it ap
pears that in old England and in New England, in the
climate of Canada and.in the climate of Australia, and
under all the varying conditions of those widely
separated countries, the Anglo-Saxon birth rate has
begun "to fall below the standards of the past.
CANADA is dissatisfied with the census returns
of her population. While the complete re
turns have not yet been compiled, the results
of the count thus far lead to the conclusion that in
stead of a population of upward of 6,000,000; as was ex
pected, the returns will show hardly more than 5,500,
000. The most depressing feature of the count, how
ever, is the revelation that while the birth rate of the
French element of the population is high,' that of the
British ; races in the Dominion has fallen during the
past decade much below what" it was in former years.
ANGLO-SAXON \BIRTH RATE.
Francisco , to Queenstown and from the
same port to Capetown it -would be neces
sary to know about what particular track
the Information is desired. The distance
is greater by some tracks than by others,
and there are so many that this depart
ment cannot ftive them all.
PICKETS-A. ;R, Nortonville, Cal. If
you will take a pair of compasses, set the
legs '; half an inch apart and mark off
twelve Inches on a straight line, then
draw a line In .the shape of a hill, com
mercing at the first point made with tha
compass, and continue the line to the last
fioint made, and then measure the Irregu
ar line by T means of the compasses. at
half-Inch space, that will tell you if it
requires ¦ more pickets set at equal dis
tance to make a fence over a hill than
if the pickets were placed on a straight
line at the base of the hill,- equidistant
from the point of starting:, to go over the
hill to the point of the last picket.
TO QUEENSTOWN— D. N. P., City. To
determine the all-water distance from San
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
OREGON SHORT LINE— McK., City.
The Oregon Short Line belongs to what
is known as the Harriman Syndicate.
"WIFE IN ENGLAND— J. P. I., City. On
the 15th of last May the "deceased wlfe'S
sister law in England" had not been
passed.
COLORED POPULATION— S., Keteey
ville,. Cal. It will be Impossible to give
the number of colored people In the -United
States at this time until the Census Bu
reau shall have given out the figures. ;
SANTA ANA— F. "W. S., Campbell, CaL
The rainfall in Santa Ana, Orange Coun
ty, California, for 1898 was 4.07; for 1899,
9.69; for 1800, 8.53, and for the season of
1901 about the same as the previous year.
THE MINIMUM AGE— A. "W\, Golden,
Gate, Cal. The minimum age "when one
may be ordained a priest hi the Catholic
church is 24 years. Under extraordinary
circumstances some priests have been or.
dalned at the age of 23.
STATE BOARD OP PHARMACY— P.
H. S., Santa Rosa, J CaJ. The following
have been appointed on the State Board
of Pharmacy: John G. Calvert of San
Francisco, J. B. Finger of Santa Barbara
and J. J. Crowley of San , Francisco.
THE FORTY-FIFTH— A. L. O. X, City.
The reason that the men of the Torty
fifth regiment were stationed at the Pre
sidio on their return from the Philippines
was that It was understood before they
landed here that there should not be any
wholesale leave giving to visit the city.
SEA OTTER— Subscriber, Monterey, and
I., Sausalito. Cal. The law approved De
cember 29, 1900, relating to the protection,
of the sea otter and fur animals, prohibits
fur animal nshing north of the 35th de
gree, north latitude. That passes through
this State just above the northern bound
ary of Santa Barbara County.
SIR JAMES McINTOSH— E. M. V.,
Oakland, Cal. Sir James Mclntosh, tha
philosopher, was born October 24, 1765, at
Aldourie. 6n the banks of Loch -Ness,
seven miles from Inverness. He. died at
his home in Langham Place May 30, 1332,
and was buried at Hampstead June 4 fol
lowing. , .
THE* ENCINAL— E. M. V., Oakland,'
Cal. In the early days of California that
portion of Alomeda County now called
Alameda was covered with oaks. In Span
ish encinal - means • the woods, the ever-
green oaks, and because of 'the oaks on
that territory it was called by. the Span
ish-speaking people "El Encinal." •••;.-
NO ONE OF THAT NAME— Pine St.;
City. There never was an Australian
named Futton In the United States Con
gress, either as a Senator or a Represent
ative. " This department • does not recoxn- 1
mend any one engaged in any particular
private business, nor advertise which in
dividual is the most eminent In his private
professional business..
Speeches like these recall the eloquence with which
Chatham. Camden and Barre opposed the : insensate
war of King George upon the American colonies, and
they may be read by Englishmen hereafter with re
gret that their warning , was. not needed. 'In the mean
time, however,, the. stolid Briton goes or sending
more and more reinforcements to Kitchener, and the
wasting war continues to consume life "and treasure
despite all the appeals that impassioned eloquence" can
make. 1 * - . " "
In the course of his speech Mr. .Morley was
taunted with being a "little" En glander," and.in-re
plying to the- taunt 4se said: - "I quote again a"Yen
tence from a great divine: 'Things are what they are',
and their consequences 'will be what they will be.
Why then seek to deceive ourselves?' Wear out your
coal, pile up your debt, multiply and' magnify your
responsibilities in every part of the globe, starve so
cial reforms among your people at home, and- then
indeed you will have a little England,- a: dilapidated
heritage, to hand on to your children and your chil
dren's children." - . , .
That Frederic Harrison is not the only eloquent
Englishman" who regards the war with abhorrence and
detestation is made evident by the recent speech of
John Morley in the House of Commons.. Referring
to the statesmen who brought about the war he said:
"Were not your advisers and inspirers dreaming when
they launched you on this business? The expenditure
of this 150 millions has brought not what British
statesmen wanted, but precisely -what they did not
want. It has brought about havoc and ruin, material
havoc and material ruin, unspeakable, unquenched,
and for long unquenchable racial animosity, a task of
political reconstruction of incomparable difficulty. All
the other consequences I need not dwell upon of, this
war, which you must let me call, as I think, a hateful
war, a war insensate and infatuated, a war of uncom
pensated mischief and irreparable wrong." u3r3
The actual conflict Mr. Harrison describes as "a
wasting and savage war which has gone on for nearly
twenty months with no visible result except the
slaughter of nyriads of men, the waste of £150,000,000,
ruin, devastation and famine broadcast over the very
country we pretend to call a part of our empire, and
deadly. -hatred 'planted, in a race^ of men that" never'
forgety-\yhom we pretend to .call our fellow citizens."
As a further explanation of the cause of his panoplied
hatred he adds: "Not only are we being ruined,
humiliated and made" odious as a nation, but we are
being made tne laughing-stock of the world. This
grotesque fooling for party ends is transforming us
into a race of blackguards. Tne disgusting orgies of
Mafeking and carnivals were encouraged and financed
by politicians and advertising' tradesmen. They were
blessed by the clergy of thafchurch which assures us
that *God made war.* Soldiers who have violated the
law of nations, and have left the field of their so
called conquests a scene of chaos and confusion,
swept by incessant and aimless fighting, are hailed as
if they vrere the saviors of the country. Generals who
have suffered humiliating defeats, over which the civ
ilized world has made merry, vapor about at bazaars
and garden, parties as Jieroes and heaven-born com
manders." ¦ • . -V
Mr. Harrison declares the origin of the war "is the
old struggle for ascendency — just, the claim of the
Orange Protestant minority in Ireland to bring to
heel , the Catholic native race." He speaks of it as
"a stupendous folly, an abominable crime, into which
British adventurers have plunged the empire," and
says: "They rigged the political market, they«-gave
commissions to leading politicians, they hired the
press in Africa and «\t home, they poured out on the
public ear a torrent of calumny and sensational false
hoods, they organized a foul act of piracy, they bullied
and blaclcmailed the /department,* they made the rep
resentative .of the crown their creature. This respon
sible Governor of a self-governing colony stooped" to
play the part which; some noble chairman of a rotten
company performs as the figurehead of a board of
guinea-pig " directors. * * * He .mouthed out
rhetorical abuse of the Government with .which he
was sent to negotiate, and when he saw the possibil
ity of a peaceful issue of the imbroglio he had fanned
he took care to make a' settlement impossible, and
war the natural result" \
1-VREDERIC HARRISON recently declared that
t~"< he ano his supporters in Great Britain regard
¦*¦. the war against the Boers with "panoplied
hatred," and, having been called upon to explain, has
done so in something like, 3000 words of such a de
nunciation of "the infamous, war" as has hardly been
uttered by the fiercest of the Boers themselves. - T i
PANOPLIED HATRED.
¦ NEW -YORK;- June" 14.— The following
Calif orniana. are. in New York: v
From San "W. F. Holden. at
the Imperial; J. W. Keyes, at the Cadil
lac; J. K" Shetterly, at the Astor; E. D.
BakerT at the Navarre; H. C. Bunker, at
the. Imperial ;¦ J. F. FIdsen, at the Grand
Union; G. W. Lunt, at the Imperial; J. F.
Rowe and E. A. r Rowe, at the Grand
Union; J. "W. Bourdette, at tha Jmperial :
Miss E-Deftn, at the Netherland;> E. I*
Foster and wife, at the Empire; J. F.
Hank and wife, at the Sinclair; S.'Levy.
at the Cosmopolitan; T. H. Macdonald. at
the Astor; 'Mrs. "W. Shaw, at the'Nether
land; E. Stevenson and J. J. Stevenson at
the Continental, and Mrs. S. Wonham at
the Netherland. • "
From Los Angeles— F. E. Clark, at the
Murray Hill. ¦ x •
CALIF0B1TIANS IN ' STEW YOSK.
SATURDAY. ... . . . . - .'. " ; . - - - . . . . . JUNE 15, 1901
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
kiirt** All Commimicfttieni to W. 8. LEAKS, K&a&ger.
MAXAKEH'S OFFICE.."'. ... .Telephone Pres» 254
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and Tlilrd, S. K.
. Telephone Pren 201. ".*.-..
EDITORIAL. ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson St:
Telephone Preos 2SO2. , ¦ • „-¦ - ' r .-
Delivered <br Cnrriern. 15 Cent* Per Weelc..
Single* Copies. 5 Centii.' '
Terms br Mail. Including- Postaffei
Z>ATLT CALL (including Sum ay), cue rear.. .....7... $6.01
DAILT CALL- <lncl»dint Sunday). 6 months...... S.00
DAILY pAXI. <i&c!u<!lnK Sunday), 3 -months "T. 1.50
DAILT CALL— By Sinjrle Month 65c
•WEEKLY 'CALL. Ode Tear ..............: 1.00
All postmaster* are tntborlsed to receive
subscription*.- . , ~ >
Purnr'* ««rir>1»« wfl! ' b" fdrn-arflwl when re*ruested. •
•George Al Rice, who recently-; arrived
from London," has returned " from the
northern .part' of the State, where he has
been inspectingrihis mining properties. He
is at- the Palace.^-^;f <^.~
¦ K.-R. : Munro, chief postofQce inspector,
has returned from a .visit to "Washington
and New Tork cities on official business.
! - G.i A. | McElfresh, chief ranger" of th©
Foresters, arrived from Los Angeles yes
terday, and is at the Grand..-. ; ;
Thomas'.D. "Wood, an extensive land
•owner of Santa Barbara, is at the Palace
with his ' wife and family. .' /
Judge "Adair' Wilson of Denver," accom
panied by his . wife and daughter, Is at
the'Palace. ' •
Dr. E.' ; * T." Gould of Sonora j is spending
a few days In the city and has" made the
Lick his .headquarters. .-'<\ ",VV
!• M^ss:. Josephine Robb.'.a well-known
writer . for Eastern magazines, Is at the
Palace. >-'-'• ¦¦¦ - •¦ .
James Gallagher, an extensive raisin
grower of Fresno, is registered at the
Grand. ..... .
Edward Stratton, a prominent oil man
of Bakersfleld, is a guest at the Califor
nia. ."„ r i
¦ _S. C. St. John, one of the most prom
inent residents of Fresno, is at the Lick.
¦ . - P. I* Flangan, a mining man of Reno,
is ; a guest at the Grand.
. Ex-Assemblyman C. B. Jllson, 'a well
known mining 1 , man. Is at the Grand.
Judge W. J. Tinnin of Fresno Is at the
Grand. .- .., ,'-•-'.','
". Ex-County Assessor W. P. Lynch of
Oroville is^at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
;. These schools have been selected chieflv
as examples of , good work done In the
Southern States, but the , purpose of their
introduction would be greatlV misunder
stood and perverted if construed as a dls
paragement > of many others \. which are
not * mentioned, ;but. which, * if j described
woul Kn. b - rI ? g^ 1 il to ; stiU dearer'. light the
capability.' or the 'negro and tho advan
tages to. the;, race and the "country of
larger .: and • more liberal efforts for his
right education. Valuable as - are these
and'other agencies, they are painfully in
adequate | to meet and to supply, the 'edu
cational needs of the Afro-American race
Mr.":- Slater . - anticipated -" "adequate ' and
equitable i public i provision for education"
and authorized * the ; corporation •¦ at j that
time ; to applyiVthe capital of the fund to
the 1. establishment" ' of u foundations I sub
sidiary to existing. Institutions. of higher
Need of Government Aid.
The Norniaraiid Industrial Institute at
Tuskegee, ! Ala.,* was established: by act
of the Legislature in 18S0, and has since
without Interruption, received aid from
the State. On July. 4. 1881, it began its re
markable' career under the superinten
dence of Booker T. "Washington. The se
ries of autobiographical papers that re
cently appeared -in the Outlook and • at
tracted such wide and favorable attention
gives a graphic account, humorous, pa
thetic, thrilling, of the difficulties which
attended the inauguration of the enter
prise and .of the persistence,' courage
ability, hopefulness and faith which have
characterized Booker T. Washington. He
is now almost as well known as any man
in the United States, and Harvard Uni
versity, has .honored itself by conferring
on him • the degree. - of master of arts
Since, the genesis of this institution in 1S81
(I became agent of the Peabody educa
tion fund in that year) I have known him
and his work, and I doubt whether anv
school ever established in this or in anv
other country has I attained in so short a.
time f such marvelous and deserved tri
umph. Forty buildings for overSOO stu
dents have been erected, and these from
the drawing of the plans to the putting
in of the" electric fixtures have been al
most- wholly 'the product of : student
labor. All who enter the. institute must
learn some industry., A knowledge of all
the steps; of the progress only enhances
one's estimate 5 of the school and its ex
traordinary principal. The • Slater fund
among its -many achievements, must al
way B .- treasure what Mr. Washington said
years ago: "For the impetus given to thp
industrial department the school is- chiefly
indebted to .the John P.* Slater f und
Greater indebtedness has been frequently
and gratefully expressed; in later reporta
Spelman Institute, In Atlanta, , is for the
education of girls, and is under the exclu
sive control . of female teachers. Many
persons | regard • it as, on the whole, the
most - successful aDd admirable school in
the South. It Is so excellent as to escape
adverse criticism from the most censori
ous. As far back as 1884 and 1886 Dr. Hay
good said: "The general agent wishes to
add as to the work done at Spelman; he
does , not know any school where money
goes farther^ in doing good. One could
hardly exaggerate *a statement- of the
good accomplished In this school." Dr
Glenn, _the able Superintendent of Schools
in Georgia," has often spoken in most eulo
gistic terms of the discipline, 1 the instruc
tion,the atmosphere, the most wholesome
influence of this school, and after twenty
years of close observation, and annual in
spection I take great pleasure in repeating
this praise. V -
The institute . was a pioneer in. indus
trial training, and is among the best ex
ponents of this new movement in educa
tionJ To meet the needs of the negro this
necessary adjunct, . this essential part of
his education, was introduced and cor
related with academic training. The in
dustries are not a kind of play, are not
merely intended as helpful in making a
living, although that is very important,
but they are Intended to cultivate as well
true art in its refining and artistic effects.
The girl pupils are encouraged and stimu
lated to make their rooms models of good
housekeeping, and every nook and corner
must, be kept in readiness for dally in
spection. The trade school, the primary
school, the normal work, domestic science,
agricultural instruction, all the depart
ments under faithful and accomplished
instructors, are working out a great prob
lem in the most hopeful manner. It would
be grossest Injustice in describing and ad
miring the noble and stupendous work
accomplished at Hampton not to ascribe
prcper credit, exalted merit, to the prin
cipal,. H.B. Fris sell, D.D., whose piety,
integrity, common sense, tact, energy and
ability have. contributed so powerfully to
the growth and character of the institute
and placed him on the roll among the
chief. educators of our country.
' Schools at Atlanta and . Tuskegee.
A volume - would ' not suffice : to give 'a
meager detail of the work of .the trust or
of the beneficial- influence exerted on pub
lic sentiment or on the wisest methods of
instruction for the "lately emancipated."
Sktpticism as to the mental capability of
a race kept continuously, from time imme
morial, in a state of ignorance, supersti
tion and savagery, enslaved in this coun
try for 200 years, without schools' or ade
quate religious instruction, is natural, per
haps unavoidable. Prejudices engendered
by the war and the more disastrous sub
sequent consequences of the war, adverse
Congressional legislation and - criminal
neglect by the Federal Government of
those whose emancipation and citizenship
logically and humanely involved a result
ing obligation to prepare and qualify for
the new responsibilities and duties and
other causes have combined to deprive the
negro of the benefits which should have
come from general and proper education.
An argument conclusive. Irrefutable, in
favor of the capability of the negro would
be a visit of inspection to some,. to many,
of the schools which have been benefici
aries of the Slater fund. Take Hampton,
the best, the monument to the patriotism,
the educational statesmanship, the genius
of that wonderful man, General S. C.
Armstrong.. . .- . .\ . .;
Benefits to. the Southern Negro.
At the first - meeting Mr. Jesup was
made treasurer, .and .- the talents, as a
financier, displayed in his private busi
ness and as a director of corporations
have been given with equal results 'to the
trust which has enlisted his time; thought
and constant labors. While keeping - up
anr.ual appropriations for the schools the
fund has, under his financial- skill and
ability, reached nearly $1,500,000. The dis
bursements for schools have aggregated
over $650,000.
The election of a successor was an easy
task and .Dr. D.--C.- Gilman .was-unanl
mously chosen. , As; allr eyes had- turned
instantaneously tor him, "no . alternative
v.as to be' considered. « Of his ripe schol
arship, unique personality, . exhibition : of
those qualities .which in rare combination
make the' wise counselor .and the'unex
celled president of a great university," this
is not the place to speak; Johns Hopkins
University is largely the creation of ¦ his
extraordinary gifts, and well-trained
young men are carrying - and. reproducing
his influence into nearly all the colleges
of the West and Soilth. The great achieve
me-nts of the 1 Slater. fund have been in'no
small degree' due to his wisdom, experi
ence, grasp and mastery of difficulties.
Dr. D. C. Oilman's Influence.
tees, and no one met more conscientious
ly and wisely the obligations he assumed.
He was unsparing of self, discreet in
speech, sagacious in counsel; "courageous
in following his convictions, • and - set I a
stimulating example of • promptness, pa
tience, : courtesy, hopefulness - and . faith.
Having, held the highest, and most honor
able office in the world was "no excuse for
abandonment of personal duties nor for
cessation of labors for his country's weal.
He' consecrated • his sound judgment, his
wide intelligence, his tenderness, his gen
erosity—all the>powers- of body, mind,
heart— to the illiterate, the unfortunate,
and went about over the whole land do
ing good. .i . -;
XVni.— SOMETHING; THE GOVERNMENT FAILS TO,DO.
"Behold, how- great > a matter a little,
fire kindleth!". | Good deeds, ! like leaven,
have a pervasive and beneficial influence.
Numerous inquiries as Uo the character
and methods of r the Peabody education
fund and for copies of the letter 5 of gift
have reached me. . Tulane, in the contri
bution which . resulted in Tulane Univer
sity, states that he was moved thereto by
the success of the Peabody fund. \, Mr.
Slater makes distinct personal acknowl
edgment', of the encouragement to the
execution of the long-cherished purpose
of h4s charitable foundation which derived
from the eminent wisdom and success
that had marked the conduct of that fund
in a field of operation no,f remote from
that contemplated by him.Y.
It was fortunate that Df*. -D. C. Gilman,
the able and scholarly president of Johns
Hopkins University, was the friend and
adviser i of Mr. Slater,' for when consulted
he was able to give the benefit of his large
and varied educational experience, his
sound" judgment and his , sagacious wis
dom. He sketched for Mr. Slater an out
line of the objects within 1 the range of
accomplishment by such a trust 'and thus
gave clearness and shape to the ideas- and
wishes which were unformulated in the
mind of the founder. Dr. Bacon's pen put
in final form the letter, which bears date
March 4, 1892, and was addressed to
Messrs. Hayes, Waite, Dodge, Brooks,
Gilman, Stewart, Colquit> Jesup, Boyce
and William A. Slater. These gentlemen
were invited to procure a charter under
which they might organize, and Mr. Mor
ris K. Jesup, with whom Mr. Slater had
conferred freely as to the character of
the securities ' to be transferred, pro
ceeded to Albany and secured the requisite
act of incorporation, , liberal in its pro
visions and exempting the property and
all investments and . reinvestments, ex
cepting real estate, from taxation of any
and every nature. This forethought and
influence have been a great saving to the
fund. ~
Organizing for Work.
The first meeting of the trustees was
held May 18, 1882, in New York City, with
ex-President Hayes, who had been desig
nated by the donor as president of the
board, in the chair. According to by
laws promptly adopted, Chief ., Justice
Waite became the vice president.' ~ Mr.
Jesup the treasurer and Dr. D.<C. Gilman
the secretary. Mr. Slater himself was
present at this meeting and paid over to
the trustees the sum of $l,000.t>00, of which
$520,750 was invested in railroad bonds, and
the remainder was in money. The letter
of gift designated, as ttte general object
to be exclusively pursued, "the uplifting
of -the lately emancipated -population of
the Southern States and their posterity by
conferring, on them the blessings of Chris
tian education." It was not only for the
sake of the negroes but also for the safety
of our common country that Mr. Slater
was desirous to to aid the f reetlom by
"providing them with the means of such
education as shall tend to make them good
men' and good citizens." The lines of op
eration to be followed in the then con
dition of things were "the training of
teachers from among the people requiring
to be. taught and the encouragement of
such institutions as are most effectually
useful in promoting the training of teach
ers." ' ¦ \ -v •¦¦•;¦
From the first meeting, with the cordial
approbation of Mr. Slater, until the pres
ent time, the trustees have construed their
instructions as . requiring that . the
scholars in aided schools "shall be trained
in some manual' occupation . simultane-.
ously with their mental and moral instruc
tion." and that in aiding "such schools
as are best fitted to prepare young colored
men and. women. to become useful. to their
race," those should be "carefully sought
out and preferred which give instruction
in trades and other manual occupations."
Efforts of Dr. Haygood.
Atticus G. Haygobd, D. D., of Georgia,'
was selected in October* 18S2, as general
agent, and the board soon approved a plan
of operations, as outlined by him, for car
rying out the directions contained in the
letter of gift. With great activity, enthu
siasm and ability, Dr. Haygood prosecuted
the delicate and difficult duties with which
he had been charged. ' He aroused a
larger and more enlightened interest in
the education of "our brother in black,"
was regarded as a special benefactor and
friend of the race, .because of his judi
cious counsel, his large sympathies 1 and
his boldness and eloquence in pleading for
right and justice. He traveled thousands
of miles, visiting leading institutions in
North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennes
see, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louis
iana and -Texas, and acquired an amount
and accuracy : of - information on the sub
ject of negro education not surpassed by
that of any other man in the country.
• As the result of earnest arid intelligent
study his convictions were strengthened
as to industrial - training "affording the
means of making a more self-reliant and
self-supporting population and necessary
as- furnishing some of the conditions of
the best intellectual and moral discipline
of the colored- people— especially of those
who are to be the teachers and guides of
their people." What he saw as to the in
ferior quality of most - of the teaching
done in the public schools for the negro
children illustrated forcibly the - wisdom
and patriotism of Mr. Slater in requiring
the use of his means for the encourage
ment of 'institutions useful in the training
of teachers. Dr. Haygood, was confirmed
also in the opinion of himself . and the
board that best results would be attained
not >by diffusion of 'the available in
come, 1 but by, concentration upon a com
paratively, small number -of Institutions.
This judgment has been more strictly ad
hered . to in later years, with results too
obviously beneficial to be disputed To
those who know the , facility with which
schools,- hardly such^ except in name, are
started - in ; hundreds - of places - and how
solicitors are kept in every Northern
State, and-, town earnestly and sometimes
wickedly begging for help which is used
for personal benefit, and how tnany thou
sands of dollars have been * worse than
wasted upon pathetic but unworthy ap
peals, an argument cannot be necessary
to vindicate or enforce a resolution of the
trustees, "that no money be appropriated
to institutions. that are nqt, with good rea
son, believed to be on a permanent basis "
and that appropriations to schools and
colleges should be dependent upon a like
or larger suimbeing raised for the same
specific purpose by the parties Interested
; " Influence of Ex-President Hayes;
, At the meeting. of the board In October
1&90, President . Hayes announced ' the
resignation -of Dr. Haygood; who had
been elected a* bishop of the MethodlPt
.Episcopal Church South. In. the consid
eration of the .necessary action "conse
quent .upon the resignation -the i office of
general agent was abolished, and an edu
cational committee .was appointed * whose
chairman ; was ~ empowered Vto study- the
education . and ' upllf tins of f the African
race. of the_South," and. generally; to per
form such duties as ' had * previously - been
•the work of the V general : agent * ' - Mr
Hayes, the president of^the board wrote
,to , the s Hon. j. Robert .> C. :. Winthrop;. the
president 'of the f Peabody board 'that
Vwith entire sunanimlty the ¦ Slater board
preferred ithaf the agent of .the Peabody
board • should take up the work laid ; down
by Bishop I Haygood.-: an<T that the agent
had been elected; a member of the" Slater
board; and , made; chairman "of "its educa
t -'' ee i imit V CO lv a L°1 3 It ,I was deemed . wiso
that the two boards .should act sin entire
harmony. The , writer of this ; paper - ac
cepted the ppsitiqn.vand^thescb-operatlon
between - the • two ; boards : has ; resulted * in
increased, economy, and: efficiency.. - - • --'
? On : January^l7, , 1893, .-President: Hayes
died. • His death'. was ; a > great t loss to • tha
corporation, ! as it was to j many other » in
terests in which he .was concerned/ It was
a happyithought lniMr.1 Slater to : put him
at tie head'.of -the trust.' J AX any personal
Inconvenience ' and £ sacrifice,' .he
the ' meetines of the : board . and • commit-
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
THE PEABODY AND SLATER FUNDS.
D3y JT. Ij.M. Cs\xrrry-> XjXj. 3D.,
EX-UNITED STATES MINISTER TO SPAIN, AND GENERAL AGENT OF
Recommendation to the Federal Govern
ment to Assist in the v Work of Edu
cating the Colored Race.
Prepared ¦ by -Experts and Specialists for
The San Francisco ; Call
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS
' A~ L0^ G - ith *- "current reports' of railroad
ZA' combinations 'and traffic deals there come
¦*- V others which will be 'received by the public
i with more satisfaction.* /Severafpf the great lines have
entered upon a • systematic improvement of their "sta
tion buildings, so as^'to add to the convenience of the
passengers, and in- many instances the ; improvement
will consist in the construction of an entire new edifice
which will be an ornament to the town in -which it
stands. .
In addition .to.improvements' of a purely utilitarian
kind it is 'announced that the New York Central has
adopted a plan; for . making the T grounds around its
stations attractive by grass, shrubbery 1 arid flowers.
Of course the idea is- not new. A great many stations
in the United States and a 'considerable number in
California are already adorned to some extent by such
gardens, but it appears that the Central intends to un
dertake the work on a more comprehensive scale than
has ever before been tried in America. It is stated
that a landscape gardener .has -been appointed to
superintend the* work -along the whole line of the road,
and .it'^is believed that under his management every
station will be made attractive and satisfying to 1 the'
eye., g '-''" '-..' ¦ -/. . ~> ..." .
'. A more notable experiment is reported to have been
decided upon' by the Illinois Central. It is said to
have equipped a train with the machinery for - con
structing sample stretches of highway , and will send^
it out to give 'object lessons in good road building all
the way from Chicago to New: Orleans. The railroad
has furnished the train with transportation for r the
equipment' arid party, including sleeping and commis
sary facilities for eighteen people, besides six laborers
who are with the train. v Seven .manufacturers of road-:
making machinery have contributed the apparatus
which will be used, and share the expense of the ex
pedition for the purpose of making their machinery
known. Each sends a competent marv
The work of road construction is to be 1 done under
the direction of President; Moore of .the National
Good Roads Association, assisted by a representative
of the Department of Agriculture. It is therefore well
assured that the "object lessons' giVen will be of value
to the communities through which the road passes,^
and may lead to extensive highway improvements that
will materially benefit the nation at large.
The undertaking of these various works on the part
of railroads, will* of course be received with no little
gratification. Their good effects will eventually reach
us. The Southern Pacific has 'already begun improv
ing its stations through the State, and perhaps it will
ere long, occur to the officials That it is high time to,,
give San Francisco, a passenger depot worthy of the
travel that passes through it. ¦
RAILROAD ; OB JEGT'. LESSON.
T VER*5ince' Senator Lodge made at the 'opening
"^ qJ the -.Buffalo Exposition his much discussed
j ¦•— ' "speech of warning to _. Europe, to keep out of
South. America, "accompanied by an ' intimation ! that
we may yet liave to go to war to maintain the Monroe
doctrine, there has beer, a great deal of speculation
as to what power he looks upon as a probable antago
nist. In the absence of "any explanation from the'
Senator himself," which is not to be' expected, public
opinion has come to the conclusion that he. meant
Germany. The reasons for the conclusion are that the
Germans have. extensive interests in Brazil and other
South -American countries, are known to be desirous •
of obtaining colonies, and an empire, and are sup-
Rosed to be antagonistic to the United States.
Such antagonism as exists is nothing more than the
outcome of the opposition of German -farmers to the
importation of American, farm products.. It is a com-,
merciar rivalry, merely and is not directed toward the
United States any moire i than toward Russia, Argen
tine,^Austplia;or*any other grain and meat producing
.country. > If; it* have >been expressed- more loudly,
against;us than' against the -others, the explanation
will be found in the'fact that our competition *s the
more extensive and the more feared.
There is apparently no reason, for believing the.
Germans -have ..any, intention of violating the Mon
roe doctrine or of forcing us to go to war to defend
it. Referring to statements that the Germain.Govern
ment is trying to obtain coaling stations" in this
hemisphere the ! Cologne Gazette recently .said: "A
naval or coaling station could be of 'value only if it
furnished a base for. our fleet. ' Americans might
kindly consider how great the naval force is that we
maintain in these waters. -As a rule it consists of one, s
or: at most two, little cruisers, and now and again a
training or cadet ship strays into this part ¦ of ¦ the <
world. Why, then, should we, for such a small num
ber of ships, desire to; acquire a coaling station? The
cost of administration would swallow up more than
any possible profit in coal, and. a naval station, with
arsenals, docks, etc., would be a still worse' invest
ment. Such an installation would be unproductive and
impractical in the highest degree, and if. the United
States should ask us in the most' friendly fashion to
take possession of such an island we would decline
such, a gift with thanks." ... ¦
While the German press disclaims any desire * for
coaling stations, or any intentions of aggression in this
hemisphere, the representatives of South American
countries just as emphatically disclaim any fear, on
their part that such aggressions might be- committed.
Thus Baron Rio Branco of Brazil is quoted as saying:
"While the Germans in the three southern provinces,'
Rio Grande do Sul, Santa Catherina and Parana, are
numerous and exert a certain influence, the Brazilian
population is in the majority and Brazilian political
influence is dominant. The Hanseatic colonization,
company, which alone systematically encourages Ger-~
man immigration to the extensive lands it has-ac
quired, cannot find Germans .to settle there, and has
been forced to send for Swiss, Austrians, Russians
and even Boers. The talk about German designs upon
Brazil is the merest twaddle."
It may be taken, then, as well settled that there is
no antagonism between Germany and America over
the- Monroe doctrine or anything else. The next time
Senator Lodge makes a speech of that kind. he should
either be' more careful of what he says or more spe
cific as to his charges.
UNITED STATES AND GERMANY.'
education so as to make their advantages
more freely accessible to poor students at.
the ; colored race." That time has not
come/. In their poverty, the Southern
State have . done most liberally. The
country ¦ needs to realize that public
schools; State organized. State supported.
State controlled, free from partisanship
and sectarianism, are the only agency for
giving 1 general education to all the people.
THE S^N FR^XCI^OgcALL; SATURDAY, miJNE^ 15, 1901;
When Carnegie is not scattering millions o'er a
grinning land he amuses ; himself, by- •prophesying 1
about the future, so that almost every day have
to stop and ask; What 1 is he giving us?- ; «
. Now that Dowie has publicly ;claimed to be Elijah,
come again, it might bewellto put.him to*the^test
by asking him to. take to the : wilderness for a" while
[ and let the ravens feed him. . * '••.-•
v ¦- ¦-. ¦• : •••-..'.¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ,
6
Special i information supplied ' daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
1 - : ; ', — .¦ :
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hot«l*
Cal. glace fruit EOc per 1b at Towns«nd'«.«
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWS FOR THE SUMMER.
Cmll unbierlber* contemplatlBe » change •t
Koldeuee during the inmoter months caa Iwt*
tkelr paper forwarded by mall to their new
•Adreasea br notlfj-lnsr The Call Bmlneii Office.
Tfc»« psficr will also be on sale at all •ainmer
••*«"¦*¦ •¦* *¦ represented by a. local agent la
•11 town a «u the coast.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. M. Scott & Co.— This day, at 11 o'clock. Horses,, at
£5 Dore street, • . .
By G H- Cmbsen & Co.— Monday, 'June '24, at 12 o' clocks-
Choice Property, at 14 Montgomery street.
Alcazar — "For- Bonnie Prince Charlie/' -" '• ;;V.
Grand Opera-house— "The Empress "Theodora:"
California— "A Parisian Romance."
Central— "Jim the Westerner." " . .
TlvoH— "The Toy Maker."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Darcy of the Guards." ¦'
Olympia, corner Maeon and Eddy, streets— Specialties. ;
Chutes, Zoo and Theater^ — VaudevlSe every afternoon and
ereninr. ..i •
Fischer' 8— VaudevlUe.
Recreation Park— Bajtebali.
Sutro' Baths — Swimming. ¦ . . ¦ ¦ ¦' ' . *
Excursion to Los Gatos — Monday.
Emeryville . Racetrack— Races to-day.
AMUSEMENTS.
who take.Dr..SIejerVi Anjjostnra Bit-
ters In the fall save money on doctors'bllls dur-
ing the winter. The «reat SouthAmerican Uu,
The steamship Australia, sailing June 28, for
Tahiti. , will call at Nouka Hlva, Marquesas
Islands, both ways. The trip Is only nine days
from San" Francisco. This special voyage c.'-
fera an unusual opportunity '.to visit these
beautiful islands, t About a week's* stop will
be made » in Tahiti, where one of the most
unique nativa ; festivities takes place July ' 14.
lasting three day*.. ; t
¦ Illustrated ," pamphlet and programme of
events free at ' 643 Market street.
Tahiti and Marquesas Islands.
. Russia's Czarina has organized an as-
sociation of Russian women in reduced
circums»inces, who are almost constantly
employ^ for embroidery for ecclesiastical
purposes or forecourt dresses. - jStudents to Eeplace Strikers.
restaurant- on Sacramento street, near
East, waa arrested yesterday on com
plaint . of the . secretary of tho Walters*
union on ¦ a charge . of battery. He has
been in the habit of throwing water upon
the striking waiters who walk In front of
his place, and Thursday night he drenched
them to the' skin. The complaint was
sworn to before Judge Mogan.
Liberal Party Suffers Defeat.
AMSTERDAM. June 14.— Th© elections
for the second chamber of the States Gen
eral have resulted In ] a defeat - for the
Liberal party. • *-•...
chanlcal engineering students of the Uni
versity of Michigan, a number of whom
have signified their Intention of putting
In the summer in this way. Two Juniors
have already gone into the employ of tho
Old Motor Works of Detroit and three
others, undergraduates, have signified
their Intention of so doinsr. i > - ' ¦-
Captain Seymour announced yesterdav
that the Police Department has dropped
the matter and will not give it further
attention unless called upon again to as
sist the army officials.
Lippman Abrams, charged with unlaw
fully having Government supplies in his
possession, was released from custody
yesterday by United States Court Com
missioner Heacock on giving bonds in the
sum of $5000. with M. Abraham, merchant
tailor of 320 Montgomery avenue, and S.
Axelrod, a merchant of Vacavllle. as
sureties. The preliminary examination
was set for June 18, at 2 p. m.
Nothing new developed in the case yes
terday. Detective Harry Reynolds having
been unable, even with the assistance of
the yellow journal, in digging up any
more Government property to swell the
total value beyond $400.
Stolen Army Supplies and
Abandon Search.
Police Are Unable to Find Any More
LIPPMA2J" ABRAMS IS
RELEASED ON BALL
THE LATE F. P. BANDHOLT,
GRAND ORGANIZER OF THE
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Mrs. Wilson recently told the girl that
she was of age and has tried to force
li-rr to enter a disreputable house. She
re-fused and applied to Secretary White
fnr aid. The matter will be adjusted in
the courts and the girl will be placed in
e<^me institution.
The girl Mabel, •whose age is unknown,
but who appears to be about 16. ¦was a
ward of the charitable society in years
past.
It is alleged that Mrs. Wilson, who has
also been known by the names of Groom
and "Woods, has made a practice of ac
cepting infant female children on payment
of a satisfactory sum and rearing them
to lead immoral lives.
Mabel Wilson of 13S "West Mission street
has been turned out of her home by Mrs.
1-a.ura TVIIson, her foster-mother, and an
Investigation' of the circumstances con
ducted by the officers of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children has
brought to light a very peculiar state of
affairs which exists in that family.
Society Leads to Discovery of
Disgraceful Practice.
Mabel Wilson's Appeal to Charitable
Blacksmith m Herold Missing-.
Mrs. Herold called at the Coroner's of
fice yesterday and reported that her son
fharles. who conducted a blacksmith shop
p.t the intersection of the San Bruno road
and Army street, had been missing since
the "th of this month.
POSTER MOTHER TURNS
CHU/D OUT OF DOORS
As soon as new* of his death reached
this city Grand Dictator P. L. Archibald
r.nd Grand Vice Dictator Charles H. Hol
comb visited San Jose and did what could
be done on behalf of the order to assist
xht relatives. On Thursday afternoon the
JTnains were placed on a train for Los
Argeies. the former home of the deceased.
»!ier* the funeral will take place to-mor
row under the auspices of the Knights of
Iloror cf that city.
¦¦f"^ Y the recent death in San Jose
after a brief illness of Frederick
P. Bandholt, grand organizer for
. Y~JJ the California Jurisdiction of the
Knights of Honor, that order has
lost a most highly esteemed member. He
•was. considered one of the most energetic
f.nd successful organizers of the order in
the United States and had a multitude of
tritnds in all parts of the State, particu
larly in Los Angeles, San Diego, Fresno,
Merced ar.d San Jose. He was but 30
years; of age. A widow, mother, sister
and brother survive him.
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday held Charles , Kewitz to
answer before the Federal Grand Jury on
a charge of having in his possession a die
for counterfeiting silver dollars.
The Santa Fe Is now carrying passen
gers via new stage lino . from Merced.
Starting Mondays and Thursdays, 9 a. m
on California limited, other days 7-20
a. m. train, and you are at the Sentinel Ho
tel next afternoon, passing Merced Bie
Trees, Buena ! Vista, the Cascades and
Bridal Veil Falls en route. •
Ask about it at 641 Market street. * •'
Kewitz Held to Answer.
Yosemite Valley via Santa Fe.
The Past Grands' Association of- the
Independent Order of Odd Fellows, re
cently organized, discussed at a meeting
last night a number of matters relating
to the future of tthe organization. After
the routine work .the members were en •
tertalned with specialties by Eva and B.
H. Lenier, Miss Mamie Lenier, Isadore
Cohen, Mark Hanna and J. B. Jewell:
Past Noble. Grands.
Radical Time Changes, Coast Division
of Southern. Pacific.
Beginning Sunday, the 16th, morning
train for Santa Barbara,' Santa Cruz, Del
Monte, Monterey, leaves 8 a. m. instead of
9 a. m. Afternoon train from these points
arrives 7:30 p. m. instead of 4:10 p. m. .
D0NT GET LEFT.
Dr. James "W. Hammond of Byron, ac
companied by his wife, has been on a
short visit to this city. •
Dr. J. Henry Barbat Is expected home
Sunday, the 16th, from St. Paul, where
he has been attending the American Medi
cal Association. ...
Miss N. McCabe. Miss Regina M. Hef
fernan and Frank Heffernan have left for
an extended tour of the South. • . .
"The Mendotas" will give Its fifth as
sembly on Wednesday evening, June. 19, In
Mission Opera Hall.
George W. Elder and family and F.
Wichman and family are spending the
summer at Fern Dell Cottage, Eastland,
Mill Valley.
In honor of the marriage of their
daughter Mr. and Mrs. Monasch gave a
dinner on Sunday last to the inmates of
the Hebrew Home for Aged Disabled.
A great number of the friends of the
Hebrew Home for Aged Disabled at 507
Lombard street met on Wednesday last
to celebrate the seventieth anniversary of
Mra. L. Brenner. A luncheon was pro
vided by her for the "old folks," who
were likewise entertained with vocal arid
instrumental music. The graphophone
was a pleasing: feature of the affair.
The next swim will be held June 24.
Mrs. W. Thomas, Miss Minnie Sproul, Miss
Margaret Thomas, Miss Chrlstene Jorgensen.
Miss Laura Cantus. Fred Blakeslee, Harry
Cove. F"red Unvfred, Dr. Easson. Mrs. Myron,
Mr. Clinton.
At the last regrular swim of the Liberty
Swimming Club, held June 11 at the Lur
line, the following were present:
Cards have been issued for the wedding
of John N. Sresovich and Miss Ina Da
Yalle, which takes place at St. Francis
Church on June 19. The youns man is
the nephew of I* G. Sresovich, the well
known commission merchant, and Miss
Da Valle Is the daughter of Vincent Da
Valle, proprietor of the Tuscoma Hotel.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Superintendent of Schools Webster sub
mitted yesterday to the Board of Educa
tion the report on the school census Just
completed by Chief Census Clerk John
Elbert. The total number of children be
tween 5 and 17 years is placed at 82,173, an
increase over last year of 3619, which
Insures an addition of $30,000 to the State
apportionment for this city.
The Superintendent estimates the total
population at 354,500. The total number of
children who attended no school during
the past year was 20,634. The following
statement shows the school census as
compared with the corresponding report
for the year ending June 30, 1900:
Number of white children between E and 17
years of are-
Boys 40,279
Girls 39,615
Total 79,894
School census, 1900 :... 76,232
Increase 3,662
Number of negro children between 5 and 17
years of age —
Boys 144
Girls 104
Total 248
1900 275
Decrease : ' 27
Native-born Mongolians between 5 and 17
years of age —
Boys '. 1,193
Girls 838
Total 2,031
1900 2.047
Decrease 16
Total number of census children between
5 and 17 years of age 82,173
1900 7S.554
Increase .' 3,619
Number of children under 6 years of age-
White 22,736
Negro 68
Mongolian 535
Total \ 23,339
1300 23,468
Decrease " 129
Number of children between 5 and 17 years
of age who have attend public schools at I
any time during the school year 50,953
1900 50,587
Increase • 366
Number of children between 5 and 17 years
of age who have attended private schools,
but no public schools, at any time dur
ing the year 10.586
1300 9.311
Increase 1,275
Number of children between 5 and 17 years
of age who have not attended school at
any time during the school year 20,634
1900 ' 18,656
Increape ." 1,978
Nativity of children —
Native born 103,264
Foreign born 2.248
Total 105.512
1900 102. 022
Increase 3,490
Total increase of children under 17 years
of age 3,490
Table Showing Returns of
Two Years Filed by
Superintendent.
State Apportion
ment.
, #
Increase Insures Higher
SCHOOL CENSUS
IS COMPLETED
Charles Plummer fell from his bicycle
while trying to dodge between a passing
oar and a buggy at the crossing of Fourth
and Folsom streets yesterday. An exam
ination of .his injuries at the Emergency
Hospital by Dr. McElroy revealed a bad
fracture of the left hip bone, which may
leave him a cripple for life. Plummer lives
with his parents at 914 Larkin street.
Hip Fractured in Fall.
Exercises to , Be Held at the Chutes
in Afternoon, With Fireworks
1 at Night.. : '
' The French residents of this city have
already commenced preparations 'for
fittingly" ' celebrating the fall of the Bas
tile on the 14th of. July. The committee
which has charge of , the arrangements
held a preliminary meeting last night in
the office of the ; French Mutual Benevo
lent Society. It was decided to hold lit
erary exercises at the Chutes in the af
ternoon of the. 14th and fireworks in the
evening. Ther«3 will be orations both in
French and English, and everything pos
sible will be done to make the celebra
tion commensurate with- the importance
of the day.' • ' _ '
The French Consul General, Henry Dal
lemagne, has been selected to act as hon
orary president of the occasion. The com
mittee which has charge of • the" arrange
ments consists of the following: J. S.
Godeau, president; J. M. Dupas, first vice
president: V. Gardet. second vice 'presi
dent: A. B. Rlchet, secretary; P. A. Ber
gerot. treasurer; C. L. P.- Marais. O. : Bn
zio A. Vorde, J. Cuerni.-P. St. Julln, J.
Duchene, E. Giraud, C. Salanne, P. Ber
ges R Aquirre. R. Chartrey, J. Bous
que't, P. Blgue^ E. Mepret. R. Mlstron, J.
Mesplon, • R. E. Estarzian. A. Salva, P.-
Guillaumier, P. Vergez.and Emlle La
coste. •'¦•*:',."'
FALL OF THE BASTILE
WILL BE CELEBRATED
Journeymen Butchers Demand the
Discharge of Non-Union
Men.
SACRAMENTO, June 14.— The Journey
men butchers of Sacramento have served
written notice upon the employing butch
ers of this city that on and after July 1
they will not work with non-union men,
and that the - employing butchers must
discharge such non-union men and em
ploy union men in! their places.
Last night the employing butchers met
and considered the demand. Their policy
will probably be to await developments.
Should one of their number be boycotted,
however, it is declared that ,they will
make common cause against the journey
men waging it. "While they do not say
so, it is believed to be the intention i of
the' employing butchers to await devel
opments .in the San Francisco situation
before taking action. The union men say
that they, will do nothing with respect to
requiring union cards to be posted In tiie
shopr. until their present demand is acted
upon. . '.vi.Vlfe?:*?
ULTIMATUM IN SACRAMENTO.
ALTHOUGH the press committee
of the striking journeymen butch
ers takes a_ hopeful view of the
situation, yeCit was admitted by
them yesterday that the action
alleged to have been taken by the whole
sale butchers regarding union cards had
slightly disturbed the programme. It was
said that an ultimatum had been issued
by the wholesalers that every union card
would have to be taken down at a certain
hour. The penalty for failure to comply
would be the shutting "oir of meat. In'ad
dition to this it was announced that even
after the card had been removed, it might
in some instances be sixty days before a
new supply could be had.
The journeymen butchers left their hall
shortly after noon and proceeded to
Butchertown, where the streets in the im
mediate vicinity of the slaughter houses
were paraded. A number of the places
were running,, some of the wholesale
butchers having secured crews, and in
other places the proprietors and butchers
from neighboring towns made up the
force. The usual demonstrations of dis
approval were made in front of these
places.
On the return of the strikers to the city
a delegation of the retail butchers, who
had been notified, went into an executive
conference with the strike committee to
consider the -ultimatum regarding - the
cards and remained in session until a late
hour. .
According to the press representative of
the striking butchers when the demands
were first formulated they were sent to
a committee of the retailers and a number
of changes were suggested. A conference
was called and the cttanges accepted. In
the matter of the union card its display
was left optional. It was found a greo't
advantage to the butcher shops in the
laboring districts, and butchers who re
fused to display the card complained.
These complaints were brought to the at
tention of the conference committees, and
it was decided thatt unless the card was
displayed in every shop the men would
walk out. There are about 288 shops in ihe
city, and about half of them were affected
by this additional requirement.
No Scarcity of Help.
According to the leading retailers there
is no scarcity of help, many of the men
returning to work at the places they left
on Monday.
"There is no scarcity of help," said Mr.
Hammond of the Spreckels market. "I
will take a contract to supply forty mem
bers of the -union ready to go back at
once. My old men are asking to be taken
back, and I have not a union card in my
safe or under my counter or any place
else around the premises."
The pickets who were sent out yester
day were not as numerous as they were
the day before, .nor were as many men
in attendance at the meetings. The police
officers who were on duty in boycotted
places had nothing to do.
It was officially announced at the head
quarters of the Journeymen Butchers'
Union last night after a meeting of the
executive committee, which went into
session late in the afternoon, that the no
tification from the wholesale butchers ad
dressed to all dealers. having union cards
would go into effect this morning at 10
o'clock'. It was claimed that this would
not have any effect on the men that
were out. as the butchers thus deprived
would get meat anyhow.
Exchanging With Oakland.
It was announced that large quantities
of beef were being shipped from this city
to Oakland to supply the union shops
there and that Oakland was reciprocating
by sending mutton here. It was also
claimed that this supply could be indefi
nitely continued.
"Not a slaushter-house Is running in
Butchertown." raid the spokesman for
the striking butchers, "with anything like
a full crew. Salesmen, wagon drivers
and proprietors and their relatives are
working, but as they «Io not belong to
any union we cannot call them out. There
is not a hog or sheep butcher^ at work.
The refrigerators are full of meat, but
that was killed before the strike took ef
fect. The statement that these slaughter
houses are running Is false and mali
cious."
While this was the official statement,
some men around the headquarters were
loud in declaring their intention of going
to work at once. Their individual utter
ances differed greatly from those made
by the executive committee.
It was denied that any union shops had
returned their cards, although a list of
four firms which had already been refused
meat was posted. The union slaughter
house will endeavor to supply them. Most
of these shops are located in the southern
part of the city. .
a " T THE. meeting of :the San Fran-
J\ Cisco Labor Council last night it
A>\ was reported by the Iron Trades
A Y\. Council that word had been re
ceived from a certain shop em
ploying forty men that the shop would be
unionized to-day. President McCabe said
the message ¦ announcing this change of
base on the part of the firm was a verbal
one, and that the name of the firm would
not be announced until the unioi agree
ment had been signed.
Delegate Dijeau, business agent of the
Milk Drivers' Union, reported that at
tempts had been made to form a com
bination against the dairies and their
drivers. who were supplying union houses,
but the plan was frustrated.
Delegate Harris of the Metal Polishers'
Union created quite a stir by saying when
the demand for. eight hours was. granted
them the Labor Council demanded ¦- the
display of the union card, and then the
men went, on strike, and had been losing
wages ever since and he was getting tired
of it.
' A dispute arose over the question of the
action of the musicians employed in non
union restaurants, and as the representa
tives of the Butchers* Union appeared the
Council went into executive session. In
order that the situation might be pri
vately discussed, a guard was placed at
the outer " door, and all outsiders were
kept at a distance. ;
In Executive Session. .
All the phases of the labor situation
were ¦ discussed for over an hour, . but no
definite action further than referring the
matter of strike to the executive . com
mittee was taken. - :. : .
The Porters' and Packers' reported that
their recently adopted schedule had been
presented to their employers, July 1 being
selected as the date for its inception. -
At the request of the representatives
of the Teamsters' Union .an intention to
declare a boycott against the Morton
Special Delivery Company was carried.
According to the statements made by the
teamsters' representatives, as soon as one
of the emplojes of this company joins the
union his place "is instantly tilled by a
non-union . man. Representatives of the
Labor Council called upon the managers
of the company, but were not granted a
hearing. Final action will not be taken
until next Friday night. — - - •
Delegates from the newly organized
union of drivers of steam laundry, work
ers were admitted.
Music • in Restaurants.
In the restaurants employing orchestras
the men have been notified that if the
Musicians' Union insists upon their re
fusing to play in "certain unfair houses,
they must leave their jobs. The principal
places affected are Zlnkand's and the
Louvre. At the former place Fred Zln
kand in response to a question said:
"Our men will work righ^ along. Their
week is up on Wednesday night, and I
am sure they will not leave us."
Mr. Zinkand declined to say whether
the men had been notified to leave the
union or lose their positions, as his father
was away and had conducted the nego
tiations.
The Labor Day celebration committee
of the Building Trades Council held ¦ an
enthusiastic meeting at the Turk -street
Temple. Reports were received from
members of the Building Trades in Oak
land, Sacramento, San Jose and Stockton
promising large delegations. The exer
cise and games will be held at Shell
Mound- Park. Over 700 prizes have already
been secured. Several labor spellbinders
have been communicated with and it Is
expected that there will be many favor
able responses.
STRIKERS IN" POLICE COURT.
Judge Mogan Has to Adjudicate in
Three Cases of Battery.
Strikers and non-strikers were In evi
dence in 'Judge Mogan's court yesterday.
George Blessing, -a driver for the Vienna
bakery, on Larkin street, ; was charged
with battery upon Frank ' Bingham, a
striking baker. Bingham was walking In
front of the bakery Thursday calling it
an unfair houso when Blessing objected
to the remark and struck Bingham.
After hearing the evidence the Judge dis
missed the case.
Barkel Galibut and Peter Nickle. strik
ing bakers, were charged with disturbing
the peace in front of a French bakery on
Montgomery avenue, between Broadway
and Vallejo street, at 3 o'clock in the
morning, and striking one of the bakers.
Nickle failed to appear and his bail was
declared forfeited. Galibut's case was
continued till Tuesday.
E. J. Gudely, proprietor of a bakery and
Notify All Tradesmen That Non-Gompliance
Means Stoppage of Meat and Other Pen
alties, Four Shops Now Being Barred
REMOVE UNION CARDS, ULTIMATUM
OF THE WHOLESALE BUTCHERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, BATUKDAr, U UJN1S . 15, 1901.
Frederick P. Bandholt, Well Known Through
out the State, Dies in' San Jose After a
Brief Illness — Funeral in Los Angeles
GRAND ORGANIZER OF KNIGHTS
OF HONOR SUMMONED BY DEATH
ANN, ARBOR.: Mich.." June . 14.— The
ranks of striking: machinists - In I>etroJt
and Chicago .will be partially filled by me-
'/
7
ADVEBTISE2IENTS.
HUNGARIAN SOCIETY PICNIC— The Hun-
garian Mutual Aid Society will hold Its annual
picnic at Fairfax Park on Sunday, June 16.
Many special features will be introduced to
make the occasion an enjoyable one.
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a .soap with no /free, al?
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores ' sell It, especially
druggists s l&i-SGrts of people use it.
VADDEYILLE'S BIGB-WATER MARK.
MATINEE TO-DAT.. SAT.. JUNE 15.
Parquet. 25c, any seat; Balcony,' 10; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
EZRA KENDALL.
GARDNER AND MADDER2J. DOHERTT
SISTERS. THE TOBINS; SPENSER KEL-
LY. HINES AND REMINGTON. FLOR-
ENCE BINDLEY, FLATT AND -SUTHER-
LAND. ...
THE BIOGRAPH.
MATINEE TO-DAY. ;
. —And — -.
THIS EVENING
GOOD-BY PERFORMANCES
Of the Favorites,
MR. JAMES NEILL
And the NEILL Company,
Presenting
A PARISIAN
ROMANCE.
EVENING ; -25c. S5c, 80c, We. $1
flYHBATRrrAi
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
I^ST MATINEE TO-DAT.
Florence Roberts
Supported .by "White Whlttlesey. In Julia
• Marlowe's Success,
For Bonnie Prince Charlie.
. Orchestra. . first 6 rows. 73c: -V
"~ Next .Week— FLORENCE ROBERTS as
COUNTESS VALESKA.
i ¦*?¦ matcariuu.%
MATINJEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
,.;—. (SUNDAY). . . . : • : . ; . i
To-Nlght and Sunday evening— Last times.
' . The Fascinating- Melodrama, "
JPITBE 'WESTERNER.
no if cc Evenings ...10c, 15c/ 25c. 33c. 60c
IfllVLJ Matinees....:.........; 10c. 15c. 25c
NEXT MONDAY— IT IS TO LAUGH." -
. : NELLIE McHENRY'S
. Great Farce" Comedy Success, -
A NIGHT AT THE CIRCUS
- . . • Tou'll Shout, Scream, and - Roar. •
RACING I RACING l T -'' RACING I
SPRING MEETING-k)penlng - April 2».
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLU3.
OAKLAND RACETRACK..
Racing Monday, Tuesday, . Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. ¦ Rain or ahine.
Five or more races each day. "
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 ra. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains . stopping - at . the entrance to tha
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu«
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect • with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These elect rlo
cars ko direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p.m. and Immediately after the last race.
' ¦ THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B..MILROY.' Secretary. - .
BASEBALL.
SACRAMENTO Vs. OAKLAND.
TO-DAY AT 3:15 P. Ml
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
HECHE A TIQN \ PAHKj
;?¦'•«.' Eighth and .- Harrison . streets.
FT^CHFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
riDUniin D-~,. Admission lOc.
,; CHARITY MARTIN. G. S/ Wanrell. Matlldlta
and Ballet. Katherlne Krleg and Minnie Huff.
Carrol, Gravllle and Graham and Sam Hold-
worth. - - ¦• . : • .¦... .', , . .
/ ¦'" Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday. * Vj
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS, M
;>: & GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best N ATU RAL Alkaline Water.
¦ Baldness Is caused by dandruff, which Is
caused by. a germ. Kill the perm anil
there Is almost certainty that hair, will
grow asrain, if the follicle has not been
totally destroyed. Nels Peterson of Lime
Spur, Mont., says:' "I have been bald eIx
years, and had tried, all kinds of 'cures,'
but without any benefit whatever, until
I tried Herpicide. November 16, 1899, I be-
gan using Herpicide, and in three months
a fine growth of .hair covered my head
completely.". Ask your druggist for Herp-
icide. Everybody can - have luxuriant,
glossy hair if Herpicide is used thorough-
ly. Take no substitute. . ;
Treatment Restored His Hair.
Three Months of the New Scientific
WAS BAX1> SIX YEARS.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
LEAGUE OF CROSS ENTERTAINMENT.—
Company D, League of the Cross, .will give a
pleasing entertainment at Native Sons'. Hall
Friday evening, June 21. An amusing farce
entitled* "The - Graduating Exercises of - the
Hayes ; Valley High School'.' and a sketch -' by
GUson and , McCormlck • will be given, . which
will be followed by danclns.
mmmgi^ same shape m
fflgV TWO QUALITIES JW
ntjnNni -
ODD NOOKS IN EUROPE THE BORDER BANDITS.
LIFE ON A MODERN ARK. STORIES OF INTEREST.
THE HOUSE BEAUTIFUL
BY KATE GREENLEAF LOCKE.
Beginning ol a series d articles, by America's most expert writer, on the
£vb]ect ol how to furnish end decorate a hows artistically. Every hooss-
Keepcr, yovng or old, will bz interested in these articles.
* , MJ ..
\ TAII / II
v.VLALL/
Most Famous The Diplomatic Will an American
Chinese Woman in Corps Girl Become :
America. At Washington. Queen of • Italy ?
MPTRKKT 1tM «T THI PIIOCTW A WIM CO. CINCIIUttn
AS TO GLOTfflNG
ipSSSlHERE is an epitaph in a Vermont church-
ffl $| yard: '* I expected this but not so soon/'
Hi gg Such is the epitaph on clothing worn out
Fyyiffifrrl in the wash-tub. Underclothing may be
fragile, yet it ought not to wear out in ten weeks.
Burthis isn't wear; it is decay. You buy 5 cents
worth of cheap soap and you lose the. equivalent of
1 50 cents in the wash-tub. Ivory Soap will not harm
the most delicate fabric Is it wise not to use it?;
IVORY SOAP IS 99«>£. PER CENT. PURE.
f*f\l I III D I A ai ra^sco'i
UULU BliPl M LEADING THEATRE
MATTNEE TO-DAY!
EVERT NIGHT (EXCEPT StJNDAT).
HENRYffllLLER
And a : Strong Supporting Cast In ths New
Romantic Play,
DARCY OF THE GUARDS.
A Story of 1777 by Louis Evan Shlptnan.
Next "Week — Farewell Performances
Henry Miller Season:
First S Nights and Wednesday Matinee......
"Daxcy of the Guards'*
Wednesday N!*ht
"The Importance of Being Earnest"
Remainder of Week
..Last Times Here of "Heartsease"
*TIVPL1*
"NEXT WEEK THE I-AST— DON'T MISS IT"
EVENINGS AT S.
BRING THE CHIU3REX.
ANOTHER TOY SOUVENIR MATINEE
. en SATURDAY, June 15th. -r
THE
TOY MAKER !
JUNE 24th— "BABES IN THE "WOODS." .
POPULAR PRICES ..23c and Wo
¦ Telephone— Bash 9.
MOROCCO'S
GRAND OPERA HOUSC -
MATINEES TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF • ¦ •
. "THE EMPRESS THEODORA."
COMMENCING MONDAT EVENING NEXT.
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
Supported by PXORENCE STONE. In
SARDOU'S STRONGEST PLAT.
" CUSMONTD A. . »
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. " \-~ :''J
A Souvenir' Photograph of MISS FLOR-
ENCE STONE will be -presented to every on*
attending the Saturday Matinee. ' -
Popular Prices— 10c 15c, 23c, 50c, 75e/ifv>;
Good Orchestra Seat all Matinees 2Sc
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
CHUTES and ZOO
Special To-Night.
BIG CAKEWALK!
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON,
PICKANINNY
•MATINEE.: gg
1 • • Telephone for Seat*— Park S.
PATRIOTIC EXCURSION.
1^ LOS GATOS.
BUNKER HILL ASSOCIATION. PIONZER3
.and SONS OF REVOLUTION.
MONDAT. JUNE 17. v
Train leaves Third and Townsend streets
9:15 a. m., stopping: at Valencia st.
Round Trip, 11; Children. 50c. For sale al
depot morning of excursion.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from Tt. m. tell p. m.
Bathing- from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. nv. .
ADMISSION 10c CHILDREN 5c
Bathing. Including admission. 23c: children. Me.
VISIT THE OREGON.
The launches C A. McNEILL, WM. : W. and
NELLIE will ran from Clay-st. float each day.
PALACE HOtELr
Visitors to San Prandsco whosiako
' their headquarters at these hotala <»-
Joy' comfort* aad conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere Desirable Iocs.
tlon, courteous attache* and un©q a «.le<!
cuisine. American *nd European plana.
*6RAND HOTEL-
A'MTTS7 3 fl4ENT8i
\j fiTif If^TfT^T >^L
ADyEBjnmmzNTs.TO SAIL
Daylight Train Between San Fran
cisco and Santa Barbara.
Southern Pacific daylight train dining
car service. Leave San Francisco 8 a. m.,
arrive Santa Barbara 9:25 p. m. Leave
Santa Barbara 6:15 a. m., arrive San
Francisco 7:30 p. m. Effective Sunday; the
16th inst. One of the most beautiful day
light trips in the world.
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.,-Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
June 14, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building 1 was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., retired, in charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
CHEAP RATE EXCURSIONS
TO THE PACIFIC COAST
One Fare for the Bound Trip Is An
< nounced by the Santa Fe
Company.
. TOPEKA', Kans., . June 14.— The Santa
Fe Railroad to-day ' announced that it
would inaugurate a number of cheap rate
excursions to the Pacific Coast this sum
mer in addition to the one already an
nounced to the Epworth League Conven
tion in July. A rate of one fare, plus $2,
for the round trip will be made for these
excursions, which will be run on the fol
lowing dates: June 18, July 2 and 6, Au
gust 2 and 20 and September 3 and 17.
These rates are good from Chicago, Mis
souri River points, Kansas and Colorado.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
1 Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
.thortty of the Superintendent.
NOTE-The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NWV YORK— Arrived June 14— Stmr St
Paul, from Southampton and Cherbourg: ; stmr
Augusts Victoria, from Hamburg, Southamp
ton, and Cherbourg. '
BROWHEAD— Passed June 13-Stmr Etru
rla, from New York, for Queenstown and Liv
erpool. .• . •
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed June 13— Stmr Co
lumbia, from Hambursr, for New York, via
Cherbourg.
LIVERPOOL-Salled June 13-Stmr Numl
dian, for. Montreal; stmr Taurlc. for New
York. .' ¦ . • . -
HAMBURG— Arrived June 14— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York, via Cherbourg.
Sailed June 12— Stmr Northman, for Chicago.
MANILA— Sailed June 8— Stmr Tyyra, for
Portland, Or.
ocean steamers:
FOREIGN PpRTS.
ANTWERP— Arrived June 12— Br ship County
of Roxburgh, from Oregon.-
Sailed June 12-Bark Kilmeny, for San Fran
cisco. » ; , ..
PANAMA— Arrived May 23— Br stmr Peru,
hence May 3.
HAMBURG— Sailed June 11— Ger ship Slam,
for Ban' Dleso. , ¦ -
PORT PIRIE— Sailed June 13^-Bark Abby
Palmer, - for Newcastle.
MAZATLAN— Sailed June 13— Stmr San Juan,
for San Francisco. .
ELEELE-Sailed June 4-Schr Columbia, for
San Francisco. -
KAANAPALI— Sailed May 17— Schr "W H
Talbot, for . . June 1— Schr Honolulu, for
HONOLULU-Arrived— Schr Golden Shore,
from Newcastle, Aus.
ISLAND PORTS.
NEAH BAY— Passed out June 14— Stmr Chaa
D Lane, with schr Vegra In. tow, from Seattle,
for Care Nome. .
EUREKA— Arrived June 14— Stmr San Pedro,
hence June 12; stmr Santa Barbara, hence
May 13.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed June 14-Stmr Coqullle
River, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived June 14— Stmr Columbia,
hence June 12.
Sailed June 14— Stmr Signal, for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 13— Stmr Washte
naw, hence June 9. June 14— Stmr Dolphin,
from Skasruay.
Sailed June 14— Stmr Lakme, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Coronado, for Grays Harbor.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 14— Br stmr
Alexander, for Petropaulovskl.
TACOMA— Sailed June 14— Stmr Lakme, for
San Francisco; schr Otella Pedersen, for Hilo
COOS BAY— Arrived June 13— Stmr Arcata,
hence June 10. -,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, June 14, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SVV, velocity 10 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Ma,y 29. lat £6 N, Ion 33 "W— Br ship Crown
of England, hence Feb 21, for Queenstown.
May 22, lat 5 N, Ion 28 W— Br bark Blalr
hoyle, from Oreeon, for Queenstown.
May 7, lat 27 N, Ion 43 W— Ger bark Schil
ler, from Hamburg:, for Santa Rosalia.
SPOKEN.
Per schr Ariel at Honolulu, from Newcas
tle, Aus-May 4, lat 28 S, Ion 153 52 W, eaw a
wooden ship, with loss of malnyards, lower
and upper gone, having main Bkysall yard and
wheel house, steering E by N.
MEMORANDUM.
LONDON, June 14-^Bktn James Tuft, from
Seattle, for Port Plrie, was spoken June 8, lat
37 s. Ion 152 E, with sundry losses and dam
ages sustained in heavy weather.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Friday, June 14.
Btmr Aberdeen, Jensen. Eureka.
Stmr North Fork, Kosen. Eureka.
8tmr Navarro. Jacobs, Bowens Landing 1 .
Stmr Gipsy, Leiantl, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttlefleld, Seattle.
Stmr Samoa, Hansen, Bowens Landing.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, Eureka.
U 8 stmr Wisconsin, Relter, Puiret Sound.
Nor «tmr Tellus, Pedersen, Chemalnus.
Ur stmr Gaelic, Finch, Hongkong, etc.
Ur stmr Strathnyle, Gordon, Chemalnus.
Ship Spartan, Polite, Seattle.
Br ship Ladakh, Hannah, Queenstown.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, Point Arena. '
Schr Newark. Cransle, . (
Schr Kona (new), Dinsmore, Grays Harbor.
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen, Iversens Landing.
SAILED.
Friday, June 14.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, Eureka; The Chas
Nelson Co.
Stmr Kayak, Morley, Lortn*; Alaska Pack
ers' Association.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Ooodall. l'erklns & Co. •
Stmr Coos Hay. Nopander, Son Diego; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Nor stmr TcIIub, Pederson, Chemalnus; R
Dunemulr's Sons Co.
Br stinr Gaelic. Finch, Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hongkong; O & O fS Co.
Ship Henri- Vlllard. Lewis. Honolulu, via
Seattle; Williams, Ulmonrt & Co.
Br shin Dynomcne, Snoddon, Queenstown; O
W McNear.
Bark Himalaya. Borrman. Adelaide; J J
Moore & Co.
Bktn Portland, Clark, 7 days from Tacoma.
. CLEARED. - .
No one uttered a sound as Baca was
led to the position allotted him beside
the wall. An officer loaded five of the
guns with blank cartridges and the cham
bers of five were loaded with cartridges
containing full charges of powder and
leud. While this operation was being per
formed Baca was bound hand and foot
and a heavy band was placed over his
eyes. ¦ He was stood up with his face to
the wall and his back to the troops. Then
the voice of tho officer rang out clear and
steady giving the command to fire. The
men fired as one and the body of the
Texan toppled over and lay upon the
ground, riddled by bullets.
The merchant was possessed of a j'oung
and comely wife, whose devotion to her
husband was such'that instead of seeking
safety in flight when the raiders appeared
she remained by his side and pleaded with
the brutes to stay their hands. After
they had apparently glutted their cruel
instincts on the husband they turned their
attention to the wife, whom they shame
fully mistreated.
Toward daybreak the men mounted
their horses and rode swiftly away to
ward the border, leaving the merchant
and his wife more dead than alive. Soon
after the occurrence the Mexican author
ities got on the trail of the raiders and
learned they had returned to Texas. The
United States officials were notified, and
a few months later Samuel Baca was ar
rested. He was tried before a Commis
sioner here and extradited on April 11 of
the present year. The Chihuahua courts
found him guilty and the higher court af
firmed the decision. Last Monday morn
ing at daybreak he was led from his cell
to the patio in the interior of the Chi
huahua prison. A squad of ten picked
men under command of a lieutenant had
already been drawn up .in line at a dis
tance of ten paces from one of the thick
walls.
Baca was an American citizen, born
and reared in Texas, and hls j stamping
ground when he reached the age of ma
turity was .the valley adjacent to Mar
fa, Tex. One night last August he and a
half-dozen friends made a raid across the
border into Mexico. Well armed and
mounted, they rode to the house of a
Mexican merchant and demanded his
money. The merchant had accumulated
considerable property and the members of
the gang were convinced that he had
money concealed on the premises. He re
fused to disclose the hiding place of the
treasure and was brutally tortured by the
gang. With the ferocity of fiends they
seared his flesh with hot irons and used
a keen-bladed knife to mutilate him. He
finally yielded and told where they would
find the money. They took possession of
it, but were not satisfied with the torture
already inflicted.
EL PASO, Tex., June 14.— Samuel Baca
has paid the penalty of his crimes with
his life. He was blindfolded and stood
up against a wall and shot to death by a
squad of Mexican soldiers. This was the
sentence of the tribunal at Chihuahua,
and it was put into effect at daybreak on
June 10. ' -
Special Dispatch to The Call. j
Firing Squad Sends Volley of
Lead Into Blindfolded ,
Prisoner.
Mexiqari Soldiers Put an
American Raider to
Death.
BULLETS AVENGE
CRIME OF BACA
SATURDAY, JUNE 15. -
Sun rises .....!......... .. . 4-47
Sun sets "."'Y-33
Moon rises 3:52 a. m..
FROM SEATTLE.
. NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
tho early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column- gives the last tide
of the ¦ day. except when there are but ; three
.tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States , Coast I Survey . charts, • except when I a
MILWAUKEE, June 14.-The Supreme
Lodge cf Knights of Honor to-day elected
tnese officers: Supreme dictator, D. S.
Biggs of Boston; supreme vice dictator,
J. C. Shf-ppard of Edgefield, S. C: su
preme assistant dictator. Clark H. John
son of Providence. B. L: supreme report
er. Xotih M. Biggs of Harrisonville, Mo.:
BCpreme treasurer, Joseph \V. Branch of
St. Louis; supreme chaplain, the Rev.
R«Viert M. Hope of Richmond. Va.; su
pr«-m<- puice. John H. Hancock of Louis
iill«'. Ky.: supreme guardian. William
Grocer of Indianapolis: supreme sentinel,
H. H. Collier of Memphis. Tenn.
Knights of Honor Elect Officers.
Another Overdue Ship Arrives.
The American ship Henry B. Hyde ar
rived from Baltimore Thursday night
after a long run, for her, of 153 days.
Soon after she passed Cape Henry last
January a partially dismantled American
ship was passed by a steamer bound for
New York, and when the Hyde did not
show up on her usual time her owners
thought she might have lost some of her
spars and was coming along under a jury
rig. The Hyde was In some very heavy
weather and lost nearly a suit of sails.
Besides she got no southeast trades, and
that fact was in a measure the cause of
the delay.
Captain McLeod reports, strong south
erly gales after passing Cape Henry and
poor northeast trades, and very poor
southeast trades to Cape St. John. After
doubling St. John a succession of terrific
gales were run into, during which sails
were torn from the bolt ropes and others
were split into tatters. The deck was
swept of everything movable, and several
of the crew were slightly hurt. After
rounding the Horn some more heavy
weather was met with, and then when the
southeast trade winds should have been
picked up nothing but southwest and
north breezes blew. The equator was
crossed on May 10 in longitude 119 degrees
37 minutes west. From that on there was
only the usual weather. A good north
erly breeze carried the Hyde to latitude
35 degrees 37 minutes north, longitude 140
degrees 10 minutes west, and then there
were four days of calms, succeeded by
seven days of strong east and east-south
east winds; thence to port strong north
and west winds. The Hyde brings 3655
tons of coal for John Rosenfeld's Sons.
Wisconsin's Final Speed Contest.
The battleship Wisconsin went outside
to have a five hours' continuous test yes
terday. It is now six months since the
Government accepted her, and this is the
final test called for by the contract.
Picked coal was put aboard yesterday.
During the run from Puget Sound the
warship got a splendid limbering up.
After passing out yesterday she was
headed up the coast and at once plunged
Into the northwester that has been blow
ing at the rate of from forty to sixty
miles an hour for. the past ten days.
Just when the Wisconsin will have her
five hours' trial is not known, but it will
probably be some time to-day, as she is
expected back in port to-morrow morn
ing.
The Oregon. Iowa and Philadelphia will
be open to the public this afternoon and
also to-morrow afternoon. Boats will run
from the landing at the foot of Folsom
street every, ten minutes, commencing at
1 p. m., each' day.
Captain Thomas of the Oregon received
a very handsome loving cup on behalf of
the ship last Thursday. It was sent by
Mrs. Percy T. Morgan, who when she was
Miss Daisy AInsworth of Portland chris
tened the great fighting machine. There
was no ceremony connected with the af
fair. The loving cup, accompanied by a.
note, was delivered at the shfp's side by
a messenger boy, and that was all there
was to it.
Salvors for Pyrenees "Wanted.
The owners of the British four-masted
steel bark Pyrenees want another attempt
made to get the" vessel out of the lagoon
at Manga Reva Island. It will be remem
bered that she left the coast with a cargo
of grain and was next heard of at Pit
calm with the cargo on nre. No means
of fighting the flames could be procured
from the Islanders, so the captain ran for
Manga Reva. On arriving on* the reef the
vessel was headed inshore, and after
striking hard once or twice brought up in
the lagoon, where she went ashore. The
fire burned Itself out and the crew aban
doned the wreck and went * to Tahiti,
where they took ship for San Francisco.
Soon after the arrival of Captain Bryce
the remains of the vessel were offered at
auction and were purchased by Eschen &
Minor of this city. The owners would not
confirm the sale and now want some one
to try and get the vessel off and bring her
to San Francisco. They want it done on
the "no cure, no pay" principle, however,
and are not likely to get many offers in
this city. The Pyrenees has to be landed
In San Francisco and then the salvor will
get a "good percentage" of the value of
the wreck. Should the attempt prove a
failure the salvor will have all his trouble
and expense for nothing.
Anchors Lost Off Alcatraz.
Incoming vessels are beginning to fight
THE Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company's Gaelic sailed for
the Orient promptly at 1 p. m.
yesterday. She took away a valu
able cargo and quite a number of
passengers. There was the usual crowd
down to see the liner away, among them
being Chinatown's "upper ten," who were
down to wish Mme. Wu, wife of Wu Ting
Fang, the Chinese Minister at Washing
ton, and sister of Consul General Ho
Yow, a pleasant voyage. The lady Is go
ing to visit her relatives in China and
will be gone about six months. The
Gaelic's cabin passengers were:
For Vokohama — Sydney Cavtll, M!*s A.
Cavlll. Theodore Eckhardt. Mrs. A. Fried.
Mlos Fried, S. Holdsworth. Lewis Jordan and
wife. Mi?s N. Jordan. Victor Marsh. S. Ohkl.
F. P. Purvis. Mrs. Franklin Rouem and daugh
ter. F. Seabury. F. Sturm. John Symonds and
wife. J. \V. Vincent
For Kobe — G. U. McCoy.
For Shanghai— Joseph Thebaud.
For Hongkong— A. 13. Bowers, F. T. Clark,
Hsu Chao. Mm.' Wu Ting Fan*. Paul Floer,
Mre. Irving Halfey, Arthur E. Maxill. Dr. D.
K. Melllss. A. Morse. Miss J. Morse, Fung
Wau Ping, Whitman Symmes.
To Join at Honolulu— R. K. Bonlne, Mrs. H.
W. Connor. E. Gushlm?. Miss M. E. Kock, O.
H. Mlllard and wife. Miss E. Mlllard. Miss L.
Miles. F. M. Steele and wife and Miss Eliza
beth Steele.
, < Friday, June 14. '
Bktn Northwest, "Wirschulelt, 12 day* from
Tacoma, via Flattery 6 days.
Stmr Westport, Erlckson, 19 hours from Bear
Harbor. , "¦ !"'.-. : . • * ,- f
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 18 -hours from Eureka.'
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall, S3 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 45 hours. . *,;• : # "
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, 7 days
from, Oyster ' Harbor. , '" T< - - . ;i .-
Br .' ehlp Lancing, Chapman, 68 ,day« from
Sydney. .¦ . i . • . .¦-¦<•*
Bark Levi Q Burgess, Tounggren, [ 7% days
from Tacoma. . "./:,•••.,..
Schr Lily, Bottgery. 8 days from Umpqua.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The Bteamer Gaelic sailed yesterday for
China and Japan with a general cargo valued
at $246,192, manifested as follows: For China,
$85,900; Japan, $110,252; 'Manila, $32,490; East
Indies. $4563; Korea. $1742; Vladivostok, $11245
The cargo included the following:
For China— 26S8 lbs chocolate, 10 cs cham
pagne, 2200 lbs butter, 893 cs canned goods 633
bales dry goods, 13.200 bbls flour, 48 pkgs lruit,
1552 pkgs groceries and provisions, 16 pkgs
machinery, 21 pkgs lamp goods,' "6000 lbs pearl
barley, 14 cs shoes, SO cs salmon, 19a cs, 5 bbls
whisky, 10 cs, B63 gals wine, 778 bbls wire
shorts. . .
For Japan— 20 cs alcohol, 169 crs bicycles, '2900
lbs butter, 1290 cs canned goods, 1300 bales
compressed cotton, 9 bales dry goods, 21 cs
drugs, 16 - pkgs electrical supplies, 676 . pkgs
groceries and provisions/ 1750 lbs ham and
bacon, 12 rolls leather, 4439 lbs lard, 7 , pkgs
lamp goods. 76 pkgs machinery, 1500 kegs nails,
60 bbls oak extract, 7 cs rubber goods, 14 303
lbs sugar, 28 cs table med, 81,875 lbs tan bark.
20 cs typewriters, 7 cs, 2100 gals wine.
For Manila— 17 crs bicycles and sundries, 464
cs bottles, 76 cs canned goods, 7 cs electrical
supplies, 8 pkgB groceries and provisions, 20 ca
hose, 3310 lbs lard, 3 pkgs machinery, 66 bdls,
2 cs paper, 30 'cs shoes, 25 cs salmon, 21 cs
typewriters, 2352 cs, 50 bbls whiaky, 145 cs
wine. i . ¦ ¦ . - - ;
For East Indies— 100 cb canned salmon, 623 cs
canned goods, 131 pkgs . groceries - and ; pro
visions, 4 cs phonograph supplies, 1 bale dry
goods. . • • ¦» , ,
For Korea — 9 pkgs furniture, 104 pkgs gro
cerles and provisions, 45 pkgs hardware and
machinery, 100 cs canned goods. ¦". - ' . -, ...
For Vladivostok— 60 cs phonograph supplies,
60 bales sheeting, 6 'pkgs notions, 2 pkgs ma
chinery, 84 pkgs agricultural implements.*
Departure of the Gaelic.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The northwester brought in quite a fleet
of Sound vessels yesterday. The Glory of
the Seas made the run from Oyster Har
bor, B. C, in 7 days; the Levi G. Burgess
from Tacoma in 7^ days, the barkentine
Portland from Seattle in 7 days and the
barkentine Northwest from Tacoma in 12
days, but her time from Flattery was only
6 davs.
The steamer Coos Bay will go out on
the Corona's run to-day, while the
Corona will take the Queen's place on
June 19. The Queen will sail for Alaska
via Seattle on June 24.
The schooner Ariel, at Honolulu June 1,
from Newcastle, Australia, reports pass
ing in latitude 28 degrees south, longitude
Io3 degrees 52 minutes west, a wooden
ship with her main, lower and upper
yards gone. She carried a main skysail
and was steering east by north.
The British ship Lancing arrived from
Sydney, N. S. W., yesterday, after a good
run of 59 days. She was 30 days to the
equator and 29 days to port.
Launches to the Oregon will run from
the foot of Vallejo, Clay, Mission and
tolsom streets to-day. No large steam
ers will be allowed alongside the battle
ship.
"Water Front ITotes.
The Joke Is on Captain Polite.
When the American ship Spartan came
in from Newcastle, N. S. W., last week
Captain Polite had to pay pilotage. When
she was ready to sail for the Sound
Thursday a pilot was ready to take him
out, but the captain got the better of him
by changing the shlp T s record at the Cus
tom-house. When the work was done
Polite remarked to the customs clerk that
he had no cigars with him, but if he
would come down to the Spartan he would
give him a few good Manilas. While un
der his British papers Captain Polite's
cigars— there were 2000 of them— were not
subject to duty, they being intended for
his own use. Directly he changed the rec
ord to escape pilotage, however, the Ma
nilas became subject to 60 per cent ad
valorem. The clerk who made the change
remarked to somebody in the Surveyor's
office that he was going to get some good
cigars off the Spartan. The good news
was told to others, and finally Deputy
Surveyor St. John heard of it. A few min
utes later a customs inspector was on his
way to the Spartan, and when Captain
Polite got there his cigars were on their
way to the Appraiser's store. For a few
minutes the joke was on the pilot, but
now that the cigars are gone Captain
Polite cannot see where the laugh
comes In.
Five hundred and fifty smuggled cigars
were seized yesterday in the carpenter
shop on board the steamer Columbia by
customs officials. Four hundred and fifty
cigars were obtained in the Spartan seiz
ure.
shy of the Alcatraz anchorage. Four of
them have lost anchors and chain there
during the last ten days, and perhaps
there will be as many more during the re
mainder of the month. On June 4 the
British ship Cardiganshire nearly went on
Alcatraz because her chain parted. On
June 7 tho barkentlne Newsboy lost her
anchor and chain in the same place and
then drifted down on the bark Martha
Davis. Thursday night the schooner
Rosamond camo in and tried to anchor in
the same place.. Soon after the chain part
ed and slxtv fathoms of it went down to
Join the anchor. Some dny next week
there will be a fleet of tuga off Alcatraz
grappling for lost anchors.
Captain Ward of the Rosamond reports
passing the bnrkentlne Addenda on June
12. The Addenda is from the Columbia
River for Callao. Her crew asked to be
reported "all well."
AMERICAN SHIP HENRY B. HYDE IN HEAVY WEATHER OFF THE FALKLAND ISLANDS, DURING A SUCCES
SION OF FIERCE GALES SHE LOST NEARLY A SUIT OF CANVAS AND HAD HER DECKS SWEPT OF
EVERYTHING MOVABLE.
Defense Asks for Acquittal.
At the afternoon session Attorney Near
lnc opened for the defense and demanded
acquittal. He declared that the State had
adduced nothing to prove their charge
that the Prince family had conspired to
kill Kennedy. The defendant, he said, had
chot him during a condition of hysteria
bordering on insanity, after he had ruined
her and after she had pleaded with him
In vain to live with h«?r. Mrs. Kennedy
sobbed audibly during Attorney hearing's
appeal.
Charles E. Burnham. assistant prosecut
ing attorney, followed for the State, de
crying the plea of insanity. He declared
that after the Princes had. at the point
of revolvers, tried to force monev from
Kennedy they hatched and helped Mr?.
Kennedy to carry out the murder that she
fir ally committed.
H. B. Kimbrell. also for the State, spoke
next. He told of Kennedy havine been
forced to marry the girl and then having
been shot down because he dared ask the
courts examine into his case.
"They knew.", said he, "that the out
rage that had been perpetrated would be
laid bare. They did not propose to let
Phil Kennedy go into court and tell his
story."
At this point Mrs. Kennedy, who had
been laying her head on the table,
straightened up and shrieked: "Oh,
mercy, man, oh, mercy!" The prisoner
leaned her head upon her father's shoul
der, her face contracted in pain.
KAICSAS CITY. June 14.— The argu
ments in the case of Mrs. Lulu Prince-
Kennedy, on trial" for the murder of her
husband, were concluded to-night and the
jury retired to deliberate upon a verdict.
The jurors bad not been able to agTee
up to 11 o'clock, and the court ordered
them locked up for the night.
When asked how she felt Mrs. Kennedy
Bald: "They gave me some kind of a pow
der a little while ago. I am going to be
brave as possible."
On the opposite side of the aisle from
the Prince family were grouped Captain
Thomas Kennedy, a pioneer citizen of
Kansas City, his young daughter. Thom
as Kennedy Jr., brother of the dead man,
and his wife. With the exception of the
first day of the trial, when the mother
and brother 1 of Philip Kennedy appeared
as witnesses, none of Kennedy's imme
diate relatives have be>en In the court
room before to-day. The dead man's
mother has been too ill to be present.
The day's session was opened by Prose
cutor Hadley reading the instructions to
the jury- The prosecutor read with al
most dramatic tffect and the jury paid
unusual attention.
When Mrs. Kennedy entered the court
room she appeared in better health and
epirits than on any day since the case
opened. She had dressed carefully for
the occasion and anv traces of a break
down that she displayed yesterday had
disappeared.
[ Prisoner Appears Unconcerned.
Every inch of Epace in the courtroom
was taken by spectators. Mrs. Kennedy
paid little attention to the many eyes di
rected toward her. but watched the Jury
Intently, scrutinizing closely the face of
each of the twelve men. Mrs. Kennedy
looked squarely at the prosecutor when
he read that part of the instructions re
ferring to murder in the first degree and
the attendant punishment of death, but
her face did not change expression. When
he came to the instruction for man
slaughter she dropped her head, but only
for a moment.
Frank G. Johnson, former City Police
Judge, then opened the argument for the
State. Johnson traced the killing of Ken
nedy by his -wife of a month, telling how
the had called him from his office' and
Phot liim down without a moment's warn
ing, then coolly submitting to arrest. At
tcrrey Johnson declared emphatically
that the father and brothers of the de
fendant had helped her plan Kennedy's
murder and had stationed themselves
about the scene before it occurred.
"1 say. gentlemen of the jury." conclud
ed he. "there is evidence sufficient to find
tMs defendant guilty of murder In the
lijst decree."
These last words, given in thundering
tones, had no effect upon Mrs. Kennedy
nr.d a moment later, when the court took
a recess until 1 o'clock, she went to her
cell laughing and chatting with the dep
uty who led her.
Prisoner Is Evidently
Hopeful of an Ac
quittal.
Appears Unconcerned When
Prosecutor Asks for
Conviction.
KENNEDY JURY
OUT FOR RIGHT
THE \ SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 15j 1901.
Mme. Wu Ting Fang, Wife of Chinese Minister at Wash
ington, Among the Passengers-r-She Will Visit in China
for About Six- Months— Overdue Ship H. B. Hyde Here
MANY NOTABLES SAIL ON THE MAIL
STEAMSHIP GAELIC FOR THE ORIENT
8
I Time I
iTimel
Time
: Ft.
L W
3:00 2.6
3:50 , 2.8
4:42 2.8
,5:37 3.0
6:30 3.1
H W ..
2:40 '5.2
3:25 5.3
4:06 5.4
Time
H W
9:18
10:06
10:55
11:48
Date
L.w
n :
H W
10:34
11:23
12:19
,1:09
1:54
Li W
7:39
' 8:12
8:56
f^:
Ft. 8
I
14 .;.
lb. ..
16 ...
17 ...
18 -;,
3:83
4:20
5:10
5:58
6:43
H TV
0:39
1:34
¦2:34
-0.8
—1.1
—1.4
—1.3
—1.1
4.4
4.8
4.6
4.9
,5.0
6.6
6.7
,6.6
6.4
19..:'
20 ...
21 ...
.6.0
5.6
5.0
-^¦0.8
-^0.3
¦ 0.2
Li W
7:3S
8.38
-¦9:50
2.9
2.8
2.6
Rainier
Despatch
Bristol
Wyefleld
Hawaiian
Arcata
Matte wan
Umatllla.
Queen
Bonita
Titanla
Del Norte
San Pedro......
Eureka
Ban Juan
Mandalay
Czarina
Washtenaw.. . .
Empire
Santa Barbara.
Pomona ....
Columbia ...
Hermonthis.*. . .
North Fork
Point Arena....
W. H. Kruger
City of Puebla.
Steamer.
From. Due.
Seattle & N. Whatcora June 15
San Pedro June 13
Comox June IS
Oyster Harbor June 16
Honolulu June IS
Coos Bay June 16
Tacoma June 16
Puget Sound Ports..... June 16
San Diego June 1<S
San Pedro & Way Pts June 16
Nanalmo June 16
Crescent City June 17
Humboldt June 17
Humboldt June IS
Panama & Way . Ports. June 18
Coquille River June 18
'Seattle and Tacoma June 18
Seattle June IS
Coos Bay June IS
Humboldt June 18
Humboldt June 19
Portland and Astoria.. June 19
Hamburg & Way Ports June 20
Humboldt June 20
Point Arena June 20
Tlllamook Bay June 20
Puget Sound Ports..... June 21
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
f
Newburg.. ...
Alliance......
Acme '..
Despatch.....
Rival......;.'.
Walla Walla.
Noyo
Coos Bay.....
Point Arena..
Eureka.......
Pomona..
Santa Rosa:.:
G.W. Elder..
Colombia.....
Bonita ....
Acapulco.....
June IS.
Grays Harbor ....
Portl'd & Coos Bay
Sluslaw River
Seattle & Falrh'n.
Willapa Harbor ..
Puget Sound Port3
Humboldt
Newport ..,
Point Arena
Humboldt
June 10.
Humboldt
San Diego
Jane 17.
Astoria & Portland
June 18.
Valparaiso & Way
8an Pedro
Panama & Way..
'. . June 19.
Seattle & N. What
Coos Bay .*.....
San Diego .r.......
Jane 20.
Coos Eay
Sydney & Way Pts
Puget Sound Ports
Seattle & Tacoma.
Humboldt. .]
Grays -Harbor ....
Jnne 21. <. |
Coquille River /*\.
¦ Jane 22.
China & -Japan....
5 pm
5 prn
11 am
5 pm
5 pm
11 am
5 pm
9 am
2 pm
9 am
1:30 p
9 am
11 am
12 m
« am
13 m
i
Pier i
Pier M
Pier 13
Pier 16
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 3
Pier 11
Pier. 2
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 10
Pier U
PMSS
I
Raln'er
Empire...*....
Corona........
5 pm
12 m
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 11
A rcata.. ......
Sonoma......
Umatilla.-r..
Czarina...:.'.
San Pedro....
Fulton...:....
12 ml
10 am|
11 am
'5pm
10 am
5 pm
Pier 13
|Pter 7
Pier 8
Pier S
Pier S
Pier 16
Mandalay....
10 am
i
Pier 5
H'kong Maru I
1.1 pm
|PMS3
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Chas. Nelson.; Skaguay & Way Ports.
Jeanle.. :....... Nome direct
Nome City..... Nome, Teller & Topkuk
Dolphin.......... Skaguay & Way Ports.
Alkl............ Skaguay & Way Ports. j
City of Seattle. Skasuay , & Way Ports
City of Topekr. Skaguay & Way Ports.
Victorian......: Skaguay & Way Ports
Farallon.V.V..;. Skaguay, & Way Ports.
June 15
June 15
June 15
June 16
June 17
June 18
June 19
June 22
June 22
Rainier
Despatch
Bristol
Wyefleld
Hawaiian
Arcata
Matte wan
Umatllla.
Queen
Bonita
Titanla
Del Norte
San Pedro......
Eureka
Ban Juan
Mandalay
Czarina
Washtenaw.. . .
Empire
Santa Barbara.
Pomona ....
Columbia ...
Hermonthis.*. . .
North Fork
Point Arena....
W. H. Kruger
City of Puebla.
Steamer.
From. Due.
Seattle & N. Whatcora June 15
San Pedro June 13
Comox June IS
Oyster Harbor June 16
Honolulu June IS
Coos Bay June 16
Tacoma June 16
Puget Sound Ports..... June 16
San Diego June 1<S
San Pedro & Way Pts June 16
Nanalmo June 16
Crescent City June 17
Humboldt June 17
Humboldt June IS
Panama & Way . Ports. June 18
Coquille River June 18
'Seattle and Tacoma June 18
Seattle June IS
Coos Bay June IS
Humboldt June 18
Humboldt June 19
Portland and Astoria.. June 19
Hamburg & Way Ports June 20
Humboldt June 20
Point Arena June 20
Tlllamook Bay June 20
Puget Sound Ports..... June 21
I Time I
iTimel
Time
: Ft.
L W
3:00 2.6
3:50 , 2.8
4:42 2.8
,5:37 3.0
6:30 3.1
H W ..
2:40 '5.2
3:25 5.3
4:06 5.4
Time
H W
9:18
10:06
10:55
11:48
Date
L.w
n :
H W
10:34
11:23
12:19
,1:09
1:54
Li W
7:39
' 8:12
8:56
f^:
Ft. 8
I
14 .;.
lb. ..
16 ...
17 ...
18 -;,
3:83
4:20
5:10
5:58
6:43
H TV
0:39
1:34
¦2:34
-0.8
—1.1
—1.4
—1.3
—1.1
4.4
4.8
4.6
4.9
,5.0
6.6
6.7
,6.6
6.4
19..:'
20 ...
21 ...
.6.0
5.6
5.0
-^¦0.8
-^0.3
¦ 0.2
Li W
7:3S
8.38
-¦9:50
2.9
2.8
2.6
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Chas. Nelson.; Skaguay & Way Ports.
Jeanle.. :....... Nome direct
Nome City..... Nome, Teller & Topkuk
Dolphin.......... Skaguay & Way Ports.
Alkl............ Skaguay & Way Ports. j
City of Seattle. Skasuay , & Way Ports
City of Topekr. Skaguay & Way Ports.
Victorian......: Skaguay & Way Ports
Farallon.V.V..;. Skaguay, & Way Ports.
June 15
June 15
June 15
June 16
June 17
June 18
June 19
June 22
June 22
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
f
Newburg.. ...
Alliance......
Acme '..
Despatch.....
Rival......;.'.
Walla Walla.
Noyo
Coos Bay.....
Point Arena..
Eureka.......
Pomona..
Santa Rosa:.:
G.W. Elder..
Colombia.....
Bonita ....
Acapulco.....
June IS.
Grays Harbor ....
Portl'd & Coos Bay
Sluslaw River
Seattle & Falrh'n.
Willapa Harbor ..
Puget Sound Port3
Humboldt
Newport ..,
Point Arena
Humboldt
June 10.
Humboldt
San Diego
Jane 17.
Astoria & Portland
June 18.
Valparaiso & Way
8an Pedro
Panama & Way..
'. . June 19.
Seattle & N. What
Coos Bay .*.....
San Diego .r.......
Jane 20.
Coos Eay
Sydney & Way Pts
Puget Sound Ports
Seattle & Tacoma.
Humboldt. .]
Grays -Harbor ....
Jnne 21. <. |
Coquille River /*\.
¦ Jane 22.
China & -Japan....
5 pm
5 prn
11 am
5 pm
5 pm
11 am
5 pm
9 am
2 pm
9 am
1:30 p
9 am
11 am
12 m
« am
13 m
i
Pier i
Pier M
Pier 13
Pier 16
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 3
Pier 11
Pier. 2
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier 10
Pier U
PMSS
I
Raln'er
Empire...*....
Corona........
5 pm
12 m
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 11
A rcata.. ......
Sonoma......
Umatilla.-r..
Czarina...:.'.
San Pedro....
Fulton...:....
12 ml
10 am|
11 am
'5pm
10 am
5 pm
Pier 13
|Pter 7
Pier 8
Pier S
Pier S
Pier 16
Mandalay....
10 am
i
Pier 5
H'kong Maru I
1.1 pm
|PMS3
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of y^^^^
Terr, small and as easy . 1
to take as sugasw
SEE fFIiTrtfcl F0R HEADACHE - SEE
° CARTtRo FOR DiniMESS.
FOR BIUOUSriESS. Ar , IMIMP
GENUINE V Vfr for torpid liver. GENUINE
M Pill ? FOR CONSTIPATION.
WDAPPCR H Ml FOR SALLOW SKIH. WRAPPER
WRAPPER F0R THE COMPLEXION WrtArrLtt
) 25 cSnts I ynrely 'Ve^eta3ilo,y&^*^>^^'
¦\ "FK.I1TTE3D ON RED PAPER. 1 '
BAIL WAY TBAVEL.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* lunff »•••• >»<*« «•«••• «•» nrrlt* »•
M.4.N I'lUNCINI'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
C.SAVB — FaOM JU2»« 9. 1901. — ARRIT»
7:00a. Beulcla. Sulsun, Ehnira, VacaTffle,
Ramsey and Sacramento o:*3P
1 :3» A Martinez, Sau Uauiou. Vallejo. Napa,
CalUtnga an«l Sauta Kos* 6j»3p
S:O«»A Da»U, WoodUad. KnignU Laadlne,
»!»r»s»ille, Orotille .J jJ »ij'
8:00* Atlantic Kiprets-Ogden and East I*'* 3 '
• »:O«a NUee. L»throp. Stockton............ 7»3»r
«:l)».uN:H Mendot*. Hanford. VisalU,
PorterTille 4:33p
8:3Oa ShaaW Express-DaTis. Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willow*. Bod
Bluff. Portland. 7»33r
SiUO* Bmi Jo«e. ld»ermore, ,8tooktou.
Ion*. H«cr»meiito. Pl»eer»Ule.
Marj««in». Ulrica. Ke.l Itlnff 4.23r
818OA Oakdale, Chinese (Yosemlte). 80-
nora. Carters -f 1 ?**
»:OOa Howard. Nilet and W»» SUtlons.. » I t»-»A
»i»OAVaUejo : l!«ia3»
yiUUi Lob Anielea Express — Martinei,
TracT. Latlirop. rttocktou. Meroetl
Fresno and Lcs Angeles 7«8oy
•:»»A Valltrjo. tiartlu«s »i»tl Way SUtloni itMr
1O»O«A Tho O»erlaud limited— Ogdeu, Den-
Ter. Omaha. Chicago .• !^ 3p
iltOOr Saciameuto i:i»er Hie«morti *5t'?2 A
»:30r Uajward, Nile* and Way Htatlons.. 7s33r
4iU»r Ueuicia, Winters. Haoramanlo.
Wooiliaud. KiiishU Laadlug,
U»rya«ille. OroTllls ••iS3a
4:«»pMarUiie«. Wan 1 Union. Vall«]«.
N»pn. « .'hIUUikh, .H»nta> Koia i»i»a\
•liOOp Nlies, LiTennore. Stockton, Lodl... lSi*3r
4»:»»r fI«ywird.Nlleii,.Saii.l<i«e. LlTennoie tS'2'.*
4t3«r Porl Cos a. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton 1»«83a
StOOrThe Owl Limited — Piesuo, TuUre.
BaJiersflel.l. Mangna for S»uta liar-
bara, Los Auualos •:»»»
8:00r Uutin's, Antloch, Stockton, Mm-
ced. Frcjno 1 J'JSS
StOurYosemlta ••••• l5lu3 '
SiUOf Now Orleans Expreoa— Mendota,
• Freaoo, Bakentteld. l>os Ar.geles,
D niiiiif. Ei Pmo, New Orleans -
¦nd K»»i *'" 4
e«00pnajrwMd,Nll8iandS»u Jo«» . J'5"J*
<BiOOp Vallojn -• M«*3*
UiOOrOrlaiital Mall-Ogaen. Chejonno.
Omaha. Cliloasu ia:83p
OiOOr Oriental ilall-Ogden, Denver, •
BtLoult. Ohlwgo. ««»>'
7i00rOr«Boiiaud OallforuU Rxi>r«M,Nae<
riuiirnt.i. Marj*«llle. Itmlillnv,
1'urtloml. V»t»% Main. U ami Kaat SiSSa
•••nrSan l'ab'.o. P»r% Coala, Martloes
and Way rttatloui I I 1 ??*
t»»03f VallKJi ?« a:> ?
COAST lASi: CUrron <Jau»«).
(root ut M.rliot S treel.)
17:43*. SauU Cruz recursion to danU Crua
and Principal Way Station! tS:03r
8il8ANe«arM''«uteMllle..Saii.loi«,rttton,
lioulderCrrok..Sai.laCru*auaWa»
autluni •••• »«»••»
tailSr K«<r«k, ContorvllI*. Han .h:»n, N«W
Alniaileri, raltvn, Itonlder Creek,
fimiU Cms and Principal Waf
SUtloni ; VJ!522i
4it3r Newark. San Joso, Los O*tos { {1o<3»a
CREEK ROUTE. FERRY.
Froa SU raiNCISCO— rao« of Muket Strut (Slip 8)-
17:15 »:00 11:00a.m. 1:33 3:03 S:15ru.
rrtaOtlUMB— f«»t «t »n»i»«j.— 1«:00 {9:00 13:08
10:00. .M. 12:03 8:03 4:03 r.M.
COAST LINE (nroa.1 U*n((«). '
(Third m>d Townmid Sts.)
"•:•»* San Joao and Way MtaUona. "'jj*'
17:U«a Sunday Excnralon for Ban Jew,
Hanta Cras. Padllo Gro»o and
rrindpal Way Stations JS:30f
ViOOAHali Juso. Tres I'lnim. HaiiU <|rnx.
1'xiMila (Jrnts, Salinas. San Lois
Oblapo ami Principal intermediota
«t»tlnn«. V\**
10::t0 1 San Jc»e and Way SUUons. i'2« r
/I«:3i»a Naw Alina«leu * K~!t T
I IsUUa Sail Ji»e an.i Wajr SUtlnna ........ Siaor
|3i l»r San Mateo. Kedwoo.1, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Hal. .Iimo.
Tres Plnos, dauta Crn«, Salinas.
Monterey ami Paciflo Grofe 110:43*
:i::tOp Han Joie ami Way Htatlnns •'•;?*
f4:lSr 8an Jose ami Principal Way Stationa »:^i>A
13:OOrS»n Joto. Loa Gatoa aod Principal
Way Stationa *2 !^2 4
5:SOp San .line ami Principal Way Stations 8:03a
BiOOp Redwood. Han Jo»«. Gllroy. Salinas,
Santa Barhara. Los Angeles 10:03a
6:00 r Del Monte. Monterey, Paaflc GioTe.
Lo.tpoc 1»»«Sa
(iSOrStnJowaiHl Way Stationa t*s»»A
all:4',p Sail J ogoHii.l Way Stations 7:^0?
A for Horning. P tor A ftemoon.
t Hunilay oxcei.tod. t Si»'<* t only,
a Saturday only. / Tuesdays and Fridays.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA HORTHWESTEBH RT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. ll:C0.a.m.: 12:35.
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-S:0O, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco. -
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:43,
8:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 23. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. [ days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:!0am S:0O am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. . 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale.' 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am 1 10: 23 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:85 pm! 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:23 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and' Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Liakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's. BuckneM's
Ranhedrln Heights, Hullvilie, Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usal, Willlta, Laytonvllle, Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen' s. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Ofnce. 650 Market street. Chronicle
Building.
H. C. WHITING, 'R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. - Gen. Pass. Agt.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 2S. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLE?
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. »9:30. 11:00 a m.
12:45. *1:45. 3:15. 4:lf. 5:15. "Saa, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and -Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00, *9:00. *10:00, 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45, *l:30. 2:30. *3:45. 5:00. 8:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. ¦"•>
Trains marked (?) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. 6:27. 7:47, 8:3C, 1015
a. m.. *12:25. 1:15. 2:20. •Z.ZS, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:15, 'SiOO, 9:45, »11:00 a. m *12
m., 1:00, 2:15, *3:30. 4:30. »5:43, 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
p. m. v
Trains marked (•) start from San Qnentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS— 5:43, 6:43. 7:55. 8:53. 1039
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 3:45, 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m., 12:13.
1:20. 2:30, 3:45. 5:00. 6:13. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. rxu week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ¦ . i •
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
. 5:15 p. in. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
8 a, m. Sundays — Cazadero and way q*&tlona.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. .... - ¦ ....
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
~ I Local I Linx'd I Ovrl'd I Local
j I Dally 1 » I Dally | Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
"Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
'• Fresno ... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 D
" Hanford . 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a ...
" Vlsalla... 3:40p 4:48a ..."""
." Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kans. C'y 2:40 a 7:30 a ;"
¦ " Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train Is. the California Lim-
ited, leavlne Monday and Thursday only,
carrying' Palace Sleeping: Cars and Dining
.Cars throuRh to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passeng-ers. No second-class
tickets honqred on thl* train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 6:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. ,
4:20 p. nt. Is Stockton and Fresno local
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 d. m'
dally.
8:C0 p. tn. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Recllninu Chair Cars to Chicago-
also Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives at 6-55
p. m. daily. . -
• 7:20 a. m. is Bakeirfleld Local, stocnlnjr
at all points In San Joaquin "Valley Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m dallv
OfflcPs-641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. ' ¦.
a for morning.
fl»_CH!CHE«TCR'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
K-ViTKjSSAra. *lwa.T* reliable. Ladlea, a>k Dranfii*
>J\5^l tor CnXCHJlSTEK'S KNGIJSH
S-W3 r? tt Wa « ribb0 »- Take no ether. RefaM
fn S^ *2J and Injita-
I / m D««a. Boy of your Druggist, or trad 4«. la
\v p «* "Relief / r i^i^- *.iS**7?i:
— V__A' JJmtb Mall. 1 «.«««? T-<Ui»oni.:.. Sold by
„ J~^J. »nBriiKl«». CateaeaterCh arnica! Col
Beatioa taU paper. lladl«a Squuw. PHUJU p2
. Tla Saowllto tarj— root of Xarktt St.
,f:?5 A JJ-}...:.week days... 5 f : » p - M «
8100 a.m.-) fl2 : .15p:5:
;9.-0Oa.m. 1:15 fm
¦js;:S:J ',.:-¦¦ : MMzz
; 1 aw, Su PnaeliM to Baasdt mA Bclitra, n u "
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & SaosaHto Ferrr.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
ffBBlGall $1.00 BerYear
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAU.VT »T. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Prlvut*
Diseases. Lo*t Mannood. Debility or
dl.teasp wearing: on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor enresrwhen
others fall. Try biro. Charges low.
<'nre« e»aran(rf(l. CallorwrJta,
Pr. J. f. UIBBO-V. San Francisco. Cal. ¦ . ¦;-¦¦¦
Standard remedy for Gleet. Gonorrhoea and
Rur.nlti£-s. In 48 . hours. Cures Kidney and
Bladder Troubles.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office IOO4- Market Street
Telephone— South 4-2O,
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Av*.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS — RE-
¦nodeled and .renovated. ¦ KINO WARD &
CO.. European Dlan. Rooms, 60c to XI 60 day:
$5 to $8 week; $8 to *20 month. Free baths- Sot
and cold water every room: nre grates In everr
room: elevator run* *U alzht. ...
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
/» T>VTTiyi t i a V, In M rJ*i'S.
I FAINT HE&T NEYEK WON F/IR LADY
Or poor laundiN^w-ork a satisfied cus-
tomer. That's wHy all our work Is tip-
top In quality— because we want to hold a
customer once gained, and the only way
for us to do It Is to pleastf. him.
You're no further away from satisfac-
tory laundry work than the nearest post
box— use it and we'll call promptly.
No eaw edges.
At yow Service
\ The porters in charge
/ of Burlington tourist sleep-
ing cars are picked men.
Most of them have been
with us for years. They
are honest, civil and oblig-
ing. They know what is
expected of them, and the
excursion managers see
that they do it.
From Los Angeles. Mondays and
Wednesdays: Sun Francisco, Tues-
days and Thursdays; Omaha, Chi-
cago, Kansas City, St. Louis—
. EVERYWHERE cast
Tickets and berths
in$ff^WrO at 63 * • M * rket Street -
|jaj}flffi|P W. D. Sanborv,
isfiSSBcSlJ Gen'l Agent.
hu WsxSSm sV y!i?Th^M %2 tS a^^^B
H B ¦ ni Rffln an bh a TT <¦__%
la *m*J§A a V 59 ££v M BJBf £aIMs agree as to O 'Hare's Sanity.
Mrs. Mamie Woolsey filed suit yesterday
for divorce from Henry- Woolsey, naming
cruelty as cause of action; and later in, the
afterrroon Mr. /Woolsey sued E. F. Graess
ler to recover $5000 damages for the al
leged act of the defendant In alienating
Mrs Woolsey's affections. Giovannini
Oliotti has sued Giovanni Oliotti for a
divorce. Cruelty is alleged as cause of
action: Charles H. Betts filed suit yes
terday to annul his marriage to Martha
Betts on the ground that at the time of
their marriage the defendant was the
legal wife of one George Wittman. Mary
J. Holcomb asks for ¦ a - divorce from
George M. Holcomb for desertion. 'An
drew Dreger has been granted a divorce
from Rosalia, Dreger for desertion. ,.v. : •
Troubles of the Married.
Every department of the News Letter
shows at its best this week. The stories
In the Looker On are all the best of their
kind— a dozen of them are exclusive. , The
laughable comments of Ella . Wilier
Wheelcox on a matinee idol are worthy
of five minutes' diversion. That well
known writer of human interest stories,
Robert McTavlsh, has been studying the
flotsam and jetsam of old Portsmouth
Square and has written three stories re
markable for their realistic wit and
pathos. Lady Algy Las contributed some
sympathetic reminiscences of the late
Hugh Trevis. The first bona fide descrip
tion of Miss Mary Scott's bridal array has
been furnished by Mrs. Chauncey' De
Wit. The light verse and the satirical and
serious comment are above par. . •
To-Day's News Letter.
Floor committee — Ed Skelly (floor director),
George F. McManus (assistant floor director),
Charles J. Devlin, Thomas Sullivan, John
Kelly, John O'Brien Jr.
Committee on games — M. J. Kehoe (starter),
John Perazzi (JudKe), Peter Buckley (chair
man). George A. Hanson. J. E. Rlordan, J.
W. Sullivan. T. J. Lynngreen.
Committee of arranrementa— J. "W. Sullivan
(chairman), J. E. Riordan, J. C Williams,
George Warner, Joseph Williams, Ronald Mc-
Donald, Louis Freitsch, John Perazzl, R. Gal
van.
Finance committee — J. E. Rlordan, Ed Jonea,
J. C. Williams.
Committee on printing— J. C. Williams, J.
E. Riordan. George I* Warner. I
Committee on music— J. C. Williams, C. J.
Devlin, J. W. Sullivan. *. '
Committee on prizes — T. J. Lynngreen, J.
C. Willlama. Charles J. Devlin, James Ferry,
J. E. Riordan, Liouls Freitsch. J. K>lly, Joseph
Williams. Ed Skelly. George L. Warner,. R.
Gal van.
The grand annual picnic of the Long
shore Lumbermen's Protective Associa
tion, I. L. A., local 224, will take place
Sunday, June 16. at Shell Mound Park.
Two hundred and fifty prizes will be dis
tributed at the gate and games. Miles J.
Kehoe will start the games and Ed Skel-
Jy will have charge of the dance pavilion.
The following committee will be in
charge:
Longshore Lumbermen's Picnic.
Old People Entertained.
About thirty of the old people of the
Memorial Crocker Home were entertained
at an afternoon tea Thursday at the resi
dence of Mrs. Joseph L. Tharp. 2032 Scott
rtrset. Miss I. Tharp, pianist. Miss Iselle
Vampelt, vocalist, and Miss Howland, vio
linist, rendered a number of musical selec
tions, and Mrs. Tharp gave several read
ings. The aged guests were made very
happy by the many kindnesses of the
hostesses.
Cooper's Second Trial.
The case of "Sir" Harry Westwood
Cooper, charged with sending the forged
telegram to Miss Norine Schneider, was
called in Judge Cook's court yesterday
and was continued till June 28, to be set
for second trial. The matter of perjury
ag-airst Cooper will be taken before the
Grand Jury, so that an indictment can
be found against him.
at Glen Park on Admis
sion Day.
The general committee of the Irish fes
tival of the Celtic Union met last even
ing and arranged the programme of
events to be given on Admision day at
Glen Park. Joseph Deasy presided at the
meeting and Thomas -G. Alford acted as
secretary. The matter of the production
of the spectacular play. "The Siege of
Limerick," was referred to Thomas F.
Barry. Miss Josie Dillon, Captain F. J.
Mellott and James J. Lanniffe.
The committee on Irish sports will be
selected by the chairman in the course of
the coming week. Committees appointed
are as follows:
Committee on music— Thomas G. Alford, M.
J. Gorman. William Mulvin.
Committee on dancing — Miss J. Eagan, Mrs.
S. M. McFadden, P. M. McGashin. J. J. Con
nlffc J. Mulhern, Miss O'Connor and Misb
Kelleher.
Committee on prizee — Mies J. Dillon, W.
Mulvin. P. M. McGashin.
The programme will include a competi
tion in Gaelic essays, and a full corps of
pipers, fiddlers > and a military band will
be present.
"Siege of Limerick" to Be Produced
CELTIC TJNION PLANS
GHAITD IRISH FESTIVAL
The electrical decorations are planned
to be particularly fine. Between the larg
er illuminated devices which will be
placed on the newspaper' and other build
ings by private individuals there will be
a serie9 of arches, beneath which will ap
pear the Maltese cross.
The Ferry building will be lighted up
the , same as for . the President's
visit, with the addition of the word "Wei-
come" on the Oakland side. The Call
building and the City Hall, by special re
quest of the Epworth. League officials,
will also appear as during President Mc-
Kinley's visit. Business firms all along
Market street have promised to furnish
•appropriate decorations and some of the
largest mercantile houses assure the com
mottees tif displays which will surpass
anything ever before attempted for an
affair of this kind. The finance commit
tee of the convention proposes to expend
about $5000 for. street decoration.
Mechanics' Pavilion and Metropolitan
Hall, together with the churches where
services are to be held, will also be dress
ed in gala attire. What the interior dec
orations will be is undecided as yet, but
it is stated that they will be very elabor
ate. Flowers and native plants will - be
used extensively and banners and bunt
ing will also play a prominent part in the
adornment of the meeting places. .-
It is "expected that in addition to the
decoration fund appropriated by the offi
cials there will also be a large private
subscription. Commercial men are tak
ing hold of the project with .a great deal
of interest and the ¦ owners of private
houses will be requested to decorate so far
as may be practicable. .
The streets will be trimmed with ever
green and attractive pictorial designs
along Market street from the ferries to
Ninth street and as much outside of these
limits as may be practicable.
The Epworth League officials predict
that the decorations in honor of the in
ternational convention will be far supe
rior to anything ever seen before in San
Francisco. -The Maltese cross, N which is
the emblem of the organization, will play
an important part in all' electrical and
other displays.
Epworth League's Em
blem Is to Be Made
Prominent.
MALTESE GROSS
IN DECORATIONS
Battleship Makes Remarkable Hun.
NEWPORT NEWS, .Va., June 14.— The
battleship Illinois arrived at the shipyard
this evening at 5 o'clock after a remark
able run down : the coast, during 1 which
she made an average speed of sixteen
knots an hour under natural draught.
Number of Victims Increases.
PORT ROYAL, Pa., June 14.— Rumors
are abroad to-day that -more men than
the eighteen first accounted for are
buried in the Port Royal mine. A long
time will be reauired to ascertain accu
rately the number of those entombed.
The recent exploitation In the prees of ray
encounter with the pseudo Dr. VIras of Hon
o.u:u has irreatly humiliated me. especially as
more has been said by innuendo than by the
recital of purported occurrences. In the course
of n-.y business I necessarily meet a large
number of the most cultivated and refined
pf-ople. Consequently when I received a note
Fifrned Charles F. Heinlein introducing Dr.
Vivas, I believed that the note came from
rom« person whom I bad met but whom I
was for the moment unable to place. As the
pretended Dr. Vivas was In appearance a cul
tivated gentleman I <Jld not feel Justified in
takinc the risk of refusing to receive his
rro<ier.ti«ie. At his Invitation we dined In the
pubUe dining-room of a well-known restaur
ant and afu-rward, at his invitation, we paid
a visit to the CM* House. At this time I did
not know where the CliS House was, but I
had often heard It spoken of as ona" of the
eijrhts of Saa Francisco which every tourist
cho-^id vlFit. It is also true that, while in
one of the parlors of the Cliff Hous« we did,
nt h!s solicitation and suggestion. Indulge for
a few moments in a game of cards, not, how
ever, for etakes. The matter of the proposed
marriaee was understood to be purely jocu
lar. Had the pretended Dr. Vivas in any
manner acted In a familiar or suspicious way
I should have known how to deal with him.
As it was, I merely accepted from him such
attentions as a gentleman may extend to a.
lady to whom he bears a letter of introduc
tion. ROSAMOXD RODKINSON.
Communication to The Call.
The following- communication has been
received:
SHE IS GBEAT1Y HUMILIATED.
Miss Rosamond Eodkinson Sends a
Following the service of dedication,
mass will be celebrated. At this first mass
in the new edifice the Rev. Father Val
lentini'of Sausalito will be celebrant, the
Rev. James Cleary of Petaluma, deacon,
and the Rev. M. Mackey of Tomales. as
sistant pastor of the new church, sub
deacon.
Rev. Father Mulligan, secretary to the
archbishop, will be master of ceremonies
for the day. The Rev. John Rogers, pas
tor of the new church, will assist him and
look out for the comfort of the distin
guished guests of the parish.
A choir specially formed for the occa
sion will render the music of the services.
Miss Nellie O'Brien will direct It. The
thirty or more members are from well
known San Francisco. choirs. An orches
tra formed of members of various San
Francisco parishes will also participate.
The dedication will be held immediate
ly after the arrival of the morning train
from San Francisco, about 11:30 o'clock.
Special excursion rates have been given
by the railroad and many visitors from
San Francisco are expected. The Sausa.
lito boat leaving at 8 o'clock connects with
the through train for Tomales.
The sermon will be delivered by the
Rev. James McDonald, pastor of .St.
Charles Church. The archbishop will de
liver a dedicatory address.
The handsome new Church of the As
sumption at Tomales the most beautiful
Catholic church in California, will be
dedicated to-morrow morning by Arch
bishop Rlordan. The dedication service
will be carried out in all of its elaborate
detail and irrLpressIveness.
Most Beautiful Edifice in
the State to Be
Dedicated.
TONIES PROUD
OF NEW CHURCH
WORK Is about to begin on the
plant of the Pacific Portland
Cement Company about four
miles east of Suisun. The ex
pectation is that this factory
will eventually obviate the necessity of
Importing Portland cement from Ger
many. There is a large deposit of the
cement in the crude state at the site se
lected for the works, supposed to be prac
tically inexhaustible. This is so situated
:hat it can be handled by gravitation from
start to the timo that it is finally deposit
ed in the bins ready for shipment, so says
Nathan L. Bell, who has organized the
company. All the money needed has been
raised and there is no stock for sale. A
representative is in the East negotiating
for the needed machinery. The picture
shows the general arrangement of the
buildings in the plant.
These structures will be made of steel
and corrugated iron, no wood being em
ployed. The furnace building will be 200
feet long and will contain seven furnaces.
Each building will have one side remov
able, so that a duplicate plant can b. set
up beside the original outfit readuy. The
buildings and ''machinery will cost about
The . company Is capitalized at $500,000.
George Stone is the president, Nathan L.
Bell secretary and these with Joseph F.
Kilby, Samuel McMurtrie and Morris
Kind constitute the board of directors.
There Is only one Portland cement plant
existing in California, a small one at Col-
Well - Known Citizen
Drops Dead on Tay
lor Street. -
Charles Muller, the well-known optician,
dropped dead last night near the corner
of Eddy and Taylor streets. He had been
enjoying a walk and was on his way to
his home at 1075 Goiigh street when he
suffered an attack of heart failure. He
fell without uttering a sound, and expired
almost immediately. , ;.
Charles Muller waa one of the foremost
opticians in the city. He had been in
business here for a number of years, and
was known far and wide for his skill. His
body waa taken to * the Morgue by Dep
uties Smith and Meehan. • -• • ¦
ton. ' There are now 50,000 barrels of Port
land cement Imported each month to San
Francisco from Germany and the quan
tity is steadily increasing. The monthly
consumption of the Pacific coast is about
70,000 barrels. The freight rates keep the
Colton product out of this market. As
there is a duty of thirty-two cents per
barrel upon the German cement the people
in the Pacific Portland Cement Company
foresee that they will have the.field>
Electricity will be used for power and
petroleum for fuel, both . being chea'p.
Sixty men will be employed when the
plant is in operation.
. »
CEMENT 'WORKS FOR STJISTJN.
Half a Million Dollars Will Be Ex
,* pended on a Plant.
SUISUN, June 14. — A company which
will be known as the Eureka Portland Ce
ment Company has been organized anfl
incorporated for the purpose of building
a mammoth cement works near SulsunJV
The company la composed of prominent
San Francisco men and Is capitalized for
$1,000,000, all of which has been subscribed.
The directors of the company are L. Ros
enfeld, H. Rosenfeld. "W. H. Talbot, H.
W. Goodall and A. T. Fletcher.
During the past year the projectors
of the enterprise have had an expert,
R. P. Doolan, examining the lime depos
its of this and adjoining counties, and
finally it has been decided that the lime-"
deposit on the farm of A.> A. Dickie is
CHARLES MULLER
DIES SUDDENLY
much enlarged in subsequent years.
The , works will be operated by electric
power furnished by the Bay Counties
Power Company, as will also the drills
and machinery at the quarry on the
Dickie place. The quarry, the works and
the town of Suisun will be connected by
an electric road for the purpose of haul
ing the rock from the quarry to the works
and the finished product from the works
to town for shipment, both by rail and
water. In the furnaces at the works oil
will be used for burning the lime, and
large quantities of this kind of fuel will
be consumed. • .
This Is the largest enterprise which has
ever been projected in this vicinity, and
much interest is being taken in it. The
company is now engaged in selecting a
site, for the plant and in - other prelim
inary work preparatory to commencing
work on the factory.
the best that can be found for tho manu
facture of the desired cement. A thor-*
ough examination has been made of the
property and it has recently been pur
chased of Dickie.
No site has yet been selected for the
.works, but they wllr* be located some
where in the vicinity of Suisun. About
thirty acres of land will be required for
the plant, and it alone will cost over
$250,000. Other improvements will also be
made, and it is estimated that the total
outlay will exceed $500,000. The works will
be operated night and day and will em
ploy about 200 men in manufacturing ce
ments The plant at. first will be of suf
ficient size to manufacture 250,000 barrels
of cement annually, and will probably be
Attorneys" J. C. Campbell and Thomas
Breece, who represent the petitioner, con
tend that an officer holds over until his
successor is appointed, and such succes
sor, they claim, oould only be appointed
by the Tax Collector. The Civil Service
provisions of the charter not only fall to
vest the commission with power to ap
point deputies in the office In question,
they urge, but were unconstitutional. An
other point raised was that Lewald, hav
ing performed the services set forth in his
petition, was entitled to his salary.
Attorney George D. Lane, on behalf of
the city and county and the Civil Service
Commission, said that the person who was
entitled to the salary of the office in issue
was the person entitled to the office, not
the person who had performed the ser
vices, if such person had been illegally
appointed to office. Mr. Lane also urged
that the Civil Service Commission did
have jurisdiction over the deputies in the
office of the Tax Collector, and, in view
of this condition, that the prayer of the
petitioner should be denied.
Judge Murasky took the case under ad
visement and will give his decision next
week.
Lewald was appointed a deputy by Tax
Collector Scott in April. His demand upon
the treasury was rejected by Treasurer
Brooks, however, at the request of the
Civil Service Commissioners, who claim
the right to appoint the deputies in the
office of the Tax Collector.
An action to determine the question of
jurisdiction of the Civil Service Commis
sion over the deputies In the office of the
Tax Collector was argued before Judge
Murasky yesterday and submitted for de
cision. The suit in question was insti
tuted by Al Lewald, who asks that a writ
cf mandate issue directing Treasurer
Brooks to cash his demand for services
rendered as a Deputy Tax Collector.
Against the Treasurer.
ment Action Instituted by Lewald
Judge Murasky Takes TJnder Advise-
TAX COLLECTOR'S DEPUTIES
RESISTING CIVIL SKRVICE
The Republican Primary League Is do
ing more effective work in the line of
arousing public interest in the coming
primaries than all other organizations
combined. The Central Republican Club
of the Forty-first District, a splendid antl
bess organization, of which Horace
Davis is president, is doing excellent work
within that district. As a general rule.
the Republicans in the majority of As
sembly districts appear to be indifferent.
uhe Democrats of the city are in a mud
cle. Gavin McNab, Mayor Phelan and
Jasper McDonald hold the works. The
County Committee, of which Mr. McDon
ald is the chairman and Mr. McNab the
real boss, seems to possess complete mas
lery of the Democratic neld. There is talk
of a concerted movement to put up a
ticket in each district to oppose the com
mittee's ticket, but no Moses appears to
lead the children of Jefferson. The daily
newspaper organ of the party, at the sug
gestion of Hearst, has attempted several
moves, but Gavin McXab has cleverly
checkmated the non-resident political
manager. Democrats who are in open
revolt ajrainst the organized committee
are waiting for some one of the many dis
prur.tled factions to take the lead in an
arti-PheJan campaign. According to in
side- accounts McNab would not shed real
tpars if the Phelan clique should be
turned out of the party councils, but he
is not seeking a fight in that particular
qurmer. Evidently he fancies that a
waiunpr frame is the best generalship for
the campaign. If Hearst should decide
to put ur» a ticket and rally the discon
tented, McNab would no doubt meet the
issue.
Republican members of the Board of
Election Commissioners are giving close
attention to the duty of selecting capable
men to serve as precinct election officers.
The commissioners hold that It is the
duty of pood citizens to serve the public
In this capacity. The compensation of two
dollars which the law allows to each pre
cinct election officer can scarcely be re
garded as just remuneration for the vrork
assigned to clerks, judges and inspectors
cf ejection, but it is better than no pay.
For the primary election, August 13
next, the precincts will be consolidated
as they were two years ago for the elec
tion held under the Stratton law. Three
of the regular voting precincts are as a
rule combined to make one primary elec
tion precinct, which consolidation reduces
the number of polling places to 106. The
Election Commission will hold a regular
meeting next Monday, in order to com
plete the list of precinct officers within
ihe time specified by law.
Democratic Bosses Hold the
Party Works and Are-
Saying Nothing.
Commissioners Prepar
ing- Lists of Election
Officers.
COMPETENT MEN
TO TALLY VOTES
Plant Upon .Which One Quarter of a 'Million Dollars Is
•to Be Expended by Local Capitalists for the Purpose of
Supplanting German Goods in the California Market
King represents St. Louis capital, and
the ultimate purpose is to establish a
complete Pacific Coast telephone system.
A similar request for a franchise has been
filed with Los Angeles city officials.
The grantee* shall within three years from the
passage of the ordinance have in operation a
telephone system serving at least 5000 telephones
and in case of failure to do so shall forfeit all
rights acquired under the ordinance. Conduits
and switchboards shall be of sufficient size to
accommodate 15.000 telephones and not more
than $100 per annum shall be charged for a
business telephone, with unlimited service, $75
for a telephone In a physician's office, $50 for
a private residence. For each 1000 telephones in
addition to the 15.000 mentioned the sum of $6
per annum shall be charged in addition. The
grantee is forbidden to sell out to any opposi
tion company and shall pay 2 per cent of its
pross receipts to the city yearly. At the expira
tion of the franchise the city has the right to
purchase at a price set by a board of arbitra
tion.
The city Fhall have the rteht to the free use
and installation of a number of telephones,
not to exceed fifty, and to be maintained in
good repair without expense to the city. The
grantee agrees to put in whenever required by
the city a system of telephones for the Police
and Fire departments at actual cost and to
maintain it at a cost no* to exceed $12 per
annum, and to allow the city the free use of
the top crosfarm of each pole erected under
this ordinance. Rnd the free use of one contin
uous duct in the conduits for the stringing of
the city's wires. Conduits shall be laid prior to
the laying of any new street pavement when
£O required by the Board of Works.
M. Adrian King-, through his attorney.
Alfred H. Cohen, petitioned the Board of
Supervisors yesterday to grant him privi
lege to lay and operate in the public
streets underground conduits and other
appliances for the purpose of operating a
general telephone and telegraph business.
A form of ordinance granting the fran
chise for a term of fifty years accom
panies the petition and contains the fol
lowing provisions:
Agrees to Furnish the • City
"With Service Free of
Any Charge.
Rival in the Field Asks
Supervisors for Fran
chise.
NEW TELEPHONE
SYSTEM PLANNED
LARGE PORTLAND CEMENT FACTORY
TO BE BUILT NEAR TOWN OF SUISUN
LONG APPROVES
COURT FINDINGS
Reprimand and Reduc
tion in Rank Impey's
¦?-."" :Punishment.
He Is Saved the Further Dis
grace of Being Placed
on Furlough.
WASHINGTON. June 14.— The loss of
ten numbers in his grade and reduction of
his pay to furlough pay for two years and
to be publicly reprimanded is the sentence
imposed by the court-martial upon Cap
tain Robert E. Impey, at present sta
tioned at the Mare Island Navy Yard.
The captain was charged with scandalous
conduct in having represented to a den
tist that his bill must be reduced because
it required the approval of the treasury
officers, whereas this wAs purely a per
sonal matter. I f
Secretary Long has addressed a letter
to Captain Impey advising him of his
approval of so much of the sen
tence as directed a reprimand and
a reduction in rank, but stating
that the part of the . sentence recom
mending that Captain Impey should be
placed on furlough for two years was re
mitted, "not because of any clemency
which you are regarded as meriting, but
for the reason that the department does
not consider that the interests of the navy
will be advanced by permitting you to
remain in idleness for two years when the
services of all officers are required on ac
tive duty."
In administering the reprimand Included
in the sentence Secretary Long says:
"The offense of which you have been
found guilty is one whjch affects your
honor as an officer, and it is not thought
that anything which the department cay
say in- the nature of a reprimand can add
to the mortification which you should suf
fer by the publication of the general
Jcourt-martial order reciting the charge
and specification and findings and sen
tence- of the court in your case, with the
action thereon." -•*-. <
The letter closes with an order that Cap
tain Impey shall be released from arrest
and restored to duty.
ON THE FUTURE
OF NEW AMERICA
Dr. B. F. de Costa Talks
of the Country's Con
ditions.
Says Catholic OHurch Will
Be Potent Factor in Its
Development.
A large audience was present last night
at Metropolitan Temple to hear Dr. Ben
jamin F. de Costa lecture on "America,"
under the auspices of the Catholic Truth
Society. The lecture was highly interest
ing, being an exhaustive study of the
present conditions existing in this coun
try. Dr. de Costa treated of social and re
ligious questions, such as trusts, expan
sion, the negTO problem, the drink evil
and divorce, all of which he held would
be solved by the creation of a new Amer
ica. Dr. de Costa said:
We are able to forecast the futuce of America
by its past. Judging the people of this country
by their origin there need be little fear that
the result will not command the admiration of
the world. There is the possibility of the crea
tion of a new man out of the heterogeneous
mass composing: its population. The American
is not unlike his English brother In the desire
for the acquisition of new lands. Hawaii wa3
seized by this Government without the slightest
authority from God or man, but by the con
nivance of unprincipled adventurers and mis
sionaries' sons. We have taken the Philip
pines — for better or for worse, for richer or
poorer — and we will never get rid of them.
¦ The ¦• unification of America will be accom
plished in various ways. One is by the cessa
tion • of : immigration. That ', will only happen
when the industrial conditions in Europe are
such that they will keep the natives home."
Then only will overcrowding cease here. "We
spend $10 in drink to $1 for education. We can
not afford to continue spending $1, 000. 000, COO for
strong drink. Other evils that must be com
bated are monopolies, trusts, legislatures sold
for cold cash, strikes, mob law, the labor re
former denying a man the right to work when
he finds work at satisfactory, wages, and finally
divorces. • « •
The situation is not hopeless, but we are rap--
Idly hastening toward the danger point.- I be
lieve that' the constitutional and political ma
chinery will stand the strain at the crucial
point, and that a splendid future awaits the
people of America. Who will save the nation
at the danger point? I answer, a divine power,
the Christian education. of the people, -and de
velopment of their agricultural resources. "We
are offered the opportunity of opening up men
tal, moral and physical riches and we will fall
if we undervalue the situation. The Catholic
church will spread its Influence in the creation
of a new era In America by helping: to create
good citizens, a mighty and much needed factor
in the upbuilding of a great nation.
LONDON, June 14.— A preliminary cen
sus volume just issued gives the popula
tion of the five largest cities of England,
exclusive of London: Liverpool,, 684,947;
Manchester. 543,969: Birmingham, 522 1S3;
Leeds, 426,953; Sheffield, 380,717.
The total number of males In England
and Wales is 15,721,728; of females, 16,804,
347, men serving abroad in the army,
navy and merchant marine being exclud
ed from these figures. ' .
Seventy-seven per cent of the total pop
ulation is in the cities- and 23 per cent is
in rural districts, as against T5 and 25
per cent respectively in 1S91.
The population of Great Britain almost
doubled during the Victorian era. but that
of Ireland declined from 6,801,000 in 1S21
to 4,455,000 In 1901.
The mean annual death rate has been
steadily declining since 1S61. The birth
rate has declined with stiu greater rapid
ity. . y
Less Than Twenty-Five Per Cent of
England's Population Live in
Rural Districts.
CENSUS STATISTICS
7 V ? OF ENGLISH CITTE3
NEW YORK, June 15.— The Tribune
pays: The Chinese in the United States
aro preparing for an' organized fight to
obtain the absolute repeal of the Geary
exclusion act at the coming session of
Congress. The movement was started in
this city early in the week, and it is ex
pected to spread rapidly to Philadelphia.
Chicago, Portland, Seattle. San Francisco
and other cities having large Chinese pop
ulations.
A powerful organization has been effect
ed among the Chinese merchants of this
city. Within the next two weeks every
one of the 15,000 Chinese here will be asked
to sign a carefully prepared memorial to
the United States Government asking that
the exclusion act be repealed. The memo
rial will" protest in the strongest possible
terms against having the act extended for
twenty years from the date of its expira
tion in 1902. It will be forwarded to the
Government, along with similar memo
rials prepared in other cities, through Wu
Ting- Fang, the Chines© Minister at Wash
ington. ' ", •/< .
Movement Is Begun in New York
and ."Will Spread to Other
i. ¦ Cities.
CHINESE ORGANIZE
TO FIGHT EXCLUSION
Excitement Over the Murder of
Planter Edwards Is Almost
Wholly Allayed.
SHREVEPORT, La.. June 14.— The fu
neral of John Gray Foster, the young
planter who was killed on his plantation
by Prince Edwards, a negro, on Wednes
day last, occurred this afternoon and was
largely attended. ' A majority of the busi
ness houses of Shreveport were closed, in
order that their employes might attend
the funeral. Among those present were
Governor McMillin of Tennessee and Mrs.
McMillin, a sister of the murdered man.
The score of negroes under j arrest
charged with complicity in the mifrder of
Foster have been successfully removed to
the Parish Jail at Benton and there is no
further fear of mob violence. Edwards,
who did the killing. Is still at large, and
posses continue in the field, scouring the
country in every direction. If caught Ed
wards will be summarily dealt with. The
excitement of yesterday and last night has
been almost wholly allayed and so far as
the 'negroes now under arrest are con
cerned no further trouble is anticipated.
OFFICIALS NO LONGER
FEAR MOB VIOLENCE
NATIVE SONS ARRANGE
MEMORIAL DAY SERVICES
Will Decorate Graves of Departed
. Members and Hold Exercises
in Order's Hall. f
At a meeting held last night of the com
mittee of Native Sons having in charge
the arrangements for the Memorial day
services, to be held in Native Sons' Hall,
Sunday afternoon, • June 30, the following
programme was prepared: • . •
Selection, orchestra; opening address, R. P.
Troy; contralto solo. Miss Lillian "Wilson: In
vocation: reading of names of deceased mem
bers; selections, quartet: oration. Grand Presi
dent F. Xj. Coombs; barytone solo, J. G. Fra
ser; eulogy, M. T. Dooling; selections, quar
tet; benediction.
The graves of deceased Native Sons
will be decorated Sunday morning, under
the direction of a committee composed of
R. P. Troy, C. A. Boldemann. J. H. Rox
burgh, G. J. Hans, W. H. Harrison and
Bruce Cornwall.*.
A special Invitation to attend the serv
ices will be sent to the relatives of de
ceased members of the order.
Mining Experts on the Stand.
Louis Janin and W. S. Keyes were the
only witnesses examined yesterday In the
United States Circuit Court in the Grass
Valley mining cases. They testified that
the condition of the veins and mineralized
bodies in the Pennsylvania Consolidated
Mining Company's mine was not as de
scribed by the witnesses for that side of
the case, but were of an altogether differ
ent geological formation.
The trial will be resumed at JO o'clock on
Tuesday moraine. •
Big One Hundred Bird Race. '
The Olympic Gun Club will shatter blue
rocks at Ingleside to-morrow.
A 100-bird race Is to be held at the Lin
coln Gun Club grounds on Sunday, July
7. A $20 entrance fee will be demanded.
There will be three moneys and high guns
are to win. Among those who Intend to
compete are A. J. Webb, D. Daniels, Otto
Feudner, Fred Feudner, Dr. Barker, Mr.
Varien, Phil Bekeart, Ed Schultz, J. H.
Durst of Wheatland, Pet© McCrae,. J.
Bruns and others. ¦ • '-• x -
TvrATJV MILLIONS EXPECTED.
Vessels Begin to Carry Treasure
From the Klondike Region.
¦ SKATTLE, June 14— The Yukon is open
from end to end, according .to news
brought down by the steamship Dolphin,
which arrived this morning. The ship
brought down $40,000 in gold dust The
presence of $2,500,000 of gold dust In the
banks at Dawson has caused a renewal of
speculation as to what the total output
of the Klondike will be this year. Com
parisons have been made with the receipts
in previous years to the corresponding
date and calculations made. It is held by
many that one-half of the total output is
now in the banks and they figure that
the grand total will oe in the neighbor
hood of $15,000,000. Many persons, how
ever, are ready to place the amount at a
greater figure, and these hold that be
tween $20,000,000 and $25,000,000 would be
nearer the correct estimate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; SATRUD AY, JUNE \ 1 5,1 1901.
i
BUILDINGS WHICH WILL BE USED IN THE NEAR FUTURE IN THE MANUFACTURE OF PORTLAND CE
MENT. A NEW INDUSTRY FOR THIS PORTION OF THE STATE. BUILDERS AND OWNERS OF REALTY
WILL WATCH THE NEW ENTERPRISE WITH INTEREST.
t ¦ ¦
Boer Lecttfre To-Night.
Jan : Krige — stereoptlcon" views—Metro
politan Temple, 8 o'clock. Admission 25c;
no reserved seats. r ; : i: ; ;-^:i' f ; -i
Robert . J. Gallagher, a Barbary Coast
rounder,' was booked at the City; Prison
yesterday on a charge of robbery. He is
accused of forcibly I taking | ?7 and a gold
ring from D. A. Pierson, a sergeant in the
Thirty-first. Infantry, in a saloon on Pa
cific street Wednesday night. . • . .
Charged With. Bobbery.
Henry E." Highton submitted an address
calling the attention of merchants and
public men of this Statd to the plans. for
the erection of a monument in memory of
Lincoln. The price of a suitable monu
ment is estimated at 5100,000. The address
met with the approval of those present
at the meeting, and printed copies of it
will . be printed .'and mailed to all the
prominent men of California.
Tho Lincoln Monument . League held a
meeting, last evening in the rooms of the
Union League Club. W. ,"W. Stone pre
sided and opened with a short address.
The report of Colonel C. Mason Kinne,
treasurer, was read, showing that the re
ceipts for the last Lincoln day were $603,
and that the balance on hand is $3000. j
Lincoln Monument League.
Judge SIoes has taken under advisement
a motion made by Margaret !>. Gowdy,
guardian of aged Joseph O'Hare. for the
appointment of a receiver to take posses
eIotj of property and money aggregating
572.000 in value and now in the hands of
Thomas H. Jacaues. Counsel represent
ing: Jacaues resisted the motion on the
ground that gift of the property
in question to Jacques was valid and that
O'Hare was of sound mind when he made
the gift. • In • support of the contention
that O'Hare was and is of sound mind.
Jacques' attorneys filed affidavits to that
effect, Blgned by Frank Vernon, Richard
P. Valerga, Ida Valerga, Darrel L. Fra
sier. Howard Vernon. Joseph Figel. Wil
liam F. • Hastings and Albert Audiffred.
On the other hand, Tlllie A. Rogers, Lavia
Lally, Margaret L. Gowdy, Charles J. Pa
ton, Margaret J. Knowles, Samuel ¦ W.
Knowles and D. D. Lustig filed affidavits
to the effect that O'Hare was and is of
unsound mind.
9
"My two sisters ¦were badly troubled
with stomach disorder, but after leaving
off coffee and taking Postum they both
recovered their appetites and took on
considerable flesh. I wish every one could
be Induced to use the health-giving, aro-
matic Postum."
"Morning after morning I gave him
Postum without telling him that It was
any different from ordinary coffee. His
stomach quickly recovered and he began
to eat breakfast He asked me one
morning, as he asked for a second cup
of the Po6tum. 'What witch had taught
me to make such delicious coffee,* and
wher*» I 'found some that would agree
with himr Then I told him for the first
time that h« had not been drinking coffee,
but Postum, which had so strengthened
his utomarh that he could now eat as
much breakfast as any one.
A little woman In Butte, Montana, Mrs.
Fitzmaurice, writes that she and her hus-
band are a different kind of people. They
knew enough to quit coffee when It had
rapped them hard. She says: "My hus-
band was so badly affected that he ate
no breakfast for three or four years. He
would often try to drink a few sips of
coffe« and Invariably threw It up. When
Postum Food Coffee was brought to my
attention I tried It without having any
faith In It, but when I found what a de-
JScious beverage It was when prepared ac-
cording to directions, and from trying It
on myself found there were no bad ef-
fects, I induced husband to take a
cup without telling him It was the. Food
Coffee. He objected at first, saying that
he would be sure to throw It up, but when
I Insisted upon his trying It, It agreed
with him.
When a ma.n, from coffee drinking, gets
to such a condition that he cannot eat
breakfast without throwing It up It seems
time to quit, but there are thousands of
¦weak-minded people who have not logical
brains enough to understand that when
en article of food or drink produces such
conditions as these It should be abso-
lutely left off.
A Husband's Question.
"WHAT WITCH?"
FOSTTJM" CERELAX.
CAMERA CLUB ENTERTAINMENT.— The
California Camera Club will bold Its monthly
entertainment and exhibition at the Academy
of Sciences building next Tuesday evening.
During .the Intermissions a ; pleasing musical
programme will be rendered.
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM : of .'Rail-
Way a. Office— 30 Montgomery \ street. •
fig^Fi P&ift Leaves Its Mark, i
R^9H & / Pale faces and haggard eyes tell of female suffering. Ji3
I^^Stt^/ They tell of weak blood and shattered nerves, sleepless §M
*^F^^^. nights and drowsy days. There are a million women in f!||
y flST / America suffering as Mrs. Keith suffered. They have head- ||i
H B*\ [( ., -¦' aches, pains in the stomach, in the legs, arms and back, ISf
H I A\ - ar© dull and drowsy by day, nervous and sleepless by night. ipn
BA \ K( (J If you have these symptoms you have "female troubles". lS3
Bf)\ 1 J 1 I Wine of Cardui has completely cured hundreds of thous- §11
B/A \S \ ands of such cases. It stops the pain and insures perfect- K|L
WML Nf A \ • h «aIth. J Do you realize what a joy perfect health would be? I||
§Kb- ¦ WINE<*CARDUI I
ys33mmmmmm^mwr In invigorating the organs of womanhood, fits a woman ||I
ggg *^—~^~- for every duty of life. Try it! All druggists sell $1.00 f|§
jfr bottles. Thedford's Black-Draught, the companion medicine, performs Eftf
Br the important function of regulating the stomach and bowels. This ffia
HW It Is with pleasure I write you in regard to my good health. . In the spring of 1899 f was' very low. ' My friends fjni
mm thought I could not live. In fact, I thought so myself. I had used so many kinds of medicine without getting §!§
Egl relief. At last I decided to try your medicine. I commenced to use Wine of Cardui and Thedford's BlackDraueht W&L
B|| and In a short time 1 began to improve. I gained 26 pounds in weight I am enjoying better health than I have m
II In years. . , ; • '» Mrs. N. B. KEITH. fSl
Kg ¦ » For advice and literature, address, giving symptoms, "The Ladies' Advisory ISiHKl'Bwf ¦
0K3 ' Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tenn. fc*^j
"^mmm^^^^^~~^^ m^^~-^^ mm^^'^m^^m^^mm^^mmmm^^^mmm^^mf*^^MW6BESjBradstreet? s Financial Reviezv.
TCtTW TORK, June 14.— An overwhelming pro
portion cf the day's dealings were In Union
Pacific and St. Paul, and the scrutiny of the
day's transactions will reveal that the strength
in the market was largely confined to the same
stocks. The Influence of that strength on the
general list was considerable during the early
part of, the day, but it steadily waned. There
were some other isolated upward movements,
but these also had little effect upon the gen
eral list. But while prices in general refused
tn respond In sympathy with the points of
rtrength. they were not conspicuously affected
by the heavy realizing that went on all day
under cover of the strength In the two mar
ket leaders. In fact. It was not until Union
Pacific itself relapsed in the last hour of trad
ing that the selling made any notable impres
nlon on prices. At that time there were 6harp
breaks all around which carried the average
level of prices below last night and the sub
«-quent rallies were insignificant, the market
closing heavy under renewed selling. All of
the professional elements In the market
neemed to Join In the speculative movement in
Ht. Paul and Union Pacific Authentic offl
rtal statements regarding the many rumors
I>revalent of closer relations between these
properties were conspicuously lacking, but they
fouutl credence as the tape, according to the
methods of corroboratlon used by speculators,
K*ve proof of the rumors. The specific as
sertion that Union Pacific had purchased 250.000
Fhares of St. Paul from long-standing insiders
trail stoutly denied by St. Paul interests, while
t'nion Pacific Interest* refused a confirmation.
Whatex-er may be the origin of the report, or
the nature of the buying of the two Flocks, it
is very clear that they were made use of to
cover large speculative profit-taking in other
parts of the list. The extreme rise in St. Paul
reachwl 6% and In Union Pacific 1%. Colorado
Fuel made another sensational advance of 11
points with a relapse of ZM and Tennessee Coal
rote 4%. apparently in eympathy. Rumors con
tlsue that these companies are to be taken in
New York Stock Market.
CALL BOARD .SALES,
• Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— De'cember— 2000
ctls, es%c. -.: --¦. - --•-,•/• :
Second Session — No sales. *
Regular Morning Session — December— 6000 ctls
68%c. '-j • . ..,,.¦ ..<¦ -,7, J . ¦ . . ¦ -..-¦¦
Afternoon ' Session— No sales. . .
r. OATS— Dealers continue'to report a stagnant
and unchanged marked White, Jl 42V4@1 66-
Surprise, Jl 50@l 65; Red, Jl 35@1 45; Black.
$1 22%@1 32% per ctl.
- CORN-fThe market shows no further change
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
20C0 ctls, Jl 02%. . _ >
Second Session— No sales. 1 . .
Regular Morning Session— December— 4000 ctls,
$102%;, 12. 000. $102%. ; - -.;---.
Afternoon Session— December— 26,000 ctls, $1 02;
24,000. Jl 01%: 2000, J101%. • .-. >¦;.-
BARLEY— The market continues weak and
dull, with easier quotations for brewing and
shipping grades. -"V
Feed. 72%@73%c for No. V and TOc^for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 75@S0c;
Chevalier,- nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— The foreign markets were quiet
and featureless. | Argentine shipments for the
week were 624,000 bushels, against 1,832,000 for
the same week last year.
f hlcago j was lower on unresponsive cables
and favorable weather. Kentucky and Tennes
see offered June Wheat for sale. Minneapolis
reported the millers, shippers and elevator men
all buying cash Wheat at lc over July, and ex
pected a decrease in stocks of 250,000 bushels
for the week.
The local market was flat and future* were
lower." >"¦¦¦:':>¦ -*,-•--•¦ \ ,
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%@98%c; .milling,
$102%@I03%. ¦
Wheat and Other Grains.
The Bank of England has reduced Its rate
of discount to 3 per cent.
The: Gaelic took out a treasure list of $86,496,
consisting of $4491 In Mexican dollars, $1005 In
gold coin and $81,000 in silver bullion.
' All financial quotations remained undisturbed.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — J4 8SH
Sterling Exchange, sight........ — , 4 89%
Sterling cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight ¦— 12%
New Yor.k Exchange, telegraph..' — 15
Silver, per ounce; — 69%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49% @ 50
Exchange and Bullion.
TVv. FRIDAY. Juae 14—2 p. m.
. UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid-Ask.
4s quarcoup..ll3%114y.i 4s qr cp (new>139 140
4s quar reg....H2%113%!3s quar coup.,109 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 5s.lO5 107 Oceanic S3 53.10291103
Cal-st Zb 118 — ¦ Omnibus R 8s.l27 —
C C Water 5s.l09*iHO Pac G Imp 4a..— 100
Ed L-& P 6s.l2S%133% Pk & C.H 6a. 108 —
Fer & Cl R 6s.ll5 — Pk & O R 63.117 —
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R 6a. 120 —
H C & S.5%s.lO6U — Sac E G li 5a. —
Do 5s 10im0214 S F & SJV 53.120% —
Loa Ang R 5s.ll4% — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 63. — 102 S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6a..— 104 (1909) 113% —
Do gntd 5». .103 — <1310) U4 —
L A- & Pac 59.100 — S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. 102% — (1905), Ser A. 108 108%
Market-st C 6a — 127% (1205). Ser B.lC8%109
Do 1 c m 5s.l22% — 0906) 109%linU
Nev Co R 7a.. — 113Vi (1912) 119 in
Nor R Cal 6s.ll3%115 S P of Cal 1st . •
IX> 5s U8%113% cp gntd g 5s.lO7 -
Nor Pac C 63.IOO — S P Br Cal 6s.l33%136
Do 5s 108 108* S V; Water 6s. - 113>*
Nor Cal R 5».110 113 Do 4s ...... 102H —
Oak Gas 5s. ...112 — Do 4s. 3d m.lOUil03
s-SK-.rssss* smn Gas toao ° -
WATER STOCKS.
SSI? <§£&: H* *^ | Sprlns VaIley - «* «*
STOCK ANI> BOOT* 1 EXCHANGE.
. The lighting stocks continued to lead In
point of activity on the morning session of the
Bond Exchange. Pacific Gas selling at $34 25©
35 and Gas & Electric $37 50@3S 12%. The mar
ket was more active than of late, there being
a cood list of sales.
In the afternoon Gas & Electric sold up to
$38 73 and Spring Valley Water down to $82.
The oil stocks were moderately dealt In at
previous prlc.es. •
Consolidated California & Virginia was ex
dlvldend of 10c yesterday.
The Oakland Gas Company will pay a divi
dend of 25 cents per share to-day. "
.The Spring Valley Water Company will pay
a dividend of 42 cents per share on the 20th.
The Oakland. San Leandro and Hay-wards
Electric Railway Consolidated paid a dividend
of 20 cents i>er share yesterday.
The Presidio Railway Company will pay A
dividend of 15 cents per share to-day.
The Kilauea Sugar Company will pay & divi
dend of 25 cents per sh*-e U-dar-
CHICAGO," June 14.— Disappointing cables and
the continuation . of excellent • crop conditions
and prospects caused July wheat to open U@?ic
to %@%c down, . but with light offerings and a
disposition of shorts to buy there was an ad
vance to 71c. For a time the market was held
steady by advices that Continental crops had
been seriously damaged and that • prospects for
further exoort business . were good, while the
decrease r in Argentine : shipments also helped
the bulls. These stories were followed, how
ever, by authentic news that Continental crops
NEW YORK, June 14.— Trading was not on a
large scale for tin in the local metal market
and 'a weak undertone was apparent in the ab
sence of support and in sympathy ! with the
depression abroad. After a slow day the mar
ket was finally weak at* J28 30@28 50. Tin In
London- went off 15s and closed easy, with spot
at £129 15s and futures £12*. Copper In' Lon
don was a shade lower and easy to-day, ' with
spot quoted ( at £69 Is 3d and futures £69 10s. '
without any business to speak of. - Here it was
dull and nominally unchanged at $17 for Lake
and $16 62% for . casting. Lead, steady, un
changed. Spelter, steady, unchanged.. Pig
lron warrants, steady, unchanged. -The pro
duction of copper - for . the month of May
amounted to 22,392 tons, against 21,438 tons in
April. • '. .
New York Metal Market:
California fruits generally unchanged.
DRIED APPLES— State common to good, 3%
©6c; prime, 5y.<g5%c; choice,. 6@6%c; fancy,
6%«?7c. : - . -
,PRUNES— 2%@6V4c per pound, as to size and
quality. ' • .
APRICOTS— Royal, 8@12c; Moorpark, 7%®12e.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
WOOL— Quiet.
SUGAR— Raw. steady. Fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test. 4&c; molasses sugar, 3%c.
COFFEE— Spot -Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice, 6c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 8%@12%c. Futures closed
unchanged to 5 points net lower. Total sales,
25.750 bags, including: July, 5.03c; September,
5.20c: December, 5.40@5.45c, 1
BUTTER— Receipts, 7845 packages; steady.
Creamery. 15%«r?19%c: factory, 12@14%c.
EGGS — Receipts, 7592 packages; steady. West
ern regular packed, ll@12c; Western candled
and selected, 12%@13c.
HIDES— Steady,
WHEAT— Receipts, 68,400 bushels; exports,
56.062; spot/ easier. No. 2 red, 78%c f. o. b.
afloat: No. 2 red, 77c elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. 83%o f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Du
luth, 86%c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
firmer because of disappointing cables, . but
firmed up on good local support, adverse Kan
sas crop news and covering. In the afternoon
they weakened, closing weak %c net loss. ! July,
76 ll-16@77%c. closed 76%c; September, 74%@
77%c, closed 74%c; October, 74%@75 5-16c. closed
74%c; December. 75?i@76 7-16c, closed 75%c.
HOPS— Dull. State common to choice, 16®
19c; Pacific Coast. 1900 crop, 16@18%c. . . .
NEW YORK. June 14.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,375 barrels: exports, 9690; steady, but closed
easy, with the late break In wheat.
NEW YORK. June 14.— The following table. \
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank" clear- i
Ings at all principal cities for the week ended j
June 13, with the percentage of increase and \
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
_„, ¦ Percentage. I
CITIES. me. Dec. i
New York $1,642,914,878 95.0
Boston 1S6.931.74S 20. S
Chicago 150.076.334 14.3
Philadelphia ... 140,943,766 90.6
St. Louis 43.S75.098 33.3
Pittsburg 40,152,140 25.4
Baltimore 23.674,876 13.5 ' - j
San Francisco 2i».331,0!!l * 1.1 ¦
Cincinnati 21.550,250 3S.9 ....
Kansas City 17,752,*S0 20.6 i
New Orleans 9,887, SOI 21.2 .... '
Minneapolis lf>.745,9«7 .... 18.6 i
Detroit 32.324.lfl8 52.4 " '
Cleveland 14,f,39,228 23.4
Louisville 8,625,504 .. :
Providence 6,447,300 6.0 i
Milwaukee 6,150,400 ? 4.6 ....
St. Paul 4,563,400 20.3 ....
Buffalo 6,367.633 '26.0 i
Omaha 6,592,577 2.7 ..
Indianapolis 8,427,228 30.4 ....
Columbus, 0 6,441,1(0 24.7 '
Savannah 2,349,557 10.6
Denver 4,432,893 9.9
Hartford 2,680,019 4.6 .... 1
Richmond 4,19,S.cr3 11.1 ....
Memphis 3,273.044 31.8 -...
Washington 2,844,396 ¦ 12.4,
Peoria 2,433.711 43.2
Rochester 2.S43.724 59.1 .... \
New Haven 1,759,764 19.0 ' ....
Worcester 1,475,544 22.1
Atlanta 1,800,196 24.8 '....
Salt Lake City 4,159,403 121.9
Springfield, Mass... 1,556,986 6.7 . .... |
Fort Worth 3,462.003 85.0
Portland, Me 1.310,071 23.7 ..n
Portland. Or 2,191,393 .... i
St. Joseph 5,451,071 2.2
Los Angeles 3,303,654 32.1 • .;..
Norfolk 1,375,441 - ....
Syracuse 1.019.120 .... • 4.1
Des Moines 1,671,435 18.0
Nashville 1,425.531 3.9 ....
Wilmington, Del... 1.138.548 9.0 ....
Fall River 810,051 22.3
I Scranton 1,231,092 ' 36.4
! Grand Rapids l,21n.3S4 5.0 ....
Augusta, Ga 768,628 16.3 ¦ ....
Lowell 674,903 13.4 ....
Dayton, 0 1,136,001 .... 3.5
Seattle 2,942,917 27.7
Tacoma 1.195.6S7 2.4
Spokane : 1,105.637 2.6 ....
Sioux City 1,242,643 3.9
New Bedford MS.788 12.1 ....
Knoxville, Tenn.... 637,924 7.0
Topeka 890,162 37.3
Birmingham ... 878,823 7.3 ~
Wichita I.: 460,530
Binfchamton 3S2.30O 9.7 ....
Lexington. Ky 438,249 24.4
Jacksonville, Fla.. 3r,9.997 40.8
Kalamazoo 383.S72 2.9 ....
Akron 672,400 47.0 ....
Wilkesbarre 708,044
Chattanooga 422,664 6.2 ....
Rockford. Ill 3X8,201 6.0 ....
Canton, O • 375,000 39.9 ....
Springfield. 0 318,485 , 9.6
Fargo, N D 345,191 11.6 ....
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 211,354 61.0
Fremont, Nebr 148,918 9.6 *....
Davenport 747.948 .... 14.7
Toledo 2,316,732 ' 8.9
Oalveeton 5,502,000 22.9 ¦ ....
Houston -"i, 413,321 49.1 ••....
Youngstown 435,111 21.1 ;
Macon, Ga 555,000 4.3
Little Rock • 519,2fi7 - 36.4 - ....
Evansville 710,769 ¦ . 20.7
Springfield. Ill 493.060 27.7 • '....
Bloomington 212.094 - 32.3 •
Wheeling 640.254 .... ....
Chester. Pa 278,533 .... ....
Colorado Springs... ". 889,622 l ....
Helena '-*, .648.997 .... 1.3
Totals, US. .-.-.:. S2.419&1, 049 ¦'.-,, 6G.3
Totals outside of . * * , -'.¦/
New York...... ,776,276.171; •• * 26.7 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal ....$ 'l7.727.536 24.4 ....
Toronto 11,710.753 7.3 .....
Winnipeg 2.0C3.729 • " .... 15.9
Halifax 1,758,727 19.5 : ....
Hamilton 79S.123 4.8 ....
St. John. N. B 810,720 . 1J.8
Vancouver.B. C... 1.131.938 . 28.8 ' ....
Victoria 611,529 2.0 *..•..
Quebec ...: 1,584,203 . ....
Total3 •$ 36,553,655 ! - 14.2 • ....
Bank Clearing's.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Temperature — 7 a. m., 53 degrees.
EASTERN MARKETS.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The pressure has fallen steadily over the Pa
cific Slope. The depression over New Mexico
will probably move northward, uniting with a
moderate low area now over the Upper Missouri
Valley.
The temperature has risen over the country
west of the Rocky Mountains. Conditions are
favorable for warmer weather Saturday.
JCo ran has fallen on the coast south of Port
land.
Northern California — Fair Saturday; warmer;
fresh northerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Saturday; warmer
Jn the Interior: light northerly wind.
Nevada— Fair Saturday; warmer; light north
erly winds. 4
Utah— Fair Saturday; warmer; light westerly
winds.
Arizona — Fair Saturday; warmer; fresh west
erly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
¦warmer; light northerly, changing to brisk'
westerly, winds, with fog at night.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
«** Forecast Official.
LIVERPOOL, June- 14.— Wheat— Spot, dull.
No. 2 red Western winter, 5s lid; No. 1 North
ern spring, 5s 10%d; No. 1 California, 6s %d.
Futures, dull; July, 6s 9%d; September, 5s 9%d.
Corn — Spot, dull; American mixed, new, 3s
10%d; do mixed, old, 4s 2%d. Futures, quiet;
July, 3s 10%d; September, 3s U%d.
Hops at London— Pacific Coast steady, £4@
£4 10s. . . . -V
•
CLOSING.
LONDON, June 14.— Consols. 93 15-16; silver,
27 7-16d: French rentes. lOlf 12%c@101f 17%c Car
goes on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 Stand
ard California. 29s 9d;- Walla Walla, 29s 3d;
English country markets, dull. -
LIVERPOOL, June 14.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
Standard California, 6s %d@6s Id; wheat in
Paris, quiet: flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, part cheaper; cotton, up
lands, 4 19-32d. .
Foreign Markets.
PORTLAND, June 14.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
59@60c.
OREGON.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA. June 14.— Wheat— Quiet and
steady; Bluestem. 61%c: Club, 59%c.
Nortfiern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or., June 14.— Clearings, $374,
196; balances, $72,545.
Portland's Business.
CHICAGO, June 14.— CATTLE— Receipts 13, -
000, Including 1500 Texans. Steady to slow.
Good to prime steers, J5 40@6 25; poor to me
dium, J4@5 30; stockers ¦ and feeders, $3@5 03;
cows and heifers. J2 70®5; bulls, J2 90@4 50;
calves J4 50@6 25; Texas steers, J4 15@5 40;
bulls. J2 75@3 75. ¦
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 22,000; to-morrow, 15,
000; estimated left over, 5000. Generally weak.
Mixed and butchers, J5 75@6 10; good to choice
heavy, J5 90@6 15; rough heavy, J5 75@5 85; light,
J5 75@-6 02%; bulk of sales, J5 95@6.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000. Steady; clipped and
wool lambs, steady. Good to choice wethers,
$3 90@4 25; fair to choice mixed, $3 65@4; West
ern sheep. J3 9O@4 25; yearlings, J4®4 40; native
lambs, J4®5 05; Western lambs, J4 65@5 05.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, June 14.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruits at auction to
day realized the following prices: Apricots —
Montgomery, single crates, 90c@$l 15, average
Jl 14; Royals, single crates, 85c@Jl 30, average
jl 13. Peaches— Alexanders, boxes, 65@80c, av
erage 70c. Plums — Clymans. single crates, 60®
65c, average 63c. Prunes — Tragedy, single
crates, $1 15@1 50. average Jl 33. Five cars sold
here to-day. * Favorable weather.
PHILADELPHIA, June 14.— The Eart Fruit
Company realized the following prices from
sale of California fruit at auction to
day: Cherries — Ring, boxes, average Jl 90:
Royal Annes, boxes, Jl 90@l 95, average Jl 91;
Tartarians, 85@95c, average 94c. Peaches—Al
exanders, boxes, Jl 05@l 20, average Jl 14. Ap
ricots—Silver, single crates. Jl 45; Royals, sin
gle crates, Jl 45@1 60, average Jl 54. Plums^ —
Clymans, 95c@$l 10, average Jl 01. Prunes-
Tragedy, single crates, average J2 40. Four
cars sold to-day. " Weather favorable.
NEW- YORK, June 14.-The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day,
and the following prices were realized: Apri
cots — Rcyals, $1 15@1 45, average $1 3L Peaches
—Alexanders, boxes, 15cS$l 15, average 91c.
Plums — Clymans, single crates, 70@S0c, average
79c; Red June, single crates, $1 20@l 65, aver
age $1 39. Prunes — Tragedy, single crates, av
erage SI 75; Climax, single crates, $4 62%.
Pears— Comet, boxes, average $2 65. Nine cars
sold to-day. Favorable weather.
California Fruit Sales.
X . --»
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 5 09% 5 09%
Closing 5 09% 5 09%
Y PARIS.
Wheat— June. Sept. -Dec
Opening .' 20 00 20 70
Closing 20 10 20 75 .
Flour-
Opening 23 05 2645
Closing 25 10 26 60
PAN FRANCISCO. June 14, 1901—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 3S, Mount Tamalpais 73, Independence
74. Red Bluff SS, Fresno SS, Los Angeles 76, Sac
cramento 86. San Luis Oblspo 70. San Diego 66.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
S3; minimum, 48: mean. 56.
(120th M«1dian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
'•California London layer raisins continue
•trong. Two-crown layers are believed to be
closely cleaned up. The principal holders of
J-crown layers are now asking $1 30@l 55. Loose
raisins are dull. Domestic unbleached Sul
tanas attract little attention here at the cut
to ate, f. o. b.. coast."
"Evaporated apples continue to advance. A
oale of prime was reported Saturday as high
¦e 6'sC with holders row asking 3 ic more.
Fancy and choice are firmer, with some trade
In fancy at quotations. Waste continues ex
ceedingly strong and active. A number of cars
of prime waste of last year's crop changed
hands during the week at $1 25. while one block
of five cars of 1S93 crop was sold in the week
at $1 20. Future prime apples were easier at
the close. One sale was made during the
week as high as 7%c. Future waste continues
very firm, sellers asking $2.
~ Mail advices from New York say:
Currants and evaporated apples attracted
most attention In the local market last week.
Both were very strong and showed considerable
activity. Sales of a number of round lots of
currants were made around 9%c for good
Amelias, with practically nothing of desirable
quality available Saturday at a less price.
Provincials are now reported well cleaned up.
one of the largest holders stating that his
supply of that grade is virtually exhausted.
Dealers report a very fair trade demand, the
business, however, running entirely to small
orders.
Dried Fruits in New York.
The London Grocers' Gazette of June 1
stntes that apricots have been more freely In
quired for In Liverpool, where an advance of
about 9d per dozen has been established. At
the tax of 7s per cwt. it means an advance in
the cost of apricots and green gages of Is 6d
per dozen, and. as nearly as possible, 7s per
case on Continental pulp and 4s 6s on Califor
nia pulp. There is a large, good inquiry for
pears and peaches. In both London and Liv
erpool there is an improved Inquiry for eal
mon.
English duty on fruits preserved in syrup
is as follows: Apricots, plums, green gages,
whole apricots and apricot pulp 7s per cwt.;
pears, peaches and pines. Is per cwt. The
duty is to be charged on the net weight of the
fruit In the tins and bottles. As a result ap- (
ricots are advancing in price, and if this con-i
tinues the consumption is likely to decrease,
with a resulting heavier movement in pears
and peaches. Green sages, whole apricots and
pulp are also advancing In price.
Canned Fruits in England.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
26,200 Atchison 87%
12.100 Atchison prefd 103%
6,200 Baltimore & Ohio 108%
3,100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 95
500 Canadian Pacific 104%
500 Canada Southern 70
2,700 Chesapeake & Ohio 49Ts
700 Chicago & Alton 46%
.800 Chicago & Alton prefd 81%
900 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 196%
4.200 Ch.l«ago Ind & Louisville 39
600 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 73%
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 130
2,?oO Chicago & Great Western. 23%
300 Chicago & Great Western A prefd... 83'/
2,7C0 Chicago & Great Western B prefd... 53 "
1.700 Chicago & Northwestern 2C3»-i
7,200 Chirago Rock Island & Pacific ..169Vi |
SCO Chicago Terminal & Trans 22%
l,0"0 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd 43's
?,000 C C C 4 St Louis.. S6S
400 Colorado Southern 15% I
600 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 52
1«H) Colorado Southern 2d prefd 23
200 Delaware & Hudson lt>7%
600 Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. 238 "
2,700 Denver & Rio Grande -52%
7,Si:0 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 102 ;
55.900 Erie 44 [
4,300 Erie 1st prefd ." 70%
1,500 Erie I'd prefd 57V*.
500 Great Northern prefd 185 -
mo Hocking Valley 54\i
100 Hocking Valley prefd 77%
1,200 Illinois Central 144
1,200 Iowa Central 36
300 Iowa Central prefd 64V4
100 Lake Erie & Western 59
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd 120
35,600 Louisville & Nashville 110%
16,500 Manhattan L, ex div 122%
4.W0 Metropolitan Street Railway 173Vi
ll.fcOO Mexican Qentral 28%
6,600 Mexicaw^Cational liy.
1,200 Minneapolis & St Louis. 86 "
25,300 Missouri Pacific 122%
4,900 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 31Vi
1.7C0 Missouri Kansas and Texas prefd... 64%
New Jersey Central 160
12,400 New York Central 157
2,600 Norfolk & Western 5414
Norfolk & Western prefd 89
Northern Pacific % 120
.- Northern Pacific prefd. ..1 98%
20,200 Ontario & Western 38%
26,300 .Pennsylvania : 152%
P C C & St Louis.... 76
27,100 Reading 46%
14,500 Reading 1st prefd 79> s
7.400 Reading 2d prefd 56%
1,200 St Louis & San Fran 4714
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd S4
1,200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd.. 73%
700 St Louis Southwestern 35ij
5,600 St Louis Southwestern prefd 69V
12.600 St Paul 174%
500 St Paul prefd 1S9
9.S0Q Southern Pacific 60»i
10,200 Southern Railway 33%
2,200 Southern Railway prefd 88'
7,100 Texas & Pacific 47^4
300 Toledo St Louis & Western 23%
Toledo St Louis & Western prefd 38
166,100 Union Pacific 112%
1,200 Union Pacific prefd 90%
1.200 Wabash 23%
2,200 Wabash prefd 43
6,200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 21
300 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 34
1,100 Wisconsin Central 23%
1,100 Wisconsin Central prefd'.... 45%
Express companies —
Adams 175
300 American 202
300 United States 92
Wells-Fargo 162
Miscellaneous—
36,200 Amalgamated Copper 122%
15.700 American Car & Foundry 33%
2,200 American Car & Foundry prefd..... 86%
100 American Linseed Oil 16
100 American Linseed Oil prefd 4SVi
4,100 American Smelting & Refln h'%
1.700 American Smelting & Refln prefd. .101
7,100 American Tobacco 134^
2,200 Anaconda Mining Co 49^
7,500 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 80%
18,000 Colorado Fuel & Iron 12414
3,100 Consolidated Gas 223
2,100 Continental Tobacco..... 68%
3,100 Continental Tobacco prefd 120%
300 General Electric 248%
10.300 Glucose Sugar 62»4
3,100 Hocking Coal 23%
l.oW International Paper ...23
1.100 International Paper prefd 77%
17,000 International Power 97 "
Laclede Gas ....' g4ii
300 National Biscuit 45^
2,200 National Lead ; 22%
National Salt '. 44%
100 National Salt prefd 771^
1.C00 North American ..4 9515,
2,100 Pacific Coast : 70
2.300 Pacific Mail 43
34,000 People's Gas hj,%
700- Pressed "Steel Car 45
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd 86
200 Pullman Palace Car ..203
14.700 Republic Steel 20%4
3,200 Republic Steel prefd 74%
14,200 Sugar .....143%
46,300 Tennessee Coal & Iron .:.. 67%
1,700 Union Bag and Paper Company.... 16%
Union Bag & Paper. Co prefd 72
200 United States Leather . ....14%
2,500 United States Leather prefd 79
500 United States Rubber 21
400 United States Rubber prefd 62 ;
41.700 United States Steel 43
17,100 United States Steel prefd .../. 9$Ti
19,700 Western Union 93%
1.105.400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS. •
II S ref 2s reg 106% N Y Cent lsts 108%
U S ref 2s coup... 107% N J Cent gen 5s.. .131%
U S 2s reg 108% N Pacific 3s 72%
U S 3s coup 109 X Pacific 4s 105%
U S new 4s. reg.. ..139 . N Y C & St L 4s.lO6%
U S new 4s coup.. 139 N & W con 4s 102%
U S old 4s reg.:..112% Or Nav lsts -.109
U S eld 4s coup. .-.113% Or Nav 4s... 103%
U S 5s reg 108% Or Short Line 68..129U
U S Zs coup 108% Or S Line con 6s... 119
Dist of Col 3.65s.. ..125 Reading Gen 4s.... 98%
Atchison gen 4s.. ..104 R G Western lsts.. 103
Atchison adj 4s.... 99 S L & I M con Ss.117 "
Canada So 2ds 108% S L & S F gen 6s.l36U
Ches & Ohio 4'/is..lOS St Paul cons 184
Ches & Ohio 5s.... 120 S P C & P lsts.... 118
C & NW con 7s.. ..142V. S P C & P 5s .119
C & NWSFdeb 5s.l22 So Pacific <s........ 93%
Thgo Terminal 4s.. 96% So Rsilway 5s 119'
Colo Southern 4s... X9% stand R & T 6s.... 63
5 , & 5 G 4s : 103V = Tex & Pac lsts.. -.118%
61^" 1 4f? — ' m/ * Tex & Pac Ms 99
F W & D C lsts...lO6% Union Pacific 4s.. 108%
Gen Electric 5s... .185% Wabash lsts
I o 1 a J? entral i" 318 --" 5 Wabash 2d» 111H
"NUni 4s 103% West Shore 4s.. .. 114%
M K & T 2ds ;. 86% wis Cent lsts...... 91%
M K & T 4s 99% va Centuries .:.:.. 96%
by the United States Steel Corporation. To
day's rumor made the rate of exchange with
Colorado Fuel 100, shares each of United States
Steel common and preferred for every 100
shares of Colorado Fuel. The movement in
Glucose was based on assertions that the ab
sorption of National Starch was near at hand.
The rise In the Readings had no other explana
tion than buying for Philadelphia account, and
in New York Central It was said that the exe
cution of a buying order for several thousand
shares found the supply of stock very scarce.
The advance of 2% In People's Gas was un
explained. The stock fell sharply in the re
action, but saved a net gain of a point. Amal
gamated Copper was feverish, rallying sharply
on the refusal of an injunction against the
purchase of other companies, but going off
again on the further announcement of a stay
pending an appeal to a higher court Mexican
Central, Mexican National and Louisville and
Nashville showed comparative firmness, al
theugh they were affected. The jump in the
call loan rate to 4% per cent late in the day
and the unexpected announcement of an en
gagement of $500,000 in. gold for shipment to
Germany, which, however, It subsequently ap
peared. Is not to go out to-morrow, were in
fluences In the selling movement and carried
suggestions of some such disagreeable surprise
in to-morrow's bank statement as that in last
Saturday's statement. Syndicate operations in
cident to the steel company's transactions in
Philadelphia, the continuance of payments on
subscriptions to Pennsylvania new stock and
preparations for next 'week's Standard Oil divi
dend payment may each, or all, have made
encroachment on banking reserves.
United States 3s registered declined *i per
cent on the last call.
The bond market- was irregular. Total sales,
$6,240,000.
-.Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet; No. 2 spring wheat. 72@73c; No. 3 do,
66%@67%c; No. 2 red. 72c; No. 2 corn. 41%@42c:
No. 2 yellow, 42c; No. 2 oats, 27%c; No. 2
white, 29c; No. '3 white, 27@28%c; No. 2 rye,
48c: good feeding barley. 42@47c; fair to choice
malting. 65®56c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 71@1 72; No.
1 Northwestern, $1 72%; prime timothy seed,
$3 65; mess pork, per barrel, $14 75<§>14 80; lard,
per 100 pounds,- $8 50@8 52%; short-rib sides
(loose), $7 90@8 10; dry salted shoulders (boxed).
$6 87%<S!7 12%; short clear sides (boxed). $3 45®
8 55. ; .
WASHINGTON, Jurfe" 14.— To-day's statement
of the treasury shows: Available cash balance
$166,463,230; gold, $94,901,115.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, June 14.— Money on call steady
at 2%@3% per cent; last loan and ruling rate,
3 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 3%@4%
per cent. Sterling exchange, strong, with ac
tual business In "bankers' bills at $4 8S'/i@4 88%
for demand and $4 85% for 60 days; posted rates.
$4 Se%@4 89; commercial bills, $4 85@4 85%; silver
certificates, 60c; bar silver, 59%c; Mexican dol
lars, 47%c. State bonds, inactive; Government
.Conds, easier; railroad bonds, irregular. '.•
New York Money Market.
LONDON. June 14.— Atchison. 89%: Canadian
Pacific, 107%; Union Pacific preferred, 94;
Northern Pacific preferred, 100; Grand Trunk,
11%; Anaconda, 10; United States Steel, 51%;
United States Steel preferred, 101%; bar sil
ver, steady, 27 7-16d per ounce; money, 1@2
per cent. .... . . . .
New York selling caused a partial relapse.
Union Pacific leading in the downward move
ment, as it had in the upturn, but the under
tone continued to be down. ¦ /. ¦•¦ • .
CLOSING.
The stock market was idle to-day, but there
was steady Investment buying' with some
hardening of quotations as the result of .yes
terday's action by the Bank of England In
lowering the discount rate. American stocks
were a trifle more active and cheerful with
Union Pacific leading. . «• -. <
NEW YORK. June 11— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
Money- West End'.......... 94%
Call loans 3 ©3% Westinghouse El... C8
Time loans 3%@4% Bonds— j
. Stocks^ Atchison 4s :...... .103%
A T & S F 87% N E Gas&Coke 5s. 59%
A T & S F prefd.103% Mining Shares-
American Sugar... 143 Adventure 17
Am Sugar prefd...l22 Bingham MinCo... 22
Am Telephone 152 Amalg Copper 123%
Boston & Albany.. 253^ Atlantic 32%
Boatcn Elevated... 181 Boston & Mont 460
Boston & Maine.. .194 Butte & Boston.. .113%
Chgo. Bur & Q....196VJ Calumet & Hecla.815
Dominion Coal 35% Centennial ......... 28%
Dom Coal 35% Franklin ..\... 17
U S Steel 49 Humboldt ,.. 25
U S Steel prefd 98% Osceola 87
Fitchburg Drefd ...143 Parrot 53-
Mexican Central... 28% Quincy ..172
N E Gas & Coke. 9V4 Santa Fe Copper. 62
Old Colony 206 Tamarack 330 '
Old Dominion 30% Utah Mining 29%
Rubber 20% Winona 2%
Union Pacific ....112% Wolverines 56
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 15|Llttle Chief 13
Alice «... 45 Ontario 8 50
£ reeoe 1 50 Ophir -.;...;..... 90
Brunswick Con 16 Phoenix 13
Comstock Tunnel... 06 PotOFi ; 07
£ On ,« Cal ., & Va 2 15 Savage V.VHrhl 07
Dead wood Terra.... 50 Sierra Nevada 20
Horn Si.ver 1 15 SmaJl Hopes '45
iron Silver 59 Standard 3 65
Leadvllie Con 05
Flour, qr ska.... 30,101 Sugar, ska «,««»
Wheat, ctls 1.281,197 Quicksilver flks 23
Barley, ctls 5.780 Hides, No' 537
Oats, ctls .-. 630 Pelts, bdls 349
Corn, ctls 40 Lime, bbls 183
Tallow, ctls .... 211 Wool, bales .... 145
Hay. tons 496 Middlings, sks... 55>
Straw, tons .... 35 Bran sks- 1,«4 ! »
Wine, gals 22,05!) Onions, sks 519
Leather, rolls ... 43 Potatoes, sks .. 2,210
Raisins, bxa .... 250 1
FOR FRIDAY. JUNE 14.
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed. 6.25c; Powdered. 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.85c: Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c: Fruit Granulated. 5.75c; Mag
nolia A. 5.35c; Extra C. 5.25c; Golden C. 5.15c;
barrels. 10c more: half-barrels. 25c more; box
es. 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more-. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Domlnos. half-barrels. 6.50c; boxes. 6.75c per lb.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in. bulk
12%c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 18%c; Astral. 18%c:
Star. 18%c; Extra Star. 22%c; Elaine. 2?%c:
Eocene, 20%c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 13c; In cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c
in cases. 20c; S6-degree Gasoline. In bulk, 20c-
In cases. 26c. ,
TURPENTINE— 55c per gallon In. cases and
49c In drums or iron barrels.
• SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags: .
OILS — California Castor Oil. In cases. No. i.
73c; pure. $1 30; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled.
75c; raw, 73c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels. 80c; cases. 85c; China
Nut. 53@63c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure. S5c;
Whale Oil, natural white. 37%@42%c per gal
lon: Fish Oil. In barrels. 35c: cases. 40a
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been six arrivals of coal from.
Washington, 15,602 tons; two from Oregon, 1040
tons; three from British Columbia, 11,553 tons,
one from Australia, 2205 tons; one from Balti
more, 3655 tons; total. 34.C64 tons'. The deliv
eries coming to hand this week are ample for
all Immediate demands, yet little, if any, will
go Into yard, as arrivals lately have been very
sparse. Every one in the trade is surprised
at the quantity of coal being shipped here,
still ' it has all found an outlet. Most of our
largest consumers have modified their machin
ery to enable them to utilize oil as a fuel sub
stitution for coal, yet It is barely perceptible
that there is any diminution in the coal out
put. It may safely be estimated that 750,000
tons of coal will be displaced this year by the
fuel ¦ oil production In California, and this
amount will be Increased to one million tons in
1902, provided low oil values prevail. In mak
ing these figures I am presuming that our
present labor troubles will not last much long
er. " At the same time our colliery proprietors
in Washington and British Columbia are find
ing sale for their entire output, which is un
questioned evidence that the fuel demand for
steam energy mainly is Increasing Immensely.
Prices remain unchanged; oil Is a check to any
advance on coal, hence Its advent into tbia
market has been - a great boon to the manu
facturer."
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45
per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to
brand.
GRAIN BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 65; Cal
cutta Grain Bags. 7%c; local make, %c Ies3
than Calcuttas; "Wool Bags, 30@34c; Fleece
Twine. 7%@8c.
General Merchandise.
Hogs continue quiet, as the packers. In view
of the strike, are buying less than the usual
quantity. The quotations for Beef and Mut
ton have not yet been affected by the butch
ers' strike, though they probably will be If It
keeps up very long. .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— ",@V£c for Steers and 6@6%c per lb for
VEAL— Large. 7%@8c: small. 8©9c per lb:
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@8c; Ewes, 6%@7c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 8(g9c per pound.
¦ PORK— Live Hogs, ISO lbs and under. 8@6%c;
ISO to 225 lbs. 6c; 225 and over. 5%®5%c: feed
ers. ; dressed Hogs. 7%®3%c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 1%C under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers 10%c; medium. 9@9%c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides' 8V 2 ©9c for heavy and 8@8%c for light;
Stags.' 6%" Salted Kip 9%c; Salted Veal
94©l6c: Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides 16©ls^ c:
Culls 13V.©14c: Dry Kip,. 16c: Dry Calf. is^ 9
17c- Culls Tand Brands. 13@14c:^Sheep S kln^
shearlings. 15@30c each; short Wool. 30@30c
each; medium. 60@73c: lon ? Wool sOcgn
Mich- Horse Hides* salt, $2 o0@2 7o for lars»
an* $2 25 for medium $1 50@l 75 for small and
50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large,
$1 50 for medium. $1 25 for small and 50c for
Colts Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 35c;
fall or medium .skins. 30c: winter or thin skins,
«0c Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth 50c: medium. 35c.
™ ALLOW-No. 1 rendered. 4%@5o per lb; No.
* 2ViS4c crease 2@2%c. • '
"'wObL-^Spring, 19C0 or 1901-Humboldt and
Mendocino. 12@14%c per lb: Northern, free. 12©
13c- defective. 9@Uc: Middle County, free. 10®
lie- do defective, 8@10c; Southern. 12 months.
8S9*c- Southern, free. 7 months, 7@10c: do. de
fective 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine.
Mftloc' do medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice. ll®13c: do. fair to good. 9@Uc;
Nevada, lie.
HOPS— 15@20o per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
¦ The market continues firmly held at about
the same quotations. The demand is fair.
CXIRED MEATS— Bacon, 12e per lb for heavy
l»V.Sl3c for light medium, 13%c for Ilpht. 14%o
for extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; East,
era sugar-cured Hams. 12%@13c; Mesa Beef. tu
per barrel; extra Mess. $12 50; Family. $n 50;
Srlme Mess Pork. $15; extra clear. $23; Mess.
IIV Smoked Beef 13%@14c per lb.
LARD-Tierces quoted at 6*c per lb for com
pound and 10%c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
£m®10%c: 10-lb tins, 11® 1114c; 5-lb tins. u% c .
COTTOLENE-One half -barrel. 9%c; three
haif-barreU. 9%c: one tierce, 9%c; two tierce*.
9c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.-
Provisions.
for light amber; water white extracted. 5@5%c;
light amt>e7 extracted. 4@4%c; dark. 3%c.
BEESWAX-25@2Sc per lb.
.69% '68% 68%
%.... .... 42
42% 41% 42%
43% 43 43%
'40 39% 40
27tf 26% 27
25% £ 25% 25%
14 72%
14 92% 14 87% 14 87%
8 55 8 50 8 50
8 62% 8 57% 8 57%
8 65 8 57% 8 60
mds —
8 05 8 02% 8 05
8 12% 8 07% 8 07%
High. Low. Close.
70% ',.69% 69%
71 • I70H 70»4
Articles — Open.
Wheat No. 2—
June 70%
July •- 70%
September 69%
Corn No. 2 —
June ............... ....
July 43
September ,. 43%
December .*; 39Vi
Oats No. 2—
July 27
September 25%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
July
September 14 90
Lard, per 100 pounds-
July — 8 52V4-
September 8 60
October 8 60
' Short Ribs, per 100 pou
July 8 05
September ; 8 10
Piglron production on June 1 was at the
rate of 314,505 tons weekly, according to sta
tistics compiled by the Iron Age. This is
about the anticipated increase for May and
establishes a new high-water mark. An In
teresting feature of the situation is the de
crease of furnaces on blast to 252, which is 41
less thaji were actively employed February 1,
1900, when the weekly output was 298,014 tons.
Although new orders for piglron have been
light In recent weeks. . actual .deliveries on old
contracts must have reached I a heavy total,
for furnace stocks June 1 were but 407,273
tons, a decrease of , 30,565 tons during May.
Conditions in this industry must be satisfac
tory if material Is taken faster than It can
be produced, notwithstanding . a new record
of output for the month. Prices are easier,
Bessemer pig showing a loss compared
with the quotation in February - . last
year, when the production was near pres
ent figures. This absence of inflation in prices
is the best symptom in the market and pre
cludes a possibility of a oollapse like last
year. In finished products there Is great ac
tivity owing to the large amount of ¦ goods
to be delivered July 1. There Is noted espe
cially urgency for immediate shipment by con
sumers of plates, bars and structural shapes,
the activity in building operations showing
no diminution. . ' '
Seasonal weather has somewhat aroused the
dry goods markets. Forwardlngs of footwear
from Boston have averaged over 100,000 cases
weekly for some time and shops are well en
gaged. Prices arc steady. Scarcity of heavy
sole leather sustains prices, but light weights
are in full stock and well sustained.
Wheat .declined to a more reasonable level
with withdrawal of speculative support. The
Government report of conditions on June 1
was chiefly responsible. Exports of the At
lantic for the week, flour Included, were. 2,
935 983 bushels, as against 4,520,144 bushels in
the previous week and 3,081,926 bushels the
same week last year. _
Failures for the week numbered 179 Iff the
United States against 162 last year and 23 in
Canada against 21 last year.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, June 14.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will eay:
Confirmation by the Agricultural Bureau of
recent private estimates of the wheat crop
has given to business a tone of ' greater con
fidence. Retail operations, both East and
West, are larger and distribution of mer
chandise by the wholesale trade is increasing
in dry goods and boots and shoes. The labcr
situation is gradually mending, with the ap
preciation of the fact that in some directions
'manufacturers will be glad of a temporary
shut down of works.
From July 1 to date this season wheat ex
ports ere 203,623,383 bushels, against 191,834,956
bushels last season, and 219,446,758 bushels in
1898-99.
Failures for the week in the United States
number 188, against 163 last week, and 180 in
this week a year ago, 150 in 1899, 207 In 1898
and 226 in 1897.
Canadian failures for the week number 17,
against 24 last week, 23 in this week a year
ago, 25 in 1S99 and 19 In 1898.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 4,791,107 bushels, against 6.G44,
644 last week, 4.678,029 in the corresponding
week of 1800, 2,799,971 in 1S39 and 4,396,787 in
1S9S.
Efforts of heavy leather manufacturers to
secure advances on these goods have driven
some of the trade to lighter markets which are
more active. All Western markets report heavy
sole leather firm and tending upward. Hides
are strong and the margin between the raw
and unfinished product Is a narrow one.
Shoe shipments from Eastern markets for the
week have again passed the 100,000 case mark,
despite the . fact that the factories are about
through with their work on summer orders.
For the season shipments are now 118,000 cases
ahead of last year.
Machinery manufacturers are cautious as to
contracting ahead In view of stock uncertain
ties.
The feature in iron and steel is the enlarged
demand for Bessemer pig Iron at Pittsburg for
July and . August delivery, with reports that
the ' largest Interest, the United States Steel
Corporation, is buying heavily in the open
market. In finished lines the feature Is .the
enlarged inquiry and demand for bars and
plates at Chicago and the advance of $2 per
ton noted In the latter. After a long absence
agricultural implement manufacturers are in
the market for some good-sized lots. Wire and
wire goods are in heavy demand and deliveries
are behind hand.
Reports to Bradstreet's show a further_ im
provement In the volume and tone of distribu
tive trade, which had its ' inception in the bet
ter weather and crop conditions. Following
the check given to the crop damage enthusiasts
by the June crop report, which can hardly be
regarded as other than brilliant for wheat,
comes assurances that the conditions of June
1, good as they undoubtedly were, have been
further improved. . What is true of the smaller
cereals is also largely the case as to corn,
though the latter Us backward and needs
warmth. A better business Is noted In some
lines of men's wear woolens and some makes
of cheaper goods are reported heavily ordered
ahead. While the cereals are lower on good
crop reports, quick support has come from the
export demand, which has been the largest for
weeks, past, and the decline has been temporar
ily, at least, arrested. One of the most satis
factory features of ¦ all is, that after | quite a
period of dullness pig iron has been taken* more
freely at leading markets and bars and plate
have sold better/ the latter even noting an ad
vance. Pig iron production is shown to be pro
ceeding at an •, unprecedented rate, but con
sumption appears to wait promptly upon out
put. Railroad earnings continue In diminished
volume end the only decidedly unfavorable fea
ture deserving attention Is the failure of the
machinists' strike to be amicably adjusted, the
prospect being in fact that the. contest will
be a long drawn out one.
NEW YORK, June 14.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: ¦
Bank of England rate reduced to 3 per cent. ¦
Shipment of $86,496 to China..
Exdiange and Silver show no change.
Wheat and Barley quiet and easy.
Oats, Corn and Rye very dull and unchanged.
Hay weakening again, under larger receipts'
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes lower under larger stocks. Onions and Vegetables"un
changed.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted. . .
All fresh fruits in good supply. Dried Fruits dull.
No further change in Provisions.
Meat market not yet affected by the strike: \
Business rather better on the local stock exchanges.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Brddstreet's on • Trade.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
will average well and that Argentina will have
a big crop to harvest. This started moderate
selling, in which -the commission houses led,
and the decline wag uninterrupted to the close,
which was weak and %c lower at 70^@70«4c
. An improvement in the shipping demand
helped the corn market, the July delivery be
ing in good demand by elevator people. Trade
was dull. July closed %c higher at 42%@42%c.
• Oats were quiet and fairly steady. ' July
closed steady and He lower at 27c. ¦ -
i Provisions were very quiet, with little busi
ness _ doing. July pork closed 2Vsc down, lard
unchanged; and ribs 2%@5c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
' Apples * continue to advance- In : New York,
the crop there being very light. Some Impor
tant districts report hardly enough for home
consumption, owing to cold rains in the spring
The local market continues lifeless and un
changed. There has been very intle bu^n...
fi n rmTy W heir C ° tS . UP tO ** App1 " 8 5SSS
sun dried,- lH@2V4c; Peaches, 3%@4c for stfnrt'
ard. 4%@5%c for choice and 6@6%c for fa^rv"
Pears. 2@7c; Plums, pitted. 3® 4c- unpitted TOi
»4<j- e *ectarlnes. 4©4%c for V& aKgfc J®
PRUNES — 4 »!zes, 3c; 4O-5Os KWe- sn-eiw Air
S«^^ : •«*SWft!& SKI
Thompson' » n fancy, 12c per lb; choice 11?
standard. 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached TOn^JL
son's. 9c per lb. SuItanai-FancTloSc^r^h^
choice. . 9Hc; standard. 8*c- prime 8c^ Mn'
bleached Sultanas. 8c: Seedless 50-ib boJ £T
6%c- 4-crown. 7c: S-crown.^^;' 2-crowS? Ic"
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 5c- 3-crown ki/T. - j
4-crown. 5%c; seeded^ (F^s^p&e,^'
London Layers. 2-trown, . n m ner wm'
crown. $1 60; Fancy Clusters. $2; Dehesa^« £¦
Imperials, »3. All prices f. o. b. at common
shipping points in California " common
NUTS— Walnuts, . No. 1 softshell llfliiuo*
No. 2. 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell. 10@i6%" No V
6%<37Hc; Almonds. 13@14c for paper-lheli 1 10®
lie for eoftshell and 5@6 for harfshell - Pea?
nuts. 5©6c for Eastern; Braail N«» uamS
8 - ®^ C: PeCa f S> H® 1301 CpcoVnms.-
HONEY-Comb,:10@Uc for bright and 9®9}i«
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
¦MELONS — Watermelons from Indlo. 2S@50c
apiece; Nutmegs, from Yuma, $1 25@3 per. crate
CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges. Jl 23@3-
Seedlings, Jl@l 75; Mediterranean Sweets $125
@1 75; Valencias, $1 50@3; Tangerines, 50c@$l 25-
Lemons. 75c@$l 25 for common and $1 5002 sn
for good to choice; Grape Fruit, 50c<5$l 50- Mex
lean Limes. J4@5; Bananas, $1 50S2 50 per bunch
for New Orleans and $1 50® 2 for Honolulu-
Pineapples. J2@4, per dozen. *
GOOSEBERRIES — 30®33c per drawer and 2©
2%c In bulk; Oregon Improved, 2%@31r'c; Eng
lish, per lb. \ „
CURRANTS— $3<3« per chest.
FIGS— From Vacavllle, , per box; from
Yuma, $2 50 per crate.
LOGAN BERRIES— $i@6 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $3 50@6 per chest and 65®
73c per crate.
RASPBERRIES— $5@8 per chest and E0c@$l
per crate.
STRAWBERRIES— $5@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3 50@6 for large berries. Receipts
were 295 chests.
PLUMS— 12%@35c per box. 20@40c per crate
and 12%@25c per basket for Clyman, and 50®
90c per crate for Tjagedy. -
CHERRY PLUMS— 20@35c per box.
PEACHES— 25@65c per box and 25®>40c per
basket.
PEARS — Madelines, 15@33c per box and 12%
«§25c per basket.
CHERRIES— E0c@$l for dark and 60c@$l for
Royal Anne; 'In bulk, 5<gSc per lb for black,
4@5c for red and 6@Sc for Royal Anne.
- APPLES— Cold storage, old. $1 23@2 50 per
box; new, 20@10c per small and 5Oc@Jl per large
box. and 15<g30c per basket.
APRICOTS— 35<g>50c per box, 40@«5c per crate
and 25@50c per basket.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
The canners bid - $2 50 per chest for Logan
Berries, but could not get any at this figure.
More Seedless Grapes came In from Tumi
and brought $2 B0@3 per crate. Those received
Thursday sold at $3 50@4.
There was not much change in berries, the
market being well. supplied with all sorts.
Supplies of Apples, Pears, Plums. Peaches
and Apricots I continue large and prices are
weak, though 'not materially lower. -
There was no Orange auction yesterday. The
Orange market Is now quoted dull and weak,
owing to the abundance and cheapness of the
summer fruits. Lemons and Limes have not
changed much for weeks..
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
California Gathered— Selected, 15c; standard,
12%c; seconds, .
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 8c; choice.
7%c; common, nominal;' Young Americas, 9c;
Eastern, full cream. 15@16%c per lb.
EGGS— • 2
California Ranch— Selected White, 17%c;
mixed colors, 15c per dozen.
Dairy— Extras. 16c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, 13c.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts. 16c; seconds.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery. 17%@18c per lb ' for
fancy and 16%@17c for seconds; dairy. 14@16%c
per lb. • .
CHEESE— New, S@9c; old, nominal; Young
Americas. 9@10c per lb. .
• EGGS— Ranch, 15@18%e for good to fancy;
store, 12%@14%c per dozen. - - • *
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS,
All descriptions remain without change. But
ter continues In good supply, though stocks are
by no means excessive, and fine creameries arc
firm, while the medium and lower grades are
still easy. Cheese continues In large supply
and weak. Fine Eggs are firm at the recent
advance, though there Is no scarcity, and
medium and lower grades are plentiful. - . .
Receipts were 67,700 pounds and 340 tubs of
Butter, 1008 cases of Egga. cases Eastern
Eggs, 17,300 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8®9cc for Gobblers
and 10@llc for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@1 25;
Goslings, $1@1 25; Ducks, $3 50@4 for old
and J4@5 for young; Hens. $3 50@4; young
Roosters, $6@8; old Roosters, J3@3 50; Fry
ers, $4; Broilers, $3(33 50 for large and $175
@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen
for old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs. ' .
GAME— Hare, $1@1 25; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for
Cottontail and 75c@Jl for Brush.
Th'e Poultry market shows no change, fine
large young stock selling well and Hens and old
stock being weak . and dull. Old Roosters and
Fryers were lower. ¦= . • . \ . ¦ . - •
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 25@75c -s>er box;
Asparagus, $1 75@2 for large, $1 25@1 50 per box
for No. 1 and 50@75c for No. 2; Green Peas, $1®
1 50 per sack; String Beans, 2@4c; Cabbage,
60<g>75c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Los Angeles.
75c@$l; from Winters, 73c®Jl; Dried Pep
pers, 12@18c; Dry Okra. 15@20c per lb; Car
rots, 25@35c per sack; Marysville Cucumbers,
$1 25 per box;. Winters, $1 50@l 75; Bay. $3; Gar
lic, 3@4c: Green Peppers, 15©25c per lb; Egg
Plant, 6@10c per lb: Green Corn. Jl@2 per sack:
Summer Squash, 40@60c per box; Bay do, $1
@1 25. . ' . ' » • , .
ONIONS— Australians, Jobbing, at $3 75©4:
New Red. 30@55c per sack; New Yellow, 90c@
$1 10 per ctl. -
POTATOES— Burbanks; JlflBl 40 for Oregon:
New Potatoes, $1©1 10 in' sacks and $1@1 50 for
Burbanks and 90c@$l 15 for Early Rose in boxes.
Vegetables run along about the same, the
market being well supplied with almost all
kinds. ¦ •• .
Potatoes. are now In larger supply and prices
are still lower.' There is no particular change
in Onions.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50@3; Canary. 3%f?
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 20
2%c: Hemp. 3%c; Timothy. 6%c. .
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 60 per CtL
BEANS-Bayos. $2 45@2 60; Small White. $4 SO
©5: Large White. $404 20; Pink. $1 40@l 70;
Red. $3@3 25; Blackeye. $3 10@3 25; Limas. $6 25
@6 35: Pea, nominal: Red Kidney. $4 75 per ctl.
. Prices for Beans have shown no change of any
consequence for weeks. The market continues
dull.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— New, $8@10 for Wheat.' $7 60®9 BO for
Wheat and Oat and J4@7-5O for Volunteer. Old
Is quoted as follows: ' Volunteer, $5®S; Wheat.
$11 50@13; Wheat and Oat, $10@12; Oat, $9@H 50;
Clover, nominal; Alfalfa, $8@9 50; Barley, nom
inal, r>er ton.
STRAW— 25@47%c per bale.
BRAN— $17(0)18 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $13 50<S20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16 50@17 M
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J25026: lob
bing. $26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17013: Corn Meal.
$28@29; Cracked Corn. $28 50@29 50; Mixed Feed.
$1« 50^17 K0. - ¦ ' '
The first medium grade new wheat and oat
Hay came in yesterday and sold at $7 50@S 50
per ton. Heretofore the arrivals of this de
scription have been first class. The market
is weakening and $13 is now the - top for old
Hay. Feedstuff s remain as before quoted.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MTLLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, S3 per 100 lbs;, Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3; ex
tra cream do, $3 75; Oat Groats.- $4 75; Hominy,
$3 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, Si©4 25; Cracked
Wheat, J3 50; Farina., $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, |3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). JS 35@7 S3;
In sacks, $6@7 50; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas.
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. .
FLOUR — California Family extras, J3 25@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15® 3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers. $2 73
@3.
Flour and Millstuffs.
and is still quiet. Small round Yellow, $150;
Eastern Yellow. $127%@130; White. $130;
mixed, $1 27%. • :
RYE— Dull and weak At 75@80c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at .$1 65 per ctl.
Interests and the bull people j temporarily sus
pended the support which they had been giving
to. their specialties.. There was, however, | an
absence of selling pressure and holders of
stocks seemed encouraged to keep their spe
cialties on the prospects of good crops and the
abundance of capital. . -.'..,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 15, 1901.
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 28,000 12,000
Wheat, bushels '89.000 ' 91,000
Corn, bushels 225,000 807,000
Oats, bushels ....181,000 449.000
Rye, bushels 3,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 5,000, .....;.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, 15@17%c;' dairy,
13@16%c. Cheese, steady, 8%@10%c Eggs,
fresh, 10%c. - -
*0
Foreign Futures. •
THE COAST RECORD.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued oa Page Thirteen*
At the beginning of the present week prices
showed an inclination' to sell off, the unusually
favorable bank statement of last Saturday hav
ing created a feeling of hesitation. This does not
seem that this extended to the larger class of
stock operators, and it was well understood in
banking circles that the heavy Increase of $21,
000,000 -In the loans last week was, the result
of special causes. Public participation was,
however,' lessened and the trading element on
the floor-of the Stock Exchange "was/encour
aged to sell the market to some extent.*; The
Government crop report; which appeared after
the close on Monday, was construed favorably
and the conclusion drawn from it was ¦ that
the '.Western railroads will again enjoy a sea
son of heavy traffic and large earnings. This
, led to support being again i extended ' to the
granger and Pacific stocks, while the street was
bulllshly impressed by further intimations of
coming deals • in connection - with important
railroad properties. ,- The -.fact- that money
failed to harden appreciably also had an effect,
and while the short Interest, which had been
created was not large, covering by the I pro
fessionals appeared on a scale sufficiently large
to materially help the : upward movement.
Lacking as the market does • any large degree
of outside help or public buying, . it - was • In
clined at times . to become rather, dull and to
sell off slightly, particularly when the large
¦ NEW YORK, June 14.— Braidstreet's financial
review to-morrow will say:.. •
10
Chicago Grain Market.
STATIONS.
o
a
sr
** S* C
rex re 2. *s
: 3 : s a,-
2
S"2.
| P
Astoria 30.14 56 48 SW Cloudy 0
Baker 30.00 64 3S N Pt Cldy 0
Carson 29.98 72 38 N Clear 0
Hureka 30.12 5S 4S JTW Clear 0
¦Fresno 29.S6 88 56 XW P^ Cldy O
Flagstaff 29.98 .. 30 N Pt Cldy 0
Pocatello. Idaho... 29.90 68 S6 W Clear 0
Independence 29.S2 T4 50 N Pt Cldy 0
Ix>B An^elCE 29.90 76 50 W Clear 0
Phoenix 59.74 86 60 W Oear 0
Portland 30.10 64 4% XW Cloudy T.
n*d Bluff 29.90 SS 60 N Clear 0
Roseburg 30.04 76 4S NE Clear 0
Sacramento 29.90 86 54 SW Clear 0
Salt J^ake 29.90 64 46 W Clear 0
Pan Francisco 29.98 62 4S SW Pt Cldy 0
Fan Luis Obispo...Z).9S 70 42 N Clear 0
Fan Diego 29.94 C6 56 XW Clear 0
Seattle 30.14 ZS 48 XE Cloudy T.
Hpckan<» 29.96 64 44 W Cloudy .OS
Xeah Bay 30.14 50 46 SE Rain .13
Walla Walla 29.98 74 48 SW Pt Cldy 0
AVlnnemucca 29.94 70 32 XW Clear 0
Vuma 29.76 92 58 SW Clear O
STATIONS.
o
a
sr
** S* C
rex re 2. *s
: 3 : s a,-
2
S"2.
| P
Astoria 30.14 56 48 SW Cloudy 0
Baker 30.00 64 3S N Pt Cldy 0
Carson 29.98 72 38 N Clear 0
Hureka 30.12 5S 4S JTW Clear 0
¦Fresno 29.S6 88 56 XW P^ Cldy O
Flagstaff 29.98 .. 30 N Pt Cldy 0
Pocatello. Idaho... 29.90 68 S6 W Clear 0
Independence 29.S2 T4 50 N Pt Cldy 0
Ix>B An^elCE 29.90 76 50 W Clear 0
Phoenix 59.74 86 60 W Oear 0
Portland 30.10 64 4% XW Cloudy T.
n*d Bluff 29.90 SS 60 N Clear 0
Roseburg 30.04 76 4S NE Clear 0
Sacramento 29.90 86 54 SW Clear 0
Salt J^ake 29.90 64 46 W Clear 0
Pan Francisco 29.98 62 4S SW Pt Cldy 0
Fan Luis Obispo...Z).9S 70 42 N Clear 0
Fan Diego 29.94 C6 56 XW Clear 0
Seattle 30.14 ZS 48 XE Cloudy T.
Hpckan<» 29.96 64 44 W Cloudy .OS
Xeah Bay 30.14 50 46 SE Rain .13
Walla Walla 29.98 74 48 SW Pt Cldy 0
AVlnnemucca 29.94 70 32 XW Clear 0
Vuma 29.76 92 58 SW Clear O
AUCTION SALES
SALE POSTPONED^
TO-DAY (Saturday). June 15 -•••AT 11 A. M.
At Salesyard. 35 Dore St.. bet. 9th and 10th
sts.. bet. Howard and Folsom sts.— Carload of
Young and Gentle Horses, ranging in weight
from 1000 to 1500 lbs., several matched teams
and one fine coupe horse. These horses will
be 80ld Wn l OU M. 11 s m cOTT £ Caf-Auctlonser,.THE LATE CHARLES McCLEVER
TY, PIONEER STABLEMAN AND
FORMER SHERIFF OF ALAMEDA.
ROME, June 14. — In the Chamber of
Deputies to-day Signor Prinetti, Minister
of Foreign Affairs, made a long speech in
explanation of the Government's foreign
policy.' He declared ftiat every effort was
being made to render the relations be
tween Italy and the Latin-American
states,' whither most Italian emigrants
went, _ cordial, adding that • the Latin-
American states had a brilliant future.
Regarding China Signor Prinetti said
nothing remained but to determine the
method of paying ' the Indemnity, i the
amount' of which had been fixed.
Italy, he announced,, would abstain for
the present from any modification of the
tariff, so as not to throw difficulties in
the way of renewing the commercial
treaties with Germany and Austria. He
emphasized Italy's adhesion to the. triple
alliance." ¦ ' . ,
"Year by' year," he continued, "the
triple . alliance . has proved ' its padflcal
check, while not. adding to Italy's ' mili
tary expenditure and not preventing cor
dial commercial relations with France, as
has been plainly. manifested' by the dem
onstration at Toulon." - . f
• He then declared in favor of the pres
ervation of the status quo in the Tripoli
religions, and asserted that there was no
reason to anticipate any disturbance of
the balance of power in the Mediterra
nean. - In the course of an eloquent pero
ration he expressed the greatest confi
dence - and hopefulness as to the future
of Italy;. , . . , • --: • v '. - ,
During the discussion which followed the
speech the ¦ Foreign Minister' announced
the' Government's intention to open nego«
tiations with the United States and Rus
sia. .' - .-. ¦ ¦ '¦•'¦¦¦ ¦ . ¦
¦ The galleries were crowded and the
Signor Prinetti Says He
Expects No Trouble
in Albania. "
STATES ITALY'S
FOREIGN POLICY
OAKLAND, June 14.— Professor Albin
Putzker, associate professor of, German
literature at the University of California,
acted as his own: lawyer in the. Police
Court to-day and lost n!s case. He had
been arrested by Officer Ely for riding on
the sidewalk past some Inmates of>-the
State Home for the Adult Blind, violating
a city ordinance which provides that cy
clists shall dismount before passing peded
trians on the sidewalk. :
¦ ' Professor Putzker contended that the
men were not on the sidewalk at'the time
he passed them and that Policeman Kly
did not actually see him pass them. The
Rev. James Curry of Temescal, who was
also arrested, • and . Dr. . J. / C. Gilbertaon
¦were expected to corroborate the profes
sor's testimony, but they did not and
Judge Smith was compelled to find him
guilty. He was fined $2.
PUTZKER ACTS ' AS HIS
OWN LAWYER AND FAILS
PARIS, June 14. — Dispatches received
herefrom Peking to-day say the foreign
Ministers are . considering fresh proposals
from Mr. Rockhill, affecting the Chinese
concessions looking to the payment of the
Indemnity; The propositions concern
minor matters and may or may; not be
accepted, but .until they are disposed of
the Ministers will' not pronounce a decis
ion as to the manner in which China is to
pay the powers, -though It is settled that
the British proposal will be accepted; all
hope of the acceptance of the United
States' suggestion ' to submit the matter
>to arbitration* at The Hague seeming to
have disappeared. r , .
Rockhill Makes Fresh
Proposals to Foreign
• Ministers.
WOULD LIGHTEN
CHINA'S BURDEN
Deceased pioneer was born in Canada
fifty -seven years ago. At the age of x7
years he came to California, settling in
Oakland, which was his home for nearly
OAKLAND, June 14.— Charles Mc-
Cleverty, former Sheriff of Ala
meda County, a leader In Demo
cratic politics and a pioneer sta
bleman of this city, passed away
at 10:15 o'clock this morning at his resi
dence, 1257 Harrison street. His illnes3
took a serious turn two. weeks ago, blood
poisoning having set in from the ampu
tation of his right leg in February. Two
years ago Mr. McCleverty was thrown
from a buggy in a runaway accident, sus
taining severe injuries.' His. right knee
was hurt so badly that after a year and
a half of much suffering he consented to
the surgical operation. But his general
system was so run down that the shock
and subsequent complications were too se
vere. - -
SHERIFF. FATALLY ' SHOT
BY DESPERATE PRISONER
ably Be Lynched if Cap
tured.
Assailant Is at Large and Will Prob-
FORT MORGAN,- Colo., June 14.— As a
result of a daring jail break here last
night from the Morgan County jail Sher
iff A. J. Calvert Is lying at death's door
and his assailant. Harry Simington, alias
Frank Gibson, who was a prisoner, is at
large with a posse numbering fully 100
men looking for him. On opening the
door, leading into the jail Calvert was
shot in the face by Simington, who had
secured a revolver and ammunition from
the Sheriff's, desk yesterday when allowed
the freedom of the Jail corridor. Another
prisoner, George Smith, who attempted to
escape at the time Simington did, was
driven back into the jail at the point of a
gun by Deputies Russell and Baker.
At a meeting of the County Commis
sioners this morning a reward of 1200 was
offered for the capture of Simington. A
mass meeting of citizens was also held
and the reward was increased to $300. The
search for Simington still continues in all
directions. If captured he will probably
be lynched.
KAISER LEADS CAVALRY
IN A RTF A iff BATTLE
Twelve Regiments Make a Charge
Against an Imaginary
Enemy.
BERLIN, j June 14.— After an arduous
day's work Emperor "William left Kiel
last night at 10 o'clock, arriving in Berlin
at 6 this morning. He immediately
mounted a horse and proceeded to the
Tempelhof field, where he met the Em
press, also on' horseback, with her suite",
while twelve splendid cavalry regiments,
including the cavalry division of the
Guards, were drawn up for drill and sham
fights. At 5:30, with the thermometer only
a few degrees above freezing point, the
battle began. •• ' J 'f/±*
. The spectacle was grand. , It was an at
tack upon an enemy represented by the
Emperor Alexander II. The uhlan regi
ment was near Britz. The scene was in
spiring, as eight cavalry regiments thun
dered along, with lance at hip, the Em
peror always leading.
To-night the Emperor will leave lor
Kronberg to visit the Dowager Empress
Frederick. &&&&&**
GERMANS ATTACK CZECHS
ANT> WRECK THEIR. HOMES
tho Military to Restore
It "Was Found Necessary to Call Out
Order.
LONDON, June 15.— "A mob of Ger
mans attacked . a handful of Czechs at
Leitmeritz," says the "Vienna correspond
ent i of the Daily Express, "where it had
been arranged that Emperor Francis
Joseph should go Monday. The Germans
violently - assauUed the Czechs and
wrecked their houses. Finally the mili
tary were called out .to protect the
Czechs." . '-••:• - " ,
Inhales Illuminating Gas.
CLEVELAND, June 14.— George Balrd.
local cashier for the New York Ufe In
surance Company, committed suicide last
night by inhaling illuminating ga3 in his
room. \ . . ¦ ' ¦ * ' ¦ ..»
German, Russian and Austro-Hungarian
Embassadors were present. Tha keenest
interest was displayed. Slgnor Prinettl
asserted that neither Austria nor Italy
would attempt to obtain the upper hand
in Albania. : He denied that there waa
any coolness in. the . relations ' between
Great Britain and Italy, and gave it to
be - understood - that Great Britain • would
assist Italy in opposing any Interference
with Jtallan Interests in . the Mediterra
nean, and that Italy would only renew
the triple 'alliance provided she could ob
tain advantageous commercial treaties.
Ends Life l?y Hanging.
DES MOINES. June 14.— Senra W. Haz
ard, city passenger agent of the Chicago
Northwestern Railway, was, found hang
ing ta a rafter in ', the basement of . the
city ticket office this morning. It is man
ifestly a case of suicide, though no possi
ble" motive is known. ., He ; had been a
trusted employe of the company for years.
Monument Raised to General Perez.
SANTA FE.N.'M.;- June 14.— Late this '
afternoon Sunshine ' Chapter of . the ,
Daughters of the American > Revolution \
dedicated a ' monument to General • Alibo /
Peres, who was assassinated in 1837. A'
civil and ' military parade : preceded " tna
dedication. . ¦ . . v ".
Deceased leaves a wife and a son,
Charles C. McCleverty, whose marriage
to Miss Roberts of San Lorenzo has. been
announced to take place June 26. The fu
neral ¦ will be held Sunday afternoon at
12:30 o'clock from the family residence.
The services will be conducted by Oak
land Lodge No. 171 of Elks.
In politics Mr. McCleverty was always
a leader among his Democratic brethren.
In 1SS2 he was elected Sheriff of Alameda
County on the Democratic ticket, serving
one term. His election was a tribute to
his strong personal following, because tho
county has always been overwhelmingly
a Republican stronghold. A marked char
acteristic of deceased was the high stand
ard of his business and social life. He
was highly esteemed because of a sturdy
honesty.
During his long illness Mr. McCleverty
was much worried about his business. He
had always given close personal attention
to It and his desire to be about'contrib
uted in some measure to the serious turn
his trouble took.
forty years. After engaging in several
enterprises he established. In 1S65, the Pa
cific stables, then 1 at Third street and
Broadway. His early business associates
were Denis Holland and Oscar Holland.
Subsequently he moved to 868 Broadway,
where, with the late Robert Noblett, the
Fashion stables were opened. Mr. Mc-
Cleverty acquired the Noblett interests
after his partner's death and had con
ducted the stables since then.
alumni of the Oakland High School, the
faculty of -the school and the citizens of
Oakland.
F. S. Stratton and Mrs. F. C. Turney
represented the alumni, Senator George C.
Perkins the citizens and Professor S. P.
Meads the faculty. The committee called
upon Mr.'and Mrs. McChesney last even
ing and F. C. Turner, the City Engineer;
and E. F. Burriil of the high school made
the presentation speeches. Mr. McChes
ney was taken completely by surprise and
responded feelingly to the : words of his
friends, expressing his sincere thanks.
OAKLAND, June 14.— Professor J. B.
McChesney, the retiring principal of • the
Oakland Hig*h School, and Mrs. McChes
ney have been presented a purse contain
ing $1100,- with which sum they are ex
pected to make a trip to Scotland, the
land of Mr. McChesney's birth. The
presentation .was made in behalf of the
GIVEN y PTJBSE FOB TEIP
TO LAfrp OF HIS BIRTH
Alumni, Faculty and Citizens Honor
Principal McChesney of the
Oakland Sigh School.
NEW YORK, June 11— Wall street's re
cent speculative inactivity received a sud
den impulse to-day when the news leaked
out that important and far-reaching plans
were quietly being worked out in connec
tion with the harmonization of the great
railroad systems of the West. It is au
thoritatively learned that steps . have
been taken by Union Pacific interests to.
acquire a representation in tho board of
directors of the Chicago, Milwaukee and
St.' Paul, and in this way these interests
hope to acquire a voice In the direction
of the latter road's affairs, and It is re
ported that such representation has been
secured. '
This step is in line with the plans made
some months ago, which were interrupt
ed for the time by the quarrel over the
control of the Northern Pacific-
Wall street took it for granted that the
Union Pacific was planning to absorb the
St. Paul in the same manner as the Bur
lington passed under . control of the
Northern Pacific and the Great Northern.
There were explicit denials made on this
point, however, from the best authorities,
who stated that no idea of this nature
was entertained.
The one positive basis for the numerous
reports is the fact that negotiations have
been practically concluded whereby \ a
large block of stock will be transferred to
the financial interests which have been
identified in the past with the Union Pa
cific Railroad. Statements concerning the
sale of a block of stock amounting to
$25,000,000 are now said to have . some
foundation In fact.
j Special Dispatch to The Call.
Block of Stock Amounting
\ to $25,000,000 Said to
Have Changed Hands.:
Acquires Representation
in the ; St Paul Road
Directorate.
UNION PACIFIC
REACHING OUT
Pharles McGleverty , a Pioneer- Stableman
and WeH-Known; Politician, Dies of Blood
Poisoning; Following a Surgical Operation
FORMER SHERIFF OF ALAMEDA
COUNTY IS CLAIMED BY DEATH
OAKLAND, .June 14.— Members of the
old Acme 'Club held a" meeting last night
and' decided .to reorganize it. -W.-H.* L.
Hynes presided and L.W. Hardie was the
secretary, n Committees on >; bylaws and
quarters were.' appointed. -Quarters' have
been I engaged on Broadway and Eleventh
streets and ; will be ¦ fitted ¦ up . as * soon • as
oossible.,
Acme Club Bevives.
OAKLAND, June 14.— Leo Wallerstein
of Oakland, a collector in the employ of
William' Knapp & Co. of San Francisco,
is .being sought by his employers. He is
charged with a shortage in his accounts
amounting to • $103 75. He. has not been
seen for a week. Racetrack gambling Is
said to be the calise of his downfall.
Collector's Accounts' Short.
Letter carriers in Canada begin at $340 a
year, and' the income gradually rises until
if reaches $600. In the United States $600
Is the first year's salary, and the increase
goes up to $850 or $1090, according to the
Importance of the town. . The Canadian in
creases have been stopped during the past
few years; hence the application to . the
government ' for consideration.— Toronto
Mail. •.¦¦¦•.
Letter-Carriers in Canada.
OAKLAND, June' 14.-N..W. Llberoth
of West Oakland, the Panama steamship
employe .whose wife some time ago at
tempted suicide, has brought suit for di
vorce, claiming that his. wife's.^ conduct
has "driven him from home. The couple
have been married for ten years and have
three children.. ¦'
Mrs. .Josephine Nummelin, who married
Alfred Nummelin; twenty -years ago in
Hawaii, has filed suit for divorce on the
grcund of desertion. ; When last heard
from Nummelin was in Alaska." . .
¦ Dr. William H..,Fonner, Who practices
his profession at. 340 , Geary. Btreet, San
Francisco, was to-day granted a divorce
from his wife- Katherine on the ground
of • desertion. The plaintiff testified that
Mrs: Fonner left him in June,- 1898, taking
J450 of his money with her. She said that
she was going to her daughters, who are
on the stage in the East," and she has not
been heard from ¦ since. / .
Alameda County Divorce Courts.
* OAKLAND, June 14.— The funeral of
John Gwilt. who -was a member of the
Twenty-fourth New York Infantry during
the civil war. will be held Sunday from
the Trinity Episcopal Church, under the
auspices. of Lyon Post, G. A..R. The de
ceased-was'a past fcost commander of
Sumner Post No. 12, G. A. R., of Oregon,
and has been prominent in G. A. R. cir
cles in California. . • •
Funeral of a Soldier.
Money for- Fourth, of July.
OAKLAND, June 14.— Arrangements
have been made by Auditor Breed so that
$400 of the city's money can be donated to
the merchants* Fourth of July committee.
The money will be taken out of the un
epent portion of the "urgent necessity"
fund which is provided by"^the Mayor,
former Mayor Snow having spent only
$99 of the $500 allowed him.
The United States is not, as many peo
ple believe, the greatest producer of petro
leum. Russia laA year produced. 9,000,000
tons, or 850,000 tons more than. the United
States.
OPENING FBOGSAJOIE
OF ACADEMIC YEAR
Early Preparations for the Reception
at the University of Many-
2?e-w Students.
BERKELEY. June 14.— Unusually early
reparations are being made by the -ini
v<?r.-*ity recorder's office to handle the
*rr' at crowd of entering students expected
r.^xt session. The calendar and schedule
* f studies for the fall term's work are
-•*«' ady anri have been sent with the reports
V i last j-ear's undergraduates. In. the
• lpast these have not been ready until the
dHte of registration In August.
It is expected that courses will be ar
ranged during the vacation, thus doim;
;iway with the usual confusion and rush
during the first few days.
Examinations for admission to the aca
demlc colleges, to Hastings College of
Jhe Law and to the medical department
of the university will be held In Berkeley,
August 12 to 14, inclusive. On Thursday,
August 15. graduates and upper-class stu
deata will register, and instruction for
th'-m will begin the same day. On tlie
fo-lowim? Monday. August 19. the fres-h
rr.f^n will register and meet their Instruct
ors. On the evening of the same day a
monster university rally, to welcome the
jipw students, has been announced. In
struction for the freshmen begins the fol
lowing day.
Ee Is Said to Have Been Very Un-
FINANCIAL LOSSES CAUSE
SUICIDE OF SURGEON DALY
fortunate in Several Large
Speculations.
BALTIMORE. Jure 14.— Heavy financial
losses incurred in speculation. It Is assert
ed, caused the suicide In Pittsburg of /Jr.
William Hudson Daly, formerly surgeon
la the United States army, personal friend
<jf General Miles and author of the "em
balmed beef" charges. It was given out
that the suicide was the result of melan
cholia, brought on by the death of h(s
wife. From the most reliable sources It
is learned, however, that the unfortunate
man had invested largely in local securi
ties a.nd lost heavily. Dr. Daly's losses
are paid to have- reached $75,000. A check
drawn by Dr. Daly for a large sum, datt><!
the day preceding his death, has been re
ceived by one of the local trust companies,
and is supposed to represent a portion of
these losses. «
The volumes that have disappeared' are
from every department of the library, but
the majority are from the fiction alcoves.
A surprising number also are theological
works. Nothing will be done' toward re
claiming them at present; though definite
restrictions will be piaced on the use of
the library in the near future. The new
library building soon to be built on the
campus will be designed especially! to
guard the majority of the books. Only a
few thousand reference books will be open
for. general access. The rest will be be
hind rails. This will render the consulta
tion of books much more troublesome, but
the action is deemed necessary to save
the library from future losses.
- "Our university library is one of the
few In the country to-day that throws
open the shelves free to every one," said
Librarian Rowell. "This privilege has
been sadly abused in the past and we are
forced to take measures to. £top the losses
we have sustained. The next university
librarv will be constructed and conducted
on a different plan. We have been mak
ing our rules more stringent everr year,
but the books hav« disappeared Just as in
the past. Nothing but gates can guard
them. Quite 200 books are reported miss
ing again this year. I Asllke to call it
stealing, but it is certainly tad negligence
on the part of students, and 'faculty. I
say 'faculty,' for I have found that some
of our lost volumes have strayed to the
shelves of the professors. One instructor
who had two books which we had been
unable to account for said that- he was
entirely ignorant of any rules governing
the taking out of books. He had. seen
the volumes, taken them down from the*
shelves, made no mention- of the matter
at the desk and had kept them so. Ion?
at his home that he actually forgot they
had ever been university property. ' -.
"It is mostly carelessness. There is lit
tle real thievery. But I see no way to
stop this neglect except by restricting the
privileges of both professor and student."
BERKELEY, June 14.— Over 200 valua
ble books are reported missing from the
University of California library. In spite
of the repeated agitation against book
stealing, with stricter library rules and a
more determined effort on the part of the
student body to root out the evil. Librar
ian Joseph C. Rowell declares, after
checking up his catalogues this year, that
the question is as far from settlement as
ever. Quite as many books have been lost
this year as last. Some of them may be
returned by their tardy borrowers, but
the great majority are gone no one knows
where.
Library Is Despoiled of
Many - Valuable
Volumes. ¦
TOMES MISSING
AT UNIVERSITY
• The Chamber then adopted a resolution
tantamount to a declaration of : confidence
In the Government's Algerian administra
tion by a, vote of 353 to 82. - " > •
M. Drumont, during the course of his
attacks on various Officials, called tho
Prefect of Algiers a wretch, and declared
the Minister of Justice, M. Monls, and the
Minister of Marine, M; Delanassan - were
I disreputable men. . • - *
The incident arose during the debate on
an anti-Semite interpellation regarding
the recent uprising at Marguerite. The
interpellation called upon the, Government
to extend more thorough protection to
French colonists.
- On the resumption ot ' the sitting M
Waldeck-Rousseau, tho Premier, made a
long speech in defense of the Algerian
He declared the uprising
at Marguerite was an isolated incident
and denied the allegation' that British
Methodists had given arms to the Arabs
The Government, he said, had found no
proof that the missionaries in Algeria had
been engaged in the alleged intrigues
against the French Government. He an
nounced that the Government proposed to
remove the police of Algiers from the
control of the anti-Semitic Mayor and to
replace them under the supervision of the
Prefect of Algiers.
PARIS, June 14.— There was an exciting
scene in the Chamber of Deputies to-dayi
M. Drumont, anti-Semite, of Algiers, at
tacked the Government In connection with
the administration of Algeria. "When a
vote of censure and exclusion from the
Chamber was proposed as a result of his
remarks, M. Drumont refused to leave
until a file of soldiers entered the House,
when he retired, shouting "Vive l'armee!'.'
and "A bas les Juifs!"
Anti-Semite Member De
nounces Officials of
Algeria. \
FRENCH DEPUTY
CREATES A STIR
OAKLAND. June 14.— Jacob A. Jc
hansen, a repairer in the block
system department of the South
ern Pacific Company, was killed
this afternoon by being "crushed
under the racetrack special train as it
was being backed down*" the Oakland
mole to the broad-gauge depot for its first
trip to Emeryville.
The accident was witnessed by Ford
Marcellus, another repair man, and by
Conductor F. Graves and the brakeman
of the train. The latter were standing on
the rear platform of the coach, which
Etruck Johansen. who only a minute be-
fore had been working on a switch box
opposite the point where he was killed.
The reports furnished to the Coroner by
the witnesses tended to show that Johan
sen had seen the train moving down the
track and had Intended to step out of the
way. Instead ho walked directly Into the
train and before a warning signal could
be Riven was knocked down and run over.
Two cars passed over the unfortunate
workman's body before the train could be
brought to a standstill. ¦*
Quickly the body was taken out from
beneath the cars, but the rescuers saw
nt once that the crushed form was life
less. The head had been almost severed
from the body by tho grinding weight of
the heavy carwheels. i
The Coroner was notified and the re
mains were conveyed to the Morgue.
The accident occurred just west of a
Fv/itch connection between the semaphore
bridge and tower No. 2. The racetrack
train had been backed down along the
track nearest to the mole driveway. Tho
cars were thrown over to tt)e switch
Crossing to- b« backed into the main de
pct to receive the racetrack travelers
fmm San Francisco. The train had run
back 100 feet from the switch when Jo
hansen was struck just where he had
Leen busy on a switch box. -
The accident was peculiarly distressing
in that a wife and, six children survive
the deceased, who was 50 years old and a
.native of Norway. He resided at 1779 Wil
liams street. He was a member of Alca
t! a i ?Tr L ? d & e \ Free and Accepted Masons,
of West Oakland.
A BLOCK SYSTEM REPAIRER
MEETS WITH AN AWFUL DEATH v
ON OAKLAND MOLE.
John. <~i. B. Doujrlass, C. T. Everson J \V
Mr*'or4. W. L. Sims. C. A. Pedlcord. A. J.
Vcr'nn. J. A. Hond, S. T. Hare, A. L. Lln
p>, T. S. Whitlick. F. T. Lamb, C. X. Mil
l.-r. J. L. McElhany.
Thf following persons received mission
arv licenses:
J. J. Ireland. A. J. Sanderson. G. H. Heald
F. B. Mor2n, Thomas Coolidge. Edith O
Kin?. Txborah Xr.ipht. E. E. Parlin, Mrs. A.
tl. Pariin. Evelyn M. R:!*-y, Laura Morrison,
Mrs. Myata Thorn. Mary Clement, Mrs. L. A.
Parfor.i<. Helen S-teele, C. Casberp I. P. Dll-
Irr.. Mr.=. BOth Dilian, H. H. Brand, Mrs.
H. H. Brand. Mrs. M. E. Hoyt. Mina Mann,
Mrs. W. S. Sadler. D. A. Parsens, S. C. Os
¦»>r>rr. Welter Halli£ay. T. J. Evans, C. X.
SCBScr. EJn« KchaefTer. M. I... Gurn, Xina
Cise. Mrs. Ella SchaeiTcr, Minnie Pond.
C. Santee. A. T. Jones M. H. Brown X C
MeClure. H. A. Ft. John, J. O. Corliss, J. W.
Hapby, W. M. Kealey, C. L. Taylor. R. S.
Oven. S. Thurstcn. G. A_ Snyder, C. X. Mar
tin. M. C. Israel. G. W. Uine. Isaac Morrison
.T J. V»>.«trup. H. F. Courter, "VV. C. White.
n. F. Richards. H. G. Thurston, J. K. Han
wb. M. C. Wilccx. C. M. Gardner. J. S. Har
:-!on. A. O. Tait, D. T. Ferro.
Thp following named will receive or
•"ir.at'.on'and ministerial credentials:
A. S. Kelloesr, G. Ilauleder, A. M. Dart, A.
irorson.'F. Ii. Fhaefer.
M:r.tet«>rs' licenses were issued to the
f-'ilowins named:
T. H. Watson. F. R. Shaefer. F. D. Gau
* Trail. Henry Scott, C. E. Knight, E. S. Bai
!T;rer. M. E. Oa<5>\ R. W. Miller. M. H. St.
Name Their Officers and Chooss List
of Ministers and Missionary
Workers.
OAKLAND. Jure 14.— The Seventh-day
A<l>entists at their annual conference
have elected the following officers for the
tsipuirs term:
P.-pyiCo-nt. KIder A. T. Jonrs; s<»cr<»tary. EI
<W M. H. Brown; treasurer. Pacific Press
ruWlsfciTig Company; executive committee,
A. T. 3or.es. M. II. Brown. C. X. Martin M.
<\ Wilcox. M. E. Cady. T. J. Evans, J. O.
Coriias, IT. C. "White. FL G. Thurston: direc
tor?: cf the California Medical Missionary and
Benevolent ArsrxMaticn. Dr. A. J. Sanderson,
P. B. Moran. W. C. White; directors of the
California Conrerer.ce Association, "William
Paundors. E. A. Chapman, C Santeo, M. H.
P.rown. E. E. Pcrlin, T. A. Kilgore. J. J.
Ireland.
Ministerial credentials were reissued to
ihr following:
ADYEKTISTS SELECT
CONFEBE2JCE LEADERS
BOSTON*. June .14.— Before the Young
iien s Christian Association convention
to-day Dr. Winfleld S. Hall of Chicago
created quite a sensation by asserting
that our ancestors were apes. The meet
ing was on the physical work of the as
sociation, most of the delegates being di
:ccors of association gymnasiums
throughout the country. Being good
«-<i iri^ c ' nSt they could not accept the Oar
wia theory.
i-i°n e », deiegate der »anded to know of Dr.
U<lU how it was possible for God to make
an ape with a soul, or develop man from
u soulless ape. Dr. Iiall said that any
oiseussion or racial development must be
based on the evolution theory. This the
ory, he said, was now accepted as a
working basis by every biologist and so
ciologist of repute.
"The progenitors of man were probably
not very unlike the anthropoid apes of
Asia aad Africa," he said. "It is believed
by biologists that the human race de
scended irom the anthropoid ape as we
know him. but that primeval man and
tne modern anthropoid ape had a com
mon progenitor, now extinct. This is the
real snissingr link which biologists have
b«-n looking for."
A very animated discussion followed the
but Dr. Hall proved equal to the
occasion and took the stand that it was
possible for a student of evolution to be
even a greater Christian; that the
* hristian evolutionist's idea of God was
not antagonistic to Christianity*
Her. Dr. PJumb. who presided, arose to
ask a cuestion. which -was:
"Then, according to your logic, the
clock in the Strasburg Cathedral was
once a Waterbury watch; it grew larger
as a watch until it became a small clock,
and then, it became a great cathedral
clock."
Dr. Hall thought Rev. Dr. Plumb's
question answered itself, and tho inci
dent was ended.
Many delegates were given a reception
by the Young Men's Christian Association
of Harvard University in Phillips Brook's
house. Cambridge, to-night. Representa
tives of Germany, Holland, Japan, India.
Switzerland. England, Norway, France
aid Denmark made short addresses.
Thf> evening meeting in Mechanics' Hall
was termed "college night," and the chief
incident was the reading of a message of
congratulation and friendship from King
Edward VIL It was greeted with cheer
ing and the singing of "God Save the
Kinsr" by the audience. Field Marshal
I-ord. Roberts also seat a message
praising the vrork of the association in
th« army.
The speakers included President P.itton
<^f Princeton University. President
r.ooker T. "Washington of Tuskegee Insti
ni'.e. and Luther D. "Wishard. the first
college secretary of the association.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Declares the Progenitors of
Man Were of the Lowly
Ape Family.
Chicago Man Astonishes
International Y. M. C.
A. Convention.
DARWIN THEORY
FINDS CHAMPION
OAKLAND, June 14.-^The Stablemnn's
Union will order the hostlers to quit work
to-morrow morning in all stables whose
proprietors refuse to sign the agreement
to pay not less than $2 per day wages and
to employ only, union men. ....
The union received to-day the following
communication from the employing liv
erymen:
"At a" meeting held by the proprietors
of the Oakland livery -stables on June 13
resolutions were adopted as follows, viz. :
' "We are willing to recognize union
wages and pay men United States coin
monthly or weekly, as desired, < the men
to sleep and board where they desire." ;
The union will not take congnlzance of
this pffer, because the bosses do not sign
the union aereement. , '. r
This afternoon . the Thirteenth-street
stables, the Nevada stables and the Thir
teenth-avenue stables acceded to the de
mands of the men. The officers of the
union are, confident that practically all
tho employers will sign .rather than risk
a strike. . • * r? _
To-Day.
"Union Agreement to Be Presented
1 HOSTLERS MAY QUIT WORK.
The wholesalers, maintain confidence
that they .will win. They assert their abil
ity to supply their, customers with all the
meat required. \ -The fight here now hinges
on the result in San Francisco.
Concerning the * statement of Attorney
Frohman of- the wholesalers, there Is only one
true ut*rance in it. ! That la that the ' strike
was caused on account of the union cards.
All the retailers had agreed ' to our demands
and to those who desired union cards the cards
were issued. Then the wholesale butchers
went to work, anil by. threatening the with
drawal of trade relations tried to force down
what cards were up. At that time ,ln 93
shops' out of 115 shops in Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley, the card was up. To save these
95. cards prompt action was necessary and It
was then and only then that we demanded a
union card in every- shop.,
This morning four union shops were
running in Oakland and one in Berkeley.
All of them had beef from outside the
stockyards. About 100 head of'cattle have
been received by the union retailers from
the interior.. Two slaughter houses are
being run by- union, journeymen, they
claim, the location being closely guarded.
W. G. Miller, Mohr & Mllnthrop, Mun
son' & Lohry and Breiling Bros, have been
unionized, the strikers returning to work
at each shoo. /
The- press committee of the local union
says: . - ', ¦•'. ¦ . • /
The union has, unionized several shops
during the day and claims there will be
at least twenty open to-morrow displaying
the*unlon*sign. • -.
There was a disturbance at Fred Beck
er's lower Washington-street market this
morning when a crowd gathered hooting
and jeering at the driver of Miller & Lux's
delivery team that had brought a load of
beef from San Francisco. Some bad eggs
were thrown, but the trouble was soon
over.
"I am out of the board," he declared,
"and I am with the union, and if you go
down I'll go down with you." '.' [
The union held a long session to-day,
during which Chris Merchant, an employ
ing butcher at 25 Sixth street, San Fran
cisco, made a speech, declaring that the
fight between the Butchers'- Board of
Trade and the Western Meat Company
was at an" end and that during the strike
the latter had been delivering beef to
known members of 'the board ¦; of trade
against which the!- Western Meat-Com
pany had ' been battling "for ' nearly ; ten
years. '
Merchant announced that he had union
ized his shop. , . .
The union butcher workmen of Oakland
have centered their efforts upon securing
supplies for the proprietors of shops that
display the union card.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 14.
From Outside the
Stockyards.
UNION HOUSES
SECURING BEEF
Butchers Being Supplied
Colonel Bolanbs, with five, officers and
forty-one . rifles, has surrendered at Llpta,
Batangas province. ' - •*' . ,
The recent battle .with the insurgents
at Lipa, in which Lieutenant. Springer
was killed and Captain "Wilhelm and
Lieutenant Lee were mortally wounded,
was begun by the Americans. The dispro
portionate number of officers hit is said"
to be' due to the fact that several desert
ers from the American troops were, with
the rebels. V . !
The island of Panay is being ravaged
by rinderpest, and so great is the havoc
caused by the disease that the natives
are hauling carts to Hollo.
-WASHINGTON, June I?.— The War De
partment to-day gave out statistics show
ing the extent of the disintegration of the
Philippine insurrection. The compilation
of reports covers the period up to April
17, 1901. Up to January 1, 1901, the num
ber of insurgents captured or surrendered
•was 21,497, together with 5048 rifles, 56 field
pieces over 3000 shells and balls, 570,000
rounds of ammunition and nineteen tons
of powder. ¦ • - . -. .
From January 1 to April 1<, the num
ber of captured included 247 officers, 2450
men; the number surrendered was 820 offi
cers, 6492 men, making a total of 1067 offi
cers, 8951 men; or a .grand total up to
that date of 31,315 insurgents captured.
To this is to be added 1558 rifles captured,
4400 \ surrendered, a total of 6298 rifles;
45,000'rounds of ammunition; 408 bolos and
twenty-four pieces of cannon.
MANILA, "June,, 14.— Cailles, the insur
gent leader in Laguna "province," has i be
come more, humble,' and now Intimates his
willingness to surrender a hundred" guns
to General Sumner . to-morrow , at Santa
Cruz, and to give up the remainder' in
three days. •' _ . . '.'¦""-" . . . ""
Cailles- Submits a; Proposal
to Surrender Part of
¦. .'¦¦.*¦/ His Guns.
Americans i in Insurgent
Ranks at Battle of
Lipa.
TRAITORS FIGHT
WITH FILIPINOS
THE SAN FRAl^lSCO CALL; SATUBD^Y; !JUNE 15^ 1901.
RAILROAD, EMPLOYE IS CRUSHED
TO DEATH BENEATH CAR WHEELS
Jacob A. Johansen Steps in Front of a Race-
Track Train Which Is Being Backed Down
Oakland Mole and Is Instant!^ Killed
11
. Taciturnity \ is niore -• to be commended
than idle boasting. #;U#g£ ~ ' ."¦
At Pensacola. Fla., the raotormen on
Ftreet cars struck for stools on which to
Fit while the cars are In motion. They had
the sympathy of the people with them
j Immediately on Arising $
2 in the Morning iTake. % a Goblet of^ the #
J ' BEST NATURAL LAXATIVE WATER KNOWN, V
fc .> ' ¦':..'-<¦¦¦'•¦''.;¦;"•''¦ 'J_— „_ • ' 0* ' ' '' ' ¦ i \
£ . - It Is a "friend Indeed" (the next morning) to , the * "diner-out.'* W
t ' A •peedy, sure and gentla cure for all disorders' of the stomach and liver. It has ; .\«
6 •¦„;¦ : • ho equal as a remedy for.' . ' , -,'
t Constipation and Biliousness*- "J
V To Protect Yourself Against /Substitution J
\ BE SURE AND USE THE FULL NAME- "HUSYAD1-JAM0S" i
5 ;¦/".:, on Bottle Is Blue : with Red Centre^ Panel. 1THE -'SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY^ J"UNE ; 15^ 1901.
12
' - ." ; .- ' •: HORSES .WASTED. -
HORSES wanted to work on ""^per Job; *<"£
or five months* workT Apply at 28 Montgomery
Bt.room IS., . .-. ¦ "¦¦¦________-__— _
; HOUSES TO ._KT.
A— FRINTED list houses to -let; »e«» d fo L, c i5"
• cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 1* Montgomery.
HOUSE with 6 rooms and yard • on . <ra " n , y J i ' d ? :
good for small family: rent $12 50. 1509 Brod-
¦ erick st f near' Sutter. - *¦ . ¦ .
HOUSE 7 rooms; rent $8. 9 Tay st.^off Clay.
between Powell and Mason. ________
6 ROOMS and bath; 14 Reed st: yard and base-
ment; $15. Apply 1315 Washington st.
$45— 8 rooms, large finished .basement, large
yard. 1615 Bush st..: near Franklin.
HOUSES . TO. LET— FURNISHED. '
NICELY^fuTnTslied^n^uie^of 'T^unny rooms to
let for 2. or 3 months; rent low. Apply l'l->
Ellis sf, from 1 to 4 p. m. ' -
COTTAGE of 8 rooms; 5 furnished complete
for housekeeping:; rent $1S. 813 Church at. •
COMFORTABLY furnished house of 9 rooms
and bath: centrally located. Box 4261. Call.
YOST <A.\D FOUND. • _.
LOST— Between • San Francisco, and Chicago,
lady's open-face watch; 6 dla_ond3; 10 lignes:
' 18-karat gold ; cream-colored dial; red num-
bers; gold hands; fancy 'bow; case carved
and pierced; case No. 60,242; movement No.
1228. The finder will receive a suitable re-
ward by returning same to NOLAN BROS.,
¦ 812 Market st». San Francisco. . •
LOST— One' pockelbook containing tickets and
receipts Thursday afternoon on . Howard,
First or Natoma sts. Return to WM. H.
KANE. 375 Fifth st, S. F. -..-
$5 REWARD for return of a girl's Rambler
1901 bicycle, No. 14,313, taken from 7 Oak st;
no questions asked. -1808 Market st
LOST— On June 12. pearl fleur de Us breastpin;
liberal reward. Call at 17 Battery st.
LAST notice— To all who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them. > ' ".
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
-— - UATKU1OMAL.
G_N^TLEMEN wishing to marry weaTSiyTadies
send 10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellla
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
. anteed. HOPKE BROS., 318-320 Eleventh st;
telephone South 792. - ¦ . •
t ' MEDICAL.
A-RENOWNED specialist: those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes o£ fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate: the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do- this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O/DONNELL, 1018 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea,
gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula. . syphilis and all
troubles of male and female sexual organs;
treat yourself: be your own doctor; 4 months'
suppository treatment, $4; send stamp for
- circulars. 1126 Market st, S. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that ia guaranteed te give In-
stant, relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MR& DR. KOHL. 1122
Market, bet Mason and Taylor, opp. Hate's.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market, ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other-; positive cure
. guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
' never falls; the moet obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best cure; fee low; consult free.
MRS. PR: ALLEN. 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
DR. AND MRS. GOODWIN. 1033 Market, bet.
I 6th & 7th — Expert specialists; well known and
reliable; 23 yrs' experience; treatment guarn'd
to give Instant relief from all female troubles,
avoid incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist; 26 yrs.*
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office: any ailment: home before and during
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. POPPER, female specialist; no pills or
medicine used. 1514 Devisadero st, nr. Geary.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed- to cure all.
- skin diseases. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
MINES AND MIXING.
PARTY who holds group of eight located cop-
per ' claims would like to meet men with
Email amount of money to develop them;
they are sure to work Into rich and payins
property. T. J. MAY. 633 Market st
DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c, 5c and
10c per share; send for prospectus. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co., 326 Post st
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand > machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have _ large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 21 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021, 1023
Mission st. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
ALL have been notified to redeem their
pledges;. a large lot of articles, consisting of
silverware, marine . opera glasses, pistols,
guns, kodaks, guitars, banjos, mandolins,
violins, etc.. have been left: •will sell them
for the amount loaned. UNCLE HARRIS. 13
Grant at^e. - ¦
A— BUYS; sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
glnes, boilers, water pipes, shaftings, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds
bought, sold, rented and exchanged. H. S.
' "WHITE. BIS Mission st. :
LAST notice — To all who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 daya more to
redeem them. "
A— $3.E0 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1.75. Popu-
' lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, near Pine. \
. i
FINE suits, $10; dres* pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st
DIAMOND ring Dawned for $50; want to sell
ticket. Box 3656. Call. . . - i
FOR sale — 20 parrots from Central America; $5
, each. 824. Greenwich st, near Powell.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
THOROUGHBRED runts; white homers; hen
pigeons. 2041 Linden st, Oakland.
$64 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chine $37 50. 109 Montgomery st
L. SPARBER removed to 204 Mission st ; gaso-
line engines, lathe pulleys, shafting, belting. .
ONE 4-horse-power Covey engine; one 2%-
horse-power Hercules; bargain. 910 Kearny.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES p.nd boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' ¦ 10-ton hay scale; jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st
GASOLINE engines. 2d-hand, and other ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epstein. 538 Mission.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. : KROGH MFG. CO.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. -Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
v, turcj. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
. MISCEtliAXEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Pasturage for 2 horses until No-
vember; state trice. A. M. DALY, 4U
Geary st. . .
H. LIPTON pays highest price for cast-off
; clothing. ¦- .7 Spring st. nr. Cal.: tel. Green 594.
TILTON wVnts 2nd-hand clothlnjf. especially
skirts, street dresses. 154 9th: tel. Folsom 252_
„„ MONEY TO LOAN.: . -' ¦
A— MONEY, tt . loan at ratesTwhich peopieTean
, afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc ; do not
borrow of your friends or you /tviii lose their
• friendship; t do : business with • strangers and
' you will be better satisfied; no delay no nub-
llclty. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY ¦ - - t '¦ .
.......:.........-............. ,, IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY
630 Market st Loans on estates In probate!
undivided interests In estates, second mortl
gages, etc. '*,*-. . . ,-• , ...
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent- first
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
-In estates. . legacies, corporation loans, chattel
-mortgages and securities.. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle, building. HALLORAItf & OLSEn!
AN^. am ,°!J n , t mt «*:.<»rrt. 2d -nd 3d mortgages,
undivided Interest.- real estate In probate-
mortgages and legacies bought; no delay; get
"/^t 11 ??*^ °r? dolnB bus » n «'w elsewhere. R.
McCOLOAN.>24 Montgomery st, room 2.
H , I ._ aI^ Y ' /"Pect-ble./- private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. 5 Baldwin Jeweffy Store." W6 Market
Bt ; teL Main 1611. Branch 19 Third it. • - . ••
MOSEY TO
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private'
party; no removal; no commission; cnni itn
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 3U1 Jones
ON furniture, pianos: no removal mone-
qulck; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker
age: reliable party. 1170 Market at., room &£
MOJjT reliable place to borrow on dia-nrm.iT
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. SsSu?
• highest price for old gold." silver, diamonds. '
DEAL direct: furniture, p'anos ; no remnv-1-
> low. rate: strictly private. Lick, us McAllister!
ONE per cent on furniture: $; a month"on eicii
$10CO: any 'security. 302 Montgomery st. 'r. 1
MONEY loaned salaried people without atCOtilT
HILL, r. 44, Jlerchar.ta- Ex., 4S1, California." '
3<"i on furniture and pianos: Sir; up: no removal-
no commission; private. Room SI. •> Eddj »t"
ON salaries or wag?s; no indorser reaulrertL", ft
, ¦ F. DISCOUNT AOEXCY. US PtefaSbufoBn^
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. "Western Loan Co.'. 305 Jrhe'an blilg
$1CO.OCO TO loan on real estate or for building-
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room 2. '
THE Touslcy 'Company; loans ami ilTsoTunta'
321 Parrot building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on notp without
- indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bul'diiis.
3IOM3Y WANTED.
OI7R clients demand we make loans for them
and offer 6 per cent Interest upon first-clasi
securities only. ' West Coast Investment Co
•¦ Phelan building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
.WE offer, 2 Smith & Barnes uprights at $225
each; used less than 6 months; good as new.
1 fine .walnut Arlington, $175.
1 Fmall French upright. $73.
1 Packard upright, in beautiful burl walnut
cascj $3C0.
1 Baby Decker & Son walnut upright. $273,
and many others of equal desirability.
Call or address THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ALL pianos purchased ! of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase,, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $5 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3. U and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutt<»r
sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quartsra.
341 Post st.. opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. 314 Post st. between Stock-
• ton and Powell.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlma
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
• lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price: costs you only 20c a day to buy %
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell st: established 1S50.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son. 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling. $75. $123, $14S. etc : easy payments.
. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 CFarrell st..
Chickering. Vose. Sterling- Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
BARGAINS— Clearance sale bargains: uprieht
pianos, $75 and upward; Steinway, Knabe,
Emerson. Hartman and others; squares $10
up. BRUENN, 203 Post st
BARGAINS— Fischer. Weber. Manner. NwKent,
Hallet & Davis; easy payments. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister st
ALL makes: great bargain list: $50 up: rent*
$2 up allowed. . HEINE PIANO CO., 21?
Geary st.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler, Lestpr.
Hamilton and Splelman pianos. BYRON'
MAUZY. 308 Post at.
LARGE 3-pedal upright piano: absolute sacri-
fice; leaving city. 127 Hyde St.. near Turk.
WANTED— Ten square pianos for country
schools. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post St.
AN uprieht Diano: must be sold; owner leav-
ing. HORNUNO. 218 McAllister St.
CLOSING out stock of pianos: prices reduced
one-half. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
LUDWIG pianos th» most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. general agents, 333 Market st.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 21?
Geary st, room 38.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Alllster st
AT "WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market St.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plaf<*.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 917 Market St.—
Sunny o'flces. $13 to J20; usual services..
I OIL. ~
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company:
operating on 2120 acres of oil land In nina
districts. Office, 23 and 24 Merchants' E_.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c: biff advance
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co.. 326 Post Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st
_ ___________ __.^
OIL lands for sale or lease in all parts of th«
State. We can furnish you with- lands hi th«
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to Invest In stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA A PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
. PERSONALS. ~
INFORMATION wanted as to the wherea-
bouts of MICHAEL JOSEPH McDON'OUGH.
late of Movill, County Donegal, Ireland, by
his parents, now living at 69 Clifton Parle
ave.. Belfast. Ireland. Write to them or the
Chief of Police, San Francisco."
A— IF your hair ia falling- or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 483 Geary st. and you
•will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
hotel, -44 Third st. near Market: '700 rooms":
25c to $1 EO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits t» order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up: ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. lltl
¦ Market st. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beda. single, three-quarter
or dpuble, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1313 Stockton st. near Broadway.
."QUEEN 1 of Hearts" — Though lost to sight, to
memory dear. : COWBOY, Loa Banes.
Ladles' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. SHverman. 981 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
"LADIES' tailor suits made to order; reasonable.
S. KRAMER. Ladies' Tailor. 220 Powell St.
TAILOR made suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Dr. Harriet Welch. 2115 Bush; hours- 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. and Sat: electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones*
bought J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st. ' J
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggist?.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAilOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly. Call.
- 16 pares. In wrat>Mr. for malllnc. $1 per year.
. PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good reli-
. able work. Clark's. S08 Larkin: tel.Larkln 1CW>
WE paper parlors or rooms from $3 up: patnt-
Ingr done. S19 Third st Hartman Paint Co.
¦'j_'_-'' __¦ PALMISTRY. ,
MRS. WM. M'MANUS. scientific' palmist. Tel.
Blue 311. 10 to 5. Residence 731 Guerrero. .
MME. GERMAINE. the business talmist of
the Pacific Coaat: 1 to 5. 9CS Market st
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific, palmist 5U
Taylor st. bet Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
reading: lessons In class and private. 617 Jones.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'IX)NN*__Lr-bfflceTnd~residen7e.
1021 Market St.. - between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. ElHs.
PHYSIOGNOMY.
SCIENTIFIC delineation of character by face
or photo. Mary O.-Stanton. 810.Leavenworth:
verbal read's, jl; printed chart.. $2 50; lessons'.
PILES ,- -'¦'.'
NEARLY 1000 permanent curesT "here in . your
midst: many .who have suffered 20 to 30 years:
over fifty names of prominent .business men
sent as. reference: no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
• p » rt <culars - d dress Physician, - box 1800, C»U
office, S. F.; Cal. " ¦
HELP WANTED-— MALE-— jCoii.--. .
A— MURRAY & READY... Phone Main 5848
Leading ' Employment and • Labor Agents, I
g ............WANT. 7 A. M. TO-DAY.... .....1..'
..R. R. Work— Free Fare— We Ship To-day..
. Io0 laborers.- S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work.
Los Angeles. and Santa Barbara division
Free Fare.." 50 teamsters and laborers,
Uklah...... Free Fare....... 10 strong laboring
men to do mucking or shoveling, ' large, mine,
steady job ..: i...:$73
. 125 laborers, city and country, no experience
required, $2 60, $2 and $1 75 day,- $40 and $35
.and found "...........-..; ..'.'...:".....
10 laborers, company work, 1 25c fare..$l 75 day
. 2 single-hand miners, • new mine. .$75
SAWMILLS YARDS "WOODS
10 more laborers for a new mill and lumber
company, no experience required, ¦ to work in
mills, yards and woods,. steady job."
" •• :..... $35 to $65 and found
Linemen and Jackscrewers 'for the woods.
Sonoma County, $30 and $35; crosscut saw-
. yer. free fare; men to work with donkey, en-
gine, loggers, $10......".
I WE PAY FARE.. 10 laborers, no experience.
, for sajpjhlll and lumber company, $26 and
found, fare paid; 150 men to work in hay and
harvest fields, drive header wagons, etc......
'. $150 to $2 day and found
15 milkers, $30 and $35; choreman, make but-
ter. $30; 4 stablemen, country, $30: 2 hostlers.
$30; 4 teamsters, large ranch.... $40 and found
...... ...... .. MISCELLANEOUS
• Farmer and wife, $50; .teamster for gold min-
ing company, $40; boys for machine shop,
$150 day; choreman, private place. .$40. to $45
10 woodchoppers for a mine, tools furnished..
............ MECHANICAL HELP
Carpenter for factory, $3 day; 15 carpenters,
' $3 day. $60 and $52 and found; 4 rough car-
penters, $40 and found; blacksmith and wood-
worker, country, $2 50 day; 9 blacksmiths,
$3 50 and $3 day, $50 and $60 and found; safe-
maker, painter, etc. • "^ , •
Vineyard foreman, 'see boss here..............
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..:...:....'
7 butchers, $30, $40, $30 and $60; cook's helper,
mine, $30; 2 waiters^ same mine, $25; : cook
for a steamer, $40; camp cook/ near city, $45;
baker, mining town, $50; 6 bakers, $11 week,
$40 and $50; 4 ranch cooks, marker . and dls-
' trlbutor laundry man, porters, etc MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St. . ,
GERMAN butcher, country, $45 and board;
German -or 1 Scandinavian man and wife, pri-
. vate family, $50; ( 3 farmers and wives, $40
and $50; 2 stablemen, $30; farmers, $1 25 day;
: fruit picker,* $1 day; teamsters, $2 day; lum-
ber pliers, $35 and board; laborers for mill
and wcods, $30 and board; tlemakers, bark
. peelers, $45 and • board, • and others. J. F.
• CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st
COOK,' too, and 2d cook, $40, for camp;- cook,
$50, and dishwasher, $20, country hotel; cook
and wife, country hotel, $50; cook, country
restaurant, $35; tamale maker, $25, and others.
• J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE; 323 Kearny St.,
1 wants carload of laborers for R. R. work,
free fare; 60 men a day for lumber mills; 10
j laborers for city. , .
upright character, to manage buslncss
of old house; salary $18 weekly and expenses
payable weekly from headquarters; expense
¦ money advanced: ¦• permanent; references.
Standard House. 354 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
TRAVELING salesman to wholesale and retail
trade only; salary $1200 and expenses. Na-
tional. 304 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
WANTED— 25 young boys' and girls owning
donkeys or small Shetland ponies, to take
part In "A Night at the Circus." Apply at
Central Theater to-day at "11 -a. m. ; bring
animals.
$3 PER day, steady work the year around, for
a competent tinner who understands roofing
and iron pipe work. EDWARD HART, Gal-
lup, N. M. ¦ - .¦ '
WANTED— Steady man to assist in light,
genteel work; will pay $16 to $20 per week:
experience not necessary; must have $150
cash. Apply 23 Geary St., room 1. ¦ '
WANTED— Blacksmith for wagon work and
,. horseshoeing. Inquire at BRUNS' grocery,
corner San. Pablo and University aves.. West
Berkeley. . . . , - .
ENTERPRISING man for outside "position
with a prominent life insurance company;
city or country; liberal commission. " Address
H. W. KNOLL, 431 California st. San Fran.
2 MEN to collect an Industrial insurance debit;
experience unnecessary. Call 9 to 10 a. m.
at 405 Montgomery st, room 6. .
130 MEN for "Under Two Flags.". Apply Co-
lumbia Theater., stage door, this Sunday at
12 o'clock. . . ¦ .• . r ¦ ¦
EXPERIENCED • Jewelry salesman for city
store; open evenings; permanent position.
" Box 3330, Call office.
CARPENTER outside of city; non-union; no
office fees. Me_hanics' Registration Bureau,
¦ 410 Kearny st.
BUSHELMAN: first class'. ROSENBLUM &
ABRAHAM, 1103 Market st, Tailors.
WANTED — Butchers and sausage makers; good
pay; permanent positions. 127 Mason st.
WANTED— A dishwasher at New Mechanics'
. Hotel, 444, Brannan st. bet. -.3d and 4th.. .
SILVERSMITHS. Apply SHRBVE & CO., 403
Market st.
CLERK for grocery and bar. Corner Sutter
and Larkin sts.
WANTED— A union qhoemaker. 220 Natoma st.
WANTED— Reliable man for country road
house. MARTIN MURPHY, 1069 Howard stj
CUTTER— First-class waist and underwear
cutter: steady position. BAUER BROS. CO..
21 Sansome st ' •
GREAT bargain; 3-chalr barber shop; must
Fell account important business. • Box 3331,
Call= office. , .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts. '
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for Bale; $75. 1034'
Golden Gate ave. .
WANTED— First-class Instrument-maker at
Lick Observatory: 'good wages; house rent
free; young or middle-aged man with one or
two children greatly preferred; good school;
fine machinist with, general experience might
apply. Address Director, Mt. Hamilton, stat-
ins qualifications. ¦ •
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, II.
S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch, able to read and speak English. For
further information apply to the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
WANTED— Men - to learn barber trade; $60
- monthly paid our graduates; two months
' completes; more calls for our barbers than
we can supply; tools presented;- wages i Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted; busy season now:
call or write for our special offer . to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st
INFANTS wear salesman wanted by an East-
ern manufacturer for territory including and
west, of Denver; flrst-class line, selling only
to best trade in large towns; state commis-
sion wanted; no objection to bright woman.
' Box 3627, Call office. . ¦ .. . , ...
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective As-
soclatlon. foreman, second and third bread
bakers: also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; -150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2. per. week.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G.>A. R., room 40, Phelan bldg., 806 Market.
LAST notice— To all who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days, more to
redeem them.
20 GOOD . laborers wanted I at Hunters : Point
Dry Dock. . . •" : .
WANTED — Reliable young - man "with some
cash: $40 month; no experience." 496 Fourth.
SASH sticker hand wanted. Pacific Planing
Mill. Berry st. near Sixth. -.
"WANTED— Young man or a helper at Mission
Carpet House. 2020 Mission . st.
JOE GARCIA, the barber, is at . corner of
Clement st. and 8th ave.. Richmond district.
200 MEN to buy suits made to order.' $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellla st. .¦•-.•
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
• hand shoes for sale. 60c up. 241 Third st."
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suit, to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st. .
GET .'your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to EOc. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts. -
MEN, to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School, 741 A Howard st
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD it CO.. attys..
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 316.
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. .25c night; reading-rooms; free-
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. ¦ - ''
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been - - established at 1098
*¦ Valencia st. ; • -,- ". " - - », •, , i :¦'¦¦¦
; c ;. HORSES' AND "WAGONS.
40 HORSES ' for ! sale ; ' - also wagons. ' . buggies. "
• carts, harness... Grand Arcad-j Horse Market.,
. 327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN.. & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ONE fine: phaeton for sale at. a' bargain:- one
;.ne\v stick-seat piano box buggy," very stylish.
:• 3767 '..Twenty-fourth j st. i . .. ' ¦ .^ - . ,
JaOr-GENTLE ! mare, suitable for lady to drive
. or ". ride; ¦ phaeton. $20. , 21 ; City Hall : ave. ¦*¦;• _
40 HEAD work and driving .horses.' 721 How-
ard st. ¦ . ..-j-yi 'M^%wffrM | ''<iw it'll <PBi'ijiiM_t_f
ALL kinds of .wagons,^ buggies,'- carts." harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON.; 2117 Mission at
AN: A No. 1 express wacon. single: also light
.wca-w-ur.waxon. ;for sale cheap. - 633 Mission.
¦ - * ' - . ' '•* ' ¦*' **!_.*- " —-¦---¦¦ " -1— — — ¦ "*-- - - - - ¦ ¦
BUSIXESS CHAXCES— -Contlnneil.
FOH sale— In Vallejo. one of the best corner
saloons and rooming house of ij rooms, new-
ly furnished; best rooms in town;, If you are
lookins f cr a safe investment you (Jivill find It
¦ here; will bear Inspection: cause of selling, re-
tiring from business. For particulars call on
ADAM MILLER, cor. Virginia and Santa
Clara sts., Vallejo. . .'. :
FOR sale— $'5000: old-established flower * store,
with nursery, hothouse, etc.. boiler, horses,
wajjons. plants and trees of all descriptions;
established jnany years and doing a money-
making business. Particulars CARL CARL-
SON. 500 Haizht st.
FIKST-CLASS French liquor store; est. 25 yrs.;
horse, wagon, cellar, etc.: rent >5O. 1401 Powell.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
HT^T^D_^K^iR7!o2TMa^rke^^
Established Over 26 Years j
Offers for Sale or Exchange
Rooming Houses, Boarding Houses....'..
Hotels. Flats, Private Homes
City and Country Real Estate.
Stores and -Business Places...
All sizes, price and
locations, from $10 to $10,000
for cash. Installments or easy
payments: money to loan at
lowest rates: give- me a call
I can suit you. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
ALL BARGAINS .:......
18-room house: sure to clear $100 $700
•» rooms; all rented; clears $175 2000
26 rooms; elegant corner; clears $150 1900
39 rooms on Market; clears $200 1S0O |
21 rooms; fine and sunny; clears $140 1200
10 rooms: very central; on Taylqr... — .". 400
16 rooms; near Eddy; new furniture 1350
E60 other houses, from $50 to $10,000. . .
Give me a call. I sell and exchange real es-
tate and business places. What do you want
or what have you to offer? Phone Mint 796.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st, opp. Sth.
A. CAMERON & Co..
850 Market st, and S Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to eell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
62 rooms; rent $135; well fur.; reduced.... $3250
45 rooms; rent only $125-; clears $22">; good
/ location: fur.; carpets; investigate 4000
£0 rooms; rent $125: 2-year lease; hard-
wood fur.; perm., transient roomers; 20
front rooms ". 1800
J5 rooms; rent $57 50; part cash: good.... 900
IS rooms: rent $47; brick building; good
fur., cpts; reduced to make quick sale 425
JS rooms; rent $110: fine location 900
SS rooms: cor.; rent only $125: located cen-
ter business part city of Stockton: best
paying house in city; elegant fur.;
clears ?275 ' 300C
_______________ ___ _ i
10.6 Market st. j
15 rooms; corner: a snap; rent $50..... $500 j
36 rooms: must sell for 500 j
.18 rooms; rent $50; only S00
20 rooms; corner: rent $65 .'. 1350
S2 rooms; rent $40; clears $100 1230 ;
60 rooms; rent $65: for 1200 j
ATTENTION, BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for it
in monthly payments' j
from the profits j
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
FIPHER & CO.. 935 Market St., opp. Mason.
S7 rooms, price fSOO: 35 rooms, price $1400.
14 rooms, price $1000: 12 rooms, price $550.
26 rooms, price $1400: 11 rooms, price $325. !
8 rooms; finely furnished: rent $30; $300.
If a bargain, we have them at any price.
___________________________
9 rooms on Minna st. price $25(1. .
14 rooms on Taylor st, price $700.
19 rooms on Grant ave.. price S1500.
•Eureka Real Estate, 2S Sixth st
Trifa largest and best list of lodging houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st.). ;
Phone Mint 1911. <
FOR SALE— House 11. rooms on Taylor st.
cheap if sold by July 1. Box 3653. Call office.
20 ROOMS, newly furnished; 3 years' lease;
$450. Apply at 105 New Montsrompry Ft.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations: medical clairvoyant:
treats cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellis-
Et. car: fit. $1; letter, $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
DR. WHEELER, the medium, wishes to an-
nounce to the public his departure for about a
j month. Upon his return he will locate per-
manently here.
ALL receive tests to-night, 10c: materializing
seance Sunday night. ARNOLD DICKSON,
148 Sixth st. . - . .
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak— Circles Tuesday
and Friday. 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, 2:30 p. m.,
10c: readings daily, 50c.
JOHN SLATER— Circles 25c. Mon. & Frl. eves..
8:15; Wed. afternocn, 2:45; sittings daily, 10
to 4, except Sun. 1803 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 305. Larkin
st; tel. Howard 2711: hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
j MISS DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 10271.
Market st, room 9.
MRS. LESTER. 148 Sixth at., rm. 12; circle
every evening, 10c; sittings daily, 25c and 50c.
SEE Watson, celebrated palmist and clairvoy-
ant, 1079 Market st; full reading. 50c.
KATIE HEUSSMANN, 136 West Mission St.,
nr. 13th-:-CircIe Fri. eve., 25c; sittings dally.
Mrs. Gillingham. hrs. 1 to 5; circles Sun., Wed..
Fri.. 10c. 305 Larkin. Wed..Sat..Oakld.,532 22d.
EDWARD EARLE. iii Ellis st— Readings
dally; seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: test to all to-nipht; 10c.
clairvoyants;
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and protrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles.- consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
DIFFERENT FROM ALL OTHERS.
1000 Callers Since May 1st.
Naaman, Russian seer, medium, palmist and
advisor, tells your name, what you called- for,
cures your disease or anything you want to
know: no charges in advance; natlsfactlon guar-
anteed; develops mediums In 2 months; teaches
P-JmlEtry. clalrvcyancy; hours 9 a. m. to 3
p. m. : readings by mall. 326 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction" guaran-
teed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Daily and Sunday. .
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never falls: has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret: shows picture of future husband
or wife; 25c up; satisfaction -to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 215',. Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnose, disease with life reading: ladies 50c,
gents il; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
FREE tests for 3 days— Mme. Sanders, 127 Ma-
son st, medium, palmist; teaches mind teleg-
raphy; advice on all business; hours 12 to 8.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives names, facts, dates; satisfaction by mail;
inclose stamp. 13S2 Market, op. Odd Fellows.
Mrs. Dr. Saylor. queen of clairvoyants _ palm-
ist? ; names and date?; L. 25c; G. 50c; mall $1.
loll 1 ,. Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1035.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny; never
¦ falls; readings. _0c. 1203 Mission St., cor. 8th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant and card reader;
ladles. 25c; gents, _0c. 132 Sixth st. • .
MESMAR Is the great fortune teller of this
city for peace of mind. 1152 Mission st.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11, 6th;German spoken ;tel.Howard 1848.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. ¦448'.. Jessie st., bet. Sth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth cr no pay; 20c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice;" names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st
CAB PET nEATIXG AXD CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with " poor work
*end to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-Ueat-
Ing Works. 3.3-3.7 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co... 402 Sutter st •
tct. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
RUDOLPH i CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Howard 2351.
JONES tt CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. .C-.7 Klghth st: tel. Jessie 1061. j
SANITARY 'cleaning and dyeins company.' 31*-
344 McAllister st.;. phone South 141 .
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating WorkT! G.-H
STEVENS, mp-. 3S-40 Sth st; tel. South 250.
J. K. MITCHEUV. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. ;4« Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
_T°>>. 3 F.lghth Et.;. telephone. Jessie 944. ,
CONKLIN'S Orpet-Beatir.g Work!\~333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126. ••, . .
• CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
- COLLECTION OFFICES. .
GEORGE W. KELLY'S AKency— No. charge un-
• less successful. . Room 310. 927 Market st.' - .
DEXTISTS.'.
AT~the ELECTRO-_)ENTA:_"ci,iNIC. 809 Ma£
ket st, cor. 4th, rm 7, Flood bldg., you can'
have your extractions 1 done painlessly; teeth
without plates our • specialty; gold crowns,,
¦ ¦ $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2'
- p. m. J. • W. THATCHER. M. P.; Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates," bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
j wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 years'
j experience: "no students: advice free;- prices
cheapest and guaranteed; ¦ lady attendants. 1
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 10 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3'50: fillings.
50c; plates, $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and -bridge work at bedrock prices. Office
1141 Polk St.. corner Sutter: open Sundays.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 .Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments:/ lowest rates. {
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
I - Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.S15% Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkllS5.
DR. II. .G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in. Murphy bldg. ¦
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 963 Mission st. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— ••Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth: • .',"
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
VOT7XG. 1341 Polk et. ¦ ... ¦
DltESSMAKERS ASP SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking &. Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st
ACCORDEON. pleating; country orders prompt
attPiition. 121. Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
. EDUCATIONAL. ./
pliirotrbldg^—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter., teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGEi 24 Post st,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy.. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining . engineering, etc. ; day
& night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship. $50;- individual
instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ¦
A— ARITHMETIC, reading, writing, spelling,
etc.: letters written; lady teacher: $3. 216
Minna st. - • ' ; ;
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
- Ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
' rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ACTING,- elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical . agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course, of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only *60. San . Fran-
cisco Business College, 1336 Market st. ; ;
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures: short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
PROF. L. MERKI, successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission st, nr. 6th.
Munson. Sohool Shorthand, Typing, Bookkeeping,
- Spanish. 1S7 Montgomery. E. M. Carpenter.pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electrlc-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'b Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co.— Thoroughly re-
liable; best help sent short notice: competent
men. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and Louse servants. ' GEO.
AOKI _• CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning and employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce: all kinds help. f\a Stockton: Main 51SS.
EMPLOY3IEXT WANTED— FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED Danish woman wishes situa-
tion in small boarding house or, family in
country; no washing. Address P. O. box
146. San Mateo. Cal. :
LADY would like a position as housekeeper in
family or hotel; city or country. Address
. K., Golden West Hotel, San Francisco.
TWO experienced nurses would like the care
of an invalid or insane person. Box 3651,
Call office.
LADY wishes work: upstairs work or making
beds at a hotel. Call 100 Fifth st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. 49 Minna
st., between First and Second.
LADY wishes to take in plain sewing or go
out by the day. Call 1136 Howard Bt.
A RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman
wishes position to do light housework in
small family; good plain cook. 712 Natoma
st, upper flat: no postals.
A TRAINED nurse from the East would like
the care of an invalid. Address MISS Mc-
LEOD. 1259 O'Farrell st, Y. W. C..A.
A YOUNG lady wishes work In an office dur-
ing mornings and evenings In exchange for a
. i-oom. Box 3642, Call office.
GOOD cook wishes situation In small family;
references; no postals. 7 Hunt st.. off. Third.
SLAVONIAN srlrl wishes situation to do gen-
I eral housework. 730 Vermont st.
LAST notice— To all "who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only. 9 days more to
redeem them.
¦WOMAN wants washing or other work to do.
M. REICHOW, 417 Harrison st. . .
PLAIN sewing and gents' mending: at home.
150 Fourth st., room 7. .
JAPANESE hon-est, faithful girl wants situa-
tion in family as houseworker or plain ccok-
lng; reference. Box 3659, Call office. • ; »
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms: 23c to $150 per night: $150 to
¦ $6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. • ¦ . > ¦ " .
EMPLOYMENT- WANTED MALE.
WANTED by married • man— Position as "en-
gineer; can handle direct current dynamos
and ice-making machinery; can erect and do
all kinds. of repairs on engines; good refer-
* ence If necessary. Box 4229, Call office.
WANTED— By a married man, as steward for
a mining boarding-house or to manage a
hotel In country: best of reference given; 4
• years in last place. . Address W. A. M.. S16
Van Ness ave. . ;-
POSITION by middle-aged man; understands
the care of horses and cows, and also run
gasoline engine; willing and obliging. C. K.
SYKES. 869 Market st , -•'.
FOREMAN for vineyard, thoroughly acquaint-
ed with wine-making, superintending . cellar,
field and orchard, wishes position. Please -ap-
ply at 630 Sacramento St., upstairs. .
WANTED — A position by coachman or as gen-
eral man about place; understands garden-
. Ing: references. Box 2256, Call office, Oak-
land. . •¦ ¦ . •
WANTED— A position as assistant bookkeeper
or collector: very well acquainted in city; can
Kive good references. Address box 3635, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes situation to do
housework or handy .about i place: handy
with tools or good orchardlst.' Box 3640, Call.
$50— A . SITUATION as collector, office man or
salesman: will give 550 to any one securing
1 me a position. Box 3603, Call/office.
COACHMAN, first-class family man. seeks
engagement with good pay. Address S. A. P .
box 2254.' Call office. Oakland. ;
GOOD cook, meat and pastry; hotel* or restau-
rant: country preferred. Box. 3633. Call office.
EXPERIENCED steady grocery clerk wants
position. Box 3636. Call office. . .-• - -
LAST notice— To all who have . pawned goods
' with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them. ¦ : '• - . ' .v.
MAN with family wants to take charge of
stock, ranch. Box 2255. Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG man wants position' In wholesale dry
goods and gents' furnlshga^ lOOSH Market, r."4. J
.CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2100 Fillmore «t.
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
Bi;SINEES OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cell, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 5-7 .Montgomery street,
ccraer Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
SO0 Hayes street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
C33 McAllister Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
f« Larkin etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
1M1 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
2X1 Market street corner Sixteenth: open
BBtO 9 r. m.
li« Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
10S6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
lucky Ftreets; open until 9' p. m.
T200 Fillmcre street: open until 9 p. m.
MI3ETINO JkOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. »
M —The officers and members of the _£^
above-named lodge are hereby notified
that the funeral ceremonies over the ~~_
remains of our late brother. EDWIN STREET
PENDLETON will be conducted by Alameda
Lodge No. 167, F. and A. M.. on SUNDAY.
June 16. at 1 o'clock p. m.. at the Masonic
Widows' end Orphans* Home. Decoto. I- riends
and acquaintances of the deceased are in-
vited. Interment Cypress Cemetery. Decoto.
Bv order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary-
EXCELSIOR Ledge No. 16«. F. and A. o
M —Called meeting THIS (SATUR- •*%_
DAY) EVENING. June 15. at 7 o'clock Jt^
sharp. Third degree. By order of the ~^ J
W. M. H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 165. F. and A. M. — • .
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY)
EVENING at 7:S0 o'clock. First de- T£ Jf
cree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretory, /v A
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 2C4, . I.
O. O. F.— Members assemble at -£41
lodgeroom at 9 o'clock a. m.
SUNDAY. June 16, 19C1. Funeral ' 7 ' n^
of our late brother. THOMAS JOHNSON.
W. A. HARVEY. N. G.
TO All Republicans of the Thirty-fixth As-
sembly District— At a caucus of 125 Repub-
licans held with open doors at Rolandos Hall
June 7, 1901. and by request of those present,
a committee was appointed by the chairman
of said caucus, and said committee was re-
quested to* report a plan cf temporary or-
ganization for a central district club. The
report of above committee will be received
by the Republicans of the Thirty-sixth Dis-
trict at an open meeting to be held SATUR-
DAY. June 15. 1901. at Rolandos Hall. Twen-
ty-eighth and Church Ets., at 8 p. m.
F. FRENCH. Chairman of Caucus. .
M. W. LITTLEFIELD. Sec. of Caucus.
Held June 7. 1DC1.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from A. Lundberg, in the
Joseph Thomas mine, at Plymouth. Amador
County, to deposit tailings In Indian Creek,
and from S. I. Simmons et als.. in the Vic-
tor placer mine, in Negro Canon. Sierra
County, to- depoFlt tailings in Charcoal or
Xecro Creek gives notice, that a meeting
«ill be held at room SJ. Flood building, San
Francisco. Cal.. on June 24. 1901, at 1:30 p. m.
LAPT notice — To 'all who have pawned ' goods
rvith UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more" to
redeem them. •
ADOPTION.
ANY respectable person living In the country
desiring to adopt a healthy and willing boy
of 12 years communicate .with box 3634. Call.
ASPHAI/TUM IIOOKIXG.
J. TELTIER. asnhalt roofing, sidewalks re-
rntred: portal. llfS Mission: tel. Falsorn 1607.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no f«.o without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market Bt. opp. Mason.
L." P. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
kot rt. . consultation free: no fees in advance.
DOARDIXG FOR CHIL_»REX.
__^_^_^ *
GOOD country home for children, with best
of care. H. M., S33 Forty-Eixth st, Oakland.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month: best
care:sunny yard;nr.school;reasonable.l607 Cal.
BUSIXESS CHAXCES.
A^20b^r"GRO^E¥Y~with~bIr7~rent $50 :~on
Fourth rt.. close to Market; a well-known
and good paying business; sickness of wife
compels owner to leave the city. Call R.
<j. WILKE, 26',; Kearny st
S1300— CANDY store and factory In Oakland;'
rent 130; the place clears above $300 per
month; owner has other business and must
t*ll. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26Vfc Kearny.
A— $350; DELICACY store and branch bakery
with 3 living rooms; rent $1S: kept by own-
ers eleven years; choice business location. !
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26*4 Kearny st.
A— $1250; CORNER grocery and bar, estab.
years; living rooms; rents $25: located on lead-
ing business et., cor. Natoma: death in family
cause gale. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V2 Kearny.
$700— CORNER grocery and bar with 3 living
rooms; rent $16; choice location in the Mis-
sion: & steady and pood-paying- business. In-
guire R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st
A— $150; COFFEE ealoon and restaurant: rent
$30: best location: clearing $100 per month.
Inquire R. G. WILKE. 2C»£ Kearny st
GREAT bargain— Saloon, 9 furnis_ied rooms
and bar: price $550; rent $25; doing a first-
class business; water front. R. G. WILKE.
tXhi Kearny st
A— J20CO: COUNTRY Ealoon. 30 miles from S.
F.; rent $35; place doing business of $8000 per
year; license $100 per year: lease. Particu-
lar* R. G. WILKE. 26V£ Kearny st.
A— $1250; FA-NCY grocery with selected stock
of wines and liquors; no bar; bottle trade:
dote to City Hall: living rooms; good busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st
A— $6C0; DELICACY, with home cooking de-
rartment doing a business of $30 per day;
r*nt $22; a money-making place. Call R. G.
WILKE 2C'i Kearny eL
A— $7jO; SALOON; no better located place In
this city: rent $50; place clears easily $150
l>er month: no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. 26VJ Kearny 6t
A A A— $600— Printing business; clears $100 mo.-
J1COO— Grocery and bar; low rent; pays well.
SCiO — Notions, ~s«:hool supplies; very cheap.
riCfO— Cigar stand; down town; long lease.
JSOO— Partnership: large profits; no store.
WOO— Fine country srocery.
We have a lanre number of different busi-
nef-set lor sale from $150 to $12,000. Call in
«nd see what we can offer >ou. WALTER
HAYES & CO.. S3S Market Bt.
A—WE have buyers for cigar store. $1000:
paloon. $4000 to $5000; barber shops, S500 and
I11C0; general business, $600 and $1000. List
your business with us; no charge for adver-
tising. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market
YOU can be suited in any kind of business by
calling at office.
<:. W. SCHYVEINHARD. 917 Market St..
near Fifth. Phone. Mint 1911.
11300— Old established hack business; 3 hacks. 4
horses. 2 gets of harness, traps and tools;
rent IS: doing enod business. GEORGE C.
YOUNG. Petaluma.
J60O— GROCERY and bar; rent $40: l^ss If de-
s'.red; Western Addition. Apply WICHMAN,
LUTGEN _ CO.. 318 Clay Ft. '
CORNER grocery and bar; five rooms; rent
paid until first of July; must sell Immediate-
ly; reasonable offer accepted; no agents. 311
San.Jose ave.
RESPONSIBLE party. Intending to reside per-
manently in Germany, desires to represent
¦ California, firms In Europe; highest refer-
ences furnished. Box 365$. Call office.
WANTED— Sober, tellable man for office work;
good salary; must invest from $200 to $500;
secured. Box S<50, Call office.
GROCERY business, wholesale and retail;
stock, fixture?, horses and wagon: no bar;
for Bale at a bargain. Bo_ 3C52. Call office.
FOR sale — A first-class ealoon. doing a (rood
business; roo4 reason for selling. Address
M.. box _!9. Petaluma. CaL
$Sm— UNION restaurant: bargain: part cash if
desired. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777«4 Market
FIIOFTMAKER fbop for sale cheap; best In
<ity; lots of work. Bex S661. Call office.
COFFEE and chop house for sale; price $61.
n7 Sixth st
ARK you ambitious to get Into a legitimate,
profitable business of your own without capi-
tal? Here is an opportunity; write us. inclos-
ing I5c. stamps or silver, for plan. ' Excelsior
t'omjary, 7?7 Market rt.
JBHANCH bakery nnd variety store: good place
for man and wife. 591 Fourth «t.
MAN* with J30O to Join party to work placer
rlaira at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call office.
Jirrfi— MI'ST Bell; ealoon: bargain: IT"od reasons.
f-4O <-ommerclal st, 2 doors from Kearny.
1'OU sale— Corner rrocery and bar. Corner
Zoe p.nd Freelon Bts.
l~«»It FaJ* — dieap; % cigar Ftore. 117 Fourth
rt.; ¦«-au»"? rfekney*.
IXJIt eale— Cheap; a cigar store, H7 Fourth
«-t.: cause, sickness.
.*.— WAOON-MAKINIZ and horfeslioelng shsp
for «ile at ¦ Itargaln. Call <0«. Jackson sf
wn.nave nome select nil land In DeviJ Den
oistrlct which must be sold. Further Infor-
mation West Coast Investment Co., Phelan
building. .
GOOD oi<enlnc for birber shop and baths In
hotel; alBo tailor. 71S Valencia st.
TO rxenange— Alaska developed mines ' for
prcpertjr or business. " S03*i Turk at.' -
_y." '..' .-. ¦'¦ ¦' * ESCHATOE.^
EXCHANGE and sale office, 321 Phelan bldg..
Market Bt.— Send particulars of anything you
have for exchange, . sale or want; registration
freq; insurance and loans.* '.-,•*¦• ¦ '¦'¦---:.
L . FEATHER ' RENOVATINti. _ ;
Feather beds, pillows." hair mattresses steamed,
purified.' Owen McCabe. S70 Mission, cor. 5th.
' ; ':', 'FLATSTO *' ET \." - -": ¦
THREK nice' sunny flats; newly papered and
painted: 3 and 4 rooms. 647, 649 and 653 Jes-
¦ Ele st.. n;ar Seventh: $12 and $15. " "- " . ¦
LAST notice— To ' all who have pawned -goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them.
ELEGANT furnished flat for sale, 4 rooms and
bath. 411 Ellla st. V . --
FEW steps ' from City - Hall, 2 fine flats, 5
rooms ' and ' bath. 10 Grove st. > •' .'
LINDEN ave., 509, near Laguna, st. — Flat of 3
. rooms; rent $9. ¦ . ;
FLAT— 5 large rooms, modern, partly fur-
nlshed; all carpe.ted ; rent $22. ; 568 Capp st. '..
APPLY Sutter. 2300—6 sunny rooms; appreciated
.if seen; $22 50; water, free; please investigate.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. . 1517— Upper flat, fur-
nished/4 rooms, bath; garden; nice home; $25.
ELEGANT furnished flat. 5 rooms, bath. 1221
.Laguna st. corner Ellis.
FLATS WANTED.
w£NraD^*uTnls'hT<r^^
state location and price. Box 3601. .Call.
, FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ELEGANT furniture 7- room flat; carpets, large
•mirrors, valuable paintings and statuary.
Box SC57, Call.. ' ..•¦¦¦¦- ¦¦ -
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 60, with No. 7
range King- Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE TV ANTED.
CAL. Auction "Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
• merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354:.
Auctioneer— L.VIncent,1305 Larkin; tel.Polk 694;
- furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cask.
CHAS. LEVY buys your *furnlture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. 761 Jessie.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C: Pw "h AN SEN «T CO . .... : 104 Geary Vt.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses, same springs 420
Waitress, springs, fare both ways.. $20
5 waitresses, same resort, fare one way. ...$20
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz Mts., fare both ways
$20
Chambermaid to wait, Santa Cruz, fare paid
$25
. 2 cooks, hotel and resort $40
Pantry woman, resort ..' ...$25
20 waitresses, city and country $20-$25.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Ranch cook. Oregon. $30 and fare paid; Cook,
Los Angeles, $25 and fare paid; cooks, house-
girls, ¦ nurseglrls, second girls, • ranch cooks,
etc. - .
C. R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary st.
A— PANTRY woman for Santa Cruz, see party,
here, $25, start to-day. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104, Geary st. -
MRS. M. E. DAY .'. Phone Main 1575
.- HOTEL DEPARTMENT i
Head waitress. $30; 6 waitresses, Santa Cruz.
$20; 3 waitresses, first-class mountain resorts.
$20, fare paid; 5" waitresses, springs, $20; 10
waitresses, city and country hotels, $20 and
$25; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20; 2 waitresses,
mining town, $20, see party here, fare paid;
pantry girl, summer resort, $20, fare paid;
woman dishwasher, $25.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, second girls and housegiris, city and
country. MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook for Sea. Beach Hotel, Santa
Cruz County, $40; cook, country delicatessen
store and lunch place. $50; 4 cooks, plain
wash, $30; 12 waitresses for city and country
• hotels and resorts, $20 and- $25; waitress for
restaurant, $30: head waitress, resort, $25; 4
second girls, $20 and $25; 15 girls for house-
work In nearby town, $25 and $30; 41 girls
for housework In city, $20 and $25: ironer,
country laundry, $30. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter Bt.
2 NEAT' young salesladies for flrst-class posi-
tions: steady work and good wages. MRS.
M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st. ._
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12
—Waitresses for summer resorts, $20.
FIRS'? -CLASS finishers ., and apprentices -on
custom-made ¦ coats, i Apply Metropolitan
Tailoring Co., 947 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS machine body Ironer; steady
¦work. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts. ¦ .
WANTED--Bright girl from 8 to 10 years old
to raise or adopt. J. C, 691 Thirty-fourth
st. Oakland. t
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests. BELASCO-
HARRIS CO., 641 Market st.
EXPERIENCED chambermaid; half day daily;
¦German preferred; wages $10.- 578 Howard st.
WANTED — A competent stenographer for mall-
order department; state salary expected and
references required. Box 3643, Call office.
A GIRL to make .beds; must be quick and
.neat; wages $20. with room and board. Ap-
ply at SHERMAN HOUSE. 28 Eighth street.
WANTED— A flrst-class hand at dressmaking.
707 Greenwich street, bet. Powell and Mason.
WANTED— A young nursegirl to go a short
distance in the country. 2010 Devisadero st.
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory,' 32VS Fremont st. Apply to
• MR. DAVIS. ¦¦ ¦ ¦ .
LAST notice— To all who have pawned goods
1 , with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them. ¦
APPRENTICE for hairdressing at G. LED-
ERER'S, 123 Stockton st.
GIRL 14 to 16 years to assist housework in
family. Box 3623. Call office. ' 9 '
PROTESTANT girl for light housework. 3631
Seventeenth st, near Dolores. .
WANTED— 2 first-class lady lroners; one of
them must be be able to run shirt machine;
¦wages, lroner, $30 and found; polisher, $35
and found. N. JOENSEN. Woodland. Cal.
EXPERIENCED shirt and overall operators;
best prices. HEYNEMANN & CO., 410% Mis-
sion st. ' ' .
Al FINISHERS on suits. M. SIMINOFF. 1228
Market st. . - -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
¦ , . HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. B, HANSEN & CO.'S.. ....104 Geary st
....For New Railroad Work
• BO teamsters, ship to-night, free fare.'.Truckee
50 laborers, ship to-night, free- fare.. Truckee
100 tunn'elmen, drillers and muckers.. $2, $2 60
For Chatsworth Park.. ship to-night.. free fare
50 laborers, ballasting track. Coast road
Laborers. Santa Barbara and L. A. Division..
Ship to-night Free fare Ship to-night
' 50 teamsters, ship daily, free fare. .....Uklah
50 laborers, ship dally, free fare Ukiah
6 miners- for asphalt mine, . $2 ' a day '. and
board; 6 teamsters for an orchard, $26 and
board; 10 lumber pliers, $35 and board; 6 la-
borers for mine, $2 a day;. 4 R. R. section
hands, $1 60 a day: blacksmiths,' ; farmers,
milkers, . choremen and others..
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Meat and ¦ pastry cook, country hotel,- $50;
second cooks. $60 and $70; fry cooks. $60 and
. $65; broiler. $60; 2 cooks, country hotels, $40
• and $50; waffleman, country hotel, $40; lunch-
man, $40; third cook. $35; 2 potwashers, coun-
try hotel. $35 and $25; dishwashers and kitch-
en hands. $25 and $30: 6 waiters, country
hotels,* $30 and $25; night watchman, country
hotel, $25; bell and elevator boys. $10 to $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO...... 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO J.....104 Geary St.
J. M. . Wells, the Iaundryman, please report.
C. R. HANSEN.-; CO .......104 Geary at.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP." AGENCY. [H
BO Third tt.,; phone Bush 405.
. E0 railroad laborers, $1 76 to $2 25 per day. ;
Free. Fare! Free Fare! -, Free Fare!
10 men for mills and woods; free fare.
4 tlemakers; ahip to-day;' free fare.
8 lumber pilers, $33 and $45 per mo." and bd.
5 rough carpenters, $2 60 per 'day.' ¦
* 10 men for harvest fields; $2 per day.
10 laborers, $14 per week; to-day. :.-, ¦¦"*•;'
TeamHters, drillers; $2 25 per day. '•'-..•
4 woodchoppers, j)lne, • $1 25 per cord.
10 men to ballast track: S2 per day. .
, 1 first-class powder man; $2 50 to $2 7o per day.
• Man to milk 20 cows; $30 per month.
-. 4, section: hands, s: P. R. It.;. free fare." '
3 laborers, for country: no blankets.
"10 men 'for i harvest;. $2 per day. .
i- Camp cook: $45 r>er month.' >, '?¦
4 men to. hoe. potatoes: 31 per day.' .
A— HOTEL GAZETTE; 2C Montgomery, room 12
—Pastry cook, country. $75; man as bartender
¦ and wife to wait at table, country hotel, $43;
-.2 colored. waiters, $30; bedmaker. $3 a week. •„
JOURNEYMEN Barbers*.; International Union—
. Free employment. 927 i Market Ft, room 207.
I. LESS, Secretary;' telephone " Jessie 1178. ' .,
UNDERPRESSER on pants. BELASCO-HAR-
,"RIS CO.. 541 Market »t.Large Packing-House Burned;
. MEXICO ;CITY,V June 14.— The jNatiohal
Packing ' House »' of i this / city t was * burned
to-day. . Loss,' $300,000. "';-.*¦....•,.•-;
, NEWARK," N." J.;, June 14.— Vice Chan
cellor Stevens ; to-day ; brought : the suit of
Calvin O. Geer and the C. H. Venner Conu
pany '<£ against ; the -Amalgamated / Copper
Company to • a t sudden' ending . by 'denying
the application of. the complalnanis for an
Injunction J? to i restrain the absorbing - of
the 'Butte and Boston : and Boston and
Montana companies by; the Amalgamated
Company.- »OV-"\- *¦''.'.-. " ;¦ •-- ¦'; •*•-¦;.:¦••
Copper Trust '• Wins in. Courti
California .....130 134 ; OS I. & H 40-'—
Geary :.::::.%'.",— ", 40 "'rr. Presidio <"..V.T.r 25 —
Market v : ..... .".' 70 Jg — 18 1 W&3Mffi8l&&8mgg£@St&
STREET h RAILROADS.
German •;'. ...'.1900 --— "* Sav & Loan.... — —
Humboldt 4 Z.'.~ — V—i Security "..;;.. 275. —
Mutual ••;.;*.r:v. 60 '.'—"; Union Trust."; 1400 —
San Francisco. 525 -550 ".'-..•
SAVINGS BANKS.
Anglo-Cal ?. : .i ,77 ?-' 81 '= L P & A..:: .: .147 ' —
Calif ornla ... . — 410 ¦ Mer '¦ Ex (liq) ;-. IS —
Cal Safe Dep.: 107^ — ,-" , 8 F National . ; 122'4 "—
First Natl..... 303 313 - *
BANKS.
. -. " . . ';> /,';%- INSURANCE,
Flrem's - Fund.236 : 243 : f
GAS I AND . ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P...' 3 — • Pac.Lt..'..'..".:. 47% —
Equitable .V..V. 3%. 3% Sacramento ... — . 33 r
MutuaP. ;.:....:. 4% — 8F G & E.... 38% 38»i
Oakland *.'..r.'.. 50% 51';- San Francisco.r 4 .'4%
pacific Imp... 36^4 —; StktnG & B.-'— . ~
GOMMERGIAL NEWS
Coiitrnued Prom Page Ten.
: . DENVER;"' June lt-The National Asso
ciation- of Local Freight Agents' Associa
tions to-day completed the business' of ita
convention by : electing * officers and choos
ing • Cleveland ¦ as the t next place of meet
ing 1 . ¦"¦¦. The v officers are as follows: ¦ Presi
dent,. T. P.iAdams,^ St. 1 - Louis, re-elected;
vice ¦ president, W. ,H: • Bumpas, '• Nashville •
secretary, r James •- Anderson,- Omaha" re
elected; ¦ treasurer, C." H. Newton; Toledo'
Ohio: " To-morrow will - be • devoted : to > an
excursion to the summit of Pikes Peak
Freight Agents Choose Officers.
GRAND
J M Reuck & fy, LA*
C Rpwell, Fresno
W-B Ferguson Jr. USN
M H Avery. Oakland
S V Ryland, Stockton j
Mrs Wade, Salt Lake
Jessie Mull. Salt Lake
J.W Wade, Salt Lake
T D Gilmore, Idaho
F Wilson. Portland v
J F Eshelman, Seattle
M E Flanlgan, Eureka
Helen Flanigan, Eurka
G McAdams, ¦ Eureka
R Noble, Eureka . ¦
C E" Moehle, Chicago
C E Glllls. Belmont
Mrs A H Obear, Los A
G,E Gardiner, Oroville!
J D Ross & w, Portlnd
O D Collins. Grt Falls
C B Jllson & w, Napa
Mrs F Richards, Santa
Rosa- , - -
W J Lee/ Cal I
E M Weaver. Phila
E Schweitzer, ] Chicago
J B Kirkpatrick, Mass
T L Bell, Arcadia .
J Steffens, Sacto
J L Steffens, NY
HOTEL.
P li Flanagan, 'Reno ¦>
H B Day, w & d, Cal
M Vassar, w & ch, Cal
P Perry. Oshkosh ¦
G A McElfresh, Los A
A Smith, Los Angeles
R D Hawkins, Yreka
Mrs W G Hammond &
dau, St Louis
G ;R Rider & -w, . Eacto
H F Bracher, S Jose
D W Pierce. Los Ang
C E Bru baker. S Lake
Miss W .Wing. Portlnd
H V-Ve.n Pelt & fy.
Salt Lake
A. H Warfleld. Merced
AC Friedberger.* Lodi
J T Wheeler. Nev
Mrs N Gard & sis, Pt
Richmond • . , ¦ . .
M E Dailey, San Jose ,
A E Shumate, S Jose
H A Pratt. Fresno
Mrs W W McLeod.Tex
Mrs M ; Russell. Texas
J Gallagher, Fresno . \
W J -Tlnnin.- Fresno x *
O Browne, Los Ang
R McAlpier, Wash
L II Royer, Ohioi
PALACE ' HOTEL.
H E A Child, England
EH Child, England -
J.W Warwood, Englnd
Dr ! G Hoze. Vienna
G Otto, -China
G Brandbeck. China
W . B ¦ Jones, - Boston: •
Mrs E de Guan, Japan
H T> Thomas Jr. Phila
J I H Welch. Boston
J S Hutchings, N Y
H J C Hllderbrahd, • N
•York : •.; ¦¦¦'•¦ ' ' ,
J.B Ellis, 'N Y.'
E S Terry, w & maid.
Salt Lake
F P Purvis, Glasgow.
E H McClurg & w. Mo
F C. Towns, Utica, NY
J . E •'¦ Bourke.Y Chicago
E R : Kirk, .- Seattle t .>¦ '
J B Kirkpatrick, - Mass
G D Gleason, N J* -
G • J Koenlg; San Jose
L W Henshaw. Cal - ,
C • A Hubert," Los Ang
S V Rylarid, Stockton '
B A Rosenthal, N Y I
E W Nicholson, Phlla"
P A' Bates. NY- •
C G Smith, -Stanford
S H Adams, Stanford '
J Goldsmith & • f am,
Portland -,. " ;r »
A Thornam, London •
J . H Mackenzie, I Cal . '.'
A W Krotzel, Phila
R Burgess & w, Chgo
A Wilson; Denver -
Mrs A Wilson." Denver
Miss M .Wilson, | Denvr
R A Clarke & w • N ¦ T
H A Smith, Cal
J • Henderson . & w, ¦ Cal
Miss M K Wilson, Cal
E J Kendall, Cal
Miss J Robb.N T -
M B Bradbury, Mo
W J Keay, San Rafael
M , Welcker/- Cal
E A Carton; NY
T D Wood & w, Cal-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Ca'dwell. Denver
Mrs.'A Kansen. Seattle
C Holtzmann, . Penngrrv
R E Davis & w, Stockn
G White, ¦ Stockton :::;
H Lee,- Santa Rosa . .;.
W Gilbert, Eureka . ".
H Thorson. ; San Mateo
B Ryan, Eureka -
J K Pitt, . Eureka ;
V . W Kalatof , Llvermr
P Peterson & w. Cal
Dr A J Ellert," Mich
A J MoGurn. Nev : 1 1 ' .
J G ; Ptnlang-. San Joee
Miss B Sample,- Sn 'Jos
A C Paul.. Nevada
H McFarland. ; N Y-"
P J Murtha & w, Cal
* HOTEL ABBIVALS.
Will Investigate Recent Explosions.
WASHINGTON, June 14.-The explo
sfons which have occurred of late in
naval powder magazines, first at the In
dian Head proving 1 ground, below Wash
ington,' and quite recently at the naval
magazines in San Francisco, have directed
the attention of the naval officials to the
need . of makinsr , thorough: inquiry as to
the " means of ¦ safety to be employed in
handling. the dangerous explosives now in
use. A board of naval officers was ap
pointed to-day, with Lieutenant Com
mander Mason at its head, to convene at
Newport., to take up the entire powder
question.'
Thomas 3. Williams Jr. to' Catherine "Wil
liams, lot.on'N line of Vallejo , street, 175 "W
of Van Ness avenue, : W 30- by N 137.6 ; y gift. '-
St. John's Presbyterian Church to Bokrd'of,
Trustees of Calvary Presbyterian Church and
Congregation of San Francisco (a corporation),
lot on SB corner of California- and Octavia
streets.- E, 68:9 by »S.137:6;.420,000. . - - vnsf, *¦
E. ; M. and Margaretta Morgan and H. L.
Miller (by R. H. Fitzgerald, commissioner) to
Homer S. King, lot on N line of Twenty-sixth
street, 260 B of Noe, E 20 by N 114; $1600.
James B. Brooks and Frank Ralston (by D.
A. Hare, commissioner) to same, lot on S line
of Jersey street. 200 E 'of Douglass, • E 20 by
S 114; $1600. • ¦ ..
Sharon Estate Company. to Henry E. Bothin,
lot on.S line of Clay street, 340:1% E of
Drumm, E 30:3% by S 59:9; also lot on N line
of Commercial street, 339 :4%' E of Drumm, E
29:0V4 by N 69:9, quitclaim deed; $500. I
Dennis J. and Catherine F. Dailey to Mary
E. Dailey, undivided one-fifth -interest In lot
on SE corner, of Pacific and Powell streets,
E 22:6 by 8 67:6; $1000. , .
Laura P. and. Louis J." Harrison to A. B.
McCreery,. lot on N line of Sutter Btrect, 60
W of Powell, W 27:6 by N 87:6; $10. -'.
, Dolores P.- de Loalza to Dolores and Amparo
C. Loaiza, lot on.S line ot Washington etreet,
137:6 -W of Taylor. W 38 by S 137:6; also lot
on SW corner of . Washington and Taylor
streets.' S 55 by W 137:6; gift.
Samuel R. Crooks vs. Jonathan J. Crooks
ct al. (by J. T. Harmes, Gustave H. Umbsen
and Peter J. Sullivan, referees) to Thomas S.
Williams, lot on B corner of Third and Mis
sion streets, NE 77:6 by SE 55; $94,250.
" Julia Roach to Michael, David L.,' James T..'
Jeremiah E.,' Thomas and Frank Roach lot
on NW line of Folsom street, 275 NE of Fifth,
NE 22:11 by NW 160; also lot on N line of
Twenty-fourth, ; 75 E of York, E 25 by N 101;
gift. .-*• -'¦••.. - •
Martha V. W oodwar<1 to Isabel W. Melsted,
lot on N line of A street, 57:6 E of Twelfth
avenue, E 26 by N 100; gift. ' -.
;• Jacob 'and Lina Heyman to George H. Fitch/
lot on E.llne of Forty-ninth avenue 112:6 N
of K street, jN 60 by E 120; $1500. .
Solomon und Dora.Getz to Frances T. Gra
ham, lot on N line of N street, ' 82:6 E of
Eleventh avenue, E 25 by N 100; $500.
John A. Williamson to Lewis P. and Emma
F. Norberg, lot on N. line of Sagamore street,
150 W of Plymouth avenue, W 60 by N 125,
block D, Railroad Homestead No. .2; $1000." ;
¦ Ernllle Strouse ' to / Domenlco arid ¦¦ Lena Nai
varra. lot on W line of Manchester street, 323
N of Stoneman, N 25 by W 80, Preclta Valley
lot 122, quitclaim deed; $10.' • •
Catherine T. and William Finn to same,
same; $1000. , . * ; -
W.--B. , Benchley to Nellie -B. Benchley, lot
34/ block 4, ¦ Sunnyslde Addition No. 1; $10. ¦»
Francisca R. and Richard Rechenbach to
Davis "Louderback, undivided one-fifth interest
in estate of Henrietta von Hadeln, deceased
(probated in San Francisco) ; $1500.
Builders' - Contracts. *
Robert ' C. and Ruth Schafft (owners) with
R. H. Walker and H. F. Barrett (contractors)
architect- R. H. Walker— All work for a two
story frame residence on lot of owner in Sun
set 'District (E Eleventh avenue. 225 N of O
street. N 25 by E. 120); $1170. ¦¦-.* - L .: ¦-¦
t Charlotte Gleln (owner) with Walker Bros.
Co.; (contractors), architect T. Paterson Ross-
All work, for a. two-story and basement 1 frame
residence on SW corner i of Waller and Bu
chanan streets,- W . 90 by S 30; $5S00.
' John . Manning (owner) with C. F. Sheibley
(contractor),, architect Alexander, F. Oakey—
Excavating, concrete, brick, terra cotta, car
penter and " mill work, ..' plastering; hardware
and glass, ' except" art glass, for a two-story
frame building • (three flats) on ¦ N line of - Te
hama street, 225 .W of Fourth, ¦ 25 by 75; $4465. i '
. E. J. Baldwin (owner) with J. S. Stratton
(contractor), architect -.—All excavating. 4
pumping, ..shoring, - needling, • putting ¦ In and
maintaining^ bulkhead to enable . bricklayer I to
underpin ¦¦ and " holding in position, until 1 under
pinned the W wall of brick building known
aa Baldwin Annex 'building, between N line
of I Market street and S line of ; Ellis ; $6000. ' I
• Mutual' Savings Bank ' (owner) -with - E 'F
Jones (contractor),-, architect William Curlett
—Work of setting all iron and steel > work, of
driving all field rivets in said iron and steel
and 'painting same 'after erection on ten-story
and Joasement « fireproof i building on S ; lino ' of
Geai^r stree.t- 30:6 WX-Of Kearny,*W< 73:10% ' S
38:2%,.'SE 52:9%,, NE 53:0%, N 50^0%; $8891.' '
BEAIi ESTATE TRANS ACTIONS.
' ¦ _ . POWDER.
Giant 75 76%|VIgorlt ........: 8 8V4
-'¦SUGAR- '-.'¦¦¦¦¦ -. 'I
Hana ... ..'..... 7% 7% Kilauea .....~ 18T4 WH
Hawaiian — 55 iMakaweli 3SH 39
Honokaa .... .V 21% 21% Onomea - ....... 21% —
Hutchlnson ... 19& 19%'Paauhau<.:.... 26 . 15%
MISCKLLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack..l28%"— Oceanic S S.- 47H —
Cal Fruit Can. — 98 - Pao Aux F Al. 3 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 • — Pac C Borax.. 155 *.-•—,¦
Merchnts' Ex.110 — ; Par Paint...... 16" —
. . , - -' - . ¦ Morninr Session. '
Board— ¦ , - ;-'.'.
- f 10 Alaska Packers' Association...... 129 75
- 50 CbntraS Costa Water 8460
40 Hana Plantation C0..7:.. .....;.... 7^60
v. 100 Honokaa ..-..:: 21 12^
-; 60 Honokaa ........•.......: ..2125
; . 75 Hutchlnson S P Co 19 50
60 Kilauea. Sugrar Plantation Co 19 00
¦, 40 Makaweli. cash 38 75 "
- 113 Makaweli V. ;.-...... ;.. .'..._ 88 75
$10,000 Los Angeles Railway 5s ....114 50
,45 Pacific Gas Improvement. 34 50
1 10 Pacific Gas Improvement....: 84 23
. 5 Pacific Gas Improvement....' 34 62Va
35 Pacific - Gas Improvement 34 75 ¦
- 20 Pacific Gas Improvement.. 35 00
15 S F Gas & Electric Co S7 50
• \G0 S F Gas & Electric Co .:..... 83 00 I
_*10 3 F Gas & Electric Co............. 37 87^4
10 S F Gas & Electric Co.......". 33 12%
$1.000. Spring Valley 4s <2d mortgage)... 102 00 a
: Street— '
115,000 Los Angeles Lighting 5s 103 25
n,000 Northern Railway, of Cal 5s. .".... .119 00
' * ' . / Afternoon Session.
¦ Board— ' '.'.¦-"; ¦
10 Alaska Packers' Association 129 NVi
. 60 Hutchinson S P Co.... 19 60
25 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co. 19 00
' ; ao Oceanic Steamship Co 47 12H
35 Pacific Gas Improvement.......... 35 00
5 Pacific Gas Improvement. 34 75 '
. 35 Pacific Gas Improvement.. 35 25
- 110 S F Gas & Electric Co.... 38 60
5 8 F Gas & Electric Co 38 75 ..
$7,000 S'P of A Bonds (1909)...... 113 60 -.
55 Spring Valley Water 82 CO .
"
$4,000 Northern Railway of Cal 5s 119 00
$3,000 Oakland Water 5s.. 105 00 .
„ PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. ,/;
Morning Session. \
Board— > . ., - %
S00 Hartford, Fresno, .Kern River........ . 08 •
300 Lion.' s 60 ...: 11
100 Monarch of Arizona, s 60 28
• 60 Monarch of Arizona, cash.. 30
100 Monarch of Arizona..... ' 29 .
1198 Petroleum Center - 07 ¦
120eReed Crude 43
:¦¦.*,.-¦¦- Street— ¦'¦ ' rr : ,
4 Hanford, b 6O.:....:............r. 87 00 -
Afternoon Session. -'."-¦.
. Board — ' .. /. .."I-i.-W
60 Bay City SO
,2 Hanford 85 00
100 Home ..;..;.....:. 7f." 3 10
200 Home 3 15 '
1000 Independence ............;... 13
10O Junction 23
600 Junction- 23 -
1000 Lion .:..... 11
100 Monarch of Arizona." 27
600 Occidental of W. Va....'. 50
2100 Petroleum Center ..." 07- '
j 100 Petroleum Center 06 r
COO Sovereign 23
200 Sterling '. 1 35
SAN FRANCISCO OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning. Session. ¦ .''"/• '
Board—
100 California Standard 27;
. 100 Kern Oil .: : 4 75
300 Lion 11 -
Afternoon Session! /
Board —
E00 Junction . 22
'. 100 Monte Cristo 2 12%
10 Peerless ., :.... 5 75
I0O Sterling .......'. ". 140
; MINING STOCKS.
" The following were the sales In the . San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session. . . ' v : • ¦•-
200 Belcher ........ 06 300 Ophlr ...-¦ 100
100 Caledonia ..... 45 300 Savage C9
lOOConfCal & Va.2 20 l 200 Sierra Nevada. 24
,500 Gould & Curry 06 200 Union Con ... 18
100. Mexican 29
Afternoon Session.
"200 Belcher '... 061 600 Hale & Norcrs 27
100 Caledonia ' 45 200 Mexican 23
200 Challenge ..... 17 100 Overman 22
200 Chollar :.......; 06 !
The following 'were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: . * -,;.
. Morning Session.'.
200 Best & Belcher 19| 100 Ophir. ... ... 99
100 Caledonia 48 100 Ophlr 93
200 Con Cal & V.2 22%l 500 Sliver Hill 30
300 Hale & Norcrs 26 1 100 Silver Hill ... 31
800 Mexican 2SI
1 Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 20 400 Ophlr 99
- 10O Con Cal & V.2 22^ 300 Ophlr 93
*800 Hale & Norcrs 27 300 Ophlr ...; J7
500 Mexican • 2S 200 Sierra Nevada. 25
300 Ophlr ..........100 200 Utah 05
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRir»\Y, June 14-4 p. m .
I Bid.Asl 1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 (• ustlca 02 03
Alta ....;. — 0 :entuck 01 03
Andes 1 04 0 '^dy Wash ... 01 —
Belcher ........ 06 C lexlcan ....... 27 23
Best & Belcher 20 2" Accidental 03 04
Bullion :.. 01 K Ophlr 98 £>
Caledonia 41 45 Overman 22 23
Challenge Con. 17 IS Potosl 10 13
Chollar 06 07 Savage : 09 .10
Confidence .... 63 68 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.2 20 2 25 Seg Belcher .. 01 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 24 25
Con New York — 01 Silver Hill ..... 29 31
Crown Point .. 07 09 St Louis C6 —
Eureka 'Con .. 06 — Standard 3 53 3 60
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 05 07
Gould & Curry 06 ' 08 Union Con 18 20
Hale & Norcrs 26 27 Utah 04 03
Julia- — \ 02 Yellow Jacket. 18 ' 14
STIiVANIA,'Ga., June 14.—The hanging
of five men upon the same gallows at the
same moment here today marked the end
of .what is thought to have been an.' organ
ized . gang, of murderers. -.The men exe-.
cuted were Arnold Augustus, 1 Andrew". Da
vis, Richard Sanders, "William Hudson and
Samuel Baldwin, all negroes. The victims
of - their crime, were Constable Mears and
Filmore Herringtoh, whom they ambushed
and shot - to death, • and - Captain -Wade,
whom they ¦' seriously Iwounded. . On at
least two "occasions'efforts-were made "to
lynch the murderers," but by the prompt
action of the officers of the law they were
frustrated. On one of these occasions the
Governor found It necessary to order out
three companies of the State militia, /' "
The '„ execution to-day was strongly
guarded by local militia, because of a ru
mor that an effort would be-made by ne
groes to ¦ effect the rescue of the con
demned. But there was no disturbance
nor the suggestion of any. The hanging
was in private, the stockade" being •¦ sur
rounded by: a. strong cordon of troops.^
Five thousand persons gathered in the
village, but only about forty were admit-"
ted to the inclosure. The condemned men
maintained a stoical reserve,. refusing to
confess or to talk about the crime. They
were attended by > ministers of their own
race, who besought them to -ease (their
consciences by making some acknowledg
ment of their sins. Still they refused to
talk. The five, shackled in -chains, were
marched upon the gallows together. When
the trap fell the necks of four were
snapped like reeds. The fifth struggled
for five minutes.and died of strangulation.
The five bodies were cutyiown in a drizzle
of rain. .. V 5 -.. - :
These five negroes were. convicted. of a
murder committed under an alleged crim
inal conspiracy by an organized band of
blacks, known as "Knights of the ..-rqh
er." The motto of the organization was,
It is said, "Death to the Whites." The
murder for which the \ men died was but
the culmination of a long series of crimes.
It is common report that the charter of
the oath-bound organization was signed
in blood, and.the leader, Andrew McKin
ney,: assembled his band only at night,
when he swore them, with awesome rites,
to secrecy and to deeds of death and rob
bery. ¦¦: •- •" .-, '-¦ - -¦ ¦ . ¦ y.j :
In October, 1899, Milton,Mears, a Con
stable of Schreven County, Fillmore Her
rington and Captain - Jesse ;Wade started
out.from Sylvania to serve a warrant for
the arrest of Joe Sanders, a young negro
wanted for ' some trivial offense. No
sooner had they, reached | his house than
a' fusillade -began." From the cracks be
tween the logs'of the cabin and.from a
thicket of dwarf trees close by came the
flash of Hflcs and shotguns, and the three
men ' f e]JL desperately wounded."- - Captain
"Wade managed to crawl to his buggy and
make his way to Sylvania, where he told
of the shooting. . Herrington and Mears
were literally shot to pieces." The murder
ers escaped, but one. after.:another five
were arrested and placed: in jail here.
These were the.men who were hanged to»
day. ~
The others, including McKlnney and the
real leaders of the Knights of the Archer,
successfully effected their escape and
have never been captured.
•:&;.: :¦.. : ..'.: ..• "r ' '.{ .
'
¦
Forfeited Life for His * Crime.
I BRUNSWICK, Oa.,. June 14.—Tracey
Griffin,;colored, was hanged there to-day
for the murder in October last of R. Mar
ion Latimer, a passenger conductor on the
Southern Railway/ The conductor was
killed for ordering the negro to come in
side the car from the. platform while the
train was In motion. - - <r;
Bravely .' Face Death and
: Sing Before Leaving
- "Their Cells.
Were Members of a Gang
Sworn to Robbery r .
and Murder. .
FIVE NEGROES
DIE ON GALLOWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO; GAIiL, SATURDAY, JUNE 15, 1901.
13
; PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS.— State Prison supplies.— Sealed
. proposals will be received at the office of the
clerk at the State Prison. San Quentln, until
10:30 a, m., Saturday, the 15th day of June,
1901, i and at the office of the clerk at . the
State Prison at Folscm, until 9:30 a. m..
Monday, the 17th day of June. 1901. at which
times and places they will- be opened In the
'presence of bidders, for furnishing and deliv-
ering supplies for said prisons, consisting of
I subsistence stores, forage, fuel; fuel oil. . fur-
. nlshlng power to run the Jute mill at * San
' Quentin. | clothing, medicines, lime, cement
and other staple supplies, from 'July 1, 1901,
to June 30, 1902, Inclusive, on conditions as
per printed schedules, which .will be furnished
upon application at either of .the above of-
fices. No bid will.be considered unless made
' upon said schedules, nor unless accompanied
by the certified check , therein required, nor
from any, other parties than bona fide dealers
• In the classes of "articles to be furnished.
" Each bidder ¦ must accompany his » bid ¦ with
• a certified check upon some well 'known and
responsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of - His bid. payable to
R. ,M. Fitzgerald, president of the board, ¦
conditioned . that the bidder will enter Into
a 'contract upon notice of acceptance, as re-
• quired iby law. 1 Bids for either prison must
. be ' marked separately. All payments mafie
* on contracts will be paid In cash > or • Con-
troller's warrants. Bidders will carefully fol-
low the ' conditions > of the schedules. I The
. board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids, as the public interest may require, and
to order any quantity over or under - the
amount specified. R. M. FITZGERALD,
president: F. ~W. REYNOLDS, acting clerk.
' MARRIAGE UCENSES. '
The following marriage licenses were lsiued
yesterday: ¦
Ernest 1 J. Maeson, 23, East Oakland, and
Vera Mayers, 20, 817H Golden Gate avenue.
Ralston Klels, 24, 608 Eddy street, and Amy
L. Davids, IS, 422 Seventh street. .
Edmund J?. Lewis. 26, 7 Pearl street, , and
Mary E. Howard, 26, Marshfleld, Or. > '
William J. Koenig, 26, 1306 Greenwich street,
and Annie B. Wachter, 22, 1025 York street. .
Fred Osterloh, 24. 1089 Howard street, and
Carrie .M. Meyer, 19. Oakland. ~- ¦ ¦
William S." Keay, 29, Cranbrook, B? C, and
• Florence May Henderson. 28, Barrle, Ontario.
Robert R. Woodward, 36, 319 Grant avenue,
and Frances Clayton, 37, 319 Grant avenue. ¦:
• Frank W. Pierson, ' 21, 1334 Washington street,
and Laura S. Dyer, 18, '3712 Sacramento street.
James A. - Comerford, 20. 1331% California
street, and Isabelle S. Tranc, 18, 3 Alger place.
Conrad Christ. 82. 1923 . Flllmore street, and
Anna E. Salomonson. : 26. 1002 Ellis street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. r ,
, Birth, marriage and death • notices sent . by
mail will not be inserted. They must be banded
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. *; -';¦:
FLETCHER-^In this city, June 12. 1901, to the
wife of Walter K. Fletcher, a son.
MARRIED. .
CARREN— MEINBERGER— In this city, June
11, 1S01. by the Rev. Dr. Buckbee, John
Thomas Carren and Lily-Melnberger. -
HEWITT— SHEHAN— In this city. June 2,' 1901.
by the Rev.- Dr., Buckbee, Charles Edward
Hewitt and Maybelle Clair Shehan.
DIED. ,-.-._.
Bednawskl, . Alex. • -' Hudson, Mary C.
Berry, Martin ' Levy, Lena & Henry.
Chesley, Charles ' P. Llewellyn, Caroline '
M. D.- v " ' : Long, David W.
Collins, Bridget ; Mellin. Nellie
I Desautel, Joseph /¦ Nealon, Joseph
Faubel, Phillip Neely, Margaret
Fitzgerald, David F. O'Brien, Sarah •
Fltzpatrick, Mary C. Reilly, SisterAdolphus
Fletcher (Infant) Ryan, Anna L. ¦.
Gwllt, John Ryan, James J. ,
Henshaw.'Mre. Helen Smith, Maud A.
Holzhuter. Relnhold Ward. Michael
Houge, Hamilton. White, Fenton
BEDNAWSKI-In this city, June . 14, 1901.
Alexander Bednawski. a native of Poland,
aged 87 years 7 months and 5 days. ' ¦
tCTFTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the "funeral Monday,
June 17. at S:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to Sacred
"' Heart Church, corner of Fillmore and Fell
/streets, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated ' for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Croes
Cemetery. . . : * .
BERRY— In this city, June 13, 1901, Martin
Berry, uncle \ of Agnes • Kane, a native of
County Mayo, Ireland, aged 79 years. ¦ .
lC?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
.'of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St.' Patrick's .. Church for services
• at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Please omit- flowers. ; v ' ;
CHESLET— In v this city, June lift 1901, Charles
Palmer Chesley, M. D., husband of Martha
M. , Chesley. apd father of " Mrs. • Henry -T.
Bush, a native of New Hampshire, aged 67
years, j (New Hampshire, Vermont and Maine
papers please copy.) • - '
COLLINS— In this city. June 13, 1901, Bridget,"
beloved wife of the late Edward Collins.* a
native- of County Gal way, -¦ Ireland. ¦ .
fCT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 6 Norton place, off Filbert street,
between Montgomery and Sansome. thence to
St." Francis Church, where ¦ a solemn requiem
I mass will be celebrated for the repose of
' her soul," commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mouiir*Calvary Cemetery. f . , . ,¦¦
DESAUTEL— In Oakland. June 13," 190J, Jo-
seph Desautel, a native of Canada, axed 69
years. - ,
FAUBEL— In this city, June 14, 1901, Phillip,
beloved husband of Katie Faubel, father, of
George and Henry Faubel and Mrs. George
Lahusen, and brother of John and Jacob
Faubel. Mrs. , H. Sylvester, Mrs. K. ' Wanz
and Mrs. Jacob Wideman, a native of Ger-
many, aged 65 years 11 months and 14 days. '¦
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3247 Sixteenth street. ! Interment I. O.
O. F., Cemetery.
FITZGERALD— In this. city. June 14,' 1901."
¦ David F.'. beloved son of Johanna and the
late Patrick Fitzgerald, and loving brother
of Michael J., William F., John J., ( George
T., Elizabeth T. and the late Patrick C.
Fitzgerald Jr., a native, of , San Francisco,
¦aged 27 years 5 months and 22 days. ' \
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday)," at 2 o'clock, from his late, resi-
dence, 202V4 Francisco street. . " Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. ' :¦ ¦ . •
FITZPATRICK— In this city, June 13, 1901,
Mary Clalr. dearly beloved, daughter- of Wil-
liam and Mary Catherine . Fltzpatrick, ¦ and
Bister of Joseph, Francis and Anthony Fitz-
patrlck, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years and 9 months. : .. - „ . -
IC3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 54 Valley street. . Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric car at
" ,10 o'clock. - ' ' ¦. ' . - .
FLETCHER— In this city, June; 12, 1901,. ln-
¦ fant son of Walter K. and Mary E. Fletcher.
OWILT— In Oakland, June 14, 1901, John, be-
loved husband of Susan Gwllt, and father of
John W. Gwllt. and Mrs. Edwin M. Fant
(formerly of Portland, Or.), a native of New-
town, Wales, aged 64 years 8 months and
. 9 days. , ., ; •;•¦.-" , '.¦.. -,; . - "
• C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend. the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at. Trinity
" Episcopal Church, Telegraph avenue and
Twenty-ninth street, pakland. , Interment
Mountain.. View Cemetery. ¦ . « ,
HENSHAW— In this city. June 14, 1901, . Mrs.
Helen E. Henshaw, J a native of New York,
aged 73 years. . ., - ¦
(CyNotice of funeral hereafter. -U
HOLZHUTER— In this city, June • 11, 1901.
Relnhold Holzhuter, beloved husband of Au-
gusta Holzhuter, a native of Germany, aged
E8 years 4 months and 6 days. A member of
Syracuse Lodge No. 58, K. of P.," and Nor-
man Lodge No. 1841, Knights of Honor.', v- '
(DTrlends. and acquaintances are respect-
" fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Pythian
- Castle, 909 Market street, under 'the auspices
of Syracuse Ledge No. 58, K. '. of " P. . Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. ' ,,, . • # • .
HOUGE-^lii this city, June 13. 1901, Hamilton
Houge, beloved father of. Mamie and Willie
. > Houge, Mrs. J. I Wilson and Mrs.. J. Wallace,
¦ a native of Belfast. Ireland, aged 61 years.
*E7Fr!ends are invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from
the funeral narlors of ' Theodor " Dierks, - 957
Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth. In-
•terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.- • - - .- ,. * •> •
HUDSON— In this city, June 13, 1901, Mary C ' *
beloved "wife of Henry D. , Hudson, and
mother of Henry M.. Hudson, a native of
V. Long Island, N. ;Y., aged C9 years 6 months
- and 12 "days.- •/-..CC , ¦- ' • .• t , .
., CTFriends are respectfully 'invited . to. at-
. HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. i
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) ¦
' DANIEL P. DONOVAN, . M&r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
. ,20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. ¦ '.'¦
..'•; Telephone" South. 80. >,'... j. ' ,.
.JAMES McGINN; ¦
Formerly .-¦ with- McGinn Bros.. - has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St.. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576. - .
U NITED UNDERTAKERS,
:27 and 29 Fifth st.*,' TeL ; South 167.
IUHERAL DIRECT0B3 AND, EMBALMSS1.
Finest Equipment -"at'i Moderate Rate's.' i
Mi. Pllyet Gemeteryv
' ." ¦ San Mateo "/ *.' ;'"*».
OFFICE 916 MARKET -STREET. }':
¦ . ,' '/} . ' ;! J> HENDERSON," Manager.' ;>
real estate— city—for sale.
are you looiSno^for~bargain:st ••
These properties must be sold. ¦" ¦- ' »
Small Cats renting lor 5M6 per year; always
rented to good tenants and in good condition.
Price, JI75O.
Dniy 1 s™ 0 * 1110 ™ 1 '- tU Very laree « SOxlO ° feet *
Lot on Panhandle; $3000 refused for this lot
* chort time ago: 25x137:6. Prloe. $2500
xhe owner of these properties has gone East
IS £^ a ?, d .t as glven P^ltlve instructions
J5,* "^ ff ll . th * m « , and l *** determined to
£^T? ,£?£ \t" 1 ™** 10118 - The properties will
posits ely be eold; somebody will get bargains;
why not you?
HERMAN* MURPHY. 630 Market st.
°2 ZT . Utt i e /»"«•• Fair Oaks 8t_: 6 rooms.
a iV. l l nd .~ Iaun<5r r : offer considered. DON-
N'ELLY CO.. (32 Market Ft.
12350— NEWLY painted new 5-room cottage; all
modern Improvements r lot 25x114 feet. In-
_ quire 125 Twenty-ninth st.
no »^t" To aI1 wh0 have Pawned goods
vith UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them. .
A «t^~ AP .T X ? w , 4 " room eottace: *985. Jnqulre
store. Montcalm and Alabama sts.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park.
then es.II cnW. J. GUJfN. 630 California st.
REAL ESTATE — CPUXTRY— For~SaIe
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
Special bargain— 160 acres near Yuba. City
Butter Co.. short distance from Marysvllle; all
under cultivation; all rich valley land; few
beautiful live oak trees; good buildings; well
watered and well fenced; this land has been
producing profitably and is especially adapted
to nearly all kinds of fruits; this will be sold
in whole or in part at a very low price, - •
Also 140 acres, all under cultivation; rich
volley land; good buildings ; 'well fenced: short
dirtance from Yuba City. Sutter Co.; will be
eold in whole or tn part to suit purchaser and
at an extremely low price.
The two above pieces should be seen to be
appreciated, and IT" contemplating purchasers
vill call or write for information a bargain
•ill be given. R. d. BROWNE.
Manager Country Department.
kX Ideal country home of 23 acres; heart of
Santa Cruz Mountains; 62 miles from San
Francisco: elevation 1200 feet; unexcelled
place for private sanitarium; ocean view.
1458 full-bearine fruit trees, consisting of
• rune, peach, cherries, walnuts, pears, apples.
.»£s and chestnuts. ¦
1SC0 vines in full bearing; choicest table
grspec.
*£00 vines: Cornichon grapes; 2 years eld.
House of S rooms, barn and outbuildings; all
furniture and farming Implements go with the
place; price $4*50; $^000 can remain on mort-
gage. Address D. BRITTON.
Olympla Theater.
BELMONT home Eite for sale or exchange;
two blocks from R. R. station, on Ralsto&
ave., San Mateo County. Apply C. P. Gib"
bans. 3C9 Sansome ft., bet. 2 and 4 p. m.
BUY in Napa County; no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops: write us for .free
copy "Napa County Viticulturist." The W.
A. MACKIXDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market— Lists of farms and
city property for sale & exchange; send stamp.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
BEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
ONE imoroved property in Oakland and one
unimproved In Berkeley: no lncumbrance;
value $2500 each: exchanre for San Fran-
cyico Improved or unimproved property: will
assume mortgage. A. S. PARE, 420 Mont-
goinery. room 20.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
r „
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. ~~™
$6T>0— Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 25x100.
$10^0— Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 27:6x123.
$1100— Cottage of 5 rooms; lot 25x150.
$1500 — Cottage of S rooms; lot 50x150.
$1600— 2-etory house of 8 rooms; lot 25x107.
$1500— 2-story bouse of 7 rooms; windmill
etc.: lot 50x150.
J2200 — 2-story house of 7 rooms; lot 37:6x120.
S2TC0 — Modern cottage of 6 rooms; lot 50xl4S;
near Morton station.
$4250— Modern cottage of 7 rooms; stable, etc.;
corner; on Central ave.
$1500— Lot on Union st.. near Central ave.
$600 — Lot near Morton -station.
ALL NEAR SCHOOLS AND STATIONS.
Bargains in unimproved lots.
Furnished and unfurnished bouses for rent
Agency New Zealand. British America, Citi-
zens and London Assurance Companies
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
Bay Station. Alameda.
DON'T borrow a house, but buy one of these
particular bargains:
J2SJ0 — Elegant 7-rooin 2-story house; lot £0x150;
beautiful grounds; fine location; terms.
$2400— Fine 6-room cottage; lot 60x150; modern;
tenns.-.lo.-gnlt'-.this property is worth
SSM0; windmill and tank in perfect order.
$5000— Finest location In city: lot 50x115; 8
rooms; cost $6500 less than 2 years ag-o;
terms.
$1500— Income; windmill and tank piped to sup-
ply 6 houses; good house of 4 rooms; cost
$*!S00. ' .
Bargains In all parts of city. Don't fall to
eee us If you want a home or Investment.
W. K. CONGER & CO..
1D01 Park St., Alameda.
Phone Grand 176.
ALAMEDA and Fruitvale bargains for Invest-
ors and house-seekers ; on eaey terms or ex-
change for city or country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
One of the finest residences in the city: 10
rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc.: best location: fln-
JFhed lo oak. blrdseye maple and Carolina
pine; highly decorated; lot. E5xI70 feet.
A. R./DENKE.
Webster-st. Station, Alameda.
$1800 — BEAUTIFUL 6-room modern cottage;
owner must sell on account of departure: swell
' . situation; laree lot; street work all complete; ;
rr.ust be sold Immediately. HAMMOND &
HAMMOND. 2326 Santa Clara »ve.. near Park
i-t.. Alameda.
SSOTC — HOUSE of 9 rooms; corner lot; 100x150;
all street improvements; easy terms. J. H.
YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
2-STORY house for sale. 7 rooms and bath; 2
minutes* walk from Park-st. station. ¦ 2256
Enclnal ave.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES FOR SALE.
KOR Eale — Modern cottage. 6 rooms; bath; lot
SCxla«V 1118 Mozart gt.. Alameda. Mastick stn.
'BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
—
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
AI-MOFT new 5-room cottage, fine mantel,
finished basement: 53-foot lot; street work
all done; ',£ block to railroad depot and
electric car?: a genuine bargain; price $1509;
$3<»0 earn, balance like easy rent." J R
PERKINS (formerly Ocllerich & Perkins),
Lorin station, Berkeley.
NEW 5-room cottage; modern; bath, pantry,
etc.; ttrcct work all done; close to station
and electric car line, school, stores and
churches: price only $1250; $50 cash, balance
KXS monthly. J. It. PERKINS, Lorin sta-
tion. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE^
J25C0— ONE block from Broadway; cozy cottage
of S rooms, basement, bath, etc ; in fine con-
dition and right In the very heart of Oak-
land; choice neighborhood: open lawns, stone
walks, etc.; bank loan of I1CC0. can remain;
bargain for a home or investment.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
jlTio^CORNER flat. Just completed; eight
rooms; fine neighborhood; three- blocks to
frrry trains. HERON & HOLCOMB. 1C50
Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIRMTURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALL or part double parlors, dining-room,
kitchen and bedroom; furnished; sunny cor-
ner; conveniences. 'The Vera. 301-303 Polk st.
EDDY, S72-—Large sunny room with use of
kitchen; every thing- new; $16. . -
FIFTH. VA— Furnished double parlors, kitchen
and bath, |20; 2 for $12: also single, $5 up.
FULTON. €71 — 3 rooms furnished for house-
keeping. $13; also 2 rooms, $S.
GROVE. 101— Two front rooms; light house-
keeping If desired; no children. • r*
HOWARD, 728— HoUsekeeclnK rooms reason-
able; a nice bis room for 2 gentlemen; using:
gas.
HYDE, <0S— Sunny alcove suite comDlete for
housekeeping. $20; also basement suits, $12.
LAET notice — To all who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS,; only J days more to
redeem them.
MCALLISTER. 696— Fine nunny parlors; kitchen,
yard, bath; smaller tunny suite; furn. rooms.
"JcALLISTER, 973— Sunny furnished or unfur-
ilshed rooms lor housekeeping:; board if de-
sired.
illSSION. 617— 2 connecting furnished rooms
Tor housekeeping; lower, floor. • : , ¦
OCEA2T T2AVEL.
O.R. &N.CO.
Only Btetumsiap Ijlna *«
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to nil
¦ points East. Through tickets to at!
points. *V wmV «p «tte*»m«»*»*T» xn*! rail, at ¦
IiOWBST. ZEt.A'raSJS. ;'
8TEAWIR TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH tad MEALS,
ss. Columbia .¦........"......"..:.......; <
Sails June 72. July S, 12. 22. August 1
SS. GEO. "W. ELDER i
....Pails June 17, 27. July 7. 17. 27. August «
D.W.HITCHCOCK, Gen-Afft.. 1 Montgom'y.S.F.
BAT AND EJVEB STEAMERS.
HATCH *; BE OS^i Pier \ 2.
S1EAMER MNTICELLO
¦Will make a ' special excursion trip to .Vallejo,
SUNDAY, June 16th. leaving, San Francisco at
7 a. m.r Vallejo at 6 p." m. Fare." round trip. $1.
Landing and office. Pier 2, one block south Mar-
ket-street ferry. ¦ Phone Main 150S.
. (*3:15 trip omitted Sundays.)
' First class In every appointment: accommo-
dates 450 passengers and leaves San Francisco
at 9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m. dally* for Val-
lejo and Mare Island Navy Yard. Fare, round
trip, .$1: Sundays, 73a: meals. 50c Special rates
to societies, orders and large parties ~ of ~ all
kinds.' Dining-room seats 60 at table. -
G HE14L FR1SBIE
STEAMBOAT EXCURSIONS.
Sixty-Mile" Trips on the Elegant New Steamer.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING Con.
MISSION. 1219— Furnished housekeeping; com-
plete; no children; also single rooms. ¦ V ,
MISSION. 2244. near 19th— Fine 6unny rooms
. for housekeeping; rent 'reasonable:
N ATOM A, 645—2 sunny rooms far housekeep-
tng; •». - .-. ' ' ' r* ¦ .
OAK, 119— Large sunny front room; furnished
for housekeeping; large closet; range; $10.
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner Geary— Large, sunny
bay window; running -water; mantel; light
housekeeping; $10. ¦ . .»."*'
PERRY. 182— I rooms and bath; $11 •"
POLK, 3002 — 3 and 6-room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $1S up; reference.
SIXTH. 244— Nicely \ furnlBhed housekeeping
rooms; reasonable. ,'. ' • ' ' »
TEHAMA, 478, near Sixth— S rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping; $11. '
VALENCIA. 834%— Sunny front room, connect-
ing kitchen, furnished complete; bath; rent
$12; no children. . " . .
VALENCIA. 1047—2 furnished housekeeping
romos in Kausali to or ¦ Tiburon for vacation.
VAN NESS. 232— Housekeeping rooms complete.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
, subscriptions has been established at . 1091
Valencia st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St..
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Unfurn.
AHLBORjThOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms. 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $125 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A— MARKET. 1049A— Nicely furnished suites,
$15 per month. up; singles,' $6 per month up.
BURNETT, 1426 • Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CASTRO, 743, near 20th— A most desirable suite
of sunny corner furnished rooms, or single
rooms; admirably suited for doctor or dress-
making parlors; no children; references re-
quired^ ¦ . • ¦
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant. sunny unfurnished
rooms to let. , ' . ";.
$1 WEEK, also one $1 10— Large sunny furn.
rooms; closets; bath; private. 834 Folsom.
GALT House. 1206 Market— Fur. rooms. Mr.* &
Mrs. J. F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
GOLDEN GATE eve., 730— Sunny double
front room; single room; JC; bath; private;
German. * . . ..
GRANT ave., 7— Nice sunny suites and single
rooms; rent cheap. •__¦ -
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan). 24 Turk st.,
nr. Market— New building, elegantly- furn.;
just opened; strictly first class and up-to-date
in all appointments; inspection Invited; must
be seen to be appreciated; 75c day and. up;
special rates by week or month; references.
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. 1063— Sunny front bay-window
room, stove, electric lights; reas.; others.
HYDE. S99— Lovely large corner suites and
single rooms; private bath.
LARKIN. S16A— Nicely furnished rooms, reason-
able prices; private house. • '
LAST notice — To all who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms. {2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
MASON. 223. cor. O'Farrell— Sunny bay window
rooms; transient. i " - x .
3 UNFURNISHED rooms to let. Inquire gro-
cery, cor. Clay and Mason sts.
M'CLELLAND, 200 Turk st.— Sunny furnished
single and double rooms; also transient. . .•
METROPOLE, 6 Turk, cor. Market— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; 60c to $3 per day.
MISSION. 2312— Sunny furnished room with use
of bath.
MOST delightful furnished apartments in San
Francisco; new slx.-story stone building; elec-
tric elevator; every convenience. Hotel Gray-
ttone, 66 G«ary St.; steam heated.'
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights;' day, week, mo.
POST. 636— Single, front • rooms, large parlor;
prate, running water, bath; board.
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis st.— Rooms
night,. 25c to II; week."tHa to Mr. open nlghtr
ROYAL House,- 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
readlng--room. smoking-room and ladies* par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, 12 to
JS; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. "
SHIPLEY, 23C— Furnished front room to let;
S5. ¦ " . ¦ . v
STOCKTON. 332— The Ottlngton— Few choice
suites and several small rooms; cheap.
THE Crocker, S15 Leavenworth— Fine • sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. .• •• :
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AN excerttional table; pleasant rooms; good
service; popular rates. 807 California st.
THE Roanoke. E08 «Bush— New house; newly
furnished; suites with bath; perfect illumina-
tion; private dining apartment; elevator ser-
vice; cars to all parts of city within st&ne's
throw of door. ' "-...-
A MOST desirable suite of gunny corner fur-
nished rooms, with board, for two ladies or
two srentlemen or married couple: no chil-
dren; references. 743 Castro, near Twentieth.
j PINE and Massn (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sun-
ny suites or single rooms; private baths; ex-
j cellent table and service. ~ . '
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en eulte and single,
with board.
PINE. 1006 (The Victor)— New • management;
thoroughly renov.; sunny suites, with board.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
ALMORA Hotel. Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
gantly furnished suites or single, with board.
i HOTEL ReDelier, 7S1 Sutter— Newly furn.;
excellent table: special, rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1S20 Market— Suites. 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting: board optional.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.^ .
WANTED — In Alameda, room and board for
lady and 2 children; state price. Box 3632,
Call office. . - > ¦
ROOMS WAXTED. ~' ~~"
WANTED — Three rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; east of McAllister St..
south of Van Nees aye., north of Market
st. Box 3660, Call office. - -
SPECIAL NOTICES.. .-,
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC . COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19; tel. 6580.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES^
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.^ phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODol2pH~^toragTTnd : Movlng~Co7!.'
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 'Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 281."
SUMMER RESORTS.
CAMP lots to sell or lease In Redwood range,
west of Gllroy; ocean views, . fine scenery,
charming and -healthful resorts; groves;- of
delightful shade; pure air and water. Ad-
dress box 232. Gllroy, Cal. ; . '. ,;
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES. *
GREAT^BARGAINsTjT TYPEWRITERS-We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. ! The Typewriter
Exchange, &36 California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work in sight - CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery: tel. Black 4885.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. -
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 82 (20 cents
per share) of the : Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 227 Market st., on and after
Thursday, June 20, ' 1901. Transfer books
will close on Thursday, June > 13, 1901, .at 3
o'clock • p. m. • E. H. SHELDON, ', Secrjetary.'
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend (No.- 22 (twenty-
nve cents per share) of the ; Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company, will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St.; on and
after SATURDAY, June 15th. 190L Transfer
books closed Monday, June 10, ¦/ 1901, a at - 3
o'clock p. m. E. H.' SHELDON. Sec. ,\*
OCEA1T TBAVEI,. ' ' ¦. .
AMERICAN LINE.
If E W T0?K. 8CDTH ' MPTON. LO*D0H. - PAltia.
' ; Stopping at Cherbourg,- westbound. :
From New York Every Wednesday," 10 a. m.
St. Louis ......June 26iSt. Paul ......August 7
St. Paul ..July 10 St. Louis August 14
St. Louis :July 17 J Philadelphia.. August 21
RED, STAR LINE.- '¦'
New York "and Antwertft ¦
From New York Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
•Vaderland .:...June 2f|Frlesland .: July 17
Kensington :July 3LPennland :+*.. .July 24
•Zeeland ....... July 101 Southwark July 31
¦ *Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
:'*-¦••¦ .CHAS.D.. TAYLOR.
General 'Agent Pacific Coast. SO Montgomery st.
. HAMBURG-AJWERJCAN LINE.
¦ ."Twin-Screw Express Service." . -
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
AUG VICTORIA ...... JUNE -20. 10 A. M.
Columbia........ June 27|Deutsehland....July ji
P. Bismarck .July 4| Columbia.. ...... July 25
. V TwIn'Screw Pass«nq^r Service. .
. PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
•Batavia......'.; June 221 Pretoria..;....... July 8
Pennsylvania... June 291 *Phoenlcia...... July 20
'¦ v 'Sails to Hamburg direct.- ' • • ¦
Harnburg-Amerlcar> Llns, 37 B'way, N- Y.
HERZOG & CO. , General Agents . for Pacific
Coast, <01. Calif orn la street. .: . '
Al» A21IlIl> CC I* A MWAlf, 8*«0». NEW
yccgniC5.5.to. a^
SS. ' SONOMA (via Honolulu) .' for ' Samoa, '
New Zealand and Australia..............
-....'....". ..Thursday. June 20. 10 a. m."
SS. -AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti..................
• . .'..'. "Wednesday. June 26," 10 a. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
.....;..:.. .....'... ...Saturday June 29. 2 p. m.
J. D. SPRECXELS & BROS. CO., fitmral Agents. 327 larint 81
Gen'l Passenger 0f5ce, 643 Martet St., Pier lo. 7. Paciflo St
PACIFIC STEAM' NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA' SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To 'Valparaiso,' stopping at Mexican. ;' Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard-street wharf No.\ 3, ' 12 m. ¦ ™ ¦ . • • ; \ .-
COLOMBIA ....June ISlAREQUIPA ....July —
TUCAPEL .....June 27|LIMARI ...'.....July —
These: steamers: are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American -. passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). -Freight
and • passenger office.' 316 California street.' .--
'BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen: Agents.
PANAMAR. fcSf
TOV HEW YORK "VIA P'NAMA DfRECT.
Cabin." 9105; Steerage^ "f4O.' ' :.'
S. S. Argyll ¦ sails GuiJay, June 3O
.6. S. Ledanaw sails Monday, .July "' 13
S. S."Ap^yll ; ": .*n«H< M^iiy." ,Auft..5
-1 ' From Harrison-street. Wharf at 2 pj"ni. •-¦•
t ; Freight and passenger office.- 330 Market st."
' F. F. CONNOR. - Pacific Coast • Agent. . ;j
COMPAQNIE GSNERALS TRAN3ATlA5TIQra. :
DIRECT LINE • TO HAVRE-PARIS ... _._ .
Sailing every Thursday.' instead of «t*ftff*r^
Saturday, at, 10 ; a. 'm:, from pier «. r""***
North ; River, :. foot 'of ¦ Morton / street, ; . *U Aqul-
taine. June 20; La Bretagne, June 27: La Cham-
¦pagne,' July. 4;:La Gascogne, July 11.- :'¦;•-.- .-¦
¦, First class to Havre.', $55 and upward. Second
class • to = Havre. $45 and upward. * GENERAL
AGENCY I FOR r UNITED - STATES I and CAN-
ADA. , 32 Broadway. * (Hudson - ibulldlng).' New
York. ; J. F. ; FUOAZI » & ; CO),'- Pacific * Coast
A gents, : 5 - Montgomery | avenue. ' San ¦ Francisco.
Tickets sold , by ¦ all ; Railroad • Ticket ¦'
Screw. Express, Steamers. -
STEAMERS -WTLL LEAVE WHART. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India. - ate. * No cargo received on board on
day of sailing. • w^uwtaafeiyfilrw — ».*^d
SS. HONGKONG MARU.Saturday, Jnn« S3, 1901
BS. NIPPON, MARU.. .Wednesday, July 17, 1901
S3. AMERICA MARU. .Saturday. Aug. 10,1901
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
iB. Market street, corner First- . '
¦•¦¦>. W ,H- AVTTRT On»ral Ag*nt. ',
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
V* *£<.¦? Steamers leave Broad-way
¦k Wharf. San Francisco:
rTW- For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
WBftjiftk Ju=e 5. 10. 15. 20. 25. 30, July
roJ*tf*-^*Wfc. '¦ Change to company's
Kram steamers at Seattle.
H^£E8 For Victoria. VanejUTer (B.
I BBHEsdBSit C). Fort Townsend. Seattle.
i Tacoma, Everett, Ana-ior-ts
M||a^ and New Whatcom (Wa«h.)—
™ 11 a. m.. June 6. 10. 13. 20. tS. 30.
July S. and erery fifth day thereafter. Changs
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
June 2. 7. 11, 1«. ». 28. July J. and every n£th
day thereafter.
-For San Diego.- stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo <Los An-
'geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crua.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port H-trfortl
(San Luis Obl«»). Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East San Pe-
dro. ('Corona only)— Steamer Corona,
Saturdays.. 9 a. m.; steamer Bonita, Tuesdays.
9 a. zn. ¦ . ¦ *
For Knsenada. MaKdalena. Buy. San Jos>» del
Cabc. Maiatlan. Altata. La Pax,. Santa Ko^a-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month. .
For further Information obtain . company s
folders. ; " ¦ . ' " .
The 'company reserves the ris;ht to chanif*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without crevious notice.
TTCKKT OPFTCE— I New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oen. Agents.
- , ... 10 Market st.. San F*ra.nc1*co.
.trip on or about JUNE 29.
The Senator made five trips to Nome last
year, being one of the first : to arrived there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
loss, mishap or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE,
4 New Montgomery street. •
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.. "
10 Market street.
For Nome Direct
LEAVING SEATTLE on her second
vSENATOR
and Splendid Steamship
S AIL
From San Francisco June 25
Connecting at Seattle with the Company's New
CITY OF PDEBLA
.Pacific-Coast-Steamship Co.
1|| NOME
GOLDFIELDS.
tend the funeral services' this day (Satur-
day),' at 2 o'clock,* at her late residence, 1316
Fillmcre ' street. Interment Masonic Ceme-
». tery. ; - >¦: . -; " ¦ *• ¦"'.'V , ' • -r. • ' . ; - '
LEVY— Relatives and friends of the late Lena
, and Henry Levy., are , respectfully ¦ invited to
attend, the setting of their headstone In Sa-
, lem . Cemetery to-morrow ' (Sunday), at 2 :30
O'clock, y '• "¦¦ * - . - , ji
LLEWELLYN— A' solemn requiem' mass will
¦ be celebrated this day (Saturday) for the re-
pose of the ooul of Caroline Llewellyn at. 10
o'clock, at St. Mary's Church (Paulist), Cali-
fornia and Dupont streets... .; • , • '
LONCi — In -Santa Rosa, -June 10," 1901, David
W., beloved husband of Tillle . Long, father,
of Mrs. C. .Woods and Lydia, , Dolly, Grade.
• Edmund and - J. H. • Long. ¦ and : brother of
James. S., John H. and.Anson D. Long, a
native ," of Indiana, . aged 47 . years 3 months
and'25 days. . *¦ . i. ¦•'.'.
MELLIN— In this city/- June 12, 1901.* Nellie
beloved wife ; of Charles Mellln. and j mother
of Carl, George and Oscar Mellin, a native' of
> Sweden, aged 37 years 1 month and 13 days.
:.'¦¦ CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ' to attend the funeral this day
'. (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
. of the California' Undertaking Company, ' 405
Powell ¦ street, near Post. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, carriages. - * .•
NEALON— In this city, June 14. 1901. Joseph.
•. beloved son of Michael and. Mary Nealon, a
native , of - San Francisco, aged 11 years 1
..month and 4 days. *v?.-. '..'.. ./ r, . ..-.
NEELY— In West Berkeley, June 13, 1901, Mar-
' garet ffeely. beloved wife of David Neely, a
:~ native of County ' Galway,' Ireland, aged 58
years." , . ., ' .' :, .'
', IC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late'resl-
dence, . University • avenue,' near Curtis street,
thenco . to St. • Columba 1 s Church, where ser-
vices will be held, commencing at 10 o'clock.
I Interment Holy Cross , Cemetery. ." '
O'BRIEN— In this city,. Crune 14. 1901. Sarah,
J ¦ beloved wife of • John . O' Brlen, mother of
Edward and the late Mary O'Brien,
j daughter of Dan and the late Mary Costello,
and sister of John and Mary Costello and
. Mrs. F.- Qomaich, a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years 11 ¦ months and ' 10 . days. . • .
CT" Notice of; funeral hereafter.". . .,
REILLT— In this" city." June 14, 1901, Sister
.'Alphonsus Reilly, Sister. of Mercy, a native
' of Ireland, aged 79 years. ---. • .^-.
CT" A solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for thei repose of. her soul to-morrow (Sun-
• day), at 7 o'clock, In the Chapel of the Mag-
dalen Asylum; ' Interment • St. 'Michael's.
"Cemetery at 1:30 o'clock Sunday. , >
RYAN— In this city, June 13. 1901. .Anna !•.,
: 'beloved wife, of Lawrence , J. Ryan, . and
mother of the late John M.Ryan, a native of
.Dublin,/ Ireland, aged 62 years. ;••
' i tC?*Friends are Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from 1017
Buchanan . street, - thence to . Holy Cross
Church. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
RYAN— In Beresford. June 13, 1901, James J.',
• dearly beloved husband of Dora Ryan, loving
' son of Mrs. E. ' Lyons . and the late Henry
j Ryan, and brother of May. John and Kath-
-ryn Ryan. Mollie.. . Theresa and Mamie Ly-
ons. Mrs. Robert CDay and the late Henry
F. Ryan, a native of Brooklyn, N. Y., aged
'- 33 years. ¦ . . -. : -
I K^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 -o'clock, from his late resl-
S dence, Beresford, • San Mateo County. Inter-
ment Holy Cros3 Cemetery.
SMITH— In- this city, June ! 14,- 1901, Maud
Alma, beloved and only daughter of James
F. and Flora Smith, a native of San Fran-
» clsco, aged 13 years 11 months and 4 days. -
' . 1 tCFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1510 Mission street. ' Interment
¦Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
WARD— In this , city, June , 13, 1901, Michael
Ward, beloved brother of Patrick and the
late John Ward, a native of . County - Cork,
' Ireland, ' aged 66 years: (Melbourne, Mass.,
papers please copy.)- . ' ... ¦ ¦_ •
' JC?" Friends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
. -dence. 315 Fifteenth avenue, thence to : Star
of the Sea Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated -. for the repose | of
• his soul. ¦ Interment ; Holy Cross Cemetery,
by carriage. • • . • .
WHITE— In this city, June 13, 1901, Fenton,
beloved husband of Catherine "White, -and
father of George, • Edward. John and Fenton
White Jr. and. Mrs. James Burke, a native
of Queens County, Ireland.' aged 67 years.
•¦ ' .C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
¦ (Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 250 Ivy avenue, thence ; to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem, mass
/ •will' be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
I commencing/ at- .9:30' o'clock. } Interment
Mount ¦ Calvary Cemetery. r- ' . " .
* Ranch Eggs are dearer. Batter and Cheese
ara unchanged.
Meats are selling* at previous prices, Toot it
the butchers' strike continues very Ions there
ia likely to be a change. Poultry continue*
plentiful and reasonable In price.
The fruit market Is 'well supplied with the
seasonable varieties, such as Apples. Pears.
Peaches, Plums, Apricots . and the different
varieties of berries. A few early Grapes and
Melons are being received, chiefly from Yuma,
but not enough to quote. .
All kinds of Vegetables are In good supply.
Coal.. per ton—
Cannel ..;..»— ©M OOiSouthfleld * "
Wellington. - — 61100 > Wellington I — #11 00
Seattle ..... 9 00© ICoos Bay....— Q 1 50
I>airy Produce, etc — --
Butter, choice, sq.35@45 Ranch Eggs, per
Do. good 25i330 dozen 20@25
Cheese. Cal ......12915 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. ntfM pound 15@20
Cheese. Swiss 20035 Do,- extracted... 8®10
Common Egrgs..l5@17^i
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each S0@60 Turkeys, per lb...l?32ft
Young; Roosters, Ducks, each ' 40@SO
each 65@S5 xeese, each. ..SI 25@1 50
Old Roosters, ea..40@50 Pigeons, pair 503—
Fryers, each .....30@60 Rabbits, pair W@—
Broilers, each ....3O@3O Hare, each .— ©20
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 15®1S Round Steak .....10®—
Beef, choice 12015 Sirloin Steak... .12%®—
4 Do, good .10t»— Tenderloin, do....l5#—
Corned Beef ...... 10#— Porterhouse. do.l7H@20
Ham .." ..— @15 Smoked Beef 200—
Lard —CIS Pork, salt 10@im
Mutton — 012 Pork Chops 1501S
Lamb 12®— Pork Sausagea..l2%@l5
Pork, fresh 15®— Veal 12©*-
. Fruits and Nuts— /
Apricots, per' lb.. 8® 8 Limes. - per doz. .12015
Almonds ..........ms:o Lemons, dos 13023
Old Apples 8@10 Logan Berries.
New Apples ...... 4@ 6 per drawer 30©—
Bananas, doz...l2*4<&£> Peaches,' per lb... 6# 8
Blackberries, dwr.40@50 Pears, lb S@ 5
Cherries, per lb... 6@12 Plums, lb 6@ 6
Cherry Plums, lb. S0W Raspberries.- dwr.40@K>
Currants, box 60©75 RaJslna.- jier lb... 6®15
Figs, per ID 35®— Strawberries, per
Gooseberries, lb... «@— drawer ' S0(S63
Oranges, doa .:..15©35 Wahiut3..per Ib...l5@2»
Vegetables— • \
Asparagus, per lb. 6® ' "*kra. dried, lb... «3J
Artichokes, do2...25@4 Peppers, per lb...50@—
Beets, doa 10@— Potatoes, per lb.. 2@—
Beans, white, lb. «®— New, do 2®—
Colored, pet lb. 5@— Rhubarb, per lb.. 50—
Dried Lima. lb.. 6© 8 Sweet PoUtoes.lb 3®H
Cabbage, each.... 5©— Parsnips per dz.lOfl—
Cauliflowers, each 5@— Radishes.dz bchs 15020
Celery, head ..... 50— Sage, doz bnchs..2S<»sn
Cresa. doz bnehs.la«20 string Beans. lb.. 5<S10
Cucumbers. doz...2o@40 Summer Squash
Egg Plant, lb 15@20 per 10 ... ..*..'.. 6@-
Green Peas, lb.... JO 5 Sprouts, per lb....— &-~
Green Corn, doz..25@35 Spinach, per lb.. S@
Lettuce, per do»..la*if2f» Thyme, doz bchs. 25(330
Onions, per lb.... 0© 6 Turnips, per doz..l09—
Leeks, dz bncbs..l5&3) Tomatoes, per lb. SS13
Fish-
Barracuda ......12%®— Striped Bass — «—
Carp ......— ®— Sea Basa U5®—
Catfish 10®— Smelts ....:. 15«_
Codfish .12@15 Soles 100—
Flounders 8@10 Skates, each .... 8010
Halibut 10015 Squid 12*4®—
Herring .....* — ©— Tomcod 's&
Mackerel — ®— Turbot ©—
Do. horse.. ..i.lO©12% Trout 35@—
Perch —<8— Whlteflsh 10@—
P6mplno 60@— Oama, gallon 50@—
Rockflsh 15®— Do. hardshell, lb 8010
Salmon, fresh ....IS® 20 Crabs, each 15@2O
Do, smoked '....15@40 Mussels, quart.... 5@10
Shrimps .." — ©— Oysters, CaJ. 10O..4O@5»
Shad S@ 8 Do. Eastern, dz.25040
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Vallejo 7 a. m.. .12:30 noon. 8 p. . m., '. except
Sunday. " Sunday. 7 a. m. . 4 :15 p. m. .: Faro 60
cents. - Telephone Main 1SC8. .' Landing and of-
fice, pier 2, Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH BROS.
¦ Steamers GEN.JFRISBIB or MOITnCELLO
9:45 a. m.'.,S:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. "Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
FOR U.vS. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
JmjulreLEGAL COMPLICATIONS ARE ARISING
IN CASE OF THE CHINESE REFORMER
One Sewing-Machine Makes : Him a
- - Manufacturer.
. Ong Shi, a Chinese merchant, returning
to his place of business In this city after
Attorney McGowan said yesterday in
discussing the matter that Mr.' Su had an
undoubted right to be landed and that
Collector Stratton did • only - his duty . In
allowing him to enter this country. Hav
ing, been" admitted, Su was beyond.the
jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Trea
ury. He could, it is true, be arrested for
being illegally in the country, notwith
standing the action of the Collector in
landing -him, being so arrested, as, is
the case now, the courts alone can deal
¦with him. * . ' i
Su's passport and certificate, 'after his
arrest, were taken away .from him by
order, of the Collector and forwarded to
the Secretary, of the Treasury for examin
ation. Something- Is expected to be de
veloped as to the ight of the Secretary of
the Treasury to order a landed immigrant
deprived of his certificate by force under
the color of authority.
BAR A CHINESE MERCHANT.
they say,' the case is out of his hands and
beyond his jurisdiction, and that Su after
his arrest to-day can be Investigated only
by the courts. , - • ,
Su's "photograph was. taken yesterday
and filed with the petition for the writ,
and ¦ he was . assigned" quarters In the
County Jail as a Federal 'prisoner. -His
attorneys threaten suits for damages in
case of their client being further arrest
ed, and a delightfully complicated legal
contest is expected to arise. * -
Fen ton- White, .one of the oldest special
police. officers in the city, died Wednesday
at his residence, 250 Ivy avenue. For over
thirty years he was a special in Hayes
Valley, and . did ¦¦ meritorious ¦ service. A
large number of the members of the regu
lar force,' with whom he was on very
friendly terms, will -attend his funeral,
which takes pla.ee to-day. ¦= v
Death of a Special Officer.
Members Decide That Congress Shall
Be Held Every Two Years
in Future.
The California State Floral Society, at
Its regular, monthly meeting yesterday
afternoon, passed a resolution by way of
effort to keep better tab on its finances.
For some time past the absence of the
treasurer, John Henderson, ' . from the
meetings and the. latter' s failure to make
regular ' monthly reports has created dis
satisfaction; Henderson has been treas
urer of the organization for the past
three years. There was , never any Inti
mation that his accounts were in error,
but his methods caused annoyance. .
¦ The resolution passed yesterday ' re
«uires the treasurer tq make a monthly
report on the condition of the society's
finances.
It was decided to hold a floral congress
every two years and to establish a ques
tion box for the benefit of new members.
Letters, of thanks from Mrs. McKlnley
and Governor Nash of Ohio for flowers
received were read. .
FLORAL SOCIETY ASKS
\ TREASURER FOR REPORT
I Immediately Notifies the
Police.
¦ Captain Seymour and his men are look
ing for, a clever swindler who 'has been
passing worthless $1 notes on the Bank of
New Brunswick. The notes are signed by
the secretary of the bank, but not by the
president'.-and lack* the date on which they
were issued. . . • .
Captain, Seymour is of the opinion that
the notes were ; stolen from the office of
the firm which was employed to print
them by a gang of Eastern crooks, who
are industriously engaged in circulating
them throughout the country.
A well-dressed young man visited Fo
leys bakery, at Post and Devisadero
streets, yesterday; and after purchasing
some cakes tendered one of the notes In
payment. Thinking it was genuine, the
baker placed it in the. cash register and
handed the swindler the necessary change.
Shortly after he had left Foley carefully
examined the note, and noticing that it
did not bear the name of the president of
the bank he showed it. to a friend who is
engaged in the banking business. The
latter pronounced it 'worthless and ad
vised Foley to notify the police, which he
did. ¦ '
It is believed that the gang has already
succeeded , in - passing a large number of
these notes throughout the country. To
day the Dresident of the bank of New
Brunswick will be notified by wire of the
existence of the worthless notes and asked
to take steps to intercept the gang which
has been circulating them. . ;
STOLEN BANK NOTES
' USED BY SWINDLERS
One of Them Passed on a Baker, Who
Neall is anxious to have his trial pro
ceed. He assures his* friends here that
he is absolutely innocent. Neall will be
represented by Crittenden Thornton, who
defended him. in the, famous court-mar
tial proceedings of three years ago.
,-He had no difficulty in Butte 'in secur
ing bonds for his appearance before the
court. During his short stay there h-a
made many friends, and they came to his
aid a few hours after the warrant was
served.' -V • . . . ¦
Captain Neall came to San Francisco at
his own expense rather than wait to be
furnished transportation from Butte at
the expense of the Government.
Captain "Jack" Neall, the ex-army of
ficer, wh6 has been indicted by the Fed
eral authorities on 1 a charge of forgery,
slipped quietly into town from Butte,
Mont., "Thursday night. He notified the
Unltedi States- District Attorney yester
day -that he was ready at any time to
face his accusers and , stand trial for the'
alleged offense against the United States
laws.: ! : •".' : : ' y .'; . ¦ .. - ¦
Pays His Own Expenses From
Butte, and Is Anxious for
Hearing.
.A : :V- : -. .'> ¦-" . : v-' v- : :':v
CAPTAIN NEALL
HERE FOR TRIAL
Ex-Army Officer Beady
to; Face Federal
s ¦ Authorities.
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
", Tubs and'swlramlng. Best tonic for nervous
and; bodily exhaustion. Bay st, near Powell." •
') United : States ; District JudgQ'de ¦ Haven
charged, the jury yesterday In the case of
George T.> McDonnell,'- charged with-hav-
Ing made a steel die for the counterfeit
ing of silver; dollars, 'and- the i jury 'after
ten ¦ minutes'- deliberation returned • a ver
dict ' of ¦ .'.'not guilty.",^. The defendant wa3
discharged, v.. > , r \
McDonnell; Acquitted.
The Supreme Court handed down a de?
cision yesterday affirming the judgment
of ' the lower court . which declared "that
"Lucky" Baldwin must pay $8755 60 to'Al-.
bert T. Roche, assignor of Attorney*
Henry E. Highton; who conducted the.
Ashley case for Baldwin. . , ¦¦ I
"Lucky" Bald-win Is TJnlueky.
¦"" Eastern; passenger officials .'predict a
heavy traffic to this' coast during the next
three months, owing, to the homeseekers'
colonist' rate. -¦*•¦ ' "... , >
f The Atchison. Topeka and Santa Fe and
the Southern ; Pacific, will sell tickets at
their Eastern-. ticket offices to California
on the V following dates: -June -18, July 2
and 16, August, 6 and 20, 1 " September, 3 and
17. "The rates are: From Chicago 'and re
turn, $64 50;; Kansas City and all .Missouri
River points I and return, ' $52; . from St.
Louis' and. return $59 50. • . , "
B AILBO AT> TVTF.TJ EXPECT
MANY HOMESEEKERS
Special Rates Made for . Summer
'Months From East to j Calif or
nia and Return. .
The * Fish Commissioners learned that
the Chinese Intended at once to resume
shrimp . catching, which is prohibited by
law between May 1 and September 1. The
entire ratrol force of the board was at
once detailed to ; watch their camps. - On
Thursday Deputies Davis and Kercheval
arrested 'four Chinese fishermen • and
seized their junk, which contained sixty
shrimp nets and about two and a half
tons of shrimps. .
The shrimps were returned to the water
and the law breakers were brought to the
Central police station. They appeared be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday, being repre
sented by Mr. Keho of Campbell, Metson
& Campbell, and entered a plea of "not
guilty." The case went over for trial. •
Deputy Davis says that the captain of
the boat which was seized Informed him
that the fishing was resumed on the ad
vice of the law firm. The Board of Fish
Commissioners state that, if thi3 allega
tion is substantiated there will be further
arrests on, a charge of aiding "and abet
ting a violation of the State law.
1 Therejcan be.no contest in regard to the
validity of the "shrimp law," -as the Su
preme Court has already, in a test case,
decided that It is constitutional. ' ' • ¦
They Were Acting Under
': X.egal Advice.
SHRIMP FISHERMEN ARE •
CAUGHT . VIOLATING LAW
Deputy 3>avis Says They Told Him
The joint committee on streets and
judiciary ' decided ;. that the proceedings
ordering the closifig^of certain streets
south of Channel street would be regarded
as regular in the absence of proof to the
contrary. The City Attorney had advised
that if the proceedings were irregular the
Supervisors should direct the '. Board of
Works to remove the obstructions main-'
tained by the Southern; Pacific Company.
If any irregularity was committed* the
opposing property owners must' assume
the burden of litigating the Question in!
court. . . / •
The Judiciary Committee of the Board
of Supervisors reported yesterday in
favor of approving four demands present
ed by the First National Bank and J. W.
Mackay for Judgments obtained against
the city for. taxes paid under protest arid
adjudged illegal. '., It was conditioned that
the taxes due for_ 1898 and 1899 are paid to
the Tax Collector, .pursuant to two judg
ments rendered by the Superior Court.
These are the demands for which the
Auditor was served notice to tie.iip the
surplus fund, as no provision was made
in the budget for their payment.. ; ' j
of Streets Closed by Southern
Pacific Company.
Supervisors Decline to Order Opening
COMMITTEE RECOMMENDS
j PAYMENT OF JUDGMENTS
We,' the undersigned graduates of the San
Francisco State Normal School, do pledge
ourselves to establish and maintain a high
standard In all our educational work, to fol
low out in every "detail the laws of our con
stitution, and to retain our professional spirit
and promote it In our fellow teachers.
Flatow, San Francisco; Amy .Furlong, San
Rafael; Louisa Geary. San Francisco; Edna
Gardner, . Oakland; May Gaffney, San Fran
cisco; Annie Harrower, San " Francisco ; Clara
Hoagland. Oakland; Xellte Jones, Santa Rosa:
Eva Levy, San Francisco; Gertrude Lome,
Alameda: . Gertrude Mayers, San Francisco;
Natalia Monaco, San Francisco; Mae O'Don
nell. . San Francisco; Etta Parsons, San
Francisco: Bertha Roberts, San Francisco;
Harriet Rbdgers, .Santa Rosa; -Maude Schen
dell, San Francisco; Annabel Skinner, Napa;
Anita Sullivan. San Francisco; Martha Smith,
San Rafael: Muriel Swain. Alameda; • Gay
Spencer. San Francisco; Etta Gessmer, San
Francisco: Myrtle Wright, San i Francisco;
Emily Boorman, Point Richmond.
The following pledge was taken by each
of the graduates: .
STBEETCAB, LICENSE
MAY NOT BE INCKEASED
Supervisors' Committee Refers the
Proposed Ordinance Back to Board
Without Recommendation.
The Supervisors' committee on licenses
and orders yesterday referred back to the
t>oard without recommendation the pro
posed ordinance imposing an annual li
cense cf $53 per annum on street cars.
The bill was passed to print after a peti
tion Sled by two members of the Grand
Jury asking that the present license of
$15 per annum be raised. It is not likely
that the ordinance will be finally passed
In the face of the committee making no
/recommendation, and the license will re
main at its present rate. All the street
railway companies filed strong 'protests
against the Increase, and Chairman
Comte admitted that the board's action
in passing the ordinance to print was
hasty.
"The Missouri Pacific Limited"
The only route having through sleeping
ear service between San Francisco and St.
Lcuia daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full Information ask L.
2/L. FJetcher. 212 California street. •
Petitions in insolvency were filed yester
day In the United States District Court
as follows: John Hunter, dairyman,
Bloomfield. Sonoma County, liabilities
S2S25. no assets; W. R. Thompson, clerk,
San Francisco, liabilities SC344. no assets.
Petitions in Insolvency.
A reception was tendered the senior
class of the San Francisco State Normal
School by the Juniors yesterday after
noon. Th« affair -was held in the school
building and consisted of a -well rendered
programme, dancing and the serving of
refreshments.
Tije programme was announced in a
novel manner by Miss Rita Castle. :-Shv.
had prepared clever verses -which she
read at the beginning of each number.
The programme was as follows: ..'
Opening song, a parody on "Dixie Land,"
written by Miss Anita Sullivan, senior class;
vocal solo. Miss Monaco; monologue. Miss
O'Vell: quartet. Misses Monaco, Parsons.
Roberts and Burtz; recitation. Miss Wilson;
mandolin selection, Misses Levy. Sullivan,
Roberts and Banks: class prophecy. Misses
Lisbon and Gardner; farce. Misses Sullivan,
Parsons. Jacobs and Hoagland; farewell ad
dress. Miss O'Neil.
The list of graduates Is as follows:
Mabel Ahrens, San Francisco; Minnie Bank*,
Merced: Rose Brydges. Oakland ; Shirley Burt,
San Francisco; Hazel Bertz, San Francisco;
Pearl Cannell, Woodland; Nettie Canfleld,
Oakland; Mabel Clarke. Berkeley; Ella Con.»i
dine, Sacramento; Jessie Doyle. . -Marysville;
Carolyn Dinsmore, 'San Francisco; A. A;
CHINESE COXSUL GENERAL
. AND MAN WHOM HE WANTS
DEPORTED. 3
a visit to China, was denied a" landing yes
terday, by the Collector of Customs on
the ground that he was a manufacturer
and not a merchant, and that manufac
turers, no matter on how large a scale, do
not belong to the classes of Chinese per
sons who may be admitted to this coun
try. > -:¦¦..-
It was shown on competent and uncon
tradicted evidence before the bureau that
Ong owned a large clothing salesroom in
this city. and made a specialty of buying
and selling silk goods. He had lived here
for, many years and recently paid a visit
to relatives in China, never doubting that
his return would be barred. But the 'Chi
nese ; Bureau • obtained evidence that a
sewing-machine for the manufacture of
silk clothing for. patrons was operated in
his store, and the bureau decided that to
that extent he was a manufacturer, and
therefore not entitled to be landed
The decision of the Collector was based
upon an opinion rendered by the Solici
tor of -the Treasury Department on Jan
uary 23 of this year In the case of Yip
Toy,- a cigar merchant and manufacturer.
In that case the department ruled that a
merchant who changes . the character of
goods before he sells them Is an. artificer,
or manufacturer, and therefore • not eligi
ble to admission. : .
Lyman.I. Mowry, attorney for Ong Shi,
gave notice that he would file an appeal. I
The printing committee of the Board of
Supervisors was besieged yesterday morn
ing by a small army of printing concern*
and other bidders to do the city's print
ing and furnish the stationers* for the
next fiscal year. 'Nearly every firm had
some protest to make against his rival.
One claimed that certain firms had not
deposited certified checks to the amount
of 10 per cent of the bid. but the commit
tee ruled that sufficient money was up to
cover faithful performance of contract.
The Hayden Printing Company, though
the lowest bidder on certain books, lost
the contract because a rule in the pro
posals provides that no bid shall be re
ceived except from parties regularly en
gaged in the business. For a similar rea
son Brltton & Bey secured the lithograph
ins: contract because the lowest bidders
are not in the lithographing business. The
city may experience some trouble in this
connection, as the charter specifically pro
vides that contracts shall be awarded to
the lowest bidders. All the successful
bidders agreed to have the work done by
union labor cnly.
ia.g Let to Any but the Lowest
Bidders.
PEINTEKS SQUA3BLE IN
SUPERVISORS' COMMITTEE
Protests Hade* Against Contracts Bs-
JUNIOR CLASS TENDERS RECEPTION
TO GRADUATES OF NORMAL SCHOOL
TONG K. CHOXG, editor of the
World, the Chinese organ in this
city of the adherents of Emperor
Kwang Hsu, filed a petition in the
United States LMstrict Court yes
terday for the release on habeas corpus of
Su Shih Chin, who was arrested at the In
stigation of Minister Wu Ting Fang for
being unlawfully in this country.
The document was prepared by Samuel
M. Shortridge and George A. McGowan,
attorneys for the San Francisco wing of
the reform party. It alleges that Su is
being held a prisoner by Customs Col
lector Stratton without authority of law
and under no legal process whatever, no
complaint having been filed or warrant
issued from the date of his arrest until
, the filing of the petition for the writ/ of
habeas corpus.
Lawyers in the Federal building are of
the opinion that Judee de Haven will re
lease Cbir« at 10 o'clock this morning, the
time set for the hearing. Anticipating
such action on the part of Judge de
Haven, the Chinese Bureau yesterday
afternoon filed a complaint charging Su
with being unlawfully in the country. A
warrant will be Issued upon the complaint
this morning by United States Court Com
missioner Heacock, and should Su be re
leased on habeas corpus the warrant will
be served at once.
This will hold the prisoner until the de
cision of the Secretary of the Treasury
shall have been received. But lawyers
The dinner was the first of many which
will hereafter be given at regular Inter
vals by the association/ which is a branch
'of the National Association of Credit Men,
and its work ha3 proved of incalculable
benefit to wholesale merchants. The offi
cers of the San Francisco association are:
President. Gustave Brenner: first vice presi
dent, H. P. Capell; second vice president. "W.
C. McCloskey: treasurer, C. J. Lutgen: secre
tary, Ben Armer; directors— W. T. Holllng, C.
S. Aronson, R. N. Van Sant, C. L. Bonestell,
O. S. Nevln, P. V- Nelson, S. Bennett, J. J.
Scbutz, "W. Swartley and C. B. Carr.
Sanford Bennett and President Brenner
then rendered several songs, after which
M. Feintuch offered many practical sug
gestions on the. improvement of office de
vices. ... - ¦ '. ¦ .
President Gustave Brenner acted 'as
master of ceremonies. He* opened the
proceedings with a . short Introductory
speech and then called upon E. T. Wolfe.
He was followed by "Wallace "Wise, "who
spoke of the "Bulk, law" and the efforts
of legislators to secure its enactment.: J.
J. Schutz spoke of thet,beneflts which a
membership in the association of credit
men- brought to the merchants.
For a time all thoughts of the cares of
business were dropped, and the members
entered. Into the discussion of the good
things spread before them with all possi*
ble gusto. As the meal progressed the
banqueter^ grew merry and Joshed and
joked each other freely on happenings in
the business world. Frequent reference
to cash spelled with a "k" provoked much
laughter. . . -
" The San -Francisco Credit Men's Asso
ciation assembled- in a downtown restaur
ant last night and spent several pleasant
hours wining and dining and- listening to
words of Wisdom fall from the lips of the
men ' who determine the extent of the
"tick" the customers of the big business
houses are to be allowed.
Members of Credit Asso
ciation Forget All
Troubles.
BUSINESS MEN
WINE AND DINE
Attorney Mayer will present affidavits
tills morning, upon which Judge Kerrigan
will issue a citation directing Ross to ap
pear and show cause why he should not
be punished for contempt. This done. At
torney Mayer will proceed until Ross has
either purged himself of contempt or has
demonstrated his inability to do so.
"An attorney has just entered." said
Judge Kerrigan, "MB whose ability and
judgment I have full confidence— Attorney
Mayer. I will appoint him to act as a
friend cf the court in this matter, and
after investigating the conduct of Mr.
Ross to proceed against him as the cir
cumstances may warrant. I aip uncer
tain as to whether the acts committed by
Mr. Ross constitute a contempt of this
court or are sufficient grounds for his dis
barment, but -hese are matters which I
•will leave in the hands of Mr. Mayer."
Attorney O. C. Pratt, who represented
Mrs. Kcllman in the divorce proceedings,
instituted by Kollman. then made his po
sition in the cast at bar clear. Mr. Pratt
stated that as bis client had grounds for
divorce he had found it necessary, inas
much as his client was anxious for a di
vorce and her husband's prayer for a di
vorce had been practically denied, to file
a cross-complaint, to which Kollman's de
fault had been f ntered. He was only pro
ceeding. Mr. Pratt explained to the court,
within the 'fixed rules of law. and had
only resorted to proceedings in contempt
when all other efforts to secure for his
client 1 sufficient funds to prosecute her
cross-conplaint failed. Judge Kerrigan
stated that of his own knowledge Mr.
Pratt's position in the case was clear of
all en.tanglemerts and was just and
proper.
Continuing:. Mr. Pratt stated that
though the conduct of Attorney Ross was
not la keeping with the dignity of the
profession, as opposing counsel he did not
feel that it would be dignified upon his
part to move against Ross. Judge Ker
rig-an stated that this view met with the
approval of the court. At this juncture
Attorney Mayer entered the court.
Yesterday afternoon Kcllman. appeared
before Judge Kerrigan to show cause
why he chculd not be punished for con
tempt of court for having failed to pay
costs as contained in an order Issued by
the court. It was necessary for Kollman
to produce his proofs that he was unable
to comply with the order of court. This
fact was within the knowledge of the
court, and Judge Kerrigan stated that in
view of Kolimans inability to comply
with the order he would purse him of
contempt.
M ¦ ~ -
James X- Ross, attorney at law, failed
to appear before Judpe Kerrigan yester
day ::nd explain how he came to give his
client. Thomas F. KoHman, an alleged
copy of a decree of divorce, under the pro
visions of which Kollman believed he was
a "widower." Af a result of the absence
of Rcss. Judge Kerrigran appointed Attor
ney Joseph H. Mayer to serve as the
friend of the court to investigate Ross'
misconduct and proceed against him as
developments demanded.
Proceedings.
Joseph H. Mayer Is Appointed
to Institute Contempt
Fails to Explain About
Divorce Decree He
Gave a Client.
ATTORKEY BOSS
DID NOT APPEAR
XHIG -.HAW- ' rKAjS^CISCP JDAJLXj, SATUKDAr, JUJNTE 15, 1901.
Habeas Corpus Proceedings Are; Begun^for His Release'
Warrant ' Ready for :Hi|^|^^^^ieaving ¦ tjf| Goiirt
Secretary of Treasury; Said to Have, Nc> Jurisdiction
14
say that the Secretary of the Treasury
cannot interfere ' legally, Su's case being
before the courts. He has been landed al
ready by^ the Collector, and therefore,
Verus cures piles, or $50 reward. For
sale by all druggists. . *•
They know you are a Judge of good whiskey
when ycu call for Jesse Moore at the bar. •
LUSTER TAFFETA _, XV "MT ~W^^k."9fAW dtM LUSTER ' TAFFETA
WASH RIBBONS, 3\(. HA WASH RIBBONS, 4>i
Inches wide; 20c qual- HAfH ¦% ly wML jJj '"fhes wide; 23c qual-
2 TAKEN FROM EACH DEPARTMENT 2
Women's Waists, f Women's Overskirts,
Made of French Chambray.. in Tans. Blues. Made of good WHIT.E PIQUE, extra wide
Reds and Plnkg, • front, back and - cuffs ;wlth Spanish flounce; regular ¦ • «C 1 - 1 ar ¦
hemstitched and tucked;; good QQ<-> value *2 00; to-day O1*1O
S^HSSli t0 - day ""-- — - •-• . t C ovERT CLOTH FLOUNCED . OVER-
WAISTS made of best \ Percale, front : SKIRTS, full flare: $1 50 quality: no«
trimmed, with Vest of White Pique, tucked to-day ..........! OOC
front and back; fl 00 quality; to- KQq • Vomen's accordion plaited, solid colors,
aay • :•• ww ; UNDERSKIRTS;' good 76o value; A O^
... ,' to-day,.......;.. IOC
Hn^iprv nonartmpnt women's white. skirts, made of
nUOlCI Jf , UB|ln| tlllBlllt , good muslin, trimmed with tucks and rur-
To-day only— our 'regular^ 2Bc heavy or . fles; good 65c value, to-day Qfir*
fine Ribbed CHILDREN'S HOSE, Iffp .. •••• ;................. CFOw
Our regular 12V4c OHII>DREn*S FINE LOlScI U6p3rifTI6nti :
RIBBED HOSE,, any. size, *at.,'7 r 'l c ' "W« have about 15 dozen Drummers' Sara-
••••••• Pair * 8W pies of 5-HOOK CORSETS, not one worth
. WOMEN'S RICHELIEU RIBBED fast . less than "Toe; to-day's price;....., QQ/,
: black, fuU.flnlshed HOSE; sold all nA r .., ........:.... ...... OuC
over 3 pairs $1 00; on sale;..... Pair -^VTW . our regular $1 00 FRENCH CORSETS.
"Women' s i H PLAIN • ! ' or V ' RICHELIEU ; ¦ different makes ; on sale . to-day . »jr or r»
RIBED HOSE, fast black and fuHflnish; at .. C Ow
;S=S=* ; 12^ :•: 1 One Silk Waist Special,
.-. '¦",..'¦'• * ' ? •' -." '¦ - !' Bv chance we bought about ONE- HUN-'
? Wnmon'o U/roniiorC . .DRED SILK WAISTS, made of best qual-
llUlllcll O IllaUUClOr .. - lty Taffeta, entire front, back and sieves
The. last lot will "go to-day;' all our own S elegantly tucked; one^of the latest effects
SAMPLE WRAPPERS!- all Vises- A ~ * obtained in these, Waists by six inserted
your choice^to-day ' ' B - 8 ' 45C tabs, over a full pouched front of finest
aw, " aay -----vt;-^--/--" t , - tucking; . well worth $6 00; to-day these
¦¦¦n^.JS.xi.^ Fi££? ht "d new colorings In Waists are ; yours In. all .the <fO QR
WOMEN'S WRAPPERS, made of best Per- A newest- colors at .............. t^O^tfO
cale, bretelles, collar and' cuffs » trimmed ,_ . _ ... - •
with flne.linen lace; made with; deep , , ¦•..-. V linfirv SnfiR'aK
flounce; good. $2 00 value;, on -C»l C*f\- \ t : >UIIUI f O|JCU OlOi
sale ............;..:.;..:..« «J>t«^vr [ \ : 20c. Women's. Sleeveless .Vests. . I *,-»;.
' > : ¦• •...>'•,".!,-¦¦¦•.•. , all colors; to-day;.;.'..'...; ;.;..v : \!llw ;
PhlMron'e Ufhifa ' Dimia Panoe ' • 75 ° Women's Lisle Vests, long or APtf -
Un'lUlGn S WnlTB irlljUs , UapeSi • half sleeves; to-day;.:....... ........ 4OC
Trimmed with three ruffles of wide em- ¦ ; ¦ 6»c Children's White Skirts: to- QQ/-».
broidery, lined with White . Flannel ; .good ' day .....;..:...,.:.; JOUV;
?2 CO value; to-day... 1 ..-... ::¦.¦..; g| Qg \X 35c Infants'-' White Dresses; ! to- | Q»
children's \white -"Marseilles- f ,. Rfim'nant ; Sale' of •Veilinty<! •
COATS, trimmed with fine embroidery and - ' . e ! Tlna . n y! Da . 1 ? V. 1 *. ell ! I1^?V
insertion; good $5 CO- quality;. <CQ' HA . r • l yard ; and, 1% yards , lengths ;,:,-iri/»
to-day......... •..•..-....:.•.... tj>,O«vrvf.,T to-day. ....;......: Each
BMB^OIDERy^ BARGAIjNS GREATER THAN EVER.
--'; ¦;' '. * v i WE'RE pPENvTO-NIGHt'riLL^li O'CLOCK. " • :
MiZ-Mii MARKET STREET;
. .X:.V'"^ "' ' , v BETWEEN TAYLOR AND J0NJE8. ; . . ¦„ , -. ¦;¦':'•' ¦.-'
DR^MCNUlTYi
i. SpecialistcyrwBlood Poison. Gonorrho»,Ol«et,-
-n£Sr35 il ™ 1 "» 1 W«t»w. Impose* and their
allied Disorders. >. Book on Dis«a»«s of M«n. fr^e.
?7 «^°if e * r »L ex Perience.T<'rms rea«on*b>e. Hour*.
9 to3dally ;«:30to8. SOeVg,. Sunday^. 10 to li ConsnN
ta,tionfreeand3acredly confidential. Call oraddresa
««. P i^ RdSCOE McXIJl.TY.ai.D. '
3C y x Kearny St^ San Fra ncisco. <3a»-
Hale's.
Hale's.
yo5j!u - It meets your most exacting require-
;^^^|! . ments-irit met ours first. Our clove ex- i
f^Z&, pert ha^ been on the lookout all his life- ¦ .-, A^S^f^jg^
for a glove that was good all". throueh
l^^mn^ and that he could sell for/ a dollar. He — *^^^^ T '
found every glove with some good -*¦ '
points— and weak ones. M«ybe he \vzs looking for. too much— anyhow, to
get as good a dollar glove as he wanted he had to zo and have it made. He
enlisted the help of the best man in the business. The resjilt is lambskin
gloves we can recommend. ! Every pair is .-warranted, .and.cleanea tree., ot
charge. Choose from all the latest colorings and stitchings— dollar a pair.
French Chamois Gloves. 85c a Pair— They have two chums, and are set off
with pique stitching and embroidery. "We guarantee them to wash.
Our Misses' lambskin Gloves for SI— An especially good value. They are in
staple shades, and are fastened with two clasps.
Hudnut's Almond Meal.
Whitens and Freshens Your Face.
It's the accepted remedy for sunburn, tan or freckles. It softens, refines
and beaufifies the flesh. Made from the pure flour' of sweet almonds. Added
to water it makes a milky wash for the face and hands. Comes in glass jars
with sprinkler, tops.
25 Cents a Jar.
Hudnut's Toilet Cerate.' 5Oc a Jar— Is a rich cream. for preserving: the skin.
Talcum Powder. 5c— In violet perfume; "a beautiful article for the toilet or
- bath; .perfectly harmless. -'
¦ ' !
goodplhce to hnvWf^PpCfS
Not only to : day,- but, every day. Not only at 75c or 95c, but at any price. -
We don't believe in- "bargain" wrapp'ers— You're sure all the time that you're-
getting just as much for your money as you can. We don't believe in a low
price to-day and a high one to-morrow. We believe in low prices all the time. | •
The standard of style or making is not allowed to drop a single day. '
These two items to judge us by:
75c each, , 95c each. /
Percales In light and dark colqrs— fig- Percales— figures and stripes— trimmed
urp . nn d string- - vnitoq «™ +T-*iTnTY>o/i with- ruffles around yoke and over tha
urcs ana stripes. yoKes are trimmed shoulders ;- fancy braid on collar, yoke
with braid: every size from 34 to 44. and cuffs. The skirt has a wide, flowing
f ; ' . - . ' flounce. .*"
v 1 *-» We picture one here. It is a large wire tray—
-•• ' * "• - 'ii. j- u r'u One °V the handiest things about the kitchen—
it drains the dishes after they are washed and prevents a great deal of breakage
cnco««>o»ateo W&m* im\m wBp WKfB
SFECiAL BARCAWrS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
FAIRBAM'S GOLD'DUST, 3-lb pkg. . . .loo
i Special. Gold Dust Saturday only
EASTERN L. BROS.' BRAND HAMS. . .1^.0
Finest of Eastern Hams. Res. 15c.
Sj^eclal request.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. .32*0
Now is the time to have your butter packed
for winter; advancing market. Regular 40c.
POINT RITES CREAMERY, square 30c
B&f MISSION EGGS, dozen: . ..... . .&c
Limit 6 dor. Rec. 23c.
IMPORTED HOLLAND GIN, Stone Jug. $1.25
; Pure, medicinal use. Limit 1 Juz
Regularly $1.60.
MOCHA and JAVA, Our Eest COFFEE, ft.25c
, Our natrons and friends say we have the
best coffee In the city. Regular 35c lb.
NEW MILD CHEESE, lb. ffla
', Reiular 20c ft. ,
NEW SEASON'S (1901) TEAS, lb. . . . . .40c
Six kinds.' Res. COc and 75c lb.
JAPAN HEAD RICE; 5 lbs.. ......... 25o
Re;r. 4 lbs. 25c. ~-
POTATOES, Choice Bnrlanks, box. ... .$1.25
Regular J1.60.
OLD PORT and SHERRY, quart bottle. .25c
. Vintage 1SS3. Hog. 40c. Gal. 93c.
¦ Reg. ?1.50.
MHSTOMAT, DAINTY TABLE SAUCE, bot.25o
Rey. 3^: bottle.
SWEET CAKES, Fig Bar, Lemon, lb. . .12 Jo
Cocoanut Taffy, Nlc Nacs.
Rer. 13c and 20c lb.
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR, 50-Ib sack. . .80c
Jiez. 90c sack.
HEART!S CONTENT -WHISKY, fnD qt.$l,00
Old and pure. Keg. $1.50. Gal. $3.50. fieg. $4.50.
WEBB'S BREAKFAST COCOA, Ub can.l2Jc>
Reg. 20c. Limit 4 cans.
CAMPERS' SUPPLIES.
Picnic lunches put up. "W» ship free of
charge within ICO miles on all orders ex-
ceedlnc Jo. .
IMPORTED CASTILE SOAP, 3-lb bar. . .25c
"Virgin brand. Reg. 30c.
LOBSTERS, Underwood's Brand, can. . .22?J
- ! Rec ' 30c.
BORAX FLOATING SOAP, 6 cakes 25c
. Best for the toilet. Reg. 4 for 25c.
¦ 1348-1354 Market «treot.
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 29i No Branch Store*.
t ¦_ 1
I MQND1Y I
1 a an J * Cr ** 1 TraIs 1
I A U ronsbuihrfee I
I mason '==?¦¦¦
I THE "¦ Leav ? n ' ** 9 ¦"•
I CALIFORNIA E?? 1^
gj ¦ and Sundays.
iUIHTD ~'
1 LlHIJ I LU ita high standard
| / U t 6J»T malalalB*^. i
l&Standard'Shirtsft
litj fiV — Let the Standard Shirt label be your protection in — i ; I A
E buying your shirts for summer." Look for the trade — \}(
¦¦ . ~ mark — it's a guarantee of safety — it's the mark of _^_J7* ¦**»
. good shirts — it's the stamp of home production, it -
Z^_jj signifies white labor, right style, careful making \t — =¦
and a perfect fit. , •
1 Every Standard Shirt is a satisfactory shirt, and Z^Z.
\ every one bears on the neck the. Standard label. ¦ ' ¦
~ B^ . Your dealer knows. .' - - •
* lOvjL . For 1 rale at all lead ins fumlshinj and dry • *-5^^^v
/?7^^^»a^W^ KECSTADTEH BROS., Mfrs., S. F. *