Z HE battleship Oregon was sighted yesterday afternoon about 3 o'clock, and at 4 o'clock she
had dropped anchor in the harbor from which she sailed thirty-eight months ago, zuhen Span
ishfleets were menacing the Atlantic ports and squadrons...
"¦ i , •;' ¦Though the "bulldog of the American navy" zuas not expected to arrive before this morn- .
; I ing/ the impromptu reception given -her was most sincere and noisy and demonstrative. The whistle
\, of every steamship in the harbor and every factory adjacent to the zvater front joined in a mighty
I siren-voiceW chorus ofivclcome.-Thejiewsof the battleship's arrival spread zvith surprising rap-
I idity, and thousands of people crozvded down to the wharves to catch a glimpse of the majestic
\ \ -fighting machine' as she .plozved- past on her way to anchorage.
, \ After. a' salute to Rear Admiral Casey's Hagship the Oregon came to anchor off. the Steuart
I street wharf s- .Her officers report a pleasant homeward voyage. ¦•»
Ished, by the courtesy of the acting Governor,
the Government band, under the leadership
of Professor Berber, came on board and ren
dered a very fine concert.
OPFICEBS OF THE BATTLESHIP.
But Two of the Crew That Lef t Hera
Are Now Aboard.
The following is a list of the Oregon's
officers, their rate, duty aboard ship, and
the date of reporting" for duty: -
Captain Charles M. Thomas, commanding.
April 7/1901."
Lieutenant Commander. C. A. Adams, execu
tive officer. April 12. 1900. .
Lieutenant- Commander A. F. Dlxon, chief
engineer, . March ,20,, 1301- . , . .
Lieutenant Commander F." II. BostwIcJc. navi
gator. March 24, 190L ' - :
Lieutenant II. Gage," assistant engineer. May
12. 1DC1. „ .''"•• V
Lieutenant John H. Gibbons, > senior watch
officer. April 21. 1901. \,
Lieutenant "Waldo Evans. secondNratch offi
cer, March 23, 1200.
Lieutenant R. H. Leigh, third watch officer,
April 7. 13CL
Lieutenant L. McXamee, fourth watch offi
cer. April 29. 1901.
Ensign C. L. Poor, fifth watch officer. April
21, l?01. ¦ " . ,
. Ensign Duncan M. Wood, sixth watch offi
cer. June 21. 13CO.
Ensign M. St. C. Ellis, assistant division of
ficer. May. 19CL
: . Naval Cadet "William HcEntee, .assistant
navigator. April 29, 13C1. .
1 Naval Cadet William B. Ferguion, assistant
to executlve,offlcer._llay 13. -1S01.: "¦ : _ • ¦ ; *
Surseon P. Leach, senior medical officer,
September IS, 1900.' V
Passed Assistant Surgeon A. Farenholt,
Junior medical officer. April 12. 1901.
Paymaster S. L. ¦ Heap, pay officer, April 21,
19C0. !
-First Lieutenant L. Feland. . commanding
marine guard." March 30, 1901.
Boatswain J. E. Murphy, boatswain In
charge. April 3, 1000.
HE Oregon is home again. After
*, -¦"' an absence of-, more than three
¦ years, ; into which has been
, I . . crowded achievements that ' will
'•^~- : , insure her -lasting fame and an
honorable place in tlie history of
navies, she returns to "the haven from
which she set forth spick and span and
untried, j She sailed away to face perhaps
an entire Spanish fleet single handed, and
San Franciscans, proud and fond of the
great ship, waited with unfaltering faith
In her prowess. She returns, and now it
is; the nation that is fond and proud and
happy to welcome her home to her native
port. _ ' . ' . -
"VVith a consistency in keeping with the
nickname of .the "Bulldog of the Navy,"
she added another to her list of surpris
ing feats and appeared off the Golden
Gate most unexpectedly, while a com
mittee of public officials was in meeting,
eagerly planning a reception worthy of
the greatest of battleships. Her arrival,
yesterday afternoon was a surprise, but
the .'deep- voiced chorus of a thousand
whistles bade her welcome, and many a
ferveiit ''God bless her!" arose from the
multitudes who, along the water front,
and on hilltops, watched her stately prog-,
fess Into the harbor. .
j The news, received by telephone from
the Merchants' Exchange, that the Ore
gon had been sighted' seven miles out,
took Mayor Phelan's committee com
pletely by surprise. This was about 3
o'clockT" "All "plans were at once dropped
! and'/. Mayor Phelan ; and t the :. committee ,
; prepared to 1 eo'dut onj the^State tugGov
<?rnor Markbam' and welcome back the
battleship and her crew. , -
'• It"did~ not "take" long for the'news that
tho; Oregon 1 was "passing in" ; to ; spread,
end as she passed along the front every
wharf was black with "a" cheering crowd,
while every steamship in port and every
factory in the vicinity of the bay had its
whistle golrig. "When the warship was
within half a mile 1 of the battleship Iowa,
Rear Admiral Casey's flagship, a salute
was fired. The Oregon then made a circle
around/' the Iowa and Philadelphia and
came to anchor off Steuart-street wharf..
- Her homeward bound pennant streamed
twice the" length of the ship astern." A
magnificent silk flag, the gift, of .the citi
zens of Nagasaki, Japan, floated over the
stt-rn and a silk Jack in the bow. Travel
stained, and looking' considerably the
worse for wear, she still impressed every- .
body with her massive appearance anil the
easy, noiseless manner in which she
nioveTl through" the. water.
BATTLESHIP OREGON IS AT ANCHOR
ONCE MORE IN HEAVEN FROM WHICH
SHE SAILED TO GLORIOUS CAREER
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC— NO. 13.
',SAN RAFAEL. June 11— Thomas Gra
ham, an extra conductor in the employ of.
the' North Pacific Coast Railroad, was
killed 'at Shatters Siding, near; Point
Reyes,' to-day. A car of a freight train
at . that | place Jumped the" track and Gra- ,
ham was thrown to the ground. ." -No par
• ticulars of the accident are obtainable to
night. ..^ Graham was an old and popular
employe of the company. .
CONDUCTOR IS KTLXED
<• ¦ f; f l BY A WRECKED TEAI1X
hour and the estimated horsepower of her
engines 9000. On her trial triD she earned
a handsome bonus for her- builders
amounting to $25,000 per quarter knot in
excess of contract speed by . maintaining
for four hours a speed of 16.79 knots, while
. her engines indicated 11,111 horsepower, or
2111 above the contract requirement. .Her
ccst was $3,222,810.
For armament she had in her main bat
tery which she used so effectually on
* Cervera's fleet four 13-inch breech-loading
rifled guns, eight S-inch B. L.' R. and four
6-inch rapld-flre guns; while in her sec
ondary battery were twenty 6-pouhder
It. F., the ones that sunk the Terror; two
1-pounder R.' F.. two ¦ Coltsj one" 3-lnch
rapid-fire field gun and two torpedo tubes.
' The Oregon went into •cofnmisison' July
15. IS M» Captain C. EL Clark in command.
In the spring of 1897 she went on the dock
at i Port » Or char d , ' Puget Sound, an d "was
fitted! with bilge? keels to prevent ' rolling.'
In', July," .while at Seattle/ sho was pre
sented ; ~with a tiandsome' silver service by
the citizens cf; the State "of . Oregon. -On
August "13 she was, ordered to] Honolulu,'
where she remal ned two or three months,
returning jto ' San Francisco '[ by!, way \qI
- -When' the; destruction of/the ; Maine .In
Havana' harbor, on 'the night : of . February
15; 1 1898/. madeVthe ;'¦ prospect of ;' war with
Spain ' immInent*iUricle|Sam ' took" an in
ventbry of ; his military : equipment.* .' :*:'f \
: The ; Oregon • was C',ready_ , when -^called
upon.';. She /came'down *f rom ' Mare .Island
oh " March v 14,-' ahd lay\ -at ; anchor/' off ' this
clty'untii l ,the*i9th\CwHeh7she'was'|prde're'd
to' Ca'lIa*».~PeT~uf*, She "sailed: the. same" day."
Her. destination was at the .time known
only," to ;- her '. commander : and < to the au
- thoritles in '"Washington, but "the "quickly
•transpiring "events of the next two we"eks
;' served to, give the public an Ideal ¦'[,;
The; Oregon arrived .at ! Callao" on 1 April
4,:ana after coaling* sailed again on the
8th, destination [still unannounced. ] \ Her
'little consort, the Marietta, stopped in at
J Valparaiso, " Chile,' on j the Tdown,- for
: news.ahd caught the big ship again while
• she /was coaling at , Punta - the
-Chilean port : in • the Straits of Magellan,
the. most- southern 'In either hemisphere.
It was! known. that about ,the time. the
.' Oregon^ lef t „ San ¦. Francisco . the Spanish
"_ torpedo-boat "Temerario,';'' the swiftest t in
"Spain's ; nayy,> had sailed • for Montevideo,"
W Continued- on Second Page.
It was known Tuesday that the Oregon
sailed from Honolulu on June 4, but, ac
cording to the news j brought by the mail
boat Ventura, she was to have come along
at. a nine-knot gait. \ This' would Jiave
brought, her here' about to-morrow morn-
ing, ".but/ as. she averaged better than ten
knots during the run, she was "seven
miles out" at 3:40 p. m.. yesterday. ¦
• The _ report of the Oregon's run . from
; Yokohama'' is as follows: "
tef t^Yokohama afternoon of May, 16.* Had
stormy., weather _ -with .: strong head 'winds for
first' ten days. .Obliged to slow, down for sev
eral ; hours on two' occasions; . remainder of
voyage! quite 'pleasant. •" ¦
Arrived oft Honolulu morning of 30th of May;
anchored ¦ outside off. entrance to. harbor. Re
mained off Honolulu five days and a half.
•¦ Took "aboard 700 tons of coal from lighters
which 'Were " towed ¦ out : from the" naval . sta
tion. /Left -'Honolulu at 4:45 p. m., June 4;
and encountered , light •northeasterly, winds ami
moderate to' smooth sea.
-' Nearly all officers and men : are "short tim
ers." ' arid 'expect to be "discharged or ordered
to other duty. .'.-;' " . . r -\+ '"';
Havp ¦ no ' definite news ; as to the final dls
"posltlbn\of-Vhe'shlp. • ' ' *"•"; . .' . .:
'While; in ! Honolulu' quite . a ; large number of
visitors came- on, ' board / on". Sunday; 'and on
Monday >, evening, after "the coaling was. fln-
OUR own Oregon returns to her
home port .with no blush for her
career since she passed out
through the Golden Gate and
started on her long world rec
ord-beating: trip around the
Horn to the scene of impending battle in
Cuban waters. -v ;
This voyage of 14,000 miles, made In six
ty-six days, reflected the highest credit
cn the men who designed her, on those
who built her and on the officers and men
who handled her. F*or speed and endur
ance ehe proved herself a genuine thor
oughbred and won the praises and plaud
its of the world, which was absolutely
emazed at her wonderful performance.
"The Bulldog of the American • Navy"
was the title beetowed upon her for the
daring vigrjr and tenacity with which she
pursued the ships of Cervera's fleet at
Santiago on the ever memorable July 3,
3%t>8. Kor actual performance she stands
first among the warships of the world.
San Francisco, whose mechanics built
her. may well be proud of her; also our
neighbor State to the north, in whoso
honor she was named.
The Oregon with the Indiana and-Mas
sachusetts was built under the act of
Congress of 1890 authorizing the construc
tion of three first class battleships. ¦ The
contracts for the two last \ named were
given to the Cramps of Philadelphia and
the contract for the Oregon to the Union
Iron Works of this city. Her keel was
laid In 1S91 and on October 26, 1S93, she
was put Into the water. When finished
she had a displacement of 11,000. tons, i
The contract speed was fifteen knots per
At ' every port touched ' at the Oregon
•was given an enthusiastic reception, but
still there is not a man aboard but that la
glad to be home again. v,
The battleship carries the crack base
ball team of the fleet While the ship was
lying In Hongkong every nine in the
China squadron r was" met, and beaten.
Finally one' morning a signal was sent to
the flagship, .asking her to pick a team
from the entire fleet and . flit • it against
the Oreeon's team. This was done and
the Oregon boys were again victorious.
Of all the men -who left here on. the Ore
gon three years ago only two are still
aboard. They are Carpenter J. P. Tates
and Gunner Simon Jacobs. " Boatswain
Murphy, one of Hobson's heroes, who was
Injured, at Honolulu, is rapidly Improving
and Is now able to move about with the
aid of a walking stick. ,
Actlne Boatswain R. Fethan. assistant
boatswain, August 6, 1300.
Gunner S. Jacobs, gunner la charge, Septem
ber 5. 1S91
Gunner S. Chiles, assistant mner, April
29. 1901.
Carpenter J. P. Tates, carpenter In chart*.
September 21. 1898.
"Warrant Machinist J. F. Oreea, «nsln«-room
watch, Jure 23, 1900.
Warrant Machinist C. EL Wood, taftne-reora
watch. October 8, 1899.
"Warrant Machinist' C. Hammond. «asla«
room watch, December 9, 1399.
1 'Warrant Machinist A. O. Bates, anjlnt-room
watch, December 1. 1S99.
Pay Clerk H. T>. Lazello, pay clerk, April
m. isco. t- :>:r-- i
s.
The San Francisco Call
THE BATTLESHIP. OREGON AND SOME .OF; THE VsCENES IN.LWHICH'
- SHE r HAS FIGURED I SINCE HER DEPARTURE 'FROM ' SAN - _FRAN-"3
/ CISCO THIRTY-EIGHT MONTHS AGO.7 V" '-V ¦/¦':•" ¦"-'¦>¦ '.' .'"':[• ¦¦* : ¦'¦¦MEMBERS OF THE CHRISTIAN
ENDEAVOR COMMITTEES AT
SANTA ANA.* ¦
Continued from First Page.
Pupils in Goldsmith's Play.
WOODLAND, June 12.— The high school
class of '01 presented Goldsmith's comedy,
"She , Stoops to Conquer," this evening,
before an audience that filled every seat
in the opera-house." It was. a very credit
able performance. The graduating claps
consists of Walter L. Huber. Chllton Hill
Clyde Hayden. H. .H. Vaughn, W. S.
Hyman. Howard Marshall, T. V. Cannell
Helen May Boggs. Willetta Hayden Oda
M. Smith, Laura FItz. Grace H. Hershey,
Georgia. Fenner and Alberta. Colburn.
Two at the men who left here on tha
Oregon are still with her. Her first cap
tain, C E. Clark, who commanded her on
her long voyage around the Horn and
fought her at Santiago, retired on account
iof ill-health August 6, 1S38. when he was
succeeded by Captain A...S. Barker^ who
took her over to Manila. . Captain F. K.
Wilde -was. In command on her trip to Pe
chlli, and was succeeded by Captain C. 11.
Thomas; who brought her home.
she sailed by way of Shanghai for Yoko
hama, arriving there May IL
She there hoisted her long . homeward
pennant, and on May 16 sailed for San
FTandsco, via Honolulu, at which latter
port she arrived in time for Memorial
day. honors. After coaling she set out on
the 4th inst. for the last stage of. her lonj?
journey, to find a well deserved welcome
at Its end.
BATTLESH I P OREGON IS AT ANCHOR ONGE MORE
PROMINENT NATIVE DAUGH
TERS AT THE GRAND PAR
% LOR" IN SACRAMENTO.
Past Grand Presidents Lena H. Mills.
Belle W. Conrad and Mariana Bertola
were appointed a committee to revise the
constitution and by-laws of the 'Grand
and subordinate parlors. A draft of a
memorial service, presented by Copa de
Ora. Parlor, waa taken under considera
tion by the Grand Parlor. Upon the rec
ommendation of the grand president the
Grand Parlor decided to prepare a book
of instructions on the Instituting of new
parlors and the following three past grand
presidents were appointed for the pur*
pose:. Clara K. wittenmeyer, •chairman,*
M. B. Wilkins and JMollie B. Johnson.
The remainder of the afternoon session
was devoted to a discussion of subjects
relating to the good of the order.
ldr with rather uneventful " morning
and afternoon sessions. Several reso
lutions were presented, among them one
from Miss Lilly O. Relchling of Ursula
No. 1, the founder of the order, calling
attention to the fact that many relics and
documents r>f historical value exist which
are held in light appreciation by their pos
sessors, -and calling upon the Native
Daughters to collect and preserve all such
relics and documents that are not now
in the State archives or otherwise cared
for.
- >y ACRAMENTO, June 12.— The State
(t^: Capitol was brilliantly Illuminat
y-SJ ed to-night on the occasion of the
4^^^ ball given to the delegates of the
Grand Parlor, of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West by Califia,
La Bandera and Sutter Parlors. '
The Assembly and Senate chambers were
filled with those who "had come to witness
or participate in the dance. The scene
has not been, surpassed In the entire his
tory of social events at the Capitol. The
night was perfect, and the toilettes of the
young women were becoming to the sea
son. '!. . .'- . '. "•¦-,"
The grand march, which was ¦ formed
shorly after 9 o'clock', was led by Frank
L. Coombs, president of the Grand Par
lor of the Native "Sons of the Golden
West, and Mrs. . Ema Gett, president of
the Grand Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters. They were followed by Past Presi
dent Frank D. Ryan and wife. State Li
brarian Gillis had tendered the use of the
library to the Native Daughters as a re
ception room and here during the e> en
ing there were many pleasant gatherings.
The following committees had charge of
to-night's social event: • ¦• * - '¦
• Reception — Adda Bowman, Eva Mitchell,
Ella Ryanr, Frankie Greer, .Birdie Ward,
Mary Woods, Lena Scully, Maggie
O'Hare Lezetta Zemansky, Tillle Brogan,
Carrie De -Costa, Laura - Buress, Tlllie
Lang, May Powers, May Young. "'Re
freshments—Jane Morrison, Edith Shorb,
Mary. Conn, Lida'Cohn and Laura Fox.
To-rinorrow ' night the delegates will ' be
taken on a ride up the -Sacramento River
by the Native Sons resident of Sacra
mento. Two steamboats and a barge
have been chartered and there will be a
concert and dancing on the barge. It is
intended to make this excursion ¦ one of
the great events of the week.
To-day was spent by the Grand Par-
GERMAN PRESS VIEWS ' ?,"
RUSSIA WITH DISTRUST
Order Issued by . Minister of .Finance
Is Regarded as Proof of ' ,
.Animosity. .
BERLIN, June 12.— The order Just is
sued by the Russian Minister of Finance.
M. DeWitte, directing that' hereafter the
securities of commercial and industrial
companies promoted or managed by Ger
man subjects eball not be admitted to
quotation on Russian bourses, except by
his special sanction,' is . regarded by the
Berlin financial press as affording fresh
proof of Russian animosity toward Ger-
lightning Kills Two Farmers.
LA CROSSE. Wis., June: 12.— L. M.
Kreeley and son, prominent farmers,* re
siding»two miles south of Arcadia, , were
struck by lightning to-day while driving
into a barn and both were Instantly killed.
Laborers Buried Under" Rock.
- VENTURA, Cal. t! June 12.— James Mc-
Donough ' and Charles ; Conzia," laborers,
were ' killed last - evening in - the new j rail
rcad tunnel, at" Santa , Susana .Pass., 1A
cave-in occurred and they were burled un
der ten tons of rock. ,-:¦•';«
WOODLAND, June 12.— A regular meet
ing of Woodland Parlor No. 30, N.v D.
G. . W., was held. Tuesday evening,, "at
which the following officers' were elected*
Miss Kate Simmons, president; Miss
Lulu Shelton, first vice president; Miss
Hattle Lee,- second vice president; Mrs.
Mary McGrlff, third vice president; Miss
Maggie Smith, recording. secretary; Miss
Elsie Greene, . financial. . secretary; Mrs
Sadie Clements, treasurer; . Miss Annie
Schluer, marshal ; Miss ¦ Hattle ¦ Aronson
Inside sentinel; Mrs. Theresa Lasky, out
side sentinel; Miss Eva Halnes, organist;
Misses ¦ Birdie Morris, Annie Ogden -and
Nellie Bumbaugh, trustees., ,\ -,¦: «. ; .--
Native Daughters Name Officers.
*> SYRACUSE;, N.\ Y.', June ? 12.— Syracuse
University '¦ to-day ; the degree of
doctor of divinity;upon Rev." Milton Dana
Buck, of San Francisco.
• The Mutual Life has returned more than
five I hundred - and forty millions | ($540,479,
810 44) ¦ to * policy, holders s and carried I the
sunlight * of comfort to: hundredH of thou
sands of grief -darkened homes. , No other
company has approached' this sum. ' r*. The
.broad. liberality of the management of the
Mutual' Life .is. bringing a 'Volume* of new
business ..unequaled in < its . previous his
tory. A', ¦;, ii\ ¦'.. . ¦;.-,- ' ¦::¦','-. " ¦¦¦¦¦<:
Degree * Conferred > on ; Rev. Dr. -. Buck.
\ NEW YORK,: June. 12.— For, some; time
past the Mutual Life Insurance Company,
of New York has been making "no distinc
tion between male"- and. female " risks." ?:% If
now insures women,- whose: applications
show them to be desirable risks, on exact
ly, the i same * terms .' as men: V .'¦¦' More J than
that,- hereafter, the sexes are ,to" stand on
an equality -in getting employment in all
the i offices of the company. • ,,-. - ;;• r.
as Regards Employment.
Places Women on Equality With Men
NEW^ YORK, June 12.— As a , result o*
losses .sustained, in the Jacksonville fire,
onetNew York: fire insurance company re
tired-to-day from. active business. When
the 'Florida loss, was. reported It was said
that . the 1 Pacifio Fire Insurance -Company
of New York* had been hit hard, although
the exact amount was not:knpwn. It de
veloped 'to-day,- however,.- that" the
pany's losses as a result of one fire aggre
gated 1 $80,000 and: that -late last -night the
company's risks *were reinsured with *the
Westchester - Fire Insurance Company of
New -York. . The 'contract of. reinsurance
went into effect to-day," ao that the Pacific,
which ranked high among the smaller un
derwriting concerns, ] is no longer in busi
ness. ¦ . - ' ', ."..'. '•¦¦•¦.¦."¦¦-. \" : i ¦¦ •' -:"¦-. ¦';.'¦'¦¦
. The Jacksonville' losses, did not cripple
tho Pacific, .for it had a surplus beyond all
claims, but it reduced; its margin above
capital to- such an r extent that the direc
tors I decided to withdraw . from ¦ the field.
The Pacific had more . than $60,000,000 of
insurance in force,' which will be protected
under the terms of the i reinsurance deal:
MUTUAL -/LIFE'S INNOVATION.
the* Directors to Withdraw
' From. the Field.
The Recent Jacksonville Fire Causes
Lieutenant Henry- T. Mitchell, of the
Forty-first' Regiment has been arrested
and. -will be'- tried by court-martial on the
charge "of- embezzlement, at Bacolor, of
public funds. . " - „ •
General ,Sumner has received informa
tion from Cailles, the-, notorious :.insur
gent leader, in Laguna, province, .that un
less the general agrees to the. Filipinos'
terms, winch include the granting of am
nesty -to the - insurgents, Cailles will riot
surrender . and the negotiations on the
subject are to be. considered- at , an end.
NEW .-YORK: INSURANCE %
y: * '"":': ; COMPANY : RETIRES
Captain W. H. Wilhelm of the .Twenty
first Infantry,- who .was recently wound
ed . in tile shoulder I in an-' engagement
with Insurgents atLippa, Batangas pro
vince, died to-day. - • '
cials Unless Sis Terms Are
* ' Accepted.
"'.MANILA, June •-, 12.— The i Philippine
Commission has passed an act creating
fourteen judicial^ circuits. , : The following
appointments have been ; made v by the
commission: General Mariano Trias, gov
ernor of Cavite; R. M. Shearser, treas
urer. Ambroslo Flores, governor, of Rizal;
Captain James "E. Hill of the Forty-sec
ondvReglment, treasurer. Captain Jacob
F. Krebs of the Twenty-second Regiment,
governor ; of.' Nueva Ecija ;. Lieutenant
Richard •¦ G. \ Day C of- the- Thirty- fourth
Regiment, treasurer. .''- - : .... *:¦,.'
Will Not ' Surrender to , Military Offi-
INSURGENT LEADER - -
IS STTLIi DEFIANT
-The boat is submerged until her deck
is nearly awash, solely by filling her bal
last tank with water. Diving Is accom
plished by means of diving-rudders,. the
boat always having buoyancy, . so that
in. the event of a stoppage she will come
to the surface. > >-;• ' ¦ •
The Fulton is an improved model of
naval warfare, and is 63 feet 4 inches long
and 11 feet 9 inches beam. A section of
the boat shows circular formation and
her submerged displacement is 120 tons.
She has a 160 horsepower gasoline engine
for surface running and a 70 horsepower
electric motor- for driving her under
water. This power is obtained from stor
age batteries carried on board. She is
expected to make eight knots an hour" on
the surface and seven knots when sub
merged. Her armament ' will be five
Whitehead torpedoes, which, can be dis
charged either when the vessel is sub
merged or on the surface, with a speed
of about I twenty-two knots, an hour.
The only exposed part of the boat when
not submerged is the conning tower,
which Is made of Harveyized steel twen
ty-four inches in diameter and four inches
thick. In this conning tower there are
eight sights,, allowing observation in all
directions by the navigator. The crew
¦will -.consist of seven men. . . ;
t. ¦
NEW YORK, June 12.— In the presence
of a large gathering of naval officials and
ether interested spectators, the submarine
torpedo-boat Fulton, the first of the little
fleet of six vessels of the same class belns
built at Lewis Nixon's shipyard at Ellza
bethport, N. J., for the United States Gov
ernment, was successfully launched this
afternoon. The yacht Josephine brought
down from New York the representatives
of the Holland Torpedo-boat Company,
under whose patents the vessel was con
structed, and about seventy-five friends
of the company also made the trip.
The Fulton glided into the water grace
fully and without a hitch when the con
necting plank was severed, while the big
crowd cheered and numerous steam
whistles were tooted. After going about
four lengths of herself, the Fulton carac
to a halt and was towed to an anchorage
by the tug Erie. The submerged part of
the vessel was painted a dark red and the
upper part a light gray..
Miss Muriel Rice, daughter of the presi
dent of the Holland Torpedo-boat Com
pany, christened the vessel. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Submarine Craft Fulton
Slides Into the
Waves! ~
SANTA ANA,. Jane lSi-^-Contrary to ex
pectation, the Christian Endeavor special
train from - San Francisco and Oakland
will not arrive here until 2*90 to-morrdw
afternoon. This Information came this
evening through the railway officials. The
Flight deUCy will give the local Endeavor
ers a littfe 1 more .time to complete prepa
rations- for entertainment, although they
already had ths work well in hand. The
little army of laborers have been flitting
here, there and everywhere. ' to-day like
a flock of birds, but each with his or her
distinct -work to do, and as a. result a
great amount of work has been accom
plished. .
The convention church is ready, and so
is the opera-house. So are many of the
houses for the entertainment of the
guests. The merchants have become im
bued with a desire for decoration, and as
a result the whole 'town has been trans
formed Into a Christian Endeavor meet
ing place, gold and purple streamers flut
tering everywhere.
On an early train to-morrow morning,
W. E. Jones. Harry tV. Lewis. Misses
Lydia Crookshank, Bessie Lewis and Hat
tie Whidden of the reception committee
will leave for Los Angeles with great bas-
Participants in South
African Campaign
Honored.
LONDON, June 12.— London seldom has
a finer spectacle than was witnessed on
the Horse Guards parade to-day, when
King Edward presented medals to 3000
scldier participants in the South African
campaign. The great square was lined
with guards drawn from the various regi
ments. In the center of the ground was
a purple covered dais surmounted by an
Indian tent with silver corner-poles. In
the space between the dais and St. James
Park were drawn up 3000 officers and men
of the Guards, Household Cavalry and
City Imperial Volunteers, all of whom
had served in the campaign. The Admir
alt>\ Horse Guards and other official
buildings fronting- the parade were all
decorated with flags. From the house of
Joseph H. Choate. the United States Em
bassador, on Carlton House terrace, flew
the American flag. The Lord ¦ Mayor,
Frank Green, attended in state and the
members of the special Moorish embassy
in picturesque costumes were interested
spectators^
Promptly at 11 o'clock King Edward,
the Queen, Princess Victoria and other
members of the royal family arrived and
took up places on the dais and the cere
mony began. The recipients of the med
als. In a. lone line, marched past the
King, received the decoration from his
Majesty, saluted and passed on. Lord
Roberts came first, followed by Lord Mil
ner. while behind them came crowds of
generals and lesser officers -whose names
have become familiar owing to the war—
Buller, Ian Hamilton and a host of others.
Among the members of Lord Roberts'
South African staff who received the med
al was Captain the Duke of Marlboroughc
The procession as a whole was most in
congruous. The officers of- the Guards,
Lancers. Hussars and ! Highlanders, in
dazzling uniforms: groups of solemnly
garbed men in frock coats, do.ctors who
had served at the front and half a dozen
foreign attaches in uniform. Captain
Stephen L. N. Slocum, the United States
military attache, -was not present. He is
In St. Petersburg. There were also groups
of time-expired men in civilian clothing,
policemen and wounded soldiers limping
along In hospital clothes. .The ceremony
lasted nearly three hours. ' the -Queen
standing beside the King throughout. .
EMPEBOR WILLIAM
ATTENDS A LATJlfCHING
Royally Received at Kiel Amid Sa-
Harbor.
lutes From Warships in the
KIEL, June 12.— Emperor William, ac
companied, by the 'headquarters staff.
Prince Henry, of Prussia and the chiefs
of his Majesty's private cabinet, arrived
here to-day to witness the launching of
the battleship Zaehringen at the German
sbjpyards. ' The Emperor boarded the im
perial yacht Uonbenzollern amid salutes
from the warships present. While the
work of removing the shores preparatory
to the launch was in progress a bridge
collapsed, killing: two men -and seriously
injuring three others.
The battleship was launched this after
noon and the Grand Duchess of Baden
christened it Zaehringen. .
. Artists should look over their colors be
fore going to the country sketching. Stock
up on your Wlnsor & Newton,' Masury's,
EXevoe's and Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s oil col
ors." Our stock of water colors, sketching
easels and other artists' materials is very
complete. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. .* ••
LOWELL, Mass., June 12.— The woman
whose headless body was found in
Chelmsford woods last Sunday arid whose
head was found yesterday, . was Identified
to-day as Mrs. Margaret Blondin of. Bos
ton. The identification was made by Mrs.
Margaret Casey of Lawrence] sister of
Mrs. Blondin. The woman married Blon
din, a French-Canadian mill- operative,"
last February. _, /.
Mrs. Blondin * had been ¦ missing since
April. Her maiden name was Riley., She
met Blondin in Chelmsford while work-
Ing in a mill, and their courtship covered
only a few months. The couple lived •- in
Boston for a time. About two. months
ago Mrs. Blondin returned to Lawrence.
It was said that she and her husband had
separated because Blondin wanted her to
accompany him on a trip to -Canada and
she declined" to go.- ¦•
In April she -came here and later went
to Boston, where she rejoined her .hus
band. Soon after Blondin said that she
had gone to Canada. He disappeared
shortly after. The authorities are trying
to trace Blondin. , ¦ ., "*
LAWRENCE, Mass., June 12.-Mrs. Wil
fred Blondin, whose' dismembered body
was found at Chelmsford . last Sunday,
came here with her family from Ireland
when she was quite young. Last ApriF,
while on a visit to her sister, who resides
here, she said, she had some trouble with'
her husband, because ¦ he * wanted her. to
draw her money out of the bank and go
to Canada with him' to -live. > .She -asked
her sister's advice about this .matter, but
Mrs. Casey told her to do as she thought
best. Later it was learned that she had
returned to Boston and was j living .with
her husband. , Afterward Mrs. Casey said
that she had gone to Canada.' "¦¦'- ': ' ¦¦'
Mrs. Casey .said that from what Mrs.-
Blondin had told her she believed that
Blondin was very jealous of her and that
he treated her cruelly. She says also that
he was very penurious. Mrs: Casey is of
the opinion that the quarrel- about going
to. Canada was renewed betweemthe cou
ple and that Mrs. *Blohdin left her-hus
band, went back to Lowell' to . seek work
and there met her death. .- . • . • '.
BOSTON, June 12. — Investigation here
shows that Wilfred Blondin, or.'J. W.
Blondin, worked here as a fireman -for
Forbes, Hay ward & Co. last September. -;
: A week ago to-day, it is learned, he be
gan work aa ' night • engineer i on Albany
street. He left his work -at 7 o'clock ihis
morning, . went to hla room'; on Green
street,, packed. his trunk and disappeared.
Headless Body N Fourid at
Lcwell Is at Last :•
Identified.
MURDER MYSTERY
NEARS SOLUTION
Upon the arrival of the ¦ special train
here they will be met at the depot by a
brass band and the general reception com
mittee and citizens, -who will * conduct
them at once to the convention church in
Spurgeon street, where the registration,
committee will be In waiting to take them
in hand and 'see that "they are properly
registered and I credited .to the various
unions represented. - Then the entertain
ment committee will take -charge of them
and assign them to the many hospitable
homes where they will be entertained
duing their .brief stay in the city. .
The opening sessions will be held In .the
evening- simultaneously in both the con
vention church and the opera-house. *. At
each of ihese places the programme .will
be the same, the speakers going from one
building • to ' the : other. ¦ ' The ' chorus 'choir
of one hundred voices will'' furnish the
music at the church and the First Congre
gational orchestra; thirty-four pieces, at
.tho opera-house. # -, • * ' ; --.-. " ,"
kets, of flowers to meet and escort the
visitors .to Santa Aha. 'Each o£ the • re
ception committee.' will wear a spotless
white cap with a purple band and gold
letters with "Reception" ., inscribed on it.
On the way down flowers will bedis
.tributed among the .visitors, and. they will
be .told something of the Santa Ana val
ley and the country, through which they
pass." ¦¦• . """ ¦'./•,. •:¦¦.¦;.¦¦ ' X ; ¦-•.¦¦¦•. •
Santa Ana's Streets Are Aflutter With Streamers and
the People Anxiously Await the Arrival of the Many
Delegates to the Big Convention ¦'.,¦ of the/ "Society;
Nichols went off guard at 1 o'clock a.
m. Up to that time Dan Yantis had been
very restless, never lying down, but sit
ting on a bench leaning against the wall.
His large white hat was drawn over his
eyes and he k^ept constantly looking out
of the window. Nichols asked him why
he did not lie down and sleep. He re
plied that he was not sleepy. The guards
thought he was watching his opportunity
to escape, but he was too closely watched.
After "Nichols .had gone off guard he had
only been. in-, bed a few minutes at his
home whenhe heard a pistol crack twice
and In about twenty seconds he heard two
more shots. He supposed that Yantis was
trying to escape and that the guards were
-nrJng afhim. Nichols started to their as
sistance, at -once, but his" wife persuaded
him to remain, saying, "You will follow
in I the steps of poor Constable Walker,
who ' was killed near Adin a few weeks
ago." , • .
There were five more men subpoenaed!
to-day and they arrived at the county
teat this evening. They are Myers, Glen,
Hagerman, G. E. Harrell and George
Courtwright. " ' .
The 'i Restlessness of Yantis.
Henry Knox,- P. K McDaniels, ¦¦ Will
McDanlels , and v-Burt Knox ; were i put
on the stand" to-day before the 'Grand
Jury- and . withstood the vigorous ex
amination of District Attorney • Bon
ner,' Assistant Attorney General -Post
and 'Deputy Attorney General . Stur
tevant.' Robert Leventon, who was on the
stand;. yesterday, probably underwent the
hardest' examination.* Leventon is- the
person who, with Isom Edes, came. to Al
turas a few days before the lynching andy
did what he could to induce District At
torney Bonner to proceed to Loqkout and
take the matter in hand. On the night of
the lynching he claims to have been at
his horse camp, • about nine miles . from
Lookout. He was accompanied by Isom
Eties, and the two came to Lookout ' the
next day about noon. Leventon -told a
well-connected story before the Grand
Jury, but was excused subject to call.
The witnesses examined so far are J. R.
Myers -Sr., George Walker, Arthur-
Traugh, Pete Coney,, Sup Kane, Jim
Brown, E. . L. Carpenter, Sid Goyette,
Jsom Edes. Bob Leventon, Henry Knox,
P. .L. . McDaniels, Will McDaniels and
Bert Knox. J. E. Myers Sr. is the Justice
of the Peace of . Lookout township, and
his testimony was a repetition of -what
happened on the night of the lynching.
George Walker, a ; clerk in the Co-oper
ative store of Adin, testified as to whom
he had sold rope during the past month.
Pete Coney and A. Traugh are also clerks
in stores of that vicinity and also testl
.fledas to rope. • E. L. Carpenter, a Con
stable of Lookout township, and 'Jim,
Brown;. Sid Goyette and R. L. Nichols,
deputy, constables, who were on guard the
night of the lynching, testified as to how
the men were taken. -
Examination of WitnWsesV
The- scene around the courthouse 13 a
lively one and trouble has been narrowly
averted Beveral times. There \b much fear
expressed over the" actions of the Indians.
They were- very hostile over the hanging
of the Indianboy and since the lynching
no less than fifty buck's have gathered at
Lookout; It is now learned that the war
riors from Klamath will soon be In Look
out and will await the action of the Grand
Jury, and if ? nothing is done they expect
to avenge ¦ their wrongs. District Attor
ney • Bonner ¦ has been asked to send a
number of men to Lookout at once, to
help protect the women and children, who
remain there practically alone. ... :
' ALTTJRAS, June 12.— The fifth day o£
the investigaUon of the Modoc Grand Jury
into the. matter of the Lookout lynching
has passed, and so far as can be learned
nothing, of importance has been revealed.
About fourteen witnesses have been ex
amined thus far and all told well-cement
ed, straishtforward stories. ... ; ;•¦¦•"
Official Asked to Have
Women "and l Children
¦•-¦-¦;¦ :.'•_'•'-"»' ¦:¦-' • .7-¦¦'_,
.Special'Dispatch to The Call.
LOOKOUT FEARS
ANGRY INDIANS
Ebstile Reds May Create
, .Trouble
• County.
BANNERS GLORIOUS, GOLDEN, PURPLE,
WAVE FOR THE CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR
disabling the Almirante Oquendo as. she
passed, the Oregon 'continued in chase of
the Colon, which was in the lead and had
a good start. The Oregon, with the Brook
lyn, hung on her heels for nearly fifty
miles, when a thirteen-inch shell from the
former forced the Spaniard ashore, where
she ¦ was scuttled- by her . crew. Not a
man on 'the Oregon -was injured and the
good ship, herself was damaged but little.
The Oregon^- was the flagship of the
squadron which.was gathered under Com
modore Watson in August to meet the ex
pected invasion of Admiral- Camara's
fleet, which later started for the Philip
pines instead, but turned back at Suez. .
AGAIN ¦BlOXTNDS THE HOBN.
Famous Battleship* Serves inJthePhi!-
ippines and China.
:' Going north at the close of the war the
Oregon was the chief attraction in trie
great naval parade at 'New York In the
latter part of September, 1S98, her appear
ance being greeted with the wildest en
thusiasm. . ' ; "'¦ • ' '•¦ ' " . « " ' .
, Soon^after she was ordered to the pa
cific, under \ easy steam. ' She sailed on
October i 8, and on December . 1 with the
Iowa and four supply ships was again at
Punta Arenas, In the Straits of Masel
¦lf»*i. .Calling at Valparaiso'*on the 17th,
slie made Callao oh the 26th, and on the
next day was presented with a service of
gold plate. by the citizens of that place.
it was hoped - that she would continue
on to San t'rancisco, "but on the urgent
request of Admiral' Dewey from' Callao
she was ordered to Manila. ; She sailed
January 11, and calling at the Galapagos
Islands for -one day, made Honolulu on
February 5, and sailed again on the 20th.
Calling at Guam on March 10, she made
Manila on the -18th." * ,' >. ' ? ?
The Oregon spent eleven months on duty
aldng the western coast of Luzon, patrol
ling and ¦ convoying, and on one or two
occasions throwing a few, shells to help a
landing party.- In February, 1900, shewaa
ordered north and reached Yokohama on
the 20th. Sailing again by way of Kobe
and Nagasaki, ¦ she arrived -aC> Hongkong
on May 31, where she remained until or
dered to the scene . of trouble In North
China. • " . ' . - ) *
She left Hongkong on June 23, • and on
the 28th, as she was entering the Gulf of
Fechili, on her way : to Taku, she struck
! on submerged rocks known as the "Pin
nacle Rocks," twelve miles south of Han
kai • light, on " Miautau Islands. The night
was .calm, but ,a heavy fog had , settled
down and she was proceeding very«slow
•ly. : Suddenly- she. was caught by, a cross
tide, and ' crashed on the rocks. • Had she
been going at any speed 'she would never
htive moved from the spot, which Is cOm
monlv* known, as the "graveyard of ves
sels." 'A swell came up and she began. to
lift and-beat- herself to death.' .Through a
rent , twenty-five feet long the sea poured
in, but ten pumps, each throwing a six
inch, stream, were soon put In action and
the water was kept- down.
-• "Wreckers from • Chifu ¦ arrived the next
day, and on July 1 she waa hauled oft the
one pinnacle \ only . to; strike . on -another.
Here she stayed, despite ;the efforts of
the wreckers and the strong pulling of the
British- cruiser : Endymlon, until • July<5,
when all at once , she floated off on her
own, motion. v . ..
Temporary stops -were^eotten over the
rent in her side and she w^a taken, by ,the
courtesy of the 'Mikado's Government to
the naval dock at Kure, Japan, where she
arrived on" July 17.; She ' was . docked on
.the 27th, • and in ; the* 7 - course : of a' month
..was ready - for - sea again,' and :• sailed ' *on
August 29 for Nagasaki and Shanghai,'ar
riving at; the. later .place on September 9.
On February,19 she arrived atHongkong
Where she* remalned;untll ¦ April'13, when
1 The story, of .the battle that followed is
too; fresh to ; be repeated here ¦ in "detail.
Suffice" It to say i that ; the " Oreeon ; ad?led
greatly to I her glory. '\ But ¦ for., her j pres
ence the i Cristobal Colon ] and the ,Viscaya,'
the; fleetest^ ships of ;the. Spanish k navy,
would have made' their escape. V There was
no other ' American " vessel present that
could match their speed except the .cruiser
Brooklyn; and; she could V hardly j have
hoped, to .'fight, the two,* one of them:; a
battleship.. ¦- " _ ; . : ' ¦ '.-." • ."~ ; c:
'.'After ' forcing the Viscaya*- ashore ¦> and
ship in- That Historic Battle.
OREGON AT SANTIAGO.
Glorious Part* Taken by the " Battle-
Uraguay, . presumably to Intercept the,:
Oregon, either in the straits or : on • her
way north. The anxiety and excitement
for,the-next ten days were intense. The
former, was : groundless, however. : The
Temerario stayed' at Montevideo and the
Oregon was next heard from at Rio de
Janeiro, which port 'she reached on April
30. Sailing thence with the Marietta and
the Buffalo, the newly purchased Brazil
ian cruiser. (Nictheroy), she arrived at
Bahia, Brazil. May 8. Again the country
was wrought up over the prospect of the
little squadron being intercepted by the
superior Spanish fleet which had -been
lying at the Cape Verde Islands. -
The Spaniards did not choose to seek an
encounter, however, and on May 24, after
touching at Barbadoes on her way, the
Oregon* reported to Washington her ar
rival at , Jupiter Inlet, near Key West,
Florida, ready for service. She had made
her, marvelous run without an accident or
break In any of her- machinery, and did
not require one cent's' worth of repair*.
An interesting Incident of her voyage was
that she was the first American battleship
to- cross the' equator. ¦•. .- . -,-¦ •"' ' .
The Oregon's average for the sixty-six
days from 'March 19, when she I left 1 San
Francisco, to May 24, when she reported
for duty to Admiral Sampson at ..Key
West, "was 203- miles per day: Deducting
the -thirteen days spent - in coalings and
stopping for. communications with Wash
ington at Callao, Punta- Arenas. Rio Ja
neiro, Bahia and Barbadoes, her running
time was fifty-three days and her average
per ¦ day. 253 miles. ¦ ¦¦>¦ • •¦•-.."¦¦.•-" :•:, -. ¦ ¦¦¦
She covered the 2578 miles between JBahia
and Barbadoes In- eight and a half days,
an- 'average of more than. 300 miles per
day and for the twenty-four hours before
reaching Bahia her run was 375 miles. An
unmatched- record, for .long or short dis
tance for ships of her class. /;¦ ¦
The patriotic spirit ¦'. of her. officers : and
crew' during that wonderful voyage -was
worthy of all ; the praise . that • was • show
ered upon them. For, the Chief Engineer
Robert M. Milligan • and the seventy . men
in his division it was ¦ battle work from
the beginning to the i end. They worked
like demons far below the deck, under an
intense tropical heat, and by their labors
added luster to the name of the American
navy and a brilliant page to Its history.
During- the s voyage the xterms of enlist
ment of many of the men \ expired, -but
with few exceptions J they re-enlisted on
the spot. -' ' . • . - - -' ¦ ¦'¦• '. ' "
• The Oregon at once went on duty along
the northern coast of Cuba, where she re
mained s ) until ; May ¦ 30, when she % was
ordered to join Schley's squadron off San
tiago; where Cervera's; fleet was at last
discovered to have taken refuge. Perform
ing blockading | and " reconnolssance duty
in that vicinity and participating' In' the
several bombardments of Morro Castle
and Santiago she was occupied until July
3," when ; the , Spanish fleet ¦ made Its dis
astrous" attempt to escape from -the harbor
of Santiago. • ,
Fair Delegates to the Grand Parlor of /the Order Gather at
% a Brilliant Ball Given in Their Honor by Members of
'^0^0m^^^^^^ and Slitter Parlors, 1 in Sacramento
NATIVE DAUGHTERS DANCE AT NIGHT
IN THE DAZZLING CAPITOL HALLS
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALt^TH
:r
2
WAR VETERANS
RECEIVE MEDALS
DIVING TORPEDO
BOAT LAUNCHED
Did , you sec in yesterday's
papers
- -
Sloane's
announcement of remark-
able offerings in Lace Cur-
tains and Portieres?
French Battenberg Lace, Irish Point
Tapestry, Silk Tapestry, Silk Damask
etc. . : ' ;fi;v.r,V: --, ._
Tapestry Furniture Cov-
erings, Silk Damasks for
draperies and coverings.
Silk 'down: filled Sofa
Pillows. Remnants of
Tapestry, Silk Damask,
Velour, Etc.
"A special sale . at ' Sloane's.**" Our
patrons know what that means; others
ought ; to know: We extend a cordial
invitation to all. '
\Y. & J. SLOANE & CO.
114t122 Post Street.MERCH ANT VIEW
OF PORT NEEDS
nla's Congressional delegation will be
found the declaration by Congressman
Kahn that "the best interests of our mer^
chants and of our community demand
that "we shall have the best possible ser
vice for promptly apprising consignees of
the earliest approach of incoming ves
sels."
¦ Congressman Metcalf finds that | there
are no difficulties to overcome here which
have notieen met and overcome by the'
New York Herald service at Nantucke^.
He ¦ was convinced that connecting the
Farallones and San Francisco is entirely
feasible. ¦
Congressman Coombs says that among
the obligations of a great government
are tho protection and encouragement of
ocean ; commerce and that the wireless
telegraph connection proposed i could
The distance, it was also made clear,
between the Farallones and San Fran
cisco Is approximately thirty miles and Is,
therefore, well within the reach of wire
less telegraphy. Owing to the frequent
In making tho inquiries the fact was set
forth that the New York Herald has in
stituted a wireless telegraph service be
tween Mantuckef 'ightship and a head
land on the island, the distance covered
being forty-three miles. By this service
nev/s of the approach of vessels can be
published in New York City and also
telegraphed to all points from twelve to
fifteen hours before the arrival' In "wort.
The benefit is very great All persons in
terested in shipping news have hailed
with gratification this practical applica
tion of the Marconi discovery.
LETTERS addressed to the Sen
ators and Representatives com
posing the California delegation
upon the floor of Congress were
recently sent out by the editor
of The Call to ascertain /their
views and the measure of as-
Bistance which they would lend to the
establishment of the Marconi wireless
telegraphy at the Farallones and at Point
Lobes, as an agent for the^ benefit of the
commerce and other Interests of this
coast- The responses are grratifyins In
man>>TC£pects. In addition to this, rep
resentatives of The Call were Instructed
to call upon leading: and representative
men who are at the head of large bodies
of influential citizens to get an expres
sion of opinion from them. The resulU
•
RELATIVE to the establishment, of a
irirelegd teleKrapb »erTlce between the
Farallon Islands and San Francisco,
I desire to say that I am heartily in
favor of meenrinjc an appropriation for
•inch a purpose. In fact, at a. recent
meeting: of the directors of the Cham
ber of Commerce. Tvlien It vras suggested that
an appropriation be secured for the purpose of
laylnc a cabbe betrreen those islands and San
Francisco, I made the sngg:estfon that perhaps
ire could set a wireless telegraph service
moch snore readily becanse. of the srreat «av-
Inp in cost. The commerce of San FrancUco is
rapidly grovrins:. The best interests of our
merchants and of onr community demand that
-vre should have the bet>t possible service for
promptly apprising; consigrnees of the earliest
approach of tncoming vessel*.
H difference of two or three honr* in notl
frlBtr the quarantine service and the barge of
fice of the approach of a vessel nonld in man>-
Instances mean the i saving of considerable
delav. annoyance and inconvenience in the
matter of sottln? the vessel to her dock. San
Francisco Is the leading: port of the Pacific
Coast. The Farallonen. Ijlns- as they do thirty
inljes from the entrance of the Golden Gate,
would be in a spleudid position from which to
telegraph the news of the approach of an in
comUe vessel. I, as one of the representa
tives from this port, shall be pleased to lay
the matter, befor** Congress and will do every
thing- I can to secure favorable legislation
upon the xnbject. Respectfully.
Jl'LIX'S KAHS.
Itcpreocnta.tfve Fonrth Congressional District.
CONGRESSIONAL
ENCOURAGEMENT
MARCONI, SOME OF THE INSTRUMENTS EMPLOYED IN HIS ADMIB-'
¦ ABLE SYSTEM AND, THE GEOGRAPHICAL ASPECT OF THE PROB
LEMS WHICH "ARE PRESENTED AND ARE OVERCOME.
Ing without wires'.' across land or sea
was yet at the experimental stage. » Tne
apparatus was procurable in London only,'
and not one person connected with the
effort, -and probably not one in this city.
messages across the water were made at
various distances. .
These preliminary trials showed the ad
' visability.' of having instruments of great
er potentiality if success was to be made I
The Call Leads in Effort Making to Secure for San Francisco a Serv
ice That Will Confer Upon Commerce Many Advantages Not
Now Possessed, and Will Also Make Perils of the Ocean
Less to Be Dreaded When Thick Fog Settles Upon the Coast
/"T" HIS MORNING The Call makes the initiatory move to secure for the port of San Francisco the /vast advantages that. will follow
~"'j_ '..the permanent establishment of wireless telegraphy to connect the Farallon Islands and Point. Lobos. ., "
. Standing off shore far enough to command a view of the broad Pacific Ocean, many miles beyond the ken of San Francisco,
' . the Farallones,. everlasting and lofty sentinels of the deep, occupy a rarely advantageous position to signal that present vast, commerce
and still vaster to be commerce that mtist pass through the Goldeit Gate. ¦ : .
-, - Nozv it is proposed by Tho Call that these sentinels shall be given voice and power to be of service to the greal shij>s~thal plow the
ocean, the agency to be employed being Marconi's wonderful discovery. ,' ~ >
/ " There are many considerations, all momentous, that make it [imperative that, the port of 'Sah Francisco, as the gateway for the
trade of the Orient, shall be placed on an equality with ports of entry on the] Atlantic coast. There is a^ general appreciation of the fact
that' the time for action has arrived. This is made clear in the signed communications which are published, this morning.
Fully . appreciating the anxiety of ' the
people and the importance to 'those; in
charge of the arrangements for the grand
reception of the very, earliest possible
knowledge \ of the approach of the I trans
port ibearing^the; First ; California home,
the management of this paper determined
to go a long length beyond anything, that
had ever been tried before; to make a
practical test of "the claims of Marconi's
great discovery, and, If found practlc-
"„ It will be remembered that "two years
ago this paper invoked - the aid of the
t then new and mysterious. agency to her
ald - from far -out in - the ocean the coming
¦of the good ' ship ¦ Sherman bearing the
sons of California from the distant scene
of war back to their own proud and ex
pectant shore. '
In calm or storm, broad ; seascope ; or
thick fog, by night and byday.'tho ap
proach of vessels when yet many leagues
away .will be proclaimed. '"»
, The project of The Call is not a new
one by, any means. ' 'i
nent tribute of usefulness
to the convenience and . progress . of San
Francisco. . "
WIRELESS telegraphy, the
great achievement of the
closing decade of a mar
velous century of scien
tific discovery, Is ¦ ' to be
made to pay its perma-
REGARDING the advantage of a wireless telegraphy system between the Farallon Islands and San Francisco,
via Point Lobos, am pleased to say that I believe, if the system is practicable, its advantage to the shipping
int-^ests would more than justify the expense of construction and maintenance. It is one of the many recent,
•advances in electrical science that has practical value, and should be put into operation .wherever it^can be
used to the benefit of our commerce. . . . ' \-. -. ,
The Merchants' Exchange has its lookout station at Point Lobos at a high elevation! and as the.Faral
lone Islands are of sufficient height, the expense of construction would be minimum. The Merchants'. Ex
change has a telephone line, connecting the Point Lobos station with the exchange, so that ¦ any . messages sent in
could be promptly transmitted to the proper address. . . V ¦ •,' • » i( _
I beUeve it to be within the province of this Government to construct such telegraphic , system . for the better
protection of our merchant marine. Also, it would be of advantage to vessels in . the Government -} service, ••. They
could communicate with or receive orders without the necessity of coming into the harbor. Vesselsjarrlving off the
oort in distress or requiring the services of a tug or other assistance, could, by signaling the. operator. on the islands,
communicate with the city. Vessels coming to this coast In ballast' with Instructions to get their orders off the har
bor (to come in or proceed to Portland or the Sound for their outward cargo) would be saved the inconvenience of
delays Such communication now is generally by ths pilot boats and necessitates considerable loss of time. > '.
New and valuable uses not now thought of, would develop through the ability to communicate between the Far
allones and this city by the installation of a telegraphic system, otherwise. -:Tour8^pectfully. . - ... ;
i,;.;^.V. G. W. McNEAR, President Merchants ; Exchange.
PRESIDENT G. W. McNEAR SPEAKS FOR
TH E NEW MERCH ANT 5 ' EXCHANGE
¦wLiEARN; with pleasure that The Call is engaged in trying ; to secure for San Francisco the ; benefits to arise from
1 the introduction of . wireless telegraphy, * whereby the Farallon ! Islands ana San Francisco will te put in - Imme^
- ¦ dlate touchr: For many "years the necessity, for speedy : and reliable communication between the islands and the
D mainland has (been evident.; At various times the Chamber of Commerce has tried to have a cable laid to unite the
¦ islands; and the mainland. The growth of our commerce, the Increasing fleets, on the Pacific Ocean, which are the
"*• promise of greater fleets to be, and the < vast interests to be fostered by promoting. our commerce, make.lt highly
• important ; that we shall not neglect to espouse 'anything that .will result in placing us upon an equality with the
East in the matter of facilities. I heartily favor the work of The Call in this matter, knowing it. to be' in the right di
rection. -Wireless telegraphy has passed, the experimental and has been employed by the military authorities and
others '-"to" enable '-them, to communicate with distant posts. ~ The Nantucket ; Island station will give an advantage to the
Eastern 'merchants and shippers which they will not be/slow to appreciate. The. fog .that so often shuts out the view
of '"the" Pacific Ocean'for many.hours" at a' time serves as a; bar, to 'knowledge that is Tseeded concerning the shipping on
the ocean near; by. during periods when vessels cannot enter. therGolden Gate. While they -wait much valuable time Is
lost" and business *„ suffers /interference. ' Wireless "telegraphy- would < of ten serve-to let us know about the vessels off the
coast.' We would be able to learn of vossels in distress with /promptness.. Vessels waiting for orders would receive in
structions..-'In : time" of possible * war <¦ the Farallones,; standing, like* sentries in, the ocean, .would/ if : properly equipped,
give news \ of , inestimable ; , value. : : There is everything ,to . be said in ': favor of connecting the islands electrically . with , the
mainland; and .nothing can be urged against such a plan. , Storms coming In from the : ocean could be early' signaled.
The Call ( Is doing good work in this : direction . for ] the interest of the public. , The Chamber of Commerce \ favors The
Call's enterprise in •_ this direction. • ;'-, . ; ¦ ¦": . .¦ : ¦ " ¦ GEORGE A. NEWHALL,"-
\ < -, - V * •: '. iv-v.^.- President San Francisco ; Chamber, of Commerce..
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE ESTIMATES
VALUE OF WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
sure. %The cable .brought these in due
course of time and on . their arrival the
final installments and dispositions '• were
made. ; V> ( * '-.**.- • ¦• ;
•' By . permission of the Goveiyxment • offl
cials the sea end of the aerial courier
Continued on Page Four.
.have * It i to leap the longitude and
speak the : welcome news to the waiting
cityA-V'- 'j'*~'. . ?.-':" ¦if"/j':\ /; . ;, 'u^'-"
,To this end a fulK equipment, of Mar
coni's i apparatus V was imported and " in
stalled at (the i most available points ! for
preliminary, ''''•<'', ":¦ "t I . ; ; .' '
.?' It must be*remembered that "telegraph-
>For : some, t five : weeks * or/more expert-'
ments t were made::flrst between the dome
of The Call * building and Telegraph ; Hill
and other ! points. i ; Then a set '^of the ap
paratus was .installed on. the -yacht i'Lur^
line % and £ tests of sending 'and - receivine
had * any < knowledge", of > its - manipulation
other than that gained by, reading.*;
were no lesa satisfactory. On all sides
•was manifested Intelligent appreciation
of the possibilities for good in the plan
proposed by The Call. Other plans to
make communication possible between
the Farallones and San Francisco have
been advocated, but have not been made
operative. In this instance all' the con
dition* are favorable to success.
fogs on this coast- vessels often have to
lie off the port many hours before they
can enter. It Is manifestly to the ad
vantage of all business interests to have
information of the approach. of incoming'
ships. Timely news, moreover, will bo ef
fective to guard against such '& disaster
as befell the Rio. -
1 In the responses received from Calif or-
come ', vsry properly within the Jurisdlc*
tionof the Treasury Department. •/"
Congressman Woods writes" thatajVwe
have been modest too long and, the Repre
sentatives *from 'California.; should "insist
before the departments and Congress that
every appliance that science has provided
for convenience and -safety should 'be
adopted here and granted by the govern
ment." He also adds that the "wireiess
WASHINGTON,: June 12.— Esther, Bart
lett ; Clark was - to-day*, granted a divorce
from her husband, 'James :KIng Clark 'of
Pittsburgh " The decree, which was sighed
by Justice Kagner, I cites desertion on ¦ the
part of the defendant as the cause., Mrs.
Clark's -application was made "less than
a month ago. . ¦ / -
James . King Clark ' applied for a divorce
nearly , a year . ago • in Pittsburg : on ; the
ground of infidelity.'. The trial, which "was
most I sensational, \ resulted in a disagree
ment .of ;the_ Jury. -•¦ . «¦/-.. ¦ . * -, /
band Sought in Vain : a Year
;V ,;.'"ri'. '¦•''¦ Ago.; :; '¦;. ¦ if:*- b
Wins the Separation That Her Hus-
' President A.) Sbarboro of the Manufac
chants" Association Is, enthusiastic. ."Wo
should learn to work together," he writes.
"Suppose we learn a little .from^our col-
lege students. 1 ." Suppose we select a? yell
leader • and stand by him. Let ¦ all the
commercial interests.: unite, let the press
unite,- let the Congressional' .delegation
unite, let us all act, together and shout to
gether: 'We want;wlreless telegraphy to
the Farallones!' and "doubtless •• we- will
get it."*- j !, .- '-, : '¦¦' ¦; . ¦ .
ESTHER I BARTLETT CLABK* > ;
" ' v GETS -DIVORCE.. DECRE13
Not less positive are the presidents of
commercial bodies of. San Francisco con
cerning the necessity for adding wireless
telegraphy to the facilities of the port. \
Tieorge W. McNear, president of the
newly organized Merchants' Exchange of
San Francisco' and also of the San Fran
cisco Produce Exchange, finds that "the
advantage to the shipping- interests would
more than justify, "the expense of. con
struction and maintenance." -He also bc
lieyes it to be within the province of this
government to construct ,the*-- wireless
telegraphic system for the better protec
tion of our. merchant marine. - ¦'
President. A. A. Watkins of the San
Francisco Board of Trade finds that "the
benefits of the wireless . telegraph stations
which The Call proposes would be more
than local. All the Pacific coast would
share In them and the entire nation would
have advantages which are now withheld.
It is due' to us that commerce shall be
expedited and that every safeguard that
can be devised shall be placed at the serv
ice of shipping to make the port of San
Francisco desirable in every respect.
President George A. Newhall of the San
Francisco, Chamber of Commerce writes
that he learns with pleasure that The Call
is engaged in trylng-to secure for San
Francisco the benefits . to , arise ' from con
necting' the Farallones and the port -by
wireless telegraphy, and that the vast in
terests to "be fostered by promoting our
commerce make it highly Important to se
cure all facilities V. needed to be on an
equality with the East in conveniences for
transacting business.": ,-; .%• • .
President A. Sbarboro of the Manfuac
turers\and Producers' Association wriccs:
"It is .with .pleasure *that -I very heartily
indorse the proposition: to have wireless
telegraphy established between the'Faral
lones and San 'Francisco and hope that
success may. attend -your very, laudable
and public-spirited efforts in this direc
tion.". ••*. ¦-.',•. "'*•.,"',; . ¦ •• r\ *•¦ *
Seasons for Connecting Islands
". . and the Mainland. ._
Their Presidents Adduce Many Good
California's Senators are In favor of fa
cilitating the -movement of commerce.
Congressmen whose answers were not re
ceived ,in time for publication this morn
ing unquestionably will be arrayed for the
good of California in this very Important
matter. • •¦ , •
MERCANTILE BODIES !
ARE AliSO^ IN EARNEST
telegraphy for the Farallor.es and San
Francisco should b? presented at once by
the California delegation as a unit to the
War Department in the nature of a com
mand." .
THE SAN FBANCISCd ; CAXI,. THTTESD^T, JT7NE 13, 1901.
LEADING MEN OF THE COAST NOW URGING
ESTABLISHMENT OF MARCONI'S WIRELESS
TELEGRAPHY AT HEADS AND FARALLONES
CAMFORXIAXS have for many years held
the conceit that San Franclico occupied
one of the moot Important small spot*
upon the face of the globe. Time in
about to prove that they were not very
far wroDR. The rent of the world ¦ has
discovered our Importance and is pre
pared to admit that ire hold possession of a
most important stopping; place on the world's
principal highway. - Foreigners admit it and
onr national legislators nre waking np to it.
We need a fair share of Uncle Sam's spending:
money and we -want Congress to realize onr
needs. We need every aid possible in con
nection •with onr great ' harbor. We should
long ago have had a Government telegraph to
the Farallones. Such a \ natural outpost in
front of a great harbor should be pat in. dt
rect communication with the main land. The
ships and the travelers of the world require it
and the nation should provide it. The -wire
less telegraphy has apparently come' to stay
and we should demand of the Government that
one of the first applications of its use should
be bet-ween the Farallones and the main land.
Suppose we learn a little from' our college
students. Suppose we select a yell leader and
stand . by him. Let all the commercial inter
ests unite, let the press unite, let the Con
gressional delegation unite, let us all .act to
gether and shout together, "We want wireless
telegraphy to the Farallones," and doubtless
we will get it. , j FRAXK J. SYJIMES,
President of- Merchants' Association.
3Authorship of Republi
can Bimetallic Plank
•of 1896 Placed.
— •
Senator Chandler Rewards
His Colleague With a
SI 00 Check.
CALL BCREAU, 1406 G STREET N. "W.,
SENATOR LODGE
WINS A PRIZE
"That Immortal declaration twice made
Mr. McKinley President, and the fidelity
with which the pledge has been fulfilled
the world knows." . - '
mission^ "W. C. Van Fleet" is to be a
candidate • for Associate Justice of ihe
State Supreme bench 'again and his
friends here and elsewhere have been so
advised by Van Fleet himself. He was
in the city a few days ago, at which time
he informed several that he will go be
fore the Republican State Convention
next year seeking a nomination.
It is certain that Superior Judge Lucien
N". Shaw will seek an elevation ' next year
to the Supreme bench, and the indica
tions are that Judge Shaw will have the
strength of all of the country south of
Tehachapi at his back. Los Angeles is
certain to . be sohu for him, no matter
how the delegation from here may be di
vided upon the Governorship or other
State officers.
Chief Justice W. H. Beatty, who Is to
be a candidate for renomination, will be
opposed in the Republican State Conven
tion by Associate Justice Garoutte. ¦¦ The
two jurists are not friendly on or off the
bench, and they are to try conclusions
in the Republican primaries throughout
the State next year.
Lawyers here generally are all ardent
admirers of Chief Justice Beatty, but the
latter may be handicapped by having- no
political following when It comes to a
count of noses in the State convention.
Justice Harrison, whose term also ex
pires in 1903, -will likewise have to strug
gle for a renomination, as the Van Fleet
candidacy is certain to be in his way.
LOS ANGELES, June 12.— Code Com-
Code Commissioner De
sires Supreme Bench
Position. ¦
Superior Judge' Shaw Seeks
Elevation. 1 to; 1 /Higher
Tribunal. • - .
Special Dispatch, to' The Call.,
VAH FLEET WILL
BE A CANDIDATE
some. twenty miles from Sandy Hook.
What the He.'ald is doing is here, given
in an excerpt from an article in a re
cent issue of that paper:
: "Wireless telegraphic communication
will be established by the Herald be
tween the Nantucket Shoal lightship and
the shore at Sankaty Head, Nantucket
Island,;- forty-three miles distant. The
sighting 'of, steamers will be reported 193
miles. east, of iSandyHook, giving friends
of passengers ample opportunity to meet
them, gaining about thirteen hours' time
on an average. ; ¦ - - -V.
"Sankaty'Head is on the southeastern
coast of the island. *A pole 130 feet high
will be erected en a. bluff. The lightship,
No.~66, is moored in 180 feet of water on
the main steamship lane. She was built
in ; 1896, and is a flush-deck steam light
vessel,, with two masts, schooner trigged,
no bowsprit.- There is a circular white
gallery under, the lens at each masthead.
Her. hull is red. with 'Nantucket Shoals'
painted in white eri each side and. '66'
in white on each bow and quarter- ;.' A
large • and a small black smokestack and
theJfcg signal are between the masts.
A 12-inch steam chime whistle blows.dur
ing fogs. She has an excellent electric
plant. For the Marconi system a . pole
put on Sutro Heights could get a sight of
their tops.
Tugs can be called to tow in or assist
vessels in distress: life-savers can be no
tified of the incoming of a vessel during
a fog. as in the case of the ill-fated Rio.
and be on the alert to guide or rescue as
the need might be. .
It is not going too far to say that had
such -an arrangement been in use at the
time of the loss of that worhy ship with
her treasure and six score and ten pre
cious lives, would have been averted
¦ Such a system of reporting vessels from
out in the ocean will be in use ¦ on .-the
Atltntic Coast probably before tl*e" month
is over. It will be established by The
Call's ' news associate, the New : York
Herald, ard the former will give its read
ers the full advantage of the "special",,
news that' will be promptly -wired by its
New York ally. .".... " '
New York now gets; the last news of
outgoing snd the first news -of incdming
trans-Atlantic steamers from Fire Island,
on the southern shore of Long Island,
BAKER CITY, Or., June 12.— This morn
ing a party of miners who -were changing
shifts at the Baby . McKee mine, near
Sumpter, found the unconscious bodies of
J. B. Conroy and Herbert Thomas. Every
thing possible was done to .revive them,
but they- both died about two hours after
being taken out. It is supposed , that the
men were asphyxiated., by the foul; air
caused by the .repeated - explosions of
powder used in blasting. '¦'. -- "~
Oregon, Miners Asphyxiated.
Your opportunity. The .balance of this
week. *Ladies* shoes and ties worth $3 for
75c a pair at the factory sale of shoes.
717 Market street, near Third. •
Why ; Miss, This CnanceP
CUBAN LEADERS
YIELD AT LAST
Constitutional Conven
tion Accepts Platt'
Amendment.
Sixteen Delegates Vote in Its
Favor and Eleven Ara
Opposed.
HAVANA, June. 12. —The Cuban consti
tutional convention to-day accepted j the
Platt amendment by a vote of 16 to 11.
The resolution to adopt was carried with
out discussion. Immediately after the
opening • of the ¦ session '. Senors Tamayo,
Villuendas and Quesada, constituting a
majority of the committee on relations,
submitted as a substitute for the commit
tee's former report the Platt amendment
as passed by Congress, recommending
that it be made an appendix. to the con
stitution. In the vote on the resolution the
twenty-seven delegates present divided as
follows:
In favor of acceptance— Senores Capote, Vil
luendas, Jose M. Gomez, Tarnayo. Monteagne
do, Delgado, Betancourt, Giberga. Florente.
Ouesada, Sanguilly, Nunez, Rodriguez, Ber
nel, Quilez and Ferrer. ¦ ' "
Opposed ! to acceptance— Senores Zayas, Ale
man, Eudaldo Tamayo, Juan Gualberto Go
mez, Clsneros, SHvela, Fortun. .Lacret, Por
tuoncio, Castro and Manduley.
Senores Rivera, Correoso, Gener and Re
bau were absent. The latter two voted
against acceptance in the previous divi
sion. Senor Ferrer voted with the con
servatives, explaining his change of atti
tude by asserting that he believed accept
ance would be the best solution of the
problem. '. i A . -, ? .'.
The, convention will 'appoint a commis
sion to draw up the electoral law.
WASHINGTON. June 12.— The news of
the . adoption of the Platt amendment by
the Cuban constitutional convention -was
received with genuine gratification here.
Take a camera when you go for a vaca
tion or on a picnic. You will never forget
the trip, if you have good plates and
films. Get your supplies from Sanborn,
Vail & Co., and you will be sure to have
the best. ' •
l r,. I .. I ..T,, Il , I ,, I ,, I .. I ., I ., I ,, I ,, r ., I , lI ,. I ., I . <: .. I . I ..|.. I ..T.. I .. I . )>
coni system are not yet to be measured:
During the yacht races for the America's
cup in October cf 1899, the New York Her
ald had a vessel equipped with the "wire
less" apparatus, with Marconi himself In
charge, closely following the racers and
sending constant reports to a land station
on Sandy- Hook, . whence they were
promptly telegraphed to the Herald and
The Call. '^ . .
The -two enterprising newBgatherera
were enabled to post accurate reports of
the progress of the race within two or
three minutes after the happenings, and
from : fifteen minutes to , half an hour
before any other . papers in either New
York or San Francisco, depending on the
old-time methods, had . their reports,
such as they were.- The crowd of bulle
tin readers in ¦ front of . The Call office
actually knew the orders given on board
the yachts even before they were fully
executed by absolute time,
tlon besides tha trials and practice of the
naval authorities in this country and
abroad, the Horald says:
"The - practical utility of the wireless
system was demonstrated last month,
when- a channel steamer equipped wijh
apparatus for receiving signals obtained
a^ message, from a lightship stationed in
NEW YORK, June M2.— The World has
this from London: The -British Govern
ment has decided to levy $250,000,000 on
the Transvaal gold mines, the World cor
respondent learns from a sure' source, to
half pay the cost of the war ;
Sir David Barbour, formerly Finance
Minister for India, who was commis
sioned to report upon the taxable . ca
pacity of these mines, advised Colonial
Secretary Chamberlain to levy $175,000,000,
but Mr. Chamberlain, after consultation
with Lord Milner, increased the maxi
mum to the amount stated. Barbour's
report is awaited here with the keenest
interest in political and financial circles.
This recommendation, when it becomes
known here, is certain to cause con
sternation among Kaffir stockholders,
who fancied that the idea of taxing the
mines, which are mostly owned in Eng
land, had been abandoned.' As these very
gold mines: were the real underlying
cause of the. war, many have maintained
that, their British owners should be made
to bear -a large share, at- least, of its
heavy burden. .
BERLIN. June 12.— The Magdeburg Ga
zette publishes. a letter from Johannes
burg which states that famine is raging
among the British and ¦ Boer population
there. One day recently twelve Boer
women and children in the encampment
died of hunger and -want. Entire families
are dying of- starvation.
PRETORIA, June 12.— General Pul
teney's division has captured a party of
Boers, including a brother of Acting
President Schalkburger, on the Swaziland
border.' - J ' ... -. ¦
>- BRUSSELS, June 12.— Mrs. Botha, wife
of Commandant General Louis Botha, ar
rived here- to-day. She was received at
the railway station by. Dr. Leyds: -,
-^ Special Dispatch to The Call.
Great Britain "Will -Devy
Upon Transvaal Gold- 1
Producers. -
Owners of Kaffirs W Suffer
Through the Policy of
Chamberlain.
MINES TO PAY
COST OF WAR
Foster was 22 years of age and belonged
to one of the leading families of Louis
iana. Governor McMillin of Tennessee is
a brother-in-law of the dead man. ¦ .
SHREVEPORT. La., June 12.— John G.
Foster was killed on the Foster plantation
five miles west of 'this city on the Vicks
burg, Shreveport and Pacific Railway this
morning by. a- man named Prince Ed
wards. . There had been trouble between
the overseers and negroes, and Foster left
the plantation store to go to the scene
of the trouble. Twelve or fifteen negroes
had. gathered in a cabin, and as Foster
approached one of .those in the. cabin fired,
mortally wounding him. The negroes scat
tered but several bands of officers have
succeeded in capturing all but Edwards,
who did the shooting.
NEW YORK, June 12.— The Sun has the
following from St.'Louis: A bulletin just
received -he're says that several negroes
have been burned at the stake as the out
come of the murder of J. M. Foster, near
Shreveport, La.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Takes Awful Vengeance for
the' Murder of a White
'..Man. V. ''-',
Louisiana Mob Puts Its
Victims to Death
V With Fire.
NEGROES PERISH
AT THE STRIKE
REFERRING to -the establishment of • a wireless telegraph" system -!
from the Farallon Islands for the purpose' of advising our Chamber
of Commerce and, the shipping community of the approach of vessels
to our coast. I would say that before'leaving Washington I had sev- "
eral interviews with Professor Willis L. Moore, Chief of the Weather
Bureau in Washington, in relation to- the wireless telegraph. He,
being both a progressive and a scientific man, has been investigating
the practicability of the use of the wireless telegraph to be used by vessels on
the Pacific Coast to advise "us in relation to the cold waves and the condition
of the weather on -the coast of the States of Washington, Oregon and Cali
fornia. The result of his investigations when. I left ¦ Washington had not
satisfactorily demonstrated to his mind the practicability of asking the Gov- '
ernment for an appropriation, but he hoped' to gather sufficient data to en
able him to make a. favorable repoTt when Congress convenes next December.
Since I have been in Congress I have endeavored to secure. ah appropria
tion for the construction of a cable line from' Point Reyes to the Farallon
Islands, as that seemed to be the most advantageous point on the coast. If
it is not deemed practicable to use the wireless telegraph, then I am. . very"
hopeful that we will be able to secure an appropriation at tho coming session
of Congress this winter for a cable from San Francisco or Point Reyes to the
Farallon Islands. , ' . ¦ '¦
The experiment or trial now being made by the New York Herald, estab
lishing a wireless telegraph service between Nantucket lightship and the
headland on the island, will demonstrate the practicability of such a service.
.There is no question but what it will come In the near future," buf I think it j
the part of wisdom to wait and profit by the experience of those who are
scientifically investigating the whole subject. GEORGE -C.PERKINS,
United States Senator' from California.
CALIFORNIA SENATOR
FORESEES SUCCESS
THE establishment. by the Xew York Herald of a wireless telegraph
service between Nantucket lightship and a head land on the island
furnishes a suggestion for our own coast, which should be promptly
acted upon, to wit: The establishment of a similar service between
the Farallones and San Francisco. No difficulties present themselves
in establishing and successfully operating such a service here which
have not been met and overcome there. The distance between the
operating points is not . so great here as there, and the conditions of eleva
tion, etc.. are all in our favor. '/
It is not necessary to enumerate here the advantages and benefits to ac
crue from the establishment of such a service. Many of these immediately sug
gest themselves coincidently with mention of it; and, with further thought,
others present themselves, among which will prominently appear the possi
bility of preventing by its aid such terrible disasters as that of the Rio, and
others which have preceded it, at least of diminishing the loss of life in case
of such accidents — the approach of -vessels being announced long In advance,
and their arrival looked for. • ' ¦ •
The subject is one to which my attention has previoftsly been called. Just
before I left Washington last March it formed the subject of a very Inter
esting interview with a gentleman who had given it much intelligent thought
and careful study, with, as it seemed to me at the time, entirely practical
conclusions.
The great desirability of establishing the service being admitted, consid
eration of the means and the successive steps for its speedy realization are
next in order. These> shall at once command my earnest attention, as they
undoubtedly/ will also that of my colleagues, and the result of our co-ope
rative action should greatly aid In securing a consummation in the short
est possible time. .» V. H. METCALF,
Representative Third Congressional District.
- • . ¦ ¦ i '¦¦
METCALF WILL LABOR
FOR DESIRED SERVICE
i . S . president of the Manufacturers' and- Producers' Association, I
A- anv pleased to be able to indorse the admirable plan that The Call
/m _-. suggests for the facilitation of communication between; the Faral-,
.- -ZJl ' lone Islands and the port of San Francisco. Many causes 'have
V^^L made the growing commercial importance of San Farncisco a mat
ter for national concern and pride. "We are facing the Orient, and
that fact alone should be a sufficient incentive for the Government
to take such action as may be necessary Mn the premises. The wonderful
use of electricity in wireless telegraphy has made possible in the near fu
ture that which would *btherwise have been remote. I must applaud th©
enterprise and public spirit of The Call in malting a strong effort* to have
wireless telegraphy applied to the problem of communication for the bene
fit of our shipping, commercial and other material interests. The advan
tages that would come to us from having certain and quick means of hear
ing from our ships and the ships of other nations coming within sighting dis
tance'of the Farallones are too many to be easily enumerated. The estab
lishment of 'stations for the transmission of information between Nan
tucket lightship and the mainland indicates that unless we are equipped
with facilities we _ shall be distanced in very important particulars by the
enterprising Eastern people.
I feel at liberty to sign this as representing the membership of our asso
ciation, which was organized for the purpose of aiding in the advancement
of California in every possible way. At our front door rolls the broad Pa
cific Ocean, Inviting enterprise and promising us wealth, prosperity and fu
ture development in large measure. It only remains for us to make the most
of ¦ our natural advantages to become vastly prosperous.. And In our "ad
vance we shall prove to be of inestimable service to the whole- country.
Having these considerations in mind, it is with pleasure that I very heartily
indorse the proposition to have wireless telegraphy established ' between the
Farallones snd San Francisco, and hope that success may attend the very
laudable and public spirited efforts of The Call in this direction. .
A. SBARBORO, President Manufacturers and Producers' Association.
MANUFACTURERS AND
PRODUCERS IN FAVOR
out station on the lightship and Messrs.
K. J. Volters and Louis McKlssick at the
Cliff House.
From the time the Sherman left Yoko
hama The Call had shown each day her
si|>proximate position nt that noon, both
la the columns of the paper and on a
forty-seven feet high will be, attached to
one of the masts.
¦ "The system will be in operation on or
before July 1."
The steamship people of New York are
delighted at the enterprise of the Herald,
and the managers 'of most of the trans-
Atlantic lines have pledged their compa
nies to equip their vessels with Marconi's
useful . apparatus, and have trained men
for its service, so that t in passing Nan
tucket Shoal lightship messages of im
portance can be sent or received without
stop. " - . • •
And it may te that, inspired by their
example and the enterprise of The Call,
the wideawake and -progressive managers
of our steamship lines will do likewise,
or even better.
The possibilities of the use of* the Mar-
A u n f^ W l00ks at the map of the p aciflc Ocean must be struck
m with the fact that the Farallones , are so. placed - that they are
/m adapted to furnishing information concerning passing vessels if the
J_B ¦ proper means are provided. Then, if- there is easy communication
JL JL wlth , San Francisco, .'the Farallones are certain to be of great value I
to the commerce and agricultural interests of this coast. The ben
™,m h. °f. the 1 wlr 1 eles A s telegraph stations which The Call proposes
would be more than local. All the Pacific Coast would share in them and
the entire nation would have advantages which aro now withheld. Much of
our business in San Francisco Is. east bound, going from the OrtentTto the .
Atlantic seaboard, and so, the Eastern merchants are equally interested with I
us in this matter. It is hardly necessary to dwell on the fact that wireless !
telegraphy will greatly aid the Weather Bureau in making the forecast which
are of such vital concern to our farmers. ¦ •
twM 3 « d £! J° V 8 ' a t commerce shall- be expedited and that every safeguard t
that can be. devised, shall be placed, at the service of shipping to make- the
port of San Francisco desirable in every respect. The Board of -Trade of. San ¦
n^m^ C^r P ° S m Z Iarge / rms representative of our leading interests.
Our membership will be, found to be a unit in anything that can add to the
fZZZ?^ •i? P0 !l a^ qp pf Franclsco - " Thls consideration prompts me to
r^ tM, 6 t a i fv, y ° U adva , nce - f ? r it is valuable and in the line of prog
ress. This port is the center of our hope for. the future, commercially.speak
ing. The entire commercial community will applaud the stand of The Call in
this matter. , . • . ; • -V- -^ A. A. WATKINS,
- ¦.' . President San Francisco Board of Trade.
NATIONAL BENEFITS
WILL ALSO BE NOTED
A ¦ twS.?thJ £r?n t? -f LI Governmental aid In the establishing of a wireless telegraph service be
: m \hitit ?ho2£ S 1^ d^ and f, an I ™*^ "ay. giving the subject the time- it deserves.
f\ tnat "Bhould.be done Irr connection with some department of the Government. It hardly comes within "the
r\ Cn? t°hVn oo e Xr S i° n i, 1 H h °^^ ta rL SerVicfe as at present constituted. What particular -branch^f the Govern!
-*• ¦ ! r*h n^ Na^ ml * ht in contemplation of the exigencies of war. It wouTd
•Slate thTb^tt-of^chT-vit •¦¦ t^ Partmei ? t ' or "' Wlir -' ;:vThe De P a «ment,of State might remotely contem
deTjartment of the G^ernment 9 it «^ m i, after taking into consideration the peculiar Jurisdiction of teach
department, or the Government, .It seems that there ia one by reason of its manifold operations and extent of dutv and
power authorized to develop this particular branch of communication., I speak of the -Treasury^ Department I? is the
departmentjiaving control of the Life-saving Service, the Federal Quarantine Service, the Customs Service* wherein Is
mTnt^nSJ? 6 ,^ OrCement Of ' the laws a S al^t smuggling, in fact, all of thosergreat oWlgS &na "of a /greaT Govern
ment to protect and encourage ocean commerce are contemplated within the scope and authority of "the" ?reasu^ De"
partment as provided by. the laws of the United States. It will be found that = the iTreasur^ Department has Ktuted
erlT come'wKhlS th« SdioHon br > nChe3< sub01 1 inate «« authority, and the regulation^ ?hl? Mattel co^very prop^
£% J eJtf^ e .° ne . Of them -; IQ
"¦ i 1 r •."•'* ' ¦'., S ¦ [. . Representative First Congressional District. .:•
DEPARtMfeNTAL AID IS REQUIRED,
SO THINKS CONGRESSMAN COOMBS
f Naval Station for Porto Bico.
Large Surplus in Treasure
BUFFALO. June 12.-At to-day's se^fnr,
of the Supreme Lodge of the" fiden Or
der of United Workmen the report of «£
finance committee was read * Ittl \Z~ '5
re f C & P if, f °VS, e v year "ndSr May 1 nTm
pf $94,481 and disbursements of $T7 471 Th.
The sooner it comes to pas*s the hott » ««¦
will be for all concerned in fh e protection
of lives, cargoes and vessels. • uon
viTho Call max-be counted upon to do all
that intelligent energy, and faithful Wr
sistency can accomplish in attaining th£
the sea about twenty-five miles from Dun
kirk. The signal was that part of the il
luminating apparatus was out of order
and unless ' communication could be had
with land the lanterns could not be light
ed on the following night. The channel
steamer acknowledged the receipt of the
message, and upon touching port forward
ed the information to the station at La
Pan, on the Belgian coast. As. a result
machinery was sent in time to make the
repairs, and the lights burned as usual."
Another was in 1898. when Marconi was
conducting his initial .long distance ex
plorations between a station on i the
French coast, near Dunkirk, the Goodwin
Sands lightship off the mouth of the
Thames; and a lighthouse on a. beach of
the English coast opposite the lightship
An out bound vessel struck the Goodwin
lightship during a storm and passed on
leaving her in a sinking condition. The
men on board, realizing their danger, at
once sent a wireless message to the lleht
house on shore," thirteen miles away and
In a couple of hours they were taken off
to^heir 11 U g f a tUS whIch was seQ t
It is not straining ' the measure of the
probable to say that within a few year!
not. -only every lighthouse and llghtshln
on our coasts and every big passenger
steamer, but small steamers and sailing
vessels of any value, will be equlppedwith
wireless telegraphic, apparatus^ and be
- What Our Flag Stands Pot.
wnerever the American :ria» - u ' rals«M «„
token.of sovereignty. lt,stand.*fd?uSS?iS
Independence. What the ¦ fla* Is to th«' « ?.
anTm^cV=d S » ¦*?$£ %™
CONGRESSMAN WOODS ADVOCATES
UNITED ACTION AT WASHINGTON
I AM in-fav6rof thewireless telegraph service to the Farallones. I am in favor of all other high-grade "iervlce'a that
Cafiforn^^^
• •; ¦¦-.;:.- >'-.." * .":. '. ' ,. .". Representative 'Second Congressional. District."
In the olden flays a signal man on Tele
graph Hill , threw the city below into a
state of excitement by notice of the ap
proach of a vessel from Panama through
the Narrows at Fort Point. Later the
lookout went . further. . to Sutro .' Heights,
andtfrom there reports vessels, coming
across the bar.. ; ,- • . 6 .
•The plan of The Call. is to go further
yet. and to set the lookout. with his wiri
on the South Farallone, where, besid.e
commanding a view of all', vessels' .ap
proaching the entrance, he will be able to
speak and report the steamers from Ha,.
wall and the Orient long before the loo£
Having demonstrated the practicability
of the enterprise. The Call now proposes
to call the attention of the general gov
ernment to its desirability and importance
to shipping and other Interests in and
about this city and to urge the'establish
ment of a permanent "wireless telegraph"
station off th« Golden Gate, • - ' "
Operations Hoped . to Be in Im
mediate Future.
PBESE2ST OCCASIOIT HOW
; OYFERS THSTE CHANCES
Plans Are Detailed Concerning 1 tha
belching funnel of a steamer. TVith her
comes a heavy haze that hides a distinct
view. YViih hand on his transmitter hej
waits her nearer approach. She looks lik<5
the expected one. but he must be sure.
At last he knows that she is the one.'
and speeds his message. . ;'•
The Cliff House watchers are. as they
had been for two days and nights, on
the aJert- -
Their receiving Instrument begins to
click.
The vibrations 6et up by the signaler,
along the pendant wire on 'the lightship
traverse in potent but invisible waves in
the ethereal medium between and actuate
their wire to corresponding impulses
which their Morse relay Interprets for
them.
"The Sherman is in sight" is the word
driven over the.sea.
The quickly Called telephone finds a
ready ear at the other end, ¦ and in less
than thirty seconds the signal' gun from
above the anxious waiting throng in the
streets below tells to them and the whole
city besides, "The Sherman is in sight."
; The tension Is relieved. ' *
This work of The Call, the heralding of
the home-coming of our boys, was beyond
any question the most thorough and suc
cessful application of wireless telegraphy
that had ever been made on this side of
the Atlantic • and in many respects tho
most successful practical applicatiqn that
had ever been made beyond the Immediate
supervision of Marconi himself. The
United States government as well as oth
ers had been experimenting with a view
of utilizing the discovery for naval pur
pose's, but their work was still at the try
ing period. ' . ¦ : ¦
The Call used wireless telegraphy to per
form a given work under any. conditions
that might intervene, whenever the time
came. - - , ¦ - -
The result "was a most gratifying suc
cess. . . , , ?¦ ;. , ¦ - .
TftEys^^FB^yffi 13;' 1 90 1 .
! ST. PETERSBURG, .June 12.— A small
notice published In the papers here chron
icles ¦ the result of one of the greatest
pieces of commercial folly on the part of
the. United States which.it is possible to
imagine. That notice tells of an order
of the Minister of Finance raising the tax
on several articles of -American produc
tion, including bicycles, for example, from
20 to 30 per cent, which means .virtually
that they are excluded.
Eighteen millions of dollars' worth of
American trade per annum is for the same
reason brought to an end.
And this is all done upon a pure tech
nicality — upon which most people here be
lieve to be a misunderstanding. r It is all
over the matter of Russian sugar and it
is what is known in trade as "bounty
fed."
Mr. Holloway, United States Consul
here, took upon himself the responsibility
of reporting to the Treasury Department
that Russian exported sugar was indirect
ly "bounty fed." His decision is generally
controverted. In the mean time harm has
been done.
To put the matter simply so that all can
understand it, the case- is this: Russia
guarantees to take from* her sugar pro
ducers so much sugar at a. certain sum,
upon which she places an internal tax.
At the same time she taxes all the sugar
produced. When the manufacturers have
a surplus for exportation that internal tax
is refunded to them. "SK
How such a condition can possibly be
tortured into a bounty is what the people
here cannot understand, bounty being a
sum Daid to stimulate production. A
bounty is paid by Germany to some manu
facturers. For so much exported so much
cash is given per ton to the exporters.
Here the internal revenue tax is merely,
remitted. . .
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1901, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
American Government's Act
Based Upon Alleged
Misunderstanding.
Mistaken Belief Respon
sible for Disastrous
Reprisals.
RUSSIAN SUGAR
NOT BOUNTY FED
line was established on board light
ship 70. anchored some nine miles out
from the entrance to the Golden Gate.
Her dynamo supplied the necessary elec
tric motive and her mast? offered, a suit
able altitude for the pendant wire. The
land station was fixed at the Cliff House.
From a mast en the top of the building,
on the seaward side, a long wire hung
v.ith a free end, down eighty-odd feet to
near the water. From its fixed end above
connection was had with powerful but
delicate instruments in a room below.
Special telephone connection with the of
jice of The Call in the Spreckels building
and thence up to the dome, where the
signal gun stood, charged and ready,
completed the arrangement. ¦
O. M. Fisher was in charge of the look-
The whole city was in a. state of ten
sion and suppressed excitement. As hour
after hour wore slowly- away.. and "noth
ing yeU" fears of some dire happening
to the ship and her precious freight began
to creep into timid hearts. The bright
day that promised so much of joy was
about to end in darkness and delay that
portended ill. People that met each 'other
in the morning with smiling congratula
tions and happy expectancy in their faces
wore looks of restless, anxious suspense.
The strain was great, and each moment
growing.
Out pn the lightship shortly after 5
o'clock} in the afternoon the lookout
descries in ttte distance the masts and
large chart in the window of the busi
ness office. At noon on August 22 she
was estimated , to be but a few hours*
run from her goal.
Continued from Page Thxee.
CALL LEADS IN THE EFFORT TO SECURE THE SERVICE,
WASHINGTON, June 12.— Former Senator
Chandler of New Hampshire, chairman of
the Spanish Claims Commission, has de
cided a controversy as to the authorship
of the words "which we pledge ourselves
10 promote" in the bimetallic plank in the
Republican platform of 1S96, and has
awarded a $100 prize to Senator Lodgre of
Massachusetts. . ....
These words gave to that plank all its
force and cave such Republican advo
cates of bimetallism as Messrs. Chandler
and Wolcott ground for remaining In the
party. When the controversy as to the
authorship of these words was raging,
JTr. Chandler offered a reward of $100 to
the person who established his author
fhip. Mr. Chandler did not consider evi
dence in support of any claim conclusive
until Senator Foraker, chairman of the
I-Iatlorm committee in 18a6, recently found
the original draft, with the words inter
lined. They were unmistakably in the
handwriting of Senator Lodge.
Mr. Chandler sent to the Massachusetts
-Senator his check for $100 yesterday, ac
companied by a letter, in which he says
a'.l wise men know that Messrs. McKinley
and Hobart would not have been elected
if the platform had not contained these
wcrds, and if they had not been elected
in 1!#6 Mr. McKinley would not have been
c lpcled in 1900.
Mr. Chandler expresses the hope that
when all the facts are known, not only
Republicans, but those Democrats who
trembled at the very prospect of the elec
t5on of Mr. Bryan, will adequately recog
nize the "sagacity and courage which led
you not merely to conceii-e, but to actu
ally insert into the platform of 1896 con
cerning bimetallism the words 'which we
pledge ourselves to promote.' " Then he
adds this sarcastic sentence:
4
I Ming
Is indispensable to athletic
•} success. In training, much
¦ stress is laid upon diet; care-
ij ful attention to the quantity '
I and quality of the food. eat-
en, with regularity of meals.'
That is the secret of strength for every
man. No man can be stronger than his
stomach. The careless and - irregular
eating, of business men, causes disease
of the stomach and its allied organs of
digestion and nutrition. There can be
no sound health until these diseases are
cured.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion aid nutrition, and
enables the body to be built up into vig-
orous health by the assimilation of the
nutrition extracted from food. -
« I was taken with the grippe, which resulted
in heart and stomach trouble." writes Mr T.R.
CaudiU, of Montland, Alleghany Co., N. C. "I
was uaable to do anything: a good part of the
time. I wrote to Dr. Pierce about my condition,
having: full confidence in his medicine. He ad-
vised me to take his 'Golden Medical Discovery,'
which I did. Before I had finished the second-
bottle I began to feel better. I have used nearly
rix bottles. I feel thankful to God for the bene-
fit I have received from Dr. Pierce's Golden Med- .
ical Discovery. I can highly recommend it to
all persons a,s a good and *afe medicine."
Dr. Pierce's Pellets cure constipation.
Efc9fli ¦¦¦¦ B^i tf Wf
SIOK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
i in the Mouth, Coated Tongue. Pain in
j the Side, TORPID LIVER. Tttey
Regulate the. Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
MAKING A HIT
With our laundry economy Is -what -we ar*>
doing with every one that puts us to the test.
Let us demonstrate to you what we mean by
laundry economy— send your next bundle of
linen to us and we'll return It to you cleanaerj
and spotless. Tour shirts, collars and ctftts
will last twice as long If laundered hwe. The
care we take of them will make your hill for
new linen a small Item. Try it. Send us a
card, or phone, and our wagon will call
promptly. . . -
We smooth saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
' Office 1OO4 Market Strast
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Av».
vr< Strictly ReliaWe.
jf^J Dr.Talcott
Jb4g23K Diseases and
Weakness of
fW>MENONLY
By far the greater number of patients seek-
ing relief for so-called weakness aro stron?
robust men In every other respect. Our theory
that Impotency. Prematureness, etc. ars not
weaknesses but the symptoms of inflammatory
processes In the Prostate Gland (so called neck
of bladder) caused by contracted disorders and
early dissipation. Is cow being adopted by th«
leading specialists of the world, and that bus-
bear, "-Weakness of Men." la remored from th»
list of Incurable disorders. Even th* layman
can understand that tonics cannot curs lnflam- <
mation. and these cases, under their adminis-
tration, so from bad to worse. Under our
local plan ot treatment, directed toward re-
ducing- the enlarged and swollen Prostate, Im-
mediate results, as indicated by Increased cir-
culation and renewed strength, are observed.
Our colored chart of the organs, which we
send free on application, is interesttnc to any
one wishing to study the anatomy of tho male.
997 MARKET STREE T, Cor. Sixth.
London Smoke
Protection Glasses
- FROM 50C PERPA1R
5 pH0T0GPAP 5^NT. R rK U3 *
642 Market ot. instruments,
, uAdeh CMROMictt Bun.oiM&. CATALOGUE FREE.
Cured While .
Nfcp^vd- You Sleep
«Jn$u%Mp In Fifteen Days
i "Gran-8olTent" dlssolres Stricture lite snow t*i»
peath the tun. reduces Knlarged Prostate aa«
strengthens toe. Seminal Dncts, stopping Drains in
Emission* In Fifteen Days.
No drugs to roln the stomach, but • direct loeat
- and posltlre application to the entire nrethral track
I Gran-Solvent is not a liquid. It Is prepared la
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and flcxlW*
. aad so narrow as to pass the closest Stricture.
;¦ Every Man Should Know Himself.
n»W Janes Assn.. Box 834. Cincinnati. O, bat
stvpared at great expense an exhaust- 1» •% m m t
rre Illustrated Treatise upon the mala LULL I
trnem, which th*r will sand to any P IJ I 8 I
•ale applicant, . • ¦••¦¦¦I
ST. JAMFS ASSV 2S0 ELfl(| ST »»
JI« 4&J1L3 A33fl., Cincinnati, Ohio.
ff *ti \i %.%_ ~»X ""*¦"%. "%- '%- "**- "%- >
i visit DR. JORDAN'S gbsat
# MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
\ cd* The Largest Anatomical Maseum in the
•#* apQtb^. Wo "d- •Weakne*ses or any contracted
L ?Q££n *jease *o»l«lwl T «,«* hy the o i dest
# JgSl Specialist on the Coast Est 36 jeats.
4 J*f£i DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
V vCSwa Consultation free aad.itrktly private.
W 1 UVfl Treatment personally or by letter. A
\iySl -*^»««<»« Cur«ine»e»yewe«oder»ken.
iff I] fit Write for Book. PBILODUPBY at
V ¦ I IV MARRIAGE. MAILED FREE. IX
X u tr valuable book for mra)
" BB.JORDAH A CO., 1051 Market St., 8. F.
DflJEYEHS&CS 1 JtiMfefe
¦ Specialists. Dts- M&& • */, T£
ease and "Weakness !i^B^ S\ '• |f
of men. Estab* J^tS f tf"f
lished 1SXL Consul- T(>^ m*lp >©[
tatlon and privata \^i *^^ I I
book free, at office \J5%-, >£jj»j
or by mall. Cures (w-^^^iiV
guaranteed. 731 l&SiXS^m
Market street (ele- i^SSwRp.;*
vator entrances - V / T<jHfe^L'
San Francisco. *^^r^
baja California"
Damiana?Bjtters
; i "tot. a^ E^e T^ne: STO^Hy5..^VIGORA.
, ¦ The Mexican Remedy for. Diseases ot the Kid-
nejs an? BUdder Sells on. its own merits.
SS-Market «.; S. F.-<Senfl.for;Clrgular;.)
JB. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
TTRi^iTP U A °i ? gonorrhea; quiets.
O T r?iK? E Gen?ra"n 1OBOUS o™***** « "»
.1 Price, nt^bottre. : For sale by *»«*•.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Diplomacy is the art of getting what
you want by pretending you don't want it.
. *» ¦ ? "
Dr. Benjamin F. de Costa delivered his
second lecture of the Catholic Truth So
ciety lecture course last evening before a
large and Interested audience In -Metro
politan Temple, the subject being- "The
VaHcan Archives and the. Papal Bulls Re
lating to Pre-Columbian America." ' . ,
Frank J. Kierce", vice president of the
Catholic Truth Society, introduced the
speaker of the evening.
Dr. de Costa in the course of his lec
ture affirmed that it was an incontrovert
ible fact .that European civilization was
represented in the Western world in pre-
Columbian" times; that this civilization
was the exclusive product of the Catholic
church, which, und^er • a succession ; of
bishops, was maintained for many genera
tions in Greenland, where there was a
cathedral, \ the ruins of which remain to
day, besides sixteen parish churches. »
A similar statement was made respect
ing the representation of the Catholio
church on the mainland of America by
both the Irish and Scandinavians and the
speaker declared that New England was
reached by Bishop Eric and other Catholic
missionaries. - ,
The speaker said also that it was highly
probable that the system of collecting
tithes in Greenland for the Crusades was
employed in New England. He argued
further that the supremacy of the Pope
was reedgnized in America in pre-Colum
bian times, as It Is to-day.
Greenland was discovered In 983 by Eric
the Red, who had been banished from Ice
land for manslaughter, the 'speaker said.
Eric returned to -Iceland, announced his
discovery and brought back with him to
the new - country several priests. The
country was rapidly settled and several
excursions were made from Greenland to
the coast of New England. The first pil
grimage from America was made by' an
Icelandic nun, who went from New Eng
land to Rome. . .
"All the records of the Holy See prior
to the year 1206 A. D. have disappeared,"
said the speaker. "The archives of the
Vatican are absolutely free for the in
spection of the public. The Vatican is no
conspiracy against history; it has nothing
to conceal. There is nothing in the secret
archives of which the Catholic church
need be afraid or ashamed. They are be
ing consulted daily by students and phil
osophers. If the archives of Rome had
remained intact they, would have shown
that communication with America had
been kept up through Greenland and Ice
land."
Speaking of the discovery of Iceland and
Greenland, Dr. de Costa said that it was
being proved by recent researches that
the Irish discovered Iceland and Green
land before the Norsemen did.
¦, "There is hardly a nook or a corner in
the United States that is not now being
visited • by some Irish priest,"- said the
speaker.
Second Lecture by * Dr. de
Costa Before the, Truth
. 7 Society.
Catholic Church Planted
t Her Standard in ;
Greenland. f
AMERICA BEFORE
COLUMBUS CAME
OFFICERS OF THE GRAND GROVE OF THE ANCIENT ORDER OF
DRUIDS OF CALIFORNIA, WHICH WILL. MEET IN GENERAL. SES
SION IX THIS CITY NEXT WEEK. .
*The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask I*
M. Fletcher. 212 California street. •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited"
Olive, No 116— A. L. Erwln, G. C. Luce, J.
Mossl. Stockton. No. 118— Charles de Legh, G.
W. Shuster. Olympia, No. 119— A. M. Arm
strong, W. H. Bowe, J. M. Y Bowers,' F. Man
ser Sempione, No. 121— A. Ferrari, B. Fenaci.
Orange, No. 122— Thomas Thompson. Center
ville. No. 123— A. S. Amaral, J. W. Stevensen.
Lisbon, No. 125— A. S. Duante. M. L. Sousa.
Newman, No 127— Jules Cain, C J. Fllllpplni.
Monte verde. No. 128— G. Del Carlo, G. Fontana,
Dr. E. N. Torello,' L. Valsanglacomo. Hol-
Uster. No. 129— G. Ollvera, GUroy, No. 130-J.
Bordenave. • - ¦ • . >
Prete, A. Rosala. i Alplnl, No. 108— D. Cere
ghlno, B. Bafllgo, J. A. Devoto, L. Flgone, G.
B. Linari, G. Pattarga, O. Glovanninl. Verdi
Gulseppe, No. 109— N. Angell, G. Gagliardo, A.
Lencionl, M. Pozzi. C. TacopuccI, P. TrlgUa.
Sacramento, No. 112— B. ' Cristoni, A. Gagnacci,
V. Marlani, R. Motroni, B. Pellegrini. Novato,
No. 113— E. R. Samuels, F. W. fiweetser. Fra
ternity, No. 115— G. E. Caldwell. A. Grants.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to August Sutkamp from Theresa
Sutkamp fox desertion and Joseph D.
Ix>ughrey from Theresa M. Loughrey for
detiprtion. Suits for divorce have been
filed by I>aura McDowell against Fred
erick W McDowell for cruelty. Annie
Brtdgers against Robert E. Bridgers for
desertion and Dora E. Alexander against
Frank Alexander for failure to provide.
In the Divorce Court.
Natural wood moldings made in all the
finishes. Flemish grays, greens, browns
and blacks and the dull polish. Birch,
cherry, rosewood. English and natural
oaks in all the shapes and widths manu
factured. These offer an opportunity for
furnishing your walls with pretty and
FtvHshly framed pictures at a trifling cost.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Natural Wood Moldings.
Volta No. . S8— G. Bladlssone, A. Costa. A.
Orlandi. James Raggi. Mr. Saneuinetti, J. L.
Valentl. | Livermore No. 89 — Theo Gorner, Fred
Columbus No. 74— M. Graziani, A. Tomasco,
A. Vatnone. Sonoma No. 75 — F. / Canavarl,
Mr. Castaflsnasso. Garden No. 78 — G. A.
Oberg, N. E. Wretman. William Tell No. 77—
Joseph Acquistapace, Vizzlo Agostlno, John
Banchero. D. 'Ravone. Mazzlnl Grove No. 78—
D. Antosnelll, Z. Grosso, A. Sautelll. Lob
Angeles No. 80 — Herman Gieschen, Adolph
Mesback. Luis do Camoens No. 81— M. F.
Mello, S. S. Medina. Pleasanton No. 82-N.
Hansen, S. A. Mitchell. M. Pine. J. P. Rosa.
Tomales No. S3— J. B. Cauzza, M. L. Murphy,
V. Zumlnl. Dante No. 84— R. Cossinl, R. . Man
dorinl, L. I Granucei. Acorian No; > 86— S. J.
Gularie. M. S. Nevis, C. Peterson. Mission No.
87— F. Chiesa, F. Rust.
Vasco da Gama No. 43 — J. C. Fernandez, J. L. i
Gomez, A. J. Muniz, F. M. Ramos. Santa
Rosa No. 47—0. H. Hoag, S. Williams. Cy
press No. 51— E. P. Hanson, J. E. Jacobsen, V.
Riedl. G. N. Smith. Morvin No. 62— G. H.
Buck, G. W. Lovle. i Mount Tamalpals No.
58— T. P. Boyd, W. J. Boyd, W. F. Dougherty.
Morton No. 62— C. . Follandy, J. Talx, . C. Vin
cent. Hay wards No. 64— H. G. Alberts. C. B.
Harmon. J. E. Welsh. Guernevllle No. 69—
O C. Hanson, G. W. Heason. Solano No. 72
— W. E. Hammond. Otho Miller.
Allow me to inform you that should you
have your .proposals for hay made to the
farmer about the middle of June you will save
thousands of dollars yearly, as the farmer can
p*1I the hay at from $3 to 15 per ton cheaper
than the Hay Association of thirteen firms
asks you for the same hay. Deal direct with
the producer, as a grreat many of them are
taspajers of your city and county.
A letter was received yesterday by the
Board of Supervisors from E. M. Plercy
of San Jose, in which he advises as fol
lows regarding the excessive bids filed for
hay to be supplied to the city:
Lower Bates on Hay.
The City Attorney advises me that he will
appeal the case affecting the right of the Re
corder to appoint copyists outside of the civil
fervice. Therefore I request you not to pay
t!i«» demand in question or any other demands
Tor salaries of Recorders' copyists who have
not be-^n certified by the Civil Service Commls
rlon Pending a decision by the Supreme
Court all doubts should be resolved by admin
istrative officers in favor of the civil service
provisions of the charter.
JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor.
Mayor Phelan sent the following self
explanatory letter to Treasurer Brooks
yesterday:
Wants Copyists' Pay Withheld.
California No. 1— Charles Jordan, TV. S. Pit
ner. Charles Schaefer. San Francisco No. 3—
Charles Lester, John Schmidt. Eureka No. 4—
It. M. Fabry.' T. Hock. Norma No. 5— J. W.
Goetze, C. C. O'Donnell. Walhalla No. 6—
James Chrorini, J. Lewis, Henry Meyer, Wil
liam . Perry, S. Posga. Slgel No. 7— Theo
DierVs, A. Ewald, P. Wobber. r • San Joaquin
No. 9 — Joe Adam. H. O. Hess. Perseverance
No. 10— A. P. Allemann. J. Bordenave, P. G.
Horel. J. L. Ccntat, V. Dastrevig-ne, A. Cavil
let, M. Joubert. A. Martin, J. Michel. Hes
perian No. 15 — H. F. Beguhl, John Gosch. John
Hut ton. H. Menke, J. J. Molllson. Laurel No.
17— Henry A. Chase. James Hagan, S. Kuclch,
L. J. Peri. 1m. A. Wolf.
Templar No. 19— A. LI Anderson, A. Ander
son, N. W. Chrlsteneen. A. Nelson, G. Peter
son. Madrona No. 21 — James Fllipplnl,- A.
Thompson. M. Varozza. Oakland '¦ No. 24 —
Charles Achaard. G. Adamtna. D. Mehrmann.
Duxbury No. 2&— A. S. McCurdy. N. C. Odin,
F. G. Waterhouse. Modesto . No. 34— M. B.
Carter. Ji Christ. G. II. -Graves, John Kane.
T. A. Plllman. • El Dorado.- No. 35— J. B. Va
rozza, 'J. de Bernardl. Merced No.- 36— C.
Sehrt, M. M. Vincent, L. Wegner. Galileo No.
37— A. Arnabaldi, • F. CaponelH. F. Cavagnaro,
G. B. Cordano, F. A. Canepa. G. Ferrari, J.
Icardo, E. C. Luchespa. J.. K. Martinonl. C"
A. Maglstra. P. G. Mollnari, A. Olmo. J. F.
RoFBi. Petaluma No. 38— M. L. Fedderson, J.
H. L. Gerckens, C. A. Jacobsen, Charles King.
Olema No. 39— L Bonettl, G. L. Codoni, 8.
*8t. Helena No. 41— G. G. Daerwltz," M. R.,
Gamer, J. G. Johnson. Henry Lange, Charles
MartinellL Nlcaslo No. . 42-reter Cadloni.
Henry Lange, noble grand arch: J. S. Go
deau, deputy grand arch; J. M. Graves, grand
secretary; F. J. Horn, grand treasurer; J. . F.
Martinonl. past noble grand arch; C. Gug
lielmoni. srand marshal: George Beck, grand
guardian; Marco Zarick, grand sentinel; H. J.
Goller, J. F. Martinonl, E. H. Goetze, . Frank
Lewis . and ! H. B. Mehrmann, representatives
to the Supreme Grove of the United Htates;
Jacob ' Nickels, O. II. Hoar and Henry A.
Chase, : trustees.
The representatives to the Grand Grove
are: ;
Jules S. Godeau, at present deputy
grand arch, will be advanced to the «f-
of noble grand arch. . For the office
of dtputy grand arch there will be as
candidates C. Guglielmoni of Monte Verde
Grove, George Beck of Livermore Grove
and C. C. O'Donnell of Norma Grove. For
grand secretary John , M. Graves of Mo
desto Grove, the incumbent, will be a
candidate for re-election and he probably
will be chosen by acclamation, as no one
will be placed in nomination against* him.
F. J. Horn of Hesperian Grove, the in
cumbent, will, it is thought, be re-elected
! grand treasurer. Charles de« .Legh of
i Stockton Grove, Albert M. Armstrong of
Olympia Grove, E. H. Goetze of Norma
Grove . and George Beck of Livermore
Grove, In case he should be defeated for
deputy grand arch, will contend for the
office of grand marshal. The officers of
the Grand Grove are:
It is thought that there will be but lit
tle legislation during the session, as it is
believed that the laws as they now stand
will serve the order for another year.v '
Several interior cities will make an ef
fort to secure the next session of the
'grand body. The most prominent candi
dates are Stockton. Santa Rosa and Sa
linas. San Francisco will also be placed
in nomination. . ,
On Tuesday evening there will be a spe
cial session of Hartnagle Chapter, the
highest degree of Druidism, for the pur
pose of receiving into it a class of eli
gibles; on Wednesday afternoon there
will be a. meeting of the Past Arches' As
sociation to admit a number of the repre
sentatives to the Grand" Grove, and on
that evening there will be a reception in
Odd Fellows' Hall to the grand officers
and the representatives to the Grand
Grove and the Grand Circle. A ball will
follow the reception.
Grand Grove of California,
I United Ancient Order of Druids,
I will meet in annual session in the
LL Druidic Temple on Sutter street
next Tuesday. This jurisdiction
has now eighty-six groves as against sev
enty-nine at the opening of the previous
session. Eight new groves were instituted
during the year and one surrendered Its
charter. ; The membership at this time is
nearly 6000. During the term of the pres
ent noble grand arch, Henry Lange,
there were 1200 initiations and the rein
statement of 200 suspended members,
which Is equal to 1400 new members. Aa
an offset there was the loss of one grove"
with 70 members and the suspension of 460
members on account of neglect to pay
dues, leaving a net gain of 870.
aTS Ine^ e Consul General Ho Tow has
dec ared diplomatic war against Customs
< ollector Stratton because of a difference
«f opinion between them respecting the
•J-t ° ShIh Ch ' n> the reform leader.
The Collector has expressed the opinion
for publication that, under the terms of
the exclusion laws, he is not bound to
notice the fact that Su is or Is not a re
former or a revolutionist, so longr as he
holds thr certificate required by law for
h!s admissicn as .-» member of a non-ex
i-Iutfed oJufe.
Ho Yow thinks differently. He has ex
cused the Collector of discriminating, and
lias filed a formal complaint with the Sec
retary of the Treasury against the Col
lector.
fact is," said Ho Yow yesterday,
"that the section 6 certificate presented
by Su Shih Chin was obtained by fraud
from the Chinese Government, and sec
ondly, it is irregular on its face. Real
merchants have been denied a landing
here because their papers have been Ir
regular in form, and they will have a
right to kick if the Collector passes over
the matter of the irregularity in the form
of Su's certificate."
The following protest was telegraphed
last Tuesday evening by Ho Yow to the
Secretary of the Treasury:
IMPERIAL. CHINESE CONSULATE.
SAX FRANCISCO, June 11. 1901.
Hon. Secretary of Treasury, Washington, D.
C: Tour telegram received. Collector decided
or recommended case of Su Shih Chin with
out calling or hearing our evidence, although
I hed filed charges with him & few days pre
vious, but will do eo now. We allege his sec
tion 6 papers are obtained by fraud, besides
being irregular in form. Chinese Minister at
Washington could be communicated with for
further evidence, as he could ascertain the
genuineness of the papers from our Govern
ment or the Customs Taotal at Shanghai, who
issued these papers to Su Shih Chin. I respect
fully submit that you request the Collector
to forward the criminal certificates in dispute
with all others. Please defer decision until
facts or evidence arrive from China. Respect
fully. HO YOW.
Imperial Chinese Consul General.
Yesterday morning- the following note
was handed to the Collector by the Chi
nese Consul General:
IMPERIAL, CHINESE CONSULATE.
SAX FRANCISCO. June 12. 1901,
Hon. F. S. Stratton. Collector of Customs —
Dear Sir: Your favor of yesterday's date vas
duly received about 4 p. m.. notifying me of
your desire to accord me a hearing in the case
of Su Shih Chin. In it you also stated your
impression that I only withdrew our guaranty
••as to the ofScial character of Su Shih Chin,"
and merely desired his case to follow the or
oir.ary procedure where applicants present
themselves for landing."
It ie true to a certain extent that I inti
mated this, but even if it were so my letter
to you about this man sets down many charges,
besides stating he is not a bona fide official.
In examining into his case as ordinary ap
plicants for landing I had hoped in fairness
to all concerned that you would look for evi
dence material to this case and in the quarter
in which you are aware you could obtain and
hear both or all sides of the case before you
report or recommend the case to the Treasury
Department. Many real Chinese merchants
coming under the same section 6 papers have
been denied a landing for slighter causes be
fore. But as you have an independent au
thority and power to regulate and decide all
ordinary Chinese cases it would be discourteous
for me or any outsider to comment or inter
fere with your procedure, but since you have
mentioned the matter in your kind favor of
. yesterday I respectfully take the liberty of
Ttuchtnc tipen it. .- —
Too are kind enough in the same note to
. accord me the privilege of fixing the day and
hour for a hearing, to which I beg the liberty
of naming Thursday at 2:30 p. m., which I
tiape will be agreeable to you. Respectfully,
HO YOW.
Imperial Chinese Consul General.
In response to the diplomatic note the
Collector fixed to-day at 2:30 p. m. as the
time for the examination of Su's papers.
"If his papers are regular," said the j
Collector yesterday, "I can see no reason
¦why he should not be allowed to land. I
cannot go into' the question as to whether
he is a reformer or not. I shall then
transmit the evidence to Washington, as
the Secretary of the Treasury has ex
pressed a desire to pass upon this case
himself." ' -
Ho Yow insists that Su is an outlaw
and should not be admitted on any papers
purporting to have been issued or in
dorsed by the Chinese Government.
Chin Matter.
ington in the Su Shin
Protest to Wash-
HO YOW FILES
HIS COMPLAINT
Accuses Collector of the
Port of Discrimina
tion.
- • . ¦ ••¦..., • ¦ .• .. -- .-••,¦• ¦¦¦,.. ¦..-.¦ • ¦ -- i • • -n- ¦ .
TBLEv SAN FKANqSCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 18, 1901.'
Grand Grove of Galifornia Will Assemble ;tQ ; Review the
Work of the Past Year and Elect Officers for the
Ensuing Term — Many Candidates for Places of Honor
DRUIDS WILL MEET IN THIS CITY
IN ANNUAL SESSION NEXT TUESDAY
Mally. Cayucoa No. ¦ 90— L. Pedrf ta. A. Scia
roni. Amerlcus No. 93 — B. Laloli. Frederick
Sieff No. 34 — F. Ciucci. J. B. Morelli.
Roma No. 93 — S. Benedetti, C. Cllvo,
G, Cordano,' G. Gamberoni,. M. E. Ga
vello, A. Pezzolo, P. : Pezzolo. .G. Pez
zolo, D. Eamino. : Magnolia No. 97 — F.'
Charbonnler, . J. - 15. Franklin, W. H. Jones.
Mr. Romano. Concordia No. -98— G. Alegretti.
J. Gallo. , A. Rossi. Guadalupe No. 100— F.
Aglstlpaca, ¦ W. Rosenblum. Salinas No. 101—
C. P. Belta, G. P. Codoni. R. E. Haley.
Thomas Kennison. F. W. Schroder.
Ottavio, No. 103— A. Bonasia, S. Gorl. Golden
Star, No. 104— D. Antonovich, Wm. Antonovich,
A.. Francovich, A. Klsullch. P. C. Miloglav,
P. J. Moliterno, Frank Rbux. Mendoclno, No.
105 — B.. Balassi, S. Celerl, A. Gialdlnl T>.
Graziani. Aurora, No. 107— M. Bianchl, S. Del
5
BAIT-WAY TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
What a luxury Pears'^,
soap is!
i It is the cheapest and
' best toilet soap in all the
world.
All sorts of people use It, all sorts of stores
sell it, especially druggists.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used by people of refinement
for over a Qtiarter of a century.
DR. BALL'S REINVIiORATORBaH
Five hundred reward for any yJT||l
case we cannot cure. This secret. W*
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours, m H
cures Emissions, Impotency, Varl- I ¦¦¦
cocele. Gonorrhea, Gleet, Fits, fyTI Punl
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all . UMl vZjU
wasting effects of self-abuse or HJB
excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bbsbbbbbbsbbbbW
bottles, $5, guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, K»
Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073V4
Market St.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
BAILWAT TRAVEL,
CMiFORHU H0RTHWE5TERH H. CO.
• LESSEE;
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
• ' San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:10. 1:00. U:00 a. m.: U:35.
1:30, 6:10, 1:10 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:80 p. tn. « ¦ -/._..
8UNDAT8— 8:00. t:30, U:00 a, m.; 1:19, IM,
6:00, i:20 p. m. . . ' "
' San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:60. 8:20, 11:10 a. m.; U:«.
- 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:15 s. m. • ¦
SUNDAYS-8:l6. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:05. 6:86 p. m. ¦ . !_____
%• Leave I In Effect I Arrive^ . •
San Francisco, f April 88. 18011 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I - I fun- I Week
Days. I days. I Destination. I days. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. • 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:15 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:SS pm 6:lQpm
. .- - v ¦ ¦;,¦: :• , Fulton. .•' .. •¦ -j-'.-'- "-'¦
¦ 7*80 am Windsor. . ' M:X5 aa
¦ : 6:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton. .
,' : : Geyservllle. ' --' ¦
1:10 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. •• 7:85 pm 6:W pm
7-30 ami 6:00 pml £ Hopland 1 110:40 am|10:2S am
i;30 pml 8:00 am| and Ukiah. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:80 ami • - ¦ 10:40 am 10:25 am
... 8:00' am Guernevllle. 7:35pm - 1
S:80 pm 5:00 pm : » 6:20 pm
7-30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 19:15 am 8:40 am
........ .... .¦-...» .••¦'¦ and '¦" I - ¦-. '¦¦• ¦•—-¦
;S:10pm| 5:00 pm Qlen Ellen, f 6:05 pm 8:20 pm
7:10 ami 8:00 ami ' J10:40 am|10:25 am
8:80 pml 5:00 pml Sebastopol. I 7:35 pml 6:20 pm
' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur- Pplnrgs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton . Springs: \t
GeyservUle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverda!*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs, Highland Springs. - Kelseyvllle, Carls-
. bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Spring!; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, , Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter.
Springs,- Upper Lake.. Porno. Potter Valley/
John Day" s. Riverside, Llerley* s, } ¦ Bucknells. ,
Panhedrln . Heigrhts, Hullvllle. Orr'a _Hof
Springs. Mendoclno . City, Fort 1 Bragg. West- .
port. Usal. Willlts. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
Saturday to Monday, round trip tickets at r«-
• 'Sn • Sunday round trip tickets to all polnti
beyond San Rafael. at half rates, v . -• J .
Ticket Office. 650 Market . street. - Chronicle j .
.... ,: - Bulldln*. ;...•..-
fU C WHITINO. . ; - B.X RTAS, •
Gen. Manager. • Gen. Pass. Agt
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* le«»*r nml arm iIiik »» nrrlf* i»»
MAN rilA N«:iN«:«».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
lbatc — From Junk 9. 1901. — ariuvi
; , __
7:00* Benlda, SuUun. Elmira, V»ca»il!e. '
Ramsey and baortuiento 6.25r <
• :3)>a Mwrtinoz.SauUitinon.VaileJo.Nspm,
CalUtoga aud ttauta Uosa t»;25r -
S:«o a DaTis, Woodland, Knl£QU Landing,
MarjsTUte, <rto»m<^ 7:S:»p
8i00* Atlantic Kxpress— Oplen and Kask 12:23p
M«m»a Nllea, L«thxjp. Stockton «<24r
SsOO.iNilee. Mendotk, Hanford. Viailia.
Poxterrilla '4:50*
8>3<*a Shtsta Eiprets— Daris, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows, Bod
Bluff, Portland. 7:53r
IiWa San Jose. LAterraore, Htucktoii.
lone, Hacramentn, PlaceniUe,
MtrysiillK. C'liic.i, lte»1 IKIiilT 4iZ3r
SiSoa Oakdale. Chinese (YosemiM). tio-
nora. Carters 4tSSr
•:«O* naywartl. Miles aud Way SUUous.. * I :-V?a
»iOOAV»Uejo \*z23r
¦<OOa Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop, H'ockton, Mercuil
Krennu and Los Angeles 7:2Sr
•<S«A Vall.-Ji.. Martuaes au<t Way Stations 7t»»P
I »i«<» A The Overland Limited— Ogdeu, l>ea-
y«r, Omaha, Chicago 6:-i3r
f l:«0p Sucrammito Klierytemuers...: fS:O(»A
S:3Op Hayward, NHfS and Way HUtions.. . 7:33 p
4itt«r Houlcla. Winters. Haoramentu.
Woodland. Knights Lauding.
•-4. HarysTllle. Orot ille IO;53*.
4:OOp Martluex, Hail ltamon, Tallejo,
Napa. (Mlstnita. HauU Itosa ».».1\
4:OOrNUe», LWermoro, Stockton. Lodl... U-Mp
4W3»F Hayward, Nlles, Man Jkm, Lirtrmora tS:3S*
4i3»p Port Cos a, Tracy, Lathrop, 3t.xk.ton 1»z23a
9:0«rTI)e Owl UmitoU— trei Tulare,
Bakersfleld. Haiigus fur SanU Uar-
bara. Los AnRoles «.. ,S;33*
SivOr Martin- z. Antioch, 8tockton, Mer-
eed,Fresno lt:23p
5:0«r Yosemite 1»«*3?
Si3Ur New Orleans Express— ilendoU,
Fresno, Bskersneid. Los Acgeles.
Dmlne. Et Paso. New Orleans
and E»st 7t."».i\
Bsoor Bay ward, Nlles and San Jose..;.... 7>33a
««:*Or Vallejo I li«3\
ttiOUr Oriental Mall— Oglen. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chteago. iatSSp
6:00? Orieutal Mall-Ogden. Denver.
St. Louis, Chicigo. *****
7l«Op Oregon aud California Kiprnu.M«o.
mmeiitii. M»rj»Yllle. 5 ICtxMiiix.
1-ortUiHl. Tuget Sound and Kas» S:3SA
¦i*3pSan Pablo, Port Costa. Martlnes
and Way HUtious 1I>23a
t«:03p ValHo 7»S3p
COAST IilNE (Sarron liamr*).
(Foot o( Jlarket Street.)
1;>43a SanU Cruz Excursion 10 .-lantaCiuz
and Principal Wsy StaUons ?»i©3»
S>I3a Kewark.l/'mitertllle,.Sau.lose.Frlton,
¦:»"v» I .-Bo»lderCreek,8aiitaCiiixaudWay.
Stations a » 5 °*
tSiISp Newark, Cenlervillp. San .lose, Saw
Alniadeu, Fvlton, Itnnlder Creek.
Santa Cruz aud Principal Way
Stations :r. tio«n»»
4iISp Newark, Han Joae. Los Gatos { »i«)swt
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. ~
ma SIS ms CISCO— Faoi of Suket StiMt (Slip S>—
t7:l» 9:00 ll:00*.M. 1:03 3:30 5:13r.«.
.'ftaOttUlB— ri«l*tBr*«i»j.— 1«:00 (9:00 t3:0J
10 00>.u. 12.C0 2:00 . 4:33 r.M. •
COAST IilXE (Broa.l «»n S *).
(Thl rd »nd Tow nseml Sts.)
ful»* San Jcseand Wsy MuUons. •f : *«'
t7:«0a. Han Jose and Way SUti..im........ ¦ Ii3»P
' t*:'4UA Sunday Excursion for San Jcre,
Santa Cra*. Pacific Groro . and
Principal Way Station* JS»3©»
«iO0AHau Jose. Ties Pirn*. MiinU tjriix.
' INclflc «Jro»«. Ban Luis
Obispo aud Prindpal intermedi«ta
NUtt-ms. .• •••• Jsisrr
1O>:(Oa San Jf se and Wsy Stations. Z'2 op
/l<».3»* New Almadeii. ' ? : ?!I F
I l:a»A (tan Joss and Way MUtiona ........ *** 0 '
iail5rSan M»tco. Uedwodl. Menlo Park,
l'alo Alto. SanU Clara. H»n Ji>se.
Tres Pinos. Haiita «."ri«. Salinas. ' .
ilouter.j mul 1'aeiHe <JroTe |IWs4a*
: *M»r 8an Joseaud Way SUlloi.s «::»»A
f4il»p San Joseand Principal Way SUtlons »: 15*
43:OOrS»n Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Wsy Stations - ?»»««*
St30p Ran Jose and Principal Way Stations »:35a
Oioop Eedwo-id. Han Joe*. Gilroy. SaUaas, _
Santa Birhu*. Los Angeles...... 10:«5a
•tOOp Del Monte, Monterey. Psafle Giore.
Loaspoa... 1»»«W»A
«:30p San Jose and Way Stations '£'??*
Oll:4»p San Jose ami Way Stations. ....;... «»aur
A for Morning. P for A f lenioon.
t Sunday «xcB\«ted. J J Pm-« - only. •
a Saturday only. t /Tu<-»d«ys and Fridays.
MOUNT TAMALPA1S RAILWAY
Via lunlln Ferry— Foot of Market Su
IflVIttNrMN. ' ', 4MIVIM»f«S.
W?t w I' DAYS .... J fSp'w*
8.00 a. M.l f 12:15 P. U.
9*0 a. ar. • "'«£.•£§*' * 1:13 r. u.
1130A.M. " SOUOAYS .< 4:Sar K
130 p. M. • iJSOr.u. ,
2:30 P. M.J I 7:1Of. m.-v
. rare. tarnneHeste3oBiarttaBatXara.il.** -
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St.. & SaqsalUo Perry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62O KEAR5T ST. Established
111 IS34 for the treatment of Crlvxtt* .
Dl.tea.ses. U« t Mannund. Debility or ,
dlsi-asp wearinjron body and mind and .
Skin Disenscs. The Doctorcur*swli*n
others fall. Try him. , I'hargpn loiw. ,
Care* ptinranteed . OHor wril% j
l»r. J. F. tilBBOX. Sau Francisco, Cat _
HQRTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Perry. .
- Commencing April ' 28, 1901. '
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAXXJST
AND SAN RAFAEU..
-WESK DAYS— «:55. 8:30. •9:30. 11:80 ¦_ m^.
12:45. *1:45, »:15. 4:15. 5:15, *«:15. 6:45 p. m.
i EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesday*. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. ¦
, SUNDAYS— 7:00. S:00. «9:00. n0:0O. 11:00. 11:30
a -tn.. 12:45. *l:30. 2:30. *3:43. 5:00. <:M. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. •¦>"," ' . . • . -
.Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN • RAFAEL TO 8 AN FRANCISCO.
'/WEEK DAYS— •S-.K. «:J7. 7:47. S:35.,M:13
i. niT.. '12:25. 1:15.' 1:20, •3:85. 4:40. 6:30 p. m.
¦ EXTRA- TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and -Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
. 6UNDAYS-6:15. »8:00. 9:45, ni:0O a. m^ «U
m7. 1:00.- t:15.n:30., 4:30^/5:45. f:45. 7:30. 10:18
"'Trains "marked " (•) . start • from ¦ San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO 8AN FRANCISCO.
? WEEK DAYS— 6:45. «:45. . 7:55. 8:55, 10^0
a n».* 12:33. 1:45. 2:45. S:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA -¦ TRIPS oa Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
i SUNDAYS-«:3S. 8:00. 10:05,- 11:10 a. m.. U:li
1-20. 2:30. 3:43. 5:00. «:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
"* THROUGH TRAINS. -'
r: 6:55 a. m. week days— Caxadero and way »ta- .
tlODfi. - ' ' ¦ i ' ' -**SstS**3C-lDO*tIU'H*S'^ a S
; 3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tlone. . i~ ¦ ¦- - - ' ' ¦ •'¦¦¦_" ' ¦ "¦ *",
«• 5:15- t>. m. -week <3ay« > (Saturdays excepted>—
Tomales and way stations.-, .
.8 a. tn. Sundays— Cars dero and way stations.
10:00 a. in. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. -¦"•-- ¦• _<•_ ¦' • : ¦- • ' - ¦¦"
THE WEEKLY CALL
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR v
¦Ti \i' , -r trrrffTT1~^i^T'aT'rr' J^raHiiiTT»yiir» i i'istiBIWH
|IIIIIIIIIHIBDIIIIIIIIIII||IIIIIIIII|||||||
j VARICOCEIE RUINS THE LIVES OF
1 1 THOUSANDS OF MEN. |
I " _ _-_ a-—.,! :.-- IM »j|JllUJ i U- (^Wsi • ¦^'h at ' s w ,hat[s dragging, your life;
I- • _ •., v ' and . give's . vigorous circulation.'
1 It is a certain cure.- , I \want no pay ;¦ where I fail.
| "My Varicoceleis cured, and I ani better, and stronger in every
j . respect."— C. A. Behreris/ Tracy, Cal., May ii, 1901. .: f
I' . It will cure you, too.- Come to -me "now and it will : be the. happiest
I day of your life. ; If you, can't call,' send for my, book.. -'It will tell you. if
j i you are afflicted. Consultation free. •_; • ¦ . >•,;¦•• .
I dr. m,c. Mclaughlin, 7 ° 2Ma^^j£: Gea *
1 ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I
A' SPLENDID Tf^ MI iO
/¦V CATARRHAL I \^ 'IN 1 X**n
Is Pe-ru-ria, Says Congressman
Fitzpatrick.
" ' ¦' Rank, Catholib; Knights of America.
t - ¦ nff^f^ armir^'lTs '• • I writes from 3327 North Clark street, Chi-
-jJ^S 1^ " 4<I have now used Peruna off and on for
»MsfB«^iEi~MisW!ta8s^' " over three years as a strengthening tonic
;; Afm3i&Jixr~?*fiStWr^^^^ ' and flnd jt of inestimal:>le value. My sys-
] . WWtjPT^^SP^^^^^ \ ' ' tem &ets run down and worn out at times,
'mSjfSs. yS& \ M an(^ I do not know -what I should do with-
ii aBBM gflgr \ i out Peruna to build it up again."— JIa-
| *Hfflf(5^? MaS^tl < Pe-ru-na Is a natural and efficient nerve
i *aHj&^4 MtwfE&l t tonic. It strengthens and restores the ac-
"VsWa \ £*i™2x t Ti'L ¦ tlvlty of every nerve in the body.
;i • " **H*' S"''f ' '., Through the use of Pe-ru-na the weak-
I / ' ened or overwprked nerves resume their
' '^^r^ natural strength and the blood vessels
' "^/^^B x. * >^-^^!%!>. begin at once to regulate the flow of
' 'M&KwK Vvw»«§§*^ ' ' bloo<i according to nature's laws. Conges-
!:^^R|P^^^^| SUMMER CATARRH.
'¦ ™ • *v All phases of summer catarrh, acute or
t vl'! r f S | 8 ?i n i i ,, s s* s ss ss s s t chronlc - are Promptly and permanently
• •••••••••••••a* •••••• ••• cure< j_ j t is through Its operation upon
Hon. F. T. Fitzpatrick, Congressman the nervous system that Pe-ru-na has
from Kentucky, writes from the Na- attained 'such a world-wide reputation
tional Hotel, Washington, D. C, as fol- as a sure and reliable remedy for all
l° w s : • ' : phases of catarrh wherever located.
"At the solicitation Of a friend I If you do not derive prompt and satls-
,, m j „/,„« /?£,„„„„ --v «»„ »;«../„//„ factory results from the use of Peruna,
used your Peruna and can cheerfully at once t0 Dr . Hartman> glvlng a
recommend your remedy to any one full statement of your case, and he win
suffering with catarrh or who needs I be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
,j ¦ ,, c v c j a • i. | vice gratis.
a good tonic, —t. I. titzpatnck. Address Dr. Hartman, President of Tha
' Mr. • Mathlas Lelf, Secretary Uniform I Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, Ohloi
. ¦
Good Enough
/ A ' -^ l 'T
I ' #S\ ' I "I
tor Anybody
No one could ask for a nicer trip. Good clean
beds; good places for grub baskets; obliging train
men; plenty of time and chance to replenish eat-
ables. We think the Burlington excursions good .
enough for anybody.' • H. P. Light.
, jjjflTlmfflffini e Burlbgton Overland Excursions lave San Francisco Tuesdays
I!UuU£VmJ| anc * Thursdays — Omaha, Kansas City, St. Louis, Chicago—
MIRmfH EVERYWHERE East. Tickets and berths at —
¦HjJJlilllfll Ticket Office, 631 Market Street
ES1^956I W. D. Sanborn, General Agent San Francisco
M0HB1Y
AND Thl* 6real Train
runs but twice
. yur Leaving at 9 an,
it arrives in
I* 1 1 IT A nil 1 1 ChIc *9° at 2-l5
CALIFORMSA ¦*&.
LIIIIIILII its Mgil standard
of service is
0" fully maintained.
I . . ¦ .
Santa Fe Trains
. Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
¦ . ¦ ¦- . I Local I Lim'd I Ovrl'd I Local
¦ 1 Daily! * .'I Dally 1 Pally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
•• Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
"Fresno ... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
"Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
"Vlsalta... 3*40 p ........ 4:43 a
". Bakersfld 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
~" Kans. C'y 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago |2:15p »:00 p ;
a for morning, p for afternoon. -
¦ »9:00-r -m.'- train -la th« California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace -Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
' to Bakersfleld - for accommodation of local
fl rat-class • passensrers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:53 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily. ¦-"¦•: ¦ .
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through I Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining: Chair. Cars to Chicago:
also Palace Sleeper.; which cuts out at
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives at 5:3o
p.- m. ¦ daily/- -.-'•¦ *
¦ 7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
• responding: train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally. .
' Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry'
. Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. . ¦
» rra Rootbeer
I LS to refresh the body,
o / lHV m^ nc^ — that's ,
jBu \\\ W.\ A 25c. pn.cka^<! makaa
'ADVERTISEMENTS.It *, rs said it will cost less than $120,000 to save the
Palisades along the' Hudson ;Rtver" from destruction,
and yet neither-New ; York : nor;New Jersey is willing
to- put up its share of the; money, so/ they. are permit
ting "the; natural • beauty to be . "destroyed while \ they
stand and .wait, for the'Federal Government to make
an appropriation,'^! i; :. ,- ', ¦•.•¦;¦"'" ' :;
MRS. NATION'S LAST CHANCE.
Government . cannot consider "extremes alone, yet
it, is Mrs. Nation's idea tHat" only'' the" abnormal. is
normal.
But hers is a mistaken theory. It is not only well
but necessary to base j conclusions tip'ori the average
;ind nct-upon the extreme. of human experience. All
arc not happy," and- all are 'not unhappy. All women
have not • witnessed the alcoholic extinction of one
husband.' and perhaps been physically disciplined! by,
another, and all grandmothers have ,not had frivolous
grandsons, whose sole gift was in making a cocktail
move itself aright and show its ; color. in the cup.
If all lives had touched and' sliared. an equal series
of abnormalities she would-be everywhere welcome
as an cxpcrt.in morbid experiences. Her government
will naturally, be based upon thcprinciple that all peo
ple have lived and endured as she has. That'is the
theory of her /crusade. * - The ..Jate ;Immanuel Kant
would say that what lx> her is posteriori she assumes
to be a priori to all others.
In' Bryan's State a town -of 1200 inhabitants at the
tprih'g'election nominated and elected a ticket pledged
to import. Mrs. Nation and consult her and follow, her
advjee in everything pertaining to the government of
the municipality. The officers so chosen have organ
ized and notified the lady to come, and stand ad- 1
journe4 .trtitil she appears, -with hatchet in her hand
and blood in her cyi. The officers explain to their,
constituents that they will not move a wheel until
they get her advice. As her -knowledge of laws and
constitutions has not been shown to exceed that of*
Moses, Solon, Justinian, Honorius and other prac
titioners^-ancient and modern, it is not probable that
she will be subject to the limitations which such
knowledge implies in putting in practice this novel
scheme of government. It will be, in fact, a
Carnation set up within the State of Nebraska and
exceptional to all the statutory regulations governing
municipalities. What she says goes, and that's the end
of it. It- will-be' interesting to >watch the smasher as
she enters upon and rules her new estate. Perhaps
her somewhat varied and unfortunate personal expe
rience^ will be the guide of her new jurisdiction. Her
first husband floated hence on the flowing bowl, and it
is alleged that her second applied physical discipline
to her to such an extent that Texas refused to con
tain him; and her grandson r mixes drinks in a Chicago
joint/. ' ¦";• \- : , . ... .. : . ' .". .,; . ¦• ¦;'-• ¦'' ¦
While she bandied; words . with Justices of' "the
Peace or browbeat Judges she amused the multitude.
While, she cheerfully consigned smokers and drinkers
to ircIUshe awestruck the many who -still believe in the
mysterious, and fear the power of prophets, seers and
rcvclators. ' But all that time she had no real dis
ciplesj and. even Mr. .Nation growled about the ex
pense arid pointed to his buttonless trousers and un
washed Shirts. But all this is changed. The prophet
ess is not without honor, though it comes from out
side her own cpuntry. The stone fined by a Kansas
court has been laid' for a corner in Nebraska.
While Mrs. Nation went around playing a resound
ing solo with her hatchet she was an object of interest
or of fear, according to the, point of view.
But the novel and extraordinary in moral and po
litical* reform never goes aright until it secures dis
ciples!
SINXE Mrs.. Nation was actually fined by a court,
and Mr. Nation fled from the conjugal presence
to live with his children, there has been some
danger of that energetic lady and her hatchet passing
from public view. \ . *. * .
ONLY a short time ago Prince Krapotkin in an"
. article in the Forum declared Manchuria an
utterly worthless country/and intimated that'
Americans', British, Germans and Fren&i who. 1 .&rej
opposing the acquisition of the' country 'biy the. Rus-.
sians are making much ado about- nbtliing.- Now>
however, comes a report that the "Russian Government
thinks so much of the provinceand its trade that ar-"
rangements have been made at St. Petersburg': to.es- ."
tablish at Kirih, one of the largest tofyns "of Mail-**
churia, a permanent exposition "of 'arts -and v industries
for the purpose, of promoting- commerced with ..the.
people. , . - • V . r ;.* /' "^J»v ¦ "¦' '
appears from the report that the*Russians have
found the market of Manchuria "flooded with foreign
goods,", and that the " amount- of American, British,
German and Chinese goods sold there is sufficient to
make it worth while for. the Russians to struggle" to
supplant "them. One authority saysio. '.'A;iarge por-'
tion of the foreign goods which Russia is endeavoring
to drive out of the Manchurian market is supplied:
from the United States." ; ;"(* / , .>,
All of that sounds as if Manchuria were a' very rich
country* with a wonderful* commercial .^future .
Prince Krapotkin. tells a different story.; He' explored
the' country, several years ago while in the .Russian
military service. He went up the River Sungari as-far-
as this" same' town of Kirin, where t the^exposition 'is to
be established. In .describing* the "country he ? saysr
"Immense stretches of a 1 high, cold -arid-'- marshy"
plateau; wide, sandy and waterless ; plains ' on the
middle Sungari* similar to those of the Eastern Gobi,
and also inhabited -by nomad -Mongols only; '.great :
expanses of marshy lowlands on the lower Suhgari,
inundated during the] period of the monsoon rains; -
. poverty and a hard' struggle againstan mclement'^av
lure: ?a i thin- population Scattered along the [rivers,! in"
the. deep separatedffrom eachf other byimoun-"
tains* thickly clothed with'woo'd, in -the' Kirin "proV- f
ince^these are w what we saw during those two; jour-"
neys. j Only; a" few "fertile plains'. ' one ¦ about^ Tsitsikaiy
on the Nonni River,, and another between Merghen
and Aihun, relieve the generally poor aspect of the ter-
MANCHURIA AN0MTS CTRADE:
WOMEN FOR SOUTH AFRICA.
EVER since Chamberlain niade his famous
speech suggesting an extensive emigration of
British women to South Afriea as soon as the
war is over there has been an organized effort to edu
cate women for the work likely to be required of them
should they decide upen the venture. The instruction
has been undertaken by* the United British Women's
Emigration Society, and is being carried out with en
ergy. The number of women who have applied for.
instruction is large, and most of them arc said to be of
a high order of ability, .for the society* discourages
Avoinen of the servant class owing to the.fact that there
is an. abundance of labor of that kind already in the
country. ¦ ..„.".. — •
The secretary of the society in explaining the work
to the London Chronicle, said recently: ,"We. welcome
the time which must necessarily elapse before the
country will have settled down to industry, for we do
not want to send out a number of raw, untrained
women. As:it is, we are enabled to encourage them to
train for definite occupations. Just now, by means of
a pamphlet written by. Lady Knightley of JFawsley we
are appealing for. the active :co-operatidn \ of - : ladies
throughout .the; country in enabling intending emi
grants to obtain instruction in' various departments of
practical .life, such as" cooking, , dairying, poultry
keeping, "bread-making, laundry "work, needlework,
cutting-out;, gardening, fruit-packing, bee-keeping and
nursing.- In some parts of the country County Coun
cil classes for technical instruction provide the readiest
meanlj of 'gaining instruction."
' /Tfte^Wotneh's Emigration Society was not called
into existence. for the purp"o"Se of promoting emigra
tion to >5outh Africa.; It existed long before the war
and has been assisting the migration of 'women from
the old country to the colonies.'' There are over 1,000,
ooomore women than men. in the kingdom, while in
,the colonies'. there is;* lack of wonien, v and the emigra
tion is therefore beneficial both to the old and to the
new countries. ; The South "African movement has
grown* up J ! out of tile war and is part of a general
s'cheme to encourage the. settlement of "^British families
in the'eountry to counteract the Dutch element of the
population and make the country surely. •British;, ; ,
.While the main society in London is educating the
girlsat home for the work there are branch societies
in Cape' Colony and i other important' points in South
Africa" making, preparations to receive them.! .There
is -said- to be" a great-demand for teachers, and quite a
number of them have volunteered. In ... addition the
.volunteers include housekeepers, nurses, bookkeepers,
stenbgraphers,"iypists and journalists. Mn short/there
is a grand army of women ready to move to South
Africa as, soon as the waris over, "but from the pres
ent outlook they will Have; ample time to pursue their
education in London before the establishment of peace
requires them to start for. their.; hew!. homes.
AFTER her glorious voyage around the Horn,
her share in the victory at Santiago and her
service in the Orient, the peerless Oregon has
returned to San Francisco to' rest for a time in the
bay that first received her. It is right and fitting that
her return; was greeted- by ' a distinguished welcome,
for slier has % reflected .£<?£ much honor upon the £ort
where" sTiV was" built "that she deserves honors in re
turn.
In the navies of the world many a battleship floats
upon the waters, but of them all the Oregon is at this
time supreme." It is undeniable that she is the most
famous warship upon the, seas. Her voyage around the
Horn was^a magnificent triumph of speed and en
durance. No other vessel of her class has had her
machinery and her hull so continuously and so , tre
mendously tested, or has borne the test with such re
markable success. She made a voyage which in. itself
amazed the naval experts of the world, and at the end
of it she arrived xipon the scene of war not only fit
to enter battle but did actually enter battle and stand
pre-eminent in the conflict.
• The oldest and the greatest ship-building ports in
the world would be proud of constructing such a
vessel as the. Oregon. It is therefore but,natural that
San Franciscp should feel a joy in her matchless feats
and her peerless position among .the' warships of the
time.. She attests the skill and fidelity of our mechan
ics and ship-builders not less than the", courage and
seamanship of her commander and her; crew. She
was built stanch and strong in every part of her com
plex mechanism, a fit upholder of the flag of the re
public, and it is with a patriotic satisfaction as well
as a civic pride we welcome her home again.
RETURN OF THE OREGON.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
ONE-CENT PIECE— TV. E. S.. City.
Dealers offer from 3 to 10 cents for a
copper cent of the United States of the
date of 1S02.
NOT ON THE PREMIUM LIST— A. A.
F., Jackson, Cal. Five-dollar pieces of
1845 and 1836 are not of the class that are
on the list of coins . commanding premium.
FOREIGN BORN-S. A. H., City. This
department has not been able to discover
any law. in any State, that prohibits a
citizen, of foreign birth from holding the
office of Governor.
POPULATION— H. C. City. The pop
ulation of the United States, as shown
by the census of 1900, Is 74.610,K3; of Cal-
342.7S2. '
SCHOOLS-J. H, B.. BakersfleM. Ca!
ifornia. l,4S5,053, and of San Francisco.
Trades such as carpentering, bricklaying,
plumbing, blacksmlthtnff and the like are
taught In the Uck School of Mechanical
Arts and In the Wllmenllnsr School in San
Franclseo. •
MAGAZINE RIFLE— J. P. 1., City. Dur
ing the civil war, IXiU-s, the United States
Government purchased foiu* million umall
arms, which lncludedthe Burnslde. Sharp.
Mnynnrd and Henry titles, the latter a
magazine rifle.
TWO COINS— J. S. -W*. F., Austin, Nev.
A ten-dollar piece of 1S34, coined In the
United States, Is not one of the coins for
which dealers offer a premium, but rieal-
ers charge from $12 60 to $13 for a coin of
that date and denomination. A quarter
of 1S3S sells at from 60 to 85 cents.
ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING— C. P..
Sacramento, Cal. For information rela
tive to electrical engineering communicate
with the recorder of the State University
at Berkeley. This department cannot ad
vertlsa private institutions that "at a
moderate price will teach electrical engi
neering."
COLLEGE AND UXIVERSITY-J. H..
City. In order to determine If a. certain
college leads a certain State university in
the same studies, taught m both, It would
require an examination into the methods
in each branch in each institution, the
number of students . in each particular
class and the percentages for a number
of years. That Is a task that this de
partment has not the time to undertake.
FOREIGN POPULATION— Subscriber.
City. Until the details of the census for
1900 are Issued from the Census Bureau
it will be impossible to give the number of
foreigners in the United States or the
number of naturalized citizens. The per
centage of the foreign born population,
according to the census of 1890. was U.S.
An estimate made at the close of 1900
placed the percentage at 13.4. It will take
the official figures to determine how near
correct that estimate is.
i PRESIDENTIAL FLAG — Subscriber.
City. It Is usual In all countries to have a
special ensign to designate the presence
on a vessel of a ruler of the nation. Such
a flag, for the President of the United
States, Is of comparatively recent date.
President Arthur suggested such a flag
in the early part of 1382. his Cabinet-con
curred in his suggestion, and.it was der
cided that the flag should be a blue
ground - with the arms • of the - United
States in the center. The Navy Depart
ment ordered that the nag should be dis
played' at the mainmast of any vessel
that bore the President. Arthur first used
it in 1883. ' ;
HOMESTEAD— A. B., Tulare County.;
A person who files on land for a home
stead does not acquire any rights to the
same ¦ unless he complies with the law
as ,to residence, cultivation, 1 etc Resi
dence on the land must be in person and
cannot.be> by proxy, even by a member
of the entryman's family. A person can
not'legally give a deed to land to which
he himself never obtained a legal deed.
If in the case truoted in letter of inquiry
there'** has any fraudulent transac
tion the matter should be laid before the
land 'Office in- the district in which- it; is
situated, together with all the facts^and
proof. If there has been any fraud the
land office will take care of the property
and those who were party to the Iraud.;
Thls department will give law. but does
not' undertake to give decisions upon ex
parte statements... : .
CAMFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, D. C. June 12. -The
following Callfornlans arrived to-day and
registered: At the Raleigh— John \V.
Bourdette, San Francisco. At the Na
tional—Mrs. Alma Hyer. San, Francisco.
At the Shoreham— Mra. P. E. Alexander.
Mrs. Lewis F. Alexander. Mrs. Scott W.
Alexander, Mrs. T. J. Douglas, Mr. and
Mrs. J. B. Alexander. Los Angeles.
CAXTFORNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, June 12.— The following
Calif ornlans are in New York:
From San Francisco — A. Davis, at Her
ald Square: .G. Fredricks, at Holland; L.
G. Goldberg, at Herald Square; C. D.
Helmlnger, at Raleigh: B. Mauzy and
wife, at Savoy: W. M. Randall and wife,
at ' Hoffman; L. Simon, at Xetherland:
W. M. Weighet. afGilsey; A. Anderson,
at Broadway Central : J. S. Ellis, at Man
hattan; J. Nordman, at Grand Union; P.
Priet and wife, at Holland.
From Los Angeles— J. R. Martin, at
Murray Hill. j >" »
bring about , eating and drinking. When
people ,ask< me." about smoking, I am apt
to say that I wish they would not smoKe,
but that any man who can go without his
pipe or his, cigar for. six months and not
miss it may smoke. If he cannot, why
the "poor critter" is a slave, and the first
thing he has to do is to free himself from
that exact slavery. This rule applies pre
cisely in. all matters of food.
¦ And the reason is very subtle which pre
vents us from applying it in questions as
to habits of drinking. A man who has
smoked one cigar can determine as well
whether he shall take a second as if he
had not, been smoking. But a man who
has drunk one glass of whisky cannot, de
termine as to the second glass as well as
he could as, to the first. Here is one rea
son why he had better determine in early
life that until he is 65 years old he will
drink no' alcoholic spirits. J He will take it
if the physician insists upon it, but on no
other condition. You see that'nobody pre
tends that the "stimulus of wine or dis
tilled : liquor Is, any thing but a stimulus.
When you take a glass of wine or a glass
of whisky to ..brace up for. a- particular
effort, you-are simply. borrowing from to
morrow. Now, if. a woman is thrown cu:
of a carriage on herhead and Is senseless,
it may be .well to give her come brandy
so .that she can borrow from to-morrow's
resources in pulling herself together this
afternoon. But It is Only in su«h an excep
tional case that one has any right to bor
row to-day from' to-morrow's resources. ,
Habits of Thought and Study.
I think that the school hours of our life
in cities axe too many for boys and girls
who go to school forty-four weeks in the
year.' In the better system of the older
country districts, where a school is closed
after, thirteen weeks* . winter study, and
not opened again until after a long period
of work on the farm or in the household,
why, there is no harm in seven or even
eight hours a day for study, while the
scholars ar-i at school. . - — <*'
A certain dawdling habit comes In. with
the long scaool session which is bad all
around. And many a boy and girl has to
break up this habit, and turn over a new
leaf when they form the habit of reading,
writing and thought upon which they arc
to go through life. _. .
In the first place, let nobody bo gloomy
because he has not " more .than two or
three hours for study in every day. I do
not say that' a man needs. no more, If he
be working out some of the great prob
lems or enterprises. If a. man were de
signing a new locomotive, -or if he were
contriving a new J pattern for a dollar
watch, or devising a new light like Edi
son's, he would give much more, than
three hours a day for stiff brain work —
for study.
But this does not mean that* a man
needs .more than two or three hours a
day, for book study. "Sunday will come
in, .as Andrew Fairservice says, and that
will give him more. In the Chautauqua
courses, which have proved very well de
vised for the average American working
man, we find, that eight closely applied
reading hours in a week will meet our re
quisitions, though we ask for more. I
know thai almost anybody, however
much occupied, can get fourteen .reading
hours every week, and for people who
come to me for advice I order that, as'if
I were a doctor with a prescription blank,
and Rx at the top of it.
Hours of Reading and Study.
As to the "hours of reading or careful
study, man or woman must take it when
they can. You are always safe, however.
If you can leave your bed ' so early aa to
get an hour for reading or writing or
study before you go to your day'a regu
lar work. Only you must take some food
before you begin to work your brain.
You nre on ticklish ground again If you
work the bruin hard in the houra before
sleep. This haa been raid already and. the
reason given.
Hut simple reading,' for the acquisition
of knowledge or for pleasure, does not
work or tire the brain. Heading aloud In
the evening Is an excellent habit In the
family for the lust hour or hours of a
day.
It is all very well to be an all-round
mnn or wom.ui, and to keep, in a way,
even with what the world la doing In its
larger Interests. But all the same, who
ever takes life seriously will be wise if he
determines that he will keep himself well
¦up on some one special lines of study
wnich Interests him. Is It flowers, Is It
the care of bees, is it trees, is it grass, Is
It local history, is it history of the na
tion, is It the tariff, la it municipal light
ing? 1 do not know. You know what you
like, what interests you. You know what
will be of use In your daily occupation.
You know how you can help the neigh
bors and -make. the town a better town.
If you know that you know what is your
special line of reading, or, if you .please,
of study. And my advice is that you
form the habit of keeping up your read
ing in that direction.
To Keep the Machine in Order.
Any one 'who knows a bicycle ought to
know enough of the machine to keep it in
order. He" need not be a machinist, but
he may need to take off a nut, or to put
it on. he needs to know. when and where
to ell, and how much oil to use.
. Now the same thing is true of mind and
body, which is the machine which man,
the soul, has to use. He may not know
how many bones he has, or where ; the
sciatic nerve divides. But he is the mas
ter. .The nerves and bones and brain are
not masters. • He is to tell them what ; to
do, and he is to keep them iir order. He
will have full power to do this if he keep
in touch with the God from whom he is
born. He is a child of God. God wishes
to help him through if he will, let him.
Thus the man succeeds in whatever Is in
hand, because he brings to bear infinite
power.
When I was in Salignac's drill corps in
1S61 we came at last, to our great joy, to
the business of firing the old Springfield
arms which they drilled us with. And of
cours'e we had to pull the triggers. And
of course Salignac wanted us to pull them
at the same instant, the same forty-seven
thousandth fraction of a quarter second.
And he said: "Don't pull as if. you only
wanted to start the hammer. Pull,,' each
of you; as if you were starting a hundred
pound weight." ¦ .¦....¦ ,
¦ There is a great deal in It. Translated
into every-day language, It means. ."Use
infinite power for what you have to do "
Do.notbe satisfied wtih.- any thing* less'
Then as Long says of the Trojans In -the
fleet of Aeneas, -
"You find you can, because you think you
can," '. : ¦¦ . • . .
Or in this case.
"You find you can, because you know
you can." *
"Prom thee. great Gdd. we spring to
thee we trend." Thaf is the whole ofit
And any man who holds to that why he
can '/put through" anything he and God
undertake together. - .-,.„, ¦
How an; Earnest Man Goes to Work.'
A man, then, addresses himself tothis
business in a spirit wholly . his own » He
does not address himself to it as a good
natured dray : horse addresses hlm^if tV.
his business of the day. A man who V2
man Is modestly ; conscious /that , he" has
infinite power behind him to rely UD on
which, sooner, or later, as the day "foes
through, he can call- upon. I have won
a $ r f. d A', in^ e^' wnether unknown writer
of ."Aladdin" haa not this in mind. Alad
din goes and comes, uses his own wit*
which are better.than those of the people
around him. .uses his - own ? intelligence
and memory, f carried forward his own
plans, is in love with his own sweetheaTt
and acts : up -to a. certain .point., as the
other actors on the scene doV But when
he is in a very hard"place, he rubT his
lamp, and infinite power cornea -out and
does for him .what all alohe he could not
do for; himself. I say; I have wonrt«.rfi
whether the unknown" 'writer of Thi^S
.ital story meant to show what human fife
really' is. : He ¦ struggles ' and hpqn o vf!
andfails till he calls on the mflnufpow
ers. And^then - when he - does call theV
KAfto%h Cl °^ d -nd he
To resume this whole matter: I "
•- 1. Rule both : mind ; and . body - with' an
iron hold. -You are-master, c -
2."For, .the body, enough. goodvsleeD. 1
There are books on bodily " training.
There are books on what people 'call "selt
culture," by which they mean the man
agement of memory; imagination and rea
soning powers, as they would sa£; of the
mind. >- "• ,\ .. • . ¦ - ;."'•¦¦
And there are books which the careles3
reader would call "Sunday books," to be
read when one must not read Hoyle's di
rections for whist; books which try to
teach about the soul 'and its affairs, and
go about their business as if these affairs
had nothing to do with a sound body or a
sound mind. K . .: . ' - " ' "
Indeed, I /now schools where you are
taught howno multiply and to divide, how
to add and subtract, : how to "make a
speech; or to prove something which has
been proposed, where nobody says any
thing about right <5r wrong, duty or pleas
ure, God or- devil; and -where nobody cares
whether you are near-sighted, or
your head aches, whether you can walk
well or run well; so only you are sure that
seven times, seven are forty-nine and -of.
some other facts of that nature, the school
is satisfied. ¦¦¦¦"'¦".* •-¦¦: . .
Union of Body, Mind and Soul.
I havyqbeen asked to write a few words,
not too many, ..on regular habits in the
training of life, as they look to an old man
who never had to go to bed in the day
time and who never "enjoyed ill^health."
-Body, mind and soul all -belong togeth
er; and we are fools if we try to separate
them. "We must take care of them to
gether. We must train them together. We
do not want first-rate gymnasts or ath
letes, unless they are first-rate men; we
do not want expert calculators or bril
liant authors unless they are first-rate
men; and we. have no use for the monk
of the middle ages who spent day and
night 'in prayer and meditation, with a
body which has no nerve or muscle or go
and a mind which was addled and vague
in its spasmodic action. This man, with
his cosseting of what he called his soul,
was not a first-rate man, nor a second
rate-mnn. It is only by a stretch of,lan
guage that. he is called a man at all.
Wise -Bodily Habits.
The reader will please . remember this
necessity of absolute union of the three
in the business we have in hand, although
our work, of course, arranges itself under
aifferent heads. While we are talking
about bodily exercise" we are not forget
ting hiental exercise or spiritual exercise.
And while we are gaining strength on
either side, we must gain it on- the other
sldes'also. ' . :
To begin with bodily strength and the
health of this part of the machine, I al
ways begin any instructions for a strong,
well and happy life by the praise of sleep
and by insisting that my pupil shall learn
to sleep well. All things seem to follow
on this; and yet sleep also depends on a
well-trained mind" and on ¦ a determined
soul, able, willing and glad to control
mind and body.
.People woo sleep: they call sleep fickle
or inconstant, and in various ways abuse
it. They make ridiculous proverbs! which
imply that there is something vlrtu6us-in
short nights, as if sleep were to be kept 1
at bay. All this is wrong. Sleep is the
restoration of life— call It, if you please,
the governor of the engine. With the
right sleep and enough of it the body
comes up to its work every morning new
born. In the first half of life it comes up
to Its work a little better able to do Its
duty than the morning before. But this
Is not so if the sleep has not been sound
and steady.
Every one will find out how much -sleep
Is good for him. Then ho will make it
his duty or business to take -that amount
regularly. A leader of men fixed it In
my hearing last night as twelve hoxirs
out of the twenty-four. This is ns much
a duty ns to eat enough or to drink
enough, or to come into the house when
It ruins.;
Rules for Sleeping- Well.
The rules ns 1 have found thorn are sim
ple; They aro well Inltl down in more
than one book. .Dr. .Hammond's ts as
good ns any:
1. Do not work the bruin for six hours
before you ro to bod. Husinoss men, po
called, are ant to violate this rule. The
agents of banks and othor great financial
trusts think they must Klve daylight to
their employers*, nml then spend their
evenings In memoranda, and calculations
about their own personal affairs. * \ All
this is wrong. You, may get out of bed
as early as you please, and work your
brnin *hen. . But you are safeBt if after
\ or A o'clock in the afternoon "you give
it no hard work at all. Are there not the
children to play with and novels to read
and Joe Jefferson at the theater and the
sofa to He upon while Marlon and Hugh
play a duet, upon the. piano? Do not
work this poor old brain then,- which has
stood Jay you so loyally since you got
out of bed In the morning.
2. Remember always . what the bed is
for and why you are in it. You "are
there to sleep; not to add -up figures in
your head. Not to think out a letter to
your lawyer." Not to work out the best
way of putting your house lots on. the
market. Simply you are there to sleep.
3. If you . have ¦ been working the poor
old brain too late, or If you have been
eating a Welsh rarebit just 1 before you
undressed- yourself, and if your head
burns so that if almost sets the pillow
on fire, crawl out . of ; bed and sponge
your head' with cold; water. At the
worst,- soak the feet in as hot water as
they 'Will. bear. You want to :' draw
away the extra. blood from the brain. In
all natural sleep there is less blood on
the brain than when you are awake. , I
have - at my bedpost a long cord with a
child's :flatiron attached to.it. When my
head is too hot I hold" the smooth, cold
surface of the iron against the forehead
to drive the blood awav.
4.*People tell you to ¦ think of sheep
jumping over a wall, to "reproduce famil
iar strains of music, to hold the eyes open
and fixed on some object opposite in the
room. riiRecall the. last ridiculous vision
you had before waking. But do not en
gage while in bed in any such serious
matter which will again exhaust and ex
asperate the brain. .; | . ".- v "
.Why Mian \ Can Do as He Chooses.
Here the reader stops and sa'ys: "This
mail saysdo this, but do not do that. Does
the man think I can do just what I
choose?" ..'." ' V .,.'...
Certainly 'I do. That is just 'what the
man is writing for. Are you not a child
of God, "made in his likeness? Can you
not call on his own strength to- put you
through? ..'.'If you choose" . you can, and
just what we are trying for is to find out
where you need that strength and hOw to
use it. In all such rules as we are put
ting, together here It is taken for granted
that, they are to be put through; : -
As. to sleep, then, I will, take It for
granted' that you get as many hours as
you need; ,¦ Some people need more, some
less.' Young people , need more than old
people. For myself, I take ten hours out of
the twenty-four— one after my luncheon
or midday dinner, nine between 9:39 'at
night and 6:30'in the morning. . • •. -
Settle v that . matter ¦ as • you need. But
settle It. Hold, on by, your omnipotent
power. ¦ If the - factory bell requires 6
o'clock, ;or. your work with hand or foot
or brain -requires 5 o'clock, -6 or 5 let it
be! ?Do not change your mind every morn
ing.":, ¦¦¦-¦¦ '•":;'. : . ' .'"¦ : :"" " ; " '•'. \_' ¦:'¦ ".
And it is always a good thing, if half a
dozen -' people r or more or less.* can agree>
on this: If they willsay; "We will meet
at 5, at 6, at 7 for breakfast," at whatever
hour, they all "choose. - In that case it is
much easier to hold the rule.--. 'i
\ This is to say, in other words, that it is
a good thing, to live at home; . or, in some
family wych takes on the habits of home.
Habits of Appetite.
-Talking thus of habits and sleep, I'have
said i what I : need not repeat i of " habl ts of
appetite and;habits of exercise.
As to what a'man eats or drinks, let him
be ' hla | own' master so • completely that - he
can; go through. a day or a week without
grumbling on the simplest ration possible
If " he : can - do ! that;"? why , • he f may . order
sweetbreads or: pate de : f oie gras .; or ten
derloin - steak he ; can . pay - f o»
them. - But do not let us hear any; grum-
LISTING- THE TOWN.
B7Y the activity in this city, of a lady engaged in
- getting up an entertainment for the benefit of
...the University Mound- OW Ladies' Home
there ha^been introduced to San Francisco an indus
try which in the East is known as "listing the town.'^
The business is simple and . easily understood." The
promoter of the scheme arranges with some well estab
lished charity for" the use of its name in getting up'an
entertainment and then proceeds to list the town and
sell tickets right and left. The charity receives a lump
sum or a percentage en the sales of seats, , or both,
and the promoter gets whatever there is in excess of
those amounts. As the American people are ever
liberal in support of local charities, it will be perceived
that the business of working up such entertainments
can readily be made profitable.
Charity by. percentage may be acceptable in the
East, but it is not needed here, and our charitable as
sociations should not lend their names to the pro
moters of such schemes. If there were no other ob
jection to the method it would be. objectionable from
the very fact that by lending their names and giving
indorsement to such promoters the . local charities
would encourage the practice," and- before long evils
would result. Business men and others who have
been ready to * support our home institutions would
not know to whom they were called on to give money
or for what they were giving.it. There would be no
ready way of determining. a meritorious enterprise of
that kind from one promoted solely to make money
for the promoter, and as a consequence .there would
soon be a lack of public confidence which would re
sct to the injury of home charities. .
; The main objection to percentage charity is that
even when honorably conducted" it means that a por
tion of the money that should go to the home institu
tion will pass to another beneficiary. The local char
ity receives only a percentage of the income. Our
business men would thus be called upon to sustain
not only the home charities but to pay for the privi
lege of- doing it. There would be an added burden
upon the community— a burden uncalled for, unneces
sary and unjustifiable.
Had the merchants and others of the city who are
relied upon to contribute to every form of charitable
work been illiberal or backward in their. contributions,
perhaps it would be advisable to call in a professional
promoter to raise funds, but no such condition ex
ists. Our people have been generous and prompt in
responding to every rightful appeal made to them in
such cases. No community sustains in proportion to
its population a more abundant charity by voluntary
contribution than does San Francisco.. The.calls.upon
our merchants are many, and it is not fair to add to
them by asking them to purchase tickets for percent
age entertainments. There are some-forms of activity
developed in the East of which we can well afford
to allow our Eastern friends to enjoy the monopoly,
and this is one of them.-
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. ! George Chlsmore has returned to
the city from New York.
J. Goldman, a merchant of Stockton,
registered at the Grand yesterday.
John R. Phillips, a- mining man of
Stockton, is a guest at the Palace.
Thomas Clark, a mining man of Placer
ville, Is spending a few. days at tfie
Grand.
Mark Smith, a well-known merchant of
Stockton, Is here on business and is at
the Lick, -..-v.'.V ¦>:'. . •
• Captain C.-M. Thomas and Commander
C. A. Adams of the Oregon are at the
Occidental. ' ¦¦ .
S. C. Williams, a mining man and ex
tensive rancher of Newman, is at the
Lick for a few days.
Dr. G. F. Faulkner of Salinas arrived
in the city yesterday and has made the
Grand his headquarters. • •
Charles Rollo Peters of Monterey and
Faris is in the. city preparing to attend
the jinks in the redwoods.
Ross C. Kline, Pacific Coast agent of
the "Wabash "road, with headquarters in
Los Angeles, is here for a few days on
business for -his company.
Captain C. E. Haven, in command of a
company of the National Guard at Santa
Rosa, arrived in the city yesterday and
is staying at the* Calif ornia.
Joseph D. Redding of New York is in.
San Francisco and may adjust his-busi
ness affairs In a way that will afford him
opportunity /~to -attend the Midsummer
Jinks In Grove Bohemia.
THE attention of -the legal and the
laity has been fixed upon the Supreme^Court
arid engrossed in its decision of. the island cases
-tOjSUch.an extent that contemporary decisions of vast
importance are^not considered. One of them; of far
reaching influence, has just been rendered" by 'Hon.
Smith McPherson, Judge of. the United States Dis
trict Court for the Southern District of Iowa. -It re
verses all the courts in a matter that has been the
subject of a vast mass of litigation.
Life insurance policies contain a suicide clause,
providing that if the policy holder take his own life,
sane or insane, the insurance contract *is vitiated' and
the policy is void.
life : insurance contract peculiarly ¦affects .third
parties. The second party to such a contract, the per
son insured, cannot get any value received out of a
life policy that runs to the surviving ""beneficiaries.
Their interests, then, are affected by the form of con
tract made by the policy holder, and it is their interest
with which the courts deal in life insurance .litigation.
A contract of life Insurance- containing the suicide
clause was litigated before Judge -McPherson and he
decided the clause void, 1 because a sane man cannot
make a contract that. shall bind an insane man; while
sane he cannot bind himself not* to do certain things
if he become insane and malic that Jhe essence of a
contract. ' ' " ,
The insurance contract was held valid and the policy
payable to its beneficiaries. We think that the equity
of this decision will be seen a^t once and that insur
ance companies will abandon that clause in their con
tracts. • . . •
Illuminated by. Judge McPherson's decision it is
plainly seen that an insurance contract might as well
provide that it is to be void if the insured die of any
other disease besides mental disorder. Mental and
physical diseases may come against all human precau
tion, and to bind a man not to die of insanity through
suicide is like binding him not to die of any other
disease. In the nature of things such an, undertaking
is impossible, and such a contract is against good
conscience and public policy.
The Judge has risen above technicality, disregarded
stare decisis, precedent and settled rules, to rise into
the higher atmosphere of legal principles and bring
down therefrom an application of the science that is
as novel as it is necessary to the doing of justice.
It will be seen in the future that the application of
this principle will affect the contractual relation in
other directions, and wherever carried and properly
applied it will be found. serving the ends of pure jus-
tice. ~. ..
"Judge McPherson is a graduate of the law depart
ment of the Iowa Uiyversity, has served as Attorney
General of the State for"two terms and for three terms
in Congress, and was appointed to the bench by
President McKinley.. •'
It is probable that) the genius shown in this deci
sion and the fame of it in the profession will mark
him for still higher judicial preferment.
fifty-first degree of latitude.'.'
'of more than two-thirds .of Manchuria. . As to its
northern portion, there are surely not so many as iooo
Hunting Tunguses and lumbermen' scattered over the
whole. of the territory to the northVbf my Merghen
route, i. e., roughly speaking, to the north of the
It is of! course well known that commercial condi
tions Jn Northern Asia *have changed greatly since
Prince Krapotkin; made his exploration, but the
country itself has not changed; There -may be suffi
cient trade to make it worth while for the Russians
to bid for it since they have seemingly decided"' to
permanently annex the province, but- it -is not likely
the United States or any. of the European nations will
lose much if Russia .'gets, it all '. • . . .; .,,.
ritory. This" is, in a few. words, the general' character
enougrh good food, enough good exercise.
3. For the mind, regular work, work in
the line of your genius and stop when
you are tirecL ,-"-.'
4. After 'you are 40 you may, if you
are not a fool, choose your own rules,
your own medicine and your own food.
But you will find that the more that you
are In the open air and the more you are
with other people the better you will
succeed. You will also find that there is
nothing gained by brooding over failure.
COPYRIGHT,- 190L
XVH.^itE(jTJLAB, HABITS AND RIGHT LIVING.
By the Rev. IDr. Edward Everett Hale.
Good Food, Good Exercise and Good Sleep,
Three Elements in Winning Good .
Health. and Long Life.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
¦•¦•• The San Francisco Call .'",,
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
NEW LAW ON CONTRACTS.
•THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CAM,, THURSDAY, -JJINE 13, 1901.
THURSDAY . ... JUNE^"!^!
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Acdreis All CojnmnaleatioM to W. S. LEAKB, JKinager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 2O4
PUBLICATI05 OFFICE... Mnrket and Third, S. F.
Telephone Prei» 201. . ,•_. .
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press, 202. 7, * _.. .
¦ * / *'. . \ "i ..v
Delivered l»jr Carrier, 1O Cents' Per Weele.
• " Stnarle Copie«. . 5 -'Centii* •¦ •: -¦'¦'-.
Tcrnfn liy Mall. Including; Po»t«s?ei ,v
DAIL.T CALL (Including Sunday), one year.'..:..'.........4*-W
J1AILT CALL, (including ¦ Sunday). 6 months...'.!
DAILT CALL, (including Eunday). 1 . * months. .........^ 1.S0
!\ULY CALL— By Single Month........... ; • " «5c
mCEKKT CALL. One Tear -....: ; ... ..:........••.. ... % 1M
-Ul '• jiostmnstern are nnthortsed^to. reeelTe .
subscriptions./" ~-- ¦
' Cample copies -will be forwarded when requested.
Veil Rjfcreriber* Jn ordering chang* cf, address -should be
r>rt!<-ular to-cive both NETS" AND OLD ADDRESS 1« order
to isEure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
O.UCLASD OFFICE ."lllS Broadway
j. .i • C. GEOIIGE KR.OCJ?:ESS. . ."
y.tzt£ti Fcreiga Advertising, Mtrjuatte Building, Chicago.
«Lcns Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW TORE CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAULTOX Herald Square
I . • NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:. - ...
STHPHES D. SMITH V.3O Tribune BaUdlnc
- \ NEW TORK'XEWS STANDS: - • • •
Waidcrf-Astcria Hotel; A- Brenta.no. SI Union Square:
Murray Hill HcteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Frenntn Hoose; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Tretsfnt House: Auditorium Hotel.
¦WASHINGTON. <D. C> OFFICE 14OO G St.. TS. W.
MORTO.V E. CRANE. Correspondent.
S. ' - -
nHAA'CH OFFICES— 5!7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
t-rtil ?:S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, epen until 8:30 o'clock. 63J
McAllirter. cpen until S:!0 o'clock. 615 Larkln. cpen until
* .30 o'clock. 1911 Minion, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
Taer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
C t;ntll 9 o'clock. 1C« Eleventh, cpen until 9 o'clock. NW.
*^rner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
iT*. FiHmir* . r^rn until 5 p, m.
6
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
. The American Red Kaffir," alwavs rubs
hi3 teeth after a meal with cold wood-aah
from the fireplace; which accounts for tfte
absence of tartar, and the fine 'color .'of- his
teeth. -.-•,.,.-.-..*¦..- *..----'.'
¦ • . ... ,-,
No grippe, no pneumonia in ths early winter,
those who build up their systems after the hot
season by using; Dr.Slegert's Angostura Bitten.
Call glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYI8GT0W3 FOR THE SUMMER.
Call subscribers contemplating a clianse ol
residence during the inamer months can haTo
their paper forvrnrded by mall to their new
Udreiin by notifying The Call Bnilneu Office.
Tki* ptij.cr Trill alao be on sale at all summer
•••ort*' and.- Is represented by. a local ageat la
**l tew»» ok the coast.' • • '.' . v '
AMUSEMENTS.
rrthfram— Vaudeville. ' . •
CVJumbla — "Darry of the Guards."
Alcsznr — "For Bonnie Prlnc* Charlie."
Grand Opera-house— "The Ensures? Theodora."
California— "A Parisian Romance."
<Ontral — "Jim the ITesterner."."
-Tlvoil— "The Toy Maker." - -
Olympia. corner. MaVon and Eddy streets— Specialties. ,
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenirz
Flwher's-*Vaed«»ville. . • • . ""*-
fiutro BathF— Swlmmlns- ' "* ¦
nrr.i-ryville RacetracU-fRaces- to-day.
"AUCTION SALES.
By Fred Chcse— This day. at 11 . a. m.. at 1732 Market
street. Horses. ' . . -.-._.-..
r?y A. M. Scott & Co. — This day, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
S3 Dorr strwt. . .-..-..
By G H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday. June 24, at IS o'clock,
Choice Property, at 14- -Montgomery street.Superintendent Webster desired . to
know if the charges were sworn to, say
ing that there is a definite procedure to
be observed , by law. Miss McKenzie
asked for three days' time N to answer the
charges. Vice-Principal Moores was anx
ious that the charges be heard Immedi
ately, but the hearing nas postponed un
til July 1, 190rT
After the meeting adjourned Director
Kincaid asked Moores if he had any re
port cards, and he admitted that- he had
been rather negligent in their prepara
tion. Moores attributes the failure of so
many pupils to pass the examination to
over-grading. There -were ninety pupils
in the eighth Trade, divided into two sec
tions, over which he and Miss Coleman
presided. He says sixty pupils graduated
during the year out of the 500 In the ten
classes, and ne regards that as a fair
proportion. Director Casserly said that
seven-tenths of the pupils in one section
and two-thirds in the other failed to qual
ify for the high school at the examina
tions. When the hearing comes up on
July 1 the accused. teachers will have the
option of a private or public investiga
tion. Director Kir.caid says It will not
So grave did the board consider , the
charges that it immediately passed a res
olution directing the accused teachers to
appear at a special session In the after
noon for the purpose of replying- to the
complaint. Miss McKenzie and Vice-
Principal Moores were in attendance, and
after the complaint was read they were
asked if they desired to have an imme
diate investigation. . y .
Board Orders an Investigation.
were from the Hancock Grammar School. -
We therefore petition that your board take
such action in the matter and see that Justice
is meted out to our children and that Miss Mc-
Kenzie. the principal of said Hancock Gram
mar School, and < those under her directly re
sponsible, be fully dealt with and removed from
office and from» a* district which can have no
further confidence in them. ."'."--."
Lowell -' High 'School thirty-one or - thereabouts
--Given Half of Cogswell's Estate.
'Judge Troutt made an order. yesterday
distributing one-half of the estate of the
yesterday allowed. $10,000 counsel fees for
services rendered on behalf of the estate.
Riordan.and Blakeman demanded $15,000.
but the court cut them down $5000. Judge
Troutt also reduced the claim of P.
Abrahamson, superintendent • and . man
ager of the realty belonging to the estate,
from $1650 to $750. Otherwise the account
of the executors was ordered settled.
PRINCIPAL OF THE HANCOCK SCHOOL WHO, WITH TWO ASSISTANTS. IS CHARGED BY PARENT#*WITH
HAVING SO CONDUCTED EIGHTH GRADE CLASSES AS TO PREVENT THE PROMOTION OF MANY OF
THE PUPILS TO THE HIGH SCHOOL. ' . ...
late Henry T>. Cogswell to th« widow et
the deceased. Th© court was of opinion
that the remaining half of ' the estate
would be more than ample tcf meet all
claims that might be made against' tha
estate and to satisfy the claims of those
relatives of the deceased who v are now
contesting his will in event" they aecura
a favorable judgment.
TO SAIL..
Attorneys Get Big Fee.
Thomas D. Rlordan and T. Z. Blakeman,
attorneys for. William Alvord,. Edwin R.
L*ande and I.' M. Friedberg, executors 'of
the will of the late Julius Friedman, were
The melting snow of the mountains is
booming the' far-famed falls; the trees
have put on their summer foliage, and
from the high Sierras to the Merced River
in Its picturesque windings through the
valley, the views are magnificent. While
the month of June is a delightful time of
the year In the mountains. It is a hot and
generally dusty one In the plains and
foothills. The choice of a route to the
valley Is therefore worthy of careful con
sideration.. The Big Oak Flat Stage Route
is the most direct to the valley and is
singularly free from dust. The scenery
along the road from the first station at
the .summit of Priest's Hill- to the very
entrance to the, valley cannot be sur
passed. The -travel By this favored route
has increased to such an extent that the
stage company have been obliged to .vast
ly increase their transportation stock and
equipments. Every one who has traveled
over the Bis Oak Flat Route speaks in
highest terms of : tbeir treatment on the
road and at the stopping stations. Leav
ing San Francisco at 8:30 a. m., the tour
ist reaches s the Yo^emite Valley at 5 p. m.
of the following day, the intervening
night being comfortably spent at Priest's,
where the best of everything is provided
at very moderate charges. By. this route
no 'extras for' sleeping-car berths. You
go through by daylight. I and after a re
freshing sleep the first night at the hotel
you are prepared to enjoy the charming
scenery around from start to finish. . Tha
entire length of the stage route is less
than 60 miles— the first ten of which is
made in the cool of the -late afternoon of
the first day. The fare by the Big Oak
Flat Route is lower than that of any
other route. V .
Valley.
Now Is the Time to Visit Yosemile
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
NETTIE B. CBAVEN TVTAKES
' MOTION FOR A TRANSFER
Avers Judge Troutt Is Prejudiced
. Against He» as Evidenced in
Has Decision*.
Mrs. Nettie H. Craven has again made
appearance in the litigtLtion -over the
estate of the late James G. Fair. -She
filed a motion in Judge Troutt' s court yes
terday asking for a transfer from that de
partment of the Superior Court to some
other department of the petition filed by
Theresa A. Oelrichs, Virginia Vanderbilt
and Charles L.. Fair for distribution to
them of the personal property belonging
to the estate of the deceased millionaire.
In her petition for a: transfer Mrs.
Craven that during the hearing of
the petition for the distribution of the per
sor-al property of James- G. Fair's estate
the court will be called upon to determine
the claim of the petitioner that she is the
widow of the deceased. She is entitled to
a ' transfer - of the' case, she says, on ac
count of the prejudice of Judge Troutt,
which she avers is evidenced in his de
cision heretofore filed in the matter of her
application for a ' family allowance, in
which Judge Troutt'held that the law and
the facts"presented during the hearing of,
the case demonstrated to his satisfaction
that the claims of the petitioner were not
based on facts.
Judge Troutt continued the motion for a
transfer of the petition for distribution
until this morning, at which time It will
be argued. One of Mrs. Craven's attor
neys stated yesterday that Mrs. Craven
was financially able to carry on the flght
for a "vindication" for an unlimited time
and, in the opinion of the attorney, would
eventually accomplish her purpose. 1 **
Mrs. Craven's petition was signed by
Pence & Pence. W. W.'Foote, S. C. Den
son and A. Ruef. . ,
Bids for the contract to improve Manila
harbor will be opened in that city on the
first of August. The States en
gineers estimate that the work proposed
will cost $3,000,OCO, and the expenditure of
that sum of \ money is \ authorized. It is
expected that leading 1 contractors of " the
United States, will be represented at the
opening of the proposal j The competi-~
tion is limited to citizens of the United
States and residents of the Philippine
Islands.' * ; . - • •¦•-,-
D. E. Melllss, a well-known civil engin
eer, and president of the Philippine De
velopment Company, a corporation com
posed of leading capitalists of San Fran
cisco, will bid on the proposed work. He
will sail to-morrow on the steamship Gae-j
lie in order to arrive in Manila before the
day designated for opening the proposal's,
ypon his arrival in Manila he will re
ceive information in detail from two en
gineers who sailed for the Philippines
some weeks ago. The 'company which
Dr. Melliss represents owns the exclusive
right to use in the Philippines the Bower
system of hydraulic dredging. •
' The United * States engineers under
whose direction the work will proceed
expect to sail on the Gaelic to-morrow.
San Francisco ]\ Capitalists
Will Be. Represented in
\ the Bidding.
Engineers Estimate % the
Cost at Three Mil
lion Dollars.' \
MANILA HARBOR
TO BE IMPROVED
Parents Accuse Miss McKehzie/G.W^
E. Coleman, of the Hancock Grammar School, of Failure
to Properly Do the Work Prescribed in Course of Study
CHARGE THE PRINCIPAL AND TEACHERS
WITH GROSS NEGLECT OF PUPILS
FROM SEATTLE.
* Offers That Come Seldom.
;Trom the stock of the Brown Clothing-
Company— ?20 men's suits for $4 65 a suit/
Do' not delay,,;but come, at once.' These
suits are all . wool , : different shades J and
stylfefi, and only ¦_ $4 65. v At '¦ the ' assignee
salo of the Boston, 773 Market street, near
Fourth. .-¦- v ••' • •
"An •autopsy}' by Mprgue j Surgeon . - Baci
galupi yesterday upon the body of j Mrs.
Catherine ,* Secchitano • disclosed ' septic
peritonitis, probably following; a criminal
operation. An inquest win be held.
Death, to Be Investigated.
We have Jus* received a.' large* stock of
the ; newest novelties in writing, papers,
consisting ' of the "Peau d'Antilope,"
"Carrara . Marmor ' and ~."L4nen Lawn"
papers, all of. which are made In' new and
pretty, sizes. Monogram* dies made and
paper stamped. Sanborn, Vail & Co.: 741
Market street. , •
New Writing Papers.
The St'Alban's Literary and Social So
ciety will give its regular monthly enter
tainment . at Golden Gate Hall, 623
Sutter street, \ to-night. ' Reginald Ttav
ers of the Frawley Company will make
his first appearance with the ' society in
the: - farce ¦ comedy, "Aunt Amanda.' 1
Dancing will conclude the evening's en
tertalnment. a
Literary Society Promises* Treat.
. Mrs. Rosie Block; the "second Carrie
Nation." was convicted by Judge Mogan
yesterday on the charge of malicious mis
chief for breaking the windows 'in M.
Weinberg's grocery at 1044 Folsom street
because her husband spent - his . evenings
there. The Judge reserved sentence until
this morning, and advised the woman to
defray the expense of putting in new
panes of glass, remarking:' "We want no
Carrie . Nation here." The I woman's hus
band' wanted *a warrant for Weinbergr's
arrest for selling liquor without a license,
but the Judge refused to issue it, aa the
complaint s was made through spite, he
said.- . ,-. " ' ••¦ ' - ' '¦ .¦ . ...
Mrs. Block Convicted.
THURSDAY. JUNE 13.
Sun rises "........... 4:47
Sun sets • .7:32
Moon rises .' ...2:11 a. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition ! of the tides
the early morning tides are given • in the left
hand column and ¦ the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but^ three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when - a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given .is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. «The plane of reference Is
the mean of the lower low waters.
'4-f 4'."«~4"«"»"i"i~*"4' » * * * 4 * * * * » * * * *
r ¦
proceeded. June 13 — Stmr Germanic, from New
York, for Liverpool, and proceeded. . " .
LIZARD— Passed June 12— Stmr Fuerst B!b
marck, from New York, for Plymouth, Cher
bourg and Hamburg.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
THE parents of pupils attending
the Hancock Grammar School
filed a complaint with the Board
of Education yesterday morning,
charging Miss Margaret M. Me-
Kenzie, principal of the school;Vice-Prin
cipal C. W. Moores and Miss F. E. Cole
man, teacher of the eighth grade, with
gross neglect and incompetence. The
pedagogues are accused of having neg
lected the work prescribed in the course
cf -study, -which resulted in many of the
pupils failing to pass the- examinations
for entrance to the high schools. The
compleint was read at the meeting of the
board, and is as follows:
The undersigned parents and guardians of
pupils attending the Hancock Grammar School
respectfully show that during the entire term
just ended the pupils of the eighth grade of
said Hancock School have been willfully and
Stmr Columbia. Dcran, Astoria. -
Stmr Empire, Macgenn. Coos Bay.
Stmr Greenwood, Fasrerlund, -— .
Stmr Del Korte. Green. Crescent City.
Ptmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Br ship Dovenby Hall. Wlckham. Antwerp.
Bktn Geo C Perkins. Jensen, Honolulu.
Schr Mayflower. Goodmansen. Coquille River.
Fchr Helen, Lockhart, St Michael.
Schr Repeat. Olsen. Columbia River
Schr Lizzie Vance, Olsen, Grays Harbor. •
' Schr Bessie K. Petersen. Seattle.
Schr Mary E Russ, Nyman, Coos Bay.
Schr Monterey. Beck. Coos Bay.
SPOKEN.
June S. la.t 26 50 N. Ion 74 18 W— Br ship
H Mltch fr °£ f N ? f ffr^Br ship
i f o°n r frw^x
Cawdon hence Feb 13. for Queenstown.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 12, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 12 miles pec, hour.
'- DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived June' 12— Stmr Pomona,
hence June 11: schr Maid of Orleans, hence
Sailed June 12— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
° SI3ATTLE— Arrived June 12— Stmr Chas Nel
son, from Skasuay.
NEHALEM RIVER— Sailed June 9— Tug Geo
R Votttrg, with barge Chas J Wheeler In tow,
f °HIL<>- Arrived May 26— Bark Roderick Dhu,
COQUII&.E' RIVER— Arrived June 12— Stmr
M TlcO^Ai?Sa^d Ma May 12-Chll .bark To-
Fe pORT G AMBLE-Salled May 12-Bktn Gard
ln TACOMA-^SalIed June 12— Stmr Matteawan.
for San Krancteco.
EASTERN PORT. \
NORFOLK. Va-Salled June 11— Ship Benj
F Packard, for Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
OTSTER HARBOR— To sail June 11— Br stmr
Wyefield, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived June 10— Stmr Peru,
hence May 11. ' • _ . _,.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed June 12— Ship
Euterpe, fir San "Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Arrived May 23— Br ehlp
Edenballymore. from Newcastle. NSW, for
Portland. Or. . ¦ „¦,
ST LUCIA— Arrived May 12— Stmr Pleldes,
from Philadelphia, and sailed May 14 for Sao
Francisco (out In for coal).
HONGAY— Sailed May 8— Br ship Brabloch,
for Orpzon. „ '
MANILA— Arrived Iun« 11— Br Btmr St Bed*,
from Astoria, Or.
YOKOHAMA- Sailed June 8— Br stmr Vic
toria, for Tacoma. ¦ • v
Arrived May 15— Jap Btmr Toza Maru, from
Seattle.
ANTWERP— Arrived June 11— Br bark 6a
fala. from Tacoma. ¦ , ' •
LONDON— Arrived June 11— Br *hip Clan
Mocpherson, from Tacoma.
PORT SAID— Arrived June 11— 3r Btmr B-.r
derer. from Norfolk, for • Manila.
VENTNOR — Passed June 10 — Ger ship Schlff
bek, from Hamburp, for \ Santa ,Ro«.alia,
HAMBURG— Arrived June 12— Br Bhip Prov
ince, from Astoria.
NANAIMO— Arrived June 11— Nor Btmr Tlia
nla, hence June 7: etmr Mlneola. from Port
Los Angeles.,
OCEAN STEAMERS. . .
NEW YORK— Arrived I June 12— Stmr Peru
vian, from GIrbzow. . ,¦
Sailed June 12 — Stmr Andorivalll. from Port
land, Or. via Yokohama.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 12— Stmr liusi
tania, from Montreal. I
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 12— Stmr Ulto
nia. from Liverpool, for Boston. '. ' ¦ ¦
6OUTHAMTPTON — Sailed June 12— Stmr
Ultonia, from Liverpool, for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed June 12 — Stmr
ser Wllhelm der Grosse, from Boston, for New
York. " *
CHERBOURG — Sailed June 12 — Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm der Grosse, from Bremen, ; for New
York. ' ...
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to June 12— Stmr
Peru, from San I Francisco," via Honolulu and
Yokohama. __. ¦ • • - ' . • " '. v ¦ - " •
- QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 12— Stmr Com
monwealth, from Boston, - for - Liverpool, and
We further call your attention to the fact
that the other schools throughout the city were
eminently successful in the examinations given
by your honorable board at the various high
schools and of the fifty-seven or thereabouts
that failed to pass the examinations at the
We further allege that the said school has
been grossly and willfully mismanaged in that
the eight grade pupils falling to acquire 70 per
cent In the average yearly class work were kept
back and refused the opportunity to take the
examinations at the High School in direct vio
lation of the resolution passed by your honor
able board on March 8. 1 1901.
Grossly Mismanaged.
rrossly neglected, and . Improperly taught In
the work . prescribed for them by your board;
that the course in language, grammar and Eng
lish has been especially neglected. In that
neither "Snowbound" . nor "Thanatopsls" hava
been taught at all, as they were required to
be by the course of study; that we have not re
ceived the monthly reports as required by rule
75 of the rules of the Board of Education and
of the public schools of San Francisco.
be in the sense of a trial, as the complaint
has not teen sworn to.
Non-Union Bids Are Rejected.
The tid^of Mysell-Rollins for certain de
partment printing was rejected because
itt is a . non-unifln ¦ house.
Mrs. J. D. 'Cooper was retired as a
teacher in the department at her own re
quest In order That she may avail herself
of the annuity act. ,'
Mrs. Fordyce, janitress of. the Irving
Scott School, was dismissed and Miss M.
E. Clark appointed to the vacancy. Miss
M. Kelley . was appointed janitress of the
Winfield Scott School. Leaves of absence
were granted to Miss M. E. Callahan,
Miss K. T. Callahan and Miss K. C.
Fay.
The board deferred for two weeks the
recommendation of the Board of Exami
nation that certificates for stenography
of the high school gTade be granted to
Miss Garbarino and Miss Rademaker.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of" the Superintendent.
NOTK— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of, tide is the same at both places.
SAILED.
Wednesday. June 12.
Stmr Queen. Thomas. San Dieso.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. June 12.
Br etmr Milton, " Rainey. Nanalmo; John Eo
•enfeld's Eons. '
Bark Coloma. Hicks, Salinas Cruz; C A
Horr*^ & Co. . ' _••
Bktn W H Dltnond, Hansen. Honolulu: J D
Spreckeis & Bros Co.
Bktn BenJcla. Bowes, Honolulu; 'Williams,
Dtoond & Co.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, June XZ.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, 15 hours from Fort
Bra£g.
fctmr TVhitesboro. Olsen, 14 hours from
Whitesboro.
Stmr National City. Dettmers, 14 hours from
Fort Bragr-
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 45 hours from
Fan Pedro.
Stmr Proereso. Parker. S5 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck, 5 days from Port
land and way rwrts.
Stmr Xewbure. Peterson. 63 hours from
Grays Harbor.
U S stmr Oregon, Thomas, 8 days from
Honolulu.
U S sttnr Wisconsin, Rieter, 65 hours from
Port Orchard.
Br sunr Condor. Anderson, 78 hours from Ta
corna.
Schr Newark. Cransle, 12 hours from Fish
Rock.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping- Merchants.
Tlie Halcyon will load lumber at Grays Har
'oor and merchandise at this port for Mexico;
the Peerlers, lumber at Gray's Harbor for,!
Hanta Rosalia. ,
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Mail Company's overdue steamship
City of Kara arrived from Panama late
Tuesday night. She was delayed by head
winds. The Acapulco. now being cleaned
and painted on the Union Iron Works dry
dock will go out on the Para's run.
The British tramp steamer Condor is
completing her load pf lumber and rail
road ties for Guayaquil.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
has put the Cottage City on the Alaskan
excursion run in place of the Spokane.
The latter vessel, built especially for the
trade, cannot be completed owing- to the
strike. The City of Topeka and the AI-
Ki will also run during the season on
the Alaskan route.
The ¦ battleship Wisconsin is expected
from Puget Sound to-morrow or Satur
day. On her arrival, San Francisco, for
the first time in its history, will have
three first-class battleships in port.
Water Front Notes.
The ship Governor Robie, fifty-seven
days from Newcastle. N. S. W., arrived
at Honolulu on June 2, leaking badly.
The schooner Laura Pike sailed from
Honolulu on May 26 for Eureka in ballast.
During heavy weather she sprang a leak
and had to put back.
Two Vessels Leaking.
The ex-transport Arab will be ready for
sea again soon.- She left here for lla
rila with a cargo of horses, but broke
down soon after leaving port and had to
put back. An examination showed that
nearly all her furnaces were down, and
the owners haci to send East for new
ones. When the furnaces arrived the ma
chinists' strike was on and the steamship
was tied up again. Captain Nelson, one
of the owners, has been negotiating with
the strikers ever since, and^ finall}- per
euaded a gang of them to^go to work at
their own figures yesterday. It will not
take long to get the furnaces in, and then
the Arab will get away from San Fran
cisco as Quickly as possible.
In spite of the strike, work is progres
sing slowly on. the Alaskan. Spokane,
Alameda and Sonoma, while the masts
have been removed from the Otto Gilde
meister and the vessel is being got into
shape again.
Repairs on the Arab.
The officers of the General Erisbie are:
captain. George Wheeler; pilot. Clarence
Fulton; chief engineer, James O'Xeill;
first assistant engineer, H. James; pur
ser, C. X. Hatch, and chief steward.tE.
M. Keith. Mr. Keith was with Captain
Hatch on the Sound fifteen years ago.
The Frisbie is owned by Hatch Bros.,
owners of the Monticello. The latter
boat is to be overhauled and will run to
Vallejo and on excursions in conjunction
with the General Frisbie.
The General Frisbie Is named after the
founder of Vailejo, who, years ago,
named the town alter his father-in-law,
General Vallejo. She is 170 feet over all,
26 feet beam, 13 feet deep, and Is licensed
to carry 450 passengers. On occasion,
however, a special license can be pro
cured to carry twice that number of peo
ple and then the steamship would not be
crowded. Everything that can possibly
conduce to the comfort of the passengers
has been provided, and the Frisbie is
already a favorite with Vallejo people.
She can make the run in an hour and "a
half, and with wind and tide against her
under the two hours.
The hull of the new steamship was built
at New Whatcom in the yards of the Bel
lingham Bay Improvement Company.
When completed she was loaded with
lumber and towed to San Franoisco. Her
engines and boilers were built and in
stalled by the United Engineering Works
and the Keystone Boiler Works, while
the electric light plant was put In by
Herzog & Dahl. The engines are of the
torpedo boat pattern and 1000 indicated
horsepower.
The handsome new steamship General
Frisbie had her owner's trial yesterday.
She was built for the Vallejo trade, and
was expected to make fifteen knots an
hour. On the run to Vallejo and back
yesterday she averaged* sixteen and one
half knots, and Captain Hatch says that
when the engines are" in perfect working
order she will do better than seventeen
knots.
Former Army Transport I
Arab's Repairs Being
Made.
The General Prisbie Is
a Very Speedy
Steamship. #
VALLEJO'S NEW
BOAT A FLIER
United ( States Coast and Survey—
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day — '
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p.- m., Greenwich time.- ? *¦ '¦ %•¦
J. C, BURNETT. ;
Lieutenant, U. S. N., retired. In charge.
.'.¦-¦ - * i ¦ . . • ' ' ¦ .
; - , Sun, -Moon and Tide.; *'.'; f^it
. ' Time Ball.
Branch ' Hydrogrraphic Office, ¦ XJ. S. N., Mer
. chants'. Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
June 12, 1901. • * . '«.. - •
THE SAN FKANCISOb ; OALIii -THURSDAY, JUNE. 13,^1901.
7
Steamer. ]
From.
Due.
Acme
Colombia.:
Eureka
Ratnler
Point Arena....
Corona
Santa Rosa
H'kongr Maru..
G. W. KIder
Pomona
Bristol
Despatch...
Hawaiian
Arcata
Mattcwan
Umatllla...:...
Wyefleld
Queen
Bonlta
Titanla....
Crescent City..
San Juan
Mandalay......
Czarina
Washtenaw....
Empire
Columbia
Sisulaw River
Valparaiso & Way Pts
Humboldt .'..-..
Seattle & N. Whatcom
Point Arena
Newport '. :..
San Diego — '
China and Japan
Portland and Astoria. .
iHumboldt
Oyster Harbor
San Pedro
Honolulu ................
Coos Bay
Tacoma "...
Puget Sound Ports .....
Comox ..
San Diego .............
San Pedro & 'Way Pts
Nanaimo
Crescent~Clty. ...........
Panama & Way Ports.
Coquille River
Seattle and Tacoma. ... i
Seattle .
Coos Bay
Portland and Astoria..
June 13
June 13
June 13
June 13
Jun.e 13
June 13
June 13
June 14
June 14
June 14
June 15
June 15
June 15
June IS
June 15
June 18
June 16
June 16
June 16
June 17
June 17
June 18
June 18
June 18
June IS
June 18
June 19
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
| Pier.
Santa. Barb...
Acme...
Alliance
North Fork..
Gaelic
Newburg
Despatch.'....
Rival
Walla Walla.
Noyo
Corona
Point Arena..
Eureka
June 13.
Humboldt
Siuslaw River
' June 14. * .
Portl'd & Coos Bay
Humboldt
China and Japan..
June IB. j
Grays Harbor ....
Seattle & FairVn.
Willapa Harbor ..
Puget Sound : Ports
Humboldt
Newport
Point Arena ......
Humboldt .*...
June 16. , -
Humboldt
San Diego
Jane 17.
Astoria, & Portland
Seattle & N. What
Valparaiso & Way
Coos Bay ......
Jane 18.
San • Pedro '...... '..
Panama & Way..
Jnne 1O. ¦
San Diego :..
Jnne 2O. !
Sydney & Way Pts
Puget Sound Ports]
Seattle & Tacoma.
5 pm
11 am
S pm
9 am
1 pm
5 pm
6 pm
6 pm
11 am
5 pm
9 am
2 pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 1<5
Pier 2
PUSS
Pier 2
Pier M
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier a
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pomona
Santa Rosa.. .
. ¦ ¦ i
1:30 p
9 am
Pier 9
Pier 11
G. W. Elder..
Rainier.. \
Colombia...'..
Arcata
11am
5 pm
12 m
12 m
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 10
Pier 13
Bonlta........
Acapulco.....
9 am
12 m
Pier 11
PMSS
Queen.........
I 9 am
Pier 11
Sonoma
Umatllla
Czarina......
10 am
11-am
6 pm
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pier 8
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
AlkJ Skagruay & WayPorts.
Chan. Nelson.. Bkaguay & Way Ports.
Jeanle. ........'. Nome ¦ direct . . . :\ . ..
Nome City..... Nome, Teller & Topkuk
Dolphin........ Skaguay & Way P^rts.
City of Seattle. Skaguay & "Way Ports.
City of Topeka Rkapuay & Way Ports.
Victorian. . .... Skafjuay. & Way ' Ports.
Farallon.. Skaguay & Way Ports.
June 14
June 15
June 15
June IS
June 16
June 18
June 19
June 22
June 22
~ Time Time Time : ~~-
Datc Ft. Ft. Ft.
L. W H'W t L, W
[T7.. 1:44 0.4 8:24 4.1 1:14 2.1
U' .. 2:40-0.2 9:30 4.3 2:08 2.4
14... 3:33—0.8 10:34 4.4 .3:00 2.6
15. .. 4:20—1.1 11:29 4.8 3:50 2.8
16... 6:10—1.4 12:19 4.8 4:42 2.8
17 ... 5:58—1.8 , 1:09 4.9 5:37 3.0
L8 ... 6:43—1.1 1:54 5.0 6:30 ' 3.1
H W . L. W H'W
19... 0:39 6.0 7:39—0.8 2:40 6.2
Time
H "W
Ft.
7:46
8:30
9:18
10:06
10:55
11:43
«.2
6.4
6.8
6.7
6.6
6.4
ij" w
7:35
2.9
Steamer. ]
From.
Due.
Acme
Colombia.:
Eureka
Ratnler
Point Arena....
Corona
Santa Rosa
H'kongr Maru..
G. W. KIder
Pomona
Bristol
Despatch...
Hawaiian
Arcata
Mattcwan
Umatllla...:...
Wyefleld
Queen
Bonlta
Titanla....
Crescent City..
San Juan
Mandalay......
Czarina
Washtenaw....
Empire
Columbia
Sisulaw River
Valparaiso & Way Pts
Humboldt .'..-..
Seattle & N. Whatcom
Point Arena
Newport '. :..
San Diego — '
China and Japan
Portland and Astoria. .
iHumboldt
Oyster Harbor
San Pedro
Honolulu ................
Coos Bay
Tacoma "...
Puget Sound Ports .....
Comox ..
San Diego .............
San Pedro & 'Way Pts
Nanaimo
Crescent~Clty. ...........
Panama & Way Ports.
Coquille River
Seattle and Tacoma. ... i
Seattle .
Coos Bay
Portland and Astoria..
June 13
June 13
June 13
June 13
Jun.e 13
June 13
June 13
June 14
June 14
June 14
June 15
June 15
June 15
June IS
June 15
June 18
June 16
June 16
June 16
June 17
June 17
June 18
June 18
June 18
June IS
June 18
June 19
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
| Pier.
Santa. Barb...
Acme...
Alliance
North Fork..
Gaelic
Newburg
Despatch.'....
Rival
Walla Walla.
Noyo
Corona
Point Arena..
Eureka
June 13.
Humboldt
Siuslaw River
' June 14. * .
Portl'd & Coos Bay
Humboldt
China and Japan..
June IB. j
Grays Harbor ....
Seattle & FairVn.
Willapa Harbor ..
Puget Sound : Ports
Humboldt
Newport
Point Arena ......
Humboldt .*...
June 16. , -
Humboldt
San Diego
Jane 17.
Astoria, & Portland
Seattle & N. What
Valparaiso & Way
Coos Bay ......
Jane 18.
San • Pedro '...... '..
Panama & Way..
Jnne 1O. ¦
San Diego :..
Jnne 2O. !
Sydney & Way Pts
Puget Sound Ports]
Seattle & Tacoma.
5 pm
11 am
S pm
9 am
1 pm
5 pm
6 pm
6 pm
11 am
5 pm
9 am
2 pm
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 1<5
Pier 2
PUSS
Pier 2
Pier M
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier a
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pomona
Santa Rosa.. .
. ¦ ¦ i
1:30 p
9 am
Pier 9
Pier 11
G. W. Elder..
Rainier.. \
Colombia...'..
Arcata
11am
5 pm
12 m
12 m
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 10
Pier 13
Bonlta........
Acapulco.....
9 am
12 m
Pier 11
PMSS
Queen.........
I 9 am
Pier 11
Sonoma
Umatllla
Czarina......
10 am
11-am
6 pm
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pier 8
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
AlkJ Skagruay & WayPorts.
Chan. Nelson.. Bkaguay & Way Ports.
Jeanle. ........'. Nome ¦ direct . . . :\ . ..
Nome City..... Nome, Teller & Topkuk
Dolphin........ Skaguay & Way P^rts.
City of Seattle. Skaguay & "Way Ports.
City of Topeka Rkapuay & Way Ports.
Victorian. . .... Skafjuay. & Way ' Ports.
Farallon.. Skaguay & Way Ports.
June 14
June 15
June 15
June IS
June 16
June 18
June 19
June 22
June 22
~ Time Time Time : ~~-
Datc Ft. Ft. Ft.
L. W H'W t L, W
[T7.. 1:44 0.4 8:24 4.1 1:14 2.1
U' .. 2:40-0.2 9:30 4.3 2:08 2.4
14... 3:33—0.8 10:34 4.4 .3:00 2.6
15. .. 4:20—1.1 11:29 4.8 3:50 2.8
16... 6:10—1.4 12:19 4.8 4:42 2.8
17 ... 5:58—1.8 , 1:09 4.9 5:37 3.0
L8 ... 6:43—1.1 1:54 5.0 6:30 ' 3.1
H W . L. W H'W
19... 0:39 6.0 7:39—0.8 2:40 6.2
Time
H "W
Ft.
7:46
8:30
9:18
10:06
10:55
11:43
«.2
6.4
6.8
6.7
6.6
6.4
ij" w
7:35
2.9
PETITION- IN INSOLVENCY.— Ernll Cohn.
shoe dealer. San Francisco, filed a petition in
insolvency yesterday. In tha United States Dis-
trict Court. He owes $1709 and has $960 assets.
ADVERTISESIiasrTS.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS, v^S
¦- GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best iNATU RAH Alkaline Water;
LAST WEEK OF
Florence Roberts
Supported by "White Whittlesey. In Julia
Marlowe's Success.
For Bonnie Prince Charlie.
S • . Orchestra, first 6 rows. 75c.- v •
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Week-FLORENCE ROBERTS as
COUNTESS VALESKA.
VAUDEVILLE'S fflGB-WATER MARK.
EZRA K1ENDALL.
GARDNER AND MADDERN, ' DOHERTY
SISTERS. THE TOBINS, SPENSER KEL-
LY. HINES AND REMINGTON. FLOR-
ENCE BINDLEY, FLATT AND SUTHER-
LAND. .
THE BIOGRAPH.
Reserved Seats 25c: Balcony 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box Seats 50c. ¦ " •
I Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
I ACTB^RGfltN fflattnee
liAOl TO-DAY.
Reserved— 25c and 60c'
THIS WEEK.
GOOD-BY PERFORMANCES
0/4 * OF THE FAVORITES.
7V1R, JAMES ISEILIw
And the NEIL.L. Company.
BY SPECIAL REQUEST. *
A PARISIAN
ROMANCE.
KIND PERMISSION OF . ..
MR. RICHARD MANSFIELD.
EVKNING 25c. 33c, 50c. 75c U.00
.LAST SATURDAY MAT. June 15— 25c, 50c. 75c.
BELASCO*~°TriALC&s- p rtH&
" W «Nnanrtuu
: '_ 1 TO-NIGHT AND ALL*. THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A BIG HIT— The Fascinating. Melodrama.
_ffjW I "6ne of the best 1
*~_T ' 9 _ 1 *..\ American plays ever I
THE \ \'™^" ¦ ¦¦¦; i
WESTERNER.
PttlCPI Evenings......*. .10c. ; 15c.\25c. 35c. SOo
raided Matinees '..............10c. 15c. He
Next "Week— Nellie McHenry's | Great Success^
"A NIGHT AT THE CIRCUS." « I
OL YMfIA £?zi%2&n
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HO.USB I
IN THE. CITY. .
FRANk~BARTON.
j . The Real Thins in Rastlme.
~ ¦ '
BTHEL BARLOW,
¦ ; The $W,000 ¦ Beauty.
. -' -Last Week * of the : Wonderful ; • •
SAMAYOAS*
And the Greatest Aerial Act In 'the World.
An! Our CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
.MATINEE "EVERT SUNDAY) • vi-
• AMATEUR NIOHT EVERY FRIDAY.
'7 ADMISSION FREE. ' • L . .
RACING! RACING I RACING!
.^SPRING MEETING^-Ope'nins; April 29. .
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CL.UJS. '
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
' Racine Monday,* Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day." Friday and Saturday. - Rain or shin*.
Five or more races each day. • ' ;
1 Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
13:30,. 1,- 1:30, '2. '2:30 and 2 p, m.; coonectlnc
¦ with • trains stopping at the - entrance , to the
track. Last two, cars" on train reserved for
ladles and. their escorts; no smoking, .Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound, All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenus
electric cars at. Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains vta'Alamrda mole con-
nect with San Pablo - avenua cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track In fifteen minute*.
I . Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:13 and
4:45 p.'m.-and Immediately after tha last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY.. Secretary.;
• , . WWHHKT IIW W TW HUIIIU « Mill CK. CWUMTI -
||i||he blackness of Monday is for-
lyjl gotten when the housekeeper
llieil views on Tuesday the snowr
drift of linen that has been washed
white with Ivory So*p/ It floats*
ONCy A DOLLAR
A WEEK
• for a gentleman's stylish
ond well-tailored suit of
clothes made to order.
; Lots of new cloths to
select from.
128-132 Eili» St.-5anFr»nclsM
free TlrewbrKs
„. Until July 4 , we will, present
free to every purchaser of a ,
MONROE CAMERA
| a choice box of I assorted fire-
works similar to illustration: • .
N6.~2 Monroe. Camera, former-
ly $5.00, reduced to... .$2.5O
We have hundreds of camera
bargains and have a large as- •
sortment of Photo Supplies at
the lowest prices in San Fran-
¦ cisco. •
MORqscers
ORAND' OPfclSA HOUSE
PROFESSION AT. MATINEE TO-DAT. .
SOUVENIR PHOTOGRAPH of MR. MAO
DOWEIXi to Every One Attending This
Performance.
Usual Matinees - Saturday and Sunday.
BALANCE ' OF ¦ THIS WEEK. <¦ \
ANOTHER -TREMENDOUS HIT.
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL'
Supported by FLORENCE 8TONE. la i
SARDOTTS WONDERFUL. PLvAT, I
"THE EMPRESS THEODORA!"
Most Elaborate Production la th» City.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 2Sc, 50c, 730.
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees 23c. .
, Branch " Ticket Office — Emporium.
Next Week— MELBOURNE MACDOWELL. la
"GISMONDA."
*Tiyjji.i*
• "STILL DEUGHTTNQ BIG CROWDS."-
EVENINGS AT 8. .-¦..•: -
ALL THE CHILDREN WILL RECEIVE
TOTS.
INOTflER TOY SOUVENIR MATINEE
en SATURDAY, Jane 15th.
THE
TOY MAKER!
POPULAR PRICES ZSe and Ms
Telephone — Bush t.
VULU IvljEJj A IEADI3Q THEATRE
EVERY NIGHT (EXCEPT SUNDAY).
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
HENRYMILLER
And a Strong Supporting Cast in the New
Romantic Play.
DARCY OF -THE GUARDS.
X Story of 1777 by Louis Evan Shipman,
Next Week— Far%well Performance. \T.
" Next~TT?ek— Farewell Performances: : -% ";i
First 3 Nights and Wednesday Matinee
- .......: "Darcy of the Guards"
Wednesday Nterht.. :.." .'.........:...;.
-..."The Importance of Being Earnest"
Remainder of Week
• ...Last Times Here of "HearUeaae"
CHUTES and ZOO
Special To-Night.
THE AMATEURS
LADIES'
LIFTING CONTEST.
Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
BASEBALL.f
SACRAMENTO vs. OAKLAND.
TO-DAY. Friday and Saturday :
AT 3il"5 p. 7V\.
SUNDAY AT 2:3O P. M.' . -
RECREATION PARK.
. , - Eighth and Harrison streets. "
E*T<!rUT7R*<5 CONCERT HOUSK.
CHARITY MARTIN. G. & Wanrall. MatlldlU
and Ballet. Katheiine Krleg and Minn!* Huff.
Carrol. Gravllle and Graham and Sam Hold-
worth.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matloes Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHT^.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to II p. m.
Bathing- from 7 a.,m. to 10:» p. m.
ADMISSION 10c CHILDREN 6c.
Bathtnx. Including admission. 25c; children. 30e.
UPALACE HOTEL^
Vial tow to Ban fmnetsco who maka
- their headauartem ; at these hotels «a- '
" Joy. comfort! and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca.
, tlon." courteous attaches sad unequal «<•
cuisine. American and European plans.
HOTEL>
ADvJ^TISjsMJKINTS. •_
\} S h' di l*f^TTB»
JLJCU8BMSNTS.OAKLAND RACETRACK - Wednes
day, June 12, 1901.— Weather fine.
Track fast. • . <
2590. FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; maiden
two-year-old fillies; purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2S48 Prestene. 115 Ruiz 3 11 ... In
2563 Flattered, 110 ..Hoar 2 3 Va ... 2%
25SO You You, 115.. Bassinger 7 4 1 ... 3 2
2548 Knockings, 110.. McCarty 4 2 h ... 4 2
2344 Quadra, 115...Fauntleroy 6 5 1 ... 5 5
2513 Pheny L, 105 Fogg 9 9 ... 6%
2567 Addle D, 105...... Rowan 8 6 1 ... 7 1
2567 Cathello. 105... Alexander 1 7 % ... 81
2567 Sue Robinson. 105.. Collls 6 8 V4 ... 9
Time— %. :25; %'. :50. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner, G. Summers & Co.'s
blk. f. by Imp. Prestonpans-Bena. Prestene got
the best ride. Flattered ran her race. Knock-
Ings quit badly. Sue Robinson ran a shocking
race. - -; . • ¦ - -- •.
Betting— Prestene, 13-2; Flattered, 13-5; You
You, 3; Knockings, 5; Quadra, 8; Pheny L, 60;
Addle D. 100; Cat hello. 15; Sue Robinson, 13-2.
2591. SECOND RACE— Futurity. course; sell
ing; four-year-olds and up; purse, $300. " ' ¦ -
Index, Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. FinX
•2577 First Shot. 4, 109.Bassgr 135 lhlh*
2564 & of Tarsus. 4. 113.. Ruiz 2 2 V6 2 VA 2 hi
2579 Monda, 5, 111 Hazard 9 4 1 3n 3 1
(255S)Mead. Lark, a, lll.Alxdr 7 5 n 4 3 4 5
2573 I Dt. Know, a, lll.Bergn 8 9 5 5 % 5 %
2559 Dr.-Nembula, 5, 111. Colls 4 7 % 6 Vi 6 Vt
(2440)L. CTleveden. 4. 107.Hoar 5 U 71 7 1
2511 Boardman. 5, lll.RomerolO 10 .8 2 8 3
2440 Yg. Morello, 4, H2.McCty 3 6 % 9 4 9 6
2060 Merry Boy. a. Hl..TulIet 6 8 % 10 10
2560 No via, 6, 109..... Russell Left ... ...
Time— To M, :21^; to %, :46; last %.' 1:02;
short %,- 1:12. Good start except Novia. Won
first three driving. Winner, . P. Moore's b. g.
by imp. Foul Shot-Gratitude. Long delay at
post hurt chances of Lou CUeveden. First
Shot ran a game race. Saul of Tarsus was
well handled. Monda closed stoutly. Scratched
—Guilder 111. ,
Betting— First Shot, 5; ' Saul i of Tarsus, 3;
Monda, 20; Meadow Lark, 4; I Don't Know, 30;
Dr. Nembula, 10; Lou Clleveden, 5; Boardman,
200; Young Morello, 30; Merry Boy, 13; Novia, 6.
2592. THIRD RACE— Mile and a quarter;
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse. $300.
Index, Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2572 Faunette, a. 105..Alexndr 4 7 3 V& 1 1 .
2072 Kastaine. 5, 105.... Prior 3 3 h 2 Vz 2 n
2573 Flamero. 5. 107....Collia 1 1 2 Ih 3 3
2361 Burdock. 4, 106. ..Russell 7.4 n 4 1 4 6
2568 Sisquoc, 4, 103....Tullett 5 2 3 5 5 5,5
2433 Whaleback," 6, llO.Romro 6 5% 62 6 3
2565 Sunello. 4, 103 Hoar 2 65 7 7.
Time— %. :25; %. :50; %. 1:15: mile, 1:42;
l%m. 2:09. Good start." Won handily. Second
and third driving. Winner, H. Benzlnger . &
Co.'s b. m. . by Sir Dlxon-Fauna. Faunette
much the best. She was lucky to get through
In stretch, but won" handily from there on..
Kastaine ran a fair race. So did Flamero.
Scratched— Ringmaster 107.
Betting— Faunette, 5; Kastaine, 10; Flamero,
7-2; Burdock, 7-2; Sisquoc, 15; Whaleback, 30;
Sunello, 11-5. ....
2593. FOURTH RACE— Six and a half fur
longs; four- year-olds and up; purse, $300..
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St.* V,. Str. Fin.
2576 Montallade, a, lOT.Russel 2 3 2 12 13
• 2575 Gibraltar, a, 113.... Ruiz 5 5 10 2 % 2 3
2579 Decoy, 4, 107.. Alexander 3 4 2 4 n 3 3
2571 Rlnaldo. «. 100 Hoarllh 6 8 4 2%
2579 Tlburon. 5, 10O... Butler 4 2% 3n 5 8
2547 The Buffoon, 4, lOO.Prlor 7 7 6 2.61
2529 F. Duffy, 4, 103..Tullett 6 6 % 7 7
Time— 1-16. :07; V*. =24; Vt. :4S^; %. 1:14; 6%f.
1:21. Good, start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, D. S. Fountain's b. g.
by Montana-Fusllade's Last. It wa3 easy for
Montallade. Gibraltar acted badly at post,
but closed ' stoutly. " Rlnaldo ' had speed, " but
stopped to nothing. So did Tiburon. Scratch
ed—Buck Taylor 107. . '
Bettlng-Montallade. 4-5; Gibraltar. 3; Decoy,
8: Rlnaldo, 12; Tiburon. 13; The Buffoon, 100;
Frank Duffy, 200. ¦ » . . - .
2504. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse. $300:
Index Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Kin.
(2576)6ood Hope, 5. 107..Basgr 2 3 lVs 1 n 12
(2575) Ralston, a, 109. Hoar 3 1 VA 2 1 2 l\i
(2557)Racetto 4, 107....Alexdr 6 6 3 VA 3 3
2589 Hampton. 4, UO.McCarty 4 5 l'i 5 3 In
(2543)K. AVolcott, 4, 105.Fntlry 5 4 3 4 15 8
2528 Glissando, 4, 107...Collls 1 2 l. v 6 ¦ 6
2575 Vantine. 4, 105...Ru3sell \
Tlme-U. :24%: H. :«; %. t'd«4. Bad start.
Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
¦Winner. Caesar Young's ch. m. by Colonel
Clark-Gratitude. Good Hope ran over her flfld
when ready. Ralston backed up, Racetto ran
a fair race; he was away very badly. *Left.
Betting— Good Hope, 11-5; Ralston, 8; Ra
cetto 9-2; Sir Hampton. 10; Katie Wblcott,
80; Glissando, 300; Vantine. 16-5.
2505.. SIXTH RACE— Mile and 70 yards;
Free handicap; three-year-olds and up; purse,
1400. • ¦ :.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. ' St. %. Str. Fin.
2583 Horton,- 5, 114.. McCarty 2 4 4 3 3 11
2352 Dang's Maid. 4, 104.Alxr 1 3 n 4 2 2 3
2565 Snips, a, 99 Hoar 3 Sn 1% 3 2
25S3 Wardman. 8, 102..ButIer 4 5 5 4 2
2582 Qulbo. 3, 98..Fauntleroy 5 1 n 2 15
.... Wild Robin, a, 100. Prior 6 • ,
Time— 70 yds L :03; %. :24; M, :49;.%. 1:14%:
m. 1:41%; lm VOyds, 1:45%. Good start. Won
easily Second and third driving. Winner, J.
MqGovern's ch. h. by El Rayo-Fusllade's Last.
Horton got a better ride to-day than last time
out He won easily at the end. Dangerous
Maid quit and came again. Snips stopped to
nothing. *Pulled up. . ••
Bettlng-Horton, 1; Dangerous •' Maid. 18-5:
Snips. 7-2; - Wardman. 9-2; Qulbo. 12; Wild
Robin, 1Q0. . " '¦ ; ¦ ,
-). A' Carload of ¦! Trunks.
. " Another carload of, trunks, ,-valisea sand
dress-suit cases, Just; received. l Also, large
shipment of . pocketbooks, belts,' billhooks,
card and'clgar cases;'. On all fine leather
foods, .kodaks and cameras included," your
uUname lettered Jn< gold, free of charge.
Sanborn, Vdil & Co.; 741- Market street ¦?.,*',
WIFE-MTJIIBEB. QUICKLY
'" y .- FOLLOWED BY SUICIDE
TRAPFIC MANAGER BAIN . . » .' . ' ',
• : ' v: ' ' DIES ; AT: HOlJSTOi:
Denver Bookkeeper Ends His I<ifc
After j Shooting His Spouse
. -'?¦¦¦¦ ;•: ' Through Heart; " ;
.DENVER, Juno 12.'— Juliug C. Benton,
living | at 2447 ¦ Welton.K street, shot and
killed his. wife and then' killed
himself..- The! shot which killed Mrs/ Ben
ton was fired'through the window of their
residence.: It through her heart
and , caused instant death.- Benton shot
himself-in the head and. died later at the
County ;Hospital.- They . leave -two chil
dren, a'- girl aged nine and a boy aged
seven. Mrs. Benton was - a daughter of
former State- Auditor '.< John W. *Lowell,
now head' of the Lowell, Barroll and De
witt Livestock, Company. . Benton wa» the
head bookeeper for. the company, •¦¦'..'"
It. is said that Benton and his wife had
frequently quarreled of late. . The father
of the dead woman expresses the belief
that . Benton • was insane. Mrs. Lowell,
mother of tlieVwoman,' is in : a state of
nervous 1 collapse, fronuthe shock. • ., ''
HOUSTON,; Tex... June 12.— C. W. BainV
traffic- manager of the; Southern Pacific,
died this, afternoon. ( , y : ,
" Traffic • Manager jC/W. ; Bain , was : well
known* in • this ' city. He was looked upon
as one» of .the • brightest freight men in
the j employ j of. the I Southern Pacific*. • It
is generally , conceded that Bain's succes
sor will be appointed: from the Bast, and,
that no railroad man, from- this city, will
fill his. position. :*. * ,i- . ,: ? ' -¦ — ,;
To-Day's Entries.
First race-^Slx furlongs; two-year-olds and
up: selling. ' . . . . . •
2584 Harry Gwynne.1191 2583 Cousin Carrie. .105
2586 Favorlto 113 2587 Frank Woods. .113
2583 Liny Diggs ...105 2433 Cougar 110
2569 The Gaffir ....107 2586 Alpha Lee ....105
2593 The Buffoon.... 113 2581 Sweetf Caporal.114
2594 Sir Hampton... 116 • . ¦ ' ••. ...
Second race— One and a third miles; four-year
olds and up; Belling.
2584 Sea Spray 107 2584 Pongo. -, r. 107
2586 Hohenlohe .....110 2571 Einstein 107
2592 Burdoc .........107 (2549)Gullder " 107
Third race— Five and a half furlongs;" two
year-olds; purse.' • '
(2585)Marello ........113 2580 Halnault 110
2574 Snowberry 110 2580 Shell Mount. ...110
2588 Achilles .." 113 '
Fourth race-Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; handicap. - - ' .- .. . " * '
HI* A^ on ... B f.^. n : II (i^^e^uhoit I!
(2581)Prestldlsltator.l08 (2527)Doublet 122
Fifth race— One mile; three-year-olda and up;
purse. ' ' •
(2558) Rio Shannon ..107 (2582)Sylvan Lass. ...106
2576 Rey Dare ...... 89 2577 Hry Thatcher.. 104
(2493)Hagerdon ......104 2576 Byron Rose ... 89
'-'sixth race-One mile and fifty yards; three
year-olds and up; selling.
<2571)Merops ...109= (2583) Oscar Tolle...'..10Q
2557 Prejudice .107 2689 Rio Chlco .......109
2589 Castake W9 2589 Alicia 107
25»1 Lost Girl ......107 , .
Probable Winners.
•
i
' First \ race—Frank Woods. Cousin Carrie,
Cougar. .. ¦ . : ¦' .
¦* Second race—Burdoc, Einstein, Hohenlohe.
Third race—Shell Mount, Snowber'ry, Achilles.
Fourth race—Doublet, Prestidigitator, Dollle
"Wetthoff.
Fifth race—Byron Rose, Hagerdon, Rio Shan
non. "' . ;¦ - • ¦
Sixth race—Merops, Castake, Alicia.
FIBST TO THE WIBE.
Winners of Racing Events at Tracks
• Over the Mountains.
NEW YORK,* June 12.— Gravesend aummary:
About six furlongs— Sander* won,' Demurrer
second, Belle of Lexington third. Time. 1:10.
One and a quarter miles-Star Bright won.
Kamarara second, Terminus third. . Time,
Vive furlongs— Vagrant won. Father Went
ker second. Missile third. Time, 1:03. . -
Mile and a sixteenth, selline-I-ucky Jttar
won, Tinge second, Knight of the Garter third.
Greater New York steeplechase," about two
and a half miles— Passe Partout won, George
Keene second. • Perion third. Time, 4:51.
Five and a half . furlongs-Goldseeker jwon,
Bonner second, Fair Knight third. Time,
1:07 4-5. . ' ; - '• . . '
ST. LOUIS, June 12.— Fair Grounds summary:
Seven furlongs, selling— Dominie won, Clin
ton B second. Juliette B third. -.Time.- l:29'i.
Mile, selling— Kid McCoy won. Chlckamauga
second. Silent Friend third. Time, 1:43V4.
Six furlongs, purse— Frank Bell won, Maud
Gonne second, HI Nocker third. Time, 1:15.
One and a sixteenth miles, purse— Chappauua
won. Propeller second, Hottentot third. Time,
1*49 • ... " - ¦ ¦ -¦..'. ...
Seven furlongs, selling— Horseshoe Tobacco
won, Elsie Barnes second, Colonel Gay third.
One' mile, selling— Kisme won, Rushflelds sec
ond, Bell.Slmpsch third. Time, 1:42%. .
DETROIT, June 12.— Highland Park sum
mary: 4 ,
Six furlongs^ — Khaki -won, Horsay second,
Drogheda third. Time, 1:14.
Half mile— Khlta won, Oenesa second, Myrtle
Dell third. Time, :49. '
Seven furlongs, selling— Winepress won, Rot
terdam second. Custodian third. Time, 1:28V4.
Mile and a sixteenth, trial derby — Petra II
won. Ben MacDUul second, Glenwood third.
Time, 1:49. . ¦ • '
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Maru won,
Halmetta second. Linden Tree third. Time,
:56V&.- ¦ • "•¦ ¦ •¦ ' ¦ " ¦ • J
One and an eighth miles— Dolly "Wagner won.
Free Lance secpnd, A Winner third. Time,
l:E6i4. . . . . :• ' ", \
CINCINNATI.' June 12.— Newport summary:
Appreciable Effect on the
:-¦':¦ ¦ Patient. U '.- /
Intense Heat at "Washington Has No
Bix furlongs, i selling— Jim Nap won,. Belle
Nutter second, Margaret Hoffman third. •' Time,
l:15>i.,-..\ •'..•...- - ; / • i ,-- : ... .
MRS. :McKINJ*E.Y CONTINUES
TO IMPBO VE STEADILY
WASHINGTON, June 12.— Dr., Rlxey,' on
leaving the -White House/ to-night after
his usual; late call,.sa!d: ,.
'¦• .VMrs.,-McKin!ey is getting along very
nicely. -; Her •'improvement continues
Steadily. : The I heat- is - not affecting her
materially." ;
'Dr.' Rixey's visit occupied less - than an
hour, ; a; shorter:!, time :than ;for many
evenings previously. He, appeared more
encouraged than usual, but was non-com
mittal .when . asked k . ! - more "l particularly
about .the case.. 'The intense heat is nat
uraHyj'felt in. the sick room, but had .no
very appreciable effect upon the patient's
condition. /.:.--•.¦¦¦ ..-¦¦'. " --.-,*"
'•Surgeon- ; General Sternberg, rafter '.his
evening visit,, 'said 'Mrs/McKinley- was
making favorable progress..', The predic
tion- in vthe: bulletin of ' the doctors this
morning that , Mrs. •¦ M£Kinle.y , would -be
able to sit up during , the day was " borne
out.' She sat. in the rolling chair In «the
room, 1 but: it was for only a; very" short
time. , The. change gave her some relief./:
EDITOR LABOUCHERE
¦FINED FOB CONTEMPT
, LONDON, j June 5 12.— Henry > Labouchere
was fined fSO/costsintheKlrig's Bench"
Courtc to-day ': for; contempt rof ,. court : in
commenting, on] a • case which '-wasiat'- the
time 'i still" subjudicae.": Counsel .for the
plaintiff • -wanted Mr." P Labouchere . and
Horace Voules, ¦ editor • of Truth," to be • Im
prisoned,., but Justices Brewster and Phil
more ?/¦. thought that & a ; fine " and y costs
against : both would ; suffice. '
LAWSON'S BOAT
TO BE ALTERED
Independence Completes
First Series of Sail ; :
Trials, • V :
¦ ' ~- — • — - /
Mast Will Be Shortened and
Her Spread of Canvas
Reduced.
BOSTON, June 12.— The first of the se
ries of trials of the yacht Independence
was finished to-day, and trie big ninety
footer will not go out again until some
changes have been made to correct a few
slight defects, brought out during the five
days of: sailing. These changes will be a
shortening of the mast, a reduction of the
sailarea due to the tenderness shown by
the boat while on the wind and the sub
stitution of a stern-post rudder for the
balance affair/which has not proved sat
isfactory. The mast will be shortened ten
feet, four feet being taken off the
mainmast and six feet from ¦ the foot
of the topmast. The reductions in the
sail area will come through the cutting
off of two feet from the top of the main
sail and some slight changes in the head
sails, or a tbtal of some 200 square feet.
This reduction will lighten the top
hamper and stiffen the yacht without ad
ditional ballast.
The Independence sailed to-day for the
first I time under . racing canvas, mainsail,
foresail,- jib,, jib topsail and club topsail,
and in the light breeze seemed to slip
along very fast.
The Independence will go into the navy
yard drydock to-morrow as soon as her
mast has been removed. ¦>
New Battleship Illinois
Breaks the World's
? Record.
FASTEST CRAFT
OF HER CLASS
BOSTON, June 12.— With the proud dis
tinction of being the fastest battleship in
America and the speediest of her class in
the world, the new sea-fighter Illinois
came to' anchor in President's Roads to
night after a most successful trial. Over
the Governor course, from Cape Ann to
Cape Porpoise and return, a distance of
sixty-six nautical miles, she raced to-day
under the watchful eyes of United States
naval representatives and established a
new record by maintaining an average
speed of 17.31. knots for four consecutive
hours. Not only did she demonstrate
that she was faster than any warship of
her size afloat, but she proved her ability
to turn upon an enemy with extraordinary
quickness by describing a. complete circle
within 300 yards, or little more than twice
her length, in three minutes and ten sec
ond* w,hile plowing through the sea at
full speed.
Steadiness and reserve power character
ized the performance of the ship through
out the entire test. The work of her
engines was smooth and even and the rec
ords of the day showed but one-tenth of a
knot difference in speed between the
northern run and the return run. The
machinery easily met every requirement
and not an accident, of any kind marred
the success of the day." ¦ '¦ 'f V .
Admirals Are .'Delighted.
*Rear Admiral Sampson, who was on
board unofficially, i and Rear Admiral
Evans, who acted as president of the trial
board, as well as the other naval officers
who participated in the trial, were thor
oughly pleased with the new champion
and as she steamed back to her anchorage
with a broom at her masthead the of
ficials of the Newport News Ship-building
Company, whose three years of labor had
reached such a happy climax, were, en
thusiastically congratulated.
The day could not have been more per
fect for the trial of a battleship. 'Hardly
a breath of air ruffled the -water as the
vessel steamed out of Boston harbor. .
The Illinois was hardly a thing of beauty
as she laid her course for Cape Ann, but
the white wave turned up at her bow gave
those on- board the impression that she
was out for a business-like day's work.
The first mark-boat, the converted yacht
Hist, was in sight just before 10 o'clock,
and twelve- minutes past that hour the
ship crossed the starting line, with her
engines registering , 117 revolutions to" the
minute.
The ship passed mark-boat No. «2, the
training- ship -Lancaster, at a 17-knot gait,
22 minutes and 53 seconds after the start.
The next mark, the old Essex, was
picked. up 23 minutes and 20 seconds later,
the Newport in 22 minutes 12 seconds, the
Peoria in 23 minutes 3 seconds, and the
naval tug Potomac at buoy No. 6, Indi
cating the end of the 33-knot run north
ward, in 22 minutes 36 seconds. «' -
.¦ ¦ Maintains Even Speed..
For a part of the northward run the
Illinois had reached a speed of 17.84 knots
an hour, and at no time did she drop be
low 16.97. Buoy No. 6 was passed at
12:06:07, showing elapsed time for the run
of 1 hour 45 minutes and 4 seconds, and an
average speed for the 33 knots of 17.36
nautical miles. '•.¦'.- ¦•
On the return the elapsed time between
buoys was about the same as during the
first half of the trial. Again she reached
a-maximum speed of 17.84, : with a mini
mum of 16.97.- The finish line was passed
and the speed trial was over at 1:18:33, the
elapsed time being 1:54:42 and the average
speed for the second half 17.26. 7
The completed figures for the entire 66
knots gave 3:48:46 elapsed time and the
average speed 17.31 knots per hour. Tidal
corrections may make slight alterations
in these figures, but the changes are not
likely to affect the . result' materially.
SCOTT LEARY BREAKS THE WORLD'S
SWIMMING RECORD FOR FIFTiY YARDS
Notable Performance Made at the Olympic Club During
an Interesting Tournament-— Young Athletes Perform
in the Water for the Pleasure of Many Spectators
CHAMPION DOGS
WILL COMPETE
Great Events on the Card
for Union Coursing
Park.
The Annual Ladies' Day
* Stake to Be Run on
Sunday.
Class stake, 96 entries— T. J. Cronln'a Thorn
hill vs. P. M. Curtis' Shadow: r>. Cahill's
Evershore vs. Pasha Kennels' Master Rocket:
Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete vs. George
Sharmaa's St. Ives; J. Sergerson's Aisle Mc-
Donald vs.- Russell & Allen's First Foot; P.
Jackson's Honor Bright vs. P. M. Curtis" Mc-
Klnley; P. M. Curtis' War Eagle vs. Geqrga
Sharman's Black Flush; P. M. Curtis' Vagrant
vs. J. Connell'a Cozy; P. Steinhalfa Veto vi
P. Roasner's Homer; J. Hurley's Grammercy
vs A". R. Curtis' Pilot; Star Kennel's Black
head vs. A. R, Curtis' Loyal Lad; W. C B.
de Lopez's Eager- vs. L. M. Parkison'a Ben
Lomond; "W. J. Leonard's Tom Hurley vs. E.
M. Kellogg's Sweet Emma; J. Smith's Master
Workman v» F. B. Gerber's Mount Ida; P.
Jackson's Golden Russet vs. Star Kennels'
Mayflower; Star Kennels' Herschel's Pride vs.
F. A. McComb's Hot Haste; Aeneld Kennels-
Achilles vs. A. Vanderwhite's Flora McDonald;
J. D. Cardlnall's Jesseby vs. P. J. Reilly'a
Royal Union; J. Hurley's Hurricane vs. Russell
A Allen's Daisy Claire; F. A. McComb'a Bona
parte vs. J. Connell's Log Boy: P. M. Cur
tis' Cash vs. E. N. Whiteaide's Greenback;
H. Lynch'a Cotton Ball vs. Pasha Kennels'
Rural Artist: J. Dempsey's Jingle Bella vs.
J. Dean's Warco; P. M. Curtis' Echo vs. L.
F. Bartels' Best Bargain; J. H. McNeil's
Black Hawk vs Pasha Kennels* Royal Archer;
C A. Bonner*a Wild Norah vs. Sterl© &
Knowles' For Glory; W. C. Glasson's lone vs.
Aencid Kennels" Agamemnon: John Kerrigan's
Roxana vs. L, M. Connell's White Hat; Pasha
Kennels* Snapshot vs. T. Maher** Bad Boy;
Russell & Allen's Spiteful vs. R. D. Kay's
Hawker; A. R. Curtis' Vulcan vs. P. M. Cur
tis' Warpath; J. McCarthy's John Doe vs. W.
Kahn's Imperial; W. C Glasson's Sleigh Bella
vs. O. Zahl'a Miss Wilson; Star Kennels' Fon
tenoy vs. J. Kane's Greenhall; F. A. McComb'9
Royal Flush vs. P. M. Curtis' Narcissus; E.
M Kellogg's Bug vs. Pasha Kennels' Rocker:
George Sharman'a Chicago Boy vs. P. M..Cur
tis* Anchor; E. Geary's America va. George
Sharman'a Bowery Boy: J. Hurley's O K
Capitol vs. D. Tbland's Pleasant Girl; Russell
& Allen's Strayaway vs. P. Doyle's Thelma;
P J. Reilly's Ploughboy vs. J. Markland's
The Grafter; Russell & Allen's Rosy Claire vs.
Aeneid Kennels' Athena: L. M. ConneU's St.
Helen vs. Pasha Kennels' Random Aim; A.
R. Curtis' Candelaria vs. Russell & Allen's
Castaway: A. R. Curtis' King Cotton vs. E.
Geary* a Bonnie Pasha; Sterle & Knowles'
Oleta vs. T. J. McEnerney's Tommy Rex:
Sterle & Knowles" CHara vs. E. M. Kellogg' 3
Modest Lad; J. Smith's Bonnie Boy v». D. J.
Healey's Lady Claire; J. P. Thrift's Tyrone
Prince vs. L. F. Bartels 1 Banner Bright.
Ladles' day championship stake — R. K. Mal
com's Fine Fire vs. E. Geary's Palo Alto: T.
J Cronln's Vandal vs. J. H. Rosseter"s Real
A'rtlcle: E. Geary's Ireland vs. TV J. McEner
ney's Norah: C. C. Griswold'a (names) Harlean
Gladys vs. Chiarlni Brothers' Santenon; F.
A. McComb'a Little Sister vs. O. Zahl's Homer
Boy F Jones' Wedgewood vs. D. J. Healy's
Sisquoc; A R. Curtis' Flying Fox vs. J. H.
Rosseter's For Freedom: F. A. McComb'a Sir
Pasha vs. W. C. Glasson's Dewdrop.
. Sixteen of the very best dogs in Amer
ica will 'compete at Union Coursing Park
on Sunday next under the auspices of the
Inter-State Coursing Club. It win be the
sixth annual ladies* day championship
stake, and will be the highest class ever
run in this State. : Among the stake win
nerd entered are For. Freedom, Palo Alto,
Ireland, Wedgewood and other famous
greyhounds. The stake Is valued at
51020. -The winner will get 1300, runner
up $200. the next two $100 each, next four
$50 each, and the balance of the money
will be, awarded as special prizes to the
dogs beaten by the winners of the first
four prizes.
The championship stake, will, bo run off
on Sunday only. A class stake, of ninety
six entries will be run on Saturday.
Coursing both days will begin on the ar
rival of the 10:15 a. m. train. Following
is the result of last night's drawing:
HARTFORD. Conn., June 12.— The Nut
meg Athletic Club has offered a purs© of
$10,000 for a battle between Terry McQov
ern and Dave Sullivan, in this city, July
4. McGovern says ho is willing to accept.
Mountain Buck (P. McDermott) won
the Oxted selling handicap: Van Stella
(J. Relff) was second and Klcksy "Wlcksy
(L.- Relff) finished third:
¦ . v » — ¦
Bids for McOovera and Sullivan.
.LONDON, June 12.-Rlchard Croker's
Flambard (L. Relff) won the Imperial cup
handicap of 400 sovereigns in specie and a
cup valued ¦ at 50 sovereigns at the LJng
fleld Park spring meeting: to-day. Ten
horses started.
at I*ingfield Park.
First in the Imperial Cup Handicap
¦piTTSBURG. June 12. — Plttsburg- Jumped Into
first . place and administered to Phille his first
defeat this season. Phille was wild and in the
fourth inning gave two men their bases and
Clark scored them with a two-bagyer. At
tendance. 3500. - Score:
Clubs— R. ; H. E.
Pittsburg 6 8 2
New York ;. 2 • 9,' 2
"Batteries — Chesbro and Zlmmer; Phille and
Warren. - • ¦ - .
ST. LOUIS, June 12.— The score:,
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 6 10 0
Philadelphia 0 6 2
Batteries— Powell and Ryan; Orth and Mc-
Farland. Umpire— Emslie.
CHICAGO. June 12.— The score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 8 12 I
Brooklyn 1 5 4
Batteries — Hughes and Kahoe: Kltson. Ken
nedy. McGulre and Farrell. Umpire — Cunning
ham.
CINCINNATI. June 12.— The score:
Clubs— . ¦¦ ¦- R. R. XL
Cincinnati 6,9 . 1
Boston i 6 11 2
- Batteries— Hahn and Bergen; Nichols and
Klttrldge. Umpire— O" Day.
AMERICAN LEAGUE. .
BOSTON, June 12.— The score: f
Clubs— . R. H. Ev
Boston 4 10 'I
Detroit . 2 S 3
Batteries— Young and Schreck; Schreiver and
Shaw. .
; BALTIMORE, June 12.— The score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore 8 13 1
Chicago 1 3 • 2
Batteries — Foreman and Robinson; Griffith,
Callahan and Sullivan. ,.
PHILADELPHIA, Juno 12.— Tha "core:
Clubs— '«' R. H. E.
Milwaukee t 13 3
Philadelphia 5 7 1
Batteries— Sparks and Conner; Bernhard and
Powers. •
-WASHINGTON.. June 12.— The ««n-e: A* j
Clubs— • . - R. H. E.
Washington' 0 5 . S
Cleveland 6 8 2
- Batteries— Carrick and Grady; Clarke, Moore
and Teaser. . -.
CROXER'S FLAMBARD WINS.
Pitcher Phille Meets the First I>ef eat
of the Season.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
PITTSBTJRG TAKES THE LEAD.
Heavy, Storm Visits Chicago.
CHICAGO, June 12.— Relief from the in
tense .heat -came . to-night ' in j a ; thunder
storm: that carried destruction in Its path
Several buildings; were" struck by lieht
nlng and downtown basements were flood
ed. - The j Bartholomew Episcopal- Church
on'.Sixty-seve'nth street, .valued a.t 420,000*
was struck and burnedtto. the ; ground. * '
BOSTON. June 12.— The great influx of
delegates 1 during the past twenty-four
hours' largely augmented the audiences
that filled Mechanics' Hall, to-day at the
various' sessions of the Y. M. C, A. inter
national convention, -which were chiefly
devoted to the presentation by able speak
ers of subjects, and problems bearing on
the I progress of the •) T. M. C. . A. work
during the past fifty years. '
"•¦ Among the speakers to-night -were
Major General Joseph Wheeler, Rear'Ad
miral *F. J." s Higginson; « Captain A. V..
Wadhams, V. S. N., Captain ; Richmond
P. Hobson and Colonel . Curtis Guild Jr..
who presided.. The result was an "im
mense audience that' filled every nook and '
corner at the big-hall and one that was I
wildly, enthusiastic in its reception' of the
speakers. ». . !¦',... , * I
? Following the ' evening session -a- recen- '
tion to delegates and friends tendered by
the "woman's auxiliaries of the Massachu
setts and Rhode^Islandf Associations was v
held in the museum;of fine arts. , • (
'The biennial 'report' of. the International
committee was read. 'It shows that up to
1901 there .were 1476 associations, of , which
1354 reported an aggregate membership of
268,477. i The total , net property. I consisting
of buildings, real estate and miscellaneous
property, was ; 121,716,102. ~ , } . ¦
Representatives of Army and Navy
Address Young Men's Christian ;
Association Convention.
REVIEW THE WORK
OE. PAST FIFTY YEARS
- Four and a half furlongs— King Daly won.
Miss Galnes second. Handrail third. Time. :55.
Six furlongs, selling— Northumbrla won, Juni
per second. Ed Roth third. Time. 1:15.
Four and a half furlones, selling— Corinne C
won. Pillow Dex second, Georglana third.
Seven furlongs/ sell ing— Charles Estea won,
Dr. Fannie second. Pretty Rosle third. Time,
vo ¦
'one mile, selling— Outburst won. Birdie May
second, Meggs third. Time, 1:43%. - ..
CHICAGO,^ June 12.— Harlem summary:
Five furlongs, selling— Parnasius won, Best
Man second. Mlhasa third. Time, 1:02 3-5.
One mile and 100 yards— Vlncersaes won. Blue
Lick second. Trebor third. Time 1:43 2-5.
Short course steeplechase— Filon d Or won,
Dick Furber second, Ollnthua third. Time,
"Petite stakes. J225O, four^and a half furlongs—
Endurance by Right won, Thistle second. Mabel
Winn third. Time. 66 1-5. ? ' 4^ „ '
One mile-Bangle won, Vulcatn second. Walk
enshaw third.. Time. 1:41 4-5.
One mile and ICO yards— Sam McKeever won.
Golden Sceptre second, Zacatosa third. Time,
1:50 1-5.
PURSES ARE EQUALLY DIVIDED
BY FAVORITES AND OUTSIDERS
Horton Wins After a Good Ride by J.
: "McCarty—Montallade and Good Hope
¦ Pass Under the Wire, for First Money
If slAVORITES and long shots divided
|| ./ the card at Oakland;; yesterday.
IprN j in the first three races the unex
il pected happened and . those who
i ¦'¦ "ought to"; did not." Then Mon
tallade at 4 to 5 hoofed past the Judges'
stand first, followed inlsuccessive races by
Good Hope and' Horton^ both picked fas
good investments.'- . . ¦ . [ ¦ ,, ' '^. ¦¦¦'--./• •" ....
' Prestene presented the first : surprise."
Getting away well at the start Prestene
led all the other maiden two-year-old'nl
lies round the full four furlongs. Flattered
managed to save the place, You You com
ing up strongly from behind, capturing
the show. ¦ .' , .
Saul of Tarsus was the. favorite In the
second race over the Futurity course, but
First Shot bolted bo fast from the stretch
to the wire that Saul was changed from a
leader to a second. Monda made the show.
It is doubtful whether any equal number
of superbly bad actors were ever bunched
in such variety as in this race. Cliveden
acted like a murderous maniac out for
the barrier's destruction. When the race
was finally run fines "were levied on Bas
singer, who rode the winner, and Alexan
der on Meadow Lark. Russell was set
down for the season.' < ¦¦'.'¦
Sunello, despite recent heart-rending
performances, was played for first money
in the third race. Flamero, leading until
the ninth inning,' died hard, Kastaine
passing in for the place! while Faunette,
working out of a pocket at the last turn,
won after a game rush up the stretch. •
Montallade at 4 to 5, with Russell up,
won an easy race^pver the six and a half
furlong, route for. four-year-olds . and up.
Gibraltar's guns were booming in place,
Decoy making the show at the last attack.
Bassinger piloted Good Hope to port in
the fifth race. The others seemed to be
backward when the test came. Ralston
got the red ribbon and Racetto the white.
Good Hope was afterward bid up to ?S0O,
being retained by the present owner. •- 5
By a splendid ride at the hands of J.
McCarty, Horton, even money favorite,
beat the field in the last race, showing
strength enough at the finish to keep -in
advance of Dangerous Maid and pass
Snips. ' _ - ¦ . ¦. •
. . " . ,. -> - .. V ¦¦,.*<¦;..- ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦-¦- > ¦ ,v .'..¦-, *¦
THEJ SAN FR^yCISCO CALL 1901.
PARIS, June 12.— M." Plperlln'' : won 'the
grand - hurdle . race ,'- ati . Autaeil .y to-day."
Robespierre. was 'second, Pont' Chevron
third and Gilbert -fourth. -Fifteen, horses
ran. ¦ ¦¦¦--.. ;?. ¦ -• :•..-,-
Piperlen Wins the Hurdle Race, i •
. In .view, of the fact that to-morrow's
match will decide the contest, a number of
sweepstakes have been, arranged for Fri
day .and Saturday, and a live bird contest
for Monday, ¦; after, which the .American
team will go to Glasgow.proceedtng.from
that city to Germany and France.. ,•¦¦ '¦,-.
When the contest closed this afternoon
It was believed that * to^-morrow's ; shoot
would surely end the match in favor of
the Americans. Their-: average to-day
was decidedly better than that of yester
day, but. the team will be disappointed. if
to-morrow's average, under anything like
favorable conditions, \does not' exceed 90
percent.^ '-¦¦•- ¦ . ; -¦.--.'-¦
Crosby led to-day's ' score with 95' per
cent of kills; Helkes and Gilbert with 93
per cent each and Trlpp with 90 per cent.
No member of the American team secured
less; than 87, ' whereas the highest' British
score was 87 per cent. r v./_ » *j
LONDON, June 12.— The international
clay-bird trap-shooting match, which. -was
begun yesterday on the grounds of the
Middlesex Gun ' Club, Hendon, •¦was're
sumed under entirely different weather
conditions to-day. .Rain, with ¦ varying
winds, fell during the early afternoon,
making shooting extremely. difficult. :-. The
Americans gathered confidence, however,
from their -work of -yesterday and their
growing familiarity .with their surround
ings. • ( * " . . ¦ . • - ' idt
At the end of the sixtieth round, when
each side had shot at 600 targets,, the
British gunners had broken 476 and the
Americans 524. - Out of the first ¦¦ sixty
targets W. R. Crosby broke 68; Fred Gil
bert,' 56; John S. Fanning, 55, and R. o.'
Haikes,,54. The matchclosed for the day
in a driving rain with the following totals:
Americans, 877; British, 794. • .--, .- . .
Match.
Ou.tsb.oot the British." in the Clay Bird
AMERICANS STILL IN- LEAD.
SACBAMENTOS PICKED
TO WIN THE PENNAUT
"Fans" Predict They Will Win Their
Fourth Successive Cham
pionship.
Clubs— Won. Lost. Per Ct.
San Francisco 26 20 .565
Sacramento 24 19 .558
Los Angeles 20 22 .478
Oakland IS 27 .400
The Sacramento champions, who are
scheduled*!*) play at Recreation Park this
week, have been most consistent in their
performances of late. They have come
up from the tall-end with a rush and are
now fighting for first place, and the fans
are already predicting that they will win
the pennant for the fourth successive sea
sons
Cal Ewlng ha* been negotiating for the
services of "Truck" Eagan, who recently
returned from the East, and he oxp«>cts
to have him in the game Friday. The line
up for the game to-day Is as follows:
Sacramento. Positions. Oakland.
Stanley Catcher Lohman
Doyle Pitcher Mosklman
Hanlon Center field Strelb
Courtney Right field Arrellanes
Eheeh&n Third base Eapan
Devereaux Shortstop Francks
McLaughlln Left field Dunliavy
McGucken Center field Drennan
Ctricklett .......Right field Held
The Republican Primary League of San
Francisco, T. P. Woodward, president, is
rapidly gaining the favor of representa
tive men in the party. Indications point
to enrollment, under the auspices of the
league, of a very large number of Repub
lican voters. The first meeting of the di
rectors at headquarters in the Baldwin.
Annex was held last evening. Ten of the
eleven directors were present. Owing to
sickness in his family Grove P. Ayers
could not attend. The temporary officers
of the organization were declared the per
manent officers. The following standing
committees were createfl by the directors:
Finance— Grove P. Ayera. David Rich, I. W.
Lees.
Printing and literature— J. George Boyne, E.
P. Iiarrett, John W. Rogers.
.Headquarters and rules— E. E, Bchmitz,
Janv-s P. Cheetham, L. E. Savage.
Organization and campaign— A. Ruef. T. P.
Woodward, I. W. Lees. /
The campaign committee will meet at
headquarters every evening to confer with
district representatives. In the confer
ences officers of the leaeue other than
those on the committee will participate.
It was decided last night to appoint dis
trict organizing committees. In each dis
trict there will be a committee of five
lepresentative Republicans, whose duty It
will be to promote affiliation with the
league and awaken public interest in the
coming primary election. Much time was
Blven last evening to a discussion of by
laws. The directors expect to finish the
v.'ork in this respect and present a report
to-night.
The action of the committee in engag
ing five rooms In the Baldwin Annex for
permanent headquarters and paying five
months' rent in advance was approved by
the league. It was decided to wire the
rooms and rut in electric lights.
The league has elected' an advisory com
mittee consisting of seventy-five promi
nent citizens of Republican faith. An
nouncement of such election was not
made until yesterday afternoon, yet forty
acceptances were on file last night. It
was deemed best, however, . to withhold
publication of the names until to-morrow,
so that all acceptances may be registered
before the names are published. The pa
triotic and prompt response of . so many
leading merchants, bankers, manufac
turers and professional men assures the
promoters of the league that the move
ment is bound to be successful. . ,
Fremont Republican Club.
The Fremont Republican Club held a
large and enthusiastic meeting last even/
ing in the Maple Room of the Palace Ho
tel. Norman W. Hall presided and
speeches were made by General W.'H.'I*.
Barnes. Colonel George Stone, Dr.- Knox,
J. T. Gibson and William M. Abbott. -The
committee on new quarters reported that
suitable rooms had been found, at the
Humboldt Bank building 'and it was de
cided to allow the committee to make the
necessary arrangements to establish head
quarters there. There are now about 200
members in the club.
Meeting of Directors to
Discuss Plans of
Campaign.
REPUBLICANS
OF THE LEAGUE
Following are the results of the races:
25-yard dash— Won by Scott Leary, R. Cor
nell second. Time, :14.
EO-yard dajsh — First heat won by P. Revert,
with a handicap of 9 seconds; Scott Leary sec
ond. Second heat was won by R. Cornell; C.
Clourh second. Final won by Leary in :23%,
world's record.
Diving contest— Won by Lester Hammer-
jr School Census Marshal Elbert yeuter
day submitted his report on the number
i of school children. in San Francisco be
; tween 5 and 17 years of age to Superin
tendent of Schools Webster. The report
shows that there are at present in this
city 82,173 children who are eligible to
attend school. This is an increase of 8619
over last year.
The State apportionment for the school
funds of this city, which Is based on the
csnsus, will amount this year to $706,
687 SO, figuring $8 CO for each school child.
Last year the apportionment, .was $679,
4f<2 10, or $8 65 for each child.
Superintendent Webster is of the opin
ion that 58 60 will be a safe estimate for
this ye.ar and the amount allowed for
schools by the State will be $27,195 70 more
than last year.
Superintendent Webster says that the
figures given are semi-official, but he
does not tnink that the official returns
will show a material difference.
Following were the officials:
Starter, George James; judges, Alex Pape
and J. Geddes; timers. K. Melrose and Fred
Rutz; announcer, G. Hensley.
smith, L.. Ortlon second, D. Carroll third and
Pomln fourth.
Walking greasy pole— Won by Dennis Car
roll.
SCHOOL CENSUS
SHOWS INCREASE
Marshal Elbert Registers
More Than Eighty " I
Thousand.
VT. A. Raybourn and Loretta Strove
were arrested yesterday by^Detectives
"Whittaker and McMahon as they were
about to board the Stockton steamer, and
booked en route to Perry. Oklahoma,
where they are wanted for obtaining
money by false pretenses.
From the dispatches received from the
Sheriff of Perry. Raybourn and Mrs.
Strove planned an elopement, after fraud
ulently obtaining $2000 from a real estate
dealer named Fred Cumby. Raybourn is
married to Mrs. Strove's sister; whom he
deserted to elope with Loretta. Mrs.
Strove is also married, and is the mother
of four children. The couple arrived here
last Tuesday and rented apartments in
an uptown lodging-house, registering as
L. Phebe and wife. As they intended to
leave the city they left their baggage at
the ferry, so that they could ship it at a
moment's notice. The detectives, who
were on the lookout for them, yesterday
learned where the baggage was, and they
concluded to watch it, expecting that the
couple would show ud and claim it.
Shortly after noon Raybourn and Mrs.
Strove appeared at the wharf where the
baggage was stored and ordered it shipped
to Stockton. They had already purchased
tickets for the Slough City and- were
about to board the steamer bound for
there when McMahon and Whlttaker
stepped up and placed the astonished
couple under arrest. They readily ad
mitted their identity, but denied the
charge of having defrauded the Perry real
estate dealer.
The pair will be held pending the arrival
of an officer from Oklahoma.
W. A. Raybourn .and
Loretta Strove Land
in Prison.
SCOTT LEARY, the champion ama
teur swimmer of the coast, broke
a world's record at the Olympic
Club swimming tournament last
evening. He negotiated fifty
yards In the fast time of 29 1-5 seconds
and won the race, amid the plaudits of
the large crowd that occupied seats
around the tank.
Leary's performance was notable for
the reason that he had to pass a number
of fast swimmers who had handicaps
over him. He has been develoi>ed in the
past year by Sid Cavill and is using the
double overhand stroke that won his
teacher many a contest.
A pleasing- feature of the evening's en
tertainment was the presentation of a
diamond pin to Sid Cavill, who has se
cured a leave of absence of six months in
order to recover his health. The token
was the gift of the members.
The contests were extremely interesting
and exciting. There were fancy divingv
blindfolded races, spring-board diving-,
plunging, under-watcr swimming and an
exciting life-saving exhibition by the
members of the organization. Miss Alice
Cavill and her two brothers grave an in
teresting exhibition of swimming, and the
efforts of the trio were warmly
applauded.
RUNS AWAY WITH
SISTER-IK-LAW
THE CALL'S RACIHG FORM CHART.
THE CALL'S CARTOONIST PICTURES SOME OP THE SIGHTS HE SAW
DURIXQ THE PROGRESS OF THE SWIMMING TOURNAMENT AT
THE OLYMPIC CLUB LAST NIGHT.
8
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISS ROSA McAHAN OP BTJTTE
Bemedy for. Dandruff.
Ho>w\ After T-wo Years She Found a
% Miss Rosa. McAhaa of 211 "West Quartz
street, . Butte, Mont., says:, "Herplclde
has thoroughly cleansed my scalp of dan-
druff, which was entirely 'covered;' and
it has; stopped. my -falling hair. -I have
tried many different preparations In the
past two years, but none took effect ex-*
cept Newbro's Herpidde,."- Dandruff lsa
germ .disease and Herpidde Is an Infalli-
ble, destroyer of the germ. "Destroy the
cause, you remove /the effect.". Kill the
dandruff > germ. % -Ask • your • druggist " for
Herplclde. ; It Is a delightful dressing; ol-
laya itching makes, the hair soft as silk.
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM of 'Rail-
ways. Office— 30 Montgomery 'etreet. •KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 13
Remple, Remple,
I*lam Templet
Rali. Rail, Rah!
California.}.
F-r-i-n-c-o!
Thin in the city that won
the victory. ,
CHARLES 9. FIELD. '
WILLIA3I EDWARDS.
GEORGE JP. SEAL.
J. G. p SI'ALDIXG. "
L. F. BREUNER. •
FRANK ZACK.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 11.— This has
been a great day for the Shrlners of
North America, who are here attending
the twenty-second annual meeting of
their order. The day's programme was
interspersed with business and pleasure,
and from the early morning hours until
MEXICO CITY, June 12.— The bond is
sue of " the railway taken over by ; the
Stillwell group of American capitalists,
and which they will extend to Tampico,
giving this city a direct route to that port,
is $9,000,000.-. •.. : _ ; .7:
Will Issue Millions in Bonds.
the conclusion of the grand annual ball
at Convention Hall to-night the Shrlners i
were- on the move.
San Francisco will .entertain the order
next year, during the first week In June.
The Imperial Council met at the Balti
more • Hotel and . transacted Important
business of the meeting. . The Golden
Gate city. won on the first ballot. •
New officers ' for the next year were
elected. Lou B. Wlnsor, imperial po
tentate,- retired, and then, by the. usual
rotation, Philip C. Shaffer of Philadel
phia, who was imperial deputy, succeeded
to the first position in 'the order. Henry
C. Akin of Omaha, imperial chief rabban,
succeeded. to the position vacated by Mr
Shaffer. George H. Green of Dallas, Tex.,
imperial assistant rabban, became Im
perial chief. rabban; George L. Brown of
Buffalo, imperial high priest and prophet,
was elected imperial assistant rabban;
Harry , A. Collins of Toronto, Canada,
was elected imperial high priest and pro
phet. A. P. Clayton of St. Joseph, who
was imperial first ceremonial master (an
appointive office • two places down the
list) was elevated over the heads of two
others to the position of Imperial Ori
ental guide. William S. Brown of Pitts
burg, imperial - treasurer, and Benjamin
Rowell of Boston,- imperial recorder, were
re-elected.
After Mr. Shaffer had been installed he
appointed five imperial officers, as fol
lows: RiaLS. Peck, Hartford, Conn., Im
perial first ceremonial master; I. Alder
man, Marion, Ia., imperial second cere
monial master; Archibald N. Sloan, Chat
tanooga. Tenn., Imperial marshal; General
George L. Stree, Richmond, Va., imperial
captain of- the guards; Frank C. Roundy,
Chicago, imperial outer guard. ;
The council adjourned until the meeting
next June..., . ¦ .. \ , - ¦
WASHINGTON, June 12.— Before the
Industrial Commission , this afternoon
Thomas Turnbull, representing the San
Francisco Chamber of Commerce,: testi
fied concerning labor conditions in Cali
fornia, He said that." generally speaking,
skilled labor receives better wages in
California than in the Eastern States,
where there is no similar difference in the
wages of unskilled labor. He expressed
the opinion that the cheapness of Chinese
labor ia due almost, entirely to the ineffi
ciency of the Chinese as laborers. Speak
ing of the Chinese, he said the' sentiment
in California was generally favorable to
their proscription, as they were not de
sirable acquisitions from -any point -of
view. ¦ " - • • • '*¦- ;¦". -. ; / -¦¦
' States.
Skilled Labor Receives Better Wages
in California Than in Eastern
rESTTJTCES OOITCERNUJ'G- .
- LABOR CONDITIONS
Powerful British Society Comes to the
Aid of the Strikers.
NEW YORK, June 12.— The Herald to
morrow will say of the machinists' strike
and the National . Metal Trades Associa
tion's recent action: jj ' ¦• >
At the headquarters \ of the striking ma
chinists in 'this city yesterday a cable dis
patch was received from' the Amalgamated'
Society of Engineers In London promising
financial aid. nils society is the strongest
trades union In the world and Is said to have
over $8,000,000. In its treasury. .
• The American Federation of Labor, it was
declared, will tax its 2,000,000 members '10
cents each for the ¦ striking machinists. ;
Furthermore, it was announced last night
by the strike committee of the New York
District Lodge of Machinists, ,that the iron
molders, electrical workers, pattern makers,
tool makers and metal workers - ; In general
had promised \o go to the assistance of the
machinists in the event of a combination of
manufacturers against the strikers. It was
asserted , that a" general sympathetic ' strike of
machinists on all railroads in the United
States and Canada was among the possibili
ties. . • . .
MACHINISTS GAIN" ANV AT/IW.
ready, examinations will be conducted
dally between 9 a. 7 m. and 5 p. m. until
further notice. ¦' ' . <
NEWPORT NEWS, Va,; June 12.—
The strike situation at the New
port News, Shipbuilding and Dry
dock Company's yard : ¦ has
reached a. critical stage. In ad
dition to the striking machinists, - abou±
500 in number, and the 200 skilled men
from the electrical, plumbing \and pipe
fitting departments laid off yesterday, 150
more, chiefly laborers, were laid off to
day. In each case action was due to In
terference by the strike in the progress
of the work of the departments. -¦> It is
said that men in other departments will
be laid off as rapidly, as they finish their
work ahead of the machinists and when
they can do no more without the aid of
the machinists. At the present rate the
yard will close down in a week..
The Business Men's Association met to
day and appointed a committee to confer
with the machinists and management of
the yard, to see If some agreement ' could
not be reached.
NEW YORK, " June 12.— The con
vention of the National Metal
Trade3 Association continued its
sessions to-day. The closing
hours of the convention-' are be
ing devoted to the completion of organi
zation and the arrangement of plans to
strengthen the hands of the manufactur
ers in their fight against the striking ma
chinists. The sum of $500,000, raised by
assessment, is to be placed at the disposal
of a strike committee to be used in be
half of the employers. Asked as to the
use of this fund W. J. Chalmers, chair
man of the press committee, said:
. I Buppose we will use It as the strikers do,'
to support their fellows, pay pickets and meet
other general expenses. We used $166,000 in
the Cleveland strike, where we paid some men
a bonus of $4 a day. There are millions more
If they are needed.
We have Just received a telegram from the
Pacific Coast pledging 114 out of 135 firms to
membership. We have delegates from San
Francisco, Seattle and Portland, and the West
is with us and we are gratified to receive their
support. We seek no trouble, but propose to
protect our interests and industries.
We are suffering no loss arising from delay
on contracts which we were filling- at the time
our machinists struck, for all of our contracts
contain a strike clause releasing us from lia
bility.
The convention decided to make no defi
nite declaration as to the length of a day's
work, leaving the question to settlement
locally. After discussing the matter all
the afternoon the following .resolution
was passed:
The declaration of principles makes the ques
tion of hours and wages a local Issue.
Resolved, That this association will support
any regular . member in his endeavor to con
form to said; declaration of principles.
"This is a victory for the declaration of
principles enunciated at Chicago," said
Chairman Chalmers of the press commit
tee. "We have stuck to that declaration
all through, and are now for it still. The
question of hours will be settled locally.!'
After passing the resolution the conven
tion adjourned and the affairs of the as
sociation with regard to the machinists'
strike are in the hands of the finance and
strike committees named this morning,
subject to the general supervision of the
administrative council.
quarters has been established In room
207 of the Kmma. Spreckels building-.
The members of the board will receive
for this service $4 a day while actively en
grag-ed. and 10 cents per mile for each mile
traveled In attending- the meetings. This
money will not come out of the public
fui>ds. for every barber that is required
to get a certificate will be required to pay
$1 for his registration fee. This money is
to be deposited with the County Clerk of
each county and by him remitted to the
State Treasurer. It will cost, however, 1
$5 to get a certificate under other imposed
-conditions. Barbers •will be furnished with
"cards to post conspicuously In front of
their chairs," certifying to the fact that
they have complied with the requirements
of the act.
What constitutes a barber is defined as
follows:
• Section 15— To shave, trim the beard or cut
the hair of any person, for hire or reward re
ceived by the person performing such services,
or any other person, shall be construed as prac
ticing the occupation of barber within the
meaning of this act.
A3 the headquarters ¦ ia practically
Butchers, slaughterers and sausage-makers left their employment yesterday, but other men took their places in. many instances. Tha
general walk-out occurred early in the morning.
Machinists and ironworkers are contemplating retaliatory measures to overcome the action of the National Metal Trades. ¦_ /,
Representatives of the National Metal Trades have declared that if necessary millions will be spent in the present contest.'
One thousand men will be laid off at the yards of the Newport News Shipbuilding Company on account of the machinists^ strike.'
Arrests for Political Reasons.
BERLIN. June 12. — Special dispatches
from Warsaw tellof the arrest of numer
ous prominent Poles, includ'yg " Niewle
dcmskJ, for political reasons.
Arapahoes Are Quieting Down.
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, June 12.—
Governor Richards to-night denied the re
port from Helena that the Wyoming mili
tia had been ordered out to: suppress the
rebellious Arapahoes. Word from the
agency yesterday stated that the Indians
are, cuietingr down. , '
Announcement Is Made That Charles
Altschul "Will Soon Go to New
York.
NEW YORK, June 12.— It was an
nounced to-day that at the ¦ end of this
month . Eugene Arnstein ', and Eugene
Meyer will retire from the firm 'of Lazard
Freres and that their places will be taken
by Charles Altschul, at present manager
of the London-Paris- American Bank of
San Francisco, and E. I. Riser, now of
Heidelbach, IcUleheimer & Co.
Court Rules Out the Testimony of
One of Its Strongest Wit
nesses.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 12.— Judge
Wofford to-day ruled out the testimony
of one of the strongest witnesses pre
sented so far by the defense In the case
of Lulu Prince-Kennedy, on trial for the
murder of her husband. The defense had
evidently counted much upon being able
to present this testimony, and the court's
order to strike it out was considered a
blow to their side. Mrs. Kennedy was
visibly depressed by the court's action.
The witness was Edward W. Lewis, an
inspector for the Western Railway Asso
ciation Inspection Bureau, and a personal
friend of the dead man. Through him the
defense hoped to prove the theory that
Kennedy had ruined Lulu Prince under
promise of marriage and then refused
either to marry her or to live with her
after the marriage had been forced upon
him. |
The defense theory is that Kennedy
jilted Miss Prince for the Grand Rapids
woman mentioned In the statement. Other
testimony presented to-day by the de
fense • was an attempt to show that
Mrs. Kennedy was temporarily insane. at
the time of the murder.
The defense had not closed when court
adjourned.
PLACE TN EASTERN FIRM!
FOR SAN FRANCISCO MAN
KENNEDY DEFENSE
RECEIVES A SETBACK
Imperial Council Will
Meet Here Next
Year.
SAN FRANCISCO
WINS SHINERS
ing to Japan. They will leave on one of
the transports booked to sail next month.
Telegraphic instructions to organize
Troops L and M of the Fifteenth Cavalry
were received yesterday at the Presidio.
Lieutenant Ward B. Persling, Fourth
Cavalry, has been assigned to duty in
connection with the organization of the
troops.
Major George S. Young and Captain El
mer W. Clark, Eighteenth Infantry, have
been ordered to the State encampment at
Santa Cruz. They will report to Major
General John H. Dickinson, division
commander, for duty with the National
Guard of California during its annual en
campment.
; A board of officers consisting of Lieu
tenant Colonel Marlon P. Maus, Inspec
tor general United States Volunteers;
Captain Alexander B. Dyer. Artillery
Corps, and Captain Eugene T. Wilson,
Artillery Corps, appointed to examine
into and report upon the origin of and re
sponsibility for the fire which destroyed a
part of the General Hospital, is in session
at the Presidio.
The junior member of the board will act
as recorder.
Captain E. Davis, Artillery Corps, has
been detached from duty at the Presidio
and ordered to Camp McKinley, Hono
lulu. He will assume command of the
post, relieving Major William Ennis.
A salute of twenty-one guns will be
fired from the batteries at the Presidio,
Alcatraz Island and Forts Baker and Ma
son at sunrise on the morning of June 17
in honor of the patriots who fell at
Bunker Hill.
MATTERS still remain the same
in* the strike of the iron work
ers. Dispatches from the East
announcing that the National
Metal Trades had decided to
raise a fund of $500,000 was not seriously
considered, for it was thought about the
various labor headquarters that this could
be easily matched by the voluntary offer
ings of workingmen and the per capita re
cently levied. The Iron Trades Council
was in session all day, but President Mc-
Cabe announced during the evening that
no change had occurred. The executive
committee of the San Francisco Labor
Council was also in session, but had no
information of any reversal of conditions.
The Wine Bottlers and Cellarmen last
night initiated ten members. They will
meet regularly at B'nai B'rith Hall. This
union was but recently organized.
The Machine Coopers' Union has elected
the following officers:
President. M. Burns: vice president. It. Mil
ler; recording secretary. E. King; financial
secretary, M. Whelas; treasurer, L. Lipert;
serseant at arms, C. Biechoft; examiner, M.
Harris; outside guard, F. Brlckley; inside
guard. W. Prlgnitz; trustees— F. Greany, W.
Jacobson and W. Woerner.
the wholesale butchers, but the meeting
was productive of no results. Some dis
satisfaction was expressed at the failure
of the executive committee of the whole
sale butchers to put matters into shape
for definite consideration.. Another meet
ing will be held at B'nai B'rith Hall on
Sunday afternoon.
The delegation from the Journeymen
Butchers' Union that went to Badeu last
night had a most enjoyable time. They
went first to Butchertown and took the
shore road southward. The men in the
abattoirs were induced to unite with their
brethren In this city in the common
cause.
Most of the shops were to some extent
prepared for the anticipated walkout and
had engaged extra men. While delays
were frequent in the large markets, the
•smaller shops got along fairly well. In
many instances the men were notified
that if they left after all their demands
had been granted as far as hours and
wages were concerned, their places would
be filled with others. They went out
nevertheless.
More Butchers Will Go Out.
More butchers will go out to-day. While
many men are coming into the city, few
are able to handle the business of. a
large retail shop, ¦where alertness is re
quired. , Difficulty may also be experi
enced in securing competent slaughterers.
In this event, the slaughter-houses will
be closed down. Estimates as to the
number of men out vary. Definite reports
had not been received at the headquar
ters in the Temple.
BAJEtBERS' B0AB.D ORGANIZES.
Tonsorial Artists May Secure Certifi
cates by Passing Examination.
J. J. Calish of San Francisco, F. Flem
ing of Sacramento and P. W. Drake of
Los Anpeles. appointed members of the
State Board of Barber Examiners by
Governor Gage, under authority of the
last Legislature, organized last night by
electing Calish president, Fleming sec
retary and Drake treasurer. The head-
Corporal Norton E. Wood, Troop C.
First Cavalry, who has just passed an
examination for a commission, is a son
of Major Wood. The Major and Mrs.
Wood will visit him in Manila before go-
Major O. U'ood, Artillery Corps, U. S.
Jl.. »hief commissary of the Department
of California, has been appointed mili
tarv attache to the United States legation
a: Trkin. Japan. Major Wood served in
«"ura during the Spanish-American War
a. u lieutenant colonel and chief commis
pary of the Seventh Army Corps, and as
chief commissary of the Division of Cuba.
H* made for himself an enviable record.
Chosen Military Attache
for Legation at
Tokio. '
MAJOR 0. WOOD
GOES TO JAPAN
yesterday afternoon to discuss strike
matters. A policy was outlined to whlc.h
The attending representatives of the lead
ing suppliers of meat agreed. While none
will speak officially, it is claimed that
those butcher shops that are unionized
will find difficulty in securing; supplies.
In the immediate vicinity of the bay
wholesalers are thoroughly organized
and are gradually drawing into their
compact all the small slaughterers.
A rumor has been current that all ves
5f Is depending on this city for meat sup
plies could not eecure fresh meat. Ar
rangements have been made by which
this ¦will be averted- No dearth of meat
will be felt on any ship, as the whole
salers announce that they are deter
mined to see that the commerce of the
port is protected, no matter what local
conditions may prevail.
What is known as the Boss Retail
Butchers" Association had a special meet
ing last night at 8 O'Farrell street- It
was claimed iliat they were Invited by
Wholesale Butchers Meet.
The wholesale butchers held a meeting
ALTHOUGH no scarcity of meat
has as yet affected householders,
the fact that more than 1090 jour
neymen butchers left their work
yesterday morning at 10 o'clock
has greatly crippled the food supply of the
city. In some shops the men remained at
work. . These were the places where the
union card was displayed and in those
where the men had agreed to give em
ployers twenty-four hours' notice of In
tended departure.
As the men quit the bosses donned
aprons and took up the work the men had
relinquished. After a fashion customers
were served, but the prompt delivery of
goods was very problematical. As fast
as the men left the -shops they went to the
Turjc-street Temple, where they reported
to the secretary of the Journeymen
Butchers 1 Union. The heads of the or
ganization went to Baden last night to
eettle trade differences.
Xearly every place where meals are
served or meat sold was put to consider
able inconvenience. As soon as possible
pickets were established. Each one bore
a pink ribbon, on which was inscribed
"San Francisco Butchers' Union No. 115,"
with the seal of the union attached.
Strikers Issue a Statement.
Through the press committee of the
striking butchers the following announce
ment is made:
Approximately 1100 meat cutters and slaught
erers <iuit work. A few of our men are still
¦working in unfair houses — not many.
All i he union markets, of which there arc
about 2G0. are open, and will be able tu gel
meat desoite the wholesalers.
Only live of our cards have been sent back
thus far, thoujrh there will undoubtedly be a
few more. There are ISO retailers without cards.
This number Includes all the big shops, employ
ing- the most men.
Almost every union man In Butchertown ¦went
out. and all the slaughter-houses and packing
houses are tied up. If we can keep them tied
up we have the Ftrlke won. By to-morrow all
the union men will be out. save those working
in union shons.
No butchers are coming- from the country. A
few came from Los Angeles and Portland, but
they joined our union. We have had . several
offers of dressed beef and livestock, but are not
In the buyinir business, and have passed the
offers up to the union proprietors. These oilers
car..e from the middle West. Our men are
mostly single, and they all have money. They
are prepared for a long struggle, if necessary:
Machinists and Ironworkers Take Up the Action of the National Metal Trades
in New York and Discuss Retaliatory Measures, While the Employers in.
Conference Continue Perfecting Plans to Resist the Determined Strikers
BUTCHERS DROP KNIVES, CLEAVERS AND STEELS,
CRIPPLING CITY'S FOOD SUPPLY FOR TIME BEING
THE SAN FRAOSrCISCb CALIi, THURSDAY^ JUNE 13, 190 1.
9
GAMP REVERIE,
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS.
NOW OPEN.
"In AH California
No Place Like This."
AnOuting
On a New Plan.
Camp Reverie, on the Guerneville Branch of
the California Northwestern' Railway, Is prac-
tically a hotel under canvas. Accommodations
—tent and board— by the day or by the week.
There will be addresses by distinguished people
In the mornings, and specially arranged enter-
tainments—musical, literary, etc — foe the even-
ings. . . '¦ I -•" .
RUN UP FOR A DAY.
'Run Up Saturday and Return Sunday or
Monday,
Run Up and Back on Sunday,
and see for yourself — "In AH California No
Place Like This."
Round trip from San Francisco only $2.50.
Take boat at Tiburon Ferry. . Call on or address
Camp Reverie ' Association, Room 81, Flood
Bldg., San Francisco, for particulars and book-
lets; or write Camp Reverie Association, P. O.
Forestvllle, Sonoma County,' Cal. Booklets may
also be had at the ticket offices of the Califor-
nia Northwestern Railway. ~
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3% Hours' Ride From ! Los Angeles, CaL
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."- i -' •
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
' The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL. METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
• • For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets. apply to E . c< PECK , Agentt
. 10 Montgomery «t., Sanf Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
222 South Spring St., Los Angeles, Cal.
« is m nmr% hot springs, sonoma
.VAT /i/t/t.S Co : onl y 4 *4 hours from
UA/Il/vU San Francisco; but 9 miles
staging; waters noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath in State;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mall and express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip .from S. F. only $3 50. Take Tlburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
six years. Further Information at Traveler of-~
flee, 20 'Montgomery Bi~, or of J. F. MTJL-
GREW, •' Skaggs, Cal. .~"V
GILROY
HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
9 a m. and. 2:45 p. m. daily. For rates and
Illustrated pamphlets address P. ROBERT-
SON, Prop. . -•-'¦. » • ¦¦' ¦
LAUREL DELL UKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKE
County to spend a j vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, new walks
and boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
NAN, Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal. .
J^F Three trains daily; 2'i hours' ride. A
¦^^ Bettens, Mgr., Byron Hot Spgs., Cal.
. Lombard & Co., 36 Geary street. . City.
OWN A DOME IN T i B F E u A L u - CAMP MEEKEB
Buy lots $10 up; cottages built by Meeker, $30
up: boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill, depot, store, .postofflce at camp; board
and lodging $6; take Sausalito ferry, $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER,, or H. M.
GREGSON, Camp Meeker, Sonoma County.. -
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJOY GOOD
HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZY
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S. MARTENS, Prop.*, Bachelor P. O., Lake Co.
FERN BROdK PARK,
NILES CANYON, IS NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
nlcs or campers. Further information ad-
dress J. B. BARNARD, Prop., Niles," Cal. 1 ':
GLENBROOK.
Various amusements J Large and small game.
Table and beds unsurpassed. Rates only $8 and
$10. Apply 20 Montgomery st. or address O." W. (
R. TREDWAY, Prop.,* Glenbrook, Lake Co., Cal.
VACATION DAYS.
Outing Suits in Homespun or Golflngi; Jack-
ets Bilk lined, made to order only. Special for
the next 30 days....:........... ...........$24.50
LESTER, Ladles'. Tailor, 8 and 10 Kearny St.
VICHY SPRINGS, .
The only place in the - United { States | where
Vichy Water la abundant. •¦ The only natural
'Electric Waters: Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous: Baths TJnequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. d. J- A. REDEMEYER & CO..; W
. . - ¦ :\ : ¦.-.;, -, • \. ", .... Proprietors. .
r- DUNCAN SPRINGS, ;
Two ' • miles '. from Hopland ; ' best . medicinal
waters in the State; fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL, , Hopland, Mendocino Co., Cal. •¦
fGOOD FELLOWS' HOME,
AMID • THE' MOUNTAINS:- OF MENDO-
clno. Visit - this quiet little resort for
solid comfort. '¦; ¦¦ For " particulars - apply to S.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth street, • City. • ¦ «
HATEI fiFNPVA 'AND COTTAGES, j SAU-
IlUlCL UEnCT A SALITO. •: Only 30 minutes
from i\ the city ; . most location ; and
marine view ; an unexcelled summer , and win- ;
ter resort; table and service of the best. ¦-. W.' G.-
GRAHAM,*: late of Hotel Mateo, w Manager.- :.";
r TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS , FOR . A
few guests;' mountain -scenery;. pure air. $3-
per week. H. B..LAWLEY, ; Cali3toga,;Cal.(
|| HO! FOR TUB GEYSERS.
m via C: : C I Foss' ' Stage . Line ' from/ Callstoga.
The scenic i route. '¦ Livery In connection. , C C.
FOSS, j Proprietor, Callstoga, Cal. • ?:,
I Vendome ||
Central California
San Jose is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome Is Its most attractive feature.
Adjacent' to Lick Observatory, NewAlmadeii
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
.ess other attractions, reached ¦• over -perfect
roads.. Hotel , thoroughly modern and -first class
in every respect, with ( service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For fuVther Information call
at - "Traveler" office, 20 1 Montgomery street,
San Francisco, ¦ or address
GEO. P. SNELL, ,Mgr., San Jose, Cal.
PAR AIS0
HOT SPRINGS.
A grotto, 1400 feet up In the coast range,
overlooking the broad Salinas Valley; free
from fog- and winds; pure, dry, balmy air;
equable temperature; seven miles stage from
Soledad; hot and cold soda and sulphur baths;
tub and plunge; special bathhouses for ladles;
massage treatment; cement swimming tank,
30x60; hunting and fishing; all popular games;
hotel, cottages and grounds Illuminated by gas;
telephone and P. O.; round-trip ticket $3. C.
T. ROMIE. prop.; J. O. VALPEY. manager.
I ...NAPA..: • Napa County,!
ISO PA SPRINGS] Cal |
THE MOST BEAJJTIFUL OF ALL
health resorts. * '
Rates $10' to $15 per week. Two trains dally,
foot of Market street, 7 a. m. and 4 p. m. -
For further information address
:i . . y A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG" OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big .Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco |32. Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging iVi hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day arriving at Yosemite Valley 5 p. m.
Send for Illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.
Gen'l Agent, 630 Market St., opposite Palace
Hotel. 3. F.: tel. Black 3571.
OR C C3. O'DONNELL'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT^LEN \ ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-f
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease liver ( and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh in the world; 48
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N P. R. R« give special rates to campers:
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Inquire of DR.
C C O"DONNELL. office 1021% Market, bet.
6th and 7th. S. F. If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this is the place to go.
CAPITOLA
THE SEASIDE RESORT OF CENTRAL
California, on Monterey Bay. Now | open.
Free booklet. R. M. BRIARE, manager hotel;
FRANK REANIER, supt. camp, Capitola. Cal.
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
in all California; lots amusements; fine walks;
all mineral waters. - Rates, $10 and $12 per
week.Vi Open May 15. Circulars at cityofflce.
918 Larkln St., S.. F. DRURY & KROEGER.
RUBICON PARK,
A delightful summer resort on the shore of
Lake Tahoe. Everything new. j Best beach for
bathing on the lake: Fishing and hunting.
Boats fishing tackle and saddle horses at mod.
erate hire: $2 per day, or $10, , 112 and $14 per
week: Postofflce, telephone. A. L. FROST,
Rubicon " Park. Lake Tahoe, Cal.
i POINT ARENA HOT SPRINCS.
Greatly Improved. New cottages, large hall,
pianos billiard, pool and other games ; every-
thing new; $7 per week. Round trip by stmr.
Point Arena, $7. Inquire at Beadle Bros.', 34
Mission, and N. P. R. • R. Co.. 14 Sansome
st.. or of DR. W. A. McCORNACK, Point
Arena, Cal.' ¦ • ¦ . ¦" • ' ¦ - ' '
«-— ¦-" : THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
uniTprric Beautiful , Grounds at Holtt's
tltfl 1 * O. School will be open to summer
mcmi o ' guests during June and July.
mcllliU Superior climate, excellent
JPABK^ table; reasonable jflgg^ff-
ORCHARD SPRINGS SiSSS
Ia the roo^Jlli of tti« Sierra N.tuU Mountains, usar CoJfu, on
C P. R. R.. 136 miles from San Frudwo. No lUging ' Plain,
quiet retreat; finest scenery, water, moantaia air. fruit and climate
In California. Idaai forest. «rroondsan4 svrroandiutt. $S a week.
Send for booklet. , ORCHARD SPRINGS, CoISu, Cal.
- • ¦ e
' SUMMER HOME FARM,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS-FIRST-CLASS
family >resort; main hotel and cottages;
hunting and fishing; artificial lake for boating
and swimming: long-distance telephone;, camp-
ers' return ' tickets, J2 50; open the year round.
Bend for circulars. ¦ ¦ ¦ - ' •
' -• J. H. HAESTBRS, Glenwood, Cal.
\ KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect." On Klamath River.
Rates, $2 and $2 50 per day; $10 to $U per week.
Call Traveler Office,- 20, Montgomery, st., or
address: EDSON BROS.. Beawlck, .Siskiyou
County. Cal. - ' ¦ ¦ ¦ .
''PINE KNOLL."
Beautiful - mansion . house - and ) magnificent
grounds, situated In foothills, I one and a half
miles from - St. i Helena. Table - unsurpassed.
Terms reasonable. Address P. O. box 55, St
Helena,. Cal. ]¦ :" *. • •
93O.OO
Or less will cover all expenses of a 10 days'
trip to ' Yosemite. > " Curry's Office, : 630 Market
Bt ~* tSJ YC>SEMi~TE!!
CAMP CURRY •'.' i
Makes It possible for you to spend a week or a
month In Yosemite without exhausting all your
resources. -Rates, $12 per week; $45 per month.
Office. 630 Market street. ¦ ~ -.' ¦ ' "¦ .' .
, ..», ' YOSEMITE 1 1 '
V?.-v %-i$/- :
P. • O. EIj VERANO, Cal/, Verano Station
(King's Crossing), on California- Northwestern
Railway. -Hot mineral baths near by. •Terms.
$1 per day and upward. ;. PETER GOU1T.HAR-
DOU. lessee.' -¦ r -. :. . ' . :'
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
¦ Two' miles from 'St.' Helena., Board and room.
$7 a week ; I camping privileges. $1 50 per . week.
Address W. W. McCORMICK, . St. Helena.
€k M P T A VI Mt - Cottages, camping fishing; <
ly A llir IAIl.Ua 2D miles from S. F.; In the
redwoods."'. < Call Traveler office, 20 Montgomery
street, or address • H.' G. MARTIN, Proprietor.
H you want to
know where to
go this Summer
Call or write for
"VACATION 19O1"
.This is a little book just issued by the Cali-
fornia Northwestern Railway Company, and Is
profusely illustrated.' " It gives camping loca-
tions, hotels and mineral spring resorts . ia
Marln. Sonoma, Mendocino and Lake counties.
Besides,. It .contains a list cf about 200 farms
an<J homes . where board during the summer
months can be. procured at from |3 to $10 per
week^ Ticket offices, 630 Market street (Chron-
icle building) ' and Tlburon Ferry. General of-
fice. Mutual Life building. Sansome and Cali-
fornia* streets, San Francisco. K. X. RYAN.
General Passenger Agent. H. C. WHITINO.
General Manager. • • >
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS. !
Only Three Hours' Staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful p!ac«
In all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10, $12. $14.
J15 and ?16 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIG.
316 Montgomery St., and see photog/aphs of
hotel and surroundings. We take pleasure In
writing full particulars. Address CRAIG *
WARNER. .
ANNOUNCEMENT!
To all persons desiring a beautiful place for
camping would say that Wardland Is situated
in Sonoma County, in the heart of the Giant
Redwoods. ¦ Camping grounds are absolutely
free and only five minutes' walk from the de-
pot. The climate Is equable and free from cold
-winds. An abundance of pure -water, fishing
and hunting-. . Provisions easily secured near
camp grounds. Take North Pacific Coast Rail-
way to Freestone, Cal. Good accommodations
assured.. Family campers cannot do better.
For further particulars address I. T. "WARD.
Freestone, Cal. '" . .-
CAMELLIM
For the complexion, i Indispensable for thi
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan. sunburn and infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists. ¦
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
- Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Callente Springs. ! Son*om»
Valley. No staging: 48 miles via C. N. Ry. or
S. P. R. R. Immense swimming tank. Splen-
did table. Come Sundays, try it. Round trip.
\\ 10. Telephone; expensive Improvements; $12
and $14. COOPER & SHEDDEN, Agua Ca-
Uente. Cal. ; ' _^
-WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur" Creek, Colusa Co.. Cal., 28 miles by
stage west of Williams; fare $2. Hottest and
strongest . water on the Coast; temperature US
deg. • Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt - rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging,
including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGBART.
Proprietor. , -£\ . ' -
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
5 miles from station; beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery; good hunting, fishing In moun-
tain streams: short distance from Geysers;
daily mall: $7 per week. Further particulars
address G. H. BLACK. Geyservllle. Sonoma. Co.
JOHANNISBERG.
*Flrst-class family resort in the Napa red-
woods. Kxhllaratlng air, hunting. fl«hln»,
swimming and boating. Terms reasonable. In-
quire THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR., Prop.,
Oakville, Napa Co., or The Traveler's Bureau.
20 Montgomery st.
BLMONTE HOTEL.
First-class family resort; climate unsur-
passed; great relief for people with asthma; 63
miles from S. F.; fare $1 65; free "bus. Particu-
lars at Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery st., or
of JOHN NEVILL,. Proprietor. Los Gatos.
THE GEYSERS, 8"SK /
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NATXT-
ral steam baths; swimming, fishing, hunt-
ing - and livery. Write for pamphlet. I.
WERTHEIMEH, manager. '
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In the Santa Crux Mountains. Health, pleas-
ure fishing hunting and swimming; good
table- guests at home: never fall to com* back
again; send for souvenir. VIC PONCELET.
LI a gas. . '- ' - - ¦ ¦
Will HW DAVfH Former proprietor W.
nlLLUTl KAnwll Crandell— A summer homa
In the redwoods. S miles from Santa Crux:
running: water, swimming. ' croquet, abundance
of fruit* home cooking; table speaks for Itself, j
For particulars. TULEY & ILIFF. Santa Crui.
. WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
ZXi hours* ride from S. F.: 3 miles from Val-
lejo. Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
gia eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $8 to $10 a week.
Special nUeafamlUes. M.MAPRIP. Vallejo. Cal.
HOTEL 'BENVENUE.
- On the shore of Clear Lake; home cooking:
$7 per week and upward. -. F. and A. M.
SCALES. Lakeport. Lake County, Cal.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Barlett Springs.
Via Lakeport." carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30- arrive at Lakeport at J:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. - New 6-horse 14-pas-
' senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
¦ ; stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line. . ¦ . :¦ • •
. MILLER & HOWARD, Proprietors.
LAKE COUNTT.~New 13-passenger Yosemite
, Stage, all outside seats. .Leaves Callstoga
dally (Sundays excepted) at 11:30 a. m., direct
to .Harbin. -Seigler, ¦ Adams. Howard. Ander-
' son. . Astorgs and Glenbrook: buy round-trip
. tickets; -half an hour for lunch at Callstoga;
' also to Middletown. Lower Lake, Kelseyvilla
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
LA GUNA ¦ FARM— 1H miles from Mt. Olivet
• station; beating, fishing, bathing; $6 per week.
I MRS. R. BALLARD. Mt Olivet. Sonoma Co. ,
WElLICffl,
$1 per Ycaiv*
What $. & Sm Dogs W^fffi
fog* OhSBdren ' fy0%<
Children are constantly exposed to all sorts of dis- xjM&fr-^^&g
eases. The air they breathe is filled with germs, sewer lilpsv- "a^g*H
gas and dust from the filthy streets are inhaled into the
lungs and taken into the blood. At the crowded school Ly .
rooms and other public places they come in -contact HI / Vk
almost daily with others recovering from or in the first Mlj Vu^^
stages of contagious diseases. You can't quarantine Wk \\WS^
against the balance of the world, and the best you can . B^XAwifliflfs
do is to keep their blood in good condition, and thus "{M^r^y^'^^v
prevent or at least mitigate the disease. You have [rSSSSSSERS
perhaps learned from observation or experience that IjlBpilE^SPK
healthy, robust children (and this means, of course, I^Lj^^P^n
children whose blood is pure) are not nearly so liable to Wjm^'^m£
contract diseases peculiar to them, and when they do it »*y "^*/fi? JS^
is generally in a mild form. On the other hand, weak, Sift <2g*J$w
emaciated and sickly ones seem to catch every disease |VvS^>#s>
that comes along. This is because their blood is lack-' I A \\V^fi^
ing in all the elements necessary to sustain and build Br^4 Mjifc —
up the body. Poisons of every description accumulate, LJy i"'^'' ' j
in the system, because the polluted and sluggish blood <CX$
is unable to perform its proper functions. - Wf ' \x
Such children need a blood purifier and tonic to give [AifdplflpsSjL ' )
strength and vitality to their blood; and S. S. SJ, being a- j^@ra$PEfsMb
purely vegetable remedy, makes it the safest and best for ' I
delicate constitutions of children.. S. S. S. is not only;; |^p^*-'- |f^!|
'a perfect blood medicine, but is pre-eminently the tonic '&jM%&_J?&<lt
for children ; it increases their appetites and strengthens :• P 'JWJm49GSM&2'
the digestion and assimilation of food. If your child- | 'T^^^WMi
ren have any hereditary or acquired taint in their blood, i/// 11% *7jff^
give them S. S. S. and write to our physicians for any fflu fr(Jlmife
information or advice wanted; this will cost you- noth- L / «£f^Y?^
ing, and will start the little weaklings on the road to HaL L%Wi Jm
recovery. Book on Blood and Skin Diseases free." . . |^^ Jjnvjzai
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA. GA. W&Mes^ML
When one gets from food what the body
needs. It is easy to get well and keep
MIL »,£.;¦ .; .. ¦
"My bowels are "perfect, the nervous
trouble has gone. You can realize I ap-
preciate the value of Grape-Xuts Food.
Don't publish my name, but you can give
it in private correspondence and I will
take pleasure in answering the letters."
This is another evidence of the practi-
cal worth of Grape-Nuts Fo<>d in cases
of weak stomach and bad digestion. It
1* the most scientifically made food In ex-
istence and contains absolutely nothing
but selected i»arts of the field "grains so
cooked and prepared as to admit of al-
most immediate digestion and assimila-
tion, carrying with it the elements fur-
nished by the All Wise Creator for re-
building the nervous system, the soft
part of the brain and the polar plexus.
"I tried almost every kind of food, but
finally was put on Grape-Nuts and In a
little while it began to mane its worth
known. I began to sleep better nights,
my strength gradually came back, and I
gained in weight rapidly until a little
while ago I weighed 165 pounds and have
been a well man for months, with never
a touch of the old trouble. . .
A man in Kirksville. Mo., tells how he
got out of trouble by using Grape-Xuts
Food. He says, "My trouble was intense
suffering in the stomach. It was called
eastralgria, but no medicine gave any per-
manent relief. In June of last year I be-
gan to grow much worse in every respect
I was terribly constipateu and the stom-
ach pains were severe. I ran down until
I weighed only 120 pounds. I had to give
up my business, for my nerves were
completely unstrung and I could not sleep
more than two or three hours during the
night, and that only by snatches during a
lull in the pain.
It Is g-ood to know the kind of food
those with weak stomachs and hearts can
get along with, for when a man or wo-
man is a little below par, an easily di-
gested food is the thing thaf goes right
to the spot
, NEED STEAM?
Th.B Place to Get It Is From Selected
Pood.
GEAPE-NTJTS.£ B * <*"A U6% Butte & Boston.. ..114
Dominion Coal ... 33% Calumet & Hecla.825
t do prefd... ...... .116 Centennial ...: 30
US Steel 48% Franklin 17 .
do prefd 98^ Humboldt 25
General Electric... 248. Osceola ............ 87%
Mex Central 28 Parrot ............. 53%
DTE Gas & Coke.. 101 Quincy 1 ..170
Old Colony 206 Santa Fe Copper. .7
Old Dominion .... 32% Tamarack 330-
Rubber 20% Utah Mining 30
Union Pacific .....107 Wlnona *..... 2%
Union Land 3- Wolverines 56%
London Market;
NEW TORK, June 12.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial . cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was quiet, but the
tone .waa decidedly • cheerful. * /
London started off by buying a fair amount
of American stocks.: Then New York, which
started a selling movement, especially in Atch
ison, . checked the advance. Pennsylvania,
however, spurted later and on the curb, after
the market closed, prices improved. • .
The account proved considerably larger than
a. fortnight ago, the - general contango being
4% and Denver preferred 1.
CLOSING.
LONDON, June 12.— AtohisonJ 89%; Canadian
Pacific. 107%; Union Pacific preferred. 92%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 100; Grand Trunk,
11%; Anaconda, 9%; Rand Mines, 42%; United
States Steel, 51; do preferred, 101.- •
Bar sliver steady at 27 7-16d per ounce.
Money, 1@2 »er cent.
-New York Money Market:
NEW TORK, June 12.— Money on call, steady
at 2%@3 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3%@4% per cent: Sterling ex
change, firm, with actual business In" bankers'
bills at $4 88H for demand and at $4 S5% for 60
days. Posted rates, $4 86<3>4 86% and $4 89. Com
mercial bills, $4 84%@4 85%. Silver certificates.
nominally 60c. Bar sliver, 59%c. Mexican dol
lars. 47%c. State bonds, inactive;. government
bonds, steady; railroad bonds,- lregular,
Condition of the -Treasury.
WASHINGTON, June 12.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general - fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
divlslo/f of redemption, shows: •
Available cash balance,; $164,794,680; gold, $95,
853.582. 1 ,'¦¦¦.-' ¦ '/.-¦- ;;
STOCK MARKET.
THE COAST RECORD.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL. . , . '
' Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening ;.'... 6 9>4 ¦ 6 8%
Closing ,..:..... 6 9%: 5 9%
'• - ¦ . ' '-. PARIS. ¦ * ... '
Wheat—' . June. Sept. Dec.
Opening ..*.. 19 80 ~" .- f 20 50
Oosing "• 20 10 *. 20 70
' Flour—. - ' . ' ' ..¦.."'¦-.•.
Opening .......24 70 • „ 26 20
Closing '.".... .....25 10 -26 55
Boston Wool'Mdrket.
BOSTON. June 12.— The 'American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: ¦ : •¦':;-'*
There, is a slightly better feeling In the wool
trade, as > the cesiilt of the Improved j changes
noted in the goods market. - The demand , has
been more general ' this week than It has been
for . some , time, both the ¦ large and small mills
being represented in the market. The-purchas
ing,- however, -¦ has been \ in "very ¦ small .lots,
which. In the aggregate, • make . a fair average
volume of business. The feeling in the trade
is that business Is going to grow broader stead-
Articles— ' ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ............... 80,000 13,000
Wheat, bushels 164,000 7,000
Corn, bushels 434,000 674.000
Oats, bushels '. 316.000 305,000
Rye. bushels .' 1.000 1,000.
Barley, bu«hels .'...... ,9,000 .8.000
On the,Produee Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, 15@18%c: dair
ies. 13@16%c. Cheese, steady*, 8%@10c. Eggs,
io%c. • ' ¦' ' • ¦ _ V -
NewYork Stock Market/
NEW TORK, June 12.— The stock market fell
Into remi-etagnation during the latter part of
tlie day. and the gains which were estab
lished In the morning were pretty generally
wiped out under. the driblet of Belling orders
which came /upon a market almost bare of
demand. Various points of *>trength made their
appearance during the day. but they lost their
Influence in sustaining prices. The more cheer
ful feeling in London was quite a noticeable
Influence in the open dealings. Rumors have
been very persistent for several days now that
pe&ce Is approaching in South Africa. To ap
preciate the Importance of an adjustment of
the long-drawn-out etruggle there, that is lor
the world of capital, it must be borne in mind
what enormous demands the British Govern
ment makes on accumulated capital for the
conduct of the war as well as the absolute
cutting off of an important portion of the
world's'gold product while the war lasts. The
large disbursements by the Government on war
account, combined with transfers of Russian
dcpoGlts from Paris, is what has given the
London money market its present ease and has
led to some expectation that the governors of
the Bank of England will further reduce the
minimum discount rate at to-morrow's weekly
peselon. A 10 per cent installment, amounting
to $30,000,000. of subscriptions to the -new con
«ol. Issue* due next week, and the -demand for
money which will result is a factor against the
reduction in the bank rate. In the local mar
ket the London influence had spent itself. The
most notable features of the market were Mis
souri Pacific and Pennsylvania, which each
rose at" much as 2% at one time. The suppo
sition ie that the Missouri Pacific directors will
meet next Monday and put the stock on a 5
per cent basis. Stocks of a<fillated companies
xhowed some . sympathy, especially the Denver
and Rio Grande stocks. The --"movement in
Pwineylvanla was due to to-day's report of
the* acquisition of the Pennsylvania Steel Com
pany by the railroad company to safeguard its
nteel rail supply. The United States Steel
rail FtockR were rather significantly heavy, but
the stocks of independent companies shot up
)n a striking manner. The movement in Colo
rado Fuel was sensational, the extreme ! rise
reaching 1£%, and the jumps between sales
reaching as much aa 2% points. A violent n-
Cash quotations were as follows: Flojr, dull;
No. 3 spring wheat, 67@B8c; No. 2 red,:70@71c;
No. 2 corn. 42V4c; No. 2 yellow, 42%c; No. 2
oats. 27%<B2S%c; No. 2 white. 29%c; No.- 3
white. 2"V6«328e; No. 2 rye, 49c: good feeding
barley, 48c: fair to choice malting, 61c; No. 1
flax&eed, $180;. No.. 1 Northwestern, $171;
prime timothy seed, $3@3 60; men pork, per
bbl. $14 85@14 90; lard, per 100 lbs, $8 12%@8 25;
short ribs sides (loose). $8 07%@8 10; dry salted
shoulders (boxed).' 6%@7%c; short clear sides
(boxed), $8 23®S 37%; whisky, basis . of high
wines, $127. Sugars— Cut loaf, 6%c; granu
lated, D.77c;. confectioners' A. 5.64c; off > A,
6.49c. ' . -¦•¦..
Morning ' Session.
' - ' Board — - .
100 Kern .*. ..'.•- 4 90
-100 Kern, b 30 5 00
10 Kern River- ......'... 8 50
200 Monarch of Arizona 31
600 Monte Crlsto. b SO..: 2 15
600 Occidental of . West , Virginia. - 50
50 Oil City Petroleum ..." 25 ¦
100 OH City Petroleum ..'.: 26
, 10 Peerless, s 90..:.........: :... 5 00
4500 Petroleum Center ...'...".:.". 03 '
50 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 8 37^
7500 Sovereign ......... 25 .
700 Sterling. .......'...•., 1 23
¦'. 50 Wolverine '...:.." '..... 75;
. . -Afternoon Session.
' 500 Home ............ *^.... ••••••••• .••"...'.¦.."« % 15 -
r 25 Kern River 8 50
200 Lion, s 90 ' .'... ..'./' 11
1000 jLion '...•::..'......... ..:...-...:........-.¦ n
; 300 Monarch of i Arizona ...........;.. t.. 31
600 Monarch . of Arizona jr.7T.Tr.'.';:;.~r:.* 30
1000 Monte ' Cristo ............ 2 15
60 Oil Clty.Petroltum ' . 27 -
'25 Peerless .:...... •r.i.v.%; .............. 537%
PRODUCERS' . OIL EXCHANGE.
Board— , .. ' " •" <
¦ 60 Alaska Packers' Association.". 130 00
19 Bank of California. ....409 00
1 IBank of California 408 00
» 73 Contra Costa. Water 80 50.
50 Equitable Gas 3 37%
25 Honokaa S Co 2137%
45 Kllauea Sugar P Co. ..;. is 87%
150 Kilauea Sugar P Co, s 90 "... 18 75
, 50 Kilauea Sugar P Co ..19 00
50 Kilauea Sugar P Co, s 90 ;.; 19 00
80 Kilauea Sugar P Co ; 19 12%
135 Oakland Gas. b 10 6100
200 Onomea Sugar Co .....:. ...-•.......}. 23 00
¦ 20 Pacific Gas Imp- 34 00
B Pacific Gas Co ....:..'......... 34 14.
10 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.. 38 CO
$7000 S P of A bonds (1909)...... 113 12^4
. Street—
$10,000 Contra Costa Water bonds... 109 75
10O Paauhau S P Co : ..C. 28 25
$25,000 S V 4 -per cent bonds (2d mort)..103 25
S San Francisco Savings Union 53a 00 •
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
Board — ' .- . .
23 Honokaa 21 50
75 Honokaa .*. 21 37%
25 Honokaa 21 23
$1000 Los Angeles Lighting 5 per cent.. 102 00
330 Onomea Sugar Co" 22 00 J
325 Paauhau' S P. Co 26 25
200 Pacific Gas Imp 33 00.
50 Pacific Gas Imp .... x . 33 12%
5 Pacific Gas Imp 33 25
-165 Pacific Gas Imp ...'33 37%
8 San Francisco . Gas & Electric Co.. 36 25
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.. 38 75
5 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co..- 36 87%
$4000 S P of A bonds (1909) ....113 00
$2000 S -V 4 per cent bonds (2d mort)..102 25 "
. W. F. Whittier | to Martin and • Maxen K.
Nielsen, lot on NE corner of Union and Frank
lin streets, E 24.41 by N 117.329; $2500.
Same to Jane S. Qnitty. lot on N line of
Union street. 124.41 E of Franklin. E. 25 by V
117.329; $2000. *.
Albert H. Quatman to Martin C. Hassett
lot on S line of Jackson street, 130:8 W of
S°g5Hf i£; 5 °$750o S 127:8% ' E 23:3 ' N £&
_Patrick F Ward to Mary I\ Ward, lot on
E line of Ashbury street, 839:2 S of Frederick
S 30, E 159, NE to a point, W 165; gift.
Lizzie E. Pratt et al. vs. ¦ Riland C. Good
speed et al. (by G. H. Buckingham.- referee)
to F. H. Cosgrove. lot on NW . corner of
Twenty-sixth and Treat avenue, W 113:6 by N
73:6; $3245.
F. H. Cosgrove to John P. Cosgrove. un
divided % of same; $2000. 1.
Lizzie E. Pratt et al. vs. R. C. Goodspeed
et al. <by G. H. Buckingham, referee) to J.
J. Donovan, lot on E line of Alabama street.
140 S of Twenty-sixth, E 200, S 103-213 N 140;
$2500.
Julia V. Rltter (wife of John F.) to Mary
F. and Ellen Brown, lot on S line of Twenty
third street. 175 W of Sanchez. W 25 by S 114
quitclaim deed; J10.
Oliver Eldrldge to Mary G. Buckingham
<wif e of G. H.). undivided 1-3 of following:
Lot on S line or Sutter street. 117:6 W of
Mason. W 130:6 by S 137:6: also lot on W line
of Mason strtet, 127:6 S of Sutter, S 10 by W
117:6; gift. '
- Wilhelmlna and E. Kxehmke and Amelia
Noltlng to Charlotte H7 Foulkes. lot on SK
line of Minna street, 123:4 NE of Fifth. NE
24:8 by SE 80; $3C00.
Charlotte F. Clarke. Charlotte H. Wright
(Moulder) and Leslie A. Wright to Joseph
Malfanti. lot on S corner of Mission and Spear
streets, SW 91:8 by SE 137:6; $123,000.
John Cullinan to 'Real Estate and Develop
ment Company, lot on W line of Missouri
street. 130 S of Eighteenth (Solano). S % inch
by W 10O ; grant. ,
J. Frank and Mary E. Batf to Sophia Ka
show (wife of Israel), lot on E line of Fourth
avenue, 325 N of Clement street, N 25 by E
120: $3500.
Gertie E. and F. G. Head to Henrietta W
Bentley. lots 576 and 578. Gift Map 3; $500 "
Syndicate Investment Company to Olive Ver
kouteren. lots 17C0 and 1752, same: $500
Mildred I." Crowther to Joseph B. Marshall
lot 37, block 18, Lakeview; $300. . .
Alameda County. ;
Claus B. Tackle to Gertrude Kleferdorf lot
on X line of Seventh street. 100- W of Alice
W 30 by N ICO. being lot 24 and E 5 feet of loi
23. block 80. official map. Oakland: $1500
Redfleld W. Stone to Loula Lazarus, lot on
N line of Thirteenth street.- 250 ¦ W of We^t
W 30 by N 100. Oakland (subject to certain
deed and asrreement>: $2000.
William J. and Elizabeth KItto to Timothy A
Spauldlng, lot on N line Of Thirty-first street"
390 W of West. W 23 by N 140. being the W
half of lot 31, block 203S. Rowland Tract, Oak
land; $10CO. -
Margaret O'Neill to iWiUlam O'Neill. ' lota 9
to 13. 17 and 18, block B. lots 6 to 14 16 to
22. block C lot 1. block D, lota 1 to\13' 15 t.">
IS. 21 to 23. block F. lot 7. block & lots \
to 15 and 17. block G. lots 2 and 3. block H
lots 3, 4, 6 to 14. ? 17, to 25, -block I lots lb
17, 19. 20, 22 to 23, block J.- lots 6 to 10, block
U. all In the Golden Gate Tract. Oakland: also
lots 9 to 15. JS to 24. on map 2. - property of
William O'NAll. Oakland: also lot ra E line
of San Pablo avenue. 66:6 N from center line
between the rails . of . S track; of Berkeley
Branch Railroad, thence N 104, E ?09;9. S 55 W
216 to beginning, portion of plai 43. Rancho" V.
and D. Peralta, Oakland: also lot 9 block I
Weston Tra«. Oakland: also lots 1. 2. 4. 5.
9. 10. 11 and 12. block 643. official map. Oak
land: also lot on-E line of Broadway. 173:9 N
of Moas avenue. N 72 by E ISO. lot 5 and 3
half of lot 4. block I, Weston Tract. Oakland;
gift.
Katy Welcker (wife of William J.) to Katy
Welcker. lot on W line of Shattuck avenue
111:5 S of University, W 150 by. S 18:5 2-S. bel
Ing the N ' third of lot ¦ 3. block 1. tract A.
lands of Berkeley. Land and Town Improvement
Association, Berkeley; $10. ,
- Katy A. Welcker to Henrietta Welcker. lot
on NW corner of Durant avenue and Ellsworth
street. W 150 by N 130. Berkeley (subject to a
mortgage for $3000); $1<X
Katy Welcker (wife of W. T.) to Katy
Welcker. lot on SW corner of Bancroft way
and Ellsworth street. W 150 by S 130. Berkeley;
John W. and Kathryn B, Atkinson to H. A.
Johnson, all Interest in lot on E line of Euclid
avenue. 40 N of Ridge road (Daley avenue) N
10 by E 123. being the S 10 feet of lot 2. block
12, Daley's Scenic Park. Berkeley; $50O.
Julia R. Long Robinson) to Thomas
R. and Barbara Walker, lot on N line of Ninth
street, 162 E of Chester, E 30 by N 82:9 block
553, Boardman's map, Oakland; $1500.
Margaret O'Neill to Mary P. O'Neill. lot on
NE corner of - San Pablo avenue and Menlo
street.' E SCO by N 245. Oakland: also lot on
N line of Neil street, 100 E_^>f San Pablo ave
nue. .E, 40. N 25S.15. W 411.44, S 158.S2 to be
ginning. Oakland: gift./'.
• Philanda G. Lincoln to J. H. T. Watklhson,
18.32 acres, being lot 5*. In part A. Bowman
Tract, ¦ excepting lots 6 to 13 in subdivision or
block A. Lincoln Park; also lots 1 to 6 In
subdivision or block B, Lincoln Park; Iot3
B to 15 and 17 to 20 In subdivision or block
C. Lincoln' Park; lots 4. 5, 7. 10, 13, 13 to 1*
in subdivision or block D, Lincoln Park* also
lota .7 to 10 and 14 In subdivision or block E
Lincoln Park, Oakland; $8300. ,, •
,/ xftdlders' Contracts.
Giuseppe Vlschl (owner) with George Eber
(contractor), architect J. A. Porporatc— \11
work except shades and chandeliers for a two
story and basement frame building (two flats)
on E line of Dupont " street, 162:6 N of Fil
bert. N 25 by E 62; $3440. ?¦'".;."
S: A.. Wood (owner) with A. S. Ruch (con
tractor), architect E. A. -Mathewg— All work
for a two-story frame dwelling on S line of
Pacific avenue, 107:6. E of Walnut S 127-gw
by E 30: $1500.. . -,* •-. ,• . . •! 7 *
H. P. P. % West (owner) with O. A. Craemer
(contractor), architect C. A. Meussdorfrer— All
work except mantels, : gas fixtures and ¦ shades
for a .three-story frame building (stores and
flats) on S line, of Ellis street, 137:8 B at Lar
kln, E 63:9 by, S 157:6; $14,341.
BEAX ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Exchange and ' Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days^ ....*.. — $4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 80%
Sterling cables — 4 80
New York Exchange, sight — • 12%
New York Exchange, telegraph.. — 15 -
Silver,- per ounce — ¦ K9%
Mexican Dollars, nominal....... 49% @ 50
Wheat and Other . Grains.
.WHEAT— The markets .were quiet and fea
tureless everywhere. Chicago. opened a shade
firmer, with free selling of July by commis
sion houses. September was very firm. There
was a fair export business at Tuesday's break.
The San Francisco market was unchanged on
the spot, but futures did better.
$i S o^i@i 5 03y at ~ Shlpplng *~ 87% ® 98%c: mI1 "ng.
CALL BOARD i SALES.
Informal" Sesslon-9:15 o'clock-December—
8000 ctls, $102%; 14.000, $102%.
Second Session— December— 14.000 ctls. $1 02%;
2000, %\ 02t£. *; ¦ . - ¦ .
Regular Morning Session— December— 6000 ctls,
$1 02%; 50.000, $1 02%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls.
BARLEY— Dull and unchanged. Feed. 72%®
73%c for No. 1 and 70c for off jrrades; Brewing
and Shipping grradea. r 77%@S2%c; Chevalier,
nominal. >
Feed. 72%®73%c for No. 1 and 70c "for. off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 77%@
82%c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second | Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
68%c; 28.000, 6Stfc - . ¦ •
Afternoon Session— December— 4000 etln. 68%c.
OATS— Dealers report a dull and unchanged
market. White. $1 42%<ffl 55; Surprise. $1 50Q>
165; Red, $1 35® 145; Black. $1 22%@1 32% per
Ctl. • ¦ .'<¦ ' ¦ - ¦
CORN— Small . round Yellow. - $1 50; Eastern
Yellow, $127%®130;. White. $130; -mixed,
$1 ZT^fc. . ¦ . . ¦ , - -
RYE— Quoted at 75680c per ctl. - '
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65 . per ctL
ex-warehouse. ...¦¦•¦.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family : extras/. $3 25®
3 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 15®3 25;
Oregon, $2, 60@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers. $2 75
@3* ¦ . . . ¦
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks . are as fol
lows,? usual . discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs ; Rye . Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour,' $7; Corn Meal, $3; ex
tra cream do, $3 75: Oat Groata. $4 75; Hominy.
43 75@4; Buckwheat Flour, " $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina.- $4 60; Wholes Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled' Oats '(barrels), $6 35@7 85;
in sacks, $607 50; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas.
$5; Green Peas, $6 50, per 100 lbs. '.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
; Choice Hay was quoted firm. A Car of fancy
new wheat, sold at $1L but ; this figure .was
above the market. ¦ . Prices . for, new wheat and
oat, however, are higher. " Volunteer,-; stained
by rain, J sells ; down to $4 . per ton. Old / Hay
continues firm for grain, -but Volunteer. Is still
weak and out of demand.- The medium grades
of grain Hay. 'which have been selling at $10®
11. are now bringing $11@12 and are especially
firm. .. ¦ ¦' , .-• *..-'.----»':¦ -¦¦¦ . - .:• - ¦ -- ¦»-.
'-' There Is ' no further change - in Feedstuff s.
Bran and Middlings are firm. ¦ .
• ; BRAN-$17©W per ton."' ; ' ¦ '• • .
t MIDDLINGS— $18 60@20 'per ton. ¦
. FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled -¦ Barley. . $18 6O®17 50
per ton; Oilcake, Meal at the mill, $23@26; Job-
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
Pacific slone except in California, where it
is clear. L'.ght scattering showers have oc
curred in the Sierras, and light rain has been
general throughout Washington, Oregon. Idaho.
Nevada and Utah. A thunderstorm is reported
from Carson City.
The pressure has risen over the country west
of the Rockies except in Arizona, where there
har been a slight fall.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
Nevada. Utah. Southern Idaho and Northern
Arizona. There has been a slight rise in the
valleys and along the coast of California.
Conditions are favorable for fair and some
what warmer weather in California Thursday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight June 13:
Northern California— Fair, warmer Thursday:
light northerly wind.
Southern, California— Fair Thursday; light
west wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Thursday; warmer;
light northwest wind.
Utah— Cloudy, with showers Thursday; fresh
northwest wind.
Arizona— Showers in north portion; fair In
eouth portion Thursday: light northerly wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair, warmer
Thursday.; light northwest wind.
. G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
Temperature 7 a. m.. 52 degrees.
LOCAL MARKETS.
CHICAGO. June 12.— The only thing that
favored .wheat at the opening was the compara
tive firm tone'" of ..the cables. July sold at the
beginning of the session %®%c higher at 71%@
71%c. but the improvement diminished under
the better crop conditions and determination on
the part of the pit operators to take profits on
the advance over yesterday's close. Steadily
the price declined to 70>4c. At this point the
short interests began covering and a rally to
70%@"0%c ensued. This upward movement was
Inspired in some degree by the strength In Sep
tember wheat, and July. 'held steady to the
close, -which was %@?4c lower at 70»£@70%c.
September wheat was fairly active and sold
between 6S%c and 69%c, and closed firm at %@
%c higher at 69%c. " *
Abundant jnoisture and sufficient warmth for
- growing corn, with Indifferent demand for ship
ping, caused corn to rule heavy at a slight de
cline most of the session. July closed %c lower
at 42-%c. . . ... •
Trading in oats was moderately active and
narrow. July closed quiet and lower at 27^c. .
Provisions were firm In the early part of the
session on higher prices for hogs and lighter
receipts at the yards. There was fair country
buying on the reactions. July pork closed 7%c
improved, lard a shade lower and ribs 2 Vic
down. *• - ,
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close. '
Wheat No. 2—
June 7OV4 * 70% 70 70.
July 71%. 71% 70V4 70%
September 69% C&% 68% 69%
Corn No. 2—
June .... ...: 41%
July 42% 43% '42V4 42%
September 43% 44 43% 43%
Oats No. 2—
July 27% 27% 27% 27%
September 26V4 . 26%' 25% 25%
Mess Pork. i>er bbl —
July .14 90 14 90 14 85 14 85
September 15 05 15 07% 15 00 15 02%
Lard, per 100 lbs— . . ;
July 8 60 8 60 8 52% 8 55
September 8 67% 8 70 8 60 8 62%
October 8 70 8 70 8 65 8 65
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
I July 8 07% 8 10 8 07% 8 07%
! September 8 12% 8 15 8 10 8 12%
WEDNESDAT, June 12—3 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. ,
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
«s quar reg 113^4114% 4s qr cp (new)139 140
4s quar coup..H2»4113i4 Ss quar coup. .109 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co PC os.105 — Oceanic SS 5s.l02%103%
Cal-st 6s 118 Omnbus R 6s.. 127 —
C C Water 5s.lO9tf — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 63.-128^133% Pk & C H 6s.. 108 —
Fer & Cl R 63.115 — Pk & O R 6s. .117 —
Geary-st 6s.... — — Powll-st R 6s. 120 —
H C & S 5%s..lO6% — Sac E G R 5s. — —
Do 5s — 102% S F Ss. SJV 5S.120U —
Los Ang R 5s.ll4i4 — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 6s. — 102 S P of A 6s.. !
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 (1909) 113 113\i
Do gntd 5S..102 . — (1910) 114 —
L A & Pac 5s. 102 — S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. 102% — O905) Ser A. — 103
Market-st C 6s — 127% (1907) Ser B. — 10J%
Do 1 c m 5s.l22% — (1906) :..109%110%
Nev Co R "s.. — 113% (1912) 119 122 .
Nor R Cal 6s.H4 — S P of Cal 1st •
Do 5s 11S%119»4 cp Kntd g- 5s. 107 —
Nor Pac C 6s. 100 — S P Br Cal 6a.l34 136
Do 5s ...:... — .108% S V Water Js. - 113%
Nor Cal R Bs.110 113 Do "4s 102 102%
Oak Gas 5s.... 112% — Do 4s. 3d m.101%102
Do Trans 6s.ll6%117% Stktn Gas ta.100 — .
1 Do "Wat 5s. .104 105 .
WATER STOCKS. '
Contra Costa.. 80% 81 I Spring Valley. — Si
Marin County. 52% — |
GAS AND ELECTRIC.'
Cent L & P... 3 — Pacific Lt 47% —
Equitable 3Vi 3% Sacramento ... — 33 .
Mutual ......... 4 — S F G & E.... 3S . 40
Oakland 50% — San Francisco. 4% 4%.
Pacific Imp... 34 34H Stktn <*.& E.. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund.235 — I .
¦ BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77 81 iL P & A 147 — -
California 408%410 Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.;lO7% — S F National.. 120 —
First. NatI ....309 315
SAVINGS BANKS.'
German '.1900 . — * Sav & Loan... — - — ¦
Humbcldt — — Security 273 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust. .1400 — '
San Francisco. 525 535 ,
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130 134 O 8 L & H.... 40 —
Geary — #40 Presidio 25 —
Market : 7CU — t
>¦ POWDER.
Giant — 77 <VIgorit 3 3U
SUGAR.
Hana ..........'• V,i 8 • iKIlauea 19% —
Hawaiian — 55 IMakaweli 3S% —
Honokaa ...... 21% — I Onomea 21S 22U
Hutchinson ... 19H 19%'Paauhau 26V4 —
. MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska, Pack.. 129% — Oceanic S S... 47 50
Cal Fruit Can. — 98 Pac Aux F Al. 2 — .
'Cal Wine Asn.lC0 Pac C Borax. .165 —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint 16 —
On the morning session of the Bond Exchange
Pacific Gas was higher at $33@33%, and Gas
& Electric at $36%@36%. The other stocks were
undisturbed. Business was quiet.
Trading was active In the afternoon. Pacific
Gas was still higher at $34% and Gas & Klec
trlc at $3S. Alaska Packers sold at $130, Bank
cf California, at $408@409 and Kllauea Sugar at
$18%©19K.
The. oil stocks sold fairly at low prices.
The Hutchinson Plantation Company has de
clared a dividend of 20c per share payable on
the 20th. . - • . -
The Central Light and Power Company -will
pay a dividend of 5c per share on the 20th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
NEW YORK, June 12.— The market for evapo
rated apples ruled rather quiet but about steady
at unchanged prices.
State, common to good, 3>4@5c; prime, 5^4®
5%c; choice, 6@6Uc; fancy, 6@7c.
California dried fruits ruled quiet. Prunes,
2%@6\ic per pound as to size and quality.
APRICOTS — Royal, S@12c; Moor Park, 7%@
12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@10c
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, June 12.— FLOUR— Receipts.
18,890 barrels: exports, 12,042 barrels; weak and
5@l6c lower to sell. • -.
WHEAT— Receipts, 25,650 bushels; exports,
83,306 bushels. Spot weak; No. 2, 74%c t. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, 77%c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. 84V4c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth, 87%c t. o. b. afloat.
Options opened firm on foreign buying and
better cables than expected, but developed
heavy July liquidation and ruled weak all day.
Closed about steady at He decline to Vic ad
vance. July. 76%®77%c, closed 77c; September,
74V»@74%c, closed 74%c; October, 74%@75Hc
closed 75c, N 1 *
HOPS-Qulet. ¦•«
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio No. 7, quiet; No. 7 In
voice, 6c;. mild, quiet; Cordova, 8>4@12c.
Futures closed steady, with prices net 10
points lower. Total sales. 23,000 bags, includ
ing June, 6.15c: July, 5.15c; September. 5.25c;
October, 5. 2505. 30c; December, 5.45@5.55c;
January. 5.55@5.60c; March, 5.65@5.70c; April,
5.70c; May, 5.75(g5.80c. . '
BUTTER— Receipts. 12,492 packages; steady;
creamery; 15^6@19 l ,4e; factory. 12@l*Hc. --
EGGS— Receipts, 17,854 packages. Dull and
weak; Western candTed and selected, 12»4(3>13c;
Western ungraded, 12c. <• • . •
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal. 96 test. -Hie; molasses sugar. 3%c. Re
fined, oulet.
New , York Grain and Produce.
Coinage of tlie Mints.
The coinage of the United States mints for
the current fiscal year is as follows:
Double eagles $52,800,560 00
Eagles 27.038,270 00
Half eagles 13,178,035 00
Quarter eagles 100.S20 00
Standard dollars 21.736.750 00
Half dollars 4.503.375 00
Quarter dollars 3.638.353 50
Dimes 2,650,385 00
Five cents W69.794 W
Cents ....! 593,690 00
Total 1900-01 127.410,482 60
Total 18?9-O0 135.275.757 64
Wall-Street Conditions.
The circular of Henry Clews says:
" 'Whilst the present position of affairs, is
again BUggestlve of bull tendencies, yet if\is
beset with possible complications and surprises
that counsel keeping a sharp outlook and ample
margins.
"It is hardly necessary to note the hopeful
conditions connected with the crop prospects,
the prosperous condition of home trade, the
abundance of our exports and the closing of
war conditions in the PTflltpplnes. The present
range of prices much more than discounts any
thing warranted by conditions of that char
acter. The all-controlling factor is the ex
traordinary railroad situation and especially
the nececsity arising therefrom for the pro
curement of large masses of stock for a spectal
and transient purpose. Therein lies the force
and direction of the market. It has created
a set of momentary conditions extraordinarily
conducive to speculations and has already pro
duced an elevation of prices far above the nor
mal or what can bs expected to prove per
n.anent. Yet, as matters now stand, it is
quite possible that values may rise 6till higher
and may retain the artificial advance for some
irjoderate time to come. Three p*r cent return
upon couimon stocks of railroads cannot be
counted upon as satisfactory for a perma-
TH»ncy, and investors may be expected "to turn
their attention later on to more remunerative
investments.
"The present market affords great facilities
fcr getting long of stocks, as tho6e who now
hold them have them for sale, but those who
buy at the present range of nrices I advise
to get out with great celerity on-the rallies."
Weather Report.
<120th Merfdian-iPaciflc Time.)
.SAN FRANCISCO. June 12—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 56; Mount Tamalpals, 64: Independ
ence 76: Red Bluff. 76; Fresno, 80; Los An
geles. 72; Sacramento, 74; San Luis Obispo,
6S: San Diego. 62. V
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60: minimum. 4S: mean. M.
action left the stock only 8% net gain. - Ten
nessee Coal rose iVk and the American Car
stocks, the Republic Iron and Steel stocks,
Sloss-Sheffleld and Smelting between 1 and i
points. The dealing in Colorado Fuel was for
Chicago account National Lead continued to
show the effect of expected benefits from a
Standard Oil control of American Linseed. The
New York public utilities were 6trong on the
hope of escape from the provision of the fran
chise tax. Northwestern preferred recovered
7 points of yesterday's 13-po-lnt • loss. Move
ments of any significance outside these stocks
were confined to a few stocks.
Mexican Central income bonds were In good
demand, but the general bond market was dull
and irregular. Total sales, par. value. $3,965,
000. United States bonds were all unchanged
on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
13.100 Atchison 86V4
3.200 Atchison prefd 102%
2,100 Baltimore & Ohio 1C9&
400 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 96
800 Canadian Pacific ..104
Canada Southern 6S%
500 Chesapeake & Ohio 49%
500 Chicago & Alton* 46^
200 Chicago & Alton prefd 81%
300 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 196%
SOO Chicago Ind & Louisville 3S%
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 73
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 130
3,200 Chicago & Great Western 23?i
100 Chicago & Great Western A prefd 82%
600 Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 60is
Chicago & Northwestern 195
200 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 166%
700 Chicago Terminal & Trans 22%
Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd 43%
200 C C C & St Louis 85%
600 Colorado Southern : 15»i
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 51
400 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 22%
100 Delaware & Hudson ....167
Delaware Lacka wanna & Western.. 235
2.5C0 Denver & Rio Grande i 5214
26.100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 101
16,100 Erie 43%
400 Erie 1st prefdi*-. 70
100 Erie 2d prefd 55%
600 Great Northern prefd 185%
Hocking Valley 53%
Hocking Valley prefd 77%
500 Illinois Central 143
200 Iowa Central 35%
600 Iowa Central prefd 65
Lake Erie &. Western 58
Lake Erie '& Western* prefd 120
7,200 Louisville & Nashville 109%
20.100 Manhattan Elevated 121%
9.600 Metropolitan Street Railway 173
4,600 Mexican Central 28%
200 Mexican National 11
500 Minneapolis & St Louis 94
3.6C0 Missouri Pacific 122«i
1,000 Missouri Kansas & Texas 31%
600 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 64
New Jersey Central 160
400 New Ycrk Central 155
1.000 Norfolk & Western 56%
Norfolk & -Western prefd 89
Northern Pacific 120"
100 Northern Pacific prefd 98VI
4,300 Ontario & Western 37%
109.500 Pennsylvania 152%
6,200 Reading 43%
3,500 Reading 1st prefd 7SU
1.200 Heading 2d prefd 5514
1,000 St Louis & San Fran 47U
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 86
S.1C0 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 73 -
3,500 St Louis Southwestern 3514
1.200 St Louis Southwestern prefd 69
4,100 St Paul leg
St Paul prefd .-. 187
21,200 Southern Pacific M%
29,000 Southern Railway 33%
1.500 Southern Hallway prefd 87
9,600 Texas & Pacific 48
100 Toledo St Louis & Western 22%
400 Toledo St Louis & Western prefd.. 38'
17,200 Union Pacific 107%
1.200 Union Pacific prefd 84«
2.SO0 AVabash 24
2,909 Wabash prefd 43%
3.900 Wheeling & Lake Erie 19>> !
SOO Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.. 33 " I
Wisconsin Central ,. 23H
Wisconsin Central prefd 45
P C C & St L 78
Express Companies—
100 Adams .180
'. .American .' 198
United States 90
Wells Fargo 153
Miscellaneous—
11,800 Amalgamated Copper 121%
24.103 American Car & Foundry 32%
4,300 American Car & Foundry prefd.. 86%
600 American Linseed Oil 22%
400 American Linseed Oil prefd ....;.. 52 i
4,100 American Smelting & Refining 58% i
2.600 American Smelting & Refining pfd 93%
11,500 American Tobacco 134%
500 Anaconda Mining Co 48l£ 1
24,900 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 81% !
1S.300 Colorado Fuel & Iron 107%
2,900 Consolidated Gas ....222
7,600 Continental Tobacco 68% j
SOO Continental Tobacco prefd 122
700 General Electric 247
100 Glucose Sugar 57
3,600- Hocking Coal 24% ,
100 International Paper 22
International Paper prefd 78
900 International Power 97
« Laclede Gas 85
300 National Biscuit 45
18,900 National Lead .'. 24%
300 National Salt 44%.
200 National Salt prefd 77
100 North American 92
200 Pacific Coast 66
103 Pacific Mall : 41
1.100 People's Gas 115%
2,400 Pressed Steel Car ..'... 44%
1,000 Pressed Steel Car prefd 86(4
Pullman Palace Car ':7 208«4
10.900 Republic Steel 20'
' 400 Republic Steel prefd 76%
32.500 Sugar ; f.140%
14,700 Tennessee Coal & Iron 62%
600 Union Ba? & Paper Co 15%
100 Union Bag & Paper Co prafd.... 71%
1.200 United States Leather 13%
500 United States Leather prefd 80 '
United Rubber 20%
United States Rubber prefd 62H
4O.R00 United States Steel 4<!7i
6.900 United States Steel prefd 98%
800 Western -Union ...S^. 94%
643.300 Shares sold
CLOSING BONDS.
\S S ref 2s reg 106% N Y Cent lsts.....lO7%
do coup 10714 N J Cent gen 5s.. 132 t
U S 36 reg 109 Nor Pacific 3s ,72%
do coup 109 do 4s 1051*
U S new 4s reg.... 439 N Y C & St L 4s. 106%
do coup 139 Nor & West con 4slO2%
U S old 4s reg... .112% Ore Nav lsts r.109
do coup 113V- do 4s .. . 103
U S Bs, reg :.10S% Ore S L 6s !!!l28
do coup 108% do con 6s..' 120
D of C 3 60s 125Vi Reading gen 4s.... 98
Atchison gen 4s... 104 R G West lsts... 102
do adjust 4s 98 S L & I M con 5s. inu
Canada So 2nds...lO8«,£ S L & S F gen 6s..l36Vi
Ches & Ohio 4V4S..108 St Paul con ...!! 184
do ss .'. 120V4 St P C & P Ists..!ll8
Cht * KW con 7S.1421* do 5s ng«
do S F deb 5s... 122 So Pacific 4s. "I"' 93%
Chi Terminal 4s... 98 So Railway 5s. Ustw
Colo So 4s 89% Stan R & T 6s..... 64
D * » O <s M3H Tex & Pac lsts....U6Vi
Erie general 4s 90 do 2nds 69
F W & D C lst..lO7% Union Paciflc'"4s'.'.106 •
Gen Electric 5s. ...185% Wabash lsts . 118 r
Iowa Cent luts 116 do 2nds .. 111
L & N unl 4s 103% West Shore 4s":':il4
M K & T 2nds 84V 4 Wls Central lsts.. 94%
do 4s 99% Vir Centuries 96%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ....... 15 Little Chief "«
Alice 40 Ontario "*"sno
Breece 1 50 Ophlr " 2{
Brunswick Con ... 16 Phoenix . ' 14
Corns toe k Tunnel 05% Potosi ".."" «o
Con Cal and Va.. 2 35 Savage ..."*" . n?
Dead wood Terra... 50 Sierra Nevada w
Horn Si»ver 1 13 Small HopeV "" «
Iron Silver 58 Standard . a £'
Leadvllle Con 05 ' 3 fe
BOSTON STOCKS -AND BONDS
Money— ¦ 1 West End ." 01%,
Call loans 3@3% Westing Electric —
Time loans 3%@4% Bonds-. ,"
Stacks— Atchison 4s '..... 10314
A T & S F 86 N EG & Coke 5s 62
do pref d 102% Mining Shared-? :
Amer Sugar ;.....140% Adventure ... i7it
Amer Telephone ..153% Blng MlnCo.."" 22
Boston & Albany.253 Amal Copper . " # l2l« !
Boston Elevated... 182 Atlantic ... " *nt
Boston * Main*.. 194 Boston & Moniliiliso
1000 Petroleum' Center 03
100 Petroleum Center, s 90... 02
100 Sterling „.... _ 133
SAN FRANCISCO OIL 'EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
- Board—
lOOOFour Oil Co ; 33
1100 Four Oil Co ;.... 35
3 Hanford 84 0t>
1000 Junction • 20
400 Lion .-...." 12
5000 Petroleum Center, s 90 03
200 Sterling 123
Afternoon Session.
Board— • - v f • , ' ¦
500 Four Oil Co , 33
500 Lion 13
50 Peerless _ 5 25
5000 Petroleum Center ..................... 03
200 Sterling 125
MINING STOCKS.
The folio-wing were the sales in tho San
Francisco Stock . and Exchange Board, yester
day: i
Morning Session.
SCO Best & Belcher 20 400 Ophlr ,. 9G
10O Con Cal & Va..2 40 100 Overman 28
BOO Gould & Curry 07 400 Sierra Nevada. 25
400 Mexican 14 200 Union Con 19
200 Ophir 98 200 Yellow Jacket.. 11
500 Ophir 96
"¦ Afternoon Session.
100 Con Cal & Va..2 401 100 Sierra Nevada. 23
200 Gould & Curry OS 200 Silver Hill 30
60 ophlr 98l
The following -were the sales In the. Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 20 200 Ophir 97
400 Con Cal & Va..2 35 500 Savage ......... 10
500 Gould & Curry 07 200 Silver Hill 29
3C0 Mexican 14
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 20 500 Mexican 1»
200 Challenge Con.. 17 200 Ophlr 39
600 Challenge Con.. IS 300 Overman 28
200 Con^Cal & V.2 37% 200 Sierra Nevada. 23
CLOSING QUOTATION'S.
.WEDNESDAY, June 12—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
¦Alpha 03 04 Justice 02 03
Alta — 02 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 04 05 Lady "Wash ... 01 —
Belcher 06 09jMexlcan 14 15
Best & Belcher 29 21 Occidental 03 04
Bullion 01 03 Ophir 93 1 00
Caledonia 45 50 Overman 26 27
Challenge Con.. 18 19 Potosi .......... 10 11
Chollar 05 07 Savage ......... 09 10
Confidence 63 70 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 35 2 40 Seg Belcher.... — 03
Con Imperial.. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 25 2G
Con New York. — ¦ 01 Silver Hill 30 31
Crown Pointl... 08 09 St Louis 08 —
Eureka .Con 06 —Standard*.. S 70
Exchequer — C2 Syndicate 05 07
Gould & Curry 07 08 Union Con' 18 li)
Hale & Norc... 26 * 27 Utah 03 03
J"»a — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 13 14
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and Exdiange as previously quoted.
Wheat and Barley quiet at, previous prices.
Oats, Com and Rye continue dull.
Hay firm, with an advance in several descriptions.
Beans and Seeds shpw.no further change.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables continue in ample supply. ]
for Butter, Cheese and Eggs remain as before.
Peaches and Apricots plentiful and lower.
Three cars of Oranges sold at auction. .
Dried Apples in light supply and good demand. s
Cottolene higher. Other Provisions unchanged.
Nothing new in the Meat market.
Fair sales on tlie local stock exchanges.
bln'g; $26 50:'Cocoariut Cake, $17®18; Cora Meal,
$28®29; Cracked Corn." $28 50®29 50; Mixed Feed.
$16 50® 17 50.V?if<- : tesCwA5B*S'*r^2S!w* fc * w M» i
HAY— New, $9@10 for Wheat. $8 50®9 50^ for
Wheat and Oat and $4@7 50 for Volunteer. Old
Is quoted as follows: .Volunteer, $5®8; Wheat.
$11 50@13 50: WTieat • and Oat, $10@12 60; Oat,
$9611 50; Clover, nominal; Alfalfa, $8@9 50;
Barley, • nominal, • per ton. ; ' ¦ .
STRAW— 25@47%c per bale.
x / Beans and Seeds.' .' ¦ ¦
The market continues .dull and unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 4502 60; Small White, $4 80
@5; "Large White, ; $4@4 20; Pink. $1 40@l 70;
Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3 10@3 25; Llmas, $6 25
@6 35; Pea, nominal; -Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown -..' Mustard. : nominal; -.Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary, 3V4@
Sic for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 2@
&tc; Hemp. 3%c; Timothy. 6%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 60 per ctl. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
{ There is • no particular change . in Potatoes,
and Onions. . Vegetables also stand about the
same, supplies being ample for . all needs.
' . POTATOES— Burbanks, - $1@I 40 for" Oregon;
New Potatoes, ' $1 25@1 75 in sacks ajid $1 23®
1 90 for Burbanks and $1@1 35 for Early Rose
in boxes. ¦ -"-.-• - : ¦ " : •'¦¦ "'¦ ¦ : - ¦¦•'-¦. „¦
ONIONS— Australians. Jobbing, at $4@4 25;
New Red, 35@50cper sack; New Yellow, 90c@
$1UO per ctl. -j ¦•¦¦¦¦¦.'_¦
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 25@85c per box;
Asparagus, $1 50 for large, $1@1 25 per box for
No. 1 and 40@75c for. No. 2; Green- Peas.- $1®
150 per sack; -String Beans, lV4@4c; Cabbage,
60@75c per ctl ; Tomatoes, from Los Angeles,
75c@$l; \ from .Winters, '75c@$l; Dried 'Pep
pers, 12@18c; Dry Okra, 15@20c per lb;. Car
rots, 25@35c per sack; Marysville Cucumbers,
$1@1 25 per box; Winters, $1 75; Bay, $3 50;
Garlic, 3@4c; Green Peppers, 15@20c per lb; Egg
Plant. 5@10c per lb; Green Corn, $1 25@1 75 per
sack: Summer Squash, 50@65c per box; Bay do.
$125@150. ! '.
Poultry and Game.
The market continues oversupplled wlth'Hens
and very. young stock, which are slow of sale
and weak. Ducks, too, are in free supply and
dull.. . . . v -¦ ¦ .
A car of Eastern came in, making four for
the week. -¦ • • . ¦ ¦• ••
POULTRY-Llve Turkeys, 9@10c for Gobblers
and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1@1 25;
Goslings, $1@1 25; Ducks. $3 50® 4 for old
and $4@5 for young; Hens, $3 30(34: young
Roosters. $6@7 50; old Roosters, $3 50@$4; Fry
ers, $4@4 50; Broilers, $3@3"50 for large and $1 75
@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 25(31 50 per dozen
for old and $1 85@1 50 for Squabs. ¦ '.. • .
GAME— $1@1 25; Hare,- $1(31 25: Rabbits.
$1 25@1 50 for Cottonatll and 75c@$l for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The advance in Eggs has apparently increased
the daily. receipts, as will be seen. Some deal
ers' quote V firm market for fancy ranch, while
others complain of excessive . stocks and say
they are willing to shade the quotations to sell.
The Cheese market continues heavily supplied
and weak. <¦¦-_¦ • • . ¦ , '.
There is no change in Butter. I Stocks are
ample for all needs and . the market is quiet/
and featureless. _ ¦-.-'¦''•/
Receipts were 37,800 pounds and 60 tubs of
Butter, 1232 cases of Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs, 34,500 pounds ' California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery," l"V4@18c per lb~~for
fancy and 16^@17c for seconds; dairy, 14@16^c
per lb. --
¦ CHEESE — New, 8@9c;. old, nominal; Toung
Americas, 9@10c per lb. .
EGGS— Ranch, 15@18%c for good to fancy;
store, 12%@14%c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
. BUTTER— '
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts. 16c;- seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts, 15c; seconds, -14c;
store. 13c. . .
CHEES.E — Fancy, full cream, 8c;- : choice,
7'/4c; common, nominal; Toung Americas. 9V£c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@>16%c per lb. -\
EGGS— * - - - X
California Ranch— Selected White, 17%c;
mixed colors, 15c - per dozen. ' .
California Gathered — Selected, 15c; standard,
12$ic; seconds, lie. .. . . .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Three cars of Oranges were auctioned, as fo! v
lows: Seedlings, $1 10@l 40; Valenclas, 75c@
$2 25; St. Michaels, $1 80@2 30.
All citrus fruits remain as quoted.
. Orchafd fruits are very weak and in plenti
ful supply. Apricots are lower. Green Pears
and Email , green Apples are slow of sale.
Peaches are weak. " . v
Berries are weaker. i V
¦A box of black Figs came In from Vacaville,
as will be seen below.
: r DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— New, 25@35c "per small and 50c@
$1 25 per large box, and 2(l(S35c per basket.
APRICOTS— 30@50c per box, 40@65c per crate
and 30@50c per basket. . .
CHERRIES— 50c@$l for dark and 65c@$l for
Royal Anne; in bulk, 4@9c per lb for black,
3@5c for red and 6®9c for Royal Anne.
PLUMS— 15@40c per box, 2o(ri ">0c per crate, and
15@30c per basket for Clyman, and 75c@$l per
crate for Tragedy.
CHERRY PLUMS— 25®50c per box.'
PEACHES— 25@60c per box. and 30@50c per
basket. - - . .
PEARS-^Madellnes, 15@30c per box and .15®
25c '?er basket. ¦-'
STRAWBERRIES— $6@8 per chest for Long
worths and $3 50@6 for large berries. Receipts
were 349 chests. • '• -. -- .
LOGAN BERRIES-i$5@6 per chest. •
¦ BLACKBERRIES— H@7 per chest and 50@63c
per crate. • ¦ ¦ . I
RASPBERRIES— $3@9 per chest and $1 25 per
crate. ' ¦
GOOSEBERRIES — 30©35c per drawer and 2@
3%c In bulk; Oregon improved, 3'/4@5c; English,
¦7@8c t>er lb. - .
CURRANTS— $3 50@6 per chest.
. FIGS — From' Vacaville, $1 50 per box.
MELONS— Watermelons, from Indlo,' 30@40c
apiece; Nutmegs, from Yuma, — per crate.
- CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, .$1 25@3;
Seedlings, $101 75: Mediterranean Sweets. $1 25
@1 75; Valencias. $1 50@3; Tangerines. C0c@$l 23;
Lemons. 75c@$l 25 for. common and $1 50@2 50
for good to choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50; Mex
ican Limes, $4<g'5; Bananas, $1 50©2 50 per bunch
for New Orleans and $1 50@2 for - Honolulu ;
Pineapples, $2@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, N fits and Raisins.
Ar>ples are firm and sun dried have a wider
range. Otherwise there ' is nothing new. ; The
Eastern markets are reported quiet for everj'
thlng. except Apples, which are very, firm at
the advance . already noted: ' -^
FRUITS^-Aprlcots. 5@7%c for old .crop" and
7H<S8%c for new; Evaporated Apples, 5Vi®6c;
sun" dried, l%@2V4c; Peaches, 3%<r?4c for stand
ard, 4H@3%c for choice and 6(S6Hc for fancy:
Pears, 2@7c: Plums, pitted. 3(5 4c; unpitted. %@
VAc;- Nectarines, 4<g4V4c for red and 4@5c for
white.. - -
PRUNES— 4 st2es. 3c; 40-50s. 6>4c; 50-60s. 4\ic:
60-70s. 3»ic: 70-SOs. 3%c; 80-90s. 2%c; 90-100s. 2Vic;
1C0-120B. 1V4C .' -
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice; - lie:
Etandard. 10c: prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. . Sultanas— Fancy. lOVic per lb;
choice, 9V4c;' standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; . Seedless, 50-lb boxes.
6V£c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown. 6c.
Pacific brand— 2-crown, Be; 3-crown, 5%c, and
4-crown, : 5V4c; seeded (Fresno prices). 5%c;
London Layers. 2-crown, .- $1 50 per box; 3
crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50;
Imperials, $3. AH prices f. o. b. at. common
points in California.' " .¦
NUTS— Walnuts. No. I softshell. ll@ll>4c:
No. 2, 8<gSHc; No. 1 hardshell. 10®10>4c: No. 2.
6H<37V4c; Almonds, J3@14c for paper-shell, 10®
lie for softshell and 5@6- for hardshell; Pea
nuts 5@6c for Eastern; 'Brazil Nuts. ll@ll^c;
Filberts. 12@12V£c; Pecans, ll@13c ; Cocoanuts,
$3 fiO@5. - — -
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and 9@9Hc
for light amber; water white extracted, 5®5%c;
light amber extracted, 4@4^c; dark, 3M& -
BEESWAX— 25®28c per, lb. - . . y-.- '..•
Provisions.
Higher prices for Cottolene are noted. Other
wise there Is nothing new. -
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy :
12H©l3c for light medium., 13%c for light. 14^c
for extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12M:@13c; Mess Beef, $12
per barrel; extra Mess, $12 50; • Family, $11 50;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear, • $23; Mess.
$19; Smoked Beef . . 13V4©14c per lb... .. • ?,
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and -10%c for "pure; half-barrels, pure,
10%<f?10?ic: 10-lb tins. ll?rilHc;'5-lb tins, llftc."
y COTTOLENE-^>ne half-barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9%c:one tierce, 9V4c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb. _y . .' ~
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND : SKINS— Culls and brandssell
about lHc under ; quotations. ' Heavy Salted
Steers. 10%c;; medium, -9@9V4c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides. -8H@9c for heavy and 8®8Hc for light;
Stags, «V4c; . Salted Kip, 9tfc: Salted . Veal.
9Vi@Wc; Salted Calf, 10c; 'Dry Hides, 16@16%c:
Culls, . U\<i<&Uc : • Dry . Kip. 16c ; Dry Calf. , 16H@
17c;* Culls: and - Brands, 13@14c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 15i@30c each;-: short •- Wool. : 3O@3Oc
each; "7 medium, ¦¦ 60@75c; long Wool, , -' 80e©$l
each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50@2 75 for large
and $2 25 /or medium. $1 50® 1 75 for small and
50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 73 for large.
$1 50 ~*of medium, $1 25. for small' and 60c for
Colts. • Deerskins— Summer : or red > skins, - 35c ;
fallor medium skins, '30c; winter or thin skins.
20c. . Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; » large and
smooth.'. 60c;: medium, : 35c. • ¦¦. . ¦'•'¦ " ;•» .;
-TALLOW- No. 1 rendered, 4%@5c per lb; No.
2, »H@4c: grease. 2@2%c .•¦ . ¦
WOOL-Sprlng. 1900. or. 1901— Humboldt : and
Mendocino. 13@14Hc per lb: Northern,; free, 12??
13c; defective, 9@llc: Middle County, free, 10®
lie ; •¦ do defective, » 8@10c ; ; Southern, . 12 months,
8#9c; Southern, free, 7 months, ; 7@10c; "do, - de-
lly. although, perha^a; «lowly> For fine wooia
there is a good Inquiry arid the statistical posi
tion . of ! such • stock is strong. Prices, there
fore, are firmly , held. Coarse and low wools
also are » rather steadier. There has been no
decline as. far as can be learned. • -- • V ; . -^
The early shorn wools in' Wyoming have been
pretty well cleaned up, and many buyers have
left there.- Montana will be the. next scene
of operations. . ' '^ / ..' ' ¦'."* * V
.The sales of the week In Boston amounted
to 2,890,000 pounds domestic and 315,000 pound*
foreign, ; making . a total of 3,305,000 pounds,
against a total of 3,785,000 pounds for the pre
vious week, and a total of 2,053,000 pounds for
the corresponding week last year. • - --'••v.Aj.-
The sales since January 1 amount to 48,211,900
pounds," against 65,247,000 pounds for the cor
responding time 'last yeajv ' • .,
California -Fruit Sales.
NEW. YORK, June 12.— Eaxl Fruit Compa
ny sales of California fruit: Apricots-^-Royals,
$1 20@l 70 - single crates. Peaches— Alexanders,
85c@$l 45 box. , Plums— Clymans. 65c@$l 40 sin
gle crates. ' Prunes— Tragedy, $2 05@2 65 single
crates. ' ¦ ; . , . '.. ¦'¦¦•.'.
Porter Bros. Company -sales: Apricots-
Royal, $1 35@1 50;; Montgamet. ' $1 30@l 50 iper
crate, 40@70c boxes. Peaches-Alexander. $1
@1 15. Plums— Clymans, $1@1 45; Yosabe, $1 35.
Prunes— Tragedy.. $3 15 . -
¦ CHICAGO. June 12.— Porter Bros. Company
sales 'California fruit:- Cherries— Tarter lans.
60c@$l 15;' Spanish, 95c'; Bigereau, 15c@$l 10;
Royal' Anne, 60c@$l 10;' Republicans, «0c; El
gin; 80c; I Centennials, 45c. Peachesr-Alexan
ders, 40@55c crates; 'Briggs May. •' 40c; Orien
tal, 35c. Apricots— Royal, 85c@$l; Montga
mets, $1; Blenheim, ,50c. Plums— Japan, -75c@
$1 05; Clymans, . 50@55c; Yosabe. 65c: Ogon, 70c.
Prunes— Tragedy, ,il 55@1 70; Slmoni, $2.
Earl Fruit Company sales : Apricots— Royals,
60c@$l 70 single crates. Peaches— Alexanders.
45@50c : box> Plums— Clymans, I 35@55c single
crates.' '.S'A-v
Chicago Livestock Market.
. CHICAGO, June 12.-CATTLE-Recelpts,
21,000.' • Texans, $5; choice, steady; others weak,
including butchers' -stock and Texans: good to
prime steers, $5 50@6 30; poor to medium, $4 50
@5 40;' stockers and feeders, $4@5; cows and
heifers, $2 75@4 10; canners, $2@2 70; bulls, $2 80
@4 65; -calves. $4@4 85; bulls, $2 75® 3 85.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 26,000; to-morrow,
25,000; estimated left over, 2500. Opened active.
Be ? higher, closing easier; mixed and butchers,
$5 80@6 20; good to choice heavy. $6@$ 25 I rough
heavy, $5 85@5 95; light, $5 80@6 10; bulk of
sales, $6 05@6 15. ... .. .'.•-'
SHEEP— Receipts, 15,000. Choice", steady;
others, Blow; spring, up $5 65; good to choice
wethers. $3 85@4 10; fair to choice mixed, $3 60
<g>3 95; Western sheep, $3 90®4 10; yearlings. $4
04 40: native lambs, $4@4 10; Western lambs,
$4 60@5 10. < .
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 12.— Tin in local metal cir
cles suffered a severe setback to-day under liq
uidation, notwithstanding the fact that that
metal in - London .was 10s higher. The local
market declined about 20 points in spot and
closed easy, ¦ while futures were weak and at a
discount of 1 cent from spot. This conforms
withithe import price from the far East. After
a steady day the London tin market cloBed
with spot at £131 7s 6d and frifcires at £126 10s.
Copper ruled a shade firmer London, spot
closing at £69 Es and futures at £69 13s 9d.
Here the . market was without ' feature and
prices were nominally unchanged. Lead, while
holding quite steady, ¦ was unchanged as to
price at home and abroad.' Spelter was very
dull here and in London,'' closing at $3 95@4 and
£17 6s 7d, respectively, representing a falling
off, of 2s 6d In the latter. • Domestic Iron mar
kets ruled very quiet to-day, but had an easy
undertone at yesterday's prices.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 12.— On the first call the
market was quiet, with prices unchanged to
3 points lower, turned the market upward; July
rose to 8.28c. Under selling for outside account
and a -withdrawal of early buyers, the local
market worked off to SV&e for July and 7.60c for
August soon after midday, but . soon became
strong on a fresh scare of shorts and buying
from the South and the West. Closed steady,
prices net unchanged to 8 points higher.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. June 12.— Clearings, $381.
213; balances. $58,830.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., June 12.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 59@60c.
"•-.. WASHINGTON.
TACOMA,' Wash.. » June 12.— Wheat, declined
%c to-day. Nearly a million bushels will be
exported this month, but exporters have a good
supply and . the . market Is not affected. To
day's quotations: Club. M^c; blue stem, 61%c
I ¦. foreign Markets.
LONDON.- June 12.— Consols. 93 11-16; silver,
27 7-16; French rentes, lOlf . 2%c;- cargoes on
passage, rather easier; cargoes. No. 1 standard
California, 29s 9d; English country markets,
quiet, steady. ¦
. LIVERPOOL. June 12.— Wheat. <qulet; No. 1
standard California. 6s ld@6s 2d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour In Parts, 'steady; French
country, markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England.- fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 21-32d.
. . CLOSING. "
WHEAT-Spot, steady;' No. 2 red Western
winter, 6s;- No. 1 Northern spring, 6s; No. 1
California, 6s Id. Futures, quiet; July, Ss 9%d
September. 5s 9Vid. .. • , . , »
CORN— Spot, quiet; American " mixed new, 3s
lid; "do old, 4s 2%d. Futures, quiet; July, 3s
10%d; September, 3s ll&d. ¦
fective, 7 months. 768c;: Oregon Valley, tee,
14@15c; do, medium and coarse, 11913c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good, 9@llc;
Nevada, lie.- . \,iV- jrrv« r *3i
HOPS-15©20c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The Journeymen butcher* went out on strike
yesterday.* and this may affect the market if it
keeps up any length of time.* Otherwise there
is nothing new.-..
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are a» follows: .-.- - - ¦- . ¦ .
> BEEF— 1@m.c for Steers and 6@6%c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large. 7%@8c: small, 8®9c per lb:
MUTTON— Wethers.- 7®8c; Ewes, 6%@7c per
pound.
,LAMB — Spring.' 8@9c per pound. ¦ ' i ¦'- '»."•:-¦
PORK— Live Hogs. 180 lbs and under, 6©6%c;
180 to 225 lbs, 6c; 225 and over. 5%@5%c; feed
ers, ; dressed Hogs, 7%@9%c.
General Merchandise.
* GRAIN .BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $3 65; Cal
cutta Grain . Bags, 7%c ; local make. %c ' less
than, Calcuttas;.. Wool Bags, -30@34c; Fleece
Twine, 7%@8c. .' '
. COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton;' Soutbfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $6 50: Coos
Bay, $5 60; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per. ton ; Coke, $15 per ton. In bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand. -; ,-•¦.- ... .-•
_OILS-Callfornia Castor Oil. in cases, No. 1,
73c; pure..$l 30; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
<5c; raw, 73c; cases. Be more- Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels. 80c; cases. 83c; China
Nut, 53@63c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil.
Sf"™ 8 ' 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm. - pure. 65c;
Whal e Oil, natural . white, 37%@42%c per gal-,
'on: Fish Oil. In barrels. 35c; cases. 40c. S
; COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
12%c; Pearl Oil. .In cases, 18%c; Astral, 18%c;
Star, 13%c; Extra Star, 22%c; Elaine, 23%c;
Eocene, 20%c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 15c; In cases. 21c; Benzine, In bulk. 14c;
In cases. 20c; S6-degree Gasoline. In bulk, 20c;
in cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE— 53c per gallon in cases and
49c in drums or iron barrels. ¦ •
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.25c; Powdered. 5.S5c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5. 85c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 6.75c: Fruit Granulated. 5.73c; Mag
nolia A. 5.35c; Extra C. 5.25c; Golden C, 5.13c;
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 23c more; box
es, 50c more; 60-lb bags. 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Domlnos. half-barrels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 12.
Flour, qr eks.... 10,992 Wool, bales 28
Wheat, ctls 3.630 Chicory, bbls ... 23
Barley, ctls 6,700 Suftar, ctls 300
Corn, ctls 25 Tallow, ctls .... 204
Potatoes,' sks';... 1,489 Leather, rolle ... 34
Onions, sks ...... 960 Pelts, bdls 230
Bran, sks 2,382 Hides, No ........ 351
Middlings, sks-..* . 700 Lime, bbls. 182
Hay, tons 452 Quicksilver, risks 49
Straw, tons 16 l '
. WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 7.252|Hops. bales ¦ 2
Corn Meal. sks.. 400 1 Flaxseed, sks .... 204
¦ / EASTERN.
Corn, ctls ....... 500) , \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLi THURSDAY, JUNE 13, 1901.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
e * 2 O 2
f s|j?g&? *E if
STATIONS. 3 Ifll^S Se : = f
| • lisp r ;?
Afrtoria 30.11 S€ 46 SW Cloudy .12
Baker 30.C2 60 38 XE Cloudy .06
? arson 29.88 60 44 SW Cloudy 0
Eureka I9.lt 56 42 X Pt CIdy 0
Fresno :».9O 78 58 NTT Clear T.
Flagstaff 29.94 70 36 SW Cloudy 0
Pocatello. Idaho. 30.00 El 46 N\V Rain .02
Independence ....29.70 76 60 W Pi Cldy 0
Los Angeles 29.94 72 52 SW Clear 0
Phoenix 29.70 96 60 SW Clear 0
Portland 30.10 56 48 S Cloudy .24
Hed Bluff 29.92 76 48 X Clear 0
RoEeburg 30.12 62 40 NW Cloudy T.
Sacramento 2S.S4 T4 ZQ X Clear T.
Fait Lake 29.92 €C DO NW Rain .01
i-an Francisco 30.04 fiO 48 W Clear 0
San Luis Obispo.S0.04 68 42 W Clear 0
Fan Diego 2S.S6 62, 60 SW Cloudy 0
Seattle 30.01 60 48 S Cloudy .10
Spokane 30.00 S4 44 SW Cloudy .30
Neah Bar 30.C2 56 48 \V Cloudy 0
Walla Walla 30.00 62 46 SW Pt Cldy .22
Winnemucca ....2».SS 60 44 W Pt Cldy T.
Yuma 29.70 94 62 S Clear 0
e * 2 O 2
f s|j?g&? *E if
STATIONS. 3 Ifll^S Se : = f
| • lisp r ;?
Afrtoria 30.11 S€ 46 SW Cloudy .12
Baker 30.C2 60 38 XE Cloudy .06
? arson 29.88 60 44 SW Cloudy 0
Eureka I9.lt 56 42 X Pt CIdy 0
Fresno :».9O 78 58 NTT Clear T.
Flagstaff 29.94 70 36 SW Cloudy 0
Pocatello. Idaho. 30.00 El 46 N\V Rain .02
Independence ....29.70 76 60 W Pi Cldy 0
Los Angeles 29.94 72 52 SW Clear 0
Phoenix 29.70 96 60 SW Clear 0
Portland 30.10 56 48 S Cloudy .24
Hed Bluff 29.92 76 48 X Clear 0
RoEeburg 30.12 62 40 NW Cloudy T.
Sacramento 2S.S4 T4 ZQ X Clear T.
Fait Lake 29.92 €C DO NW Rain .01
i-an Francisco 30.04 fiO 48 W Clear 0
San Luis Obispo.S0.04 68 42 W Clear 0
Fan Diego 2S.S6 62, 60 SW Cloudy 0
Seattle 30.01 60 48 S Cloudy .10
Spokane 30.00 S4 44 SW Cloudy .30
Neah Bar 30.C2 56 48 \V Cloudy 0
Walla Walla 30.00 62 46 SW Pt Cldy .22
Winnemucca ....2».SS 60 44 W Pt Cldy T.
Yuma 29.70 94 62 S Clear 0
AUCTION SALES
at 11 a. m., at .
Salesyard. 1732 Market St.:
FRED H. CHASE & CO., .
*-..:"--" Successor to Ktllip & Co.
Homes now at yard. No other stock will
be • offered at this Bale.
£a» AOCTION SALE W £zs
30 HEAD OF YOUNG AND BLOOEY WORK,
HORSES weighing about 1250 pounds, matched
spans, property . of , J. W. Churchill Esq..
Treka. <
To be sold on THURSDAY. Jun« 13, MO.
£z> AUCTION SALE f©£j
THURSDAY. JUNE 13 AT 11 A.*M.
At Salesyard. 35 Dore St., bet. 9th and 10th
sti., bet. Howard" and Folsom sts. — Carload of
Toung and Gentle Horses, ranging in weight .
.from 1000 to 1500 lbs., several matched teams
and one fine coupe horse. These horses will
be sold without limit or reserve.
. A. M. SCOTT & CO.. Auctioneers.Says That Odell Is the Han.
SAN DIEGO, June 12.— Congressman
Burton, who;Is here with the Rivers anc
Harbors Committee, of. which, he is .th«
chairman, talked • business for a time to
day," but steered clear of politics. How
ever, he did-* express himself on the logl
cal Presidential candidates.' He believed
and there Is no room to doubt his'slncer
lty, ¦, that Governor Odell -, of New :Yorl
was the logical candidate. He was mos
emphatic in. his prediction, and.repeatec
it several times. - ¦ . ¦- ¦'-¦:, « - -
WASHINGTON, June 12.— Postmaster
appointed: Oregon— C. H. Baker, Walter
ville, Lane County, vice" F. M. Dodson,
deceased; ; • i
The designation of Station D of the San
Francisco Postofflce wlil ,be changed to
that of Ferry, station and sub-station No.
34 will be. established In the ferry build
"¦rhe following . pensions iWere Issued to
day California— Original— Clois -F.Doty.
Vernalls, $10; Thomas Connor, Veterans'
Home, Napa,.$&; Nicholas L, Rigby, Gar
vanza, $8; Benjamin W. Harris, San Fran 3
cis"© J6; Roda G. = Thompson, Marlposa,
112 Renewal— Albion A. Severance, "J6.
Increase— Henry , Schwartz, San Francisco,
$12- Isaac B. Price, Veterans' Home, Napa, 4
$12; Samuel F.. Wallace, Los Angeles, $8;
Amandus Massan. Stockton, $12. Mexican
War survivors— Increase — James w Graves,
Colfax,»$li -War with ? Spain— Original—
Garfleld R. Sheppy,- Santa Clara, 1 > $12;
Louis C. Miller, San Francisco, $8. » •¦--,
»••¦ Washington— Original widows— Helen P.
Start, Pomeroy, - $8. ¦ ' Mexican ,War,' sur
yivcrs—Increase-rIra v Dodson, Kelso, , $12.
OF INTEREST- TO, THE COAST.
in the Shaft. -
i WEST- NEWTON,;- Pa.... June ¦ 12.— The
death of Harry Beyeridge at t,he McKees
port faospital last night, brings the total
number of fatalities of the Port Royal
mine disaster up to eighteen. . ¦
Another explosion took place in the
Port Royal mines at 4 o'clock this after
noon In No. 2 shaft. It sent up a whirl
wind of oil. dust and smoke and proved
conclusively that the gas Is still active
In the mines. It will probably be to-mor
row afternoon before the mine Inspectors
can get together for the purpose of decid
ing as to the advisability of making an
other attempt to recover the dead in the
mine before flooding It. Coroner Wynne
of Westmoreland County commenced an
lnquirylnto the cause of. the disaster at
this, place this afternoon, l Only, two'.wit
nesses were examined. The. Inquest will
probably occupy several flays, as the Jury,
which is composed of .well-known business
men. seems determined to get at the cause
of the disaster, \ ,'\
Rev. Father '. Carroll of , Smithton says
that some of the. men in the burning mine
are yet alive, and asked to-night that he
be permitted to lead a. relief party.
"I have four, experienced miners from
the cofce regions," he said, '.'who will po
into the shaft with me.- - I will- go ten
yards ahead and will bring out the men
allvo or dead." - . ¦ -
St>me one spoke of removing the dIups
in the river, bed and letting the water into
the mine. . ' - '.
"That would be wrong, . said Father
Carroll.. "at least, until the mine has been
closed seven i days." .* '-<:' ....-.-. .-. ¦ ,
Father Carroll has offered a reward of
$2000 - to : any • party that.- will f recover )¦ the
bodies in the mine or rescue the 1 entombed
men alive. ¦"'.'¦ ¦ *•- : -.'-•'¦¦-" V- V * . -\ .,
.The . mine authorities 1 have advised
Father Carroll . against going : Into the
mine. *' - ¦• "
Accused of Fish, "Law Violation. -
SAN ? RAFAEL, June ; 12.-Justlce of ,'the
Peace Rodden this 'afternoon held , Deputy
Constable ' George : , Agnew ' for.' appearance
In the Superior Court on a charge of hay
ing sturgeon lines in his . possession ? last
March. -Ball waa i fixed at $100. yi.y
ANOTHER VICTIM OF
MINE DISASTER DIES
Explosions Prevent Inspectors From
Attempting ; to Recover Bodies.
4A charming double wedding was cele
brated yesterday morning in St. Agnes
Church, when Miss Agnes Eleanor Devlin
was • married to John M. Mallon and her
sister, Miss Clotilde Josephine Devlin, be
came the bride of Clarence J. Sullivan.
The church was crowded with the rela-'
tives and many friends of the young cou
ples, who are popular and prominent in
musical and social circles of this city.
The brides were beautifully gowned—
Miss Agnes Devlin In white crepe de
chine, with pearl trimmings, and Miss
Clotilde Devlin in white duchesse satin,
elaborately trimmed with rare old lace M
Both of the fair young brides wore tulle*
veils, fastened with sprays of orange blos
soms. ¦ , ¦ ¦ ._ . ¦
• Mis3 Marie Devlin attended Miss Agnes
as bridesmaid and Miss Angela Devlin
was ¦ bridesmaid for Miss Clotilde. Pink
organdies over pink, silk made up their
gowns and they wore picture hats. • ¦ .
' Miss Imelda Devlin and Miss Grace Sul
livan - were the maids | of honor. They
wore blue organdies over blue silk.
Leo Devlin attended Mr. Mallon as best
man. Casimlr Sullivan acted in a similar
capacity for his brother." *
Daniel A. Ryan, Thomas F. Ryan.'.WIU
Ham J. O'Brien, E. W. McGinty, Harry
F. Sullivan and Joseph D. Tucker officiat
ed as ushers. • - . , . *
A full ; nuptial mass was celebrated and
the double ceremony was performed by
Rev. Father Kirby. After the ceremony
a wedding breakfast .was served at the
Devlin home on Baker street. Yesterday
afternoon • Mr. and Mrs. Mallon and Mr.
and Mrs.- Sullivan left for the south,
where the honeymoons will • be spent.
Upon/their return they: will make their
respective residences in this city. ,
Mr. Greenway was the host at a mag
nificent dinner given last evening in the
re* room of the Bohemian Club, compli
mentary to Miss Mary Scott.
Mr. Greenway has presided over many
an elegant entertainment, but none of
them have ever equaled the gorgeous af
fair of last evening. Thirty-one guests
were seated at the Immense round table,
that 'was elaborately decorated with
American Beauty roses.' The table was
set beneath a fragrant canopy of Jack
roses. In the midst of which gleamed
electric lights. The center piece of Amer
ican Beauties was sixteen feet In diame
ter. The - flowers bloomecf in a bed of
cool, green . ferns and in the midst • of
them electric lights glittered. Thirty doz
en American Beauty roses were used in
the decoration.
Dinner was served at, half past seven. ",
• * * .
Madam Wu, wife of the Chinese Minis
ter to the United States and sister of Ho
Yow, the Chinese Consul General, was
the guest of honor at an elegant dinner
given last evening by Mrs. William Willis
at her home on. California street. '-•¦
The table was elaborately decorated- in
yellow, complimentary to the guest of
honor. In the center of the board stood
a tall bouquet lamp, shaded in gorgeous
yellow, while at either end of the table
were graceful bunches of the new white
poppies, with golden hearts. Jonquils and
streamers of golden cloth were strewn
with artistic carelessness upon the snowy
damask. The effect of -the whole was a
gorgeous burst of color. Covers were laid
for twenty-four.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Decides Against the Bank.
MANAGUA. Nicaragua, June 12.— The
Supreme Court of Nicaragua has decided
that the Ix?ndon Bank of Central America
has no legal standing In Nicaragua.
More Lawyers for San Jose.
PA.V JOSE. June 12.— San Jose has re
sefved an accession to its legal fraternity
in tho :>ersons of Senator Charles M.
-hort ridge and City Justice John T. Wal
lace. who received word to-day they had
(•as.^f-d the examination held Monday be
fr-TP the Supreme Court in San Francisco.
I h>;rtridge was so sure of passing that a
r»v week? ago he purchased a $4000 law
library and formed a partnership with
Attorney J. E. Richards.
— ?
Tijo time to work and the time to play
ar«- synonymous with the organ-grinder.
The defendant was recalled and testified
that the telegrams which Miss Schneider
alleged he handed her on : the train had
been delivered. by him to her In the Ogden
jail, so as 40 make an -excuse for her. to
her mother. The story * was so palpably
false that every one In the courtroom
smiled and the prosecution did not deem
It necessary to call the girl to refute hla
statements. •
After arguments of counsel the Judge
charged the Jury, which retired about 5:30
o'clock- It was after the retirement of
the, jury that the. Judge ordered .the de
fendant into- custody on the charge of
perjury. ¦
At a late hour the- jurors announced
their. Inability to agree, and were locked
up for the night." , , * " » .
; C. W. G. Hawes, a printer in Crockett,
testified that the cards announcing the
marriage of the defendant with , Miss
Schneider were ordered by the defendant
and. not by- Mrs. Schneider, thus contra
dicting that part of the defendant's story.
Dr. J. S. Rlley of Crockett testified that
he saw the defendant on the morning of
February 24 -and | the defendant told him
that he had been . married to ! Norine
Schneider because -her folks had thrown
her out of the family and as a man of
honor he could do no less than marry her.
; Mrs. Schneider and her. two daughters,
Mamie and Norlne, positively denied that
the defendant had a private conversation
with Norlne on the night of February 22,
as alleged by the defendant. Norine iden
tified the telegrams which the defendant
had handed her on the trip from Port
Costa to Ogden relating. to the supposed
absconding of her brother, which Cooper
had written himself with the object of
deceiving, her. - ;
The trial of "Sir" Harry Westwood
Cooper, alias Ernest Moore Chadwick,-on
the charge- of sending a forged telegram
to Miss Norlne Schneider on February 23
last was concluded in Judge Cook's court
yesterday, and the Judge ordered tho de
fendant into custody on a charge of per
jury. • The prosecution called ( several wit
nesses to contradict the defendant's extra
ordinary story of Tuesday as to the al
leged prearrangement with Miss Schnei
der for him to send the forged telegram.
Is Locked Up for the
Night. :
COOPER ORDERED INTO j ,
CUSTODY FOB PERJURY
Jury in His Cas© Fails to Agree and
Charity Martin,' G. S. Wanrell, Matildlta
and ballet, Katherine Krieg and Minnie
Huff," Carrol. ¦ Graville and Graham and
Sam Holdworth are Fischer'a current at
tractions.
• • •
Ezra Kendall, the. favorite humorist,
has received a hearty welcome from the
Orpheum audiences thia week, along: with
the other excellent entertainers of the
bill. Florence Bindley, the Doherty sla
ters, the Toblns. Georgia Gardner and Jo
seph Maddern, Spencer Kelly, Hines and
Remington and Flatt and Sutherland
take rood care of the rest of the-pro
gramme. , ... . ' ' .
draw good houses at the Tivoli and reas
onably, as it is one of the cleverest and
prettiest of the new light operas. The
opera will run one more week, which will
make a successful run of six weeks, and
will be followed by the midsummer ex
travaganza, "The Babes in the Woods."
GIRLS WHOSE CLEVERNESS
ADDS TO GAYETY IN PRES
ENT TTVOLI PRODUCTION-
PETALTJMA. . June 12.— An" Interesting
event In Petaluma society took' place in
this city to-day at noon. It was the wed
ding of Miss Lena Clalr Hall, youngest
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William. Parker
Hall, and Arthur L. Tibbetts at the home
of tha bride on Howard street. The cere
mony Was performed by the Rev. Dr.
Gooodell of Oakland. A large party of
friends and relatives witnesed j the .cere
mony. "
Wedding at a Petaluma Home.
SAN JOSE. June 12.— The disagreement
of two brothers, J. M. Paine and William
Paine, was dlscribed In the contest over
the estate 'of their mother, Olive V.
Paine, now on trial in Judge Hyland's
court, An estate of $12,000 was left to
William Paine and the will ignored J. M.
Paine and his sister, Mrs. Mary H. Hobbs.
J. M. Paine was on the stand to-day.
He gave some family history and said
hl3 brother had used undue influence with
his mother. The witness testified that
his brother had assumed practical \ con
trol of the estate when his mother became
ill and helpless and that at one time he
had published in a Gllrcy paper a notice
stating that he would not be responsible
for -any debt3 contracted by his mother,
Mrs. Olive V. Paine. '..
Paine Progresses at San
Jose.
Contest of the Will of Mrs. Olive
BROTHERS' DISAGREEMENT
TOLD OP IN COURT
SAN DIEGO, June 12.— The members of
the House Rivers and Harbors Commit
tee, who arrived here yesterday after
noon in a special train, spent to-day In an
inspection of this harbor. The trip
was made on board the survey steamer
Rarger. The party visited the fortifica
tions at Bailast Point, the quarantine'sta
tlon and the proposed site for the Gov
ernment coaling station. Then they made
the trip to Point Lama In tally-hos. The
committee will remain at Hotel Coronado
until late this evening, but will occupy
their berths in the special train for their
night's sleap. The special will leave here
at 2 o'clock Thursday morning for Los
Anseles. - - .-* ¦*• i"
CONGRESSMEN INSPECT
THE BAY , FORTIFICATIONS
Members of the Rivers and Harbors
Committee Steam Around -•
San Diego Harbor.
Go to New York to See
Harriman.
Word was received In the Southern Pa
cific building yesterday that President
Hays, who left here Monday evening on
a tour of Inspection, will go East to
Omaha and there confer with President
Bert cf the Union Pacific.
Hays is accompanied on his trip by
General Manager Kruttschnltt. but the
latter will go no further than Ogden, and
will then return to this city.
The object of Hays' journey East to
meet Bert is only a conjecture, but those
who are on the inside claim that the two
presidents will talk over the railroad situ
ation in connection .with the new road
that Senator Clark is building between
Los Angeles and Salt Lake.
From Omaha Hays will go direct to
New York and report to Harriman.
W F Herrin and William Sproule re
turned from Los Angeles yesterday whers
thev hav been several days attending the
meeting ct the Interstate Commerce Com
mission.
HAYS WILL CONFER
WITH BERT AT OMAHA
Southern Pacific President Will Then
AT high noon yesterday J. Dudley
Helm and Estelle Brinn were
united in matrimony by Judge
Hebbard of the Superior Court.
The ceremony took place at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. M. Brinn. the
parents of the,bride, at 1334 Ellis street.
The house ¦was artistically decorated with
bride's roses and green. An arch of roses
fern.ed the bridal canopy. An added in
terest was lent to the ceremony- by the
cers for th.e Year.
The Train Dispatchers' Association of
America wound up the affairs of its four
tenth annual convention yesterday after
noon and adjourned. Although during
tho two days' session no extra amount
of work was accomplished, the Train Dis
patchers had a delightful vacation and
thoroughly enjoyed their sojourn In this
cJty.
The committee which had been ap
pointed to consider reports of officers re
ported that the financial affairs of the as
sociation were In a stab!e condition. The
president was advised to consider geo
graphical location when appointing the
rex i train rule committee.
There were seven cities in the contest
far the next convention — Buffalo, Louis
ville. Cincinnati, Pittsburg, Cleveland,
Denver and Charleston. PitLsburg was
linally selected in honor of Past President
Lu?k. who hails from that city. The con
vention will convene on the third Tuesday
of June next year.
In the election of officers the only real
rontest was between J. W. James of
Tuscon. Ariz., and J. F. Mackie of Chl
rago for the position of editor of the of
ficial organ. The latter won.
Secretary and Treasurer J. F. Mackie.
In appreciation of the valuable services
which he has rendered to the association.
v.as presented with a magnificent gold
watch.
The officers who were chosen for the en
duing year were: President, J. P. Mann of
Knnls. Tex.; vice president, F. S. James.
L'heiokee. Iowa: secretary, treasurer and
p<?itor, J. F. Mackie, with a salary of
FiOO'i XKT annum. Executive committee— J
Vr. James. J. D. Canfield, T. W. Evans
end V. S. Rogers.
Convention Adjourns After Receiv
ing Reports and Electing Offi-
TRAIN DISPATCHERS
FINISH THEIR "WORK
Pipes for carrying water have been laid,
and tables, ranges and tanks are in place.
Everything is in readiness for the placing
of tents. To-morrow the signal corps will
begin erecting a telephone line.
SANTA CRUZ, June 12.— This city Is ns
suming a military aspect. The train this
evening brought in the advance guards at
the Second and Sixth regiments; also
Colonel Huber, chief commissary; Colonel
McCarthy, surgeon general; Colonel Rick
on, chief quartermaster, and Colonel Ev
ans, chief signal officer. To-morrow morn
ing an advance guard of sixty men from
a Los Angeles regiment will arrive at
Camp Gage.
Regiments Busy With the Work
on the Tents.
Advance Detachments of Several
GUARDSMEN PREPARING
ENCAMPMENT GROUND^
The wedding party was confined to the
immediate relatives of the bride and
groom, and those present at the ceremony
and the dinner which followed were Air.'
and Mrs. M. Brinn, Mr. and Mrs. J. Dud
ley Helm, Mrs. C. C. Wymore, Mr. Na
than Brinn, Miss Rae Brinn, Dr. and Mrs.
M. O. Austin. Dr. and Mrs. W. W. Wy
more. Mr. and Mrs. George Newman, Mr.
and Mrs. J. P. Norman, Mr. and Mrs.
Philip Flatow. Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Marks,
Misses Cora and Ray Flatow, Dr. Harry
C. Newman and Mr. Lester D. Newman.
fact that the parents of the bride cele
brated the thirty-sixth anniversary of
their own wedding day.
The groom, J. Dudley Helm, is a mining
engineer of the highest standing and is In
charge of the Guggenheim properties in
Chihuahua. Mexico, his headquarters be
ing- at Santa Barbara, in that State. The
bride, Miss Estelle Brinn, is well known
in amateur musical circles, being a pianist
of no small merit and a member of the
Clavier, Chamlnade and San Francisco
Musical clubs and several others.
Jack Moffatt, the Chicago middle-weight
who is to box George Gardner on the
afternoon of. July 4 at Sixteenth and Fol
som streets under, the auspices of the San
Francisco Athletic Club, is full of super-,
stltion. He believes that if he sees a fire
engine on the day he reaches a town In
which he is to fight, he will surely win:
Ho went out to inspect his training quar
ters last Monday and • while looking out
the window he saw an engine on Its way
to tho fire at the Presidio. His shouts of
glee brought the crowd -around him and
he told every" one > he could not lose;. as
his mascot, just passed the door. _ _
"Gardner is not a believer in signs, but
is training at the Ingleside House. . Al
Neill and "Dutch" Thurston are also
training hard for their bout, which will
be • fought the - same afternoon. Jack
Walsh will referee both bouts. •: .
James Jeffries, champion heavy-weight
pugilist of the world, is contemplating a
trip to this city with a view to signing
articles for a battle in September next.
Billy Delaney. his manager, who was in
the city last Monday, says the big fellow
wants to engage in two more contests and
then retire from, the ring. He says Jeff
ries is willing to meet Sharkey or Ruhlin,
and the local clubs will try" to arrange a
match. The San Francisco Athletic Club
has a permit to hold a boxing -match in
September and it Is possible that the club
will match Jeffries and Ruhlin to fight at
Sixteenth and Folsom streets on the after
noon of September 9. ¦ ' -
Jack Root and "Kid" Carter will box
twenty rounds and Tim Hegarty and Tim
Callahan will go a like distance for a de
cision at Mechanics' Pavilion on June 28.
The bouts will be brought off under the
auspices of the Twentieth Century Club.
Wins a Fight— Coming Fistic
Exhibitions.
MOFFATT SAYS A FUtE
ENGINE IS HIS MASCOT
Whenever He Sees One He Invariably
"The Toy Maker" still continues to
The Central Is exploiting a picturesque
melodrama entitled "Jim the Westerner"
this week with satisfactory result to the
box office. . Next week fun and frolic will
reign and for a season melodrama will
take a rest. "A Night at the Circus" is
to be the bill. This is a farce comedy
written for Nellie McHenry and »lt. will
be presented by the pick of the Central
company, including Mason Mitchell,
Charles W. Cogill. George Webster, Ern
est Howell, Georgie Woodthorpe and the
popular Georgie\ Cooper. *
The Grand Opera-house is crowded
nightly with admirers of the Sardou
dramas now being presented by Mel
bourne MacDowell and the Morosco Stock
Company. This week "The Empress The
odora," with Mr. MacDowell as Andreas
and Miss Florence Stone in the title role,
is being -given, and the production Is one
of strong merit. The staging is admira
ble and the star and his support are ex
cellently seen in the drama. Next week
"Gismonda". will be put on.
"For Bonnie Prince Charlie" is doing
excellent business at the Alcazar. Thea
ter." "Miss "Florence Roberts as the loyal
ist Mary and White . Whittlesey as the
old blind beggar Angus have made strong
Individual hits, and the new play is an
Interesting and spirited picture of,Jacob
ite times. Next week "The Countess Va
leska." with Miss Roberts in the title role,
will be nut on.
"A Parisian Romance" at the Califor
nia Theater, with James Neill as the Bar
on de Che vrial. .will end the. season^ at
the California Theater.' The management
has decided to close the theater for a
summer vacation of six weeks, such va
cation to be a regular Institution in fu
ture. The theater will reopen on July 29
with the James Neill Company in the
Beqond half of their summer repertoire.
Mr. Neill in the meantime will play in Los
Angeles for five weeks.
DARCY of the Guards" will' be
Henry Miller's. bill at the Colum
bia Theater all of this week and"
.the first two nights and Wednes
* day matinee of next week. , Next
Wednesday night "The Importance of Be
ing Earnest" will be staged for the last
time. Thursday, Friday and Saturday
nights and Saturday matinee will be de
voted to the farewell performances of
"Heartsease." Blanche Bates In "Under
Two Flags," will follow. The entire New
York cast will appear in the production.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 12.
. Family disturbances, culminating in the
departure of his wife and adopted daugh
ter from his home, led Almon "\Veymouth,
a pioneer contractor and mill man of
Livermore, to commit suicide at his resi
dence in that city this afternoon by shoot
ing himself in the head with a pistol while
lying on a.sofa in^the sitting-room. -._. -., ¦_
The despondent Husband had;, put: - the <
muzzle of the weapon' in his mouth and
sent a 1 bullet crashing throughfhls brain.
His son, William, found the body shortly
after 2 o'clock, having gone to i the house
to see what detained his father from work
at the planing mill. * ' : 1."
The cause of the deed was laid bare in
a number -of letters that were found in
the house. One was addressed to Wey
mouth by his wife,' who wrote that che
had decided to leave him and that their
adopted daughter, Lulu, 17 years'bf age,,
would go with her. A postscript had
been written by the girl. In which she ex
pressed her sorrow at leaving her foster
father, but she felt compelled to depart
with her mother. The girl's action is sup
posed to have contributed mucn to the old
man's despondency, because he had a
strong affection for her. • . •
Another note, written by Weymouth, ex
plained that he 'contemplated taking his
own life because of the desertion by hl3
wife and daughter. There were no specific
reasons given, concerning the .disagree
ments in the family, but it is understood
that relations between the various mem
bers had ¦ been ' strained for a long time.
Mrs. Weymouth married Weymouth eight
years ago, being his second wife.^ His
children by a former marriage, a son and
a daughter, did not reside at the home
place and the townspeople have under
stood that they did not get along well
with their stepmother. r
Mrs. Weymouth and the girl left Liver
more on the morning train, saying they
intended to come to friends in Oakland.
That move settled Weymouth's determi
nation to end his existence, although he
had been thinking of suicide for several
days. Last week he tried to purchase
cartridges to fit a bulldog pistol, but
could not obtajn the size he needed. This
noon he bought a pistol and cartridges at
Dutcher's hardware shop and then went
to > his mill; where, he. attended to. some
business. • .,...- ... ¦» * ..." .
•Then the old man drove over to his resi
dence and made preparations to die.
*The dead pioneer was a native of Maine,
about 70 years of age. He settled in
Livermore Valley more than forty years
ago. He leaves one brother, who is a
rancher in the valley, and , another
brother, Albert Weymouth, manager for
the- Berkeley Lumber The
Coroner took charge of the case.
Wife's Desertion Causes
Pioneer to Kill
Himself. ,
ENDS HIS LIFE
WITH A BULLET
Commander B. F. Tilley, U. S. N., Gov
ernor of the American possessions In Sa
moa, and now a guest , at the Occidental
Hotel, was robbed last night of $30 and a
gold watch. He was induced by two- men
he met in the hotel lobby last night to
take a ride in a hack. He left the hotel
about 6 p. m. with the strangers, accord
ing to his story and was found six hours
later wanderings around Gray Bros.* quar
ry near the seawall.
Commander .Tilley was found at mid
night by. Arthur Flaherty and Howard
Lennox, residents of .the neighborhood,
who were attracted by the naval officer's
strange movements. ¦ . ¦ *
When interrogated by the police the
commander told of his . experience with
the daring, thugs. He said the men drove
him about the city, for some time, stop
ping at the > corner of Greenwich and San
some streets. about 10 p. m. .
Then they dragged him out of the. hack,
threw him to the ground and forcibly re
lieved him'of his watch and coin.
Commander Tilley appeared, when
brought to the hotel, as if he had been
made the victim of knockout drops.
His story was told incoherently and
gave the police little to work upon.
Then They Drag Him From the Con
veyance and Sine His Pockets
of All Valuables.
Thugs Rob Commaiider
Tilley; of Watch and
,"-' . ' Coin. .... "a •:¦
Induce Him .to Get Into a
Hack and Take Him to
" / the Seawall, j
KIDNAPING
OF GOVERNOR
OF SAMOA
The men were called out because they could
not handle the meat being supplied from non
union slaughter- houses. The proprietors of a
majority ot the shops axe In sympathy with
Us, however, and Instead of trying to get non
union labor in place of the union men who
walked out they are running the shops as best
they can. They have signed our agreement,
and they having done so we cannot- take the
cards away from them. Just as soon as any
attempt la mad* to secure non-union men.
however, we consider the proprietors have
broken faith and the card is withdrawn. This
stand was taken on the advice of Grand Or
ganizer Pierce, who was to conference with us
yesterday. ,
Fred Becker is trying to get men from
outside the city, but the union- represen
tatives declare he has not been success
ful. • . '
"From the wholesalers' standpoint we
I feel satisfied with the situation." said
Irving C. Lewis of Grayson. Owen & Co.
[ "We expect a speedy termination of the
I strike, in view of the stand taken by the
San Francisco wholesalers."
The local\ union of the Amalgamated
Meat Cutters and -Butcher "Workmen will
hold an all-day meeting to-morrow, com
mencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m., when every
aspect of the strike will be canvassed in
detail. . Iv.'
The union reports show that James
Pitts, George Loher and M. Schlck, em
ploying butchers, have accepted the union
card. "
The press committee of the union has
issued the folio wins statement:
Every non-union shop, wholesale and
retail, has been picketed by union dele
gates. . . . •
The day's developments were without
significance so far as the general situa
tion goes. The wholesalers are exerting
every effort in their power to furnish beef
to the retailers who have pulled down the
union cards. To this end members of the
firms who have not slaughtered for years
are head and shoulders deep In work at
the stockyards. A few union men have
returned to work and have abandoned the
organization, but they number not a doz
en. Non-union help is being utilized wher
ever obtainable, but so far the butchers,
both wholesale and retail, have had much
difficulty in securing skilled workmen.
The union, as well as the wholesalers,
have transferred their attention In large
measure to the San Francisco side of the
bay. The strike there is of such large
proportion and the Interests so much
greater that what is accomplished by
either side Is Immediately reflected upon
the Oakland situation. The wholesalers
here are particularly watchful of the de
velopments across the bay. for. they take
their cue for the most part from the big
firms on the other side. ,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. June 12.
only ripple ot excitement that dis
turbed the movement of the butchers*
strike on this side of the bay to-day was
the rotten-egging of a coal oil wagon from
which delivery was being made this aft
ernoon at Fred Becker's lower Washing
ton-Street market. Several policemen
were on hand and the trouble quickly
subsided. The union pickets on guard at
that market deprecated the affair, attrib
uting ' the onslaught to sympathizers
whose judgment was warped by oversea!*
ousnesa.
Only One. Incident Disturbs
the Quiet of Butchers'.
Crowd of Onlookers Der
files Atmosphere at
Becker's.
USE BAD EGGS
AS DISSUADERS
Jule Perkins testified that he got down
on his hands and knees behind some rocks
and watched the shooting. His testimony
v.-as nearly the same as that of Watson.
Justice Masten decided that Thomas Wat
son was the aggressor and ordered the
prisoner released.
Frank Watson testified that he and
Jule Perkins went back and tried to per-
Fuade Thomas Watson to return. They
all kept under cover as they walked to the
mine, so they were not seen by Wlzen
l«?rsrer. When they came into sight Frank
Watson carried the gun. The old man
took the gun from Frank, handed him
h'.s cane and said. "Ben. get your gun."
Wizenberger did not hear the first call and
it -was repeated. Then M"izenberger looked
up and ran for his gun at the lower end
<f the sluice. Wizenberger appeared be
hind a bank with his gun. only his head
and shoulders showing. He fired a shot
and eld man YURtson fired. V/lzenberger
fired again aihd^ killed the old man.
Wizenberger rai for home. Frank Wat
pon picked up his father's rifle and fired
ttvo shots.
After dinner George took the shotgun
and went off to work with Frank Watson.
<jeorge Watson gave as the reason for
taking the shotgun a desire to prevent
Ills father from getting- the gun. In a
short time Jule Perkins came and told
him his father was going up the road with
a rifle. Frank Watson and Jule Perkins
left to persuade the old man to come
back. Soon they heard shots. George
told the men who were working with him
that there was trouble on. When he ran
10 the mine across lots he found his
father dead.
SUSANVILLE, June 12.— Benedick Wiz
enberger was released to-day after the
preliminary examination. George Wat
son, Frank Watson and Jule Perkins were
called by the prosecution and the defense
offered no testimony.
George Watson was the first witness.
He testified that We went to the mine and
had a quarrel with Benedick Wizenberger.
They both started for a, gun, but Wat
son got there first and took the two shells
out of Benedick Wizenberger's gun. Then
he put the gun back in its place and left.
When he went home he met his father
and told him. about taking the shells out
of the weapon. They then walked to the
house and ate their dinner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Picturesque Features of the
Gun Fight Told in
Court.
Wizenberger Is Released
Prom Custody in
Susanville.
JUDGE DECLARES
HIM INNOCENT
HENRY MILLER WILL END SEASON
WITH THE POPULAR "HEARTSEASE"
James Neill Closing Brilliant Run— Crowds
at Alcazar— -Grand Opera-House in Public
Favor™ Grpheum Has an Attractive Bill
Miss Estelle Brinn Becomes the Wife of J.
Dudley Helm, Ceremony Taking Place
Before the Immediate Relatives /Only
PRETTY YOUNG MUSICIAN WEDDED
TO PROMINENT MINING ENGINEER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ THURSDAY, JUNE 13, 1901.
PROMINENT MINING MAN AND
THE FAIR GIRL WHOM HE
' MADE HIS .WIPE.
• •
11
The most of our mistakes come from be-
ing in a hurr™ _^ ' -_ _\
Some, people are never more seriou" thai
when they try. to act funny, ~
\\i •; - • 1 :
¦ § Fancy Creamery. Butter <\
¦j *> . 28c square ;;
1 \ Tour choice or any of the best !
brands.*.-", jp.j-f; •
i; Eastern Hams 1 25^c pound ;
!; Sugar cured: first quality. !
:•<: New SugarPeas 3 tins 25c j
s> This season's pack; extra choice. ;
i| Hunter Baltimore Rye :
i;i; v - -¦ • 98c bottle :
K Bottled by .William Lanahan & <
?> Sons, Baltimore. Regular. $1.33. 1
'i Paragon Cocktails ]
$ '. Quart bottle, 85c; I ;
¦>;> The highest skill ' of ' the mlxolo-, J
Z<;\ gists: • Manhattan, "Whiskey: <
V, Martin!. Vermouth, Gin. . Regu--;
I; tlar.Jl.2S. . j):
j| : Sunny Brook Whiskey . • <{:
\ $2.5O?gallon :
!j - Hand-made Sour Mash.' Reg., ,13.50' ;
i; Qay Brook Whiskey : :
I $2.00 gallon I
X Mild, palatable Bourbon.' Reg.. $3. >
r JUU — —
\ -
| ODD NOOKS IN EUROPE. THE BORDER BANDITS.
LIFE ON A MODERN ARK. STORIES OF INTEREST.
THE HOUSE BEAUTIFUL
BY KATE GREENLEAP LOCKE. 4
Beginning ol a series cf articles, by America's most expert writer, on the
ivbject of how to furnish end decorate a house artistically. Every hous?-
Kecpcr, young or old, will be interested in these articles.
/in\
(SUNDAY)
V CALL /
Most Famous The Diplomatic Will an American
Chinese Woman in • Corps :>; Girl Become
America. At Washington. Queen of Italy? )the BAy; francisco; call. Thursday; ;; one 13. i9ol
12
.BJLN FRASCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock «very night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 6!7 Montgomery street
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
J00 Hayes street; open until 9:80 p. m.
639 McAllister -treet; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1841 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth ; open
until Scm.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-secontt and Ken-
tucky streets ; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street : open until 9 p. m.
MEETIJVG XOTICES. _'^i:t
A REGULAR meeting cf Terba Buena m^
Lodge of Perfection. No. 1. A. and A,
Scottish Rite ot ';, Freemasonry, will yV
be held In Ccmmandery hall. Masonic f£n
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. CUJT
June 13, 1901. at S o'clock. Decree Sth.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
ABYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery. .*.
No. 16. K. T.. 625 Sutter et— Officers *fife g
and members are hereby notified to as- tMJ
eemble in full uniform at the Asylum, gi
TO-DAY at 1:15 o'clock, for the pur- ~^
pose of attending the funeral of our late
frater. Sir AARON DOUD.
-H. D. LOVELAND, Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
MISSION Chapter. No. 79. R. A. M.— ¦
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) iSk
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. M. M. degree, "tf V
By order of the H. P. /V»
JOHN R, HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodce. No. 1. F. and A. m
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) __^
EVENING. Juri* 13. at 7:30 o'clock. VV
First degree. By order of the Master. 'V
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge. No. 120, F. and A. M. »
—Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) A
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- VJ*
gree. Fellowcraft Masons cordially 'Ny*
invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. ¦
M.— Special meeting THURSDAY, June .^V.
IS. at 1:30 r. m., for the purpose of TC_jr
conducting the funeral of our deceased '
treasurer, BROTHER AARON DOUD. By
order of the W. M. H. J. OWEN. Sec.
MISSION Lodee. No. 169. F. and A. M. «~
— Officers and members are hereby no-^^^
tiflea to attend the funeral of our de-
ceased brother. OSCAR LEWIS, from ~tr*
the hall of this lodge TO-MORROW (FRI-
DAY) at 1:30 o'clock p. m. By order of the
W. M. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, m
F. and A. M.. meets THIS (THURS- _\
PAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock, for *E_f
first decree. By order of the Master. ~>r >
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M — m
Special «neeting- THIS (THURSDAY) gk
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- *K 2T
Rree. Master Masons are Invited. By/V>
order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle r>v,
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) Jk. rfc»T}
EVENING. Fraternity Hall. 32 >K*X_5fc
O'Farrell St.. at 8 o'clock. Distri- **_**
bution of tickets for entertainment and games
to members.
GEORGE MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent AssocI-
atlon— The regular meeting will be "JT_5»
held at hall, 320 Post _t. THURS- *4___>
DAY. June 13, 7:30 p. m. All members <
are requested to be present, as nominations
for officers for the ensuing term and other im-
portant business will come before the meet-
ing. By crder of the President.
S. TRAUNG, Rec. Sec:
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from A. Lundberg, in the
Joseph Thomas mine, at Plymouth. Amador
County, to deposit tailings in Indian Creek,
end from S. I. Simmons et als.. in the Vic-
tcr placer mine, in Negro Canon, . Sierra
County, to deposit tailings in Charcoal ox
Nepro Creek, gives notice that a meeting
will be held at room 59. Flood building. San
Francisco. Cal.. on June 24, 1901. at 1:30 p. m.
ALL bosses of tjie 10c barber shops will meet
at 153 Fourth st at 8:30. June 13. i
LAST notice — To all who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 0 days more to
redeem them. .."¦,- .
AGENTS WASTED. /
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 41S. Parrctt bldg.
ASPHALTUM JIOOFIXC.
J. FELTIER. asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
r«lr» -d: postal. llKti Mission: tel. Folsom 1C07.
• ATTOKXKYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; ¦
no fee without success: collections. G W
HOWE, attyat law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton!
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful W
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason!
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg. 927 Mar- '
ket st; consultation free; no fees in advance.
•>WAI.m\U FOR CHILPKE*.
Go pi> country^ home for children, with best -
of care. H. M.. 933 Forty-sixth st. Oakland. !
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month: best
care:runny yar<l;nr.school:reasonab1e.l607 Cal.
M_SlM2a_ CUA.MES. " .
A— $1230: CORNER grocer y~_^id~ bar, estab"
years; living rooms;. rents $23; located on lead- !
ing business st. cor. Natoma: death in familv
cause sale. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^. Kearny
J700— CORNER grocery and bar with 3 living '¦
rooms; rent $lt>; choice location in the MIs-
fion; a steady nnd good-paying business. In-
quir- R. G. WILKE. 26'j Kearny Bt
1^ < -" o ~i"''KE saloon and restaurant; rent
$30; best location: clearing $100 t >er month.
Inquire R. G. WILKE. _6U Kearny st. '.
A-tl—O: MUST be sold in three days; half In-
iere*t in leading French restaurant of the •
city; death In family cause of sale. See R. !
O. WILKE. Z64 Kearny st.
GREAT bargain— Paloon. 9 furnished rooms
ar.d bar; price $iC0: rent $25: doing a first- •
<-lass business: water front. R. G. WILKE.
3»'.. Kearny st ; ' •
A-$_e00; COUNTRY saloon. 30 miles from 8. '¦
*.: rent $35: pla^e doing business of $S00O per
year; license $100 per year: leave. Partlcu- i
Ur* a G. WILKE. _6V_ Kearny st \ :
A-$l_.-0; FANCY grocery with selected stock
or wines and liquors; no bar; bottle trade; I
olose to City Hall: living rooms: good busi- '
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A-$6<X>: DELICACY, with home rooking de- !
psrtment. doing a business of $30 per day
IT^S ,V? : R mon^-making place. Call R. G. i
__\>JLKE. 2G'i Kearny Ft.
A-1400; BRANCH~bakery with nlcely~7_r^ ]
n;shed r.*.m; rent $12; daily receipts $10; lo-
«»tioi. I'olk-Et. Call R. G. WILKE. 26U -
Kearny st. ]
A 4 ? chance; price $1900; dairy, produce .
¦nd delicatessen store, clearing above $150 per' '
month: rent $13; stock will invoice price-
location cant be beat. Call R. G. WILKE'
-t'- Kearny _t. • ',
A r. $ . T50: SALOON; no better located place in
this city: rent $50: place clears easily siso
n 1LKE, 26>i Kearny eL-
A r t2 T^?,?^ mXG and Ilve ~ stable; West-
ern Addition; net rent $48: clearing above $150
lier niontn: large patronage; etock of bug-
G^vkJLKE. 26'/4 Kearny st.
A «^Z i^ 0 ~^ rin " nK^-stness: clears $100 n-.o. "
»10f«-Groc«ry and bar; low rent; pays well. -
Uons ' scho ° 1 supplies; very cheap. 1
flCfO— cigar stand; down town; long lease
«^T P^ rtner£hlp: laree Profits; no store."
t6000— Fine country grocery.
"\Ve have a lar?e number of different bu«l-
nof-*e_ for sale from $150 to $12,000 Call in
hateS r&.ra'&.rtg ir WA ' LTER
A—WE have buyers for cigar store, SJOOO- ;
«iloo n. $4000 u>_ $0000: barber shop*. $500 and :
$11CO; general business, $600 and $1000. List
your business with us; no charge for _Tlv«rw
Using. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market.
A — $150; CIGAR stand: No. 1 location- r«»reir.t_
S10 day. STRAND & KAISErT2(» Kearoy st j
Arl»»: GROCERY and bar: muft sell account
death. STRAND & KAISER. 209 Kearny st
A— $175; BRANCH bakery and variety Ktore-
bargain. STRAND _ KAISER. 209 Kearny.' j
YOU can be suited in any kind of business by
calling at office. *
<i. W. SCHWEINHARD. 917 Market st
near Fifth. Pbone. Mint 1911. j
11300—014 established hack business; 3 hacks 4
horse*. 2 pets of harness, traps and tools-
rent $8: doing good business. GEORGE C i
YOUNG. Petaluma. - - ]
$600— UNION restaurant: bargain; part cash If
desired. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market. 3
MAX or lady with $3-» in respectable, profitable
business. McLACGHLIN & CO.. 777',. Market.
LIVERY stable for sale, doing good business 3
For particulars. J. K. DOLLISON. Bank of
Eureka. Eureka. Humboldt Co., Cal. {
GROCERY and bar; family cash trade; cheap .
rent; living furnished rooms: make an offer I
Business Board of Trade, 226 Pine st.
FOR sale— Cheap; a cigar store. 227 Fourth 3
St.; cause, sickness.
1100— PARTNER in big money making business: 3
original idea. Box 3625. Call office.
DR. G. Wo DUNCAN
H SURGEON CHIROPODIST
AGENT FOR GEORGE'S PATENT BUNION AND CORN SHIELDS AND OTHER
SCIENTIFIC PREPARATIONS FOR THE FEET *
SUTfER-ST^MAN BATHS ' "^ g^X I ILi"* 30
415 Sutter Street Telephone Main 5178
San Francisco, Cal. , J U ne 11, 1901.
Business Manager San Francisco Call : "
Please continue my ad. for another six
months in your paper/ as, I have had excel-
lent results from ' the same ; I find that
The Call is read by the class of patrons
that I want to reach.
: CLAIRVOYANTS rnntlnnrA.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and. palmlstT
. gives names, facts, dates ; satisfaction by
mail; inc. stamp. 1382 Mrket. op. Odd Fellows.
Mrs. Dr. Saylor.queen of clairvoyants and palm-
ists; names and dates; L. 25c; G. 50c; mail $1.
1511',. Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1095.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work"
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St. ; tel. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Howard 2351.
JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 106L
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
. 344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Bea|!ng Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth st: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st: telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating 'Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CAPE NOME.
NOME and Teller City, sailing July 15; limited
number of passengers; last steamer this
month. C. F. MOORE. 935 Market St.. rm. 6.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES. 4
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FINE new furnished cottage in Corte Madera;
marine view; wooded. Apply 219V_ Sanchez.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLIN^c71ioT_tar^
ket st, cor. 4th. rm 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless Tnethod; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
BOc; plates. $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist In order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock , prices. .Office
1141 Polk st, corner Sutter; open Sundays,,
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments: lowest . rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH,S15% Geary.nr. Larkln— Paln-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkllS5.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy! bldg. •
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50e. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission et, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOTTN'O. 1341 Polk St. ¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
GAiCLA^Hii-R'^CRiiH^^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; -prac-
tical bookkeeping, full ' course, {50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
P. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
& night secslons: new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, et&J life scholarship, $50; Individual
Instruction; positions secured: catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical,
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
lng, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45,- Par-
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrcll st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec..mlnlng,mech., sur-
vey, nssay, cyanide: day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60/ San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
, time. TARR. exp. acct. 220 Parrott bldg. «
?ROF. I,.' MERKI. successful teacher of violin.
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission St.. nr. 6th.
Munson.' School Shorthand. Tvplng. Bookkeeping,
Spanish. 137 Montgomery. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
VRITHMETIC. bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.; .day or eve.: $5 mo... 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
'
Elec-tric-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & IC's. Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
rAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Thoroughly re-
liable; best help sent short notice; competent
men. 1123 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2391.
rAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and , house servants. GEO
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
3RPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
rAPANESE, central housecleanlng and employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.'
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fico: .ill kinds help. .'-15 Stockton: .Main 5183.
EMPLOVMEVT ' WANTED — FEMALE. |
RESPECTABLE woman with girl Z years old
wants house or chamber work; plain cook
small boarding-house; wages $12; city pre-
ferred., 741 Howard St.. , '¦_ ¦>
STOUNG,' '. competent Swedish girl wishes to
cook in American family;, all grown adults
preferred. Address 23 Lily ave., near Frank-
lin St. ~ . ' • .; ¦ ¦
VOMAN wishes situation to do general house-
work; Is good cook. Apply for. 2 days -560
Mission -St.- • ... .-.. ; ,
I MIDDLE aged woman wishes a situation. to
do housework ; understands it perfectly ; best
qf references. Address. 912 Howard , st. ¦
IN experienced German ' girl wishes "to assist *
in housework or care of children in country/
Call 2017 Powell , st. - . - ; ; : - '
2LDERLY woman .wishes: a place '.to do light
housework; terms , moderate in city. • Please ¦
call at 230 Minna st. .,; v ' ,-.•:-...
i"IRST "class 1 laundress will work by day or do
housecleaning.' 604 Minna st, near Seventh. >*
--¦i?*J^'_^_^--_ M r*«Crt-_EiBi_CT.^*--«._-_:» :--i. - ._;n» •,.»>:¦•-.- - - .- .-\< r- ¦¦
FOR eale— In Vallejo, one of #the best corne
saloons and rooming house "of 20 rooms, new
ly furnished; best rooms in town; if you ar<
looking for a safe investment you will find i
here; will bear inspection; cause of selling, re
tiring from business. For particulars call oi
ADAM MILLER, cor. Virginia and Santj
Clara sts.. Vallejo. ' -
A— WAGON-MAKING and horseshoeing shoi
for eale at a bargain. Call 404, Jackson st.
WE have some select oil land in Devil Dec
district which must be sold. Further infor-
mation 'West Coast Investment Co., Phelar
building.
A— SELECT butcher business; a choice loca-
tion; will sell cheap, as owner has othei
business. Box 4253. Call office.
FOR sale — Wholesale .fruit and produce busi-
ness; trial given; present owner going East.
Box 361S. Call office.
GREAT chance to secure fine modern store;
good, location for any business. 315 O'Far-
rell Et.. near Mason; see it.
CORNER grocery and bar; good business; large
stock; fine fixtures: 4 living rooms; cause
sickness. Address 748 Brannan st
TO let— Country blacksmith shop, with tools
Inquire at Elmhurst Exchange, > Elmhurst,
near Oakland.
GOOD opening for barber shop and baths In
hotel; also tailor. 718 Valencia St.
SALOON for f=ale opposite the ferry; rare
chance. Ill East St.. north of Market.
$60 — COFFEE and chophouse; must be sold to-
day; owner leaves for Europe. 245 Fifth Ft.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; good place
for man and wife. 531 Fourth st.
TO exenange— Alaska developed mines ' for
or business. 303% Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS French liquor store; est. 25 yrs.;
horse, wagon, cellar, etc. : rent $50. 1401 Powell.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1OS)6
Valencia 6t
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SAL53.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, phone Mint 796.
;... Established Over 26 Years.
Offers for Sale or Exchange
Rooming Houses, Boarding Houses
Hotels, Flats, Private Homes
City and Country Real Estate
Stores and Business Places
All sizes, price and
locations, from $10 to $10,000
for cash, installments or easy
payments; money to loan at ;..'.
lowest rates; give me a. call
I can suit you. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
ALL BARGAINS
IS-room house; sure to clear $100 $700
3S rooms; all rented; clears $175 2000
26 rooms; elegant corner; clears $150 1900
39 rooms on Market; clears $200 1S00
21 rooms; fine and sunny; clears $140 1200
10 rooms ; very central; on Taylor 400
16 rooms; near Eddy; new furniture...... 1350
560 other houses, from $50 to $10,000.
Give me a call. I sell and exchange real es-
tate and business places. What do you want
or what have you to offer?
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A. CAMERON & Co..
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st;
I Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list, with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
62 rooms; rent $135; well f nr. : reduced $3250
45 rooms; rent only $125; clears $225; good
location; fur.; carpets; investigate 4000
50 rooms: rent $125: 2-year lease; hard-
wood fur.; perm., transient roomers; 20
front rocms 1S00
15 rooms; rent $57 50; part cash; good S00
18 rooms: rent $47; brick building: good
fur., cpts; reduced to make quick sale 423
25 rooms; rent $110: fine location 900
SS rooms: cor.; rent only $125: located cen-
ter business part city of Stockton; best
paying house in city; elesant fur.;
clears .$275 3000
A— MARION GRIFFIN, The Real Estate Agent.
719 Market st.. rooms 1 & 2; by the Call bldg.
16 rooms; 2 fiats n. of Mkt. ; clear $76 $1000
S rooms; G. G. ave.; rent $40; new furn.;
Moquette cpts.: »£ cash: Income. $5S 423
4S rooms: 2 floors; rent $125: fine corner.. 1S0O
25 rooms; easy terms; velvet and Brussels
cpts: hair mattresses: clears $S5 over all 2000
I 21 rooms; rent $75; profit $60 over all 1000
50 rms.; hotel; elevator; clears $3000 yearly 6000
___________
1026 Market st.
15 rooms; corner; a snap; rent $50 $500
16 rooms; must sell for 500
18 rooms; rent $50; only 800
20 rooms: corner; rent $63 1330
32 rooms; rent $40; clears $100 1230
CO rooms; rent $65; fcr '. 1200
______________ "
You may buy any rooming-house in
the city, and pay for it
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., S30 Market.
FIPHER _ CO., 935 Market st.. opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price $S00: 35 rooms, price $K00.
14 rooms, price $1CCO; 12 rooms, price $350. :
16 rooms, price $1400; 11 rooms, price $325. i
8 rooms; finely furnished; rent $30; $500.
If a bargain, we have them at any price.
18 ROOMS on Pine st. price $450. ~
9 rooms on Minna st, price $250.
14 rooms on Taylor st. price $700.
19 rooms on Grant ave.. price $1303.
Eureka Real Estate. £S Sixth st. ;
THE largest and best list of lodging houses
and hotels can be found at ofllee of
G. W. PCHWEINHARD,
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st).
| Phone Mint 1911.
20 ROOMS, newly furnished: 3 years' lease;
$430. Aptily at 105 New Montgomery st.
SI'IRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance,, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore: oil locations: medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without i
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gou*h: Ellis-
ft. car; Mt, $1: letter, $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak— Circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m. : Wednesday, 2:30 p. m.,'
10c: readings dally. Me.
SEE and talk with your spirit friends; ma-
terializing peance to-night. ARNOLD DICK-
SON. US Sixth st.
JOHN PLATER— Circles 25c. Mon. & Frl eves..
8:15; Wed. afternoon. 2:13; sittings dally. 10
to 4. except Sun. ISIS Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. LOUISE P. DREW. Psychic. Slectrlc
and Magnetic Henler. .Room 14. 303 Larkln I
*t. : tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p.m. j
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return I
to-night. 603 McAllister; iQc; com? skeptics. |
MRS. LESTER, 14S Sixth, rm. IS;. cfrT every I
eve.. 10c. except devel. dr.. Friday eve.. 23c.
MRS. H. A. DUNHAM, business nnd test me-
dlum; many years' exper. 11 McAllister, r. 35.
Mis. Gillingham, hr*. 1 to 5; circles Sun., Wed.
Frl.. 10c. 305 Larkln. Wed..Sat..OakW..o32 22d.
EDWARD EARLE. MS Elll* st— Reading,
daily: seance Sun.. Tiics. and Thura.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daHv:tPst to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIUVOYAXTS.
mme. m. Bernard! ! T:
TIH2 FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly locate.-! at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happening and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be to'.d how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life-
25c up; perfect satisfaction fcuaranteed.
DIFFERENT FROM ALL OTHERS. ~T
1000 Callers Since May 1st.
Naaman, Russian eeer, medium, palmist and
advisr-r, tells your name, what you called
for. cures your disease or anything you want
to knew; no charges in advance: satisfaction
guaranteed; develops mediums In 2 months;
teaches palmistry, clalrvoyancy; hours 9 am'
to 9 p. m.: readings by mall. 326 O'Farrelll
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 3206 Mar-
ket st, comer Golden Gate ave.. rooms 23 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future: never falls: has the greatest
tgyptian secret: Bhows picture of future hus-
band or wife: 23c up; satisfaction to every-
booy; cures diseases by sympathy. 215^ Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight-
diagnoses disease wllh life reading; ladies 50c
prenta $1; palm, and clair. sit., $1 50. 126 Turk!
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy," clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114$ Market, op.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to S p. m.
FREE tests for 3 dayn-Mme.- Kanders 127 Ma-
son st.. medium, palmist: teaches mind teleg-
rapny; advice on all business; hours 12 to 8.
KNOW your fate: Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny: never
falls; readings. S0c..l203 Mission Et.. cor. Sth.
MESMAR Is the ¦ great fortune teller of this
city for peace of mind. 1152 Mission Ft.
- S 5^. V £?4 SO -V c . eIebrated Palmist nnd elairvoy,-
ant. 10.9 Market St.; full reading. 50c. ; .'
MRS MELVILL well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. .It, 6th;German spoken ;tel.Howard 1846.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader-
sittings dally. «g% JeSE ie ,?.. bet 5th and 6th!
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
pairaustry; truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
;'.;.;v' . FPRJflTURE FOll SAXE. *
PARTIAL furniture of 2 rooms for sale cheap
- in comfortable rooming house. Apply, prompt
ly. 28; Eighth .-st. --room 9. ; ¦ -. .. ¦ ;
4 ROOMS furnished : in '= oak, $48 50, with No. I
range. King Furniture Co.; 1127-1131 Market
$85-NEATLY furnished flat -of four rooms
Call after 6 p. m. 425 Dolores st; rent $10.
¦; t FURNITURE ".WANTED!' j ! ,1
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture
merchandise, etc.; pbone Jessie 2071. -;-J- . ;
BEFORE disposing : of your furniture sei
Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st.
A, WOLLPERT. 773 Mission at, pays highesi
Price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354,
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel.Polk694;
furniture A.furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
' CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
• pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. : tel. Jessie 761. -
HELP WANTED—FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S .104Geary st.
•¦•• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 first-class Southern California uniform wait-
resses for commercial hotel, fare advanced,
$25; 3 waitresses, ¦; same summer resort..... $2(
10 waitresses, city and commercial hotels, $20,
JZo; laundress, summer resort, see party here,
J30; cook, summer resort, see party here. $40;
laundry help of all kinds wanted, $25, $45.
•••¦ FAMILY- DEPARTMENT ¦....:.....
Cook for Oregon, fare paid, $30; strong
woman : cooks ; housegirls ; ranch cooks.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— CHAMBERMAID to wait, Santa Cruz
Mountains, $25. . • .
C. R. HANSEN. & CO.... ¦¦..... .104 Geary st.
"WANTED— Cook for hotel, Santa Cruz, $40;
cook, German style, no washing, $35; 4
cooks, German style,, small wash, $30; 8
cooks. . American families, small wash. $20-
?25; 4 waitresses for family hotels, city, J20;
20 waitresses for nice country hotel, $20-$25;
2 waitressas for springs, short distance, $20;
head waitress for resort, see party here, $25;
chan berwork. private - family. $25; -50 girls
for ereneral housework in city 'and country.
*20. J25, $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st. •
MRS. M. E. DAY........... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
8 ' waitresses, first-class city hotels. $20; 12
5 waitresses, country and resort hotels, $20 and
$25; 3 chambermaids, to wait, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids, commercial hotel, $20; woman cook,
.springs, $35, see party here; many others;
pantry girl, resort. $20, fare here. . ¦-' : :..¦¦¦
FAMILY DEPARTMENT. . -* '¦'.-;¦
Cooks, house . girls, city and country, < best
wages; second girl and seamstress, $25; nurse
' young baby, $20. .
.MRS. M. E. -DAY.. ...*. .....335 Geary.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 28 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Waitresses; resorts: flrst-class places; $20.
WANTED— Refined young lady as companion
and, help with light household duties and
baby; good home; "state remuneration ex-
pected. Box 3630, Call office, Oakland.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Lady cashier for restaurant with
some knowledge of shorthand and typewrit-
ing. Apply at 725 Market st. »
W ANTED— First-class waist and skirt hands
at room 134, Spring Valley building over
City of Paris.
LAST notice— To .all who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them.
WAITRESS wanted. Central Restaurant, 1191
Market st. . .,> . . ¦¦ - , . ¦
GIRL for housekeeping and plain cooking.
' Apply -S25 Golden . Gate ave. .: . .
APPRENTICE for halrdres3lng at G. LED-
ERER'S. 123 Stockton st.
GIRL 14 to 16 years to assist housework in
family. Box 3623. Call office.
PROTESTANT girl for light housework. 3631
Seventeenth St., near Dolores.
YOUNG lady for candy clerk, etc. ROBERTS,
corner Bush and Polk sts.
WANTED— 2 flrst-class lady ironers: one ¦ of
them must be be able to run shirt machine:
wages, ironer; $30 and found;, polisher, $35
and found. N. JOENSEN, Woodland, Cal.
DESIRABLE position for woman of good
business instincts with executive ability. Box
3617, Call office. ;
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
WANTED— Girl to do general .housework;
: wages, $20. 718 Stelner st.
PANTS finishers; steady work. 858 Howard st,
. over handball court.
WANTED— A good girl for shooting gallery.
Call at O. K. Chophouse, 523 Pacific st.
YOUNG girl for general housework and plain
cooking, $20. Call 9 a. m. to 12 m., 213- Brod-
erlck st . ¦ ¦ • ¦ . ;
EXPERIENCED shirt and overall operators:
best prices.- HEYNEMANN & CO., 410Vi Mls-
% slon st.
GOOD skirt, and shirtwaist makers for home
and factory. M. KRAKER, 224 Bush et
GIRL at dressmaking. 1542 Webster et.
WANTED— A neat young colored girl; good
wages. Call at 1026 Lombard. NE. cor. Hyde.
WANTED— A girl to do light housework: four
rooms. William Dunlap. 4 Oakwood, off 18th.
GIRL for general housework and cooking-
wages. $25. Call in morning. 601 Stelner st.
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory. 32V4 Fremont st Apply to
Al FINISHERS on suits. M. SIMINOFF. 1223
Market Et. •
WANTED— 100 girls. Apply to Long Syrup Re-
flnlng Co.. Eighth and Brannan sts. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at : 109£
Valencia st. ' ¦ ...
HELI* WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
...For New Railroad Work....
KO teamsters, ship to-night, free fare..Trucke^
CO laborers, ship to-night, free fare..Truckee
100 tunnelmen, drillers and muckers. ..$2 $3 50
For Chatsworth Park, ship to-night, free fare
50 laborers, ballasting track. Coast road......
. Laborers, Santa Barbara and L. A. division..
Ship to-night..... Free Fare Ship to-night
, E0 teamsters, ship daily, free 'fare Uklah
E0 laborers, ship dally, free fare... Uklah
10 farmers,' different ranches near city, $123
a day and board; 10 laborers for large com-
pany, country, $2 2"> a day; 10 lumber pilers,
country sawmill, , $35 and board; edgerman,
¦country sawmill. $50 and • board: gardener
good greenhouse man, $35 and found; man
and wife for ranch, $45; choreman, summer
resort, $25} 10 laborers, city, $2 a day; black-
smiths, country. $2*0 and $3 a day; 4 rail-
road section hands, $1 60 a day.
..'.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT :.....
Meat and pastry cook, $70; roast cook, coun-
try hotel. $70; waffleman,- country hotel, $40;
second cook and baker, resort, $30; potwasher
' country hotel; ,$35:,' potwasher. springs. $25:
10 dishwashers and kitchen "hands, $25 and
'$30; waiter, country club, ' $45; ¦ 4- waiters,
country, $30' and $25; German barkeeper,
country. $30. -•-- •.-..-
CR. HANSEN & CO..:... 104 Geary st.
WANTED— First-class trunk and valise makers
for Mexico; passage paid; good wages. Ap-
ply at Ahlborn House, 319 Grant ave. R. R.
LEON. .
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
.- ¦;.:•¦' 59 Third st. ; phone Bush 405.
PO railroad laborers.. .... .$1 75 and $2 "per day
Free fare .Free fare........: Free fare
10 men for mills and woods .......Free fara
4 redwood tiemakers, lie...'... .... ..Free' far?
,4 men to make pickets........ $6 per thousand
6 men to cut wood, 4-ft. pine $1 25 per cord
8 lumber pliers.. $35 to $40. per mo. and board
. 5 roush carpenters ...$2 60. per day
.20 laborers, near city... ' '..$2 per day
10 laborers, $14 per week, steady work; team-
sters, drillers ....$2 25 per day
4 laborers for city:.$175 per day; no blankets
• 10 ~ men to ballast track..:...'. ....... $2 per day
1 flrst-class powderman...$2 50 to $2 75 per day
. Man to milk 20 cows. ....:..:. ....$30 per month
Farm and ranch hands.' '....'.. .$1 25 per day
7 MINERS, $2 GO day; 4 quarrymen, ' $2 50 day;
laborers and car menfor mine. $2 day; la-
4 borers for placer mine, $2:.day; crew of
woods and .mill "men, '$30 to $60 and board:
• blacksmith, $45 and $30 and board: 3 section
." men for railroad; railroad laborers and team- •
-¦ters, free fare; drillers, $2 25 day. 1 . free fare,
and others. ' J. F: CROSETT & CO.. "• 62S Sac- 1
!> ramento. st.-. ¦/-.-:.¦;'.¦¦•':.•¦: »..-.:;•; ¦•'¦¦•¦.. j
-GERMAN or Scandinavian man and wife for'
- private • famlly.N $T.0; 3 ¦* stablemen; $30 and |
found; milkers, $30 and $3.1 and ; found: nut-
¦ ter and . cheese ; maker.'i $50 and found ; milksr
V and run : separator,- $33 and found; choremen,
> : $15, ' $26 ; and $30 - and - found ; > teamsters. - $1 25
day and board, and • others. uJ. F.- CROSETT
: '& CO.; 628 Sacramento st. .. •
COOK, ¦ small ', first class resort. $50 : fare here :
bartender, : summer ¦ resort, $30. -MRS "M" E
-.DAY, ?25 Geary st. • ¦ "
A—HOTEL GAZETTE,- 26 Montgomery. , rm. 12*
;. Walters,' country. hotels, "¦ $25; 'steady Jobs. , ¦¦;;•
WANTED— Reliable all-around grocery .' clerk :
• city experience; no bar; give reference. Box
4299. Call office. '¦ \ ,
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
. ' Free employment. Ci 927 Market st..- room 207/
;I.j:LESS. , Secretary: telephone Jessie , 1176. * ¦'/
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
'good opportunity, to right man.>F.. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building.' . '- ;,;;..,.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation to do
work by day washing, ironing or houseclean-
ing; $1 per day and carfare. 731 Folsom st
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants day worTT'and
take home; $150 day and carfare.- M. E.,
13S5 Harrison st. i
AMERICAN woman wishes situation; house-
work and cooking In email American family;
wages $25.- Address 822 Linden St., Oakland.
LAST notice— To all who have pawned goods
.with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them. . / ' ¦
GERMAN girl, 16 years old. wishes to assist In
light housework. Address Box 3622, Call office.
WOMAN wishes to work in hotel as cham-
bermald or waitress; city. 1 Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS cook will do light washing; best
of reference; $25 to $30. Call 437% Fulton;
desires position to do cleaning and sew-
ing by the day. 256 Ivy ave.
REFINED young lady . wishes situation as
. companion to elderly lady; has traveled con-
siderable and speaks several languages. 268
Clinton park, near 13th and Market sts.
YOUNG woman would like a « position to do'
light second work or take care of child In
the country. Apply 116 Wildey. st., off Till-
more, between Bush and Pine.
COMPETENT, ladies' nurse wishes situation In
confinement or as invalid's nurse; . reference
given. MRS. L. Me. 2406 Post Bt.
MAN and wife would like to care for home
during owner's absence. Address box 4273,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED stenographer and assistant
bookkeeper wishes position, substituting or
permanent. Address box 3606. Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes general housework; plain
cooking; small family. Please call at 512
Howard st. between First and Second.'
YOUNG girl would like situation to do second
work. 1039 Minna st., bet. 11th and, 12th.
ALL kinds of dressmaking done. Call or send
,' postal to 713^4 Minna st. above Eighth.
NURSE, experienced in office work, would like
position in doctor's office; excellent' refer-
ences. Address box 43C0, Call.
WOMAN wants washing or other work to do.
M. REICHOW. 417 Harrison St. .
GERMAN girl would like position as second
girl. Call 1156 Guerrero st.
GENTS' mending done at reasonable rates.
Room 3. 827A Howard st. ¦
YOUNG lady wishes place as housekeeper.
Call at S27A Howard st, room 15.
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to Jl 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and. subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '
. EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE. '
RELIABLE man wants position in private
place; understands care of horses and garden:
good driver; can milk; is a good all-around
man; good reference. Box 3631. Call office.
FOREMAN for vineyard, thoroughly acquaint-
ed with wine-making, superintending cellar,
field and orchard, wishes position. Please ap-
ply at 630 Sacramento st, upstairs.
WANTED— A position by. coachman or as gen-
eral man about place; understands garden-
ing; references. Box 2256, Call office, Oak-
• land. .
LAST notice— To all who have I pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
•redeem them. . 1
MAN with family wants to take charge of
stock ranch. Box 2255, Call of flee, ' Oakland.
AN Englishman wishes position; Is good cook-
best cf reference. Box 3628. Call.
BARBER with 2 years' experience wants work
with good man. Box 4236. Call. '.
WANTED by married man— Position as en-
gineer; can handle direct current dynamoj
and Ice-making machinery; can erect and do
all kinds of repairs on engines; good refer-
- erice If necessary. Box 4229. Call office.
MAN and wife with small child would like a
position In country; the wife is good house-
keper and man Is good butter and cheese-
• maker. 2049 Folsom st. '
POSITION wanted-A flrst-class stableman,
with local references: Is a rustler; will drive
if required; city or country. Address box
3613, Call office.
EXPERIENCED nurse, strong and healthy,
desires to care for Invalid: city or country;
will travel: good references. Address A. S
care A. DUNCAN. 127 Seventh st.
YOUNG married man wishes employment: not
. addicted - to intoxicants, .tobacco nor gam-
bllng. . Address D. W. S., 2253 Geary st.
WILLING young man will work forenoons for
board. H. HOBBS. 365 Jersle st.
WANTED-^Posltion by a young man used to
canmaklng an soldering, etc. Box 3620, Call.
MAN wants position attending to horses, drlv-
Ing; thoroughly experienced. Box 3332, Call.
WANTED— By a married man, as steward for
a mining boarding-house or . to manage a
hotel In country; best of reference given; 4
years In last place. Address W. A. M.. 516
Van Ness ave. ¦ .
COACHMAN; first-class family man, seeks
engagement with good pay. Address S. A. P.,
box 2254.. Call office. Oakland. ,
YOUNG man wants 'position in wholesale dry
goods and gents' furnlshgs. 1008% Market, r. 4.
A BRANCH office; for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
\ alenela st. • • \' .-.:'" - •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
•¦ ¦."*'¦ ..•'.. EXCHANGE. " v /< \-
EXCHANGE and' sale office. 321 Phelan bldg..
¦ Market st.— Send particulars of anything you
have for exchange, sale or want; registration
free: Insurance and loans, t. • . , . r
FEATIIEU 'RENOVATING..;'
Feather beds, pillows." hair mattresses steamed.
:_ purified. Owen McCabe. 870 Mission, cor. Sth.
_ _-_ _ _ " _ '¦¦¦" _ .'_¦ FINANCIAL, ; y^^-- ._'-
WANTED— 60,000 shares % Ward Consolidated
> Gold Mining Co. W. A." P.. 223 Parrott bid.
FLATS : TO* LET. .
NINETEENTH, 3984, corner Noe— Lovely low-
er 4-room modern, flat." $15; water free. Key
- 3978 Nineteenth st. .*.» /';': ¦<''. ¦¦*: •'» .V '., -I - - '.-
THREK'nice sunny flats; newly papered and
painted; 3 and 4 rooms. 647. 649 and 633 Jes-
sle st, n:ar Seventh; $12 and $15. .
JAST notice— To all ¦ who have pawned goods
, with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
.redeem them. ; . ' ¦.¦¦•-•'-.
APPLY Sutter. 230C — 6 sunny rooms; appreciated
If seen;; $22 50; water free; please Investigate.
NICE furnished corner flat of 4 rooms and bath;
rent $18. '41 Hermann' St., ) near Valencia.'
PAGE; , S03— 5 rooms l and ;bath; . just .vacant;
reasonable . rent. .. , .. ,. . '¦--¦':". • ¦-,
SEVENTH." 229,' near Howard— Upper flat of 4
nur.nj rooms and bath; no children.":. - .
FLATS TO, LET— Furnlnhed. /
UPPER floor, 4 furnished .rooms for housekeep-
Vlng.-. ; 2219 Devisadero st, ' cor. .Washington. ,
"A ' SUNNY upper ', flat on Oak ' st. J . ¦ near • Ash-
«ibury; rent., $40 to responsible; party. •.- A r '
GOLDEN GATE : avc^i 1317— Upper - flat. -: fur-
:.-nlshed.'4 rooms,'. bath; garden; -nice home; $25.
ELEGANT furnished flat.', 5 "rooms/ ho»h. 1221
Laguna st. ;corner Ellis. ."':"- -. ;
¦ " ¦¦¦ _ - i • * - «- - - .- . -*¦» ¦ • ; , . \ -. ¦• ,. •
MINES AND MIXING.
PARTY who holda group of eight located cop-
per claims would, like to meet men with
small amount of money to develop them:
they • are sure to work Into rich and paying
property. T. J. MAY, 638 Market st -
DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c, 5c and
10c per share; send for prospectus. Paelflo
States Mining and Investment Co. 328 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand 'machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand: we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on band; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J, NOONAN, 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission st; above Sixth; write for catalogue.
ALL have been notified to redeem their
pledges; a large lot of articles, consisting of
silverware, marine opera glasses, pistols,
guns, kodaks, guitars, banjos, mandolins,
violins, etc., have been left; will sell them
for the amount loaned. ITNCLE . HARRIS, 13
Grant ave. y
THOROUGHBRED collies, cocker spanie!3,
I Great Danes and St Bernard puppies, set-
I ters. pointers, fox. Scotch, skye. spitz. York-
J shire, silver and bull terrier pups, dachshund
i and Japanese pugs at College Kennels, 115
Halght st.. phone Page 1472.
A— BUYS, sells or renta gear, machinery, en-
• gines. boilers, water pipes, shaftings, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear at,. ¦-.
THOROUGHBRED cocker puppies, blacks. 6
irtontha; Great Dane bitch, 8 months, typical
- & extra large. 1376 Pine, bet. Hyde S* Larkln.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds
bought, sold, rented and exchanged. H. S.
WHITE. 516 Mission st. ¦ ., • ¦
LAST notice— To - all who have • pawned ' goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them. ;
A— $3.50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1.75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dres<j pants. $3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
¦ H. LIPTQN pays highest price for cast-off
clothing. 7 Spring st.. nr.Cat ; tel. Green 594.
L. SPARBER removed to 204 Mission st : gaso-
Hne engines, lathe pulleys, shafting, belting.
FOR sale— Large good Ice box; will take
smaller In trade. 2153 Mission st.
ONE 4-horse-power Covey engine: one 2\i-
horse-power Hercules; bargain. ' 910 Kearny.
ENGINES end boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 133 Beale »t.
MANUFACTURING plant 3 months In use;
must be sold at once. 2020 Market st
FAIRBANKS' 10- ton hay scale: jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
$48 10x13 UNIVERSAL outfit, new. $32 50. 109
Montgomery st.
GASOLINE engines. Id-hand, and other ma-
chinery bought and sold. Epstein. 533 Mission.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new ft 2d-hand-
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 58 Bluxomo.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engtr.es an.J
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.-.
WE pay bis prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton »t
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand 'movinc plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
SAFES— New and second-hand.* THE HER.
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market it.. San Fran.
.MISCELLANEOUS AVAJITS. -
AT.. once, good 2d-hand office desk: mus"t tie
cheap and in good condition. Box 3624. Call.
TILTON wants 2nd-hand clothing, especially
vklrts. street dresses. 154 9th: tel. Folsom 2522.
TO^ JLOAX.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which peopleTcaa
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will losa
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY ~, '¦ : T~"
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Loans on estates in probate.
- undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages. etc. . • . . .
ANY proposition, any amount; ( per cent; first.
- second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
. in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18,, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%: first. 2d and 3d mortgages,
undivided Interest, real- estate In probate:
mortgages and legacoies bought; no delay; get
my terms before doing business elsewhere. R.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st. room 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
/liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low.
/ est rates Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
- Ft; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc..' by private
party; no removal; no commission: confiden-
. tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.,- 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-"
.age;. reliable party. 1170 Market Bt. room 63..
I MOST reliable place to borrow on /diamonds,
j watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
' highest price for old gold, sliver. -diamonds.
. DEAL direct: furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly. private. Lick. 118 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
.-$1000; any. security. 302 Montgomery it., r. X. -
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Ex., 43t California.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private.' Room 81. 6 Eddy st
ON salaries or wages; no indorser required i"
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building!
LOANS money on salary; no tndoreer; Eastern
plan. -Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan Bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building*
low rate., 222 Sansome st.. room 2. ' '
T SFT2 ousley^S?i? pany: loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building. . . ; ¦ - ¦ ¦
CASH loaned to salaried people on* note without
indorser.-. MORRELL.J609 Examiner building/
» , MONEY JV ANTED. • "
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly: I treat ladies only
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others: the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; ' the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dlfl
flcult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. iqis Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment: the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
. indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea
gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
troubles of male and female sexual organs -
treat yourself: be your, own doctor: 4 months'
suppository treatment, $4; send stamp for
circulars. 1126 Market st. a F.. Cat.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give in-
stant relief for 'all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
. relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. . MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale' a
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market, ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive euro
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re*
turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
A POSITIVE! cure guaranteed in all femile
complaints or money returned; my regulator
- never falls: the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best cure; fee low; consult free
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1113 Market, nr. Mason!
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market, bet.
6th & 7th — Expert specialists; well known and
: reliable; 25 yrs' -experience; treatment guarnt'd
' to give Instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists: consult free.
MRS. DR. WYJETH, reliable specialist: 28 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. POPPER, female specialist: no pills or
medicine used. 1514 Devisadero st., nr. Geary.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW. cor. G. Q. ave. & Fillmore.
HOTTSES , WANTED. '
LADY wishes to buy lodging-house; no ajenta.
Address box 3605. Call office.' - ,.--..
' LOST AND KOUICD.
LOST— White bull terrier; 1% years old. R»-
ward at Oayety saloon. 631 Paelflo st.
LAST notice — To ' all who have Dawned roods
.with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them. . .
LOST — Week azo. brown and 1 white grey-
hound: liberal -reward. 1103 Stockton st
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. Ot Nolte
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet.; Powell and Mason!
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; AJ carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. JlS-320 Eleventh st-
telephone South 782.
», A— MURRAY "& READY....... Phone Main 5W8
- .. Leading Employment . and Labor Agents.
......OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY
175 laborers, S. P. and N. P. C.-R. R- Com-
7 panies' own work, on the following divisions:
• i Santa Barbara:... ....Surf....:. ..Los , Angeles
" " Coast road.. ....*.:....•.......... Western division
Ukiah.w ....Mendocino Co. to Trinity.Co.
. - Free fare... ..J... Wages $1 75 to $3 50 day
1 Free fare 7.. ..!7.... Office fee $1
Laborers.... ....;.•:. ;......-....:...;....Bls wages
J 10 laborers, for a mine..'.. t........»7o
6 muckers, quartz mine...:. ..:... $60 and found
15 laborers, large company, fare 10c $2 day
- ' 10 laborers," no . experience $37 50 *»sd icuna
e 25 laborers, board - yourself home •' or where
you like ..Jl 75 day
¦ 8 laborers, city ..$27 50, board and room
1 . Look here. .'.... We ship to-day.. Fare paid
10 -laborers, -no experience required, for the
'. mills, yards - and : woods, • sawmill * company,
$26, fare paid.:.. ' ;.". .*•
I . For a new mill and lumber company— 10 more
laborers, no experience . required, to work in
mills, yards and woods.... $35 to $65 and found
• Linemen for the woods ' and jackscrewers,
Sonoma County, $30 and $35 and found; cross-
-cut sawyers, free fare;- men to -work with
donkey engine. $40: loggers. $40....* <
....: MISCELLANEOUS '
Teamster, gold mining company, $40; chore-
man,, private place. $40 to $45; youngr men
. to work in machine shop, $1 50 day: 5 labor-
» ers 'and section ' work, $150 day; bricklayers'
helper, mine. $75; machine .miners. $90; boy
to carry water, $ I 25 day; stablemen, $30,
! $40 and $50 .II......
HARVEST .........FARM3....T.. DAIRIES
150 men • to work In hay and ' harvest fields,
drive headers, etc, $1 25, Jl 50 and $2 day
and found ; 59 teamsters and farmers. $25,
; $30 and $35; 15 milkers. $30 and $35; 9 chore-
men and boys. $20 to $30
............ MECHANICAL HELP •
Harness maker for a ranch, see boss here;
; 29 carpenters . for house work. I mines, factor-
ies and sawmills, $60. $50 and found. $2 50,
i $3 and $3 50 day;" 19 blacksmiths and help-
! ers. $3 50. $3 and $2 50 day. $40 and $50 and
found; machine blacksmith. 2 helpers, on
wagon work, 1 75 day; safe maker, second cax-
riage paJnter^ etc
. BAKERS BUTCHERS HOTEL DEPT.
Baker. Nevada County, $50 and found ; 1
¦ bakers, bread and cake. $17 50 and $15 week.
$40 and $50; shop butcher. $15 week; 9 shop
and slaughter butchers, city and country;'
cooks,- ranches and harvest crews; laundry
help, marker and distributer, etc. ; hotel
cook, mining town, $40; 9 cooks, $35, $40 and
$45; potwasher and kitchen help. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay St. T
INFANTS .wear salesman wanted by an East
era manufacturer for territory including am
west of Denver: first-class line, selling onlj
to best trade In large towns; state commls
sion wanted; no objection to bright woman
Box 3627. Call office. - .
CLERK— Wanted for office; must write a gocx
hand, be well acquainted with the city, havi
- some business knowledge and live at home
compensation $35 for month. Address witl
references, box 3628, Call office.
WANTED— Reliable man for light indoor com-
mission business; must be satisfied with $7!
per month to start: must have $150 cash
Apply at 25 Geary St., room 1.
STRONG boy for painter's apprentice; salloi
preferred. P. J. O'NEILL. 7 Spear St., aftei
¦ 5 p. m. * ;;¦•:.,
LAST notice— To all who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more tc
redeem them.
20 GOOD laborers- wanted at Hunters Poin:
Dry Dock.
WANTED— Butchers and sausage makers; gock
pay; permanent positions. 127 Mason st.
WANTED— A first class boot black. 824 Mont-
gomery st. * '
BOY wanted about 15 years old. 237 Powei:
street. *
WANTED— Reliable young man with somi
¦ cash; $40 month; no experience. 496 Fourth.
SASH sticker hand wanted. Pacific Planim
Mill. Berry st.. near. Sixth.
GOOD first-class barber. Apply 7 Stocktot
street
WANTED— Boy to learn the blacksmith trade.
107 Oregon st.
YOUNG butcher. 1S23 Point Lobos are.
WANTED — Young man or a helper at Misslor
Carpet House, 2020 Mission st.
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper on wagoi
work. 537 Branan'st. •
YOUNG man about 16 years for men's furnish-
Ing store. 424 Kearny st. .
JOE GARCIA, the barber, is -at corner oi
Clement st. and 8th ave., Richmond district
WANTED— 2 boys for factory at 152 New
Montgomery st.-
BUSHELMAN wanted; steady position. 113
Grant ave.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday
1405 Polk st. ; wages $5 50.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. TJ.
. S. Navy: able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch, able to read and speak English. For
further Information apply to the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; $GC
monthly paid our graduates; two months
completes; more calls for our barbers than
we can supply; tools presented; wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted; busy season now;
call or write for our special offer to-day
MOLER- BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective As-
sociation,, foreman, second and . third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to -know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GOOD men wanted to work on brass and iron
scroll work. S. F. NOVELTY & PLATING
WORKS. Bay and Stockton sts.
WANTED— Grading foreman or gang boss;
must haye experience. Apply rm. 11, 5th floor.
Mills bldg.' City Street Improvement Co.
WANTED— Steady man to take interest in a
paying commission business; $150 required.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777^ Market st.
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop, with baths. In near-
by country town, for sale. Apply DECK-
KLMAN BROS., 106 Ellis St.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS, •
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. !
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. SH Market.
WANTED— An experienced second cook; ref-
erences required. 20 Third st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
2 TO 4 chair barber shop wanted. Box 4272,
Call office. '.¦¦;¦• '-¦',
200 MEN to buy suits made to order, $1 per
week. A.- B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellis st.
WANTED— 300 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale, 50c up. 241 Third st.
GOOD barber: steady job. Apply 7.'3 Fourth
St.. San Rafael: tel. Red 15.
WANTED — Tailors on coats. 3 Brook st, over
Kast's shoe store.
TWO carriage blacksmith helpers. Y 537, Green
. street.
AT cash .prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS <3 CO.. 115 Kearny st.
GET • your shoes ' half-soled while waiting: 23c
to EOc. 562 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN.to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free.. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market. ¦ room 316."
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ . >
UflllSKK AX1) WAUOXS. -
10 HORSES for sale; also wagons buggies
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market'
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every 'Wednesday"
.6ULLIYAN-& DOYLE. Aactioneers. . ,
ONE fine phaeton for sale at a' bargain; one
| new stick-seat piano box buggy, - very stylish
3767, Twenty-fourth St. :¦ .
40 HEAD work and driving horses. 721 How-
ard I st. -"
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts. ham°ss
etc.. cheap. . EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. l express wagon, single : al«o llsht
rg^rlng waeon.- for sale cheap, r.32 Mission.
HORSES WASTED.
HORDES wanted to work on scraper Job- Tour
c r five months' work. Apply at 26 Montgomery
tt., room 25. , , ,
WANTK1>-A 'first-class stock, ranch. Box
;-3C23, Call. " : . ' . ',
_ ' HOUSES TO: LET. - j
A-PRINTED' list houses to let: send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.; U Montgomery.
6 ROOMS and bath; 14 Reed st: yard and base-
ment: - $15. >- Apply , 1325 Washington ; St.- ' - ¦ •
W-COTTAGE'S, rooms; garden ;: sunny. 1121
Filbert: st. 'rear, near Hyde, r , • .
$45— 8 'rooms,- large finished basement large
yard. 1615 . Bush' st.. > near , Franklin. - .-
HOUSES .TO LET— FURNISHED.^"
COMFORTABLY- furnished * house of 9 rooms
.- and bath ; . centrally • located. - Box . 4261, • Call.WOODMEN ELECT
HEAD OFFICERS
Membership in' Order Is
Limited to Small
Cities.
Delegates Finally Decide
Against Extending Jur
•• - isdiction.
ST. PAUL. June 12.— Election of officers
and a protracted contest over the admis
sion of cities of over 200,000 Inhabitants to
the jurisdiction- of the order filled the
business day of the Modern Woodmen of
America to-day. The proposition to take
city members Into the order came up on
the report of the law committee. An
amendment was proposed to this report to
dispense with the present limit, which
keeps cities of over 200,000 from joining the
qrder, Chicago, St. Louis, Milwaukee. Buf
falo, Detroit, Cleveland, San Francisco,
Cincinnati, Philadelphia and Pittsburg be
ing named in several motions and . being
then taken up one at a time and voted on.
On Chicago the vote was 260 to 32S. and the
others were more quickly disposed of. all
being voted down. This leaves paragraph
4 of the raw committee's report with tn +
single recommendation that Utah be ad
mitted to the jurisdiction of the order and
this amendment will doubtless be carried
on Friday. The action this afternoon in
considered as settling for some years to
come the membership limitations of tha
Modern -Woodmen.
The first business to-day was the elec
tion of officers. Head Consul "W. A. North
cott of Illinois, Head Clerk C. W. Hawes
of Illinois and Head Adviser Dan B. Herd
of Iowa, were re-elected. R. R. Smith of
Brookfleld. Mo., was elected head banker.
Physicians were elected for each state and
the following were nominated for direct
ors, five vacancies having to be filled: Ben
jamin D.. Smith of Mankato, Minn.; J. N.
Reece of Springfield, 111.; E. E. Murphy cf
Leavenworth, Kans.; G. "W. Reilly of
Danville, -111.; C. G. Saunders of Council
Bluffs. Iowa, and T. F. Hopkins of Rock
ford, 111. .. -
After the election of Head Consul Nbrth
cott, who has served rive terms succes
sively, that official announced that he
would not again be a candidate for the
position but would retire at th© end cf
the new term.
The ballot for directors, 620 delegates
voting, resulted: Hapkins. 270; Reilly. 506;
Murphy, 580; Talbot. 509; Smith, 590; Saun
ders, 564.
At the afternoon session the election of
officers was completed by the election of
the following: Head chaplain. Rev. James
I. Churm/Waupun, "Wia.; head escort. C.
D. Eliott, Washington; head watchman.
H. M. Smith, Richland, Mo.; head sentry,
A. E. Bates, Minnesota. -
Some people would rather do a thin*
twice than do it right in the first place.
PALACE HOTEL.
S S Rodman, U S N
S H Knowles, U S N
B U Steinfflan, Sacto
H Gibbons. U S V-
B F Brooke & w. Cal
T G Booth. N Y
Mrs Beseky, London
G Beseky, London
H Beseky. London
E Wallace. Yreka
H E Lesan. St Louis
R T Stanton, Chicago
D J Munn, B C
H O Moore, San Jose
J R Phillips. Stockton
R E Pelton. N Y
T Derby. New Almadn
C G Follis. San Mateo I
W T Borstleman, N Y|
W G Taylor. Los Ang I
E Ives, , Arizona : J
Miss A Ives, "Arizona
Miss C Ives, Arizona
C T Sprague, Colo
Mrs Sprague & mother,
Colorado Springs
H G Stevenson & fm,
Menlo Park
W W Van Arsdale, Cal
C H Holmes. N Y
E L Holmes, N Y
Mrs G B Poet, Pasaden
W A Reed. Los Ang
S Simmons, Los Ang
M W Eskey, Los Ang
A Alexander. Phila
S A.Alexander. Phlla-
G B Wilkinson. Phila
L Ahllsky, NY-..
W G Petrofsky, C A
N JFedor. Guatemala
GRAND HOTEL.
J F Hennessey. Mo
A E Wheeler, Los Ang
D A Spencer. Oakland
S Ofner. Chicago
F M Corser, D C
Mrs F A Neale. Chicag
Miss L T Neale. Chicag
C L Ramsdell.Hollistr
Mrs F W Sneible, Cal
Mrs M W Benson, Tex
C D Hayward. Cal
T Clark. ' Placervtlle :
G W. Johnson, Wls
R E Renaud. Stanford
J Goldman, Merced
G B Hammell, Arizona
J F Waterbouse. Cal
J A Daly. Napa
F E Clark. Denver
G Turner. Modjesto
O H Chase. Stockton
Dr F M Archer. Redd**
D A Cole & w. Los An
H Isaacs, Los Ang i
Mrs R F del Valle, Cal
Miss L del Valle. Cal
Miss E Blatz, Wls
C H Holmes.. N T «
Miss Holmes N Y.
F H Whinney, Bolinas
R Luscombe. Lg Gatos
J SReardon. Ca»> .
J McHatton & W.Mont
B M Callender. Chicag
Dr G F Faulkner, Cal
E K Taylor. Alameda ¦
C S Roeencrance. Ind
W A Rosencrance. Ind
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T Hannan, Honolulu
W Louth. NY
J Moon. Cincinnati
B Partnenter, CaJ
G T Green, Sonora
E Nlckola. Nlles
C Cantrell, Denver
H Carson. Oakland
M Richey, "Ventura
"W Dledrich, Cal
H Lee. Stockton
W T McDonald. Mass
E E F.'liott. Petaluma
D C Hubbert; Merced
O William & w; Seattl
H McFarland. N Y-
P J Murtha & w, Cal
M Welner & w. N T .
J Johnson. Cincinnati
A Watters. Napa j
HOTEL ADEtRIVALS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,; JUNE 13, 1901.
13
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• \ ' • -. ' Steamers leave Broadway
|^ . Wharf, San Francisco:
HBh>ti~ For Alaskan ports— 11 a, m.,
BSsHte. June 6 > 10 > 15, 20, 23, 30. July
WSPrCtfUifc. 5. Change to company's
hT feEdVfTl steamers at Seattle. —
' aBrVcB tAj For Victoria. Vancouver <B.
1 Eflflg^rfWHi C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
¦ t^^^KSESifil Tacoma, Everett, Anacor-es
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. June -5, 10, 15. 20. 25, to.
July 5, and every fifth day thereafter. Chang*
at Seattle for this- company's steamers • for
Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacama
for N. P. Ry.; at -Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
June 1. 7, 11. 16. a. 26, July 1, and every flith
day thereafter, h _
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m :
steamer Santa Rosa. Fnndays, 9 a, m. ¦; ¦
For Los Ana-eles. calling at Santa Crus.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port H-irford
fSan Luis Oblsjjo), Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro. East San Pe-
dro, "Newport (*Corona only)— Steamer Corona.'
Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonita. Tuesdays.
9 a. xn.
- For Ensenada. Maxdalcna Bay. San Jose del
Cabc. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paa, Santa Ro»a-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th eaca
month, v ' .
For further Information obtain compaars
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers., sailing dates- and hours, of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFTEM New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
(Friday), vat 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1742 Sutter street, thence to Third and
Townsend streets to 11:30 o'clock train. In-
terment Salem .Cemetery." -
LEWIS^-In ; this city. June 11, 190L Oscar,
husband of Charlotte A. Lewis, and father of
Alice, ! Howard V. and Arthur C. -Lewis, a
native of Maine, aged 64 years 2 months and
16 days. . *j*-~i-^ .
- IE7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to*rnorrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Misslan.Ma-
v sonic TemDle.' 2668 Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, under the
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 169. F. and A.
' M. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
LYNCH— In Los Angeles. June 11. 1901. Ed-
ward M.. beloved son of Margaret and the
. Jate Michael Lynch, a native of Virginia
City. Nev., aged 33 years. - . ,.
MacDONALD— In this city. June 12. 1901. Alex-
ander MacDonald. a native of Scotland, aged
48 years. - . . . -
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,,
thence to St. Mary's (Paulist) Church, where
a mass will be celebrated for the - repose of
his soul, commencing N at '9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets. .
McCLUNIE— In this city. June 12, 1901. Agnes
MeCluriie, beloved mother of Wlllfam -J...
Richard J., Jonathan E. and Robert B. Mc-
Clunie and Mrs. George M. Johnstone. a* na-
tive of Gretna Green, Scotland, aged 73 years
5 months and 14 days.
. [ETFuneral service* will be held to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, at her late residence,
641 Broderick street, between Grove and Ful-
ton. Interment private. ¦
McGUIRE— In this city, June 11. 1901. B. P.
McGuire, .beloved husband of Nellie Mc-
Guire, father of Gussle, Harold and Alice
McGuire, son of the "late John and Bridget
McGuire, and brother of Mrs. W.' J. Egan.
Mrs. J. J. Mahoney. Mrs. F. I. Devlin and
John, James and Alice McGulre t a native of
San Francisco, aged 34 . years.
ItyThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock. . from his • late
¦ residence, 208 Grove street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, . where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repese of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.-
Interment private, Holy Cross Cemetery. , .
MEAD— In this city. June. 12, 190L Julia A.,
.dearly beloved wife of the late John F.
Mead, and mother of Leslie, Michael, John,
1 Willie and Winnie Mead. Mrs.' J. W. Hen-
,nessey and Mrs. O. M. Howe and the late
'Mrs. William H. Brittaln, a native of South
English, la,, aged 45 years 11 months. and 12
days. - , -*•..* .
G7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
¦ dence, '287 California avenue, near Thirtieth
street, thence to St. Paul's Church,' where a
requiem high mass -will be celebrated for
the reiKse of her soul, at 9 o'clock. Inter-
. ment Holy Crofcs Cemetery. " •¦¦- . • .
MELLIN— In this city, June 12, 1901, Nellie,
beloved wife of Charles Mellin. and mother
of Carl. George and" Oscar Mellin. a native
of Sweden, aged 36 years. .
O'CONNOR-In San Rafael. Cal.. June 11. 1901.
Harry W. T.. beloved and only child of Wil-
liam and Ethel O'Connor, a native of San
Rafael, aged 7 months and 24 days.
K7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thi3 day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, B street near Fourth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
O'KEEFE— In this city, June lL 1901. Bessie,
beloved wife of Edward O'Keefe. and mother
of Maurice O'Keefe. a native of County
Mayo. Ireland, aged 38 years.
(T5"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the- funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking
Company. 20 Fifth street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass- will be celebrated for the repose of her
. soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. 'Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . -. . * '
PARK— In this city, June 12, 1901, Samuel
• Chase, beloved husband of Amanda Park,
and father of Martha, Elvaretta. Adelbert,
Mary Estelle, Joseph. Eliza and Ruah Park.
a native of Litchfleld, Pa., -aged 75- years 5
months and 15 days. > *
PLUMMER— In Alameda, June 11. 1901. John
Allen, beloved husband of Gertrude Plummer,
father of Mrs. Herman- Wllkie and Walter
Allen Plummer. and brother of Charles A.
Plummer, a native of Boston. Mass., aged 63
years and 8 days.
RICE— In this city, June 12, 1901, Leroy Edgar
Rice, beloved son of Lizzie and William Rice,
a native of Santa Cruz, aged 6 years 9 months
and 15 days. . (Santa Cruz papers please copy.)
RULE— In Oakland, June 12, 1901. Mrs. T. M.
Rule, wife of the late James G. Rule, and
mother of Mrs. B. B. Booth and Bessie Rule,
, a native of Cornwall, England.
SMITH— In this city, June 12. 1901. at his resi-
dence, 154'zfc Sliver street, John J., dearly be-
loved husband of Margaret Smith, and lov-
ing father of Walter, Joseph and Alma
Smith, a native of Sweden, aged 46 years and
7 months. A member of Longshore Lumber-
.. men, Local 224. ".
STEPHENS— In Sumpter, Orj, June 7, 1901,
Ellas G.; beloved husband of Kate t. Steph-
ens, ; a native of Ireland, aged 63 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ' this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by electric funeral car from
. Fourteenth ' and Mission streets.
STUART— In this city. June 9. 1901. Annie
Jane Stuart, beloved wife of James Stuart, a
native of Ireland, 'aged 44 years.
CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 .o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to- St. Joseph's Church, corner Tenth
and i Howard streets, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment private. Holy - Cross Cemetery.
j Please omit flowers.
THOMPSON— In this city. June' 10, 1901, Ed-
ward, beloved husband of Sophie Thompson,
and father of Wallace L. Thompson, a. na-
tive of England, aged 39 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to- attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chaDel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company. 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. - Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery by
11:40 o'clock train from Twenty-flfth and Va-
lencia streets. • ., j.
MUSICAL IXSTRCMEXTS.
WE offer 2 Smith & Barnes uprights at $223
each: used leys than 6 months: good as new
1 fine walnut Arlington, $175.
1 email French upright. $75.
1 Packard upright, in beautiful burl waln;i;
case. *300.
1 Baby Darker *: Son vralnut upright, $Iia,
and many others cf equal desirability.
Call or address THE ZEXO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st,
ALL p'.snoF iirrchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
*¦ CO. rr.sy re exchanged for a new Steinway
upricht or Imriv grand piano any time within
2 y!Z.TF froi" <Jate of purchase, and have full
Trice nKoti-A. New upright pianos, 16 per
mouth; boine good pianos Hold for S3 $4 anj
J." per moiuh. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
fte.. San Francisco: corner' Broadway and
T'.iirtfnOi t-t.. Oakland.
RKHOVAt. of KEEFFE'S piano-. store from
Market rt. to our large and elegant quarter?.
3M Post ft., opposite Union square. Are am*
prepared tc offer several new makes j»nd all
of >.ur <iM stork at greatly reduced Tiric.-"?.
JAS. KEEFFE, 314 Post St.. between StocU-
ton and Ppwell.
ANT piano sold by us taken . back any time
within s years and fail purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; coets you only 20c a day to buy a
Pl«no from us KOHLER & CHASE, 50
O'Farrell Bt.: "gtablished 1SS0.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains — 1 Kmei-
fon. I Hailrt g. Davis.. 1 Conover. 1 CtirUi 1
Mrrllng. $75. $125. $145. etc.; easy payments.
HENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st
r"hloker:iisr. Vose. Sterling Agency: also
Apollo, king of self-players.
BARGAINS— Clearance sale bargains; upright
tjlants. $75 and upward; Steinway. Knabe.
tmerron. Hartman and others: squares, $10
up. HIUTEN'X. 20S Post St.
ALL makeF; great banratn list: $o0 up; rents
J2 up allowed. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217
Ceary Et.
S^HMKR ft Co.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Lester.
Hamilton and Splelmann pianos. ByronMauzy*
srs Pott.
FOR RALE — Upright piano: almost new: will
fell cheap for cash. Apply 11S2 Taylor st.
WANTED— Ten square pianos for country
schools. BYRON MACZT, 308 Post *t-
FrNE lers* upright piano: also folding-bed:
great sacrifice. 224 Golden Gate ave.
AN upright piano: must be poid: owner leav-
lne. HORN'UNG. 216 McAllister Bt.
CLOSING- out stock of pianos; prices reduced
one-half. W. C. HAMILTON., 8 Flood bldg.
LT'mviO plnnofi the most popular. \VILEr~B7
ALLEN CO.. general agents. 933 Market st.
$3 j>er month rents a beautlfut piano. SCOTT^
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
Geary st.. room 3S.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
AJIiEter *t.^j
AT WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market St.. you
oan pet storage pianos almost for a song.
BiROAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
PCKMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
FT-PFRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. ST
MT~LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. Si7 Market St.—
Pinny offices. $15 to $20; usual cervices.
OIL.
CALTSTOGA OH and Development Company:
operating on 2120 acres of oil land In nine
districts. Office. 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at JOc: big advance
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
veetment Co.. S26 Post Open evenings.
OIL tanks, eecond-hand. In good order: all
stzes: t-hean. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission Bt.
OIL LANDS.
OIL lands ror sale or lease in all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands In the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to invest in stocks of the leading oil
«v>mpanies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHFA & PETERSON. 3m Examiner building.
r\i\TKns AJtn decorators.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good rell-
able work. Clark's. SOS Larkin; tel. Larkin 1060
%VE paper parlors or rooms from $3 up; palnt-
Ing done. 319 Third st. Hartman Paint Co.
PALMISTRY.
MRsT^MTTJ^M^CUsTTSentific palrnIstr**TeT
Blue 311, 10 to 5. Residence 731 Guerrero.
MME. GERMAINE. the business palmist of
the Pacific Coa«t; I to 5. 906 Market et.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor ft., bet. Geary and Poet; tel. Black 561.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
reading: lessons in class and private. 617 Jones.
PERSONALS.
INFORMATION wanted as to the wherea-
bouts of MICHAEL JOSEPH McDONOUGH.
late of Movill, County Donegal, Ireland, by
his parents, now living at 69 Clifton Park
ave.. Belfast. Ireland. Write to them or the
Chief of Police, San Francisco.
WANTED to know the whereabouts of ROSIE
HILL or BRIDGIE SMITH: would gladly be
received by her mother. MRS. SMITH. 908
Illinois «t.
WHY THROW YOUR LIFE AWAY ? ? ?
Going without sleep and turning yourself Into
a nervous, irritable wreck; all nervous and
mental diseases cured; sleep assured: hallu-
cinations dispelled. DR. VAN LANDEGHEM,
568 Geary et.: tel. Erown 80; hours, 10 to 4.
A— IF your hair Ib falling or you are bald, call
en DR. G. S. MOORE. 488 Geary 6t.. and you
win not be disappointed: this remedy ts posi-
tively puaranteed: preparation eent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale, also
rhenllle-wove rugs, eilk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 708 Fifth, Oakland.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
*5c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
t\ WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up: ele-
rant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. 12 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-121? Stockton st.. near Broadway.
Ladles' and cent*' cast-off clothing bought and
f>ol<l. J. Sllverman, SS4 Folsom: tel. Forsom 119L
LADIES' tailor suits made to order: reasonable.
B. KRAMER. Ladles' Tailor. 220 Powell st.
J TAILOR made cults. 17 SO; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Harriet Welch. 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. and Sat.: electrolysis: 17 years' exper.
OLD pold, silver, diamonds and precious ttones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market et
ALFREDUME Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orcere. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and mole* destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In 'wrapper for mailing $1 per year.
PHYSICIANS AND St'RGEOSS.
PR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 Market Bt.. between Sixth and Seventh.
fc>R. WONG HIM. herb doctor, (successfully
treat* all disease* of the human body: sea
testimonial* at offle*. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PHYSIOGNOMY.
SCIENTIFIC delineations of character by face
or photo. Mary O. Etanton. S10 Leavenworth;
verbal read'g. SI; printed chart. 12 50; lessons.
PILES-
KEARLT 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30
yean; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
mrrtry or delay from business, and no
•salve* for rale. Particulars, address Phy»i-
cl«n. box 1950. Cull office, fi. F-. Cal.
KEAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
AN Ideal country home of 23 acres; heart of
Eanta Cruz Mountains; 63 miles from San
Francisco: elevation 1200 feet; unexcelled
place for private sanitarium: ocean view.
145S full-bearinsr fruit trees, consisting of
prune, peach, cherries, walnuts, pears, apples,
figs and chestnuts.
1800 vlnea in full bearing; choicest table
grapes.
2500 vines; Cornichon grapes; 2 years eld:
House of 8 rooms, barn and outbuildings; all
furnitnre and farming Implements go with the
place; price S4250; $2000 can remain on mort-
gage. Addrers D. BRITTON,
Ol ymr>lc . Theater.
BELMONT home site for sale or exchange;
two blocks from R. R. station, on Ralstoc
ave., San Mateo County. Apply C. P. Gib-
bons. 309 Bansome St., bet. 2 and < p. m.
BUT to Napa County: no droughts, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for fre«
copy "Napa County Vltlculturist." Th« \V.
A. MACKIXDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
tret lUt. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. C*L
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
IIKKKELEV KEAL 'ESTATE.
5-KOOM cottage; good, location: near station
and street cars; barn, chicken houses, city
water, fruit trees; price, $1200; $100 cash;
balance ?15, per month. ¦ RUDOLPH, PER-
KINS & LYON, Lorln station.
A PICK-UP: 5-room cottage, modern in c-very
respect; lot 40x100; close to local trains and
street cars; price, $1250; $1CO down; balance
$15 . per month; bank loaned $1200 on this
property; this Is a genuine bargain. ' RU-
DOLPH. PERKINS & LYON. Lorin station.
HIGH basement cottage; 5 extra large rooms
and bath; windmill and tank, flower garden,
stable, chicken house, .etc. ; price. $1750; $200
cash; balance $15 per month; . this property
win rent for more than Installments; Lank
will loan $1400 on this. RUDOLPH, PER-
KINS & LYON. Lorln station.
WHY r^yvrent?- Modern cottage of 4 rooms
and bath, -with high basement, near trains,
street' cars, stores, etc.; street . and-'stwer
work all done; lot 37x120; insured for $1000;
rents for $10 per month: price. $1400: $150
down; balance $15 per month; take Berkeley
tr.iin, get oft at Lorin station; office west
side rallrcad track. RUDOLPH, PERKINS
& LYON, Lorin station.
Open Sundays. ... - ',
No. 122, $1200 — 5-room cottage: lot 50x110; cor-
ner; cheapest cottage In Berkeley. •
No. 190, $1750—6 rooms and targe attic; owner
gone North and ordered this property sold at
a sacrifice.
i No. 194, $2200 — Property must be sold; 6-room
house: large lot; 1 block to electric cars; make
j an offer.
i $6000— lS-room house for exchange for Income
tanch: well located -for rooming-house.
S. S. QffJACKENBUSH. ,'
Real Estate and Insurance,
Opposite First National ank.
Mill Valley ' Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE. -
THE HEART^P~MILirVALLEY!
Formerly Known as |
The Wormonth Tract,
Now to Be Called .
/' ¦ Sunnyside Tract.
This beautiful tract, consisting of over 40
acres, is now being subdivided into lots and
will be immediately placed upon the market
forsale. Streets will be graded, macadamized
and sewered. The California Title Insurance
and Trust Company of San Francisco will
issue an Insurance policy for every lot/ sold
guaranteeing title.
For maps and full Information address
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$130 CASH. $6 monthly— Cottage of rToomsT
hard finished; 2 fine lots, all fenced; a fine
home for a small family or bachelor, where
peace and quiet reign; near a fine school,
electric cars, church and town hall; 100
families located- within 3 years; soil, cli-
mate and view the very best; good neigh-
bors and pleasant surroundings; adjoining
East Oakland; price in all $423, to make
speedy sale; see this at once. Call or send
for circular. 455 Seventh St., opposite Broad-
way station. Oakland; carriage free.. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
BRAND-NEW, pretty, cozy Eastlake cottage I
(just completed), 5 rooms, high basement; a
; little gem and complete In every detail: built
for comfort and convenience; will tint In
colors to suit buyer; modern plumbing, stone
¦walks, open lawn, etc.; sunny all day; handy
to cars; not far out; to see this Is to want
it; title perfect and no mortgage; terms if
i desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500 — ONE block from Broadway; cozy cottage
of 6 rooms, basement, bath, etc. ; In fine con-
dition and right In the very heart of Oak-
land; choice neighborhood; open lawns, stone
walks, ¦ etc. ; bank loan of $1650 can remain;
bargain for a home or investment. . .
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
$2?50^CORNER flat. Just completed; > elght
rooms; fine neighborhood: three blocks to
ferry trains. HERON & HOLCOMB, 1060
Broadway, Oakland. . ' • ¦ ' .
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
BUNNY, well-furnished flat; yard; raspberries;
rent $20. 1378 Twenty-fourth ave., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALL or part double parlors, dining-room,
kitchen and bedroom: furnished: sunny cor-
ner; conveniences. The Vera, 301-303 Polk st.
EDDY. 939— A floor of 4 or 2 furnished" rooms;
private residence; no children.
EIGHTH, 112— Two furnished rooms for house-
keeping; upper flat.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished double parlors, kitchen
and bath, $20; 3 for $12; also single.
GEARY, 658— Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping. -•
GROVE, 101 — Two- front rooms; light house-
keeping if desired; no children.
HAIGHT, 222— Two perfectly appointed house-
keeping rooms for a couple; telephone.
HOWARD, 539 — Two nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
HYDE, 40S— Sunny alepve suite complete for
housekeeping, $20; also basement suite, $12.
LAST notice — To all who have pawned goods
with UNCLE, HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them.
MISSION, 2244. near 19th— Fine sunny rooms
for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
OCTAVIA. 1403, corner Geary— Large sunny
bay window; running water; mantel; light
housekeeping;. $10.
O'FABRELL. 317— Newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas range.
POLK. 1002—3 and 5-room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping: $15 up; reference.
POST, 827—3 large sunny connecting rooms,
newly papered, modern conveniences, com-
plete for housekeeping; also large room in
rear -for lady or gentleman, rent $5. -
VALENCIA. 834%— Sunny front room, connect-
ing kitchen, furnished complete; bath; rent
$12; no children. ¦. . . .. %.
VAN NESS, 232— Housekeeping rooms complete.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia it. , ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. ?200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORn' HOTEL, S21 arant~ave7^Best $1 a
day, family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 60c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; <$1 25 to $5 par week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. . •
A-MARKET,' 1049A— Nicely furnished suites,
$12. per month up; singles, $5 per month up.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshedrms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CASTRO. 743, near 20th— A. most desirable suite"
of sunny corner furnished rooms, or single
rooms; admirably suited for doctor or dress-
making parlors; no children; references re-
quired. - .
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant, sunny unfurnished
rooms to let. • .
GALT House, 1206 Market— Fur. rooms. Mr. &
Mrs.J.P. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
GRANT ave., 7— Nice sunny suites and single
rooms; rent cheap. . , "
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan), 24 Turk st:,
nr. Market— New building, elegantly furn.-,
Just opened ; strictly first . class and up-to-date
• in all appointments; inspection invited; must
'.be seen to.be appreciated; 76c day and up;
. special rates by week or month,; references.-
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites *• single;
. transient; baths. Mrs. King,' Turk and Taylor.
HYDE, 29*— Lovely large corner suites v and
single rooms; private bath. , ¦ • •-, . «¦
LARKIN, 816A— Nicely furnished rooms', reason-
¦ able prices; private house;
LAST notice— To all who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them. . ' _. . .: .--•
MARKET. 1015 (New ' Arlington)— Nicely - fur-
nished rooms $2 a week up; 35c aday up. •
MARTHA place, 3, oft Geary st., between Ma-
son and JTaylor— To - let, a nice cheap ' room.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites.-newly
furnished: private; bath; single roomg $10 up.
MASON," 225, cor. O'Farrell— Sunny bay window
rooms; transient. - '" •.*•': - ; •¦ '• , .¦
3 UNFURNISHED rooms to let. Inquire gro-
.cery, cor. Clay and Mason sts., ' • •
M'CLELLAND, 200 Turk st.'— Sunny furnished
single and double rooms; also transient. :.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
RKAI. F.STATF CP.T — FO,t P«.LB.
G. H rMBSEN «Tc6.. ~^ . ~ ~,~~_
14 Montcomery Street.
AUCTION! .
AUCTION' v
AC CTIOX! . * ¦ \
. A V C T IO N !
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
At Ou i-.akM-.jom. MONDAY. June IT. 1301.
At 12 O'clock Noon. - ,
REFEREES' SALE. I
The following piece of property by order of i
G. H. Umbsen and Jacob Brownstone, referees,
subject to confirmation by the court:
23S Sixth et. and 69-71-3 Harriet st.— Improve-
ments consist of store, lodging-house of IS
rooms and 3 tenements (double frontage): 12:6x
155.
REFEREE SALE~
By Order of G. H. Umbsen. . Sole Referee.
Stockton st.. east line, between North Point
and Beach ets., 137:6x273 (3 frontages)— This
I choice holding suitable for manufacturing pur-
poses; subject to confirmation by the court.
CHOICE MARKET-ST. CORNER.
SW. cor. Market and Tvrelfth sts.— This
¦choice corner (three frontages) is partly covered
by improvements, which consist of store, cot-
tage and 3 fiats: rents nominal, $100 per month;
lot 25:11x165. with L 50x75.
HAYES-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY. -
454-6-8 Hay^s st..' north line. bet. Gough and
Octavla sts.— Substantial three-story and base-
ment building, containing store with 2 rooms,
¦well-llKhted basement and 2 flats above of 6
and 7 rooms ' and bath each : rents $90 per
month: lot 29:6x120 to Ivy ave.
PARTITION BALE.
465 Minna st. near Sixth— Improvements con-
fist of good building, containing 4 tenements;
rents J4S t>er month: lot 25x75. - .
E. M. CARLISLE ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
1904 Devlsadero st., eaBt line, near Pine— Cozy
bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and bath: street
bltuminized and accepted by the city; lot 27:6
X100.
CHOICE MISSION CORNER.
NW. cor. Howard and Twenty-sixth sts.—
Improvements consist of 2 stores and 2 flats of
7 and 5 rooms each; rent $65 per month; lot
60x60.
•WESTERN ADDITION 'COTTAGE.
' 509 Steiner st.. west line, near Fell— Cottage
of 5 rooms and bath; street accented by the
city; lot 27:6x110.
M. LACLAVERIE ESTATE. ""^
Administrator's Sale.
509 Lombard St.. SW. cor. Lombard alley, bet.
Stockton and Powell sts.— S-story brick build-
ing of 6 rooms: rent $20 per month.
HENRY ESPEL ESTATE. .
2125 Howard St.. bet. 17th and 18th— Bay-win-
dow house of 8 rooms and bafh: brick founda-
tion, etc.; rent $30 per month: lot 25xl22i6.
NEW MISSION COTTAGE.
31 Eureka st., bet. 17th and 18th— A new bay-
window, cottage of 6 rooms and attic; lot 23
xi25.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS & INVESTMENT.
Number L
Folsom st.. east line, bet. 20th and 21st— Two
choice building lots; street bltuminized; 25x95
each.
Number 2. ¦
2457 Folsom St.. east line. bet. 20th and 21st—
Improvements consist of stable on ground floor
and flat of 6 rooms and bath above; street
bitumlnlzed: lot 25x95.
MARY LEAHY ESTATE.
440-2 Harriet st., off Brannan, bet. 6th and
Tth— Improvements consist of 2 cottages of 3
rooms each; lot 25x75.
For further particulars apply G. H. UMBSEN
& CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. '
6G7 MARKET ST.. OPP. KEARNY
Genuine Bargains In Best Portion of City.
855,000— Post st. corner, downtown; splendid
building; 60 feet front; paying 6 per
cent net.
$51.000— Eixth-st. corner: 1% blocks from Mar-
ket; rents $325; fine building.
$40,000 — Grand investment: few blocks from Ti-
». voli; modern building; leased to one ten-
ant for 6 years at $4000 per annum; only
U cash;
$40,000 — First-st. corner; 75 feet front; whole-
sale and manufacturing district; vicin-
ity new Crocker building.
$37.600— Ellis St.. close to Taylor: new building:
one tenant: leased with security; annual
rents about $2800.
$36,000— Downtown Mission-st. bargain; 70 feet
front; this is a rare buy; the largest
lot to be had on Mission st. to-day.
$25.000— Best improved; north of Market st.
close to Geary and Grant ave. ; 4-story
and basement brick building; 40 feet
frontage; rent $170.
$18.000 — Howard St.. near Third: splendid 4-story
and basement structure; no better buy
to be had in this district: low rents $125.
$17,500— Western Addition business property;
% stores and flats on best street; 50-foot i
lot: this is a clean investment; rents '
$107.
$15,000— Sansome-st. corner; wholesale district;
35 feet frontage; rents $153.
$11,000— Modern flats; rents $140; lot 50x137:6;
facing Golden Gate Park.
tSlOO — McAllister-st. income property; near
Octavia; two frontages; rents $85 Der
- month; lot 27:6x120.
A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market street. -
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Superior lots; choicest bargains; call and be
convinced. j
$100, $150. $200 to $350— Level Ocean Boule-
vard lots; ready to build on; near cars; $5
monthly. •
Select our Sunset lots; graded and sewered-
all bargains; building up rapidly; don't wait*
$500 to $900; Installments. '
Sunset branch office. Ninth ave., near H st.
$400 to $S30-^We can positively suit you in
Richmond lots; easy terms.
$75. $100 to $250— Level lots near Mlssion-st
cars; ready to build on; $5 monthly.
POSITIVE BARGAINS IN COTTAGES ON
EASY TERMS.
$4500— Elegant new 6-room cottage, stable and
driveway; 50x120; choicest street In Richmond
$3500— Best built 7-room cottage;- Richmond "
$2000— «-room cottage; choice st.; Richmond
$1350 each— 2 splendid cottages in Sunset
$1000— 3-room cottage: Richmond " '
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
' / 54 Chronicle building.
FINE lot for flats, near Van Ness ave.' '7i,ix
105; $5200. ' L-*vf*
5 flats on business street In Western Addi-
tion; large lot: room for 3 flats more; cheap
Investment; Larkin st., near City Hall- rents
$95. - .;
¦Western Addition Investment. 3 blocks from
Market St.. on level; rents $69; double front-
age. 23 by 120; 2 good two-story buildings-
J8000.
$21.000— Rents $187: 4 blocks from Market: on
level; Western Addition; could be cheaply Im-
proved to pay $220; lot 74 by 120.
Good modern two flats any key lot; McAllis-
ter st.. next to crosstown business street; rents
50-vara Presidio Heights: $7000; marine view
Lot 34 1-3 by 137%: marine view; north side
Vallejo; $4300.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS, 6 Montgomery.
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR BARGAINS?
These properties must be sold.
Small flats renting for $336 per year; always
rented to good tenants and in good condition
Price, |2750.
Lot on California st.; very large, 30x100 feet
Only $750. •
Lot on Panhandle; $3000 refused for this lot-
a chort time ago: 25x137:6. Price, $2500.
The owner of these properties has gone East
to remain and has given positive Instructions
to me to sell them, and I am determined to
carry out his Instructions. ' The properties will
positively be sold; somebody will get bargains;
why not you?
, HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market st.
RICHMOND Land Co.. 323 Clement St.. has
several attractive houses, 4. 5, 6 and 7 rooms,
that ore offered at less than cost of con-
struction. First choice is best.
$2350 — NEWLY painted new 5-room cottage; all
modern Improvements; lot 25x114 feet. In-
quire 125 Twenty-ninth et. .
FOR sale— Choice residence property;' Ellis &
Gough: 25x120 to rear street; $7500; no agents
Box 3607. Call office.
NEW modern houses, 6 rooms; bath; on Mont-
gomery ave.. near Leavenworth st. ; $2300. In-
. ctallments $15 monthly: take Hyde-st. car.
LAST notice — To all -who have pawned goods
with UNCLE HARRIS, only 9 days more to
redeem them.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market— Lists of farms and
city property for sale & exchange ; send stamp.
IF you have lots to cell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 630 California at.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
' 16 patren. In vmryner. *nr nrntilne. $1 r>*r year.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL -ESTATE. ,
FOR SALE— ' "~ j T
$10.800 — 4 blocks; E2 lots: great ' bargain : re-,
Cured to $5000; must be sold.
$1100-Five-room cottage; Iot30xl50; only $1100.
$1600— Five-room, modern . cottage;, lot 55x100
must be sold.' — - . .. .-
! Lot on Weber st. : $1000.
; 10 lots on Ninth st. ; $250 each: 30x270.
i E. D. JUDD & CO.,
; • 1424 Park Bt. Alameda.
$1800 — BEAUTIFUL 6-room modern cottage:
! owner must sell on account of departure; swell,
i situation; large lot; street work all complete;
j must be sold Immediately. HAMMOND &
j HAMMOND. 2326 Santa Clara ave., near Park
et.. Alameda. ¦ . .
ALAMEDA and • Frultvale bargains for invest-
ors and house-seekers; on easy terms or ex-
i change for city or country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN. . :
One of the finest residences in the city:- 10
rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc.; best location ; fin-
ished in oak. blrdseye maple and Carolina
pine; highly decorated;. lot 85x170 feet.
. • . * . A..R. DENKE.
' ' Webster-Bt. Station. Alameda.
| ALAMEDA COTTAGES t OR SALE.
FOR sale— Modern cottage. 6 rooms: bath; lot'
\ COxlSO. 1518 Mozart st., Alameda, Mas tick stn.
O. #?. &N.CO.
Only StaMnahlp XjIxxo to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail L?"e from Portland to all
prints East. Through *leV«ta ?» all
point*. »<•?' "<• «*e»-n«'»''» «••»•* i»ail, at
. IiOWEST RATSS.
STEAMER TICKET' rrCLuTTC BB^ITH »nd MEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA— Sails June 12. 23. July 2. 12. M
SS: GEO. "W. ELDER.. 1
Sails June 17, 27. July 7. 17. 27
D.W.HITTHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 MontgonVy.S.y.
HAMBURG- AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service- -
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBTJRQ.
Al'G VICTORIA •- J'WE 20.10 A.M.
Columbia '.—June 27|Deutschland....July It
F. Bismarck July 4 > Columbia... July SS
Twin-Screw °oss-?nT^r
PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
•Batavia June I2IPretoria July •
Pennsylvania. . .Jun* 2»l*Phoen!cia July 29
. "Sails to Hamburg direct,
rjambura- fl merlcao Una. 37 B"way. N- Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Pacific
Coast. 401 California street.
flAAanfi>C € Pti "Aw*". 8*"°*. »w
oceanic s. s.i o. s° »«;¦«•
SS. SONOMA (via Honolulu) for Samoa,
New Zealand and Australia
Thursday. June 20, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. June 26. 10 a. m.
S3. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Saturday June 23. 3 p. m.
J. D.SPRECXELS k BROS. CO , Gsnsral Agents, 327 Hartet St
Gen'l Passenger Otfics, 643 Market St. Piar Io. 7. Pacific St
ROOMS TO LETy— Furn. ami Unfnrn.
METROPOLiSr~6~Turk. ,cor. M^rket^Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; EOc to $3 per day.-. •
MINNA, 320— Sunny, double room with 2 beds,
and aiso single. ;. i, .'¦ ¦;¦ ,
MINNA.' G6.7. corner" Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; ¦ $1 per week; transient.,
MISSION. 2512-Sunny furnished room with use
of bath. • . = ' ' ¦ ». - :
NICE furnished, sunny, room for -rent. Apply
at 1412 Mission st. ¦ ' * —
O'FARRELL. 20-rSunny furnished room3 and
offices; elevator:^ elec. lights: day, week, mo.
ROSED ALE ' House. 319-321 Ellis * St.— Rooms..
night, 25c. to $1: week, tl 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis-Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' pa r -
1 or; rooms, per night. SSc to $1 60; week. $2 to
$8: month. $8 to $30 ; t elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot,and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. '
STOCKTON, 332— The Ottlngton— Few choice
suites and several small rooms; cheap.
TWENTY-FIRST, • 2960, near Folsom— Two
. sunny front rooms, newly furnished; terms
reasonable. ¦ "
THE Crocker, '915 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite: beautiful grounds.
WEBSTER, 1542, bet/ Post and Geary— Cheap
elegant front room, suitable for office. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '^
ROOMS AN1J HOARD. •
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
¦ service; ppoular rates. 807 California . st. .
THE Roanoke. 808 Bush — New house; newly
- furnished: suites with bath; perfect illumina-
tion; private dining apartment; elevator ser-
vice: cars to all parts of city within stone's
throw of door. . ' ¦
A MOST desirable suite of sunny corner fur-
nished rooms, with board,* ror two ladles or
two -gentlemen or married couple: no . chil-
dren: references. 743 Castro, near Twentieth.
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sun-
ny suites or single rooms; private baths; ex-'
cellent table and service.
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nlshed sunny rooms.' en suite and single,
witl) board.. .. '
ALMORA Hotel. Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
gantly furnished suites or slngle.-with board.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly turn.;
.excellent table:, special rates to tourists. *"
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suites, 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting: board optional.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
j Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
-- United States or Canada one year for $1,
¦ postage paid. • ¦
• ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
WANTED^-In Alameda, room and- board for
lady and 2 children; state price. Box 3632,
Call office. ¦ . ¦
ROOMS "WANTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished room and a kitchen;
state price. Address Box 3621, Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES-^Chichester English Pennyroyal _ Pills
are the best: safe, reliable: take no other;
tend 4c stamps for particulars. '"Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall: at drug-
. gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadel., Pa.
NOTICE — Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January. 1900:
Elsie Harris, age 6 years; Mary KeviK. age
¦' 8 years. -
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
crty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
I CO..- 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19; tel. 5580.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.;
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold,, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: open even.: phone Blacll 1124. 205 4th.
"STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
p7E^C^E^R^D^LPH^ito7a^e^nT15o^mT^o!T
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 281. ¦
• TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN^T^EV?RlfERS^W«
¦ sell "better. machines for less money than 1 any
• house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work in sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montermry: tel. Black 4SS5.
. LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the ' Superior Court in and for the City
and County of San Francisco, State of Cal-
ifornia. In the matter of the estate of
EUGENE TANIERE, deceased:
ETIENNE TANIERE. executor of the last
will and testament of EUGENE TANIERE,
deceased, having this day presented and filed
herein his duly verified petition praying for
an order authorizing him as such executor to
borrow money, and to execute a note, and to
mortgage the realty hereinafter described for
the . purpose of paying a Hen and mortgage
already subsisting on said realty, and to pay
debts and charges of administration and the
expenses of this proceeding:
And ¦ it appearing' to this court from such
verified petition that it Is necessary and
proper that such order lie made:
It is now ordered by this court that all
persons interested in the estate ' of EUGENE
TANIERE. deceased, appear before this court
on Monday, the - eighth day of July. A. D.
1901, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon of said
day, at the courtroom of Department No. 10
of said Superior Court, at the New City Hall,
in said. City and County of San • Francisco,
then and there to show cause why that cer-
tain lot. piece or parcel of land, situate, ly-
ing and being in the City and County of San
Francisco,. State of -California, ' particularly
bounded and described as follows to wit:
Commencing at the northwesterly corner of
Hyde, and McAllister streets, thence westerly
and along the northerly line of McAllister
street, seventy (70) feet, thence at .'right an-
gles northerly one hundred and fourteen (114)
feet and six (6) Inches, thence at' right angles
easterly seventy (70) feet to the westerly line
of Hyde street, thence at right anglra south-
erly along said line of Hyde street- one hun-
dred and fourteen (114) feet and six (6) Inches
• to the point of commencement, . being a por-
tion of that parcel of land known on the of-
ficial map of the City and County ¦ of San
Francisco as fifty (50) vara lot number 1338,
or 'some part thereof should .not' be mort-
gaged by said petitioner. • executor aforesaid,
for the sum of twenty-five thousand' ($25,000)
dollars, or such lesser amount as to the court
shall seem meet, and reference is hereby made
to said i petition now, on file herein for full
particulars. t ' ' ' ' - •'' .
It is • further, ordered that a copy of this
order be published at least once a week for
four successive . weeks in the Sari i Francisco
Call, a newspaper of general circulation, print-
ed and published In the City .-and County of
San Francisco. • Done In open court this 5th
day of June, A. D. 1901. - .
F. H. DUNNE, Judge.
' • DIVIDEND NOTICES. " '
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 92 (20 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company.' "327 Market St., on-and after
Thursday, /June. 20, 1901. - Transfer -books'
will close on Thursday, June 13, 1901. at 3
o'clock p. f m. E. -H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend .No. -22 (twenty-
. five cents per, share) " of the KHauea Sugar
Plantation Company, will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on and'
after SATURDAY, June 15th. 1901. Transfer
books closed Monday, June 10. 190L . at S
•o'clock -p. m. . E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
PROPOSALS. . ~
PROPOSALS.— State Prison supplies.— Sealed
proposals will be received at the office of the
clerk at the State PrlBon, Ban Quentln, until
10:30 a. m., Saturdav^ the 15th day of June,
1901, and .at the^ office of the clerk at the
¦ State . Prison at Folsom, until .9:30 ! a. m.
"Monday, the 17th, day of June. .1901, at which
' times and places they. will be opened In the
presence of bidders, for furnishing and deliv-
ering supplies for. said prisons, consisting of
; subsistence stores, forage,* fuel, fuel oil. fur-
nishing power to run the • Jute mill at San
- Quentln,. clothing, „ medicines, lime, cement
and other staple supplies, from July 1, 1901,
to June ¦ 30,- 1902, = inclusive, on conditions as
per printed schedules,; which will be furnished
' upon application at either of the above of-
flees. No bid will b* considered ; unless made
upon' said schedules, nor unless accompanied
by the certified check therein ; required, nor
from any other parties than bona fide dealers
'In the classes of articles- to be . furnished.
j Each bidder - must - accompany p his ¦ bid . with
a certified check upon some, well known and
;'; responsible banking house for at least -10. per
¦¦ cent'*6f~ the! amount of "his- bid.' payable.to
-¦; R. y M. •-" Fitzgerald, president of the •» board.-
• conditioned • that , the . bidder will = enter Into
-, a contract upon notice < of acceptance. : as re-
< • quired by law. | Bids for either . prison must
¦ be marked : separately. « All '; payments made
'¦¦ on* contracts will » be paid in cash » or ¦ Con-'
. troller's warrants. Bidders will carefully fol-'
low ¦ the ' conditions •¦ of the schedules. The
board reserves -the right to reject any or all
bids, as the public interest may. require,- and
to order any quantity over . or -¦ under ; : the
> - amount .-'¦peelfled.'* R. v M. ¦ FITZGERALD. •
' • president;. F. W. REYNOLDS. . acting clerk.
' OCEAN TBAVEIu
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TBANSATLANTIQUB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS _^.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 x a. m., from pier 42. -rvjriMi
North River, foot of Morton street, *L*Aqui-
taine, June 20: La Bretagne. June 27: La Cham-
pagne. July. 4; La GascoKne. "July 11. .
Flrat class to Havre. $35 and upward." Second
class. to Havre $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. I J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
¦ »Twin Screw Express Steamers.
Cabin. Steerage. % IO.
S. S. Argyll sails Saiday, June SO
S. S. Lee'anaw sails Monday, duly io
S. S. Argyll . *ail«« At Auft. 3
From Harrison-street 'Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast- Agent. -
PANAMA R. R.^ s f
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following , marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: .,-. /¦ . -, •; . • .' ......
'Ammi,L. Dennison,. 39. 1001 Pine street, and
Alice C. -Vincent, 29, 1519 Clay street.
William R. Ollom. 25, 1104 Filbert street,
and Elizabeth -H. Monroe,. 23.. 612 Francisco
street. ,* ¦ *
J. William Abrams, 24, Hanford, and Hele:i
L. Florin. 23, Santa Rosa.
¦ Charles E. Smith. 30. Martinez, and Harriet
J." Johnson. 26. Petaluma. •¦
James M. Moffett, 41. 223 Kearny street, and
Ellen L. McComiskey.^ 27, 419 Van Ness avenue.
August P. D. Ropers, 26, 623 Jessie street,
and "Julia .T.Crowley, 24, 17S4 Ellis street.
Patrick J. Howard, 35, city, and Catherine
Paine,\ 41, city. - _•
- John W. Kiley, 28," 1 Boston, Mass., and Lou
Umsted, 26, Chillicothe, Ohio. r
Herbert L. L. Lowry, 24, 311 Roanoke street,
and Ethel L. Nagle, 18, 1319% Natoma street.
Edwin M. Carson, 40, 3170 Sixteenth street,
and Olive H. Gruver. 36, : 3170 Sixteenth street.
Samuel R. Klnkade, 21. 831 Hayes street,
and Eva B. Boyd. IS. 222 Golden Gate avenue.
.EIRTgS-MRBIAGES-DEATl^
. Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either. of the publication, offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons^ authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
FAZACKERLEY— In this city, May 24," 1901, to
the wife of, Robert E. Fazackerley. a son.
THIEME— In this city. May 31. 1901. to the
wife of Arthur. M. Thieme, a son. . _ ,-
MARBIED. ,
HARVEY— KENNETT— In this city, June 12,
1901, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
John S. Harvey and Lillian Edith Kennett,
' both of San Francisco.
RENISH— SIMPSON— In this city, June 12,"
1901, at Simpson Memorial M. E. Church, by
, the Rev.. John Stephens, George W. Renish
and Jeanne Simpson, both of San Francisco.
SHARP— MULLER— In this city. June 6, 1901,
by the ReV. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. George
j John j Sharp of San Francisco and Minnie C.
Muller of. Oakland. ¦ .
DIED.
Byrne, Mamie A. Lewis, • Oscar'
Conroy, Mary Lynch, Edward M.
I Cummings, Helen ' G. MacDonald. Alex.
¦ Dorfler, Robert H. McClunie, Agnes
Doud. Aaron . McGuire. B. P.
Gowen. Charles Mead,' Julia A.
Hayne. James J. Mellin, Nellie
. " Hoean. Maurice ..O'Connor. Harry W.
Holbrook, Henry C. O'Keefe, Bessie
' Holllday, Ben C. Park, Samuel C.
Johnson, Caroline M. . Plummer. John A.
• Johnson, Emma L. Rice, Leroy E.
Johnson. Martin . -" , Rule, Mrs. T. M.
- Jones, Hazel ? Smith. John J.
Kiddie, David Stuart, Annie J.
Laden,, Mary " . Stephens, Ellas G.
Levy, .Rachel Thompson, Edward
BYRNE— In this city, June 10, 1901, Mamie A.,
beloved' sister of Rev. Joseph F., JVIichael J.
and Henry T. Byrne and Mrs. A* R. Pfaff,
a native of San Francisco. * .
!C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
-(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
.residence, 1065 Pacific .street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated tcr the repose of her 'soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. f Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. /
CONROY— In this city, June 11, 1901. Mary,
relict of the late Peter Conroy .of Virginia
City, Nev.. and sister of Bridget Manion and
the late Michael . Daly, a native of Ireland,
aged 69 years. .'.
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited . to . attend the funeral this day
, (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her niece, Mrs. F. Lawlor, 123%
Morris avenue, thence to St. Rose's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.-. .^ »"¦• ...
CUMMINGS— In Oakland, June 12. 1901, at 1273
Sixth avenue, Helen Glyds, daughter of Cap-
tain Jay and Charlotte R. Cummings, and
sister of Mrs. Maurice Stewart of Oakland,
Mrs. Blanche Satterwhite of Santa Barbara
and May and Lorin Cummings of Oakland, a
native ' of Indiana, aged 16 years. ¦
DORFLER— In Dagucan, P. I., May 11.' 1901.
Robert H., dearly beloved husband of Marie
C. Dorfler, father of Nellie, Ida, Flossie and
Gerty Dorfler and the late Mrs. Lizzie Ped-
ler, and brother of John and the late Henry
Dorfler, a native of Philadelphia, * aged 48
years 5 months and 7 days. - ¦ x
DOUD— In this city, June 10, 1901, Aaron, be-,
loved husband 'of Flora H. Doud, and father
of Mrs. H. B. Edwards and the late W. 'A.
Doud, a native of New York, aged 68 years
1 month and 15 days.
(P?"Friends an a acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
I (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
¦ Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Excelsior
- Lodge No. 166, F. and A. M. Interment Ma-
¦¦ sonic Cemetery. iPlease omit flowers.
GOWEN— In Oakland, June 11, 1901, at 1762
Goes street. Charles, husband of Louise
. Gowen, a native of Engrland, aged 54 years.
HAYNE— In this city, June 11. 1901. James J.,
beloved brother of Maggie C. and Joseph T.
: Hayne and Mrs. Mary J. Small, a native of
- New York, aged 42 years.' . ¦ (
!C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 732V4 Clementina street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where services will be
held at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
: Cemetery.:
HOGAN— In this city, June 11. 1901, Maurice
Hogan, beloved brother of Mrs. Mary Wha-
lan, Mrs. Johanna Powers and the late Ed-
ward Hostan,' and uncle of Mary and John
Whalan and Mrs. Mary Bates' and Josephine
and Maurice Powers, a native of County
Waterford, Ireland, .aged 66 years. (New
York papers please- copy.) .
in7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29
. Fifth street, thence to St.- Mary's Church,
California and Dupont ' street; where a re-
quiem hisrh mass will be : celebrated for the
repose of his soul, at 10 o'clock. Interment
. Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOLBROOK— In this city. June 12, 1901. Henry
C. Holbrook. 'beloved father of Harry H. and
: Mattie M. Holbrook and Mrs. B. R. Field, a
native ot Braintree, Mass., aged 59 years.
C^The funeral' will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 605 O'Farrell. street. . Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
HOLLIDAY— In Philadelphia, Jjine 9, 1901, in
the 26th year of his ase, Ben Calvert Holll-
day, son, of Mrs. William G. Irwjn of San
¦ Francisco. - '-.' '
JOHNSON— In this city, June 11. 1901. Caroline
• Moore Johnson, beloved mdther of Mrs. Anna
Bullard, ' Mrs. James , Byrne, Mrs. ) Carrie
¦ James. Mrs. Ida Newman and Henry E. and
Thomas C. Johnson, a native of Little Rock,
Ark., aged 75 years 8 months and 23 days,
(Stockton, Cal., and Little Rock, Ar*., pa-
pers please copy.) ,
- E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited- to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10. o'clock, from the parlors
¦ of A. W. Martin & Co.. 319 O'Farrell street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. ' . •
i JOHNSON— In this city, June 12, 1901. Emma
Louisa Johnson, dearly "beloved daughter of
Selma and the late John Johnson, and sister
of Selma Maria Johnson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 years 1 month and 15
days. - - •• ¦ .. « •
JOHNSON— In this city, June 11, 1901, Martin,
beloved husband of ' Annie - Johnson, and
father Of -May- and 'Nettle' Johnson, and
cousin of Mrs. L. Olaen, . a native of Nor-
way, aged 43 years. ' :
tcr Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
.(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 262 Shipley street. - j Interment Laurel
' Hill Cemetery. ' •
JONES— In this city, June 12, 1901, Hazel, be-
loved daughter of Mrs. D. H. Jones, and
' sister of Mrs.' Eva Winslow and J. R., Carl
' and <faoward Jones, a.' native of Oakland,
• aged 16 years 3 months and 8 days.' •
(C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
Porter & White, 122 Eddy, street. Interment
¦Cypress Lawn Cemetery. . . ' • .
KIDDIE— In' Oakland, - June .12, 1901, David
Kiddle, a native of . Scotland.
LADEN— In this city, June 10. 1901, Mary, be-
loved wife of the late Patrick Laden, ami
mother of Andrew A. Laden and William A.
' Driscoll, a native of Ireland, ased 70 years.
ry Friends and acquaintances are respect-"
fully Invited to- attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), .at 9 o'clock,', from the parlors
'. of the United t Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to. Bt. Mary's Cathedral, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the reoose of her soul, at 9:30 o'clock. In-
, terment Holv Cross Cemetery. "
LBVT- In this city, June 12, 1901. Rachel
Levy, beloved wife of Morris Levy, mother
" of Jacob, > Birdie,-. Louis and Philip Levy,
and sister- of Jette Helmann. Tlllie • Jacobs
and the late Lena Harris,, a native of Posen,
' Germany, ased 60 years. (Los : Angeles and
Sen Pedro papers please copy.) • - "
IPTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully lnvtled to- attend the funeral to-morrow
HENRY- J. GALLAGHER CO. ¦ v
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mjr. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
','.', ¦ Telephone South 80.
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
' 27 and 29 Fifth \ St. Tet - South : 167.
-IUHEBAL DIBECT0R3 ANO EMBALM3-U.
_:::h-I!Jg.ggLEqujpVqgi?t_at ; Moderate ' Rates. .
:: ;;; JAMBS^WcGINNr:--:';V-
Formerly , with » McGinn; Bros., has opened
new. Funeral Parlors at • 214 . Eddy : St.. bet
Taylor and Jones. '.-;• Telephone South 576.:,'/:,-
. From New York Every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Southward .....June 19*Zeeland ........July 10
•Vaderland June 28 Friealand July 17
Kensington .....July 3Pennland ........July 24
*Stop at Cherbourg.' eastbound.
• ' INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
: RED STAR LINE. .
New York and;Antwerp.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.'
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul...; June 19 St. Louis July 17
St. Louis. .......June 26 St." Paul August 7
St. Paul ....July 10 St. Louis August 14
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YOSK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PAKI!
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping: at Mexican/ Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard-street wharf No. 3. 12 m.
PALENA June- 71 TCCAPEL...:.. June 21
COLOMBIA.... June 121 AREQUIPA. ....July —
These steamers are , built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acaputco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. 318 California street.
- BALFOTTR.GTJTHRIE A CO.. Gen. Agents.
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:43 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., - 12:30 noon. S p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare Si
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and of -
flee, pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. ¦ BATCH BHO4.
FOR U, S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJD.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
BAY AND RIVER STEAMER3.
.Round trip tickets at reduced . rates. - For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. ¦ • :••
: , W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
STEAMEBS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe ¦¦ (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at* Hongkong with steamers for
India, s etc. * No - cargo received on board on
day of -sailing. >i **¦¦-.' ¦- ¦ ¦¦'.'...
SS. HONGKONG MARU.Saturday. June 22, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU.. .-Wednesday. Ju'.y 17. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Saturday, Aug. 10. 1901
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.PAID TO LABOR
FOR CHARITIES
Steveler, Kendall, Sommers and Benson
: all declared they bought the Government
stuff from Abrams. Franklin said he for
got where he got the shirts that ¦ were in
¦ his store. Upon this information Abrams
. and his son George were arrested, and his
j son Ike is wanted by. the police. They
' were all in. business together. -¦ ¦ •
To prevent the illicit traffic here is al
; most impossible, ifor s most of it is done
with the recruits«"wTu>- come from all over
the Union, remain ilfor a. few days, draw
a new outfit of tropical clothes and set
sail for Manila. ,Xt often happens that
they have clothes that have been worn
, but a few days and these they get rid of
2,9
P Information has been received in this
city ..that Ben Calvert Holliday, the only
son of Mrs. .W. G. Irwin, and once a
prominent member' of local society, Is
dead in. Philadelphia., Death resulted from
illness- from which the young, man had
suffered for the past few years. Recently
a sea voyage to Honolulu was undertaken
for his health, but the change of climate
produced no Improvement. -, r . - .
- On his return to this country he was
taken to Philadelphia and placed in Dr.
Weir'- Mitchell's . Hospital, where every
thing possible was done for him, but -with
out'avail. Although his friends here knew
he was ill, the news of his death came as
s, £rrc3.t shoclc 1 ¦¦ ¦ s * ' ». ¦'•..'
Mr." Holliday was. a native of this city,
and was 26 years of age. He was a gradu
ate of Belmont School, San Mateo County.
Subsequent to his graduation he went on
an e.. tended tour through the. Hawaiian
and South* Sea Islands.- On his return he
held' a position in the Nevada Bank, but
was forced to resign because of ill health.
in the Quaker City.
Mrs. W. &. \Irwin, Passes Away
YOUNG CALIFORNIA!*"
DIES .IN PHILADELPHIA
Ben Calvert Hollidky, Only Son. of
Verus cures piles, • or $50 reward. : For
sale by all druggists. . \ : ¦ *
The above correction is published as
news and not at the expense of the board
of directors of "the University Mound Old
Ladies' Home.
Without questioning the sincerity of the
members of the board of directors of the
University Mound Old Ladies' Home and
with keen appreciation of the worthi
ness of this charity. The Call still finds its
duty to be the publication of facts that
have come to its knoweldge which have
most vitalbearing upon the welfare of all
organized charities, of this city and its
suburbs! The "correction" Involving un
qualified indorsement of Mrs. K. C. Greg
ory, compels this paper in Justification of
its course to publish in 'further detail In
formation "in its possession as to her
methods of serving sweet charity.
Business men of San Francisco and
those charitable women who contribute
freely to the success of all efforts to raise
money for worthy charities do so with a
whole-souled liberality worthy of generous
California. In the past they have been
able to do so with a reasonable assurance
that of every dollar contributed a hundred
cents would go to relieve the suffering or
Increase the happiness of the unfortunates
who were the beneficiaries of the charity.
These people will not care to see trans
planted to this^commu-nity the pernicious
system known as "listing the town," by
which a portion, even the major part, of
money contributed may' be diverted to
the pocket of some enterprising individual,
who, without personal interest in the
charity, Is willing tc. undertake ' the un
pleasant task of management of fair or
benefit entertainment for the sake of the
profit to be made out of it. >
The Call is preoared - to prove that the
seven young women who have been selling
f:kets under the direction of Mrs. Greg
ory for the entertainment referred to in
the above "correction" are not volunteers,
but were employed by Mrs. Gregory on a
weekly wage and percentage of receipts
for all above a stipulated amount. .
An advertisement • was ! inserted in the
papers, Mrs. Gregory having left the
Grand Hotel and registered at the Cali
forir.a Hotel, under the name of "Miss C.
C. Graham" for that purpose. The adver
tisements appeared Sunday -morning, and
a score or more of young women applied
In response to them. The proprietors of
the California Hotel became suspicious of
their guest when so many young women
began to. swarm Into the corridors, and
"Miss Graham" was requested to leave.
Needless to say she complied with the re
quest.
It is to be regretted that the directors
of the University Mound Old Ladles'
Home enlisted the services of a woman
who found It desirable to register under
an assumed name for purposes which
aroused suspicion, and caused her expul
sion from - a : hotel. .The home is . worthy
of aid and needs aid, and its future should
not be imperiled by. the employment ! of
such methods.
The advertisement appeared in the Call
of Sunday morning aa follows: •
For Thursday morning:, . June 13, 1901.
A CORRECTION..
TheJ board of directors' of the Uni- .
verslty Mound. Old Ladies' Home de
sire to make 'a correction in the state
ment . published yesterday morninj? in
reference to their benefit entertainment •
to. be eiven at Native Sons" Hall on
June 28. ...
No advertisement for young ladies to
assist in the work of selling tickets for
this work was Inserted from th.e Cali
fornia Hotel or elsewhere. ' The four
young ladies, (not nine) who are helping
to raise this fund axe well and favor- •
ably known in San Francisco. They
volunteered their services and feel that
an injustice has been done them.
The members of the board, knowing
that Mrs. Gregory had the ability to
carry to a successful issue the affair
now under way, enlisted her , services, i
but it seems that a mistaken impres
sion was gathered from the interview
with one of the officers of the board as\
to the exact nature of her connection,
with ' it. Mrs. Gregory cam*" to San
Francisco three years ago and has been
interested in charitable work at Inter
vals ever since.
. By i order of- ttie board of directors
University Mound Old Ladles' Home.
MRS. R. McELROY. President. »
MRS. A. G. GARRATT. Treasurer. "
p/S.— The above Is final and we can-
not crant any interviews on the sub-. .
ject. In case you do not consider it in
the light of a hews item, give it space »
in a place equally as prominent aa that
occupied by the original notice, at our
expense. . MRS." R. M.
."So far as crookedness existing among
army officers is concerned, candidly 'I
don't believe there is, any." . • • '
The two Abrams, whose arrest has
caused all. the excitement, have been
turned over, to the Federal authorities,
and to-morrow they will be examined
before the Federal Grand Jury. Other ar
rests may. follow, but there will be found
nothing more than a multiplication of
the petty thieving that goes on wherever
troops are located.
The military investigation Is in the
hands of Lieutenant Colonel Marlon P.
Maus, inspector i general on the staff of
General Shatter. ,'
"The military authorities have now
nothing. to do with the- affair, other than
the seizure of Government goods found
in the possession of civilians, the posses
sion of which cannot be satisfactorily ac
counted for. The detection and. prosecu
tion of these dealers rests with the civil
and Federal authorities, and I hope they
make a success of it. " • '..¦¦'->
"In my opinion the police and Federal
authorities are. exposing a system of pet
ty-thieving. Owing to the large number
of men these petty dealers have had op
portunity to deal with their thievery has
grown to larger proportions than.it other
wise would have.
"Notwithstanding the fact_that those
having Government ' property wrongfully
in their possession can be prosecuted on
a charge of felony, and given a sentence
of fro.m' one to five years* confinement,
there, are. plenty of men .willing to take
the chance. The goods are first-class and
can be purchased ' from the soldiers at a
ridiculously low figure. I
"The soldier cannot be prevented from
selling the stuff. . In disposing of 'it. he
leaves himself short.. The officer who is
sues to the men inquires as to the quan
tity of goods ho . has in his possession.
If the officer thinks he is amply supplied
he refuses to issue the goods the soldier
asks for. In this manner the enlisted
man is prevented from drawing more
than he needs. ' ¦. ¦ '-
stores "will be unearthed X>y the investiga
tion now belng'made by .¦the'Federal aUr
thorities. There is a strictly enforced rule
providing for the taking of stock at the
end of each month by officers held re
sponsible for stores under their, charge.
2 "I do know, " however, what a soldier
will do for a little ready money, and'I am
of the opinion that the goods found by the
police are purchased' from the soldiers
passing In and out of this post. More
than 60,000 men have passed through this
post during the war. If one man in every
ten of these soldiers sold to dealers a pair
of shoes; 600 pairs would thus be piaced
in the hands of outsiders. The same rule
applies to shirts and blankets. '
TWO MEN WHOSE ARREST HAS BEEN CAUSED , BY SCANDAL OVER
- TRAFFIC IN ARMY. SUPPLIES. AND TWO OF THE OFFICERS
CALLED UPON TO INVESTIGATE. ' . '
WANTED— Two bright, well dressed ladies:
suitable and remunerative employment. Call
11 to 12 to-day, room 731 California Hotel.
The following advertisement, wlth : a
mistake in the number of the room,
which should have been 731, appeared Jn
the Examiner of the same morning: .
BRIGHT, well dressed lady as comnanion , to
lady; good 'salary; no arduous duties. Call
room 701, California Hotel, 11 to 12 to-day.
shoes in boxes, nine pairs of tan shoes
and seventeen pairs of army shoes. . At
the store of E. Kendall, 635 Mission street,
he found thirty-four pairs of army shoes.
In a trunk at tlte store of J. Franklin, 791
Mission- street, he found thirty-six blue
army shirts. In the store of W. Sommers.
335 Pacific street, he found five- pairs of
tan shoes. In the store of W. H. Benson,
749 Mission street, he found thirty pairs
of armv\ shoes. At a store at 624 Sacra
mento" street he found twelve pairs of; tan
shoes and In a store at 621 Sacra
mento street he found four pairs of tan
shoes and four pairs of calf shoes. This
was all that the detective could find in the
market. .
THE arrest of Lipman Abrams and
his son. George Abrams. of 1403
Powell street, Tuesday night,
marks the ' beginning Of an at
tempt on the part of the military
authorities to make the man who buys
Government "clothing from the soldier as
culpable as the soldier who sells, ahd in
that way reduce the traffic in quarter
master's stores that is going . on contin
ually. . . --
The arrest of the two men Is not the be
ginning of a great scandal, nor will gi
carrtic frauds be unearthed, nor will there
be any one beyondfa few private soldiers
and obscure merchants involved in the
trouble. The quartermaster's stores on
the . market have been secured from sol
diers who sold them in violation of the
articles of war, and it is a traffic that is
going on always at every military
poet In the - country. In the last few
months 60.000 soldiers have passed through
this port and the selling of goods by even
a very small percentage of that number
would «tock the market with as much
Government stuff as has ever been found
'a soldier who sells Jiis clothing is se
verely dealt with, but the military author
ities have decided to make the buyer suf
fer as much, and so the aid of the police
was called in to run down persons carry
ing on this illegal traffic and to locate all
the stolen goods possible. Detective Har-
ry Reynolds was given the task and he
has been searching for Government stuff
for several days.
At the store of Jacob Steveler. 502 Pa
riflc. he found eleven pairs of blankets,
five pairs of leggings, one blouse, ten blue
flannel shirts, fourteen pairs of army calf
. Tubs and : siwinimlng. ¦<¦ Best tonic for nervous
and bodily/ exhaustion. ) Bay 'at.,' -'near PowelL •
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
- ; The ' minstrel performance : given by the
Retail Shoe ClerksV Union at Native Sons'
Hall last night' attracted :; " an immense
crowd. ' The show -.was - rather long, but
the performers were all so clever, that the
length of: the show was not noticed.
Betail Shoe Clerks Give Show.
• Another, large i shipment of | our superior
gold-plated clocks , Just ¦; received. AH are
thoroughly guaranteed "for movement and
finish. Make -elegant presents. W« . are
glad'to show, them and to give you prises.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street *
They ? Keep Coining.
¦ 'Robert :Dunlap,. 17. years of age, and re
siding "at- 3525 Van Ness- avenue, was
knocked from a bicycle 'at Second and
Mission streets last night and received in
juries that will probably, prove fatal. The
accident was due : to a collision wfth ; a
truck. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital and treated for concussion of
the 1 brain and, a probable fracture of : the
skull.* . ! ¦¦] : t • ,
Boy • Bicyclist Injured.
The Santa Fe: is now carrying passen
gers via I new stage I line • from j Merced.
Starting Mondays and Thursdays,- 9 a. m.,
on •California^limited, -other days 7:20
a. m. train, and you are at the Sentinel Ho
tel next : afternoon. . passing Merced Big
Trees. • Buena . Vista, , . the Cascades 7 and
BrldaL Veil - Falls en route. :
Ask about it at. 641 Market street ¦."••.
Yosemite Valley via Santa Fe.
Each of/ Mrs. Gregory's solicitors was
furnished an elaborate letter of .introduc
tion 1 to the public in t general, signed by ;
the president and treasurer of thft - Uni
versity Mound Old Ladies' Home, though
Mrs. Gregory, alias "Miss Graham," em
ployed the girls. • ¦..-¦,. _
Mrs. Gregory has full charge of the
proposed entertainment. In strict accord
ance with the- "listing the town" plan of
grafting, she has the use of the name of
' this ' deserving charity/ and in return
agrees to turn over to Its \ treasurer a
stipulated sum. - All receipts in excess of
this amount will be her reward for the
responsibility of. promotion, or manage
ment, or grafting— whichever term it may
please the roa^or tn apnly. •-
These notices brought twenty or more
young, women applicants, and before
"Miss Graham" was sent from the hotel
she had engaged some of the number.
Their, work was, to be the sale of tickets
to the benefit entertainment.
General Shatter,' during the course of an
interview last- night -at Fort Mason, said:
- •'! do not beliiye * that - any . shortage in
General Shaffer's Statement.
In Havana during the war the ration of
flour to each .man was one pound and a.
quarter. ¦ The ration ' of bread . was . tl»c
same. Any .baker knows that a pound of
flour will make more than a pound of
bread, and the bakers of Havana wanted
flour and the soldiers 'did not ¦ want 1 the
trouble of. cooking bread. / It was so ar
ranged that the men drew their flour and
gave it to the bakers and the bakers fur
nished them with bread,, pound for.pound
and made the difference out of. the saving
In flour: The . market of Havana - was
flooded with Government flour and every
one knew it, a*d the traffic* was stopped
only because supplies • came' in • In - such;
quantities that there, was not storage
room for them all and petty thieving was
rife. The only way it could be stopped
•was . to keep Government supplies abso
lutely out of the market and then the man
who carried any found, trouble. .,.- J
' It is not necessary to' cancel the marks
on the cases of goods traded off by the
messes, but it isnecessary that any such
trading be done under the eye of an offi
cer, .who must certify to the transaction.
- In the navy the same | system of com
muting.'rations is going on all the time,'
but with* this difference: the navy ration
is commuted in nioney, .while that' of the
army-is in supplies. *' ' ¦.. •
Flour in Havana.
The presence of 'commissary stores in
small' quantities is . easily > accounted for
and there are none in large quantities. It
is well understood -by; the commissary de
partment that 'the, men- can help out the
variety allowed In. the Government ration
by trading It. for things the Government
does riot provide. ., The army: ration/in
cludes beans, but not spinach. If the men
want spinach instead of beans they are
allowed- to- -trade '¦ their- ;.ratlon: of beans
to any one who will furnish them with
spinach In exchange. , It- may not be a
profitable deal, but the -men get a phauge
in their diet; and if they are satisfied the
Government is satisfied. If. the men have
become tired of canned tomatoes, which la
part of the Government ration, they may
draw all the tomatoes coming to them
and exchange. them for fruit or butter or
eggs or any one of a dozen other things
that they like better than "Government
straight."' •-¦¦.-,
to any one who will buy them. They can
not use them* In. the tropics and they are
willing to let them go at any price. In
addition /men have been, known to sell
the blankets from their beds and sleep in
the cold until they had to be sent to tlis
hospital, and a pair of shoes is easily
drawn and easily, sold. .The penalty may
be confinement in the military prison, but
the men risk it' under the persuasion of
those who make 'a. '.business of living off
the troops. Had- one .-man -In ten of. all
those who have gone to. Manila' and come
from there in the last four months sold
a single pair of shoes there would be G6v
ernment shoes in- every store 'in the city
and they could well be said to -be in the
market.- ¦ •• i : .. * , .
THE SAST FBA^CIS^
Army Officers Determined to Make Both Parties to the illicit Traffic in
Quartermaster s Supplies Suffer for Their |^^^^|]li^^^^^^^
That Any Serious Scandal Will Result From the Many Betty^ Peculations
AFTER THOSE THAT BUY GOVERNMENT STORES
AS WELL AS THOSE THAT TRY TO SELL THEM
Vicissitudes of Introduction
of a New Scheme «of
Grafting. ¦'
Woman'- Manager Is In
' vited to Leave Cali
fornia Hotel.
14
Sale
We lately made a fortunate purchase of
Jr^gSgqi»l» bright, beautiful foliage. There were 150 dozen
c^^^-^2RO\V<k big, generous bunches, consisting of
•; " £!* . V; >a Rosi Leaves with. tiny ro«e buds.
.,' Violet Foliage. Berry Foliage.
They are what "you're all askinj? for — and will- be for weeks to come. In
the lot are some swell autumn tints.. They just came in time for you who
want to freshen up your summer hat." If you care to wait a minute we will
pose it free of charge.
• . We make five lots, thus: .' \ ->
ioc A BUNGH— WORTH 23c. ' ioc'A BUNCH— WORTH 50c.
14c A BUNCH— WORTH isc. 25c A BUNCH— WORTH 6^c.
STRAW BRAIDS ARE NOW AT HALF PRICB-And we can 'give you almost
any color you want— lc, 3c, 10c and 15c a yard, or we can furnish you with
Silk Wire Frames at 5c.
They are this season's best shapes— black or white.
* . . . JBL- y/ftteritiQ Po£& >Qr
of heavy salvcinizect irpi\&^7
Vvll -^ilL&w ¦ - " '
1 They will not rust. They are made to last.
• V 1 Values like ¦ these- are bringinjs: our downstairs
. \ » 1 store to the front fast- 29c for 4 qt size, .39c for
•¦¦ 6 qt. size. ' ...
">- .; To day's Notes from Art Department.
;5carfs and Squares Chiefly.
First— Have you attended any of Mr. McCuin's free embroidery le«-
sonsP , 10 t6 12 or 2 to 4 every day. It's a pleasure you miss. "
Then — Have you seen the 50c Gibson pillow tops we are selling at
39c? They are the genuine pieces,. too— six designs to choose from.
We want to make our embroidery section so invitinj? and interesting
you'll visit it frequently. We're supplied with what you want.
But the particular news — "'
55c Scarfs and Squares 35c.
275 pieces— all pretty ooenwork designs— the scarfs are 18x54 inches— squares ***??,
— all handsomely finished.
$1.25 and $1.35 Pieces for 75c.
The very highest grade of Spachtel ¦ goods— scarf s and squares in large variety of
openwork designs. I
Sheets & Pillow Cases
Some stirring offersr~
Persistence, energy and hard work have won for Hale's an enviable
fame. "THE MUSLIN KING OF CALIFORNIA." The housewife now
buys her sheets and pillow cases Here with the assurance that she is getting
as much for her money as she can. Where so much trade centers odds and
ends accumulate fast. To-day we put closing-out prices on what we have:
Sheets— Pillow Cases—
Ain onnh ">4x90 14c each 42x38
Ha t^ ""'* c£qo l«c each 50x3«
48c each 63x90 lgc 54,35
55c ea1n::::::::::::;::::::::::::7SS Wamsutta cases I7^c
69c each.. 81x90 45x36 Inches. Well made.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHORTHAND ACADEMY,
302 Montgomery . st., San Francisco, Cal.
Lessons personally or by mail. Acknowledged by
official reporters, "best teachers, best system."
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S
Mil LS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY,
CONFERS' DEGREES A>TD GRANTS Di-
plomas; seminary coursa accredited to ths
Universities: rare opportunities offered 'In mu-
sic,, art and elocution: thirty-sixth year: fall
term opens Aug. 7. 1301. Write for catalogue
to MRS. C. T. MILLS. Pres.. Mills Collex*
P. O.. Cal. • • - • • ¦ •- -
39 STOCKTON ST., near TTarket.
. . ¦ . TELEPHONE MAIN 5322.
Leading Business College of the ! "West.
24 Post st, San Francisco. CaL
Established nearly 40 yeara.
Write for 80- page catalogue (free).
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
• CATATOOUE FREE.
BUTTER.. 2 squares. ...... 55c
x Choice Creamery.
HAMS,,ib:.:v.;.;:..:.'..;..i3ic
Best Eastern . Hams. , . • ¦ .
: Regularly 15c. • »
BARATARU SHRIPS.iarge can: . . 20c
F*or Salads and Mayonnaise. ¦ ,
' Ready for use. . * ' '•' <~
Regularly 25c.
SEA SALT, Foyal, 3 pkgs. ....... 25c
Take your Sea Bath at home. ¦ .
Regularly 10c a pkgr.
PADST CRACKERS, Dig. ....... 15c
- The best Oyster Crackers
on earth. ¦ . ¦ - . ¦
IDEAL MUSH, I pkgs, ...:...... 25c
- Made from the choicest
"White Wheat. Cooks quickly.
Regularly 3 . for 25c. . ?
COCKTAILS.. M%?M *£%• 8 -
Whisky. Manhattan, . .
' Martini, Gin and Vermouth.
These are finest cocktails made.
Regularly 23c, '50c and. $100. . •
COMB HONEY, each... lgc
New Water White Coral Honey.
Regularly 20c.
CIGARS— Cut-Rate Prices. :
See show window."
THERE IS GREAT SATISFACTION IN
KNOWING THAT WHAT YOU OR-
DER IS SURE TO BE OF THE BEST.
WE SEND YOU -NO OTHER KIND.
SPECIAL SALE!
THURSDAY— FRID«Y— SATURDAY
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAX MATEO. CAL. The next term will begin
August 15, 1901. For catalogue and Illustrated
circular address Rev. WILLIAM A. BREWER,
A. B., Rector and Head Master.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
' . A THOROUGH SCHOOL.
Progressive, exceedingly thorough, finely
equipped departments: positions for graduate*.
305 Larkln st. Illustrated catalogue.
.... R. I* .DURHAM. President.
SAN RAFAEL. CAXk ' "
Military r>rUl. Christmas Term Bestas
August Hth.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK, PrlnclpaL
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL FOR
YOUNG MEN AND BOYS,
Bet. Taylor and Jones.
1212-i2^Mi&kEr ST.,
CHIL DREN'S SHAKER | m
BONNETS, in white or col- IbA
ored; regular price 25c; to-day . ' I I | a
only. ..; .........; IVU
;!';t WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK. ,. S .
WEIGHT LONG SLEEVES B k A
VESTS, all sizes: regular 1. 1 1.
price 25c; to-day ...'..-.:.........• 1WW
WOMEN'S BEST CAMBRIC NIGHT
GOWNS/ with large sailor f| ft -
collar, trimmed with -wide em- NUn
broidery, and insertion: ragu- J1 fl I.
lar value. $1.50; oh sale..'. .<VWW
CHILDREN'S PIQUE - CAPES, trim-
med" with three ruffles i of wide em-
broidery.' lined with white A f\ f% /%
fleeced flannel; elsewhere w" c f II II
$3.50; our price to-day...:.,]^ '/¦ II II
WO ME N'S '-" C R ASH r g\
a N DERSKIRTS, accordion* K||f|
pleated; have been sold at Illl.
$1.00; our price, to-day.....:... WVU
all sizes; worth 35c; to-day... ¦ I |J
WOMEN'S MEDIUM' *'**
WEIGHT 'LONG SLEEVES I k
VESTS, ¦ all i sizes; regular I !|
WOME N'S SAILOR BLOUSE
WAISTS, made of best /colored lawns,
trimmed, with reverecol- A'j f\fa
lar of white pique; in .tan, V I III
pink or blue; $2.00 quality; A I i II
to-day WliLv
WOMAN'S PIQUE Aj | jp
OVERSKIRTS. extra full %Ti It
flare;, usual. price $1.75;'to- ¦n| 1 | J
i We have' about » 14 • dozen Mf% ¦
BOYS' PERCALE WAISTS, | U A
ill sizes; worth 25c; to-day... . |Qlj
WOMEN'S -COVERT AA
CLOTH OVERSKIRTS, full 11 U ft
rippltd flounce, all colors; nil I.
good $1.50 value; to-day... UUU
OURTHURSDAY
SPECIALS.
9 of Them.
P.RO8COE lIcXUliTY.'ai.D.V
SO}; Kcarny St^, San FrannUca. Csf-
DPwMCNULTY.
ri^HI3WtolX-K>'0W^ AND RKLr ABLE OLD
.1 8p«»dalist cures Blood Poison, OonorrhCBH.Gleet,
Stricter^, SfnilnalWeRk ness. Impotfticp and tfaalr
allied Di-orders. Hook on Diseases of Men. fre*.
Overt»ye»rs'-xper*eiice.T«*rnw reaionable. Honrs.
9to3daily;6:30to3.30eT'CT. Snndayi. 10 to li Coa^nl-
tation freeand sacredly confidential. Call oc addres*
lIlBillili
IBgBF?A crowns- are laid. • The grace and I -
¦^T ' J> queenly carriage of the American I
beauty can be •• gained; only by B
£$\. wearing beautiful shoes like ours, 1
j^H^||S|m which adapt themselves to the i
• I nHaj^yj J foot so as to permit perfect ease H
\ \JraBLJ I °^ movernent --' -Our' $3.50 foot- 1
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc.
'¦" - E " T 1 11. * y '1' ' *' '— -'-^V-— * - E
I i_J Jr\ JT\ KJ 1 1 MM
' , . We manufacture the finest bars and ntting3 on the coast. Wj*M
'. Oak, Mahogany, or. Curly Redwobd with beveled Mirrors all
1 . fitted throughout with nickel trimmings. Their superiority is
1- .- guaranteed, and we -quote the very lowest market prices. Can
, suit any taste.. Our designs are unique and up-to-date. Call
and see them. .'¦/¦ 'r/'-aV >¦
THE JiNOONA N FURNITURE CO.,/»c,
I ¦.--•.. . . 1CI7-1023 iMIssion Street, above Sixth, San Francisco.
-Close every night." except Saturdays and the day preceding. holidays, at « o'clock sharp.
Balh A J aJI a Y mil
i.11 is EH ¦ ma ibr!
I "MTVR00M" I
m ¦:.-¦-- de.ntal parlors, ¦
I^OOj MARKET; ? Cor.6th. |
Sale's.
Hale's.