VOLUME XC-NO. 175.
CHINESE EXCLUSION CONVENTION OPENS
FIGHT IN DEFENSE OF AMERICAN LABOR
PRESIDENT WILL URGE RE-ENACTMENT OF EXCLUSION LAW.
D. C, Nov. 21, 1901. — Hon. James D. Phelan, San Francisco, Cal.; I have seen the President. I have the best authority for saying that he will not only recom
mend in his message the re-enactment of the Geary law, but will go further and urge that it be made stronger. J, c. NEEDHAM.
CHINESE QUESTION ONE OF" RACE
TyTy E are the warders of the Golden Gate; we must stand
y y here forever in the pathway of the Orient, and if there
is any danger or trial it is for us to sound the alarm.
I regard the Chinese question as a race question. I regard
it as an international question; and above and over all, a
question involving the preservation of our civilisation. The State
of California, with its sezrn hundred miles of seaboard facing
the Orient, is entitled to speak on this question for tlie people of
the United States. — Excerpt from Mayor James D. Phelan' s ad
dress at the Chinese Exclusion Convention.
Leading Citizens Gather to Urge
Re-enactment of the
Geary Law.
IT was a distinctly representative
gathering of business, professional
and laboring men that packed Metro
politan Temple yesterday afternoon
when Mayor Phelan called the Chi
nese Exclusion Convention to order.
Xearly every seat in the large auditorium
•was taken, the lower floor being devoted
to the use of the delegates from all parts
of California, while the gallery was given
up to the general public. All present
seemed to be animated by one impulse,
that of doing their utmost to secure the
re-enactment of the Chinese exclusion act
and thereby prevent the threatened In
vasion of Mongol horclee to the peril and
degradation of American labor.
The gathering was of that character
which lends weight to any public move
ment and the conclusions of which are ac
corded respectful consideration In legisla
tive halls. The convention was not the
outgrowth of political or partisan senti
ment, but of the fear of the people of the
State that the danger which menaces
their advancement and prosperity might,
unless strong measures were taken, be
actually realized. In order that the peo
ple of the East might understand how
the communities on the "Western confines
of the continent feel concerning the un
restricted immigration of Chinese into
their midst, the convention was decided
upon, and it is needless to say that the
memorial which is to be adopted to-day
will prove to be an unanswerable argu
ment to those of the East, who, without
the slightest knowledge of the blight-
Borne characteristics of the Chinese, have
df-clared open sympathy for the coolie
hordes which are only awaiting the ex
piration of the exclusion act in May next
SENATOR PERKINS WOULD CO FURTHER.
/T is our people who pay the taxes that have built up our splendid institutions, and we should
draw the line furtJter, only this is not the time nor occasion. I would permit no one to come into
this country unless he felt as he approaches these shores as Moses did when he approached the
burning bush — that he stood upon sacred ground; and the voice coming out of that bush from the
American people is "Unless you love freedom, unless you believe in republican institutions, unless you
believe in the free public schools, you cannot come into this country." — Excerpt from Senator Perkins'
address before the Chinese Exclusion Convention.
The San Francisco Call.
In order that they may without molesta
tion invade the United States.
Convention Begins Crusade.
Of the 3000 accredited delegates fr*m all
parts of California fully 2500 were present
at 2:15 o'clock when Mayor Phelan rapped
for order. The hall presented a scene of
animation, which the hearty enthusiasm
of the delegates as well as spectators
served to heighten. The hall was deco
rated with the national colors, while over
the platform was suspended a large sign
bearing the words, "Chinese Exclusion
Convention. For Country, Home and
Civilization." Pinned to the lapels of the
coats of the delegates were badges of
white silk suitably inscribed. Side by side
with the farmer sat representatives of
State, national and county governments,
all animated by the one great desire to
protect American labor against the Orien
tal competition which must inevitably fol
low the refusal of Congress to re-enact
the Chinese exclusion law. On the stage
were Mayor Phelan, Mayor N. P. Snyder
of Los Angeles, Senator George C. Per
kins, Lieutenant Governor Jacob H. Neff,
Congressman Frank Coombs, Rev. Wil
liam Rader, Assistant United States Dis
trict Attorney D. E. McKinlay, ex-Sena
tor A. P. Williams, Congressman S. D.
Woods, A. Sbarboro, president of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion; Supervisors J. P. Booth, L. J.
Dwyer, Samuel Braunhart, Charles Box
ton. Supervisor-Elect William Wynn, H.
A. ilcCraney and others.
The issues of the hour were presented
by Mayor Phelan in a strong opening ad
dress. He was received with warmth and
his allusions to the determined stand
taken by California on the Chinese ques
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1901.
MAYOR JAMES D. PHELAN ADDRESSING THE DELEGATES TO THE
BIG CHINESE EXCLUSION CONVENTION, WHICH HELD ITS INI
TIAL SESSION YESTERDAY AF TERNOON
I
tion were loudly applauded. The people
of this State, he said, had a right to speak"
for the people of the entire union. He
aroused enthusiasm by a vigorous denial
of the story that the sentiment of the
residents of California concerning Chinese
immigration had changed. Were it pos
sible that advantages might be gained by
the peneral admission of Chinese into the
United States the people of California and
of the Pacific Coast would be the first to
recognize and advocate them. The Mayor
declared that the question was a national
one and that the whole people should rise
up against the danger of a Mongol inva
sion.
Geary Chosen as Chairman.
The convention begin business without
delay after the Mayor had finished his
address. The matter of selecting a
chairman was brought up, and Thomas J.
Geary, author of the Chinese Exclusion
Act, was placed in nomination amid a
considerable display of enthusiams. The
name of Mayor Snyder of Los Angeles
was advanced for tho. honor, but that
gentleman respectfully declined, and took
occasion to second Geary's nomination
Mayor Phelan was also placed in nomina
tion, but declined the honor with thanks
Geary was then chosen by acclamation,
and when he advanced to the platform he
was given a hearty ovation. In his speech
of acceptance he referred to the anti-
Chinese exclusion sentiment prevalent in
the East, and expressed the conviction
that the convention would do much to re
move the erroneous impressions concern
ing the Chinese which had been formed
in the territory east of the Rocky Moun
tains. His reference to the strong atti
tude of President Roosevelt in the mat
ter of the re-enactment was hailed with
wild cheers, and cries of "Good bey.
Teddy!" He held that the advancement
of American comraerco was subsidiary to
the advancement of tne welfare of Am
erican labor. The fundamental princlp'e,
he argued, should be recognized that
without labor there could be no com
merce.
Temporary Organization Perfected.
At the conclusion of Chairman Geary's
address, the work of temporary organi
zation was begun. The idea seemed to
prevail among a portion of the conven
tion that politics backed the exclusion
movement, and when H. S. Mason was
placed in nomination for temporary sec
retary, Charles B. gchaeffer of Santa
CHINATOWN'S
REMOVAL IS
ADVOCATED
taxpayers of this
j£ city will soon be called
upon to vote millions
of dollars for schools, hos
pitals and other improvements.
Gentlemen, there is no better
ment that this city can pro
cure which is more an urgent
necessity than the removal of
Chinatown to the southern end
of San Francisco. — Excerpt
from B. Sbarboro' s' address
before the Chinese Exclusion
Convention.
Clara was nominated in opposition. In
order to prevent an election which must
have engendered feeling and cause an
unnecessary waste of time, the election
of both as secretaries was ageed to. A
committee of five on credentials was
then appointed after numerous motions
were made and amendments offered. The
committee '.on credentials retired and
after some minutes retorted in favor of
adopting the list of 3100 names in the
hands of the secretaries. The report wa3
adopted unanimously.
Senator Perkins was then introduced,
and in a brief address he expressed his
gratification at the patriotism displayed
by all classes of citizens of California in
the matter of the exclusion law. The
failure of Congress to re-enact the law
Continued on Page Two.
FRANK L. COOMBS VOICES HIS PROTEST.
A S I understand it, it is because we hare thought that there might prevail in the East some
idea or suspicion that the people of this country zvere not united as they zvere ten years ago
that we have called this convention. And it is your office nozv, echoing the voice, the
sentiment and the majesty of the people of this State, to send in clarion tones to the capital of the
nation your protest, as it zvas your protest of old, against the admission of Chinese further into the
State of California and into the nation. — Excerpt from Congressman Frank L. Coombs' address be
fore the Chinese Exclusion Convention.
WILL REMOVE ERRONEOUS IDEAS
r i HIS convention, meeting at this peculiar time, is to my
J_ mind the most potent instrument that could have been
chosen to manifest to the people of the East that the story
that California has changed her mind upon the question of
Asiatic immigration is at least erroneous, if not absolutely false.
California, through this convention, will tell the people of the East
that she is as loyal as she ever was to her laboring population,
and as determined as ever to protect them against the cheap man
from the East. — Excerpt from Chairman Thomas J. Geary's ad
dress at the Chinese Exclusion Convention.
Strong Addresses in Behalf of the
Laboring People of the
Coast.
WHEN Mayor Phelan called
the Chinese Exclusion Con
vention to order yesterday
afternoon every seat in the
body of the hall and in the
gallery was occupied by dele
gates and spectators.
After calling the convention to order
Mayor Phelan delivered the following ad
dress:
Personnel of Convention.
Fellow Citizens of the State of California:
It 14 my honor as Mayor of this city, pursuant
to & resolution of the Board of Supervisors,
to call this convention to order. It is made up
of our Senators and Representatives in Con
gress, the officials of the State, the counties
and cities of California, of the labor and
trades organizations and of civic society. This
is, in the Judgment of the Board of Supervis
ors, called a representative body, a body
which, when it speaks, will be listened to with
consideration and respect.
The State of California, with its seven hun
dred miles of seaboard fronting tha Pacific,
facing the Orient, is entitled to speak on this
question for the people of the United States.
(Applause.) We may speak, as it were, as
experts. We have had a long familiarity with
this question, and I contend that it is only
those who are ignorant of its true meaning
and significance who would hesitate to Indorse
the position which California has always taken
as a steadfast and patriotic opponent to the
further immigration of Chinese coolies.
It has been said in the East, where a propa
ganda against the re-enactment of the exclu
sion laws has been carried on, that the senti
ment of the country has changed; that even in
California, where, by the way, the Chinese
population, due to the beneficent effect of ex
clusion, has fallen from 76.000, acording to the
census returns in the year IS9O. to about 46.000
in 1900, it has been said that on that account
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
and on account of the opening, as It were, of
the Pacific by the victory of Dewey at Manila
Bay (Applause) that the people of the State
of California have also changed their views;
in other words, that the proponents of Chi
nese immigration have- taken advantage of
the effect of the exclusion law and of the in
terest that we all have in the opening of the i
Pacific, to insidiously, with the assistance of
the Imperial Minister of China at Washing
ton, Minister Wu, and the Imperial Consul
General at San Francisco, Mr. Ho Tow,
impress upon the minds of our Congressmen
and of our editors throughout the broad ex
tent of country ea3t of the Mississippi that it
would be diplomatic, that it would be la tho
substantial interests of this country, and
would be conducive to greater trade to let th«
exclusion act, which has been In force for
twenty years, die by legal expiration. When
we in San Francisco observed that a system
atic campaign was being made for the purpose
of undoing all the work for which w» had
straggled for twenty years, we deemed It nec
essary to call this convention; and I am sure
that none of you will resent the fact that 3*n
Francisco, your commercial emporluci, ha*
taken the leadership In this matter.
Our Commercial Emporium.
San Francisco is a commercial emporium.
It is like all commercial cities, perhaps, when
it comes to a matter of trade, unsentimental:
and it must impress Itself upon the people of
the East that if there is any advantage in
.Chinese Immigration we would not oppose It.
If it brought commerce to our warehouses and
to our marts there would be a very considera
ble element of our population thac would be
active In the demand which every commer
cial city makes for trade and more trade.
(Applause.) Therefore, I say, when San Fran
cisco takes a stand as it took twenty years
Continued on Page Two.2
BRILLIANT SPEAKERS POINT OUT THE DANGERS
OF CHINESE IMMIGRATION TO AMERICA'S SHORES
OPENING ADDRESS
BY MAYOR PHELAN
Author of Exclusion Act Chosen
to Preside Over the Big
State Gathering.
Continued From Page One.
ago. when, by a plebiscital referendum, it was
determined that ninety-nine per cent of the
population were against Immigration, it mutt
have an effect such as we design to make upon
the minds of our brethren in the East.
We are the warders by the Golden Gate; we
must stand here forever In the pathway of
the Orient, and if there is any danger or trial
it is for us to sound the alarm. Hence our
meeting here to-day.
The only man who Is In favor of Chinese
Immigration in this city, so far as I know, is
he who believes that labor must be regarded
6imply by Its capacity for work; who regards
production as more important than the char
acter of the population; and who, when told,
as 1 have told them, that the influx of unlim
ited immigration would overwhelm this coun
try and destroy our civilization, give the an
swer, "Well, that Is a long time off, and after
me the deluge." They take none but that
narrow view, and we are here in a charitable
spirit to enlighten their conscience, to impress
upon the people of the East the Importance
and gravity of this question, and to memorial
ize Congress.
There will be read or delivered before you ad
dresses by gentlemen who have carefully stud
ied the various aspects of this question, its
commercial tide. Why, our commerce with
China has increased since 1880, when exclusion
became effective, from twenty-six millions.
the total of our exports and our imports at
that time, to over thirty-six millions, and we
etand second to Great Britain alone, accord
ing to the latest consular reports, in the vol
ume of our trade with China. In spite of our
exclusion policy, therefore, our commerce and
trade have advanced, and our diplomatic re
lations have actually Improved, because it was
due to the magnanimity of this country that
China was allowed to come out of the recent
war with en undivided territory. (Applause.)
In view of all those circumstances, I believe
that great good will come from this conven
tion If these gentlemen who will address you
v.ill confine themselves to facts and to argu
ments. We have men here representing trade,
commerce and labor; we have them represent
ing the mines and the orchards; we have
' them representing skilled and unskilled Indus
try; but, above til we have them here as
American citizen^ representing our institutions
and our civilization. (Applause.)
Various Aspects of Question.
I have taken simply, for your information, a
brief view of the several aspects of the ques
tion. That Is, I regard it as a labor question;
1 regard it as a race question; I regard it as
an international question, and, above and over
all. a question Involving the preservation of
our civilization. That leads you perhaps to
Imagine, from the inviting prospect, that I will
exhaustively discuss these various phases of the
question. That I will not do. But 1 cannot
Impress too strongly upon the convention the
importance of bringing out, as will be done,
these several views.
I The operatives in the cotton mills at Shang
hai are paid upon an average of 20 to 34 cents
a. day in silver, being from 10^4 to IS cents
daily in gold, the workmen boarding and lodg
ing themselves. That is a sufficient argument,
I think, on the labor side of the question to
chow the wages which they receive, as I have
gathered them here, and will submit them to
the gentleman who has that phase of the ques
tion In charge. It runs down the line m all the
Industries of China, showing the very low
wages which are paid. We know in this coun
try that the Chinese came here under the Bur
lingame treaty and worked for very low wages,
end the scale has steadily advanced until they
get now very nearly what is paid to white
workingmea in the various industries in which
¦both engage. That is because the Chinese pop
ulation in California has diminished, it has
cone down, due to the migration of these peo
ple to other States. In New York in 1880 there
were about 150 Chinese. To-day there are 7500.
And so in other States. California has made
Jier contribution of Chinese to other States,
and that is the only reason why she should
Buffer at the hands of other States and their
representatives. But the Chinese are free to
move when once they come into this country,
and they have, fortunately for us, emigrated to
other States.
; A great argument has been made that It Is
the productiveness which would come from the
employment of cheap labor that would give
this country an economic advantage in the mar
kets of the world. That can be easily answered,
when we remember that the productive energy
of the American people to-day Is greater
per capita than the productive energy of the
people of other countries (applause); that ma
chinery which is due largely to American In
vention has been the cause to a great extent
of that productiveness, and that if we progress
•c we have progressed in that direction cer
tainly we will have all we can do to take
care of our surplus products to -prevent over
production and stagnation.
There are in this country to-day, you know
bout 76.000,000 of people. If we increase at
the rate of 12 per cent per decade", which is
reasonable, we will have nearly 230,000.000 of
people in the United States in one hundred
years. Our inventive genius and constant im
provements being made In machinery will
greatly, therefore. improve our per capita pro
ductive capacity and enable us to increase our
wealth and hold our own in the markets of the
world. We certainly are doing it now. and no
doubt can continue to do It and at the fame
time preserve the character of our population
That is the great question, towering above
even the question of labor— the race question
It has been said that the South will vote
against us on the question of Chinese immi
gration on account of racial difficulties there
But the South has had its lesson on the race
question, and will It Inflict another race ques
tion upon the country? It would be accusing
the South of a lack of interest in the success
or the American republic to say so. They are
solving their race question as best they "may
Their solution of It may not be a good solu
tion: but they are afflicted, as the result of
ela very In the early days of Its development
there, with a great evil, which certainly every
•well-wisher in this land desires that they be
relieved of. They are Buffering the conse
. quences of $ at , sin, it may be said, which has
been transmitted to us when the easy conscience
ou JL? orefatherß Permitted African slavery
This Chinese question is to-day almost and it
must be regarded as. a question of slavery
because the Chinese do not come voluntarily'
«f ,i. are 6 i? VC^ ln every substantial meaning
2L»^Ur '^ I***" the come here under
contracts r and it , has been said that If the Six
2?^ T Companies of San Francisco should
f«i^L°H bUBIn * M th * re would be no Chinese
immigration. These people flo not move volun
HERE IS THE
Shoe for Winter
MEN'S HEAVY
Three-Sole, Extension Edge, Leather
Lined.
All Widths and Sizes.
Saturday. Special,
$2^45.
LIPPITT & FISHER,
945 Market St.
{ I x
tarlly. They are attached to their native land,
and they come here under contract. The peo
ple East are resisting now, through Immigra
tion laws, the importation of a servile or an
Inferior race. From every country come men
who are sent back from Castle Garden to the
old lands because they come, lf you please,
under contract, or can show no means of sup
port. They on the Eastern coast are strug
gling with a question compared to which the
Chinese question is of so much importance that
when that fact Is presented they will certainly
yield to our demands.
It seems to me perfectly Idle, were I not fa
miliar with the conditions ln the East, to argue
this question, but the newspaper reports during
the last two months from almost every center
bring news printed in their columns and edito
rial expressions, showing a condition of the
mind of the East which is inimical to the in
terests of this country on this question of Chi
nese immigration, and it is our duty to address
ourselves, politely but firmly, to these gentle
men and create a public sentiment which will
certainly reach the halls of Congress. It is the
most potent instrument we have ln this free
country of creating a sound public sentiment,
and 1 know of no better way than through
this convention, called here by official author
ity and representing in its composition the be&t
interests of the State of California, the State
most familiar with the question and most ex
posed to its dangers. (Applause.)
It is now in order for this convention to effect
a temporary organization. I may say that no
arrangements have been made in that respect.
There are many distinguished gentlemen who
have come from all parts of the State who, no
doubt, are eligible to service, and nominations
will now be in order for temporary chairman.
GEAEY MADE CHAIRMAN
OF THE CONVENTION
Author of Chinese Exclusion Law
Tells Why It Should Be
Re-enacted.
After the conclusion of Mayor Phelan's
address nominations for temporary chair
man were declared to be In order. "Mayor
Snyder of Los Angeles was placed in
nomination. Thomas Geary, author of
the exclusion act, was named and the
nomination was received with cheers.
Mayor Snyder in withdrawing his name
said there was only one man who should
preside over the body and that man was
Tom Geary. This announcement was also
greeted with hearty applause. A repre
sentative of the Stonecutters' Union
nominated Mayor Phelan, but the latter
gracefully declined in favor of Mr. Geary.
Upon motion the nominations were de
clared closed and Mr. Geary was selected
temporary chairman by acclamation. Mr.
Geary took the platform amid enthu
siastic cheering and was introduced to the
assemblage by. Mayor Phelan.
Mr. Geary's address of acceptance fol
lows:
Fellow-citizens of California: I am deeply
grateful to you for the honor you have shown
me. I feel that it would be idle for me to at
tempt in words to thank you or to show my ap
preciation for the honor you have conferred
upon me. . .
This convention, meeting at this peculiar
time, is to my mind the most potent instru
ment that could have been chosen to manifest
to the people of the East that the story that
California has changed her mind upon the
question of Asiatic immigration is at least
erroneous. if not absolutely l false. These peo
ple have been deceived to think we have under
gone a change. -• Because for . several years the
State has been saved and freed from a need
less agitation of this question was not evidence
that we. had undergone a change of sentiment,
but that we appreciated the tact that the evil
we had been complaining of was being reme
died, and we were satisfied. California,
through this convention, will tell the people of
the East that she is as loyal as ehe ever was
to her laboring population, and as determined
as ever to protect them (cheers), not only by
preventing the introduction of the products
of the cheap man. but will prevent the intro
duction of the cheap man himself. (Renewed
cheers.)
It is not necessary, in my opinion, to mak» a
speech upon this question to this conventioneer
to any assemblage of Callfomians. From the
experience of the past we know the lesson too
well to need its repetition to us. But to the
people in the East, providentially saved from
the experience that has been ours, we owe to
them a duty that we shall give to them the
lesson, that they may be warned in time to
avoid the danger that we have been combating
for years. We owe it to those people that we
shall place before them a fair, reasonable, can
did, temperate statement of what we know
about this race during the time it has sojourned
in our midst. There is no room here and this
is no place for abuse or vituperation. We must
recognize conditions as we find them. Through
out the Eastern States we shall find in many
sections bitter opponents of this class of legis
lation, and those people honestly believe that
they are right and we are wrong, and we must
labor with them and convince them of their er
ror before we can have their assistance and
support. (Applause.) We shall find there or
ganized combinations anxious to defeat ex
clusion from selfish motives. With them we
can do nothing. But they, happily, represent
but a small portion of the people of the United
States because I believe throughout all sec
tions of the East there is that careful regard
for the rights of American labor that you need
but show them that this exclusion is necessary
to secure it. *
Our position on the Chinese question some of
these people would represent as being purely
peculiar to California. There never was a
greater error. Our experience has been the ex
perience of every other portion of the earth
where the Chinese have gone In number! Aus
tralia all of . the British possessions, have
passed exclusion laws as we have. All of the
republics to the south of us have complained
about the presence of these people. In the same
year that the act which is now about to £!
pire was passed far-away Brazil passed a law
upon the same lines. All classes of people in
all climes, recognize the undeslrability of the
Asiatic as a citizen or a laborer
We are not. In my opinion, going to have an
easy contest, no matter how easy it may be
made to appear now. We must prepare for
the greatest battle, in my opinion, we hive
ever had, in order to preserve the advantages
which we now possess, because conditions that
have presented themselves have altered the
situation during the past year and give excuse
for argument that we will have to meet and
combat. I have no fear but what the California,
delegation in Congress to-day Is as effective
and as earnest and will do as able work for
their people as any delegation ever did in the
past; but we must help. It is not fair to expect
them to do it all. And on this convention will
devolve the work of aiding our representatives
so that exclusion may be made certain. tt " veß
Last night over the wires came really the
first promise of substantial assistance- that we
have ever received ,in this campaign the prom
rnit!3 ?e? c distinguished President of the
Lnited States (great applause) would recom
mend to Congress that the bars be not let
down but. If needs be. made higher. (Applause
boy C Teddy ") "" Presi(ient Mli cries of "Good
Your Mayor spoke about the commercial as
pects of this difficulty which we must meet.
1 am not a pessimist in the matter of trade
expansion, but from the knowledge I have of
the Chinese people and Chinese industry I can
not unite with these people who fancy that in
the future China Is to be a great market for
American products. Before any people can be
great customers they must have something to
exchange, and at the present time China, locked
up in the conservatism of centuries, unwilling
to develop her own material advantages, offers
no marl-jt to the white people at all. But
JiflPiv^^T 1 ! 1 w "i be " sed a "d most substan
tially, that In order that our commerce may
rif Ve r^f pansl< 2 n we must make concessions to
the Chinese; in other words, for commerce we
must betray the happiness and the welfare of
the white American laborer. Commerce at that
price costs too much. We will have our share
of the commerce of China, but we win get It
without sacrificing the happiness or welfare of
one single white American toiler in this land
(Applause.) Labor has no opposition to the
expansion of commerce. No people in this
country are more Interested in enlarging the
trade of the United States than the men who
toil in field and farm. In factory and in shop
and create. the things which are to'be the In
struments of commerce or carry on exchange
Every market opened for : the product of the
American factory or farm Is an Increase of the
advantage to the American laborer in Its pro
duction. So when these people try to make
us understand or believe that there must be
an antagonism between labor and. commerce
they mistake the fundamental principle that
without labor, there can be no commerce ' •;•-•
We have followed an Industrial policy for
many years w^leh had as Its cornerstone the
protection of American labor. In the firm be
lief that If protected long enough against the
products Jof cheap labor the world over we
would reach such a state of efficiency that
even with paying better wages, with greater
advantages to our labor we wiJuld find so much
greater productive ability that we coald over
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1901.
SOME OF THE MEN' WHO TOOK MORE OR LESS PROMINENT PARTS IN THE OPENING SESSION OF THE
CHINESE EXCLUSION CONVENTION AT THE METROPOLITAN TEMPLE YESTERDAY AFTEKWOON, AS
SEEN BY A CARTOONIST OF THE CALL STAFF.
come the disadvantage of the cheap products
of cheaper lands. The Industrial supremacy
that we may rightly claim to-day is the result
of a policy which protected labor during all
these years. This is not the day to change
the Industrial policy of the nation and sacrifice
our labor for any purpose or any object. (Ap
plause.)
We will go on as we have commenced until
we become the commercial mistress of the
world. We will load our ships in the ports of
San Francisco and New York and our numer
ous other ports, ships built by American labor;
we will load them to the hatches with the
product of American looms, American factories
and American farms, and we will send them
out into the highways of the world, there to
challenge the products of all other people, con
fident that ln the superiority of our production.
In the Intelligence and integrity of our laborers,
in the Increased efficiency, the immense differ
ence in the product, we can conquer all other
peoples who oppose us. industrially or other
wise. (Applause.)
You are going to have a whole lot of speeches
and I don't like to take up any more of your
time. (Cries of "Go on; go on.") It is getting
late and there are a lot of other gentlemen
to address you. I thank you again for the
honor you have conferred on me and only hope
to merit the confidence you have shown by my
conduct in presiding.
TWO SECRETARIES ARE
CHOSEN FOR CONVENTION
Temporary Organization Is Per
fected After Some Wrangling
Among the Delegates.
Despite cries to go on, Chairman Geary
declined and said that the next order of
business was the nomination of temop
rary secretary. Edwin E. Leake of Wood
land nominated H. S. Mason for the of
fice. Charles B. Schaeffer of Santa Clara
was nominated. To avoid delay Super
visor Braunhart moved that both men be
elected temporary secretaries. This was
done by the convention.
G. A. Cutler of San Francisco made a
motion that a committee on credentials
be appointed. His motion was declared
to be indefinite in that it did not state
the number to be selected. Ex-Governor
James H. Budd offered an amendment to
have a committee on memorials, resolu
tions and platform consisting of five from
the State at large and three from each
Congressional district.
An objection was made to the amend
ment by a delegate, who moved that the
rollcall presented by the secretary of the
convention be accepted as the rollcall of
the convention. The motion was lost, as
was also Governor Budd's amendment.
The original motion presented by Mr.
Cutler as amended to have five delegates
appointed a committee on credentials was
adopted.
While Chairman Geary was debating on
his selections F. E. Johnson of Napa
made a motion to have fifteen appointed
to act as a committee on permanent or
der of business and organization. The
motion was declared out of order.
The following gentlemen were appointed
a committee on credentials: G. A. Cut
ler, G. E. Rosenberg, C. A. Dunbar, Kirk
Hall and E. J. Emmons.
Mr. Johnson renewed his motion to
have the committee of fifteen appointed
and another storm of disapproval fol
lowed and It was lost. Governor Budd
renewed his motion to have a committee
on memorials, platforms and resolutions
appointed. Certain delegates evidently
feared that there was a movement on foot
by certain persons to secure control of
the convention. They therefore objected
to the. motion. Despite their protests the
motion prevailed.
CALIFORNIA UNITED ON
QUESTION OF EXCLUSION
Senator George C. Perkins Urges the
Convention to Do Its Duty
Fearlessly.
While the committee on credentials was
engaged in examining the list of dele
gates Chairman Geary called upon Sena
tor George C. Perkins to address the con
vention. The Senator was warmly re
ceived and spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman and fellow r citlzens of Califor
nia: Your chairman came to me and said,
"We are old friends, Perkins, and I am in a
dilemma. I want you to say something to en
courage me and engage the attention of the
convention while I am selecting this very im
portant committee." Having served in Con
grress with him, and knowing his genial and
good-hearted nature, how could I do otherwise
than favorably respond to his request? And yet
in doing so I am very good to myself, because
I have the pleasure of meeting here to-day
so many representative citizens of this glorious
State of California, coming from every county
in the State, representing every industry, com
ing here without collecting any mileage, as all
of your Congressional delegations collect It,
paying your own expenses, because you are
patriots, because you believe in California, be
cause you believe in your homes. And you are
here to show by your voice and your acts that
you believe in American institutions and the
dignity of American labor. (Applause.) So it
Is to me a great pleasure and satisfaction to
be present here to-day.
It Is not necessary for me to tell you how I
stand upon this or any other public question
that has been so long before the public as the
Chinese exclusion act has. I have grown up in
California, and I have always been on the
side of the Caucasian race, because they are
the best people God ever made (Applause) ; and
therefore, if we are not true to ourselves we
are not true to our country and our homes.
Friends, this is not a political nor a partisan
question. I would like to coin a new name for
this splendid assembly of representative men,
and I think the name that suggests itself to
me is, American ideas of government. Ameri
can ideas of government; that means patriot
ism, it means love of republican institutions.
it means that our forefathers, the grand old
citizens of this country, crushed out human
slavery, and they said that no longer shall
servile labor, contract labor, which is worse
than slave labor, come in here to compete with
the dignity of labor. (Applause.) The Ameri
can idea of government means the greatest good
to the greatest number. It means in this con
vention that we are opposed to the introduction
of Asiatic and Mongolian labor because it pulls
down and degrades the dignity of labor. (Re
newed applause.) It means that the Chinese
are a non-assimilative race, that they come
here, get what they can, and go away with it.
They have no family, no home, they do nothing
to benefit our country; therefore they are a dis
ease upon the body politic, and we would not
be true to ourselves, true to our country and
our State, if we did not take this action. And
I want to thank the authorities of this great
city, this great metropolis of the West, for
having inaugurated the plan of calling to
gether this representative convention of people
irom every part of our State. Your Congress
men, your Representatives in Congress, have
only one vote, only one voice that we can use
there in presenting your wants. And already
there is an undercurrent of sentiment coming
to us that the extension of this Chinese ex
clusion act will not be smooth sailing for us.
There are great Interests in this country, there
are interests in the Hawaiian Islands that are
crying out tor servile contract labor, and It is
our duty by this very act which you are doing
here to-day to say, "No, you shall not come
into thia country to compete with tree Ameri
can labor." •
I have received any number of letters, even
in California, in which the writers say, "Per
kins, we are opposed to Chinese coming ln,"
and I want to say this parenthetically, they
are not going to attack the extension of the
Chinese exclusion act and advocate the incom
ing ot the Chinese into this country; they are
going to move in an insidious, underhand way
by Baying, "No, we are opposed to Chinese im
migration, they all go back hume; you say they
have come here as contract laborers under one
of the Six Chinese Companies; they make a
contract that they shall be taken back home
again, and that if they die their bones shall
be taken back to China. So we say let this
law rest for two years, and then they can come
in for that time, there will only be a very few
of them here; let them come in, and they will
not come back again, and two years hence we
will re-enact the law." That is one of their
plans.
Another plan Is to put the limit at 200,000
Chinese, and when it reaches that number no
more shall come In. Then they have another
plan that will appeal to our Eastern friends
who are friendly to us and who are opposed
to Chinese immigration; that is that adopted
by the Dominion of Canada, by British Co
lumbia, which places a head-tax of $100 upon
every Chinaman coming into British Columbia
or Canada, and prohibits any vessel from
bringing more than one Chinaman for every
fifty gross tons of that vessel. That looks
feasible; it looks easy. Why should any one
object to bringing in such a few Chinamen as
that number would be ln these vessels? And
then we would get ?100 tax for each.
But, my friends, to-day the Japanese have
one of the finest marine eteamahip companies
afloat, and they are bringing immigrants from
the Orient into British Columbia, and will
bring them by the score into California and
the ports on the Atlantic. There are Chinese
building ships, and they will bring that peo
ple here. And to-day there are American
ships that are working the Chinese ln their
nrerooms as firemen and as coal passers, ln
their stewards' department, paying them but
from $10 to $15 a month as the maximum,
when our Americans, who have their families
here, who have their homes here, who pay
taxes here, are receiving, as they ought to re
ceive, from $36 to $60 a month. (Applause.)
How can we compete against that class of la
bor, that class of navigation?
And so I want to say to this committee
whom Governor Budd has suggested so prop
erly should be selected from the different Con
gressional districts of our State, that I hope
that in their memorial they will take up and
consider all these phases of this great ques
tion, and not be misled when a few orchard
lsts who have an individual Interest say, "Our
fruit is going to decay because we can't get
labor to preserve It." I want you to get on a
higher plane and cay that we don't want fruit
cured or dried or put Into the market or
canned or sold unless it is canned by Ameri
can boys or American men. (Applause.) It Is
our people that pay the taxes that have built
up our splendid institutions, and we should
draw the line further, only this is not the time
nor the occasion— l would permit no one to
come into this country unless he felt as he ap
proached these Bhores as Moses did when he
approached the burning bush, that he stood
upon sacred ground; and the voice coming out
of that bush from the American people speak
ing Is, "Unless you love freedom, unless you
believe ln the free public schools, • you can' t
come into this country. (Great applause.)
I want to carry this message back to my
colleagues in Congress and say to them that
the people of California to-day stand just
where they did twenty years ago, when,
through the Legislature which provided the
referendum, it was left to the people to give
an expression on this question of Chinese Im
migration, and there were but 883 votes cast
In favor of admitting the Chinese immigrant
into this country, and there were 154,386
against it. (Applause.) That is the sentiment
of the people to-day, and your delegation In
Congress stands shoulder to shoulder to carry
out the wishes of the people of this great
State. But we want your help, we want your
co-operation; and I know the memorial and
the resolution you will adopt will supply It,
because the electric wires will send It across
the continent, and It will say to our frienda
ln the East that the people of the great Pacific
Coast States are a unit ln this question. They
ar: the power ln the land and we can no
longer hesitate, but we will stand in with
them and re-enact the Chinese exclusion act.
(Applause.)
I will not weary you, my friends. We have
our Congressmen and others here who wish to
speak. I only want to say again and again
to you that we are the same after election as
we were before It. We said then that we
only wanted to be the servants of the people, to
do that which would meet with your approval,
to carry out your wishes, and if we do that
the highest encomium any one can receive is
the approval of his fellow citizens.
REMOVAL OF CHINATOWN
URGED BY A. SBARBORO
Strong Address by President of Man
ufacturers' and Producers'
Association.
"The next address was delivered by A.
Sbarboro, president of the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association. He presented
the Issue as it affects the people of
San Francisco, and particularly urged the
removal of Chinatown. His address in
full was as follows:
Mr. President and Members of the Conven
tion: Once more we are called on to take
measures to defend our State from the threat
ened Chinese invasion. Every important county
in Calitornia is here represented by delegates
chosen from its legislative, commercial and In
dustrial organizations. California is vitally in
earnest over this question of Chinese exclusion,
for California knows better than any other
part of the country the seriousness of unre
stricted Chinese immigration. The citizens of
this State are determined that the blighting
experience of the past shall not be repeated,
if effort on our part can prevent it.
The Chinese began coming to this country
upon the discovery of gold ln California with
other peoples from all parts of the world. It
was not long before it was found out that
the Chinese were an undesirable race. I re
member taking part ln the formation of anti-
Chinese clubs in every district of San Fran
cisco as early as 1860. Tor thirty years this
agitation against the admission ol the Mongol
was kept up and the people of the Pacific
Coast almost unanimously appealed time and
again to Congress for a relief from the in
pouring of the Chinese to California. Finally
Congress listened to our prayers and passed
the Geary exclusion bill, which, although it
did not entirely keep out Chinese laborers,
served to limit them to such a number as to
modify the harm to our people, and let me say
right here that the State of California owes
Mr. Geary an unpaid debt of gratitude for the
most valuable services which he rendered to
the State and to the Pacific Coast.
The force of this bill will soon exnlre and
unless the next Congress re-enacts this meas
ure we will soon again be flooded by hordes of
Chinese, a disaster of terrible menace to the
peace, harmony and happiness of the people
of California.
All the evils which caused the passage of
the Geary bill exist to-day and they exist
more strongly than ten years ago. We have
had now fifty years of experience with the
Chinese among us. The more we know of them
the more we see the necessity of excluding
them from our shores. Other speakers will
enumerate the many reasons why we object
to Chinese immigration. Let me point out
only a few of them. The Chinese, as has been
proved by decades, take back with them to
China all the property accumulations which
they make in this coun'ry and leave us only
their vices and diseases.
They dwell among us in filth. They have
made in the center of this fair city a dis
trict tha very name of which is synonymous
with disease, dirt and unlawful deeds. They
defy our laws, they gamble in hundreds of
barred dens; they make a business of murder
and they give us nothing but evil habits and
noxious stenches.
Dr. Williamson, ln his annual report to the
Board of Health, says that Chinatown should
be removed. I fully agree with him. He says
further:
"Chinatown, as it is at present, cannot be
rendered sanitary except by total obliteration
It should be depopulated, its buildings leveled
by fire and its tunnels and cellars laid bare
Its occupants Bhould be colonized on some dis"
tant portion of the peninsula, where every
building should be constructed under strict
municipal regulation and where every violation
of the sanitary laws could be at once de
tected. The day has passed when a progres
sive city like San Francisco should feel com-
SENATOR PERKINS
SOUNDS A WARNING
Anrurnents in Favor of Exclusion
Are Heartily Cheered by
the Convention.
Continued From Page One.
would result in the degradation and de
struction of American labor. The Sena
tor went on to say that he would dra*
the line on all immigration to this coun
try, and say to the nj.vcomers that they
were on sacred ground, and that if they
did not believe in freedom, our public
schools and all of our institutions, they
should not be permitted to land on our
shores. He was followed with a strong
speech by A. .^harbor.;, in which the r—
moval or Chinatown from the heart of
San Francisco was earnestly urged. Mr.
Sbarboro's remarks were punctuated at
intervals by warm applause.
Thanks to the President.
Numerous telegrams from Governors of
Pacific Coast States and other officials
were read by Secretary Mason. Thest
were from Governor T. T. Geer of Ore
gon, Governor J. R. Itogtli of Washing- |
pelled to tolerate in its midst a foreistn com
munity, perpetuated in filth, for the curiosity
of tourists, the cupidity of lawyers and Ihe
adoration of artists."
Dr. Williamson Is an authority on these mat
ters. He has devoted years and serious study
to them.
The taxpayers of thl3 city will soon be called
upon to vote millions of dollars for schools,
hospitals and other improvements. Gentlemen,
there is no betterment that this city can pro
cure which is more an urgent necessity than
the removal of Chinatown to the southern end
of San Francisco.
We know the curse that the Chinese have
brought among us, but unfortunately our fellow
citizens residing east of the Rocky Mountains,
not being inflicted with any large number of
Chinese immigrants, do not understand the
detriment that these Chinese laborers are to the
country in which they settle and therefore do
not sympathize with our cause. It i 3 owing
to this lack of knowledge of the fact 3 that we
are in danger of losing the protection given to
us by the Geary bill.
I understand that many of our Eastern mer
chants labor under the fal.se impression that
by the renewal of the exclusion bill their trade
with China will be materially decreased, or
that Its growth would be stunted. In answer
to this argument I have prepared a few sta
tistics which I trust will convince this busi
ness element of the East of its error.
The Chinese Minister. Wu Ting Fang, ln a
recent address marte in Philadelphia, said:
' "Since the opening of my country to foreign
commerce fifty years ago China's trade with
the United States has been steadily increasing.
Go back no further than 1891 (one year before
the date of the passage of the Geary bill), you
will find that the volume of trade has increased
rapidly every year. Gratifying as these figures
are they will not stop here, but the commerce
between America and China will continue to
advance every year."
From the monthly summary of commerce of
the United States in the Bureau of Statistics
of the Treasury Department under date of
June, 1901, we learn that the principal exports
from the United States to China are drills,
Jeans, sheetings, flour and kerosene; that two
of the largest imports into Hongkong are from
the United States, namely, flour. 100,000 tons,
which is an increase of 41,000 tons over the
previous year, and kerosene, 67.000 tons, which
has held its own since 1890 against the deter
mined attempts of Russia to capture the mar
ket with a cheaper and inferior article.
We further learn from the same authority
that the Imports from the Un'ted States to
China in 1882 were $4,400,000. Afer 1882 there
was no marked Increase until IS3I am! 1893 and
thereafter, following the passage of the Geary
act.
In the year 1837 the value of the Imports was
$9,700,000, and in 1839 $16,000,000. In 1900, not
withstanding the heavy falling off owing to
the war. we exported $11,700,000 worth of goods,
against an average of one-half that amount
previous to the passage of the Geary bill.
Certainly this showing should refute any as
sertion that the re-enactment of the Geary
bill would Interfere with the commerce be
tween the United States and China. Gentle
men, as a business man. I am free to state
my belief that the merchant, be he from China
or from any other part of the world, does not
exist who will not purchase from the people
of the country where he can obtain the best
article at the lowest price and who will not
Fell to the people of the country which will
pay him the best price for his wares. Fur
thermore, we buy a great deal more from China
than China buys from us, so that, even lf
such a thing as sentiment in trade was pos
sible, the Chinese merchants would still remain
our customers, as they have far the best of
the bargain.
I sincerely hope that our Eastern brethren
will ree that they have nothing to lose by aid-
Ing ua In the passage of this bill. By helping
us with it they will not only advance their own
interests, but they will cement still more
strongly the bonds of friendship which now
exist between the people of the East and the
people residing on the border of the great Pa
cific.
The State of California wants Immigration;
we need mor; Deople. Here we can maintain
20.000.0 CC or 30.000.C00 inhabitants, while we are
barely 1.5*10.000 souls. But, gentlemen, we want
people who will help to upbuild the States; no
coolies who are a detriment to every country
they Invade.
¦\Ve want our own countrymen from the East
to "ome here among: us and to enjoy the boun
tiful blessings which God has spread over thj 3
fair State. We want the Scotchman, who is
full of enterprise and who is as strong ln his
business intejrrity as the giant rocks of his
highlands. We want the Englishman, who
brings with him capital. Industry and enter
prise; the Irish, who build and populate our
citlesi^ the Frenchman, with his vivacity and
love or liberty and his keen knowledge to de-
* the^lmp nLmi *lt £ !*J -fV 5 JJade? ade Ul> ta tho sam « manner frota about
Our dXr Q^hirV. ater L al ~ th £ re is ve V little difference between them,
be bu : mfiJ ? hl&T. 11^ 0118 * we buy 'rom*the best of manufacturers, can
•BntwrtftnffS n Ome other baler's shirt for the same price.
hnmth!i»vl ,M, M - you + advantages in our dollar shirts— you will find her*
popular tolor c i 3 r P Trp O^nT^ nt ln San Francisco- every accepted design and
to P liwitif th re Presented; no matter what your taste is, we are sure " «
Lood rtLi of «H shirt has , ever been made in that pattern. There is a
the nSt best fh n^" 0 l 8 buyln & what you want, rather than taking
,i i««M i 4r lng » in v? ome store where the assortment is limited.
I We would like to show you our line of percale shirts for
$1.00
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
SflWoopsfp
718 Martlet Street.
ton. Governor R. Sadie of Nevada, Gov
ernor Henry T. Gage of California. Coi^J
gressman Julius Ki'm, now on ms wijT
to Washington, and Samuel Gomperi
president of the American Federation if
Labor. Following the reading of a tele
gram from Congressm in J. C. Needhan.
announcing that President Roosevelt
would urge thi re-enactment of the Ch'
nese Exclusion law in his message to
Congress, the convention decided to sen 1
a telegram to the President, thanking
him for his firm stand in the matter.
An excellent speech was then delivered
by Congressman Frank H. Coomos, in
which the subject of Chinese exclusion
was carefully treated. His remarks wen
greeted with applause, and when he con
cluded the convention took a rec-
thirty minutes in order to enable the se
lection of a memor»cl committee, ore
each from the various congressional dis
tricts This work having been completed,
the convention adjourned to meet agaii.
at 10 o'clock this moiri.ng.
veloD our viticultural industry; tha 3wis« free
men, who are supreme ln butter and cheese
making: the industrious and thrifty Italians,
who cultivate the fruit, olives and vines— who
come with '.oetry and music from the classic
laiid ot Vlrjcil. and who bring to us the best
from t>eir native soil; we want the Teutonic
race, strong, patient and frugal, to develop
the productions of our soil and the Inexhausti
ble opportunities. We want the Danes, the
Swedes, the Slavs and the Belgians; we want
all good people from all parts of Europe.
It is these Immigrants and their children,
with their diversified industries, who nave
made this country in a remarkably short
period of time the greatest and most prosper
ous on the face of the globe.
To these, Mr. Chairman, we should never
close our doors, for although when the Euro
pean immigrant lands at Castle Garden he
ijpay be uncouth and with little money, yet
soon by his thrift and industry he improves
his condition; he becomes a wort'ny citizen and
the cbildrai who bless htm mingle with the
children of t K ose who came befor« him. ami
when the country calls they are always reaiiv
and willing to defend the fla«. to follow the
stars and stripes throughout the world.
Can you recall any battles ln which th^
Chinese have raised their hands in defense of
Old Glory? Can you point out examples of
patriotic Mongols dying for the flag of our
country? Did they rally in the ranks of the
patriots who lowered Spain's pride?
No; they do not fight, except when with
hatchet and revolver they lay low the mem
bers of their tongs who offend them.
Gentlemen, when our lamented President Sic
Klnley called for men to defend the flag if
our country the California boy» were the first
to answer the call and to carry that flag to
victory in the Philippic Islands. Our 3an
Francisco mechanics sent the Olympia to de
stroy the Spanish fleet at Manila Bay and
I sent the Oregon to wine out of the ocean th*
grand armada of Spain at Santiago de Cuba.
! (Applauf*.)
1 Mr. ih;i:rman, members of this convention.
j the good people of the State of California at
the election last year gave their enthusias
tic approval to the Republican administration
by voting for the nrotectlon doctrine of our
I late beloved President McKinley. Now. In r»
i turn we most earnestly pray. nay. we demand,
that the present administration and every
Representative in Congress do protect Califor
nia and the Pacific Coast from this threatened
disaster of Chinese tnvaslon.
FXOQUKNT- ADDRESS OF
. i L_ll CONGRESSMAN" COOMBS
Californians ' Should - Raise Their
Voices in Appeal to Con
gress.
Congressman Frank L. Coombs was In
troduced by • Chairman Geary and when
the applause subsided he delivered the
following' address:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the* United
Chinese Convention: I congratulate you upon
! assembling in order that you might make
; manifest through your voices the sentiment of
the people of the Pacific Coast, and I hope
that it will re-echo the sentiment of the peo
ple of the United States upon the Chinese
question.
As I understand It, It Is because wa have
thought that there might prevail in the East
some idea or suspicion that the people of this
country were not united as they were ten
years ago that we have called this convent!
And it is your office now. echoing the voice,
the sentiment and the majesty of the people
of this State, to send in clarion tones to the
capital of the nation your protest, as It was
your protest of old, against the admission of
Chinese further into the State of California
and into the nation.
I have read in the papers and heard here
discussed to-day considerably the question of
commerce. It has been set forth that a re
striction of Chinese immigration might ope
rate to the disadvantage of the great com-*
merce for which the grand Pacific opens up a
splendid and glorious future. Upon that sub
ject I desire to say that it seems to me. and
It has always seemed to me. that the ques
tion of human slavery, as evidenced by th«
Chinese in the past, does not tend to pro
mote nor does it tend to hold back commerce
and its development. It Is regulated by an en
tirely different proposition, by entirely differ
ent motives, by entirely different International
communications and privileges. Yet above
it all. my fellow-citizens. it Is to be found
Continued on Page Five.OUTLINES CASE
FOR PROSECUTION
Trial of Mrs. Bonine for
Murder Commences
Before Jury.
An Attempt Will Be Made to
Disprove Her Story of
Ayres Killing.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2L— The trial of
Lola Idsi Bonine on the charge of
E James Seymour Ayres Jr. was
fairly launched to-day. The preliminary
presentation of the case on behalf of the
Government was made by Assistant Dis
r net Attorney Hugh Taggart, and after
.e had concluded a number of witnesses
•were heard. Taggarts statement con
3 only about an hour and fifteen
.d consisted for the most part
of a review of the circumstances connect
ta the tragedy. Taggart stated the
' the prosecution to be that
was murdered by Mrs. Bonine and
gained admission to his room in
re Hotel through the window,
B that by means of the fire es-
He attempted to show that ehe
•qued by his non-attention to her.
Irs. Bonine apparently was unmoved
r>y his representations. The witnesses of
lay did not throw any new light on
ling.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MANGE^V^^^\
Co's CORNSTARCH
I None of the 1
t I new breakfast 1
foods is as dainty I
! ¦ or nourishing as
H-0 (Hornby's Rl
Jl Steam - Cooked Uj
\ 7 Oatmeal). None mI
\JJ of the old corn- vi
[%\ starch is as nu- J*
in tritious and satis- 1 , j
vg factory as The «|ijj
S H-O Co.'s Corn- M
v) starch, "quality (l<B
!¦ { \\j guaranteed." ,[//J
!i! California
Limited
Leaves San Francisco daily
0:00 a, m.
New equipment, courteous
treatment, superb dining ser-
vice, perfect in every detail,
makes it the finest transcon-
tinental train.
75 hours to Chicago, and no
limit to the good things for
your comfort.
Office— 64l Market street and
at Ferry.
I The Santa Fe. 1
®>IM, MGOR.VUALiTYtor MEN
MORMON* BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years' by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains in Eack, Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, fmm *-**. VarlcoceleorCon-
stipation. Stop Ncr *3 a M vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are pZ%.~!^— Immediate. Im-
part vitror and pote «- '»*» ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BIPHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO. 38
and 40 Third st.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
1 A |3 mm st. bet. el*:*, 2.r.cii. 1
'^. \ Or The Larrest Anatomical Museum in the \
A _JjV > _ World. WealaMaaes or any contracted M
- Se?STJ «sea«,r i»»lti»«-lT«-»r«<hytheoldeit W
% ft- 5 M I Special ist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. Q
0 JV&I DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ I(s*^3 Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
A I VMS' H Treatment personally or by letter. A M
W m nr nl • Pc " Curt in every case undertaken. W
At lift Write for Book. PBILOnurBV or A
fI [I \\W BiRKMGE, mailed FREE. (a ¥
1 A 11. valuable book for m«-n)
¥ 08. JOBD A > * *'••• 1051 Market St.. S. F. f
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. *
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
reys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
£23 Market St.. S. (Send for Circular*.)
DR. PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL. '
\ DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD,LIVER.LUNGS.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
BELLE OF GRASS VALLEY
THE BRIDE OF AN EDITOR
Miss Winifred Wilhelm United in Marriage to James
G Tyrrell at a Pretty Ceremony.
PROMINENT YOUNG PEOPLE OF GRASS VALLEY AND WELL
KNOWN IN THE NORTHERN PART OF THE STATE WHO WERE
MARRIED WITH INTERESTING CEREMONY.
GRASS VALLEY. Nov. 21.— Miss
Winifred Wllhelm and James C.
Tyrrell of this city were married
here this evening. The young
people are widely known in this
section of the State and they are very
popular. The affair was the social event
of the season here and was enlivened by
the presence of half a hundred guests.
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Theodore H. Wilhelm and is a niece
CONDEMN SHIP
SUBSIDY BELL
Textile Workers Regard
It as a Form of Class
Legislation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21. —At the ses
sion of the United Textile Workers of
America to-day the convention completed
the new constitution by which the differ
ent organizations of textile workers have
been united and are to be governed he're
sifter.
A number of resolutions on subjects of
national interest were adopted. Including
the following: Condemning the ship sub
sidy bill as "the worst form of class leg
islation in that it propofes to tax all the
people for the benefit of syndicate dic
tated interests whose overflowing coffers
show that they are abundantly able to
take care of themselves"; "that we stand
by the doctrine of 'equal rights to all and
special privileges to none,' and oppose all
forms of subsidies and gratuities to pri
vate Interests"; asking that Congress
strengthen and re-enact the Chinese ex
clusion law. Including in its provisions all
Mongolian labor, and, urging the passage
by Congress of a law forbidding the im
migration into this country of persons 15
years of age and upward who cannot
read the English language or some other
language.
Hunter Is Killed in a Fight.
MIDDLESBORO, Ky., Nov. 21.— 1n a fight
with Virginia hunters who crossed the
line into Tennessee one man was killed.
The law does not permit game to be car
ried from the State of Tennessee and does
not allow hunting on farms where notice
is posted forbidding it. John Smith, on
whose farm the intruders were found,
asked them to leave. They refused. Smith
and his sons armed themselves and drove
them off. In the fight Thomas Wallace
was killed.
Commandant Buys Captured.
LONDON, Nov. 21. — A dispatch from
Lord Kitchener, dated Pretoria, Novem
ber 21. says Commandant Buys has been
captured after attacking a patrol of 100
railroad pioneers on the Vaal River, near
Villlersdorp.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— Representative Nicho
las Muller of the Seventh New York District,
has tendered his resignation as member of
Congress.
Mellin's
Food nourishes the
whole system and
provides for a perfect
and normal develop-
ment.
Send for a free sample of Mellin's Food.
Malta's Pood Co., Boston, Mass.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1901.
of Lieutenant Governor J. H. Neff, who
presented her with a beautiful sliver ser
vice. She is a social favorite and has
been identified with the younger Bet for
several seasons.
Mr. Tyrrell is the editor of the Tidings-
Telegraph of this city and has been con
nected with newspaper work here for
some years.
After the pretty ceremony the young
couple started on a trip to the southern
part of the State. They will return about
New Year's day.
ASK REDUCTION
OF THE WAR TAX
Distillers and Brewers
Prepare an Appeal
to Congress.
•Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— Indications
show that the whisky distillers intend to
make a tremendous effort this winter to
have their tax reduced from $1 10 per gal
lon to 70 cents. The stake for which they
are playing amounts to something like
$60,000,000. The distillers at present have
in bond in this country 148,074,491 gallons
of whisky. According to Commissioner
of Internal Revenue Yerkes it is dis
tributed as follows: In distillers' ware
houses, 145,273,815 gallons; in general
bonded warehouses, 1,284,647 gallons, and
in special bonded warehouses, 1,516,029
gallons. This for this time of year is
an unusually large amount of liquor in
bond and should the distillers prevail on
Congress to reduce the revenue tax they
would make a saving of very nearly $60,
00,000, a sum worth fighting for.
An effort will be made by the distillers
to come together on some common ground
before any effort is made with Congress
itself. Once united on a plan of action
the different forces will work together
and use every effort with Congress for a
reduction, using the argument that the
reason no longer exists for war taxes and
that the request to be put on the old basis
is nothing more than just
The brewers will fight for a stake of
$24,000,000, based on the manufacture of
beer last year, which amounted to 40,000 -
00 barrels. They ask for a reduction of
the tax from $1 60 to $1. The distillers and
brewers have been unable to unite and
they will flght their cases separately. The
stock brokers of the country will also
make a strong effort to have the war tax
on the sale of shares removed. A dele
gation from the Consolidated Stock and
Petroleum Exchange of New York called
on the President to-day and presented the
resolutions of the directors urging the re
peal of the war revenue measure requiring
a stamp tax on the sale of shares or cer
tificates.
Chairman Payne of the Ways and
Means Committee is known to favor a
substantial reduction in the war revenue
and those who are fighting for the old
conditions before the Spanish war rely on
him for assistance.
TELEGRAPH OPERATORS
IN SERIOUS TROUBLE
Police Accuse Them of Being Con
nected With a "Green Goods"
Swindle.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— John B. Bert
holf, manager of the Eastern division of
the Western Union Telegraph Company In
Jersey City, N. J., was arrested to-day on
the charge that he has been carrying on a
"green goods" business. The complaint
was made by Chief of Police Murphy. The
police have several circulars sent to the
South and West and claim they can show
that the telegraphic replies of prospective
victims went direct to Bertholf.
Isaac Kershaw, a telegrapher, who
transmitted some of the telegrams al
leged to have been received by Bertholf
and gave the police the statement against
him, was also arrested on a charge simi
lar to that found against the manager.
Bail was fixed at $1000 in each case.
COLOMBIA
APPEALS TO
UNCLE SAM
Asks That Communica
tion Across Isthmus
Be Maintained.
Secretary Hay Gives Prompt
Assurances That Treaty
Will Be Upheld.
After Taking Colon the Insurgents
Are Very Careful Not to Dis
turb the Interests of
Foreigners.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.-A formal
' appeal was made to Secretary Hay to- |
j day by Herrarv, Colombian Charge d'Af- j
! faires, that the United States observe" its j
treaty stipulations and maintain free, un
interrupted communication across the
I Isthmus of Panama.
In reply to this representation Secretary
j Hay gave assurances to Herran that the
\ United States will permit no interruption
, of traffic. Apparently the Liberals, who \
I have just captured Colon, are not anx- j
ious to cause this Government to inter- ]
vene more than it has already done, for I
official dispatches received by the State
and Navy departments announced that
the situation is quiet. Secretary Long
made public this dispatch from Captain
Perry, commanding the battleship Iowa:
"Everything quiet. No further inter
ference since notification. Transit and
telegraph communication open. Colon in
possession of Liberals and quiet."
Consul General Cudger supplemented
these advices by wiring that trains are
running regularly between Panama and
Colon. Commander McCrea confirmed the
statement that quiet prevails.
\ It is the expectation of Senor Herran
j that the Government troops will imme
diately move to recapture Colon. The
Liberals will be considerably embarrassed
' in their efforts to hold the town by rea
son of the fact that Commander McCrea
I will not permit them to occupy the rail
road station or wharves, or to demolish
the railroad track so as to prevent the
entrance of an attacking force. If a bat
tle occurs it will probably take place out
side of Colon.
A diplomat pointed out to-day that the
insurgents, now that they have obtained
possession of Colon, will probably ask
this Government for recognition. No such
I recognition will be accorded for the pres
ent, at least.
Foreigners Are Protected.
COLON. Colombia, Nov. 21.— The city of
Colon was perfectly quiet all yesterday |
and last night. It Is claimed in behalf of !
i the Liberals that there has been no un- i
i seemly behavior. Foreigners are being
! respected and protected, and transit ;
across the isthmus is uninterrupted.
Colonel Barrera, commander of the Lib- (
eral forces, asserts that he has notified j
the district representative of the Depart- i
j ment of the Interior and other former offi- j
I clals of the Government that he has ap- \
I pointed a commission to take over their ;
I offices formally. Senor Espriella, a prom- i
i inent lawyer and counsel for the Panama .
Railroad, is a member of the commission, i
Colonel Barrera admits that the Gov- j
ernment troops here numbered a little
ten than 120 men. It was at first report- ;
; ed that twelve or more men had been
killed and that about thirty were wound- :
I ed, but the bodies of more dead men have !
1 since been discovered.
General Zaldana commands 200 Liberal ;
' troops at Gatun Railroad station, about
' six miles from Colon. The Liberals claim j
! to be in possession of all the railroad sta- :
I tions between Colon and Las Cascades, |
: which is nearer to Panama than to Colon, j
Both sides used Remingtons and Mau- ;
sers. The former causes the higher death
rate. A Liberal lieutenant, who was shot
In the neck with a Mauser bullet, is re- i
ported to be doing well.
No Immediate Attack on Panama.
No immediate attack on Panama is con- !
templated. Colonel Barrera is awaiting
the arrival at Panama of Domingo Diaz, ;
the Liberal chief. W,hen Diaz reaches
I this city definite plans will be formulated.
General Patino, the original commander
' of the Liberal forces which captured-Co
i lon, is said to have intended to capture
the Colombian gunboat General Plnzoa
| in person, and some say that the general
was drowned in an effort to reach her in
a boat which capsized. Colonel Barrera,
however, denies this, but there is no
doubt that the capture of the General ;
Pinzon was contemplated.
The United States gunboat Machlas, It
Is understood, will not interfere with any ;
of the fighting, but will protect the fail
road and foreign interests. •
The Government at Panama is busy
erecting breastworks in the vicinity of
the railroad property, in the direction of
which the Liberal attack is expected.
The Mayor of Panama started in a
launch belonging to the canal company j
1 yesterday morning to report the state of i
i affairs to General Alban. Since the i
I Mayor's return to Panama it has been j
i rumored that he found the general at I
i Chorrera, and that he decided to take his
' forces back to Panama by land and rein
force the garrison there.
Certain sources of information have it
that the canal company's largest launch
was loaned to the Government last Sun
day to convey General Alban and troops
toward Chorrera and that it was sunk on
Tuesday near Taboga.
United States Consul General Gudger,
! Captain Perry of the United States bat
j tleshlp lowa and the secretaries of the
! Government held a conference at Panama
yesterday. The latter claimed that the
conductors of the train should not have
allowed Liberals to embark on the train
at Las Cascades. Captain Perry replied
that the Government should protect free
transit on the isthmus and ought to have
prevented the embarkation of the Lib
erals. Subsequently a letter was sent to
the Colombian authorities by the Ameri
can officials with reference to future ac
, tion. It is not improbable that the lowa
•J will shortly land a force to protect tran
:l sit. '
Little Gold Is Found.
The following provisional appointments
' were made by the Liberals to-day:
Senor Esprella to be Prefect, Dr. Val
, verde to be Mayor, Dr. France to be
Postmaster and Senor Silva to be Cap
tain of the Port. Other minor appoint
] ments were also filled.
The treasury safe was opened this aft
' ernoon in the presence of witnesses. It
, I was found to contain 1080 Colombian dol
j lars, equivalent to $450 gold. The former
Postmaster also handed over to the Lib
erals the cash and the postage stamps in
his possession. The municipal offices in
charge of Liberals probably will be
I opened to-morrow.
It Is said the gunboat Marietta, which
sailed from Key West for Colon Novem
ber 18, has been signaled.
FARMER RIDDLES TWO
BROTHERS WITH SHOT
Says He Thought the Victims Were
About to Rob His Hen
roost,
CHICAGO, Nov. 21.— Charles and John
Miller, brothers, of Toronto, Canada,
were riddled with small shot here to-day.
The former will die. John was serlous'y
wounded.
The shooting was done by Robert Co
burn, who thought the men were about
to rob his henroost. John Miller said he
and his brother were without money and
were merely seeking a lodging in Co
burn's barn. Coburn drove four miles to
a police station with John Miller uncon
scious in the bottom of a wagon. The
police found the brother two hours later.
Coburn was detained by the police.
Spanish Journalist Assaulted.
LONDON, Nov. 21.— According to a dis
patch to the Daily Express from Madrid
as Senor Romeo, a journalist, was leav
ing the Chamber of Deputies yesterday he
was fired at by three men. He received
two bullets In the head and ia dying.
CATHOLIC ARCHBISHOPS
REVIEW CHURCH AFFAIRS
Lament the Assassination of President McKinley
and Offer Prayers for His Successor*
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— The
Archbishops of the Catholic
Church in this country began
their annual meeting here
to-day. To-day's proceedings
were executive. The meeting considered
a number of questions that had wide agi
tation during the past year and reviewed
generally the affairs of the hierarchy.
The only feature of the proceedings for
mally made public after the day's work
had been concluded was that the meeting
had adopted resolutions of lament at the
assassination of President McKinley and
containing an invocation of the benedic
PRESIDENT SENDS BEST
WISHES TO HARVARD TEAM
Regrets That It Is Impossible for
Him to Attend the Game
With Yale.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., ;Nov. 21—Presi
dent Roosevelt, who two years ago led the
cheering for Harvard at the game with
Yale, in reply to an invitation from the
Harvard management to attend Satur
day's game, to-night sent the following
telegram:
"I regret more than I can say that it is
utterly Impossible for me to come. Will
you please give my good wishes to the
team and say that I am sure they can
win and that I count upon their playing
without a let-up from the first to the
last."
LONDON, Nov. 22.— The fact that the anti-
Chamberlain agitation In Germany has at last
extracted a «3ml-officlal expression of appro
val from the North German Gazette has had
the effect of convincing the British press that
the situation is becoming serious.
! Clothes that make and i
hold customers
If our suits and overcoats were not good values — if we could only sel
once to a person, we would soon use up all the visible supply of customers. But' •
• on the contrary, the store is every day making new customers and at the same
time retaining the regular ones. The only possible reason for this is because we
please every customer, and we please him by giving good values, reasonable prices,
: fair treatment and an immense assortment from which to choose. ;
I jl The values are unusual because you buy . direct from us, the makers — we '
manufacture all our clothing. The middleman's twenty-five per cent profit stays
in your pocket.
Our guarantee is standing evidence of every value we offer. A dissatisfied . !
customer, can have his money back. A satisfied customer can have a year's repair-;
ing free. - This would be very expensive to us if the suits did not warrant it. ;|
Here are some typical values ,
Suits--$9.00 Overcoats --$9.00 Trousers--$1.95 j
We have as 9 suit made from Now is the time for your new For a limited time we are ;
serge, cheviot, tweed and wor- overcoat — we have a swell offering worsted pants at. a very j
sted in solid colors and fancy assortment in black cheviots, exceptional price. Although j
patterns that is the best value blue kerseys and tan coverts the value of the pants is $2. 50,
we ever offered for the price. at $9. •j> the special price is $1,95. •
Sale of Reefer Coats and Suits for Boys 1
; The weather is emphasizing the need of winter clothes for the boy— our prices emphasize the ;
wisdom in buying the suit or overcoat from us, and our assortment adds more emphasis. While the l'
stock abounds in ; values, we mention to-day a few items that we think will appeal to thoughtful j
mothers: x . 1
Reefer Coats
Made of covert, cldth or brown frieze, with inlaid velvet
• collar, good winter weight material; ages 3to 8 years; price, , j
$1.85
ilii: >.•*/' Made of blue cheviot material, with black or red braic' //«H^> V
_jj > yo( trimmings; good suits for winter wear; ages 3 to 10; price, fnU^^jL \
BaLMppT?jyil Made of tweeds, in gray and brown mixtures, for school. yjl/M^H vtj \
flSj|l||gjtT Shirt waists for boys, separable belt known as "Mother's 11 Hnaf vH3
KSH^H Friend" belts, ages 4to 12, special till the end of the month )p^A^fS^jjy^T - i~ i
Bh Wk Write for our illustrated catalogue, "What to Wear." If viSafv *tti
I 718 Market Street.
tlons of heaven on his successor's admin
istration.
The Archbishops will meet again to
morrow morning. After they have con
cluded there will be a session of the com
mittee on the distribution of funds for
the Indian and negro missions.
It was expected that matters affecting
the work of the Catholic Church in the
new insular possessions would be a sub
ject of discussion at this meeting of the
Archbishops. It is not believed, however,
that it received any serious attention, for
the reason that the jurisdiction of the
affairs of the church in these possessions
has not been formally transferred to the
American hierarchy.
DECLARES CONSIBINE
NOT GUILTY OF MT7KDEA
Seattle Jury Benders a Verdict Ex
onerating the Man Accused of
Killing Meredith.
SEATTLE, Nov. 21.— John TV. Consldine
left the King County Courthouse shortly
before 6 o'clock this evening a free man.
According to the verdict of the jury he
Is not guilty of the murder of ex-Chief
of Police William L. Meredith. The ver
dict was read in the courtroom at 5:35, ex
actly three hours from the time the jury
men were locked up for deliberation.
There was no demonstration of any kind
from the big audience.
It is not thought likely that Tom Con
sidlne, who is also charged with the mur
der of Meredith, will be brought to trial,
although the prosecuting attorney has
given out no statement to this effect.
HONGKONG. Nov. 22.— The rumored death
of Tao Mv, Viceroy of Kwang Tung and
Kwang Si, is denied.
BRIGANDS HOLD
OUT FOR RANSOM
Little Hope for Early
Release of Captured
Missionary.
Government Will in Due
Time Ask Reparation
From Bulgaria.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1+36 G STREET, X*.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.—Authorita
tive denial is given by officials of the
State Department to tne report that the
Turkish Government has been asked to
permit the American squadron In Euro
pean waters to pass from the Mediter
ranean into the Black Sea in order to
force Bulgaria to make reparation for the
suffering's of Miss Stono.
It is reiterated that the department .'a
devoting itself at this time solely to fue
effort to obtain Miss Stone's release, and
when this is accomplished, then action
will be taken to secure the punishment
of the responsible poisons and an in
demnity. The authorities continue to b^
hopeful that the American missionary
will be liberated.
SOFIA, Nov. 21.— Ccnsul-General Dick
inson of the United St"tes will leave Fri
day or Saturday of this week for Con
stantinople. There is obviously no pros
pect of a settlement with Miss Stone's
abductors. The departure of Dickinson
will probably have a <<rd effect upon the
brigands who have Miss Stone in their
possession, as they may fear to lose
everything by not accepting Dickinson's
proposals.
34
OFFICIALS BRING OUT OF THE NORTH
DETAILS OF THE GIGANTIC CONSPIRACY
AGENTS' SPECIAL
IN A COLLISION
Railroad Officials and
Women Injured Near
Nevada.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 21.— The special
train carrying members of the American
Association of Traveling Passenger
Agents, which left San Francisco last
right, came into collision nearly this af
ternoon with a freight train at Boca, near
th# Nevada line. Several members of the
party were injured. They are C. A. Par
ker, passenper agent of the Lehigh Val
ley Railroad, side injured; Mrs. C. A.
Parker, contusion of the right elbow
Joint; Mrs. H. N Butterfteld, sprains of
the neck and back and contusion over
the afcaomen; Mrs L. W. Price, probable
fracture of three ribs; S. Bailey, arm
scalded.
The engineer*, firemen and crews of
iped injury. The injured
c treated by Dr. 8. Put
wljo was or. the train,
m re all well enough this af
ternoon to continue ontfcheir journey un
der hie care. »
The freight train, which was west
¦ I on the main line at Boca
rs. It was the duty
of the passengers agents'
. to the siding and rejoin
>rther on. The air brakes
work properly, however, and
tne special cuuld not be brought to a
n time to permit the switching to
be done
Ac a consequence, despite the reversal
of the brakes, the special continued on
the main line past the switching point
ran into the freight train. Both en
new nat damaged at the
- of contact. None of the cars of
left the track, although the
of the collision caused two cars
of the fn-igrht to leave the rails. The in
juries received by the passengers were
caused by their being thrown violently
against their seats or against the tables
between the seats in the dining car.
New Rules for the Students.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 21.—
Professor C H. Gilbert, chairman of the
committee on scholarship, to-day gave
out the following rules regulating the re
quirements of scholarship of students who
desire to engage in student activities: No
student s=rrall represent the university :n
connection with any student organization
or individually, first, if he continues to
do unsatisfactory work after being noti
fied that he is on probation, or, second. If
he has b*en obliged to withdraw from the
university for failure in scholarship and
has not since reinstatement completed the
f one full semester.
Igle6ias Released on Cash Bail.
SAN JT'AN, Porto Rico. Nov. 21.—San
tiago Iglesias, the agent of the American
Federation of Labor, who was arrested
hr-re about a fortnight ago on a charge
rwprraey, has been released on $500
bail furnished by Samuel Gompers, presi
dent of the American Federation of La
bor. Iglesias will be tried December 2.
licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Nov. 21.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Hugo Heine, aged
25 years, and Gertrude Morton, 18, bo»h
of San Francisco: Carl A. Auguston, 35,
and Mary Louisa Reid, 30, both of Berke
ley; Michael P. Perfumo, 23. and Aida
Edwards, 22, both of Alameda.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ENTHUSIASTIC CONVERTS.
There Are Thousands of Them
Who Believe as This
Woman Docs.
Mrs. Ira Knowlton of Butte, Montana, la a
most enthusiastic convert to the virtues of
Etuart's Dyspepsia Tablets as a cure for ob-
rtinate stomach trouble. She cays: "I had
poor direction nearly, all my life. It now
seems, to me that for years I never knew what
it was to be hungry, ' to have a good natural
»pr>?ttt<". . , •
"I was troubled with, gas in stomach causing
pressure on the heart with palpitation and
short breath. Nearly everything I ate soured
on my stomach. ' sometimes I had cramps m
th« etomach which almost resembled spasms.
- "Doctors lold me I had catarrh of the stom-
ach, but their medicines would not reach it
and I. would still be a sufferer had I not. in
cheer desperation, decided to try Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets.
"I knew they were an advertised remedy and
I didn't believe anything I read about them
as I had no confidence in advertised remedies,
but my sister living in Pitteburg wrote me' last
epriiig telling me how Stuart's Tablets had
cured her little daughters TTf indigestion and
loss of flesh and appetite and I hesitated no
longer.
"I bought a fifty-cent box at my drug store
and took two of the large tablets after each
meal and found them delightful to take, being
as pleasant to the taste as caramel candy.
Whenever during the day or night I felt any
pain or uneasiness in the stomach or about
j the heart I took one of the small tablets and
mi three weeks it seemed to me as if I had
never known what stomach trouble was. !
"I keep Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets in , the
house and every member of our family uses
them occasionally after a hearty meal or when
eny of us have a pain or ache in the digestive
organs."
Mr. E. 11. Davis of Hampton, Va., Bays: "I
doctored five years for dyspepsia, but in two
months I got more benefit from Stuart's Dys-
pep'jia* Tablets than in five years of the doctor's
treatment." • ¦
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the safest as
well as the simplest and most convenient reme-
dy, for any form of indigestion, catarrh of
stomach biliousness, pour stomach, bloating
after meals, sympathetic heart trouble.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is not a cheap
cathartic, but an active digestive remedy con-
taining the pepsin and diastase which every
weak stomach lacks, . and they cure stomach
troubles because they digest the food eaten and
give the weak, abused, overworked stomach a
chance to rest and recuperate.
Stuart Dyspepsia Tablets »re sold In every
drug store in the United States, Canada, and
Great Britain. . f
¦ 1
FALLS VICTIM
TO ASSASSIN
Portland Young Man Is
Murdered on Way to
His Home.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 21.— James Mor
row, a prominent young man, was the vic
tim of an atrocious murder last night.
The manner In which the deed was perpe
trated and the identity of the assassin
are enveloped in mystery.
The murder was not discovered until 4:30
o'clock this morning, when a milkman,
Ambrose Sparrowk, found the body lying
on the sidewalk of an East side street.
The circumstances surrounding his tragic
death make it one of the saddest that has
ever befallen the efforts of the police to
unravel.
Leaving the home of his fiancee, Miss
Liiah Illidjje, a beautiful young society
woman, at 11:40 oclock last night, Morrow
started with a jest on his lips for his
home, one mile and a half away. He had
mimed the last car and blithely began his
long walk. When the tragedy was en
acted he was three blocks away from his
home. The murder took place on East
Eighth street, between Stephens and Mill,
twenty feet away from the residence of
C. S. Bradford, a mailcarrier.
The report of a pistol was heard at 12:20
a. m. and the whole neighborhood was
aroused. The listeners mertly turned over
in their beds. Several heard the clatter
of two men running away. While the
residents lay back for sound slumber rain
drops pattered on the dying boy.
Two theories are advanced to explain
the murder— one that he was killed by a
personal enemy Jealous of the boy's at
tentions to Miss Illidge, the other that he
was the victim of highwaymen. The bul
let was fired at close range, burning the
face with powder. The mystery is deep
ened by the position in which the body
was found, the left hand being in his
pocket and the right upraised. The bullet
went through his left eye. His position,
with his left knee upraised to take a step,
is taken to indicate that he made no re
sistance and that the shot came unexpect
edly.
Morrow was 21 years old and the brother
of .C. Morrow, a prominent Stanford
graduate.
Strike Gold in the Gravel.
FOLSOM, Nov. 21.— A rich strike in
gravel mining was made to-day at the
Gray & Wing mine, about two miles from
Kolsom. One pan of dirt, taken three feet
above the bedrock, yielded $95 to the pan.
The gold is of a fine quality. The pay
streak Is about eighty feet from the sur
face and is about seven feet high. Old
miners assert that the lead continues on
for miles. The shaft was first started
by CTiarles Nickerson and other guards
working at the prison, but for want of
sufficient money the mine was abandoned
when but a few feet from where the
strike was made. The new company is
composed mostly of residents of Oakland,
James Burnham, president; John A. Brit
ton, secretary, and William Pearson, the
principal owners residing there.
Palling Tree Kills a Boy.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 21.— Ben Barnes,
the son of W. P. Barnes, .a pioneer
farmer, was crushed to death by a falling
tree this morning at his ranch near Ful
ton. Perry Barnes, the dead boy's
brother, was seriously injured.
More Stenographers Wanted.
When the habeas corpus case of Wil
lirm B. Hensley was called before Judge
Cook yesterday Howard Vernon, Police
Court stenographer, stated that owing ;o
the pressure of business in the Police
courts he had been unable to get the rec
ord ready. The Judge expressed his dis
satisfaction and cointed out that under
the State law the remedy lay with the
Police Judges, as they were authorized
to appoint a stenographer whenever nec
essary. The case was continued for a
week to enable Vernon to write up the
record. There is an appropriation for an
additional stenographer in the Police
courts, but Mayor Phelan for some rea
son will not make the appointment.
Debate at Girls' High School.
A Rebate between the Commercial
Evening Debating Society and the Vaca
ville High School will he held under the.
auspicate of the Debating League of Cali
fornia, commencing at 8 o'clock of the
evening of November 23, in the auditor
ium of the Girls' High School. Following
is the complete programme:
Instrumental selection: debate.queetlon— "Re
solved, That the Annexation of the Philippine
Island* is a Detriment to the United States,"
affirmative. C. E. D. S— David E. Marchus, E.
J. Rlelly and R. S. Lawlor; negative, V. H. S.—
Hugh Buckingham. Jourdan Hayte and Joseph
Koford; vocal solo. Master Melvellie Calish; de
cision of judges ; "Star Spangled Banner. "
Paton Wants Property Back.
The trial of the suit to set aside a deed
instituted by John H. Paton against Su
sanna Paton, his wife, and her niece,
Minnie S. Nichols, was commenced in
Judge Sea well's court yesterday. Paton
deeded a house and lot on Shotwell street,
near Twentieth, to his wife, who, in turn,
deeded it to her niece. Paton now wants
the deed set aside, claiming that he deed
ed it to his wife with the understanding
that she was to keep it in her name.
Southern Pacific Is Sued.
Johanna McHenry, administratrix of
the estate of Morris McHenry, her hus
band, who was killed by being thrown
from a wagon which was run into by a
train In June, 1900, filed a suit for $25,000
damages yesterday against the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company. McHenry was
killed at Sixth and Townsend streets, his
widow claims, through the carelessness
of the employes of the railroad company.
Recommend New Fire Houses.
The Supervisors' Fire Committee yes
terday recommended tiiat an ordinance
be introduced declaring that public Inter
est and necessity demand the construc
tion and improvement of fire houses. The
Fire Commission recommended improve
ments aggregating $350 000.
Board of Education Restrained.
Judge Dunne yesterday issued a writ
of prohibition returnable before Judge
Hunt December 6, 1901, restraining the
Board of Education from suspending
Mary C. McKinney, a school teacher,
against whom charges have been pre
ferred by Principal Albert Lyser of the
Sherman Grammar School, until after she
has been tried by the board.
Charles Fair's New Automobile.
Customs Broker J. H. Boden passed
thiough the Custom-house yesterday for
Charles 1,. Fair one of the most expen
sive automobiles that ever came to this
port. It is of twenty horsepower and wao
made in France, its cost, landed here, ag
gregating $11,000. The duty paid was $2839.
Ekberg Murder Case.
John T. Riley, charged with the murder
of Otto M. Ekberg, appeared in Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday. He was in
structed as to his rights, and as no com
plaint was on file the case was continued
till November 29. Riley was represented
by Attorney Thomas O'Connor.
DETROIT, Mich.. Nov. 21.— Fire which broke
out In the Whltno* Grand Opera-house shortly
before noon to-day did $10, WO damage.
the san Francisco call, Friday, November 22, 1901.
Amazing Plot to Seize Cities and Mines
Revealed by Secret Order's Papers.
Officials of the Canadian Government and passengers from the Yukon region who arrived
from the north yesterday furnish complete confirmation of the story published exclusively in The Call
last Sunday concerning the gigantic conspiracy which had been hatched to overthroiv the existing gov
ernment in the Northwest Territory and establish a new republic. Ringleaders have made confes
sions, documents have been seised and officers are nozv on the way to Ottawa to explain to the govern
ment the details of a plot that has no parallel in the history of the % West since the celebrated Riel
rebellion.
Alert Officials Find
the Traces of
Plotters.
SEATTLE, Nov. 21.— 0f all the old
dreams of empire since the days
of Louis Riel, that concocted by
a band of plotters scattered along
the valley of the Yukon from the
Upper Lakes to Circle City is
probably the most extraordinary yet re
corded. A few days ago The San Fran
cisco Call published exclusively the story
of the exposure of the conspiracy at
Skagway and of the hurried measures
that were taken by both the Canadian
ani American officials to thwart the
scheme of the plotters to make of tfie
Yukon and Northwest Territory a repub
lic.
This remarkable story was discovered at
the time by persons claiming to be in
formed concerning Alaskan matters. The
Call correspondent here has, however, se
cured absolutely authentic information,
which completely corroborates the tirst
story of tne plot to overthrow British
authority in the great gold tileds of the
lukon. The Jameson raid in South Af
rica was not more daring or reckless in
its conception than the general plan of
malcontents and ambitious men in the
YuK.Oll country to seize the sources of
power and authority in the country, for,
depending on the rigors of an Alaskan
winter, tney planned to set up a repub
lican form, oi government and fortify
themselves against invasion from either
British Columbia or Canada.
Documents of Conspirators.
Proof that such a conspiracy existed is
furnished in documents which were ob
tained from one of the ringleaders in the
plot. The organization was formed in
.December, 1900, at Dawson. Its headquar
ters for months last summer was at
Skagway. It was called "The Order of
me Miunight Sun." Its members took
a hair-raising oath to reveal none of its
secrets. Death was the penalty for vio
lation of this oath. It might have suc
ceeded temporarily, as did Kiel when he
invaded the Nortnwest Territory with a
band of half-breeds. But the members
of the conspiracy lacked the requisite
nerve.
A vision of power and affluence, of
golden wealth stored in the government
ofhees in Dawson and other places in
the great Yutcon Valley of authority over
the richest placers in the world's history
for at least a brief period animated the
minds and strengthened the nerves of
the men who tirst formed the nucleus
of the secret organization. The uprising
would probably, in the belief of the lead
ers, have been temporarily successful be
cause of the fact that the Dominion Gov
ernment had abandoned the precautionary
measures it took several years ago to
prevent Just this sort of thing.
Skagway was the headquarters of the
conspirators. Fred Clark, for three years
stage manager of the Seattle Theater, who
went to the Klondike in 1898, was-the ring
leader at Skagway. He was run out of
the country by secret service men in
employ of the Dominion Government. He
is here now and confesses to his part of
the plot. He had charge of the records ot
"the Order of the Midnight Sun." Clark
makes no defense further than to say
that the miners in the Yukon are horribly
oppressed by the Dominion Government.
Plotters Along the Yukon.
Copies of the records of the organiza
tion have been secured. These tend to
show that a systematic agitation was
started in December last along the valley
of the Yukon. The first camp of the order
was organized In Dawson in 1900. Follow
ing this came the organization of local
lodges at White Horse, Hootalinqua, Ben
nett, Circle City and Atlln. Later the
Skagway camp was organized. More than
2000 men are members of the organiza
tion. >
Early last spring the Dawson camp is
sued a manifesto, which was circulated
up and down the valley of the Yukon in
British Territory. It contained a state
ment of grievances. These may be enu
merated as follows:
"Defective mining- laws; corruption in
office; excessive taxes on mining, includ
ing 10 per cent royalty on placer gold and
5 per cent on quartz; unlicensed gam
bling In the Territory; the revenue from
which goes to officials In power; leasing
of Government mineral and timber lands
to corporations only; absence of a lieu
law and general maladministration of jus
tice in the courts; foolish legislation, in
cluding the alien law, inimical to the
NOVEL DISPOSAL
OF BIG LAWSUIT
Counsel Take It From a
Jury and Submit It
to Judge.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Nov. 21.— The suit of
Herbert W. Pearson against President J.
J. Hill of the Great Northern Railroad
for $1,500,000 alleged to be dije for loca
tion of immense coal fields for the rail
way company was called for a second
trial to-day. The first trial resulted in a
disagreement. To-day it was expected
that another long trial would begin, but
counsel after a conference agreed to sub
mit the case to Judge Kelly on th# testi
mony taken at the former trial and on
briefs to be filed alternately.
Pearson, a man interested in scientific
matters, claimed to have located in the
West extensive areas of coal fields for
the railway company and that he had
not been paid as agreed. The amount of
coal he claims to have discovered for the
railway company aggregates nearly 100,
00,000 tons.
It is exceptional that a case of such
importance is thus withdrawn from a jury
and submitted to a Judge who is to pass
both upon the law and the evidence.
The difficulty of bringing scientific and
abstruse questions before a jury, the great
expense of such a trial and the time re
quired moved the attorneys on both sides
to submit the case to Judge Kelly as ar
bitrator, and briefs embodying contention
on legal points will be prepared.
CITY OF MEXICO. Nov. 21.— Jose del
Collado, manager of the National Bank
of Mexico, died here to-day, aged 71 years.
He was a native of Spain and long iden
tified with philanthropic work in this city.
Plans to Loot Mines
After the Fall of
Dawson.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 21.— Ther«
was an organized conspiracy to
seize Dawson. secure the bar
racks of the Northwest mounted
police with their arms and am
munition, loot the banks and pil
lage the metropolis of the rich northern
gold fields.
James Seely, formerly of this city, and
now head of the secret service of the
Northwest Mounted Police, is now here,
and he says that not only was there a
conspiracy to overthrow Canadian rule in
the Yukon and loot Dawson but in*
scheme hatched by the conspirators for
the project was a very feasible one, a^a
had its existence not ieen discovered by
the members of the secret service of the
Yukon and nipped in the bud, the raiders
could have accomplished their purpose,
and after taking Dawsun they could have
held that place and the Yukon for six
weeks or two months, but by then they
would be overwhelmed and each man or ,
the raiders would be a tugitive from the
avengers.
Pro-Boers Were Wanted.
The conspiracy' was born at Dawson,
and it had a branch at Skagway, but had
no existence in any other point to tne
south of Skagway, although efforts were
made to secure the assistance of pro-
Boer sympathizers in Seattle and other
points in the United States.
The plot was mado last summer, bev
eral American Fenians who had drifted
to Dawson got togethpr and formed an
organization which was called T.ie
Order of the Midnight Sun." A number
of cranks and pro-Boers, haters of Brt
ish rule, and others were gathered in, ana
the order grew until there were nearly a
thousand adherents Ir. September, when
the members of the secret service officials
in the Yukon became aware of its exi»t
"seely declines to give particulars of
those affiliated with the scheme, but it
is learned that a notec". Fenian of Chicago
went into Dawson to take charge of the
scheme and delegates were sent to Skag
way to form a branch of the order there.
In "Skagway the order grew apace with
over 500 adherents to the projected raid
in the north.
Seizure of Police Posts.
It was decided to act as soon as the
Yukon was cosed to travel, and had not
the police of the north checkmated the
pi it the raiders had lull plans whereby
the Dawson conspirators were to rise at
a signal and eeize the barracks of the
Northwest mounted police while the
Skagway detachment were to march in
anl seize the mounted police posts along
the Yukon trail, having first cut the
through wire to enable them to surprise
post after post.
As there are but 250 all told in the com
plement of Northwest mounted police in
the Yukon and these are widely sepa
rated, none being left at the barracks at
Dawson. Seely says the scheme was re
garded by the authorities as an easy one.
Having surprised the small force in Daw
son, the programme was to seize the
arms, Maxims, carbines, ammunition and
other weapons of war and thus have
Dawson at their mercy. Then the banks
were to be looted and the rich mines of
t.ie creeks contiguous to Dawson raided
by detachments of the conspirators. For
three or four weeks they expected to be
in charge of Dawson. having disposed of
tne Northwest mounted police and confi
dent that troops could not reach them
over the Ice for at least six weeks and
the whole place would be pillaged, and.
with the treasure thus secured, they
wouJ3 then make their escape.
Americans; excessive duty on all kinds of
miners' supplies; boundary line dispute.
"The seeming unwillingness of the Brit
ish Columbian Government to meet the
United States Government half way in the
boundary line dispute is a condition which
grows worse and more acute with time
and will eventually cause trouble, perhaps
war, unless attended to at once. At pres
ent capital hesitateß to invest in this dis
puted district and the development of the
country Is retarded thereby. We pledge
ourselves if successful in this undertaking
to send a delegation to Washington. D. C,
at the earliest possible opportunity to the
end that the boundary may be permanent
ly fixed."
Death Among Penalties.
The above is an abstract of the declar
ation of grievances issued by the head
quarters of the insurrectionists in March
last and which was used in secret along
GAS PREVENTS
SEARCH OF MINE
A General Belief Exists
That Death Roll Is
Incomplete.
TELIATRIDE, Colo., Nov. 21.— The de
velopments to-day In the Smuggrler-Union
mine disaster have not helped to remove
the doubt as to the number of victims,
and at a late hour to-night it seems un
likely that the exact number will be
known for several hours. As yet the list
remains the same as last night, twenty
two dead and one in a precarious condi
tion from inhaling the deadly gas and
smoke drawn into ihe mine from the burn
ing buildings about the mouth of the Bul»
lion tunnel. It is possible that a search
of the ninth level, which is still in part
inaccessible on account of the gas, will
reveal the bodies of other victims, but a
party headed by Superintendent Edgar
Collins this afternoon went through all
the other portions of the mine and found
no more bodies. The unexplored portion
of the ninth level is about 500 feet in
length. It will not be safe to enter this
part of the drift before to-morrow morn
ing, and perhaps much later.
Superintendent Collins said to-night that
he did not believe the death roll would be
increased by more than one or two, and
possibly not at all. It is said two or three
men are missing, but it is not certain, as
the men are mostly foreigners and many
of them did not report after making their
escape from the mine. It was only by
the most careful searching that many of
the survivors were located. The work of
clearing away the debris of the burned
buildings and repairing the tramway has
already begun, but it is said that it will
be some time before the mine can be re
opened.
Report Is on the Way
to Authorities
at Ottawa.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Nov. 21.-A
Canadian government official
to-day fully confirmed the story
of the conspiracy against the
government of the Yukon, as
published in The San Francisco
Call last Sunday, and added
several important details to the state
ment of affairs in the North.
The official is E. S. Busby, Supervising
Canadian Customs Officer at Skagway,
who not only made a special investigation
of the conspiracy during the last three
weeks, but is the bearer of a report on
the whole question to the authorities at
Ottawa. The matter will now be placed
be * or( L the Government officially.
Busby arrived here to-day by the
steamer Amur. He is one of the most
xf ?! offlc e r s of the Government in the
JNorth and has on several occasions pre
pared important reports. A month ago
he wrote to a friend in Vancouver that
,he would at once come down here on a
holiday. A few days later he wired that
he was delayed for three weeks in mak
ing a special investigation.
When he arrived in Vancouver to-day
Busby expressed great surprise that the
story had been published regarding the
Northern conspiracy. He admitted that
this was the special business regarding
which he had been detained. Busby says
that it was one of the features of the plan
of conspiracy to bring a large number of
men up from Seattle who were opposed to
the Canadian Government and its rule in
the Yukon, and to have them assist in the
fight to be made against the mounted
police. It was the intention to ship" in
rlnes and money was subscribed for this
purpose. The officials obtained wind of
this, and because of their extreme vigi
lance they are certain that no guns
passed through and that this part of the
programme was never fulfilled.
Another scheme included in the general
plan was to rob various banks in White
Horse as well as in Dawson. These are
not usually well guarded and the idea
was to obtain the money for the Boers in
South Africa. But so far none of these
schemes were acted upon and nothing
was done, for the officials watched care
fully all the time.
Other passengers coming by the same
steamer to-day agree that an attempt
was made to carry out the conspiracy.
Two men opened offices in Skagway in
the summer, and from there they ob
tained subscriptions from American resi
dents for the carrying out of the scheme.
One of these men came to Seattle and
did missionary work there in the revolu
tionist cause.
the Upper Yukon to obtain converts to
the new propaganda.
Copies of the oaths required of new
members of the order are now in the
possession of The Call correspondent. Be
fore a man was taken into the order he
was thoroughly sounded by its agents
regarding his feeling toward the existing
government. If he expressed bitterness
he was encouraged. Finally if, after in
vestigation, he was reported of good
nerve, he was invited to Join the order.
The preliminary oath bound the novice
to not divulge the names of other mem
bers of the organization nor disclose its
purpose. He swore also to be loyal to
the proposed new government. In the sec
ond oath the novitiate swore to defend
the cause and render it every aid and
under any circumstances to defend fellow
members if called on. It was plainly
stated in these oaths that death would be
the penalty for violation thereof.
AVith the circulation of the declaration
of grievances in the Upper Yukon Valley
many new members were added to the
organization. Two months ago the Cana
dian mounted police became aware that
something was wrong and this "led the
ringleaders to establish a junta at Skag
way. Fred Clark was placed in charge
Clark conducted the business of organi
zation unmoltested for three months He
confesses that he was watched by secret
service men and that his mail was inter
cepted by the authorities. Still no action
was taken until the meeting in Skagway
November 5, between Captain Corrigari
of the Canadian mounted police and
Judge Brown, United States Attorney
Friedrich, Marshal Shoup and Major Ho
vey. Clark got wind of this meeting and
left Skagway by the first boat.
A few days prior to his departure Clark
took from his safe in a store in Skagway
the records of the order. He had pre
viously issued an addr«sa to the mer
chants of Skagway, which was circulated
in secret, promising them that if they
subscribed to the fund of "The Order
of the Midnight Sun" they would gain
much in trade by the reduction in the
duty on American goods. By this means
the organization obtained considerable
following in Skagway.
The plotters aimed to ape Jameson in
South Africa. The money did not come
fast enough and the Canadian police be
came aware of their plans, with the con
sequent exposure..
I Portion ° Laborl
¦ A \ftudyof ff^™^™"™
I An American Qirt. I
I, HIS is the strongest novel that Miss Wilkins has written.
* It is of her own field— New England It tells the love
story of a young and attractive American girl in a small manu-
facturing town. Dramatic, vivid and real. On* of the great
books of * the year. ' ; : . ¦ .
illustrated, $1.50
. " '. .•. • - . , ¦ * -¦¦-.' , ¦ .
«, .• .- ¦• • -"~" : ~ . <••'¦.-. :: — ''¦¦'.." - v j
F^ua k ie n Harper & Brothers NNtc £ tt Y y ork
POOR MEMORY
AIDS PRISONER
Forger Receives Light
Sentence Because,
Forgotten.
VALLEJO, Nov. 21.— Two weeks ago
Constable Downing of Suisun arrested
Henry Schmidt on a charge of having
forged the name of a Suisun Valley
rancher to a check for $40. When the case
was called in the Superior Court the de
fendant pleaded guilty and was sentenced
to five years in Folsom Prison.
Since his conviction it has been discov
ered that Schmidt was no other than
Henry Borchers, a marine, who passed
a forged check on a firm in this city a
year ago and for which crime he was
sent to San Quentin for one year. Upon
his release from San Quentin Borchers
went to Suisun, where he secured em
ployment as a porter at the Arlington
Hotel.
The amusing feature of the case ts that
none of the officers recognized Borchers,
although Deputy Sheriff Robinson had
taken him to San Quentin on his first
sentence. Had his identity become known
before his sentence was pronounced
Schmidt or Borchers would have had
about ten years added to his imprison
ment.
EOT FINDS FATHER
DEAD IN THE CABIN
Two Old Men Drink Wood Alcohol,
Presumably by Mistake,
and Are Killed.
MONTEREY, Nov. 21.— News has just
reached here from Point Sur of the death
of "Jack" Howland and "Sam" Radcliff,
two prominent pioneers of the Sur dis
trict.
Charles Howland of Monterey, son of
one of the men, went to see his father
on Monday last and upon reaching the
cabin found both lying dead. An empty
bottle that had contained wood alcohol
stood on the table beside them. Yjungr
Howland believes they had been dead for
at least forty-eight hours when he found
them.
The two men were partners in ranch
ing and cattle raising and lived alone on
Howland's land. They came to Monterey
la.st Friday on business and while here
bought the wood alcohol to make shel
lac, they told the druggist who sold it.
They were drinking pretty heavily when
they left Monterey and probably drank
the wood alcohol by mistake. Howland
was in his eighty-first year and Radcliff
was about 65 years old. They leave con
siderable property.
CHEMICALS THE CAUSE
OF DISASTBOXTS FIBE
Storerooms of a Wholesale Drug Com
pany in Los Angeles Are
Destroyed.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. a.— Fire com
pletely gutted the storerooms of the West
ern Wholesale Drug Company at 254 South
Main street early to-< Jay. It is believed
that the fire' caught in the warehouse in
the rear, where quantities of combustible
chemicals were stored. The firemen suc
ceeded in confining the flames to the
building and saved the adjoining property.
The building is estimated to be worth
J50.000, on which a loss of about 525.000
was sustained, fully covered by insur
ance. The drug company is incorporated
for $250,000 and carried about $150,000
worth of stock, all of which was de
stroyed. The insurance on the stock
amounts to $100,000.
POWDEB IJFTS THEM
BUT THEY LAND TJNHUHT
Miners Are Hurled I Air by an Ex
plosion and Escape Without
Injury.
GRASS VALLEY, Nov. 21.— News of a
remarkable escape from death has. just
reached here. Two miners, Samuel Rose
Warren and Frank Camper, were blown
up in the Gold Bank mine at Forbestown
and were not even slightly injured. The
men were laying sills for cars when six
sticks of giant powder in a hole which
hung fire hours before went off beneath
them, hurling the men into the air. One
was thrown ten feet and landed on his
back. The other was hurled against a
wall, while rocks and flying debris rained
down on all sides. Neither received even
a scratch.
Boilermakers Go on Strike.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 21.—Boiler
makers employed by the Albion Iron
Works Company went on a strike here to
day, refusing to work more than eight
hours a day on the steamer City of To
peka, which the company is repairing.
They claim that the steamer, being an
American vessel, they have to abide by
the rule of the American association for
eight hours on outside work. Men were
secured to take their places and the firm
says It will have the steamer out within
the time prescribed in the contract.
Find Him Wrecking Furniture.
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 21.— The Rev.
Peter Grant, a prominent resident of this
city, was taken charge of by the authori
ties to-day and charged with insanity.
When the officers reached his residence at
2 a. m. he had been wrecking the furni
ture. He has ben a resident of Santa Bar
bara for many years and is well known
throughout Southern California. He will
be taken to Highlands this afternoon.
CRIME BAFFLES
THE DETECTIVES
Authorities All at Sea
Over the Wilcox
Tragedy.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 21.— 1t ts now the
third day since the murder of the- WHcox
family at Downey was discovered and
the authorities are still searching for a
clew to the perpetrator of the crime
even a probable motive has been dlacov
ered.
Although no money nor valuables, were
found in the house of the murdered man,
he is supposed to have had money
by, but where he kept it no one knows.
Sheriff Hammel is working on th& the
ory that some of the former associates of
Wilcox knew of his having money. Other
theories explaining the crime are being
carefully worked out in the hope of solv
ing the mystery.
The farmhand who it is expected may
have some information has be«n located
at Randsburgr. He is not suapected of
any complicity In the crime.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TBE CHILDREN AT CHRISTMAS WILL
BE DELIGHTED WITH 018
DOLL CARRIAGES.
This year we have excelled all for-
mer efforts and exhibit a very exten-
rive line of really beautiful designs
from SI 50 to $5 00. Call any time
now. We are ready to show them to
you.
COULTER'S RATTAN WORKS
27 SUTTER STREET.
SPECIAL SALE
UPHOLSTERED
FUDNITVBE.
25 % Discount
On Upholstered Parlor Suits,
Odd Chairs, Sofas, Rockers, etc.
Chas. M. Plum & Co.,
1301-1307 Market Street,
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
Hamlmrg Bremen Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY ON THE SIS?
day of December, A. D. 1900, and for th*
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and «11 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all. Stock* '¦> ¦¦'¦¦ %,
and Bonds owned by Company.... $1,299 338 23
Amount of Loans secured by pledga - ' ;* ;
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable, securities aa collateral as, 000 04
Cash in =• BBank s V;..»;..•;.......;.. •»;..•;.......;.. ;..v.v.~ VML72VM
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 123,834 94
Total Assets .$1,588,373 S3
- : LIABILITIES, ~~ "
Losses adjusted and unpaid .......... $12.445 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 13.953 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 16,000 *>
Gross p^miums on Fire Risks run- .•
ning oue year or less, $366,134 95; -"
reinsurance 50 per cent ..;..¦ 483,097 a
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- ;
ning more * than one year. $940.-
721 81: reinsurance pro rata 507,327*7
. Commissions and Brokerage due and ' ' ->
to become due'VT. ..;..'.. 34,049 *>
Total Liabilities '187,394 94
INCOME. ===
Net cash actually received for Flr» •>.
premiums H. 314.009 a
Received for interest and dividends •
on Bonds, Stocks. : Loans and from
all other sources 53,320 S3 J
Total Income $1,367,930 41 —
*¦ . EXPENDITURES. ~ ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $98,369 18.' losses of previous ' "
. years) ;... 1794.198 (3
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage „. 254,583 87
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other ' - -
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 113 111 2S
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 40,979 41
All other-payments and expenditures. 94.375 73
Total Expenditures 11.291.347 SO
Fire"
Losses Incurred during the year..... .$733,333 83
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ' ~~".
written during the ¦ 1
year ••••"-• r $132,442,173 $1,110. 708 «0
Net amount of Risks
expired daring: the
year 112.419.552 1,330 77
Net amount In force
December SI. 1900.... 1 156.180.253 1.906. 76
. F. O. AFFELD. Resident Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this stli
day; of February. lfloi;
> CHARLES EDGAR MILLS.
Commissioner for California in New York.
RUDOLPH ~HEROLO Jr., a,
Ceneral Agent. if
HARRY C. BOYD,
Assistant Ceneral Agent,
415 CALIFORNIA STREET,
San Francisco. CaJ.SERVIA OFFICIALLY DENIES
STORIES ABOUT QUEEN DRAGA
It Is Asserted That After Being Slapped on the Face by King Alex
ander She Swallowed Poison, but Her Life Is Saved.
MONUMENT FUND
GROWS RAPIDLY
Report of the Executive
Committee Shows
Progress.
CLEVELAND. 0., Nov. 21.— The execu
tive committee of the McKinley National
Monument Association, after a lengthy
session to-day at the office of Senator
Hanna, issued the following statement:
At a meeting 1 of the executive committee of
the McKinley National Memorial Association
held in Cleveland to-day the secretary, Ryer
son Ritchie, submitted reports from many
States of the Union showing gratifying progress,
and that the appeal to the people to provide
funds for a memorial at Canton Is meeting with
very general and hearty response. A plan for
future work was outlined, and the same will
be pushed vigorously to completion. Reports
received Indicate that auxiliary organizations
have already been perfected in nearly all
States of the Union.
The expression of sentiment from every quar
ter of the country indicates that the people de
eire to make the erection of a monument at
the home of President MeKinley their first
duty, a* it Is well known he often expressed to
his family and friends his desire to be buried
t Canton, where already repose the remains
cf his children and where his beloved wife will
rest when she has departed this life. In defer
ence to this sentiment, as well as to the pro
priety of the occasion, as evidenced in the
monuments provided for the lamented Lincoln
and Garfield, It will be the purpose of the as
foclatlcn to carry forward the work of provid
ing for such a memorial at his home. Should
more funds be subscribed than are necessary
for the purpose of erecting a memorial com
latlble with the dignity and simplicity of the
late President's life and character, any sur
plus will be devoted to a national memorial at
Washington.
A letter from Secretary Gage, treasurer of
the Washington Arch Association, to Senator'
Two Views of
The Latest Hat.
This is the Pan-Tourist— New York's newest idea in head-wear
•or dressy men. It has the latest dip effect in front, with wide
band, medium hisrh crown, good width of brim, with felt turned-
over edge with heavy roll. This hat comes in black and pearl
and is the best all-round American hat of to-day, equally desirable
fo r street driving, touring or business. As stylish as it is useful.
$3.00.
Another absolutely new hat is a novelty-shaped Fedora, in
black and pearl. Has raw edge, wide band and heavily flanged
brim- new dip effect in front; stylish and snappy. One of to- 1
day's most popular hats for young men especially; a regular $2.50
hat.
$2.25.
SAN FRANCISCO, \ lO°B-1330 I OAKLAND, 1 157- 1 159 st.
SAN FEANCISCO, marke r tT. I UAH-AMP, Washington st.
GALWAY HONORS
BOER WAR HERO
Elects Colonel Lynch to
a Seat in British
Parliament.
DUBLIN, Nov. 21.— The election to-day
in the Parliamentary contest in Galway
between Colonel Arthur Lynch, who
fought as a colonel in the Boer army, and
Horace Plunkett, Unionist, resulted in a
victory for the former by the following
figures: Lynch, 1247; Plunkett, 473.
On the whole the polling was conducted
with comparative orderliness. A large ad
ditional force of police prevented numer
ous street scrimmages, which were the
outcome of drunkenness, from developing
seriously. Women were conspicuous In
these affairs and many of them were ar
rested.
In the event of Colonel Lynch's election
being quashed on the ground that he is a
traitor, Plunkett says he will decline to
take the seat thus reverting to him, de
claring that he will be returned straight
or not at all. Colonel Lynch's friends
seem satisfied that Plunkett will attempt
to take the seat.
Hanna, was laid before the committee, but the
questions involved in the communication were
referred to the board of trustees at their meet
ing, to be held at Washington. December 7,
when It is hoped that any possible differences
may be adjusted. It was the sentiment of the
members of the committee present that pro
vision for a suitable memorial at Canton was
the first duty to be performed.
This purpose is believed to be In accordance
with the wishes of the family and near per
sonal friends of the President.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1901.
VIENNA, Nov. 21.— An
official Servian statement
declares there is abso
lutely no foundation in
the reports that Queen Draga has
been shot at or that she has com
mitted suicide.
LONDON, Nov. 21.— A spe
cial from Budapest to-day says
a newspaper there asserts that
Queen Draga and King Alexan
der of Servia recently quarreled
and the King slapped the
Queen's face. The latter there
upon drank poison, but her life
was saved by physicians.
ROYAL COUPLE WHOSE QUAR
RELS HAVE FURNISHED
MANY SENSATIONS.
ATTEMPT TO KILL
GREEK PREMIER
Several Shots Are Fired
at Him but Without
Effect.
ATHENS, Nov. 21.— The agitation
against the proposal to translate the
gospels into modern Greek was continued
to-day.
Twenty thousand persons assembled
around the ruins in the Temple of Jupiter
Olympus and took part in a demonstra
tion organized by the students. A reso
lution was passed calling on the Holy
Synod to excommunicate any person who
translated the gospels i*ito Greek as now
spoken. Eight hundred marines were
landed and co-operateO with the troops In
patrolling the locality. Several collisions
occurred, and occasional shots were fired
The students still hold the university
buildings.
During the demonstrations following
the assemblage several shots were fired
at M. Theotokis, the Gieek Premier, but
without effect.
During the encounters between the mil
itary and the turbulent demonstrators
seven persons were killed, thirty were
severely and many others were slightly
wounded.
Great excitement prevails to-night.
Strong military detachments guard the
palace and the residence of the Premier.
Everywhere anxious gTOupa are discuss
ing the situation.
Heartrending scenes occurred when the
bodies of the dead were handed over to
their relatives.
It is reported that armed men have ar
rived at the university, but the building
is still guarded by the students, who are
adopting military discipline.
Opposition Deputies parade the streets
during the day, exciting tne rioters by
violent language.
There were no further disturbances dur
ing the evening, but ,It Is feared that
there will be a renewal of disorders to
morrow.
Among those slightly Injured are the
Prefect of Police of Athens and the Pre
fect of Attica.
Bain Benefits Short Grass.
SALINAS, Nov. 21.— Last evening a
heavy fog rolled in from the ocean and*
at 10 o'clock developed into a steady rain.
The rainfall for the storm was .14 of an
inch and for the season 1.44. No damage
is reported.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 21.— The rainfall last
night amounted to .22 of an inch, making
a total of 2 inches for the season. In the
foothills the precipitation was much
heavier. The sky is still overcast, the
weather is warm and more rain Is ex
pected. It will be welcomed, for the grass
is short and the farmers feel the need
of it.
Appointments in the Navy.
•WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— The Presi
dent to-day announced the following ap
pointments in the navy: Remus C. Pear
son, medical director, rank of captain:
Edward H. Green, medical inspector, rank
of commander; Charles A. Crawford,
passed assistant surgeon, rank of lieuten
ant. Junior grade: Dominick Glynn, chief
boatswain, rank with but after ensign.
SUMMER RATES in effect at Hotel del Coro
nado until December 1. Ticket to Coronado
and return, including 15 days' board and room,
$60. Inquire at 4 New Montgomery at.
THE EMPORITTM.
AT :•--«- -. .-¦ .y ¦• .':.''-.'¦ ; ' '«•• • •.¦..'¦ 4" :., • — ¦ '¦ ' H
£ The Doll Show. rkkm in ' gUB^^B^MBIM M * mas Publications. ~
| habitants, houses ttah,, wagons i'p"^' GalifornJ^ L^CSt- * W'JM Christmas Book Bul'etin: — Hundreds of tt!« 1
g ¦ farms, etc. A wonderful mechani- JP* . • ; " AUVCPICacS (JradVuCSt OtOPC. "^- and prices of books suitable for holiday gifts. •{
l-t^SM^^l »25 *« »55 Market St.. San Francisco 'SLgß^JggSL I****'1 ****' |
I ¦ iZ£r%Z Shoe Sale. • ft"?™"* *?*???• Overcoats— P l^A
5 ¦' ' . ' ¦ . . Another lot of that fine quality, hand-milled, - • . r 'T^ ji
%i n 1 JFhEf=> Ladies' Shoes in nicely scented Buttermilk Soap, which if Men's $15.00 Yoke Overcoats $10.43 if
i W#^«3i tfnSs¥l£i sizes from 2}i to 5 bought in the regular way would have to Stylish loose-back garments, cue ex- i!2^ *J
* \*— [| MmPrfl are the shoe dealers' J bnng twice • to-day . special price for Friday tra long, made with yoke front and broad- * f%>Js 5
Er l . I A MfihUJi'. bugbear. Of •course, all «>' "«J J™ dozen cakes 2C chested effect; . very stylish garment in high ;j£f %
* -fl f4«A^AS^fes^ Bizcs have t0 be Carried in ' * * ' * :> * favor with good dressers; the fabrics are ox- -fXtgC $
*£ r^vf'iJß| MfTfeyß. 2^^^ stock— the avenge sizes sell * mm ~ ford gray cheviots, gray mixtures with in- f\ r »\ "**
\ lor >Mk? y^J^-" T^yv out first » leav!n s the sma " ° nes - the Littuor Sale visible "? ; p m of blue and r = d » and^y »« / u^^ L*J\ «
Jf KS*ijra&*dfcL^/<S^nf We "have gathered together about #A«« CmmSmM^ ' *" S " gC ! ' ned; re ? ular $i5-°o values, / 'lP^pj\ j»
i or \hKsP y^j^'^>^r g out first lines of shoes that were the Littwoi* Sale specially reduced until closing > time Saturday / c-£ ]^ \.X
KjlJMtd^^^P We have gathered together about *¦ _. . _ all serge lined; regular $ 15.00 values, / 7""*
'\'^ m i * 6 different lines of shoes that were #O#" r rftt&Jf. specially reduced until closing time Saturday / »^ ]_. \
Rr a, ¦.. , MU •* ' JSa.oo, $2.50, $3.00 and $3.50— Bourbon WhisKcv— H. B. Hilbert ""gnt, to make lively business in the Cloth- V^^V- *=^fv '«
I n'^ a 9.a 9. "^" $10.45 \1A r I
If soles, others with Goodyear welted soles: but «CW York Boiled Cider — Mott S, Fri- n ov -f c» qq TwO-PICCC SvftS $2.48 « I 5
5 they all run in sizes from iy 2 to 5 and widths Ato C day only, bottle 250 S res in h t II S
$ only, so we've marked them for special sale Friday and gUUW Thome's Gin— Thome & Son's Lon- /M^ zesiorDoys 9to I
a? Saturday at a closing-out price that wouldn't pay for the I/*.' I 1^ nut«u -t« /-<• • k^S 15 years; neat II %
1 making of a single pair , fe don O:d Tom Gin, purity guaran- double - breasted Jacket, \ -«
J of them ...... a **£& 1 j&J&^ 1 teed, a regular i. oo bottle, special s^fs^ and Knee Pants » made \ %
*£ Boys' and Youths' Veal Ca'f Lacs Shoes- ffiF^sA Friday only 73c S^CM#^ good * nd Str ° . of a 1 1" ""Vft-J-^ 3»
ft in sizes I and 4 only; nearly 100 pairs that 6&' V*>< GuimiCSS' SlOUt— McMullen's white /Wfi^Tl W °°' materlals m many «y X
s were formerly marked at $1.50 and |i. 75, "*> bottling « d of *»• to n<r /&ff W ¦ " eW P atterns and c ° : ° - |X • 1
2 marked to close out Friday O O-» A bottling, Jnstead ot $2 V O per /jy k4 ings, an extra good 54.00 MM. %
* a and Saturday only .... &3>C CJ^ dozen ' to " da 7 $1.90 \}l& . Mil vllue i ***** Friday and "=rff^ .«
X y ~~*~ , .-¦... Bourbon Whiskey In Bulk — Kentucky W&J^j Satur-^« VfO -© "2
* — . .-_ . .  River Distillery, pure unadulterated r\. Q day • ?^"^ W » J
X _ _ __ . m - liquor, 4 years old, instead of $z. 50 A Blouse SaUor Suits $4.95— F0r J
* TimeiV Flannel S&le* per gallon, to-day. 51. 98 - U\L boys 3to io cars of *&> in heavy all- :j: j
$ ' *7 '.;¦;_: ' . , „ Fernet Branca— Genuine Italian bitters ) i ™°°\ ser g«— blue brown, red and fancy colors, 5
If A large lot of heavy Domct White Shaker Flannel — all at ,j »«„:- ___, •!„,»!, « f o/r I J handsomely trimmed with silk soutache braid, em- «
I that^e .ill had of it-a heavy weight closely woven, .^SSS^Lff gtt c " D^^ )UL SX^JSV^fiflT'Ss I
X nicely napped and fully 31 inches wide; the lowest price _ ims - # /5 H m $2.00 *^ "hei our rice •.. . • 9*+m3O !
V we ever sold th,s fabric for was iz^c a yard; « eAmcr ptcon or makin^ icon _ \
I to.daywec^rth.ssp.ca, purchase t0 ,.....tfC , i^g j*&**^_ ¦¦ GOO**. I
J ,  *_ Men s Merino Underwear —In natural gray, nice winter _ 3 .
IZfif* I felo Hasa 9f#» mm *.-m m 0* ¦• mm weight, well made and finished, non-shrinkable, each. . 75 Cl*
j 9UC LlSte ttOSe *tC. Children's SpeCialS Men's Derby Ribbed Wool Underwear-In a flesh color, good heavy J
7« A special purchase of 1800 pairs (all that we could get at the price) of GO3tS Oi*GSSBS weight for winter, a well finished garment, form-fitting, __ 2
ft Ladies' Imported Lace Lisle Hose, Hermsdorf black, high spliced ¦ • ' fT... "if"^*" each .'..... 77 C )
«? heels, double, soles, four very pretty up-to-date effects, usually sold at #*&*, Children s Cheviot Dresses, Men's Hosiery— A decided novelty in men's fancy stockings, all the *
JC 50c pair, are marked for special sale Friday only .• • • *&•£**, fs?& braid trimmed, ages 4to latest combinations of colors; the hose are ribbed from ankle __» 5
j£ ....................... mPUC iS&Mr * 4 $2,00 up, making them perfect fitting, pair , 2 5C %'
£ -' ¦' . ' . -•...... «S^^^lh Al| W ° o1 Dresses, navy, Men's Neckwe3r — A complete line of the latest novelties for winter; M
% a " f^Smdy red and brown, ages 4to Persian effects, stripes, figures, in all the season's fashionable _ " X
i : PWf, »4. • • .$2.50 shapes, each 50C J'
I SpaGl !^' S ? ar (* b 48 °' aR A :rS ; ;!?'S Men's Fedora Hats, I
* CJ4mt**&" s *)Zfi*T «I>^ 'Positively the best special in this ' f^b/W brown and red, ages 4. to M — - M *» — * S
i W^^Xfk^^^^^ Lf^\^^^-' for TWO Days. 38 Cm |
* (fe Wll KHWi Ha ? dsome S P achtei Scarfs / / „ k\ Long Melton CoatS) tan> w avM^«v« WWW«
* ?l W] IWMI//M, m , SIZCS IBx 3 6 ' 20X 3 6 i *N^ V WJ blue and red, ages 6to Friday and Saturday only we offer a nice, medium shape Black Fedora %
•f '«? \l\ WwStt/MtL lBx s*' 20X 54 inches; also shams j4j 4 .. . .$5.59 Hat in all — the quality that we sell regularly for o%f%*^_ j»
* UflWi \\ l^^^l 3nd ta^ C SqUar " '" tHe Same L/H Melton Cloth jackets, latest i *•* 5~ « just about half price .. . . '. . JOC }j
*£ »|'rBffi ¦ pretty effects, 32x32 inches; not WiL • effects and styles, ages 4 The manufacturer of these hats sent them out here by mistake— another 3*
5f '^S^a ,«^;iv >» *<r , n A m T f^X™ Ut T hat would **" di^" to X 4 • • .43.75 line had been ordered from him instead of these— rather than have -5
%' J,^ kindllFndavonlv 3re /iSfi LateSt ful! -' en th Tan X "- *«™ dipped back and pay »ore freight, he divided the price and you %
tf -^sjS^i.oo Kind iridayonly "«Plr sey Coats, ages 4to ,4, 4 .... $10.00 get the benefit to-day and Saturday. - S
i Crockery Closing Out of the Butter, 42 Cm A Notion List. |
If- Specials. Opera Gloves. The best creamery Butter ""™ Su P- t «— Jj *
$ Extra large Cake Plate-Shape as in picture; W {£ fi" st^"ty^renTsuTde^ ' that mOtiey Can buyiregU" Steel Bead El«tic Bclt^-Ncw shapes; each >J
I y^fev r ;^ r " c^ d rr in 8 > "» 16, 10 and 24 button lengths] lar size sc i uares ' to da y .$l.OO V
P y - % TT (Jouvin et Cie); formerly sold at $175, SqUareS, lOOay «n orodora - Back Combs-Each .. 250 5
I iM^mk^ar'Tict; 6o he;h c ; %£>£&?. |4 -°°^ r piir; s 5c ( Frida onl y 42 G Mt BUCkUS -" - de - nS " p-»; -» " f
S" i(»lr W - Ve^W offered to- __ _, .  . 250 °w
5V\ '«$ } WJ day at: . 41 C The colors of the above are: ¦ ¦ Sewing Machine Needles-3 for .. . .50 *
5 N3^^P!/ <ftrr^W Sk^Blue While - ' Sender ~~~ r ~ - ¦ ; Sewing Machine Oil-Bottle . ... .80 ?
J.... N^^/ ¦'¦• IPfiilFif Si?" Ye" 0 * Canary" Framed Pictures. 1 Hump Hooks and Eyes-Card .... 2%0 |
* Royal Blue Milk Pitchers P^Fl H? Tans - N e Ecm ' For Friday only, another assortment of those Curll " Irons, Nlckeed .. ••Wo M
f —Mottled gold decora- f \J] «X StraW . " popular fiber framed pictures; carefully selected All-Silk Frilled Garter Elastic— Yard . 250 %
V don, one - quart sire, <J ~ standard subjects; in three different sizes of Omo Dress Shields— "Odorless;" pair 250 *
X" 3JCi Bpecial J \^V\ /iMnnirfiirf Porto Rfosn frames; with pretty gilt ornamented edges and Black Mohajr Tubular Shoe Laces— 3 pr. 5o $
i *fO jy£P ''"POrted POHO Mean g rcguk P r 77 S c each, for . .*L UnenThre.d-zoo-yard«Barbours», P l 7^O *
$ ISO vsgzeazuv Cigars ..7 for 25C . . ... . . lOC Waterproof Dress Binding— Yard .. . tDo \
CHINESE EXCLUSION CONVENTION,
Continued From Page Two.
in the treaties of this country as consummated
with other nations that America has always
preserved what is known as "the favored na
tion clause"; and our commercial privileges
at the ports of the Orient are not dependent
upon the question as to how many there are
of them, or whether they shall at all come
here: but we are entitled now, under the '•fa
vored nation clause," to whatever privilege,
to whatever may be done or said, to all that
is given and proposed to be given to every
favored nation in the world, and all those
privileges extend to the treaties which may
be consummated in the future. So It is to
day that should England or Austria or Ger
many or Russia or any of those nations known
and enumerated among the great powers con
summate a treaty with China, giving especial
privileges to their citizens the United States
under the "favored nation clause" would
stand upon exactly the same plane and its cit
izens would be entitled to all those immuni
ties. It appears to me that that disposes en
tirely of the question as to whether corn
can be regulated with reference to the conduct
of this people and these United States when
they, clothed In their solemn majesty, seek
to protect themselves, their industries, their
farms, their magnificent achievements and
their labor.
In some ways our fortune Is our misfortune.
We are here looking out upon the seas. On
the opposite aide is a shore line; along the
coast and in the Interior four hundred millions
of Chinamen. It is the oldest etnDlre In the
world now as If stands. It may be that away
back In the distant time she had embassadors
at the court of Kameses when Moses left the
land of Egypt. And during the centuries she
has preserved her traditions and her prejudices
and even we find now that she has builded a
wall around her, and I say that If that wall
is sufficient to keep us out it should be suffi
cient to keep them in. (Applause.)
My friends, there is nothing I can say to
you with reference to your delegation in Con
gress. I believe that they will be true and
loyal to the cause of the American people, to
the industries of this great country. There
Is no danger of your delegation. They will
work honestly and truly, and I believe that
with the momentous questions that shall arise
in Congress this winter, that dealing with the
Philippines, the building of the Nicaragua
canal, the multitudinous questions which spring
upon a new and growing nation, yet above and
beyond them all predomlnently stands the re
enactment of an exclusion law. (Applause.)
And while I believe your committee will do
their duty yet I would suggest to them to
place no riders upon the bill; place no riders
upon your sentiment to-day. Let it be direct
and certain with reference to one point, with
reference to the re-enactment of an exclusion
law, and let the echo of your voices go out
upon that one question, even like unto the
reverberations of old of the Cyclops' hammer
upon the shield of Mars. Then you will have
done your duty, you will have tended to clear
the cause you will have enlightened it and
you will have nothing else to detract from It.
Let it be your central, your magnificent and
your majestic purpose, without race prejudice.
Make it a part of the theory of western gov
ernment, identified by it with the growing con
ditions of this great western empire, and make
the people know wherever they can hear our
voice that we understand the theories of gov
ernment, that we, too. were reared in the
traditions of our country, magnificent, sov
ereign-like, majestic; let it pour out in a vol
ume upon the East and your delegation In
Congress will do its duty.
GOVERNORS OF STATES
SEND WORDS OF CHEER
lhe Support of President Roosevelt
Houses Convention to Great
Enthusiasm.
Mr. Cutler presented the report of the
committee on credentials, which was
adopted. It waa as follows:
Your committee finds that there are some 3000
properly accredited delegates to this conven
tion and that it would consume the entire aft
ernoon in reading the names. The committee
therefore recommends that all properly accred
ited delegates who have presented their cre
dentials to the secretary be admitted as dele
gates to this convention.
Secretary Mason next read a number of
telegrams and letters from chief execu
THE EMPORIUM.
tlves and Congressmen, who were unable
to be present. They were as follows:
HELENA, Mont., Nov. 20, 1901.
Hon. James D. Phelan, Mayor, San Fran
cisco, Cal. Regret I cannot attend. Hope your
convention will exert every effort to accomp
lish its purpose. J. K. TOOLE, Governor.
SALEM, Or., Nov. 20, 1901.
Hon. James D. Phelan, San Francisco, Cal.:
Sorry I cannot attend the Chinese Exclusion
Convention, but you may assure the people of
San Francisco that the sentiment in Oregon is
practically unanimous in demanding the re-en
actment of that or similar law. The interests
of our laboring men and therefore of our peo
ple generally require it. T. T. GEER, Governor.
The folowing message from Congress
man J. C. Needham was received with
hearty cheers:
"WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 21, 1901.
Hon. James D. Phelan, San Francisco, Cal.:
I have seen the President. Have best author
ity for saying that he will not only recommend
in his message the re-enactment of the Geary
law, but will so further and urge that it be
made stronger. J. C. NEEDHAM.
OLTMPIA, Wash., Nov. 20, 1901.
Mayor James D. Phelan, San Francisco. Cal.:
Telegram received inviting me to attend Chi
nese Exclusion Convention. It will be impos
sible for me to attend. I desire, however, to
say that the almost universal sentiment of the
people of the State of Washington is strongly
in favor of Chinese exclusion. We shall regard
it a disaster of the first magnitude if Chinese
exclusion is not continued and enforced by
Congress. The people of the State are aroused
regarding this matter, and I wish, in the
strongest possible terms, to say to the conven
tion that all true Americans who love their
country should assist with might and main In
this laudable and absolutely necessary effort.
J. R. ROGERS,
Governor of Washington.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 21.
California Anti-Chinese Convention: The
American Federation of Labor extends greet
ings and hopes your deliberations may result
In protecting: your fair State and sustain our
common country from the blighting curse of
Mongolianism. We welcome your co-operation
and shall be pleased to know of your proceed
ings. SAMUEL GOMPERS.
HERMAN GUTSTADT.
CARSON. Nev., Nov. 20.
Mayor James D. Phelan: The greatest evil
portending the people of the United States Is
the free admission of Chinese. Accustomed as
they are to the very lowest and most degrad
ing and repulsive methods of sustaining life
their admission here will by competition and
force of numbers scourge our respected and
self-respecting laboring people down to the
Chinese level of misery. I am In favor of ex
cluding: them forever.
REINHOLD SADLER.
Governor of Nevada.
OGDEN, Utah. Nov. 21.
Greeting to the delegates of the Chinese Ex
clusion Convention. From the hour of my ar
rival at Washington I shall work Incessantly
for the re-enactment of the Geary exclusion
act, and feel confident of ultimate victory.
JULIUS KAHN.
Governor Henry T. Gage expressed his
regret at being unable to attend the con
vention, with the purposes of which he
was heartily in sympathy. His letter was
largely devoted to the expression of his
views on the subject of Chinese exclusion
embodied in his first biennial message to
the Legislature. In closing the Governor
said:
I am much pleased, therefore, to know that
the convention will assemble in your city for
the contemplated good work, and feel that its
labors can but result In great good to the State
within which we live, as well as to our common
country.
A motion was made to have a telegram
sent to President Roosevelt, thanking him
for his hearty co-operation. It was car
ried.
m
CONVENTION COMMTTTES
APPOINTED BY CHAIRMAN
Chairman Geary Informed the conven
tion that he could not appoint his commit
tees unless he had the suggestions of the
delegates. He advised an adjournment
for half an Ijour. Upon motion his re
quest was granted. The delegates held
Congressional District conventions and
TEE EMPOSItTM.
selected the men they wanted on the
various committees.
Upon reassembling the secretary read
the names of the following committees:
Organization and permanent order of busi
ness — F. E. Johnson. Charles Wesley Reed,
Ed Rosenberg. Max Popper, J. C. Simms, Ed
ward I. Wolff, C. R. Stuart, Frank Ey, Frank
Walker, George R. Fletcher, D. E. McKinlay.
R. T. Mclvor, E. Crowell, J. Steiff and Ed
McCabe.
Memorials and resolutions— At large— Senator
John F. Davis. Hon. James D. Phelan, W. C.
Mac Arthur, Senator S. C. Smith of Kern, A.
Caminettl.
First District— Frank Welhe, J. D. Conley,
F. M. Angellottl.
Second District— P. T. Johnson, W. W. Mid
dlecoff. Stockton, and James Devine, Sacra
mento.
Third District— L. B. Leavitt. Alameda; Al
den Anderson and Ed E. Leake, Woodland.
Fourth District— M. Casey, Samuel Braun
hart, Guy Lathrop.
Fifth District— H. Ryan. San Jose; H. G. W.
Dlnkelsplel. San Francisco; William Cannon,
San Francisco.
Sixth District— George W. Huges. Los An
geles; Senator R. N. Bulla, Los Angeles; and
Mayor Snyder. Los Angeles.
Seventh District— T. H. Eccles, Kern; Victor
Montgomery, Santa Ana; J. H. Glass, San
Luis Obispo.
Supervisor Dwyer moved that when the
convention adjourn It do so until this
morning at 10 o'clock and that all com
mittees be ready to report. An amend
ment to adjourn until 7:30 in the evening
was lost.
An adjournment was then taken until
this morning.
The principal speakers at to-day's ses
sions will be Samuel M. Shortridge and
General W. H. L.. Barn.es. Mr. Short
ridge is a delegate to the convention and
an earnest worker In the cause of Chi
nese exclusion. That his address will be
J|PP. Elegant Shoes)
£~aAJ\&lf actual v&lve j
ft The sale of Felts' fine shoes for ladies has reached that point I
H when you must quickly decide to buy in order to get your size in |
'? just the style you want. You would have run chances last week 8
H but for this reason: Before Felts had decided to sell out he placed 3
H •rders with his manufacturer for some goods to be delivered in 1
fl November. These goods arrived last week and arc selling with the d
IV' other stock right along at the sale prices, regardless of the fact |
fl- that they are new and fresh from the factory. They are $400, |
¦ $5.00, $6.00. $7.00 and $8.00 goods, but they will sell as follows: |
fl The $6.00 to $8.00 shoes will go at 94.00; the $4.00 and $500 |
fl values will sell for $3.50. You could not get newer or more 3
- ¦ stylish goods in San Francisco, no matter what you paid. It is a a
B clean-cut, absolute saving of from a third to a half, and should §
. I not be passed by if you need shoes. |
fl • The Walk-over Shoe Store is clearing out all Felts' stock in 0
H . order to put in a full line of Walk-over shoes for ladies. H
Ii Walk-Over Shoe Store I
Felts' Successor,
I 024-026 MARKET STREET. I
THE EMPORIUM.
a feature of the convention all the dele
gates are agreed.
REPORT OF COMMITTEE ON
PERMANENT ORGANISATION
The committee on permanent organiza
tion met at the Grand Hotel last night
and agreed on the following report, which
will be submitted to the convention thi*
morniiig:
Mr. Chairman: Tour committee on perma
nent organization and order of business re
spectfully submits the following report:
First— We recommend that the temporary
chairman, Hon. Thomas J. Geary, be continued
as the permanent chairman of this convention.
Second— We recommend that the following
named gentlemen be selected by this conven
tion to act as vice chairmen thereof, namely.
James H. Barry. C. A. Slorke, H. Rodgers.
Third— We recommend that H. A. Mason,
the temporary secretary of this convention, be
continued as the permanent secretary thereof,
with the following named assistants; Charles
Shaefer. T. F. Egan and C. D. Rogers.
Fourth— That the committee consisting of
five members at large and three members from
each Congressional District in this ritate. here
tofore appointed by the chair as a committee
on memorial and resolutions, with the chair
man of this convention added thereto, with,
power to increase their number If in their
judgment they should deem the same neces
sary, be continued a Dermanent committee to
take such action as in their judgment may b«*
necessary to aid in the passage of a Chinese
exclusion act.
And unon the order of business we recom
mend to this convention the following:
First — The report of the committee on mem
orial and resolutions.
Second — Addresses by Invited speakers.
Third — Adjournment.
¦ m •
Little pitchers often have big prices.
56
FRIDAY NOVEMBER 22, 1901
JOHN . D. . SPR , EC . Proprietor.
- . i Address All Cesunnnietlion* to W. 8. LEAKS, Xaatgtr. <
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and Third, 8. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202. . "-"'
: Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week..
Single Copies, 15 Cents.
— Terms by Mall, Including Postage t
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year..:.."...... $1.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). C months $.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 3 month* 1.50
I>AIL.T CALL— By Single Month Co
BtTICDAY CALL. One Tear.... 1.60
WEEKLY CALL, One Year....'. 1.0»
All postmasters are authorised to receive -. .
subscriptions.
¦ : Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Ma.ll subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their. request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KKOGNESS.
Mu*gtr Foreign Advertising . lUrqoette Building, Chicago.
i ' . (Long Distance Telephone ¦'Central 2613.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. 5M1TH........ 30 Tribune Building;
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
.Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, Si Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Enerman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
.WASHIJTGTOX <». C."> OFFICE. . .".1400 G St., X. W.
- MORTON E. CRAKE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— D" Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
.- . McAllister, open until 5:80 c' clock. 615 Larkin, open until
f:SO o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
| .' j «orner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
'¦: i until » o'clock. 196 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. KW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
200 FlHmore. open until 9 p. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tirol!— "A Gaiety Girl."
Central— "Kins of the Opium Ring."
Alcazar — ••Self and Lady."
r.bia — "On the Quiet."
Grand Opera-house— 'Carmen."
California— Havcrlyß Minstrels.
Chutt«, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Oakland Ractrack — Races to-day^
AUCTION SALES.
By J. J. Dafta — Saturday, November 23, at 11 o'clock,
Horses, Wagons. Seventh street.
THE RECIPROCITY CONVENTIO.N
DESPITE the efforts of the opponents of the
protective system to get control of the re
ciprocity convention that has just closed its
on in Washington, their failure was complete.
c speskcrs indeed there were who protested
against what they called "ultra protectionists," but
their following was not strong enough to dominate
the convention. After a full and fair discussion the
victory foi protection and that form of reciprocity
expressed "in the Philadelphia platform was com
plete.
As an expression of the sentiment of the majority
the convention adopted two resolutions on the sub
ject. The first recomir.ends Congress to maintain
'the principle of protection for the home market and
to open up, by reciprocity, opportunities for increased
foreign trade by special modifications of the tariff in
special case?, but only where it can be done without
injury to any of our home interests of manufacturing,
commerce or farming." The second resolution
recommends that in order to ascertain the influence
n\- proposed treaty on our home interests Con
? should establish "a reciprocity commission
charged with the duty of investigating the condition
; :iy industry and reporting the same to the Execu
and to Congress for guidance in negotiating re
ciprocal trade arrangements."
The two resolutions are in harmony with the prin
ciple of leciprocity as expounded and advocated by
the Republican party. The declaration by the con
cern that icciprocity should be undertaken ''only
-where it can be done without injury to any of our
home interests of manufacturing, commerce or farm
ing" is virtually the seme as the declaration in the
jiatform: "We favor the associated policy of reci
procity so directed as to open our markets on favor
aWe terms for what we do not ourselves produce in
return for free foreign market -
The recommendation in favor of the establishment
0/ a reciprocity commission would be well worth
nting should it be decided to enter upon any ex
tensive reciprocity arrangements. Mr. Kasson has
done about as well, perhaps, as any other single
Commissioner could do in arranging such treaties,
but the result of his work has given no satisfaction
to the country. If such trade arrangements are to be
made with foreign nations the terms proposed and
the various schedules of duties suggested should be
subjected to the scrutiry of a body of experts repre
senting the country as a whole and capable of esti
mating with a near approach to accuracy the effect
the treaty would have upon the interests of the differ
ent sections of the Union. Congress has not time to
undertake that work, and it ought not to be left solely
to the agents of the State Department. If then we
;rc to have a policy of reciprocity the proposed com
mission would appear desirable from every point of
view.
It is by no means certain, however, that it is worth
while to undertake any extensive reciprocity system.
The more carefully the proposals for 6uch a system
are considered the more complex and the more per
plexing do the difficulties attending it appear. More
over, there remains always the objection raised by
Senator Hoar that such treaties would have the ef
fect of taking our tariff regulations out of our own
hands and subjecting them to the influences of foreign
nations. The country at present is prosperous, and
it will be at this time wisd*om on the part of Congress
et well enough alone. There is no use in dis
ing a condition which is satisfactory alike to in
dustry and to trade.
Winter has already made its first calls with snow
storms and blizzards in the East, Great Britain and
Russia; and now once more all any one will have to
do to satisfy himself with the weather in California
will be to read of the kind of weather they are get
ting everywhere else ir. the world.
Mr. Bryan claims that the circulation of the Com
moner is increasing, but he always claimed that the
Bryan vote was increasing until after the official
count
THE VOICE OP CALIFORNIA.
BY the convention which assembled in* this city
yesterday the voice of California on the ques
tion of Chinese immigration will be expressed.
So far as the State itself is concerned.no such con
vention was needed. Public sentiment on the sub
ject was formed long ago, and no considerable bpdy
of citizens has found any reason for a change of
opinion. It is the common judgment of men of all
parties that unrestricted Chinese immigration would
be the worst evil that could befall this section of the
Union, and accordingly all are agreed that restric
tion is absolutely necessary for the continuance, of
prosperity and the maintenance of our standard of
living.
Such being the prevailing opinion of our people,
the chief aim of the convention is to affect Eastern
rather than Western sentiment. It is to make mani
fest to Congress and to the East generally that the
people of California are resolutely opposed to un
restricted Chinese immigration, and to set forth the
reasons for that opposition. It is right and fitting
that such a convention should have met, for had there
been no such formal and emphatic expression of pub
lic sentiment members of Congress might have con
cluded that Califomians are indifferent to the issue
and no lenger regard it as one of paramount impor
tance.
From time to time The Call has directed attention
to the increasing strength of the pro-Chinese senti
ment in the East and the South. Wu Ting Fang, the
Chinese Minister at Washington, who is unquestion
ably one of the most astute diplomatists of the day,
has been making well-considered appeals both to the
Eastern and the Southern public. To the one he has
suggested that a repeal of the restriction laws would
result in- an immediate increase of Eastern trade with
China, with a consequent increase in the profits of
Eastern manufacturers and merchants; while to the
Southerners he has suggested that cheap Chinese
labor would aid them in the task of cultivating their
fields and also in building up their manufacturing in
dustries. The appeals were not made in vain, and for
some time past it has been evident that Wu Ting
would have strong support in his efforts to get rid
of restriction.
The situation looked dangerous until it became
generally understood that President Roosevelt favors
a re-enactment of the restriction measures. It will
not do for us, however, to rely wholly upon the po
tency of the Presidential influence with Congress
men. The fight is ours and we must take a leading
part in it. Many men who are as yet undecided upon
the issue will look to California for guidance, since
the people of this State have had a fuller experience
in Chinese immigration than the # people of any other.
It maj- be counted as certain that the expression of
opinion by a California convention will have more
weight with impartial men than a similar expression
by any other convention that could be held in the
country.
The voice of California on the subject will not be
in any sense bigoted or unfair. No State has more
to hope for from the development of a vast trade be
tween the United States and China. It is well under
stood here that we must look to the Orient for a
market for much of the product of our industries, and
BO intelligent man will favor any radical scheme that
would tend to interfere with the development of that
trade. In her recent troubles China has found the
United States to be almost her sole friend among the
great powers. We have no designs upon Chinese
territory, nor any thought of committing aggression
upon her people. We afford a rich and abundant
market for Chinese products and we can supply her
people on better terms than any other nation with the
manufactured goods and the fruit and wheat they
need. Consequently between ourselves and China
there should be none but the friendliest relations;
but such relations could not continue if an unre
stricted immigration of Chinese disturbed our labor
market and threatened to produce on the Pacific
Coast a race issue worse than that in the South.
GERMAN INDIGNATION.
OF all the evidences recently given of a feeling
among the German people of an antagonism
against Great Britain, none is so remarkable
as the long continuance of the clamor against Cham
berlain because of his allegation that the Germans
had waged war against France with more harshness
than the British are now waging war against the
Boers. That such a statement might excite an indig
nant denial from some excitable German here and
there was to have been expected, but it is surprising
to learn that it has aroused something like universal
condemnation and that, instead of being permitted to
pass as an incident of a day, it has been made to
engage the attention of the press, of representative
gatherings of the people and even of official bodies
for weeks.
The speech in which Chamberlain made the state
ment which has aroused so much wrath was delivered
in Edinburgh October 25, or nearly a month ago. The
first announcements of German indignation came
almost immediately afterward, and since that time
they have continued without interruption notwith
standing, it is announced, there has been an official
remonstrance from the Imperial Government. Some
thing like an elaborate agitation has evidently been
worked up on the subject, for recent dispatches from
Berlin state that arrangements have been made to
hold anti-Chamberlain meetings at nearly every im
portant town in the empire.
The words which have excited all that wrath were
not particularly severe. In the report given by the
London papers of th^ speech before the outburst
occurred in Germany, Mr. Chamberlain is said to
have referred to the charges made against the Gov
ernment of conducting the war in South Africa with
unnecessary harshness and severity, and then said:
"Well, ladies and gentlemen, there is no subject which
has given us greater anxiety, more serious consider
ation. I think that the time has come— is coming—
when measures of greater severity may be necessary,
and if that time comes we can find precedents for
anything that we may do in the action of those na
tions who now criticise our 'barbarity' and 'cruelty,'
but whose example in Poland, in the Caucasus, in
Almeria, in Tonquin, in Bosnia, in the Franco-Ger
man war, whose example we have never even
approached."
It will be seen that Mr. Chamberlain's allegations
of harshness in war refer not to Germany only but
to France, Russia and Austria as well. It is only
among the Germans, however, that any indignation
has been stirred up, and consequently it is an «asy
inference that the rage of the Germans is due to some
thing more than Chamberlain's remark. It would
seem that certain leaders in Germany are using the
phrase as a means of appealing to a sentiment that
already exists, and that the appeal is designed to ac
complish something more than the denunciation of
the British Secretary of State for the Colonies.
A curious sidelight upon the subject is thrown by
Tttja- SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1901.
the reports that many of the utterances <n' the press
on the subject are taken as indirect thrusts «t the
Kaiser for his supposed fondness for Great Britain.
Thus the Cologne Yolks Zeitung is quoted as saying
of the agitation: "The movement shows that the
German people cannot understand how British in
solence can be put up with, or how anybody can dem
onstratively show Anglomania."
Whether the object of the agitation is to give relief
to German sympathy with the Boers, or to express
German dislike of British trade, or whether it is a
means of annoying the Kaiser, can hardly be deter
mined from this distance, but it is doubtful if ever
before so slight a criticism so deeply excited a great
people.
AN interesting and somewhat heated discussion
has arisen between Governor Beckham of Ken- j
tucky and Governor Durbin of Indiana over
the refusal of the latter to honor a requisition for
the extradition of ex-Governor Taylor of Kentucky
as a fugitive from justice charged with complicity in
the assassination of Goebel. Governor Durbin
bases his refusal on the ground that Taylor would
not receive a fair trial, and of course such a statement
has not had the effect of diminishing in any degree
the ardor of the controversy.
The two Governors are not left to argue the ques
tion without assistance. Numerous partisans on
each side have taken part in it and the press has
joined in. The discussion, while voluminous in
quantity, does not cover a wide range of argument.
Virtually it comes to the assertion on one side that
a Governor of a State should not extradite a fugitive
from justice from another State if he have reason to
believe the accused will not have a fair trial; while
the other side assert that each State is bound to re
spect the laws and courts of another State and a Gov- '
ernor has no right to refuse extradition upon any
mere belief or suspicion affecting the honor and hon
esty of the judicial authorities of the State demand
ing the extradition.
The statement of the constitution on the subject is
unmistakably plain and clear. Section 2of article IV
says: "Any person charged in any State with trea
son, felony or other crime, who shall flee from jus
tice and be found in another State, shall, on demand
of the executive authority of the State from which
he fled, be delivered up to be removed to the State
having jurisdiction of the crime."
It will be seen the constitution does not give the
Governor of a State authority to decide whether or
no the fugitive from justice shall be surrendered.
The language is emphatic and mandatory that the
fugitive shall be delivered up on demand from the
executive authority of the State from which he fled.
It happens, however, that there is no provision of
law, either in the constitution or out of it, by which
a Governor can be compelled to obey the constitu
tional obligation, and as a consequence the require
ment is virtually a dead letter. In fact, it is stated
by the supporters of Governor Durbin that Gov
ernors of various States have frequently refused to
surrender fugitives, and sometimes the refusals have
been based not on legal technicalities but upon broad
grounds of public policy.
It is most unfortunate that the case is one in which
so much partisan prejudice and passion is involved.
Ex-Governor Taylor stands charged with one of
the gravest crimes known to our laws. The accusa
tion is brought against him by official authority and
by due process of law. To refuse to surrender him
for trial is virtually to asperse the honor of the courts
of Kentucky, and that will inevitably tend to weaken
respect for the courts everywhere. In our Union the
States are too closely linked together for it to be pos
sible to maintain a respect for law in one State while
mocking at the law in an adjoining State. However
bad a politician Goebel may have been, his assassina
tion was an infamous crime, and every man charged
with it upon good evidence should be made to answer
for it at the bar of justice. He should not be per
mitted to escape by flying to another State. The
mandate of the constitution should be obeyed even
though the framers neglected to provide a means of
compelling obedience to it.
FOR the purpose of fitly commemorating the
one hundredth anniversary of its existence the
New York Evening Post recently published an
issue of forty-four pages with a handsomely illus
trated supplement of forty pages, and finally a fac
simile of the first issue of the paper, on Monday, No
vember 16, 1801. The whole constitutes a complete
record of one of the most notable successes in the
history of journalism. It appears there is now but
one newspaper in New York older than the Post that
has had a continuous publication under the same title.
\ The history of the Post is marked by a succession
of strong and earnest men in . the editorial chair.
Among them were William Coleman, one of the
founders; who edited it from 1801 to 1829; William
Cullen Bryant, Parke Godwin, John Bigelow, Carl
Schurz, Edwin Lawrence Godkin and Horace White,
the present editor. Nearly every one of these is a
man of national reputation, known familiarly to intel
ligent people throughout the whole country. With
such men at its head the Post could not fail to be
come an influential paper and command the respect
even of those who disagree with its politics. \ ',.
The fac-simile of the first number furnishes an illus
tration of what journalism -was a century ago. The
prospectus begins by announcing that the editor
"will endeavor that this paper shall appear in a dress
worthy of the liberal patronage which is already
promised." It is announced: "The design of this
paper is to diffuse among the people correct informa
tion on all interesting subjects, to inculcate just prin
ciples in religion, morals and politics, and to culti
vate a taste for sound literature." <
The most important article in the issue is a reprint
from the Palladium, consisting of a denunciation of
"monstrous" journalism. The writer complains: "A
newspaper is pronounced to be very lean and desti
tute, of matter if it contains no account of murders,
suicides, prodigies or monstrous births." He goes
on to say: "This country is said to measure seven
hundred millions of acres, and is inhabited by almost
six millions of people. Who can doubt, then, that a
great many crimes will be committed and a great many
strange things will happen every seven years? There
will be thunder showers that will split tough white
oak trees, and hailstorms that will cost some farmers
the full amount of twenty shillings to / mend their
.glass windows—there will be , taverns [ and boxing
matches and elections and gouging and drinking and
love arid murder and running in debt and running
away and suicide. Now if a man supposes eight «. or
ten or twenty dozen of these amusing events . 1 will
happen in a single year, is he not just as wise as an
other man who reads fifty columns of amazing par
ticulars and of course knows that they have hap
pened?" " — - ': 7;^-^^".
FUGITIVES FROM JUSTICE.
A CENTURY OLD.
FORMER STATE LABOR COMMISSIONER TELLS WHY
THE CHINESE EXCLUSION ACT SHOULD BE RENEWED
J. J. Tobin Answers Minister Wu and Ho Yow,-and Directs Attention to Im
portant Facts the Chinese Officials Have Cunningly Concealed.
EDITOR The Call; There is a pressing necessity of pre
senting to Congress facts and arguments, clear and con
vincing, why the Geary law, or one more drastic, should
be passed. The danger of allowing two years' trial of
non-exclusion, as requested by the Chinese Minister, is
greatly to be feared. Large interests are aligned in favor of
letting down the bars of Chinese exclusion. Railroad and
steamship companies, trusts and corporations that employ
many thousands of unskilled laborers are quietly working to
prevent the passage of Chinese exclusion laws. They need
coolies in their business, and any appeal to sentiment or patri
otism is utterly wasted upon them.
These are reinforced by a considerable class of sentiment
alists, who advocate the "fatherhood of God and brotherhood
of man" doctrines, of whom the venerable and distinguished
Senator Hoar of Massachusetts Is a shining example. To fight
successfully this opposition those in favor of Chinese exclu
sion must not by threat or passion give ground for the allega
tion that the passage of the Geary law was brought about by
the machinations of political demagogues. In an ably written
article in the North American Review of September the Chi
nese Consul General Ho Vow makes this charge and adds
"that a certain aggregate of mischievous persons have im
posed upon the ignorance and credulity of your laboring people
and caused them to demand the passage of laws resulting
Infinitely to their own harm." The people and Congress should
be reminded that the Legislature of California submitted to a
vote of her citizens the question of Chinese exclusion and it
was carried by a vote of 154,638 "For" and only 883 "Against."
If the statement of Ho Vow is correct there must be an over
whelming "aggregate of mischievous persons" who are voters
in California.
Vital Reasons for Exclusion Ignored.
The pleas advanced by Ho Vow and his superior, the Chi
nese Minister, Wu Ting Fang, in opposition to Chinese exclu
sion are cunningly concocted to operate upon sensitive altru
istical and capitalistic stomachs in the United States. Al
though these pleas are touched up and freshened by these fine
Celestial hands, we of California do not fail to recognize them
as the same old, familiar ones heard in 1882 and again in 1892,
when our people en masse cried out for redress against an
ever-increasing Chinese invasion. The Chinese Consul, Ho
Vow, says, "I shall grant the accusers of my people every
thing they say," and then proceeds to detail such allegations
and such only as he knows will appeal to the conscienceless
greed of large employers of labor. He completely ignores rea
sons for exclusion which to us who know the Chinese are moat
vital and important. According to him the demagogic charges
against the Chinese are: I— They work more cheaply. 2 — They
live more cheaply. 3— They send their money to China. 4—
They have no permanent residence. s— They do not assimilate
with Americans. The wily Ho Vow understands that these
attributes do not affect the Chinese standing one lota in the eyes
of certain greedy capitalists, who look upon the common laboring
masses as mere human machines. Consequently he denies not
the soft impeachment. On the contrary, he wishes that "some
succor could be devised for the employers whereby the tyran
nies and injustices which many of them suffer at the hands
of their employes might be modified." The succor in his eye
is the employment of Chinese in the place of disaffected white
labor. "The class for whose supposed benefit the exclusion
laws exist," according to Ho Vow, "are members of the labor
unions and were passed to appease laborers with whom the
Chinese did not and could not compete." There is scarcely a
man or woman of sane mind living on the Pacific Slope to-day
who does not know that this statement of the Chinese Consul
General is not the fact. The Chinese, he says, are wholly un
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
KATE FIELD— Enq., City. Kate Field
died in Honolulu. H. L, May 19, 18S6.
YOSEMITE— T., Spreckels, Cal. Yosem
ite is Indian, and means large grizzly
bear.
SWIMMING SCHOOLS— T., Spreckels.
Cal. There is no public swimming school
in San Francisco, but there are several
places where the art of swimming is
taught by private teachers.
LATIN QUARTER— T., Spreckels, Cal.
What is known as the Latin auarter of
San Francisco is in the northern part of
the city, in that territory north of Pacific
street between Taylor and Sansome.
PHONOL.ITE-L. O. T. M., City. Pho
nolite is the name given to a variety of
basalt or greenstone which rings or clinks
with a metallic sound when struck with
a hammer. It is also known by the name
of clinkstone.
MOUNTAIN AND MAHOMET— Sub
scriber, City. The expression, "The moun
tain has come to Mahomet," in the article
alluded to is a figure of speech that does
not need a diagram to express the mean
ing of the writer.
CHANCES IN MANILA— E., Honolulu,
H. I. This department not having any
personal knowledge as to the condition of
the trade in which the party would like
to engage in Manila or in the Philippines,
is not in a position to advise the party to
go there in search of employment.
THE CANALS— A. O. S., City. This de
partment has not the space to give a his
tory of the Panama and Nicaragua
canals, but respectfully refers you to the
Free Public Library, where you will find
much on these subjects in the encyclo
pedias, periodical literature and special
works.
THE FIRST SURVEY— €?., City. The
first survey of San Francisco was made
in 1847 by J. J. Voiget, a Swiss surveyor.
His design laid out the streets in such
a manner that every house would have
had an equal share of the sun upon its
front ana rear during the day; but his
original plan was not adopted.
DESERTION-H. M., City. The United
States law relative to desertion is as fol
lows: "No person shall be tried or pun
ished by a court martial for desertion in
time of peace and not in the face of the
enemy committed more than two years
be/ore the arraignment of such person for
such offense, unless he shall meanwhile
have absented himself from the United
States, in which case the time of his ab
sence shall be excluded in computing the
period of limitation."
MONEY ORDER— Subscriber, City. If
a letter containing a money order reached
this city addressed to one of two men of
exactly the same -name, the postal au
thorities would in the first place endeavor
to ascertain which of the two it belonged
to, before delivery. Then if by chance it
got to the wrong individual and he at
tempted to cash the order, he would have
to give satisfactory evidence of title to
the money to the postal authorities before
the money would be paid. The case sub
mitted is an assumed one, and this depart
ment does not care to answer inquiries of
that character.
COIN QUESTIONS— Many Subscribers, i
The following are answers to a number
of subscribers who want to know about
coins :
T. D. A., City. A half dollar of 1795 is
not a premium coin.
S., Berkeley, Cal. Of the many coins |
described in letter of inquiry there is but !
one that commands a premium. It is the j
three-cent piece (silver) of 1866. It is j
worth from 20 to 40 cents.
Subscriber, City. No premium for a ail- j
ver half dime of 1870 nor for a nickel '
three-cent piece of 1867.
H. T., Cholame, Cal. A dime of 1S« j
does not command a premium.
A. D. S. f City. Half dollars of 1867 are
not premium coins.
H. S., San Jose, Cal. A half dollar of
ISO 6 does not command a premium.
W. F., City. A flying eagle dollar of
1838 is a premium coin. Dealers offer
from 820 to $30 for such.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
fomery street. .Telephone. Main 101J a
skilled and are in the main mere laborers or agriculturists.
He makes this bold assertion in face of the fact that he can
find within easy walk of his residence many cigar, boot and
shoe, clothing, underwear and other factories owned and od
erated by his countrymen. At the time of the passage of the
first exclusion act thousands of operatives were walking the
streets of San Francisco and other cities of this and neigh
boring States on account of having been displaced by cheaper
Chinese.
Could Quickly Replace All Skilled Labor.
The Chinese quickly learn any handicraft, and if allowed
to land without limitation would find their way into every
branch of skilled labor. The Chinese Minister admits as much
in a recent article written by him. "Experience proves," he
says, "that the Chinese as all round laborers can easily dis
tance all competitors. They can work under conditions that
would kill a man of less hardy race; in heat that would suit
a salamander or in cold that would please a polar bear, sus
taining their energies through long hours of unremitting toil
with only a few bowls of rice." He makes a strong appeal not
to renew the exclusion law for two years in order to prov<^a>
that his countrymen are not hankering- after the flesh pots of 7
America. They so dislike crossing the ocean. He must think
we have very short memories. In the seventies every vessel
arriving on this coast from the East was loaded to the run
wale with Chinese coolies, and if now given the chance, with
our vast increase of Pacific vessels, hundreds of thousands of
them would be landed here in the space of time prayed for.
Chinese Axe Bepugnant to Our People.
It is not alone for the reasons alleged by the Chinese offi
cials that citizen residents of the Pacific Coast protest against
the invasion of the Chinese, but chiefly because they are in
conflict with the betterment of industrial life, because theL
settlements and their modes of living are repugnant and a
menace to the health of our citizens and their peculiar vices
a hotbed of temptation to our youth. The Chinatowns of San
Francisco, Los Angeles, Sacramento, Fresno, San Jose and
many other cities in California. Oregon and Washington are
made show places to morbid and curiosity seeking visitors !n
order to see vie'e in its most beastly forms and smell ordors
that "evermore will dweil in memory dear." If some of the
Eastern sentimentalists could visit some of the places In Chi
natown where young white girls are working dally in the
employ of Chinese they would see things which "smell to
heaven" and thank God that no dire necessity forces them to
earn a living in such environments.
The reasons, therefore, why Ho Vow and Wu Tins Fang
left out the social, moral and educational objections to the
incoming: of their countrymen are obvious. They would not
like to see a comparison drawn between the domestic life of
a Chinese merchant or laborer with that of a white man of
similar occupation. Those who talk of the missionary oppor
tunities afforded to the various sects by the Chinese sojourn
ing in America do not realize that these same Chines© are
many of them debauching our youth in opium joints amiW
other d«ns of vice. n.
There are then points of view about the Heathen Chinee not
so roseate as those drawn by the Chinese officials. Statistics
verifying my statements are ready to hand. The facts pre
sented to the United States Senate investigating committee
that visited San Francisco prior to the passage of the exclu
sion laws are as pertinent to-day as they were at that time
and should be again brought forward. The Chinese Exclusion
Convention which meets to-day has plenty of work in hand,
which. If well done, is bound to produce good fruit.
J. J. TOBIN. Ex-State Labor Commissioner.
San Francisco, Nov. 2L
PERSONAL MENTION.
E. L. Weber, a Napa attorney, Is at the
Grand.
Senator Owen "Wade of St. Helena Is at
the Grand.
Captain W. H. McClintock, a mmm?
man of Sonora, Is at the Lick.
H. J. Gosse, proprietor of the Riverside
Hotel at Reno, New, is a guest at the
Grand.
R. D. Stevens, a former Postmaster cf
Sacramento, is among the arrivals at the
Palace.
H. Wittenberg of the Portland Cracker
Company is here on business and is at
the Grand.
Louis Kahn, a banker and extensive
grain broker of Oakdale, registered at
the Palace yesterday.
E. S. Babcock, the popular manager of
Coronado, is up here for a few days and
is staying at the Palace.
G. C. Kemp Van Ec, the well known
mining man, returned from Hodson yes
terday and is at the Palace.
State Printer A. J. Johnston and E. P.
Colgan, State Controller, are both down
from Sacramento and are staying at the
Lick.
Califomians in New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From San
Francisco— H. Legg, at the Grand; A. I.
Yonoff, at the Sturtevant; J. O. Blanch
ard, L,. N. Scott, at the Hoffman; E.
Loewe, at the Broadway Central; D. Marx,
D. Mayer, at the Cadillac; W. H. A very'
at the Holland; W. Bradford, G. D.
Greenwood, at the Herald Square.
From San Jose— Miss Kirk, at the Arl
ington; Dr. G. R Little, at the Bar
tholdi.
From Los Angeles — Mrs. C. Edson, at
the Victoria.
Canada and Mexico resemble courtships,
because they border on the United States.
1 A BIG THANKSGIVING FEATURES -I A
IV With illustrations by the best artists on the Pacific Coast j|O
SUN- — J
Thanksgiving Number,
jl AY ' C : Out November 24, 1901.
CALL F?f
EXTRACTS FROM DIARY OF
AGVINALDO'S PRIVATE SECRETARY.
This graphic story of th« inside Ufa el Agui'
naMo and his army eatmat be read eUtwhere than
in The Sunday Call except in th» GoTeroment se-
cret archives at -Washington. D. G.
20 PAGES OF FEATURE STORIES <*t\
&ad%£r ' /TtM
. THE SUNDAY CALL. A WESTERN PAPER FULL
OF WESTERN STORIES BY WESTERN WRITERS
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Visitor (in Boston) — He seems to be a
distinguished foreigner. Is he a Japanese
or a Chinese?
Native Citizen— l do not know. Individ
uals of the Mongolian race all present the
same external aspect to me.— New York
Sun.
A poor Scotchwoman lay dying, and
her husband sat by her bedside. After a
time the wife took her husband's hand
and said:
"John, we're gowin' to parCliiave been
a gude wife to you, haveu't TSr
John thought a moment. 1
"Well, just middling like, Jenny, you
know," anxious not to say too much.
Again the wife spoke.
"John," she said faintly, "ye ' maun
promise to bury me in the auld kirkyard
at Str'avon beside my mtther. I could
na rest in peace among unco' folk in the
dirt and smoke o' Glasgow."
"Weel, weel, Jenny, my woman," said
John, soothingly, "we'll Just try ye in
Glasgie first, an' gin ye dlnna be quiet
we'll try ye in Str'avon."— London Spars
Moments.
"Yes." said young Mr. Bashful to his
best girl, "the stock market has been
through considerable excitement of late." 1
"Oh, yes," the girl responded, eager to
take part in conversation on a. topic
which interested her Adolphus. "I have
read a lot about it in the paper— all about
those dreadful bulls and bears and
things."
"Yes," Adolphus went on; "they got the
shorts in a corner and effectually squeezed
them."
"Did they?"
"Ye?."
"I think," the demure maid added, after
a tew minutes' meditation, "that if ever
I become a speculator I shall be a short "
A few minutes later she found It was
not necessary to speculate in stock In
order to be treated as a short.— Pittsbur*
Gazette. • ,AMUSEMENTS.
' GRAND OPERA HOUSE
6AN FRANCISCO SEASON OF GRAND
OPERA.
Under th« Direction or Mr. MAURICE GRAU.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Mme. Calve has informed Mr. Grau that it
•*ill be utterly impossible for her to sin» to-
night and that &he requires a week's rest be-
fore Pinging again. Therefore, the role of
•Carmen" will be sung to-night by MME.
SEYGARD.
TO-NIGHT AT 8. "CARMEN."
Seyr&rd and Suzanne Adams; De Marchl,
PacJary and Scottl. Conductor, Flon
Saturday alt., Nov. 23, at 2, "LOHENGRIN."
Earces, 6churr.ann-Helnk; Van Dyck. Blsp-
haai Muhlmann and Blase. Conductor. Dam-
roach.
Saturday EVg. Nov. 23, at S. 'IL BARBIERE
DI eiVIGLIA" (The Barber of Seville). Bem-
brlch: Salisnac. Campanari, Tavecchia and Ed
At Rewke. Conductor, SetJpllli.
Sunday Evg Nov. 24. at i. Second Grand
Sunday Night Performance at Popular Prices
Only Joint appearance of Xfcne. Gadskl and
Mme. fcybil Sanderson. "THE HUGUENOTS "
with an extraordinary cast. Gadski. * Louise
Homer and Sybil Sanderson; Dippel. ScottL
Muhlmann and Journet. Conductor, Floa.
Repertoire for the Third and Last Week-
Monday EVg, Nov. 25, at 8. -FAUST " '
Emma Eames. Bridewell; Salignac Cam-
psnan end Kd de Reszke. Conductor. Seppilli.
Tuesday Xv«, Nov. 26, at 7:45. -DIE \\AL-
Kußi. Gadski. Sehumann-Helnk. Reu«s-
l^lce: Dyck. Blass. Blspham. Conductor.
IJamroEch.
Wednesday EVg. Nov. 27. at 7:45, Double
PABQCALE." Sembrich. Scott.
'^ ?. nd ,?« 11 * nB C- "I PAGLIACCI.-
u* |* arcni - DecJery, Reiss? and Scotti.
Thursday Aft., Nov. 28. et 2 Extra M«t.n«.«
-ROMEO ET JULIETTE." Sybnl a^d«S
Bridewell; Journet. Gmbert ' Deciery, SaUenac!
. r lon.
meo et Juliette matinee— $2 S3 {4
t?0. r» and $30. '
JS|S»f«. Nov. 2!-. at 7:4.".. -DIE MEI-
gTBR.SI.NGER. Gadski. Schumann-Heink;
r Mppe.. Bispham. Bias?. Muhlmann and Ed de
«e»zke ¦ Conductor. Damrosch.
tJ^« w Kt N °^ at 8 - AIDA.- Games and
1> Homer, SS 5 Ottt - Journet. Muhimann and
I> Marchi. Conductor. Seppilli.
«- li- C^V tor^ X ' rgular I'cJ-torinances. J2. $3. J4.
J. and $7. General admission $2 •*•**•
f*<FZ for Sun Jay Ki « ht Performances, «.
*-. f2 u0 and $3. Uoxes. $12. $15 and $18.
n • ' C . alv 1 s next appearance in San Fran-
?v-?? vl"v l " . eke p!ace on SATURDAY EVEN-
ING, Nov. 30th. in CARMEN.
WEBER PIANOS USED.
COLUMBIA mkwwcoi.
VkUmDIA LEHOHG TfiEATtt :
THIS AND NEXT WEEK
E « ERY N " ] GHT (Including Sunday)
MATINEE TO-MORROW ouna *"'
WILLIAM $&
COLLIER If
in Augustus Thomas' phenom- J? CH
enal !v successful comedy. jj |2
"ON THE QUIET." fl
SPECIAL, MATINEE "** Vfc* 1 :
THANKSGIVING DAY.
<r*'B coming— "THE GIRL FROM MAXIM
_~ * I
VAUDEVILLE'S PINNACLE!
Eaufmann Troupe, Ward and Curran, •
Bicknell, Lillian Burkhart and
Company and the Biograph. Last
times of The Girl With, the Auburn :
Hair, Fraser Troupe, Fred Niblo
and Joseph Adelman.
Keserred seats, tic; balccny, 10c; opera
chairs and box scats, 5Cc
*tivolT*
TO-NIGHT AND EVERT EVENING THIS '
WEEK AT 8 SHARP!
Matinees Saturday and Sunday at 2 Sharp!
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
THIS WEEK ONLY!
A Gaiety Girl
Monday, Nov. "THE GEISHA."
POPULAR PRICES— 50c and 75c.
Telephone 8.
KJ>C J* 35 AT?
fIVHHATRrU*
BELASCO ft THALL Manasen
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
A NEW SUCCESSFUL COMEDT.
| "SELF AND LADY. "j:
The Rage Last Season in New Tork.
|I THANKSGIVING WEEK.
WE UNS OF TENNESSEE.
Special Matlne*» Thanksgiving Day, Nov. 2&.
Spate on 6aie C Days In Advance.
BE lAS CO *-* TfiJUCBs: P rtVP
I/- f jk.r^> TO-NIGHT. Safy
1^ l^y ¦_ w an d Sun. Evgs,
*^»^- * 1 Matinees Saturday
and Sunday,
a c TH! r Elaborate Produc-
OF THE tion Qf Uje
OPIUM RING, fS'fi
_ Matt'us..loc, 15c, 25c
Next Monday, a Great Production of
SIBERIA.
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY.
CHUTES ANDZOO I SWJSSJ-
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL!
HARRY HARMtm HIGH DIVER.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— < — '/^ .:
PRIZE CAKEWALK!
\ NEXT AMATEUR NIGHT WEDNESDAY.
T L Telephone for Seats Park 23.
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO It. OAKLAND.
To-Day and Saturday at 2:43
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P.M.
RECREATION park.
Bis-btt and HarrUon streets. \; .\,
prcpil|7D'C CONCERT HOUSE.
riOVvn£.n D Admi««Son lOC.
The Lenton Trio, Marion Georre, Blame
Krcther*. Edna Hamlln, W. V. Strunz. Karle
and Bailey. Eleanora Jenkins and Hlnrichs'
Orchestra. 'Reserved seate 25c. Matinee Sunday.
PALACE and ~
GRAND HOTELS.
- On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad ana
-a newspaper offices, banks and the-
T Street cars banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parte of
1 the city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
COLONEL TALKS
WITH ENGINEERS
Holds Conference With
Representatives of
the Union.
Promises an Investigation
of Grievances of the
Engineers.
The trouble in the transport service
arising from the refusal of the engineers
of the transport Meade to take that ves
sel to sea with an insufficient crew in the
engineering department is in a fair way
of being adjusted. A committee repre
senting Marine Engineers' Union No. 'ij
held a conference yesterday afternoon
with Colonel l>ing, Captain Barneson,
Captain Matthews ar.u Air. Humphries of
tne transport service. The uiilieuities
were thoroughly discussed, and after the
meeting the representatives of tne engi
neers expressed the opinion that the dis
pute would soon be settled.
The committee which appeared for the
Marine Engineers' L'nion consisted of
Henry B. lister, John J. Scary, H. J.
Woftens, Edward Murphy and Alexander
Hyde. Colonel Long, who is at the head
of the Pacific division of the transport
wrvtoe, stated that the reason why a
decrease in the number of men employe-!
in the engineering department of the
transport Meade had been attempted was
because the head of the service at Wash
ington had issued positive orders that
there must be a reduction in the amount
Of money that was being spent in this
division. Colonel Long promised the com
mittee that if the reduced crew on tlie
Meade was found to be inadequate an ad
dition y.'ould be immediately made.
The delegation from the marine engi
neers refused to make known any deci
sion reached in the conference until after
the -whole matter had been properly re
ported to the union. The members of the
committee expressed themselves greatly
pleased with the courteous treatment
they had received at the hands of Colonel
Long and his associates. They stated
that the colonel had promised to faith
fully investigate every grievance which
the committee brought to his attention.
LYNCHING SUSPECTS TO
BE PLACED ON TRIAL
State Officials Leave for Modoc
County to Prosecute Leventon,
Brown and Eades.
Deputy Attorneys General Post and
Sturtevant left last night for Modoc
County to prosecute Leventon. Eades and
Brown, the three Lookout lynching sus
pects now in confinement and awaiting
trial at Alturas.
The State officials expect to be beset
by many difficulties on account of popu
lar sympathy with the accused men. At
torney Ueneral Ford ha? stated that he
thinks there is sufficient evidence in the
hands of the authorities to secure con
viction under ordinary circumstances.
The citizens of Alturas have, however,
serenaded the prisoners with a brass
band and even the District Attorney hn.s
requested that the case be dropped be
cause no one wanted to see the suspects
convicted. Attorney Raker, counsel for
the defendants, states that a conviction
of his clients is not even a remote possi
bility.
Huston Recovers Money Loaned.
Harry V. Huston, who advanced R. A.
Bogge;=s and K. C. Plummer $10,000 on
their joint notes in May, 1893, and who
sued them for that amount and interest,
secured a judgment against the borrowers
yesterday in Judge Graham's court It
was stipulated by the attorneys that a
payment of $1900 should be made next
month nnd that the balance should be
paid in July. 1902.
Marked Salmon Recaptured.
Cloud Rutter of the United States Fish
Commission has recaptured a marked sal
mon at Tehama which was liberated at
Rio Vista on the Sacramento Rivr-r, nfty
six days ago. The fish had traveled 270
miles ttnd lost three pounds during this
period.
MEW ADVEKTISEMENTS.
A PESTIFEROUS GERM.
Burrows Up the Scalp Into Dandruff
and Saps the Hair's Vitality.
People who complain of falling hair as
a rule do not know that it Is the result
of dandruff, which Is caused by a pestif-
erous paraeite burrowing up the scalp as
it dig's down to the sheath in which the
hair Is fed in the scalp. Before long the
hair root is shriveled up and the hair
drops out. If the work of the germ is not
destroyed hair keeps thinning till bald-
ness comes. The only way to cure dan-
druff is to kill the germ, and until now
there has been no hair preparation that
would do It; but to-day dandruff is easily
eradicated by Newbro's Herpicide. which
makes hair glossy and soft as ?Hk.
World Famous Marian! Tonic
MOST EFFECTIVE OF
ALL TONICS.
MOST AGREEABLE TO
THE TASTE.
All Druggists. Kef use Substitutes.
4pas m ajam ¦ /Shi Klfles, Ammunition, Flsh-
H 1 5 Mr» B «L™ ing Tackle, Kportlng, Out-
B KB HI Ing Goods. Largest Stock.
' 11l BBv9rr« Lowest Prices. Send for
B_M Vi^U I « |LJ Catalogue and Job Sheet.
¦ ¦ BHRZVE * BARBER CO.
,'¦-¦¦;,•.:• ' 739 Market. 511 Kearny
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST THREE PERFORMANCES.
TO-NIGHT — MATINEE TO-MORROW and
TO-MORROW EVENING,
HAVERLY'S
MASTODON
INSTRELS,
With GEORGE WILSON.
OPEN AIR CONCERT EVERY EVENING.
gEATS READY.
Sunday Night— Everlasting: Swedish
Comedy Success,
YON YONSON.
Special Matinee Thankf .giving Day, Nov. 28.
SEATS READY.
glg^ RACING
~^2s?'" m 0 ""*"" f^*> Every Week Day—
©r * Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK. '
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
13:30, ], 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m. connecting
with trains stopping ct the entrance to the
track. Last two car* on train reserves ' for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking, liny your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alarr.eda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electrio
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
CUAS. F. PRICE, Secy, and Mgr.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1901.
SCHOONER VEGA PASSES WRECKAGE
WHILE RUNNING BEFORE HURRICANE
Hulk Is More Than 100 Feet Long and Captain Erratt Takes It to
Be a Vessel Bottom Up — New Steamship for the Coast*
NEW STEEL STEAMSHIP REDONDO NOW BEING BUILT IN TOLEDO, OHIO, FOR SWAYNE & HOYT OF THIS
CITY. SHE WILL BE FITTED TO BURN OIL AND IS ALREADY CHARTERED TO CARRY LUMBER FROM
TILLAMOOK.
A HANDSOME new steel steamship
for the coast trade is now near
ing, completion in the Craig Ship
building "Works, Toledo, Ohio.
She is for the firm of Swayne &
Hoyt and has already been chartered by
thd Trucfcee Lumber Company to carry
lumber from Tillamook to this port.
The new vessel will be christened Re
dondo and will be 200 feet long, with a
beam of 38 feet and a dppth of hold of 14
feet 6 inches. She will have a cellular
bottom and will be fitted out to burn oil.
The fuel will be carried in the forward
part of the double bottom and the water
ballast aft. She will be provided with an
electric light system and all the latest
improvements?. Captain Krog, now in
command of the W. H. Kruger. will gu
East to bring the new vessel to the coast.
IR.OBABLE DISASTEB BEPORTED
The steamship Columbia arrived from
the Columbia River yesterday, six hours
late, and the captain reports an unusually
rough trip. At times the wind blew witn
hurricane force and the steamship was
«wept from stem to stern. For two hours
she was hove to and the passengers won
dered what was the matter. Out oftho
entire list in the cabin and steerape there
was net a naif dozen people who sat
down at the table when the gale was at
The branch hydrographic office gives out
the following:
Cnptaln Brratt of the schooner Vega reports
to the Hydroeraphlc Of lice that at 2a. i m. No
vember 16, in latitude north 3S degrees 13
minutes, longitude west 124 degrees 41 min
utes (30 miles west, M south magnetic, from
Point Reyes), he passed close by a large body
of wrccka»e 100 feet or more long Too dark
to make out if a raft or a vessel bottom up.
Owners of coasting vessels fear that a
disaster has occurred and all who have
vessels that are anywhere near due are
anxiously awaiting news from them. One
or two of the small craft should have
been here some clays ago, but the chances
are that they have been driven back by
the southeaster and will make port later.
Back From the Gold Fields.
The gasoline schooner P.arbara Hcrns
tor arrived from Nome yesterday. She
made the run down in 22 days, including
a sto:> at Dutch Harbor, but brings no
further news than that which came from
Seattle by the steamer Arctic. Among the
Hernster' s passengers were Messrs.
loxie, W. H. Smith. Gyger. "v\ est, Hus
t.Tr.d Fox and A. D. Blake. • The last
named is said to have been the discov
erer of Anvil Creek and has come out for
the winter. The Hernster had an un
eventful run down and the miners who
came on her say that things are not as
biack in Nome as they have been painted.
Many of the people in the camp are hard
up but all of them will live through the
v.inter and have hopes of doing well next
spring.
Changes in Steamship Officers.
Captain D. E. Friele will go out in com
mand of the Pacific Mail Company's
China to-morrow. He succeeds Captain
W. B. Seabury, who goes East to bring
out the new liner Korea. Both masters
have been for years in the Pacific Mail
Company's service and are considered two
ol the most competent captains in the
Captain John yon Helms, late master of
tlie Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Curncao, is going to take the tug Sea
Witch to Snn Diego. The vessel will be
turned over to a local master at the south
ern pott and Captain yon Helms will come
back to this port.
( aptain J. O. Odland has been ap
pointed to the steam, schooner Fulton,
while Captain V. Holmquist, late of the
]fraac Reed, w^ll take the Charles B.
Kenny to Salina Cruz. The Reed is at
itesent tied up in Oakland Creek and on
his return Captain Holmquist will sail in
her for Australia.
"When the White Star steamship Doric,
which is due in San Francisco on the 26th
inst., sails again for the Orient she will
tarry a new chief officer. Harry Gau
krodger, formerly second officer of the
F-clgic and more lately first officer of the
G«»orgic on the Atlantic side, arrived from
New York yesterday to nssume the posi
tion of chief of the Doric. Mr. Gau
kiodger made himself very popular here
while he was on the Belgic and his friends
will be glad to see him on the Pacific run
once more. Chief Officer Kearney of the
Doric is going home to England.
The Overdue Fleet.
The barkentlne Chehalis, now out
ninety-four days from Newcastle, Aus
tralia, for Ban Francisco, was addod to
tha overdue fleet yesterday. The under
writers are willing to pay 20 per cent to
reinsure vessel and cargo. The Roanoke,
now out IC3 days from Norfolk, Va., for
San Francisco, is quoted at 25 per cent;
the Glenbreck, 188 days from Newcastle
on-Tyne for Valparaiso, at 90 per cent;
the Prince Albert, 191 days from Van
couver, B. C, for Queensborough, 25 pep
cent, and the Anglla, 139 days from New
castle, Australia, for Panama, 40 per cent.
"Water Front Notes.
R. K. Malcolm of Campodonlco & Mal
com was held up on the water front
Wednesday night and robbed of $1 60. He
tWhat has worn well and
lasted long must be good.
This is Nature's law and ap-
plies to all things. As against
the claims of transient com-
petitors and imitators the
EXTRACT OF BEEF
places the stubborn fact that it has been
before the public for over thirty years
and is to-day preferred before all other
articles of its kind.
was visiting a friend on Battery street
and while on his way to the ferries was
held up by three men. The police are in
vestigating the matter.
The ship George Curtis goes on Boole's
ways for an overhauling. This will be the
first time she will have been docked since
coming to the coast from the East.
The Kosmos liner Ramses arrived from
the sound yesterday. She will finish load
ing for Europe here.
The steamship Australia of the Oceanic
Hue is scheduled to arrive from Tahiti.
She will probably make port early this
morning.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British ship Pegasus is chartered for
wheat to Euror>P, 335.
The British shly Pass of Melfort will load
wheat at Tacoma for Europe. 38s 9d. chartered
prior to arrival.
A Cargo for Mexico.
The bark Charles B. Kenney was cleared
yesterday for SaHna Cruz with the following
cargo valued at $10,279: 23,077 railroad ties,
F.OO cs powder. 1000 bdls shingles. 54 bdls build
ins material.
Notice to Mariners.
ST. GEORGE RKEP FOG SIGNAL. CALI
FORNIA.
Referring to the precautionary notice from
this office of November 1. 1901, that it might
become necessary at any time to discontinue
the operation of the steam fog signal at St.
George Reef Light Station, California, owing
to a scarcity of water, notice is hereby given
that it has not been necessary and will not
be necessary In future to discontinue the signal
—the supply of water now on hand being ouf
flc!er>t for all purposes.
This notice affects the "LUt of Lights and
Fog Signals. I'aclfic Coast. 1301," page 20, No.
69, and the "List of Beacons and Buoys. Pa
cine Coast. 1901." pase S4.
By order oi the lighthouse board.
J. B. MILTON.
Commander. U. S. N., Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From, Due.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Nov. 22
laqua Humboldt Nov. 22
Australia Tahiti Nov. 22
Santa Barbara Humboldt Nov. 22
Kobt. Dollar... Seattle & Hadlock Nov. 22
Mandalay Coqullle River Nov. 22
Hyades New York via Panama Nov. <v
San Pedro Humboldt Nov. 23
Eureka Humboldt JNov. 26
Rival AVillapa Harbor |Nov. 23
City of Puebla Puget Sound Ports Nov. 23
Totmes Seattle Nov. SH
Meteor Oyster Harbor Nov. 24
Washtenaw Tacoma Nov. 21
State of Cal... Ban Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 24
Palena Valparaiso & Way Pts|Nov. 21
Santa Ana Seattle & Tacoma INov. 25
Empir? Coos Bay [Nov. 25
Sierra Syrtne'y & Way Ports. .JNov. 25
City of Sydney Panama & Way Ports. |Nov. 25
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 26
South Portland t-eattle Nov. 26
Doric China anil Japan Nov. 26
Q. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Nov. 20
Curacao Mexican Ports Nov. 2?
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 27
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports Nov. 28
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 2S
Point Arena... Point Arena Nov. 2S
Oofcna Kan Pedro & Way Pts. Nov. 28
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 3D
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. ISalls. Pier.
November '-'-. |
Coronado Grays Harbor | 5 pmjPlcr 2
Uma til la Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier tf
November 23.
Rainier Seattle A N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
Ramses Hamburg & "Way.. — pm Pier 27
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
l'omona Humboldt l:Sl> p Pier 9
Corona Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 3
China China and Japan.. 1 pm PMS3
Alameda Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
November 24.
laqua Humboldt 10 am Pier 2S
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way.| 9 am Fler 11
Columbia Portland & Astoriajll am Pier 4
November 25.
Eureka Humboldt 9 amlPler IS
Mandalay.... CoquiHe River 10 am|Pler 2
November 20.
Empire Coos Bay 3 pm Pier 13
Rival Willapa Harbor — 6 pm Pier — ¦
November 27.
State of Cal.. San Dipgo & Way. » am Pier 1\
City Pucbla.. Puget Sound Port 3 11 am Pier S
Novembrr 28.
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
November 20.
O. W. Elder... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Palena Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
£an Bias Panama & way.... 12 m PMSS
Australia Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
November 30.
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Totmes Hamburg & Way. — pm Pier 27
FROM SEATTLE!.
Steamer. From. Due.
City of Seattle Skagway & Way Ports Nov. 24
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports Nov. 21
Kxcelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Xov. 25
Chas. Nelson.. Skagway & Way Ports Nov. 23
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports Nov. 26
Al-Ki I Skagvray & Way Ports Dec. 8
Sum, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide la the same at both places.
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22.
Sun rises 6: 37
Sun Bets t 4 :55
Moon seta .^..2:43 a. m.
Time Time' TimS Time
Date Ft. Ft. — — Ft. Ft.
LWHW L W H W
2 .. 1:24 1.6 7:56 5.8 2:30 O.S 9:10 4.5
23 .. 2:12 1.9 8:36 6.2 3:20—0.4 10:11 4.7
24 .. 3:02 2.1 9:19 6.5 4:09—0.9 11:10 4.8
25 .. 3:48 2.2 10:04 6.7 5:00—1.3
I W L. W H W L W
26... 0:03 4.9 4:33 2.7 10:4.i 6.7 6:44—1.4
27 .. 0:53 4.8 5:24 2.8 11:82 6.6 6:88—1.4
28 .. I:4S 4.9 6:17 3.0 12:25 6.3 7:24—1.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tldeß of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minu* (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal
November 21, 1601.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building waa dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLET,
Lieutenant, U. S. Navy in Charge.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED,
cv. o „,*. Wednesday, November 20.
Schr Serena Thayer, Weber, 7 days from Eu-
Stmr Kadiak, Hanson, 8 daya 7 hours from
¦VflfilfljTi
c . „ .. __ Thursday. November 21.
Ptmr Scotia, alvig, 11 hours from Bowena
Landing 1 .
Stmr Pomona, Shea. 19 hours from Eureka, i
fatmr Matteawan. Croscup, 97 hours from
Tacoma; Onkland direct,
auie"*' PrOKreso> Warding, MB hours from Se-
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 55% hours from Port
land, via Astoria 48% hours.
Sa S n m DIe S <- B o nta RCa& ' Alexander - <0 hours from
Stmr Corona. Gielow, 58 hours from New
port, etc.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, 39 hours from
Redondo.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, IS hours from Cleone
Ger stmr Ramses. Blelenhere. 5 daya from
New whatco.ii; put in to finish loading.
Barge Santa Vaula. McGovern, hours
from \entura, In tow of tug Rescue; un river
direct.
Schr Newark, Crangle, 20 hours from Bowens
L,anutn«j.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Cook.- 22 days from
Nome, via Dutch Harbor 13 days.
CLEARED.
Thursday November M.
Stmr John S Kimball, Thwingr, Seattle; E T
Kruse & Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Lady»mlth; R
Dunomuir's Sons Co.
Bark C B Kenney, Holmqulst, Sallna Cruz;
C A Hooper & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, November 11.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, Cleone.
Stmr Pleiades, Smith, Seattle.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle. Port Harford.
Stmr J S Kimball, Thwlng, Seattle.
Stmr North Fork. Fosen. Kureka.
Stmr Luella, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, Moss Landln*.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck. Kureka and Port
land, Or.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Celia. Adler, Mendocino.
Schr Reliance, Olsen, Fisks Mill.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Point Reyes.
SPOKE.V.
Nov 7, about 480 miles east of Sta Lucia, stmr
Hawaiian, from New York, for San Francisco
Nov IS, lat 4S N, lon 8 W— Br ship Dovenby
Hall, from Antwers, for Portland, Or.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 21, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW, velocity 4 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr George W
Elder, hence Nov 19.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Nov 20— Stmr New
burg, for San Francisco.
DUTCH HARBOR— Sailed Nov 9-Schr Ralph
J Long, for Seattle.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Bruns
wick, from Eureka; stmr W H Kruger, from
Redondo.
Sailed Nov 20— Bktn Northwest, for Port
Towns»nd.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 20— Schr Stanley,
hence Nov 11. Nov 21, at 7 a m — Stmr Homer,
hence Nov 19; fitmr Noyo, hence Nov 20.
Sailed Nov 20— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Westpoit, for San Francisco; brig
Consuelo, for Hllo; schr Endeavor, for Manila.
Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Eureka, hence Nov 20;
schr Ida McKay, hence Nov 18.
Sailed Nov 21 — Stmr San Pedro, for San
Francisco; schr Otella Pederson, for Sydney;
Btmr laqua, for San Francisco.
PORT LO3 ANGELES— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr
Alcatraz, from Point Arena.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Nov 31— Stmr Ouala
la, hence Nov 20.
Sailed Nov 21— Stmr Point Arena, for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Nov 21— Stmr Coqullle
River, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— SaiIed Nov 21— Stmr Samoa, for
San Pedro.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 21— Br bark Metropo
lis, from Acapulco; Br bark Pass of Melford,
from Santa Rosalia; stmr Walla Walla, from
San Francisco.
PORT BLAKEI.EY— SaiIed Nov 21— Ship Wm
Smith, for San Francisco.
PORTLAND— Arrived Nov zl— Stmr Geo "W
Elder, from San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 21— 8tmr Excelsior,
from Vjildez.
Sailed Nov 21— Stmr Santa Ana. for Baa
Francisco.
Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Czarina, from San
Francisco; echr Nellie Colman, from Bristol
Bay.
NEAH BAT— Passed In Nov 21— Stmr Czar
ina, hence Nov 18, for Seattle.
Parsed out Nov 21 — Schr Meteor, from Port
Bl.ikeley, for San Pedro; stmr Victoria, from
Tacoma, for Hongkong; bktn John Smith, from
Port Blakeley, for San Francisco; bktn Klikl
tat, from Port Gamble, for Honolulu: bark
Abby Falmer. from Port Gamble, for Algoa
Bay; ntmr San Mateo, from Nanalmo, for Port
Los Angeles ; bark Levl G Burgess, from Ta
coma, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Nov 21— Br
ship Metropolis, for ; schr Nellie Coleman;
Br ship Pass of Melford. from Santa Rosalia.
Sailed Nov 21— Bktn Kllkttat, for Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANILA— Sailed Nov 20— U S Btmr Thomas,
for San Francisco.
COLON— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Finance, from
New York.
Sailed Nov IT— Stmr Alllanca, for New York.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Nov 20— Br
Btmr Duke of Fife, from Tacoma; Jap stmr
Kaga Maru, from Seattle.
Sailed Oct 31— Br stmr Stratheryle. for Ban
Diego. Nov 20 — Br stmr Empress of India, for
Vancouver.
MOJl— Sailed Nov 17— Br stmr Falls of Kel
tic, for Tacoma.
KOBE— Sailed Nov 19— U S stmr Hancock,
for San Francisco.
PORT SAlD^Arrived Nov.»-Br stmr Rubl.
from Glasgow, ' for Manila.
STA LUClA— Sailed Nov B— Stmr Hawaiian,
from New York, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— In port Oct 15— Ger ship Reln
bek, for Portland. Or.
Arrived Nov 20— Stmr City of Peklnc, hence
Oct 31. Nov 19— Br stmr Empress of Japan,
from Vancouver.
PORT RAlD— Arrived Nov 21— Br stmr Maria
de I-arrinaira, from Liverpool, for Manila.
SHlELDS— Arrived Nov 19— Fr bark Brenn.
hence June 22.
DOVER— Passed Nov 21 — Br stmr Cymbeline,
hence Axis 30.
SINGAPORE— SaiIed Nov 18— Br stmr Yang
tse, for Sue*.
LADY SMlTH— Sailed Nov 20— Stmr Meteor,
for San Francisco.
PORT ARTHUR— Arrived Nov is— Nor stmr
Tyr. from Portland, via Vladivostok.
COOUIMBO— Arrived Nov 19— Br stmr Glenlo
gan, from Tacoma, for St Vincent.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Nov 10— Stmr Curacao,
for Baa Francisco.
- ADVSRTISSaEENTS.
Beauty's Blood Deep
How untrue the old adage ' 'Beauty's Skin Deep." How many women of beauti-
ful features marred by impura blood try m vain to get a pure complexion by doctor-
ing the skin. The quickest, surest, only way to beauty is to cleanse the blood.
i>rifr*i_ mn "I h*T« been taking Casearets for pimples »ad
jtiFfjiSßlfSJb, JJS^ havoboca ireatly benefited."
— Miss Gertruja Grant, Cambridg*. Vast.
j^BjlMMr^SiW'^B^ "'3ap»w "I am rery well pleased with. Cascarcts. Thsi torn
J^JBWBX^?S* l 'BßßpSHpsSjjS^*^aflaap^ fine for the complexion."
-' ignff^fa^HMWMHßßWßtßigßllfr —Miss Catherine C. Coffasan, 3. English, la.
ISvV^ "Casearets will clear th» complexion of bolls,
jGegBnBSES&Z^^^^^S&B&B/mSSilSJ^'^^ pimpl'M »nd blAckha«<i3 caused by irapnr? blood.',
lg^gp^^^ ;>^ < '~^ !> I^^ "C«scar»ts have don^» t?«a8 deal of c<x>d for ma
"^^^^^--^^^S^ x Ml * a ° ' -Hi» FloniTiee eooi, Webster City. I«.
*ft> /^^—'^^W^ \Mfc?B^^B^^ "I mist add my t«st'meninl to your TaluabU
*^s?&'lfcZ£S£?*^i O^^&^^S^VHl medicine Cascareia for stomach trouble."
s - y " :^V» —Irene Aekennan siDs«r>, .
tSs^l'^ '^^y£ i «2l»£S/ a Ws9i Fifteenth Street New Tork.
¦jJJSjU i* 2 * ff*9b !|b^» is3f *"' was suffering with sick headaches » er«at deal, bat
/¦fcsgil|a %. #M ' • Sff, Wm^Vv after takins a '..<¦-: or Casear«tJ. wa entirely cured."
.-^^ *S^S ..'l^ay • —Miss Clara Stimmel, S3 So. .Sanduaky St.. Delaware, O.
l'\ f>r Vaß Sz& '<§&&? "Cascurets did me a -world 0" good. Jly liver was in bad
L _~~ Jji * tin J mSSf coailtion for tome tim« au«l nut bot cur""l mo."
r^'^^^f^l ;^, . —Mtss Mabel Allen. Clare. Michigan.
¦ H^c**^v\ r-^\. "I have taken Casesreta for my complexion and Cod
' J>Bcs«»'.\\ X. *sf!t jrfSiL tkey are very pleas ans to ta<« and har« b>::!tflti-<l ma
\s^L--)l \Nlr V^^ wondcrfal!y."-ili»*EUaaV. UunSor, Palaska. i'lon.la.
\^y J *^2f«> PT V_ "My -wife had pitaplns on her faco. Sho took Cay u-'m
\r S^"~~^3^¥§r ¦^•^^^^ »nd the- pimples all^disappeared. We cannot s^eaic to*
> 7///-V '"^^ m —Fred V.'alim'an, S7CB G?rmaatown Are-.. Phila., Pa.
- \ 3T /^ // * "Whan I wmaußetd takin; Ca»ear?ts. I was v«i>««9k
\ A. // a * " n d nervous an* had a Tery offensive Ureath. IS is no*
\ 11 § flTs months since 1 quit t*kii~ Casearets and all thoss
X.. If f awful spells have disappeared."
i V. • "'; .¦ 1 / •.'•" . . .' . — Mla» Annio Dnn;«n, Ecrchard, laa.
j How many, many young women are anaemic, pale, sickly-looking, perhaps
with pimples on face and neck, owing to poor, unhealthy blood. Perhaps wo-
manhood is approaching, that serious time of life when irregularities are liable
to break down a constitution. The first rule for purifying: and enriching the
blood is to keep the bowels free and natural, gently but positively, without ncr»
vous shock, and Cascarets Candy Cathartic is the only medicine to do it.
/?»r\rtrt^ n 4 r* Best for the Bowels. All druggists, ioc, 15c, 30c. Never sold in talk.
6\J*»W l t*V%r?# The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or you*
imSr 3 " money back. Sample and booklet free. Addre«
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. St
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov :i— Stmr La Bre
tagne, for Havre; stmr H H Meier, for
Bremen.
GLASGOW— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr KastaHa.
from Montreal.
BOULOGNE— SaiIed Nov »o— Stmr Palatla,
from Hamburg, for New York. Wa« reported
passed Portland Hill Nov 20.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Nov 20— Stmr Kron
Prlnz Wilhelm, from Bremen and Southamp
ton, for New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Nov Jl— Stmr Switzer
land, for Philadelphia.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Nov 21— Stmr Majes
tic, from Liverpool, for New York.
LONDON— Sailed Nov 21— Stmr Minneapolis,
for New York.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed :Cov 21— Stmr Potsdam.
for New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Nov 21— Stmr New Eng
land, from Queenstown and Boston.
RIO JANElßO— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Flint
shire, from San Francisco, via Coronel, etc.
for Antwerp.
MANY MOURNEHS ATTEND
W. J. BEATTY'S FUNEBAL
Remains of Man Prominent in Poli
tics and Fraternal Work Laid
at Rest.
The funeral of the late Will J. Beatty,
who was well known in this city and in
Sacramento tn political circles and fra
ternal circles', took pii-.ce yesterday after
noon. The services were held in Pythian
Castle under the auspices of Damon
Lodge and the Past Chancellors' Associa
tion of the Knights of Pythias an-i
Franklin Lodge of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen.
Mr. Beatty, during many of the ear'y
years of California, waa a resident of the
northern mines. He trcn was for many
years in Sacramento, holding a position
in the office of Creed Haymond. He took
an active part in politics. He removed
to this city and at various times was em
ployed in the office of the County Clerk
and of the Tax Collector. He took up
fraternal work and was officer of each
of the lodges named Rod the recorder of
Franklin Tx>dge for many years.
At the funeral service there were many
present who knew him and loved him for
his many deeds of chanty. The service of
the Episcopal Churcn was read, afce
which Past Grand Master W. H. Barnes
of the Workmen delivered a touching
eulogy upon the life work of the de
ceased. He was followed by Past Gran.l
Chancellor W. H. Bodftsh, who told of the
active part the deceased took in his life
time in the upbuilding of the Knlg-hts of
Pythias in this city.
Game Law Violator Caught.
Deputies Walters and Kercheval of the
Fish and Game Commission arrested Wil
liam Brown yesterday for having more
than twenty-five quail in his possession.
Brown is a driver for C. Norman, a com
mission merchant, who owned the bird 3.
Chief Deputy Vogelsang states that com
mission merchants are evading the law
and that he expects to make several ar
rests within a few days.
F. J. Bethel, dentist. 1170 Market. •
Cannot Collect Damages.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that Ruth Harrison, widow of John Har
rison, who was killed in a collision be
tween a Sutter-street car and a brewery
wagon last year*, is not entitled to dam
ages.
Have
You
Got a
Cold?
Why don't you cure it — get rid
of it?
Step into the drug store and ask
for a bottle of
,/falpruner's
Take a teaspoonf ul in a half glass
of water or milk every hour —
inhale the vapor, and you will be all
right in a few hours.
AH druggists — 50c and $1.00 a
bottle--but demand the genuine.
Dr. Halpruner — I have tried a good many remedies for
colds, but I have never found anything that will knock out a
cold so quickly as your Wonderful Medicine. I took a severe
cold last week, which annoyed me considerably, but I was cured
in less than four hours after taking Halpruner's. If any one
doubts : that Halpruner's will cure colds «end them over to me.
" W. S. BERDICK.
Carpenter, 219 Sacramento St., San Francisco, Cal.
October 16.
MY LADY KEEPS
SEALSKIN COAT
Detectives Search Mrs.
Yarde - Buller's
Residence.
Lady Leila Tarde-Buller cfeverly outfit
ted a saleswoman in the fur store of H.
Liebes St Co., on Post street, last Friday,
and Tuesday S. W. Saalburg. secretary
of the company, secured a warrant fjom
Judge Cabaniss to search her temporary
residence at 712 Van Ness avenue for th«
purpose of obtainjngc possession of a seal
skin coat. The warrant was given to De
tective Harper and he made & return yes
terday that he had made a thorough
search of the residence, but had failed to
find the coat, and the»e the matter rests.
It appears that Lady Yarde-Buller sent
the coat to the company to be repaired
and altered. Friday last she called at
the store and the coat was fitted on her.
She expressed her satisfaction with ths
workmanship and was told that the bill
was $10*).
"You can charge the amount to my ac
cour.t," said her ladyship.
"You have no credit here," said the
saleswoman who waited on her, "and you
must pay cash."
•'I am Lady Yarde-Buller," said her
ladyship, "and I tell you to charge It to
my account."
The saleswoman asked her ladyship to
wait till she went and consulted with the
manager. She went away for that pur
pose, and Lady Yarde-Buller walked out
of the store with the sealskin coat on her
back.
The company made a demand for the
return of the coat or the money, but both
w<?re refused, and a resort was made to
the courts in the shape- of the search war
rant.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
Southern Pacific special train leaves
San Francisco December 18. Los Angeles
December 19, reaching Mexico in tim« for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip San
Francisco, |80; Los Angeles. $70. Person
ally conducted. Dining car. Pullman
sleepers. Limit 60 days. Low side trip
rates. Optional Itineraries. Make reser
vations 613 Market street. San Francisco,
261 South Spring street, Los Angeles.
Cereghino Claims Wife Neglects Sim.
Joseph Cereghino filed a suit for divorc*
against Lily Cereghino for cruelty yester
day They were married August m 1900.
Cereghino alleges that his wife has neg
lected him in a shameful manner for the
last aix months, thereby causing him
great mental suffering. He claims that
she has often compelled him to prepare
his own meals and that she has spent the
money that he has given her in riotous
living. Bertha Whiteley was granted a
divorce from George L. Whiteley yester
day for desertion.
78
ELECTS CAPTAIN G. W. WITTMAN
CHIEF OF POLICE DEPARTMENT
Board of Commissioners Holds Special Meeting to Fill Vacancy and
All Members Except Mahoney Vote for the Nominee.
OF POLICE GEORGE
f * W. WITTMAN was elected
(JL^> chief of the •lepartment, to serve
for four year«. at a special meet
ing of the Police Commissioners,
held yesterday afternoon.
After the adjournment of the regular
meeting of last Tuesday night the Com
missioners held a number of consulta
tions and decided that the best interests
of the department and the city at large
required that a Chief rhould be elected
without further delay.
Yesterday's special meeting was an
nounced for 3 p. m., and at that hour
President Xewhall ana Colonel ; Howel!
arrived at the board rooms in the Hall of
Justice. Fifteen minutes later Commis
sioners Wallace and Mahoney reached
the place of meeting and the board was
then called to order.
It was known that Xrwhall and How
ell favored th-? election of Captain Wit*
man last Tuesday nUl.\ but Judge Wal
lace postponed action by opposing the
board's desire to consider the matter at
that time. Mahoney all along announce!
himself as against Wiltmann's selection,
and at the meeting yesterday did not
hesitate to mike an ill-timed attack on
the merits of Wittman.
Judge Wallace delivered a speech, in
which he gave his reasons for voting for
Wittman's appointment, while Xewhall
and Howell felt that the occasion r;
quired no explanation for their affirma
tive votes, after the views of Judge Wall
ace were expressed.
President Xewhall. in calling the meet
ing to order, announced that it had been
arranged for the purpose of electing a
Chief of the Police Department to suc
ceed the late William P. Sullivan.
Secretary Cadwalladcr called the roll of
the board and President Newhall then
asked for nominations for the vacant
office.
• Commissioner Mahoney endeavored to
block any action by saying that as Mayor
Phelan was an ex-officio member of the
board, it should not -take any action in
his absence.
President Newhall announced that ho
had spoken to the Mayor about the mat
ter, and that the chief executive had In
formed him that he did not desire to at
tend the meeting.
Colonel Howell then placed the name
of Captain Wittman in nomination and as
no other candidates were put forward the
president declared the nominations
closed.
President Xewhall :i:iormed his asso
ciate Commissioners that when the vote
was taken it should be by affirmative and
negative answers. - .
The secretary then billed the names of
the Commissioners, tins first to respond
being Judge Wallace.
Wallace Compliments Wittman.
Judge Wallace, in voting for Wittman.
said:
In this connection I wish to say that it has
been a matter of a great deal of consideration
as far as I am concerned In the election of a
Chief of Police — and I think my associates have
also given the matter of the selection of a
Chief careful consideration In trying to find a
man who could fill this important place for us.
Of course there are ether men who might fill
this office properly, and every good citizen
wishes to tee the office filled by a man who
ran preserve the order and keep the peace. I
have looked into th's matter carefully and be
/T> .».-«-« ¦» * ¦«¦ ?»-«-?--«--»-«-?« «^'*'-'V.«-.«..«-?-_»_-1
TELEGRAPH HILL TUNNEL
FAVORED BY SUPERVISORS
Street Committee Recommends That
Flan Be Included in Bond
Issue.
The Supervisors' Stre~t Committee yes
terday recommended that work in cor
n with Telegraph Hill be done in
-ccordance with a report made by the
Kngineer, which contemplates th?
•hanging of the grades, the establish
ment of a new street and the construc
ion of a tunnel aboui 950 feet long.
The improvements will cost approxi
mately $430,000, for wnich bonds may De
Fuert". should the p~ jpie so decide.
It Is planned to ccnrect Montgomery
street b> a tunnel from near Jackso-i
streets with "he low ground north of
V'allejo street, ar.d t._- .stablish a new
txeet lying midway between Mont-
MAX SELECTED BY THE POLICE
COMMISSIONERS TO BE CHIEF
OF THE DEPARTMENT.
leve that Captain Wittman has seen service
for a number of years In discharge of police
duties and has always shown a high capacity
in that direction.
T\'h»n I pause to think of the administration
of the Police Department under Chief Crowley
we know and I know that the administration
of Crowley received the approbation of every
body and when any important piece of work
was to be done in the department Chief Crow
ley would always select Captain Wittman to
go to the front, even taking him from hi?
district, v.here his servlfe?' were needed, and I
believe that Captain AVittman was always suc
cessful in th*- clip-harKe of his duties.
I have no doubt, and even am so informed,
that if chief Crowley were here to-day
ho would vote for this man. Our late lament
ed Chief of Police Sullivan, whenever he was
absent on account of sickness or otherwise, al
ways nominated Captain Wittman to be act-
Ing Chief. J!e has repeatedly done this, and
nt th? last moment, when the late Chief died.
Captain Wittman was selected to represent
him. All these facts bring to mv mind the
fact that we are making no mistake in our
selection and that we are not petting a new nor
an untried man. but that we are getting a man
who has received the approval and approba
tion of nil the Chiefs of Police under whom he
has served.
I am sure the late Chief wan highly appre
ciated by all in this city and county as an
honorable, conscientious and. a good man. Ac
cording to my best Judgment and to all the
ideas 1 have been able to reach, and considering
all the Information that I have been able to
get, and as I firmly believe, I think that in
Caj.tain Wittman we will find a man who will
perform those high duties In an honorable and
efficient manner. He is no doubt n man of
great capacity, and has been tried and has
not been found wanting. I have not been able
to find any one to come up to Captain Witt
man in these qualifications, hence I vote for
him.
Mahoney Attacks Nominee.
Commissioner Mahoney, who voted
against Wittman, then rose and said:
I agrpe with Judge Wallace that a man se
lected for this office should be possessed of
many qualities, a man of unquestioned honesty
and unquestioned Integrity, a man of clear
common sense and good Judgment, who is so
sltuat<--<1 that h° would not engender discord or
discussion amon| the people. I believe that
Captain Wittman does *not fill these conditions
and I cannot conscientiously vote for him I
think the Judge Is mistaken when he says that
Captain Wittman wan always selected In the
late Chief's absence to act in his place. It Is
my recollection that It was his custom to se
lect Captain Seymour. On the occasion of his
last Illness Captain Seymour was not selected
because he was out of the city at the time. I
believe that the time has now come when the
methods at present In use in the Police De
partment have passed.
I do not believe that under ordinary circum
stances, when there is dissension among the
people, it is necessary to use force or
even harsh language. I believe that the citi
zens of San Francisco are the most orderly in
the world when assembled in large gatherings
and the easiest handled, and I do not believe
that people should be handled In a brusque and
rough manner as they have been. Those police
methods have passed. From my observations
I do not believe that the candidate named is
possessed of the advanced class and Ideas of
what a Chief of Police should be possessed of.
Consequently I find It Incumbent upon me to
decline to vote for Captain Wittman and will
r.ot suggest any other name, as I do not desire
to place anybody In the position of being In
personal antagonism to the Chief who will be
elected.
When President Newhall announced the
result of the election, he requested Ser
geant Gl*»ason to call Captain Wittman
into the board room.
Captain Wittman. the new Chief, en
tered the room and after saluting: stood
at attention in front of the Commission
ers" table.
President Xewhall. addressing the now
Chief, said: "I wish to say to you that
the Board of Police Commissioners has
rlectod you Chief of Police of the city of
Fan Francisco."
Komery and Sansome thence northerly lo
terminate at Winthrop street.
Edgar Painter, secretary of the. North
Central Improvement Association, stated
that the Board of Tirule and mercharts
favored the plan and requested that it be
incorporated in the bond proposition.
James H. O'Brien was granted permis
sion to macadamize certain blocks on
Crestnut, Francisco. Octavia and La
guna streets.
Would Not Prosecute Her.
Ada Carothers, who was accused of
grand larceny for stealing two diamonds
and a pearl ring from Mrs. W. Gage, 554
McAllister street, appeared before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday. Mrs. Page told the
Judge that she had promised the girl
that if she returned the jewelry she would
not prosecute her. The girl had done
so. and Mrs. Page Said she would keep
her promise and not swear to a complaint
The Judge had to dismiss the case.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1901.
"I wish to thank you very kindly for
thi* high honor conferred upon me," an
swered Captain Wittman, "and I wish to
say to you and to the public in general
that no act of mine while in office will
bring the blush of shame on your or their
cheeks. Gentlemen, I thank you again."
The new Chief of Police then shook
hands with all the Commissioners and he
was congratulated by the officials and
many of the hrads of the various
branches of the Police Department.
Life of the New Chief.
George W. Wittman was born on June
28, 1857, in Hastings, Minn., and came to
California via the Isthmus of Panama
with his parents when he was six months
old. The family first settled in Amador
County, Wittman's father taking up min
ing. When George W. Wittman was 13
years old his fa.ther moved to San Fran
cisco and the new Police Chief has re
sided in this city since that time. He
was educated in the public schools of
San Francisco and was apprenticed to a
plumber, learning his trade thoroughly.
Wittman was appointed a patrolman on
the police force on April 23, 18S2, and for
five years patrolled Kearny street, from
California to Market.
In August, 18SS, he was promoted to be
sergeant and on April 1, 1895, was made
a lieutenant. On July 31 of the same year
he was made a captain to succeed Cap
tain Douglass, who retired. Wittman was
placed in command of the northern po
lice district, the most important in the
city. It embraces ail the territory north
of Market street and west of Front street.
During the recent labor troubles Witt
man was in charge of the police officers
detailed by the late Chief Sullivan to
maintain order in the business districts
and on the water front. He was an able
aid to the late Chief during the time that
President McKinley was a guest of San
Francisco and on all occasions has shown
himself fearless and faithful in the exe
cution of his duties.
The new Chief takes his new honors
modestly. He said his aim would be to
please the entire community and that he
would be accessible to any one who de
sired to see him on business of the de
partment.
The widow of the late Chief Sullivan
yesterday presented the new Chiet of Po
lice the gold badge worn by Colonel Sul
livan during his tenure of office. Chief of
Police Wittman was a close personal
friend of the late Chief Sullivan and his
solicitude during Sullivan's last illness
was most pronounced.
There was general satisfaction express
ed last evening In the Police Department
and throughout the city that Wittman
had been elected as head of the Police
Department.
Chief Wittman received the following
congratulatory telegrams on his appoint
ment last night:
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 21, 1901.— George
W. Wittman, Chief of Police: Accept my
hearty congratulations on your appointment as
Chief of Police. CHARLES ELTON,
Chief of Police.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 21, 1901.— George W.
Wittman. Chief of Police, San Francisco: Ac
cept my hearty congratulations on your promo
tion. JOHN E. SULLIVAN, Chief of Police.
STOCKTON. Cal. Nov. 21, 1901.— George W.
Wittman, Chief of Police. San Francisco Cal. :
My slncerest and heartiest congratulations.
Nothing could have pleased me more.
JOHN D. GALL, Chief of Police.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 21, 1901.— George W
Wittman, Chief of Police, San Francisco: Con
gratulations and best wishes.
A. WILSON, Captain of Police.
STOCKTON, Cal., Nov. 21. 1901.—Congratula
tions. TV. E. JOHNSON,
President Board of Police and Fire Commis
sioners.
SAN JOSE. Cal.— George W. Wittman: Allow
me to congratulate you on your appointment
as Chief of Police. You are deserving of the
honor bestowed upon you and the Commis
sioners have used good Judgment in their se
lection. I consider you the ablest police officer
on the Pacific Coast and the city of San Fran
cisco should be proud of their Chief.
JAMES A. KIDWARD. Chief of Police
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 21, 1901.— George W
Wittman, Chief of Police. San Francisco- Con
gratulations. Frisco and Oakland departments
are now one. Man and merit won success In
everything. ST. C. HODGKINS,
Chief of Police.
COAST TRAFFIC AGENTS
HOLD ANNUAL ELECTION
Two Hundred New Members Are
Elected and Taken Into the
Association.
The Pacific Coast Association of Traffic
Agents held a meeting last evening at
the Palace Hotel and formed a permanent
organization. M. J. Roche, traveling pas
senger agent of the Denver and Rio
Grande at Portland, Or., was elected
president; vice president, J. W Adams
Nickel Plate, San Francisco; secretary'
and treasurer, Benjamin H. Trumbull
Illinois Central, Portland, Or. Ashland
Or., was selected as the place for th«
next meeting, to be held in April of next
year.
About 200 new members were taken Into
the organization. After adjournment a
light luncheon was partaken of in a
downtown restaurant.
CRIPPLES DEFEAT
PENNANT WINNERS
Play Sharp, Snappy Ball
at Recreation
Park.
Streib Makes Most Sensa
tional Catch of the
Season.
The Oakland cripples surprised both
themselves and their admirers yesterday
by defeating the San Franciscos by a
score of 6 to 3.
The Oakland aggregation played good
ball, although they would have doubled
their score had they been able to hit
more opportunely. Twice they had three
men on bases and any kind of a hit would
have been good for one or more runs, but
they were not equal to it.
The sensational play of the day and
one of the greatest ever seen on the
grounds was Streib's catch of Schwartz's
hit to right field in the fourth inning.
Streib had an unusually long run on a
heavy, slippery field for the ball. He
stopped it high in the air with his right
hand and the ball dropped into his left
hand. The small attendance of spectators
applauded tho play and greeted Streib
with applause when he returned from the
field.
In the next inning Schmidt flew to Nor
dyke at center field. The catch was al
most a duplicate of Streib's.
Oakland commenced its run-getting In
the first inning. Mohler, Dunleavy and
Streib were on the basea and Babbitt's
two-bagger sent them all scurrying home.
In the fourth Inning, with Mohler on
second, Streib sent the ball to right field
fence. It hit the top rail and bounded
back into the lot, robbing the batsman of
a home run. Mohler scored on the hit.
Shay's carelessness in the seventh let
in two runs. Francks hit a pop fly to
him and he was so sure of It he let
the ball slip through his fingers. Han
sen and Schmidt scored.
The Wasps captured their runs in the
first two innings. In the first Nordyke
started proceedings with a two-bagger
and scored on Hildebrand's out at first.
In the second inning Krug was hit by
pitcher and Shay sent the ball over cen
ter field fence for a home run. This
ended the run getting. Some of the wags
among the spectators whistled Chopin's
funeral march and directed It at the
Wasps as an intimation they were "dead
ones" yesterday.
Schmidt carried off the pitching honors,
having good control and great speed. He
walked only one man. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler, 2b 4 2 0 0 5 4 0
Francks, . ss 3 0 0 0 2 4 1
Dunleavy, c. f 5 1 1 0 1 0 0
Streib, r. f 3 1 2 0 2 0 0
Eagan, lb 5 0 1 0 ll) 0 0
Babbitt, 3b 4 0 2 0 0 10
Hamilton, 1. f 4 0 10 3 0 0
Hangen, c 6 1 2 0 4 0 0
Schmidt, p 5 110 0 10
Totals 3S 6 10 0 27 10 1
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, c. f 3 110 10 0
Wilson, c 4 0 0 0 7 10
Hlldebrand, 1. t 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Schwartz, r. f 4 0 0 0 4 10
Krug, 2b 3 110 13 1
Shay, ss 4 12 0 2 2 1
Rellly, 3b 4 0 10 110
Graham, lb 3 0 0 0 8 0 1
Whalen, p 3 0 0- 0 1 2 0
Totals 32 3 5 0 27 JO 3
KUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 3 00100200—6
Base hits 2 0 11113 1 o—lo
San Francisco 1 20000000—3
Base hits 1 10201000—5
SUMMARY.
Runs resDonslble for— Schmidt 3, Whalen 1.
Home run— Shay. Two-base hits— Dunleavy,
Babbitt. Nordyke, Streib. Sacrifice hits—Bab
bitt. Francka. First base on errors— Oakland
3. First base on called balls — Oakland 5, San
Francisco 1. Left on bases— Oakland 13, San
Francisco 4. Struck out — By Schmidt 4, by
"Whslen 4. Hit by pitcher — Krug. Double play
—Mohler to Bagan. Wild pitch— Whalen. Time
of came — 1 hour and 40 minutes. Umpire —
Levy. Official scorer— McFarltn.
Angelenos Defeat Senators.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 21.— The Los Angeles
team celebrated Its return home with a victory
over Sacramento in spite of a bunch of errors
by the Infield. Spies was hurt and Klhm re
lieved him behind the bat. Sacramento hit
Hale hard, but at Inopportune times. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dougherty, r. f 3 10 0 2 0 0
Hemphlll. c. f 3 .12 0 2 0 0
Atherton. 1. 1 4 0 0 0 2 0 1
Reltz. 2b 4 12 0 4 2 1
Kihm. lb. c 3 10 0 6 11
Hall. 88 4 12 0 14 0
Rellly, 3b 4 12 0 3 2 0
Spies, c 3 0 2 16 2-1
Hale p 3 0 10 0 0 0
Hutchlnson, lb 10 0 0 2 0 0
Totals 32 6 11 1 27 11 4
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. '. E.
Flood. 2b 4 1112 2 0
Sheehan, 3b 4 0 10 2 2 1
Stanley, c 4 0 2 0 0 2 0
Courtney, c. f 4.0 10 30 0
Hotter, r. f 4 12 0 10 0
Davis, lb 4 01.0 10 1 0
McLaughlin. 1. f.... 4 110 10 0
Devereaux. ss 2 0 10 4 3 1
McNeely. p 4 12 0 1.1 0
Totals 34 4 12 1 24 11 ,~2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles .1 0000401*— 6
Base hits... 12110402 •— 11
Sacramento 00 I 00200— 4
Base hits. 30141120 0-12
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hale 2. Kihm 1, Mo-
Neeley 4. Three-base hit— Hemphlll. Two-base
hits— Reltz Hall 2, Sheehan, Stanley, Hotter,
McLaughlin. Sacrifice Hemphill. Klhm.
Devereaux. First base on error— Sacramento
1. First base on called balls— Angeles 2.
Left on bases— Los Angeles ' 5. Sacramento 4.
Struck out— By Hale 4. Hit by pitcher—Dever
eaux. Double plays— Hall to Reitz to Kihm 2,
Reitz unassisted, Devereaux to Flood to Davis.
Passed Kihm. ; Time of game— Um
pire— Harpei\____^^^_____ | __
Sale of Thoroughbreds.
The following prices were realized last
night at the sale of J. Naglee Burk's
thoroughbreds at Occidental Horse Ex
change :
Majesta, eh. f. by Drum Major, $35,
Frank Whetstone; Meno, bay colt by
Drum Major, $45, Dan McCarthy; Mezza,
eh. f. by Crescendo, $105, Dan McCarthy;
Molto, br. c. by Brioso, $300, T. H. Wil
liams Jr.; Mordente, eh. f. by Brioso, $80,
Frank Whetstone; Maestoso, eh. colt by
Drum Major, $30, P. J. Kelly; Mesto, eh.
colt by Brloso, $100, T. H. Williams Jr.;
Mlnore. bay f. by. Crescendo, $350, Burns
& Waterhouse; Maggiore, eh. f. by Cres
cendo, $50, Mr. Woods; Morendo, eh. colt
by Brioso, $250, T. H. Williams Jr.; Me
lisma, bay f. by Crescendo, $40, J. Paul
son; Muta, eh. f. by Crescendo, $180, John
<j*vens; Moresca, eh. f. by St. Carlo, $600,
T. H. Williams Jr.; Missa, bay f. by
Crescendo, $105, "Jim" Neal; Lento, eh. c.
by Drum Major, $125. "Daggie" Smith;
Lunga, brown f. by Crescendo, $300,
"Daggie" Smith; Lentamente, eh. f. by
Crescendo, $100, I. Moorehouse; Legato,
eh c. by Brioso, $65, H. S. Kilbourne; Le
gare, eh. f. by imp. Golden Garter, $375,
W. Mendenhall; Larghetta, eh. f. by
Crescendo, $35, Dan McCarthy; Libitum,
eh. c. by Drum Major, $35, J. Paulson;
Largamente, eh. f. by Crescendo, $S5. Mr.
O'Donnell; Impresario, eh. f. by Flam
beau, $100, W. C. de B. Lopez; Imponente,
eh. f. by Drum Major, $55, J. Barton;
Infra, bay f. by Bellicoso, $35, John Ryan;
Casslope, bay f. by Sam Lucas, $80, A. J.
Molera.
Thomas H. Williams Jr. bought four
horses, which he will turn out on his
ranch to allow them to mature. Some
have racing engagements which he will
let them fill before sending them away.
"Olympic Club Handball Matches
•" The Olympic : Club i - r handball tourna
ment was continued last night. Tait de
feated ' Ransome . 21 — 21—5. '¦¦..'¦¦ *
.Rosenfleld defeated Clough 21—2, 21—4. .
Curley defeated Pendergast 15—21, 21—
10, 21—19. T.'.C - " r' . •
To-night N. A. Hewson will play
George James. B. B. Bowman , will play
M. Green and T. I. Fitzpatrick will meet
F. C. Wegener.
SAN JUAN. Porto Rico, Nov. 21.— The United
States training ship Buffalo arrived here to
day from Tenerlffo.
EONIC IS BEATEN ONLY A HEAD
BY THE FAST MUDLARK ORDNUNG
Big Crowds at Oakland Racetrack and the Talent Continues Its
Bombardment of the Books — Johnny Woods in Fine Form*
ONLY through hla superior knowl
edge of saddle tactics did Johnny
Woods save the crack Schorr
mud horse Ordnung from defeat
at Oakland track yesterday. More
coin than half a dozen stevedores could
handle was banked on the chances of
Ordnung, until the price reached 2 to 5.
The event in which he figured was third
on the programme, and at the start
"Woods had the favorite away, sailing. In
the stretch Eonic, with Hoar and but 9<
pounds up, introduced herself to the
leader. Caesar Young's filly proved a
more than Interesting traveling compan
ion and, had Woods not finally been gen
uinely scared and bumped her with Ord
nung three or four times in a rude ana
insulting manner, she would have won.
As it was, the favorite appeared fortu
nate indeed to score by a neck. No one
will complain at a rider being ambitious
and doing his best to win, but when he
resorts to questionable jockeying it s a
ferryboat to a peanut stand that sooner
or later his mount will be disqualified by
the officials in the stand. FnzKanet, the
St. Louis mudlark, ran third in the race
mentioned and with more racing luck
might have taken a larger slice of the
purse.
Favorites Splash Home.
Number "One" mud it was that covered
th ; track, soft and somewhat sloppy, and
four more favorites splashed home first.
It made the third or lourth straight day
that the talent had worsted the books
and some few layers of odds are becom
ing nearsighted for a "good
break."
Floronso, a rejuvenated cripple, won
the introductory mile run at odds of 5
and 6 to 1. He led the favorite, Darlene,
from the start, beating Dr. Rowell's filly
by three open lengths. Commonwealth
Attorney ran third.
If Essence, the even-money favorite for
the mile and a sixteenth event which fol
lowed, had been compelled to run thirty
yards further he would not have won.
For a mile the Burns & Waterhouse en
try seemed to be only galloping, then
the gelding began backing up and, hard
pressed at the wire, led Bonnie Lissak
out a neck. Cromwell lost the show to
Castake by twenty lengths.
About the only starter in the four fur
long selling affair that could get within
hailing distance of Sea Lion was The
Singer. The last-named horse looked to
have a chance once during the race but
found the clip too rugged, and the fa
vorite enjoyed an easy victory. Old Ring
master dropped into the show at odds
of 30 to 1.
Racing Head and Head.
Green Morris scratched Homestake
from the five furlong two-year-old scram
ble and P. Guilfoyle's Redan went to the
post a hot favorite. The first choice acted
badly over at the barrier but finally got
away very well and won all the way.
Sister Jeanie cut quite a dash In second
place as far as the stretch, but, not being
up to a gruelling race, fell out of it.
Josie G finished a close second, four
lengths ahead of Dean Swift.
Winnie O'Connor's mount, Dunblane,
carried the bulk of the coin bet on tne
closing mile run, decided under selling
conditions. Racing head and head almost
with Alfred C, Jockey Birkenruth, on
Lodestar, caught the two leaders all out
and landed the outsider a handy first.
In a fierce drive Dunblane just beat Al
fred C a neck for second place.
Track Notes.
O'Nell. the clever lightweight who made
such a hit riding at St. Louis the past
season, will arrive to-day. The youngster
can do 90 pounds and comes under en
gagement to Walter Jennings.
Willie Buchanan, the Oakland boy who
HANLON DEFEATS
JOCKEY BENNETT
Clever Bantam-Weights
in a Remarkable
Fight.
Eddie Hanlon gained the decision over
Jockey Bennett in a four-round boxing
bout last night before the Bay City Ath
letic Club at the Mechanics' Pavilion
Annex after one of the most sensational
fights ever seen here. The two bantam
weights stood up and fought every mo
ment of the four rounds.
When the gong sounded Bennett at once
landed some stinging blows on Hanlon's
head and had him slightly in distress.
Toward the end of the round Hanlon sent
a straight left to the head, scoring a
clean knockdown. The second round com
menced with a great exchange of rights
and lefts, neither youngster flinching from
the punishment. During the rounu each
had the other groggy. The best blow of
the round was a right swing to the face
which Bennett landed.
Jockey Bennett was knocked down in
the third round, but came strongly in the
stretch run and scored two rights to the
head.
Hanlon was the aggressor in the last
round, Bennett clinching to avoid punish
ment. He made one stand, but Hanlon
took all the punishment he could give and
just at the end of the fight knocked him
down. The house was In a turmoil during
the entire bout, all tWfe spectators being
on their feet, while a surging, swaying
mob surrounded the ring, urging on the
"game little boxers.
Bob Johnson and Dick Cullen were the
first brace in the ring. They went at It
from the start and fought fast throughout
the four rounds. Johnson was slightly
heavier than his opponent and this toid
before the end of the fight. He won on
points.
Joe Angell and Bob Thomas looked like
a part of a klnetoscope picture— arms and
legs flying about In a weird manner.
Neither could hit a clean blow, but they
furnished plenty of amusement for the
spectators. It was called a draw.
William Ingham and Jim Richards
fought four rounds, the latter getting the
decision.
Ed Martin stopped Jack SulUvan In the
fourth round. He wore down his man
and a blow In the stomach did the busi
ness. In the second round Martin had
Sullivan groggy and it seemed the end
was near. In the third round Sullivan
outgamed him and fought him to a stand
still. Martin came back the stronger
and won.
George Peterson gave Pete McGee his
customary beating. Peterson knocked
him down twice and cut him badly.
Joe Hill knocked out Jack McDonald in
the second round. The latter was un
necessarily punished. For a time it seemed
a tragedy would be enacted. The referee
should never have permitted the finishing
blows to be delivered as McDonald was
helpless. He was a long time regaining
consciousness.
James McDevitt was referee and Jim
Griffin jud.ee
Racing at Bennings.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.-Bennlngs sum
mary:
First rare, hurdle, about one mile and three
quarters—Jim M>«ribbon won, Gould second
Tantard third. Time. 3:23.
Second race, six furlongs; purse. $300— Happy
won, Cornwall second. Royal Sterling third
Time. 1:16.
Third race, seven furlongs— Waswift won
TVwey second, Bessie McCarthy third Time'
1:30.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs— Key
note won. Extinguisher second, Luxeasta third
Time. 1 :08 4-5.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth— Elara won.
Balloon second. Wunderlich third. Time. 1-52
Sixth race, seven furlonKS— Andy Williams
won. The Puritan secqpd, Lamp o' Lee third.
Time, 1:29 1-5.
BERLIN, Nov. 21.— The committee of the
municipality appointed to deal with the Unter
den Linden controversy between the Emperor
and the municipality has capitulated and to
day adopted by a. vote of 9 to 2 his Majesty's
plan for the projected alterations.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAlHiAND^BACKnßACK— Thursday^o^^l.— cloudy. Track nmdj7'
2860. FIRST RACE— mile'; sailing; threa-year-olds and up; value to first. 1325,
" Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Wt. St. K. H. Btr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
¦• Floronso ••—"••• 109 3 2* 1* 14 13 P. McGulre....J. T. Woods 5 5
M4B Darlene 3 M 4 4n 3n II 2 4 |Dr. H. E. Rowell..Bir*nrth 7-5 M
wm om v Attorney. 4...109 3 In 4 4 3n 3 4 P. Corrigan J. Wood» 2 i
2606 Meadow Lark a... 109 1 !'h 5 4 ',1 4 6 Elmwood Farm Mounce i •
2769 Mont Eagle. 4 109 7 «H 73 710 61 C P Fink Bheehan 6 U
I S*-*^*— V— 2 !31 M 41 ?3? 3 T. Case ... Romero 15 30
HB7 ?,»»^. r"h n l V"S ! i 5i 5 S* * 5 710 W - ° Matthew,.. Matthew. 10 13
2787 Justus Goebel. 3.. .100 5 8 8 8 8 H. H. Look A Co..Watrbry 13 15
Time— H 2 ! 1 14, :52%; %, 1:20; mile, 1:47. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ts?"«»i»i i *t^- , McGulre ' a b L g - by FonB o-Florence C. Winner resurrected from the crip
ple division. Darlene did her best. Attorney could not keep up. Meadow Lark a poor mud- •
2861. SECOND RACE— I 1-16 miles; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to flrst. $325.
Tndex - Horse. Age. wt. St. %. H- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op" °O.
if}? Essence 4 107 2 13 12 13 In Burns A Waterhse. . Woods 4-5 £$
2846 Bonnie Llssak. 3... 98 1 2 % 22 310 21 Ezell & Lazarus.. Blrkenrth 3 5-2
2540 81 * 116 ' 6 109 36 3 1 In 320 O. W. Boesecke.. .. Romero 3 9-3
2602 Cromwell, a... .....112 5 3h 4 4 4 8 410 E. W. Purser Tamplin • ID
2520 Sisenvlne. 3 9644h5 5 5 J. C. Nealon ' 'lnslette 15 30
T ' me 1 '] 6'6 ' :07; K. :23%: %• :51 ** : %• 1:19; mile. 1:46\; 1 1-lSm. 1:53%. Good start. Won flrst
tnree driving. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's b. g. by St. Andrew-Extract. Essence tired
# very badly last sixteenth. Bonnie stood a lons drive. Castake showed some Improvement
Cromwell was short.
2862. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; value to flrst. 1325.
Index. Horse. Age. Wt. St. %. H- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. "ci.
2847 Sea Lion, 6 110 5 22 21 1(i 11% Caesar Young J. Woods 7-10 3T3
2828 The Singer. 4.. ....108 158 45 23 28 W. P. Magrane Mounce 5 4
2698 Ringmaster, a 107 77 62 53 32 O. Appleby Burlingame 20 30
S } £ re u(l| ce. * 107 4 lh 1% 32% 43 Burns & Waterhse.. 4 7
'SSP King Dellis. 4 110 3 4n 3n 43 510 C. Llnd Birkenruth 5 »
22 Corriente, a 107 2 3d 51% 68 . 610 J. J. Coalter Gatltff 40 200
2706 First Shot. 4 109 6 6 % 7 7 * 7 P. Moore &Co Romero -40 100
Time— %, :13; % - :25; % - :51: %• 1:17 : %• 1:31. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, Caesar Young's b. h. by Deceiver-Sea View. Winner stood some shaking
up In the stretch, but won cleverly enough at the end. The Singer a bit outclassed. Preju
dice quit early. King Dellis apparently no mud horse. Scratched— Senator Matts 107
Goldone 110. '
2863. FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index. Horse and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. "ci.
',%£& ? edal V, 107 3 11 IT 1 % 11 P. Gullfoyle Vittatoe ~TZ i
I ™V Sic ? 107 8 31 3n 22 24 J.S.Gibson Howson 7-3 S
«-« D . can S 7 lft -, 107 5 42 »H 5 1 3 1 W. M. Rogers Bullman 5 10
2656 Sister Jean1e.......108 2 2 n 21 32 42 W. B. Jennings A Co. O1O 1 Con 7-2 4
SL %l- arft "2 4 62 4 3 4H 55 J. W. O'Neal & Co..Wlnslt 10 10
IS? i?3 c < ?i ver •'•- 110 1 72 72 61 62 Elmwood Farm Mounce 10 25 f
2844 Silva Cruz no 7 5% 6 3 7 3 7 2 E. J. Baldwin & Co.. Ransm 7 '10 1
i;; 5 'ij, ne^? k k 109 8 8 8 8 8 "• J Wilson.. W. Narvaez 15 4»"
2704 Fred Atterburv. . . .102| • p. c. Smith Blrkenmth 20 40
Ti ™f— %. : ™l i ; ' )1 7 , : .^ w:50:w :50: % 1:03. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving
A\ inner. P. Gullfoyle s b. g. by Artillery-Princess Noretta. Redan took some riding in th«
run home and a stronger finisher on Josle G might have reversed things. Dean Swift bet-
It 1 " on a dr T i rack - S l ste J «^ ai c showed P lent y of speed. Silva Cnia lacked speed.
•Left. Scratched— 110, Buzz 99.
2864. FIFTH RACE-Slx furlongs; BeningTthree^yea^oia^^(rßpl"va.lue ~U> first. "sgS."'" '" *"
. Index. Horse. Age. Wt. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op" I **!.
P« ion^"!' 5 "? ? 1 * 5? I? IT~J. W. Schorr J. Woods 7-10 2-5
Z76i a k"i\:::::::m 7 41 l 0l 0 31 25 Caesar Younx Hoar I a
2552 Fltzkanet. 3 100 7 6 3 610 3 2 3 5 W. M Rogers.".. V.* RansSS « l!
<^32) Diderot, 3...- 107 2 3% 5n 5 5 4% J. P. Atkls!fr......BuSSS 3 U
2847 Gusto 4 109 5 53 4 1 4n 55 P. Howley Mounce 4 8
«850) Or"can. a 3 Da3r>4 "Tl 7° 5° V 82 W - W Elliott.. .Fauntleroy > 30
(28o0) Orleans. 3 9.> 6 7 7 7 7 J. Burrows Wlnalette 5 2)
Time-%. :24%; % :49%; %. 1:15. Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving Wln
ne^' 43 C °"i 8 Ch - *¦ by Jim Gore or Order-Highland Lass. ¦ Eon.c would have won
had Woods on winner not resorted to bumping tactics. Fltzkanet away poorly and ridden
the overland route. With more luck he might have won. Diderot badly cuVoS on far turn
spoiling his chances. Miss Mac Day not ready. She was doing pretty well till Docket'
jOrlean^ojt^pooriy^ Chlm-s 100. Sharp Bird 105 pocketeJ
2865. SIXTH RACE— mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to flrst, $325.
Index. Horse. Age. Wt.jSt. %. H. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op!""*.
' 284? Lodestar, a 109 6 42 31 21 11% Dan O'Keefe *Co Brknrth I I
(2848) Dunblane, 4 112 5 3n In 11 2 n W. B. Jennings &Co O'Cn 7 5 «-?
2781 Alfred C. 4 112 2 11 2% 31 3 5 F Phillips..? Jwbods A I
2853 Nellie Forest. 3....100 3 2% 4h 42 4 5 W P Magrane "& Co" Fn^lrv « !
2853 Tony Lepping. 3.. .103 47h 8' 72 61 Newman 4 Eaganmnl/t it A
m» San Venado. 6 112 1 6n 5% 5 1 61 S. McNaughtonT Bultrnan ¦¦ H.
2548 Bob Palmer. 3 100 7 8-71.1 7 4 S. Judge RanSSE in A
2546 The Gafflr. 3 100 ( 85h6 h 8 8 8 J. H. s'mpsonV.V.V.^Ho^ £ "
Time— Y u :26%; H. :32: \. 1:19; mile, 1:46. Good start. Won easily Second and fht^T^T
ing. Winner. D. O'Keefe's eh. g. by Midlothian-Starlight. Winner received a Jr^ ( 2SI"
Dunblane carried out by Alfred C Nellie Forest outfooted. Going did not suU lan vi
nado. Scratched— Pat Morrlssey 109. . 6 n l aull san v «*
has been riding on the tracks of Ens
land and France since he left here last
spring, was about the ring yesterday.
Buchanan will ride for one of the Van
derbilts in France next year and will
accept no mounts while here, his visit
home being for pleasure only. "Buck"
says "Skeets" Martin Intended going to
India to ride, which prevents that rider
being seen In the saddle here, f
Floronso is the horse Johnny Campbell
bought from Green Morris with a provi
so In the bill of sale that the first time
the son of Fonso won Morris was to re
ceive $500 additional. Floronso broke
down and Campbell gave him away. Now,
after long retirement, the patched-up
cripple comes out and scores a win for
his latest owner. Campbell is now won
dering where he Is at.
Owen Mounce rode Meadow Lark In the
opening race and was warmly welcomed
by the big crowd.
Birkenruth Is becoming very popular
with race-goers and deservedly so. He
is ambitious and rides with a snap and
vim that are truly refreshing.
Johnny Woods carried off the honors
yesterday, riding three winners. Johnny
is fast at the post and can put up a
"powerful good" finish.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race-Five and a half furlongs; selling
three-year-olds and up: «=»""» .
2548 Canejo ICI 2838 B. Sheppard 104
2554 Rlnaldo IC4 2830 St. Anthony"" 104
2534 The Scot 104 2765 Lou CUeveden'mt
1470 MacFlecknoe ..HO 2836 Spry Lark SI
2835 Game Warden.. 99 2850 Ned Dennis'"' in?
2836 Searchlight ....104 2825 Bonitar^ .*'.'.'.'. 99
Second race-One mile; Belling; three-year
olds ana up: '
Here are two pictures of our $1.30 hats— Derby
and the Dunlap Crusher. The former is selling in *reat
numbers because it is the best stiff hat for the price'that
is offered in San Francisco. The other is selling as fast
as we can procure them, as the Dunlap Crusher is the
popular hat now, and ours come in all the wanted col-
ors, and besides the quality of this hat is equal to the
usual $2.00 Crusher sold about town in exclusive stores.
; We have $1.30 Fedoras, too, that are favorites with
many people. You should see our $1.30 line.
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
sft Woods, ro
718 Market Street.
™ ****** ..::::::iS
7 c *- irutUTl *~'' Xa *'-> •« llln «: two
g&S3« SSSS .t:::::S
2563 Phil Crimmin,.lo9_jsl? S^S^ver.' :::::.!«
d.c a 0 p U rthr^^ a 0 rr n oIo Id m , il i : n th » Pleasanton Han
dicap; three-year-olds and up:
2fs2Ob!a 104 (2S62)Sea Li0n.'...'... 98
( lf7)le3ef$ ana 0 . a :::?2i_- Rubicon •••»
old^nd^upV 31 * furlon 8*: ¦•lUa*: three-year
.•^, Nor , ff ° r <l 1071 2848 Bernota 97
< i|^£T k ford 9"' 2864 Orleans M
2848 Educate 95
Sixth race-Five and a half furlongs: »elllng;
three- year-olds and up:
2841 Mid. Chimes... if* 2830 Narra G IJS
™'- S el na de Cuba. 11. 2862 Prejudice 104
J£7 Native IV. 2842 Tiburon 104
£1? E. lnc Shot IC4 2843 Censor 105
« £ lar j» ndo 107 .... Mountebank ...107
2641 Burdoc 104 2546 Mocorito .......107
Probable Winner*.
First race— Searchlight Blanche Sheppard.
Lou Clleveden.
Second race— Billy Moor*. El Orient*. Morl
nel.
Third race— Sir Lewis. St. Sev«r. Flattered,
Fourth race— Bedeck, Obla. Sea Lion.
Fifth race— Bernota. Educate Orleans.
Sixth race— Relna de Cuba, Xarra G, Mid
night Chimes.MIND WRECKED
BY DISSIPATION
Carlton Kershow Claims
His Brother Was In
competent.
Contestants Seek to Prove
That His Will Is a
Forgery.
The ir.ordinate desire that it is alleged
¦vershow had for alcoholic Etimu
:;d the alleged effect of those stim
ulants upon his mind were the subjects of
•iuiry yesterday in the contest
ver the will of the deceased in De-
IBt Nine of the Superior Court.
d Kershow, the brother to whom
. rshow bequeathed but $5000 of his
estate, occupied the stand almost
ire day. His testimony was of
to prove that Max Kershow, who
Harvard graduate, wa6 a wreck,
ally and physically, when the will
:avn up leaving the bulk of his
y to Rhea Gettings.
ton Kershow testified that when he
«ame to vhis SLate in the fall of 1900 he
his brother living at the Maison
and indulging to the full his
naving for whisky, claret, beer and
-ic. The witness stated that at that
-:scovered that his brother, by
¦ rmous quantity of liquor
imbibed, had become mental-
He claimed that his
k as high as twenty drinks a
rank at his meais and had whisky
in his rooms.
The witness stated that he went back to
me in Philadelphia in November,
ad thai when he returned to this
i-air. in June of this year, two weeks
his brother's death, he found his
brother perfectly imbecile.
The deceased was confined to his bed,
the witness said. Alcoholic stimulants,
morphine and strychnine had to be ad
ministered to him in order to keep in
;on the machinery of life. His men
tal incapacity manifested itself in the in
eoherency of his speech, the lapse of hifi
memory, his desire to squander his
money and in the mental visions which.
ually troubled him.
An attempt was made on the part of the
rove that bitter enmity
Max Kershowand Morgan
man who wrote and witnessed
g of the contested will. Carlton
testified that his brother had
-•nith ejected from his room on one
j he court, however, refused to
evidence of this nature to be intro-
The contestants will seek to prove that
•¦tire will is a forgery. When the
ure on the will was shown to Carl-
Cershow he declared that it did not
accord with the signature usually exe
cuted by his brother. Just before the
court adjourned a photographic copy of
the will, together with a number of veri
- of Kershow, were intro
duced for identification. The case will
up again for consideration Monday
morning at 11 o'clock.
Special A.gent McCabe Leaves.
Special Revenue Agent John A. Mc-
Cabe has been transferred to duty in Mil
waukee, Wis. He leaves for that city to
day. Agent McCabe came hither several
months ago and proceeded to Honolulu
for the purpose of Installing the internal
revenue system In the Hawaiian Islands.
On returning he was assigned to assist
Agent Burt M. Thomas in the San "Fran
cisco office. ,Mr. McCabe is a competent
official and made many friends in this
city and Honolulu by his urbanity and
devotion to duty.
Entertainment at Sunnvslde.
The S'jnnyside Dramatic Association,
which has been organized as an auxiliary
to the Federated Improvement Clubs, will
give Its first entertainment Saturday
evening. November 23. The entertainment
will be given at Sunnygide Hall. Careful
preparations have been made and a large
attendance is expected.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALVES
CARMEN
IS
WONDERFUL,
BUT NOT MORE SO THAN THE
PIANOLA.
She lias purchased one and
says every one who loves music
should have a PIANOLA, of
which there is no more sincere!
admirer than she. Jean de
Reszke says he sincerely recom-
mends its use. Write for cata-
logue "R," and we will furnish
you a book containing endorse-
ments of the great musical artists
who use the PIANOLA. .
SOLD ONLY BY
KOJILER & CHASE,
28 O'FARRELL STREET.
wf wKr&Sw m wm\ mSf — TpPf
F f% H b-HI PVC3 ffiff &&A A ¦ wm
FiKl I M url WKii Ml
Oppression, Suffocation , Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York. E. POUOERA & CO.
tOhU fcV ALL. UKUGGJST3
DTTCIICC FOR BARBERS, BAK-
tin II Oil £it 3 f rf . bootblacks, bath-
****** houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, nourmille, foundries, . laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
t BUCHANAN BROS.,
Irush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
W. X. HESS,
XOTA.RT PUBLIC AITD ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Main 983.
JleEidence 821 California St.. below Powell.
x Residence Telephone James 1561..
CROWDED HOUSE HEARS "DIE MEISTERSINGER"
AND ENJOYS ARTISTIC WAGNER PRODUCTION
Bispham and De Reszke
Receive Rounds of
Applause.
Singers and Orchestra
Interpret Music
Supsrbly.
Blanche Partington
WAGXER in cap and bells is a
new Wagner to most of us here,
and to judge by la6t night's re
ception of "Die Meistersinger"
at the Grand Opera-house bids
fair to rival the master in his more fa
miliar heroic mood. There was another
huge audience, and between its delight
— and surprise— in the rollicking and Jov
ial humor of the opera and the beauty
of its interpretation, it outdid itself in
the way of applause, succeeding in get
ting the very unusual concession— in Wag
nerian opera— of an encore, for the stately
quintet at the second act's close.
"Die Meistersinger " is a cruel Joke on
the critics, composed, seemingly, to prove
that Wagner was fully capable of writing
all the contrapuntal and other platitudes
that they had accused him of being un
able to conceive. First one threadbare
phrase and then another, in the Handel
manner, according to Bach, a Haydn
scrap, a bit of Corelli's quaint archaism,
make their appearance in the score with
simply lrresisuble effect. Then they are
bunched together, for Herr Wagner was
not conteni with simply imitating one
man at one time but lumped then, in
lordly fashion into a joyful contrapuntal
estacy that combines all their difficulties
at once. The music laughs and grimaces
at his critics from, one end of the score
to the other, from ti.e Handelian "Tabu
lature,"
Each Master- Slnsrer-created stave,
Its regular measurement must have,
By sundry regulations stated.
That never must be violated,
to Beckmesser's conventional plagiarisms
scattered throughout the drama. All thin
with Wagner at his most melodious for
contrast. The astounding climax of the
second act, a chorus with an absolute
naturalism of expression — it is a crowd
of journeymen in a casual fight, who don't
stand in rows and sing in rows about the
trouble— is a particularly choice contrast
to other choruses one is haplessly fami
liar with. The quintet, the encored quin
tet, is another of Wagner's small jokes on
the conventionalists, and last night the
audience laughed with the orchestra quite
as much as at the hardly more tangible
jests of the singers.
The individual success of the evening
was Mr. Bispham's Beckmesser, a superb
effort. It is not often the humorous side
of Mr. Bispham gets a chance, but in the
soured and crabbed master singer he has
an opportunity to show what the mis
chievous twinkle, in what is sometimes
Wotan's off eye. means. It means for
Beckmesser a reading of the part that
could not be bettered, with a beautiful
unconsciousness of its humor. Beckmes
ser is the incarnation of all the critics
whom Wagner despised, the academic
genius to whom the new is necessarily
the worthless, who sees music only in the
set phrase and time-worn rhythms that
have served bygone centuries to weari
ness.
His talent is wholly imitative, and his
particular pleasure to blast the heterodox
genius in the bud. Mr. Bispham paints
every phase of the character with bril
liant skill; the sour unbelief in the new
beauty, the pompous consequence of the
burgher, the vain, meddlesome, snarling,
quarrelsome character of the man. His
interpretation has a Shakespearean flavor
about it in its rugged strength and hu
mor, and he Bang with every note in
stinct with the spirit of the rQje. His
make-up was another touch of genius
and he looked like one of Franz Hals'
burgomasters.
De Fteszke's Hans Sachs, the poet-shoe
maker of Nuremburg. also was of the
glories of the performance. He sang
superbly and his noble characterization
of the part set it with the long gallery
of masterpieces that he has furnished for
our pleasure. His "Mad" song was
beautifully given — again with a Shakes
pearean suggestion— and in his song with
Eva and Walter he displayed an unusual
tenderness and depth of feeling. Dippel
was the Walter and to me he is not suf
ficiently heroic in the part. His voice is
fresh, young, strong, but there is not
enough of it, nor here, of the necessary
dramatic impetus. But he is always an
attractive figure and as the youthful
knight he was not lacking in his custom
ary charm. "The Prize Song" failed to
rouse the audience as it should have done
by reason of the effort of its singing.
Mme. Gadski is a delicious Eva and was
in her usual sweet voice last night. She
showed a tender coquetry and archness in
the part that one does not commonly as
sociate with her art and was altogether
charming as Pogner's daughter. She was
bombarded with bouquets from all sides
of the house. Schumann-Heink had too
little to do with that glorious voice of
her?, but did it handsomely and the rest
of the work was acceptably undertaken
by Mr. Blass as Pogner. Mr. Muhlmann
as Kothner and Mr. Reiss, who gave a
vocally pleasing rendering of David's part.
A pleasant feature of the affair was the
appearance of six San Francisco girls
among the apprentices, pupils of Mrs.
Anna yon Meyerlnek. who must be con
\ gratulated on their very successful work.
The names of the clever young women
are:
Mlfs Helen Heath, Miss May Cullen. Miss
| I.ulu Keldhelm, Miss Majbelle Crale, Miss
Belle McCurrle. Miffs Eftelle Davidson. Mis-
A. Fritchie, Miss Mohns and Mrs. O. Adams.
The orchestra was at its best and Mr.
Damrosch was. as usual, haled out to
bow acknowledgments.
Celrichs Entertains New Yorkers.
The members of the New York delega
tion of the Traveling Passenger Agents'
Association who did not go East with the
rest of the party Weii;icsday night were
entertained yesterday at a luncheon at
the Cliff House by He! man Oelrichs. The
luncheon was held on the third floor and
the tables were beautifully decorated for
the occasion. Those present were Milton
C. Roach, F. W. Riter, \V. B. Jerome, H.
J. Rhein, J. L. White, L. D. Huesner, W.
A. Btssell, C. C. Crane, John A. GUI, E.
I O. McCormick, George T. Nicholson, J.
I Black, and John J. Byrne.
VAN DYCK
and the %
Weber Pianos
"Perfect for accompanying the
voice." ERNST VAN DYCK.
Used exclusively by Grau Opera
Company's artists.
Have you seen the three Weber
Art Creations—
i LOUIS XIV?
RENAISSANCE?
COLONIAL?
CLARK WISE & CO.,
41 GEARY ST., Oor. Grant Are.,
SOLE AGENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1901.
SEYGARD WILL
REPLACE CALVE
"CARMEN."
> By Bizet.
Carmen .
... Mme. Camilla Seygard
Frasquita. .Miss Bauermeister
Mercedes. ..Mme. Van Cauteren
MiCaela.Mme. Suzanne Adams <
Don Jose .... . Mr. de Maxchi
Zuniga ...» Mr. Declery
Morales Mr. Duf riche
Dancairo . ...... Mr. Gilibert
Bemandado Mr. Reiss
Escamillo .Mr. Scotti
Conductor, Mr. Elon.
First Production of the Opera and Groat Cast
Fills the Grand Opera-House.
THE big audience that filled every
nook and corner of the Grand |
Opera-house last evening had the
extreme pleasure of hearing for the
first time in this city-Wagner'a "Die
Meistersinger," that is so unlike anything
associated with the ordinary conception of.
music of the famous composer.
Fancy a Wagner composition ¦with an
absolute comedy element all through it.
Yet that is what the audience enjoyed for
almost four hours last night.
The audience was as big as the one that
listend on Tuesday evening to "Le Nozze
di Figaro" and as fashionable as that
which greeted Calve on Wednesday night
in "Carmen."
There was a repetition of the gay scene
enacted during the hour previous to the
commencement of the performance. There
was the long line of those waiting to se
cure "standing room" in the theater and
dozens of carriages with exquisitely
dressed women and men in evening garb
arriving at the entrance to the opera
house.
Not only the novelty of a new opera,
but the superb cast put forward by Man
ager Grau served to attract a throng.
Many scores were seen in all parts of the
house and the" work of singers and or
chestra was closely followed,
Story of "Die Meistersinger."
The story of "Die Meistersinger" does
not deal with mythological characters.
The men and women are of flesh and
blood and for that reasorTare more in
New Council Formed.
A new council of the National Union,
which has been named El Capltan, has
been organized by Deputy J. N. Bunting,
with twenty-eight members. Joseph A.
Wilson has been chosen president, O. ,M.
Katz recording secretary and J. E. Paige
finanoial secretary. The council held its
first meeting last night and initiated two
strangers, after which there was a social
hour, and speeches for the good of the
order were made by Deputy Bunting,
Laurence Vincent, H. F. Maas, L. de Car
dona and Dr. Clark. The officers were
appointed a visiting committee to visit the
seven other councils in this city to invite
the membership to pay a fraternal visit
to the baby of the order.
liarge Deal in Realty.
Deeds were recorded yesterday convey
ing property situated on the north side of
Market) street, 131 feet southwesterly
from Ellis, being an irregularly shaped
lot with 27 feet I*4 inches frontage on
Market street and 22 feet on Ellis, for
$120,000. The land was sold by John A.
Mason and Guadaloupe Mason of Los
Angeles to Miss Cora J. Flood.
Mayor Phelan also conveyed to Henry
Kahn property situated on the southerly
line of Eddy street, 137:6 feet west of
Taylor, running 49 by 137:6 feet, for a
consideration of $35,000. Kahn h%s~ let
contracts for the erection of a building
on the site to cast $35,000.
CHICAGO, Nov. 21.— The Appellate Court to
day reversed the decree entered a year ago by
which the- Chicago Board of Trade was enjoined
from Interfering with the esrvice of the Cen
tral Stock and Grain Exchange In receiving
market reports.
toresting. The scene is laid in medieval
the daughter of the wealthy goldsmith,
Velt Pogner, is sought by many gallants,
Germany in the city of Nuremberg. Eva,
who desire to carry out the conditions of
her father that his son-in-law must be a
master singer.
Walter yon Stnlzing. a young knight,
determines to win Eva, who already loves
him. Pogner and Beckmesser, the marker
at the trial of voices, take charge of the
details of the contest. Beckm^sser Is also
an aspirant for the hand of Eva and he
discounts the chances of the young
knight by marking the slate full of er
rors when Walter sings his song.
Hans Sachs, the cobbler bard, stands
by the young knight and determines to
help him to win Eva in marriage. In
the second act Eva and Walter are about
to elope, but Hans Sachs prevents that
step. Beckmesser comes to serenade Eva
and prepares to sing the song he is to
present at the trial on the following day.
Sachs agrees to allr.w Beckmesser to
Hing, provided he is allowed to mark the
laults of the song by beatinp on the shoe
lie is making. The laughable scene ends
with the shoe finished but the song up
finished and the apprentices give Beck
messer a beating for his unfair treatment
of Walter the previous day.
The last act shows an open meadow on
the banks of the PeKnitz. where, in the
presence of the guilds, Beckmesser fails
to please with his song and Walter is
declared the winner of the prize.
The stirring marches, ?olos, duets, trios
and concerted numbers and the magnifi
cent work of Damrosch and his orchestra
caused constant applause to sweep
through the theater, and all the artists
in the cast were given ovations at the
CLAIMS HIS AUNT HAS
TURNED HIM ADRIFT
Frankie Watson, a Thlrteen-Year-Oid
Boy, Tells Romantic Story to
the Police.
A boy about 13 years of age was discov
ered yesterday morning about 9 o'clock
scratching a window in Raphael's store
on Kearny street with a long nail. Po
liceman Ross' attention was called to the
boy and he took him to the City Prison,
where he gave his name as Frankie Wat
eon and told a romantic story, which
may have been evolved from his own
i imagination.
Frankie said he belonged in Correction
ville, lowa, a village about thirty miles
from Sioux City, where, for the last five
years, he had lived with his aunt, Martha
Watson. About two weeks ago she said
she was going to San Francisco to meet
her husband and brought him with her.
They went to Santa Rosa and stopped at
the Magnolia Hotel. Saturday last his
aunt bought a ticket for him to this city,
and after giving him a nickel told him her
husband would meet him at the ferry. No
one met him, and since then he had been
living on crackers and sleeping in a box
in the rear of the Palace Hotel. His par
ents were dead and he had been told his
father was a cattleman and before he
died had given his aunt money to keep
him.
Judge &*itz sent him to the Boys' and
Girls' Ala Society and a dispatch was
sent to Santa Rosa Inquiring about his
aunt. A reply was received that nothing
was known about him or his aunt there.
PERU. Ind., Nov. 21.— The winter gunners
of Wallace's show burned to-day. The fire
started In the elephant house.
)<
THREE! PRINCIPALS WHO AP
PEARED LAST NIGHT IN WAG
NER'S "DIE MEISTERSINGER."
Audience Enjoys Fine
Presentation.
close of each act.
There was considerable promenading in
the foyer and lobby last night between
the acts. There were hundreds of men
and women in the spacious balcony and
parlors on the dress circle floor and it Is
quite the fashion to meet one's friends
there during the intervals.
The merits of the opera and the effec
tive work of the singers and orchestra
were generally discussed, but there was
a tinge of disappointment hovering in the
air. It was soon knov/n after the second
act that the diva Calve would not sing
this evening in "Carmen."
Every dark cloud, however, has a silver
lining, and whiie the audience discussed
the unfortunate indisposition of Calve for
thia evening. Manager Grau was busy
telegraphing to Los Angeles and other
points, canceling engagements in order
to give six extra performances in San
Francisco, so vhat Calve might be heard
in her favorite roles.
On all sides expressions of sympathy
with Manager Grau and his associated
were heard last night ana, judging by the
remarks made, there will be no reason
for Grau to regret giving the extra per
formances.
Camille Seygard to Sing "Carmen."
The opera season is a big success, de
spite the change in programme caused by
the non-appearance Of Calve. Those who
have purchased ticket? for the nights she
was announced to sing are the first to
tender their sympathy to the singer and
the management.
"Carmen" will be sung to-night, and
Mme. Camille Seygard will be heard in
the title role, which she has sung many
times this season with marked success.
To-morrow afternoon "Lohengrin" will
be given, with Eames. Schumann-Helnk.
Van Dyck, Bispham, Muhlmann and Blass
in the cast.
To-morrow night the only performance
of "II Barbiere dl Siviglia" is to take
place, with Sembrieh, Bauermeister, Cam
panari, Salignac and De Reszke in the
oast.
Sunday night "Les Huguenots" is the
popular priced attraction, with Gadski.
Homer, Pippel. Scotti. Dufriche. Journet
and Sybil Sanderson in the bill and an
enormous house is expected for this
superb cast.
The revised programme for next week,
caused by the Indisposition of Calve, will
be found in another column.
The Borromean Entertainment.
The entertainment that was given by
Borromean Council of the Young Men's
Institute in Mission Opera Hall last night
was well attended and a decided success.
After an overture by D'Arcy's orchestra
and a few introductory remarks by Harry
McCarthy, the president of the council,
there was an address by D. J. O'Leary,
grand president of the order, whose re
marks were listened to with marked at
tention and loudly applauded. Then fol
lowed the programme of entertainment
as follows:
Soprano solo, Miss Marie Bernard: violin se
lections, John J. Doherty: tenor solo, H. B.
Dowdall; specialties. Thomas W. Hlckpy; con
tralto solo. Miss Kittle Allen; fancy dance, lit
tle May Whorlsky; bass eolo, E. V. McGlnty;
athletic Illusions, Professor A. M. Stone of the
Olympic Club, and a farce, "The Romance of
Three Bachelors," In which Frank Oilson,
George H. Svetenich, Frank J. Booth. Hush
P. McMahon and Stana A. Rlley took part.
The evening closed with dancing.
Raises Question of Jurisdiction.
When the case of Michael Welch and
W. H. Frazer, ticket scalpers, charged
with false personation by the Southern
Pacific Company, was called in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday, Attorney Murphy,
for the defendants, raised the question of
jurisdiction. Attorney Frank Kelly ap
peared for the prosecution and after argu
ment both sides were granted a week to
submit authorities on the point.
New Consul for Argentine.
The Department of State has recognized
George de Urioste as Consul at this port
lor the Argentine republic.
Calve Unable to Sing
Role of "Carmen"
To-Night.
Diva Must Rest, but Is
to Appear Later in
th© Season. .
ME. EMMA CALVE will not
sing to-night. The exertion of
the great Carmen performance
on Wednesday night overtaxed
the strength of- the diva and her
weakened condition demands a week of
rest before she sings again.
Calve leaves this evening for Pasadena,
where she hopes a week of- perfect repose
will restore her to health. Her physicians
assure her that eight days spent in the
balmy southern land will rid her of the
last touches of the aggravating bronchial
atteck that has incapacitated her during
the past month. The great singer is con
fident of this and feels all she needs is
an equable climate and a short period of
repose. k
Calve Is not seriously ill. The fact -of
the matter is, she Should not have suns
on Wednesday evening, and she isr suffer
ing now from the effects of the exertioa
of a performance while in a weak physi
cal condition.
Late last evening the great singer sent
for Manager Grau and placed the facts
of the case before him. The impresario
readily recognized the truth of Calve' 3
argument and felt the results of taxing
the Singer in her present weakened con
dition would be as disastrous for him as
for her. So it was arranged that Calve
have her eight days of repose and return
to sing "Carmen" on Saturday evening,
November 30.
Calve is not only desirous but anxious
that San Francisco should see her at her
very best and in the operas it was origi
nally announced she should sing. Man
ager Grau is just as anxious as the great
diva that San Francisco's desire be grati
fied, and to make this possible the im
presario has canceled the engagements of
the company in Los Angeles and Dallas
and has arranged with the Grand Opera
house management to remain here until
and inclusive of Thursday evening, De
cember 5.
The repertoire for the extra perform
ances has not yet been fully decided upon.
This much, however, is understood: On
Monday evening, December 2, Calve wiil
give her incomparable impersonation of
Santuzza in "Cavalleria Rusticana," and
on Wednesday evening, December 4, she
will make her farewell appearande here hi
an opera yet to be decided upon.
Prima Donne Come to Rescue.
Calves illness, naturally, has necessi
tated the impresario making different ar
rangements. Mr. Grau's other prima
donnes have come gallantly to the rescue
and the repertoire for next week, will not
be materially disarranged. "Faust" will be
given as announced on Monday evening,
November 25, Mme. Eames sustaining the
role of Marguerite, in which she has
achieved some of her most brilliant tri
umphs. Mme. Eames came with the best
of grace to the rescue of her impresario
and most kindly consented to sing the
role of Marguerite, though not obliged to
do so.
Tuesday evening "Die Walkure" will
be given, with Mme. Gadski in the role
of Sieglinde. Mme. Gadski did not wish
to be outdone in courtesy by Mme. Eames
and kindly consented to sing the role of
Sieglinde.
On Wednesday evening "Don Pasquale"
will be given as announced, with Mme.
Sembrieh as Norma, and instead of "Cav
alleria Rusticana" "Pagliacci" will be
given with Mile. Scheff. Messrs. de Mar
ch!, Campanari, Delclery and Reiss. On
Thursday evening "Die Meistersinger"
will be repeated with the same cast as
last night.
Eames Will Sing as Aida.
On Friday evening "Aida" will be given,
with Mme. Emma Eames as Aida. It is
in this role that Mme. Eames achieved her
greatest triumph in New York, where she
sang it for the first time two years ago
and made it the feature of the season
there. "Aida" will be given with an ex
traordinarily strong cast. Including Mmes.
Emma Eames and Louise Homer, Messrs.
de Marchi. Scotti, Journet and Muhlmajin.
Saturday afternoon, November 30, The
"Barber of Seville," with Mme. Sembrieh.
will be given and on the evening of that
date "Carmen" will again be given, with
Mme. Calve in the title role. The reper
toire for the remaining performances has
not yet been fully decided upon. An ex
tra matinee will be given on Monday
afternoon, December 2, when "Le Nosze
di Figaro" will be given, with the iden
tical cast that presented the opera on
Tuesday evening.
On Monday evening. December 2. as has
already been stated, Mme. Calve will ap
pear as Santuzza in "Cavalleria Rusti
! FRIDAY AND SATURDAY i
I EXTRA CUT PRICES
$ NO DISAPPOINTMENT. GOODS AND PRICES EXACTLY AS ]
i » ADVERTISED. <
! GOLDEN GATE
I CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
i 150 RAINYDAY SUITS, the very latest styles,
I newest material.
Cut Prices $10, $12.50, $15 and $17.50.
5 Were $12.50, $15, $30 and $22.00.
• 75 HIGHGRADE TAILOR SUITS, elegantly trimmed,
some with taffeta silk drop skirts.
• Cut Prices $25, $27.50 and $30.
• Were $30. $35 and $40.
• 140 RAGLANS and THREEQUARTER COATS, new
S back, first=class tailoring, very fashionable.
S Cut Prices $10, $(2.50, $15 and $17.50.
• Were $12.50, $15, $20 and $22.50.
!60 CHILDREN'S DRESSES, fancy trimmed. ONE-
THIRD OFF from regular prices, $3.5(1 to $19.
1001 100 FUR CAPES, Electric Seal and River Mink, heavy
1 silk and satin lining.
• Cut to $7.50, $10, $12 and $15.
q Were 910. Sl5, $17.50 and CO.
i 200 FUR SCARFS, most popular far of the season.
2 Cut to $1.25, $1.75, $1 95, $2.50 and $2.95.
• Were $1.75, $2.50, $3, $3.50 and $5.
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTa
Iyspepsia
LI lurLrdln
i
My DYSPEPSIA CURE positively
cures all forms of indigestion or stom-
ach trouble. It rejuvenates worn-out
stomachs. It builds up stomachs that;
} have been weakened by powerful cath-
artics and old-fashioned nostrums.
1 .liiinyon's Dyspepsia Core corrects blcatiogo!
the ttomach, palpitation of the heart, shortness of
breathy and all affections of the heart caused by in-
digestion, wind .on the stomach, belching wind o«
! sour food, bad taste, offensive breath, loss of appetite,
, faintnesa or weakness of the stomach, improper cir-
culation, coated tongue, \h«art-burn or water-brash.
His Headache. Cure stops headache in 3 minute*.
I . Muayon's. Pile. Ointment cures all forms of piles.
Munyon's Blood Cure corrects all blood imparities.
Munyon's ' Liver Cure corrects headache, bilious-
Bess, jaundice, constipation and all liver diseases.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon to women.
" Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs are guaranteed to
relievo, asthma m three minutes and cure in five days.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
Munyon's Vitalize* ¦• restores lost power* to weak
men-. Price, $1. 9 -- » r - ; ; '¦ .
Munyon has a cure for every, disease. The GaM«
to Health (free) tells of th<rm. Cv-es, mostly as cts.
Munyon, New York and Philadelphia. i
r MUXTOX'S INHALE CUBES CATABRH. •]
cana." Tuesday evening, December 3.
"Tristan and Isolde" will receive Its first
representation in San Francisco. "Wednes
day evening, December 4, Mme. Calve will
make her farewell appearance in San
Francisco. The programme for Thursday
afternoon and evening has not yet been
decided unon.
SCHOOL BOARD
ON THE CAR PET
Grand Jury Investigates
Overcrowding of
Classes.
A committee of the Grand Jury, con
sisting of J. M. Ellis, chairman; John
Kennedy and S. C. Irving, had the Board
of Education "on the carpet" yesterday
regarding the overcrowded condition of
classes in the public schools. The com
mittee has already been pursuing an in
vestigation of the matter on ita own ac
count and desired to obtain from the
beard an outline of its contemplated pol
icy to relieve the congested attendance in
a number of the schools.
There were present at the inquiry Di
rectors Kincaid. Mark, Denman and Cas
aerly and Superintendent Webster. Chair
man Ellis of the Grand Jury committee
put some pointed questions to the Direc
tors as to the congested attendance In
some of the schools, with particular ref
erence to the Hearst Grammar School.
The Directors pleaded ignorance of such
a condition and made the principal of the
school the scapegoat for not having re
ported that the classes were overcrowded.
"We never knew that the Hearst School
was overcrowded," said Director Kincaid,
who was corroborated in this statement
by the other three members of the board.
"The principal of the school is certainly
at fault for not reporting the facts to us."
"Madame President," interposed Super
intendent Webster at this juncture, '"I
have been steadily reporting for months
that the Hearst School needed more
classes and teachers. My recommenda
tions were based on reports made to me
by my deputies, who had inspected the
school named."
"Well, it was your duty to report the
matter to us," said Casserly.
"I repeat," said Web3ter, "that I did
so report and the board choae to Ignore
my recommendation."
The Grand Jury committee urged the
board to take all needed steps to remedy
the matter, and Mrs. Kincaid promised
that it would certainly be attended to.
After a number of other questions as to
what the board intended to do with re
gard to building new schools the investi
gation came to an end.
The Grand Jury also investigated the
operations of the Department of Publio
Works and found everything in satisfac
tory condition.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sugar marked dozni ioc.
Pacific Codfish i-2c lower.
Sih'cr slightly weaker. Exchange about the same.
Wheat futures easier again. Barley market steady.
Oats. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Stocks of Hay smaller than expected. Feedstuffs weak.
Receipts of Beans continue to diminish.
Potatoes easier under recent heavy receipts.
Onions rule firm. Vegetables in better supply.
Poultry arriving heavily from the East. Game unchanged.
Butter continues in large supply.
Eggs maintain their advance. Cheese steady.
Siskiyou Apples in market. Grapes in light receipt.
Prunes doing better in New York, but quiet here.
Provisions off again in the West and dull locally.
Meat market as pmiously quoted.
Local stocks and bonds quid.
Dried Fruit in .Vac York.
Mail advices from New York say: "Up to
a late hour yesterday neither the Guildhall
nor the Gorjistan. respectively bringing cur
rants and dates, had been reported, although
both vessels were looked for on Wednesday.
Both boats undoubtedly are delayed by the
strong westerly gales. The delay in the ar
rival of the Guildhall has caused a decidedly
stronger spot market. Amalias were held very
stiff at 6c yesterday, with an active inquiry
at \*c less from wholesalers and cleaners, most
of whom are in pressing need of supplies com
ing to them per Guildhall. Demand for cleaned
currants is urgent and cleaners are unable to
fill orders for immediate delivery. Should the
Guildhall be delayed into the middle of next
week the market is certain to be much higher,
as there are practically no goods here outside
those in the hands of a single large holder.
Some currants, however, are due to-day by
way of the Continent.
"Demand for Persian dates -continues good
in a small way and prices are unchanged at
31»c. 3c and 2S»c, respectively, spot and to ar
rive, lor Hallow i. Khadrawl and Salr. Actual
spot supplies of Khadrawi and Sair are well
cleaned up, bat Hallowi are -plentiful. Fard
dates sell well around s®sV4c for cases and
¦44MV2C tor boxes. Stocks are well cleaned up,
but arrivals early next week are expected to
t;i\e the market a good supply.
•Domestic loose raisins are In only moderate
demand and the market shows an easier tone.
A number of cars of loose 3-crown have been
rejected-tor Quality by local Jobbers and these
are being ofiered at 5%c. Standard 3-crown
are generally held at s>/jc. New Valencia lay
ers are wanted on spot at 7\ic and are held
to arrive per Guildhall at 6»4c
"Some business is reported in large sizes of
Santa Clara prunes at 2%c basis on the coast,
but it is harder to get goods at that figure,
one large outside packer who sold several cars
in this market Thursday at a 2%c price turning
down business at the same basis yesterday.
"Most holders ask a 3c basis, but no sales are
heard of at that figure. Small sizes are es
pecially hard to get.
"Spot demand lor prunes is quite active.
Small sites are in a little better supply. Ore
gons meet good demand at quotations. Peaches
and apricots ere steady and in some demand
in a jobbing way. Pears are dull, new goods
meeting a small sale from £ 1 2 '§l r »c and old
being offered at 5V»c for bags and 6c for
boxes."
Salmon and Canned Goods.
A local trade paper says: "Receipts of
Alaska, salmon at this port so far this season
amount to 1,324.122 cases and 12.949 barrels,
brought down by fifty-two vessels, as compared
with t,Z28.8M cases and 17,484 barrels brought
by forty-two vessels at a corresponding time
last year. The market can scarcely be called
'-, for there is a good shipping move
ment of previous purchases, but there is little
npw business progressing. Supplies are going
rapidly into consumption and the retail move
ment will undoubtedly continue excellent, ow
actory prices. The pack on
1 River is placed at 224.000 cases,
aga:r.> > last year; about 2550 tierces
Dl pickled salmon were put up.
"The canning season has practically come
to a close in all parts of the State. Tomatoes
hold strong and there is an excellent inquiry
from the Middle West. Southwest and Middle
East; the pack will not differ much in size
from that o: last year. There is also a strong
inquiry for Tomato pulp. Canned asparagus
is quoted very firm. In the case of canned
fruits there is not much new business. Ship
ments to England are much lighter than usual;
Australia, howevei. is taking its usual amount.
The en'iie pack will be at least 15 per cent
¦hrirt of '.a^t years. A report from San Jose
places ibf pack ir. thai neighborhood at 43.", 000
California Fruit
asps; Golden Gate
- ; Los Gatos Can
kinger Company, 35,000
ning Company. 30,000 cases;
Canning Company, 45, 000 cases."
Weather Report.
<120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 21. 1901—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours:
Last 24 This Last
Stations— - Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka Trace 8.84 14.69
Red Bluff 0.00 .4.98 6.04
Sacramento 0.24 3.68 5.93
Fan Trancisco 1.20 4.26 5.70
Fresno 0.01 1.68 ¦ 5.10
Independence 0.00 1.09 2.13
San Luis Obispo 0.00 3.94 9.65
Los Angeles 0.00 2.44 4.77
San Diego 0.00 0.75 1.09
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60: minimum, to; mean, 68.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern sta
tions:
Boston 40-24:Omaha 52-42
Cincinnati 40-2SlDuluth 40-34
Washington 42-26 Salt Lake City 50-38
Jacksonville 52-20 Chicago 43-30
Kansas City.. 54-46 St. L0ui5...... 50-34
New York 40-22 1 Philadelphia 42-30
THE COAST RECORD.
~ S £ . O to -
? !?2!^3 *3 ¦ s?» - -I
STATION! = ?g23 3 2 2* S~
I :=: H £. a r .11
r i i ¦ is
Astoria 29.52 50 56 E Rain 0.33
Baker 30.18 44 30 SE Cloudy 0
Carson 30. » 44 36 SE Cloudy .0
Eureka 50. 14 62 48 S Cloudy T.
Fresno 30.24 62 M HW Cloudy .01
Flagstaff 30. 5* 22 N\V Clear .0
Pocatello. 1dah0.. .30. 1S 44 40 SE Cloudy .0
Independence 30.10 62 34 SE Pt Cldy .0
Los Aneeles 30.10 68 44 W Clear .0
Phoenix 30.06 76 44 .. Clear 0
Portland 29.92 48 4" W Rain .26
Red Bluff 30.22 60 DO SE Cloudy 0
Roseburg 30.00 60 44 BE Cloudy 04
Sacramento 30.24 62 54 S Cloudy' .24
Salt Lake 30.24 50 38 X Pt Cldy .0
fan Francisco 30.24 60 54 E Clear 120
San Luis 0bi5p0...30.20 T2 50 M Clear 0
San Diego 30.08 66 54 NW Cloudy "0
Seattle 29.82 52 44 SE Rain .69
epokane 30.14 46 38 E Cloudy .02
Nc&hßay 29.78 <8 36 E Rain 02
¦\V alia Walla 30.06 54 42 S Cloudy 0
"Winnemueca 30.18 50 32 S Cloudy .02
I'uma 30.02 78 42 M Clear .0
Temperature— 7 a. m.. 54 decrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly along the
Oregon coast and a new disturbance has ap
peared and will probably move slowly south
ward. The temperature continues from 2 to 6
degrees warmer than usual throughout Califor
nia. The weather Is generally cloudy from San
Francisco northward, but little rain has fallen
as yet. /
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, November 22, 1901:
Northern California— Cloudy, showery weath
er in northern portion; fair in southern portion
Friday: freth southeast winds.
Southern California — Fair Friday, with in
creating cloudiness at night, and conditions
lavorable for rain Friday night or Saturday;
lipht northerly winds, changing to southeast
erly.
Nevada— Cloudy Friday; fresh .southerly
•winds.
_ 6an Francisco and vicinity— Showery Friday;
fresh southeast wind Increasing In force.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
_^___ forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. Prices of stocks drift
ed uncertainly during: the early part of the
day's trading, the rather acute depression at
some points contrasting with steady absorp
tion at others. This irregularity gave place
during the course of the afternoon to a general
upward movement in sympathy with the not
able strength of New York Central, which
, touched I6SV2. an extreme advance of 5%, over
\ last night's price. The buying of this stock
' was on a very large scale, many blocks of 1000
'• shares and upward changing hands at every
[ stage of the later advance. No news was forth
coming to explain this movement beyond the
reiterated rumors of a plan for combining the
Vanderbilt system. All of the Vanderbilts
were affected by the movement. Lake Shore
and Michigan Southern and Michigan Central,
> of which the . shares not exchanged for New
; York Central bonds are very few. sold at 347%
and 350 respectively. Manhattan was another
effective center of strength and was bought
on an enormous scale by brokers usually act
ing for inside Interests, the advance extending
to 4% over last night's price in the late deal
ings. Missouri Pacific was also lifted 2%. but
otherwise -the Gould stocks were not conspicu
ous. Under the stimulation of this aggressive
leadership practically all of the early losses
were wiped out. The most conspicuous of these
were in Great Northern preferred, which . fell
IVt under the influence of the agitation in the
Northwest against the Northern Securities
Company, Amalgamated Copper and People's
Gas. The level of prices was generally below
last night at one time during the forenoon,
while there was still apprehension that there
would be further large exports of gold on Sat
urday. There was very large buying of Read
ing, but it never rose more than a • point, and
Louisville and Nashville, Chicago. Indianapolis
and Louisville, a number of the Coalers, Sugar
and Consolidated Gas were notably strong. The
developments of the day made it improbable
that further gold will go to Europe immediate
ly. These developments served to relieve anx
iety over the money outlook to a marked ex
tent and were an effective factor in causing the
late upward movement in stocks. A large de
mand to cover by shorts helped on the rise.
The market closed active and strong.
The railroad bond market was active and
prices were inclined to advance Total sales,
12,265,000.
United States refunding 2s registered, the
new 4s and 5s advanced % per cent on the last
call. .
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock 6— Sales High Low Close
Atchiscn ; 18.000 81% 79% 81%
Atchison pfd 9,000 101 100% 101
Baltimore & Ohio 1,600 107V4 1C6% 107%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. 100 95 95 95
Canadian Pacific 2.300 115 114% 114%
Canada Southern 500' -84^ 84 84Vi
Chesapeake & Ohio .... 1,500 47 46% 46%
Chicago & Alton :.. 700 37«4 36% 37
Chicago & Alton pfd.... 500 77% 774 77
Chicago. Ind & Louis.. 18,600 60% 48% 49%
Chicago, Ind & L pfd.. 1,800 75% 74% 74%
Chicago & East Illinois 100 136 136 135%
Chicago & Gt Western. 2,150 25\4 24% 25%
Chicago &G W A pfd. 600 89% 89% 89%
Chicago & G W B pfd. .. 46%
Chicago & Northwestern 600 209% 207% 209%
Chicago RI & Pacific.. 700 147 145% 147
Chicago Term & Trans. 400 20% 20 20%
Chicago Trm & Trs pfd 1,300 37% 37 37 1
C C C& St Louis 5,400 100% 99% 99% .
Colorado Southern 300 13% 13% 13%
Colorado So Ist pfd 500 54% 54% 54%
Colorado So 2d pfd 25
Delaware & Hudson.... 2.000 176% 175% 176
Delaware Lack & West 1,300 244% 212 " 244%
Denver & Rio Grande.. 300 46% 46 46%
Denver &R G pfd ¦ 900 94% 94 94%
Erie : 24.300 42 7 42% 42%
Erie Ist pfd 6,600 73% 72% 73
Erie 2d pfd 900 ' 60% 59% 60
Great Northern pfd .... 3.800 196% 194% 196
Hocking Valley .; 1,100 61% 60% 61
Hocking Valley pfd.... 2,400 80% 79% 79»i
Illinois Central 3,900 139% 128% 139'
lowa Central 300 40% J40%J 40% 40%
lowa Central pfd 200 77% 77 77
Lake Erie & Western.. 800 71% 70 71
Lake Erie & West pfd : 128
Louisville & Nashville.. 23,900 108% 106% 107%
Manhattan L -. 86,400 135% 130 135%
Metropolitan St Ry 13,800 169% 168% 165%
Mexican Central 21%
Mexican National 600 13% 13% 13%
Minneapolis & St Louis :... 107
Missouri Pacific 18,000 102% 100 101%
Missouri Kans & Texas 200 26% 26% 26%
Missouri Kns & Tex pfd 600 52% ' 52% 52%
New Jersey Central .... 200 182% 182% IS3
New York Central 75,500 168% 162% 167%
Norfolk & Western 2,900 57% 57 57%
Norfolk & Western pfd 300 91% 91% 91%
Northern Pacific pfd... 1,200 100% 100% 100%
Ontario & Western .... 29,700 36% 35% 36%
Pennsylvania 24.600 147% 145% 147%
Reading 74,000 49% 48% 49%
Reading let pfd ....... 4.900 73% 79% 79%
Reading 2d pfd 14,900 59% 58% 59%
St Louis & San Fran.. 4,100 54% 54 61
St Louis &S F Ist pfd.. 600 82 81% 82
St Louis &SF 2d pfd.. 2,700 73 72% 72%
St Louis Southwestern 28
St Louis South wstn pfd 1,800 59% 59% 59%
It £3 pfd-::::::::::::: 15 :°°? 163 *» 167 * »*
Southern Pacific 11.100 61 59% ¦ 60%
Southern Railway 6,600 33% 33% 33-*
Southern Railway pfd. 2,500 90% 89% 90' i
Texas & Pacific ....... 1,800 41% 40% 41%
Toledo St Louts & West ! " 19
Toledo St L & V.' pfd " 331^
Union Pacific 51.800 104% 102% 103%
I nion Pacific pfd 2,700 91% 91 91%
- a aS li •;• 800 20% 20% 20%
abash pfd 1,800 37% 37 37%
Wheeling & Lake Erie .... is
Wheeling & LE 2d pfd .... 30
Wisconsin Central 1,100 21% 21 2114
Wis Central pfd 400 43 42% 42%
Express Companies-
Adams .. .....*"... .......... ..... .... .... 190
American . *"" 20") •
United States '.' 94
Wells Fargo '.| 190
Miscellaneous— . •
Amalgamated Copper.... 40,300 86% 85 86
Am Cpr & Foundry 500 29 29 29
Am Car & Foundry pfd 100 85 85 ' 84%
Am Linseed Oil ig
Am Linseed Oil pfd .... 48
Am Smelting & Ref 6,400 47% 46 47
Am Smelt &¦ Ref pfd... 500 98% 98 98%
Anaconda Mining C 0.... 100 34% 34% 34%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 16,500 69 67% CB%
Colorado Fuel & 1r0n... 100' 91% 91% 92
.Consolidated Gas 9.600 224% 221% 223%
Cont Tobacco t>fd 400 117 117 " • 116
General Electric ! 100 259% 253% r 259
Glucose Sugar 400 40% 39% 40%
Hocking Coal ; 200 14% 14% 14%
International Paper 100 20% 20% 20%
International Paper pfd 200 76 75% 75
International Power..... 100 91% 91% 91
Laclede Gr-a 92
National Biscuit 200 42% 42% 42%
National Lead 100 19% 19% 18%
National Salt 29%
National Salt pfd . ,"*] 63%
North American ' 200 94 94" -94
Pacific Coast .'3OO 70% 69% 70%
Pacific Mail 200 46% 46% 46%
People's Gas 34.400 99% 97% 98%
Pressed Steel Car 200 43% 43% 43%
Pressed Steel Car pfd... 700 87% 86% 87V4
Pullman Palace Car.. ..216
Republic Steel .:.. 100 13% 13% 15%
Republic Steel pfd 200 68 68 67%
*ugar . 6,900 120% 118% : 120%
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 1,000 63% 62% 62%
Union Rag & Paper Co 14
Union Bag & P Co pfd. ' ' 71
United States Leather.." 200 11% . 11% 11%
IT S Leather pfd 100 81% 81% ' 81%
United States Rubber .... 151?
U ¦ Rubber pfd 100 51 El "50
United States Steel 9.200 42% 42 " 42%
United States Steel pfd. 4.400 92% 91% 92%
Western Union 1.100 91% 90% 91
Total shares 801 d...... 798.900
CLOSING BONDS. - •
U S ref 2s reg 108%|L & N uni 45.. 102%
Do coup 108% Mcx Central 45... K2
US 3s reg 108 V4 1 Co Ist Inc 2914
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1901.
Do coup :..10SV&|Mlnn & St L 45.... 103
L S new 4s reg . . .139% |m X & T 45. ......100%
Do coup ........ 138%! Do 2nds .......... 82
L S old 4s reg 112% N V Cent lsts 105%
Do coup .112%! Do gen 3%5...... 109%
L S 5b reg:. -.107*4 N J Cent gen 55. .131%
Do coup ....:....lO7 1 / 8 1 Nor Pac 45..; 72%
Atchison gen 45. ..103 i Do 3s 105%
Do adjust 45.... 93%! N0r & W con 45... 102%
Baltimore & Ohio.lo3Vi Read Gen 4s ...... 99%
Do 3%s 96% S L & I M con 65.116>4-
Do cony 4s 108% S L & S F 4s 95
Canada So 2nd5...105% St L SW. 15t5.....: 96%
C of Ga 5s 105%; Do 2nds 79%
Do Ist inc........ 72 :S A & AP 45...:.. 88.%
Ches & Ohio 4%5..107 So Pacific 45......; 94%
Chi & Alton 3%5.. 83% So Railwat os 120%
Chi B & Q new 4s. 98% Tex & Pac 15t5... 120
C M & S P gen 45.111% T S L & W 45....; 82
Chi &NW con 7s. 142 Union Pac 45.. 106%
Chi R I & P 45. ...107 Do cony 45....... 107%
CC& SL g 4s. 104% Wabash lsts .. 118%
Chi Term 4s 90 Do 2nds .........111%
Colo & So 4s : 88% Do deb B ........ 60Vi
D&R G4s 103 West Shore 45..... 113%
Erie prior lien 4s. 100 Wheel &L E 45... 92%
Do gen 45........ 89% Wis Cent 4s .'. 92%
F W & D C 15t5. ..107% Con Tob 45......... 64
Hocking Val 4%5.107% .
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ....... IS Little Chief 12
Alice ...7:... 45 Ontario 10 00
Breece ...T.. . 75 Ophir 75
Brunswick Con ... 1 11 Phoenix 07
Comstock Tunnel . 06 Potosi 02
Con Cal & Va . 15 Savage : 01
Dead wood Terra .. 50 Sierra. Nevada .... OS
Horn Silver 190 Small Hopes ...... 40
Iron Silver ..., : 60 Standard 3 60
Leadville Con 05' • . !
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
" Money— Do prefd 92%
Call loans 4 @4% Westing common 70
Time loans .....4%@5 Mining Stocks-
Bonds — Allouez 4%
Atchison 4s 102 Adventure 23
Gas lsts 85 Amalgamated 86
Mcx Cent 4s 80 Baltic 45
N E Gas & Coke.. 67 Bingham 29
Railroads— Cal & Heel a 670
Atchison 84% Centennial 17%
Do prefd 100% i Copper Range 63
Boston & Albany. 2s9 i Franklin 16%
Boston Elevated ..165% 1 Isle Royale 24
N V N H & H 213% Mohawk 42
Fitchburg prefd. ..144 Osceola 100
Union Pacific 103% Parrot 37
Mcx Cent 21% Quincy ....152
Miscellaneous— Santa Fe Copper.. 4
Amer Sugar 120% Tamarack 285
Amer Tel & Te1.. 157% mountain 44%
Domin I & S 28% Trinity 26
Gen Electric 259 United States . 15%
Mass Electric 36% Utah 22%
Do prefd 94y 4 Victoria 6%
N E Gas & Coke.. 8% Winona ¦'. 2%
United Fruit 88% Wolverine ...68
U S Steel 42% •
London Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was inactive and
drooping. Consols touched Sl% on harder money.
American shares opened weak. London was
apathetic, but New York's half-hearted support
caused a temporary rally. Union Pacific recov
ering a point and others a fraction of a point.
The close was ragged and dull. The market
again borrowed from the bank. The bank re
turn shows that the reserve has been increased
£610,000. The market supplies are depleted
£2,000,000.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Nov. 21.— Anaconda, 7; Atchlson,
81%; Atchlson preferred, 102%; Canadian Pa
cific, 117%; Denver and Rio Grande, 47%; Den
ver and Rio Grande preferred, 96%; Northern
Pacific preferred, 103V4; Southern Pacific, 62;
Union Pacific, 108; Union Pacific preferred,
93V4. Bar silver, quiet, 26 l-16d per ounce.
Money, 3@3% per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— Money on call was
firm at 3%@4%c per cent; last loan. 4% per
cent; ruling rate, 4% per cent; prime mercantile
paper, 4%@5 per cent. Sterling exchange was
slightly easier, with actual business In bank
ers' bills at $4 87% for demand and at $4 84%
for sixty days; posted rates, $4 55%@4 89; com
mercial bills, $4 ?4«4 84%. Bar silver, 56&»c.
Mexican dollars, 45c. Bonds — Governments,
strong; States, steady: railroads, firm.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— T6-day's statement
of the treasury balances show: Available cash
balances. $164,141,477; gold, $105,079,601.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— FLOUR— Receipts,
27,462 barrels; exports, 1344 barrels; quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts, 40,100 bushels; spot dull.
No. 2 red, 82% cf. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 80% c
elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 81% cf. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 88% c afloat. Options
easy on disappointing cables, but rallied and
were steady all day. They finally dropped oft
under realizing and closed easy, %@%c net de
cline. May, 81%@81%c, closed 81% c; December,
79%i@S0c. closed at 79% c.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 invoice.
6%c; mild, steady. Cordova, 7%»g;11c. Futures
closed quiet at a net decline of s®lo points. To
tal sales, 24,750 packages. December, 6.40®
6.45 c; January, 6.50 c; March, 6.70 c; April, 6.75 c;
May, 6.85 c; June, 6.95 c; July, 7.05 c; September,
7.25 c.
SUGAR— Steady for raw. Fair refining, 3 3-16
@3%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 3 11-16@3%c. "Mo
lasses sugar, 3c. Refined, steady.
BUTTER- Receipts. 3540 packages; strong.
State, dairy. 15(@23c; creamery, 17@25c; June
creamery, 17@22%c; factory, 12%®15c.
EGGS — P.eceipts, 6053 packages; firm. State
and Pennsylvania, 27@2£c; Western at mark,
23<g27c; Southern at mark, 22@26c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YOBK, Nov. 21.— The market for evap
orated apples was steady to-day. State, com
mon to good, 6®B%c; prime, 9@9%c; choice, 9%
@9%c; fancy, 10@10%c.
California dried fruits were dull.
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 8%®13c; Moorpark, B<§>l2c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@9%c.
Chicago Grain Market.
"•* . " — *.
CHICAGO. Nov. 21.— Pit conditions with
nothing important In Individual operations and
a scarcity of outside business . ruled in ¦ wheat.
December opened %@%c lower at 72c on . the
disappointing nature of the early cables. Re
ceipts in the Northwest were reported as very
liberal and prices sagged to 71%@71%c. Later
there was some bulling on the dry weather
situation in the winter wheat country and on
reports of good . business in St. Louis . for ¦ the
Southwest account. December recovered and
touched 72%@72%c. The . flour . situation . at
Minneapolis was ... good and the late cables
showed an improvement over the opening, but
heavy shipments were reported arriving from
Duluth, and without leaders in either direction
the pit turned dull and business was only a
scalping affair. At the , close - December was
showing an easy tone, %c lower at 72@72%c.
Corn was almost featureless, , ruling dull on
a small local trade. December closed %@%c
down at 60c. ' ¦
Oats, though active only at times, ruled
strong almost throughout. the session.' Decem
ber closed firm at its top prices— %c higher at
40% C. I " • " ; •'
' Provisions were quiet and sagged in marked
contrast with the demand of the past few days.
Pork closed 27% c lower, lard 7%@10c down and
ribs 71/-<sloc7 1 /-<sloc lower. . ¦< .". --< ¦ . ¦
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low Close.
Wheat. No. 2— ¦ ; ,' ;:~yJ(pSf .•{*}.
November ...1 •• — .... ¦ 71%
December ".-. 72 72% . 71% 72%
May 75% 75% 75% ¦ 75%
Corn No. 2—
November .... .... , .... 59%
December 60% . 60% '60. . 60
May '. 63% 63% . 62% 63 '
Oats No. 2— '  . •
December 40% 40% 40% ' 40%
May .:.. 41% - - 41% • 41% 41%
Mess Pork, per bbl— •
January .'...:. ......15 50 15 50 15 32% 15 32%
May ...15 75 15 80 15 62% 15 62%
Lard, per 100 lbs— . . ¦*f
December .8 82% 8 82% 8 82% 8 82%
January 885 8 85. 8 82% 8 82%
May. 910 3 10; 900 900
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— '
January ....;. ...... 7 87% -.1 90 7 85 7 95
May ................ 8 07% .8 17% 8 02% .805 .-
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
No. 3 spring wheat, 69%@71c: No. 2 red, 74<g;75c-
No. 2 oats, 41% c; No. 2 white, 44@44%c; No. 3
white, 43%@44c; No. 2 rye, 60% c; fair to choice
malting barley, 57@62c; prime timothy 'seed,
$6 25; mess pork, bbl, $14 20@14 25; lard, per
100 lbs, $8 85@8 87%; short-rib sides (loose), $7 90
©8 07%: dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c;
short' clear sides (boxed), $8 40@8 50; whisky,
basis of high wines, . $131; clover, I. contract
grade, $8 85. -.' -;¦¦.:; -'.'¦'.' '-. .•'¦" ¦¦: : . "¦.');..-:
Articles— r. ¦ . : Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 26,000 31,000
Wheat, bushels 211,000 : 52,000
Corn, bushels .'.........-'. 113,000 - 89,000 .:
Oats, bu8he15".... '.•."... 301,000 "-': 315,000
Rye, bushels '...:... •.:..T..:.. 200,000 . 30,000
Barley, bushels .....'........: 64,000 . ,- 41,000,
On the Produce Exchange to-day ; the butler
I market was easier: creameries, 14@20%c: dairies,
I 13@ 20c. Cheese, steady. 9V4@W%c. Egges, fresh,
firm, 23%@24c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening 5 9% 5 11
Closing 5 9% 5 11%
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 2125 22 60
Closing 21 15 22 60
I Flour-
Opening 27 05 28 60
Closing 27 10 28 65
• Eastern Livestock Market.
CHTCAGO. Nov. JI.— CATTLE— Receipts, 9500,
including 500 Westerns. Good to prime, $6 20®
6 85; Door to medium, $3 75ffi3 90; stockers ami
fcedars, $2@4; cows. $1 25®4 75; heifers, $1 50®
5; canrers', $1 25@2 25; bulls, $2@4 50; calves,
J2?TS 25; Western steers, $3 50@5 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 45,000; to-morrow.
40,000; left ever, 7500 head. Market s@loc
higher. Mixed and butchers', $5 50@5 95; good
to choice heavy, $5 70(86 10: rough to fair
heavy, $5 4533 65; light, $5 25@0 75; bulk of
sales, $5 65®5 S3.
SHEl:P— Receipts, 22,000. Sheep weak; lamhs
steady to stronser. Good to choice wethers.
$3 40@4; fair to choice mixed, $2 90@3 40; West
ern sheep, $3@4; native lambs, ?2 50@4 75;
lambs, $3@4 40.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Nov. 21.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 2600. Market steady to 10c lower. Na
tives, $3@6 50; cows and heifers, $1 25@5 10;
veals, $2 50@5 75; «tockers and feeders, $1 50®
4 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 12,300. Market mostly 5c
higher. "Light and light mixed, $5 45@5 90; me
dium and heavy, $5 60@6 05; pigs, $3 75@4 85;
bulk, $5 70@5 95.
SHEEP— Receipts, 750. Market steady. Top
yearlings, $4; top lambs, $4 60.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— The local market for
tin to-day was featureless and uninteresting.
Asking rates were reduced 50 points without
resulting in any business to speak of and the
market closed very quiet at $27 50. Tin at
London was also quiet and unchanged, with
spot quoted at £113 12 S 6d and futures at £108.
Copper in London declined 2s 6d under realiz
ing with spot quoted at £66 12s 6d and futures
at £65 12s 6d. Here the market was quiet and
unchanged at $16 25«17 for lake and $16 37%@
16 62% for casting. Lead was dull at $4 37%
here and at £11 6s 3d at London. Spelter dull
at $4 30 here and at £16 12s 6d at London.
Iron was steady, but quiet. Pig iron warrants,
$10@ll; No. 1 northern foundry, $15® 16; No. 2
foundry, southern, $14@15; No. 1 foundry, south
ern. $14 50@15 50; No. 1 foundry, southern, soft,
$14 50@16. Glasgow iron warrants closed at 55s
6d and Middlesboro closed at 43s l%d.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21. — The cotton market
opened firm, with prices 4 to 6 points higher,
and closed firm, with pricea 10 to 13 points
higher.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Ore.. Nov. 21.— Clearings, J314,
474; balances, $39,009.
North-em Wheat Market.
1 OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 21.— WHEAT— Firm, with
a good undertone. Walla Walla, 67@57V4c;
bluestem. 58^4c.
Cleared— German bark Henriette, with 170.742
bushels wheat; British 6hip Cloemene, with
98,545 bushels wheat; German' ship Schwarzen
bek, with 116, 450 bushels wheat; all for Queens>
town.
The total shipments of wheat (flour Included)
from this port for the week ending to-day were
746.063 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, . Nov. 21.— WHEAT— Quiet and
steady; bluestem, 68c; club, s"c. (
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Nov. 2L— Consols, 91%; sliver.
26 l-16d; French rentes. lOlf 7%d. Wheat car
goes on passage, quiet and steady/, cargoes
No. 1 Standard California, 295; English country
markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 2L— Wheat, steady; No. 1
Standard California, 5s 10%d@5s lid; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England, unsettled.
COTTON-Uplands, 4 5-16 d.
¦
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 b9%
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ¦ 07%
Silver, per ounce — 66%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets wer» steady
to firm, with an advance In futures at Liver
pool.
Chicago opened steady, but - prices showed
little change during the day. There was con
siderable country buying. Continental cables
were all strortg and the seaboard reported
prospects better for a good export business.
The local talent, however, was bearish. Wires
to Bolton. De Ruyter & Co. reported St. Louis
%c higher on a very large cash business. Over
2U0,000 bushels were worked there for export
and 275,000 bushels were ordered loaded out.
There was also 200,000 bushels worked for Mex
ico in the Southwest, and the latter region re
ported a good cash demand. The Cincinnati
Price Current said that dry weather was mak
ing considerable wheat look less favorable, but
the situation was good as a rule. A large Min
neapolis mill wired that the sales of flour on
Wednesday were a third over the output.
Stocks at Minneapolis and Duluth were ex
pected to increase over 2,000,000 bushels, against
1,750,000 last week.
In this market futures were slightly off, but
spot prices were unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1@1 01%; milling,
$1 02%@l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— l4,ooo ctls, $1 00%.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
BARLEY— The market stands about as be
fore, though choice bright feed will bring 75c
again. The demand is local and nothing extra.
Feed, 73%@75c for choice bright, 72% c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; brewing and shipping
grades, 77%@82%c; Chevalier, 95c@$l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000 ctls,
73% c; May— 4ooo, 73% c.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls, 73% c;
May— 2ooo, 73% c.
OATS— The Western markets continue firm
and the interior demand from market centers
is increasing. This market remains quiet and
unchanged. Grays, $1 10@l 22%; whites, $1 15®
1 27%; Surprise. $1 30@l 32%; black. $I@l 20,
and red $1 05#l 17% per ctl for feed and $1 20@
1 25 for seed.
CORN— Chicago was strong, with the country
buying and an increasing interior demand from
market centers.
This market showed no change worthy of
"RYE- 75@76%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
Flour and Millshiifs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 25@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 Ix>@Z 25;
Oregon, $2 50<g 2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per lUO lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye:
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4<&4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4<&4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35;
in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 pounds.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
The stock of Hay tributary to San Franclsfo,
as mentioned in yesterday's Call, is only 119^00
tons, which is considerably less than dealers
had been figuring on. The announcement how
ever, did not help the market any, the feeling
continuing weak, though receipts have been
running light for some days.
Feedstuffs are quoted weak, though prices
are no lower.
BRAN— SI 6 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 60@20.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, |16@17 per ton ;
Oilcake Meal.at the mill, $27@28; Jobbing. $28 50
©29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal, $31 50
©32; Cracked Corn, $32(532 50; Mixed Feed. $16
<817. t
HAY— Wheat, $9@ll 50; fancy, $12; Wheat
and Oat, $S@11; Oat, $7@10; Barley and Oat,
$7@9; Alfalfa, $B@9 50; Clover, $6®7; Volun
teer, $5 50@8; Stock, $5@7 per ton.
STRAW-30@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds?
Receipts of Beans continue to diminish. The
market continues steady and prices show lit
tle change.
£EAttS-Bayos, {2 35@2 BO; Small White, {3
@3 25; Large White, $2 90<jf3 15; Pea, $3 50@4;
Pink, Jl 75@2; Red. $2 75@3; Blackeye, $3 50®
3 75; Limas, $4 50@4 75; Red Kidneys, $3 75@4
per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 40; Flax, $2 65@3 25; Canary,
3'4@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah, B^c;
Rape. Hi®l%c; Hemp. 3^4c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— NUes, ?1 90@2; Green, $1 75
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are rather easier, owing to the re
cent heavy receipts, but no particular decline
is expected. . Onions rule firm at the recent
advance, .with light arrivals. A car of inferior
Merced Sweets . sold at ¦ 60c.
In Vegetables, Lima Beans are scarce, while
! Egg • Plant and Green Peppers are " plentiful
again, with \ more dumped ; than sold. Green
Okra is overgrown and undesirable. Tomatoes
are easy. ." ,¦ • :
POTATOES— 10 for Burbanks from the
'river; - Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@l 60 ; Oregon
Burbanks, $1 25@1 50; River Reds, $1 35@1 40;
Sweets, ,35@40c for Rivers and 50®75c for Mer
ged. ~ . * ¦
I ONIONS— SI 50@2 per ctl; Oregons, ' $2; Pickle
Onions, 75c per ctl. .
• j VEGETABLES— Peas. 203 c; . Los An
geles do, 4@sc; String Beans, l%@4c; Los An
geles-do. 3(56c; Llmas, 4@sc; Cabbage. 40@50c
per ctl; Tomatoes, from Alameda, 4 20@50c;
Dried Peppers, 10@15c;' Green Okra* per
box; Carrots. 25@35c per sack; Cucumbers. 60®
75c; Pickles. 2%®3c per .lb for small and 1@
l%c for large; Garlic, 1%@2%c; Green Peppers,
35@50c per box for Chile and 35®50c for Bell;
Egg Plant, 40@65c per box; Summer Squash.
75c@$l; Marrowfat Squash $B@lo per ton; Hub
bard Squash, $B@lo.
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern came In, making seven
thus far this week. The market is weaken
ing under these heavy receipts from the East
and sellers are making concessions to effect
sales.
Game shows no change worthy of note. Re
ceipts were smaller again, being 85 sacks.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 14@17c; Live
Turkeys, 14c for Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $150@175; Goslings.
$1 75@2; Ducks, $3 50@4 for old and $4@5 for
young; Hens, $4@5; young Roosters, $4@5; old
Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers $4@4 50; Broilers, $4®
4 50 for large and $3 50@4 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $1 50@2 for
Squabs.
GAME— Doves per dozen, $1; Hare, $125;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $3 50; Canvasback, $3@5; Sprig, $2 50;
Teal, $2; Widgeon, $1 75; Small Ducks $1 50;
Black Jacks, $1 50; English Snipe, $1 50@2;
Jack Snipe, $1 25@1 50; Gray Geese, $3 50® 4;
White Geese, $1 25@1 50; Brant, $1 50@2 per
dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter continues weak as a rule, though fine
creameries sell off fairly. Stocks continue
large.
There is no change in Cheese.
The advance In Eggs Is maintained, but re
ceipts from the country are rather larger. The
demand for fine ranch continues active.
Receipts were 26,300 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 502 cases of Eggs,
cases of Eastern Eggs, 20,200 pounds of
California Cheese and pounds of Oregon
Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 23@26%c per lb for
fancy and 21@23c for seconds; dairy, 17%@22%c;
store Butter, 15@17c per lb; Creamery Tub,
2K&22%c; Pickled Roll, 19@20c; Keg. 18@19c per
CHEESE— New, 12@12%c; Old, ll@ll%c;
Young America, 13@13%c per lb; Eastern, 13@
15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 43@45c for selected large. 40®
42% c for good to choice and 37%@39c tor fair:
store, 30c per dozen; cold storage, 20@27%c;
Eastern. 19@27%c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The first car of Slskiyou Apples haa ap
peared, seling at $2@2 25 for Spltzenbergs and
$1 50@2 for Winesaps. Receipts of Apples were
large yesterday, especially from Humboldt
County.
Receipts of Grapes continue light and the
market rules firm. The poor stock has mostly
disappeared from .the sidewalks, having been
taken by peddlers. Most of the carried-over
stock was cleaned up yesterday for wine at
$25 per ton. Grapes In large packages from
Martinez sold at $I@l 50 per box, receipts being
liEht.
Pomegranates are In decreasing supply and
steady.
Citrus fruits are quiet at previous prices.
Tangerines are plentiful and weak.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— SI 50@l 75 per box for extra, 75c@
Jl 25 Jor good to choice and 35@65c for ordinary;
¦Lady Apples, $I@l 75; Slskiyou Apples, $150®
2 25.
POMEGRANATES— 7Sc@SI per box.
PEARS— Winter Nellls, 90c@$l 50 per box;
common. 65i@75c.
QUINCES— 2S«JSOe per box.
PERSIMMONS— SOc@SI per box.
STRAWBERRIES— SB@IO per chest for Long
worths and $2fT4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— S6<@7 per chest.
RASPBERRIES-$4 50@7 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— None in.
HUCKLEBERRIES— None in.
CRANBERRIES— Eaetern, $10 25@11 per bar
rel : Coos Bay, $3 per box.
FIGS— None in.
GRAPES— Verdels. 50c@$l per box and crate;
Tokay, 30c@$l; Muscat, 40c@$l; Black, Ss@Bsc;
Cornlchons, 40@75c.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges, $I@2 for com
mon. $2 25<ff2 50 for good to choice and $2 75 for
fancy; Seedlings, $1@1 75; Tangerines, $I@l 25:
Japanese Mandarins, $I@l 25; Lemons, $I@l 50
for common and $2@2 50 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, $1 50@2 50; Mexican Limes, $4@
4 50; Bananas, $1 75@3 per bunch for New Or
leans and $I@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@
4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Prunes are reported more active In New York,
but the local market shows no change. Other
fruits stand as before.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@B%c for Royals and 8®
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks ; Evapo
rated Apple*. 6%@Sc; sun-dried, 3%@4%c;
Peaches. s@>7%c: Pears, 4@Sc; Plums, pitted, 4V£
@Gc; unpltted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5@5%c for red
and 5%'g6%c for white; Figs, 3@3%c for black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40' s, 5%@5%c: 40-50' s. 4%«5c: 50-60' s, 4%<tf>
4%c; 60-70's. 3%@4c; 70-80's. 3%@3%c; 80-90's, 2%
®3c; 90-100' s, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box); Clusters—
Jmyierial, $3; Dehesa. $2 80; fancy, jl 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers— Three-crown,
$1 20; two-crown, $1 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose Muscatels — Four-crown, 4%c; three
crown, 4%c; two-crown, 3%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c: Thompson
Seedless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, B%c;
choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c; prime, b%c; un
bleached Sultanas, sc. Bleached Thompson's —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice, 9c; stan
dard, 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded, 6%c;
choice seeded. 5%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 10®llc; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c;
No. 2, 7c; Almonds. 13@14c for papershell, 10@
lie for softshell and s®6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, s@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c;
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, Il@l3c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50OS.
HONEY— Comb. 12®12%c for bright and 10®
l%c for light amber; water white extracted,
s<??6c; light amber extracted, 4@sc; dark 4c.
BEESWAX— 2S@2Sc per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago was lower again. The shipping de
mand continues inferior, being, like the do
mestic consumption, restricted by the high
prices. Stocks are accumulating and the sup
port of the ma/ket appears to be almost wholly
speculative.
There is no change In the local situation, the
market belnc dull.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll%c per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium. 13c for light,
14c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured.
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c: California
Hams, 12% c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per barrel;
extra Mess, $11(311 50; Family. $12@12 50; prime
Mess Pork. $15; extra clear, $22 50323; Mesa,
$18 50(S19; Smoked Beef, 13%@14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8c per lb for
compound and 10% c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, 10% c: 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll%c;
3-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10% c; three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
S%C; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lV4c under quotations. Heavy salted.
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides, 9%c for heavy and 9c for light;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal, 10c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 17c; Culls, 15c-
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf, lS@l9c; Culls and
Brands. 15@16c; sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c
each; short Wool, 4G(*i6oc each; medium, 50®
75c; long Wool, SOc@Jl 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt. *2 50@2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for me
dium, $1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, jl 25@1 50 for me
dium, Jl 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins. 2Qc. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth,
50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— Refined, 6*4 c; No. 1 rendered 53
5%c per lb: No. 2, 4@4 1 ,4 c; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 to 1901— Southern, defec
tive, 7 months, 7@Bc; Oregon Valley fine, 13®
15c; do, medium and coarse, H@i3c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do. fair to good 9@
lie; Nevada, 10@12c.
Fall— San Joaquin, 6'4@B^4c; San Joaquin
Lambs', 7V4f9c; Middle County, 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9@loc; do. defective, B<S9c -
Humb#ldt and Mendocino, ll@l2c per lb.
HOPS— 9(&IOc for fair and ll@l3c per lb for
good to choice.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; local
make, ftc less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32
@35c; Fleece Twine, ?%@Bc: Fruit Bags. 5%@
6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for jute.
COAL— Wellington, 19 per ton; Southfleld Well
ington, $9; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Coo«
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9: Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15: Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, {8 45
per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to
brand. *
OlLS— California Castor Oil, In cases, No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
74c; raw, 72c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases, 90c;
China Nut, 35<g!72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot.
in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 40@45c per gallon;
Fish OH, barrels, 37% c; cases, 42% c; Cocoanut
Oil. barrels. 63% c for Ceylon and 38% c for Aus
tralian.
COAL OlL— Water White Coal OH, In bulk,
13% c: Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c; Star.
20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene, 22c;
deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk, 13c; In
cases. 21% c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; In cases.
20% c; 86-degree Gasoline in bulk. 20c; in cases,
26% c.
TURPENTINE— SB%c per gallon In cases and
52c In drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— Pricea are 10c lower. The Western
Sugar Refining Company quotes, per lb, in 100
ba^s:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.80 c: Pow
dered, 4.65 c; Candy Granulated, 4.65 c: Dry
Granulated, 4.50 c; Confectioners' A. 4.55 c: Fruit
Granulated, ,4.55 c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
only), 4.45 c: Magnolia A. 4.15 c: Extra Cf 4.05 c:
Golden C, 3.95; D, 3.85 c; barrels, 10c more:
half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half
barrels, 5.05 c; boxes, 5.30 c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Most descriptions are
%c lower, as follows: Bundles, per lb, 4c;
cases, Regular, 4%c; cases. Extra Large. 4%c;
cases. Eastern Style. 6c; Boneless, 5%c; "Nor
way," 5%c; "Narrow Gauge." 6c; "Silver
King." 7c; Blocks, "Oriental," 6c: Blocks.
"Seabright." 6%c: Tablets. 7c: Middles. 6%@
7%c; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless, 9c; 2-lb boxes.
Fancy Boneless. 7%@Bc: Desiccated, per doien.
75c; Pickled Cod. barrels, each. $7; Pickled Cod,
half-barrels, each, $4.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Butchers and packers continue to quote pre
vious prices for everything. Supplies are not
excessive.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and s@6c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@Bc; small, B®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewes, 6%®7c per
pound.
LAMB— B@B%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs, s\c
under 150 lbs, 5%@5%c; sows, 20 per cent off
boars 30 per cent oft and stags 40 per cent off
from the above quotations; dressed Hogs 7%
®B%c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 21.
Flour, qr sks 13.070 Hides, No ... bS
Wheat, ctls 8.060 Pelts, bdls 135
Barley, ctls l,9»0 Straw, tons 10
Oats, ctls 1.030 Hay. tons 502
Corn, ctls 123 'W001, bales 103
Tallow, ctls .... 15 1 Hops, bales 6
Wine, gals 7O,2oOißran. sks 2 030
Brandy, gals .... 4,900 1 Middlings, sks .. 1015
Leather, bdls ... 72 ' Onions, sks 81
Quicksilver, flsks 160 .Potatoes sks .. 2 733
Sugar, ctls 13, 600 1 Beans, sks 3 307
Raisins, bxs .... 1.7501
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks — 20,202] Onions, sks 100
Wheat, ctla .... 820 Bran, sks 550
Oats, ctls 6, 270 Middlings, sks .. 220
Potatoes, sks ... 2,701>|
UTAH.
Flour, qr sks.... 2.752
STOCK MARKET.
There was a good business In bonds, but
light trading In stocks on the morning session
of the Bond Exchange. Alaska Packers' was
stiff and in demand at $153 bid. but holders
asked $156. Gas and Electric was firmpr at
$42 87%(343. and there were sales of Hutchinson
Sugar at $15 75. The oil stocks continued dull.
In the afternoon Spring Valley Water was
weaker at $S7. There were no other variations.
As mentioned in The Call gome weeks ago
it is talk among the brokers that Vigorit
Powder will commence the payment of monthly
dividends with the new year, at which time,
it la estimated, from the present rate of earn
ings that there will be about $75,000 on hand.
The present intention Is from this fund to pay
dividends of 4 or 5 cents per share monthly.
A dividend at the rate of 4 cents per share
monthly would require $24,000 per year, so that
amount which it is estimated will be on hand
will be sufficient for three years, without draw-
Ing on Uie earnings of the company, which It
Is hoped will go on increasing. The company
is at present making over $3000 per month
and has about $87,000 worth of powder con
signed for sale at various points.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Nov. 21— p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar c0up.,112%113 ¦ 4g qr cp (new).139%i39%
4s quar reg....H2%113 13s quar coup.. —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CP C ss. 107% — Oceanic SS ss. 104 105
Cal-st 5s 117% — Omnibus C 129% —
C C Water 55. 11 l — Pac G Imp 4s. 95 99
Ed L & P 65.. — — . Pk & C H 63.108 112
Fer &Cl H 6s. — 122 Pk &O R 85.121 —
Geary-st 55.... — 100 Powll-st R 65.118%120
H C & S 5%s — — Sac SG R ss. 94%100
Do 5s 99% — SF & SJV 65.123U —
Los Ang R 55.117% — Sierra Cal 6s. — —
L A Light 65.. 101% — SP of Ariz 63
Do gntd 65.. 100 — <1909> 113% —
Do gntd 55.. 103 103% (1910) 114 —
LA & P 55... 102% — 3 Pof Cal 6s
Do 1c m 55.. 101 103 (1905) Ser A.IOB —
Mkt-st Cab 65.127%125% (1905). Ser 8.109 109«
Do 1c m ss. — 123% (1906) 110*4 —
NR of Cal 65.112%U2% (1912) ........ 119%121%
Do 5s ........ 121%122% S P of Cal Ist
Nor Pac C ss. 107% — c gntd 5s 109% —
Nor Cal R 55. 112% — SP Br Cal 63.135 —
Oak Gas 65.... 112 — S V Water 6a. 11l 112
Oak Trans 6a.— 126 Do 4s 103 —
Do Ist c ss. — 113 Do 4s, 3d m.102% —
Oak Wat g ss. — 105 Stktn Gas 65..102%103%
"WATER' STOCKS.
Contra. Costa.. 76 76% ] Port Costa .... 63% 66
Marin County. 58 — (Spring Valley. 86% 87
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 2% — 1 Pacific Light.. 42 44
Equitable 3% 3% Sacramento ... 25 —
Mutual 4% 5% SF G & E.... 43 43%
Oakland 51 51% ; San Francisco. 5% s*.
Pac Gas Imp.. 39% 42 ; Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem'a Fund.24o — (
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal ..... 78 — ,L P& A 180 175
California .....407 — jMer Ex (liq).. 18% —
Cal Safe Dep..109% — |S F National. .l3o —
First Nationl..3l6 — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1925 ¦ — Say & Loan... — 90
Humboldt .... — — Security 5av.. 300 350
Mutual Say... 60 — Union Trust.. l 800 —
S F Say U....525 —
• STREET RAILROADS.
California 135 — jO SL & H.... 40 —
Geary — BO j Presidio 30 —
Market ........ 84 84% I
POWDER.
Giant 83 $4 Vigorlt .' — 5
SUGAR.
Hana .......... — 5 Kilauea 11 12%
Hawaiian 37% 50 Makaweli 26 26%
Honokaa 12% 13 Onomea 24% —
Hutchinson ... 15% 15% Paauhau 12% _
MISCELLANEOUS. . ,
Alaska Pack.. ls3 155 Oceanic S Co. 44% 48
Cal Fruit Asn. — 99% Pac Aux FA. 2% — •
Cal Wine Asn. 83% 90 I Pac C Borax.. 165 —
Mer Ex Ill) — I Par Paint ..... 16 —
Morning Session. V. 1 --*
Board — • %
100 Hutchinson S P Co 15 75
$2000 Los Angeles Lighting as 103 25
$1000 S F & S.J V bonds ; 123.50
$1000 S P of Cal 6s (1905, Ser A) 108 25
$1000 S P of Cal 63 (1912) 119 00
20 San Francisco Gaslight 5 25
125 S F Gas and Electric Co 42 87%
130 S F Gas and Electric Co 43 00
, ¦ , ¦ ¦ Street— -
.3 Bank of California 407 00
$6000 Bay Counties Power Co 6s, s 10 107 25
$5000 Los Angeles Railway 5s 118 00
$2000 Northern Railway of Cal 5s 121 75
Afternoon . Session. >i
Board—
50 California Wine A55n.....".... .• 89 75
20 Hutchinson S P Co "15 6 -> v
-10 S F Gas and Electric C 0..... .." 43 S"
15 S X Gas and Electric Co ' 43 mm
5 Spring Valley Water ' 878 7 00
¦--:'¦—: Street— ' w
$3000 N P C R R 55...../. 107 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. -
Morning .Session.
Board— .
200 Occidental of West Virginia «•»
- 500 Petroleum Center ...V *" «2 »
ICO Twenty-eight....... '.'.'.'.'.'.'. 165
Afternoon » Session. ¦
Board —
1000 Bear Flag .'. • 05
; 200 Central Point Con .'. ' "it?
100 Home (s 10) J JX
1000 Lion ..... "'"" . m
100 Peerless ¦ ...ll' 500
50 Senator ..." .......'. .- *¦*** an
¦ 1050 Sterling :.•.....-.. " , J.
1 100 Sterling ..""""** inu
• 600 Sterling (b 60) ."..¦; ....- "" IS3
500 Sterling (b 60) ""** 1 £714
100 Toltec "" 40
AUCTION SALES
£* AUCTION SALE £*
At A. O. MULLIGAN' HAY and GRAIN
BARN. 530 SEVENTH ST.. SATUR-
DAY. Nov. 23, at 11 a. m.
By order of A. O. Mulligan, who Is retiring
from business, I will sell 16 Horses. 3 Four-
Horse Hay Wagons. 10 Sets of Double Harness.
3 Buggies, Ropes. Hooks and tools of all kinds
used in the hay and grain business. This la
the best lot of Horses ever offered at auction.
Mr. Mulligan spent lots of time and money se-
lecting his teams and was known to have the
best teams of any hay and grain dealer in th»
city. Horses are now at the stable and can be
1 seen any time until day of sale. For further
particulars Inquire of A. O. MULLIGAN or
JOHN J. DOYLE. Livestock Auctioneer. Office
317 Sixth st. .
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday;
Morning: Session. ' -'.
100 C C & Va....l 65, 700 Ophir M
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher M 200 Hale & N0r.... 13
500 Best & Belcher 16 1 400 Ophir 81
400 Hale & Nor 17' 300 Ophir SO
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning: Session. 1
£2 An es 03 -2CO Mexican 20
I™ Andes 02 200 Ophlr fa
*5 gg ce A l * Belcher 13 300 Sierra Nevada. 1
2K£ C ,£ V* -••• 167u - 10 ° Standard 400
400 Gould & Curry Mi
Afternoon Session.
2^ Best & Belcher id 200 Mexican 19
NO CC & Va ...1 67% 200 Ophir 80
200 Gould & Curry OS 300 Sierra Nevada. It
2°oHa« & N0r.... 17 400 Yellow Jacket. II
400 Hale & N0r.... 15 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Nov. 21—4 p. m.
 . Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — O2ljustlce — 9t
Alta 01 02 Kentuck — OS
Andes 01 03 Lady Washtn.. 01 —
Belcher 04 06 Mexican 19 20
Best & Belcher 15 16 Occidental 04 06
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 80 81
Caledonia 23 25 Overman 03 06
Challenge Con. 16 18 Potosi 03 04
Chollar 05 06 Savage 05 U«
Confidence 70 73 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va. .1 65 170 Seg Belcher 01 03
Con Imperial .. — 01. Sierra Nevada. 10 v
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 31 33
Crown Point .. 03 04|St Louis 03 _
Eureka Con 14 —[Standard —4 00
Exchequer — 02 i Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry. 07 08 Union Con 13 14
Hale & Nor... 18 19 i Utah 01 02
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket. 12 13
OCEAN TBAV£Lt
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
wlj^^ Wharf. San Francisco:
t*??*jai*?o For Alaskan ports— U a. m.,
iMP^ Nov 2 7 12. 17. 22. 27, Dec. 2.
J^KwfP^ Change to company's steam-
* ESSI»3>3 V* a ers at Seattle.
I MbSC'CiJsmt For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
1 r"**^C^§#y C.). Port Townsend, Seattle.
If- ' L Tacoma, Everett and New
Whatcom (Wasb>>— ll a. m..
Nov 2, 7 12, 17, 22. 27, Dec. 2. Change at
Seattle' for this company's steamers for Alaska
a-d G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
P. Ry.': at Vancouver to C. P. Ry
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— p. m., Nor.
3 9, 13. 18, 23 28. Dec. 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
re lP )_Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford <San
Luis Obispo). Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ven-
tura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pedro
and Newport— Steamer Corona. Saturdays.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Par. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— lo a. m., 7th of each
month. - * *_.
For further Information obtain the company's
folders. - .
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKF.T OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS! & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco, j
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Xjlxm* to
PORTLAND, 0r.,.
And Short Rail Line from Portland to "alt
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail nr» steamsSln and pall, at
LOWEST rT-&&.r T-&&.
STEAMER TICSET3 INCLUD3 BIRTH tad MSIL3.
S. COLUMBIA Sails... .Nov. 24. Dec. 4. 14. 24
S. GEO. W. ELDER
v... Sails Nov. 19. 29. Dee. 9. 19. »
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg"y, S. F.
AMERICAN LINE.
IXf TORI. SOuTHAXPTOIf. LONDON. PIXEL
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m. •
Philadelphia ....Dec. 41 Philadelphia — Dec. M
St. Pau1. ...... ...Dec. 11 St. Paul Jan. 1
St. Louis..... Dec. 181 Zeeland .........Jan. I
FED STAR LINE. ~i ..
M«w York and Antwer*.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
•Zeeland ........Dec. 4i*Vaderland .....Dec. 25
Friesland Dec. 11 Kensington Jan. I
South ......Dec. l«: # Zeeland Jan. t
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound. -
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO., .
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery at. j
TOYO KM KAISEA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m. .
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai anil-
connecting at Hongkong with steamers {or
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing. N v -
S.S. NIPPON MARU }v
Wednesday, December 11, 1901
S.S AMERICA MARU ." -
Saturday. January 4. 1902
3.3 HONGKONG MARC
Thursday. January 30. 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. lor
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
oceanic s.s.io, ssss^s.
S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday. Nov. 23. 3 p. m.
S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Nov. 29, 10 a. m.
S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday, Dec. 5. 10 a. m.
J. O. SPHECXELS i BROS. CO., Bimrai Agants. 327 BvW»
tm'l Pusangsr Office, 643 Hariri St., f tar la. 7. PaciSs tt
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso; stopping at Mexican. Central
and Scuth American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 m.
PALENA Nov. 29ITUCAPEL .....Dec. 21
CH1L1.... Dec. 7|AREQUIPA ....Jan. 4
These steamers are built expressly for Cen- •
tral and South American passenger servlc*.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. AgenU. /
PANAMA R. R. S S?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. 1105; Steerage. UO: Meals Free. \
S. S. Argyll ' sails Saturday, .Dee. Z
S. S. Leelanaw sails
S. 8. Argyll sails
From Howard-street wharf (Pier 18.) at 2 a. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
COXPAONI2 eSNIKALS TKAK3ATLAXTIQTTS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j,*.-.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of T&
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42.
" North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY • FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco-
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent?.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMER&
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJ3
Stamen GEN. FRISBIB or MONTICELLSL
9:45 a. m.. 3:13 and. 8:30 p. m., except Suiw^
day. Sunday. 9.4;'. a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. $ p. m except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. ' Fare SO
cents. Telephone • Main 1508. Landing .an 1
office, pier S. Mission-street decs, - HATCH
BROS.BODIES REST
IN THE ASHES
Remains of "Missing"
Trainmen Found in
Wreckage.
Enormous Amount of Mail
Destroyed in Southern
Disaster.
HEUBS. Nov. 21.— Mystery no
longer attaches to the fate of W. H.
Armitage and W. L* Case, brakemen. and
Bamuel Brown, waiter, on the Santa Fo
limited, who were reported in first ad
vices of yesterday's accident a? missing.
The three met death in its most agonizing
Ann, having been burned alive while im
gVtasaed beneath a pile of wreckage.
T&eir bodies were found to-day at the
scene of the accident, charred* so that
recognition was almost impossible. The
remains of young Case will be brough'
- Angeles. The other two will find a
sting place at Needles.
Conductor R. R. Higgins. who was in
t harge of train No. 3. was conscious at 3
k this afternoon. His bedside was
surrounded by his wife and the other
members of his family. With the excep
tion of Hlggins and Williams, the engi
of his train, there are no other per
i-ble to explain why it was the or
riere that would have prevented the colli
sion had been disregarded
Engineer Williams is at Needles and is
injured seriously. The other members of
their train crew tnet death in the smash
up.
The entire mail carried by both trains
was destroyed by fire. At least 30,000 let
nailed in this city for the East were
yed. The east-bound limited car
t is said, seventeen pouches of let
aiid over 300 .sacks of packages and
papers. No estimate of the amount of
mail on the west-bound train is obtaina-
Neither train carried a mail car, the
mail being taken on the through baggage
No registered mail was lost, nonv
carried on the limited trains.
The injured trainmen brought to this
-oon after midnight remained on the
Train until this morning, when they were
removed to the hospital by Drs. Morris
Wing. The victims of the disaster
:aken to the hospital number thirteen. Of
all will probably recover, with the
afr ption of R. R. HiprF;"" conductor of
" He was badly scalded and bruised
la not expected to live. All the se
riously injured are trainmen and dining
car men. With the exception of slight
injuries, the passengers were unhurt.
The passengers of the west-bound train.
f whoa reached here early to-day,
relate various expe-iencee of a thrilling
r.ature. Many of them suffered slight
md bruises from glass or from the
eudder. stopping of the trains. All agree
the west-bound train was running
very fast— probably fifty miles an hour—
and the effect of the collision was some
- terrible. One of the most unusual
es of the wreck is related by B. R.
Woodworth cf Rushland. Cal. He was
.-'.ightly cut and lamed, but not seriously
hurt. Speaking of his experience, Wood
worth said: .
"One of the trains was going fifty mileß
an hour and the other thirty-five when
they struck. I was sound asleep and
wakened when the crash came. I couli
not f the stateroom and had to
ehoot my way through heavy plate glass
windows, for it was the only way v get
out. We crawled through the glass after
I had shot it so that we could."
lEBBIBLE SCENE AT WBECK.
Passenger Tells How Injured Were
Brawn From Debris.
i Frank H. Buck, the banker and orchard
tift of Vacaville, was in the train wreck
ca the Santa Fe near Franconia. with
ilrs. Buck, their sons and Mr. Buck's sis
ter, Mrs. J. B. Cory of Campbell. Mr.
Buck gives a graphic description of the
catastrophe. He said last night at the
Palace:
•'in many respects the wreck was a
most remarkable one. Those two magni
ficent trains, among the finest in the
country, crashed together at full speed.
The two locomotives on the eastbound
train and our locomotive on No. 3 were
demolished. They simply ate their way
through each other and nothing remained
that had the semblance of an engine. And
so with me composite cars and dining
cars of each train. The wreckage was
piled twenty feet high, and yet it all re
mained heaped up on t.'ie track except
ihe pieces mat were scattered by the ex
plosion of the boiler of our locomotive.
"We were in the rear drawing-room of
the front Pullman. 1 was awake when
the accident occurred, and the Jar to our
car was remarkably slight— not enough to
displace the drinking glasses nor to dou
ble one up In his berth. The force of the
collision was so terrific that the com
posite and dining cars crumbled like
egg shells, so quickly and so gradually
mat the strongly constructed Pullmans
were stopped by degrees.
•'1 was the first man out of any of the
Pullmans. In two seconds after the
crash came I had thrown up a window.
Flames were already licking upward from
beneath the center of our car. Afterward
.1 found that the trucks from the dining
"* car in front of us had been driven back
under our Pullman, so that it had four
pairs of trucks instead of two, all re
maining on the rails. These trucks had
cut the connections of the reserve gas
tank under the car and the gas had ig
nited, I presume, from the firebox of an
engine or the dining car ranges— the
source from which the fir© came that de
stroyed the wreckage of the two dining
i.nd two composite cars. It is a mistake
to attribute it to the oil of the oil-burning
engines. The tender tanks were upset
and broken up a.nd the black oil ran into
a ditch beside the track and did not ig
nite.
"As I looked out of the window at the
great mass of wreckage just in front
flames just beginning to light up the dark
pile, and steam hissing far back under our
car from the engines, the scene was like
a glimpse of inferno. I tried the drawing
room door and found it jammed. I then
lowered myself out of the window. As I
looked the engineer of our train struggled
from the wreckage and came toward me,
too dazed from his injuries to know what
had happened. A moment later a dining
car waiter emerged from almost the same
spot, dressed in his night shirt and cov
ered with blood. As he came he waved his
hands in the air in agony and begged us
to put him out of his misery.
"The passengers were soon out of the
Pullmans, though many in our car left
most of their effects. My wife and son
in the drawing-room had to be helped out
through the window.
"From the wreckage there came the
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
A :
Announcement
$ J TO THE
jMr PUBLIC
&?V jl V xv ' iNG TO THE FA-
\v \\ nisi 7/ VF vorable criticism and
\ I \J\ it // many Inquiries received
by us from the medical profession and others
interested regarding our statement that the so-
called weakness of men Is not a weakness, but
•¦ymptome of Inflammation of the Prostate
Gland (neck of bladder), caused by contracted
disorders and early dissipation, and that Loss
of Vitality, Prematurenese, etc., are invariably
cured by procedures directed toward correcting
this inflammation, we wish to state to these
many inquiries, in the columns of the press,
that it takes approximately ten weeks to cur*
these disorders of the male. The treatment Is
entirely a local one, as no drugging: the stomach
is necessary, and that the patient may treat
himself at home under our direction. We will
f.'y explain the plan of treatment to any
.abie physician on request. The colored chart
the organs, which we send free on applica-
tion to any one Interested in the subject, will
be found a great advantage In "Home Diagno-
sis," as well as a *tudy for all Interested la
their anatomy. Very respectfully,
OR. MLCOIT & C '.. 997 Market St.
ALLEGE KROUSE
IS A "POO BAH"
Sentinels of the Uni
verse Are Having
Trouble.
Charges Are to Be Preferred
Against a High Official
of Order.
H. A. Krouse. supreme sentinel of the
Order of Sentinels of the Universe, is in
disfavor with his fellow members. They
accuse him of misapplying funds and of
taking- to himseJf too many offices, fie is
looked upon as a "Poo Bah" and if the
present order of tilings continues there is
every likelihood ot a disruption of Wash
ington Council.
Trouble has been brewing in the order
for three months and it came to a climax
at the last meeting of Washington Coun
cil. Krouse, who is secretary of the lodge
as well as supreme sentinel, was asked
to give up his books. He declined to do
so and there -was a warm wrangle. A
member named Ammon lost his temper
and struck the exalted officer. Krouse
was forced to beat a retreat and later on
retaliated by suspending Washington
Council and preferring charges against
his assailant.
Members are wroth against Krouse.
They are strong in their condemnation of
the supreme sentinel and speak of depos
ing him. They claim he caused the re
moval of Herbert L. Magg^, the archi
tect, who was supreme auditor, and since
the latter's decapitation he has declined
to appoint a man to fill his place. They
further allege that Mr. Krouse, besides
being supreme sentinel, taiiee upon his
shoulders the duties of supreme secretary
and even usurps the office of treasurer.
They are tired of his Poo Bah tactics and
intend preferring charges against him for
trying to act as dictator and for using the
genera] funds without securing permission
or making returns.
Dr. Ward, the dentist, is treasurer of
Washington Council and during the last
month has waited patiently for Mr.
Krouse to make returns to him in his
capacity of secretary of the lodge.
Next month an expert will be employed
to examine the books of the organization.
If it is found that Mr. Krouse has misused
the funds of tae society suit will be
brought against him. The troubles of the
order are many and there is every likeli
hood they will be aired in court.
New Ordinance Needed.
The Chinatown squad continues to raid
opium "joints," but the cases are always
dismissed in the Police courts, as it must
be proved that the opium is sold on the
premises. Two white men and a Chinese
who were arrested by Officers Tillman
and Tyrrell at 834 1 -. Washington street
Tuesday appeared before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday and the cases were continued.
Sergeant Conboy consulted with the Dis
trict Attorney and It was decided to ask
the Board of Supervisors to pass an ordi
nance in the same language as the amend
ment to the Penal Code, which was de
clared illegal by the Supreme Court on a
technicality and which will meet all opium
smoking cases.
¦ ? «
Litigants Conxe to Blows.
William Casement became dissatisfied
yesterday when Justice of the Peacs
Daniels gave judgment against him for
&*J and proceeded to administer a casti
gation to George Lettcral, the plaintiff in
the case, after they had adjourned to the
corridors of the City Hall. Letteral had
sued Casement for *80 lor drawing plans
for a building. Casement became abu
sive and landed lightly on Letteral's face.
Letteral responded and the mix-up was
getting interesting when spectators sep
arated the belligerents, judge Daniels
appeared on the scene snd threatened the
contestants with fines for contempt of
court and operations thereupon ceased.
cries and groans of the injured. These
were all rescued. The poor fellows who
were cremated were ail Killed, I think, in
the collision itself."
BRAEEMAN'S COWARDICE.
Deserts Women in Runaway Car at
Santa Fe Wreck.
Oakland Office San Francisco CalL
118 Broadway, Nov. 21.
Mrs. H. H. Gribben of this city, one
ol the passengers in the Santa Fe col
lision in Arizona yesterday, returned to
her home at 931 Popiar street, this morn
ing, after having undergone an experience
thrilling as anything in the record of
wrecks on land or sea.
Mrs. Gribben and her husband were pas
sengers on the eastbound train, No. 4.
They were bound for Pittsburgh and had
with them the body of Miss Blanche
Thompson, who died here last Friday and
who was a niece of Mrs. Gribben.
The body was in a composite car in
the front part of the train and was cre
mated in the holocaust which followed
the collision.
Although badly shaken up, the Grib
bens were uninjured. The train crew,
fearing danger to the passengers from
lir\ placed Mr. and Mrs. Gribben, Miss
Mazlett or Riverside, . who was on her
way to Boston, and tnree injured porters
en board an observation car, which was
put in charge of a brakeman and cut
loose from me burning train.
The observation car started down grade
and was rattling along at a lively pace
when the braKeman discovered that the
brakes would not work.
The situation was desperate. The run
away car, gaining speed with every revo
lution of me wneela, was speeding to
ward The Needles. On the same track
and coming toward them as fast as
steam couiu force It was the wrecking
train. t-'.'Jh
Brakeman Deserts Car.
The brakeman know this. The realiza
lion of approaching danger seems to have
rattled him. Without a word of warn
ing he jumped from the car, leaving his
deserted charges helpless and at the
mercy of the grade.
Gribben aiso realized the danger, but
was made of sterner stuff than the
brakeman. Talking of the affair, he said:
We were left to our fate and there I was on
a runaway car that was going taster every
minute, with two women and three . wounded
I men for company.
We rushed through a little station where
some men were standing and I tried to tell
them to telegraph ahead and warn the wreck
ing- train of our predicament.
On and on we rushed. I did what I could to
calm the fears of the women and prepared as
best I knew how for another collision. ¦
I put the two women with their backs to
the front end of the car and built a buffer
of cushions behind them. This I thought would
lessen the shock when the collision came.
We began to go up grade. This reduced the
pace somewhat, but we were still traveling at
terrific speed when I saw a mile or so ahead
what I took to be the summit of the grade.
Once over that I knew our last hope would
be gone. The speed was still slackening and I
made up my mind that In jumping lay our
only safety.
Wrecking Train Flagged.
I first helped Miss Hazlett to the platform,
held here as near the ground as possible and
dropped her. She fell on her face and breast
and although bruised sustained no broken
bones. Then I helped my wife oft In the same
way. She was not so lucky as Miss Hazlett
and sustained rather severe injury. I got the
porters off and then jumped myself. .
Before Jumping I had picked up a red flag,
! and when the car stopped, about two miles
i from where I had left it. I started out to
flag the wrecker. As I reached the car I met
a tramp. I was tuckered out and the women
1 required my attention, so I turned over the
i flag to him and he stopped the train. They
coupled on the observation car and took us
all back to the scene of the wreck.
Although I made a careful search I was
i unable to find a sign of the casket which had
i contained Miss Thompson's remains. The de
struction had been complete and- the fire had
! removed the occasion for our going to Pitts
burg. We are home to stay and glad to be
here, although I am afraid it will be many
I a day before my wife gets over the effects of
i that awful ride.
Mr. Gribben is superintendent of (ne
Underground Cable Company at First
and Filbert streets. The family is prom
inent in the affairs of the Union-street
?Ksby.teriau Church " ~ ¦>- -—
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1901.
GIFT SALE FILLS EMPTY COFFERS
OF A MOST DESERVING CHARITY
Everything Is Sold Out Early at Benefit for the San Francisco Nursery
for Homeless Children — Weddings Announced.
ATTRACTIVE SCENE AT THE VERT SUCCESSFUL GIFT SALE FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE SAN FRANCISCO
NURSERY FOR HOMELESS CHILDREN WHICH WAS HELD IN THE PALACE HOTEL YESTERDAY AFTER
NOON AND EVENING. f
FOREMOST among the many suc
cessful charity entertainments of
recent date must stand the gift
sale held at the Palace yesterday
afternoon an 3 evening for the
benefit of the San Francisco Nursery for
Homeless Children.
Society thronged the rooms early in the
afternoon, and the sale was hardly more
than a few hours old when the many
articles so temptingly d'eplayed were dis
posed of.
The ladies in charge- of the various
booths displayed their respective wares
to the very best advantage. The tables
were all attractive ant; artistic. Probably
the prettiest of all was the one where the
dainty bisque and sawdust ladies were
displayed. Never since the first year of
the doll show was a more beautiful lot
of dolls shown. Every doll disposed of at
that table was a "home dressed" one. A
"home-dressed" doll is as unlike a
"store-dressed" doll as it is possible to
find. In the first place their clothes can
come off, a consideration that always
makes a do.lie dearer to its little
"mother"; and then again the clothes are
properly fitted and neatly sewed. As eaily
as 3:30 in the afternoon every doll on tht,
big crowded table wad sold.
At the neckwear table stocks and
fancy collars and neckties were disposed
of, and disposed of early. The collection
displayed was one that, represented splen
did taste, and chic and above all the
latest novelty.
At the apron table the crowd gathered
early. The aprons displayed were of ali
styles and for all sorts and conditions of
purchasers. There w;re fine ones and
coarse ones, the tiny ones, that are
aprons by courtesy only, and the big, use
ful pinafore. All, however, found pur
chasers who pronounced them just the
thing.
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins and Mrs. I. W.
Hellman Jr. were most generous patrons
of the booths whence the dolls went
forth to new owners. Mrs. Hopkins and
Mrs. Hellman controlled the market of
the tiny bisque ladies and those in charge
of the doll booth were compelled to seek
a further supply, and, the stock replen
ished, the sale continued briskly until the
hour of closing.
At the handkerchief table some ele
gajit handkerchiefs were shown, ar.<l
some that were not quite so pretty, but
probably much more useful. There was a
rushing demand for both kinds.
At the fancy goods and art table the
display was simply magnificent. There
were some splendid samples of women's
finest work, high art, needlework and a
vast collection cf useful and ornamental
trifles.
A tiny table to the left of the doll table.
ihe doll furnishing taule, was an, $$-
tremely attractive ore to the visitor.
Everything that "do.ly" needs was dis
played there and the wee luxurious trifles
of the sawdust lady's wardrobe found
many purchasers.
The punch, lemonade and flower tables
were under one management and did a
thriving business. Home-made candy, as
well as the contectioner's candy, was
temptingly displayed at the candy table
and quickly disposed of. In the refresh
ment booth the many visitors enjoyed the
splendid coffee, refreshing tea, delicious
chocolate and fine ice cream that wa3
served them.
The grub bag did a iand office business.
It was quite the principal attraction of
the many children that came to the sale
during the afternoon. Tt was especially
attractive to the children of the nursery,
who enjoyed the pleasure of a visit.
Besides the attractions of the many
tables there was music by a string or
chestra. There was a raffle table and a
fortune-telling booth, where Foselli, ths
celebrated palmist, revealed the secrets
of the future.
The following-named ladles were in
charge of the various tables:
Doll table— Mrs. W. S. Leake. assisted by
Mrs. J. L. Gould. Miss Georgrie Spieker. Miss
Ruby Sessions, Miss Bessie Gowan and Miss
Fannie Halsey.
Dolls' furnishings table— Mrs. William Frank,
assisted by Mrs. Guy E. Manning.
Grab-bag— Mrs. H. E. Osborne.
Punch table— Mrs. O. D. Austin, Mrs. H.
Houseworth Mrs. May McConnell Swain, Mrs.
W. C. Stadtfeld, Miss Susie Wells. Miss Mar
garet Gibb and Miss Susie McNab.
Raffle table— Mrs. E. O. Burns.
Handkerchief table— Mrs. James Elder, as
sisted by Miss Ethel Smith and Miss Lora
Clark.
Art and fancy work table— Mrs. F. V. "Wright,
assisted by Miss Maud Smith and Miss S. E.
Cowell.
Apron table— Mrs. A. Dernham and Mrs. A.
H. Martin.
Necktie table— Mrs. E. F. Preston, assisted
by Mies Edith Preston and Miss Norma Pres
ton.
Refreshment booth— Mrs. William Hollis. as
sisted by Miss Janet McLean. Miss Carrie Mc-
Lean and Mrs. William Jackson.
Candy table— Mrs. T. B. McLenegan, assisted
by Miss Helen Kline, Miss Blanche Fish, Miss
Grace Fish, Miss Edith Allyne, Miss Mabel
Coxe. Miss Ruth Dunham and Miss Pearl King.
• « •
The wedding of Miss May Denman and
Captain Cheatham will take place on Sat
urday evening, December 7. at the home
of the bride's parents on Steiner street.
Immediately after the marriage the new
ly wedded couple will sail for Manila.
The Misses Cheatham arrived on Tues
day from, their home in Tennessee to at
tend the wedding of their brother and
Miss Denman. They are the guests of
the fair young bride-to-be.
* • •
Mrs. Fairbanks, president general of the
Daughters of tbe American Revolution
and wife of the popular Senator from In
diana, is now in Washington and will re
main there until about December 1, when
she will make a sort of triumphal tour of
the East and South as the guest of vari
ous chapters of the Daughters of the
American Revolution.
• • •
The first meeting of the exclusive Fri
day Fortnightly Club will take place this
evening at Cotillon Hall.
• ? ?
Miss Alice Roosevelt has left Washing
ton for a three weeks' visit with hpr
grandmother, Mrs. Lee, of Boston. Since
Miss Roosevelt's advent at the White
House quite a number of informal lunch
eons and teas have been given her by her
friends, at which other buds of the sea
son were present. With the exception of
her appearance at the two formal dinners
given by the President and Mrs. Roose
velt, Miss Roosevelt's appearance has
been confined strictly to informal affairs.
Her first formal appearance will be on
January 1, after which the White House
will have a merry round of entertain
ments for the young set, the chief of
which will be the ball given by the Presi
dent and Mrs. Roosevelt on January 3
and a large cotillon on Miss Roosevelt's
eighteenth birthday on February 11.
These affairs will be interspersed with
numerous luncheons, teas and theater
parties and Miss Alice will accept invita
tions to formal functions. Although all
the Cabinet ladies are now in Washing
ton there will be no public Wednesday
afternoon receptions until after January 8.
• • *
Mrs. H. M. A. Miller will give an elabo
rate luncheon at the University Club this
afternoon. Covers will be laid for thirty.
The Rev. Dr. David H. Greer, rector of
St. Bartholomew's Protestant Episcopal
Church, will perform early in January the
ceremony uniting in marriage Frank Jay
Gould, youngest son of the late Jay Gould,
and Miss Helen Kelly. It will take place
in the church or at the home of the
bride's mother. Mrs. Eciward Kelly. The
late Mrs. Jay Gould was a devout Pres
byterian, as was her eldest daughter, and
through her influence Mr. Gould also be
came a member of that church.
Frank J. Gould and Miss Helen Kelly
will become members of St. Bartholo
mew's Church after their marriage. Frank
Jay Gould has for a long time attended
the Episcopal church, as have also Mr.
and Mrs. George J. Gould and Mr. and
Mrs. Edwin Gould. The date of the
Gould-Kelly nuptials will not be fixed un
til immediately after the Christmas holi
days.
• • •
The country residence of A. G. Armour,
which stood in the fashionable settle
ment in Purchase, four miles east of
White Plains, was destroyed by fire re
cently. Mr. Armour, who is 76 years old,
carried a lighted lamp into the cellar.
The lamD fell out of his hand and ex
ploded, setting fire to a bundle of straw
that lay near the stairway.
The old man's screams for help were
heard by Mrs. Armour and the servants,
who hastened to his assistance. The
wooden partitions in the cellar were
ablaze by this time. They dragged the
old man out of the flames and irp the
stairs. The stairway was burning before
they left the cellar.
Mrs. Armour telephoned to "White Plains
for help. When the firemen got there the
house was almost burned to the ground.
The only things saved were two pianos
and some silverware. The Armours are
neighbors of Trainer L. Park. Oliver
Harriman, Whitelaw Reid and George T.
Burling.
December 16 is the date set for the wed
ding of Miss Norma Preston and Worth
ington Ames. It is to be a church wed
ding and will take place at Grace Church.
Miss Bessie Ames, sister of the groom,
and Miss Edith Preston, sister of the
bride, will officiate as bridesmaids. Leon
ard Chenery is to be the best man. Ben
L,athrop, William Drown. Will Denman
and Burbank Sommers will act as ushers.
It is to be a large wedding and several
hundred invitations will be issued for the
ceremony.
'Jean Durell. the well known reader, will
have a benefit tendered her in New York
at Occidental Hall November 25.
"While Miss Durell was in San Francisco
a year ago Miss Lulu Lampert was hor
ribly injured, and her physician. Dr.
Winslow Anderson, made a public appeal
for skin graftings, and Miss Durell gave
a-hundred graftings toward a new epider
mis for the unfortunate girl.
The day after the operation she started
SIFTING MARINE
CORPS SCANDAL
Considerable Discord Is
Caused by Conduct
of Colonel Meade.
Admission of Certain Evi
dence Makes Counsel
Quarrel.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— The court-mar
tial proceedings against Colonel Meade,
charged with drunkenness and scandalous
conduct, were resumed at the navy yard
to-day.
The entire morning session was devoted
to discussing the admissibtlity of the
record of the court of inquiry which was
held at the navy yard July 25, to which
T. L». Semple. attorney for Colonel
Meade, strenuously objected. The court
made the following ruling:
"Any papers tending to establish the
proper and legal organization of the court
of inquiry convened at the navy yard
July 2a, 1901, may be introduced, said pa
pers not constituting testimony given be
fore said court."
Lieutenant R. S. Hooker of the marine
corps testified that he was in command
of the First Company during the bat
talion drill at the marine barracks on
June 18, and that Colonel Meade was
sober and seemed to be in a perfectly
normal condition on that occasion.
Richard D. Ware, secretary of the Purl
tan Club of Boston, testified that in Sep
tember, 1897, Major C. H. Lauchhelmer
was a guest of the Puritan Club, and
there was nothing on the records of the
club to show that the card of invitation
to Major Lauchheimer has been recalled
on account of misconduct. This was in
refutation of the statement made under
oath by Colonel Meade before a court of
inquiry held at the navy yard, Brooklyn,
on July 2 of this year. On that occasion
Colonel Meade, according to the record,
said to Major Lauchhelmer: "I have a
great many friends in the Puritan Club
in Boston. You received an invitation or
a card from the Puritan Club to be a
guest there, and your conduct was such
that they had to recall the invitation."
During the afternoon session of the
court-martial the judge advocate and
Colonel Meade's lawyer had a lively time
in reference to the admission of parts of
the record of the testimony taken before
the court of inquiry last July. Judge Ad
vocate Niblack, in order to get part of
the records before the court-martial,
called Captain B. H. Fuller of the United
States Marine Corps to the witness stand.
Captain Fuller was the advocate during
the court of inquiry, and when asked if
he were able to repeat the testimony
given at that time he said he would be
unable to give it verbatim until he re
freshed his memory from the records.
Lawyer Semple objected to this, and after
the courtroom had been cleared the mem
bers of the court held a lengthy discus
sion of the matter and finally decided
that the witness would be allowed to re
fresh his memory from the stenograph
er's report of the court of inquiry.
This ended the day's proceedings.
Secretary Long Settles Dispute.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— A question of
jurisdiction having arisen between the
Construction and Equipment bureaus of
the navy as to the responsibility for the
construction of coal and water barges.
Secretary Long has decided that the Con
struction Bureau is to build these craft
in ordinary times, but that the Equipment
Bureau may do so in cases of emergency.
Cruiser Chicago Off Villefranche.
NICE, Nov. 21.-The United States
'cruiser Chicago, Rear Admiral Cromwell
flagship; the cruiser Albany and the gun
boat Nashville have anchored off Ville
f ranche. _
Admiral Cromwell obtained permission
I for the men to land unarmed for exer
cise.
Kills an Attorney on the Street.
JOPLIN, Mo., Nov. 21.— W. F. Grayston,
a prominent attorney, was shot and killed
on the street to-day by George Bayne, su
perintendent of the water works. Grays
ton and wife have been separated a year
or more and Grayston. it is said, believed
Bayne was intending to marry Mra.
Grayston as soon as she was divorced.
•
HOLLIDAYSBURG, Pa.. Nov. 21.— The post- !
office at Duncansville was broken into last ,
night by robbers, who blew the safe open with
dynamite and secured $1000 in cash, stamps and
money orders.
for . Chicago. While en route she took i
cold, which resulted in a dangerous mal
ady.
* . •
Mr. and Mrs. James G. Blame Jr. have j
arrived in Washington from New York !
and are the guests of Admiral and Mra. i
Hichborn. the parents of Mrs. Blair.e.
This is the first visit of this popular belle
to Washington since her marriage to Mr.
Blame, and her young friends are prepar
ing to surround her with attentions dur
ing her brief stay.
• • •
A situation of no little difficulty con
fronts Baroness Hengelmuller, the wife
of the Austrian Minister Plenipotentiary
at Washington. Last winter she not only
declined to hold any kind of social inter
course with the Mexican Embassadress,
but on a memorable occasion at a stace
dinner given at the White House by the
late President McKlnley created a sensa
tion by declining to accept the arm of the
Mexican Embassador or to sit beside him
at the table. The matter gave no end of
annoyance to the late President, and was
explained by the Austrian Minister on the
i ground that neither he nor his wife could
j hold any relations whatsoever with the
representatives of a Government that
had put to death his sovereign's brother,
the ill-fated Emperor Maximilian.
Since then, however, a reconciliation
has taken place between the court of
Vienna and the Mexican Government.
Diplomatic relations between the two
countries have been resumed and friendly
intercourse established, the Austrian
monarch having sent a. special embassy
to Mexico to thank President Diaz for
the part which he had taken in the erec
tion of the memorial chapel to his unfor
tunate brother at Queretaro.
It therefore becomes incumbent upon
the Baroness, whose husband is merely
a Minister Plenipotentiary, to call upon
the Mexican Embassadress, whose diplo
matic status, like that of her husband,
the Embassador, is superior to that of
the Hengelmullers. It will be a bitter
pill for the Baroness to swallow, and peo
ple in Washington are speculating as to
the extent to which Senora Aiplroz will
be willing to forget and forgive the public
affront to which the Baroness subjected
the kindly old Mexican Embassador ,v
the White House last spring.
Late last evening the beautiful French
doll, an order for a tailor suit and hat
and one other doll were raffled off. Mins
Melinda Murphy, holder of ticket N>"
156, captured the French doll. The
holder of ticket No. 40 is entitled to tho
tailor-made suit and Mrs. J. L. Gou d
holds the lucky numbers that win the
hat and a doll.
I EENEFIT PBOVES A SUCCESS
I Substantial Sum Realized for Epis
copal Old Ladies' Home.
For the benefit of The Episcopal O"«l
Ladies' Hcjme a delightful presentation of
the comedy. "The Peacemakers," in four
acts, was given last night at Sherman-
Clay Hall. The ladies who had charge
of the entertainment had labored dili
gently to insure a pleasant evening to all
who attended and tneir effort 3 were re
warded with success. The presentation
was under the direction of Dr. J. D. Milli
kin, and Alvin E. Hornleln acted as stage
manager.
The young people who composed the
cast had been carefully drilled in their
parts and acquitted themselves in the
most commendable manner. Many of the
situations were truly ludicrous. The cast
was as follows;
Dudley Ronover. a young banker, Waia
James Stone; Harold Rockley, his friend. E.
Guy Williams; Jack Elllnsworth, a young
Englishman, Ira S. Lillick; Cripton, Mr. Ron
over's butler. James F. Sturtevant; GUn
Kingsford, Mr. Ronover' s friend. Lela Dean
Thompson; Marvel Ronover. Dudley's wife,
Frankie Rosalynde Glaus; Louis. Harold Rocli
ley's sister, Cecile M. Sorbler: Harriet Rhodes,
an English woman, Bessie H, Bartlett.
FRENCH MINERS
FEAR A STRIKE
Many of the Federation
Members Object to
Quitting Work.
Large Force of Troops Has
Been Sent Into the
Coal Fields.
PARIS. Nor. a.— situation in the
mining centers of France is again ap
proaching a climax. The next day or two
will see a definite decision upon the ques
tion of a general strike. The result of
the recent referendum, while it gave
a majority in favor, actually indi
cated that a very considerable number • t
the miners were either opposed to a
strike or were not enthusiastic. This vote
impelled the federation officials to put oS
a strike declaration, on the plea that It
was advisable to await the decisions of
the commission of the -Chamber of Depu
ties engaged in studying the demands oJ .
the miners.
It now appears unlikely that the com
mission will satisfy these demands, am:
the extreme partisans .ire endeavoring to
force the hand of the federation officials
in favor of a strike.
Already a partial strike has broken ou;.
in a coal field in the Department of the
Nord. where a general meeting of. miner.*
voted yesterday in favor of a strike an<L
sent a dispatch to M. Cotte, secretary of
the federation, calling upon him to de
clare a strike immediately. 21. Cotte de
clines to assume the responsibility ami
announce.* the holding of a final consult
ation of the various rrining centers and
the publication of thur decision In tiic
course of a day or so.
In the meantime the committee of th«
important Pas de CaUrs district has pub
lished a manifesto against the declara ¦
tion of a strike until the committee of
the Chamber of Deputies shall have con
cluded its labors, and a similar feeling 13
evinced in other districts.
Indications, therefore, go to show that
the strike, even if declared, will be only
partial and not general, and that it Is
doomed in advance to failure.
The Belgian and . Bntish miners who
have been consulted have refused to con
sent to reduce the output, although they
have promised to give financial aid. Con
sequently the opponents of the str'ke
predict that the object of the French
strikers will be defeated by the invasion
of foreign coal, including American.
The situation at present is that 4300 out
of the 15.000 miners In the Department of
the Nord have struck and about 1000 have
prone on strike in the adjacent pits of the
Pas de Calais district. The movement is
spreading in the Department of the
Nord. and It is asserted that all the mm- -
ers will cease work io -morrow.
Thus far complete order prevails, but
an imposing force of gendarmes, infan
try and cavalry has been billeted in every
coal field to cope with any disorder.
VENEZUELAN AUTHORITIES
QUICKLY CRUSH REBELS
Followers of General Matos Are Now
in Jail and Peace Has Been
Restored.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— Gonzales E-
tfves, Consul General of Venezuela at
New York, received the following cable
gram from Torres Cardenas, General Sec
retary of the republic:
"The revolution headed by General M -
tos which was ready to break out has
been crushed and its leaders are now in
jail. Country enjoys peace."
The cablegram was sent from Caracas.
Recorder in Fresno Explains.
FRESNO, Nov. 2L — County Recorder
Kerr, who was declared yesterday to be
$1300 short in his accounts, was called be
fore the Grand Jury to-day to account for
the shortage. Kerr explains that in Jan
uary last he held out $1000 in mining? fees,
acting under the advice of his attorneys,
who said that under the State law all
mining fees belong to the Recorder. The
$;;00 shortage in February is an error of
the accountant. Kerr further asserr
he held the money out for the mining fe^
in order to bring about a test case,
action was taken by the Grand Jury, n
far as can be learned. The general opin
ion in town is that Kerr is innocent o*
any intended crime. He admits, however,
that he used the $1000 held from the
county.
Keported Death of TolstoL
LONDON, Nov. 21.— A message to tin*
Central News trnm St. Petersburg re
ports that Count Tolstc.i is dead.
There is no confirmation of the report
circulated by a news agency in the T'nited
! States of the death of Count Tolstoi. A
! letter to th<» Times Iroa Odessa, dated
¦ November 13, reports that he has quite
; recovered from his illness and resume!
i work.
Trainmen Killed in Collision.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala., Nov. 21.— Fcur
trainmen were killed and seven injured
in a head-end collision to-day between
two Louisville ami Nashville freight
trains at Hughes siding, seven miles fr-Ta
this city. The dead:
T. A. Coghill, engineer.
J. C. Rittcnberry. conductor.
Willllam Bell (colored), brakeman.
Anderson Irving (colored), fireman.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Breakfast
F©©d W\
Thi Malted Csizals Co <iS '
A pound of beef 'costs 20
cents. .* ' I
A package of Malt Break-
fast Food costs \ 5 cents.
A pound of beef makes a
breakfast for three. !
\ . : jj
A package of Malt Break-
fast Food makes a break-
fast for thirty. j
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEM.
i . Established ' 1S8L» Con.
suitation and private boot;
I free at office or by mail.
Cures guaranteed.
r 731 MARKET ST.
SAN ; FRANCISCO, • CAl*.
112
bAS FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
(all. comer of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year:
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
3^ Hayes ttreet; open until 9:3fl p. m.
(59 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
Fl5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1!<41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
CISI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh Ftreot: open until 9 p. m.
:f?6 Valencia street : open until -9 p. m ;
Northwest corner TwentT-eecona 1 and Ken-
tuf-ltv streets: open until 9 p. m.
*??'<! rillmor" street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Ccmraandery No. 1. K. •*¦
T.. No. S. Pest st.— Rerular assembly TjEep
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 £*
o'clock. Order of the Temple to be \^f
conferred by Past Commander Sir Rev- -
ben P. Hurlbut. . All fraters cordially in-
vited. By order of the commander.
' HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
¦»«^<-^CT KORIAH Lodsre No. <4, F. and »
¦»„ M.— Called meeting THIS <FRI- _#V_
WAY) EVENING, at .7:CO o'clock. JLj\
Third decree. ' v '
THEO. FnOLICH. Sec.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. m
M.— THIS (FRIDAY) AFTERNOON. _/%_
al 3:39 o'clock. Second Degree. By jt_»T
order of the \V. M. /Hr >
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
ATOLLO Ledge NoTTsjjTl. O. O. --iLi l Vk.
F.— Third (3d) degree THIS 4g^?SX?.
(FRIDAY) NIGHT. Nov. 22. by
Apollo Lcd^ro Degree Team] when "*•''**>
Fidelity Lodge trill p&y us a traternal visit.
Cyme every member and visitors cordially In-
vited. FRANK V. COX. N. G. j
W. F. NORCROSS. R. S.
GENERAL Relief Committee. I. O. »<M™JZ!^e- "
O. F.— The committee v.-ill !ioM iSgJ^SScC. I
Its weekly meeting (this week I
only) at Bp. m. on MONDAY. '**•* i
£*h. J. F. NICHOLS. Ber. i
SAX FRANCISCO Tent Nr. lg~K ____~ I
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) /£P5^ :
EVENING at S o'clock. Pioneer *B5»fll
Hall. 24 Fourth Ft. I_f4&__f
H. H. CASTLE. vdveSr
Record Keeper. ;
PAAUHAU . e rc,AR PLANTATION CO., office |
327 Market st., San Planets Nov. 20. 1901: j
Annual meetine— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Pasuhaii Supar Planta-
tion Company will be held at the office of the
Daily-, 227 Market st., in the city and ;
county of San Francisco, State of Calitor-
r.ia, on SATURDAY, the 7th day of Decem- •
ber, 1901. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., tor
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve 'for the ensuing year, ar.d for the
purpose of amending paragraph I of article
XIII of the by-laws of the company relat-
ing to the annual meeting of stockholders,
end for each other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Nov. 26, 1901, at 3 o'clock D. m. By order
of the ©resident.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
NOTICE to stockholders of Honolulu Planta-
tion Company— Notice is hereby given that in
puiaaance of • resolution of the Board of
Directors of tje Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany, duly raopted at a meeting of said
board held ct the 20th day of November. A.
D. 1901, a fr.ecia! meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Honolulu Plantation Company will
be held or. MONDAY, the 27th day of Janu
ary. A. Tt. 1902, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m. of ,»a.t day, at the office of the corpo-
ration, ; to. 327 Market st., in the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California,
the «aine"beins the principal place of busi-
ness and the office of said corporation, and
the building where the Board of Directors
usually meet, for the purpose of considering
and actin* upon a proposition to create a
bonded Indebtedness of said corporation to j
the amount of one million two hundred and ;
fifty thousand (1.25C.0C0) dollars, to the end ;
and for the purpose of providing means and i
raising moneys to pay the existing indebted- !
ness of said corporation ar.d the indebtedness
incurred and to be incurred in the develop- I
ment of its properties and the construction i
and comDletion of its works and improve-
ments, the Purchase of machinery and the
acquisition of such other property as may
be within the jiurr.rs?s and objects of said :
corporation. Dated San Francisco. November
20, 19C.1. H. W. THOMAS.
Secretary of Honolulu Plantation Company.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic ¦
process from W; B. Swank in the Gold Run i
mine, near Mountain Ranch, Calaverae Coun- I
ty, to deposit tailings in a ravine below the i
mine; from D. Hartley & Co.. in the Roan- ¦
eke mine, rear Placervilie. El Dorado County, '
to deposit tailings in White Rock Creek: from '<
William McDonald, in the Dardanelles and !
Oro placer mine, near Forest Hill, Placer !
County, to deposit tailings In Dardanelles
Canon, and from W. S. and C. A. Cooley. ;
In the Smith Bar mine, near Keep, Plumas
County, to deposit tailings in a worked-out '.
pit, gives notice that a meeting will be held 1
at room 53. Flood building. San Francisco, !
'a 1...a 1 ... on December 2. 19C1. at 1:30 p. m
ACCOUNTANT ASP AUDITOR.
EXPERT; highly recommended; clx years Lon-
don chartered accountant's experience; pri-
vate Investigations, balance sheets, intricate i
accounts adjusted, stocks taken, professional :
men's accounts made up and rendered; all
branches of accountants' work. C. V.
ROWE. IS Montgomery st, room 2; phone i
Black 2156. _^ ;
ASI'HALI'IM ROOKING.
3. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks rt- '
paired; postal. liS€ Mission; teL Folsom 2477. \
CITY ASPHALTUM CO.. 632 Market St.— Roofs. I
side-nalks. floors; cheap rates. \ Tel. Red 2332. !
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty : quick, quiet |
No charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment: phone John 31S1. :
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.. cor. Stockton. I
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy ; col- i
lections ; attachments ; mortgages; bills of sale; '
partnerships ;deeds;wllls drawn; fees low; open ¦
eve's. THURSTON. IOCE'a Mkt.. r. 4, opp. sth.
COLUMBIAN Uwand Collection Agency, sixth !
¦Mr. Sl6 Market— Legal business of all kinds ;
solicited; advice fret; able body of attorneys. ;
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W. ¦
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason. j
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- I
ket st.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
itCrCUEI Sale or Exchange. i
_^^. „ r ... , _ _ _ __ . - j^*^^^^
<iOOD second-hind bicycles lor sale $5 up; 1
rend for bargain list LEAVITT _ BILL.
S°9 T.arkiT> rt. j
—
_ HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
INFANTS bearded from birth; fresh cow's and
goat's milk: trained nurse. 8 Juri St., near
Valencia st. depot
OTHER'S care and rood home for two or
. three children; loir terms. 1607 California St.
GERMAN lady wishes 1 or 2 children to board;
room for parents. 429 Minna st.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought, lei. Red 2>5».
HOLMKS BOOK CO.. 704-708-708 Mission st.
nCREAU TRUNKS. -
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
Pi-lo*. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard.
RLSINESS CHANCES.
A RARE offer' A rare offer! A $5000 saloon In
best business location en Market st. ; long
lease; rent only $2 £0 per day; elegant fix- I
tures an ! business clearing above $300 month. I
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny bL
WOO; SALOON. few doors from Market st. :
rent *20; a place taking In from $15 to $20 per
day; good fixtures; National cash register
and clearing at least $100 per month. K. G.
_>VILKi: v,. .._ Kearny st. • .
A-J2COO; SALOON; choicest location on water
front; rent $40; place doing a rushing and
good paying business; value in eight; partners
cant agree. R. G. WILKE. KM Kearny st.
A— $3500: LOON, with mercantile lunch; net
ten! $50; place established for 30 years; in
best part of the wholesale district; owner
never cleared less than $400 per month. Par-
ticulare R. G. WILKE, 26* Keamy st
A— sl2oo; PARTNER wanted in one of the best
paying corner saloons of Oakland; place
clearing above $a) 0 ptr month; owner engaged
¦"gftSffi&.'Sj. K^^ ma °-
(MM; BAKERY on Market st.; low rent- 5
>eai*' lease: 4 living rooms; baking 3 barrels
| i*r day; most store trade; owner cleared $1500
the last 6 months. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^
Kearr.y M. >
A— CIGAR etands, cigar stands, cigar stands.
A profitable, well located cigar stand is a
nice 1-uElnees to own. I investigate 6tands
oloeely before offering them for sale. Have
M-me choice locations this week. Kindly cail
before purchasing. I will treat you on the
tquare and save you money. C. L. HEDGES :
<U-462 .rrott building.
A -MERCHANTS, ATTENTION! ~
Do you want to sell your business, or do you
want a partner fcr a legitimate business? We
can sell your business or secure a partner
quickly and without publicity; money ad-
vanced. WILLIAMS. VIERECK & CO..
Roc— 2 and 4, 1101 Market et., cor. Mason.
A— DELICACT store In first-class running or-
der; snap. MITCHELL * CO., 1208 Market.
Al HOTEL and bar business, clearing $400 mo.,
for $COOO. M. D. SICKELS. 6 Geary st.
PARTNER wanted with $300; experience not
necessary; office business. Decker. 921 Market.
COAL and wood yard for sale. Apply 623
_Il£i£ht St
FIRST-CLASS saloon, with grocer}', on ac-
count of death. Inquire 1637 Folsom st. .
FASHIONABLE ladies' halrdressing parlois
* start:, _nt location. Box 2354, Call, Oakland
nUSINESS OHANCE** r<^l*!!ll^lJ?.u^
FINE rooming-house of 15 rooms; all full; good
location; newly tumlshed. Call at 335 Market
St.. room 14. '
$350— PARTNER wanted In good business; trade
established: call and investigate; this is a
good chance. 935 Market St., room 14.
CANDY and icecream narlois; a rare "bargain;
party leaving State; present receipts $150 per
month. Call 335 Market st., room 14.
RESTAURANT. $135; rent $10; a bargain. M.-.-
BRIDE & CO., 763 Market st .
STATIONERY and notion; $200; worth $400;
must sell; proprietor died.' McBRIDE & CO.,
76;. Market st.
$350— NICE cigar store on.O'Farrell St.; worth
ISM; a gcod chance. McRRIDE _ CO., 765
Market st.
A— WE buy, sell or exchange business of any
kind. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny :t.
A— SICCO; PARTNER In first-class saloon; re-
ceipts $6CO month. STRAND. M Kearny st.
A— s4so; CIGAR store, Kearny st. ; clears »l<m
month; full value. STRAND. 209 Kearny .-1.
j A— CANDY store; situated in the best possible
i central location In San Francisco; surrounded
j by great attract ;cnp and doing a flourishing
business; this is a bargain; chance never
' equaled M {.450. M. A. BROOKS, 12 Golden
Gate aye. . .
IF you want a partner or buy established
business we have them; see us first. 927
i Market St., room 2CB.
$150 GETS half interest in toed business; come
quick; no fake. 927 Market St.. room 20S.
WANTED— Restaurant man with little money
to run a kitchen in a first-class place on
Market St.; place and trade established ;
everything complete; owner otherwise en-
gaged. Inquire at Market and 7th; old Grotto.
PARTNER for good paying $73 business; no
experience.. Call or address groceiy store,
corner Twenty-eighth and Church sts.; some-
thin- new.
ONE of the best-paytnc bakeries in the Mis-
sion; bakes 1% barrels flour per day; receipts
from $10 to $15 per day In the store, with a
small outside route; one horse and wagon;
must be sold on account of sickness. Ad-
dress bos 1912. Call. • T
$1250— FINE saloon and lunchroom, 50 miles
from city; 6 trains and 2 steamboats dally;
cottage, 4 rooms, modern; most prominent
corner; 2 blocks from depot and boat landing;
rent 535; lease if desired; no agents. Call 206
Clay St., from 11 a. m. to 3 p. m.
$650 BUYS Interest In wonderful invention and
secures good position at a salary of $2 50 per
: day. besides paying at least 200 per • cent
i yearly profit on investment. Call, 9 to 3, at
i room 8. 1073% Market st.
i . '
! WANTED— Parties to invest few hundred in
I richest gold mine ever found; fortune in
j eight: every dollar invested guaranteed;
shares net assessable; Just about to organize.
Apply 130 Sixth st. I
I BANK cashier, also an assistant cashier for
bank in a prosperous town near Sari Fran-
cisco; must be prepared to take some bank
stock; state past experience, etc. Box 1920,
Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale, cheap; situated
among factories where thousands of people
are passing; rent $15; fine chance for man
and wife. 564 Fourth st.
$73— RESTAURANT among factories; $12; liv-
ing-rooms; will take partner. 1221 Market,
I upstairs.
! MEAT market for '.ale in town of 6000 in-
' habitants at bargain; open for inspection.
| Eox 2CSS. Call.
! SACRIFICE on account of sickness; bakery,
stationery, candies, tobaccos; opposite school
and station. 2047 Railroad aye., Alameda.
FOR SALE — A good planing mill in a lumber
yard; located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 459. Healdsburg. Cal. I
SODA fountain cheap; Keystone make; 13 fau- '
, cets. 120 Battery st.
FOR sale— A first-class hotel at Watsonville.
Address R. P. QUINN, Watsonville.
FOR tale — Interest in printing office.
For particulars write box 2091. Call.
GROCERY store and bakery- Inquire at Fifth-
st. station, Alameda.
SALOON for sale, opposite the ferry. Apply
11 East St.. north of Market.
CHOP and oyster house for sale. 524 Pacific st.
FOR RENT— acres poultry ranch; $7 a
month. Inquire 559 Third St., San Francisco, j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia, st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS^CISaRS $250" EVERY^MONTf^
don't miss this bargain. DECKER, 1020 Mkt.
ALL BARGAINS— CALL FOR LIST.
24 rooms; the best $2000
12 rooms large yard I • 1300 !
40 rooms: boarding 4500 |
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE. I
8 rooms; fine yard 350 '
10-room house; fine location 425 !
24 rooms; on Geary st : 1900 t
16 rooms; transient: only $400 cash 750 j
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit.. 800 |
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350 i
18 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $S0 SOO ¦
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150 1600
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750 \
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments 1250
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ONLY $703 cash, bal. easy payments; best
transient house in city. H. C. DECKER, 1020 ,
Market st. ' j
A-A CLEAR TITLE GUARANTEED J
AT RETSI.OFF'S OFFICE !
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
Any of the following on monthly payments:
8 rooms; well furnished $400 i
17 rooms; $250 can remain; clears $85 500 I
3 rooms; grand transient location 2200 :
25 rooms; good location: clears $150 1200
16 rooms; corner; jiart cash 1000 ;
28 rooms; clears $60; payments 400 j
1)9 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5500 :
40 rooms; always rented; Bicrlfice 1250 '
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
IS rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500 |
20 rooms; good location; money maker.... 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 631 :
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market St.
40 ROOMS; sunny and every room rented; good
location; cliars $200; $2850. RETSLOFF.
15 ROOMS: just "listed; clears $70; best in the
city; $1200; payments. RETSLOFF. j
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market Et. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains. *
24 r. ; rent $65; good house and loc.; only. slloo l
24 r. ; Geary; fine inccme :.. 1900
18 r. ; rent $55; clears $60; good location.. SOU
15 r.; rent $80; NE. cor.: new cleg. furn.. 1500 i
17 r. ; rent $65; Post; good house; pays well.
9 r.; rent $45; good house; Sutter st 800
6 r. ; rent $35; modern flat; cleg.; reduced. 350 j
McERIDE & CO. have moved to 765 Market st. I
Some Bargains for To-day:
100-room house $14C0 i
16-room house 900
12-room house 6CO I
10-room house 1 700 I
14-room boarding-house 1100 j
Great bargains In restaurants, saloons,
bakeries, candy, cigar stores, etc.
FOR sale— At Sacramento, Cal., a second-class '
hotel of 60 rooms, reading-room, dining-room,
kitchen and barroom; all the rooms rented to
steady lodgers; located on principal business
street; offered at a sacrifice, as owner's health
w}H not permit him to continue the business;
rent reasonable. For further particulars in-
quire of W. P. COLEMAN CO., 325 J St.,
Sacramento, Cal.
A— ROOMS; Ellis St.; rent $32 50; 0n1y.. 5300 '¦
16 rooms: good furniture, carpets; only.. 725
12 rooms; Market si. ; rent $40; good house. 550
Many more bargains; get our list first.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and rices, in all parts of the city: get our
list first MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
30 r. ; BEAUTIFUL house: profit $130 $3150
4 r. ; rent $175; clears $200 month 2000
21 r. ; profit $70 month; bargain 1150
15 r.; profit $56; good location 1050
14 r.: rent and water $27 50 400
COFFMAN & SHUBERT. 1007% Market st.
BUYERS Before buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1311. 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
He can suit you in houses and prices.
$1100; HOUSE of 41 rooms; rent $75: place
1 clearing easily $175 per month. Call R. ,G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
$1000— $600 CASH; 15 rooms, near Market St.;
turn people away every night. 921 Market st.
" SPIRITUALISM.
A^M^^R7~FARN_tAl«,"s^piHtUkr^ediuni
and life reader; mining a. specialty; dr. Sun.,
Wed, and Friday evening. 1035 Market bt.
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tup., Fri., Sun., 8 p. m., 50c. 1034 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, ft. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car... "
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st. satisfactory
readings, 50c, $1; circle every night, 10c.
MRS. HARLAND: returned; clr. Tues.. Thurs ,
Frl.. Sun.; 15c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st. ,
; MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak; circle Bun.. Tues..
Frl.. 7:30; Wed., ladles. 2:30; read, daily, 50c!
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS? materializing seance
Friday evening. 305 Taylor st.; 50c.
MRS. JENNIE ROBINSON, medium, 5098 Lar-
kin. nr. Turk; hours 11 to 4; phone Sutter 341.
BROCKWAYS seance Sunday, Tuesday. Thurs-
day. 25c. 8:15 p. m.; readings dally. 299 Hyde.
KATIE HEUSSMANN removed to 1774 13th, nr
Guerrero; readings by mall; sittings dally.
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1901.
I SPIRITUALISM— Con tinned. , '.. .. ,_;.
I EDWARD EARLE, 32S Bills, phone Polk 1601;
sittings 9:30 to 5; seance Sun, and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night. lCc.
VO VASTS.
ME. M. BERNARD, . '
THE FAMOUS ,
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third Ft., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives ..an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
BROOKS, CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM.
Do you wish to succeed? Are you making a
change in business? Are you ill, depressed or
uncertain? Why not seek the fullest knowl-
edge that will help you to succeed? Letters
containing stamp answered. BROOKS, 1206
Market, rooms ; 34 and 36, cor. Golden, Gate.
MRS. DX. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. -Golden Gate aye., .rooms 2". and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed \>y mail; • send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday. ' ¦-.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT,
, HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mall.
DAGMA, renowned and peerless clairvoyant; If
you are in trouble, unhappy or not satisfied
consult her. she can give you correct informa-
tion concerning your future and ! start you
on right path. 43 Van Ness. Ist floor., 10 to 9.
ME. ARNDT.the great clairvoyant, tells past, '
future; never tails; has the greatest Egyrtian
; secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
I fee 2, .c & up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Sixth st.
ME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
. reader, born with double veil— second Eight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies Me,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 HO. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, , op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MISS M. WILLE, 326 A Ellis St., clairvoyant;
crystal seer; reads your life correctly; gives
names, dates, facts, tells everything; read-
Ings, 5Cc, $1; hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; from Louisiana;
1 only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St.. nr. 4th.
PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant, scientific palm-
ist and phrenologist. 1007*2 Market, near 6th.
I MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: la-
dles 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
PRINCESS JSHMAEL. wonderful astrologlst;
tribe Alohobar. IOOSVi Mkt., 2d floor, hrs. 10-9.
MRS. MALLOKY. 917 Howard St., clairvoyant
and EDlrlt card reader; consult me.
MK3. MELVILL, weII-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken: tel. Jessie 1563
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315- O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
ME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth Ft.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 853-357 Tehama St.: tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c; ¦ laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Cleaning,.
3c; renovated, relaid. 104 14th st. ; tel.Capp 2542
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter et. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission_£<j3. ;
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works;
£33 Golden Gate aye. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr., 38-40 Sth St. :' tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.: te'.. Mission 74.
, CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails removed with-
out pain. Dr. E. Menor, 6 Eddy St.. room 105.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLI S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency,
rm. 85, 916 Market. Advice free: tel. Bush 194.
COTTAGES TO LET. "~~
FOR Sunny cottage, six rooms and bath;
corner Steiner and Bush; references required.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market St. .
COTTAGE, three rooms; - large sunny yard;
water. Apply grocery, Jersey and Sanchez. |
DENTISTS. '
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 327 Market St., Emma
Spreckels Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold linings, $1 60; other fill-
ings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns. $5 up;
plates, a lull set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up. • .
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or till ings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady I attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 803 Market., cor.
4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D., S.. manager.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,-
50c; plates, $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction,
r.Oc. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 64 Sixth st.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. C Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.  **
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ,'..<-
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkln— Pain-
less extractloh,soc;plates $5 up;phone Pclkll3s.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS. __
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School — i
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moftatt.
EDUCATIONAL. ',
H_XL7s^s^ob_T7sFli;L_!cmiCAxrENGi-
KEEKING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shot* work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
f'ljellirg, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
LEARN how to write short or continued sto-
ries; get an idea of practical reporting and
correspondence; private instruction in all
, branches of journalism thoroughly : taught in
| six months. For terms apply room 22, "The
- Gladstone,'.' corner Polk and Eddy sts. '
THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President,. Jordan- or any
Stanford professor. . Phelan building. V- j
— The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.; :•
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College: moat thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates,
• new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— elec, mlnlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
j der Nalllen School, .113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrdtt building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the.
Gregg shorthand costs J only $60. ' San • Fran-
Cisco Business College, -. 1236 ; Market st. ¦ . ..
A— Miss Bolte's School, 2734 Pine , St.; . board;
¦ Eng., French, German, music;. $30 mo. ; coach.
KENT Law School, day and night. 654 Parrott
building; send for catalogue. . . ' ¦',"
BOUVIERE School of Acting. 26 O'Farrell
room 30; positions guaranteed. ¦' 'V  . ¦.
CHINATOWN sketching, oil and water colors
lessons. E. W. CURRIER, studio 36 Geary.
I —
PROF. .C. Hoffman, tenor and ; voice builder;
' Italian method; concert and opera. 1017 Sutter.
EDUCATIONAL — Continued.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
Eitlons. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
FIGURES— Nothing like it for rapidity; $5.
_TARR. 220 Parrott bldg., gives particulars.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c: piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
Leo Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary st.;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH, Latin, Mathematics. Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON, 776 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
VAUDEVILLE School of Actinjr— Pupils pre-
pared for the Stage. 125 Mason Bt.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile cless. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARtInGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-nlght class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1R63; new 80-page catalosrue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable housecleaning; also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
George Kinochita, 783 Haight; tel. Fell 5046;
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Fo!3om 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds:
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 4114 O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. 81ack 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5182.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER, first class; perfect fitter, de-
signer and trimmer; experienced in best
v.-ork; costumes remodeled; latest styles; $1 50
per day in families. Address J. P., 1110 L_r-
kln st.
COMPETENT woman wishes position; light
housework, cooking; Is good seamstress; un-
derstands dressmaking; good home; 6mall
wages. 445 Geary St.
REFINED young lady wishes position to at-
tend invalid lady or as companion; would do
mending or assist In household duties; $20 to
$25. Box 1936. Call office.
POSITION by neat, capable elderly woman;
good cook, washing, house-cleaning; fond of
children; references; wages $10 month. 254
Natoma st.
REFINED, thoroughly reliable woman wishes
a position as housekeeper or Infant's nurse;
reference. Box 1948, Call office.
POSITION wanted by German girl to do house-
work. 1421 Mission st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to do sewing.
1079 Market st.
THOROUGHLY experienced cashier; also sten-
ographer; best references. Box 2381, Call.
A NEAT young lady wants position; 2 yeans"
experience; assistant bookkeeper, stenogra-
pher or cashier; salary $30 per month; refer-
ences. Address box 2090, Call office.
DAILY governess, English lady, desires posl-
tion. Box 1738, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$ff week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALeT"
EXPERIENCED engineer wants position as
engineer or fireman; country preferred; have
Eastern State license; experience 10 years.
Box 2084, Call office.
MAN, 29, German, speaks and writes English,
wishes position soliciting-, drive delivery wa-
gon, care for invalid, work In store, etc.;
references. Box 2053, Call.
FURNITURE store hand wants position; can
repair any kind of furniture, hang shades,
etc. ; first-class mechanic. Box 1937. Call.
YOUNG man 21 would like position around
private place in the city; good hostler. Box
2587, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as masseur; un-
derstands using Betz hot air machines. Box
1949. Call office.
PRACTICAL furniture finisher wants Job In
city on old or new work; wages reasonable.
T. TAYLOR. 62 Second st.
GROOM, coachman (S*); English and Ameri-
can experience, wants engagement; not less
than $30 per month. Box 2359 Call, Oakland.
POSITION In country by competent carpenter
foreman. Box 1947, Call office.
WANTED— Position by man aged 30; good hab-
its; industrious, energetic, persevering; has
excellent university and legal education:
practical experience of some value and a good
knowledge of stenography; good appearance;
must and will work, but needs opportunity at
once; cart furnish Eastern references. Address
box 2330, Call.
A RESPECTABLE, middle-aged man wants
some kind of light work or to take care of an
invalid; good references. Address J. N., box
2057, Call office.
YOUNG man, good references, speaking and
writing English, French, Italian and Spanish,
desires to be employed. Call or write to AL-
BERT VORCHIO. 920 Montgomery st.
A POSITION In wholesale grocery house by in-
telligent younc man wishing to learn the
business; $30 per month to start; best refer-
ences. Box 1830. Call office.
WANTED — A situation to tend bar by a young
Gorman; responsible party; security given
If required. Apply 330 Main st.
SITUATION wanted by experienced bill clerk;
rapid and accurate figurer and extender;
wages moderate. Box 2396, Call.
A YOUNG man (German) wants situation as
butler; references at hand if wanted. 613
Sansome st.; tel. Bush 571.
CAKE baker, good all around, wants situation
as second or third hand; large shop preferred;
city or country. Address A. J., 2048 Mission.
A YOUNG man 21 years of age wishes a posi-
tion of any kind. Address box 2399. Call.
YOUNG man employed daytime desires to milk
cows In payment for room rent. Box 1910, Call.
JAPANESE nice boy wants a situation as
school boy or housework. M. H., 110 Golden
Gate aye.
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)-^V>
have 42 offices In operation; new method o(
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-S-D Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and financed, stock
taken In payment for services; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
FLATS TO LET.
$6— LOWER flat, S rooms, stove, yard; water
free. 23 Holly st. 75 feet from Mission, opp.
Thirty-third and Mission; no children.
NEW upper flat, 6 rooms & finished attic; fine
location, view & grounds. Northwest cor.
and Portola sts., bet. Pierce _ Steiner.
3 FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping; no
children; $10. 1652V4 Mission st.
O'FARRELL, 1033— Modern flat 6 sunny rooms.
bath, yard, basement; reas. to good tenant
CHURCH, 294— Elegant new modern sunny cor.
flat; 8 rooms, bath, basement; $40.
FLATS TO LKT FURNISHKD.
FURNISHED 4-room flat; piano; bath; yard;
$25; party leaving town. 1517 Golden Gate aye. .
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
A BARGAIN — Account enforced departure,
sunny nine-room upper flat, near Park Pan-
handle, for rent; nearly new; furniture and
carpets for salt* Address "Immediate," room
310. 502 California st.
FOR sale— Furniture of 6-room flat at 282 Va-
lencia st.
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
Clyde L. Keller, 128-130 Hayes, nr. Van Ness—
Xmas novelties; oval and odd-shaped frames.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR Sale— Furniture of 4-room flat cheap;
must be sold; also Sohmer upright piano. 814
Central aye., near McAllister st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $43 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms for sale, and rooms
to let; rent $7 per month. 504V4 Minna st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS 634 Ellis st. ; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
GLOVER
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory pries;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ava.
HELP WANTED-— FEMALE.
WAITRESS for institution $20
2 waitresses, private boarding-house 20
German nurse 30
Cook, mining camp 25
4 parlor maids 23
Man and wife, as cook and gardener 60
Cook, no wash 30
Lady's maid 30
5 cooks, plain wash 25-30
75 houseglrls, city and country 20-25
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
TRAINED nurses to call and register their
names and residences for our trained nurse
department, so that physicians can secure
nurses without delay. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
34 Sutter st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ..Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitresses, waitresses, chambermaids
to wait, laundresses, cooks, candy packer,
seamstress; best of wages
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook and assist laundry work, Berkeley: 2
Swedish housegirls. nice families. $25; carfare
paid to go and see others. C. R. HANSEN _
CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK and second girl, Bakersfield, $50, see
party here. C. R. HANSEN- & CO., 104 Geary.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, commercial hotel. $22 50, fare paid;
10 waitresses, city and country hotels, $20 to
$25; chambermaid. Southern California. $20: 4
chambermaids, to wait. $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, $30, and second girl for 2 in family,
country, fare paid; cook and second, $50, city;
housegirl, San Jose, $25; housegirl, Bakers-
field, $35. see party here, fare paid; many
others
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Waitress, country $20
A— Hairdresslns thoroughly taught in 3 weeks;
entire course, $5; manicuring, shampooing,
scalp treatment, singeing, bleaching, dyeing;
electrical face massage system, includes cup-
ping, rolling, steaming, etc. ; everything fur-
nished; positions positively guaranteed; 3 good
positions now open to those entering immedi-
ately; graduates earn $75 to $125 a month with
private customers. S. F. HAIRDRESSKNG
COLLEGE, 233 Geary St.. rooms 13-15.
RELIABLE young woman for general house-
work; gas range; no windows; plain cooking;
reference required; $15 to start. Call 3641
Nineteenth Bt., before 12 Friday only.
WANTED— A wet nurse for the country; child
from 3 to 6 months. Apply in person with
baby at 1212 Sutter St., from 10 to 12 Friday
and Saturday.
OPERATORS wanted to sew shirts; a few In-
experienced taught. Apply THE L. ELKUS
CO., 29 and 31 Battery st.
WANTED— FIrst-class cook and do some wash-
ing; small family; wages $30 to $35; references
required. Call 1809 California st.
WANTED— GirI for cooking and housework in
small family: best ref. required. 524 Natoma
st. ; apply after 10 a. m.
YOUNG girl from country preferred, light
housework; no cooking; two in family; good
home, Alameda; $2 a week. Box 694, Call.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged Protestant woman as
working housekeeper in small family; good
home. 622 Natoma st.
NEAT girl for chamberwork and wait at dln-
ner; wages $21; after 10. 816 Sutter st.
A GIRL to assist In housework; car fare. Call
1318 California «t.
WANTED— Experienced alteration hands for
suits and waists. Call store. 107 Post st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in housework;
small family; adults. 2168 Sutter st.
2 NOON waitresses; also dishwasher. 511 Bran-
nan. nr. 4th; call early; no Sunday work.
GIRL for plain and general housework. Apply
3168 Geary st., nr. DevUadero.
GIRL or middle-aged woman for light house-
work. 113 East St., north of Market.
I WANTED— An experienced young girl to do
I cooking and general housework. 1964 Bush st.
YOUNG ladies wanted as operators on Incan-
descent lamps. 509 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED silk and shirt waist hands;
good pay. JUDA BROS., 109 Battery st.
WANTED — Experienced crockery saleslady
give reference. Box 1939, Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and stenographer;
ref. required. L. SAMTER & SON, 51S Mkt.
WANTED— 9I first-class waitress at 304 Mason
st. ; wages $8 a week.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for suit and waist
department. S. M., box 1767, Call orflce.
YOUNG girl assist with light housework and 2
children 3 and 5 years. 1633 Post st
APPRENTICE to learn dressmaking! 14 Grant
aye., room 64.
GIRL wanted— Light housework; small wash;
¦wages $15. 432 Fair Oaks gt.
WANTED— Waitress at 1007 Market st.
WANTED— Experienced hands for cloak and
suit alterations. Apply at HALE BROS.
! EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts.
WANTED— 25 ladies for concert hall In South-
ern California. For particulars call at 906
Market st.. room 17, second floor; hours, 2
to 4:30 p. m.
AN Independent, deserving woman, one appre-
ciating an opportunity to advance In business,
as a traveler. Box 2394, Call office.
WELL-VERSED, good-appearing woman as
commercial traveler; permanent position
Box 2007, Call office.
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats; steady
work; good pay. 533 Natoma st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 1516
Devlsadero Et.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general work In
country hotel; $20. 1300 Turk st.
WANTED— GirI; general housework. 3599 Sev-
enteenth st.
LADY for steam bath business; no experience
required. Address box 1918, 'Call.
30 WOMEN for dancing at 233 Powell. Call
from 10 a. m. till 5 p. m.
OPERATORS on custom shirts. 48 Ellla st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework in
I small family. 898 Fourteenth st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and |
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
I MURRAY & READY. PhonT^aln~si4B
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
634-636 Clay st.
! Sash and door maker, country plantng-mill..
$3 50 day
2 carpenters, country $50 and found
I 6 machinists, 9 hours a day, city
Blacksmith and woodworker, country shop
Bench hand, planing-mlll, fare $150.. 53 a day
Carriage trimmer, country shop $3 a day
3 machine men. country planing-mlll $3 a day
Machine- blacksmith, city Slack cooper
15 four-horse teamsters, country $67 5 1
6 muckers, quartz mine $75
7 laborers, near city, $2 a day; 20 laborers,
city and country. $2 to $2 25 .¦
10 drillers, $75 New work
10 laborers. $57 50 New work
15 teamsters, long job, $2 25 New work
4 stablemen, buggy washers and hostlers;
Italian vegetable gardener, country; 7 plow I
teamsters, $30 and $35 and found ; 18 farm
hands; 6 milkers; 2 butter-makers; 27 chore-
men and choreboys: bootblack to do some
porter work; boy to learn blacksmith trade...
Cook and dishwasher, country hotel, $60:
bakor, small country shop, $35; 5 cooks for
other jobs; cook and dishwasher, same place;
2 waiters, same place; 14 other waiters; 2">
kitchen hands and dishwashers, hotel, $30
and found; cake baker, small country shop,
$35 and found; baker's helper, country, $23
jar.dj ar.d found :
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay gt.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay St.— Ger-
man harnessmaker for ranch, $35: ranch
teamster, 8 mules, $30; waiter, hotel, Neva-
da, $40: cook, small boarding-house, $30; cab-
inetmaker for pipe organ work: basketmaker,
piece work; basalt block makers, piece or
flay work; .erigger for woolen mill, if 9 a week;
machine lathe hands; 10 scraper teamsters,
i $2 25 a day; 10 shovelers, ditch work, $2 25 a
day; driver for milk wagon, $30.
SCANDINAVIAN, coachman, $35 and found; 6
I machinists. 30c hour; 2 carpenters for mill
1 company, $50 and board; 2 milkers, $30 and
found; farmer and wife. $50 and found; cabi-
net-maker, $3 day; 2 milk wagon drivers. $30
; and $40 and found; errand boy; laborers about
¦ mill, woodchojiper<". cooks, waiters and oth-
, ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st— Washer for
steam laundry, must help Ironing, $35; gard-
ener for nursery, greenhouse work. $25. etc.
A LEADING real estate office Is prepared to
teach the business to a young man able to
I control considerable business; state name, ad-
dress and nature of amount of business he
ran control. Box 2355, Call.
WANTED— 2 flrst-class sheetlron workers and
2 flrst-class pipe fitters. TAYLOR &
PRITCHARD, 12 and 14 Market St.
BARBER shop; city front; good for hustler;
cheap If sold Immediately. STOLTZ 723
Market st.
WANTED— Air experienced wrapper at RA-
PHAEL'S.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
i price:- -563 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
MALE— Con.
A FIRST-CLASS salesman; must be experi-
enced in either furniture or carpets; no other
need apply; salary no object; steady posi-
tion. M. FRIEDMAN & CO., 237 Post St.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man with $100 for
a plain every day business; will pay SSO to $65
a month; experience not required; place per-
j manent. Apply at 765 Market St., room 3.
BARBERS— To trade flrst-class barber sho-p and
I baths in suburban town near city for shop In
City. WALTER HAVES & CO.. 83S Market.
BARBERS-Wanted, a No. 1 shop, 3 chalr3 or
more, with or without cigar stand; country
preferred. Box 1935. Call.
WANTED— Young man to work In printing of-
fice: srlve experience and reference. Box
1340, Call. _^
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply at HALE BROS.' bet. 8 and 11 a. n<.
EXPERIENCED bill clerk for wholesale house;
state age and references. Box 2384, Call.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; wages
J5. 2197^ Powell St.
BARBER wanted— Steady for Saturday night
! and Sunday. 1210 Castro st.
' STAMPED envelODe with handwriting will
bring statement characteristics. 3ox 2057. Call.
WANTED— An experienced wrappor at RA-
PHAELS.
PLAYERS of various Instruments wanted for
established amateur orchestra. Box 2389. Call.
WANTED— A younc man who can do flrst-
class reapirlng on shoes. 21S Ist, nr. Tehama.
WANTED— Waiter; all-around work. 37 Eddy
street.
WANTED— An experienced grocery clerk. Ap-
ply at 2807 Mission st.
WANTED— Barber. Saturday evening and Sun-
day; wages $3 50. 2007 Mission St.
WANTED— A young man for tailoring busi-
ness; reference required. Box 2380, Call office.
BARBER shop across the bay; 3 chairs steady;
low price. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
WANTED — Young man for office work; must
be good at figures. Apply bet. 8 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.,
near Weaverville, Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and "best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery st.. room 14, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
! MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
i required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
I catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
¦WANTED— Young man of good address for
floor-walker in dry goods house; state age,
experience and salary expeated. Apply box
2393, Call.
1 WANTED— A bellboy; neatly dressed; reF-
I erences. Hotel Baltimore, 1013 Van Ness aye.
• WANTED— A steady, reliable young man with
some cash; no experience required; $15 week;
steady place. 1221 Market, room 1 upstairs.
COATMAKER wanted; steady work. 305«
Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— Iron workers accustomed to fitting
and erecting stairs. 605 Mission st.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REIS3
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
BARBERS, attention— Good shop for sale
cheap. Twenty-first and Mission sts.
•WANTED— Cash boys. Apply at Hale Bros.'
WANTED— Boys from 16 to 20 to learn to
operate sewing machines at GREENEBAUM,
_WEIL & MICHELS, 531 Mission st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 250
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
I SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
1 PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 7oo rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IO.tS
Valencia st.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
DO not fail to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday, November 27. at 11 a. m., at the
Arcade Horse Market, 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE, auctioneer.
TWO carloads fine team horses Just In; gentle
broke and adapted to delivery wagons; excel-
lent opportunity to buy reasonable: SSO to $120
the team. JOHN H. HALTON, 1932 Market.
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one I-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage CAR-
VILL MFG. CO., 48 Eighth st.
FOR sale— By J. E. FINCH at Eclipse Stable,
1375 Eddy St., a fine lot of carriage, road and '
business horses.
FOR Sale— A fresh Durham cow, gentle. 100
Isabel st.. Bernal Heights.
VERY stylish bay carriage team: seventeen
hands- sound, gentle. E. S.. 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. O. aye.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. E32 Mi?sion. ]
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr^
cular. G. H. UMDSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LOST AND FOUND]
: TUESDAY evening, in or going to Alcazar,
brooch pin; diamond surrounded by pearls*.
Suitable reward by MRS. C. AKMANN, 4142
Seventeenth st.
STRAYED or stolen— Dark sorrel mare an-.l
buggy with red running gear, black body and
top. Return to NOLAN DRAYAGE CO., 43
First st.. and receive reward.
LOST— Monday, a bull terrier pup. Finder will
please return to 2112 Pacific aye. and receive
reward.
LOST— Liberal reward given to any one return-
ing Irish water spaniel dog to ROOS BROS.,
25-27 Kearny st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make, new watch cases.
MATKIMOMAI..
MARRIAGE bureau: estab. 1S87; reliable and '
confidential; list. 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis st. ,
j : I
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st. •
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. ODONNELL—AII who are sick ami in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken: the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free-
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli- ;
cate nature; all classes of female complaints i
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR G I
W. O'DONNELL, 101S Market St.. opp. Fifth." I
A— Dr. & Mrs. Sweet is a graduate of the Royal
University of Berlin; has had 25 years' expe-
rience in midwifery cases; has opened strictly
private sanitarium at her own residence, 606
Gu»rrero, nr. 18th; takes ladles before & dur-
ing confinement, with best of motherly care;
$15; room & board. $4: infants adopted; every
case guaranteed to be restored to best of
I health; advice free; phone Blue 411.
i MRS. D. WYETH and MRS. KOHL, reliable
ladles' specialists for female complaints- In-
stant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience-
firivate home before and during confinement'
10 O'Farrell st., near Taylor; hours 9 to 5. '
I THE original MRS. DAVIES is stiM locatetTat
1228 Market; maternity home provided- office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and S to 8:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home- home '
in confinement. 1126 Market st.. S. F. j
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market-Reliable ladies'
special 5 a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees. '
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert sneciiTluTr
well known and reliable: 25 yearV' practice in
S. F.; maternity home; fee low. 906 Market.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton^sTroppolite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs
MIWIBS^ASp MINING.
FOR sale— Monte»»ma's dividend sTockTllrnUed
number; 20c per share. Box 1917, Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE. |
• BOILERS engines, Id-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
" second hand: we always have a large stock of
'[ saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
" i one floor ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. Ml
[ Mission St., above Sixth; writ* for catalogue.
1 I LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, snap-
ers. etc. : also good working tools, such as
'. ¦ hand saws, wood planers, anapers. stickers,
mortlsers, saws, etc. J. B. JARDIXE. 220
Fremont st. . .... .- —
'. DYNAMO, 150 light W«*tin_house, with flx-
: tures complete: also ! 15- H. P. Westlnghouse
high-speed engine: would take one or two
small motors in exchange. GLADDING, lie-
. BEAN & CO.. ir.B Market St.. S. F.
' A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
; gines. boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
i A— 50 DERBY and Fedora hat 3. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. ns«r Plna.
: FINE suits. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
I HOISTING engines and boilers for sale, rent
. or exchanged. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
¦ FOR Arctic curios: collectors only; very
rare. O'NEILL. £00 Bush st.
: IST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boil-
. erg bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
¦ WE buy and sell nothing but second-hand cat--.
. pets. D. GREENWALT & CO.. 708 Valencia^
• NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak:J
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth/
¦ JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny St., rm. 29.
¦ BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
• CASH register (Hallwood): brand new; reduc-
tion of $55. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California it.
; BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
: I MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
I tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
¦ GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. ¦ Z E. DOAK, 511 Mission st.
• SAFES— and second hand. THE HER-
I MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
'. ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. ¦
' FAIRBANKS' 10- ton hay scales; jeweler's steel.
; lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st
1 i ~~~~~— ~~—~» —»-——————"»—»—¦—————————————_»
; MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ~
I %-HORSEPOWER 110 volts electric motor of
, I standard make. TUCKET & KLINE. at
Sutter st.
[ I BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress ft Tux-
: edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
. skins. Box 1205, Call office.
HIGHEST price paid cast-off clothing. Jewelry;
| 1 send postal. J. COHN, 229 Montgomery aye.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
• cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD, 1706 Market st,
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and!
; theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Folsom 2528.
! MONEY TO LOAN.
; H£RlLASrii^PHTr"^E^s]^eV' n TMi^ J niC
1 $4,500,000 at lowest rates „
Loans made
On first and second mortgages.
J Life interests in estates ..»
i - v Undivided Interests In real estate
' Property being held in trust
• Life policies. Estates in probate
' ' : If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bids;.
1 AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
$300,000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit City and
' Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests la
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAS-
• H ATT AN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate...
i Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
1 24 Montgomery st.. room 3
¦ ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
, interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room. 18,
Ist floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLS_M.
' ANY amount, lowest rates on mortgages, es-
tates, legacies, undivided interests, chattel J
mtgs., etc.; enterprises of merit also sought.
D. J. HALLORAN". 206 Keary St.. room 314.
A RELIABLE: corporation established In .1883; .'
proper place to borrow money on diamonds,
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office, 9 Grant aye.. nr. Mrkt; tel. Black 5471.
' HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
! MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant are., near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
I LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
1 ries, goods in warehouse. etc. :any amount .low-
eat rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount:
I lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
, out lndorser or on mortgages at 8 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc, by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bids.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
' age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 63.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
8%% ON real estate; mortgaged property ex-
changed for clear. LEVITZKY. 314 Montgom.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; _•
commis. : confidential. Whitehead. 1716 Market.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal!
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st. ,
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each J
JiCOO: any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. _
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It A. E. UDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without Indorser; other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big:
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and dis-
counts. 321 Parrott building. ¦
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second hand, Is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. yew pianos sold upon,
easy payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3, $4 and, $5 per month. SHER-
-MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ASK us to give you a piano if you want to. and
we will come very near doing It: we are sell-
ing so low that it Is almost like giving pianos
away; come and let us talk piano to you and
you'll not be sorry; we are agents for Decker
& Son. Wissner and Baumeister. all good and
cheap at the price. THE ZENO MAUVAI3
I MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co., sole agents most, famous and oldest
American makes; easy payments; big allow-
ance for second-hand pianos; rents $2 up al-
lowed: bargains. $25 up: Steinways. 1185:
Chickerings, $135; 50 others; agents wanted.
217 Geary st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS—
. Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up. I
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new uprlgmV^
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ «•
I SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. Mason
and Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sola by us taken back any tins*
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
I from us. KOHLER _ CHASE, 30 O'Farrell
st; established ISSO.
A SMALL Weber upright, $125: elegant walnut
case Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak case; Hardman square, $45; organs $25
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth st . IVERS _
POND and A. B. CAMERON, Agents.
WHOLESALE and retail piano dealers.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO
933 Market (after Jan. 1, 931-933 Market).
A LOT of unredeemed pianos will be sold for
storage this week; dirt cheap. WILSON
' Storage, 1710 Market st.
ELEGANT upright piano for sale, cheap:
oAvner going East. MRS. CA-MBLOS. 521
Eddy st. • , . ¦
i PRIVATE party scariflces account departure
handsome new upright piano; guaranteed.
218 Leavenworth st
$650 UPRIGHT left on sale; price $155. R. 3S.
217 Geary st.
I PIANO free; party will give use of piano to
party who will try to sell it. R. 38. 217 Gear^
J: ;irr s £ HLElir -Bright, excellent condltisntT
t.j; Erard upright. Hornung. 216 McAllister:
S V, t r^ R r I )R Vi ° linB zithers, old and new. H.
Ml LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamlltoi
Solelman Dlanoa. SOS Pone st. ¦TurrsiCAL iwsTßrMF,yrju-^co»
Goon second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
AT KEEFFES, 22 Turk St., near Market—
Shoninger, Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, S3 per
mo. . SCOTT -CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
MOXEY WAXTED.
-TED— To borrow $10,000 at 6 per cent on
city business property; rents for $120 month.
Box £3SS. Call office.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO rent— Cisrar -tore or barber shop; splendid
location. S."'S Howard st.
PACIFIC. S2B— Handsome, large store cheap;
also SO4 Sansome: rent only $10.
OIL.. ' _ (
OIL tank* second-hand. In good order- all
flzeg; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission St.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, EIS
Taylor st., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
KF.ERGAARD, president St. Germain College.
reads from 1 to 5. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
PA IX TKRS^AXp DECORATORS.
ROOM papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Kartrr.an Paint Co., 31? 3d. : tel. Red 3521.
y I'ATLX'IS A\l> I'£:nsio.\s.
PENSION advice free; general practitioner?
GEO. 1). CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
PERSOXALS.
ARRIVED— The greatest living authority on
leminir.e beauty. Dr. N. de Savoysky or Paris.
dermatologist to the Empress of Austria, has
consented to meet the ladies at La Verite
parlors during his stay in the city; he teaches ¦
how to preserve or acquire health, youth and
beauty; his treatment of deep wrinkles sur-
passes anything done in this country; moles,
til skin blemishes and superfluous hair perma-
nently removed without pain or scars by mod-
trn European methods: consultation free, 3
to 6 p. m. La Verite Parlors. 1140 Market St..
opposite Hales.
ARTISTIC hairdresElng 23c, manicuring 25c.
per.ts' manicuring 5Cc, by expert*: best hair
•work at reasonable prices; baths, moM ele-
gant in city, 25c; our specialties, scalp treat-
ment and I'ace massage; Pattl Beauty Cream
Me; headquarters for genuine Farrina Cologne;
dainty Russian tea served free to all visitors
at the BON-TON. 324 Post st.
INDIAN baskets. Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bou£ht. NAT RAPHAEL. lIS Geary
st. largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upward.
TO doctors and others— A lady and gentleman,
with some training in nursing and health
matters, are prepared to undertake the man-
agement of a sanitarium or other institution
on very favorable terms. Box 2355, Call, Oakld.
AN elepant line of remnants far suits to order.
JIS; with these suits we make an extra pair
•r.f pants Tree of chaise; other suits on install-
15$ata, ?1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
/¦.*:.. between Seventh and Eighth.
A— HAIR, birthmarks, moles removed forever. I
painless ar.d without scar, with electricity, by '
IOSS GRL'BER, the cosmetic artist. 3598
Eighteenth st., cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 1361.
POSITIVE cure— Save our friend: Mooser Co.
Gold Cure for Drunkenness: we have testi- ,
monials; direction to give secretly; pr'.c? {5. I
Address Ilia Geary st., S. F.
"Bt'PINESS Men's Leg-al Bureau." consulta-
tion free: in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ir.ps jiartios not required to go Into court.
Room Cll, Examiner bidg. ; phone Black 8604. !
MR?. BRIGGS. dermatologist— Superfluous hair.
mol<»6. ether facial blemishes permanently re-
moved without pain or ars by the latest I
electric appliances. 90S Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171. i
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case~of ;
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 50 per bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med. .
Co.. 724 Valencia et.. B. F. : tel. Church 157). !
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Et., near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
¦WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVAN'S.
Domestic oifice. 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
FACE nissage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods; electric roleau; superflu-
ous hair removed by electrolysis. Mme.Z ephey
lv:a-ora, parlors 330 -utter; phone Black 1322.
•VISITORS to Chinatown should not fail to see
7 the many interesting curios at LOOK
' >HUE'S 13 Waverly place.
Yon adoption; a fine male infant; fair; of rood '
parent*. Apply MRS. DR. GOODWIN 906
Market et.
ARTISTIC hairdresßing, 23c; manicuring Ssc;
tharrpooing £0c; hair dyeing, wigs, switches
_ard front pieces. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
AT cash prices: ladies' tailor-made suits, coats,
fulk wains, trimmed hats, skirts. etc.; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 136 Fifth st.
"WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. S2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton Et., near Broadway.
GO TO THE GREAT BOOK AUCTION
¦ TO-NIGHT AT 7:30
> IM9 Market et.. opp. McAllister st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
elfctric needle. MISS EATON*. 1119 Sutter st.
A~lrlA ~ Ir l >°' j r hair Is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore. 222 O'Farrell; send for circular.
•A~ VID A Company permanently cures stomach
troub.e. T26 Valencia st., bet. lSth and 19th.
MASQUERADE costume*, play books wigs-
country orders GOLDSTEIN & CO.. Markt.
LADIE.S' nnd gents' cast-cff clothing bought and '
«afl. J. fiUrernua. SS4 Folsom; tel.Folsom 1181.
DR. LAiIOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
_bcstj;orn^curc; 25c; all druggists.
PTCP thr.t 'Vough"— California Lung- Balsam
wi.l .do it; all druggists ; phone Pine 2356. I
AI-TREDUiIS Egyptian Henna ; restores gray
talftt its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
On MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
,* XEUHAUS & CO., tailors, 113 Kearny st.
Tailor-made suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 so.
Mlgflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD cold, silver, diamonds and prc-clous stones
bo-jght. J. T. JEN'KEL. 817 Market st.
THVSICIAXS AM) SURGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL^6fflcrand~residence".
1021^ Market ft., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats an diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, rr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 day st.; fee testimonials at office.
• PLAXIXG AXD HHVI>G MILLS.
TOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing, Shaping
ar.d Sawing. CARL F. HAAS, 85 Fremont st.
REAL KSTATE CITY FOR SAL*.
IF you have lots to fell north of the Park and
wish to Bell them quickly then call on W. J.
GUNN. 629 California st.
ANTED— To purchase lots within the bound-
ary of 15th to 2Sth sts. and Church to Mls-
elon. W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
WANTED— purchase a desirable residence,
with modern improvements; must have 4 bed-
rooms; to cost under $S000; possession to be
given before January l; location, Western
Addition; an immediate buyer. W. J. GUNN.
C3D California ft.
IF you have any lots to sell on the streets run-
ning from Yallejo north fo Lombard, or on
the cross streets, between Van Ness aye. and
Baker, on the west, then call on W. J.
GUNN. £30 California st.
A SSION-ST~ INVESTMENT. *
>^\ ?li,ooo.
ft. front, bet. tth and 7th and opposite
new Postoffice building: present Improvements
two 2-etory frame houses, rents JCI 50; Mission
»t.. from 4th to 9th. Is fast becoming a busi-
ness street. THOMAS MAGEE 4 SONS. Real
Estate Acents. 5 Montgomery s^
$4400— A GREAT barf 22 lots In heart of
city: beautiful mnrlne view; only $200 per lot.
THE PHELPR-LEWIS COMPANY.
295-296 Parrott building.
$27,500— 5200 MONTHLY income; Al 3-story
Sixth ft. business block; lot 73x90. N. D.
SICKELS. the Land Agent, 6 Geary St.
KEW modern house 7 rooms, .large basement
and yard; sun all day. Cor. Waller and Por-
tola sts.t bet. Pierce and Stelner.
J2Ko— Large ccr. lot, 37:6x100; Filbert st.; street
accej'ted; no more Ft. exp. 14 McAllister,, r. 16.
BARGAIN— J2ICO: terms; ¦;p«, 8 rooms; lot*
to suit. BHADBCRNE. OS Sacramento St.
HEAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sal*
A* GIFT. o7~next thing to it. of Al 880 acre
etock or general farm in Sonoma County; 25
acres cultivated; 100 ready for the plow; bear-
Ing orchard; unsurpassed for vineyard; com-
plete set buildings; abundance water and
timber; fencing; only $3000; coet $7000. N. D.
KICKELS— THE LAND AGENT— 6 Geary st.
A RARE chance for home-seekers; land for
your labor: nrte fruit, . table and wine crape '
• land; for particulars call on C. QUIGGLE, at
"> it* -.taker & Ray Co.. 723 Market St.. 8
I"' 12 a. m. Address WHITTAKEU St RAT
CO.. Gait. Cal. ¦•¦
FOR cash rent— fruit and grain farm near
bay. Address A. 8.. box 2398, Call office.
f»K>— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres; El
Dorado Co.. near It. R. Box 222. Call office. |
REAL — COUNTRY — Sale
FOR Sale— H2.ooo; well Improved ranch of 200
acres, half farming land; 4000 cords of wood,
oak. pine and redwood; good spring water
piped to house and barn; ten-room house; mile
and a half from nearest railroad depot; sit-
uated In Santa Cruz County; must be seen
to be appreciated. Address E. M., box IS, So-
quel, Santa Cruz County, Cal.
--FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California St.. for pam-
phlets and Information. .
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address In the
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
3-ROOM house and lot; exchange for lodglng-
house. 725 Utah st. r
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; improved ie unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; M cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
nERKELEY REAL, ESTATE.
J37EO— NEW building In the Hillegass tract; a
thoroughly up-to-date house of 7 rooms; large
lot; street work all done; connected with gas I
and electric lights; only 300 feet from Tele-
graph-aye. car line.
JOSEPH J. MASON.
Adjoining P. 0., Berkeley.
$2230— HERE'S a bargain; 2-story house of 6
rooms; large lot; street work all done; only
I block from station; a great bargain.
JOSEPH J. MASON.
Adjoining P. 0., Berkeley.
$1800— NEAR Dwight way station; east of
track; house of 6 rooms; large lot; on the
eunny side of street; a snap.
JOSEPH J. MASON,
Adjoining P. 0., Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A PICK-UP. "" — ~.~^™_~.
SEE IT TO-DAY.
J72so— Sacrifice; near Senator Perkins'; ele-
gant home. 9 rooms; new carpets, cost $800, 4
months used; everything in superb order; big
lot; barn; mortgage $5000; beet immediate offer
secures what has cost $10,000.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
$3500 FOR a 7-room modern home; cement
walks, attractive lawn, etc. ; extra choice lo-
cation, between Telegraph aye. and Grove 6t. ;
only one-halt cash, balance on time; will
lease for 6 months at $30 per month. R. J.
MONTGOMERY, 467 Ninth st, Oakland, or !
I Montgomery St., S. K. .
6. M. DODGE & SON~
160 Broadway, Oakland.
$3250— Something extra nice In the way of
I a modern up-to-date, brand new home In Oak-
I land out toward Berkeley; lot 60x125; 7 rooms
and bath. Call and let us show you this.
HOUSES of every description and price for
t=al.- or rent. Apply to We E. BARNARD,
118 Broadway; telephone Main 10.
! OAKLAND FI'RMTI'RE FOR SALE.
j t .-^^-.^w^^wwv^ _~ - I
AN Introduction to you from H. Rchellhaas, the '
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland. !
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
! EDDY, Nicely furnished front rooms; neat
1 and clean; also housekeeping rooms; complete.
I EIGHTH. Front suite of rooms, with
I grate, for 2 gentlemen or housekeeping If de-
I sired; bath.
1.. . j
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two. $10;
three. $20; three, $14; three, $12; single, $5.
FOLSOM, 830— 2 large furnished rooms for
housekeeping, reasonable; single, $1 per week.
LEAVEXWORTH, 411— Dec. 1. nicely furnished
3-room parlor floor; housekpg.; sunny; others.
MCALLISTER. 53S— Nicely furnished suite;
.•¦ink: gas range; bath; laundry; phone; $14;
no children.
McALLIPTER, 2000, cor. Central aye.— 3 sunny
rooms furnished for housekeeping; $».
I MISSION. 1427B— Housekeeping rooms with
bath; h..t. arvl «44 water.
OAK, — 2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms: adults; only $16-.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofnee, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
EUbscrlptlons has been established at 109t
Valencia St. . •
ROOMS TO LET — Pnm. and I'nfnrn,
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
tunny; grill attached; 75c per day and up-
ward; epeclal rates by week or month; take
McAl'iiEier st cars from ferry to door.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Rooms,
2bc to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
¦ BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CAPP. — Four rooms; no children; rent rea-
sonable.
j CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished .sunny '"rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 321H — Large front room, nicely fur-
nished; suitable 1 or 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
EIGHTEENTH. 3614—2 sunny furnished rooms;'
gas; bath; reasonable.
ELLIS, „ 310— Elegant new furnished sunny
front parlor; rent reasonable..
ELLIS, 639. corner Larkln— Sunny room, fold-
Ing bed ; also bay-window alcove, with mantel.
ELLIS. 771— Double parlors; also single. rooms;
clean and homelike.
ELLIS, Nicely furnished room with private
bath attached.
$1 20 A WEEK — Sunny front furnished room;
| closet: bath; private. 834 Folsom st.
] FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 1017. near Van Ness aye.— A sunny
•furnished- room; suitable for gentleman. -
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
Bt., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
BOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st* cable cars to Turk st.
HOTEL FLORENCE, 102 Ellis St.— Sunny out-
side rooms; single, $2 50; suites, $4 50 per
week; newly renovated; elevator; baths.
HYDE. 810. near — Large sunny suites
and single rooms; central.
HYDE, N.E. cor. Bush— Sunny furnished bay-
window room, dressing rm.; also single room.
JESSIE. 434— Sunny furnished rooms; $5 to $10
per month.
JESSIE, 478, near Sixth— sunny front
room, parlor floor.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
NOE, Furnished room with use of dining-
room, kitchen and bath; $10.. .
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O' FARRELL, 332 — Handsomely furnished sunny
parlor floor; references. x
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— lncandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par- t
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, $2 to
$£; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth et,,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. t
STKINER, 1403. near Ellis— Four newly fur-
nlEhed rms.; single or suite; call from 10 to 1.
BUTTER. 820% (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient.
WEBSTER. 2938, bet. Union and Filbert— Nicely
furnished room; gas and bath; $8 per month.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore et. ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia fit. ' . . .
.i- - - ROOMS AMD ROARD. *
, A SELECT family boarding place, quiet and
j refined; appointments first class; desirable lo-
I cality; north of Market st. Address Resi-
| dence, box 2352, Call office. . ..
! WANTED— Large sunny front room or small
| suite with board for . gentleman and wife;
! must be first class; not to exceed $60. Ad-
i dress box 2392, Call office. ; .
THE CECILERNE. 930 Van Ness aye*.
, THE CECILERNE. 930 Van Ness aye.
I '
THE CORBIN. 836 Sutter— Rooms single and
en suite; private baths; all rooms sunny; ex- i
cellent table.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, FBIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1901.
ROOMS AND BO ARD— Continued.
VAN NESS, 619— Handsome furnished parlors;
all conveniences; other sunny suites; bet>t
table board.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL. Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooma.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Sunny room with board In private
family by young man between Buchanan and
Steiner, Pine and Broadway. Address T. A.,
200 Flllmore St.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RUPTURE cured~at HUNTIER^S~SANiTA-
RIUM, 1206 Market St.; treatment free; only
Invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for H; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 6680.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL klndg bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45, 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 671 J.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINsHiN^TYP^WRTTERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
F.xchango. 636 California; telephone Main 26ti.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
PROPOSALS.
SEALED proposals In duplicate will be re-
ceived at the office of the Lighthouse En-
gineer, San Francisco, Cal.. until 12 o'clock
m., December 20. 1901, and then opened for the
rental of the wharf at Trinidad Head light
station, at Trinidad. Humboldt County, Cali-
fornia, for a period of five years commencing
January 1, 1902. Information and blank forms
of proposals furnished on application to Lieut.
Col. CHAS. E. L. B. DAVIS. CorDs of En-
glneers. U. S. A.. Engineer.
SEALED proposals In duplicate will be r«-
celved at the office of the Lighthouse En-
gineer, San Francisco, Cal.. until 12 o'clock
m., December 13, 1901. and 'then opened for
the rental of Anacapa Island, Ventura
County, Cal. (reserved by Presidential order
as a lighthouse reservation), for a period of
five years. Information and blank forms of
proposals furnished on application to Lieu-
tenant Colonel CHAS. E. L B. DAVIS. Corps
of Engineers. U. S. A.. Lighthouse Engineer.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Paulo Demartinl, 23, Martinez, and Maria
Podes'.o, 20, 2511 Vi Jones street.
Daniel P. Delury. 24. 911 Folsom street, and
Kathryn Nowlan, 20, 3682 Eighteenth street.
Louis Traung Jr., 35, 18 Bond street, and
Ella Flee, 24, 296 Noe street.
Edmond W. Freeman, 33, corner Post and
Leavenworth streets, and Paulina Pashold, 2%,
542 A Natoma street.
Lulgl Delucchl, 28, Colma, and Catterlna
Macchiavello, IS, Colma.
Charles E. Clarke, 45, New Tork City, and
Rhoda G. Bishop, 30, city.
Miles A. Sharkey, 24. 538 Turk street, and
Augusta C. Anderson, 22, 26 Rincon place.
Nicholas J. Franlevich, 25, 2627 Mason street,
and Carmelita Cafferrata. 21, 18 Lafayette
place.
J. Jakob Muesslggang, 43, 610 Jessie street,
and Theresa Hermle, 35, 656 Natoma street.
Charles M. Gilligan, 22, Visitaclon Valley,
and -Lena T. Block, 17, 322 Shotwell street.
James W. Joachim, 29. 669 Ellis street, and
Lola Perkins, 34, 669 Ellis street.
George H. Steward, 21. Oakland, and Bessie
R. Russell, 20. Lakeport.
Antonio Satariano, 25, 17 Varennes place, and
Maria Mannina, 18, 516 Filbert street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlaire and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BOULANGER— In this city, September 18. 1901,
to the wife of Charles O. Boulanger, a son.
KAY — In Sacramento, November 20, IMI, to
the wife of Ed J. Kay, a son.
LAKDO— In this city, November 19, 1901. to
the wife of Henry Lando, a daughter.
OHANLON— In this city. November 8, 1901,
to the wife of Charles P. O'Hanlon, a eon.
SCHMIDT— In this city, November 20, 19C1, to
the wife of M. J. Schmidt, a daughter.
SULLIVAN— In Berkeley, November 20 1901, to
the wife of J. F. Sullivan, a daughter.
SWAN— November 12, 1901. to the wife of T.
W. B. Swan, a daughter.
I '
MARRIED.
CHRISTENSEN— HANSEN— In this city, No-
vember 20, 1901, by the Rev. O. Groenaberg,
James Christensen and Caroline Hansen.
DIED.
Adams. Edith Hitchcock, James
Baechtel, H. L. Leonhardt, August
Callaghan, Sarah A. McCarthy, Patrick
Connelly, Susan Palmer. Victor A.
Cronan, Peter Parkison, Gladys
Deveny, Peter Pierce. George L.
Driscoll, Michael J. Rejan, John
Ewing, James D. Stevens, Hester
Feeney, Mary C. Strause, Herbert
Forge, Clara M. Taylor, Mary E.
Gray, James E. Wahler, Anthony N.
Hacen. Max Whalen. Kate
Hartnett, Henrietta
ADAMS— In Oakland, November 21, 1901, Edith
Frances, daughter of John M. and the late
Eva f». Adaiis, a native of Oakland, Cal.,
agei'i 14 years 9 months and 6 days.
BAECHTEL— In Santa Ana, Cal., November
20, 1901, H. L., beloved son of Mart and Ester
H. Baechtel, and brother of Ethel Baechtel,
a native of California, aged 32 years 3
months and 3 days.
C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of E. M. Root, 903 Steiner street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CALLAGHAN— In this city, November 21, 1903
Sarah A., beloved wife of the late Captain
Charles Callaghan, and sister of Mrs. Emma
J. Brown, a native of Nova Scotia.
CONNELLY— In this city, November 21, 1901,
Su&an, beloved wife of the late Peter Con-
nelly, a native. of Ireland, aged S6 years 10
months ar.«2 26 days.
CTFuneral private to-morrow (Saturday),
at 8 o'clock, from her late residence, 1025
Devlsadero street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:80 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crocs Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
CRONAN— In this city, November 21. 1901,
Peter, beloved husband of Annie Cronan, a
native of County Cavan, Ireland, aaed 64
years 5 months and 20 days. (New Haven,
Conn., raners please copy.)
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
DEVENY— In this city, November 21, 1901,
Peter, beloved husband of Elizabeth F.
Deveny, a native of County Galway, Ire-
land, aged 65 years. .
DRISCOLL— In this city, November 20, 1901,
Michael J. Driscoll, brother of the late John
Driscoll, a native of Tralee, County Kerry,
Ireland, ag*d 32 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday) morning, from the parlors of J.
C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EWING— In this city, November 21, 1901, at th*
residence. 3334 Twenty- fifth street. James
Dewey, beloved son of William H. and Kittle
Ewing, and grandson of Mrs. Catherine
Woods, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
yearn 4 months and 17 days.
FEENEY— In this city, November 21, 1901.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth fit., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
1 -
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ban Mateo County.
OFFICE *»J6 MARKPT STRRET.
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
tl and 29 Fifth Bt. Tel. South 1«7.
FCNEHAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
Finest Equipment, at Moderate Rates.
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 676.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
Mcßrearty. with the same company for 18
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
Mary C, beloved daughter of Patrick and
the late Catherine Feeney, and Bister of Rob-
ert, Joseph, Daniel, Annie and the late Fran-
cis Feeney. a native of California, aged 27
years.
FORGE— In thi« city, November 1», 1901, at her
residence, 178 Thirteenth street, Clara Mabel,
beloved wlfo of Charles Ralph Forge, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 31 years 2 months
and 28 days.
GRAY— In this city, November 20, 1901. James
E. Gray, a native of Virginia, aged 68 years.
HAGEN— In thts city, November 19, 1901, Max
Hagen, a natrve of Thoren, Prussia, aged &4
years.
ETRemalns at Charles J. B. Metzler's un-
dertaking parlors, 636 Washington street.
HARTNETT-In this city, November 20, I9OL
Henrietta Delia Torre Hartnett. (.New York
papers please copy.)
C^The funeral services will be held at her
grave In Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland,
at 12:30 o'clock to-day (Friday).
HITCHCOCK— In this city, November 21, 1901,
James Hitchcock, a native of Pennsylvania,
ased 60 years.
ICT Remains! at the funeral parlors of James
McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy street.
LEONHARDT— November 20, 1901, August F.
Leonhardt, beloved husband of Anne H.
Leonhardt, and facher of Mrs. H. F. Dessau,
Mrs. Isaac Burke and Walter H. Leonhardt,
a native of Germany, aged 67 years and 2
months.
ICT" Funeral to-day (Friday), at 8 o'clock,
from his late residence, 1314 Broderick street.
Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this city, November 2L 1901,
Patrick, beloved son of Daniel and Ellen
McCarthy, and brother of Julia, John. Mary
and Ella McCarthy and Mrs. H. G. Vogel-
sang, a native of Ireland, aged 30 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parentß, 419 Franklin street,
thence to Bt. Mary's Caihedral, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PALMER— In this city, November 21, 1901,
Victor A. Palmer, dearly beloved son of Carl
and Carolina Palmer, and loving brother of
Ester, William and Hazel Palmer, a native
of San Francisco, aged 3 years 1 month and
21 <?.aye.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 138 Francisco street, near Du-
pont. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PARKISON— In this city, November 21, 1901,
of diphtheria, Gladys, beloved daughter of
Horace and Mary Parklson, and sister of
Fred, Robert and Horace Parkison, a native
of Oakland, Cal., aged 12 years 2 months and
27 days.
ICThe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents' resi-
dence, 62 Clara street. Interment private.
PIERCE— In Oakland, at 724 Sycamore street,
November 21, 1901. George L., beloved hus-
band of Catherine Pierce, and father of Mrs.
C. Lesher and Lolita Pierce, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 69 years and 16 days.
REGAN— In this city, November 21, 1901. John,
beloved Infant son of Timothy and Katie
Regan, a native of San Francisco, aged 9
day*.
STEVENS— In this city. November 19, 1901,
Hester Stevens, dearly beloved daughter of
James F. and Lenore Stevens, and sister of
Melville, Alma, Raymond, Clifford and George
Stevens and Mrs. F. J. Ghiselli, a native of
San Francisco, aged 16 years 11 months and
19 days.
&y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 730 Chestnut street, near Montgomery
avenue. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
STRAUSE— In this city, November 21, 1901,
Herbert, beloved son of Solomon and Sadie
Strause, and brother of Mose, Arthur, Bertha
and Frances Strause and the late Josephine
Strause, a native of California, aged 19 years
and 9 months.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townaend
streets.
TAYLOR— In this city. November 20. 1901, Mary
Ellen, beloved wife of James D. Taylor, a
native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the Cathedral
Mission, Second 6treet. near Folsom. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
WAHLER— In this city, November 20, 1901. An-
thony Nlcolaus Wahler, beloved husband of
Catherine Wahler, father of Adelia, Fred,
Caroline, Walter, Beno and Louise Wahler,
and brother of lire. Lena Allemann, a na-
tive of Bayern, Germany, aged 54 years ,H
months and 8 day?. A member of 9ud-
deutscher Verein; Ernst yon Bandel Lodge
No. 3, O. d. H. S., and Verein Elntracht.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 323 Jessie street, between Fourth and
Fifth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WHALEN— In this city. November 20. 1901,
Kate, beloved daughter of the late Thomas
and Annie Whalen, and beloved sister of
Mrs. J. A. Mahoney and the late Mrs. F.
O f Connor, a native of San Francisco.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence -if
her slater. 3738 Twentieth street, between
Guerrero and Dolores, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BREWERS MUST PAY
PENALTIES IN TEXAS
Agreement Made in Cases of Alleged
Violation of Anti-Trust
Law.
AUSTIN, Tex., Nov. 21.— The prosecu
tion of seven Texas brewing companies
and three foreign brewing companies by-
Attorney General Bell for alleged viola
tion of the Texas anti-trust law to-day
resulted in an agreement being reached
whereby the defendant companies agree
to confess judgment in the sum of $97,500
In penalties to the State,
Eacl> of the domestic companies confess
judgment to the amount of $7500 and for
feiture of their respective charters, while
the Anheuser-Busch Brewing Company
and the J. Lemp's Brewing Company of
St. Louis, Mo., and the Pabst Brewing
Company of Milwaukee, Wis., agree to
pay $15,000 each of penalties. Their per
mits to do business in Texas are also for
feited.
POWERS OF THE COMMISSION
BTTLL REMAIN IN DISPUTE
World's Fair Representatives Unable
to Agree on Questions of
Jurisdiction.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. 21.-The Federal
World's Fair Commission, President
Francis of the Louisiana Purchase Expo
sition Company, with Secretary Stevens,
General Counsel Blair and Director of Ex
hibits Skiff met again to-day and resumed
their efforts to reach an agreement re
garding the jurisdiction of the Federal
Commission In cases of dispute between
the local board of directors and foreign
exhibitors. The Federal Commission con
tends that under the act of Congress all
disputes betwen the local company and
foreign exhibitors shall be referred to it
for decision.
President Francis contends that the na
tional commission should not interfere in
disputes with foreign exhibitors.
Heavy Damages Against Saloon Man.
SIOUX FALLS, S. D., Nov. 21.— A Jury
today* awarded Mary Garrigan a verdict
of $1800 damages against Samuel Kenne
dy, a saloon-keeper, for- selling liquor to
her husband. Evidence was introduced to
Bhow that Garrigan became intoxicated
on liquor bought of Kennedy, and that
he later committed suicide. Mrs. Garri
gan has similar suits pending against two
other liquor dealers. This Is the first con
viction under the new license law prohib
iting the sale of liquor to inebriates.
Brings a Bridie to His New Charge
PITTSBURG, Pa., Nov. 21.— Rev. Owen
E. Hotle has been transferred from the
Plttsburg Conference to the Eighth-ave
nue Methodist Episcopal Church, Oak
land, Cal. This unexpected call to his
native State hastened the wedding of the
clergyman and to-day he was married to
Miss Lvdla P. Miller at her home In Ford
City, Pa. The couple will spend a few
days in Washington, D. C, after which
Dr. Hotle will hasten to his new charge.
Recover Body of Mine Victim.
ISHPEMING, Mich., Nov. 21.— The body
of Edlord Robinty, the carpenter, who
went Into the Lake Superior No. 6 mine
with the cave of the ground from the sur
face on August 29, has been recovered,
the Lake Superior Iron Company spent
nearly $5000 In the search for the body. It
was necessary to drift fifty feet and- then
sink a shaft fifty feet through loose
ground to reach the point where the body
rested.
Citizens Battle "With Bank Burglars.
MEMPHIS, Term.. Nov. 21.— The Bank
of Troy, at Troy, Term., was robbed last
nlgrht. The citizens were aroused ai\d at
tacked the burglars, who fled, dropping
several packages of silver containing
about $1200 and other valuables. A posse
with bloodhounds is in pursuit. The
amount of the loss to the bank is not
known, but is thought to be small.
CUMMINS FAVORS
CONSOLIDATION
lowa's Governor - Elect
Sees Benefit in Rail
way Combine.
Minnesota's Executive, How
ever, Intends to Fight
the New Scheme.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— The 'Mall and
Express to-day printed the following in
terview with Governor-elect A. B. Cum
mins of lowa with respect to the possible
results of the Joint control of Western
railways through the Northern Securities
Company. He said: •
I do not believe there will be organized op
position in lowa to the proposed combination
of Western roads. There is a wide difference
in our State as to the result of the consolida
tion. While it is recognized that the movement
places a great power in a few hands. It Is
recognized also that that power may be used
for the people's good as well as to their detri
ment. It is felt that it will eliminate cutting of
rates, rebates to large shippers and give steadi
ness to the transportation charges.
On the other hand the consolidation places In
the hands of those at the head of the move
ment a power that contains the elements of
peril. If it Is used to reduce tne accommoda
tion of the lines consolidated, to raise their
rate's and decrease facilities for shippers and
passengers in order to economize, there Is no
doubt the people will be prompt in taking such
recourse as is in their power. This would prob
ably assume the form of lawsuits and legis
lative action. If, however, the railroads in
the consolidated lines use their large powers
wisely, ,1 see no reason for them to apprehend
any trouble in lowa.
I regard the consolidation of the Northwest
ern railroads as the first step toward uniting
the interests of all the great railway systems
west of New York. When carried through it
will prevent entirely rebates and rate-cutting,
which are great hindrances In many places to
buttress. But if the powers of the nnal con
solidation are used to raise rates and decrease
facilities of shipment and travel, there is no
doubt the general Government would step in
and regulate rates.
Opposing the Consolidation.
S / I \ l .? AUL> Nov - 21 —Letters were sent
out this afternoon from the Governor's
office addressed to the Governors of North
Dakota, Montana, Washington and Ida
ho, asking co-operation in the fight
against merged railroads, and asked the
Mate executives to suggest plans for con
certed action. It is not likely that there
will be a formal meeting or conference,
but by correspondence a plan may be
agreed upon.
The Dispatch to-day says: Judge Jami
son, the Governors private secretary
stated to-day at Redwing that the Gov
ernor and the members of his official fam
ily had carefully looked into the legal
phases of the Great Northern-Northern
Pacific consolidation, and there was no
doubt that the promoters of the North
ern Securities Company were trying to
do by indirection what they could not do
directly. It was time the people were
aroused to the fact that their interests
were being encroached upon. Two com
peting lines in the same hands meant that
they would be used to further the selfish
ends of the owners. He admitted that
certain legal aspects of the Northern Se
curities Company are still in doubt, but
said that in a few days these would be
passed upon by competent legal authori
ties. No date had been fixed by the Gov
ernor for calling the conference with othtr
Governors. He declined to commit him
self with regard to an extra session, but
left the impression that one would be
called.
Does Not Interest Nebraska.
LINCOLN, Neb., Nov. 21.— After con
sultation with Attorney General Prout on
the advisability of taking action to pre
vent the consolidation of railroads in Ne
braska, Governor Savage qualified his
statement made yesterday by saying
there is no evidence of a combination in
Nebraska. The Governor said:
"Roads are fighting each other for busi
ness in this State just as hard as they
ever did. This applies to the Union Pa
cific and the Burlington roads, and all
other lines. What is being done in Min
nesota in the way of combination or op
position to combinations does not interest
us in this State."
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
Granted.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.-Postmasters
commissioned: California — Marcus J.
Isaacs, Etna Mills; Nela Turner, Hooker;
Gordon H. Darby, Usal. Oregon— John W.
Pernoll, Applegate.
Postmasters appointed: California — S.
E. Wright, Altamont, Alameda County,
vice William G. Beck, resigned. Oregon-
Edgar A, Taylor, Airle, Polk County, vice
William J. Turnidge, resigned. Washing
ton—Josephine Depuy, Aquarium, King
County, vice Henry P. Fish, resigned;
Charles R. Pomeroy, Chautauqua, King
County, vice George L. Brown, resigned;
Enoch Brayford, Judson, Franklin
County, vice Mrs. Hattie Dean, resigned.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia — Original — John Custis, Veterans'
Home, Napa, |8. Increase— William H.
Menhennet, Compton, $8; Lucius S. Sher
man, Santa Cruz, $10.
Oregon: Original— Nichols Maher, Jor
dan Valley, 58. Increase — Lawrence
Lamb, Deadwood, $10; George W. Long
Grants Pass, $8.
Washington: Original— Pinkney Blair,
Camas, $6; Samuel Wells, Robe, $8. In
crease—Patrick Woods, Orting, $12.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN THROWS
HIMSELF INTO A FURNACE
Desperate Stranger Seeks a Desperate
Means of Death in a Pittsburg
Mill.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. Nov. 21.— A few mo
ments after midnight an unknown man
threw himself headlong into one of the
furnaces of Schoenberger's mills. Four
teenth and Edna streets. Almost his en
tire body was roasted beyond Identifica
tion.
The man was buried head and shoul
ders In the flames. The lid of the bell
caught his left foot, saving it from being
consumed. He was pulled out by three
men, but nearly every part of his body
resembled a piece of half cooked meat.
The man was about 35 years of age,
medium height, sandy mustache and ap
parently an American. He wore black
laced shoes.
Soldier Murderer Commits Suicide.
JUNCTION CITY, Kans., Nov. 21.— \V.
D. Buchanan of Troop D, Fourteenth
Cavalry, located at Fort Riley, near here
who killed Policeman White and Chief of
Police Cooper on Tuesday night, commit
ted suicide in his cell last night by hang
ing, having made a rope of a towel.
There had been talk of lynching, but this
subsided yesterday and last night Bu
chanan appeared cheerful.
Favor an Anti-Anarchist Conference.
BERLIN, Nov. 21.— The Lokal Anzelger
to-day prints a special dispatch from St.
Petersberg, asserting that Germany and
Russia are together preparing a common
circular note proposing an anti-anarchist
conference.
Builders' Contracts.
Henry Kahn, owner, with Adam Beck, con
tractor, architects Salfleld & Kohlberg, exca
vation, brick work and terra cotta cementing
for a 6-btory and basement brick building on
S line of Eddy street, 137:8 W of Tawlor, W
46 by S 137:6; total, $13,695.
Same owner with Brode & Clarke Iron
Works (a corporation) contractors, architect
same, ' cast and wrough iron work for same on
same; total, J3500.
Same owner with F. W. Kern, contractor,
architect same, carpenter and mill work, hard
ware, tinning for same on same; total, $12,140.
William F. Ambrose, owner, with A. Petry,
contractor, achltect Matthew O'Brien, all
work except painting, mantels, gas fixtures
and shades for a 3-etory frame building on N
line of McAllister street, 150 E of Lyon, N
137:8 by E 25; total. *4956.
John and Isabella Henderson, owners, with
W. W. Rednall, contractor and architect, a!!
work for a 2-story attic and basement frame
building (two flats) on S line of Sutter street,
230 E of Baker, E 23 by 8 137:6, Western Ad
dition block 587; total. MSSO.
ACCUSED WOMAN
FAINTS IN COURT
Pitiful Scene When Mrs.
Elizabeth Dale Is
Arraigned.
Alleged Slayer of Five-Year-
Old Daughte* Charged
With Murder.
NEW TORK, Nov. 21.— Mrs. Elizabeth
Dale of Chicago, who was arrested last
night In Hoboken, accused of the murder
of her five-year-old daughter Emeline, who
arraigned to-day In Hoboken before Re
corder Stanton. Police Captain Hayes,
who presented the charge against her,
asked that the examination be adjourned
pending the result of an autopsy.
The adjournment was granted, and on
recommendation ot her physician tho
prisoner was sent to St. Mary's Hospital,
where she will be guarded until she is
again called into court.
Albert Waller, Mrs. Dale's companion
when she arrived in Hoboken recently,
and who was arrested yesterday on the
charge of illicitly living with her, was
committed to prison in default of $HWu
bail.
Mrs. Dale, pale and haggard, was led
by two officers into court. She was vis
ibly nervous, her mouth twitched and she
clutched the arm of her chair with a
viselike gTip.
She is of the blonde typa, rather good
looking, but appears a few years older
than Z4, the age she gave. She wore a
tailor-made sun. She is slight of stature
and her small figure tremoled violently
as the clerk read the grave charge
against her. When she heard the word
murder her head fell back and she
clutched the arm of her lawyer, who oc
cupied a seat next to her.
She called out faintly that she was 111.
She asued that a physician b« sent for
and then fainted. She was revived after
a minute or two and was able then to
answer the few formal questions regard-
Ing her nativity and name.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
T Walsh. Oregon , M Perry, San Jose
J Hopkins, Astoria |J C Crane, Washington
A A Gibson, SulphrCk:E G McPike, Westley
A J Brunan, Cambrae G W Bellinger, Sn Jse
L T Flint. London |J E Caseyft, Sacramto
A Flint. London jW Walter, San Ramon
A Jonnson. Denver !H T Plant&w, Saratga
L D Anderson, Parker :L J Hall & dau Cal
S E Fisher, Hay wards H J McFarland, Cal
J Hampson, Palo Alto ! H C Howe, Butte Co
W E Almstead, Oakld H W Vaur, Mariposa
J H Kckles, RandsbrgiMay S Roberts Boston
J Steiff, Bakersfleld C Ellinger, S Barbara
J Kete. Tehachapl jj Townsend&w, Los A
J Galligher. Oakland > C Richardson, Colusa
W G Doane & w, Reno C A Wright, Seattle
M Maison, Portland i T J Donahue, Seattle
E Fillmore & w, Cal ;J C Hohns, Shasta
J McCormack. Eureka S V Rehart. Lakewood
E C Soules, Los Ang NT Golden, Tehama
T Price, Le Gran.l J X Chrlsti, San Jose
J Bowman, Los Ang J L Hardin, Nlcolaus
J W Atherton&w, Cal J B Tallman, Oakland
Mrs M Arnold, Los A T Ingram, Nome
H L Blake, Nome W H Baker, Ohio
GRAND HOTEL.
C Maynard, St Louis jH R Robbins. Montery
H H Kanlett, Sacto R F Johnson, Monterey I
G A Meyersbere, St L Mrs C H Spe'nce. LosA ;
Mrs Meyersberg. St LW F Price. Sta Rosa
B H .Demlnsf, Auburn W Sehaw, Sacto
W H Ocelester, Dedwd Mrs Schaw Sacto
Mrs Ocelester. Deadwd G C McMullen. Sacto I
H E Grimmenstein.Cal W M Darling. F Vale I
Mrs C Ashbourne, Sact D A Bryant, San Jose .
W E Dargie Jr. Oakld H E Adams. Stockton i
J R Aiken. Decoto Mrs Adams. Stockton
J W Kearth. Coluaa \L A Suitrer. San Jose
F Parker. Sacto |H H Sawyer. Nasa
A R Mitchell, Mich Miss H S Sawyer. Nap
Mrs Mitchell, Mich F X Devlin Vallejo
W Mcßroom. Minn C C Webb. ' Montague
Mrs Mcßroom. Minn E H Throckmorton-
E J Emmins, Bakersfld Nome
J W P Laird. Bakrsfld W S West C C, Alask
A E Hill. Chicago ;c A Brandes. Nome
Mrs Hill, Chicago 8 Cailey Nome
Mrs B T Hudelson, El C E Hoxsie. Nome
Paso IJ W Harper. Suisun
H J Gosse. Reno J T Casale. Red Bluff
Miss M F Durphy.PtldlT McCusker Portland
H P Bender. Bakerafld Mrs C Pellerano, S Jos
Mrs Bender. Bakersfld Mary Peilerano, S Jose
V B Chappel, NT F P Primm, Redding
B F Durphy, Eureka E J Isham Sacto
J W Wiley. Bakersneld Miss Prather. Vallejo
C F Hunter. Los Ang W B Harrison. Stocktn
J A Mason. Lo& Ang D Eisner Sulsun
H Wittenberg, Portlnd J S Taylor. Napa
D D OHphant, Portlad A S Hall. Salt Lak»
F A White. Everett Mrs Hall. Salt Lake
Mrs White. Everett iR L Lyons. Boston
F W Elliott, Seattle W Smith Chicago
L P Tanner. Tudor Mrs Smith Chicago
F E Perry. N X A V Parker Fresno
J H Pattee, I'aloma | A Greeninger. S Josa
W H Dean, Chico |h W Otter. San Jose
W Wells, Eureka 'C Stocks, Grass Valley
Mrs Stephens, Woodld L A Dawson, lowa
J5 L WVbber. Napa. -Mrs Dawson. lowa
J F Zollner, Napa S F Licktenwalter. la
O H Blair. St Helena Mrs Licktenwalter, la
Mrs C Dartson. Napa >C B Scott. Montana
Miss Dartson, Nara E E Place. Los Gatos
C Wade. 8t Helena M Leonard, Sta Cruz
F Harkneas, Los Ang C A Palm. s. Sacto
A Phillips, Arroyo Grd F Hewlett. Napa
J S Gage, San Jose Mrs E A Seelve. Mass
A Anderson, Suisun Miss Seelye, Mass
E A Forbes. MarysvlU H A Fllcklnger, S Jose
H Rogers. Sacto !R B Burns Loa Ang
M R Beard, Sacto |H E Barber. Seattle
H Lowden, Sacto (Mrs J Sullivan. Butts
H T Har»er, Sacto !g E Tuman. Corning
PALACE HOTEL.
G Lufkin, St Louis iR D Stephens, Sacto
W B Buchanan. Paris T R Kiley, N V
W C Powell & w, Mo I Mrs J Gavin, Denver
A Mueller. N V W H Hodge, N V
W L Hagans, Chicago Joe Smith, N V
Miss Hagans, Chicago J F Rubens, N V
Mrs J X Farrell &d, J F Reppy, lowa
San Rafael J G Ellis & w, Ind
Mrs J S Hoyt, S Rafael C J Long. Pa
R H Lacy, Los Ang COG Miller & w.
C R Stewart. S Diego Oakland
Dr V P Orella. S Dleg J C Schulte, N V
Mrs V P Orella, S Dleg Mrs J L Gould, Ala
H R Roberts, Keswick Mrs B F Adkins, Or
W Gardiner. N V Mrs C Huber. Mill Val
W F Montgomery, L A Mrs S Gro^a. Chicago
H C Davidson. NY C C Todd. U S N
R J Adcock. Los Ang S J Rosenzwlg, N V
M J Newmark, Los A .Dr E N Leavy, ft V
R N Bulla, Los Ar.g !j Pronick. N V
T Hughes, Los Angeles: H Van Edelson, N V
J F Davis & w. Cal A E Pomeroy. Los A
T A ODonnell, L<Ang|L A McConnell, LAnj
C W Tyrer & w, Yreka J O'Brien, Streator
J P Wyerhaense & w, P P Hastings & w,
St Paul Jerome City
L Schoenfeld, Seattle F E Johnston, Napa
Mrs L Schoenfeld, Seatl ; L Kahn, Oakdale
Miss Schoenfeld, Seatlß C Glllis, Sta Anna
F W Buck & w, Vacav L A Phillips, Los Ang
Mrs G Gould, AlameduiA J Wallace, Los Ang
J M Keith & w, Mont'G I Cechran, Los Ang
Miss Beckwith. Mont |Mrs J C Herndon. Aris
Mrs G W Fenwlck. Cal Mrs F L Wright. Airz
JV G Gosslin. Portland ' J C Kempvanee. Cal
Mrs S B McLenegan, R E Cranston, Sailors
Oakland Bar
E S Babcock. Coronado *
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A Easle, Victoria R Hamilton & w. Oak
J W Follett. Toronto J Hedge, Portland
S J Kenycn, Chicago J Ramage, Portland
H Jones. Martlnei A Blackwell & w.Seatl
J Partland. Denver J W Epperson & w.
L G Waters, Sacto Kansas
H L Roe & w, Colo F Juhlln, Portland
H N Roe. Colo J Lane. Galeto
Miss X Roe. Colo J Novarro, Chicago
P Cattey, Rio Vista A C Ryan. New York
No mar% is truly great who is unable to
realize how insignificant he really is.
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
HQRTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SausaJlt* F*rry.
Commencing isepifctauer ±j, 1901. "
FROM SAN FUAI* CISCO TO MILL VAT.r.irv
• ¦ AJSI> SAN RAFAEL -:
WEEK DAYS— «:SS, 8:30. •»:*>, 11:00 a. m
•1:45 3.15, 4:15. &:15, *«:15, 6:45 p. m. •
EXTRA TKIPS— For Mill Valley and > Baa
Rafael on Mondays, ¦ Wednesdays and ¦ Satur-
days at »* and 11:10 p. to. : ..-- . ..
SUNDAYS— •10:00, »ll:30 a. m.. «1;13
1:15, • m i:V&. 30, » : *> P. m. - *
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN UAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-"5:23. 6:27, 7:45. 8:35. 10 ii
a m. '11:25. 2:15, »3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p. m. -
EXTRA ' TRIPS on . Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at fi:4s and 8:55 p. m. . '
SUNDAYS— 6:IS, • •1:00, ¦/. •»:<». »11:45 a, m "
•1:40 *3:15. 4:45, *6:30 p. m. ™"
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, «:45, 7:55, 8:53. 10:30 a? m."
13:35, 2:45. 2:50. '6:10 p. m. - > ""•
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, .Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. - . - .
SUNDAYS— B:OS. . 10:05 a. in.. 12:05. . 2:li s »
6:60. iAZ P. m. ¦ : .-*-_ ¦*"•
. THROUGH TRAINS. -
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. , - •.. •*'?;•..'.• »-</
- 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Mills and way
station*. ." ¦ ' ¦ ?,;•-.
• 8:00 a. m. - Sunday*— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ; , ¦
Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. ... . . .. - .. ..... .
¦ ;¦-••.-,¦ ¦_...'- -;..- - ¦ ¦ ¦
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
- Trains lei%»t» nnd nr« «•¦• to nrrlv* at
"MAN rKtmriM*.
(Main Ling. Foot of Market Street.)
ISATE — From Notuibb.ii 4, 1301. — A»am
?>OOa Benlcia, Suisuu, Xlmiia and 5acra-
meut0. ............................ '. 6:3.1
TiOOa YactTille, Winters, Rumsoj ~:33r
7i3t»A Martinez, 3auUarucu,V»llejo. Nap*. • ...
CaUstKf* a»U Santa- Kirn •:%**
8:0»A Davis, Woodland, Knignts Landing,
Marjarille. orofille. . 7:S-%r
g:«4»A A tlautto press— Ok Jen and KaM Bita*
»:«><» a Nlles, Lathrop, Stockton 7 :3.1»
MittOA Nlles, Mendota, Hanford, -Visaliis
Portarvilla 4:33»
•iSOa Shuta Express— Daria, Willimms (foi
BartUU Sprina}. Willows, Bed
Bluff. Portland 7:M»
SiSOa Ban Jim. LiTermor*. Stockton.
¦ lone. Aaeramauto. Plaeetrilla.
M«ryi»ille. Cbico. IU.I 111u1T...... 4:*.1»
»i*O a Oak.laU. Chinese, Sonora. Carton ... 4:»3»
•iOOa Hay ward, MIrSSDd Wai dUkioos.. I li»3a
•:OOa Vallejo la B a3-»
•:O«a Los Annies Erprets — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop. Bttwktou, Merer J
."'- ." Kronno anil Los Angeles ?ISAy
•tSOA V«ll-)n. Marlines ami Way Station* 7:.V»»
I • » A Th« O»erUi:.l MiuiUd— Ogden. Dm-
Tar. Omaha. Chicago »iS3»
tl:O«r Basrammitn Hirer Si.ttxmars f 11 I ***
St3»r llstward. Nil-* anil Way Station*.. 7:331
4><rttr MetiieU,. Winters. Haorai>i«uko,
Woodland, Knights Lauding.
M«i7*Tlllr, OroTlllo > •:•••
4i**r Martina*. Han lUnton. Tail«Jo,
Sunn, < '>H*ti»K». Kmit» Item* »<»34
4t**r Nile*. LtTermore. Stockton. L 0.11... 1».»3?
4 i:i«»r Haywaxd. Nile*, "an .!«¦•«. Ll»trmor» t»=-"»»A
4tS«p Port Co* a. Tracy. Ljithrop, Stockton I»:*3*
S:««r Die Owl Limited— ifrr»»«). Tular»,
I)ak*raa«)i<, Sang us for Santa liar-
bara, Los Angelas 8:33*
SiOOr Martina, Antioeh, Stockton. Mer-
y oed, Frßirao «»:*•»>
¦>3«p New Orleans Erpre**— Moudota,
¦.- "- - Fresno, Bakenneld. Los Augelea,
Dctnlng, £1 I'aso, Hew Orleans
• and E»«t 7»SSa
«>w«p Raj ward. Nile, and San Jos* 73*4
t«:w*r Valloj.. „ 1 1:23%
•¦••r Oriental Mafl-Ogden. Cheyenn«.
' Omaha, Chicago B>23a
• OrierUl .Mail-Ogdan, Denrer.
' - • ' * 81 Louis. Chicago *-M»
7iO«r ()rric»ii ami California Kii>r««.Ma«-
- ' rmiimitu. Murjmllle, Kriltlinir,
I'lirtUiKl. Ingot rtoii-.d ami Kask Bt33A
¦i«3r San Pablo, Port Coata. Martioas
and Way stations ~ I 1:23 a
' t»tQ»rVaHf»» ' s**?
COAST LINE (Harrow <'•»>•).
•"¦'. .-•¦-¦. (foot at Mi«rkft, Street.)
¦>l3ANfwark.C<nit»r«lUi>,SanJo»«.iri>ltoi>.
*^ , ltonliler Creek, San ami Way
Buttons *•*•»
; tai l Br Newark. C*nUr»il!«, San .loie. New
Alinoten. Fulton. Ilonldtar (.'reek,
Mania Cniz and I'iincipal War ¦ • ¦ .
:¦ Station* •*..•»•*
4tl»p Newark, Hau Jose. I.on G»to« t8:»O«
¦^ s*.3ur Hunters' Train— Jose and Wsy
j Btation« :¦• t7-»—
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
¦mi Sil FRaSCIiCO— PooI of lUrktt Street (Slip ft—
M:IS »:00 11.00 a.m. 1:03 3:30 B:18r«.
fri«OUUM— F»»I «f BrM«»«T.— 1»:00 +9:00 t3:0»
1000>.ii. 1290 1.30 t.Mr.M.
COAST LINE (U road Ua«*«).
(Third Hhd Tow ngemlSU) :
' AslttA San Jose and Way 5tati0n5.......... •«»*»
7:*>e>A Han Jose ami W»yHUti»iis ....» !»»••
/7:««A New Almatl-n / *xl«»
»i»«A Han Jo«». Tres linos. H»i*U Crn»,
raeilto «lr«««. falinas. San Lois
¦ Obi»po. Bauta Barbara ami Prin- ¦•
cipal iiiterraedUte stations 7:43»
I«i:s»a. San and Way Station*. 4il«r
I It&VA H«u .loan ami Way HUtlona S.Uof
t»: l»r San Mateo, Ueilwowl, Manlo Park,
• .. • Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Joe*.
Trei Pinos. Santa tJrus. S»Hnas.
Monterey mid l"»oillc ar0r0...... tt»'f-"»»
S«3Or Han Jose ami Way Station*. C:3Wa
f4:II»r San Jo<oan.l Principal Way Station* »;«A
?S:OSr San .los<\ Los Gates and Principal
: War Stations *•:••»
StS»r San .Jo*« ami Prlneipal Way .HtaM«»* >:3«>4
•••p Redwood. Han Jo»«. Girrey. Salinas,
- • - Santa Barbara. LtM Angelee I*):«VS*
«j»e)p San Joueaud Way .Station. t *:•>«*
«llt4»p San Jom. and War Stations •:»•>
A for Morning 1* for A f tsnioon.
t Hun. lay exceptcd. X Sunday only. _^
« Saturday only. / Tuesdays and Fridays^
CALIFORNIA NORTQWESpXI K. OH
T '" tjL -* y-y -* j "P t
SAB FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Parry. ("as* af eta*** gfc
San Francisco to ami :taiu::.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 1:0 V. 11:00 a. m.; 12:16.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. in. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11: p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at IM
and 11:30 D. m. . . . . ¦
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:». J.W.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
.- • 4>an Rafael to Sim Francisco. •'••=¦¦-'- •¦•.
WEEK JDAYS— «a». 7:50. 9:20, 11.10 a. m.; 12:15.
3 4u. 5:15 d. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at I:s*
and 6:35 p. m. ¦ - ¦ -r ¦ .
SUNDAYS— t:«. UUI A. m.; !;«. !:«.
8:66. t:25 p. m. ¦ ¦ . .
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrive
San Francisco. [April 28. 1901. [ San Francisco.
Week i Sun- I 1 Sun- I Week '
Days. I days. [ Destination. I days. [ Days.
. 7:10 am 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:« am
1:30 pm >:30am[ Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
»:10 pra| 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm «-.a> pm
Fulton.
7:30 am . Windsor, 10 23 ana
* 8:00 pm Healdsburs. 10:40 am
. . . ' ; Lytton.
Geyservllle. '
1:10 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland. 10:40 am 10:25 am
1:30 pm 8:00 am and Uklah. 7:35 pm C:2O pi
7:30 am| F~ 110:40 am 10:23 am
I 8:00 am! Ouernevllle. 7:35 pm
- 1:30 pml 5:00 pml 8:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma, I 1:13 am 8:40 am
| I and I
8:10 pml 5:00 pm. Glen Ellen. I <:05 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami ; 110:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: a:
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carl*-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Barttett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wlttsr
Springs. Upper Lake. Feme, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's. Bucknell'*.
Sanhedrin .Heights, Hull villa. Orrs Hot.
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal. Willlts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. ,
Saturday to»Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . . . ¦ . - -..
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. . -
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building,. ....
H. C. WHITTNO. B. X. RTAN. -i ?
Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass Act.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leare Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local I Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
I Dally I Daily Daily i Dally
— i f 1
Lv. San Fran! 7:20 a ) »:00 a 8: 00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 1 10: IS a U.iia 11:10 p 7:IS p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a »:U D
" Fresno.... 2:C5 p 2:3 a p 3:15 a 10: SO p
" Hanford.. 1:12 p 3:27 p 5.05 a
" Visalia.... 1:39 p 5:00 a
" Bakersfld. (:15 p 1:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan City i:4O a 7:30 a
" Chicago.. 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
lecal first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrive* at 7:05 a. m.
dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Tiwui
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. 1* the Overland Express, wtth
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Can to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at t:0O p. m.
dally.
7:10 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Co*-
responding train arrives at 3:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and tn Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, OaX-
land.
JIOUNT TAMALPAIS WAV
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry ] Arrive ¦
. San Fran. Foot of Market St. | San Fran.
S5. fe ™* -ir-*z *™ SS
¦ atfkt al th» •nxjrm of TuiT 1 i—
¦ tiop.,u:.»A. w. kii_-i.k ii_-i. A.jo r.tmtt
l.l:l*rlr*- •¦•••"* l (5^5 r.\
, Tmn. S.a rnmtl** to Snmll and Itmn. II 90. '
TkkatOS«M. <£1 JL——KT STSXR tmd SACSAUIO FBUY. '
/^^k, Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
m «,<r»«^ 629 KEAESY st. Established
WFlw^K^' 1 ' "34 for the treatment of I'rlvHt*
,' \^jmm . . .St.*. I.nxt MaiiniMMi. Debility or
CfiTA%^»*i% it i >rus' • wearing on body anil minri ami
BflgßSSgldkln Disensca. Hie Doctor cores when
¦others fall. Try him. t'banp*" low.
Nj^ tlirfi I iii *'"**' gsaraiilrrd. Cnllcrwrita
Mr. J. *. UIBIMH. aw Francisco. Cat •
WhUj CaU $1.00 NrTiv
¦
1314
SENATOR BARD'S
COUNTER MOVE
Mint Sup«rintendency Is
Involved in the
Patronage.
Perkins, to Save Leach, Must
Express His Feelings
Toward Lynch.
Our senior United States Senator,
George C. Perkins, is very anxious to re
tain in office his friend Frank Leach, su
perintendent of the Mint. Before the re
cent discrepancy In Mint acounts was
brought to light It was the Senator's
daily habit to point to Mr. Leach as an
exemplary officer, whose administration
of Mint affairs was so highly creditable
that there should be no question about
his retention in office. It happens that
Mr. Leach hails from Alameda County,
where Senator Perkins dwells and where
nearly all of the Federal office-holders re
side.
When the storm broke over the Mint
and centered about Dimmick the senior
Senator became uneasy and sought ad
vice from his colleague, Senator Bard.
The latter was asked to join in a request
that Mr. Leach should not be disturbed
It was known that high officers in the
Treasury Department regarded the Mint
scandal as good cause for a change in the
superintendeney, hence Senator Perkins
began to fear that more influence than
he possessed himself would be needed lo
protect his protege.
It appears from all accounts that Sen
ator Bard had made on his own motion a
pretty accurate estimate of the situation
and met the suggestion for joint action
to help Leach with a counter-proposition
to first consider the recommendation that
Stephen Kelly of San Bernardino be
named to supplant John C. Lynch as Col
lector of Internal Revenue. In the con
tention the junior Senator is said to have
displa>ed a firmness that astonished Per
kins. The affair is still unsettled. Bard
will not take up the Mint question until
Senator Perkins comes squarely to time
on the Revenue Collectorship." Bard is
firmly sustained by leading anti-boss Re
publicans in Southern California and by
quite a number of the influential Repub
lican newspapers of the State. The
manipulators of the Gage machine are
bending their energies to the task of sav
ing Lynch and seeking the help of the
Democratic yellow press. The story goes
i hat Lynch is to be appointed a" State
Harbor Commissioner for San Francisco
in the event of his removal from Federal
office. Stephen Kelly ot San Bernardino,
who is making a vigorous fi^ht for the
folleotorship. has the support of a host
of Southern Californians.
Senators Perkins and Bard will leave
California on the 26th inst., or a day or
two later perhaps, for tne National Capi
tal. At Washington a discussion of the
points involved with be renewed. There
are no signs or hints that Bard will re
cede from his position demanding a se.
tlement of the Revenue Collectorship be
fore the Mint Superintendence' is con
sidered. Perkins is pretty clever in play
ing tricks on his associates and in foolinsr
the people of California, but the mem
bers of the Congressional delegation are
r'osely watching the tinuosities of the
senior Senator.
Representative Needham is In Washing
ton, and Julius Kahn is on his way there.
Frank L. CoomLs will leave this city for
the national capital early next week.
STEAL SACK OF COIN
FROM A FRUIT STORE
While Beneditti Talks to One Thief
at Door Another Robs Money
Drawer.
Raphael Beneditti, who conducts a fruit
store on Valencia street, was robbed of a
sack containing $39 by two young men
yesterday afternoon. Beneditti was stand
ing in his store when a well-dressed young
man entered and asked him to direct him
to Hayes street. The unsuspecting: fruit
Oeaier stepped outside and showed the
cer how to reach the street he asked
Before leaving the young man apolo
gized to Beneditti for having caused him
so much trouble and after warmly shak
ing his hand promised to return ari<l leave
ier for some fruit. Beneditti then re
. to his store and. upon going be
hind the counter, was dumfounded to find
the money drawer open. Hastily peering
into it he discovered that a canvas
into which he had placed the receipts of
several dari was gone.
Suspecting that a confederate of the
affable stranger had stolr-n the coin. Bene
ditti ran outside and lusttiy shouted for
help. Police Officer Farley responded, but
1c time the brace of crooks had made
their escape.
A citizen, who was passing the store
while Beneditti was directing the well
dress^d stranger how to reach Haye«
street, saw a short, thick-.-et fellow
into the store anu purloin the sack of
Bc-neditti a short time afterward
ivent to police headquarters, where he
old the story of the daring theft to Cap-
Seymour. From Bmeditti's descrip
ion of the thieves the head of the de
¦• department Is satisfied that they
the same men who a few days ago
«er in a similar manner.
Passes Worthless Check.
Charles Patton. a cook, *as arrested
last night for having passed a bogus
check for $125 on H. F. Sahlander, a
grocer at 287 Natoma street. Patton will
be charged with obtaining money by false
nrptfnsps tr.-rlav
Theßegina
Music Box
A home appreciating music need
not be deprived of it merely be-
cause some member of the fam-
i y plays no instrument. The Re-
g-ma Music Box affords this happy '
.orm of entertainment to every"-
body. In the home it is a source
of pleasure to the whole family.
It is th<=- sweetopt-toned and most
simple of a!! musio boxes; it plays
tunes by the thousands, using in-
terchangeable steel sheets; has a
noiseless winding arrangement-
runs thirty minutes with one
winding; is made of solid ele-
gantly finished wood, and with
ordinary care will last a lifetime.
Tne price* range from $10 to $400.
You are cordially invited to visit
our Regina room and listen to
your heart's desire to all the lat-
est, music as well as the old fa-
vorites. If you cannot call, write
for catalogue B— our latest pub-
lication, which tells all about the
Regina.
Sheiman, Clay & Co.
Steinway Piano Dealers,
Cor. Kearny and Butter Sts., S. F.
Cor. 13th and Broadway, Oakland.
711 Second Aye., Seattle.
LYNCH RECEIVES
OFFICIAL REBUKE
Failure to Investigate
a Scandal the
Cause.
Internal Revenue Collector
Gets Warning From
Washington.
The news comes from Washington that
a caustic letter has been sent from the
Treasury Department to John C. Lynch,
Collector of Internal Revenue, that is
causing that Federal official to doubt the
wisdom of wading so deep into local poli
tics. The Collector is given a pointed
"hunch" to investigate the conduct of
some of his subordinates and in sarcasm
that withered much of the self-compla
cency of Mr. Lynch, the* Commissioner of
Internal Revenue intimated that the in
vestigation might profitably extend to
himself and his administration of the of
fice.
Lynch has been promising the Commis
sioner an investigation of numerous
causes of complaint and adverse reports,
but has continued to neglect to make full
and satisfactory reports to his superior
until the Commissioner, apparently, has
become convinced of Lynch's unwilling
ness to remedy the abuses in his office.
In consequence come the peremptory in
structions from Washington and rumors
of a shake-up in the Federal building.
And Lynch's troubles are not coming
singly, for he is now in Southern Cali
fornia trying to cover up the wrongdoings
of a deputy collector in that part of the
State.
The immediate cause of the solar plexus
punch that has landed on Lynch was not,
it is said, among the more flagrant abuseb
that exist in the internal revenue ser
vice, but it happened to be an example of
the Collector's usual effort to stand be
tween his subordinates, however ineffi
cient some of them may be, and the
Treasury Department for the sake of lo
cal politics. Lynch always has an eye to
State and railroad politics, and with such
a policy any dismissal from the service
that might jeopardize his power is an im
possibility. The services may suffer, but
his fences, never.
Revelry in Bonded Warehouses.
Bert M. Thomas, Special Treasury
Agent, some time since had his atten
tion called to roystering in the bonded
warehouses. Rumors came to his ears of
gay parties with gaugers as hosts, of
maudlin toasts drunk in liquor under
bond, of bacchanalian revelries in the
warehouses at hours when Government
regulations require them to be under lock
and key, and of the silvery laughter of
women and coarse jests of men floating
out into the darkness from inside walls
that gave no other hint of the revelry
within. Thomas began looking for evi
dence, as is his duty, and in broad day
light some of the offenders put evidence
so strong into the hands of the special
agent that he based upon it an immedi
ate report to the Commissioner at Wash
ington.
Thomas, in company with Frank H.
Driscoll, special gauger, had started the
rounds of the warehouses by day. At the
brandy warehouse on Bluxome street they
came upon a giddy trio of women escort
ed by a gauger making a friendly call
upon a storekeeper gauger assigned to
that warehouse. The regulations strictly
forbid the presence at the warehouses of
persons who are not there on business,
and the offense of the gaugers in receiv
ing calls from women at such a place was
of the sort that merits dismissal.
Thomas' report was sent to Washing
ton at once, and post haste Lynch re
ceived an order from Washington to in
vestigate and dismiss the offending gaug
ers if he found the facts to be as stated
in the report of the special agent. Fol
lowing his usual policy. Lynch made a
partial report and promised full investi
gation later. The gaugers have so far
escaped the penalty of their conduct and
the Treasury Department has received no
satisfactory explanation from Collector
Lynch.
Commissioner Loses Patience.
The Commissioner, it is reported from
Washington, decided to bring affairs to
a climax. Lynch has repeatedly followed
just such a course when reports were
sent by Special Agent Thomas or some
of his subordinates of inefficiency or ques
tionable methods on the part of any of
Lynch's subordinates. Report after re
port calling attention to the failure to
correct abuses and order after order from
Washington have failed to secure the re
moval of incompetent and dishonest clerks
and gaugers. Lynch has simply squirmed
from one difficulty into another, promis
ing investigations which he never made
and reports which were never forthcom
ing. It was this long continued offend
ing on Lvnch's part that led the Com
missioner "to take up the recent scandal of
the gaugers' drinking parties as the peg
on which to hang the severest sort of a
roast for the Collector.
Lynch's period of procrastination by
way of protecting men for the sake of
politics has apparently come to an in
glorious end. The Washington authori
ties are evidently determined that an ac
counting shall be rendered, and from the
tone of tht Commissioner's letter as out
lined from Washington Lynch now has
the choice of putting his office on a busi
ness basis and giving heed to the de
mands by the Treasury Department for
efficient service, or. on the other hand,
facing the very imminent danger of los
ing his official head.
It \b said that the offending gaugers
formerly held forth in revelry with whis
ky drinking females at the "'grain ware
house" at Third and Townsend streets.
Most of the rumors of warenouse carous
als connect them with that building. It
is needless to say that gaugers are not
for the present shining as hosts at the
expense of the Government or of the dis
tillers. Their social stunts are temporar
ily suspended, and unless the Commis
sioner of Internal Revenue has a change
of heart Collector Lynch is likely to lose
some of his subordinates and be com
pelled to straighten out a lot of tangles
that he has long sought to conceal and
| ignore.
WOMAN DYING FHOM
EFFECTS OF BEATING
Felice Unable to Discover Where She
Lived or Who Caused Her
Wounds.
Mrs. Tibbets, a woman about whom lit
tle is known, is lying in a very precari
ous condition at the City and County
Hospital. She is unconscious and is evi
dently suffering from a severe beating.
The doctors in charge of her case do not
expect that she will survive. A deep mys
tery entirely surrounds the woman and
her case. The police have been unable
to ascertain where her home is and are
at a loss to discover where and how she
received the wounds that have caused her
present state of unconsciousness.
Mrs. Tibbets was brought to the Emer
gency Hospital at 9 o'clock yesterday
morning from 813 Mission street. Mrs.
Morgan, who resides at that number, says
that Mrs. Tibbets came to her house last
Tuesday night and rented a room. At 11
o'clock that night, she claims, the un
known woman became unconscious, and
according to Mrs. Morgan has been in
that condition ever since. Mrs. Morgan
claims that on the same Tuesday even
ing an unknown man who rented a room
at her house stated that Mrs. Tibbets had
recently been discharged from a hospital.
Army Officers Receive Orders.
Lieutenant L. \V. Caffey, Twenty-sixth
Infantry, has been ordered from the Pre
sidio to Angel Island for duty in the dis
charge and detention camps at that sta
tion. Lieutenant E. Van N. Bissell, First
Cavalry, has been detailed to the Pre
sidio casual camp. Captain Nathan P.
Batchelder, in addition to his duty as
quartermaster and commissary of the
transport Sherman, is assigned as assist
ant to the general superintendent of the
army transport service. Lieutenant W.
C. LeCompte of the medical department
has been relieved from duty at Fort iCi
agara. N. V., and will be stationed at the
Presidio.
¦ m ¦
PETITION IN INSOLVENCY— James O.
Rue. bookkeeper. San Francisco, filed a peti
tion In insolvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. His liabilities are J764 ii>
and be has no assets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22. 1901.
N^^ Union 4&| ti at^ c Av^«
¦; ' ---'-'•¦. f ¦ ¦
CONTEMPT CASES
ARE CONCLUDED
Amicus Curiae Pillsbury
Makes Closing
Argument.
The Nome contempt cases have come
to . a conclusion. Yesterday mornins
Amicus Curiae Pillsbury closed with his
final argument and now all that is neces
sary to seal the end Is the judgment of
the Circuit Court of Appeals. Five weeks
have been consumed in the taking of tes
timony and the arguments.
Pillsbury's closing argument was a
summary of the evidence, the attorney
pointing out all facts bearing upon the
contempt in any way. He did not mince
matters, and when he came to Judge
Noyes and his confederates the arraign
ment was severe and caustic.
Concluding, the amicus curiae said:
A great deal has been said about the dignity
of the courts and the presumption which at
taches to the Judge In all his actions. I con
cede there Is a presumption which attaches to
the judicial robe which almost reaches the dec
gree of sanctity. Those robes should command
the respect of attorneys and of every one but
unless a Judge shall so conduct himself as to
deserve that respect It would be much better
that all courts were abolished and that the
friday{S&tur(foy Speci&ls^
g We are, offering values this week which it will be .'. /g
| extremely, difficult to equal. The specials selected are - | ¦
B all adapted for \ the present '. unsettled ;t; t and inclement • ; '; ; rB
¦ weather, and money can be saved , on every one .'. of R
l them. If you are interested, see the window display B
l and remember the reductions are for Friday and Sat- t ¦'¦ "8
;H LADIES' '' STORM I RUBBERS — 1 MEN'S ENAMEL LACE SHOES— «!'
ra- Round toes, to fit over any style .Double, soles, 1 broad extensions, ¦ '
Eg ' shoe, regular stock and regular Enamel, Is waterproof H
WS 50c value -..•..'.............;..... .30c leather ...:...;........: 82.85
m LADIES' BLACK JERSEY LEG- men's vici kid lace shoes— m
M SPIES' BLACK JERSEY. LEG- .Double soles, full, swell H
m GINS— AII wool to go above fhe v last ........... ' ... : S2 85 H
I! knees; $1 00 qua1ity.... ...... ..75 C - '¦ . - " •• a> - >g> °. Hj-
m ' :'" ' : ¦"'¦¦ -•.-•.'¦' ••••'¦ MEN'S SLIPPERS— Two styles, in - D
H , ¦ .-•••¦ ¦'. * ":¦-'. < .'; black , and -,¦¦/ oxblood, han d M
Eg LADIES' BLACK MERCERIZED turned ;....;;.:...-...:....: 81.65 B
P ' l^ IE ii T a m i llned ' ' fu £-. tr i m J BOY ; AND YOUTHS' VICI KID 9
m mcd, $1 25 regularly ........ 51.05 LACE SHOES - Soft uppers, vH .
."H ¦¦'¦'¦ " y ' ' , . -¦': ¦•- ¦ ~ heavy extended soles. .¦¦:.'. H .
fl '/' ;.; Sizes 9to 13 ...*.... ....!.. 81. 40 m '".
£1 LADIES' KID LACE - SHOES— Sizes 13^ to 2 .-......'....... .«1.0."> fl
H Goodyear welts, 1 patent leather Sizes 2% to 5% .;.-... 81.85 M
m tips, extension soles ...... \8U.60 ' "•"" - — — ;•¦ *¦ :: ~- • < ¦¦"¦--¦¦¦¦*•¦¦¦ • H
M > ¦•¦-• ¦¦ -¦ ) ™ CHILDREN'S AND MISSES' BOX Si
S3 . ~ -•=>•".; • CALF LACE SHOES— Extension -«/..
B r at-.tt^c" prt v V-attt. ¦ T »^* soles; excellent for school girls. ; -.»;.
¦ LA 2^ c. B ,?? ' u CALF LACE Sizes sto 8 ...... ..../:.....< 95c ¦
M SHOES, ,• with heavy extended • Sizes 8% to 11 :......:... .-.. 81.13; ; ¦ .
m soles; a hummer for wear.82.15 Sizes 11% to 2 ..............81.35 ||
I COUNTRY ORDERS FILLED. I
1 The KOMFORT 83.50 SHOES for men and : women are, bet T^B
H : ter in quality and snappier in -style than any sold in the city, no mat- 1 M
iH ter what name they bear. : ' H
[KAUf MANNS Formerly I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
plowshare should pass over the site of our
court buildings.
The Circuit Court of Appeals adjourned
until December 1, when it will pronounce
judgment.
Denies New Trial to Murderer.
Manuel Amaya, who was convicted of
the murder of Garrett D. Loucks at Santa
Cruz, February 10, 1900, and who was sen
tenced to life imprisonment, was denied
a new trial by the Supreme Court yes
terday. Teshara. his accomplice, also has
an appeal on file and, as the petitions
were based on practically the same
grounds, 1t seems probable that he will
also have to pay the penalty for his
crime.
Rionhart's Flaxseed Balsam
Will cure your cough; 50 cents; at all druggists'.
¦ m ¦
Valuable Estate Appraised.
The appraisers appointed to determine
the value of the estate of Jennie Stan
ford Lathrop, a minor, filed their report
yesterday. The estate is valued at $117,
42 S6. and consists of fifty-five bonds of
the Northern Railway Company of Cali
fornia, worth $55,375; 918 shares of stock
of the Market-street Railway Company
worth $50,490, and $10,557 86 in cash. '
DR. PARDEE, eye, ear, nose, throat,
has resumed practice in Chronicle bldg. •
Subscribers Must Pay Up.
Notices have been issued by the Mis
sion Road Improvement Club, through E.
J. Pease, president, arc- A. Hulme, secre
tary, that all subscribers to the Mission
Road fund must pay thrir subscription to
the City Treasurer without delay in order
that the contract may be legally award
ed.
OIL RATE CASE
IS HEARD AGAIN
New Witnesses Give
Testimony for the
Complainant.
Additional testimony was taken by the
Board of Railroad Commissioners yester
day on the Important question of the rea
sonableness of the rates charged by the
Southern Pacific Company, the Santa Fe
and other transportation lines for the
moving of California oil between the
Kern River, McKittrick, Sunset and Coal
inga liekls and San Francisco. This was
in pursuance of the decision of the board |
to grant a rehearing, with the under- j
standing that all the testimony formerly i
taken shall starfd and that only new wit
nesses shall be introduced at this time.
Attorney Short represented the compain
ant, John Le Blanc, and W. F. Herrin
and Attorney Proctor the Southern Pa
cific and the Santa Fe. Men prominent in
the California oil industry were present;
also a small squad of railroad statisticians
and freight officials, who flanked the rail
road lawyers and helped to get together
technical puzzlers with which to befog
the witnesses in behalf of the producers.
The afternoon was not long enough for
the complainant to get in ail of his new
testimony. It Is probable that all the tes
timony and evidence for both sides will be
In to-day, the hearing Having been ad
journed to 10:30 this forenoon.
Spellacy Testifies.
Timothy Spellacy of the Chicago Crude
Oil Company and the Illinois Oil Com
pany both of which are doing business in
the Kern River district, testified that a
reduction in the rail rates between the
points named in the complaint would
benefit the oil Industry in the fields north
of Tehachapi. He was familiar with
the oil business In Ohio and Indiana. He
was satisfied that the cheaper the price of
oil could be made in San Francisco the
more oil would be used. In his opinion oil
should«be sold at the wells at 50 cents per
barrel. He said that he thought that the
transportation lines should be patriotic
enough to help build up the oil business of
the State because that would tend to in
crease the manufacturing industries in
California. No producer of oil could make
a profit at the rates oil has been bringing
recently at the wells. If the roads would
reduce their rates there would be a profit
on oil to the producer at prices upon
which contracts for delivery in San Fran
cisco have been based. He did not wish
the roads to carry oil at a loss. If oil
was to bring $1 per barrel In San Fran
cisco it would take a long time to build
up manufacturing with oil fuel.
Mr. Herrin questioned Mr. Spellacy
about the effect that cheap fuel has upon
manufacturing industries and the witness
told of a time when there was a surplus
of 24,000,000 barrels of oil in storage tanks
in Ohio. Cudahy and the Standard Oil
Company piped the oil and there was a
gre^t increase In the consumption in fac
tories. The surplus was used up and the
price then rose so high that the use of oil
for fuel was discontinued, because coal is
so cheap in that section. Manufactories
were increased by the cheap fuel. He be
lieved there were Eastern manufacturing
companies that would locate in California
if there was cheap oil for fuel, and the
railroad companies could assist. For In
stance, he said, he thought that straw
board paper-making would do well in
California with cheap fuel and an abund
ance of straw such as the State produces.
He had recently been inquiring into the
matter of the establishment in the State
of such a paper plant.
Other Testimony Taken.
W. A. Jacobs, who is a director of sev
eral oil companies in the Kern River dis
trict, testified that doing away with the
switching charge and giving lower freight
rates would benefit the oil industry. He
had always thought that the switching
charge was an injustice to the producers
and also to the railroad.
George L. Hoxie, County Surveyor of
Fresno County, testified that he formerly
was a fireman on the Southern Pacific
s^l Is our smart winter Overcoat for chaps between the ages »;
Syl of 6 and 15 years, made from those high-class Oxford fc
£3 cheviots in three shades, each of the three shades repre- t?
$pH ¦ Is an ideal long yoke garment, and you know long par- f^
|gya ments are the rage with fashionable boys. /^
The Strathmore is a coat that were we to tax you $7 J&Q
L Jp||\ for it you would readily pay it, but it's one of our star Mtftf
i^SpW specials and the biggest special we have ever of- S^&m
Company's lines in the San Joaquln Val
ley and ran principally between Tulare
and LathroD- His testimony was largely
technical, dealing with the hauling ca
pacity of a locomotive. He said that
with an old-time locomotive he had hauled
eighty-six wheat-laden cars in the valley.
In his opinion one ordinary locomotive,
such as is in common use. would easily
haul thirty oil tank cars. When it came
to the cross-examination there was a radi
cal difference In the estimates of weights
of the oil tank cars. Mr. Herrin made the
weight of a car unloaded 32,000 pounds.
but Hoxie quoted a sample oil car on the
Santa Fe which had the weight of 25.800
pounds painted upon it.
Livingstone Jenks, who is officially con
nected with the Four Oil and Apollo Oil
companies; W. H. McKenzie. Robert S.
Knight and Walter C. Beatty all testified
that the reduction of oil rates asked for
would help the oil industry of the State.
Ruediger Objects to Being Boycotted.
The petition of Julius Ruediger for a
writ of prohibition restraining Bakers'
Union No. 24 from boycotting the Vienna
bakery on Larkin street was heard by
Judge Troutt yesterday. Lengthy argu
ments for and against the injunction were
made by the attorneys for Ruediger and
the union, the attorney for the labor or
ganization contending that a boycott
could not be prevented and that the
proper way to secure redress was to sue
for damages. The«case was submitted.
IN FURNISHING
YOUR PARLOR
' .' . ¦¦'¦ . -
•-'Vj^^ ~^m _> \* irlr^ you nave opportunity todis-
ifir M "^^^' '• Wj m, pl ay your, good taste and gain
¦ *|^»gi '^J^^^t/i tM#<*frs t^ ie approval of your friends,
<^^^vn-/?W«lr 1 1 4 111 aS well as your own satisfac "
&/^^^i^^^^^|| ijjll tion ' At Kra & en ' s store you
• ¦^H V\ vVxV^^^^^^^l have the best opportunity of
selection from an up-to-date
: J^\\\l^WJS P" stock of styHsh furniture all
w t n made> We are sdHn s ;
• yV^^'M^^^^x^/v^'' a ye P^ ece P ar r OOC
~ ;•¦..- ¦" ¦' '• ' / Regular Price, $35. .
THE HOLIDAYS
Will soon b« here. If you intend to buy some Article of Furniture for
yourself or friend now is the time to buy. We are Rivinsr 25 PER
CENT DISCOUNT FOR CASH ON PARLOR FURNITURE for
one week only.
A number of patterns of Rox bury./ Carpets, elegant designs. Our
price now SOc per. yard; for one week only.
» . - Beautiful designs in Velvet Carpets; regular price $1.15 per yard? for
one week only, 05c per yard for cash. r
" We have an elegant line of Bedroom Suits, Chiffoniers. Sideboards
- ; and Extension Tables which we are giving away one week at 20 per cent !
discount for cash.
This sale is one that has never been offered in San Francisco.
;x; x Don't miss this opportunity to save from 20 to 25 per cent for cash.
-, We must make room for our New Goods.
WE FURNISH YOUR HOUSE COMPLETELY.
The^oney-Savms Furniture and Carpet House,
KRAGEN Furniture Go. &'•
1015-1017 Market Street 1 !
Have you seen our, PATENT DAVENPORT SOFA AND
CHAIR FOLDING BED? The Best and Cheapest on Earth.
¦-":s -rv. "- .' 1. :¦ •. . ¦¦ - .r _ - f ¦ _!
;.¦>....•:.-•¦ I ¦ ¦ - . ...
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Places High. Value on Reputation.
Edgar Painter filed a suit for $12,500
damages yesterday against Alexander
Heyneman and Willis F. Cornell. He al
leges in the complaint that Heyneman
and Cornell willfully and with intent to
injure his good name and credit caused
his arrest May 27. 1901, on a charge of
embezzlement. Painter was accused of
selling a printing press on which Cornell
had a mortgage of $250 without giving
due notice to Cornell. He was tried be
fore Judge Cabanlsa and acquitted of the
charge. Painter now claims that the ar
rest and trial damaged his reputation to
the extent of $12,000 and that the time ha
spent in attending the trial caused him
a loss of $500.
Did it ever strike you that you can buy Jesse
Moore Whiskey for the same price that Is paid
for just ordinary whiskey? •
Injured Boy Seeks Damages.
The suit of Alexander Fraser, a boy,
who is suing the California Street Cable
Railroad Company for $10,000 damages for
Injuries received in a collision between a
California-street car and a wagon last
December, was placed on trial in Judge
Kerrigan's court yesterday. Fraser
whose collar bone was broken In the col
lision, claims he suffered a permanent in
jury and that he is unable to perform
any labor without a great deal of suffer- 1
ing. *