iff !•, a a ii r i f i . r-» \u25a0.''\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ' ' -: \u25a0\u25a0••.\u25a0.•,'
Washington Authorities Are Hopeful That Representations Convincing Rob
bers That the Full Amount of the Ransom Demanded* Cannot Be Raised
Will Probably Soon Result in the Freeing of the Woman
MISS STONE, CAPTIVE OF BULGARIAN BANDITS,
WILL BE LIBERATED WITHIN A FEW DAYS BY
OUTLAWS, WHO WILL ACCEPT MONEY OFFERED
Financial Settlement Ordered by the South Dakota
Court Following a Decree and Culmination of
a Romance That Began in Rhode Island in 1892
FREDERICK GEBHARD MUST PAY
HIS DIVORCED WIFE A FORTUNE
AND MAKE OVER GOTHAM ABODE
NEGOTIATIONS WITH BANDITS.
Direct Communication Opened With
Miss Stone's Captors.
LONDON, Oct. 30.— "It Ts officially stat
ed that i the United States Legation "in
Bakhmetieff, the Russian representative
at Sofia, who is married to an American,
is displaying much energy In co-operating
with United States Consul General Dick
inson. In Government circles at Sofia tho
impression appears to be that Miss Stono
Is dead. Measures are ' being taken by
Mr. Dickinson and M. Bakhmetieff. Dick
inson is trying to learn definitely whethsr
she is alive or not. V :
WOMAN WHO HAS JUST SE
\u25a0 CURED A DIVORCE AND A
• ' '
MISS STONE AND PARTY WERE ABDUCTED NEAR" THE Vltl/AGE OF GRAVODESHTE, WHERE THE ROAD
PASSES THROUGH THE JELTEPE HILLS, AS THEY JOURNEYED FROM BANISKO TO DJUMA. THEY
HAVE SINCE BEEN DETAINED 'IN THE ALMOST- INACCESSIBLE FASTNESSES OF JOKORUDA HILLS.
Macedonian committee,^ and • heavy . In
demnity. The authorities are satisflel
that the American demands will be sup
ported by Russia, -which has cordially
co-operated. with. the United States to ef
fect Miss stone's release. - "r.\
Information Not Satisfactory.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 29.-Spe.ncer
Eddy, Secretary of the United States Le
gation here, and "WV W. Peet, . treasurer
of the American Mission at; Constantino-'
pie, had a long conference on the qiiestion
of Miss Stone . to-day. . The . information
from the missionaries who' are "near- the
brigands' retreat is far from satisfactory.'
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Oct. 29.^-United States
Consul . General Dickinson has left here,
for Samakov In order to be able to super-'
intend : more "closely the "measures 'being
taken for the release of Miss Stone arid
her companion; Madame Tsilka. t'.-~? ;'
Belief That Captive Is Dead.
ST. PETERSBURG.' Oct: 29.-Thei.Rub
slan Foreign- Office -Is -still co-operating
heartily with the; United. States officials
in- efforts v to /obtain the . release V. of
Miss Stone, the American missionary/ arid
her companion, Madame Tsilka, who were
captured ;by' brigands .- September '3. .' M/
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STEET, N.
W-. WASHINGTON. Oct. 29.-
Whlle officials decline - to make
public the character of the nego
j tiatlons that are in progress with
the Bulgarian brigands who have Miss
Etone - in their possession, the " belief Is
Eteadily growing stronger that she will
be liberated in a few days. Additional
dispatches were received by the State De
partment to-day in relation to the loca
tion of and negotiations with the brig
ends, but for obvious reasons they ara
withheld from publication. The authori
ties are hopeful that the • representations
which are being made showing that It is
Impossible to raise the ransom demanded
will convince the brigands that It is use
less to delay longer the delivery of the
prisoner, and that they will accept the
turn available. '
As soon as Miss Stone Is liberated, and
not before, the United States will mako
representations to Bulgaria, and perhaps
Turkey, for the purpose of t securing » rep
aration. This will include the punish
ment of the brigands, if they can be cap
tured, and all who are Involved in V the
•ontplxecy, Including members of -the
Continued on Page Two.
; LONDON,' Oct. 29.-A! the Old Bailey
to-night' Martial Faug&ron, a Prenchmah,
who .was committed"; for trial September
il on the charge, of murdering Herman
Jung, an old jew«ler'of Clafkenwell, about
ten- days, previously, testifying in his own
behalf ' repeated his statement that Jung
had i promised him fortune if he would
stab Joseph Chamberlain, .- the Colonial
with a : knife ' and . make . him
'suffer greatly . before* he died, as a -lesson
for< the suffering _ he^ had . caused ib'y ; the
South African -war.-; The' Jury found Fau
geron guilty and' he v was- sentenced 1 to
death. ..'\u25a0'*: - . " ; '; --.\u25a0'.' \u25a0 .' - >
FOXna-MA^TBD ? SCHOONER
J JASEOEE. ON SMITH ISLAND
Stranded Vessel Is Believed to Be the
E. . K. . Wood, Sailing: Prom
. ... "- .San Pedro.
; TOWNSEND, Oct. 29,-As a re
sult'of last night's storm -a' .'four-masted
schooner -Js' ashore on' Smith Island anJ
the seas r are ; breaking over her. The re
port was;, brought here this, evening by
the steamer Lydia Thompson;' which
passed^, the' scene of the disaster late -In
,the^ afternoon. * ' Owing to* heavy "s'eaa ' she
.was^unable to approach dose enough to
'ascertain, the name of the vessel.. V . r
g Shipping men (believe ; the stranded ; ves"
sel'[ is \u25a0 the :\u25a0 B; K. VWoo'd, f rom San '
bound f or Whatcom. Three tugs left here
to-night for_ the: scene. > '\u25a0\u25a0 r , :
Remarkable Story Told by a
; Frenchman Convicted
of Murder.
Constantinople has opened .direct negoti
ations-with Miss Stone's captors," says
a dispatch from Sofia to the IJaily Tele-'
graph. "The . Bulgarian Government j has
allowed th.e celebrated , Rilo Kloster
(southwest ;'of^Samako,v) to; be searched
and two suspected monks'. to be arrested.'.'
NEW YORK,, Oct. 29.— According _to in
formation which"' the. Herald .'.will '.print to
morrow, Superintendent of Elections John
McCullagh 'has prepared a letter to be
.forwarded 1 .' to \u25a0 Police Commissioner Mur
phy, demanding '< the co-operation of 'the
.police in preventing 411egal voting next
Tuesday and in bringing, about the;pun
ishment of those guilty 'of 'a^at'tack! upon'
the integrity of elections. A copy of the
letter will be lent to Mayor Van Wyck.
and another: copy. may be sent to District
Attorney Philbin.' Affidavits j will; accom
pany I the 1 : letters." Superintendent- McCul
lagh;will,call Commissioner, Murphy's at
terition to . the \u25a0 fact that Illegal . registra
tionTnas been resorted to In . all \. of the
downtown districts. Mr.,; McCullagh is
quoted'as saying: ' \u25a0' /
• "I shall ask fdr no more 'warrants.:-' My
agents will ; make arrests^ without .war
rants. .The law gives; us ( the .right to do
so; and it' wiU-be done.- /This wtirehrage
certain police '.officials, but I \ don't think
any attempt . will be made : to • interfere
with us." ; If ; any? attempt" to interfere is
made there _wlll be "trouble- and'lt". wilfbe
for the courts to settle." , _", . . ;,"> \u25a0 \u25a0'. j ' ; '
After, a conference with •president Mor
ris^ of ; the Republican '. County .Committee
to-night ; Superintendent McCuliagh;; de
cided to BUbpena in " the morning , 600' men
who -are alleged, to he.lllegaiiy.-registered
from' houses in • the Second : Assembly Dls'-'
trlct alone..;. . v " ' \u25a0'_ ; ' • . ' ' \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 '-_ '.'"-
Superintendent of Elections
. Will Wage War on the '
Stuffers.
March 24, 1894. '.Freddy's gift .to thebride
of a $50,000 diamond necklace and a $20,000
ruby.^helped to make it, one of the most
notable affairs' of the day. The Rev.
Maltbie 'X>. : Babcock of the Brick Pres
byterian Church, New York City, per
formed the ceremony... There have been
no children as the result of the marriage.
Mr. /and Mrs. Gebhard had not lived to
gether' since the- summer of 1900. 'Then
she Went to .Narragansett .with her moth
er, her sister. Miss Mildred Morris, 'and
her brother, "Jack" Morris. v The j latter
married Miss Willing of . Philadelphia; a
cousin of Mrs. John Jacob Astor, last fail.
c-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-H-i-i-i-i-i-^i-i'^'i'-i-i-i-i-^
REFUSES OFFER
OF A FORTUNE TO
STAB CHAMBERLAIN
§IOUX FALLS, , S. D. . Oct. 29.— The
\u25a0divorce \u25a0 by; -which'
'Frederick' M. ! Gebhard and JLouIse :
• Gebhard '* are ; legally separated
, . , ."'[ were 'concluded' here , to-day by'the;
order; of >the, courtjthat Gebhard ,pay\4>!s
former wife $185,000 and make' over to her
his.New York Wsiderice.tV"' ' . '^ !
Freddv Crebhard's Career.
• VFreddy" Gebhard ,1s ( of : course best
known for his - one • time infatuation for
LilyJ Langtry, the' famous English actress
and "; beauty. When : he ".was 'yet quite a'
youth he attached himself to" her \u25a0train
and: hung on until he had Ihe. field almost*
entirely to himself. I He accompanied her
all over the country,' hiring a special car
for , her accommodation, .and ' lavishing
uponiherlall the attention that could •-be.
thought '; of 'and * providing , every ." luxury'
that a- plethora of money could buy. ,
; They', came \ together; to California and
established themselves on a ranch in Lake.
County • with j the avowed purpose of; rais
ing blooded racing stock. ; 'A/great deal of
"outlay ,.was made," . but Freddy, stuck to
the pace. until the' lady,- returned to" Eng-,
land and there .married. Hugo de Bath3. :
Even then he did /not rapine as was "ex
pected, but -cast about in otuer directions
and' after a "time announced his '. intended
marriage. • . • . ' •
Her> marriage to Gebhard occurred on
Marries a Noted Beauty.
The lady, who became his wife. was. Mlss :
Louise Hollingsworth- Morris, daughter of
John . B. .XMorris of • Baltimore, ' Md., arid
wasweil.'Jcnown as one of the ."big five";
most beautiful women of that city. ... ,;i ;
\ Gebhard met Miss Morris at Narragan
sett in .1802. £Bhe was a beautiful woman,
Just?20 then;'; and ttiie leader. of the social
set -there. -"Lulu" she • was \u25a0• to all' her
friends," and' -her f hand " and heart were
asked for by many an ardent swain with
out 'success.*' ..•" She* was a; girl' of .rareycul
ture and wlt.vShe was fond of fun and a
practical Joker par excellence. .,- , - •
At | Narragansett once she j suggested to
a young adorer that he_ prove his devotion
/by. : walking Jn to »the surf , in ;\u25a0 his "evening
dress. He agreed to do so if she would go
wilh hini."''" She led the way sand in .they
went, emerging with drenched ; and ruined
garments, but' thoroughly satisfied with
the lark/:; ">• \-:- . "'\u25a0 \u25a0
:\u25a0-\u25a0 Returning ; f rom : a "dance. \ in . Baltimore
late'/: one ," night, ; with Harry. Lehr, '. she
dared - him to', walk through . the big basin
of a fountain' \u25a0In"' Mount 'Vernon : place. 'He
hesitated, ': and she caught him" by, the arm
arid - literally him after her as
she waded knee deep through the "water,
while 2 the. • \u25a0 stream > _ from
fountain soaked their headgearand[cloth
ing." \u25a0 .. \u25a0•''' }VV; \u25a0 • " '':\u25a0 :\/-j',: -.'.\ -'\u25a0..\u25a0-'••
',;. \u25a0\u25a0: : r v Separated Last Year. -\u25a0 •• - • • '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU,, 1406 G STRETT, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— Save ; for
the • proposition of • th'o Panama" Canal
Company and a few finishing touches, the
Isthmian Canal Commission has complet
ed Its final report.
This report will .recommend the adop-;
tlon of: the Nicaragua. ' route, and \u25a0•it. : i«t
becoming • evident that no matter what
character of proposal M." Hutin and M.
Boeuf ve may submit, ' Unless it is" ab
surdly low, : the- commission .will : ! not
change its present conclusion. ... : '.'
M. Hutin returned 5 to Washington N to
day ' from New \u25a0 York," where > he , attended
a meeting of the Board - of Directors of
the. Panama Railway.- > It Is expected 1 he
will call upon 'the. Canal Commission and
continue his discussions. ' The commission
thinks it "hopeless to expect : from him a
definite and final proposalrof the Bum for
which ' the company.' will vseil ,its cbhees-^
slon. ' '• ":'- '--"•\u25a0 -vf- .• ."v-... 1 > '}- ; '- \u25a0'•.
\u25a0 Will Not Fix.** Price. -ir^i
In Ms Conversations -"Wth-the commis-
sion," M. Hutin,'. it 'was '-learned ; to-day^',
has r. repeatedly, brought .up^ the ..proposal
he submitted some months' ago'in relation
to the final determination of the value of
the canal property and concession by!
the Board of Appraisers. ' • ) .', i
Rear Admiral Walker and -his associ
ates 1 have emphatically, declined to rec-'
ommend the adoption of any such pro
posal, holding that; to do so would be to
place the .treasury of the United States
at the disposal of a board of \u25a0 three per
sons, one of whom only would be a citi
zen of the United States. .~ ".' \
Colombia has made \ every effort , to in
duce M. Hutin to fix a price, ' but appa
rently because he believes that the sum
he would name would be so ridiculously
high that it could not be considered, the
French representative has declined ' to
do so. -
Shortening of the 'Route.
Shortening of the route between .the
eastern and western coasts of. the United
States by the use of the Nicaragua : In
stead of the Panama route is the princi
pal advantage of the \u25a0 former which has
appealed to the commission. - \u25a0 -..'.
The commission does not regard its esti
mate of $200,000,000 as the cost of the canal
excessive, when the width", and depth ot
the waterway . and the 'engineering diffi
culties to overcome are taken into con
sideration. . . •'\u25a0 .- ;; ;\u25a0-'.- V.
I-I-I I .I..I--I"I"I»I-I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I"I»O
STATE AGENTS
TO MAKE ARRESTS
WITHOUT WARRANTS
Walker Board Still FavorB the Shorter
. Route Which it Has Estimated
' Will ' Cost About
$200,000,000.
Nine Darkies, Including a Minister,
' Are. Slain and More Than a Score
of the Wounded Flee
-/Of for Life.
BALLTOWN, La., Oct. 29.— The race
war between blacks and whites started
at a negro camjj meeting at Duncan
Chapel Sunday afternoon at 4 o'clock had
left a carnival of blood up the Pearl
River Valley unequaled In the history of
the country. One white man is dead, an
other Is now dying with a bullet-hole
through his stomach, and a. third white
man is badly wounded. -
Nine negroes were killed In the bloody
affray, five men, three women and one
small child. A dozen— or perhaps more
negroes escaped to the woods and swamps
with wounds that are believed to be .cer
tain death in the brush away from medi
.'. Victims of the Fray.
The dead (white):
JOSEPH SEAL, son of Willis Seal, aged
32, residence Varando, La. .
Wounded (white): Charles Thomas El
liott, aged 26, fatally wounded, now dy
ing, residence Varando; ? Edward Thomp
son, aged 45, shot through thigh, and
fleshy portion of leg. residence Varando.
.^Dead;.(col<3red): : ,
REV. "ALEXANDER CONNELLY.
aged 50,' pastor Duncan Chapel. " •
MARY DAVIS, aged 30, his daughter.
CREAR LOTT, aged 46.
JULIA PETERS, his daughter, aged 24.
MELTON PETERS, her child, aged 4
years.
AMY TONY, aged 75, mother-in-law of
Crear Lott.
LEWIS DUNCAN, aged, 18, son of Helen
Duncan, living in Poplarvllle.
THOMAS PARKED, aged 24.
KIX> BEVERLET. aged 18, a turpentine
worker, from Georgia.
Wounded Negroes Escape.
No one is able to estimate the number
of wounded negroes who escaped the car
nage behind the church. They scattered
to the four winds. Some are known to
have been shot, but they have not been
found.
The fierce conflict raged for* half an
hour. Those at a distance say the firing
sounded like a pitched battle between
troops. % -.V; •? r!f >
To the camp meeting negroes had come
from 200 miles, all up and down the valley.
Elder Stephen Duncan of New Orleans,
for whom the" chapel was named, was
present .
Last Thursday the meeting opened with
several hundred- negroes encamped around
the church in tents and in rudel7 con
structed shanties. It was to continue one
week. . There they^ate and slept and held
services in the chapel. One day previous
to the opening of the camp meeting the
negro. Bill Morris, had been burned at the
stake near Balltown for -an assault on
Mrs. J. J. Ball. Public feeling was at a
high pitch. Under those conditions the
negroes gathered at Live Oak. There was
trouble over a license and Crear . Lotfa
tent became the center of contention.
Some trouble occurred Saturday evening,
but no bloodshed. It came up Sunday
afternoon," when Constable . Boom and -" a
posse went up to Lott's tent with a war
rant He came out and Is said to have
shouted with an oath: "One negro has
been burned, but a damned white man
will be next!"/;"; :'^f."i
The Slaughter Begins. -
- Wade Walker, .one of the constable's
posse, was struck on the head with a
•Winchester and then the slaughter began.
The blacks fled from the frail wooden
church, for it was no ' shelter from the
rain of bullets. Lott retired into his tent,
shooting and fighting. Joe Seal received
his death wound. A torrent' of lead was
sent whizzing into the tent and church"
as the negroes fled.
Preacher Connelly was shot while stand
ing in his yard.' His "daughter fell just
inside the house. The other negroes
around Lott's place kept up a steady rain
of bullets. It was death and blood and
the shrieks of the wounded and dying
were heard oh every side. Lott's ofd
mother-in-law, his two daughters \ and
the little boy fell in a heap inside the
shelter.. Sophia Lott saved her life by
concealing herself behind a stove. There
she escaped and the men did not harm
her.' They were after Crear Lott. He was
barricaded and the next move was to fire
the place, which they did. When the fire
forced him from under cover he appeared
In the doorway and twenty rifle balls went
crashing through him. He fell In a heap,
head , foremost upon the . ground. Parker
and Beverly, both blacks, fell with him.
' Washington parish has never seen such
a slaughter. Joseph Seal and Charles, El
liott and Edward .Thompson, the wound-
Definite Arrangements Are
Not Submitted by M.
Hutin.
Whites Then Begin the Terri
ble Slaughter in Church
i.^ and Tents.
Commission Will Not
Consider Panama Com
pany's Offer, ill
Negroes the Attackers
in the Awful Carnival
of Blood.
RECOMMENDS
THE NICARAGUA
CANAL ROUTE
HORRIBLE
DETAILS OF
RAGE Will
VOLUME XC-NO. 152.
PRICE FIVE CENTS*
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY,: OCTOBER 30, 1901.
SHOOTING OF THE COLORED MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDREN BY INFURIATED WHITE
OFFICERS AT THE DUNCAN CHAPEL CAMP-MEETING IN LOUISIANA ON SUNDAY
The San Francisco Call.Continued From Page One.
SHOOTING OF COLORED MEK,
SALT LAKE, Utah, Oct.' 29.— Louis Eu
genie \u25a0 Gardin „ de | Classe,' formerly a
Countess of France, was to-day, granted
citizenship papers by , Judge Stewart.
Mme. de Classe is related to the royal
Bourbon family of France. ;
Royal Relative a Citizen.
SALINAS, Oct. 29.— The trial of an im
portant land suit was begun this morning
before Judge Dorn in the Superior Court
The Commercial and Savings Bank pf San
Jose seeks to recover 517,000 and costs, the
whole amounting to $22,000, from the es
tate of the late William B. True of San
Francisco. The bank claims the amount
on a note secured by a mortgage on 84s.65
acres of land near Salinas, known as tho
Los Vergeles Rancho. The I mortgage
was given by True, it is alleged, when he
purchased the ranch from Mitchell Phil
lips.
True, In his answer and cross complaint,
had alleged that Phillips and F. W.
Moore conspired to defraud him by in
ducing him to pay more for the land than
it was worth. The administrator of his
estate avers that "on April 11 True, Phil
lips and Moore were playing cards at the
ranch house; that True was constantly
plied with liquor by said other parties
and that while he was under the influence
of liquor Phillips proposed to sell the
property to him for $25,000, although an
offer had been made of $45,000 for the
same land. Phillips, , when told that True
had money, said he would take $8000
cash, so as to pay a mortgage thereon,
and a mortgage fpr $17,000. .- True, in his
weakened condition, went with Moore and
Phillips to a lawyer's office, where, "he
alleges, he found a deed/mortgage and
note already made out. He signed ths
same without investigation. He claims
that he owes nothing, as the real value of
the property is only $25,000."
The plaintiffs deny all the allegations
in True 1 s answer and claim that True
knew what he was about when I he pur
chased the ranch. ,
LAWSUIT SEQUEL
TO A CARD GAME
Adula Not Suspicious.
"Did you give any. special Instructions to
My impression is' that we formed ~ column
between 5 and 6 p. ! m. and stood \u25a0 off on ; a
course south by east and then stopped, leaving
the Castlne in front of the harbor. By 7. or
f. o'clock we got under,way, laying our course
southwest by south." . ' . - ' J
When his attention was called to the fact
that he had in a report said . that the de
parture was timed at 5:15 he ' said that not
having the data before him;;-. when he made
that statement he had taken the information
from Captain McCalla's . report. : -' . \u25a0':\u25a0
"That statement." >he said, • "referred to the
time of the formation of column, aa I regarded
that as a preliminary step ! to getting off.'.' j
"Were there any signals?"
"There were." . . . . \u25a0 „ . \u25a0 • ,*" >\u25a0-
"Was it dark when you got under .way?"
"I do not; remember entirely, but It must
be borne In mind that darkness comes early
In that vicinity. It was, however,, dark
enough to read the Ardols signals. ! I cannot
say Just what the hour was, but the signals
were used up to 9:25 p. m."
"You. were ordered to mask your movement*.
were you not?" • . . . ' %
"Yes; that is, we . were so ordered, If we
should' proceed in the daytime. Our direc
tions in dispatch No. 8 were to bear In mind
that vessels could be - traced by their smoke
for thirty or- forty miles. I believe that " we
were bo far 'away at that time that the peo
ple on shore would not know what we were
doing other than signaling, even if they did
see." - : •
"The Ardols code is not a secret code. Is It?"
"Ordinarily It Is practically so. It Is a code
of letters. I don't believe; they could be
translated by foreign people."
"Did you use a key in employing them on
this occasion?"'
"I don't recall."
• "You remember that you were near enough
to the village of Trinidad to see lights on
shore there that night, do you not?" -
"I only saw the loom of the lights in the
clouds there. ! The . lights themselves | might
have been seen from the bridge of the ship,
but I did not see them." i,
"When you left Cienfuegos where did you
think the Spanish squadron was?" asked Cap
tain- Lemly.
"I did not, of course, know exactly where it
was. If I. had I would have gone straight for
It, According, to. the. information. which came
td' me, I supposed that If it was not at San
tiago ft was somewhere : in the neighborhood,
but my impression was that it had , come out,
as this information . from the admiral- had In
dicated, but Just where it was, of course, I
could not -decide."
What time did you sail for Santiago?"
template sending: one or - two of your ; larger
vessels back to Key West for coal ?" J < \u25a0• . , ;
"I think I contemplated sending some ot the
ships back. If we should d# unable to . coal
within a week." • ". \u25a0 • \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0•
"At what time did you learn definitely that
the Spanish fleet was' riot 'In Clenfueeos?"
'"Upon Captain McCalla's return about; 4 p
m May 24 "
Simmons, \u25a0' and \u25a0 a message was sent to the
negroes. -
•"Do you want anymore?" was the
query.
"No," came the reply.
This had a quieting effect, and peace
again reigned. .
negroes left the country. 1 They car-'
ried all the personal effects possible.
Those who could rode on horseback and
in buggies and those who could not ride
took to the woods afoot. .Those who were
a kittle- bolder -lined- the -roads,- getting
out of the community.
The negroes are cowed and the whites
believe there will be no further trouble.
CHARLOTTE, N. C, Oct. 29.— One hun
dred, and ten of the ring, horses of Buf
falo Bill's Wild West show were crushed
to death in a railroad wreck near Lexing
ton at 3 o'clock this morning. Among the
horses killed was "Old Pap," Colonel
Cody's favorite saddle horse. "Old Eagle,"
the star ring horse, was killed and his
mangled body, fell on top of one of the
wrecked engines. The 'mules that drew
the Deadwood coach also " were killed.
Only two or three horses escaped death.
The accident was the result of a head
end collision between a fast southbound
freight train and the second section of the
show train, , and was due to a misunder
standing of orders. Several train ; hands
were Injured, but no man was killed... •
Colonel Cody spent to-day at the scena
of the wreck- and is heartbroken over the
slaughter. He says his loss is $60,000. .- The
train was en route to Danville, where the
show was to have disbanded and the ani
mals were to be sent to Bridgeport, Conn.,
to go into winter quarters. : • \u25a0 -
NEW ORLEANS, Oct. 29.— Tho Fore
paugh & Sells circus was in a collision to
day near Baton Rouge.. Four cars loaded
with animal cages were badly wrecked,
but none of the animals escaped. A. car
load of j elephants were turned looso
through the wreck, ' but after \u25a0 they had
wandered. about the country a short time
they ' were driven into Baton Rouge and
corraled. Three men were badly hurt.
The wreck was caused by the front . sec
tion of the circus train running into the
rear end of a freight train. •
FAMED HORSES
SUFFER DEATH
"Would not the fact that from thirty-six to
forty-eight hours was necessary in covering
this distance have brought the Spaniards to
Cienfuegos after your arrival there?"
"I did not wish to be understood that that
time would have been necessary for the Span
lards to make the voyage. I meant simply to
give the time consumed by the flying squad
ron in making: the voyage."
"That would be a guess; perhaps a mile."
Going back to the Adula' s appearance at
Cienf uepos. Captain Lemly asked about' th«
war bulletin brought by that vessel and -atked
If It had not stated that the Spanish fleet lad
left there May 20. This the witness admliled
was true as he also did that he had sail the
distance from Clenfuegos to Santiago was fram
thirty-six to forty-eight hours. Then Captain
1/emly asked:
Tne admiral explained that that entry did
not necessarily mean that the Scorpion was
absolutely In touch with the fleet As he re
called it. all the ships were drifting.
"Did you regard her under these circum
stances as a picket boat?"
"I did. Ehe was drifting Inshore."
"How far insider*
The Judge advocate then passed to Clen
fuegos. examining Schley upon his statement
that upon the arrival of the squadron there the
Scorpion was sent In as a picket boat and asked
htm to reconcile that statement with the en
try in the log of the Scorpion to the effect
that from midnight to 4 a. m., "drifted in com
pany with the fleet for the remainder of the
watch."
Before resuming the cross-examination of
Admiral Schley Judge Advocate Lemly an
nounced that with tne assent of counsel for
the other Bide the fiU-nal books of the New-
York for .May IS and Vt and July 2 and July 3
ana the Brooklyn's for May 18 to June 2, in
clusive, and July 2 and 3, would be Included
In the record. He explained that May 18 and
U were the day before and the day on which
the New York left Key West. The nr«t ques
tion the judge advocate asked was in connec
tion with Admiral Schley' s examination in
chief regarding the meeting with the Eagle
Miter the flying squadron leu Key West.
"You said you had a distinct recollection that
the l^acie passed within . nail In the Yucatan
Channel and that Ehe reported no news."
"Not in the Yucatan Channel. We passed
the Eagle soon after leaving Key West."
"She passed within haiir* 1
"That la my recollection."
"And reported no newsT"
"Yes."
"As you sent the Scorpion to communicate
with her do you not think you were in error?"
"Ao. I do not think I am mistaken."
"Did the Ragle report anything else?"
"No; only that she had no news."
WASHINGTON. Oct. 29.— Judge Advocate
Lemly resumed the cross-examination of Rear
Admiral Schley after the court convened at
11 o'clock to-day. 'When the court adjourned
yesterday he was" still questioning the wit
ness with reference to the cruise from Clen-
Juegros to Santiago and he resumed to-day
where he had left off yesterday, asking a num
ber of questions relatlns to the condition of
the weather on May 23 and 26, the dates of
the voyaee. ,He also reverted to the detach
ing of the Eagle from the flying- squadron and
brourht the witness to the consideration of
several other minor details of that '.movement
before coming to the meeting with the scout
boats, twenty-five miles south of Santiago on
the evening of May 2». when the retrograde
movement toward Key West in search of coal
was be^un.
Judge Advocate Resumes Cross-Ex
amination of the Admiral.
TESTIMONY OP SCBXEY.
In the course of the cross-examination
the admiral said he regarded the depart
ment's dispatch rather as a suggestion
than as an explicit order, & suggestion
which he carried out after the sea had
abated and the coal supply of the ships
had been replenished.
Throughout the strain to which the wit
ness naturally was subjected while under
examination the admiral retained his cus
tomary composure. Only once or twice
did he display impatience or weariness. At
one point when asked a question he re
plied that he had been asked the same
question yesterday, at the same time tell
ing what his reply, had been then. On
another occasion, when he was being
searchtngly interrogated as to his dis
tances from Bhore at Cienf eugos and as
to whether the distances were a matter
of record, he responded rather tartly:
"Oh. no. I did not know these ever
would become a matter of such great Im
portance or«I should have platted them
and made a memorandum as I would of
many other things." /
The mam points to which the cross-ex
amination was directed to-day were the
ability of the ships to coal off Cienfuegos'
and the reasons for what is known as the
"retrograde movement.^' The latter point
was dwelt upon with much emphasis and
detail and had not been disposed of fully
when the court adjourned. The admit al
gave three reasons for turning back:
First, the statement of Captain Sigsbee,
who cemmanded the scout ship St. Paul,
that the enemy was not in Santiago; sec
ond, the opinion of Nunez, the pilot, that
the entrance was too narrow and shallow
for the Spanish fleet to enter, and third,
the ambiguity of the department's tele
cram.
The judge^ advocate, in conducting 1 the
cross-examination, used a carefully pre
pared typewritten list of questions. They
called lor a comparison of statements Ad
miral Schley has made either in his direct
testimony. In his communication to the
Senate or in his dispatches to Admiral
Sampson or the Navy Department, with
the testimony of witnesses who have pre
ceded him and the logs and signal books
of the other vessels ot the fleet. Tne ques
tions were not asked in chronological or
der, but jumped from one subject to an
other and from one stage of the campaign
to another.
The progress made was ex
ceedingly slow. Practically the whole day
Was consumed in questioning the admiral
about the cruise from Clenfuegos to San
tiago end the motives and influences that
governed him in turning: -back -after his
squadron . had arrived ,in the vicinity of
the latter port. This latter branch of the
cross-examination had not been concluded
when tbe court adjourned. -
The blockade at Santiago, the recon
noissance on May 31 and the "battle of July
2 still remain to 1 be- covered. It is hardly
probable that the judge advocate can con
clude before adjournment . to-morrow.
After he finishes quite a number of ques
tions prepared by the members of . the
court will be submitted.
__ _. WASHINGTON. Oct. 29.— The
Vi \\ V cross-examination of Admiral
\J\J "Schley was continued through
V V the court of inquiry to-day.
"Did you on May 24, before McCalla report
ed that the fleet was not In Clenfuegos. con-
"The log -of the Brooklyn shows that on
May 24 the sea was smooth. Why then on
that day did you In your report to Admiral
Sampson express apprehension of difficulty In
coaling off Santiago?"' \
."As I have stated before a sea that would
be smooth for. the Brooklyn would be rough
for smaller vessels."
The admiral was then proceeding to read. the
signals from the Iowa, > Massachusetts and
Texas to the. flagship relative to coal when
Captain Lemly Interrupted to say that the ad
miral had already testified to those signals
in his testimony In chief, whereupon Captain
Parker protested that It was unfair, to the
witness to ask for signals and then stop him
as soon as he had begun to comply. Captain
Lemly. disclaimed any desire to be unfair. What
he wanted was signals Indicating solicitude for
coal. Thereupon Admiral Schley proceeded with
the reading of the signals. After he had read
about twenty he looked . ux>.
"Do you want any more?" he Inquired.
"Not unless Captain Parker does," replied
Captain Lemly. .„\u25a0:-. . .
"I am satisfied. If the admiral is," observed
Captain Parker. '\u25a0 . .
"Which of these signals Indicates solicitude T"
Captain Lemly asked. , .
"I should say all or most of them," replied
the witness.
Captain- 1 Lemly at this point went back to
the stater of the sea.
In response Admiral Schley said that when
the Iowa arrived at Clenfuegos she only had
about half her coal supply aboard and almost
her first request was for coal from the collier.
"Did Ehe get coal?" - . -
"Yes. She took on abput 200 tons.". ...
Questions as to Coal.
Captain Lemly asked the admiral to point
out the signals of the Massachusetts and Texas
showing solicitude about coal and also to In
clude \u25a0 the Iowa.
"I -think all the vessels were more or less
ehort of their complement, and considering
the fact that they ought' to be fit for any
service and , for every service that In -arriving
off the port we should be more than half or
three-quarters full."
"How about the Brooklyn? Ehe had plenty
of coal, did she not?"
"I don't think there was ever any question
about the Brooklyn."
"How about the Massachusetts?"
"The Massachusetts and the Texas were con
stantly solicitous about coal."
"Did you In the same dispatch , Inform Ad
miral Sampson that one of the battleships had
been coaled on that day?"
"1 reported that fact to him on May SO."
Referring to the blockade of Santiago. Captain
Lemly asked the witness why he had sent a
dispatch to Admiral Sampson that "on account
of short coal supply, cannot blockade them (the
Spaniards) in. Santiago ?"-
"I meant that if we could not have coaled off
Santiago, we could not have stayed there."
"Did you state that condition T'
"No; I did not state that condition. That
was the impression In my mind."
"What did you mean by the report. 'I shall
not be able to remain off that port (Santiago)
on account of short coal supply?' "
"I was aware of that regulation, yes; but
my papers after being boxed up were inadvert
ently sent after me to Porto Rico after ' the
close of the campaign. I did not return to the
Cnited States until. November.. I then deliv
ered them as required." 1
Captain Lemly then questioned the witness
regarding the wind off Clenluegos while the
flying squadron was there. Admiral Schley had
stated in his testimony In chief that the wind
then was fresh. Captain Lemly called the at
tention of the witness to the log of the Brook
lyn for May 23 and 24. The log showed the
Etate of the wind at different periods on those
dates, varying from one to four.
"WhJ 1 did you. on the day the Iowa coaled
from the Merrimac, May 23, inform* Admiral
Sampson that coaling off Clenfuegos was very
uncertain?" . . , ,-',\u25a0> -•-:,*
"Simply on account of the weather."
"You coaled one of the battleships?"
In response to other questions Admiral Schley
said there were three or four boats stretched
across the harbor at Cienfuegos. -
Captain Lemly called the attention of \u25a0 the
witness to the fact that In his former, testimony
he had said that Lieutenant Wood had reported
him as speaking disrespectfully of Admiral
Sampson, calling him captain. The admiral re
plied that he might; have got Wood confused
with Hood and upon referring to the c»Sfrt rec
ord he said it was true that Wood had not so
testified. The admiral was \u25a0 again questioned
concerning the return of his papers to the Navy
Department. •• \u25a0 \u25a0
• '•All my papers," he replied, "were packed In
a box and so far as I know not a single one was
left, except some blueprints, and the second
copy of the 'Dear Schley* letter, which was put
in an envelope and retained."
"You were aware of the department's regula
tion requirine- that all papers should be re
turned upon surrendering a flagship?"
"There were none. I do not consider that
the regulations or customs required written in
structions."
"Is It not the unwritten law at sea that the
vessels In squadron shall follow the flag?".
"Yes, except under, certain circumstances."
"What • circumstances ?"
"Well, a vessel might see one of the enemy's
ships drop out and follow to attack her. That
might be one of the circumstances."-
"Yes," replied the witness; "but as the en
tries do not show the speed it is impossible
to tell the distance. We usually steamed as
slowly as possible, simply kept tsteerage.-way."
"Had Cervera's fleet appeared • during the
nights you were at Clenfuegos. either coming
out or coming in from seaward, what, under
your instructions, would your fleet' have done?"
"Knocked them out." (A stir In court.)
"What were your Instructions?" I '
"To follow the flag — Instructions given at
Hampton Roads." "
"What were your written instructions?"
Admiral Schley said he kept a close watch
at day and at night, while awake, while off
Cienfuegos. He said he had seen no auxiliary
cruiser or gunboat near the entrance to the
harbor, as testified to by Lieutenant Griffin.
The witness had an Indistinct recollection of
having seen the mast or perhaps the top of
a pipe over the hills.- He saw nothing larger
coming near the mouth of the harbor than an
ordinary steam launch. '•\u25a0•;'» '\u25a0/:
In response to a request from Captain Lemly
the witness read extracts from the Brooklyn's
log,, with a view of showing that the admiral's
memory had been at fault when he had stated
that the fleet was closer in at night than dur
ing the day time. The admiral had also testi
fied that the set of the current was toward
the ehore. The log showed that at various
times the squadron had steamed in as well
as out. Captain Lemly called his attention to
the log on the following day. May 24, and
asked him whether these entries In the log
should not show that the ships steamed both
in and out.
Schley Was on Watch.
The admiral, In answer to another question
by Captain Lemly.- said he had platted the
distance on a chart for his own information.
He did n °t know this would ever become a
matter of such importance, otherwise he should
have kept the memorandum as he would have
kept a great many other things.
"In the daytime I took a bow and beam bear
ing. This, together- with the surf and the
land, seemed to confirm that that distance was
correct."
Reverting to the blockade of Cienfuegos, Cap
tain Lemly asked the witness how he estimated
the distance of the blockading fleet to be be
tween three and four miles from shore.
Instructions Sent From Washington to the Com
mander of the Flying Squadron Are Declared by
Him to Have Been of a Very Ambiguous Character
ORDER FROM THE DEPARTMENT
NOT CLEAR IN THE WORDING
REAR ADMIRAL SCHLEY TELLS MEMBERS OF THE NAVAL COURT OF INQUIRY
REASONS WHICH IMPELLED HIM TO MAKE THE FAMOUS RETROGRADE MOVEMENT
assertion made by a pilot '
One cause for departure
Assurances Given by Nunez and Also by Captain
: J h Sigsbee of the Scout Ship St. Paul That Span
ish Fleet. Had Not Passed Into Santiago Harbor
keep me informed. Those ' scouts represented
very largely, the cavalry of an army, and If
they were unreliable they should not have- been
placed there. I must have relied upon what
they said." '
Schley again spoke of the dispatch of the de
partment indicating that the Spanish fleet was
still at Santiago as ambiguous and said that
the information that there were Cubans five
or six miles west of Santiago- was erroneous,
for the Cuban pilot, Nunez, had informed him
to the contrary. He claimed that the dispatch
also was ambiguous In the matter of coaling
the Harvard from the Merrimac.
"Why do you revert to No. 7 when you had
dispatch No. 8 in your possession?" . • '
"I merely reverted ' to No. 7 as one of tha
doubtful questions." ; '\u25a0-\u25a0-.
"If you will look at the memorandum of No.
8 you will also find that Admiral Sampson
held to the view that when you left Clenfuegos
the Spanish squadron probably . would leave:
Santiago." .
"Of course, lf,I had gone to the eastward
and exposed the westward there might have
been more serious consequences."
"Now do you note in this communication
which you have, been referring to these -words.
The department looks to you to ascertain
facts and that the enemy, . if therein, does - not
leave! without a decisive action.' Did you take
any steps further than you have stated to
ascertain the facts?" V.
"No. I thought that the Information -which
I had was pretty conclusive. • I did not see
anything in this dispatch, however, that par
takes of an order; It is rather a suggestion.
There Is a vast difference between communica
tions .that come to you in the nature of sug
gestions and. those that come to you in the
nature of orders. I think the department
never hesitates to 'order distinctly when it is
decided about matters. All this points to the
fact that there was no certain Information In
the possession of anybody . that the enemy was
really there and that which they had was not
to be relied upon, or that it was untrust
worthy."
"In regard to this landing place five - or six
miles west of the harbor you say. you ascer
tained subsequently that the Spanish were
there and not Cubans?"
"So Nunez stated on the 1st. and upon that
I predicated the remark that if .we had land
ed in that position probably we would - have
been gobbled ui>."
"You did not try to land there?"
"No. thank God. I did not."
"You did . not follow up that cue and find
out at \u25a0. that time whether insurgents J were
there, did you?" • *
"Perhaps It is luclty I did not."
"Don't you think perhaps it might have been
lucky if you had?" . \u25a0
"No. I do not think so." ' '
"You did not know really who was present
there at that time?"
"Personally I did not know, only In the light
of what I subsequently heard."
"Did you not in fact finally accept the dis
patch of the department as an order to re
main off Santiago and so Indicate In telegrams
and signals without yourself acquiring- any
further Information as to the whereabouts of
the Spanish fleet?"- i •\u25a0
Raynor— The word "remain" is not in that
dispatch. It is in the Secretary's letter. I
think the Secretary has Inadvertently fallen
Into an error about that. -\u25a0 :•
Captain Lemly— "What is the point of the
question?-
Raynor— My point is that you. use the word
"remain" in referring to the dispatch and the
Secretary of the Navy used the same - word,
when the word- "remain" Is not In the dis
patch. - - . •..
Captain Lemly— I had no point to mak» on
that \u25a0 I simply read that word "remain" .'in
trying to paraphrase the question. J-. 5" -.
Rajtnoiv-It-lsinct a. correct paraphrase. -•• .\u25a0• >
" Captain Lemly— The wbra. "remain" Is not
in that (reading) : "The department looks to
jnu to aseertain tae^, 11 ; tha enemy is in
there do not" leave without declslva action.
Raynor — The enemy did not leave without a
decisive action and he did ascertain the faots.
but the trouble Is the Secretary of the Navy
has used the word "remain." You see it im
plies there was a dispatch to him. to remain
at Santiago.
Captain Lemly— Then I will change my ques
tion and ask if you did not accept it as re
questing you to return and if. as a matter of
fact, you did not remain off Santiago after
that?
Admiral Schley— No, . I think that my reason
for remaining- ... .
Captain Lemly— Remaining or returning?
Admiral Schley— I mean remaining in .that
neighborhood.
Hanna — The Impropriety of your referring to
a letter of the Secretary of i the Navy j is ob
vious. .. .,•
Raynor— It Is in evidence.
Hanna— It is in evidence, hut it has no rela
tion to the subject.
Raynor— Don't say that a letter of the Secre
tary of the Navy is not in evidence. It la as
much in evidence as' any documents in tha
world. This is a very important matter. It
Is an Inadvertence on the part of the Secretary
of the Navy, entirely unintentional. "He uses
the word "remain" when that word is not in
the original - dispatch. \ 7 4
Captain Lemly— If the court please, this is
what they call In football "Interference." and
It Is for no other J purpose whatever than to
interfere with the examination of this mat
ter.
Captain Parker— It is "interferenca" that fre
quently wins the game.
At this point the court took Its usual recess
for luncheon. After the recess Captain. Lemly
repeated his question of. tha forenoon as fol
lows: '
"Did you not accept it (meaning tha order
referred to previously) as requiring you to re
turn? As a matter of fact did you not re
main off Santiago after that?"
Admiral Schley— I said -that after the coaling
efficiency of tho squadron had been established
on a basis of -equality, and as we were not
very distant from Santiago. In view of ths
Secretary's suggestion I returned to ascertain
definitely whether the enemy was In port.
Upon our return we 'discovered' the Spanish
squadron in the harbor. We may. have been'
perhaps four and & half miles or four miles.
"We were always nearer at night than In tha
day time.
Captain Lemly then asked If tha picket
boats were two miles inside of the squadron.
Admiral Schley replied In the affirmative and
added: "I think it would not have been diffi
cult with night glasses to see them. The nights
were pretty clear there for some time. I In
variably looked for the pickets befora going
below."
"Did you designate the formation of tha
squadron under your command prior to June*
1, when blockading oft Santiago as a line of
battler'
"Yes. I was hi lino of battle all the time,
in column." • ' /
"Did you discuss with any. of .yoor captains
the plan of battle as outlined in. your evidence
In chief and the changing from column to tine
of battle?"
"I do not really remember tha full extent
of the discussion, but It was a general ex
planation of the plan. . Why I say that is
because Captain Evans said to me: Then you
propose to charge Into the entrance.' and that
would lead me to Infer that ther» must hava
been some explanation, because that was tha
purpose. If we were in line or column of bat
tle off the harbor and the enemy should appear
a wheel would bring us In line directly for
them and- another wheel would bring us east
or west if -they turned east or west.,, .That oc
curred to nje as a very facile and moblla move
ment. My scniadron was small' and I had to
keep It together as a unit."
At this point Admiral Schley complained of
sensitiveness In. his. throat and tha court ad
journed ten minutes in advance of tha' usual
time until 11 o'clock to-morrow. •• -\u25a0
Yesterday afternoon the '. nine negroes
wLo \u25a0 were left In a heap, where : they had
aled ; were-,'., piled Into three unmarked
graves dug. near the ' charred remains ' of
Lott's tent . house. \u25a0 There - was no* cere
mony. The missionary and -his daughter
filled one of the holes and the women and
child another,; the men a third. \u25a0'. "At '*\u25a0 the
same time prominent • citizens held a con
ference, which was : attended : by. : Sheriff
0;H..i..H-.i^.i..:..i..i.i..i..i.:i.^.,i.^..f,, I .^.0
Sad All They Desired.
For twenty-four hours It looked , like a
general uprising- ' to ' wipe out the black
race In "Washington parish. The news
spread like wildfire and yesterday over
lODO armed men had reached the scene of
battle. v They came from miles and : miles,
some from as far away, as Montlcello.
Sheriff Norman H. , Simmons and J. K.
Johnson, clerk of the : court ; of the par
ish, arrived from Franklin •. : yesterday
morning and the feeling; subsided.
Governor Longlno a of Mississippi and
Governor Heard of Louisiana were . noti
fied and replies came that troops would
be. hurried to the scene. ' " y >
ed whites, were carried away to the
home of F. Zones, about three'; miles
through the pine woods, which was has
tily converted • Into . a hospital. There
Seal died yesterday. v He was burled this
evening?. from his home In Verando, six
miles away. In . tho . Zones Emergency
Hospital Elliott now lies dying. :
THE SAN CALL, WEDNESDAY; OCTOBER 30, 1901;
Captain Lemly — And you were satisfied from
these, without • taking any steps whatever to
ascertain If this order or 'these reports were
correct?
"I ascertained for myself through the me
dium that the department had placed there to
"In your testimony you say that you did not
disobey orders when you started westward be
cause : you returned to your station without
further direction. Am, I right?"
"Yes." " " -. .
"Upon receipt of the Instructions did you
not, nevertheless, leave your station?"
"Yes, I did, for these reasons: First, because
Captain Slgsbee, a scout placed In front of
Santiago harbor, Informed me that he did not
believe the Spanish fleet was there; second,
because Nunez, the pilot, told me he did not
believe the enemy's fleet could enter the har
bor; third, the order No. 7, with the accom
panying memorandum In which Admiral Samp
son minimized the Importance of this squadron
being there and the fact that the department's
telegram which reached me on May 27 was so.
ambiguous in its terms. It authorized me to
coal at Gonalves, Hay tl. or at Cape Cruz, Gon
aives, being to the eastward, and knowing that
Admiral Sampson was at Bay Francis, In the
Bahama channel to the north, it occurred to me
that if the Spanish squadron were extant the
proper strategical move was to go to tne west
ward and not the eastward. I was authorized
in the same telegram to move as far west as
Cape Cruz, provided coaling had ''been found
p osslble there. I did not go to Cape Crua
within eighty miles, I think. Now those were
the influencing, and the operating motives. I
felt that the move west was strategically the
proper one, with- a determination to coal as
quickly as possible, i and that the efficiency of
any squadron as a unit was only equal to the
efficiency of the coal supply of . the slowest
one that composed It. - These were the mo
'tives which caused that movement. The . am
biguity of the telegram from, the department,
I think. Is manifest almost at once, because It
states first specifically ' that all the depart
ment's Information indicated so and so. That
Is that the Spanish fleet was still at Santiago.
It pointed out a place which at that time was
not accessible, and. lastly, it looked to me to
determine and report whether the enemy was
In port or not. Those were the "Influencing mo
tives."
The Disobedience Charge.
,. In . reply to a question the witness saM that
the Merrimac had signaled her accident on
May 26, at 6:15 of that date and that at that
time he was heading toward Santiago.
Referring to' the beginning of, the westward
movement at that time, Captain 1 Lemly called
Admiral Schley' s attention to the fact he (the
witness) had said in his testimony in chief
I * £ s s^ 011 as the sea had calmed down he
had begun to coal, considering himself better
able to Judge than any other officer. Captain
Lemly then had the witness examine the log
of the .Brooklyn for the purpose of bringing
out the fact that during the day of the 27th
the. barometer was rising, .the breeze dying
down and the sea becoming calmer.
•Notwithstanding Improved conditions,
did. you not steam twenty-three miles to the
westward that day before attempting to coal?"
After looking .at the log the admiral said
that according to that memorandum he had
b teamed eighteen^milea. Further, the admiral
stated that they had been obliged to steam
three or four knots farther than they needed
to. overtake the Yale, which did not respond
to y the Brooklyn' s . signal.
In what way did Lieutenant Southerland
make known his regret that he had to leave
the squadron for coal?"
"By, megaphone."
'You say he did not protest against leaving
the squadron?" - "
\u25a0 .'.'SJo... he., did . not. - Such --* protest would
have been so extraordinary that I would have
remembered it, I am sure. I do not remem
ber, as he testified, that he begged to coal
alongside. That would not have been pos
sible. I -was : principally directed by the mo
tion of Ida vessel."
your captains while making thia passage from
Clenfuegos to'Santlag.o \u25a0 In regard to the look
out for the Spanish -fleet?" -
"I did not give any special instructions. They
had their general instructions." '
.."Referring, to the ''Adula, which Captain Cook
said he boarded as a -suspicious craft, do you
know she -was afterward captured and con
demned-as a prize?" .'-,-.
"I do not kriowwhether It was the same ves
sel or, not: I: never saw her -afterward. There
certainly mas nothing to me In the examina
tion of her that Indicated she was a suspicious
ship. She was duly Certified by our State De
partment to enter, the port, of Cienf uegos."
"Did you say in '.any 'one of your communi
cations of -May 27 .to .the- department that the
\u25a0weather'' was" boisterous "since . leaving . Key
"West?"-'' . ii ,.;„--'. \u25a0 •,-.-.- :
The Judge advocate then asked the witness
to examine the log of; the Brooklyn .from the
19th to the. 27th. He read to the court the en
trl«s.' Going back to the Adula incident," Cap
tain Lemly asked If she had authority from the
State Department to enter Clenf uegos. . . The
witness replied that she'carrled an'authoriza
tion from our Consul General at Kingston. \
"You testified that on the Journey , to San
tiago the Eagle's forward compartment filled
with water, When did you learn this?" .
"I do not recall exactly. It Is pretty hard
to differentiate what I knew then and what 1 1
learned later."
"But you have testified that you had. pretty
good recollection and very little imagination."
"I did." . , • " . •
"And that your recollection was better than
Folger's." . • . .•\u25a0\u25a0•
"Yes, I think It was upon that particular
point. 1 '
"The point Is, did the fact that her com
partment filled with water have anything to do
with your sending her away 7" .'•
"I do not think It did; it was her coal sup
ply that governed." ~
"You testified that Southerland signaled to
you that he was dangerously short of coal?"
"She reported to me, I do not recall whether
by signal or megaphone. She came up under
our quarter."-. \u25a0
"Did she not signal . to you before leaving
Cienfuegos that she had five days' coal aboard
and that in six hours she, could take on
enough to last nine days?"
Without waiting: for a reply Captain. L#mly
read a signal to this effect from the Eagle
to the Brooklyn, but In the Brooklyn" \u25a0 log the
answer was recorded in reply to the Brook
lyn's questions as to how much coal the Eagle
had for steaming at ten knots: "Nine days at
ten knots." Captain Lemly then read the coal
report of the fleet -for May 26. showing that
the Eagle on that day reported to the Brook
lyn that she had twenty-eight tons.
"Can you state whether the squadron made
better speed after the Eagle was sent away?"
"You asked me that question yesterday and
I eaid I could not recall. The wind had gone
down, and I think had changed In direction,
and the possibility Is that she may have
made a little more speed, perhaps not ma
terially more."
AD Cervera s ; fleet appeared during the nights ;you were at.Cienfuegos, either coming out
or coming in from seaward, what, under your instructions; would -your fleet have done?"
"Knocked them out." (A stir in court.) : a :: -
.'.\u25a0'\u25a0 "..-"What were your instructions?" : ; - - .
. "To follow the flag—^ ii^structions given at Hampton Rd^ . ' \u25a0.. .
"What^were^yqur written instructions?" .' . '
"There iwere/none^ I'do not; consider that the regulations or customs required writ-:
ten instructions?,'^/, „\u25a0 ' * ," s * ,1*':],\ . \. *:. V t . .. : '\u25a0.
"Is -it not the unwritten law at. sea ihat the vessels in squadron shall follow the flag?"
"Yes/V except undei* certain circumstances." . ,
"Well, a vessel might' seeone of .the. enemy's ships drop out, and follow and attack her.
That might be one of the circumstances.-"— From the testinwny given by Admiral Schley I
tinder cross-examination. \u25a0 .'\u25a0 2 ' \u25a0\u25a0 Cf': ,k ; ' - \:' : v'"
SCHLEY SAYS IF SPANISH SHIPS HAD APPEARED
AT CIENFUEGOS HE WOULD HAVE DESTROYED THEM
2
FOR MAYOR, i
i p i n 11/ ri p
fljfl It WllLv);
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
».. FOR . . ....
AUDITOR
HARRY BAEHRi
- Regular Republican Nominee.
VOTE FOR
JOHN FARNHAM
- — FOR—
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
REPUBLICAN NOMPTEH.
FOR TAI COLLECTOR,
Joseph Fassler
. Democratic : Nominee,
- VOTE FOR
bboland;
.'.*.".\u25a0 Democratic Nomine* for
- PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR
. • (Incumbent.)
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
SEASONABLE HiNTSw
Guard Your Health in Fall and Early
"Winter. ' • v
A change from warm to cold Is always
attended with more danger than from a
cold to a warm temperature.-hence the
greater mortality • from lung and throat
diseases at this season of the year, as
compared with spring. • \u25a0 ;.
The best protection against colds la not
so much in extra clothing as in good di-
gestion. \u25a0 :\u25a0 ' ji. \u25a0\u25a0'•-\u25a0. . .
If the digestion and circulation are good,
colds will be unknown. ~ • -
Poor "digestion causes poor circulation
of the blood, and when in this condition
severe colds are. contracted on the slight-
est provocation. '" . •...•-
People who make a regular, practice of
taking Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets after
meals are free from colds simply because
their digestion is perfect, the -heart strong
and regular, and the whole system forti-
fied against disease. ' \u25a0
It requires little argument to convince
any one that the best safeguard against
colds, pneumonia and changes of temper-
ature is a good stomach. . . v ' ' ,-
J "Stuart's . Dyspepsia Tablets .taken after
meals are dissolved, and mingling with
the food cause it to be promptly digested
and assimilated; they do this because they
contain nothing but - harmless digestive
elements, which • digest meat, eggs and
other food even when. tho stomach Itself
is weak and flaccid. - "... \u25a0>" "
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets make people
well and keep them well, and the best
habit you can acquire is to keep dally us©
of them at meals to make the digestive
organs strong and vigorous.
CITY ATTORNEY,
Judge J.E. Barry
Regular Republican Nominee. .
ror lax Collector,
Edw'd j. Smithy
Republican Nominee.
For SHERIFF,
John Lackmann,
Regular Republican Nominee.
Fop RECORDER^
Chas. E. Corey >
Republican Nominee.
ADVERTISEMENTS^ ';
Difficult Digestion
That is dyspepsia, v : ; -
It makes life miserable. ' , .
Its sufferers eat not because they want to.
• -but simply because they jnust. : -
They know they are irritable and fretful;
but they cannot be otherwise. '.
''•They complain of a bad taste <in the
mouth, a. tenderness at the pit of the* stom-
ach," an uneasy . feeling of i pufly fulness,
headache, heartburn and what not. ,
, Thcf effectual remedy, proved by perma-
nent cures of thousands of severe cases, is
Ho oil's SarsaparUla
t . Hood's Fills are the best cathartic.
DR.MEYERS&CO,
Specialists. Disease
and • weakness .-, of
men.' : v Established
1881. Consultation
and "i private book
free, 1 at office of'b'y
mail. Cures guar-
anteed. T31 Mar-
ket street >g (eleva-
tor entrance), San
Francisco.'
Stops the Cough . \
And works : off • the cold. ? ; Laxative : Bromo
Quinine Tablets cure a cold in one day. No
Cure, No Pay. Price 25 cents. •-
\u25a0-\u25a0-/.. .....-,
' \u25a0 * \u25a0 * \u25a0 '
- . . Jt? v^JJbC . . .
mayor;
JOSEPH S. IOBIN,
Democratic Nominee.
APPLAUSE FOR THE EVERETT.
s—* f^ — -^*^^ , — | — TttJif This is a new piano in a new; field,
fr\_S ' " tkjil ar ?^ so '^ exclusively by Frisco's new
f VrT ' ygv \ I jldB P' a . no House. The Everett is the
I 'l Wr^rl 0my*iW3$«J 11^8 "Piano Automobile" of the present
if r£*£^U v-/ J&Z5& If! raws < * ay- ** w ' ns t^ ie a Ppl ause of both
j ' -~'-± V±r * • lU'Ftla amateur and the profession.
£ mmmmmm^~ tHE§| e Everett we handle the* Steck,
fj^j i .^^^i^, , ,*"l~j* cc! Hardman, Packard, Ludwig, Har-
t!^^',.^_~~~~" '""^1 pig JEWS rington and Straube, and we invite
.^^^^^SgS^jgggMfc; <3^ trel vour earnest, consideration of the
if! <\u25a0 W? V >*^-^^^^^fil| {Hf P" ces ™. e ma^ c on tllese most niagni-
/fi^VV j^l Js^t^Zi 1 li'l&ll On January I we move into our ;
fiil^V// 7?Y'£r : ?zL = .A rfpvl new warerooms at 931 Market street.
l|S5l\ \tM£^^?MkW\ At the P resent tim e Pkase take ele-
V^fP&i V "'•W^^P^ vator at 933 Market street for our
N^So^y ys^'vRicMT C].??^ « warerooms on the sixth floor, and buy
\u25a0 * "^SSai<^>rr -^' £ piano at A WHOLESALE PRICK
THE W|LEY B. ALLEN CO., 933 Market Street^San FranciscQ,
(Branch Stores at Oakland, AlamedaandiSanJose^>
CALIFORNIA
'I IB \u25a0\u25a0"•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 w% - - \u25a0 "
I I hJI I I I - II
I ' I liil I I V II " \u25a0
\m I III I v I Li' w3 ' *
"THE SUPERIOR OF
THEM ALL"
Everything that tends \i toj
.speed, comfort, pleasure and
luxury . unlimited. Eewrvs
* \u25a0 berths for .this famotis train
at 641 Market street.
it LEAVES EVER/ MONDAY AND
tHURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE
SANTA FEPETALUMA, Oct. 29.-A gang of petty
thieves held high carnival in this city
during the early hours of this morning.
They entered the tailor shop of.Straujs
& Phillips . and stole several new suits
of clothing and then broke into the office
of Q. P. McNear and took clothing' an J
Other articles. Last evening a suit was
taken from in front of the Strauss &
Phillips dry goods store. The thieved
have thus far eluded the police.
Thieves at Work in Fetaluma.
They were brought to Ukiah this after-*
noon by Marshal Mumm Reid of Willits
and Henry Bowen and returned to jail.
Both declare that Hausman, the forger,
planned the escape and did- all the work
of breaking Jail. Hausman is still at
large. It is known that he went south as
far as Hopland with the Indian, but there
trace of him was lost. .
UKIAH, Oct. 29!— Three of the prisoners
who escaped from jail here on Sunday
momlng have been recaptured. Lorenzo
Jeff, the Indian, was caught at the raach
eria near Hopland, yesterday morning.
George Michael, the horsethief, and "Jim"
Dempsey, the petty larcenist, were cap
tured this morning by Rancher William
Painter about six miles above Willits
while making their way to the north.
They report that they had nothing to eat
from Saturday night until after their cap
ture.
'i'H H.TVP. OF 'I' H K ESCAPES
BACK Of UKIAH JAIL
DENVER, Oct. 29.— An astonishing
official announcement | will be
made from, the. headquarters of
the Denver, and Rio Grande Rail-
road to-day or : to-morrow. J.
G. Metcalfe, general manager of the sys
tem, is to retire on November, 1 and will
be succeeded by J. M. Herbert. late man
ager of the Paciflc system- of the South
ern Pacific. . . ' • \u25a0•.;..\u25a0
RuBsell Harding, third vice' president
and general manager of the Missouri Pa
cific Road, becomes vice president of the
Denver and Rio Grande. It is understood
that the retirement of M'etcalfa means | a
sweeping change In , the transportation
department of the road. '•
E. T. Jeffery, president of the Rio
Grande system, officially confirms the re
port of the resignation of J. G. Metcalfe,
general manager, and the appointment of
J. H. Herbert as general manager. Her
bert will assume charge of the entire Kio
.Grande system on November ,1. •
The Times this evening says: There is
no longer any doubt that the Gould inter
est is In full control of the Rio Grande
When the Klondlkers now arriving le.'t
the sluicing season was already ended,
though considerable gold was still beiny
brought Into Dawson. Winter work waj
to have commenced as soon as enougn
enow fell to permit hauling wood to the
mines. -. '
TACOMA, Oct. 29.— During the four
months of June, July, August and Sep
tember the amount of gold actually ex
ported from the Klondike was $21,643,00-).
These figures %vere taken from the .rec
ords of the Gold Commissioner at Daw
son, where a certificate of export must be
obtained by evxjry one shipping out goid,
under penalty of forfeiture ot . the dust
tor non-coinpliance. There has been a
lage rush ot gold out since October 1,
giving promise that tho - exports for th«s
year may surpass those of any other year
In the history of the camp.
When the October figures are completed
It tvIII not be surprising if the shipments
for the season aggregate quite $24,000,000.
Hundreds of persons are now coming out,
and all of them are bringing gold dust.
Many of them are successful miners, who
have not been outside since they went
In Boon after the first Klondike excite
ment.
Special .Dispatch to The Call.
Total for' the Season Will Be
Greatly in Excess of This
Amount "
Klondike's Output for
Four Months Is
$21,643,000.
FIGURES REVEAL
YUKON'S WEALTH
"i Dr. C. CV O'Donnell ; is ; still *in: the flgh't
and will certainly win this, time. ; Be sure
to Ivote- for, him for, Mayor by . writing ; his
name with a lead pencil at head of blanir
column." •';.\u25a0" -,...-...- \u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0 ,..„\u25a0
General Greeley recommends i an : Inter
nationa! cable conference to prepare regu
lations for cables. Conc4i*ii»nqr "experi-'
mental work he says:
. In wireless telegraphy., thft signal corps has
perfected Its own system, .which was the first
on«* ever successfully operated in the United
States, on September 30, 1899, between Fire
Island and Fire Island lightship, a distance
of. ten .miles.. There are now la successful
operation two stations . in San Francisco har
bor, one at Fort .Mason and another at , A1-"
cat raz Island. Arrangements have - been made
for the establishment of stations in the Phil
ippines \u25a0 at suitable points. . . The chief signal
officer adhered to the opinion that this system
has its limitations, which are' not entirely de
pendent on distance. -» — . 'f
General • Greely, ln r recommending a
Pacific cable, says: : \u25a0;.'•'
It is only a matter of time when Luzon shall
be' connected with Japan 'and, Tonquln" and
the Chinese empire. - The Philippine ; Islands
are now only accessible \u25a0 telegraphically i over a
short cable of about 600 miles > of the Eastern
Extension Company between Manila and Hong
kong.,' -OV -•-\u25a0\u25a0: ":• :"\u25a0.*• •';;\u25a0': v . \u25a0'\u25a0 '•'-". \u25a0' ;-• ',
,The experiences of the "War Department in
connection with the relief of - the legation - at
Peking show, clearly \u25a0• the .tremendous disad
vantage under which the United States would
labor without its . own cable \u25a0 facilities in case
of an extended war in the- East. J An Eastern
Trans-Pacific cable Is a military and commer
cial necessity if American interests are to. be
safeguarded in Asiatic regions. Such a cable,
while.of great value militarily, will especially
further industrial interests and facilitate | com
mercial \u25a0 operations. .-As i It is officially known
that \u25a0 an . American \u25a0 cable can , only ; enter \u25a0 Japan '
from the east and not ' from Japan, - China or
the/Philippines, the only possible route is that
already recommended to. Congress by the Presi
dent, via Hawaii and Guam. •.
If the officers and men of the elgnal corps
had struggled only against, the. natural dis
advantages they were under, their work In the
Philippines would have commanded commenda
tion; but to this must be added the extreme
difficulties arising 1 from the practically con
stant efforts of the Insurgents' to destroy In
dispensable, means of Inter-communication. In
the region southeast of Laijuna de Bay, Santa
Cruz to .Antlmono and thence to the head of
the Gulf of Ragay, the Insurgent troops had
caused no end of trouble and annoyance, . not
only by the cutting of the. wire,' but by the
removal or destruction of considerable stretches
of line. The commanding- officer at Santa Crua
Informed me that necessity | had caused him to
furnish every repair I • party • with • at i least a
mile of wire, as at least that amount was taken
away at each break. Destruction of - sections
of two, three or five . miles of wire was not
unusual, but the climax "was reached in the
total : destruction of thirty-eight miles of line,
every insulator, being: broken,' every bracket
destroyed or removed, 'every pole cut down and
the entire wire carried away. ' , . , .
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— General Gree
ly, chief signal officer, in his annual re
port says the signal corps should be In
creased to meet present \u25a0 requirements.
There have been constructed 336 miles of
telegraph line in .Alaska and arrange
ments have been made with the Canadian
Government to use its lines, to Alaska.
The operations of the corps* in the Philip
pines -have been very extensive, there
having been 4851 miles of telegraph line,
an increase pi 2054 during the year. .The
military cable lines in the Philippines
connect with Mindoro, Marindlque, Samar,
Leyte, Cebu, Negros, Mindanao, Jolo and
Siasi. Concerning 1 he work of the corps
in the Philippines General Greely says:.
General Greely Reports
on Condition of
,^ i Service.
ARMY NEEDS
SIGNAL MEN
changes that have started were deter
mined upon after the trip of Mr.- Gould
and President Jeffery over the road last
I NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— Bourke Cockran
was severely injured to-day by being
thrown from his horse while riding about
his place at Sands Point, L>. I. There was
no witness to the accident.' Cockran was
riding ' a' spirited horse and was either
thrown. or the horse stumbled. When he
\u25a0was ' found- by friends he ' was . unconscious
on>the- ground and was suffering from
bruises and a : cut "on the head^ • from
which there was , a considerable fl6w of
blood. '.' He was taken home and is being
kept> exceedingly quiet. - t ' ." ' \u25a0' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0* \u25a0\u25a0
' The I attending physicians say Cockran
suffered a severe contusion of the brain,
but they" have found no fracture of tKe
skull. Dr. "William L. Cook, the physi
cian attending Cockran, said, to-night: ',
"Mr. " Cockran is resting comfortably.
He is badly bruised about the face, but
none of his bones are broken. I do not
know how' he happened to fall from his
horse "and did not. deem it ' wise to ques
tion' him. " I do not believe' that he , is
seriously Injured. I will make a more
careful examination in the morning. I
am sure .that there- need bo no alarm
about his condition."
Distinguished Orator Is
Severely iDJured at -
His Horned
HOBSE THROWS
BOURKE COCKRAN
WILD MAN ROAMS
HILLS OF SHASTA
Futile Attempt to Cap
ture Aged Maniac
> Near Keswick.
REDDING, Oct. 29.— A wild man is
roaming. the hills around. Kes wick. He
has been seen by several persons. and has
accosted one or two with incoherent
queries as to roads and directions.-. He Is
an old man, and when last seen, on Sun
day, his only attire was a battered derby
hat. .He runs through the brush scream
ing and . crying, • "I want 61 — number ' 51."
His body Is scratched and bleeding from
frequent contact with briars and rocks.
, D«puty Sheriff. Jeff : Crum tracked the
man along Rock Creek for some \u25a0\u25a0 distance
by--hl8 barefoot prints in the sand. '. He
could hear the cries of the demented man
ahead of him, but did not succeed in com
ing within sight of him before the unfor
tunate creature disappared In the brush.*
The wild man has been seen by several
travelers to run f rohi the - roadside and
mount steep hillsides in a manner indi
cating his abnormal strength. The offi
cers are of the opinion that the maniac
has escaped, from an insane asylum. His
looks and actions indicate that his \ de
mentia; is of long standing. If he be. not
captured before another rainstorm sweeps
the hills' he probably will die from ex
posure.
roads and that 'the Influences which have
long been »potent j in the operation of the
lines no longer avail. The s«rles of
J. M. . Herbert arrived in this city from
St." Louis on June 21 of this yipar." He
was ; formerly connected with the Iron.
Mountain .Road. On, July 10 Jerome A.
Fillmore retired, as manager of the Pa
cific system of .the. Southern Pacific and
Herbert was appointed to his j place by
President Charles* M.-v Hays." --Manager
Herbert resigned on October 6, a "day af
ter President Hays,: from -the service of
the Southern Pacific Company. Before
leaving for Denver he was banqueted by
the general officers of the company. Dur
ing his brief administration in this city
he made a host of friends. He demon
strated that he was an up-to-date rail
road'man and a. splendid operative offi
cial. • - ;
week. \u25a0 It Is believed that the changes
will extend to the -freight and passenger
departments of the Denver and \ Rio
Grande, now also In charge of the Rio
Grande Western. The new men who w'll
be "at the helm In the operation of the
roads are the special representatives of
Mr; Gould 'or interests that are Identical
\u25a0with his; . The road .will now be operated
In perfect harmony with the management
of the Gould roads at St. Louis. Indeed,
it is reported that the Colorado roads will
be operated from St. Louis- as general
headquarters. .The president's office may
be removed to that city. '
THE S^ FRANCISCO
Prominent Railroad Official Who Was
Pacific Company in This. City Is Selected for ari^: Important Execu
tive Position at the Denver ; Headquarters' ;. of the; Corporation
HERBERT WILL BE THE MANAGER
OF THE DENVER AND RIO GRANDE
FORMER SOUTHERN PACIFIC OF
FICIAL WHO "WILL. CONTROL
: AFFAIRS OF THE RIO GRANDE.
3
? DR. KILMEK'S ! SWAMP-ROOT.
womms kidneys;
Thousands of Women Have Kidney Trouble and
Never Suspect It.
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, SWAMP-'
ROOT, Will Do for. You, Every Reader of The Call
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Among 1 the many famous \u25a0 cures of any housewife whose back 13 too weak to
Swamp-Root investigated -. by- The Call, perform her .necessary work, who is al-
none seem to speak higher of the wonder- ways tired and overwrought, who feels
ful curative properties of this great kid- that the cares of life are more than she
ney remedy than the one we publish to- can stand. It Is a boon to the weak and
day for the benefit of our readers. • ailing. . . .
- Mrs.; H. N. Wheeler of 117 High Rock St., _*»°°* J5:ii::^!'«. <
Lynn. Mass., writes on Nor. J. 1900: "About • &T^ ' •
18 months ago I had a ' very severe spell of *?J'£-^»
sickness... I tvas extremely sick for three'. - fKX^fr ' 4£§*'3Sv^§S X* ff
wt^k», and when 1 finally .was able to leave . -Q, \» i\
my bed I \u25a0'vas left with excruciating: pains «// \u25a0f»S^^^^F"^ r '"^ r ~. Vlft
1 1 my back. My water at times looked very ,// _, v.v?
like coffee. I could pass but little at a time. in i^m*LK»asS? v jSl^S:9 V <y
and then only after suffering great pain. My :// »?P?£^? ! SsSs»^*'^ \Sv
physical condition was such that I had no '11/ •5_§>2??1mJ2^'^ t£ *&3!£ZjA \ itj\
strength and was all run down. The doc- ' \lj 2_3?ff*l&<g*j j£&JiA v'l
tors £ajd my kidneys were not aCected, and /v W§Sf{S5^ tS&J \H
Did Not Know I Had r \
Kidney Trouble, V 0 \ 'Kwn! '
I somehow felt, certain that my kidneys • ,«\ //, \W/m. Jmn\ I Iww )
were tha cause of my trouble. My sister. Ji w/ZZ/s -23&l%>-'4F?Wi » fi UVw^ I
Mrs. C. E. Littlefleld, of Lynn, advl.ed m» <» Ilf/////£3^M?&'*'^?* ilMvWX I
to elve Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root a trial. ' V 'l/////,IR$$SK S yw%>'& !11^ /tWOTASS i
I F:ocured a bottle and Inside of three days wJ/////MiSi \33&&>- A\\\$$$X> S
commenced to get relief. I followed up M W/////)^^^^k2> / W\W^ J
that bcttle with another, and at the com- V* /m^^^^^T^ M^WsS^i'l
pletlon of this one. found I was completely J'Jp\/w%*5HEgkSi5? ai *«_r~ KW^SSy/?!
cured. My . strength returned and to-day I - wSftfc-S^islili
am as well as ever. My business is that of Jt _3«^_H^|__SS--«^^^®^»i \\ V
canvasser. I 4m on my feet a great deal •^^IC^SR^^WS^iiV
•rthe time and have to use much energy In • VKV VV V
getting around. My cure Is therefore all *^\«VC^W>Vv^
the more remarkable and Is exceedingly ' '•^^\>X>^^Vy k _L«J^
Bm _^ '. **^ s - H - N - WHEELE «- '- MRS. H. N. WHEELER.
Swamp-Root will do Just as much for
•\u25a0 \u25a0 It used to be considered that only urinary and
Uaw tft PinH _^I14 > bladder troubles were to be traced to the kidneys.
" \u25a0**»» *V "T 111 ** WMl but now modern science proves that nearly all dta-
- If Yah M__H eases have their beginning in the disorder of these
V:;..|l TOU llCCU most important orsans.
O... ___..- _»' _;* • The kidneys' filter and purify the blood— that is
OW3inP"nOOti their work. So when your kidneys are weak or out
' . ._'\u25a0-, _V 3. \u25a0• . of order you can understand how quickly your en-
tire body Is affected, and 'how every organ seem%-to fall to do its duty.
! " If you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking the famous new discovery, Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon as your kidneys are well they will help all
the other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
Many women suffer untold misery because the nature of their disease Is not cor-
rectly understood; in most eases they are led to believe that womb trouble or female
weakness of some sort is responsible for their many ills, when In fact disordered
kidneys are the chief cause of their distressing troubles.
Neuralgia, nervousness, headache, puffy or dark circles under the eyes, rheuma-
tism, a dragging pain or dull ache in the back, weakness or bearing down, sensa-
tion, profuse or scanty supply of urine, with strong odor, frequent desire to pass It
night or day, with scalding or burning sensation— these are all unmistakable signs
of kidney and bladder trouble. .
If there is any doubt in your mind as to your condition, take from your urine on
rising about four ounces, place It in a glass or bottle and let It stand twenty-four
hours. -If on examination it Is milky or cloudy, if there is a brick-dust settling, or
If small particles float about in it, your kidneys are in need of Immediate attention.
Other symptoms showing that you need Swamp-Root are sleeplessness, dizzi-
ness, irregular heart, breathlessness, sallow, unhealthy complexion, plenty of ambi-
tion, but no strength. . .
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and Is used in the leading hospitals, recom-
mended by physicians In their private practice, and is taken by doctors them- .
selves, because they recognize In it the greatest and most successful remedy that
science has .ever been able to compound.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, you can pur-
chase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar bottles at the drug stores everywhere.
EDITOR-IAXi NOTICE — Swamp-»Root. the great Kidney, Liver and Bladder
remedy, is so remarkably successful that a special arrangement has been mads
by which all- of our readers who have uot already tried It may have a sample bot-
tle sent absolutely free by mall. Also a book telling all about kidney and bladder
troubles and : containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men and women cured by Swamp-Root In writing-, be sure and
mention reading this generous offer in the San Francisco Dally Call when sending
your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blnghamton, N. Y.
ADVEBTISETyrF.TrTS.
The fact remains
\u25a0 that after the most
severe test you
can put it to,
Fels-Naptha soap
insures sweet,
white clothes with-
. out any boiling.
Fels-Naptha soap
saves half the time
and half the work
as practice proves, t
Guaranteed,or
money refunded.
Pe.« & Co., Pfailada.
Gray, Lang & Stroh (Inc.). San Francisco.
STATEMENT
; OF THE —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— OF THB —
Fidelity and Deposit
COMPANY ,-\u25a0\u25a0;. ;\u25a0;
OF \u25a0 BALTIMORE, IN" THE STATE OF
Maryland, on the 31st . day of December,
A. D. 1900, and for the. year ending; on that
Cay. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.- 7. '-
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $1.500.000 06
ASSETS. *
Real Estate owned by Company $600,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and '
Bonds owned by Company 3,364.857 00
Cash in Company's Office 4L61J 14
Cash In Banks 277,971 57
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion • 97.372 OS
Total Assets .$4,381,313 73
• ' -
>•" LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid........... $4,479 g9
Losses in process of Adjustment or
la Suspense 45,127 $1
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 105,553 39
Gross premiums on Risks ; runninr
one year or less, - $ ; rein-
surance 50 per cent 650,248 39
Total Liabilities $805,409 43
INCOME. . =====
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums .V.... $1,138,262 47
Received for Interest and - dividends
on Bonds; Stocks. Loans and from '.'
all other sources 135.671 43
Received for Rents ' 28.453 S2
Received from all other sources....:. 73,743 53
Total Income ....$1,386,130 75
. * i; J- EXPENDITURES. ".'
Net ar _; \ paid for Losses (includ-
lnr >?•. )..., losses of .previous
years) .;.... ;............:; $371,259 86
Dividends to Stockholders. «... \u25a0;....;;' 262,447 50
Paid or allowed .for Commission or •\u25a0:
Brokerage.' 279,26184
Paid for Salaries. Fees and " other
charges for officers, clerks, .etc.... 77,535 04
Paid for State. National and Local -
taxes 82.319 11
All other payments and expenditures 179.391 44
Total Expenditures :.!... ...$l«222,l>14 29
EDWIN WARFIELD, President.
HARRT NICODEMUS, Ass't Secretary.' *\u25a0 "•-,
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 8th
day of January. 1901. - FRED B. • AXTELL,
. Notary Public./
FRANK L. GILBERT^
GENERAL AGENT, •
ROOTVIS i2-4-:25 '
Tenth Floor-Mills Building,
. \u25a0•\u25a0. San Francisco. ~ '
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE — -
London Assurance
Corporation
(INCORPORATED A.D. 172O)
OF I.ONDON, ENGLAND^ ON THE J1ST
day of December, A. D. 1900. and for tho
year ending on that day. as made to the In*
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 610
and 611 of tha Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner;
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
' Bonds owned by Company $1,930,973 TS
Cash in Company's Office 1.473 04
Cash In Banks.... 233.413 87
Interest duo and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 5.SS3 53
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion • -.-•- 201.187 72
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Btsks 132 71
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 14,314 SI
Total Assets 12.447.(77 OS
LIABILITIES. ~
Loraei adjusted and unpaid.. (93.301 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 51.30* CXI
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 27.700 04
Gross premiums on Fire Risk* run-
ning one year or less, $810,792 83:
reinsurance 50 per cent S05.236 3S
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one- year, $880,-
801 13; reinsurance pro rata 436,523 U
Gross Premiums on Marine Time
Risks. I ; reinsurance SO
per cent J3.33S 12
Amount reclaimable by the insured
en perpetual Fira , Insuranca pol-
icies IMS*
All other liabilities -.. 88.4C8 »
Total Liabilities S1.033.S67 23
INCOME. " 7 '<
Net cwh actually . received for Flro
premiums ••••• $334,630 93
Net cash actually received - for Ma- -
rlne premiums \u25a0......_........ 343.205 54
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 72,518 28
Received from all other sources 2,345 29
Total income ..51,278,433 04
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid i for \u25a0 Fire Losses .
(Including $ losses of pre-
vious years) ............*...... 1313.852 85
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including S losses of pre-
vious years) 133,731 23
Paid or allowed for' Commission or
Brokerage ...:. 201.725 17 »
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 83,527 83
Paid for State. National and Local *.ta*r«
taxes .:....'. . — ... 44.57932 -
All other payments and expenditures 62.301 6S
Total Expenditures ........I1.106.8S? 90
Losses Incurred during the year..... 1721.343 45
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year JUJ.334.S74 $1,068.347 00
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
-year ..:.............. 111.C64.613 187.S1S 13
Net amount in force ,
December 31; 1900.. 153.096,811 1.491.777 83
MarineRisks. Premiums. ~
Net" amount! of Risks
• - written during the
year- - $101,958,751 $840,523 34'
Net amount of Risks
. expired during the
year.:.. l 99.82S.832 835.137 54 -'
Net amount In. force I \u25a0 '.
December 31. -1SC0.. 6.308.264 | 35.358 13 •
~ -./.\u25a0\u25a0 :" . CHARLES L. CASE. Manager.
Subscribed . and sworn to before me this 35th
day of January.. 19C1. EMIL FRENKEL.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,;
221 SANSOME ST\y ;
• . •.. . t y San Francisco.
GEO.'Fv GRANT - - Manager.
l>i_> TT C XI 17 Q for barbers.' bak-
bk u 5 nh:> tz^rssEs- ta b oY£
brewers. - bookbinders, • candy-makers, canners, •
dyers, • -flourmillSk \u25a0' foundries, laundries, . paper- >
hangers, \u25a0 printers, nainters, . shoe factories,' •
stablemen, tar-roofers.. tanners. 1 tailors, etc..
- BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturer*, 609 Sacramento 6»
\. ADVEBTISEMEITTS.
'MfllNffl
SALE
ITbe followlr.g choice and select list of
improved and unimproved properties will
Ve aold for the heirs of the late William
K. Piper, at our salesroom, Monday, Ko-
tem'ber llttu 1901. at 13 o'clock noon.
Subject to confirmation by the Superior
Court. Gustave H. Umbsen. Sole Referee.
J . ; |
212 WASHINGTON STREET.
Between Front and Davis streets. Im-
provements consist - of - frame building-.
Beat $60 per month." Lot 22x120 to Oregon
street.
712-714-716 KEARNY STREET,
Southeast v corner of Merchant street.
Improvements consist of a substantial
three-story and basement brick building,
containing two stores end lodging-house.
Bents $300 per month. Lot 40xCS:9.
_______ .•>_ . v ,\u25a0 '
624 MARKET STREET,
Between Montgomery and Kearay. Im-
'\u25a0 pronements) consist of & two-story and
'basemeat brick building:. Rent $375 per
month. Lot 20x80. i-V
AND 1458
r; FRANKLIN STREET,
? Southeast comer of Bush. This choice
lnveistinent consists of two corners with
five elegant two-story and basement
houses of 14 rooms and bath each. Rents
. $315 per month. Lot 120x114 :«. -• \:*
ALSO
Two desirable building lots 25x120 * each.
Fronting on Bush street and Fern avenue.
237-239-241-243 AND 245
THIRD STREET,
JCortie—srt corner of Clementina, street,
between Howard and Folsom streets. Im-
' provementfl consist of frame building, con-
tairing six stores. Rents $121 per month.
X^ot £Qx2O5w
1451-1453-1455-1457 AND 1459
FRANKLIN STREET.
Southwest corner of Bush street Choice
Investment, consisting of two corners.'
with flve ele-_nt two-story and basement
resi Senses of 14 rooms and bath each.
Rests $359 per month. Lot 120x144:9.
1212 TO 1226 POLK STREET,
iSouueast corner of Bush" street This
choice business property consists of two
corners and is close to the transfer point
of Sutter and Polk streets. Improve-
ments consist of S stores and f flats with
frame building. No. 1223. Bush street
Rents $231 -pKT month. Lot 120x100. 1_ree
frontares.
219 FRONT STREET,
Between California, and . Sacramento
streets. Improvements consist of a two-
story and basement brick building. Rents
JHO per month. Lot 25x57:6.
225 AND 227 THIRD STREET,
Southeast corner of Tehama street.
Choice business corner. Consists of frame
Improvements, containing store and flat
above. Rent 160 per month. Lot 20x80.
NORTHEAST CORNER SUTTER
AND GOUGH STREETS.^:
This choice corner would pay hand-
somely If properly Improved. Lot 70x123.
Three frontages.
_
MCALLISTER STREET,
Near junction of Market and Jones
streets. This choice "business property
could be made to yield handsomely If
properly Improved. Lot 123x87:6. Irreg-
CITY HALL AVENUE,
Between Leavenworth and City Hall
B<juare. Two choice building lots. 25x100
each.
BUSH STREET, SOUTH SIDE, BE-
TWEEN LARKIN AND POLK.
Bight desirable and choice building lots,
25x120 each. Two frontages. To be offer-
ed f eparately.
SOUTHWEST CORNER BUSH
AND LARKIN STREETS.
Four desirable building lots, consisting of
two corners, 27:6x30 and 35x112:6 each.
GIFT MAP NO. 3.
Elsie street, west line, between Esmeralda
and Virginia streets. Lots 361-366-367 and
2& 25x70 each.
POTRERO.
Portion of Block 520. Lot 200x200. Three
frontages.
Portion of Block 518. Lot 100x150. Two
fror. tares.
Portion of Block 513. Lot 100x400. Three
frontages.
Portion of Block 51*. Lot 100x400. Three
frortaces. .
Portion of Block 441. Lot 100x400. Three
frortaces.
Portion of Block 466. Lot 100x400. Three
frontaj-is.
Portion of Block 492. Lot 100x300. Two
frontages. /
Portion of Block 475. Lot 100x300. Two
fror.tases.
Portion of Block 512. Lot 100x200. Two
frortaces.
For catalogue and further particulars,
i appy to
A G. H. UMBSEN & GO..
14 Montgomery St.
. ADVEBTISEMENTS. :' \ .
B: KA^SCpNSKL
S| I VENTIUTEb JfeyU?
* Specially \u25a0made for men Ta . lr\
A\ sufferlnj:;, from perspiring Xj^ I EL
vV feet. /\u25a0 No ; more Iburning;-^^ ,// " J^
\ and aching. No damp __^MK- // _m
>9L sox. The circulation- of W fF&A \\ m
f^j air keeps, the feet cool fkfRW ! f**
I and natural. Made of. the ,|
1 . \ best- vld ; kid, ; velour; calf V, : :*t Y^
1/1 and box calf on either styl- __S^ a
I 1 ish wide coin toes Jahd tips '--r'Z^'^M^
KT^ or broad 'plain toes. > Hand ; -1^ __f' ' :/
The Price,; C^OO 1 f^J^
10 THIRD STREJET. San Francisco.
• UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STAXEMENT
CONDITION^AND AFFAIRS
OF THB •>>:
North Cer man life
I INSURANCE COMPANY
OP" HAMBURG. GERMANY. ON THB »ST
day of I>ecembeT, A. I>. 1900, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by {he Commissioner. : -. •
: assets, v
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. $53,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and -
Bonds owned by. Company 371.268 23
Cash In Company's Ofnce l.W« 65
Cash in Banks 11,970 05
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans A. ; 1,250 S2
Interest due and accrued on Bonds and
Mortgages ' 829 81
Premiums in due Course of Collection 13,251 92
Due from other Companies for reln-
| surance on losses already paid.:.... 8,088 32
Certificates of Deposit in hands of
Trustees 79,327 13
Total Assets ...........'... ......$616,628 85
. LIABILITIES. , - . .- . .
Losses adjusted and unpaid U, 426 43
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense '- • 13,603 57
Losses resisted, including expenses... 19,900 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- .
nlng one year or less, $355,184 97; re-
insurance 60 per cent 177.592 48
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- ...
nlng more than one year,. $211,016 51;.
reinsurance pro rata.............. 109,95135
All other, liabilities -45.73016
. Total Liabilities .........$371.224 64
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums . . "... ...4437,588 J8
Received - for : Interest on . Bonds and - -
Mortgages .* 4,59127
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from all V .,
other sources 14,808 80
Received from Home Office 69,696 88
Total Income ...............$526,685 23
-'\u25a0 EXPENDITURES. ~™
Net amount paid for" Fire Losses (in-
.' eluding $43,639 64, losses of previous
years) .....$403,583 69
Paid or' allowed for Commission v 'or
Brokerage ............................... 113,359 (3
Paid for Salaries, . Fees and ' other \u25a0
charges for officers, clerks, etc 23,186 42
Paid- for State, National 'and Local \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:-..
taxes 12,434 03
All other payments and expenditures. 24,739 65
Interest remitted to Home Office....... 15,667 68
*- Total expenditures ....$592,971 10
. >' -V^'i' Fire."
Losses Incurred during the year... ...$387.412 48
'. Risks and Premiums.,, Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount .of- Risks r . , :
• written . during ' the '
year,. $53,045,619 $669,903 S3
Net \u25a0 amount ', of -Risks -'y- '-
\u25a0 expired \u25a0 \u25a0 during the
year.... .,......:. 69,962,409 874,976 92
Net amount-. In force
December 31. 1900..:.... 43,063.876 666,20184
~ . • ADOLPH LOEB, U. 8. Manager.
-Subscribed and* sworn to. before me this 18th
day of January, 1901. '• ;
\u25a0 : MARK A. . FOOTE. Notary Publia.
WALTER~SPEYER,
Genera! -Agent f op. the . Pacific
Coast States and Territories,
225SANSOME STREET-
'.-"\u25a0•-' / San* Francisco. Cal.
v gffliA-M»y \u25a0 f INJECTION. • .-••;. «5 v
f^k CURE r f \u25a0
'\u25a0 S of the most obstinate cases of. Gonorrhaa i \u25a0 • ;
? and Gleet, enaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
. Z days ; nc other treatment required.' > - . - 5 \u25a0 -
5 - .. \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0- Sold by all druggists.. -^ \u25a0 '. {»\y tor. i C;: "c. ' O'Donnell "\u25a0 la "still , \n. th? "fight
and will certainly 'win .this time. \u25a0\u25a0. Be" sura
to Vote for. him for Mayor by writing:-, hfs
name with a lead pencil at head'ot blank'
Column. ,; \u25a0 i . v. . .• . : „ \u25a0.:/:\u25a0- • .* \u25a0:•
Pacific Parlor's Anniversary.
Pacific Parlor No. 10. of the Native Sons
of the Golden ."West will 'celebrate the
twentieth ; anniversary of Its institution
by & grand ball In Native Sons' Hall on
the evening of next Friday. The prome
nade preceding the dancing ls scheduled
for 8:30 o'clock. .-.-•;\u25a0 r . ~v.v .,.". .\u25a0----
Public Administrator.
T* J 2£ n rft l la . m ' Republican nominee for
Public Administrator, ought : to be sun
ported hy the- voters. It is true that
Thomas D. Riordan, chairman of the con
vention, is making a light against Mr
Farnham, but this opposition is not
grounded principle. The position of
attorney for tha Public Administrator is
oiie that Mr. Riordan- aspires to flu
Frank McGowan also has aspirations for
the. same position. It appears that Mr
Farnham declined to; engage "In advance
of the election the services of Mr Rlor
dan; therefore, the latter bolted the nom
ination of a convention over " which lie
yrsM elected to preside. As party issues
cut no figure in this local campaign .the
bolt i Is not E serious, f If there were' ten
thousand Riordans wanting the job of at
torney t the defection - might be alarminjr •
? ut Jff }M Te t}% \u25a0\u25a0 on j? r one> M r- Farnham
is not disturbed.': Qood r citizens desiring
fair : an* honest management of affairs
pertaining to the office, of Public Adminis
trator should vote for 'John Farnham "as
ho Is .worthy and capable. r < ';
you well, faithfully, honestly ' and independ
ently and a set of nominees who were named
by a-, convention which s was controlled by a
coterie of corporations and a coterie of eauallv
corrupt bosses... (Applause.) \u25a0: "ju»uy
poratlons supplying .water and light and other
public necessities to the citizens of San Fran
cisco. \u25a0•.'\u25a0\u25a0=:-.: \u25a0 * \u25a0'
Gentlemen,' we appeal" to you as citizens, as
men havlnsr the good of San . Francisco at
heart, to vote for us,- not because we are Dem
ocrats or Republicansr-there is.no such ques
tion lnvolved-*-but simply because we represent
horiesty and independence — independence, gen
tlemen, that ls the first requisite, because we
represent | independence In public life. (Great
applause.) .. . \u25a0 i /••'•*'
THe Issue Don-Partisan.
It* tvll parties, gentlemen. In days' gone by,
there have been discontented spirits, there has
been irritation, there hav^e been Just- charges
from one., party against another .party, but,
gentlemen,' we insist now that these things are
passed and crone forever. That v we stand here
as representatives of the whole , people of San
Francisco, as the plain people of San Fran
cisco, as the representatives of the . common
people . of San Francisco,' and i after all, gen
tlemen, : the place where the plain, : the pom
mon people of San Francisco and of the United
States belong . is - beneath the 1 flag ot Democ
racy. (Applause.) ' <<* \u25a0 - . '
I say - that, not at all ; losing sight . of the
issue that I .have, presented > as non-partisan.
I say that because every man in this audience
knows that the Republican Convention did not
represent the Republican ' party. ? Every man
knows I that the ; Republican Convention : was
nothing else than a coterie of corporations and
coterie of bosses. You ; know, gentlemen, that
in \u25a0 that convention I districts refused | to votd
when j called • upon to vote because they knew;
they could not cast their vote with Independ
ence and ' honesty " : and If they could not \u25a0 d»
that they . refused - to vote' at all. Ask your
Republican friends. Ask those Who controlled
the Republican Convention. ,. "Was it a free, in
dependent,. outspoken ; convention? 'You 'know,
gentlemen, = who controlled * it. . -Th« people «f
San: Francisco are called upon to choose! now.
The Parting of tlte Ways.
.They. are, at the parting of the ' ways. They;
have had in the last. two years honest men in
office."'. There; can r . be. no: denial : of. that' fact.-;
The* leading representative upon the Republican
ticket has: told you so. ':•*\u25a0;-\u25a0• .. '. '•. \u25a0 -.' ' : ' v -l-"-.
• Gentlemen, you are called upon -to- choose
then between a set of officials who-have served
years and years. Every man who . owned a
dollar's worth of property in San Francisco
at that time had the value of that dollar cut
In half by that agitation. Don't forget that,
gentlemen, when you come to vote at this elec
tion. Don't forget that to Kearneyism in San
Francisco was due many a foreclosure Of a
mortgage on a homestead,' many a suspension
of a business, many an assignment and many a
failure, j . ' . .'.'"': '-;•
A similar Issue to a' great extent Is presented
row before you. • Tou are Invited to do that
which If you own property will depreciate the
value of that property by 60 per cent. Every,
man who haa a dollar's worth of property in
vested in San' Francisco must know that the
election of a ticket i which typifies discontent
and agitation means stagnation 1 n San 'Fran
cisco, means that San Francisco will be stigma
tized throughout \u25a0 the United States aa a city
where it ls unsafe for capital to go,, where men
will not be protected if they invest their capi
tal there, and where you will be confronted by
an agitation and a discontent which* may ulti
mately end , In the confiscation of any property
that you may invest in there. . ;. :'. . \u25a0. \u25a0 .
Gentlemen, another thing. | Remember that in
days, gone by men have been driven from this
city, men of wealth; men 'of standing have been
driven from this city by Jealousy and by. hyper
crltlclsm and by discontent. We want = every
body who has been born' here and . made hia
money here and lived here as an honest citizen
to remain here : and j die ' here . and spend ; his
money here and help make San Francisco j the
great city that It should be. (Applause.)
No .Corporation-. Baiters.
Gentlemen, we are no corporation batters,' or
baiters of millionaires or baiters of any other
class. "We propose 1 to \u25a0 represent no class in San
Francisco. There can be In any municipal srov
ernment in the United States— yes, In the. whole
United Btates • there* can -be and there should
be but one . class, \u25a0 embracing . everybody • who
lives and dies , under the American flag. (Ap
plause.) , - . .',.- ' \u25a0 .. -•\u25a0:..:- .
Gentlemen, If wo are elected we , proDose . to
represent . the entire city of San Francisco; to
devote our energies to \u25a0 the beautifying I of the
city; to the Increasing of the riumber of parks;
to thOi improvements'. of 1 the ' streets; .to' the
proper regulations in moderation • anil as; the
law directs they shall be regulated oX ail cor-
CITIZENS' NON-PARTISAN PARTY.
TO the Voters of San Francisco: : • '= ;\ R ."*\u25a0/].,\u25a0.- ' '
• The late Joseph Britton and A. S. Hallidie, founders of the non-partisan move- •
ment, left us a record of unselfish demotion to clean government. Having been instrumen
tal in securing the adoption of the new charter, and in electing an honest government to
put it in motion, this party has not deemed it necessary to participate in recent elections." It
has, hovyever, maintained its organization, ready to act whenever any crisis in municipal
affairs threatened the .public good. •> : . y » ; ;,-. - : :V ; ; ' .
This party believes that' such a crisis; has occurred. . : . . " v^i ;! *'\u25a0'• \u25a0<"
Aggressive and*i greedy corporations, ; controlling public utilities and franchises, in com- \u25a0:--'
- bination with ievery^depaded b^^^ -on this city/ ha^e~'comv :
,~bine(i^to force a government, on the people. .. \u25a0 / < '• \
If this conspiracy should meet success, honest government will be dead for years to
come, and the people will be at the mercy- of corporate and official rapacity. - \u25a0
The Board of Supervisors now in office has been honest, intelligent and effective:
It has lowered water rates. - '* " j !
It , has lowered gas rates. / r : {\u25a0
It has lowered taxation. j T ,
It has lowered carfares for school children. V'i . \
It has improved street lighting. '.->'•
It has improved the streets. ' >-\: (.\u25a0.-;' \u25a0 -J
It has improved the municipal buildings. ; V ;\u25a0\u25a0•', ; ; . \u25a0\u25a0
It has paid the debts of the city. \u25a0"•":•• ..;': K? '\u25a0":. •\u25a0:'•" " : V V
As many as have been renominated should be re-elected. The all-important offices
are the Mayoralty and the Board of Supervisors.- i . . " " ,
; FOR" MAYOR. V . -
Joseph S. Tobin has been one of this best Board of Supervisors. We recommend his
election as Mayor. >•/.».-*
" FOR SUPERVISORS. /- i^ <
We recommend the election of the following eighteen Supervisors: ;
James P. Booth >_... -Incumbent. -Democrat Henry J. Stafford -—Incumbent. -Democrat
Samuel Braunhart-..: Incumbent- -Democrat A. Comte Jr..... „ -.Incumbent.. Democrat
George R. Sanderson ..Incumbent. -Republican James Butler. . . . ... :..... . . . -Democrat
Dr. A. A. D'Ancona .—Incumbent. -Democrat John Landers.. .—Democrat
H. U. Brandehstein".. -Incumbent. -Democrat Henry Payot -------- -Democrat
I Horace Wilson. - .. , . . Incumbent- . Republican M. ''•V. Samuels. . . — . .. ... .... .Democrat
Peter J. Curtis.. ..-Incumbent. -Democrat ' KnoxMaddox..— ...... — — ...Democrat
John Connor... — -.Incumbent ..Democrat Dr. Charles Boxton—^ Incumbent— Republican
Lawrence J. Dwyer - . - Incumbent— Democrat W. N. McCarthy . ... .Incumbent— Democrat
CITIZENS'- NON-PARTISAN COUNTY. COMMITTEE
•! \u25a0\u25a0;'\u25a0\u25a0 }§ : "\u25a0\u25a0; - ' -:"\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0:. .\u25a0:"\u25a0\u25a0:" ; G.-K; FITCH, Chairman! \ ,
: . '' . '. ' : : :^ ' ; ' .: ;•\u25a0.' C - '-\u25a0<?. BURR, Secretary./
San Francisco, Oct. u 29, .1901, V ._ z i\, . > ,* v , ' . ; . . • : v
IP 1 enthusiasm during 'a. campaign Is
any criterion to support in the vot
ing booth, the election of Joseph. S.
Ttobin to the chief magistracy of San
Francisco ls assured. In whatever
district the Democratic candidate for
Mayor has appeared, to whatever class of
audience he has spoken, the result has
always been the same. He has appeared
before audiences' coldly critical, he has
appeared before audiences prepared to rid
icule him. In every instance his frank,
strateht-froxn-the-shoulder, businesslike
manner ot discussing- the Issues of the
campaign and Btatingr bis attitude toward
them has turned criticism to open admira
tion and ridicule to warmest praise.
Conservative business men have become
lnfvsed with the candidate's enthusiastic
advocacy of thing's honest and clean. He
has inspired the workingmen with a be
lief in the sincerity of his declarations.
He has made friends wherever he has ap
peared, among men of all classes and of
every shade of political belief and as the
campaign progresses he is making more
friends for himself and the cause of clean,
honest, businesslike city government.
Tobin spent yesterday in a vigorous can
vass of the business districts. He was
at the Builders' Association on Bush street
and at tbe Builders' Exchange on the cor
ner of New Montgomery and Mission
etreets. During: the afternoon he made
the round of the Insurance offices and last
evening addressed three enthusiastic
meetings in three widely separated . dis
tricts. \u25a0'-\u25a0 ':'" '\u25a0' '-
He spoke first at Masonic pall. Four
teenth street and Railroad avenue. In
spite of the fact that the two other polit
ical meetings were advertised in the same
district and that he had appeared but a
few evenings before in this same hall,
there was an enthusiastic audience awalt-
Ir^g him. Richmond Hall,: on F*ourth av
enue and Clement street, was crowded to
the doors and at Saratoga Hall, 828 Geary
street, where he spoke last, hia reception
was such as has been accorded to no
other candidate during the campaign.
His address at Masonic Hall was as
follows: •'••\u25a0.V^v' - : \u25a0 :
Keystone of Constitutional Arch.
Mr. Chairman, ladies and gentlemen: From
the Inspiring and elevating words, "All men
are born free and equal," this country sprang
Into existence. Consider the words, ladles and
gentlemen; they are not "some men," a par
ticular class and proportion, a particular caste
of society, but. the words are "All men are
born free and equal." That is the keystone In
the arch, the constitutional arch upon which
this country rests. "All men are born free and
equal." In this city to-day, ladies and gen
tlemen, there is a ticket appealing to you lor
votes \u25a0which is In direct contradiction, in direct
opposition to that principle. The theory | upon
which that ticket ls based ls that all men are
cot free and equal; that all men are not equal,
because in making their nominations for office
they restricted their officials to one caste of
society, because some men are fit to be upon
this ticket, because they occupy a particular po
sition upon the Etaga of life. Other men are not
fit to be upon this ticket, not because they are
not honest men, not because they are not hon
orable men, not because they are not good citi
zens, but simply because they do not belong
to that- caste of society.
Gentlemen, remember It welL When the Dec
laration of Independence was signed the men
who created this country said. "All men are
equal." When the Labor Union ticket was
•placed In the field the men who created that
ticket said to the citizens of San Francisco,
"All men are not equal." That some men have
& right to official positions In this city and in
the government of this country, but others have
not, though they pay their taxes. Though they
discharge their duties as citizens In every re
spect, they are not fit for a place in the gov
ernment of this country because they do not
belong to a particular caste of society.
Issue That Confronted Forefathers. :
Gentlemen, the greatest conflict through
which this country ever passed was In defense
of the proposition that "all men are born free
and equal." The blood of this country was
shed In torrents, the money of this country
was poured out in an avalanche, the citizens
of this country piled their skulls mountain
high upon the valley of the Mississippi and
upon the valleys of all the Southern States in
defense of the proposition that "all men are
born free and equal. Abraham Lincoln, one
of our martyred Presidents, gave up his life
in defense of the proposition that all men are
equal.
Gentlemen, tbe Issue confronts you to-day as
it confronted our forefathers when they stood
upon the field of battle with their bayonets
fixed in the face of their .brother foe. The
same proposition exactly confronts you now.
It confronts you in another form, but it is
there Just the same. I say to you any ticket
that appeals to you simply because it is made
up of a distinct class of society, of a distinct
clique in society, is an un-American ticket. It
is not based upon American principles; it is
not based upon the principles that actuated
our forefathers, who laid the cornerstone of
this country. (Applause.)
Gentlemen, this may appear to you to be a
false issue, but do not mistake It. Every think
ing man will epeak to you as I have spoken to
you. If this country Is to. become the battle
field upon which the classes will meet in po
litical conflict, one party representing one ele^
nient : of society, another party representing
another element of society, that conflict' Is
bound to result in the destruction and the dis
integration of the greatest democracy that has
ever existed. The only danger. 1 the only pos
sible rock upon which the snip of state may
strike, is the possibility of conflict between
class against class, and any ticket that appeals
to you as honest, patriotic citizens simply be
cause it represents one distinct class of society
makes to you a-false appeal, makes to you an
appeal to which you ehould tum a deaf ear
more particularly In the case of an election
affecting only municipal offices. Municipal
government consists eimpjy in keeping in
P K r °J der ?. ur 2 wn n °u«*old. It ls ag
much a domestic affair, it ls as much an un
partisan affair, as the keeping in order of your
own cottage or your own house.
Were Given Fair Hearing.
TO>y should >*° n People here in the outlyinj?
districts vote for one ticket more than another'
Every householder In the outlying distrlctl of
San Francisco owes a debt of gratitude t^the
Democratic party (applause) for the simpleTrea
son. If for no other, that they have reduced the
bill this year Is reduced exactly so many dol
lars or eo many cents as the case may b£ and
after all. ladles and gentlemen, municipal gov
ernment is a case-nothing more-of dollars and
cents. Remember when you get your tax bills
that your taxes have" been reduced by the
Democratic party for the last two years and
as men who are willing- to repay a debt of
Bratifude which they owe to officials who have
made that reduction, you are bound to vote
for the Democratic party. (Applause) Re
member .another thing: These things may a - D
peal to you. Remember that when the men
from the outlying districts appeared before th«
Board of Supervisors and asked to have the
pound limits extended to the coutity line they
were given a fair hearing. They were allowed
to present their proofs, and don't forret sren
tlemen. that lft the face of that hearing and in
the face of the presentation of your proofs and
your evidence a pull was exerted against you,
the Fame pull which has proven bo potent when
exerted in other Boards of Supervisors. But
that pull was powerless In this board, as pow
erless as- every other pull that has been ex
erted In that board. Your case was decided
upon its merits, and upon Its merits it was de
cided In your favor. )
The candidate upon the Republican ticket
said a few months ago that this Is the best
Board of Supervisors that has ever existed in
San Francisco. Gentlemen, remember . that Is
the testimony of the leading candidate upon
the opposing ticket. But now he comes out
and saye that the reason this board was bet
ter than any other board, was because the law
made them better. (Laughter.) Gentlemen,
the argument Is absolutely- without founda
tion. Every moralist, every political economist,
knows that a man cannot be made good by
law. It has been proven' ae years and years !
Ia Baa Francisco have fipwn past tfiat op XWt*^
ter how honest, how upright, the law. if you
have not eot honest officials, tho result will
be dishonesty. So that to say that the offi
cials In office in the Board of Supervisors
chamber were honest because the law maa«
them honest is • an absurd argument. Those
men discharged their duty- to yvn. gentlemen,
in lowering your taxes, in extending your pound
limits and in a great many other ways, and
do not forget, gentlemen, when It comes the
proper time to cast your vote— do not. forget,
gentlemen, that you owe something- to the
Democratic party that has effected this for you.
and nothing to the other two parties . which
claim your vote. (Applause.)
At Fourth avenue and Clement streets
an enthusiastic audience awaited the can
didate for Mayor, who spoke as follows:
Keynote of Campaign.
Mr. Chairman, Ladie3 and Gentlemen: There
Is neither Democracy nor Republicanism In tne
operation and control of the«Geary-street fran
chise. That Is the keynote of this campaign.
I have come here this. evening to address you,
not as the representative of a political Pa«y,
but as a citizen desirous of effecting something
for the better government of San Francisco.
You people In the outlying districts \u25a0 of San
Francisco are directly interested in its pros
perity and-«rrowth- The suburbs of San Fran
clseo for their future prosperity are dependent
upon an Increase of population, and if tne gov
ernment of San Francisco is such that tne
water rates are higher, the facilities for light
ing poor, the streets dilapidated, the overflow
ing population, will be sent to Oakland. Ala
meda, to San Mateo and elsewhere.
There is one question that has already been
solved to a great extent, and that is as. to
the closing of the cemeteries. It was not
solved until after a long struggle. In that
Question was there anything present' but the
Issue of good citizenship? Was there anything
of Democracy or Republicanism in that? It
was simply a question of the better govern
ment of San Francisco, of the increased fa
cilities for lngrees and egress to San Fran
cisco from this part of the peninsula. It was
the question of removing a bulwark which pre
vented the proper growth of San Francisco In
this direction, and, gentlemen, remember that
the present Board of Supervisors solved that
difficulty in your fax'or; remember that you
attended there through your representatives,
presented your case, and upon the evidence
submitted the case was decided In your favor.
No Boss Influence.
Remember that this Board of Supervisors was
subject to no pull, was under the thumb of no
corporation, was influenced by no boss, j It was
simply an honest aggregation of honest men,
and that is the issue again presented to you
in this campaign. (Applause.)
The leading representative upon the Repub
lican ticket said the other evening that the
present Board of Supervisors was the best
board that San Francisco has ever seen. • He
said that a few months ago in the Palace
Hotel— I heard him say it. In explanation of
that now, which was an honest statement and
a truthful statement,- in explanation of that
now he says that they were honest because
the charter made them honest Gentlemen,
you kngw that this cannot be so. Men are
not honest because the letter of the law re
forms or purifies their character, hut because
they have honest hearts and honest characters.
You know that no matter If you piled the
statute books mountains high, you cannot make
one honest man.
Wells' Argument Puerile.
\u25a0 The argument that the present' Board of
Supervisors was honest because the char
ter made them honest is puerile and su
perficial. When the leading light upon the
Republican ticket said that this was the best
Board of Supervisors we ever had he did not
then contemplate the fact that he would prob
ably meet them upon the stump. He is now
endeavoring to explain away an honest state
ment of a patent fact. But, gentlemen, it is
too late. He has spoken the truth, and you,
gentlemen,- will pront by his advice, take him
at his word, and vote for that Board of Su
pervisors again. (Applause.) . -
The Geary-street franchise, he also says, is
not a question for decision at this time — that
the people will decide It hereafter; that he is
willing to leave It to the people. Well, gentle
men, why not submit it to the people now?
(Applause.) Let us submit It at this election.
(Applause.) If he has any opinion upon the
subject let him state it now upon the stump
and let the people decide upon the 5th of No
vember, whether he Is right or wrong. He is
afraid to meet the Issue. He says the charter
does not compel him to meet the. issue. I. say
the charter does compel him to meet the issue.
The charter is pledged to the acquisition • and
ownership of public utilities. You, gentlemen,
every man of you who voted for the charter of
the city and county of San Francisco- and
made that charter its fundamental law, pledged
his citizenship that the acquisition and control
of public utilities was a good thing for the city
and county of San Francisco.
Submit It Novr.
And If the opposing candidate wants- to sub
mit it to the vote of the people of the city and
county of San Francisco, now ia the time to
do it. We won't wait for another election; let
us submit it now.
The Democratic platform has taken the stand
that tbe acquisition and control of the Geary
street franchise is a good thing for the city.
The Republican platform Ignores It and re
pudiates it. You, gentlemen, from this dis
trict, sent- a letter to the Republican conven
tion asking them to put a plank In the plat
form pledging the party to the acquisition and
control of the Geary street franchise, and the
letter was Ignored and thrown aside. Gentle
men, an issue like this must be met. If you
nominate, or if you elect men who are indif
ferent—I won't say opposed, but I merely say
Indifferent— to the acquisition and control of the
Geary street franchise, once they get in office
they -will balk you and you can never submit
It to the vote of the people at the next munici
pal electlon< They will take advantage' of
every technicality, they will take advantage of
every resource that the law affords them, and
under the advice of astute corporation coun
sel those resources, those subterfuges, will be
many.
That question will never be submitted to you
If you elect men who upon tho stump say at
this time that this question Is not an issue,
whereas the charter says that the citizens of
San Francisco are . committed to the acquisi
tion of public utilities. . „. . -
We submit to you that we stand for the fun
damental law as we find it. We meet the is
sue and respectfully submit that we are enti
tled to your suffrages in preference to those
who have not only failed to meet the Issue, but
when confronted with it have stepped aside
and ignored it. . Gentlemen, I thank you. (Ap
plause.)
The meeting at Saratoga Hall was prob
ably one of the most enthusiastic of the
campaign. . The audience greeted Tobin
with cheers and at the conclusion of his
vigorous address every man rose to his
feet and cheered the candidate. The au
dience was representative of . the best
class of local citizenship. There were men
of every political faith and from, every
walk of life, all inspired with the same
spirit that has been the keynote of To
bin's entire campaign. ' The candidate
spoke as follows:
A Business Proposition.
Mr. Chairman, Ladles and Gentlemen: -I de- 
slre to thank you for the cordiality of this re
ception and to apologize for having: delayed
tbe meeting- to auch a late hour. I have been
compelled to go to various places in the city
and have been unable to get here sooner. <
I am endeavoring, ladles and gentlemen, . to
confine the Issue in this campaign . to princi
pally one proposition. - That - point has been
raised bo often and , your attention has been
directed to it so often that it . Is not for me
to repeat It now. It Is simply for me to re
iterate It for a moment, . simply to state that
it Is a business proposition. It is the proper
government of your own household. With you
all, ladles and • gentlemen, municipal : govern
ment consists In each man taking proper care
of his own domestic circle, keeping \u25a0 In ; proper
order his own household. Local questions - are
the only questions presented in this campaign.
The object of every citizen who votes at this
election is or should be the future prosperity,
the. future improvement and the future beauti
fying and keeping clean of the city and county
of San Francisco. .'..\u25a0' • - . \u25a0 .
Issue a Serious One.
In days gone by., ladles and gentlemen. San
Francisco suffered many a setback, due tr po
litical agitation, to economic agitation, to labor
agitation. In . the days of . 1878 .we were con
fronted by aa agitation which \u25a0 delayed and ob
structed the . nrosrrejss v of Baa" Francisco' tor
Addresses Three Enthusiastic Meetings in Widely
Separated Districts and Gains for the Side
of Honest Government Hundreds of Supporters
TOBIN CONTINUES TO INSPIRE
THE PUBLIC WITH CONFIDENCE
IN A VICTORY FOR HIS CAUSE
Lackmann Supporters Meet.
An enthusiastic meeting of the John
Lackmann Club was held last nfght at
909% Market street- C. B. Rode presided
and J. J. Donahue acted as secretary.
Reports from committees appointed t;>
canvass the districts reported 'that with
out regard to political, affiliations voters
were strongly in favor of Lackmann's re
election to the office of Sheriff. Addresses
were made by -Hon: Julius Kahn, T. J.
I>ugan. J. A. Klrby, C. O.' Burton, 31.
Scheppler, W. J. Horan, P. J. Kelleher,
Felix Gross, W. ?L. Cole. William Haere
man and William O'Shaughnessy. The
executive committee of the- club will meet
every evening at 1206 Market street.
THE Federation of Mission Im
provement Clubs, at Its meeting
Saturday night, appointed a com
mittee to interview the three can
didates for Mayor in regard to
their attitude in regard to the Southern
Pacific double irack through the Mission.
The committee has issued the following
statement of their work and the inter
views secured:
The" committee of the Federation of the Mis
sion Improvement Clubs, pursuant to the In
structions received from the club . Saturday
evening last, called upon the several candi
dates for Mayor to learn their sentiments and
feeling In regard to the granting to the South
ern Pacific Company of permission to lay
a double-track steam railroad through the Mis
sion district. :. . '
The first of the candidates seen- was. Mr.
Tob'n, who" said among other things;
' "1 promise to, use every legal means In- my
power, if elected Mayor, to cause to ' be re-,
moved the present tracks of the Southern Pa
cilic Company used as a steam railway pass
ing through the Mission district- and to compel
the said company-' to use its right of way -on
the bay shore/ and also to ' faithfully execute
the resolution of the Board of Supervisors re
quiring the removal I of the Bald tracks from
their -present position." \u25a0. \u25a0 .
The committee next called upon and inter
viewed Mr.. Wells, who said:
"I have thought myself that those tracks
should be removed, and that they have out
lived their time and should be taken up; that
ia my conviction. I do not. want to make any
pledges. -I do not Intend to Veto' any order
where the people are interested, that ia aa
against the people. There are a great many
things to be cbnsldered.and when a case comes
\u25a0up before me I want to be free. \u25a0 My conviction
as a citizen is that those steam car tracks
should be taken up. I have felt so' for a
long time, and I thought all the time that ths
railroad company Intended to do It. ' I know
Mr. Lynch. I think all my property down there
near Bay "View • would be benefited if they
went that way. He tells me it Is their In
tention to have their road removed over there.
Says He Is Free From Influence.
"I don't think it Is . possible to get fifteen
Supervisors to be in opposition to the wishes
of the people; that 13 • my flnn conviction.
When you get the consent of fifteen Supervisors
it | seems - to me that that Is the wish of the
people. :They come from all parts of the city,
and they are supposed to represent the wishes
of the people. In a case of that kind, if I be
came convinced that It was against the will
of the people I would want to interfere. I can
assure you that I am Just as free, as far as I
know, from any Influence of the railroad as any
of you gentlemen, and in all my public acts
I wish to be In accord with the people who are
Interested. * My conviction is that those tracks
should be removed from ' the Mission, and haa
been for some. time. It is evsry little while,
there- Is some one -Killed. Now, gentlemen, I
shall bo Just as much interested in the fight
as If I owned property and lived there. When
It comes 'before me I shall endeavor, to act as
near right as I possibly can. for the people. I
am under no obligation that I know of to the
railroad people.. They 'have never Insinuated
any wish) that I should b« interested for them.
I never, saw Mr. Herrin but once in my life,
anl on that occasion he did not ask anything
from \u25a0 me. • • If I \u25a0 am elected Mayor . I shall be
interested ' In the affairs : of the peoples,- and I
shall give these matters the same attention as"
If I was a Judge on the bench."
Wells Refuses to Give Pledge.
The committee then '.requested. Mr.- "Wells to
give •. them an ; assurance In writing, and ', Mr.
Wells said:,:. : V . '.-..:\u25a0' ... *-...•...' :,
\u25a0-:. "I do not think any of you should ask me
In a case of this kind, to give ' a pledg-e. I do
not believe the railroad is. entitled to any fur
ther , privileges; I "am 'firmly of 'that opinion;
they should have no further privileges In th«
Mission district."
The committee then called upon Mr. Schmlts,
who stated: "I am opposed to the granting to
the Southern Pacine Company of any mom
rights than they at the present time possess.
The said company possesses a franchise to op#
rate a line aloo? the bay shore and they should
not be permitted to operate a road through a
thickly settled portion of the city such aa the
Mission district.- I further belle-re, and If
elected Mayor will promise, that I will compel
the said railroad company, after the said tracks
have been removed, to repair • and put the>
streets in good condition, and not leave th«
same In the condition they have left , Basil
street." - -
Tobin and Schmitz Outspoken, While Wells Thinks
He Is Free From Railroad Influence. •
riotlsm of the delegates were not lnvoketl
in the make-up of the ticket. An appeal
for Republicans to give their support to
a ticket produced in this fashion is an in
sult. TJie plain truth Is that Herrin and
Burns fixed up the ticket to protect the
corporations. Money was contributed by
the corporations to hire Democrats to
vote the Republican ticket at the pri
mary election for delegates to the con-
Next Tuesday the voters will be asked
to decide whether the corporations or the
people shall rule the city for the next
two years. Business men of the Repub
lican party cannot afford to vote for men
who will reinstate the old order of mis
rule and extravagance in municipal af
fairs Some good haa been accomplished
vnder the new charter and the reform*
secured should not be surrendered. Re
publican merchants, workingmen and
tcxpaying citizens generally should not
only give their support to Mr. Tobin but
they should devote their time and energy
to the cause of good local government
Rnd help elect the Supervisors on the
ticket which Mr. Tobin heads.
Ashamed of Herrin's Ticket-
It will be observed that the men whey )
.Oght the Republican battles and win thtf-
Republican victories are not shouting ior^
Herrin's ticket. They are heartily
ashamed of the ticket and deplore the
fact that the .silly old gentleman who was
picked out to make the race for Mayor
refers to Herrin as the sole dispenser of
nominations. Just before the recent
change which placed the news columns
of the Bulletin under the business depart
ment a racy Interview with Wells was
published in that Journal.
The nominee balked and threatened to
come off. the ticket because he was not
allowed to name one candidate for Su
pervisor. The scene at the Pleasanton
Hotel was described. Max Goldberg, the
warrant shaver and Wells' confidential
political adviser, was alarmed. In nuj
haste to find Heirln and repeat Wells
threatened revolt he lost his presence ot
mind and hired a carriage to go to Her
rin's house. There was no thought or
hint of consulting Republican leaders or
Republican delegates. "Wells bluntly ac
knowledged that Herrin agreed with him
that B. P. Flint should go on the ticket.
Wells "Would Be Guided by Herrin.
"Wells obviously entertained the notion
that the Republican party of San Fran
cisco is a corporation ot which Herrin Is
the managing director. His election to
the office of Mayor would not change, his
mind In this respect. His recent' public
utterances signify, that whatjnttle mina
he has Is badly confused. His intention*
may be the best in the world, but if In
should be elected Mayor he would be
guided by Herrin and Burns Xo do tb.3
bidding of the corporations Interested In
"municipal .legislation. He fully recognize*
Herrin's hand as the hand that held oat
to him the nomination. What can b«
expected of a Mayor . that talks liks
Wells? If he now recognizes Herrin. as
the boss, wlir he not continue the recog
nition in the Mayor's office if the voters
should foolishly- place him there? Every
sense of duty devolving upon good dtl
ship suggests that Wells should be put
aside. His career of public usefulness
has ended.
.CANDIDATES GIVE INTERVIEWS
rr ON DOUBLE TRACKS IN MISSION
* \u25a0 \u25a0 ' \u25a0 '
THE magnitude of the demon
stration at Metropolitan Tem
ple last night . in favor of
Schmitz for Mayor and the
character of the utterances -made by
the speakers should convince the con
servative and law-respecting citizens
of San Francisco that it is their duty
to ' put aside party preferences and
support Joseph S. Tofcih for Mayor of
San Francisco. The elements of an
archy and industrial disorder are con
centrating to bring- about the election
of a labor candidate. Nominee Schmitz
in effect promises that if elected, the
police shall not protect merchants.
Schmitz will be defeated if the busi
ness men, property, owners and law
abiding citizens generally unite their
forces in behalf of Mr- Tobin's candi
dacy. ; If blind 'partisans, failing to
comprehend the full meaning of the
sentiments expressed at the # Temple
last night, continue to lend their sup
port to Wells and thus divide the
forces of industrial order, the candi
date of the labor agitators may be
elected.
Joseph S. Tobin, nominee for Mayor, is
securing large accessions of support from
conservative Republicans. His election is
now regarded aa certain. The direct, un
qualified indorsement of. Mr. Tobin's can-
by the Citizens' Non-partisan
Party insures his success at the polls
next Tuesday. '
The 'lines of action are now clearly de
fined. Citizens who pay; taxes to main
tain the City Government and who hold
that the administration, of affairs should
b© clean, progressive and free from cor
porate dictation, are falling into line for
Arrayed against Tobin and .chiefly be
hind "Wells are the wor3t elements of the
metropolis. The touts, gamblers and
rounders who thrive in. a "wide-open
town" and have no respect or regard for
the principles of dean municipal govern
ment, are telling respectable, hard-work
ing citizens thaf "Wells ought to be elected
because his name is on a ticket designated
as the Republican ticket. ' : •''.
• The Issue - Cannot* Be Obscured.
The issue presented 'to "the people who
axe entitled to. govern San .Francisco can
; not be" obscured'by party "designations,
The Wells ticket is the -ticket of the loot
ers and tax-eaters. In Its make-up dele
gates chosen to the designated Republican
local convention were rot consulted. "W.
F^ Herrln and D. M. Burns, assisted by
Revenue Collector Lynch and Warrant
Shaver Max Goldberg, met in secret at
a room in the Palace Hotel and passed
out the programme to the convention.
Every ballot was cast by the secretary.-
The Judgment, Intelligence and civic pat-
Splendid Indorsement of Tpbin's Candidacy by
Time-Honored Non-Partisans— -Danger Signals
Last Night— -Orderly Citizens Advised to Unite
CONTEST FOR MAYOR BETWEEN
TOBIN AND SCHMITZ, FOR WELLS
IS NOW THIRD IN THE RACE
ENTHUSIASM FOR TOBIN INCREASES WITH EACH OF HIS PUBLIC APPEARANCES
AND THOUSANDS ACCORD HIM ROUSING WELCOMES AT MEETINGS HE ADDRESSES
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CA^L, WEDHBSDAT, OCTOBER 30, 1901.
Calls Upon Voters to JCrushrAllied forces of Corr Preserve .
Safety of City by Supporting fobin and Present Supervisors.
CITIZENS' NON-PARTISAN PARTY
WARNS PEOPLE OF CONSPIRACY
THE LATE JOSEPH S. BRIT
TON, ONE OF THE NON-PAR
TISAN PARTY'S FOUNDERS..
THE LATE A. S. HALLII>IE.
ONE OF THE NON-PARTISAN
PARTY'S FOUNDERS.
GEORGE K. FITCH. LEADING
MEMBER OF THE NON-PAR
\u25a0 TISAN PARTY. .
4
_^V ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE¥mENT
• \u25a0\u25a0 ~ > — — \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0. ..**
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Packag* Sent by Mail
/ toAll Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had battled
for years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages^to all who write. It is a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
. any form of sexuat weakness resultlns
\u25a0 from youthful folly, premature loss To!
strength and memory, weak back varfeo
cele or emaciation of parts can now euro
; themselves at home. ( " UJO
. The remedy has a peculfarlv- >Tai»fnt
effect of warmth and seems" to acf dtoert
to tbe desired location, giving strength
and development just whe% it to SSS?
It cures all the ills and. troubles that Ion?;
from years of misuse of the natural fm?ct
tions and has been an absolute succes- in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 323 tlektron building • • »ort
Wayne. Ind... stating that you : desire °nl
of their free • trial packages, win t£?co\£-
plled with promptly. The Institute. Is dS-
sirous of reaching that great class df men
who are unable to leave home to bl
treated, and the free samples win enable
them to see^how easy It Is to be cur§d o!
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. : The Institute makes
no restrictions. . Any man who wrttra wTl!
be sent ar free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient needMahony-Nyland Club Formed;
- The ; Mahony-Nyland Club was : organ
ized last evening at Belvedere 1 Hall, 105
Fifth street, and- officers were elected:
Speeches were made by A. B. Mahony,- J:
S. Nyland, :J, F. Ahearn and Frank
Doherty, \u25a0 .. .
"Onion Labor Meeting.
Eugene Schmitz and other labor candi
dates addressed gatherings at Ocean
View and the Five-mile House last even
ing. Considerable enthusiasm was dis
played. The party then went to Metro
politan Hall, and later to Garibaldi Hall,
where. speeches were made. The even
ing's campaigning wound up with speech
making before the Royal Arch at B'nai
B'rith Hall. • \
Tobin Clubs Organized.
A Tobin C|ub has been organized In the
Forty-first Assembly District for the pur
pose of advancing the interests of Joseph
S. Tobin, the Democratic ; nominee for
Mayor. The club was organized last Mon
day night, when stirring speecehes were
made by the club's. officers. '\u25a0'\u25a0"'
The voters of. the Thirtieth District or
ganized a Tobin Club last night at Pyth
ian Castle and the roll was. signed by 250
members, who pledged themselves to se-"
cure the election of Joseph S. Tobin. The
club will meet again next Saturday even
ing at 8. ' \u25a0 . ."
\u25a0 There was an enthusiastic meeting last
evening at Becker's Hall in the Twenty-
Ninth District,- when a Tobin ' Club was
formed. - Those who signed the roll; an
nounced that they will canvass each pre
cinct and place the same under the super
vision of a member of the executive com-r
mittee. fttggSMM^aMCTiiU— JL»lH£»»wa«
A large meeting of : voters In the Fort»
Enthusiasm Shown, in Thirty-First
Assembly IMstrict for Present
District Attorney.
The Byington Club of the Thirty-first
Assembly District was organized last
night at Teutonla Hall. The attendance
was large and much enthusiasm for the
candidacy of the District Attorney was
manifested.
John A. Kelly was elected president and
D. J. Murray secretary of the club. A
campaign committee of three voters in
each of the sixteen precincts was ap
pointed.
William Alvord. John T. Greany and
Senator R. Porter -Ashe addressed tho
meeting-., praising the Integrity and abii
ity of Mr. Byington. Senator Ashe urged
those present to impress upon the friends
of the union labor candidates the fact
that their convention Indorsed Mr. By
ington for District Attorney.
BYINGTON CLUB IS FORMED.
A. E. Wray Resigns the Presidency
POLITICS CAUSES A ROW.
of the Barbers' Union.
The political wedge has made a split
in the Barbers' Union. On Monday night
at the regular meeting President A. E.
Wray tendered his resignation as pre
siding officer. The cause which led Pres
ident Wray to step out of the president's
chair was the fact that the union, con
trary to its rules and by-laws, espoused
the cause of Eugene E. Schmitz for
Mayor. President Wray favors the elec
tion of Joseph S. Tobin for the office of
Mayor. This fact dawned upon the minds
of the members of the Barbers' Union
and was considered by its members as
an act of treason on the part of its pre
siding officer. Rather than be placed in
a false position. Mr. Wray tendered his
resignation as president, still retaining
his mtnjbership in the union and reserv
ing his rights as an American citizen to
vote for the best man for the office.
In addition to the resignation of Presi
dent Wray, 250 members withdrew from
the union as soon as it was found that
Schmitz and his followers tried to drag
the Barbers'* Union into class politics.
As soon as President Wray tendered
his resignation there were several mem
bers clamoring on the floor to be heard
requesting him to reconsider his action
and remain as presiding officer, but to all
solicitations he was deaf, as he consid
ered that the usefulness of the Barbers'
Union as a labor organization departed
as soon as it went into politics.
connected with the" recent trouble. There
was nothing about the whole business he
could commend, but, on the contrary, its
pttcr blackness was worthy of the con
demnation of evei-y honest man. He re
ferred to Tobin as the political heir to
Mayor Phelan, to Captain Wittman as a
Judas, and to the Chief of Police as
"Shoot Low Sullivan." Continuing, he
said:
' If you want these things to continue vote for
Tobin. If you want Wittman to be Chief of
Police vote for Welis. (Groans.) Wells is
owned body, soul and breeches by the railway
company. If you elect Wells what will be
come of the Geary-street franchise? It will
be turned over to the railroad company. I tell
you, support the labor ticket! (Cheers.) The
Employers' and the Drgymen's associations say
that the Brotherhood of Teamsters will soon
disband and that Casey will have to look for
another job. I tell you we are here and we
mean to stay. In conclusion I ask you to vote
the labor ticket straight, and give the working
men of San Francisco a new deal.
Brief addresses by William H. Hutten
and'Thomas F. Eaean followed.
Before Eagan had finished his speech
Eugene E. Schmitz appeared on the plat
form. His entrance was the signal' for
a storm of applause, which did not abate
for some minutes. Men got on their
chairs and howled, while others waved
their hats and cheered. It was a demon
stration which proved the popularity of
the labor standard bearer and indicated
beyond question that he will prove a for
midable factor in the great struggle of
Tuesday next.
Schmitz Denies Charges.
When Schmitz was permitted to speak
he thanked his audience for their dem
onstration and said that The Call and
Chronicle would probably say in the
morning that the meeting was poorly at
tended and that it lacked enthusiasm.
This was greeted with applause. Resum
ing, he said:
I have been charged with making a compact
with the. Examiner to place its friends In of
fice. I declare on my honor as a man that "I
have made no compact with any newspaper or
any interests or parties whatsoever. I stand
unpledged. . . .
Tobin says, this is a contest of good citizen
ship and honesty. I accept "this statement" and
in reply will say that my citizenship and hon
esty will compare favorably with Tobin' s.
That is not the Issue. The question is, shall
we elect a Mayor who is dominated by the rail
road company and political bosses? If you
vote for Wells you vote to place the city in
control of the corrupt political bosses and the
railroad company. If you vote for Tobin you
place your seal of approval upon the adminis
tration of Mayor Fhelan and of the corrupt
Board of Public Works. Between the tickets
there is but one road which leads to a brighter
future for the laboring classes, and that road
lies in the labor ticket. (Cheers.)
Mr. Schmitz concluded with an appeal
to the workingmen to vote the labor
ticket straight. He promised if elected
to be Mayor of the whole community and
not of a class. He was wildly cheered
when he said that under his administra
tion no policeman would be allowed to
rfde en trucks.
The meeting closed with three cheers
for Schmitz, Furuseth and the labor
ticket.
.* SA R. WELLS, is beginning to
«?\ show the strain of campaigning
jfc=*A both physically and mentally. He
A )\ made two addresses last night,
and both were heavy with piati
tudes. He was to have delivered a third
address at the Potrero, but his managers
thought it would be too much of a strain
on his health, so that district was not
visited by him. The voters of the Potrero
in consequence "will have to be content
with reading what he said at the ether
lialls.
The meeting of the Fortieth District
Republican Club at Franklin Hall, on
Fillmore street, near Bu:5h, -was first on
the itinerary. Mr. Wells arrived early,
accompanied by Sam Shortridge, Lucius
Solomons, J. C. Wilkins, Charles Corey,
Edmund Tauszky and a few other can
didates and- orators. When Mr. Wells ar
rived the small hall was partly filled with
voters. There were fully, as many ladies
in the gallery as there were men down
stairs.
Colonel J. C. Giesting escorted Wells to
the platform. As they proceeded toward
the stage there was considerable hissing.
Cheers were given for Tobin, linally cul
minating in a demonstration for Mr.
Wells. Colonel J. C. Giesting presided
and called the meeting to orcier. After
a song by the Waterman Sisters, entitled,
"I Don't Care if I Never Wake Up," Mr.
Wells arose and made the longest speech
lie has as yet delivered. He spoke as
follows:
Wells' Extraordinary Effort.
Ladies and gentlemen: If there is in this
great Republican district one Republican who
should not vote for me at this coming elec
tion, I do not know what the reason is. I have
always been a Republican. I have always used
my beat efforts in the interest of good govern
ment, and if you should elect me to that great
office I shall feel my responsibility to you. I
shall feel that I must and will do everything
that becomes an honorable gentleman to do in
the interest of the people. It has been said
that I belong to some of these big corporations,
to the money kings, to the bosses, and 1 do
not know what else. I have been charged with
most everything that one can be charged with
as being wrong, not just what it should be,
but I know that those charges are all untrue.
It has been said that I was a»Prohibltlonlst, I
believe. I don't know where they ever got
that from. I certainly never was a drunkard.
I take a glass of beer now and then and a drink
of whisky, and I always keep the finest kind
of liquors in my own house, but I am not a
drunkard. I do not associate with drunkards.
I do not frequent those places with side doors.
I do not go down on the Barbary Coast and tell
them there: "If you elect me I will see that
you will have an open town here; that you can
run all night and do what you have a mind
to. I have been charged with that, even. A
committee visited me not long ago to have me
explain something that I advocated very
strongly in the Legislature. There is one place,
.ladles and gentlemen^ that I have not reached,
yet. It is the Legislature. Now they wish me
to make some pledges regarding this Geary
street franchise. Why, I don't know what
pledge a man can make in that respect. That
is a question that belongs to the people,
not to the Mayor, not wholly to the Supervisors.
The people have something to say about that,
and yet I understand that the. Mayors who
are associated together in some way say they
wish me to define myself upon those questions.
I really cannot understand what they want in
that respect. The charter clearly points out
what to do In that matter, and our platform
upon which I stand clearly defines those ques
tions. But after all, ladies and gentlemen, it
depends upon the man largely, upon what w«)
will do with these \ great public questions. I
have been a business man, a very busy man
with affairs, all my days. I have walked up
rightly. Nobody charges me with any bad
faith. One place downtown I was in business
thirty-five years. I visited that place to-day,
put in a whole afternoon round among my
old acquaintances, and it was a pleasure. I
was met with such cordiality, from working
men coming from all around in every direction
to see me; shook hands with me; recognizing
me as a man that had been the workingman's
friend for many years. I had been charged
with being opposed to the eight-hour law and
other ways, not a friend to the common peo
ple. That is all untrue. Years ago I used to
run my planing mill ten hours. I paid large
wages. I reduced the hours, and up to the
last day I ran my mill I paid my men the
same wages I paid them twenty-five years ago
It Is not pleasant, my friends, for me to make
all these explanations. It would rather seem
that I was on the defensive. That is not th<»
case. Those who know me best know that I
have no occasion to make any apologies. La
dies and gentlemen, I thank you for this re
ception.
Visits the Colored Voters.
At the meeting of the Afro-American
League at Apollo Hall Mr. Wells selected
John Brown as his topic. He reached
the hall about 10 o'clock, and as the
chairman had thrown out hints that there
was something good' to eat in another
room Mr. Wells cut his remarks short
He said:
My friends: I have often wondered why any
intelligent man should not be a Republican,
and above all I have wondered why every col
ored man should not be a Republican. I know
of none .that is not, I am glad to say The
Republican party commenced with . Abraham
Lincoln; and the colored man, as you know
owes much to Abraham Lincoln. I was brought
up in that part of the country where they used
to pass colored men from the South to Canada
I was in that Garrett Smith country. I was
born at the foot of .the Adirondack Mountains—
those great mountains in New 'York, in Eight
of the grave where rest the ashes of John
Brown. At his head is a great granite bowl
der that will stay so long as this world exists.
John Brown's memory will last aa long as
that granite bowlder; that great act of John
Brown, who gave up. his life, as he believed
in the interest of the colored man. And now'
my friends. I don't know as you care to hear
about the issues., as they call it. All the issues
you care about Is a good government, and has
not the Republican party always srlven you a
good government? Don't you feel that you are
safer in the hands of the Republican party
that party which has always brought about
those great Improvements — those great issues
for the benefit of mankind? The party" of
progress? The honorable party— the Republi
can party. As I said before, gentlemen I be
lieve every one of you are going to vote the
Republican ticket this year. I think you will
make no. mlFtake if you do ps I shall do and
vote that ticket from top to bottom.
S. M. Davidson, president of the league
presided, and speeches were made bv
Rev: Dr. Brown, pastor of ZIon Methodist
Episcopal Church; Harry Baehr. Charles
H. Stanyan, Thomas Collins. Dr C A
Glover, Dr. J. H. Kelley of the Third
Baptist Church. T. B. Morton, president
of the State Afro-American League * and
J. M. Wilkins. '
fourth District was held last evening !n
"Washington Square Hall and a Tobin
Club was organized amid, enthusiasm. One
hundred and twenty-six signed
the roll and each grave his pledge to work
earnestly for the election of Joseph S. To
bin for Mavor. .
IT was distinctively an aggregation cf
hardy sons of toil that greeted the
Union Labor candidates in Metropoli
tan Hall last evening. That the work-
ers, who filled the hall to overflowing.
were most earnest in their support of the
labor ticket and all that unto It apper
tains was evidenced by the tremendous
applause each telling point made by the
various speakers <• evoked.
It was Just such a mass-meeting of par
tlsans as would lead the student of eco
nomics to the conclusion that a newly
bora party/ born as the Union Labor
party was born, is a highly significant
event fraught with danger to the old-lme
organizations.
The Wells 'supporters in the audience
saw in the spirited enthusiasm of • this
labor gathering signs of hopeless defeat,
while those who are aiding in the elec
tion of Tobin realized that unless Repub
licans and Democrats combined on the
latter the election of Eugene E. Schmitz
and his following of labor candidates
seems to be an absolute certainty.
It was S:20 o'clock when Chairman de
Succa.: followed by Andrew Furuseth,
Michael Casey and some twenty labor
candidates appeared on the platform. The
delegation was given a rousing reception,
in which men and women joined with a
will. Mr. de Succa was briefly intro
duced as the president of the evening.
De Succa made a brief address of ac
ceptance and introduced Andrew Furu
eeth as the first speaker of the evening.
When Furuseih advanced some one yelled
for "three cheers for the noblest Roman
of them all." These were given with a
wih and Furuseth began his address with
the statement that the crowd before him
was. the old strike crowd. During the
strike meetings were held to protest
against industrial absolutism. Those held
during the present campaign were a pro
test against political absolutism. Resum
ing he said:
Platform "Written in Blood.
The platform of the Union Labor party is
written in thc blood of workingmtn drawn by
the policemen's clubs during the strike. In
1KC the right of labor to organize for its own
defense was contested and the result was the
birth of the Merchants' Association. Then
came the evolution of industrial absolutism into
political absolutism. It brought about condi
tions which rendered a Coxey's army, walkins
across alkali deserts to civilization, possible.
The Employers' Association controlled the
city during the strike. They dominated the
Mayor and police, and broke heads wherever it
was possible to do so. We went to Commis
sioner Newhall with the request that he bring
the strike to an end. He referred us to the
Mayor, who could do nothing save advise the
strikers to go to work. I do not say Mayor
I'hf- an did not do anything, but I do say he
accomplished nothing.
Some one .hissed at . this, whereupon
Furuseth told the delinquent to "do that
oa election day, as it would be much bet
ter." Furuseth then resorted to dema
gogic vituperation, and for some time he
heaped abuse upon the Employers' As
sociation, which he likened to the "Vene
tian Council of Ten. He thought that if
the laboring men did not cjean out the
stable and give the city of San Fran
cisco a new form of government they de
served to wear the shackles of industrial
slavery with < which banded capital Is
seeking to adorn their shoulders, accord
ing to him.
Kuruseth then called attention to the
:;ttitade of The Call toward labor during
the strike. He declared that its editorials
v ere deliberate lies written for a purpose.
He likened the Employers' Association to
a vamnire which fanned its victims with
Call editorials and prepared them for the
Bar.guinary feast in which the vampire
was to gorge itself with blood. In closing
Furuseth said:
We have come here to ask you to help us to
avert another not improbable strike. There are
mar.y of the Employers' Association who are
not satisfied and who are trying to precipitate
another strike in order that they might enslave
labor the more. It is for you as citizens of
the commonwealth to change existing condi
tions, and by a new form of government cor
rect degrading abuses. It is for you to thrust
asid? the vampire which menaces you, and it
is fcr you to declare by your votes vour abhor
rence of the conditions which have for so long
a time weighed you down.
Casey Criticizes Police.
Michael Casey next took the floor,
amid cries of "Good boy, Mike!" "Bully
boy," and the like. Casey proceeded to
say that the worklngman who did not
vote the labor ticket straight was sadly
forjretful of his duty as a. citizen who
had the welfare of the community at
heart.
Naturally, Casey discussed the strike,
the employers, the police and everything
Dodges Franchise Issues
inWesternAddition.but
Talks About Saloons
Speakers Urge Working
men to Vote Entire Ticket.
Schmitz WildJy Cheered.
WELLS LEAVES
POTRERO FROM
HIS ITINERARY
UNION LABOR
MASS MEETING
WELL ATTENDED
WELLS AND SCHMITZ ADDRESS
SEVERAL GATHERINGS OF VOTERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 30; 1901.
GERMAN VOTERS'
MASS MEETING
THE German -. American
mass meeting at Metro
politan Temple to-night
promises to be a nota
ble demonstration in behalf of'
the principles "of clean local
government. Oscar Hocks,
chairman of the executive
committee, will call the meet
ing to order. Marcus Rosen
thai will be chairman. P. E.
Hesthal will deliver the Ger
man oration and ex-Governor
James K. Budd will speak in
English.
Joseph S. Tobin, the nom
inee for Mayor, who represents
the cause of honest and liberal
municipal rule, will address
the audience.
5
ADVEHTISE3SIENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Transatlantic Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1900, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the Provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $354,715 00
Cash ln Company's Office and In
Banks .13.773 72
Certificates of Deposit in hands of
Trustees 20,052 74
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans ' 4,755 00
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 61,619 25
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken *
for Fire and Marine Risks 24S 90
Due from other Companies for Re-ln-
surance on losses alrdddy paid 179 93
Total Assets $655,344 51
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $5,637 60
Losses in process of Adjustment or ln
Suspense .....23,317 33
Losses resisted, Including expenses.... 10,727 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
- one : year or less, • $365,295 73; re-in-
surance 60-per cent 182,647 87
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, $197,943 72; re-
Insurance pro rata 107,659 35
All 'other Liabilities 15,384 17
. . \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 • \u25a0
Total Liabilities ..: $345,273 72
\u25a0 = ..::;
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
. premiums ...../. $423,41121
Received for interest. and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources 17,427 28
Received from Home Office 57,539 98
Total Income ;.'..........$498.67S 47
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $S0, 308 18. losses of previous -.\u25a0"'. ' i?.
years) $431.470 92
Paid or allowed for Commission or
'Brokerage '. 101,467 16
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks,- etc 28.5S3 53
Paid for ~ State, National and Local
' taxes ".•-...••• • 13,331 30
All other payments and expenditures.. 48.263 39
\u25a0 Total Expenditures . . . /. ............ .$623.418 J5'
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums!
Net amount of '.Risks \u25a0 \
written, during the ' \u25a0 ' ; ,
year. $55,987,935 $658,926 88
Net amount "of Risks v
expired, during the
\u25a0year 78.549,991 801,276 62
Net . amount . In . force , - \u25a0 • \u25a0
, December ' 31. 1900... "42,960.411 ,563,239 45
ADOLPH I.0EB U. S. Manager.
• Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 30th
day of January. 1301. . jBdwapHnNW
;MARK A.:FOOTE. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
ESTABLISHED IN 1872,
213 SANSQME STREET,
;•;. sANPRANcisco. caju '\u25a0'••; V
V.CARUSDRIFFIELD; Manager,;
; ; H^DANKER, Assistant Manager.:
OCSAU" TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
nf TOiUC SOUTHAaiPTOH. LOHD0S. PASIX
. • ' Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Friesland Nov. SI Haverford Nov. 27
Philadelphia ...Nov. 13j Philadelphia ....Dec. 4
St. Paul Nov. 20| St. Paul Dec. IX
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp,
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Friesland Nov. 6[Haverford Nov. 27
Southwark Nov. 13 *ZeeIand Dec. 4
•Vaderland Nov. 2CtFriesland Dec 11
•Stjpplng at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery ft.
PANAMA R, R, SP
TO NEW YORK* VIA PANAMA DIBEOr,
Cabin. $105; Steerage, U0: Meals Free. -
8. S. Leelanaw saiU Thursday, Oct. 81
8. S. Argyll «ai!s Saturday, De;. 7
S. S. Leelanaw sails
From Howard-street wharf (Pier 10) at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 530 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0XPA6HIB GENESAL3 TBAS3ATLAHTIQU3
DIREjCT LINE TO HAVRE-VARIS.
Sailing every Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, iSflififinrS
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. S70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. {45 and upward.' GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. . 32 Broadway (Hudson building). N«w
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U, S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJ3
Steaman GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. -6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare SO
cents. Telephone Main 130S. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mlssion-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. ;;" -,»\u25a0-.•
DIREGTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlca Lists Mailed
_^ on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strah!»
& Co. (est'd. 1S52). 17 and 19 Fremcnt st. ; upoa
Installment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE AND PI3 IRO.X.
T T WII SflV * fft **> Battery Street.
J- W- fTlLJUn U W-t Telephone Main UM.
FRESH A^O SALT MEATS.
IIS RflYFS * C\\ SniPPlns Butchers. 104
JA2' hUlLJ tt WU- clay. Tel. Main 1234.
OILS.
LtTBRICATINO OILS. LEONARD A EL.LIS.
, 418 Front «t-. B. F. Phone Main 1713.
PRINTING.
E. C. HUGnES, m £!S52% 9 . r .
, PRINTERS, ". BOOKBINDERS.
?nr HicKa-juDD ca.
• U . First »tr»«t. Su Franp«s<~\
AIPP nnlf I I Co "}«r Fourth an<t
A* \u25a0»\u25a0.*\u25a0 !*>*••\u25a0*— oc Overcoats ana
V«llaes checked ts*+
OCEA1T TBAVEI..
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' V Steamers leave Broadway
SJtj. Wharf, San . Francisco: '.
l^SS*^. For Alaskan port3— 11 a. m.,
Oct. 3. S. 13, IS. 23. 23, Nov. 2.
j ratgSG'^vH Chanse t0 company's steamers
MB^^L2q1 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
\u25a0 *^a»g^Ja^l C.) Port Townsend, Seattle.
' Tacoma, Everett and New
\u25a0 Whatcom (AVash.) — 11 a. m.,
Oct 3 8 13 18 23 28. Nov. 2. Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G N Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. By-
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m., Oct.
4. 9. 14. 19. 24. 29. Nov. 3. _
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. 9 a. m
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ven-
tura Hueneme, East San Pedro, San Pedro
and ' Newport— Steamer Corona, Saturdays,
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further lnformtlon obtain the company s
folders. • \u25a0 . x .
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing,
without pFPVious notice,
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). .
GOOD ALL,. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agenta.
. 10 Market St.; San Francisco.
O. #?. & N. CO,
Only Steamship XjIjolo *c»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to n't
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steams'Hio and rail, at
* v iio w .usi 1 - aaATES. \u25a0 .
STEAMER TIC5ET3 INCLUDE BERTH and KEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails Nov. 4, 14, 24, Dec. 4
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
....Sails Oct. 30,* Nov. 9. 19, 29
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D,W.HrrCHCQCK.Gen.Agt.,l Montsm'y. S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at.l p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at • Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of saillnc.. . . ~ .
SS HONGKONG MARU
.„ Saturday, November 16. 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU '
. W^ednesday.' December 11. 1901
SS AMERICA MARU
I Saturday, January 4, 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
XV. ' H. AVERT. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, • stopping at ' Mexican. ; Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m. ttttttKHHlB
PERU Nov. 01COLOMBIA ....Dec. 7
PALENA .......Nov. 23ITUCAPEL Dec. 21
" These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) - Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. BUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
S; S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu....-....'......
.........:..•..".... ...Saturday. Nov. 2. 2 d. m.
5. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa Auck"
land and Sydney... Thursday.- Nov 14 10 a. m.
S. 6.. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti......:......?:
......:........;.... .....'.\u25a0.-;:. Nov.i». 10 a. m.
I D. SPHECKELS k BROS. CO., General Agents. 327 Karbt »
Cn'l Passugtr Olfia, 843 Markit St., Per Ho. 7, PaciSs St
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Oriental
Rug
Sale ...
We offer our entire line of
beautiful Oriental Carpets,.
Rugs and Curtains at
25 °l o Discount
from regular prices.
Ghas. M. Pium & Go.
130H307 MARKET ST. '
lOy Qo^crniircnt
N \tbcpdrC|doii6f/ :
CBOTTLhUf -TOE DjIflLLERYf
. \u25a0 PURE-A5BDJMfHtH.E5aME.-. ir !
Used in /tie Meticdf Departments of the
U.S.ARMY $ NAVY Service
Wolff & co. v
v iSan Francisco,' distributors'
aewart of/mifatfons or replied Bottles.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
':-'\u25a0 SAN BEN1TOCO.
\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 1 ' \
We offer some stock for sale In this mine at
50c per share. Price will be advanced on No-
vember 15. The money will be used for devel-
opment and to build a furnace, which will Im-
mediately enhance the value. Vast quantities
of ore are developed with a shaft 260 feet deep
and 1000 feet of tunnels. We own : T20 acres of
land with buildings and machinery. We want
you to -see this mine. : The stock In the Silver
Creek Quicksilver advanced from 10c to S3 per
share and Is all sold and issued and will pay
a dividend in a short time. \u25a0 . w
H. R. BRADFORD..
• President and General Manager, . \u25a0 -
7 North Market St., San Jose Cal. v 7
Prospectus and \u25a0 Bxhibit at \u25a0 Branch Office.
\u25a0 413 KEARNT STREET, San Francisco.
•, . F/DE FREITAS, Agent. •' .
YngeWtBrTflfrrii Ji J?, m t dy a tor CJonorrhoea,
JrMJ 1 1 SS?I' Spofmatorrhoea
MsfT CURES Whitoa, unnatural dis*
Mflglu 5 dtyf. « charges, or any inflamma-
|K| Qn»nate«d to tion, Irritation or nlcera-
Ik «tPr«Teot eouttioiu *i°j; ol t utO1 " mem-
\u25a0F*^lTucPviH«rucurritPn t)r * ne *» Non-astringent.
x3L\ SSin I \m aoid by »««»«%
J^^C.B.A^a^byexpreis. prepaid, for
Aj^^fe^^^^Tfl (1.00. or 8 bottles, |5.75.
"m ClrciUr lent oa naneat.
THE I^°^ T !^:: |- . , /•'gCTi-EkrogIT31^|'-^" I \u25a0',.: THE EMPOBIXTM. • | THE EMFOBIUltt.
» ' '\u25a0'"** \u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0-;\u25a0'-\u25a0\u25a0• - c«t ut %r : .'.'..__i' ' '" on-' ' . „ ;'- * \u25a0 '\u25a0___\u25a0 : ' ' ' ~ \u25a0 ' ' :.j;*£-r?.-fe x
$\u25a0 $1 - 07 * w c o'Icr a Dozm $2.50 Cabi- H pl§P*_ arid •^^|fFpJ an d Ihc latest Becks as soon as 3
jf nets and a $1.00 .Bromide Enlargement lor $2.43. : ** ; ©oWcnTCale Bazaar, The latter at Snccial Cut Prices. *?
J CALIFORNIA'S lARGEST-AMERlCA'S GRANDEST STORE. I"""""* 11 * 1UB MWBr ai *pwcuu *-« *TKC5. g
| Sp&ci&i BmTiw®& i€B3* W®d?mW&®dfgiy |
I in Trustworthy SessonaMe MerchantHs®. \
jc You have always found, and always will find,the best of bargains at the Big Store. Five f
J years of fair dealing with the people of Sin Francisco and the Pacific Coast S are! -have given |
* thousands, of customers the 1 utmost confidence in our statements and merchandise. The %
ft promises made in our printed announcements are strictlv carried out. • S
l£ ?2 <.\u25a0\u25a0.-.. . - i - x
fc A Dinner Set A 5& Lae*** S^ZtoBs* N aw Leaih sr Goods I
| Bargain, $3&,OO. . \ Popularly Priced, i
% \^ e *^ Mm *>^ s^^^>s^ An immense special purchase of> New Laces, im- m S
%) \^ !^ r^~~^^m^^^%\ P orted thi; fall— Imitation Medici, Torchons, Imitation '- mg °n C7 C ver^ & 2
i:^^^^^w^^^-mf\. Cirny, Normandy, Valenciennes, Point"" de Paris and item quoted JS S
Jf ™^^t^'^w > ™jj*jffl I manv other makes. N:>t an old design in the In- — the here. These d^\, *
jf newest an d prettiest patterns; worth in the J^Uf arc a11 ncvv *
| Are marked for special da/only €J^H^ have . |
1 BresseSoods Sale Wednesday 2£ 1
| gSi«g^^^Si1^; We have>ecured a^necial lot of about 600 yards of val.es at the W^tf 1 ' J
J all F icces large sire and the very newest shapes, that Very popular A1i-VVOD1 TriCOt, SO RlUCh USed for <l uoted P nccs - jf_ \ •*
g Ourprice.,. ....... .....v, o __ waists, dressing sacques and children's weir. It is 44 inches wide, and there Chatelaiae Bag y /*"* B «"^=**A .5
X JMj Jy.SJUJ , j , - '. .\u25a0,,.-, ' ' , , — o;ai gram leach- // *£
$ \u25a0Ameri^n Beauty Dinner Set -103 pieces, arJl 5 ..very \u25a0.handsome" colorings, including the newest shades, of reseda, old er, cov^d frame, <*feg^-.... A ?
f£ for 12 persons ; maoe of fine semi-porcelain, in rosc > turquoisr, mode, biscuit, cadet and royal blues. It is _ patent safety hoot,
ti the very latest shapes ; as thin ne% worth fully one -half more than the price we shall ask you to- MFL^Lff* sha ? e as * in ilu " «
g ani whit, m china: $iimOU day (Wednesday) only, per yard ......,...;. .:. "» Slia 3rCr tration; only^ . . \
I Notion Values. Sale of Waists' Gurtain Corners. |&SiS3 f
I T^M^M^£^%5% MM w^wV 4^ A S#*ec/a# Sate. v^^S^^5S S
g Akohol Lamps for heating curling irons.ISc /ilRS " Wc ' vc bou S ht a lot of ~ very fine CO verei fcm • v 3 ~h T"' ** «, 'J't <*
I Fca:h { rS..i:ch:dBra:ds-Whit e fndcolcfd;6 W~f "Assorted lot of real Lacc Cofnen (a • W^.^' h^ ; "'--* f - 75 g
K yards 'n a piece .'• 10O *5~V f slightly faded and srjmT ,U i; n -\ <r«Tr. «„,. «\u2666 ,1, I ; I Ba S-° f !n " de »*«. m m "» 2
* Witcr-P.oof Lirt Binding— Y.rd . tJo , >SfeL mLed fine - Fren-h - P - V • ™ XT V^ f ' f^'« !ttdeS i ** °°r fa #?T 75 ° S
$ Whilcbone Casing— Silk stitched: 9 yards: >^\^^ v , ! ,» ' importing houses in New York; they Wrist Bag-Genuine seal, wkh inrde •«
$ piece., iv..... ......... MfOi r\^ Wv%\ WaTsts tha7we e re ° f BmSS6lS Irish Point » P ocket - •••••• .....$U25 %
tf Frtnch Sewing Cotton— 5oo_yards; like silk; ' / j V|aW ) from'^a 00 tof/oo' Arabian and Novelty Lace effects, are Wrist Bag— Sutde .'eatfcer; outside F oc«t; X
K T7 fP r 1 L"'*p""V;--'-^ : .r---:,V? 50 / A J ll) W)lW Plain and embroidered) I J A and 1 3X yards long and very =»n entirely new shape 82.QO %
fif Featherbone Founiaton Collars — All sizes: /\u25a0 S .\ '// lUlLl! ''/I j 1 '^ \u25a0 v 1 1 r \u25a0 , r«:» o /-> • »i- ' - 1 » •»
g. , . ' {^r >^w //I W\W/ assorted colors, ma- wide; can be used for lront doors, Coin Ptr:e ~ Gaimne. Alijratcr. mWel X
* pS*^'*|S N^NfflF.C.l'i:™^ «»-?».«" window. an d a, s«h %g£^&Sm2%S&SSi |
I s^gl^llli^i "^"w^'i't s^^EsfeJSlg I
1 Jh C CrK U ;; H;;irB»k'(V<,«Jni;V'»S° , " \ \ TV", 1 ' ™ d yem .ha»e narked them, each— &mMnjtto» f»«'«'Book - And erf g
flf • \ to u ' « \u25a0 \ choce to- -_— _ mm mm *r* m ** *m 'mm —mm. tase — Grain Leather; embo <ei finish: al V
X n TZ}~£ch «» dayonly.atSa© 75C, $I.OO, $1.5O. "ther fine I; just as shown in p ctore. ...35© *
h D-skFms-iiacn... . Sn Ss . — , - In Genuine Seal— Calf ,:nid, con pock« .^
s c^SMf^^ : £iM:^ I Heavy Flanneleftes at About Half. ' d-**-i,.« r b-4 U - U..?.$, *
5 cashmere Mending Wool— a'i colors; a cards A sale for ihisday only of well-made, warm Flannel- %
* s^^dE^Be^-^h.V.'.V.V.riS ettes. that will^ive most satisfactcrv wear. Stripes and M^^Ms^i^^ %
S Back Tucked Satin Belts— Fancy buckles; plaids m dainty pinks and blues — just the kind of Flannelettes for warm night- uU *E*BBtl sVSfS Cr *t
tg each 1 57g gowns, pajamas, skirts, etc., a good va'ue at double the money. Special m~ E^ m mM tF^S &
If So-No-MoreDie-s Shield Fa5t:nen-Set.P5o price Wednesday only, per yard ' *2G St ffSi %XMQw&&a >J
ft H«r Brush and C>mb Qeansr— Each...^5c s - * x X
* Strawberry Pin Cushions— E»ch .So ** C OOH "" PlCiUrBS OH StMBCisi SaiBm We are :oe agents in thh cty f.r th; Pre- «
K %*UUN r-Jl,mmMr-SS3» Vn «7f7C?f>#Cff# *&*MS&. mier( . t Monarch an I A'exAnirs Kid Cores;
S Pure Groceries "A complete line of those characteristic and popular the r «-^ from^ h " French w :^^' 5
5 Reduced Prices. "Coo V Photos from life, in platinum effect: prettily g^^^^SJ&Sjiii |
* Sutfar Sale Best Dry Granulated ' ramcd m 2-mch cbon y nnishcdmolding;sizeofpicture complete, 11x12 JI79g%. of Prtm'ere Gioves has jnst been cpcr.eJ; they %
•? c . t y , / W 1 • , v inches, and a good value for *l each. On special sale to-day on'y " *» are mile with the ne«r Parh poin: backs, and X
X Sugar. To-day (Wednesday) f B _f *| ' > the popular overieam sewing, and _ tf _ -^ §
S T ly ' 2 %! bs •••,' •;; "/ * Reliable Carvers Rubhar Goods «»« in the i«« siud«. Pa> &1.5O $
I S^Pi^lS^^I^ ' ** Low Prices. lor Infants. |
*? Oysters— Selects; i-!b. t!ns; the regular a for Infants* Stockinet , n n <+>$ *%BS |<9/5i>it.frnir S^Gr*
*" 25c brand. To-day, 3 tins 25C |> K -J I UJ azjII .. ' "^^ Rubbsr Bibs -Never f^ff^-^K &X.&& WrniSK&y (5S/C '#
J Conuenscd MHk-Gail Borden's Eagle brand; •^^^^^^^^ B ; <w -4S^jte 1^ sold lor less thin i 5 c /- 1L_^ |\ Wilson Pvrc Rye WhhkcV— Bottled «
jtf instead of 15c per tin, to-dav, 2 titlS . regu'arly. Special I >T°^ V/\ u j- mi it-. **
%\ ........ 25c to.i.y only ' / \u25a0 / \%\ at thc dls « Iler y5 regularly $1.25 a •-
J Eutlor—GooA Firkin Creamery Butter; Genuine ftag-Handed Carving Set - As *UC jL^j° °^M ' S P c 9 al to-dav onI y £§&*% 5
2 regu'arly 25c 1b. To-day on'y..-. .. .22c above, quality of steel guaranteed, put up in Infanti* Body Rub- \W •••• %
OiiV2 OH— Dr. Dobrmann's pure California; neat satin-lined case $3.5O b*r Dirpers — Cot in tiDUMWl/A/ «^ ,. „. _. _ X
£ . made from the fir t press ng of th=.oiv«. Celluloid. Handled Carving Set — W.th one pi.ee, without A " * • . Port or Sherry— The B.g Store 3 popular .j
S To-day-Pints, 40O,- quarts. 75O Ktrlng silver •ierrue*, Landers, Frang & seami as Canficld pattern. : Special 7S c jer gallon quaUtj; offered J01 Weinrsday X
tf Prunes— Good Santa C ara; 4 lbs 25C *Carke make, in satin-l : ned case. .$5.00 to-day mSO C only, gal o^ SS i
Jf Seed;d Raisins— Fine goods; package.. .tUC Pearl-Har.dled Carving Set— Knife has 8- Genuine Stockinst Seamless Diapers— Bourbon Whiskey— The favorite " Be e of X
* Currants - Recleaaed; i-lb. pickages; a for inch blade, sterh'ng diver ferrules, in vcr/ Cat in one piece; the best ma.'e. _-. Kentucky"; rsgular'.y $3.50 per galon. «•
5 ...." 25c handsome satin-lined case St2S3 Special at ...SUG Wednesday only $1,93 %
ti^ \u25a0 \u25a0 ' • - . • . ~ t t . . .. _ \u25a0..\u25a0•. -; : .• \u25a0 Jj
AWAA'AWAAWA*AAA*A*-AAA e AAAAAAW*AAAAA°aW^ °AA*°AWAA'AAm\°AiaiA 'AA°AWA"4°A*A"AA'A"AA"AA'AW*AA°a;A AA*d
ADVERTISEMENTS.
is Nature's time for rest;
and the man who does not
take sufficient time to sleep
or who cannot sleep when
he makes the effort, is
wearing out his nervous'
strength and cpnsuming his
vital power. Dr. Miles'
Nervine brings sweet,
soothing, refreshing sleep.
Don't let another night
pass, i Get it to-day.
\ :•\u25a0=-\u25a0 ?, -*>\u25a0 ..-.' -
"I an a druggist, so Tchen I was
troubled with insomnia a few years ago
I took Dr. Miles' Nervine and found
immediate relief. I have not been
troubled with that disease since."
1L L. Howard, Madison, Wis.
D*. Miles'
Nerviiic..
soothes the nerves, nour-
ishes the brain, and re-
freshes the entire organism.
Sold by draggista on guarantee.
Dr. Milts Medical Co, Elkhart, Ind.WEDNESDAY..... OCTOBER 3°, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS^foprietor
lUnii All CommuiesUou to W. S. LEASE, Xutgtr.
KAKAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Pre»s 204
PUBLICATION OFFICB...Harket aad Tfcird, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 SteTensoa SL
Telephone Freaa 202.
Ocllrered by Carrier". IS Cent* Per \Teek.
Slnffle Copte*. S Cents. '
Terms by Mall. Including Postaset
DAXX.T CALL Cindodicr Ennday). one year .....t*.M
DAILY CALL (inclualnr Eurfizy). ( month* ; S.M
DAILY CALL (including Eunday). * XjOdUu 1.60
daily call— By sickle Month tso
ETJ1CDAT CALX* On* Tear.................................... l.M
WEEKLY CALL. On* Tear 1.M
\u25b2II postmaster* are authorized to recelr*
• abscrlptlons.
Saxnpl* copies will be forwarCed vbea reqaested.
Mill nbtcriben In ordering chang* of addreai shonlS b«
r*rticuUr to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAiCLAXD OFFICE . .1113 Broadnay
'• C GEORGE KKOGXESS.
Ktfiigtr Foreign Adrertisicp, lUrgnettt Building, Chleigo.
CLocc Distance Telephone "Central 2619.") '
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX. Herald Square
. - ' NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPDEJf.B. SMITH 30 Tribune Butldln*
\u25a0/.CHICAGO KEWS STANDS:
Sherman Eonae: P. .O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House;* Auditorium Hctel.
BRA3TCR OFFICES — E27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
vntll t:30 o'clock. MO Hayes, open until >:S0 o'clock. C33
McAllister, open' until 9:30 o'clock. CIS Larkln, open until
•:» o'clock, 1SU Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2M1 Market
corner Sixteenth, open until 3 o'clock. 1CSS Valencia, op* a
until * o'clock. 10C Eleventh, open until > o'clock. KW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until $ o'clock.
R00 Fillmore. open until J p. m.
WHEN the Santa Fe secured terminal facili
ties at Point Richmond it was by many sup
posed to be a temporary expedient, to be
abandoned when adequate yard room and water front
could be secured farther down the bay. This idea
raust now be abandoned. While the Santa Fe may
some time secure convenient landing of its passen
gers in Oakland for the sake of a shorter ferriage to
San Francisco, its landing plant at Point Richmond
is destined to become a permanent commercial and
transportation adjunct to San Francisco: For all
purposes of /direct overland carriage this city is as
much on an island as New York is. The bulk of its
landward traffic must always reach it by ferry, and
the enlarging accommodations on its water front
indicate that its incoming and outgoing commerce,
continental and ocean, is to be by water. The Santa
Fe road at Point Richmond emphasizes the value of
deep water connection immediately with rail trans
portation. Xo expensive mole had to be built and
the cost of continual dredging is avoided. The same
deep water frontage has been sought by the Standard
Oil Company, -which is locating its plant there, and
the more recent purchase of 500 acres on the same
iront by J. P.. Morgan discloses the value put upon
such immediate deep water contact by business men.
The effect upon San Francisco will be beneficial. It
means that this city will transact its business along
the whole eastern shore of the bay, and that its great
est concentration and best development will be where
ship and car can c6me together. All of this business
will be tributary to San Francisco, just as the count
less business establishments on New York Bay, Long
Island Sound and North River are tributary to New
York City. What San Francisco has needed has been
the touch of ship and car. In that respect the Sound
ports have had an advantage oveV us' which they,
have .wisely improved. It is a facility that takes a
burden off commerce. On the Atlantic side of the
continent it has always resulted in the attraction and
concentration of commerce. . Great • sums have been,
expended, as at Galvesion and Savannah, to secure it.
This city is fortunate in having it so near to her
water front and in such easy . touch with . all her
activities. .' \u25a0 • .• ; ' ' ,:'\u25a0\u25a0 ';.'.:\u25a0 -/\.-:. '\f.f.-y '•.;'• ' : ;
Every added facility increases commerce! • Per
haps the constructors of the San Joaquin Valley Rail
way buildcd wiser than they knew, but it is certain
that in seeking the Point Richmond terminal they
showed great business foresight. • ' . . • \u25a0
Since the construction of the Central Pacific road,
a vast and valuable enterprise and bold in .its day,
California has had no equally bold and valuable en
terprise until the projectors of the San Joaquin Val
lcy road entered upon their work. Its absorption by
the Santa Fe system completed its efficiency, and
brought the long looked for second transcontinental
line to this city. Those who thought honestly that
one road sufficed for the carriage of our trade can
now witness the interesting spectacle of the two
lines pushed to their utmost capacity to transport it.
Both are enlarging their equipment, their yard room
and all of their facilities, and increase these as they
may, production and the demands. of commerce fol
low closely upon every expansion of accommoda
tions. It is doubtless the fact that if one road only
had been here it would have proved inadequate to
answer the demands upon it ;.->_ i, ';V
So those who looked upon the San Joaquin Valley
project as a mere, ideality, useful only because it re
sponded to a sentiment in favor of a rival road, re
gardlcss of any demand. for it, prove to have been
mistaken. It was not an ideality, but a first-class
commercial reality, in the realization of which com
merce has prospered and both roads have, flourished.
This is the law of commercial action. An addition to
facilities always stimulates their use to an increase
equal to that addition. "Both of our transcontinental
roads-will find this law pushing them for a long time
to come, and the Santa Fe will not soon, be able to
stop the enlargement of its terminal; facilities at Point
Richmond to accommodate its ilocai^ar/d through
traffic, and meet the needs of. such, extensive business
plants as arc foretold by the operations of Morgan
and the Standard Oil. people. 1 ' >
RISE OF POINT RICHMOND.
The Republican campaign in Ohio is .booming
along withall.the big speakers ,. : of the party in the
field, but the Democrats appear to have gone fishing..
It is estimated that the Pan-American Exposition
at Buffalo' will result in a loss to 'the stockholders of
something like $4,000,000; but then Buffalo has had a
great deal : of fun out of the affair, so perhaps she has
had her money's worth. '\u25a0'' ' '
..\u25a0.\u25a0•- •,\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 • . \u25a0 \u25a0
MARE ISLAND-S. O. T.C., City. An
island is a piece of land that is entirely
Burrounded by water. The definitions of
island do not set out what kind of water,
surrounds such a piece of land. Mare Is
land is surrounded by San Pablo Bay, by
Mare Island Straits and by Napa Slough.
As long as California has' been a State
that piece, of land has been known as
Mare Island. If,, the 'slough was filled in
then -what Is known as. un Island would
be called a peninsula.
; .CASIN0-W..B., Thermallto, Cal. In tho
absence of any. agreement to count points
as made in -the game of casino the rule
is on the last deal for the one who holds
cards to count first and if cards are oven,;
then the one who holds spades Is entitled
to" count first. The order; of counting is
cards, spades, big casino, little casino;
aces and sweeps. , v
PLATONIC , FRIENDSHIP-Subscrlber.
Lodl, Cal. Platonic friendship, also called
Platonic love, is a spiritual affection be
tween two persons of the opposite ,sex.
It is the friendship of nian and woman
without mixture of what is usually called
love. . Plato strongly advocated this pure
affection, and hence Us distinctive name.
PROPERTY-D., Oakland, Cal. Neither
the wife nor the husband has any Interest
in the separate property, acquired before
or after marriage. If the wife holds real
estate as her separate -property she has
the right to sell the same without, con
sulting her husband and she does not re
quire his signature to the deed. •
HOW HAPPY— R.^J. C, City. The quo
tation
"How happy could I be with either,
Were t'other dear charmer away I
But while ye thus' teaae me tocether,
To neither a word will I say." \u25a0
Is from Gay's "Beggar's Opera," act 2,
scene 2, written in 1727. •
TRUCKEE — A reader, Eureka, Cal. The
population of Truckee, Nevada County,
Cal., is about 1300. The distance from
San Francisca is 209.3 miles. The railroad
schedule time Is about twelve hours.
There Is a paper published there called
the Republican, a semi-weekly.
SUMMER RATES In effect at Hotel del Cora
nado until December 1. Ticket to Coronado
and return, including: 15 days' board and room.
{60. Inquire at 4 New Montgomery it. -
It is not requisite that the Mayor of San Francisco
be an orator, but it is requisite that he be able to talk
coherently. His duties will require him to act' as
spokesman of the city in, receiving distinguished
guests, in receiving the President if he come to Cali
fornia next summer, as has been suggested, and in
welcoming the delegates to important • conventions
that may be held here. While, therefore, a Mayor
need not aim at oratory, he must at least have the fac
ulty .of putting together a half-dozen sentences,
each of which will be intelligible in. itself and
not contradictory to the sentence that' precedes it or
that follows it Were there no other ground for ob
jecting to Mr. Wells,'his speeches alone would prove
him to' be utterly unfit to perform the duties of the
Mayor of- San Francisco. . ' '.v . v
. Mr. Wells has not been called upon to make ah
extempore, speech nor to make an argumentative
speech. The uttermost required of him athis princi
pal mass-meetings has been to speak about five min
utes, and ample time has-been allowed him for prep
aration. Yet, with all that time for preparation, Mr.
Wells has never yet uttered .from the platform as
many as 300 words of lucid and logical meaning. In
one of his short speeches he said that certain issues
,"are momentous,". and in the next breath said a can
didate for Mayor should. not be troubled with such
"petty questions." He began his speech at B'nai
B'rith Hall on Monday evening in this way: "I see
that I have been quoted as making a speech at the
banquet at the Palace Hotel, wherein it is illuminated
with a beautiful portrait! large display type, and as
saying that the present Board of Supervisors is a
good Board of Supervisors, and that in all of my rcsi
dence.here of forty years it is the best.board.I ever
saw." This is a sample of the Wells style of speech.
MR. WELLS' speeches at the more important
political gatherings held by the supporters of
his ticket have been published in full by The
Call, and any one who has had sufficient interest in
his candidacy to read them has found in them ample
evidence upon which to base an estimate of Mr.
Wells' ability to talk coherently for as. much as two
or three minutes at a time. To one phase of those
speeches we desire to direct the attention of the peo
ple of San Francisco, for outside of any question of
policy involved it is a matter.of importance to have in
the Mayor's office a man who can formulate his ideas
with definiteness and express them in x intelligible
English. / - ; :-\u25a0\u25a0' '\u25a0\u25a0'.'\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'.; \ ., '.'':\u25a0'. '\u25a0:/ .\u25a0\u25a0'.'
JUSTICE BREWER of the United States Su-:
premc Court in his address at the recent Yale
festival pointed out the relation of education to
good citizenship and emphasized the responsibility"
of; the. individual to public affairs. Many evils
exist in the social fabric'ancl in government, and they
are sometimes ola. nature that cannot be effectively
reached by the courts. It^depends upon the people
of any given community whether such defects shall
be remedied or left to operate unchecked.
Speaking of the .proper method of dealing with
these pernicious tendencies, the Justice said: "Appeal
must be taken to the great court of public opinion,
whose decrees are irresistible. In that court every
man is counsel and every man is judge.* That court
may not stay .the. movement, but will control it. It
can make the movement with all the wonderful things
attending it subserve the higher thought of en
nobling the individual. Who shall lead and guide in
that court? Not the demagogue appealing for self
ish purposes to ignorance and prejudice. We turn to
the educated lover of his country, the one who be
lieves in her institutions; who would not destroy
but keep pure, and is filled evermore with the thought
that true service of the public is the greatest glory of
the man." •
At this juncture in San* Francisco there are many
issues submitted to the tribunal ol'. which Justice
Brewer spoke. Certain grasping corporations, in
alliance with the worst elements of our' politics, are
striving to bring about the election of a Board of
Supervisors that will not only give the. corporations
unfair profits in their dealings 'with the city but will
,opcn the 'town to gambling, . pool-selling, side
entrance saloons and kindred forms of vicei The ap
peal, therefore,, goes to the court in which every man
is a judge. It is made to the intelligent lover of his
country and of his city.
The responsibility of the individual in this case is
not slight. It cannot be shirked by the easy process
of voting a particular ticket because that ticket' hap
pens to, bear the name of the national party to which
the individual belongs. National politics has nothing
to do. with this contest, which is one, of morality
against immorality. It is the duty of every citizen to
weigh the case upon' its merits, to vote for the wel
fare of the city and defeat those who are trying to
loot it' " ; . V,
FATHER'S RESPONSIBILITY — Old
Subscriber, City, The question asked
about the responsibility of a father for
injury done by his son to another boy in
a fight is one that can be answered only
upon a full knowledge of the facts.
MR. WELLS' SPEECHES.
COURT OF PUBLIC OPINION.
The young men deserve great credit for
fixing up, considering that they haven't
the hope that some rich girl will take a
fancy to them. A girl always stands a
show of being overtaken by a prince on a
noble charger, and though tha charger
turns out to be a seat In a milk wagon
she is Just as happy.— Atchison Globe.
. 'VICE PRESIDENT— N. N., City. Ther-s
is no Vice President of the United States
at this time, but there is an acting Vice
President in the person of the President
of the Senate, Senator Frye. :
NO PREMIUM— J. W. t City. : .: No pre
mium is offered by dealers for J5 pieces of
1846 and 1853, nor for $2 50 pieces of. 1852
and 1878. ' . •". ' '\u25a0- \u25a0"•'\u25a0-:'•:\u25a0., ...;\u25a0 \u25a0 '.. '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:
"' THE NAVY YARD— L.. V. C., Fort
Bragg, Cal.' The navy yard at Mare Is
land is open to visitors. 'every. day. except
Sunday. ";;:.•\u25a0.; '\u25a0':\u25a0 ..:\u25a0':'\u25a0'.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.'':• •;y..S:^'.\..' : :'.r '
ANSWERS TO; QUERIES;
NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— The following
Californlans have arrived at the hotels:
San Francisco— F. M. O'Brien, at the
Albert; G. Croxen, M. P. Boss, I. O» Boss.
Miss Boss, N. A. Menderter, M. Shepar.1.
at the Holland: D. C. Henly. J. A. Gill,
at the Hoffman; Mrs. T. H. McDonald.
N. H. Neustadter, Mrs. M. Ralston, at the
Imperial; C. F. Wright, at the Sturte
vant; F. H. Buck and wife, Mrs. J. B.
Cory, at the Manhattan; J. F. Donahue.
F. M.' Greenwood, at the Marlborough;
J. Dubol3, at the St. Denis.
Los Angeles— F. L. Hossack, at tho
Astor. :"..•'
San Jose — C. D. Blaney, at the Man
hattan.
Californlans in Nevr York.
ACHANCE TO SMILE
\u25a0 The Tip. — "Can't you give me a nickel,
sir? I. am starving," said the beggar.
"Certainly, . my man. Here's thirty
cents— five for your meal and a quarter
for the waiter." replied the kind-hearted
pedestrian.— Harlem Life. . -
"Harry," she said, thoughtfully.
"What is it?" responded the worried
business man, rather shortly.
"I wish you could rearrange your busi
ness a little bit."
"How?"
"So as to be a, bear on the stock ex
change instead of at home."— Exchange.
He— There, dear, after toiling and plan
ning for years, we have at last been able
to buy this beautiful home, and you ought
to be perfectly happy.
She-But. I'm not. .
He— What's the matter?
She— I know we shall never be able to
sell it. — Harper's Bazaar.
"There was a long discussion on the
Governorship of Hawaii. Several persons
were mentioned as being in 'the fight.
After much talk and a thorough airing
of the subject it was decided that Robert
W. .Wilcox was the only man the ; Home
Rule party cared to Indorse. The sense
of the meeting was unanimously In favor
of the present delegate. •••/.'\u25a0 •\u25a0\u25a0 . ..\u25a0• ' '-
"As a result of the, discussion and the
apparent sense of the meeting in favor
of Mr. Wilcox a set of resolutions to be
forwarded to President Roosevelt was
presented, -adopted and signed by Presi
dent D. Kalauokalanl. Vice President
James Kaulia and Secretary JNakookoo.
"It Is said on good authority that the
Independent Home Rule party, is consid
ering - the name of Representative Fred
W. Beckley as delegate to "Washington
in place of Wilcox, should the latter be
appointed Governor."
Captain French; U. S.'A.,":who was la
charge of the military post at Nome, !3
staying at the Occidental.
R. C. Dorsey, a merchant of Fresno,
accompanied by his wife, is spending a
few days at the Lick.
R. D. • Hatch, manager of the Novato,
is In the city and has made his head
quarters at the Lack.
:W. Coblltz, German professor at Tokio
University. Is at the Palace.
F. E. Dunlap. a prominent attorney ot
Stockton, is staying at the Lick.
,C. E. Tlnham. an attorney of Red Bluff,
la among the arrivals at the Grand.
W. C. Potts, a capitalist of Jamestowu,
Is staving at the Grand. He is accompa
nied by hla -wife.
Samuel McMurtrle. a railroad contrac
tor of Denver, is among the recent arrl-
• PERSONAL • MENTION.
PROMINENT MEN OP HAWAII
WHO ARE TO THE FORE IN PO
LITICAL AFFAIRS.
HONOLULU, Oct. 22 -The Bulletin
says: "The Independent : Home
Rulers have set their minds on
Robert W. Wllcox as the next
Governor of the Territory of Hawaii and
no one else will they have. The attempt
at substitution for .the recent petition in
favor of .Wllcox and sent to President
Roosevelt of another one in favor of Sec
retary Cooper has been branded by the
party as an attempt on the part of Its
onemies to throw discredit on the Inde
pendent Home Rulers.
"A meeting of the executive committee
of the Home Rulers was held last Thurs
day v night. There were fifty-two mem
bers present, there being but sixty-five
on the committee. This large attendance
was undoubtedly due to the announce
ment that governorship matters would be
discussed. Besides the fifty- two there
were present seven or eight members of
the Legislature. Robert W. Wllcox, Ha
waii's delegate to .Washington, was
iimong those present. ' ;
Your name Asa means a gum, that was used anciently for healing, and so came
to be used as the, designation of a physician — a healer. Now, have you gummed that
Supervisor, ticket because it was nominated last, when you could not have, gummed the
same men had they been nominated first? The people "would like to know how and why
the order in which the nominations were made has affected the fitness of those candidates
whom you would have refused to lead had you seen them first.
Do you know, Mr. Wells, that according to your own statement' of the case jou
were bunkoed by the bosses, who put nvou in the position of leading a ticket sight and
unSeen, and then sprung on you a Supervisor ticket that so nauseated you that you
threatened to throw up your own nomination unless Flint went on? < Now, why Flint?
Was it because you counted noses and reputations on that ticket and decided that Flint
would hold the balance of power between dishonesty and unfitness and fitness and hon
esty, and that, your own reputation would be saved and safe if you had him there to
control the board? Was that not your real reason, Mr. Wells? If it were, why did you
surrender? You said "the leaders and Mr. Herrin" agreed with you. Then why did not
Flint go on? If you will tell the people these things it. may help you. It will at least
be dealing frankly with them, and that is a commendable policy in a public man. :; •• \u25a0% '
You have brushed aside the question of public franchises and other issues, as being
too petty for your consideration, and have said that the people "have -to take a Mayor
on- trust." - '\u25a0 : '•\u25a0\u25a0;'... . •\u25a0:.;. :\u25a0';\u25a0
Now, if they were sure they were taking you on trust, Mr. Wells, it might be all
right. But they don't know that and nothing that you have .done or said makes them
sure that they would be taking you on^trust. In view of what you have said about your
own Supervisor ticket and of your vacillation in the Flint matter it seems that you are. not
your own man; you are "some other iman's man. They don't care to take that other
man on trust. "The leaders and Mr. Herrin" appear to the people as the ones who are
to, be taken on trust if you are elected.^;
Now, frankly, Mr. Wells,, the people would rather deal with Mr. Herrin first hand
and not second hand. He is the real scene and you seem to be the curtain. On you are
painted good personal reputation, a fair record in the Auditor's office, and other pleasing
features. But when the bell taps and you are rolled up, the stage presents an entirely
different aspect. "The leaders and Mr. Herrin" are there with schemes and plans un
known to the people and not seen on you, as y the drop curtain. The, people don't want
to take them on trust. They made you lead a Supervisor ticket that made your gorge rise.
They made. you stay,on the ticket .when ( you deplaredyoii would go off; | They,liked you
for a drop curtain.- They wanted to present -the people with a fairy r scene; may we say
with wells; of living, water? and you suited them. v ~ '
j Yes, wlien it comes to taking one on trust, the people want to know who it is; You
did the pig-in-a-poke act when you took ah unnamed Supervisor ticket on trust, and see
where you landed, Mr. Wells! How can you advise -the people to do as you did, and to
be deceived as you were? ;
You say now, Mr. Wells, that the charter compels a Board of Supervisors to be;
good and that under the charter it can't be bad. Who told you that, Mr. Wells? How
do you know it to be true? When did any form of government make dishonest officers
honest? ' What discipline, rules, regulations and written forms, constitutions or statutes
ever wrought moral change in men. by their mere phraseology and form? Mr. Wells,
don't play the siren and sing that song to lullthe public-stomach into peace with that
Supervisor ticket that turned yours*. / .. •
You have said also that if the candidates for Supervisors had been nominated first
you would have refused to go on the ticket with them. If your heading such a ticket Avas
so improper that you would have refused knowing what it was, how did the situation
change when it was sprung on you after your nomination? As a question of political
logic can you tell why your leadership of an improper- Supervisor ticket became proper
because you were nominated first, when it would have .been improper if you had been
nominated last?. In what respect did the chronological -order of your nomination -heal
the immorality and impropriety of the Supervisor nominations?
Mr. Wells; you have said a few things as a candidate. >You said you would go off
the ticket if Mr. Flint did not go on. He did not go on and you have not gone off. Why
was it so important that Flint should go on the ticket, why did he not go on, and when
he did not, why did you not go off, as you said you would? What light did you see that
kept you on the ticket? The people have not seen it. Will you tell them -.why you stayed,
why you are the political Casabianca ,of the campaign, and remain on the burning deck
without Flint to keep you company? The people are going to vote for and against you
for Mayor. They want a man of decision of character in that responsible, executive
place. You may make some votes by telling them why you changed your mind and
stayed after your positive demand was ignored. Who ignored it? Who induced you to
stay and what was the inducement? <
THE election is near at hand and the candidates are going to judgment upon the
record ,they have made since their nomination, and, if they seek such offices as per
'mit personal discretion like that of Mayor and Supervisors, the power behind
their nomination is involved in the same judgment.
LET XJS T-AJLjE:, MR,. "V^E3L,IL,S.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1901.
HOME RULE PARTY IN HAWAII
NAMES WILCOX FOR GOVERNOR
6
Columbia— "The Henrietta."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
California— "Sporting lAie."
•rtvol i—r 'Carmen."
Central— "The Great Northwest." '
Grand Opera-house— "My Friend From India."
\u25a0 Grand* Opera-house — Grand opera, commencing November U.
. ' -Alcazar — "Tennessee's Pardner."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
«venins." "
Fischer's— Vaudeville. •
- Putro Baths — Open nights.
AMUSEMENTS.
' By W. P. Beau champ— This day, bazaar goods, at 0J8 How-
ard street.
By J. J. Do;le— This day, at 11 o'clock, Hors«s, *at 827
Sixth street. •
AUCTION sat.ps.
Special : information . supplied daily, to
business ; houses and', public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gpmery street.; Telephone Main 1042.. \u25a0\u25a0• •.'
.Townsend's California elace fruits, 50c &
pound, in • flre-etched boxes or • Jap bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friend"
639 Market street. Palace' Hotel building. \u2666
Cal. Glace Fruit BQo per lb at Towrisend's •
Choice candies. Tohwsend' a. Palace Hotel*
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
In Next Sunday's Call
Of\ Pa^ s Human Interest Stories OA
Beginning November 3
! THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE
SECTION WILL BE DEVOTED
. EXCLUSIVELY TO MATTERS OF
LOCAL 1 INTEREST BY BEST
KNOWN WESTERN WRITERS.
Beginning November 3
AN EXTRA EIGHT-PAGE SEC-
TION FOR WOMEN AND CHIL-
. dren, with Half-tone il-
LUSTRATIONS.
Special Arrangements Have Been Made
For Contributions From the Following
Famous Writers:
BaETHARTE, JOAQUIN MIL-
LER, MADGE MORRIS, INA D
COOLBRITH, KATHRYN JAR-
BOE, FRANK NORRIS AND PAU-
LINE BRADFORD MACKIE.
THE CALL'S ILLUSTRATIONS EXCEL
la) Psiges in All '*!±*+— 20For side rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
and holders of nine months* excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 23 to
November 10. inclusive. Limit 30 daya.
For timetables, descriptive literature and
full information call at Santa Fe offices,
C41 Market St., and ferry depot.- '
Special Bates
Lean is a professional wrestler and has
volunteered "his services In instructing
participants in the approaching wrestling
tournament in the Encina gymnasium
He has offered to teach the contestants
in the handball tournament the fine
points of the game and the proper hand
ball stroke. . ,
This Is not Lean's first work with Stan
ford athletes, he having been trainer to
the '96 varsity eleven. He hag also train
ed the University of California and Olym
pic teams. ' \u25a0 . : ' . \u25a0 '
H. W. Hill, left halfback, was also in
jured in to-night's practice. He has a
badly sprained ankle that may prevent his
playing again this season. If Hill does
not line up with the cardinal eleven on
November 9 their chances of winning will
be diminished perceptibly.
Al Lean, trainer and professional ath
lete,'has arrived on the campus and will
have charge of the rubbing of football
men during the days intervening before
the big game. • " . \u25a0
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 29.—
FYank H. Boren, fullback on the '99 var
sity eleven and candidate for varsity end
on this year's big eleven, sustained a
fracture of his left forearm at football
practice this evening-. Boren was smash
ing through the interf ftrence and when he
tackled the runner it was with such force
as to break his arm. just above the wrist.
This accident \u25a0will keep Boren out of the
big game, thereby weakening the cardinal
line, as he plays a fast, hard and\steady
game. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Boren Fractures an Arm
While at: Football .
Practice.
TWO STANFORD
MEN OUT OF IT
Roanoke Rye, Honey and Horehound;
Get It. You'll not regret it. , •
\u25a0 0: ' ,: . .- -• \u25a0 . •^\u25a0#*,".^z*-f * -\u25a0*\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0<\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0:\u25a0 •-\u25a0 \u25a0"\u25a0-
• A notice has been posted in the Custom
house at the request of Rene Hale wyck,
Belgian Consul, stating that vessels
bound for Belgium must procure a con
sular bill of health in addition to the usual
bill of health issued at the Custom-house.
If this consular bill of health be not pro
cured the vessel will, not be entitled to
pratique..
Notice to Belgium-Bound "Vessels.
At a meeting of the officers of the In
terstate Coursing Club yesterday it was
decided to hold the annual plains meeting
this year at Petaluma. The members of
the club will leave here on the evening of
November 11 and will course on the 12th,
13th and 14th. - - •
A 96-dog stake for a thousand dollar
purse will be the attraction. I
D. J. Healey, the Petaluma coursing
man promised that the ground would I be
in fine condition at that time. He also
assured the committee that \u25a0 spectators
could see every course. The hares will be
taken from this city. This will do away
with the tiresome "beating" for hares
which has been found necessary in recent
years In the Ban Joaquln Valley.
- The hospitable people- of Petaluma are
already planning for the reception and
entertainment of visitors. -
Plains Meeting There Early
'?}}#?*. in November. .
Interstate Club Will Sold Its Annual
I ! lfALiniIA SELECTED
FOB THE COTTRSINGr MEET
leader John A. Hammersmith of the
Olympic Club has arranged an elaborate
programme for ladles' night, this evening,
in the big Post-street Gymnasium. There
are several novelties promised, including
Japanese wrestling, feats In swordsman
ship and a novel tug-of-war. This latter
will be between six oarsmen and a like
number of wrestlers. The rope will be a
short one, to which will be fastened two
cleats. One man from each team will hold
these and the remainder of the men will
line up behind them, clutching one an
other around the waist. The complete
programme follows: :,
Roman rings, George Schlltter; rope Jump
ing Fred Bereers; bag punching, William J.
I^eonard and Danny Whalen; table and barrel
jumping. Stone brothers; comedy acrobats.
Leandro brothers; fencing. Professor Louis
Tronchet and E. Ortion; club Juggling, Harvey
Fairbanks; boxing, J. W. McCarthy \u25a0 and E.
Lundy. James Brltt and W. J.r Leonard; Jap
anese wrestling, K. Inuye and two pupils: mil
itary pastimes with swords. Colonel R. F.
Peed- wrestling Will \u25a0 Smith and James Mac
kenzie H B. Cornell and A. McKerron; tug
of war-Wrestlers. William McCulIough G.
Brawn A McKerron, M. Millwood, L. Hasa
bacher'ami G. Mclntyre. vs. Oarsmen. Alexan
der Pape C. Jenkins. R. B. Cornell. M. Harris,
F. Sherry and N. Pendereast.
An Elaborate Programme Arranged
for Ladies' Night in the Big Post-
Street Gymnasium.
CLYMPIAUTS TO ENTEBTAIN"
WITH. VABIED PASTIMES
NANAIMO, B. C, Oct. 29.— John Peacey
of Comox shot and killed a man named
Torrance this afternoon. Peacey was ap
proaching Torrance's farm, when he saw
what he believed was a deer and fired.
His bullet took effect and it was only
when he advanced to pick up his quarry
that he found he had shot his neighbor
Torrance, who had been digging a ditch.
Mistakes Neighbor for a Deer.
The. police have learned that- Sherman
always carried a revolver, as Elliott de
clared he did. . When Officer Pickering ar
rived at the house at 71 North Market
street no revolver belonging to Sherman
could be found and the Inmates denied
that he had one. A search is now being
made to learn if Sherman had sold or
pawned his weapon previous to his mur
der or if any of the inmates of the place
took the revolver and hid it.
Although Mrs. Sherman denied on the
stand that her husband forced her to lead
an immoral life, the police have discov
ered the charge to be true. Sherman ar
ranged for his wife to enter the place
where he was killed and Just before his
death had conducted negotiations himself
for her entering another house at 10 Orch
ard street. , .
Sherman's body will be shipped to his
mother In Indiana to-morrow.
STOCKTON, Oct. 29.— The records here
fail to show that the woman claiming to
be Mrs. Joseph "W. Sherman, whose al
leged husband was shot by Henry Elliott
In San Jose on Sunday. -was ever married
in this county. Her maiden name is Bray
and she has brothers and sisters here, all
of whom are respectable people. :
SAN JOSE, Oct. 29.— Harry Elliott, who
shot and killed J. W. Sherman on Sunday
night, was arraigned on a charge of mur
der before City Justice Cobb this after
noon. The complaint was sworn to by
Chlef of Police . Kidward. Elliott's pre
liminary examination was set for Novem
ber 6.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
In the seventh Xeill punished the Roch
ester man severely, but the latter re
mained firm on his legs. Neill tried re
peatedly for a knockout, but failed.
So it went to the , end. Neill's hardest
blows did not put Donovan down, nor did
he show any desire to quit. The fight
went to Neill on points. The winner
lought a steady, careful battle from the
start, cutting out all fancy moves and
unnecessary frills.
The first preliminary ended abruptly in
the second round. It was between Kid
Brooks of Chicago and Billy Bevert of
East Oakland. Brooks was knocked
down twice in the second round. The
second time he rested on one knee wait
ing for the timekeeper to tick off the
seconds. The timekeeper said, "Nine—
you're out," just as Brooks was ready to
resume the flg-ht. As he was officially
"out" the explanations he endeavored to
make 'proved unavailing.
Harry Foley stopped Jim Green In a
round and a half. Foley is tall and thin,
with some skill as a boxer. Green could
not fight and was battered all-over the
ring in the first round. He seemed dazed
and was only a punching bag for Foley.
In the second round some of Green s
wild swings landed and bothered his op
ponent. Foley finally knocked Green
down and his seconds threw up the
sponge to end the comedy.
A large crowd of sporting men went
over from this city. Among them was
Billy "SVoods, Corbett's old training part
ner at Carson.
It was announced that Kid Lavlgne ana
Tim Hegarty, the Australian champion,
would fight before the Acme Club on De
cember 10.
The latter proved game to the core and
seemed possessed of an iron face, which
ehed the. rain of blows as a duck shakes
water frojn its back.
There was an unusual amount of clinch
ing, and the men did a lot of hitting with
one hand free. Neill had a lead from the
start, which he never relinquished. He
went at Donovan when they came to
gether in the first round, missing- a vicious
right swing. He was more successful
with some left jabs to the head. ;
In the second round Neill continued jab
bing with the left, Donovan seeming un
able to g'et away from them. Donovan
was in distress at the end of the round,
two lefts to the body taking some of the
go out of him.
Neill tried a chop blow to the head in
the next round that worried Donovan.
Neill landed every blow known to the
ring, but each round found his sadly dis
figured opponent ready to fight when the
gong sent them together. Donovan was
bleeding profusely from cuts above each
eye. His seconds stopped the flow of blood
from the right eye, but Neill kept pepper
ing at the left, nearly blinding Donovan.
Al Nelll defeated Mike. Donovan In fif
teen rounds last night In the gymnasium
of the Acme Club, Oakland.' Donovan,
who is credited with having fought draws
with Mysterious Billy Smith, Rube Ferns
and other celebrities of the ring, proved
an awkward boxer, who is capable of tak
ing an awful beating without being put
out.
Slayer of Sherman Is
ArraignedinjSan
Jose. -••',.- ' " ;
Fight Goes the Limit
of Fifteen Full
Rounds.
NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— Czolgosz was
hanged In effigy at Hempstead, L. I., to
night, with elaborate ceremonial, among
hisses, catcalls and groans. Moses A.
Baldwin Post No. 44, G. A. R., marched
with the elaborately. constructed effigy to
Smith's Hotel, where It was swung up
into a tree and many pistol shots were
fired at it. Rockets, Roman candles and
red fire were burned, and under the
swinging effigy a fire of tar barrels was
started. Then amid the cheers of the
thousand or more persons who had gath
ered the effigy was cut down and allowed
to drop Into the fire, where It was con
sumed. • ;•:-:>.*"/••\u25a0.
Residents of a Long: Island Town Cel
ebrate His Death. ,- .
CZOLGOSZ EFFIGY HANGED.
HUHDEH CHARGE
AGAINST ELLIOTT
The body was placed in a black-stained pine
cofnn. every portion of the anatomy being.re
placed under the supervision of Dr. Gerin and
Warden Mead. Shortlyafterward It was taken
to the prison cemetery and extraordinary pre
cautions were taken to completely destroy It.
A few days ago under the Warden's order an
experiment was made to determine the power
Of quicklime in the destruction of flesh «id
bone, .which was not satisfactory. Warden
Mead, who conferred with some of the physi
cians present, determined, in conjunction
with Superintendent Collins, that the purpose
of the law was. the destruction of the body
and that It was necessary to use acid for that
end. Accordingly a carboy of acid was ob
tained and poured upon the body in the coffin
after it had been lowered into the grave. Straw
was used In the. four corners of the grave as
the earth was \u25a0 put in to give vent to such
"No anomalies were found. • The brain in
general is well developed, sufficiently marked
with fissures, and the lobes are of normal pro
portion." • . . -
brain and was of a highly technical character.
After scientifically describing to the minutest
detail the 'brain of the dead murderer, the re
port concludes as follows: .' .
gases as might form. It was the belief of the
physicians that the body would be entirely dis
integrated within, twelve hours. . ' . . . ;
NEILL DEFEATS
MIKE DONOVAN
I A lengthy report prepared this afternoon by
the autopsy surgeons related entirely to the
"The autopsy was made by Edward A. Spltr
ka of New York, under the immediate super
vision and direction of Dr. Carlos F. MacDon
ald of New York, and Dr. John Gerln, prison
surgeon. The autopsy occupied over three hours
and embraced a careful examination of all the
bodily organs, including • the brain. The exam
ination revealed a perfectly healthy state of
all the organs. Including the brain. All of the
physicians who attended the execution were
present at the autopsy and all concurred In
the findings of the examiners.
"JOHN GERIN..M. D. :
"CARLOS F. MacDONALD, U. D.
"E. A. SPITZKA." : . '; -
Brain* "Well Developed.
The autopsy was completed 6hortly before
noon, when the surgeons Issued the following
brief statement: ' \u25a0 •'\u25a0-
among the convicts. Scarcely a hundred peo
ple had gathered outside the prison gate to
watch the witnesses enter and wait until they
reappeared. The witnesses dispersed quickly,
some of them leaving for their homes as early
as 9 o'clock « . -
From the time Czolrosz had left his cell un
til the full penalty was paid less than four
minutes had elapsed. The physicians present
used the etethoscop* and other tests to de
termine it any life remained and at 7:17 the
"Warden, raisin* his hand, announced, "Gen
tlemen, the prisoner is dead."
The witnesses filed -from the chamber, many
\u25a0ol them visibly affected, and the body \u25a0was
tsJiPn from the chair and laid on the operat
ing tablet.
The Rev. Cordello Herrlck. chaplain of th«
prison, vas in the death chamber ready for
any call that might be made for his services.
He was rot wanted by the prisoner, however.
: The clolhlnir and personal effects of the pris
oner were burned under direction of Warden
Mead shortly after the execution.
When the body of Czolrosz had been removed
from tfct room where he was killed to the
autopsy table. Auburn Prison returned to thi
routine of its ordinary life. The prisoners who
had beer, kept locked In their cells were re-.
leased at 7:45 o'clock and prison work was re
eumed at once. There was no excitement
Then iust as it had reached that point
he threw the lever back again for two
or three seconds. The body, which had
collapsed as the current was reduced,
stiffened up again against the straps.
"When it was turned off araln Dr. Mac-
Donald stepped to the chair and put his
hand over the heart. He said he felt no
pulsation, but suggested that the current
be turned on for a few seconds again.
Once more the body became rigid. At
7:15 the current was turned off for good..
.-;.\u25a0 Announcement of Death.
It was Just exactly 7:11 o'clock when
the assassin crossed the threshold of the
death chamber.' Bufa minute had elapsed
and he had just finished the last state
ment when the strapping: was completed
and the guards stepped back. Warden
Mead raised his hand and at 7:13 Elec
trician Darts turned the switch that
threw 17M. volts of electricity Into the liv
ing body. The rush of the current threw
the body so hard against the straps that
they creaked perceptibly. The hands
clinched suddenly and the whole attitude
was one of extreme tension. For forty
live seconds the full current was kept
on and then slowly the electrician threw
the switch back, reducing the current volt
by volt until it was cut off entirely.
With these words Leon Czolrosz, the
assassin of President McKlnley, walked
to the death chair In the prison this morn-
Ing. A moment before the current ended
his miserable life he mumbled through the
half-adjusted face straps:
•'I am awfully sorry I could not see my
father." i '.- . • •• '•: . \u25a0 . _ -.• - -\u25a0
AUBURN, N. T., Oct. 23.— "I Wiled
the President because he was an
enemy of the rood people— of the
cood working people. I am not
Borry for my crime." '*'•- \."~>
Young Anarchist Who Struck Down the President of the United States at the Exposition in Buffalo
Boasts a Few Minutes Before His Death That His Abominable Deed Was Committed in the In,
terest of Working People, and His Only Regret Was That His Father Did Not Come to See Him
ASSASSIN CZOLGOSZ PRIDES HIMSELF ON CRIME
BEFORE ELECTRICITY ENDS HIS MISERABLE LIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY^ OCTOBER 30, 1901;
7
•RATL^AY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC. \
Trains I»i»*e nnil Jtr« <ln« to nrrlv* m%
. - MAN FKANVISVO.
(Main Lhie. Foot ot Market Street) L/
KBATB — FllOU OCTOBia 8, 1301. — ium
7:00 a Benlda, Sufiun; Elmira and Sacr*.
mento. «:t-1p
7:00a V»c»Till«, Winters, Rumsey 7:53r
« :3O a MarUnaz. 3»n Kamon. Vkllajo. Rftpa,
Caliatog* and Sauta. Itona.,-. StSSp
«:Ot> a DaTla, Woodland. Knigbts Landing,
MaryaTillMtrotillo.. 7(33r
SiOOa AUantio Kiprew— Ojden and E&st 1S:S3»
»:O«a. Mice, Lathrop, Stockton 7i23r
HiOOANUes. Mendota. Hanford. Ylsalia,
, rortorrUlo 4s0af
S:30 a Slisata Express— Datis, Willlami (tot
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Bed
Bluff, Portland. 7»53f
SiHOa Ban Jusa, IiTermore, Btocktou,
• lone, 8aerainent<>. Plaeerrula,
SIwryiTille, Chico, Ketl ISlult «sS3p
\u25a0 iSOa Oakdale, Oblnese,Sonora, Caiten... 4iS5p
9i00a Hsrward, Miles and Wsy Stations.. < I:*-}*
»:OOa VaUejo 12^83*
9i*««los Angeles Erpress — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton. Merced
Fresno and Los Ancolea 7»*3»
9>S0* Vallejn, Martluez autl Way SUUons ?sS3r
I O:W« A The Oierland Limited— Ogden, Den- - •
• Ter. Omaha, Chicago .S'l*'
tlt*)»pSaermmentotU«n8cemniera 13iO«*
»«80r> Jlayward, NH<"« and Way StaUont.. 7:»«»
4i«rOr Btmlela. Winters, Hacramtifto,
Wooilland. Knlihts I,aadloi,
Mxryifille. Orot Ille 10:35*
litOr Martinet. Han Kiiaon, Vallojo.
Nai». «J»ltotoi»«. Hanta Itcia. . . . .. .••»»*•
4tOOrNUe«, LiTermore. Stockton. Lodi... l*<33r
4iStirHsrward.Mlea.8aii Jose. liTtrmore 1«»»»*
«>30r Port Cosca. Tracy, Lathron, Stockton 10i33a
•:Ot»pTlia Owl Umitod— freauo, Tolare,
Bakenfleld. Bangns (ox SauU Bar- . _ \u25a0
bar*. Los Angeles »:33a
\u25a0tOOp Martinez. Antioch. Stockton. Me»- ..__
oed.Fresao 1**3»
S<8«FNew Orleans Ezprets— Mendota, •, >,-
Fresno. Bakenfield, Los Aneeles. I
Deminr. £1 Faao, New Orleans
and Esst I'2?*
•HlOp Bay ward, Nlies and Saa Jote .?'£?*
f«:O«p Vitllela lllS3«,
«iO«r Oriental Mall— Ogdea. Oheyenn*.
Omaha.Chloa(o —. I3s*3»
•H»O)r Oriental Malt-Ogden. Denyer.
St Lonis. Chicago. «i»3»
7>00p Oregon and CalUuroia JCxpreis,8ao> * ?• , .•
n»ieiit». MaryiTllle. lladillng, -
l'ortiniiii.' rtifet rtomid and Caak «i33a
MSrSin Pablo, Fort CoiU, Martlne* __ -,
and Way Stations 'I'??*
tliOSp Vallfj. 7»g3>
COAST LINE (Narrew ilange). 'Aj'iS'i
( Foot ot Market Street.) '
•jl3AN«warl(.CVi.tcrillle.fJanJo»e,Felton, """"
. Boulder Creek.Sauta Omx and Way
Buttons OiO©»
43il 3r Newark, Centerilllo, Ban Jose, New
A 1 mail en, relton, Ronlder Creek,'
Bantu Cna and Principal Wsy
Stations !J'J2*
4<ISp Newark, Han Josa, LesGatos jS&Oa
•9.8op Hunter*" Train— San Joaa and Way •__*LI <
Sutions t7.aa»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from 811 mSCISCO— ?wi if M&rkat Street (Slip 3>—
t'/:15 0:00 11:00 «.n. ' 1:03 3:03 6:13«".M.
fromOHLUa— r§tl »'BrMd»»j.— T'l:00 $8:00 t3:05
10.00a.m. 12:00 a.Q3 i:C3r.M. - .
COAST LINE (Broad Uaage).
(Third mid TownseitJ Sta.)
" B.io* San Joee snd Way HUtions. f'JJ*
7iOOA Han Joioa.n«l Way Buttons -V1« F
/7i«»A New Alinaden / 4«10»
WiOOAHan Jose. Tres Finos. Santa Crux.
Paeltle Ur.no, Hallnss. San Lnis
OUspo. BanU Barbara and Prin-
dpal Intermediate SUtlnns 1*155*
ltiS»A Baa Jose and Why SUUons. *«»•*
IIiSOa Ssu Joee anil Way SUUons 0«»0r
tS:43r San Mateo, lledwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. HanU Clara, Han Joaa, v
Tra« Finos. 8ant» Orn*. Salinas.
Monterey and l'aeille GroTe t 1 ? 8 !? 1
liSffr Ban Joeaand Wsy Buttons. !f : f? A
44il8r San Joiasnd Principal Way 8UU0118 1»:43a
tSiwOp San Josa. Los Gates and Prtneipal
Way Stations *2*22*
SsBOP San.) ose ami PHndp»l Way Statlona 8:36a
\u25a0•OOP Redwood. San Jo*««. Gnroy, 8aUnas,
Santa Bsrbar*, Loa Angdes 1 *'2 S *
CiSOr San Jose and Way Buttons tS'SHi
aJli4»P San Joie and Way SUtlnua OiSOT
X for Morning. I* for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. t onry.
• latordayonly.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Liim'd Ovri'd Local
Daily • Dally Dally
Lr. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a I 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:lt p
" Fresno.... 2:03 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
"Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalia.... *:40p 4:48 a
" Bakrsflld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
"Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
•• Chicago...)........ 2:1S p [ 9:00 p
a for morning', p for afternoon.
•1l id. train is the California Limited.
leaving 1 Monday and Thursday only, car-
rying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining-
Cara through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to BakersSeld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class tick-
ets are honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakers field Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily. -
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot; San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land.
CALlf 0SN1A ROBTBWESTEII IT. Cfc
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAClfifi
RAILWAY COMPANY.
j Tlburon fny, ft* •* atafert »
"I-.';'.. San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. in. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday a— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:50. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. S:50.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40, 6:15 p. rn. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 p. m. '
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San yranclaco. |April 28. 1301. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- | . I Sun- I "Week
Days. I days. {'Destination.! days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Movato, 10:40 am 8:40 am -
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm i :20 pm
I . Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton, ,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:33 am 5:00 pm Ilopland 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am and Uklah. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am • Sonoma 9:13 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami - 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm {^5 :00pm | Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdalo
for the Geysers; at ilopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrln Heights, Hull vl lie. Git's * Hot
Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, West-
port. ' Usal, Wllllta, Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. - ' - #
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re- -
duced rates. "
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street, Chronicle
building. - ... \u25a0
H. C WHITING. , R. X. RTAN. "
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
J1OUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
• L*ave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
l:15p. A -"-* € * kB * I " lJ *' |5:55j>.J
Ttn. 3»a TrwidKo to Sontott ud IWnra, tl.ML
Bekrt OOcm. «H 1U&UT KUIX mod SAOSAIHO RBSr
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABXT ST. .Established
In 1 334 tor the treatment of Private
Dlmases. Lo*t Manhood. Debility or \u25a0
disease wearlngon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when. .
others fall. Try him. ; Charges low. *
t'n«»gnsranlffd. Callorwrit*
Dr. J. *"• WIBBOH. tiao Jranclsco. Cat .
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Cold
In the
Head and
Catarrh
Some people don't pay much atten-'
tion to a cold in the head, expecting it
10 cure itself, but it is just such little
things as a cold in the head that grow
to bigger things, to more terrible dis-
eases. For instance, catarrh is a
chronic cold in the head. It is a nui-
sance and an annoyance, both to the
fufi'erer and the sufferer's friends. It
means a foul breath and the nasty, dis-
agreeable habit of constantly choking,
expectorating, snuffling and hawking.
It is a condition that no person ought
to be in and any one who will use
Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine will
be relieved of it in short time.
Halpruner's cannot cure catarrh in-
stantly, because catarrh is chronic in-
flammation of long standing, and it
takes a little time and patience before
a cure can be effected.
Halpruner's will cure a cold in the
liead almost instantly. Inhale the va-
por o: the medicine and take a tea-
spoon Ful in a glass of milk or water
every hour. The internal dose cures
tlie cause and the inhalations give im-
mediate relief.
All druggists sell Halpruner's Won-
derful Medicine, but some may try to
talk you out of buying it. Pay no at-
tention to them, but demand the genu-
ine ' '
/falprunerV
|s 50c and $i a bottle — the $i size con-
tains three times the quantity of the
: small size. •
During September I took a very severe
cold. I was treated by two physicians;
also had steam baths, without relief. I
went by sea to Tacoma, and on my re-
turn I prew worse, having- the appearance
of consumption. A friend advised me to
take Dr. Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine
Internally every hour. It cured me In 'five
days. PETER JOHNSON,
Shoemaker and Farmer.
: Petaluma, Cal.
i f\ Trial Treatment.
Dr. Halpruner will give sufferers a trial
•treatment free every afternoon, except
Sundays, between 2 and 5 o'clock, at his
office, 28 California street, S. F., Cal.
DISORDERS /*f"\
MEN-' Mr
BY FAR THE GREAT- rfy\sS&il\&
er number of patients 5~T V V 11 II VsT-
eeeklDK relief for so-called \V \ frk/l //
weukseee are strong. U \J\ yl //
robust men la every other ,*\u25a0'
respect Loss of Vitality, Prematureness, etc.
fire net weaknesses, but the symptoms of In-
flammatory processes In the Pro«tate Gland
(so-called Deck of bladder) caused by contracted
<3!sord<frB and too often repeated and too Ions
continued excitement. Under our local plan of
treatment, direct*! toward reducing the en-
larged and Ewollea Prostate. Immediate re-
cults, a« Indicated by Increased circulation and
renewed etrenrth. are observed. Our colored
chart of the organ*, which \u25a0we send free on
cppllciLtlon. is Interesting to any one wishing
to etu<!y the anatomy of the male.
DR. 1AIC0TT & CO., 997 Market St
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
fMUSEUII OF ANATOMY*
6 GM «J:i£issK=x.tf..eti«7ti,s.r.Cii. I
\ iqT^ The Lu-rest ABatomical Museum in the \"
0 m <Hjk World. Weakaeatct or tny contracted ft
fc£ Vrt ***»»« l"»»««l»«-lyc»r»d by tbt oldest T
W /f-81 1 '" on "»e Co*it EiL 36 yesrs. O
4 V *3^fi DR * JO E D^-D1SEASES OF MEN A
i a I $.\£ftl B Consnltation free sod strictly prhrate.
J § I '|¥l Treitment personaliy or by letter. A J
\\ I Er *n \u25a0 /"untite Cure in eterycs&e undertaken. -
*ril HA Writefor Book.Pnil.O««rnVof - 1
T • U I 1 * BAnnUtK. MAILED FREE, fAl
11 O i> valuable book for Bins) _- - ,
V t»It. JOBDA9 * CO.. 1051 Market Ht. . 8. P. < '
AMUSEMENTS. ' .; |
tf* ft I 1 1 u D I A SAN nwKsco's
VU LU Kl D_l S\ LEADING THEATRE
LAST 4 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
STUART ROBSON
In Bronson Howard's Greatest Comedy,
"THE HENRIETTA."
Last Performance Saturday Night.
FYTRAf BEGINNING
J3A. I l\/\; MONDAY.
Engagement of
SARAH CO WELL i
LE MOYNE,
America's Grandest Actress,
In the Brilliant Historical Play,
THE FIRST CHARLES
DUCHESS OF I"wPf
MABLBOROUQH l «-'=-
' SEAT SALE BEGINS TO-MORROW.
*TiyoLi*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
LAST WEEK OF GRAND OPtRA.
To-night, Friday. Saturday Nights,
"CARMEN."
Thursday, Sunday Nights and Saturday
Matinee,
"LA BOHEME."
Sunday Afternoon,
[ BENEFIT VERDI MEMORIAL FUND.
Monday, Nov. 4— First appearance In America of
POLLARD'S JUVENILE OPERA CO.
In THE BELLE OF NEW YORK.
.V) TALENTED CHILDREN.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees.
POPULAR PRICES. *... 25c, 50c and 73c
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAY.
To-night and Every Evening This "Week.
WALTER B. PERKINS,
The Clever Comedian, in
"MY FRIEND FROM INDIA,"
Another of H. A. Du Souchet's Funny Comedies
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c, COc, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All' Matinees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium. :
NEXT WEEK — — -
Walter E. Perkins in "THE NEW BOY."
Belasco & Thall, Managers.
ALL THIS WEEK.
A Popular Revival of
TENNESSEE'S
PARDNER..
j Bret Harte's Beautiful Romance.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Next— "NANCY AND COMPANY."
EXTRA MATINEE ELECTION DAY
(TUESDAY. NOV 5TH.)
TO-NIGHT— Every Evening this Week.
, MATINEES SATURDAY "and SUNDAY.
THE HIT OF THE SEASON.
THE GREAT
NORTHWEST.
The Most Stupendously ' Spectacular of All
•*\u25a0 Great, Melodramas. .. '. - . .
DDTCC Evenings.'. '....'....lOc, 7 15c, 25c, 33c, 50c
rnivCJ Matinees........ ....... .....10c. 15c, 25c
: NEXT WEEK— "NORTHERN LIGHTS."
iriQPHiyR'^! CONCERT HOUSE,
GEISSLER - HIRSCHHORN TYROLEAN
TROUPE; 4 Symo and Syma; Cella DeLacy;
Eleanore Jenkins; -The Laskeys; Christian ; r
Christy,' Tramp Juggler, and Hinrlchs' Or-
chestra. Reserved Seats, 25c • Matinee Sunday.
SUT R O E» £% T HS. '
OPEN i NIGHTS ; open dally from 7 " a. \u25a0 ni. . to
11 p. m. : bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
Admission ' 10c/; children 5c; bathing, r. including
admission, 25c, . children 20c. On and after Mon-
day, Nov. 1,1901, the Sutro baths cloee at 6 p.m.
AMUSEMElirrS.
EVERY EVENING— MATINEE SATURDAY.
The New York and London Success
SPORTINGLIFE
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
IN OLD KENTUCKY
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
EXTRfl I
Elllnghojise and Oppenheimer Beg to Announce
Three explanatory recitals at the piano on.
"WAQNESR.
(Preliminary to the Season of the Metropoli-
tan Opera Co.).
BY MR. WALTER DAMROSCH.
PRICES: Season — Orchestra $4. Balcony
$2 50: Single Seats, Orchestra $1 50, Balcony
Jl, Gallery 50c.
SUBSCRIPTION SALE CLOSES TO-DAY.
SINGLE SEAT TO-MORROW.
MATINEE TO-DAY, Wednesday, October 30.
Parquet, any seat. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
ALL HEADLINERS!
Lillian Burkhart and Co., Miyo San.
Harris and Walters, Leslie Broth-
ers, Beaux and Belles, Mignonette
Kokin, Francis I»e Page, John
. Geiger and the Biograph.
CHUTES ANI^ZOO "sa^ET
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
HARRY HARMON,
In His Sensational High Dive.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
THE A MA TEURS
And an INTERNATIONAL LADIES' WOOD-
SAWING CONTEST.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these-
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers, who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan.
GRAND HOTEL. ~
j^DEWEy,SrRONB&CO/gg> L
& j)
MARKET ST. S^SmS^
*H» CHICHKSTErVS ENGLISH
Pennyroyal, pills
H#~^Tk wrtelual and Only Geaulno. -
WJ .y&*J\ SAFE. Al»«?i rtll»W». Ladloo, ut Dmcrtrt
/yyS&l '<>' CHICHJESTER-8 KNOiIh
fc^**y»*kla KEI> «n* Gold m,!^U« »o«.. «I<1
]Vi ** «J »an«oro«» HubttltaUoaa and IaUt*.
/ i * fD Oo »»- Bay of jnr Dragfin. «r Mai 4«. la
•' *tf «t»nw fbr Partl«nlar», Tt.tlm.nl.!.
\"C. K> **><l"ReIl«r for Ladle*." <»(•((»\u25a0, 6/ r«.
•A. V.-/1' turn Mall. 1 ft.OAO ThUimi lal*. a»U by
\A/. X. HESS,
N0TAKY PUBLIC AND ATT0BNST-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor," Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldgr.
TeleDhone Main 983.
Residence, 821 California st., below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1501. \u25a0\u25a0
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
tiQBIH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausoilt* fnf.
Commencing September a>, 1901. -.CA-^:
FROM SAN FKAM CISCO TO MIL.L. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30, »9:30, 11:00 a. m..
•1:45 3:15, 4:15, 5:15, *6:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, .Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '8:00, •10:00. \u25a0 •11:30 *. m., '1:1a
3:15, »4:45. 6:30, 9:30 p.«m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN • FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-»5:25, 6:27. 7M5. 8:35. 10:15
a. m., *12:25. 2:15, »3:35, 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m. .
SUNDATS-6-.15. »8:00. ,; »10:00. 11:45 a. m.
•1:40 *3:15. 4:43, *6:30 p.m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY. TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 6:45, *;55. 8:55, 10:30 a. rn '
12:35 2:45.3:50.5:10 p.m.- ... '
EXTRA TRIPS- on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m./ 12:05 2:15 : 3:30
5:00.6:45 p. m. • . . . ' * '
. THROUGH TRAINS.
\u25a0 6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadcro and way sta-
tions. - - ' .
• 1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations..-,
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills . and way
stations. -r- ! •; ; . - •\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0. \u25a0 . . .
- Legal Holidays boats and trains wiU run on
Sunday, time. •
' jj^_' '\u25a0" ' . ' _ ADVEBTISEMEITTS. . . •; -__
McGLURES
f*OR NOVEMBER
- In all its fifteen artichs, stories, etc f with splendid
illustrations, will rouse the af miration and delight of .
all magazine lovers; The most timely article is
THEODORE ROOSEVELT
By WILLIAM ALLEN WHITE
A masterly presentation of the man's character written with frank,
absolute sincerity, and with an acumen and insight that no one else,
Thoroughly Equipped from Personal Acquaintanceship,
has ever brought to bear upon the. personality of Theodore Roosevelt. It
i makes clear just what kind of a President such a man is bound to make.
There. is no other writer devoting himself to this special branch of litera-
ture — the character study — who has the endowment, the literary art of ex-
: pression, that William Allen White has. It is a rare and great achieve-
\ ment to make
A Real Man as Typical and Interesting as a Great '
h Character in a Novel.
This is an article from which historians of the future will be able to get at'
the real man.
The Fastest Race Ever Run
Nothing more exciting in the way of sport has ever occurred than the won- -
derful automobile race from Paris to Berlin— SO miles an hour at times and on
.ordinary roads! Walter . Wellman's graphic, thrilling account takes us at
breathless speed with the .dust-choked winner along the perilous route lined
with spectators. ;
With His Back To The Wall
c By J. M. Rogers Is a powerful story of . ward politics that will be welcomed
by every man whether • he understands the game or not, and by every wo- :
man who wants to understand.
Colonel Joslyn, U. S. A.
He was an American on his travels and came from Dakota. Warm hearted
and genial, he tried to be friendly with a party of exclusive foreigners and
was severely snubbed. How he got in his innings afterward makes a de-
lightful comedy", in which robbers, bandits and uppish foreigners are worst-
ed In fine fashion. Four full page illustrations by Keller.
TEN CENTS A COPY
Our programme for next year is now ready to be announced.
Send postal for handsome illustrated prospectus in colors.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. : . #
I O'BRIEN & CO. I
I Will Place on Sale THIS DAY |
j 200 Garments; I
§ , CONSISTING OF* •
S LADIES' TAILORED SUITS. : •- •
| LADIES' CAPES, LADIES' SKIRTS. : "; •
• LADIES' JACKETS, LADIES' WAISTS. -'\u25a0\u25a0.; ')\u25a0 : - : •
8 MISSES' CAPES, CHILDREN'S CAPES. . J
S Value for $5.00, $6.oo, $7.5o'and $10.00. The entire lot will «
§ be closed out . " : •
i At $2,00 Each. I
ij. O'BRIEN & CO., I
I 1146 MARKET STREET. J
'^^^^afM^^ag Heavy double wire
mattress, steel tempered springs,
• I Sanitary Mattress; XX »n nn \u25a0
. ticking; weight thirty *O.UU. \u25a0
\u25a0 pounds.. ...$3.5O — — .
': \u25a0' Credit if youvwish it,;and free
V. „ I- sj delivery in Oakland. Alampda
and Berkeley. We close at 6 ex-
f-? 1 y- S^g'jjfJL" w^5 ' \u25a0 c * (^P t " on Saturday. . j
1 "^^^m0R:- T.vBrimant. :
\u25a0"\u25a0 FURNITURE^GO.
. White , Enameled Iron BeJ, / 338-342 "POST STREET, > \u25a0\u25a0
a e b Xh.^! D !!^:«|.o^, Opposite Union Square. - ', ||WIFE OF CHINESE MINISTER
AT WASHINGTON AND CON
SUL. GENERAL^
Hugh Triel, a young man, was held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Cabanlss yesterday on a charge of
burglary in $1000 bonds. He is accused of
breaking into the foundry, 219 Main street
September 22 and rifling the telephone
box. Eugene Cazneau was held to an
swer by Judge Cabaniss in $2000 bonds for
attempting to rob Charles Romano, bar
ber, while entering his residence to the
rear of 744 Broadway. L. C. Miller was
held to answer by Judge Fritz In $300
bonds on a charge of felony embezzle
ment preferred against him by Kohler &
Chase.
Defendants Held to Answer.
The Associated Oil Company was re
cently Incorporated with of $40.
000,000, and two-thirds of the producing
oil companies are represented in the cor
poration. It Is predicted by prominent oil
operators that the Associated Company
will place the oil business in this State on
a satisfactory and paying basis.
The oil operators who met yesterday
discussed the individual appraisement of
the companies to bo combined, and the
work will be continued until satisfactory
arrangements are perfected to gather the
oil-producing Interests under one man
agement. \u25a0•. •\u25a0.:••
The thirty big oil-producing companies
of the State that are represented In tho
gigantic combine sent officials to the
meeting. It is understood that the va
rious oil Interests have been carefully in
spected by experts, and their reports will
be passed upon by the directors of the-
Associated Oil Company.
The first of a series of Important meet
ings of the directors of the mammoth As
sociated Oil Company of California was
held yesterday afternoon in the offices of
W. S. Porter in the Mills building.
Directors Hold First of a
Series of Important
Meetings.
OIL COMBINE
NOW AT WORK
The Pope recently sent Sinkiewicz, the
author of "Quo Vadis," which was so well
liked at the Vatican, a marble tablet of
the time of the Emperor Constantine, re
cently, found in the Ostriand Cemetery.
Dr. C. J. 'Kenyon filed^a suit again3t
Charles V. . Talmadge \u25a0 yesterday . to re
cover $2777 alleged to be due for medical
services rendered Mrs. Talmadge. In his
complaint Dr. Kenyon alleges that he
operated upon Mrs. Talmadge in 1899 for
appendicitis and that her husband has
since refused to pay him his fee.
Dr. Kenyon-Sues for Large Fee.
The Dunham, Carrigan. & Hayden Com
pany and* other creditors filed a petition
yesterday in the United States District
Court asking that the Redwood Manufac
turing Company of Trinidad, ' Humboldt
County,^ be declared an involuntary insolv
ent. The allegation is made that the firm
owes more than $1000. A. E. Carey, rail
road brakeman, Sacramento, filed a peti
tion In insolvency. He owes $458 90 and
has no assets.
Petitions in Insolvency.
I assume that this question has no reference
to the case of a conspiracy to intimidate and
prevent a- citizen from laboring for or render-
Ing services to the Government of the United
States, and that it la only intended to em
brace the case of a conspiracy to intimidate or
prevent a citizen ; from his enjoyment of his
right to labor for private persons within the
limits of this district, or to carry on any other
private business in which he may be engaged.
Thus Interpreting the question my answer
is that the act of conspiracy to which it re
fers is not an offense under sections 5508 and
5519 of the Revised Statutes o/ the United
States.
Judge de Haven explained that State
statutes covered the matter. . \u25a0
Some weeks ago, when acts <tf lawless
ness were rife on the part of strikers and
sympathizers with them, the Federal
grand jurors took evidence and made cer
tain Investigations which convinced them
that an active conspiracy existed, having
for its object the intimidation of citizens
not members of labor unions from work
ing for their daily bread. The jurors
thereupon addressed an official Inquiry to
Judge de Haven, who made the following
reply yesterday:
Gentlemen of the Grand Jury: I have had
under consideration the following question sub
mitted by you: ."When evidence is submitted
to us which shows that two or more persons,
acting in conjunction, have conspired to hinder.
intimidate or prevent certain citizens from
following their usual avocations within the
limits of the State, and northern district of
California, would we be lustifled in indicting
the said person* under tlie Drovlsions of.sec
tions 5508 and 5519 of the Revised Statutes of
the United States."* -
Turnbull did not appear In court to con
test the suit. Mrs. Turnbull was placed
on the stand and the decree was granted
aftershe had answered the few Questions
put to her. She said that during all the
time sh<3 lived with .Turnbull he had only
given her 40 cents, and that since he de
serted her she had been compelled to live
with her mother.
Judge Sloss . granted Nellie Turnbull a
divorce from Walter- Turnbull Jr. yester
day on the ground of failure to provide.
She 1 was granted .permission to resume
her maiden name, Nellie Hoyt.
- Turnbull Is the son of General Walter
Turnbull of the National Guard. He mar
ried Miss Hoyt April 10, 1900, and they
lived together for seven months, Turnbull
deserting his wife in October. .:
Swears That Her Husband Only Gave
I Her Forty Cents in. Seven •:;{ - : .
Months".
MRS. NELLIE TITRITBTTLL
• • IS GRANTED A DIVORCE
Ask Judge de Haven for
Opinion About Law
of Conspiracy.
FEDERAL JURORS
HANDLE STRIKE
"Mr. Fenollosa called attention to the
manner in which the Japanese,! with but
three of the simplest tones, were able
to present without confusion the most
difficult and complex scenes. He ad
vised modern artists to study the Japa
nese simplicity of design and coloring.
During his lectures the speaker frequent
ly related little l incidents in connection
with the prints which shed light on the
character, likes and dislikes, manner o£
dress and personal adornment of the peo
ple of the. Mikado's empire. He told how
the 'women in various ages dressed their
hair, and how no females were allowed
on the stage of a Japanese theater.
He also told of the changes which have
taken place in the Japanese- physiognomy.
These changes v/ere aptly illustrated by
the prints. In the commencement o-f tho
art, Mr. Fenelocsa pointed out, the feat
ures of the Japanese face were strong,
almost classical, while in modern times
the face as rspresented by the artists
has become peaked, the eyes mere silts
and the mouth a mere dot. . "\u25a0" • .
The pictures aptly show how one Japa
nese advanced the science from where
his predecessor left off, and how, with
the improvement of the art, the Japa
nese learned to blend their color so as to
lend softness to the scenes. .
Ernest F.* Fenollosa delivered another
of his interesting lectures" yesterdsry af-!
tcrnoon in the parlors of the First Unite
rian | Church on Japanese prints. , ; Tha
lecture was ] the first of his second' series
of ; three under i he auspices of the Chan
nlng Auxiliary Society. The speaker pre
sents his subjects," all on Oriental topics.
In a very vivid and entertaining manner,
and in consequence the addresses have
been exceptionally well attended.
The discourse yesterday was appropri
ately illustrated by reproductions of the
prints which have been executed by the
most famous of the Japanese artists. Tha
pictures in themselves presented a com
plete history of the art of making prints
in Japan, commencing with the most sim
ple forms in which but a very few tonps
were used and gradually leading to the
grand culmination of the art when a»l
colors were used and when the artist die
not hesitate -at the representation in
prints of the most difficult pictorial prob
lems.' : \u25a0 -
Commences Second Series of
Lectures Before Large
Audience.
E. F.,Fenollosa Tells of
Development of Ori
. • ental Prints.;,
TALKS ABOUT
VAPANESE
Frank Williams, Thomas Sullivan \u25a0 an3
Edward Alwer were arrested late Thurs
lay night on a charge of attempt to com
mit- robbery. "They, held* up .Wllliain
Smith, 217 Third street, on Mission, near
Third, and were caught by Policeman
Harrison before they succeeded in rob-
Ding him. They appeared In Judge Mo
fan's court • yesterday and the case was
tontinued, . ••\u25a0\u2666 , . \u25a0-\u25a0 • -.' „ - •
f ' — T '
Tried to Rob Smith.
Daniel Murphy, who says he is an in
spector for the Pacific States Telephone
Company, was arrested early yesterday
morning at 501 Post street in the act of
opening a telephone box. Professor L.
Rosenberg detained him until a policeman
arrived. Before the officer made his ap
pearance Murphy threw away a bunch of
keys and some slugs. He was booked on
a charge of petty larceny and the xase
was called before Judge Conlan, but was
continued till November 2. There . is a
similar charge pending against Murphy
bef ore Judge Conlan for rifling a tele
phone box in a house on Polk street.
Tried to Bob Telephone Box.
A charge has been preferred before the
Police Commissioners by Captain Splllane
against Policeman C. D. Staples for being
oat his beat. Sergeant Shaw, who report
ed the case, alleges that about 3 o'clock
Saturday morning last an intoxicated man
fired four shots at Fourth and Clara
streets. The sergeant and Policemen
Heinz and Flynn heard the shots and
ran to the scene, but the shooter had dis
appeared. It was on Staples' beat, and
as *he did not appear the sergeant blew
his whistle and continued blowing it till
«ie reached Fourth and Bluxome streets
When Staples made his appearance he
said he had not heard any shots nor whis
tles.
Says Staples Was Off His Beat.
Leonard Nott, an ex-policeman and un
ion teamster, has disappeared. He was
arrested several weeks ago on a charge
of robbery for holding up Special Officer
C. H. Carrington and taking his revolver,
star and money from him on September 7.
The case was assigned to Judge Cabaniss'
court and Nott was released on $500 bonds.
The matter was taken before the Grand
Jury and an indictment was returned
against JCott, his bonds being, fixed by
Judge Dunne in $500. Since then Nott has
not been seen, and some days ago Judge
Cook, to whose court the case was as
signed, issued a bench warrant for hl:>
arrest. The case was again called yes
terday, but as there was no return on the
berch warrant the hearing was again con
tii ued.
Mrs. Rosina McAfee of 826 Greenwich
street reported to the Coroner yesterday
afternoon that Harry R. McAfee, her
tusband, had been missing 6lnce the 25th
'«^. At the time he was on a schooner
ii. Howard-street wharf.
Disappearance of Two Men.
Bakers' Union Sued.
Ruediger & Loesch, proprietors of the
Vienna Bakery on Larkin street, filed a
suit against Bakers' Union No. 24 yester
day for $10,000 damages, which they allege
they have suffered by reason of a boy
cott levied on their bakery by the union.
They allege that the members of the
union by threats of violence and false
representation are endeavoring to entice
away from their employment the journey
men bakers and confectioners in their
employ. They pray that a receiver be ap
pointed to take charge of the property of
the union and that the union be adjudged
an unlawful combination in restraint of
trado and that It be dissolved by a decree
of court.
H.' A.. Taylor, Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury* has decided the matter of the
application of A. Lev! & Co. of San Fran
cisco in regard to the question of repack
ing tea in bond for export purposes. In
denying 'the application Secretary Taylor
says: \u25a0;•...-. _;V.. •\u25a0\u25a0 • . " .
A» teae are neither drugs nor articles re-
QUired to be changed from one package to an
other for purposes of ! preservation It is mani
fest that such merchandise Is net" entitled to
the privilege accorded by the law allowing- ma
nipulation of goods In. bonded warehouse.
In June last It was discovered that the prac
tice had existed at San- Francisco under the
administration of a former Collector of • per
mitting the repacking \u25a0 of lea. in warehouse to
meet the requirements ' of. the export trade
with Mexico and to facilitate the commerce
of the port, and on June 27, 1901, the depart
ment Informed the Collector that no authority
was found In the law or regulations for reviv
ing the practice, which has,* been discontinued
by the present administration' of the port.
Whatever may be the hardships resulting
from the discontinuance of the practice afore
said, the department finds no authc^ty of law
for restoring the same, . and - your application
is necessarily denied...- ; . .-'. ;\u25a0 -
Forbidden Practice at This Port Will
•\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0-.': Mot Be Permitted to Be
Revived.
JBOMTJED TEA MUST 1TOT
BE REPACKED FOB EXPORT
Last evening after a rest Madame Wu
kindly consented to be interviewed. She
is a wonderfully bright little woman, who
speaks excellent English. In fact, she is
very careful to speak slowly so that she
cannot possibly make a grammatical er
ror. She takes special pride in talking
about Miss Wu Ching LJng, a little dam
sel of blushing 17, who is a distant rela
tive of hers, and whom she has adopted
as her daughter and brought to this coun
try and will introduce In Washington so-
* Mrs. Wu," as she likes to be called, was
not feeling at all well. As her brother.
Ho Yow, explains It, she Is a woman with
a wonderfully small foot, and a .wee bit
of a pedal extremity is not productive of
comfort when one is traveling. Besides,
as her brother further suggested in ex
cuse for her indisposition, she had to cat
in the saloon cabin and indulge in Euro
pean cooking while on the voyage, which
she does not like and never will learn to
like.
visit to Peking. On disembark
ing from the steamer she was met at the
dock by Ho Yow, the Chinese Vice Con
sul of this port, who is her brother. Sho
was taken to the consulate, where she
will remain during her two weeks' stay
before leaving to join her husband, the
distinguished diplomat at Washington.
MRS. WU TING FANG, wife of
the Chinese Minister at. Wash
ington, arrived in this city yes
terday after a three months*
Mrs. Wu is deeply grieved over the as
sassination of President McKInley. Dur
ing her stay in Washington she met the
President often, and now she cannot find
words to express her sympathy for Mrb.
McKinley in her bereavement.
Mrs. Ho Yow. the wife of the Vice Con
sul, accompanied Mrs. Wu from the
Orient, and yesterday in the Chinese Con
sulate was a day of happy reunion.
ciety this winter. This young lady, judg
ing from the size of her feet, must be a
Chinese aristocrat through and through.
She has roguish eyes and a dainty little
walk - that is bound to. make- a sensation
when she makes her initial bow. Mrs.
Wu : says that she will give a dinner in
Washington soon after her arrival at the
capital, and then no doubt society columns
will devote paragraph after paragraph to
dainty Miss Wu Ching lAng. ,The young
lady's parents are both dead, and from
her mother she inherits quite a large for
tune.
Joe McGrath and George Murphy were
arrested es.rly yesterday morning on Ma
son street by Policemen Clark and Cul
linane and booked at the City Prison on
a charge of burglary- They appeared be
fore Judge Cabanlss and after being in-
Btructed_ and arraigned the case was con
tinued till to-morrow.
Clark. and Cullinane saw the two men
walking along Mason street, each with
new shoes on and unlaced. Each also had
a bundle under his arm, which contained
two pairs of shoes. After being ques
tioned they admitted having entered th«
shoe store of George Pollock. 1155 Market
street, through a. rear window and steal
ing- the shoes, leaving several other pairs
in a convenient place to be carried away.
The two men are unknown to the police,
but they said they were ex-soldiers and
had recently returned from Manila.
\u25a0 George •. O. Thompson, alias Joseph
Courtney, alias Gus Roberts, an ex-con
vict, was arrested at an early hour yes
terday morning by Policeman Chappella
and taken to the Central Police Station,
where Manuel Terry, whose room at 559
Minna street he had entered and stolen
five suits of clothes and other articles
from, was waiting for him. Terry recog
nized the suit Thompson was wearing as
one of those stolen and Thompson struck
him in ' the face and bolted, but he was
quickly overtaken by Chappelle and book
ed at the City Prison on a charge of bur
glary. Thompson has already served a
term for burglary.
They Are All Caught "With the Stolen
: . \u25a0•\u25a0;• Property in Their Fos
'. session.
TEIO OF BtTRGLABS
AEE IN THE TOILS
Registrar Walsh states that it looks as
though approximately 03,000 citizens will
be entitled to vote at the coming elec
tion. As about 10 per cent of the regis
tration generally is not voted at an elec
tion, Walsh believes that the vote .will
aggregate 53,000. or even less v
The returned envelopes came largely
from the Thirty-ninth Assembly Dlsrtcit,
while many were from the Twenty-eighth
and Thirt>vsecond districts, comprising
part of the section south of Market
street. Few have been returned from the
Fortieth \u25a0 and Forty-first districts, show
ing that there have been few '. removals
there. 'In all cases where the envelopes
are returned the Registrar's clerks are
irarklng the word "moved" opposite th
jiame in the register, and the man desii
inB 1o vote the name will be "challenge 1
snd unless he can prove that he still lives
in the. \u25a0 precinct, fn which he Is registered
he. will net be permitted to vote.
The envelopes were addressed to voter?
•who had registered their names durin.j
the two years past, and : were returnee
by the postotlice otdcia'.s with the infor
mation that in .nost cases the parties had
either moved or there was no sucn num
ber ixe, written on the envelope. It is ex
pected that 'several thousand more envel
opes bo addressed will be returned, brlns
iiig the total amount to 15,000. This num
ber will reiiresent the ded^rtion to b«
made from the total registration of 77.8S1
cs returned by the Registrar when regis
tration closed iast month.
Nearly 10,000 envelopes addressed to vo
ters by Registrar Walsh have been re
turned to the office of the Election Com
mission within the last few days. " The
envelopes contained sample ballots for the
next municipal election and a circular of
instruction to voters. .
Registrar Walsh Says Total
Vote Will Fall Below
56,000.. ; ••-
Many Thousand 'Enve
lopes Addressed to
Voters Returned.
REGISTRATION
BEING REDUCED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALT JV WEDNESDAY; OCTOBER 30, 1901.
MRS. WU RETURNS FROM PEKING WITH
PRETTY HEIRESS OF FLOWERY KINGDOM
8
\u25a0 ,APVEBTISEMENTS. , . , , \u25a0'
ll "When I could do nothing I used one bottle of Wine of Cardui and a package of Thedford's Black-Draa^ht. Now I feel better t^
H Why will not every suffering woman who is discouraged in the fight for health do what Mrs. Rollins did? She did a very simple p
H thing. She took Wine, of Cardui at home and received the 'benefit that her family doctor or the most skilled specialist could not give her ll
H Mrs. Rollins* letter shows women Ifow dangerous it is '.to allow irregularities to run on. Her case continued so long that she became verv fl
H weak— -she felt she was developing quick consumption on account of the loss of blood. Then she took Wine of Cardui and was restored to 1
H health. This great home remedy seldom fails to cure disordered menses. ( It never fails to benefit. And in relieving the strain of irregular I
H menstruation it drives out leucorrhoea and checks the terrible agony of falling of the womb. Thedford's Black-Draught, to requlate the &
U bowels, liver and kidneys, and to stimulate digestion, aids materially in a cure. Don't give up, but try Wine^ of Cardui as thousands H
H of other discouraged women have done. Your druggist sells $I.OO bottles. Call for, and insist oh receiving, Wine of Card * m
EfiS " '-.'-* ' \u25a0 *....* '-'.->•. \u25a0•\u25a0•'\u25a0.\u25a0 \ ' tf^*» ft£ftTi s»i»fr " \7zk ?rm a O^f lAAf fc^*
HI I do believe that Wine of Cardui and Thedford's Black-Draught saved me from quick consumption for my periods were irregular for I
Hj ' - so long. I began to get alarmed and got weak. When I could do nothing I used one bottle of Wine of Cardui and a package of Thedford's
i| Black-Draught and the first day's doses brought a change that I could tell. " Before tfce bottle was gone my menses came on and a week \u25a0
11 a^ tc r r I feJ* l*ke a new woman.^ I had run down so in flesh I could hardly keep my clothes on me, and now it has been three months since '
|| I began taking your medicines and now I am stout and hearty and feel better than I have in a great many years. My husband says I look i
{if better than I ever did.- I expect to always keep supplied with your remedies, for I believe your medicines are the greatest boon F It
,K •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ';'\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0' '** f?*^ 00 *»j* t Utor»ture, address, giring aymptomi, "The Ladiw* Adrlsory De^artmeat," Tho Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tenn. I
: ADVEBTISEMENTS.
r|||| 31 lS|S|f i investment for your a *
111" 1 lllill *^ entire family than s^ a
?3^ I ii ti3f^ * or \u25a0 S^^^u
jfr The Youth's fel^
v «S$^ Companion R^^^^f
rV \<jS§j every week from
y§* now till Jan., 1903. fljSj '
!l llbk^W The foremost men and women in ths «|3 H «j|j|j||| i
ll I W^^V English-speaking world as well as an aja || ?juj 'ii\l\
ll 1 Illiir^Nv promising writers have been enlisted Sa H| ijjj j]|]lj
NEW SUBSCRIPTION OFFER.
Every New Subscriber who will mention this publication or
cut out this slip and send it and $1.75 will receive:
FREE— All the issues for the remaining weeKs of 1901.
FREE— Thanksgiving and Christmas Double Numbers.
FREE— The Companion Calendar for 1902. lithographed
in twelve colors and gold.-
The Companion for 52 weeks of 1902 — more than 200
stories, 50 special articles, anecdotes, etc., etc..
Fromnow until January 1, 1903, for $1.75. v
Prospectus and Sample Copies sent to any address, Free.
THE YOUTH'S COMPANION, 201 Columbus Arc, Boston, Mas».FAIR DEBUTANTES DANCE UNDER GROSSED SABERS.
SOCIETY PREPARES TO ANSWER CHARITY'S CALL
BELLES AND v .DEBUTANTES
"OF.PRESIDIO'HOP AND DOLL
SHOW TALENT. . \u25a0 • .
T"* HERE .was not a belle or a beau or
la swell matron missing at the Pre
\u25a0 I : sldio hop last evening.' The bril-
JL liant assemblage that fined the
fiaj:-trimmed ballroom recalled -to
the older set memories of the day when
Greenway ruled supreme and the "Friday
ntgrhts" were everything. There are no
more gracious hosts than the boys that
wear the blue, and last night proved It.
Everything that could be done was done
for the comfort of the guests. The ball
room-was; an entrancing vision with its
flags, stacked arms, gleaming swords and
shining j musketry, forming a' \ decoration
most" appropriate and artistic. And the
floor! -And the muster Everybody was in
ecstacy about them, and the many flatter
ing things said were all deserved.
Mrs. Millar. Mrs. Rumbaugh and Mrs.
Marshall received the guests and extend
ed'to them a most gracious welcome.
i All the debutantes of the , season were
at the dance, and each and every one was
the -recipient of much attention.
Among .those, present were Miss Crosby, Mtss
Marie Wilson, W. F. * Bowers,;. Captain and
Mrs. Hardln, Lieutenant: W. H.V Jordan, Cap
tain and Mrs. Lewis, Captain arid Mrs. Morse,
Lieutenant G. E. Carlton,-. the Misses Dufflcy,
Walter C. Stone, Miss Carrie ; Ayers, Miss
Ethel Shorb, Dr. Clark. Miss Maud Mulllns,
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Mills, the Misses Mills,
Miss Lucie King, Percy King, ;\u25a0 Mrs. Monroe
Salisbury. Miss Margaret Salisbury, Mr: and
Mrs. Wakefield Baker. Mrs. W. V.' Huntlngton,
Miss Edith Huntlngton. '••
Dr. Athey, Mrs. Nokcs, Miss -Jean Nokes,
Mr. Prlngle, the Misses Bruce, ' : Mrs. Bruce,
Lieutenant I and Mrs. ! Stout, Miss Ruth Dun
ham, Miss Florence Dunham, Miss Arnold,
Miss Leslie . Greenv Mrs. Thomas. Mrs. Hunt,
the ' Misses Gibbons, Dr. M. Gibbons. Walter
Gibbons, Dr. Jepaon, George Whipple, Howard
Veeder. Mfss Edith Preston, Gerald Rathbone,
Miss Nolle. Edward Brewer, A. O. " Clifton.
Mrs. Andrews. Miss Andrews, Mrs. L. W.
Seeley, Miss Julia Reed, Mr. and Mrs. P. B.
Cornwall... - ..\u25a0'.\u25a0\u25a0'•-' -• .' ' \u25a0 ' »
- Colonel and Mrs. Rawles. Colonel and Mrs.
Adams, Colonel and Mrs. Grimes. Major and
Mrs. Lockwood. Lieutenant and .Mrs. Kll
bourne. Captain and Mrs. Evans, Miss Ktl
bourne. Captain and Mrs. Klmball, Major Ran
dolph. Captain Scott. Captain and Mrs. Rum
baugh. Colonel and Mrs. Wallace. Captain and
Mrs. Haven. Lieutenant Murtaugh. Dr. and
Mrs. Marshall, Lieutenant Embrlch, Lieutenant
Bettison, \u25a0 Dr. Greenleaf , Dr. Collins, Lieuten
ant Perkins, Lieutenant Purvlance, Lieutenant
Babcock. Lieutenant Brown, Captain Van Leer.
Captain-* Kirkpatrick. Captain Kohler, Captain
and Mrs. Walker. Captain and Mrs. Marshall.
Fred Poett. --\u25a0 Douglas Waterman. Georjsre
Lewis. Miss Hattie Currier. Dr. W. R. P.
Clark. Mr. and Mrs. Kip. Captain Wlnn.
George. C. .Keleher, Otto WIdemeyer, Mrs. J.
P. Hopkins. Mrs. Thomas P. Raymond. Gen
eral and Mrs. Kobbe. Captain Kobbe. the
Misses CVHara, Mrs. O'Hern. Colonel and Mrs.
Smedbers. Miss Cora Smedberg, Gus Danne
miUer. Eugene de Coulon, Miss Bessie Center.
Frank King. Mrs. Foster. Miss Foster. Miss
Scott. Paul Miller. Frank Stringham, .Mr.
Lowrey, Herman Powers, the Misses Lough
borough. Fred. Lloyd and Miss Jackson.
The committee having charge of the In
vitations and arrangements were;
Mr. and Mrs. Coffin, Miss Coffin, Wil
liam Gossip, Mlsa Alma Hlg-ijlns, Ralph
Hart. Miss Leontine Blafceman. Miss Charlotte
EMnwood. Dr. J. Stevens. C S. Tripler, Hud
son Smyth. Miss Mae Colburn. Miss Jessi*
Filmore Mrs. Sweet, Miss Sweet, Mr. Adams,
Orrtlle Pratt. Will Collier. -the Misses Collier.
Dupont Coleman, Early Craig, Joseph King,
Miss -Grace- Spreckels, Jack Spreckels, .Mis*
Annie Foster.' Miss Azalea Key$9, Miss Kath
ryn Robinson.' Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Griffith.
Bruce Cornwall, John Dunn. Lieutenant G.
J. Church, U. S. N.; Lieutenant H. T. Win
ston. V. a N. ; Mies Juliet Garber. Miss Kath
erine Bunnell, Mias Minnie "Wilson. Mrs. Elea
nor Martin, Mr. and Mrs. Allen. Miss Allen.
Miss Mary Kip, Miss Pearl Landers, Miss
Bernlce Landers, Miss AHeen Bangs, Henry
Van Dyke. Mrs. H. P. Ripley, Miss Pfeuffer.
Miss Winifred Mears, Sidney Salisbury Har
old Blanehard. Mr. Uvennore, Wlllard Drown.
George Cadwallader, Bert Cadwallader, Jtts»
Linda Cadwallader. J. S. Eells, Mr. and Mrs.
Eells, Miss Marion Eells, A. J. Kittle, Miss
Isabella Kittle. * : \u25a0 ' • ' .
Brilliant Gatherings of Belles and Beaux
and Swell Matrons.
GALLANT SOLDIERS ARE
HOSTS AT PRESIDIO HOP
The members of the California Club held
a delightful autumn . festival ; yesterday
afternoon in. the auditorium of ,the ! ,Y. M.
C. A. building. The hall f was ; packed > to
its , greatest capacity. .- \u25a0 "The decorations
were, composed \u25a0.•of, 'autumn; leaves^and
flowers, and, the- 1 vocal .and .instrumental
selections: treated of '' •the!' flowers," tho
vines, the: weather and all the conditions
and';-pleasures ; - that 'accompany t.thfe^'au
tumri.v For, ref reshrHerils ? the . pure \u25a0 juice
of -./the 'grape' was .drunK.- - i. <\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 _•'\u25a0'\u25a0'.'
Autumn Festival:
Another attempt on the part \u25a0 of the
commission merchants to secure a de
cision from the- Supreme Court as to the
constitutionality of the flsh and game
laws was inaugurated yesterday. A clerk
for the law firm of -Riordan & Lande
swore to a warrant for : the arrest of a
clerk for O'Brien & Spotorno for viola
tion of the quail law. It is agreed on
the part of the Fish Commission and the
commission merchants to faclllate mat
ters - as i much as possible, so as to settle
the dispute- and put a stop to- litigation,
which was already extended over several
months. wii ft i—MlHMa— met
To Test Game Laws Again.
Woodworth fled and was captured at
Redwood City and the molds were found
in 'his possession.
The United States Grand Jury returned
an indictment yesterday against ' O. H.
Woodworth for having in possession three
pairs of plaster molds for the manufac
ture of silver dollars of the United States.
Woodworth is now in Los Angeles await
ing trial for the larceny of. $29,000 from
two residents of Long Beach. After
Woodworth had paid '„ in currency ' that
Bum for a certain piece of property the
money was placed in a trunk, from which
it was subsequently stolen.
Indicted, for Counterfeiting".
Complaint was made yesterday to Su
perintendent of Schools Webster by Mrs.
Gossett of 135 Ellis street that her boy,
Wendell Gossett, had been refused ad
mission to six schools on account of lack
of accommodations. The .boy desired t'J
attend the fourth B grade, and was forti
fied by a letter signed by the Superin
tendent requesting principals, should ac
commodations permit, to accept Wendei!
as a pupil. sThe boy applied to the prin
cipals of the Lincoln, Humboldt, Harri
son, Moulder, * Adams and John Swett
schools, and was turned away from all
of them with the information that there
was no room.
Refused. Entrance to Schools,
tions. . ' . \u25a0' ;*;,-.'
The ladles of the C. L. A. S. booth had
charge of the entertainment last j night.
Prominent members of the aid \u25a0 society
from all the parishes of the city were in
attendance. A. drill: on the floor of the
pavilion by Company A, League of the
Cross, was one* of the features of the
evening. Nora Sandy rendered a I piano
solo; > Miss Lilly Burns, a'soprano solo,
and Alexander McGeorge, a bass solo.
To-night a promenade concert by the
League . of the Cross Band will be the
main attraction. The evening, however,
will be ' devoted to the people from Ne
vada,, who have made this city their
home. The natives ; of the Sagebrush
State have become most enthusiastic over
a Nevada night and it Is expected that
there will be two [ or three I hundred , Ne
.vadans at the reunion. . . ' : - .
.The "at homes" of this evening will be
held at St. Mary's and St. Elizabeth's
booths. Mrs. James O'Brien, assisted by
Mrs. James Shea, Mrs. Farrell, the Misses
Glynn and others, will receive, at, the
former and Mrs- Brlson, with her corps of
assistants, will receive at the latter. Spe
cial programmes will be rendered at each.
more successful • than the first
week. Among the devoted workers are
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs. . J. B. Casser
ly, Mrs. Tpbln, Mrs. A..H. Loughborough,
Mrs. P. J. White and many other society
matrons. The programmes rendered every
evening and the "at homes" of the vari
ous booths are among the chief attrac-
THE closing week of the grand bazaar
at the Mechanics' Pavilion .under
the auspices of the ladles , of .the
. Cathedral Parish . is, proving even
Siippocq mQT^lrci trip
-\u25a0 - : ';•.'.-',/,?'.:\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 - - --'"\u25a0''\u25a0 ' \u25a0 '\u25a0'\u25a0 -'\
- Closing Week.
The benefit programme given last even
ing- in aid of the funds of the Sacred
Heart Church, Fell and Fillmore streets,
attracted a big audience to the Alhambra
Theater, where the comic opera, "The
Doctor of Alcantara," was given by ama
teur talent. The singing of the principals
and large chorus was extremely artistic
and the various numbers were rewarded
with hearty applause by the audience.
The work of the orchestra was clever and
the costuming was most effective. There
was^not a single hitch in ' the rendition
and many expressions were made that the
performance shbuld be repeated. .- ' . .. . '
Benefit for Sacred Heart Church.
BIG CROWDS
VISIT BAZAAR
In the Divorce Courts.
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Georgia M- Brown from Christian Brown
for desertion. Jennie Martin from Stanley
Martin for desertion, Josephine Ramsey
from John T. Ramsey for failure to pro
vide, Laura Foster from Charles Foster
for clesertion and Matilda M. Stanton from
Edward J. Stanton for cruelty. /
Suits for -divorce were filed by Male
Webling against Arthur "Webling for fail
ure to provide . and Carrie Schneider
against Samuel Schneider for cruelty.
Poles Must Be Painted-
The Supervisors' committee on artifi
cial iights reported yesterday In favor of
the ordinance requiring all poles erected
on the public streets to be painted an«l
maintained at least forty feet from lamp
pOEtiS. . , "^_1____ '
Liberality at Turn yerein Fair.
Ag*ln last night, as on the previous
evenings. Turn Verein Hall, at which is
beini? held the golden jubilee fair, was
crowded to Its utmost capacity. The staid
German matrons with their self-important
swapper, the lasses attired In their fan
tastic costumes, crowding around the
\u25a0wheels of fortune or angling in the fish
pond or gathering in groups about the
hall, furnish a scene that requires little
imagination to carry German denizens
back to the memory of the fatherland.
The liberality which is being displayed on
all hands is in keeping With the fame of
the German people. Each night an at
traciJve musical programme Is rendered.
Th-i "Florodora" society sextet re
hearsed last evening at Miss Blair's.
There was quite a little audience of
friends assembled and applause was fre
quert. Little Ruth Maguire, a tiny miss
So as to grow accustomed to skirts and
be able to handle his with grace and dex
teritv Peck" has been rehearsing with a
kitchen apron trailing behind him. He
has shown unusual adaptability, and his
associates declare he can raise his train
with much grace and ease.
the sketch In which prominent Bo-"
hemians will appear for the benefit of the
Doctor's Daughters at the doll show.
Orrin Peck confessed that he did not
kr-cw a great deal about gowns and ma
terial s and colorinss, but those are ex
actly the specialties that Raphael Weill is
famous for. and so the D. D.'s are not
worrying about Peck's gown;' which they
feel confident •will certainly be modish
and appropriate.
"* JT ESTERDAT Orrin Peck, with the
assistance of Raphael "Weill, se
| lected the material for the gown
X ne is to wear in "The Billionaire."
The ladies who are busy with the offi
cial programme have been canvassing the
town for "ads" and have already, secured
over $1000 worth of advertising contracts.
The Misses Grace and Lillie " Spreckels
have been doing- splendid work in this
connection and have brought in some of
the biggest . "ads," besides some very
handsome cash contributions.
Two more boxes were sold yesterday.
One went to Mrs. Hearst and the other to
Mrs. Eleanor Martin.
of four summers, rehearsed also. She did
a buck and -wing- specialty and sang some
coon song's that will form a feature of
the Saturday night performance. Little
Ruth is the only juvenile that will find a
place on the evening's programme.
Miss Emma McMillan and Mrs. Linda
Bryan want contributions for the flsh
pond and grab bag. All kinds of small
articles, such as toys, pocket knives, etc.,
will be very acceptable and 'should be
sent either to the residence of Miss Mc-
Millan, 500 Thirteenth street, or Mrs.
Bryan, 2422 Buchanan street. . f
' Miss Agnes Simpson, Miss Ella Morgan,
Miss Elsie Fairchild and Miss Mabel Toy
have been added to the list of the young
ladies who will assist at the fish pond.
Various Committees of Doll Show Make
Favorable Progress.
SOCIETY TALENT PUTS
IN TIME REHEARSING
TO-MORROW, Thursday, October. 31,
occurs the great vaudeville matinee
: at. the^Alhambra .Theater for the
* benefit" of the \u25a0 Nurses' Home "and
/Training School .at. the City and
County; Hospital. As now completed, the
programme surpasses anything of the sort
given in' San. Francisco for years. Mote
the attractions : ; Rosner's orchestra , from
the : . Orpheum; the cleverest : and most
graceful child, dancers in the country, Ar
nold Glazer and Blanche Tcelease; Harri3
and Walters of I the \0rpheum in a great
specialty act; | Kelly,: and Marlowe, the
great Irish': team, in {comedy specialties;
La' Paloma quartet, . four clever and' capt
tal!' girl singers: Dr.' . J. Wilson Shielg i in
Shakespearean reading*;; the Alcazar folk
in '.'Tennessee's Pardner"— one act, and
then the musical talent of the highest or
der, including _l:Mme..- d'Arville-Crellln,'
Miss AlyceGates,^ Miss Eleanor Jenkins,
Miss Eaton, the violinist, and Paul Fried
hofer, the cellist. The accompanists will
be \u25a0' Miss Moroney, .- Fred Maurer Jr. and
Roscoe Warren Lucy. . .
\u25a0i > Such ; a programme as \u25a0 - this, % with • the
auctioning of the great posters, with sou
venir ! programmea \u25a0 of '-\u25a0 novel style, - with > a
reception oV>* handsomely
gowned /girls ; and another ' of •: white-uni
formed , nurses,- :; with>.', thirty;; patronesses
from among the • leading | society," and^club
w;ornen-of -the^cityr'means ;ai;rarelyibrll
liant i and . attractive * function • at > the Al
hambra* to-morro-wv v;- •-;:;-' ,r - : . -
Clever Artists in the
Benefit.'
VAUDEVILE
TO BE GIVEN
THAT most attractive sale of Christ
mas gifts announced to be held in
the Maple room of the Palace'Ho
tel for the-.benent of the free ward
'. ; -' v< and the 'free clinic' of. the Woman's
Hospital begins this afternoon and con
tinues this evening, to-morrow afternoon
and to-morrow evening. . \u25a0
The lady managers of the hospital under
whose patronage the sale is given have
been busy \u25a0 arranging" their choice' -and
lovely wares to the best advantage on
tables and in booths and a, preliminary
view shows that not' too much has been*
said concerning the beauty of the goods
to be • offered. \u25a0 Especially is this -true of
the wonderful collection of brocades from
Paris. Never • before was this handsome
fabric 'made to do duty in. so many and
such novel - ways. Picture frames,: boxes
of every description, for photographs,
letters, jewels,' laces, gloves and handker
chiefs, pincushions of a dozen sorts, some
of them filled with new varieties of pins
for corsage and hat; pillows— great luxu
rious ones upon which the beauties of the
sixteenth century might gladly, have laid
their, dainty heads— furnishings for the
writing desk of many new sorts, including
brocade-bound engagement books >. and
blotting ' pads; ' boxes with heavy .. covers
fitting in so that my lady's veil is pressed
into good condition after the. day's wear—
these are only^a few. of the new, ways to
use old brocades, i The rummage table is
another ' attraction -and will 'some,
choice old bits of brass,, china, and, glass
well worth inspecting. : -- • " .\u25a0
\u25a0 * In - the cheerful - ward at the >. Woman's
Hospital, ' where "!the ten free beds stand
side by side along the windowed wall.' are
lying the suffering, womenrwho" are part
of the number to be. benefited by. this sale.
"White-capped nurses bend over, them and
leading surgeons and physicians give f ree
ly \u25a0' of their best . skill \u25a0 to restore them to
health.-, \u25a0 The \u25a0 sale is . for, a- , noble > purpose
and well deserves -;the . assistance of *\u25a0\u25a0 a
generous public/ There are about a score
of student nurses at the ? "Woman's Hos
pital and almost' as many graduates find
constant employment 'there, v . ."::\u25a0\u25a0
, Miss Lillian ; Burkhart will i be present
at the Mapte room with some of her cap
ital sketches and Brooke Ridley with his
X-ray , apparatus. * There will be numerous
other pleasant things -to see and hearj be
sidesvthe j enjoyment -". of.:;* the*-' decorated
room, ; the /beautiful objects of art" and
the joyous crowd. :- . ;
Woman's Hospital
Benefit JTo-Day.:
GIFTS MADE
TO BE SOLD
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, ; .OCTOBER-c' 30, 196*1;
9
1TEW AKlTOinTCEMEIfl. ' : :_ j ~:
DAlfDEUFF CAUSED BY A GERMI.
A New Discovery That Kills the Germ
aad Prevents Baldness. ."
Pretty nearly all the hair preparations
for tlandruff have some merit In allaying
Itching of the scalp, and in being a fairly
pood dressing for the hair, but there is
only one that recognizes what - causes
dandruff, falling hair, and baldness, and
that destroys the cause, a little germ—
and that is Newbro's Herpldde. , Thia
i germ eats its way into the scalp, down, to
J the hair root, where It saps that vitality,
-\ causing dandruff as It digs up the scalp
*2nto little white. scales. Unless it. is de-
stroyed there's no permanent stopping. of
falling: hair and cure of dandruff - and
baldness. Newbro's • Herpicide - kills tho
germ. "Destroy the cause, you remove
tbe effect-"
.Sale of ' SiTibh.ciimp2Lired^Garjiients
\u25a0 / '>SF\ • it was a great. smash-up. A freight train carrying
fvjac^ many cases of our goods was caught in it. Flames
v»"i j? « . broke out In. the wrecked cars. The fire didn't touch
»*s our- stock, but the smoke did arid also the water that
• ' wras turned on the blaze. For this reason the rail-
': /iL. ; •'-•.'•2i\ road company allowed us Fifty -Per Cent damage.
; /-T^^!*^rA ; The actual damage- Is . really . very little, though we
/. .-'',?. , couldn't conscientiously put these goods in our regu-
• /\u25a0A* *•**•. A-' lar: stock. The price damage is tremendous— Fifty Per
/."xV* l 'vlr % Cent! and we give the entire benefit of it to you.
V^^^S^Lp' These are the goods and. the prices:
;'/?f| Sl.00 FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS.
x I' •'••'' '\u25a0hd Twenty dozen, new,, trimmed, waist-lined, dark
I : "'•'*X\ \u25a0'* : snades » all sizes. , • -
f: : ft*\ V* Damaged Price 50c.
m(00$&*- $20.00 CHEVIOT DRESSES.
H /-\u25a0.•""* '\-\\ One hundred; all-wool, jacket taffeta silk-lined: new
- fff \u25a0'•\u25a0 ' AX flare fl ounce skirts; all sizes; blacks and blues. (Al-
f 1|-'.*-' ' ' •\u25a0•*-i.*\ " teratlons extra.)
/ W^r L^'^\ P? ma 9?d Price $10.00.
$:£ ; \u25a0: :> ;-c|'^s V $10.00 KERSEY JACKETS.
*/•\u25a0. .'. * • -/U'/j/. 1 Two 'hundred; all-wool," aU silk-lined, 22 Inches long,
Vw ;. •••"• - ' •^^blarirg nn<t pa.tnrg (All alterations extra.)
, i; S Damaged Price $5.0p.
\ iC-l 'ojecK. sv^rLa JBVtV.Moiu'i.'e- [Itrs at ?24 85. 'in London" a decline of 10s took
place, with spot emoted at £313 15s and futures
at £106 17a 6d. ' . -,',., i • ' '
Copper was unchanged here and , nominally
quoted at . ?16 So@17 for Lake and $13 S7%@
16 62% for' casting. At London copper eased
eff 10s to £64 103 for spot and £63 '5s for
futures.--" 1 . ..., V-. \u25a0-•.•
Spelter- declined 2s 6d In London to £16 15s,
but was 1 Inactive here at S4 37%. . ' -."' V " V
,- Lead (was ' very dull at home and\ abroad,
closing at $4 37% 'and £11 10s respectively _\u25a0
Domestic iron markets were featureless. Pig
iron . warrants, $9 50010 50; No. 1 North f. r "
loundry,. *15®16; No. 2 foundry, Southern. ?14@
15; No. 1 foundry. Southern, $14 50@15 50; No.
1 foundry. Southern, soft, $14 50@18. > ,
Glasgow warrants closed at 54s »d and Mia
dleoboro closed at. 44s 7%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
\u25a0 . . < < •
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm: No. S spring .wheat, 69%c; No.» 2 red,
71%@72%c; No. 2 corn, 57%c; No. 2 oats, 370
38c; No. 2 white, 39%@40c; No. 3 white, 39@
89%c; No. 2 rye, 65%@55%c; good feeding bar
ley. 54@58c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 52; No. 1 North
western, $1 62; prime timothy seed, $5 65@5 75;
mess pork, per barrel, $13 60; lard, per 100
pounds, $S 67@8 70; short-rib sides (loose). $7 90
@8 15; dry salted shouMers (boxed), $7 50@7 75;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 70@« 80.
Articles— ' \u25a0 \u25a0 . ; Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels . .„/...'. 89,000 26.000
Wheat, bushels ...„,-; 234.000 135,000
Corn, bushels , 171,000 15JJ00
Oats, bushels 214,000 812.000
Rye. bushels ;,. 25,000 . 4,000
Barley, bushels 47,000 . 47,000
Continued From Page Thirteen,
NEW YORK, Oct.;. 29.— Nothing - of ; Interest
transpired In the' local market". forj metaia :to
o"ay;and values, on the 'whole were: nominally
unchanged. ' Tin ' ruled dull all ' day/ with : sell-
'\u25a0New York Metal Market.
NEW - YORK, Oct. jj 29.-£loBe : .: Money on
call, 1 steady at 3%@4 per cent; last 'loan, : 3y,
per centt . - ' -,*V '\u25a0'\u25a0;\u25a0
Prime" mercantile paper— 4%@5 per cent. 7 ""
- Sterling V Exchange— Easier.- -\u25a0• with actual
business * in- bankers' bills \u25a0 at \u25a0 $4 S6% for \u25a0 de
mand and at $4 S3%@4 83%- for sixty day?. '
Posted ;rates-$4 84% and $4 87%...., ::>-:•
• Commercial' bills— $4 82%@4 83%... .. ,
Bar silver— 57%c.
, Mexican 1 dollars — *5%c . .......
Government bonds, weak; State • bonds,* in
active ; railroad bonds. Irregular.' v
New' York Money Market.
O Jf' ° ct - 7%;' Atchison.
79%; Atchison preferred, 99; Canadian Pacific
112%; Denver and Rio Grande, 44%; Denver anu
Rio Grande oreferred, ; 94%: Northern Pacific
preferred, 103%; : Southern • Pacific. 60%: Union
Pacific. 102%; Union. Pacific preferred. 91 Bar
silver, firm, . 26 i 9-lCd. Money, 2% . per cent.- :
CLOSING.
American stocks opened depressed and stale
the bulls realizing on money and - copper sit
uation and the hitch In Northern Pacific plans
The market hung back till New York bid up
St. Paul, Union Pacific, Southern Pacific 1 and
the coalers. The close was cheerful. Rio Tin
tos dropped to 46 7-16, with the weakness In
Amalgamated Copper, but' New York again
became a buyer and the stock closed at 47
The opinion is gaining ground that the move
ment . in Amalgamated Copper is a ruse.
r The Bank of ' England • is T still discounting
largely this year's maturities. -• •.-
NEW YORK. Oct. 29.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram; says:
The stock market j opened weak to-day on the
position ,of the various monetary centers. Con
sols dropped to 91 1-16, \u25a0 but recovered to 92%
on improved exchange, Paris being 25.09% and
•Berlin 20.39%. The tone of the market finally
became heavy on the shipments of £140,000 in
gold to the Continent, - of which • £90,000 was a
late shipment yesterday. • .
London Market.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. . •;
Stocks^:'. ' Sales High Low Clowe
Atehlson 9,200 77% 76% .77%
Atchison pfd 2,500 96%' 95% '96%
Baltimore & Ohio...:... 2,900:104% 103% '104%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. . 600 94% ' - 94 . . 9314
Canadian Pacific ... '-.' 300 - 109% 108%-lOSU
Canada Southern' 900 84% 82 "83
Chesapeake &Ohlo -. 700 45% 44% " 45 -
Chicago & Alton......... " 500 36% .35% '3s ',
Chicago & Alton pfd.... 700 77 76% - 77
Chicago Ind & Lou is . ... 100 - 40% 40% \u25a0 40%
NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— The professed anxiety
felt by the professional operators In stocks
yesterday seemed to be considerably relieved
to-day. Their professional brethren of bullish
tendency added the incentive of lively bidding
up here and there. As a consequence a con
siderable demand to cover short contracts made
the market strong during the early part of the
day. It was argued that with the easier tone
of exchange and the moderate views expressed
as to geld requirements by the authorities of
the Bank of France the probability of an
outgo of gold on Thursday of this week was
considerably lessened. The announcement Just
before the close of the market of an engage
ment of $600,000 in gold for shipment on Thursr
day precipitated a sharp realizing movement
and wiped out a good part of the earlier ad
vances. Another $2,000,000 engagement was an
nounced after the close. It was very notable
that tie stocks that were weakest yesterday
were foremost as a rule in the recovery to
day. The recovery did not reach to the full
extent of yesterday's losses at any time. The
upward reaction was achieved also on a con
siderably smaller volume of business. There
was an expectation among the small specula
tors thlB morning that ' formal . announcement
might be made during 'the day of an adjust
ment of the Northern Pacific difficulty. . This
expectation was again disappointed. Compe
tent' observers of the situation believed that
this may be a daily incident for some time to
come, as consultations, on this subject are con
stantly held, but with much remaining to be
agreed upon. Among the day's special move
ments the sensational rise in Michigan Central
revived the rumors of coming developments in
the Vanderbilt group - and was reflected in
sharp advances in other members of the group.
Michigan Centra! sold yesterday 1 at 116, an ad
vance of several points over the preceding sale
In last March. To-day It sold in 100-share lots
successively at 118," 120, 125, 135 and 140, after
which it- relapEed to 130. No explanation was
forthcoming of the movement. • Amalgamated
Copper was Influenced by the supposition that
developments are pending which will benefit
the conditions of the trade. There' was some
support also for the United States Steel stocks,
accompanied by reports . of I great activity in
that industry- Brokers credited with acting
for ' Insiders both In United States Steel and
Amalgamated Copper bought their respective
stocks together to-day. These interests have
been supposed to hold divergent views of the
speculative outlook for some time." The buy
ing of Amalgamated Copper for Boston • ac
count was very large, as it was of other stocks.
This is supposed to be rebuying of stocks sold
yesterday from . that source. In consonance
with the upward movement of prices the prev
alent view of the money outlook was less pes
simistic, although conditions In that market
remain the same. -A number of favorable con
ditions which were ignored - yesterday ; in the
selling movement came . in for consideration,
especially the continued ; trade activity as re
flected In the large bank clearings throughout
the country and the sustained Increase in rail
' road earnings. Reports to-day , of September
net earnings showed increases over September
of lt«t year for some of the important systems
as follows: Atchison. $423,966; -. Reading sys
tem. JS0.853: Northern Pacific, $363,227;. Erie,
(32,227, and Chesapeake and Ohio, $31,775. Amal
gamated Copper was the only stock to- recover
all of yesterday's decline. . The closing was dull
and heavy .at the reaction.* • <:
: Railroad bonds moved narrowly and were Ir
regular. Total sales, $1,877,000. :
United States new 4s declined % per cent on
the last call..
New York 'Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four.
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eurek* 0.01 6.74 6.CS
Red Bluff 0.00 3. SO 3.19
Sacramento 0.00 1-90 1.62
San Francisco ..0.00 1.42 1.64
Fresno 0.02 1.13. 0.49
Independence 0.00 1.07 p.84
San Luis Obispo 0.00 . 2.S6 1.94
Los Angeles 0.00 2.00 0.25
San Diego 0.04 ' 0.34 0.3C
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
63; minimum, 50; mean, 56.
. The folowing maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston ...v 50-3G Omaha .74-58
Cincinnati 72-50 Duluth 4S-44
Washington 66-52 Salt Lake City 56-44
Jacksonville 74-63 Chicago 58-5t
New York ,5S-4SiSt. Louis ...:.. ....74-60
Kansas City 82-62 Philadelphia 53-45
THE COAST RECORD. -
~§ ',3 K O "if 11
STATION. I PIP I || Eo I
5 -3:3 : s S £
'-\u25a0 \u25a0 - 1 • • • • D
Astoria 30.04 56 50 W Pt Cldy .10
Baker 29.96 46 36 SW Cloudy .01
Carson 30.03*54 32 S Cloudy .00
Eureka- 30.14 58 46 SW Rain .01
Fresno 30. CS 52 44 SE Clear . .00
Flagstaff 30.10 40 40 SW Snow S .56
Pocatello. Idaho.. .29.92 48 40 W Cloudy .01
Independence 29.92 60 40 NW Pt Cldy .00
Los Angeles 29.92 70 54 W Clear .00
Phoenix ..29.96 58 56 NE Pt Cldy .46
Portland 30.06 56 48 W Cloudy .16
Red Bluff 30.02 €6 4S N Cloudy .00
Roseburg .30.14 56 46 NW Pt.Cldy .06
Sacramento 30.02 66 46 SW Cloudy .00
Salt Lake.. 23.S8 54 44 NW Cloudy .00
San Francisco 30.C6 62 £0 W Clear .00
San Luis Oblspo...30.06 66 44 W Clear .00,
San Diego 23.94 66 £6 NW Pt Cldy .00"
Seattle 29.92 68 48 SE Cloudy T.
Spokane 29.74 52 38 SW* Clear .04
Walla Walla...... .29.83 58 48 SW Pt Cldy .02
Winnemucca 30.02 48 32 W Cloudy .00
Yuraa 29.90 74 54 NE Cloudy T.
Temperature at 7 a. m., 50 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen steadily over Nevada
and Utah. .Snow and rain have fallen over
nearly all of • Arizona. At Flagstaff heavy
snow is reported with a temperature of '32 de
grees, while at Phoenix there has been a fall
of nearly 20 degrees in temperature." and even
at Yuma the temperature is 11 degrees below
the normal. Eastbound travelers through Ari
zona and along the Mexican boundary may ex
pect heavy rains and much cooler weather.
Rain is also falling in Washington and Ore
gon, and high southerly winds are reported in
Northern Oregon.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight October 30: •
Northern California— Cloudy unsettled weath
er Wednesday with light showers In the north
ern portion; fresh northwest winds.
Southern California — Cloudy unsettled weather
Wednesday with showers in 6outheastern por
tion; fresh northeast winds. "
Nevada— Cloudy Wednesday, continued cool
weather: fresh northwest winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day; fresh northwest winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
: :. \u25a0-:": . Forecast Official.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
. Wheat No. 2— -* - \u25a0 n
October' ..:'.;.....". .'....\u25a0-....: f .... ,'-69%
December ' 71H 71% 704 .70%
May , „ 74% 74ft 73% 74%
Corn No. 2—
October 56 . 66U 56 66%
December 56% . • 67% 66% 57%
May 69% 69% 59 69%
Oats No. 2—
October 36 36»4 36 36%
December 36% 36% 36% 86%
May 38% 38T4 38% 38%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 14 85 14 92% 14 85 14 90
May 14 92% 15 00 14 92% 14 95
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October ................ 8 67%
November 8 70 8 70 8 60' 8 65
January ..8 65 8 72% 8 65 8 67%
May 8 72 8 77% 8 72% 8 72
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
October .-. .... 7 70
November ........... 7 62% 7 72% 7 62% 7 67%
May 7 72H 7 80 7 77% 7 77%
«-— . : , «.
CHICAGO, Oct. 29.— Corn developed the most
activity it has shown in a week, mainly on
a drive by the bull clique. Influenced by a
depressed wheat opening, December started
unchanged to a shade lower at £6% to f C.*i@
5C%c. Liverpool cables indicated a Comfort
able increase in prices and when there was a
considerable demand by shippers and com
mission houses and but a scanty supply
wherewith to i fill it the bulls started in to
push prices upward. The sagging wheat mar
ket retarded this advance at times, but De
cember sold to 57%c Just before the end of
the session, closing firm, >4@%c higher at
Cables were indifferent in the wheat market
at -the opening and December, started un
changed to a shade lower, at .71Va@71c. ' Early
advices had it that the drought still continued
In and prices rose a shade from
the opening figures. 'A quantity- of long
wheat was absorbed before direct cables an
nounced the rain in districts where it was
not. needed, and then there was a scurry to
unload. Under this pressure and influenced by
a very dull • market priceB declined, being
steadied \u25a0 at . times only by the strength ... in
corn. Dec««»t)er sagged to 70 1 / 4@70%c and
closed weak, %@%c lower to 70%@70%c.
Oats were fairly active early, following the
lead of corn. December closed firm, %®%c
higher at 36%c. J
Provisions experienced a dull, narrow mar
ket. January pork closed 2\ie lower, lard
25c depressed and January. ribs 5c down. Lib
eral receipts of hogs was the depressing factor.
The leading futures ranged as follows: ' ,i
Railroad Ties for Mexico. j
The fcarkentlne Amaranth was cleared yes
terday for Sallna Cruz with 41.533 railroad
ti*s valued at $14,533. -'\u25a0:
A Cargo for London.
The British ship British General was cleared
>«aterday for London with a general cargo <
vulued at $267,746. including the following mer- J
char.d:se and produce: ' - ..:
54 4S0 cs salmon, 47C0 cs canned fruit, 43.000
pi'.s wine LOO cs honey, 40.SSS lbs lima beans, I
8C00 Cet lumber, 11.3(3 ctls barley. 248 sks cas-
Raisins, Currants and Prunes.
Mai! reports from New York say:
"Both raisics and prunes show considerable
weakness, and the market for these two arti
cles Is in bad condition. Holders on the coast
evince more disposition to shade prices and
are now asking bids (rom the local trade, but
nect v.ith little response, the unsettled condi
tion of affairs causing buyers to adopt a very
conservative policy. : .
"fancy seeded raisins are easier, goods being
entered at 6V»c f. o. b. coast, by an outsider,
with t>ut slight interest shown. Sale of one car
Is rfeporttd at that figure. Choice seeded are
unch2.ttgtd at 5%c coast. New Sultanas are
<*sv. in response to requests from California
ior'bids. an oSer of 4%c was wired but turned
clown, holders' ideas being about Uc higher, it
is understood. Seedless Muscatels are about the
only variety of domestic raisins that show any
frtrength. goods being firm at 4%c coast. Bids
of i\c are declined. On spot, new raisins are
more plentiful, 3-crown loose meeting with a
tms.H Oeinand at We. New Valenclas are
weaker as a result of the bad California situa
tion and are almost neglected.
"New prunes are coming In very freely, all
sizes except 6«-70s being in good supply. De
raand is fairly active, but entirely confined to
email lots. Santa Claras 40-50s are quoted at
7c but the same siie from other districts can
l>e bought >ie%c less. A few old 100-llOs are
selling at *Vic in bags. New prunes for ship
iner.t from the coast are having some sale
nrcund a 3c basis for Santa Claras and 2%c
lor northern fruit. Sales of five cars were re
l>orted at those figures. New Oregon prunes
iiro easy at a 2c basis, with little buying.
"Currants are steady from 5%®5%c for Ama
llas, but trade is light. The Greek market is
i-eportcd 6d higher for first half November ship
:nent. Figs are firmer here and abroad. New
dates are in the market, the Tabarlstan. with
nearly 100.000 boxes new crop, having arrived
vesterdsy. About two-thirds of her cargo, it is
said, has already been sold. Peaches and apri
?ots ar? quiet, occasional sales of fair lots be
inr made within quotations. Apples are quiet
and the market Is rather unsettled."
Weather and Crops.
Tr* weekly report of A. G. McAdie. section
\u25a0Jlrector of the climste and crop service of
"he Weather Bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY. ' \
Temperatures several degrees above normal
prevailed in the coast and bay sections and
in Southern California at the beginning of the
week, with warm, clear weather in the val
lej-sL L'.cht rain commenced on the 23d in some
sections, and continued at intervals throughout
the State to the close of the week. In South
ern California the rainfall was the heaviest
tor several years during the month of Octo
ber.
Considerable damage has been • done by the
rain in some sections, principally to grain in
sacks, unbaled hay, late grapes' and beans;
the latter crop is reported seriously damaged
In Eanta Barbara and Ventura counties. Fruit
trees, pasturage and early ' sown grain have
been Bieatly benefited, and In some sections
the soil is now in good condition for . plowing
and 6eeding. | In portions cf the San" Joaquin
Valley the farmers are making preparations for
an immense acreage of wheat. .Corn and po
tato harvcstii* Is progressing rapidly. The
last crop of alfalfa has been harvested.
Ampie v&rnings of the rain storm had been
«1\'en to the fruit eecttons, and there has been
but little injury to raisins. The crop is nearly
all cured, and is moving rapidly to packing
nouses. "Wine grapes in some vineyards were
Biightly damaged by rain. Tree pruning is in
progress. Citrus fruits continue in excellent
condition, with indications of a heavy yield.
Orange shipments have commenced In different
parts of the State.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.— Warm, dear
weather prevailed during the first of the week,
followed by light showers on Thursday and
heavy ra'.n at the eloee. Hay and grain are
\u25a0under cover, and very little fruit was left ex
poted to the rain. A small portion of the .late
crop of grapes was probably somewhat dam
aged. Early sown srain, fruit trees and pas
turage have been greatly benefited by the rain,
and the soil is In good condition for plowing
ar.d feeding. The rainfall at Sacramento dur
ing the night of the 26th amounted to one inch, '\u25a0
and it was much heavier in the foothills. It Is
reported that the orange crop In Butle County •
will exceed last seaeon's by 100 car loads. .' :
COAST AND BAT • SECTIONS.— Unusually
high teirperatures prevailed . during . the flr3t
of the- week, 6G degrees having been recorded
»t Celii-tcsa and Peacliland, and 82 degrees at
Ban Francisco. Light rain commenced on the
13J. followed by frequent h«avy showers at the
close of the week. Late grapes were slightly
dama.c/e<l in some vineyards, and it is reported
there will be a heavy lr>ss on the bean crop.
Grain ras mostly under cover, but the raia
damaged unbaled hay In San Bent to County.
Fasiureage and fruit trees were greatly bene
fited, and the soil is in good condition for cul
tivating. Corn and potatoes are being ' har
vested. Beet hauling is progressing. Orchard
lsts have commenced pruning. A' correspond
ent at Callstoga reports the shipment of sev
eral tons of winter pineapple. muskmelons.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.'— The weather con
tinued warm and clear during the first of the
week, and raifin making progressed rapidly.
lAfriit rain commenced during the night of the
23d. continuing at intervals to the cjose of the
week. Ample warnings had been given, and
raisins were not materilly Injured. Grain and
hay were under cover. Late grapes arc being
picked rapidly and shipped to the wineries,
and large quantities of raisins are moving to
packing houses. The last crop of alfalfa ha^
been harvested and mostly secured before the
rain. Pasturage U in fair condition. Plowing
and seeding continues in some sections. An im
mense .acreage, will be sown to wheat in the
vicinity of Elmdale. • \u25a0\u25a0• .......
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— The tempera
ture at the beginning of the week was- several
degree* above normal, but cooler weather pre
vailed toward the close, accompanied by rain
in all «tections; at Los Angeles and' Santa'
Paula the rainfall during the storm was nearly
two Inches. It Is reported that great damage
has. been done to the bean crop, some estimates
' placing the loss at' nearly half the crop. ' Gr&lA
in sacks and unbaled hay have also been con
siderably Injured. Orchards and pasturage will
be jrreet'y benefited by. the rain. Oranges ai«^
lri excellent condition, and the yield will prob
ably, be heavy. Softshell walnuts are nearly
all gathered. - \u25a0 .;
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Hot .. weather
et the \u25a0 first -of the week was followed at ' the
dose by rain, heavy except in the south. Some
t«sns, grain and hay .damaged'; amount -of
dumace depends upon, the weather during the
next few days. - - .
EUEEKA SUMMARY. — Rain was generally
nee-Jed. Crops are rrowlng finely. Apple pick
ing Is practically completed, and about 15 per
cent of the crop is already chipped.
Weather Report:?
O20th • Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 29-^5 p.m.
• The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
Chicago Grain Market.
. Choice and fancy grades of evaporated apples,
owing to their scarcity, were held firm, while
the rest of the list 'ruled steady at former
prices. Trading. was of fair volume.
State, common to good, 6@8c; prime,. 8%c;
choice. 9c; fancy, 9%@9%c.
California dried fruits were dull but steady
at old wrices.
PRUNKS— 3%®7c. ' ' •
APRICOTS— Royal, 8%@13c; Moorpark, 8@
8%c. . •
PEACHES— Peeled. 11®1Sc; unpeeled, 6®9%c.
DRIED FRUIT.
-NEW YORK. Oct. 29.— FLOUR— Receipts,
22,322 barrels; exports, 12,290 barrels./ Irregular
and barely steady. . . ' i '
WHEAT— Receipts, 76,160 bushels; exports,
80,905 bushels. : Spot easy; No. 2 red. 79%C.f. o.
b. afloat; No. 2 red, 76%c; No. 1 Northern Du
luth. 78%c f. o. b._afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 83c
f. o. b. afloat. .' . ; • \u25a0 •. \u25a0.
Options opened steady but turned weak . and
were heavy most of the day on reported rains
in Argentine, disappointing cables, liquidation,
foreign selling and large receipts, closed weak
ttc decline.; March, 79%c; closed ' 79%c;/ May,
79%@79%c, closed 79%c; October closed 76%c;
December, 76 9-16@77 l-16c, closed 76%c.
HOPS-Steady. : .
WOOL— Steady. ' . \u25a0 \u25a0' \u25a0
HIDES— Firm. " .«,
COFFEE— Spot Rio, easy; No. 7 Invoice, 6%c . •
mild, quiet; Cordova, 7%@llc.
Coffee futures suffered a severe relapse from
the high figures reached Monday. The opening
tone was steady however, prices showing a de
cline of 15@25 points under active realizing,
prompted by extreme -weariness In European
markets, a heavy primary movement I and a
dull spot shipment. Prices continued ' to drift
downward until at" times a net decline of 25
points was reflected.
The final tone was steady. Sales, 26,750 bags,
including November,' 6.10@6. 15c; December, 6.20
(gO. 25c; February, 6.40c; March, 6.60@8.55c;
April, 6.65c; May. 8.66@6.70c; June, 6.75@6.80c;
July, 6.95c; August,. 6.95c; September, 7.06c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; fair refining, : 3 6-16c;
centrifugal, 96-test, 3 3-16c; molasses sugar^
8 l-16c. Reflned, steady.' " " . \u25a0- \u25a0!• . - '-
" BUTTER— Receipts, . 6855 packages ; steady.
State, dairy. 14@21c; creamery, 15@22%c; June
creamery, 17%@22%c; factory, 13%@15c. ,
EGGS— Receipts, 11,636 packages; firm. West
ern, candled, •21@22c; do uncandled, 16@21%c. >,
Silver continues to advance slowly. Exchange undisturbed. j
Wheat weak and quieter. Freights iw lower.
Barky steady, Oats firm, Corn and Rye weak.
Middlings lower r a gain. Bran weak and plentiful.
Hav in more moderate receipt and steady.
Beans still unsettled, but steadier, if any tiling.
Potatoes and Onions quoted firm. : ;
Butter and Eggs zveak and dragging.: Cheese in ample supply.
Dried Fruit very dull, botlrhcrc and in the East.
Provisions weak and quiet- at the decline. .'.
Wool dull, Hides firm and- aciive and Tallozu easy.
Hop growers and buyer s.apart in their views.
Light Hogs plentiful.' .-.Medium and heavy in moderate supply:
Poultry in fair supply- and steady. •
Game in first-class .condition and higher.
Table Grapes doing better. Wine Grapes going out.
Three cars of Bananas arrived.
Limes lower,- Lemons quiet and Oranges weak.
Local stocks, and bonds continue dull.
Money—-- J Union Land ...'.:.. 2%
Call loans 3@4 West End ....'..... 93%
Time loans 4@4% Westing ,Elec 70%
Stocks— " . . Bonds— . "
A T & S F.... 77% N E G & C 6s 61%
Do prefd • '...96 Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 117% Adventure 22
Amer Telephone... 158 Bing Mln Cq ...... 29%
Boston & Albany.. 256% Amal Copper- 86%
Boston Elevated... 167 Atlantic •. 35
Boston &. Maine.. 193% Cal & Hecla 659
Dominion Coal ... 47% Centennial ls%
Do prefd ........117% Franklin 16%
U-S Steel .' 41%jHumboldt 60
Do prefd 90% Osceola 97V1
Fitchburg prefd ..144% Parrot :...... 37
General Electric... 255% Qulncy ...... ..... 155
Mexican Central;.. 21% ' Santa Fe Copper.. 4
N E Gas & Coke. 4% Tamarack ..280
Ol* Colony ..„.. ..206% Utah Mining ...... 22%
Old Dominion' .1... 26 * Winona 2%
Rubber 14% ' Wolverines ....'..'.'. 58V4
Union Pacific .....100% I - . <}_
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. *
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ....... 20. Little Chief 12
Alice 40;Ontario 10 25
Breece 1 00:Ophlr ' 80
Brunswick* Con 19 ! Phoenix 08
Com Tunnel 06'Potosl 07
Con Cal and Va... 1 70 Savage .....07
Deadwood Terra... 60, Sierra Nevada .... 10
Horn Silver 190|Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 60'standard 3 85
Leadville Con 05
Chlcag Ind & Louis pfd ..... 71%
Chicago & EasflMnois 125
Chicago & Gt Western. 5,600 24% 24!4 24%
Chicago & G W A pfd.. 100 \u25a0 88 88 -87
Chicago & G,\% r B pfd.. 400 * 49 43 46%
Chicago & North westrn 1,600 210% 20S .'208
Chicago R I & Pacific. ' 700 143% 142 141%
Chicago Term & Trans. ;.... .... ...; ' 20
Chicago Trm & Tr pfd. 400 37%' 37 37%
C C C & St Louis ... 2,200 99 V 98 '98
Colorado Southern ..;.. ....' .... ' 13«4
Colorado So 1st pfd.. .... .... 63%
Colorado So 2d pfd. ;..... \u25a0 .... .... 23%
Delaware & Hudson..... 2,700 171 168 170 •
Delaware Lack & West 2,700. 235 £32% ' 233 '
Denver & Rio Grande... .400 44%- 43% 44 :
Denver & R G pfd 500 92 "91% 91%.
Erie 22.3C0 41% 4C% 41 :
Lrle 1st pfd.. » 7,000 69% 69 69%
Erie 2d pfd...-..'....:..... 6C0 55% 53% ' 56
Great Northern pfd . 200 • 192 ' 192 : 192
Hocking Valley ......... . ?00 54% 54% ;. 64%
Hocking Valley pfd...;. :.,... .... 7514
Illinois Central' 3.000 147% 147 147%
Iowa Central .....*\u25a0..'.. .... 40%
Iowa -Central, pfd........ 100 76% 76% , 76
Lake Erie & Western.. ..... .... .....' 66
Lake Erie & West pfd. .... : .... 125
Louisville & Nashville. 3.600 10314 102% 103%
Manhattan L 14, 200 121% 120% 120'4,
Metropolitan Street Ry. 1,400 156^4 .loo'/i 155%
Mexican Central .... 21%
Mexican National 200 13% 13% 13%
Minneapolis & St Louis 600 109% 108% 109
Missouri Pacific 26,700 .98% 96H 97%
Missouri Kans & Texas. 600 26 25% 25%
Missouri Kns & Tex pfd 700 60U ' 49% 60
New Jersey Central..... 2,600 171% 167 171%
£ ew , ,T ork Central...... 8,300 158 158% 157%
Norfolk & Western 1,200 56% 65% 65%
•Norfolk & Western pfd...... * 88
Northern Pacific pfd.... 8.100 102% 101% 102%
Ontario & Western...... 22,000 .34% 33% j 34%
Pennsylvania 8,800 146% 145% 146%
Reading 1,400 42% 41 42
Reading 1st pfd 3,300 77% 76% 76%
Reading 2d pfd 8.300 63% 62% 53%
St Louis & San Fran... 5,200 41% 40% 41
St Louis & S F 1st pfd.. „ .... 76%
St Louis & S F2d pfd..- .... ....'66%
St Louis Southwestern .... 26%
St Louis Southwest pfd 1.000 56% 66 66
I* | au ••;• 51,800 170 168 168%
St Paul pfd 100 191 191 190
Southern Paoiflc 33,300"* 60% 68% 59%
Southern Railway 6,600 32% 31% 81%
Southern Railway pfd. 1,200 87% 86U 87
T e f^ 8 P ? cl^ C^- *' m 38^ 38% S8%
Toledo St L & Western. 100 20% 20% 20^
Toledo St L & W pfd... 100 34V4 .. 34% 34
H n on 42, 100 . 100% 99% 100%
Union Pacific pfd 900 89 . 8S% 88^
H a $ as h 1,200 20% 19% 20*
«r? ba , 8 , h pM • • i- 000 86% 35% \u25a0 - 36% '
Wheeling & Lake Erie . itu
Wheel & L E 2d pfd : "" 2gS
Wisconsin Central 600 20% 20% 20%
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 100 40% 40% 40
Express companies— , .
Adams ; t ' \u25a0. " 105
American **" *""' 190
United States '"' *""' oX
Wells-Fargo ... "" *-*••** ign
Miscellaneous— "*" '""
Amalgamated Copper... 99,400 -87% 83% 86 %
A" Car & Foundry 600 25% 25 25
Am Car & Foundry pfd ..... .... so
Am Linseed Oil \u25a0 .'.. " . 18
Am Linseed Oil pfd loo 47 -47" : 47
Am Smelt & Refln 400 43 42% ' 42Vi
Am Smelt & Refln pfd.. 300 96% 96% 36
Anaconda Mining Co... 2,700 35% 34% v 35%
Brooklyn Rapid' Transit 10,600 62% 60% 6l2
Colorado Fuel & Iron . $\u25a0>£
Consolidated Gas 900 215 214 ".214?
Continental Tobacco pfd .. \u25a0 iw2
General Electric 400 256 255*' 256
\u25a0Glucose Sugar 1,100 40% 40 40
Hocking Coal .... .. 14
International Paper ... 500 20 19U 1914
International Pap pfd.. 600 75% 75% 75<4
l£c™e l Q£ 1 . FO ™---- 40 ° 89% 8S% «g
National Biscuit i66 42% 42% 42
NaS itft d .:::::••••• 800191 ' 4 w$*&
National Salt pfd '.'. '.'."'. '"" tV 2
North American . 95
Pacific Coast 100 60- 60" 60
Pacific Mall 400 43% 43% 4S>4
People's Gas 13,300 104>4 103% 103%
LPreEsed Steel Car 300 40% 40% 40
PresBed Steel Car pfd.. 600 82% 61% 8'
i Pullman Palace Car.... 400 220 219 220 \u25a0
. Republic Steel 100 15 15 14%
1 Republic Steel pfd ..500 66% 65% 66%
S?l&r \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0< 8.600 118% 117% 117%
Tennessee Coal & Iron. 900 60% 58% 69V
Union Bag & Paper Co. 100 14>4 14# 14
Union Bag & p Co pfd "„ 7014
United States Leather.. 300 11% ii% 11%
United States Leath pfd .._ gov
United States Rubber... 100 15. '15" 15
United States Rub pfd 47
United States Steel 31.700 42% iiii 41«4
United States Steel pfd. 17,500 91>|- 90% 90%
Western Union ...; 1,200 91% ,91% 9i^g
• Total sales...;..: 523,900
* CLOSING BONDS
US ref 2s reg 108^L & N unl 4s 101
.^ coupon ...... 108Vt Mexican Cent 4s.. 83
US 3s reg... .107% Do 1st inc :. 30
Do coupon ......1£8% Minn & St L 4s...lO3
U S new 4s reg.. .137% M K & T 4s 99«
Do coupon 138% Do 2nda ........' 79
US old 4s reg.. ..111% N Y Central lsts.105%
Do coupon 111% Do gen 3%s../..lOS%
US 5s reg .,1O<% N J Cent gen 6s.. 130%
D# coupon 107% Nor Pacific 4s 104%
Atchison gen 4s, ..102% Do 3a ... 7314
Do adjust 4s.... 97% Nor & W con '4s"lO2%
B *l tlm ° re '* ° <«-.102V* Readgen 4s....? 97%
Do 3 Hs 96% S L & I M con 5s.U5%
Do conv 4s 106% S L & S V 4s 95
Canad So 2nds.....lO8% S L SW lsts 93%
Cent of Ga 5s. 107% Do 2nds 79U
Do 1st Inc 71% S A & A P 4s 87%
Ches & Ohio 4%s..l07 So Pacific 4s 93%
Chi & Alton 3%s... 85%' So Railway 6b 119%
C B & Q new 4s. 98% T & P lsts 119%
C M & 6 P gen 4s.llO% T St L & W 4s 82
C R I & P 4s 106% . Do conv 4s.. .....107%
C C C & S L g 4S.104 Wabash lsts ......120
Chi Terminal 4s... 93% Do 2nd* ...... .;.U0%
Colo & So 4s 88% Do deb B......... 67%
D & R G 4s ..102% West Shore 4s... ..112%
Erie prior, lien 4s. 99- W & L E 4s.....'.. 91 -
£ r £r ? en J! ral 4s --."82% Wis Central 4s..... 87%
F W & D C lsts.. 106% Con Tob 4s.. ..63%
Hock Valley 4%s.. 107 •
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
'.BOSTON, .'Oct. 29.— The -.wool market ' con
tinues'; steady . and the - general^; features are
Boston Wool Market:
. Onions continue to advance slowly, 1 stocks be
ing light and the market being in strong hands.
: Potatoes continue firm and Rivers have made
another advance. ; ; • :. . • ..-' • .
"Corn' is about* out. Beans: continue firm.
Other -Vegetables are; featureless.. 'I \u25a0 . . •;
, Sweet ' Potatoes are scarcer, with hardly, any
coming in \u25a0 from the . river. \u25a0.. . • ,
POTATOES— 57%@90c in sacks • for Burbanks
fromi the river; Salinas \u25a0 Burbanks, $l@i' 30;
Oregon • Burbanks, $1@1 10; River Reds, ; $1 50®
1 60 ; \u25a0. Sweets, 35(§!40c for Rivers : and ' 75@S5o for
ONIONS— $1 20©l 45 per ctl -Pickle Onions. 60
@75c per "ctl. *'.- .; •".--.- .•••..'; ,^J?*y3n£j)3^*Baw
.. VEGETABLES4Green Peas, l%@3c- for. Gar
den; i-jtrlng Beans, l%@3o; Limas/ 2<S 1 2%c ; Cab-'
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
" No further decline in Beans is noted," and in
fact ; most ) descriptions are; quoted rather firm
than \u25a0 otherwise, \ owing ] to the damage by ifhe
recent rains. ..'. The market continues very unset
tled, however,, and dealers are shy. about taking
hold until they know more about the damage
\u25a0 Seeds are dull and unchanged.
. BEANS— Bayos, $2 10@2 30 ; Small White, $3®
3 25; Large White, $2 25@2 50; ' Pea,' $2 50©4;
Pink, $2(§>2 25; Red. $3; Blackeye, $3 25@3 40;
Limas; $4 65® 4 85; Red Kidneys. $3@3 75 per ctl
' SEEDS — Brown \u25a0• Mustard, " $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, " $3 25@3 40; Flax, > $2 65@^ 25; Canary.
3^@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa?- from Utah 8%c;
Rape, 1%@}%c; Hemp. 3%c per lb. . , l
: DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 90@2; : Green, $1 75
@2 25 per-ctl.- - ' f
Beans and Seeds.
' BOSTON, ' Mass., , Oct. 29.— The „ following
prices were realized here to-day at their auction
sale of California iruit by the Earl' Fruit Com
pany: . Grapes — Red .." Emperors, ., single crates
51 20@l 50, average $144. • Prunes— Italians, sin
gle crates,*.; average $1;. Silvers, single crates 75
<§95q,* average 76c. -Two cars sold to-day; pleas
ant weather. :. • \u25a0" "P-ztiV*-* '\u25a0••',\u25a0'. \u25a0.•...-*.»•' \u25a0 *%;?\u25a0
'PHILADELPHIA; Oct. . 29.— The Earl Fruit
Company auctioned \u25a0 California / fruit here * to
day \ and ; realized ; prices ' as i follows : -" Grapes-^-
Muscats, single crates, average -$1 60; Tokays,
single ; crates: $1 25@2 20, average $1 55; double
cratps,; $1 10@l 75, average ' $1 71. ." Pleasant
weather. : • ,\u25a0 .- . ' -. \u25a0
: NEW TORK, Oct 29.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day: Grapes— Red
Emperors, single crates, $1 25@1 80, average
$1 59 ; Emperors, clusters. . single crates, | $2 10@
3 50, : average j $2 91. . Pomegranates, ' average
J3 Gf. Prunes— Italians, 6ingle crates, S3c@$l 10,
average 98c; Silver, single; crates,- average 75c.
Six cars sold to-day.; Weather favorable. \u25a0 v
| CHICAGO. Oct: 29.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit to-day: Grapes— Assorted,'
single crates. $1 70@l 85, average $1 77; Cor
nlchons, single crates," $1 55@1 60, average $1 59;
double crates, $2 35@3 65, average $2 87; Tokays,
single crates, $115@1 70. average $1 44; doubla
crates, \u25a0 $2 85@3 80, average $3 41; Red Emperors,
single 'crates, . $1 10@l' 45, 'average ',$1 26. 'Six
cars sold to-day. -Weather dry and cool. - .
NEW T6RK, Oct. 29.— Porter Bros/Company
sold California fruit to-day: . W.Nellls, $3 20®
5 10. .average^ $3 65;." E.* Buerre, : $2 50; ClaiF
geaus, $2 6002 80, average $2 63 ; Tokays, - $1 55@
average J3 75; assorted, $1 SO; double crates,
2 25, ..average $2 07; double crates, $3 S5@4 40,
$3 80; Cornichons, $1 75<Ej>4 20, average $3 92;
double crates. $3 70. \ ' Six cars sold to-day.
\u25a0Weather fine. \u25a0 -,,',---\u25a0
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
. TUESDAY, Oct. 29—2 pi m,
UNITED STATES BONDS. ,
Bld.Ask.| , Btd.A»k.
4s quar coup.. 111% — 4s qr c (new). 139 140
4s quar reg 111%11Z% 3s quar coup. .108% —
MISCELI^ANEOUS BONDS. <
Bay C P C 5s.106%107 Oceanic SS 5s.lO3H —
Cal-st 5s 118 — Omnibus C 6s.l39ii —
C C Water 5sOllVill2% Pac G Imp 4s. 95 —
Ed L & P ,6s. — 131% Pk & C H 6s.lU 113
Fer & O H 6s. — 122 Pk & O R 6s.l21 —
Geary-st 5s.... — 100 Powll-st R 6s. — —
H € & S 5%s.-— — Sac E G R 5s. 96 9S
Do 6s 99% — S F*& SJV 5S.122H123';
Los Ang R 5s.U7%llS Sierra Cal 6s.. — — >
L A Light 6s.l01ii — S P of Aria 6s
Do gntd 6s.U0O — (1909) 113 113=5
Do gntd 6s. .101 103 (1910) 114U —
L A & P 5s...l01%102 S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m 6s. — 123 (1905). Ser A.107% —
Mkt-st Cab 6a. — 128% (1905), Ser B.108%109
Do 1 c m 5S.122H — (1906) 110%lll
N H of Cal 6s. — 113\; (1912) 119% —
... Do 5s — 121% S P of Cal 1st
Nor Pac C 6s.l01% — c gntd 5s.. ..111% —
Do 58 .:.......— 108 SPBr Cal 6S.134 — •
Nor Cal R 6s. .112% — S V Water 6s.lll%112
Oak Gas 5s 111% — Do 4s — 104%
Oak Tran 6S..123V4 — Do 4s. 3d m.lO2%lC3V4
Do 1st c 5s..Ul%1124* Stktn Gas 63..1Q2& —
Oak Wat g 8s. — 108 I
WATER STOCKS. .
Contra Costa.. 77% 78% [Port Costa...:. 63% 68
Marln County. 53 — 'Spring Valley. 86 i6U
" , GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... — 4 Pacific Light.. 41 —
Equitable. S% 4 Sacramento ... 25 "—
Mutual 3 5% S F G A E.... 44^i 45
Oakland 61% San Francisco. 4% —
Pac Gas Imp. 39 — Stktn G & E.. 3 — «
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund.240 — '. -
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77% 79% L P & A......159%160
California ....406 — Mer Ex \u25a0 Oiq)-- 18 -.—
Cal Safe Dep.. 109 -r S F National.. 130 —
First Nationl.312% —
SAVINGS BANKS.
* German 1900 — I Sav & Loan... — 90
Hu'mboldt -— — Security Sav..2S5 S50
SSSa lav"...: 60 - 'Union Trust.,1700, -
S F Sav U.;..-625 .—
• • STREET RAILROADS.
CaHfornla ..--130% - lOff^* H..,. -g -
Market " :: "POWDER.
Giant 83% 85 |Vlgorit W* *Y»
SUGAR. . • _ ;•
Tf-n- i% 6 Kllauea 11 —
Hawaiian — * 7^ Makaweli ..... 37 —
\u25a0HSKif. ••\u25a0"HIS jOnomea 24 -25
Hu?chfnson ... 16% - iPaauhau U% 11?;
_1 . -- MISCELLANEOUS-
Alaska Pack. .112%— Oceanic S Co. 44 43
Cal Fruit Asn. 98 - Pac-Aux FA. ?M -
Cal Wine Asn. 89% 91K Pac C Borax. .163. — , .
Mer Exchnge..llO — Par Paint .... 18 — j
• -. . Morning . Session. ~.^(
Board— " . . .=
5 Contra- Costa Water 77.3-'
San Francisco Meat Market.
Local packers report light .Hogs, ' of , 150
pounds and under,- in over .supply and weak,
but the heavy and medium weights in moderate
receipt and wanted. . Prices for . all kinds re
main as before. There is no change in n»«.f
Mutton and Veal, y ' - " . ±Jeer '
.. Wholesale rates from slaughterers . to dealers
are as follows: ' -"
BEEF— 6@6%c > for Steers and 5®5% O per lb
\u25a0 Veal— Large, 7%@3%c: small, 8®9c per lb
MUTTON-Wethers. 6%@7c; Ewes. 6®6%c Per
pound. ' . ' - " ' \u25a0 \u25a0 > it .
LAMB— 7@8c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 230 lbs and under 6c- over
230 lbs. 5%@5%c; feeders,"- ; sows 20 per cert
off : boars. 30 per • cent . oft, and stags 40 wr
cent off ; from the above quotations ; ' dressed
Hogs, 7%@9c. . : KHQflE
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags- 7c; local
make, %c; less than Calcuttas; Wool' Bars 32
@35c: - Fleece Twine. 7%@8c; Fruit Bags saia
6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for Jute '-
CANNED FRUITS— Outside packers who have
Cherries, have advanced prices 10c owing to
meager stocks, c Lemon cling Peaches are scan>
and firm,' and the canners are buying from each
other to fill ' assorted . orders. \u25a0 The California
California Fruit Sales.
Receipts of Hay were much smaller, being
only 310 tons, including U cars. The "market
was \u25a0 steady and unchangoJ, with a good de
mand. :\u25a0_. _, . . . . . .
Middlings are still lower, recent receipts
having been too heavy. Corn products are also
weak in sympathy, with the raw grain. Bran
is weak,. but unchanged.
BRAN— $19@20 per ton • . . '- ..- '
MIDDLINGS— $20@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 per ton-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; Jobbing $28 50
@29 ; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21 ; Corn Meal', $33®
•34; Cracked Corn, $33 50@34 50; Mixed Feed $18
@19. HE . -'\u25a0..- . • , . -
HAY— Wheat, $9@12; fancy, $12 50; Wheat and
Oat $8 50@ll 50; Oat, $8@10; Barley and \u25a0 Oat.
$7@9; Alfalfa, $8@10 60; Clover, $5 50@7; Volun
teer, $5@8; Stock, $5@7 per ton.v- " , .^ r \u25a0;
J STRAW— 30@45c per bale. '.i ?Z>
Hay and Feedstuff s.
NEW i YORK, Oct. 29.— Special cable . and
telegraphic communications to Bradstreet's
show the following changes in available sup
plies from last account: ' '" \u25a0. . . > . \u25a0 ' ' \u25a0 - :
Wheat— United • States and ' Canada, . east of
the Rockies, increase 4,954,000 ' bushels; . afloat
tnd in Europe, decrease 2,000,000; total supply,
increase 2,954,000 bushels. "\u25a0 .; \u25a0 \u25a0"\u25a0 "' \u25a0 ,
Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase .475, 0C0' bushels. .
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, . decrease 290,000 bushels. ' ;" \u25a0
Available Grain Supply:
Wool is" dull and steady at unchanged quo
tations. . .
Hops continue inactive, as buyers and grow
ers v are apart in their views. Some growers
are still holding out for 15c, but buyers posi
tively refused to consider this price.
Hides are still in demand and firm-at-un
changed quotations, with light stocks. Tallow
is easier, in sympathy, with softer Eastern
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 1%O under " quotations. \ Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides.
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c; Salted
Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal, \u25a0 10c; Salted Calf. 10®
10%c; Dry Hides, 16«gl6%c; Culls, \u25a0 14c; Dry
Kip. 16c; Dry Calf, - 18@19c ; Culls and Brands,
16@17c; sheepskins, shearlings, . 15@30c each;
short Wool, 5O@6Oc each; medium, 50® 73c; long
Wool. 90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 60
@2 75 for large and $2<g2 25. for medium, $1 75
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for medium, $1 25 for
small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or
red skins, 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; win
ter: or thin skins, 20c. - Goatskins^Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium," 35c.
\u25a0\u25a0 TALLOW— Reflned, 6%c; No. 1 rendered. 6@
6>Ac per lb; No. 2. .4@4%c: grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7. months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine,- 14®
15c; do, medium and coarse, " ll@13c; Oregon,
\u25a0Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair, to good, sii
lie : Nevada* 10@12c. < ,
' Fall— San Joaquin, 6%@8%c; San Joaquln
Lambs,' 7%@9c; Middle County, 8(8T10c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9@llc; do, defective, S@3c*
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@12c per lb.
'HOPS— 9@10c for fair. and ll@i3c per lb for
cood to choice.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
: Wheat— .. Dec. .March.
Opening ; 5 8% . 6 10
Closing ., 5 8% 5 10%
PARIS.
Wheat— . \u25a0 \u25a0. Oct. Jan.-Apr.
Opening ......# 20 55 21 60 .
Closing ...20 60 .2155 ;
Flour —
Opening ....26 55 -27 45 •
Closing ; ; 26 35 27 35 ;
- MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual, discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal; 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy, $i
@4 25; »" Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour
$3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35; in sacks'
$6 50®8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split -Peas, $5; Green
Peas, $6 50 per 100 pounds. • - '
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 25@
3 60, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 BO^ 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for. bakers' ; , Washington bakers', $3 15
@3. \u25a0-" • ~>.- • \u25a0 , : -. : .'\u25a0.-.'•*
Flour and Millst tiffs'. £
. On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, 14@21%o; dairy,
13@>19c. Cheese, steady,. 9%@10?ic. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 18%@19c. ... . " :
All classes of stocks were Tery don on th*
morning sessions and quotations showed no
change. * **^
In the afternoon Contra Costa Water vu -
higher at $77 37%®78 and Giant Powder at -
$S3 87%684. Business continued don.
Pacific Coast Borax was ex-dlvldend of H,
or $19.C0O, yesterday. \ \u25a0
Kern River Oil has levied, an assessment of
EOc. understood to be for the purpose of com
pleting, payments for land.
STOCK MARKET. •
The market was weak and dull at Monday's
decline. The Chicago market was steady, but
Hogs. were 10c lower. The whole market every
where is shaky. - : \u25a0:
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium. 13%c for light.
14%c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured.
Eastern sugar-cured \u25a0 Hams, 13%c; California
Hams, 13c; Mess Beef. $11 per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family. $12 EO; prime Mess Pork.
$15; extra clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef,
14c per lb. .- -
LARD— Tierces", quoted at 8c per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
ll%c; 10-lb tins. 12V4c; 5-lb tins, 12%c; 3-lb tins,
12%c. • \u25a0 • ' • !
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. 10%c; three
half -barrels, 10%c; one tierce,, 10%c; two tieces,
10c; five tierces, 9%c per. lb.
Provisions.
Receipts of Produce, ./
FOR TUESDAY. OCTOBER 29.
Flour, qr ska.... 6,254 Bran, sks 1.0CO
XVheat, ctls 78.973 Middlings, ska ... SO
Barley, ctls 20.130 Wool, sks .« 595
Oats, ctls 920 Buckwheat, sks.. 144
Corn, ctls 1,670 Leather, roll* ... 43
1 Rye. ctls 660>Hay, tons . 310
Sugar, ctls 14, C67; Quicksilver, flska 94
Tallow, ctls ..... 2361 Hides, No- 105
Beans, sks 3.733; Pelts, bdls 140
Potatoes, sks ... 2.380: Lime, bbla • 183
Onions. Bks 522 Wine, gala 5J.35S
UTAH.
Flour, qr sks 1,313/ •
The local tradT"contlnues to report dull mar
kets for everything In the list, though quota
tion* Fhow no further change. Eastern deal
ers ere said to h* well supplied for the -time
being, and are not in the market, except at
pronpunced concessions, which California sell
ers are not willing to give. . . . -
FRUITS— Apricots. 7®8%c for Royals and 8®
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 5%@7c; sun-dried, 3%@4%c;
Peaches. 5@7V.c; Pears,- 4®8c; Plums, pitted, 3%
@5c; impitted. l@2c: Nectarines. 5®6c for red
and^5"4@8%e for whitej-Flss. 3®3%c for black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows :
80-40's, 5»4@5%c; 40-50' s, 4%@5c; 50-60" s, 4H@
4%c; 60-70' s, 3%@4c; 70-80's, 3y*@3%c; 80-90" s. 2%
@3c; 9<MJ0O's. 2Vi@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial. $3; Dehesa. • $3 50; fancy. $1 75; 4
crown, • $160; London Layers— Three-crown,
$1 20; two-crown, $1 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose Muscatels— Four-crown. 4%c; Three
crown, 4%c: Two-crown, 3%c; Seedless Musca
tels, 4»4c • Seedless Sultanas. 5%c: Thompson
Seedless, 6%e; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, 8%c:
choice. 7%er standard, 6%c; prim*. 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 6c. Bleached Thompsons-
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c; stan
dard. 7%c: prime,: 6%c. Fancy Beeded, 6%c;
choice seeded, 5%c> '•\u25a0
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8@12%c; Walnuts. No. 1
softshell. 9%c: No. 2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c;
No. 2, Tc; Almonds, 13@14c for papershell, 10
@llc for softshell and 6@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c;
'ji'llbefts, 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50®^. . \u25a0
HONEY— Comb, -12@12%c for bright and 10®
U%c for light amber; water white extracted,
6"@6c;. light amber extracted, 4®5c; dark, 4c
BEESWAX— 25@28<5 per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales. ;.
Second Session — No sales." '
Regular Morning Session — No sales. \u25a0
Afternoon Session — No sales. "\u25a0 - , :
OATS— Local dealers report the market firm,
particularly for choice lots for seed, which are
bringing an advance. There is also a steady
demand for feeding. Offerings, however, are
liberal.
; Grays. $1 10@l 22%; whites, $1 15@1 27%; Sur
prise, $1 30@l 32%; black, $1@1 20, and red,
$105@117% per ctl for feed and $1 20@l 25 for
seed. - - : \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0•\u25a0 \u25a0
CORN— Prices continue to decline' and re
ceipts of the new crop are slowly increasing.
Large yellow is quoted at $1 S0@l 35; small
round yellow, $1 40; white, $1 47%; Eastern
Corn, nominal. • v
RYE— Continues dull and weak at 72%@76>iic
per ctL
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal: none ' in first
hands. " .
• Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December— 2000
ctls. $1; 4000, 99%c. . .... :
. Second Session— No sales. .
Regular Morning Session — May— 2000 ctls,
$1 04%; 28.000 $1 04. , -\u25a0\u25a0 k
Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY — The feeling is steady and choice
bright feed sold up to 75c, but the market con
tinued dull. The country Is said to be as. dull
as the city. •
Feed. 73%@75c for choice bright, 72%c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77%@82%c; Chevalier, 95c<g$l 05 per ctL
• WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are fairly steady at
31s 3d, usual options. The chartered' wheat
fleet in port has a registered tonnage of 86,300,
against 44,934 on the same date last year; dis
engaged, 25,670 tons, against 10,630; on the way
to this port, 198,930 tons, against 183,110.
WHEAT*-Parls futures were lower, -but Liv
erpool showed no change.^ Broomhall cabled. in
regard to the Argentine situation that in
Buenos Ayres, which constitutes . a quarter of
the grain area, the \u25a0 prospects are satisfactory,
but elsewhere the losses are heavy. Other
cables confirmed this information. A wire to
Bolton, De -Ruyter & Co. from Chicago said:
"Crossman. -the big coffee house, has a cable
from Buenos Ayres saying that two-thirds of
the wheat crop was ruined and that no . more
agricultural harvest machines should b« ship
ped there." . /• ' - •
Chicago opened strong, but slow. . Armour
was a big seller and, in fact, there was a large
selling business. The, market was full, of
Wheat, the foreigners . sold, the local bulls
.'dumped "their holdings and the Northwest also
let go of large lots. St." Louis wired that
drought reports from the winter Wheat sections
were increasing and that there was no rain
In sight. -
; This market was lower on call, but ship
ping grades were unchanged. \u25a0 . \u25a0 • .
Spot Wheat — Shipping, 98%c@$l; milling,
$102%@105 per ctl. '. \u25a0\u25a0» \u25a0
. CALL' BOARD SALES.
Wheat and Other. Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days....."... . - $4 84%
Sterling Eachange, sight. ..<..*..... — 4 87%
Sterling Cables ...\..... — 4 88%
New \u25a0York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — \ ' 12H
Silver, per ounce — 'T, 6 J,?»
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47%
Exchange and Bullion.
APPLES— n@l 25 per box for extra, 60<g85c
for good to choice and 25@50c for ordinary.
POMEGRANATES— 60@75c per box.
PEARS— Winter Nells. $1@1 25 per box; com
mon, E0@75c - ' .
QUINCES — 40®60c per box. . • .
PERSIMMONS— 75c@tl per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $6@7 per chest for Leng
worths and $3@4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— None in. .
• LOGAN BERRIES— None in.
RASPBERRIES— J4@5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES — Per lb, 5<g7c.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $9 60 per barrel;
to arrive. $10 50; Coos Bay, $2 50 per box.
FIGS— Black, $1; White, ! per box.
MELONS — Nutmegs, 40®65c per box; Canta
loupes.- 50c@$l per crate; Watermelons, <$5@10
per 100.
GRAPES— Verdels, 60@75c per box and crate;
Tokay, 60090c; Muscat, 6O@85c; Black. 60<S85c;
Cornlchon. 60@83c; Wine Grapes, $25@30 per ton
for Zlnfandels and $20®27 for White. _ , *
. CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, 75c@$2 for com
mon, $3 25©3 75 for good to choice, and $4 for
fancy; .new Navels, $2 50@3 50; Lemons, $1@1 25
for common and $2@3 for good to choice; Grape
Fruit, $1 50@4; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; Ba
nanas. $1 50@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $4£5
per dozen. v ' \u25a0 ; -
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Figs are higher, as receipts are slender and
in better condition. Melons are quiet. and un^
changed. . \u25a0'..'. . \u25a0•
Apples and Pears ar» in sufficient supply at
previous prices. ' -» "
Grapes were higher, receipts - being lighter,
and • the rain havinc done more or - less dam
age to th« crop. There were some? shipments
to Portland by express. Wlna Grapes _will
soon be out. '
Berries are .dull and featureless.
Oranges are easy, with slowly Increasing re
ceipts. Lemons show no change, but- Limes
are lower. Three cars of Bananas came In.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
'. Territoryi wools continue to , lead \ the list In
salet. Fine wools -are quoted at 43c for secur
ed,, fine mediums from 40, to 43c. while. staple
•ots are. selling at' 46@47c- Quotations: •
: Territory, scoured ? basis— Montana, fine, 15@
16c; scoured, 46c: fine medium, 15@17c I scour
ed, 42@43c; staple, 14@18c; scoured, 465j'48c;
Utah, Wyoming and Idaho, fine, 13® 14c; scour
ed. 44@49c; medium, • 14@15c; scoured," 40-J?X3c;
staple. 15H@16c; 'scoured," 45<@46c. '" "
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices—Comb
ing superfine, 70<S72c; superfine, 68@70c; aver
fge," 65@67c. , ' .\u25a0 \u25a0 ' \u25a0 \u25a0 f
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
* CHICAGO, : Oct. -,. 29. -^CATTLE— Receipts,
7000, • including - 10CO Texan's and 1500 Westerns.
Steady at Monday's advance. Good to prime.
Ftcem, $8 25@6 85; poor' to medium, $3 E0@6;
Btockers and feeders, $2@4 35; cows and heif
ers, $1 25@5; canners, . $1 25@2 25; • bulls, ?2@
4 60; calves, $3@6 25; Texas steers, $.3@4; West
ern steers, $3 6005 50. \u25a0•\u25a0 - - - . ; >
HOGS— Receipts " to-day, 28,000; to-morrow,
30,000; left over, .4000;' lOo lower;nilxe<l and
butchers', $5 80®6 80; good to choico heavy;
$5 85@6 30; rough TTeavy. ?5 50@5 80; rlight, $5 80
©6; -bulk of sales, $5 80@6. - - . \u25a0 • ,
SHEEP— Receipts, 32,000; steady to 10c high
er; good to choice wethers," $3. 50@4 25; fair to
choice mixed, $2 90©3 50; '.Western sheep, $3@
3 65; native lambs, $2 50<g6; Western , lambs,
$3 2d@4 65. . . • . « .--: -. . ' . .
" i ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Oct. 29.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1800. Market active and- stronger; na
tives, $3<g3 50; Westerns, - $2 75@3 60; cows and
heifers, $1 35@5 10. - . ' .-- _\u25a0 .. • .
HOGS— Receipts, 6300. Market 10c lower.
Light and light mixed, $5 60@5 95; medium and
heavy, $5 75@6. . •
SHEEP— Receipts, 842. Steady to strong;
lambs and yearlings, mixed, $4 50; top weth
ers, $3 90; top ewes, $3 50; lambs. $4 50@4 75.
- Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 28.— Clearings, $466,
276; balances, $67,665. ' ., V;
Northern Wheat Market.
\u25a0i : •'. . • OREGON. - ' >
PORTLAND, Oct: 29.— Wheat-Walla Walla, v
55%@66c. . . .
"WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, ' Oct. 29.— Wheat — Unchanged;
steady; Bluestem, 66c; Club. 65c. .
. Foreign Markets.
, LONDON. Oct. 29.— Consols, 92 8-16; BilveT.
26%d; French rentes, "lOOf 70c; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady: cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 28a 4%d: cargoes Walla Walla, 27s
10»£d; English country markets, steady. -
LIVERPOOL, Oct. -29.-Whe.at. steady; No. 1
standard California. 6s 10d@5s 10%d: wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, dull; weather ,ln England,
cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands. 4%d. I
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red" Lead. \u25a0 7©
7'4c per lb; White Lead, 6%@7%c according to
quantity.
\u25a0 SALT— H. R. H. t $24 75 per ton In large sacks
and $25 50 in 50s. Liverpool, $?1 25622 for the
best and $17 50<@20 for lower grades. Hlggins',
$27 50^30 per ton. t *
QUICKSILVER— $48 50047 SO per flask for lo
cal'use and $40@4o for export.
. SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflntnr Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 10O-Ib bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90c: Pow
dered, 4.75c; Candy I Granulated, 4.73c; Dry
Granulated. 4.65c; Confectioners' A. 4.63c: Fruit
Granulated, 4.63c: Beet Granulated (10O-lb bags
only). 4.45c: Magnolia. A. 4.25c; . Extra, C* 4.15c:
Oolden C, 4.05c; D. 3.95c; barrels. lOe.more:
half -barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 30-1 b
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half
barrels. 5.15c; boxes, 5.40c per lb. No orders
for Granulated -will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
LUMBER— Retail prices, are as follows: Ptae.
ordinary sizes. $1S®13 50; extra stzes, higher;
Redwood. $19@20: Lath. 4 feet. $3 90O4: Pick
ets. $19; Shingles. $2 for No. 1 and $1 75 for No.
2: Shakes. $13 for split and $14 for sawn; Rustic,
t25@3U \ -• \u25a0 -
Fruit Canners quote a» follows. In 2%-lb Una:
Apples, $1 06@l 45; Apricot*. *1@1 50; Peachea.
yellow, $1 20@l 65; do, Lemon Cling, $1 30@l 75;
Bartlett Pears, $1250173; Plums, -90c@$l 2o;
Nectarines $1@1 50; Muscat Grapes, 95c®|l 35;
Quinces, il lo@l 55; Strawberries. $1 30&1 75;
Blackberries, »1 3C@1 60. .
CANNED VEGETABLES— The canners hav*
advanced 2%-lb standards to 85c, but th« mar.
ket is kept down by stocks in Jobbers' hands,
bought some time ago at .70@77%c.
COAL— Wellington. |9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $3; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $©50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; "Wellsend. *9; Co-operative Wall3end.
$3; Cumberland, $12 50 in- bulk and $13 75 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 4o
per 2000 U>s and $3 50 per ton, according to
brand. '. \
CORDAGE — The local cordag» companv
quotes as follows: Pur* Manila, 15»ie per lb. i
Sisal size. ll*$c; Bale Rope, ll©U%c; Duplex,
10%c Terms. 60 days, or 1*4 per c«nt cash
discount. Lots of 10,000 lbs, lc less.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4%c;
cases, regular. 5c; cases, extra large. 5Hc;
cases, Eastern style, 6c; Boneless, 6c; "Nor
way," 6%c; "Narrow Gauge." «&:; "Silver
King," 7c; Blocks, 6%®7c; Tablet*. 7%c;
Middles. "Golden State. >T 7c; Middles. "White
Seal." Sc; B-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless. 9c:^5-lb
boxes,' Fancy Boneless, 7%@8c; Desiccated, per
dozen, 75c; Pickled Cod. barrels, each, $7|
Pickled Cod. half-barrels, each. $4.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 13@13%e for strictly
prims to fancy washed. 10%®ll%c for prime
washed. »@9%c for good washed. 9%@ll%c for
good to prime washed peaberry,. 8%@9%c for
fair to prime peaberry, 8@9%c for good to
prime. 7@3c for fair, 5%S6%c for common to
ordinary.
Salvador 1 — ll®12%e for strictly prime -washed,
8%@10%e for good to prime washed. 7%@8Vic
for fair washed, 10®llc for good to prime
washed peaberry. 7%@8%c for good to prim*
semi-washed. 8®8*4c for superior unwashed. 7%
1 ©8c for good green unwashed. 8%©9c for good
to superior unwashed peaberry. 5>436%c for
common to ordinary-
Nicaragua— Il©l3c for prime to fancy washed.
8@10c for fair to strictly good **»**<*• 7@7%e
for good to superior unwashed,, 8>438%c for
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 10H@13e for prime to
fancy washed. 8%®9%e for strictly good
washed, 8@8%c for good washed. 7@Sc for fair
washed, 6%@7e for medium. 5@«%c for Inferior
to ordinary. HgVPAe for good to prime washed
peaberry. &89c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. 7%@7%c for good to superior un-
LEATHEK- Bole, heavy. 30<®32e per lb: Sole
Leather, medium, 27@29c: Sola Leather, llarhn
2(@26c; Rough Leather, heavy, 28®28c; Rough
Leather, light, 2S@26c: Harness Leather, heavy.
33@3Sc for No. 1 and 30«23c for No. 2; Harnt!«»r;
Leather. medium. 30!g37c: Harness Leather^
light, 23@35c; Skirting. 36®40c: Collar Leather.
15<J?16o per foot: Kip. unfinished, 40® 50c per n>: •
Veal finished, 16@17c per foot: Belt Knlf»
Splits. 14#16c; Rough Splits. S®t3c per lb.
TANB ARK— Ground. $2S®23 per ton: Stldt, I
$16<B18 per cord.
OILS— California Castor Oil. rn cases. No. 1.
70c; pure. H 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
74c: raw, 72c y cases, 5c more; Lucol, . 64c for
boiled and 62o for raw In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. «2- cases. 30c:
China Nut, B5@72e per gallon: pura Neatsfoot.
in barrels, 70c: cases. 73c; Sp^mv pure. C5c:
Whale Oil. natural white. 40®45c per gallon:
Fish Oil, barrels, 37&c; cases. 42^:; Cocoanut
Oil. barrels, 63^c for Ceylon and 58^c fcr Aus
tralian. \u25a0 \u25a0
COAL OIL—Water White Coal OH. in bulk.
13%c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c: Astral. 20c: Star.
20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c: Eocene. 22c:
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; la
cases, 21Hc; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; In cases,
20i jc; gg. degree Gasoline. In bulk, 20c; In cases.
28%c ,
TURPEMT1N K — 58%c per gallon tn cam and
52c In drums and iron barrels.
The depression In Butter continues, and deal
ers are still making concessions to sell. Stocks
are too large. '. . .
There Is plenty of Cheese on the market, but
not enough to" cause a decline, though most
dealers are quoting an easier market. \u25a0
Eggs are weak. Stocks are free, and there
Is a good deal of Eastern and. cold storage
stock offering. • "T v - v'-- \u25a0\u25a0 » . \u25a0
' Receipts ' were 34,100 pounds "of Butter.'
pounds of Kastern Butter, 578 cases of Eggs.
400 cases . Eastern Eses, ! 3600 pounds of Cali
fornia" Cheese and pounds Oregon Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery,, 27@28c per lb for
fancy and 24@26o for eeconds; dairy/ 18@24c;
store Butter, 15@17e per lb; Creamery Tubs,
21@22%c; Pickled Roll, 18@19c; Keg. 18@19c
' CHEESE- New. 11%®12c; Old. 10%c; Young
America, 12%@13c per lb; Eastern, 13915c.
EGGS— Ranch. 88@40o for selected large. 35
@87%c for good to choice and 32%@34e for fair;
store, 22@25c per dozen; cold storage, 21©25c;
Eastern, lS@24c. • . ._
Another car of Eastern Poultry came In, and
another Is expected, to-day^ Prices -for all de
scriptions stood about as before, the demand
being. fair. : _ - \ \
Arrivals of Game were - moderate, being 55
sacks, and as they were In first-class condi
tion the market did better, as will be seen.
POULTRT-Uve" Turkeys, 14@15c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens: Geese per pair, $1 30
@l 75; Goslings, $1 50@l 75; Ducks, $3@3 50 for
old and $3 50@4 50 for young; Hens, $3 50@4 50;
young Roosters, $3 50@4 50; old Boosters; $3 50®
4; Fryers, 43 25@3 50: Broilers, \ S3 25® 3 50 for
large and - $3©5 for small : Pigeons. $1 23
©1 50 per dozen for old and $1 75©2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1@1 25;
Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush:
Mallard, $4@5; Canvaeback. $3<ft5; Sprig, $2 oO
@3; Teal, $2@2 50; Widgeon,- $1 50@2; Small
Ducks, $1 E0; Black Jacks, $1 50; English Snipe,
$2 £0; Jack- Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese. $3@3 50;
White ( Geese, $1; Brant^ $1 25@2 per dozen.
; Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry and Game.
unchanged. Manufacturers I are \u25a0 using I a large
amount -of wool and are buying .when they
get . short, but there is an \u25a0 absence . of specu
lative feeling. I Dealers are of ; the, opinion | that
the market will continue steady- during the
remainder, of the : day. •\u25a0-.'" - • - * •\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:.'
bage, 60@75c per ctl;. Tomatoes, from Alaineda.
20@35c; Dried: Peppers, 10@12%c; Green Okra. 40
@50c per box; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Cu
cumbers,30@35c; ; Pickles,', 2%@3c per lb for
small : and l@l%c for large ; Garlic, 1%©2%c :
Green Peppers, 40@60c per box for Chile and 40
©60c for Bell; Egg Plant. 4O@60c per box; Sum
mer-Squash, 60@75c; Marrowfat Stpiash, $6@8
per. ton ; Hubbard, Squash, $20.
THE SAN FRANCISCO^CALli.iWEbNESte,; OCTOBER 30) 1901;
New York Grain and Produce
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
10
AUCTION SEES-
W. P. BEAUCHAMP, Auctioneer,
Offlco and 'salesroom, 923-930 Howard street.
Tel. Jessie 1122. Will sell THIS DAT at sale*-
room. Administrator's Sale of $4C0O stock of
bazaar goods of every description. Trade in-
vited. W. P. BEAUCHAMP. Auctioneer.
SALE.fc*
At Arcade Horse Market. 3SJ Sixth st., Wednes-
day October 30, at 11 a. m., I will sell 30 head
of young horses Just from the country.
JOHN J. DOYLE, Livestock Auctioneer._ATE SHIPPING INTEIXIGENCE.
'-'!;' ARRIVED. •
'Tuesday, October 29.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hlnkle, from Port Har
ford. ,..\u25a0\u25a0*•"\u25a0• •
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr Chlco
hence Oct 27.
Sailed Oct 29— Stmr Coqullle River, for R?
dondo. ; \u25a0 ;.--.- ., \u25a0
POKT ' BLAKELET- Arrived Oct 2£— Schm
Comet and Excelsior, from San Pedro; schr W
H Smith, from Honolulu. .
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Oct 2!>-Stmr Santa
Rcsa, from San Francisco; stmr St - Denis,
from Ensenada.
.V -- OCEAN- STEAMERS. - ,•:'.:,
BOULOGNE— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr State'n
dam,' from New York, for Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded, arriving at Rotterdam at- 10 am.
YOKOHAMA-Salled Oct 29-Stmr ' Idzuml
Maru.- from Kobe, for Victoria and Seattle * i
BROWHEAD— Passed Oct 29— Stmr Celtic
from New York, for Queenstown and Liver-
BOOl. . . . . -•
Under orders from the War, Department
Lieutenant T. A. Jones Is relieved from
duty in San Francisco and will sail for
his new station at Honolulu on the Kil
patrick.
By direction of the Secretary of War
Captain E. H. Plummer. Tenth Infantry
has been assigned to duty as quarter
master of the new discharge and deten
tion camps at Angel Island. .
Orders for Army Officers.
The will of Miss Isabella Levy, who
died on the 22d inst., was filed yesterday.
The document bears the date of 1882 and
contains two codicils. The estate of the
testatrix is "left to her mother, with the
provision that in the event of her moth
er's death the property is to go to Reuben
H. Lloyd, a life-long friend. Miss Levy's
mother died some time ago and tho prop
erty is now Lloyd's.- • •, \u25a0 . \u25a0•
Miss Levy's Will Piled.
Sparring has been cut out of the traln
insr programme of big Gus Ruhlin, the
Akron giant, who is to flght Jeffries for
the championship of the world. This de
cision ~as reached at his training quar
ters at Ulariken's Six-mile House Sunday
afternoon, after he had Injured his left
Sparring and Takes Tip
Gymnasium Work.
BTTELIM" I-ELS A WINNER
The bodies of two unknown drowned
men were found floating in the
bay yesterday, one near Folsom-street
wharf and the other between Angel Isl
and and Alcatraz Island. Both were mid
dle aged or elderly men. The first wore
gray, pants and black coat and vest well
worn, with black lace shoes, gray stock
ings, soft white shirt, black necktie and
gray underwear. He was 5 feet 10 inches
tall and had a red mustache. The only
property found on him was a tobacco
pouch, an eyeglass and a brass key check
marked "F 37." The features were un
recognizable. \u25a0
The man found In midstream was
dressed as a laborer with blue overalls.
Two Drowned Men Found.
Manager Jim Kennedy explained to him
that new Inventions have been adopted
which abolish the use of many electric
lights when the machine is working. At
a fight at Coney Island a -year ago so
many electric lights were used that it
made the atmosphere unbearable. Jef
fries was afraid this- would be a second
experience of that kind and decided to ob
ject to the taking of pictures. Kennedy
explained that under' the new condition's
the lights would not. inconvenience the
men. Delaney was convinced that this
was correct and withdrew his objections
J. F. Byrne, manager for the Edison Com
pany, is negotiating, for • the privilege of
taking tbe pictures
"I am in fine fettle at the present time
and will do only enough work to keep me
In good condition. I don't want to take
on* a lot of weight. As a matter of fact
I want to fight Jeffries at the heaviest
weight that it is possible for me to scale
and still be in prime condition. I weigh
200 pounds now and will go into the ri'ig
only a few pounds lighter. You know Jeff
can t fight under 220, and I would like to
be as close to that weight as possible. I
will go into the ring in proper shape. All
pugilists say they will win their fights,
and I suppose I am llke^all the rest when
I say that the public will see a big rlnir
around my name after the battle " - •
Billy Delaney, representing Jeffries,
came down from Harbin Springs yester
day to formally protest against kineto
*cope pictures being taken of the Jeffries-
Ruhlin fight. .. •
Huhlin has been training about Blan
ken's lor the past five or six weeks and
has been sparring with a great many
pugilists who were training for battles.
He says that his determination to cut out
the boxing game from his training pro
gramme is the result of a conference be
tween all parties having a hand in his
training.
"If I don't know how to box now," said
Ruhlin, "I never will learn. Surely I
couldn't learn anything during the two
weeks that will elapse before the fight.
Then again. I don't want to take any
more chances of injuring my hands, for I
certainly would not enter the ring with
my hands in a .bunged-up condition. My
work from now on will consist of a run
down to the Sierra Point house every
morning. I will start out at 9 o'clock,
and, as it Is four miles down there, I will
not get back to training quarters until
about 10:45 o'clock. I have been over this
run many times since I have been in
training and must say I like it. At 3 in
the afternoon I tackle the gymnasium
work, punch the bag, do dumbbell exer
cise and skip i the rope. This takes an
hour of my time.
hand while making a vicious swing to the
black cranium of Denver Ed Martin.
Ruhlin will indulge only in road and
gymnasium work trom now on to the
night of the battle. There will be a slight
variation from, this programme on Satur
day night, for Gus will journey to Red
wood City, which is about twenty-five
miles from his training quarters, to box
four friendly rounds with Joe McAuliffe,
who had an unhappy career in the ring as
an aspirant for championship honors.
McAuliffe, who is now working in a
tannery at Redwood City, intends to open
a boxing school there. Ruhlin goes to
Redwood Saturday to help out McAuliffe,
who was once managed by Billy Madden,
now Ruhlin's manager, on the opening
night.
PLYMOUTH, WIb., Oct. 29.— Herman
Dormeir, a shoemaker about 50 years of
age, was handled roughly by a mob this
evening and* given a coat of red paint, the
result of his expressed sympathy for
President McKinley's assassin. The citi
zens are still greatly excited over the af
fair.
Anarchists Get Red Paint.
Chauffeurs Run Out to Beach.
The moonlight run to the Cliff House of
the Automobile Club of California, which
was postponed last Saturday on account
of the rain, will take place to-night. P.
F. Rockett will act as captain. The auto
mobilists will rendezvous at the corner of
Van Ness avenue and Market street at
7:30 p. m.
The machines will be decorated with
Chinese lanterns, and it is expected that
at least forty will take part In the " run.
LONDON. Oct. 29.— August Belmont has
had important conferences with the turf
authorities. He said he saw the officials
of the English and French Jockey clubs
and that they evinced the most friendly
de§tre"t6~em.er-inro' reciprocal arrange
ments with the New York Club. Mr. Bel
mont added:
"I cannot disclose the details until I
consult my American colleagues. But you
can say there is a good outlook for thor
oughly reciprocal arrangements between
these organizations." -
English Turfmen Will Reciprocate.
At the Custom-house here the Chinese
at once admitted that they had just come
from Mexico. They had crossed the line
on Sunday. They were committed to jail.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 29.— Collector W. W.
Bowers this morning- received a telephone
message from- Customs Officer Evans at
El Cajon, saying that four strange Chi
nese had appeared there. Evans was of
the opinion that they had just arrive!
from the Orient. Evans ; was instructed
by Collector Bowers to arrest the Chi
nese and bring them into the city. This
was done.
Tour Mongolians Confess That Thsy
Had Just Crossed the Mexi
can Border.
CONTKABANT> CHINESE
CAT7GHT AT EL CAJON
LONDON, Oct. 29.— The last of the
year's meetings at Newmarket opened to
day with splendid weather and resulted
in Americans winning four out of seven
races. Cossack (Maher) won the Ford
ham welter handicap, distance five fur
longs.
Orris Root (Maher) won an all-aged sell
ing plate, distance six furlongs. William
C. Whitney's Abriance filly (J. Reiff) won
the Criterion stakes, distance six furlongs
Rice (Martin) won the Limekiln stakes',
distance a mile and a half.
Americans Are the Winners.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Golden
Glitter won, Autumn Leaves second. Hoodwink
third. Time, 1:08%.
Sixth race, one mile— Andes won, Eva Rice
second. Free Pass third. Time, 1:41 2-5.
First race, five and a half furlongs— Miss
Hume won, Fademeny second, Tom Wallace
third. Time, 1:09.
Second race, six furlongs— Emma R won.
Siren Song second. The Butcher third. Time,
1:15%.
Third race, mile and an eighth — Orontas won,
Reseda second. Time. 1:54 3-5. Hermencla dis
qualified. Three starters, r
Fourth race, mile and fifty yards— Lennep
won, Telamon second Charley Moore third.
Time. 1:44 4-5.
CHICAGO, Oct. 29.— Lakeside results
First race, five furlongs, selling— Lynch won.
Carat second. Called Back third. Time, 1:O2VJ.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling— Nannie
Nolan won, Rabunta second, Salihda third.
Time. 1:27%. |
Third race, six and a half furlongs. purse-
Terra Flrma won, Rubus second, Taby. Tosa
third. Time, 1:19%./
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth, purse—
Patroclus won. Albert F. Dewey second. Wine
press third. Time, V.iiyk.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Ed L won,
Nearest second. Sard third. Time, 1:14.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Guide Rock
\u25a0won. Delsarte second, Charles D third. Time,
1:42&.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 29/— Fair Grounds results
First race six furlongs, selling— The Rogue
won. Lamp o' Lee second. Cherries third. Time,
Second race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
irt*^Fatallst —on, The Amazon second, Al
thea third. Time, 1:46 2-5.
Third race, selling, five furlongs— Bijou won,
Tenagra second. Wild Bess third. Time,
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling— Glen Nellie
won, Jack McGinn second, Kingstelle third.
Time. 1:15.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Icewater
won, Bessie McCarthy second, Pewey third.
Time. 1:08 4-5. .
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards— G.
Whittler won, Tact 6econd, Hot third. Time,
1:47.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 29.— Latonla summary:
First race, one mile, selling— Badge Bell won,
Elbe second, Economic third. Time, 1:42%. -
Second race five and a half furlongs— Our
Jessie won, Myrtle Dell second. Lady Brock
way third. Time, 1:09.
Third race, six furlongs, sellinK— Horseshoe
Tobacco won. Lady Kent second. Myrtle third.
Fourth race. . one mile— Johnnie McCarthy
won. Charlie O'Brien second, Henry Bert third.
Fifth ' race, six furlongs, selling— Hunter
Raine won St. Hera second. Moderator. third/
Time. 1:15.4. m
Sixth race, one mile. Belling— Winter won,
John Grigsby second. Maple third. Time, 1:42.
NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— Aqueduct summary
Bcsults of Events on Some of the Big
: ' Tracks.
RAGES IN THE EAST.
suffered. This was due to the myriad
flf lightf; that had to be suspended over
the ring.
Twentieth Century Club about pictures ot
the big fight. Delaney will not aerree to
pictures unless the persons to take them
on the night cf the contest will guarantee
that the men will not suffer from heat.
Delaney remembers the battle between
his man and Sharkey in New York a few
years ago. Pictures were taken, but the
neat was so great that the contestants
sporting man of San Francisco did; that
Is, he will not kill a tame bear with a
'ring in its nose and then flaunt it as evi
dence of his prowess. He intends to brin?
home th« real article.
Billy Delaney, the veteran trainer, who
is looking after the big fellow left for
San Francisco this mornine to confer.
Trith Msdden and Jim Kennedy of the
"and I would not be surprised to see him
come right to me. If he dees the spec-.;
tators aft; very likely to see a veritable"
'roughhoi^e* from the tap of the bell. I
am going; into the battle with but one
idea and that is to win and I will leave
nothing undone that is within the rules
of fair fighting to achieve a victory."
The champion tipped the scales at 220
pounds. He is gradually reducing him
self and expects to enter the arena on
the night: of the contest weighing closts
to this figure.
The heavyweight champion is a great
hunter. Every chance he gets he takes
a shotgun and his favorite dogs and
climbs the hills in the neighborhood.
Yesterday he treed four coons, and, after
flaying three of them, captured the re
maining one and brought him into camp.
He placed the animal In a barrel and
tied it to the wire fence around the fish
pond, with the intention of subsequently
adopting it as a pet. One of the members
cf the training staff fooled him, however.
In the early hours of the morning "Bob"
Armstrong, who likes possum, quail and
coon, paid a visit to the barrel with a
view to gloating over his future meal.
The coon became frightened and made a
jump for the big colored boxer and the
latter ducked. The prisoner, upon regain
ing- his liberty, dashed into a clump of
bushes and disappeared.
Jeffries intends going bear hunting next
Saturday night. He learned to-day that
a farmer in the vicinity lost two calves,
which were killed by a bear. Jeffries says
he will not do as a certain well-known
When s.sked how he intended to fight
Ruhlin the champion replied that it de
pended wholly, upon how Gus would fight
him. Jeffries said he never crossed a
bridge until he reached it.
"Ruhlin is a willing tighter." he said.
than Fit2;simmons and says that if Gus
and the freckled blacksmith were again
to meet ; the result might be different.
Jeffries says that if he defeats Ruhlin he
will be ready to meet Fltzsimmons in De
cember _id if Bob cannot till the engage
ment he will give Tom Sharkey another
trial.
Expects a Fast Fight.
Owing to a leak in the roof of his new
handball alley Jeffries took to the road
jesteraay. Murned up in heavy sweaters
and with his feet claa in strong shoes, the
champion went on a ten-mile spin to test
Ms breathing apparatus. "Kid" Eagan
paced him in a cart and during the jour
ney pointed out deep puddles tor Jeffries
to avoid. So intent was Kagan on pre
venting his fxiend dampening his feet
that once he pulled up his horse in such
_ hurry that Jeffries, who was right be
hind the cart, in trying to sidestep a col
lision, tripped over the wheel and receiv
ed a ducting. Eagan was profuse in his
Apologies. Jeffries laughed at his mishap,
f .-nook off the water and mud and they
continued the Journey.
Although perspiring freely and evident
ly tired trom his long run uphill, Jeffries
after a few minutes' rest doffed his coat
and tried his hand at the rowing machine.
He worked the oars vigorously for ten
minutes and during this violent exercise
kept up a running conversation. He
laughingly told of his fall and ridiculed
_agan's driving. He seemed to take de
light in rowing and said that he had found
this form of exercise highly benencial.
It not only strengthened his arms but
took out all the kinks that might be in
them. He: advised boxers to use this ma
chine.
While being rubbed down after partak
ing of an ice-cold bath Jeffries said he
never felt better in his life. He expected
to win his contest, but not without a
struggle. He holds Ruhlin to be better
Champion Hits the Road.
Jeffries does not talk about his coming
fight. He does not seem to worry nor
does he feel nervous as to the outcome. If
pressed for an opinion as to his chances
he modestly refrains from "boosting"
himself an 4 magnanimously speaks of
Ruhlin. wfcom he considers the best big
man now fighting, other than himself.
Special Dispatch to The Call
HARBIN SPRINGS. Oct.' 23.-These
are busy days in the Jeffries camp. The
<-h— npirm o* the world is fitting himself
fnr battle as he has never trained before
and to-day presents a picture of rugged
, health and strength that is a pleasure to
t?_°* u*>on. He is Indefatigable in his
work and his eparrins partners and rub
bers have careworn expressions on their
laces. He is as restless as a thoroughbred
race-horse and as happy as an overgrown
boy. Jeffries cannot sZt still a minute.
If he is not sidestepping or feinting at his
companions he is dancing a Jig or raising
his hearty voice in song. Despite the fact
that he is going through a "course of
sprouts" ' that would sour the average
person, his sunny disposition never de
serts him.
CORONA, Oct. 29.— Juana Campeo was
abducted by a Mexican named Rafael
Cabriz last Thursday evening and wa*
held a prisoner by him until Friday even
ing, when she was released and allowed
to return home. When she arrived at her
father's home she was in a serious, con
dition mentally and physically. -» .
The girl is 12 years of age and quite
pretty. Her father has charged her ab
ductor with a serious crime, and tho
warrant is now in the hands of thd
Sheriff. Up to the present time Cabri*
has eluded capture, but every effort will
be made to take him.
The scene of the abduction was a short
distance from the vineyard of John
Strong, • which is about two miles nortn
of Rincon, on the Pomona road. Juana
had been picking grapes In the vineyard
all day, and as evening approached left
for her home, which was only three
quarters of a mile distant. She had gono
but a short distance when a Mexican
sprang out from the roadside and, under
penalty of death forced her to accom
pany him. As the man was on foot, the
girl could have been easily rescued had
any one witnessed the kidnaping. The
man took the girl up into the hills to- a
dugout and detained her there until Fri
day evening.
Aurain Campeo, the father of the girl,
was cutting wood in the mountains a
long way from the scene of the abduc
tion, and the first news of the affair was
brought to him by his son. Campeo left
immediately, and with the help of friendg
endeavored to find and rescue his daugh
ter and capture her abductor. He was
not successful, and . he then notified : his
employer here In Corona, W. B. Robards,
who informed the Sheriff. Through the
father's neglect in not reporting the casa
sooner the criminal may escape.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
Misses H. Crap, Mamie Brannan an<l
Mabel Read were the young women who
left. Miss Read and Miss Brennan were
at the French Hospital at the time of the
trouble there with the nurses, and sev
ered their connection with the latter in
stitution at that time. Their places have
since been filled. Dr. James Bussing has
been elected resident physician, and Su
perintendent Murdock thinks that th?
troubles of the institution are at an end,
for the present at least.
On Monday night the climax came. Dr.
FrizeU's wife, says Murdock. wanted a
nurse's attention that night. Miss Dugan
refused the request. L>r. Frizell com
plained to the superintendent, who sus
tained Miss Dugan. The latter told the
nurses they would either have to obey her
or else leave the hospital. They chose the
latter alternative and went out with Dr.
Frizell and wife.
According to Murdock the St. Elmo
Hospital holds a commission from tho
State Lunacy Commission which holds the
superintendent alone responsible for the
conduct of the institution. He says he
Instructed Miss Dugan, the head nurse,
to notify the nurses under her charge to
pay more attention to the patients than
to Dr. FrizeU's wife. #
The St. Elmo Hospital, at Eighteenth
and Douglass streets, nestling under th
shadow of Twin Peaks, has added an
other chapter to its record of mlsfoi
tunes. The building- passed from the
hands of Its original owner, "Nobby"
Clarke. Then it was turned into a sani
tarium and smallpox broke out amontJ
the patients. Outbuildings to which the
patients had been removed were destroy
ed by order of the Board of Health. The
Institution was subsequently changed
into a private asylum for the insane.
Dr. J. I*. Frizell was installed as resi
dent physician, and with his wife took up
his aooae at the hospital. All went along
nicely until, it is alleged, Dr. FrizeU's
wife began to usurp the attendance of tho
nurses to the detriment of the patients.
Superintendent A. Murdock- objected to
this procedure and an open rupture was
the result. Dr. Frizell and wife and three
nurses left on Monday night, and a new
resident physician was promptly installed.
Kyte jumped into the buggy again and
drove "at the top of the . speed of tho k*
partment horse back to ; where h e start
ed. He got there before the men and re
mained in concealment ( until they were
near enough to look into the muzzlp of
his revolver/ Kyte handcuffed his mo n
and conducted them back to the corral
. As soon as Willard Hodgkins and Kvt«
returned with their men a telephone mea
sage was sent to the City Hall, and Dav
Captain' Wilson and' several policeman
arrived promptlv with the patrol waeon
The nine men who had been captured bv
three were loaded into the wagon and
taken to the City Prison, where they eav«
the following names: ' b e
John Monroe, aged \u25a0 33: . William Stoltz
aged 19: James Courtney, aged 30- Freii
Smith, aged 24; James Sadler, J aged 21 •
Frank Caldwell, agedi28;. James McCar
thy, aged 17; ; James Murphy, aged 24-
Jesse- Allen, aged: 17.- '
The rooms' that- the men had secured
were > filled l, with the -goods that they had
stolen. Practically everything that had
been taken in ', the seven burglaries, ex
cept the* money,. and some whisky that
had been \u25a0 stolen ' \u25a0 from ' J. ' J. \u25a0 Hanlfin's
wholesale! liquor house,: was .recovered ?
The gang had started out to work Oa'k-
Three Fugitives Captured.
It seemed as if . he had dropped from
the sky, and most of the men were too
astonished to resist or run.
"I'll kill the first man that moves,"
said the Chief.
But despite this threat the three men
who had already prepared to leave con
tinued their act, but with a great deal
more activity. Two got through a broken
fence and one went through a small alley
way in another direction.
Chief Hodgkins with his revolver cov
ered the other six and announced his de
termination of killing the first man who
stirred. He had them so completely cov
ered that no one dared to take the
chances.
Meanwhile the man who had escaped
alone tried to run, but was pursued by
Willard Hodgkins. The young man was
fleet of foot and had plenty of courage
and finally overhauled his man. The fel
low started to draw a revolver, but young
Hodgkins made a jump and before the
man knew what had happened he had him
disarmed and handcuffed and was taking
him. back to the corral where the other
six were held by the Chief.
The two men made their escape toward
the railroad trestle which crosses the arm
of the estuary near the scene of the ar
rest. By the time that Kyte reached the
trestle the men were well out upon it
and headed toward East Oakland Kyte
took possession of the buggy of the Chief
of Police, . which was near there urTri
drove up to the Eighth-street bridle and
over to East Oakland. There he appear
ed at the end of the trestle toward which
the men were heading. As soon as the
men saw him they turned back toward
where they started, hoping to tret ha Air
before Kyte could again go the long dis
tance around by the Eighth-street bridee
Kyte was equal to the emergency and'
picking up a citizen whom curiosity had
brought to the scene, he stationed him
at the East Oakland end of the trP^tl^
with a revolver and Instructions to shoot
the men if they attempted to return The
men could not see whether the guard at
the end was the detective or not and a«i
none of the policemen' were in uniform
the citizen did very well. . u mrorm
It was found that some men, strangers
to Oakland and not very savory of ap
pearance, had rented a couple of rooms m
a r building in the very center of the block
bounded by fieebnd, Third, Jackson and
Madison btreetc. The rooms- were In a
building in the rear of some old barns
and small cottages, and were so hidden
as to be invisible from any street, and
extremely difficult to Jlnd.
Chief Hodgkins made his way ' over
fences and through lots' until he reached
a small court or yard behind the building
that had been rented by the gang. In
this court were nine men, who were
wholly unsuspicious .that the police were
around. Three of the men were prepar
ing to leave, by different routes. There
was no time to call for reinforcements,
for. by the time the alarm could be sound
ed some if not all of the men would be
able to get away. There was only one
thing to do and that was to move in
stantly and take the chances of three men
with nerve capturing nine men, allt of
whom were desperate and armed.
Without a moment's hesitation Chief
Hodgkins motioned to his brother, who
formed a step with his hands and with
the old athletic trick tossed him upon
the roof of a low one-story building that
overhung the court where the men were
standing. It was the work of an instant
for the Chief to get upon the roof and
of another Instant for the Chief to jump
into the midst of the gang, revolver in
hand.
Chief Hodgkins' Brave Act.
The Gang Is Located.
The boldest burglaries were committed
last night, when several places were en
tered and a Urge quantity of goods
taken. The most important of these cases
was the robbery of the residence of Her
mann Bendel, one of the members of thy
h'rm of Tlllmann & Bendel. who lives on
the jcorner of Fourth and Alice street3.
The family was away and the house was
broken into and several 'hundred dollars'
worth of jewelry and valuable dres.-i
goods taken. Trunks were broken open
and everything of value taken, while the
rest of the contents was scattered about
the room.
Sohst Bros.' carriage manufactory, on
the corner of Franklin and Eighth streets,
was entered and J75 worth of valuable
tools taken.
Dickenson's saloon, Jn West Oakland,
was broken into and two revolvers and
$8 in coin taken. , _ ' \u25a0
The house of Emery C. Thurber, at 371
Sixth street, was entered while the fam
ily was • away for the evening, and a
large quantity of goods was taken out
and piled upon the sidewalk. The thieves
were in the act of removing their plunder
when T. J. Desmond came along and the
men ran. Desmond pursued them, but
they escaped in the lumber piles of thf»
water front.
All told, there have been eight, burgla
ries in three . days, and the Police De
partment began to feel worried.
Detective Kyte was. put to work upon
the case to-day, and a little later Chief oE
Police Hodgkins, whose detective work
has been most effective and attracted at
tention to the Oakland department, tooK
his brother Willard and began to do a
little work himself. These three men met
in the lower part of the city where th«3
gang seemed to have their headquarters,
and after some hard work they discov
ered traces of the gang.
Many Burglaries • Committed.
\u25a0 Oakland Office San Francisco. Call,
111S Broadway, Oct. 29.
The most. daring, spectacular and brave
capture that has ever been made in Oak
land was this afternoon at 4 o'clock, when
Chief, of Police Hodgkins, assisted only
by Detective George Kyle and his own
brother, Wlllard Hodgkins, who Is not a
member of. the Police Department, cap
tured an entire gang of nine men who
have been burglarizing the homes of Oak
land for the last few nights. For twenty
minutes Chief of Police Hodgklns alone
held at bay six of the men. while Detec
tive Kyte chased and captured two, who
made a break to escape, and Willard
Hodgkins captured another who had got
away at the moment of the first attack.
Kyte got his two men, young. Hodgkins
got his man and these three were herd
ed Into the corral where the Chief, re
volver in hand, was .keeping the other
six cowed. The nine were then loaded
Into the patrol wagon and taken to the
City Prison, where tney are now on the
small book.
For the last few nights small burglaries
have been reported at police headquar
ters. These always occurred at nignt,
and generally in houses where the people
were away. Goods and money were ta
ken, anti it seemed as If the thieves were
willing to take almost anything that
came under their sight. \u25a0
Entire Gang of Eastern
Crooks Are Captured by
Three Brave Men.
Detains His Victim for a Day
in, His Dugout in
the Hills.
Presents Picture of Rugged
Health and is in High
Spirits.
Superintendent Claims That
Physician's Wife Was
the Cause.
Chief of Police Hodgkiris
7 Holds Six at Bay
in Corral.
Mexican Abducts Pretty
juana Campeo Near
Rincon.
Big Fighter Tireless in
the Routine of
Training.
St. Elmo Hospital Staff
Suffers a Quick ,
Shake-Up. .
HOLDS A YOUNG
GIRL PRISONER
NINE BURGLARS
CAUGHT IN TRAP
JEFFRIES' CAMP
KNOWS NO REST
DOGTOB LEAVES,
NURSES FOLLOW
OAKLAND. Oct. 29.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Joaquin R.-Amera',
35 years, Warm Springs, and Margaret
Rose, 21, Alvardo; Gelen W. Morrtll, over
21, and Clara B. Powers, :over IS, both 'of
Oakland; John-J. Nates. 19. and Aurelia
Vlerra. 20, both of Oakland; James - M
Greenough. 34. , and. Marguerite McAlplne,
24. both, of San Francisco; Wlllard S
Bishop, 21, and Sarah Carr. 21, both of
Santa Rosa; Fernand L. - Klllmann. 2o,
San . Francisco, and Florence Roberts 27
Vacaville; John L.' Koontz, , 26. Gardener'
Oregon, and Hilda F. Fritzo, 19. Oakland 1
Frank J. O'Donnell, 33, and Christine T*
Johnson, 22. both of San Diego: Carl "We;
ner. over-21, San Francisco, and -Louise
Gertrude ?Heescman, over. 18,- Oakland..
Licensed to Marry.
; ST. -PAUL,' Oct. 29.— Tha iNorthern
Pacific to-day received from thf Railway
Underwriters one of the largest insur
ance policies ever written in the? United
States. Its total was $13,400.1)00; It Is
the largest single policy ; the' company
ever gave. In , addition to the above the
company has also insured, out of its own
fund, a large amount of property, v the
total being about $6,600,000, making a to
tal Insurance just provided' of $20,000,000.
The insurance covers all property which
is destroyable by flre, and includes roll
ing stock; merchandise in transit, ware
houses, ' depot buildings, shops., round
houses, etc. Insurance on railroad . prop
erty is. considered --.a \u25a0 good risk. . conse
quently the amount paid in premiums was
comparatively low.; The Northern Pa
clflc^s insurance fund at the close of the
last fiscal- year, June 30, 1901, was $578,326,
in increase over the preceding year 'of
$52,391. .-'"
MILLIONS FIGURE <\
IN INSURANCE POLICY
The steamship Curacao arrived -from
Mexican ports yesterday with a number
of passengers and' a valuable cargo..
The S Clackmannanshire made a good
run of fifty-six days from .Newcastle,
N. S. W. She .went to the equator in
twenty-seven days, and would have made
the remainder of the journey In throo
weeks had it not been for,, light and baf
fling winds in latitude 30 degrees north,
longitude 157 degrees west.
. Captain Thompson has taken command
of the schooner C. S. Holmes, and Cap
tain Madison of . the schooner Dorii
Bluhm.. .. ." . \u25a0 .
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
meda, which will be due to-day from Hon
olulu, had the following passengers
boqked when the Gaelic sailed:
"W. D. Baldwin, G. H.' Falrchild and family,
,-J. B-. Atherton and wife,' E. -K. Carson, M. M.
O'Shaughnasy, T. M. Swanzy, and wife. H. E.
Walty, \u25a0 wife and .: maid, Mrs. Myers, Mme.
Belle Cole, J. R. Hunter and wife, Mrs. J.
Hudson, w. O. Smith, C. L. Arques. J. F.
Llbben, Raimund Pechotsch. .
Water Front Notes.
lleports the Defeat of the Boers When
Delarey and Kemp Attacked ;
the British.
KITCHENER CLAIMS
SERIES OF VICTORIES
LONDON, Oct. 29.— A dispatch ' from
Lord Kitchener dated Pretoria, October
28, says he has received reports of the
fighting October 24 near Great Marico
river, when Delarey and Kemp attacked
a British force and were only repulsed
after severe fighting, leaving forty dead
on the field, including Commandant Om
stirbeysen. The British lost twenty-eight
men killed and had fifty-five wounded.
The Boers carried off eight British
wagons. The republicans appear to have
paid special attention to the guns, as
thirty-seven gunners and drivers were
killed or wounded.
Lord Kitchener mentions a number of
minor affairs and says this week's "bag"
consisted of seventy-four Boers killed,
sixteen wounded and 353 made, prisoners.
In addition forty-five Boers surrendered
and the British captured 471 rifles, 75,950
rounds, of ammunition, 216 wagons, 530
horses and 8000 head of cattle. • ,
PRETORIA, Oct. . 29.— Commandant
Botha's recent escape from the British
columns pursuing him was a close. affair.
Major Remington marched on the com
mander in chiefs quarters at night, only
to find that Botha had got off with a few
hundred yards' start, leaving his .hat. re
volver and papers behind. Ten prisoners,
Including Commandant Hans Botha ana
former Landrost Schutte, were captured.
JUMPS FROM THE RAIL
OF A MOVING- STEAMSHIP
attle, Tries to End His
:• \u25a0 Life. \u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0:-\u25a0?.;\u25a0*-.;
D. R. Smith, a Laborer Bound for Se-
D. R. Smith, a laborer, jumped from the
deck I of the steamer , Santa" Ana shortly
after that ; vessel left the , Mission-street
wharf last evening. He was rescued by
Albert Hansen, the ship's watchman, and
brought to the, Harbor Receiving Hos
pital. \u25a0 ': ., \u25a0:<\u25a0 \u25a0"\u25a0'\u25a0'. •\u25a0/.: i'-V. ,\u25a0•.:,..
"Smith recently arrived in San Francisco
from New York. .. He ; secured work in
Seattle through an - employment t agency
and took passage : on the Santa Ana. . He
had been' drinking freely, and it is sup
posed that 1 *..- his \u25a0 intoxicated ' : condition
prompted - him "to \u25a0 jump from the deck.'
land as completely as they could. • They
are all from the East, and did not know
the town, so they worked houses and
shops . as , they found ' them. .They had
taken the-, place where they ;were cap
tured as a storehouse for the goods they
stole until they, could .. dispose of them.
A quantity of ' goods. " including some new
American bulldog pistols, " was \u25a0 recovered
for.., which: owners are: wanted. \u25a0•\u25a0•\u25a0•\u25a0
The favorite word with a woman Is the
last one.
On September 13 the Charles W. Morgan
spoke the California, with 1100 barrels,
and pn September 27 the John and Win
throp was sighted, but would not answer
signals. Both vessels will refit here an!
sail again for the northern seaa in two
months. It was the Charlea W. Morgan
that sold a lot of old firearms to the na
tives of the Marshall group, so it is safe
to say that vessel will not call at Ponape
on her way south. .
The whaling barks Charles W. Morgan
and Alice Knowles arrived from the Sea
of Okhotsk* yesterday " morning. Both
were sperm whaling and bring home but
little bone. In July last, the Morgan sent
home 3000 pounds of the valuable article,
and she brings with her 1100 barrels of
sperm and 150 barrels of whale oil, be
sides 2000 pounds of bone. The Alice
Knowles brought home 105O barrels of
sperm and 150 barrels of whale oil. She
also sent home a quantity of bone last
spring.
The First of the Whalers.
: The following additional subscriptions to
the McKlnley memorial fund were report
ed yesterday: Previously reported.. $24 -
56810: Isaias W. Hellman. $100; Swissn
American Bank, $25; California Safe De
posit and Trust Company, $50; French
Savings Bank. $23; Germanla Trust Com
pany, $25: J. Dalziel Brown. $20: Thomas
Brown, $1; total to date, $24,814 10.
McKinley Memorial Fund.
WASHINGTON, • Oct. 29.— The Post
office Department .to-day issued the fol
lowing: Postmasters Commissioned: CaU
if ornia— Eugene S. Sampson, Lay tonville;
John C. Van Matre, Minersville. Oregon
—Frank Pepiot, Vida.
These pensions were granted: • '\u25a0
'California: Original— Charles T»-Har
mon, Eureka, $8. War with Spaln^-Harry
Lickman, San Francisco, $6; Oscar Huff
man, Soldiers' Home, Los- Angeles, $30.
Increase— Charles H. Giles. Veterans'
Home, Napa;. $10; James- Bard.^.Bayles,
$12: Frederick Simmons, Sania- Cruz,- $8.
Widows— Margaret A. Powers, Oakland,
$8; Mary C. Ball, Pasadena, $30.;-
Oregon: Original— Milton G. Hoffstat
ter, North Yamhill. $6.,
Washington: Original— Andreas Steub
er, Seattle, $10. Increase— Edward Holtz
heimer, Blaine, $8; Francis M. Ellsworth,
Spokane, $17; John Hagler, Whatcom, $8;
James H. Hoffman, Bee, $8; Samuel D.
Silver, Seattle, $8.
The following patents were granted to
day: California— Thomas Ainsworth.
Pleasanton, animal trap; John D. Barrie,
Los Angeles, T square; Robert H. Botts,
Richmond, steam engine: Albert C. Cal
kins, assignor to F. W. Braun, Los An
geles, coronet rolls; Archie O. Hayes, Los
Angeles, assignor to E. C. Hemphill, and
T A. Soper, Chicago, punching attach
ment for printing presses; Ernest Thra
henbul, San Rafael, power generator for
telephones; James Longshore Jr., Sacra
mento, trunk; Joseph E. Smythe, Pasa
dena, signature gatherer; John B. Tup
per. assignor one-half to B. B. Horr, San
Francisco, automatic wrench; Melville C.
Wilkinson, Los Angeles, device for con
trolling use of compressed air; Francis
Winne, Colusa, adjustable window shade
fixture; George L. Wood worth, Stanford
University, lavatory or bath. \ -\u25a0\u25a0
Oregon — Gordon L. Schermernorn, Med
ford, combined thill coupling and anti
rattler* Elisha L. Weed, assignor one-half
to I. B. Sturgis, Baker City, automatic
James H. Beatty, Puyal
lup, combined milking stool and--pail
holder; William F. M. Ricketts, Pullman,
coin controlled apparatus; Barnet M.
Whiting, Spokane, weather strip. . ..
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and Pensions and Patents /
• . Granted.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
The. robber is 'supposed, to be the on©
who has- operated in that locality for
some months. About two months ago
Sheridan Smith, a wealthy rancher o.
Bolinas. was held up at Fairfax and at
the muzzle of a revolver in the hands of
a masked robber was compelled to part"
with all his money and valuables. From
time to time Italian and Portuguese
workmen traveling through that locality
at night have been robbed. Every effort
to effect the capture of the thief has bo
far been unsuccessful.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 29.— The mysterious
robber of Fairfax has been at work
again. Last night the house of Manuel
King, a rancher living at the foot- off
Whites Hill, was broken into and' more
than $800 stolen. The robber also helped
himself to a rifle, two revolvers and a bi
cycle. So skillfully was the affair carried
put .that none, of the family were dis
turbed, v Entrance was effected through
the kitchen door, the lock of which was
bored out.
Prowler Carries Off Much Loot From
the Home of Rancher
King.
MYSTEBIOUS ROBBER
AT WOBX AT FAIRFAX
Among those in the cabin were Mrs.
Ho Yow, wife of the Chinese Consul here,
and Mrs. Wu Ting Fang, wife of the Chi
nese Minister at Washington. Consul Ho
Yow was down to meet them, and they
were immediately taken to 'the Chinese
consulate. ... .
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Gaelic arrived from the Orient
yesterday. She brought. over forty-four
cabin passengers, seven . Europeans and
one Japanese in the second cabin and ten
Japanese and 16S Chinese in t£e steerage.
Those who came over in the cabin were:
Miss A. P. Ballagh, C. PV Bertholf, torn
.Chok Chan, Frank H. Dixon, Lieutenant C.
Flefel (I. G. A.), C. II. Hand, Ho Wlngslu.
Rev. George Hudson, Mrs. George Hudson and
four children, Harris G. Hudson, W. S. New
bery. Miss Clara Rose, Lieutenant C. Siebel
(I..G. A.),..Captala. J. Sarpier.(F. A.),. Lieu
tenant K. Strauss (I. G. A.), G. Thomas, A.
G. Wood, MIss^Wu Su Chlng. C. W. Barnaby;
L. C. Bramkamp, "WV Coblltz, F. E. Fernald;
Mrs. Hugh Ross, U." Hashimoto, Mrs. Ho Yow
and two servants. Miss Ho Ah Chee, Baron
von Lerchenfeld, R. Makoshi,- Lieutenant "W.
Oslander (I. G. A.), Alexander Salmon. Chan
Chun Sin, Rev. C. H. Stalker, D. ' S. Stevens,
Mrs. E. .T. ! Williams and child and Mrs. Wu
Ting Fang and two servants. * '
Arrival of the Gaelic.
The lumber schooner Rio Rey will not
go to sea for some time. A few days ago
she arrived with a full cargo and after
discharging it at Channel ' street started
away again yesterday. While beating
her way down .the bay with a strong ebb
tide she ran Jnto the British General. The
captain of the schooner made sure : he
would clear the Britisher, but the tide
was too strong for him and the collision
fAlowed. As usual the iron vessel suffer
ed but little, while the Rio Rey had her
sails torn to shreds, her topmasts carried
away and her fore and main \ masts
sprung. The tug Milton separated < the
vessels and took the Rio Rey ba'ck to the
Mission mudflats. '- \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0' \u25a0'
The steam schooner National City,
which started for Fort Bragg Monday
night, put back again' yesterday morn
ing. The. mate got his foot crushed in
the steam winch and he was brought
home for medical treatment.
The bark Edmund Rostand bad a nar
row escape from going on the Marin shore
and bad. it not been for the skill of Pilot
A. Swansen there might have been an ac
cident. "Aleck" managed to work her out
of Raccoon Straits and in that way final
ly got her to an anchorage off Alcatraz.
The Gaelic brings the news of ati acci
dent to the American ship Marion Chil
cott at Hilo. She was run into by a scow
and .a hole "stove in her , side five feet
above the water line. She will have tem
porary repairs made and then come here
for an overhauling.
The steamer Ruth, with the schooner S..
Danielson in tow, left here on the 27th
inst. for one of the near' by lumber ports.
They have not been heard from and the
chances are that the norther has delayed
them.
Rio Key in Trouble.
Nothing good at all has come from the In
dustrial exploitation of China. If its- na
tional life comes now It will come to meet
foreigners in self-defense against such atroci
ties as occurred a year ago. China was on th»
way to reform when undue haste of exploiting
capital naturally alarmed the Chines*
mind and made it hostile toward western
movements. The Chinese 'are less ready than
ever to assume our higher civilization because
of what they have experienced in the past two
years. . , -
The Industrial movement is In some respect*
a more efficient method of approaching older
civilizations than is any other. When oMer
civilisations are brousht Into contact with
western ideas and Inventions and see their ad
vantages they are very ready to adopt .them,
so the Industrial cause la more effective than
are -missionaries in opening up the Interior
of Oriental nations. The main avenue of ap
proaching: them will, be through the demand for
modern conveniences. Capitalists, moreover,
try to extort as much as possible from tiip
natives when making their Investments and
thus hamper the cause. The Dutch are ex
ceedingly careful Jn watching out for this
problem, practically not allowing natives to
sell their lands to corporations, and so forc
ing , would-be -investors to seek unoccupied
lands. It can readily be seen that Industrial
expansion, if rishtly understood and carried
out, , may enrich the country by developing.un
occupied land.
. The trouble in China was due to the fact
that we had passed from commercial to indus
trial exDanalon— to the fact that we did not
stop at China's shores, but went into the in
terior and asserted rights over her territory.
One method of the European powers was to get
concessions from the Government for the build
ing of railways.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 29.—
Dr. Paul S. Reinsch of the University of
Wisconsin delivered bis second lecture on
"World Polities" in the university to-day,
speaking on "The Opening of China." Ha
said in part: -\u25a0
There has been lately a revolution in Euro
pean industrial life not less Important than
that at the beginning of the nineteenth cen
tury, when the whole policy of Knarland wan
directed toward obtaining free trade through
out tha world. The foreign investments or a
country like England are at present questions
of great importance, for the interest of the
people la directed toward places where th*
national capital can be safely Invested. T_«
first requirement of the placing of caDttal is
security. Let us look at the changes brought
about by this capitalistic revolution.
In early times there was no penetration of
the Interior of countries In our commercial ac
tivity—we simply went to their shores, to their
harbors. But things have changed. Our pres
ent movement is in constructing inland rail
roads, exploiting mines, building sugar fac
tories and the like. On this account you must
know t-at your investments are golnc to be
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"All the correspondents noted the ex
traordinary difference in the aspect' and
manners of the people here and across
the border. We appeared to have sud
denly got out of a region of wholesome,
fresh complexioned people into a land of
a meager, pallid race like one sees t in
some of our manufacturing cities, an ac
tive, brisk people, lacking the courteous
manners of Canadians. To some of the
young French - Canadians of our party
this was their first experience in the
United States, and. they recrossed the
frontier more downright in their expres
sions of loyalty to Great Britain than
they had ever been before^'
LONDON, Oct. 29.— Most elaborate plans
have been made for the reception of the
Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York
at Portsmouth and London.
. It is not generally felt that the tour of
the . Duke and Duchess has been a suc
cess, as, on the whole, comparatively lit
tle interest has been taken in it, the war
and other events having completely'over
shadowed Jthe royal journey. The offi
cials, however' are determined that it
ehall end in a blaze of glory.
At Portsmouth an effective naval dis
play has been arranged. . Fifteen battle
ships aiyi cruisers will sail to-morrow -to
meet the royal yacht Ophlr and* escort
her to Portsmouth. Other, ships will join
in the reception, and Friday, evening, the
whole fleet in the harbor will be illumi
nated. King Edward and Queen Alexan
dra, with the children of the Duke and
Duchess of Cornwall and York, and other
members of the royal family, on board
the Albert and Victoria, accompanied by
a flotilla of smaller royal yachts, will
meet the Ophlr in the channel Friday and
escort her into the harbor. .
The royal party^will take train Saturday
and reach London at 1 o'clock in the af
ternoon. Here 1000 troops will keep the
streets clear for the procession from Vic
toria station, by way of Constitution. Pic
cadilly and St. James streets, to Marl
borough House. All traffic on the-Lon
don and Brighton road will be suspended
between the time of the departure and ar
rival of the royal train. . ' '
.Newspaper correspondents who ..were
with the Duke and Duchess" party con
tribute some remarkable letters to their
papers here, highly appreciative of Can
ada, but they do not like the glimpse
they got of the United States. Thus iho
Morning Post correspondent writes:
"Some of us went to. Buffalo to see the
exposition, which was disappointing.
Buffalo is a slovenly if prosperous city,
in contrast with the handsome Canadian
cities we recently visited." .
, \u25a0William McAfee, residing at S26,Green
wich street, yesterday reported the disap
pearance of his brother, Harry McAfee,
to the Morgue officials. . The circum
stances attending the disappearance leil
to the belief that the man was either
drowned or shanghaied. ,
. The missing McAfee resides in the inte
rior of the State and was in the city on
a visit to his brother. % Thursday night h«
went to spend the night with some
friends on the schooner Bonlta. Shortly
after midnight he bade the party good
night and was shown to a berth. Noth
ing more has been seen of him by hi_
relatives, but his hat was found on the
deck the morning following.
' McAfee's relatives waited until last
night for him to return, then notified the
Morgue officials. The deputies think thi
man may have fallen overboard anJ
drowned, or that he may have been taken
by force and placed on board some ship
going out to sea. * The police will be asked
to assist in the search for the missing
man.
Battleships of the Empire to
Meet and Escort the
Ophir.
Undue Haste in. Exploitation
Arouses Antagonism of
Orientals.
Only Trace of Missing Man
Is His Hat, Pound on
. Eonita's Deck.
Dr. Reinsch Blames the
Rapacity of Foreign
Capital.
Queer Disappearance of
Harry McAfee From
a Schooner.
Great Prep ar ation s for
Reception of Ed
ward's Son.
BOXER OUTBREAK
CHINA'S SETBACK
ROYAL WELCOME
AWAITING HIM
EITHER DEAO
OR SHANGHAIED
THE SlN FRANCISCO; CALL, WEDMSDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1901.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"""""•'" i r~~~" w — -~ *—--\u25a0; »~~— ~~~~ ~~— ~«. \u25a0
makes a food that
is like mother's
milk.
Babies worth looking at in our book,
"Mel/in* s Food Babies" Free. .
1 Mellto** Food Co., Boston. Mass.
_____ ~ »
uUKt
Nearly everybody seems to be talcing Prof. Mun.
yen's » old i'nrn whenever a cold appears. It
relieves the head, nose, throat and lungs so quickly
that a cold need no longer be a forenraner of srippc,
diphtheria or. pneumonia. A vial of the Cold Cure '
is like a life insurance policy. Every one of his
remedies is as sure. Mostly 35c vial. Guide to
Health free. Mnnvon. New Ynrlr and Philadelphia. '
MUSTOX'S IMUXEB CUBES __TA__J_.
®V1M, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty,
years by tbe leaders of tb«
Mormon Church and . their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases In old and young
. arising from effects of self"
j j . abuse.dlsstpation. excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lose
Manhood. Impotency. Loji
Power. Night Lewes, Insom-
nia. Palna In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. /— _*-_ Varlcocele or Con-
Bti-atlon.StOD Ner *~fc fJ vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are £Z,~Zm Immediate. im-
part visor a.nd pote CENTS ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at nana.
Restore small, undeveloped, organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers: 50c a box: « for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with '« boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Eltls st..
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 33
and 40 Third St. " - ' .
Weak Men and Women,
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican > remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, .223 Market.
_____.* "*. • '
| Ceread
f Fruit V
\Grains^/
A Perfect Food Drink
The beverage mad- from RgpniDC
Cere_! is smooth, palatable and
nutritious. Because of the largo
jfercentage of natural saccharine mat-
iki" In figs and prunes, Figprune
requires less sugar than any other
cereal coffee. g&- AH Grocen Sell IUTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1901.
12
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
unui 12 o'clock every night In the year.
ERAps'CII OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. xn.
\u25a0 8)0^ Hayes rtreet; opeD until 9:30 p. m.
f 19 McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
S15 Larkin street; open until s:30 p. m.
1)41 Mission Etreet; cpen until 10 p. m.
2161 Market street, corner sixteenth; open
tmtll » p. m.
136 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia st; open until Sp.nL
Korthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets ; open until 9 p. ra.
iroo Fillmore trtreet: open until 8 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES^
MOUNT MORIA^LoSTno, 44, F. and •
A. M.— Called mestlns THIS (WED- -J\-
KESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. T&jt
Etecond decree. / ~ '
THEO. FROLICH. Sec
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. m
11.— D. 1 and 2 THIS Oct SO. at 7 p. _JV_
m. Eiiarp. By order of the \V. M. jC3v
\u25a0 H. IX>RTRIEDE. Sec /Vi
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 1G6. F. and A- rt
M.-Second Degree THIS (WEDNES-^JV-
UAY) EVENING. October 20, at 7:39 > GrX
a' clock. H. J. OWEN. Secretary. /V>
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— m
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING, at 7:20 o'clock. Third de-
rree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary, /^r'
FIDELITY Lodcre No. 120, F. and A. \u25a0 m
M.— Funeral notice: Officers and mam- _J*
bers are requested to assemble at Mb.-"5e5C
eonic Temsla on THURSDAY, the Sltt/Vi
ins t_. at 3:30 a. xn.. for the purpose of
conducting the fune.riJ ceremonies of onr late
brother. MOSES BEUML, late of Woodbridge
ZroCge No. 131. Woodbridee. thenoe to Home
of Peace Cemetery. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK' BARRY. Secretary.
iaSSIOX Charter No. 155. Order Kant-
*rn Star — Oxticors and members are Atigt,
hereby notified to assemble at Mis- m
fcion Masonic TemDle, 266S Mission Et. \u25a0 .
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY), at 1:30 p. m..
lor the rmrpesi of conducting the funeral
services of our late sister. Past Matron VIR-
GINIA FISCHER. By order of the W. M.
MARY G. FOSTER. Secretary.
MORSE Lodge Xa 257/1. O. O. F.—
Initiation TH1.« (WEDNESDAY) r j3!S?
EVENING, October 3a A full
attendance requested. Visitors -VilBW-
cordially invited. - . /\u25a0••:.
J. H. BRAMSTEDT, N. O.
C. BRIN'D. Kec Sec.
NATIONAL CNION. Call- tvdCTKag ' *V~
forcia Council, meets Vv^35-t ; S22vSS | fc k
TO-NIGHT at Pioneer «6L
Hall. Fourth street, at .vTt*
t o'clock (in its new hall). Visiting friends
cordially invited. By order •
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
VALLE? Lodge No. 30. A. O. U. W.. \W&>
instituted April 24. 18T8. meets THIS ti****
• WEDNESDAY) EVENING at S K^
o'clock. In Pioneer Hall. 24 Fourth CsSK^
et All members of the order are cordially
invited to attend. F. W.'HABRIS, M. W.
THOS. H. LORD. Recorder. .:;
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by . the hydraulic
process from N. Oilman, in * the . American
House Mine, at the American House, Plumas
Co., to deposit tailings in a ra\-ine below the
mine: from James A. Modglin. in the Old
Gardiner's Point Diggings, near Port Wine,
Sierra Co., to deposit tailings In Saw Mill
Ravine: from the California Company, .in \u25a0 the
North Hill Placer Mine, near Milton, Cala-
veras Co., to deposit tailings in Rich Gulch,
and from L. V. Tefft, in the Lone Star Mine,
near Crcmberg, Plumas Co., to deposit taU-
' Ings in Jackson Creek, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59. Flood build-
ing. San Francisco. Cal.. on November U.
l°Cl. at 1:SO p. m. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.-\u25a0 '-\u25a0: \u25a0- \u25a0 -
AGEXTS\VA\TI5I>.
AGENTS WANTED— Our great set of Christ-
mas books now ready. Best and newest books
for children. Colored pictures. Lowest prices.
Best sellers ever known. Agents selling from
32 to 25 bocks a da-. Also life William Mc-
Kinley and Complete Story of His Assassina-
tion, including- Lives of Lincoln and Garfield
and Stories of their Assassination. About SCO
extra large pages. Biggest, best book. Superb-
ly illuFtroted. Lowest price. Hcndsome and
valu?.bie premium. 75 per cent to agents. One
book free with each ten ordered. Freight paid. ',
Credit civen. No experience necessary. Outfit
free. Sell ihe best book. Moke • the most
money. We give tfcs most, liberal treatment.
All orders Ehipi>ed day they arc received. We
own the largest binderies and "are* the enly
publishers shipping books promptly. HENRY
NEIL. T23 IVarborn .-t.. Chicago. III.
adoptiox. ;:
tUATF.RVlTY Villa— Good homes for healthy fa*
r»ntg. •Pr. Ktt-j'H'p Fur.Rg.H16 fth -Ft.*-. >)aTp.<v<-\.
ASriIALTl ; 51 ROOFIXG.
J PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
\u25a0relred: portal. US6 Mlfsion: tel. Kolsom 2477.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF ROUFfEAU. astrolcgist;. complete life
readinir. Sf-c: by J-nail. 5ftc. . 1163 Market st.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
FREE ndvicc— J. M. VERDESAL. attorney. 314
Montgomery ?t- — Divorces, .private; fees low;
probatlzg-; ljankruptcy; collections; suits;
titles penected; documents drawn; mortgages;
property bcuslit: money loaned; insurance 30c
on J100. P. B. TRAVERS. evenings. 41SM: Post.
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy; col-
lections; attachments; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships; deeds; willr drawn ;:ees low; open
eve's. THURSTON. lOOS^j Mkt, r. 4. opp. 6th.
ADVICE fre* — Divorces a specialty: quick;
quiet; no change without success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc., prepared: charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE, 850 Market st
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agrency. rlxth
floor. il6 Market — Legal business of all kinds
solicited; advice free; able bouy of attorneys.
ADVICE free; moderate fee if successful: office
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT. 227 Market.
ADVICE free: no charpe unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. i27 Market fct, opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Sprecktls bldg., S27 Mar-
ket st; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exclianse,
GOOD eecend-hand bicycles for sale, 15 up;
send lor bargain list. LEAVITT &. BILL,
SOS Larkin st. * * \u25a0- - . . ..\u25a0 ': - * :
ROAUDIXG * KOIl CHILDREN.
WANTED— Home for boy 20 months old. Ap-
ply MRS. CKOGHAX. 3C29 Twenty-second st.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. 1607 California st
1JOOKS — \K\V AM) OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES HOOK CO., TU4-706-70S Mission st
UlHli.Vi; TKUMCS.
TE.UJC1CS of every description at bedrock
prices. -Factory and Ealesroom, £2t> Howard.
UliSUb'KSS CHAXCIiS.
A— UZO; SALOON, living rootnsT'cheap rent;
BuirounccHi by warenoutes; opposite freight
aepot. i_ail k. Ki. WiLiLks, 2(>« Kearny si.
A— tiOO— CIGAR store; wholesale district; splen"-
cid chance lor laay or gentleman. It. G.
_\V1LKE, 26>i Kearny Bt.
I-1W-CORNER grocery and bar; living rooms;
chea^ rent; best part of the Mission; see and
make an offer, ti. U. WILKE. ZCfc Kearny.
A— $16ut— CoriNEK grocery and bar. doinjF^.
large cash business; 6plendid bar trade; rent
t&; s-k-kiuss of wife only cause of sale. See
_R._G_ : _VV1_LKE ; J6V^ Kearny st.
A— 11250— UAKERY and restaurant; established
for yiars; dotag a tlrst-class paying business
Cah K. U. WILKE. 2CVfe Kearny stf Pusmess -
A-$:OO-DELlCACY~and perk store, with 3
living rooms; rent J14; business established
years and clearing above $100 per month. Call
K. O. WILKE. 2i,\i Kearay et.
A-4100C-LIQUOR store on Market st; estab-
lishcd many years, doing a good paying busi-
ness: Investigate and you will find a splendid
olTcr. K. G. WILKE. 2SV4 Kearny.
A— J350— COFFEE taloon and restaurant on
Fourth Et., near Market; rent S30; place does
a good paying business. Call R. G. WILKE
26% Ktaruy ft
CltOCEHY and bar in the Mission JOSO
Grocery, notion and stationery store... 250
Grocery; enau; Invoice J700; must go 350
Grocery, delicacy, branch bakery: rent $25 323
Notion, stationery, candy, bakery: rent S15 250
General ttare, up country; SOc on dollar.. 4500
If you want a snao we have them.
DECK & CO.. 827 Market St.. room 208.
MAN with $300 in of flee business; experience
not necessary. DECK. 927 Market et., rm. 208.
$3CA_PARTNER wanted in light business; sat-
isfied with $20 a week: no exDsrlence re-
quired; trial riven. 93a Market St., room 14.
GROCERY and bar. 3 living rooms; bears full
Investigation. Call at S33 Market, room 14.
CIGAR store, very good corner, at a bargain"
Call at er; Market St.. room 14.
A— J3T*; Beautiful Market-st cisar stand eacri-
flced. Ask HEDGES. 461 and 462 Parrott big.
A— CIGAR ttand: 30 to select from; $100 to {1200.
Ask ChxL. HEDGES. 4G1-462. Parrott building.
A— DELICACY Btore in first-class running or-
<ier: crap. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market
I2CC— PARTNER; commision business; clears $73
month to each. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny.
SPIRITUALISM— Continued. •_
BROCK WAT'S psychic seance. Sunday. Tues-
day. Thursday 8:15 p. m. : 25c; readings dally.
.299 Hyde, cor. Eddy, phone Hyde 2564. - '
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night. lOo.
HARMACHEIS read this week only 50c; con-
vlnclng test clr. every eve.. 10c. 332 O'Farrell.-
CLAIRVO YAXTS.
MME. mTbERNARD.
THE FAMOUS .
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, give3 an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them.. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN CLAIRVOYANT.
'A HIGH PSYCHIST.
' The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail ; permanently
located at 125 Turk st ; -readings by mail.
MME. AENDT.the great clairvoyant, tells past,
. future; never falls: has the greatest Egyptian.
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215VJ Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 60c,
. gents II; palm, and clalr. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
Miss M.Wille,326A Ellist st, greatest of all crys-
tal seers; reads your life correctly; full names
given; sittings, 50c up; 3 questions by mall $1.
Princess Ishmael. clairvoyant, ~ 1008% Market,
from Alohobar; 1st appearance; read life with-
out ques.; hrs. 9 a. m.-9 p. m.; Sun. till 2 p.m.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c, gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
CARD reading; ladies 10c. gentlemen 25c. 625
Minna st, downstairs.
MRS. DR. VALEEN, clairvoyant, palmist, givos
names; advice all matters. 1583 Market, nr. 12.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st, nr. 1th.
MRS. MELVILL, <ifell known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44S^ Jessie f... bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET UEATIXG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
MODERN. Co.: steam cleaning. Sc; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beatinz Works— Cleaning,
3c; renovated; relald. 105 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
. reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior. Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 128.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr.. 28-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL.vCarpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth Rt. : tel. Mission 74.
i . cmnoro joists.
BUNIONS, cornf, ingrown nails; painless cure.
vDR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny st. room 307.
CORNS, bunions,. Ingrown nails removed with-
out pain. Dr. E. Mcnor. 6 Eddy st. , room 105.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
G EORG~E~w7lCELL^rA^ncy^No HhargT~un^
less successful. Room 310, S27 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
£5. 91S Market. Advice ftve: tel. RM n?ll.
DEXTISTS .'
A-UfC "iV S. rnGGINS, 327~ Market" street.
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry: pure gold filling $150:
artificial teeth, on . plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good- metal plate. $15;
gold and porcelain crowns, $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 803 Mar-
ket et., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have youfextractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
i flee hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
: wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
' experience; no students: advice free: prices !
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 OFarrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
f.Pc: plates. $5. full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlor3, 24 Sixth,
AMALGAM fillings. $1; silver fillings, SOc; gold
or porcelain crowns. $5; set of teeth. $7;
teeth extracted painlessly. New York Den-
tists. 9C9 Mission st.. southeast corner Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy fit.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.-. j
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
SET. of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st. ' I
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Gear}', nr. Larkiiv^-Paln-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bide.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES. \u25a0"
PACIFIC Detective Agency, room 610 t Exam-
' iner building: telephone - John 381; reliable
work and ellicient tervlcp guaranteed.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Goldt-n Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS A.\D SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking &. Millinery School—
. ' Class rates; patterns ' cut. 1019 Market st
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. \VM.
:. PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor /i Moffatt.
.El J L CATiON AL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NKKK1NU — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and • shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. i4 Post Bt, S. \u25a0 F. ;
. catalogue tree.
AYRES/ Leading Business College, 723 Market —
$S per month; $30 llle scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, . typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
!• new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL 'OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The official reporters of the SupremeCourt ad-
vise their 1 riends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MAHSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following?. Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; reierences. President Jordan or any
! Stanlord professor. Pheian building.
j CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
; modern methods; positions for all graduates;
\u25a0 new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILL13R~ CoIlege^Shorthand."" typ-
, Ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
1 rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
I ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
' ers Is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. . San Fran-
clsco Business College, 1236 Market st.
Leo Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary st;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.-
ENGLISH, Latin, Mathematics. Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON, 776 O'Farrell st.
SPANISH, French.etc.Prof.DeFiilppe'sAcademy
of Languages, 320 Post: estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
Chicago Business College. 1433 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar'
lessons. SOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
, pared for the stage. \u25a0 125 Mason st. . . •
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'"s DAY and
J ILLUSTRATION— night class/ - 424 Pine gt.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S F. •
founded 1863; new SO-page . catalogue ; free. , y '
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing I
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
HELP* WASTED MALE Cos. T
BARBER, first class, to take half Interest free <
in a good shop. 703 Fourth st, San Rafael,,
Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
- runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to j2 per week.
MEN' to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free.. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st '
COAT, vest aud pants makers wanted, apply
11 a m. Stevenson st entrance. CHARLES
LYONS.* London Tailor. 721 Market st. v
BOY wanted. 341 Hayes st.
A COAT maker for the country. Apply REIS3
BROS.. 24 Sutter st '
WANTED— Iron molders and machinists, at
505 Mission st. -
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second.
hand shoes for sale; SOc up. 241 Third st.
"WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st. '
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 663 Mission st.. bet 1st and 3d sts.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber CoUege. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty. B. A. Bullls. r. 40, Pheian
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night; readin* rooms; £re» •
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* •od'v
subscriptions has been established at 1096 I
Valencia st. \u25a0
CLASSIFIED advertisements and snbacriptlOM
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
HORSES AMD VVAGOXS.
FOR Sale— Team of horses, harness asd bakery
wagon, formerly owned by Vienna bakery;
will be sold for the amount of board due,
$135. Apply Bay City Stables. 1715 Sacramento.
A HUNDRED head of well broke German
. army horses, suitable for all business pur-
poses. Just arrived. JOHN H. HALTON. at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard. 1732- Market st.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sal*
Wednesday. October 23. at 11 a. m., at th«
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
ONE 1-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon,
one gurney: all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth St.
WANTED— Horse, buggy and harness for
board and care; good care given. Address
C. H. P.. 311 Fulton st.
FOR sale — Good, strong wagon horse; works .
single, double or In saddle. 1633 E21l» st.
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hands: sound, gentle. E. S.. 721. Howard st.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horsea. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry. 1
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. .EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light . ,
camping wagon for sale, cheap. K32 Mlsslon.'^f
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly f
Call, 16 pases, sent to any address In the
• United States or Canada one year for $1.
' : -'_ r ;_^ j ;; HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at ST.
ELMO HOSPITAL. 230 Douglass St.. 8. F.
: HOUSES TO VET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for dr-
1 cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET— FEnXISHEP.
$100^-MAGNIFICENT 10-room newly furnished
- home for rent; all improvements; electric
lights; furnace; two bathrooms, etc.; Presi-
dio Heights; marine view. Box 1607. Call.
CLAYr~3710— Furnished house of 8 rooms and
' bath; billiard table and Stelnway grand
; •'\u25a0 piano; marine view; rent $70 per month.
LOST AXD FOUSD.
LOST — On Sunday last, gold headed cane, com-
bination of different woods, with owner's
name engraved. Reward will be paid for Its
_restoration to CHARLES S. TRUE, 36 Ea3t st.
LOST — A foxterrier bitch, yellow head and ears,
black spot over tail. Return to 814 Page st
and receive reward.
LOST — Oil Monday. October 21, one dress pat-
tern *of black silk; liberal reward. Return to
MISS CALLAHAN. 330 O'Farrell st
MONDAY— Small gold watch, long chain at- -i
- tached; marked- In case "Ira to Emily." Re- I
turn to 639 Ellis . st. and . receive reward.
LOST— Silver locket, initialed G. M. C. con- 6
: tai»ing 2 photos. Return 1144 O'Farrell; rewrd.
LOST— 2 foxterriers; brown and white. Return
to 731 Seventh ave. and receive reward.
LOST— Black and tan. Please return to 14%
Moss st; reward.
LOST— Yellow and white female puppy on
Fourth st. Return to 253 Minna. St.; reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society ' of San Francisco, in the
name of ARAIIN B. LEUPOLD; No. 203-197.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — On Folsom street car, S. F., 8 p. m.
Sunday, telescope containing purse ami
ladies' apparel. Return to 272 Thirteenth st,
Oakland; reward.
LOST— Scotch collie dosr. Return to 2326 Fol-
som st, and receive reward. •
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the-
name of FRANK M. GLOSEMETER; No.
256- 2S4. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of MRS. LAURA ELLA BAILEY: No.
92.791. The finder will please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing, tl per year.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol- 1
stery; Al caroet cleaning; honest work guar- .^W
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell «t.: f
tel. Bush 421.
MIXES AXD MIXING.
MONTEZUMA MINING COMPANTTS r *'* '
FINANCIAL REPORT.
TACOMA. September L 1ML
RECEIPTS.
Shares sold for cash ' $42,256 9»
Shares sold on contract $63,033 10
Payments on contracts 13,123 07 13,123 07
Bal. due on. stock contracts.. $49,915 03
Coal sales for cash .,....'. 2,500 00
\u25a0 Total cash receipts $57.8S0 04
EXPENDITURES.
Tacoma Copper Mine $5,473 83
Chicago Group Copper Mines. 2CO 00
Blue Star Group Copper Mines 724 74
Nigger Claim Copper Mine... 2,000 00
Coal Lands 2,178 04
Live Stock 45 00
Coal Mine 16.267 90
Mor.tezumpa Townsite ." 339 04
Expense 7,33103
Cash on hnad 22! 510 43
Current accounts outstanding. . n> 59
$57.999 65 $57.939 65
ASSETS. "
Investment In mineral claims $8,403 09
Investment in Coal Lands.... 2.178 04
Investment In Live Stock 45 00
Investment in Coal Mine, half
cost 16,267 90
Investment In Townsite. hair • s
cost 339 01. »
Due on contracts for stock.... 49,913 01 %
Cash ....; 22.510 43 /
$39,853 S3
T.T A BTLri-.m.S.
\u25a0 Current -Accounts * 119 53
\u25a0 . • 1 - .— •—- -
Net assets at actual cost $39,333-3*
THEO SHENKENBERO.
Secretary and Treasurer.
I The 2000 acres of coal lands alone, with, the
I _
i development work done, are worth almost a
million dollars, and are growing more valu-
able every day. The coal body is enormous,
and the quality unequaled.
: The second dividend will soon be declared.
• Last offer of shares at present prices— 25c
cash or 2Sc on installments. You have watched
this stock advance steadily; you will see It
go soon to par value. 'It is now the best in-
vestment stock on the coast Maps, photo-
graphs and reports for Interested persons. Call
or write.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST
Fiscal Agents. fc
323 Montgomery st..- San Francisco. Cal. VJ*^
MILLIXEKY. ~
STRIKING original designs, becoming effects.
new or eld material. M. Oliver. 07SA Geary.
FOR sale— The old established rrocery busi-
ness with bar attached at the SE. corner of
Ellis and Polk sts.. No. 745 Ellis St.; busi-
ness established twenty-five years.
Also the well-known saloon and eating-
house at the NE. corner of Twentieth and
Illinois sts.. Potrero, one block from Union
Iron Works.
Sale la caused by death of one partner and
departure of the other nartner.
1 • Terms cash. Bids may be made for either
place separately, or for both places together,
and left with WILLIAM P. HUMPHREYS.
No. 401 California st-, room 20, on -or before
November 6, 1901, Bids subject to objection.
ROOMING and boarding houses, hotels, flats,
stores and business places of every description
sold and exchanged. McBRIDE & CO., 993
Market St.; phene Folsom 450.
A— J350; RESTAURANT; good location; well
fitted up and paying; must be sold at once.
Pacific Business Exchange, 765 Market st
$200— RESTAURANT; chance to get -bargain;
part down; good location. DONALD McRAE.
S37 Mission st. . •
A FINE business, not selling but giving away;
call and see. FISHER & CO., 335 Market st;
phone Folsom 1592. •
FOR SALE: — A good saloon on Market st. ;. on
account of death trill be sold at a bargain; no
agents. McLEOD & HATJE, 515 Market st.
PARTNER with $1000 to take half interest In
first-class restaurant with flne business. Ap-
ply €32 Market St., room 23.
SALOON; best transient corner in the heart of
city; very flne trade; celling account of other
business; only $1500. Box 1600, Call office.
GOOD paying restaurant for sale; 32 years in
same place: account sickness. 207 Third st.
$1000— PARTNER wanted in dyeing and laundry
business. 1421 Point Lobos ave. .
FOR sale — Cheap established saloon; good busi-
ness; first-class place. 12 Jackson Et. . .
RESTAURANT. 410 Kearny. for half its value
to-day. .
SPLENDID business opportunity with' small
capital. Box 1598. Call office.
FOR sale — Restaurant; seats 96; receipts $30 to
$45 day; fixtures cost $500; pried, all for $200
to spot cash party; no agents. Apply to H.
A. SMITH, sixth floor of Smith's Cash Store,
25 Market St., San Francisco. • /
FOR exchange — A fullrricrged topmast schooner,
A No. 1; now earning $200 net per month; af-
; ways In demand. .Address R. W., postofflce
; box 364. Alameda.
FOR sale— One of the best transient corner sa-
loons in city; established 20 years; with 44
; newly furnished rooms; will sell together or
separate; price $6000. Box 14GS. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS saloon with grocery; on account
of death. Inquire at 1697 Folsom st. . ,
COAL and wood yard for sale. Apply 623
Haight st - . ; '.
$250— RESTAURANT; cost $1000; rent $30; souft
value. D.^McRae Furniture Co., 837 Mission.
$40— RESTAURANT and coffee saloon to-day;
secure it Apply furniture store. S37 Mission.
LODGI.\G-HOUSKS COR SALE.
ALL i BAR^aIn^C^jSTfOrIuSt] : '.:
1 S rooms; on Mission $ 275
9 rooms; flne corner 325
24 rooms; the best 3000
12 rooms; large yard 1500
40 rooms; boarding 4500
17 rooms; fine corner 1350
60 rooms: apartment house 4200
7-room flat 011 McAllister st 223
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard 350
10-rcom house; fine location .V 425
24 rooms; on Geary st '. 1900
I 100 rooms; clears $350; payments to cult... 6000
16 rooms; transient: only $400 cash 750
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 250
IS -rooms; en Sixth st.; clears $80 800
24 rooms; on Market st; clears $150 1600
lO'rocms; on -Mason st.; new 750
32 -rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $800 cash, balance payments.... 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH KVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKEK. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
Al TRANSIENT HOUSED
Good corner; money maker for right party; ;
don't fait to see this bargain; easy payments.
RETSLOFF, -Oo Market st V
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
. Any of the tollowlng on monthly payments:
. 11 rooms on Kills; a bargain ..: $325
17 rooms; {250 can remain; clears $S5...... 500
33 rooms; grand transient location 350O
25 rooms; t-.uud location; clears $150 1200
20 rooms; best in the city......,..;. 2300
13 rooms; liar furniture .'. 1050
21 rooms; corner; part cash 1500
26 rooms; piano; dears }tM; payments 490
Si rooms; trai.d corner; clears $600 5950
42 rooms; t-ust *12,uvj to turnish. 7000
ti rooms; 5l2i ca5.n, balance payments.... 350
40 rooms; always rented; {sacrifice 1250
CALL. WK CAN SUIT YOU.
15 rooms; respectable; clears $S0 1500
110 rooms; inydern; hotel; clears $600 .10,000
i'l' rooms; good location; money-maker.... 750
•MONEY LOANED.. PHONE JOHN 531 •
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. '\u25a0 \u25a0 : \u25a0
850 Market st .Tel. Davis 2S1
WE HAVE NEW 45-KOOM HOUSE. WE
FURNISH TO YOUR OKDER. WE WILL
SELL IT TO YOU AT YOUR OWN PRICE-
PART CASH. •
26 rooms; good income $2,600
'IS rooms; Foliom st 750
17 rooms; good transient location 1,509
\u25a0 15 rooms; Van Ness; good furn.. 1,400
6 rooms; fine farn.; a nice home 700
8 rooms; a bargain .. : . 650
I 13 rooms; good; ntw; clean 1,500
16 rooms; tine condition; all rented 1,600
19 rooms; modern house; tine furn....... 2,500
: 21 rooms; well furn.; good income........ 2,600
13 rooms; good location; pays well 1,500
6 rooms ; good furn. and carpets 500
100 rooms; clev.; furn. and carpets new. .10,000
40 rooms; new furn. and carpets; lease.. 5,000
AT once— Lady with few hundred doilars to
manage Al rooming-house with boarders.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO., ~~
850. Market st. and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our ll&t of bargains.
75 r.; rent tlTo; Al loc.; carp., fur.; full.. $5500
3S r. ; rent $100; hotel and bar;. 30 board's. 250J
26 r.; rent $75; Market; well fur.; pays.. 1000
14 r. ; rent $60; good furn., inc $105 1000
10 r. : rent f25: cor.; fine flat: pays well.. 475
8 r. : rent J35; water free: good home.... 300
7 r.; rent $35; Ellis; modern flat 500
S r.; rent $35; fine little flat 275
Flats, 3 to 14 rooms, $150 to tlOOO
Private residences, 7 to 28 r., $250 to $3000.
NEW HOUSES JltST LISTED—
17 rooms; rent $50; clears $55; only J10O0
19 rooms; rent $55; lease; part cash 1600
22 rooms; rent $100; elegant place 3150
-45 rooms; must sell; make offer 1000
41 rooms; rent JS7: mon»y-maker *. 2200
U rooms; rent *66; part cash IOCO
ti rooms; business corner; cheap rent lSOi)
28 rooms; rent $50; clears $100 900
40 rooms; cheap rent; north of Market 3sOO
liO rooms: rent $110: profits $1600 yearly... 3500
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market St.
MA RION . G KIFFIN. 719 Market Et.'rms. 1, 2.
Tt-i. mack l-S-fl-3; office near Call bldg.
He has- 4 salesmen. Business is booming. .
He has 3 ladles canvassing for lodging-bouses
Get his free list of 541 lodging-houses. \u25a0 . "\u25a0'
He has money to loan; payable monthly' or
yearly. Itemized inventory with every house.
; A CLEAR TITLE OR NO SALE.- .•I
Several good city and country hotSs. \u25a0\u25a0.']
Houses, prices and terms to suit all buyers.'
A— 10 ROOMS; Ellis St.; rent $32 53; only... $300
15 rooms; good furniture, carp?ts; only.... 725 :
16 rooms; Leavenworth; good carpets; fur. 700
IS rooms; Market St.; rent $49; good house 550 I
Many more barealns: v get our list first \u25a0
MITCHELL & CO., 1203 Market st.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes '
and prices, in all narts of the city: Ket our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market et.
FOR sale at great bargain, price $1400. 37-roo'm
house on Market St.; rent $50: must be sold
at once. McBRIDE & CO., 993 Market. st.
$300— 14-ROOM house, a bargain: half cash,
balance to suit purchaser. McBRIDE & CO
S93. Market st.
FOR Sale— At a great eacriflce a 100-roomed
house paying $150 per month; rent $C5; price
$1500. S93 Market fit. McBRIDE & CO.
23 ROOMS; clears J65: rent $65 ;.. sso
9 rooms; rent $20: clears $30 225
20, rooms; rent $50; water free 700
i 14 rooms; rent $25: snap; south 3.1Q
15 rooms; north Market; rent $75 1050
44 rooms: 8 front rooms and good location. 2000
We have other unarm besides these
DECK & CO.. 927 Market St., room 208.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses',
hotels and business chances can be found at
the office of FISHER & CO., 935 Market st -
phone Folsom 1592.
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, '
Phone Mint 1911. . S17 Market st. opp. Mason.
He can suit you in houses and prices. • *£,
A— LODGING-HOUSE wanted; 50 rooms ; no ob-
J'ctlon to transient; no agents. Box 1384, Call/
J700— BAY-WINDOW house; 18 rooms; 3 bathe;
rent $44: mrwtern: always full. Box 1427. Call.
—————————
A-MRsT^RTTrATiNTaATiC"^
and life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun.,
Wed, and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium; spirits speak face to face; seance Tue.,
Fr..*Su.. 8 p. m.. SOc. 10S4 Bush; p. Larkin 2275.
M , R S- J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings. $1;
letter. $2. UC4 O'Farrell st. ; Ellis , car. \
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; articles
read, 10c; wllljeave city Friday. 148 Sixth.
MR 3 LESTER, circle S p. m., 10c; readings
_£0c and $1. US Sixth, r. 12; tei. Howard 1129.
A-PROF.; GEE.; "1O8 Sixth st-Satisfactory
readings, 50c and $1; circle evjry night. 10c.
ARNOLD DICKSON. tells everything; 50c. $1;
full materialisation Thurs., Sun. eve. 201 Turk.
, OFFICES. -
JAPANESE^ and Chinese help of all j kinds;
. cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE Employment Office— All -kinds of
help fnrnlthed. 439 Bush st; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 624. Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 6188.
I2MI J LOVMl£Vr UAATKO K1S.V1AL15.1
COOK with 4 years' references desires a sit-
uation in private family. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter st. . \u25a0--\u25a0---\u25a0
SWEDISH cook; best city references. ' Call J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. "
A YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do second
. work and assist children; wages $15. Call at
1142 Howard st.
SITUATION wanted as working housekeeper
for small family by elderly woman; ref er-
ences. Address 142V& Fourth st.
AN exnerienced young girl wishes a position
to care for one or two children; wages $18
or $20. Box 1390. Call. / .
YOUNG lady stenographer and typewriter de-
sires position; terms reasonable. Address 539
Howard at. \u25a0 \u25a0
COMPETENT dressmaker, good cutter, fitter,
trimmer; dresses made over latest style;
quick worker. Address B.. 1941 Mission st.
GERMAN woman wants day work; experl-
enced laundress. 559 Sixth St.. Oakland.
YOUNG girl, 16 years, wishes to assist with
housework and children. Box 1957, Call office.
AN experienced stenographer desires position;
highest references. Address box C. 30u Hayes.
YOUNG woman wants position as chamber-
mald in lodging-house or hotel. 1358 Minna
FRENCH young lady with best education
wishes a position in a good family to give
lessons to children. Address E. M., 814 Jack-
son st. . ' . "
A POSITION as housekeeper; city or country;
no objection to one or two children. Address
box 1724. Call office. .
SITUATION as marker or sorter in a laundry
by a young lady; experienced. • 10 Redwood
court. " - . ; • \u25a0 ' • ' \u25a0 ' \u25a0
RELIABLE woman wishes position to do
housework for elderly man and wife; object
good home. Address 339 Sixth St., flat 2.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to, go out
a few hours a day; housework. Address 354
Grove St.. near Gough. \u25a0'
SITUATION wanted by good woman in small
American family. Call 1309 Laguna st. ; no
postals answered. :. \u25a0 .:. • \u25a0"-' '
COLORED woman wants any kind of work;
day or week. Address 418 Natoma st.. near
Filth. - \u25a0 : ;\u25a0 .-';\u25a0?\u25a0 r . ;\u25a0;
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do general
housework; good references. 635 Natoma st.
DRESSMAKER wishes sewing lii families ;
• terms reasonable. Apply 860 McAllister st.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagement by the day.
Address A. B.. box 1701, Call. \u25a0
AN honest lady wishes work by the day; house-
cleaning. 221 Fifth st. '_____
SITUATION wanted for general housework; a
good cook. 204 Van Ness ave. ..
NORWEGIAN girl wants to do housework in
small family. 73 Thirteenth st. ~] •_:
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 B0 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable;: free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. -
EMPLOYMKiVl' WAATliJU MALli.
SITUATIONS wanted by man and wife; wife
is a perfect cook, man pertect ' gardener and
coachman; lately from the East with the best
references. Please call or address Humboldt
House, 1309 Stockton. st. \u25a0 : ' ;'
WANTED— By a young man with much office
' and business experience, a good position;
knows perfectly French, German and Rus-
sian. Box- 1705, Call office. : \u25a0\u25a0
YOUNG married man, reliable and sober,
wishes position as collector, watchman or
driver, etc.; is well acquainted with the city;
references. - Box 1704. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED Eastern man with broad com-
mercial experience, wants position in whole-
sale house or with broker; practical office
man. Box 1481. Call office.
A YOUNG -mail" with experience' as traveling
solicitor and capable of producing business
desires to identity himself, as salesman, with
an established house. Box 1422,' Call office..'
WANTED — By a" reliable, sober, young man, a
position in a wholesale house, with chance j
to raise; references given; bond if. necessary. !
Box 1500, Call office. : . j
MIDDLE-AGED man wants light work in fac-
tory, store or wholesale house; willins to
work for small wages; has good references.
Address S. M., box 2092, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman and valet: single;
neat appearance; sober; uses no tobacco; ex-
pert horseman and driver; best ref. an! per-
sonal from last employer. Box 1431, Call.
WANTED— Work as a waiter by a trustworthy
man; has not much experience; small wages
expected. Box 1356, Call office. . |
SITIJATION 'by young man as stationary engi-
neer at pumping plant; can give rererences.
Box 1459, Call ofilce.
UPHOLSTERER, German, with 3 years experi-
ence, wants position where he could learn
and better himself. Box 1497, Call office.
COACHMAN, sober, competent and well ex-
perienced, wants situation; good references.
. Address R. S., box 1597, Cal! office.
MAN of 30 wishes position as stableman - or
driver; active, willing to work. Box 1498, Call.
BRIGHT, ambitious young man (21) from the
.East seeks position of any kind, clerical work
. preferred; thorough double-entry bookkeeper
and office assistant; best references. Address
Y. M., box 14S0, Call office.
POSITION wanted by . thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
ly; references. Address box 14S4, Call office.
A YOUNG man, good habits, seeks position as
bookkeeper or otflce work of any kind; good'
references. Box 14S2, Call offl;e.
A STRONG reliable young man with .sev-
eral years' experience In liquor. work wants
position in any capacity in liquor or wine
house; can do barrel repairing; good refer- 1
encea. Box 1113, Call office. \u25a0
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position in private
. family; take care of horses and be generally
useful; good worker; good.home more object
. than salary. Box 1462, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man of family, position, as- I
. slstant bookkeeper, shipping clerk, collector, j
cashier: anything. Address Steady, box 172S,
Cell office.
GOOD, reliable man wishes work; city or coun-
try; handy with tools; good porter and bed-
maker; handy at anything. L. OLSEN, 631
. Sacramento st.
MIDDLE-AGED. man. handy with all kinds of
tools, wants steady work any place or in
factory or wholesale house or as watchman;
Al references. M. L., 719V4 Bush st. ' . • -
A MIDDLE- AGED. man, well educated, desires
position as porter in some wholesale commis-
sion house. Address H. SCHROEDER, 2269
Geary st. *: -, -'•\u25a0\u25a0.'...
A GERMAN man and wife without children,
reliable, desire to take charge of country
• place. Box 1721, Call office. ' i
A YOUNG colored student desires situation to :
care for horses where chance can be had .'of
attending night school. Box 1702. Call office.
YOUNG man of ability, age 22, wishes to
study under good lawyer; willing to work.
Box 14C1. Call office.
POSITION in wholesale liquor or grocery busi-
/ ness as salesman ; experienced either In city
or on the road. Box 1373. Call office.
MARRIED man would take charge of ranch
or rent on shares;, stock' ranch preferred;
have had experience. Address box 1328, Call.
MAN familiar with the city will drive and
care for one or two horses. Box 1964, Call.
POSITION wanted as watchman ' by ; trust-
worthy man. Address A. H.; 23S3 Folsom st.
•YOUNG man; 22; good appearance; wants posl-
\u25a0 tlon at anything; references. Box 1730, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
-subscriptions has' been - established at 10:>6
Valencia st. - - \u25a0 \u25a0 . - .:.\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0
! FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)-^We
have 42. offices, in operation;, new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
.porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 007-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES -promoted and , financed, stock
taken in payment <pr services; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted: gold
bonds furnished PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT- CO.; 326 Post st. --
I \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 F LA-rs . |O LIST— -KIIKNISHKD. -5
A NEWLY furnished flat of 7 rooms; must sell
at once. • 1800 Q' Farrell st: ! ; , '; . \u25a0'.--.
$25—1517 GOLDEN G ATE~a ve.V furnished parlor
floor, grooms, etc. ; piano, bath, garden.
'^J^ . _ . let. v \u25a0 \u25a0
NEW and cheap; 6 flats; from $22 SO to $30; 7
rooms and bath; all . modern Improvements;
marine view. SE. corner Green and Steiner.
O'FARRELL, 3931 and 1933— Modern flats; 1
,. rooms and bath each ; yard, basement ; reason-
« able rent to good tenants. - \u25a0
A MODERN flat. Just renovated; 6 rooms and
bath. 735B Ellis St..
POST, 525A— Flat of 3 rooms; suitable for
offices. \u25a0 • • - - . • \u25a0 .
ELEGANT sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath, basement,
yard. Apply>at 130 Castro St., near Fifteenth.
LIBERTY, 221— Flat, 5 rooms and bath; tubs;
must be seen to be appreciated.
MODERN sunny upper flat. 7 rooms and bath;
first-class order. 105 South Park. . •
TREMONT av., 13SA, near Frederick, Ashbury
Heights— Upper flat, 8 rooms and bath; new.
VALLEJO, 1220. bet. Hyde and Leavenworth—
Nice flat 7 rooms: rent $20; sun all around.
FIATS WANTKO.
COTTAGE or flat of 4 or iTrooms and bath in
Mission; to be first-class; no children. Ad-
dres3 box 1465, Call office.
jFKAaiiaS ASU I'ICTCKES.
CLYDK L. KELLER. J^wTSTMTnrrTTNjss
•-Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FUHMTUHK li'OH SALK.
4 ROOMS furnished in oa'k, $43 CO. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
BLACK walnut mantel and sideboard; a great
chance for some builder. 760 Howard st.
FLIl.MTURK WASTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market; tel. South 413. '
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st ; telephone* Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 7til before selling furniture, car-,
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market
GUIVES. *
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave. ..
llliiLl' WAATK1J — f'KMALE,
AN* experienced chocolate dipper for retail fac-
tory; good position; steady -u'ork; see party
here -.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO... 335 Geary st.
WOMAN for day work; $25 month; no Sunday
work
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
:5 waitresses, , first-class hotel, fare paid; 4
•waitresses, commercial hotels, $25; 6 wait-
resses, city hotels, $20 and $25; 2 restaurant
waitresses. $7; lunch waitress. SOc
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Mother and daughter as cook and second
girl, small American family, $40, choice place;
cook, small family, $30; second girl, city, $25;
Irish girl, general housework, $30. Many very
choice, reliable places, city, and country .'
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO:... 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Chambermaid and laundress, $30;
laundress, $25. private family; laundress, ho-
tel, $20; 2 cooks, American families, $30;
French nurse, $25; German nurse, $25; Swed-
ish second girl, $25; 4 second girls, $20; restau-
rant waitresses, 57. $3 week and $30 a month;
hotel waitresses, $2o; 5 cooks, plain wash,
$25, $30; kitchen helper, $20; 4 boarding-house
cooks. $30; mother and daughter as cook and
second girl, $33; 1C0 housegirls for city and
country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
MISS HORGAN 323 Sutter st.
6 cooks. German style $30 and $35
Hotel cook, $35; restaurant cook $35
Chambermaid, $20; housegirl, Oakland $30
20 housegirls. city and Oakland .$25
4 second girls, city and Oakland.... $20 and $25
_ 5 'waitresses, $20 and $25; 18 housegirls $20
A— 2 GIRLS for labeling and painting for
cannery company. MURRAY & , READY,
634-636 Clay £t. . .
WANTED— Strictly first-class plain cook;
'- American family; neat young person only
need apply; no washing; wages $30 per month.
Call 8S<2 Union St., Alameda, Chestnut sta-
tion, narrow gauge; phone Paru 1332.
WANTED— Refined young girl to assist with
chamberwork and sewing; care of 1 child; ref-
erences required. App!y to-day between 10
and 12 at 2330 Washington st.' . .U . Xi
GIRL for general housework; country; wages
$20. Call between 9. and 12 to-day at 1417
Octavia st.
SMALL girl to assist with light housework.
261 San Carlos ave., between Nineteenth and
Twentieth sts., near Mission.. \u25a0 -.
NEAT young girl to assist in general house-
work; wages from $12 to $15. 4237 Twentieth'
st., near Castro. : • - ; : \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.•:..: 1- \u25a0. ;.'.->; : . ~.
OPERATORS on children's wear; work in fac- i
tory. I. MAG.N'IN, 656 Mission, fourth floor. :
OPERATORS on flne underwear; work In fac-
_tory._^I. MAGNIN, 606 Mission, fourth floor.
OPERATORS) on ladies' waists; work in fac-
tory. ' I. MAGNIN. 606 Mission, . fourth floor.
WANTED— Good restaurant waitress; wages $7
a week. 7 -Taylor Et. .-. \u25a0 - ..'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•.\u25a0;\u25a0 :. : .... j
WANTED— Young girl for light housework; i
family of two; $10. 1126 Turk St. ;
GIRLS to shell walnuts. Apply. between 8 and j
10 at<123 Clay st., upstairs. ; I
WANTED — An experienced waitress; none but !
experienced need apply. 20 Third st. : - j
WANTED— Girl for light housework; wages I
$12. 2808 Twenty-fourth St., near Bryant.
WANTED— A vest finisher. 225 Fifth sti.: ;V
GOOD skirts hands a'nd flitter and neat bcw-
ers for ladies' tailoring. S19 Post st. V ;
COMPOSITOR wanted. R. R. PATTERSON,
429 Montgomery st. \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 :. >Y \u25a0 ;.
WANTED— A girl to do general housework In
a family of 3. Call at 22 Second st. -. :•'•-
WANTED— A girl to assist with children and
' housework; $10 a month. 1607 California st.
FIRST-CLASS waist trimmers. COX, 1514
Pine st : ' ; \ . ' -xt
WAIST finishers. Apply COX. 1514 Pine \u25a0 st. .'•
PHOTOGRAPHIC ' retoucher and reception*-
room lady.- Rembrandt Studio. 850 Market st.'
GIRL- for" general housework; wages. $20. \u25a0 1603
\u25a0 Laguna St.- - V •;\u25a0 . -.•\u25a0 •\u25a0> y. --.-.A; .
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
\u25a0 at 6 o'clock this evening. " ...; •'; ••••'':_. -. "V
NEAT young girl for upstairs work ' and . sew-'
\u25a0 ing; wages $20. - 2520 Vallejo st. . v;."' . '-
FRENCH or German girl to keep child out of
doors; may sleep home; $10. 1904 Broadway, j
GERMAN girl 12 or 14 to take care of 3 chil-
dren; sleep home: $3 week. 131 Eddy st.
GIRL "for general housework. 1713 Broderlck
st., near Bush. ' . \u25a0
FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt hands. MRS
R. J. STACY, 116 Stockton St.; apply 3 days. |
EXPERIENCED hairdresser and manicure !
wanted. Emporium Hairdressing Parlor.
WANTED— Girl in art department of wholesale
house. Apply at 422 Battery, st.
EXPERIENCED - salesladies tor millinery;
good wages; steady position. ISO Sixth st.
GIRL for general housework of three adults. !
724 Grove st. .
SMALL orphan girl, light housework; small
Call Wednesday 2134 Fillmore st.
YOUNG girl, care of children; good~~home";
small wages. Inquire at 131 Third St. •
GIRL to assist in general housework; plain
washing. 1920 Sutter st.
GOOD hands who can make buttonholes on
vests. 641^ Stevenson st. .
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few\ bright girls about IS
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. 'Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gouch
and Grove Ets.-- \u25a0 -.-.\u25a0.-'\u25a0/
EXPERIENCED girl to do general house-
work In Oakland; German or Scandinavian
preferred; small washing; wages $30. In-
qulre room 7. 606 Montgomery st. \u25a0
HAIRDRESSING taught In 2 weeks; manicur-
ing & facial massage Included: course «5: po-
sitions positively guaranteed; 4 good positlonj
waiting. S. F. College. 233 Geary st.. room U.
CANDY saleslady; kmust have experience. Call
from 10 to 12 and 4 to 6. Blum's Confectionery
"corner Polk and Sutter sts.
FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted on . jackets and
skirts. Apply 22 Grant ave.
GOOD finisher on' pants; also an apprentice
-.- 935 Market st.; room 16. -
WANTED— A first-class^ saleslady; references'
Call bet. 7 and 9 p. m., 206 Hickory ave.
WANTED— Lady canvasser. California Rug
'. Co.. 1278 Union St. _
A GOOD operator on pants. 36 ; Geary St.,
room 33. \u25a0 ' - • ~ . . '
PANTS finishers; also apprentices; steady
v/ork; paid while' learning. -14 McAllister St.,
:.. room IS. - \u25a0„ ;-;.\: \u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0. - _. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0, ,-. ,-.- . ' ,-
WANTED— Girl to assist in general housework"
. 791 McAllister st/ near Cctavla: • '
WANTED— Girl in candy ' store; . 6 a. m. - to 8
\u25a0 p. m. ; Twenty-third and Folsom sts..;-
GIRL : to ; assist \u25a0 In housework : \u25a0 one \u25a0 who sleeps
':\u25a0- home . preferred. 1316B : Powell st. '
APPRENTICES to \u25a0 learn tailoring;- paid while
1 learning. Btlasco & Harrij Co.. 5U Market.
MACHINE operators at LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.'S overall factory. 22% Fremont St.; good
wages; no experience necessary; steady work.
Apply MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and cloak
hands. Apply 1200 Geary st.
W'ANTED— Women for light work on fruit
1731 Folsom St. \u25a0
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmora st.
A BRANCH cfflce for Call advertisements and
eubscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st. »
HELP WASTED MALE. *
A^^URRTY^^£ADY.^..T^Pho^rM7Sr^8
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS
CARPENTERS
Carponters Near City...' Carpenters
4 carpenters, rough work, see boss here,
$3 day Fare 60c
8 carpenters, company work, $70 and found,
steady work Fare $1 25
5 carpenters, mine company f55 and found
Blacksmith, city job ?3 50 day
4 men to work on pile driver for saw mill
company. 4 months' Job....... $57 and found
...Man to run capping machine cannery
Horseshoer; harness maker, ranch, $40. found
MISCELLANEOUS
Catholic choreman, understand chickens,
$20 and found
8 laborers, to do mucking work In mine.... $75
10 laborers, near city $52
10 laborers, $2 25 day; IB drillers. $75; 6 stable-
men and buggy washers; boy for store; 20
farmers, J2S and $30; 10 plow teamsters- for
large ranch, $30 and found; 10 milkers: 5
choremen; 7 chore boys; 4 handy men, used to
handling auger, saw, etc., to work around
pile driver, country
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
_ 5 cooks; 10 waiters; 13 kitchen hands: second
cook, country hotel. $45 and found; assistant
\i butcher and sausage maker, fare paid; dish-
washer, country, fare paid, $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY ...634-636 Clay St.
RESTAURANT cook, country, $50; short-order
\u25a0 and oyster cojk, $40; second cook for steam-
er, $o0; cook and wife, country hotel: boy
•for housework,' $10. and' found; pantryman,
• vegetableman and others.- \u25a0 J.-. F. CROSETT
-. & CO... 62S Sacramento St.- • " ....
GENERAL merchandise clerk for country, $50
to $60. ' J. \u25a0 F. ..CROSETT &-CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento St. "... t: > \u25a0 \u25a0 ... . "•_•; • V. ...
A STABLEMAN, small country'stable, $35 and
found; rough carpenter for ranch. $30 and
board; driver for milk* wagon. $30. and found;
I 20 laborers for ditch, $2 25 a day; 20 scraper
, teamsters, $2 23 a day;, farmers, milkers.
teamsters, cooks, waiters and dishwashers.
V*. D- EWER & CO., 610 Clay st. .
ANDRE' S OFFICeT 316 STOCKTON ST. V
Second cook, $65; cook, chophouse,- near city,
$35; waiter, $30; waiter, nurses' . hall, $25 to
. $30; dishwasher/ $25; vegetableman, $25, etc.
A MIDDLE-AGED man and wife to- keep
house for cne man, $35. see party here. MRS.
M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st. ... • -,
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Clerk and bookkeeper. $S0; clerk. $75. .:'.•,•\u25a0•
WANTED— Reciuits for the marine corpn. U.
S. navy; itble-bodied. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and. 35; nor
lc&s than 5 feet' 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English.' For
further information apply at the Recruiting
i otflce, 40 Ellis st.. Kan Francisco. •; ••. ..
MEN who formerly worked on press election
returns please call at room 9, basement of
Registrar's office. New City Hall, at 10
o'clock this morning. . \u25a0 -.';\u25a0":•.
WANTED— For Seattle, a first-class dyer and
scourer. PARISIAN DYE WORKS,: 141S 1st,
ave. Anuly 248 Twelfth st., city. / ."..'•-;.
METAL engraver and wood engraver for Salt
Lake; fare paid if necessary; can work to
repay. Box 14S9, Call. --V^-'.-V/- 1 -?'
BOY In gent's furnishing store; must under-
stand something of the business and ! make
himself useful; $5 per week. 535 Valencia st.
AN experienced label cutter wanted. Abram-
fon-Heunisch Glass Co. Printing Department..
Main it. . \u25a0 •\u25a0 . .-'. ».-.
WANTED— Reliable man to work in coal, yard:
one who understands the care of horses pre-.
ferred. 1711 Sacramento St., after 9 o'clock.
BOY about 15 to run errands and deliver pack-
j ages; must reside with parents. Apply to
j MARSH & KIDD'S. 526 Market st.
WANTED— Cash boys. Apply bet. 8 and 11
a. m. HALE BROS. (Inc.). .'\u25a0\u25a0-. - =. .'f : :\u25a0
WANTED — A man to repair gas meters.-
WIESTER & CO., 22 Second st...- S. 'F.. .- '
! ABLE solicitor can earn $100 per. week 'on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
WANTED— Sober man with \u25a0 $75 can make J15-
$1S per week; no risk. 78 Third st. r Toorn 2."
A YOUNG man to drive butcher wagon; West-
ern Addition preferred. 1612 Post stv-.-.';' 7...
f BARBER wanted at 222 Post st. \u25a0 •
WANTED— Barber, young man preferred; short
hours; 4 p. m. 5C3 Haight st. .:.•'•..-.::\u25a0 .
BARBER wanted steady at J. NAISMITH'S,
: £39 Clay st. ;.; . \u25a0.•.-.- \u25a0;.: ; ;v.. ;\u25a0 :
WANTED— Strong. Intelligent boys,- 18 to 20
years, to learn machinist traded' 505 .Mission.
WANTED— Shirt polisher. Oakland Laundry
Co., 690 Twenty-ninth St., Oakland.; /..-.- : : .
KRRAND boy Vanted. 200# Turk: St.! k'-.
BOY for office work; must fcsable to write on
typewriter. 5CS Market st. '•..•• ; :: .:v'-.. ' j
WANTED— A boy, 16 or IS years • of age, at
-210 -Davis st.'; call 9 o'clock,, third -floor.
BOY wanted to learn Jewelry trade. Box 13o8.
Call. \u25a0-- •\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0: : v > :> :\u25a0\u25a0:,..-.";-:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0/• ;^-.. \u25a0-. '
WANTED— A man for general housework at
1443 Harrison st. \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0;. \u25a0\u25a0' -.- •_/•-'. '\u25a0\u25a0:.- -\u25a0;*\u25a0'..\u25a0
$75 — WOMAN wants elderly . man- for partner
in cigar store. 257 Fourth; St., cor. Folsom.
WANTED— Clothing. : \u25a0 furnishing and dry
goods men at 66 Third st.; . bet. 9 and 12 a.m.
ERRAND boy— "Apply .422 Battery st.
DISHWASHER wanted ;' $13 and found. 1224
. : Point Lobos ave. ; ; Geary-st. cars.
ALL' sizes men's shoes; slightly damaged, half
\u25a0 price.- 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD young union barber wanted Wednesday,
.-Saturday and Sunday. 1739 Union st.
RELIABLE man to do. kitchen -work wanted.
? .521 Kearny st. ' ,'\u25a0\u25a0' '- •
STRONG boy to be useful around drug store; $4
• to $5 per week. Address box 15S6. Call office.
2S01 MISSION — First-class shoemaker on re-
pairing. . • • :\u25a0• : \u25a0 I
WANTED— Extra waiter. CLARKE'S Bakery,
.•'.\u25a0\u25a0 612 Kearny st. .- ..'
ERRAND boy wanted. 304 Tehama st.'
BOY wanted at ROSS & SON'S printing office,
K9-361 Bush st. Call at 8 o'clock.
TAILOR wanted; come ready to work, f 220
McAllister Bt. .
BAREER wanted for 10c shop. Call at 105
Tenth st. \u25a0 :
WANTED— Night cashier. 29 Stockton st
FOK SALE— Barber shop of 3 chairs and fix-
tures; located 4 years; cheap. Inquire at Call.
1000 MEN Wanted — Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and sho v el men to work on ditch line "being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.,
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. CaL; apply on
'work; steady work. good, board and best*
wages in State. San Francisco Construction I
Co.. 26 Montgomery St.. room 23. San Fran- j
Cisco. Cal. / 1 - . .- :
WANTED— A young man with $100 for a plain
light business that will pay him $65 a month;
experience not required: permanent place!
- Apply 1016 Market St., room 10. . j
OLD-ESTABLISHED wholesale liquor house '
requires the services of traveling salesman, i
Full particulars to Box 1727. Call office. •
INTELLIGENT BOY wanted for tin and hard- I
ware 'store; a good chance to learn the bus!- i
ness. Apply Box 1361. Call 'office.
WANTED— A competent cook who understands
German cooking; references required. Call
between 8 and 10 or 5 and 6 at 1640 Pine st.
SHOE cutters wanted by BUCKINGHAM &
HECHT, Twenty-sixth and Valencia sts. |
FIRST-CLASS " presser wanted on ladles' ear
ments. Apply 2J-Grant ave.
RANCH foreman wanted; single man- wages
$10; reference. Address Box 1483, Call office.
GOOD shoemaker for repairing at 30% Clay st
SEVERAL good agents; good proposition. Ap-
ply Royal Port Co.. 142 Seventh st.
WANTED— S good teamsters; steady work
Apply to- J. O'SHEA. 2030 Seventeenth -t \u25a0
corner Vermont. -, - cc ""* B *-«
w , A - N 5 ED TT B V ght boy about 15 - daxziger!
PIANO salesman; must have good refprpnoc'
Apply Glrard Piano Compangc^iand Cal'
WANTED— Reliable young man with lii^I
cash;J13 to «3 week; no-expirlenVe- »tS3l'
place. 1221 Market St.. room 1. upstair!! *
FIRST-CLASS ladies' taller wanted for the '
country. Apply STEIN. SIMON - & CO.
I 0 "" 3331 "" ° n bread and cakes. Ill Lar-Continued From. Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
GRAND HOTEL.
T Phillips, San Rafael H C Bundy," Miss
Cha» France, Salinas J W' Bailey Jr Nwctl*
G Johnson, U. S N W N Ketchum, Chicago
Dr C ,W Jones i w, F. C Medick. Ohio \u25a0
Grass Jfalley . J w Best Denver
Miss Hill, Honolulu Mrs C W Joynt, Wash
E M Margolls, Stocktn Miss . Chetta Rauson.
C R Puckhaber.Fresno Whatcom, Wash
O Nestal. Fresno Capt Edwardsen. Cal
D D Warner, Portland H B Morris & w, Cal
C E Tinkham. R&Bluff M Friedberger, Stkton
P M Wade. Ky \u25a0 \u25a0• W H EVans. Arbucklo
K L Grover.MD, Alska E J Musto. Stockton
T L Reed. Reedley. J F Green. Suisun
J Henderson, Seattle G M Reid. N Y
W C Potts and wife, J D Fletcher. Tenn.
Johnstown" F S Cairns, w and ch,
R F Gray, Ft Bragg Boston
J J Hebbron, Salinas Mrs W L ' Samuels,
N Sherwood & w, Cal Washington
J T Tanner & wife Harriet Ely, Atlantlo
M Michael, Lincoln City
W C Brady, Denver Elisabeth MacGaffey,
W W Lewton & w. HI Atlantic City
Mrs D Burkhalter. LA T A Hurley, NY-':
Miss M Burkhalter.LA G Maxwell, Los Ang
H S Bavre & w, Colo D L Cecil. San Jose
V J Brown, Newcastle M Michael. Woodland
A Yule. St Louis PJ Hiatt. KntjrhtsLdg
J W Boyd. Seattle G T B Wall. Ohio
PALACE HOTEL.
Dr C A Fitch, NY K Makoseli. Tokio.Jap.
Fred Spang, Pa M Hashmisko, Japan
H J Safford, NX C H Hand. Celebes
J C Marln & w, N Y F M Dixon, Sumatra
F E Cryder, N>T J Hassaler. Oakdaie
Henry Block. NO C W Burnaby. N Y
C H Morrison, Ind S McMertrie, Denver
Ben Klngshaker, LAV H Bucker, Chicago
H S Wenheimer. N Y B H Englike&w, N Y
-C A CanfleliJ. Los Ang Miss J H Wallace. NY
Burton K Green. L A C A Libby and wife.
D R McLennon, Minn Portland, Me : :
Will H Thompson & w, C E Pearsall, Eureka
Seattle - Hutton Crater, KasCty
W W Crosely. NY T D Long & w. Denver
V H MacLaymont. Cal E W Brown & W, Cgo
M H Whittle, Bkrsfleld Mrs E Baron St family,
B F Brooks, Bkersfleld Mayfleld
A J Pollak, Nome Manereln Stahl, Gua-
Wm A Junker.Del Mte temala
J C Cook. San Jose J M Pike. Modesto
C Cook. San Jose AW Cutter. Los An*
T T Goodwin. N Y Francis P McCall. NY
D W Stevens, Wash.DC R D Goodwin, USA
F E fernald. Chicago G C Wertendorp. Am-
L A Grant. Los Ang sterdam
W. Cohlitz, Tokio. Jap
* - NEW WESTERN HOTE1*.
Paul Deward. Kans J E Wood, Modesto
A D Hallett, Kans Wm Haggins, S Mateo
W C Carlton, Sonora V H Teutschell, Sacto
Chas Nicholas, Petlma Wm Bassett Tomales
D B Jeffers, Manila.PI Wm Page. Oakland
H Baselikin. Ogden John Manning, Hanfrd
G Lorentz. Aurora. Neb .'Hueh Sparks. USA
A P Bacon, Wash, DC!C Johnson, Sn Lorenzo
E H Hareford. NY .IP J Murtha & w, Cal
Henry Muller & wife, I A H Bernsch, Chicago
Portland - iWm Ballson, Cortland
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
J. E. Owens (owner) with A. Andrews (con
tractor), architect. T: D. Newsom— All work for
a two-story frame building (flats) on lot on E
line of 'Fourth avenue. 275 S . from Clement
street. S 25 by E 120; $3600.
H. 'William Frank (owner) with' C. Schutt
(contractor), architect, H. Geilfuss— Carpenter
work, roofing, galvanized .iron, tinning, glazing
and .mill work for a four-story brick . building
on lot on N line of Commercial street, distant
thereon southerly from the NE corner of Front
and Commercial streets 120 feet, N 40. E 55. W
40 S 65: $1150.
Henry Kahn (owner) with H. H. lArsen- ft
Brothers (contractors), architects, I William
Mooser-&- Son— Excavating and brick work
(cement to be furnished by owner) for a five
story sub-basement and basement brick build
ing on lot on S line of Sutter street 206:3 W
from Taylor, W 45:10 by S 137:6; $10,900.
Eliza Upton (owner) with Theo S. Holn (con
tractor),, architect Maxwell G. Bugbee— All
work except shades and fixtures for a three
story frame building (3 flats) on S line of Ptn»
street. 91:6 E of Powell. E 23 by S 60- $783
Mrs. Alice Cooper Dillon (owner) with C P."
Moore (contractor), architects Newsom & New
som — All work for a two-story attic and base
ment frame building on N line of Broadway,
92:6 E of Pierce street 27 .-« by 137:6; $5300. '
Builders' Contracts.
Marlposa and Minnesota, E 50, S 100. E 30.
SW to a point 125 S of 'Mariposa, \V to E
line of Minnesota. N 125: 110.
I Robert Walmsey (by attorney) to George W.
Hall, lot on E line of Michigan street ISO N
of Twenty-third (Nevada). N 123:7, thence fol
lowing the shore of the bay S 55Vs degrees.
E 128:8. S •% degree, \V 56:3Vs. S 63% degrees.
E 59:10tf. W 56:7. N 50. W luu. fractional lota
6 to 8, 15 and 16, block 413 r Salt Marsh and Tide
Lands; J10. . •
Henry W. and Charles W. Spaldlng to John
W. Bourdette, lot on W line o£ Twenty-eighth
avenue, 200 N of J street N 50 by W 120; alao
lots 1148, 1150 and 1152. Gift Map 2; $10.
City Land Company/ (a corporation) to '-Carl
G. Larsen. entire block bounded on N by U
street. E by Twentieth avenue. S by V street,
W by Twenty-first avenue; also entire bloci;
bounde'd N by V, street. E by Twentieth ave
nue. S by W street, W by Twenty-first avenue;
$10.
Jane McDonald (wife of D.) to Thomas J. and
Charlotte C. Johnston, lot on S line of Faral
lones street, 180 W of Capitol avenue. W 50 by
S 125. lot 4, block I, Railroad Homestead As
sociation; $10. ' . .
Junius T. McMurtry to Annie McMurtry, lot
on S "line of China avenue, 73 E \u25a0 of Lisbon
street E 50 by S 100. block 29, Excelsior Home-
Btead Association; gift.
Aleck Mujler to Olive Verkouteren (widow),
intersection of W line of Ware street and NE
line of San Bruno avenue. N 109:4 1-3. W 76.
SE 133:6?4. block 7. lands Garden Tract Home
stead Addition: $10. •.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to William
Mattfaldt. lot in Odd Fellows' Cemetery; JE0.
William Leviston to John O. Klumpe, lot on
NE corner of Union and Laguna streets. E 43
by N 60; J10. . :
1 John G. Klumpke to Gustavus D. Harper,
same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Gustavus D. - Harper et aL to Angelo Bene
detti, same; $3000. . ..* ..-.-. -"1
Elizabeth G. Baldwin (widow) to Frances B.
Sanborn (wife of S. S.) (Frances A. Baldwin),
lot on NE corner of Filbert and • Devisadero
streets, E 30 by N 137:3, quitclaim deed; $10.
Frances B. Sanborn (wife of S. S.) (Francea
A. Baldwin) to David and Bertha W. Stark,
same; $10.
60 Giant Powder Con 88 50
30 Hutchlnson S P Co.......... lg 87U|
80 Oceanic S S Co 43 00
50 S FGas & Electric Co 44 so
Afternoon Session. ...
Board — ' • \u25a0
5 Contra Costa "Water 77 37U
40 Contra Costa Water 77 50
5 Contra Costa Water . 77 87^4
50 Contra Costa Water (b 10) 78 00
10 Giant Powder Con 83 S7»4
100 Giant Powder Con ...- 84 09
100 Hana Plantation Co 4 75
$1000 Pac Gas Imp 4 per cent bonds.... 93 00
29 Spring Valley Water 86 25
Street—
$18,000 Oakland Transit Co 8 per cent.. 124 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Home X 40.
200 Junction »....:.... a.
170 Kern 5 87tf
2000 Lion .......:....... CS
2000 Lion (a 60) - 03
1000 Oil City Petroleum : 24
1200 Petroleum Center ' 10
100 Toltec 40
--'\u25a0-, . Afternoon Session. -
9 Hanfonl .'. 106 90
5 Hanford .".... 105 00
2500 Lion .' 08
10O Peerless „ 5 1244
2500 Petroleum Center .................... m
3500 Petroleum Center 08
100 Sterling , 123
MINING STOCKS.
Following: were- tfce sales In the San P*ran
clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Best & Belcher 15 700 Occidental 08
400 Best- & Belcher 16 300-Oph'r . 85
E0O Chollar 09 ICO Savage .;. 10
100 Chollar 08 400 Sierra Nevada. 17
200 Con Cal -A '-Va.l- 80 800 Union Con ..... ""o
400 Mexican ....... 20 100 Union Con 16
100 Mexican 21
Afternoon Session.'
130 Con Cal ft Va.l 80 200 St Louis....' 03
100 Ophtr .... •• 83 200 Union Con. 13
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchanre . yesterday: . .
Mornlns Session. • • :
200 Belcher 09 200 Ophir 85
100 Best & Belcher 15 400 Ophir 84
100 Con Cal & Va.l 80 200 Savage ,10
1 700 Crown Point.... 07 300,Slerra Nevada. 17
600 Mexican 21 200 Silver Hill....... 31
200 Mexican' "20 600 Union Con 15
\u25a0 Afternoon Session. . •
200 Best & Belcher 15 SOO Overman ....... 06
200 Best & Belcher IS 300 Sierra Nevada. 18
100, C C & Va....l77% 200 Union Con 15
200 Gould & Curry. 13 600 Utah 04
200 Mexican ....... 20 300 Yellow Jacket.. IS
100 Ophir 83 r
'. . CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Oet 29-4 p. mi
Bid. Ask. •/, ' Bid. Ask.
Alpha ..;. 01 02 Justice 01 03
Alta ...01 02 Kentuck — .* ea
Andes .:.;.;.... 04'05|Lady Wash. 01 —
Belcher ....._..• 08' 03 Mexican ;..:... 19 ,20
Best &. Belcher 15 05 07
Bullion " 02 03 1 Ophir 81 1, 82
Caledonia.^ 28 29 Overman 04 - 05
Challenge . Con. IS 20|Potost ;. 08 09'
Chollar ...;..... 08 lOlSavage ......... 03, 10
Confidence 75 80; Scorpion ........ ;— " 04
Con -Cal & Va.l 75 1 80, Seg Belcher..... 02 03
. Con Imperial... ' — . 01, Sierra Nevada. 14 15
-Con -New York- , 01 . — Silver Hill 30. 32
Crown Point.... 05 . 06 St Louia 03
Eureka Con.... 14 —'Standard ......3 80 3 95
Exchequer ..... — C2 Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry. 12 13 Union Con...... 14 15
Hale & Norcra. :i8 19 Utah '. 03 - 04 '
Julia :. — 01 YeUow Jacket.. U IS
H.G. Hanley to Mary E., Nora B. and
Frances R. Hanley, lot on B Una of Ffllmore
street, 87:8 S of Green, S EO-by E 6S:»; $10. \u25a0
Bridget Keogh (widow) >_ to Carl -Krecker.. lot
on-N llneof Fell street; 50 W of Scott, N
to by ' N 100; Jlft • • *
Grace G. Alexander (Mackenzie) to Alphonse
J. Mervy. .-lot on S lino of Eighteenth street.
125 E of Castro. E 25 by S 99:8; $10. \u25a0•\u25a0: = \u25a0
- Eliza C. •• Herbert (Comerford) . to -.. Frits • E."
Dahlgren, commencing 100 : S : of - Duncan .and
125 E:of Church. S 14, by E100;'$10. , ,
I Same to same, lot on S line of Duncan street.
150 E of. Church. E-25 by S 100; $10.
„• Thomas W.. Katherlne A., -Christopher C
and Lily A: Rivers to John -H. Kruse, lot on
S line of .Duncan street, 270 W of Sanchex,
/W 25 by S 114; $10.
.\u25a0 Joseph L. Eastland to F. -A. Hihn. ' undivided
one-qaarter of < lot on K SW corner of Golden
Gate avenue and Leavenworth street,; S 157:6 by
W 137:6; : $10. ?-;•-"• : - • ,- ..: .,-\u25a0-.\u25a0 •....-•-. \u25a0
-• Elizabeth J and Herman "Werner' to Timothy
Kenney, lot on NW, line of Eldridge street," lW
SW of Chesley, . SW. 20 by.NW. 80; $10.
_ Emma. I Livingston 8 (widow) ; (by attorney) I to
A, H. Paysdn (trustee), lot on SE corner \u25a0 of
BE Ali TEANSAjCTTONS.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, 1 WEDNESDAY; OCTOBER 30, 1901.
13
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR^ SAL5J.i
aTmTsPECIcX. CO.; 53 < ' 667 MarkeTst
Opposite Kearny. - - -
Real' Estate . Agents and Rent Collectors.
., . ... .:,. . \u25a0 $42,000. '.-:••-• - ---\u25a0•\u25a0»- . "...
Downtown investment; rents SiCOO annually; 5
years' lease to one tenant guaranteed; .mort-
gage J1S.CO0; positively pays 8 per cent net
? ?\u25a0..' \u25a0', •' \u25a0 • ,$42,000.. '-:\ ;-\u25a0\u25a0•-* --.-....:
Post-st. corner; . downtown; fine 3-story ' build-
ing; *• stores; rents $240; 67-ft. -front
..-.-. \u25a0 $35,000. • . - »
Mission st. near Fourth; splendid brick struc-
ture; elevator; good' high; basement; rent
$250; one tenant. .. ; ".' ., .
• . •. \u25a0\u25a0 ,•/;. .-\u25a0• : --'"835,000. . ; ; • , / '* -•
Corner, close to Mercantile Library;' lot 85x123;
3 frontages; rent $205; can be - increased to
1400.' ;\u25a0\u25a0 - — • : - -- :\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
$30,000. . • \u25a0:\u25a0
Eddy,st, near Jones; 48 feet frontage; frame
improvements; this Is a quick seller. -
. • $19,600:.
Modern isnprovements ; lot 72x137:6; rented at
- |170. ' \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0•:'. '\u25a0
...V ' ' •. • .-' $16,500.-: .' \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 ' >'- !
Panhandle corner; 2 new buildings; rents $142;
lot 37x115 feet . '
$16,000. •
Leaven worth-st Investment; " 67 \u25a0 feet front;
\u25a0 rents $105; always rented: : "'
- Y- \u25a0 $12,750. - \u25a0..- -.,-\u25a0 ,
New Van Ness ave. flats; rents $125; a safe
.buy.- ,- \u25a0' :\u25a0:.•"-- ..-.-\u25a0 : \u25a0 . \u25a0. .' \u25a0\u25a0.. : ..
'. .-• . . $6500. \u25a0 ; -
Corner; marine view; splendid Improvements;
rents $60. . \u25a0 . v \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0
•' $4950. \u25a0 ' \u25a0
Two modern' flats; only half block from Mar-
ket st.;' rents $40; cost nearly $7500.. .};-'.: \u25a0
V ...... $3800. \u25a0\u25a0 ' :\u25a0>\u25a0:. - '
Jones-st" flats; rents $41; -lot 45-foot frontago.
, \u25a0 ' - $700 cash.- . . r
Balance $1300 mortgage can remain; 6-room
cottage; in the Mission; Twenty-fourth-st
car line. 1 ' '•' • \u25a0 • \u25a0
A.. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market at
A SUNNY north, corner, near Van Ness ave.;
large lot, with fine residence of 14 rooms.
Large residence on Jackson st., . near Polk;
14 rooms; lot 35x127.
• ',-• ,.:\u25a0 THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
" _ 6 Montgomery st 1
FOR sale— Cottage of 4' rooms, large basement
\u25a0 and yard: half cash. 3022 Pierce st ..
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE OR. EXCHANGE.
A highly Improved country home and invest-
ment property near San Jose, \u25a0 consisting of 180
acres of which 100 acres are planted to the
finest varieties of resistant wine grapes.' There
is a family orchard surrounding the buildings.
The Improvements consist of. a large 12-room
modern residence, with spring water piped
throughout. The house is surrounded by hand-
some grounds containing a large fish pond and
fountain. There are also stablea and other
ranch buildings. The house sets on a sufficient
elevation to command a beautiful view of the
Santa Clara Valley. The wine industry ' Is" as-
sured good prices for years to come and wine
grapes are selling for $25 to $30 per ton. which
makes a resistant vineyard an Investment prop-
osition. Thla property is worth your immediate
Investigation. For full information call on or
address ' McAFEE BROTHERS, '
. 103 Montgomery st, San Francisco, Cal. .'..
800-ACRE ranch in Sonoma County, 12 miles
from Santa 1 Rosa. 1% miles from Kenwood
(Southern Pacific station>; within four miles
of the California Northwestern Railroad; land
long conceded to be among the very finest
vineyard land in the' State; would pay splen-
didly if now planted in resistant vines; bot-
tom, lands highly productive: house on prem-
ises . contains ten rooms and bath; hard fin-
ished; also large barns and all other . neces-
sary buildings; hot and cold water through-
out; abundant supply of water for allpur-
. poses piped from perennial springs; this prop,
erty and additional money necessary is offered
\u25a0 in exchange for San Francisco income prop-
erty worth from $60,000 to $100,000.
. Apply to THOS. MAGEE & SONS,
\u25a0 ' \u25a0 . . Real Estate Agents,
; , . 5 Montgomery st
FOR SALE NEAR SAN. FRANCISCO
: Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
-'Cotatl. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
\u25a0San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
\u25a0 best for poultry- and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 303 California st, for pa m-
;\u25a0 phlets and . information. \u25a0.;"\u25a0\u25a0'- \u25a0
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. ; 204 acres; El
• Dorado Co.," near R. R. Box 222,' Call.' " '
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale;, write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— NOTHING like it; pleasant sunny suite
with kitchen, all complete for housekeeping,
$20; other rooms reasonable. St James, Mc-
Allister and Laguna sts. • •
CALIFORNIA, 1527— Sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms to let: gas and bath.
EDDY, 743—2 sunny, rooms for housekeeping]
private; phone. '\u25a0
EDDT, 939 — 3 or 4 furnished or . unfurnished
. Bunny rooms; private residence; conveniences;
phone. ".. . ' \u25a0 , . \u25a0 •:
i EIGHTH,- 112— 6*i large _ bay-jrtndow j- rooms;
sunny; for housekeeping;- unfurnished." \u25a0\u25a0. -.. ,
FIFTH. 353 — Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three, $15; three, $16; also single, $4, $5 and up.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 641— Two bright sunny
rooms for housekeeping; ". basement ' "Call
from 9 till 10:30 a. ro, -, \u25a0. -
HOWARD, 1063 — 2 sunny connecting completely
furn. rms.; running .water, range, , etc. ; $10.'
HOWARD, 1063—2 sunny front completely furn.
bay-window rms. ; eleo. ' lights; range; others.
LANGTON, 256%— 3 sunny, nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family.
LARKIN, 433-^Neatly furnished- bay-window
housekeeping rooms. '... :
MCALLISTER. 636— Sunny furnished suites; gas
range, sink, laundry ; ground . floor; $12, $15.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms ; cheap. -
POLK, 1002— 3. and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap: reference.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice ' furnished rooms for
housekeeping; very cheap.
THE St James, cor. Laguna and McAllister
sts.— Large, well-furnished . single room, $8;
handsomely furnished suite for light house-
keeping-, $15; ' handsomely furnished corner
, suite for light-housekeeping, extra kitchen in-
cluded; select home for families; near park.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
-.-\u25a0 subscriptions -has been- established at 109S
Valencia st. \u25a0 - - • ' ; \u25a0 ' • \u25a0 - -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS ' TO LET— Farn. and Unfarn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, eleg'ant
Bunny; grill attached; country visitors find no
place like the Argyle; take McAllister-st. cara.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to. $3 week.
A SUNNY suite, and singles,- neat and clean,
bath, phone. Prices low. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis,' corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms f prices reasonable.
EUGENE. 265 O'Farrell— New House, fireproof,
new furniture; electric- elevator; 25 private
suites with bath; baths' free; flrst-class.
FOURTH, 225— Nice front room; also single
rooms. \u25a0 . -'•-.. -\u25a0'-.•- - ' .
FOURTH, 853— Sunny rooms; gas. and .bath;
call after 6 p. m. ...
FRANCISCO. HOTEL-Elegant suites; single;
' transient; baths. - Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GOLDEN GATE AVB., 641— Bright sunny snd
nicely furnished room for \u25a0; gentleman; bath.
Call from 9 till 10:30 a. m. -,. , .;,.-- .
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.'.
GOUGH 1613— Nicely furnished' Bunny rooms
with hot and cold water; gaa; bath.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
et, near" Market— Central location; new build-
Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly flrst-class;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-Bt cable cars to Turk st. -
HYDE, 808— 2 sunny : rooms in" handsom» ' pri-
vate residence; very select; gentlemen. •
LARKIN. 408— Sunny_front. bay- window room;
private houee. . , ~ ; .'..\u25a0\u25a0 - -.*, ,-
LEAVENWORTH, 227— ?10; large furn. light
' front rooms; closets; run, water; cor. 1 house.
MINNA. 667, corner ' Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient
NATOMA, 622— Two furnished rooms in private
family. - \ ,..'.- ; \u25a0 "-'• \u25a0\u25a0 , ' \u25a0•\u25a0-" \u25a0 ' - ; \u25a0 v ; \u25a0
'NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st' •/.'\u25a0/-
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished • rooms and
,, offices ; \u25a0 elevator; elec. lights ; . day, week, mo.
ROYAL House 1 . 126 Ellis— Incandescent - light ;
• rendlng-room,. smoking-room and ladies' par-
lorT. rooms, per night.. S5c to,$l 50; week, 32 to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
\u25a0. rooms with hot and cold, water;. baths. \u25a0 .1
SHERMAN, Apartment: House,' '28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. " •:\u25a0;
SILVER,* 127B— A fine room-tor V or 2; use of
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 bath; $10: : :\u25a0 * - - . ''--.\u25a0-. \u25a0 -- - -.,'\u25a0\u25a0.
SUTTER, 320H (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles $2 to $5 per week; transient.' ;
SUTTER, 1105-r-Large, .. ' sunny '\u25a0\u25a0 rear ; rooms;
-\u25a0, closet; running water; -88 and. $9 a month. ". \u25a0\u25a0
CLASSIFIED /advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st,
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
; subscriptions \ has been established \u25a0 at . 1096
'- Valencia' «U "• \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 ' • . " \u25a0::",
f MEDICAL.
Cli. OLKDNNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
*n» Uicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped: relief In all
« ate s taken; the most obstinate cases have
keen relieved by my medical treatment;, free,
confidential aJvIee on all subject* of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaint*
treated; relict' to the longest cases. DR. <J.
W. O'DONNt'LL. 1C18 Market et.. opp. Fifth.
A— Mrs. Sweet, graduate Royal University, Ber-
!in; 25 years' experience in midwifery cases;
utmost confidence can be placed in her; tnkes
& treats ladies before & during confinement;
b^Et care, sttsntlon; conTinement $15; bo&rd $i
•week; infant* adopted. 3327 ISth St.; Mission-
s' I. caw; eonisuitation free; phone Capp 280S.
MRS. D. WTETH and Mrs. Kohl, reliable
ladies 1 specialists for female complaints; ln-
ttaiu relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience; 1
private home before and during confinement '
410 O'Farrell St.. near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
KINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment ; maternity home; horn*
in confinement. 1126 Market et.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dteB* cpecialiiit; a prlv. home before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care; low fees.
THE original MRS. DA VIES Is still located at
1I2S Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. r.i. to 4 p. m. and C to S:30 p. m.
DR and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists-
\u25a0w-ejl known and reliable; 25 years' practice In
6. F. ; maternity. home; fee low. 90C Market
DR. XG TOY KEE. S10 Stockton et. opp.
t'r.lon gpuar.': all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
TjBc'lLERS. engines, Id-hand machinery! Mc£
INTOt-H & tVOLPMAN. 1S5-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
\u25a0econd hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 22 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can chip everything
In I* hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1019. 1021. 102S
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue
GOOD firewood for sale cheap. Risdon Iron
Works, cor. Howard and Beale sts.
* LOT machine, chop tools. lathes, planers, shap-
ers. etc; also wood-working tools, such as
' band eaws, wood planers, shapers, stickers,
mortlsers. saws, etc J. B. JAR DINE. 220
Fremont st.
A NETV system of buying diamonds, watches,
ee&lfkins. trunk*, valises, etc. is being In-
augurated at the Portland Loan Offlce, 15
Pl.2r.ktcn £'. AU you need is a very email
deposit
RETIRING from business; we are selling out
our stock of pictures, frames, moldings at a
reduction cif half off; must close out every-
thtng by Dec. 13. JONES & CO.. TM Larkln.
A-Buis, e«Us or rents Rear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, -water pipes, shafting-, pulleys,
etc. TTHTTELAW. 23-255 Epear st.
FTRST-CLAKS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KP.OGH MFG. CO..
H-17 Stevenson St.. near First. .. ;..
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Estate of "W. * A.
Hartter; a full line of photo supplies, grapho-
phones, records, etc. Rin. £12. Examiner bldg.
• FIVE suits J10: dress pants, n 73. MISFIT
\u25a0y£LOTHIN« PARLORS, 487 Montgomery st.
jf— $3 10 DERBY snd Fedora hats, $1 TS. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 230 Kearny t>t, near Pine.
CHEAP— 4 lip. gasoline engine, steam pump, 1
saw arbor, all kinds tools. 64< Mission st
LAUNDRY machinery, new and second hand,
for sale. 526 and CS. Bryant st
I HP. boiler and ( bp. automatic engine; com-
plete, perfect. H. S. WHITE, 616 Mission st.
HEADQUAHTERS Icr trunks, bags and dress
eult cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 EUU st
BAR outSta. showcases: all lengths and sices.
JACOB 6CHTVERDT. 821 Miaslon st
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery et
CASH register (Hallwood): brand new; JE5: re-
cuctlon. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California, st
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo bults. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
BOATS, launches, rewboats carried In stock.
BAKER &: HAMILTON.
JEWELRY for sale and made to order. T.
FEKSHT/..ND, 12t gearny et. room tt.
MAGIC lac'iems. new and 2d-hand moving plo-
tures. BCLLARD A BRECK. 131 Post st
GASOLINE engines, all siies, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E, DOAK, 611 Mission st
SAFES— New and second band. THE HER-
MAN' SAFE CO.. 417-C3 Sacramento st
ENGINES and boiler*: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKS, 13 Beale st
f FAIRBANKS' l»-ton hay scale; Jeweler's eteel-
] lined safe, perfect order. 218 California st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 j>aeee, sent to any address la the
United States cr Canada one year for $1,
postage pa.ia.
MISCELLAJfEOTDg WANTS.
WANT to rent or lease for 3 months, a, gaso-
line launch. Address N. B., 82S Montgom-
ery st. room C17.
GENTLEMAN wishes typewriter in good con-
dition. Box 1956. Call offlee.
WANTED— Second-hand upright Diano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 17M Market at
TILTOX wtists good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Bth st; teL Folsom 2S21.
MO*VE Y TO LO A3T.
AA-MANH ATTAN LOAN COMPANY^'
- (309,000 at « per cent In rums to suit City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgagee, life Insurance & securities. T^»"i
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests In
- real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. TeL Red 6024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
fA NEW idea in the money-lending business Ik
being trii.d by the Portland Loan Office. 25
Stockton et. ; phone Bush 4S4. If you need
money pione us and the manager of our
loan department -will call on you and loan
you mon<-y at low rates on your diamonds,
watches, sealskin*, etc. or else you can call
at our or'-flce. All business confidential.
ANT AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate..
r Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Oet my urzns before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st., room 3 ..........
tiiU'/i— EASTERN capital to loan at low rate
on California, securities, first or second mort-
gages, cliy or town properties, undivided In-
terests in real estate, legacies, etc, also first-
class ranch property; will loan a* high as 71
per cent of real value. W. L. HARPER. ZH
Parrott building.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgagee, estates in pro-
bate, interest In estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 18,
let floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN MURPHY. «03 Examiner building—
S5.GOO.000 at 6% or less In Urge sums; loans
on eecond mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and plzes. If rour prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you need more money
eee HEB.MAN MURPHY. €03 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition; any amount; C per cent on
mortgage, estates, undivided interests ; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN.
Adams frullding. 206 Kearny st.. room 814.-
HELIABLE corporation, established 1865 proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest
t Grant ire., near Market et.; tel. Black 5471.
BIGHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low.
ect rates. Baldwin Jewelry etore, SIS Market
et.; tel. Main 16U. Branch 1» Third st.
A MILLION at 4 per cent; smaller amounts at
6; city or farm property; long time: state
unount <Je«ired and location of property. P.
O. box 237*^
lTCXICIPAL Loan Offlce. 10S Grant are., aes>r
-jGeary et.; phone Red 1603.
'ON' real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rt.tes. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
(ZOO.OOO AT 6 per cent In sums to suit in city:
S15C.000 0:1 large ranches at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgages at S per cent per
annum. MORRELL. €09 Examiner building.'
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc, by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room i, Coneervatory : bldg.,* 201 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
qu'.ck; lowest Interest; eaey terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market «t.. room 88.
LOANS cri pianos, furniture without removal,
libraries, goods in warehouse, etc.; any amt;
lowest rates; prlv. Onnsby. 26 Montg-.offlce 7.
t% on furniture and pianos; SIS up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room SI, C Eddy st.
Lowest rales, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commls. ; confidential. Whltehead, 1706 Market.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. US McAllister St.
ONE per cent on furniture: tZ a month on each
HOCO; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. L
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RCDELL. ZZI Sanscme St.
Or* SALARIES without indorser; other propo-
tf^ons^a F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
£l\ : TOURLEY Company: loans and" dTST
counts. 321 Parrott building.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
SUjz. Western Loan Co., 30$ Phelan bldg.
> •':'\u25a0\u25a0 -ROOMS iAXD .BOARD. ; - _
THE CECILERNE. . 930 , Van Ness ave.* . '
BOARD . and room' for. two - In ' elegantly fur-
nished home; billiard. room and telephone. 25
Baker at. -, -, ':' ~ : .''..- \u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0: \u25a0\u25a0 . ; =- \u25a0; \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0' -. :,' :
THE CORBIN, 836 Sutter st— Rooms single and
, en suite; private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
cellent 'table.-- ;\u25a0--• • • • .-,....-.
HOTEL Las Palmas ,1820 Market— Suite 2 or 8
- rooms; bath; board .optional;- single rooms.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists. \u25a0
O'FARRELL,' 605 (Johnson House)— Exception-
ally fur.' suites; beautiful gmds; table board.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
P family. hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms. .
SUNNY bay-window, room, with board : for 1
or 2 ladles, .reasonable." . 237 Eleventh st
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
REFINED lady with \u25a0 a child j 10 years old de-
sires board in private family; reasonable;
state price; vicinity of McAllister. Franklin,
EIH3 and- Hyde sts. Box 1706, Call onlce.
YOUNG man desires room and board In Protest-
ant I family, north of , Market ; - not too far
. from business center; can furnish best of ref-
erences. Box 1599, ; Call . of flee. /. .
WANTED-^Room and board In" private family
for an old lady: not : to exceed $15 per month.
Address MRS. M. PAUL, 453 Ellis st. City. .
GERMAN couple wants "Aboard and I lodging
acrosB the bay In plain family.- 916 Capp'sf
RUPTURE SANITARIUM. .
RUPTURiT cured at HUNTER' S S ANITA-
RIUM .1206 Market st; treatment free; gonly
invention in the world that will not torture.
• j SPECIAL NOTICES. - -^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
DISEASES and aliments of men treated: con-
sultation free. American dispensary. 514 Pine.:
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed.. Chas. Plambeck.1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought sold, rented, exchanged; re-
• pairing; lowest rates.Tei. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought »old, rented, exchanged; re-
pairlng slowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE] rAND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
ofnce-Post tind Powell -sts.; tel. • Main 6713.--
GOLDEN WEST Storaice Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st; tel. Howard 941. . F. W. ZEHFUS3.-
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 231. f
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st;
tel." Main 1840: shipping at cut rates. '-
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIEg.
G^EATrBXRGAiNS I Tn"^P^w1rITER&— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. • The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 256.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert-
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 203 Sansome.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
- The \u25a0 following marriage licenses - were Issued
yesterday: .•
Bur Estes. . 21, Mill Valley, and Flora Col-
lins, 18. Sydney, Australia,
Andrew Eriksen. 39. 604 1 Second street and
Catherine Galvin, . 32, 21Z Perry street'
Walter J. Ballard, 28, Sacramento, and Lil-'
Han- W.'Manderson, 24, city.
Gluseppl Basoiao, 27, 1404 Dupont street and,
Lena Perole. 15. 1417 Kearny street
Augustine Enos Jr., 20. Honolulu, and Mamie
Veado, 19, 2408% Sacramento street.
Solomon D. Ayoob, 21, 424 Vallejo street and
M&ey A. Ayoob, 18, 424 Vallejo street.
George Holt,' 35, Fort Bragg, and Annie L.
Sanderson, 20, Fort Bragg. . • • -
' William Gamble. CO, Elmira, Cal., and Au-
gusta B. Potts, 35, Sacramento. , -. .
John F. Lyons, 26, 1356 Alabama street and
Mary Collamore, 20,' 307 Jones street.
Howard Black, 29, . Palo Alto, and Ajrnes E.
Whitney, 25, city. • \u25a0
Morris Berlant, 24,. 1608% Folsom street, land
Ida Polonsky, 19, 317 Ninth street.
Shannon Crandall, 30, Los Angeles, and
Katharine W. Whitney, 24, city.
Charles T. Nelson, \u25a0 36, Androus Island, ? and
Mamie B. James, 25, city. - .
BIRTHS— MARBI&6ES— DEATHS
Birth, 'marriage and death notices sent : by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with .the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to' have the same published. ; !j
'.;.': .7: .-.:-V- J "-\u25a0.'. -'-V
CUNNINGHAM— In Vallejo, October 27. 190L.
to the wife of Captain J. H. Cunningham, a
daughter. . . ' < '
NELSON— In this city. October 23, 1901, to the
wife of A.- A. Nelson, a son. \u25a0 \u25a0 -,' •
• MARRIED."
GAMBLE— POTTS— In this city, October 29,
1901, by the Rev. John Stephens, William
• Gamble of Elmira, .Cal., and Augusta B.'
Potts of Sacramento,- Cal. \u25a0 \u25a0 ' \u25a0
HOLT— SANDERSON— In this city, \u25a0 October 29.
1901, by the Rev. John- Stephens, George Holt
and Annie L. Sanderson, both of Fort Bragg,
Mendoclno County, Cal. " .
McCAMPBELL— MOSELEY— In this city, ! Oc-
tober 28, 1901, by the Rev. John: Stephens.
\u25a0 Tyre R. McCampbell of Cincinnati, Ohio, and
" Emma EstellaMoseley of Sonora, Cal.
SCOTT— GRAHAM— In this city, October 28,
1901, by the Rev. John Stephens, John Scott
and Madeline S. Graham, both of Los Ange-
les, Cal. • :
WILLIAMS— MORRISSEY— In Santa Cruz,'Oc-.
tober 23, 1901, by. the Rev. Father McNamee,
assisted by the Rev. Father Hennessey, Wil-
liam F. Williams and Mary Margaret Mor-
rlssey, both of Santa Cruz.
" TvrETO.
Agar, John' E. Morell, A, J.
Ahrens, Lou C. Morrison. Elizabeth
Black, Ellen, I O'Donnell, Jane
Buck, Nettie D. - . O'.Toole, Hugh . .-.
: Bruml, M. Raymond, Henry
Clark.' George R. . ' Rlordan. \u25a0 Timothy J.
Eastman, \u25a0 Mattie \u25a0 Robertson, David ; •
Fischer; Virginia- H.' Robinef Eugene . .
Fletcher, Edward N. Stevenson, Eva
\u25a0 Fails, Jessie L. . •" • Svetlnlch, John
Hallmeyer, Chaa. G. Sweeting, Georre W.
Haskell, Chauncey O. Thomas, Maggie . ,--
Hattan, Francis V. Towey, James
Keller, John Tyrrell. Annie j
Kelly, Henry W. Volgt, Rudolph E.
Lyons, Timothy Wetmore, Elbert B.
Manchester, Geo. W. Wieboldt. Herbert E.
AGAR— In this city, October 28, 1901, John Ed-
ward Agar, a native of Washington, D. C,
aced^77 years. ' ". " . >
(E^Frienda are resDectfully invited . to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock, at his. late residence, 324
- Bartlett street. Interment private, Laurel
Hill Cemetery. .
AHRENS— In this city, October Z9,~ 1901, Lou
C. Ahrens, beloved daughter of Charlea P.
\u25a0 and the late Louisa Ahrens. sister of Ber-
tha Ahrens, and niece of Mrs. H. Hartman
and J. G. Klemm. a" native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years 6 months and 13 days. \u25a0 . r .
« [E^Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
' at the funeral parlors of Charlea H. J. Tru-
man & Co.. 318 Mason street between. O'Far-
rell -and Geary. ;\u25a0*,-:.'; . -,
BLACK— In this city, • October 27.' 1901, Ellen,
wife of John Black, and mother of Mrs. Wil-
liam J. Black, a native of Ireland, aged 65
: years. .- . - • ; •'\u25a0•\u25a0".\u25a0-.- "\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0- L .'"
3 I lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend \u25a0 the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty •& Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street ; Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BUCK— In" Pasadena." October 29, 190L Nettie
D., beloved daughter ij of John . A. J and the
late Matilda E. Buck, and i sister. of Emma
. M., Charles H., John A. Jr.. Walter E. and
Viola M. Buck, I a native of San Francisco,
ased 28 years.! \u25a0 : . -.;\u25a0 • -\u25a0•.-•' .:.-.\u25a0.
BRUML-rln Iockford, Cal., M. Bruml, be-
loved husband of -Lena Bruml, and father of
Julius and Henry Bruml and Emllle Daly, a
native of Austria, aged 77 .years. .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. ;
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) ° •
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, M*r. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
• •".'• Telephone 'South 80. l : .. -\u25a0. '
Mt. Oli vet Cemetery,:
' • ' '... ' \u25a0'. San Mateo County. '- \u25a0'\u25a0 _\u25a0'"_'\u25a0> . ;
OFFICE. »lft; MARKET STREET.'
* •\u25a0 J. HENDERSON, Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. I
' >Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers'/ Association ; M. J.-
McBrearty/" with the same company for 10 ;
: years; P. F. Green," late with . J. \u25a0 C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have, opened new \u25a0\u25a0 Funeral Par-
lors at lOTMlssion street. 'between. Seventh'
.and Eighth... Telephone South 44. ,. ... KJSJ&
CREMATION /
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
: :PointLobosaye..S;P., Cal. ,
'•' The • ordinance I prohibiting '\u25a0. burials in* ; San
Francisco after, the first day of August -1901.*
does not refer to \u25a0 CREMATION. 1 Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing less harmful : to the ; living than the
ashes .of their \u25a0 dead. .->' a» . ; :' :
- Permits > to cremate will : be"; Issued .by the
Board. of Health the same as heretofore. -::-\u25a0
- GEORGE ' R. f FLETCHER, Manager. ' '
CLARK— In Oakland, October 29. 1901. George
.Reeves Clarke Jr.. son of Mr. ; and Mrs. .
t George Clark, aged -3 months and .15, days.;
S E^Frlendss and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-dav
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from 77 Valley
street, Oakland. . Interment St. Mary's Ceme-,
tery. . - .-. ••„..-. \u25a0 .-,.--\u25a0 - • \u25a0 - •:•
EASTMAN— In Lincoln, Cal., October 28, 1901,
Mattle Eastman (nee Close), beloved wife of
Brice M. Eastman, a- native of California.
ICT Funeral private to-day (Wedn«sday>, at
3:20 o'clock, from the parlors of the Califor-
nia Undertaking Company, 405 Powell street,
near Post. "'\u25a0\u25a0: !-,* >".•" \u25a0 =\u25a0 ' \u25a0 '•
FISCHER— In "this city. October 18, 1901. Vlr-
'nla. Hayden Fischer, dearly , beloved wife
of the late Emll A; Fischer^ and beloved
. mother of Eugene E. Fischer. Mrs. Samuel
McCartney and , Mrs. Ha'ttie Christieson, _ a
- native of Kentucky, aged 71 years. 4 months
and 11 days. \u25a0. \u25a0- ". ...
\u25a0 E7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited- to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Mission Ma-
' sonic Hall. 2623 Mission street, where serv-
ices will be held by Mission Chapter of East-
ern Star. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Remains at her late residence, 2008% Union
street. \u25a0 ' - •\u25a0 \u25a0 : •
FLETCHER— In Oakland. October 28, 1901, at
18 Chase street, Edward Nelson, husband of
Mary Fletcher,' and- brother of- William
Fletcher, Mrs. W. J. 'Clark, .Albert Neukom
and the - late . Lizzie Neukom, a native or
Ohio, aged 35 years. . :. . \u25a0 • .
E7"Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday). . at 1 o'clock, at_hls
late residence, 18 Chase street West Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
FAILS— In this city, October 28. 1901, Jessie
L., beloved daughter of Augusta Abbott and
the late Joseph Fails, and sister of Hattle
Fails and Mrs. P. H. Buchhola. a native of
Arizona, aged 17 years 6 months and 11 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFaddenT McBrearty.- & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where a requiem maBS will be celebrated for
the repose of her sour at 9 - o' clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HALLMEYER— In this city, October 28. 1S01.
Charles G. Hallmeyer, beloved husband of
Mlchaela M. Hallmeyer, a native of Ger-
many, aged 35 years 11 months and 26 days.
HASKELL— In this city, October 28, 1501.
Chauncey O. Haskell, beloved brother of Ed-
ward Wilder Haskell.' a native of Vermont
aged 77 years 11 months and 26 days. \u25a0 ;
* (CT The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles H. J. Truman St Co.. 318 Mason
street between O'Farrell end Geary. . : .
HATTAN— In Oakland, October 29, 1901, Fran-
cis Valentine, husband of Hattle V. Hattan,
" a native of Maryland, aged 67 years 8 months
: and J5 days. - . - . \u25a0 . "
KELLER— In this city, October 29, 1J01. John
Keller,, a native of Ireland, aged E8 years.
KELLY— In this city, October 28. 1901, Henry
W. Kelly, beloved husband of the late Jen-
nie -Kelly, and father. of Francis W... Ara-
bella M. and the late Alice L. Balrd. a na-
tive of Connecticut, aged 55 years 11 months
and 23 days. svf--t ? -. ' . \u25a0' •
E7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2623 Folsom street Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
LYONS— Drowned In San Francisco Bay, Oc-
tober. 27, .1901. Timothy, dearly beloved ton
of Annie and" the late Timothy \u25a0 Lyons, and
beloved \u25a0 brother of Thomas, James, Joseph
and David Lyons, Mrs. D. Coleman and the
• late John Lyons, a native of San Francisco,
aged . 20 years and 20 days.
\u25a0 (C7" Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral , to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother, 4 Moulton street, oft
Buchanan,- between Greenwich and Lombard,
thence to St. Brlgld's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MANCHESTER— In. this city, October 23. 1901.
George W. • Manchester, a i native • of Ohio.
aged 69 years 6 months and 3 days. - 1
1 CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
Of Valente. Marlnl & Co., 1524 Stockton
street, thence to Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MORELL— In this city, October 27, 1301. A. J.
Morell, husband or the late Henrietta Mo-
rell, and father of Mrs. Henrietta M. Cox, a
native of New York, aged 84 years and 6
EJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to \u25a0 attend- the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 13 o'clock.- from Pioneer
Hall. Fourth street near Market Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. : -\u25a0 .
MORRISON — In Vallejo, October 28, 1901.
Elizabeth, beloved wife of the late James
Morrison, and mother of Andrew, John and
the late William Morrison. Mrs. • May Ses-
sareeo and 1 Mrs. -Lizzie Silva. a native of
County Derry, Ireland, aged 73 years 5
months and 4 days. * • »\u25a0
[C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the, funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 338 Pennsylvania street, Vallejo.
' . Interment Carquinez. Cemetery.
O'DONNELL— In thl3 city, October 29, 1901,
Jane O'Donnell. relict of the late Rodger
O'DonneU. a native of County Donegal, Ire-
' land, aged 80 years. . »
O'TOOLE— In thia city. October 28^ 1901; Hugh,:
beloved husband of Catherine O'Toole. and
father of the late Hush O'Toole, Mrs. E. E.
6haw, -Mrs." C.-Ar Woods, -Mrs.- E. Harvey
and John O'Toole. a native of County Gal-
way. Ireland, aged 74 . yeare. (Sydney and
Melbourne papers please copy.) « .
(EjrFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 :SQ o'clock, from his late
residence, 710% Clementina street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church for services. Interment
• Holy ; Cross Cemetery. . \u25a0 \u25a0
RAYMOND— In thia city, October 18, 1901.
Henry, beloved husband of the late Natalie
Raymond, and father of Albert Jennie. Rose,
George and Sophie Raymond, a native of
Germany, aged 67 years 9 months and 1 day.
inrFuneral private to-day (Wednesday),
at 10 o'clock, from his late residence. 1623
Clay street, and thence by 11:30 o'clock train
to Hills of Eternity Cemetery for. interment
Please omit flowers.
RIORDAN— In Denver, .Colo.i October 26, 1901.
Timothy J., dearly beloved husband of Ella
Riordan,' and beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
T P. .Riordan, a native of- San Francisco. .
ICTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1415 Post street, thence to St
Mary's Cathedral. • where- a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing; • at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROBERTSON— In this city, October 27. 1S0L
David,, beloved husband of Sarah F. Robert-
son, father of David. Kitty. Willie. Sadie,
Lilly and Joe Robertson, and son-in-law, of
Mr. and Mrs. William Hisrelns, a native of
Scotland, , aged 38 years and 21 days.
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited • to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 5 Rincon avenue, thence to St
Brendan's Church, .'Fremont and. Harrison
streets, for services at 10 o'clock. Interment
• Holy Cross Cemetery. by carriages.; . •
ROBINET— In- this city, October 29. 190L Eu-
gene Robinet beloved uncle of. Mrs. N. Dim-
mer- and Mrs. V. Balmforth. a native of
France, aged 74 years 9 months and 2 days. .
OCTNotica of funeral hereafter..
STEVENSON— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, October 29, 1901, Eva Stevenson,' a na-
tive of Indiana, aged 49 years.
SVETINICH— In Nome, Alaska. October 11.
1901, John Svetlnlch, beloved brother of Pete.
Nick and George Svetlnich and Mrs. Martin
Perich, a native of Lozlsce, . Brae Dalznatia,
Austria! 1 aged 42 years. ,;
SWEETING— In the City and County, Hospital,
October 29, 1901, George William . Sweeting, a
. native of Florida, aged 64 years, j .
THOMAS— In the City and County Hospital,
October 29, 1901. Maggie Thomas, a native of
South Wales, aged 35 years. •
TOWEY— In this city, October IS, 1901. James,
beloved husband of Mary Towey. a native of
Greenock. Scotland, aged 61 years and 6
months. • ' . - ' •••"-.
fPT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), • at ' 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street
- between EiKhth and Ninth, . thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
.eoul, • commencing at 9 o'clock. .Interment
Holy Crosa Cemetery. •;
TYRRELL— In thla city, October 27, 1901. An-
nie, beloved mother -of George R. Tyrrell,
' and aunt of Hugh J. Lynch, a native of St.
Louis, Ho,, aged 47 years. .
[C?'Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend . the ' funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors" of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171
Mission street, thence to St Joseph's Church
for Bervlces at 1 . o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . ,- • . \u25a0 \u25a0 : "
VOIGT— In this city, October 27, 1901, Rudolph
E. Volgt a native of. Dusseldort, Germany,
aged 61 years. - - - , ...'.-
(n^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend • the funeral \u25a0 to-day
(Wednesday), at the chapel of Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Take 11:30 -»..m. train at. Fourth
and Townsend, streets. - : - / . .
WETMORE— In this I city, October 39. 1901.
•Elbert Edfrar, Infant son of William B. and
-. Mattle .Wetmore. aged 27 days. , \u25a0
WIEBOLDT— In; this dty^ October 29/ 1901.
Herbert Edward, dearly beloved and only
child of William and Marie Wieboldt a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 4 months and 17
: days.' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-•'-.\u25a0'-•\u25a0 ... •\u25a0 •
REAL ESTATE CITY—FOR^ SALE.
EASTON^ ELDRIDGE & " CO.; "
638 Market street
\u25a0 . I SPECIAL. .\u25a0
\u25a0- '*«. Leavenworth-st. • Flats. -' .« *
$12,600— Three elegant modern flats. 6, 6, .6 rooms
and bath, andJ rear flats, 4 rooms and
bath each, bringing in a monthly rental
of $112 60; this \u25a0 property i» modern in
every respect, desirable; well'; located
. and in demand; two f ran tages ;" must be"
seen to be appreciated.' •
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY. ' <
\u25a0 -- \u25a0 Mission st. Inside of Seventh.
$14,000— Southeast line of Mission et., near new
* -poEtofflce; frontage of 35 feet;. improve-
ments 2- houses. 7 rooms and bath each;
property in this block recently sold for
$€00 per front foot
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS. ' '
New and Modern.
$12,000— Three elegant new flats containing 6,
' 7, 7 rooms and bath; north side' of-
. street;, thoroughly modern; Just com-
pleted and renting for $120 per month,
or 1 per cent; a gilt-edge proposition:
for parties wishing a permanent lnvest-i
ment; key lot 35x137:6 feet.
, NEW MODERN HOME.
$5,750 — Up-to-date residence of 7 rooms; tiled
1 mantels, electric lighting, domed ceil-
ings, etc.; absolutely perfect and a
magnificent new home; near Halght
• and Steiner ets.; lot 25x90 feet : -,-~,
'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0] ' '\u25a0 MORRIS-AVE.- FLATS. ' '
$5,000— Four fine flats ot-4, 6 rooms each; In.
the best renting portion of this district;'-
pays $552 per \u25a0 annum; will subdivide;
lot 40x75 feet .
GUERRERO-ST. FLATS. '\u25a0'.
$3,600— Reduced from $4500; 2 fine flats of 4-5
rooms and bath each; on the best block
- of Guerrero st. and In the heart of
. the Mission warm belt; rents for $372
per annum; lot 24x105 feet ••,\u25a0 . .
: VALLEJO-ST: FLATS.
$3,S00--Two well-built flats of 4-5 rooms and
'bath each; Vallejo st, near Larkin;
always rented; and pays over 10 per
-cent per annum. • .
PAYS OVER 30 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
Only $800 cash required; 4 well-built
flats, .3 rooms each. In good condition;
modern plumbing; this is a bargain that
cannot., be duplicated. .' ... -.
MODERN MISSION COTTAGES.
AT YOUR OWN PRICE. «
\ ON YOUR OWN TERMS. :
FIVE SOLD THIS WEEK.
We have over 60 cottages In all parts
of the Mission; call and get a list.
E ASTON, ELDRIDGB & CO., .
" ' 638 Market street.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms and one of 2 rooms; 60x150;
462 Douglass st, near 21st; must be sold. Call.
after 2 p. m., or at 310 Noe st. • .' \u25a0 • \u25a0 . ,
WE have cash, buyers for Improved property.
DONNELLY & CO.. 632 Market st.
$350 EACH— Corner lots; Eugene ave.; frontage
3 streets; graded; cash or Install. 360 Jessie.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. .
BARGAINS.; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure ; % cash. . Bank of Ala.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 'BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. '
AUCTION! AUCTION'.! AUCTION'.H .
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!
AUCTION I AUCTION'.! AUCTION!!! \ '
AUCTION I AUCTION!! AUCTION'.! t
AUCTION ! AUCTION ! ! . AUCTION ! ! t
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!
WOODWARD, WATSON & : CO., .)
WOODWARD, WATSON *' CO., '.''\u25a0.
WOODWARD, WATSON &: CO., f
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.* - •
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WATSON & CO.;
'. (Successors to "William J. Dlngee.) '
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
- -" . :: \u25a0 at
AUCTION. • " -
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
. : . AUCTION.
AUCTION.
; AUCTION.
. • • Special Credit Sale 'of . •
. SS 88 S8 88 \u25a0'• i
CHOICE RESIDENCE) LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS. -
. , CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS. •
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS. . '
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
Facing West Street. i .
Market Street,
85th Street and 36th Street
SATURDAY. November 2, . 190L •
• "• • • ' • ' • At 2" p. >m. '
AT SALESROOM, 903 BROADWAY.
These lots are surrounded by new homes
and more are In course of construction.
The street work is complete. Terms only
1-5 cash; remainder in easy Installments. -
Carriages at offlce for inspection of property!'
Offlce open evenings bv appointment
Installment or flat loans negotiated for home-
builders. • . . \u25a0 1 , '.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
. TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT. '
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
For catalogues and other particulars apply to
WOODWARD, WATSON & ' CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD,' WATSON & : CO.,
"WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., .
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.. ''
(Successors to William J.: Dlngee.) •
. Real Estate Auctioneers,
' \u25a0;', . M5 Broadway, Oakland.-,' j > '
$1900— SACRIFICE for a quick Bale; comforta-
» ble modern Eastlake cattage with bath, dou-
ble bay-window, hall, . high basement and
brick foundation; lot 43x100 feet (note the
size); very sunny; half block from public
park ; 3 minutes' \u25a0 walk from Clinton station;
very select residence location; neighborhood
and surroundings the very best; street work
complete and stone walks laid; house alone
Is insured for $1750; rents for $15 per month;
must be seen to be' appreciated; never before
offered for 'sale; a special bargain and will
, etand a, close Investigation. \u25a0 - -
GEO: W. AUSTIN & CO., '.
: \u25a0 1008 Broadway.' Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS'" AKD' HOARD. 'v
TENTH, 672— Beautiful sunny rooms;, excellent
-home table; terms moderate: references. , • > ;
OAKLAND PURXITURE FOR. SALE.;
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa the
3 furniture dealer; 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
MONEY WASTED.;
TO, Montezuma stockholders— Wanted, to bor-
row $750 on 15.000 shares of Montezuma stock,
at 1 per cent a month. Address box 1963,
Call office.
INSTRUMEXTS.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second hand, is the largest
west of Chicago and includes the most re-
liable makers to . choose from. - New pianos
sold upon easy payments of $6 per month;
eome good pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month.
EHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter st».. San. Fran-
cisco ; corner Broadway and Thirteenth- et.,
_Oakland. ; . .. . . -
ATTENTION, BARGAIN HUNTERS—
Second-hand uprisht pianos from $55 up. -
Becond-hand square pianos from $50 up. ' -
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16 to M O'Farrell. Chickertng. Mt-
eon and Hamlin, Vose, Sterling pianos.
AN unusual chance to get a good piano for a
low price is offered any one who will call on
us at once; we will show how you can save
from J1C0 to $150 in buying from us; we want
your patronage and are willing to pay for it.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
ket et. ' \u25a0
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co., sole agents most famous and oldest Amer-
ican makes: easy payments: big allowance for
second-hand pianos; rents $2 up allowed; bar-
gains, $25 up; Steinways, S1S5; Chlckerings,
\u25a0 $135; 50 others; agents warned. 217 Geary st
ANY Diano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lcwed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KCHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st; e»tabllshed 1850.
A SMALL Weber upright. $125; elegant walnut
case. Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck,
oak case; Hardman square, $15; organs, $25
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth st, IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON, Agents.
A FACT worth remembering is this, you get
your money's worth when you buy a piano
from us; we sell the famous Decker & Son
and Baumeister: cash or payments. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos In storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st
PIANOS — The most modern and up-to-date;
Steck. Everett Conover, Packard, Ludwlg,
Hart/nan and many others; wholesale and re-
tall. The Wiley B. Allen Co., 933 Market st,
S. f . ; (Branch Store. 951 Broadway. Oakland).
HANDSOME 3-pedal upright; used 6 months;
sacrifice; leaving city. 502 Eddy, cor. Hyde.
NEW piano, pianola and music on sale; great
bargain; party going away. 217 Geary st '
STEINWAY upright second-hand, wanted, for
cash; state price. Box 1939, Call office. 1
$25— HERTZ piano; good for practice; Schaffer
upright nearly new, $99. 217 Geary st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers,, old ..and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
EOHMER, Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,
Epielmann pianos. 308 Post et. .
GOOD second-tand upright for sale cheap.
ECHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.
ELEGANT piano as pood as new; standard
' make; a sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE"S. 22 Turk st'. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. E60 Hayes.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 36 pages, sent to any address in the
United States cr Canada one year for $1.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET. j
A— ELEGANT corner. store, new complete fix-
tures, grocery and bar. 939 McAllister st
ROOM, light phone; suitable for designer or
card writer; »5. Inquire 1008 Mission st.
OIL. \u25a0•
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order;* all
sizes : cheap. H. B. WHITE. 616 Mission St.
PALMISTRY.
hTVeROME FOSELLlTscTenUflo " palmist, 515
Taylor St.. bet Geary and Post; tel. Black 661.
NEERGAARD, president St Germain College,
reads from 1 to 6. 700 Post; phone Hyde 293S.
PAIM'EHS AM) DECORATORS.
3. C. ROMAINE, 640 "STgV ave.: phonTpolk flST
best quality work; lowest prices, get figures.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED — Partner who understands bees. Par-
tlculars address Adam Miller. Vallejo. Cal.
— .. PERSONALS. ;,-;-./„
INDIAN baskets. Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought NAT RAPHAEL, 1W Geary
st, largest curio etore In America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upward.
1 AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der, $12; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Mar-
ket et, between Seventh and Eighth.
MRS. BRIGGS, dermatologist — Superfluous hair,
moles, other facial blemishes permanently re-
moved without pain or scars by the latest
electric appliances. 96S Sutter; t«l.« Larkln 3171.
ONE BOTTLE of Plnus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 CO per bottle. For circulars. Plnus Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia St.. S. F.; tel. Church 157L
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel,. 44 Third st, near Market; 700 rooms;
2So to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic offlce. 1021 Market st. near Sixth.
THE latest \u25a0 fancy styles of \u25a0 halrdreesing for
parties 25c; one price only. G. LEDERER.
123 Stockton st
ADELINA PATH'S Beauty Cream. Secret of.
continual youth; 60c. postpaid; free demon-
stration: come and see us. Bon-Ton. 824 Post.
McCABE*S Detective Agency handles' all leglti-
mate detective business. Emma Spreckels
bldg., rooms 223-324, S. F.; teL South 381.
AT cash prices; ladles' tailor-made suits, coats,,
silk walets, trimmed hats,- skirts, etc. ; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth at.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway-
FOR sale cheap; a new full-dress suit; . 3t
breast. Box 14C9. Call offlce.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.B.Moore. 332 O'Farrell: send for circular.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
sklns. Box 1205, Call offlce. ' - • -
Superfluous hair removed free for 1 week by
elec. needle. Dr. Lula Brooks. Mission & 16th.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher; translations. E13 McAllister st.
LACE curtains cleaned for 35c per flair "^d up.'
1277 Mission st; phone Folsom 2528.
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do it: all druggists; phone Pine 2336.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.,733 Market
£00 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 60; dress pants. $2 60.
. Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OBESITY cured: no dieting; no weakening. THE
A* VIP A CO.. 736 Valencia st, bet ISth & 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. • \u25a0 . \u25a0 .
OLD rrold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R, JENKEL. 817 Market st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address- in the,
United States or Canada one Vcar for $l|
postage paid. ' *. . - \u25a0
PLANING AND TURJflKG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing. . -Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 85 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AKD SURGEONS.
DR C ci O DONNELL-Office and residence,
1C21H Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases cf. the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WOSG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay St.: see testimonials at office, j '
\u25a0 PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies.— Office
of Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco,
Cal., October 30, 190L— Sealed proposals for
furnishing and delivering of such quantities
of subsistence supplies, delivered at sucb
wharf or such •warehouses in San Francisco,
Cal., as per circular, to be seen at this offlce,
\u25a0will 'be received here until 11 o'clock a. m.,
Tuesday. November 19, 1901, and opened im-
mediately thereafter in presence of bidders.
Specification!, general instruction to bidders
and blank form of proposal will be furnished
to established dealers on application to W. H.
BALDWIN, Major and C. S.. U. S. Army,
\u25a0 Purchasing Commissary, • •.--• .- -. \u25a0- •Verdict for Steamship Company.
HUMBOLDT BAY AND BAR, CAL.
< Notice, is hereby fiven^that the. first? class
nun buoy, ' painted red and numbered 2. off the
submersed end of South- Jetty, 'and the second
daes can buoy, painted black and numbered 3.
near the turn in North Jetty,*. Humboldt Bay,
California, which recently went, adrift, were
replaced in about their, old -\u25a0 positions Octo
ber 26. • T— \u25a0-:\u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0 . ..
Notice la also hereby -given that the outside
bar bell buoy, \u25a0 Humboldt Bar. Is . disabled — th,e
bell'doFB hot line.- xt will be replaced as soon
as practicable.
This notice affects the List' of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901. page SO.
- By order of the Lighthouse Board. \u25a0 '
'J. B.-MIL.TON. Commander. U. S. N.
. • Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District. '
Office United States Llshthouse Inspector,
:: ' Twelfth district,
. SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 20. 1001.
Notice to Mariners.
The traveling passenger agents will ar
rive, in. this. city on November . IS, and
will be royally entertained during their
stay. .......
At th© close of the convention In Los
Angeles, the railroad men, in a special
train composed of ten cars, will be taken
to Coronado. At this resort special prep
arations have been made for their enter
tainment, including a. grand ball on No
vember 14. •
J. I>. Isaacs, assistant engineer of the
maintenance of way department, will have
supervision over all matters relating to
inspecting and renewing truss briages.
W. W. Slater is - appointed signal engi
neer. Questions coming under his juris
diction will be. taken up directly with
managers and engineers of maintenance
of way. " y . .
. The twenty-ninth annual convention ot
traveling passenger agents, which opens
at Los Angeles November 12, promises
to be a big affair this year. One hun
dred and fifty delegates from all parta
of the United States will be present.
A reception committee from this city
will go as far as Williams, Arizona, to
meet their distinguished guests. A spe
cial car composed of a reception commit
tee from* Los Angeles will also meet them
at .,, th . e Bame Place. The railroatf men
will be taken through the Grand Canyon
of the Colorado and then through Cali
fornia and shown all the joints of in
terest. • . . ' - w .. .. :
A circular was distributed throughout
the -"yellow bunding", late yesterday ait
ernoon^ announcing that G. JT. Kichard
son is appointed auperintendeiit of trans
portation of the company's lines. In ad
dition to the duties heretofore performed
by; him • as master of transportation he
will ?, exercise general supervision over
through passenger and freight schedules,
movement of througn passenger and fast
freight trains and tne distribution of
equipment. \u25a0 • '
Charles M.Hays, formerly president of
the Southern Pacific Company, accompa
nied; by his. wife and daughters; left last
evening for the Eaet in a special car.- Mr.
Haya .wUl^ leave his family at St. Louis
and journey on to New York. •
What his plans are when he reaches
Gotham are .not known, but it is sup
posed that he will make arrangments . to
assume the management of some Eastern
road. President Hays spent a busy after
noon yesterday in . this city. His last
adieus were said to Acting President
Kruttschnitt before leaving San i'ran
clsco. , ,
•. \u25a0 — — » — — \u25a0 \u25a0 .
\u25a0 \u25a0..-..\u25a0.
Great Preparations Being
Made to Entertain Rail- "
road Men. U
Refuses to Talk of His
Plans for the •
HAYS LEAVES
FOR NEW YORK
Steamer Movements.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
• Times and v Heights -of High ..and' Low
\u25a0 Waters at Forr Point entrance \u25a0- to Ban
. .Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. . :
NOTE— The, high and . low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five- minutes -later than, at Fort Point;
the 'height ot-tide istthe-same~at both places.
» WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER: 30. : ' .
Sun rises .'....'....'....,..6:32
Sun sets ..;......'............ ..6:14
Moon rises... ..'.....'.8:06 p. m.
\u25a0 Time ITlme ' \u25a0 Time t • Time
Dato Ft. — Ft. Ft. Ft.
, HW L W H W • L W
wT.. 1:5S 6.0 6:34 2.7 12:45 , 6.2 7:41 —1.0
KL .. '2:56 '4.9 '7:30 -2.9 1:38 6.0 8:39—0.7
1... 3:58 4.9 8:36 3.2 2:S6 5.5 9:38—0.4
3 .. 4:55 5.0 10:00 3.2 8:46 5.2 10:40 0.0
8... 6:51 5.3 11:24 2.8 6:02 4.9 11:38 . 0.4
4 ... ' 6:44 5.3 12:40 2.4 6:23 4.5...
• L W • H W L W • H W
g ... 0;34 0.8 7:30 6.5 '1:41 1.9 7:40 4.4
\u25a0 NOTE — In the above exposition of tha tides
tho early morning tldeB are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives tha last tide of th<»
day, except when -there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs, Tha heights given are in ad
dition to the soundings of the United States
•Coast Survey , Charts except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the. height, and; then the number
given, Is subtracted from the depth given by the
'charts. \u25a0 The, plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters.
. . . TO ARRIVB. .
Steamer. From. . . ) Due.
Robt; Dollar.. Seattle and Hadlock... Oct. . 30
Corona San Pedro' & Way Pts. Oct. 30
G. Dollar....... Grays Harbor Oct. 30
Edith Seattle .....:/... ........ Oct. 30
North Fork..-.. Humboldt Oct. Bo
Alameda.:...;. Honolulu Oct Si,
Despatch....... San Pedro Oct. 31
Crescent City. Crescent City Oct. 31
Sesostrls....... Seattle Oct. 31
Santa Kosa.... San Diego & 'Way Pts. Oct. 31
Feint Arena... Point Arena'............ Oct.' 31
Iaqua.,.. Humboldt" .: Oct. 31
San Pedro..'... San Pedro .............. Nov. 1
J. S. Kimball.' Seattle and Tacoma.... Nov. 1
Columbia ' Portland and Astoria.. Nov. 1
Kalnier Seattle & N. .Whatcom Nov. 1
Prosreso.....;. Seattle Nov. 1
Washtenaw.,;. -Tacoma Nov. 1
Pomona.......; Humboldt ...... V Nov. 1
Mandalay. ...... Coqullle River.;.. ....... Nov.- 2
Noyo. Humboldt : Nov. .2
Santa Barbara San Pedro ........'.'. Nov. 2
Kurekn. ,..;..., Humbbldt ;........; Nov. 3
Umatllla....... Puget. Sound Ports.,;. Nov. 3
Newport....... Panama & Way \u25a0Ports Nov. 3
State of Cal... San Dlepo.ft "Way Pts. Novl 5
Ventura. ....... Sydney & Way Ports.. Nov. 4
Maria :.. Nanalmo \u25a0 Nov.' 4
Peru .-....•..•..;.. Valparaiso :&-Way Pts. Nov., 5
G. "W*. Elder... Portland and Astoria. -. Nov. 6
" : '\ ; . ' •'*• .":\u25a0_*••\u25a0,"•\u25a0••• -tq sail; '.;•.-.-•,;; \u25a0"•; '.
~ '' Steamer.-'; j ".'^Destination. -.-" ISa.Ua. Pier.
• \u25a0'-\u25a0.\u25a0.. October -30.. :;.; _ \u25a0
Eequola....... Humboldt 12. v mPier 2
Czarina Seattle '& Tacoma. 5 pm Pier S
Alliance Portland & C. Bay 8 am Pier 16
State of Cal.-. San Diego- & Way. 9 am Pier 11
G. W. Elder.: Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
.- .v - <. October. 81.: :
Leelanaw..,. N.-T.. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 10
Kurtka....;.. Humboldt ........... 0 am Pier 13
•A-reata ..'; C. Bay & Pt Orford 10 am Pier 13
iCitybfPekln China & Japan.... lpmPMSS
Rival......... Willapa Harbor.... ,5 pm Pier S
\u25a0 "< •\u25a0•\u25a0 ; -'•: \u25a0 '„\u25a0 . 'November' . 1.': • •\u25a0
San Pedro... Humboldt ....'..:.'.'. 10 am Pier J
Despatch..... Seattle, direct ....... 6, pm Pier 16
;G. Dollar...... Grays Harbor .:.. 5 pm Pier 2
.'."\u25a0'.\u25a0>\u25a0. ' ":.. 'ICoTember^S. 1 '. -,.
laqva......... Humboldt. S pm Pier —
Santa Barb.. Humboldt^.. ........ 10 am Pier t
Alameda..... Honolulu...."".....;. 2 pm Pier '7
•Wall»,Walla. Puget Sound. Ports 11 am Pier : »
North Fork.. Humboldt : .'..-. * am Pier 1
American.".;.- •Honolulu'"..r.:;:;;r. ...r;.; pier 20
Corona. ; ....'.. Newport s & . Way . .'. 9 am Pier -11
-Point Arena.' Pdlnt.' Arena "•::.... 2 pm Pier a
.•.\u25a0'."\u25a0••\u25a0 "November's.' . .
Pomona..."... Humboldt ;.^"....i; 1:30 p Pier »
Santa Rosa.; San > Diego & Way. 9 am Pier II
J. S.^Kimball Seattle <&. Tacoma.. ......r. Pier 2
• , November 4.' .v .
Columbia Aeteria- & -Portland 11 am Pier 24
_T \u25a0' \u25a0' \u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0' \u25a0 I?ovemher.-8.,- •
Rainier...-.-..; Seattle & N.-.Wliat. 5 pm Pier 2
.Noyo.v::;.-.;-.r Humboldt i. :...T..".. ,6 pm Pier "2
i,' . '\u25a0''\u25a0'' '\u25a0 '„ f November '6. ';':'• .' ',;' f , \u25a0 '
.State of Cal.'; j gap . Diego. & .Way. 9 am Pier 11
".':•;.\u25a0-: ; - i / | ;j, ; FROM : BBATTLK. : '- : - 1 ' •;•:";\u25a0,, \u25a0
\u25a0 *y-Btcamer.°>: I •i.-^->' i From. /,.,< . ' - \u25a0 |''Da»."<
?f^ ro ;y \u25a0•'"••"^ Skayuay & Way.Ports: Oct.; 31
« t3r S' Rattle Skaguay & .Way! Ports. Nov. 1
Humboldt.... :_, Skaguay &:Wayi Ports. Nov. S
*,* rall °n •••.... Skaguay.& Way Ports. Nov. 7
City of Topeka 8kaguay& Way Ports. Nov. Y
•oertna. ........ I.VaJdez AKodlak....... Nov. 10
stevedore on the Doric in September, 1900,
was struck by a sling load or tea and
knocked -Into the- hold - trf - the - vess«fc — He
brought suit" for damages, . allegin&r that
the steamship company had employed as
hatch tender, a man who was not capable
and ' that the Injuries ' he received in the
fall were due to the hatch- tender's lack
of experience.
Resumes : on*. December ,- 6^trl- weekly (trips
from . Ban Francisco ; for , New! Orleans and
New -York— continuing 'to "afford'the very
highest . class - ; of ' service 'and i equipment,
and .• by. far;tho most- : widely 5 interesting
winter journey across the continent
Sunset . Limited
IT was a great time for accidents on
th«. bay Monday night and yester
day morning. The barkentine Port
land was In collision with the Brit-
ish ship Lady Wentworth, the
schooner Bio Rey ran into the British
General, the French bark Edmund Ros
tand nearly went aground on the Marln
shore and the steamer National City had
to put back from sea, the mate having
broken his leg. while crossing the bar.
_A. storm, blowing at the rate of sixty
two miles, an hour, was raging at Point
Reyes yesterday. The wind was from' the
northwest and In consequence a big fleet
cejne flying in before it. In It was the
British ship Lady "Wentworth, 134 days
from Hamburg; the American barkentine
Portland, 16 days from .Tacoma; the Ger
man ship Elfrieda. 133 days from. Ant
werp; the steamship Curacao from. Mexi
can ports; : ships Oriental and Indiana
from the canneries; the British ship
Clackmannanshire, 66 days, and the
French bark Edmund Rostand, 65 days
from Newcastle, Australia; the whaling
barks Aiice Knowles, .26 days, and Charles
W. -Morgan, 32 .days from the Okhotsk
Sea. and the steamship Gaelic from the
Orient. All of these vessels had to'an
chor below Alcatraz. so there was a big
bunch of shipping off Meiggs wharf.
CKA1PTER OF ACCIDENTS.
Four Vessels in Collision and, French
Bark Nearly Grounds.
Among the first • of the fleet was the
British ship .Lady Wentwo'rth. Captain
Murchie was here eight or nine years ago
in the ehlp Peterborough I and in those
days runners were allowed to board the
ship as soon as the anchor was down.
Quite a number of the gang got "aboard
and made themselves at home in the fore
castle, where the quarantine officer found
them. Dr. Carmlchael,- was very angry
over the breach of the rules and at once
ordered the vessel and all aboard quar
antined. The runners cannot i get away,
as a -watch is kept on them, and neither
can Pilot Louie Meyer, who has to re
main by the ship.. , *
That Dart of the Lady Wentworthta
troubles came with the morning, how
ever. During. the nlgrht -while she lay at
anchor off Alcatraz the barkentlne Port
land, lumber laden and bound in from the
Sound, hove in Bight on the starboard
bow. The captain of the barkentine
thought It was a good . place to anchor,
bo he proceeded to do so. A very strong
flcod tide was running and "before the
Portland's anchors would hold she was
swept across the bow of the Britisher.
The shock was terrific and brought all
hands on deck in a hurry Tugboats were
soon on the scene and the vessels separ
ated. The Portland lost her fore rigging
on the starboard side and her fere yard
and the main rigging on the port side.
She was a.Iso badly strained and is at
present leaking- at \ the rate of three or
four Inches an hour. The Lady Went
worth was not damaged.
TTEWB OF THK OCEAN.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
r -,": : ; Shipping Merchaats.
The Norwegian steamer Horda will load lum
ber at Portland for WsnUa. 45s, chartered prior
to arrival : the schooner Mary E. ! Foster loads
merchandise for Honolulu.
The following vessels have been chartered
prior to arrival for grain to Europe:
The Bra cad ale. SEs Sd, If merchandise' 40s;
the Chehnsford. Ms Sd. If barley 38s 9d; the
Edouard Detaille, -wheat or barley, «0s: - the
Lady 'VFentwoTth, wheat. 87s 6d; the Riversdale
wheat (at Portland), 83s; the CUckmannan
phlre. wheat. »7s 6d; the Edmund Rostand,
wheat. S2s C4. .
Shipping' Intelligence.
Monday, October 2S.
Ship Indiana, Bolton, 15 days from Lorlng.
Tuesday, October 29.
Stmr City of Para, Porter. 9 dajs from
Honolulu.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr W U Kruffer, Krog. 70 hours from Til
'an:cok.
Stmr Portland, Lundqui5t. 1SV4 days frdm St
Michael, via Nome 17% -days, via Unalaska
days.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall. 63H hours from
Victoria, etc. - . r -»
Br stmr .Gaelic, Fine*, "V dayi >• hours 67
minutes \u25a0 from • Honsrkcns, via . • Yokohama 17
days 8 hours- S2 minutes, via. Honolulu t> days
8 hours 44 minutes. • - ' . \u25a0• . . - ... \u25a0 < (
Ship Oriental, 'Parker, 25 days from Pyramid
Harbor. \u25a0 . \u25a0 ; . \u25a0 -- .. , .\u25a0 >
Br ship Clackmannanehlre, Thomson, 66 days
from Newcastle. Aus. • \u25a0 .
. Whaling bark - Chas "W: Morean. Earle,'. 32
dayc from Okhotsk Sea.' • : \u25a0 . -•- >
Whaling: • bark v Alice ; Knowles, Montgomery,
26 days f from OkboUk Sea. . \u25a0 : . , . - . - .
Br bark' Edmond- Rostand, • Dieulangard, 65
days from- Newcaetle, Aus.' , \u25a0• (
Schr AnteloDe. BJorkinxren.' 1214 days from
Tlllamook. . , .' .. . . - -
Schr G -W "Watson. Lass, 17 days from Port
BlaJceley."- - • • > \u25a0, • . —
Schr Halcyon, Johneon, 10 days from Grays
Harbor. \u25a0\u25a0.... . .\u25a0 \u25a0 v . \u25a0' • \u25a0 .
Bchr. Mary 'Etta, Nyman," 15 • hours, from
Bowons • Land Ir.r. ' . -. • . .,-\u25a0-.
Sehr Newark, Cr&nrle; 11 hours from Bowens
Lcndlnc. - .- \u25a0• •\u25a0..-. . . '• . .
Schr Wm. Olsen, Borwick, 18 days from Port
Gemble, - . • .- . . ., ;
Schr. Gem, -Fergosen, 6 days from Coos Bay.
Wants Marriage Annulled.
Emma Vidal Fortado, wife of Joseph
Polycarplo Fortado, wants their marriage
annulled, alleging; in the complaint sh*
filed yesterday that Fortado was mar
ried at the time ehe became hla wife. 6ha
alleges that Fortado Is now living with
his first wife.
Schr Melancthon, Olsen, 7 dayi from \u25a0 Cooa
Bay. ' \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 \u25a0. . . ;.
SchrJ-G Wall, Anderson, 8 days from'Bu-.
rcka. • .' . . \u25a0 - \u25a0 .
Bchr Bailor Boy, Nielsen. 10 days from Grayt
Harbor. . . ;
CLEARED. . ' ,-.:
\u25a0 \u25a0 Tuesday, October 29. j •
' Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Orearon
Railroad and Navigation Co. .....
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. • . " ' . ;
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. • ' - . •
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. Seattle; ET Kruse.
Stmr Santa Ana, Strand, \u25a0 Seattle; E T. Kruse.
Br shlo Maxwell, Young, Hull; B.Clemens-
Horst Co.;- . - . . • . " \u25a0
Bark St Katherlne, Saundera, Hilo; \u25a0 Welch
& Co. • •
Bark Willacott. Macloon, New Tork^l^C
Sheldon. • «•• . .
Bark S C Allen, Johnson,- Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dlmond & Co.' v - " '\u25a0'
Bktn Amaranthe (new), Bowel, Salina Cruz;
C A Hooper & Co. —
SAILED. ~, : • -
• ' s ; • . Tuesday, Ootober 29. j
. Stmr National City, Dettmtrs, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux, Albion River.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka. \u25a0'
Stmr South Portland.- Sesxs. Seattle.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Crua, etc. '
• Stmr Empire, Macsenn, Cocs Bay. . '
Nor stmr ThyTa, . Halvorsen, HonKkong.
Bark St Katherine. Saundjrs. Hilo. , ';
Bark S C Allen, Johnson, Honolulu.
Schr Dora Bluhm, Madison, Umpqua. -', \
MEMORANDUM.
Per whaling bark Chas W Morgan— Left Ok
hotsk Sea Sept 27. Sent home 3000 lbs whale
bone ia July. Bad weather moat of passage.
Made Point. Reyea light at 6:30 p- m, Oct 28. :
Spoke whaling bark Uayhead Aug 27, with 430
bbls snerm oil. \u25a0 Saw whaling bark California
Sept IS with one right whale. Saw nothing
Eince leaving Hakodate. California, had 1000
bbls sperm oil. Oct 27 6aw whalln*: bark John
& Wiuthrop. but he could not speak us. .
MISCELLANEOUS. ... .
Stmr National City, Dettmers, hence Oct 23
for Fort Bratsr, -returned on account of mate
breaking his . leg. Returned for medical j as
sistance. :..-<, : . ... ) \
Bktn Portland, while rounding.- to, dragged
her.- anchor and collided port side on across
bow of the Br ship Lady Wentworth and car
ried away Portland's fore starboard rigging,
fore yard and port main rigging. Vessel leak
ins two or three inches per hour." No damage
to Lady Wentworth. • ,_•.>• \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 .
Bark Marlon Chilcott at Hilo. Oct 12, was
run Into by a . soow loaded with . sujrar, stov
ing In a bole about five feet above . the water .
Had. Repairs were made and vessel sailed Oct
14 for San Francisco. ;
. - COLLISION. :
Bchr Rio Rey, bound out this afternoon, Oct
29. when off Folsom-etreet wharf, collided with
Br ship British General, loaded and ready for
sea, Schooner carried away topmast, sprung
fore and main masts and had calls torn. No
damage dons the. ship.
SPOKEN. ' . .
Sept 13, lat 11 N, Ion 27 W— Br ship Cardigan
shire, hence July 12, for Queenstown.
Sept 28. lat 25 N, Ion 21 W— Fr bark Vill*
de Dijon, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Oct B. lat 4 N, Ion 81 W— Oer; bark Sae
fo-hrcr, from Antwerp, for San Franclaoo.
Oct 16, lat 18 N. Ion 118 40 W— Ger ship Slam,
from Hamburir, for Ban Francisco, • - • . .
Oct 2L lat 23 60 N, Ion 1D0 35 W— Br ship
John Cooke, hence Oct 11, for Liverpool.
. . TELEGRAPHIC. , . '
POINT LOBO8. Oct 29, . 10 p m— Weather
feggyj wind NW, velocity 20 miles per hour. .
DOMESTIC FORTH.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Oct 23— Barge
Santa Paula, in tow of tug Rescue, from East
San Pedro Oct 26, for San Francisco. -
UMPQUA— Sailed Oct 2«— Bchr Lily, for San
Francisco. ' — . •
SEATTLE— Arrived ' Oct 29— fltmr Chas Nel
son,, from Skasroay. Oct 28— Schr Gen Slglin,
from Nome. \u25a0 \u25a0 . • - \u25a0 . ' .• . . .
Sailed Oct 28— Stmr City oi Topeka, for Skag
uay. Oct 29— Russ ship Fahrwohl, for Tacoma;
at 2 p m, stmr John S Kimball, for \u25a0 San . Fran
cisco. • .
\u25a0 Sailed Oct 28— Stmr •. Discovery, for Dutch
Harbor. .-.-...
Arrived Oct 29— Ship Spartan, hence Oct 6;
Br ship Matterhorn, from Tacoma. " - '\u25a0
BALLARD— Sailed Oct 29— Schr . Stimson. for
Redondo. .... .. ' -
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr ' Homer,
hence Oct 27— schr Mable Gray, from San
Diego: echr Lottlo Carson, from San Diego;
schr Ida McKay, from San Pedro. ;
Sailed Oct . £9^Stmr , Lakme, for San ' Pedro ;
stmr. North Fork, . for'. San , Francisco. . :-\u25a0- ••
• SANDIEGOr-Sailed Oct 29— Stmr San Pedro!
for San '-Francisco.' '•,- -...,.. ,
. NEAH ' BAY— Pacaefl •. in ' Oct ' 29— Ship ' John
Currier/ hence Oct'19, for' Everett.'^ " \* :
TACOMA— Arrived:, Oct 29— Schr Expansion,
from Port Townsend.' :-• .. * . > •
FORT' BRAGG— Arrived Oct' 29— Stmr 'Ch'ico',
Hence "Oct 27." '- -' ' " ' '"• -., ,'.'•',•• • \u25a0•
PORT .GAMBLE^Arrived I Oct 29-^Schr Lud
low,' from San 'Pedro; 'schr Ida Schnauer, hence
Oct 20; • bark Ceylon. ''from Honolulu. • •- f :
\u25a0' PORT TOWNSEND— Passed inward Oct 29—
Ship Spartan, hence Oct 5, for Seattle. •»<% >.
'\u25a0'\u25a0 Arrived Oct 29— Ship Bangalore,'. from Naga
saki; bark Hernier, from Shanghai; schr Ruth
E Godfrey, from \u25a0 San ' Pedro; schr Honolpu,
from : Honoijiu." ; ' • \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'-'• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0•'<*\u25a0:\u25a0'. <.. \u25a0"••.!
- EVERETT— Arrived ' Oct 29^Shln John ! Cur
rier, hence Oct: 19. -.."•.;•.. r\ ,<--"* :\u25a0\u25a0':<
\u25a0 BOWENS ' LANDING— Sailed :\u25a0 Oct \u25a0 28-Stmr
Acme,' for San 'Pedro. Oct 29— Schr 'Ocean
Spray, . for San 'Francisco.* . "• .- . • . •\u25a0*:\u25a0 %
\u25a0 Arrived t Oct . 29 — Stmr . Luella, from ' Point
•ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 29-^FT°bark General
MUllnet, from Hamburg; Fr bark'Lamorclere,
.from Hull: Ft- bark Louis -Pasteur, .from Ant
werp; Br. ship. Riverelde,. from Liverpool;- Br
stmr Crusader,' from .-Victoria.- \u25a0.•.-.\u25a0.\u25a0'\u25a0• -t .
ArrlvedX>ct 29— Ger ship Henriette, frotrj Yo
kohama. \u25a0• "••-\u25a0,'">'.•\u25a0,'.;- ' ,- .'j :•-,;.::\u25a0• •:
, PORTLAND— Arrived. Oct 87— U,' 8 transport
Seward, from Alaska'; Br bark Barflllan/ from
Santa Rosalia. -• Oct 29— Br.sblp \u25a0 Thomliebank,
from Santa Rosalia.'-' ••,.••. -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 r . -,.
Sailed Oct 29— Br shlD'Indravelll," 1 for'Hong
kong, u. : '. '.\'..:. : \u25a0._\u25a0 - "•-\u25a0-•.\u25a0 .. >'
SAN PEDRO— Sailed .Oct 25-Sctir "! \u25a0Wempe
Bros, .for Grays , Harbor. '»...;». *- • \u25a0 r. ',-...'\u25a0
, ." , - . « ISLAND -PORTS.i ' ..... i
: HLEELB-To S sail ,Oot ; 19— Bktn Echo, for'
Astoria. ". • , • " ' '' " \u25a0 •\u25a0 " :
HONOLULU-Salled Oct 18-Schr Henry' "Wil
epn, . for Grays -.Harbor.-.": i ' : . • . ' j
...To .sail Oct . 22^-Schr - Sbokan#,> for- Puget
Sound. | Oct , 23— Bark ; Albert,^ for San ' Fran
cisco. -. \u25a0 .\u25a0 " \u25a0-..'-\u25a0'--: •-•-. . .-.-..- '\u25a0 i; \u25a0 ,:- \u25a0;- . -... , »; ;
Arrived Oct 18— Br, Btmr CRrilsle City, .from
: Yokohama. : Oct v lt—BkUi^ Jane \ L -Stanford,
from Newcastle/ Aus; 1 stmr .City of- Para,- from'
Port • Los - Angeles. • Oct. -lS-^Stmr -Alameda, 1
hence Oct 12; eohr R~C Blade, .from- Grays 'Har-
Vbr, \u25a0 Oct • 20— Ship .; E ? Starbuck. hence
\u25a0 Oct • 8: Br • Btmr' Coptic,- hence.- Oct s l5. •-' Oct; 22—'
Br ctmr : Gaelic. : from '.Yokohama: - stmr ..'Me-:
teor,' frcm-' Seatlle,' ' T >, • - •\u25a0\u25a0.' \u25a0-•.--••\u25a0'.
' Sailed "Oct 16^Br'Btmr"Carl)«le"Clty,*,(6r'Ban
Diego: -schr Irene. 'for Port : Gamble. Oct ' 17— '
Bktn Planter, . for Port' Towneend. < Oct 18-^
Bktn W H Dlmond, for San Francisco." Oct 19
—Bria;.Geneva,,for Port Townsend | stmr Call
fornlan, for New .York, via Kahului.v. Oct 20-^
Btmr. City of ; Para, for San Francisco] bktn
Robert Sudden, for Port Townsend I bktn Jano
Jj Stanford.- for Kanapa.ll. -\u25a0--- \u25a0 ;\u25a0-• \u25a0•. \
HILO-^Arrlved Oct ; 1&-Schr Comneer, ; from :
Tacoma. Oct \u25a0 14— Schr . Defender, : from • Port
Gamble. -. -.-.-,-•\u25a0.•\u25a0: \u25a0•'.:.\u25a0•-\u25a0• • - -'\u25a0-...
\u25a0 Sailed Oct ' 14— Bark Amy * Turner, ; for \ Sa'ii
Franclaeo. Oct 17— Bark Marlon ' Chilcott, for
Ban Francisco. \u25a0'.'-*:•- , .-;..- \u25a0
Sun, Moon, and Tide.
t< • : . ' '. EASTERN PORT.
NEW-YORK-Arrlved Oct 28— Stmr Alllanca.
from Cclon. '.-.•• ' .
• -- r FOREIGN PORTS.
• NEWCASTLE-Arrived Oct 16-Br ship Kln
roBa-shire, to load for San Francisco. '
VALPARAISO— In port Sept 4— Br ship Glen
lut, -for Oregon. \u25a0 . .
- NANAIMO- Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Mlneola,
from pert Lob Angeles; stmr Azteo, from Vic
toria; etmr San Mateo, hence Oct 25. •
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Arrived Oct 28— Cbll
bktn Alta, from Sydney. . \u25a0
CORONEL— Arrived Oct 23— Ger stmr Nlca
rla, from Hamburg, for San' Francisco. \u25a0 Oct
28— Br stmr Glenmoreanshlre, \u25a0 from Oregon..
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Oct 29— Stmr Sier
ra, hence Oct 3.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 28— Stmr Victoria,
for Tacoma. ' • \u25a0 . . -. ._.,-.
' .; OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 29— Stmr Cevto, for
Liverpool; stmr Kron Prlnz Wilhelm, for
Bremen, via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Sarmatian.
from Montreal, via Liverpool; stmr Astoria,
from Nev York. .\u25a0<.,.-.. . :
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr Domin
ion, from Portland. Me. ' < \u25a0 :
1 BREMEN— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr Kaiser Wil
helm der Grosse, from New York, . via Ply
mouth, and Cherbourg. .' •
CHERBOURG — Arrived Oct 23 — Stmr Graf
Waldersee, from New York, for Hamburr.
'YOKOHAMA-SB lied Oct 27— Stmr Victoria,
from Hongkong, for Tacoma. ' - •. \u25a0 • . • '
BOULOGNE-^Sailed Oct 29— Stmr Phoeni
cian, from- Hamburg, for New York. •
\u25a0 The examination will be continued to
day before Judge Heacock at ID o'clock.
Then the argument began. Heney, Mc-
Laughlin and Pillsbury dipping into the
mixture and tangle without much straJght
ening- effect. JCow and then the members
of the court would Interject questions and
advice. Heney and McLaughlin arguod
that the evidence was of so wild, chaotic
and broad a nature that they could not
meet it with certainty unless more closely
defined. Heney said that any evidence
tending- toward a conspiracy to resist the
writ of supersedeas was admissible, but
the evidence Introduced to. prove a crim
inal conspiracy which antedated or suc
ceeded the disobedience of the writ was
not material. The amicus curlae closed
the argument. He declared that the con
spiracy went to show the motive of the
contempt.
The court did not take long to decide.
The respondents' attorneys lost their ap
plication. The court will not review the
evidence or pass upon It until it is en
tirely taken before the Commissioner.
There was one reservation, however. As
the attorneys for the respondents claim
that the testimony adduced can not be
met until depositions In far-away coun
tries are taken and witnesses notified, the
court allowed them the privilege of ar
guing an application for a postponement
at some future time. \u25a0
Court Befuses to Define.
This was not the pith of the day's work,
however. It was ordered by the Judees
end agreed by the attorneys that the
question of what evidence should or
thould not be met by the respondents
should be settled once and for all at the
morning: cession. Francis J. Heney ap
peared when the court opened,' begged tha
indulgence of the court and asked for a
day longer to present the facts and evi
dence confirmatory of their position. The
three Judicial heads came together In con
ference and the time waa allowed. Mc-
Laughlln and Pillsbury had their say te
iore the order of the court was declared
The afternoon brought them all back
to the courtroom and Attorney Heney
made the first plea. He was armed with
an application that contained exactly one
dozen requests, all of which in the essence
refer to the striking out of testimony
taken before the Commissioner that sav
ors of hearsay, opinion, deduction infer
ence, argument or conclusion. Heney
based his motion on the ground that' no
conspiracy was charged or could be proved
tinder the affidavit upon which the order
to show cause for contempt was base*
that the respondent was not liable for
Judicial acts, end that evidence of other
and dissimilar and indictable crimes were
not admissible to prove motive in a pro
ceeding for -contempt. After reading of
this application Heney pullsd another
typewritten application out of his pocket
and went et his work anew, this time ask
ing the court to define the issues and flx
with some degree of certainty the testi
mony which the respondent would be re
quired to meet.
Argument on Evidence.
When the Circuit Court of Appeals con
vened in the morning the lawyers on both
sides, witnesses and the Interested public
were on hand. An argument was prom
ised. Judge AtcLa.uffhlln of Minnesota and
Francis J. Heney and Amicus Curi&e
Pillsbury being the contending parties.
But before this pouring out of • troubles
flooded the courtroom Judge Gilbert In
formed the amicus curlae that the letter
which the respondents asked for should be
produced at their request. This letter is
the one that caused so much, discussion.
It was. according: - to the claims of re
spondents' attorneys, \u25a0 sent to .Amicus
Curlae Pillsbury some time last May or
June and signed by Kenneth Jackson,
Judge Johnson and Flncke. The letter is
supposed to oontaln a request on the part
of the senders for Pillsbury to use bis
eood offices In behalf of W. T. Hume. On
Monday the court ruled that Pillsbury
should hand the letter over and reserved
the right to pass upon Its admlssibllity.
Pillsbury did the passing:. The letter will
Co in as evidence during: the taking- -of
testimony to-day.
Even the best plans miscarry before the
Circuit Court of Appeals. Francis J.
Heney, associate counsel for respondent
Judge Arthur H. Noyes, - declared, he
would go before the court and have tlia
question \u25a0which he ' asked William F.
Brltt and which the latter declined to an
swer cerUtled. Brltt, a Call -reporter, re
fused to tell Heney who wrote a certain
article which appeared In Monday's issue
of The Call. A «imil«r question had been
cusked. on Monday and the court decided
In favor of Brltt. For different reasons
Heney propounded the identical Question
and. tne examination then closed, with the
promise on Heney's part to take a certifi
cation Tuesday rooming:. The point was
& Knotty one. Heney slept on It Monday
night and decided not to force the ques
tion which still remains unanswered.
ILetter Must Be Produced. . -
The lawyers talked and the- Judges lis
tened yesterday in the Nome contempt
proceedings before the Circuit Court of
Appeals. The honors were not evenly di
vided, for when a count was taken at the
end of the day the amicus curl&e came off
the field with one signal victory, one
mooted point left In abeyance and a sln
srle defeat, the Importance of which is
doubtful.
Attorneys for Contending
;*-J Sides Must Meet All
the Evidence.
Court Will Not Define
the Issues for th©
Respondents.
NOME CONTEMPT
CASES PROCEED
THE SAN -7 FRANCISCO^ CALL, WEDNESDAY^ OCTOBER 30, 1901;
SEVERAL VESSELS BADLY DAMAGED
IN A SERIES OF BAY COLLISIONS
THE AMERICAN BAEKBNTINB PORTLAND IN COLLISION WITH . THE '* BRITISH SHIP LADY WENTWOBTH
OFF ALCATRAZ. THE PORTLAND'S ANCHORS WOULD NOT- HOLD AND THIS TIDE CARRIED HER DOWN
ON THE BRITISHER. THE BARKENTTNE WAS CONSIDERABLY DAMAGED. '\u25a0:•\u25a0 ' \u25a0 • -
, A jury. in Judge Hunt'sicourt yesterday
returned a verdict In .favor, of the defend
ants in the suit instituted by William
Jennings against the Occidental ana Ori
ental Steamship Company for $25,000 dam
ages for injuries received on the steamer
Doric. \u25a0 'Jennings, while \u25a0 •working, as a
14
'Phona Howard 102L V I
119 TAYLOR STREET.
"We absolutely guarantee everything ex-
actly a a represented. Should you have
cause lor complaint or receive {roods not
entirely satisfactory let us exchange them
or refund your money.
SEE EXTRA AT STORE.
BUTTER: C " a^^'^^ 3fr
\u25a0 UI1WI First class table but- JJb
ter.
Wednesday, Saturday.
BEST POTATOES. SACKS, 1 2-3c
BUTTED Finest Elgin Creamery. n(\m
DUl I fill Pound : j /[%
limit Thursday. Worth SOc "
PINK BEANS 9 POUNDS 25c.
CPrC G °od California Ranch. OA
uvvu Every egg warrarite<L Usu . JVO
ally 35c.
EDDY'S MUSTARD 2Sc SIZE} 15c.
WHIVTTTTC Pa P«r ShelL New, in
WALWJTS.a-sj^.ggfc 10c
Regular 15c . \u25a0 •\u25a0-
SUGAR CORN 15c TINS lOc. /
PINEAPPLE If- jfjBa ; 12#
Packed where grown. Retains* delldoua
flavor. Friday only. Usually 30c
RICE FANCY HEAD 4 LBS. 25 C
PRUNES •3s& . s .^..^^9^c
i nuuuu Ju3t ta Bright, dea^. « J «
, tender skin.
TOMATOES, BEST, 3 TINS 25c.
TEA. ALL, 75c GRADES 45c.
APPLE BUTTER, JAR 25c:
WTMCC Port or Sherry. "Asti" tr
VYmho Vineyard, i Gallon ._.. OSC
,, ,T Pure 6-year-old wine*. I UJl
rallons limit. Sample at store. Usually XL.
' HAM MONET SATURDAT NIQHT.
HAMS JSL be &5?!^.~!:i2Jc
selected. Saturday night from • to 11
o'clock. All orders taken Saturday ni«ht
delivered Monday. Why pay from 15c to
18c elsewhere?
We Pay No Rent. Own Our BaDdta*.
LACE CDRTAINS.
iKU-ge shipment Just woetved. Irish Potat,
NotUngham. . etc. Portiere* also la great
variety. We furnish your houao- oompleta,
too all at lowest prices, Call and iea b»-
fore purchasing. Just off Sixth at., ona
block from Market only. An lamMiiH
stock, of first-class goods to select from.
Free delivery to Oakland, Alaraeda and
Berkeley.
THE J. HOOHAH FURNITURE COMPACT
\u25a0 -. \u25a0 (Incorporated),
f OI 7-1 023 M !SSION STREET,
\u25a0 AbOTO Sixth, San Fnnciico.
"We close at 6 p. m. every day but Saturday
Ga R EX a £lk Rifles, ' Ammunition, rish-
9 3 5* 9 M \u25a0 lnu Tackle. Sporting, C«rt-
H a IWH ln«f Goods. I^argest St-ZV*
3 flS(Sw I Lowest Prices. Send toe'
O a m tt_J Catalogue and Job Sheet.
739 Market, .fill Kearoy
:'\u25a0\u25a0' ADVEBTISEMEUTS. _' _. . _\_ .1.
On To- Morrow and continuing all
this week we will have a special
display of
We will sHow'175 ; GHoice FEATHER' BOAS—
all new goods, just received Ijd exuress. Tliess
were made to our order and are tBe finest
aualitir of Ostrich Feathers, The colors are
Black, White, Grau, Natural, and Black and
White. The lengths are 36, 45, 54/ and- 72
inches, and the prices are sso.so, $n.oo 9
$13.50, $16.00, SIB. 50, $22.50, $25.00
and S27.5O each.
Black, White and Colored Appligue Trim-
ming, from half an inch to four inches wide.
Persian Trimmings, all widths, from three-
Quarters of ah inch to three inches, and In all
the new colorings for Fall. Black Medallion
Trimming, from one inch to three inches
wide, Black Silk and Chiffon Trimming, also
Black and White, in the different widths.
Great varietu of New Belt and Trimming 5
Buckles, Clasps and Slides, In plain and cut
steel, oxidized, jet, rhinestone and gilt.
SEE OUR MNDOWTOLAY OF ABOVE GOODS.
HI, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
DR.PIERCES
-MEDICAL. V ',- .
D1SCOVEHV
FOR THE
I BLOOD.UyER.B.UMGS.
' NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
K^5T^i ***P WASHINGTON . STS.-RE-
ro t&JSl,??* Renovated. KING. WARD &
CO- . European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 SO day
not. and : cold water every, room; fire grates In
every room; elevator, runs all night! * .
MAYERLB'S GLASSES
Can Be Used for Near ar d Far.
T^OEA\\>(^/h"5I?k ".\u25a0-"\u25a0George . Mayerle, 1071H
\^^Mtyniiv%' Market street— Dear Sir:
v^S33^^S*am> After testing your eye-
i raB^KffljSIE^^a glasses for a period of not
nMET— iLZLSr^jnr^ ~ ' ess than three months,
Z^XYft&^VlF^^L^ ! can heartily' recom-
"=3&§xnKi?&d&hr* rae nd them to thos«
in need of jlaasfes. They
/V'//l\\ llVVWV flnd that x caT » sea : Rt -a.
.f,y ''•/.»" *A\V. distance with, an well as
near. by. Hoping others may, profit Dy my ex-
perience,- 1, am. yours, .^. .; - k . ,.>. i.i.:. j
;>>- -E.-N.' DAVIS,' Mayor of Los QatM. Cal.
MATERLE' S ' GLASSES , STRENGTHEN THE
EYE AND BRAIN. . German Eye w.it ur,50c» •
GEORGE MATERLE. German Expert Optician.
-CUT .THIS OUT..", 1071% Market Bt.,'..iedr 7th.
, , r, -. Look for Mayerle' s Trademark
Royal Baking PowcJer will-
always keep fresh ;and of full
strength regardless.ofy climate
or season.- Every : ;at6mi \td v
the last in the can, does even, ;• ;
perfect .work. JVlade ir6rn^
pure, grape cream of tartar.
Makes wholesome food.
ROYAL BAKINQ POWDER CO.. 1OO WILLIAM ST./ NEW YORK.
. §*\u25a0 The sale of Felts' elegant stock of shoes for J|
W \ ladies "starts this morning at 9 o'clock. It is the first 1
y time in the history of San Francisco that new, styl- i
ff ish, up-to-date footwear has been actually sold for half i]
-fl prices,^and even less than half. As almost every lady II
II knows, !Felts carried . only the very ; swellest of swell \
II creations- — shoes whose keynote is beauty, grace and J
j| . style. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0\u25a0.;•, .' ';• . : : . • • \u25a0 % -•\u25a0 |;
1j Thestock is largely composed of $67 $7, $8 and *
1 $10, goods. You may have an idea of the importance
S of this sale when every pair of these elegant shoes will
fk be closed put for $4. . J
:M :, The Walk-over . Shoe Store bought out Felts' and 1
"''»"\u25a0 js closing but the stock in order to put in a line of -^
|\ Walk-over "Shoes for ladies. ,;\u25a0--- N
j|| ' The entire Felts' stock will be sold in two lots : S
•If - Lot -I;;. All'the $6 to $10 Shoes will be closed il
If out for $4. . .. > x- M
' 1 •-• \u25a0\u25a0' - Lot N 2. All the other values, including $4 and $5 J
If values; will be sold for $3.50.
\u25a0S Reniember what the prices mean to you consid- |
Si 1 cring tHe elegance of the: shoes, and remember, too, \
I/, that the early comers get the cream:of the assortment. 1
I The Walk-over Shoe Store, j
|| > . . , Successor to Felts, |