PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC— NO. 53.
SAN FiRifefelSCO, TUESDAY^ JULY^ 23^|1901i
ADOLPH STRECKER IS UNDENIABLY THE CHAMPION KING SHOOTER
OF THE MARKSMEN'S WORLD AND LOUIS P. ITTEL IS CLOSE SECOND
MASON'S ONLY CHANCE TO WIN
THE KINGSHIP RESTED UPON HIS
OWN POOR ARITHMETICAL WORK
STEPHEN T. GAGE WILL BE GIVEN
A PENSION OF FIVE HUNDRED A
MONTH BY THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
decided that those who had '. helped ' to
build . the road and had given the best
years of their Hires to its . success ¦ should
be retired upon pensi#s. " The first to "be
affected under this agreement was Man
ager J. A. Fillmore. and the second Steph
en T. Gage. The first was. the head of
the operating department and -the second
the head of the Internal political machin
ery of the company.
The services of Mr. Gage during the last
few years have been purely. nominal,, but
there was . no man who. was ever . con
nected with the Southern Pacific Com
pany and the . Central Pacific Railroad
Company, - not even - excepting Stanford
and - Huntington -themselves, who did
more work for- those corporations than
Stephen T. Gagei He has but a very mod
est fortune and he is devoted to his fam
ily. "While In perfect physical health, Mr.
Gage is well along in years. His wife
died some years ago, since which {line
his life has Centered around his children,
to whom he is a most devoted father.
It is said in this connection that J. A.
Fillmore Is not in the best of health and
that it Is doubtful if he could have stood
the strain of another year's work in the
position from which he has Just retired.
PTJIXMA2T PAI*ACE CAR
Bun's AWAY DOWN GRADE
Collides "With a Train and Several of
the Passeng-ers Are Badly-
Injured. -
EL PASO, Tex., July 22.— A serious ac
cident occurred on the line of the Mexi
can Central near Montezuma about 11:30 a.
m. to-day. Several passengers on the
southbound train were severely Injured,
some of whom are expected to die. "
. A Pullman palace car which had been
sidetracked to allow another car to be"
coupled to the train got beyond control of
the brakemen and started down a. steep
grade.' The train backed up to catch the
fleeting car and on reaching it a collision
occurred. Although the car was not de
railed, the passengers within received a
terrific shock and the car was consider
ably damaged. A northbound train ar
rived here at 9:15 p. m. bringing "the in
jured, who were taken to a hospital.
Senor Crispi Sinking.
NAPLES, July 22.— Senor Crispl is now
in a state of exhaustion. The members
of his family and some of his best friends
and political followers have been sum
nicned here, as it is feared that he will
die. Not since ills attack of influenza last
winter has he recovered his former vig
orous health, and he has been compelled
to undergo five operations f^>r ¦ cataract,"
which, while disturbing his system, have
not restored sight. -. /,:
AS announced In The Call 1 last
week, Stephen T. Gage, who was
assistant . to Leland ! Stanford
¦when the latter was president of
the Southern Pacific Company
end later the confidant of President Hunt
ington. Is to retire from the service of the
company, but he will not be thrown aside
without consideration. Mr. Gage will be
given the same pension as that allowed
the late manager*, J. A. Fillmore. He will
be given J1000 a month for the remainder
of this year and $300 a month after that
during his lifetime. .
The circular announcing the retirement
of Stephen T. Gags will be Issued by
President C. M. Hays very shortly, and
after the 1st of August Mr. Gage's con
nection with the rallrpad that he helped
to build will cease, save for the drawing
of the Derision.
This retiring of the veterans of the or
iginal Central Pacific Railroad Company
is said to be a part of a general arrange
ment that was entered into between the
original holder's of the stock of the com
pany and the new managers. President
Hays desired to surround himself with
his own men whom he knew, but It was
HXGHWAYMAiar IS SHOT
WHILE TB-YUTO TO ESCAPE
Two Bobbers Intercepted by Police
men WMle Preparing 1 to Bald
a Saloon.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., July 22.— A
highwayman, giving his name aa Will
Jones of St. Joseph, Mo., waa shot
through the base of the spine to-night
while escaping from Police Officer Tttel.
His companion, giving the name of Mur
phy, was captured and landed In the
cornty JaiL
Sunday night the men held up Morley
Sherman and robbed him of $5. When
found by the officers to-night they were
preparing to raid Brady's saloon near the
Soldiers' Home. Jones' condition is crit
ical. ¦ _
Not Morally Qualified.
WASHINGTON. July 22.— The President
has approved the findings of the Naval
Board in the case of Lieutenant Armln
Hartrath, holding him not to be. morally
qualified for promotion and recommending
h*.s discharge with one year's" pay. Lieu
tenant Hartrath was appointed to the Na~
val Academy from Michigan, and his re
cent eervlce has been on the Philadelphia,
Tlic finding Is based on Insobriety.
Pasadena Boy Drowned.
PASADEXA. July 22.-Frank W. Harrl3.
the 14-year-old son of Fred R. Harris, a
phoe merchant of this city, wa's drowned
this morning v.-hile swimming in a small
lake en ifce Campbell Johnston ranch.
Former Right Hand Man of Stanford and Huntington
Will Be Retired in Accordance With; Agree
ment Made When Property Changed Ownership
Continued on Page' Four,
SEecial Dispatch to The Call.
: WILKESBARRE, Pa., July 22.-The
strike of : the stationary firemen was
jointly ', called off - at a joint • meeting, of
the strikers' and the executive board of
United Mine Workers to-night.' j
The Traders'. Coal. Company,; it Is said,
refused" to Reinstate its old firemen unless
they T consented to work \f or.' a, decrease ; in
wages.;' -i .vJr" "-, •¦' ' ' ¦ ' • ..
.. Tho officers of the Stationary Firemen's
Association made a powerful plea for the
engineers . and asked the • United Mine
Workers ; not to consent to a settlement
of the strike" until the engineers were ta
ken care of. State' Secretary J. A. Ger
rity,',in-, behalf of the firemen, ' said the
calling; off • of ; the strike under present
conditions would ' be a disgrace to the
United Mine .Workers.
: President, Fahey, replied warmly < for
the United Mine Workers. -He said that
if a .mistake had -been made the; blame
could not be * placed on the .United Mine
Workers. A .resolution was then offered
requesting all strikers to report for work
to-morrow, and if they', are refused by any
of the" companies,' then r the United Mine
Workers .will take- up their, cases. 'The
resolution '.was 'adopted .by .ah almost
unanimous vvote. 'A motion • to 'declare .the
strike off was then passed , by ? a large
¦ Special Dispatch to The. Call.
\ BOSTON, ' July ¦ 22.— Rear : Admiral . Wil
liam' T. ' Sampson, .commandant of ''.'the
Charleston 'navy yard,' was- asked 'to-day
if. he had v ever ' read and' criticized.! any
proofs of MaclayV Naval History, and he
replied he thought he had.'.,'."
"I would ; welcome 'an '''investigation"-', of
this whole .matter by: Congress or ¦ the
Navy Department, but I see no hope of
it being taken'^up. - - 1 , hardly' believe Con
gress will, "do/any thing about it at the
next ¦.session."/ 1 .."' :¦._" ;.;• • .: v : .';•. V,^;
¦ '.'Schley's first statements. regarding 'the.
battle of 8 Santiago— those given v out just
after "the" fight; I mean— were moderately
correct. - ,'.'..'.¦¦¦' , .¦.¦''.''¦¦'¦.¦¦¦ '•'.*<.» '\- '$%
" ,"If ; you* lobk : ; up an interview : ' purport
ing* to "have come from Schley. and pub-'
Hshed," I j believe, ; on ; January: 6, I you , will
see^that it: was entirely ¦incorrect.* If he
was correctly v quoted, he most certainly
has .made ,a. miestatement> of .facts. ; /; {¦'•
'."Soon after this interview appeared In
print/ he came aboard -my "ship [and; told
me ;that. he had 'never.* given rout; any <
such" statement, and that he- had been in
correctly .quoted.' reporter " to -whom
the '-.interview : was', granted was a;frlerid
of and , he f afterward, told me" that
he } had ' r publlsherl; Schley's I words ' practi
cally' as \ they ; had been' spoken."
EAGER FOR
AN OFFICIAL
INQUIRY
FIREMAN FAIL
TO GET BACK
ALL PLACES
BOLD ADVANCE
BY THE BOERS
UPON BRITISH
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAPETOWN, July 22.— A number of
Boers who are invading the Cape Colony
began an attack on Aberdeen one evening
last week. They obtained , : excellent
shelter in Donga, but their fire was In
effective. / The militia,' a portion if. the
town guard, advanced steadily under
heavy fire and drove the Boers from their
position, the burghers retreating pre
cipitately.
It is reported that General Delarey has
Informed the Klerksdorp commando there
is no longer; any chance of - European In
tervention, • and they/ must • flght • the war
out to the bitter end entirely on their own
account. : • .
. A new column Is being formed to work
In conjunction with other ; columns oper
ating in the. colony.
— — ¦ » ¦ . ' . , - .. - j •¦-
MRS; KRTTGER IS BURIED.
lTonner President Much Depressed as
, - Result of Wife's Death. ." : i
PRETORIA, ' Sunday.'j; July*"21.^Mrs;
Kruger,' wife of former President Kruger
of the South African Republic, who (died
Saturday,- last of > pneumonia,' Rafter ft an
illness of three days, was burled here. this
-¦•.....¦- ••¦ ' ¦¦ ' ¦¦¦;.•' .'••. V'. ¦ ':. :* : --:- :,;.:. :¦:¦¦'.:>'¦".. * •¦•. ,-,„:..::
FOUR SHOOTERS WHO MADE RATTLING SCORES ON- THE, NINTH TXA.Y' : OF THE THIRD NATIONAL' BUNDES. ';
* FESTIVAL, WHICH WILL CLOSE TO-DAY 1 AFTER A MOST SUCCESSFUL COURSE AT TxaE RANGES ' IN '-
SHELL MOUND PARK; : .---¦--•¦—-- - - •>> • • ¦¦;" . .-'• : .
string this morning. The end was In the
air yesterday. Men who have hugged a
kicking rifle for seven days and shot hun
dreds and hundreds of times at the black
spots . on the buff sat around the tables
and passed confidences, told of other
shooting festivals and how incomparably
superior this was to . any and all of Its
predecessors. On the faces of many sat
bleak disappointment. The fortunate ones
jn the work at the ranges looked happy
and contented. To them the prizes they
will carry away were the only burdens
and these are burdens that will bring
nothing but pleasure to the happily op
pressed. Medals, gold and silver, flashed
on every side. It was an army of men
with .'shining chesty decorations.
Completely satisfied with their West
ern trip, the visitors 'of the third Na
tional Festival would like to return to^<
San Francisco three years hence on Just
such a similar occasion— not entirely be
cause the hospitality and courtesy of the
local clubs have been so warm and genu
ine and freely given, but also because the
conditions, for good shooting are more
pronounced.
Dave McLaughlin entertained a small
coterie in the shooting gallery yesterday
with tales- of the New York festival three
years ago. ; He told how the lightning
played up and down the gun barrels of
the shooters and how the heat was -so
oppressive that the men dressed decollete
above the waist and in the thinnest of
duck below. He was used to full clothes
and could not shoot In a net 'undershirt
without its usual dress covering. So he
suffered the heat,, but shot . with coat,
vest and shirt. Theodore Geisel and Harry
Pope semed to steam under the recollec
tion of it. Yes, they all agreed California
was the best place for a shoot, and as an
exemplar they ran over the rccord3 of the
shooting.
VISITING SHOOTERS
WIN S-BVKKAT. HONORS
On the 'man target Harry M. Pope- shot
three twenties and one eighteen. Thi3
means 78, and but one man tops It. C 1L
Henderson. with a score «f 79.
On the standard American target Theo
dore Geisel distinguished himself yester
day and will probably carry off the first
prize. He shot 43 out of a posible 50,' and
as he has two 43 cards and one 47 to back
this score up, there is little likelihood of
any one else coming In to steal away the
honors and the prizes. Adolph Strecker
has 49 also, but he Is not backed up. by
any such .big scores as those against
Geisel's name. A. H. Pape has 49 backed
up by 47/ Dave McLaughllh ha3 48 back
ed up by 4S.
ps=Tj=^ HE third- National- Bundes Shoot-
I • ing. Festival will -crown r Adolph
1 Strecker ¦ of San -Francisco the
• king shooter of America. His 394
• -¦ points for '200 shots on the point
target will stand. as. the -work for a na
tional kingship for -at least three years
and there is no- telling for how many fes
tival'lusters.after-that.. • Louis -P. Ittelof
•Pittsburg- .....brushed 'arms with the . local
shooting wonder 'and 'his '. score ¦: of 392
points records even a .more ¦ phenomenal
shoot~ than that of. Strecker's.''" In front of
his eyes were those 3M points and the
kingship. It is no easy matter .for a man
to shoot against* a' 1 ' new .world's record,
and such a. towering one at that. 'Ittel's
nerve was. consummate. He Is easily the
greatest rifle performer at Shell Mound,
and although he will not wear the crown
not one- of the. shooters at Shell Mound
fails to recognize -him as a man of iron
nerve and self-control far beyond that of
any marksman who has j ever shot pub
licly in this or any country.
MASON'S ARITHMETIC,
. NEEDS CORRECTION
Strecker and' Ittel are. the exalted, the
men whose names rise from the glasses
after every toast. F. E. Mason has been
toppled over.- Since his eventful perform
ance on Frfday last, when his steady
nerve, keen eye and Imperturbable com
posure at the butts brought him Into view
as a strong candidate for the purple, both
Mason and : all his friends have labored
under a grievous mistake. Mason was
only a king by the charity of his ; own
false! addition. ¦¦ At no time since Friday
night did he have the gllmmerof a chance
to top Strecker's score.. When he' finished
shooting on Sunday afternoon Mason had
to his credit 295 points, and not 312. Fur
thermore, instead of having four full
strings left he had but three and six shots
of the .fourth.' -He wound up his strings
yesterday/ morning, . getting on the four
tickets' respectively 20,' 17, 16 and,23. Ma
son's complete score Is '371. -Even as It
was, he went to pieces. Racked -with the
tension and strain, he: fell from, shooting
grace and, dropping back In the ruck, fin
ished" below others whom it, was thought
he could not ' help but surpass."- So . the
Mason cry died' on the lips. Arithmetical 1
aberration was Mason's claim to the king
ship.:
EASTERNERS GLOBIFY 'i
, THIRD BUNDES FESP
lesser lights who will . shoot string . after
The shooting-, at Shell Mound is taper
ing , off and to-day, it -will close and the
lights will go , out on the great third Na
tional Bundes. Fest rifle revelry. • All the
marksnien of big, local and national repu
tations . have : had "- their • say; in the shoo t-
Ing, sections, but _ there is a number of
Convention of; Delegates to the Third National
Bundes Festival -Decides Upon New York City
as the Place for -the Fourth National Gathering
The San Francisco Call"Will Camp in Big Basin. :
SAN JOSE, July 22 ; — A camping expedi
tion into the forests of the Big, Basin is
being organized by the Sempervlrens Club.
About 150 will comprise the party, which
will be under the direction of A. P. Hill.
The encampment will last: ten' days, be
ginning on August 5. A special train will
lun from San, Jose to Boulder, • and from
there stages and wagons will convey the
party into the heart of the forest. Tents
will be furnished and a camping kitchen
erected. All the campers ¦ will • • have to
bring will be their bed clothing.
LEIPZIG, July 22.-^At a. meeting to-day
of the creditors of the Leipziger Bank the
receiver.. of the bank said the ' assets , of
the concern amounted to ¦ 45,000,000 • marks,'
exclusive of the 5,000,000 marks realized by
the sale of the Cassel Grain Drying Com
pany. ; It was further announced that as
sets . amounting - to 10,000,000 . marks, ¦. the
.property of the board of inspection,' would
be placed at the disposal of the bank -in
case the members of the board of inspec
tion'were found liable.; : .
The; total liabilities of, the Leipziger
Bank amount to 85,000,000 marks.
Leipziger Bank Failure.
SANTA CRUZ, July 22,-Ministers of the
Christian Church from . all parts of the
State are at Garfleld Park to attend the
annual State convention. : This evening
the' Tabernacle was well filled at a recep
tion given by the Christian Women Board
of Missions. Mrs. G. C. Holcomb of Sac
ramento- led the praise service, .after
which Rev. F. S.. Ford of San Francisco
pronounced an invocation. Rev. R. N.
Davis of Santa' Cruz delivered the address
of welcome, • Mrs. O'Neal of .Watsonville
responding; Velma Rice of Saratoga gave
a recitation and Mrs. . R. M. Brown ' of
Woodland - rendered - a solo. Among r the
Eastern clergymen ' In ' attendance ¦ ars
Rev. G. W. Muckley of Kansas City, Rev.
F. M. Rains of Cincinnati, Rev. F. G. Tyr
rell of St Louis and Rev. F. D.: Power of
Washington,' D. C. , ; ; ;
Christian Church Conclave.
LONDON, July 22.— The British con
gress to consider remedies for the cure
and prevention of consumption was
opened to-day by the Duke of Cambridge,
president ot the congress.
After the Lord Mayor of London,' Frank
Green, Lord Strathcona and Mount Royal
and others addressed the congress, Lord
Lister, one of the British vice presidents
of the congress, in a few words conveyed
the thanks of that body to Professor Koch
of Germany and the other scientists for
their attendance, saying they knew the
enemy they had. to deal with and that it
was not only the prevention, but the -cure
of consumption that the congress hoped
to effect. A telegram was read from King
Edward to the Duke of Cambridge, . as
follows: . . .
aJ!I pray you heartily to welcome for me
the eminent men of almost every nation
who have assembled under your presi
dency and to express to them my earnest
hope that the resujt of the deliberation
of the congress will be to assist the world
in mitigating this dire disease, which has
baffled the most distinguished physicians
for so long." : -,-.-¦'
Prior to the adjournment of to-day's
session of the congress, the Duke of Cam
bridge announced that a gift of £120,000
would be forthcoming for the purpose of
establishing the first public tuberculosis
sanitarium as soon as -the • recommenda
tions of the "congress "concerning its
establishment had been formulated.
Four hundred foreign delegates attended
to-day's opening session; they Include a
number of -Americans and Canadians.
Several Embassadors and foreign Minis
ters, Including Joseph Choate. the Ameri
can Embassador, also attended the open-
Ing ceremonies. - • ; h
Men Now in Session
in London. ¦" ';'¦
STUDYING CURE
OF CONSUMPTION
C ongress of Eminent
. PITTSBURG. July 22.— The expected did
{ not happen to-day at Wellsville or Mc-
Keesport. - At Wellsville the rumored Im
portation of men failed .to materialize and
at McKeesport the expected attempt to
• resume at the Dewees-Wood plant was
not made. BOSSBBi
At l.ioth points, which are considered by
each side to be the strike centers, the sit
ution remains in statu quo. Neither of the
parties to the controversy has made any
decided move. From the other Important
point. Duncansville, conflicting reports are
received and the result of the quiet strug
gle going on between the American Steel
Hoop Company and the Amalgamated As
sociation is still uncertain, with the com
pany's chances probably better for win
.nine in the end.
Laie this afternoon the Amalgamated
Association issued its first strike bulletin
from the general offices. The bulletin
gives an outline of the conditions pre
vailing and reproduces abstracts of Pres
ident Shaffer's recent addresses at Wells
ville and McKeesport. In the most prom
inent part of the bulletin is printed the
•warning -words, "Do. not drink, especially
if the trust tries to break the strike by
importing non-union men. Don't believe
any one who says the mills will be closed
forever or taken out of the community If
you <3on't go to work."
Further on are the words: "There
were not enough men in the country to
run the mills before the strike, so all you
need tc do to win the strike is, don't work.
Knjoy your summer shutdown. It means
more work next winter. This is not the
time for mill work, anyhow."
Absolute denial was made by President
Shaffer of a story that a delegation from
the Vandergrlft, mills of the- American
Sheet Steel Company had been Irj confer
ence, with him. He said he had seen no
one from Vandergrift and knew/ nothing
of their presence in Pittsburg or-\McKees
port. Whatever is being done by the
Amalgamated people at Vandergrlft is be
ing kept so quiet at present that few of
the general officials of the order are ac
quainted with the status, of affairs.
There has be£n no change in the arbi
tration or mediation movements so far as
the officials of the association are aware.
The hope is general among these offi
cials, however, that a way will be found
to bring about a settlement of the diffi
culties.
President Shaffer has not yet declared
that there was no possibility of concern
on the part of the Amalgamated Associa
tion. When he was asked for his opinion
on thi« matter to-day he replied that he
¦was unable to answer the question.
Friends of the president who have talked
to him on this line express the firm be
lief that if the proper steps were taken
the manufacturers would' find the associ
ation in a conciliatory mood and ready tor
meet any reasonable proposition consis
tent with honor. They say the whole
tone of President Shaffer's remarks is In
clined toward peace if he can secure it
.honorably.
EVIDENCE OF MURDER
IN GROVE NEAR LODI
Camper Is Missing' and Officers Find
His Clothing Soaked "With
Blood.
LODI. July 22.— The finding of bloo^
c-oaked clothing,' blankets and a handker
chief in Pixley's Grove, three miles south
of here, gives rise to the belief that a
murder was committed there yesterday.
W. S. Bunker, a farmer living near the
grove, visited It to look after stock yes
terday morning and saw a man -lying un
der a tree, wrapped in a quilt. In the af
ternoon Bunker again visited the grove to
pump water for the stock. The animals
refused- to drink /torn the trough, and on
examination Bunker found clotted blood
In th© water and blood marks on the
trough.
- The farmer's suspicions aroused, he
Jooked for the man he had seen lying un
der the trees. The fellow was gone, but
his camp outfit lay scattered about. Bed
clothinji. overalls and underclothing were
soaked in blood, and there was a pool on
the ground where he had lain.
Sheriff SIbley and Constable Coleman
visited the place to-day and found knife
ruts in the overalls and shirt. Search of
the grove revealed no trace of the missing
man. An old tintype of two middle-aged
•women was found in the "brush near by.
The offlcere also picked up a book bear-
Ing the Inscription "A Merry Christmas to
Steter Harvy from T. E. & A. G. Carter,
Marches. Iowa." A pillow had been ripped
open, as though some ope had searched
for money.
You Will Be Expected
To-morrow. Thursday and Friday, at the
Hat Hale of the Boston. All of Herman's
hats must* be sold before Saturdays for
an that day \he balance of the Brown
Clothing Co. will be auctioned off in order
to make room for the Lyceum 8tock of
rlothine which will arrive here Monday.
July. 29th..; Thfse are stylish hats. The
retail prlets of them are $2 50. $3.50 and
£5.00. . They are Dunlap, Knox, Stetson,
rounwn's. and will be «>old for " 90c a
hat. AH must po in the next thre? days
st the Hat.Assigne Sale of the Boston,
!73 Market» street, near Fourth . • •
¦ * ¦
Bliss Succeeds Burbank.
• SACRAMENTO. July 22.— The Governor
this afternoon appointed Assemblyman
John A. Bliss of Alameda County a mem
ber of the State Dairy Bureau, vice
Seorge W*. Burbank, term expired.
, ¦ • . . ¦ ? ¦ — ..;-¦-
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
The only route having through sleeping
:ar service "between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs - allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask L.
tf. Fletcher. 126 California street. •
Mr. -Wilder was accorded a semi-state
funeral on Friday, in which the military
and police, formed an escort and which
was attended by all the higher Govern
ment officials.
brother's death. Then at the overthrow
of the monarchy in 1S93 Mr. Wilder was
one of the delegates sent 'to Washington
to negotiate a treaty of annexation and,
on his return, he was placed in President
Dole's Advisory ' Council. ' Again he, was
elected to the Constitutional Convention
that created the republic of Hawaii, In
whose first popular election he was at the
head' of the elected ticket for the Senate,
of which he was the president, i His eld
est, son.- Gardner K... Wilder, -was •Circuit-
Court Judge, v -at Hilo until ¦ after., annexa
tion. The (econdeon, Charles--T., was
Hawaiian Consul at San Francisco . dur
ing the same period. Two other sons,
William C. and Harry, are employed in
the Wilder concerns here, besides ¦which
he leaves a brother, John K. Wilder of
Wilder & Co., and a sister, the wife of
Captain P. P. Shepherd, a pilot of this
port.
Fujlhara, a Japanese murderer under
sentence of death, has escaped from the
Hllo Jail. He was convicted of murder
In the first degree over a year ago and
the Supreme Court recently affirmed the
decision. Last month he was resentenced
by Judge Little and a death watch was
set. The officer on watch went. to. sleep
last Thursday night and Fujihara, who
was shackled to a wall, managed to break
his shackles, leave his cell and 'gain
liberty by scaling the wall of the jail. A
reward of $250 has been offered for his
capture. He murdered a Japanese through
Jealousy of his wife. ¦ .
• Land Commissioner Boyd left to-day
for Hllo. to look into the matter of open-
Ing for settlers a tract of about 2000 acres
of public land on Hawaii. The Land
Office is carrying out the policy of open
ing such lands to small settlers, under the
Homestead Settlers' Act of .Hawaii: A
number of other tracts may be opened
in the near future.
HONOLULU, July 16.— The Kaplolani
Estate Company has a number of big
suits pending and on trial involving the
titles to very valuable lands In Honolulu.
The lands are claimed in titles alleged to
have descended through King Kalakaua,
the Princesses Ruth and Kaiulanl ' end
the Queen Dowager Kapiolanl to Princes
David and "Cupid,", who are the principal
heirs of the Kapiolani estate. One of the
suits is against ex-Governor.'" Cleghorn,
former Governor of the island of Oahu
and father of Princess Kaiulanl, heir to
the . succession after the deposed Queen
Llliuokalani. Cleghorn has occupied the
premises for which suit is now brought
for thirty years and has been supposed to
be the owner, but the plaintiffs have
deeds of transfer from the various owners
to the present day. Cleghorn makes claim
to a title by adverse possession for thirty
years.
The district of Hamakua, Hawaii, has
been visited by a large cane fire, causing
over $25,000 loss. It is supposed .to have
been started, by a camper two weeks ago
and to have been slowly working its way
towards the Ookala cane fields since then,
unseen by those on the plantation. It
broke out last week and destroyed be
tween eighty- and eighty-five acres of
young cane. It burned about 800 acres of
forest and swept over a large tract of
coffee land owned by Homer Bros., who
are the heaviest losers, except the Terri
tory, in the matter of forest. At last ac
counts the fire was still burning, though
It was reported controlled. The destruc
tion of the forest is greatly regretted, as
much attention has been given lately to
increasing the growth of trees throughout
the Islands. ¦ /..¦., •;j.--:
Honolulu.
Several Important Suits
Pending in Courts of
TITLES TO LAND
NOW IN DISPUTE
the draft being disappointed,.; he
proceeded to aid in organizing a cav
alry company, which was mustered into
service on July 7, 1861. and in which
Wilder served until March, 1863, when he
was invalided home as a captain. Wilder
was in Sherman's first command. He
came to Honolulu first in 1869 at the in
stance of his brother, the late S. G. Wild
er, who left the impress of American
genius upon the country as a statesman
and a man of industrial progress. Samuel
MONOLULU, July 16.-William
Chauncey Wilder, one of Hono
lulu's oldest and most highly re
spected citizens, died after a
. short illness on Thursday even
ing last. He was born over the Canadian
border on January 1, 1835, of American pa
rents. While, a young 'man he went out
to California, but being unsuccessful re
turned to his home in Illinois. He was the
first man to - enlist at -Geneva -in
that State upon" •• Lincoln's - call tot
volunteers to save the . Union. On
THE WELL-KNOWN BUSINESS MAN AND STATESMAN OF HAWAII,
WHO DID A GREAT DEAL IN DEVELOPING THE RESOURCES^ OF
THE ISLANDS AND SHAPING THEIR DESTINY. *
v LONDON, \ July : 22.— The Duchess of
Marlborough; i:~ Mrs. .-. George Cornwallia
West, . Mrs.'. Ronalds - and • other > American
ladies of the hospital ship Maine commit
tee had an audience : with J King • Edward
at Marlborpugh House this afternoon. The
ladies presented to the King a" medal com
memorative of the work of the American
hospital = ship • and requested ; the ; King - to
transmit ; it >to 1 Queen i Alexandra. King
Edward warmly^thanked his -visitors for
their'iWork In" behalf of - the ; British ; sick
and wounded in South Africa.
- CHICAGO.. July? 22.-^-The\second trial
race for the Canada's cup was • sailed this
afternoon in a. riortfieast . wind averaging
twenty milss ; an hour/ and was ' won , by
the Cadillac of Detroit, with the Detroit
of ¦. Detroit second, Illinois third, . Mirieola
fourth and Prairie fifth. . The last three
boats-are from Chicago. .The Milwaukee,
which. won the first race, lost. her rudder
twenty, minutes .after starting and ;. was
compelled to ;dron. v out: The Yankee,- of
Chicago and Orion of Milwaukee turned
back and djd not go over the course. * The
actual sailing. time for the eighteen miles
was: Cadillac, 2:29:32; > Detroit,' 2:41:50;
Illinois, 2:42:15; Mlneola, 2:55:05; Prairie,
2:55:29. •«•¦.. ¦-,.•... .^;. r -'- :. - .-. : - : -\:.r '.;¦¦;•.. :..:-.
American Ladies Meet King Edward.
th« . Canada's Cup.
¦Easily Wins Second " Trial Kace for
•The House held that it was not the In
tention of the legislature to prevent a
trades union' from being sued, if, through
its officers, it were guilty of Illegalities.
OADILI^.C SAILS IN FIRST.
LONDON, July 22.— The House of Lords
has" reversed : the ' decision- of the -Appeal
Court dissolving -the"' injunction" rendered
August 80, 1900, by Justice Farwell,' in the
High Court, of Justice/. /which .enjoined
General Secretary Ball of the Amalga
mated Society -of* Railway Servants and
Organizing Secretary ¦ Holmes ; "from
watching • and besetting" the . Great West
ern railroad stations and approaches with
a view of Inducing non-unionists to refrain
from taking" the . places of Taffvale rail
road < strikers. This • action of .the House
of Lords restores Justice Farwell's< Judg
ment. '.' '"','. I •'.;¦;• v ":' . ¦ . ¦ . ' - ¦ . ¦
and Besetting' the Great Western
Railroad Stations. ;.'
Strikers Prevented From Watching
INJUNCTION BESTOBECD [.¦;- \
g|v BY HOUSE OF LORDS
. "My conclusion upon the whole case is
that the complainant ¦ has made out a
prlma facie case entitling it to an Injunc
tion pendente lite as to that part of the
way covered by the roadbed from Uvada
to . Clover Valley Junction and thence
to Pioche, but that it has not made out
such a case as to entitle it to the addi
tional injunction as prayed for in the sup
plemental bill.'-'
'In other words, the injunction In favor
of the Short' Line is sustained for the
forty miles of .the grade and road in Ne
vada from " the r State line at Uvada^to
Clover Valley Junction, but not sustained
as to the remainder of the route, pending
a decision of the Land Office as to the
proper maps filed. . ¦
: sued'in'Favor of the. Oregon
i - , ." ; Short Iiine.
. CARSON,* Nev., July 22.-Judge Hawley
in the Federal Court to-day rendered his
decision In the • injunction . case of the
Utah; Nevada ¦¦'- and California Railroad
Company (Oregon ... Short Line) against
tfie San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake
Company/ popularly- known as Senator
Clark's' road. ¦ .
This case involves the ownership of the
right, of • way In Nevada, near the Utah
State line, for. which the two companies
have beeri' contesting. for. the last three
months, the fighting 'becoming so bitter,
that- ' at i one time it. threatened I to result
in; open hostilities between the construct
ing forces of the' two lines.
- Judge '¦ Hawley reviews the ' case from
beginning. to end very elaborately in- his
decision, and In deciding whether the in
junction should be sustained concludes as
follows: . ;
Sustains the Injunction Recently Is-^ j
-From- what- can be. learned, Mrs." Ratza,
•who was •¦ preparing breakfast, poured
some oil on the fire and the blaze from
the stove ignited the oil in the can, caus
ing an explosion, which was' heard
throughout the house. The burning, oil
-was scattered over the room, setting fire
to the clothes of Mrs.-iljatza and the chil
dren. * The • house in which " the fire oc
ctfrred;,-was a' two^and one-half story
frame.' It was owned by Mrs. M. Barbara
Zankle, •who conducted a bake-shop on
the'first floor. The loss is placed at 51500,
partly Insured.
JUDGE HA.WLEY DECIDES
; AflADTST CLAEK'S ROAD
. VIODA RATZA, aged 8 years,, oldest
daughter. .¦-¦.¦¦' .*¦«- . ; - : *
KASHNORATZA/a boy, aged 5 years.
; WABOCK RATZA, a boy, aged 5 years.
• Francis Ratza. husband and father . of
the family, was badly burned, but it' Is
said he will recover. ' • , " . ;
PITTSBURG, July 22.— A fire In a Fenn
avenue tenement * building this \ mornina
caused the' death of a mother and three
children.-' The' dead "are: ' . --.
- MRS." SOPHIA RATZA, aged 30 years,
mother of the children. ¦
Wife Throws Oil in Stove
¦ [[ and -an Explosion
CALL " BUREAU, 1406 G • STREET, : N."
W., WASHINGTON, July 22.— Spain and
the United States are still engaged in a
diplomatic squabble over | the possession
of ordnance left by the Spanish troops
in Cuba at. the time of their evacuation of
the.island. Spain claims that' she is : not
only entitled to all movable property, but
also to all guns and their mountings from
fortifications and fixed . batteries . and ma
chinery from the navy- yards - and arse
nals. : -.. ¦ ' . . -.- vV t -,. ' ; !; . .,
This claim was advanced by the Spanish'
Commissioners in Cuba at the time they
were making arrangements with v the
American Commissioners for the evacu
ation of the island. The^Amerlcan Com
missioners dissented' from the- proposal 1 of
the Spaniards, holding- : that .under,. -the
Spanish law all movable property became
immovable property, that ' fortifications
and fixed batteries ; are ] Immovable prop
erty; that, therefore, -guns.: and - their,
mountings and other things. Intended for
the permanent use of the. service of such
fortifications are necessarily ' fixtures j and
hence immovable property.; ' : . -
. The President approved the position of
the American Commissioners - and " the
United States is to-day acting in accord
ance with this attitude. .The : War De
partment emphatically reiterated to-day
that this Government had no intention of
acquiring, forts in Cuba and that .under
the-Platt amendment the United States
can only, secure naval stations and these
will be obtained only after negotiations
with the Independent Government of
Cuba. ; . .,. ¦¦¦-.¦¦_
FAMILY MEETS,
DEATH BY FIRE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
to Island Government.
Uncle Sam, However, Will
Leave Property in Dispute
G. Wilder was the promoter of the Hono
lulu Marine Railway and the Wilder
Steamship Company, also of railways on
the island of Hawaii. William succeeded
him as the head of all his enterprises and
proved a worthy successor. The *people
enthusiastically made him his brother's
successor by electing him to the House of
Nobles to fill the vacancy caused by. his
Death Removes Orje of Honolulu's Eldest and Most
, ~ Respected Citizens, Who Accomplished Much
ii in Shaping the Destiny of the Hawaiian Islands
Still Squabbling Over the
Ordnance Left in
. Cuba.
SPAIN SPURS
TOR OLD GUNS
Steel Mills Do Not Try
to Run With Non-
Union Labor.
FAIL TO FIND
IMPORTED MEN
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
' W.. \VASHir^3TON. D. C, July 22.—Com
missioner Roekhill cabled the State De
partment to-day that the foreign Ministers
at Peking had finally decided on a plan
for the payment of the Indemnity to the'
powers by the Chinese Government. Bonds
will be issued to each power to the value
of its claims. These bonds will begin to
draw Jnterest from 1902.- It is intended
that the principal and interest shall be
entirely paid by 1940.
The plan • involves an annual disburse
ment of 23,000.0^0 taels. Of this sum 18.
000.000 taels will be used the first year to
defray the interest charges. The balance
will be converted Into a sinking fund, out
of which the principal will be liquidated.
- As the principal is paid off in annual in
stallments the indebtedness will decrease,
and the amount of interest that will have
to bo paid will consequently be less each
year. In regard to the method by which
China shall raise this money the State
.Department has not yet advised.
Great Britain has accepted the Russian
proposal for increasing the customs duty
to ten per cent silver. The authorities are
awaiting a counter proposition from
I>or.don suggesting a compromise of about
ly* per cent. Under the instructions given
Roekhill he is charged to assent to the
imposition of this duty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
in Payment of the
Indemnity.
»
Ministers at Peking Finally
Decide Upon a Plan to
Adjust Question.
POWERS AGREE
ON SETTLEMENT
China Will Issue Bonds
WILLIAM CHAUNCEY WILDER'S
NOTED CAREER BROUGHT TO CLOSE
SEVERAL . SURPRISES AV
FOSBTJBGH ' ItTJBlXEB I TBTATJ
Brother, of the Prisoner Gi^es Evi
dence of Great Value toi the
Defense. ,\
PITTSFIEI/D, Mass., July 2J->Tames
Fosburgh was called to-day as al witness
for the prosecution In the trial of his
brother, Robert S. Fosburgh, for the mur
der of their sister. May Fosburgh. Tha
summons was a sudden and startling: one,
delivered as It was by IMstrict Attorney
Hammond, who had taken part In the ex
amination of witnesses. The young Yala
graduate made an interesting figure on
the stand, and his testimony was direct
and conclusive. It appeared to leave no
doubt that his explanation of the reason
why he did not know that burglars had
been In the house and killed his, sister
was truthful and straightforward. His
testimony greatly Increased the faith of
the defense In the ultimate acquittal of
his brother. ¦Mii^VI«M t y*g»!
To-day also witnessed the production or
Dr. W. W. Schofleld, the first physician
to visit th© Fosburgh, home after the
tragedy, a* a witness. Though called by
the Government, his testimony was of
little^ or no value to the prosecution, and
it apparently told in favor of the de
fendant. ,
LOS GATOS, July 22.— The proposition
to bond the town for $40,000 for municipal
Improvements was voted down to-day.
Tuos Gatos Votes Against Bonds.
SAN JOSE, July 22.— Professor "W. H.
Leek, principal of the Alameda Hester
School, adjoining the city, has accepted a
position in the educational department of
Manila. He will sail to-morrow for the
Philippines on the transport Thomas. H©
was formerly a teacher in Plumas County
and for eight yj>ars was clerk and auditor
there. • ¦ ¦ " •- ¦¦"••'"•: ,'-
Will Teach in Manila.
MONTEREY, July 22.— K. M. Henne
ken, a rancher of the Carmel district, has
discovered a compound, the pas from
which is. he claims, certain death to ro
dents. He has made several successful
experiments. — The compound Is a liquid,
which produces a very poisonous gas atod
the animals are given #oses or the gas Oy
means of cloth rolls which have been
soaked In the liquid and which are placed
in the runways. The runways are then
closed and the animals are asphyxiated
t>y the fumes of the liquid. ,V,'
Gas That Destroys Rodents.
TOPEKA. Kan., July 22.-Three deaths
and ten prostrations^form the record I of
to-day's heat in Topeka, The thermome
ter has registered 106 as its maximum. £
has been three degrees higher during the
heated season, but the humidity made
to-day the most oppressive of the year.
Most of the active work was stopped for
From numerous places In Kansas come
reports of intense heat and much result
ing damage. Slight showers fell this
evlnlng in the region about Pottawat
omie County and some in Greenwood
County. Lyon County had a good ram.
The larger part of the State, however, Is
stilt p^fched by the terrible heat Like
breaths from a furnace, the hot air swept
across the Kansas farms to-day, more
completely blighting the seared corn and
other suffering vegetation. In some parts
of the State the temperature was as high
as 109, with considerable, humidity report
ed. Heat of this Intensity has been a
regular thing for the past forty day s and
the endurance of the State Is rapidly
approaching the limit.
Losses are falling. heavy upon farmers
and stockmen. Many had Invested heav
ily in live stock, which, on account of the
scarcity of feed, they are obliged to rush
to market and take for It what It will
Estimates of the probable corn yield
have fallen to a quarter of a crop. Many
counties report a total loss of all the
grains. From nearly every town In the
State except Topeka come complaints of
the scarcity of water. . r ;¦- ,.
Hot Air Sweeps Kansas Farms.
on which the temperature averaged above
90 degrees and the fifteenth in that time
that the thermometer has gone over mo.
At Lawrence Kan., the State University
reportedThe heat record for "Kansas again
broken, et 106 degrees. . the highest In
f e°r U S r rushing their live
stock to market because of the .scarcity
of water. To-day the total receipts of cat
tle were the heaviest on Tecord ',^ 1^ a V.iZ
ing to 25,500 head. There was also a bi|
advance in the price of grain, attributable
to the heat. September corn rose almost
four cents to 60%c and September wheat
went up 4%c to 6S%. Single car lots of
corn sold as nigh as 63c a. bushel to go
back to the country. ' n
Heavy showers fell this afternoon m
Southwestern Missouri. In the vicinity or
the Joplin zinc mining district, and in
Southeastern Kansas and around Fore
Scott. There is no prospect for a heavy
fall, the only thing that will cause a per
manent break in the drout n. .. . .
PREVIOUS HEAT RECORDS BROKEN
IN THE EAST AND MIDDLE WEST
Veritable Blast Also Scorches the Southwest-Crops
of All Kinds Ruined, -Streams Dried Up and
Great Suffering Caused to People and Livestock
WASHINGTON, July " 22.-One
hundred degree temperatures
were common throughout the
great corn ..belt'.; to-day, ac
' cording to the reports to the
Weather Bureau .here. In various places
in Ilinois, Iowa and , other States all
previous heat records were smashed.
There appears to' be no prospect of decid
ed relief from these exhausting conditions
for the. .next two* days' at least, except
such as may ; come from the always pre
sent possibility of scattered thunder
storms,-which are predicted for some por
tions m of . the ,, superheated area. To-day
thunderstorms, . unaccompanied by rain,
prevailed 1 In several, sections of the West
—hundreds of miles apart. They tempor
arily cooled, the atmosphove. but brought
no, relief to the, famishing orops..'Abso
lutely no rain /¦ fell in the corn belt, ac
'cording ; to -the official reports received
here. In Western Iowa it was a trifle
cooler to-day, ' while in the central por
tion of I the ' State . it was warmer. There
ls;a".little belt of high pressure over the
Great Lakes and another over the south
Atlantic coast, but it offers no prospect
of, relief in the West so long as the con
tinued low-pressure remains in" the North
west. The warm weather again was gen
eral throughout the entire country except
on the' Pacific Coast.'.
- In 4he East the temperature, while high,
did riot approach- anywhere the extremes
prevailing in the West, and a recurrence
of the hot -wave of two weeks ago is
believed^ to be unlikely in the Atlantic
coast region.- Thundeistorms have con
tinued from the south Atlantic coast
westward into Arizona and a continuation
of them is predicted for the South and
Southwest. ¦¦-.¦- *
In Des Moines, Iowa, the temperature
officially-- reported to-day was 108, in
Springfield; 111., 108; in Cincinnati 106, and
in Louisville 106, in each breaking all.pr.st
records. In Indianapolis it was also 106,
5 degrees higher than ever before report
ed. In St. Louis it was 106, Omaha 104,
Bismark, N. D.. 104. and Concordla,.Kas.,
102. In the East Boston reported a tem
perature ¦ of , 94 degrees. New York 90,
Philadelphia 88 and 1 Washington 93.
'Scorched by Hot Blast.
KANSAS CITY, July si 22.— A. veritable
hot blast literally, scorched the Southwest
to-day, breaking all heat records in. tha
history of the local Weather Bureau.
Yesterday Kansas Cltyans experienced
the hottest weather ever known here, the
Government' thermometer reaching 104
and remaining above 'the 100 mark- for
seven hours. Two dozen prostrations,
nine fatal, was the result. .To-day at 3:39
o'clock the "Weather Bureau thermometer
at the highest point in. the city showed
106 degrees, with street thermometers in
the business districts reaching as high as
128. The thermometer at 8 a.-m. register
,ed 90, was 101 at noon, and at 3 p. m. 104.
Hardly a breath of air stirred. The suffer
ing was intense, especially among persona
compelled to work outdoors and In the
poor districts, in ¦ the bottoms. Seven
deaths from : prostrations .were reported
during the. day in Kansas City, Mo., ana
Kansas City, Kans., and over thirty
people were overcome by the heat. This
makes a total dead for the two days of
sixteen. Most of the victims were elderly
people. * ¦
The highest previous temperature in the
history, of the Kansas City Weather Bu
reau was 103, in August, 1896. but it only
remained near that point for one day.
To-day is the thirty-second in succession
THE SAN FRANCISCO VOALLf;, TUESDAY? -JJJI^Y 23. 1901.
2
"With Instruction In
MUSIC COURSES. PIANO AND VOICE.
DOMESTIC SCIENCE COURSES,
Open to any graduate of tha grammar
schools or equivalent coarse.
A ONE-YEAR BUSINESS COURSE,
\7ITH STENOGRAPHY AND TYPEWRITING
For young men and women over 16 years of age.
Courses of Study to fit youne men for
positions as
CARPENTERS. PATTERN MAXERS,
FOUNDBYMEN, MACHINISTS, DRAUGHTS-
MEN, SURVEYORS AND STEAM
ENGINEERS.
Corner Twenty-sixth and Folsom streets.
SAN FRANCISCO.
COGSWELL
Polytechnic College
1 Midsummer Clear=Up Sale. I
S .' V. 7 -'*'" Following pur" July, ist inventory we find overstocks of §
§ and offer till gone: • §
I Ladies' and Children's Muslin Underwear.'... ..HALF PRICE §
gj Black arid Colored Ribbons— at absurdly low prices— 54 g
I ; "their value. ..... . . . . ; ........ . .15c to 20c Boltj |
g Foulard Muslin,* navy ground, 31. inch, 20 yards. . ... ...$1.00 §
g Men's Colored Dress Shirts, laundered, good styles, 50 Cents ¦«
§ Men's Suits . ...... . . . .$3.85— $5.00— $7.50 and $10.00 |
g ¦ Complete Variety in Every Department. Regular Prices LotiterJ'han Others. 0
I SMITHS' GASH (DEPARTMENT) STORE, 1
» 27 Market Street, San FranciscOwCal.* w
OCEAN TBAVEL.
OCEAN TRA VIOL
DAT AND NIGHT CLASSES.
New Term Begins August 5.
• 434 PINE STREET.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZEH
AND NEWSPAPER ILLUSTRATION.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street.' corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-*
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling: at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India., etc. .No cargo received on board on
day of sailing:.
SS "AMERICA MARTT... Saturday, Aug. 10, 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday, September 4, 1901
ES. NIPPON MARU.. Friday, September 27, 1901
TOYO KISEN KAISDA.
COMPA&NIE GENEHALE TRANSATLANTIQIJE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. rffi^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of -<HJJCn»
Faturcay, at 10 a. m., from Dier 41, ¦Sflstats*
North River, foot of Morton street; La Cham-
pagne, August 1; La Gascogne, August 8:
•L'Aqultaine, August 15; La. Normandle, Au-
gust 22. ' " ¦
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Eecond
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FTJGAZI. & CO., Pacific Coast
Ag»nts, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw ExDresa Steamers. :
. k . Steamers leave Broadway
'.'¦' ""Wharf, San Francisco:
For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
HKpfc^ July 15, 20, 25, 30. Aupust 4.
18KsJK3wii^ Change to company's steam-
E£§ritn&rC«£a ers at Seattle.
1 fiB§»«^»^ For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
' HfflSSmim c -)- Port Townsend, Seattle,
I i^^^S™« Tacoma, Everett, Anacortcs
I and New Whatcom <\Vash.)—
¦ . "*» 11 a: m., Ju-ly 15, 20, 25,-30,
Aug. 4, and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers ;for
Alaska and G. N.- Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. -P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. /
For Eureka -and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p.m.,
July 11, 16, 2i; 26, 31, Aug. B, and every fifth
day thereafter. ¦
For San Diego, stopping: only at Santa Bar-
bara/Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m. :
steamer State . of California. Wednesdays, 9
For Los Angeles,' calling, at Santa Cruz.
Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harf ord
(San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota. Santa- Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pe-
dro . and •Newport - ("Corona only)— Steamer
Corona,- Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonlta,
Tuesdays, 9 • a. m. ¦ , ' , ,
For Ensenada, Masdalena,Bay,.San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and.- Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a." m., 7th each
month. * ¦ ¦ '¦¦'." -
For/further information obtain company's
folders. - . .
The company, reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without nrevlnud notice.
TICKET . OFFICE-* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents, .'
10 Market st.,* San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
AAA^nfOCC fA -HAWAII, SAMOA, KEW
S. S. 4 SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Now
. .Zealand and Aus.;'..TJiurs., Aug. 1. 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
. . .*....: ......Tuesday. August 6, 10-a. m.
S. • S. M ARIPOS A. for Honolulu
.....Saturday, August 10, 2 p. m.
j, D.SPREGSELS k BROS. CO., Beneral Agents, 327 Ifarket It
Gen'l Passenger flffe, 643 Harkst St., Piar No. 7. Pacific St
Xmas Term Will Commence August • 14
Major Geo. C. Collins. Commandant.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORT SCHOOL
for the university, law and medical colleges:
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan Building. .-:-.
THE LYCEUM,
UNIVERSITY SCHOOL,
1633 Bush street ...fWest of Franklin)
Principal. GEORGE BATES, M.A., . -.
Is intended to furnish the best preparation for
the universities or for business to a -limited
number of pupils. Opens on MONDAY, Aug. 5.
For circulars, etc., address 904 Van Ness ave.
ST. MARFS COLLEGE,
*_V "OAKLAND. CAL.
Studies will be resumed MONDAY.- August
6. 1901. BRO. ERMINOLD. President.
MISS WEST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS,
2014 VAN NESS AVENUE.
OPENS AUGUST 19. For catalogue and spe-
cial Information apply to
MARY B. "WEST. PrlnclpaL
CTEENTH AND DOLORES STSL ' ~
San Francisco. Cal. J
WILL OPEN AUGUST L
Address SISTER SUPERIOR.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME.
RAYMOND COACHING SCHOOL.
465 Eddy St.. San Francisco. CaL
Repairs deficiencies in all grades. Praparss
for Law and Medical Colleges and for tha
Universities. Sessions continuous. . ¦
Boarding School for Girls. Accredited by
universities of Calif cmla • and Leland Stanford
Jr., also Vassar. Smith and "Wellesley colleges.
Reopens August 12. 1901.
SARAH D. -HAMLIN, Principal.
HAMLIN SCHOOL and VAN HESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
San Francisco, Cal.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY,
CONFERS DEGREES AND GRANTS Di-
plomas; seminary course accredited to.ths
Universities; rare opportunities offered In mu-
sic, art and elocution; thirty-sixth year; fall
term opens Aug. 7. 1SO1. "Write for catalogu*
to MRS. C. n. MILLS. Prea.. AIlUs Collesa
P. O.. CaL \
SEWING. COOKERY. ¦ DRESSMAKEJOw
MTLJL.I?rERY. HOME ISftJRfelNa. I
INVALID COOKERY. ETC.
NORMAL COURSES,
To Prepare Students as J*T"H
TEACHERS OF DOMESTIC SCIENCE AND
MANUAL TRAINING.
NO TUITION, except a fee of Five Dollars
per half year to cover cost of materials and
breakages.
TERM OPENS JTJT.Y 29. 1S01.
Office now open for applications. Send for
Catalogue.
- BARTON CRUIKSHANK. M. 9- r President.
ST. GERTRUDF.'S ACADEMY FOR
YOUNG LADIP.S.
Conducted by the Sisters of Mercy, opens Augl
6, 1901. Full Academic Course of studies. Spe-
cial Normal Class for preparing Teachers.
Grammar and lower classes graded on Stato
Schools. Modern building: steam heated; \
lighted by gas: large exercise grounds; loca-
tion ¦ansuroassed for health. Communication
by several lines of steamers.
Addres3 MOTHER SUPERIOP>. Rio Vista, Cal.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DB VAPOSES
To ,Valparalsb. stopping ¦ at • Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10, 12 m:
ACONCAGUA ..July —I GUATEMALA.. Aug. 23
PERU .:.... .August 7IPALENA Sept. 4
" These . steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral i and South American ¦ passenger service.
(No change at.Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
O. #?. «&i7V. CO/
Only Stenntdhlp Ijlno to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
, points ! East. Through t icketa to -all .
. Fctnts, flll rail or Mteamshlp and rail, at
STEAMEB TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and MEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA..........
- ...... ..kSails July 13, 22. August 1, 11, 21. 31.
SS. GEO. W. ELDER.... ...........;..
1 ..........Sails July 7, 17. 27, August 8..18, 24
D.W.HlTCHCOCK.Gen.Agt..l Montgom'y. 8.F.
lANAMifciifii;
TO NEW YORK -VIA - PANAMA DIRECT.
¦¦;¦' • . .-¦>¦-.. t Cabin, 1105; Steerage,: ;40.
6. S. Argyll ' "..{ • «alls* 6atur \<\y, 'Auft. 10
S. S. Leelanaw coils Monday, "Aug. £3
S. S." Arftvll -~-^ sal's * Tuesday. Sept.' 24
¦.. ,• From Steuart street at 2 p."; m. :'"¦*."..
I Freight and passenger ofHce, 330 Market st.
" ' - ¦ : F. F.^ CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
BAT- AND. EIVEB * STKATVTRB3.
fIIT^Iav^^
; Steamers J5EN. [ FRISBIB or ; MONTICELLO \ \
"S:45 .a. m., 1:13 and 8:30 p. m., except .Sun--
day. Sunday, 8:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 1 7 ' a. m.; "". 12:30 noon." ( • p. m., «¦ except
Sunday." s Sunday. 7 a. m. . 4 :15 ; p. m. Fare 54
cents. Telephone Main" 1508. Landing and o£- -
Oce, pier 2. , Miislon-at. dock. -. HATCH BROS.
MISS W. G. BARRETT'S
SHORTHAND ACADB.V.Y,
S02 Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
Lessons personally or by malL Acknowledged by
official reporters, "best teachers, best system."
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL; -.
SAN MATEO. CAL. The next term win besia
August 15, 1901. For catalogue and Illustrated
circular address Rev. : WILLIAM A. BREWER.
A. B.. Rector and Head Master.
.. IRVINC INSTITUTE. -.-;:
Boarding and d»y school for girls, 2128. Cali-
fornia st. Accredited to the universities. Th*
next session will begin Aug. 5. For illustrated
catalosTie address the, principal. -. -
. REV. EDWARD B. . CHURCH. A. M.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A THOROUGH SCHOOL.
• Progressive, exceedingly thorough, finely
equipped departments: positions for graduates.
105 Larkln st. Illustrated catalogue. ¦ •
R. L. DURHAM. President
24 Post st.. San Francisco, Cal.
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tsar.
¦ Write for 80-paga catalogue (free).
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST
CoHede San Rafael for Young Ladles.
Conducted by the Sisters ¦ of St. Dominic.
Opens August 1, 1301. Full college course ot
studies. Modern building; steam heated. Un-
surpassed for beauty and bealthfulness. » Ad-
dress MOTHER SUPERIOR, College 8aa R*-
fael, San Rafael, Cat
RED STAR LINE.
New York. and Antwem.
From New Tork Wednesdays at 12 .noon. "
Southwark .....: July 31 'Zeeland ..".I.August 21
•Vaderland ..August 7 Friesland ....August 23
Kensington -.JAugust 14 Southwark ....Sept. ,4
' *Stop at Cherbourg,^ eastbound. ¦ ••
I INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
> -_ CHAS. D. TAYLOR. ,
General Agent PaclQc Coast, 30 Montgomery st. .
... . Stopping. at Cherbourg:,' westbound.
From, New Tork Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Paul...... August 7 St.Louls.....'...Sept. 4
St. Louis..... August 14 Philadelphia '...Sept. 11
Philadelphia. August .21 St. Paul.. .......Sept. 13
St. Paul...... August 28 St. Louis. .....:. Sept. 25
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. 'SOUTHAMPTON. LO>f DOS. PAR13.Fifteen Hundred Men Out.
Neither Business Agent Casey nor Sec
retary McLaughlin would give out any
sion all day. The men were standing
around the place ready for picket duty.
A dozen or more would jump Into a wag
on and rush off to some barn -where the
teamsters stood in with their employes',
but collisions between* the opposing fac
tions were averted by the presence of
the number of policemen on duty.
SOME INCIDENTS OF THE FIRST
DAY OF THE TEAMSTERS' LOCK
OUT.
The Bartenders' International Union last
night donated $10 to the striking machin
ists to be sent through the San Francisco
Labor Council. . The initiation fee was
raised to $2 50 and six new members were
initiated.
Bartenders Hake a Donation.
No action has yet been taken by the
Porters, Packers and Warehousemen, or
any of the other unions connected with
the Water Front Federation. The execu
tive council of the federation had several
meetings during the day to dicuss the sit
uation, but was unable to decide upon
any definite plan of action. The lockout
Inaugurated by the Draymen's Association
has placed them somewhat at a disadvan
tage. A special meeting will be held to
consider the situation some time during
the day. i '
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 22,-The
San Francisco postofflcc will be allowed
sixteen additional letter carriers to take
effect August 1st.
The following postmasters -have been
appointed: California—Thomas C. Riggs,
Amedee, Lassen County, vice Lewis A.
Meyers, resigned.
Oregon —Hollls McKeck. Hammond,
Clatsop. vice Ellen M.Lally, removed. '
Postofflces discontinued: California-
Porto, San Mateo, mail to Woodside.
Postmasters - commissioned: ¦ California —
Rhinard ! Mabee, Hesperia. Oregon —
Amasa S. Quant, Alba.
California—Pensions have been granted
as follows: Additional—Jeremiah F.
Hutchison, Escondido, $10; John P. Rob
erts. Emeryville. $12. Increase —Horace
Gardener, San Diego, $12. Widows—Eliza
Murphy, San Francisco, $8.
-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i- ¦i.-i.-i-.i-.i..;.-:..:..:..:..:-!-.!.-:.-:.
statement last night except that condi
tions remained the same. A vote was
taken In the executive committee during
the afternoon to discontinue the struggle,
but a majority voted against the propo- !
sition. The matter will come up again
for discussion to-day. So far about 1500
men are affected by the controversy^ Sec
retary Michaels of the Employers' Asso
ciation says that that body is wholly
and heartily In sympathy with the Dray
men's Association and will lend both,
moral and financial support to crush the
trouble in its incipiency.
A census was taken yesterday of the
position assumed by each 'member of the
Draymen's Union. Every firm that re
quires the use of a dray or team in the
conduct of its business was requested to
make a statement, and the results show
ed that a very large majority was In fa
vor of giving the teamsters a. chance to
display their strength until the contro
versy died a natural death.'
Uuless the Oakland Freight and Trans
fer Company is in position at noori to-day
to handle the freight that is destined for
the government's bonded warehouse, the
United States Government will take a
hand in the matter and insist upon its de
livery. Collector of the Port Stratton
does not Intend to allow any one to inter
fere, and ample protection will be afford
ed the teamsters who are called upon to
move these bonded goods.
San Francisco Postoffice Has Been
Allowed Sixteen Additional
Letter Carriers.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC SLOPE
VISALJA. July 22.— Horticultural . Com
missioner O. S. Riley said to-day that tho
pear orchards of the San Joaquin Valley
would soon be things of the past unless
some means could be devised to check the
ravages of a disease known as pear
blight. He said that nine-tenths of tha
orchards of Kings and Fresno counties
were affected.
The blight is spreading through the Tu
lare County orchards at an alarming rate.
It attacks the buds first and then works
backward to the branch and trunk. It Is*
the most serious menace the fruit-growers
of this section have ever been called upon
to face.
Railroad vs. Nevada Assessor.
CARSON. July. 22.— The case of the
Southern Pacific Railroad vs. the Assessor
of Nevada opened In the United States
Court to-day. Numerous affidavits were
read on both sides. The Southern. Pacific
counsel asked for one week's time to re
but the State's affidavit. This was denied
by the court and the case will go on to
morrow.
Horticultural Commissioner Riley
Gives Warniiig to Owners of
Pear Trees.
SLIGHT IS SPREADING
IN TUXARE ORCHARDS
Neal was appointed Receiver by Grover
Cleveland. He was unmarried, but was
to have wed Miss Etta Moore of Water
ville on Thursday of this week. He was
a lawyer and realty broker. Judge Neal
of Davenport Is a. brother of the deceased.
Neal lived at Chesaw, nearly one hun
dred miles from, where he died. He had
been in Waterville and went over to Che
lan.- twenty-five miles, on business. On
Friday he paid his hotel bill and said ha
was going for a row across the lake. As
he did not return, search was made and
the man was found dead In his boat.
SEATTLE, July 22.-Dr. J. M. F. Coop
er of Waterville brought the news to this
city this morning that A. G. Xeal, for
merly United States Receiver of the Land
Offlco there, was found dead in a row boat
on Lake Chelan on Sunday morning. Neal
was a prominent citizen and his death,
has cast a gloom over the entire county.
He evidently committed suicide, although
it cannot be conjectured what led to such
a step.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Goes for a Row Near Water
ville and Is Found Dead
in His Boat.
Former Land- Office Re
ceiver A.- G. Neal
a Suicide.
ENDS HIS LIFE
ON LAKE CHELAN
Waxsmith has a bad record in this
county. Six weeks ago he attempted to
run Ventura for a day, but was promptly
placed under arrest by Constable Rus
sell, after a hard fight. Russell came
out of the affray slightly disfigured about
the face. Only a short time ago Wax
smith created a row In the town of .Ox
nard.
John Bottoms this morning pleaded
guilty, to a charge of disturbing the peace.
Judge Titus 'imposed- a.' fine of $50, which
was paid. H., "W. .Weekly, pleaded guilty
to a charge of battery and was released
on $250 bail.-.. Sentence will be pronounced
to-morrow morning. .George Gregg con
fessed to having committed an assault
upon the Mexican! Utmio Carillo. Gregg
is. in the County , Jail. The examination
was held in Cleveland .Hall, which was
crowded. District r Attorney Ewlng/con
ducted the prosecution, i :
Gregg and Waxsmith, the latter of
whom shot Mayor O'Hara, will be taken
to Santa Paula to-morrow morning.
Gregg and Weekly are likely to be fined
heavily. ..-.-.
Indignation grows as events leading to
the tragedy are becoming* known. It was
learned to-day that a Mexican had a
narrow escape 'from death in -the Cerf sa
loon late Saturday night. The rioting ma
chinists were all in this house when the
Mexican entered to obtain a drink. Wax
smith wantonly fired, upon, him, the bul
let passing within a few inches of his
head. The stranger - and another Mexi
can were badly- beaten.
Constable Beard is bitterly denounced
for having refused to arrest the rioters
on the ; ground that he had no warrant.
The arrests were finally made by citizens.
VENTURA, July 22.— Feeling still runs
high in Santa Paula over the shooting of
Mayor Paul O'Hara by rioters yesterday,
and there is a probability that should the
Mayor's wound prove fatal the populace
will not wait for the slow-going and un
certain law to wreak vengeance upon his
assassin. The., chances are, greatly
against the recovery of the wounded man.
As "yet a big piece of bullet In his head
has not been- found. He passed a restless
night and was very weak to-day. Charles
Waxsmith, who fired the shot that may
cause the Mayor's death, Is still in jail
here, and precautions are being taken to
prevent an attempt to" take him from hia
guards.
Special Dispatch -to The Call.
Mayor O'Hara of Santa Paula,
Victim of the Rioter, Is
Near Death.
Precautions Taken to
Prevent -Lynching of
Waxsmith.
VENTURA'S JAIL
WELL GUARDED
Says a Texas editor: "It Is customary
for contributors to write on one side of
the paper only, but some of ours would
everlastingly oblige us if they didn't write
on cither Bide."
On Thursday, the 25th. the Epworth
Leaguers have arranged to visit the fa
mous Napa Valley with their 'friends.
Many are acquainted in Napa, Calistoga
and St. Helena and others are anxious
to see one of the prettiest representative
valleys of California and its sanitariums
and resorts. They leave Union Ferry De
pot at 7:30 a. m. The round trip will be
$1.50. Many others will take the' same
train for Santa Rosa, the beautiful city
of the north.
Tho Mechanics' Pavilion office of the
Southern Paclnc will be kept open to-day.
Will Visit Napa, St. Helena, Calls
toga and Santa Rosa on
• Thursday.
t'PWORTH LEAGUERS IN THE
NAPA AND SONOMA VALLEYS
rive-Year-Old Soa of a Ballard
Rancher th* Victim of a Hor
rible Accident.
BALLA.RD, July 22.— Word has been re
ceived here of a horrible accident that
will cause tha deatb of a 5-year old son of
Prospero Lafontalne, a resident of Santa
Aqueda Canyon, eight miles east of this
place. A runaway saddle horse had been
caught at the place and staked out in the
yard. It Is supposed tbat the child over
heard a remark that the horse needed
water, and. without th$ knowledge of any
one, untied tha animal with the intention
of leading It to water.
The animal was a bronco and bolted
•v.-ith the rope entangled on the boy's arm.
The Uttle fellow . was dragged by the
r-razf>d brute almost two miles, across a
?•reek, over rough roads and even around
trees, when he was finally overtaken- by
members of a header crew led by the
father of the boy. The horse in Its wild
flipht kept out of sight of the mother, who
vainly endeavored to overtake it on the
nare back of a ranch horse. The child,
though frightfully mangled, still lives. •
Cardinal Gibbons Will Visit Ireland.
LONDON. July 22.— Cardinal Vaughan's
rercption this afternoon in honor of Car
dinal Gibbons, held in the chapel hall of
the new cathedral, was largely attended.
Joseph H. Choa-te. the American Bmhas
sadcr; Henry White. Secretary of Em
»>yy« and many leading Catholics were
present. , :
Cardinal Gibbons starts for Ireland to-
F?°?7 < ? r o* rrom **ere be returns to the
United States. .
CHILD IS DRAGGED TWO
MTXES AT HORSE'S HEELS
Eastern If en to- Teach, in Stanford's
Department of English,
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 22.-
Raymond Macdonald Aldon, Instructor
In English at the University of Pennsyl
vania, has been appointed assistant pro
fessor of English in Stanford University,
where he will enter upon his work In Sep
tember next. Professor Alden was grad
uated at the University of Pennsylvania
as valedictorian of his class, afterward
studying at the Harvard Graduate School
and again at his alma mater, where he
took the degree of Ph.D. His thesis for
this degree has been published under the
title: "The Rise of Formal Satire In Eng
land." He Is a teacher of approved suc
cess and a practiced public sneaker and
debater. He is the author of an excel
lent book on "The Art of Debate." and
will have charge of the training of stu
dents in argumentation.
Edward K. Putnam has been appointed
instructor of English In Stanford Univer
sity. Mr. Putnam is a native of Daven
port, Iowa, and was graduated from Ill
inois College in 189L For nearly five years
he was engaged in newspaper work, hold
ing- responsible positions on the Chicago
dailies. Later he devoted himself to ad
vanced work In English at the University
of Chicago, where he spent two years, and
at Harvard, where he received the degree
of A- M. in 1893. Mr. Putnam has travel
ed extensively and spent a year in re
search work in the Paris and London
libraries. He has written several theses.
one of which, "The Lambeth Version of
Havelok," was published In the Proceed
ings of the Modern Language Association
of America for .1900.
TWO INSTRUCTORS ENGAGED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Stanford's President Tells of
Conditions Following
Annexation. ¦ "
David Starr Jordan Re
turns From Hawaiian
Islands.
FINDS MANY NEW
SPECIES OF FISH
Captain Thomas of the little 10-ton
schooner Halcyon, which left Nome on
Isovember n lest with freight for a
roadhouse up the coast, was caught in the
Ice and drifted westward. Forty miles
from Northeast C«pe she was hemmed in
by the ice pack. Captain Thomas and a
man named Egan formed the crew, and
there were no passengers. Both abandon
ed the schooner and started for the
mission. Captain Thomas, however, turnl
ed back rather tbfcn risk his life In cross
ing the ice pack. Egan continued his
journey and two weeks later he was found
by some natives, and piloted to the
mission. He was In bad shape but soon
recovered. Nothing since has been heard
of Captain Thomas and It Is believed that
he met death in the little vessel.
The steam schooner Brunswick, Captain
Anderson, which left Seattle June 18
reached this port yesterday morning with
147 passengers from San Francisco and
Seattle. The Brunswick brings about WO
tons of merchandise and general supplies.
Ed. B. JDozler was married to Ada Rob
inson by the Rev. Mr. Barry last Wed
nesday evening:.. The bride is from Hollis
ter. Cal., where she was well known in
social circles. E4. Dozier is one of the
pioneers of Nome, and lias been in Alaska
and Dawson for the last flve years.
Captain Thomas* Probable Death.
Attorney A- J. Bruner, representing th«
San Franciscans, began letting lays dur
ing the winter. Acting, under the advice
of his counsel, Judge C. S. Johnson,
Schneider also let lays, and his laymen
were put in possession, there being thirty
or forty of them on the different claims.
Subsequently an agreement was reached
• between the respective counsel, that both
sets of laymen should be "permitted to
work, if they could do so amicably, the
San Francisco people to receive o0 per
cent of the proceeds, Schneider 25 per
cent and the remainder to b» deposited in
escrow and to be litigated to determine
the ownership.
The Sail Franciscans now hope to make
a ten-strike by taking forcible possession
of the disputed claims.
Perish.es in the Breakers.
Mrs. Mellmore. wife of Captain William
Mellmore. was drowned In the surf at the
mouth of Sinrock River on June 26. while
the captain was attempting to make a
landing during the prevailing storm.
Captain Mellmore and his wife, during
the month of April, went to Bridget
Creek on a prospecting- tour. They were
returning- from there in an open boat and
had safely made the distance along the
coast from Port Clarence Bay around the
point, when they encountered a heavy
gale. It is supposed that, fearing to risk
it any further. Captain Mellmore, who is a.
thorough navigator attempted to make
the mouth of Sinrock River. At any rate
when they got into the breakers the boat
was capsized and before the captain could
rescue his wife t?he was drowned and car
ried away by the undertow.
Mrs. Millmore was a Miss Fulcomer,
formerly of Kansas. She was noted for
her literary accomplishments, having con
tributed many interesting and historical
articles to the leading: magazines of the
States. In iBSei Bhe went to the Yukon as
teacher for one of ihe Government schools
at Circle City, vhich post she filled with
marked ability for about one year. She
then returned to the States and came
back to the Yukon ag-ain the following
year, and in the fall of 1899 she was mar
ried to Captain Mellmore. who was then
collector cf customs at Fort Yukon. The
couple moved to Fort Yukon, remained
about six jnontiis.- went to St. -Michael
pnd from there to the captain's home in
faltka. wh<-re he owns the Eitka Hotel. ;^
Last summer Captain and Mrs. MeiW
more canje to Nome, and in April they
made the trip to Bridget Creek.
Heavy Gambling in Nome.
Dawson in Us palmiest days never saw
any higher bet* made on one turn of the
card than have been witnessed In two
plays in Nome this week. The first play
rame utj at the Dexter when "Bull Con"
Jack and Gus Seiffert attempted to put
\\yatt Earp and Charlie Hoxsie out of
business in a few turns. "Bull Con" made
several stiff bets, and with his usual luck,
won. and the dealer did not cut him down
until he attempted to bet $1000. It was
lucky for lhe dealer, as Jack won his $500
bet. and for some time that was the
u.=ual en a single card.
There was another stiff plav in tha
Northern when four gamblers pooled
together in order to win out enough to
Ftake themselves to a bank roll. They
started in with $S0 bets, which is the
usual limit m the Northern, and then
commenced to double, winning every bet
until they had 11050 in checks out. They
then stacked them all up on the ace and
asked the dealer to turn for the bunch
but before doinjer no the dealer asked
Proprietor James Murphy if he would
"stand for it." ¦ •
"Let the boy« put on as much as they
want and if the ceiling is too low we'll
tear it off." said Murphy.
"With that the dealer wet his finger and
clipped off a card. It was a great big
bullet, and four disgusted sports walked
out of the house.
A. R, Macadams, nicknamed "Checkers,"
was cne of the first prospectors to visit
Kougarok district. He was "grub
staked" by Chris Schneider, who claims
to have advanced $8000 or $10,000 In alL
Recently Schneider learned that "Check
ers" had sold his Kougarok claims, the
purchasers being a San Francisco syndi
cate composed of Count Podhorski, A. J.
Brander. E. J. Harlow and M. T. Brander.
The consideration is alleged to have been.
55000 cash and $80,000 on bedrock.
"Checkers" got the money, squandered
some of It and departed. Schneider heard
of the reported sale and immediately re
corded the "grubstake" contract he had
with Macadams, by which Schneider was
to receive a half interest in everything:
staked by "Checkers."
NOME, July 3.— Twenty men, "armed to
the teeth," left Nome yesterday for
Quartz and other creeks to attempt to
take possession of a number of disputed
claims on behalf of a San Francisco syn
dicate. Two hours later Chris Schneider
started with a posse, heavily armed, with
the intention of reaching the claims
ahead of the San Franciscans and giving
them a warm reception. News of a battle
is expected hourly
Special Correspondence of The Call,
Saa Francisco Syndicate
Sends Posse to Seize
Gold-Producers.
Probable Battle Over
Kougarok Mining \
Claims.
ARMED MEN GO
OUT FROM NOME
The condition obtaining in the business
district yesterday was a tie-up more or
less complete of all those industries
dependent to a greater- or less degreo on
tho services of the draymen. 'Where hun
dreds of trucks daily rumbled, few were
to be seen. On thft wharves large ship
ments of fruit awaited removal, but the
teamsters refused to haul them and it
•was found necessary to send large quan
tities to Oakland for sale over there. Any
body who had the means to carry off the
stock could get fruit for a mere song.
Demonstrations by Teamsters. .
Early In the day demonstrations were
made by the teamsters, and some of the
men driving wagons and trucks left them
in the streets without delivering tho
loads. Secretary Renner of the Draymen's
Association telephoned to police head
quarters for assistance and officers were
detailed to escort the wagons to their
destinations. Even this precaution •< did
not prevent a general stoppage of busi
ness. ' ,
John Law, an old man, who has been
employed as a teamster for many years
on the water front, endeavored to move
a largo lot of goods. At the. corner of
East and Market- streets a heavy case fell
As a result of this ukase, President
Tilden and Treasurer Fuller took off their
coats and managed to move a quantity of
goods, but their efforts would not win
them distinction as teamsters.
When the matter was called to the at
tention of Collector of the Port Stratton
yesterday, he notified Charles L. Tilden,
the president of the company, and J. V.
Fuller, the treasurer, that the goods must
be removed from the wharves to the
Appraiser's warehouse at once, and If
necessary the United States would place
guards upon the wagons to prevent any
interference with the drivers.
UNCX.E SAM may be "Casey at
the bat" before the trouble be
tween the teamsters and their
employers is settled. The
Overland Freight and Transfer
Company, which has a contract with the
United States Government to haul bonded
goods from the wharf to the warehouse,
has been deprived of .its usual force of
teamsters in consequence of the disturbed
relations existing between the Brother
hood of Teamsters a/id the Draymen's
Association. .
The Federated Steamship Painters,
which organization does not belong to the"
Water Front Federation, had a .contro
versy with, the Marine Painters' Union.
The former does the finishing work on the
interiov of the- cabins while- the other
union does the' outside work. The mem
bers of the Marine Painters', Union 1 re
fused to work with the Federated Steam
ship Painters and began a strike. After
: being out for several hours, the Marine
Painters' Union made overtures to the
Federated Steamship Painters' Union for
an amalgamation. It is v expected that
this will be effected yery shortly. -
An effort was made by some of the
larger business houses to utilize the
smaller express wagons to handle the
freight coming in and going out. but the
wagons were inadequate to the task. At
the Southern Pacific depot at Fourth and
Townsend streets a long line of drays
were drawn up, but the lack of knowledge
of how to ship goods congested the sheds.
The pickets from the Brotherhood '¦•¦ of
Teamsters. were on hand,' and by deriding
the . efforts of the expressmen succeeded
In practically nullifying'thelr efforts.y..
. Secretary Renner of the Draymen's As
sociation says that about 500 men were
discharged : during the day. .
"We are meeting the men at all points,"
he said. . "If they do not want to work for
Painters'" Unions May Unite.
The American ship Emily F. Whitney,
which has been waiting a load of freight
at Oakland, could not be. loaded. The ves
sel was put on the drydock to make
some needed repairs pending a settlement
of the difficulty. At the Pacific Mail
dock and at the Oceanic Steamship dock
nothing was doing for the reason that
there were no steamers either to load, or
to discharge. Several are expected in
within the next forty-eight hours, and it
is anticipated that there will be more or
less trouble when they arrive.
Considerable difficulty was experienced
along the water front in the loading and
unloading of various vessels. The Brit
ish ship Allerton, af Main-street wharf,
the British General and King Edward at
Howard-street wharf and the John Cooke
at Beale-street wharf could not discharge
their cargoes on account of lack of help.
off his wagon' and he was unable to re
place it. He asked some of the by
standers to assist him, which they were
willing to do. but some of the strikers'
pickets Interfered and it was only after
considerable tro~uble that he obtained the
assistance of a few sympathizers and
succeeded in loading his wagon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 23, 1901.
United States Government, Interested in the. Movement of Freight From
Wharf to Bonded Warehouse/ Insists Upon Full Compliance With the
Letter of Its Contract and This Puts New Phase on the Controversy
STRIKE OF TEAMSTERS IS CRIPPLING
THE BUSINESS OF THE ENTIRE CITY
— . - . •
us on their own terms they can quit Just
as soon as they please. When the people
of San realize the injustice of
their claims they will rise in their might
and stop all this foolishness. It Is non
sense for any man, ! or set of men, to at
tempt to dictate to their employers how
this or that business may be conducted.
We might as well fight the issue, to a
finish first as last. We are in the fight to
stay and propose to teach the laborers a
lesson. A few days of this *kind of busi
ness will rouse the whole State to -action
and the end will soon come. The "people
are getting tired of these 'Eastern-Induced
strikes . and as it ¦ strikes the pockets of
every man, woman and child In the com
munity, people will realize that the most
determined stand that can be made
against these, aggressions' is the only one
that will finally win out. That business
should be. tied up in -this manner at tho
present Um,e is a disgrace to the intelli
gence of the people 'of California. The
instigation of the strike was trivial. Busi
ness agents who have nothing to gain qr
lose are pumping these men full of. hot
air. They do not give it In hypodermic
injections, but make ,them swallow it just
as they would a dose of castor oil. As
soon as the froth is- off the steam beer
that is supposed . to conceal the taste of
the castor oil they will find out just 'What
Happened to Jones.'". i ' ' '
At the teamsters' headquarters, at 672
Fourth street, the executive committee of
the Brotherhood of Teamsters was in ses-
\ STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 22.-
President David Starr Jordan, who left
' San Francisco for the Hawaiian Islands
immediately after the university com
¦ mencement in May, returned home to-day.
Dr. Jordan went out as scientific head of
an expedition for the United States Fish
'. Commission. His colleague in the work
and Its business head was Dr. Everman of
the Smithsonian Institution. Besides these
two there were In the party John N. Cobb,
statistician; Mr. Goldborough; George
Shindo, a .Stanford University student,
and two artists. Dr. Everman became ill
from drinking undistllled water shortly
after reaching: the Islands and returned
to the United States, leaving Dr. Jordan
in full charge. Dr. Everman is now elow
ly recuperating at the' home of Dr. Jor
dan on the campus.
The expedition was sent out by the Gov
ernment under a provision of the annex
ation act which required, among other
things; that fishes and fisheries of the isl
ands should be Investigated and reported
upon, as a basis for Congressional legis
lation. The work has been both historical
and scientific A complete copy of all the
laws that had been passed before annex
ation was made under the direction of Mr.
Cobb and will serve as the base of his re
port.
Queer Fishery Laws.
These laws show that conditions have
existed, and still exist, that are foreign to
American laws. For example, individuals
hold as private property the bed of the
ocean for as much as a mile from the
shore. Such owners have the right to
"taboo" certain species of fish or to forbid
all fishing; within their grants. The effect
of "tabooing" Is that all persons who take
|the "tabooed" fish must give them up to
the owner of the water in which they are
¦ taken.
The "tabooing" of fish was one of the
royal prerogatives during the monarchy.
Frequently, in times of royalty, arms of
the bays were fenced oft from the ocean
by forced labor, and granted as fish pre
serves to private persons who were often
Americans. These various water rights,
which have survived the passing of the
monarchy and the annexation, will fur
nish themes for the consideration of
Congress.
The purely scientific work of the expe
dition has proved very important. Up to
the time of Dr. Jordan's departure 240
species had been taken. Of these fifty
• were new. If nothing more had been
done than simply to secure these speci
mens the summer's work would have
been a success.
Expert Fishermen Needed.
The fish question is of great import
ance to the islands because of the de
pendence of all classes, but more par
ticularly the natives, upon fish for
food. Deep sea fishing Is little
carried on, because of lack of crews. The
natives are not good for the purpose,
and no others are to be had. Dr. Jor
dan's suggestion to obviate this difficulty
is that expert fishermen from San Fran
cisco be induced to go to Honolulu.
The supply of fish that can. be taken
near the shore Is being depleted by the
steady drain upon it. Especial recom
mendation will be made to Congress by
Dr. Jordan on this subject.
The main provisions of the legislation
to be suggested will be — First, that
fishing: in some waters be en
rtirely prohibited for a time; sec
ond, that there be a closed season dur
ing the time for spawning; and third, that
fishing with nets of less than a three
inch mesh be forbidden. The greatest
needs of the islands, industrially, is la
bor. The Chinese are shut out by the
exclusion act of the United States. Jap
anese, laborers are prevented coining by
home legislation that forbids them to emi
grate. More than 1000 Porto Ricans have
been imported, but their value as laborers
is still undetermined. Most of them, have
been 111 on first arriving, though on re
covering they seem to have proved fair
workers. The United States cannot be
depended upon for the labor supply,
since Americans are usually able to find
more profitable employment.
Politics on. the Islands.
The future of the islands politically is
uncertain. Dr. Jordan believes the Terri
torial form of government will be the
best possible. The present Legislature is
composed principally of natives, with a
few Americans and one Russian. The
legislative efficiency of the people will
continually improve with experience. It
Is Dr. Jordan's opinion that the evil of
corruption in the Legislature is little to
be feared, as mercenary considerations
do not strongly influence the native Ha
waiians. He believes, however, that it
probably would have been the wisest to
have imposed a property qualification for
voting. At present both the Chinese and
the Japanese, who compose the chief in
dustrial strength of the islands, are ex
cluded, and the qualification for others is
the ability to read and write the English
or the American language.
3
Frankfort American
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OB" NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1900 and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by tha Com-
missioner, CAPITAIfc /
Anwmt of Capital Stock, paid up Mmdk
in Cash $300,000 W
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $337,024 »
Cash In Banks 49.371 28
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4.923 SS
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion S7.C3 a
Total Assets <488.d O
UASiums. y
1 Losses In process or Adjustment or /
; In Suspense ©5,170 74
Losses resisted. Invading expenses.. J6.30O 00
Gross premiums on Risks running-
one year or less, % ; reinsur-
ance 60 per cent H0.S37 tt
Gross premiums on Risks .running
more than one year,); ; rein-
. surance pro rata .'. .' - 18,969 03
Total Liabilities S179.0T7 80
INCOME. /> % ~
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums -' $228,799 95
Received for interest and dividends •
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 9,906 00
Kecelved from all other sources 15,86? 5*
Total Income C54.567 SI
EXPENDITURES.
N«t amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing i — i • losses of previous years) . , $89, IRS 93
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage * 83.53 79
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
- charges for officers, clerks, etc 5.O 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 4.«3 40
All other payments and expenditures 54.519 66
Total Expenditures K07.013 74
F. G. VOSS. Vice President.
J. M. SMITH. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26th
day of January. 1901.
EDWIN F. CORET.
Commissioner for California in New York. '
VOSS, CQNRAD. & CO.,
General. Managers,
204, 2W, 208 SANSOME STREET,
San Francisco; : Cal. .
OP THE
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
For further particulars apply
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. .14 Montgomery st.
TWO 50-VARAS
Fronting on Stockton street, between North
Point and Beach streets. 137:6x275.
REFEREE SALE.
By Order of G. H. TJMBSEN', Sole Referee.
At auction at our salesroom. MONDAY, July
29, 1901, 12 o'clock noon, tha
The finest contour of a female face, th«
sweetest smile of a female mouth,' loses
something if the . head is crowned with
scant hair. Scant and falling hair, it is
now known. Is caused by a parasite that
burrows into the scalp to the root of the
hair, where It saps the vitality. The little
white scales the germ throws up In bur-
rowing are called dandruff. To cur» dan-
druff permanently then, and to stop fall-
Ing hair, that germ must be killed. New-
bro'a Herpidde, an entirely new result of
the chemical laboratory, destroys the
dandruff germ and. of course, stops the>
falling hair and cures baldness. .;" - :
Must Have Luxuriant and Glossy
Hair, No Matter What Color.
A~ WOMAN" TO BE PRETTY
| MEN! DO YOU? I
£|L Do you want to be strong? Do you . »
S • $yMpi&&i!*iffi .want. to feel the vim, the snap and 8
o " M(?£j&&^Ji flre of m anlv vigor? Do you want $
o uHJfeJfip? courage, energy and ambition to sup • j§
it w!t2*^S0' n port you in your cares and troubles? £
B lir^fir' I have devoted my life to the:.de- %
o' ®eP* f veloprhent of manly.and womanly vigor. t>*
S (s. : I've made a great success. My methods §
§ fSjalp^ ' are a PP rove d by t^ ie greatest doctors and §
S iD : 'U ;•«•„ I've proven r that electricity is the ' »
#¦ '/^&\- jftvsS^-- basis -of air animal life and that "weak §
8 •/'•^^Nio«t«2S^K]3!l4r' men v dyspeptics,- rheumatics," sufferers - <?
H . -^\^^^ri^^^>i. from' lost " energy, weak kidneys, pains §
» • ¦ . -v.l in the back, head, chest and shoulders 3
« from varicocele and its allied weaknesses, etc., are weak I in. electricity. .«
S My Electric Belt restores this life in a few weeks and cures every S
S time. :Vi •¦•'¦':» ' "'¦•'¦ '¦ A '] S
g DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT. |
g Describe your case to me, and if I say I can cure you I will guarantee to do so. »
g Drugs won't restore your strength. They only stimulate. If you have to «
g take a stimulant take whisky. Taken In moderation it does less harm than «
§ the others. • - g
W • "Every «!gn of pain and \veok~ess has disnopeartd. I appreclat j what your O
« Belt has Hone ?or m?," writes J. Schw-rz, Coleridge, TVJ-ity Count-", Cal. X
« Twlir gladly, send you my book on this subject. It has 82 pages of meat «
g to people who want more "fire." Sealed, free. " ;«
O CA'TION— Makers of old stylet b'lsterlnft and burning belts are now Q
O offering imitations of my Belts ad tflectrodes. LOOK OUT FOR THEM. O
<O> ' I "take Imitations of my 4 belt In trade Just to show how much better mine la. Con- 8
££ sultatlon free. Call to-day or write and Inclose this ad. . . "" &
I DR;M. CMcLAUGHLiN, 702 Ma 2^£ * ear * 1
8 • Los Anzeles — 129 "W. Second Street. !* S
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR.MEYERS&CO, Jili|%
Specialists. Disease WSjiji?
and weakness of ggs|2# V
men. Establis hed vp^aS' jt^metL. \rf£
1SS1. Consultation VY? Wf
and private book V*tly
free, at office or by *W&k 'A^SnJ
mall. Cures guar- \&\*"%#3$&
anteed. 731 Mar- JV^SSl^lfc
ket street (eleva- JL^ "TSSSr^F.,
tor entrance), SaaA balloon ascensionist was recently killed
while. making one of his daring-- trips. Ltfe U
too valuable to trifle with in foolhardy adven
tures. It is - better to ; employ. ourselves In
peaceful pursuits' where' we "may be secure
Then, if we take care of our health, we can
live to a good old asre. The beat means of pro
moting, health is Hostetter's Stomach Bitters
This medicine cures dyspepsia, ¦ indigestion.
constipation; 1 flatulency and Insomnia. Be sure
to try it. • ¦¦¦..'..,.
£• Balloon Ascensionist Killed.
"W. A.. Markham, 447. Elizabeth street, a
member of the Epworth League, swore to
a complaint in Judge Conlan's court yes
terday for" the arrest of Edward Falton
on a " charge of petty larceny. Markham
is a cook in the Epworth League restau
rant opposite the Mechanics' Pavilion,
and Falton is his assistant. While Mark
ham was asleep in the kitchen yesterday
morning he alleges - that : Falton stole -his
gold watch, valued at ?30, and disap
peared.
Bobs an Efcworth I«eaguer.
Gulseppl ' Bazura. arid Antone BazuKi.
crab fishermen, were convicted by Judge
Conlan yesterday of having female crabs
in their possession and were -each fined
$100, with the alternative of serving fifty,
days in the County Jail. They were
arrested Friday by Deputy Fish Commis
sioner J. H. Davis. When he. boarded
their bdat at Fisherman's wharf • they
tried to throw him overboard.
Violated- tlie Fish. Laws.
The Epworth Leaguers and their friends
are going to visit the Big Trees of the
Santa 'Cruz Mountains to-morrow "and
look at the three-hundred foot giants of
the redwoods. A special train has been
arranged for to leave the Ferry . Depot
at 7:45 a. m. After two hours at the red
woods the train will 'continue to Santa
Cruz, where ,. the Leaguers will try sea
bathing on- the. famous beach— now at- Its
best..- A special rate of $3.00 has-been
made for the Leaguers and their friends.
Special Train, of Delegates and
Friends.
EPWORTH LEAGUERS TO
VISIT THE GIANT REDWOODS
p^Tf*^ HE Epworth League convention,
I which closed Its labors yesterday,
1 will soon become a memory. The
Jl 19,000 delegates from all parts of
the country who registered at
headquarters are gradually departing,
and ere tho close of the week the pres
ence of a white cap or a leaguer wearing
a badge wi[l have become a novelty.
Nevertheless, the committee head
quarters at the Pavilion were very lively
yesterday. After to-day the committee
will take up its old station in the Young
Men's Christian Association building,
where the final business of the conven
tion committees will be completed.
• Thousands of people thronged the Pa
vilion yesterday and last night. The va
rious county and private exhibits were a
source of, interest to all beholders. These
exhibjts may be inspected to-day for the
last time, as the building will be vacated
to-night. . .
The quarters of the registration, enter
tainment and reception committees will
be open to-day. Chairman ,W. H.
of the reception committee has dispensed
with the further service 'of his army of
aids Mr. Waste has been untiring in his
efforts to satiify the delegates in every,
possible manner, and his services were
highly appreciated. Yesterday afternoon,
at an Informal gathering, a number of
delegates from the East and from points
in the interior of the State voted him
thanks for his labors in their behalf.
There were some addresses, and the af
fair, proved to be a most pleasant one for
all concerned.
Movements of Leaguers.. •>
Bishop Hamilton and family left the
city for the southern part of the State to
day eh route for London, where the
Bishop will attend the Ecumenical . Con
ference to be held there in- September
next. The Bishop will depart the State
within two weeks. • '
The Rev. Thomas Filben, chairman of
the general committee, -will leave for Pa.
ciflc Grove to-day to attend the Chautau
qua meetings, of which he 1b chairman.
He will remain there for. two weeks, and
in the meanwhile -the final adjustment of
the affairs of the general committee will
be, held: in abeyance. ... , V
Bishop I. W. Joyce will. leave for Los
Angeles on Thursday and -thence to his
home* at' Minneapolis. ' The Bishop's fam
ily left for San Jose for -a brief stay last
n Rev. James Buckley, . editor "-.of the
Christian I Advocate, ; leaves for Paclfio
Grove to-day to. attend ¦' the Chautauqua
meetings; Dr. Buckley is to lecture, at
one of the meetings; on the general subject
of church "work. .¦ .*•- -
AC. Crews, secretary of the Canadian
Epworth League, left for his home last
evening. The Rev. Mr. Crews expressed
himself as being more than pleased with
the results of the convention. ' .
The Rev. J. A" Henderson of Toronto,
together- with, a large. -number of Cana
dian delegates, left; for .the East., via the
Northern route yesterday. - ; •• ¦¦? -, -'. •
The. Rev. .Samuel PlantZ;. private*secre
tary of Dr. Berry, left for New York -via
Seattle last night. ' He was 1 accompanied
The Bub-commtttee appointed. to settle
the dispute between Minneapolis and De
troit for the next, meeting place 'of the
International- convention of 1903 will not
determine the- point' until Detroit makes
a dennlte offer. It is understood that the
offer made by Minneapolis is not entirely
May Win".
¦ The "contest for. the honor of ' securing
the next meeting place for, the State con-;
yention was participated in by San Fran
cisco and Los Angeles. -Both cities hadi
their- strong partisans, but when it be-j
came, evident that neither city could win, •
Fresno entered the field. as a dark horse,
and ' won by threo lengths. The reason'
assigned 'for, the. selection, of Fresno was
that ; its geographical location ¦ rendered it '
the most desirable city for the purpose of
holding the convention. ' •
After praise : services the convention ad
journed.
After devotional 'exercises led by Rev.
Joseph Emory of Chico, addresses were
made by W. B. Palmore. editor of. the St.
Louis Advocate; Rev. J. J. Tigert of Nash
ville, Rev. Mr. Turrentlne of North Caro
lina and Rev. Mr. Jones of West Virginia,
The work of the young people in forward
ing the purposes of the league formed the
general subject for discussion.
A committee on resolutions, consisting
of Nathan Newby of Los Angeles, chair-'
man; C. R; Wickes. Miss Elizabeth: Price ,
and Rev. J.' A. Batchelder, • presented a
series of resolutions, which were read and
adopted with some enthusiasm. The res
olutions declared against the liquor traffic
and bound all league members to do their i
utmost to forward' the purposes of, the
order. ¦ • .'• ¦ ¦. • .
The following named officers were ¦
elected:, i » . . '
President. H. N. Caldwell of Lomnoo; first
vice president. . C. R. Wickes Jr. of Willows;
second vice president, Mi»s- Grp.ce Castle of.
Merced; third vice president, Noel Garrison of'
Holllster; secretary and treasurer/ Frank.
Greenleaf of Santa - Ana; superintendent of
Work, Mrs. E; K.-Healey- of Oakland. .. . , • ,'
President, Samuel "W. Brown of San Jose;
first vice president, Mis« Ethel Foajte of
Uklah; second vice president. Miss Lulu Shel
toii of Woodland; third. vice president, Horace
N. CaldwelJ of Lomcoc; secretary and treas
urer. Harry L. Buchell of Gllroy.
The tenth j annual . convention of the
State Epworth. League, Methodist Epis
copal Church South, was held in the Cen
tenary Church", corner of Golden Gate av
enue and Polk street, yesterday morn
ing. Several hundred delegates were
present, and the following named officers
answered to the roll call; ".
State League Convention.
Bishop Wa,rren left for Santa Cruz yes
terday. The Bishop has a charming villa
at that pfilnt. He will return to tho city
within two weeks. '
League Secretary .Du Bose, accom
panied by his secretary, O. W. Patton,
left for New York last night.
Rev. Matthew Hughes, one of the great
workers of the convention, will leave for
Los Angeles to-day.
Rev. J. J. Tlgert, one of the prominent
delegates and orators of the convention,
left for his home at Nashville, Tenn.,
yesterday.
by Judgo Fuller, one of tho principal
speakers who officiated at the convention.
The published report that the German-
American Methodist rally did not take
place on Sunday wns an error. Tho ofil
clal programme announced that the rally
would take place at the Howard-street
Methodist Church, when it should have
been St. Paul's German Methodist Church
on Broadway. At this sanctuary some 500
German leaguers gathered, and the re
sult was a rousing meeting. Rev. George
Guth, the pastor, presided. Several Ger
man visitors delivered addresses, and the
exercises closed with a' consecration ser
vice.
satisfactory to the committee, which in
nlsts upon a Kuarnntco of some kind be
foro ftnully accepting. Tho committee will
not consider tho mutter further in this
city, nnd It may bo severnl months be
fore tho choice Is jinnouncert. This delay
la rognrded by tbo Detroit delegation as a
victory for its city.
An 'nudlcnco of less than 2000 ' people
guthori'd Ht the Pavilion last night; tho
occnnlon bolng thn third concert given by
tho largo chorus in nld of tho convention
fund. Tho chorus was diminished In size
nnrt strength by the departure of tho
greater purt of the Los Angeles section,
but this tiki not materially tiffed the ar
tistic success of tho concert. The chor
uses wero sung with spirit, and the ap
preciation of the audience was frequently
manifested by vociferous applause.
The entire programme was rendered as
at the previous concerts. The organist
was W. JJ. King of Oakland, anrt^ the di
rectors wore Robert Husband, Isaac E.
Blnke, J. J. Morris nnd W. C. Stadtfeld.
An organ recital will 'be given this even
ing. . There will ho no reserved seats on
this occasion'nnd nrtmlssionwill be free. 1
ON HONORARY TARGET
The following scores were made on- the
honorary target yesterday: F. E. Mason!
«- : £\ Me £ er ' A - Haynke. Sacramento
6<; Otto Burmeister,. 66; Dr. A. M Bar
ker. San Jose, 65; Louis Haake, 64-" L. p
Hansen, New Jersey, 64; D. W. McLaugh-
Hn. 64; W. C. Zinkand. 63; L. Barrere
63; Dr. F. H. Bangs. San Jose. 63; Captain
Fred Kuhnle, Petaluma, 62; E. H. Ladd
62; J. Dornbierer, 61; James Busfield''
Massachusetts, 61; M. Hatkins, CO- a!
Breuss. 59; F. C. Ross, New York *59- j
F. Peck. 58; H. H. Christensen, San Fr'anl
clsco- Police Department, . 68; "Herman
Huber. 57; George Dahlbender, 67. .
Some excellent scores. were made on the
ring- target; besides N. Ahrens' score of
73, L. Brehm of Pennsylvania made 72;
A. Gehret made one string of .72, • five of
71 and eight of 70; C. Meyer of Sacramento
made 71,
The following are the highest scores on
the principal targets yesterday: Man
target— H. M. Pope, Massachusetts, 78;
ring target— N. Ahrens, San Francisco, 73;
standard target— T. R. Geisel. Massachui
setts, 49; bear target-F. N. Scofleld, San
Diego, 16.
RIFLEMEN SCORE HIGH
Of. the seventy-three competitors who
have finished their king shoot twenty who
have made the highest scores will be en
titled to prizes. They are as follows: A.
Strecker 394. L. P. Ittel 390. F. C. Ross 375,
F. E. Mason 371, A. H. Pape 368. F. W
Bclknsp, F. P. Schuster, E. Berg 356, John
Utschig 355, A. Gehret 352, A. Mocker 350,
E. F. Richter 343. T. R. Geisel 342, Jacob
Gruehler 341, H. M. Pope 339. D. W. Mc-
Laughlln 339, F. V. Scofleld 337, W. H.
French 337. M. C. Ramsey 336, August
Haynke 325.
The .following won festival goblets yes
terday: F. Mathie, .Wisconsin; El D.
Payne, Cincinnati; August Haynke, Sac
ramento; J. Singer, Los Angeles; E. D.
Neff, Los Angeles; J. D. Heise, F. D.
Smith, William Doell, D. W. McLaugh-
Hn, E. H. Ladd.
Gold medals for 150 points and upward
were awarded to L. Brehm, Pennsylva
nia; L. P. Ittel, Pennsylvania: F.C. Ross,
New York; L. P. Hansen. New Jersey;
H. M. Pope, Massachusetts; Dr. F. H.
Bangs, San Jose; H. Huppert, M. O. Feud
ner, Joseph Maier, W. H. : Seuver, Captain
F. A. Kuhls. John Peters, W. Glinde
mann, George H. Bahrs, L. N. RItzau." .
Silver medals for 50 points and upward
were won by M. C. Ramsey, Colorado;
Herbert Weber, New York; Dr. H M
Barker, San Jose, and the following from
San Francisco: O. Dammer, George Rich
mueller, Fred Levers.-H. Pflrmann, J. H.
Dean, Dr. L. O. Rodgers; R. Meyerhofer,
August Jungblut, A. Becker, F A
Schrumpf. Emll Ipsen. Fred H. Bushnell,
John Woebcke. ' ¦ .
The delegates did not select the officers
to serve for the next three years at the
meeting. It was determined to delay the
election of executives until the meeting in
New York City, the date for which will
be named in the near future.
NEXT BUNDESFEST
At the meeting of the delegates to the
Third National Bundesfest, held last
night at Shell Mound Park, New York
was selected as the place at which the
next festival will be held. It will take
place in 1904 at one of the numerous
shooting parks surrounding the Empire
City.
Btrecker. the wonderful California 6hot,
by those who know the value of his mar
velous record. The other shooters who
have been blazing away at the various
targets during the last ten days will also
be rewarded for their efforts. Who they
are none but the secretaries know. The
distribution of prizes will be made this
afternoon immediately after the last shot
is fired. The king will be crowned at 7
p. m. amid ull tho pomp and glory which
surrounds the coronation of the greatest
of national shooting monarchs.
NEW YORK SECURES ,
. BE CROWNED TO-DAY
This is the last day on which the marks
men will pave a try at the butts. There
will be no shooting after 12 o'clock. The
kinsly laurels are conceded to Adolph
Philo Jacoby, the veteran sharpshooter,
scored three consecutive bullseyes on the
Germanja target yesterday and secured
a place (n the front rank of marksmen
on that target.
SCHUE2ZEN KING WILL
The party of excursionists consists of
ninety»three members of the Independent
Kew York . Schuetzen Club, the New
York Central Schuetzen Club, the Hobo
ken Schuetzen Club and the Hoboken In
dependent Schuetzen Club.
N. Ahrens made ?3. two centers and one
23 shot, on the rins target yesterday
mornlrtff. Dr. Lee O. Rodgers of this
city and. F. W." Belknap of . Los Angeles
lead Ahrens' score- by Just one point on
the same target. Secretary L. Haake had
his first opportunity to do a little shoot
ing: yesterday and --started hl3 score on
the king target with a red flag and within
two boars from the time he commenced
he had won a silver and a gold medal and
scored $4 on the honorary target.
Captain Webber, who acted as spokes
man for the party of Eastern sharpshoot
ers, vrhlch accompanied him, said yes
terdav: "I have visited all the beautiful
spots* in the old country and I say in all
truth that there is nothing across the
vater that can compare with the beauties
of this State." The TCew York party vis
ited JjOS Angeles,. Pasadena, Redlands
and Monterey on the trip and will return
home via Seattle and Portland, thus view
ing the southern, northern and middle
portions of the State. They will go to
Buffalo from Portland,
Kuhls then ran to the window and en
deavored to catch sight of the would-be
robber, but failed to see him. No further
attempt was made to secure the medals,
as a strict watch was held during the
ni^ht.
The "Gay New Yorkers" were present
at the festival yesterday for the second
time since it» commencement. They at
tended the opening: of the shooting bund,
end since the first day have been touring
the State in their special train.
While the fire which raged about tbo
Gaben Temple Sunday night was being
fought by the marksmen an attempt was
made to enter the cottage which is occu
pied by President Kuhlu and Shooting
Masters Huber and Schuster. But for the
activity of the president of the bund the
vests upon which were pinned fully $3000
•worth of gold and silver medals would
have been Ftolen.
The attempt at robbery was made at a
time when there was no one in the cottage
but President Kuhls. His presence In the
house at the time was due to a warning
given *iim by one of the special police
men on duty who found the golden bear,
the moFt prized trophy in the possession
of the California Schuetzen Club, outside
the fence surrounding the grounds. He
Mippected that thieves were planning a
raid, and Informed those who occupied the
residence of his suspicion. That it was
¦well founded -was proved a few hours
later.
Captain Kuhls, when the fire at the
prize temple was reported to him, deter
mined to remain in the house and guard
its contents. Schuster, Huber, Edward
Ooetze and William Garms rusjied to the
fire and saved the valuable trophies.* The
rescuers were severely burned about
the hands and arms, but succeeded in
saving the thousands of dollars' worth of
Filverware on exhibition in the temple'.
The bundes president, who was in the
front room of the cottage while the blaze
¦was in progress at the temple, heard a -sus
picious noise in the adjoining room and on
rushing in found that his vest, which con
tained medals valued at $1000. was, through
some unseen agency, being pulled toward
the window of the room. He grabbed the
valuable piece of wearing apparel and
E reverted the thief from profiting by his
oldness.
Propose to Start a Big Business and
Conduct It Solely by the Fair
; , : .'.v .:: ' . : .Sex.,
AUSTIN, Texas, July 22.— A company
with a ( capital stock of $250,000 in which
all the officers and stockholders are young
women has been organized for the pur
pose of building and operating an ex
tensive oil pipe system in the Beaumont
oil fields. The . charter of the company
which has 1 the- name .of "The Young
Ladies' Oil Company" was filed In the
Secretary of State's office here, to-day. The
incorporators are: Louisa F. Smcad of
New York City. Leota Stump of Port
Arthur, Texas; Maud < A. Wisdom, Agnes
Hageman of Beaumont r Catherine C. Bur
ton of Washington, D. C; Carrie A. Head
of Joplin.Mo. The company will have its
principal office at Beaumont and its busi
ness .will be wholly conducted by women.
It proposes to buy oil from. the producer
and ship it to the markets of the wor|J.
WOMEN INCORPORATE
AN OIL COMPANY
divorced wife of Dan R. Hanna, who
with her children succeeded in leaving
New York July 13 on the steamer Cam
pania for London in spite of efforts to
stop their departure, and who is staying
with friends here, said this afternoon:
"I cannot see why there should be this
fuss about my affairs. The court gave
me absolute control of my children, and
Hanna consented before leaving Cleve
land that I should take the children away.
The death of my mother recently and my
own Illness necessitated my coming
abroad. ...
"When I reached New York I found ix'.y
hotel surrounded with ' detectives bent
upon preventing my children leaving. If
it. is necessary, I may. send for my hor3es
and make my future home in Kngland,
where I will prepare my boys for Eton
and Oxford. I am determined to bring up
my children myself and they are securely
mine in England." .
Mrs. Hanna appears worn and nervous,
apparently as a result of her recent :n
tense mental strain^
Eivorced Wife of T>. R. Hanna Is at
Present Staying With Friends
in London.
LONDON. July 22.— Mrs. Hanna, the
MAY MAKE ENGLAND
HER FUTURE HOME
with tall spars like an American pas
senger steamer, seemingly on lire oft Dun
das Island. She was standing still, and
with his glasses he made out a cloud
of smoke which almost obliterated her
hull and rose about 100 feet above her
ppnrs, and it seemed at times as if there
was lire in the dense smoke. Now and
again the smoke obliterated her smoke
stack and high spur* completely. For
three quarters of an .hour the steamer
stood still, with the great cloud of smoke
rolling from her, and then, while the Nell
remained off shore waiting for high water
to get into the creek the steamer sud
denly turned around and headed straight
for Dundas Island, as though those on
hor Intended to run her ashore and let
their passengers off. When «he got well
in townrd Dundns Island the cloud of
smoke arose higher, covering the steamer
entirely, and when it lifted the steamer
wns no longer visible.
Tho belief of tho master of the Nell In
thnt those on the steamer succeeded in
prcttinK tho fire under control, for al
though there was a monster cloud of
smoke there may not have been a very
great blaze. With the fire out the steamer
may have swune around from where he
last saw her well* in on Dundas Island
ami proceeded on her voyage.
li ¦ !fr*r Craft.' ¦¦ - "- ¦
VICTORIA, B. C; July 22.— A strange
story of a fire on one of the steamers run
ning to Alaska is brought by the steamer
Nell, which arrived to-day. Tho master,
of that steamer says that ten days ago,
when the Nell was lying off the creek
near Port Simpson, waiting to get into the
Georgetown Mills, he saw a large steamer.
Steamer Nell Brings News of Possible
Disaster to an Unknown ¦
SIGHTS BURNING VESSEL
OFF NORTHERN COAST
MANILA, July 22.— The conference be
tween Adjutant General Corbin and Gen
eral Chaffee, recently held here, will pro
bably result in radical economical and ad
ministrative reforms in the army of oc
cupation. It is estimated that the total
cost of maintaining the American army
in the Philippines can be reduced by sixty
per cent In the course of one year. The
principal change will be the reduction of
the prqsent force to between 20,000 and
30.000. The abolishmeut of the present
army districts If contemplated and three
brigades with permanent headquarters at
Manila, Dagupan and Hollo or Cebu will
be instituted In .their stead. The troops
will bo 'concentrated at three points se
lected,' abandoning all minor posts. The
change will result in an enormous saving
of transportation of supplies and the pay-
Ing of detail .'barracks for the offices. " At
present In' most towns, the troops are
quartered in churches; convents and pub
lic and private buildings, for the use.of
which" considerable rentals are- paid. In
"the majority o£ other cases, where the
troops do not cccupy public buildfngs, it
Is believed rental' should be paid for the
goldiers' quarters if their occupancy is
continued, since these regions are pacl
: fled and -their- Inhabitants have sworn-al
legiance to the United States. - v -'
• Adjutant General Corbin and ' General
Chaffee- have decided upon the construc
tion of barracks at the pumping station,
about six miles from Manila, and the
source of the city's water supplly, to ac
comodate the three regiments of infantry,
one of cavalry and eight batteries of ar
tillery as well as the general commissary
and quartermaster's store house to cost
$100,000. The erection of this latter build
ing will reduce expenses 520.000 a month,
being the rentals paid for the commissary
and quartermaster store houses in Manila
alone. An electric railway, connecting
the docks on the Paslg river and the new
store house will be constructed.
Generals Corbin and Chaffee have also
decided upon one single general military
hospital to replace the seven military hos
pitals in Manila and vicinity; one of the
latter buildings will be converted into a
hospital. The reduction of the great fleet
of government launches and small gov
ernment steamers has already begun.
Permanent barracks have been erected
at Dagupan to accomodate all the troops
necessary to Northern Luzon. Govern
ment vessels will carry supplies for the
Southern brigade from the United ritntes
direct to Ilcilo' without touching at
Manila.
The insular constabulary is now being
organized. It will be maintained by the
Insular government and is expected to be
tmply abl>? to preserve peace and enforce
the law. This constabulary will, as a gen
eral rule, be armed with rifles, but its
members have been given 5000 shotguns
and 2000 ponies relinquished by the army
The telegraph system throughout the
archipelago established by the signal
corps has bean taken over by the civil
government.
Much wheeled transportation, formerly
telonglng to the army, has already been
disposed of.
Contemplated Reduction
of Present Force of
Soldiery.
: ? —
Troops to Be Concentrated
and All Minor Posts
Abandoned.
ARMY CHANGES
IN PHILIPPINES
TWO LAWYERS
ARE REBUKED
Commissioner Powderly
Blasts -Dye and
•Stidger.i
From the Local Ghines.e
Bureau.
Suggests Their Disbarment
Clarkson D.y« and O. P. Stidger, law
yers who have been doing some business
In the landlna of Chinese, have been rec
ommended lor, disbarment by Labor Com
missioner Po*'derty for having- - made
themselves offanetve to* James R. Dunn,
chief Inspector In charge of the Chinese
Bureau.
A letter from Commissioner Powderly
reached Custom* Inspector Stratton yes
terday, in which letter Powderly says
that Dye and StMger have been guilty
of grossly unprofessional conduct and are
not the kind of people to whom the Col
lector should extend the courtesy of ap
pearing before the Chinese -Bureau for
their clients. The Commissioner, there
fore, authorizes the Collector to withhold
from Messrs. Dye and Stidger the privi
leges usuallv granted attorneys in . the
Chinese Bureau, should the Collector be
lieve that such a course would be for the
best interests of the bureau. As soon as
Chief Dunn had been served with an offi
cial copy of the letter he wrote a letter
to Collector Stratton urging the disbar
ment of the attorneys named, so far as
the Chinese Bureau Is concerned, as a
measure of protection to the bureau in its
efforts to prevent the landing in this State
of coolie laborers. - .
Chief Dunn made an oral statement
yesterday of the incidents that culminated
in calling down Commissioner Powderly's
thunderbolts upon the heads of the unfor
tunate attorneys. F"r*m that statement
it appears that Mr. Dye was attorney for
a Chinese laborer who wished to pay a
visit to China and return. In order to
comply with the law this Chinaman made
affidavit that he had credits in this State
covered by promissory notes. Upon this
affidavit Chief Dunn refused to issue a
return certificate, his interpretation of
the exclusion act beinff that the debts
claimed to be owing: to the emigrant
should not -be ascertained or settled debts
or covered by promissory notes or other
colorable evidence of debt.
From this refusal to Issue the certifi
cate Dye took an appeal. Dunn says. He
alleged that the promissory notes had
been destroyed after Chief Dunn had ta
ken action on his client's application, and
in his behalf he said the promissory notes
never existed. He accused Chief Dunn of
bias and prejudice against the Chinese
and of ignorance regarding the business
methods of the Chinese. Chief Dunn took
Mr. Dye to task for the allegations in
the brief reflecting upon the Chiefs mo
tives, and told Mr. Dye what he thought
of htm. . • ¦ . • ¦ .
Continued From Pa'ge One.
ADOLPH STRECKER UNDENIABLY
KING OF MARKSMEN'S WORLD
TOPEKA, Kans., July 22.— Mrs. Carrie
Xation was to-day fined J10Q .and given
a thirty days* Jail sentence by Judge -Ha
xen in the District Court for disturbing
the peace and dignity of the cityi by a
Sunday joint raid last March. There is
no apneal, and the noted woman must
serve" "her time in prison. ....
Carrie Uation Sent.to Jail.
Daily Epworth League Excursions to
Southern California, July 18th
to August 15th.
Southern Pacific sells Epworth Leaguers
and friends round trip tickets to Southern
California, Including San Jose. Santa -Bar
bara, Los Angeles. Riverside, Redlands,
San Bernardino, Santa Ana, Pasadena,
Pomona. Long Beach and Santa Monica,
for .$19.50. limit August 31. Stopovers
everywhere- San Diego. Catalina, Mount
Lowe, Del Monte and Santa Cruz slight
extra -charge. Call Southern Pacific of
fices, €13 Market street and Mechanics'
Pavjlion. ".'.¦.-
Winner of Race Proves
Very Speedy in Fair
Weather.
COLUMBIA LOSES
TO CONSTITUTION
Rare Skill and Judgment
Mark Handling of Both
Vessels.
Smooth Water and Steady Wind.
NEW YORK, July 22.— The race between
the Constitution and the Columbia on
Long Island Sound to-day again demon
strated that the Constitution Is the faster
fair-weather craft In a light breeze and
smooth water, over a twenty-one-mile
course, the Columbia was defeated four
minutes eighteen seconds, elapsed time.
The cruise of the New York Yacht Club
opened brilliantly to-day with • the race
for three valuable cups presented by
Commodore Ledyard. After the rendez
vous at Glencove the ; squadron got un
der way and steered for the starting line
off Matiniconk Point buoy, where the
steam yacht Revere with the regatta com
mittee aboard let go her anchor. The
whole fleet was eligible to compete and
was divided into three classes, schooners,
single masted vessels and yawls In cruis
ing trim, and the two cup defenders, Con
stitution and Columbia, in racing trim.
Naturally the principal interest was
focused on these two splendid racers,
which came to the encounter in thorough
ly fit condition. Starting in a, nice sailing
breeze, which, however, at no time ex
ceeded a seven-knot strength, the Con
stitution beat her rival, the Columbia,
smartly handled and sailed with rare skill
and judgment, four minutes and eighteen
seconds over a twenty-one-mile course.
The first leg was eleven miles northeast
by east, one-half east, dead before the
wind, the -second leg being a beat to wind
ward of five miles, west southwest, one
half west, and the third leg a stretch with
the wind forward of the starboard beam
to finish line, one mile west from Eaton's
Point light.
The water was smooth and the wind
fairly steady from start to finish. The
Constitution started absolutely last of all
the competitors. She overhauled the hind
most very rapidly and several minutes
before the outer mark was reached she
held a proud position in the van, beating
the Columbia four minutes and seven sec
onds. Luffing beautifully round the mark
she buckled down to a pretty thresh to
windward, and in this%hort leg she gained
flfty-slx seconds on her rival. In the last
leg she gained six seconds and romped
past the stakeboat a winner of the cup.
The extension of the bowsprit of the
Constitution will necessitate a remeasure
ment of the yacht for time allowance.
Roughly estimated, the Constitution
should allow the Columbia fifty-one
seconds over a twenty-one mile course,
so, on corrected time, the Constitution is
a winner by three minutes twenty-seven
seconds. It should be also borne In mln.l
that in the run before the wind the
Columbia was favored with a freshening
breeze, which helped her to materially
lessen the gap. once nearly a mile wide,
which separated her from her antagonist.
Had It not been for this the victory of the
Constitution would have been far more
decisive and convincing.
Former Cup Defenders Start.
A pleasing: incident in the contest was
the appearance of the celebrated old
schooner America, which more than half
a century ago won the historic cup for
which Shamrock II will- race this year.
Another former cup ; defender, the
schooner Columbia, which sailed several
successful races against 1 Ashbury's
schooners Cambria and . Livonia when
they came here in .1870 and 1S71, al.sd
started.
- The times at the start were as follows:
Constitution, 2:46:35. Columbia. 2:45:58.
The finish— Constitution, 5:13:50. Colum
bia. 5:17:31.
LEAGUE DELEGATES ARE DEPARTING
WELL PLEASED WITH THEIR VISIT
Conference of the State Epworth League of the Methodist Church South.
Officers Are Elected and I, Fresno Is Chosen as the Next Meeting Place
of the State Convention-Notes of Leaguers and Last Night's Concert
His wheel was wrecked by the fender
of the car and the man fell directly In
front of the vehicle. He was pushed sev
eral feet and crushed before Gripman
Kennedy could stop the car.
- . People were panic-stricken by the awful
sight, and It was several seconds before
witnesses - of the accident could gather
their -senses and fro to the Injured man's
assistance. • He was tenderly carried to
Dr. Bryan's drug- store under the Grand
Hotel, -and later taken to the Central
Emergency Hospital. Later in the after
noon his father and alster visited -the
hospital and identified the injured man.
At a -late hour Driscoll was sinking and
his death was expected any moment.
The accident occurred about 4:30 o'clock
and was witnessed by hundreds. Driscoll
was riding up Market street on the left
car track. He saw a Valencia-street car
approaching from th<* opposite direction
and swung on the right track, directly
In front of the Castro-street car.
A horrible accident occurred on Market
street, at the corner of Second, yesterday
afternoon. Thomas B. Driscoll, a marine
painter, residing at 517 Jessie street,
while riding a bicycle, was run over by
Castro-street car No. 114. The man was
horribly mangled and lies In a dylngr con
dition at the Receiving Hosplta,
Is Badly Injured and Hi3
Death Is Expected
Momentarily.
Thomas B. Driscoll Meets
With a Horrible (¦
Accident.
GAR MANGLES
A BICYCLIST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 23, 1901.
4
SCENES ATTENDING THE DEPAR
TURE OF THE EPWORTII LEAG
UERS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OF THE
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Frankfort Marine
Accident
And Plate Glass
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF FRANKPORT-OX-THE-MAIN, GER-
many, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1900, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Coda,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $313.500 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company 1237,698 13
Loans on Bonds and Mortgagea S3S.359 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
' Bonds owned by Company 631.153 75
Cash in Company's Office 8.H8 13
Cash In Banks .¦....' 272.083 31
Due from Agents and from other •¦ ¦
Insurance Companies - 667,555 78
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 8,340 S3
Total Assets {3.581.324 63
LIABILITIES. — — —-
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1 - . .
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense I2S1.708 SS
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses , ,'.
Gross premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks. $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent 62,373 25
Gross premiums on Marine Time
rtlsTcs. J— — ; reinsurance 50 per
cent -.
Liability under other Branches 597,762 60
Pension fund • 23.105 02
All other Liabilities 808,196 01
Total Liabilities n.771.144 76
INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums yy.-v: *i.«w«i 38
Received for Interest and dividends •
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other'sourcea , 43.638 38
Received for transfer fees ...' zu 30
Total Income ....$1,495,632 22
EXPENDITURES. - . - ¦ . =
Net amount paid for Losses J701.965 30
Dividends to Stockholders 81,230 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or '
Brokerage -... 383.574 07
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc • 84,900 02
Paid for State. National and Local' ' ...
taxes • • •• 8.2S3 26
All other payments and expenditures . 47,988 93
Total Expenditures .$1,307.963 64
CARL IIOFF. Vice President.
P. DUMCKE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th
day of April. 1901 ' Mla
RICHARD GUEXTHER, Consul General.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.,
General Managers,
204, 206 and 208 SANSOME STREET*
San Francisco, CaL
The disfiguration caused by skin disease,
even more than the tormenting irrita-
tion which is so commonly associated
•with it. The use of Dr. Pierce'3 Golden
ADVERTISEMENTS.
a — m^ mmrB - wt^ amtl Medical Discovery
' ra^ '^^Cm^iis^pT^i! ctire °*" eczema,
W"%2^^\&$^*^ pimples, eruptions
I&!v3^ ft^lpiilffl an d other form3
jesglV^y^^^V^^SS °^ disease which
VstZ?'^— r?J5SEa have their cause
fc/^^s./L. Nl in an impure con-
E? \. £. ~ ~— -^ dition of the blood.
M\\^^"? olden Medical
prawV \\ n^zI^^m Discovery" abso-
1 Hk^^SBSS p ?t s the
H blood of humors
Kjjj^l fir/77v^^ Xl an(^ poisons, and
WSmF. /I I /(' \\ lay*! so cures he cuta -
U&i /'/ // \\ P"l ne ° 113 diseases
K# /// /' 1' \ \P$I wllicl1 bad blood
lif /'' 5*^*1 \ *aS b ree d 3 feeds.
K&U./^-' I I ,lllg<l There is no alco-
Wat t- .' • 1^3 hoi in the K Golden
H /, *| fj-jjrti Medical Discov-
Pg \ \ 1 .toga ery" and it is en-
Br 1 i Tpy tirely free from
m V\jO§ °P* um » cocaine.
W ml and all other nar-
L W "I was troubled
with eczema from the
ciqwu of my head to the soles of my feet."
writes Mrs. Ella Quick, of Cass City, Tuscola
Co., Mich.' "CouM *ot walk at times, nor we^r -
my shoes. Thought there ¦was no help for rae—
. at least the doctor said there was none. I went
&S see friends at Christmas time and there
. heard of the good that Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discover}' had done for them, and was
advised to try it at once. For fear that I might
negrlect it my friends sent to the village and
rot a bottle and made me promise that I would
lake it. I had been getting worse all the time.
I took thirteen bottles of the ' Golden Medical
Discovery ' and ten vials of Dr. Pierce's Pleasant
Pellets, and used the ' All Healing Salve,' which
made a complete cure. It was flow, but sure. I
was taking the medicine about eight months.
" I would say to all who read this : Try Dr.
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery before wast-
ing tine and money,"
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets assist the
action of the w Discovery J*Odd-Fellowship.
A new hall will be dedicated to the
Order of Odd Fellows in Exeter by the
grand master on the 8th of August.
The reports of the past term received at
the office of the grand secretary show
a very flattering gain during the first six
m The joint installation of Pacific and
Golden West's officers last Thursday night
was a- very impressive ceremony which
was witnessed by a large number of the
members of the order.
The allied bosses base their hopes of
success on a light vote at the primary
election. They concede that the Republi
can ' Primary League will win if a heavy
vote is cast on August 13. The large at
tendance of voters at league headquar
ters, Baldwin Annex, 930 Market street,
plainly signifies that "popular interest in
the approaching contest is on the in
crease. Last, night the league rooms
were crowded with representative men
from the various districts and the most
cheering accounts were given of district'
enrollment and enthusiasm. The at
tendance at the league rooms Is fivefold
greater than that exhibited by rival.as
sociations. Early in the campaign' sev
eral hundred enrollment books', each con
taining blanks and stubs for, twenty-five
names, were sent out. One hundred
books completely, filled out have been re
turned. Many other books will be filled
out and returned before the present. week
ends. ¦ *¦ ¦ ''¦
¦ The Important duty of citizens now re-,
lates to registration. On August 3 the
registration for the primary election will,
close.' The Registrar estimates that the
number of unregistered voters ¦ approxi
mates 5000. Steps should be taken to se
cure the registration- of every .citizen
who is entitled to vote. . ¦ ; • • ' .,
Property owners in e.very district should
urge their neighbors to register. Efficient,
progressive' and economical local govern
ment can be obtained if citizens will come
forward and perform | a duty to them
selves and the public. Failure to vote Is
a half vote for the bosses and taxlooters.
There is nothing vague or misty in con
nection with the contest now impending.
The bosses have lined up under the lead
ership of Gage. Kelly, Crimmins, Herrln
and Burns to force a government of cor
rupt bosslsm on the city. Martin Kelly
is the recognized archboss of the gang.
He has a little water front patronage at
his disposal, but twenty promises of em
ployment in the Stat.e service will be
given for every position at his command.
It is the general verdict of well informed
politicians that Governor Gage makes the
mistake of his life in interfering in the
municipal affairs of San Francisco. The
interference lets him out of the race for
the next Governorship of California.
Since the State Central Committee de
based Itself by recognizing the Kelly
County Committee the membership of the
Republican Primary League has increased
In a marked degree. On the other hand no
new life has been infused into the Martin
Kellv committee. The boss headquarters
Is deserted. KeputaMe citizens will not
go to tho committee rooms; candidates
are afraid of being seen there. The
scheme to boost the, bosses proves a flat
At the rooms of the Republican Primary
The Board of Election • Commissioners
adopted a** resolution yesterday granting
the Republican party a designation and
place on the official ballot to be used at
the primary election ! on August 13,, 1901.
In taking this action the board recognized
the petition filed by Augustus Tilden,
chairman, and A. B. Mahony, secretary,
but in doing so stated that the resolution
did not in any sense carry with it -th«
right to place the names of any particu
lar set of delegates on the ballot. "Jake
Steppacher presented' the resolution or tno
State Central Committee, deciding in
favor of the Tilden County Committee,
which had been prepared last Saturday
"after hearing argument on the case.
Commissioner Kellogg -then Introduced
the resolution on the subject as follows:
After the resolution was adopted, Attor
ney Ruef asked If the recognition of the
Tilden committee would result in the
printing of the names of Its delegates on
the official ballot. Ruef explained that
many people. were of the opinion that
such would be the result.
Commissioner Kellogg assured Ruef that
the decision 'simply covered the apportion
ment asked for by the Tilden committee
and that no names would be printed on
the ballots. This wlU give citizens the
right to vote for whatever delegates they
may choose ! '
cides Important Question of In
: , terest to Republicans.
Board of Election Commissioners De-
League enthusiasm and activity prevail.
Every day adds to the strength and pres
tige of the. league. Last night at a meet
ing: of club presidents and secretaries
every district but the Forty-first was rep
resented. By common consent . the antl
boss fight in the Forty-first is assigned to
the Central Republican Club, of which
Horace Davis is president. Prom other
districts the league received the most
gratifying reports: Delegate tickets were
discussed Informally, the sentiment being
expressed that citizens of the highest
character should be placed on the tickets.
NAMES OF DELEGATES
NOT ON THE BALLOT
PRIMARY LEAGUE REPUBLICANS
GAIN IN NUMBERS AND POWER
Indications of Larger Anti-Boss Vote and Com
plete Overthrow of Gage-Kelly Alliance at Pri
mary Election-First Duty of Citizens to Register
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 23, 1901. .
to . arrive.
Steamer Movements.
¦ GLASGOW—Sailed July 20—Stmr Sarmatian.,
for Montreal; stmr State of Nebraska, for New
York. .*;:» \
- !. -Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to .San
Francisco Bay. 'Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ¦
NOTE—The high and lew waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. JULY 23.
Sun rises ,'... 6:01
Sun sets :.7:27
Moon sets (first quarter) 11:29 p. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third lime column gives the last tide
of the day,"* except ] when there are but' three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
griven by the charts. The plane of reference U
the mean of the lower low waters. -
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Tratnp Steamers to Cany Wheat.
A fleet of tramp steamers is on Its way
here to load wheat for Europe. Steamers
Beem to be replacing the "wind jammers"
in the grain trade, as ten of them are now
en route to this port. The Glenlochy, the
first of the fleet, arrived here from Kuch
lnotzu, Japan, a few days ago. She u 4654
tons gross burden, 409 feet long, 49 feet 2
Inches beam and 29 feet 6 inches deep. .She
«-as built at Glasgow in 1896 and is under
rharter to Balfour. Guthrle & Co.
Movements of Transports.
The following United States transports
are now on their way here from Manila:
Lennox. 26 days out: Meade. 19 days; Stun
ner 6 days, and Sheridan, 4 days. The
Lennox left Nagasaki on the 5th inst and
Ik now due any day. The Meade left Nag
asaki on trie 11th inst. and should reach
here next Sunday.
The Thomas sails to-day with S00 school
teachers, and the Kllpatrick will take
away a similar number on August L
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British steamer Glenlochy will load
wheat at this port for Europe at 40s: the
British ship Australia. «am«- voyage. 27s 6d net:
both prior to arrival; the Ottlllle Fjord,
lumber at Eureka, and the Reporter, lumber
at Fairhavcn for Honolulu; the Lottie Carson,
lumber at Eureka for Guaymas; the Vine,
lumber «t thl« port for Sallna Cruz: the Mary
E. Foster and the i'oronsdo. merchandise for
Honolulu: the Transit, merchandise for Kahu
lui. and the Amy Turner, merchandise for Hllo.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The eteamer T'rnatilla sailed Saturday for
Victoria with a general cargo valued at $14,274,
Including the following merchandise: 14 cy!"
gas, 203 cs paste, 22 cs oil. 3 balen dry roods,
lil cs canned goods, 20S4 lbs. 120 cs bread, 330
pkgs machinery. 43 <-e eyrup. LS cs honey. 40
l<kKs groceries and provisions, 150 lba cheese,
IS «•» arms and ammunition, 110 cs raisins,
S47» lbs dried fruit, 2 eg electrical goods. 18 cs
hardware, IKS lbs beans. 142,(>25 lbs malt. 14$
K&ls. 1 cs wfne, 481 lbs chocolate. 2 c* drugs,
71 HEB onions, 60 Fks potatoes. 4&i5 pkgs fruits
and vegetables, 285 lbs coffee. 730 lbs pearl
barley, 208 lb« ham and bacon, 3036 lbs tea.
2 c5 leather, 162 gals brandy, 16 bdls paper, 240
lbs borax.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Monday, July 22."*
Stmr Sierra. Houdlette, SV4 days from Hono
lulu.
Stmr Luella, Madsen. • 48 hours from Re
tfondo.
Etmr Navarro, Jacobs, 20 hours from Needle
Bock. ¦ ¦ , -
! Etmr Iaqua, Gunder»:m, 42 hours from . San
Diero. , ", ' •
Stmr Celia, Hisglns. 1$ hours from Fort
Drags- * - *'>7
Stmr Grace Dollar, • Fosen, |»0 hours from
Grays Harbor. •
Schr Free Trade. Thorsen, iVt days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Occidental, Luberg, 13 days from Ta
coma.
CLEARED.
Monday, July 22.
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co. • •
SAILED.
Monday. July 22.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Eureka.
Stmr Luella. Jacobs. .
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendoclno.
i-tmr WentDort. Ericsson, Bear Harbor.
Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson, Eureka.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Schr Amethyst. Christiansen. Coquille River.
Schr Alcalde. Johnson. Eureka.
SPOKEN.
July J, no lat, Ion 28 W— Br ship Dearg,
from Astoria, for Queenstown.
June 6. lat 4 X. Ion 27 TV— Br bark Afon
Alaw. from Sweansea. for San Francisco.
June 10. lat 8 N*. Ion 26 W— Br bark Dun
earn, from Shields, for San Francisco.
July 17, lat 48 N, Ion , Br bark Austra
sia. hence March 1. for Queenstown.
July 17, lat 49 N, Ion 6 W— Ft bark General
Mllinet, from Hamburg, for Oregon.
Per stmr Sierra— July 20, Nor bark Cara,
from Fanama, for, Vancouver, wished to be re
ported.
Per stmr Sierra, off Honolulu— July 16. itrar
Mariposa. from Sydney, for Honolulu, bound
in.
MISCELLANEOUS.
HONOLULU. July 16— Schr Defender, which
arrived at Hanamaula on July 9, dragged her
anchors on July 12 and went ashore on rocks.
From reports received vessel lost part of shoe,
and rudder and rudder post are damaged. Ves
sel not making any water, and was afterwards
towed off and anchored In bay.
Bark St James, previously reported, during
a heavy gale lost main yard and sails, topsail
yard anfl fore toyal mast. Upon arrival cargo
was fJSf-d to be heated. . '
Bark C D Bryant, previously reported, has
been pumped out. The cargo is all damaged,
some by water and remainder by fire. Same
is being sold at public auction as it comes out.
_- - TELEGRAPHIC. '
POINT LOBOS, July 22. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR— Arrived July 22— Stmr South Coast,
hence July 21.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed July 21— Stmr Rob
ert Dollar, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived July 21— Schr Ariel, from
Honolulu: schr Wlnrtow. from Mollendo.
Sailed July 22— Schr Commerce, for San
Francisco.
I COOS BAY— Arrived Julv 21— Stmr Arcata,
hence July 18.
GRAYS HARBOR— bailed Julv 20— Schr
Guide, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 21— Stmr Newburg, hence July
17; schr Chas R Wlleon. hence July 11.
Arrived July 22— Schr J A Garfleld, from
San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 21— Stmr Mackinaw,.
for San Francisco; Br stmr Chlng Wo, for
London.
Arrived July 22— Stmr Farallon, frcm Skag
uay.
Sailed July 22. at 2:30 p m— Stmr Asuncion,
for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived July 22— Stmr Geo Loo
mi*, hence July 21.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived July 22— Schr W F
Jewett. from Hllo.
ASTORIA— Sailed July 22— Strar G W Elder,
for San Francisco; stmr Alliance, . for San
Francisco; Br stmr Pak Lin*, for .
Arrived July 22— Br «tmr Strathiryle. hence
July 19: Br ship Hilston, from Honolulu.
EUREKA— Arrived July 22— Stmr Pomona,
hence July 2L
NEAH BAY— Passed in July 22— Schr Mur
iel, from Petroraulbvskl.
Passed out July 22— Stmr Claverdon, from As-
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 22— Schr Roy
Somers, hence July 16. * , .
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived July 10— Bktn Irm
jrard, hence June 29. July 13— Schr Henry Wil
son, from Grays Harbor: bktn Araeo. from
Newcastle. NSW. July 14— Bark R P Rlthet.
hence June SO; schr Rosamond, henoe July 3.
July 15— Br stmr Doric, hence July 9.
Sailed July 9— Bktn Planter, for San Fran
cisco. July 11 — Stmr Hawaiian, for New York,,
via Kahului; Ital bark Pasquale Lauro. for
Puget Sound: shin Gob Roble, for Puget
Sound. July 13— Ship Chas E Moody, for San
Francisco: bark Alex McNeil, for Puget Sound;
ship John C Potter, for Puget Sound.
Arrived July 10 — Bark St James, from New
castle, ICSW.
Sailed July 16— Schr Annie M Campbell, for
Pueet Sound.
HANAMAULA— Arrived July »— Bchr De
fender hence July 26.
* FOREIGN PORTS.
BRISBANE— Arrived July 20— Br «tmr Mio
wera, from Vancouver.
FALMOUTH — Arrived July 20 — Br ship
County of Linllthgow. from Oregon.
HAMBURG — Arrived July 21— Ger stmr Pen
taur. hence April 14.
DEAL— Passed July 19— Ger bark Alateru
fer. from Hamburg, for . .
ROCHES POINT— Paried July 20— Fr bark
Sainte Anne, hence March. 12. for United Klng-
BANTA ROSALIA— In port July 17— Br ship
Rarnllan. from Hamburg; Br ship Ballachu
liah, from Hamburg; Br «hlp Thornliebank,
from Shields: Ger bark Elizabeth, from New- ,
castle: Ger ship Nederland. from Hamburg.
To nail about July 24 — Schr Louin. for .
• LA PAZ— In port prior to July 17— U 8 stmr
Alexander. S2 days from Baltimore, calling at
Santa Lucia, Montevideo and Valparaiso for
coal.
VALPARAISO— Sailed July 20— Ger stmr
Sorapl*. f"r Ka.n Francisco.
GUAYAQUIL— Arrived July 21— Nor stmr
J Horda. from Noyo, Cal.
ROYAL ROADS-Arrlved July 1-Br bark
Blytheswood( from Antofagasta. n
IQUIQUE— In port May'31— Br ship Iquique,.
for Pan Franclnco.
NAGASAKI— In port June 21— Fr bark Nari
ten. for Oregon. July 12— Ger ship Itenee Rick
men«. for Oreron. . /
ANTOFAGASTA— Arrrved June 9— Ger bark
Admiral Teptthoff. from Moodyvllle.
LIVERPOOL-:In port July 1— Br ship Spring
bank, for Vancouver.
MAZATLAN-Salled July 20-^Stmr Curacao,
for Pan Francisco. ...
ANTWERP— Sailed July 21— Br ship Glau
cus. for San Franc'sco. •,
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK-Arrived July 22-Stmr Phila
delphlan. from Liverpool. • -
MANILA— Sailed July 22— Stmr -Ping .Suey,
from Seattle and Tararoa. for London. .
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July ,13— Stmr R«ldon,
from Hongkong, for Seattle. fi&fttS&SwgKgaaft^
LONDON— Arrived July 22— Stmr Minneapo
lis, from New York.
The Sierra brings the news of a bad ac
cident to the schooner Defender. She ar
rived at Hanamaula from San Francisco
en July 9 and six days later, during a
blow, her anchors dragged and she went
on the rocks. After some trouble she was
got off and inspected. She was not leak
ing, but part of Xhe shoe was gone and
the rudder and rudder post damaged.
She will be fixed up and sent to this port
for an overhauling.
The C. D. Bryant, which caught fire at
the wharf and was flooded, has since been
pumped out and when the Sierra sailed
her cargo was being sold at public auction
es Quickly as it could be taken out of the
hold. It is not thought that the huli is
much damafied.
When the bark St. James, before report
ed as partially dismasted, reached Hono
lulu it was found that her cargo of coal
was heated. Had she been out much
longer the crew might have had a fight
¦with fire as well as with the storm king
on their hands.
TWO OF SUGAR FLEET DAMAGED
c-nroHE Oceapic Steamship Company's
11 Sierra arrived from Honolulu
i yesterday after a good run of five
]\ days and twelve hours. She was
detained outside five hours by the
fog and was then held three hours in
quarantine, so it was after 4 p. m. before
Fhe docked. The Australian Mail .steamer
Mariposa was entering Honolulu as the
Sierra was leaving. The former will ar
rive to-day.
Among those who came home on the
Sierra orere Professor David Starr Jordan
and his son, Rabbi M. S. Levy, Edward
Pollitz. S. T. Alexander and Father Mc-
Kinnon. Professor Jordan has been mak
ing an inspection of the food tithes of Ha
waii. Mr. Alexander, who is a member
cf the firm of Alexander & Baldwin, has
been on a tour of th* world; Father Me-
Kinnon is coming home- for his health.
Edward Pollitz was in the islands on bus
iness end Rabbi Levy for pleasure. The
full !ist of first and second cabin pas
sengers follows:
g. T. Alexander. R. Antone. Mta. R. An
tcne. A. L. Black, L. W. Boehen. Mrs. L. W.
Bocher. Miss F. \V. Bixby, Miss Brainard, Miss
F. Block, I>. T. Bailey, C. A. Bonham. S.
Hates. Mrs. Captain Brann. E. J- Cotton, Dr.
K. O. Cochrane, Mrs. Chambers, J. C. Cohen,
ti TV <~arr. D. S. Doweett. H. G. Egloff, W\
J Erloff. F. B. Edwards, J. A. Feuger. Mrs.
A M Fine. P. Frazier Jr.. Mrs. Gurney. Miss
Oumer. W. S. Oellette. Mrs. Gellette. Mn. J.
K. Hacer. Colonel A. G. Hawes. Mrs. W. F.
/ Hanna, Mrs. Haverside. Mrs. Hobron. L. C.
Holland, 'Miss Hoffman, Mrs. Hoffman, Miss
Hoffman, A. Hallette, S. B. Herrick. Mr.
Healy. K. S. Jordan, Dr. D. S. Jordan, Mr.
JpElin. H. A. Kopter. M. Kochman. Mrs. U»
r»»noe Miss Lawrence, Rev. M. F. Levy. H. C.
Meyers M. B. Mihran, Mr. McKillOD. Mrs.
Mcknio, Father McKinnon. Mrs. Madden,
Master Madden. C. Madden. Mrs. Mum
ford. Master Mumford, Mrs. Morrow.
Miss Morrow. j; H. Mull. H. V.
Morgan. Captsln Xissen, Mrs. Nissen.
Mr* C C Nichols. Master Nichols, E. Ori
velll. Edw. Polletz. John Piver, H. S. Pond.
J. QuStin, C. R. Rusby. C. du Roi. H. J.
Khodes, Mr. Rodwell. N. A. Saeer. M.
Fchir.idt. H. N. Scoville. G. B. Sturgeon. Pro
fete ?r Scott. Dr. R. M. Stith. Mrs. Stith. Mrs.
•VV. O. Smith. Miss Smith. Mrs. A. Samson.
Mrs. Schammen. Miss Schammen, Mrs. cl'a
ken. th« Misses Sildken, L. A. Thurston. Mr.
Thompson, H. M. von Holt. Mrs. ™n Ho t.
Master von Holt. Miss von Holt, E. B. V\ ella.
Raxtoa WriEht. J. Wakefield. V.\ S. Withers,
J. S. TVheeler.
The Sierra also brought up fifty -nine
tteeragre passengers and a large cargo.
BRITISH TRAMP STEAMSHIP GLENLOCHT, THE ADVANCE GUARD OF A ".FLEET THAT IS COMING HERE TO
LOAD WHEAT FOR EUROPE- TEN OF THEM ARE EXPECTED TO TAKEAWAY FROM THIS PORT OVER
50,000 TONS OF GRAIN. ' ' v" . • ¦ ..
¦•-• c ¦ • ¦ -
Schooner Defender Drags Her Anchors and 'Goes Ashore Near Hanamaula,
Losing Part of Her Shoe and Damaging Rudder and Rudder Post— the
Cargo of the C. D. Bryant Damaged by Fire and Water Is Sold at Auction
MANY PASSENGERS COME HOME FROM
HAWAII ON THE STEAMSHIP SIERRA
5
Time Time ! Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L W H W L W
23*71. 5:26 3.6 10:22 2.0 5:21 5.3
L. W H ' W > L, TV • H XV
2i ... 0:17 1.3 6:43 8.5 11:12 2.5 6:03 5.3
25 ... 1:12 1.0 7:5B 3.6 12:09 2.7 6:4S 5.4
26 ... 1:5S 0.6 9:00 3.8 1:04 3.0 7:35 5.5
27... 2:40 0.2 9:51 4.1 1:5S 3.1 8:16 5.7
23... 3:21—0.1 10:31 4.4 2:50 2.9 9:00 5.8
29 ..| 3:58|— 0.6| ll:10| 4.6| 3:36| 2.S| 9:43 5.8
Steamer.
From.
! Due.
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... July 23 '
Tellus Oyster Harbor July 23
San Bias Panama & Way Ports.. July 23
San Pedro Humboldt July 23
Conemaugh.... Nome & St. Michael... July 23
North Fork Humboldt July 23
Mariposa Sydney & "Way Ports.. July 23
Asuncion Seattle July 24
Hermonthls — Seattle July 24
Arcata Coos Bay July 24
Coronado San' Pedro July 24
O. XV. Elder.. Portland and Astoria.. July 24
Pomona Humboldt July 24
Del Norte Crescent City July 25
Kobt. Dollar... Seattle and Hadlock.... July 25
Santa Rosa Ran Diego & Way Ports July 25
Coos Bay Newport t Way Ports. July 23
Alliance........ Portland & Coos Bay... July 25
Washtenaw — Tacoma July 25
Mackinaw Seattle July 23
ProRreco Tacoma July 25
Walla Walla... Puiret Sound Ports July 26
Coptic China and Japan July 21
Point Arena... Point Arena July 2fl
Eureka... Humboldt July 26
W. H. Kruger. Tillamook Bay July 28
Ne-wburg Grays Harbor July 27
Curacao..." Mexican Ports July 27
Acme San Pedro July 27
Czarina. Seattle and Tacoma July 28
Bonlta San Pedro & Way Ports July 28
State of Cal San Diego July 2S
Australia Tahiti July 29
City or Sydney. Panama & Way Ports.. July 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria July 29
Anubls Hamburg & Way Ports July 29
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails:
I Pier.
Rival... ......
Bonlta
Eureka.......
Rainier. /.....
J. 8. Kimball
Coronado
Noyo
State of Cal..
Mandalay . . . .
St. Paul......
Carlisle City.
Peru
City Puebla..
G. Dollar....
Arcata
July 23.
Willapa Harbor ...
Ban Pedro & "Way.
Humboldt
Seattle & N. What.
July 24.
Nome via Seattle..
Grays Harbor......
Humboldt
Ban Diego & Way.
Coqullle River
July 25.
Nome& St. Michael
China and Japan..
China & Japan....i
Puget Sound Ports.
3 rays Harbor ; ....
Coos Bay
July 2O.
Humboldt
Humboldt
TUlamook Bay
Humboldt ....;.....
July 27.
Portland & Cooa B.
San Diego
Nome via Seattle..
Astoria & Portland
July 2S. !
San-Dieijo & Way..
July SO. . tj
Siuslaw . River.... '.71
Panama & Way...
Point Arena
12 ml
B am
9 am
j 5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
5 pm
2 pm
10 am
1 pm
11 am
12 m
12 m
5th St.
> Pier 11
i Pier 13
i Pier 2
: Pier S
Pier 3
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier. 8
Pier 34
Pier 27
PMSS,
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pler.13
North Fork..
San Pedro....
W. H. Kruge
Pomona......
9 am
10 am
12 m
1:30 p
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier IS
Pier 9
Alliance
Corona
Concmaugh...
G. W. Elder.
5 pm
9 am
Pier 16.
Pier 11
Pier —
Pier 24
ii'am
Santa Rosa.. ;
9 am
I Pier 11
Acme
Ban Bias
Pt. Arena....
"6 pm
U m
g pm
Pier II
Pier —
Pier 2
Bteamer.
Destination.
Balls.
Vlctor»an Skaguay & Way Ports. July 24
Queen Ska cub y & Way Ports. July 24
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July 25
Nome City Nome & Teller City.... July 25
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. July 25
Conemaugh.... Nome & St. Michael.... July 2r»
Dolphin Skaguay A Way Ports. July 26
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 29
Al-Kl Skagruay & Way Ports. July 29
OrpRon Nome and Toller July 29
Dlrlgo Bkaguay & Way Ports. July 29
Senator......... Nome direct July 30
Time Time ! Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L W H W L W
23*71. 5:26 3.6 10:22 2.0 5:21 5.3
L. W H ' W > L, TV • H XV
2i ... 0:17 1.3 6:43 8.5 11:12 2.5 6:03 5.3
25 ... 1:12 1.0 7:5B 3.6 12:09 2.7 6:4S 5.4
26 ... 1:5S 0.6 9:00 3.8 1:04 3.0 7:35 5.5
27... 2:40 0.2 9:51 4.1 1:5S 3.1 8:16 5.7
23... 3:21—0.1 10:31 4.4 2:50 2.9 9:00 5.8
29 ..| 3:58|— 0.6| ll:10| 4.6| 3:36| 2.S| 9:43 5.8
Steamer.
From.
! Due.
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... July 23 '
Tellus Oyster Harbor July 23
San Bias Panama & Way Ports.. July 23
San Pedro Humboldt July 23
Conemaugh.... Nome & St. Michael... July 23
North Fork Humboldt July 23
Mariposa Sydney & "Way Ports.. July 23
Asuncion Seattle July 24
Hermonthls — Seattle July 24
Arcata Coos Bay July 24
Coronado San' Pedro July 24
O. XV. Elder.. Portland and Astoria.. July 24
Pomona Humboldt July 24
Del Norte Crescent City July 25
Kobt. Dollar... Seattle and Hadlock.... July 25
Santa Rosa Ran Diego & Way Ports July 25
Coos Bay Newport t Way Ports. July 23
Alliance........ Portland & Coos Bay... July 25
Washtenaw — Tacoma July 25
Mackinaw Seattle July 23
ProRreco Tacoma July 25
Walla Walla... Puiret Sound Ports July 26
Coptic China and Japan July 21
Point Arena... Point Arena July 2fl
Eureka... Humboldt July 26
W. H. Kruger. Tillamook Bay July 28
Ne-wburg Grays Harbor July 27
Curacao..." Mexican Ports July 27
Acme San Pedro July 27
Czarina. Seattle and Tacoma July 28
Bonlta San Pedro & Way Ports July 28
State of Cal San Diego July 2S
Australia Tahiti July 29
City or Sydney. Panama & Way Ports.. July 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria July 29
Anubls Hamburg & Way Ports July 29
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails:
I Pier.
Rival... ......
Bonlta
Eureka.......
Rainier. /.....
J. 8. Kimball
Coronado
Noyo
State of Cal..
Mandalay . . . .
St. Paul......
Carlisle City.
Peru
City Puebla..
G. Dollar....
Arcata
July 23.
Willapa Harbor ...
Ban Pedro & "Way.
Humboldt
Seattle & N. What.
July 24.
Nome via Seattle..
Grays Harbor......
Humboldt
Ban Diego & Way.
Coqullle River
July 25.
Nome& St. Michael
China and Japan..
China & Japan....i
Puget Sound Ports.
3 rays Harbor ; ....
Coos Bay
July 2O.
Humboldt
Humboldt
TUlamook Bay
Humboldt ....;.....
July 27.
Portland & Cooa B.
San Diego
Nome via Seattle..
Astoria & Portland
July 2S. !
San-Dieijo & Way..
July SO. . tj
Siuslaw . River.... '.71
Panama & Way...
Point Arena
12 ml
B am
9 am
j 5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
5 pm
2 pm
10 am
1 pm
11 am
12 m
12 m
5th St.
> Pier 11
i Pier 13
i Pier 2
: Pier S
Pier 3
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier. 8
Pier 34
Pier 27
PMSS,
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pler.13
North Fork..
San Pedro....
W. H. Kruge
Pomona......
9 am
10 am
12 m
1:30 p
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier IS
Pier 9
Alliance
Corona
Concmaugh...
G. W. Elder.
5 pm
9 am
Pier 16.
Pier 11
Pier —
Pier 24
ii'am
Santa Rosa.. ;
9 am
I Pier 11
Acme
Ban Bias
Pt. Arena....
"6 pm
U m
g pm
Pier II
Pier —
Pier 2
Bteamer.
Destination.
Balls.
Vlctor»an Skaguay & Way Ports. July 24
Queen Ska cub y & Way Ports. July 24
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July 25
Nome City Nome & Teller City.... July 25
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. July 25
Conemaugh.... Nome & St. Michael.... July 2r»
Dolphin Skaguay A Way Ports. July 26
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. July 29
Al-Kl Skagruay & Way Ports. July 29
OrpRon Nome and Toller July 29
Dlrlgo Bkaguay & Way Ports. July 29
Senator......... Nome direct July 30
AmnnP 9^ wipe GURED0F ¦
J U y U L 0 W I ft PELVIC CATARRH.
She Suffered for Years and , B?:>V-
Mrs. Judg-e McAllister writes from 1217 -psJX" W^&* *^&&i. l^y^^^aCJ
"West 33d st.,. Minneapolis, Minn., as fol- i^*~jsM(V^' !^5 \J* iS>^^iM
"I suffered for years with a pain in the ipSfei^Sw" i $?l
small of my back and right side. It In- § t^**jg^g"E?/rl
terfered often with my domestic. anrl so- 'Jfyt'+i *ycfr -— J^^^fflSSmfl
clal duties and I never supposed that I [JSiSp^S^/^/V^ jH^^ct»Bp
would be cured, as the doctor's medicine V J 'M^^^/td}r^^^ ia 'mns^^^^&^^
"Fortunately a member of our order ad- f^^^^^^SXjfS^^^^^l^S^^S^^
vised me to try Peruna and gave it such V&^^ L SsJ|^|
high praise that I decided to try it. Al- [\_e!, vxP§^Sv£v\
though I started in with little faith, I 1/y^v W^lwi *^^
felt so much better in a week that I felt \/f/ y/)f^» *«^>V^I
"I took it faithfully for seven weeks and r-/-///lls^L' v^vi^ScM *^Jl\ I
am happy indeed to be able to say that I L J/l J|M&> v^A\TOiL 'A il
am "entirely cured. Words' fall to express RjS///' vCWhQH ')v I
my gratitude. Perfect health once more r^Cik Wata.. ' • Y*J
is the best thing I could wish for, and I j<\jS?l^ '#fil\
thanks to Peruna I enjoy that now."— "" n 1M mm 1 I
Minnio E. McAllister. fitt^S. aJUDOS MS-J^LUaTSRl ¦
The great popularity of Peruna as . a » f
catarrh remedy has tempted many people
to imitate Peruna. A great many so- against accepting these substitute*. In-
called catarrh remedies and catarrhal ton- siat upon having Peruna. There is no
lcs are to bo found in many- drug stores, other Internal remedy for catarrh' that
These remedies can be, procured by the win take the place of Peruna. Allow no
druggist much cheaper f than Peruna. Pe- one to persuade you to the contrary,
runa can only be obtained at a uniform if you do not derive prompt and satls-
price, and no druggist can get it a cent factory results from the use. of Peruna.
cheaper. , - write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
Thus it is that druggists are tempted to full statement of your case, and he will
substitute the cheap imitations of Peruna be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
for Peruna. It is done «very day without vice sratis. •
a doubt. . ' • • Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
"Wo would therefore caution all people Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
REDUCTIONS! REDUCTIONS!
BlactaiCflifil Silt Waists.
NEW STYLES. NEW SHADES. LOW PRICES.
WHITE SILK WAISTS marked down from Ql "IC
$6.50 to........ ...:...'........ OTs I J
WHITE SILK -WAISTS marked, down from 0 CO
$10.60 to.. ........ ¦¦";'•';........ ,.....-...:.. U]JU
WHITE SILK WAISTS marked down from 7 K (|
$12.50 to ...............¦....'•. liJU
WHITE SILK WAIST$ marked down from\ -J yc
$6.00 to...... ............... •• :••• Oil J
PINK SILK WAISTS marked down from 1 CJI
$6.50 to................... ............ TlJ'U
PINK SILK WAISTS marked -down .from C Kfl
$10.00 to.. : .-, .. ../ Di JU
LIGHT- BLUE SILK WAISTS marke^ down il JT
$6.50 to..... ' T, I J
LIGHT BLUE SILK WAISTS marked down j ft JJA
. from $10.0 to. . . ....... ... .... .... - • ' Di JU
GREEN SILK WAISTS marked down from '/[ 7C
$6.50 to -. •• .... - : •• ••• • - Ti I J
LAVENDER SILK WAISTS marked down /[ 7C
• from $7.50 to. •• .••'... • Ti I J
GRAY SI ; LK WAISTS marked, down from I yr
$7.50 to. . . . . : • ............ Ti I J
BLACK SILK WAISTS marked down from - p«%
$7.50 to. '..'. •'. OiUU
BLACK SILK WAISTS marked down from C1L
$10.00 to.. ... . . .•••;•• .........•.•• OilO
BLACK SATIN WAISTS marked down from A Lf\
. $6.50 to ....:..-.. ..*.. .......... .TiOU
StlTS MADE TO ORDER—— Perfect Fit Guaranteed.
J. O'BRIElf & CO.,
1146 MABKET STBEET.
BAII.WAT TEAVEL,
CAMFOBKII NORTHWESTEBI RI. (ML
LESSEE . .
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35.
1:30. 6:10, 6:30 D. tn. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:to
and 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, 1:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 13:45.
2:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:23 p. m. ' • •
SUNDAYS— 8:10.' 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
. 6:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I , Arrive
Ban Francisco. I April 28. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week | Sun- I J Sun- I Weelc
i Days. I days. I Destination. 1 days. I Day*.
) 7:30 am 8:00 ana Novato. . 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma.. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
. 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am . Windsor. - I 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 an
. • Lytton.-
Geyservllle. '
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am I -. - 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm 6:00 pm -, <:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
... ¦ . ' - and ¦ ' .' •
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Kllen. 6:05 pm C:20 pm
7:30 ami 3:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm| 6:00 prnj Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at ! Santa Rosa for Mark Wes*
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Clovertlale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for yichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valle*
John Day's, Riverside, L!erley f a,\ BuckneU's.
Sanhedrln Heights. - Hullvllle. Orr"* Hot
Bprings, • Mendocino City. Fort Bracg, West-
port, Usal. WHHts. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Seringa, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. - - x
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket Office, 650 Market street. Chronlcto
v .; Buildln*-.
H. C. WHITING. R. X- RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Pen. Pasa. Agt.
Ti» 8aai*Ui» Ferry— Foe! of Market St. '
l|«vt wn rat*. ' a (m iv ¦• ah man.
8:00A. M.1 f 12:15 P. M.
9.-00A. U. I 1:16p.M.
10:00 a. m.1 imroin j 820 p.m.
llhOA.M.r SUNDAY*....... < (;iOr|l
1^0 P. U. 6:60 P. M,
2JMT. M.J 7:10 P.M.
ran. Saa rrMrist* is Bnntt tan Cstarn. |1.4«
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & SausaUto Perry,
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
EASTERN POI.NTK.
E. S. BLAIR. Gen. Agt., 633 Market at.
COOL AND DUSTLESS.
Dally Palace and Tourist ' Sleepers.
Dining Car, Meals a la Cart*.
* • . Library Observation Car.
REDUCED ¦ ROUND ' TRIP RATES TO
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave 4yf»arket-street Ferry Depot.
" I Local I Lim'd I Ovrl'd I Local
1 pally I * I Dally | Datly
T v Can Franl 7:20 a 9:00 a I 8:00 p 4:20 p
{•!• gfocitton 10:18 a 11MS a ill:l» p 7:M p
••' Merced . 12:22 p 1:17 P 11 :H a 9:11 p
•' Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:35 p 8:03 a 10:50 p
.:: «a d .: V&l :: :7 .M;«J ::::::::
PSSSi?S i;^ ?;S::::::::
,•' Chicago , I • 2=" p 9:00 P |
¦ for morning. P tor afternoon.
Vm a™ im tfaln 1. the California Llm-
<t»4 leaving Monday and Thursday only.
carrVlnir Palace Sleeping C«rs anrt Dlnlnir.
rani throiiijh to Chicago. Chair Car rum
fo Bake^neld for accommodation of lo-
cal first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing: train arrives at 6:55 p. m. Tuesday and-
F «'-«o y p tn is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p.m.
¦ d V/oo p. m: l« th« Orerland 'Express, with
tlirough Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
TTr.» Reclinln* Chair Cars to Chicago:
JSo PbJm- "-Sleeper, which- cut-out at
Fresno? CofrMpondlni train arrlvei at
E: 5-2O P a TO m . d( ls Local stopplnc'
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. -Cor- .
reFpondlnir train arrives at 8:40 a.'ra. Jally.'
Offlces-641 Market r treet and In Ferry
Depot; Ban Francisco; 1112 Btoadway. Oak-
DR. HALL'S REINVIG0RAT0R«53ja
Five hundred reward for any MB mSEh
caae we cannot cure. This secret |P* ¦¦«
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, H HI
cures Emissior.s. Impotency. Varl- I gwj
cocele, Gononhea. Gleet, Fits, nrTPl LViill
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all L&UI UlAU
wasting- effects of self-abuse or MM m
excesses. Sent sealed, }2 bottle; 3 ttrnmSOBa
bottles. $5; guaranteed to cure *ny : case. ' Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 85S
Broadway,' Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073H
Market st.. 8. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Bend for free book.
SOUTHERN PACIPIO.
Trains l«»vv nnd nrm <ln« «« nrrlic *i
NAN riUXCINCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
lsayx — From July 14. 1901. — akbit»
! "itOi Beniela, Suisuo, Elmlr* and Sacra-
. meiitu 6-2-^r
- :OOa Vica»flle. Winters, Rumsey 7;.->3r
• i3« a M artlne/. Situ lUmou, Vallejo. Nmp»,
C»II«tcg»»ua.H»ul» Rosa fl:23r
8:00a DiTis, Woodland. Knlsnts Laadinr,
MarrsTiUe. Orofllle. 7:3-1*
8:OOa Atlantic Kx press— Ogdon and East ]2:2.1p
I»:««a Xllcs, L»throp, Stockton Z:'£*r
¦:00a NUes, Mendota, Hacford, Visili*.
' Porterrille if 4riJ3p
¦:8Oa Shasta Express— Davis. Williams (for
BarUett Springs), Willows. Ked
Bluff, PorUandV. 7:S»»
¦ i3Aa San Jose, Litermorp, Stockton.
lone, Sacramento, Placrrville,
M.rjmUle. Chico, lteil ltlnft 4i2.Tr
SiSIIa Oakdalr, Chinese (Yosemite), So-
nora. Carter* 4:3.1?
OsOOa Hayward, NUes and Way Stations.. • I :33a
OiOOa VaUejo.. I2:33r
ttiUO a Los Angeles Express — Martinex,
Tracy, Lathrop. titookton, Merced
. Fresno and Loe Angolas ......... 7;*5r
OsSOa Vallejo. Martinez aud Way Stations 7:55r
IOiOua Tha O»erl»ud Limited— Ogden. Den-
'. '- »er, Oiuaha. Chicagu AiASp
tl:O«p S»or»iaent<iUiterStoiiii«rn |.5tOi»*
3s3Op Hayward. Nlirs and Way Stations.. 7:33p
4i»»r Uenlcla. Winters, Haeraiuento,
Woodland. KnlgbU Lauding,
M»rysTille, OroTllle 10:33a
< 4:O«p Martiuez, Han IUiuoii. Vallejo,
\ N»i.». C'RlliitnKK. Niuita Rosa u>S3a
4:OOp Niles, LWermore. Stockton. Lodl... 1 2.35p
•4U:i«r Hsy ward. Mile*, ban June, LlTtrmore tS:A3A
4:»»p Port Cob a. Tncy, Latbrop, btnekton 1 m23 a
SsttttrTho Owl Limited— Iresuo, Tttlare,
liakenfleld, Haugns for Sania Bar-
bara, Los Angeles »;55»
SsOOp MarMnf z. Antioch. Stockton, Mer--
ced. Fresno : l*:39p
3:0<»p Yosumlto 12:*3p
' 5:3t>p New Orleans Expreos— Mendota,
Fresno, Bakersneid. Los Angeles,
¦ D.minff. £1 Paso. New Orleans |
and East ?>S9a
•iOOp Hayward, Niles tad Saa Jos*.. 7:33a
40:00? Vallejn IliM*
«:O«r Oriental Hall— O«Jen, Chejenne.
Omaha, Chicago 12:23?
•i«Or Oriental Malt— Ogden, Denver.
Bt Louis. Chicago. 4iS3r
7(00 p Oregon aud California l£x press, Haa-
miiiHiitn. MarjgtlllB. Iteililliig,
I'orthtuil.' Piiget fciMti.d am) Ksat 8:3-14
¦i«.1p San Pablo, i Vut\ Costa, Martinez
tmlWtr Stations 1I.«5»
a t»8OgP Vallfjo..'. 7:3A?
COAST LINE (Narronr (Jun S e).
(Foot of Mitrket Street.)
J7 >49a Santa Cruz Excursion to danta Cruz ~
and Principal Way Stations tSiOSr
Si 13 A Newark. CV i.tert illtf.^iaii .Jose, Peltnn,
l)on!derCri:ek,£aiitaGriixaDd W»y
Stations fliSOf
fli I»P Newark Centenllle. San .lose. New . * J
Almmaan, Felton, lloulilar Creek, . - ¦,.'.'
8anta Ciux aud 1'rhicipal Way
Stations lOiftOa
4iI3p Newark, Man .!«¦», r.os Gatos 4">.i«a
«4tlBp Glen wood. BoulderCroek.BanUCrnz «»:3Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
ma SAI t lUSCISCO-f mi of Xukit Street (Slip 8>—
t7:IB »:00 ll:0Ol.H. 1:33 3.00 S:18r.M.
rfimOilUKD— F««u:at«iJ«»j.-til:OO Ja^OO 1S:OJ
10:00 i.M. 13:00 2:03 i.Zlr.u.
COAST IilNE (Uroail «an K e).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
6:I<»a ban Jose and Way stations «7J«»a
f 7:00a Hau Jose and W»y SUllim Ii:i«r
/7:Mwa New Almadeii / «:10f
J7jUOa Sunday Excursion for San Jrre.
Santa Cru*. Ptdne Orore and
. Prindpsl Way SUtioas :*:3O»
ti»OAHan Joie, UoUister. Hnuta Cn«.
raciile (Uote, balinia. 8an Lull
- » ¦ Obispo, Saata Barbara ami Prin-
cipal interrnedUte Ht.»tl..ns 7>Srr
1Oi3»a San Jcse and Way dtations C.:ior
I I:3»A Hau .lose ami Way HUtlous Si3nr
4,Si<f3r Han Matso, Uetlwcal. M-nio Ptrk,
Pain Alto, Santa Clara. Man Jme,
UoUister. S»»t» «;nw. Salinas.
MmitereT ami l"»eitie «m«...'... 1I«:4.1*
•:3Op San Jnar, Trea Pinos. Santa Cruz, -
?adfic Grove anil \v» 7 utatlons 4:1 or
f4lil»r8an Jom and Principal Way Statlmis »:«3a
iSiOOrSan Jose. Los Gatos aud I'rincipal
War Station. - «9:OO»
SiSOp Raiulw an.J Principal War StaMoHS »:a«*
ViOOp Bedwoid. Han Jow, GUny. Salinas.
Santa Barbara, Lo* Arg;ks 10:H3.»
8t30pSan.Jnsaaiid Way Statinns 1-«:««»A
«ll:43p San .lose ami Way .Stations «:SOp
¦ A for Morning. 1' for Afternuou.
t Hanrtay .lCBpted. t »m«3a» only,
a Saturday only. « Monday. .
< Baturday m 1 Scnday. / Tueeday* and Fridays
Via Sausallto F«rrv.
- Commencing April 23, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
( AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-6:5S. 8:30. •9:30. 11:00 a. m.,
12:45. M:«5. 8:15. 4:15. 5:15. *6:15. 6:43 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS-7:00. Z:C?, •3:00. 'IOiOO, 11:00. 11 :»
a. m.. 12:45. "1:50. '-'.30, »3:45. 5:00, 6:00, 7:33
p. si. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. ' .-
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM* SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS — »o:ZS. S:27. 7:47. 8:35, 10:15
a. m.. •12:23, 1:15. 2:20, •3:iS, 4:40. 5:30 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS on, Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. »S:00. 9:43. •11:00 a. m.. *ll
m., 1:00. 2:15. »3:30. 4:30, '3:43, 6:45, 7:30, 10:W
p. m. .
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:5J. 8:55. 10:3k
a. in.. 12:35, 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m;
. EXTRA ¦ TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
an-1 Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 cm.
SUNDAYS^-6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:13,
1:20, 2:30,. 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:13. 10:30 p. m.
. THROUGH TRAINS.
• 6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ¦ . : ¦ ' •, ¦ - ¦
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. "• . •' ¦ . -
! 5:35 d. m. week daya ( Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
,6 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero end wray stations.
. 10- a., m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations. ¦ -:•¦• « •• .. . ¦•
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
WeeHy Gall $1.00 per Year
J m. CROSSM AN'S SPECIFIC 1 MIXTURE.
For th» cure of - GONORRHEA, GX.EET3.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of tha
Organs of Generation. .'
'Price $1' a bottle. For sale by drugglsU.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEARNY ST. Established
In 1834 (or the treatment of Private
Disease*.- Lost Manhood. ¦ Debility or
dbteaae wearlnrpn body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures wlien
others fail, i Try him. Charges low.
«'urew Koaranired. Call or write.
Dr. JT. F. aiBBOAT. Sail Francisco, Cal. ; ¦ ¦
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiaha Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
1 tor and Nervine. >; '•¦.¦./; ¦ ' •'- • : - =
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes. > ;
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. '- Bells ¦ on i Its > own : merits. v; ¦
• - \NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. "Aifenta, ¦ , \\:
- J23; Market -Bt,VS.":F.— (Send "for Circulars.) ,
i-Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.'
Money back.
week, is a waste of the cost of a
month's supply; more too.
Washing with any other soap
than Fels-Naptha, ~ even one
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Inst Tourist
SDp>INGXAR
H Burlington tourist sleep- ==&~=i^___ \\\ W
El ing-cart arc right up-to- v>
B Pintsch gas, marble wash- V^xSr =;:::>:>^i m*"*"***^
§j They leave San Francisco Tues- IfsNf/ I^~^'0^ S " •^W^W
H days and Thursdays — Omaha. Chi- |1|?> .iirZ^^^T S t''^t \ ; -^J ;
H ca?o, Kansas City, St. Louis — EV- 8|j Ws • /^^^^^*^T^^^^dYi\^
jjj ERYWHERE east. (jliL ' J£^^^$^%P§?r$VIEWS OF THE HORSE 'ISAM
SON," THE BIGGEST EQUINE
IN THE WORLD.
Stop DIarrhae and Stomach Cramp*. Dr.
Slegert'S Genuine Imported Angostura Bitter*. •
-The -sap of vthe sugar- cane -produces
from 15 to 20 per cent of sugar. 1 ' - .
Dr. Sanf ord/s Liver Invigoraton
Best Liver Medlclne-.VegetabteCure for Liver Tlla.
Biliousness. Indigestion. Constipation. Malaria.
Tosemite. introduced and maintains the mod
erate rates of $2 per day. $12 per week; less
than HO for an eleven-day trip to Yoeensita
via the Big Oak Flat- route. 630 Market, or
Santa Fe route, 611 Market St. •
Camp Curry,
According to the report of Chief Wilkie of the
United States Secret Service upward of 75 per cent
of all the counterfeit silver money put into circula
tion in this country is made in New York; so it ap
pears the Bryan States are not the worst silver com
munities in the country. ' .
Some politicians are born great, some achieve
greatness and some appeal to the State Committee.
The Santa Fe to Merced and stags thenca
via Merced Falls. Coulterville. Hazel Green.
Merced Bis Trees; Cascade Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at 5 tha
next afternoon. This is the most popular routa
and the rates are the lowest Ask at Ml Mar
ket st for particulars and folder.
Best Way to the Yosexaite.
Santa Barbara. Independent.
; Governor Gage was either ignorant of
the contents of Assembly bill No. 456, or
he was In the deal to trick the counties
of the, State out of a large part of their
revenue, when he signed the bill that ex
empts . the saloon ¦ men from paying a
county : license ' tax: In either case the
Governor laid himself open to criticism.
GOVERNOR IS TO BLAME.
Redding Free Press.
The matter of saloon licenses may cause
endless trouble in all the counties of the
State owing to a new law.
A Los Angeles saloon-keeper who re
fused to pay a county license was ar
rested aiid applied to the Supreme Court
for a writ of habeas corpus, on the ground
that the County had no right to impose a
tax upon his business excej>t"for the pur
pose of regulating it— which was unneces
sary, inasmuch as the business was al
ready regulated in that city. •
The Supreme Court admits the plea and
gives the Los Angeles Count j' authorities
one. week in which to show that the law
means something, different from what it
st.ys. ,. .' " .'
TROUBLE IN STORE.
People are like docks; they are not suf
ficiently cleaned by simply having thel 1 *
hands and face washed.— Philadelphia
Bulletin. -' »
From. Los Angeles— Mrs. Coulter at the
Earlington, C. L/Hanson at the Imperial,"
J. Larquis at the Marl borough. Dr. RJ:G.
Peteshaw : at the Ashland, E. S. : Williams
at the IntperialJ— \ ¦ -
From San Jose--Dr.' W. N C. Bailey at the
Park ; Avenue, F. H.~ MacFarland at-the
Bartholdi." - , - '-<¦• ' ,-'
Californians in New York.
NfiW YORK, July 22.— The following
Californians . are in 'New \ York: G. P.
Baldwin at the Everett, J. .W. Cuthoert
at the" Cadillac; J.E. Field at^the Herald
Square, C. Goecker at the Belvedere! J.
H.- Hanford at the Ashland, W. C. Holla
way at the Navarre, S. W. Knapp at the
Park Avenue, J. E. Magee at the New
York, W. . M. Newholf and wife at the
Manhattan, Mrs. R. Prescott at 'the Bar-*
tholdi, R. E. Reid at - the -Imperial, C.
Thomas and wife, at the New York, E.
Wildman and wife-at the Everett, "E. E.
World at* the Vendome, H. L. Wright at,
the Grand;' H. Beers at tne Herald Square,"
• W. ' B. ¦'' Peck at the Manhattan. .
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery* street. Telephone Main 1042. • •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. 639 Market. Palace Hotel building.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at T<
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
- ' '"' -:' '¦'¦¦ - \ ¦ • . ¦ - ¦¦¦.¦'"
So great is the rush of work-in the way. of improv
ing the automobile that the Patent Office at Wash
ington has had to employ five to examine
applications for patents. - ¦'•'-" ¦','' "."• ;¦¦¦;;; "/'.'¦
Shamrock II is beating all rivals in British waters,
and -the 'r Constitution is leading/ everything around
New 'York, so we -may "have a .good- yacht race, to
William J. Bryan says he intends to fight the Ohio
Democracy^ and everything' it represents.^ This ap
pears to be one of the. very, few; modern instarices-of
the dead doing anything except stay dead.
In Rhode Island according to the -last census the
urban population so far* outnumbers that of the. rural
districts that the farmers might justly claim. to be the
only limited and exclusive set in the State. ,
Senator Quay is quoted as saying, "I never erected
a Governor, but* what he wanted to go to, the Senate
at the end o! his term." Is any further proof needed
that Quay should quit electing Governors? ,
Democrats in Ohio are said to.be planning a series
of picnics by way of getting ready for the 'campaign,
and they are wise to hold .them early, for . they will
not, feel much r like; picnicking after the election.
I Now that the Sultan of Turkey has paid the Ameri
can indemnity, claim we can watch with equanimity
the efforts^ of the various European. pow«s to... make
him pay theirs, and even enjoy the skill with which
he evades them. _>' •
Yreka 'Journal.
v The San Francisco Call says that Sena-/
tor E. K. Taylor of Alameda County, anV
attorney, is one of the two lawyers who
are sending circulars. to saloon-keepers In
the various- municipalities of the State,
soliciting agreements to pay a certain fee
in case a decision ,be secured from the
Supreme Court that, under a new law
passed by .the late Legislature, Boards of
Supervisors have no power to levy or col
lect a county license tax tor' the sale of
intcxicants within municipalities.
The law in question Is chapter 209 and
was Assembly bill 456, introduced by As
semblyman J. M. Kelley of Alameda.'
The old law gave the Supervisors power
to license for the purpose of regulation
and- revenue, but In the new law revenue
was not inserted. ?
v It is claimed that the change has the
effect of depriving Supervisors of the pow
er to levy a county license within munici
pal limits.
SUPERVISORS CANNOT LEVY.
The Alabama plan, to which attention was directed
some days ago, provides that any officer of the State
who fails to protect a prisoner from a mob shall be
liable to summary removal from office, and heavy
penalties are imposed upon all. who taWe . part in
lynching. The plan submitted 'in Virginia is not so
drastic in dealing with unfaithful officials, but it has
none the less "its "good features. According to the
summary reported in the dispatches the plan provides
that "the Governor .shall offer a reward for the de T
tection and convictionof persons,^ aiding a mob ;i by
which the life of any person is taken; -anyone found
engaged in such mob shall be deemed guilty of mur
der in the . first degree. When murder is not com
mitted, but great bodily injury is inflicted, " persons
aiding the mob shall be deemed guilty of riot. - The
.Governor is authorized to pay a certain sum out of
the State treasury to the heirs of any person mur
dered by '.a mob and to charge the amount .to the
county in which the lynching was perpetrated."
course neither o'f the plans proposed can effect
much unless supported by a resolute, public opinion,
but fortunately there is hope that such a sentiment
will be found. The very consideration given ¦ to. the
subject by the two conventions is itself an evidence
that the controlling. element of the South has be
come aroused to the danger that threatens, their
CONSTITUTION-MAKERS in Alabama and
Virginia are not giving their attention
* wholly to plans for so devising restrictions
upon universal suffrage as to admit illiterate whites to
vote while excluding illiterate negroes." They have
many other problems to deal with, not the least of
which is that of providing some method for putting a
stop to the outrageous crimes committed in the name
of lynch law. In both conventions propositions have
been submitted looking to that end, and it is probable
the results may prove highly beneficial.
ANTI-LYNOHING- LAWS.
]jt is stated that the number of British seamen em
ployed on British vessels is less by 5000 than it was
thirty years ago, and now the officials are wondering
where they are to look for reserves for their
ing navy. ]
"What is the great motive which now
animates the ambitions of the human
race?" inquired the abstruse lecturer. .,.
And the man who. thinks the railroads
are becoming an irresistible power an
swered without a moment's hesitation:
"The locomotive."
"What Is this bridge whist we hear so
much about?" asked the commuter from
Orange.
"Oh, I suppose it's some game of cards
they play going over to Brooklyn," re
plied the man from another Orange.—
Yonkers Statesman. •
She— I see in New York every theater
programme la required by law to bear a
plan of the house on which the exits are
plainly marked.
He— Oh, Is that what those things are
Intended for? I always thought those
diagrams -were dress patterns. — Tankers
Statesman.
Bacon— I see the clockmaker has failed.
Egbert — Do you wonder?
"Why, what did he do?"
"Do? Why, he painted the faces of hla
clocks and watches with all sorts of loud
'colors, and then warranted them not to
run."— Yonkers Statesman.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
NUMBER OF LIGHTS— N. M. B., City.
During jth'e recent illumination fn this
city there were on The Call building 3422
lights; City Hall, 2740 lights, and on .the
Ferry tower 1S25' lights.
BIRTHDAT-E.'6.-~D., City. Anything
that is useful to a young gentleman is
suitable for a birthday gift.
CRIME-J. P.. City. Immunity from
punishment is undoubtedly an incentive
to commit crime of almost every char
acter.
MUSIC— Subscriber, Oakland, Cal. The
several I questions asked in j regard to
methods in music and the like were fully
answered in The, Call of July 21, 1901, page
18, column 2.' *
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
I: In an issue of this kind there should be no delay
oh the part of good men in taking action. Every ear
nest Republican should use his full influence to rouse
his friends to a recognition of- the importance of the
contest. No one should be permitted to forget the
issue or his duty with respect to it. There should
be a thorough registration and a thorough enroll
ment of the rank and file of the Republican party, so
that at the primaries there will be a vote large enough
to defeat the gangs and drive the- bosses out of Re
publican politics.
In times past honest men have had some excuse
for remaining away from the primaries because such
elections were controlled by men who had no hesita
tion in resorting to force or fraud in shaping the re
sults as the bosses desired. It was by his skill in
that kind of work that Kelly rose to the evil dignity
of being an associate of Herrin, and was admitted to
"do politics" with the Governor of the State. Such
tactics, however, cannot be made use of now. The
primary law protects every citizen in his right to vote
and to have his vote counted. Consequently no valid
excuse remains for staying away from the primaries.
The Republican who negkets the election this year
will voluntarily surrender his franchise in. the interest
- of the bosses.
It is even at this time perceived that a large vote
at the Republican primaries will mean the success of
the better elements of the party, for not even with the
aid of the Democratic push can the bosses bring to
the polls a sufficient numher of men to outvote the
better element if that element be fully represented.
Everything, then, depends upon good citizens them
selves. They have now an opportunity to rid their
party and their city of the domination of corrupt
gangs, and if they fail the fault will be their own.
Such an issue appeals to the civic patriotism as well
as to the party loyalty of men, and.it is to be hoped
there will be few gepuine Republicans in San Fran
cisco who will be indifferent to it.
maries. The activity of the bosses should be met by
an equal activity on the part of good citizens.
Such a combination cannot be defeated without
earnest work on the part of the better elements of
the party. Neglect of political duty or indifference to
it on the part of any considerable number of working
men, business men and professional men will result
in a i-ictory for the corrupt elements of the city. It
is therefore important that all who are physically able
should give some portion of their time and their
energies to making preparations for the coming pri-
REGISTER AND ENROLL.
SAN FRANCISCO Republicans in their efforts
to nominate good men' for office and provide
the city with an efficient administration find
themselves confronted by the bosses. The issue is
made plain and emphatic. To the aid of the bosses
there has been openly summoned all the following
controlled by Federal or State patronage, and se
cretly the following of the bosses in the Democratic
camp will also give aid. It is a sure thing that on
election day the Kelly and Herrin gang will carry
to the Republican primaries numbers of men who are
not in any sense members of the Republican party.
Their object is to win and to force the nomination
of a boss ticket They are absolutely unscrupulous
as to the means employed to attain that end.
. L. A. Thurston of Honolulu arrived here
yesterday and' is at: the' Ocidental. He
reports everything running very, smoothly
in the islands.
Frank -D.Monckton, clerk of the United
States -Circuit Court of Appeals, has re
turned from a month's vacation in the
East. ; He and his wife took in the expo
sition at Buffalo and sweltered and suf
fered there and In Chicago until they
were glad- to .start homeward and enjoy
the balmy breezes of San Francisco.
Mrs. M. P. Stein, wife of the well
.known "grain merchant of Stockton, is
at -the California, accompanied by her
daughter: . . .
Joe ' Terry • of Sacramento is .at the
. Palace. ¦
Dr. C. F. Tagget of Los Angeles is a
guest at the Grand.
W. H. McClintock, a mining man of
Sonora, • is at the Lick. .
George S." Ramsey,' a prominent mer
chant of Fresno, is at the Lick.
J. G. Scott,, the' manufacturer of paper
at Agnews, is at the California. ¦
G. E. Babcock, son of the manager, of
the Coronado Hotel, is at. the Palace.
J. _O. ,Hilm. a prominent land owner of
Santa Cruz, registered at the Grand yes
terday.' . *
A. H. Humphrey, a well-known Tesident
of" Sacramento, registered at the Palace
yesterday.
Weissbeln, who,conducts a gen
eral merchandise store at Grass Valley, is
a 1 guest at' the Palace. .
—Carl E.' Lindsey, a member of the Gov
ernor's staff and prominent attorney of
Santa Cruz, is registered at the -Cali
fornia.,'. ; . '!.-'¦ i .
PERSONAL MENTibN:
. Last Saturday Conness received a tele
gram to, come to Vallejo a,nd get his new
horse. He declares emphatically thatjhe
only took one drink on tho way to Vallejo
and that he did not see "double" when
the horse waa brought out for inspection.
What he. did see was a sorrel gelding
measuring 82 inches in height at the
withers and whose head "is almost ten
feet from the ground. A man six feet
one inch in height standing beside the
animal yesterday could not look over his
"Well, money is no object," replied,
Conness, and forthwith the friend was
commissioned, to buy the animal and was
given a sack of twenty dollar gold pieces
with which to clinch the bargain.
p-ra-^ HE biggest horse In the world Is
II in San Francisco and Its owner,
rr. D. Conness, electrical engineer of
the Risdon. Iron Works, is likely
to create a . sensation . when he
drives the giant equine along Market
street. - - . .
Conness has a fad for large horses, as
the nature of his business requires that
he have a driving animal that can stand
considerable work. A few days ago Con
ness complained to a, friend that he could
not get a horse large enough.. His friend
told him that he could furnish him with
an animal that would meet all require
ments.
• "I know where there is a horse that will
suit you," said his friend.
"Samson," as the beast is called, tip
ped the scales yesterday at a trifle over
one ton. A tape measure placed along
the front of his head measured two feet
IO76 inches from tip of his nose to a
point between the ears. Around the jav/s,
four feet of tape were required to get
the girth. At the hocks the animal
measured 1 fooc 6 inches. The length of
"Samson" from his* nose to' the stump
of his fail, is 10% feet. Around the body
it required . nine feet of tape to take the
measurement of the animal, and he is
said to be capable of taking on 500 pounds
more, as he is not in the pink of condl-
back, and was topped by a foot $t horse
flesh when .standing beside the
'shoulders.
An offer for the horse was received by
his owner yesterday from Sells' circus, the
proprietors having • been in negotiation
with the man who disposed of Samson
Saturday to his present owner.
Conness declared yesterday that he
would have a buggy specially built for
Samson and use him in his business
around the city "Whether he will try his
giant animal on the speed track at the
park Is not yet known.
[¦:¦¦!¦: : i : :-m i : i : : i t ; i r i i i m-»
trouble to bring "Samson" to this
city. He was placed on the blgr fiver boat.
General Frlsble last Saturday evening
and some woodwork had to be broken
away in order to allow him to stand up
right. At Mission street wharf Samson
could not be landed. 'The hatch In the
side of the river boat Is as large as those
on an ocean steamer/'but when Samson
tried to step up the Incline to the dock,
his shoulders stuck in tha casing. A land
ing was finally made at Jackson street
wharf, as there is a small float there at
the foot of an Incline. Samson was able
to walk out of the hatch on the level
float and then climbed the sloping gang
way to the wharf.
Samson was raised on a farm owned
by a man named Bullard four miles from
Woodland. His tire and- dam were ordin
ary sized animals. It took considerable
tlon. A Shetland pony placed alongside
"Samson" looked like a toy animal and
a man on horseback Is overshadowed by
his massive head and shoulders.
As we have frequently shown from official docu
ments, the freight and passenger rates of the United
States are far .below and the wages of the employes
far above those of Europe. .So here we have still no
solution of the problem that vindicates public owner
ship. .The Continental Governments, which consist
of armed camps, desire absolute control of their rail
way systems for military purposes, offensive and de
fensive^and that. is probably the underlying motiv-e of
their acquisition. England .and the United States
have no such state necessity, which may account in
part for. their abstention from such ownership. ' The
public, the users of the Continental Government rail
ways, are of secondary importance, either as shippers,
travelers or taxpayers. If the accounting were made
as in private business, it is entirely probable that the
same fact will: be found concealed behind the books
of Alameda and of 'the Continental Governments, that
government waste in administering business' is equal
to corporate profit. . .
Those who ignore these elements 'in the problem
fix their gaze upo'n" public ownership of the largest
public utiHties in Europe.' But those applications of
the policy are under . governments widely, different in
form .to ours, and to' .which purs.cannot.be approxi
mated; except by/changes so fundamental as to de
stroy its identity. But there is no evidence that even
those government's "succeed any better than pur 'cities
in public ownership. One of our Gonsuls, Mr. Guen
ther, reports that so rapid. has. been the absorption
of steam railways by Continental Governments that
England and the United States are the only private
railroad countries left in the world. But he adds that
those who" have traveled on American railways and
the government roads of the Continent prefer our
roads for comfort, cheapness and all those things
which make the use of railways desirable. :
The electric flight plant seems not to be kept, up,
but the rate of depreciation.- is unknown, as in other
items, all important to be known. In* all respects of
legitimate government Alameda" is really a model
town. Its administration of the proper police powers
of government-has been creditably free from pecula
tion and scandal. There is no suspicion that there
is any dishonesty in running its electric light plant.
What happens in that respect occurs in the nature of
vthings. Alameda, like other municipalities, ,js not
qualified to carry on business that is not functional to
government. .- . . .
The Enquirer marvels that this is so, and very prop
erly declares that it ought not to be so, but it is.
The smallest corporation in Alameda would be forced
into court, by its smallest stockholder if such condi
tions appeared in 1 the accounts* kept by order of its
directors. But Alameda itself is the greatest corpora
tion on that charming'peninsula^and its largest stock
holder, who ir its; largest taxpayer, can get no satis
faction; from his trustees and none from the courts.
It is found impossible from the public accounts 'to
tell whether public ownership of an electric light
plant by Alameda is a paying or a losing venture.
One party says it pays, another that it loses; both
complain of the^kind of service and each resorts to
the public accounts to prove its position, to find them
so kept that neither can prove 'anything.
THE "Oakland Enquirer, .which has sometimes
somewhat misunderstood The Call's position on
public ownership of public utilities, takes ! no
tice of a nearbyi illustration of that policy which points
the moral we have drawn from in Chicago,
Itfew York and other cities' where disinterested in
quiry has exposed the concealment in accounts'of the
fact that municipal waste equals or exceeds corporate
profit. ¦ < ' . '¦ ' i
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING.
If Maryland can. do nothing else. she can develop a
remarkably unique form of insanity. . One of her
farmers attached a. lightning rod to his head the other
day and defied a^bolt from the sky. 'The defiance was
accepted, and it is hoped the man may recover, -f'
TUESDAY •...: .....JULY 23.-1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Aflireu All Communications to VT. 8.. LEASE. Manager.
>IA\AGER'S OFFICE T !l^!'*l!!!!!l i^
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 21T <o 221 Ste-renson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies. B Cents.
Terms by Mail, Including Postages
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday), one year...........:...-!*- 00
DAILT CALX. (Including Bunday). 6 month!.'......". ••* l
DA3X.T CALX, (Including: Bandar). • month*........ ....... 1-60
DAXX.T CAIXr-By Single Month - •S"
GTOTOAY CALL. One Year..:.. - 1M
WEEKLY CALL. One Year • 10 °
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
fawipft' copies will be forwarded when requested.
Kail subscriber* In ordering change of address should be
particular to rive both KEW AKZ> OLD ADDRESS In order
to lnsur* a prompt and correct compliance with, their request,
OAKLAJVD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGJTESS.
Ktsagn foreign Advertising, Hargaetto BaOdlag. Chicago.
• (Long Distance Telephone "Central 2S1I.")
KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOJf Herald Square
KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:"
6TEPHE3J B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
KEW TOBX KBWB BTAKD8:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Breatano, n Union Square;
Uanr Bill EoUL
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
tratil *:80 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until S:SO o'clock. CSS
VcAHlster. open until 8:W o'clock. 615 Larktn, open until
t:M o'clock.. 1M1 Ulseion, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner {Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. V8t Valencia, open
enttl 9 o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until « o'clock. NW.
coiner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Fillmcr*. open until 8 p. m.
CONNESS LONGS FOR A LARGE HORSE
AND A KIND FRIEND FINDS HIM ONE
Samson, a Mammoth, Equine/Seven Feet High and Weighing a Ton* Is
Brought Over From Vallejo and Will Startle San Franciscans When He
' ; Appears on the Streets of the City Attached to an Ordinary Buggy
An /examination of the two ¦ cases as they stand
seems to demonstrate that for a brutal;father to kill
his daughter is only manslaughter, and that he' has
the right to kill any one who interferes to prevent
him killing his- daughter, incurring thereby also only
the penalty for manslaughter. t '
What are the Berkeley people to do? Shall they
lay awake nights while men murder children to whom
by law and nature- they owe the tenderest protection,
or shall they try and stop it and be shot for their
pains because they have Entered a. castle that for the
time being is used as a shambles? We are unable to
decide the point. Perhaps the middle ground would
be found in taking, a pot shot at the abusive and bru
tal.father, just to stop the abuse and see what a jury
wouH do about it. ¦ . '
One evening the daughter of Mr. Adams claimed
protection of the neighbors, and one of them, Dr.
Jessup, entered the Adams house for defensive pur
poses and was immediately shot down by Mr. Adams.
The latter upon arraignment before a Berkeley magis
trate was held in light bail for manslaughter, his law
yer contending that a man's house, is his castle, and
no one may enter there except upon invitation. ,Now
what are the Berkeley people to do? At least what
will those do who are neighbors of men who abuse
their daughters and occasionally do them to death?.
The ¦ neighbors of Brandes respected his castle, and
shivered in the street when they heard the thick
blows and the thin cries for mercy of the daughter he
was murdering, or, according to .the -jury, merely
manslaughtjering. They were blamed, by more dis
tant neighbors and the public for not interfering to
save the child. Perhaps stung by this, Dr. Jessup
did interfere in the case of Brandes' partner in the
amusement of abusing children, and was promptly
killed by the father.
In Berkeley is another citizen, Mr. Adams. He is
an unfrocked clergyman, who clinked the cannikin
until his presence in the pulpit was incompatible with
the ideas of that holy office entertained by worship
ing congregations. Thereafter he followed Bacchus
so closely that that patron "saint of the bibulous and
hilarious felt his heels in danger. He varied heavy
drinking by abuse of his daughter. Here we pause to
remark that as his case is before the cour^ we will
pursue the matter as personal to Mr. Adams no fur
ther, but take it up in its relation to the neighbors
and the perturbed people of Berkeley.
One morning the hapless child was found dead in
the basement, many places on- her body being re
duced to a purple pulp by the muscular discipline
heard by the passers-by and the neighbors next door
and ac/oss the street The child's cadaver bore fresh
marks of violence sufficient to cause her death, and
the testimony was duly excised and confined in alco
hol for use at the trial of her father for her mur
der. The evidence of her anatomy, added to the tes
timony of - the non-interfering neighbors, procured
her father's conviction of murder.
The justice of the verdict impressed all except the
culprit and his able attorneys, who found enough
t's not crossed and i's not dotted in .the courtVin
structions to secure anew trial. But time had lapsed.
Sun and storm and seasons finally choke the voice
of that spilled blood which is said to cry out from the
ground for vengeance. Alcohol is no kinder than
its chemical partners, and various exhibits of the frail
body used in evidence on the second trial spoke with
less certainty. Maybe the neighbors, too, had grown
less, certain of the horror with which they used to
stand outside, the Brandes gate and hear, the little
girl beaten and begging for mercy. Anyway," the sec
ond jury had enough members inclined to indifference
to force the verdict down to a mild variety of man
slaughter, and Mr. Brandes is taking the ajr at Fol
som penitentiary for a few years in expiation of a
crime which if he committed it at all was murder of
the foulest and most unnatural kind.' If he slew that
weazened and helpless child it was not manslaughter
but rope-deserving murder. However, manslaughter
has to 'go, and we dismiss, for a moment, the case of
Mr. Brandes. *
WE are not informed as to the fact, but
Berkeley sh6uld be a somewhat perturbed
_ community. Indeed .the state of being per
turbed may in modified form "affect all .'Alameda
County. A citizen of Berkeley, Mr. Brandes, ha<f ac
quired a taste for. beating a physically infirm daugh
ter. She was a poor, hectic creature, perhaps . af
flicted with pernicious anemia. But she was hollow,
and her parent.- made the neighbors acquainted with
the gamut of misery as they listened to the.resound
ing thumps, thwacks'and blows, which he administered
to her emaciated exterior.
EVERY MAN'S CASTLE.
The plans proposed in Alabama and Virginia may
of course be modified before adoption, so it is possible
that, even better remedial measures may be provided
than those now submitted.: But of the\ changes in
their constitutions, therefore, the two States may
gain something better than restricted suffrage, and
the illiterate negro deprived of his vote mayvat least
obtain a surer protection for his life and person
against the. assaults of mobs.
i In addition to the evidence of a change; in public
sentiment in the South, which is afforded by the
efforts of the, two conventions to suppress the prac
tice, there exists another in the diminished number of
lynchings. The Chicago Tribune, which for a long
series of years has carefully kept a record of all of
fenses of the kind, recently pointed out that while in
1892 there were- 235 ¦ lynchings in the United States
up to November 13, thelynching record for the entire
year of 1900 numbered but 101. .The record as it
stands is bad enough to constitute a national dis
grace, but in comparison to what it was in 1892 there
is evident a gratifying diminution in the frequency of
the outrages. ' ' , -
communitie? by the 'toleration of such barbaric out
breaks as have too frequently happened. /Thus,
should the proposed provisions, against lynching be
put into the constitutions, there would be a fair ex
pectation of their enforcement. ' . '
•X'irni , oasx- jrit a-cn OajmjO ¦ cla.1j.Li, : /i^u^^iJ^^v^^Vi'^ 1^ 23, 15*01.
6
AMUSEMENTS. .
OrpBeum— Vaudeville. • \ '
Columbia— "Garrett CMagh-**
Alcazar— "The Country Girl."
Grand Opera-house— "Paul Kaovar.** ~
Central— 'Trilby."
Tlvoli— "The Toy Maker."
California— "The Case of Rebellious Susan," Monday. July 29
Olympia, comer Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer* «— Vaudeville.
Butro Bathe — Swimming.
AUCTION SALES.—
By Union Strckyards Comnany— Monday, July 29, at 10
o'clock. Packing-house Machinery, at Rodeo. Cal.
By 'Wm. G. Layng— This day. Horses, at 721 Howard street.
Call subscribers contemplating a change of
residence daring the summer months can have
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
This p&ytcr will also be on sale at ' all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local agent lm
all towns on the coast.
TO SDBSCRBERS LEAYIHG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.SPRY'S LIBERTY
IS SHORT-LIVED
Released pn Habeas Cor
pus and Again Ar
rested.
Serious Blunder in the Office
' of the District At
torney.
Samuel Spry, who was arrested last
week on a dispatch from the Sheriff at
Salt Lake City, stating that he was want
ed there on" a charge of felony embezzle
ment, Is fighting his extradition. He has
secured the services of Attorney George
Monteith, and Attorney Brayley from
Salt Lake City is here to assist.
Yesterday afternoon his application for
a writ of habeas corpus was heard be
fore Judge Cook. It was argued for Spry
that the warrant for his arrest, prepared
in the District Attorney's office here and
signed by Judge Conlan, merely charged
him, with the crime of "being a fugitive
from justice from the State of Utah,"
which was no crime, and therefore he was
beine illegally deprived of his liberty.
Monteith referred to the case of Culbreth,
decided by the Supreme Court in. 1875.
The Judge said the point was well ta
ken. - The case was precisely similar to
the Culbreth case, where it was held that
the warrant was radically defective, inas
much as it did not allege that any crime
had been committed, but simply alleged
that . Culbreth was a fugitive from jus
tice. That had been the law since 1875,
and. he could not understand * why the
proper process-, which was very simple,
had upt been followed. He did not be
lieve in arresting a man merely on a dis
patch from 'another State. •
Assistant District Attorney Deuprey
asked for a continuance till this morningi
but the Judge said he had no power to
grant it and issued the writ ordering the
prisoner discharged. • '
Attorney Brayley asked for an order
for the return of the $420 found on. Spry
when arrested, but the Judge said he had
nothing to do with that. The two attor
neys and Spry went to the office of the.
Chief of Police to get the order and were
shadowed by Sergeant Shaw, who had
arrested Spry. They were . shown into
Captain Seymour's office, the Chief being
there.
Meantime a proper complaint and war
rant will be prepared and served . upon
Spry, and besides a deputy Sheriff is ex
pected this morning from Salt Lake City
with the papers for Spry's extradition.
Spry was superintendent of the street
sprinkling department in Salt Lake City
and is charged with the embezzlement of
$755.
One of the most prominent men in the
Italian colony, a leading business man of
this city, and a Republican prominent in
the councils of his party, although never
seeking official position, was lost to San
Francisco when Frank Arata died af the
family residence, 1318% Stockton street, on
Sunday night. For more than a year past
Mr. Arata had been a sufferer frpm cir
rhosis of the liver, and when his ailment
took a fatal turn the watchers by his bed
side were not unprepared. He passed
away peacefully, • surrounded by his
-Frank Arata was born at Orero, Italy,
flf ty-flve years ago and came to this
country in his young manhood, arriving
at San Francisco in 1864. He has been a
prominent figure in business circles al
most ever since his arrival. He engaged
first in the livery business, in which he
has never relinquished his Interest, and
later became a member of ¦ the firm of
Fugazi & Co., railroad agents. For many
years also he was a partner in the Ken
tucky Stables,' and besides all this he was
at the time of his death a partner in the
hardware firm of Arata & Schippino, one
of the largest stockholders in the Elec
tric and Modern laundries, a member of
the directorate of the Columbus | Savings
and Loan Society and a large holder of
real estate. He was likewise ; a member
Frank Arata Dies After an Illness
Lasting More . Than a
Year.
DEATH, OF A LEADER
IN ITALIAN COLONY
Divorced and Married, Again.
In-'a private sanitarium < in this citj
yesterday, where the groom Is lying upon
what is supposed to be his deathbed,
James H. Lawrence and May V. Law
rence -were married yesterday. The cou
ple, who have several' grown children,
were divorced in 1898, when it became
plain that the mother must support her
self by her labors. Mrs. Lawrence ob
tained a position as inspector of customs
shortly afterward, and since then man
and -wife separated because of the hus
band's habits, and lived their lives apart.
Recently Lawrence has broken down
completely, and his former wife, deeming
that it was her duty to care for him in
his last days, consented to be married
again. Lawrence is 70 years of age and
his wife BO. ' , ¦• ¦ -
The Olympia this week has one of the
best shows in some time. Lester Reeves,
the barytone singer, has a lot of new
song3 which are distinctly worth while,
and Ione's poses plastiques are still re
ceived with favor.
Olympia.
The Chutes has a bill of novelties this
week Bert Wiggins and Maybelle Bow
man present a bright sketch -entitled "A
Late Supper." Wren and - Linden have
pleasing voices and also do some clever
dancing. Coleman and Mexls continue
their wonderful rifle shooting. The re
maining numbers are good.
Chutes.
"Now from Hawaii to Maui the distance
by water is thirty miles, so that the
demonstration is complete -of the prac
ticability of the use of the system for all
purposes between the Farallon Islands
and San Francisco, for the expanse of
water to be crossed is the same in both
instances. That fact alone is sufficient
to determine that the system would be a
success for San Francisco. Perhaps the
readers of The Call would like to have'
some facts about the actual use of the
Marconi invention, as I saw it in the
Hawaiian group. ; .
"My attention was first forcibly at
tracted to the matter on the second day
that I was in Hilo. On a bulletin board
was the announcement of the decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States
In the insular cases. The message had
been received from Honolulu by the wire
less system of telegraphy. Several Ha
waiians asked me what the United States
would do— whether they would be fairly
treated. The incident led me to ask about
Marconi's system there: There is no
money with which to provide cables and
well as the humorous specialties of Mur
ray & Appell and Greiviller and Graham
are each well received. Baby Ruth. J. J.
Mackey and Mr. HInrichs' well-trained
orchestra are all popular..
egraphy among the islands of
Hawaii has , convinced him that it Is the
duty of Congress to provide the system
for use between the Farallone Islands and
San Francisco as soon as possible, as the
system Is a practical success.
"I have just come up from the Hawaiian
Islands," said Congressman Stark yester
day at the Hotel St. Denis. VI went down
there for the sake of my wife's health. I
carefully investigated- the Marconi sys
tem in its actual, daily use. It has proved
so much of a success among the islands
that the people rely upon it just as much
as they would upon a cable. Neither fog.
wind nor rain interferes with the sending
and receipt of messages. At every hotel
you will find the blanks of the Intei-
Island Telegraph Company in a rack, just
as you "see blanks of the Western Union
telegraph in all public places here. News
of importance is continually being trans
mitted from one island to another. If you
are not on the coast or are distant from
the stations of the wireless telegraph, you
can Btart via the telephone the message
that you wish to send. It will be trans
mitted from shore to shore and repeated
by telephone and wireless telegraphy
from island to island until it arrives at
its destination.
Example for This Port. *
CONGRESSMAN TV. L. STARK of
Nebraska says that careful in
vestigation of the operation of
Marconi's system of wireless tel-
of the various Italian orders, of the Olym
pic Club and of the Masonic fraternity,
under whose auspices he will be buried
on Thursday afternoon.
Frank Arata was a man of wide charity
to more than his own people. His hand
was always extended to aid the lowly
and his purse was always open for the
doing of good. He is survived by a widow
and one daughter, the wife of Charles F.
Grondona of the A. Galli Fruit Company.
"I came up on the sailing bark Santiago
with Mrs. Stark. Early one morning Cap
tain Engels, a splendid mariner, by the
way, waked me to say that we were near
the Farallon Islands. We were surround
ed by the fog and on the ebb of the tide.
We could not see the Farallones then and
the islands did not heave into sight for
three-quarters of ah hour. Then they
were four or five miles off and not Just
where we expected to find them. We
could see the islands very well, but there
was an area, of fog all around them. Had
there been a wireless telegraph station
/at the Farallones we could have communi
cated with the shore. The Santiago Is one
of the sugar fleet. If there were four ves
sels to #o in at the same time and there
was an advantage of getting to the dock •
first our ydrrival could have been an- 1
nounced when we sighted the Farailones
and .we would have .been able to have
spoken for dock room then. That is an
important consideration with a vessel.
"Suppose the Rio had sighted the Faral
lones when she was off the coasV just be
fore she went to wreck. She would have
asked for instructions and would have
been saved, in all probability. 1 Put me
down as an earnest advocate of wireless
telegraphy for use between .the Farallonea
and San Francisco."
Farallones in a Fog.
"Some experimenting was necessary in
the first place to obtain desired results,
but since the first of last June there has
been no trouble about the transmission of
messages with certainty. The poles are
forty to fifty feet high. The messages are
received in the telephone offices. In the
case of the British bark Senator, which
reached Hilo leaking and in distress, the
captain sent a message up to Davis & Co.
at Honolulu. Then Davis & Co. sent a let
ter to San Francisco. From this city a
cablegram was forwarded to London and
a cablegram was sent back to San Fran
cisco. Then the mails had to be resorted
to again. Now that seemed queer that
the only part of the ¦way where there was
no wire communication was between San
Francisco and Honolulu. That was an ob
ject lesson for Congress and for the Amer
ican people.
"I do not approve of - appropriating
money for anything purely experimental
in many Instances, but where the value of
an invention to commerce has been com
pletely demonstrated there is no excuse
for the Government if it falls to give the
public facilities that are within easy
reach. You see that the baby territory
has already something to teach in this
direction.
Experiments Bring Success.
the conditions are not entirely favorable
for cables. The answer to my questions
was that the people were greatly pleased.
CONGRESSMAN W. L. STARK OF. NEBRASKA, WHO HAS BEEN MAK
ING A SPECIAL STI715Y OF THE PRACTICAL. WORKING OF MAR
CONI'S INVENTION IN THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. »
vived last night to a very good audience.
The sparkling little opera seems by no
means to have reached the . limit of Its
popularity and - will doubtless hold the
house well together until the opening of
the grand opera season. It is running
now very smoothly, and Annie Myers,
Hartman, Webb and the other favorites
of the cast were received with much en
thusiasm.
Next week the grand opera season will
begin, with "Aida" and "Rigoletto" as
•alternate bills.
Fischer's Concert House.
This week's programme is a festival
one at Fischer's. The dliet from "La
Travlata'" by Madame Charity Martin and
Slgnor Buzzi, and the performance of th*
horizontal bar experts, Karl & Boyle,. as
Orpheum.
There is a. most attractive and varied
bill at the Orpbeum this week and last
night the audience, which crowded every
part of the house, showed by their en
thusiastic applause ho* much they ap
preciated the efforts, of the performers.
Among the newcomers Ed F. Reynard,
the \ entriloqulal comedian, scored a well
deserved success. He keeps the fun going
from the time be appears till he leaves
the stage. His moving figures, particu
larly the "darky woman," are excellent
Will H. Murphy and Blanche Nicholls
present an amusing and clever sketch,
"The Bifurcated GlrL" and the finale is
sensational. The three Brooklyns are un
questionably eccentric musical wonders,
and they make sweet music out of the
most inconceivable things. Amita, the
spectacular dancer, with her exquisite
scenes, made a hit. The sketch "For
Reform,*' presented by Hugh Stanton and
Florence has a moral for young
wives and husbands. The holdovers are
the Djmni Brothers, acrobats; Charles
Leonard Fletcher, monologist and im
personator; Chevalier Enrico Mario Scog
namillo, cellist, and the American bio
graph with some new scenes.
TivolL
"The Toymaker" at the Tivoli was re-
v "Trilby," with Its loathsome Svengall,
the volatile Zouzou, the recklessly gay
Bohemian company such as Du Maurier
saw in the Parisian atelier, is the success
this week at the Central. Juliet Crosby
as the heroine has added to her bouquets
as a painstaking and finished artist and
v.as rewarded last night with numerous
curtain calls by the delighted audience.
Mr. Bronhy has never appeared to better
advantage in his present engagement than
in the role of the mesmerist musician,
and repulsive as he makes it his skill
and talent as a character actor gain for
him the honors of a curtain repeatedly
raised in response to the vociferous de
mands of a house that insists in bringing
good actors to life, even after they have
ertistically died on the stage. So it was
last night that after Svengali had turned
up his Trilbies on the table in the foyer
of the Paris theater he responded to the
curtain call, by lying across the table
dead as before, which made a great hit
Indeed. v Robert Cummings, the Taffy:
James Corrigan. the Laird: Willard
Blackmore, the Gecko, and Georgle
Woodthorpe, the concierge, satisfied the
requirements of their parts and repeated
their lines with appropriate spirit The
Ptage setting and the tableaux are worthy
of the greatest praise and proclaim Stage
Manager Robert Downing as a past mas
ter in the art of the picturesque.
Central.
Alcazar.
TVycherley's old English comedy, "The
Country Girl," crowded the house and
served to display the ability of the Alca
zar Company, of which Florence Rob
erts is the bright particular star, last
la the rol© of Peggy Thrift Miss Rob
oits appears to splendid advantage. The
impersonation of the innocent country
girl, who, however, learns quickly the
deceptions of city life in London, is given
in an artistic manner. The many curtain
calls given the favorite actress last even
ing were well merited. George Webster
as the jealous Squire Moody is somewhat
too boisterous. White Whittlesey made
a gallant Dick Belville and played
throughout In a finished style. Lucius
Henderson made a. hit as the vain cox
comb, Sparkish. Agnes Rankin had but
little to do as Alithea. but >' I that little
very well. Paul Gerson as t J Harcourt
and Marie Howe as Lucy rendered effi
cient support to the principals. The cos
tuming of the play was rich and the set
tings in keeping with the period of the
ccmedy.
A good performance of Steele Maek
aye's favorite old melodrama, "Paul
Kauvar," was jnven last nigrht by the
Frawley Company at the Grand Opera
house. The play has been rearranged
somewhat, brushed up and generally
made more effective. The dream scene in
particular is well handled, and the setting
of the last three acts, the hall of the
Chateau Delaroche. is a really excellent
example of the scene painter's art.
E. J. Morgan appears in the title role,
and has therein a good opportunity for
the exercise of his peculiar tajents. He
has several strong scenes and makes the
most of them. Mary Van Buren as
Diane de Beaumont does her best work
of the present season. The role Is one
that demands a high degree of emotional
power, and Miss Van Buren last night
was fully equal to the occasion. She
played the exacting part ¦with a surpris
ing truth and grace. It was never oxer
acted, but always of cleverly judged
emotional weight, never descending to the
bathetic that lies so perilously near.
Theodore Roberts is an admirable Due de
Beaumont, dignified and convincing, snd
Harrington Reynolds as the bad man of
the play, the Marquis de Vaux, al'as
Gouroc. was effective.
In the smaller parts J. R. Amory did a
clever sketch of the amiable coward, Dod
olphe Potin. and with Phosa McAllister,
as his wife, was responsible for xh'j
comedy of the drama. John Mason and
H. S v Duffield did excellent work in the
minor characters of General Delaroche
and Colonel La Hogue, and the rest of the
cast was acceptably filled.
As a picture of the French Revolution.
Mackaye's play is interesting, if by no
m<ans impeccable in construction, and Ib
well worth seeing.
Columbia.
A picturesque glimpse of the "ould
country," a stirring "bit of romance, a
half dozen children anfi a generous num
ber of sentimental song's, are the in
gredients that are successfully mixed in
Chauncey Olcott s new play, "Garrctt
OMagh."
O'Maeh Is very like the plays that all
along have helped Olcott to sing his way
into popularity. It is the kind of a play
the public that follows the singing
comedian demands and in it he gives them
full measure of the entertainment they
desire.
Olcott carries with him a big company,
in which the juvenile •performers are equal
in number to the grown up members of
the company. Each person in the big- cast
has a little role to look after and which
goes to make up an altogether pleasing
ensemble.
Edith Barkus. into whose pretty ear
Olcott pours the gTeater number of his
ballads, is a very efficient support for the
star. Margaret Fitzpatrick takes excel
lent care of Mrs. Mary Derlin, the hero's
aunt, and Charles M. Collins is equally
careful of the role of Roger Xagle, the
heroine's father. Leslie Matthews, as
Alfred Spencer, is just as villainous as his
lines will permit of his being, and Louise
Marcelli, as Louise Wilton, is a very ef
ficient aid to him- in his lukewarm
wickedness. Olcott is booked for a two
weeks" stay at the Columbia, and judging
by the cordial reception tendered him last
.evening the engagement should prove a
"successful one.
"Toymaker" Revived at the
Tivoli — Chauncey Olcott
at the Columbia.
Frawley Company Gives
Play in Admirable .
Manner.
"PAUL KAUVAR"
WELL PRODUCED
THE SAN: ITRA^TCISCO CALIi, TUESDAY, JULY 23, 1901.
Nebraska Congressman Finds That Messages Easily
Leap Over Thirty Miles of Water, Which Equals
Distance Between Farallones and Golden Gate
STARK DECLARES THAT WIRELESS
TELEGRAPH IS SUCCESS IN HAWAII
7
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours* staging-
! To the prettiest, "healthiest, most restful placa
In all California. Resident physician. Kvery
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10, $12, »y.
*15 and $16 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIG,
i 316 Montgomery St., and see photographs pt
; Hotel and surroundings. We take Pleasure In
writing full particulars. Addres3 CRAIG &
WARNER..
CAMP REVERIE,
. IS THE
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOOD).
NOW_OPEN.
Camp Reverie on the Guerneville branch of
the California Northwestern Railway is practi-
cally, a hotel under canvas. .
Table board by the week. $S 50. Furnished
tents— different sizes— everything new-charges
reasonable. Railroad fare from San Francisco,
round trip. J2 50. Take boat at Tiburon Ferry.
Call or address Camp Reverie Association.
Room 81. Flood Building, San Francisco, for
particulars and booklets; or write Camp Ke\erie
: Association. P. O. Forestvllle. Sonoma Co
Cal. .Booklets may also be had at the ticket
; offices of the California Northwestern Railway.
Delightful Surroundings and WIT TED
Excellent Accommodations at n 11 1 Lll
MEDICAL SPRINGS
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
Certain cure for Stomach, Liver, Kidney.
Bladder. Skin and Blood Diseases.
Recommended by Leading Physicians. Thou-
sands Cured. - - _ ..
Tickets, California and Northwestern Kiil-
road. Stage from Uklah.
RODNEY McCORMICK, General Manager.
Call or address. i^ii^./»nr
WITTER MEDICAL SPRINGS COMPAN1.
Upper Lake P. O., Lake County, Cal.
Main Office & Water Depot. 916 Market, r. 64.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Lowest rates on thte market.
Special rates for Epworth Leaguers. Staging
»H hours first afternoon and 9 hours next day,
arriving at Yosemlte Valley 5 pm Send for
Illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE. Gen.
Agent 630 Market St., opposite Palace Ho .el.
S. F.; tel. Black 3571. ;
« es a r\r\c\ hot springs, soxoma
\KlififiR Co-: on^ 4^ hours from
(jA/!l/UW San Francisco; but 9 miles
staging; waters noted for
medicinal virtues; best natural bath in State;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mall and express; first-class hotel and stage
service: morning and afternoon stages: round
trip from S.. F. only $3 30. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3.30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
$12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
six years. Further information at Traveler of-
flee. 20 Montgomery St., or of J. F. MLL-
j GREW. Skagg3. Cal.
I . .NAPA... NapaCounty.l
SODA SPRINGS Cal -
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL HEALTH
resorts.
Rates/SlO to $13 per week. Two trains dally,
foot of 'Market street, 7 a, m. and 4 p. m.
For further Information address
A. DOLLMANN. Proprietor.
OWN A'HOME in ti b f e u a l u CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker. $30
up- boatturgv bathing-, tenting ground free; saw-
mill depot, store, postofflce at camp: board
and lodging $6; take Sausallto ferry, $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or H. M.
GREGSON. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
fjraijffoyprntfs
Jtjgr Three trains daily: 2<4 hours' ride. A.
Bettens. Mgr.. Byron Hot Spgs.. Cal.
; Lombard & Co., 36 Geary st.. City.
' BEN LOMOND.
Park House in the Santa Cruz Mountains: 5
minutes from station; fine scenery; flshlijg.
hunting, fine drives, free carriage meets all
trains. MRS. I. N. HAYEg.
HUNTING AND FISHING GALORE.
Parties wishing to go on a hunting and fish-
ing expedition In the Coast Range, where d;er
and bears are plentiful, and trout fishing is
elegant, may find their way out by writing to
G. A. EATON. Lowrey, Tehama County.
J O H f\ N N I !S B F> R G. ¦
First-class family , resort In the Napa red-
woods. ¦ Exhilarating air. hunting-, fishing,
swimming and boatln*. Terms reasonable. In-
quire THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR.. Prop.,
Oakvllle. Napa County, or The Traveler's Bu-
reau, 20 Montgomery st.
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO ENJ6Y GOOD
HEALTH AND PLEASURE AT THE COZY
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
S. MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave 3d arid Townsend 8 a. m. and 2:45
p m dally. For pamphlets address R. HOB-
ERTSON. Prop.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats: excellent table; climate per-
fect- 16 miles* from Truckee, In an unbroken
forest Further Information Traveler office. 20
Montgomery, or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS.
Truckee, Cal. /
~~~~ VICHT SPRfNCS,
The only place in the United States where
Vichy Water Is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Batha Unequaled. Three miles from
Ukiah. J- A. REDEMEYER & CO..
f - Proprietor!!. I
Forrest and health! n THE ftlFfeRAR
near Colfax on U. P. R. R. Elevation just righ; —
240O ft. — 136 miles from San Fr. Mo staging; good
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and clhn *te.
Ideal forests and grounds $8.00 a week. Send for
booklet. Orchard Springs. Colfaz, C&L
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
- P O EL VERANO, Cal., ¦ Verano Station
(Kings' Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms
$1 perjlay and upward.. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU, Lessee. - '- : '-r' i
Y MOUNTAIN HOME. ~~
In Santa Cruz Mountains, f Health, pleasure,
fishing, hunting and swimming; • good table;
guests at home; never fall to return; send for
8oavenlr.r-.-VIC PONCELET. Llagas. ¦ ;
?B TOLL HOUS.B.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR A
few guests: mountain scenery: pur© air. $3
per week. H. B. LAWLEY, Callstoga. Cal.
HO ! FOR THE GEYSERS.
¦. Via C. C Foss' Stage Line from Calistoga.
The scenic route. .Livery. in connection. C. C
FOSS. Proprietor. CalUtoga. Cal. \ -
fAMD TAVTAD Cottages, camping, fishing;
CAlUr lAILUtt 29 miles from S. F.; In the
redwoods. Call Traveler. office, 20 Montgomery
street, ' or address H. G. MARTIN, Proprietor.
Terms, ?6; fare 80c. Box 64, Redwood City.
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Avo.
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O,
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
A MODEL HUSBAND
A man must be that can wear the shirts
and collars that we see dally upon suffer-
ing mankind. "Why torture yourself with
a saw edge collar when we will smooth
the edges for you, or why wear a shirt
front that looks ,like a/mackerel sky in
an oil painting wlreirwe will launder it
In faultless style for you?
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DAT AY*P . - .
• . - : These hotels 'possess
ANT) tne attributes that tour-
* V111 * - ists and travelers^ ap-
r*n a \JT\ . predate— central loca-
UtVAUJLl tion. liberal managre-
uatci v ' rnent, ' modern appoint-
HU 1 CL3, ments and perfect cui-
1 sine. • , • .
• San American and Euro-
¦ ****" pean plans. . .
Francisco.
F I SC H E FTS S^i?T
Matinee Sunday. Charity Martin; Pletro
Buzzi, Murray and Appel," 5 Mabel Ruthorford,
mezzo-soprano; ' Karl and 'Bayle, the Gravllle
and ' Grahams. Babe ' Ruth, " James * T. - Marky.
Admission, 10c l^ reserved seats, 25c • Telephone
Main 231. TUESDAY, - July 30— Benefit AU-
GUST HINRICH£jp»3|
• It frequently happens that many In-
valids and weakly. people are half starved
in- the ' hot weather. ' When* such . people
cannot tolerate ordinary foods, the sensi-
tive tasje will always relish delicious and
health-giving Malt Breakfast; Food. This
king of health' breakfast foods will d»
more to build up weakly, people than any
other food on the market. The malt doea
the good work. Get it from your grocer.
THE BEST ANp THE SAFEST FOR
INVALIDS AND ALL •
WEAK PEOPLE.
': ¦ " ¦ ¦ • . ,
Malt Breakfast Food
For Half-Staned People.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§
j^9 CARTELS
SICKHEAMfiHE
Positively cured by thess
. Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. . A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain, in
the. Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
CAN D Y CATHARTIC^ "•
Genuine stamped C. C. C. Never sold In bufft
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "iu3t as good. • \
AMUSEMENTS. \
EVERY NIGHT— INCLUDING SUNDAY
- Matinee Saturday.
4NftTKPi) f'S New York Production!
Ail V 1 "Cli Crowd Attracting Magnet!
¦ The Distinguished Irish Comedian,
CHAUNCEY OiLCO / i
"THE SWEETEST SINGER ON THE STAGE."
In the New Irish Comedy,
GARRETT
O'MAGH.
Written by AUGUSTUS PITOU. Manager.
'Hear OLCOTT'S NEW SONGS.
' Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
THIS WEEK BY PUBLIC DEMAND.
The Toy Maker.
TOY SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY.
POPULAR PRICES-25C and 50c.
Grand Opera Season
MONDAY - - - July 29.
SEATS NOW ON SALE. -
First Week— "AIDA" and "RIGOLETTO."
¦ - Telephone Bush 9.
BJEMSCO 82 YHALCS^tegitig.
imsrt cmriukx
TO-NIGHT— EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Gorgeous Revival of the Famous Play, |
TRILBYl
' An All-Star Cast of Popular Favorites.
JAMES M. BROPHY as Svengall.
Reappearance of Miss Juliet Crosby and Rob-
ert Cummings. First appearance at this theater
of Edwin T. Emery.
DDirCC Evenings 10c, 15c, 25c. 35c, 50c
I nlW Co Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
Next Week— "THE ENSIGN."
MONDAY EVENING. JULY 29th.
WELCOME RETURN.
FAREWELL ENGAGEMENT.
MR. JAMES ¦ AND THE
/ W iUW Si SLmS iw COMPANY.
Presenting the Comic Society Problem Play,
The Case of Rebellious Susan
By Henry Arthur Jones.
QPFfl AT BARGAIN MATINEES Every
Ol EV/IAL- Thursday, 2Sc »nd 5Oc reserved
Regular subscribers are ! kindly requested to
notify the box office not later than Thursday
if. they desire their' names booked for scats.
EVE :..... 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c, 11
SAT. MAT 25c, 50c, 75c
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
EVERY EVETNING THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY
PRESENTS . _
V"' Steele Mackaye's Greatest Play,
"PAUL KAUVAR,"
A high-class Imperial photograph of E. J.
Morgan will be given each lady present Friday
evening. _.
p r | C es — 10c, 15c, 85c,- 50c, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats, All Matinees, 23c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
• NEXT WEEK— "THE SENATOR."
TO-NIGHT and AH Week.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE ' WHITTLESE Y. #
In a • Notable Revival of Augustin Daly's
THE COUNTRY
GIRL.
Only Matinee Saturday. Seats on Sale Six
•Says in Advance.
N e" x t— "THE ADVENTURES OF NELL
GWYNNE." • - - ¦ ' - ¦
LATEST NOVELTIES IN VAUDEVILLE.' -
STANTON AND MODENA; AMETA;
WILL H. MTJRPHY.& BLANCHE
NTCHOIiLS; 3 BROOKLYNS; ED
REYNARD; CHEVALIER EN-
RICO ' MARIO SCOGNAMILLO;
DAHTM BROTHERS; CHARLES
LEONARD r FLETCHER, and the
1 BIOGRAPH. \ ; ?¦: '£
Reserved -Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c . ¦ - -
X SUTRO BATHS.
;<; opennights.
. OPEN DAILY, from 17 a.'. m." to 11 p..m. . ; .
¦ ¦ Bathing from 7 a.' m. to 10:80 p. m. "
ADMISSION, 10c. . CHILDREN, 6c.
Bathing, including admission, 25c. Children, 20c.
p^y*^^^^^*^^^ aufc hp^^.^^W^^Sf?3p^!^^^ ¦f^r^^'^'^-^^^^^r iS5-^^^^^s^i.-T?*^^*v?yv^[i c^j^^^TTtV?'^?^'*^'^i^Cwy^v*^
Central California
San Jose is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is its most attractive feature-
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
ies? other attractions, reached over perfect
ro: A". Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
In^every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery street.
San Francisco, or address
OEO. P. SXELL, Mgr.. Ban Jose. Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
S% * Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GRKATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel . Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
. Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band. -
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLtTB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets apply to
E. C. PECK. Agent.
10 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
222 South Spring St.. Los Angeles. Cat
THE SEASIDE RESORT OF CENTRAL
California, on Monterey Bay. Now open.
Free booklet. R. M. BRIARE, manager hotel;
FRANK REAXIER, supt. camp. Capltola. Cal.
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest placo
in all California; lots amusements; fine walk*;
all mineral waters. Rates $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city offlc?,
S13 Larkln St., S. F. DRURY & KROEGEK.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co:, Cal., 26 miles by
stage west of Williams, fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast; temperature 113
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel; tine new bathhouse. Board and lodging,
including baths. $10 a week. WM. OELGEART.
proprietor.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
j Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium. _
Formerly Agua Callente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No staging; 46 miles via C. N. Ry. or
S. P. R. R. Immense swimming tank. Splen-
did table. Come Sundays, try it. Round trip.
$1 10. Telephone: expensive Improvements; 111
and $14 COOPER & SHEDDEX, Agua Ca-
Uente, Cal.
. RUBICON PARK.
A delightful summer resort on tha shore of
Lake Tahoe. Everything new. Esst beach for
bathing on the lake. Fishing and hunting.
Boats, fishing tackle and saddle horses at mod-
erata hire; $2 per day. or $10, $12 and $14 p»?
week. Postcffice, telephone. A. L. FROST,
Rubicon Park, Lrjrs Tahce, Cal.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS.
Greatly improved. New cottages, large hall.
Pianos, billiard, pool and other games: every-
thing new; $7 per week. Round trip by stmr.
Point Arena. 17. Inquire at Beadle Bros.", 2*
Mission, and N. P. R. R. Co.. 14 Sansome St..
or DR. W. A. McCQRNACK, Point Arena, Cal.
"klapaath hot springs.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates. ?? and J2 50 per day: $10 to $14 per week.
Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery St., or
address EDSON BROS., Beswlck, Slskiyou
County. Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Zli hours* ride from S. F. : 5 miles from Va-
llejo. Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
gia, eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $8 to $10 a week.
Special rates families. M. MADRID, Vallejo. Cal.
SOLID COMFORT BOMESWT** '«:
altitude. No foe: j climate delightful. Large
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot, cold baths.
Spring water. Rates. $7 week up. Stage meets
train. SCHULER & SCHEBEN, Napa, Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Most attractive place In Lake County to
spend a vacation. Boating, bathing, bowling.
et=. Accommodations now for 250 people.
Write for circular. EDGAR DURNAN, Laurel
Dell, Lake Co.. Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
On "the shore of Clear Lake; home cooking:
$7 Der week and upward. /F. and A. M.
SCALES, Lakeport, Lake County, Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Two miles from St. Helena. Board and room.
$7. a week; camping privileges, $1 50 per week.
Address W. W. McCORMICK, St. Helena, I
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via LakeDort. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages.'' connect
with trains 'at Hopland. Leave Hoplaod at
12:30; arrive at Lakesort at 3:30; arrive at
. Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6- horse 14-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Sprinzs call- for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stase Line.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
LAKE COUNTY— New 19-Dassenger Yosemits
Stage, all outside seats. Leaves Callstoga
daily (Sundays excented) at 11:30 a. m., direct
. to Harbin, Seteler. Adams. Howard, Ander-
son, Astorgs and Glenbrook ; buy round-trip
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Caliatoga;
also to KJlddletown, Lower Lake. Kelseyvllle
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
THE LAUREL. Los Gatoa— First-class family
boarding-house; home cooking; beautiful
surroundings; 5 minutes* walk to town. Terms.
$8 to $10 a week. Plajio. References. MRS. J.
McKENZIE and MISS A. HAMILTON. Props.
!i||| Call
$1 per Yea*.
MOHOIY
Ann TW$ Great Train
A " D * runs but twice
per week during
IHIIKDil '*•-'
T Ijp Leaving at 9 am, :
™ E it arrives In
nil ir nny i ¦ Chlcafl0 at 2 IB
CipBHIl-tr^
LI 111 1 1 [U Its nig* standard <
v . ol service Is
i OH . fully maintained.
ciiiTi ir
For HURRY-UP COOKING
is fhere anyfJiing to equal
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
; OF BEEF.l,
CHORUS OF HOUSEWIVES
ANSWERS "KIA"XEW TORK. July 22.— The unsettled condi
tion cf the speculative mind was clearly mani
fest when the stock market opened this morn
ing with a fresh batch of unfavorable news re
garding the corn crop and affecting also the
chances of the spring wheat crop. The
grangers and Pacifies and Southwesterns were
all acutely depressed and heavy blocks of
shares of each of these roads were thrown upon
the market, opening sales reaching as high as
10,000 ehares for Union Pacific. Conditions
were much like those of last Monday and the
trading contingent were Inclined to look for
some speculative support to the market as was
offered last Monday by the powerful capitalists
who have a paramount Interest In keeping up
the prices of their properties. The selling on
the thort eide alter the opening dip was there
fore conducted with signs of timidity and cau
tion. There was. In fact, effective support
offered at the opening low leveL But the in
cipient rally -was checked when the corn mar
ket opened and the excited condition of affairs
there was observed. The present market is
largely influenced by the close proximity of the
broker* In stocks and the brokers | in grains,
the Stock Exchange being in temporary quar
ters on a portion of the Produce Exchange
floor, with only half a wall dividing them. Not
only are the proceedings In each exchange to
be seen from the floor of the other, but brokers
ar* constantly parsing from one to the other
aad cj>erating en both. This jiersonal contact
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CALI/.BOAKD SALES.
: Informal '; Session-^9:15 o'clock —'December—
8000 ctls, %\ 04. - .-,' rv. , - « - ¦ y. <¦
Second: Session— December— 9000- ctls, ¦$! 03%;
WHEAT— The foreign markets were' strong'
and futures were higher at Paris and Liver
pool. The world's shipments for the week
were as folliv.-s In quarters:, 'Russian 99,000"
Argentine, S6.000; Indian. 63,000; : Australian'
o^°2 0^\J he Amer!can vislb le supply decreased
298,000 bushels.- •.-,.• ¦ ¦, . ¦ -._- .
Chicago advanced from 55%c to 59%c and fell
back to 59Hc and' reported excited markets on
continued great heat and drought. A crop ex
pert sent into ' the Northwest reported the fol
lowing crop damages:; In Southern Minnesota
from 10 to 30 per cent, . Southeastern South.Da
kota 20 per cent and around Aberdeen from
TO per cent to a' total failure. There; was great
increase in speculation, the Southwest leadlns
in the buying. St. Louis took 500,000 bushels.
The Danublan provinces reported ¦ some dam
age from excessive rains, the v crop . estimates
being reduced, while the quality 'is not turn-
Ing, out as good as expected. ' m'
¦ The San Francisco ' market was higher again
all around, with. a mark-id rise en call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 98%c(?Jl; milling.
$1 02»4@l 05 .per. ctl. ¦ "
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60. days... 1 ... — $4 S5V4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 ss'a
Sterling Cables .......!...„. — : 4 ««£
New York Exchange, sight V. > — '.. W
New lork Exchange, telegraphic*— 12U
Silver, per ounce — ' B8ii
Mexican Dollars, nominal. ; .. 47 @, 47;,
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
. / Forecast Official,
Santa Maria— Apricots lightest crop known:
thrashing rhevalier barley, yield good, quality
ciMium; other grains as before.
Hollister— Clear weather; grapes doing well,
cro^ medium.
Ventura— Apricot drying retarded by scarcity
of hands.
San Joee — Xorth wind, few clouds last night,
feggy this morning; weather favorable for
fruit.
Hanford— Favorable for all crops. ~
Palermo— Wind south; all crops as before re
ported. ¦
Xap«— Southwest, clear; oats and wheat yield
fair; barley cood.
Temperature 7 a. m.. 52 degrees.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
€C; minimum, Jl; mean, 5S.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure hes risen over the northern half
of the Pacific Slope. An extensive depres
sion overlies Nevada. Utah and Arizona. Con
ditions are favorable for cloudy weather and
I TMHWf I ¦ Tuesday in the valley of the Colorado,
through the Sierras and possibly in the foot
hillf. Thunderstorms are reported generally
In I'tah an-1 Southern Nevada. Rain has fal
len at Independence, Modcna, Flagstaff and El
Paso.
Th»> tprarwratarfs continue high over the
larfT portion of the country west of the Mis-
FiEFipri- Throughout California the tempera
turrs zrp above the normal.
Forecast Riaue at San Francisco for thirty
boon ending midnight. July 23:
Northern California— Cloudy Tuesday, with
conditions favorable for showers in the foot-
Mils; fr«-fh southernly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday, with
ehowrrf: in the mountains; fresh south wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuosday, probably thunder-
Ftr.rms: brisk south wind.
Sun Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday;
frefh westerly winds, with fog.
NEW YORK, July 22.— The crowd which sur
rounded the corn ring was larger than usual
this morning. Brokers with their hands . full
of buying orders were constantly besieged by
messenger boys bringing dispatches that told
of continued hot, dry weather all over, the
belt. The bell at 9:30 o'clock transformed this
nervous crowd of brokers into a crowd of ex
cited men. To the gallery it looked like a
veritable Bedlam. News coming in from the
"West told of advances In price. There being
few sellers the price Jumped rapidly. Even
wheat was affected and before the day was
over robbed corn of its leading place and ab
sorbed most of the speculative interest. This
double market was something new on 'Change
and attracted the attention of the floor. The
bulls claimed tha. spring wheat was being
ruined by excessive" heat and- the public evi
dently believing the reports to a considerable
extent, sent in a stream of buying orders.
September, which closed Saturday at 73%c,
opened at li%c and by noon was up to 76c.
The strain was heavy, but as orders kept
coming prices kept rising until before the close
77%c was touched. Then a reaction to 77'Ac
followed with a later rise to . 77%c. » Foreign
houses bought freely on French account and
cables were generally strong and higher. Corn
although opening 2c higher at 60%c for , Sep
tember, kept right on jumping throughout the
day until 62%c was reached, or 4c rise for the
day, against 3@3 I / 4c net advance for wheat.
The close left traders unsettled.
FLOUR— Receipts, 22,999 barrels; exports,
15,309 barrels. Dull and held 10c higher. Min
nesota patents, $3 60@3 90.
HOPS— Dull.
HIDES— Dull. : r
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. dull; No. 7 invoice,
5 1- 16c; mild, quiet. Futures closed net un
changed to 5 points lower. Total sales were
35,000 bags. Including September, $4 80@4 85;
October $4 90; December, $3 05@5 10; March,
$5 25<g5 30. " . . .
SUGAR— Raw, steady; •. fait refining. 3 9-16c;
centrifugal," 96; test, 4 3-16c. Molasses sugar,
3 5-16«; refined steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 10,642 packages; firm;
State dairy. 14<gl4%c; creamery, 15@19%c;.fac
tory. 14@15%c.
EGGS — Receipts. 7S34 packages; firmer; West
prn, candled, 143j1Oc; Western, uneandled, 8@
13%C.
DRIED FRUITS. •
In dried fruits business was more active
with sellers entertaining steadier views. Evap
orated Apples— State, common to good, 3%@5c:
prime, 6%@6%c; choice, 6@6Uc; fancy, 6%@
7%c
California dried fruits— Steadier In, tone but
not quotably higher. Prunes — 2%@2?ic. Apri
cots — Royal. 8«il2c; Moorpark. 7',i@12c. Peaches
— Peeled, ll@12c; unpeeled. 6@10c.
Cl lied go Grain Market.
CHICAGO, July 22.— Wheat opened with a
/iemand for September from 69%c to 70%c, an
advance of %@%c to l%c-to l%c, due to higher
cables, rather bullish statistics, sympathy with
corn, but in greater degree to reports of heat
and drouth in the Ncrthwest coupled with
messages claiming damage had already reach
ed a serious stage. In the Dakotas and In
Minnesota many fields were said to have been
shriveled by the dry, scorching winds. Realiz
ing largely by the local professional Interest
caused an early drop to 69%@69%c. This sell
ing movement was of considerable weight, but
buying orders accumulated fast and after a
few moments of depression the market became
wild again and shortly after noon September
was' bid up to 73%c. Realizing sales again
exerted great pressure, but the market yielded
stubbornly and the close was excited and
strong, September 3%c over Saturday at 72%
@72Vic. ' ¦ - ~
The bulk of the corn handled changed hands
at prices at least 3 cents better than Satur
day's level. There was a demand- so frantic
that It would have seemed almost reasonless
had It not been that traders were again con*
fronted with unlimited reports of . withered
crops throughout the corn belt, and a weather
forecast promising no relief. September opened
with a chorus of bids from 57c to 59c. Selling
by local longs Influenced an early reaction to
5Sc, but here the sweeping: demand from the
country, as well as from local , people, caught
the market and September scarcely stopped
advancing until 59%c had been paid for a email
lot. The close was strong, 4%c higher at 59%
@59%c. One of the reports which was Influ
ential said that a railroad was carrying back
to Kansas 200,000 bushels , of corn from Minne
sota. It was said therp were 6,000,000 bushels
more of the Kansas grown corn awaiting re
shlpment to the drouth stricken districts.
The oats market advanced actively in
sympathy with corn. It was a wide market all
day and an enormous business was transacted.
September closed 3@3V»c higher at 3$Va@&>%c.
Provisions were moderately active. There
was a sharp demand for January, largely In
sympathy with corn. September was purchased,
on a more moderate scale. • Septemi>er pork
closed 35c higher, lard 5c up. and ribs 10c
improved. .
The leading futures . ranged as follows:.:, ,
' Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ' . ...
July 69 71% 68% 71%
September 70% 73% 69% 72%
December 72 75% 72 74%
. Corn No. 2— 1 •¦¦¦ . "¦¦ -.
July .....'.... 67% E8 56% '- 67%
September ......... 69 59"g ; 67 '69%
December 58Vi 60% . 5SU 59%
• Oats No. 2— '-¦ ;,> . ' - . ...
July.. ¦ 37 38% 37 ¦ 37T4
September :. 38 38% . . 36>/4 38%
May... 40 ,'41.- '39«4 * 40H
- Hess Pork, per bbl— • "'
September ..14 27% 14 67% 14 27% 14 57%
January ...14 83 15 15 14 82% 15 03
Lard, r>er 100 lbs—
September 8 62% . 8 75 . 8 62% •' 8 70 '
October .: ........ .: 8 65 . • . 8 77% ; , 8 65 8 72%
January ........... 8 47% 8 72% 8 47% 865*
¦Short Ribs, per '100 lbs— 1 .:. . . A
September : 7 85 8 07% 7 85 ..'S00-
October 7 90 .8 07%, 7 90 8 02%
January, ........... 7 67% .',7 92% : 7 67% 7 85 i
Cash Quotations;. were: as", follows: -'Flour,'
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, ¦ 60@CSc; No.; 2 rsd.
Nezv York Grain and Produce'.
Dried Fruits in New York.
Mall aflvle«i from New York Bay: Further
buying of Sultana. Raisins to come from the
coast was again the only feature of interest
In the trade bere. In addition to the sales
already reported five cars were taken by local
Jobbers yesterday, making a total of thirteen
cars sold In the New York market out of the
twenty-nin« cars bought on the coast by a
large commission house. New England has
taken a number of cars also and the block Is
now stated to be nearly sold up, the bulk of
bleached at £« coet. equivalent to 6%c. deliv
ered in this city. This price has now been
advanced He to 6%e here. The selling prices
of the bleached were '%c for prime. 7?(jC for
standard and f%c for choice, all delivered in
this market. These quotations etill stand,
t^pot supplies ©f Sultanas are fair, but quota
tions are nominally unchanged.
Loose Rai«=tne are dull. An order for a car
of 3-crown "mincemeat" raisins at 3%c, f. o. b.
coast, was reported turned down. Some little
demand is noted for layer Raisins. 3-crown
meeting a. email sale, at $1 50. Clusters, at
JI 75 are neg-lected. Two-crown seeded are sell
ing in a. small way at 6&c and 3-crown at 6tic
with the "etickcr" and at around C%c without
the •'Fticker."
Prunes are in very fair demand, considering
the seapox the poor berry crops in some sec
tions. It is believed, causing dried fruits to
receive- mow attention. Apricots are very
quiet, both, for spot and future.
Currants are uuiet and unchanged. So far
as can be learned the recent arrivals have had
no appreciable effect on prices. Mail advices,
report a decline oi 2s per cent in the London
market. .
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, July 22—5 p. m.
The following- maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. <54; 51t. Tamalpais. 76: Independence. 94;
Red Bluff. JiW; Fresno. 100; Los Angeles, 82;
Sacramento. J>4; Pan Luis Objspo, S6; San
DiP^o, 7<t • -j-\
THE COAST RECORD.
exaggerates the sentimental effect of the grain
market on the stock market. There were oc
casional rallies on the down grade, due to the
covering of board room bears, who took quick
profits. The loaning rate for stocks does not
indicate a widely extended short interest be
yond the in-and-out transactions by the board
room traders. The bearish operators are in
constant apprehension of some maneuver or
announcement by these interested in supporting
the market which would cause a sudden rally
and cost the shorts heavy losses. There was
no evidence of any such maneuver to-day, the
market yielding easily to every attack. But
there was a general disposition on the part
of the traders to close their contracts over
night and the demand from this source caused
a substantial rally in the late dealings run
ning from 1 to 3 points. At the low level the
inroads upon Saturday's prices were as fol
lows for leading stocks: Rock Island, 7%; Mis
souri Pacific, '%; Union Pacific, 6%; St. Paul,
6%: St. Louis, Southwestern preferred, 6;
Atchison. 4H: St. Louis and San Francisco sec
ond preferred, Z%; Kansas and Texas preferred
and Denver and Rio Grande preferred, 3% each.
There were many other losses of 1 to 3 points
at other points of the list and Baltimore and
Ohio was down 4% and New York Central 3%.
The United States Steel stocks moved narrowly
all day. The closing was quiet and steady,
with a good part of the rally maintained.
Railroad bonds were dull and weak. Total
sales, par value. $2,255,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
86,400 Atchison 63%
19,900 Atchison prefd 93
4.20U Baltimore & Ohio 93%
200 Baltimore & Ohio prefd SOV
700 Canadian Pacific 101%
100 Canada Southern 66%
2,700 Chesapeake & Ohio 43H
1.4iW Chicago & Alton 36%
700 Chicago & Alton, prefd 75
¦100 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy —
l,0uu Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 31
100 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis prefd 69
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 123
XtOO Chicago & Great Western 22
203 Chicago .& Great Western A prefd 80%
Chicago *& Great Western B prefd 47»i
300 Chicago & Northwestern 190 ,
9,600 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific... 13S»i"
400 Chicago Terminal & Trans 18%
600 Chicago Terminal & Trans, prefd.. 37%
200 C C C & St. Louis 8S
2,100 Colorado Southern 12?i
;oo Colorado Southern 1st prefd 48
Colorado Southern 2d prefd. '. 21%
1,200 Delaware & Hudson 156
805 Delaware," Lackawanna & West... 223
Denver & Rio Grande S9
400 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 89%
31,300 Erie 35*i
9,100 Erie 1st prefd 64%
700 Erie 2d prefd 47%
600 Great Northern prefd 173
300 Hocking Valley 48%
100 Hocking Valley prefd 73
5,100 Illinois Central , 146
300 Iowa Central 34
600 Iowa Central prefd 72
Lake Erie & Western 54
Lake Erie & Western prefd 117
13.100 Louisville & Nashville, ex div 100»i
9.100 Manhattan L 117
3,209 Metroplitan Street Railway 166
4,000 Mexican Central 23^
900 Mexican National 8%
COO Minneapolis & St Louis 106
30,800 Missouri Pacific 96%
500 Missouri. Kansas & Texas 24
4,200 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 52»i
500 New Jersey Central 157
7,100 New York Central 14S%
400 Norfolk & Western 46
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 87%
100 Northern Pacific prefd : 98
5,600 Ontario & Western 81
11,100 Pennsylvania Io2
9,400 Reading '• 37
4,000 Reading lft prefd '74%
4.503 Reading 2d prefd 48%
2 100 St Louis & San Francisco 39=4
100 St Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd 77
1,600 St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd 67
600 St. Louis Southwestern ,.... 27
1600 St Louis Southwestern prefd 56U
66,300 St Paul 155y 8
... St Paul prefd 181
69 100 Southern Pacific 53%
19,S<H) Southern Railway '. 28%
5, €00 Southern Railway prefd 82%
7700 Texas & Pacific 39Vi
100 Toledo S?t Louis & West 19%
700 Toledo St Louis & West prefd.« 32%
169, 9C0 Union Pacific ••-• 96 l ,i
400 Union Pacific prefd 8i%
1,700 Wabash • 19 .
3 700 Wa bash prefd 37
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 17%
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd... 29
700 Wisconsin Central 211g ;
300 .Wisconsin Central prefd 40
PCC4 St L 74%
Express Companies—
200 Adams 170
American 190
100 United States ..\ 85
Wells Fargo 140
Miscellaneous—
1MC0 Amalgamated Copper MM,
2.700 American C«r & Foundry 2S%
500 American Car & Foundry prefd 8'.'%
American Linseed Oil 23
American Linseed Oil prefd 60
2.100 American Smelting & Refining 52%
Km American Smelting & Rcfin prefd..l01%
3,100 American Tobacco ..."."... 127%
1200 Anaconda Mining Co 4314
7,900 Brooklyn Rapid Transit : 75%
600 Colorado Fuel & Iron 94%
600 Consolidated Gas 213
400 Continental Tobacco 63%
Continental Tobacco prefd 115
500 General Electric 233
1,000 Glucose Sugar 53
400 Hocking Coal ."............... 19
400 International Paper 20
International Paper prefd....'. 75..
LOOO International Power 95
.'500 Laelede Gas 91
500 National Biscuit ..40%
National Lead 19%
300 National Salt 44
100 National Salt prefd -75%
500' North American 98
.„ Pacific Coast .' 62
200 Pacific Mall 37
4,600 People's Gas .' .112%
1C0 Pressed Steel Car 40
Pressed Steel Car prefd .' 83
Pullman Palace Car .-.202
900 Republic Steel 18
500 Republic Steel prefd 72%
16.600 Sugar 141%
3,300 Tennessee Coal & Iron 58%
500 17nlon Paper & Bag Company 15%
Union .Paper. & Bag Company prefd. 70
2,100 United States Leather... 121%
300 United States Leather .prefd 77%
300 United States Rubber..!..... 18%
100 «Jnited States Rubber prefd ..-. 5914
69.700 United States Steel ". 38%
14,300 United States Steel prefd 87%
6C0 Western Union 90%
774,300 Shares sold. C- v
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg .107% N J C gen 5s... ....129%
Do coupon 107% N PaclflcSs.. ...... 72
Do 3s coupon.... 108V4 Do 4s 103
Do new 4s reg...l37VS N Y C & St L 4s.!lO7'J
Do new 4s coup..l3Sli N & W con 4s 1C2U
Do old 4s reg 113 Or Nav lsts 107V;
Do old 4s coup... 113 Do 4s 101?i
Do 5s reg... 107% Or Short Line 6s.!. 130
Do 5s coupon... .109 Do con 5s. 116%
Dlst of Col 3.65s... 126 Reading gen 4s.... 95
Atchison gen 4s. ..103% R G W lets...... 101%
Do adj 4s 96% St L & I M don 5tf. 116%
Canada So 2ds.....lO<>% St L & S F gen 6s.l32
Ches & O 4%s 107* St Paul cons ;.173
Do 5s 119 St P C & P lsts. ..l!0
Chi & N con 7s....l37>4 Do 5b 117
Do S F deb 5s. ..127% S Pacific 4s .". 91
Chicago Term 4s'.. 93 S Railway 5s. 116
Colorado So 4s..... 88% Stand R & T 6s... 60
I) & R G 4s 102 Tex & Pac lsts. ...118%
Erie gen 4s 86% Do 2ds 99
F W & D C lsts...lO4 U Pacific 4s ; 104%
Gen Electric 5s 200 Wabash lsts 118
Iowa Cent lsts. ...113% Do 2ds.. ...... 112
L & N unl 4s..;...10U,i West Shore 4s...."li2i4
M K & T 2ds...'... 84 ¦ Wise Cent lsts...! 87$
Do 4s 97% Va Centuries 94
NYC lsts... 104%l -, -,. ,
NEW YORK - MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con...... 20 Little Chief ..'.. 12
Alice 45 Ontario ........ 9 00
Breece ...........1 45 Ophlr 65
Brunswick Con...... 12 Phoenix :.. o»
Comstock Tunnel... C6 Fotosi .; 05
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, July 22.— Wheat— "Walla Walla,
56@56c. ,':.)...
TACOMA. July 22.— Wheat-Quiet and un
changed. BJuestem, 67c; club, 56c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or., July 22.— clearings, $365,
306; balances, $32,449.
Portland's Business.
LONDON. July 22.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 42,400 bales were offered.' . Crossbreds
were in brisk demand, some being taken by
America. Cape of Good Hope and Natal wools
sold steadily. There was a full attendance,
competition was brisk and prices were firm. . ,
London Wool Sales.
NEW YORK, July 22.— Cotton futures closed
quiet, 2 points net higher to 5 pplnts lower.
Nezv York Cotton-Market-
NEW YORK, July. 22.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, \July 20, as complied by the
New York Produce' Exchange, Is as follows:
Wheat, 67.281,000 btishels: decrease, 297.000 bush
els. Corn. 23,242.000 bushels: decrease, - S23.0UC
bushels. Oats, 6,341,000 bushels; decrease, SO.OCO
bushels. Rye, 433,000 bushels; decrease, 104,000
bushels. Barley, 311, OCO bushels; decrease, 50,000
bushels.' . ' . . \
Visible Grain Supply.
LONDON, July 22.— Consols. 92 15-16; silver,
26%d; French rentes, lOOf V 65c@100f 60c; wheat
cargoes on passage, rather firmer; No. 1 stan
dard California. 29s 6d; -Walla Walla, 27s 7d;
English* country markets, quiet but steady;
import into United Kingdom, wheat, 316,000 qrs;
import into United Kingdom, flour, 274,000 bbls;
wheat and flour on passage to'United Kingdom,
3,110,000, qrs; wheat and flour on passage to
Continent, 1,480,000 qrs; Indian shipments wheat
to United Kingdom, 28,000 qrs: Indian ship
ments wheat to Continent, 37,000 qrs.
LIVERPOOL, July 22.— Wheat, firm; No.' 1
standard California, 5s 9'/&d(g5s lOd; cotton, up
lands, 4 19-32d.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK. July 22.— There was a sharp
break In the price for spot tin, for London.,
owing: to manipulation, and the closing price
of £126 for spot showed a decline of £4. For
ward, deliveries, however, closed with only 15m
decline,, or at £115 10s. The local market was
entirely nominal, with bid price a trifle higher
at {27 65. - ' - ¦ - ,---¦.
Copper ruled dull and rominally unchanged
here, wlih lake quoted at *17 and casting anJ
electrolytic at $16 62%. The London market was
6s. 3d lower, with spot closing at £68 3s 9d and
futures £68 12s 6d. The local lead market was
dull -and unchanged, with $4 37% quoted and
London unchanged at £12 Is 3rl. Spelter \\!*s
dull here at $3 90@3 85, and London stood sit
unchanged prices and closed at' £16 15a. Thu
local Iron market was dull. Glasgow closed at
66s 3d and Middlesboro closed at 56s. ' The clos
ing local prices were as follows: Pig warrants,
$9 E0@10; No. 1 foundry Northern, $15<g 15 50; N'c.
2 do, $14® 14 50; No. 1 foundry Southern, $14 75®
15 25; No. 1 foundry Southern soft, $.14 75@15 25.
-CHICAGO. July 22.— CATTLE— Receipts,
21,014, Including 500 Texans. Steady to stronger;
good, to prime steers, $4 45@6 20; poor to
medium, $4 25@5 35; stockers and feeders, $2 40
@4 40; cows and heifers, $2 50@4 90;.. oanners,
$2 C5@2 33; bulls, $2 50®4 50; calves, $3 75@6 00;
Texas steers, $3 00@4 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 35,000; to-morrow,
24.C0C; left over, 3250. Steady to 5c lower.
Mixed and hutchers- $5 75@6 05; good to choice
heavy. $4@4 37%; rough heavy. $5 65@5 85; light,
$5 TSSfn 90; bulk of sales, $5 80@5 95. '
SHEEP— Receipts, 16,000. . Strong; lambs, 23c
higher. Good to choice wethers, $3 90@4 50;
fair to choice mixed, $3 50@3 90; Western sheep,
$3 30@4 12%; yearlings, $4<5>4 63; native lambs,
$3(g'5 40; Western lambs, $4@5 30. :
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., July 22.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 4200; market 10@25c lower. Natives, $4@.
5 90; cows and heifers, $1 25@4 95; bulls and
stags, $2 13<&'4 90; etockers and feeders, $2©4 15;
veals, $2V> SO. . '
HOGS — Heeeipts, 5700; steady to 5c lower;
light and light mixed, $5 55@5 85; medium and
heavy. $5 60<§6 05; .pigs@'$3 75; bulk, $5 65@5 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, 5500; market opened 10@15c
higher, closed weaker.
/ '
New York Metal Market.
Chicago Livestock.
NEW YORK, July 22.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Pears—Bart
lett, $2 20@3 05 box. Peaches— Crawford, 75c@
$1 30 box; Decker, average $1 55; Foster,- aver
age, $1 10. Apples — Alexander, average $2 75
box. Plums— Kelsey, $1 60@2 40 single crate;
Purple Duane. $1 20@2 20; Washington, $1 60@
1 90; Wickson, $1 20@2 05; Burbank, $1 80@2 20;
Jefferson, $1 25@1 65. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 50®
2 40 single crate; Simoni, S5c@$l 75; German,
$1 80@2 05. Eighteen cars of fruit sold to-day.
CHICAGO. July 22.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit: • Pears—Bart
lett, $2 30@2. 65 box; Clapp's Favorite, average
$1 05 half box. Peaches— Early Crawford, 70c©
$1 30 box; Decker, $1 15@1 30; Foster, $105®
1 30; Mamie Ross, average $1 ia . Nectarines-
Red, ' average $125 single crate. Plums—Dia
mond, average $2 05 single crate; Kelsey Japan,
$1 85<g2 20; -Purple Duane, average $1 75; Wash
ington. $1 65@1 80; Eureka, $1 30@l 65; Wickson.
$1 30@l 90. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 85@2 10 single
crate. ,
Porter Bros,.' Company sales: Pears—Bart
lett, $2 40@2 50. Peaches— Crawford, 95c@$l 20;
Foster, average $1 10. Red Nectarines, $1 25.
Plums— Satsuma, $1 50@l 60; Wickson, $1 50(&>
2 05: Yellow Egg,- average $1 65; Quackenboss,
average $165; Peach, $1 55@1 60; Climax, aver
age, $1 60; Purple Duane, average $140; Brad
shaw. $l 35@l-60; Royal Hatlve, $1 30@l 35; Im
perial, average $1 31. Apricots, average $1 25.
Prunes— Tragedy, average $1 85: Bulgarian,
$1 43. . Grapes — Fontainebleau, $1 85@1 90. Sold
twelve cars. •
California Fruit Sales.
Continued on Page Eleven.
Crushed. 5.75c; Powdered, 5.X-.c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.35c: Dry Granulated. 5.25c; Confection
ers' A. 5.25c;"" Fruit Granulated. 5.25c: Beet
Granulated, 5.15c: Magnolia A, 4.85c; Extra C.
4.75c: Golden C. 4.65c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its ec-ilvalent. Dominos, half-bar*
rels, Cc; boxes, 6.25c per lb.
COAL OIL— Prices for coal oil have advanced
%c. Water White Coal Oil. in bulk, 13c; Pearl
Oil. In case*. 19c: Astral. 19c: Star. 19c: Extra
Star. 23c; Elaine. 24c; Eocene. 21c; deodorized
stove gasoline, in bulk. 13c: In cases. 21c; Ben
zine, in bulk, 14c: in cases. 20c: S6-degree Gaso
line, in bulk, 2Cc; In jcases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon In cases and
52<* in drum* or iron barrels.
SUGAR — The 'Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound, in 10<Vlb bags:
OILS — California Castor OH, in cases. No: t,
73c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
94c; raw, 92c; cases. 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels. 80c; cases. 83c; China
Nut. 53@63c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels. 63c: cases. 70c: Sperm, pure. 63c; Whale
Oil. natural white. 37% < S42'Ac per grallon: Fish
OH. in barrels. 35c: cases. 40c.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, JS50; Cooi Bay.
$3 50; Wallsend. $3: Co-ODerative Wallsend. $9;
Cumberland, $12 50 In bulk and $13 73 in sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel. $10
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 43 per
20C0 lbs and $3 £0 per ton, according to brand.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, V3%V»c.
local make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
32@35c; Fleece Twine. T%@8c; Fruit Bags, 5%®
6c for cotton and 8%@8»ic for Jute.
General Merchandise.
VEAL— Large. 7@Sc; smell. 8$3c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@8c; Ewes. 7@7%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8%@9c per pound.
PORK— Li~e Hogs. 200 lbs and under, «%9
6',-ic; over 200 lbs. 6c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per
cent off. boars Jt per cent off and stags 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hoss, 7%@9Hc.
The weels opened without any change in
prices.
"Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF— €@6%c for Steers and 3®Sc per lb for
cows.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Northern, free. 12@13c: defective, 9@Uc* Mid*
die County, free. 10@llc; do. defective, S@10c:
Southern. 11 months, 8@9c; Southern, free, t
months. 7@10c; do, defective, 7 months 7S8c-
Oregon Valley, fine, 14@15c: do, medium and
coarse, ll@13c; Oregon. Eastern, choice. 11®13c
do. fair to good. 9@llc; Nevada. lOfill'ic
HOPS— 15®20c per lb.
LONDON. July 22.— Anaconda, 9; Atchison '
72%; do preferred, 96%; Canadian Pacific, 104%;
Denver and Rio Grande, 41^; do preferred,
93%; Northern Pacific preferred, 99; Southern
Pacific, 54%; Union Pacific, 99; do preferred,
90%; bar silver, 26%d per ounce; money, 1^
<§l?i per cent
CLOSING.
The market here were upset by the flatness
in the American department which Is exerting
considerable influence here, although sentiment
was favorably disposed toward a - current
rumor that Lord Kitchener is about to resign
his post In South Africa for one in India, his
successor being General Bindon Blood. This
is regarded as an indication that the end of
the war is rapidly approaching. Americans
opened "sick" on the weakness In New York
last Saturday. There was an early rally for
about ten minutes, followed by renewed de
pression. Then New York came in as a seller,
finding few buyers here and the close was at
the lowest on the disappointing crop rumors
and a vague statement that a rather important
Wall street house was in trouble. *
NEW YORK, July 22.— The Commercial Ad
vertieerjs London financial cablegram says: ¦
London Market.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, July 22.— To-day's statement
of the . Treasury . balances in the general fund,
exclusive of. the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $169,361,898; gold, $96,782,362.
NEW YORK, July 22.— Money on call, steady
at 2%@3 per cent; last loan, 2% per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent; sterling ex
change, is firm, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $487% for demand and $4 84 for
sixty days; posted rates, $4 85%(g:4 86 and $4 V .S
(f?4 SSV&; commercial bills, $4 S4Vi@4 84%; bar sil
ver, 6SUc; Mexican dollars, 4W4c; Government
bonds, steady; State bonds, Inactive; rallrc-ad
bonds, weak. ...
New York Money Market.
Con Cal & Va 1 90 Savage 07
Deadwood Terra.'..: 50 Sierra Nevada 14
Horn Silver .135 Small Hopes........ 50
Iron Silver.. ..a 58 Standard 3 10
Leadville Con... 05. -\
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . .Union Land.. 3
Call loans 1...4@5 West End..... 95
Time loans... 4@u Westinghse Elec... 66
Stocks— • . Bonds— . ' . ¦
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 69% N E Gas & C 5s... 55%
Do prefd 92% Mining Shares-
American. Sugar... 141% Adventure 24V4
Amer Telephone.. ..190 Blngham 21
Boston & Albany.. 257 Amalg Copper 111%
Boston Elevated.. .185 Atlantic 37
Boston & Maine. ...193- Calumet & Hecla..780
I>ominion Coal 37 Centennial 27}&
Do prefd ....114 Franklin 17
U S Steel 38% Humboldt 25 '
Do prefd S7?i Oeceola 92 *
Gen Electric... ...252 Parrot 50V4
Mexican Central... 23' Quincy. ex-div.....l69
N E Gas & Coke.. 6 Santa Fe Copper... 6%
Old Colony 208- Tamarack 342
Old Dominion 29 Winona ...' 2%
Rubber 19. Wolverines 59ft
Union Pacific 96 . .
Business being affected by the teamsters' strike.
Silver a fraction firmer. Exchange unchanged.
IV heat, Oats and Corn excited and rising. ¦
Barley and Rye quiet and unchanged.
Ha\ depressed under continued excessive receipts.
Feedstuffs no higher, but firm.
Pink Beans still higher under the shipping demand.
Potatoes and Vegetables affected by the strike.
Butter rather easier. Cheese firm. Eggs quiet and weak.
Fruit shipping from this port checked by the teamsters' strike.
Dried Fruit quiet and unchanged.
Provisions quieter, owing to the strike.
No cJiange in Wool, Hops and Hides. • • ;
Meat quotations stand as before.
Light trading on the local stock exchanges.
Coal Oil advanced half a cent per gallon.
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
These markets, like the others, are" more or
less affected by the teamsters' strike, which
Interferes with the movement, of the mer
chandise. Otherwise they present no new
feature. .... • '
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands -sell
about lHc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. lO^igtlc; medium, 9@10c: light. 8>/4®9c:
Cow Hides. SH@9%c for heavy and for
light; Stags. 6%c; Salted Kip. 9%c: Salted Ve.al.
9H©10c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16Vic;
Culls, 14c; Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf, 17@18c;
Culls and Brands. 14@15c; Sheepskins/ shear
lings. 15Q30c each;, short Wool. 30® 50c each;
medium. 60@75c: long Wool, 80cS$l each; Horse
Hides, salt. $2 5n®2 75 for large and $2@2 25
for medium. $1 50@l 75 for small and 50c for
Colts;- Horse Hides, dry, $175 for large. $150
for medium: $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins — Summer . or red skins. 35c ; fall or
medium skins. 30c; winter > or -thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c;- large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; choice.
5c: No. 2. 3>4@4c: grease. 2%@3e.
WOOL— Sprine. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14@13^ic; do. Lambs'.- lie per. lb:
The feeling continues 'firm enough, but -the
wholesalers and Jobbers are largely tisd up
by the teamsters', strike, and the reception and
delivery of goods are thereby greatly hindered.
Prices show no chancre.
CURED MEATS>-^.Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy
12%c for light medium, 13%c for llrht, 14%c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. -13}&8>14c; California Hams.
13c; Mess Beef. $12 per bbl: extra Mess, $12 50;
Family, $13 50; . prime Mess Pork. $15: extra
clear, -$23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 13>£@143
per lb. ¦ • -
v LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7i4c per lb for
compound and 10V4c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
10%c: 10-lb tins. ll%c; 5-lb tins. ll^e.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9%c: one tterce. 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces. 8%c per lb. -¦¦
Hides, Tallow; Wool and Hops.
The market Is not improved by. the teamsters'
strike, as" hauling to the railroads and wharves
Is seriously cut down. ¦ As this Is the dull sea
son in this market, however, the damage to
trade Is not very pronounced as yet. The mar
ket shows no • further changes besides those
mentioned at the close of the week. \
• FRUITS— Apricots, 7@10c for new Royals and
7%c' to 14c -for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 4@6c; sun dried, I 1 / &@2 1 / 2c:
new Evaporated Apples, 5@7c; Teaches, 3^<g?4c
for standard, 4V&@5 I /£c for^choice and fXB&.sC for
fancy; new 'Peaches, 6c for July and 5c for
August delivery: Pears, 4@8c; Plums, pitted.
3@4c; unpitted. %@lVic: Nectarines, 4@4»2C for
red and 4@5c for whfte.
PRUNES — 4 sizes: 40-SOs. 6Uc; 50-60s. 4%c;
6O-70S, 3%c; 70-SOs, 3^c; 80-90s, 2%c; 90-lOOs, 254c;
100-120S, 1%C.
• RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb: choice. He;
standard,' 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10»4c per lb
choice, 9V4c; standard. 8%c; prime, 8c: un
bleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless, SO-lb boxes
6%c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6V4c; 2-crown, 6c;
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 5^4c, and
4-crown, 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices). 5»4c; Lon
don Layers, 2-crown. $1 50 per box: 3-crown
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Im
perials. $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points In California. ft
• NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12®12Uc-
No. 2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10^4c; No 2
6%@7%c; Almonds,. 13@14c for paper-shell. 10®
lie for sof tshell and 5@6c for hardshell ; Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12&c-
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and 9@9%c
for light amber: water white extracted. 5@5l&c;
light amber extracted, 4@4i£c; datk, 3Uc.
BEESWAX— 25@58c per lb.
, . Provisions.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and- Raisins.
$1 50 for double layers; White, nominal. ¦•
MELONS— Nutmegs, 75c®$l 50 per box and
$1 50@l 75 per crate; Cantaloupes, 91 25@1 75 per
half-crate and $2 50@4" per large crate; Water
melons, from Fresno, $1 50@3 50 per dozen.
I GRAPES— Seedless and Black, trom Arizona.
75c@$l per crate: Fontainebleau and . Black,
from Vacaville. $1@1 10 per box. ' .
* CITRUS FRUITS— Mediterranean Sweety.
Valencias and St. Michaels, $2@;j 50; Lemons,
$1 50@2 for common and $2 50@3 50 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, 50c<f$l 50; Mexican Limes.
$7 50@8; Bananas, $1 23@2 per' bunch; Pineap
ples. $1 50@3 per dozen.
, DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— S5c®$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 35©75c for ordinary.,- " ' - ; ••-...
APRICOTS— 20@30c per box, v 30@35c per crate;
In bulk, $10@15 per ton for small and $17 50@
25 for larce. • . ... . ¦• ...
, CRABAPPLES— 35@50c per small and 60c@$l
per large box. - . . . '
. PLUMS— 30@65c per box. and 30@50c>per bas
ket: . Prunes, 40@75c per Vate and 40@50c per
basket; Green Gages, $15@20 per ton.
PEACHES— 25@40c | per box and 15@35c per
basket for common and 30©40c per box and 25<g>
40c per basket for Crawfords and J20<g22 50 per
ton for Frees and $25@35 Tor Clings in the
country. ' Sawyer's, S.eedlings, . 40c per basket
on the wharf.
NECTARINES— White, . 40<36Cc per box; Red,
'40®65c. .,-¦ '•¦ ¦ i >-j .,.!¦.. • - •-.* ' •
PEARS— Dearborn Seedlings, 50<@'60c per box:
Bartletts, $1@1 25 per box for No. 1, S0@75c for
No. 2 and $30040 per ton In the country.
1 STRAWRERHIKS- «3«i:5 per chest for; Long
worths and $3@4 50 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3<Sn. per chest. - :
LOGAN. BERRIES— $5@6 per chest. ¦ v .
RASPBERRIES— $4@5 pep -chest.- • V,
CURRANTS— Nominal. . ' • .¦ ... ;
HUCKLEBERRIES— £@10c per lb. '
,- FIGS— Black, EC@75c : per box > for single and
: The' teamsters' strike made the fruit trade
look. very blue yesterday. Dealers found great
difficulty In receiving and delivering fruit, as
the teamsters of the large draylng companies
refused to haul to the canneries, deliver ship
ments to the steamers or haul from the wharves
and railroads to those stores which had been
patronizing jthe draylng companies. Those
dealers who own their own teams found less
difficulty, but all were more • or less affected,
as the strike has many ramifications, which
operate in all sorts . of directions, and on all
sorts of dealers. An extension of the strike to
day is threatened, and this unsettled trade very
much. • •
Under this condition of affairs ths market
was much quieter and the feeling was general
ly weak. Plums . and Pears alone • of all \ the
tree f ruits. continued firm, while Peaches were
very '; weak and lower. Berry handlers report
ed considerable stock left on hand. It is feared
that a good deal of fruit will spoil on ¦ the
wharves in consequence ot tne strike. As it is.
Peaches were - offered down to 10c per basket
on the wharf in the afternoon, and the receiv
ers were only too glad to let the surplus go at
that. , The -shipping, trade of the. port, as far
as fruit is concerned; is almost at a standstill:
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy — Extras, U9c; firsts." 17c; seconds, 13c;
store, I2#14c. ¦ . '
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9c; choice, 8%c;
common, nominal: Young Americas. 10c; East
ern full cream, 13@15c per lb.
EGGS- • , ¦ • '
California Ranch — Selected white, 17c;rnlx?d
colors, 15c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 15c; standard,
13c; seconds". .
Eastern— Standard. 15c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extra, 20c; firsts, 19c; seconds.
BUTT^R-^-Creamery, 21ig:21V2C per lb for
fancy and 19@20c for seconds; dairy,. 14<§,l9c
per lb. i
CHEESE— New, 9@10c; old, nominal; Young
Americas. 10@llc per lb. '
EGGS — Ranch. 17<S20c for good to fancy;
store, 13@loc per dozen; - , . - .
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
The teamsters' strike Is hurting business In
this line ,by retarding the delivery of consign
ments from the country to the stores. Butter
Is In light supply, but the strike Is rendering
an otherwise firm situation weak. Cheese con
tinues firm under light supplies. Eggs, like
Butter, feel the strike, and the weakness men
tioned last week is thereby emphasized. Ranch
were quoted lower on the Exchange, and while
dealers on the outside did not lower (Prices they
quoted a very quiet and weak market.
Receipts were 74,200 ' pounds and 97 tubs of
Butter, 769 cases of Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs. 24,700 pounds of California Cheese.
pounds Oregon Cheese, and pounds East
ern Cheese. ¦ • •
Butter; Cheese and Eggs.
The market was dull and nominal yesterday.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, S@9c for Gobblers
and S@9c for Hens;- Geese, per pair, $1@1 25;
Ooslings; $l(pl 25: Ducks. $2 50(33 for old - and
$3(S4 for young; Hens, $403: young Roosters,
$5©5 50; old Roosters. $3 50@4; Fryers, $4@4 50;
Broilers, $2 S0@3 50 for large and $1 50@2 25 for
small ; Pigeons, SI 50@l 75 per dozen for old and
$1 5055175 for Squab3. • ¦ •
GAME— Hare. $l<gl 50; Rabbits. $1@1 50 for
Cottontail and $1 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
Potatoes are being affected by the teamsters'
strike, though prices thus far. show little de
cline. • The , shipping demand for the West
and Southwest continues. Onions are still
quoted firm.
Vegetables are affected by the strike, and
prices for River Tomatoes are much lower.
The other kinds are also weak, but prices stand
about as before.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 90c@$l 25 In sacks
and $l@l 40 in boxes for Burbanks. 90c@$l 10
for Garnet Chiles and $1 10@l 25 for Early Rose;
Salinas Kurbanks. $1 35@1 50.
ONIONS — Red, 30©50c per sack; Yellow, 95c
@$1 10. ¦
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1 75@2 23 for
large. ?1'23#1 50 per box for No. I and 50c@$l
for No. 2; Green Peas. 2@2%c; String. Beans,
lSi'2Vtc:- Limas, 4c; Cabbage, 35«?40c per ctl;
Tomatoes, from 'Winters. 10@25c: Rivers, in
large boxes, 25@50c; Dried Peppers.- 12@18c:
Green Okra, 10@15c; Carrots, 25@35c per sack;
Winter Cucumbers, nominal; Bay. 40@50c; Gar
lic 2@3c: Green Peppers, 60c@$l per box for
Chile and $1@1 50 for Bell; Egg Plant, 75c@
$1 25 per box; Oreen Corn, 50c@$l' per sack;
Alameda 51gTl 50 per crate; Berkeley 75c<ff$l;
Summer Squash, large boxes, 15@25c; New
Marrowfat Squash, lV4@2c per lb.
Another advance In Pink Beans Is reported
and the shipping demand continues. Texas 13
taking large quantities, owing to the drought
down there.. The other descriptions are quiet
and unchanged. > . :.
BEANS-Bayos, '* $2 25@2 BO: Small Whlt».
$4 75(?5)4 90; Large White, $3 50®3 85; Pink, $1 50
@1 70; Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3; Limas, $6 15
06 35; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 73i03; Canary, 3>4®
3V£c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1%@
2V4c; Hemp, 3%c per lb. •
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 60 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and .Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds:
Receipts of Hay continue excessive, those
yesterday being 1170 tons. There were 74 . cars
on the track. The market is badly overloaded
and the tendency is still downward. . ¦
• Feedstuffs of all kinds are strong in' sym
pathy with the raw grains, but no further ad
vances are reported. '
BRAN— $17 60@18 50 per ton.'
MIDDLINGS— $19 50(321 .per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $23@26; Jobbing.
$26 60; Cocoanut. Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal,
$28 50@29 50; Cracked Corn, $29@30; Mixed Feed,
$17@18. '
HAY — New is quotable as ' follows: Wheat.
$7(&9 50: choice. $10; Wheat and Oat. $650®9;
Oat, $6@8 50; Barley and Oat. $6@8; Alfalfa,
$7@9: Clover, $5 B0@7; Volunteer, $4 50@5 50.
STRAW-25@42%c per bale.
FLOUR— California Family extras. $3 23<8
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@5 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
f2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3. . '• . ¦ i
• MILLSTXJFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: . Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye ,. Flour, $2 75;. Rye
Meal, $2 B0; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3; ex
tra cream do. $3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy,
$3 75@4;- Buckwheat • Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 BO;" Farina, $4 60; "Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 33@7 85;
In sacks, $fi@7 60; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$5;' Green Peas. S6 SO per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s. \
Flour and Millstuffs.
This market Is very stiff and hi,jh as i prices
are they are still tending upward. Small rouit
Yellow $150; Eastern Yellow. $1 47%; White,
$1 62%; -Mixed,- $145 per ctl.
RYE— 72V4@77%c,per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— None In first hands.
The. weather continued hot and dry all over
the belt. A Chicago wire to liolt.on, do Ruy
ter & Co. said: '"The hottest and longoot dry
speil on record in the Corn belt ia giving Corn
and Qati tln> finishing touches. Th-i . whole
country is buying Corn." The American
visible supply decreased 823,000' bushels during
the -week. . ' -•' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦_ :
• CALL BOARD. SALES.
1 Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
. Second Session— No sales.
'Regular. Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales. ••¦.*¦
OATS— Red continue the »>r.ly kin 1 offered
and are quoted firm at 97%c(g?l 1V& p°r ctl.
with a good demand, both for consumptive and
speculative account.
The Chicago market rose from Salic to ESHC
with a very stiff market. Chicago wires to
Bolton, De Ruyter, & Co. said: "The hottest
and longest dry spell on record Is putting the
finishing touches to -Oats an! Corn."
The visible supply decreased l.CSO.OOO bushels
las'. week. . - • ¦..-..
CORN— Chicago advanced from 53>«c to 50'ic,
with an excited market.
BARLEY— This cereal has not yet sym
pathized with the advance In the others end
quotations remain unchanged, with a | dull
market. - .. ... . \
Feed. 73«4c for choice bright, "l%@72V4c for
No.-l and 67}J@70c for off graded Brewing and
Shipping grades, 73@82^c;- Chevalier, nominal.
8000 $103%; 2000, .$1 03%; .seller. 3301, sWrage
paid, 2000, $1. >• .:. }\ r i - •
Regular Morning Session— Becember-^000 ctls,
$104>4; 48,000, *1 04; 20,000, :$104H; 8000, $103%.
May— 6000, $1 07%; seller, -1901, storage paid,
8000, $1 oo'i; 2000, $1 00%. \. . • • • ¦ ¦¦¦¦.: ¦
. Afternoon Session— December— 6000 'ctls, II C4;
24,000, $1 03%. . • s " ;¦>
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUES DAY, JULY 23, 1901.
' 71V4®72%c; ,No.Vj; corn, B8%c;< No.. 3 yellow,
57»4@58%c ; No. 2 oats.' 39%@40c ; . No. ' 3 white,
,S9\@43c; No. 2 ry#,.57c; fair to choice malting
barley, 4S@50c; prime timothy seed, Jo 25; mess
pork, per bbl. $14 45014 50: lard, per 100 lbs,
$8 62%®8 65;- short ribs sides (loose), $7 90@8 05;
dry salted «houlders (boxed), 7%@7%c; short
clear sides (boxed). $8 40®8 50; < whisky, * basis
of- high wines, $1 27; clover, * contract grade,'
|9 75. ;.-¦.?•¦. ¦¦¦_>¦ . ¦• - .-'••' .¦ . ,- . ¦ ¦ ; ¦ .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ."...¦.....¦..:.:. 29,000 17,000
Wheat, bushels- .;..... 313. 000 .282,000
Corn, bushels 20Q.00O 137.000 '
Oats, bushels .."...... 131,000 , , 168,000
Rye,- bushels 6,000 . ": :.'... .:
Barley, bushels.. 6.000 7,000
On the ¦ Produce Exchange . to-day the ' butter
market was firm; creameries, 14%@19c; dairies,
13@16»4e. Cheese, 9^4@10V-c. Eggs, steady;
fresh.. 12c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL. v
. Wheat - Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 7tt 5 8%
Closing 5 SH 5 9%
PARIS. •
Wheat— - July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 95 22 05'
Closing 2105 22 15
Flour — i "¦
Opening: -........:'.'.....'. 26 75 28 10
Closing 26 85 28 05-
8
STATIONS.
Astoria ...,
Baker
Carson
Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocatello. Id
Independence ..
Lcs Angeles
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
Ftoseberg
Sacramento
Salt Lake
5an Francisco ..
Fan Luis Obispo
San Dieeo
Seattle
Spokane
Walla Walla ...
Winnemucca ...
yunia
I ff ii si m
I Vt ?g |S 3£- : j
| : 3 : 2 p. a ? : ?
.. 30.0S 66 B6 JCW Cloudy -«8
.. iS.80 86 E8 XW Clear 0
..23.90 82 60 B Cloudy 0
..29.98 64 58 NIP Cloudy 0
.. 29.72 100 T2 ,\T Clear «
.. TS 5S KW Cloudy .16
.. 29.70 98 64 EE Cloudy O-
.. 29.6S 94 72 NE Pt.Cldy .02
.. 29.78 a 60 W Clear 0
.. 29.64 104 S2 W Pt.Cldy 0
.. 29.9S 74 64 XW Pt.Cldy T.
.. £9.74 100 6S SE Clear 0
.. 29.90 S6 <2 KVf Clear 0
.. 29. 78 S4 5S SW Pt.Cldy 6
.. 29. 6S 98 "2 XW Cloudy 0
.. 29.88 68 52 W Clear 0
o. 29. S2 SG 50 XW Clear 0
.. 29.78 70 64 AV Clear 0
.. 30.08 70 58 TV Pt.Cldy .28
.. 29.SS 90 5« S Clear 0
.. 23. S2 92 66 SW Clear 0 |
.. 29.74 54 56 SE Pt.Cldy 0
.. 29.62 106 78 SW Clear 0
SPECIAL DAILY
STATIONS.
Santa Maria
f-an Jose
Ventura
Napa
HolMFtfr
Palermo
Hanford
f FRUIT SERVICE.
* S » I ~? rf &I
3 5" S3 *£ £ s ' ?|
¦?:?= fo 55, . : z
: 3 : 2 E a 3 [,?
. 76 CO Oear 0
. S8 68 X Clear 0
. 71 57 Clear 0
. 91 « SW Clear 0
. 91 50 Clear 0
. 8S 57 S Clear 0
.100 68 Clear 0
STATIONS.
Astoria ...,
Baker
Carson
Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocatello. Id
Independence ..
Lcs Angeles
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
Ftoseberg
Sacramento
Salt Lake
5an Francisco ..
Fan Luis Obispo
San Dieeo
Seattle
Spokane
Walla Walla ...
Winnemucca ...
yunia
I ff ii si m
I Vt ?g |S 3£- : j
| : 3 : 2 p. a ? : ?
.. 30.0S 66 B6 JCW Cloudy -«8
.. iS.80 86 E8 XW Clear 0
..23.90 82 60 B Cloudy 0
..29.98 64 58 NIP Cloudy 0
.. 29.72 100 T2 ,\T Clear «
.. TS 5S KW Cloudy .16
.. 29.70 98 64 EE Cloudy O-
.. 29.6S 94 72 NE Pt.Cldy .02
.. 29.78 a 60 W Clear 0
.. 29.64 104 S2 W Pt.Cldy 0
.. 29.9S 74 64 XW Pt.Cldy T.
.. £9.74 100 6S SE Clear 0
.. 29.90 S6 <2 KVf Clear 0
.. 29. 78 S4 5S SW Pt.Cldy 6
.. 29. 6S 98 "2 XW Cloudy 0
.. 29.88 68 52 W Clear 0
o. 29. S2 SG 50 XW Clear 0
.. 29.78 70 64 AV Clear 0
.. 30.08 70 58 TV Pt.Cldy .28
.. 29.SS 90 5« S Clear 0
.. 23. S2 92 66 SW Clear 0 |
.. 29.74 54 56 SE Pt.Cldy 0
.. 29.62 106 78 SW Clear 0
SPECIAL DAILY
STATIONS.
Santa Maria
f-an Jose
Ventura
Napa
HolMFtfr
Palermo
Hanford
f FRUIT SERVICE.
* S » I ~? rf &I
3 5" S3 *£ £ s ' ?|
¦?:?= fo 55, . : z
: 3 : 2 E a 3 [,?
. 76 CO Oear 0
. S8 68 X Clear 0
. 71 57 Clear 0
. 91 « SW Clear 0
. 91 50 Clear 0
. 8S 57 S Clear 0
.100 68 Clear 0
The Forward Reduction Company.
27 William Street, New York. Beaumont, Texas.
Williamson Building, Cleveland, Ohio. Lake Charles, Louisiana.
CAPltAL STOCK, $5,000,000.
500,030 Shares, Par Value $10 a share.
$2,600,000 o? the Capital is in the Tr;asu?y for Treasury Purposes.
Organized under the Laws of West Virginia. '
Owner of all the stack o! th2 Forward Oil Producing Company, the Forward Refining
i * Company and the Forward Pipe Line Company.
President, CHAUNCEY B. FORWARD, Cleveland, Ohio.
Vice-President, EDWARD L. BUCHWALTER, Springfield, Ohio.
Secretary and Treasurer, L. V.' DuJNlS, Cleveland, Ohio.
DIRECTORS I
DR. CHAUNCEY B. FORWARD, N5WTON C. DOUGHERTY,
President. Cleveland, Ohio.' President Peoria Xational Bank. Peorta,
WALTERS.LOGA\, wTvVARNFB
Lawyer New York. w - "• WARNER,
Coal Miner and Dealer In Coal and Coke.
EDWARD L: BUCHWALTER. Cleveland. Ohio.
President Citizens' National Bank and Pres- juic^ « VVATFRS
Jdent Superior Brill Company. Spring. J -MgJ* "^JB RS^
, ment Company. Galveston, Texas.
COL. L. J. POLK, L0LJI3 V. DFNIS,
General Manager Santa Fe Kailroad Co.; Sec. and Treas. Forward Reduction Com-
• Galveston. Texas. pany, Cleveland. Ohio.
General Counsel : ,
WALTER S. LOGAN, 27 William St., New York.
The FORWARD REDUCTION COMPANY is, in its. own name and
through its subsidiary companies above named, the owner of
1. Dr. Chauncey B. Forward's process for refining crude petroleum and the- patents relat-
ing to and covering the same. .
This system Is particularly applicable to the refining of the heavy oils recently discov-
ered, of Louisiana. Texas and California.' Dr. Forward is a chemist and his process is
chemical, instead of the mechanical processes heretofore employed. These heavy oils do not
yield readily to any mechanical treatment, and Dr. Forward's process Is the only one which
reduces them readily enough and cheaply enough to answer commercial conditions
A reHnery to be established on tide water near the Texas and Louisiana oil fields and
capable cf treating twenty-nve hundred barrels of crude oil a day Is in process of construc-
* tlon and will be in operation some time during the present year
2. The oil rights on about 100,000 acres of land In Southwestern' Louisiana and Southeast-
ern Texas.
Several thousand acres of these lands we own In fee simple but on most of them w»
have the usual oil lease which gives, us. the right to the oil and minerals on the DTODerty
.' subject to a payment to the owner of one-eighth or one-tenth royalty
In Jefferson County. Texas, and Calcasieu Parish. Louislana-whlch Include the leading
oil districts of their respective States— we have larger holdings than any other oil company
The lands were selected by' Dr. Forward, or under his Immediate supervision. Those who
know the man will believe they- are well selected.
The stock of the FORWARD REDUCTION COMPANY is a particularfy
conservative investment for the following reasons:
1. The actual property rights of the company are of greater cash value than its total
capitalization— five million dollars. . ¦
At tho price at which oil lands have been eelllnu In the oil regions of Texas and Louisi-
ana, ours , would bring very much more than the amount of our capitalization. On the most
conservative estimate they are yrell worth that sum. " '
2. More than half of the stock is still in the Treasury for Treasury purposes, after all
these lands have been acquired.
The process of selecting and acquiring lands is still going on. and with the experlene-
Ae has gained and the superior knowledge he now has. we may well expect Dr Forward
to do at l^st as well, with .the last half of the capitalization as he has with the first
¦ 3. We expect that the profits of the refining -part of the company's business alone-
leaving out of account altogether the company's investment In oil lands— will pay substan-
tial dividends upon the cap tal stock.
i. The "reasonable possibilities before the company'' are i almost boundless. We are
' equipped with talent, expci-ience and money; and ready to take advantage of the manifold
opportunities that are now offering. . ¦ -
If liquid fuel Is to bs. the fuel of the future— as many far-seeing men believe— we shall
be among the foremost to share in the manifold profits c? its introduction.
•¦ The company is especially fortunate in. its leader. J.T. Forward Is a man of thorough
scientific knowledge, rare business "judgment, unquestioned personal integrity and with a zeal
for. this enterprise and a loyalty to -those .who support him in it such as are seldom foun.l
• In men; -The company ! believe that. they, have in him a combination of those elements which
insure success.
.The names of the men associated with him In the enterprise are the names of success-
ful men who have merited and received the confidence of the community.
A limited amount of the socket the FORWARD F EDUCTION COMPANY^* o'fered
for sale at par— $1O a share. When this 's exhausted no mnre can be had exrept at
an advanced price. No optio.-.s can be given, and subscriptions will be filled in tho
order o? their, receipt.
; Checks shcu'd It made to the order'of Walter S. Logan, Attorney, and fo; warded, to
him at his cffi;e, No. 27 William Strut, 'Nea. YjTx. ~';-'M\
Forward Reduction Company-,
¦ . _ ¦ ' . ¦ - - ¦ ¦ . ¦ .
AUCTION SALES
fe». ANOTHER BIG $»
AUCTION SALE
Of Selected and Accepted
GERMAN GOVERNMENT ARTIL-
LERY HORSES,
Consisting of
100 MARES AND GELDINGS.
Broken single and double, and weighing from
lOOO to 1350 pounds, and are from 4 to 10 years
¦eld. Many handsome single drivers, well
matched teams and saddle horses. All are
eolid in color and have passed the veterina-
rian's inspection. They are suitable for livery-
men, stage owners, teamsters, expressmen, etc.
No reserve. Terms cash.
Sa'» Takf»* P'»ce
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY, July 23, 1901,
/From 10 a. m. Sh*rp to 1:30 p. m.
OCCIDENTAL IIOftSE EXCHANGE.
I 721 HOWARD ST., NEAR THIRD.
WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
/Horsew at Salesyard Jnly 20th. .HON. WILLIAM C. WHITNEY,
the prominent sportsman-mil
lionaire, is decidedly averse to
having his picture taken. Thus
far he has hanaged to evade the
persistent efforts of the camera fiends.
Published, pictures of the sportsman which
appear from time to time represent him
as he appeared ten years ago and not as
he is to-day.
Since the completion of his term as Sec
retary of the Navy, 1885 to 1S89, under the
first "Cleveland administration, Whitney
has devoted considerable time to turf
matters. His Volodyovski, guided by
Jockey Lester Reiff, created a sensation
In British turf circles on June 5 by win
ning the great English Derby at Epsom
Downs.
LONDON, July 22.— The Hungarian
violinist, Kubelik, has been engaged by
Daniel FrOhman for an American tour,
commencing in New York in December
next. Frohman has guaranteed that
Kubelik's share of the proceeds of the
tour shall not be less than $100,000. v '
Fenn Wins the Pursuit Race.
HARTFORD, Conn., July 22.— W. S.
Fenn of Bristol, Conn., won the interna
tional five-mile pursuit race from T. J.
Gascoyne of England at the Velodrome
to-night in hollow fashion.
Violinist Kubelik Coming to America.
of the Secret Service has received a num
ber of bank notes printed from the orig
inal plates used by the State Bank of
New Brunswick, N. J., over fifty years
ago. The bank went out of existence some
time in the fifties and It was supposed
that the steel plates from .which its notes
were printed -were destroyed. It seems,
however, that these plates have fallen
into the hands of parties who have print
ed from them large quantities of notes,
which have been put into circulation from
New York to San- Francisco. A very
large percentage of the notes so far dis
covered are twos, although some ones and
fives are being sent in. Inasmuch as the
notes are not counterfeits of any United
States note or oblisatlon the makers and
passers cannot be prosecuted under the
United States laws. It appears that the
notes readily pass along the Canadian
frontier, as the takers think they are
notes of the Cajiadian province of New
Brunswick, the words "New Jersey" be
ing printed in small letters. The notes are
printed on bond paper and are quite as
good in every respect as the originals. It
is said that possibly $2,000,000 of these
notes are in circulation. . ;:«
Printed From the Plates
of a Defunct Bank of
New Jersey.
?
WASHINGTON, July 22.— Chief Wllkle
SPURIOUS NOTES
IN CIRCULATION
GLASGOW, July 22.— John Henderson,
the well-known shipbuilder of this city, 13
dead.
SANTA ROSA, July 22.— Dr. L. J. King,
a pioneer of the State, died to-day after
a brief illness. He was a native of New
York, aged 62 years.
- John Henderson.
Dr. L. J. King.
SAN JOSE, July 22.— Rev. Henry Root
Avery, one of the pioneer Presbyterian
ministers of the coast, died here this
morning, aged 73 years. He organized the
first Presbyterian church in Corvallis, Or.,
In 1859. *
"Rev. Henry Root Avery.
PORTLAND. Or., July 22.— B. Gold
smith, 'capitalist and Democratic politi
cian, died to-day of heart failure. Mr.
Goldsmith was a native of Bavaria, com
ing to the United States at the-- age of
15 and to Oregon in 1860. He was Mayor
of Portland In 1870, and for several years
was chairman of the Democratic State
Central Committee.
S. Goldsmith.
SAN JOSE, July 22.— Gustave Kapt. for
many years engaged In the Jewelry busi
ness in this city, was found dead In hia
bed at Redwood Villa, between L09 Ga
tos and Alma, this morning. He was. a
native of Switzerland, and at the time of
his death 85 years of age. About thirty
years ago he came to this city and opened
a jewelry store on North Market street.
His place was a landmark for years.
Some time ago he retired and had not
been actively engaged in business since.
A short time r^o he went to Redwood
Villa for the oimng which ended with his
life. \
Gustav Kapt.
SANTA ROSA, July 22.— Judge Burnett
to-day admitted the -will of the late Fred
A. "Wickersham, the Petaluma banker, to
probate and appointed the widow as ex
ecutrix. The estate is valued at more than
$150,000.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Probate of "Wickersham Will.
The railroad was organized in 1891, the
purpose being to -build a branch line
which would be utilized by the Union Pa
cific as a Puget Sound connection with
Portland. Much grading was done, near
ly $2,000,000 being spent.
TACOMA, July 22.— All the railroad
property of the Portland and Puget
Sound Railroad Company In Pierce Coun
ty has been swept away by the execution
of a judgment obtained by the Seattle and
Montana Railroad Company on May 21,
1901, in the Superior Court, for $1,667,200.
The property embraces real estate In Ta
coma. Fern Hill and Lake View, and
right-of-way privileges and grading from
Tacoma to the- Columbia River.
Foreclosure on a Railroad.
From the Society of California Pioneers,
of which the elder Grayson Is a prominent
member, ther© attended Marshal "W. L.
Duncan. R. T. Avery, "William A. Wil
liams, Thomas Call, J. Q. Adams, "W. A.
White and Felix Sanchez.
Superior Judge Henry A. Melvln, J3r. C. L.
Tlsdale. R. 11. Clement, Joseph GhlrardeUU
J. A. ilacdrnald, AV. Pelton, Robert Simpson.
Paul F. Hlnckman. Edward 11. Benjamin and
Fletcher Simras.
The Interment was In Mountain View
Cemetery, where the burial service ac
cording to the ritual of the Elks Lodge
was recited. The pall-bearers were Henry
T. Creswell, T>. T. Murphy, Joseph Gar
ber, "Walter L». Dean, Alexander Hamil
ton, Eugene Lent, Captain Seymour and
Alfred Bouvier.
San Francisco Lodge No. 3 of Elks sent
the following delegation to the funeral:
H. Jacobsen, J. Fougret. P. • Sell?. P. Baci
galupl. Ik C. Quen, F. W. Thompson, "William
Cronan, Herman Kohn, J. R. llowell, P. V.
Lonir. J. G. Fitzgerald, J. A. Ulrich, C. S.
Wheeler, R. P. Churchill, H. Kohlmoos, A. O.
FIsk and Arthur Flsk.
Oakland Lodge No. 3 was represented
by the following-named members:
The funeral service of the. Catholic
church was recited in Latin by the offi
ciating clergyman. Then "Nearer, My
God, to Thee," was sung by the quar
tet. Father Ryan concluded with the
reading in English of the closing rites,
and the third number, "Good Night," by
the quartet, ended the services at the
residence.
The services were opened with the ren
dition of the hymn, "Lead, Kindly Light,"
sung by the following Quartet from Oak
land Lodge No. 171 of Elks: A. G. Cliff,
C. J. Hart, C. L.. Learn and F. H. Ayer.
Many friends of the young- mining man,
whoso untimely death Saturday In San
Francisco caused much grief, attended
the services. The remains rested! in a
black cloth-covered casket, surrounded
by many beautiful flowers. In memoriam,
from relatives and friends.
The funeral of. the late Robert R. Gray
son, son of Mr. and Mrs. George "W. Gray
son of this city, was held this afternoon
from the Grayson residence. Ninth and
Madison streets. The services were sim
ple, being the burial rites of the Roman
Catholic church. The Rev. M. P. Ryan,
pastor of St. Brigld'a Church of San
Francisco, conducted the exercises.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 22.
Mining Man Attend
Funeral.
Many Friends of Deceased
Last Tribute Is Paid to
Memory of Robert
Grayson.
SIMPLE RITES
MARK SERVICES
Two Insolvency Fetitions.
Petitions In insolvency were filed In the
United States District Court yesterday as
follows: Mrs. Mattie A. Pealer, milliner,
Sacramento, liabilities $la,504 66, assets
$13,035; George D, Lfppincott, farmer.
Terminus. San Joaquln County, liabilities
$477 50, assets S17J0.
SACRAMENTO, July 22.— Mayor Clark,
Chief of Police Sullivan and President
Ingr of the Board of Trustees this evening
granted the Trotting Horse Breeders' As
sociation and the State Agricultural
Society a license to sell pools at their
respective meetings in August and Sep
tember at Agricultural Park.
Fools Will Be Sold on Races.
SAGINAW. Mich., July 23, 2 a, m.— The
steamship City of New Baltimore, Cap
tain Maiier, which runs 'between Saginaw
and Tawas, is reported sinking In the
channel of the river near Carrollton, sup
posed to have struck a snag. The tug A.
C. McLean has gone down to take off the
passengers and crew. ¦ • . .
Steamer Reported Sinking.
SANTA CRUZ. July 22.— The Baptist
Assembly at Twin Lakes opened to-day
with a good attendance. " This morning
the boys' and girls' class was led by D. P.
Ward, Sunday school missionary. The
devotional service was in charge of Rev.
.M. Slaughter. There was a lecture on
"The University of Chicago," by Rev. F.
E. Morgan of Gonzales.Rev. A. W. Rider
this evening lectured on "A Message
From Garcia."
At the Twin Lakes. Assembly.
Captain Parsons of the steamship Cu
racao, writJns to the Merchants' Ex
change, says the schooner Louis was at
Santa Rosalia on the 16th and was to sail
for San Francisco to-morrow. There were
in port the British ships Barflllan. 129
days; Ballachulish, 141 days, and Dutch
ship Nederland, 177 days from Hamburg;
British ship Thornilebank, 203 days from
South Africa, and the German ship Lis
beth, 134 days from Newcastle. At Guay
mas the schooner Dauntless was In port.
At La Paz the United States steamship
Alexander, S2 days from Baltimore via
San Lucia, Montevideo and Valparaiso,
was in port with a cargo of coal for the
United States coaling station.
Mexican Shipping Notes.
Thought Skull Was Fractured.
. T\ . W. Christopher, an oil expert, is in
a dying condition at the Central Emer
gency Hospital. On Saturday night he
went into Fitzoatrick/s saloon, 655 Sac
ramento street. He drank heavily and
was removed to thp lodging-house at 62S^
Sacramento etrwt by Elmer Frost, the
barkeeper. To-day he was found to be
suffering gTeat pain and his condition in
dicated a fracture of the skull. He was
removed to the hospital, where Dr. Bun
nell trephined the skull and found that
the patient was suffering from a clot of
blood on the brain. The police investi
gated the matter, but could find nothing
against any one.. Christopher has a
brother who \r well connected In the East.
He is not exjx?ete<J to recover. Excessive
drinking is supposed ,to have been the
cause of his trouble. "•
The Oregon Railroad and Navigation
Company is not going- to Increase its rates
to Portland although the Southern Pacific
has made an advance of $7 40. By steamer
to Portland and Astoria the cabin pas-
Pige. including- berth and meals, is $15,
and by ste«»rap:e, $10.
The ship Occidental, now out ninety
eig-ht days from this port for the can
neries, was spoken June 16 in Bering Sea.
The entire cannery fleet made a long run,
owing to the ice in Bering Sea.
A report from the -whaling- fleet states
that prior to July 4 the Belvedere had
taken nine whales and the Karluk and
Foarlesp one each.
The United States training ehip Alert
was tried under sail at the navy yard and
fonnd to be cranky. Consequently the
cruise to the South Seas and Japan hajs
been abandoned and the vessel will go to
Puget Sound ports Instead. Sail will not
be spread on the ship, the entire journey
being made under steam-
Water Front Notes.
EXCITING GAME AT DETROIT.
Wild Throw Causes 3>efeat of Boston
in Twelfth Inning.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE.
"PHILADELPHIA. July 12.— Philadelphia de
feated Boston to-day In a stubbornly contested
same. The pitching was excellent, Orth hav
lnB a shade the better of <t. The home team
won In the seventh Inning. Attendance, 4721.
"" " C ° re: R. H. E.
Boston 2 7 1
Philadelphia 3 7 2
Batteries— Willis and Klttridge; Orth and Mc-
Farland. Umpire — Emslie.
ST. LOUIS, July 22.— Chicago knocked Powell
out of the box in the sixth and Eudhoff, who
relieved him, held the visitors down, while
Hughes was driven to the bench with the score
tied in the seventh. Attendance, 1200. The
R. H. E.
St. Louis « » 2
Chicago 6 10 1
Batteries^ — Powell. Sudhoff and Ryan; Hughes,
Waddell, Kling and Kahoe. Umpire— Nash.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT. July 22.— Detroit won an exciting
twelve-Inning game from Boston to-day
through a wild throw by Schreck. Attendance,
2670. The score: . r £
Detroit • «' 12 «
Boston 5 13 4
Batteries— Miller and Buelow; Toung and
Schreck.
CHICAGO, July 22.— Dolan scored the win
ning run in the twelfth inning on Burke' s
error followed by Fultz's two-bagger. At
tendance. 1800. The score:
XI. iri. £j.
Chicago \ I \
Philadelphia 2 7 2
Batteries— Patterson and Sullivan; Plank and
Smith.
CLEVELAND, O., July 22.— Cleveland out
played Washington this afternoon two to one.
Hart pitched a fine game for the home team,
while Lee, who was put in the lwi for the
Senators, was replaced by Gear in the last part
of the fourth Inning. Attendance 1000. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland « 11 J
Washington < « 8.2
Batteries— Hart and Teaser; Lee, Gear and
Clark.
MILWAUKEE, Wls., July 22.— A wild throw
by Dunn in the sixth Inning gave Milwaukee
two runs and the game. Howell and Sparks
both pitched good ball. Attendance 850. Score:
R. , H. E.
Milwaukee 5 6 2
Baltimore 3 6 2
Batteries— Sparks . and Maloney; Howell and
Bresnehan.
Moonshiners Not Found.
MONTEREY, Tcnn., July 22.— The posse
from Nashville, to reinforce the revenue
raiders engaged in Saturday's battle,
reached here to-day under the command
of Revenue Agent Chapman and United
States Marshal Overal. They found the
region quiet and information concerning
moonshiners hard to obtain. Nothing
definite could be learned of the moun
taineers supposed to have been wounded
or of their recent movements. Thomas
Price, the wounded deputy marshal, is
still alive, but can live but a short time.
ern Pacific Company left Sunday evening
for New York to have another consulta
tion with Harriman. It is supposed that
the object of his trip is to make final ar
rangements in reference to the improve
ments that are to be commenced on the
Central Pacific line.
During- President Hays' absence H. E.
FItzhugh will be In charpre of the yellow
building. How long Hays will remain
away is not known, but It is supposed he
will not return for several weeks.
HAYS GOES EAST TO
CONFER WITH HAEBIMAN
During His Absence H- E. Fitzhugh
Will b« in Charge.
President Charles M. Hays of the South-
to the robbery of $30,000 in gold from the
cashier's working- vault of the Mint.
The report of the Federal Investigators
was sent from this city to the Secretary
of the Treasury on Monday of last week.
Yesterday there was an air of expectancy
among the employes of the Mint, but at
4 p m.. when The building' closed, no word
had been received from Washington.
Chief Clerk Walter Dimmick was at his
desk yesterday as of yore and he is as
silent as the rest of the employes as to
any recent discoveries in Uncle Sam's
money making- emporium. Dimmick is
slated for dismissal, but Superintendent
Leach will keep him on the payroll until
word is received from Washington in re
plv to the report on the theft of the gold
sacks. The impression in the Mint yes
terday was that the Instructions from
Washington would contain an order for
the arrest of the man suspected of the
robbery.
MINT OFFICIALS AWAIT
SECBETAEY GAGE'S ORDERS
Clerk Dimmick Betained Pending
Res-alt of Investigation of Hecent
Gold Bobbery.
Instructions from Washington are dally
expected as to definite action in regard
To the Honorable Judge Angrellotti— Mr I^ot
ing Son: I will say when I saw The Mornins
Call of the lith 1 was somewhat surprised, as
1 did not know a reporter was in the ehrub
berj' taking notes of our learned discussion.
I think, as you do, that the article should be
corrected, but I believe we ebould use prud
ence to th- best of our ability in securing the
correction. There is a passage in the Bible
that scyy. •'Th'-se is nothing hid but what will
came to light." I Jid not want to write this
to you to-day, but as I go to Oakland ; to
morrow, and as to-morrow i« not my day* to
call on you. I misrht have to vt-alt until ithe
34, 4th or 5ih or 7th of next month. I felt it
my duly to write to you, a« I am doing all I
can for the law. When I read that article
about your bull dog I had to laugh. I like to
see all Judges wear raustaches.tj trusting you
will be ab!e to dispense justice. God willing,
RANDOLPH WILLIAMSON.
I\ S.— I sometimes like to address my letter
to Jlr. and Mrs. Po-and-So. I do not like to
call all Judjres Your Honor.
When the Judge read this the officers
•vrere promptly put on the trail of the
crank and his capture followed.
When Judge Angellottl went to the
posteffice , for his mail he received a
strange, rambling letter. In many places
the writing could not be deciphered- In
substance it said:
SAIC RAFAEL. July 22.— San Rafael's
mysterious crank, the man who inter
viewed Superior Judge F. M. Angellotti
on the porch of his home In this city some
nigrhis agt>. was captured to-night by
Sheriff Taylor and Constable George Ag
new. After being closely questioned by
the officers, he promised to leave this city
to-morrow morning. He gives the name
of Randolph Williamson of Oakland, and
is stopping at a local hotel. The discov
ery was made throuffh an article pub
lished in The Call, detailing his interview
with Judge Angellotti.
Special Dispatch to The CftlL
Proves to B© an Oakland Man
and Will Be Allowed
to Depart.
CRANK PROMISES
TO LEAVE TOWN
Marin County Officers
Capture San Rafael
Disturber,
BERKELEY, July 22.— Mrs. Alice Holt
Macdonaid, one of the early residents of
this city, died this afternoon at 2 o'clock,
after a three days' attack of heart trou
ble, .at her home,; 2105 Vine street." . She
leaves two daughters, Laura and Evelyn,
and two sons, . Herschel H. ' and George.
Her husband Is in Alaska on a business
trip. The. funeral arrangements have not
been; made.
Death of Pioneer Woman.
Barbers Present a Badge.
Past President Bliely of the Journey
men Barbers' Union No. 148 was present
ed with a diamond studded gold* badge
last night as -a mark oJ esteem from hla
fellow members. .... President Wray made
the presentatipn speech. , •
A proposition to donate $50 for the /bene
fit of. the. striking ' machinists was. favor
ably acted upon. - '-•¦¦ -,-..' , .. ;., „-;¦
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS. ¦•!:.-;
COOS BAY— Arrived July 22— Schr Monterey/
hence July 18. 1 ;• • ¦ '."¦".'"¦ ." .". .' ¦: ~*.'£. ¦'
- Sailed July 21— Schr. Webfoot.- for EaniFran
clsco. - ' " ' • ' • ¦' ¦:'¦¦¦'¦ ,'
. BAL.L.ARD— Arrived July 23— Schr Colutabla,
hence July 11.-. ¦ ¦ • ¦ s:..' ~. ¦-,.•-. .
PORT TO WNSEND— Arrived July 22^-Schr
Muriel, . from Petropaulovski. - - ,f ', '
won, Lemuel second, Easy Street third. Time,
l:02H. • . ¦¦ .-•¦- ¦ • • ¦ -¦-'¦¦'¦ '¦: :.?.-¦ -,.- ¦
Fifth ra,ce,' six and a half furlongs,' idling—
Eau Claire won; - Filibuster second, Ida Pen
zance thtrd. Tlme,'-'1:21U' ' • ¦¦••' : •-:-,: ..*.:;'
Sixth race, seven furlongs — Magog won,'' Dick
"Warren : second.^ Maple third. . Time,' 1:29. " '.
v" Machinists > Return to Wqrk.
SEATTLE, July 22.— Twenty-five ma
chinists In the employ of the Pacific
Coast Company, who left their positions
when the local Machinists' .Union ordered
a. strike last May, will return to work to
morrow. An agreement was reached be
tween the. men and President Farrell this
afternoon." - The terms .of the agreement
have been kept secret.
1 Walthour Defeats the Parisian.
NEW YORK, July 22.— Bobby Walthour
of Atlanta, ' Ga., easily defeated Edouard
Tayleure of Paris by more than a mile and
three-quarters- in a, •fifteen-mile motor
paced race in' Madison Square Garden to
night. The time, 26:37 2-5, is .55 seconds
behind the Indoor record, made by Stin
son a week ago on the same track.
¦ :-.,'.'¦".¦ -...".- ¦ ?
Money for Lord Bobs.
July 23.— "It is believed,"
says the Times, "that a grant will' ; be
made to ;Lord Roberts in recognition : bt
his services in South Africa : and to en
able him to suitably maintain his peer
age. To provide this an additional esti
mate will be .• submitted * to ' Parliament
forthwith.. The grant will be £100,000."
Thousands of Homeseekers Register.
,EL RENO, Q. T., July 22.— All previous
records .were .broken here to-day * when
14,556 persons registered. This makes a
total for El Reno of 93,048. The registra
tion for Lawton" to-day was 2503, making
a total of 26,282.
The trains from the . north and east
brought in Immense crowds, the people
hanging on to the steps and 'riding on
top of the coaches;. '".¦..
ment of Justice has received a letter from
Judge Arthur H. Noyes of the United
States District Court at Nome, Alaska,
asking leave of absence to visit the
States. The desired permission was grant
ed and Judge Noyes will be allowed to
leave his post immediately upon receiving
the department's letter, which will prob
ably be in about a month.
Early in the spring the Attorney Gen
eral forwarded to Judge Noyea a copy of
the charges that had been filed In the
Department of Justice against him, al
leging malfeasance in office in connection
with the gold mining receiverships at
Nome. At that time he was . directed to
make his reply to the department by mail.
A few weeks ago, however, the United
States Circuit Court for the Ninth Circuit
in California summoned Judge. Noyes i to
appear before it to answer to a charge'of
contempt in connection with the notorious
McKenzie receivership. As Judge Noyes
will have to appear in San Francisco in
October, it is presumed at the department
that he will avail himself of the oppor
tunity while in the United States of an
swering the charges against him in per
son to the Attorney General.
In Jail for Bigamy.
SAN JOSE, July 22.— Fred Noell Pinard,
a young man about 25 years of age, found
his way into the city prison to-night with
a charge of '. bigamy against him. In 1898
Pinard married Julia E. Alford, a pretty
Spanish girl. They lived together but a
short time. About ten days ago Pinard
procured a license to marry Mary Her
man. He intended to marry Stella Her
man, aged 17, but by a laughable mistake
got his prospective mother-in-law's name
instead of the daughter's. His first wife
heard of the issuing of the license, but
kept, quiet until the marriage was per
formed and the certificate recorded. Then
she went before City Justice Cobb and
charged Pinard with bigamy. ¦ •
•
Captain of the Mmeola Weds.
NANAIMO, B. C, July 22.— Captain
Alexander Kirkwood of the steamer Miri
eola, in the Nanaimo-California service
and Mrs. Bessie Ritchie were married
this evening at the home of the bride's
parents. Chief Officer Mclntosh of the
Mineola was best man and Rev. Dr. Mac-
Ttae of the Presbyterian church perform
ed the ceremony. Captain and /Mrs. Kirk
wood sailed for Port Los Angeles on the
Mineola to-night. •• • .
«, -. • ¦
Negro Murderer Lynched.
ELKINS, ¦ W. Va., July 22.— William
Brooks, a negro, was lynched to-night,
being hanged from the ' limb of a tree in
the city park. Brooks, shot, and fatally
WGunded Chief of Police Lilly,- who
sought to arrest him for creating a dis
turbance. .'•"' ¦
District Judge at. Nome.. Will Make
Personal Explanation to At- '
torney General. - ¦>";¦
WASHINGTON, July 22.— The Depart-
NO YES IS COMING -
TO ANSWER CHARGE
Fourth race. International Handicap stake,
one mile— 'Espionage won. Charlie O'Brien-sec
ond, Uledl third. Time, 1:40%.
• Fifth race, six furlongs— A thera won,' Murat
second. Rotterdam third; Time, 1:16. , '*. ¦: •
Sixth race, ! six furlongs, selling-— Velma
Clarke won, B. G. Fox second, Nina B L
third. Time, 1:15. •- ' ,
BUFFALO, July. 22.— Fort. Erie results: ., \ _\
First race, six furlongs— St. -David won,
Francis Reis second, Hurry third. - Time 1:15%
Second raoe, four and a half furlongs—Lu
crusta won. Artificial second, Peronelle third
Time. -:56%. : • • - . . ¦:- ¦ ¦ •-..- ..
Third race, mile and a sixteenth— Belle Court
won, Radford second. Flag of Truce . third.
Time, 1:48%. . •• -•¦ * •. ••- -...• . : - ,
Fourth race, five furlongs— Edwin :- Kenton
Second race, five furlongs— Nellie Waddell
won, Henry Seitt i second, Huntressa third
Time. 1:01%. . •
Third race, mile and a ¦• sixteenth—Bassver
nine won; Ecome second. Enghurst third. Time
1:49. ' ....-¦• • . : •
First race, six furlongs— The Rush won.' Joe
Martin second, John McElroy third. - Time,
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth,- handicap
Robert Waddell won, Malay • second; -Martimas
third. Time, 1:48. ,
'Sixth race, mile and a quarter— Laureate
won, Tammany Chief second, . Frangible third
Time, 2:08%. , ¦ ;
DETROIT. July 22.— Windsor (Ont.) sum
mary: . ¦-
First race, six furlongs — Miss Bennett won,
Admonition second, Possart third. •Time, 1:14%.
Second race, five furlongs— Red Tip won, I.
Samuelson second. Bridge third. Time, 1:02V..
Third race, steeplechase, short course— May
Boy won. Gray John second. Captain Canover
third. Time, 3:26%. .
Fourth race. Prairie stakes, one . mile—Cam
brian won, Louisville second, W._J. Deboe
third.. Time. 1:40%. • ,
CHICAGO, July 22.— Hawthorne summary:
CLEVELAND, O., July 22.— Ideal racing
weather, a large crowd and a track as
smooth as glass characterized the open
ing day of the Grand Circuit meeting at
the Cleveland Driving Park. The attend
ance was 5000. Summary: . .
Trotting. 2:10 class, purse $1500— Sister Alice
won two straight heats in 2:12 and 2:13. King
Chimes. Phrase, Venus II, Annie Burns, Phoebe
Childers and Stamboulet also started. -
Pacing. 2:13 class, purse $1500— Martha Mar
shall won in three straight heat3. Time, 2:09U,
2:09%, 2:13. Nonomie, Twinkle, Frank Farrot,
The Minister. Furoso, Gus Webel, Don Rellly,
Queen R and You Bet also started.
Trotting-, 2:16 class, purse J250O— Metellas Won
In three straight heats. Time, 2:13%, 2:14^,
2:11. An?te Wilkes, Lady Thisbe, Re-elected,
Clara Kimball and A. L. K. also started.
Pacing, 2:20 class, purse $1200— Audubon Boy
won In two straight heats. Time, 2:10, 2:09%.
Shadow Chimes, John P, Thornway, Lady Per
kins, Xava Pop, Mississippi King, Pure Gold
Sufrett. Teddy F, King Wills, Fred Pabstl
Kay tie Wilton, C. W. B. and St. Patrick's
Belle also started.
NEW YORK, July 22.— Brighton Beach re
sults:
First race, five furlongs— Lady Radnor won,
Oclawaha second. Neither One third. Time.
1:00 4-5.
Second race, steeplechase, about two miles—
Mystic Shrlner won, Eophone second, Magic
Light third. Time, 4:35.
Third race, five furlongs— Zirl won, Prophetic
second. Montana Pioneer third. Time, 1:01 3-5.
Fourth race. Glen Cove, .six furlongs — The
Musketeer won, Isia second, Rappanecker third
Time, 1:12 3-5. - . ...
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, selling—
Latson won, Lady Chorister second, Fatalist
third. Time, 1:52 4-5.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Brigadier won, May
W second, Wax Taper third. Time, 1:12 4-5.
ST. LOUIS, July 22.— Delmar Park summary:
First race, one mile, selling— Sweet Dream
won. Seething second, Kate Freeman third
Time, 1:43%. -
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Wild Katie
won, Benham second, Weideman third. Time.
1:16.
Third race, six furlongs, purse — Runnels won.
Marque second, Ethylene third. Time, 1:15.1-5.
Fourth . race, one mile, purse— Lunar won
Guide Rock second, Tlckful third. Time, 1:42%.
Fifth race, mile and twenty yards, selling-
Elsie Barnes won, Zazel second, Chickamagua
third. Time, 1:45%.
.Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, purse —
Brulare won. General McGruder second, Peace
ful third. Time, 1:21%.
BUTTE, Mont., July 22.— Results:
First race, five furlongs— Reap won, Arline B
second. Clear Sky third, j Time, 1:02%. ¦
Second race, mile and twenty yards— Monda
won, •, Free Pass second, Ping third. Time
1:43%.' ..... ... ¦ ¦ .- •
Third race, five furlonsrs — Aunt Mary ¦ won,
Kitty Kelly second, Amasa third. Time, l:01&.
Fourth race, one mile— Spike won, Montallaae
second, William F third. Time, 1:42%.
Fifth race, six furlongs— La Gorta won, Joe K
second, Girly Ducat third. Time, 1:16%.^
Sixth race, three and a half furlongs — Abba
Li won. Honest John second. Big Dutch third.
Time. :4l.
Circuit Meeting at Cleveland.
RESUI/TS ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Crowd Attends Opening of Grand
Edwards told the police that his wife
had left the house about 4 o'clock Sat
urday afternoon. He arrived home during
the evening and found her gone, the only
cause, so far as he could discover, being
the difficulties that confronted them. The
husband as the tears welled from his
eyes said: ' -
"That note convinces me that my wife
has committed suicide. She said she
would return, but I haven't seen a trace
of her anywhere, and I feel that she has
thrown herself into the bay." .
\ Edwards claimed he was unable to ob
tain employment at his trade of house
painting, because of non-membership in
the Painters' Union, being barred be
cause he is a member of the State militia.
The missing wife is 35 years of age, of
slender figure, light hair and blue eyes.
She wore a -dark skirt, light waist and
straw hat and carried away with her a
yellow hand satchel. ¦_ , _
During her- melancholy moods Mrs. Ed
wards, her husband said, had threatened
to commit suicide. '
"Gone to the city.* Will be back-to pack
my things. Am tired of life. LETTIE."
The foregoing, written by Mrs. Lettie
Edwards on the back of an envelope, was
found by her husband, C. L. Edwards. In
their room at 542 Seventeenth street, Sat
urday evening. Mrs. Edwards left her
home a few hours before. Her anxious
spouse, after hunting without avail for his
missing wife, reported her disappearance
to the police to-day. He believes Mrs.
Edwards has committed suicide because
of despondency due to his inability to get
employment and the .urgent demands of
their landlady that they pay room rent,
now. overdue.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 22.
Lottie Edwards Leaves
Alarming Epistle and
Disappears.
TIRED OF LIFE,
SAYS HER NOTE
SECRETARY WHITE of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children says he has recently re
ceived news which may lead to the
recovery of Roy Taylor and Joseph
Clifford, two little boys who w«;re kid
naped in San- Francisco last spring. Th»
children had been placed in the care of
the Ladies' Protective and Relief Associ
ation by relatives and mysteriously dis
appeared while on their way home from
school on April 15 of the present year. Jt
was subsequently asserted by the author
ities that the boys had been spirited away
by Mrs. Joseph Silva, an habitue of the
music halls on the Barbary Coast.
Mrs. Taylor of San Bruno and Mrs. Clif
ford of Oakland, the mothers of the boys,
immediately took up the search and no
stone was left unturned which might lead
to their recovery. Rewards were offered,
the authorities throughout the State were
*
notified and the two women themselves
hunted through all the vile dens of the
city in which the Silva woman, might be
found, but all to no avail.
The bereaved mothers are heart-broken
and exhausted with their fruitless search.
Mrs. Silva visited Mrs. Clifford shortly
after the disappearance of the boys and
threatened that if all efforts looking to
ward the recovery of the children were
not immediately discontinued, death would
be the penalty. Before the police could
be notified she was gone.
Secretary White and Officer McMurray
of the Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children have been persistent in.
their efforts to find the lost ones. They
have at last got an inkling as to the
whereabouts of the Clifford boy and are
confident that Koy Taylor will Ue found
It is thought that Mrs. Silva has left the
State to avoid punishment for the deed.
She is the mother of Joseph Clifford, but
gave him away several years ago. She had
never shown any affection for the child
and the only motive which any one has
ever been able to suggest for the crime is
that she expected in some way to turn
the children into a source of revenue.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, July 22. j
Ex-Judge Dudley Dubose arrived a-t the
Alameda County Jail this morning An
charge of Deputy United States Marshal
Gamble to begin serving his six months'
sentence for contempt of court, of which
he v.-as adjudged guilty last May, by the
United States Circuit Court in connection
with the Cape Nome receivership case
The deputy Marshal left Nome with his
prisoner July 7 and arrived in Oakland at
9 o'clock .this morning.
Dubose was cited for. contempt on ac
count of a speech in the military bar
racks at Nome last September during the
excitement over the wholesale seizure of
mines by parties" attempting to oust the
original claimants. The contestants had
Alexander McKenzie appointed receiver
pending the trial of - their claims before
the District Court. -
The original claimants secured a writ of
supersedeas from the Circuit Court : di
recting McKenzie to deliver the gold ta
ken ffom the disputed claims to the de
fendants. Dubose' s speech contained the
statement that his advice to his client, O..
J Comtois, one of the plaintiffs, as; con
testants, was, and would continue to be,
to disregard the writ and refuse to de
"Fhe^de^f the Circuit Courton which
Dubose is committed concedes that in so
far as the attorney was merely; advising
his" client of his rights on the^ ground
that the Circuit Court's writ would not lie
for lack of jurisdiction, he was justified in
expressing his opinion; but that Dubose
apEe?red ng tc- have done more than this,
abetting Comtois in his resistance of the
order of the court, and thereby becoming
technically a co-conspirator to evade the
a The imprisoned attorney takes his "pun
ishment calmly, saying that there was a
differencte of opinion between himself and
the court as to whether he was in • con
tempt but that the court's decision was
final and he should serve his sentence
with what grace he could master. ' . m J;
"I'm going back in six months, he
said "I have no idea of applying for a
pardon or anything of the kind. ¦ ;
"The trouble arose- over something
which the court found I said with regard
to an order 'from the.cour£ last Septem
ber advising a client of mine that the
court had no jurisdiction and ' the order
was void. • :
"The speech in question was made in
the barracks at Nome. A lot of the min
ers were making trouble. A mob was out
side the bank threatening to break into
the treasure vaults and -¦ take the money
to nay their back wages, which so far
had" been held up by the receivers. One
man tried to shoot McKenzie on the
street. Some of us? were at the barracKS
talking over the situation. - - :
"I give the story now as the court has
decided it occurred, I rose and stated, my
belief that the Circuit Court's order was
void for lac-c of jurisdiction and said that
the men who wanted 7 Major Van Arsdale,
the commander of the post before whom
the Informal conference was held, to break
into the bank and pet their money for
them were in the wrong. As a matter of
fact, I now know that the question of
iurlsdiction has been ' settled by the
United States Supreme Court in favor of
the position taken by the Circuit Court."
The committing order, states it as, a mi
tigating-.fact that whpn the writ of super.
sedeas was -served.- in October:'1900,_>E>U
bose admitted that he had been mistaken
and advised his client. to obey the order.
At the time of the trouble Dubose was
not McKenzip's attorney. ¦
Found Guilty of Advising
Client to Disobey Orders
of Court. .
Must Remain Six Months
in County Jail for
Contempt. : ~
DUBOSE BEGINS
SERVING TIME
¦ • . ¦ ¦ i ~ ¦ . .-- i ¦ ¦ ¦ . > i i .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLr TUESDAY, JULY 23, 1901.
Charitable "Society Gets 1 Clew as to Whereabouts
of Joseph Clifford and Roy Taylor, Two Little
Boys Who Mysteriously Disappeared Last April
KIDNAPED CHILDREN SOON MAY
BE RECOVERED BY AUTHORITIES
Only Recent Picture of the Prpminent Sportsman-
Millionaire Who Was Secretary of the Navy
Under Cleveland During His First Administration
W. C. WHITNEY, THE AMERICAN,
WHO WON THE BRITISH DERBY
ONE OF THE YOUNG BOYS WHO
WAS KIDNAPED BY A WO- x
MAN. .
9
All sorts of pecp'e pse Pears' soap, all sorts
Of otares sell it, especially iniggists.
Economical soap is one
that a touch o£ cleanses. ?<
Pears 5 shaving soap is j
the best in all the world.
«ven when administered in very small doses, and /*i « H\S O^W^^^^^ $$L
few constitutions can stand it for any length of time. Jft
Potash produces inflammation of tlie stomach f Sh^^^^iPflt^vbxSu*
and bowels, aud a dangerous form of dyspepsia and > & VXfils
often chronic diarrhcea follow its use. / f^
' Now, the doctors will tell you if you have r^^ssg/
Contagious Blood Poison you must take these minerals for two years or longer;
first, a course of Mercury, and when your teeth get so sensitive and sore that you
can't eat,' and the gums have a spongy; unnatural appearance, you are told to stop
nud a change to Potash is made. When the stomach rebels you are put on Mercury
again, and so on ad infinituni, or until the system becomes so thoroughly saturated
with these poisonous drugs that the most disgusting sores break out on the body,
the bones become diseased, and the muscles and joints are racked with the most
torturing pains. Mercury and Potash drive the eruptions and blotches from the
Bkin, but the virus remains in the blood and the reappearance of the old symptoms
and the occasional sore mouth show that the poison is still active, and you can
never hope to completely eradicate it by this method of treatment. ' - -
• - . S. S. S. is the only
. When I was about twenty-one years of age, or antidote for this de-
eigrhteen years ago, I contracted Blood Poison in a structive virus andtn
bad form, and am (satisfied that tha raj>id progress fSmflkil^™^t EZ
the disease was making would Boon hav© mado me a inlalliDle remedy lor
life-lone invalid or ended my life. As my system this peculiar poison. It
came under the influence of S. S. S., the sores, destroysand eradicates
splotches and pimples gradually disappeared and soon every particle of the
no evidence of tha disease was left. I am now thirty- poison and makes the
nine years old, and have seen no sijrns of it during .foood '„<, healthv and
the past eighteen years. S. S. S. does all you claim IZ^r a^t3^rrJ a .^?'
for it. WM. EMERSON; Pevely, Mo. , P^ M before pedis-
• : : • : ease was contracted.
S. S. S. is the only purely .vegetable blood purifier known, and we offer $1,000
for proof that it contains any mineral ingredient whatever. The general healtJ.
improves as. the Specific purges the system of impurities," and as new, rich blood
begins to flow in the veins the unsightly sore3 and other evidences of blood poison
disappear ; strength returns and you are forever rid of this loathsome disease.
Our Home Treatment Book on Contagious Blood Poison tells you all about the
symptoms, different stages j etc., of this disease. '. We will mail you a copy free. .
If you need advice or special directions, write our physicians ; it will cost yon
nothing and may hasten yourcure. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC €0, ATLANTA, 6A.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 23, 1901
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
cntll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. '
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. '
t29 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
1841 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
r261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
1C6 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
lOifi Valencia street; open until » p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tu<-k- streets; open until S p. m.
;?00 Fm-iore street: open until » p. m.
MEETING yOTICES. ;
.;<)L,DEN GATE Commandery No. 18, _j_t_
JC. T.. Golden Gate building, 625 Sutter TSffp
st. Officers and members are hereby R3i
notified to assemble in full uniform «V
at the Asylum TO-DAY at 12:30 o'clock w
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our late frater. Sir CHARLES EBEN
COOPER. H. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLJCH. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., ¦
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-_#V.
ING. July £3. at 7:30 o'clock. R. A. Jt2\
degree. By order of the H. P. '^^^
FRANKLIN H DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. »
M. The officers and members of. the JL
ab*\-e named lodge are hereby notified W zf
to attend the funeral of our late f%r*
brother. Levl Richard Ellert, In King Solo-
mon's Hall, Masonic Temple. THIS DAY
CTuesday). July 23. 190L at 2 o'clock p. m.
Master Masons and friends of the deceased
are invited. By order of the master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN~GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and m
A. M. Called meeting THIS (TUES-^Jk
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. D. 1__K
3. By order of W. M. rtr*
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. g,
M. Second degree THIS (TUESDAY) IL
EVENING at 7-V) o'clock. Master Ma- Tljt
sons cordially Invited. ' .
A. S. HUBBARD. Seo'y.
PACIFIC Lodge No. IBS. I. O. O. F. -^jnflrrj
Members will meet at the First <§225SXS
Presbyterian Church parlors (cor. r^VMxS?
fiacramento and Van Ness ave.), ; '"*
TUESDAY. July 23. at 1 o'clock, to attend
the funeral of Brother C. E. COOPER, P. G.
FRANK D. MACBETH. N. G.
CHAS. J. THELEN. Sec'y.
PARKER Lodge No. 124, I. O. O.
F.— Member* will meet in their £j_?2sS!££
hall on TUESDAY. July 23, at 1
o'clock, to attend the funeral of
Brother J. B. McGILVARY.
j W. T. LYON. N. G.
A. O. H.. Div. No. 2— Officers and mem- CL^*,
bers of this division are hereby notl \fSv\W
fled to attend the funeral of our late Jf_V_r
brother. PATRICK O'BRIEN. TO CC Wj?
MORROW (TUESDAY). 9:30 a. m.. «T«*
at his late residence. 4 Norton place, between
Flloert and Greenwich sts. By order of
JOHN KENNY. President
T. L. CLANCY. Rec. Sec.
STANFORD Parlor, N. S. G. W.-Offlcers and
members are requested to assemble THIS
(TUESDAY) AFTERNOON, at 1:45. in St
John's Hall. Masonlo Temple, Montgomery
and Post sts., to attend the funeral of their
late brother, L. R. ELLERT. By order of
the parlor, filmed
BRUCE CORNWALL, Pres.
FRED H. JUNG. Sec.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association— Thi*
rbove association ¦will hold its regular annual
j.lcr.ic on SUNDAY, August 4, 1901, at Shell
Mtmnc'. Park. Berkeley. Very valuable sate
prizes are to be given, including a Domestic i
ef-wing machine.
REV. W. E. COPELAND. president Co-opera-
tlve Brotherhood, from Burley, Washington,
will deliver addresses on "Co-operation" at
lower Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin St., Tuesday
and Friday evenings. July £3 and .26; public
Invited.
ANNUAL meeting— The Rlsdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Rlsdon Iron and Locomo^
tive Works for the election of trustees for the
ensuing year and the transaction or such
other buslneers as may be brought before the
meeting will be held at the office of the com-
pany, southeast corner of Beale and Howard
M.S., San ' Francisco, on MONDAY, the 6th
day of August, 1901. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting.— Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Spreckels Sugar Co.
will be held at the office of the company, 327
Market st. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the
r»th day of July, at the hour of 11 a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. The transfer books will
close on Friday. July 26. 1901. at 3. p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
AGENTS WASTED.
PERMANENT position . awaits a good sales-
man; must earn more than $100 per month;
an ex-school teacher, insurance, typewriter
or book salesman preferred. Pacific News-
paper Union. 927 Market st. S. F. ;*-
LADIES and gents for quick selling artlcln;
city and country. Agents' Supply. 1219 Va-
lenda st.
ADOPTION.
INFANTS adopted into good homes. MRS.
DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 1136 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free;dlvorces private;bankruptcy; col-
lections ;attachments; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships :dwds; wills drawn;f*>es low-open
eve's. THURSTON. 1008',6 Mkt. r. 4. op. 6th.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private'
no fee without success **oollections. G. W.
atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE fr»»e,- no charge unless successful. J.
B. EVANS. 14 McAllister st. rooms 28-29.
(ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market et. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
Vet st: consultation free; no fees In advance.
DOAItDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
2 OR S children to board, week or month; best
care;snnny yard :nr.echool ;reasonable.l607 Cal.
CHILD to board; age from 3 to 8: can give
reference. Box 2277. Call office. Oakland.
BOOKS — XEW AXD OLD.
..
BOOKS of every kind bought Tel. Red 2951.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
BUSINESS OIIA.NCES.
A— 1600; SALOON, established many years In
choicest business part of this city; low rent-
Investigate at once and you will find a flrst-
cUss paying business. Call R. G. WILKE
26^ Kearny st
A— $1000; GENERAL merchandise etore, with
coal ana hay yard, across the bay; estab-
lished many years and doing a splendid busl-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A-$S00: SALOON, with * furnished rooms. 4th
and Market st*.; net rent J22; rare chance:
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26',A Kcarny st
A— $2800; STATIONERY, dry coeds TvfiTTankee
notions, with laundry route a;;<l :->"t • «.f all
E. F. dallies, across the hay. —• •; ¦ «»u
paper and laundry routes for |l' l^u-
lars R. Q. WILKE. 26«£ Keari;; . '" ,
A— $1500; HALF Interest saloon < :i K-anvy st,
clearing $300 per month; lease; rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. I6H Kearcy st.
A— $1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block south of Market st: daily receipts from
!90 up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st
A— $1250; CORNER transfer saloon In the very
best location: established 10 years; rent $40-
death In family cause of sale and a great sac-
riflce. See R. G. WILKE. 26# Kearny st
A— J15C0; FIRST-CLASS in prices and flrst-class
paying restaurant close. to Chronicle building; ;
come, investigate and you will find a splen- '
did Investment Call R. G. WILKE, 26^4
Kearny st
CANDY store; 6 rooms; rent $15 $100
Candy store ; j400
Saloon $550
Saloon and grocery store
Restaurant and chophouse .^ $»00
To buy. sell, exchange anything we can
isuit you.
M. J. McBRIDE & CO..
1016 Market st, opposite Fifth.
CANDY Etore; thoroughly established and do-
ing a fine business; references, wholesale
houses owner buys from; the best business
oflc-r for the money in the city.
SCHWEINHARD, 917 Market st.
ICO CIGAR stands. 200 candy stores, S00 grocer-
ies and bars, 400 saloons, COO bakeries, COO
rteres of all kinds; hundreds of businesses to
choose from: call In and see what we can
affcr. WALTER HAYES & CO., S38 Market
.'IX'— CORNER saloon: &od paying business;
•rial clven. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777»4
;'2r'.:et st.
. 5.OON for sale opposite, the ferry; . rare
.•r..in<-e. ill East st, north of Market
WANTED — To rent, shop , corner Third. Mis-
sion or Howard sts. Box S780, Call office. .
NOTE— A corner saloon In a good location for
sale at a bargain.' including building and fix-
tures. 400 Townsend et; no agents.
$200— RESPECTABLE young lady desires trust-
worthy partner in plain cash business; clears
' |200 per month. Address box 37S2, Call office.
_ HELP^ WA^NTED— M^E-^on.
AtTcTr^ ThaNSEN & Tco.'S ..... 104 Geary st.
WANTED TO-DAY ..../t
Railroad -work , Railroad work
......For new railroad work, Bakersfleld
80 four-horse~~teamsters $2 25
20 two-horse teamsters $2
20 trackmen and laborers $1 75, $2
FOR NEVADA
100 teamsters and laborers $3
For Truckea
60 teamsters and laborers.... Free faro
For Uklah ...1
100 teamsters and laborers $3
For Chatsworth Park
100 drillers, muckers and laborers $2. $2 50
For Santa Fe System
20 laborers Section work $173
FREE- FARE FREE FARE
10 lumber pliers, country sawmill, $35; 2ft saw-
mill laborers. $26: planerman. country. $50;
blacksmith for summer resort. $45 ¦ and faro
paid; 6 blacksmiths, country. $2 50 to $3; 2
carriage painters. $40 and $o0; farmers, milk-
ers. choremen^d^hers^^^.^............
Chef" '$100; second, $60; third cook^ $40. for
flrst-class hotels; broiler, hotel, $4d: second
cooks, broilers and fryers, $oO to $60; dish-
washers, potwashers and [ yepetablemen. $30
and $25; 6 porters, $20 and $25; German clerk
for lodging-house. $35 ¦. •• •••
Shirt polisher, hotel laundry, country. $40
| and found; 2 lroners, country, *»>•" -----
C. R. HANSEN & CO 10* G ear y gt -
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment 927 Market st. room 207.
L LESS. Secretary: telephone Jessie 11«6.
WANTED— Carriage blacksmith; married man
preferred, between the ages of 30 and 35; per-
manent work assured, with fair wages. Ad-
dress communications, with references, to
Benlda Agricultural Works. Benlcla. Cal.
WANTED— At Master Bakers* Protective Asso-
ciation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st |
WANTED— Restaurant chef, cooks. ! waiters,
waitresses and dishwashers; register at once;
no fee. 127 Mason st. ...
PHOTOGRAPHIC operator and retoucher.
REMBRANDT Studio, 850 Market st, cor.
Stockton.
WANTED— A young university graduate who
understands stenography. Apply MYSELL-
ROLLJNS CO.. 22 Clay st
WANTED — Two bench handa for carriage
wood shop; married men preferred, between
' the ages Of 30 and 35; permanent work as-
sured, with fair wages. Address communica-
tions, with references, to Benlcla Agricultural
Works. Benlcla, Cal.
WANTED— Night cashier, with reference. Cal-
ifornia Dairy Kitchen. Apply between 1 and
2, 761 Market st. »•
TWO plasterers, non-union: no office fees.
Mechanics' Registration Bureau. 410 Kearny
St.. room 24. ¦-.-..
UNDERPRESSER on pants wanted by S. N. ,
WOOD & CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary >t
BOY wanted to make himself useful: exchange
for home. 1617 Spring St.. N. Berkeley.
WANTED— Good barber for Wednesday, Satur-
day and Sunday. 517 Montgomery ave.
WANTED— Barber at 237V6 Fifth st
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st
WANTED— First-class paper ruler. Apply THE
HICKS- JUDD CO.. 23 First St.
PAPERHANGER^-Flrst-class paperhangers at
463 Geary st
GOOD painter; must do tinting. Corner Taylor
and Pacific sts. • - - ; J
GOOD carpenter wanted. 556-58 Brannan st .
$2 PER day for 2 or' 3 goal solicitors. 69
Columbian building.
A STEADY errand boy wanted. 509 Kearny
st, room 2.
STRONG man. $1 60 day: also strong boy to
drive. $5 week. 1142 G. G. ave.. before 8 a. m.
QUARRYMEN wanted. Apply at 232 Mont-
gomery st
BOY. 18 or 19. to do light work two hours
each day; snap to right party. Box 4477, Call.
EXPERIENCED pressers on spring bottom
pants. HEYNEMANN & CO.. 410^ Mission.
SECOND, cook for boarding-house; $40 per
month; room. Apply Hotel Potrero.
STRONG boy, 16. for candy store. Apply 949
Fillmore st
GOOD union waiter wanted. 134 Third st
WANTED— A man to help In restaurant 113
• Turk st.
WANTED— Bootblack In barber shop. 143 Lar-
kin st. •
GOOD steady finisher on coats. 251 Eighth st,
'Oakland.' ' • ' - - -
«^ _____ -—-——————
NIGHT cashier. 29 Stockton st "-.*'¦. *?..
BARBER: young man; steady. 799 Geary st.
corner Hyde.
GOOD barber; steady Job. 407 Bush st ..
WANTED— Man for general housework. 1443
Harrison st.
CARRIAGE painter wanted. Railroad and
Fifth aves.. South San Francisco.
WANTED— A good waiter. 1534 Kentcky st
SNAP— 2-chair barber shop for sale for $30 on
account of sickness. 688 Fourth st.
WANTED — Trustworthy man as partner with
respectable lady in plain cash business; clears
$200 per month. Address box 37S1, Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. E63 Mission st, bet. 1st and Zd sts.
BARBER for every Saturday evening and Sun-
day. 1205 Fillmore st.
GOOD paying barber shop for sale cheap. 713
Mission st ¦
ATTENTION— Wanted men at once to learn
the batber trade; in 8 weeks we make you a
Journeyman barber; we prepare you for the
examinations before the Commissioners and
secure you a position; outfit of tools free;
having 100 applications for help we offer tui-
tion almost free. San Francisco Barber Col-
lege. 741 Howard at.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; ablebodled, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade; only
8 weeks required; 2 years' time saved by our
method; . examination and diploma given
free; complete outfit of tools donated: special
Inducements this month. Call or write at
once for special offer and free catalogue. MO-
LER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
BARBERS, attention— The proprietor of the
shop at 105 Fourth st. having failed to keep
regulation hours Journeymen who accept em-
ployment there are hereby notified that they
will be barred from working In all 10c shops
conducted by members of the Pacific Coast
Barbers' Association. L. M. GILLETT. Pres.
WAREHOUSEMEN, grain handlers and sack
sewers are hereby notified to remain away
from Valiejo, Crockett and Port Costa until
further notice. By order Bay Counties Ware-
- housemen's Protective Association No. 9228.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Sober, steady German as driver for
bakery wagon; must have experience; good
wages: state former employment Box 3875,
Call office. -.-,
SHOEMAKERS wanted; experienced stock fit-
ter; also man to run rounder. Apply fore-
noon shoe factory, 103 Mission st
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS^
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market
WANTED — Cash boy. 14 years of age or over.
Apply at HALE BROS.. 979 Market st
GOOD boy wanted to learn baokbindlng. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay st. .. .
GET your shoes half-soled" while waiting; 25c
to EOc. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
RENOVATORY pressman; steady .work. 565
Geary st. '¦ ' - ¦ . ¦
100 MEN to buy- suits made to order. $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO., 128 Ellis st
GOOD strong boy wanted for publishing house j
MYSELL-ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay St.
MCDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand .shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st. : .,
WANTED— A good photographer and router
Address box 4438, Call office.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
world. HERMAN'S. 26 Stewart st .
WANTED— 500 men to • buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20« up. 923 Howard, j
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar- i
• ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free I
'bus and baggage, to and from ferry. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and '
. subscriptions has ¦ been established at 1»36 '
Valencia st. "'
r ¦
. j . . . : HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and * nervous diseases— A few select
cases, will be cared for at Hospital and Sanl-
tarium, 230 Douglag st; Sar. Francisco.
"•..^ HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list : houses j to let; send for clr-~
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery. J
a Amy n^-^JJ^^^}2SSJli^^.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologist; horo-
scopes cast; lessons given, 50c; hours 11 to 1
and 4 to 6. 148 Sixth St.. room 18.-
UP to date; Mme. Richards, astrological palm-
lit and reader of human destiny; never falls;
25o and 50c. 1203 Mission St., oor. 8th.
MME. HANSEN. card reader ond palmist;
past, present and future, 25c 103 Sixth st^,
eecond floor. -. :--.:/. _2,
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson St.. cor.6th.
LAST materializing seance to-nlffht; last cir-
cle to-morrow night. ARNOLD. 148 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladles 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundayb.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat; lOo. 148 Eiath St.. 2d. floor.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles 25c, gents BOc.. 132 Sixth nt.
Mrs. Mallory. clairvoyant card reader; when oth-
. em fall consult me; L. 25o. G. EOc. 917 Howard.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana,
only 10c. 262 Minna St., near Fourth.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11. 6th;German spoken;tel.Howardl846.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44SV6 Jessie Bt. bet. Eth and 6th»
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25a up. 5 Fourth st
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor, work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 853-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
BEATING. 8c; laying, 3c; renovating, 5o up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.,: phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLJN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. - G. 57
STEVENS, Mgr., 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth et: telephone Jessie 944.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blalns: painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
' COLLECTION OFFICES.
GE^G^wrKEL^VS^A^n^y^Nocha^"u^
legs successful. Room 310. 927 Market st..-
COTTAGES TO LET.
$20— COTTAGE; 2623 Bush st; 6 rooms, bath;
large, sunny yard. '¦
$17— COTTAGE 5 rooms, bath. Key 711 Treat
avenue. ¦ ~
DENTISTS. _____ WN^
A— DR. T.~s7~HIGGINS, 927 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $150;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have yonr extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates, our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prize* for best crowns,' plates, bridges ,
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 CO; fillings,
BOc; plates,. $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Buslw
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R.L.WALSH.816% Geary.nr.Larkln— Paln-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
60c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1241 Polk st.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McC ABE'S Deteceive Agency handles all legiN
imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 323-324. San Francisco; tel. South 3S1.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDQWEJ-L Dressmaking & Millinery School—
ClasB""rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market St.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
¦attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, com'l law,
penmanship, etc.; experienced teachers; new
typewriters; positions secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university. law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. -
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mtnlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San . Fran-
cIbco Business College, 1236 Market st
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR, exp. aect, 220 Parrott bldg/
High School students— The Weekly Geometry Pa-
pers make home study easy; circulars. 3040 16th.
PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpsic Conserva-
tory; lessons 75c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MARY . P. Westhaus, piano, mandolin, guitar
. lessons, EOc; piano for practice. 89 Fifth Bt.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
MEDICAL hypnotism taught * to students of
both sexes; chronic functional nervous dis-
eases and habits cured. Suite 5, 141 Powell.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, . sent to any address in the
United States or Canada, one year for $1.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electrtc-Chemlo medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood and constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium, 8 Mason.
-. EXCHANGE.
WHAT have you got to offer for this?- Fine
2-story house of 7 rooms, . bath. etc. ; lot BOx
130; street work all done; electric cars* pass
the property; only 2 blocks from railroad sta-
tion; within walking distance • of new High
School and university. Apply to FRED H.
CLARK. 603 California St.. third floor. -' ¦--
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. . ,
JAPANESE and Chinese help of " all ~klnaT;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 PowelLnr. Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment . office —
Best help. .411% O'Farrell st.; tel,, East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315- Stockton; Main 51S8.
EMPLOYMEST^WAXTKB— FEMALE.
A CAPABLE young teacher desires position as
governess, companion or private instructor in
good family. ¦ Address . 1326 ; Seventh ave. , E.
Oakland. Cal. . : \ . - ¦ - . .
A COMPETENT cook j desires j situation In an
American family; good references. .1248 How-
ard 'St.; near. Ninth. , ¦ .. •:'/..... -'¦¦
A NORWEGIAN girl wishes situation as cook;
can furnish best of references; $30 to $35 per
" raonttuN 916^ Bryant st' '
RELIABLE ' and responsible German woman
' desires position ft-i chamber. work; no wan-
ing; no cards. 575 Twenty-second et.', - Oakld.
AN experienced nurse wishes position to care
for an Insane person.. Box 3835, Call office.'
EMPLOYMENT WANTED^-FEMALE.
A- YOUNG girl • wishes situation to assist . in
general housework. Apply 2633 Post St.
RELIABLE, competent woman wishes work of
any kind by the day. Call at 937 Mission st.|
WOMAN, wishes work by the day; washing,
- cooking or housecleanlng. . 1411B Folsom st -
DRESSMAKER, stylish and perfect fitter, . de-
- sires engagements by the day or at home;
ladles" tailoring a specialty. 611 Taylor st.,
near Post. -. " . '. . . ' ¦¦-'¦'-
YOUNG woman wishes place In family of
.three adults; | light housework; ¦ kind treat-
ment; wages reasonable. Address box 4481,
Call office. • - - .
EXPERIENCED lady desires institution work,
as attendant or nurse; children or adults.
Address box 4482, Call office.
A GERMAN woman wishes work at washing
and house cleaning by day. M. G., 629 Post
Bt. downstairs. I .---.' .
WINCHESTER House.' 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 B0 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free- 'bus
. and baggage to and from ferry. - :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received st Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
1 subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. • - "-^- ¦
EMPLOYMENT RANTED— MALE. -
POSITION by young man understanding sten-
ography and familiar with the iron and steel
business, "both architectural and structural.
Box 4479. Call office. • .£.
WANTED — By a young man, position as
shipping or billing clerk; 7 years in freight
I department of railroad. Box 8834, Call.
A • STRONG young man wishes work of any
kind; willing to work; ex-sallor. Address or
call 2S04 Twenty-first street.
MIDDLE-AGED man, familiar with city;
wants to drive and care for 1 or 2 horses.
Box 3779. Call office. -
SITUATION wanted by «. first-class German
gardener; Is strictly sober and reliable and
can furnish the best of references. Please
address Gardener, 711 California st, room 10.
STRONG boy. aged 18. who understands driv-
ing and care of horses, would like to drive
a delivery wagon- references furnished. Ad-
dress A. F. HANKE, 230C Twelfth st.
ACTIVE, intelligent man wants situation; able
to furnish small bond and references. - Write
609 Washington st. '_
SITUATION wanted In country; has had ex-
perience; understands fermenting tanks , or
011 tanks; also mason and cement worker.
Box 3952,- Call office. ¦
MIDDLE-AGED German with good reference
1 wishes a position to accompany and take
care of an old gentleman. Address box 3S33,
' Call office. ;
WANTED— Situation by middle-aged German;
, understands taking care of horses - and gar-
den; good references. Box 3951, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by single German gar-
dener; flowers, vegetables and fruit; good
references. Address 636 Commercial st. city.
MIDDLE- AGED German,, sober and Indus-
trious, desires work on a private place or in-
stitution; understands vegetable and flower
gardening; milk; handy man all around; best
of references. Address F. H., 631 Sacramen-
to St.. city.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
ly; references. H. H.. box 2707, Call office.
A RELIABLE man and wife wish to take
charge and do the work in a small place in
the country t>r stock ranch; good references.
Address T. D.. 1519 Howard st.
YOUNG Frenchman wants situation In family i
to teach French, German, Dutch and violin;
good treatment preferred to high wages; ;
country preferred. Address box 24, Call office, j
MAN. of ¦ ability and experience, with the beat
of references, wishes position as foreman on
ranch. Box 3S55, Call office.
2 FIRST-CLASS painters, with falls and all
necessary implements: work day or contract
Address 1234 Mission st. . i
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st
FEATHERS RENOVATED. j
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke,lS»3 Valencia.tel.Capp 2682.
FLATS TO LET.
NEWLY furnished eight-room corner flat for
sate or rent A. B. SMITH FURNITURE
CO.. 123 Ellis st. ¦ ¦ ¦
PINE, 2132—6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Inquire of owner,
2134 Pine st. I
A — WANTED at once; tenants for 8 new flats;
now ready. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market.
A— SUNNY new marine view 8 rooms and
bath. 2414 Van-Ness ave., near Union st
FLAT, 5 sunny rooms, bath; yard. 21 De Long
ave.. near Waller st .
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath. N. W. corner
Harrison and Fremont , Bt.
MODERN bay-window flat, 8 rooms, 2 kitchens.
Key 417& Third st. •
TWO four-room flats with porcelain bath; $15
and $13 each. Cor. Twenty-third and Castro.
FLATS TO LET— FURNI SHED.
$25— CORNER flat. 7 roonm, «>ath, piano. 2542
McAllister. MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market.
FLATS AVANTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished flat of 7 or 8 rooms and
bath, near Park; rent not over $30; on long
term. Address box 3917. Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
MUST be sold at once; new and elegantly fur-
nished flat of 6 rooms. Call between 10 and 4
•at 1114 A Leavenworth st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with No. 7
("range. King Furniture Co., 1127-11S1 Market.
FURNISHED house of 8 rooms, on account of
parties leaving town. 649 Sacramento street.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
W. P. BEAUCHAMP pays best price for furn.
and stores. 2 Golden Gate ave. ; tel. Jessie 126.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction. Co., 92S Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln; tel.Polk694;
furniture and furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
• GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP AVANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.' S.... Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses. Southern .California,; half rat*
.: $25
I 2 waitresses. Los Angeles, free fare $25
2 fancy lroners. half rate $35
Waitress, St. Helena, fare paid ...$20
Waitress. Berkeley $20
2 waitresses, Sacramento ...'. $25
2 ¦ waitresses, Santa Cruz $20
Waitress, Auburn, fare paid ...$20
Waitress, Marln County.... J20
Waitress, Alameda $20
Waitress. Redwood City..... ...........$20
¦ 2 waitresses, springs ...$20
Waitress. Sonoma ...$20
Chambermaid to wait, same place ....$20
Chambermaid, country, first class....... $17 50
' Chambermaid to wait. Nlles : $20
Plain Ironer, Santa Rosa ». .'.........$40
Laundress, institution $20
Institution nurse ...:....:......"...' ."...$30
• Ironers, .Pacific Grove, union wages.....
Cooks, country, hotel, fare paid. ...$30, $1 day
Chambermaid to wait, San Rafael, ...$20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT .........:
. Housegiri, Southern I California, fare paid . .$25
I 3 ranch cooks, different places ....$25
Ranch cook, fare paid.......... .........$30
Housegirls, second girls, nursegirls. city and
country, best of wages. . • ¦ ¦
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY.. .Phone Main. 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. V •
2 waitresses, Lake Tahoe, free fare........ $20
'6 waitresses, different springs, free fare... $20
2 waitresses. . same commercial ¦ hotel, : free
fare • -••- $25
12 waitresses, . city and country... -$20 and $25
4 chambermaids, to wait.. — .........$20
• -FAMILY. DEPARTMENT.
Cook. 2 in family. $25. at Buena Vista Island;
cook, American ¦ family, country, $30; upstairs
girl and seamstress, $20; cook and- second,
$45; many others. /
MRS. M. E. DAY.. ......<.:. 335 Geary.
NEAT young saleslady for extra, work (no ex-
perience necessarv); best wages. -\ • ;
,.' MRS. M. . E. , DAY • ..335, Geary.
BATH woman for* springs; free - fare. '¦'•'• :
MRS. M. • E. DAY. . . ... . . • ....;.....¦ .335 Geary.'
MISS HOROAN'S Emp. 'Agency. 323 Sutter st.
Cook for Belvedere ;..... ' ..;..v$35
8 cooks, city and Oakland $25 to $30
: 2 housework girls. Alameda.... ............. $25
2 girls for Belvedere... ...'.:.'.$25
: 10 waitresses, city and country.; $20 to $25
5 second girls.; ...........: ?....$25
20 girls for general housework....:... $20. to $25
30 young girls to assist.:....:...'. $12. to $20
r .HELP . WANTED— FEMALE— Con. _
A— HOTEL* GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room II
—A young lady for a cashier's position in a
. flrst-class restaurant; no previous experience
required. / ( / . . . • ¦¦ .
WANTED— Middle-aged married woman for
-. housework , and servo at table; sleep home;
wages $20; references. Call between 2:30 and
3:30 p. m. at 617 Buena Vista ave. .- *
FIRST-CLASS talloress wanted to work on
coats. Apply MIKKELSEN & BERRY'S.
2124 Center at..- Berkeley, Cal.
GLOVE operators and apprentices ;%teady em-
I ployment' B. BLUMENTHAL & CO.. 25 and
27 Battery Bt . y,
WANTED— Girl for general housework and
¦ cooking; small, washing; no window cleaning.
1303 Octavla st. . •
FIRST-CLASS* finisher on coats; must be able
to make button-holes. 411V& Kearny st, • top
floor. '
WANTED— Girl for general housework and
I plain cooking; wages $20. Apply at 411 Golden
Gate ave. before 12. •
COMPETENT girl for general housework and
cooking; $20; call, between 8 and 12 a, m.
213 Broderlck at
FIRST-CLASS operators, button-hols makers,
finishers on vests. 230^ Ninth st.
WANTED— Girl; 2. in family; no washing. Ap-
ply 1032 Ellis st -
GIRLS to shell walnuts. Apply 123 Clay it,
, upstairs. , . .
GIRLS to fold paper boxes. 14 and 16 Fre-
mont st. ¦ .
GIRL for housework and plain cooking. \ 825
Golden Gate ave. •
WANTED— Nice young girl to assist In house-
: work. 236 Twelfth sf -_^
BRIGHT girl about 14 as assistant GANT-
NER & MATTERN. 1017 Hyde St.
! WANTED— Salesgirls In under-muslln depart-
ment. Emporium. Apply to manager of dept
TEACHER wanted. Apply Girls' 1 Directory,
Central ave. and Waller st. •
WANTED— Girl for cooking and downstairs
work. Apply at 2409 Washington st.
NEAT girl to assist In bakery. Apply at 42?
Larkin st.
OPERATORS on aprons, butcher gowns and
bar coats; power. 204H Turk st. . •
WANTED— Neat German girl In bakery; ex-
perlenced preferred. 108 Ninth st
WANTED— Chambermaid at New Golden Gate
Hotel, 134 Fourth st.
NEAT young girl living at home to tend of-
flce. Apply before 12, 414 McAllister st.
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 818
Third st
GOOD talloress wanted on custom coats, 933
Market Bt.. room 16.
GIRL for general housework: small family; no
washing; reference. 1634 Fell st.
WANTED— Song and dance ladies; first-class
company. STERETTS, 933 Market st, 12 m.
FINISHER on coats; also apprentice; steady
'work. Call after 9 a. m. at 354 Ggary Bt.
CHAMBERMAID wanted. Rosedale, 321 Ellis
street. . ".rv-
GIRL, chocolate dipper,/ Call at 483 Valencia
street. I
GERMAN girl to wait at table and do upstairs
work; small hotel. 662 Fulton st.
A STRONG reliable colored woman to take
care of a physician's offices and residence
and make herself generally useful about the
house. Address box 44S0, Call.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages. Apply at FON-
TANA BRANCH, California Fruit Canners'
Association, corner Francisco and Taylor sts.
WOMEN and »Irls wanted to work on fruit:
steady work at good wages. Apply at CUT-
TING BRANCH, California Fruit Canners'
: Association, corner Seventh and Berry sts.
SHOEFITTERS— Wanted, experienced table
hands and apprentices. Shoe Factory, 103
Mission st. ,
WANTED— A young girl to work in restaurant
3 Howard St., near East.
WANTED— Dlgniffed business woman to travel
for wholesale house.- Box 4430. Call office. y
2 YOUNG ladies, good appearance, good talk-
ers; salary and commission. 24 Montgomery
st, room 8. 9-11 a. m. '
GOOD girl wanted to learn bookbinding. MT-
SELL-ROLLINS CO.. 22 Clay st. -.
OPERATORS on shirts & overalls; inexperncd
instructed. Heynemann & Co., 410 Mission.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '•
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Office open 7 a. m. to-day.;
R. R. Work Free Fare
Ukiah '
Cal. N. W. Ry
Santa Fe R. R
Uklah
150 teamsters, Uklah Free Fare
75 laborers, Ukiah Free Fare
CO men to cut right of way, Ukiah, wages $2
to $2 25 day Free Fare
SANTA FE R.R \ FREE PASS
50. laborers, no experience required, for all di-
visions of Santa Fe Company's own work, be-
tween San Francisco, Bakersfleld and Los An-
geles, wages $175 day ...Free Fare
Office Fee $1... No Other Expenses
MECHANICAL HELP
2 rough carpenters, country, $2 50 day; wood-
worker, country shop, $2 50 day; gang edger-
rnan, see boss here; shlngler, city, $3 day; 2
blacksmith helpers, ranches, $35 and $40 and
found; horse shoer, 35c fare, $2 day; black-
smith, country shop, $3 day; 15 blacksmiths,
shops, camps and ranches; blacksmith, R. R.
camp, $50 and found, free fare, see boss here:
basalt block makers, etc. ; can solderer and
man to run capping machine..
LABORERS— TEAMSTERS
5 laborers no experience, for a mine, $60; 10
laborers. Shasta County. $67 50; 15 laborers, 8
hours' work, $2. day. 35c fare; 500 laborers,
city and country, $1 60 to $2 50 day; 15 -team-
sters, Amador County, $2 and $2 25 day; 10 2-
horse teamsters, 90c fare, $2 day; S team-
sters. $34 and found; 10 laborers, dig sewers,
'country, long Job, $2 day
LUMBER PILERS— SAWMILLS
10 laborers to pile lumber for a large com-
pany, $35 and found; 15 lumber pliers, saw
Mill company. $60; 25 men to work in lumber
yards, $2 day; 10 laborers, mills and woods;
crosscut sawyers, woodchoppers, tie makers,
bark peelers, etc
.. FARMS— MISCELLANEOUS— DAIRIES ..
150 farmers and men to work in hay and har-
vest. $1 25 to $1 75 day; 4 orchard teamsters.
$26; 5 teamsters, large ranch; 12 choremen and
boys: 3 dairy men, $30 and $40; 2 gardeners,
private places: slablemen, $40 and $50; 2 host-
lers and buggy wa&havs; 2 young men, car-
riage raint shop; middle aged man to drive
street car, country
...HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS...
Chef and second cook, country, $100: 2 camp
waiters, near city, $20; third baker, country
shop, ?30; tamale maker. Washington, fave
paid; 2 cooks, dredgers, . $25 and $35; 5 camp
and ranch oooks; 9 waiters, city, country, t* r >
and $35; butcher, country shop, $30; clerk for
bakery; vegetable men and kitchen help; bak-
ery wagon driver, country, $35 and found, see
boss here; "driver, small milk route, city, $25.,
MURRAY & READY...! 634-636 Clay st
A— SPECIAL; foreman for a mine, see boss
here. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
A— WOODCHOPPERS FARE PAID
SEE BOSS HERE ..;
25 woodchoppers, to cut 4-foot wood for a
, mine, $1 50 cord; see boss here; tools and pro-
visions furnished; "fare paid; see boss here.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St. .
A— WORKING foreman, ' small farm; see boss
, •¦ here. MURRAY fc READY, 634-636 Clay st
A— FARMER and wife, small orchard, $15 and
found. $1 BO fare. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 Clay. St. • _'
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, •"¦ •
59 Third st., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush -405.
.60 railroad laborers for Uklah. free fare.
FREE FARE
6. harvest hands, $2 a day and board.
: 5* lumber pliers, $35 a month and board. -
3 men to feed hay press, $3 to $4 a day.-.,-.,*
- 20 laborers, $2 a day. '
10 sawmill and yard men, $2, - half fare ad-
P vanced. .
¦ 5 teamsters. $1 25 per day and board.
2 milkers. $30 per month, 25 cows.
3 rough carpenters, $2 60 per day.
2 men for surface work, mine. '$2 per day.
6 FRUIT pickers, - $1 day and board; 2 team-
sters, near city, $1 25 day and board; 10 team-
sters, $2 25 day; drivers for, milk wagons, $33
and board and $60 month; farmers, $25 and
-' $30; milkers,- $30; choremen, $20; boys to ped-
dle fruit; 2 hay balers, 15c ton; boys for fac-
tory? Scandinavian coachman, $35; and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st
SCRUBBER for Institution. $1 day. and found;
restaurant and hotel cooks. $30 to $60; baker's
helper. $30; middle-aged inside servant, $20
and found; dishwashers; . waiter for chop-
house, ?10 week, and others. J. F. CROSETT
6 CO., 628 Sacramento st.
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 323 Kearny st.
, 60 R. R. laborers, Uklah and Santa Barbara,
ifree fare; 60 laborers, lumber mill, ship Fri-
day;" 20 laborers, 20 teamsters, $2 25, fare
, $1 20; floor man for horseshoe shop. ,$2 50^,
A" PORTER. $20; bell boy, $15, near city; .bell
boy, ; city, $15. . MRS. M. < E. DAY, 335 Geary.
ASHAMPOOER for springs; free fare. MRS.
M.-E.. DAY. 335 -Geary at •
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
3 colored 'waiters,' northern hotel, $30.', ;
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnned.
SHOEMAKERS, attention !!!— For sale cheap.
In Popa Valley, 12 miles from St Helena, a
comple# outfit of tools and stock of leather;
also house 16x18 with all utensils for house-
keeping; cause of selling, old age and sick-
ness. Inquire of L. GOTTLIEB, 715 Bush St..
city. _s ¦ ¦¦ - .
BIG opening; moderate capital wanting; value
for Investment AL 109 California, r. 26, aft.
DELICACY store; must be sold or given away;
3 living rooms; rent $18. 635 Valencia st.
FOR Eale cheap — Grocery and lsar. 1322 Na-
toma st. .
BARBERS— Best 2-chair shop in San Jose; all
new furniture: must be sold before August 1;
investigate. Address A. F. NOFTZ, 12 East
San Fernando St., San Jose. Cal.
J1500— ESTABLISHED stationery and frame
store In best locality, or $800 half interest;
must sell on account of sickness. Address box
44S8. Call office. ¦ , . ¦
A BARGAIN— Fine location, lodging house or
transient, with saloon, dancing hall and
bowling alley. Box 3786, Call office.
ELEGANT drug store: good town; 2 hours'
ride from city; cheap; sickness cause sale.
Owner, 112 Perry st.
STORE and 3 furnished rooms; all light; op-
posite school; cell cheap; rent $11; no agents.
1933 Mission st
FOR SALE — Corner grocery and bar; 4 well
furnished rooms In rear; no agents. Inquire
1118 Market st ' ¦
$350— GROCERY and bar; 4 nice living rooms.
Apply 31S4 Twenty-third St. .
WANTED — An honest an« sober partner ¦with
$3000 In an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc.; cash receipts about $1600 to
$2000 per month. . Address GEORGE MAT-
ERLE, German Expert Optician. 1071% Mar-
ket St.. San Francisco.
$1000-OLD-ESTABLISHED stationery bazaar,
school supplies and candles; sunny living
rooms; north of Market: near schools; cost
$1500; owner leaving city: no agent Box
St.15. Call office.
BRANCH bakery and notion business in a fine
location: all cash trade; very low rent; liv-
ing-rooms: very cheap if taken this month.
Apply 1*27 Market st, restaurant *
$40O— PARTNER wanted to start laundry busi-
ness. 1421 Point Lobos ave. -
CANDY store for sale cheap: proprietor Bick.
Box S810. Cal.
$7tO— RESTAURANT In factory district: bar-
gain on account of departure. Box 4455 Call.
FOR sale— Small oyster stand; a bargain. Call
8 a. jn. to 4 p. m., 41SV4 Larkln st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER
1020 Market st, opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 790.
26 Years In Business in This City
Offers for Sale and Exchange
100 rooming-houses, 10 to 500 rms.. $50 to $25,000
150 lodging-houses, 6 to 600 rms., $100 to. 20,000
40 flats, 8 to 12 rooms, $80 to 760
60 private homes, 6 to 25 rooms, $90 to.. 2,000
31 boarding-houses, 10 to 100 rms., $350 to 10,000
20 hotels. 40 to 200 rooms. $1000 to 8,000
40 grocery stores, $400 to 6,000
20 candy store*, $300 to 1,200
40 saloons. $400 to 6,000
10 cigar stores. $300 to 1,000
COO other businesses, all kinds, $100 to.. 20,000
100 vacant lots. $25 to 8,000
75 houses and lots, everywhere, $600 to.. 60,000
E chicken ranches, $400 to 1,700
60 ranches, everywhere. $300 to 14,000
..To Buy, Sell or Exchange Anything Call..
I can suit you.- H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market
A. CAMERON & CO.. ~
B50 Market st and 8 Stockton st # : -vi'
. RoomF/21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have i/jtel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
63 r. ; downtown apartment house $3500
CO r.; corner; rent $123; perm.; trans, rmrs. 1800
24 r. : rent $110; good fur. and carp; Al loc. 1900
Money loaned on deferred payments; 1% p. c.
20 r. ; rent $75; new carp.; part hskpg 1200
15 r. ; rent $57 CO; fur., loc. good; bargain. 900
]2 r.; rent $40; good house; sickness; rede'd 425
6 rms. ; rent $25; new hardwood fur. 375
1 Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
MARION GRIFFIN, money to loan.
719 Market st. .by Call bldg. Tel. Black 1803.
9 rooms; rent $25; income $125 $700
41 rooms; 2 blocks N of Mkt: rent $100.. 1700
CO rooms; rent $170; fine apartments 2500
14 rooms; M cash; rent $40..... 450
Call at office for list; above are only samples.
" ATTENTION. BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city and pay for It
in monthly payments ./"."
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
FISHER & CO., 935 Market; phone Folsom 1312.
75 rooms; price $5000 42 rooms; price.... $3300
26 rooms; price...." 1900 30 rooms; price 2250
14 rooms; handsome; rent only $60; price.. $750
22 rooms: elegant; rent only $60; price $1500
We have over 300 more, any location, kind
or price, at bargains and hurried sales.
MORTGAGED HOUSE MUST SELL.
14 rooms; central; paying $650
J6 rooms; cheap rent; part cash 600
20 rooms; near. Market st 1200
35 rooms; reduced to 650
42 rooms; clears $100 1700
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st.
M. J. McBRIDE & CO.
1016 Market St., opp. Fifth st.
B6-room house $2500
25-room house •" *00
7-room house; rent $25 250
Private house, 6 rooms 200
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st).
SELECT your house from the largest list In
town— Rooming houses and hotels, from $100
to $50,000; hundreds to choose from. WALTER
HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st
LIST your lodging houses, saloons, groceries,
restaurants, etc., with us. We "have bvyers
everywhere. Calif. Business Assn., 865% Mkt.
A— 9-ROOM lodging-house for sale; central
location. Address box 4478, Call office.
$350— LODGING-HOUSE 10 rooms, furnished.
86414 Mission Et.
SPIRITUALIS M.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Bun., Tues., Fri.. 8 p. m., BOc; yon can apeak
to your spirit friends face to face and recog-
nize them; give names; has received medals
from many countries: taken last world's
record medal at Paris Fair. 1084 Bush; tel.
2275 Larkln st. >
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 CFarrell. nr. Gough: Ellls-
st. car: sit.. $1; letter. $2. Tel.' Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business— MRS. DR. FARNHAM,
the world-renowned spiritual medium: advice
In all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces,
deaths- unites the separated: mining a spe-
cialty; circles Sun.. Wed.. Frl. eve.; letters
answered. Residence (no signs). 38 McAllister.
JOHN SLATER— Circles. 25c; Sun.,Mon. Frl.
eves., 8:15; Wed. aft, 2:45; sit 10 to 4 except
Sat & Sun. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS EBERHARDTS spiritual test meeting.
3250 Twenty-second st, between Mission and
Valencia, 8 p. m. ; 10c.
MME YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night 606 McAlllstery 10c. Come skeptics.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis— Readings dally;
seance Sun., Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. S35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS.
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable - advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction cuaranteed.
A-LINCOLN —CLAIRVOYANT AND
HIGH PSYCHIST
He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
etc.. without asking a single question- cures
diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid had luck and how . to make yourself
lucky; reunites the separated: makes harmony
in your home; gives accurate advice on all
business affairs: Investments, mining, oil; read-
ings by mall; send stamp for terms. 125 Turk.
KNOW YOUR FUTURE.
Mme. Montague, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives advice in all affairs of life; gives
names, facts, figures, with full predictions in
all love affairs; not cne failure; letters ans-
wered. 116 Turk St., flat 1.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator." Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. .. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; ne»er fall*; has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret; shows picture of future husband
or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 215'i Sixth St.
1SMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant i and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
Clh; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings dally, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.: 60c; English,'
German and French spoken. 215. Leavenworth.
MME. SANDERS. 127 Mason, medium; teaches
¦ palmistry and mind telegraphy; advice on all
business: 4 Questions by mail. $1: hr's. 12 to 8.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale— 1 black horse. 18 hands high, 8 yeafll \
old; can trot In 2:40; been driven by a ladyi"
also rubber-tired buggy and harness; almoac
new; also one top buggy; must be sold. Sta»
ford Stables, 310 Golden Gate ave.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bug?! si,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S27 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE.- Auctioneers.
FOR sale— Horse and wagon: cheap. IjjI at
5935^Jission st. oposlte Ocean View
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st .
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc,, cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission at.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HORSES "WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; tens
or five months' work. Apply at 23 Montgom-
ery tt.. room 25.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Lady's diamond-studded ¦' gold watch
marked MINNIE HOV/ELL. Liberal reward
for its return to Hughes House. 214 Third St.,
this clty A or Rushvllle. Illinois.
LO&T— Lady's open-faced green enameled
watch from the Emporium to Kearny and
Sutter sts.; liberal reward. 332 Stockton st
LOST— Pearl scarfpln In Louvre or from then
to Powell-st. cars; liberal reward If returned
to room 1003. Call building.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel bitch; white spot
on breast and sore eye. Return to 741 Green
St.; reward.
LOST— White English setter bitch with lemon
ears; liberal reward. 1519 Masonic ave.
LOST— Discharge, Issued Guinobatan, Luzon.
on Front st. S. F.. last Thursday. Forward
same 1032 Clay st. ; reward $2.
LOST— In or near St. Nicholas Hotel, a 32d da-
gree Masonic ring with diamond between ths
double eagles; owner's name Inside. Finder
¦will be liberally rewarded by returning to ma
» at St Nicholas Hotel. C. D. HANCHETTE.
FOUND— Small sum of money. Apply 216%
Dorland st.
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 248 O'FarreM. bet. Powell and Mason.
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
'my regulator has no equal: all classes of (a-
'-male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
•J helps the unfortunate; the most obstlnata
'cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dUf-
_¦ flcult cases treated; scientific methods guar.
Vanteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give in*
stant relief for all female complaints; th«
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Kale's.
MRS. DR. WYETH has removed from Post st.
to 410 O'Farrell: reliable ladles' specialist; 24
years' successful practice: guar. treatment at
office; any ailment; private home for patients
before and during confinement; low fees.
' A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all femal«
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never falls; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best care; fee low; consult fre«.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1113 Market, nr. Mason.
Dr. and Mrs. Da vies, 1223 Market: our regulator
in a treatment that has brought health and,
happiness to thousands of suffering women;
office treatment guaranteed: strictly reliable.
HINDOHERB AND MRS. DR DAVIES 1
original method of treatment: maternity
home; stamp for circulars. 1126 Market. S. F.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW cor. G. G. ave. & Flllmore-.
MATRIMONIAL. .
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladies^
send 10c for latest Hat MRS.HERTZ. 708 Ellis
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st:
tel. Bush 421.
J1ISCELLAXEOIS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN. 135-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand ; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 102L 1023
Mission st. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
THOROUGHBRED Great Danes- and St. Ber-
nards, setters, cockers, dachshunds, fox,
Scotch, skye, Yorkshire, silver and bull ter-
riers. Remember the College. Kennels hai
dogs on hand of all kinds; my stock Is- guar-
anteed. 115 Haight st.
Graphophones, Phonographs. Gramophones. $3 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonoerraphs. Gramophones very
cheap.- Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
AIR compressor. 3 sizes. 5. 10. 20 stamp mills;
30 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam
and water power. J. B. Jardine. 220 Fremont.
BANK counter, 90 feet; cut up to suit; must
sell before August 1. F. G. JONES. 1113
Webster St., .Oakland; phone Main 211.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St. .
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood: lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market st
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
MOVING picture attachments for magic Ian- I
terns. $12 50. 109 Montgomery st. I
GASOLINE engines, all size*, new and second-
hand. J. E. DOAK. r.U Mission st
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
F«>R sale — Fine collection minerals and coins.
1066U Howard st.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
WE pay big prices for ladies' sealskins. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. .¦$¦¦_
2D-IIAND machinery of all k'nds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THtJ
WALTZ SAFE. 109,111 Market st, San Fran.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
' MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers', second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st a
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2<l-hand:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and Id-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post gt.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— $10. 0C0 worth of ladies* and gents*
cast-off clothing, for which I will pay th«
highest price; sealskins and full dress suits
a specialty.. Box 4491. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
' LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market st.
makes loans on second mortgages, undivided
Interests, in estates,' etc.; also large or small
loans on good ranches; if your property Is
mortgaged and you need more money, don't
fail to see me; lowest rates; quickest settle-
ments; financial problems of all sorta and
sizes solved by HERMAN MURPHY. C3)
Market st.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
$3GO,000 at i per cent In sums to suit. City A
Oakland; town i & country property, second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loan*
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchaa«
. any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor.Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT < PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages ,
'Undivided interest In real estate in probate..
Mortgages amd legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st, room 3 *
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will losa
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
i ANY proposition, any amount; S per cent: first
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates. legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
I Ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
I Interests; corporation loans. R. 16. 1st floor.
' Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market
st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
$25,000 IN- trust to loan at 6 per cent: city or
country: «ee me before going elsewhere.
HARPER, 397 Parrott building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private'
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlaL Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
|,ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a, month on •acH
\ $1000; any security. - 303 Montgomery it, r. VThe Russian empire is possibly the
greatest contributor to the world's supply
of .fur. Russian and Siberian huntera de
stroy annually 3,000.000 ermines. 13.000.000
marmots and 25,000,000 squirrels.
Welnachfa excursion party of New York .
R Welnacht & w
Miss Hetty Weinacht
Miss Minnie Weinacht
Herman AebeV & w
G Depecker & w
C F Gennerich & w
C C Wehrum & w
Miss Jenny Wehrun
C E Wehnim
J B Hagebuckle & w
T C.Halbe & w
John Tbumarr->& w
F Pfelffer Aw"
H Moritx Aw"
Miss Morltz
Mrs C Kunold
Miss E Kunold :
lacob Appell -
Miss Appell
Henry Dreyer & w
Henry Borman & w
W Fisher & w
P D Fisher & w
W Schneider & w .
John Becker & w
John Knoth '& w
Chr Stoehr
Miss G Stoehr *
John PIrkel & w ¦
C E Bauerdorf & w
A Bauerdorf V*; •
B Bauerdorf
Miss Julia Brandt
Miss Julia K Schnell
Mrs Sommer
Mrs Vorhach
Henry Fulling & w
A. Bunke & w
F Seppelius & w
Miss Seppelius
A Bergerow
J P Delehanty
John Oehler & vr
Miss Oehler
Mrs A Hochhalter
Mrs V Kolb
Otto Schmidt & w
D W Rohde & w •
M Rutterman
George 'Wolf
George Telfel
A Rodler
H H Noll
O D Nedbuth
J H Rohde,
Mrs A Krai-.ss
John Brunlns
John Echuhniann
George Schelllng
August Eckert
Mrs S Eilis ¦
P Colfert
E Voss
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs E S Stevens, N Y
Miss E Agsden. NY
W C Richardson, Mex
R C Davis, Victoria
C J Trunman, VW.oria
M L Hughes. Ka« City
Miss E L Page, Tenn
C F Roberts, N Y
H Francis. N Y
A H Campbell. Sacto
Bessie Campbell, Sacto
Minnie Campbell, Sact
E J Krendall. Auburn
J B Tibbitt. Los Ang
A B Cohen. Missouri
F H McCulIough & w.
Los Angeles
R I Pope, Stockton
J N Curtis, Tucson
W B Stearns & w, Bost
J Welsbein. Or Valley
A B Wells. Honolulu
J H Mull. PhHadel
G E Babcock & w. Cal
Miss Edwards. - Cal
p Frazer Jr. Philadel
M Schule, Germany
H G Eilers, Russia
Oscar Well. Cal
C V Day. N Y
C R Bird. Philadelphia
G L Corbln, Conn
J L Eisendrath. Chlcgo
M Rosenblum. St Louts
F W Schourte, St Loua
S M MurtlU, Denver
J E Terry. Sacto
H N Elmer. Chicago
J P Elmer, Chicago
H G Brown. Denver
Mrs N J Wellers, Minn
SDorsey. N Y .
G M Allen & w. Daw
son
I N Large. Los An*
W K Batchelder. Me
L A Rezer. El Paso
F E Perry. Chgo
D J Kenzle. Cal
F Belknap, Oakland
C-.C Loomis. Maine
[W Stern. N Y
R R Barrow&w. La
R R Johnson, San Jose
R V Davis. San Jose
A C Wlrth&w. Bkrsfld
Dr T E Taggart, Cal
D S Kyser, NaDa
Margie Kyser, Naja
F Kyser. Naoa
W M Walden. Fresno
A H-Hart. New Tork
J E Mauerhan. N Y
B Rothschild. Chicago
C McAdory & w, Ala
T W Gallion, Tenn
F B Kin*. Pomona
C C McDonald, Portlntf
H R Duniway,- Portlnd
C E Swexy, Marysville,
G F Hildebrandt |
E H Bergeman. Hollnd
V E Larson and wife
J H Whitaker&w, Or
R McCormick, Chicago
T J Butler & w, Ariz
H F Bracher, San Jose
Minerva Udell, Tacoma
B S Wood, Santa Rcsa
Mrs A J Brunner, Sac
P Keating. Colo
A J Gustaverson. Tcma
Mrs M W George, Cal
Q M Frost, Kansas Cty
A Carroll. New York
Mattle F. Merrltt, N T
Pearl Brush. N "S"
Mrs E L Baker. Salnaa
Hazel Baker, Watsnvle
A. L El iet. Los Angeles
C R Rusby, Kaa City
F O Helm. Santa Cruz
W H Harding Jr & w,'
New York
Anna C Day, BostoA
H J Vttrlan. Detroit
M A Muse, Sacramento
J Tachey, Sacramento
Si?. Blath. Chicago
M G Edloff. Iowa
W J Edloff. Iowa
C M Chadbcm & w,
I Portland
G K Collins, Los An?
Miss S Poundstone, Cal
G B McKee. San Jose
I Rosenburgr. Woodland
Mrs M E Bitheil. Sacto
Miss E Fenney, * Sacto
D C Ralston, Detroit
Dr C F Tarsgart. LA
R P Falrbarn, Mich
GRAND HOTEL.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S E Latson. Colorado
C Embee, Oakland
H A Settle, Denver
S G Torke. Kansas
Miss M Trin. S Rosa
A Sylvester. S Rosa
13 M Sanbren, Maine
F D Sawyer, Maine
G Russell, N T
Miss N Terham. Seattl
J T Kroy, Iowa
G Houck & w, Sacto
W V Lewis, Missouri
H Gardner, Boston
G Hessing Cincinnati
J E Hall, Los Ang
J L Morgan. Sta Ana
J Miller, Phoenix
R C Dunham, N J
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | . Bia.Aak.
4s quar coup... 113 113% Us qr c (new).13f%139
4s quar reg....H3 113%l3s quar coup. .10* 103%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C os.105%107 Oceanic SS 5s.lOI341O2y
Cal-st 5s 116 — Omnibus C 6S.125 —
C C Water 5s.lO7*4 — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s.l28V4133tf Pk & C H 6S..106 — .
Fer & Cl R 6s. 117% — Pk & O R 6s.. 117 —
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R 6s. 120 —
H C & S 5%s.l0«i; — Sac E G R 5s — —
Do 5s.... — 102% S F & SJV Bs.120 —
Los Ang R 5s.ll5 — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 6s. — 102 S P of C 6s
Do gntd 6S.100 — (19C9) .111% —
Do gntd 5s. .103 — - (1910) 112»4 —
£• A & Pao Ss.101 102% S P of C 6s
Dolcra 5s.lO2% — (1905), Ser A. — 109U
Mkt-st Cab Es.125% — (1905), Ser B.109*JllQti
Do 1 c m 5s. 123^124% (1906) 112V4114'
NevCNG 7s.lO5 114 (1912) 120% —
Nor R Cal 6s. 112 — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 119 — cp gntd 5s. ..107' —
Nor Pac C 6s..lOO% — S P Br Cal 68.136 —
, Do 5s — 106& S V Water 6s.ll3% — :
Nor R Cal 6s.. 110 113 Do 4s — 103%
Oak Gas 5s. ...112% — Do 4s 3d m. .101*1102
Do Trans 6s.U7 — Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do Water 5s. — 102% ¦
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 78 79 [Spring Valley. 87 87'i
Marin County. 50 — J
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P 4 — Pac Light ....45 47&
Equitable 4Vi 5% Sacramento .. — —
Mutual 4% — S F G & E.... 45 45%
Oakland .. — 50%' 50% San Francisco. 4U 4U
Pac Gas Imp.. 44^4 — Stktn G & E.. 8 — '"
INSURANCE. - — .
Firem's- Fund. — 247 | .;
' . * ' BANKS..
Anglo-Cal 77% — LP&A 150 —
California 404 406% Mer Ex Olq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO7% — S F National.127% — !
First Nationl..305 — . " \
i SAVINGS BANKS.
German — 1910 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security 275
Mutual 50 — Union Trust. .1600 —
"San Franclsco.520 .525 ¦
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 134 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 40 Presidio So —
Market 74 74% .
POWDER.
Giant 75 — IVIgorit .-. 3 zu
SUGAR.
Hana 6# — Kilauea 16% 17%
Hawaiian 50 — Makaweli ..... 22% —
Honokaa 16% 17 Onoraea 20% —
Hutchinson ... 17 — . Paauhau 22% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. — 132 Oceanic S Co.. 49% —
Cat Fruit Can. 97 9S Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 99%101 Pac C Borax.. 165
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint .... 16
- Morning Session.
¦ Board—
SO Alaska Packers' Association ...lsi 50
135 Honokaa Sugar Co 17 00
65 Honokaa Sugar Co is sti;
30 Hutchinson S P Co * it go
55 Market Street Railway. 74 25
$1,000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 117 00
30 Paauhau S P Co 93 eo
10 Paauhau S P Co... ij. 23 £5
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 25
15 S F Gas & Electric Co ;.. 45 00
10 Spring Valley Water i 87 00
30 Spring Valley Water, a 10 87 00
. 15 Vigorit 300
Street— - .
$10,000 Oakland Transit Co 6s.: 117 00
'. ¦ Afternoon Session. :
Board— ,
.25 California Fruit Canners 97 50
100 Contra Costa Water....." 78 00
t 25 Contra Costa Water . -77 75
10 Giant Powder Con 75 00
75 Honokaa Sugar Co 17 00
¦ 120 Hutchinson S P Co? 17 00
75 Makaweli 33 00
50 Makaweli ........ ..i "...-... 32 50
' 20 Oceanic Steamship Co 50 00 :
$1,000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds, cash.. .102 00
50 Onomea Sugar Co... 20 50
25 Paauhau S P Co 23 00
25 Paauhau S P Co 22 75
25 Pacific Gas Improvement.' 45 00
¦ 50 San Francisco Gaslight 4 25
.100 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 00
15 Spring Valley Water 87 25
. Street— - . --..,- ;
145 Market Street Railway 74 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
1000 Junction .». 10
800 Occidental of West Virginia 35
350 Peerless 6 25
100 West Shore .'. ." ; .....:... 2'50 '
Street— • .
1000 West Lake, h 10..:. :... 07 :
, *; Afternoon Session. '
Street—
SO Home 2 05
10 Kern ...'. .% ~... 5 25
" 600 Occidental of West Virginia *• 35
• 10 San Joaquln OH & Development.../ 7 62%
MINING STOCKS. "
The following were the- sales in. the San
Francisco Stock j and Exchange Board yester
day: . • - v ¦ . : - -.' ' . i ¦ -
• . : ¦: Morning Session.
400 Belcher 15! 1000 Crown Point.'..- 13
400 Best & Belcher 20 300 Gould & Curry 12
100 Caledonia 45 1300 Justice 03
300 Challenge ...... 45 5C0 Mexican 16
500 Challenge. 46 600 Ophir 70
400 Challenge ". 48 900 Savage 08
200 Challenge 47 1500 Silver Hill 29
20O Con Cal & Va..2 05J. 900 Tellow Jacket.. 26
E0 Con Cal & Va.. 2 00 100 Yellow Jacket.. 27
400 Confidence 1 60 400 Yellow Jacket.. 28
10O Confidence .....1 80 1070 Yellow Jacket.. .29
.- 450 Confidence ....4 90 1 400 Yellow Jacket.. 30
Afternoon. Session. '..-;.
500 Andes 04 60 Confidence ..:.J 50
100 Caledonia ...r.. 39 500 Crown Point... 11
600 Caledonia ...... 38 500 Hale. & Norc... 23
200 Caledonia 37 1000 Ophir ........... 69
100 Challenge .. 38 500 Overman 18
300 Challenge ..:... 37 100 Silver HU1 ..... 31
200 Challenge ...... 36 300 Silver Hill 33
200 Confidence .....1 40 2C0 Yellow Jacket.. 24
350 Confidence 145 300 Yellow Jacket.. 25
1 The following were . the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: ,
Morning Session.
1000 Alpha 05 300 Gould & Curry 13
1200 Belcher 15i 200 Hale & Norc... 24
400 Belcher ........ - 14 500 Justice .... 02
400 Belcher "...'..... .12 TOO Justice "03
400 Best & Belcher . 20 400 Mexican 16
100 Caledonia :..... 41 700 Mexican :. 15
5C0 Caledonia 40 1200 Ophir .......... -69
SOO Challenge Con. . 37 600 Ophir .'. .". .'. 70
20O Challenge Con.." 38 600.Ophir 68
200 Challenge Con.. 45 300 Overman ....... 16
800 Challenge Coo.. 48 200 Overman 15
500 Challenge Con... 49 1000 Potosl 09
300 Challenge Con.. ' 43 1790 Savage ..'....... 07
200 Challenge Con- 42 1200 Savage ..:...... 03
300 Challenge Con..- 40 1000 Seg Belcher.... 04
500 Chollar 03 ,300 Sierra Nevada. 13
MONDAY, July 22-2 p. m.
Business was quiet all around yesterday
morning, and neither local stocks "and bonds
nor oil stocks showed any changes worthy of
mention. • . _
Trading was more active In the afternoon,
with a decline in Paauhau to $22 75 and in
Makaweli to $32 50;
STOCK AND BOND EXCHA1TQS.
Alice and Frederick Grass (owners) with
John H. Munster (contractor). Architect Her
mann Barth — AH ¦work except plumbing, gas
fitting, painting and graining for a three-story
frame building with basement and attic (fiats),
en E line of Dolores street. 30 S of Eighteenth.
S 30 by E 85, M B 78: $7220.
Builders' Contracts.
J. H. and Agnes A. Simpson to H. B. Mehr
mann, all Interest in lot on SW corner of
Brockhurst and- Grove .streets, W 117.47. S
72.59. E 116.96. N 61.65. portion of block G. map
of property of Central Land Company In blocks
F and G, Oakland: $10. "
Joseph | C. and Anna Petersen to Chris Nel
son, all interest in lot 5, block D, map of
Latham Terrace, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Orville W. and Harvey Townsend (by M. S.
Taylor and J. R- Buttrick. trustees) to Rich
ard Taylor, all Interest In lot on W line of
College avenue, 100 S of Madison. S 50 by W
99, Alameda; $1769.
Derby Estate Company (corporation) to
County of Alameda, all interest for use of pub
lic street of strip of land 60 feet wide begin
ning at a point on W line of Fruitvale avenue.
5S1 SW of East Fourteenth street. NW- 1222.9
to- E line of Park street. SW thereon 501.66 frtrm
ss.Id line of East Fourteenth, Brooklyn Town
ship; grant. . •
Charles T. Hoffmann to Amelia Hoffmann
(wife of Charles T.). lots 1 to 4. block H. Pow
ers Tract. Alameda; gift.
California Realty Company to Albert Klebsch,
lets 47 to 50. 73 and 74, Elmhurst Park. Ala
meda: $10.
John F. Gunn to E. C. Hagar, lot on N line
of Knox avenue or Twenty-seventh street. 620.15
W of Telegraph avenue. W 37 by N 112; $10.
Josaphlne Levasier (wife of Adam) to John
A. Levasier. lot 11, block 728, map of redivision
of block 740 and portions of blocks 739, 727 and
128. Oakland; gift.
Janet and John Hunter to William C. Jen
kins, all Interest in lots 23 to fS. 'block 4, map
of Spaulding Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Frederick Boegle to S. W. Ash, lot 27. block
G. map of Golden Gate Tract. Oakland Town
ship (made to correct errer 436 T>. 476): $10.
Minnie E. Ash (wife of S. W.) to Harriet A.
Weaver^ widow), same; $10.
Alameda County.
Estate of Elizabeth H. Harris, minor (by
Nellie L. Bulger, guardian) to Joseph Fass
ler, lots 8 and 13, block 2, West End Mar> U
$1200.
Richard Graham to same, lot 13. block 3,
same; $10.
Thomas Murray to same, lot 11, block 2,
same: $1500.
Estate of Elizabeth Murray (by Thomas Mur
ray, administrator) to same, same; $1500.
Minnie M. Lillie to Solomon Get z. lot on NE
corner of L street and Forty-fifth avenue, E
57:6 by N 100; also lot on S line of J street,
22:6 \V of Sixteenth avenue. W 25 by S 100:
also lot on W line of Thirty-fifth avenui, 200
S of J street. S 25 by W 110; $10.
Same to George and Alice M. Edwards, lot
on E line of Minnesota street. 116:6 N of
Twenty-second. N 25 by E 100; grant.
Potrero Land and Improvement Company to
Peter and Annie Ward, lot on W line of Min
nesota street. 200 N of Twenty-second (Sierra).
N £0 by W 100; grant.
German Savings and Loan Society to Lea*
A. Dumouriez, lot on W line of Hyda street,
60 N of Filbert, N 77:6 by W 137:6; $19.
Christian E. Schemmel to Estelle M. Du
mont, lot on S line of Bush street. 69 E of
Grant avenue. E 34:0?s by S 60; $10. '
J'iim A. McCormldc to William McCormick.
lot on W line of Folsom street. 170 N of
Twenty- third. N 45 by W 12:6; $3000.
William Thomas to E. F. Williams, lot on E
lino of Noe street, 105 S of Ridley. S 23 by E
150; J3. , .
J<*n Stauffer to Katherlne Stauffer, lot on S
liae of Grove street. 181:3 E of Lyon. E 21:1%
tor S 112:6; gift.
Elizabeth Z: Boyakln to Henderson A. Boya
kin. lot on N line of Nineteenth street. 61:11
W. of Guerrero, W 20 by N 60; 110. "
Manraret and William McCormick to Kittle
E. Harlan (wife of Joseph S.). lot on W line
of Pierce street, 108:6 N of Fulton, N 29 by W
140; fro.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Patrick Kenny to Mary A. Leary (wife of
Daniel J.). lot on N line of Oak street. 165 E
of Webster, E 27:6 by N 1M; gift.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, JULY 22.
Flour, qr sks.... 18,474 Straw, tons ..... 5
Wheat, ctls . 1.140 Wool, bales 4?7
Barley, ctls . S.'SSU Hops, bales ..:.. • j
Oats, ctls 4;270 Chicory, bbte .... 25
Corn, ctls .....;. J20 Wine, gals 18,700
Sugar, ctls ...... 3,147 Leather, rolls .. 265
Beans, sks —410 Quicksilver, flsks 73
Onions, sks 695 Tallow, ctla ' 30
Potatoes, sks ... 7,038 Lime,- bbls 182
Middlings, sks. .. 817 Pelta. bdls 45
Bran, sks 4,995 Hldte, No 403
Hay, tons ....... 1,171
; . OREGON. ,
Flour, qr sks.... 1,6321
Flour, qr ska'.... 2,070 Wool, bales -91
. HAWAII. : •
"Wool, bales ..... /96f
. - ; EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 720(
COMMERCrAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eight.
MONDAY. July 23—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. i ' . Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 03 Justice 02 C-1
Alta. 04 C6;Kentucfe 01 C3
Andes ..-.:..... 03 C-i'Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher u liJMexican 15 16
Best & Belcher IS 20 j Occidental 03 C*
Bullion — 03Ophir 6S 7'J
CalsdonSa 36 3S!Ovennan 15 16
ClrAllinse Con.. 35 37!Potosi 07 T3
Cfe/ol!ar 07 C3iSavage C3 09
Cwifidence 1 40 1 43 Scorpion ., — C»
Con Cal & Va..2 00 2 05 Seg Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial... 02 03 Sierra Nevada. 17 19
Con New York. 01 02 Silver Hill 32 31
Crown Point... 11 12 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con ... 06 — Standard 3 55 3 Co
Exchequer — C2 Syndicate ./ 03 C7
Gould & Curry 12 U Union Con 13 11
Hale & Norc... 23 ai'TTtah 62 M
Julia — 02lYeIlow Jacket.. 25 23
CLQT3ING QUOTATIONS.
! 400 Con Cal & V.2 C2H «0 Silver Hill 30
' 7C0 Con Cal & Va..2 06 5C0 Union Con ..... 14
I 10O Confidence 140 5C0 Utah 03
J 20O Confidence 1 43 1400 Yellow Jacket.. 21
I 250 'Confidence ISO SCO Yellow Jacket.. 29
j 200 Confidence 1 85 11C0 Yellow Jacket.. ' 30
500 Confidence 1 75 18C0 Yellow Jacket.. 31
32CI> Con Imperial... 02 300 Yellow Jacket.. 2S
200 Crown Point... 11 200 Yellow Jacket.. 27
MO Crown Point... 13 ECO Yellow Jacket.. ZS
Afternoon Session.
1CM Belcher U| S00 Con Imperial... 02
SMO Belcher 12 10CO Crcwh Point..'. 11
¦400 Caledonia 88 200 Mexican 16
SOO Caledonia ....... 36 730 Ophir 68
-40O Challenge Con.. 38 100 Overman ..' 18
350 Challenge Con.. 37 S0O Savage OS
. 400 Chollar .' OS 50 Union Con ..... Ii
100 Confidence l K SO Yellow Jacket.. 26
300 Confidence \ 45 U09 Yellow Jacket.. 25
- £0 Confidence 1 50 1
THE- SAN FBANCISCO CALL,; TUESDAY^ JULY 23, 1901..
STOCK MARKET.
11
SAsi FRANCISCO, Cal.-*Notice is hereby given
; t-iat CHARLES ' H. - JACOB i of the firm of
CHARLES H. JACOB & CO.. funeral dlrec-
i tors , and . embalmers, , 313 '. Mason I street, has,
by order of court, bad his name chanctd to
CHARLES . H. J. ; TRUMAN. • by reason of
which ¦' the ¦ name of ¦" his . firm ; becomes
CHARLES H. , J. TRUMAN &¦ CO. • Under
' this name he continues to do business at the
. same place. Telephone > Main 5213. -
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
1 ' 27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167. V\
lUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMESS
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St., bet.
Taylor, and Jones. . Telephone South 576.
- (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBR3
20 Fifth st, opposite Lincoln School.
..... . .Telephone South 80.. .._..-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
M .9 y. 1 : V. __??__ }'° A * — Continued. j
TCcX furniture, piano*; no removal: money <
<jaick; lowcrt interest: easy terms; no broker-
ret: reliable party. 3170 Market St.. room 6S.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
vatches. Jtwefry. W. J. IIESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
hiKhrM prire for old irc!d. silver, diamonds.
MONEY loaded Ff.lariM people xvlthoui rccurity.
HILL. rr.i. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
riCAL direct: furniture, pianos; no removal:
Sow rate; strictly private. Lick. 716 McAllister.
2"> cm furniture and pianos: ?li up: no removal:
no couim'.ESicn; private. Room SL 6 Eddy st.
ON Fa!arie« or tst.jtfs: no irdorser required. S.
r. DISCOUNT AGEXCT. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS meney en salary? no indorser: Eastern
Vlan. Western Lean Co.. CCS Phelan bldg.
Jlffi.<fO TO Ioi>n on zeal estate or for building;
low j-ate. £22 San'ome ft., room 2.
TIJK Tru^ley Company; Joans and discounts
":i Parroit L-uilains.
CASH loaned to falaried people on note without
!"^ nr^r. MORRKLL. CM R*amin«r building.
• MOXEV WASTED.
¦'YANTKD— Loan of JiO.OCO; secured by real
"ftatc-: money required to improve property
¦A.idrprs box SES2. Call office. '
HL«ICAIi INSTROIEXTS. _
A LOW price for a piano :s whpt makes quick
sales; what do you want better than J75 or
JIM or S1J0? Tliafs whet we are offering
THE, EEEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7C3 Mar-
ke 1 . Et
A PIANO can be rentrni from us and the rent
applied on its purchase: you can rent a
Decker if you want to; we sell on payments
tlif.t W.U soon maUe tlie pUno yours. THE
I ZE2SO MAUVAISJJUSIC CO.. JQ Market tt.
THE TTILHT B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market. S. F.
tBrar.ch £11 Eroadway. Oakland.)
We rell the popular pianos of the day— Steck,
Everett. Packard. Conover. Hardman. Ludwip.
r- . Baldwin, Vallpy Gem. Smith & Barnes, tlar-
rir.trton. Kinprsbury. Jcwett and Straube.
Tou eannot afford to buy n. ; la no until you
tee THE WHJET B. ALLEN CO.
ALL pianos purchased cf SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be «xrhs;r.pe<l fcr a new Stelnway
uprigbt cr baby grpnd piano any tline within
S years frnm d?.te of rurchas?, and have full
price allowed. New upright piano*. $6 per
month; Rome good p'anos sold for 13, %i am!
jr, per month. SHEHMA.V. CLAY & CO..
Fteinway dealer?, corner Kearny a«d Eutter
*=tsr. Fan Francisco: corner Broadway and .
Thirteenth Ft. Oakland. ¦ -
A BCBTOXEE awaits all who «re interested In
the self-p'.ay'ng piano: the Cecilian is the lat-
est and Letn : ycu are Invited to our daiiy
concerts. BYRON MATTZY, 301 Post et..
Vnion ptjuare, sole agents former & Co.,
Byron Mauzy. Gab'.er, Lester, Hamilton and
Spielman pianos. • j
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
¦within 3 years and full purchase price al-
. lrw^d on a new peerlers Knabe at regular
price; costs ycu only s£e a day to buy a
piano frcm us. KOKLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st. ; established lSjg... .
A LIST of fine s=econd-hantl bargains— 1 Eaier-
*on, 1 Hallet & Davix. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling. $75. J123. Jl».". etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O Farrell St..
Chickerin.e. Vote. Btecttag Agency; also
Apollo, king cf eelf-piayrs.
ALL mikoj; great bargain: J50 up; rents K
ur> allowed; we want agents; pianos furnished
free: you Ret first money Ti-hen you eelL '
HEINE PIANO CO.. J17 Geary st.
JAS. KEEFFE'S piano warerooms now per-
manently located at 22 Turk Et.. near Junc-
tion Mason. Market & Turk: larsrest in city.
ANOTHER clear.ing-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price: S6 installments; no re-
eerve. WILSON'S STORA<«i:. ITCS Market st.
PIANOS JT5 up; Hartman. $1CO; Chickering.
S150; Nieuman. $150. W. C. HAMILTON, i
' Flood building.
J2 B.t RENTS a fine upright piano: a few lert.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes Bt.
BIG bargain in elegant standard upright
piano; party leaving. B19 Eddy. nr. Larkln.
rTvTO upright pianos left on Bale; Fisher, $95;
Chickering, $1£5. Room 38. 217 Geary st.
GOOD reennd-hand upright for sale cheap.
PCHMTTZ, 16 McAllister Bt.
A SPLENDID Stein way: uprights. $100; pianos
rented 12 upward. BRUENN. 20S Post at.
A LARGE lot of eecond-har.d upright pianos
for Bale cheap. HORNUNGS. 216 McAllister.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Me- j
Allister st.
STTPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. j
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. »
OFFICES A3VD STORES TO LET. !
PACIFIC, "28— Handsome large Btore. reduced
to J22; also 810 Sansome, store, rent S6.
LIGHT, cheerful offices ; J15 and $20. Emma
SnrorkPis building. <CT Market gt.
OIL.
FOR eale — A lease on proven territory adjoin-
ing the San Joaquin Co. Apply 474 Par-
rott bids.
CALISTOGA Oil end Development Company,
cp?rat'n£ en 2120 acres of oil land In nine
districts. Off.ce, 23 and 24 Merchants* Ex.
OIL taziks. eecosd hand, in good order; all
tizeg; cheap. H. ST WHITE. fil« Mission st.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 BO up; tinting done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; tel. Red 352L
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good, reli-
able work. Cla;k's. SOS Larkln: tel. Larkln 1060.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. LAM IS. ecientinc palmist; head and face
reading; lessons given. C17 Jones st.
ilME. GERMAINE, the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast: 1 to 5. 906 Market st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor et.. bet. G>ary and Post: tel. Black 56L
PERSONALS.
—THE EPWORTH LEAGUE-
LADIES and GENTLEMEN— YOU are In-
vited to the parlors of the BOHEMIAN DER-
MATOLOGY. 1S1 PoEt. R. 3, for your sham-
poo, 25c; GRAY hair restored. HAIR grown
on bald heads. PIMPLES, freckles, facial
tilemiEhes removed: figures trained; IM-
PORTED French preparations used exclu'ly.
A— EPWORTH Leaguers' downtown meeting
place at the Eon-Ton at S24 Post st., near
Powell. Luxurious reading-room; writing
facilities. Dainty tea served every afternoon.
Everything free. Manicuring, hairurcsslng or
baths, 2oc. All visitors welcome.
ITLCERS CURED— TTlcerlne (a. new discovery),
a product of the Philippine Islands, will posi-
tively cure ulcers of the leg; no detention
from business: consultation free at our office.
fLCERINE CO.. 40 Ellis St.. rooms IS and IS;
take elevator.
OUR nerr book free, sealed, fuily illustrated,
treats all conditions of men, how to attain
"Perfect Manhood;" Ffcould be in the hands
cf every male adult. Address EKIK
MEDICAL CO.. "Rook Dept," Buffalo, N. V.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
or. DR. G m S MOOnri, 4SS Ocary st., and you
will not be disarpoir.ted; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation tent to all
.parts of the world; rail cr send for circular.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester I
Hotel, 44 Third el., near Market: 700 rooms; I
l£c to $1 50 per right; U SO to (6 rer week; i
free 'bus and Largage to and from the ierry.
Jl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, S13 i:p: fire drcsr suits, $29 up; ele-
ment cverccaTs. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market rt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
"WHITE er.i-r.fl iron bed>. Fing'.e, three-ouarter
<T double. SI K. EASTEHV OUTFITTING
CO.. 1Z1O-1Z12 Stockton ft . rear Uroadway.
PRIVATE detfrctive \rork; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. U. RAY. K$ Mission st.
SURE cure for «f.hma: lnrtant relief and posl-
ti\-e cum. Rox £947. Call office.
EFAJffXSH kcaom pivon by a native Spanish
trach-r. U2 McAllister et.
ALFI5EDIMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
fczlr to Its natural color: Jl; at all druggist*.
SUPERFLUOUS h&ir and moles destroyed with
flcrtrlc r.eed>. MIPS EATON. 1119 Sutter sL
TAILOn msrte rult*. 57 Dfl; drees pant*. 12 60.
Misfit Clothinr Parlor. cor.:-Bu*h End Dupont.
OLD coic, f liver, diamonds and precious stones
-"•Ixrorht jr. R. JENKEL, S17 Market et.
JI-Afe^UErtAnr: c*tum*». pl«y books. Trl«r«;
_ « wictry order*. / <;OLDSTEIX & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ER. LAMOTTK-iTl rrr.TnCcrn Paint, the btit
<"><r. euro; 1>; ail «1»tH.'g:g». :
**hvsicia.\>» axd sriiteEorvs.
DR. C. C 0-TCNNELL^O?ncrand~re»rdence]
Id &.ark> -t n.. between Sixth and Seventh.
UR. WONG HIM. herb doetcr. Buccossfully
treats ,r)| discase* of the tinman body: see*
testimonials at office, lli-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A r;P?,-. WOX(; V -'OO. bM-iTdort'o.-: sanitarium"
.(4-,(K Clay f t. : fr f) , ie<tirnott[al)i at office.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst; many who have Buffered 20 to 30 years;
over £0 names of prominent business men
rent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
fleJay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box' MM Call
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfarn. ¦
LAGUN.A,' 1131. opposite Jefferson .square — Nice
elegantly furnished large rooms. • , :. v ¦
MARKET/ 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished roorr.a, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished: private; bath: single rooms $10 up.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1275—4 furnished rooms. . parlor, 2
front, 2 rear; can arrange for housekeeping.,
N ATOM A, 2S4, near Fourth-r4 rooms, with.sep-
arate yard and water; rent $9. ,., . ¦ . ¦
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny .furnished rooms and
offices; elevator;- elec. lights; day, week, mo.
OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell— Furnished «ront suite
. and aingle - rooms, $3 week up; transient.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies', par-
lor; rooms, per night, 33c to $1 50; week, '$2 to
$8; month. ?8 to $30; elevator on ground-floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. •
SHERMAN -Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHIPLEY, 249— Sunny furnished rooms; private
family; for gentleman or lady. ;
STOCKTON, 322— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms.; run. water; baths; ithone; cheap.
THE Bachelor, 18 Mason St.— 100 furnished
rooms, 50c up; elevator: electric Iight3 in
every room; return call bells; first-class;
newly furnished and renovated; central;
quiet; gentlemen only. .¦
$1 A WEEK— Sunny furnished room; also one
front room, closet, bath, $1 20. 834 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements arid subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore tt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -
ROOMS AKD BOARD.'
U^^lU^LliiD^TuniislieT^o^^
Oakland; unsurpassed family, table, 25c per
meal; $4 per week: every accommodation and
attention. 1103% Broadway, cor. Twelfth St.,
third flat, Oakland. • .. . y
ALMORA, Twentlath and Mission; warm belt;
new management; modern; sunny rooms; ta-
ble board; unexcelled. Tel. Church 1181.
CALIFORNIA, 807 — Stevenson mansion: select
. family hotel ;exceptlonal table attractive rms.
THE HEATH.312 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single ;excellent cuisine.
THE Victor,*1006 Pine — New Management; thor-
oughly renovated; sunny suites with board.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 V Sutter— Newly furnished; |
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
PINE, 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms.sInRle and en suite; beautiful grounds.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
BOARD and rooms wanted for family " of
four adults near Park Panhandle. Address,
giving terms and location. Box 4457. Call. ,-
SPECIAL NOTICES. -
LADIES— Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars, "Relief for
Ladies" in letter by return mail; at drug-
glsts." Chichester Chemical Co., Phlladel., Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10, tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 514 Plne. x
SEWING BIACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented. ¦ exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mi»
slon Ft.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.-
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rafes.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture -Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore 'st. ; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GRRA?^ARGA^N¥TN^TiplEV?RliT^^£^We '
selPbetter machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The. Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work in sight. CUTTER
• TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 48S5:
HARTFORD typewriters; new. $60; anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
PROPOSALS. '
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. ' Navy Department.
Washington, D. C until 12 o'clock noon. July
' 30, 1901, and publicly opened immediately
thereafter, to furnish for the U. S. Navy a
quantity of steel plates, shapes, billets, forg-
ings and rivet 6teel. Blank proposals will be
furnished upon application to the Bureau or
to the Navy Pay Office, San Francisco, Cal.
A. S. KENNY, Paymaster General, U. S. N.
6-29-01. ¦ . ¦•¦
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licensea were issued
yesterday: . ¦
Joseph H. Ronan, 29, Oakland, and Alice T.
McKeown, 24, city, , ¦ - .
James H. Lawrence, 70, 1220 Sutter street,
and Mary V. Lawrence, 60, 1450 Leavenworth.
Ferdinand Miller. 39, 118 Sixth street, and
Llle Ward. 29. 59 Silver street.
Eugene M. Arnhold, 35, 417 Minna street, arid
Wilhelmine Renken, 22, San Jose avenue and
Twenty-ninth 'street. •--'•.
Edwin N. Bowen, 34, Spokane, Wash., and
Adelaide A. Slater, 24, city.
Jerome H. O'Brien, 33, city, and Mary T.
Clancy, 20, city. .
Charles G. Tingle, 24, Vallejo, and Mabel S.
Alexander, 21, Los Angeles.
Frederick W. Keisker. 30, Fresno, and Abble
Milburn, 30. Fresno. . . ¦•.
Philip Relber, 40, 822' Howard street, and
Mary Suter, 40, 822 Howard street.
; Howard B. Wade. 24, 808 California street,
and Mabel K. Christopher, 21, 2528 Post street.
Ernest O. Engdahl, 21, 1026 Treat , avenue, and
Bessie Petersen, 18, 1436 Fifteenth' avenue.
Frank E. Barucht, 23, Greeley, Colo., and
Rose M. Haffner, 23, Harbor Springs, Mich.
Thomas G. Gwynne, 33, Everett, Wash., and
Bertha C. Lowery, 24, Austin, Texas.- -
¦ Manuel V. Junior, 22, 65 Jackson street, and
Gloria Rodgers, 16, 210 Drumm street. ,
Thomas S. Williams, 21, 1614 Vallejo street,
and Ellen E. Ewlng, 21, 2221 Scott street. -
Glenn M. Bright. 22. 710 Octavia street, and
Roberta Knowles. 22, 2405 Eighteenth street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS;
Birth, marriage . and death notices sent by
maii will not be inserted. They nlust be handed
in at either of the , publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. -
MESSE— In this city, July 16, 1901, to the wife
of G. ' W. Messe, a daughter.
VERWOERT— In Oakland. ? Cal. , July 21. 1901,
to the wife of C. H. M. Verwoert, a son. .
MARRIED. —
BANKS— STULZ— In this city, July 20, 1901.
by the Rev. F. Bonn, William Edward Banks
and Amelia Stulz, both of San Francisco.
BRAUCHT— HAFFNER— In this city, July 22,
19G1, by the . Rev. Dr. Buckbee, Frank E
Braucht of Colorado and Rose M. Haftner of
''Michigan. '.\.. • •' • ' .
KEISKER— MILBURN— In this city, July 2'
1901, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson!
Frederick William Keisker and Abbie Mil-
burn, both of Fresno. : . .-, .^ .
PRICE— SMITH— In this" city. July 19, j 1901 by
. the Rev. Dr. John j A. B. Wilson, Albert
Franklin Price of Riverton, El Dorado
County, Cal.,' and Sophia Julia Smith of
Macon, Ga. ' • ¦ -
VAIR— TRECARTIN— In this city, July 16
1601, at Howard-street M. E. Church, by the
Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Hugh Milton
Vair of Jackson. Amador County, Cal.: and
Alberta • Trecartln of . Boston, Mass.
DIED. ~~"
Aaron, : Hannah Levy, Adolph
Arata, Frank . Lewis, Mrs. :
Austermuhle,* Charles MacDonald. Alice H
Armstrong, Sarah McDonald. Martha E.
- Ah Lee •'.-¦.. " McGllvary, James B
Bayley, Henry B. Miller, John ;
' Brennan. Rev. John Morris, Francia
Bristol. Mrs. Jane K. Nager, Joseph A.
Cleary, Hannan -¦- • Nolan, Sara M.
• Cooper, Dr. Chaa. E. O'Brien, TVPatrlck '
-¦ Daly, _ Eugene .. : Rosengarten, Emil A.
Ellert, L. R. ¦ » Shea, Edward i
Evans. A- Milton , Stark, John F.
Foeel, Morris - s Thompson, Jeremiah
Gansberg; F.J. A. ¦ Vidak, ¦. Antone '
' Genovesaa. Geseflno "Wilson, John T.
Hall. Alice B. Wolff, Meyer .
Isaacs, Minnie • : .
AARON— In this city,- July _• 22, . 1901, Hannah
beloved daughter of Joseph and Rebecca
Aaron, and sister of Frances, Oscar, Alfred
Robert and Gustav Aaron, >: Mrs. Carrie
Adams and Mrs. Rosie Bockman, a native of
San Francl8co,_aged 21 years 4 months and 1
day. . '¦ ' . ¦ . K. "¦' ¦ ¦-¦ ' ¦ V ¦¦'*-'¦ ¦¦; -v
ARATA— In this city, July 21, 1901, • Frank, be-
loved husband of Maria Arata, father of Mrs '
Charles F. Grondona, brother of James Arata
.: of Cincinnati, ; Ohio, and Louis ¦ and < Joseph
. Arata of Antioch, Cal., v and father-in-law of
..•Charles . F.j Grondona, a native -of- Orero,
' I ta| y- aged 65 years. ->¦-¦, • , ¦ . .
¦• (C7" Notice of funeral hereafter. Please omit
BERKELE Y ADVRRTiSEMNTS.
jHEJtUvELEY^I^L^ESJT^TJS^,
$725— UC0 CASH, balance $10 per month; 5
rooms.:' well and tank; lot 50x130: chicken i
housw and yardj 2 blocks to cars. W. C. •
• MORAN & CO. " . : .
$8000— THE grandest' investment in Berkeley;
18 rooms completely furnished. and all rented;
lot 5Cxl55; only 2 blocks to university grounds;
rooms never empty; house and lot worth more
than this without furniture. W. C. MORAN
& CO.
$150 TO $500— Acre lots. W. C. MORAN. & CO.
$500— WHEELER Tract lots. W. C. MORAN
& CO.
$22OO-$30O CASH, balance $20 per month; street"
work -all done; 1 block from Berryman sta-
tion; 6 large rooms and bath; fine mantel:
stationary tubs; grand view. W. C. MORAN
& .CO.
$2750— NEW 6-room cottage; $400 down, balance
$20 per month; 2 blocks .from Berryman sta-
. tion; street work all done; fine neighborhood.
W. C, MORAN & CO.. Lorin. and Schmidt
block, Berkeley. N • .
BE YOUR OWN LANDLORD.
Cottage. 6 rooms, in good condition; conve-
nient to station; large lot; mlndmill and
tank; good water; barn and chicken house;
price $11CO; $100 down, $12 50 per month.
HOME REALTY CO. ',
GENUINE bargain — Modern 2-story house of (
rooms, bath, etc., on fine corner; central loca-
tion; 2 blocks from station; lot 40x130; about
1Q minutes' walk to university; price $2000;
$130 down, balance J20 per month. -HOME
REALTY CO. ¦ ';
OWNER must sell; make offer — New modern
lVfc-story house, 6 rooms, bath, etc.; conveni-
ent to station and stores; lot 40x117; price
$1800; $100 down, $17 50 per month. HOME
REALTY CO. -..--..)
NEW stylish up-to-date house of 8 rooms and
bath; high basement; 3 minutes' walk to
local, half block to electric cars; price $.2000;
$200 down, balance flS monthly.
Take Berkeley train, get off at "Lorin sta-
* tion. Office west side of railroad tracks. Open
• Sundays. HOME REALTY CO..
Formerly RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON.
NEW 7-room. 2-story colonial house; large
rooms; fine mantel; electric fixtures; porce-
lain bath, laundry tubs; all fine open plumb-
ing; right up to date; only 2 minutes to R.
R. station; lot 40x100; price $2400. For terms
call on J. R. PERKINS, Lorin station,
Berkeley.
CALL and see the 2 new 6-room cottages I
am building; high basement; mantel; all the
latest plumbing; well, tank and .windmill;
10 minutes to R. R. station;, price only $1400;-
S100 cash; balance on easy payments. J. R.
PERKINS, Lorin station, Berkeley.
FINE, new, up-to-date 8-room, 2-story colonial
house, porcelain bath, electric fixtures, man-
tel; a fine, convenient home for somebody;
price $2500 for cash, or will exchange for
country or San Francisco property. J. R.
PERKIN3. Lorin station, Berkeley, formerly
Oellerich & Perkins.
No. 14S — $SCO0; 18 rooms: house new and newly
furnished; one of the finest boarding-
houses in town; one block from U. C.
grounds; the house is full of boarders
at present.
No. 163 — $5500; 14-room house; rented for 2 years
at $50 per month; this is a good invest-
' ment.
No. 1S5— $2200; new 6-room house; cement walks.
No. 194— $50C0: 10-room house; south front; lot
50x130.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH.
Opp. First National Bank, Berkeley.
OAKLAND --ADTERTKEMENT& '
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$230 CASH, $7 monthly — 4-room cottage; good
well of water: small barn, chicken shed and
run; 3 fine lots, 75x100; picket fence; excellent
soil; charming vlaw; best climate; near two
electric car lines; 90- foot boulevard and model
school-house; away from cold winds and fog; ¦
90 families have located here within 3 years;
price, all told. $850. Call or send for circulars,
455 Seventh- st., Broadway station, Oakland.
H. Z. JONES, owner.
$300 CASH. $20 monthly: up-to-date, modern 2-
story house of 9 rooms; all conveniences;
large lot, 150 feet deep, on Fruitvale ave. ; no
fogs nor raw winds; a lovely home at a bar-
gain; price all told, $2750; will make terms
to suit or discount for cash. 455 Seventh st..
opposite Broadway station, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
fZiib— 7-ROOM cottage and bath; nice garden
end fruit trees; near Adellne-st. station;
choicest neighborhood. KOENIG & KROLL,
¦ 1006 Broadway. ' r
$1400— INCbilE 12%; flats; always rented; con-
venlent to local station. KOENIG & KROLL,
10C6 Broadway.
$775 'WILL buy a ¦ 4-room cottage with base-
ment; good lot; convenient to cars and train;
. terms to suit. Address at once box 2283, Call,
office. Oakland.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BROADWAY, 410-412— The most elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms in locality; single and
housekeeping; rents reasonable; first-class at-
tention.
BUENA VISTA ave., 449, near Frederick St.—
5 fur. or unfur. rooms or more; stable; tel.
CAPP, 614—2 large sunny rooms furnished com-
pletely for housekeeping.
EDDY, 939— Floor of 4 nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms: private residence; no children.
EDDY, 933—3 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
all conveniences: private residence; no chll-
flren.
FOLSOM, 834— $1 50 a week;/sunny housekeep-
ing room, stove, closets; private; bath.
FOLSOM, 1001, corner Sixth— 2 nice rooms lor
housekeeping reasonable to nice people.
FOURTH, 225— Nice front room, suitable for 3
gentlemen or man and wife; with kitchen.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 847— To let, desirable
• suite; housekeeping; newly furnished.
HAIGHT, 222— Two perfectly appointed house-
keeplng rooms for couple; telephone; refs. •
HOWARD, 728, nr. 3d— A front single room;
also housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD, 761%— Sunny suite neatly furnished;
man and wife; kitchen; other rooms.
HYDE, 412— Sunny unfurnished parlors and al-
cove; also basement suite of 2 or 3 rooms.
MCALLISTER, 2000, corner Central ave— 2 sun-
ny rooms furnished for housekeeping; sink;
$10; also 2 housekeeping rooms.: $7 per mo.
MISSION. 2512— Three sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping; stove; use *of bath.
NEW modern apartment house; suites 2. .8 and
. 6 rooms for housekeeping; electric lights; gas
•ranges; baths. The Malar Flats, 531 Turk st.
NICE front sunny rooms, furnished complete
• for housekeeping; rent $S to- $9 per month.
, Apply at 'shoe store. 563 Mission st.
fOAK, 119 — Two front basement rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping; yard; running
water; $10. . . ' .
OCTAVIA, 1403— Sunny bay-window room and
kitchen; gas stove;' rooms partly furnished;
cheap. . ,
POLK, 1002— 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping, $15 up; reference.
POWELL, 415%— Two . unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; in the rear.
VALENCIA, 1232— Housekeeping rooms, bath,
gas. stove, alcove, furnished. Call at 6 p. m.
WILLOW ave.. 10. off Larkln. near Eddy— 2
rooms furnished for gen.-hskpg; no children.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. ¦ 148 Sixth— Rooms,'
• 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all. night.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day. family .hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms. 60c up; meals. 25c; free coach.
ARLINGTON House, 112 Kearny St.— Pleasant
. sunny rooms. \,\_ -. y,
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms, newly
renovated; 25c to $1 night; phone Black 4915.
BRODERICK, 131L bet. Geary and O'Farrell—
-Three unfurnished rooma suitable for light
housekeepinr. ' • • .
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CHESTNUT, 292— Two nicely furnished sunny
' rooms,
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. -
EDDY, 210— Parlor suite for, doctor or rrofe*-
(•ional man; also single and double ' rooms.
GEARY, 1012— One sunny furnished room with
use of telephone 1 . ¦¦ - . . ¦
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), .24 Turk
st., nea,r Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly. flrst-class;
- r>0c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
JONES, 321, near Elli*-Sunny suite of rooms;
all conveniences; also single rooms; reason-
able. . ¦.-¦ , / ¦¦•'•',"¦!¦-
KEARNY, 34, and 47. Post— Offices or sunny
¦ furnished rooms; en suite or v slngle.
tn ii .¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I ilwAi imiiiaTrainJ ¦ 1 ¦ n ~*- fc r*^,^^ w .C-JCBP.glga ¦&]??¦ *.
BALDWIN & HOWELU ~ ~~ " ;
10 Montgomery . Street.
PARK LODGE CORNER.
PARK. 11 PARK -
STANYAN STREET.
m~ ; ~
. ' O
S . K \
v 3 >
i %
H '
.' *'.
\ -' ¦ '
PRICE ONLY 115.000.
Sire 100x100 feet.
' $6500- RENTS Ji6.
vicinity of Filbert and Mason sts.; lot 23x120
to > alparaiso st. ; 3 separate flats and house of
6 rcorrs and bath. . *'
GROVE-STREET INVESTMENT. .
J"7;.0— Rents $S0 per month; Grove St.. near
>.ew City Hall; lot 25x120 to rear street; front
and rear flats. - • "
LARKIN-STREET FLATS.
$6150— Rents $62 10 per month; 3 separate flats
of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; always rented;
well located; must be sold. -
ELLIS-STREET RESIDENCE. . <
fNiCO — Eliis st., near jFMerce; house of 10 rooms
and bath; lot 27:6x137:6.
UAKER-STREET CHEAP FLATS.
?«000 — Two flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each; lot 25xS2:6; rents $41 50; near California.
ONLY $1CO CASH— BALANCE MONTHLY.
New modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath:
j high basement; porcelain bath 'and sink; ce-
. rcent trays; large lot; double frontage, size 25x
j J?.."; Silver ave. ;. 1 block from illssion-st. elec-
tric cars: price only $1500.
; HAYES-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
. $21,EC0— Not far from Market st.; large lot to
! rear street; 37x120; stores and flats; rents well.
| NINTH-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY,
i SGCM-Only $2000 cash: lot 25x100; house of 9
rooms and bath: near Kolsom st.
SACRIFICE— OAK-STREET FLATS.
.SCK'O— Owner anxious to sell; 2 modern flats
cf 6 rooms and bath each; high basement; Oak
sL, near Buchanan: can be had at a bargain.
ONLY $1S5O— COTTAGE.
$1S5O — Turk-st. cottage of- 4 rooms and base-
ment; rents $11 per month; lot 21x137:6.
CORNER STORE AND FLAT.
1 J7500— Corner McAllister and Stanyan sts.;
store and 5 rooms and bath below; upper flat of
9 rooms and bath; old established grocery and
$12,000-RENTS J110 PER MONTH.
[ *12.GC0— Shrader et., near Haight ; 4 separate
: flats; rents 5110 per month; large lot 40x106:3.
¦ MISSION COTTAGE— $1200.
I JirOO— l-room cottage on Diamond Et., near
• Twentieth: lot 27:6x100. : v
DOWN-TOWN MODERN FLATS.
$2L COO— Rents $2160 per year; lot 27:6x120 to
rear street: modern building of 3 flats; near
O°>"arrell and Larkln sts.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, • ¦
10 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE
BY
TKO1IAS MAGEE & SONS.
Real Estate Agents,
a Montgomery st.
HOUSES AND LOTS. AND LOTS NORTH
OF MARKET AND EAST OF LARKIN.
Bush st.. near Leavenworth; 30x137:6, with
well-built residence; can easily and at reason-
able expense be changed into flats; $11,000.
Elegants corner residence: 137:6x137^: very
fine view Jon west, south and east; surrounded
' by very solid wall; one of the cheapest prop-
erties in the city; one block from Hyde-st.
cars; $25,000.
llontgomery-st. corner, near Clay; 37:6x137:6,
with eolid 3-story brick building; rents $190,
vacant S50, total $240;
Lot northwest corner Leavenworth: 137:6 ft.
front: suitable for houses or flats; $17,000.
Corner Jones st., near AVashington; 50, 75 or
100xl37:ti; cheap.
Taylor-st. Investment, near Post; 40-foot
front; rents $107 50.
Flfty-vara, cor. Pine; fine location for flats.
Fine location on Nob Hill; lot is 62:6x60, and
house: very cheap.
Beautiful home on a northeast corner, "Ox
137:6, fcr $40,000. »
Pacific-st. fiats, near Taylor; rents $27; al-
ways rented; J30CO. • -\
O'Farrell-st. lot, near Hyde, with 2-story and
basement building: rent $40; $S000.
Corner Larkin and Francisco: 50-vara; Lar-
kin st. graded; $7500.
On Montgomery st. ; 3-story brick building;
50:9x127:6; $15,000.
Jones St., near Chestnut; 2-story in flats;
J3600.
$3000: 31:6x60; near Powell and Clay, on Wet-
more place; cottage, 5 rooms.
Stockton st.; 66x130; rents $150; cheap.
¦ Bay St.; 2-story house; 23:6x137:6; $2000; near
Hyde st.
I Tenement house on Midway at.; rents $33 a
month; $2600.
Sutter-st. investment; 32:6 feet front: 3-
[ story brick building with basement and eleva-
I tor; rents $200.
i Corner Francisco and Powell; 50xS7:6; rents
?25; only $5000.
CHEAP HOMES.
New Sunny Houses.
$500 Cash, Balance Monthly.
Only 20 minutes' ride from New City Hall.
Cottage, 5 rooms and bath $2250
Lot 65 ft. front.
Cottage, E rooms and bath $2500
Corner lot. 65x60.
House, 8 rooms and bath. $2900
Corner lot, 40x85.
Choice location. Market-st. extension, be-
tween ISth and 19th sts.
Particulars HOOKER &. LENT,
14 Post st.
$6500 — TERMS to suit; handsomely decorated
sunny 10-room residence; substantially built,
finished by day work; every possible latest im-
provement: heaters, registers, 6 basins, plate
and art glass windows; marine & park view;
the choicest of any near panhandle; large lot
16:6x100; Fulton st., nr. Shrader: Hayes or
McAllister st. cars; open from 11 to 4:30.
CONSULTATION FREE.
We will advise you how to buy and advise
you how to sell, how to put bad tenants out
of your property without expense and collect
your rents. HEALY & GILLESPIE, 630
Market et., opp. Palace Hotel.
$COCO — MAKE offer; nice home of 6 rooms and
bath in best portion of Pacific Heights; lot 23x
127:8',; : no agents. Address box 3889. Call.
FOR SALE — Elegant home lot in suburbs of
city; select investment. N. R.. box 3964. Call.
A SACRIFICE— $1000; 4 lots in West Berkeley,
cor. Bancroft and Seventh. ..Call at. 311 Bat-
tery St., city.
COTTAGE cheap; monthly installments same
as rent. Apply corner Alabama and Mont-
calm Pts. ___^
$2750— BUYS property with restaurant, 4 rooms
and bath in rear, etc. 514 Central ave.
REAL ESTATE — COUJfTRY — For Sal*
$5000— 2£ ACRES: fine paying home in Callstoga;
3 acres In fruit; 40 tons prunes raised last
year: soil black loam; abundance of good
water; rood house. 8 rooms and bath; wind-
mill and tank: barn full\of hay; fruit house,
fhop. etc.: fruit trays. * grader, etc; two
horses; Jersey cow; chickens, etc. For further
particulars address box 86, Calistoga, Cal.
FOR 6ALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Fmall tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Ootati Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California Bt, for pam-
phlets or information.
POULTnY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free lltt. C. R. •WINFIELP. Petaluma. CaL,
ROSS A" ALLEY REAL ESTATE. :
r"o.SS^ VALLEY— Large new modern dwelling
near station: 8 acres with trees and garden;
I for sale or Jeaie. JAMES TUNSTEAD, San
: Ar.gelmo.
11KAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE. \
25 HOUSES and lots from $100 to $20. 000;
ranches, all sizes, from $4C0 to $40,000; 25
stores and business places, $50 to $6000. To
buy, sell or exchange <• anything see H. ,C.
PECKER. 1C20 Market et.
REAL ESTATES WANTED.
WANTED— By responsible parties,*' ranch on
share*. Call cr address 407 Thlrty.-ejghth et.,
Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA EUR>'ISIUD COTTAGES.
FOlT rent^In Alameda. furnished cottage. 7
rooms; two baths; apply mornings. . ' 171J,
Chapinst., Mastick station. -"T
BERKELEY- ADVERTISEMENTS
HERKEIEV REAL ESTATE.
$S0O— PRETTY 4-room cottage; flowers and
trees; a snap.
$1250 — 6-room cottage; high basement; good lot.
$2000— "-room house and bath; street work all
done; grand view; a bargain.
jrsoo— Modern cottage of 6 rooms, etc.; street
work all done: near cars.
$3200 — Pretty 5-room modern home; improved
street. '
J37BO— Modern up-to-date home; near college;
large lot; street Improved.
$COCO— Fine new home in scenic park. ';<v.;/ ;
MAY & MORTIMER. Berkejey Station.
ONLY $2750 — New . 7-rooro houses, complete In
every particular, containing window shade
combination fixtures and the Sunlight water
heater, enabling you to 'get hot water at any
time during the day or night without .fire;
on the ninny iHe of street and near the
cars. Apply to JOSEPH . J. . MASON. Real
Estate, Berkeley: itatlon.
THOMPSON— In thia city," July 21, 1901. Jere-
miah O. Thompson, .beloved cousin of David
and Jacob Thompson, Mrs. • Abble Keating.
Mrs. Minnie Hurston and Mrs. Ada Jones, a
native of California, aged 32 years and 10
¦ -months. - ";>„»
' ETTriends end arauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his uncle, ¦ David S. Thoirjwon. 696
Twenty-fifth street, Oakland. Interment
; Mountain View. Cemetery, Oakland.
VIDAK-In this city. .July 21. 19C1. Antone,
son of -Peter and Geve Vidak, a native of
' San Francisco, aged 4 years.
WILSON— At - the residence of his daughter,
471 Fourteenth street, July . 22. 1901, at 6:30
p. m., John T. Wilson, aged 71 years 3
months and 28 day3.
Ey Interment private.
WOLFF— In this city. July 21." 1901. Meyer,
beloved husband of Gussle Wolff, father of
Tillie. Rosie, Bertie. Joe and Beckie Wolff,
and Irother of Benjamin Wolff and Mrs. D.
Marks, a ¦ native of Austria, aged . 40 years
and 5 months. (New York City papers please
copy.) ¦— .. - - ...
¦ E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 631 Stevenson street, and thence by
11:30 o'plock train to New Salem. Cemetery
for Interment. . ¦ •
AUSTERMUHLE-In the City and County
Hospital, July 21,- 1901, Charles Austermuhle,
. a native 'of Germany, aged 55 years.' " • ¦'
ARMSTRONG— In the City and County Hospi-
tal," July 21.1901. Sarah Armstrong, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 58 years. *
AH LEE— In the City and County Hospital,
July 22 t 1901, Ah Lee, a %iative of China,
ased 40 years.
BAYLEY— In the City and - County Hospital.
July 22, 1901, Henry E. • Bayley, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 22 years. ;. .
BRENNAN— There will be a solemn requiem
mass for the soul -of the Rev. John Brennan
In St. Patrick's Church to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 10 o'clock. , "•
BRISTOL—In this city, July 22, 1901, Mrs. Jane
Knox Bristol, beloved mother of Helen G,,
Maud K. and Robert D. Bristol, a native of
Epsom, N. H. (Concord, N. . H... papers
please copy.) ' -' ¦ ..
[E5"Funeral to-morrow ("Wednesday), from
her late residence, "724 Turk- street, at 2:30
¦• .
CLEAR Y— In this ' city, July 22, 1901, Hannah
Cleary, beloved mother of John-F. Cleary,
Mrs. Mary 'McArdle and Mrs. Alice Carmody,
a native of Tallow, County* Waterford, Ire-
land, aged 82 years and 2 months. v ¦.¦¦¦ =
CTPYiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral Thursday.
July 25, at 8:30 o'clock, from the -residence of
J her daughter, Mrs. Alice Carmody, 628 Jessie
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing' at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
> Kindly omit flowers. -
COOPER— In thia city, July 21, 1901, Dr.
Charles Eben Cooper, beloved husband, of
Minnie S. Cooper, father of Sidney Bruc.e
and Helen S. Cooper, son of Nancy and the
late E. Bruce Cooper,' and brother of Mrs.
W. C. Maull and Frank W. Darling, ' a native
of Sacramento, aged- 39 years and 8 months.
(C?"Friend3 are invited to attend the funeral
services this day (Tuesday),- at 1:30 o'clock,
at the First Presbyterian Church, corner, of
Van Ness avenue and .Sacramento street.
• Interment private. Please omit flowers.
DALY— In. this city, July 22, 1901, Eugene, be-
loved husband of Norah Daly, father of Nel-
lie, Jeremiah,^Mary and Honorah Daly,' and
brother of Mrs. . Patrick Haserty and Jere-
miah Daly, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
azed 39 years. ' ¦ . ¦ ¦ , ¦ ¦ '•
E^Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street. : {
vELLERT— In this city, July 21, 1901, L. R.,
".beloved husband , of Sadie E. Ellert. and
father of Arthur R. Ellert, a native of San
Francisco, aged 44 years 9 monthsand 1 day.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited' to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday),', at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner of ¦" Post and- Montgomery
streets, under the auspices ¦ of California
y Lodge No.- 1, F. and A. - M. • Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock train
from Third' and Townsend streets. ¦
EVANS— In this city, July 22, 1901, A, Milton,
beloved husband of Ella M. Evans, and
father of Clyde - Evans, , a native of/Iowa,
aged 45 years 7 months and 4 days.' ¦
: {C?"Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence,. 135 Beulah street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
Stanyan and Waller streets. ;' . .
FOGEL— In New Orleans, La., -Morris Fogel, a
native of San Francisco, aged 29 years.
OANSBERG— In Oakland,' July 21. 1901, F. J.
S August Gansberg, beloved son of Louise and
Henry Gansberg, and brother of Henry Jr.
and Charles Gansberg, . a native of California,
aged 25 years 1 month and 6 days.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 843 Harrison street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland.
GENOVESSA— In this city, July 22, 1901, Gese-
. flno Genovessa, a native of Italy, asred 7
years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
.. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
'dence. 403- Brannan street, thence to St.
Rose's Church for services at 2 o'clock. ¦ In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. , •
HALL-In this city, -July 22. 1901, Alice B.
Hall, beloved wife of B. F. Hall, daughter of
Mrs. T. A. * Bautz, and sister of Mrs. Frank
King of Yreka, a native of Yreka, Cal., aged
23 years 1 month and 14 days. " \ -
'CT'Remalns at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 318 Mason
street, between O'Farrell and Geary. Fu-
neral and interment at Santa Rosa, Cal. ¦ :
ISAACS— In this city, July 21, 1901, Minnie,
beloved wife of the late Albert Isaacs, and
mother of Julius, Abraham and Peter Isaacs,
Mrs. Samuel Cohn and the late Isadore, Sal-
omon and. Charles Isaacs, a native of Gnesen,
Germany, aged 69 years.
' ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 435 Green street. Interment Hills
¦ of Eternity Cemetery by carriage.
LEVY— In this city, July 22, 1901. Adolph, be-
hoved son of Isedor and the late Sarah Levy,
and brother j»f Mrs. E. Lewin and Max H.,
• Joseph and Leo- Levy, a native of San Fran-
cisco,' aged 43 years 6 months and 5 days.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
t, (Tuesday), at 10:30 "o'clock, from the 'parlors
of H. F. Maass. 917 Mission street. Inter-
' ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. Please omit fldwers." - , .
LEWIS— In Yosemite Valley. July 21. 1901. Mrs.
' Lewis, widow of the late H: R. Lewis, and
. beloved mother of Mrs. Josie Bardwell, Mrs.
Frank Davis, Mrs. Abble Turner, Mrs. Maud
Foster and Miss Annie, Miss Ida and J. K.
Lewis.
lE?Remalns at 939 Park streeft Alameda.
' Notice of funeral hereafter. ' .
McDONALD— In this city, July 20. 1901, Mar-
tha Eleanor, widow of D. L. McDonald, and
beloved mother of Laura L. Blythe and De
Witt L. McDonald, a native of Lexington,
Mo., asei 64 years.
lC?Friends are respectfully Invited to at-"
tend the funeral services this _ day (Tues-
day), at 11 o'clock, at her late residence, 2162
Pine street. Interment private.
McGILVARY— In this city, July 21, 1901, James
B. McGllvary, husband of the late Elizabeth
S. McGllvary, a native of Virginia, aged 78
years 3 months and 28 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances ere respect-
fully invited to attend -the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
- Hal!, corner of ! Market and Seventh streets,
. under the auspices of Parker Lodge No. 124;
I.' O. O. F. Interment Cypress, Lawn Ceme-
tery by the electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth- and Guerrero streets. - -
MaclX)NALD-In Berkeley, July 22, 1901, Alice
M,, beloved wife of D. F. MacDonald, and
/Vnother of Hershel H., Evelyn L., Laura A.
and George D. MacDonald, a native of Hol-
born Hill, England, aged 49 years 4 months
and 12 days.
MILLER— In this city, July 20, 1901, John Mil-
ler, affed 60 years.
MORRIS— In this city, July 21, 1901, Francis,
infant son of Alf and Annie Morris, a native
¦ of San Francisco, aged . 5 months.
NAGER— At Bay View, South San Francisco,
v July 20, 1901, at the residence of his parents,
615 Charter Oak avenue," off San Bruno road,
Joseph Anton Naarer, dearly beloved son of
John Marcell . and Cecelia Na^er, and be-
" loved brother of Pauline, Minnie and Louisa
Nager, a native of San Francisco, aged 20
years fi j months and 17 days. A member of
St. Joseph's Society.
IC^Friends- and acquaintances are respect-
. fully- invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday)," at 7:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 515 Charter Oak avenue, off
San "Bruno road, thence to St. , Anthony's
Church, 'Army street, near Folsom. , where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
" | for the repose of his soul, commencing at 8:15
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NOLAN— In Oakland. July 20, 1901, Sara M.
• Nolan, beloved niece of George and Lawrence
Nolan and Mrs.' Mary Donnelly, a- native of
Newark, N. 'J. •_. «
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend- a requiem mass for
the repose of her soul at 'St. Patrick's
Church, Tenth and . Peralta streets, this
day (Tuesday), at 10. o'clock: Please omit
flowers. Interment private,. St. Mary's Ceme-
tery, Oakland. . . .'" . ¦ . .
O'BRIEN— In this city, July 21. 1901. Patrick,
beloved" husband of Lizzie O'Brien, . and lov-
ing father of William O'Brien, a native of
County CorX, Ireland, aged 73 years.
K7" Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4 Norton place, between Filbert and
Greenwich streets, thence - to - St. Francis
Church, where a mass will be celebrated for
the reaose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. . Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ROSENGARTEN— In this city. July 22, 1901,
Emil A., dearly beloved and only son of
•Marie E. and the late Emll G. Rosengarten,
a native of San Francisco, asred 20 years 3
months and 2 days. . • v
ICT 1 Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137- Mission street, between ¦> Seventh
and Eighth. Notice of funeral hereafter.
SHEA-In this city. July 21, 1901, 7 Edward
Shea, a native of Ireland, aged 78 years.
STARK— In East Oakland, July. 22, 1901, John
' Francis Stark, a. native of New Hampshire
aged 73 years 7 months and 16 days.MAGNIFICENT BEAUSEANT. OR "BATTLE FLAG," OP THE KNIGHTS TEMPLAR, PRESENTED TO THE GOLD
EN GATE DRILL CORPS LAST NIGHT* ON BEHALF OF REUBEN H. LLOTD, MOST EMINENT GRAND MAS
TER OF THE ORDER, AND OFFICERS OF THE COMMANDERY. 'V' ; v -/
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
'Tubs and swimming. 'Best tonic for nervous
and bodily exhaustion. Bayst., near Powell.*
A man of unknown antecedents, who
signed his name. "Meyers." committed
suicide last Saturday night In the Seattle
House, 1231 Market ;streej, by swallowing
UNKNOWN" MAN" TAKES
'A VIAL OF POISON
Two attachments were levied by- the
SHerlff yesterday; against the California.
Aerial Navigation • Company.- in the ¦ suit
brought^ by. Charles .Stanley, ¦ inventor of
the airship,': to ' recover . $2778 75 alleged to
be : due for labors .The airship. and plant
of the corporation at Baker and Hayes
streets and the ¦ balloon factory at 2523
Howard street were both levied upon. ' ¦
Airship Is Attached.
Joseph Lester, an ex-soldier, after serv
ing a sentence of .three months for pass-
Ing a fictitious check on the'Sterling Fur
niture Company, j was arrested as he was
leaving the County Jail. yesterday morn
ing by Detectives Dinan- and Wren on a
warrant issued last May. from Oakland,
charging him with a similar offense. He
passed a fictitious check on E. R. Hand
ley there. He was taken to Oakland' in
the afternoon. . ;; . • :
Passed Fictitious Checks.
MODESTO, July. 22.— Six thousand acres
of land was burned , over near -Grayson
yesterday, causing a loss of $10,000. The
fire started by a spark from a railroad
engine. The land burned over belongs to
L. A. Richards, and .wife,. J. M. Ham
mond, S. W. Howard. S. W. Broyles and
George Laughead. The heaviest- loser
was Laughead, who lost 500 acres of extra
good wheat. Hammond lost 800 sacks of
•wheat' already harvested and, fifty acres
of standing wheat. - On : Mrs. .. Richards',
place a small house, a granary and a barn
filled with hay were destroyed. Richards
lost • 300 tons . of , hay. All of the burned
property was' insured. ' :
Grain Fire Near Grayson.
j One beauty* about Jesse ; Moore Whiskey is
you can always depend on its purity. •
Any. Epworth Leaguer; and friends can
go" to Santa Cruz and Del Monte for five
dollars. -, Tickets good fifteen days. In
quire Southern Pacific.. 613 Market street,
and Mechanics' Pavilion. ,' •_ ;
Suits : for 'divorce have been filed - by
Bertha P. - Roop against Frank A.. Roop
for cruelty, C- A. Spurrier against .W.-W.
Spurrier for desertion. Corinne • KSllen
against ¦ Walter Killen for failure ' to pro
vide, Belle Apple against '- John C- Apple
for failure to provide and Bartie Matiliane
against Lena P; Matiliane for cruelty:
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Minnie-" Schultze from Ernest
Schultze for willful neglect, John C. Beck
from Elizabeth C. Beck for. desertion and
H. Stella Mallory from Frank E. ; Mallory
for, cruelty. •; i/ -,.¦¦ ¦.'.-. '¦¦•¦, \ ;'•'¦¦
In the Divorce Court.
Verus cures piles or. $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and ruarantee It. •
Thursday.
St. Patrick's parish picnic, which will
he fceld at Shell Mound Park n£xt Thurs
day, promises to be the most successful
of .Its kind given this season. Many new
and -¦ interesting contests have been ar
ranged, and the winners will be reward^
ed'wlth valuable and useful trophies. The
following committees have the outing In
hand: ¦ : .
¦ General committee— Maurice Corridan, phalr
"man; Eusrene F. Lacey, vice chairman; Wil
liam F. Fitzgerald, secretary; Rev. P. J. Cum
mins, treasurer. * -r™,,, _,
Committee of arransements— William i T.
Flynn - James -Lamey, David Barry, William
Connelly, Martin Tierney. James McBrearty,
Daniel Ahern, Al Kudolphus, James. O'Brien,
John McCloskey. Matt Marloe, Thomas J.
O'Brien Thomas Conlln, 'James McGlade,
Thomas Cieary, John Cronln, Richard King
ston • John Gray, John Coffey, James Galvln,
John Keefe, J. J. Sweeney.
Games committee— Daniel Ahern (chairman),
William T. Flynn, John Cronan, John Coffey,
William Fitzgerald, John McCloskey, Thomas
Doran, ¦ R. Kingston, John O'Brien, ; Thomas
Conlan, James McBrearty. . _
Floor manager, Eueene F. Lacey: assistant
floor manager, James Clalvin. .
Floor > committee — James Lamey, David
Barry, James O'-Brien, George Dousrherty, M.
Tierney, William A. Breslin, Matt Marlowe,
A Rudolphus, Misses Ella Crdnan.. May Lyne,
LHlie Byrnes, ¦ Mary Nealon, • ; Ella Canning,
Rose Kelly, Hannah Griffin, Nonle Sullivan.
BigjReunion and Picnic to Be Held
at Shell Mound Park on
ST. PATRICK'S PARISH
TO HOLD AN" OUTING
On- sale for Epworth Leaguers and
friends, July 12 to August 15, fare and
third round trip. Stop-overs everywhere.
Watch announcements, special excursions,
special days. Literature and rates. In
formation Bureaus and ticket ' offices; 613
Market street, and Mechanics' Pavilion.'
Southern Pacific Excursion Rates
From San Francisco All Over
the State. '
Mr. -Wor.thington. entered the service of
the Central, . Pacific ' Railroad Company
July 1, 1874, as- a messenger boy in the
Sacramento oftice.vHe was afterward tel
egraph operator at Chlco, Red Bluff and
Sacramento and was transferred to the
service of the Western Union Telegraph
Company/at the time the railroad wires
were leased ' to \' that company, and was
chief operator ! for the- Western Union at
Los Angeles in 18S0. In April, 1881, he was
transferred to the railroad service as pri
vate secretary « to ¦ the late A. J. Stevens,
general , master mechanic of- the motive
power and machinery department, with
headquarters at Sacramento, and served
in this position Until Mr. Stevens' death,
in April, 1888, when the late A. N. Towne,
vice president and general manager of the
Southern Pacific, brought him to San
Francisco as private secretary.
On the death of Mr. Towne, in July, 1895,
he was appointed private secretary to H.
E. Huntington, then assistant to the pres
ident, and remained with him until April,
1890, when he was appointed to take
charge of the tonnage rating of locomo
tives on the Pacific system lines west of
El Paso. .' ¦¦ \ ¦ --¦ . :¦¦¦¦¦: ¦""" ' .
B. A. Worthington of this city has been
appointed by Manager Herbert to be di
vision superintendent of the Southern Pa
cific with headquarters at Tucson, Ariz.,
and will leave for: that city to assume his
newduties in'a.few. days.
Manager Herbert of the South
/ em Pacific. \
Receives Promotion at the Hands of
WORTKTNGTON APPOINTED
1 DIVISION SUPERINTENDENT
; H. -D. -Loveldnd. ; commander :>R. B. Moore,
generalissimo; Robert W. Campbell, captain
general;- Colonel William Edwards, command
ant; R. B. Moore, senior, andE. S. Bean;
junior warden of . the- drill corps ; . Sir Knights
A.- C. Soule, R. B. Hale, William Glinderman,
J; R.' Aitkin, • A. Hemelmann. S. J. Hendy.
W. . F. Waterson,' - J. Biller, T. G Carothers,
G'W. Slmison, Robert Ash, Dr. A. W. Mc-
Kenzie, W. R. Phillips. O. J. Sent, F. Ger
hart, -E.- 11. Moores," George L..- Darling:, W. S.
Wise,' A.' B. Wood-, G. ¦ Rl Armstrong, Dr. 'E.
R.-» Bryant. George Thompson. L. A. Arzner,
J. Maderson. Ed Rtephson. R. McMillan, H.
S.' Hutchins and-.Theo. -Frolich.
• The. following, named are the general of
ficers of the commandery, the officers of
the drill corps and the members. thereof:
'The. corps, was. organized on the 23d of
May, 1883, for the purpose of imparting
military . and Templar, knowledge. The
work dene by the corps has been ; most
advantageous to -the commandery. The
drills given "have always been
complimented "in * the highest terms. On
the 2d of May,. 1885, the corps won the
famous Yosemite plaque at' the competi
tive drill, of commanderies of the State of
California. '" " '. ' . .: • .
History of the Corps.
close attention to the commands that.no
mistake be made. Under the instructions
of Colonel Edwards, whorls an old-time
National Guardsman and . a first . class
drlllmaster, the corps has been brought
up to a standard that it is difficult to sur
pass.. ¦. '
The deceased was born in Wisconsin,
but migrated westward in the early 60's.
For a number of years" he occupied the
humble position of stage driver and drove
out from Winnemucca. in the -State of
Nevada. ¦ He .will probably be longest and
most favorably remembered in connection
with the faro bank conducted by the firm
of Ross, Webber & Carroll at 21 Mason
street. This bank, existing while gam
bling, with all its worst characteristics,
was at full swing in- this city, maintained
a record of unsullied fairness and honesty.
Through it Carroll won his reputation as
a square sport, who scorned' to take the
slightest advantage of- any one. Ross,
Webber & Carroll went out of business in
1895. but while they, continued in partner
ship-their faro bank was patronized, by
the. higher element of sportdom.
Although at one time Carroll amassed
a considerable fortune, he lost it through
unfortunate speculation. | For the past
few years he maintained several horses
and patronized to some extent ; the race
course. Last' spring, he 'made* a trip to
Nome, but . northern life did. not agree
with him and he soon returned to this
city. -< V - - ¦ • , '
Charitable to a. fault, while he . had
money he was. always ready to assist his
friend. He was ' never known to have an
enemy. The common mendicant of the
streets knew- him • as their friend. Al
though a gambler, he was respected by
business men in every walk of life. .
He was about 50 .years of age. Some
twelve years ago he- married, but as his
domestic life did. not prove happy a
divorce soon followed. ' -
James H. Carroll, one of the best known
and most popular of the old time sports
of this city and State,' was found dead in
his bed at his rooms, 206 Post street, yes
terday afternoon. ¦-' /
Rooms on Post Street.
WELIi-KNO-VvTN" SPORT
SUCCUMBS' TO DEATH
James H. Carroll Found Dead in His
The corps, under the instructions of Col
onel William Edwards, the commandant,,
has for a number of months been per
fecting itself for the grand contest in
Ivouisville, and if alignments, shoulder to
shoulder movements, formations and, a
careful. carrying out of each command as
laid down in the .Templar drill manual .
count for points there is a strong proba
bility that the Asylum of Golden Gate
Commandery will be adorned with an
other magnificent trophy. The drill -of
the Templars is in formation of threes.
It includes marching, oblique marches,
formation into line, wheeling from^ a halt
mounted on a handsome staff and Is ( a
banner of which the corps feels justly
proud. « . — .
"Will Be Taken to Louisville.
This beauseant will be taken by the
commandery and corps to Louisville, Ky.,
where the triennial conclave will open on
the fourth Tuesday in August. For the
first time since the conclave in San Fran--
Cisco in 1883 there will be a competitive
drill, and in that Golden Gate Drill Corps
j will take part. The exhibition by 'this
corgs a short time since .in Mechanics' '
Pavilion, in the presence of more than ¦
4000 ladles and gentlemen on the occasion
of the review tendered the Grand Com
mandery of California, fully sustainedthe
reputation of the crack drill corps of the
State .for efficiency and dramatic effect,
a reputation it has enjoyed for a number
of years.
Griffin while trying- to escape from the
officer after attempting to break into his
house at 2625 Howard street, appeared be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday on the charge
of attempted burglary- The case was
continued till August 1 and the prosecu
tion asked that the defendant's bonds of
$500 be. increased, which was strongly
opposed by his attorney. .
• Assistant District Attorney Harris said
there was almost a reign of terror in the
Mission among women, owing to the ac
tions of a man who was known as "Peep
ing Tom." One woman, while in bed., had
been chloroformed by the man. He made
it a practice to : peep into women's bed
rooms while they were- retiring. He had
no .proof that Sanchiez was the "peeper,"
but there was a strong- suspicion agalnpt
him from the fact that he had been
arrested more than once for assaulting
little girls, and from his actions when
discovered by Mrs. Griffin.
Policeman Griffin said that Sanchiez
had his hands on the window of his wife's
bedroom and 1 was looking in when she
observec him.. He nearly scared the wits
out of her. The Judge said the bonds were
too low and increased them to $1000.
"WOMEN" IN THE MISSION"
' SCARED BY \ A "PEEPER"
Arthur Sanchiez, Accused of At
tempted-Burglary, Suspected of
Being the Man.
Arthur Sanchiez, who was shot In the.
wrist Saturday night by Policeman M. J.
In Sunday's Examiner a special dis
patch dated Portland was published in
which United States Marshal J. C.
Franks was, as he avers, greatly ma
ligned. Marshal Pranks was virtually
charged with making a false return to a
process of court, and in reply thereto he
has • sent the following explanatory com
munication to The Call:
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: In the issue
of the Examiner of Sunday, July * 1, my atten
tion was called- to a "special dispatch" from
Portland, Or., in which, my name is used In an
unlicensed, vindictive and libelous manner. It
Is stated that I, as United States Marshal, was
ordered to remove Mr. Carr*s fences in Modoc
County; that I went armed with the process of
the court to the scene and returned to court and
reported that the fences had been removed.
There is not one word of truth In this whole
statement, nor is there the slightest foundation
or excuse for the author of this dispatch for
making such a statement. It is viciously and
malignantly false.
The case in California courts mentioned In
this dispatch and pending while I was United
States Marshal never went to Judgment, and no
order or process of .. court. was ever issued or
placed in my hands to execute, anil the whole
statement is llbelously and maliciously false
and without any foundation in fact. I cannot
conceive where the inspiration found birth, save
as hereinafter stated, nor can I imagine who
could be so base as to manufacture out of whole
cloth a story so devoid of truth. •
Source of Charges.
The effect of the statement in this publication
is that I made a false return for reward and
that I am now reaping the fruits of my iniquity
by acting as superintendent of this property.
I went out of office in 1SD0, and I never had
anything to do with this property until within
the last three years, and then I bought some
stock in the Jesse D. Carr Land and Live Stock
Company and was elected its vice president,
since which time I have at times for the corpo
ration visited the property, inspected it and ad
vised with the superintendent about Its manage
ment, but -without any compensation whatever
other than to be reimbursed for my actual ex
penses. I-know of my own personal knowledge
who the witnesses are that were subpoenaed
for the Government in the case at Portland,
Or., but I do not know what they or either of
them testified to upon the trial of the case; but
I am confident that none ur them presumed to
make any such statements as would in/ any way
sustain the charges made in the dispatch men
tioned. ¦
I therefore believe these charges emanated
from others and were inspired by one who has
large, herds of stock, three head to one owned
by our company, who ranges his stock on the
public flomaln for a distance of sixty miles,
and at times rocle>o3 them and drives them thirty
to forty miles to encroach upon the, lands in
our inclosure, and who has not been enterpris
ing enough even to build corrals within which
to handle his stock, but has used our corrals.
He has with his vast herds <M.*t=USted the natu
ral grasses of miles and mile.? of country in
and about- the Butte Creek and Yokohama sec
tion's, where there are a great many poor set
tlers with small herds of stock r.nd whom he
has attempted to drive out of tlu* country by
forcibly holding and controlling the waters of
this section. As to how this man became pos
sessed of such vast herds of stock the widows
and orphans of the community up there have
been heard to complain and some have even
gone so far as to Institute suit to determine.
True he owns some land and some he has
made partial payments on. but making default
for years in the payment of the accruing inter
est due the State and getting the benefit of the
us of them in the meantime without further
outlay. He Is practically a forager on the pub
lic domain and on his neighbors, and was re
cently indicted by the United States Grand
Jury of the Northern District of California for
having unlawfully inclosed large tracts of the
public domain.
Largest Taxpayer in County.
It is charged in this dispatch that "the
•cattlemen and ranchers within- 2C0 . miles of
Carr, it ia ¦ claimed, have wittered from his
encroachments. , Fights and blood-spilling were
the rule between Carr'a men and others." Mr.
Carr, the original ¦ owner of the property of
our company, has expended over a Quarter <if
a million dollars In improving .that country,
which gave employment to and maintained a
great many poor people, and, while it is ad
mitted that he inclosed a large area, of pub
lic land in with his private holdings, he at
the same time has purchased from and paid to
the State and Government fcr about 21,000 acres
of lands upon which he pays taxes, and, I
believe, he is the largest taxpayer in Modoc
County. Instead of our neighbors, cattlemen,
complainlne of our "encroachments." as it is
styled in this dispatch, most of them common
their stock «pon our lands with our cattle and
our men are instructed not to interfere with
them. ' ¦ ¦ . ¦/••jte'*?
It is not true that Mr. Carr or any. one con
nected with or in the employment of our com
pany ever interfered with .any one entering
upon the public land within our Inclosure. On
the contrary, gate3 and open ways are main
tained at convenient points in the fence to ac
commodate the neighboring settlements and no
one was ever denied ingress or egress to these
lands. In justification of Mr. Carr, let it be
known that he constructed these fences before
there was any statute prohibiting: It to be done
and at a time when the State laws recognized
and taxed ¦ possessory claims and : authorized
the fencing of them. . ¦ ' . ¦
It is absolutely untrue that there were fights
and ¦ bloodshed . between Mr. Carr's raen and
others. On the contrary, Mr. Carr has always
been esteemed by his neighbors up there and
admired for his enterprise, his neighborly kind
ness and generosity. The fact of having pub
lic lands inclosed with his own Mr. Carr never
denied, but the other charges made in this dis
patch against Mr. Carr are wholly without
foundation, and are stated with such brazen
disregard for truth that It bristles with, malice
bias and "animosity wholly unpardonable. - - -
J. C. FRANKS.'
San Francisco, July 21. 1901. .
FRANKS DENIES
TALE OF FRAUD
Declares Telegram 'From
Portland Is Not ;
Truthful.
The board adjourned out of respect to
the memory of the late ex-Mayor Ellert,
and Supervisors Booth, Boxton and Wil
son were appointed a committee to draft
resolutions of respect to his memory. .
Authorizing 1 the Tax Collector to accept the
sum of $3900 as taxes . on the franchise of the
Alaska Packers' Association for the year 1900;
providing for the repair of unaccepted, streets
and sidewalks; requlring % the recording 1 - in the
Recorder's office of all existing franchises for
operating steam and. steel railroads and all
franchises hereafter granted ; accepting the
Andrew Carnegie' gift of $750,000 for public
library purposes; authorizing the payment of
an expenditure of $2316 10 for the Fourth of
July celebration; providing that the appropri
ation of $12,000 for the investigation of public
utilities shall not be limited by monthly allow
ances. - • •
The following bills were finally passed:
Braunhart's resolution that the Board
of Education be requested to take neces
sary steps to establish a playground
south of Market- street for physical cul
ture, for which $12,000 was appropriated
In the budget, was adopted. r: ¦¦ » •
Pumping -works building and wells at the
corner ol Twenty-fourth avenue and K street;
the water rights of the Giant Gap Water Com
pany to the • water of the north fork of the
American River at Euchre Bar, in Placer
County; the right of way of a canal line from
Euchre Bar to a point above Auburn; 70,000
acres of watershed lands, including: the site
of ' the Lake Valley or Towle reservoir, near
Emigrant - Gap, having a storage capacity of
2,000 000,000 gallons; the ditch' and canal line
known as the Cedar .Creek or Towle Ditch,
about sixteen miles in length, besides other
property specifically enumerated. . \
The -offer was referred to the Public
Utilities Committee.
Braunhart introduced a resolution re
questing the City Attorney to inform the
board as to its powers in the event of
proof being made ' that the provision of
the charter that eight hours shall be the
maximum hours of labor on any calendar
day and the minimum wages of laborers
employed shall be $2 per day for any con
tract with the city is being violated by
Gray Bros., who have obtained the mu
nicipal contract for street sweeping. The
resolution was referred . to the Judiciary
Committee. "
The resolution directing the Board of
Works to cause immediately the removal
of the railroad tracks from Tehama
street, between Third and Fourth, was
referred to the Judiciary Committee. The
resolution recites that the Omnibus Rail
road Company was granted a franchise
for fifty years and the Market-street Rail
way Company, the successors in interest,
has abandoned the tracks, which are a
source of annoyance to pedestrians.
Wilson objected to postponing action on
reconsideration of an ordinance granting
Maria Sjoholm a special permit to add a
superstructure on her building at Powell
and Sutter streets, and the motion to re
consider the bill was lost. A. B. McCreery
filed a protest against its passage. He
claimed that the building ordinance has
been violated in allowing the superstruc
ture to be already built under the super
vision of the Board of Works.
'>, The Board of Supervisors ¦ received ,a
communication yesterday from the Vlsl
taclon Water Company submitting 1 an of
fer to sell to the city its Bay View prop
erty and 'the water rights of the Giant
Gap. Supply. Company for the sum of
?2,600,00C. The inventory of the properties
owned by the company accompanies the
communication and Includes the follow
ing:
Board Refuses to Reconsider
Denial of Special
Visitation Company De
.. sires. to Sell Its
Eights.
OFFERS A WATER
SUPPLY TO CITY
Magnificent Beauseant Is Presented by the Highest Official of the Order to
Sir Knights of the Commandery Who Have Shown Such Marked
Ability in Executing the Difficult Evolutions Practiced by Templars
GOLDEN GATE DRILL CORPS HONORED
BY THE MOST EMINENT GRAND MASTER
COURT DECIDES
CHARGES FALSE
Allegations in Com
plaint.
Partridge Is Scored for
Vulcan Company's Officers
Have Done Well for.
r> Stockholder
Judge Thomas F. Graham has rendered
a decision in the Superior Court ln'which
all the allegations made In a sensational
.complaint by Allan R. Partridge against
Frank W. Page, George W. Baker. Harry
L. Baker, the Vulcan Smelting and Kefln
lng Company. William H. O'Bryan, J. D.
Heard and sixty-two other defandant
stockholders of the smelting and refining
company are found to be wholly untrue
and unsupported by any proof submitted
by Partridge. Judge Graham also said
that it was apparent to the court that the
action of F. W. Page, George W. Baker
and all other directors and officers of the
company has been fair and honest and for
the best interest of all the stockholders
and that every allegation made by Part
ridge to the contrary was unfounded and
inspired by malice. Tne' temporary in
junction against the company which was
granted on Partridge's motion has been
dissolved and the complaint dismissed
with costs to the defendant. ¦»
Makes Charges Indiscriminately.
Partridge's complaint was filed last
February. In it President F. W. Page,
Vice President George IV. Baker and Sec
retary Harry L. Baker were charged with
flagrant violation of duty and all sorts of
fraud and conspiracy against Partridge,
¦who was a director and large stockholder
in the company. The court was asked to
remove them from office and to cancel
their stock. The averments, made under
oath, were so circumstantial that extracts
were published in The Call as a matter of
news. The case was originally assigned
to Judge Seawall for trial. Partridge dis
missed the bill on the day set for the
* hearing. He immediately filed a new com
plaint, in which the old charges were re
iterated, additional specifications were
made and fifty other defendants, the
stockholders of the company, were in
cluded. The new action was assigned for
trial to Judge Graham. .
Judge Scores Partridge.
The full text of Judge Graham's decree
is as follows:
In the above entitled action, the court being
fully advised in the premises and the whole
matter having: been submitted to the court,
upon the complaint of the plaintiff, and the
answer of the defendant, it is adjudged and
decreed as follows:
First— That a Judgment and decree be en
tered herein in favor of said defendants and
all of them and against said plaintiff for their
cons herein expended.
Second— That all of the allegations of the
complaint, charging a fraudulent or any con
spiracy upon the part of said defendants or
any of them against said plaintiff are wholly
untrue and unsupported by any proof sub
mitted by the plaintiff.
Third— That it is apparent to the court that
the action of eaid F. W. Page. George W.
Baker and all other directors and officers of
raid defendant corporation has been fair and
honest and no cause has been disclosed by the
proof or admissions of counsel to support in
any way the allegations in the complaint, and
raid action has been shown to be of such a
character to promote the best interests of all
the stockholders thereof, and that every allo
cation to the contrary in said complaint is
wholly unfounded and inspired by malicious
motives upon the part of the complainant
herein.
That the temporary restraining order here
tofore Issued by this court in favor of said
plaintiff and against said defendants and every
part thereof is hereby dissolved.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set ray
hand this 22d day of July, 1901, and have caused
the great seal of the Superior Court of the city
end county of San Francisco to be affixed
hereto. THOMAS P. GRAHAM,
Judg-e of the Superior Court.
This vindication is published with
pleasure by The Call as a matter of
simple justice to Frank W. Page, George
W. Baker and Harry L. Baker as officers
Df the Vulcan Smelting and Refining: Com
pany.
WOMAN NAEEOWLY ESCAPES
DEATH HT COLLISION"
Miss Charlotte Thompson's Carriage
Is Upset by a Market-Street
Cable Car.
Miss Charlotte Thompson, the well-
Known writer of plays, had a narrow es
:ape from death yesterday. Miss Thomp
son was being driven to the Palace by C.
M. Carlston of the Pacific Carriage Com
pany. While the vehicle was crossing
Market street at the intersection of New
Montgomery and Post streets a Haight
ttreet car collided with it. The carriage
was tilted over and the driver thrown,
from his seat.
Miss Thompson managed to escape
from the carriage. She declined to give
ner name to Officer Ross and claimed she
eras uninjured. The vehicle ¦was sadly
wrecked. A new door and a set of wheels
Rill be needed to repair the damage.
CroES-Country Tramp.
The Olympic Club will hold a cross
;ountry nm next Sunday. It will be in
:harge of Captain George James. The
members will take the 9 o'clock boat for
Pruitvale, and on ariving at the latter
5is.ee will go to Leona Heights by way of
lake Chabot. Luncheon will be served
it the club's expense. A large number of
lUi'etes will take the journey.
Eric Kobbe, the 14-year-old son of Gen
eral Kobbe. appeared before Judge Mogan
•resterday on the charge of assault with
i deadly weapon for shooting Paul "Wis
«Jg while in a boat off Fort Mason Fri-
Say. The boy was accompanied by Cap
:a:n E. A. Lewis from Fort Mason. He
y.-as instructed as to his rights and the
:-«;*> continued until July 29. Young TVis
i ,; Js said to be improving at St. Luke's
Hospital.
Eric Kobbe in Court.
account'of sickness, presented "to the drill
corps of that commandery a magnificent
beauseant in token of his appreciation of
its perfect rendition of the Templar drill.
Colonel Frank W. Sumner accompanied
the presentation with a speech express
ing the sentiments of the donor. The
beauseant was accepted for the corps by
Colonel Edwards, the commandant, who
promised that the battle flag shall ever
be cherished by the corps and that wher
ever the corps goes the flag will go with
it. It was then placed in the keeping of
the color guard, Sir Knights J. R. Aitkin,
George I>. Darling - and ML Ryan, | after
which followed the impressive ceremony
of consecrating the beauseant by the
prelate and past eminent commander.
After the close of the" session of the
commandery there was an adjournment to
tne banquet hall, where an excellent sup
per was partaken of by nearly two hun
dred Sir Knights. Speeches appropriate
to the occasion were made by Riajht Emi-
nenl Grand Commander of California
George B. McKee. Colonel F. "W. Sumner,
P. R.. E. G. C, Past Commander JVC.
Campbell, Past Commander Robert Mc-
Millan and J. R. Aitkin.
The beauseant is the original vexillum
belli, battle flag of the Knights Templar,
which was adopted in 1167. It became
their sacred insignia, whereby they were
distinguished when In battle, and waa
carried in every engagement with the
Saracens. It was of ¦woolen; stuff, the up-
per half of the banner being black ¦ and
the lower half whiter — black to typify ter
ror to the foe and white that the Knights
walked in the innocence and. p'urity of
Christ. "Beauseant" was also the war
cry of the Templars. Originally the beau
seant ' was one-third in breadth of what
it was in depth, but now it is almost
square. The one that was presented last
nlgrht is of heavy black and white silk,
yellow fringed, in the center of ¦which
¦within a large circle is a view of the
Golden Gate in colored Bilks, while above
and below, worked in gold, is the title of
the drill corps and commandery. It is
¦THM BATST FRAJ^GISCO CAI^ 9 TUESDAY, JULY 23, 1901.
the contents of a vial of carbolic acid.
He was found yesterday afternoon dead
in his bed. The empty vial and a nota
written in pencil on the wrapper of th«
bottle told the story. The note was as
follows:
This la the wrapper of the bottle. It Is de
liberate on my part. Blama no one. Tours
truly. METERS.
The man engaged the room at the Se
attle House last Saturday. In the after
noon the landlady had a conversation with
him about the Epworth League conven
tion and religion generally, to the course
of which the eulcide remarked lightly.
"Well, I guess the place down below la a3
good as any other."
Deputy Coroner Brown found among the
dead man's effects a note dated in 1S97 and
addressed to E. P. Vlning of the Market
street Railway Company, explaining the
reason. for the writer's unfriendly feeling
toward a man named Kaighn. This was
signed "Tim Murphy." A letter unsigned,
indorsing the bearer for the position of
locomotive engineer, was found also. Tha U
address of S. A. Jones, 2722 Folsom street, <
was found in the pocketbook of the dead
man.
The body was taken to the Morgue yes
terday afternoon.
¦ . v •.,'¦¦ •
or pn a fixed pivot, wheeling lnmarchlng
or. on a : movable pivot, the formation of
sections from columns of I three on the
march, the formation of columns of three
from sections on the march, formation of
double sections from columns of sections
on the march, the closing of ranks from
extended orders on the march,. forming of
the passion or single cross, formation of
the Greek cross from threes,' the ,forma
tion of the patriarchal or double cross
and of circles around a pivot. '.The move
ments ¦ are many, intricate and require
,m i^qr the first time in .the history
17/ of the Knights Templar In .the
|f™^ United States the drill corps of a
J| commandery has been presented
•with a token of appreciation by
the head of the order. This Interesting
ceremony took place last evening in • the
Asylum of Golden Gate Commandery No.
16, whan Colonel ""Frank "W. Bumner, past
right eminent commander, on behalf of
Reuben H. Lloyd, the most eminent grand
master, who was unable to be present on
12
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
: Ca 1-51 VA2ZZ? ST. tat. 6A i7:i, Z.T.Zil.
HL i».- Th<! Lar ? est Anatomical Museum in tbe
Ml m 5 P«^ on the cZ?'£l X %£ e " ,
Hfl£& DR. JCflDAN-DISEASES CF KEN
fq^JH Consultation free and strictly private.
1 #7(fi I^2S. e ?i pcrsoM " 3r or h * lett «'- ¦*
S if II ft Fontnt tt»'«">erery case undertaken.
V I IIP w rte f<" Book. PHILOSOPHY af
* J P a*nhlACE; MAILED MSB. /A
Q y." valuable book for mm)
JDK. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. 8. F.
. A SUIT OF WHITR J u>r
!F«"j3N every cake of Ivory Soap there~are 100
||p||£ complete suits of rich, creamy lather. Before
lUf dressing, put on a suit of Ivory Soap. Cover
3 g **l the entire body from head to foot with
lather. Take the suit off with tepid water and you
will remove with it all the impurities of the body
which have been carried to the surface through the
pores. Use a pure soap for this* —^
IVORY SOAP— 99«>i& PER CENT. PUREJ^
A CARD
TO THE PUBLIC
FROM THE
Epitalle Has Lit
COMPANY.
It having com* to the knowledge of the
Equitable Gas Light Company that the Pacific
Gas Improvement Company is offering to sup-
ply gas to the customers of the Equitable Gas
Light Company, only, at One Dollar ($1 CO) per
thousand cubic feet, and is representing to such
customers as an Inducement to them to make
the change that the control of the Equitable
Gas Light Company is about to pass to the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company,
which last named company will thereupon
raise the rates from One Dollar, the present
price charged by the Equitable Gas Light Com-
pany, to %1 40 per thousand cubic feet. and.
whereas, said statement that this company is
about to sell out to said San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company Is false, the Equitable
Gas Light Company deems it due to its pa-
trons and to the general public to announce
that an arrangement has been made with a
syndicate composed of Eastern capitalists to
transfer to such syndicate the majority of tho
stock of this corporation, and such additional
shares as may be offered by the holders there-
of, upon the understanding that such syndicate
shall extend the mains of the Equitable Gas
Light Company as rapidly as possible, and
thereby Increase the company's facilities for
supplying gas to consumers in general.
The announcement is further made by this
company that this syndicate 13 In nowise con-
nected with any of the competing gas or elec-
tric companies In this city. •,
The Equitable Gas Light Company Is pre-
pared to enter Into contracts within the dis-
trict In -which It is now supplying gas. and
also to enter into contracts with all consumers
of gas In San Francisco within .whose dis-
tricts its mains will be shortly laid, at tho
price of One Dollar per thousand cubic feet,
and for a period of one year or more, with
the express agreement that If during the life
of said contract any competing gaa company
shall establish a less rate than One Collar
per thousand cublo feet, the Equitable Gaa
Light Company will meet such reduction.
It Is tha purpose of the Equitable Gaa Light
Company to continue to merit public favor by
giving the best service at a less rate per
thousand cubic feet for gas than "any of tha
competing companies, and It hopes by this
policy to enjoy a continuance of public patron-
age.
By order of Board of Directors.
S. H.TACY, Secretary.
EQUITABLE GAS LIGHT COMPANY.
j/vi^N DENTISTRY
|"VANVR00M"
¦ 1001 MARKET, Cor. 6th. I
J 9 ROSENTHAL'S 1 1
U'MIPSUMMER . SALES [•[
g^ t Many times a show window will display g||
|| unusual offers in footwear, but we venture to ||j
j~g1 say that no such low prices were ever made on g|l
II the same grade of shoes as we are offering dur- fi
H| ing our Special Sale. For example: |||
P . LADIES. H
Sp Small sizes of Ladies' Finest French Kid Button. For- W$
M mCry Reduce? to SI.CO. ' ' B
K2£ Broken lots of Ladies' Fancy Colored Satin and Glace h&|
||| Kid Slippers. To close them out they are HI
|'*2 Reduced to 75c. Hi
m misses And children. m
V'| Broken lots of Misses' and Children's Tan Goat and Wk
pj| Infants' and Children's broken lots of Tan and Black |$3
i£5 Shoes; mainly narrow widths; sizes 5 to 8. j||
pi Reduced to 35c. *m
ADVEBHSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.