VOLUME XCL-NO 11.
MENACE OF A WAR IN SOUTH AMERICA
THAT WILL INVOLVE ALL THE REPUBLICS
CABINET CONSIDERS GREAT
GIFT OF ANDREW CARNEGIE
Ten Million Endowment for Higher Education Does Not Involve the
Establishment of a University at the Capital, but Is Designed
to Pay Expenses of Deserving Students at Home and Abroad
WASHINGTON, Dec. lO.-The
proposed -gift of $10,000,000 by
Andrew Carnegie for educa
tional purposes was discussed
at to-day's meeting of the Cabinet
It was stated after the meeting that
the President had received a commu
nication from Carnegie on the subject of
th« creation of a fund for the extension
Of higher education- It Is said that his
proposition does not Involve the establish
ment of university buildings In Washing
ton, but rather the placing of a fund In
the hands of Government trustees from
•which the expenses of deserving students
may be paid in the line of original inves
tigation at home or abroad. The propo
t\ eition, it is understood, had not reached
■ i -.■■•--
BEET SUGAR MEN
PASS CUBAN QUESTION
Delegates at the Convention in Wash
ington Not Worried Over
the Tariff.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
U'.. WASHINGTON. Dec 10.— The Amer
ican Beet Sugar Manufacturers' annual
convention held here to-day was rather
uneventful. After choosing officers, in
cluding H. T. Oxnard of California as
president, the convention passed several
resolutions expressing in general term.?
the sentiments of manufacturers concern
ing the beet sugar Industry.
The convention did not discuss the ques
tion of reciprocal trade relations with
Cuba looking to a possible reduction of
rates on raw and refined sugar imported
from Cuba to the United States. There
was a disposition In the convention not to
•ybe worried over the Cuban situation, the
Vceiing being general that Congress would
take care of the question of a proposed
reduction, of duty, and that the powerful
The San Francisco Call.
a concise form except in general terms,
and 'except as to the amount
The President will confer with members
of Congress in regard to the proposed gift
before making its terms public.
Magnificent Endowment.
Hon. Carroll D. Wright, Commissioner of
the United States Department of Labor,
to-day made the following statement as
to Carnegie's endowment of a national
university at Washington:
"The general discussion which has been
carried on during the last twenty-five
years in relation to the establishment of
a national university in Washington has
culminated in a. magnificent plan and en
dowment by Andrew -Carnegie. For a
number of years the university idea held
sugar interests would fight any conces
sions In the duty on Cuban sugar. The
action of the House . Ways and Means
Committee In the matter of the Philip
pine tariff was taken by the convention
to mean that the prospect of a reduction
of the duty on Cuban sugar is remote, for
the reason that if concessions cannot be
granted to Interests in the territory con
trolled by the United States, they are not
likely to be given to Cuba, a foreign coun
try soon to become independent
Leaves 'Out Adopted Daughter.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— The will of Mrs.
Margaret F. Crocker was riled to-day.
It Is dated in February last and leaves
the property to be divided between Mrs.
Crocker's two daughters, Mrs. - Jennie
Fassett, wife of ex-State Senator^.
Sloat Fassett, and Mrs^ C. Gouraud.
The petition accompanying the will men
tions the existence, of , Gladys Amy
Crocker*. an adopted daughter, whom the
will does not mention. The petition esti
mates the estate at 5100,000 in real estate
and $100,000 in personal : property. - .
SAN FRANCISCO, W EDNESDA Y, DECEMBER 1 1, ' 1901.
DOKOR 'OF 'TEN MILLIONS FOR
HIGHER EDUCATION AND A
NOTED PEDAGOGUE.
sway, but about two years ago the mat
ter was taken up by the "Washington
Academy of Sciences, and this body, in
co-operation with the George Washington
Memorial Association, formulated a defi
nite plan, which differed radically from
the university plan contemplated in the
earlier years. This resulted last spring,
as was then published, in the organiza
tion of the Washington Memorial Insti
tution.
Plan of the Enterprise.
"The plan was, in brief, as follows:
"L Organization. A private foundation
independent of • Government support or
control. , • . .
"2. Objects, (a) To facilitate the use of
the scientific and other, resources of the
Government for research; (b) to co-op
erate with universities, colleges and indi
viduals in securing to properly qualified
persons opportunities £or advanced study
and research.
"Dr. Daniel C. Gilman, ultimately prea
ident of the Johns Hopkins /University,
was elected director of the institution.
Not a Rival to Universities.
"When Mr. Carnegie came to consider
the question of endowing a National Uni
versity at Washington, he investigated
the whole subject with his usual tho
roughness and found that an institution
devoted to research and the training of
capable persons was more in accord with
his conceptions than the establishment of
a university that would be a rival of the
already existing universities of the coun
try. How far he was led to this conclu
sion by the work that had been done by
the organizations in Washington is un
known, but his action indicates that he
had faith in the general plan that had
been developed and crystallized in that
city.
"It is probable that ' the Washington
Memorial Institution will suspend Its
operation, for it is understood that Mr.
Carnegie's plan not only embraces all the
proposed activities of the institution, but
goes far beyond these."
POWER OF A SULTAN
FINALLY DESTROYED
French Cavalry Put an End ta
the Rule of a West
African.
PARIS, Dec. 10.— An official cablegram
received here from West Africa an
nounces the final destruction of the once
formidable power of the late Sultan Ra
bah.
The death' of Rabah "was- announced in
July, 1900, but one 'of his sons, Sadenlalh,
has been giving the French trouble. The
dispatch received, saya that a force, of
Spahis (French Arab cavalry) and native
infantry surprised Sadenlalh at the end
of August and killed him and a great
number of his followers. Two days later
the brother of Sadenlalh and the "chiefs,
with 1500 men, surrendered with all their
arms and ammunition. Of the French
force : seven: native sharpshooters were
wounded. - • > •" - • :
■• CHR1STIANIA, Dec. 10.— According . to . the
Dagbladet, J. P. Morgan of New York is buy
ing iron mines at Sal ten. '
ARGENTINE
ID GUILE
MAY FIGHT
These Two Countries Are
on the Verge of
Conflict;
Invasion of Disputed Terri
tory Is Soon to Lead Up
%o Hostilities. '
Buenos Ayres Government Intends to
Start Its Fleet for ' -the; Pacific,
! Where a Great Naval Bat
tle Is Expected.
Special Dispatch to i The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 14C6 G STREET, N.
W.;' WASHINGTON, Dec. S.~ Decidedly
strained relations exist- between Argen
tine and Chile. The two countries are on
the verge of war. There is no question
as to the accuracy of these statements.
The authority exists for making them
emphatic. In Pan-American circles, not
withstanding the understanding of the
Ministers representing the -^two Govern
ments that an amicable arrangement will
be reached, it is generally believed that
war is unavoidable! - ■'< *
• In this event the whole'of.jSouth Ameri
ca,, will be inflamed. Argentine is confi
dent that in a struggle with Chile she will
have the moral support of Paraguay and
Uruguay and the active support of Peru
and Bolivia. ' "With such odds against the
Santiago Government it is asserted that
it will be suicidal for it to engage in war
without reference to support of any other
country. Argentine, it is' learned, has
adopted a firm attitude and. is insisting
upon .the fullest explanation of the
Chilean invasion, of territory 'in - dispute
and now before the King of Great Britain
for arbitration. :. •',,'• j '■'■■.:,'-'., ■ ., .....
,„: Argentine's Minister Optimistic. $
The return to-day, of* Scnor Don Martin 1
Garcia Merou, Minister of Argentine . in
Washington, from the- City of Mexico,
where he has been in attendance upon the
Pan-American Congress as the delegate of
his Government, gave rise-to rumors that
the object of his visit was to request the
exercise by this Government of its good
offices to effect a settlement of the dis
pute of his country with Chile./ It is
learned, however.^ihat the Minister's re
turn has no immediate connection with
the Chilean 'trouble, though undoubtedly
now that he is in Washington this sub
ject will receive his ' careful attention.
Minister Merou is very optimistic as to
the outcome of negotiations under way be
tween his Government and Chile.
"My official advices," he said, "are that
the pending question in connection with
the construction by Chile of roads in the
territory in dispute between that country
and my own, which has been submitted
to the arbitration' of the Government of
Great Britain, is about to be settled in an
amicable and peaceful way. The two
Governments have, exchanged views on
the subject, and as both are animated by
sentiments of good feeling and realize the
great misfortune of war, I am confident
they ' will make every possible effort to
reach a settlement mutually satisfactory.
In the present situation of the world war
is a serious matter and involves great re
sponsibility for those responsible for - its
occurrence. It is only natural, therefore,
that both Argentine and Chile should be
endeavoring to find peaceful solutions/ I
ido not the situation is as serious
as the . press dispatches show, and I am
sure that the good relations that exist
between Chile and Argentine will con
tinue after the cloud now on the inter
national horizon has disappeared."
I Argentine Will Start Fleet,
.■'senor Don Ellodoro Infante, Chilean
Cha'rge d'Affaires, called at the State
Department to-day and met the Argentine
Minister as he was leaving, in response
to a question, Senor Infante stat
ed/that he received advices three
days ago from ■' the Chilean Min
ister ' for Foreign Affairs * stat
ing that he could not understand the ex
aggerated reports of the press, which
were' unfounded. Senor Infante is as con
dent as Senor Merou that a peaceful set
tlement will be effected/
In other. quarters this same confidence
does not exist. The United States has
not interfered, nor has it the slightest in
tention to do so; Before war occurs it
will tender, its good offices, and Argentine
will probably " accept. Chile's attitude is
not as definitely known. If war occurs,
however, it is. expected that Argentine
will . immediately • set her fleet in motion
for the Pacific, and one of the greatest
naval battles of modern times will proba
bly be fought on the Chilean coast.
CHILE PREPARES FOR WAR.
VALPARAISO, Dec. lO.-Conferences
yesterday 'between the Secretary for For
eign Affairs,. Senor Yanez, and the Argen
tine Minister," Senor Portela, ' over the
pending dispute were fruitless. The war
feveiv which is- ardently, encouraged by
the Argentine press, and which is in
stigated by; Peruvian and Bolivian diplo
macy, is assuming an ominous character,'
owing to the alarming news from Buenos
Ayres. -There was a panic yesterday in
'the Chamber of; Commerce.- Upon -being
interpellated yesterday in the secret ses
sion" of the ■ Senate, ;• Secretary ;Yanez ; de
clared *; that I after ascertaining .that Ar
gentina'; was" I purchasing a ,jvrarships, Chile
decided to , buy ; several .to. be- prepared for
emergencies.' The \ press and public y here
are " remaining calm; .' A : great popular
demonstration in honor : of . Colombia ' and
Mexicois being prepared. ; •,
SPEAKER HENDERSON OF HOUSE
COMPLETES THE ASSIGNMENTS
Loud Is the Only California Member Who Has the Gha ; rmanship
of a Committee, but All the Other Representatives Fiom the
Golden S.ate Have Places Where They Can Do Good _Work
\f W y ASHINGTON, D. C, . Dec. 10.;
>\ )\ I > Speaker Henderson at the
\^\y session of the House to-day
announced the appointment
of the committees. Usually
the committees are not appointed .until
after the holiday recess, but Speaker Hen
derson had the situation well-, in hand
when Congress met and, having complet
ed the lists, he announced them. The early
appointment of the committees' should fa
cilitate legislation considerably. In addi
tion to those heretofore given the com
mittees named by the Speaker to-day are:
Interstate and Foreign Commerce— Hepburn,
Iowa; Fletcher, .Minnesota; Sherman, New
York; Wanger. Pennsylvania; Joy, Missouri;
Corliss, Michigan; Stewart, New Jersey; Mann.
Illinois ; Lovering, Massachusetts ; Coombs,
California; Tompkins, Ohio; Davey. Louisiana;
Adamson. Georgia :< Davis, Florida: Shackle
ford, Missouri; Ryan, New York; Richardson,
Alabama.
Insular Affairs— Cooper, Wisconsin; Cannon,
Illinois; Hitt. Illinois: Payne. New York; Hep
burn. Iowa; Loud. California; Tawney. Min
nesota; Moody, Massachusetts; Crumpacker,
Indiana; Hamilton, Michigan; Slbley. . Penn
sylvania; Jones. Virginia; Maddoxr Georgia;
■Williams, Illinois; Henry, \Texas; Williams,
Mississippi; Patterson, Tennessee. .
■ Judiciary — Ray. New York; .Jenkins. .Wis
consin; Parker, New Jersey; Overstreet, In
diana; Alexander, New York; Warner. Illinois;.
Littleneld, Maine; Kahn, Calif ornia ; r Thomas,
Iowa; Powers, Massachusetts; • Nevin, Ohio;
DeArmond, Missouri; Lanham, Texas; Elliott,
South Smith, Kentucky; Fleming,
Georgia; Clayton. Alabama. .
McLachlan on Harbors.
Banking and Currency— Fowler, Nsw Jersey;
Hill, Connecticut; Prince, Illinois'; Capron,
Rhode Island; Calderhead. Kansas; Overstreet,
Indiana; Loverlng, Massachusetts; _ Smith,
Iowa;? Gill.' Ohio; Douglas, New York; .Ford
ere'rj Pennsylvania; Talbert, South Carolina;
Rhea, Kentucky; Thacker,, Massachusetts;
Lewis, Georgia; Pugsley. New York ; Padgett,
Tennessee.
Merchant Marine and Fisheries — Grosvenor,
Ohio; Hopkins," Illinois; Young, Pennsylvania;
Greene, Massachusetts; Miner, Wisconsin; Ste
vens, Minnesota; Jones, Washington; Fordney,
Michigan ; Wachter, Maryland ; Vreeland, New
York; Littlefleld, ' Maine; Spight, Mississippi;
Small, North Carolina; Davis, Florida; McDer
mott, New Jersey; Belmont, New York; Snook,
Ohio.' .. . : ' "
Rivers ■ and Harbors — Burton, .Ohio; Reeves,
Illinois; Dovener, - West Virginia; Bishop,
Michigan; Acheson, Pennsylvania; Morris;
Minnesota ; Alexander, New York ; Tongue, Or
:egon; Lawrence, Massachusetts; Davidson,
Wisconsin; McLachlan, California; Lester,
Georgia ; ; Bankhead, Alabama ; McCulloch, . Ar
kansas? Sparkman, Florida; Ball. Texas; Rans
dell, Louisiana. •
Kahn on Good, Committee.
Military Affairs — Hull, Iowa; £ Ketcham,
New". York; Parker,, New Jersey; Capron, Rhode
Island ; Stevens, ■ Minnesota ; Dick, Ohio; Mon
dell, Wyoming", Esch, Wisconsin; Brick, In
diana; Prince," Illinois ; Adams Jr., , Pennsylva
nia ; \ Sulzer, * New ; York ; Hay, Virginia ; ' Jett,
Illinois ; Slayden, Texas ; '_ Broussard, Louisiana ;
Snodgrass, Tennessee ; Rodey, New Mexico. ' ;■
* Naval Affairs-^-Foss, . Illinois; Dayton," West
Virginia; ' LoudenslageW '■> New .Jersey ; ' Butler, ■
Pensylvania; ' Bull, Rhode ' Island ; Mudd, Mary
land; Watson, : Indiana ;: Cousins, Iowa; Tayler,
Ohio ; Roberts, , Massachusetts ; Cummings, New
York; Meyer,* Louisiana; :■ Tate, . Georgia; Rixey,'
' Virginia ; i Kltckin,': North Carolina ; Van • Diver,
Missouri; 'Wheeler,' Kentucky." ■
; Immigration and : Naturalization-— Shattiick.
Ohio;' Adams,' Pennsylvania; * Howell,:- New,
I Jersey; Lawrence, Massachusetts;. Kahn, . 'Call-.
'• forniaV. Skiles, ";Ohio; Douglas. * New "York;
CALIFORNIA CONGRESSMEN WHO HAVE BEEN PLACED ON COM
;. MITTEES WHERE THEY ARE ENABLED TO WATCH AND ACTIVELY
PROMOTE THE INTERESTS OP THEIR CONSTITUENTS.
CALIFORNIANS
ON THE HOUSE
COMMITTEES
. Louc£— Postoffices and Post
roads; Insular Affairs.
Kahn — Jurisdiction; Immi
gration.
McLachlan — Elvers and
Harbors.
Coombs — Election of Presi
dent, Vice President and Rep
resentatives in Congress.
Woods— Coinage, Weights
and Measures. .
Needham — Public ■ Lands;
Indian Affairs.
Metcalf— Ways and Means.
Otey, 'Virginia; Ruppert, !N«w York; Robbi
Missouri; Rucker, Missouri. ■ • ■ -
Census— Hopkins, Illinois; . Russell, Connec
ticut; Heatwole. Minnesota; . Acheson. : Penn-,
sylvanla; ' Crumpacker, ' -'.- Indiana; Burleigh.
Maine ; Hughes, ' West - Virginia; ; Emerson,-
New York;' Griffith,; Indiana; Kluttz,' North
Carolina; Hay, Virginia; . Scarborough, South
Carolina; Burleson, . Texas^ : : », ;
-. Coinage, Weights and Measures— Southard,
Ohio; - Minor,' Wisconsin;./ Hill, , . Connecticut;
Boutelle, Illinois;- ' Cushman; Washington;
Bowersock, Kansas; Hedges, tlowa; •Ball,'
Pennsylvania ; i i Handbury, - New ;" York'; ; Dar
ragh, Michigan; •Woods/California; Cocbran,
Missouri ; . Shaf roth, ; •. Griggs, , : Geor
gia; Gaines, Tennessee; Chandler, - Mississippi;
Gooch, ■■- Kentucky ; • Wllcox." Hawaii.
Will {Watch Pensions.
'■-■ Invalid Pensions— Sulloway, :.; New - v Hamp
shire; Gibson, Tennessee; S.\ W. ' Smith, Michi-
BBICE -FI?E CENTS.
gsn; Calderhead, Kansas; Rumple. Iowa;
Aplin.- Michigan; Mlers,- Indiana; Norton.
Ohlor Crowley, Illinois; Klenbers, Texas; Lat
lmer. South Carolina; Lindsay. NeW York.
Pensions — Loudenslager. New Jersey; Bronj
well,- Ohio; Sheldon, Michigan; Borelng, Ken
tucky; Weeks, Michigan; Patterson. Pennsyl
vania; Draper. New York; Ball, Delaware; Da
Graffenreid, Texas; Richardson, Alabama; Sel
b'y. Illinois; White, Kentucky; 'Wiley, Ala
bama. : ■ ■
, Education — Grow, Pennsylvania; Knox, Mas
sachusetts; Jack, Pennsylvania: Tyrrell, Mas
sachusetts; Bristow, New York; Kyle, Ohio;
Howell, New Jersey: Aplin, Michigan; DeAr
mond, Missouri: Van Dever. Missouri; Kern.
Illinois; Mickey, Illinois; Bellamy, North Caro
lina.
.. -■.-•. - t
Labor— Garner, New Jersey; McCleary, Min
nesota; Showalter, Pennsylvania; Bartholdt.
Missouri; Henry. Connecticut; Graham. Penn
sylvania;'Emerson, New York; Warner, Ohio;
Talbert, South Carolina; Rhe3. Kentucky;
Cummings, New York; Caldwell. Illinois; Flooii.
.Virginia. '
Agriculture — Wadsworth, New York; Henry,
Connecticut; Connell, ; Pennsylvania: Wright,
Pennsylvania; Haughen. Iowa; Dahle, Wiscon
sin; Sco^t. Kansas; Haskins, Vermont; HL C.
Smith, Michigan; Moody, North Carolina;
Graft.' Illinois; Williams, Mississippi; Lamb.
Virginia ;:Cooney," Missouri; Gordon, Ohio; Al
ien, -Kentucky; ■ Neville, 'Nebraska; Flyan,
Oklahoma. „"..
Foreign Affairs — Hitt, Illinois; J. R. Atlams.
Pennsylvania; Cousins. Iowa; W. A. "Smith,
Michigan; Heatwole. Minnesota; Gtllett. Mas
sachusetts; Landls, ' Indiana; Perkins. New
York; Beidler, Ohio ;i Foster, Vermont; Din«
more, Arkansas; Clark, Missouri; Howard,
Georgia; Burleson. Texas; Hooker, Mississippi;
Napen, Massachusetts.' .
Loud Remains Chairman.
Postofflces and Post Roads — Loud. California;
Continued on Page Two.2
LODGE SPEAKS
FOR THE TREATY
Massachusetts Senator
Tells of Britain's Con
.-..._ cessions. .7- R
New Plan, He Declares,
Should Be Acceptable to
Americans.
WASjailsGIOi*. DeCi. 10.— The open ces
sion "of the Senate to-day was devoted to
routine business, such as the presentation
of petitions, memorials and* bills. The
Senate then went into executive session
on motion "of Senator "Iiodee.- who. has
charge of the Hay-PAuncefote treaty. •
After .a' '"j&unVSSri" oE^iiorhlnatl^ns had
been . confirmed'' Senator Lodg e .called up
the Hay-Paunicefote -treaty . and made -. a
brief statement regarding: i that ; conven
tion. .The Senate then adjourned. in order
to give the Democratic caucus committee
an opportunity to hold a meeting." " • •
Lodge contended that the new treaty,
does away'*' with all the objectionable fea
tures of the treaty of the:last Congress,
and enumerated the particulars in. which
the revised agreement conforms r to the
action of the Senate in the last Con
gress," when' the old treaty was before it."
He analyzed the new treaty from begin
ning to end, showing that in specific
terms It abrogates the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty of 1850, which he said had stood
constantly in the way of the construction
of an. isthmian canal. The abrogation of
this treaty, he contended, was a most im
portant achievement,, and he did not be
lieve that the United States should- or
would lose aa opportunity to make secure
that concession.
Senator Lodge also called attention to
the .omission in paragraph one of article
three of the words "in time of -war as In
time of peace." He said that In the old
treaty the paragraph read "that the
canal ehall be free and open in time of
war as in time of peace to the vessels of
commerce and of war of all nations on
terms of entire equality," etc. He urged
that the omission of this phrase had the
effect practically of leaving the United
States to do with the canal in time of war
according to its own pleasure. He also
referred to the fact that rule seven in the
treaty of the powers regulating the con
trol of the Suez canal, which had been
embodied in the original Hay-Pauncefote
treaty, had been omitted in the revised
draft. He quoted this rule, which pro
vided that "no fortifications shall be
erected commanding the canal or the
waters adjacent," etc.
This, he said, was a material concession
to the United States and was quite suf
ficient to meet the objections made
against the agreement that the United
States would have no power to protect its
property. It practically left the United
States free to fortify the canal In case
it should be considered desirable to do
eo, and was in line with the omission of
the restriction keeping the canal open in
time of war. The fact that the invitation
contained In the old treaty to the various
powers to give their adherence to the
agreement had been eliminated from the
new convention, he said, was another
compliance with the action of the Senate
on the original treaty.
These concessions, Lodge urged, were
ample, and he contended that they were
of such a nature as to render the new
treaty acceptable to all American citizens
who wanted to see a canal constructed.
Practically, he said. Great Britain had
agreed to turn the entire management of
the canal over to the United States, not
only in time of peace, but In time of war.
It is understood that the treaty will be
called up to-morrow.
PKESIDENT APPOINTS'
NEW FETJEBAX OFFICERS
Charles Darling of Vermont Is Made
:.. Assistant Secretary, of the -y :
Navy.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 10.— The President
to-day sent the folio wing, nominations to
the Senate:
Charles H. Darling of Vermont, to be
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, vice
Frank W. Hackett, resigned; George
Moulton Jr., Collector of Customs for the
district of Bath, Me.
Army— Cavalry — Lieutenant Co'onel Wil
liam C. Forbus, to be colonel; Major M.
B. Hughes, to be lieutenant colonel; Cap
lain Gecrge H. Gale, to be major. Artil
lery—Captain John P. Wisser, to be ma
5? r En S ineer corps— Lieutenant Colonel
Henry M. Adams, to be a member of the
Mississippi River Commission; First Lieu
tenant Robert P. Johnston and Lieuten
ant Colonel David P. Heap, to be mem
be £l of * he California Debris Commission.
The President also sent to the Senate
the recess appointments of Colonel Henry
M. Roberts, to be chief of engineers (sines
retired); Colonel John W. Barlow, to be
chief of engineers (retired), and Colonel
George S. Gillesple, to be chief of en
gineers.
OOTTBT MAKES RULING
IN SPANISH WAR CASE
Action by Minister of Marine Against
an English Company Is
Dismissed.
EDINBURGH. Dec. 10.— Court of Ses
sions to-day dismissed the action brought
by the Spanish Minister of Marine against
the Clyde Banking Company for £75,50)
damages owing to delay in the delivery of
four torpedo-boat destroyers, which it was
claimed were required for the Spanish -
American war but were not delivered
within the contract time.
The ruling of the Court of Sessions re
verses the decision of the lower court.
The Sessions Court held that as the con
tract was made with a state which was
a monarchy the monarch alone could
make a claim. One of the Judges dis
sented from this ruling, maintaining that
to refuse the right to claim was to refuse
<o recognize and respect the constitutional
position of a foreign Minister of state the
f«8, U VM ha l %rlng , b ® en i brought by the Span
ish Minister of Marine.
Miner Killed in Saloon How.
SALT LAKE CITY, Dec. 10,-As the re
sult of a fight in a First South street sa
loon last night, Nicholas Odgers. a miner
known as "Uncle Xick," is dead, and
Thomas Hill, a city water works em
ploye, is under arrest charged with caus
ing his death. Odgerts and Hill got into
a quarrel while drinking together last
night, and In the fight that ensued Odgers
was so terribly beaten that he died this
morning Odgers has a sister living in
British Columbia and a brother in Stock
ton, Cal.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 10.— It was announced
after the Cabinet meeting: to-day that Judxe
Francis E. Baker had been decided upon by
the President for the vacant Judgeshlp In the
Seventh Circuit cf Indiana. ■'■■-■■■■■,
ffClearingSale-ofPianqs^i
j BS^H^^S^?3!*vasjSBK- :..:. J
! Terms most* liberal. ginera -. ■■-,-':"■ ; •// .
Piano held for delivery Christmas day If you desire
Ijj The WILEY B. ALLEN CO. 1
m 933 MARKET STRBBT *- * 'I
% BRANCH STORES JjgOXBLUXD. SAN JOSE, FRESNO ////
N^^. . , A** D SACRAMENTO. . -? i; "r$T? . l^M(y.
PLAN SCHEDULE
FOR PHILIPPINES
Members of Ways and
Means Committee in
Conference. i / h ■'•
Republicans Agree on a Meas
., ;ure Involving Duty
■-■ '. .. Jtw&tGS. v
..WASHINGTON*. Dec 10.— The Republi
can members- of. the Ways and. Means
Committee to-day agreed on. a Philippine
measure, and later the entire membership
of thecommittee. Democrats and" Repub
licans,., was called together for,, the livst
time.: .7-iV'..7'.v :- : -/ - • '^•.:\
At an~ eajly meeting , of . the Republican
members \ Colonel * Edwards, chle'f ■ of the
insular division of the— War Department,
was "further heard as . to the methods cru
rPloVed r'in framing, the -schedule of rates
on imports to the Philippines. In particu
lar he brought out the fact that care was
taken to | consult with | the interested in
dustries* whenever a 1 delicate question of
adjustment arose. ■ - -
"The War Department showing brought
out the fact " that in effect the United
States enjoys a preference under the pres
ent~PhIlippirie rates, 'for,' " although no"
preference is- expressed, yet articles aro
so ..described as to prefer the American
products. - Canned goods are specified as
a marked' instance of this, the description
being such as to tit the American product
and give a -decided advantage over for
eign canned goods. ; ' ;:
The Republican members began vot'.n!?
on various features of the Philippine bill
as soon as Colonel Edwards had . been
heard. The first vote was on Represent*
tive Russell's (Conn.) motion to impose
80 per cent of the Dingley rates and the
Philippine Commission rates. The mo
tion was defeated, 3 to 5, Russell, Long
(Kans.) and Tawney (Minn.) voting in the
affirmative and the remaining. Republican
mambers in the negative. Tawney moved
that the bill repeal the export tax in the
Philippines. The motion was defeated Dy
the same vote.
This cleared the way for the bill pre
pared by Payne, which was agreed to
without formal vote. Its first paragraph
is as follows: "An act temporarily to
provide revenue for the Philippine Islands
and for other purposes — Be it enacted,
etc., that the provisions of an act entitled
'an act to revise and amend the tariff
laws of the Philippine archipelago,' en
acted by the United States Philippine
Commission on September 17, 1901, shall be
and remain in full force and effect."
The Democratic members were called in
at 11 o'clock and the committee was for
mally organized, the former clerks and
employes being re-elected and the sub
committees announced. The.' Democratic
members were .furnished copies of the
Payne Philippine bill and were advised
that It would be taken up at a meeting of
the committee to-morrow, reported to the
House on Friday next and considered . in
the House next Tuesday. The debate in
the House will be brief, probably not ex
ceeding a day, with a special rule provid
ing for bringing the question to a final
vote probably on Tuesday evening.
Chairman Payne stated that the Cuban
Commissioners had asked for a hearing,
and he suggested a hearing next Monday.
Russell then interposed a motion, which
prevailed, directing the chairman to ad
vise the Cuban Commissioners that it
would not be convenient for the commit
tee to hear them before the holidays, and
that after the holidays the committee
would consider the question. ,Tbe signi
ficance of this resolution, it was explained
after the meeting, was to postpone . the
question of Cuban reciprocity until action
had been matured on the Philippines.'
The Ways and Means sub-committees as
announced by Chairman Payne to-day,
are as follows: . . . ._ '
On Customs, Customs Districts and Customs
Of flclals-^-Payne, Dalzell. Hopkins, Grosvenor, .
Russell. Richardson and Bobertson. .
On Administration of Customs Laws—Rus
sell, Payne, Steele, Babcock, Swanson and ilc-
Clellan. . . ,
On Internal Revenue — Steele, Hopkins, Rus
sell, Tawney. Long, McClellan and Newlanda.
On the Public Debt, the Preservation of the
Public. Credit and Reduction of Government
Notes — Dalzell, Payne. McCall, Richardson and
Cooper.
On Reciprocity and Commercial Treaties —
Hopkins, Dalzell, Tawney, Long, Babcock,
Swanson and Cooper.
On Revenue from Other Sources than Cus
toms and Excises and on Miscellaneous Sub
jects — Grosvenor. Steele, McCall, Long, . Rob
ertson and Newlands.
CAXIFOBNTANS ABE HONOBEI).
Congressmen From This State Well
Placed on the Committees.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.'
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— The Pacific
Co'ast delegation generally fared well in
the House committee assignments an
nounced to-day by Speaker Henderson.
The old members of the California dele
gation got their former desirable places,
while the new members secured fair posi
tions. Both Loud and Kahn are especial
ly well placed, the former having again
his chairmanship of the Postoffice Com
mittee, the only Pacific Coast member
heading a committee except Tongue of
Oregon, chairman of the Arid Lands
Committee.
McLachlan is fortunate in his first as
signment, securing the much-sought place
in the Rivers and Harbors Committee.
Coombs has one good committee, while
Woods will- have to be content for the
present with rather unimportant places.
Needham gets his old position on Public
Lands and a new place on Indian Affairs,
but goes off the Claims Committee. Mat
calf, in taking membership on the Ways
and Means Committee, had to give up his
former place on Naval Affairs, ■with the
result that the Pacific Coast is not nqw
represented on that committee.
ADJOUBNMENT IN JUNE.
.WASHINGTON:/ Dec. 10.— The House
Committee on Appropriations held its
first session to-day, and Chairman Can
non announced the membership of the
sub-committees, which will prepare the
big supply bills,- as follows;-
Sundry civil— Cannon, Moody, Hemen
way, McRae . and Benton. ' Leglslative^-
Bingham, Hemenway, LJttauer," Living
ston and Tayler. District .of Columbia—
McCleary, Moody, Burkett, Benton and
Pierce. Pensions— Barney, Van Voorhig,
Brownlow, Bell and I Tayler. Fortifica
tions—Hemenway, Llttauer, Gardner, Mc-
Rae and Bell. Deficiencies— Cannon, Har
ney, Van Voorhis, Livingston and Pierce.
Permanent appropriations— Moody .Brown-,
low, Gardner, .Pierce and Tayler.
These sub-committees will begin work
at once. Chairman Cannon said, how
ever, that as the holiday recess would
begin on December 19 it was not likely
that any appropriation bills would be
passed before then. Cannon also stated
that It was the view of the committee
that all the work on appropriations could
be disposed of so that Congress could ad
journ bysjune. 1 next. • ■;"*',•■.'.;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WED J 90^
SEARCHING FOR WOMAN WHO
MAY CLEAR MURDER MYSTERY
Nevada County Officials Are Eager to Effect Capture of Mrs.
Charles Allen 'and Hope to Obtain From Her a; Confession That
Will Place tlip Slayer of Joseph Griffiths Behind Prison Bars
GRASS VALLEY JUNK DEALER WHO DIRECTED SUSPICION TOWARD HIMSELF - BY ACCOMPANYING TO
THIS CITY MRS. CHARLES ALLEN, WANTED IN CONNECTiON^WITH THE GRIFFITHS MURDER CASE,
AND IN CONSEQUENCE WAS PLACED UNDER ARREST BY LOCAL POLICE. V V * .
QRASS VALLEY, Dec. lO.-The
Griffiths murder mystery Is near
- ing a solution, and it-is expected
that by the end of the week the
• murderer will be | confined in the
County Jail. . The Grand Jury convened
this morning, and the entire day was de
voted to the examination of witnesses.
Interest now centers in the quest of
Mrs. Charles Allen, who left here hurried
ly several weeks ago. It is believed that
she has full knowledge of the crime and
that when she is placed under arrest she
will tell who killed Griffiths. It was an
nounced here to-day that Mrs. Allen had
been arrested in San Francisco in com
pany with Richard Bennetts, a local junk
dealer. Later it was learned that the
San Francisco detectives had simply been
able to trace the whereabouts of the
couple during their stay in that city and
to arrest Bennetts, but that the woman
had disappeared. If it is her intention to
keep out of sight, she may lead the offi
cers a. lively chase. - : _■ .
HOUSE COMMITTEES COMPLETED
Continued From Page One.
Ketcham New York; Smith, Illinois; Gardner,
New Jersey; Sperry, Connecticut; Bromwell,
Ohio; Bingham, Pennsylvania; Cromer, Indi
ana; Hedge Iowa; Slbley, Pennsylvania; Bou
telle Illinois; Swanson, Virginia; Moon, Ten
nessee; Grlggs, - Georgia; Littell, Arkansas;
Cowherd." Missouri; Wilson, New York; Rodey,
New Mexico.. -i.. ',,.
Public Lands — Lacey, Iowa; Eddy, Minne
sota • Mondell, Wyoming; Miller, Kansas; Jones,
Washington; Esch, Wisconsin; Moody, Oregon;
Needham, Iowa; Martin, South Dakota;
Tompkins, New York; Fordney, Michigan;
Shafroth, Colorado; Kleberg, Texas; Griffith.
Indiana- Brundige, Arkansas; ■ Lasslter, Vir
ginia: Burnett, Alabama; Flynn, Oklahoma.
Indian Affairs— Sherman, New York; Curtis,
Kansas;* Eddy, Minnesota; Lacey, Iowa; Shel
don, Michigan; Marshall. North Dakota;
Brown, Wisconsin; Burke. South Dakota; Mor
gan Ohio; Moody, Oregon; Needham, Cali
fornia- Little, Arkansas; Stephens, 'Texas;
Zenor Indiana; Fitzgerald, New York; Dough
erty, Missouri; Me Andrews, Illinois; Smith,
Territories — Knox, Massachusetts; Hamilton,
Michigan; Brick, Indiana; Graham, Pennsyl
vania; Cushman, Washington: Boreing, Ken
tucky; Southwlck, New York; Powers, Maine;
Jackson, Maryland; Moon, Tennessee: De
Grassfreid, Texas; Flnley, South Carolina;
Lloyd Missouri; Robinson, Indiana; Thayer,
Massachusetts; Smith, Arizona; Flynn, Okla
homa . _ .- . ' ■
Public Buildings and Grounds — Mercer, Ne
braska; Oillett, New York; Bartholdt, -Missouri;
Burlelgh, Maine; Howell, New Jerrey; Sho
walter Pennsylvania; Conner, Iowa; Martin,
South ' Dakota ; Miner, Wisconsin ; Bankhead,
Alabama; Little, Arkansas; Brantley, Georgia;
Thomas, North Carolina; Sheppard, Texas;
Meyers, Indiana. .' . '-,<• ■• : - .
Irrigation of Arid Lands — Tongue. . Oregon;
Jenkins, Wisconsin; -Ray, New York; Reeder,
Kansas; Mondell, Wyoming; Southerland,
Utah; Terrell, Massachusetts;. Newlanda. Ne
vada; Neville. Nebraska; Underwood, Ala
bama; Bellamy. North • Carolina.
Dick of Ohio Is Chairman.
Dick, Qhio; Hull, Iowa; Parker, New. Jer
sey; Graham, Pennsylvania; Bristow, New
York; Gaines, West Virginia; Vreeland. New
York; Watson, Indiana; Stark, Nebraska;
Crowley, Illinois; Ruppert, New York; Polk,
Pennsylvania; Wiley, Alabama.
Patents — Reeves, Illinois; Corliss, Michigan;
Tompkins, New York; Jack, ..Pennsylvania;
Skiles, Ohio; Irwln, Kentucky; Lewis, Penn
sylvania; Currleri New Hampshire; Sulzer,
New York; Clark, Missouri; Braezeale, Louis
iana; Rhea, Virginia; Mutchler, Pennsylvania.
Claims — Graft. Illinois; 'Weeks, :, Michigan;
Butler, Pennsylvania; Schlrm, Maryland;
Storm, New York; Nevin, Ohio; Foster,'Ver
mont; Thomas, Iowa; Miller, Kansas; Otey,
Virginia; Goldfogle. New York; Kitchln, North
Carolina; Salmon, New Jersey; Reid, Arkansas;
' War Claims — Mahon, Pennsylvania,; Gibson,
Tennessee; Otjen, Wisconsin; Haugen, Iowa;
Kyle, Ohio; Blakeney, Maryland; Holliday,
Indiana; H. C. Smith, Michigan; Sims, Tennes
see; Caldwell, Illinois; Kehoe, Kentucky;
Splght, Mississippi; Thompson, Alabama.
District of Columbia — Babcock, Wisconsin;
Mudd, Maryland; Jenkins, Wisconsin; Mercer,
Nebraska; S. W. Smith. -Michigan; Allen.
Maine; Pearre, Maryland ; Wentworth, ■ New
York: Morrell, Pennsylvania; Blackburn, North
Carolina; Stewart New York; Myer, Louisiana;
Latlmer,- South Carolina; Cowherd,- Missouri;
Otey, Virginia; Norton, Ohio; Sims, Tennessee.
Trimble, Kentucky.
'.. To Guard Employes.
Reform In the Civil Service-^GMett, 'Massa
chusetts; Lacey, Iowa; Fowler, New Jersey;,
Stops the Cough.
And works oft the .cold.' Laxative , Bromo
Quinine Tablets cure a told in . one day. No
Cure, No Pay. Price 25 cents. . •
It is not believed that Bennetts was im
plicated in the crime. ■ His arrest was due
to the fact that bVwas in company with
Mrs. Allen, which Vardused suspicion, bur
for. which' he may :be able to offer a.sat-<
isfactory explanation. — ■• ■ ••■ • •. ■ ■ ■ - -.- .•■•■•
Charles ; Allen, the husband of the
woman, has not been arrested, but Is un
der close surveillance.
Captain of Detectives Seymour of San
Francisco received a dispatch from Sheriff
D. .B. Getchell of Grass Valley on Mon
day night asking him to arrest Richard
Bennetts and Mrs. Maggie Allen, as ac
cessories to the murder of- Joseph Grif
fiths. An accurate description of Ben
netts was given and it was said that he
would be likely to call yesterday morning
at the office of the Judson Manufacturing
Company, Howard and Beale streets, or
at the Rlsdon Iron Works. Officers were
stationed at each place, - and Policeman
McGovern arrested Bennetts just as he
was about to enter the office of the Jud
son Company. He was taken to the City
Prison and locked up in "the tanks/' .
Bowersock, Kansas; Mann, Illinois; Bristow,
New York; Allen, Maine; Beidler, Ohio; Elliott,
South . Carolina; Pearson, Ndrth Carolina;
Shal lenberger. | Nebraska ; Zenor, , Indiana ; Rob
inson, Nebraska.
Manufactures — Steele, Indiana; Emerson,
New York; Gill, Ohio; Greene, Massachusetts;
Burke, Pennsylvania; Otjen, Wisconsin; Van
Dever, Missouri; Bellamy, North Carolina;
Kluttz. North Carolina;, Casslngham, Ohio;
Mahoney. Illinois.
Mines and Mining — Eddy, Minnesota; Con
nell, Pennsylvania^ Sheldon, Michigan;. Moody,
Oregon; Brown, Wisconsin; Patterson. -Penn
sylvania; Scott, Kansas; Burke. South Dakota;
Tate, Georgia; Hall, Pennsylvania; Glenn,
Idaho; Edwards, Montana; Galnes, Tennessee;
Smith, Arizona. ■ • • ......
Library— McCleary, Minnesota; McCall, Mas
sachusetts; Cummings New York; Robinson,
Indiana; Greene, Pennsylvania ; Feeley, Illi
nois. ' • ■■■■■■ ' .. ■ •
. Elections Committee No. 3 — Weeks. Michi
gan; Drtscoll>New York; Haskins, Vermont;
Blackburn, .North Carolina; Jack. Pennsyl
vania; Schlrtn, Maryland; McLain, Mississippi;
Ransdell, Texas; J. T. Johnson, South Caro
lina.
Pacific Railways— W. A. Smith, Michigan;
Hepburn, Iowa; Shattuc. Ohio; Foss, Illinois;
Driscoll, New York;- Palmer, Pennsylvania;
Jackson, Maryland; Storm. New York; Landis,
Indiana; ■ Marshall, North Dakota; Slayden,
Texas; Sheppard, Texas; Flnley, . South Caro
lina;- Creamer. New York j Feeley, Illinois.
On Select Committees.
Printing — Heatwole, : Minnesota; j Boreing,-
Kentucky: Tate. Georgia. " r.
. Select Committee en Examination and Dis
position of Documents — Roberts, Massa
chusetts; Heatwole Minnesota; Kern, Illinois.
Select Committee on Industrial Arts and Ex.
positions — Tawney,' Minnesota: Sherman, New
York; Joy, Missouri; Corliss. Michigan; Burke,
South Dakota; Hill, Connecticut;. Bartlett,
Georgia; Conroy, Massachusetts; Maynard,
Virginia. •
Election of President, Vice President and
Representatives In Congress — Corliss, Michi
gan; Sulloway, ■• New. Hampshire; Curtis,--Kan
sas; Lewis, Pennsylvania; Tompklns, I Ohio;
Gaines, West Virginia; ■ Coombs, California;
Moody, North Carolina; Rucker,' Missouri;
Foster, Illinois; Braezeale, Louisiana; Feeley,
Illinois; Glenn, Idaho. - i , ' ■ ■
Elections Committee- No. 1 — Tayler. Ohio;
Mann, Illinois; Powers. Maine; Knapp, New
York; Smith, Iowa; . Gaines, West Virginia;
Fox, Mississippi ; Bowie, Alabama ; Burgess,
Texas.**
Elections Committee No.- 2 — OlmBtead, Penn
cylvania; -Miller. Kansas; ■ Powers, •> Massachu
setts; Sutherland, Utah; Currier, New Hamp
shire; Llttleneld. Maine. - " .
Chairmen Are Named.
Following are the chairmen of the remain
ing committees:
Railways and Canals — Davidson,* Wisconsin.
Levees and Improvements of the Mississippi
River, Bartholdt. Missouri. -,'■.. -" ■ ■ .' '.■
Revision -of the Laws — Warner, Illinois. .
Private Land Claims'— G. W.Smith,- Illinois.
Alcoholic Liquor Traffic — Sperry, Connecti
cut./-' . - -■ - - . ■v.. • ■ v-vV''^
Expenditures : State - Department*- Ketcham,
New York. r .•'■.,-/ - : ' ••/ ' ■"
■'. Treasury Department— Cousins, ,Iowa. .
-War Department — Russell, Connecticut.
:.;' Navy Department— Stewart, New Jersey.- .--■
Postofflce Department— Wanger, Pennsyl
vania. . : . •- ' :-.s;-£: ,■-<• i:x .::?•:'"<.
. Interior Department— Curtis, Kansas. . •
: Department - of > Justice — Overstreet, Indiana.
Department/ of Agriculture — Gillett; New
York. -,-.- . - -.■■■■ :..','..■ -
, Public Buildings— Fletcher, Minnesota.
Accounts — Bull,- Rhode Island. •
Places" for the Minority.
Formal resolutions to allow- the . Ways
and Means ' and Appropriation ' committees
to sit during the sessions of the House
and to print . certain ' documents : were
adopted, as was ;. a concurrent resolution
for .v holiday ; recess from Thursday, De
cember 19,,to Monday,; January 6. •A reso
lution for distribution of portions - of the
President's : message r to . the several . com
mittees was adopted. ■••-••*" "• •■' •';■-.'
Richardson, the. minority Jeader, . called
Bennetts told Captain Seymour ■ that
Mrs. Allen was at the Golden Eagle Hotel,'
231 Satl Pablo '. avenue, Oakland, where.,
he.' had-: left her before coming across the
bay. "Detective Whitaker. was detailed to
find tlie. woman and bring her to the City.
Prison. ;;.-.. . . .? .:. . ; " •
Bennetts denies that he know* anything
whatever. about Griffiths? murder. He said
he knew Griffiths in a. friendly way, but
that was' all. Jle is about 4Q years .of age
and has. been a resident of Grass Valley
.for thirty years. His business is- to col-
Mect scrap iron and send it to the iron
works, here. He left Grass Valley . two
weeks ago and went to Marysville, where
he. met Mrs. Allen by accident. She asked
him to. take her to the city with him
and he did so. He had never spoken to
her about the murder. They arrived In
Oakland from Marysville on Monday
night.
Detective Whitaker learned that Mrs.
Allen had left Oakland yesterday, pre
sumably to return to Grass Valley. She
had declared she was going back to her
family. . ■■■
attention to the fact that ithe committee
pn insular affairs was not under the reso
lution to have jurisdiction over matters
relating to taxation and revenues in the
insular possessions. He intimated that if
the. committee was not to consider those
subjects it would have little to do. Payne
replied that there were many other sub
jects relating to the • insular possessions
for It to consider.
Grow of Pennsylvania, the venerable ex-
Speaker, then delivered a speech lasting
nearly an hour, on prospective legislation
for the Philippines. OHe' contended that
the constitution contained two grants of
power under which Congress: could gov
ern the Philippines according to its dis
cretion. Speaker' Henderson then an
nounced the appointment of the commit
tees,of the House. ;
At the conclusion- of the reading of the
committee lists Burke, of -.South Dakota
announced the death of Senator Kvle of
his State, and at 1:56 p.' m., as a mark of
respect, the House adjourned to Friday.
DISCOVER ONE WELL .%■■. * : •
SPOUTING FINE OIL
Company Operating in- Northern Mex
ico Reported to Have 'Made a ■
/ ' Rich Find. . >»
' AUSTIN. Tex., Dec. 10,— A dispatch from
Tamplco, Mexico, says;.: -Th'eMexlcan Pe-i
troleum Company, which' purchased 400,000
acres of prospective oil lands, ' situated'
near Tamplco, about a year ago and be
gan prospecting for oil on an extensive
scale; ..has found one well which flows 400
barrels per day, and rigs are at work bor
ing ten other wells in the same locality.
The oil is of a higher; grade than the
Beaumont product, and Its illuminating
qualities are said to be equal to the Penn
sylvania oil. The company has a capital
stock of $10,060,000, and among its incor
porators are W. H. Brown and Addlson
Lysle of Plttsburg, Pa.; W. M. Warren of
St. Louis, Mo., and Charles Wellbone of
LosAngeles, Cal. '.-.<" . • :- -
. '■ ADVERTISEMENTS. :
Impaired Digestion
, May not be all that is meant by dyspepsia
now, but It will be If neglected. > •
.. The uneasiness after eating, fits ot nerv-
ous headache, sourness of the stomach, and
disagreeable belching may not be very, bad
now, but" they will be if the stomach is
suffered to grow weaker.
. Dyspepsia is such a miserable disease
that the tendency to It should be given
early attention. This is completely over-
come by , N _ . >
Hood's Sdrsajparilld
which strencthon 9 system
v^gte^, DR. MEYERS & CO.
/W^T \ SPEClALISTS F0R M EN.
I Hi €»W V Established 1S8L Con-
; <CS * I su'tation and private book
I *^.-4^y I "«• at office or. by mail.
\ 2&i$r¥ I Cures guaranteed,
j '■ A^^^ft^ T? 1 MARKET ST. V"l .
' ;:^J^- : ; KAN ' FRANCISCO. CaI
STONE MISSES
HEAD OF EAMES
Celebrated Singer Has
Narrow Escape From
' Ipjury.
Broken "Window Glass Scat
, ' iered Over Her Face
DENVER, DeclO.— Emma Eames, the
celebrated soprano of Grau's company,
had a narrow escape from death or. seri*
oua injury last Sunday night while on a
Southern Pacific train coming from San
Francisco to Denver.
The singer was asleep in her. berth when
a stone crashed through the window and
fell on the pillow beside her head. Broken
glass was scattered over her face, but she
was not cut. She said to-day that if the
etone had entered the window three~incn.es
nearer her head she is sure she would
have been killed. She said an investiga
tion by officers of the Southern Pacific
road resulted in the discovery that the
stone was thrown by a. discharged em
ploye of the road seeking revenge.
"I'll never forget it. I love these little
excitements when they are over," said
the prima donna. "Anyway. I need some
thing like that to tone me down after my
glorious time in • San Francisco. Never
were-' such people anywhere. Ah, how
beautifully, handsomely, they treated me.
It made me so happy to see people so ap
preciative."
A,T>VEB.TIS'F,'M HINTS.
WHAT_GO^ES UP
Must Come Down.
Nothing is* more certain than that the
use of so-called tonics, stimulants and
medicines, which depend upon alcohol for
their effect, is injurious to health in tho
leng run.
What goes up must come down and the
elevation of spirits, the temporary exhil-
aration resulting: from a dose of medicine
containing alcohol, will certainly be fol-
lowed in a few hours by a corresponding
depression to relieve which another dose
must be taken. .
In other words, many liquid patent med-
icines derive their effect entirely from
the alcohol they contain.
Alcohol and medicines containing it are
temporary stimulants and not in any
! sense a true tonic. In fact It is doubtful
if any medicine or drug is a real tonic "
A true tonic is something which will re-
new, replenish, build up the exhausted
nervous system and wasted tissues of the
body, something that will enrich the blood
and endow It with the proper proportions
of red and white corpuscles, which pre-
vent or destroy disease germs. This is
what a real tonic should do and no drug
or alcoholic stimulant will do it.
The only true tonic in nature is whole-
some food, thoroughly digested. Every
particle of nervous energy, every minute
muscle, fiber and drop of blood is created
daily from the food we digest.
The mere eating of food has little to do
with the repair of waste tissue, but the
perfect digestion .of the food eaten has
everything to do with it. .
- The reason so few people have perfect
digestion is because from wrong. habita of
living the stomach has gradually lost- the
.power to secrete the gastric juice, ' pep-
tones and acids in sufficient quantity.
) To f cure indigestion, and -^ stomach
troubles it Is necessary to take after
meals some harmless preparation which
will supply the natural peptone and dias-
tase which every weak stomach lacks,
and probably the best preparation of this
character is Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets,
which may be found in every drug store
and which contain in pleasant palatable
•form the wholesome peptone and diastase
which nature requires for prompt diges-
tion.
One or two of these excellent tablets
taken after meals will prevent souring,
fermentation and acidity and insure com-
plete digestion and assimilation.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are equally
valuable for little children as for adults,
as they contain nothing harmful or stim-
ulating, but only the natural digestives.
One of. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will
digest 1S0O grains of meat, eggs or other
wholesome food, and they jj are in every
sense a. genuine tonic because they bring
about' in the only natural way a restora-
tive of nerve power, a building up of lost
tissue and appetite, in the only way it
can be done by the digestion and assimi-
lation of wholesome food.
>^N. STRICTLY RELIABLE.
jf ' e?p Br. Talcott
i^^^F Diseases and .
Weakness of
fWWeri Only
r By far;the most frequent cause of nervous
Cisorders of the male is ; • .
A DAMAGED PROSTATE GLAND.
The Prostate Gland - (so-called neck of blad-
der) is a structure very rich in n«rves_ When
the terminations of these nerves are kept in a
constant state of excitement by chronic Inflam-
matory processes, It appears very clear that by
transmission of this irritation to other nerves
the patient may be subject to nervous phenom-
ena of the most varied oharactsr. Premature-
ness, Impotency, etc., are not weaknesses, but
symptoms of. this Inflammation. We have pre-
pared a colored chart, which we will send, frea
on application, by which any one interested can
readily understand why. If he has been treated
for a weakness, he has not been cured. We
particularly solicit this clan of cases, and can
promise a speedy cure without stomach drug-
Dr. Talcott & Co., 997 Market $1, Cor. 6th
I DR.P1ERCE5 I
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD.LIVER.LUNGS.l
MSA CHICHSVTKR'8 ENGLISH
f ENKYR0Y&1 PILLS
. H*-^V*""w Orlsjlnai apil Only Oeaiilna.
Tf\ ©<«k Wl l>a*«er««s Sub«Ut«U«n» and IntU>
1 21 |Jf "fr* *«■. Particular., Te.tlm.aliu
-\^. ./• „ t«r»M«U. lO.OOOTntimonUi.. Sold to
Mention til. t»p«. U»dUo». Squara, PniLA^ pS
-igfHjtfejB^ INJECTION. <
pA PERMANENT CURE I
5 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ? .
? and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 c
2 days : no other treatment required. 5
C .' r Sold by all druggists. ■ ■ .' • >
■ ; . ' . ' v '. ; — — _ .'..*.. '
GH SAD Ammunition, Pistols, Cut-
li B 1^ 0 «L" ler) '- Carving Sets. Football,
i B S»9 -Baseball. Athletic and Out-
H B B tri H M * nK Goods for Holiday Trade.
\jff 0 W W^B ■ Selld for Catalosrue.
-^" ■ BUft^VB ft flAKBER CO..
739 Mirkek St tad 511 Ke*rny 2t
- .- ■ . ' ii I^IMMT^^ i iMnwfl litiftiitm I* ■TiMl ii iMW IMMH'
ADVERTISTnVT^TTTS.
B^£^E0TOf^ff^
The ■H»"o~~Ch'ft
«^ B e a ' a s *
j HI weight emergency
yP ration made on
// simple scientificprin-
ciples which, any
_l_Iayman can under-
-: stand. Itisthenutri-
, ment of the wheat j
flavored with barley^
malt and'eoncen-^^pr
trated into a (^8^
"Crisp" little
flake, which gives
the teeth their needed
\ exercise. No cook- j
ing—ready to use.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
to CHICAGO,
• The maximum comfort
combined with highest speed
is secured on this celebrated
train!
It runs over the :
■
•: I
SANTA FE
From San Francisco, daily, 9 A, M >
.Ticket Office— 641 Market Street.
STATEMENT
*— — OB* THE— „•. <v
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THIS
Fireman's Fund
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO. IN THE STATE OF
California, : on the Hat day of Decembar.
A. D. 1900, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to tba Insurance Commissioner-
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as . per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPTCAlfc A- a.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash H.000,000, 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $563,700 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 280,137 84
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
■ Bonds owned by Company 2,283,823 CO
Amount of Loans secured by pledge - . . i
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 181.100 00
Cash in Company's Office 14,472 07
Cash in Banks 176,032 43
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans........ 790 SO
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1,913 24
Fremiums in due Course of Collec-
tlon 460,975 61
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks.. 50,743 SS
Warrants 1.258 56
Due from other Companies for Re-
' Insurance on losses already paid.. . 8,102 C5
Advances on unsettled Marine Losses 5,078 83
Bills Receivable 1,500 00, .^
Total Assets .J4.0l3.e75 78
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid $32,093 30
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 138,773 93
Losses resisted, including expenses. 6,823 CO
Grots premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. H.153,362 83:
reinsurance SO per cent. 578,681 44
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,463,-
609 40; reinsurance pro rata.... | 744,333 go
Gross premiums on Marine' and In-
land Navigation Risks. $23,363 47;
reinsurance 100 .per cent.... 23,363 47
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $137,814 95; reinsurance SO
Percent 68.907 47
Special deposits ......'. 14,739 53
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 61.850(1
Marine bills payable 5,215 07
Total Liabilities $1,671,807 61
INCOME. =======
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,597,492 63
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 323,153 03
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 22,890 13
Received for Interest and dividends
■ on Bonds, ! Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources : 117,439 03
Received for Rents.'.................... 27,953 09
: Total Income ..$3,098,676 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.... $983,931 74
Net amount paid for Marine Losses. 197,496 85
Dividends to Stockholders 120,000 ''g^.
Paid or allowed for Commission or ' ftf"
Brokerage 237,30%
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other * W
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 236,017 74
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes: s 68.433 43
AU other payments and expenditures 191.008 91
| Total Expenditures $3,059,209 14
Losses Incurred daring the year $1,191.457 64
Risks and Fremiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year »133,735,M1 RJ15,53TW
Net amount of -Risks • •".■
year , 167,293,911 1.982.621 48
Net amount in force
* December 81. 1900 217.250.336 2.818.972 28
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $101,664)872 $862,050 39
Net amount - of Risks'
expired during the
year 103,524,793 831,08185
Net amount In force
December 31. 19C0.... 4.5?0.425 161.130 43
WM. J. DUTTON. Prest
LOUIS WEINMANN. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 16th
day of January. 1901.
ANDREW J. CLTTNIE.
Insurance Commissioner. ...
Weak Men and Womeri^
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THH
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
itrength to sexual organs. Depot, S23 Market.
T%rfcaTg» ri i sa ■[* «i nn i ifli i him «■■>—— Ii WWII tHlHi 'llJslfliiaiMMiHnHfP/ ADVERTISEMENTS.
My DYSPEPSIA CURE positively
ach trouble. It rejuvenates worn-out
stomachs. It builds up stomachsthkt
en t2 by POwerfulcSh-
artics and old-fashioned nostrums.
H^HVS"^ t F Sa * !s ««*-*«ni orwafer.bmhT
M««vW.% f S?- re **** headache in 3 minute*.
M™™ • l, : k °»?t»«t cure, all form, of pile..
Mnn™ •* 1?°* £"* <*rrect*allbloodimpurltie«.
Bess ?!•?*/ L"'** Cure correct, headache. bUiou*
Bess, jajndice. constipation aad all \Wer diseases.
Muayon's Female Remedie. are a boon to^omen.
J£?E!* Sthm i Curc d Herbs *«sBaranteedto
M I - la ttlnc t" "d cure in five day*.
Mucyon's Catarrh Remedie. never faO.
menace, JJKJ£! "^^ *** to ~* k
Mcnyon has acure for every disease. The Guide
«• L«*»Ith (free) tellsof them. C~w, mostly 25 cts!
M ™>™. New York and Philadelphia. 5
. gUXTOVS iy&lLEB CCSES CATIBBH.
SPECIAL SALE
UPHOLSTERED
FVRMTUftE.
25% Discount
On Upholstered Parlor Suits,
Odd Chairs, Sofas, Rockers, etc.
Ghas. M. Plum & Co.,
1301-1307 Market Street.
AT
AUCTION
CONTINUATION
OF
EXTRAORDINARY
AUCTION SALE
OF REAL ESTATE
WILLIAM A. PIPER
ESJATE,
December I6th a 1901.
Tfae following choice acd select list of lmprored mai
■oisiproved properties tril; be sold for the heir* of tbe
late William A. Piper, at our salesroom, Monday,
Ijeceraber 1C. 19CL, at 12 o'clock soon, by order of Gut-
tare U Cctssc. sole referee, subject to confirmation
toy tbe Superior Court.
Northeast Cor. Sutter and Goagh St*.
This choice corner would pay handsomely If properly
Improved. Lot 70x120, three frontages.
1450, 1452, 1454, 1456 & 1458 Franklin St.
Southeast corner Boab St. This choice inTestment
eons!sta of two corners, with fire eleesnt 2-rtorr and
baaemeot bouaes of 14 room, and bath each, cecti
f21S per month. Lot 123x114.6.
-Also-
Two desirable 'bnllilaj lota, S£xlSO each, fronting OB
Bub St. and Fern Atb. Will be sold separately.
1212 to 1226 Polk St.
Sotztheut corner Bosh St. This choice besinee
property consist* of two corner*, and is close to the
tr&nsfer point ot Sutter and Polk BU. Improvement*
ronsist of eight stores and tore* flats, with frame
buildings. Kos. 1325-1329 Bush St. Rents $330 pet
raonta. Lot 122x150, three frontages.
McAllister St.
Near Junction of Market aad Jones Sts. This chotar.
business property could be made to yield handsomely If
properly improred. Lot 123x87.6, Irregular.
City Hall Arenne.
Between LeaTenworth and City Hall Square. Two
Choice building lots, 25x100 each.
212 Washington St.
Between Front and Da t! s Sts. ImproTements consist
cf frame building. Rente 553 per month. Lot 22x139 1*
Oregon tit.
FOTREUO.
Portion of Block 441, lot 100x400. three frontages.
" ** •• 466, ** 100x430, three frontages.
„•.... 432, •» 100x300. two frontages.
«••*•* £13,** 100x409, three frontages.
■;-. • , •• •• £12," 100x200, two frontages.
*•"*•* 475, ** 100x300, two frontages.
•»*•*• 514, ** 100x430, three frontagsa.
•••**• £20, ** 200x200, three frontagss.
•* •• " £18, ** 100x130, two frontaces.
Gfft Map Xo. S. .
Elsie Et.. west line, between Ecmeralda and Oot&
fu. Lots 35*, 266, 2S6J and 368, 25x70 each.
Far cfttalogBM and farther parUcalan, apply to
G. Jt. CMBSEX * CO.
14 atontiroroery Strut.
DDTTOU17Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
HrLULJlluO ers bootblacks, bath-
***■•■ ****** houses, billiard tablse.
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers, c&nners.
dyers flounnills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hkagcTB, printer*, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
ll - ii ii nil *■ _ Blsr O Is a aon-pofseaooa
7 J t* i<rf|B i HilTMiTr»» > r« remedy tor Gonorrhoea.
4F/E^^r m _i*4BCS Gle«t, Spermatorrhoea,
Whites, unnatural di*.
ycggy. , u j ter( . Tg chaises, or anr inflamma-
f-jZj r \natrcd to *^ tion, irritation or clccra-
r***i> Tliutun. tioa ot xnncoos xnea-
r** -,*B •"*«" ■»»*•*««»• fcranee. Kon-aetringent.
KT?TKt£««S CilEMjC^O. gtom by r>nnrnats,
%J^2». CJNEKHtTi.O 'C&j3 or sent in plain wrapper,
>Hfi3k. P.S.A. J3JbT expresa, prepaid, for
AHSBSh*lZ^A/fir\i fl-°°. or 8 bottles, 12.75.
Circular aest on resect U
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlca Lists Mailed
on Application*
COAL. COKE ANJ »ll 1RO.X.
Jr TUTl cnv «• Ct\ •W Battery Street.
• C- W JLbUN & \J)'t Telephone Main ISM.
FRESrl AXO SALT MEATS.
tic WiVU" tr I Shipping Butchers. 104
JAS iUlfcbgtJ- pay. Tel. Main ISM.
~ ~~~ OILS.
IMBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
-fr 418 Front «t-. S. F. Phone Main 17U.
I'KINTINU.
B. C HUG3ES, m -ggTg s. f.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
TEE HICKSJUDD CO..
_ 23 First street, Sao Francisco.
FLEISHMAN
HEADING FOR
VERA CRUZ
Fleeing Cashier Probably
Speeding Through
Mexico.
It Is Believed He Intends
Boarding a Steamer for
South America.
Bank Attach.es Property of Fugitive
Greater in Value Than the
Amount of His Defal
cation.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 10.— The search
for Henry J. Fleishman, the absco'nding
cashier of the Farmers' and Merchants'
Bank, has thus xar been unsuccessful.
The only clew discovered by the police
officials, after running down every rumor
that came to their ears, is the fact that
Fleishman departed from the Arcade depot
of the Southern Pacific Company be
tween 8 and 9 o'clock last Saturday
morning. Some time between these hours
Fleishman appeared at the station, wear
ing an overcoat and carrying a light-col
ored hand satchel about fifteen inches
long. One of the railroad employes who
knows Fleishman spoke to him and In
quired as to his destination. The de
taulting cashier replied that he was go
ing over to Pasadena on some business.
The depot employe says he did not see
Fleishman again— In lact, paid no fur
ther attention to him — and does not know
whether or not he purchased a ticket or
took the train. •
A policeman at the Southern Pacific de
pot, however, supplies the Information
that the railroad employe could not give.
He knows Fleishman well and could i\pt
be mistaken in the man, and he declares
positively that he saw the fugitive at the
depot between 8 and 9 o'clock on Satur
day, and that Fleishman boarded the
train for Pasadena. Fleishman entered
one of tbe coaches and had not emerged
when the train pulled out.
Buys Ticket in Pasadena.
The ticket to Boston which the cashier
purchased was bought in Pasadena on
Saturday, and not In this city. He board
ed a Southern Pacific overland train in
that city and started for the East. How
far he traveled on the Boston ticket Is not
yet known, but the authorities will soon
be able to land this information by trac
ing the ticket through coupons In the
hands of conductors along the line. It is
certain that the Boston ticket was bought
as a ruse and that the cashier did not
travel far on it.
It is believed that he left the train
somewhere in Arizona, New Mexico or
Texas, to connect with sOme branch road
that would carry him across the border
of Mexico. The theory Is that he is now
speeding toward Vera Cruz, with the in
tention of boarding a steamer in that port
for some point in South America. The
authorities are working on that supposi
tion.
Fleishman, had he remained on the over
land, would have reached El Paso Sunday
morning at 7:05 o'clock and a Mexican Cen
tral train departs three hours later. Had
the absconder planned otherwise, by using
the Sunset limited, be might have left
the train at Benson, A. T., stopping there
until Sunday night, when he could have
taken a train for Guaymas. That port is
crowded with tramp steamers plying be
tween the ports of Central and South
America.
If the fugitive continued his journey
to El Paso he is presumed to have halt
ed before reaching Mexico City, where
he is known. There is an extradition
treaty with the southern republic, a fact
of which he doubtless was aware. At
Vera Crux he could board a steamer for
Central American and South American
ports, whose ainhorities do not sur
render fugitives.
It is accepted as a fact that Fleishman
did not flee to Lower California, where
his ample funds would prove an attrac
tion to freebooters, who would not scru
ple to relieve him of his money.
How the Money Was Stolen.
Some interesting details in connection
with the flight of Fleishman came to
light during the Investigations conducted
to-day. It was not until last Friday that
his plans were perfected and the money
I: Friedman' s Furniture I
OPEN EVENINGS NOW. /|
Yes, I love pil^rplrt
7 You may hear that or |
a similar expression from most any lady if there's I
a hint that she might have one for Christmas. |
Cohsnial designs in weathered and Flemish oak. Dainty French styles 1
in blrdseye maple and mahogany. Artistic carving and novelties in inlay H
ins. Every range of price up to 575.00. One in golden oak, with pigeon S
holes and lock on writing leaf, that many a girl or boy would like, or just H
do grown folk in a small room — mahogany finish, same price, $3.00. fj
There's pleasure— and a welcome— in looking over our immense stock at gj
any time, but particularly so now that every department is crowded with N
helps fer the holidays that will endure as well as endear. ||
You can find appropriate things for every age, station or sex, for as little I
or as much as you want to expend. - ||
Statuettes, pedestals, jardinieres, arid seats and chairs for ail.' * 0
A shaving stand will gladden bachelor or benedict. : - M
China closets and cabinets tor the wife; easy rockers and Morris chairs 1
for grandma and grandpa. : -> . H
Cushions, portieres and Oriental drapings for holiday brightening. if
T~\ Rugs, gray, 2 feet 8 inches by 5 feet 6 inches, ' $1.65. i
<JJ Lll White Fur Rugs of the same size and quality, • $1.75,. |
Carpet Department, Third floor. M
"The Credit House." Six Stories High. |
1"?1 5 2 3 I Goods htorfed in FhbJSZZj pJ^'l^L**' I
Post Street _.^^^^^^^ mammmmmi * 0 *^^ ■'■*"■ 37 H
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1901.
VENEZUELA MAY FIGHT
BUT CAN HAVE NO AID
Uncle Sam Will Not Engage in That Cqun
tty's Controversy With Germany.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
f* ALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N. W v WASH
& INGTON, Dec. 10. — President Castro will not
have the support of the United States in his defi
ance of Germany. " His declaration to the American
who visited him that he would -resist by 1 force the collection
of the German claim, though he was disposed to pacify Ger
many by, permitting the establishment of a German colony
on Venezuelan soil, attracted considerable attention in ad
ministration circles. President Castro can engage in war
with Germany if he wishes, but he certainly will not be al
lowed to cede territory to Germany for colonization pur
poses, nor is it probable that Germany would accept such a
concession. . _;.
"The Monroe doctrine," said President Roosevelt in his
annual message, "is a declaration that there must be no terri
torial aggrandizement by any . non- American power at the
expense of any American power .on American soil. We do
not guarantee any American state against punishment if it
misconducts itself, provided 'that the punishment cloes not
take the .form of acquisition of territory by a non- American
power."
Before Germany orders her fleet to seize Venezuelan
it is expected she will acquaint the United
States with her intentions at the German embassy. In an
swer to a question of Germany's attitude toward Venezuela
reference is made to a statement made by Baron von Hol
leben, the German Embassador, immediately after his re
turn from Berlin, that Germany has no thought-bf extend
ing her sovereignty over any portion of the -Western hem
isphere.
that he took with him was obtained
after the bank had closed that after
noon. How he obtained these funds is
described by the assistant cashier.
When the money was being stored in the
vault after the closing hour, Fleishman
and the assistant cashier deposited $60,000
in currency in a small box which was its
customary over night receptacle. While
the assistant turned around to get more
money to place in the vault, Fleishman
must have slipped the big bundle of bills
out of the box and secreted them in his
clothing. The assistant cashier was ab
sent but a moment, and Fleishman had
no time to lose. When the cash was
counted after the cashier's disappearance
the box that usually held the currency
was empty.
This $60,000 was all the cash that Fleish
man took with him in his flight. The bal
ance of his shortage represents money
that he .had taken from time to time
previous to his departure.
After ho had obtained tbe bundle of pa
per money by stealth, there was still one
chance open to the cashier to avoid- ex
posure, and he waited for this before
starting on his journey that may termi
nate in the penitentiary. It was that
some change in Wall street conditions
might come to his rescue and enable him
to make good the money he had previ
ously stolen from the bank. With this
faint hope he delayed his departure until
the following day. Early in the morning,
long -before the first, stock quotations
were ticked over the wires from ' New
York, he was in Creary's bucket-shop to
learn the opening quotation on Amal
gamated Copper. He could not conceal his
nervousness or the feverish anxiety with
which he scanned the figures when they
were posted. He had lost. Amalgamated
Copper had touched $61 50, its low water
mark. Fleishman went straight from the
bucket shop to the Arcade depot and his
flight had begun.
There Is no longer any doubt that it was
his losses In this copper stock that led to
the cashier's downfall. He Invested heav
ily in the stock when it was seling at $20
above par, and when the bottom fell out
of Amalgamated and he had used up his
ready cash to "cover" he drew upon the
funds of his .employers, believing that
there must come a turn In the downward
tide that would enable him to repay the
money without detection and save that of
his own that had disappeared In the
slump. His last hope went when the re
turns of Saturday morning showed that
Amalgamated, Instead of rallying, had es
tablished a new low- water mark.
Bank Is More Than Secured.
Fleishman has left behind a fortune
greater In value than that of which he
robbed the Farmers' and -Merchants'
Bank. In addition to the $30,000 bond sup
plied by a surety company and his real
estate, valued at $50,000, he held convert
iblo stocks in different corporations, to
the value of $75,000. These, together with
the real estate, have been attached by
the bank. The institution has $155,000 with
which to offset its loss, the highest esti
mate of which places it much below thts
figure.
These stocks were left by Fleishman In
the hands of a friend in this city, whosa
name the bank officials refuse to reveal.
When this friend learned of Fleishman's
heavy defalcation he went to the bank
and informed it that he was the custodian
of the stocks. They were at once at
tached and will go fax toward "squaring"
the fugitive's account with his employers.
The directors of the bank met to-day
and set an expert at overhauling all of
Fleishman's accounts. Nothing further
than the statement given out yesterday
as to the amount missing, it was said at
the bank, had developed. State Bank
Commissioner Barrett made an examina
tion of the books to-day, and found Lhe
institution in a splendid condition.
The directors have authorized an offer
of $2500 reward for the apprehension of
Fleishman and an additional $2500 for the
return of the missing . money. >;.
I Judge Shaw granted the writ of attach
ment on the property of Fleishman," upon
the request of Graves, O'Melveny& Co.,
attorneys for the Farmers' and Mer
chants' Bank.
WOMAN WITH FLEISHMAN'.
Constant Companion of Cashier Whllo
He Was in Bakersfield.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 10.— Henry J.
Fleishman, the absconding cashier of the
Farmers' and Merchants' Bank of Los
Angeles, was In this city on November 8
last, having been brought here as a wit
ness In the A. L. Forsythe forgery case
on a bench warrant issued from the Su
perior Court. At that time he testified
that Forsythe had no account with the
bank of which he was cashier and on
which the arrested man had forged
checks and cashed them.
Fleishman was in this city but one day
and evening. While here he was In com
pany with a woman. Fleishman was reg
istered at the Southern Hotel, but there
is no record of the woman on the hotel
register. Whether she came with Fleish
man or met him after his arrival is not
known. Fleishman has many friends in
this city, and, while he was seen by some
of them In company with the woman,
they profess ignorance as to her identity
or the city of her Vesidence. She was a
decided- brunette of striking appearance
and was attired in a dress of rich, dark
material. It Is known, however, that the
unknown woman was not a resident of
Los Angeles or Bakersfield. This much
is vouched for by Fleishman's friends,
who refuse to talk much concerning the
case, as they do not wish to gain pub
licity thrtiugh the predicament in which
Fleishman finds himself.
- The cashier while in Baker sfleld lived
quietly. He kept constant company with
his, female companion, but evidently he
and she were careful to avoid attracting
undue attention. On the evening of the
day on which Fleishman arrived In this
city : he and some of his friends attended
the floral fair which ■ was given at that
time. by the Woman's Club. The friends
who saw Fleishman with his companion
and who profess ignorance as to her
identity give as an excuse for their lack
of attention to detail so far as the woman
was concerned that they paid no particu
lar attention to her or her dress, as It
was not dreamed that Fleishman would
ever be In trouble. There was no reason
why they should' observe her. closely.
Those who know Fleishman best In this
city are" evidently aware of the name and
place of abode of the woman! but they
refuse absolutely .to say anything con
cerning her further than to deny that she
Is a resident of this city or Los Angeles.
Subscribe for The Daily Call for a
period of six months and you will be
entitled to receive a copy of Cram's
Superior Atlas of the World, edition
cf • 19O1, at the premium rato of
81 50.
HE LOOKED LIKE FLEISHMAN.
Santa Clara Constable Arrests an
' Intoxicated Ironmolden
SANTA CLARA, Dec. 10.— Local peace
officers were thrown Into a furor of ex
citement this evening over the prospect of
catching Fleishman, the absconding bank
cashier of Lo3 Angeles. Well dressed and
drunk, 'with a few dollars which he spent
lavishly, B. F. : Dudley, an iron-molder,
who came from Boston to '. work In the
Risdon : Iron- Works' in, San- Francisco a
short time ago, was taken for the default
er. Constable Lovell made " the i arrest
early in the evening and notified Sheriff
Langford. Dudley. was too intoxicated to
give an account of himself, but after a
couple of hours' quizzing he regained his
senses enough to prove .who he was.
Dudley was well dressed and about the
height and build of Fleishman, but hte
hands showed he had been used /to hard
labor. In ' his pockets was $27. After be
ing satisfied that the man was not Fleish
man, Sheriff Langford took him > to San
Jose and. put him to bed.
BANK IS NOT AFFECTED.
State- Commissioners Receive Report
-. ■';*. FromvA."',W. Barrett.
The following telegram. was received by
ASSASSIN TRIES
TO END HER LIFE
Woman Found Badly
Wounded in a Wash
ington House.
Case Like That of Young
Ay ers Puzzles the De
tectives.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— Mrs. Ida GU
bert Dennis, a dressmaker, was found In
an almost dying condition in her room at
5 o'clock this morning under circum
stances that promise to rival the Bonine
murder case. Her skull was .fractured,
her Jawbone was broken and her left ear
was almost severed from the head. Her
left arm bore bruises indicative of a
struggle, and her \ clothing and the bed
ding were saturated with blood. She was
removed to the Garneld Hospital. The
name of her assailant is unknown.
The general belief . is that Mrs. Dennis
was attacked while asleep in her back
room on the first floor, and that the first
blow,'. In : all probability administered with
the piano stool, which was smeared with
blobd, rendered her unconscious. The pre
liminary investigation by the police failed
to. indicate that there was any struggle.
Mrs. Dennis, in a conscious moment while
being carried to the hospital, said that
some, one had ■ "hurt" her, but when
pressed' for - details merely responded.
"Never mlnd.V • '. . v
Robbery. was apparently not the motive
for the crime, for on the table at the foot
of the bed was a small box containing: a
pocketbook well j filled with greenbacks
and coin. There was a bloody imprint of
a hand on the piano lid in the parlor, and
a window in that room was open. It is
supposed the assailant escaped through
thts window. When found Mrs. Dennis
was clad In her night garments and was
in bed under the cover. She was partly
conscious, although she has been uncon
scious most of the time since. -
The detectives are satisfied that the sev
eral blows of the piano stool must have
been wielded with considerable force, and
that there was no outcry. Mrs. Dennis'
groans, however, were heard by a woman
on the third floor and in the adjoining
house. About the same time Policeman i
Livingston and a watchman, who were
two blocks away, heard what they be
lieved to be a woman's scream. Mrs.
Dennis is about 47 years of age and is one
of the best /known women in business
here. She is the widow of Walter Den
nis, an actor. An operation was per
formed on Mrs. Dennis at the hospital
this afternoon. Very little hope is held
out for her recovery.
Complete mystery as to the motive for
or the perpetrator of the assault on Mrs.
Dennis continues to surround the case.
The police have been baffled in their ef
forts to obtain any clew upon which to
prosecute their work. Many theories as :
to the motive for the crime are being con
sidered by them, but absolutely no facts
have developed upon which to base a
clew to the person or persons implicated.
The victim of the assault remains In a
precarious condition at the hospital. The
physicians say she may regain conscious
ness, in which event It is expected she
will say something that will give the po
lice something to work upon. To-day in
brief periods of lucidity she mentioned
the name of a man whom she knew and
the police are seking to ascertain if he
possibly could be connected with the case
in any way. No arrests have yet been
made. The physicians hold out only a
slight hope of the woman's recovery.
BARK IS LOST;
SEAMEN PERISH
Seven of the Pinmore's
Crew Meet Death in -
Disaster.
ABERDEEN, Wash., Dec. 10. — The
Scotch bark Pinmore, Master Jamieson,
owned by Clink Bros., of Greenock, Scot
land, . and bound from Santa Rosalia,
Mexico, to Portland, in ballast, went Into
the surf at the mouth of Raft River,
north of Grays Harbor, last Wednesday
night. The crew abandoned the vessel
and took to the boats. One of the boats
was capsized shortly after, leaving the
Pinmore and six men were drowned.
The other boat reached shore safely, af
ter having been out for thirty-six hours.
One man died, from exposure. Following
are the dead:
JOSEPH WHITE.
H. .WHITE.
R. DRAAK. ,
T. PRIOR. •-■•■'..'/.■-
H. DEVEEN.
STANLEY SHERRAN.
CARL NELSON.
The crew made their way by land to
Oyehut, where the tug Ranger brought
them to Hoquiam. One of the seamen,
P. Pearson, is nearly dead from exposure
end is in the hospital in Hoquiam. The
crew report that the vessel disappeared,
but it is believed she has been towed off
by a tug from Astoria.
Captain Jamieson says he was oft the
Columbia River on November 22, but the
gale blew, him northward. He worked
back- to the Columbia on December 2, and
was close enough to receive a tug or pilot
boat, but another gale blew him north
ward and he was powerless. . . '
The Ernest Reyer, ashore north of
Grays Harbor, Is broken in two and Is a
wreck.
SEABCHIUG FOB,' HIDDEN"
WEALTH OF A BECLTTSE
Fortune Believed to Be Buried on the
Premises of the Late Eliza
• Clark.
SACRAMENTO, Dec 10.— Mrs. Eliza
Clark, who died in this city recently, lived
In close seclusion for years. Public Ad
ministrator Smith, in searching the prem
ises to-day, found bank books showing
deposits of $5856. It is believed that she
has money burled In her cellar, . as the
books show no deposits within a year and
she collected rentals of $100 a month. Men
will be put at work digging In the cellar
to-morrow. Mrs. Clark has no relatives
here, but Is said to have a sister in Ban
Francisco. <
the Board of Bank Commissioners yester
day:
C. H. Dunsmoor, Secretary Bank Commis
sioners, 530 California street, Sal) Francisco,
Cal. : H. J. Fleishman absconded with $100,000
Farmers' and Merchants' funds. Bank amply
protected. They have written oft loss from
surplus account, leaving condition of bank as
follows: Due depositors, $6,817,000; cash on
hand and with banks, $4,910,000; capital and
surplus, $1,350,000. Bank In fine condition.
No excitement. A. W. BARRETT.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS. j
WHAT CAUSES' UANDU/OOT 1 .
Greatest European Authority on Skin
Diseases Says It's a Germ.
The : old - idea was that dandruff is
scales of skin V thrown off,' • through a
feverish condition of , the ■ scalp. Professor
Unna, Hamburg, Germany, European
authority on skin diseases, says dandruff
is a srerm. disease. ; The germ , burrows
under the scalp, throwing up little scales
of cuticle,', and ; sapping the vitality of
the hair at the root The only hair prepar-
ation-, that kills " dandruff germs is New-
bro'8 Herpicide. "Destroy the cause/ you
removei the effect." Not only /cures dan-
druff, - but stops - falling hair and" causes
a luxuriant growth. Delightful hair dress-
ing. . ,
_ ; / DB. KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
THOUSANDS HAVE KIDNEY -
■ TROUBLE AND DON'T KNOW IT
f||l|LJ»|^
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy, Will
Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May Have a
Sample Bottle Sent Free hy HaiL
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sick-
ness and suffering than any other disease, therefore when
through neglect or other causes* kidney trouble is permitted to
continue, fatal results are sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention— but your kidneys
most, because they do most and need attention first. ..•
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, be*
cause as soon as your kidneys are well they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince anyone.
The mild and Immediate effect of Dr. poor digestion, when obliged to pass your
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, tbe great kidney water frequently night and day, smarting
and bladder remedy, is soon realized. It or Irritation In passing, brickdust or sed-
stands the highest for its wonderful cures iment in the urine, headache, backache,
of the most distressing cases. Swamp- lame back, dizziness, sleeplessness, nerv-
Root will ' set your whole system right, ousness, heart disturbance due to bad
and the best proof of this is a trial. kidney trouble, skin eruptions from bad
14 West 117th St., New York City. blood . neuralgia, rheumatism, diabetes,
Dear Sir: Oct. 15th. 1900. bloating, irritability, worn oat feeling,
"I had be«n Buffering severely from kidney lack of ambition, loss of flesh, sallow
111 ? complexion or Brlghfs disease,
could hardly drag myself along. Even my 1' Jour water, when allowed to remain
mental capacity was giving out, and often I undisturbed in a glass or bottla for
wished to die. It was then I saw «» advertise- t wenty-fou- hours, fortes a sediment or
1 ? SfT'haS' « settling or has a cloudy appearance it is
promised a sworn guarantee with every bottle evidence that your kidneys and bladder
of your medicine, asserting that your Swamp- need immediate attention.
Root is purely vegetable and does not contain Swnmti-Riiot \* th« e-rpnt rtlxrnvp-rv of
any harmful drugs. I am seventy years and _ aw £ mi^ ,*, " l , gr ?" discovery of
four months old, and with a good conscience I Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and blad-
can recommend Swamp-Root to all sufferers der specialist. Hospitals use it with won-
ffli y k l^ffi%« 1 SSKnS^&ii?fSS J"*" 1 . ?™~? both *"«?£"? TH ere
different kidney diseases, with the ■ same good cases. - Doctors recommend it to thetr
results." \ • patients and use it in their own families.
With many thanks to you, I remain, because they recognize In Swamp-Root
Very truly yours^ ___ the greatest and most successful remedy.
kobekt berner. Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take and la
You may have a sample bottle of this for sale the world over at druggists in
famous ' kidney remedy, Swamp-Root, bottles of two sizes and two prices— fifty
sent free by mail, postpaid, by which you cents and one dollar. Remember the
may test its virtues for such disorders as name, Swamp-Root, and the address,
kidney, bladder and uric acid diseases, Binghamton, N. T.
EDITORIAL NOTICE.— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or
bladder trouble, or if there is a trace of it in your family history send at one*
to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., who will gladly send you by mail,
immediately, without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book
containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters re-
ceived from men and women cured. In writing, be sure to say that you read
this generous offer in the San Francisco Dally Call. -
Divorce for Mrs. Frost.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 10.— Margaret E. Frost
was to-day granted a divorce from Wil
liam Frost on the ground of cruelty by
Judge Hyland. Frost is a well-to-do
rancher at Rucker. Mrs. Frost Is given
the sum of $700 and the community prop
erty. There are two small children— a
boy and a girl. Frost is given the custody
of the: boy and Mrs. Frost Is to have
charge of the girl.
r~ =^~^^^^= «r V
.^^^% Sprains
■ :^«bE^ Bruises,
.ij©T?y JftlprtiiYer's ■
There is no more simple way of curing a bruise or ;
sprain than using Halpruner's — rub it in well — until you f
know it has penetrated— saturate a flannel with Hal- \,
pruner's and bind it about the injured parts— that's all
and that's enough.
if Trial Treatment Free.
To prove the remarkable merit of his wonderful medicine Dr.
Halpruner gives trial treatments every afternoon between 1 and
4 o'clock, except Saturdays and Sundays, at his office, third floor,
■ 28 California street. Tclep hone consultation free — Bush 463.
ALL DRUGGISTS should sell Halpruner's— if yours refuses
to supply you "the; Halpruner .- Medical MTg Co., 28 Califor-
nia street. San Francisco, will send you a large bottle by prepaid
expressage on receipt of $1.00.
I have used Dr. Halpruner's Pain Remover for poison oak,
sprained ankle and a very troublesome corn,. I also Rave a little to 1
a friend who has been trou bled with muscular rheumatism for
months. He used your remedy for four days and the rheumatism
has entirely disappeared. I can- recommend it to. remove all the
above ailments, as vl -have suffered with them. I never found any
,, remedy that would cure so. quickly and thoroughly.
J. H. DALEY, 504 Davis St.. S. F.. Cal.
5 v : ■ ■ ' ' • ;: "__■ - " '•• ,_^__^r
"— » — — — « »^— ——»«»-■—.— — -.— —- . * iJiiwi iimn ■nmmiwifilliii MnMiUMTrainMimiiprHI
Dies Suddenly on a Train.
VENTURA. Dec. 10.— The body of
George Deeklnger was taken from a
Southern Pacific train at this place to
day. The deceased was a victim of con
sumption, returning from Phoenix, Ariz.,
to his home in Concord, Contra Costa
County. When near Piru he was sud
denly stricken by death. Hia wife was
with him and will accompany the body
north to-morrow.
34
PASSENGERS ON SAN RAFAEL
TELL ABOUT WORK OF CRE W
Several Witnesses Are Called Before the Examining Board to Testify
Concerning the Behavior of the Deckhands After the Collision
Between the Two Ferry-Boats During the Heavy Fog
THE -passengers of the. ill-fated San
Rafael" had a chance to telV their
story yesterday in the presence of
United States Inspectors of Steam
Vessels Bulger and Bolles. Hith
erto mates and captains and crews unbos
omed themselves. Now come. the passen
gers—men who helped to save lives and
■whom the fog did not daunt. They all
told tales of heroism, bells and a dense,
impenetrable fog-.
Frederick J. Hood was the first witness
of the day. He testified that the passen
gers did most of the life-savtng:. He did
not think the crew as a whole was of
much account. Of Captain McKenzie's ac
tions he said not'iing- but good. "The crew
did not appear well drilled," he said.
"Some of them above told the women to
go below. Those below told the women to
go above."
Then came Dennis Gorman, a marine
engineer by occupation, connected with
the ferry-boat Tamalpals. Gorman's mind
was wholly taken up with fog whistles,
signals and technicalities.
Few Workers Among th" Crew.
Gorman was succeeded on the stand by
\V. D. Oatrssen, a passenger on the San
Rafael. . ~
"Aa the Sausalito came alongside," he
said, "it looked as if she were going to
pass us. It seemed to me that out of a
crew of twelve there were four -workers.
I did not see much of the crew about.
They should have had two men to each
lK»8.t. Only those who were in the boats
could handle them correctly. An outsider
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
WODllllV
Recommends
Nerviiie.
The above portrait is that of
Countess Mogclstud, of Chica-
go, 111., whose gratitude for the
benefit received from the use of
Dr. Miles' Nervine prompted
her to make this statement: .
*It affords me great pleasure to add '
raj testimony to the v_ery excellent '■
merits of'Dr. Miles' Nervine. Although '
I am pafct So years"«t"a^c*I find it '
soothes lhe tired braia, quiets the irri-
tated nerves and insures restful sleep.
. I never 'feel cpntented without a bottle
of it in the house." Gratefully yours,
Christiana Maria,
Countess Mogelstud. -
Miles' Nervine
is a nerve tonic' and . $trcngth-
bufldcr "that "starts : jright I in > re- '
storing health immediately.
Sold by all Druggists.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
might have • twisted the lowering ropes
and made matters worse under the condi
tions.
"Do ycu think more boats would have
been an advantage?"- asked -Buger. The
witness appeared lost In thought.
"If they lowered all the boats there
were, would it have been sufficient?" con
tinued the cross-examiner. ....
"I think so," said the witness.
"How did these people get in the wa
ter?"
"I don't know. By hearsay I know a
*% .«■■«..♦-»..»--♦--»-»-«-»--♦--»-»-»-♦-»-» ♦»■-»-■«-'»-»-<-■
CALLS MEETING
OF COMMITTEE
Executive Body of Re
publican Clubs Is to
. Gather.
The executive committee of the State
League of Republican Clubs has been
called to meet Jn the rooms of the Repub
lican State Central Committee in the
Palace Hotel, San Francisco, on Monday,
the ICth lnst., at 2Vclock p. m. The No
tice issued yesterday by Alden Anderson,
president of the league, sets forth that
the principal business of the committee
will be to fix the time of the next league
convention to lie held in San Jose in (he
spring. The Los Angeles convention, held
in the latter part of April, 1900, designated
San Jose as the place for the club repre
sentatives, to convene .in, 1902. • It now be
comes the duty of •' the executive corrimit
tee to fix the exact time for holding the
convention in San Jose. It is said that
a time in the latter part of April or iarly
in -May will be acceptable' to the Retmb'
lican. clubs of. the interior. It Js expected
that nearly 3000 delegates will attend the
biennial convention and take an active
part. In the opening of the State campaign
of 150?^ ;. The, object of. the, league ia to
promote the ' success of- the Republican
party.- The constitution .forbids the 'in
dorsement of candidates for office. . The
officers of the league, are:
Aldt-n Anderson,' fiulsun,' president; Clio
Lloyd, Santa Barbara, first vice president;
Lynn L. Shaw, Pomona, second vice president;
Albert . Lindley, Bakersfleld, secretary, and
Fulton Taylor, Oakland, auUtant secretary.
'■ Among the well-known Republicans of
California at the Union -League Club yes
terday were Harold T. Power and Lieu
tenant Governor Neff of Placer, Thomas
Flint Jr. of San BeuKo and Dr. Chester
Rowell of Fresno. ; . •- \ \ •
- They exchanged greetings at the club.
Harold' Powers has not indicated -to; his
friends -that'-he would be pleased to re
eeiv«.the Republican nomination for Gov
ernor,' ;but ft is said that If he should
'the' ratje.the 'countieB of Nevada,
Placer. El poradT5, .Tuolumne, Amador
and Calaveras would send delegations to
his support. The mountains have not had
a Qbvernor since William Irwin's admin
istration. The second' place on the ticket,'
that ot Lieutenant Goyernor, has been
several -times accorded* to the mining re
gion. The Republicans elected J. B. Rcd^
dick of Calaveras and Jacob Neff of
Placer.., v _
HOSPJTAk .ATTENDANTS" THANKED.—
Dr. Edwin Bunnell, chlet Burgreoii, and C. C.
Bucher, chief steward, at the Emergency Ho§
pHaL-jtStenJay received a letter of thanks
■from D&rlc Ladse of Masons for the attention
shown Otto W. Chomett, a member of " the
lodg«v who recently- fell from- a new building
and 'bad rbotn lego broken.;-. ." ;• ■ • ■,»;-.
THE SAN FBANCISCO gAL,L; WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1901.
PASSENGERS AND EMPLOYES
WHO TESTIFIED ABOUT THE
SAN RAFAEL WRECK. - J
number of people jumped overboard.' They
feared either an explosion' or suction, 'I
was told. I. think the boat, was run as
safely that "night as it could have' been'
under: the- circumstances."
Clinton Mason came next. He was on
board with a Jady friend and all his ef
forts were directed toward the saving. of
her life: .....--..
Tells of Signals to Stop.
Richard Wasser, first assistant engineer
of the Sausalito; had a turn at evidence
giving.. Bulger asked him:- "What- time
elapsed from the first bell to the signal
to slow down?"
"About six minutes after came the three
bells. We made about three or four turns
back after that before they came to
gether." ' • '*." : ."
"How long does it take you to . make
four turns back?" was the query.
"Oh, about a minute to stop," was the
answer. "The bell rang 'stop backing' im
mediately after the collision." • The wit
ness testified that under the same condi
tions it, would take five revolutions to back
the boat in the slips.
Frederick Petersen, night watchman on
the San Rafael, gave testimony which
was of no great material value. He
didn't know whether the port boat had
pmgs in or not.
AMERICANS FALL
IN THE BATTLE
Fierce Engagement With
Force of Insurgents
MANILA, Dec. 10.— Thousands of peo
ple are leaving Batangas province for
places of safety. General James M. . Bell
reports an important engagement between,
a force of t insurgents, at Labo, -province
of Camarines, and a detachment of the
Twentieth Infantry. Three Americans
were killed. I The loss of the enemy is
riot known, but is believed to have been
heavy. General Bell anticipates a speedy
extermination of the irreconcilables.
■ A large force of Insurgents recently at
tacked the town of LJpa, province of
Batangas, killing one soldier and several
TiVmericanistas. Troop H, First Cavalry
killed ten of this enemy before the re
mainder of the insurgent force escaped
The Filipinos evidently expected a vic
tory, for they had cut the wires arid car
ried off a hundred yards of the line.
The. natives are stirred by the '-closing
of the ports and bitterly object to recon
centration. A Filipino force consisting of
200 riflemen and 4tK> bolomen recently at
tacked* Nagpartian, province of \ North
Ilocos. Company M. Eighth Infantry,
acting' on : the-- defensive, drove off tha
enemy, killing eleven . of them, with no
logs to, themselves. ,. ' ,, .
The Americans and Fusion Federals
elected their full ticket at the local elec
tions held in Iloilo, island of Panay. The
constitutional code allowing soldiers to
vote played an important part in the
elections. ' , - •
William B. Preston, formerly a captain
in the Forty-third Infantry,, has com
mitted suicide. *
Fissin^ersHCpniprQinise for $1000.
"" The -suits for damages against the
Southern Pacific - Company instituted 'by
the administrators of the estates of
Adolph ' and 'Minnie Bissinger, who were
killed In an accident near Mill City. -Nev;
have been withdrawn.' Bach of the ad
ministrators sued for J25.000 and compro
mised for $1000. •
Football at Petaluma.
: In a game of football at Petaluma last
Sunday the Hammond football team of
this city defeated the Petaluma eleven by
a score of 6 to 0. The game was full of
good line bucking, especially that of AVald
flshr of the Hammonds and Howard' of
Petaluma-. :' . - .
The Manly Art
Of self-defense is handy if you happen to
need Jt. Boxing gloves, all slses 'and
prieeB.'*-SklnnerOo.,*416- Market-street: * -j
JOCKEY O'CONNOR
TO BE A BOXER
Will Be Matched for a
Bout With Hundred-
Pounder.
" Kid " Lavigne and Heagerty
Meet To-Morrow Night '
, •. ■" ! in Oakland. ■'
Jockey Winnie O'Connor has a violent
attack of pugilistic fever, for which Alex
Greggains of the San Francisco' Athletic
Club\ has undertaken to provide an anti
dote. It will assume the shape of one of
the hard-hitting y6ung. boxers who learn
ed the rudiments of the game in- the club
gymnasium. ; • ,
O'Gonnpr . has been a regular attendant
at all the minor club fights since he came
to this coast upon 'the \bpening of the
racing season. He has always been near
the ringside" and seme humorist has inva
riably announced that he would fight the
winner. * '
O'Connor generally entered a mild ob
jection, saying: "I don't want any of his
game." He has changed his mind, how
ever,. and Greggains has agreed to find;a
hundred-pound opponent for him. He will
also provide a gold medal for which ,the
boxers willfight. The bout will take place
at Mechanics' Pavilion the night Gardner
and Kid Carter settle their differences.^
Sam McGibben, who cpllects the jockey
mounts at Oakland racetrack, has not de
cided what boy will take O'Connor's plac-2
the* day after the fight. >
O'iConnor Boxing With Simms.
O'Connor is boxing daily with Art
Simms, the clever Cleveland lightweight,
and will be in condition for any kind of a
bout/ He is the holder of a medal em
blematic of the hundred-pound champion
ship of Brooklyn and wants to add to his
title that of champion of the Pacific
Coast , at the weight. As the majority of
Greggains' bantam-weights can hit like
Jeffries,. O'Connor will quickly decide
whether he wants to continue in the ring
or devote his talents to earning $25,000 a
year in the saddle.
: Kid Lavigne and Tim Heagerty, the Aus
tralian boxer, who came to this country
especially to fight Terry McGovern, will
meet in a fifteen-round bout to-morrow
night at-the. Acme Club, -Oakland. — They
are to weigh in at 130 pounds and each will
be within ounces of the. 1 stipulated
weight. . Heagerty has been gaining
steadily in weight. since he arrived, here
and should be strong and fast. The fight
should be a repetition of the "Young Cor
bett"-Terry McGovern encounter.
Heagerty a, Natural Fighter.
Heagerty's natural instinct when he
draws on the gloves is to attempt to an
nihilate the man in front of nun. He tried
this with Gus Ruhlin when the latter was
in condition to meet Jeffries. He cut
Ruhlin's mouth and nose and blacked his
eyes and made good his escape before
Ruhlin could reach him. ■ ••
The spectators who saw Kid Lavigne in
his remarkable fight with Walcott know
his caliber. How much he has lost since
then in speed is a question which cannot
be answered until ,the fight is -over. , No
gamer man than Lavigne ever entered a
ring. From Heagerty's record in Austra
lia it is evident he 'does not know the
meaning of fear.
.The majority of the spectators from this
city will take the. 7:30 p. m. . narrow-gauge
boat. "Jack" Kitchen will referee, the
bout. • " ■.
.George Gardner -and Kid Carter , are in
active training for their return match 1n
Mechanics' Pavilion on the 20th inat.
Both have increased materially in weight
since their. first meeting some months
since. Carter showed, improved... form
wheh he fought and defeated Walcott.
He • had then taken on considerable
weight after* having '.:been- defeated by
Gardner. \ \ .... - •:>
• ' The new boxing regulations for next
year, recently adopted' by fhe Supervisors,
.will mean a shaking up of .the.fight-pro
moting .clubs. ..Under the. new ordinance
, only bona-flde athletic clubs can promote
I the sport. The license has been advanced
from $1200 to $3000. The officials of the
i San. Francisco Athletic Club have decided
to paythls and will continue in the game..
Their "club "is one of- the few which- meets
the requirements of the new ordinance.
"Jim" Kennedy, the New York promoter
of sports, has made overtures to Alex
Greggains to join forces with him next
year. Greggains declined the proposition.
He has had plans prepared for a gallerv
in the Sixth-street gymnasium which will
increaee its seating capacity one-third
and will be more comfortable for all the
spectators.
PRESIDENT VOORHEIS
NAMES EaS COMMITTEES
Members of the .California Miners'
. Association , VTho Will Serve .
During Ensuing Year.
President Voorhiee of the California
Miners' Association yesterday announced
the following committees:. ' •
Executive Committee at Large— Hon. J. H.
Neff (chairman), San Francisco; W. C. Kalston,
Robinsons; Harold T. Power, Michigan Bluff;
Tirey L. Ford. San Francisco; A. D. Foote,
Grass Valley; Edward Cqleman, San Francisco;
Charles G. Yale, Sari" Francisco; W. W. Mon
tague, San Francisco; J. J. Crawford, San
Francisco; B. N. Shoecraft, San Francisco;
Charles C. Derby, Mariposa; Louis Glass, San
Francisco; C. C. Bush, Bedding; Dr. C. T.
Deane, Kan Francisco; David • McClure Jr.,
Gwin Mine, Calaveras County; George B. Dow,
San Francisco; J. "VV. C. Maxwell, -t^an Fran
cisco; C. M. Belshaw, Antloch; B. A. Belcher,
San FranciscouLewis, T. "Wright. Keswick; J.
F. Halloran, San Francisco; John McMurry,
Uklah; W. S. Keyes. San Francisco; W. H.
McClintock, Sonora; Willis G- Dodd, • San
Francisco; Dan T. Cole, San Francisco; George
H. Wallis, San Francisco; F; F. Thomas,
Gwin Mine, Calaveras County; A. J. McSorley,
San Andreas; Fred Bradley, San Francisco. '
County Executive Committee:, Alamecia —
Frank A. Leach, San Francisco; Professor S.
B. Christy. Berkeley. Amador — J. F.' Parks,
Jackson; John R. Tregloan, Amador. Butte —
A. . Kkman, Oroville; \V.' P. Hammon,' Oro
viile. Calaveras — Lafe Pence, San Andreas;" I.'
S.. Foorman, San Francisco. El Dorado — W.
A. Wlnsbdro, ' San Francisco; H. ~E. Picket,
Placerylile. Fresno— A. R. .BriggB, Fresno;' W;
H7 McKenzie, Fresno. Inyo-^J. J. Gunn, Dar
win; J. E. Meroney, Independence. Kern — B:
F. Brooks, Bakersneld; J. B. Treadwell, Kern
City. Mariposa — A. H. Ward, San Franctsco;
William Johns, Alameda. Mono — R. T. Pierce,
Lundy; J. S. Cain, Bodie. Nevada— J.S.- Mc-
Brlde, North San Juan; W. F. En&lebrlght,
Nevada City.: Northern California— J. H. Tib
bits, Redding} E. A. Davis, San Franciscu;
George Hellmuth, Callahans, CgJ. .Placer —
William Nii-holla Jr., Dutch Flat; E. J. Ken
dall, Auburn. Plumas — A. B. White, Spanish
Ranch; S. W. Cheney, San Francisco. Sacra
mento—J. H. Batcher, Sacramento; A. C.
HlnkBon, Sacramento. Santa ■ Clara— Thomas
Derby, New Almaden; Ellard W. C. Carson,
New Almaden. San Francisco— J. O. Harron,
San Francisco; .' Colonel GeorRe Stone, San
Francisco. Shasta — W. J. ; Ginispie, Heddln*;
Fred '- Hurst,' Redding. Sierra — F. . S.. Moody,
San Francisco; Frank R. Wehe. Downlevllle.
Solanc— A. C. Holly, Dixon; Alf. Tregidgo,
Vallejo. Sonoma— Alfred Abbey, San Fran
cisco; C. A. Grimmer, Pine . Flat; i Sonoma
County. Southern CaHfornia — H. Z.' Osbome,
Los Anseles; C. A. BurchanV Los -Angeles;
Daniel Murphy, Los Angeles. Slsklyou — A. G.
Myers,- Fort Jones; T, J. Nolton, Yreka. Trin
ity—C. D. Galvln. Weaverville; W. 'I: Hupp Jr.,
WeavervHle; . Tuolumne— Charles A. Long,
Orovejand: Samuel L. Fischer. Sonora. Yuba
— W. B. Meek',: CamptonviUe; Joseph Durfee,
Smartsville. , :. V* ' ' -,■-■■. ,
" Committee on finance — Andrew , Carrigan,
(Chairman). Joseph SIoss, J. O. Harron, all of
San Francisco. , ' ' '*' "
Committee on legislation— Hon. John F.
Davis (chairman), ■ Jackson; W. B. ...Lardner,
Auburn; J. R. Tyrrell, . Grass Valley; W. C.
Ralston, Robinsons; C. M. Belshaw, Antioch;
F. ' S. Moody, San FrancUco; A. , E. Muenter,
Lathrop; R. C. Rust, Jackson.
* Committee on mineral lands and conservation
of water— Harold T.Power (chairman), Michi
gan Bluff;' Marion' Da Vrles, New York City;
Professor- George -Davidson, San Franoiaco;
Mark B., Kerr, -Grass Valley; H. E.. Picket,
Placervllle; B. ti. Rector, Nevada City; Mars
den Manson, Han Francisco. ,-:■•■
', Committee pn department of mines, and min
ing—Hon. W. C. Ralston (chairman),' Robin
sons: J.* F. Hnlloran, Ban Franclscp; Charles
G. Yale, .San Francisco; W. S. Keyes,- San
Francisco ; : F. , L. Stewart, . Jacfcson, . . ,
• Committee on' dams — A. . Camlnetti (chair
man), -Jackson: Fred Searls, ■ If evada City; J.'
S. McBride, North San Juan; A. 1 C. -Hlnkson,
Sacramento; Joseph Mooser, San Francisco; W.
B. Meek, Smartsvllle; Mark B. Kerr, Grass
Valley/ - ., ' ~ ~.
- Committee on revision of constitution and by
lawe—JiarkB. Kerr (chairman). Grass Valley;
C. H.-, Dunton. ' .;• Placervllle; Colonel George
'Stone, -Snn" Francisco.'- • ' ' .' '
BEDECK BEATS OUT WYOMING
IN A LONG, PUNISHING DRIVE
Sir Lewis- Fails to Finish Inside the Money — Fitzkanet Captures An
other Purse — Bedner First at Odds of 12 to i, Ridden by Bull
man—Winnie O'Connor Past the Judges on Three Winners
WYOMING, the war horse from
Gaylon Brown's' stable, lost
: one more head finish yester
day at Oakland track. This
time Bedeck, with Winnie
O'Connor up, accomplished the feat. Old
"Wyoming did not seem disgruntled, for
he has played the star role in tod many
hard luck tales in the past. ' Caesar
Young's .mare Eonlc : opened favorite for
the race, which happened, to be the
fourth, a seven furlong run. . Reports of
her condition were not flattering and the
smart ones played Bedeck down from 3
to 7 to 5,, making him practically the post
choice. Wyoming seemed possessed of all
colors of speed, and Woods, toddying to
him, took the lead, --Eonic soon falling
out of it. From the head of the stretch
home ' Wyoming and Bedeck had it out,
the latter getting the verdict. Possibly if
Woods had waited with Wyoming the
result might have been different, for the
aged gelding, runs best when ridden that
way.
Condition of Track Improved.
There was a great improvement, in the
condition of the track, and this afternoon
it ought to be fast. Besides Bedeck, two
other favorites, Fitzkanet and Redwald,
gathered purses. • •
Walter Jennings sent two to the barrier
for the maiden two-year-old scramble in
El Bano and Bussezo. He did not think
much of either. El. Bano won all the way,
with 6 to 1 about the pair coupled. Bar
ney Schreiber's Schwarzwald beat Ro
sarie a neck for the place. Angeleno, the
favorite, finished back in the bunch.
A 4 to 5 favorite. Fitzkanet, piloted by
J. Daly, won the first six furlong selling
dash. Leading from the start, he .led
Floronso and King Dellis out a couplfe of
lengths.
undoubtedly the severest fall the talent
took was when Mike Daly's Sir Lewis for
got to finish among the first three in the
two-year-old event. He was plunged on
at short odds, but his recent races in the
mud must have dulled his sham edge.
Commissioner Forster Wins.
Commissioner Forster, a 7 to 1 shot,
with Woods in the saddle, disposed of
Landseer in a drive after Flo Culver had
cut out the running.
In the (mile selling affair Redwald had
nothing to beat, finishing first by three
lengths with pounds to spare. El Rey
lost the place to Canejo, a 20 to 1 out
sider, by. a head.
Jockey John Bullman, on Bedner. a 12
to 1 shot, beat a fair field of sprinters in
the final race of the day. He cut several
of the other starters off when the barrier
was released, and in a long drive with
the favorite. Prjncess Titania, downed the
filly a length. The latter was pounds the
better had she not been cut off and then
hustled along too fast to make up lost
ground. Hungarian also had a tempestu
ous .voyage.
Track Notes.
Tommy Magee, who for a number of
years was with Ed Corrigan, will be here
In a few days to take charge of the sta
ble of L.-V. Bell,. the wealthy New York
turfman.
Winnie O'Connor piloted three winners
in El Bano, Bedeck and Redwald. His
ride on the latter horse was a nice piece
of horsemanship.
"Frisco" Lind tried King Dellis with
out blinkers and the horse seemed to run
better. •;
Mike Daly says his boy Larry is always
getting beaten on favorites. It might be
a good system for Mike to put Johnny
Daly on the favorites and Larry on the
longshots. . • • . . . . .•
The I firm of Forsythe & Chinn made
their first start at the meeting with Mon
tana'Peeress and Matin Bell. ... - "
Hoar has fallen into a bad habit lately
of hustling a horse too much 'the first
part. of a race, if he. happens to get away
from, the post .badly. .
The entries .for this afternoon's events
are. as follows: . . /. .
First race — Five and a half furlonjjs, selling,
three-year-olds and upward r
2028 Young Morllo.llj 2SS4 Bagdad 112
2928 Alado ...112 2039 Aphtodls • 107
203a Afghan 112 2!)4« Nellie Holton.112
2SC0 Heraldo 112 2872 Sisenvlne 107
20+t Helen Smith. '.10T 2940 B. F. Mason.. 112
2807 Mrs. Brunell..l07 2021 J. Bog-gs 112
Second race— Five furlongs, selling:, two
year-olds:
280C>Montoya IIS 2016 Flattered ....115
2!)51 Snowberrr ...115 2800 The Giver 11H
2655 Jar' tiere d'Or.115 2942 Louwelsea ...115
Esternell 115 2»51 Bragg :..118
2661 Tyranus .... .115 (2a3S)CatheIlo 113
2934 Phyllis 115
.'Third race — Seven furlongs, selling, three
year-olds and upward : ■
20415 Dunblane li:s. (2950) Native 110
20S7 David S 105 2S87 Goldone 113
(294B)Gusto 1131
Fourth racer-Six and a half furlongs, handi
cap. . tRrce-year-olds and upward:
280-t Rosormonde . 98 (2S51)Watercure-. ..122
'205:j)Doublet 110 283S Varro • ;... 90
2857 The Fretter.. .100 '204(J)Meehanus ....119
.Fifth race — One and an eighth ■-. milea, sell
ing, three-year-olds and upward:
28:« Artilla 101 (2!)25)Punello ..I... 104
2954 Tony Lepping. 0"« 293tJ Hushftelds ...107
2936 Lodestar 107 2954 Plohri 107
2941 Merops 1OI ■ j .
BEAUIIFUL
. -AT—
S. & Q.
A t Jam. EL :
The Latest European ■
Importations in ■
Oujets fl'Art, Etc.
113 Geary Street.
Larger and Handsomer
Assortment Than Ever,
OPEN EVeNINCS 1 AFTER
DECENIBERIIth.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETBAQK—JTues<tey^^
2956. ' FIRST RACE — Futurity courae; maiden two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
ii. Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St.. #. *i'. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2255 El Bano 115 2 lh 13 13 1 2% W. Jennings & Co. O' Con 7-2 6
2910 Schwarzwald ....110 8 5 )& ' B 1 \3 % 2n B. Schrelber. ..J. Woods . 6 10
293S Rosarie 110 4 31 2 *£ 2 h 3 10 P. Hawley...; Hoar| 4 5
Mont. Peeress 115 7 7% 61 * Vj * ¥t Chin»& Forsythe.-Fntly 6 8
2932 The Maniac 115 6 Bl 92 5% 5 2 John Kane Prior 5 8
2926 Meteoro 107 5 8^8^81 62 J. F. Stewart. ..L. Daly 40 10O
2932 Angeleno 110 9 4 1 7 2 9 1.7% E. J. Baldwin & Co.Ran 7-2 11-5
25(53 Discovery 118 9 0 417182 W. McCreery. - .Bulhnan 8 IS,
2932 Wandering Boy.. .110 11 10 10 10 1 9 2 La Siesta Ranch.. Howsn 10 Xjm
Jim Roberts.. 118 10 11 11 11 1 10 2 R. Hughes A. Kelly 15 4» f
2932 King Herald 109 1 2 2 5 1 6 1 11 Mrs. Grossheim & Co.Bz 8 1» •
.... Bassezo 115 12 12 12 12 12 W. Jennings & Co. O'Nell *
Time— To %, :22?i; to %. :47; last 94, 1:02%: short «4. 1:13%. Fair start. Won first three
driving. Winner. W. B. Jennings * Co.'s b. g. by Ben Ali-Calora. El Bano surprised the
stable folks. Schwarzwald ran well. Angeleno does not seem to be any cracitajacK.
aieteorowilllmprove : *Cou^^
2957. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, 1325.
j ; * ~~ — ~~ ~ Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %.. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op- d
fwit vuyifBnpt <t~ i"Jk~K l*h 11 14 12 W. M. Rogers... J. Daly 4-5 4-5
'otfSN 3 .:::::^! I* U 54 2% P.-McGuI™.... Buchanan 5 13-2
«SQ1 Klne- Ttehu A ins t 2n21 9n 3nC. 14nd J. Vi oods 7 25
W71 Our LlKie ' *" ' t» 4 tv> 41 2 n 4 Vj W. H. Ketcheman.Adam SO 150
(S93)MlMMa? e i)a*"4:.l9 I 3? In 42 6 20 W. W Elliott.^.Jackson 8-5 9-5
2607 Racetto, 4 ......105 6 0 6 B « J- A. Cruza... Matthews 12 50
Time— ii :25i4: V, 60; %. 1:15%. Good start. Won handily. Second and third driving.
Winner, W.M. Rogers" b. c by Fltzjames-Sekanet. Fitzkanet possessed «>• Wto4
speed. Floronso ran a nice race. King Dellis has plenty of speed but is inclined to
sulk. Our Lizzie will do next time. Mae Day outfooted and cut ofC^on tarjturn. _^_^
2958r~TH?R^RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
1 — : — p — -. i I Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Oy. CL
2945" Com. Forster ....118 5" 4*% 6 3 1 1 % J. W Schorr... J. Woods 6 7
•>ft45 Landseer 115 3 3n 2n J4J-22 • Ezell & Lazarus.. Bullm 4 3
» Fk^Cutver" '::::: .115 2 In I? 1132 Stanaeld&ElllaD^a « 60
(i<w>i sir Tfwla lift 1 51 4h 42 45 M. J. Daly I* Daly 7-10 3-5
Matin Bell 115 4 6 52,6 5 12 Chixm & Forsythe.Fntlry 10 60
280^ affy Crff»'::::::ilB « 8UHH6 O. W. Scott..Wlnslette 40 100
Time— 3-16. :19%: K. :24%; %. :49%: 5%f. 1:09%. Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner, j. W. Schorr's ch. c. by Unden-Pennlah. Winner received a splendid ride. Bull
man on Landseer made too wide turns. Flo Culver only tired the last sixteenth. Sir
Lewis a bltterdlsagpolntment^ J ( a8^^ J^^?;. _ _ „_._._._-._-,-.,-.-_-- _ - -
2959. FOURTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $323.
! ~- "~"~ — | ~~~~~ Betting. ,
In^ex Horse. Age. Weight. St. Vj. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op- CL k
2947 Bedeck, 3 liol 3*2^ JTi 1 % 1 h J. Gardner..... O'Connor 3 7-5^
U. M J49) Wyoming, a 112 4 26 In 2 5.25 . J. O. Brown & Co.Wods 6-2 3
2948 Eonic. 3.. ...107 24 24313% Caesar Young. ...Buchan 6-5 7-5
2948 John McGurk, 3..107 1 In 4 4 4 Dr. Rowell.. J.Matthews 10 50
Time— % :13%- Vt, :25%; %. :50%: *i. 1:16: %, 1:29%. Good start. Won first three driv
ing. Winner, J. Gardner's ch. c. by Star Ruby-Bedott. Bedeck apparently shines bright
est on a good or fast track. Wyoming does better when waited with the first part. Eonlc
had not been doing well. Mcj^^^j^Prtoted-^^^^^^^^^.^^.^^^^^.^.,^,^^
29GO. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
'■ : ' Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. Y*. %- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
2919* Redwald. 4 107 4 22 4h 11 13 Jennings & Co.CConnor 4-5 7-10
093;: canejo 4 110 1 5h 62 32 2h Owen Brothers.. Mounce 6 20
2910 El Rev 3 993 1%11 2h 3n P. C. Dona leche... Hoar 3 3
2941 Alicia, a 107 57 7 58 4% P. Moore Ransch 6 B
2919 Burdock. 4...;. ..107 6 4h 5h 41 5% J. S. Campbell.. L. Daly SO 75
2881 Free Lance a 110 2 3 % 31 6 2 ti 10 W. H. Ketcheman. Jcksn 4 7
2897 Raap, 3 98 7 6 % 24 7 7 J. Green Treanor 60 100
Time 1/ -2T- i' 3 , :S334; %. 1:19%: mile, 1:46. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. ' Winner, W; B. Jennings & Co.'s ch. g. by Tenny-Redworth Rose. Win
ner much the best. El Rey ridden in poorest going. Alicia has gone back. Free Lance
has suspicious underpinning. Burdock had & bit of speed. Scratched — Go Out 110, Whale
back 107, Torslna 107. .
29O1. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
~ ' yvTj . Bettinff.
Index Horse. Ab«- Weight. St. Vi- %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(2939) Bedner. 3 107 11% 25 lh 11 F. W. Doss Bullman 6 10
2882 Prcs. Tltania, 3..907 21 In 22 22 Caesar Young Hoar 7-2 14-3
29-U) Flamero 5. ......107 5 6 % 4 2 4 2 3 ns D. Cameron O'Connor 7-2 16-5
2943 Ben Ledl, 5 110 4 52 3 % 3 Vx * 5 G. W. Scott. -Winslette 6 6
2912 Hungarian. 6 110 3 3h 5 2 6 2 52 G. W. Miller Mounce .", 7-2
2911 Censor 3., 102 6 4 1 6% 6 1' 8 1 J. Rothert Jacksonl 20 40
29o9 Xellie Forest. 3.. 102 2 7% 727 10 7 15 Magrane & Cc-..Buchnan| 3 ft
2440. King's Pal, 4.... 104 8 8 8 8 8 . |P. Weber L. Dalyl 60 10O ,\
Time Vi • :2U; \i, :5O: %, 1:15. Good start. Won first three driving. "Winner. K. W. Dosa*
b. c. by Sablne-Starlight. Away on the fly, Bullman cut nearly everything off at the start
with Bedner. » Princess Tltania was pounds the besC Hungarian was down on the rail '-
and bothered half a dozen times. Scratched— Midnight Chimes 107. Alfred C 110, Artilla
107. ■ Kalos 107. . ' '
Sixth race — Five and a half furlongs, sell
ing,, three-year-olds and upward:
2896 Letiger 112 2950 Frldolln 107
29*1 Alas 112 2900 Quiz II 107
i.'88B Compass lOil 2853 Novla 112
2879 Patsy Dolan..ll2 2040 Parisfal 107
2704 Tizona .: 112 2901 Modder 107
2911 Mid't Chimes. 112 28\0 McNamara ..112
To-Day's Selections.
First race — Afghan, Heraldo, J. Boggs.
Second race — Jarretierre d'Or, Esternell,
Snowberry.
Third race — Goldone. Native. Dunblane.
Fourth race — "Vfratercure, Meehanus, Varro.
Fifth race— Merops, Lodestar, Suneilo.
Sixth race— Parsifal. Quizz II, Midnight
Chimes. .
New Orleans Racing.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 10. — Summary:
First race, eix and a half furlongs— Pyrrho
won. ilame Wastell second, Masterful third.
Time. 1:25.
Second race, one mile and a sixteenth. sell-
EASTERN STARS TO MEET
THE PENNANT WINNERS
For the Second Time Pitcher Whalen
Will To-Day Face the Crack
Baseball Players.
Jimmy Whalen is to have another
chance to demonstrate his capacity as a
twirler in fast company. Though it was
first intended to play the baseball pen
nant winners in only two games against
the American Association stars, so great
has been the demand for another contest
that the management decided to bring the
two teams together this afternoon.
Jimmy Whalen. who won his game last
Saturday, is to 'do the boxwork for tho
California champions. Whalen is eager
for another go with the heavy stickers of
the big league, and the visitors are anx
ious for another chance to straighten out
his curves. Bernhard will make his first
appearance in the box here. He will do
the pitching for the Eastern team. He is
said to be a faster man than Waddell.
The Oaklands will go against the visitors
to-morrow and Friday. The Sacramentoa
will have their chance Saturday and Sun
day to show what they can do. From
what has already been seen of the.East
ern men it is evident ■ they are all they
are represented to be. The home team
has demonstrated that the California
League men are capable of playing fast
ball. The game will be called at 2:45 p. in.
BICYCLE RIDERS ROZjXi
UP A GREAT MILEAGE
Six-Day Record Will Probably Be
Beaten in the Madison-Square
Garden Bace. ; .:- :.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— The competitors
in the six-day bicycle race at Madison
Square Garden were grinding away tb
night to retain their positions. Before
another day has passed the record Is like
ly to be broken. In the early morning
the men were going at a loafing pace, but
this evening sprints were frequent At 7
o'clock the eighteen miles the leaders had
fallen behind tho record had been reduced
by eight miles. . .
To-night there were 5000 people in the
garden. At 7:30 o'clock King and Samuel
son, the latter relieving his partner, made
a" daring attempt togain the'lap which
would put them in line with the leaders.
The "Mormon 1 ' boys' effort was a spirited
one. Billy ■ King sprinted and gained a
lead of one-quarter of the oval amid tre
mendous applause. His partner relieved
him and held this slight : gain for some
time, until Walthour caught him. Mc-
Eachern then relieved Walthour and the
pace continued fast, • ,
Before midnight the crowd was esti
mated at 10,000. The score at iyo* clock
was: t ' '■■'. ■'.'• - '
Fisher and Chevalier. 875 miles 2 laps: But
ler and McLean, 976:2; Newklrk and Munro
075:2: McEachern and Walthour, 075:2; Maya
and Wilson, 073:2; Lawaon and Julius 075:1;
King: and Samuelson. 076:1; Babcock and Tur
vlllp, 975:1; Fredericks and Jaak. 074:0; Hall
and McLaren, 074:0. ~
ROBBED QF HIS VALUABI*ES —William
Wallace, a recent arrival from the interior,
caused the arrest of Annie Courtney yesterday
morning on a charge of stealing his watch and
a small sum of money while they were drink
ing in a. Third-street saloon.
ing — Bean won. Patchwork second Piederich
third. Time, 1:53.
Third race, one mile and an eighth — Banish
won. Prince Blazes second. Woodtrice third.
Time. 2:00.
Fourth race, six furlongs, : handicap — Lou
Woods won. The Boston second. Serpent third
Time. 1 :17.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling- — Echodale
won. Alpaca second, Braw Lad third. Time
1:10,
Sixth race, one mile — Waterhouse won, Uterp
second. Eva Rice third. Time, 1:45.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BIGYCLES,
For Boys and Girls
Men and Women
BAKER & HAMILTON,
- Cor. Pine and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
®\1M. VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by tho leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure tho
worst cases In old and young
' arising from effects . of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses, or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lout
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom
nla. Paina in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltnesa to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, -. . Varicocele or Con-
BtiDation, Stop Ner *5 [I vous Twitching ot
Byellds. Effects are immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote C«J»TS ncy to every func-
tion. Don't despondent; a cure ia at h&n.<'^-
Restore small, undeveloped orjfans. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 60c a box; 6 td r
13 SO by mall. A written guarantee to cure o<*
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. <0 Ellis «..
, San Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. SS
and 40 Third «t.ALAMEDA BRINGS MANY NOTED
NAVAL MEN FROM THE ISLANDS
Makes a Quick-Passage Up, Beating Time of Peru, Which Left a
Day Before, Nearly Sixteen Hours — Fears for Safety of Big Col
lier Matteawan, Which Is Out Eight Days From Nanaimo
FROM Honolulu within two hours
of record time is the latest ex
ploit of the steamer Alameda of
the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany, which arrived yesterday
a. day ahead of time, making the trip in
live days, lifteen hours and seven min
utes. The best run during the trip was
i.74 knots. Captain Herriman says that
had it not been for head winds for the
nrst twenty-lour hours alter leaving port
ihe time of the China wouid have keen
beaten. The Pacific Mail Steamsniy
Company's steamer Peru left a day Jju-
the Alameda, but the latter boat
HTiade the run up in sixteen nours less
time.
iiany distinguisned naval officers were
on tbe. Alameda. The members of the
court that tneu Commanaer Tilley at Tu
tuiia were on board. Ttte party, consist
ing of Hear Admirals R. O. Evans aud
Henry Glass, Captain P. H. Cooper, P.
1\ Harrington, C. M- Thomas and J. T.
■.Ueyers, Lieutenant Commander Stoney
and Surgeon E. M. Blackneil, was taken
to Honolulu on the Solace, which then
called for Guam. Other passengers were
Prince David and Hon. bam Parker and
his two eons of Honolulu, who are on their
•way to Washington in the interests of
Hawaiian legislation.
The Alameda brought a large cargo of
freight and the following named passen
gers, the members of the James Neill
Dramatic Company being among the ar
rivals:
James Neill and vrile. E. Nelll. O. TV. Peck.
Miss Spinney, S. Beaton. J. B. Southard. Miss
E. Andrews, G. Bloonquist, J. W. Benton, Miss
1* Brownell. Miss Julia Dran. Miss Forbes,
George Gardner. MIes Hickstein. W. B. Jar
ratt. E. G. Jones, Miss Mayall, F. McVicars
end Robert Morris, all of the Neill Company;
Rear Admiral R. D. Evans, Rear Admiral H.
Glass. Captain P. H. Cooper, Captain P. F.
llarrlnsrton. Captain I. ML Thomas, Lieutenant
Commander Stoney. Surgeon E. M. Black
well, Captain J. T. Myers, L. Boociko. F. M.
Brooks. Ii. H. Blood, A. W. Bottomley. G.
Copeland, Mr. Casparfield and daughter, G. S.
Cameron and wife. A. T. Collins. E. A.
Duthett. Mrs. Damon and son. Prince David
and valet, G. A. Davis. W. Daly. J. \V. Key
stone, Miss P. Foster. J. A. Eustace, C. F.
Eckhart, H. Evans, E. B. UlITard. W. Giffard,
Judge J. H. Gear, Mrs. H. M. Hall. C. A.
Ji?dden. H. Lose, A. E. Livingston, R. Murr,
"WVV. McEryde. J. McCrossan. J. C. Penny, E.
JjE. Paxton, C. A. Parker, E. Parker. James
I'arker, Hon. Sam Parker, A. Haas. S. Shep
«rd. C. de Schstlyrfn. Mrs. T. A. Heverln and
two children, William Smellle and ■wife, L..
Schweitzer and wife, Mrs. Tabrett and Mrs.
K. 1. Wait.
In addition there were ten discharged
eoidiers and sailors and twenty passen
gers in the steerage. Tlie soldiers and
Bailors were eent here for discharge.
PESU ARRIVES FROM CHINA.
Pacific Hail Liner Has an Uneventful
Passage.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
Eteanier Peru arrived yesterday from
Hongkong via Yokohama and Honolulu,
after a trip of twenty-eight days six
hours and thirty-six minutes. The trip
■was uneventful. Captain Pillsbury re
ports having- sighted the United States
transport Grant on Xovember 29 In lati
tude SI decrees 7 minutes north and
longitude 177 degrees 36 minutes east. All
on board were reported welL The Doric
■was sighted on December 6. A small
bri^antlne, with a deckload. steering
Bouibwest, was sighted the next day.
The Sierra was seen early on the moin
lng of December 8.
The Peru brought fourteen cabin, twen
ty-four steerage and forty-one Asiatic
passengers and 1S31 tons of miscellaneous
carpo. The passenger list was as fol
lows:
Lieutenant Truxton, V. S. If.; Mrs. A. D.
Branch. Mis* C. A. Tlbbetta, Major TV. W.
Robinson. U Andrews, Miss Ferrera. Mrs. W.
VT. Robinson, Mrs. I,. Andrews aad child, R.
J. Buchanan. Ching Che Choy. J. T. Carpen
ter. Mre. Carpenter and J. T. Sullivan.
Koanoke Still on Firs.
TVord comes from Honolulu by the
fteaiaer Peru that the cargo of coal on
the ship Roanoke, "which had put into
that port in distress, had not yet been ex
tinguished. A large force of Japanese
wore engaged In discharging the cargo,
but fire continued to break out, and work
had several times to be suspended.
Up to the time of the sailing of the
Peru the extent of the damage to the
Roanoke had not been determined. The
Peru also reports that eight firemen of
the transport Meade left the vess'el In
Honolulu and considerable difficulty was
found in filling their places.
Fears for Mattsaxran.
Considerable anxiety is felt regarding
the safety of the steam collier Matte-
CLwan, which left Nanaimo eight days ago
and ha* cot been seen or heard of since.
There have been some heavy gales alonsr
the northern coast, and as the Matteawan
Do You. Want
L_J||| to Please
■ .'j^ll : ■ Some One '
jj&JgsNyfc Christmas?
fortable Cob- H KtvVvIW,
r * er Arm Chair jlpSfeM |
Liiance -*™'o? f fm^^S
comfort in • w^^iSnETr^BNs ■
J8«lll e i ther; Tff0 h w£&&£2&m&'-
t.iikiw 01 onr spec- ,&£ 3^3arj--jf^s
/t, ■ o. ial Christ- #^= i^*§> .1.
LhOICe -mas offer- If^C^ji
Indianapolis Furniture Go.
\ 750 Mission Street.
San Francisco, CaL
was heavily laden it is feared that the
steamer is in distress. James Jerome,
Pacific Ccast agent of tne baginaw
Steamship Company, says he thinks tne
vessel is safe, but has had no advices.
The Matteawan is a steel screw steamer
of 3301 tons net, and was built in 1893 at
Newcastle. England, by J. Readhead &
Sons. She was formerly called the As
turian Prince. The Matteawan is 336 feet
long, forty-two feet in beam and eighteen
feet three Inches deep. Her present cargo
consists of 4800 tons of coal. A crew of
thirty men all told Is carried. Captain
Crosscup is in command. /
Water Front Notes.
William Dallaghan, a marine from the
United States steamship Pensacola, was
badly bitten by a bulldog in the saloon at
East and Folsom streets. He says as he
entered the saloon a bulldog first caught
him on the wrist and then jumped at his
face, biting him twice on the cheek. His
injuries were dressed at the Harbor
Emergency Hospital. . .
William Farrell, a laborer employed at
Broadway wharf No. 2, was hit on the
head yesterday morning by a falling coal
bucket. He was taken to the Harbor
Emergency Hospital, where he was ex
amined by Dr. Morrison. Although the
latter thought his skull was fractured
Farrell refused to remain in the hospital
and returned to the Battery Street House,
where he lives.
Reinsurance Bates Change.
Reinsurance on the Glenerlcht, out nine
days from San Francisco to Portland, was
increased yesterday to 30 per cent. The
rate on the Anglia, out 157 days from
Newcastle and bound for Panama, waa
increased 10 per cent and is now quoted at
30 per cent. The Alsternfer. 149 days from
Seattle to Hambui^, was added to the list
and quoted at 10 per cent.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping' Merchants.
The British bark Muskoka is' chartered for
wheat to Europe, 3Cs 3d. The harbor Is now
bare of cisencased wheat tonnage.
The German ship Schiller was chartered prior
to arrival for wheat at Portland for Europe,
3Ss 9d; the French bark Asle, same, 35s (Is Ud
less direct).
The British ship Oweenee Is chartered for
wheat at Tacoma for Europe.
The barkentine Amelia loads redwood at Eu
reka for Honolulu; the schooner J. M. Coleman,
lumber at Portland for Honolulu, chartered
prior to arrival: the barkentine Lehalna, lum
ber on Puget Sound for Port Natal, 67a Od,
prior to arrival; the ship Tillle B. Starbuck,
merchandise at this port for Honolulu.
Merchandise for Mexico.
The eteamer Curacao, which sailed Satur
day for Mexican ports, carried a large cargo of
produce and merchandise valued at $61,912.
The principal shipments were as follows: 12,
020 lbs 8 cs dried fruit. 14,644 lbs 45 eg bread.
11 pkes agricultural Implements, 5D pkga as
say material, 12 cs ammunition, 27 cs acid,
17 crs bicycles and sundries, 5325 lbs butter.
7957 lbs bluestone. 118,505 lbs boneblack. 5
ctls barley, 28 pkgs cordage. 10 cs champagne,
426 lbs codfish, &3G cs canned goods. 9942 lbs
cheese 83 plugs drugs, 17 pkgs dry goods, 11
bbls flour. 47 cs fU6e. C88 pkes groceries and
provisions. 1440 pkgrs fruits and vegetables,
3722 lbs ham and bacon, 2C3 bales hay, 6 bales
hose. 86 kesa horseshoes. 152 pkgs hardware,
25 C8 liquors. 86SS ft lumber. 19 plKS lead, 9
pkgg locomotives and fixtures. 340 lbs lard,
257 pkg 8 machinery. 20S0 lbs malt. 13S1 lbs 4
cs millsturrs 3247 lbs nuts, 3u7 crs onions,
11S1 pkgs paste, 125S pkgs potatoes, 180 bdls
paper, 215 pkrs paints and oils, 60 flasks
quicksilver. 2750 lbs raisins. 26.888 lbs rolled
barley. B3C1 lbs resin. 4851 lbs rice. 853 lbs
soda. 2502 lbs 21 cs starch. 20 pkgs ship chand
lery, 3407 lbs 15 cs spices, 21 kegs staples, 1312
bdl» shooks. S3 'pkrs' spikes. 54 cs stationery,
2113 lbs sago. 139 cs 1 pk& salmon, 396 lbs
tobacco. C3C0 lbs tallow. 1911 lbs tea, 41 pkgs
tank material. 34 pigs tin. 204 cs whisky, 5294
gals 2 cs wine, 46 bdls wire. 6920 lbs zinc.
The Argyll's Cargo.
The steamer Argyll sailed yesterday for
Panama with merchandise for New Tork
valued at $243,051; Kingston, $257; Trinidad.
Spain. $1479; London, $2G0; Hamburg. $100.
The principal shipments' were as follows :
To New York — 358.134 sals 16 cs wine. 20
flasks quicksilver. 3975 lbs beans. 4800 lba
rice, 41.450 lbs dry hides. 7 pkgs machinery,
1€2 pkrs ink, 28 bales old leather. 7805 cs
canned salmon, 509.605 lbs dried fruit, 200.COO
lbs copper matte. 496 pkgs condensed ordnance
stores, 18 pkgs paper, 45,300 lbs clay, 45 cs
honey. 25.640 lbs mustard seed. 354 sks cat
tle horns, 283 pkgs shells. 2S6 pkgs junk. 1791
pigs lead 17 bales herbs. 11,405 lbs grease
wool. 10.140 »\tls barley.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times aad Heights of High and Low
• Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of tha Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur r.t
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1901.
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both placet.
WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 11.
Sun rises 7:15
Sun gets ■ 4:51
Moon sets ...0:00 p. m.
O ITiiricI "jTime . Prime Time *.
» I Ft. |-^— Ft. I Ft.. Ft.
• jH Wj |L. W |ll W L. W
11 O::JG 4.4 4:41 3.2 10:49 5.8 5:52—0.5
12 1:1C 4.0 5:20 3.2 11:21 5.7 0:30—0.5
13 1:54 4.6 0:05 3.2 12:00 5.6 7:05 — 0.4
14 2:3i 4.8 0:5:( 3.^12:41 5.3 7:42 — y.2
15 :;:06 4.9 7:4a 3.1! 1:31 5.0 8:22 0.1
10 3:41 5.0 8:51 2.8 2:31 4.7 9:06 0.6
17 4:21 5.110:0.: 2.4 3:44 4.3 9:67 1.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given' in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, -U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
December 10, 1901. ~ ~
The Time Ball . on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. II. STANDLET.
Lieutenant U. S. Navy, In Charge. .
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
8teamer. From. Due.
Mandalaj". . . . Coquille River Dec. 11
Pomona....; Humboldt Dec. 11
American Seattle Dec.lt
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 11
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Dec. 12
Alliance Portland. & Coos Bay.. Dec. 1:2
San Pedro... Humboldt Dec. 1^
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 12
Corona Newport & Way Ports. Dec. ! 12
Point Arena. Point Arena Dec. 1U .
Newburg.... Grays Harbor Dec. 13
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 13
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 1.1
Maria Nanaimo Dec. 13
Columbia Portland & Astoria Dec. 14
Edith Seattle - Dec. 14
State of Cal :. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 15
San Juan Panama & Way Ports. Dec. 15
Leflanaw N. Y. via Panama Dec. lfi
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. . Dec. 1U
J. S. Klmball Seattle & 'Tacoma Dec. 10
Xorjth Fork . . Humboldt Dec. 17
Coptic China & Japan Dec. 17
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Ports Dec. 17
Umatilia Puget Sound Ports Dec. 18
Czarina Seattle * Tacoma Dec. 18
Sequoia Grays Harbor Dec. 18
City ot Puebl Puget Sound Port3 Dec. 23
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. | Pier. .
December 11.
Empire.... Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
North Fork Humboldt L 0 am Pier 2
Mandalay.. Coquille River 5 pm Pier 2
Rival Wlllapa Harbor .... IS pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Nippon Mar China & Japan 1 pm PUSS
December 12.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
December 13.
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 1C
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
December 14.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Corona Newport & Way.... 0am Pier 11
Point Arena Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Santa Ana. Seattle &. Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
December 15.
Eureka Humboldt Oam Pier 13
San Pedro. . Humboldt '.... 10 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. Oam Pier 11
December 17.
Newburs. . . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Walla Wai. Pupet Sound Ports.. 11 am Pier 0
December IS.
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
•• DecemI»«»F 1O.
Peru China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
December 21.. 1
Sequoia .. . . Grays Harbor , . 5 pm Pier 2 i
J. Klmball. S«attle & Tacoma... 10 am Pier -2
Tucapel Valparaiso & Wav..l2 mPierlO
I December 22.
Umatl!la...lPuget Sound Ports. 11 am|Plcr 9
FROM SEATTLE. ■ •
Steamer. For. I Sails.
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports.iDec. 12
Ell Thompson Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec 15
Cottage City. Skagrway & Way Ports. Dec 10
City of SeattI Sfcagrway & Way Ports Dec IS
City of Topek. Bkagway & Way Porte Dec 21
Excelsior . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec. 25
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
. . Tuesday, December 10.
Stmr Peru. Pillsbury. 28 days 6 hours 38
minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama 17
days 9 hours 16 minutes, via Honolulu 0 days
6 hours 54 minutes.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Bridgett, 34 hours from
Ventura, up river direct.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 62 hours from Cooa
Bay.
Stmr Fulton, Odland, 4 days from Astoria.
Stmr Alameda, Herrlman, 5 days 15 hours
7 minutes from Honolulu.
T.r stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, 4 days from
Comox. . i
Ship Standard, Maclachlan, 21' days from
Seattle.
Schr Mary E Russ, Nyman, 11 days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Sacramento, Grls-gel, 81% days from
Sluslaw River. , .
Schr Ve*a. Eratt, 4 days from Eureka.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, days from
Eureka; Oakland direct.
Sehr ParkersburgT, Elllncsen. 23 days from
Coquille River.
Echr Lily, Bottger. 14 da^s from Umpqua,
CLEARED. ' .
,: 4 Tuesday. December 10.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego:
Goodall. Perkins & Co. .
Stmr North Fork; Fosen, Eureka; The Chas
Nelson Co. ■ *
Brig Galilee. Helllncsen, Mahukona. via
Puako; Hind, Rolph & Co.
. SAILED.
- - - -r- Tuesday, December 10.
Stmr Argyll. Gllboy. Panama.
Stmr Ruth, Andflndsen, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Washtenaw, Parker, Tacoma.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, Eureka. ■ ... .
Stmr Scotia, Walvlg, . •
Stmr Cella, Adler, .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Ship Geo Curtis, Calhoun, Honolulu.
Bark Fresno. Peterson, Port Gamble.
Brig Galilee, Hellincrsen, Honolpu.
DISASTER.
GRAYS HARBOR, Dec 10 — Br bark Pin
more, from Santa Rosalia, for Portland, Or,
Nov 28, abandoned. Lost- six sailors from
small beats; balance crew here. Bark sank or
was towed to some other port.
SPOKEN.
Nov 4. lat 65 S. Ion 64 W — Ger ship Agnes'
from Hamburg, for Honolulu.
Nov 19. lat 46 81 N, Ion 120 58 W— Bark
General Falrchlld, from Port Ludlow, for Fre
rnantle. • . • ■
MEMORANDUM. •
Per ctmr Peru from China,, Dec 10— At 0*18
a m Nov 29. lat 31 07 N. Ion 177 36 E, passed
and exchanged signals with U S stmr Grant,
hence for Manila: wished to be resorted all
well. Dec 6, 10:20 p. m, Br stmr, Doric, hence
for China and Japan, ftp m, Dec 7, lat 32 OS
N, Ion 13S 20 XV, a small brlgantlne with deck
load, steering SW. 6 am. Dec 8, passed stmr
Sierra, hence for Honolulu and Sydney.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LO BOS. Dec 10, 10 p m Weather
clear; wind NW, velocity 20 miles. " eBiner
DOMESTIC PORTS. .
VENTURA— Arrived Dec 10— Barg« Santa
Faula, In tow tug Rescue, hence Deo S and
sailed for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Sailed Deo 10. at 10 a m— Stmr
Bertha, for Valdes.
Arrived Dec 0— Stmr John S Klmball, hence
Dec 6; U S ttmr Manumlta. from lighthouse
stations; Bt>hr Ralph J Long, from Alaska.
Dec 10— Brig Tanner, from Hllo. t
Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Bdith. 'from San
Francisco; 6tmr Despatch, from San Fran-
Sailed Dec 10-Stmr Walla Walla, for San
Iranclsco; rtmr Despatch, for Falrhaven
Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Umutiua. from" San
Francisco.
TACOMA — Sailed Dee 10— Stmr South Port
land, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 10— Stmr. John S Klmball, from
San Francisco.
SAN • DIEGO— Arrived Dec 10— Brig Geneva
from Port Blakeley. . • ■ ..
Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Santa Rosa, from San
Francisco.
Sailed Dee 10— Stmr Santa Ron*; for Son
Frenclsco; stmr St Denis, for Ensen&do.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 0— Schr C
H Merchant, heny Nov 14. Dec 10 — Schr R W
Bartlett, from Honolulu.
Called Dec 10 — Stmr Santa Barbara, for San
Pedro. . ■
• .EUREKA — Sailed Dec 10 — Stmrs Aberdeen
and 'Westiort, for San- Francisco; stmr JU*-
t" £ THE EMPORIUM.; | THE EMPORITJIL'V ' -. A L - /- ,. y. ■V :^ rHJB E3gP0Itr0 ? a: - I TKF EMPOBIU1L
|. Open Every 0 '■■ jaraTOCT^^^fe^g^^^Hf^'wmn^ Merchandise "$
ft? ~ ~ m PS |j»* <&$?& C2lllforrVJSk*& L^r^CSl^^^^^**^ Sir Or sac at ove counter » main flcor in rotunda, j(
% ifCPy Fine LSGe P» Ora^IXdCSt 5tOr^^ . Good for a "y c!asi of merchandis; in any de- #
?» 4g*9» #Sf##e " '"f^zi: ' —£pr%CT ■ ■ partment in the store. If you wish ta make ft
J 110 Uff* <#f#*C» : IV7 UtJBi&o ' 'y^ C <3S8W(Ui) 4» • ' ' v^H^S 4~>A a $20.00 gift and don't know what to send, «J
» A Special $&Be £ 1^ VT^T^ <^9 * iMmH a a «^L buy a mcrchandi - e crJer tor :».ooandiet ;,
j£ Perhaps you know somto W who would appre- • 1.5.1 '^^^TO^H^P M fi. &JL 4$Mj3&* H H. Vl AJ* the pirty mak; his or her own selection. ft
£ ciate a few pair of real lace curtains for a t \ T^^^«5^& "^V er j^^^^m *. m' ■ m w +m - II
g holiday gTt, or perhaps you need some your- f^. /wT^m^S&lJr^PirrO >T 3 4~% J-V BOyS' GlOffting %
I W^^^ir^^^* 1^""^ 7 lUI aVI I 1C1« Save aTftirdM - 5
K. 2/ Pa?/ Genuine Rrus-els and Battenburg • : - ' • -'- - - ' ' Thes =. P rett y SaiIor Suit ?» $
* Lace Curtans— That real regularly > for ___ - m ,. . - * M „ '.«* * £ ftf^ ??*" f »«-«ool serges, tn m
i§MmM0^M The Most Attractive Sate of Jgr ffigjgpsg
fc* -That rettil'regularly £ I i.oo per pair, to be §41 6* f tf8Z*M B41 22 XV ff3 Off* **&§$!&£** f irb " adfrc<1 fhlel;>s ' t - U " S tOr X
* 80 !d at - ... . . . S8*15 Jr^^& B JH SJHmHS€ilJy BU CSBMiaSf&fC'a tUr B g 3 9L* M ■*& f-, jp^^'l 3 10 n years cr age are #
tf&PalrfR-aJBauVnb-rf;^ jT"* "^ ! ' £ jffil orlv $4c95 3
f »" .^icV ifyfi /■ priory low price, Every one of them a btg value from those Vi^W Ihree-l Ucz buit, .« ?
,,? ' 'rui'ft '' i " a'xT? \ €& marked 5c each to the teal Duchesse and Point Lace Handkerch.eA \ f b J -|
5 Fine Cloaks anil 'Wecffer lood'.zsnofthUjMwn's most dcs'nb'c gf) «»J*< "«i™ , 111 , b ? kt ° 2
I Dresses Rriueed. \ W^-:A sh«r ',wn W,mbradcrcd H.ndtochicf, edged V H *£&£$£££ |
* You don t have to wait unt;l January, we arc xvith fin: Normandy valenciennej lace; 1 4 of our best rered »««, all of them m.de 5
g pr L in fine Holiday gift,: | "^ y and dunng week, each. -y^g> a cQ V£l IJW -« «^ %
l7 v>°, R *! Un ' — ~~^r T~~ ~7r~TTT « : w e ask tut .- £6*95 J
*' "wz K f!sSas TOWS fOi* Hoisday Canes* — -— .5
•^ Wv?{ $1 \o Mercerized mm **& m -g-M A gold-headed Cane, 'suiubly engraved, makes Gf 5&fU? Gift& )t
i QMa-- bnde t5« Every Chita K^g«^®SaS^gSi tor chiiaren, %■
K (>»/? t SO OO three^quar- ' Mb9 VtTb^AFM ment, we will place our endre stock of gold- Christma3 Findings for children; " elegant and "^
\ \fl fi? ter Coats .. MBB . B UfWW BBB . headed Canes on special sale t:ntil Chrisom* u?eful things for Holiday p-e»ents.^ •,'
jf ' J| n . .$14 95 Nowhere else 83 many kinds,:. such ' at one. qua -trr. less than regular prices. A Babies* fine wbJrV J< aC? %
I *dSftsi\ >3S' 0 ' 0 newc5t enormous Stocks, such low prices, lirga and handsome assortment from which Wash Drrssc' " |^^Stf^>' •*'
H /IS J\\L .$14,95 u PO n -y° u » If you cannot get the (6Canes;$i^, 53 i 5l2 ones. BablcJ . fire Long \ JH * \\\] J
v' r '// / 1m\ $10.00 Jackets. . toys you want here you cannot get . J8.00 Canes. . . $6,OU Slips. ...So W. J fS
£ V^M^^J^m " • • $7 45 them en the Ccast. Prices like u .. . .• . ■ . . .ti$7.5t S^l'l, llB §
5C /{wW^mT JaS-ooLonRCoiti these prevail: ■ ■ - - '' Ai*t GUShSOttS \ ' Ba'ies' fine Flannel Jj^Aytr- 5
$ 1^'M^1SM^ Gowns.... Nellie Bly-Our price only . . . .. . 49O .AriWIcilly. ., Embroidered Ar; Cushions— Bab:es . finc Short M^^fW^t. %
K ■ 111 OT^^ • S4.Q5 Ch'.slnda-SimilartoParch«i. . . 4QO Beautiful --designs and elaborately worked; S k ) r t^4£]^^Wm X
*H V J— Warm CottQn T K | n - t f .Crs— Iron locomotive and two steam regularly $2. 50 to $10.50 each— just the ?Sc -T*+4&S&Kh&fi*r 9
% Eiderdown cars ..:.........: . 25O thmg for a Chrntmas gift— are offered as a to $4.5O 5
X Wrappers $2.45 BucV and Saw— Just the thing to keep bo>-s hoi day special at Ona-tnlrzi Of/- Babirs' fin- Siik Caps . . 5 <C to *5,5O %
i? £3150 fine Flannel Waists.. .. . .$2,95 busy; steel saw blade; outfit complete.. BOO . m - -. ■ . ■- __ ■ Babies* nice Silk Mi: s .. 5" C ™& $ /, OO J5
J £7.50 fine Silk Waists . . . \ . . $4,Q5 Douhlj Spring Tops— Latest European craze . TttQ SSGSt W&BZ3& Babies fine Silk or tfainsook Bits *
tf „. ... — ... 25c. 50c, $1.00 JTooanch S€id GiaVB. 5Joto$1>5) $
% HaiidSXJ Backboard— One that can be turned into a r I SSIB*»BM *%*** »» * a* w .u » Children's stylish Drr : s Hat^ ~
» Ask or smd fcr our ho iday price list Coaster _ The wc ,l. kn o wn "Golden Rule," made. in the r latest. .tyle, with Pars point 1^ y , m ..$^00 10$16SO %
$ of goad things !O eat and drink. .toutly built, with double-spoke steel wheels . back and three patent clasps; m all the co.or- - . .. _^ ; .* X
K Et5«s— Best fancy ranch eggs— regularly 40c ... . . $2.OO ings for fine dress wear, day or evenLig; 1: SS33&1Z *
»? do en; to-day ... . 32V G — ' v you are not surs of her sue, buy glove order tGt&*3&
J Ccffet-6ur fa'mous' YeV Cros-^java and gSSffci iOf SBMOkphS number °f pair, you wbh to give her; GhaFit2in& '&§tfS. 3
J Mocha-either bean or ground-regular 30= JJ *f* & n "** fitted and warranted; per pair „ „-« Ncth; c] ** t a hd at , *
1{ lb; to-day. ....."... . . 20o J**" 1 '--. • • ; ' '• • "• • • • • lfgtf moderate cost. " Our special holiday shipment %
2. Walnuts— Best quality, to-day, !b . '. . Ho ment in Ro- — ' '_■ • ■_ *m-£A of Ostrich Feath?r Boas, ju;t reccivrd, includes S
jf Fard Dj e* — The kind for stufHng, to-day ., . tunda is show- // MflLtDA V // PB*Stm^ GtWmS some cf the most beautiful boas we have cvertHS
fl£ ......... . ."3 lbs, 25C ing -a very // P II {g%W IrV/TfM t»f9 seen, rich lustrous fcadien, quality guaranteed, J|
* See 1f d R«i Ins— i-lb packages ... . 1 C hand- I f^//rA^3 I _ , c . „ ?f o T * tfo /in and priced here as nowhere el3e. 3«
S Lau-dry Soap-^-Proctor & Gamble's, Lenox; some / • '7 „ , c L , » . n "T' ' 'Meri 36-inch Ostrich Boas— grey, natural, magpie or *
J* to-day Q h-ig*G 25c stock Rtal Shell Back Combs; each. . .$3.50 J bIack CJch ° '' +1tV5t «
X Prunes— Extra Santa Clara; to-day . .". . . of ex- >^^^^^^^O Rhinestone Decorated Side Combs; pair^.OT 45 . inc h''ostrich Boas', "each .".".' $15.00 5
iS^SSuL^ffS S 5 - lllESil &$^%&ttlJl A Pocket Kodsk |
g Raw Peanuti-The best; lb | J sL- Lakes' Tucked Sadn Belts; with fancy buckl« fflf GhfJSttTSaS. %
K tCOtrh Yth'skn-— James Buchanan elties • . • • - • • .- • • • • • • • *£'jjf We, have everything that you can possibly q
g & Co. 's Black and. White, specially selected in Pipes, Cigar and Cigarette. Holders, Match Belt Buckles; latest: style; each . . ffl.frtf think of in the Camera and Camera Supply 3*
* -for the House of Commons; to-day only. Safes, Snuf Boxes, Cigar Cutters, etc. 'All — , . i ■ -M line, arid from that stock we are going to
«f bottle. . ......... .$1.15 brands of Cigars that are popular in this mar- CT#«3U?«C5fS SSttS* tuygest a Christmas gift that we guarantee jj
* Sweet ApVe Cider — Kentucky, choicest; to- ket are on sale at special cut prices. • . »-«#«*»~ ' ' -T^rn'mm '■ B ~±**Br**ifv will please nine out of ten recipients. j»
*' day, gallon. . . . ... . 4J C Christmas Boxes of Cigars, packed I a, a 5 »nd KOBeS WOi" wjaCKGVSm Th ,^ Nx 3 Fo!di( , s p f c<ct Kodlk _ Tafce , x
1^ Yel'^WStore Whiskey - Bottled by 'Taylor k 50 in a box, according to ;si« and quality, Fancy Robes for smoking jackets, couch' cov- pictures 8/^x4^ inche?, and yet can be
If Williams, Kentucky; to-day, hot .SI. 05 per box 65C to $6'0u en, etc; a large assortment in the prettiest folded up 'and slipped into outside ccat Jj
K Sautmu — An excellent, full-bodied dinner Match Safes— In German silver white and gun patterns and color effects, each ....: . J . i ' pocket; the prettiest and most compact §
J» - wine; gallon . . . ... . .... 75c metal..". . ... . . 25O tO 75o .....'.... $1.25 to $5.51 Kodak made $/4.OO *
If Domeitic Porier -1- Quality perfect; to-^ay Meerschaum, Amber and Brierwood Pipes . . Whits Blankets— An excellent grade of white Carrying Case for above Kodak . . .$125 «
if •'dozen . . $1.1 U . ....... . 25C to 312.00 lamb's "wool blankets, 5-lb. weight, can be 1hz No. 2 Brownfc— Makes pictures i%x}%' y 'fi
j£ '93 V'hiskey — Full proof, straight goods, 8 Cigar and . Cigarette Holders in Amber and bought in the big Emporium Blanket- De- the latest and best Camera for the children;
tf years old; gallon. ... . . . . 3.OQ Meerschaum. . . . 25tS to $4-OQ partment, per pair . .;. ... . &4.S5 price $1 GO £
teor, for San Diego; Etmr Pomona, for San
Francisco. '
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Chico.
from Seattle; Fr bark Jean Bart, from St
Nazalre.
PORT GAMBLE — Sailed Dec 10— Bark Car
ondelet. for & an Francisco.. ' • ;
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived Dec 1O—
Stmr Greenwood, from Fort Brasrg. ' ;
PORTLAND— Sailed Dec 10— Ship Siren, for
Queenstown; stmr Guernsey, for Yokohama
and Shanghai, .via Seattle.
Arrived Dec 10 — Rtmr Chlco, from Seattle.
COOS BAY— Sailed Dec 10— Stmr Arcata. for
San Francisco, v . •
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Dec 10 — Stmr Arc
tic, hence Dec 8; stmr Coquille' River, hence
Dec 0.
Sailed Dec 10 — Stmr Noyo, for San "Fran
cisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 10— Br
stmr Mllverton. from Antofofcasta; schr Mil
dred, from San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 3— Bktn Encore,
from Newcastle, Aus: stmr Tamplca. from
Seattle. Dec 4 — Bktn J L Eviston, from New
castle. Aus.
Arrived Nov 27 — U S stmr Rosecrans, i from
Portland, Or. Nov 20 — Stmr Alameda. hence
Nov 23. Nov 30 — Stmr China, hence Nov 23.
Dec 1 — U S stmr "Wisconsin, from Pasro Pago.
Dec 2 — Stmr Peru, from China and Japan.
Sailed Nov 28— U S stmr Solace, for Guam
and Manila. Nov SO — U S stmr Meade. for
Manila. Dec 1 — Barks Santiago and Mohican
and ship BenJ F Packard, for San Francisco:
stmr China, for Yokohama.
Sailed Dec 3 — Stmr Peru, for San Francisco:
U s stmr Rcaecrans, for Manila; schr "W H
Marston, for San Francisco. Dec 2 — Bark
Mauna Ala, for San Francisco.
HILO— Sailed -Nov 24— Ship Falls of Clyde,
for San Francisco.
To sail Nov 30 — Bark St Katherlne, for San
Francisco. . . .
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK — Arrived Dec 0 — Stmr Orizaba,
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Dec C— Ger stmr Hero
dot, for San Francisco.
ST VINCENT — Arrived Dec 10 — Ger stmr
Seraplp, hence Sept 16. for Hamburg. Nov 27
— Br stmr Glenlochy, hence Sept 22. .. .
HONGKONG — Sailed Nov 2U — Br stmr Den
bighshire, for Portland, Or.
ANTWERP— Sailed Deo 7— Br chip Talus,
for San Francisco.
CALLAO— Arrived Oct 28— Chil stmr Tuca-
HI 0 Yxi^isSJw^ J« ' i »m 50 years old. My troufcle was change of life I truly sympathize 'with. Any woman who stilhn <
El ? ygpii|5j||u$y eH «I have. Alter the torture and pain of two years I purchased two bottles of Wine of Cardui and took U {K
HI ' 9 lS^yJ?£3b\. r H according to directions. In a short tim« it began to relieve me. Now I fed like another woman. I caanot Eg
raj $ *P /^^k Vra speak too highly of hi merits. You may think I am exaggerating bet I say I would net take $1,000 for the J5
JH 1 \ twI^^ 3 */^^! Kl good it hat done me. ' .•■>.' Mrs. M. E. MATTHEWS *
if » C £^4^\ M Whether to live to a healthy old age, the mother of strong sons and fair daughters, or to 50 s|
m * f /^5*^^aY/I H down *° a P renuture 5 ravc after a W e Mddened by misery and barrtnncis, b tht choice a woman may §
|S , |K">feb^/ VV/A H m ** e f ° r - herself * Mrs * Matthcw$ * statement shows how a suffering woman can dearly make the right K
B3 f~ SSS!SS: =y^\\ \M HI at hand to regulate the declining function and keep her in perfect health. If Cus important functional
fif / m chan 5 c fad* a woman in poor health, serious circumstances invariably follow. The shock aggravates |
Sf ffirs^^^?ir^ ul an y "kting disorder and old age is full of suffering. How many women fade quickly after prime lj .
H /j5^^^ w/a '«#■ ; H >ec * u$ * the change of life overtakes them in HI health ? To a healthy woman the change need have no i
II / Ayf^PJfflSZfiTf/ If terrors. It is necessary to women wishing to enjoy old age, to take the Wine of Cardui treatment
H // W \ W£2£=i W=*- m 0Tt '* is to ° ' atc « *° eradicate every kind of "female diseases" from the system. You can secure a ft
||f / / I Y-^// J t Y^- M <lo " ar bottle of Wine of Cardui from your druggist and take it in your own home. If
nra • / i / ' ' y/J/A 1 an * havc "^ ine °* Cardui and Thedford's Black-Draught for the changed life and find them a great Bl '
vft V^y n / xfl/l 1 ra helptome. I thank you for your medicine and the good h has done me. . Mrs, M. S. 0WEN&Y. 1 R
W^w " ■• "• /«S .:Vv- For«^TleeMd^r»taT^'sxldrM»,rlT^«ymptoms, «rniel*di»e f Adrisory Jj
>reg^ Jffl|§L D«p»rtmoat," Th« Ch*ttanoog» Modicfne- Company, Chattanooga, Tenn. •
pel; hence Oct 3, and sailed Oct 30, for Val
paraiso.
HONGAY— In port Nov 13— Br ship Tweeds
dale, for Portland, Or.
SAN JOSE DE GUATEMALA— Sailed Dec
6 — Chll stmr. Tucapel. for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
.BOSTON — Arrived Dec 10 — Stmir Llvonlan.
from Glasgow.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 10— Stmr Cymric,
for Liverpool.
LONDON— Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Haverford.
from New York, via Southampton, for Ant
werp. I
ROTTERDAM — Arrived Dec 10 — Stmr Rhyn
dam. from New York. •
LIZARD — Passed Deo 11, 1:30 t m — Stmr
Philadelphia, from New York, for Southamp
ton. • ; ,
CHERBOURG — Arrived Deo 10— Stmr Graf
Waldernee, from New York, via Plymouth, for
Hamburg 1 , and proceeded.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Dee 10 — Stmr
Orecronlan, from San Francisco. Honolulu, etc,
via fit Lucia. ■ . :.
POPULAR BOOKMAKER
1 BECOMES A BENEDICT
Frank Iiantennan Marries Miss Co n-
roy of Chicago at the Palace
Hotel.
Frank R. Lanterman, the -well known
young bookmaker and turf plunger of Chi
cago,, and Miss Grace G. Conroy, also of
Chicago, were married last evening at
the Palace Hotel, in the parlor of Joe
Eppinger. The ceremony was performed
by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, pastor of
the Howard-street Methodist Church.
The pretty ' bride arrived from Chicago
on the Overland Limited at 4 o'clock yes
terday afternoon and within an hour and
a half the ceremony was performed.
Mr. and Mrs. Eppinger, went to much
pains to decorate their rooms for the oc
casion. The flowers used were California
violets.-
I Frank 5 Lanterman, the bridegrroom, Is
well known on the turf. He sprung: into
prominence about two years ago and
though quite a young man he has amassed
a large fortune. It is said of him that
•when he is "on the block" -.there is not a
bet too big for him to take.
The young couple will spend several
days at Del Monte and spend the rest of
their honeymoon in Southern California.
COLORED POLITICIAN
DIES IN THE HOSPITAL
John Wilkins, an Old-Time Cam
paigner, Succumbs to an Attack
of Apoplexy.
John "Wllkins,; colored, who was widely
known in political circles" as "Long John
Wllkins," died last night at the Central
Emergency Hospital. ' Death was due to
apoplexy. He was first stricken while
riding on a Market-street car Monday
afternoon on his way to the City Hall.
When the car 'was opposite the Grand
Hotel Wllkins complained of feeling faint
and requested that' he be allowed to get
off at Montgomery street. Before the
car stopped,, however, he commenced to
totter. He tried to grasp the strap, but
failed and fell heavily face downward to
the pavement.
Wilkins was a familiar figure In mu
nicipal and State politics. He took active
interest In. all- the campaigns and was
considered a leader among the colored
people. 'His influence at different j times
was exerted in behalf of both parties. He
was always expecting a reward for his
political labors, but In -the distribution of
patronage he was Invariably overlooked.
Continual disappointment in his demand
for the recognition of his services soured
his temper, and in recent years he was
always on the watch for enemies, whom
he accused of having deprived him of
hi3 just reward." ,
ANNUAL HIGH JINKS. — City Guard. Com
pany B. First "RegTiment Infantry, N. G. C.
will hold its annual high Jinks Monday even
ing, December 16, at Union Square Hall, 421
Post street. .A. fine literary programme has
been prepared and refreshments will be served
during the ; evening. .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
D McKenney. Minn I M Bennett. Auburn
Mrs McKenney. Minn U Lindsay Texas
L C Milks. San Monica T Biliem. Campbell
Mrs Milks & p. Cal Mrs Blllem. Campbell
J W Daniel. Fresno N B Mason. Phlla
T Gratter. Redding J Falvln. Nome
J Cairns. Pa f? Altshuler. NY '
i w C & °T ov 'L Ie T, S Vancerhat. Chicago
E W Martin. S Rafael J H Roberts. Sacto
F, Ross - Sa cto J A Daniel. Fresno
M Oliver. Dos Palos B N Clark. Portland
H P Harris. Petaluma P H Burns. Dunsmuir
J McMullen. Cal N Hart, Dunsmuir
L Lowny. Orosl s H Grand & s. PtAren
J A Baldwin, Fulton L Howard. Lakeport
A Phelps. Summerdale Mrs J Doherty. Los A
X. A Kelley. Gllroy k j. Page & turn. low*
J J Carlns. S Jose D A McDonald. OroviU
E H Tucker. Selma p D Beckwlth, Colua*
H J Gerlach. Redding x N V.'olf. Wash
N A Sowell. Marvsvill J B Quring, N Y
E G Porter & s. Sacto Mrs Qurlng N Y
E E Demon. Fresno ,E S Smith. Hamilton
D Johnson. Fresno G B Greene. Courtland
J H Howitson. HonoluDr S T Stlckey. Mok H
E Ishuml, Honolulu lj Carroll Oakland
H Johnson. Truckee jMrs Carroll. Oakland
Mrs Johnson, Truckee p O'Brien Oakley •
A A Duval. Sacto o B Greene. Courtland
Dr E E Straw. Oregon ;E B Smith Jr. N Y
C M Patton. Oregon S A Adams. Half M B
C Holyno. Nice C E James. Half M By
Mrs T Worth. Phlla H Nasa. Petaluma
Miss Sass. Texas a Sanchuler. San Jobs
J Buchta. NX A Talt. Berkeley
C N Williams. Wash J Abbott Fresno
L W Boruck. Honolulu D Rldeout, Sanduskey
B Wall, N Y
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
N P Smith. San Jose Florence Gates, Florton
Mrs C O Allen and sis- N Pierce. Longmont
ter. Newman. Cal A H Rita. Honolulu
T C Vogt, Vallejo J B Jones, Seattle
J Guthrea, Oakland c Wise. Oakland
Mrs Guthrea, Oakland W-W-Parker, Nevada
H Baschlin. Utah L Meiss. . Reno
M M Murphy, Auburn ! J McGaner. Ogden
J W Monroe, Oregon J Nash. -Nome
H H Gilbert. Minn L » Read. Loa An*
Mrs Gilbert. Minn | J G Joy-. Honolulu
G H Harker. FloristonlW H Slsson. Red Bluff
Mrs Harker, Floriston I . '
The first robin is probably sorry ha
came. .-.; - .... , . -,_
56
WEDNESDAY... ..DECEMBER 11,1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Hints All Ce&BC&iefttiess lo W. fl. LEAKS, Xtstpr.
MAX AGEIl'S OFFICE Telephone *«»• 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Marltet and Tlxlrd, •. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS... ..217 to 221 Stere*«on St.
Telephone Prenn 2O2.
Deliver** l»r Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slnsrle Copies. 5 Cent*.
Tcraa by Mall. Including Postage*
OAH.Y CALL flndudlnr Sunday), one year M.OI
XXAJX.T CALJ. flneludlnr Sunday). L months. 8.00
XXAXX/T CALL, (lndndlnc Sunday), t months. 1.60
DAILY CAULr-By S'.nglt Month «So
EOTDAT CALL. One Year...... l.M
WEEKLT CJLLU On* Tear 1.0»
All poilmti(>T> are authorised to reeelT*
■ nbnerf ptlons.
E«xap:e eoplea will be lorerarded when requested.
l&tfl ccbscrlben In orderlnc chanre of addremi nhottld bt
partScolar to rtve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS Jn order
to tasur* a .prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OASSXJLXU OFFICE 1118 Broadwtr
C GEORGE KROGXESS.
Mtsafcr Tcrtiga AfrrertUlnf , Mu^tette Bulfll&g, Chicago.
OaO&r Distance Telephone "Central 2C1S.**>
KEW TORE CORRESPONDENT:
& C CABXTOX Herald Squar*
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPHEK B. SMITH SO Trlbuna Balldln*
CHZCA.GO NEWS STANDS:
6h«rm*j» Raeae: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Retail
Jp I USOJlt XJOOMZ AQultortlttQ Hotel*
WTASHumroy <n. c> office. . . .1400 o St.. w. w.
MORTOSI E. CRAKB. Correspondent.
&RA1FCH OFFICES— 6" Montgomery, corner of Clay, op**
tntll t:» o'clock. 800 Hayea, open until 1:20 o'clock, ttJ
UcAIlUter, cpea until 8:23 o'clock. CU Lcrkln, open Until
• * o'clock. 1X1 Mwioa. open until 10 o'clock. tKl Market
corner Stxteesth. open until t o'clock. 10M Valeocla. open
«BtU t o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until • o'clock. NW.
oeraer Twenty woonO and Kentucky. «pts until • o'clock.
DM nUsrar*. open until » p. m.
A2CUSEKSNTS.
Gru4 Op«ra-ttoose— "JL Wife's Peril.**
California— "Th« Cowboy and the l*dy. M
Tlvott— "In Town.**
Central— "The Klectrtdan."
Alcazar— "Christopher Jr.**
Columbia— "A Royal Rogue.**
Orpbetun — Vaudeville.
Chute*. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
fere&lns. '
Fischer 1 •—Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Central Park— Vaseo Ball Game.
Oakland Racetrack— Racea to-day. -
AUCTION SAL7A
By Q. H. Umbsen— Monday, December 18, Real Estate, at
S4 Montgomery street. - .
By J. J. Doyle — This day. at 11 o'clock. Horses, Wagons,
eta, at 327 Sixth atreet.
MRS. STANFORD'S WORK.
BY the transfer to the trustees of Stanford Uni
versity of property estimated to have a value
of $30,000,000 Mrs. Stanford has virtually
completed the task which passed into her hands upon
the death of her husband. The University at Palo
Alto is now founded and endowed with a wealth
•which is. believed to exceed that of any other insti
;ution of learning in the world. Moreover, much of
;he endowment is in the form of property which will
augment in value with the development of the State
and the increase of population, and consequently the
university will have many years of growth before it
reaches the full measure of the gifts the founders
have bestowed upon it.
Under any circumstances the actual transfer of so
Urge an endowment into the hands of trustees of an
institution designed for the general good would be
a notable event. In this case, however, there is
something more than a mere transfer of wealth. The
deed of gift represents the completion of one of the
most difficult duties an American woman has ever
been called upon to perform. It was no slight task
that fell to the lot of Mrs. Stanford when Senator
Stanford died. She was called upon to take charge
<oi a vast property, to arrange with lawyers for the
Settlement of the various questions involved in the'
probate of the will and the distribution of the es
tate, to guard her interests and those of the univer
sity in all the complications arising out of the rela
tions of the Southern Pacific Company to the Gov
ernment and to its creditors, to manage the business
of the extensive farms and vineyards of the estate,
and, finally, to provide funds at all times for the
maintenance of the university without sacrificing the
funds and properties designed for the permanent en
"dowment.
All of those duties Mrs. Stanford has performed
not only with a noble fidelity to the wishes of her
husband and a devotion x to the welfare of the uni
yersity, but with conspicuous success. She has done
something more than save the estate. She has in
creased its value, and the endowment is much larger
than was at first estimated.
In carrying out the great task intrusted to her
Mrs. Stanford not only met every difficulty of labor
or of finance without shirking, but frequently made
great personal sacrifices • for the purpose of • ac
complishing the noble end she had in view. That
she had able and faithful counselors and advisers at
all times is to be conceded, but those advisers did
not always agree, and in many a crisis she was com
pelled to rely upon herself alone and to act upon her
own judgment. The credit for final success belongs,
therefore, fully to her, and it will be cordially given
by ail who have any knowledge of the labor by which
it has been attained.
California's good fortune is nowhere more strik
ingly shown than in the process of events by which
at this early stage in her history as an American
State she becomes possessed of two of the foremost
universities in the world. The future of each insti
tution is assured. For the present Stanford is richer
than the State University, but in the end the latter
will derive from taxation and from the gifts of liberal
citizens an endowment that will exceed even that of
the great institution at Palo Alto. They will never
have any rivalry other than that of a generous nature.
Like Oxford and Cambridge in old England and
Harvard and Yale in New England, they will mu
tually advance one another by inciting a healthful
emulation in all lines of endeavor, from athletics to
scholarship. In that consciousness the people of
California may congratulate one another upon the
munificent foundation of Senator Stanford and upon
the fidelity and efficiency with which Mrs. Stanford
has brought it to realization.
A New Yorker who, it is claimed, was caught
cheating at cards has sued his accusers for $100,000
damages to his feelings. It would be interesting to
know what damage he did to the purses of his
friends. . . •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1901.
THE PHILIPPINE DECISION.
THE minority of the Supreme Court which dis
sented from the Porto Rico decision now ac
cepts that as the law of the land, and, unexpect-^
edly to the majority. which delivered it, applies it to 1
the Philippines. In this application Chief Justice
Fuller is joined by Justices *Brown, Harlan, Peck
ham and Brewer; Justices Gray, Shiras, White and
McKenna dissenting. It will be seen that Justices
Brown held the balance of power, as'he did in the
Porto Rico case. This decision is said to have been
hailed with mad delight by the commercial classes at
Manila, those philanthropists leaping to the conclu
sion that it means free trade with the United States.
There is nothing in the decision to justify this exul
tant expectation. The court decides that the Philip
pines are domestic and not foreign territory. Up to
this time we have collected Dingley duties on their
importations to the United States. But the Dingley
tariff was made to apply only to importations from
foreign countries. As the Philippines are decided
not to be foreign, we cannot apply to them a law
made for foreign goods only. But that does not s at
all mean. that they are to have free trade with us.
The court has already settled in the Porto Rico case
that Congress may pass a tariff law applying to do
mestic territory, and Congress has acted upon that
authority. It will act upon it in regard to the Phil
ippines, and that speedily. All the duties heretofore
collected here and in the Philippines will have to be
refunded. But hereafter a tariff wall against them
will be built as high as the protected interests of this
country feel to be necessary. There is no 1 question
of sentiment about it. It is practical business. Be
coming part of our territory has made a political, not
a physical, change in the Philippines. Their produc
tion is just as inimical to ours as it was before.- The
sun is vertical still. The land is tropical. . Its only
possible labor is servile. These conditions inhere in
physical causes that neither politics nor prayer can
budge, and the sooner our people comprehend this
the better will it be for all concerned. Information
and vigilance are required to prevent to this nation
consequences like those that come to the small boy
who cats unripe fruit. A bill is already before Con
gress to admit Porto Rico as a State. We have seen
a few Porto Ricans in California, en route to the
plantations of Hawaii. They were representative
citizens of that tight little island. The idea of their
equal fellow-citizenship with us is repugnant. \ Very
speedily there will be a statehood proposition for the
Philippines. We don't want our birthright 'divided
with them. The Filipinos and the Porto Ricans are
the fruit of a conquest we did not intend to make,
: and the fruit is unripe. It will never ripen into
American ideas of government. To partake of it as
a statehood dish means the gripes and pains that al
ways follow such experiments.
Let us put statehood for these islands away, and
let us put between them and our producers a tariff
that will protect us. The free traders and sentimen
talists will talk about our obligation to those peo
ple. We are under no obligation to injure our-,
selves. The Porto Ricans and Filipinos are not hurt
by a tariff against them. It takes not a banana off
their tables, nor a nipa leaf off their huts. They
are not clamoring for free trade. Those who do are
the exploiting classes from th*is country and else
where, who want free trade that they may make a
fortune before the climate makes their livers declare
war and strike for the temperate zone.
At King Edward's* coronation a great many of the
ancient privileges of aristocracy are to be abolished.
The man with the hereditary right to carry the
King's bow and arrows is ■ not to be permitted to
make use of it, the hereditary champion who chal
lenges to single combat any contestant of the King's
right is also to be deprived of a chance to show him
self, and, saddest fate of all, the woman who has the
ancient privilege of scattering flowers before the
King is to be shut out. The coronation is to be an
cient in seme of its ceremonies, but not too ancient.
EUROPEAN ALLIANCES.
y-\ ISPATCHES from London to the effect that
Uthe Saturday Review . advocates a Germanr
British "friendship" for the. purpose of hold
ing the United. States in check, while the Spectator
favors the formation of a British alliance with Rus
sia for the purpose of checkmating Germany, are not
surprising. In fact; the relations between European
nations with respect to "world politics" are now so
complicated that abler , diplomatists than those who
edit London reviews are unable to determine in what
direction their most important interests lie and what
alliances would be most profitable to them.
If the Germans be really eager to gain a foothold
in this hemisphere, as the recent appropriations to
maintain German schools in Brazil seem to imply,
they would be wise in forming any kind of alliance
that would help them, for certainly they cannot deem'
themselves able to single-handed set the Monroe
doctrine aside. Great Britain, however, would be
about the last nation in the world to assist in any such
German scheme, for she. has much to lose and noth
ing "to gain'by conflict with the United States. Fur
thermore, in the present state of feeling between the
people of Germany and those of Great Britain a
"friendship" is hardly attainable by t the wisest di
plomacy. German dislike of American trade competi
tion may be keen, but it is not bitter; while the an
tagonism, to Britain because of the war against the
Boers is almost strong enough to force the* German
Government into active interference on the side of
the Boers.
While affairs on this side of the globe and in Africa
tend to prevent any kind of alliance or agreement as
to joint action between the British and the Germans,
the situation in Asia renders such an agreement al
most imperatively necessary. At the present time
Germany and Russia. are rivals for the possession of
railroad terminals on the Persian Gulf. The Rus
sians are extending their Central Asian railways
southward to the gulf, while the Germans have a con
cession from the Sultan 'for a railway from the Bos
phorus* eastward to the limit of his dominions, and
the road must have a seaport on the gulf or be com
paratively valueless. Great Britain also desires to
extend her. Indian ' lines westward to < the gulf
so as to connect with : the German lines and
thus form an all rail route .to India through
Southern Asia as an offset to the Siberian
road. In that part of the world, therefore,
British and German interests are identical, and both
are opposed to Russian interests. How, then, could
Britain and Russia form an alliance against Germany?
I . Finally, the aggressions of Russia in Manchuria
are formidable to Germany and Great Britain alike,
out much more to the former than to the latter! It
might be that the Czar and the Kaiser could agree
upon a Chinese policy, but it is not likely that Eng
land and Russia • could, agree. -On the other hand
[ there is no commercial- rivalry between the Russians
and the British as there is, between each r of those na
tions and the Germans. The British have no agri
cultural products to export noV have the Russians
any. manufactured goods, so they do not conflict in
trade. Each oi) them, however, has a conflict with
Germany, where the agrarians are trying to keep Rus
sian wheat and rye out of the country, and the manu
facturers are trying to exclude British goods.
The complexity of the situation has its advantages,
it compels all parties to keep the peace. A war be
tween. Germany and Britain.,would give Russia a" free
hand on the Persian Gulf,"' and both the warring na
tions would be virtually shut out of all Asia between
the Euphrates and India, while a war of either of
those powers with Russia would give the other a
free hand elsewhere, with results disastrous . to the
fighting parties. ' -
As for ourselves, we need neither'seek an alliance
with any power nor fear one. The Monroe doctrine
stood during our years of comparative weakness, and
there is no danger it will be set aside now. It looks
as if the world were to have a long period of peace
between the great powers. War would involve pos
sibilities of disaster not in battle alone, but in empire
itself, ami the risk., is", too great for. any nation to
undertake.' The concert of Europe is evidently
booked to give a continuous ; performance for many
a year to come. : ■ •
There may-be nothing more than a coincidence in
'the fact that the chaplains of both branches of Con
gress are blind, but it looks as if the' members of
each House had decided that it is safest not to have
a chaplain who. could" keep an^eye on them.
A ; CAMPAIGN OF EDUCATION.
HAVING adopted the^^raunhart resolutions
concerning the proposed' amendment to the
constitution providing for the creation of an
extraordinary commission witlf* something like a uni
versal power for regulating corporations, the Board
of Supervisors is now in a position to begin at once
an aptive campaign of education on the subject. The
committee appointed for that purpose should imme
diately get into communication with city and county
governments throughout the State in order that a
combined effort may be made to bring to public at
tention the evil nature of the scheme embodied in
the proposed amendment. /
Should the amendment be carried the people would
be at the mercy of a commission appointed *by Gov
ernor Gage but dictated by the corporations en
gaged in the management of what are known as pub
lic utilities. The commission would be composed of
five members holding office from two to ten years.
One of the members would retire and a new one be
elected every two' years, but the Gage commission
would have power for full six years before it would
be possible for the people to have even a chance of
electing a majority of the members. Moreover, the
amendment is so framed. that comparatively few citi
zens of 'property would be eligible to the commis
sion. It is provided that the Commissioners shall not
be holders of stock in. railroads, water, gas, express,
electric or^ telephone companies, or any other of the
corporations whose rates are to be regulated by the
commission. Thus the choice of Commissioners
would be limited to but a. small proportion of the
prosperous people of the State, and hardly, any 'but
professional politicians would be eligible. •: ! .-' f
The Call has repeatedly directed attention to this
measure, because it is one whose menace to 'the peo-l
pie cannot be too often pointed out. - .Virtually
would deprive municipalities and counties, of any ef
fective supervision of the corporations controlling
public utilities. Local government in that respect
would be annihilated, and the proposed State com
mission would have exclusive authority.
It is right and proper that the present local author
ities of cities and of counties should take an active
part in the campaign of education on the subject,
but the matter should not be left wholly to them.
The issue is one of concern to 'every voter in the
State, and all who take an intelligent interest in pub
lic affairs should co-operate in the effort to make cer
tain its rejection at the hands of the people.
It must- not be supposed that a scheme so patently
evil will defeat itself. It is well known that a con
siderable number of voters pay but little attention to
constitutional amendments unless they refer to some
issue that has long been a -subject of popular discus
sion, and consequently it is easy to foresee that the
evil of this amendment will not be understood unless
it is clearly pointed cut. The defense of the scheme
by the railroad organ in this city shows that the
Southern Pacific corporation is backing the amend
ment. What further warning can be needed? The
campaign of education should be undertaken sys
tematically as soon as possible and continue until
the defeat of the project is assured.
While Populism in, every, other part of the Union
seems to have gone glimmering through the mist of
things that were, there is still enough of it in Kansas
to make a noise, and just now it is clamoring against
any further fusion with Democracy. -
A proposed amendment to, the constitution of
Georgia designed to restrict negro suffrage has just
been voted down by the Legislature by an over
whelming majority, and so on that phase of politics
the South is not to be solid.
Something appears to be. radically wrong in the
administration of the affairs of the .local .Board of
Public Works. The board has not recently com
mitted any act in direct violation of its line of public
duty. •
. After all the discussion as to the best tactics for
Democrats to pursue in Congress, the matter will
probably, result in leaving each one free to make, his
own kick in his own way and at whatever he pleases.
We are to have something like $100,000,000 of-sur
plus in the national treasury this year, but as every
Congressman has ; gone, to Washington* with a rake
they, will probably be able to get away with it.
' However much , economical citizens may be dis
turbed over the surplus in the treasury, they can find
consolation in the. thought that the Democrats will
not have a chance to monkey. with it. '",■..' ' :
It looks now as if there would be enough anti
anarchist bills introduced into Congress to apply one
to every anarchist in the country and fit it to' the
needs of his particular case. *
Wachter of Maryland has made a bid for fame "by
introducing a bill forbidding ". the cadets of West
Point and of .Annapolis to engage • in football
matches; but it is easy. to see his finish.
It is noted that Croker's Democratic Club in New
York has reduced the annual ; dues from $50 to $25,
so it' seems the election must'havte hit them where it
hurts most. , "'„•■ • .
BRITISH USE DUMMY SENTINELS
AND GUNS TO SNARE THE BOERS
THE RAILWAYS IN THE TRANSVAAL. ARE GUARDED BY A SERIES OP BLOCKHOUSES, AND NO BLOCK
HOUSE IS CONSIDERED COMPLETE WITHOUT ITS DUMMY SENTINEL, TO WHICH IS OFTEN ADDED
A DUMMY GUN. THE GUNS ARE EVEN MORE WONDERFUL TO LOOK AT THAN THE SENTINELS, BE
ING CONSTRUCTED OF ANY ODD BITS OF WOOD THAT ARE OBTAINABLE.-LONDON GRAPHIC.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. C. W. Craven of Riverside is at the
Grand.
W. A. Junker of JDel Monte is at the
Palace.
Marion Biggs Jr., a banker of Orovllle,
Is at the Grand.
W. D. Bannister, a mining man of So
nora, Is at the Lick.
John B. Walker, a young clubman of
New York, is at the Palace.
The Baroness de Buren of Budapest
registered at the Palace yesterday.
R.G. Burton, proprietor of the opera
house at Fresno, is at the California.
A. Tognozznl.'a rancher and fruit grow
er of San Luis Obispo, is at the Grand:
S. R. Burke, manager of the Greenback
mine, at Grants Pass, Is at the Occidental.
,W. O. Woodbury, a mining man of Car
son City, has been spending a few days
in the city.
G. Babcock, son of the manager of the
Hotel Coronado, is at the Palace accom
panied by his wife. *
L.' A. Grant, a railroad contractor of
Los Angeles, is here on a business trip.
He is at the Palace. '
M.' H. McCord, United States Marshal
at Phoenix, Ariz., and editor of the Ari
zona Gazette, is at the Lick.
William Sproule, freight traffic manager
of the Southern Pacific Company, left last
evening' for a short trip to Chicago.
; James Neill, the popular actor, returned
yesterday, from Honolulu. He reports
having; - had a most successful season
there. . ; ; r: ;', : v
1; William !E:;Hoyt,. general Eastern pas
senger agent of the Missouri Pacific Rail
way, is here on a short business trip. He
is at the Palace.
Californians in New York.
NEW, YORK, Dec. 10.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
San Francisco — J. Brophy, at the Ross
more; J. Wand, at the Cadillac; L. M.
Davis,' at the Park Avenue; D. Sachs and
M. Shiranski and wife, at the Savoy; W.
L. White, at the Grand Union; T. C. Allis
and E. E. Bush, at the Imperial; J. M.
Gamble; at the Hoffman; J. S. Schwelzer,
at the Criterion; O. Hoffman, at the Her
ald Square,
Los Angeles— L. A. Peters, at the Conti
nental.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— The Hon. John
P. Irish, naval officer at San Francisco,
called upon President Roosevelt to-day
and had a very cordial interview. The
Hon. Joseph Spear Jr., Surveyor of tho
Port at San: Francisco, and Mrs. Spear
are at the Shoreham.
Turn Verein Thanks' Call.
Hon. John D. Spreckels, City — Dear. Sir:
At the last meeting of the executive com
mittee of the Golden Jubilee Fair of the
San Francisco Turn Verein the following
resolution' was adopted:
"Resolved, That the thanks of this com
mittee be extended to the Hon. John D.
Spreckels for the invaluable assistance
given us by the San Francisco Call on
the occasion of our recent fair.',' . . <
In transmitting this resolution we . beg
of you a continuance of your friendship
and good will, and remain very respect
fully yours,
THE EXECUTIVE CQMMITTEE.
JOHN SIMMEN, Chairman.
DR. F. FISCHER, Secretary.
San Francisco, Dec. 9, 19Q1.
Manila Housekeeping.
Domestic life In Manila, it Is said, is free
from many of the annoyances of house
keeping encountered in Europe or Amer
ica. .
For one thing,' there are no servant
troubles,' which is enough to make the
place a paradise, in the opinion of most
women from the United States, at any
rate.
The houses are not built after Western
fashions, because they wouldn't be com
fortable so. They 'are built on piles, with
a veranda around the upper floor. There
are ['- rooms '<■ all the ; way around. As the
suii moves certain apartments are left in
the shade, and the families travel around
the circuit in the day, j moving from one
room to the next, as comfort dictates. ?.
The rooms are kept clean by the house
boys.' The gardener brings whatever
water is required "' for use in the house.
The cook lives outside. . He, has his daily
orders over night, and does all of the
buying for the table on a fixed sum of |2
cr $3 dally.
Old subscribers to The Call are en
titled to the privilege of securing a
copy, of Cram's Superior Atlas of the
Worlds upon payment of $1 50, the
premium rate. ,
New Milk Adulterant.
The dairy inspectors in Minnesota have
discovered a new. milk adulterant, which
is being extensively used. /
It is called : "vlscogen," ; and . is composed
of sugar, lime and water. It has! the ef-,
feet ;, of ,; making the : milk appear much
richer thanjt is, as the lactic acid in the
milk turns the lime to, a thick white sub
stance that . assimilates and i improves ; its
looks. While it does not Injure the taste/
neither is it '. considered injurious to tho
health.' " ' ■ ' ■•..'" "■'■•■.■-.
; HOTEL : DEL CORONADO, .choicest Wlntel
Resort In the world,' offers best living, climate,
boating, bathing, fishing '. and most - amuse
ments. E. S. Babcock, manager, Coronado, : CaL
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
SHOULD BE ACKNOWLEDGED— S..
City. All gifts received at a wedding
should be acknowledged.
THE ALTEN.HEIM-J. P. S., City. The
Altenhelm at Frultvale receives old peo
ple of both sexes of German descent, who
are not ill.
ASTRONOMY— A. S., City. As you are
a resident of this city, suggest that you
visit the Free Public Library, where yon
will find all kinds of works on astronomy.
STANDARD COIN— M., City. Standard
coin is the term to designate coin that Is
strictly up to the conditions of fineness
and weight required by the law of the
country in which coined.
MADNESS AND MUSIC— Subscriber,
City. It was Burton in his "Anatomy of
Melancholy," 1624, who wrote that "per
sons bitten by the tarantula and made
mad were cured by music."
ON EQUAL FOOTING— H. f City. All
applicants for homestead lands in the
United States stand upon equal footing,
with equal rights and privileges to enter
the public lands. "First come, first
served."
THE MOON-S. M. C, City. When the
moon is obscured by a mist not of the
species called cirrus there is formed a ring
around it a few degrees in diameter.
There is a popular superstition that such
a ring portends rain, but like many su
perstitions about the moon it is not al
ways correct. , ' -
HER MAIDEN NAME— Scholar, City.
The maiden name of "Mother Goose,"
who composed the "Mother Goose" melo
dies, was Elizabeth Foster. She was born
in 1665, and in 1693 married Isaac Goose.
She was a member of the Old South
Church of Boston, Mass., and died in 1757
at the age of 92 years.
REPRESENTATION— Old Subscriber,
City. For Representative to Congress the
present apportionment, or ratio, is one
Representative for every 173,901. By act
of Congress, approved January, 1901, the
number of Representatives 13 fixed at 383,
to take effect March 4, 1903. When new
States are admitted their Representatives
are to be added to this number.
THE DIMES OF 1894-E. J. F., Los An
geles. Cal. There were but twenty-four
dimes coined in San Francisco during the
year 1894. Each of these bears the sign
of the San Francisco Mint— the letter S.
The amount of premium such will com
mand depends on how much the individual
having one wants oh one hand and the
amount the one who wants to become pos
sessor of it would be willing to give.
MOON AND MAHOMET— A. T. R.,
City. The story of the moon and Maho
met is that Mahomet had the moon per
form seven circuits around Caaba, or the
holy shrine of Mecca, then enter the right
sleeve of his mantle and go out at the
left. At its exit it split in. two pieces,
which reunited in the center of the. firma
ment. This miracle was performed for
the conversion of Hahab the Wise.
SULLIVAN-MITCHELL— J. . M., Jack
son, Cal. On March 10, 1888, John L. Sulli
van defeated Charlie Mitchell in thirty
nine rounds at Chantllly, France. The
fight was for $2500 a; side, was fought ac
cording to the rules of the London prize
ring, with bare knuckles, lasted three
hours ten minutes fifty-five seconds.
Referee, J. B. Angle; seconds— Jack Ash
ton, George McDonald; umpire. Jack Bar
nett. Sullivan won knock down and Mit
chell drew first blood in the eighth, round.
LANGUAGES— A. R., City. There are
more than 200,000 words in the English
language. Bepler's Handy Manual of
Knowledge, edition. of 1890, gives the fol
lowing number of words In other- lan
guages: German 37,000, Italian 25,000
French 32,060, Spanish 30,000. No one has
yet taken the time to count the number
of words in the most complete dictionary
of each language, and until such is done
there will be no accurate list of the num.
ber of words in each language. It is esti
mated that the Chinese language is com
posed of 50,000 1 words.
PHILOPENA— SIttle, City. The origin
and the orthography of Philopena, .a
somewhat simple game of forfeit, is un
settled. "A person in a party who finds a
two-kerneled almond or other .nut pre
sented one "of the kernels to another per
son, keeping the other for self.'Which
ever one of the two parties either receives
from the other's hand any object offered
or answers by, yes or no a question put
by the other, or at the next meeting of
the two is not the first to say philopena
or! falls on any other test agreed upon'
must pay forfeit to the other. The word
is also written fllopena, fillpeen and phili
liplne.
CLAQUEURS — Theater-goer, City
Claqueurs, or persons hired to applaud in
theaters, were first Introduced in the
theaters of Paris by Mons. Sauton in 1820
He furnished to managers who wished to
Insure the success of a dramatic piece cer
tain claquera, sometimes as many as five
hundred, who were divided Into ; classes
namely: "Commissaires.V those who
committed the piece to memory and wer«>
noisy in pointing out its merits; "rleurs,"
those who laughed at the puns and jokes
"pleurers,"-chiefly women,' who held their
pocket-handkerchiefs to their eyes at tho
sympathetic parts ; "chatouilleurs,"
whose duty Jt. was to keep .the audience in
good humor. and!"bisseurs," whose duty
it was to cry' (bis) encore.
A CHANCE- TO SMILE.
"Have you read BIIHgson's new book?"
"No. But I take it for granted that it
can't be clever. No one has yet accused
him of plagiarism. — Washington Star.
First 'Skeeter— Where's your sister?
Second 'Sweeter— Gone. 1 1^.
First 'Skeeter— Dear, dear, I hadn'lT
heard of it. How did it happen?
Second 'Skeeter— She bit a crude oil
magnate.— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"Willie, I am glad to hear you Hay you
would like to be an angel. What would
you do if you were one?"
"I'd fly up to the top of that big cotton
wood tree in our yard an' take my kite
out of it."— Chicago Tribune.
The man of wealth may distance all tho
crowd
And number thousands under hl3 em-
Ploy;
But he will never come to be as proud
In manner as his brand-new offlce-boy.
—Washington Star.
Johnny — Look at the elephant moving
his great big fins, mamma!"
Mamma— Those are his ears, dear. What
use has an elephant for fins?
Johnny— Huh! I guess he can use *em
when his head swims, can't he? — Pitts
burg Press. ■ •
"He has told me he loved me," said the
fair girl, confidingly, "but I don't know
whether to marry him or not."
"Don't you think he tells the truth?"
"I am sure he doies his best to tell the
truth. But, you see. he works in the
weather bureau."— Washington Star.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsead. »
Cboice candies. Townsend's. Palace "Hotel*
CaL Glace Fruit 60c per Ib at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and pubUo men by thm
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). &10 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042 *
6KATSCHINSKI
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
We Beg to Present
For your consideration a few
styles in shoes and slippers that
are particularly adapted to this
season of the year. Our Holiday
rtock is complete and we cordially
Invite you to Inspect the same. Spe-
cial — Ladies' three*strap button
"Queen" sandals, made of vici
kid, with plain coin toes, turned
solea and French heels. The PRICE
ONLY 81.80, sizes S to %
•widths A to E. I
H life V«'w
Ladles" ideal patent leather kid fi
lace shoes, with mat kid tops, I]
straight foxed, coin toes and tips, 13
extension edges, with rope stitch- I
ing and Cuban heels, REDUCED I
TO $2 15 A PAIR, sizes 2% to 7%. I
Tan or black, opera or Everett a
slippers, with patent, leather trim- 1 1
.mings. for men, ONLY tl 00, sizes Ii
. 5 to 11. *J
OUR STORE *has been enlarged I
and seating capacity increased. H
WE WILL BE OPEN EVEN- M
INGS during the month of Decem- IT
ber. r j
NEVER MIND THE SIZE. Just [I
buy a shoe order. No present more r I
acceptable. (w~
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO, |
IO THIRD STREET. M
San Francisco. [:!/ AanrsEioarrs.
EVERY EVEXIICG AT 8 SHARP
MATIICEE SATUKDAT AT 2 SHARP!
This Week Last of the Famous
POLLARD AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
First Production In This City
"IN TOWN."
MONDAY. Dec. 16. The Favorite
TIVOLI COMIC OPERA COMPANY
POPULAR PRICES *, BOc £J £
Telephone Bush 9.
BELASCO * THALL.
TO=NI(ffiT and All Week.
The Successful Comedy,
"CHRISTOPHER JR."
Presented by the
EXCELLING ALCAZAR STOCK CO.
Rerular Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Seats on sale six days In advance
PRICES-OSc. £5c. S5c. 50c and 75c
KEXT-'THE GAY MR. LIGHTFOOT."
MATINEE TO-DAY (Wednesday), Dec. 11.
Parquet, any eeat, 25c: balcony. 10c; chll-
cren, any part except reserved 10c.
A BILL THATJS A HUMMER!
Sherrie Mathews, Norma Whalley,
Sam Marion and William McCait,
Flo Irwin and Walter Hawley, I
Fred Niblo, Fraser Troupe, Du-
mond's Parisian Minstrels, "Wer-
den and Shepherd, La Tortajada,
and the Biograph.
HAS ALL THE ESSENTIALS OF A GREAT
SUCCESS.
Tuneful, Witty, Bright.
EVERY NIGHT (INCLUDING SUNDAY )
MATI.VEE SATX-RDAY.
America's Foremost Comic Opera Comedian
JEFFERSON
De ANGELIS
In the Enormously Successful Operatic Novelty,
A Royal Rogue.
By Ch&s. Klein and W'm. T. Francis.
Presented by a SUPERB COMPANY.
Cousins— MARY MANNERING.
BElASCOAKoTHASJC&^fjtfpt
TO-NIGHT-ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A BIG SUCCESS.
Chas. E. Blaney's Comedy Drama.
THP
•ELECTRICIAN
An Electric Power -house in Full Operation.
THE SENSATION OF THE YEAR.
pnrc; Ever.ir.gE 13c to 50c
rlilVEJ Matinees 10c. 15c, 25c
Next Week— "MULPOON'S PICNIC."
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
To-night and Every Evening This Week.
MINNIE SELIGMAN
America's Greatest Emotional Actress,
In Sardou's Great Play,
A Wife's Peril.
Made Famous by Lily Langtry.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees, 25c.
Next Week-MINNIE SELIGMAN In "DI-
PLOMACY."
r EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAY.
S. MILLER KENT,
PRESENTING
THE COWEOY AND THE LADY.
Ey CLYDE FITCH. Author of "Barbara
Frletchie," etc., etc.
New Ycrk Knickerbocker Theater Production.
NEXT-SUNDAY. Dec. 15.
THOMAS JEFFERRON,
, Presentine on a Majrniflcent Scale
"RIP VAN WINKLE."
SEATS SALE THURSDAY.
CENTRAL PARK,
MARKET STREET, NEAR EIGHTH.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
EVERY THURSDAY. SATURDAY. SUNDAY
AND TUESDAY.
THE GREATEST SPORT OF THE COUNTRY
MORE EXCITING THAN BULL-FIGHTIN'G.
* AROUSES INTENSE ENTHUSIASM.
* - ADMISSION 2oc and 50c.
CHUTES ANDjZOO E I^ E A ££T
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
T0-M02B0W NIGHT— THE AMATEURS
IN AN ALL-STAR SHOW.
SATLT.DAT NIGHT— CAKE-WALK.
Telephone lor Seats — Park 23.
____^ — ■ — r- — — — —
T?TCPUI7I3'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
MME. CHARITY MARTIN; G. S. Wanrell;
Mullaly Sisters; Chan. Harrington: Batnella;
Blanche Reynolds; Kalacratus, and Hinrichs'
Orchestra.. Reserved seats 25c. Matinee Sunday.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
betels is the wholesale and manu-
lacturer** district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad ana
% newspaper offices, banks and tne-
v eters- Street cars to all parts ox
the city— depots, ferries and parks— !
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
REGENTS WILL
MEET MONTHLY
W. T. Clarke Is Appoint
ed to Investigate the
• Peach Moth.
Small. Tuition Fee Must Be
Paid by Non-Resident
Students.
The State University Regents, met. at
the Hopkins Institute of .Art yesterday,
with Regent Wallace in the chair. Con
siderable business . was transacted. The
board -meets quarterly, -but "President
Wheeler of j the ' university asked that
more frequent meetings be held In order
that the transaction of business might
be facilitated. Regent Budd thereupon
gave notice that at the next meeting he
would move to amend the rules so as to
provide for a meeting of the board on the
second Tuesday of each month. '
The following recommendations of
President Wheeler were adopted:
"Appointing Warren T. Clarke as as
sistant in entomology for six months, be
ginning January 1, 1902, at a salary of
$50 a month. Mr. Clarke is to be assigned
to investigations regarding the peach
moth now afflicting the orchards in the
neighborhood at Newcastle.
"Appointing Allen C. Wright assistant
In mechanics for six months, beginning
January 1, at a salary of $80 a month.
He takes the place of L. P. Cheseborough,
who was employed up to the end of last
year.
Praise Lectures on Agriculture.
"Accepting the resignation of Benjamin
F. Mills Jr. as secretary of the Lick Ob
servatory and appointing Miss Wilmetta
Curtis -to the vacancy, the same taking
effect December 1.
"Accepting- the resignation of W. D.
Ferguson as Emanu-i^l Fellow In Semi
tics,*to date from December 3L
"Granting leaves of absence to the fol
lowing named: Professor E. B. . Clapp,
head of the department of Greek, for
iyO'2-03 at full pay; Professor Jaffa for
1902-03 at two-thirds pay; Professor Has
kell for 1902-03 at two-thirds pay."
Resolutions of thanks for donations
were adopted and ordered transmitted to
the following: named; Mrs. A. S. Halll
die for a collection of minerals,. Dr. A.
S. Eukle for specimens of rocks from
European and ' American localities. Gov
ernor Joekes of Sumatra, for welcome and
assistance granted the members of the
Crocker eclipse expedition in May last.
Letters were received from members of
farmers' institutes at Watsonville, Napa,
Kelseyville, Elk Grove, Upper Lake and
other points in the interior warmly com
mending the lectures and operations of
Professors Wlckson, Fowler, Anderson,
Ward and Loughridge In behalf of agri
culture in California. The board was re
quested to continue the work now in
hand, and in this connection $7500 was
appropriated for the maintenance of sum
mer schools of agriculture. The holding
of the institute will therefore be con
tinued -without interruption.
Site for a Clubhouse.
President Wheeler stated that the pro
fessors at the university desired permis
sion to select a site on the grounds for
a clubhouse. The matter was, referred
to him, with power to act. It is proposed
to erect a building to cost $8000 for club
purposes.
The recommendation of the finance com
mittee imposing a tuition fee of $20 upon
non-resident students was adopted. Sills
aggregating $167,000 were ordered paid.
The sum of J5000 was appropriated out of
the permanent improvement fund to de
fray the cost. of erecting an addition to
the library.
- Attention was called to the fact that
the roof of the medical building of the
Afiilialed Colleges was In need of repair.
The board ordered the repairs to be
made, the expense of the same to be met
out of the money to be received from the
colleges next month.
Th board will meet at Berkeley on the
21st inst., at which time degrees will be
conferred and the grounds examined by
the Regents.
CLAIMS FEE DEMANDED
IS MUCH TOO LAB JE
Attorney Humphreys Says That At
torney Hassett Is Not Entitled
to Big Bemuneration.
M. C. Hassett, attorney for Public Ad
ministrator P. Boland, will not get a $2000
fee out of the estate of Elma Mabel Tay
lor if Attorney .William P. Humphreys
can prevent it. Humphreys filed a pro
test yesterday against the granting of
Hassett's claim. He says 52000 is exor
bitant and that It was never earned by
Hassett. Humphreys says in his protest
that according to a schedule of fees made
by a Superior Judge all that Hassett
could claim out of the Taylor estate,
which consists of $18,953 in cash, is $400.
Humphreys says also that Hassett, in
stead of aiding the Public Administrator,
hampered him.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"harpers"
*A New Book of Verse
Hawthorn
And Lavender
By W. E. HENLEY
This is anew book of poems, by
the author of "A Bjok of Verse,"
"Th» Song of the Sword," etc.
Mr. Henley is undoubtedly the'
loremobt living English poet. The
present volume, apart from the
beauty and value of Mr.Hmley's
work.Js most attractively bound.
It is designed specially for a holi-
day gift.
(Tn Box) $1.60 net
HARPER & BROTHERS
Franklin Square few York
AMUSEMENTS.
gJH^ RACING
t "~^^'?j£S3SI^F m Every Week Day—
lijr . Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Kcces start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping et toe entrance tn tht
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no Emoklr.g. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con*
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electrlo
cars ro direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:15 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCOS
vs.
ALL-AMERICAS.
TO-DAY AT_2:45 P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
Elchth and Harrison Streets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1901.
DEBUTANTES GRACE A BAZAAR
IN AID OF ST. LUKE'S CHURCH
Ladies of the Ga'ifornia Club Listen to Interesting Papers Read
by Prominent Visitors— Daughters of Pioneers Entertain
Their Many priends With a Delightful Promenade Concert
THE assembly rooms in the base
ment of St. Luke's Church, corner
of Van Ness avenue and Clay
street, presented a lively appear-
ance last evening. -A • bazaar to
aid the church ia being held there, and
the members of the exclusive set who be
long to the congregation " turned out in
force to patronize the pretty . booths.
Pursestrings were opened and articles of
every description were carried away as
souvenirs of a delightful affair, j
The bazaar Is a fixture of St. Luke's
Church. Each year, the ladles of the
church help some deserving ca'use by pre
senting articles of every description to the
committee in charge, and these articles
are placed in attractive booths and sold
to the visitors by pretty girls.
Belles who have made their bow in so
ciety and some who have just started in
the whirl of the exclusive set disposed of
fancy work, refreshments and useful ar
ticles with a a*"! that was surprising. The
beaus turned out In force. Fathers and
big brothers were there, and not one of
them left the hall until his pockets were
depleted.
The scene was a brilliant one. Beautiful
women handsomely gowned passed from
booth to booth buying articles ■with a gen
erosity that bespoke prosperity for the
bazaar.
The booths presented a very attractive
appearance. They were decorated with
evergreens and bunting. Japanese lan
terns and umbrellas were used with pleas
ing effect. The lemonade booth did a
rushing business, for every one seemed
to cultivate a thirst after looking at the
large bowls containing the beverage. The
refreshment-room was filled with visitors
during the entire evening.
The bazaar will continue to-day. Three
young ladies will discourse music during
the afternoon and evening, and prominent
ladies will receive the visitors and pilot
them to the booths. The rush at some of
the booths last evening reminded one of -a
special sale at a drygoods store. The ba
zaar is a success, and it is due to the ef
forts of the officers of the Twenty Minute
Workers' Society, which is connected
SCENE AT THE BAZAAR IN AID OF ST. LUKE'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH AND TWO LADIES WHO TOOK A
PROMINENT PART IN THE SUCCESSFUL PROMENADE CONCERT GIVEN LAST EVENING BY THE
DAUGHTERS OF CALIFORNIA PIONEERS. • • ' .
with the church. They are: President,
Mrs. Philip Caduc; vice presidents— Mrs.
Henry T. Scott, Mrs. Horace Plllsbury,
Mrs. A. N. Drown, Mrs. Sydney M. Smith,
Mrs. Louis Parrott, Mrs. J. G. Clark;
treasurer, Mrs. George W. Kline; record
ing secretary, Mrs. Eleanor Davenport;
corresponding secretary, Mrs. E. A.
Belcher.
The social science department of the
California Club held a meeting yesterday
afternoon at the club's rooms, Y. M. C.
A. building. Mrs. Arthur Cornwall pre
sided. In opening the meeting Mrs. Corn
wall said that the club was about to
study the subject of social science with
the view of promoting the appointment
by the State Government of women, as
sanitary and factory inspectors after the
fashion of England and many cities of
America. , .
Mrs. Jean Sinclair of Montreal, who
has traveled extensively, spoke on the
subject. She had just returned from. Lon
don, where she had made the matter of
women factory Inspectors a special study 1 .
In support of the woman inspector she
claimed that women employes could
communicate more readily with a wcrman
than with a man, and she urged that it
was more suitable for women to super
vise women; that women suffered griev
ances and had complaints to make which
they would only willingly communicate to
a woman. Both in 'France and England
the women inspectors were empowered to
take proceedings for infringement of the
law, though in France a limit to their
office was made. New Zealand • had gone
farther In the matter of inspector than
CHAMBEB OP COMMERCE
,: HOLDS MONTHLY MEETING
Matters of Great Importance to Local
Commercial interests Are*
Considered.
The board of directors of the Chamber
of Commerce held its j regular j monthly
meeting yesterday and considered matters
of Importance to commercial Interests
and the community at large.
It / was decided that the other local
commercial bodies should be Invited to co
operate in attempting to secure the an-.
mm V «0 'fts^' «aa> c& £» «L A twP
with fresh milk is
a COMPLETE food.
Our book, '« Mellin's Food Babies"
sent free.
Mellin's Food Co., Boston, Mms.
any other country in the world, and Ger
many has for the last dozen years been
agitating for the appointment of women
inspectors, but so far inspection of indus
trtal workers throughout the empire was
almost nil. The sweat shop system of
New York was touched upon by the
speaker. ,
Mrs./Boyd of Denver spoke of the suc
cess of the "Pingree Gardens" In Denver,
and also of the children's play grounds,
which were under the direction of the
women's club. She also explained the
success that had attended the "Penny
Savings Bank" system connected with the
schools of Denver. In six months the
children had deposited $1100. The system
had at first met with opposition on the
part of the superintendents, but the re
sults hadlwon them over.
Speaking of the play ground which !a
to: be opened at Seventh and Harrison
streets. Mrs. Cornwall announced that
through the influence of the California
Club $12,000 had been appropriated by *ho
Board of . Supervisors for the Board j of
Education' for. the play ground. The club
desired to promote other play grounds
throughout the city. The members de
eired to give the Board of Education all
the assistance In their power, and she
said they would also work constantly to
get women into places where they will
fit and do good. Mrs. Cornwall also an
nounced that , Henry Payot will give a
stereopticon lecture at the club's rooms
next Tuesday illustrating travels through
Japan, and on the same afternoon the
mothers' clubs 'of the several settlements
would be entertained.
The Society of Daughters of California
actmervt of the international bankruptcy
law. The California delegation at Wash
ington is also to be requested to act to
ward securing the creation of . a new
cabinet portfolio to be called the Depart
ment of Commerce and Industries. The
Chamber of Commerce representative at
Washington, W. M. Bunker, is instructed
to confer with the military authorities
with a view toward having one of the
four new camps for the drill of brigades
and, divisions of the regular army estab
lished somewhere near San Francisco. ' '
Appropriate" resolutions were ordered
drt. \vn up in memory of J. W. Aiiyne. -a
member of the organization, who has died
since the • ' last : meeting. Thirteen new
firms were elected to membership.
News in Army Circles,
The troops scheduled to sail on tha
Sheridan/ which is now expected to leave
not earlier than January 1, are the Elev
enth Cavalry, headquarters and First
Battalion 1 of the" Twenty-seventh Infan
try and several hundred unassigned re
cruits. - Preparations are under , way at
the Presidio for the accommodation of a
much greater number of troops, thanare
stationed j there' at ;. present. .. Captain ;T.
R. Marshall has ' been assigned to tem
porary duty at the general hospital pend
ing orders from the War Department to
leave for the Philippines. -.■■•■
Insolvent Petitions.
Mrs. A; J. Bussell, , milliner, Stockton,
filed a petition. in insolvency yesterday in
the United ■ States - District , Court. Her
liabilities . are 1839 39 ; and' her .assets $501.
George ■ Washington Eames, a bill collec
tor ■ of ' Oakland, followed- suit. He owes
$386 , and , he has , no assets. WfWto^S&^M^k
Pioneers entertained its many friends last
night at Pioneer Hall in honor of the first
anniversary of its organization. The pro
gramme'was vocal and instrumental, and
concluded with dancing. -. . yJ
The musical programme was as follows:
Orchestral number; address by President
Mrs. M. V. H. Gurnett; vocal aolo, Miss Grace
de Forest; orchestral number; vocal solo, Rus
sel Lowry; orchestral number; vocal solo, Mrs.
Ernest Leigh; cornet solo by Dr. Beach; or
chestral number.
A quiet wedding was celebrated In the
parlors of t;he Occidental Hotel at 11
o'clock yesterday morning, the contract
ing parties being Eugene E. Howell, Sec
retary of State for Nevada, and Miss
Maud Haines of Genoa, Nev., daughter
of the late James W. Haines, ex-Senator
and one of the leading politicians of that
State. Only the immediate friends of The
bride and 'groom j were present. The
bride, who was attired in a charming
traveling costume, was /given away by
Hon. Stephen Gage, who wa3 a^Jifelong 1
friend, of her. father. Rev. W..H. Reilly,
rector of* St. Paul's ,, Church, performed
the ceremony. After the wedding break
fast the happy couple left for Monterey
and the south to spend their honeymoon.
The groom is a native of Oakland and
graduated from the State University. He
is looked upon as one of the leading
young politicians of Nevada, ' and this is
his second term" as Secretary of State.
His father is a prominent mining man of
this State.- The bride Is a handsome
young lady and an accomplished vocalist.
She graduated last year from the College
of Music in San Jose. . -: . > .
CREAMERY OPERATORS
TO HOLD CONVENTION
Interesting Programme, Consisting
of Addresses, Butter-making Expe
riments and Banquet, Arranged,
j The annual convention of thai Califor
nia Creamery Operators' Association Is to
be held at the San Francisco Dairy Ex
change on Thursday and Friday, Decem
ber 26 and 27. .,?-,
A programme consisting of addresses
and experiments of great interest to but
ter-makers has been arranged. The an
nual business meeting and election of offi
cers, to.be followed by : a banquet, will
close the convention. Delegates by invi
tation from Professor Anderson will visit
the College of Agriculture, Dairy School
and Experiment Station of the University
of California,. the morning preceding the
opening of the convention.
Some, of those who will deliver ad
dresses are H. F. Lyon of Alameda, Wil
liam H.Saylor, Thomas Hodge, K. B.
Willey and W..D. McArthiir of San Fran
cisco, Professors- Anderson and A.- A:
Ward of the State University, G. G. Knox
of Sacramento, . H. P. Carpenter of Los
Banos, ; G. W. . Kneib of , Portland, Or. ;
E: H. Zimmerman of .Watsonyllle, W. M.
Turner' of Slerraville, '. J. E. Thorp of
Lockef ord,-G. -. E. Peoples ' of Fresno : and
C. F. Andrews, of Point- Arena, (
. ■.-.;., — - — ■ ♦ ■
All. holders of Call Atlas coupons
can ' secure Cram's Superior Atlas of
the VWorld, 19O1 edition, bypresent
1d g coup on i at the business ' office of
of .this; paper. ;
.ADVERTISEMENTS.
<&% The Best Christmas y P
$€^ Present For So Little JLt*
I THE,' YOUTH'S '% {
\ COMPANION. I
w • . <#
\0 TT is a gift whose beauty and usefulness and power to \>
$ ■■• delight increase as the year goes by, each weekly issue JJi
W ' bringing new and fascinating stories, articles on topics of < \
W special interest by famous men and women, miscellany,"" <>
tp humorous anecdotes and an abundance of other good read- 1 1 h
<P ing, richly illustrated. < t I
qp • A complete Announcement of the Attractive Features of The' Companion's new • iQ
$ volume lor 1902 will be sent with copies of the paper to any address* Free. ~; U)
1 A CHRISTMAS OFFER. I
(fa . .
ip Every Nev Subscriber who will mention this publication or cut out this slip (p '
W tnd send It at once with name and address and $ 1 .75 will receive : <P ■
$ PRCC — All the issues of The Companion for the remaining weeks of 1 90 1 . & ;
<D TREE — -The Christmas and New Year's Double Numbers. i» j
$ TREE — -The Companion Calendar for 1902, lithographed In twelve Jjj
*K colors and embossed with {old. CH3S7 Jo
W And The Companion for 52 weeks of 1902,— more than 200 stories, 50 V
ttJ • special articles, etc.,— from now until January, 1903, for S1.75. - <P
jjj THE YOUTH'S COMPANION, Boston, Mass. $ i
REVENUE PUZZLE
STILL UNSOLVED
Telegraphic Advice From
Washington About the
' Philippines.
' Correspondence between the Treasury
Department and Customs Collectors
throughout the country is multiplying,
and ,the state of uncertainty regarding
the revenue status of* the Philippines is
widespread. Customs Collector Stratton
received yesterday from E. T. Chamber
lain, Commissioner of Navigation, the fol
lowing circular, approved by H. A. Tay
lor, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury:
1. In view of the 'recent decisions of the
Supreme Court, particularly In the cases of
Emii J. Pepke against the United States;
Christian Huus, appellant, against the New
York and Porto Rico Steamship Company;
Henry W. Dooiey agrainst the United States,
and De Lima against Bidwell, etc., collectors
of customs will no longer impose tonnage tax
on vessels from the Philippine Islands, under
the provisions of section 11 of the act of June
19, 18S6, which require the payment of tonnage
tax at each entry on all vessels which shall
be entered in any port of the United States
from any foreign port or place In North Amer
ica etc., and also at each entry upon all
vessels which shall be entered In the United
States from any other foreign ports, etc.
2. Vessels entered in the United States from
foreign ports or places via the Philippine Isl
ands, and vessels departing from the Philip
pine Islands on a voyage to the United States
and entered in the United States from inter
mediate foreign ports or places visited during
such, voyage will be subject as heretofore to
the payment of tonnage tax under the law
above cited, provided such vessels shall be
entered or cleared at the intermediate foreign
ports or places, or shall there take on board
cargo or passengers.
Several days ago Collector Stratton tel
egraphed to the Secretary of the Treasury
the following inquiry: '
Is section 4347, Revised Statutes, as amend
ed by act of February 17, 1898, operative be
tween the United States and tha Philippines?
Yesterday morning the following tele
grame was received in reply, signed As
sistant Secretary Taylor:
Hypothetical question whether section 4347,
Revised Statutes, applies to shipment between
the United States and the Philippines held In
abeyance pending further consideration by the
department of recent decision of Supreme
Court in insular cases. My yesterday's tele
gram of instructions concerning "War Depart
ment Manila bills of lading in. special cases
requiring further attention, will be considered.
Roanoke Rye, Honey and Horehound.
Its quality tells the story. •
Indicted for Counterfeiting.
The Federal Grand Jury yesterday
brought in a true bill of indictment
against Dr. O. W. Wood worth, charging
him' with having been in the unlawful
possession of molds for making counter
feit dollars.
Kohler & Chase, Established 1850.
— TO—^ ;■';•",-■;.
Piano Purchasers
TILL CHRISTMAS.
Kohler & Chase can save you from $50 to $100 on a
piano, and you can select it from the largest wholesale
stock on the coast. SEE the instrument and be your
own judge. >
• REMEMBER THE NUMBER--26 TO 30 O'fARRELL STREET.
OPEN EVENINGS.
K.NrtOE AGENTS.
HEADQUARTERS 26"30 OTaiTell St., 6ANFRANC18C0
DESK-QTUBTER-3AWED 0AX,
$10.00
VTe furnish homes, flats, hotels and
rooming-houses complete. We have
all the latest designs la furniture,
carpets, curtains and draperies and
will gladly give you an estimate.
Credit if you wish it, and free de*
livery within 150 miles.
We close at 6 except on Saturday.
T, BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.,
338-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Square.
Everybody Will Be Expected
At the bankrupt clothing sale, that will
start to-morrow morning. The doors will
open at 8, but no garment will be sold be
fore 9. There will be on sale from tha A.
Brick stock 1500 men's all-wool suits, lrt
fancy worsteds, cheviots, clays, diagonal,
in blue and black, worth $20, yet $4.65 will
buy the same to-morrow at the opening
of the great bankrupt clothing sale of tha
Boston, 773 Market street, near Fourth.
P. C. Kelly, Assignee. • ,
Richmond Church. Bazaar.
The ladies of the Richmond Congrega
tional Church will give a dinner and ba?
zaar at Richmond Hall, Fourth avenue
and Clement street, this afternoon and
evening. Dinner wiil be served from 6 to
8 and will cost 25 cents. Many useful and
pretty articles will be disposed of during
the day and evening.
JOSEPH FIGEL,/ MERCHANT TAIL
OR. The latest styles to select from. Suits
from $20 upward. Overcoats, fancy vests,
etc., at greatly reduced prices. Second
floor Flood building, 4th and Market Sts.«
Ladies' Aid Social.
The Ladles' Aid Society of the Califor
nia-street Methodist Episcopal . Church
will on Friday, December 13, at 8 o'clock,
give a social in the church parlors at
Broderick and California street. A musi
cal and literary programme is being ar
ranged. Light refreshments 'will bo
served.
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE. MARKETS.
Silver a fraction firmer. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat ratJier lozcer again. Wheat freights firm.
Barley quieter, but steady. Oats very strong.
Rye advanced again. Corn very quiet.
Corn products lower, Bran and Middlings steady.
Hay runs along about the same. „
Beans and Seeds inactive and mainly unchanged.
Potatoes steady and Onions firmer again.
All grades of Butter weak and heavily offered.
Cheese easy under large supplies. . .
Medium end lower grade Eggs weak. Fine ranch Eggs steady.
Oranges and Bananas in excessive supply and weak.
Lemons and Litnes as before quoted.
Provisions show no further fluctuations.
Wool in steady request and cleaning .up.
Hides quieter, both here and in the East. . *
Hop market in fair condition.
Beef and Mutton higher. Veal and Pork unchanged.
More business in local stocks and bonds.
Pig Tin lower.
Coinage of the Mints.
The coinage of the different United States
mints during the first eleven months of the
year was es follows:
Doubl« eagles $22,649.900 01
K2 K le s 45.425.420 00
half-eagles 21.319,8-50 00
30.710 00
f-tandard dollars 21.032,5:{3 00
>lp.!f-3ollars 3.060.789 ?0
Quarter-dollars 2.WW.299 75
Dimes 2.204.220 20
Five cents 1.141.310 <!5
Ce:its 003.331 4-J
Total $110.0 14.44C rvt
la 1900 119.S40.S20 81
Dried Fruits lit New York.
Mail reports from New York say: "Trade Is
cuiet. but with the exception of a few Iine3
the market shows decided strength. Currants
continue very firm at C@G%c for Amallas. with
free! demand in small lots. Occasional saies
ere reported of fifty-barrel lots 'at quotations.
Layer figs sell -well and are firmer. 9c being
ebout bottom price now for anything of mer
chantable quality. Dates rfre quiet and un
< hanged. Two thousand boxes Persians, are |
fedvertised fcr sale at auction to-day. Valen- i
cia layer raisins are still going out quite freely
and eurrlie? are light. Sultanas are rather
slow. Domestic loose Muscatel raisins meet
with only small demand on spot. Four-crown
loose continue in lieht supply, most holders
asking Cijc California London layers are In
light supply and in some demand. Seedless
Muscatels are having some sale in a small way
from 59i@ec. Coast bleached Sultanas are prac
tically not to be had on spot and there are
eoid to be very few in California.
"Prunes are selling very well on the spot,
considering the season of the year. Santa
< laras being generally held at cur inside quo
tations. Holders cf some favorite brands quote
ip to our outside figures for popular brands,
l»ut very little business is doing on that basis.
On the coast the situatioa is steadily becom
ing firmer and few holders now quote under
a 3i4c coast baste jjrice for Santa Claras.
«lres from COs to 90^: although it Is believed
a few -ears mitrht still be secured at %<SVic
less. Sizes 40-50s and 50-COs are still offered
at a 3c basis, with some asking up to V*c
incre for these sizes. A few Sonomas are still
offered from the coast. Orders ; for several
rare, consisting: cf large sizes and a few C0-7Os
end 70-8Cs. were wired out £t a 2?*c basis.
Visalias. it is reported, are still available from
packers as low as a 2%c basis.
'"Tarragona almonds pro very scarce and
held firm at lS'.i'alSc. Ivicas are exhausted.
Jorfian £hel!e<5 are advancing and the market
on the other side is reported about la higher.
Cables report Valencias Cd higher also. Gien
obles show wide range both as to quality and
price,"
The Weather and Crops.
The Treekly report cf A. G. McAdie. section
Erector of the climate and crop service of
the weather bureau, is es fellows
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The temperature continued several degrees
above normal during the first of the week,
but oocler weather prevailed toward the close,
and heavy frosts occurred' in many places Fri
day and Saturday nights. Fogs have prevailed
along the oast and in-the San Joaquin Valley.
Ilain has fallen throughout the central and
northern portions of the State and light show
ers have occurred in portions of the southern
section.
The soil is too wet for cultivation In some
ef the northern coast counties and portions of
the Pacramento Valley, but in other sections
plowing ar.d seeding are progressing. Ran
lr needed in the greater part of th» San Joaquin
Valley and in Southern California. Early grain
continues in good condition and Js making
rapid growth. Green feed is abundant and of
food quality. New grass has not yet b»en In
jured by frost. Stock ie reported in prime con
dition In ail sections. Irrigation water is
plentiful.
The long period of abnormally warm weather
caused a premature buddinz of fruit trees In
STne sections and th<? cooler wnXhtr ' s re- I
yarded as beneficial for trees and vines. There \
Ere no reports of damsye by frost, except to
tender garden \-esetableV. Oranges are ma
turing rapl<5iy in Southern California and pick-
In; is progrrrsing ; the yield will be heavy in
6' me sections.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.— Warm weather
continued during the first of the week, fol
lowed by cooler tow.-.rd the close, with heavy
frosts in some localities. Rain has fallen In
ell rarts of the valley. Farm work rrogres»e-i I
clowly. owir.5 to the heavy condition of the ,
roil. Plowing and seeding will b- resumed I
as poon as weather permits. Grain Is making j
Fplenciid crovrth and prospects are eood for i
large crops. Green feed is good and abundant
in all sections. Stock 1r in . prime condition.
There are rejKjrts of premature budding of I
fruit trees Sn some localities. No damage by
frost lias been reported. Orange and olive
BUTimentg continue.
* COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.— The weather
ras been renerally cloudy or 'foggy most of
the week and considerably cooler at the close
*Hh heavy frosts in some sections. The rain
fall has been heavy In the central and northern
districts, retarding farm work to Rome extent
and light fhowers have fallen in the southern
counties. Plowing and seeding are progressing
•wherever possible. Early ETain Is making
rapid growth ar.d green feed Is abundant.
Ftock is in excellent condition. The frosts
rave caused no damage, except possibly to
tender vegetation. Orchards and vineyards are
in pood condition: trr* pruning continues-
SAN JOAQON VALLEY.-Coolcr weather
ri* prevailed throughout the valley during the
%vcok and heavy fronts occurred in some e«c- !
Hons Friday and Saturday nights. Heavy fog*
Fr.d dews have prevailed In many place's and
ll**rt rain has fallen in nearly all parts of the '
valley. In sor.e localities the soil is still too
<5ry for plowing, but In others plowing %nd ;
needing are proKrersing satisfactorily. Early
prain continues in good condition. Green feed
la plentiful and stock i s doing welL The frost
caused no damage except to garden vegetables
The orange season at Reedlcy has closed; the
J-J«>ld wan fair snd duality excellent.
SOUTHERN* CALIFORNIA.— The weather
*ias been generally clear and cool, with fogs
along the cotapt. Light sprinkles of rain has
fallen in some localities, but they were of very
little benefit ta .farmers. Light frosts have
«TCcurred in forr» Beet Ions; no damage has been
reported. Plowing and seeding are progressing
elowly end rain is needed to soften the eotl
before thin work can be' completed. Early
praln Is in eood condition, but needs rain.
Pasturage continues cood -in most places.
Oranges are' in excellent condition and will
yield a heavy crop in some places. Orange
j>Jcking Is in progress near Anaheim. .
EUKEKA SUMMARY. — Rain has fallen
* nearly every dsy during, the past. week. The
toll is too wet for farm work; the rivers are
tlf-insr slowly.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Seeding Js be
ing retarded on account of dry weather. Rain
p needed for grain and fe«d. Orchards are be
fnsr Irritated. Orange shipments Are active,
dlx-e harvest' Is on; a ( large portion of the crop
will be made into oi'. .
Weather Report.
r <120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 10 — 5 p.m.
. *rhe ( following are the seasonal rainfalls to
tale, as compared with' those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
. . . . ■. Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 14 K..0T 15.41
Red Bluff 00 5.08 6.74
Sacramento 00 5.9S 0.34
San Francisco 00 5.80 5.85
Fresno 00 2.17 5.10
Independence 00 l.."!4 2.18
San Luis Obispo 00 4.55 n.Ot
Los Angeles 00 2.4« 6.79
San Diego 00 .7<J 1.73
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
51: minimum, 4S; mean, 51.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern- sta
tioriE:
Boston. 54-42: Cincinnati. 3S-30: Washing
ton. 58-42; Jacksonville, 72-44; Kansas Citv,
4G-.!0; New York. 54-40; Omaha, 46-28; Duluth,
i-C-22; Salt Lake City. 44-32; Chicago, 34-26;
St. Louis, 32-30; Philadelphia, 5S-46. !
THE COAST RECORD.
% *Vt -'■53 £5" . B »
o . it x n — "J ■•'? ■ n
STATIONS. 3 £2|3^= S f
? I 3 \* ■"•'- I .1
Astoria 30.14 40 40 NE Clear .18
naker...; .50.14 3i 1« XW Cloudy .00
Carson 25). US 44 36 N Cloudy T.
Kureka ."0.06 50 42 SW Clear .14
Fresno 30.00 4(i 3S NW Pt.Cldy .00
Flagstatf 2^.96 44 22 W Cloudy .00 '
Pocatel'o. Ida. 30. 02 30 28 NW Cloudy .00
Independence.. 2!>.<>4 54 2S- >'E Pt.Cldy .00 '
Los Angeles... 29. K8 04 40 SW Pt.Cldy .00 !
Phoenix 29.84 60 40 N Cloudy .00 !
Portland 30.14 44 40 NW Clear .IS
Red Bluff SO. 00 54 40 SW Clear .00
Roseburg 30.O8 42 3(» NW Pt.Cldy .10
Sacramento... 30. 02 fit 40 SB Clear .00
Salt Lake 23.38 34 32 NW Snow .30
San Franc!sco.30.04 51 48 W Clear .00
S L. Obispo... 29. 9S 64 48 N Pt.Cldy .00
San Diego 2-J.90 C2 r,2 SW Cloudy .00
Seattle 30.20 44 40 N Cloudy .01
Spokane 30. IS 30 30 NE Pt.Cldy .00
?.'eah Bay 30.20 4J- 40 SE Clear .44
Walla Walla. .30.20 30 32 S Clear •
Winnemueca..30.00 32 26 NW Cloudy .04
Yuma 2-J.73 CO 40 E Clear .00
Temperature — 7 a. m., 45.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. - ,"
. The pressure has risen rapidly over the
northwestern portion of the country and has
fallen rapidly over Southeastern California
and Arizona. A marked disturbance overlies
the valley of the Colorado and will probably
pass eastward through Arizona.
The temperature has fallen from 6 to 12 de
grees over nearly all of California. Heavy
frosts are reported at many points, reaching as
far south as Los Angeles.
Sncw is falling in Utah and Nevada and
eastbound travelers by central and southern
routes are warned of unsettled weather and
snow in the mountains.
High T*-inds are reported in Southern Nevada
and Southern Utah.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. December 11 1901-
Northern California— Fair Wednesday, with
\vTd y tT0 * tS ln the mornln K: u Sht northerly
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather, with enow flurries In the mountains
and possibly showers oa the coast: brisk south
erly winds, changing to northerly.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday, with snow flur
ries; fresh northwest wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednes
day: probably frost in the morning; light
northwest wind. ' *
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— There was a dearth
of mvrs In to-day's stock market, except such
as had to do with the personality of the opera
tors and the interests they were supposed to
represent. The well defined movements of the
day embracing the general market were limited
to the upward rush of prices at the opening
and the sudden relapse at the close. During
th» greater part of ths day the market wes
rdUsciEli and irregular Ind traversed its nar
row ranee of urK-es a number of times in a
totally i.n<jcnt:equ€nt and dubious manner. The
owning burst of strength was th« natural
momentum of yesterday's late- strong recov
er}, bclr.tcd traaers rushing to buy but it
soon became manifest that the short interest had
been much reduced by yesterday's hurried cover
ing and there vas no strong disposition mani
fested to extend commitments on the long side
The eccentric course of Amalgamated Copper
threw the . market into renewed confusion
After rising to 72%c there was open sellinp by
ths brokers whose buying . had been a s.rbni?
influence in yesterday's rally in the stock, as
they are credited with usually acting for in
side interests in Amalgamated Copper. The
consequence was that that stock commenced to
eac asain in an irregular way until it had
droppea to C9. The price then worked ite way
upward . with occasional reactions . to a high
level of 74%c, representing a recover^ of over
ten points from Saturday's low level for the
stock. There were some individual points of
strength in the general list, notably in the
Vanderbilts, with large demand for New York
Central 'and a number of less prominent rail
road and industrials, including General Elec
tric Hocking Coal, People's Gas, Consolidated
Ga3 and International Paper preferred. The
tone of the money market was much better
during the day and there s;emeda uufflcient
supply at 5>4@6 per cent, tmt late in the dav
helated borrowers caused a flurry to 8 per cent
by their unrent efforts to cover their wants,
and the stock market made an Immediate res
ponse, the whole, list dropping suddenly to the
lowest of • the day on greatly increased deal
ings. Amalgamated Copper fell back to 69%
and closed with a net loss of about a point
St. Paul and Manhattan fell rapidly, the for
mer deelining 2%. There was no effectual
rally in the market and the closing was heavy
ot about the lowest. The • sterling exchange
market continued depressed and there is not
much likelihood of gold exports .while money
rates hold stiff. The action of the Secretary
of the Treasury in anticipating January inter
est wa3 announced too late to help the market
to-day.
•The railroad bond market was Irregular, but
the price movement tended upward. ■ Total
wales. i»ar value. $4,110,000. '■ United States
bonds were all unchanged on the last call, j
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— , . ; Sales. High. Low. -Close
Atchison .: 29,<i00 77% 76% ■ 7CTfe
Atchison pfd 4,500 100 - 90% 09U
Bait & O. ex R.... 1,200 102% 102% 102&
I Baltimore & O pfd. 100 85 95 94%
i Canadian Pacific. .. 7,400 113',i 112W 112
Canada Southern... 6,200 87%- 85% SO 1 *
Chesapeake & O... 1,800 47 46% lev!
Chicago & Alton... 900 35 34U i±
Chicago & A pfd... 300 77% 77U 774i'
Chicago Ind&'Lr. 500 47 40% "- 4eu
Chicago I & L. pfd. 300 74>i 74W 74
Chicago & Kaet 111. 300 138 •' 137% 13« '
Chicago & Gt W... 1.200 23% 22% 2*»t
Chic&GW A pfd. ...... ...* ..7 ' »5??
Chic &. G W B pfd. 400 45% 43 4«>u
•Chicago & N W... 200 '207% 207%- 205
Chicago R I & P.. 3,000 150%. 14S 148V4
Chicago Trm & T.. ' 300 15% 15% is£
Chicago T & T pfd. COO. 30% ,29*Z 29'2
CCC&StLouli.. 1.100 9S% 08% O7V
Colorado Southern. 300 - 14 14 °- 13XL
Colorado So 1st pfd. 400 56% * 56% 56 £
Colorado So 2d pfd. ; 251^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1901;
Delaware & Hud.. 1.800 171% 171 170
Delaware L, & W. 1,300 243 242 242
Denver & Rio G... 300 43% 43% 43%
Denver & R G pfd. 300 93 '4 9X 92%
Erie 14,400 40% 39% .TO%
Erlelstpfd 3,100 .71% 70?i~ 70ft
Erie 2nd pfd 500 56'^ 56 50
Gt Northern pfd... S00 185 184% lS2<,i
Hocking Valley 400 62% C2 61 Vi
Hocking Val pfd... 400 81% 81 SIM.
Illinois Central 200 138 137% 1SS
Iowa Central 600 38^4 37% 3V&
Iowa Central pfd.. 700 74% 7.1 72 Vi
Lake Erie & West. 500 70 CS : 67^
Lake Erie&W pfd 125
Louisville & Nash. 7.400 106% 105% 105%
Manhattan L 53.400 137% 134% 135%
Metropolitan S Ry. 11,300 161>4 158 15S'*c
Mexican Central... 300 22% 22% 22%
Mexican National.. 300 14 14 13%
Minneapolis & GtL. 4.200 100^ 107% "108
Missouri Pacific... 24,700 105Vi 103ft 103
Missouri IC & T... 500 25% 25 25*4
Missouri K&T pfd. 500 51% 50% 51
New Jersey Cent 178
New York Central. 18.400 167% 1H5VA 1C5U
Norfilk & West... 3.900 57% 50% - 56%
Norfolk & W pfd.. 500 91% i)l% 01 V*
North Ppfd ex dlv. 1,100 90% 99% 09%
Ontario &-West... 2,900 '34% 3.°.% 33%
Pennsylvania 21.000 149% 148 148
Reading 1.200 48% 47% 47%
Reading 1st pfd... 1.000 79% 78% 78%
Reading 2nd pfd... 3.700 58% 57% 57%
6t Louis & S F. .. 1,400 61% 51% 51%
StL&S Fist pfd .... 81
StL&S F2dpM .... 70
St Louie S W...... 400 27% 27% 27%
St Louis S W pfd.. 200 , 59 60 5a
St Paul 37.600 163% 161 161 U
St Paul pfd .... 185
Southern Pacific... 10.100 59% 68% 68V
Southern Railway. . 10.400 . 33 32% 32%
Southern Ry pfd.,. 3,000 92 91% 91%
Texas & Pacific... 800 39% 39 39
Toledo St L & W ....19'
Toledo fitL&W pfd. 200 32% 32% 32
XTnion PaciHc 41.000 101 93% . JW%
Union Pacific pfd.. 2.000 (Si% 88% SS%
Wahash ...V 4.C00 23 21%' 21%
Wabash pfd 6,500 r 42% 41 41%
Wheeling & L E... 100 18% 18% 18
W&LE2dpfd 2.S'/j
Wisconsin Central. 800 2t 20%- 20
Wise Central pfd.. 200 41 41 40
Express Companies —
Adams -.. 1.S0 .
American %... 107
United States...... 100 02 92 88
Wells-Fargo .... 180
. Miscellaneous — ''■-..--•
AmalK Copper 100,300 • 70% CO • .70
Am Car & Foundry 15.400 31'i .10 ' SOW
Am Car & Fdry pfd 1,000 86% S5-& 85%
Amer Linseed Oil.. .;... .... • 17'
Am I.inseed Oil pfd 4C
Am Smeltg & Rff.. S.200 4"»% 43% 44%
Am Smtg & Rf pfd. 400 07% 00 0<t
Anaconda Mln Co. 7.500 32 ■ St 31 Vi
Brooklyn Rap Trst. 0,(00 («% (12 f.2V 4
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1.400 R!>% 89 SS%
Consolidated Gas... 600 21B 21 4% 2U>.'.
General Electric... 1,200 2S4 2S2 2SI
Glucose Sugar .... SO
Hocking Coal 400 16% 16 10
Interns tnl Paper.. 100 21 21 20%
Internat Paper pfd f 00 77% 77% 77%
Tnternationl Power 100 Sft^ S9 SO
Laclede Gas . n.*j
National DIscuit... .100 44 43% 43%
National Lead 300 17 17 16%
National Salt pfd .- 02 -
North American... 1,300 03% 92 92%
Pacific Coast 100 75% 7. r >% 73'
Pacific Mail 7<K> 45% 44% 44%
People's Gas........ 3.200 00% 0S% OSVi
Pressed Steel Car.. 3,700 42 40 Sf>%
Press Steel Car pfd 700 8« 85% 85 '
Pullman Palace Car 200 213 213 210
Republic Steel 700 15% 15% 15«
Republic Steel pfd. -100 fm% mu Cfiu.
Sugar 7.5CO 122% •- Uftx. 120'"
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 500 6,"'i G2 61X4
Union Batr & P Co .. ].t
U B & P Co pfd 74
U S Leather' C00 IIT4 jis; 11%
U S Leather pfd... 200 81% 81% 81%
U S Rubber j 5
V S Rubber pfd... -100 50 '- 50* f,0
U S Ste<>l :. 13,900 42 41% 41%
U S Steel rfd 11.600 fit?; ftiu 9tu
Western Union . 500 !>;% 01%, niVi
Amer Locomotive.. 8,(>00 32V. Si t^ 31%
Am Locomotive pfd 500 89% 88% SS%
Total sales 721.SO0
CLOSIMr: BOXDS.
U S rrf 2s. rpg. .109'- ", & x unified 4s. 103
'-Po 2s, coupon.. 100 Ipx C»nt 4a 82
- Do 3s; rear ,...10S" Do- 1st inc .... 80%
Do 3s. coupon. 108?' I & st L 4s ....1031T
Do new 4s. reg.l.Wi "I. K & T 4s 98
Do new 4s, cp.l39V- Do 2ds ..... 81 K
Do old 4s, reg. 111^ V Y C lsts 106%
Do old 4s, cp..H2U . Do genS%3...110
Do 5s. reg 107% N J C zen 5s I31"i
■Do 5s. coupon. 107U Nor Pac 4s ' 107, '
Atch gpn 4s 102% Do "s ' . . . i^v
Do adj 4s .-... 94 V & W con 4s.. 102%
Bat & Ohio 4s... 102% Road Gen 4s 09 j
I Do 3%s 90% SL i I M con5s.lI6%
Do cQnv 4s 105 St L & S F 4s. 97%
Pan So 2ds . 109 W St Louis & Solets D«'i
: Cpnt of Ga 5s. .. lOT.v; Do 2ds 71) V,
Do 1st inc 75% S A & A Pass 4s. Snv,
Ches & Ohio 4Us.lO7 Po Pac 4s .... fl2',i
Chi & Alton 3%s. S5'4 So Ry 5s 120'*
C. B & Q nw 4s. 97% Tex & Pac lsts.. 118%
C. M & S P xn4s.112 T. St L ft W 4s. SO
i C & N con 7s 130% Union Pac 4s ...10«%
C; R I & Pac4s.lO7 Do conv 4s ...1O'S4
C.C.O & SL gnls.103% Wabash lsts 11!>
rhi Term 4s 89 no 2ds lilVi
Colo & So 4s ...80 Do dpb B 0T,U
O & R G 4s ..la-Hi WeFt Shore 4s'!'.114
Erie prior lien 4s.lOO w & L Erie 4s.. f)t%
Do een 4s 89% WIs Cent 4s 90U
F W & D r lsts. 104% Con Tobacco 4s.. C3
Hock Val 4%s...lO8%.
. MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 12
Alice .' 45 Ontario 8 75
Brunswick Con... 75 Ophlr ............. 68
Breece 14 Phoenix 07
I Com Tunnel 00 »otosi . 02
Con Cal & Va... 1 55 Savage 02
Deadwood Terra.. 1 50 Sierra Nevada 03
Horn Silver 1 J»0 Small Hopes 40
"ron Silver 60 Standard 3 50
Leadville Con ... .06 ; ......
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — . I Westing Com ... 73%
Call loans ......4 @3] Mining-
Time loans 4%@5 Adventure 23
Bonds — Ailouez 4%
Atchison 4s 102 Amal Copper ... 09 1»
Mex Cent 4s 80 Baltic 41'
N E Gas & Coke. 57 Bingham ......... 27%
Railroads— Calumet "& HeclaC43
itchison 76% Centennial ...... 15
Do prefd 00% Copper Range ... 58%
Boston & Albany.257 Dom C<jal 40%
Boston Elev 167 Franklin 15
N Y. N H & H..213% Mohawk ;!7%
Fitchburg prefd.. .143 Old Dom 25
Mex Central 22VS Osceola .......... t9
Miscellaneous — Parrot ......31 '.
Amer Sugar ... ..120U Qulncy 150
Am Tel & Tel-.ltJO Santa Fe Copper. 3%
Dom Iron & S... 23 Tamarack ..275
Gen Electric 282 Trimountaln ....'. 3S
Mass Electric ... 32 Trinity ..15%
Do prefd r 91% United States .... 14%
< E Gas & Coke. 5 Utah .. .. 21
United Fruit ... »8% Victoria 0
U S Steel 43% Winona 2
Do prefd 99% Wolverine 55
London 'Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram, says:
A better feeling dominated the stock market
to-day on the reports of Kitchener's progress
In putting, down the Boer war and ■ on • New
York rumcrs of a. settlement of the copper
fight.^ - ,
American. '.stocks or>ened firm,' 1 but slid back
in the absence of support. Then New York
supported the market, but it remained listless
Rio Tintos moved within narrow limits, at
one time reaching 42%, but closing unchanged
for the day at 41%. Copper was steady at £55
per ton. Rio Tintos . officials refuse 'to talk
about ths reduction of the output.
New York . Money Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— Money on call, firm,
at 5%@8 per cent; ; last loan, 6 per cent; ruling
rate, 6 per cent." Prime mercantile paper,. 4 V.
@5 per cent. Sterling exchange was heavy
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 86%
for demand and $4 83% for sixty days. Post
ed rates $4 84% @4 85 and $4 88. - Commercial
bills. . $4 83@4 84. Bar silver, 54%c. Mexican
dollars, 43% c
Bonds— Governments, steady; States, ' weak
railroads. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balance ' shows : Avail
able cash balance, $171,234,498; gold. $113
734,039. . '■•■■•,-•
New York Grain and Produce
■ NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
45,345 barrels; exports,. 12,697 barrels; bales,
11,400 /packages; unchanged, but ; easier iii
tone.' ■ . • • . . .., • . ■ • \ ■ ;
WHEAT — Receipts, ,150,750 bushels; ex
ports.' 54,974; bushels; F&Ies, 33,965,000 bush
els futures; 40,000 bushels spot.' ' Spot - was
easier. No. 2 red, 88%c.f. o. b.r afloat; No 2
red, 86c elevators No. 1 Northern Duluth, 87c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 94%c f.o.b
afloat. . Options -, experienced a. weak day; from
unusually free ' unloading, bearish • cables in
face of Monday's late strength here, . and - larger
.Northwest • receipts. ■■■ ■ Short - selling was also
more 'aggressive. ' Wall street and foreign
houses offered .wheat; and; export trade was
light." The close was weak and 1%@1VjC lower
March, closed 87%c; May. 86%@
88c, closed 86%c; December, 84%@85}ic,
closed 8494c \
HOPS— Quiet. ' ' : - - ■■''''-■'■■ -'■■.■':
HIDES^Steady. '■'■■
WOOL— Quiet. .•
Futures closed barely steady and
5@10 points net lower. Total sales, 18,000
bas3, ■ including: ' ■ February.' $6 60; March,
$6 70@6 80; May, $6 90@6 95; July, $7 10;
September. $7 30@7 35- October, $7 35.
Spot Rio quiet. No. 7 invoice. 6%c: mild
quiet. Cordova, 7i&@llc.
SUGAR— Raw steady. Fair refining, 3 5-02c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar,
3 3-32c. .- Refined steady.'
BUTTER — Receipts. 6600 packages. Steady;
State dairy, 15@25i,4c; creamery, 16@25'/4c;
June creamery. 18@22c: factory. 12%@15c.
EGGS — Receipts. 9800. Quiet; Western, at
mark, 2Sc. ■ .
. DRIED FRUITS. •
The market for. evaporated apples ruled quiet
to-day, but was about steady. State, com
mon to good, 6@8 14 c: prime. 9@9 Vic; choice,
»H@9%c; fancy. 10@10^c. • - , .
California Dried Fruits were quiet.
PRUNES— 3% @7c
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 9Yi
@13c. . .,
PEACHES — Peeled, 12@19c; unpeeled, 7@
10^c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. 10. — Extreme nervousness
and wild fluctuations characterized the grain
markets , here to-day. Wheat ruled the board
end in the fight between existing facts and
the> enthusiasm,' over uncertain futures was
badly pressed for losses. At the very start
bearish conditions piled up in an imposing
array. - Cables were weak in spite of strong
English country markets. The Northwestern
receipts,' which hihterto have shown a marked
tendency to fall oil. Increased heavily. Weath
er reports on all hands stated that the winter
crop was doing well. Both professionals and
small fry began to unload their lines and many
traders went short.' May opened Jaggedly, %"@
%c to l%<gil%c lower at 83c to 81%c. The
trade was enormous. . offerings being large.
But such low prices after yesterday's high
level tempted buyers again. Many commis
sion houses put buying orders in the pit os
tensibly from New York and St. Louis. There
was ■ a rumor . current that a combination of
capitalists at Louisville : were . trying to cor
ner-wheat and that buying • was for them.
With a whoop prices started up again, reach
ing S3V4.C, only to sag again to 82Vic. It was
boosted to 83 We again, but this time the flood
of selling orders and the quantity of long
wheat that poured into the market was ap
palling, and the weakening slump came. May
sold down in quick jumps to 81%," closing
weak, l%c down at 81%@Sl%c.<' .
Corn wa.s only moderately active and heavy
all session. : It followed wheat throughout.
May closed l%c down at 07%c.
Oats followed wheat and corn. May closed
%c down at 4tt%c. ' .
Provisions opened easy, but before noon
everything was above yesterday's prices un
der, the Influence of commission buying. The
close was somewhat easy and irregular, Janu
ary pork cloEed 10c down, lard 2%c up and
ribs 2%c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows;
Articles — Open. High. ' Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
December .....: 77^4 79 77% 77='i
May -81»i fiiM Sl*4 81T£
July 82% 83 81 'A 81%
Corn No. 2 — " *
Decemcer C4 64% 64 04%/
May ....".....».. 08 <!S% <;"% 67W
July ........ T.. 67% 08 C7% 67%
Oats No. ' 2 —
December ...... 45% 45% 44% 45
May 415% 4«>/4 "45-ft 4t5%
July 40% 41 40% 40%
Mess Pork, per bb! —
January .......17 00 17 00 10 80 10 SO
May... 17 I'D 17 45 17 20 17 22%
Lard, per 100 lbs — ' ,
January ... 9 SO 9 05 9 SO OSiij
May.." 9 85 10 00 !> S5 9 92%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— .
January 8 50 8 00 8 T.O 8 52%
May .....8C5 8 77% 8 C5 807%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 sprins wheat, 7S@7S : V,c; No, 2
red. SlMifi'MVjC: No. 2 oats. 47@iSc: No. 2
white, 48%4MDc; No. 3 white, 48Vi®49c; No. -'
rye. «3%fffi4c: fair to choice malting barley,
SO^Goc; "No. 1-flaxseed, $14-1;. No. 1 North
western. $144: prime timothy seed. $6 15(9>
fi 35; mf-ss r>oik. per bbl. $15 75@1". SO: lard,
per 100 lbs, $9 70@0 90; ihort ribs sides (lo;s?).
SS 4P@S 00: dry tatted shoulders (boxed). 7V,
«?7 J ftc; Fhort clear sides (boxed). $S 00@0;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 32; clover, con
tract crade, $9 35. .
Articles— " Receipts. Shipments.
Fl->ur. barrels 4(1.000 3-1,000
Wheat, bushels 213,000 3H.000
Corn, bushels 231.000 70.000
O<Us, tushels 201.000 1SS.000
Rye. bushels 10,000 3.000
Bailey, bushels .205,000 .25,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm: . creams, 14ft?2H4c; dairies,
i:;@20c. Chets-?, steady; 9V4@10VtC. - Eggs,
firm: fresh, 2-l@24Vic.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — . . March. . Mav.
Opening . . - <> -% 6 3%
Closins 0 2% C 3ii j
PARIS.
Wheat — . Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening... ....22 40 2-t 10
Closing ...22 40 23 15
Flour— .
Opening 27 S5 29 20
Closing 27 90 23 '-5
v Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Dec. f0.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications to Bradstreefs
show the following changes . ln . available sup
plies from the last account:
■ Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, Increased 5.330.000 bushles: afloat
for and in Europe, decrease 2,100,000 bushels.
Total supply increased 3.202,000 bushels.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 750.CC0 bushels.
Oats — United. States -and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 312,000 bushels.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10. — Home and foreign
metal markets were easy to-day, with the'ex
ception of copper, which was 2s Cd higher in
London, that market closing with spot quoted
at £E5 2s (5d and futures at £55. The New
York market is still more or less unsettled and
It is quite impossible to name accurate prices.
Therefore, the quoted values should be looked
upon as being more or less nominal. Lake
Copper is quoted at $16 500)17. electrolytic at
$10 37V 2 @1« <i2J/jiand casting at $l«. Pig. tin
was quiet at home and abroad, with a dip of
£1 In London; prices . which carried 'quoted
values there down to £112 2s 6d for spot and
£105 Ks for futures. An unsettled market
was rnjorted here, with spot quoted at
-$25 S7'L.. . ■-.■-'_ .* I
Lead remained quiet here and unchanged at
London at Is 3d lower, closing at £10 15s.
Spelter was nominal here ai. yesterday's ad
vance at $4 45. Ijondon was 2s lid lower at
£10 f.s. •
Iron was dull in the New York market.
Glasgow was 2d lower, closinsr at 5Cs N 0d and
Middlesboro closed VM higher at 48s 3d.
Plsiron warrants were quoted at $10 50®
11 50; No. 1 foundry. $15 CiO@lS: No. 2 foun
dry. Southern. $14 50®! 5 50; No. 1 foundry.
Southern, $15 50@16; No. 1 foundry, Southern/
soft, $15@17. .
. New York Cotton .
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— The cotton market
cpened firm at an advance of 3 to 7 points on
good foreign l buying. The close was barely
steady, 6 . to 10 points lower.' :
. Eastern Livestock -._
. CHICAGO, Dec. - 10. — CATTLE — ' Receipts,
SOCO. Steady. Good to prime, $6 4C@6 50; poor
to medium. $4@6 25; stockers and feeders, $2 25
m 50; cows, $1 75@4 50; heifers,, $2 25@5 30;
cariners, $1 25@2 25; bulls, $2@4 75; . calves,
$2 50@3 75 : Texas ' fed . steers, $4 75@5 40.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 60,000; to-morrow,
50.000 estimated; left over,- 7000. Active, 5o
higher • for heavy ; slow for light. •■; Mixed and
butchers, $5 90ffiC 42% good to ' choice heavy.
$6@6 55; rough heavy, $5 tf0(S5 00; light, $5 25®
5 95: bulk of sales, $5 95@6 35. . ";
SHEEP — Receipts,, 20,000. . Weak to 10c low
er. Lambs, steady. - Good - to 1 choice wethers,
$:{ 25@4 25; fair to choice mixed. $2 75@3 40;
Western sheep, $3ffl4; native lambs, $2 50@5;
Western lambs, §2(@'4 10. . ' ,
' ' ST. JOSEPH.' '
•ST. JOSEPH. Dec. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2800. Natives. $3 60<R)7 25; cows and • heifers.
$1 25i§5 50:- veals, $2 50@."» 25: bulls and stags.
$2@5; stockers and feeders, $2©4 35. ■
HOGS— Receipts, 10,2000; market strong to 5c
higher. Light and light mixed, $5 95(5)6 55;
medium and heavy, $6 25@6 72V£; pigs, $3 50
@5. •---.'■■: -. . /..
SHEEP— Receipts, 400; market strong to 10c
higher. - . '•.- >
. Northern WJicat Market.
,- OREGON. - . ' . -."• . ■•
PORTLAND, Dec. 10.— WHEAT— Easier.
Some heavy sales ; were : made to-day at 62c for
Walla Walla. .< • .. ■ ' •.
Cleared — Norwegian ' steamer '.*■ Guernsey, for
Yokohama, with 7220 barrels of flour.
;r.» r ' •'-,-,'- WASHINGTON. -
. TACOMA.-Dec. 10.— WHEAT— There was a
slump In' wheat to-day and prices were l%c
lower; bluestem, 61c;; club, eO'/^c- ■'•-_'■' .; T
Foreign Markets. .
» LONDON, Dec. 10.— Consols, 92 7-10.' Silver.
25%d. . French rentes, lOlf . 42^c©101f 37%c.
Cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes
No. 1 Standard California.' 30s 6d; cargoes
Walla Walla, 29s 9d; English country markets,
firm.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 10.— WHEAT— Firm ; No.
1 Standard California, 6s 3d@6s 3%d; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour, in Paris, steady; French
country markets, ■ quiet; Weather in England,
fine, but cold. .
COTTON^-Uplands, 4 19-32d.
London Wool Sales.
.' LONDON, g Dec. j 10.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day; numbered 10.890
bales,"" mainly medium grades. Queensland.
Victoria and. New Zealand scoured were in
good demand and were taken by home,
French and German buyers.
' Portland's: Business.
PORTLAND. Dec. 10. — Clearings. $545,670;
balances, $149,579.-
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days..... — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight.. . 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 02%
Now York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Silver, per ounce ' — S 54%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 44% @ 44%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The . charter of the
British bark Muskoka at 3Cs 3d leaves the har
bor wholly bare of disengaged tonnage, and
fixes the quotation. '.. The chartered ' wheat fleet
In port has . a registered tonnage . of 60,714,
against E0.900 tons on the same date last year;
disengaged, tons, against 9570; on the way
to this port, 104,140 tons.-asalnst 117,100. »
WHEAT — There was less firmness abroad,
though there was no decline. The English re
fuse to accept the American advance. - Broom
hall cabled that the average weekly European
consumption of foreign wheat for the past four
months has been 9,000,000 bushels,- against
7,000,000 last year. The Continent Is evidently
waking up to the situation, for Antwerp was
bidding for wheat at Philadelphia at an ad
vance, of 2%c. Bradstreet's gave the world's
stocks as follows: East of the Rockies, an in
crease of 5.392.00Q; Europe and afloat, a de
crease of 2,100,000; net increase, 3,292,000 bush
els. : ■
Chicago was unsettled and lower on the day,
declining frqm 83%c to 81%c, owing to the for
eign cables and heavy receipts in the Northwest.
The market was very active and the leaders
bought. - The South also bought freely and
New York was a heavy purchaser en the break.
Linn and Cudahy were very aggressive on the
bear side. • • .
This market was lower, both on and off
call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 02%@>l 02%; mill-
Ing, $1 OG%@1 07% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 0:15 o'clock — May — 20,000
ctla, $1 08%; 4000, ?1 0S%; 20C0, $1 08%; 8000,
?1 08%.
Second Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 09; 24,000,
$1 09% ; 4000. $1 00% ; 10,000, $1 09% ; 2000,
$109}s. --■,. .
Regular Morning Session— May — 2000 ctls,
51 0S>.4; 10,000, $1 08%; 16,000, $1 08%. ■
Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctls, $108%;
21.000. $1 08%.
BARLEY — The market sympathized with
weaker Wheat and was less firm, though prices
were maintained. The demand was lighter.
Feed, 7891 @S0c for choice bright, 77 %c for
No. 1 and 72'/4@75c for off grades; brewing and
shipping grades, 82%@&3c; "Chevalier, ' 80c@?l
per cental.
CALL -BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sale3.
Regular morning Session— May— 8000 ctls,
80%c; SOCO, SOi^c. December — 2000, 78c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS-r-The market rules very firm and buy
ers have to pay full figures or go without the
goods. Offerings are not as liberal as they
were a fortnight ago.
Grays. $1 12%@1 20 for feed and $1200125
for seed; whites. $1 15@1 30; Surprise. $1 30@
1 35: black, 95c@$l 07V> for feed and $1 15@
$122% for Reed; red, $1 12%@1 20 per ctl for
feed and $1 20@l 30 for seed.
CORN— Chicago declined from CS%c to 67%c.
There was more disposition to take profits, and
the buying fever was checkeQ by large receipts.
Farly in the day there was a rush to sell until
the market broke, when the shorts bought.
This, maiket continued dull. Dealers say that
they are not selling anything. Large yellow,
$137%©142%; small round do, $137%@142%;
white. $1 35©1 42% per ct.
• RYE — Is in very fair demand and higher at
75f(i 80c - t>er ctl.- „ ,. ' ■ .
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 Coper ctl.
Flour and . Millstu ffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $3 2u<S$
3 50, .usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15^3 25;
Oregon. $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 755I.'> for Bakers'; Washington' Bakers"
$2 75S3. -. , ■
M1LLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; Graham
Flour. $3 per 1C0 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal. $2 CO; Kice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $"} 25;
extra cream do, $1; Oat Groats, $5: Hominy.
$-i(S4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4fg-t 25: Cracked
Wheat. S3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, S3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $0 85(5
8 35; jn sacks. $ii 50<!TS; Pearl Barley. $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $0 50 per 100 lbs.
Hav and-Fccdstiiffs.
Cracked Corn and Corn" Meal are lower.
Bran and Middlings are steady and un
changed. | The Hay market runs along about
the same, being steady or weak, 'according to
the volume of the dally receipts. Prices have
not changed for some time. "<
BRAN— $15 50&16 B0 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17fiJ19 per ton. t"v
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $16(917 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, S27028; Job
bing. $28 50629: Cocoanut Cake. $20@21: Corn
Meal. $31031 50: Cracked Corn, $31 50@32;
Mixed Feed. $1G@17.
HAY— Wheat. $0<i?>1t; fancy, . $11 50@12;
Wheat and Oat. $SS11 : Oat. $7@10; - Barley
and Oat. $7<ft9: Alfalfa, $8<g9 50; Clover, $6@7;
Volunteer, $5 50(i?8; Stock. $5@7 per ton. ~
STRAW--30@47» / ic per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans remain about the same. There are
no ehippins orders of any consequence and the
local demand is light. Receipts are much lesa
than they were several weeks ago. There is
nothing new in Seeds. . "•
BRANS — Bayos. $2 30®2 40: Smalt White.
$2 M®3 15; Large White. $2 S0.®:5; Pea, $3 30
®i; Pink, $1 S0P2-10; Red. $2~50@3; Black
eye. S3 50#i3 70; LImas, ?4 25@-l 50; Red Kid
neys. $3 TiOtfii per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard. $.",@3 15; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 65#3 25; Ca
nary. 3i/i@3%c for EaEtern: ■• Alfalfa, from
Utah. 814c: Rape, Hi«?l%c; Hemp, .IVic per ib.
DRIE^D PEAS— Niles. $1 00@2; Green, ?1 75
@2 25 per ctl. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
. Potatoes continue steady under the heavy
speculative purchases, on the River already
mentioned. : . . .
■ Onions are quoted at a slight advance again.
Stocks are light everywhere. . -o
POTATOES— SOc@$l 05 for Burbanks from
the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 30,tJil 60r Ore
gon Burbanks. $115@1 50; River Reds, $1 40®
1 55; Sweets, 35@40c for Rivers and 90c@$l far
Merced. ■■ ' . ■ ■
ONIONS— ?1 50@2 10 per ctl; Oregons, fjl 5)0
@2 10. .
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, from Los An
geles.. 3@7c; String Beans form Los Angeles,
6@>7c; Limas, 2®Cc; Cabbage, 40@50c . per ctl;
Tomatoes. 25@85c: Los- Angeles Tomatoes. 75c
@$1; Dried Peppers, 10@15c per lb; Okra, 12%c
per lb; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Cucumbers,
40@05c; Pickles, 2%@3c per lb for small and
l@l%c for large; Garlic, l 1 A@2%c; Green Pep
pers, 40@5Cc per box for Chili and 50@65c for
Bell; Egg Plant from Los Angeles.. 8@12%c
per lb; Summer Squash - from Los Angelet,
$1 25; Marrowfat Squash, $S«$10 per ton; Hub
bard Squash, $S@10; Mushrooms, 5@12'4c per
pound.', ■■■,■*■:•;:■-■ '
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry came in, making
five thus far this week.: The market. is, in fair
condition, • the , demand being average, except
for Hens and old Roosters, which are in light
request. - Turkeys also sold lower.
Game was easier under receipts of 125 sacks,
though prices showed little change.
* POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. . 15@lS.c: Live
Turkeys. 14@15c for. Gobblers and 13@14c for
Hens: Geese, ■ per pair. $1 50@l -75; Goslings,
$1 75@2; Ducks, $3 50@4 for old and $4 50®
5 50 . for young; -Hens, ,<$o 50@4 50; young
Roosters. $4@5; old ' Roosters. $3 50@4 50;
Fryers, $4(S4 50; Broilers, $3 50®4 - for large
and"$3@>3 50 \ for : small: j Pigeons,. $1 25 per
dozen for old and- $1 75SJ2 for ■ Squabs, 'i
GAM12 — Doves, per "dozen, 75c@$l; -Hare,
$125; Rabbits. $150 for • Cottontails and $1
for Brush; Mallard, $3@3 CO; Canvasback, $2®
3 50;; '.Sprig,' $2@2 50; Teal, $1 50;. Widgeon,
$1 50; Small Ducks, $1 25@1 50; Black-jack,
$1 50; English Snipe, 1 $2; jack Snipe,. $1 50;
Gray Geese, $3 50; White Geese. $1 50j, Brant,
$1 50®2 per , dozen ; Honkers. §3@4 50. - "
Butter, Cheese and Eggs. t
The whole Butter. market Is overstocked and
weak ' and .= held - goods : are ; lower, with large
supplies ', j'et - to I be .worked off. Buyers can
purchase keg .goods much lower than a fort
night ' ago . and some ; sales . even under the re
duced quotations are . reported.
Cheese continues weak under, liberal stocks
Eggs . are unsettled. Some dealers quote • a
steady and • others a - weak market. Actual
sales, however, show lower prices, as will b«
seen by the quotations. There are plenty of
Eggs on the market and some dealers report
an accumulation.
Receipts "were 22,900 pounds of Butter, — —
pounds of Eastern Butter. 427 cases of Eggs.
60 cases of Eastern Eggs, 10,600 pounds of
California Cheese and 400 pounds of Eastern
Cheese. . i*-*^*^
BUTTER — Creamery, 22@24c per Ib for fancy
and 19@21c for seconds; dairy, 17%@20c; store
Eutter, 14@17c per lb; Creamery Tub. 20c;
Pickled Roll, 18@19c; Keg, 16@18c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 12c; old, aO^@ll%c; Young
America, 13c per lb: Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS — Ranch. S2@33c for selected large.
30@32c for . good to choice and 27%@29c for
fair: store. 24$£26c per dozen; cold storage.
20@25c; Eastern, 20@2Gc.
Deciduous and Citr\ts Fruits.
The Orange market Is glutted. Large-sized
Navels are particularly weak and selling rela
tively lower than the small sizes. Lemons are
slow. Limes are unchanged.
The Banana market Is also overstocked. The
Australian steamer brought up 6622 bunches
from the Islands. The market is weak.
Apples and Pears show little change.
Quinces are nearly gone.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPDES— $1 60@2 per box for extra. 75c®
$1 25 for good to choice and 35@65c for ordin
ary; Lady Apples, $1 25@1 75:
POMEGRANATES— $1 25 per box. . .>'-.
PEARS— Winter kinds, $1@2 per box.
QUINCES— 40@60c per box.
PERSIMMONS — 25@75c per box. ""-•■>" : ~,
STRAWBERRIES — $9@11- per chest for
Longworths and $2@3 for largo berries. -::-
BLACKBERRIES— 18 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per chest. 1 't'"'
CRANBERRIES— Eastern. ' $10011 per bar
rel; Coos Bay. $2 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, . $1©1 23
for standards, $1 60@l 75 for choice and $2 for
fancy; Seedlings 75cQ$l 25; Tangerines, $1®
1 25; Japanese Mandarins, ?1@1 75; Lemons,
26cig Jl 60 for common and |2®2 50 for good
to choice; Grape Fruit, |1@2 60; Mexican
Limes, $3 60@4; Bananas. II 73@2 60 per
bunch for New Orleans and $101 60 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $3©4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
N Prices show no change of any consequence.
Prunes continue firm and moving off freely,
and evaporated Apples and pitted Plums ara
also strong. Apricots are dull. There is a fair
demand for Peaches and Pears. This Raisin
market Is unsettled, owing to the struggle for
the control. of supplies at Fresno, but the un
dertone of the market Is firm. Nuts and
Honey show no new features.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7©8%c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 7@8%c; sun-dried. 3Vi@4%c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears, 4@8c; Plums, pitted.
4%@6c; unpitted. l@2c; Nectarines, 5@5%c for
red and 5%@0%c'for white; Figs, 3@3%c for
black.
PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's. 5%@5%c; 40-50's. 4%@5c; 60-60*8, 4%
@4%c; 60-70*8, 3«i@4c; 70-80*s. 3 1 / 4®3%c;
80-00's. 2%@3c; 00-100's. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — (Price per 20-lb box>: Clusters^ —
Imperial. $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fandy. $175; 4
crown, $1 60; London . Layers — Three-crown,
$1 20; two-crown, $1 10. Price per lb; Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown,. ; three
crown, — —: two-crown. ; Seedless Musca
tels, ; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c: Thompson
Seedless. «V£c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, 8%c;
choice, 7Vic;- standard, 6%c; prime. 6%c: un
b'.eached Sultanas. 5c. Bleached Thompson's^ —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c; stand
ard. 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded, ;
choice seeded, . ■ ■
NUTS — Chestnuts. 10<§12%ct Walnuts. No. 1
softshell. O'^c; No. 2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshell. 9c;
No.- 2. 7c; Almonds, llffS12c for papershell, 9
@10c for softshell and 6©7c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c;
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5. . ■ '
HONEY— -Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10®
ll%.c for light amber; water white extracted,
5@6c: light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per Ib.
Provisions.
Chicago . was unsettled and Irregular. This
market was firm enough at the advance made
Monday, but trade Is not especially active,
either for shipping or local account. Stocks
of 'Lard. are lighter than those of the other
cured meats, though there is no accumulation
ln any description. \ . . •
CURED • MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. 12%c for light medium, 13%c for light,
J4*4c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c: California
Hams, 12^c; Mess Beef, ?10@10 50 per barrel;
extra Mess, $11@11 50; Family, *12©12 50;
prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear, $22 50@23;
Mess. $18 50@19; Smoked Beef, 13%@14c per
pound. . : . -
LARD — Tiercel, quoted at 8 %c- per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure; half barrels,
pure. ll-Kc; 10-lb tins. 12*4c; .5-lb tins. 12%c;
S-lb tins. 121,6c . . - .
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. I0#c; three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce. f>v»c; two tierces,
9%c; five 'tierces, 0%c per lb.-
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
The local trade report a very fair movement
in Wool; which keeps the market well cleaned
up. Prices stand about the same. -
Hides are quieter, both here and in the East.
The Hop market la ln fair shape, if it can be
judged by the following statement- from Ore
gon: "The Oregon Hop. crop Is now placed
definitely at 02,000 bales, of which about 43,000
bales have already been shipped, leaving 10,000
or 11,000 bales in the hands of speculators and
about 8000 in the hands of growers. On Friday
forty-five carloads were shipped overland from
Portland, the largest shipment ever made.
Twenty-eight ' hundred bales are destined to
London, consigned to the Oregon Hop Growers*
Association, which advanced growers 9 cents.
The rest of the shipment Is for the East."
HIDES AND SKINS— CulU and brands sell
about l*4c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; 'light. 9%c; Cow
Hides, 0>4c for heavy and 9®9%c for light:
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal. 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16"^c; Culls. 14c?
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands,
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c each; short
Wool. 40@60c each; medium. 60«?S5c; long
Wool. 80c@$l 10 "each: Horse Hides, salt.
$2 50<g2 75 for large and $2(^2 25 for medium.
$1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 23@1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, S">c: fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Gcat skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth. 50c;: medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, Cc per lb; No % 2,
4i^@5c; grease. 3c.
WOOL — Spring. 1900 to 1901 — Southern, de
fective. 7 months. -7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine,
13@15c: do. medium and coarse. ll©13c; Ore
gon. Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do. fair to good,
9@llc; Nevada. 10@12c.
Fall — San • Joaquin, 6%@SV.c; San Joaquin
Lambs'. 7V4@9c; Middle County, 8@10c: North
ern Mountain, free. 9@10c; do, defective, 8@9c
per Ib. .
HOPS — 0@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. '
San Francisco Meat Market.
Beef has again . advanced. There' are more
cows than steers offering, as usual at this sea
son, but supplies of both are light. Mutton la
also higher. Veal and Lamb remain about the
same. . Hogs are in ample supply at previous
prices. . •
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and 6®6%c per lb
for Cows. ■ . .
VEAL— Large, 7@8%c; small, 8@0c per lb.
k MUTTON— Wethers, .7%@Sc; Ewes, 7c per lb.
\ LAMB— S<g9c per lb. • '-'■
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs, 5%c;
under 150 lbs, 5%@5%c: sows, 20 per cent off.
boars 30 per cent off and stags 40 per .cent off
from the above quotations; dressed Hogs, 7%
©3?4C. . •; . , .
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c; lo
cal make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%®Sc.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners quote as follows, in 2%-lb tins: Ap
ples, $1 05@l 45; Apricots, $1@1 50; Peaches
yellow. $1 20@l 65; do. Lemon Cling, $130®
1 75; Bartlett Pears, $1 25@1 75; Plums, 00c<3>
$1 25; Nectarines. $1®1 50: Muscat Grapes, 95c
@1 35; Quinces, $1 10® 1 55; Strawberries, *1 30
@1 75; Blackberries, $1 30@l 60.
. COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; SeatUe, $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $8 50; Co-operative Walls
end, $8 50; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15-
Cannel, $11 per ton;. Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 ln sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions
$8 45 per 2C00 lbs and JS 50 per ton, according
to brand.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. 16c per Ib'
Sisal size, 11 %c; Bale Rope, ll@ll%c; Duplex'
10%. Terms, 60 days, or l%c per cent cash dis
count. Lota of 10.000 lbs. 1c leas.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb 4c
cases. Regular, 4%c; cases. Extra Large Un
cases, Eastern Style, 6c; Boneless, 5%c; "Nor
way," 5*iic; "Narrow Gauge," .. 6c; "Silver
King." 7c: Blocks. "Oriental, *' 6c: BlockV
"Scabrlght." 6%c: Tablets, 7c; Middles V£G>
7'Ac; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless. 9c; 2-lb boiea
Fancy Boneless. 7%®8c; Desiccated, per dozen'
75c; Pickled Cod,, barrels, each. $7^Pickled
Cod, half-barrels, each. $4. ' ICKIed
COFFEE-Costa Rica-13%@14c nominal for
strictly prime fancy washed; 11%®12% C nom
inal for prime washed : 10%@li c nominal T.
good washed; 10%#12%c for good to prime
washed peaberry; O%@lO^c for fair to priSe
peaberry; 10<reilc for good to prime- 8*Afi0i/n
for fair; 7@7%c for common to ordinary *
Salvador— 12%®13c nominal for stxictiv nrtm
washed; 10%@12c nominal for good to S"
washed; 9@10c nominal for fair washed- lolfft
ll%c; nominal for good to prime Waited t£P
berry; 9%@10%c . nominal for good tn n^'
semi-washed; 9%@9%c nominal for suplr^r
unwashed; »c for good green unwashed-^«9Vc
for good to superior unwashed peaberry- 6 ®7c
for common to ordinary. ' ' w «' c
Nicaragua-12@15c nominal for prime " to
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
£a% ■■■ at £■*
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. XXt Blxta St..
WEDNESDAY, Dec. 11, at 11 a. ra.
By order of the Southern Dramatic Company
I will sell all of the rolling stock of ths above
company, consisting of 1 pair of aorrell hone*
6 and 7 years old, weight 2800 pounds, X pair of
bay horses S and 9 years void, flne> style, welsh
2300 pounds; 1 pair of black horses 6 and S
years old. weigh 260O pounds; 2 brown horses.
good drivers; also 1 large baggage wagon, 1
passenger wagon with 4 seats; also 1 surrey;
also harness for the same; also 20 head of all
purpose horses. This la a rare chance for any
one to get young sound horses for their own
price; stock now -at stables.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Livestock Auctioneer.
fancy washed; 9%®llc nominal for fair to
strictly good washed; 8%@9#c nominal for
good to superior unwashed; 9<^9^c nominal for
good to superior unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 12i4@15%e for
prime to fancy washed: ll@ll%c for strictly
good washed; 10%@10%c for good washed: 5)^
@10c for fair washed; 8@Oc for medium: «07%o
for lnefrlor to ordinary; 10%@12c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9%@10c nominal tor
good to prime unwashed peaberry; 9@9-%c nom
inal for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 29@32e: extr»
heavy, 30@40c per Ib; medium. 27®29c: light.
24@26c: Rough Leather. 28<82Sc; Harness*
Leather, heavy, 33®39c for No. 1 and S0©33o
for No. 2: medium, 30®.17c; light. 29®3Sc:
Skirting, No. 1. 40®42c; No. 2. 8e«33c; Col
lar Leather, 15@16c per foot; Trace Leather.
40<?44c; Kip, unfinished. 40©5Oc per IV. Veal,
finished, 16©17c per foot: Belt Knife Splits,
14©16c: Rough Splits. 8©10c per lb.
TANBAKK — Ground, $26©23 per ton; Stick,
$16(818 per cord.
— California Castor Oil, in canes, Ho. 1,
70c; pure, SI 20; Linseed Oil. to. barrels, boiled,
65c: raw, 83c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, «0c for
boiled and 6So for raw in barrels: Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 86c: cases. 90c;
China Nut, B5®72c per gallon; pur» Neatsfoot,
in barrels, 70c: cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, «5c:
Whale Oil. natural white, 40©48c per gallon;
Fish Oil, barrels, 37%c; cases. 42$ic; Cocoa
nut Oil. barrels, 63 %c for Ceylon and 53 ft a
for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk.
13% c: Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c: Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c: Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c: Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk. 15c: in
cases, 21 He: Benzine, in bulk, 14c: In cases,
20^ic; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In
cases, 26 'ic.
TURPENTINE— per gallon In cases
and 62c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. T9
7%o per lb; White Lead. 63&ifl>7%c, according
to quantity.
SALT H. R. H., $24 75 per ton in lante
sacks and $25 60 in 60s. Liverpool, $21 25&22
for the best and $17 50@20 for lower grades.
Hlggins", $27 60<S30 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— 60®47 50 per flask for
local use and $42®45 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 8.30c;
Powdered, 5.15c: Candy Granulated, 8.15c:
Dry Granulated, 5.05c; Confectioners' A, 5.08c;
Fruit Granulated. 6.05c; Beet Granulated, (100
lb basra only). 4.95c: Magnolia A, 4.65c; Extra
C. 4.55c; Golden C. 4.45c; D. 4.35c: barrels. 10c
more; half -barrels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more:
r>O-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its- equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels. 5.55c; boxes, 5.80c per lb.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes. $18't>19 50: extra sizes,
higher: Redwood. $19<S'2O: Lath, 4 feet. $3 00<9
4; Pickets. $19: Shingles. $2 for No. 1 and $1 75
for No. 2: Shakes, $13 for split and $14 for
(awn: Rustic, $25^31.
METALS— Tin has been reduced and Is
now quotable at 27@28c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10.
Flour, qr ska.. 9.997 Brandy, gals .. 4,400
"Wheat, ctls ... 1.530 Wine, gals .... 43,9m
Barley, ctls .... 2,430 Tallow, ctls ... 209
Oats, ctls 80 Leather, rls ... 75
Beans, sks .... 2.M2 Hides, No 800
Potatoes, sks .. 2.7«5 Pelts, bdls .... 360
Bran, sks 1,315 Raisins, bxs ... 350
Middlings, sks.. 775 Chicory, bbla .. *
Hay, tons 517 Wool, ska 127
Hops, bales ... 4 Quicksilver, fisk 72
Onions, sks . . . 603
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks .'. 351/ Q «.J| [ p "'. T.
utah. r? " :j ' u : i
Flour, qr ska. . 6,304 1
STOCK MARKET.
On the morning session of the Bond Ex-*
change business was quiet. Alaska Packers
was firm at $1CO@161. Pacific Gas weak at
$39 50. Oceanic weak at $45 and California
Wine weak at $S8. There was more doing In
the oil stocks at about previous prices.
In the afternoon there were three active
stocks on the Bond Exchange — Giant Powder
at $83 501**4 12%. Gas and Electric, which
was higher at $43 62V4344 SO, and Alaska
Packers at $162*9162 25.
On the Oil Exchange- Monarch was very
active, declining from 17c to lie.
The following were ex-dividend : Giant Con
solidated Powder Company, regular monthly.
75c per share, amounting- to $15,000; California
Wine Association, regular monthly, 60c per
share, amounting to $17,348 80.
The following was ex-coupon: Los Angeles
Pacific Railroad - Company 5b. 1928, regular
semi-annual, amounting to $25,000.
The monthly reports of the Alaska Mexican
and the Alaska Treadwell mines for the month
ending November IB are at hand.
The Alaska Mexican reports 18,122 ton* or»
crushed, valued at $23,891, and 325 tons sul
phurets saved, valued at $11,943. The total
yield was $38,442, the ore averaging $2 12 per
ton. The working expenses were $26,277.
The Alaska Treadwell reports 79,572 tons ore
crushed, valued at $84,079, and 1250 tons sul
phurets saved, of a value of $62,130. The gross
yield for the month was $155,909, an unusually
large sum. The ore averaged only $1 96 per
ton. The working expenses were $65,463.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Dec. 10—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
4s quar cp.. 112^113 ]4s qr c (new)139*4140 -
4s quar reg.lliv a 112 3s quar coup.108% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CPC 5a.l07%108% Ocean S3 5s. — 105
Cal-st 5s 119 — Ombus C 69.12914135
C C Wat 5s. .111 — Pac G Im 4s. 94 95*4
Ed L A P 6s. — — Pk A C H 6s — 112V*
Fer & C H 6sl20 — Pk & O R 6s.l21 —
Geary-st 5s.. — 100 Powl-st R 6s.llS T 4120
H C & S 5<£s — — Sac E G R 5s 05»j, JMUi
Do 5s 99% — SF & BJV 5s. 123 124
LsAnR 5s. 118 120% Sierra Cal 6s. — _
L A Lght 68.101}; — S P of Arz 6s
Do gtd Cs.100 — (1909) 113U11.TK
Do gtd 5s. 103 10.1 »i (1910) ....114U —
L A & P 5s. 99 — S P of Cal 6s
Do lem r.s.101 103 (1905) Sr A107%109*i
Mkt-st C 6s.l27%12S% (1005) Sr B109 100^
Do lem Ss.122%123^4 (1906) ... 110 111U
N R Cal 6s. 112% 11.?';. (1012) 119% — *
Do Bs «*i-*32 1 122% 8 Pof Cal 1st
5 S a ? C 5s. 10< — i c grntd 5s.. 109 _ -
N Cal R 5s. — 115 S P Br Cal 133 44 —
Oak Gas 5a. .113 — s V Wat 6s. 11 1 £ 112%
Oak Trns Gs.l24'412R Do 4s..... 102% —
- Do 1st c 53110% 11 IS Do 43.3d minovjioii*
Oak W g 104 105 Stktn Gas 6s.lO2% —
5^ 4 _V: WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 75% 76 iPort Costa.. <BU. m
Marin Co.... 58 — | Spring Vail. S6& 87
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LA P. 2% 2% Pac Light.. 42 —
Eqt G L Co. 3Vi 4 Sacrament* . — 40
Mutual *•* — ; 5% hi O A E. . 44U 44%
O O L A H. 51 - Pan Fran.. 5$ -
Pac Gas Im. 40^ 41 Stkn G * E. 8 —
INSURANCE. iffZ$SI
Flrem's Fnd.242 — /
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. — 81 I* P * A... 160 171%
California. ..412 — Mer Ex flinl lStt
Cal Safe Dp. 109% - S F Nat Ion 130* -
First Natnl..320 — !
SAVINGS BANKS
German 1925 — Sav A Loam. — 90
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav315 —
S*F U Iav S u::525 - , IJnlon Tru ' tI800 -
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..145 155 , Market 87% 89
Gear y - 50 Presidio .... 34 —
POWDER.
Giant 8* 84* Vlgorit ..... 4% 4*4
- SUGAR.
g an » , 3% — iKilauea .... 9% 12
Hawaiian ..34 40 iMakawell .. 24% 24^
Honokaa ... 10% 10% Onomea . .... 22 24
Hutchinson .14 15 i Paauhau ... 10% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PacklC2% — Oceanic s C. — —
Cal Fruit As — 10 ° ( Pac A F A. 2% —
£.« WUie As - — I Pa 0 C Brax.165 —
MerExchge.110 — I Par Paint ..15 —
Mornins Session.
Board —
15 Alaska Packers' Association 160 CO
145 Alaska Packers' Association 161 00
105 Alaska Packers' Assn. s 90 16O SO
5 Bank of California ; ...412 CO
10 California Wine Association JW 00
100 Honokaa S Co 10 J.")
¦ 1 1."> Makaweli 24 t»>
$5000 Oakland Transit Co 5a Ill 00
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 45 W»
, :. -a Paauhau S.p Co .• 10 12^
30 Paauhau S P. Co 1O 25
l. . Pacific Gas Imp...,..; ."» 50
! $1000 Spring: Val 4s bonds <2d mtge)..102 75
Afternoon Session.
Board — • i
"5 Alaska Packers' Association 162 00
_ io Alaska Packers' Association 162 23
5 Alaska Packers' Association..... 1«2 12^4
10 Giant Powder Con.... 83 50
.'¦<) Giant. Powder Con 84 <«•
65 Giant Powder Con 84 23
Continued on Page Eleven.WOMAN DIRECTS
BURGLAR GANG
Flora Dubois Leader of
Thieves Operating
in Tacoma.
Police Capture Two of Her
Men, but She Makes
Her Escape.
Special Dispatch' to The Call.
1ACOMA, Dec. lO.-For six weeks past
a pang of burglars has broken into house
after house in the North End. Police and
detectives have been at their wits' end
jo obtain some clew by which the identity
of the criminals might be established
>;.ie method of the burglars was to watch
until the occupants had left a residence
could icarj aS many valu ables as they
uuigune^ since November L Sho has
oBcaped. but at least two of her accom
plices are under arrest One s ChaS F
Jackson, who confesses to the polfee thff
or^poka^e 50^ 1 ? b t lieved to be to SeatUe
coMft?T.h\ fast as th€ ro bberies were
v° f ?? n ''^ the booty was turned over to
her for disposal. Only last week th«» no
inrtrt aoc i den^lly entered he? room in* a
boo\v S USe - Whcr 1 a trunk full of stolen
S'th^, S 1 ? oncea l«*l- Her occupation
made! unk "°*n and no search was
INCOBPOBATES TJMDEB '
LAWS OF CALIFORNIA
Scar Railroad Company May Intend
Building to a Terminus on
This Coast.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 10.— The following
frTVh 1^ «K f in $ or P°raUon have been filed
in the office of the Secretary of State:
Grand Trunk Western Railway Company
Pnncip&l place of business. Detroit, Mich Di-
M Hays, E. W. MrtfiTurt. C.
ZSZZ a «•" MeOulWn. J. H. Muir, F? W.
iloree and W . Cotter. Capiua etock, $6,000,000.
The fee for filing is very large and the
question is why should this be filed here
in CaMforn?a? 3Pany expects to do business
The articles show that the Port Huron
an 1 J, ndiana Railway and the Indiana
ar Y* Illinois Railway have decided to con
solidate under the title named. The Port
Huron road runs a distance of 224 miles
from Port Huron, Mich., through the
towns of Flint, Lansing and Battle
Creek, connecting at the Indiana State
line with the Indiana and Illinois road
■which runs through Indiana and Illinois*
to the towns of South Bend and Valpa
raiso, a distance of eighty miles.
There has been talk of the Grand Trunk
striking for a Pacific Coast terminus, and
this may mean the consummation of that
object.
ELECTION COMMISSION
EVADES THE CHARTER
*
I
Civil Service Board Protests Against
the Transfer of Messenger An
derson to Storekeeper.
The appointment of F. A. Anderson as
storekeeper by the Board of Election
Commissioners has met with the disap
proval of the Ciril Service Commission,
which has announced its intention to pro
test against the payment of Ander»on f 3
salary.
Anderson was originally employed as a
messenger, but failed to pass high enough
for certification in the examination for
the position. The Election Commission
thereupon asked permission to designate
Anderson's old position, as that of store
keeper, but the request was peremptorily
denied by the Civil Service Commission.
The last named body held that such a
proceeding would ! be a clear evasion of
the civil service provisions of the charter
and would prevent the appointment of ati
eligible as messenger.
The Election Commission then made a
requisition for eligibles for storekeeper,
and the Civil Service Commission replied
that no examination had been held for
such a position, as no classification there
for had ever been made. The former
body thereupon appointed Anderson as a
storekeeper. President Freud states that
this action was taken notwithstanding
the fact that Commissioners Kellogg,
Deasy and Greer.blatt acknowledged that
the charter was being evaded. The matter
will be called to the attention of the
Mayor, and the Election Commission may
be compelled to accept an eligible for the
place. In any event Anderson will be un
able to collect his salary as storekeeper.
KATIE WON AGAIN.
A Utah Woman's Management.
"The first misunderstanding that Katie
and I ever had Teas on account of coffee.
She would not give it to me because she
■was sure it was the cause of my nervous-
ness and eick spells, so I regularly
Cropped into my Aunt's house on the •way
from school <I am a school teacher you
»ee) and stealthily put down a good strong
cup of coffee each day.
"One of my sleepless nights I lay won-
dering what ailed me and how long roy
money would last if I got eick suddenly.
I went to school the next day as I had
often done before, with nerves very trem-
ulous and a dist resting headache creep-
Ing over every cubic inch of my brain.
"When I reached the dinner table at
night, shaved and in my right mind, liut
very tired and faint, I gave a little Btart
of r-urprisc and delight, followed instant-
ly with a feeling of shame.
"Had my sharp, though mild-eyed little
wife discovered the extent of my recent
perfidy? Did she know I had been tak-
ing coffee each day, contrary to agree-
ment? Beside my plate, in my own beauti-
ful diver Xmas present cup, smoked
and fairly smiled the beverage, inviting,
? delicious liquid. I bastened-to pour In a
generous supply of cream with the usual
' ratio of sugar. Then I Bipped the treas-
ure with delight.
"ft tasted a good deal better than usual
some way, but not exactly natural. When
my cup was about half empty I began to
wonder if it would be replenished, so I
stole a glance at the little woman. _She
had a far away look in her eyes and a
little victorious curl on her lips.
"All at once I understood, 'Now. Ifatie.*
I f=aid amazedly. 'you don't mean to tell
me this is PostumT Her pretty little
laugh rang out at once, and she asked
through the folds of her napkin. 'Don't
you think now there is guch a thing as a
good food coffee?'
"I roared fwith my late experience fresh
In my mind), 'Don't ever say coffee to
rae again; I am a saved man to-night'
I then and there hugged my guardian
angel and swore off on coffee, for keeps/
"My health and spirits have been gain-
ing steadily, until now I sleep like a babe
and eat like a , well, like a man
who knows his food is going to agree with
him.
"It was a happy day for wife and I (and
for numbers of our friends) when the
_;real danper of coffee drinking was dls-
f covered and a beverage that would take
its place was put on our table. I have
•been saved from a spell of nervous pros-
tration, the outcome cf which no one can
ever foretell." Ross House. Robinson.
UtaJi.
PREPARES TO DIE
WITHIN A MONTH
Redding Citizen Insists
That His Days Are
Numbered. >
Makes All Arrangements for
Funeral and Settles With
Undertaker.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Dec. 10.— Peter Scherer, a
once wealthy pioneer of Redding, has se
lected his coffin at a local undertaking
establishment, arranged every detail of
his funeral, estimated the total expense
and deposited a check in bank in favor
of the undertaker. He declares that he
will die a natural death within a month.
Mr. Scherer is the divorced husband of
Mrs. Nellie McChesney Scherer, the
young woman who died in Oakland on
Saturday while under the influence of an
anesthetic, prior to an operation. They
had been separated several years and Mr.
Scherer says that his wife's unexpected
death has little to do with his case. In
1889 Mr. Scherer's first wife died. In 1892
his youngest son passed away and in 1894
his eldest son, leaving him alone. These
bereavements, together with his business
troubles, have brought him to his present
condition. . -
"I have nothing to live for and am
willing to die." said Mr. Scherer to-day.
"When one is well, has loved ones around
him and has something to work for and
look forward to, life is dear and some
thing to be fought for. I have lost all and
am ready to die. I shall die within a
month."
Scherer suffers from lung trouble and
bis condition of mind will doubtless has
ten the end. He is one of the best known
men in Shasta County and has handled
extensive business interests. He was in
apparently good health until very re
cently.
DISREPUTABLE HOUSES
ARE ORDERED CLOSED
Board of Police Commissioners Di
rects Chief Wittman to Clear
Out Bacon Place.
As a result of two communications filed
last night with the Board of Police Com
missioners, Chief of Police Wittman was
ordered to close the disreputable houses
on Bacon place.
Special Officers James Murphy and Bert
Jackson, who were recently appointed, re
signed under charges.
Police Officer Patrick J. Foley was fined
J10 for being an hour late reporting for
duty. The charge of abusing a conductor
on the Geary-street line preferred against
Officer Robert Lean was continued for
two weeks, although W. Barnett, the
complaining witness, was reported to
have left the State. Commissioners New
hall and Wallace stated they were not
satisfied that the witness had left. .
Seventeen saloon-keepers and their bar
keepers were cited to appear and explain
why they cashed checks obtained from
nickel-in-the-slot machines. The men
were arrested during the recent. raid or
dered by Chief Wittman, and each one
told his story. to the board. Before arriv
ing at a decision in the cases the question
of destroying the machines brought in by
the police as' evidence was discussed. It
developed that the statute prohibiting the
playing of these machines is explicit,
while the ordinance permits and licenses
the machines. As the statute supersedes
the ordinance, ■ all machines, whether
they pay in coin or trade, will have to go.
The matter, however, will be referred to
the District Attorney for an opinion.
ORDER OF SALE OF BONDS
SURPRISES JUDGE GAGN02-T
Nebraska Jurist Inquires About the
Value of the Oppenheimer
Estate.
Superior Judge Gagnon of Richardson
County, Nebraska, has written to the Su
perior Court of this county asking for
information concerning the estate be
queathed to Ruth Oppenheimer by Inez
Oppenheimer, her mother, who died in
this city in January. 1M1.
Ruth is only 8 years of age, and Judge
Gagnon ■ wants to ascertain how- wealthy
she is before fixing the bonds of her
guardian, Isham Reavis.
Ruth's mother left an estate valued at
123,000, consisting of United States bonds,
real estate and valuable jewels. She left
the bonds, which are worth $10,395, to her
daughter, as well as the jewelry.
Now her guardian wants the bonds sold,
and the fact that Judge Coffey had issued
an order directing that they be sold at
private sale became known to the Nebras
ka jurist and caused him to commence an
investigation. - '
Reavis claims that it is necessary to
sell the bonds to meet expenses, but Judge
Gagnon is of the opinion that other prop
erty should, be disposed of first, owing to
the fact that Government bonds are a
safe and good "long-time" investment.
LITTLE BOY IS BADLY
BEATEN WITH A CLUB
Charitable Society Officers State That
Child's Injuries Were Inflicted
by His Mother.
Secretary White of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children states
that Charley Miller, a 7-year-old boy,
whose home is at 60 Hancock street, has,
within the last two or three days, been
frightfully beaten by his mother. The
little fellow is now at the home of his
grandmother at 19S0 Folsom street with a
broken noee. a badly cut lip and many
bruises resulting, he claims, from blows
Inflicted with a club in the hands of his
unnatural parent.
The neighbors eay that Mrs. Miller has
exhibited a brutality toward her son al
most beyond belief and that he has re
peatedly begged for their protection, but
that they dared not interfere. The case
was reported to the charitable society
and an investigation hax resulted in se
curing •ufficient incriminating evidence
to warrant an arrest, which the omcers
have decided to make to-day.
Mrs. Miller admits that she gave the
child a beating, but states that it was in
the way of punishment and no more than
the boy deserved. The authorities think
otherwise, however. * '
Morgan City Insurance Trial.
The plaintiff in the, suit of the La Due
Gold Mining and Development Company
against the Frankfort Marine Insurance
Company closed its case in the United
States Circuit Court yesterday so far as
the taking of testimony was concerned.
The defendant moved for a' non-suit, but
the motion was denied and the case went
over until this morning, when the de
fense will put in its testimony.
William Roberts, second officer of the
wrecked Morgan City, was the most in
teresting witness on the stand. He testi
fied that if the anchors of the Morgan
City could have been got out the ship
would have been saved.
"But." he added naively, "we couldn't
get the anchors out."
Barbers Select Officers.
The Master Barbers' Association at Us
meeting last night at W2 O'Farrell street
held an election of officers, which result
ed as follows: President, S. Conrad;
vice president, H. Bernard; secretary, S.
Heller; sergeant at arms- S. Freed; trus
tees-^Q. F. Zachorech. W. , Levy and O.
Bchra'ft. The installation of officers will
be held on the evening of January 14, and
In honor of the event a smoker will- be
given on that evening. ,/■;.•
Messenger Strike Ended.
The Western Union T eIe eraph messen
gers who went out on strike because two
of their number lost ■ their positions re
turned to work yesterday afternoon. AH
the boys were taken back, with the ex
ception of those whose discharge pre
cipitated th« trouble and the leaders who
were instrumental in getting the boyn to
strike. The messengers did not succeed
in gaining their demand for higher wages
and returned to work under the former
conditions.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1901.
CHINESE FIRST,
SAYS GOMPERS
Labor Chief Advises the
Federation Now in
Session.
Declares Matter of Japanese
Excl usion Can Be
Deferred,
SCRANTON, fa., Dec. 10.— At the con
vention of the American Federation of
Labor to-day the committee having
charge of the report of the executive
council was not ready present it at the
afternoon session, andj*the reading of the
report was deferred until to-morrow.
This cleared the decks for the considera
tion of the Mongolian resolution, and the
convention immediately plunged into the
matt«r.
The report of the special committee -on
exclusion was read by James O'Connell of
Washington, D. C, international presi
dent of the Machinists. It provides that
the federation use every means in its
power to have a law passed by Congress
excluding the Chinese and Japanese and
other Asiatic races. The committee was
not a unit on the report, so the conven
tion decided to separate the resolution
and consider Chinese exclusion first.
J. T. Morgan of the Federated Trades'
Council of Portland, Or.; Andrew Furuseth
of the National Seamen's Union, San
Francisco; Major Hayes, the well-known
socialist of Cleveland, and T. F. Tracey
of the Boston Cigar-makers' Union made
addresses. AH of the speakers went over
the question thoroughly. Hayes charged
that coal mine operators and iron and
steel manufacturers want to drive out the
Poles and Hungarians, who have be
come assimilated, and place in their es
tablishments the Chinese, because their
price of labor is cheaper. He further
charged that these interests and other
corporations have a powerful lobby at
work in Washington. When the question
was put to a vote there one great roar of
ayes, and the resolution was adopted.
A motion to refer the Japanese part of
the resolution to the incoming executive
council evoked a long discussion, which
was ended by the question being laid on
the table. On this section of the resolu
tion President Gompers took the floor and
made the principal speech. He said that
the convention would make a mistake if it
attempted to secure anti-Japanese legis
lation at this time. There is already a
powerful lobby at Washington, he said,
backed up by the empire of China. If the
proposed Japanese legislation is pressed It
would incur the enmity of the Japanese
Government and other interests, who
would join hands with the lobby already
at work. • . ■ • ,
"We want to get at the cheap man, and
the Chinaman is the cheapest of all," he
v Gompers concluded by saying that the
Japanese danger does not confront the
cquntry to-day, while the Chinese does.
James O'Connell and Thomas Westoby
of San Francisco spoke along the same
lines as Gompers.
RAILROAD OFFICIALS
ABSENT FROM THE CITY
Great Difficulty Is Being Experienced
in Serving Notice of the Oil
Rate Schedule.
The Railroad Commissioners yesterday
distributed in printed form their decision
and the order and schedule of rates adopt
ed recently in reference to the transporta
tion of oil in this State. . ■
The decision will be served on the offi
cers of both the Southern Pacific Company
and the Santa Fe Railway the moment
that* one of the officials arrives in this
citv. Assistant- President Julius Krutt
schnitt is in New York with Chief Coun
sel Herrin. General Passenger Traffic
Manager E. O. McCormlck is attending
the meeting of the Transcontinental Pas
senger Agents' ' Association in St. Louis,
and there is no one at present in the city
on whom the Railroad Commissioners can
serve notice for the Southern Pacific Com-
Ass'istant Traffic Manager W. A. Bissell
of the Santa Fe is als'o speeding Bast, bo
the Railroad Commissioners have for
warded a" copy of the ruling to the Sheriff
of Los Angeles County, and have in
structed him to serve it on General Mana
ger W. G. Nevin of the Santa Fe in Los
Angeles. - '.
The decision of the Railroad" Commis
sioners appears to have met with the
general approval of the oil men. Railroad
Commissioner C. S. Laumeister received
yesterday a long letter from a prominent
oil man." congratulating the Commission
era on the manner they handled the case.
It is believed that when the officials of
the Southern Pacific Company have been
served with the new schedule of oil
rates, tho law department of the company
will institute injunction proceedings in the
Superior Court of this city.
NEGRO CLEVERLY ROBS
A MAN FROM OAKLAND
H. C. Williams of Oakland complained
to the police last night that he had been
robbed of $100 by a negro whom he had
employed to assist him in disposing of a
horse. Willams was not satisfied with
the market for choice horseflesh on the
other side of the bay, so he decided to
transport his quadruped to this side of
the water in the hope of securing a bet
ter price. On the ferry-boat he met a
negro and, impressed with his appearance,
engaged him to assist in arranging a
profitable sale.
Williams said that the negro escorted
him to a Seventh-street stable, where the
steed was Bold for $100. Happy in the
consummation of the bargain, Williams
invited . his" colored friend into a nearby
retayant to partake of lunch. What oc
curred after they entered the restaurant
Williams claims he does not know. 'He
was treated at the Central Emergency
Hospital for abrasions about the face, but
he is not aware how he came by his in
juries. He is of th« opinion that the negro
drugged him and then fobbed him.
Damage Suits Filed.
Louis Thomas Lavole filed a suit for
$10,000 damages against K. C. Pitcher &
Co.. owners ' of a planing mill at Sixth
and Channel streets, yesterday. He claims
he was damaged to that extent by an ac
cident at the mill, due, he alleges, to the
negligence of the firm.
Peter J. "Ramsden is suing F. L. Car
penter, owner of the . Lowell warehouse,
for $20,000 damages for injuries he received
by falling down an elevator shaft at the
warehouse. .
Hattie L. Beck and Amelia P. Hutchins
filed suits for damages against tho Mar.
ket-street Railway Company yesterday.
The first named wants $20,675 anA the lat
ter $25,000. They claimthey were hurt by
being thrown to the ground it/rough the
sudden starting of cars from which they
were alighting.
An Inviting Excursion.
Will be the special Christmas trip, to City
of Mexico by Southern Paclfle and Mexi
can Central Railways— to leave San Fran
cisco December 18. The Mexican Christ
mas celebrations are novel and entertain
ing and possess the warmth and coloring
peculiar to the Spanish-Aztec race. Many
brilliant ceremonies attend the , season,
both civic and religious, lasting several
days— and nights. The bookings are al
ready so numerous that those who Intend
to join must make early registration. The
capacity of train is limited.
Lincoln Post Election.
Lincoln Post No. 1, Department of Cal
ifornia* and Nevada, Grand Army of 'the
Republic, held Its regular annual ejection
on the evening of December 6. The result
follows : Commander, George T. Johnson ;
senior vice commander, F. D. Barnstead*
junior vice commander, Charles Edelman;
quartermaster, John C. Italics; surgeon
Dr. J. G. Crawford; chaplain.
Murphy; officer, of the day, Joseph H
Wilson; officer of the guard, John Eich
ner. The newly elected officers will enter
upon their duties January 1, 1902.
Old subscribers to The Call are en
titled to the' privilege of securing a
copy of Cram's Superior Atlas of the
World upon payment of $1 50,. tho
premium" rate.
INVADERS MOVE
TOWARD PEKING
Prince Tuan Win At
tempt to Capture *
I the Capital.
Immense Army Starts for the
Conquest of Shansi
Province. "
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 10.— News'" was
brought by the Empress of India, which
arrived to-night, that the notorious
Prince Tuan and his lieutenant, i Tung-fu
Hsiang, are organizing an invasion of
China from- Mongolia . and Shensi, re
spectively, into Shansi province, with the
intention of capturing the provincial
Taiyuan. He hope3 to use that wealthy
and strong city as a base for raids into
Chili, the capture of Peking and the ex
termination of foreigners or their banish
ment from the north of China. Further,
the Prince, with a. horde of Mongols, had
then already passed Ningsia, a city on the
northernmost confines of Kansu and bor
dering the country of the Alasan . Mon
gols, marching eastward for an opening
in the great wall so as to descend south
ward into Shansi territory.
This had been denied by both.' Shensi
and Shansi officials, and. there seemed to
have been no movement either in Kansu
or Mongolia, but news has now been re
ceived by some of the local native "papers
confirming the reports of the projected In
vasion; with the addition* that Prince
Tuan and Tung-fu Hsiang have been
energetically buying all the ponies avail
able in that part of Mongolia for their
projected war of revenge against the for
eigners. The native papers have it that
horse dealers who annually supply the
southern market were unable this summer
to make their usual purchases.
In further confirmation of the news of
this activity of Tuan and Tung a Lan
chow (Kansu) correspondent reports that
not only have all the best animals in
Mongolia north of Kansu -and Shan
si provinces been bought or be
spoken on behalf of Tuan and Tung, but
their, agents have actually swept the
Shensi and Kansu markets clear of al
most all the mules.
' These mules are to be used to draw bag
gage and commissariat carts and to serve
as pack animals.
Of course Tung-fu Hsiang is the chief
paymaster in these warlike undertakings,
while Prince Tuan, through his influence,
supplies the modern arms and ammuni
tion required to arm the 100,000 additional
Mongol and Kansu levies that have
joined their standard. A Mongol Prince,
Alashan, has come forward > with half a
million taels and 20,000. horses to back the
enterprise.
Strange to say, all of these movements
have sprung into activity with the east
ward movement of the Empress Dow
ager. .
CLAIM TITLE
TO THE MINE
Stockholders Bring Sen
•satibnal Suit in
Idaho.
BOISE, Idaho,- Deer-10.— -A. sensational
mining suit, involving fhe title to the fa
mous Golden Chariot property, which has
produced $13,000,000, was filed in the United
States Court to-day. The suit was brought
by the Golden Chariot Mining Company,
the stockholders of which are mainly San
Francisco people, against Timothy Regan
of this city and the War Eagle Consoli
dated Mining Company.
After the crash of 1873 the Golden Char
lot was closed down. Subsequently it
was relocated and finally passed into the
ownership of ' Regan. The "War Eagle
Company, holding an option from Regan,
is driving a long tunnel in order to reach
the vein many hundred feet below the old
workings.
The present suit is brought for the pur
pose of recovering the title to the mine.
It being alleged that tho relocation of the
property for alleged non-performance of
assessment work" was the result of fraud
ulent conspiracy. .
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and Pensions and Patents
Granted.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— The Fost
office Department to-day announced the
following: Postmasters commissioned:
California— June H. . Knowles, Stent. Or
egon—Benjamin F. Bond, Irving. Ap
pointed: Washington — E.' Hadley, Camas,
Clarke County, vice Francis C. Yeoman,
resigned; J. C. Harris, Gould City, Gar
field County, vice Mary E. Lease, re
signed; Aden S. Pratt, Wehesville, Ok
anogan County, vice Edward C. Brown,
resigned. .
The prross receipts, of the San Francisco
Postoftice for November, 130X, were
?35,605, against $85,068 in November, 1900.
The postofflccs at Etna Mills, Folsom
City, lone and Lemoore, California, will
be advanced to the Presidential class
January 1. - . . . .
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Original— Andrew J. Thayer. Healds
burg, • ?8; Joseph Biso Turzl, Petaluma,
$12; Charles Amend, San Francisco, $12.
AVidows— Augoustine A. Farandon, Los
Angeles, $8; Charlotte Beedle, Occiden
tal, $8. Oregon: " Original— Christopher
Taylor, Merlin. . $S. Widows — Esther
Shade, Oregon Clty.JS. Washington: In
crease—Francis M. Cox, Ole Elum, $10. .
The following patents v were issued .to
day: California— Walter J. Bell, assignor
one-half to L>. F. Moss, Los Angeles, elec
tro mechanical automatic street railway
switch; Henry ' H. Boren, Bakersfleld,
lire escape; Charles Cummlngs, Oak
land, assignor to Automatic Boiler Feed
Water Regulator Company, San Fran
cisco, automatic boiler feeder; Charles
E; Forrey.'San Francisco, can heading
and crimping machine; Clarence V.
Greenmayer, assignor one-half to W. H.
Holablrd. I^os Angeles, carbureter:
G«orge W. Greever, Priest Valley, mag
azine gun; William L..' Holman, San
Francisco, mortising machine; Walter
JL Keen, Acampo, car coupling: Reuben
H. ICnight, Pasadena, joint lock; Henry
W. Lupton, Los Gatos, driving gear for
motor vehicles; Orvil • L. Maxfield, Hol
lister, gopher gun; John A. McMillen.
San Francisco, safety hasp; Rolo A. Mor
ton, San Jose, vehicle; Barton W. Scott,
San Jose, . assignor one-half to. N.: E.
Wretman, Santa" Clara, vehicle brake;
James M. BegafUB. Perris, nut lock; Sam
uel A. 'West, assignor five-eighths to B.
'A'.'Weyl, San Francisco, amalgamator;
Sylvester M. Williams, assignor one-half
to O. Foss, San -Franclsco.^roary explo
sive engine. ' ,, .
Washington- John P. Bridgewater, Ev
erett," dbpr ' for ore roasting '■' furnaces;
Charles Geske-'and'C. Miller. Seattle, car
tipple: Mllo R. Stapp, Aberdeen, music
leaf turner; Arthur L.., Wilson, Seattle,
cable extension device. . ■
Cooper ' Loses 'a Point
When the case of "Sir" Harry West
wood Cooper, . alias Ernest "Moore\Chad
wick, charged with perjury, was called in
Judge Cook's court yesterday for argu
ment on, the motion to "set aside the in
dictment his attorney, Frank J. Murphy,
failed to appear. The Judge waited fifteen
minutes andV then-denied the motion:
Cooper took an exception. and was grant
ed a continuance till this morning to
plead. " •*
Wlio Will Miss :Thisf
Men's and women's. shoes, all sizes and
widths, stylish, up to date. Lworth $2.50;
for $1.35 a f palr at the Bee. Hive Shoe Co.,
717' Market street; near Third. . •
AMERICA MUST
BE VIGILANT
Henry Watterson Speaks
of the , Nation's
Dangers.
Famous Kentuckian Delivers
Notable Address in
. Boston. ■
-BOSTON, Dec. 10.— The Boston Mer
chants' Association met in the Vendome
Hotel this evening in celebration of its
twenty- fifth anniversary, - and ■ was enter
tained by four men of national reputation;
who made spirited addresses, chiefly on
political lines. Postmaster General Smith
spoke on reciprocity; .Takahlra, the Ja
panese Minister, upon the . subject :of
"Commercial Relations"; Senator M. A.
Hanna, oh the subsidy bill, and Henry
Watterson of Kentucky, : on "Kentucky
and Massachusetts." Colonel Watterson
of Kentucky was greeted with ; three
cheers. He said, in part:
Thoughtful Americans, true to the instincts
of their manhood and their racehood. aniwer
ing the promptings of an ever-watchful pa
triotism, carrying in their hearts the prici
ples of that inspired declaration to which their
country owes its belnc as one among the na
tions of the earth, carrying in their minds the
limitations of that matchless constitution to
which their government owes its stability and
its .power, conscientious Americans, whether
they live in Massachusetts or in Kentucky,
cannot look without concern upon the peculiar
dangers that assail us as we plow through
the treacherous waters which for all our
boasted deep-sea soundings threaten to engulf
oiir shlD of state and along with it the old
fashioned lessons of economy, the simple
preachments of freedom and virtue in which
those fathers thought they laid the keel ana
raised the bulwarks of our great republic
I believe we shall prove a contradiction' to au
the bad examples of history, to all the f warn
ing voices of philosophy, to all the homely pre
cepts of that conservatism which founded on
the truest love of country yet takes no account
of the revolution wrought by modern contriv
ance upon the character and movements .-or
mankind: I believe that the American union
came among the nations , even as the Christ
came, among the sons of men.. . '..
Senator Hanna was the last speaker. He
confined his remarks entirely to the ques
tion of ship subsidy and the latest bill
for that purpose which had been present
ed to Congress. He referred to the fact
that the American nation is to-day su
preme in the agricultural and industrial
business of the world, but is at the very
lowest in regard to its merchant marine.
CLERK CLAYTON TELLS
ABOUT THE SHORTAGE
He Tries to Throw the Blame Upon
His Superior Officer, Captain
Sawtelle. :
The trial of. Charles L. Clayton for em
bezzlement was begun yesterday morning
before a jury in the United States Dis
trict Court. v
Clayton was a quartermaster's clerk on
board the transport Sheridan, and be
cause of non-attention to . his duties was
relieved from his position. When his suc
cessor came on board last summer to be
instructed by Clayton the latter went
ashore, ostensibly to get shaved. But ho
never came back. An investigation dis
closed that' there was a shortage in his
accounts of $1206 09 on May 31, and a war
rant was obtained for his arrest. He was
found several days later drunk- In the
house of a friend on Seventeenth street.
Clayton's defense is that the safe was
left unlocked and • the door of the office
open one night by Captain Sawtelle, his
superior officer- on- board the Sheridan,
and that when 'Clayton examined the con
tents of the safe- next morning he found
that there, was a shortage of cash on
hand. ; > - . ; '
-Assistant United States Attorney.Ban
ning appears for the Government and
George D. Collins for the defendant. The
trial will be resumed this morning.
KERSHOW LEFT ROOMS
TO TAKE RIDE IN CAB
Testimony of Driver Shows That Col
■ legian Was Not Sick All the
Time.
Arthur J. Meadows was cross-examined
yesterday as to his knowledge of the Ker
show will. Meadows is a good witness,
however, and Attorney Rix was unable to
confuse him.
Abraham Strauss, a cabman, testified
that he frequently took Kershow out in
his' cab. Strauss was positive as to the
dates on' which Kershow rode with him.
His testimony contradicted that given by
other witnesses, who said that .Kershow
was unable to leave his room at certain
times. Strauss' note book showed that on
several of these- dates the eojleglan had
taken rides with him.
When Meadows was on the witness
stand Attorney Rix questioned him close
ly concerning his movements in Austra
lia. The lawyer sought to prove that the.
witness had embezzled $15,000 and fled to
Hongkong disguised as/ a woman. Tho
court refused to allow the Questions.
Licensed to Harry.
OAKLAND, Dec. 10.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Walter R. Hughes,
aged 27, and Alice P. HollinRberry, 21,
both of Alameda; William C. JIcNaught,
35, San Francisco, and Bessie M. Car
ruthers, 24, Oakland; Charles E. Bennett,
28, Point Richmond," and Alita G. Klinger.
19. Alameda: Arthur M. ■ Pingree, 23, and
Bessie Voorhles, 18, both of Oakland.
ADVEBTISEMENTS: '
ANOTHER —
HOPELESS CASE
\:^raTf-| OF
hP?^ catarrh
WB\ CURED ■;.
. Redman Mills, Pa., Nov. 26tja, '08. •
The R. T. Booth Co. , ; •
Dear Sirs: I am eighty- two years old and.
have been a sufferer from catarrh In the he*ad
for twenty-five or. .thirty; years. : -Have' doc-
tored with . many specialists and they all ' told
me that the disease was Incurable on -account
of \ my age.' I saw IIYQM^I advertised" and
concluded to give it a trial. After, using it a
short time . I was greatly benefited, and can
now say that I am J entirely . cured. • It has
been six months since I stopped using the
remedy and I still remain cured. Very truly
yours, JOHN S. '. GRAy\
Since Government statistics have proven
that Hyomei alone reduced the death rate
from respiratory . diseases 33 per cent 1 In
1900,, thousands of sufferera from coughs,
catarrh, bronchitis and consumption have
stopped experimenting with other treat-
ments, used Hyomel and been completely
cured. :;^
It is now only necessary for, the public
to understand this and the efforts of phy-
sicians"' and f health boards ' to stamp ."put
these ' terrible plague.g will be successful.'
Coughs, Catarrh, Pneumonia and Cpnr
sumption ; cannot exist | where Hyomei ! js
used, , and j every" : man, .woman; and • child
in .this country, should inhale this' new.
germicide" at least once each day.,.
Hyomei is sold by, all druggists or sent
by:. mail:. Price, "outfits complete, fLOO.
Trial outfits' 25c. Hyomei Balm 25c. ' ' . ,.:
The R.T. Booth Co., Ithaca, N: Y.
DOLE IS NOT
READY TO GO
Hawaii's Governor Has !
No Indention of Re
signing.
Findings in the Case of Cap
tain Tilley Are 'Made
Public.
HONOLULU, H. T., Dec. 3.— Governor
Dole has given out another statement
in an interview that he has no 'intention
of resigning. Last night at the meeting
of the Republican Central Committee a
resolution was brought up to make a se
lection of a successor in the event of a
vacancy occurring in the office. '.It was
the opinion of some of the member's that
Dole had resigned or would resign with
out notifying the committee and would
recommend a successor, and the resolu
tion •was to have been addressed to the
national committeeman of the Republi
can party for Hawaii, asking him to use
hia efforts to see that the party commit
tee here was given a voice in the choice
of a successor. : - . J
The resolution was postponed for con
sideration to-night. When the commit
tee meets it will have before it the Gov
ernor's statement that he has no inten
tion of . resigning.
The findings of the court-martial which
tried Captain Tilley, ex-Governor of Tu
tuila, have been made public, completely
exonerating the captain. The findings
were posted on board the battleship Wis
consin just before she left Pago Pago.
The case against Tilley collapsed alto
gether in court. The members of the
court report great difficulty in securing
the attendance of witnesses desired.
United States Consul Osborne was one,
but he died just before the court con
vened. His" son refused to attend. Other
civilian witnesses also refused to answer
the court's call for their testimony, and
some of the members of the court think
legal provision should be made to give
courts-martial power to compel the at
tendance of all witnesses wanted.
The battleship Wisconsin is in port
here, having arrived from Pago Pago on
December 1. She has on board Admiral
Casey and other members of the Tilley
court-rmartial, which held sessions ' at
Pago Pago. The Wisconsin is coaling
outside the harbor, as did the Oregon. It
Is stated that she intended to come in,
but the officers did not want to allow
the men on shore here. She will take
1000 tons of coal and leave in about a
week for Acapulco, Mexico.
Judge Estee this morning gave a deci
sion in the suit of the Hawaiian Tram
ways Company of London against the
Honolulu Rapid Transit Company. The
suit was a proceeding brought by the
tramways company to secure an injunc
tion restraining the new electric roa-1
from extending its lines along Kh.^
street, where the old company claims an
exclusive franchise. Estee decided that
a "former decision of the Supreme Court
of Hawaii in favor of the Rapid Transit
Company holds good.
The diocesan synod of the Anglican
church of Hawaii is now in session. The
most important business is completing
the arrangements for Americanizing the
church, as provided for by the resolution
passed at the general convention in San
Francisco, admitting the church to the
American body. Bishop Willis, the retir
ing head of the church, delivered an an
nual address,, in which he severely criti
cized the so-called "second congregation."
which has kept up the long fight against
his methods of church government and
maintenance of the British authority.
The Star says: Mainland newspapers
across the continent from San Francisco
contain the statement in various forms
that ex-Queen Liliuokalani has refused
the money appropriated for her by the
last Legislature, as she objects to its ap
pearance of "charity." The appropriation,
however, has not been rejected, but is be
ing regularly -collected* from the treasury
of Hawaii by the ex-Queen's agents. It
is 515,000 for the present fiscal period of
two years and amounts to $625 a month,
which sum has been duly paid over since
the appropriation began to run.
ADMIRALS APPROVE
, SCHLE Y . CASE FINDINGS
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— The Schley
court of inquiry will probably submit its
findings and opinion . to the Secretary of
the Navy to-morrow. It Is understood
that at a meeting to-day the court ap
proved the written draft of its conclu
sions. . . . ..."
From all accounts the court's findings
and conclusions were put into writing
by Rear Admiral Ramsay, the junior
member. The greatest care has been"
taken to prevent the .' substance or any
information whatever about them to leak
out. From the little that has been learn
ed about the methods of the court proce
dure, it is understood that the report will
not be submitted to a typewriter operator
for copying, but will be laid before the
Secretary of the Navy in the, handwrit
ing of the member deputed to draft it.
TWO "WOMEN FIGHT OVER
' POSSESSION OF A PLUME
Mrs. Mary da Laveaga Is Arrested on
a Charge of Petty Lar
ceny.
Miss Maria Cassasa, milliner. 1727 Stock- !
ton street, secured a warrant from Judge !
Mogan yesterday for the arrest of Mrs. I
Mary deL^veaga, 1812 Filbert street, on i
a charge' of petty larceny. Mrs. Laveaga, ;
learning that the warrant , was out, sur
rendered herself at the Hall of Justice
and was released on bail. *
Mis$ Cassasa sold ' a hat to Mrs. de
Laveaga, and Sunday afternoon they met
on the street. "She accused me," said
Mfss Cassasa, "of putting a cheap plume
in her hat, and said the plume I had in
my hat was the one that should have been,
in hers. I told her it was not true, and
sha called me names and struck me. She !
said she would have my plume; and strug- |
gled with me till she. succeeded in pullinp i
it out of my hat. Then she walked away !
with the plume." i
Miss Cassasa wanted Mrs. de I>aveaga |
charged ' with grand larceny, as she had [
forcibly taken the plume, but the Judgo.
thought the minor charge would cover the
case. ' ' - ■ ■ ■ • * -
City's Water Bills.
■The Supervisors' Financ.© Committee
decided yesterday to recommend payment
of the water bills for municipal building*-*
on the basis of one- twelfth of the appro
priation of $15,000 for each month. The
bills for July, August, September, Octo
ber and November amounted to $2000 each
under meter rates charged by the Spring
Valley Company. The difference will be
a charge against the city and the'com
pany will have to look to thene^t board
for its payment.. In the meantime public
officials will be asked to economize in the
use of water. ■ ••- r.jgWttS "
Eligible for . Chief Food Inspector.
The Civil Service Commission issued the
following eligible" list for chief food in
spector, Department of Public Health,
yesterday: William R. Robertson, Fried
rich C. Muller,' Jacob W. • Bebrendt, An
drew N. Dethlefson. Alfred OC Glrard,
Arthur- O. Davis, Thomas P. Lydon,
Michael Wertheimer, . Sylvester j. Carty,
John A. Brown, John L. Romer and'Gus
Welter. :
John A. Brown, the incumbent, is too
low down to be certified for appointment
and • will - lose his position. Robertson,
who heads the list, is at present an'as
sistant food inspector' and will inall like
lihood reeeive' the appointment:
Takes Inspector Dutton's Place.
i. The Board of Public Works /yesterday,
appointed James B. Cowdeii . to be field
assistant from" the civil service list.'
Cowden will succeed G. W.^Dutton, whoso
duties related to the inspection of street
sweepings. Dutton's work, has been un
satisfactory, and he will be relegated : to
a subordinate' position. . Israel - Schwartz
wlU-be appointed to the vacancy- created
by Cowden's promotion. >. • >- ;i , ; ..v.
Ix\ PORTE, Ind.. Dec. 10.— The third Sun
day in January will be set aside as McKinley
day among the churches of Indiana. -
MANY VISITORS
SEE CEREMONY
Ivy Chapter, Eastern
Star, Publicly Installs •"
New Officers.
Handsome Gifts Are Made to
Those Who Have Worked
for the Order.
The newly elected omcers of Ivy Chapter
No. 27, of the Order of the Eastern Star,
were installed in public last night in
Golden Gate Hall. There were more than
300 people present, many not being mem
bers of the order. The hall was most
tastefully decorated with garlands of
evergreens and roses and the several sta
tions, were covered with choice flowers.
Around the altar were displayed the new
cushions of snow white leather on which
are executed the emblems of the order in
pyrography, the work of Mrs. Susie Fa
vor Lockwood, a past matron and one of
the ardent workers for the chapter. The
installing officer was the retiring patron,
C. L. Field. He was assisted by Worthy
Grand Matron Clara Abbott Glberson as
marshal: The beautiful work was' well
rendered and the new officers were in
ducted" into office in a most : impressive
manner. Those who are to rule this chap
ter for the current year are:
. Mrs. Robert F. Tisdale, worthy matron:
"Frank McGowan, worthy patron : Mrs. Samuel
"Wallis, associate maf.on; Mrs. Carrie A. An
thony, treasurer; Mrs. K. Salsbury. secretary;
Mrs. Mary L. Reddick. conductress; Mrs. C.
Sommer. associate conductress; Mrs. S. Lock
wood, marshal; Samuel Wall is. chaplain; Miss
May Dow. Adah; Miss Sadie Cross. Ruth; Mrs.
Fannie Kellogg, Ksther; Mrs. Oscar Hlckei.
Martha; Mrs. Frank McGowan, Electa: Mr*.
Albert TVapple, warder; Mrs. 'E. Roedecker.
sentinel. >
At the close of the ceremony and the
proclamation of installation Past Patron
Kimball presented a past matron's jewel
to Mrs. Noah, the retiring matron, anil
H. Ascroft presented, on behalf of < the
chapter, to the retiring patron a large
cuckoo clock in appreciation of his ser
vices. The retiring patron presented to
the ladles who during the last year
formed the five points of the star a gold
brooch each, and this was followed by too
retiring matron presenting each of these
ladies a souvenir spoon with the name of
the point of the star. The last of the
presentations was by the new patron,
Frank McGowan, who tendered to Mrs.
Lockwood, in appreciation of the work
she has done for the chapter, a gold
breastpin In ■the form of an ivy leaf, en
ameled in green and having on its face a
handsome diamond solitaire. There were
congratulatory speeches by Past Most
Worthy Grand Matron of the General
Grand Chapter Mrs. Mary Flint, Grand
Secretary Kate J. Wlllats and others, all
expressing the hope that with the new
corps of officers Ivy Chapter will be one
of the bright subordinates in the 'order.
The ceremonies of the evening closed with)
the singing of "America," after which
there was an adjournment to the main,
hall, where there was dancing for two
hours, under the direction of these com
mittees:
Reception — Mrs. Clara A. Giberson. W. O.
M.; Mrs. S. Bonlfield, Mrs. C. Dow. Dr. Edna
Field, Roy T. Kimball. Henry Owens and Cap
tain S. BonifleJd. •
Floor — James E. Gordon, Frank I Marston,
Albert Wapple and Samuel C. Wallls.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
! FORCED OPEN SHOWCASE.— J. Bolger.
} 142 Third street, reported to the police yester
) day that some one pried a showcase open in
; front of his store and stole a dozen pairs ' of
; buckskin gloves Monday nignt. The store wu
| open at the time.
! A' MALICIOUS BEGGAR.— John Kelly, a
; sturdy "beggar, was sentenced to six months*
• imprisonment in, th« County Jail yesterday by
I Judge Fritz on a charge of malicious mischief.
j He accosted A, Schwerin, proprietor of a res
taurant at 521 Montgomery street, Monday aft
j ernoon, . asking for a dime. Schwerin walked
I into his restaurant and Kelly followed him.
• Schwerin put him out and Kelly threw a cob
ble-stone, breaking a pane of glass valued at
fifty dollars.
WEIDMAN THREATENS TO KILL..— Paul
i Kahdeman, 7?£ Sumner street, secured a war
■ rant yesterday for the arrest of Henry "Weid
i man. a machinist, living- at 1750 Eighteenth
avenue. South San Francisco, on a charge of
': threats to kill. Kahdeman stated that he was
, in front of Weidmaa's residence Sunday aft
! ernoon, when "VVeidman pointed a revolver at
; him and said: "You keep away from her© or
; I'll kill you." The only reason that Kahde
■ man could account for the threat was that
• he was foreman at the "West Coast Furniture
' Company and had discharged "We id man's sister
j some weeks ago.
Painter Killed by a Fall.
John Daniels, a painter, met with an ac
cident yesterday afternoon which resulted
in his death. Daniels and several other
painters were working on the Union Ho
tel on Folsom street, near Sixteenth, when
he lost his balance and fell a distance of
thirty-five feet to the sidewalk: An am
bulance was summoned, but Daniels died
before reaching the Emergency Hospital.
The unfortunate man was a resident of
Alameda.
Indian Soldier Runs Amuck.
BERLIN," Dec. 10.— The official report of
the affair at Tientsin between a com
pany of Punjab infantry and German
troops says that an Indian soldier ran
amuck, invaded the German commis
sariat quarters, shot and mortally wound
ed a quartermaster and wounded three
other men severely, whereupon he waa
shot down by a German sentry.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Piano Purchasers,
ATTENTION!
28 Grand and Upright
s
TJsed by Artists of th<» GRAU OPERA"
COMPANY Will Be. Offered for Sale at
Largely Reduced Prices. .
COMMENCING MONDAY, DECEMBERS
Old; Instruments Taken In Exchange.
o — — > — — -o
Among all the instruments of re- ,
nowned makers bere and abroad I to-
day prefer the Weber.
»'i" EMMA CALVE.
CLARK WISE & CO.,
41 GEARY STREET,
Cor. Grani Ava.
OPEN BVEN|:\GS
\IU^ T. HESS, ;
NOTASY PUBLIC AND ATTOBHEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015." CUus SpreckeL* Bldj,
- - Telephone Main 3S3.
Residence. 821 California sc. below Powell.
Residence - Telephone James 1301. -
ff r^y Vf^Ci.iillli'l IV«3n im Hi" t IIJ *Q*
%Baay33H MAfiKET ST. SF.^tfS^
....
m I rr r» O 1 1 ■ I Corner Fourth and
PRll nrii/Jll Markers. F. Try.
.CME-nOIAL«3ffi.
values checked fr*»
910
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL. j
PCSINKSS OFFICK of The San Franciac*
Call, cot ner of Market and Thltd struts; open
«n»il 12 cVlock overy night fn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— E27 Montgomery street
corner Clay: open urtil 9:30 p.. rrt. j
SW) Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m. -J
«c« |feAtH#'er street; open until 9.30 p. m.
S3* I .«:!; in street : open until 9:30 p. m.
1M1 Mlfrsioii rtreet: open until 10 P- m.
"Kl Markr* street, corner Sixteenth: open
urtil « |v va.
If* FWrn-.h Ftr**t open until 9 p. m.
1"M Valencia street open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-e*>eond and Ken-
tucky rtreet*: ojx>n until 9 p. m.-^ -- i
gOO FH'.reore street: open until 9 p.' m.
MEETIXG XOTICES^^
STARR'KING Lodge. U. D. F & A. •
M.. Mowry's Hall, corner Laguna _»\_
KTid Grove Ms. — Staled meeting 8 jlLJ\
o'clock THIS EVENING. By order '~ r *
ot the. W. M. A. A. ANDERSON. Secy.
CROCKETT Lodge Na 130, F. and A. ft
M.— D. 1st THIS. Dec. 11. at 7:30
p. m. By order of the W. M. 7v~
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary. * v
MISSION Lodge No. 1C9. F. and A. M. m
—Called meeting THIS CWEDNES-
r>AY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. jL2<
Third Degree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec. / >
TE_P_VR Lodce No. IT. I. O. x^**s_«'
O. F.— Initiation TO-NIGHT. •i_25ff5£*
Visiting brothers cordially in- ~^5%fi0ft$^
XltCd * F. W. STOWELL. N. G.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
celved applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from W. W. Stone Sr., in the Red
Hill gravel mine, near Placervllle. El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings In a work«d-
out pit: from Mrs. Ollvene A. Stone, In the I
Gljrtiac gravel rain*, near Placerville, El Do- ,
rado County, to deposit tailings in Webber
<>eek: and from J. B. Lassiat in the Las-
Mat mine at Poker Flat. Sierra County, to
•Vposit tailings In a worked-out pit give*
notice that a meeting will be held at room
r». Flood building. San Francisco. Cal.. on
TWfmb— 23. iqCl. at 1:30 p. m.
AGEXTS WAXTED. .
AGENTS wanted to pell a plant from the Phil-
ippine Islands: grovs In 10 minutes; never j
diM,; sells at fight; agents make $7 to 510 a I
day. Call at or send 25c for sample at 417 }
Bush ft., room 1; call bet. & and 9.
ASPHALTUM ROOFIXG.
S PKLTIER. asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal 11S6 Mission; teL Folsom 2477.
OTTY ASPHALTUM CO.. 632 Market st-Roofs.
sidewalks, floors: cheap rates. TeL Red 2332.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. j
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty; quick, quiet; •
no charge without success: established 16 yrs. j
Open evenings by appointment: phone John 318L {
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market at., cor. 8tockton. (
ADVICE free: divorces private: bankruptcy; col-
lections ; attachments : mortgages : bills of sale ;
partnerehi ps ; deeds ; wills drawn ;feea low; opea
eve's. THURSTON. 1008% Mkt. r. 4. opp. 5th.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market gt. opp. Mason.
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
NEW bicycles for children, men and women;
. largest assortment on the Pacific Coast
BAKER A HAMILTON. Pine aod Market eta.
BOOKS— NEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL Ked 295«.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission «t j
BlREAl^ TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
price*. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard.
BVSIXESS CHANCES.
A— $300: CORNER saloon with 3 rooms; rent
$20; good business and finest location in the
Mission. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% K«:arny.
A— $800; COFFEE saloon and restaurant es-
tablished years; first-class paying; located
close to Chronicle bldg.; bargain; call soon.
K. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $500; RESTAURANT on Ellis st doing a
rushing and good paying business; rent only
$35; place easily clears $100 per month. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny et
A— S2500; LEADING country ' hotel of 30 rooms,
dining and billiard ->arlors; barroom dears
all expenses and more; rent $75; 5 years'
lease; a splendid chance. Call R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st
A— $800; SALOON, including S furnished rooms;
a splendid paying business; lease; location
can't be beat; rare chance for any one. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— J1SO0; BAKEET, including- stock; rent $40;
living rooms; best location; no opposition; es-
tablished years; good paying; sickness of
owner only cause of eale. See R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny et ,
A— S600; SALOON on Sansome st; rent $25; very
choicest location and a. good paying business.
For particulars. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $lt)00; CORNER saloon on Sixth st; rent
$60 net; good paying business; no better lo-
cation on Sixth st. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Keamy st *\ >■ •
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market Bt " "
If you want to buy or sell business, call at
our office, rm. 2; see our large list of differ-
ent chances; a friendly Inquiry costs nothing.
Saloon; wholesale diet, nr. water front: 4 liv'g
rms.; true money maker; owner sick. McBride
& Co.. real est. & auctioneers, 765 Market.
AT a grreat sacrifice — $125 will buy a first-class
restaurant; must be sold at once; party leav-
ing the city. McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market
A RARE chance — A cafe and restaurant in
the best business locality In the city, with
elegantly furnished sleeping apartments and
bath: all night service and a lucrative busi-
ness; established a number of years; a full
investigation allowed to prove that this is a
be, na tide business offer; a first-class loca-
tion and a paying business; terms. Address
A. Z.. box 27 15, Call office.
MILES & CO.. 927 Market Bt, room 208.
$4500— Hotel In dairy country; always full.
JS008 — Hotel in farming country; close to city.
$600— Restaurant, this city, %-ery central.
$2000— Saloon and building: rent $40.
A full list of all kinds business chances too
. long to advertise; see us.
1350 — PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing
business; clears tlOO to $130 per month to each
partner. Call S35 Market st.. room 14. .
ICECREAM parlor and candy store doing a flne
business: must be sold; price $450; call and
Investigate. Room 14. 935 Market st.
STEXBERG CO., 759 Market st : ~~
Phone Black 5491.
Buys and sells real estate, furniture. lodging-
houses, restaurants, business chances of all
kinds. Phone calls promptly attended,.
HEALY & HENDERSON, phone James 2771.
6 Eddy st., rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar etores. ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
A-^t7007"RESTAURANT. established for ye^rs
on principal street; owner going East. Ad-
drees box 2705. Call office.
w ANTED— Temperance grocery; Invoice $1000;
must be good business; cash customer. Call
1 o'clock Western Business Agency. 63S Mrkt.
SALOON for sale— City front; long lease with
building; owner wants to retire. CHARLES
CHRISTIANSEN, 11 Clay st
FOR eale— 500 shares Montezuma Mining Co.
copper stock cheap; until Friday. Box 2063
Call office.
$200— partner; established real estate, buel-
ness chances and lodging-house business. Box
2t58, Call office.
TO Let— Butter-eggs delicatessen stall in
.g55TO a __ 1 pg_i£ t; flne lo ~ Uop - J - H -
FOR aale— A good planing mill In a- lumber
yard; ocated in a growing town. Addreii
P. O. box 45». Hcalflsburg. Cal.
A-FOR cigar stands that actually make money
see C. L. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott building.
FOR eale — Barber shop; laundry office cigar
*tand; fine location. Box 2710, Call office.
Established Mfg. wholesale and retail business-
good location; fHXK). Call 247 Fifth st.
GOOD chance for first-class physician and fam-
ily for sanitarium. Apply 363 Geary st.
WANTED- Investors In a plain, substantial
bnsiness enterprise. Address box 2S70. Call.
FIRST-CLASS saloon with grocery, on account
of death. Inquire at 1637 Folsom et.
S3?.e— WELL-ESTABLISHED clothing renova-
torr- Address box gS52. Call office.
LODGIXG-HOLSES FOR SALE.
H.~C~DECKER, ESTA^US^eId^IN^ThTs
CITY IN 1877. HEADQUARTERS FOR ALL
KIXDS OF BARGAINS
i rooms and bath (fiat) $ ioo
Vi rooms on Taylor <&q
t"6 rooms on Kearny 1400
S'3 rooms, clears 1100 - 950
ItXI rooms, clears $400 C0O0
CO rooms, clears $350 .........,' 3600
"1-rooro corner house 4000
1C rocras on Eddy st ,... 850
IS rooms on Third st... 950
24 rooms. 2 fronts; dears $200 leoo
33 rooms; best in the city 2000
«0 roome; sure to clear S2C0 ..;............ 3600
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE..
CALL IF YOU WISH TO BOY.V,-..:;:
....Sell or exchange any kind of property.
I CAN' SUIT YOU.. .;....„
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER ?......
H. C. DECKEn. 1(20 Market; phone Mint 796/
FLAT to let; furniture for sale at a great sac-
rifice. McBRIDE & CO., "65 Market r. 1& 2.
I |LODGIKG^IIOJ_^S_JFO^_^A^ :: E---Co^
• rHl^DONALD INVESTMENTCo! ; ' ■
, . i SSO Market st Tel. Davis 2S1.
:V> rooms; swell family hotel $6500
:J0 rooms; cheap rent 1300
:i2 rooms; good location;. bargain. ........... 750 ;
• J '21 rooms: flne fur.; very profitable 3200 ;
j|:i3 rooms; all light; cash 500 ]
■ m 2S rooms: elope in: good payer 32C0 i
1:16 rooms; new building; new fur 1100
10 rooms; all furnishings good 1000
1 t4 rooms; boarding; bargain 1200
■ 18 rooms; paying well; boarding 2500
» 40 rooms; new fur.: rent $S0.. 2000
• VACANT HOUSES FURNISHED.
VACANT HOUSES FURNISHED. 1 -• - '
f A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST.
' Any of the following on monthly payments:
' 9 rooms; bargain; f'O cash, bal. payments $150
1 22 rooms; income J200: elegant; bargain.. 1500
I 8 rooms; well furnished "... 400
, S3 rooms; grand transient location 2200
j 25 rooms; good location; clears $150 1200
I 16 rooms: corner; part cash ».. 1000
: ■ 28 rooms; clear*. $60; payments....' 4M
t S9 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5500
CALL. WE QAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable;, clears $90 1500
1 20 rooms; good location; money maker... 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Market St.
2>O YOU WANT A LODGING HOUSE?......"
i IF SO
: SEE
i AVINSTON & WOLF. 1026 MARKET ST.
(THE RELIABLE AGENTS.)
7 r. : brand new; G.G.ave.; part cash. $550
11 r. ; corner; offices: part cash; $10 monthly.
15 r. ; corner; near Powell st 900
I 17 rooms; rent $30: reduced to $430
20 r.; brand new furniture; modern bldg. ■ .
i 20 r.; muet Eell: make offer; see this! •
i 28 r. : apartment house; corner $2500
18 r.; rent only* $50; payments $850
» 65 r.: finest corner in city; we have It. !
A. CAMERON & CO., • .
S50 Market Et and 8 Stockton st.
! Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
I See our list of bargains.
• M0 r.: cor.; rent $550; lease; fine Income:
; first floor offices; best location In city $6000
' ■ 7,r. ; rent $12; Mission; good and neat 200
36 r. ; rent $140; first -class room, house.. 3250
14 r. ; rent $45; residence: good fur.; piano. «50
26 r.; rent $S0; clears $100; good fur 1800
15 r.; finest little board, house in city.: 11C0
17 r. ; rent $45; cor.; oak' fur. : clears $100. S50
I __r~
V MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
' SAMPLES FROM LIST OF 517 HOUSES.
16 r.; modern: marbl«» 6teps; grand view;
o.uiet; respectable: clears $60 a month.... $1300
14 r.: central; nice furnishings: clears $63 800
12 r. ; N. Mkt; quiet; respect: clears $52 650
22 r.; Golden Gate aw; fine; clears $79.. 1600
46 r. ; Sutter st; lst-class in each particular;'
clears $200 a month over all expenses. • -
115 r.; best proposition north of Market st, 1
I \.— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses.; all sizes
and prices. In all parts of the city; get our
{ ■ list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st
j LODGING-HOUSE, the finest location in this
I city; 15 rms.; turn people away every night;
j $450 cash; $400 can remain. 7 Grant ave. i
5500— LODGING-HOUSE, 31 rooms, all filled;
rent $20. 543 Howard st.
™~ SPIRITUALISM.
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium: spirits speak face to face; seance
Tue., Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m.. 50c. 1084 Bush at
BROCKWAY 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Gough; phone Larkin 1086— Seances Sun.,
Tues., Thurs., 8:15 p.m.; 25c; readings, 10 to 5.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings. $1; !
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell at; Ellla car.
A— PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth i st. ; satisfactory
readings. 50c, $1; circle every night, 10c.
ETHEL HODGE CRINDLE— Materializing se-
| ance Wednesday evening; 50c. 325 Ellis_st \
KATIE HUESSMAN removed to 1774~ 15th. nr.
- Guerrero; readings by mall; sittings dally.
EDWARD EARLE. 828 Ellis, phone Polk 1601; !
fittings 9:30 to 5; seance Sun. and Thurs. ,
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J I
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night 10c \
■ —^ _____" ;
CLAIRVOYANTS. "\
EXTRAORDINARY! EXTRAORDINARY! j
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
: SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London.
AS A TEST IN THE READING WILL TELL
YOUR NAME. AGE. OCCUPATION, WHOM
; AND WHEN YOU WILL MARRY.
BUSINESS, LOVE, MARRIAGE. : ;
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re- '
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar- 1
; ry, how to WIN the man or woman you. love,
i how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
I how to control or Influence any one you love
or meet: no charge unless you find him superior
; to all others. Hours. 10 to 7 dally; 10 to 5 Sun-
■ days.
; Reception rooms, 13, 14, first floor, -
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's. j
I MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
, located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
, ecription of the past, reveals the present hap-
, penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
• happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic. ■
love or business . troubles, consult this great
- medium and you will be told how to overcome
- them. Valuable . advice In all affairs of life;
• 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4359.
• THIS notice and 10c — Past, present, future,
5 sickness, lawsuits, troubles, family affairs,
enemies, friends. Investments, speculations,
1 changes, detect dishonesty, unfaithfulness,
treachery, love affairs, happy and unhappy
marriages; Just what you want to. know.
! 607 Kearny St., parlors 1, 2, 3.
i MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
1 medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
1 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
l anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with Epepial terms. Dally and Sunday.
• A-LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT. ~
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk st.; readings by mail. ,
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
J diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies EOe,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. Bit $1 5a 126 Turk.
f ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
i palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally. 10 a. m.
" to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
1 A— MISS' M. WILLE. 326A Ellis: clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full. names, 50c. -$1; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
BROOKS, J206 Market— Suite 34 and 33; won-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium; read-
1 ings, $1 & $2; readings by mall; satisfac. guar.
- MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
f CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana ;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., near 4th.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL. wonderful astrologlst;
I I tribe Alohobar. 1008% Mkt.. 2d floor, hrs. 10-9.
" MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; la-
dies 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
j MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant water
1 reader. 11 6th: German spoken: tel. Jessie 1563.
• MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
J advice; names given: 25c up. S Fourth st.
> — —^ ——i — «
. CARPET BEATIKG AND CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
. . Ing Worka. 353-857 Tehama at; tel. South 40.
". MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint SGI; 923 Mission.
J AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning.
) 8c; renovated, relald. 104 14th at;tel.Capp 2512.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaninp Co.. 402 Sutter et.;
' r tfl. Main 384. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
• RUDOLPH & CO.; carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. '1-03 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
T CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works;
til Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 128.
r CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr..- 38-40 8th et: tel. South 250.
; J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
.vatlng Co.. 240 14th gt : tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
I Ingrowing toenalls. bunions and (corns cured
. painless) r.o knife. Dr. Brown, graduated chl>
repodist Indorsed by med. prof'n. 304 Stocktor.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency: 6th
• floor; SIC Market r-L ; advics free. Tel, • Bush
' 1S4; able body of attorneys.
3 DENTISTS.
r A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 927 Market at. Emma
D Spreckelis bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
it able prices: pure gold fillingi!. $1 50; other fill-
0 ings. >$1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
9 plates, a full set of teeth that look ; natural
0. y and guaranteed," $5 up. '
0 Painless extraction. . '
0 I do first-class work only and guarantee It
u EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
0 and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
„ wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
0 experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
: : DR - GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
- A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
- , warranted 20 years; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c:
plates $5.. full aet; all work painless and
\ warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
- AT Ideal Dental Co.._*-Eddy st— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, T^BIJaSrERpAY/ DECEMJBER 11, 19OK
DEXTtSTS— C-owtlnn'f«l..
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC." 809 Market, cor.
4th. rm. 7; Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly: teeth without plates our specialty: gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; offlre hours 9 a.*m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. P.P.. S., Manager.
PARIS Dental r.-rfors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full eet o' teeth. $4; crown*. $3: fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. : painless extraction,
SOc. N. Y. Dentist.:. 969 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
YOU can rave 40 per cent on dental work by
_going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st '
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Pol.: Et. ______
DR.R.L. WALSH. S15% Gea ry. nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction, 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk Ills.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer, building: formerly in Murphy bldg.-
DOQ HOSPITALS. >
DR. CREELY'S C. P~dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st. ;' :
FRENCH accordian and knife pleating. - WM:
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCH^X^F^2L£T?TRICAirENGi^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post st, S. F. ;
catalogue free. ■ . .
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
(8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business, education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
'spelling, Spanish, etc. ;■ experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President 'Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building./'^
A— The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methds; positions for all graduates;
! new 60-page catalogue tree. 305 Larkin st. -
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-'
rott bldg.: individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
A— Miss Bolte's School. 2734 Pine st; board;
Eng., French. German, music; $30 mo.; coach.
VITTORIO DINO, Italian teacher, gives les-
sons at pupil's home; price 50c. Box 1S58, Call.
TENOR lyric, high with powerful voice, de-
sires engagements. Address box. 2681, Call.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher, 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st
LEO Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary st;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin, Mathematics. • Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON, 776 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
- Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; J5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable bouse cleaning; also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
Gecrge KInochlta, 1233 Page st; tel. Fell 8501,
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
,. cooks, waiters and, house -servants. GEO.
' AOKI &: CO., .421 Post st. ; tel.: Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office^ — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush at; tel. Bush 516..
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter.;tel.Black 6078.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE, i
PROTESTANT, first-class cook, references, no
washing, wishes /situation; also a first-class
governess, best of references, wishes situa-
tion. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
CAPABLE American lady wishes position as
housekeeper; small private family. Address
box 2708, Call office. ,
A RESPECTABLE woman as thorough house-
keeper; good cook; small family. ' Apply 359
Minna st. ' ■ ".
ELDERLY, reliable woman wishes position to
do light housework. 1 Clarence court, off Bu-
chanan St., near Geary.
A YOUNG lady, reliable, wishes to take care of
a house during the day ,whlle the owner is
gone. .Address box 2702, Call office.
A GOOD woman rwlth best of references wishes
situation; understands German cooking. 47
Shipley st.. off Fourth.
GIRL wants position in store and assist with
housework; no postals. Call 19 Verona st,
off Third.
A YOUNG woman wishes work by the day;
house cleaning or washing; terms $1, car-
fare. Address 213 Natoma st. •
GERMAN woman, a good cook, wishes posi-
tion in a first-claes small family; best refer-
ences. Address 162 Jessie st., cor. Annie.
RELIABLE woman wishes position as working
housekeeper; good worker. Box 2660. Call. -
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes plain sewing.
Call at 913 Polk st.
WOMAN wants work, washing and cleaning.
19 Stevenson ave., off Valencia, nr. Market.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day; house
cleaning; willing to work. Box B, 300 Hayes.
A. COMPETENT experienced stenographer de-
slres position; references. A., box 2701, Call.
PERSONS wishing their children cared for by
the hour or day at their own homes while
attending teas, . operas or other social func-
tions, will find a competent nurse at 1402 Me-
.Mlister st. ; phone Page 1528. / *
! STRONG young woman would like work by
j the day; best of references. Address MRS
R. OLIVER, 2361 Lombard st.
YOUNG "woman wishes position as working
housekeeper; city or country. Box*2672, Call.
YOUNG, girl wishes situation as stenographer.
Address box 2654, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
{6 week; convenient and respectable; : free
bus and baggage to anl from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Klllmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. (subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
A SCOTCH couple; wife, first-class cook and
baker In all branches, thrifty and economical;
man, all-round work; country preferred. Box
2661, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman - and valet; single;
neat appearance; sober; uses no tobacco; will-
ing and obliging; expert horseman and driver;
very best references. Address box 2633, Cali..
PROFESSIONAL nurse; understands massage
and electric' treatment; speaks ' English,
French and German fluently; best of rcfer-
• ences. Box 2707, Call. ' , ' .
MIDDLE-AGED single man, about private
place; can milk cow; good gardener; clean
windows; low weges; best references. Box
2703. Call, office. •-.--. -
SITUATION wanted by colored man; private
family work; handy with horses or' Janitor
work or second cook; good references. 253
Jessie Bt. » .. ■: . '.-
ENGINEER experienced in burning oil wants'
position In or near city; references. Box 2602,
Call office. . --,--, ...
YOUNG, man wishes position as salesman or
shipping clerk; best of references. Box 2664,
'. Call office. ■■'■■' ■ - • • - - - .■:.-■
BARBER — Young man with 1 year's experi-
',. ence would ; like -chance to finish trade. F.
- MORLEY, 81 Natoma st : : .
YOUNG man of 25,* Danish, reliable and sober,
wishes work of any. kind; not acquainted in
.: city. Box 2709. Call office. .
POSITION wanted. by- young man (22). with ex-
perience in butcher business; speaks German.
Address box 2671, Call office.
BUTLER and valet; thoroughly experienced:
California, and Eastern references; English.
A. C_ box 2689, Call office.
MAN' and wife wish positions to cook for min-
ting company. =417%, Fifth st- l -''*:* '
MAN familiar with the city will drive and care
. for 1 or 2 horses. 'Box 2541, Call office.
_empl6ymext Wkted— male.
WANTED— Situation by middle-aged man cap-
able and willing- to work; good flgurer ana
' accountant, as ■ porter In wholesale house,
bookkeeper, timekeeper or such where trust-
worthy man . is required. . f Box 2645, Call.
A YOUNG married man. ten years' experience
railroad office work, rapid, accurate, desires
position; wholesale . house -preferred; ■ 8*ood
recommendations. Box 236S, Call, Oakland. ; ,
YOUNG man wishes a position as blacksmith's
helper; 6 months', course in Lick. School.
Box 2679. Call, office. "
YOUNG man would like to have light position, -
cigar , stand , • Dreferred, to work at after
' school. Box 2650, Call. ' ■ '. ' ,- ' '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st..
A BRANCH o?lce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions; has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. . • • ; . '
_^ _j_, AL. ■ '_'_■_ "_ _
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing etocks and bonds: companies incor-
porated; stocks and' bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and financed, : stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial - propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. »26 Post st.
NEW upper 6-room flat, finished attic; flne lo-
cation, view and grounds; northwest corner
Waller, and Portola, bet Pierce and Stelner.
O'FARRELL, 1035 — Modern flat, 6 : sunny
rooms, bath, ' yard and basement ; reasonable.
$42 50— SUNNY flat, 6 rooms, bath. 920 Ellis
st, near. Van Ness ave. ■ ■ .
SUNNY corner 7 rooms bath; very desirable;
perfect order: $32 month. 1800 O'Farrell st.
FLATS : TO LET — FURXISHED.
HAIGHT, 919— A nicely furnished parlor suite
with use of dining-room and kitchen.
FURXITURE FOR' SALE.
FOR sale— Completely - furnished 7-room ■flat,-
' partly rented; 4 rooms more than pay rent;
reasonable; leaving city. 334 Hayes st. ; no
agents. ' , . ' .
FURNITURE in nice sunny 6-room flat; 200
Hyde st,' cor. Turk, for sale cheap; rent $35.
Inquire on premises. :
FURNITURE of an elegant home for sale,
with- the privileges of renting. Box 2716,
Call office. . ■
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
PARLOR andbedroom'set; nearly new; cheap.
Inquire 700 Polk st. "■■ - .
, ! FURNITURE WAXTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market st; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Ked 1354.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis et; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
. '^
CHRISTMAS -present— Danlcheff glove order;
factory price guar. r kept In repair. 121 Grant.
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — 1 cooks, no washing. $30, $35; 6
second girls, $20, $25; chamberwork and sew-
ing, American family, $25; housework, 2 fam-
ily, sleep home,' $25; housework, Alameda,
$25; Oakland. $25; San Mateo. $25; cook for
Amador Co., see party here, $25; chamber
. maid, wait one meal, $20; restaurant wait-
ress. $5, $6, $8 week; all kinds of housework,
with and without washing at $20, $25. $30
per month. Apply to J. P. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st. ; - .
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO. ..Phone Main 1575
.HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress, $30; 8 waitresses, city and
country, $20 and $25; restaurant waitress, $8
week; chambermaid, country, $20. ...........
■ FAMILY DEPARTMENT
3 Cook, $30; 8 houseglrls, $25; houseglrl, $30;
' choice places, city and country, best wages..
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
A— NURSE for invalid lady in hotel, $20
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
WANTED— WORKING GIRLS and WOMEN to
learn halr dressing, manicuring, electrical
face massage, shampooing, dyeing and bleach-
ing, etc.; full course,* 3 weeks; tuition $3; posi-
tions positively guaranteed; 4 good positions
in fine stores now open to those entering Im-
mediately.- S. ,F. HAIRDRESSING COL-
' LEG 12, first and only school of the kind on
Pacific Coast; all others are imitators. S. F.
Halrdressing College, 233 Geary, rooms 13-15.
WANTED — In Ross Valley, second work and
waiting; Danish, Swedish or German girl
. preferred ;. wages $25. ' Call at 1630_ Jackson
• st. Wednesday. 11th, from 1 to 2 p. m.
EXPERIENCED nurse for sick lady; must
understand taking pulse and temperature;
state reference and terms. • C. P. C, ■ box
2714 Call office. .'
EXPERIENCED woman who understands un-
derwear to look over and give out -work. 656
Mission, st. third floor.
YOUNG ladies wanted as operators on incan-
descent lamps; experience unnecessary.. 509
Howard st • ,- . •
WANTED— Competent person to assist In care,
of infant 5 months old; Alameda; references.
Box 2704, Call office. . .■.-." 7
"WANTED — A young girl to assist in house-
work; wages' $12; must sleep at home. Apply
at 1801 Buchanan st, corner Sutter. "
WORKING housekeeper for the country; a good
home; light work; fair wages. Call at 1532
Polk at. ■ ■ •"- . . . '
AMATEUR, singers wanted. Apply at Chute»
at 6 o'clock tnls evening.
GIRL, 15 to 17 years, to assist in housework.
1323 Green at., near Polk. /.
STRONG young woman.' 2 hours per day. Box
2C83. Call. - - .
MARRIED woman or widow for a position re-
qulrlng stability. Box 2711. Call. .
10 LADIES for concert hall in country. Call
- 006 Market st.. room 17. .■ . ' .
GIRL to assist in housework. Apply 2012
Golden Gate ave.
APPRENTICE girl to work on coats: lm-
, mediately. Room 610, Examiner building.
AN unusual chance for flrst-class milliner.
Call at 303 Geary st., parlor floor. ■
WANTED — Good sewers; also apprentices.
120ft Hayes st.
EXPERIENCED nurseglrl for child 2 years
old. Apply 2604 Howard st.
OPERATORS at Lev! Strauss & Cb.'s Overall
• Factory, 32% Fremont st.; no experience
necessary; good pay, steady work. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Badly freckled yountr or middle-
aged woman of otherwise respectable ap-
pearance to act as demonstrator at these
parlors after free treatment; good wages;
. pleasant position. Room 62, Columbian bldg.
(opposite Emporium). ' "
WANTED— A young lady who is an experi-
enced wrapper and a young lady who I is an
experienced cashier. Apply between • 8 ■ and
11 a. m.. at HALE BROS'. .,
GIRLS, be Independent; entire course in halr-
dressing; 3 weeks, $5; materials furnished.
633 Ellis st.. ground floor.
APPRENTICE girl wanted. 14 to 16 years of
age, to' learn girl's branch of bookbinding.
F. MALLOYE, 422 Sacramento st - ■■ ■ *
WANTED— Protestant girl for general house-
work; wages $20. 2712 Folsom st. .
GIRL for general housework. 45 Bartlett st,
near Twenty-second.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted; $8 week.
People's Restaurant, 631 Clay st.
GOOD pants finishers; good pay; call ready to
work. 1000 Harrison st. ,' corner Sixth. , ;
GIRL wanted for downstairs ■■' work ; ■ must be
good cook;, wages $25. * I1S0 O'Farrell st. ■
j FINISHERS on custom coats; also apprentica
girls. 304 Tehama st. />
WANTED-Experlenced salesladies. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m.. at HALE BROS'.
CLASSIFIED advertisements an. subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .....
-HELP/ WAIVTEP MALE.
AT c7 R. HANSEN & CO.'S- . . 104 Geary at.
; Head cook, hotel, $75 ; head cook, $66 ; sec-
. .ondrcook, $35, hotel, city; lunch man, city,
$40; second cook, restaurant. $60; butcher,
country shop, $30 to $35 ; night . scrubber for
- kitchen, first-class - country - hotel, - $35 - and
fare paid, 1 see party here.- * '
-C.R. HANSEN &CO. ....... 104 Geary 8t.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay st. i
2 boiler makers,:, short .Job, country," $3 "to
$3 50 a day and fare paid -both ways; 'rough
carpenter. : week's work, $2 a day; harness
> maker for ranch, $35 and found;, farmer 'for
'vineyard, - Napa \ County, . $26 ; • young German
/.'to learn butcher, business, |15 and found.; ■
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery rm. 12.
, 'Walter,^ $30; pastry cook, $75. country-
HELP WANTED— -MALE--Con.
MURRAY & READY. Phone Main 5848
Leading, Employment : and Labor. Agents .
.....OFFICE OPEN 7. a. m. TO-DAY. .....
. Carriage trimmer, . country shop, ' $3 a day;
' rough carpenter, $2 a day ; choreman, Santa
Clara County, $20; stableman, country. $30;
10 plow teamsters aDd ranch hands, $26 and
$30; 3 machinists, tcity.
..........HOTEL DEPARTMENT....
Cook and wife, camp, $80 and fare paid;
cook and helper, country, $45 and $35 and
found, fare, paid; baker, country shop, $10
' week and found; steaward. country hotel;
waiter. $10 a week and found; butcher,
country,- $30 and found; 4 cooks; 3 waiters.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FRUIT farmer and wife, $40: first-class gar-
dener; man about place, $30; 2 milk wagon
drivers, $30 and $40; carriage blacksmith,
: $3 to ?3 50 a day; 3 laborers for grubbing.
I $20 and found; bootblack, for country, $10 a
week;; cooks, waiters and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton st ■
3 Scandinavian or/ German farmhands, $25
a month, fare $1 25; ranch blacksmith. SH5;
second cook, hotel, $60; cook, plain hotel,
near city, $40; porter, country hotel, $20;
butler, $50, etc. .
THREE flrst-class coat makers for the coun-
try. J. BAUMGARTEN* & CO.. 7 Mont-
. gomery st; . •
WANTED— Several capable men and women:
good , pay; light work; short hours. 109
Fifth st., room 1. •
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop for sale; rent cheap;
living rooms if desired. 1220 Market st,
. Oakland.: ,
WANTED— First-class bread and cake bakers,
no fee. -127 Mason st. . ,• •
SCHOOLBOY- about 14 to carry evening pa-
pers. 315 Grant ave., 3:30 p. m.
BA-RBER for afternoon Saturday and Sun-
day; steady job for right man. 904 Bryant.
FREIGHT car builders wanted. . Apply J. '
HAMMOND & CO., Second and Townsend.
DRUG clerk wanted. 74 Jackson st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sts.
.BOOTBLACK wanted; steady job. 809 Cali-
fornia st. . . .
WANTED — Strong boy for carpenter shop. 459
Stevenson st. , .
WANTED — A good tailor for busheling at 625 \
Commercial st. _ ,' ■ ■ ■ . \ \
LUNCH waiter wanted at 107 Berry st; call !
10 a. m. t - .
BOY to carry morning newspaper in Western
•Addition. Box 2713, Call. . j
WANTED— A first-class dishwasher at Tivoli
Cafe. 18 Eddy st. ; $35.
COOK wanted. 528 Fourth st.
BOY wanted in plumbing shop. 2961 Folsom
street <o..'
BARBERS— Wanted, shop with living-rooms,
in country. Write particulars box 2718. Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber; steady work to right
man. 2503 Folsom st.
WANTED — Gardener for nursery; steady work.
Inquire 3041 Baker st.,. Pacific Nursery.
WANTED — Experienced bedmaker. Apply 529
- Sacramento st.
COOK wanted. 521 Kearny st.
$100 BUYS ,# interest in paying horseshoeing
shop. Box 2717, Call office.
AN errand boy (14 or 15 years of age) by a
< large manufacturing concern; must be neat,
obedient and intelligent; reside with parents
and furnish satisfactory references as to hon-
esty and respectability. Address Errands,
box 2655, Call office. City. ■
WANTED— Recruits for, the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the agea of 21 and 35; not
lees than 6 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
WANTED— Reliable young man with some
cash; light indoor work; $15 week; steady
place; no experience; only those meaning
business need apply. BROWN, 1221 Market.
WANTED— A competent man to take charge of
a fruit and produce ranch of 300 acres. Ad-
dress, with references. C. O. PERRY, room
1406, Claus Spreckels bids., San Francisco.
WANTED— Air" East Indian who thoroughly
understands the making and serving of cur-
ries; will pay good wages to experienced
man.. Box 2653, Call. . y
BARBER shop . in country: running 3 chairs
I and 2 baths; established 20 years; a bargain.
,-DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis at. 4*
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue - free. , MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. ;.;;-. ■.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver .House, 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Young man who is a flrst-class silk
and dress goods salesman. Apply between 8
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
wrapper. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.
WANTED— First-class machinists and iron
molders. '505 Mission st.
YOUTH— Experienced in men's furnishings;
steady position. Box 2669, Call.
$100 CASH— Good-paying 2-chalr shop with liv-
ing rooms. 1025 Howard st.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
BOO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
SOc up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard at. nr. 5thl
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
FOR SALE— Barber shop, 3 chairs. Apply 107&
Fifth «t. . - . ■■ .
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission at., bet 1st and 2d Bts.
McDONALD &. PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; SOc up. 241 Third st
YOUNG men to. learn barber trade;, catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, 3. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER, House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c bight; reading. rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office' for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions baa been established at 1096
Valencia st. . „ ..— ■'-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
' • HORSES^MD^WAGOKS. _^_
DO not fail to attend the special auction aale
. .Wednesday, Dec. >11. at 11 a. m.. at the Ar-
cade Horse Market, 327 Sixth st JOHN, J.
DQYLE. Auctioneer. ■
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck.Vone 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.". 48 Eighth st.
HORSE. $12 50; horse, $25; coal wagon, $40;
■ icecream wagon, ., $20. 79 City Hall ave. .
FULL line German Government horses always
unhand. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
TWO horses, about 2900, harness* and 4-ton
:- wagon complete; a bargain. 1220A Alabama.
SOME fine gentle carriage and driving 'horses
for sale at 721 Howard st. -
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 Q. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, ■ bugglea, carts, haroeaa,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission 'at
AN A No. 1 , express • wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for, sale, cheap. 533 Mission.
HOUSES^ TO LET.
A^P^INT^D^TiaTTio^ises^toTetV^Benor f or '" c!£
■• cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
WEBSTER, 2814, : near Green — Furnished or
unfurnished nine (all sunny) room house : - 2
■ baths; large laundry; large sunny sheltered
yard. ■
CASTRO, 809 — Modern house of 9 sunny rooms;
fine view; garden: large basement: washtubs.
ON Presidio Heights— House • of 8 rooms and
bath. $40. ' Inquire at 3321 Clay st. ,
■^ LOST ■. AND^ FOUXp._ _; ___---
LOST — On Gough St., near Fell, a small dia-
mond pin, valued as a keepsake. Finder will
■ be rewarded by . returning same to 302 Fell
street. ■
LOST— Scotch collie dog. Return to 2676 Folsom
St.. and receive reward. . ■
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
I and .Loan Society ■■ of ~ San Francisco, In tba
name of HARRIET WOOD, No. 62-247. The
; finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A* pass book with the Hibernia Savings
• and , Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
"name of MARGARET HOLLICY,' No. 210-581.
, The finder, will please . return to the bank. ■ ?
LOST— In San ' Francisco Bay, near Point San
Quentln, a large net A reward of $20 will
be paid for Its return to San Quentln or in-
formation-leading to its: recovery- by JOHN
GEORGE" and ANDREW , SOFICH1CI.
$20 REWARD— Gold hunting case watch, scal-
loped edge, name engraved. 2111 Hearst ave.;
..Berkeley. - :
FOUND — Black and ■* tan Gordon bitch. Can
have same at Montgomery Market, 735 Mar-
ket st.j'S. F., by. paying for ad. ,
LOST AXD FOCNb— Contln n»if.
$20 REWARD— Palace of Art. 16 Post round
■ magnifying glass: broken rim; no questions.
IT will' pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter it. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
ENSIGN Machine Works, 415^4 Sacramento at,
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4, 8, 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
"~~ MATRIMOXIAL. ,
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry • wealthy
ladles send 10c for list Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellla.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; hones* work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st:
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in aU
cases taken; the most obstinate ■ cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market at, opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET is a graduate of toe Royal
University of Berlin in midwifery cases; takes
ladles before and during confinement, with the
best of care; Infants adopted; -Till take two
to work at my private residence, on 608
Guerrero st., near Eighteenth; phone Blue 411.
MRS. M. WEGENER.Tadles* physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
, home in confinement 210 Eddy st, near
Taylor, formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years' experience In midwifery caaes; pri-
vate home before and during confinement 410
O'Farrell st. near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.,
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market St., S. F. ■
THE original MRS. DAVIES ls still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles*
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; well-
known and reliable; home for patients before
and during confinement. 906 Market, opp. 4th.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES AXD MIXIXG.
MINES AND MINING.
WARNING.
We are informed that certain parties. . taking
advantage of the success attending the Mon-
tezuma Mining Company of Washington, for
whom we are sole agents, are offering the
shares of another corporation of the same or
similar name at a fraction of the value of
genuine Montezuma shares. While there, may
be some genuine offerings intending buyers
should be on their guard. Montezuma shares
(the kind sold by us) are gradually climbing
toward pari and— mark the prediction— they will
earn more money In the next five years than
any other mining shares on this market. A
prospectus of the genuine Montezuma Mining
Company for the asking. THE AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO.. Selling Agents.
328 Montgomery st. (Price advances Dec. 15.)
MISCEL^AXEOIJS— - FOR JALE.^
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
y in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission st, above Sixth; write for catalogue.
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
and Retail; Special for Xmas; Children's
Toy Furniture Setts.
■-.■- •■■-;■ UYEDA CO.. 423 and 424 Gem— • at. ..
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny at., near Pine.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery St.:
NEW and 2nd hand boilers, engines, pump's,
pipe and supplies. H. 8. White. 516 Mission.
FOR sale — Parlor and dining-room sets. Apply
at 91 Ninth St.. MRS. LODERHOSE.
FOR SALE— A flne watchdog: genuine Dane. 9
Delgardo Place, off Hyde st. '
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER A HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mlsalon at
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 139 Beale st
TURQUOISE diamond ring worth $50. only $28.
Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
lingd safe, perfect order. 216 California, st.
SAFES»-New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny st, rm. 29.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
MISCELLAXEOUS WANTS.
-WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Box 1205. Call office.-
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
&sold. SUverman, 984 Folsom ;teI.Folsom 1191.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
HElR_AirTinmpliY71oTlixl^
$4,500,000 at lowest rates
on first and second mortgages
Life interests In estates
Pronerty being held in trust
- Undivided Interests in real estate
..Life. insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bldg.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
.$300,000 at 0% & 6 per cent in sums to ault;
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
Second .mortgages, life insurance and securi-
. ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT. !
First, second and third mortgages....
Undivided interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my term* before doing business elMwher*
. R. McCOLGAN
....U Montgomery at. room 3
'ON. real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal; any
amount; lowest rates; no delay; open even-
ings 7 to 8. Becker & Co, 927 Mkt, rm. 613.
ANY, amount, lowest rates on mortgages, es-
tates, legacies, undivided \ interests, chattel
mtgs. etc: enterprises of merit also sought.
D. J. HALLORAN. 206 Kearny at. room 314.
i A RELIABLE corporation established In 18S3-
; proper place to borrow money on diamonds
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant ave.. nr. Mrkt; teL Black 547L
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 84S Mark*t
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods in warehouse, etc. :any amount -low-
est rates; private. Ormsby. 28 Montgomery at
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave near
Geary «t. ; phone Red 16™ '
hBBBSbPSS^S ~~~ *
CASH loaned to salaried peonje on note with
out indorser or on mortgage at « per cent n"l
annum. MORRELL. 609 ExamlneV buUdinj!
LOWEST: rates on furniture, etc. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal.. Room 8. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jone«.
LOWEST rates on fumlture,planos;no removal-
no commis. R.2. 1118 Mrkt; tel.- Fofcom 4«»! j
3% on ' furniture . and pianos ; • $15— up - no _». j
moval; open evenings. Room 81. 6 Eddy" at.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commis.; confidential. .Whltehead. 1710 Market !
ON salaries, N. Y. plan; Indorsed naner dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 32ll>arrott bUj£.
___________H__iS_^i?: ■ ' " ■ ,-
MO"BY TO LOAN— ConllnnH.
ON furnituie, pianos: no removal: mon«y
quick : lowest interest: *asy terms: no broker-
age: reliable party. 11T0 Market at., room 68.
ON country real estate, furniture, pianos; low-
est rate; no removal. 927 Market St.. rm. 208.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 119 McAllister st.
ONE per cent en furniture: 13 a month on each
$1000; any security. 802 Montgomery st. r. L
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it A. E. RUPELL..222 Sansoma st.
ON SALARIES without Indorser: other propo-
attlona. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phe;an big-
LOANS money on salary; no 1ndor*er: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 303 Ph<»ian bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WE have just received the latest designs In art
pianos a great assortment In Sohmer. Byron
Mauzy and Lester Pianos. BYRON MACi-Y,
308 Post st. -
A GRAND concert, every afternoon. . 2 to J, by
Cecilian Piano Player at BYRON MALZY fa,
SOS-310-312 Post st. ■
CHRISTMAS Specials In small musical Instru-
ments Guitars. Violins. Mandolins. Banjos;
bargains In all makes. BYRON MAUZY.
308 Post st '
SELECT your Christmas Pianos now; we de-
liver for Christmas present at your order.
BYRON MAUZY, 308-310-312 Post St.
A LOT of slightly used pianos, $30 up. Re-
member we are open evenings until Christ*" 1
mas. ' BYRON MAUZY. 3C8-310-312 Post st.
IF you want to pay only $75 or $100 or $123
for a piano call on us at once, as we have
them at that price. If you prefer a good
new piano «t a low price, we have them from
$190 up. We carrv the Wissner. Decker A
Son. Baumeister, Steger and Singer, and all
are worth more than the price- sold for. Re-
member that we are making special low
prices on all pianos sold during the holiday*.
The Simplex piano player is the very be*t
thing for a present. Call on us and hear
them play. THK MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
769 Market st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock.
both new and second-band, 's the largest w?.s>t
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of J6 per month: some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
M-VN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Plans
Co., sole agents most famous and oldest
American makes: easy payments: bis allow-
ance for second-hand pianos: rents $2 up »l-
lowefi; bargains. $25 up: Steinways. $185:
Chickerlngs, $133: SO others; Grands for
• rent; agents wanted; open evenings. 217
Geary st. *
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $33 up.
Second-hand square planes from $50 up.
■ Second-hand orjrans from X25 up; new upright
pianos from $173 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON IS to 20 O*Farrell. Checkering. Masoa
& Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano. $S5; six-octav»
Mason & Hamlin organ, $30: . Steinway
square. $100- elegant burl walnut Cameron .
upright, used only few months. $275: Been- J
stein baby grand, almost new. BOWERS &
SON. 23 Fifth St.; IVERS & POND, Agents.
ANY (piano sold by os taken back any tima
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 OTarreil
■ st. ; established 1S30. _
EXCITING bargains— Three cars new high-
grade pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
realize advances and storage; dirt cheap (In-
stallments); open evenings until 9:30. WIL-
SON*S Storage. 1710 Market at.
THE WTLEY B. ALLF.N CO.. 933 MARKET. *
PIANOS THE BEST.
PRICES THE LOWEST.
PIANO free; party will give use of piano t»
party who will try to sell it. R. 36. 217 Geary.
UNEEDA a piano for the holidays; rent one:
total cost $5. 560 Hayes st.
Magnificent high-grade upright piano: 3 pedals;
sacrifice: party going East. 773 O'Farrell st
$650 UPRIGHT left on sale: price $155. R. 33."
217 Geary at. •
$125— SCHLEIP uprizht. excellent condition.
$75; Erard upright. Hornung. 216 McAllister.^
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. n.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 1 Latham place.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ, M McAllister at -
AT KEEFFE"S, 21 Turfc st. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert nn<\ Ftetr.iray bargains.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
TO let or lease at low rent — Store and cement-
ed basement 25xS0 feet. In brick house on
Sacramento street, near Montgomery, by
JOHN PFORR. 4Ki Pine st.
$25 — STORE 105ft Howard, with large yard;
best business block. Apply at store.
OIL.
OIL tanks. second-han«J. In gocd order: all
Mzc»: oheap. H. P. WHTTK. S1< Mission »t.
PAIXTERS AXD •
ROOMS papered from *7 up: whitening done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 313 Third; tel. Reg 3521.
PALMISTRYv
H JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor at. bet Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
NEERGAARD, president St. Germain Coll»?».
reads from 1 to 4. 700 Poat:-Phone K-rfl* 2S33.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
PENSION advice free; general practitioner.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Kxamlner bldic.
pEItso:fA3L|St
ARTISTIC halrdressing, 25c, manicuring* 23c.
gents' manicuring 50c, by experts; beat hair
work at reasonable prices; baths, most ele-
gant in city. 25c; our specialties, scalp treat-
ment and face massage; Patti Beauty Cream -
SOc; headquarters for genuine Farina Cologne;
dainty Russian tea served free to all visitors
at the BON-TON. 324 Post st
AN elegant line of remnants for sulU to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L, LEMOS. 1117 Market
st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
BEADS— Ladies desiring beads and jewels of
all descriptions for making different kinds of
fancy work, now in vogue, will do well to call
and examine the Immense assortment at ET-
TINGER'S, 723 Market st.
LACE curtains laundered with neatness and
dispatch; first-class work; prices reasonable;
work called for and delivered. Send card or
drop your order at 413 Third s*.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; prlco
$2 50 per bottle. For circulars. Pinus Med. *
Co.. 73-1 Valencia St.. S. F. : tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Tihrd St.. near Market; 700 rooms-
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by u«in<r Standard Patterns; Nov^ patterns
and The Cosigner now ready. J. W. EVANS
Domestic office, 1021 Market st, near Sixth."
POSITIVE cure for drunkenness, opium and
morphine habits, Mooser Co. Gold Cure; many
testimonials; direction to give secretly; pries
$5. Address U125 Geary at. San Franclacu.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; lateat
Continental methods; electric roleau; superflu-
ous hair removed by electrolysis. Mme. Zephey
Kla-ora. parlors 330 Sutter; phone Black 132i
RARE and unique presents for the holidays at
The Old Curiosity Store. 118 Geary at.. NAT
RAPHAEL; novelties of every description.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING ,
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway. {
I DO the best halrdressing ..i the city; 23c for
ai i?r^ tyle: you recelv e polite attention. G.
LEDERER. T23 Stockton at. x *
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st
A; r^ y a 0U T halr ls fallin S or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S. Moore. 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
M v* .? rl 5fs— Superfluous halr. moles removed
by electric needle. 963 Sutter: tel. Larkin EUt
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlgi:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 723 Mrkt
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's" theatr£
cal coatumer. 26 O'Farrell: country orders.
D S; LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN P AIN'T.
the beat corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
' A L*i?? D H MS E *yp tla n Henna; restores gray
: hair to its natural xrelor; $1; at all druggists.
6 % M t?« A W -o nt^ to order 8Ults *"• « Per week.
i . NEUHAU3 & CO.. tailors. 113 Kearny at.
T^ e °t R 6St A h?n E g gg for,™: B^grgg
0 bo D ug*h o t ld - f y-jSsag r u st 9toncs
--^^ISl^^j^ 1 * "SURGEONS. .'
Wlfr Market »t. between Sixth and Seventh.
D [r«)); O . J ?i G^ HIM - be 5 b doctor - successful??
treats all diseases of the human body ml
1 testimonials at office. 115-117 MlsonT^r. Silts! I
7M-76B Clay st.: so testimonials at office.
I PLANING AND TURNING MILLS.nEUi ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE, j
e¥.-TO X. ELlHuDGir^Co7r~~~~~"~
A U g T 1 O ft^" StreeU
TirnSDAY ...^December 17. 1901
At Our Salesroom. CSS Market Street.
At tt O clock Noon.
BBOOXD PT. IMPROVED PROPERTY
N.,rtheatt.Fide. of Fecond et.. 137:6 southeast
of Hrannan— Improvements consist of 12 flats of
5. 6 rooms and a proeery on Second St.; also 18
cottage* of 4 rooms each on Rincon ave.; rents
foSSS per annum; large lot.- 137-6x235 feet
:■ rough to Japan Et.
HAIGHT ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY
South side (Nos. 125-137) Haight st *S7«
.ect east _ of Lapuna— Two fine substantial
house* of 6. 8 room* and bath each: rents $72 50
per month; let 50xS7:6.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS
North side <Nos. 78-78^) Elliott Park. «0 *eet
SS* cf ,, St(?in<> '- st.. and between Geary and
O Farrell sts-Two nice flats of 4. 5 rooms and
ba;h; rents £3 per month; lot 22x70 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT
Southeast side (Nos. 825-9254) Natoma St.. 125
feet northeast of Eleventh-Two front flats 4
5 rooms and bath, and a rear cottage 4 rooms'-
rents ISO per month; lot 25x75 feet. roolns>
POINT LOBOS AVE. INVESTMENT
North side < 318-320-2^) Point Lobossvf «v»
of 7 De^ms er a7d Al b l Z"" 1 ?' wilI^ u '» *™*
w^; I tot n axU7*6 feeu "* basemenl : cement
„ . MISSION HOME
'• MISSION FLATS
|VrT,r we »-bu»t fiats of 5. 6 rooms;
rents J30 per month; lot 25x100 feet. : .
Kn, !^ TT ,-, LA ? I i ASSOCIATION LOTS.
G n ,,t*£ n ? ICE SUNNYSIDE IjOTS. !
southwest corner Sunnyside ave. and Baden
weit a if 0 H^ Ith ■♦"%£? Sun °y»We ™? Wftet
west of Baden 6t.-Three lots, 25x100 feet each.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market St. ]
EABTON. ELDRIDGE & CO
£3S Market st.
MmL.^ PAKHANDLE FLATS.
J10.000— Three new modern flats of 6-7 room*
end bath; all the latest modern up-to-
k ??/.« dea^ are to be founfl In this
biilldlng; just completed; rents J97 50
per month; lot 25x112:6 feet.
58.600— A handsome home of 10 rooms and bath
and a cottage of 4 rooms and bath; on
Sanchez, near 21st at.; fine large*
grounds, with aji elegant view of the
city and bay; the land consists of two
lota. 101x114 feet each, and has three
•^fj street frontages.
HARRIET-ST. FLATS.
$5.500— Six well-built flats of X rooms each-
present low rent cays $608 per annum:
lot 60x75 feet; flats of this character in
this location are eaally rented.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE
£S,000— Make offer; handsome modern up-to-
date house of s rooms and bath; near
Park Panhandle; fine stable and good
cottage In rear; situated In the middle
of a fine large 60-foot lot; a rare chance
for a physician.
PATS OVER SO PER CENT PER ANNUM.
Only $500 cash reouired; 4 well-built flats of
2 rooms each; new plumbing; this Is a
bargain that cannot be duplicated.
MTTST BE BOLD.
S3.7£S— nanflsome modern residence of 8 rooms'
• . end bath on a northeast corner: near
• Haigbt and Broderlck ets.; magnificent
' k panoramic view of the city; a great op-
portunity to make a quick turn; lot 26 J
xSC:3 feet.. - - • .
WESTERX ADDITION COTTAGE OX TOUR
OWN TERMS.
J4.250— Handsome cottace of 6 rooms and bath;
modern: on the north side of Waller
st. near Ecott; no tog or wind; lot 25:9
xlS7:6 feet.
GtTERRERO-ST. RESIDENCE.
I3.2C0— A substantial well-built residence of 7
rooms and bath ; near 22d st. ; this prop-
erty has been reduced from J4000 end
must be sold, u -■
1* NOTE.
Y Settlements on the above sales will be made
■ " after the finrt of the year, after the several
.' eavlnss banks declare their dividends.
EASTON. ELBBirXJK & CO., "
C38 Market et.
TO LEASE
North Sloe
Pacific Heights
Residence Completely Furnished
THOMAS MAGEE & BONS.
S Montgomery et.
FOR BALE
15-room residence North Slfle Pacific Heights.
Furnished or unfurnished
$23,000 unfurnished •.
THOMAS MAGEE A EONS.
S Montgomery et.
XEW modern bouse 7 rooms, larre basement
end yard; sun ell day. Cor. Waller end Por-
tcla ft*., bet PUrc* and Stelner.
CHEAPEST end best In America— The Weekly
VCall. IS pages, sent to any address in the
'United States or Canada one year for 51.
postage paid.
REAL, ESTATE^-^OUarTRY.--.For Sale
—FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO-^-
V Bxsall tracts, $£0 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cctati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Saa Francisco Is crowing rapidly: location
be*t for poultry and general farming;. Apply
■ to The Cotatl Co.. SOX California et.. for pam-
phlets end information.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for Bale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petalnme. CeL
JLLAMEDA ADYEETISEMENTS.
/_
■ ALAMEDA RE AX ESTATE.
BARGAINS: Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: U cash. Bank of Ala
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
12 HOMES, ranging In prlcea from $2000 to
S3000 on terms of from ISO to JI00 down, all
In the course of construction; ell modem end
have from 6 rooms end bath up to S rooms end
bath; situated on the local Berkeley road,
giving th* same service end time as the Oak-
land local from Seventh and Broadway to
Pf-» Francisco. Further information - apply
A. J. EKYDER,
467 Ninth st, Oakland, CaL
Or Breach Office
a. jTentder.
AdeUa* Station. Berkeley.
C22S0— A WELL-BUILT house of • rooms and
baXh, near the station, on sunny side of street;
a. bargain.
** C509— New S-rtory house of » rooms; thor-
oughly modern In every respect; near electrlo
railroad.
House of 6 rooms end bath, east of railroad,
between Dwtgrbt way and Berkeley stations. •
Apply to JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate. Berke.
ley station.
LARGE corner lot, 100x100, northeast corner
University eve. end Curtis St.. Berkeley; ce-
ment eldewalk; street accepted; cost owner
13400. will sell for J1250, half cash; need
jyioney. Apply 130 Sixth St.. San Francisco.
and beet In America— The Weekly
Kill 16 peeea, Bent to eny address In th«
Cslted Elates .or Canada oa» year for }L
portage paid.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKIiAW) REAL ESTATE.
•3780— ON -west tide of Union st.. near Four-
teenth* have Just completed one of Oakland's
. prettiest homes; location none better; see It
you will buy it. mm.
«67 Ninth St.. Oakland. CaL
•WILL offer a corner on which you can erect
eZu which will return 1% per cent per month
ca mooey Invested. - gNTDER.
f. <CT Ninth tt, Oakland. CeL
X2000— NEW 6-room cottage, modern and con-
venient; lot 60x100; street sewered, macadam-
ized and sldewalked; two minutes' walk from
car Une. For term, apply^ ; BNTDER>
i , 4C7 Ninth Bt.. Oakland, Cal.
NEW S-etory house, same vicinity; convenient
and pretty; «ee this property at once.
At reasonable prices— Homes, lots, business
property for sale in all parts of Oakland and
vicinity. a. J. ENidbk.
m Ninth et.. Oakland. Cal.
6. \. DODGE A BON. ~~~ ~~~
1160 Broadway. Oakland.
»a60-Scmething extra nice in the way of
a modern up-to-date, brand new borne in Oan-
Uad out toward Berkeley; lot" 60x125; 7 rooms
•fid bath. Call and let us enow you this.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAXn ItEAl. K.STATE.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
' " SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. .
_ SPECIAL BARGAINS.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED, EFFORTS TO SELL.
READ THIS.
*18.500 — Business corner: Just the location for
a bank; choicest location In Berkeley. Since- we ;
secured our contract a $40,000 business block
going up; the new Postofflce has leased adjoin-
ing premises for 10 years; present Income $900
per annum; no leases; believe we can get $1500
per annum. . :
A Genuine Investment.
LAYMA_NCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 4C2 Eishth st.. Oakland.
AN ELEGANT HOMe!
, MUST BE SOLD (READ THIS).
Near Senator Perkins' mansion, Vernon
Heights. We offer lovely modern Gothic style,
built for a home; 9 rooms; porcelain bath: elec- j
trie appliances; fine mantels (one cost $250); ,
interior superb order; barn; choice garden; j
large double frontage lot: present price In-
j eludes $800 worth fine new 5-months-old carp*ts ]
(would sell at a bargain elegant Flemish carved
oak dining-room set. value $1000); property :
mortgaged. $5000 can remain; cost over $10,000; :
reduced to $7250: we possibly can get further I
reduction to close sale this week.
Forcing sale — First come, first served. Our
instructions are to sell.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
, 460 and 462 ElshUi st., Oakland.
A SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY. .
SPECIAL SNAP: ON SMALL PAYMENT.
A contractor has two Ideal new 8-room
homes, with fiat loans of $3000 and $3500 on
each; to save paying Interest and rather than
rent, and to get his working capital out, has'
authorized us to obtain immediate offer over
present loans. We have eold 3 to prominent
Oakland merchants and a lawyer, who have a
quick knowledge of their value; located close
in: superb neighborhood: C00 feet of several
$25,000 homes; no choicer home neighborhood:
stop paying rent; if you have not much money,
see us; we will arrange balance; don't delay;
call at once, while seller is anxious to sell. We
strive to offer good values.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
$22.000— PALATIAL MANSION.
"Beautiful for situation," possessing advan-
tages of near remoteness and accessible seclu-
sion; only one year constructed; a rare home
offerlns:.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 462 Eighth st.. Oakland.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
DETERMINED EFFORTS TO SELL.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
OAKLAXD COTTAGES TO LET.
EUNNY lower flat. 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice th-ouEh,*ut; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
. ave. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth ets.. come within 1 block. Call or
address 1659 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAXD FPRXITCRE *|?*JL SALE -
AN Introduction to you from H. Scbellhaas the
furniture dealer. 11th end Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLA.VD HOUSES WASTED.
ABOUT 8 rooms, furnished, near car line; Ver-
non Heights. Address box 2365. Call. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FIFTH. S48— Suite of rooms for housekeeping;
rent cheap.
HAIGHT. 222 — 3 perfectly appointed house-
ltpg. rnu. for couple; sunny: alcove: phone.
JACKSON. 020, near Mason— Furnished large
room; 2 -beds;- grate or housekeeping-; $9.
JONES, 614 — Nicely furnished parlor floor of 8
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
MASOX, Eli — Nicely furnished rooms; also
housekeeping.
McALLISTER, 630 — Ono large sunny front
room; gaa range, laundry; $10.-
MISSION. 2015— Two rooms complete for house-
keeping for man and wife, and no children.
OAK. UJV— 2- jsunny -large., parlors;, furnished ;
heavy housekeeping; gas; 2 beds; $16.
OCTAVIA. 1403, cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
connecting parlors; mantel, gas stove, closet.
TWELFTH, 12 — 2 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; rent $8.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established" at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unf am.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached: 75c day upward; ra/es
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth-Room^
2Sc to $1 per night; $1 25 to ?5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1126 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed ran., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 2519B— 2 nicely sunny furnished
rooms; reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 201 Ellis, corner Mason-Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 82L Mozart — Nicely furnished rooms;
S&c. <1 60 night; $1 60. $0 wk; open all night.
FOLSOM. 743— Large sunny front parlor suit-
able for 3 gentlemen; also single; rent cheap.
FOURTEENTH. 66J. corner Market-Unfur-
nlshed front parlor In new flat; bay-window.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 1137— Sunny furnished rooms, en eulto
or single.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 21 Turk
et.. near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
69c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk «t.
McALLISTER. 835— A furnished sunny front
rooms, with bath and gas.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
' bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, E61, near Second— Large front room
suitable for two. - • ■
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 85c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec, lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL. 638, near Jones— Pleasant room,
$6 month. ■■ . -.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par.
lor: rooms, per night. 25c to $1 60; week. $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground
floor;- rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
8HERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 822— A eunny suite and singles,
neat and clean; bath, phone; prices low.
BUTTER. 220% (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; elnglea. t2 to |5 per week; transient.
TURK, 643 — Sunny furnished room; grate, gas
and bath; $10 per month; private.- -
ROOMS AKD BOARD.
SUNNY parlor suites, suitable for couple or 3
young men; board optional; private- family;
north of and ten minutes' walk from Market.
"Phone East 713."
HOTEL Dennlston. cor. Valencia and 21st sta-
in the "Warm Belt": free from prevailing
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class.
THE Irvlngdale, (26 Eddy— Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board. (60; single rooms
with board, $22 60 up; excellent table.
THE Plerpont. 418 Ellis— Everything new; most
elegantly furnished apartments; first-class
dining-room.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HOTEL Repelier, .781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL NIara. • 615 Taylor— Nicely fur. i-msT;
running water; excellent- board; reasonable.
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny rooms with
board. 316 Eddy st.
PINE. 793— Large parlor suite; also single
rooms; excellent board; very moderate.
ROOMS AXD IIOAnD WANTED.
WAJTTED — To. exchange first-class Instruction
Cl »~Lno for board in Mission. Box 2712. Call.
ROOMS -IVAJfTED. " *>.t-;:,
TWO sunny housekeeping rooms; must be rea-
sonable. State particulars, box A, 300
Hayt-s st-
2 OR 3 unfurnished room* wanted: must be
near Woodward's Gnrdens. Box 2C59, Call.
2 UNFURNISHED rooms" south of Market;
state price. Box 2, 800 Hayes st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1901;
' RUPTURE SANITARIUM. . : ;VC-.
RUPTURE Toured at HUNTER'S SANITA- '
RIUM. 1206 Market «.: treatment free: only ;
Invention In the world that will not torture.;,
NOTICES. _ _
NOTICE— Abandoned children in Roman Cath-' !
ollc Orphan Asylum, since July. 1900: Emma
Breig, age 12 years: Carrie Brelg; age 8 years;
EHzth Wlnthrop. ar- 10 years; Grace Wln-
throp. age 2 years. • '
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city ' or country.- PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. S580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, eold, rented, exchange; re-
■ pairing; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145:6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell Ets. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 MIs-
Elon St.; tel. Howard 9U. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main ,1840: shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
G RE AT~li ARGAINS~1n" T YPE^W^TERi^We
tell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. C36 California;' telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors -.estimate free. 209 Sangome.
WANTED— TO BUY - "
ROOMING-HOUSE. 20 to 30 rooms; or to rent—
large unfurnished flat. M. S. Blount, 119 Jones.
i FOUR Oil Company — Dividend No. 5 will be
' - payable December 10. 1901, at the office of
! the secretary, room 23, third floor. Mills
! building.. CHARLES MUSAUS. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau," consulta-
tion free; In bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go. into court.'
Room 611. Examiner bldg.; phone -Black 3604.
_ V PROPOSALS.
BIDS Wanted— Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome St.,
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY. December 21, 1901. and opened
immediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for- furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplied for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
* tion Yountville), for six months commencing
January 1, 1902, and ending June 30, 1902.
Schedules with Information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless It is
in accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Klnne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a good and valid contract upon
• notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified.
Address J. .J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Call-
fornia, room 13. 320 Sansome st.. San -Fran-
cisco. Cal. By order of the Board of Direct-
ors. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Antone A. Ulrlch, 41. 730 Geary street, and
Emma Svensen, 37, 407 Steiner street.
Max Frank. 34. city. and Wllhelmlne
Bracker. 20. Newark. Ohio. '
William R. Archer, 22, 649 Howard etreet,
and Cora Dlckson, 21, Vallejo.
Emerson Dykeman, 85, Vallejo, and Nellie
F. Mokler, 83, city.
Ralph Sanders, 21, San Diego, and Mamie
Handy. 21, Vallejo. . .
Martin H. Casey. 24, Oakland, and Carrie
de la Guerra, 21, 1S15 Fifteenth avenue.
Richard E. H. Guderlan, S2, 619 Eddy etreet,
and Caroline Schlosser, 28, city.
Pletro Pesl, 29, Santa Cruz, and Fortunata
Tognetti, 27, 12 Ohio street.
James J. Bradshaw, 23, Stockton, and Jen-
nie Anson, 24, city. . .
Harry Loewenimth. 28. 1029 O'Farrell street,
and Lillian W. Thompson, 22. 1929 O'Farrell.
Benedetto Blasottl, 26, 215 Broadway, and
Vlttorla Ronconl, 18, 215 Broadway. . . — .
William Tlernan, 29, 325 Tehama "Street, and
Marguerite Horn, 23, city.
William Crowley. 23. 1007 Tennessee street,
and Bessie V. Bateman. 18. 40A West. Mis-
sion street. ■ w * .... -; — - j.« —^:i*«j.-,4
Arthur B. Sanborn, 40, 1027 Washington
street, and Blanche L. Hels, 31, 478 Geary st.
Cono Manzolillo. 25, 617 Union street, and
Savaria Sabatlna, IS, 617 Union street. . -
Benjamin F. Parks, 26. 810 Mission -street.
and Clarlsa Morse. SO. . 113 Stockton street..
BIRTHS-MARRMES-DEAM- -
Birth, maniago and death notices tent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. .
BORN.
LAZZAREVICH— In this city. December 7,
1901, to the wife of Captain L. Lazzarevlch.
a daughter. . ,
WATERBURY— In this city. December 5. 1901.
to the wife of Charles H. Waterbury, a
daughter.
" MARRIED. ~ "
ARCHER— DICKSON— In this city. December'
10. 1901. at 643. Howard street, by the Rev.
Dr. John A. B. Wilson, William Robert
Archer of San Francisco and Cora Dlckson
of Vallejo. -
HALL, — THORP — In this city, November 27.
1901. by the Rev. W. M. Reilly, rector of St.
Paul's Church, George Ellert Hall and Edith
Annie Thorp.
HOBRO— LUNDBLADE— In this city, Novem-
ber 27, 1901, by the Rev. W. M. Rellly, rec-
tor of St. Paul's Church, William D. Hobro
Jr. and Kato Lund blade.
HOWELL— HAINES— In this city, December
10, 1901, by the Rev. W. M. Rellly, rector of
St. Paul's Church, Eugene W. Howell and
Maud W. Halnes, both of the State of Ne-
vada. .-•
HUME — DUTARD — In Alameda, November 27,
.1901. by the Rev. Dr. Lascey, Herbert Hume
and Frances J. Dutard. 'both of San Fran-
cisco. ~
LANTERMAN— CONROY— In this city, De-
cember 10, 1901. at the Palace Hotel, by
' the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Frank Rob-
ert Lanterman and Grace Gertrude Conroy,
both of Chicago. The marriage was cele-
- brated the rooms of and in the presence
of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph L. Epplnger. . -
MASON— RUTLEY— In this city. November
20, 1901, by the Rev. W. M. Rellly, rector of
St. Paul's Church, Myron Robinson Mason
and Edith E. i Rutley.
SMYTH— WHARTON— In this city, December
9, 1901,- by the Rev. John Stephens. -Wilfred
L. Smyth of San Francisco and Mabel L.
"YVharton of Oakland.
DIED.
Bell, William Karstens, Henry
Blackmon, Sophia Koeper,. Otto- • •
Christlanson. Karinl Levy, Saul
De Bernardi, Albert McLeod, Daniel
Fay, Emelie Maurer, Elizabeth
Firth, Joseph B. Moore, Patrick "•'
Gould. Albert R. ' O'Reilly, Annie M.
Hind., Robert R. Pellcano, Irene
Horstmann, Henry F. Thompson, Henry < W.
Huddy,- Margaret N. Wright,- Anson
BELL — In this city, December 9, 1901, Wil-
liam . Bell, a native of Maxwelltown, Scot-
• land, aged. C9 years. .
(ETTrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend , the funeral services to-day (Wednes-
day), at 10:30 o'clock, at the chapel of I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
BLACKMON— In this city, December 9. .1901.
Sophia Blackmon. dearly beloved wife of
Frank Blackmon, beloved daughter of Frank
H. and Mary L. Staples, and beloved sister
of C. D. and F. A. Staples, a native of Kern
County, Cal., aged 29 years. (New York and
Montreal papers please copy.) ■
(L^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her Darentn, 1308 Greenwich street,
between Larkln and Polk streets. Please
omit flowers. Interment I. O. O.*F. Cemetery.
CHRISTIANSON— In Oakland. December 8,
1901, Karlnl Christlanson, beloved wife of the
late Captain H. O. Chrlstianson. and mother
of Walter. Lawrence. Annie and Henrietta
Chrlstianson, a native -of Norway, aged 66
years 6 months and 23 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 720 Harrison street. • ,. . ■ .
HENRY J, GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth Bt.,' opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. " ■ .
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County.' ■
'office «if». market, street. >
J. HENDERSON. Manager. .
NEW FIRM OF UNDtiKTAKbRS.
Eamuet McFadden, 18 years manager for
I the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 1 18
years; P. . F. Green, late with J. C . O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street. : between Seventh
and 'Eighth. Telephone South 44. -
DE BERNARDI— In* this city, December 10,
1901, Albert, beloved husband of Ouadalupe
de Bernardl. son of Mr. and Mrs. • C' de Ber-
nardi. and brother of Emile. Leon and Paul
de Bernardl, a native of San Francisco, aged
30 years 8 months and. 13 days. 4 . .1
IET Friends and acquaintances aro respect-.;
fully Invited to attend the funeral toimorrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 610 Chestnut street, thence to Third
ond Townsend streets. by 11:30. o'clock train.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.,
FAY— In this cliy. ; December 10, 1001; Emelle
Fay, beloved sister of Mrs. Therese Barden-
hagen Oeoree Fay and Mrs,' j Johanna Wil-
son, a native of Koenlesberg. Prussia. Ger-
many, asred 60 years 10 months and 3 days..
FIRTH— In this city. December 0, ' 1901, Jo-
seph B Firth,- beloved husband, of Evelina
L. Firth, and father of "Fannie and J. K.
Firth of San Francisco, a native of Eng-
land, aged 74 years and 0 months. .
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
Howard-street Methodist Episcopal Church.
Please omit flowers. :
GOULD — In this city, December 9, 1&01, Al-
bert R., beloved husband of Lucta MJ Gould,
and father of Mrs. Eva B. Kendall, a native
' ot Maine, asred 60 years- 7 months and 3
days. -'
(CTNotice of 'funeral hereafter. Remains
at the funeral parlors of Truman &. Co., 318
Mason street." between O'Farrell- and Geary. ■
HIND — In Kealakekua. South Kona, Hawaii,
November 27.-1901. Robert Robson Hind,' be-
loved husband of Mary Hind, and father of
John, Robert. Georce ' U., James " M. ,and
Eleanor M. Hind, Mrs. A. : D. McBryde and
the late Mrs. Henry Renton, a native of
Jarrow. Eneland. aged 69 years.
tCT Interment took place In Kona. 'Hawaii.
HORSTMANN— In this city. December 10. 1901,
■ ■ Henry F., dearly beloved husband of Anna
Horstmann, . and beloved son of Henry H.
' and the late Marie H. Horstmann, a native
of San Francisco, aged 36 years 8 mpnths
and 6 days. , ■■ ■ . • * - 1
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.-
HUDDT— In this city. December 10, 1001. at
, the residence. 462 Church street, Margaret
-N., beloved wife of Henry Huddy, and
mother of Harry, Cornelius, May and Aggie
Huddy, a native of New York, aged 3S
years. ' . ' , ' ' ;
KARSTENS— In this city. November 24, 1901,
Henry Karstens, a native of Germany, aged
52 years. A member ot C. Schuetzen Club.
(C^Frlends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from B'nal B'rlth
Hall. 121 Eddy 6treet, where. services will be
held under the auspices of San Francisco
• Aerie No. 6, F. O. E. Remains at the par-,
lors of it. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street.
. between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Laurel HUl'Cemetery.
KOEPER— In this city, December 0, 1001, Otto
KoeDer, beloved . son of Frederlca and Fred-
" rlcka Koeper, a native of San Francisco,
aged 33 years 8 months and 18 days.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 0:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler, 630 Washington
'street, thence to Native Sons' Hall, 414 Ma-
son street, where the services will be held,
commencing at 10. o'clock, under the auspices
of Golden Gate Parlor No. 29, N. S. G. W..
. thence to Third and Townsend streets, by
11:30 o'clock train.. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. . '
LEVY— In this city, December. 9, 1901, Saul
. Levy, husband and father of ' the late
f Sharna and '- 1. D. Levy, and beloved
father of Joseph H., Abraham H., Ellis H.
and Alexander H. Levy, Mrs. A. Kramer and
Mrs. Sarah Thai!, a native of Poland, aged
74 years 10 months and 3 days.
EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 605 Grove street, thence to Third
and Townsend streets by 11:80 o'clock train.
Kindly omit flowers. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery.
McLEOD — In this city, December 8. 1901, Dan-
iel McLeod. a native of Prince Edwards
Island, aged 63 years. A member of Jour-
- neymen Shipwrights' Association.
(C7Frlend!s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to -attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of James McMenomey & Son. 1057 Mission
street, opposite new Postofflce. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.' . .
MAURER— In Oakland, December 0,' 1901.
* Elizabeth, beloved mother of Paul and John
Maurer, Mrs. George Gansberg, Mrs. L.
• Rleb; Mrs. W. Dewar and Mrs. L. F. Crane,
a native of Germany, aged 77 | years 11
months and 16 days. • . ,
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Albert Brown, 468 Thirteenth street,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. ... .
MOORE — At Point Bonita. Marin County, Pat-
rick Moore.' a native of Ireland, aged 67
years. ■ • '■
O'REILLY— In this city, December 9, 1901. An-
nie M.. beloved wife of John W. O'Reilly,
and sister of Frank W. Murphy, a native of
Dublin, Ireland, aged 39 years and 6 months.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. . C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street, thence to, St. Patrick's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
' fc:S0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. . . V -. -'. '
PELICAN O^-IrT" this * cl'tv^tJecembef 10V " ItKJt."
. . Irene, beloved daughter of Frank and Vir-
ginia Pelicano, a native of. San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 9 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited - to attend the funeral services
' to-morrow (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at the
residence of her parents, 618 Greenwich
street. Interment Italian Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In this city, December 10, 1801,
Henry William, beloved brother of Andy F.
' and Val Thompson and Mrs. Sarah Mead, a
native of San Francisco, aged 45 years 1
month and 1 day.
WRIGHT— In Oakland. December 10. 1901,
- Anson Wright, husband of Geraldlne A.
.Wright, a native of England, aged. 79 years
and 4 months. (Sonoma and Santa Rosa
papers . please copy.) • "
(CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of his son, O. W.
Wright. 1163 Sixteenth street. Oakland.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eight.
20 Giant Powder Con. b 6 84 25
20 Giant Powder Con :...... 84 12W
25 Makawell 24 60
$2000 Oceanic Steamship bonds 104 00
80 Paauhau S P Co.. 10 60
10 S F Gas & Electric Co.... 43 62%
30 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90.... 43 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 75
■ 3O S F Gaa & Electric Co 44 00
105 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 60
$1000 S P of Arizona (1910) .....114 50
Street—
$7000 S P of Arizona (1909). ...... ....113 75
$5000 Spring Val 4s bonds (3d mtge)..100 75
PRODUCERS' Oil, EXCHANGE.
.. Morning Session.
Board— •
600 Four 47
100 Home 3 35
400 Junction •. ....*. .25
5000 Monarch of Arizona 17
100 Monarch of Arizona, b 60 :.. -17.
200 Monte Cristo 1 77Mi
600 Occidental of West Vriginla. '..... : 20
600 011 City Petroleum i 21
600 011 City Petroleum . 20
1000 Petroleum Center 04
200 Senator .* 60
200 Twenty-eight 1 50
100 Twenty-eight 1 47%
Street — , .
1 Hanford ......' .03 00
D Hanford' 02 00
Afternoon Session.
Board — \ .
1200 Bear FlaE> 02
6000 Lion, s 00 07
100 Monarch of Arizona... ]G
CO Monarch of Arizona (s 00> . 18
50 Monarch of Arizona (s,00) 12
60 Monarch of Arizona (s 90) 11
600 Monarch of Arizona \ 17
100 Monte Cristo 180
50 Peerless - * 5 00
200 Petroleum Center OT
100 Sterling 115 .
1000 Superior (s 10) 10
• MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the Son Fran
cisco 8tock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
BOO Belcher ...... 12 000 Gould & Cur. 05
700 Best & Belch. 13 -600 Justice ..;.:. 01
200 Caledonia ;.. 15 100 Ophlr 67
: 200 C C & Va....l 60.
Afternoon Session. •.-.V'.'' ; .f
500 Best & Belch. 13 500 Mexican ..... 13
400 1 Caledonia . . / 14 000 Savage • ' 04
200 ChOllar ...... 02 1000 Sierra Nev... 05
500 Crown Point. 02 "200 Silver Hill... 25
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
• Morning Session..
200 Belcher . . . . . 12 300 Gould & Cur. 05
1800 Best & Belch. 13 100 Ophlr ........ 67
300 Caledonia ... 15' , • ■
■ ' Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher- ..'... -12 600 Mexican ..... 14
400 Best & Belch. '.13 200 Ophlr .-. 68
100 C C & Va.. .:l 60 200 Silver Hill... 25
- 300 Gould oc Our. vr» * •
TUESDAY." Deo. 10— 4 p. 'm. )
iBld.AsK. -Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 02 Justice 01 02
Alta ......... 05. 00 Kentuck .... — 02
Andes ....... 01 03 Lady.Wash.. 01 —
Belcher ..... 12 13 Mexican ..... 13 14
Best &. Belch. 13 14 Occidental ..02 03
Bullion ....:. 02 .03 Ophlr .:...'.. ' 67 ' CO
Caledonia ... 14 . 15 Overman .... 02 03
Challenge ....>> 08 • 10 Potosl ... 02 03
Chollar ...... 02 .03 Savage,. ■ 03 04
Confidence .'. . 00, 00 Scorpion -....- — " 04
C C & Va.:..l 00 1 *i0 Seg Belcher.. — ' 01
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nev... 05 0(3
-ConN Y'...-.. .01" — Sliver Hill...' 25 26
Crown Point. ' 01 " 02 St Louis..... — : 04
Eureka Con..- .14 r' — Standard :... — 3 85
Exchequer...'^ — '02 Syndicate ... 05
Gould & . Cur. " 05 : 0(t Union Con. . . 10' ' 11
Hale & Nor.. 12-13 Utah ....:... 05 08
Julia — 01 Yel Jacket.... Ofl 07
ELECTRIC LIGHT
WIRE IS TAPPED
Serious Charge Is Made
Against Ignatz Beck,
a Pharmacist.
He Is Accused of Swindling
Corporation by Using
an Extra Line.
Ignatz Beck is the proprietor of a phar
macy at 1348 Ellis street, which is greatly,
admired by the neighborhood because of
its brilliant lighting at night. There are
thirty electric lights burning in the store,
which are supplied by the Independent
Electric Light and Power Company. ,
As, Beck's bills were very, small for the!
quantity of light furnished, an investiga
tion was made, and on July 23 last the
suspicion arose that Beck had "tapped"
the wires of the company. The investiga
tion was carried on until it was discov
ered, so it Is alleged, that Beck had made
connection with the wires of the company
and that twenty of the lights used were
surreptitiously supplied. The power used
was not registered at the meter.
Colonel E.F. Preston, attorney for the
company, accompanied by Seth Cohen, an
employe of the company, called at the
bond and warrant clerk's office yesterday
and Cohen swore to a complaint in Judge
Fritz's court charging Beck with willfully
and unlawfully connecting % a wire with
the apparatus of the electric company.
" The action is taken under a .recent addi
tion to the Penal Code relating to electrfc
light companies, and is the first one of the
kind on record. . .
BEAL ESTAmB TRANSACTIONS.
Orville D. and Millie E. ; Baldwin to E. W.
Crellln, lot on E line of Van Ness avenue, 137:6
N of Pacific avenue, N 35:2Vi by E 100; »10. .
City and County of San Francisco to Thomas
Magee, lot on NE corner of Van Ness avenue
and Eddy street, N 30 by E 109; $ .
Casper G. Strlppel (administrator estate Mag
dalena C. Heizman) to David Edwards, lot on
N line of Fell street, 27:6 W of Gough, N 120
by W 27:6; SfiOOO.
Albert W. and Ldllle Scholle to Israel S.
Cohen, lot on S line of O'Farrell street, 82:6
W of Gough. W 27:6, S 137:6, E 15. N 30. E
12:8, N 107:6; $10.
Same to Louis Frledlander, lot on W line of
Gough street. 107:6 S of O'Farrell.-S 30 by W
95; $10. . .
Louis and Jennie Frledlander to Frederick
and Alblne B. Zech, same; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to George
D. Cummlngs. lot on S line of California street,
164:11 E of Buchanan. E 27:6 by 137:6; $- — .
James H. Jennings to Christian F. Ruppel.
lot on E line of Broderlck street, 137:6 N of
Hayes, N 62 by E 110; $10.
Hattle S. Tiedemann (Hlnrlchs and Carl S.
Tledsmann) to Isaac Ellaser, lot on S line of
Oak street. 106:3 E of Clayton. E 25 by S 137:6;
$10. ...
Frederick and Annie Klenz (by .Thomas R.
Hobson. trustee) to Lucius L.. Solomons, 1722
D. 179. lot on N line of O'Farrell street, 311:6
■\V of Stelner. W 22 by N 82:6. being a portion
of Hamilton Square, trustee's deed; $100.
John H. and Mary E. von Schroder (by at
torney) to Horace W. Carpentier, undivided
half Interest in lot on W line of Lapidge street,
125 N of Nineteenth. N 25 by W 80; $5.
Margaret J. Kehoc (widow) and Patrick F.
Whelan to Pierre Condrey, lot on S line of
Seventeenth street, 163 W of Guerrero, W 45
by S 243; $10.
William V. Balllnger to Frank E. and Emma
Kummer, lot on E line of Alabama street, SO
S of Twenty-second. S 24 by E 50; $10.
Morris or Morras and Sarah Abraham to Te
resa G. Gately (2-3) and Emma I. Gately (1-3),
lot on E line of Alabama street, 234 S of Twen
tieth. S 26 by E 100; $10.
Sldonle L. Dredge to Selden Leonard, re-re
cord 1738 D. 164, lot on E line of Valencia
street. 80 S of Twenty-third. S 120 by E 250;
gift. . ■* ■ ' .
Maria F: Hunt (widow) to William B. and
Mary L. Bush, lot on SE corner of Twenty-fifth
and Sanchez streets, S 22 by E 81:9; $10.
Merchants' ' Exchange. 1 ;' Association . of San
Francisco (a corporation) also called The Mer
chants' Exchange Company of Ban Francisco
to Merchants' Exchange (a corporation), lot on
8 line of California street, 68:9 E of Montgom
ery.- B 123:3 by S 137:6;" $290,000; • « WJ "-».•
Catterlno Glnocchlco (widow) to Ida Maria M
Glnnocchlco, lot on SE corner of Lombard and
Mason streets, E 80 by S 60. : reserving life es
tate; $10. >■ • ' - : :
■ Robert D.-Connolly to Henry P. Sonntag, lot
on N line of Geary street, 137:6 E of Jones E
2S by N 62:6; $10. -
Frank Deery to Catherine Deery, lot on SB
line of Natoma street, 250 NEof Ninth. NE 25
by NW 75; gift.
Oscar Metzler to Dora Metzler, undivided one
half of lot on NW line of Natoma street, 75
NB of Seventh, NE 25 by NW 75; gift.
Real Estate and Development Company to
Southern Paclflo Company (a corporation), lot
on S line of Sixteenth street, 152:3 W of Penn
sylvania avenue. SW 21:6, NW 22:8 1-3, E
21:9 1-6; also ono-half of lot on S line of Six
teenth street. 19:2 W of Pennsylvania avenue.
W 133:1, SW 21:6. SE 138, NE 134:10%; also
quitclaim to all interest In P. N. block 307%.
bounded by Seventh and Sixteenth streets and
Pennsylvania avenue; grant.
Joseph Wlnterburn to Guardian Loan Asso
ciation (a corporation), lot on N line of Clem
ent street, 57:6 E of Sixth avenue, E 25 by N
100; $2. :h: '
Guardian Loan Association (a corporation) to
William M. de Wolf, same; $2150.
James F. Fisk to Augusta Hansen (wife of
George), lot on N line of Tacoma avenue. 105 W
of Fifteenth avenue.- W- 25 by N 100; $10.
Fred B; Surryhne to Henry Hufschmldt lot
on W line of Thirty-fifth avenue, 100 N of K
street, N 25 by WHO; $10.
Merchants' Exchange Association of San
Francisco (a corporation), also called The Mer
chants Exchange Company of San Francisco, to
The Merchants' I Exchange (a corporation), lot
containing 400 feet square and containing 3.67
acres, commencing at a coast survey signal
pole, 1302 NW from Sweeney &. Baugh'a outer
telegraph station. N 100, W 100, 8 400, E 400 N
400. W 300, being the Lighthouse site;, also de
scribed, commencing 489:8 N of Clement street
extended W and 156:11% W from Forty-eighth
avenue extended N. N 400. W 400. S 400. E 400;
$10,000. > ■
Giovanni • and Rosa Traversaro : to Antonio
Quillcl and Mlchele Bertl. lot on W line of
Polk street. 30 S from Vallejo, S 88:9 by W
100; $10. . : -.■■"■• .
- John and Luna Stlerlen to Edward Storror.
lot on B line ot Masonic avenue. 63 N of Fred
erick street. N 25 by E 94; $10. -
: John H. Rosseter. Alice M. or "Alice Dunne,
Henrietta : Dunne and Frances McHunh to
Charles E. Congdon, lot on SE corner of HayA
and Shrader streets, S 60 by E # W0; $10. '
Same to Charles S. Neal, lot on N line, of
Fell street. 100 E of Shrader, E 3:1% by N 275;
$10.
Krlsto Kerstejtly to Hannah Kerstegly. lot
on N line of Sixteenth street, 172 W of Valen
cia, W 20 by N 100; $1300.
Jane or Jane • V. Phillips to Louisa Dowse
(widow), lot on E line of Oakwood street, 895
S of Eighteenth.* S 25 by E 118: $10.' -
Isabt-lle A. Mahoney (wife of J. J.), ■ Mar
garet L. Enright (wife of P. J.) and Evelyn
O. Elckhdff (both nee Brougham) and John J.
Broueham to John Sablnl, lot on N line of
Oreen street,. 137:6 W of Montgomery^ W IS by
N- 67:6: $10. l ' ' . v . ' ' "- '
Klrkham and Millie L. Wright to E. A.
Heron, lot on E line of Stockton street, 137:t$
N of Bush, S 40 by E 110. N 40. W 110: $10.
Alexander and Nellie Bond to Robert G.
Brownlle,- lot on f E line -of Jones street. 45:10
S of Vallejo. S 45:10 by E BS:9: $10. - -
John and Margaret Coop to Edward A. Kell,
lot on N line of Post street. 137:6 E of Hyde,
E 26:9, N 137:6, E 33:3, N 137:6. W 60. S 275; $10.
Emlle and Carrie ' S. . Toussln to James and
Hannah Walsh, lot on S line of Union street,
194:8 W of Hyde, W 21 by S 65: $10. \
Robert E.' and Eliza E. Dickinson to A. Aron
son, lot on NW line of Mission street, 275 NE
of Fourth, NE 30 by NW 160; $10.
Thomas and Lizzie Brady to William B.
Glldden, lot on SE line of Jessie street. 175
SW ot Fourth. SW 25 by SE 70; $10.
Martin Fitzpatrick to" same, lot on NW line
of Mission street. 175 SW of Fourth, SW :6 by
NW 90 (quitclaim deed) ; $10.
Same to same, lot on NW line of Mission
street, 150 SW of Fourth, SW 23 by NW 160; $10.
Ellen and William Burroughs to Margaret
Flynn (wife of T. F.). lot on SE corner of
Marlposa and Florida streets, E 20:8 by. S 75;
$10. ■..••: ": -.■-■■ ; . ;.* • ■ - • .' .■■-
Emanuel and Carrie Mandel and Daniel Block
to Samuel Hirschfelder-and Lewis J. Meaney,
lot ; on • NE ■ corner • of Florida and Twentieth
streets. N 308, E 100, S 175. E 100. S 133, W. 200;
$10.'t>- : .•■■,■:■■■'■ . ■-■.•-.
» Charles' C. Graeber to Margaret F. High
tower; (wife of.J. P.), lot on W line of Fourth
avenue. 225 S of California street. S 25 by W.
120; $10.. - , --..'•■> ■ . -.- . ■
Ezeklel Wilson to James F.-Flsk. lot on N
line of Tacoma avenue. 105 W of Fifteenth. W
25 by N 100: -$400.; • .. ". -
Same to Alice A. Wilson (widow) and Ruth
Borden (wife of, H. R.). lot on SW corner of
Point Lobosand Fourteenth avenues, W 135.' S
148:8. Wll.'SE 312, E 120:3- to a point, N 455:1;
also all Interest In outside land block 270; gift.
BAY AND RIVEB; gTE/VMEIlS.
FOR U. NAVY YARF~AiiFvALLEJO
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
1:45 a." m.,' 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., ' except. Sun-
day. r Sunday, ■ 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 11:30 noon, 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. ' ■' Sunday, 7 a. • m., 4 :15 p. m. - - Far* 54
cents.: Telephone - Matn 1508. Landing and
office, pur, 2. Mission- street dock. HATCH
fiEOS.--
: AJVEBTISEMENTS.
SENT FRIpO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy Trm
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor . : . '--,..
A Free Trial Paekasra Sent by Mail
; to All Who WriteV •-•:-
- Free trial packages of a. most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
•win write to the State Medical .Institute.
They cured so many men who had. battled
for years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood -that the Insti-
tute . has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It Is a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, .varico-
cele or emaciation "of parts can now. cure
themselves at home.
The. remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, ( giving strength
and development Just where It is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 328 Elektron building, - Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men''
who are unable to leave home to be
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy it is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain, package, so that Its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay. ■..••'
EAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
. ' Steamers leave Broadway
nil,^. Wharf, San Francisco:
BSWsJShL. For Alaskan port3— 11 a. m..
I Ks£W¥r«S>--^ Dec. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1.
K$C>T)d??35\ Change to company's steam-
i^^^Vai ers at Seattle.
! lSB&£r*Sgr§li For Victoria Vancouver (B.
KMSSSggrM C ). Port Townsend. Seattle.
' Tacoma, Everett and New
• -. whatcom (Wash.)— 11 a., m., .
Dec. I. 7. 12, 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1. Chans, at ,S»-
attle for this company's steamers for Aiasxa
and O N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma for N,
P. Ry.-.-at Vancouver to C. P. Ky.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)-l:30 p. m.. Dec
3. 8. 13. 18, 23. 28. Jan. 2. «,.«»«
• For 8an Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Bedondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa.- Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays, » a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Louis Oblspo). Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura. Hueneme^ East San Pedro, San Pedro
and Newport-Steamer Corona. Saturdays. 9
"For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Ouaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7ta ot eaen
For further Information obtain the company's
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice. " •
TICKET OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace HotelV
GOODALL. FF.RKINS & <*O.. Oen. A rents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
o; r <& N-. co,
Only SteMmslilp IiMxim «o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to all
points East. Through Ticket* to all
points, ftl 1 mil op steamshto and pail, at
IiOWBST HATES.
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLUDE BERTH an4 MEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Dec. 14, 24. Jan. 3 13
SS. GKO. W. ELDER
.....Sails Dec. 19. 29. Jan. 8. IS
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt. 1 Montg'y. g.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo).. Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong- with steamers - for.
India.' etc. "No carra" received 'on" board on
day of sailing.
B.S. NIPPON MARU.....
Wednesday. December 11. l*0t
E.6 AMERICA MARTI
Saturday. January 4. 1901
6.3 HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January JO. 1901
Round-trip tickets, at reduced rate*. For
freight and passage apply at company's of nee.
4J1 Market street, corner First
• W. H. AVERT. General Arent
AMERICAN LINE.
WtV T0RK. eOuTHA MPT0H. LONDON. PAVtX
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
■From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Louis Dec. IS Zeeland Jan. S
Philadelphia ....Dec. 25 St. Louis Jan. 15
St. Paul Jan. 1 PhlladMnMa ....Jan. 22
RED STAR LINBj
Maw York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesday at 12 noon.
Southwark Dec. IS 'Zeeland Jan. 8
•Vaderland Dec. 25 Friesland Jan. 15
Haverford Jan. 1 Southwark Jan. 22
•Slopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st
ISllOliilC^ «Y.LU~ ZEALAND <K» SYDNEY
YZZ? -*~ y OIRECf LINE T8 TAHITI
ss[" ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday. Dec. 14, 2 p. m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. Dec. 26, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ..'...
Jan. 4. *02. 10 a. m.
j. 0.SP8ECKELS k BROS. CO., Bintrai Agints. 327 Harksi St
Een'l Passenger Office, 643 Market St., pup lo. 1 Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And Cia Sucl Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican.' Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m. ■
TUCAPEL Dec. 21ILOA
AREQUIPA ...Jan. 4IPERU
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and - South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R, R, £ S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA - DIRE-tf.
Cabin, $105; Steerage. $40: Meals Free.
5. S. Lcclnnaw ealU tf onday. Tec. 23
6. 8. ArfiyU sails Thursday, dan. 23
t>. 8. Lee'nnaw Knili Monday Feb. 3
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market st.
- F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
C0MPA0NI3 GENERAL*. TBANSATLANTIQU2
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3. /^i^
Sailing every Thursday, instead ot -^{TCo&
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42, —ffMrS'ff*
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havr-j. $70 and. upward. Second
class to Havre. - $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY . FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUQAZI & CO.. Pacific. Coa«
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue. • San Francisco.
Ticket* sold by all .Railroat" Ticket A renti.
■ft.ATT.WAV TEAVEL.
BOOTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAH
Via Sausallt* Ferry.
Commencing September 2a 1901.
FROM SAN FKANC1SCO TO MILL VALLEY
. AND SAN RAFAEL.
" WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. *9:J0, 11:00 a. m.,
•1-15 3:15. 4:15, 6:15, *6:1S, 6:45 p. m.
EXJRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at »:30 and HMO p. m.
°SUNDAYS-*S:0O. -10:00. Ml:30 a. m..' i:U
j-i5 »4:45. 6:30. 9:30 p.m.- •• ,..**.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. -"■
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-»5:25. ( 6:27. 7:45.' 8:35. .«•£
- mT- •12:?5.'2:15. 'J^ 4:40. HSO.p.jn.,' ~ , <
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday.
and Saturdays at «:45 and 9:55 p. m. ., .."
-8:00. •10;00. . »U:43 ,.i.
•1-40 »3:15. 4:45. '6:30 P. m. .... -. . . ■ ~* '
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentlo.'
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS-5:«. 6:45. 7:55, 8:55. 10.30 a.m/
12-35 2:45, 3:60. 5:10 p. m. • . . _ •
m EXTHA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
■Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. . ...--,.
-SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. ;m... 12:05. 2:15. j-aj.
6-00 6:45 P. m - ■ - ■• ■ ■ ■ ' '~
, THROUGH TRAINS. . . .'.
«:B5 a. m. week "day s-rCa*adero. and Way itA .
tions. ' ■■ - • ,■•"..":"'.. . "
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. . ,. . ■ ■ ■ . • ' ' • . v . -.-j > ••
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills . and - way
stations. , • .. . -■ ... • -
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. , ...,'j
RAILWAY TEAVEL.
- — : ; ;^-XT..cx^-- .
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.;
Tr»lm l*i»»f »»ii iirnliif lo »rrli«»l ' ' '
** N FK**4IH< ♦>. ..-.--.
" (Main Une, Foot of Market Sftert.* ■.-';:'■.■■, >■ ,
uah — Fkom DtctMBta 6. 1901.- : ' ajmtJi. ';■
7:0f»A BenleU, Suisuu. Elmira and Sacrm- ! ■■' .' ' '■ ' - '
meutn.. ...... ■ 8':S5p :
\ 7i00* V»ca»ille. Wiiiterj,'Uumsej..,. 7j33f '
- 1i3Oa M*rtlnei.3imlUiiiou.ValleJo. N»pa, ' '
•C'alu'j-gfiaiulNiiuta U<m» «:25r
S:O«a DatIs. Woodland. Knlznts Landing, ' ' ->-.-"
MarjBTille. t>ro«ille. £ "7:S3p"
9:O«* Atlantic. Kxpress— Ogdon and East **i23a ■■'
, hkmia Nlles, Lathrop, Stockton...... -Ti3->r .
6:OO.t Nile*, Mendota. Hanford. Visalia, ' C
PofterTille.... "€:35t'
■i3I>« Shuts Express— Davis. WillliiM (for v
- Hartlett Springs). Willows. Bed
Bluff, Portland.. ................. 7iO3* -
•i>O« S>n Juae, Lifermore. Stockton, . '- - >
, - lone, .SacramBiitiv PlacrtTlIl*. »'.
■ Mw»«l!ir, Ulilcn, lle.lltliiir 4:2.1r
HiSOa Onkriale, Chinese, 8onora, Tuolumno 4:23 r
t»:OO» Harvard. Niles»ud W»j SUtioui.. 11:03a.
0:OOa Vallejo VfJSSr
MIliLos Angeles Express — Ilartlnmt,
. > Tr»cy. I .ttthrop. Stockton. Mcicej
Fresno a ml Los Angeles 7:S3a
tt:3OA VhII.Jo. Martinez amiI Way .Station* ?:S3p
I ttsOUATbaOTerlamt Limited— Pgdeu. l>en- - i.
1 • rer, Omaha. C'lilcajn.... '.. »i33»
tl:OOrSaera»euU>Uii«r. Steamers.. ....... tHiOW
S>«or ISeulcia, - Winters. Haeramento.
Woodland. Ki.lkhU l.auJIn*. --
* Marymiile, Orofllla ,.,.. 10:33a > :
3:3Or Haywatd. Nfle«aii<UVaj Statlouf.. 7:33f
«i«»ir-Mnrtltie*. Hau Kamou. - Vullejo. : " .
" Napa. CullatuKa, Kmita llosa »:&3r ,
-ItOOp Nlles, Llv.ermore. atochtpn. Lodl... ia<si3r
-lisor Hayvard.Mlen. Mail J<>a^.X4T»rmor» tS:34A
■l:3«»i*Tha Owl limited— Frosrvo, Tulxrt, -.-,.. '■
"' . BukersdoM, ftangn* for Banta Bar- • '
-' bara, Los Angeles »,.......~ 8:53*
3 iOOp Pork Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Stookton 1 U:33a
, 3: OOp Martin, z. Antioch, Stockton, Mer- ■■--
'. ced.Frrano 1»»23»
«:OOr Harvard, Nile* aud Sau Joss.'...... 7>33*
fOlVOr Vallojo Ili23«
fliOOr Oriental Mall— Ogden, - Dearer; . - - "
Omaha, St Louis. Chicago 4:23a
7i00r Oregon ami California ISii.rtiM.Haq- , .
nmiHiitii. Mittjn»lll». IveiUUiiK, ' '■ ' '
-I'urtiHiHt. 1'nguL riimml anil Kask 8i33a I
»i«3f San Pab!o. Port Costa, Martinez :. - .-•-;
and Way Htatlous... .-....« 11>*3a.
t»t03yVaU»jo'. ..:...:..'. ■ j »7'«gar-':
COAST LINE* (Narrow ««»«•). --•.
(Foot ot Market Street) '
S«l5ANewaik.CeiiteriiUe.HauJo«8,K»lton. .
Bonlder Creek.SanU Qiuxand. Way
HtaUni.s i Bi5»»
1»il3r Ne»*rk, Ontertllle, San .lo»e, Nnw > ;
AliiMrieu, FeUcm, l!oUI(l«r Creek, - •
SanU ('iuz and l'rinclpal Way
Stations !•«»•*
•1:15c Newark. Han Jose. Los Gfttoa. ...... fSiSOA •
aO.Sop Hunters' Train— San Jose and Way ■ ' ■ ». '• .•
. -Stations %1AQ* ■'■':
OAKLAND HARBOR -FERRY- .
from Sil raiHCISCO-roat if Xuktt Street (Slip 8)— . %
t/:15 il:0U 11:00*. M. 1:00 3:03 5:15f.«.
rrtmOIIUlO— r**t«fBru<w»«.— tH-.OO t»M- tS.-OS
10:00«.it. i:-.00 a.OO «:03r.».- ' •
COAST LINE (Uroail Mange).
' (ThlrJ and Townsend 8ft.) ' '
«:I«a 8an Jcse and Way MUUon*. «:4»A ; i
7:0Oa Han Jose ami Wny StutiuHU f9>O«s< t
/7MIU* New Alaiatlen /4:10»
8:00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose.
Gllroj. Salinas, San Lois Obispo, . ,
' BianU. n»rbara, Lou Angeles and ' ' .
principal intermediate stations.... IOi-*3»> •
ttiOOAHau Ju*o. Ties linos. Hunt* Vtirx, -.' . V.
raellie «fn»». fallnas. flan Lois' ■ ° '
OVspo ami Prlnclira! Intermedifctd .
SUMims..... „ i. ,4*1«V •
IO.-HOa. San Jcse mJ Way SUtlona.. M:3Sa -
ll«:i«A Man .Icueninl WityVitatlmi* 'Jl4«A
ISriap Ban Matra.- ltwlwuo.1, Menlo Park. : - .- %
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara, ftiui Joaa^ . • . . ■
Tres Pluos, Santa Crux, Salinas. - ■ ;. ,
Jlotuerey»i..1 l*Hi;ilic (Jrn? a...... (1O:13a
S:3«r Han Joss and Way HUtlmia... ...... l>3«r
♦ I:l»r San Joneand Principal Way Stations 3i30r
4 1» O r Sunset limited— Mondays, Wednm-
. days, Fridiy". for Loi .Angeles, El ■ { .•■"•
1'*m New Orleans and New York. ■ ' . ■ ' \
AiriTes Sundays. Tuesdays and - y
Thursdays v 10tl3A
f.1:00f San Jobc. Los Gatos and Principal
WaySUtioiM V... f»iO©» -
•linnr 5)an Jose and Principal Way Stations 8:3Or .
«::i<»p8aM .)o«c aud \V»». Station*... . 7i:tOr .
7:OOr New Orleans Eiprens — Hun Luis .
Obispo. Santa Karbaxa. Los An- •
Kelea, D miaj. El Paso, New Or- . .
. leans and East 7:304 ,
qtl;-l3p 3>n .logo mid Way .Stations 7:30> .'
A for Morning. I" for Afternoon. . . ■
t Monday esemited. I bandar only.
_ a Saturday onljr. / Tueidaya and. Friday.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
. Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Dally Dally Dally.
Lr. Ban Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1s p
" Merced... 12:25 p U7 p 1:3Q a. »:U p
" Fre«np.... 1:05 p l:3S p 3:15a, 10^0 p- "
" .Hanford.. S:12 p J:27 p 8:05 a ,
" VUalla.... 1:39 p ........ 6:00 a .
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 8:20 p 7:45 a ...',
" Kan City. J:40a 7:30 a ,
•• Chicago i:15p 9:00 p ........
a for morninsr. p for afternoon. •■'. i,- •-».""■«
S:CO a. m. train* U the California Urn.-.
Ited. carrying Palace Sleeping; Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local flrst-clasa passengers. No. second-
class tickets are honored on this train.- ■
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
dally. •
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton.' Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12 :.»0
p.- m. : dally. - .-•■..-■
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers 'and '
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. I
Corresponding train arrives at fl:00 p. m. -.
daily. - ' . '
7:20 a. m. Is ; Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor*
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. Ban Francisco; 1113 Broadway. Oak-
land. ". ';
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES ; V
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry. Foot of Market St. ,
6an Francisco to San Rafaol. '
WEEK DATS— 7 :*>, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:S
1:30. 6:19. 1:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra txl»
at 11:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra .trips . at 1:54 ■
! and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. '9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:38, 1:30.
8:00. «:20 p. m. ' , •
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.'; U:ii,
1:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at l:u. !
. and' 6:35 p. m. . ~r • •
SUNDAYS— 8:1D. 1:10. 11:19 a. m.; 1:40. J:40,
1:06, 6:25 p. m. . . . - .■.,.*-.,,. ,.>. . ,
Leave I In Effect I Aniv* > '
San Francigco. IAprll 23. 190l| Sap Franclaca. ■
Week I Sun- I ~ | Sun- I Week
Days. I days.- [ Destination. |' days. ■ f Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
. 3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:23 an>
(:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. ' :35 pm «:20 pig
Fulton, . ■ • »■ .-.• •
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 ana
• 6:00 pm Healdsburs. 10:» am , - ; . •
Lytton. ■ • •: • . • -, >- * > ;■;
Geyservllre. ■ • • * -
1-30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:35 pm (:30 pna
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland. 10:40 am 10:25 am '
1 :30 pm >:0Oam and Uklah. 7:35 pm t:30 pm
7:30 am " 10:40 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
j;30 pm 5:00 pm •■ »:20 pna
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and -.- ■ i •-.'•:
'6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm <:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami |W:40 am 110:25 am
3:S0 pm| 6:C0 pm[ Sebastopol.; I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pia
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skagga Springs: at Cloverdal*
lor ths Geysers: at - Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvflle. - Carls-
bad Springs. Soda. Eay. Lakeport and Panlett
Springs; at Ufclah for Vichy Sprtafes, Saratos*.
Springs. Blue Lakes. • Laurel Dell Lake. Wltte/
Springs. Upp«r Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell's.
Banhedrin Heights. HullvlU*. , Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendocino .City, Port Bragg. Weat-.
port. Usal, WUllts. Laytonvljle. Cummina,
Bell's Springs. Harris. OlSen's. Dy«r. ScotU »
and Eureka. . . ■.-.■•-
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re- :
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets • to alt- point*
beyond San Rafael at -halt rates. ..... ■■ - /
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronlcl*
building. . - : ■ ■-,- : - . • •
H..C. WHITINO. R. X. RTAN.-,- ►'
• Gen. Manager. ■ Gen. Pass. Agt.
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
L«tave - Via Sausalito Ferry- ■ Arnve--
San Fran. " Foot of Market St. ' San Fran.
' I - Fair. (>«n fV«irlw» w, Summit and tlemrtt. II 00.
- Tkket oa«*. fist )ua.ua stsxst ud sAL-iAUto ruai.
>rn^ Dr. Gabon's Dispensary*
■ J H r -jm 629 HEABMY ST. Established '"
/oSJ^^Smin IU4 for the troatmi'iit <>f Iflvnta
SU IJ*w^*m7 Dljwases. Lo^t Mmiboofl. Debility or
CHbwr~iiVi1H 11 i | L j ni iiliirini bo<lyan<l nilmlaml
■ Diseases. The Poctorcnres wacn.
?*«S35a5'iji3others fail. Try him. i'hargea low.
r^^KRtfiSd<'urf« gqaraiilffd. Cull or Writ*
1112
AD VZHTISEMENTS.
The Skill of the
Is demonstrated to the Family
through the medium of the
food she serves. Those cooks
show the greatest skill in'
making delicious and whole-
some hot-breads, cake and
biscuit who use the Royal
Baking Powder.
ROYAL BAK1RQ POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM 8T., NEW YORK-
TELLS THE JURY
OF THE KILLING
Mrs. Coarum Describes
the Struggle With
Man She Slew.
The taking: of testimony In the case of
SCts. Coarum, charged with murder, was
completed In Judge Dunne's court yester
day, and Assistant District Attorney
Ore&ny made his opening argument to the
Jury. ,
Mrs. Coarum was the last witness to
testify. She testified that she knew Dan
iels a number of years and was quite in
timate with him. "I tried to get rid of
elm a number of times," said she, "but
he persisted In seeking my company. A
few days before the shooting took place
■we quarreled and 1 told him. I would not
eee him any more. My husband was due
to arrive in the city almost any day and
1 was afraid there would be trouble. On
Easter Sunday, two days before I shot
him, he came to my house and forced
his way in. He was in an ugly mood,
and when I left the house to evade him
he followed me.
"We quarreled and kept it up until the
following day. Tuesday. April 9, he came
to the house in the afternoon. I left the
house again to escape him. I went down
town, and on my way back I stopped at
a pawnbroker's and exchanged a small
pistol I had for a larger one. I kept a
pistol for self-protection. I changred the
old one that day because Daniels told me
it was no eood.
"He came to the house again that night
and asked for some supper. I prepared
a meal and after we had eaten it he went
out and got some beer and whisky. When
he came back he began to quarrel with
me. He drew a razor out of his pocket,
commenced to strop it on his boot and
said he could cut me to pieces with it.
He taunted me about my marriage to a
colored man, and said he would slash
my face so that the 'nigger* would not
know me.
"He then grabbed me an( j started to drae
me toward the stairs. I resisted, and as
we struggled I began to fear that he
•would kill me. I remember shooting at
him once. I know nothing of what oc
curred after I fired one shot. The next
recollection I have is when the police
officers came in and arrested me."
The case will be submitted to the jury
to-day.
All holders of Call Atlas coupons
can secure Cram's Superior Atlas of
the World, 19O1 edition, by present-
ing coupon at the business office of
of this paper.
Clan Fraser Chooses Officers.
Clan Fraser No. 78. Order of Scottish
Clans, has chosen the following named
officers to serve during the ensuing year:
Chief, J. W. King; past chief, William
Rae; tanist, William Cormack; chaplain,
Hugh Fraser Sr.; secretary. Alexander
King; financial secretary, Thomas Wil
son; treasurer. M. L. Crowe; senior
henchman, W. R. King; Junior henchman,
T. A. Munro; seneshal. J. C. Moore;
■warder, J. D. McKinnon, sentinel. J. O.
Fraser; standard-bearer, A. W. McFar
lane; physician. Dr. George Adam; pipers,
I. S. R. Tevendale and A. Ross.
Dunphy Murder Case.
■ The case of James "W. Dunphy, charged
With the murder of' Edward Stanton Sep
tember 22 at Mary and Minna streets, was
Called for trial in Judge Cook's court yes
terday. When the venire was exhausted
eleven jurors had "been selected. A new
venire was issued and the case continued
till this morning. :
The Victor
Uses Discs
— »^
The Victor Talking Machine uses
flat, indestructible disc records,
made; from: a hard" composition
that practically preserves the record,
though it be used time and again.
Being flat, the records require but
little room— 57 seven-inch records
occupy the same space as five small
wax cylinders.
The Victor's records bear a gold
label with the name of the selection
and its performer marked plainly.
The success attained by The Victor
and its records won for it the gold
medal over all other talking ma-
chines at the Pan-American Exposi-
tion.
This proves that the flat disc pro-
cess is^ the only way of faithfully re-
producing all tone qualities.
You are cordially invited to visit
our Victor room and listen to a num-
ber of entertaining records. If out
of town write for catalogue B-5.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Stcinwoy Piano Dealers
CorV Kearny and Butter sts., S. F.
Cor. 12th and Broadway. Oakland.
711 Second avenue, Seattle.
ERRATIC WOMAN
PUZZLES COURT
Lady Yarde-Buller Makes
Some Rather Astonish
ing Answers.
"Remember, Ralph, you are the son of
a British officer. Tell the truth."
Thus spoke Lady Yarde-Buller to her
son yesterday in Judge Hebbard's court.
The young man was on the witness
stand, telling what he knew about A. A.
Baroteau, who is suing the titled woman
for $3000 alleged to be due him for serv
ices he rendered.
Baroteau holds a note for - the amount
signed by Lady Yarde-Buller. She is per
fectly willing" to pay it, but her guardian;
George T. Wright, is not so willing,
hence the suit.
The once talented woman, whose beauty
years ago -was talked of from '.Maine to
Caatorma and even across tne '^Atlantic,
appeared in Judge Hebbard's court yes
terday morning attired in black. She is
Etill a handsome woman, out time and
tne remarkable career she has lived have
left their marks. She evidently is not of
sound mind, judging trom her actions and
speech, but she is a remarkable woman
still.
Several times during the course of the
trial she interrupted the proceedings by
talking to the Judge, the lawyers and the
witnesses • and appeared to be on the
verge of hysterics.
When she was called as a witness she
walked up' the steps leading to the wit
ness stand, solemnly took the oath and
gave her name as- "Marie Leila Delilah
Kirkham Yarde-Buller."
Admits Services Were Rendered.
"Are j'ou the defendant in this case?"
she was asked.
"I don't know," she replied. "I don't
know what I am here for.'*
"Has Mr. Baroteau ever rendered you
any service?" was the next question.
The witness replied that he had an-1
that the services were many and varied.
"What were they?"
"Oh, you ask me too much," said
Mrs. Yarde-Buller. "When I think of
what that man has done for me I would
not be in his place for millions."
"Do you approve of his claim?"
"I do; indeed I do. Oh, why are not
my famous lawyers and guardians- here
to help me out? Where are they?"
Seeing that the lady was getting ex
cited the lawyers ceased questioning her.
When they told her that "that was all"
she arose and addressing the Judge said:
"Oh, sir, where are my Portland bonds?
Where is my stock in the Bank of Cali
fornia? What is to become of a poor
woman when she is defended by so many
gentlemen?"
When Baroteau was testifying she in
terrupted him frequently. He finally man
aged to tell his story, which was to the
effect that he had acted as the lady's
bodyguard for a year. He went every
where with her, he said. "I was," said
Barotean, "at her beck and call at all
times. I escorted her to the theater,
park, cemetery and many other places."
The defendant interrupted him at this
point by saying:
Sons Object to the Claim.
"They've been robbing my estate for
years. They'd have me starve to death
in the gutter so that they could get it all
for themselves. Now they won't pay this
poor man who has done so much for me "
Ralph K. Blair and Arthur K. Blair,
sons of Yarde-Buller, were also witnesses
in the case. They told of Barotean's at
tentions to their mother, and said they did
everything in their power to keep him
away from her. Ralph, the elder, said he
even went so far as to threaten to thrash
Baroteau if he did not quit hanging
around the lady.
At this point the cause of all the trou
ble rose majestically to her feet and ad
dressing the young man said:
. "Remember, Ralph, you are the son of
a British officer. Tell the truth."
She informed Judge Hebbard that she
was a British subject, that English law."
would not allow her to be treated in such
a manner, and closed her speech by re
marking scornfully: ■.;-•. :::
"I don't understand your courts."
Judge Hebbard did not decide, the case
yesterday, though he intimated that he
would give a decision in favor of Baro
teau for a portion if not the entire sum.
He also intimated that he did not like the
idea. of a man taking a note from a wom
an in Lady Yarde-Buller"s condition.
CAPTAIN' COLIN SAXMUND
SUED FOB MAINTENANCi:
Wife of Master of Steamer Welling
ton Says He Does Not Provide •"%
for Her. £)-/■«?
Mary E. Salmund, wife of Captain Colin
Salmund of the steamer Wellington,
filed a suit for- maintenance yesterday.
She alleges that her husband, to whom
she was married in 18S6, has failed to sup
ply -her with the common necessaries of
life since August of this year. She says
he has an income of $250 a month and is
-well able to pay her the $100 a month she
asks for.
John L. Corbett, who was married only
three days ago, wants his marriape an
nulled. He says his wife deliberately de
ceived him in order to get him to marry
her.
Mary E. Deane was granted a "divorce
from Charles F. Deane, for cruelty.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Florent Hoffer against Clara Hoffer. for
desertion: S. C. Foltz against C. M. Foltz.
for desertion; Annie Klutz apalnst Frank
Klutz, for cruelty; Josephine Diaz against
Benjamin Diaz, for desertion; J. Ander
son against Mary Anderson, for desertion,
and Jessie Sproul Walker against Thomas
Walker, for desertion.
For Belief of the Boers.
The Transvaal League of California
gave a concert and entertainment at the
Metropolitan Temple last night for the re
lief of Boer women and children in the
concentration camps of South Africa.
Jeremiah Deasy, the new president, ad
dressed the assemblage- and won much
applause from the enthusiastic audience.
A musical and literary programme- fol
lowed. >. . , .
Shaving a Pleasure.
Newi attractive and practical novelties
in razors, shaving sets, mugs and strops.
Skinner'B. 416 Market. *
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER : li;> 1901.
EXPERTS GOING
OVER THE BOOKS
Final Steps Toward Sale
of Market-Street
Railway. -
New Owners Will Assume
Complete Control in
February.
,The final steps for the transfer of the
Market Street Railway Company's prop
erty to the Baltimore syndicate are being
taken. Expert bookkeepers and account
ants from New York are going over the
books and the new owijers will assume
complete control about the middle of
February.
■ With the new ownership a number of
changes will take place in the workings
of the Southern Pacific Company. One of
the first moves made by the Baltimore
syndicate will be to institute its own
claims department. At the present time
the claims department of I the Southern
Pacific and the Market Street Railway
Companies are one. The claims depart
ment is under the immediate supervision
of Chief Counsel W. P. Herrhi. The
claims agent is Charles B. Sessions, who
reports to Mr. Herrin on all matters.
It is certain that the Southern Pacific
Company will want Attorney Sessions to
remain in his position, and he will, In
forming his new claims department, ask
a number of his most valued clerks to re
main with him. ....
Whom the Baltimore syndicate will name
as Its chief counsel, and. who will preside
over its law and claims departments, is
not at present known. It is. presumed,
however, that they will bring out from
Baltimore more than one attorney to as
sist in the legal business. In the mean
time a number of attorneys in town are
trying to find out how they can secure
positions with the new syndicate.
When the Baltimore syndicate secures
final possession of the Market street road
it is said there will be a number of
changes. It is predicted that within a
year there will be an "all night" car ser
vice on several of the electric roads, vrhe
Baltimore syndicate ■ ia composed of
wealthy capitalists in the East, but they
vill not reside here, simply having repre
sentatives in this city to look after their
interests.
DR. CHARLES CLINTON" IS
STRICKEN WITH A CHILL
Well-Known Physician Confined to
His Home on Howard Street by
Severe Illness.
Dr. Charles A. Clinton was stricken
with a severe chill while at dinner at his
home, on' Howard and Twenty-first
streets, on Friday evening last. The doc
tor had been much engaged during the
day, but seemed to be in his usual good
health and spirits until the moment of his
Illness, -which has caused much anxiety
among his friends.
Though feeling the results of the chill
all Saturday, Dr. Clinton would not ap
preciate the seriousness of his condition
uiiui Sunday, when Drs. Wymore and
Perry were called in to attend' the patient.
At first typhoid fever was feared by the
attending physicians, but the patient re
sponded to treatment and his case is now
pronounced to be one of severe grip. Last
evening the sufferer was said to be im
proving.
Green Wanted to See His Wife.
A. Vallon, proprietor of a laundry at 221
Mason street, swore to a wararnt In
Judge Fritz's court yesterday, for the ar
rest of R. S. Green, 304 Fourth street, on
a charge of battery. Green's wife told
him yesterday morning that she would
not live with him any longer. She is em
ployed at "Vallon's laundry, and Green
called there a few hours later and. asked
to see her. Vallon refused and Green
gave him a severe beating.
© . .■ • . • ■ ■ ■ , . - . o
I That every cus- ? — _ — ~ — _«_{
I tomer would have i
I her shoes properlg Jiillll^ I
I uou think uou ■'^sBmmumf : |
1 uou, but ask to he «^ — —■ —^> §
§ fitted. We have experienced men J
I whose pleasure it is to fit customers §
I The SQrosis Shoe is the "hit of the §
I centpu," When uou have a palp prop- 1
I erlu fitted, uou will have 4he most sat- 1
I isfactoru shoes gou have ' ever bought, I
I -because uou have both comfort and the |
I height of style, and uou really buy a J
§ shoe that has been sold at $6,00, > • §
I The thousands of pairs of Sorosis §
| Shoes sold bu us in one year's time |
I.Gonfounds competitors and enlightens I
| the public as to what a "Nimble six-i
| pence" will do. '&-%
| Remember and be fitted to Sorosis. You will hare |
8. great comfort and satisfaction. Z
I 50 THIRD STREET, San FrancIscoV S
| OP:N EVENIN6S. ' Second Shoe Store From Market St.: S
eeeeo9eao©«8oceeee©e»9a9©«08088»eees«e«ee»883
LARGER MAINS
FOR BELMONT
Spring Valley Company
Is Making Extensive
Improvements.
Daily Water Supply of City
Will Be ; Largely In
creased.
The Spring • Valley Water Company is
making extensive additions to its pump
ing plant at Belmont by which the daily
capacity of water pumped to this city
via Millbrae will be increased from 10,
000,000. to 15,000,000 gallons. The cost of
the improvement now being made ■ will
exceed $300,000. j)
During the last three weeks a contract
has been let to the Jjaidlaw-Dunn-Gordan
Company of Cincinnati for th/ee engines,
each of 4,000,000 gallons capacity for every
twenty-four hours. The cost of the en
gines reaches nearly $70,000. The engines
are now in course of manufacture, and
it is expected will be in transit for this
city within the next four weeks.
The laying of larger mains from the
Belmont station to Dunbarton Point in
Alameda County has been in progress
tor some time under the supervision of
Engineer Schussler. About ten days since
Mr. Schussler met with an accident while
driving • in Oakland, receiving injuries to
his knees which now confine him to his
home at 1905 Van Ness avenue. Efforts
made to see Mr. Schussler last night were
unavailing. President Charles Webb How
ard in the course of an interview said:
It is true the Spring Valley Comoany is
making extensive enlargements of its Belmont
plant. We have had two 11- inch water mains
in use at the plant for some years, and the
need of increasing our capacity has long beea
urgent. We then began the laying of two 22
inch mains across the bay to Dunbarton Point,
a distance of 6400 feet. These tubes are of the
best quality, and especially prepared for the
purpose to which they are devoted. We expect
to . have the works completed in about two
months and to have the entire Increased plant
in operation within the coming four months.
There is no especial significance about this im
provement. We are constantly increasing our
capacity everywhere, and as much of San
Francisco's waler supply comes from our Bel
mont station it was directly in line. These two
extra mains will give us an increased capacity
of 5,000,000 gallons a day. I do not know the
precise cost of the improvement/but it will be
considerable.
The directors of the company will visit
the scene of the operations to-morrow or
Friday. The method of laying the large
mains across the bay to Dunbarton
Point wili be inspected. The tubes are
laid on the bottom of the bay with ball
and socket joints, the whole forming a
delicate piece of work. The two mains
converge into a S6-inch main, through
which the water is pumped toward San
Francisco. , ••■■'■.■-'
Sick Children Receive Good Care.
Mrs. J. R. Hanify, secretary of the Cal
ifornia Club, stated at a meeting of the
club yesterday that it was . generally sup
posed in San Francisco that the children
of the; poor suffering , from a contagious
disease would not be admitted into a hos
pital. ' Miss -Patton, superintendent of
nurses of the City and County Hospital,
has informed . the California Club that
they have rooms for poor children In
special buildings, where they, are well
cared for by a doctor and nurses. The
announcement by Mrs. Hanify was made
to rectify a report recently made to the
club.
Violates the Barber Law.
Frank L. Grcenberg, proprietor of the
Safe Deposit barber shop, Montgomery
street, was arrested on a warrant charg
ing him with violating the new barber
law. He was released on bail. The com
plaining witness is J. J. Calish, Barber
Commissioner, who alleges that Green
berg .refuses to display his certificate in
a place in his shop where it can be seen.
DIRECT LINES
TO SANTA ROSA
Two Sets of Survey ors
Are Tracing the
Routes.
Stakes of Southern Pacific
Indicate Terminal at
McNears.
. Surveys for a railroad from McNears
Landing or California City on the bay of
San Francisco to Santa Rosa -via Peta
luma and San Rafael signify,, important
developments of the country immediately
north of this city. There are two surveys
being made. One Is for an electric road
from Santa Rosa to Sausalito and the
other for a Southern Pacific line follow
ing the California . Northwestern / road
from Santa Rosa to a point one mile
from San Rafael, whence the line runs
across to McNears Landing. The elec
tric , line surveyors are keeping to . the
county road and their staKes run from
San kafaei to Petal uma. ,
There is an impression among men who
are largely interested in Sonoma and
Marln counties that the Southern Paciiio
is making a feint in order to get control
by purchase or lease of the California
Northwestern Hallway, but it is the Judg
ment of practical railroad men that the
freight and passenger, traffic available
will tully justily the construction of an
independent, direct route, even .if the
new line shall parallel for some distance
the road of which Colonel A. "W. Foster
is president, and which now constitutes
the only direct line between San Fran
cisco, Petaluma, Santa Rosa, Cloverdale
and Healdsburp. . - j
The prospect of great 'activity in the
projection and construction of electric
lines for carrying passengers may have
spurred the steam railway companies to
energetic consideration of future require
ments. There is certainly a big and
promising field for railway extension in
the section commonly known as North
ern California. Electric lines may con
tribute largely to the new development.
Observant railway men incline to tho
opinion that the first steps in the con
struction of a great electric system to
bring the urban and suburban districts
close together will be taken on the
peninsula of San Francisco by the ex
tension of the electric line to San Jose
and be followed by the further construc
tion of a line from the Santa Clara Val
ley to Oakland. The Southern Pacific
managers, apprehending competition of
this kind, and knowing by experience
gained in Los Angeles that electric roads
can divert steam railway travel, are pre
paring to shorten the time and the dis
tance between the metropolis and the
valley of Santa Clara.
I Electric railways connecting country
villages with towns and extending from
town, to town to important cities hav«j
given the old line railway corporations of
the East something to consider. By trans
ferring from one electric line to another
one can easily go from Boston to Spring
field by the trolley lines. The extensions
in progress will soon enable travelers to
journey on roads of this kind from Boston
to New York. In fact. It is claimed that
the journey can now be made on electric
car lines from one city to the other.
Eastern capital in vast sums is coming
to California for investment, and it would
not surprise practical men if large sums
should - be expended in the development
of a system of electric lines to bring the
cities and towns of Sonoma and Napa
counties into close relations with the
chief city; of the State. .
The ample deep water facilities at Mc-
Nears Landing will doubtless be utilized
by the promoters of the "new. steam rail
way from Santa Rosa to the bay. It Is
estimated that the ferry-boat can make
the run from McNears to San Francisco
in; forty-five minutes. •• ■ —
Billy Backalley-You steer, the boat
while I row. Tommy Tuffnut— I'd rud
der-not. . .
wfj *'/ V.\ is one ' of the
HI 'I /\\ latest c r e a-
H& 'I / - \ \ tions of the de-
|fi|jA .^r> v. *■. \.\ signer and is
' \ \ exceedingly
■ \ j^A | 'chic and
■ ■' ' \ 'i»/ S ra ceful.
': : i , *\ . ■ There are
• ■ i ; • \\ , several impor-
' ; • fcjY J tant advantages
; W \ k m nav * n K u s
■' i p- \f make your gar-
j i'X:} /i ments. First,
jM yr •/fV you are sure to
r^v. j?- 1 \ Bet ' the vef y
7 *-^ri\ \ ne west styles;
hu*lf!C Mj*^- \ you £ et high-
/j' ;v*. . ■'/]??> \ grade fabrics
/^Mr^W& V hat are design-
L^-< ££>r -M0% \ e 9 excln-
\L_— JUS feptOy- sively -for
-*£■ r«> us; you get
the best workmanship known to the
tailor's ' art— and the. price is no higher
than for ready-made garments.
TAILOR»f
914. MARKET? St.- b^ Fr&ncttco
that have all the best h|| ; f||i!ls$l
there is in style and pfl! ; • \%?&$0
fabric;* that give ||| j ; '■. :!ihg^
dash to the figure, ra ! j |ij|i I ■
tone to the carriage >8p \\\ :i| §|
and create respect vU [ ; [j i = |f3
for good taste. They /III j ! !! | | .
. have the right ■ hang, iff; j;i }|fii |;:|a
and will delight you<f|y h :j[:i;|i:ffi
with their wearing yrP' "'Ijj^
qualities. The price vMjlf vl «&
will suit, and our Or - .
terms are , . .. ;.'<;
$LOO
a week.
128 EllJS Sk Aboveftwell
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I/BARNT AND WASHINGTON BTS.—RE-
• m modeled and renovated. rKING. WABD&
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $3 week ; $8 to J20 month. Free . baths ;
hot <and cold water every room; flre. grates in
every room; elevator run* all night. _ -.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
t ' '
Ladles 1 Linen, Cambric ani Sheer Linen Hemstitched
HANDKERCHIEFS, I and I Inch hem
.... $1.50, $2.00, $3.00, np to $9.00 Dozsn
Ladles' Sheer Linen Hand-Embroldere! HANDKER-
CHIEFS, hemstitched, scalloped and laGe edges
15c, 25c, 50c, op to $5.00 Each
Ladles' Linen Camhrlc and Sheer Linen Initialed hand-
kerchiefs, i-lnch hem $1.00, $1.50 and $3.00 Box
r. Ha" Dozen In a Box.
Ladles' Sheer Linen DemlLaunderel Hemstitched and
Embroidered HANDKERCHIEFS (5c and 25c Each
Ladles' Sheer Linen HANDKERCHIEF CENTERS, 9 and 11
Inches srjuare, I and I Inch hem^ 25c and 40c Eacb
Gents' Linen Cambric Hemstitched HANDKERCHIEFS,
i; I and 1 Inch hem $2.00, $3.00, op to $9.00 Dozen
Gents' Initialed Linen Cambric HANDKERCHIEFS, MnGh
hem....... $1.50, $2.40 and $3,00 Box
Half Dozen In a Box.
Gents' Plain Silk Hemstitched HANDKERCHIEFS
50c, 75c, $1.00 and $1.25 Eacb
Gents' Initialed Silk HANDKERCHIEFS
...;......... .40c, 50c, 75c and $1.00 Each
Gents' Silk REEFERS and MUFFLERS, m White, Black
and colors .*. $1.00 Dp to $2.50 Each
Ladles' Real Duchesse Lace HANDKERCHIEFS and
COLLARS $2.00 to $30.00 Each
We have also received a large shlpmsnt or LADIES'
NECKWEAR, In LlbertD and Net Ruffs, Silk Stock
Ties ani Jahots and. Feather Boas.
OUR GLOVE ORDERS MAKE VERY ACCEPTABLE
CHRISTMAS GIFTS.
HI, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
STILL FIGHTING
FOR SUTRD GOLD
Alleged Widow of De
ceased Capitalist Piles
New Suit.
Clara Kluge Sutro la determined to get
a share of the" estate of Adolph Sutro.
who she claims was her husband and
the father of her two children.
"When the Sutro will was filed for pro
bate, a short time after the death of the
aged capitalist, she commenced her battle
for recognition and wealth by contesting
tho will, claiming that she was his wife
and entitled to a share of the estate. The
case is still pending. It was rumored a
short time ago that it would 1 never be
tried, as a compromise of some sort had
been effected. That there was no truth
in the rumor is. shown by the tiling yes
terday of a second contest.
This time the plaintiff is contesting the
will on behalf of her children, whom she
names in the complaint as Adolph Newton
Sutro and Adolphine Charlotte Sutro.
Clara Kluge Sutro in the complaint filed
yesterday alleges that she is the wife of
Adolph Sutro and that he is the. father
of her little boy and girl. She alleges
further that there Is another will in ex
istence besides the one dated May 22. 1S82,
which was offered for probate. She also
alleges that this, other will, executed, she
claims, In the year 1S95, makes
her and tho two children beneficiaries.
She claims that she does not know where
the document is, and that a proper search
was wot made for it. The last will, which
she alleges is the document which should
be offered for probate, has either been
lost, concealed or destroyed.
COT7BT SETS ASIDE SATYF,
OF EMERY'S SECURITIES
Decides That Bartlett Doe Was Not
the Highest Bidder for the
Property.
Superior Judgo Hebbard decided yester
day morning that the sale of securities
which Bartlett Doe- holds In pledge for
money loaned to J. S. Emery is invalid.
The suit was brought by Emery . to set
aside the sale, for an accounting' and to
declare a trust. The court based its de
cision on the- grounds that Bartlett Doe
was not the highest bidder, and . that
Charles F. Doe failed to make good the
amount of his bid. By reason of Emery's
default, title to the securities did not pass
to Doe, and it is a question whether
Bartlett Doe does not hold the balance of
$14,000 in trust for Emery.
The suit in the first instance srrew out
of a debt of $47,000 upon two promissory
notes which J. S. Emery owed to Bartlett
Doe. The notes were secured by certain
bonds and securities which Emery depos
ited with Doe. Bartlett Doe notified
Emery that on a certain - date his securi
ties would be disposed of at a public auc
tion £ale. At this sale, which was at
tended by JV S. Emery, Bartlett Doe and
Charles F. Doe, Bartlett Doe b.o. $47 000
for the securities, but his brother, Charles
F. Doe, bid $52,350, and at that figure thev
were sold to him. The successful bidder
advanced his check for $47,000. but he neg
lected to pay. over the $5000 balance.
Charles F. Doe's check was finally re
turned to him, and Bartlett Doe continued
in possession of the property, eventually
disposing of it for $61,750.
Admitted to the Bar.*
Twenty-six applicants for admission to
the bar of California were examined by
the Supreme Court . Monday. The follow
ing -named are announced as having been
successful: Thomas D. Johnston, "Willis
S. Mitchell, W. G. Hudson, Patrick R
Parker, Angelo Conte, Claude W. Devorc
W. R. Geary, Harry L. Paddock, John J.
Sullivan. Ernest L.. Reguin, Thomas M.
Diviny, George B. Collons, Walter F.
Vane, John A. Harvey, Arthur C. Frank
lin, Stanley Moore. H. "W. Brewer
Sionhart's Flaxseed Balsam
WUl cure your cough; 60 cents; at all druuUts*.
'.>"-'-'>-' 'Phone Howard 1021. l
113 TAYLOR STKE.ET.
EVERT ITEM A DISTINCT MONET
SAVER.
.OPEN EVENINGS.
BUl ! ER Choice o^^lnds." "6ur 33;jC
pnee always the lowest on best grade of
table butter.
43c BOX CRACKERS 38c
RAISINS pSg s e e s ed ? a :.. .!. pouna 253
New, extra large. \
3 TINS TAMAT.KS 25c- /
FRRC Cal. Ranch, dozen nA m
L.UUO Large white— guaranteed. ujUO
POPCORN 5 LB3. 25 C /
HIINTPR HYF TOtaon's Hermltas/ or
Quart bottle i 3gC
3 bottles limit. Regular $1 25. $1 35.
SMALL WHITE BEANS. 6 LBS. 25c.
CApnillCC French import. S tins.. QC ft
OrVnUlftLo Clement Brand. In pur»Z0G
Olive Oil.
SUGAR CORN, 3 TINS 25c
TCA Uncolored Japan or English QO« ,
ILK Breakfast, pound UUUi
New Teas, full of strength— Chest prtc*H
29c, usually 50c. ?
3 TINS PINK SALMON 25c.
SNIDER'S F&J^&g&g* 25c
Pint size— Price cut in half this week.
ROCK AND RYE. 90c BOTTLE 6Oc
WAFERS r d te . d -^ c . t .^....^. c . y :..l6c
American Biscuit Co.'s best, usually 20c.
20c COMB HONEY 15c.
wines r . s . h ?^.::^ t . i ::.......65c
High class wines at Kaber's price. Five-
year-old sample at store.
COOKING RAISINS. 5 LBS. 25c
WHISKEY §Sl s fe? ou f b^....55c
Gallon $2. Exceptional value. One of our
standing advertisements.
QUEEN OLIVES, 30c QUART 20c-
CITRON ptu 3 n o d n . an . d . c^.f tt ..!f. e . 1 :.....llc
Very best crystallized. Thursday only
COGNAC BRANDY, QUART 55c.
PRUNES 5iS£ff!^... 25c i
Like fresh ripe fruit when cooked— regu-
lar 12%c pound.
HOLLAND GIN, 90c BOTTLE 60c .
PI AR-T "Sonoma" Table Wine, Afll»
ULAri I Gallon '♦■UC
Carefully aged. Ask to sample. Perfect
for bottling. Faber*s Price.
6 to 11 o'clock Saturday night— Money
given away.
Every article exactly as advertised.
SOAP Po U fa a r7e' 3 b?rs St . I^ U . n . <5 ! y :......-25C
H. 0. OATMEAL J23ESU™. fife
rSSE'HlOBE fe&fafiSKZ.Hfc
W!NES 4O s c ..T a . ri .!!l? 3 :.. s ..?.V.$l.00
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
{HUSEUM OF ANATOHYJ
9 C& 1051 V0XZZ3Z SS. feet 6&*7&, 5.7.&J. £
T Cj fce Lvzest Anatomical Museum in the \
m i j3 World. Weaknesses of any contracted Q ■
< SsrsSJ *seaie j»«l«l»"«y c«r»4 njr the oldest X
© lK?rt' Specialist on the Coau. Est.36 yean. ($
4 A?K*i 0R - JORDAN-DISEASES OF HEN Q
\ »f$53!>* Consultation free and strictly pri-rite. \
m I \8&s * Treatment personally or by letter. A Q
\ fi if Si \ Poiitivt Curta every case undertaken. T
A B /» II £ Writs for Book. PI2ILOSOPI1Y of A
7 * 'I " nARnrAGR. mailed free. ( a 7 *
\ ft H valuable book for nrn> \
9 DK. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. P. Y
DR.MQNULTY: \
T»HIS WEIX-KNOWST AND RKLIABLE OLD
.1 Specialist ewe* Blood Poison. aonorrhoaa.Oleet, ,
.Stricture, .seminal Weakness, Impotpnceand their 1
allied Disorders, liook on Diseases of Men. fr*«, i
Over207ears>xperience.Terni*reaannablG. H«te£. 1
8to3daay:6:30to3.30ev'SS.8undATii,10f>12. CnnJn). i
tatlou free and sacredly conflden tlaL Call or addres* '•
p. romcoe aicxui/nr, m. d.
£GH Kearny » t^ Han Francisco, Cal.