SOME OF THE MEN WHO WERE PROMINENT IN THE PROCEEDINGS OF
THE CONVENTION OF THE CALIFORNIA MINERS IN GOLDEN GATE
HALL YESTERDAY.
MEMBERS DEVOTE MUCH TIME
TO TOPICS OF IMPORTANCE
7 HE' California Miners' Association yesterday held tzvo
lively sessions, at which reports were received from tzvo
of the.- leading committees, who submitted matters for
consideration that are of the first importance to the tnimng^ in
dustry of California. They refer particularly to the mineral
lands bill and to the test case which it is proposed to bring to
try the constitutionality, of the anti-debris law. . Resolutions in
memory of. William McKinley wereiwanimously adopted by
a rising vote.
Continued on Page Three.
GRANT A COMMUTATION
TO JOHANNES BOTHA
British Authorities Decide That the
Young Fighter Should Not Be
Executed.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 22.— The sentence of
.death recently imposed upon Johannes
< Botha has been commuted to imprison
ment for life. Commandant Scheeper has
been added to the list of those sentenced
to riermanent banishment from South Af
rica.
\u25a0 PUEBLO. Colo., Oct. 22.— A special
courier to the Star Journal brings news
of wild excitement over a gold discov
ery at Beulah, thirty-eight miles west <.f
this city. Five hundred claims have been
located in the past twenty-four hours. A
ledge of free milling gold returns nearly
$2000 a ton. Pueblo people are rushing to
the place.
Wild Excitement in Gold Fields.
The Times, confirming the report that
General Buller preferred dismissal to
resignation, expresses astonishment at
his "amazing defects of judgment and
sense of military discipline," and says it
hopes the change is the beginning of an
era of real army reform.
The Daily Chronicle and the Daily News
attack the Government for weakness and
lack of courage in ever appointing. Gen
eral- Buller to the command of an army
corps.
LONDON. Oct. 22.— The War Office an
nounces that after a consideration of all
the circumstances of General Buller'a
speech of October 10 and the explanations
thereof furnished by General Buller, ho
has been relieved of his command and
placed on half pay. The King has op
proved the appointment of General
French to succeed Buller as commander
of the First Army Corps, the appointment
to become effective when French's ser
vices are no longer required in South -Af
rica. Pending his return, General Hild
yard will assume command.
General' Buller's supercesslon was not
unexpected, but the manner of it has
caused a sensation. It is understood that
the Government endeavored to break the
fall by giving him the option of resigning,
but that Buller declined to give way. The
morning papers all express sympathy for
the unfortunate ending of a brilliant
career, but they are unanimous that no
other course was open after his indiscreet
speech,* and they express the greatest ap
proval of the selection of General French
to succeed him.
Indiscreet Speech of the General the
Immediate Cause of His
Dismissal.
BTJLLER HAS LEFT
THE ARMY OF BRITAIN
There are some facts that have not been
mentioned ' previously that illustrate the
peculiarities of an episode that probably
has never been paralleled in mining his
tory. It has [been published in The Call
that after the convention of the" miners
was adjourned Monday the special .com
mittee went: to the office of the Debris
Commission and there held a protracted
conference. At the end of the talk W. C.
Ralston emerged from the Flood .build
ing, tightly gripping in his ' stout : right
hand a sack which "contained $2500 in shin-
Ing gold pieces. He turned down Market
street and went to the hotel where
O'Brien was supposed to be. O'Brien, by
the way; after his appearance at the min
ers' convention . that day, the first day of
the proceedings, went directly away, but
having had time to hear that the conven
tion proposed to. collect the money and to
offer it to him' and so force an issue. -
Ralston did not find O'Brien at the ho
tel. The committee did not mean to be
balked by trifles and at once began to use
the . wires to Smartsville, where ! O'Brien
lives, to find out where he: was stopping
and they learned. at a late hour Monday
night that he was supposed to ; be at ; the
home of a daughter who : lives : on Myrtle
street In Oakland. ..: Notwithstanding : the
Ralston added that it; had been ascer
tained that the failure to make the tender
to O'Brien personally would not 'do any
harm.. The committee had : visited the
office of the United .. States Attorney and
had there: been advised that O'Brien's
own act in notifying/the Debris Commis
sion that he withdrew his option had ob
viated - any. difficulty ' occasioned by the
failure, to find him. When O'Brien so no
tified the commission he practically sahi
he -would decline to accept the
money in pursuance of thecarrylng out
of the option. The money had been raised
and was ready for O'Brien before the ex
piration of the option.- The United States
had already taken cognizance of O'Brlen'a
attitude ' by . bringing . suit in the' United
States Circuit' Court;to compel; him to
make the option good. , This information
pleased the convention.- With the state
ment the consideration of '\u25a0 the : O'Brien
matter before the convention was. closed
for the day.
Vain Search for O'Brien. - \u25a0
to the Farallones, whereat the members
of the convention laughed.
The text of the committee report, Is as
fellows:
Resolved, By the California State Miners' As-'
eoclatlon, that we mourn in William McKinley
the type of American citizen that we all honor;
Dsplore President's Death..
"All In favor of the adoption of these
resolutions," said President Voorhies,
"will please rise."
The scene was • impressive. The entire
hall had been patriotically decorated
with the national colors. From galleries
depended gay festoons of bunting, and
the shields of the several counties of the
State gleamed at Intervals along the dra
peries, above which rose small American
flags. Picks and shovels told of the na
ture of the convention. Gay bannerets
of blue, with golden fringes, defined the
location of the numerous delegations
from the mining counties. Amid the ar
ray of bannerets and under the masses
of bunting and the insignia of their
craft the miners rose to their feet. Here
and there the light colored gowns of
ladles made a patch of color in relief.
Only the day before the Nestor of the
convention, J. H. Neff, had repeated to
the convention the famous . message that
Abraham Lincoln told Schuyler Colfax to
bring to the coast. "Tell the miners of
California" — so ran the words— "that the
country owes a debt of gratitude to
them." With that message still fresh in
mind the California miners paid respect
to the memory of McKinley.
"The resolutions," said President Voor
hles, not without a show of emotion, "are
unanimously adopted." <
yesterday at the convention of
the California Miners' Association and
stood silently a moment in testimony, of
their respect to the memory of William
McKinley, late President of the United
States. A special committee had been
appointed to draft suitable resolutions.
President Voorhles, presiding over the
deliberations of the convention, an
nounced that the committee was ready
to report. Professor Christy of the min
ing department of the University* of Cali
fornia, took the center of the stage and
read, solemnly and slowly, the resolu
tions in which the ' death of the nation's
chief was deplored.
MEN representing all the mining
counties in California, from
SIskiyou to San Diego, rose to
their feet in Golden Gate Hall
One of the delegates facetiously sug
gested that O'Brien. had gone for a trip
The entire second day of the miners'
convention was crowded with matters of
concern to the mining industry. 'There
were addresses and reports, the latter be
ing filled with facts. The interests of
the petroleum miners received attention.
Once more the matter of O'Brien's option
on lands for the restraining basin of the
Yuba River Works came up.
When the convention adjourned for the
day O'Brien had not been found. The
special committee appointed to locate
him and make proffer of the $2500 in cash
that was raised on the preceding day re
ported through the chairman, W. C. Ral
ston, that although efforts had been made
to place O'Brien failure had so far been
the result. As the option was dated bn
October 22, 1900, and yesterday .was the
22d, marking the full expiration of the
time for the payment of the money, Ral
ston reported also that the committee
were of the opinion that they would, not
be able to make the tender personally to'
O'Brien. ,
O'Brien Still Missing.
Resolved, That, recognizing in loyal • citizen
ship* the strongest safeguard against anarchy,
we call upon every American to do his whole
duty aa a citizen, to create and maintain a
quickened public sentiment which shall not only
aid in the enactment of wise and Just laws,
but shall compel them to be respected and en
forced. W« most especially urge our courts
to aid In such swift and certain admlnstratlon
of Justice as shall command the respect and
confidence of the people; be it further
Resolved, That we urge upon Congress to
pass such Immigration laws as while enabling
all honorable and worthy foreigners to become
citizens shall vigorously exclude from our coun
try all who, are unwilling to abide by Its
laws. '
Resolved, That we wish to express with the
entire civilized world our abhorrence of govern
ment by assassination as foreign to the spirit
of our civilization, and as the mortal foe oC all
that makes for patriotism or progress; be. it
further '
the brave Eoldier, the tender and devoted hus
band, the generous and loyal friend, the public
spirited citizen, the wise statesman. His broad
sympathies with every section of our great
country, his long and useful public life, his
tragic end, his generous kindness and sublime
faith in the face of death have made us forget
differences of parties and creeds, and we stand
by his grave united In our common loss; be it
further
One of the most important pieces of work for
this convention will be to take all due care that
in the . remaining legislation to be passed by
Congress . upon this subject there shall be no
deviation by a hair's breadth from the original
purpose of this scheme of legislation, or from
the understanding under which this scheme of
legislation has had the approval of the Cali
fornia-State Miners' Association. For what
ever purpose, or upon whatever foundation In
timations have been fluttering In the air, of late
that there might be an attempt made' In the
coming session of Congress, j in the bill appro
priating the remaining $150, 000, to incorporate
some proviso or clause which would nullify the
A very interesting report was sub
mitted to the convention by the commit
tee on legislation through the chairman
of the committee, John F. Davis of Ama
dor County. The committee maintained
the doctrine championed by it at two pre
ceding conventions of the miners that fu
ture legislation with reference to the law
of mining in almost . all its branches
should *be amendatory of existing Federal
law rather than "independent statutory
amendment at the hands of the Legisla
ture. - - Generally speaking, so .. the com
mittee reported, there was nothing in the
geology of California which required min
ing legislation of such a peculiar .nature
that it could be obtained only from.* the
State Legislature, 1 , The following resolu
tion was recommended for passage by the
convention:
Resolved. That wo heartily favor the amend
ments to sections 2319, 2320, 2324, of the Revised
Statutes of the- United States, \ concerning the
location of mining claims, bo that the locator
shall be accorded a reasonable time within
which to finally mark his surface boundaries
on tha ground; so that all local rules, regula
tions and customs of miners and all State and
territorial law on \ the location of mining
claims shall be abolished; and so that, whllo
liberal provision 'shall be made for the protec
tion of the locator who holds and works . his
claim In good faith, the law concerning annual
assessment work shall most effectually check
the present Injurious practice of holding claims
year after year without practical development.
\u25a0 The committee also reported concerning
the work of securing additional legisla
tion and appropriations for the aid of the
Yuba River restraining barriers. The
Legislature had appropriated ! $150,000,
one-half of the remaining $300,000 that was
asked for. . It remained for Congress to
appropriate $150,000, the State having com
pleted its share of the work as suggested
in the recommendation of the California
Debris Commission. The committee re
ported: •
Report on Legislation.
lateness of the hour, there was a member
of the Debris Commission at a hotel on
Montgomery street who then had the coin
for O'Brien in charge. As soon as the
news came from Smartsville there was a
stir in the Palace Hotel, where the min
ers were holding committee meetings.
There was then a wild rush to' catch a
boat for Oakland, but this mission failed
of results, as- O'Brien was- not found.
Yesterday there was more searching, but
the advice of. the United States Attorney
made it appear that It was of less impor
tance than it had at first appeared wheth
er O'Brien was located or not.
For the purpose of any miner who desires to
take his chances under the act the test of the
constitutional question should be made in some
case brought against a company or person oper
ating under a duly obtained permit from the
commission, and not In any case against a
company or person not operating under' such a
permit. Not only Is that true, but the test
would have to be made In a case where a
farmer attacks the constitutionality of the act
on the ground that some constitutional right of
his. Is being abridged' by the. miner, working
under the permit of the commission, or by the
State of California contending that some of
its constitutional rights are being abridged by
the act of a miner operating under 'a duly ob-"
talned permit from the commission. No other
test will be of any avail; no obiter dictum of
any court In considering the act from any other
point of view or in any other controversy, other
than either of the two above set forth, will. at
The committee recommended as follows
concerning the case to be brought to test
the act:
Such action, continued the committee, on the
part of the Anti-Debris Association, challenges
the constitutionality of the act and discloses
their purpose of getting the miner to submit
to that Jurisdiction without submitting to it
themselves. The question of the constitutional
ity of the act. as a protection to the miner,
has never been passed upon.
The committee reported that the min
ers who have availed themselves of the
terms of the act have complied with the
onerous terms imposed and have in every
such instance gone before .the commis
sion. The Anti-Debris Association, on
the other hand, when they have • com
plained of mines working Injuriously un
der permit, do not go before the same tri
bunal to ask for a revocation or modifi
cation of the permit, as they can do at
any time, but have of late been going Into
the Superior courts of California, asking
for injunctions.
The Red Dog: hydraulic mine has already
been closed down by injunction from the Su
perior. Court of Sutter County; the Polar Star
mine Is closed down under a temporary re
straining order from the same court, and suits
have been begun or are . threatened against
many other mines operating under the Juris
diction of the commission.
The committee also paid attention to
the law on the statute book for the pro
tection of minority stockholders In min
ing corporations. This law was discussed
at length. The committee found it to be
cumbersome and of no further use; there
fore its repeal was urged. Oil corpora
tions complained that the law hampered
their free" action. The instructions of the
preceding convention to the committee
were to have the constitutionality of the
California Debris Commission act tested.
The committee reviewed -. that act at
length, going back to the North Bloom
field decision.
Dehris Act Discussed.
good faith upon which all previous appropria
tions have received our support, and It will be
necessary, therefore, for thl3 association by
the means of a committee, or In some other
practical way, to see to it that in the bill
passed by the coming Congress there shall be
no rider and no variation of the phraseology,
or'of the terms In which 'the appropriation is
made. ' \u25a0
"The Bulgarian authorities, likewise
worried over the affair, are continually
arresting fugitives from Macedonia, and
this causes bad blood."
"United States Consul General Dickin
son, believing that they were members of
the American mission church, has de
manded an official Inquiry. Great brutal
ity exists in the district between Banista
and the frontier. Turkish officials have
arrested over 100 persona of Bulgarian
nationality and subjected them to torture
In order to wring from them Information
as to Miss Stone's whereabouts. Several
of them died under the torture.
Turkish and Bulgarian Troops Are
Active on the Frontier.
LONDON, Oct. 23.— The Morning Leader
publishes the following communication,
dated Saturday, October 19, from Sofia:
"On the frontier, near Grossbelovo yes
terday five fugitives from Banista, Mace
donia—among them a brother of Mme.
Tsilka, Miss Stone's companion— were
shot dead by Turkish frontier guards
while endeavoring to cross Into Bulgarian
territory.
SUSPECTS DIE UNDER TORTURE.
LONDON. Oct. 22.— According to the
Dsily Express, at a family conference
heM at 45 Portland square yesterday,
which was attended by Eugene Zimmer
man, it was arranged that he should pay
£50W, and Consuelo, Duchess of Man
chester, £2000, to liquidate the Duke of
Manchester's debts.
It was also announced that the present
tenant of Kimbolton Castle, the principal
peai: of the Duke of Manchester, has con
sen- ed to terminate the tenancy. In order
to gratify the wish of the young Duchess
thai: her accouchement might occur there.
V family party traveled to Kimbolton
Castle last night.
FOCATELLO, Idaho, Oct 22.— The Ore
gon Short Line west-bound fast mail No. 1
was wrecked four miles east of McCam
mon a.t 2:20 this afternoon and Engineer
Edward Purtell and Fireman Paul Spirell,
both of Pocatello, were killed.
The engine climbed the rail of a filled-
In carve and went down the embankment
twenty feet, taking the mail, baggage and
buffet cars with it. It is believed that
Purtell and the fireman jumped and \u25a0were
buried under the wreckage. Two mall
clerks and the express messenger were
Blijrhtly bruised, but were able to take
part In the work of transferring the
mails. No passengers were Injured. En
gineer Purtell leaves a wife and three
children.
DEBTS OF MANCHESTER
WILL BE LIQUIDATED
Father-in-Law Zimmerman Arranges
for a Settlement of the Finan
cial Trouhle.
Engine and Cars Fall Down an Em-
bankment at a Curve in
Idaho.
T\7O TfTF.TT ABE KIT.T.KD
IN WRECK OF A TRAIN
IOWKLL, Mass., Oct. 22. — The money
ar.«l securities returned to the Merchant?
Bank by Albert G. Smith and Lewis H.
Swift through the latter' s counsel touched
thfs million mark. It Is now supposed that
the men have left the State. Negotiation
or no negotiation, if the men are found
they will be prosecuted. The case is in
the hands of the United States authorities
and a private detective agency has men
on the case acting for the surety com
pany. It was learned to-day that repeat
ed mistakes In recording deposits by Tel
ler Smith aroused the suspicion of a
prominent depositor, who last week com
mv.nicated with one of the officials of the
bank. This official confronted Smith with
the bank book in question, and charged
hira with irregularity on the record.
Eirith denied that anything was wrong,
and the matter was dropped for the time
being. This action, however, alarmed the
suspected men, and on the following
night they went to the bank, removed the
catih and securities, and Smith went to
Boston. It is believed that Swift took the
property to a camp in the neighboring
totrn of Dracut and concealed it
POLICE ARE SEARCHING
FOB, BAITS THIEVES
Million Dollars in Honey and Securi
ties Beturned to the Lo"well
Institution.
LONDON, Oct. 23.— "It is reported from,
Sofia," says the Vienna correspondent of
the Dally. Mail, "that United States Con
sul General Dickinson received Intelli
gence from, shepherds that Miss Stona
was seen at Jakoouda, on Turkish terri
tory, about two hours' journey from the
Bulgarian frontier."
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Oct. 22.— It is reported
that Madame Tsilka, the companion of
Miss Ellen M. Stone, the American mis
sionary captured by brigands, died re
cently in captivity.
VIENNA, Oct. 22.— "Miss Stone wa3
captured," says the correspondent of the
Neueste "Wiener Journal, "not by bris
ands, but by a detachment of Turkish
cavalry, at the instigation of. the Sul
tan."
CONSTANTINOPLE. Oct.* 22.— Should
no news be received during the next for
ty-eight hours from the missionaries who
are seeking the captors of Miss Ellen
Stone and her companion, Madame Tsilka.
more missionaries will be sent to assist
in locating the brigand band. It is un
derstood that the missionaries have been
waiting at places in the vicinity of where
the brigands are supposed to be, expect
ing to receive a communication from
them. It Is proposed now that a search
party shall be organized to penetrate to
the brigands' retreat.
Special Dispatch to The Calt.
PARIS. Oct. 22.— Figaro to-day states
th.it if 3L Santos-Dumont, the Brazilian
aeronaut, is successful In the proposed
trip across France to Corsica and Alge
ria, he will endeavor to cross the Atlantic
Ocean in 1302 In a balloon, larger than the
present one.
The Aerostation Commission has not de
cided whether Santos-Dumont is entitled
to the -prize of 100,000 francs offered by M.
Deutsch for a dirigible balloon. No decis
ior •will be made before November, as
thf! competition remains open until Octo
ber 21. If In the meantime another compet
itor should appear and fulfill the condi
tions he would share in the prize.
Prince Roland Eonaparte, president of
the 1 commission, and 31. Deutsch are both
of the opinion that Santos-Dumont has
\u25a0won the prize, and the latter has tele
graphed the aeronaut to this effect, add
ing* that he is convinced the commission
•will award it to him.
special Dispatch to The Call.
Searchers for the Missing Women
Now Propose to Penetrate to.
the Retreat of the Band
of Brigands.
If All Goes Well the Brazilian Aero
naut "Will Build a Big Balloon
With. Which, to Cross the
Ocean IText Year.
Miss Stone Said to Have Been
Captured at Instigation
of the Sultan.
This to Depend Upon Succsss
of Proposed Trip to
Corsica.
Reported Death of the
Companion of Ab
ducted Missionary.
Santos-Dumont Contem
plates Attempting a
Daring Exploit.
TO SAILOVER
THE ATLANTIC
IN AN AIRSHIP
Stinging Arraignment of the Railroad Is
Made in Connection With Report
Upon Mineral Land Segregation Bill
COMMITTEE RECOnriENDS
BRINGING SUIT T S O TEST
THE ANTI=DEBRIS LAW
MME. TSILKA
HAS PERISHED
IN CAPTIVITY
ASSOCIATED MINERS OF CALIFORNIA PROPOSE
ACTIVE CAMPAIGN TO AID A GREAT INDUSTRY
DELEGATES BY A RISING
VOTE PAY RESPECT TO
MEMORY OF McKINLEY
Representatives of Mineral Counties
Take Part in Impressive Scene That
Centered Under National Emblem
VOLUME XC— NO. 145.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, 'WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1901.
The San Francisco Call.JAMES D. RICHARDSON, SOV
EREIGN GRAND COMMAN
DER OF SCOTTISH RITE.
Two Chinese '-Dies in Flames.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 1 22;— A house at
Jtyde3 Landing,- on the Sacramento River
about thirty miles below this city, was
destroyed by fire last night and two Chi
nese were burned' to death. .
Stops the Cough.
And \u25a0 works oft the cold. Laxative Bronio
Quinine Tablets cure,a cold in one day,; No
Cure, No Pay. Price*" 25 cents. ' • •.;-.
• LOS>ANQELE8. Oct. 22.— The beekeep
ers "organized' to-day , ; " adopting the name
of Southern -California Honey" Associa
! tion. The purpose of the organization- is
; to handle the honey industry systematic
ally and to undertake the marketing of
the honey produced in Southern Califor
nia^ Local associations are to be formed
In every community where honey is pro
duced, and these assoclatloria are to elect
stockholders in the Southern .California
Association. -. .;.>;.;-
Beekeepers Organize.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 22.— When aged George
Barnes .'of Eden-vale decided to' take unto
himself a' partner: to share, his : joya and
sorrows he procured a marriage license
here, ' and, with . his bride, Elizabeth
Barnes, proceeded to San Francisco to
have the wedding solemnized. They had
no sooner settled down to a blissful life
in Palo Alto than a letter 'was received
from County Recorder Owen, wjth . whom
the certificate had been filed, informing
them their marriage was illegal because
it was performed outside of' the county
wherein it was procured. . Legal counsel
confirmed the opinion. Yesterday the
Barneses were remarried by Rev. E. F.
Brown of the Centella. Church in this city.
Marriage Knot Legally Tied.
Thrown From Her Carriage.
CORTE MADERA, Oct. 22.— Mrs. G. B.
Smith and her son Arthur of Cort'e Ma
dera, Miss N. A. Hewson of St. Paul anil
Mrs. H, Ricketson of 114 Hyde street,
San Francisco, engaged a team here on'
Sunday to drive to Ross. station. -While
at the top of a steep hlll'flear EscaHe sta
tion their horses ballced and the carriage
was overturned. Each member of this
party was more or less bruised, but. none
were seriously injured except Miss Hew
son, who is still confined to her bed as a
result , of the accident. / -
SAN JOSE, Oct. 22.— A prisoner,, who
has Just completed a ninety-day sentence
at the County Jail under the name of
Harris, has been identified as Dr. J. H.
Swain, who escaped from the Stockton
Insane Asylum. He \u25a0 was committed to
Stockton- from Bakersfield a year ago,
where - he was arrested for -.assault to
murder. His arrest here was for follow
ing and insulting school children. Swain
had previously had trouble In Denver. He
will be. taken back to . the Stockton
Asylum:'. \u25a0"• . . \ ' ' "?. -\u25a0 . •
Identified as Escaped Lunatic.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 22.— Following a
clear, warm morning, the weather be
came cloudy this afternoon, and at 4
o'clock a storm of a freaky, nature broke
over this place and Kern City. There
was a rainfall, accompanied by brisk, un
certain winds, for an hour; then there
came thunder showers and lightning.
While the rainfall was considerable here
and in Kern City, the storm did not reach
as far east as Offer's, Resort, which is
two miles from Kern City, nor . to the
first Southern Pacific telegraph station
in the opposite direction. No damage from
the storm is reported.
Bakersfield's Freaky Weather.
LONDON, Oct. 22.-An unconfirmed re
port which has reached London through
Berlin says a part of the Russian garri
son at Warsaw recently mutinied, firing
upon the officers, and that 300 men will be
court-martialed.
Court-Martial for Three Hundred.
FRESNO, Oct. 22.-Mayor Stephens to
night signed an ordinance prohibiting
gambling in every form. Chief of Police
Morgan personally notified the gambline
houses that they must close... > •
No Gambling in Fresno.
SWINGS A ROLLING-PIN
TO PREVENT MURDEB
San Jose Young Man Knocks Down
His Bloodthirsty Father
in-Law. »
SAN JOSE. Oct. 22.— The wielding of a
rolling pin in the hands of his brawny
6on-in-law prevented Frank .Williams
killing his wife and daughter at his home
on Race street last night. As it was, the
would-be murderer was rendered uncon
scious and before he recovered his senses
he had been locked in jail and charged
with assault to commit murder.
With Williams and his wife have lived
their daughter and her husband, Frank
Hines. For some time the two couples
have not got aiong very well. On Sun
day Williams chased his wife with a large
knife. Last night he pursued her with
an aoc. declaring- he would kill her. His
daughter and Hines came to the rescue,
and Hines struck Wiiliams down with a
rolling pin before he could do any
damage.
After his arrest Williams said the only
reason he did not kill the "whole outfit"
was because he had no pistol. He at
tributes all the trouble to his son-in-law.
Williams is an engineer and about 50
years of age.
Kings County Pioneers Organize.
HANFORD, Oct. 22.— This was "pioneer
day" at the Kings County Agricultural
Fair. Thousands of old-time settlers of
the San Joaqnin Valley attended. An in
teresting programme had been prepared,
and at its conclusion a society to be
known as the Kings County Pioneers was
organized-
REDDING, Oct. 22.— Because he was of
an inquiring turn of mind 9-year-old Her
man Beshaw of Quartz Hill is in a pre
carious condition and death may relieve
his sufferings. The youngster asked the
head of a neighboring family how steam
wa3 made." The man, who was a miner,
entered into .an explanation, and, to ad-
Just it to the boy's mind, told Herman
that if he placed a* coal oil can full of
water over a lire and allowed no oppor
tunity for the steam to escape it would
burst the can. At the same time ho
warned the youngster against trying the
experiment.
Mr. and Mrs. Beshaw paid a visit, to
Keswlck yesterday. Their boy and a
young son of Mr. and Mrs. John Kemble,
a neighboring family, proceeded to try
the steam experiment. Herman Beshaw
procured a syrup can, filled it with water,
corked it up tightly and placed it over a
fire. they. built on the ground. The ex
pected explosion occurred, but earlier than
the youngsters expected. Steam and hot
water struck Herman on the face, chest
and arms, scalding him frightfully. The
other !ad escaped with slight scalds on
the face. •\u25a0 Little Herman's recovery is
doubtful - \u25a0' '-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0;•. ' ." v .' •
Heats Water in a Tightly Corked Can
and Is Badly Scalded by
Explosion.
CHILD'S PRECOCITY MAY
RESULT IN HIS DEATH
Washington— Dempsey B. Hanson, Se
attle, assignor by mesne assignments one
half to Allis-Chalmers Company, sawmill
set works. ' ' '
Patents were granted to-day as follows:
California— Lahlra J. Barber, Eaglesville.
hay or grain gatherer; John Barnett, Los
Angeles, propeller; William A. Doble. San
Francisco, water wheel; Albert J. Mosa,
Los Angeles,, level; William Munn, as
signor to Alaska Packers' Association,
San Francisco, . can cleaning machines ;
Adolph' P. Palmer, assignor to Palmer
Gold Mining and Separating Company,
Oakland, gold separator; Alvin Schubert,
Sacramento, producing lime "or ; cement
and combustible gases; Percy R. Stuart,
Oakland, assignor to A. Leschen & Sons'
Rope Company, St. Louis, cable 'grip.-
Oregon— Christian L: von der Ahe, Port
land, bicycle rest; Ambersine Weisenback,
Reedville, egg or cake beater.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22.— The Postofflce
Department announced the following to
day: Postmaster commissioned: Califor
nia—Joseph Zeller, Bouldin Island.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Original— Finley J. Broderick. Han
ford, $6. War with Spain— Fred Cliff, San
Francisco, $8. Increase— Oliver Emlay.
Oakland, $12; Thomas Dolan. Veterans'
Home, Napa, $8; Eugene Tassell, Banta,
$8; Michael Damphoffer Jr., Descanso, $8.
Oregon: Increase— David Fleming, Oak
land, $8: John C. Giltner, Forest Grove,
$8. Widows— Mary Casaday. Portland, $8;
Arvllla D. Swalne, Salem. $20.
Washington : . Increase — William M.
Post. New Whatcom. $8. . .
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Ssrvicc
and More New Pensions
Issued.
SANTA ROSA. Oct.'22.— The Tordi will
contest came up this morning in Judge
Dougherty's department of the Superior
Court. Indications are that the case will
be fought bitterly. The contestant, Mrs.
Sarah J. Yordl, alleges that the document
purporting to be her husband's last will
and testament was not signed by him and
was obtained by undue influence upon the
part of decedent's children.
Frederick Yordi, whose estate }s now in
litigation, was a pioneer Cloverdale mer
chant who left considerable property,
several grown children and a young wife.
YoungWidow of Cloverdale Merchant
Makes Accusations Ag-ainst
Stepchildren.
YORDI WELL CONTEST
TO BE BITTERLY FOUGHT
There were -few men better --known in
the county than Judge Steelej «He was
about 76 years of age. ;
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Oct. 22.— The death
of Judge ' George Steele, which occurred
at his home this morning, was a shock to
the community. He was a member of
the well-known family of that name,
many members of which have been prom
inent in the State's history.
Judge Steele's death was occasioned by
blood poisoning, which he contracted from
a sick horse. He was in San Luis Obispo
on Wednesday last and was seemingly
as hale and hearty as possible for a man
of his years. Shortly after he returned
home he remarked that he did not feel
well. On Friday a physician was sum
moned, but the Judge gradually sank.
Venerable San Luis Obispo Citizen
Contracts Blood Poisoning
From a Horse.
JUDGE GEORGE STEEI/E
DIES FROM QUEER, CAUSE
SEATTLE, Oct. 22.— Gold nuggets from
the rich creeks of Nome district were
served as dessert at a remarkable dinner
given in Nome on September 39 by ten of
the well-known miners who are associated
as the Pioneer Mining Company. The
center piece on the banquet table was the
immense nugget, valued at $1760, recently
taken from Discovery claim on Anvil.
Surrounding this were \u25a0 smaller nug
gets, valued In all at $2100. which, with
the last course of the menu, were dis
tributed among the guests. The dessert
nuggets were irom Glacier Creek.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
None of the young men faltered because
of the probability of a case of smallpox
developing on their hands, and now all
runs znerriiy. The couples married were:
Miss Mary Grace Wills of Seattle and
Raymond Brumsbaugh; Miss Emma
Pugh of Vancouver. B. C, and J6hn M.
Keefer; Miss Rosa Wagner of San Fran
cisco and John Billerby; Miss Emma
?, r0 T Wn °,i Vancouver. B. C. and Simon
McDonald.
DAWSON, Oct. 3, via Seattle, Oct. 22.—
Four birdes-to-be, one from San Fran
cisco, who arrived from the outside on
the steamer Yukoner, coming in to be
married here, had a romantic conclusion
to their engagements. It happened that
the steamer had brought several small
pox patients down the river a trip or two
before that on which the brides came.
The health officers did not learn the fact
until this later trip, when the, Yukoner
was about to land in Dawson with the
brides and her other passengers.
The vessel was, unexpectedly to those
on board, boarded here and fumigated,
and all the passengers not having vacci
nation certificates or being unable to
make affidavit that they "had been vacci
nated within the last seven years were
required to submit to the operation on
the vessel. Two of the intending brides
had to bare their arms with the others
The trouble did not end here. The bag
gage of the young ladies ,was seized for
fumigation, and three who would not de
lay their wedding even a day had the
ceremony enacted in their ordinary gar
ments, while the trousseaus were treated
with sulphur. The steamer got in at sun
set and before midnight three of the
couples were wedded. The ceremony
uniting the fourth took place three days
later.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 22.— So far as the
laying of the rails and ties is concerned
the Sunset Railroad, from Gosford to the
town of Sunset, is completed. However,
many days will elapse before the trains
will be run on regular trips, as the work
of leveling and filling in is yet to be done.
The schedule for the trains has not as yet
been arranged, but President C. N. Beal
said that an extra train probably would
be run over the line until the traffic war
rants the operating ' of passenger and
freight trains separately. -
The completion of the road has done
away -with the uncertainty in which the
Sunset district has been enveloped, and
it is said that extensive development
work will soon be commenced by new oil
companies and operations resumed by
those already in the field. Oil men who
have made a study of the situation assert
that the Sunset district ,is in the future
to be prominent in the oil industry of
California.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Owners of Nome Mines
Give a Remarkable
Banquet.
As a result of the tragedy Mr. Noble,
the husband and father, may lose his
reason. Grief appears to have temporar
ily unbalanced his mind.
CORONA,: Oct. 22.— The old- experiment
of pouring coal oil into a cookstqve to
revive a fire caused the horrible death
of Mrs. Frederick Noble and her two
year-old daughter here to-night.. ;
Shortly before 6 o'clock Mrs. Noble, who
wished to prepare the evening meal, at
tempted to restore a fire that had burned
in the stove by pouring oil upon the em
bers. An explosion followed and the burn
ing oil was cast in a shower upon her
and. her little daughter, who was playing
on the floor near the stove. Before others
of the household could extinguish the
flames the two were frightfully, burned. .
The babe lingered scarcely more than
an. hour and the mother passed away at
9:20 o'clock. Both suffered torture before
death relieved" them. . .,.. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Woes of Four, Misses
Who Journey to Daw
son to Wed.
New Road Penetrating
the Oil District Is
Completed.
Mother and Child Are
Burned to Death in
Corona."
BRIDES-TO-BE
IN QUARANTINE
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 22.— Harry Cor
bett, who is soon to referee the Jeffries-
Ruhlin fight, is up in the Frazier Moun
tains hardening his muscles by tussling
with big game. According to City .Mar
shal Jeff Packard, who returned from
that point this morning, Corbett, all by
himself, killed a bear which weighed an
even 600 pounds.
Corbett arrived in this city last week.
Accompanied by Marshal Packard, Con
stable McKamy, Thomas O'Brien and
Frank Carillo, he left for the Frazier
Mountains, where big game . is plenty.
Although signs were numerous, the party
did not scare up a bear until on Sunday.
Corbett was given the place of honor, and
with three well directed yet diverging
bullets ended the life of Bruin. Packard
says that when he left the party the men
were on the trail of a grizzly which, judg
ing by the foot prints, is of enormous
size.
Three Bullets From the San Francis
can's Rifle Lays the Forest
; . Monarch Low.
KEEN COTTNTY BEAR FALLS
FEEY TO HAESY CORBETT
cil the newly elected officers were in
stalled, the impressive ceremony being
conducted by Grand Commander Henry
L. Palmer of Wisconsin, of the Northern
jurisdiction.
The council presented to Palmer a sil
ver gold-lined loving-cup, Senator H. M.
Teller of Colorado making the presenta
tion speech.
SPRAY OF FLAME
ENVELOPS THEM
Lowe expected' Attorney ""Morgan up
from San Francisco- to-day, but the law
yer has not yet arrived." 5
the entire train in a few minutes and
yet he kept the- child nearly three: hours,
traveling seventy miles,' without making
any report.'-. • ... ..
GOLD NUGGETS
FOR DESSERT
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22.—Rep
resentative James r>. Rich
ardson of Tennessee was to
day elected sovereign grand
commander of the Ancient
and Accepted Order of the Scottish Rite
of Freemasonry for the Southern juris
diction of the United States. He has
been acting grand commander ever since
the death of the last grand commander,
Thomas Caswell of San Francisco. The
following other officers were elected:
Samuel Emery Adams, Minnesota, lieu
tenant grand commander, succeeding Mr.
Kichardson.
Martin. Collins, St- Louis, grand chan
cellor.
Rufus E. Fleming, Fargo, X. D., grand
minister of state.
About 203 2\Iasons, representing all sec
tions of the country, were elevated to the
thirty-third degree, or to the knights
commandership of the court cf honor.
At the afternoon session of the coun-
RAILS AND TIES
REACH SUNSET
UKIAH, Oct. 22.— William H. Lowe,
the alleged kidnaper of little
Harold C. Sloper, is still in jail
here, no bail having been.sup
plied. There appears to be quite
a difference in the stories/ told- by Lowe
and Mrs. Sloper, Sheriff Grace and others.
Mrs. Sloper says her baby .was in his
buggy, with ..her and her friends, when
Lowe first approached. He wanted to
shake. hands with the child, who was eat
ing some popcorn.. Then ,he asked for
some of the popcorn, and after the young
ster had given him some Lowe walked
away. Soon .he; returned and finding the
baby out of the buggy picked him up and
walked off down the platform. Returning
he passed the mother, the child in his
arms and then disappeared in the crowd.
About that time the train began to move
and Mrs. Slower learned, that the .man
had taken her child aboard.
It is claimed that Lowe had no reason
to believe the child's mother was on the
train, as he had just passed her on the
outskirts of the crowd and ne?r the buggy
beside which he had picked u1> the child.
Passengers, on • the train deny that he
tried to find the parents, as he avows,
but say he placed the boy beside him in a
car and fed him on candy when he grew
restless. . Lowe could have gone .through
The question "The Liquor Dealers' As
sociation Having Declared a Boycott
Against All Candidates for Office Not in
Sympathy With the . Traffic, What
Should Be the Attitude and Procedure of
the Woman's Christian Temperance
Union?" was discussed by Mrs. L. J.
King and Mrs. Belle Boyce and Rev.
Messrs, Shrider and Gough.
STOCKTON, Oct. 22.— The twenty-sec
ond annual State Convention of the Wo
man's Christian Temperance Union was
called to order in Miller Memorial Hall
this morning for a -four days'^ session.
There is a large attendance, nearly 200
delegates being > present. .Committees
were appointed as follows:
On resolutions— Miss ; Sarah Severance, Mrs.
J. D. Jamison and Dr. Allda Avery.
On credentials— Mrs. Abble Colt, Mrs. D. J.
Spencer and Mrs. Annie . Little Barry.
The report of the corresDonding secre
tary showed 135 local unions in the State;
18 county organizations, representing 3-3
counties, 2500 active members and 500
honorary members. Alameda is the ban
ner county in point of increase, and San
Joaquin County has the largest honorary
list. During the year $5702 12 has beon
collected and expended in local work, as
against $3706 54 last year.
The report of the State treasurer
showed that $3000 had been received for
Stale "work and a balance of $100 re
mained.
Alameda Is the Banner County of
California in Point of
\u25a0 . Increase. . ,
GROWTH OF WOMAN'S
TEMPEBAtfCE UNION
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 22.-The Kosmos liner
Ramses, which reached this port yester
day afternoon, reports that while the ves
sel was docked at Coquimbo the ship doc
tor, an Italian named Cerro Torri, cut
his throat with a razor, almost severing
his head from his body. The doctor is
said to have been a. morphine "fiend."
While the vessel was sailing between
Guayaquil and Manta one of the appren
tice boys, named Schafer; went mad. Be
fore his condition was fully \u25a0 realized - he
threatened to murder all hands on board.
Captain Brielenberg had the lad put into
Irons and upon reaching Manta turned
him over to the' custody of officials at
that port. : .....
The Ramses' brings news of the death
of the third officer of the steamer Totmes
while the vessel was sailing in 24 degrees
south. He was kflled by the accidental
explosion of twenty pounds of powder
which was kept on board the vessel, for
firing. salutes.- The chief steward was in
jured, but not seriously. News of this
explosion was received by" the Ramses at
Callao, at which port she called after ths
Totmes had sailed northward.
Apprentice Boy Goes Mad and
Threatens Wholesale
Mnvnu'P ' > »
lVXUX U.ul» _
— tttt:
Special Dlspatch-to'The Call.
Suicide During Voyage
of Eosmos tiiner
Ramses.
Tennessee Congressman Succeeds the Late Thomas Caswell
' as Sovereign Grand Commander of the Ancient and Ac
cepted Scotch Rite— Honor to Many Worthy Craftsmen
Explanation Offered by the San Francisco' Excursionist
Who Carried Off Little Harold, C. Sloperjs at Variance
With Accounts Given by the Child's Mother arid Others
SHIP'S SURGEON
ENDS HIS LIFE
ALLEGED KIDNAPER LOWE
STILL IN URIAH'S JAIL
RICHARDSON IS ELECTED
TO HIGH MASONIC RANK
NEW BUILDING
FOR STANFORD
Engineering Laboratory
to Be Constructed
at Once.
Fifty Thousand Dollars Will
Be Expended Upon
the Structure.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
UNIVERSITY, Oct. 22.—
As was expected, -Mrs. Stanford's arrival
at the university \u25a0 has stimulated action
here along the line of the construction of
buildings. Before she had been in the
campus twenty-four hours she had au
thorized the immediate construction and
equipment of an engineering laboratory at
a cost of $50,000. •
The new laboratory is to be a large one
story fireproof structure, 235x60 feet in
dimensions, and probably will : be located
just west of the present civil engineering
building, on' the site originally intended
for the chemistry department. The west
erly, half of the new edifice is to house the
steam engineering- laboratory of the me
chanical engineering department, while
the quarters for the experimental work of
the . electrical engineering v *gtudents will
occupy the remainder. v
As soon -as the present civil engineering
building can' be vacated it will be remod
eled into a perfectly equipped laboratory
for the testing of materials, and the me
chanical engineering quarters will under
go a similar change, being converted into
a machine shop flted with all the modern
improvements. Recitation and draught
ing rooms for engineering students will
be installed on the Inner quadrangle as
soon as, those now occupied by the chem
istry end some ether departments are va
cated, buildings being now under can
struction for these latter departments.
Architect Charles E. Hodges is draw
ing up plans for the engineering labora
tory and ground will be broken prepara
tory to- its construction as soon as they
are submitted and approved. It is Mrs.
Stanford's intention to have work on the
structure rushed. The building will be
completed within four or five months and
will be equipped and "ready for use as a
laboratory with the beginning af the col
lege year next September. Orders will be
placed for the necessary equipments im
mediately. The sum of $50,000 does not
represent . the total amount that' will be
expended on the laboratory; more will be
spent as soon as it is placed in a condi
tion to justify the expenditure.
It is also learned that work will soon
be started on the buildings and arcades
that are to complete the second or outer
quadrangle. Mrs. Stanford intends that
the view of the memorial church shall be
obstructed as little as possible; accord
ingly, there will be no buildings directly
back of the church. That part of the
quadrangle will be composed of arcades
which will overlook the beautiful gardens
and grounds that will flank the edifice on
three sides. Work on the church itself
will be. hurried.-
THE SAZST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1901.
PRIZE WINNING UKIAH BABY
THAT FIGURES IN KIDNAP
ING EPISODE.
2
Salt Rheum
You may call it eczema, tetter or milk
crust.
• But no matter what you call It, this skin
disease which comes in patches that burn,
itch, discharge a, watery matter, dry and
scale, owes its existence to the presence of
humors in the system.
It will continue to exist, annoy, and per-
haps agonize, as long as these humors
remain. - \u25a0 '
s It is always radically, and permanently
cured by <
Hood's SarsapariUa
which expels all humors, and Is positively
Unequalled for af cutaneous eruptions.
Something About Piano -Players.
If at any time during the past you
?;^^SSWJi"3 \j\n*~&.&S& have bou ght a Piano Piayer, and it is
f~S?*£C[r ! * \u25a0 ly^PiillllL P ot g lvln g you satisfaction, we beg to
k&8a!nBm).n- &§Mmeggm mf °rm you that it can be turned in as
*' ' ' -"^^Sl? • ef^MSSsisil^i? P a . rt Payment toward the purchase
flidri^&f P S/ &'* § •"* * Price of a new "Chase and Baker,"
gSfeg-f'-l •>• '&&.'& which we control, and which is the
T ? ! *, latest up-to-date Piano .Player, and
which lays all the others in the shade.
£*}^-W?&mm^W^ Do not f °rget. at the same time,
\^^^^^^^^^/ ST^SmMWK iat we are e ? clu sive agents for the
Until J anuar - V x we shall offer any
'" 6» J »^^£s» o f th e above makes to . any retail
,i;.;V. : buyer at the lowest wholesale price.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 933 Market Street (Take Elevator.)
Branch Stores— Oakland, Alameda and, San Jose, ill
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1028-1030 Market St.
Women's Tailoring
Parlors.
EASILY reached by a conve-
nient elevator/ our attrac-
. tive Women's Tailoring
Department is the most agreeable
in this city. It is handsomely ap-
pointed, flooded with light, only
one story from the main floor,
possesses every facility for expe T "
ditious, perfect work, and is very
roomy withal.
Again, we do the selling, meas-
uring, fitting and making, all in
our own new building — every-
thing kept under our eye till you
pronounce it. satisfactory. This is
a desirable condition of affairs,
exclusive with us. \u25a0'-. \u25a0
, Is it any wonder we scored an
immediate success? " .
Special Suit
We are now making women's
suits in the latest, most approved
styles, from the choicest of black
Venetian, Serges and Cheviots at
the special price of
These goods are now the height
of fashion, and our fit, finish and
. workmanship are guaranteed to
give perfect satisfaction. •
A!so at 1157-1159 Washington St.,
Oakland, .
jMst*. VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
>g9r**ffiSL MORMON" BISHOP'S PILL.S
*Kj»' EKr have been in uae over fifty
*Jto«W?^gp4 year3 by the leaders of the
JT$Cft^r,3i"i Mormon Church and their
SaiSaK i *!5v l &53 followers. Positively cure the-
I?* > Sa'V'W&<>Sf3 worst case3 in old and young
Kivslvr>ttJ arising from effects of self-
1 £A.^Nifej abuse, dissipation, excesses or
\Sb&£l&$S5' cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
\b&*V&&¥ Manhood. Impotency, Lost
' ?vttu£s*if \u25a0\u25a0 Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. Evil Desires,. Lame Back.
Nervous .Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. £» Varlcocele or Con-
Ftlpation. Stop Ner "^ BJ vous .Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are^.JtTL immediate. im.
part vigor and pote "-^i* Vf ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure la at hand
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
12 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Kills st'
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO 33
and 40 Third st. :- "
DB.MEYERS&CO, j£gp§&|fe
Specialist. Disease $$0%f v \u25a0*£
and weakness ot ' ' f
men.- Established iCjipf iS^OKX, .'gS? •
1SS1. Consultation < \7 jt . *5Jip|f *§
and •private : book ~ \
mall. Cures guar- £
anteed. 7CJ1 Mar- '
ket etreet (eleva- Jt v "T ?%%!#$;^
tor entrance), San j$l \VjjS^j£*>»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLDS
I regard my COLD CURE as more
valuable than 'a life insurance policy.
It not only cares colds in the head,
colds in the lungs, colds ifi the bones, J
bat it wards off dangerous diseases
such as grippe, diphtheria, pneumo-
nia, and consumption.— J1UNYON.
Mnnyon's Rheumatism Cnre seldom fails to relievo
la one to three hours, and cures in a few days.
Mnnyon's Dyspepsia. Core positively cures all
forms of indigestion and stomach trouble.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs, night sweats,
allays soreness and speedily neals the lungs.
Manyon's Kidney Cure quickly cures pains in ths
back, loins or groins, and all formsof kidney disease.
Mnnyon'sVitalizerrestoreslostpowersto weak men.
\u25a0 All the" cures are 25 cents, at any drug store.
Itlunyon's Guide to Health should be in ths
hands of every mother. It will help them to knew
the symptoms of every disease and tell them ths
proper treatment. Sent free to any address.
Munyon. New York and Philadelphia.
XUXYOX'S INHALER CUBES CATARBIL '
We offer our entire line of Beauti-
ful ORIENTAL CARPETS, RUGS
and CURTAINS at -5 per cent dis-
count from regular prices.
CBASJi PLUM SCO.
1301 TO 1307 MARKET STREET,
Corner Ninth*
\u25a0
STATEMENT
OP THE——
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
QB* THS—
HARTFORD FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1900, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to tha
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAP1TAI*. . ; ,
Amount of Capital Stock, paid tip to
Cash £,250,000 CO
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company . $301,500 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages . 857,700 0O
Cash Market Valae of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 7,178,654 53
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 7,800 no
Cash in Company's Office 128,251 82
Cash in Banks 730,813 50
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 53 33
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 24,892 13
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 1,238.5*1 33
Rents due and.accrued...\ .' 1,469 69
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on. losses already paid... 9.573 &t
Total Assets n», 379, 255 03
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid (233.623 41
Losses in process cf Adjustment or
in Suspense 3S7.K3 82
Losses resisted, including expenses... 54,869 1*
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- *
aing one year or less. $4,917,455 1«;
reinsurance 50 per cent 2,433,727 S3
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $6,022,-
867 05; reinsurance pro rata 3,008,313 It
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due- w*,joo CO
Total Liabilities ..........JS.20S.435 13
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ....$3,631,745 S3
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages il.660 04
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from.
\u25a0 all other sources 312,843 78
Received for Rents .» 13,552 it
Total Income , $7,072,934 65
EXPENDITURES. I
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding: $606, 36G 64, losses ot previ-
ous years) ».$4,371,937 C8
Dividends to Stockholders 400.000 u<l
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 1,163,837 St
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
. charges for officers, clerks, etc.... KU 70s ot
Paid for State, National and Local
- taxes , 197,320 99
All other payments and expenditures «41,8C8 64
- Total Expenditures $7,236,630 U
• ' • . Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.... $3, 013, 539 63
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.'
Net amount of Risks
•written during the
year $706,232,502 $3,442,123 a
Net amount of Risks *
expired during the
.year 665,432,203 7,838.133 35
Net amount in force
December 3L 1900.. 962.575.069 10.940,323 21
GEO.-L. CHASE. President
P. C. ROTCE, Secretary.,
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 4ti»
day of January. 1901
DANIEL J. GLAZIER, Notary Public
Pacific Department,
313 California St., San Francisco.
Henry K. Belden, Manager.
* . Whitney PaTache, Amat. Manager.
:~<2li>£H&Br INJECTION. |
p A PERMANENT CURE I
5 of the most obstinate cases of GoEorrtiosa 1 [
? ; and Gleet, enaranteed in from 3 to 6 <
< oats ; no other treatment required. S
5 . Sold by all druggists. 1 '
fi%_ -CH!CHC«TCR*» ENGLISH
toNravai pills
H ,~<»^V « . — Original and Only Ceaaine.
Alw«yi ralUbla Ladle., uk DnCftc*
frMSrSsL ** CHICHESTEB-S KXGXJHH
Tn **» •£} Dnecroaa Snbirtit.do*. mud l»Iu-
I / tZT *•«\u25a0»• Bay of yoar Draggla. or Mad 4e. la
- I ~ VL - • t » m P« »' Parttnlan, T*»tlm«nl»I»
-\*» . & •«<» i *Rell*rf<.rI^4ile^ 1> <i» Utur, b/ r«.
— V^*' .tiniMatl. l«,IHHITmta«i>lt. SoMSy
'u*_Tr"j. • nl) ">««l«»- Chloi»e«tcr Chemical €•*,
Uantfra thto PM n,. Madl— m Sq««o. PI1ILA~ FA. ,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, }
E^EARNY AND .WASHINGTON STS.— RB^
*» modeled and renorated. KINO. WARD *
CO. European plan. Room*. S0o to $1 W <!**;
$5 to $5 week; $S to $20 month. Free baths: &ot
and cold water every room; nre grates Itt •\u25bc•W
room ; eleva top runs all sight. \u25a0 . . " .*:•Continued From Page One.
C. H. Dunton of »E1 Dorado County
questioned the advisability of indorsing
the recommendation of the committtee
for the repeal , of the minority stock
holders' law, and- incidentally remarked
that the convention sat and passed reso
lutions- in San Francisco while the rail
road people worked. in Washington. He
objected to adopting -the report.
Senator ' Davis explained that .the ! ac
tion that the committee had recQmmend
ed was identical with that taken by the
convention "last year. The report was
adopted without further objection. ••
The -convention will close its labors-to
day. . There are several reports .to be : re
ceived. The platform of- the association
for the year, as embodied in the.resolu
tions to be submitted by the appropriate
committee, will be acted upon. > This- af
ternoon the annual election of oificers
will take place. •\u25a0'- ''\u25a0 ". . . -
Committee Allege Fraud.
The committee made the following sen
;ral .statements, in Which fraud is
iverred:
The niatter has now arrived at Buch a stage
that it is perfectly evldfcnt tha tthe mineral
lands on railroad grants are earnestly desired
ay the railroad companies, as being- more val
jablc than the- agricultural. The Government
:harges more for them on its own territory and
:he railroad follows suit. - If- these i mineral
ands were segregated thej? would be open to
iny man citizen or one 'who has declared his
r.tention to become one." "We haye been.majt
ng a fair and open fight against injustice and
lk-gal action of the corporations .for the sole
>enefit of the miner and prospector of Califor
lia and in behalf of his natural heritage, the
nineral bearing 'tracts held in trust for. him
jy the United States Government. That much
>; thif land has been alreffOy, alienated is un
lortunately true; and unless this association
jontinues its active contest to have the re
nainir.K lands , clasplflod and segregated, hun
ireds of thousands of acres more will. fall into
.he hands of those for whom neither the Gov-
}. Woods for their work for the, bill at
he last session of Congress. The influ
;nce that finally prevented the passage
)f the measure was Chairman Lacey i of
he House Committee on Public Lands.
all settle the question which the hydraulic
miner in California desires to have settled. It
is simpJy throwing sand in people's eyes to pick
out any expression of any court in favor of the
constitutionality of the act,- -which does not
arise out of either of the two states of facts
above set forth. . The miner ought to be just
as anxious as the farmer to ascertain whether
he is moving in a fool's paradise or on solid
earth. The friends and sponsors of the act
should be the first to desire the question of its
constitutionality finally determined. Any other
Donrse means rashness or nervousness.
The committee on mineral lands also
reported through Charles G. Yale, its
:hairrr.an. . The substance of the report
was that after seven years of work for
t.he mineral lands bill, the expenditure of
nany thousands of \u25a0\u25a0 dollars, many com
nitte£ meetings, hundreds of pages of
resolutions and expensive trips to Wash
ngton by attorneys, the miners are, j so
far as Congressional action is concerned,
iust where they began, and at the com
ng session of Congress must relntroduce
:heir bill. The railroad people were
Dlamcd for the situation, and the com
aiittee reported:
To put it more plainly, perhaps. It may be
asserted that if the California Miners' Associa
tion had the money, to' buy out the Southern
Pacific Company, this long pending and pet
measure of ours could be enacted into: law
in about thirty seconds. , ~ ,.."» \u25a0
Thanks were recommended to Senators
Perkins and Bard and Congressman. Sam
Dr. C. T. Deane, secretary of the Cali
fornia Petroleum Miners' Association,
submitted a report showing the present
importance to the State of the petroleum
industry. He estimated the total output
of the oil wells of California for the pres
ent year at 8,000,000 barrels. -, He. said that
the Petroleum Miners'- Association pro
posed to see that the smoke ordinance
that has been passed bv the Supervisors
of San Francisco shall be carried out. The
consumption of fuel oil. would be increas
ed by that ordinance." A conservative esti
mate of the requirements of crude oil
aro*nd the bay, apart from that needed
for the refineries/ he said, was more than
2,000,000 barrels per annum. A combina
tion, of interests would remove the cause
that has clogged the way to financial suc
cess for. the petroleum miners. .
State Mineralogist Aubury \ described
the work- of the State - Mining Bureau
and. told of the practical lines along
which it is proceeding for the -promotion
of the mining industry of tbJs State. The
convention \ indorsed = the
of the bureau by Mineralogist Aubury, a
resolution for that purpose having been
introduced by J. H. Tibbits of Shasta
County.:
There was some speech-making, the
speakers being Samuel M.Shortridge and
United States Senator George C. Perkins
The proceedings of :->the day -went
smoothly with ;the exception of a Blight
flurry when the adoption of the report of
the committee on legislation was moved.
There were other , reports. Secretary
Benjamin and Treasurer S. J. Hendy re
ported on the financial and other condi
tions, of the association. ' From these it
appeared that ' the membership had been
largely increased in the past year. New
organizations ..were formed In Mariposa,
Madeta, Kern and Lassen counties and a
large organization of the miners of
Northern California was about to come
into existence. The treasurer showed
that there were funds, on hand, to the
credit of the California Miners' Associa
tion amounting to $2983 74.
Speaks for Oil Miners.
eminent nor the public ever intended it. *
Go int« the newer copper fields and the oil
fields and the. same condition exists. In hun
dreds of cases this land .has been bought from
the railroad companies by-the present owners.
In other words it has-been procured from the
Government on false pretenses. With the touch
of magic effect, a rub on Aladdin's lamn, hun
dreds of thousands of acres of mineral lands
become artificially agricultural until . such
period as these corporate magicians ' ohoose to
restore them to their natural character and
reap the reward • of their Ingenuity. . • . ; "•.\u25a0 •
In conclusion the committee urged that
the agitation in favor of the mineral lands
bill should be continued. •
ASSOCIATED MISERS OF CALIFORNIA PBOPOSE - At ACTIVE CAMPAIGN TO AID ft- GREAT INDUSTRY
EDINEURGH. Oct. 22.— Lord Rosslyn
Itas formally withdrawn the action for
divorce which he brought against the
Countess in February last.
out the archipelago thus receives a set
back.
Annual Scare at Manila.
MANILA, Oct. 22.— Civil Governor Taft
is confined at the palace with an attack
of bowel trouble. He has been ordered
by physicians to remain absolutely quiet
for a week. •\u25a0\u25a0.'•
General uneasiness prevails in Central
Luzon. Garrisons report several bands of
rebels numbering twenty-five or fifty en
deavoring to concentrate at one point.
This, it is believed, is the result of Gen
eral Malver's efforts at recruiting.
Notices which were recently posted on
the doors of churches in Batansas pro
vince urge that organization be completed
by January. There Is a periodical scare
over this in Manila, fomented by sensa-.
tiohal papers. The editors of these journ
als demand that additional troops be sent
to Batangas at once as there are now only
1200 men there under Colonel McKibbin.
The native police, which can hardly be
counted on, are not taken into account;
The Philippine Commission has prepared
libel laws . which are necessarily most
stringent.* The' newspapers propose to
fight these laws through their lawyers.
The chief objection is to the unusual
powers which are conferred on judges
owing to the non-existence of jury trials.
The transport Sumner sailed for the
island of S^hnar to-day with a battalion
of the Twelfth and Twenty-second In
fantry. - •" ' . , '.'-r?'J* : *
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W.. WASHINGTON, Oct. 22.—
In order to deal a death blow to
the insurrection- throughout the
Philippine archipelago, an active
'campaign, participated . in •" by the army
and navy, has been inaugurated against
the rebels in Samar. That island is to
be swept clean of Filipinos hostile to
American sovereignty. They are to be \
given no opportunity to escape to another
island. They will be killed in action, or
in order to prevent being driven into the
sea they must surrender.
Comparatively meager is the informa
tion in possession of the, authorities re
garding the tmrposes of Major. General
Chaffee. Some light was thrown upon
them by the following dispatch received
by the Navy Department from Rear Ad
miral Frederic Rodcers:
CAV1TE, Oct. 22.— Secretary Navy, Wash-
I' ington: Active insurrection in Samar. New
York leaves to-day for Catbalcgan with 300
marines, to return to Bazy and Balangigan,
Lto co-ocerate with army. Nearly all naval
r force concentrated on Samar patrol. Services
I Arethusa and Zaliru, two colliers, needed and
beine utilized. , RODGERS. t
I* This dispatch shows, Secretary Long be-
Ilieves, most gratifying co-operation be
tween Rear Admiral Rodgers and General
Chaffee. It is apparent that the two offi
cers have held a conference at which they
have determined upon a vigorous cam
paign. The authorities have not been in
formed by names of the men of war pa
trolling the island of Samar, but they be
lieve that there are about twenty-seven
distributed in its waters. These include
the armored cruiser New York, the gun
boats Annapolis, Don Juan de Austria,
Frolic, General Alava. Isla. de Cuba, Isla
de Luzon, Manila, Princeton, Vicksburg,
Piscataqua, Wompatuck. Arayat, Basco,
Gardoqui, Leyte, Mariveles, Panay.Pam
panga, Paragua, Quiros, Urdaneta, Vil
lalobos, Arethusa. Zafiro. Justin and Iris.
These vessels are under the supreme di
rection of Rear Admiral Rodgers, and be
sides aiding the army in attacking coast
and river towns which may be held by the
insurgents, will prevent the escape of any
in small boats to neighboring islands. The
effect of the patrol that will be maintained
will be to pen the hostile natives in Sa
mar, and they must either suffer death
or throw themselves upon the mercy of
the American troops.
The direction of military operations has
been entrusted to Brigadier General
Hughes. The force under this officer ap
proximates 3500 men and with the marines
will number 3S00 men. General Chaffee is
expected to order reinforcements to pro
ceed to Samar.
Wheatcn May Take Command.
It Is possible that he may send an offi
cer to assume the supreme command of
operations in Samar, thus enabling Gen
eral Hughes to devote his energies to
actual field work. In this event a major
general, perhaps General Lloyd Wheaton,
will be ordered to the island. Some ap
prehension exists at the War Department
as to whether General Hughes properly
estimates the strength of the insurrec
tlonaries In Samar. The War .Depart
ment Is hopeful that with the force now
ak General Chaffee' s disposal he will be
able to suppress the insurrection; if not
General Chaffee must provide him with
additional troops. in Luzon who
are decidedly hostile to American sover
eignty, are greatly encouraged by the
successes of their comrades in arms in
Samar, and the authorities here admit
COMMANDER IN CHIEF OF THE NAVAL FORCES IN THE PHILIP
PINES AND ONE OF THE VESSELS THAT WILL AID IN CRUSHING
THE INSURRECTION IN SAMAR ISLAND.
AUBURN, N. Y., Oct. 22.— Leon F. Czol
gosz, the assassin of President McKinley,
who is awaiting electrocution in the pris
on here during the week commencing
next \u25a0 Monday, , fully realizing that his
death is now a question of. a few days,
has. asked for spiritual consolation, and
this afternoon received a visit f rom the
Rev. T. Szardinski, a Polish priest of the
Roman Catholic church.'
Czolgosz's request for a priest of . his
own nationality was made known - to
Warden Meade this morning. Father
Szardinski, who is pastor of St. Stanislaus
Church, Rochester, was in this. city at
tending the forty hours' devotion of St.
Alphonsus Church, and was asked to visit
the prisoner. This afternoon he went to
the prison and remained there about an
hour. -r
The interview between priest and' pris
oner proved very unsatisfactory : to both.
It took place in the condemned man's cell
and. the conversation was carried on In
Polish. During the interview CzolgosZ
said that he had been baptized in the
Roman Catholic faith ~ in the Polish
church In Detroit. . He had abandoned
the church early in life and had lost all
faith in its teachings. Father Szardinski
urged him to renounce his belief in an
archism and return to the faith of ; his
early years. Czolgosz declared his in
ability to'do so. and he was informed that
unless he did the consolation of th3
church would be denied him.
The priest urged the condemned man to
consider the matter carefully, and told
him that if at any time he decided to re
embrace the faith he would return from
his home in Rochester and stay with him
until the end. Father Szardinski before
taking his departure left with Czolsosz
some Catholic literature printed in Polish
and also some emblems of the church.
Czolgosz assured Father Szardinski that
in case he determined to accept the of
fices of religion he would send for h'ro,
but he did not hold out much hope that he
would renounce the doctrines of an
archism, „ ,
Warden Meade and Superintendent Col
lins at their conference in Albany yester
day arrangedall the details and fixed up
on those persons to be invited to witness
tne execution. The law requires that in
vitations be sent out three, days before
the date of execution..-
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21. — Secretary
Root | arrived in Washington to-day and
was driven directly to his residence. He
will resume his duties at the War De
partment to-morrow.
Secretary P*oot Returns.
LIPTON WILL SEND
SHAlffROCK THE THIBP
Sir Thomas Already Takes Steps
. Toward Another Contest for
the Cup.
GLASGOW, Oct. 22.— Sir Thomas Lipton.
while desiring to avoid monopolizing the
British side of the -America's cup con
tests, has already taken a step toward a
third contest for the trophy. Captain Rob
ert Wringe, who returned here from New
York on the Anchor line steamer City
of Rome yesterday, went to Fairlle and
held a conference with "W. W. Fife Jr.,
as to whether he would undertake de
signing the Shamrock III for a series of
races in 1902. It is understood that Fife
was opposed to rushing out a challenger
for 1902. He considered the time too
short to do his best work, but was will
ing to design a challenger to race. in the
autumn of 1903. No absolute arrange
ments can be made until Sir Thomas Lip
ton arrives, but there is little doubt that
a challenger will be sent.
Acting on Fife's suggestion, Captain
Wringe went to Gareloch to provide for
the better preservation of the Shamrock
I, which will be used in the trials on this
side of the water, the Shamrock II to ba
employed in the trials on the American
side' of the Atlantic.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— Sir Thomas Lip
ton sailed for home to-day on the
steamer Celtic. His steam yacht, the
Erin, will sail to-morrow.
"And Captain Sigsbee took that dispatch?"
"Xez. sir. It was cpen. It detailed the fact
that the fleet was net there."
Continuing, the witness said that by the
time the Brocklyn had completed her
turn (and he thought the turn had been
continuously to the nght). the three lead-
Ing Spanish ships had emerged from the
harbor. The witness thought they had
come out in fan-shape order. "The com
modore," he said at this point, "stood all
the time on the side of fire so he could
eee what was going on. He was abso
lutely cool, end sent continuous messages
to the men to cheer them up. When Ellis'
head was shot oft he wiped some of the
tilood from his own person, and when the
men picked the bedy up to throw it over,
"While the rest of us stood horrified, he
calmly said: 'Don't throw that body over.
Take it below and we'll give it a Chris
tian burial.' V
The court adjourned until to-morrow.
Eispatch. Sigsbcs Took.
"Captain Sigsbee knew I was a newspaper
irian and was there looking for information and
Captain Sigsbee later took a dispatch written
by me and vised by Commodore Schley. He
t'Xik it aboard his s=hip and he was to deliver
i: to one of the erninl beats or else take «t
over himself."
' Graham was then questioned particu
larly concerning the conversation between
Commodore Schley and Captain Sigsbee
en the 'occasion of the captain's visit to
the .tsrooklyr. on May 26, as follows:
"Did you 'see Captain Sigsbee on board the
trocklyn en May £6?"
"Yes. sir. After he had reached the quar
terdeck frcm the gangway he stopped and
Commodore Schley said to him: "Have we got
'<;m, Sigsbee?" The captain said: 'So, they arc
r.ot here.* I have been here for a week and
they art not here.' "
\u25a0"Is that the Trliole of the conversation as you
recollect?"
"So, sir. "iVe went aft, farther back on the
quarterdeck, and he continued the conversa
tion. Commodore Schley said: "Are you sure
they are net in there?" He sr.ld: 'I have been
Viry close to the harbcr entrance two or three
time-s. Cajitfein Cottcn i»as been in and cut a
cable and ihey are not there.' "
"You heard Sigs-bee saj* that?"
"Ytg. £jr. 1 Look some )<jii in the convcr-
BC.tion."
" Did you record that conversation and did
Captain S'Psbes knov.- you rtioided it?"
Graham detailed a conversation between
\u25a0Commodore Schley and Captain Robley
J3X Evans which took place after the San
*tiagx> engagement. Tnere was some dis
cussion over the admissibility of this
\u25a0 statement, but the court decided that any
\u25a0conversation between the commodore and
any one else Rearing upon the case was
\u25a0admissible.
The witnesses for the afternoon were
iJer.nis J. Cronin, who was Admiral
'Schley's orderly, and who also testified
'along* the same lines as Graham to the
\u25a0conversation with Captain Sigsbee; Lieu
tenant Commander William R. Rush, who
f aid he thought the Viscaya had planned
to ram the Brooklyn; Lieutenant £dwafd
Simpson, who gave a very graphic pic
ture of the battle of July 3, and Lieuten
ant Edward T. Fitzgerald, an assistant
engineer, who was on duty in the tire
room on July 3, and who testified that an
order had been given early in the action
to stand by for a ram.
The Conversation With Evajis.
Graham's testimony covered all the
principal events of the campaign and dis
euased especially the bombardment of the
Spanish ship Colon on May 31, and tt:e
battle off Santiago on July 3. Graham tes
tified to hearing a conversation between
: <Z Dmmodore i Schley and Captain Sigsbee
when the latter came; aboard, the flagship
Brooklyn off Santiago, May 23. He said
\he had distinctly heard Captain Sigsbee
tell the commodore that the Spanish fleet
"was nfct inside the harbor of Santiago.
Graham also stated that Admiral
£chley had told him that the object of the
bombardment on May 31 was to develop
the Spanish land batteries, and he said
'that the range was fixed at 7000- or <o00
yards in order to draw their fire. He fur
ther said, with reference to the events of
this ergagement, that he had heard no
•conversation in which Commodore Schley
•liad said that the officers in their white
'Uniforms were conspicuous objects.
"WASHINGTON. Oct. 22.— The Schley
\u25a0court of inquiry opened to-day with Lieu
teaiant B." W. Weils Jr., who wus Commo
dore Schlcy's flag lieutenant during the
Spanish war. still on the stand, but he
•was soon displaced to allow Yeoman Al
twrt V. Mason, who had written the
Brooklyn's log for the period covering the
Santiago campaign, to testify.
Mason explained the erasures in the log
«ntry referring: to the Brooklyn's turn on
ihe day of the battle off Santiago. He
•was followed by George E. Graham, who
a;> correspondent was with Commodore
Schley during the enure campaign.
Slayer of McKinley Not Cer
tain About Religious
: '. '•\u25a0\u25a0-:•' \£?M'
Ssewspaper Man Gives Testi
mony About the Santiago
Fight.
that it is probable they, will resume active
operations if American troops are t with
drawn or reduced to a point where they
can be attacked with some 'show, of vic
tory. These considerations, will be put
before Secretary-Root in connection with
a recommendation that reinforcements be
sent, from the United States to the Phil
ippines. It .Is proposed to order several
regiments to Manila to replace those who
will be withdrawn on account of the ex
piration of terms of enlistments of: many
of the enlisted* men. While General
Hughes has not communicated to the
"War Department, his plan of campaign," it
is expected that it contemplates a divi
sion of the island into squares, in each of
\u25a0which a strong detachment will operate.
By this 'means the whole island, will be
rid o'f insurgents and it will 'be impossible
for any to escape. .; • ./
The island of Samar is a dense jungle,
and it is extremely difficult to operate
with success in such a country. If Gen
eral . Hughes pursues his planr; however,
the authorities , are satisfied that it will
not be long before the rebellion in Samar
is crushed and the insurrection through-
Czolgosz Declines to Re
nounce Anarchistic
, -Doctrine.
Witness Tells of an In
cident Prior to Bat
tle Off Santiago.
ASSASSIN ASKS
FOR A PRIEST
SIGSBEE'S REPLY
TO SCHLEY'S QUERY
---... TS- -* — "- •• - r . \u25a0-"-. r \u25a0 "•• . :
Island to Be Swept Glean of the Hostile Bolomen, Who \Will Be
Hemmed In— Rebels to Be Killed in Action or in Order to Es
cape Being Driven Into the Sea Compelled to. Surrender
ARMY AND NAVY FORCES UNITE
TO CRUSH SAMAR INSURGENTS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1901.
3
RAILWAY TRAVEL. /]:'^
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market- street Ferry Depot.
" '\u25a0 ' Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily • Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:lS a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p'
•; Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:1S a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:30 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06a
" Vlsalla... 3:40 p 4:48 a ........
" Bakrsflld 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a ;
." Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
. " Chicago--' -I 2:15 p 9:00 p ,.
a for morning, p for afternoon.
\u25a0 »9 a. m. train Is the California Limited. -
leaving Monday and Thursday only, car-
rying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersneld for accommodation of local
Brst-class passengers. No second-class
. tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tues-
day and Friday.
• 4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fres-
no local. Corresponding train arrives at
12:30 p. sn. daily. -
/ 8:00 p. m.f is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
' Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno." .
Corresponding train arrives at 5:53 p. nr*
daily.*^ ~- . V'V- , .:..
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Of flees— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. . . - •\u25a0\u25a0/;, , ;.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito F*rrjf.
Commencing bepiember 2». 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND ,SAN RAFAEL.
.WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. •9:30. 11:00 a. m..
•1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. *6:15. 6:45 p. m.
* EXTRA TRIPS^For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p.m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. «10:00,-..*U:30 a. m., *\:1\
3:15, '4:45, 6:30. 9:30 p. m. . .•.---,
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— •5:25,' 6:27. 7:45. 8:35. 10:15
a. m.. *12:25, 2:15, "3:35. 4:40. B:30 p. m. : >• ,
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
ana Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:15. *i:W, •10:00. 11:45 a. m..
•1:40." *3:15. 4:45," *6:30 p. m. (
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45, 7:55." 8:55. . 10:30
a. m., 12:35, 2:45, 8:50, 5:10 p. m.
. EXTRA TRIPS on. Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 8:05. ,10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15. 8:30.
6:00, «:45 d. m. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0:*-;, \u25a0. '
.\u25a0\u25a0J*- THROUGH TRAINS.
.6:55 a. m. week days-^^k^adero and way sta-
tions. \u25a0 \u25a0 : -
1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.- j '
8:00 a. m.- Sundays — Duncan .Mills and way
\u25a0stations. \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0•/ '. •. ' . • "----\u25a0 " . ..
-\ Legal Holidays boats and trains will run oa
Eundaytlme. v • . o
HOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
- \u25a0 Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive .
San Fran. Foot of Market St. ; San Fran.
?'5? A " ,n : 22 A - V^' ™**^t >««• •» TdSO 100 p. S-.45 A.
4.1o P . 11:30a. Lgjgggg : |:25 P. 5;*> P.
\u25a0 Ft.r-, Km FrMd.«-o to Summit ip.4Rttura.il. 90.
ticket Officet, C£l MARSiT STREET ud SACSALITO FIRRT.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispcnsaiy,
629 KEAKKT ST. Established
in 1S54 for the treatment of l"rivnte.
Diseases, Lo«t Man bowl. Debility or
disease wearlngon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. Tli» Doctor cures when
others fall." Try htm.'. Charges low.
*'.n r»« caarantf'cd. Cull or writ*
, tir. JT. f.filBBOM. Kau Prauciaco. CaL _
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
' FALLING HAIR STOPPED.
Baldness • Cured Jby Destroyiixg the
Parasite Germ That Causes' It. V:
Baldness follows falling hair, falling
hair follows dandruff.- and dandruff- is the
result of a germ digging its way into the
scalp to the root of the hair, whefe It saps
the vitality of the hair. , To destroy., that
germ is to prevent as well as cure dan-
druff, falling hair/ and, lastly, baldness.
There Is only one preparation known to
do tha£?* Newbro's Herpicide, an entirely
new, scientific discovery. Wherever it has
been tried It has proven wonderfully suc-
cessful, git can't be otherwise, because it
utterly aSstroys the dandruff germ. "You
destroy t4|e cause/ .you remove the effect."
RAILWAY TRAVEL. ; /
CALIFORNIA N3RTB¥ESTE£H BT. C^
Xj2£SS3XS8 - - . „,
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
v RAILV/AY COMPANY.
) Tlburon Ffrry. foat «f Mwfct* OB»
San Francisco to San. Rafael.
"WEEK DAYS— 7 :30,\ 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Exira. .trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlp3 at 1:50
and 11:30 p. xn. . '\u25a0':-\u25a0• .
STJNDATS— 8:00." 9:30, 11:00 a. m.;' 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20 p. !!».,.".%->;- — ". " " -
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS^-6:10, .7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:65
'and 6:36 p. in. . • " \u25a0 - \u25a0
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.;.l:*J0, S:».
6:05,. 6:25 p. m. .-. \u25a0
Leave- v t In Effect I ; Arriv«
San Francisco. | April 28, 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I *> I Sun- I Week
Days. I . days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, . 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am \u25a0 Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton, > • - i \u25a0 \u25a0 ' •
7:30 am -. "Windsor, , . 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton,* • \u25a0 . .
s • Geyservllle, . \u25a0
3:30 pm 8:00 am \u25a0 Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:C0 pml Hopland 110:40 am]10:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Ukiah. | 7:35 pmj 6:20 pm
7:30 am '"' / ;.: ; * • 10:40 am 10:25 am
- ' 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30pm 5:00pm ; ... 6:29pm
7:30 am 8:00am -Sonoma I 9:15am 8:40am
\u25a0 '- \u25a0 : : .: :• \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 and -:\u25a0 . :\u25a0--..': -
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Olen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami . 0 110:40 am 110:25 am
3:30 pm[ S:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for.'Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the \u25a0 Geysers; ~ at ' Hcpland for ; Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, - Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda 'Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs,' Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, ; Laurel ; Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper. 1 Lake,'. Porno, v Potter i -Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, 'Lterley's; Bucknell's,
Sanhcdrln \u25a0 - Heights, - Hullville, 0rr"s • Hot
Springs, - Mendoclno City.- Fort Brags, . West-
port, Usal, Willits,. Laytonville, :\u25a0. Cummins,
Eell'fl 1 Springs,.. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, • Scotia
and Eureka. ' • - ; :
\u25a0 Saturday to Monday round-trip. tickets at re-
duced rates. \u25a0 - . •-. • \u25a0 \u25a0 .-- -
t On Sundays j round-trip tickets to all . points
beyond San Rafael at "half, rates..: ' ; ,
> Ticket of flee;: 650 \u25a0 Market street. Chronicle
building. \u25a0 - •-* s " : -• \u25a0 • -j -
H. C. WHITING/ . R. X. RYAN. •
Gen. Manager. , : . Gen. PassAgt.
GKildren who
drinK Figprune
tHriye and grow
strong.
The perfect food drink for
growing children is FlGPKUNE.
It is made from carefully se-
lected' California figs/ prunes and
sound, well ripened grain.
Looks like coffee. Tastes like
coffee. But r— there is not a
grain; of coffee in it.
4 Boil from 5 to- 10 minutes ooly.
ALL GROCERS SELL
KlGPRUNi: : CEirVEAL
:;.; RAILWAY TRAVEL. :.
SOUT^RFPACIFia
Tmlui If»ff f%titl s%i"v 4n9 to nrrlf o •**
nan »*it«tN«:iNro. .
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) '
heave — From October 6. 1901. — arri»«
7:00a Benicia, Suiauo, Elmira »nd Sacra- -
IllellMt... <:21p
7:00a Vacifille, WUtew, Rumsef ?:33r
\u25a0J : 3« a M arCteex, Sail Uamou. V njlejo. N ap», '
Callatiiga au«l Santa itoaii......... 0>23p
8:0i» a riarla, Woodland. Knignts Laading,
MarjBTille, Oroiille.. 7»33p
8:00* Atlsatic Kxprew— OgJon and Kaat 12:23?
M:«xi a Nlles, L ithrop. Stockton 7 s£* P
»:«Oa Nile». Meudota, Haaford. Vi3»li*.
PortsrrUle....... 4:53f
' S:3»a Shuta Express— Davis, William* (for
Bartlett Springs). Willow*; Bad
Bluff, Portland... ; 7:33»
• ::ii>a Situ .lose. Llterracre, Stockton,
Inns. 8aeram«utu. PIacer»ille,
MnrysTille. Cbiot, Ke.I ltlufT ' 4t2-"»r
H:3Oa Oakdalr, Chinese, Sonora,- Carters... -ti2Sp .
»:OOa Hajwaii), Niirs *nd Way Station*.. > I ••*'»*.
B:»«*.Vallejo l*i*3»
!»:<»<» a Los Aageles Express — Martina,
Tmor. 1/itlirop. .Stockton, Meteea
Fresno aud Los Angeles T:2Sy
tti^OA Vallfjo. Martinaxitmt Way St&tions 7 1. \u25a0»."»*>
I O:«»A The OrerUn.l Limited— Ogdea, Den- -
rer, Omiha. Cliicagis 9:*3t
{l:O«p Sacramento Kiier «ie»nien. ........ t5:»UA.
H-.:U»p Hajw»rd. Nllt-minil Way SUtionfl.. 7:53?
4i«ur i;»nicia. ' Wintmra, M»or»)iieu\o.
VVoo.llai.J, Kiiitfbts Lauding. .
M»rj»il!le, Otorilloy *, tO:3«A
4:OOpMarUiiex, Han ltumon, Vullejo,
NiH>:i. tlnlUtoKii. Snnta Hum* OtS.iA,
4?OOp NUes, Urermoro. Siockton. Lodi... I3»st3r
4::i»i> Ilayward. Kllex. San.luae. Urtrmore »»i-"»."»a
«;S«p J'ortCos-a.TMey, tattirop, 8Vckt»n 1<»:23*
*:WrThe Owl Limited— Kr«su<>, Tul*re,
BakersBel«l, Hnngus for Santa IJ*r. '\u25a0 *-.
\u25a0 bara, (<os AuK«les 8:334
\u25a0 :<>Or Martin* z. Antioch. Stockton, ilar-
ced.Frcsco «.. 13i23r
•:3OpNew (irleans £zpre*>s — Meudota,
Frssro, Bakenne.d, Los Angeles.
• - D. mine, Ei l'aao, New, Orleans-.
and £nst . 7:53*.
«:<Mlp llaywiud. JKiies and .San Jose.; 7;.W*
{8:O«r V»llaJ»..- 1 1:23*.
UiQOr Oriental 'Jt»n— Ogden. Chejenne,
Omalia, CIiiMgn lS:23p
SiOOr Oriental -Mall— Ogden, Dearer,
» StLoui*. Chicago.......... *j35i»
: YiOUr Oretton and California Kxi>rsM.H*o-
mitiniitu,- .M«rj»vl;io. - Uu'lillug,
I-ortUml. Piigrt Himii.U ami Kast B:33a
Si«.frSsn Pablo, Port t'osta. MirUiiez
»>ul W»j Station* 11:23a
t8:03p ValH>i .'. 7:35?
COAST IilNE (N»rrniT tiautce). :
\u25a0— . • (Foot otM<rh«t Street.) \u25a0
M> 1 S a Newark, Center? llle.Sau .lose, Prlton,
UouldBrC'rtek.iSatila Cruz »nd Way «
eutioim a»3»r
ta«l»F Newark CenterTillo. San Jos*, 8mr
1 . - ' Ahuaden, Jfttlton, ilonlder Ureek.
- > - Santa Unix ami l'tineipal. Way "
Stations .%. lf»»I»«A
*ttl3p Newark, San Jo*e, I,n*i Gatos ' j9:3»*
•9.3 up Huntcr.V TraJn— San Jose and W»y
Stations t7.a0f
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
mm SA.H rKASCISCO— ?O34 tf Market Street (Slip S>—
t/:15 3:00 11:00*. ¥. 1:03 3:33 -8:lBrw.
rremOHUm— r(»l*'Bt)n.**>T.— tH : CO +a;00 13:03
1O.0Oa.it. 13,63 3.03 1:03 P.M. ' - ' "
COAST IjIN K < Uroa.l « «n S e).
-•\u25a0, (Thlnl nnd Townaewi Sta.)
O:IWa Saa Jose and Way KUtion*. H:U»p
7:«JO\ Hail Jom mill Way SUtiol'lS...:..... l>3»r
. /7:««A New .Aliuatl*-M f -tzl&V
»>UOa H»n Jo««. Ties linos. S»nt* Cnn,
I'ueliNc Hmrc, *alinis, Saa Lnis
'\u25a0\u25a0•'. Vt." Obiapo, Banta Barbara aiwt Prin-
cipal interincili»t6 •SUttons........ 7: 13?
lOi^OA.San Jcsetud Way Stations.. 4:IUp
M::t«A Hum Jom »»<l Way 8Ution« . 3>U0r
tXs-iar Ban Mateo. Rc.lwoo.1. lletilo Park.
'.; : Palo AUo. i rtanta O'lra. Man .Ii*o, _
'. \u25a0 Tres Pinos, SauU Bum, Saliua*.
Montervraix) Paellie GroTe (IO:-13»
IsaerHaa Jose ami W*y Stations. ,..' 0:110a
ftsiarSanJoseamirrifCipal Way Stations >;4SI»
t»:«<lri)an Jose. Las Gatos and l'rincipal :
. "Way Stations... .....:..... -.1»:«O*, ,
.\u25a0Ulinr Ran .lose an.l Prinerpal Way Stations - Jt-.:;O*
• QiUOr Kedwoid. Han Jos*s Gilrny. Halioaa, -
Sauta Birbara, L»4 Angelei, 10:03a
«:HOp San Jose an.l Way .Stations t»:««A
aU:4.-ii> San Josenn.l Way .Stations.. 6:30y
A for Morning 1" f or A ftarnoon.
tSunrtaT tTcepced. I Sunday only.
• Satardaronly. /Tuesday* and Friday*.
f -\u25a0 \u25a0 n \u25a0 - *
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
• _S - . ; .;.??* tiff's swamp-root. , - -^
inUUunliliu jlniL mUnLI
TRnilRI F SI RflNT KIOW IT
.-\u25a0»'\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0-",; \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 " • \
To Prove What Swamp-Root, theJGxeat Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of Tae Call May
Hava a Sample Bottle Sent. Free by Mail.
\{ Weak and" v unhcalthy kidneys ars rcsponsib'e for mo«»e sickness
and suffering than any other disease, therefore, when . through
ncg!ect op other causes, kidney troubls is permitted to continue,
fatal results are sure to follow.
Your oth:r organs may need attenfon— but j cur kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention Sirst.
If you ars sick or' "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys are well they will help all the other organs
to htralth. A trial wi!l convince anyone.
*.. - . \u25a0 \u25a0 \
The mild arid immediate effect of Dr. as kidney, bladd"er and uric acid diseases,
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney poor digestion, v/hen obliged to pass your
and bladder remedy, is soon realized. It water frequently night and day, smart-
I stands the highest for its wonderful cures ing or irritation in passing, brickdust or
of the most distressing cases. Swamp- sediment in the urine, headache. back-
Root will set your whole system right, ache, lame back, dizziness, sleeplessness,
; and the best proof of this is a trial. nervousness, heart disturbance due to
i 14 West" 117th St., New York City bad kidney trouble, skin eruptions from
Dear Sir: . \u25a0 • Oct. 15. 1900. bad bleed, neuralgia, rheumatism.' dia-
"I had been suffering severely from kidney betes, bloating, irritability, wornout feel-
trouble." All symptoms were on hand; my ing, lack of ambition, less of flesh, sallow
former strength and power had left me; I complexion, or Bright's disease,
could hardly drag myself along. Even my If. your water, whfen allowed to remain
mental capacity was giving out, and c:ten I undisturbed in a. srlass or bottle for twn
wished to die. It was then I saw an advertise- fv fn ,.r hm,r= fnfJSf n «»«?5™f«* « ,
ment of yours in a New York paper, but would f ° ur h o urs - forms a sediment or set-
not have paid any attention to it, bad it not th ?J or a cloudy appearance, it is
promised a sworn guarantee with every bottle evl dence that your kidneys, and bladder
of your medicine, asserting that your Swamp- need immediate attention.,
Root is purely vegetable, and does not contain Swamo-Root is the sra'at discovery of
any harmful drugs I am seventy years and Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and blad-
' four months old, and with a good conscience I dpr sDecialist Hosnitnl** n<*<» It with wnn
can recommend Swamp-Root to .all . sufferers derfu? success in both sli-ht a^d
from kidney troubles. Four members o£ my V?"f™ JL.«^™Jtif 7* \u2666 it se\er«
family have been using Swamp-Root for four cases. Doct ore re commend it to their pa-
different kidney diseases, with the same good tients and cse it in their own families, be-
results." , cause they recognize in Swamp-Root the
With many thanks to you. I remain, greatest and most successful remedy.
Very truly yours. Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and ia
ROBERT BERNER. for sale the world over at druggists in
You may have a sample bottle of this bottles of two sizes and twp prices— fifty
famous kidney remedy, , Swamp-Root, cents and one dollar. Remember the
sent free by mail, postpaid, by which you name, Swamp-Root, and the address,
may test its virtues for such disorders Binghamton, N. Y.
EDITOBIAIi NOTICE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or
bladder trouble, or if there is a trace of it in your family history, send at once
to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., who will gladly send you by mail, im-
mediately, without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book con-
taining many of the thousands* upon thousands of testimonial letters received
from men and women cured. In writing be sure to say that you read this gen-
erous offer in the San Francisco Daily Call. . ";"• .*,'..
,i\HldunliVdS\5
PKiLADELPHIA SHOE GO.
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
Giona
Pingree's
\ Gloria.
Sold by KatselfinsM.
: The name of Pingree & Smith
,: has alwavs been associated \u25a0wltn
i the making: of honest footwear.
: The chief requisite of any shoe is
•; style and fit combined with good
' service, and in these qualifications
the Gloria S3 50 shoe for ladies has
no equal. .Lots of style and lone
\u25a0 wear Is their motto. . What more
does a customer want? And the
prfci?, $3 50, is popular. FOR NO
ONE COMPLAINS ABOUT THfi
PRICE IF THE SHOES GIVE so :
\u25a0 SATISFACTION. The Gloria shoes |3 j
for ladies can be bought in any gb |
stock,, on any last and In any *
I weight. We are the sole agents. %
Also sole asrents for the celebrated s|-
. W. L. Douglas $3 00 and $3 bO ehoes.
for men. \u25a0 g I
ErJnc the children with you when " i
you buy ' shoes. We always have a a j
; toy td> give them. • . J i
(PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. |
hi I.O THIRD STREET. I
1 Qan FrancJsco. |no_textno_textno_textno_textIt will be recalled that up to the time of the pri
maries it was believed the Republicans had something
like an easy walkover in this contest The Demo
cratic party was divided and almost demoralized. A
straight-out Republican convention could have nomi
nated a ticket which would have had a victory that
would hardly have been disputed. That prospect,
however, was blighted by the convention when it-sur
rendered to the bosses and accepted a ticket made up
fcr it by two railroad Democrats who never in their
lives cared anything about the Republican party or
about San Francisco, and whose only aim in helping
the Republican bosses was to put themselves in a"
position where they cculd demand a return of favors
in the shape of service rendered to the corporations
by which Burke and Herrin are employed.
Stanch and loyal Republicans will not accept can
didates named by corporation Democrats. Under any
circumstances such nominations would be revolting
to the party. In this instance there are many cir
cumstances attending the nominations that make
them even more revolting than they would otherwise
be. In the first place the manner in which the nomi
nations were Kiade was insulting to the intelligence
and independence of the rank and- file of tne party,
and in the second place it seems the bosses deem this
to be a yellow dog year, for most of the candidates
on the ticket for Supervisors are of that variety.
There is but one way for honest Republicans to
effectively resent and remedy the wrong that has been
put upon the party, and that is by defeating the can
didates whom Herrin and Burke have nominated. It
happens that the men named by the Democratic party
for Supervisors are men whom the stanchest of Re
publicans can vote for without any sacrifice of party
loyaity or any lack of civic patriotism. They have been
tried in office and they have been found to be faith
ful and honest. No scandal stains the record of their
service. In an election of this kind, where no party
principle nor even a partisan policy is at stake, Re
publicans can well afford to vote for the candidates
for Supervisors who can be expected to render the
most faithful service to the city. One set of candi
dates comes before the people with an open record of
work done for the city, the other with a secret pledge
of work to be done for corporations. No intelligent
man, Republican or independent, can hesitate how to
vote on si:ch an issue . .
STANCH and stalwart Republicans who are
proud of the traditions of the party and who are
loyal to its principles watched with no little dis
gust the proceedings of the so-called Republican
convention in this city which nominated candidates
for Supervisors dictated by such well-known Demo
cratic bosses of the Southern Pacific Railroad as W.
F. Herrin and Jcre Burke. It may. be admitted that
some of the candidates nominated are. good men, but
why was it necessary for them to have the indorse
ment of Burke and Herrin?
It is a safe proposition that politics is never
employed for the accomplishment of straight ends.
Burke and Herrin were not called into Republican
councils for nothing, neither did they intrude them
selves into those councils for nothing. It must have
been an arrangement ior muiual profit between the
Republican bosses of the convention and the Demo
cratic bosses of the railroad that brought their agree
ment upon the ticket for Supervisors.
It hardly requires any probing into the secret meet
ings of the bosses before the convention to demon
strate the existence of a conspiracy among them to
use the Republican party as a means of getting con
trol of the city government and making use of it for
the advantage of corporations. Where Herrin and
Burke are working in the sunshine we may be sure
that corporations. are lurking in the shadow. It is
therefore a foregone conclusion that these men nomi
nated at the dictation of the Democratic corporation
bosses were pledged to give the corporations what
soever they wish.
THE CHOICE OF SUPERVISORS.
Senator- Mason's recent" statement that the fight
against him amounts to nothing and that he is;sure
of/re-election may be cited- as another evidence that
the eloquent "gentleman In© a. tongue that will say
anything." -•\u25a0,."• .*'.''
A sea captain who recently arrived at. Philadelphia
reports having sailed for miles \u25a0 through "a blood
colored-sea which' was' swarming with snakes." The
log shows no statement as* to the kind of grog used
during the voyage.
It is announced that Sarah Grand, author of "The
Heavenly Twins," is coming to this country to lec
ture, and along with the announcement comes the in
formation that her name is Mrs. McFall; she is of
Quaker descent and was born in Ireland.
WOODWARD'S RULES-O. - C, City.
You "have informed as to
the rules of the late R. B. Woodward, he
whp founded Woodward's Gardens, as to
the conduct of the What Cheer House,
which he opened in this city In 1852. First,
'he gave no man credit for room, or board.
If a party came to ;Mr. Woodward and
told him that he was broke and wanted
a meal or a bed on credit he would refuse
him, but would call him to' one side and
give him, if he appeared to be a deserv
ing person, 50 cents and tell him to go
somewhere else for a meal or a bed, as
the' case .may.;be.- .The second- rule was
that no liquors . should • be sold on the
premises, and the third was the , rule
which prohibited the entrance of women
in- the .What' Cheer- under any- circum
stances. '.- No man, however high his sta
tion, could get a room there for his wife.
The rule was extended^ to apply to. all
employes, and during th'e time he was in
charge there never was "a" female employe
or servant in the premises.' " .
A Pennsylvania gentleman is boasting of having a
fruit, tree which bears two kinds of apples and four
kinds of pears, but even that record does not equal
Quay's famous plum tree, from which he could shake
down at any time any kind of plum for any number
of men who voted right. • •
The Republican State campaign committee of
Maryland has purchased 14,000 pairs of spectacles, so
that nearsighted persons may see clearly to vote the
right ticket. There is very little to indicate the ne
cessity for similar provision for right-thinking peo
ple of this city at the approaching election.
LETTER OF INQUIRY— Subscriber,
City. A letter of inquiry addressed to The
Call's department of Answers to Corre
spondents asking for an answer through
the columns of the paper does not have
to have a stamp inclosed, but letters of
inquiry of a personal nature or those ask
ing for answers which if printed 'would
amount to an advertisement of any busi
ness or firm should be accompanied by a
self-addressed and stamped envelope. The
same rule applies to a letter of Inquiry
sent to any one outside of a. newspaper
that has a department of answers to cor
respondents. It is enough to ask the par
ty addressed to furnish the information
desired, without asking him to* pay post
age for the privilege, of answering.
SUPERVISOR REED'S new ordinance intended
to abate the nuisance of freak advertising on
the public streets appears to be well devised to
meet and overcome the objections made to the former
ordinance on the subject. The issue is one that has
engaged the attention of municipal authorities not
only in all parts of the United States, but in Europe
as well. That form of advertising has, in fact, be
come one of the serious nuisances of civilization, and
it is everywhere evident that some means must be de
vised for putting an end to it.
While restrictive ordinances have been adopted in
many cities, it is notable .that at present in the East
ern States the trend of public sentiment on the sub
ject is in the direction of regulating the nuisance by
means of. taxation. That system was adopted some
years ago in France, and as a result the French Gov
ernment enjoys the satisfaction of deriving a hand
some revenue from, billboard advertising, as well as
the satisfaction of jjerceiving that the worst features
of the nuisance have been abated.
In discussing this phase of the subject the Boston
Herald recently said: "Advertising genius has had
its ruthless, impudent way too. long, 'making its work
a nuisance to; the life of communities. There are laws
now forbidding some kinds of signs, but they are not
well enforced, chiefly because it is not made any one's
business to enforce them. But if all posters were sub
ject to taxation, an immense number would promptly
cease to afflict, and all that would hereafter appear
would conform to such rules and regulations as the
law might impose. The regulations might apply to
FREAK ADVERTISING-.
. Chairman Jones of the Democratic State Commit
tee of South Carolina recently withdrew from the
race for the seat in the Senate now held by McLaurin,
and in doing so recommended that the party unite on
Wade Hampton for the succession. The affair has
created something of a sensation in the State and
should the plan be carried out there will be surprise
in the country, for a combination of Wade Hampton
and Tillman would be a startling novelty even in
politics.
PUBLIC UTILITIES — T. E. McG.,
Eureka, Cal. The following named pirtces
in the State of California own their own
water works: Anaheim, Colton, Giiroy,
Grass Valley, Lincoln, Lompoc, Modesto,
Monrovia, Oceanside, .Ontario, Palo Alto,
Redwood City, Sacramento, San Ber
nardino, San Diego, San Jacinto, Santa
Ana, Santa Clara, Santa Cruz, Suisun,
Vallejo and Woodland. There may be
others, but this department has no data
other, than that furnished. There is no
complete list of places in the State that
own their light plants, but among those
that do may be mentioned Alameda and
Palo Alto.
A story is going the rounds of Europe to the effect
that the Czar of Russia, as a means of promoting the
peace of Europe, has suggested to France and Ger
many the advisability of making Alsace and Lorraine
an independent country to form a "buffer state" be
tween the two nations; and there the story ends. It
appears the man who invented it did not feel capable
of telling what-the Kaiser said when the proposition
was made to him.
LICENSES— K., Kirkwood, Cal. If you
desire to go into the business of travel
ing .through the country and selling from
house to house spectacles and eyeglarses
and propose to deliver the glasses to those
who need them after an examination of
their sight, you will become a peddler and
will have to have a peddler's license in
whichever county you' may do business.
If you canvass for books to be delivered
by the house you represent, you will not
need a license.
SUNDAY CONTRACTS— A. M. T. Con
tracts made on Sunday are popularly
supposed to .be void. This is a matter
largely dependent on local statutory law.
In the absence of a statutory inhibition
parties may make a valid contract on
Sunday as well as on any other day. Even
when enactments exist such contracts are
not usually void, but only voidable, and
if subsequently, ratified on a secular day
they may be enforceable according to the
terms.
MOVER OF A MOTION-P. D. R., City.
It is customary for the president of an
assemblage to appoint the mover of a
motion to name a committee as chairman
of such committee, but it is not obliga
tory. That the president of the assembly
'does not appoint, the mover on the com
mittee or as chairman thereof is not to be
taken as evidence that the president is
ignorant of parliamentary law.
HOSPITALS— Inquirer, Haywards, Cal.
To prevent one county from saddling the
destitute sick of its territory upon the
free hospital of another county each
county in the State of California, has
placed a time limit as to residence before
a patient can be admitted for treatment.
This does not, however, apply to emer
gency cases.
OZOCERITE— Subscriber, City. Ozocer
ite, also written ozokerite, is a mineral
"wax of a rich brown color with a green
tint, found in immense deposits in Galicia
and Moldavia. It is one of the mineral
resins occurring in shales of the coal
formation, and is refined and molded into
candles.
ST. LOUIS BRIDGE-J. K., City. The
great Eades bridge across the Mississippi
at St. Louis was, according to Switzer's
"History of, Missouri," the Missouri State
Gazetteer and other authorities, opened
on the 4th of July, 1874, in the presence of
at least 150,000 persons.
BUCKING-A. O. S., Ono, Shasta Coun
ty, Call "Bucking" in mining is a term
applied to the crushing of ore by hand on
a plate by means of a flat head hammer.
LEGAL ADVICE-H. E. F., City. This
department will state the law when such
questions are asked _ but it will not give
legal advice or decide points of law.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
THIS IS THE LARGEST DOCK IN THE WORLD AND A VALUABLE ADDITION TO OUR NAVY. IT IS 523 FEET
LONG, WITH A LIFTING POWER OF 20,000 TONS, AND COST $810,000. PICTURES SHOW HOW IT WILL, LOOK
HOLDING A BATTLESHIP. ,
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"Joe, you are rude— I'll never put foot
in your office again."
"Oh, yes, you will; you'll come in again
late some evening when I'm just hurry
ing off to try and catch my train." — Chi
cago Record-Herald.
Little Mickey— Oi saw Hop Pttng. the
laundryman, radin* a Choinase book jist
now. Instid av doin' loike a whoite man,
shure, he begins at the back an' rades up
ward.
McLubberty— Begorra! i3 the poor divil
lift-handed or cross-eyed, o?../phwat? —
Leslie's Weekly.
"The grind of going over examination
papers," said the principal of a downtown
school yesterday, "has its compensation
if one has a sense of humor. Some of the
answers are stupidly funny, while others
are unconsciously witty. One of the ques
tions in the papers I went over this morn
ing 'was: 'Name some of the causes of
dyspepsia.' One boy's answer was: 'Eat
ing green apples and drinking beer be
tween meals.' Another answered: 'Drink
ing Ice water and after dinner speaking 1 .'
Isn't that delicious? A third boy said
dyspepsia was caused by going in swim
ming on an empty stomach., Another
question was: "Name some at. the vital
organs of the human body.' One answer
was: 'Heart, liver, lungs and lights.
These are the eternal organs.' "—Philadel
phia Record.
He— I see a new family has. moved in
next door.
She— Yes, they moved in to-day.
He— What sort of furniture have they?
She— I didn't notice.
He— Goodness, dear! "What's the matter?
Have you been sick?— Philadelphia Pres3.
"They say my cousin is a wonderful
doctor."
"You bet he is! I swallowed a nickel
the other day and he made me cough up
two dollars."— Topeka Capital.
The smart, clean, well dressed boy gazed
longingly at the gutter urchins, with their
damp bundles of newspapers and matches.
This activity and independence had an un
speakable charm for him, and after a se
vere inward struggle he left his doorway
and sought one of the muddy, little new3
agents.
"Do you think," he asked, "that I
should be able to earn money as you do if
I bought some papers and came to this
corner to sell them?'
"What does the likes o* you want sellin"
papers?"
"I'm tired of being idle at home."
"Well," said the newsboy, seriously;
"d'yer think you can 'old a quire o' papers
in one 'and, race like Persimmon, lick
three or four boys blgger'n yourself with
one hand, while yer keeps two more orf
with yer feet, while yer takes a toff's
ha'penny, an' yells VootbalU* all the
time?" \u25a0 '..„
"No-o, I don't," replied the well dressed
little boy.
"Then yer no good in the news agency
biz," said the ragged boy. "You'd better
git yer people to 'prentice yer to some
thing easy."— Tit Bits.
A gentleman recently met a Harvard
graduate of last June.
"How goes it, Harry?" said he.
"Oh, things are booming," replied the
young man, cheerfully. "I don't get any
pay yet, but I'm probably the best oiler
of machinery In New England."— Boston
Christian Register.
It so happened that the telephone girls
finally were organized into a labor union.
"Give me 16 double 5 in a hurry," said
the subscriber.
"Pardon me," replied the girl at central,
"but have you a union card?"
''Certainly ," answered the subscriber.
"In a union affiliated with the Federa
tion of Labor?"
"Yes, yes, of course. Hurry up, can't
you?"
"Dues all paid up?" persisted the girl.
"Yes."
"Well, give me the number of your
union card, and as soon as I can have
your assertions verified I shall be glad to
make the necessary connections for you."
—Chicago Post.
Tire United States owes much to the Yale teaching
and the Yale influence. It is now recognized that the
founder of the institution was one of the truest of the
benefactors of the country. His memory merits every
honor that will be given it. More and more we are
coming to recognize that the welfare of our republic
is dependent less upon its political constitution than
upon its educational system. The best form of gov
ernment cannot avail to advance an ignorant or a cor
rupt people. It is therefore to the centers of light
and learning that we look for the inculcation of the
principles and precepts that are to keep us as a free
people and a great nation.
In his address the other day President Hadley said:
"It is becoming evident that the real test of an educa
tional system lies in its training of a citizen to meet
political exigencies. If it accomplishvthat result it is
fundamentally good whatever else it may leave un
done. If it fail in that -cardinal point no amount of
excellence in other directions can save it from con
demnation."
That is the kind of doctrine taught at Yale, and it
is sound doctrine. It is quite true that. all students
at Yale are not attentive to the teaching, but most of
them are, and the people as a whole are in full sym
pathy with the Yale festival because they know that
she has taught her sons that to be rightly trained for
citizenship the youth must be as President Hadley
has said: "Inflamed with the study of learning and
the admiration of virtue, stirred up with high hopes
of living to be brave men and worthy patriots."
On the day when the university extended her formal
welcome to her guests responses were made by Profes
sor Williams of Oxford, who spoke for the universities
of Great Britain; Fedorovich Maartens of St. Peters
burg, for the universities- of Continental Europe;
President Eliot of Harvard, for the universities of the
Eastern States; President Dabney of the University
of Tennessee, for the universities of the Southern
States, and President Harper of Chicago, for the uni
versities of the West. It will be perceived Yale has
not yet learned that Chicago is 'not the West of this
country; that, in fact, it is some distance east of the
center; but that error, we trust, will not long con
tinue. In the absence of any genuine Western repre
sentative we are just as well satisfied to be repre
sented by President Harper as by any other Eastern
WITH stately ceremonials, with, classic ora
tions and with a* generous bestowal of hon
ors Yale is celebrating the two hundredth
anniversary of her foundation. For a time the stu
dent body is lost sight of, the football players have to
go way back and sit down, while the scholars and the
dignitaries of the university hold the attention of the
public. \u25a0'":\u25a0'\u25a0'.'
The festival has been made the occasion for a
gathering of scholars from all parts of the world.
Delegates from thirty foreign universities and from
125 American institutions are among the disting
uished guests, and notable in the number is Dr.
Booker Washington; the negro who has made for
himself an honored place among the foremost educa
tors of the world. •
YALE IN HER GLORY.
The Empress Dowager of China has declared in an
edict that for a year she has slept on wormwood and
eaten gall. She probably suggests the information
as a congratulaf ion that she was permitted either to
sleep or eat. Her conduct should have guaranteed
her neither.
minerals found on the planet.
Look at this list of these products mined and pro
duced in commercial quantities in California alone.
We produced for the season of 1899-1900 antimony,
asbes,tos, asphalt, bituminous* rock, borax, cement,
chrome, brick clay, potters clay, coal, copper, fullers
earth, glass sand, gold, granite, gypsum, infusorial
earth, lead, limestone and lime, lithia mica, stone for
macadam, magnesite, manganese, marble, mineral
paint, mineral water, natural ,gas, onyx and travertine,
paving blocks, petroleum, platinum, pyrites, quartz
sand, quicksilver, rubble, salt, sandstone, serpentine,
silver, slate and soda, to the aggregate value of $30,
000,000. We boast justifiably of the rich variety of the
products of our soil in field and garden crops and
fruits and timber, a«d of our waters in fish. But Na
ture has not been content to endow us with these
alone, and has stored in the soil and in the embrace
of the rocks an equally amazing variety of metals and
minerals.
It is a goodly, land, and that part of its interests rep
resented by this Miners' Convention is in good hands.
genius of our people is trained and brought to bear
upon these problems of reduction, and we learn how
to wrest the value of our metals from close-fisted Na
ture, the metallurgical center of the world, which is
now at Swansea, Wales, will be transferred to this
coast, and will rise somewhere upon the shores of
San Francisco Bay.
The Miners' Convention has before it practical is
sues of immediate importance, but it should have a
forward look toward these other issues which affect
the permanence of mining and the location of its
greatest and most complete expression here.
" There is no doubt that all of these interests would
get a great impulse' if the industry could secure repre
sentation in the Cabinet. This is the greatest mining
country in the world. Our iron, coal, copper, oil,
stone, gold, silver, salt, borax and soda make up the
greatest group of precious and economic metals and
IN no other State in the Union is there as general
interest in mining as in California. Here was the
great production of gold in the United States.
We were ahead of Australia in the discovery and de
velopment of large deposits, and our fame as a gold
producer went fo*th into the world ahead of Siberia.
Nearly all of the improved processes of mining have
originated in California, or have been the discovery
or invention of California miners.' Our other indus
tries are great and permanent, but there is scarcely
an enterprising man who does not turn to the mines
as a last resort to make or recruit his fortune. Nearly
every prominent public man has had something to
do with mines. Our senior Senator, Perkins, was a
sailor, a merchant, and is now a large ship-owner,
but still he is a miner. The great fortunes made in
this State. have been won in the mines, or in their-be
ginning related to that industry. Even the four build
ers of the Central Pacific Railway had to trace the
foundation of their wealth to the building of a line
originally intended to reach the mines of Dutch Flat.
- It is no wonder that the State Mining Association,
which is now holding its tenth annual convention in
this city, has a membership of nine thousand, the
largest, we believe, of any industrial organization in
the Union, and perhaps in the world, in proportion
to the population .it represents. It has done much
for mining, but much remains to be done. California
should no longer permit the State of Colorado to
have the leading School of Mines ii\ this country.
Her institution at Golden is overflowing with students
of mining from all over the world. California . has
furnished the greatest mining experts and engineers
known to that industry. They have developed the
mines \u25a0 of Africa and are developing those of
China. They are consulted by the Russian officers in
Siberia. \u25a0 Naturally the State from which they hail
should have a great mining school, in which the en
gineering, , metallurgy, mineralogy and' geology of
the subject should be taught to all comers. This
State should permit it no longer to appear that Wash
ington University in St. Louis and Johns Hopkins in
Baltimore have to furnish the mining chemists who
master the reduction of the refractory copper ores of
Arizona and the rebellious ores of Oregon. California
has excelled all others in the mechanical appliances
of mining, and in the engineering of mines. But
mining now requires the union of chemical with me
chanical skill and knowledge, and this State should
go forward to that branch of the subject in the knowl
edge that rich rewards await the experts who' can
solve some of the great chemical problems presented
by the large variety of our ores and by the combina
tions in which the precious metals are found.
Between this State and a great iron mining industry
lies a barrier that mechanics and chemists must com
bine to solve, and when a smelter rises in that solution
we will export iron instead of importing it. If the
NEW FLOATING STEEL DRYDOCK
OF THE UNITED STATES NAVY
The problem is a troublesome one, and the nuisance
increases rather than diminishes. In some way a
remedy must be provided, and up to this time no plan
for abating the nuisance has proven more successful
or has been more generally commended than that of
subjecting it to the regulations of tax laws.
place as well as to size and character. Taxation
need not, as some fear it would, authorize offensive
signs. Certainly they would have no more freedom
and encouragement than they now have, and it would
be practicable to abolish them altogether."
That statement may be taken as a fair expression
of the conclusion of the Eastern press upon the sub
ject. It has been stated in almost the same language
again and again by the leading papers in New York,
Philadelphia and Chicago. In fact, the French plan
of imposing a tax upon such advertising has been
tried and found to be. effective, while no other form
of regulation has been effective. As the Herald has
said, "there are laws now forbidding some kind of
signs, but they are not well enforced chiefly because
it is not made any one's business to enforce them."
We have an illustration of that neglect' in our own
city in the fact that the Supervisors have found it
necessary to refer to the 'Police Committee a resolu-.
tion directing the attention of the police to J;he ordi
nance prohibiting the maintenance of inflammable
fences more than ten feet in height. That ordinance,
it appears, has not been enforced,, and the Chief of
Police has been called upon now to enforce it.
THE MINERS' CONVENTION.
J. Leszynski, a banker of New -York,
who is in the habit of spending the winter
months in California, arrived here yester
day and is staying at the Palace.
Irving B. Dudley, a, former resident of
San Diego and United States Minister to
Peru, arrived here yesterday on a short
vacation. He is. at the Occidental: «
, W. P. Dunham, a mining man who has
valuable properties. in Colorado, arrived
here yesterday, en route to his home in
Los Angeles. He Is at the Palace.
S. H. Mallory, president of the First Na
tional Bank of Chariton, Iowa," who was
a lay delegate to the recent Episcopal
convention in this city, departed for his
home last evening, accompanied by his
wife and daughter/ Mrs. J. M. Thayer. \u25a0
James J. Atkins, an extensive stationery
manufacturer of Pittsfleld, Mass., is in
the city and has made the Lick his head
quarters.
Alberto R. Elias, Consul for Peru at
Hongkong, is at the Occidental, accom
panied by his wife.
Mrs. J. N. Dolph, widow of the late
Senator Dolph of Oregon, arrived from
Portland yesterday and is at the Palace.
PERSONAL* MENTION.
Jesse Poundstone of Grimes is a guest
at the Grand, j
W. F. Roberts, an oil man of Selma, is
a guest at the Lick.
John E. Beale, a well known resident of
Santa Barbara, is at the Palace.
Judge E. C. Hart came down from Sac
ramento yesterday and is at the Palace.
E. O. Miller, a prominent oil man of
Visalla, is among the arrivals at the Pal
ace.
Up to the present publishers have very
generally ignored the draper-bookseller,
but there are many signs that he is to be
extensively for- in future.
The ordinary booksellers seem aboutvto
raise a cry, for they know how the open
ing of the book departments in the largo
stores of America has damaged the trade
of the old fashioned booksellers.
Still they come! I have just heard that
the first number of a new literary and
political weekly, to be called Survey of
the Week, will appear toward the end
of this month. • .
The paper, I am told, is backed by sev
eral well known Liberal Imperialists,
while a late member of the Speaker's staff
will be responsible for the editorial ar
rangements.
I referred the other day^ to the new
novel upon which Jerome K. Jerome Is at
present engaged.
I am now told it Is to be the longest and
most important piece of work he has yet
attempted, which is saying a great deal.
. A well known publisher who has earned
a reputation for push is advertising In
papers of the drapery trade. Me is
anxious to quote special terms to drapers
who have or who would like to start book
departments.
Some people s.re wondering if the
American system of selling books is being
introduced into this country.
Hall Caine's 100,000 was the biggest send
off a novel ever had. g I believe at least
75,000 copies of these have already been
sold.
The "Life of Tolstoi," by Dr. E. J. Dil
lon, is to be published by Messrs. Hoflder
& Stoughton, while Messrs. Sands will
send out "Gabriel Rossetti," W. M. Ros
setti'B translation of his father's versified
autobiography.
Fiction reigns supreme as ever so far
as quantity is concerned.
One or two records have been estab
lished in. the matter of first editions.
Graham Balfour's "Life of Robert Louis
Stevei:son," in two volumes, is to copae
from Messrs. Methuen. "Jane Austen,"
by Constance Hill, a guinea book, with il
lustrations, will be published by John
Lane, and an essay on "Walt Whitman,
with a selection from his writings by Ed
mund Holmes, is also promised by the
same house.
The list is especially strong in literary
biographies, including Andrew Lang's
"Alfred Tennyson," which Messrs. Black
wood have nearfy ready in their "Modern
English Writers" series.
The publishers' programme, if it prom
ises nothing of surpassing importance, is
of average interest as a whole, and it
sometimes happens, as In the case of "An
Englishwoman's Love Letters," the suc
cess of the season lurks in a book which
has passed unnoticed in the announce
ments. That is the way of the book trade.
Biography and autobiography again
take the lion's share in the leading an
nouncements.
With the autumn publishing announce
ments out It is easy to anticipate a busy
season. The \u25a0 difficult thing is to Eay
whether it will be a prosperous one or
not. Booksellers, from what I can gather,
seem rather more sanguine than they
were a year ago. They point to the fact
that the theaters have begun well. This Is
a good sign, they say, and they
add that the book trade has improved con
siderably since the beginning of Septem
ber.
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1901.
WEDNESDAY .OCTOBER 23, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, \u25a0 Proprietor.
I; Address All "CoaunuiiirtUou to W. B. LEAKS, Mwigw.- '
MANAGER'S OFFICE... Telephone PreM 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. 9*.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevens on St.
Telephone Preai 202.
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per TVeefc
Single Copies. S Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including- Postages
&AXX.T CALL Cnclodinc Sunday), ona year M $«.M
DAILT CaLIi Cnclodlnc Bunder). • month*............... 1.09
DAILY CALL (lnriudlc* Sunday), > smooths 1.50
DAILT CAIXr-Br Single Month «5o
ECKDAT CALIx On* Tear ...................... 1.6*
WEEKLY CALU On* Tear 1.00
All postmaster* Rre authorized to recelv*
subscriptions,,
Bamp!* copies will be i erwarued wben reonetted.
UtU rubecrlbers Jn ordering chance of address should b*
particular to sire both NEW AKD OLD ADDRESS tn order
to lciure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAKD OFFICE . . . J^ . .1118 Broadway
C- GEORGE KROG!TESS.
Xt&tgtr Foreign Adrertisi&gr, M »rqnette Building, Chicago.
I CLjote Dictum Telephone "Central 2613.")
KEW TORK COKHESPONDENT:
C C CAJ3C.LTOX . .................. Herald S«nnre
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPHEX B. SMITH 30 Trlbuna Ball dins
CHICAGO NETTS STANDS:
Efcerm&a Eonse: P. O. New* Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Vtemost House; Auditorium Hct'cL
KETT TORK NEWS STANDS: *
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Erentano, Si Union Eanare;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASniXGTOlS <D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St, W. W.
J1OKTOX E. CRAVE, Correspondent.
BRAJVCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
octil t:30 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. €15 Larkln, open until
• :«0 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until S o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until S o'clock. NW.
comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Fillsiore. open until 9 p. m. .
6
California — "A Female Drummer."
Tivoli — "Xorma."
Central— "The Cotton King."
Grand Opera-house— "The Man From Mexico."
Alcazar— "The Girl in the Barracks."
Columbia — "The Henrietta."
Oriiheum — Vaudeville.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer' s— Vaudeville.
Eutro Baths — Open nights.
AMUSEMENTS. '
AUCTION SATVflS.
Bv Geo. F. Lamson— This day, at 11 o'clock. Furniture, at
3721 Jacfcson street.
"Walnut and Pecan Fanoche. Townsend. •
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cai; Glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Drunkenness and all drug habits cured
at Willow Bark Sanitarium, 1839 Polk. •
Towcsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in flre-etchejj boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street, Palace Hotel building.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
"Women In the Philippines, at least In
the island of Luzon, are showing wonder-
ful . skill as lapidaries and gem setters.
Their taste and workmanship are far in
advance of the powers of men.
SUMMER RATE3 at Hotel del qoroaado.
Coronado Beach. Cal.. effective after April 15;
$60 for round trip, including 15 days at hot* I.
Pacific Coast S. S. Co.. 4 New Montgomery al*Funeral services over the remains of
Police Corporal Robert Cockrill were held
in Memorial Hall, Odd Fellows' building,
yesterday, under the auspices of Apollo
Lodge No. 123, of which the deceased was
a member. After the services, which
were attended by many friends of the de
ceased, the body was escorted to the
ferry landing by the members of Apollo
Lodge and a detail of policemen from, te
Widows' and Orphans' Aid Association of
the Police Department. Interment took
place at Petaiuma,
Funeral of Corporal Cockrill.
He spoke briefly, but to the point.
. "Property is the -essence of govern
ment," said he, "and property 13 the
essence of this campaign. Assessment
and taxation are the means whereby a
municipality lives and that government is
best where assessment is most equally
levied and where the fruits of judicious
management are most equally 'divided.
"I call on every young man, be he what
he may, to stand here for the princW.es
I represent or regret it. San Francisco
to-day stands above a volcano. If I can
not be elected by the honest and decent
and patriotic element I do not wish to be
elected at all. We are making . a fight
for decency in public life. I am not a
politician; there is nothing in this for me.
I am in it because I was born in San
Francisco; because I love California; be
cause I hope I am a patriotic American.
"These are grand words, gentlemen,
and may sound to you like the siren song
of the politician. But my heart is be
hind all I say and I mean every word.
"Remember, though, I am not in this
fight alone. I am not here as a sacrifice
for the decent elements of society. It is
the duty of every man with a home, of
every man with a family to stand by my
side. The issue of this campaign is be
tween men lashed to schemes of bosses
and corporations" and men with no obliga
tions but those called for by their oath
of office. I am in this fight free as the
wind that plays over the dome of the
City Hall. I 'have made no pledges. I
have no political future to serve. My aim
will be 'a square deal for everybody,'
and on that platform I go to victory or
defeat."
on a solid vote from this division of the
municipality.
Joseph S. Tobin* spoke at three meet
ings last night. The courtesy of a crowd
ed hall was extended to him in every case
and his frank declarations for things hon
est and clean won for. the candidate for
the Mayoralty the respect and enthusi
astic approval of all his auditors.
He spoke first at Murphy's Hall, Ocean
View, where he found a bonfire and the
whole community ready to greet him.
"I came here to talk to you," he said,
"not as an aspirant for office but as a
young man seeking the same ends for
which you are striving. I mean the bet-'
terment of San Francisco. We are seek
ing an honest government, not a govern
ment subordinated to boss and corpora
tion rule. My object in 1 political life is to
improve the government of this city. I
am not trying to garner votes for the
future. I want no other office. I have
no object -beyond what I consider rthe
duty I owe the city I love so well. If I
f»m elected Mayor of this municipality the
doors of my office will be open to the rail
road magnate and to the humblest citi
zen. I want you to feel that my fight is
your fight and to give me the same sup
port-you would if I occupied the cottage
adjoining yours or spent my days plowing
furrow for furrow with you in the field."
Tobin's reception at Progress Hall, 3766
Twenty-fourth street, was, if anything,
more enthusiastic than at Ocean View.
"I was nominated at the eleventh hour,"
he said,'"and I have made pledges to no
body, g I accepted the nomination feeling
it was my duty as a young man. I have
no ax to grind. If elected I, shall use
the office , for. the single purpose of fur
thering the interests of the municipality.
I am not a politician. I despise the thor
ough-going politician, whose one- object
in life is to scrape the bones of the body
politic." - -
_Phelps Hall on Devisadero street, be
tween Oak and Page, is in the center of
a strong anti-Phelan district. Judging
from the reception given to Tobin last
night, the candidate for Mayor can bank
"Remember, though, I am not in this
fight alone. I am not here as a sacrifice
for the decent elements of society. It is
the duty of every man with a home, of
every man with a family, to stand by my
side. The issue of this campaign is be
tween men lashed to schemes of bosses
and corporations and men with no obli
gations but those called for by their oath
of office."— Extract from Joseph S. To
bin's speech last night at Phelps Hall.
Joseph S. Tobin Addreses Crowded
Meetings on Vital Issues of the
Campaign.
CANDIDATE'S FRANKNESS
AROUSES ENTHUSIASM
X-ASSEMBLYMAN W. H. COBB
t^J/ has given orders that the talka-
tive Wells shall be bottled up.
_>f The voluble nominee did not
speak last night, and at County
Committee headquarters no definite in
formation could be obtained regard
ing his next appearance as a talker.
Cobb, who is running Wells' head
quarters in the Grand Hotel, dis
claims all responsibility for the ar
rangement of campaign meetings. He
explains that the committee across the
street Is attending to the speaking parts.
Cobb has a little private apartment ad
joining a main assembly room on the
third floor of the Grand, where he meets
the Republican nominees for the Boaru
of Supervisors and tries to convince them
that they now have the confidence and
support of the Republican nominee for
Mayor Gobb finds it difficult to explain
a story which was published in the Bul
letin's sixth edition of October 3, as print
ed above. Since that date something has
happened tending to establish cordial re
lations between that Journal and the Re
publican nominee for Mayor, but the can
didates for the board persist all the same
in asking all sorts of questions about this
storv from the Bulletin.
The Tobin managers fully appreciate
the advantage to their candidate of giv
ing the widest ptiDlicity to the wild utter
ances of Candidate Wells. A circular con
taining the Bulletin story was sent out
from the To™n headquarters last night
and is beins in the city where
it will do the most good.
Candidates Think He Should Quit.
Many of the candidates fancy that it
would be a good thing for them if Wells
would pull out even at this late day. At
last accounts Thomas D. Riordan, chair
man of the late Republican convention,
was still willing to pay $500 out of hM
own pocket if Wells would step dow n and
O1 joseph S. Tobin is making a manly and
intelligent contest for Mayor, and it is
noted that he is gaining in favor every
day The Republicans who come out
openly and declare their purpose to sup-,
port Tobin at the polls are legion. It is
conceded by the leading politicians of all
parties that the Supervisors nominated
by the Democratic convention will be
elected. Taxpayers and citizens general
ly fear that. the bosses who dictated the
Republican nominations are behind a
scheme to loot the city. It Is.amte well
known that Wells is suspicious of the Re
publican Supervisorial ticket, and the
bosses are using every Possible means to
suppress his sentiments in this respect.
The candidates who are under suspicion
are out making their individual fights.
and if common gossip can be accepted
many of them are quite willing that their
friends should vote for Tobin.
Kainey Is for Wells.
The story that Sam Rainey has deserted
the Republican boss combination and
gone over to play in Schmitz's orchestra
is not correct. Rainey is for Wells and
the whole list of Supervisors presented to
the convention by the allied bosses.
Tobin is likely to secure a large vote
from the Republican Primary League. A.
Ruef however, is supporting Schmitz.
Rainey in the hope of curing this defec
tion promises Ruef the future leadership
of the Republican party in the north end
of town. It is known to all the politicians
that the bosses gave out orders to ignore
the Primary League in every matter con
nected with the organization of the con
vention, although the league ticket se
cured S500 Republican votes, which was
really a majority of the Republican vote
cast at the primary election. Democrats,
rounded up by Rainey and Graney,
turned the scale against the league, but
there will be another election November
5 and the bosses are beginning to fear
that the league voteis going to Tobin.
James McGuire, a prisoner In the
County Jail, with sentences amounting to
about four years' imprisonment staring
him in the face, was granted a. writ of
habeas corpus, which will eventually set
him free, by the Supreme Court yester
day.
McGuire was convicted ot the charge of
carrying concealed weapons "early in July
and was given six months in the County
Jail In which to repent of his misdeeds.
On September T, Judge Lawlor sentenced
McGuire to three years and a half at
Folsom after a conviction for burglary.
The defendant was left to serve out his
sentence in the County Jail. . .
The court holds that the Sheriff should
have executed the judgment of the Supe
rior Court immediately after the receipt
of a certified copy of it. In failing to do
so a cumulative sentence not allowed by
law has been imposed. -
The case will be heard before the Su
preme Court on Friday, when McGuire
will probably go free.
Supreme Court Issues Writ of Habeas
\u25a0 Corpus on a Legal v Tech
nicality.
BURGLAR McGITIRE MAY
SECURE HIS FREEDOM
BARBER EXAMINERS '
RETURN TO THE CITY
Headquarters Are Reopened for the
Further Examination of
i Applicants.
After an extended trip throughout the
central_and southern portions of Califor
nia, the State Board of Barber Examiners
has reopened its headquarters in the
Emma Spreckels building, where it will
remain for a month at least. Since the
board was organized S400 licenses have
been issued. In the southern part of the
State, the members of the board say they
met with- a very pleasant reception.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
Southern Pacific special train leaves San
Francisco December 18, Los Angeles De
cember 19, reaching Mexico in time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip, San
Francisco 580, Los Angeles $70. Personally
conducted. Dintng-car, Pullmar. sleepers.
Limit sixty days. Low side-trip rates.
Optional . itineraries. Make reservations
613 Market street, San Francisco; 261 South
Spring street, Los Angeles.
Frank Gould to Wed Miss Kelly.
NEW YORK, "Oct. 22.— The engagement
is announced of Miss Helen Margaret
Kelly and Frank Jay Gould, the young
est son of the late Jay Gould. Miss Kelly
is a daughter of the late Edward Kelly.
The wedding will occur in the spring.
Roanoke Rye,' Honey ' and Horehound.
Get: it. You'll not regret it. •;\u25a0
Miss Levy's tuother also thought much
of Mr. Lloyd. Before her death she had
him draw up a will, leaving every dollar
she po-esessed in. the world to her daugh
ter, and In the event of her death every
thing reverted to him. When she died
the daughter took possession of the prop
ertv, and by the shrewdest kind of in
ves'tments doubled its value. It was her
plan to buy a lot in the business portion
of the- city '.nd then borrow money
enough to erect a substantial building on
it. She would then devote all her time
to securing tenants and- mortgage the
property, receiving her profit from
rentals. . .
A year ago she created a sensation by
having General W. H. L. Barnes draw
up a deed by which she gave all her prop
erty to Mr. Lloyd. The latter was loath
to accept the munificent gift and in or
der that the donor could have the use of
the property during her lifetime Mr.
Lloyd gave her an irrevocable power of
attorney. She made the deed so that her
relatives could not secure a dollar from
her estate after her death. It was even
stipulated In the deed of gift that in the
event of Mr. Lloyd's death the property
would go to his heirs. .
Miss Isabella Levy succumbed to in
flammation of the brain yesterday at her
late residence, €25 Hyde street. She had
been ill fcr the last two weeks and her
death was as sudden as it was unex
pected. Miss Levy was aged 46 at the
time of her demise. She was deemed one
cf the shrewdest real estate speculators
in this city, and at th'i time of her tak
ing off was possessed of valuable prop
erty, which was, however, heavily mort
gaged-
Miss Levy was deemed eccentric by
many and extremely clever by business
associates. One year ago deceased show
ed her high regard for Reuben H. Lloyd,
the well-known attorney, by deeding to
him all her property, which she was to
hold until her cemise. By her death Mr.
Lloyd's fortune, will be increased to the
extent of $30,000.
The story of her peculiar action is an
interesting one. Mr. Lloyd had been her
friend and counselor for a score of years.
He had watched her develop from a
young girl to si shrewd business woman.
He had counseled sending her to Mills
Seminar}' and had seen her graduate
from that institution of learning with
high honors. When her mother died,
years ago, he advised her In every busi
ness transaction she entered into and she
repaid hie kindnees by making him her
sole heir.
By the Death of Isabella
Levy He Comes Into
Her Property.
ATTORNEY LLOYD
GETS A FORTUNE
MILITIA OFFICER WHO HAS
BEEN GIVEN A REGULAR
ARMY COMMISSION.
However, Mr. McAdie of the Weather
Bureau states that the hot spell has at
list taken its departure, aad that com
fortable climatic conditions will prevail
for a few days at least.
It is predicted that there may be a
few hot day b during the next month, but
there will be no protracted periods of
high temperature, and •with these reser
vations It is officially announced that
Eummer has bidden farewell.
Hot weather, reluctant to take its de
parture, kept the public perspiring yester
day. The temperature mounted to 82 de
grees, a fraction higher than on Monday,
an 3 the excessive heat lasted two hours
lorger than on the previous day. San
Di<?go and Los Angeles, which on Monday
were sweltering in a temperature of 95
degrees, were much cooler than San Fran
cisco.
Temperature Mounts Fraction of De
gree Higher Than on Monday
and Public Perspires.
California, received a com
mission yesterday from "Washington as
first lieutenant of the Artillery Corps in
the regular army.
Lieutenant Tobin savr service in the
Philippines during the Spanish-American
v,ar and the Filipino insurrection and the
news of his promotion has agreeably sur
prised his fellow soldiers and friends gen
erally. He participated in the examina
tion held in this city on September 10 for
the position to which he has been ap
pa'irzed. It was held under the direction
of the Secretary of TVar and Lieutenant
Tobin was second on the list of the suc
cessful contestants. His answers to the
various questions showed a thorough
knowledge of military tactics.
Lieutenant Tobin's commission is signed
by. Theodore Roosevelt as President of
the Jnited States. He has as yet received
no orders, but they will arrive in the
course of a few days.
Lieutenant Tobin was born in Middle
fcoro, .Mass., and is 37 years of age. He
join<?d the National Guard shortly after
coming to this city in May, 1S85. He held
every position in the Second Artillery
RoRi.inent from private to first lieutenant
and was afterward inspector of rifle prac
tice in the First Infantry Regiment. He
v.-as? mustered into the First California
Volunteers on May 6, 1S9S. and served
through the Philippine campaign. He
was mustered out on September 21, 1899,
and joined the First Regiment, in which he
held the position of captain and adjutant.
He will at once sever his connection with
the National Guard, in which, he has
served so long and faithfully, to assume
the duties of his new position. He is at
pressent employed as assistant plumbing
inspector under the Board of Health, from
which position he will also resign as soon
as he receives his orders from Washing
ton.
SUMMEB. BIDS A WABM
FAREWELL TO THE CITY
WILLIAM HOWARD TOBIN,
at present captain and ad
jutant of the First Infantry
Regiment, National Guard of
STATEMENT BY ASA R. 1A/ELLS
Extract from San Francisco Bulletin, October 3, _^1OO1. Six
o'clock edition:
There is trouble in the Republican cainp. ' Auditor Wells, ,the
nominee for Mayor, has shown his' dissatisfaction and delivered
tfce' hottest ultimatum to the campaign managers of his party
that has been heard in political circles for many a day.
When Mr. AVells learned yesterday morning that Flint had
been left out in the cold he vowed that he would have something
to say before the day Was over. In the evening? he went to his
rooms in thc'Fleasanton and after dinner sent for Max Goldberg.
Max canxe quickly, and after discussing: the various phases of the
situation Mr. Wells rose from his chair and began pacing the
floor. Then he started:
"Mr. Goldberg, you are aware that I asked that Sir. Flint be
nominated for Supervisor on that ticket?"
"I am well aware of it," said Max, "but I couldn't help the
action of the convention."
/ "Then I want to tell yon now that unless a place Is made on
the ticket for Mr. Flint I sliall withdraw from the contest. I care
not whom you may drop, but I insist that some one shall be drop
ped. Flint goes on or I go off."
To say that Goldberg was stunned would be putting: it mild
ly. He reached for thephone and called up Herrln. The latter
told him to come tu his house at once. Goldberg left the Auditor,
jumped into a hack and started for the Herrin home. What hap
pened there is not known, but this morning a conference was
held at the Auditor's offfice at which Tom Itiordan and Max Gold
berg were present.
"Xow," said Mr. Wells, "before Saturday that ticket must be
changed. I don't care whom ypu decide to let out, but unless way
is made for Mr. Flint — at once— I shall withdraw for good."
Shortly afterward Auditor Wells made this statement to a. .
reporter of the Bulletin: "I -wish it understood that I am" not
finding fault with asrf gentleman who has been named on the
ticket. I believe, however, that, as the head of the ticuet, I have
some rights, and tlTcss i-igrhts I am determined to - preserve. • * • * ,
The leaders of the party agree -with the 'position I have taken,
and Mr. Herrin has so expressed himself. I don't know yet
whether the change will be made, but if It is not I shall certainly
retire not only from the contest, but from politics for all time
to come." »
Horace Davis was called upon by Presi
dent Newhall to speak on "Flour." Mr.
Davis traced briefly the growth of trade
in flour with Asiatic ports and spoke of
its enormous increase in the , v last ten
years, within which period the leading
millers of California have all established
permanent agencies in the Orient. He
said that if no duty were placed on flour
by the new tariff regulations, within ten
or twelve years the exportation of flour
to China would take all the surplus of
the wheat production of the State, leav
ing growers and grain merchants largely
Independent of the Liverpool market. The
farmers would, he asserted, reap much of
the benefit.
Isador Jacobs spoke for the fruit can
ning industry. He said that all the mar
kets of Europe, except that of England,
were closed by high tariffs against Cali
fornia canned goods. In the opening up
of Oriental trade California saw a ray of
hope, and If the Commissioner were suc
cessful in protecting the interests of that
industry there ought to be a vast in
crease in exportation of that class of mer
chandise. -
Hugh Craig spoke briefly for the lum
ber and shipping interests. He said all
this country asked was a fair field and no
f fiLvor
Resolutions of thanks to Commissioner
Sharretts for his interest in California in
dustries, introduced by R. G. Sneath.
were adopted. Members spent an hour in
conversation with the guest upon details
of trade with China. —
The reception followed a luncheon given
to Judge Sharretts at the Merchants' Club
by George A. Newhall. There were pres
ent at the luncheon: F. S. Sharretts,
George A., Newhall, J. P. Currier, E.
Scott, C. E. Bancroft. C. H. Bentley, Jo
seoh S. Si>ear, Alfred J. Marcus, E. N.
Bee, "William H. Bunker, George W. Me-
Near, Fred S. Stratton, A. A. Watkins,
F. L. Symmes, Horace. Davis and E. W.
Newhall. -^ -
After concluding my labors on the commis
sion of the Chinese tariff to a specific basis I
have been notified by.the President and State
Department that I will probably be called
upon in conjunction with Minister Conger to
negotiate a new commercial treaty with China,
rn this connection I would be glad to receive
suggestions In the near future from merchants
in the United States regarding such changes
as in their opinion will prove beneficial.
In conclusion I wish to say that President
Roosevelt in a recent conversation I had with
him spoke of my mission to China as one of
momentous importance, especially as respect
ing the States west of the Rocky Mountains,
and he expressed an earnest desire that I
would faithfully protect your interests, and T
promise you, gentlemen, that I will carry out
his wishes and demand for you every privilege
enjoyed by citizens of other nations. I am
proud to stand in your midst to-day and have
you speed me on my way with words of friend
ship and esteem. I will feel far prouder when
I have finished my task to have ydu claBp me
by the hand and say, "Well done, good and
faithful servant, welcome home." Gentlemen,
I thank you for your courtesy.
Trade "With. China Discussed.
New Commercial Treaty.
Flour is entitled to free entry into China
under the terms of the protocol signed by the
allied powers and flour will be- on the free
list of the revised Chinese tariff when I have
concluded my labors. Canned fruits and jel
lies I am informed are the next most'import
ant articles exported from the Pacific Coast.
To the shippers I ask that you prepare and
forward to me at Shanghai the home value
per can of every description of this class of
merchandise, and I will then be in a position
to advocate a tariff thereon advantageous to
you, and I trust acceptable to the other pow
ers. To prospective exporters of every line of
American products I urge similar expeditious
action.
Freight rates based upon our geographical
position must be demanded and secured and
active agents to advertise and push your
wares be located in China. Adopt the same
business principles there that you have in
augurated at home, and the day is not far dis
tant when your exports to the Orient will be
enormous.
Whatever differences of opinion may exist
regarding territorial expansion, there can be
but one opinion that expansion of trade is es
sential to our future prosperity. To-day the
United States stands amone the nations of
the earth as a comsetitor for the trade and
commerce of the world and with an open door
and equal richts in China the products of our
mills and factories can and will be marketed
side by side with those of all Europe, and I
am empowered by the President to demand for
the merchants of our country the same rights
accorded to tradesmen of other nations, but
let me warn you, gentlemen, that however
successful my mission may be it must be sup
plemented by diligent efforts on your part to
secure and hold the trade opened to you by
diplomacy.
Trade Expansion Is Essential.
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Cham
ber of Commerce: When your distinguished
president and a delegation ot your leilow mem-
Ders requested me last evening to address to
you a lew. words to-day I consented lor the
purpose of explaining briefly the object of my
mission to China ana soliciting from you such
suggestions as would best assist me in pro
moting your interests.
This gathering: ot prominent residents of
your beautilul city warns me that my remarks
devoted to business details like an array of
figures will, I fear, prove dry and uninterest
ing to many of you. in extenuation i piead an
earnest desire to acquire inrormation which
will aid me in adding to your commercial
prosperity. This is my rtrst visit to San Fran-
Cisco and your hospitable greeting will insure
an abiding and pleasant recollection cf the
metropolis of the Far West. Chosen by Mr.
McKlnley before he was stricken down by the
assassin's bullet to represent the United States
as its commissioner to revise the Chinese tariff,
1 feel honored that President Roosevelt con
firmed that choice and called on me to fill
such an important post, but the responsibility
of the position outv/eighg all teelinKS of per
sonal Dride and makes me wish that a more
competent person had been selected to promote
the interests of our country in the Orient.
Unsolicited the honor came to me and I could
but obey the order of our chief executive with
the firm determination .to surrender none of
the rights to which our nation Is Justly en
titled.
The Chamber of Commerce gave a re
ception yesterday afternoon at 2:30
o'clock to the lion. T. S. Sharretts, the
recently appointed United States Com
missioner to China, who will sa'l this
morning for the Orient to look afier the
interests of the United States in the re
vision of the tariff, laws of China. The
most prominent merchants of San Fran
cisco gathered to n-.eet Mr. Sharretts and
to discuss with him. the interests of the
Pacific Coast in the Oriental trade.
President George A. Newhall introduced
the honored guest. Mr. .yharretts spoke
as follows: ' \u25a0
California Interests to Be
Cared For in Chinese [
Tariffs.
Merchants Give Recep
tion to Commissioner
Sharretts.
DUTY OF FLOUR
TO BE OPPOSED
APPOINTED LIEUTENANT
IN THE REGULAR ARMY
William Howard Tobin, at Present Captain
and Adjutant in the' First Infantry Regi
ment, N. G. C, Receives a Commission
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 23,' 1901.
No More .Speeches Without Permission of W. H. Cobb.
Joseph S.Tobin Is Making an Effective Campaign and
Winning the Favor of Voters— Schmitz Los ng Ground
WELLS' ADVISERS INTEND
TO PREVENT H IM TALKI NG
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEART DISEASE.
Some Facts Regarding the Rapid In-
crease of Heart Trouble.
Heart troubles, at least among the
Americans, are certainly increasing, and
while~this may be largely due to the ex-
cUement and worry of American business
lite.- it is more often the result of weak
stomachs, of poor digestion.
Keal organic disease is incurable, but
not one case In a hundred of heart trouble
is organic.
The close relation between heart trouble
and poor digestion is because both organs
are controlled by the same great nerves,
the Sympathetic and Pneumogastric.
In another way, also the h^art is af-
fected by, the form of poor digestion,
which causes gas and fermentation from
half digested food. There is a feeling of
oppression and heaviness in the chest
caused by pressure of the distended
stomach on the heart and lungs, interfer-
ing with their action, hence arises pal-
pitation and short breath.
Poor' digestion also poisons the blood,
making it thin and watery, which irri-
tates and weakens the heart.
The most sensible treatment , for heart
trouble is to improve the digestion and to
insure the prompt assimilation of food.
This can be done by the regular use
after meals of some safe, pleasant and ef-
fective digestive preparation, like Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, which may be found
at most drug stores, and which contain
valuable, harmless digestive elements in
a pleasant, convenient form.
It Is safe to say that the regular, per-
sistent use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
at meal time will cure any form of
stomach trouble except cancer of the
stomach. • >, „ \u25a0 .' . , . ,.
Full sized package of these tablets sold
bv druggists at 50 cents. Little book on
stomach troubles mailed free. Address F.
A. Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich.
DISORDERS £~\
—of— jK ' ffia'^gn
BY FAR THE GREAT- "%]/ V^^^/N^
er number of, patients JpT \ T<7 // <ST >
reeking relief for so-called «•\u25a0 \ SfA/l //
weakness are strong, \\ \Jl Jl^jJ.
robust men in every other - * .— , .
respect. Loss of Vitality, Prematureness, etc.,
are not weaknesses, but j the symptoms of in-
flammatory processes in the Pro»tate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too long
continued excitement. Under our local plan of
treatment, directed toward reducing the en-
larged and swollen Prostate, immediate re-
sults, as indicated by increased circulation and
renewed strength, are observed. Our colored
chart of the organs, which we send free on
application, is interesting to any one wishing
to study the anatomy of the male. \
DR. TALCOIT & C J. t 997 Market St.
0 o mi *j> "T> ~^fc "^fc"*3> ~t>» *ty8
J visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
*MUSEUHrOF ANATOMY*
A Qft 1051MASS2TST.t8t.6±67:l,S.r.Cil. k
\ C| The Largest Anatomical Musemn in the \
O World. Weaknesses or any contracted a
« fitSr SffJ *s=«e po»iUwely cared by the oldest \
© JtSF* tetf \ s P ccial ' ston the Coast. EsL 36 years. Q
A #§3ff $ OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ If » Consultation free and strictly private. \
t ' S itWf 3 Treatment personally or by letter. A M
\ 8 If SIR jPositivt Cure in every case undertaken. Y
ifi/ I ft Writefor Book. PHILOSOPHY of A
y • I 1 IU*RltUCn, MAILED FREE. (AT
X £ I , ' valuable book for men) \u25a0 \
9 mt. JORDAN & CO., 1051 Market StTs. F. "
>» . - .
AMUSEMEKTS. '
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
To-night and Every Evening This Week,
WALTER B. PERKINS,
One of America's Foremost Comedians, in
"THE MAN FROM MEXICO."
The Funniest of Funny Farces.
BY H. A. DU SOUCHET.
POPtTUAR PRICES 10c. 15c, 23c, 50c. 730
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Next Week-WALTER E. PERKINS IN "MY
FRIEND FROM INDIA/'
Evenings at 8 Sharp I >
MATINEE SATURDAY at 2 Sharp f
LAST TWO WEEKS OF GRAND OPERA.
To-night. Friday, Saturday.
"NOKMA."
With AVEDANO. tne Great Tenor.
Thursday, Sunday Nights and Saturday
Matinee.
Great Production of Puccini's
"LA BOHEME."
MONDAY. October 28th,
GRAND TESTIMONIAL TO DIRECTOR
STEINDORFF.
POPULAR PRICES— 23c. 6Cc, 73c.
Telephone Bush 9.
Every Night, including 1 Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAT.
STUART ROBSON
In the Greatest Production Ever Made of
Bronson Howard's Masterpiece,
"THE HENRIETTA"
MR. ROBSON AS BERTIE, THE LAMB.
An All-Star Cast, Including Many Favorite*.
ffLVH SAT R ff^AT
BELASCO & THALL Managers
LAST WEEK. »
ENJOY A MERRY EVENING WITH
THE GIRL
IN THE BARRACKS.
SHE'S A JOLLY GOOD FELLOW.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Seats on Sale Six Days in Advance.
PRICES 15c, 23c, 33c, 50c and 75c
NEXT-"TENNESSEE"S PARDNER."
CHUTES ANDJWO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
HARRY "HARMON,
In His Sensational High Dive.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— THE AMATEURS.
And a LADIES WOOD-SAWINO CONTEST.
Telephone for SeaU-Park &
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENINIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO U P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c
Bathing. Including admission. 25c: children. 20c.
I PALACE HOTEL?"
For. a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters oi
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
'\u25a0 to San Francisco. Guests enter*
• tained on the American or European
plan. . •
; GRAND HOTEL.
Weekly CaU,$1.00 per Year
posttjm: ceeeal.
COFFEE DID IT.
•ETauld Have Been Fatal if Kept Up.
"Coffee!! Oh, how I did want it after
thts nervous strain of public work.
Something warm to brace me up was
all the breakfast I craved, but every
time I drank it I suffered the dying
sensation that follows it with heart flut-
tering and throbbing of the throat and
ears.
"I had no strencth to throw away In
that way, so decided that hot water must
do for me.
•One morning I cams to breakfast In
th<5 homo of eome friends In Pueblo,
Colo., Just in time to Bee the mother
pouring some rich, deep yellow coffee
into mugs for the two little boys. One
UttSe chap, had thrust his fingers in the
mug and was Mcklng them with such ap-
proving smacks. This opened the way
for me to say, 'Are you not afraid of the
effects of coffee on the litUe folks?'
The mother explained that it was Postum
Fciod Coffee made at Battle Creek,
Mich., and remarked. 'We think there
is nothing like It.' Then she explained
hew the new coffee had weaned them
away from the use of the old-fashioned
coffee and tea because 'it is so whole-
some.' I drank it there for the first time
and was delighted, not only with the de-
licious flavor, but the after satisfaction it
gives. One day I was speaking with our
family physician's wife about Postum,
when her daughter remarked, 'Yes,
mamma, we are out of Postum, • and I
hi.ve used coffee for the last two morn-
ings and it always brings the tired feel-
ln.ff and troubles my stomach and bowels,
bit Postum makes mefeel all right.'
"In one home they served Postum In
such a way that it was tasteless. I have
found that Postum boiled sometimes five
m:.nutes, and r ometlmes ten, is nothing
more than spoiled water, but when it is
made with two heaping teaspoonsful for
each cup and boiled fifteen or twenty
minutes it becomes a tried a^d proven
breakfast faverite and /or refreshment
and wholesone nourishment * has no
e^LuaL"— M. M. Yatcs, Goshen, Ind.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(I Wonderful medicsne
S^JT^ g\ W^ {"^ I Dr. Halpruner-1 I
M U H 1 ft. have tried a good j
M a \ B Wk many remedies tor
0 fcl N W*& colds, but I have
H H m if never found any-
I B / thing that will knock
01 V 0 H V J out a col< * so Quickly
H W M k^ as your "Wonderful
m m Medicine. I< took a
severe cold last week
.,_. during the hot spell,
f\ Jf which annoyed me
f 1 II H I n> M 1 considerably, but I
B fl H I Ira Vk. was cured In less
0 II la 53^. than four hours 2ft-
Ef H | I B er taking Halpru-
IH H H H 0 ner's. If any one
B a B m 1 doubts that Halpru -
H J B I §1 I W W J ner'a -will cure colds
Jatmtti Smr send them over to
me.
• . . . \u25a0 TV. S. Berdick,
I What's the use or sense of . your St. fan
) going about snuffling and watering at I Franci$co. Cal.
the nose and eyes, with a cold in the October 16.
head, when you tan get rid of the cold aL I
at once if you will use Halpruner's
Wonderful Medicine? During September
Take a teaspoonful internally in a I took a very severe \1
glass of water or milk every hour, and gj 1^ j
also pour a few drops on your also had ateam
hands and then hold under the nose baths, without relief.
1 and inhale it. x went *>y sea to Ta *
M The inhalations will clear out your turn a 'i al gre < w "wonseT,
head at once — the internal dose will having the appear-
stop the cause, and before you know i jnce of consump-
/ it the cold is gone and you feel all me totaks Dr!
right. Halpruner's. "Won-
Some people may doubt this, but ' SL^vir^hoS"
that doesn't make a bit of difference. *•«\u25a0£ £Sf t £g£
Halpruner's has the right ingredients me in five days,
to cure colds quickly, and that's ex- Peter S°? a i^o S %i
actly what it does-no matter what Petaiuma, cai.
• any one says. . \u25a0
Another thing— don't let the drug-
gist talk you out of getting Halpru- Honolulu,
ner's-they will if they can. The dol- p/^lkSner-
lar size contains three times the quan- Dear Sir: Will you
tity of the small size^ — ask for it. please send me four
large bottles of your
/folpruneris E$m&
, TRIAL TREATMENT FREE, | gt%|g!
Dr. Halpruner -will give trial treatment -y V G Hall, Califor-
from 2 to 5 p. m. every day. except Sunday ni a street. Youri
and Saturday, at bis office. 28 California truly.
street. ' Mary E. Foster.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
I "THE SUPERIOR OF
1 THEM ALL"
H Everything thai tends to
H speed, comfort, pleasure and
H luxury unlimited. Reserve
y bertha for this famous train
H at 641 Ilarket street.
I IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
I THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE
SANTA FE
Gn nn a O*%. Rifles. Ammunition. Flsa-
9 1 K\ H Si" ins Tackle, Sporting. Out-
i S Ifti ing Goods. Largest Stock.
3 1 In .Xl'owest Prices. Send for
Uliy cat B a ffi 7 V* d BAMEa e co.
739 Market. - 511 Kearny
AMTTSEMENTS.
ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
NEW AND SURPRISING.
CHAS. A. BLANEY'S
BIG FARCE COMEDT COMPACT IN
A FEMALE DRUMMER,
THE BIG MUSICAL. FARCE.
INCLUDING CHARMING. LOVELY, CLEVER
JOHNSTON E BENNETT.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
Next "SPORTING LIFE"
SEATS TO-MORROW.
! .\
MATINEE TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY, OCT. 23.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren any part except reserved, 10c.
BEST VAUDEVILLE POSSIBLE!
Beaux and Belles, Mignonette Kokin,
Francis Le Page, John Geiger, Mon-
roe, Mack and I*awrence, I>e Cotir-
cy Brothers, Thomas Baker, Joe,
Myra and Buster Keaton, and the
Bio graph.
BElASCOABBTHAUSjfcrf^,
T^W jr? EVERY EVENING
T \u25a0— I r*s THIS WEEK.
* * \u25a0*\u25a0 * J - The Bis
' *m s\ ra% ro> f\ m T Melodramatic
COTTON HI
. . MILL
r7T . T /i _ SCENE "\u25a0
1/ i \l ST Sensation of th©
\u25ba i\ I I 1 1 fi MATINEE^'SATUR-
' JUlH-IVB. DAY and SUNDAY.
I DD rrc Evenings 10c, 13c, 23c, 35c, 50c
. fJi *••- Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
' NEXT WEEK— "The Sreat Northweat."
I FISCHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE,
'• f lOtnLIV O Admission IOc.
| GEISSLER - H1RSCHHORN TYROLEAN
TROUPE; Mid Thornhill: Geo. Jones: Maud
\ De Alma; Harry Holmes; Herr Huber; Elea-
nore Jenkins, and Hinrlchs' Orchestra.
| Reserved Seats, 23c. Matinee Sunday.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1901.
8
HELP WASTED — MALE — Con.
PLUMBER'S helper or boy wanted. 3271 Mis-
'slon st., this morning. • ~ \u25a0:•'.'.'
GOOD barber for Wednesday Saturday and
Sunday. 2197% Howard st.; good wages.
WANTED— A first-class dinner waiter at 304
Mason at. ; wages $3 50 a week.
SMALL errand boy $2 a week Call after 9
a. m., 354 Geary st.
BARBERS— Good 3-chalr shop for sale. Box
1337. Call office.
EXPERIENCED bollermakers wanted by the
RISDON IRON WORKS of San Francisco;
also blacksmiths, capable of working under
steam hammer, ship and machine torgings;
$3 50 a day and steady employment. Apply
at office of company, Beale and Howard sts.,
San Francisco.
10CO MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mininz Co.,
near Weaverville, Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work: steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 2G Montgomery st., room 23, San Fran-
clsco. Cal.
WANTED— Steady, sober German as driver for
baker wagon, on Western Addition route;
must have sufficient experience and refer-
ences; good wages: state former employment.
Box 1341. Call office.
WANTED— A steady, active man, with $100 for
a plain light business; will pay $G5 a month;
experience not required; steady place. Apply
1016 Market st.. room 10.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight week*
required; tools donated: positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED— A stronsr errand boy who known
the city well. Apply R. D. DAVIS & CO..
corner Geary st. and Grant ave.
BARBER shop for sale; good country town, nr
city; good reason, inquire 225^ Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work inside by
week. Rosenblum & Abraham, 1103 Market
TAILORS— First-class ladles' tailor wanted for
the country. Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO.
WANTED— Waltar for 2 hours every night and
all day Sundays. Ill Larkin st.
WANTED— Good general blacksmith. Apply
to J. O'SHEA, Seventeenth and Vermont sts.
WANTED — Sober, reliable young man with
some cash; $80 month; no experience neces-
sary: close Sundays. 1221 Market St.. r. 1.
WANTED— A blacksmith's helper on carriage*
and wagons. 1507 California st.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; good wages for
sober, steady man; come early. 2140 Fillmor*.
BOY for stable work and milk wagon. 423
Connecticut st; Elghth-st. cars.
NON-UNION horseshoer. 203 Front st.
BARBER shop: near-by town; well populated;
doing good business; can be bought at low
price. STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Cook at Manhattan House. 823
Battery st.
FITTERS for architectural Iron work. Iron
stairs, etc.; also strong, intelligent boys, IS
to 20. to learn machinist trade. 505 Mission.
WANTED — Iron molders and machinists, at
S05 Mission st.
ELDERLY man who understands nursery
work and. florist business. Call 500 Haight.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogua
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Phelaa
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. It.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near MjirT
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms; Ires
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. - #
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103t»
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Flllmore at.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
DO not fail to attend the soecial auction sals
Wednesday. October 22, at 11 a. m.. at tha
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
A HUNDRED hpad of well broke Gert-ian
army horses, suitable for all businew pur-
poses, just arrived. JOHN H. HALTON. at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard. 1732 Market ?t
ONE 1-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon,
one gurney; all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 4V Eighth st.
AT once, piano delivery wagon In exchange tor
piano. 217 Geary st
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hands; sound, gentle. E. S.. V Howard st.
A BARGAIN in gcod carriage, saddle, business
and road hcrse.«. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. eve.
3 DOUBLE teams for sale. Apply D. RING,
1942 Union st
CHEAP — New panel body delivery. 1 laundry, 1
baker's, 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 823 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EQAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. S. F. Vet.
Col.. 510 G. G. avq.. Dr. E. J. Cra«ly. dean.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at ST.
ELMO HOSPITAL. 230 Douglass St.. S. F.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send* for dr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LOST AND FOUND. ,
LOST — October 22. a solitaire diamond ring be-
tween Twentieth and Mission and Nineteenth
and Lapidge sts. A very liberal reward If re-
turned to 2-J32 Mission st.
LOST — Handbag, sealskin, keys Inside; la
neighborhood of Union Square; finder reward-
ed. MRS. CHESTER, Langham Hotel.
LOST— Eyeglasses In case, Sunday, between St
Paul's Church, California st. and 3345 Clay
st. Return to above address: reward.
LOST— Blue silk garter, with gold clasp, set
with one diamond; suitable reward en return
to FORTESCUE. 300 Front st.
LOST— Grocery book with name of H. Clyne on \u25a0
Inside page. Return 413 Tenth ave.
THE boys that took puppy from porch of 1221
Market st. return and receive reward.
LOST— On Friday, October IS. 1901. a turquoise.
surrounded by diamonds, in the form of a
brooch. Suitable reward- at 2125 Jackson st.
LOST— Gold nose glasses and chain; reward.
627 Guerrero st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new -watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell at.;
tel. Bush 421.
Upholstery and mattress work done in houses
by the day or Job. P. JOLY. 257 Stevenson st
j MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR G.
W. O'DONNELL, 101S Market at., opp. Fifth.
A — Mrs. Sweet, graduate Royal University, Ber-
lin; 25 years' experience in midwifery cases;
utmost confidence can be placed in her; takes
& treats ladles before & during confinement;
best care, attention: confinement $15; board $4
week: infants adopted. 3S27 ISth st. : Mission-
st. cars; consultation free: phone Capp 2S03.
MRS. D. WYETH and Mrs. Kohl, reliable
ladies' specialista for female complaints; in-
stant relief guaranteed: 30 years' experience-
private home before and during confinement!
410 O'Farrell St.. near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
HINDOOHERB AND MR& DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; homa \u25a0
in confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable la-
dies" specialist: a prlv. home before and dur-
ing confinement: best medical care; low fees.
THE original MRS. DA VIES Is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; offlcd
hours 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent ladies' spe-
cialist, has returned from Europe: most mod-
ern method.*; 25 years' experience in S. F *
guarantees to cure all female trouble; mater-
nlty hospital; fee low. 9C6 Market st, opp. 4th.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st.. oddJ
Unloa sqv-ire; all diseases ctred by herb»l
SPIRI^ALmi-^ja^iimjd.^^^^^^
MRS.~J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'FarreU st ; Ellis car.
PROF. Gee, 10S Cth-Readings 50c. and $1; clr.
every night ex. Sun., 10c; tel. Howard 1125.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C J.
Meyer: sittings daily: test to all to-night. 10c.
_^_ CLAIRYOYAXTS.
mme. m. Bernard]
the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail: send stamp .for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday. .
PRINCESS ISHMAEL of the tribe of Alohobar,
Bedouins, from Horan, near Damascus; life
readings through esoteric astronomy without
questions; limited engagement in this city;
hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. . 1008% Market St..
room 1, second floor. ' ' -
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall! permanently
located at 125 Turk St.; readings by mail.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. V
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies oOo.
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSEN, card reader and palmist, tells
past, present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth, r. 14.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st, nr. 4th.
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 313 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
i truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448'j Jessie ?:.. bet. Sth and 6th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life" fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CAKPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
MODERN Co.: steam cleaning, 3c: laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS.
| PARRY. 1511^ Market St.: phone Mint 1095.
I AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c; renovated; relaid. 105 14th st.;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices j
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
! CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, G. H.
I STEVENS. Mgr.. 3S-40 Sth St. ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, Ingrown nails: painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny st. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
j less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85. 916 Market. Advice free: tel. Red 5211.
cottages "E***£zE;
A MODERN cottage, furnished, 30 minutes
from city; 6 rooms, bath, fruit trees, piano,
chickens. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
DEXTISTS. /
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 927 MaTket~streetT
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
I for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns, $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
EOc; plates. $5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AMALGAM fillings, $1; silver fillings, EOc; gold
or porcelain crowns, $5; set of teeth, $7;
teeth extracted painlessly. New York Den-
tists, 969 Mission st, SE. cor. Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DR. R. L. WALSH, 815% Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plate's $5 up; Phone Polk 1125.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
PACIFIC Detective Agency, room 610, Exam-
iner building; telephone John 381; reliable
work and efficient service guaranteed.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and- knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIOXAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. K. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— The Official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER -
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory ,
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIB'ORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates,
i new CO-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin St..
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bids.: individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING^-Civll, elec.mlnlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st. \u25a0
Acting & elocution — Eve. classes, special rates;
monthly payments. Leo Cooper. 811 Geary st.
ENGLISH, Latin, Mathematics. Literature a
\u25a0 specialty. MISS ROULSTON.-776 O'Farrell st.
SPANISH. French, etc. Prof. DeFilippe'sAcademy
ofLanguages,320Post; estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c: piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
• pared for the stage. 125 Mason st. .
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night clasB. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F.;
: founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr; 6th.
TO LET— Contlnned.
FOUR rooms and bath; upper flat. 15 Perry
street.
FIFTEENTH, 1898, corner Dolores— Sunny " bay-
window flat, 7 rooms and bath.
MODERN upper sunny flat,' 7 rooms, bath;
\u25a0 first-class order. 105 South Park.
3 ROOMS; also range for sale. 20 Harrison
ave., off Folsom st. bet. 7th and 8th; $10.
$8— FLAT of 3 rooms and yard on Linden ave.:
water and ashman free. \u25a0\u25a0 Key at 524 Fell St.
$22 50— MODERN bay-window flat. 7 rooms and
bath. 15B Henry st. near Market and 15th.
FRAMES AXD PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 128^]5o~Hayes^ nr. V. Ne»»
— Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Seary's Credit House, 1423 Mission, nr. 10th.
FOR Sale— Contents of newly furnished house;
party going East. Call 1205 Chestnut st. Ala-
meda; no dealers.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co., 128 & 132 Ellis.
FOR sale— Furniture of 5 rooms. Call from 12
to 5, 353 Fourth St.; no dealers.
FURNITURE WANTED. |
CAL. Auction Co., 759 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Black 5491.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
WE are selling through our coupon system 4
pairs of ladies' gloves or 3 pairs of gents'
gloves, each set valued at $5, for 25c: In order
to introduce the system all over the U. S.
we offer to send free of charge one of our
coupon books, value $1 25. to the first reply
from this ad In every city and town in the
U. S. ALEXANDER & CO., Glove Manu-
facturers, 40 Beach St.. Boston. Mass-.
D/& F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WAXTED-— FEMALE.
AtTc." R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 183
\u25a0 HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook. 18 men, short distance $40
2 waitresses, Arizona, fare paid $25
Waitress, plain place, short distance $23
Cook, north, see party here ...$35
Chambermaid, city $17 50
Waitresses, cooks, chambermaids to wait....
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
First-class place for first-class cook, , coun-
try. $30; cooks, houseglrls, second girls, nurse-
girls, best of wages. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone'Maln 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
4 waitresses, city, $20; 8 waitresses, first-class
country hotels, $20 and . $25; waitress for
helps' hall, first-class hotel, $25; chamber-
maid, $7, sleep home.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, second girls, house girls, best wages;
houso girl, country, $20, fare paid, see party
here. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary.
EXPERIENCED chocolate dipper for retail
candy store. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
Geary st.
MISS HORGAN 323 Sutter st.
Cook for club $30
Cook, small boarding-house, $25 to $30; house
girl, Oakland, $25; nurse and chambermaid.
'$25; house girl, country. $25; waitress and
chambermaid, country, £20; 20 young girls, $20.
YOUNG girl for labeling and office work in
wholesale house, $4 to $6 a week; chamber-
maid and waitress, country hotel, $20. W.
D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st
MACHINE operators at LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.'S overall factory, 32Vi Fremont st. ; good
wages; no experience necessary; steady work.
Apply MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Infant's nurse; middle-aged wom-
an of experience; must have unexceptional
references. Apply Hotel St. Nicholas office,
9 to 12 a. m. t
WANTED— Girls for laboratory work: age 16
to 20 years; must furnish good references.
Call 10 a. m. Wednesday, Oct. 23, at office of
Clinton E. Worden & Co., 214 Townsend st.
WANTED— Good girls for general housework.
Apply at Boys' Retreat, Employment Bureau,
407 Eighth St., Oakland, Cal.; hours 2 to
10 p. m. ' •
YOUNG ladies (5) and young gentlemen (5) to
organize gymnasium . (and skating rink) club;
$10 a week allowed after club 1b established.
Full particulars at 516 Commercial st.
A RESPECTABLE girl for second work and
plain sewing; references required. Apply 1286
O'Farrell st. from 9 to 12 o'clock.
WANTED— A girl to assist with baby. Apply
between 9 and 12, 156 Central ave., between
Page and Haight sts.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole makers and finish-
ers on custom coats. Apply 1170 Market st,
room 101.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply 10
I Pratt olace. between Stockton and Powell,
off California.
WOMAN over 30 to act as traveling manager, -
excellent opportunity to right party. Box
1344, Call.
WANTED— A competent girl to assist in
housework and cooking. Apply at Bee Hive
Shoe Co., 717 Market st.
WANTED— A girl to assist with light house-
work and care of two children. Call 2124
Buchanan st.
A STENOGRAPHER: permanent position.
Hoover University of Physical Culture, 1327
Market st.
WANTED— Girl for plain housework. 2S0S
Twenty- fourth st., near Bryant.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; waged
$25. Apply 2904 California st.
YOUNG girl assist in light housework, $5 a
month. 563 Mission St.; sleep home.
GIRL to assist In housework. 791 McAllister
St., near Octavla.
WANTED— An apprentice girl at ladles' tallor-'
lng. 524 Post st. \u25a0
WOMAN to wash napkins and wait at table.
612 Kearny st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. In-
quire 1 Broderick st. corner Waller.
GIRL, not under 16 for light housework. 108
Collingwood st., near Eighteenth.,
GIRLS wanted for high-class factory work. 696
Battery st.
WANTED— At 715 Valencia st, a lady for
tailor shop to work on coats or pants, j
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this ' evening.
WANTED— Experienced tobacco strippers. Ap-
ply 10 to 12 a. m.. Jacob Brandt. 413 Battery.
WANTED— Experienced alteration hand. Call
1 at 107 Post st. store.
WILLING person; good steady home; $10 mo.;
short dla. country; gen, hsewk. Box 1333. Call.
2 LUNCH waiters wanted. Powell and Beach
streets. -
GERMAN girl for general housework; two In
Call from 10-12 a. m.. 2373 Jackson.
WANTED— Girl to wait In a small restaurant:
I experience not necessary. 1727 Market st.
ELDERLY German lady to help with house-
work; good home. 1317 Caroline St., Alameda.
FTRST-CLASS waitress for private boarding-
house; reference required. 1414 California st
WANTED— Reliable woman as attendant and
seamstress In small family. 2302 Clay st.
WANTED — A first-class saleslady; references.
Call bet. 7 and 9 p. m., 206 Hickory ave.
EXPERIENCED hands on corsets. MME.
WALTER, 503 Powell st. • \u25a0 ..
WANTED— Girl for. general housework; 8 In
family; must be good cook. . 1188 Ellis st
OPERATORS on children's coats; good wages.
, 656 Mission St.. fourth floor.
FINISHERS on coats; also girl to learn; call
' after 9 a. m. S54 Geary st.
WANTED — Experienced operators on women's
wrappers and waists; steady work; electric
power; good pay. MARKS BROS., 1212 Mar-
ket st. - ' • .
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for Instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
\u25a0 and Grove sts.
HAIRDRESSING taught in 2 weeks; manicur-
ing & facial massage Included; course $5;. po-
sitions positively guaranteed; 4 good positions
waiting. S. F. College, 233 Geary st, room 13.
WANTED— Experienced operator on buttonhole
machine; also operator on women's waists
and wrappers. MARKS BROS.. 1212-1214
Market st. . . • . \u25a0> . . • f
WANTED— By mercantile house, first-class
stenographer and typewriter; must be quick
and accurate; state experience. Box 1295, Call.
A. YOUNG German girl for help In cooking and
' general housework ; - three in family. 823
. Fillmore (lower flat), forenoons.
help WAyrwn — fk m a i.k — row.
WANTED— Two neat girls; one for downstair*
work, must be good cook; the other for
second work and serving. Call 1180 O'FarreU
WOMAN to cook in camn. South San Fran-
cisco; steady work; near school. Apply 213
California st
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts;
steady work; best prices. LOWENBERG &
CO.. 27 Jessie st.. 5th floor.
GOOD finishers on ladles' tailor coats* A.
CAILLEAU. 114 Kearny st.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework; wages
$12. Apply to 2117 Pierce st.
WANTED— A young girl to assist with care of
two children. 1314 Masonic ave. /
"WANTED— First-class skirt hands at SCHIM-
MEL & STOVER'S. 408 Sutter st.
' WANTED— First-class finishers on pants; 75c
pair; steady work. 211 Tehama St., upstairs.
A YOUNG girl for general housework; need
• not cook. 1831 Eddy st.
WANTED— Immediately, a wetnurse. 906 Guer-
rero st. \-
A REFINED woman, willing to apply herself
steadily, can procure permanent position with
business house. Box 1281. Call office.
WANTED— Young lady bill clerk and assistant
In office; experience required. iBox 1121. Call.
WANTED— Girl to do light housework and
mind child. Apply 2237 Polk st. '
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st. ,
PROTESTANT girl: light housework; small
washing; wages $15. Apply 432 Fair Oaks st.
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and cloak
hands. Apply 1200 Geary st.
WANTED-Women for light work on Iruit.
1731 Folsom St.
HELP WANTED — 3IALE.
A— MTJR^Ay^&^READYV..^^Phone Maln"584?
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT— 7 a. m. TO-DAY
FREE UKIAH FREE
C. N. W. R. R.
SANTA FE R. R.
UKIAH
60 teamsters. Uklah free fare
50 laborers. Uklah free fare
E0 steel and ballast men, Uklah free faro
SANTA FE CO.'S OWN WORK
Carload of laborers- no experience required;
on all divisions of Santa Fe R. R.
$175 day SHIP TO-DAY
FREE FREE FREE
MECHANICAL HELP
2 bricklayers for a company, country, $5 day
Blacksmith, country shop $46 and found
2 ranch carpenters $40 and found
Blacksmith, drayage company, city... $3 day
Horseshoer, drayage company, city... $3 day
Carpenters, mining company $75
Boilermaker, mining company $3 60 day
Bench hand, country ...'. $3 day
Furnace man. blacksmith helper; ranch;
hoisting and stationary engineer
MISCELLANEOUS
5 laborers to clear land, Napa Co.. $30 & ti
2 rockmen, San Mateo County $60
10 muckers, mining company $75
Band saw flier, sawmill company $100
Dogger, sawmill company $40 and found
10 two and 4 horse teamsters.. $2 and $2 25 day
Horse clipper 3 stablemen
15 farm and ranch hands $26 and $30
Shingle packer and sawyer, sawmill com-
pany $65 and found
5 laborers, city factory $1 73 day
2 chore boys, ranches see boss here
Married slaughterhouse butcher country
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...."
Assistant nurse. Institution $25
Second cook, hotel, Nevada $45
Night cook, city $35
Boy for country store $10
Laundry man, country hotel $35
Marker, laundry, city $35 and found
Butcher, drive wagon, married; sausage
maker, country shop; young man to drive
butcher wagon
12 cooks, different places.. $50. $45, $40 and $33
14 waiters $30; 3 waiters, same hotel, south,
see boss here; 14 kitchen hands, dishwash-
ers, etc
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay at.
COOK and wife, country hotel, $70; 2 cooks,
country hotel, $50 and $40; boarding-house j
cooks, $35 and $40; hotel and restaurant wait- ;
ers, porters, pantrymen, dishwashers and
othere. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
MAN and wife, small private family, $33; farm-
er and wife, $40; man about place, $30; milker.
. $30; stableman, $12 50 week; buggy washer,
$55; man for milk depot; 4 carpenters, $3 50
day; carpenters' helpers, $2 25 day; screw
turner for mill, $45; woodworker. $45 to $50;
blacksmith helper. $1 50 day and found; labor-
ers, teamsters and others. J. F. CROSETT
6 CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third st, nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD WORK RAILROAD WORK
FREE FARE FREE FARE
FOR UKIAH
FOR C. N. W. RY
20 tracklayers $2 a day
10 laborers for steel gang.« $2 a day
60 teamsters and laborers $2 a day
FOR SANTA FE R. R
60 men to ballast track $1 75 per day
3 carpenters, country, $3 50 per day, half
fare advanced
Teamster for Arizona... $S0 to $90 per month
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay St.—
Clerk for country store, $60; German driver
for wine house; driver for milk wagon, $60;
German beer drawer. $40; marker for leun-
dry. $35 and board; ranch boy,- near city. $15;
10 scraper teamsters, $2 25 a day; 10 labor-
ers for ditch, $2 25 a day.
ANDRE'S OFFICE. :\...316 Stockton st.
"Washer, lroner and marker for steam laun-
dry, country. $110; broiler, $60; cook, plain
hotel. $35; two waiters, country, $30; waiter,
oyster house, $33; good milker (about 10 cows)
for private place, $30; stable boy for riding
school, $6 a week. etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Marker, country laundry, $2 50 per day; por-
ter, 520.
A BOY about 15 years old, for store work; $3
week and Increase. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
335 Geary St.
BARBERS, Attention— The State Board of
' Barber Examiners meet dally from 9 until 4
p. m. at Emma Spreckels building, 927 Market
St.. room 204. P. W. DRAKE, secretary.
WANTED— Nov. 1, for law office, stenographer
and typist, 16 to 18, who desires to study law.
Address P. O. box 237, Merced, Cal., In his
handwriting.
WANTED— Bright boy who resides with his
parents to run passenger elevator In a whole-
sale house. Address box 1343, Call office, and
state age and references.
COFFEE and spice manufacturer for abroad.
. Competent man understanding the manufact-
ure of above address, giving fullest informa-
tion and references, box 1300, Call office.
WANTED— For the country, a cutter who is
also a coat maker, and also a pants and vest
maker. Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
COAT, vest and rants makers wanted: apply
H a. m., Stevenson st entrance. CHARLES
LYONS. London Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOUNG man to take care of horses and drive
light wagon. BURGIS & WEISS, 1518 Ken-
' tucky st. •>>. \u25a0
WANTED— Strong boy In wholesale house; at-
tend to errands and make himself generally
useful: references. Call 539 Market st.
WANTED— Young man, some exoerlence In
painting and paperhanging; one that Is will-
ing to work. 823% Jackson st
WANTED— A good, strong boy to work in sec-
ond hand furniture store. Apply 1324 Stock-
ton st.
EDITOR-REPORTER, capable of up-to-date
ad-writing; wide awake; interior dally. Box
1757. Call office. • .
•WANTED— Cash boys, at RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED— Cooks, dishwashers, corters; also
experienced waiters; no fee. 127 Mason st.
BOY wanted In tailor store. 106 Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS stitcher en ladles' tailor suits.
A. KAHN. 142 Geary ct.
2 LUNCH waiters wanted. Powell and Beach
streets.
TINSMITHS wanted. American Can Company
61S Battery st.
CASH hoys wanted. S. N. WOOD & CO 71S
Market at. ' .
EXPERIENCED waiter for bakery and coffee
saloon. 612 Kearny st.
WANTED— Bright errand boy about 15 years
DANZIGER. 237 Powell St. *
A GOOD tailor wanted for bushellng 827
Sutter st. i \
WANTED— Bedmaker at 989 Howard st.
WANTED — Underpresser on vests. 230% Ninth
street.
EXPERIENCED dry goods salesman. LIPP-
MAN BROS.. 495 Hayes st.
COMPOSITOR wanted. PATTERSON, 423
Montgomery st.
PAINTER and paperhanger, $23 and found.
Ahlborn House. 321 Grant ave.
WANTED— Young man to assist In dlning-
room. Central Hotel. 530 Third st.
WANTED— Man who can make tintypes. 342
Kearny st. \u25a0. • ' . . - •
WANTED— A waiter at 211 Grant ave
BARBER wanted. 605 Mission st
WANTED— A good restaurant waiter. Cor.
- Turk and Fillmore sts.
WANTED — Coat maker to work In shoo. H S
JACOBS. 109 Fourth st - ~7 : \ -s - \
E3IPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help- of all kinds;
i cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds of
help furnished. 439 Bush st. ; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment 6f-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5183.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — FEMALE.
WANTED— A situation to dcTcooking In a pri-
vate family; ha« 4 years' reference; country or
-city; no mail ajiswered. Call 1193 Oak St..
near Broderick.
WANTED— By a good American girl, house-
work by the day; is thoroughly honest and
trustworthy; $1 60 per day. Call or address
1061 Howard St.. room 2.
AN American lady wishes situation for light
housework, plain cooking, in a small family]
small wages; no postals answered. Call 815
Jessie St., near Ninth.
STRONG, good, willing woman; a great house-
cleaner and ca.n do most any kind of work;
good references; wages $1 per day and car
fare; good washer of flannels. 233 Third, r. 6.
DRESSMAKER, thoroughly competent, perfect
fitter, designer and trimmer; costumes re-
modeled, latest styles; $1 50 per day In fam-
ilies. Address J. P., Box 1310, Call office.
COMPETENT woman; is good cook; do some
washing; short distance in- country; likes
children; good ref. 746 Mission st.
ELDERLY American woman wishes position;
general housework; good plain cook; moder-
ate wages. 1239 Market St., near Ninth.
RELIABLE woman wishes position to do gen-
eral housework; is a good cook; city or coun-
try. Address 10 Stockton piace, off Grant ave.
RELIABLE woman wants situation as cook
and downstairs work; wages $25. Address
MRS. N. M. T., 640 Chestnut st.
SITUATION' wanted by young Scandinavian
girl for general housework; understands some
English. 208^ Eleventh st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady as chambermaid and
seamstress and care of children. Address 118
Wlldey ave.
A COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to
do general housework and cooking; wages
$25 a month. R. M.. Box 1349, Call office.
GIRL would like a situation doing upstairs
work. Call or* address 407% Harrison st.
WANTED— Work by chambermaid and stay
home nights. Add. Mrs. S. T., box 1336. Call.
A LADY would like a position as housekeeper.
141 Fifth et.
EXPERIENCED nurse would like position In
sanitarium, doctor's office or would care for
j invalid lady; references. Address C. M.. 1926
\u25a0 Market st.
AN elderly German lady wants a position in
a family to help houseworking and cooking;
looks more for good home than high wages.
Inquire 918 Buchanan st. y
LADY wishes position as housekeeper or' taking
care of rooming-house. Address 203 Bartlett
St.. near Twenty-third, rear.
A RESPECTABLE woman would like work by
the day washing or cleaning ; terms moder-
ate. Call at 337 Jessie st. bet. 4th and Sth.
WOMAN wants situation to do general house-
work; good cook. 204 Van Ness ave.
DRESSMAKER desires sewing by the day.
' -. Apply at 259 Seventh st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25o to $150 per night; $150 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been establish*.! at 1096
Valencia Bt.
_JEMPLOYMEXT AVAXTED — MALE.
AN American, 30 years of age, who neither
drinks nor gambles, would llKe a single or
double team to drive, or any kind of respec-
table employment until first of April; well
acquainted with city; salary no object. Box
1351. Call office.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thor-
oughly; references. Box 4502, Call office. '
A STRONG reliable young man with sev-
eral years' experience in liquor work wants
position in any capacity in liquor or wine
house; can do barrel repairing; good refer-
ences. Box 1113, Call office. .
WANTED— Situation in private residence by
Japanese man and wife; just came from
1 Japan; cannot speak English, but very faith-
ful and good servants; wages small. Address
'260H Brannan at.
WANTED— Situation as janitor or porter; se-
curity if necessary; Al references; 4 years at
once place. Address R. N. MICHEAL, 451%
Jessie st.
ENGINEER well up in the Ice machine busi-
ness, electric light and power, with 26 years'
experience, wants position ', Al references.
Address box 1228. Call office.
TO Merchant Tailors — A practical cutter and
tailor open for engagement; can take care
of store or work rooms; 15 years' experience.
Address box 1345. Call office.
EXPERIENCED grocery, clerk wants a posi-
tion; understands liquor business well; city
or country- has the best references. Address
box 1369, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position taking care of
horses, garden; good driver; can milk; handy
with tools. Box 1319, Call office. \u25a0
RESPECTABLE man, experienced in shipping
and lumber business, wants employment of
any kind. H. G.. box 1332. Call office.
WANTED — Work by strong young man. strictly
sober, at anything; good penman. Box 1290,
Call office.
WANTED— Position as watchman; an experi-
enced man, young, with good references. Ad-
dress Box 1368. Call office.
BOY of 17 wishes to learn the printing trade.
Box 1347. Call office.
YOUNG gentleman wishes position with whole-
sale house as traveling salesman; can furnish
good references; paints and oils business pre-
ferred. Box 1292, Call.
ANY kind of occupation, from 12:30 to 4:30
daily, wanted by reliable man, aged 40, ex-
perienced with office and store work. Box
1296, Call office.
YOUNG Englishman, 24, very willing, respect-
able and of good habits, wishes employment
of any description. Address J. E. H., box
1338. Call office. «
YOUNG man. 23 years, desires position as col-
lector or anything where there is a chance
for advancement Call or address 211^4 Bart-
lett st. .
EDUCATED Dutchman, speaking Spanish,
German and English, wants position; city or
country; 6% years' references. L. VAN
GELDER, 443 Eddy st.
A WELL educated young man, 25, will work
day and evening for board, lodging and $20;
must have 3 hours a week for lessons; refer-
ences. Box 1322, Call office.
MAN with wife and 2 children from the East
would like to find employment for himself
on a ranch; also for his wife at same plnce.
Address A. E. CRAIG. Monticello. Cal. \u25a0
ENGINEER well up in the Ice machine busi-
ness, electric light and power, with 26 years'
experience, wants position; Al references.
Address box 1238, Call office. .
EXPERIENCED butcher and sausagemaker
would like position in country shop. Box
1339, Call office. : •
WANTED— By an experienced baker, a place
as \u25a0 foreman in the country. Address Baker,
box 1323. Call office.
MAN familiar with the' city wants to drive
and care for one or two horses. Box 1293,
Call office. . • • \u25a0
BUTLER or valet, English; excellent refer-
ences from last employers. New York. NEW-
BROOK, The Oaks, Third st
YOUNG German wishes position as all-round
man; can take care of horses or as porter.
Addres3 38 Ellis st., cigar store. ... . \u25a0
WANTED— By a young man attending school,
a place to work for his board. . Box 1291, Call.
WANTED by a. young man— A place to work
and attend school. E. C. B., box 1267, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ..
FINANCIAL.- .
C^MTA^nss^prwn^tedTand" mSncedT~stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
. AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st. .
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and' bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. G07-S-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
NEW upper 10-room flat; bay window In every
room; .fine view; elegant grounds;, northwest
corner Portola st and Duboce Park, off Wal-
ler. bet. Pierce and Steiner., .
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat of 6 rooms and
bath., yard, basement; reasonable to good
tenant.
ELEGANT new modern- flat, 6- rooms. 726
Shrader . et., one . block \u25a0 from Golden Gate
Park.
nisixKss rti^y.^^r_' : ?J!^^5'^- l J--^
$2250— GROCERY, postofflce, laundry, 3 news-
paper agencies, public telephone; last year's
receipts $15,000; out of city; rent $15; this
place must be seen; a bargain. DECK &
CO.. 927 Market St., room 208.
$6500— MONEY-MAKING oil route; 1500 retail
customers and wholesalers; horses, wagons
and tanks. DECK & CO., S27 Market, r. 203.
J130C— GROCERY, coal and feed business; rent
$25; established 12 years; sell Inventory.
DECK & CO., 927 Market st, room 208.
$2200— SALOON; rent $130; business $30 per day.
DECK & CO.. 927 Market St.. room 208.
FOR SALE— A good saloon on Market st. ; on
account of death will be sold at a bargain; no
agents. Apply McLEOD & HATJE, 615 Mar-
ket st.
ROOMING and ' boarding-houses, hotels, fiats,
stores and business places of every description
sold and exchanged. McBRIDE & CO., 993
Market st. ; phone Folsom 450.
$3000 — SECOND mortgage on valuable real es-
tate for sale; one-third off; a snap. Box 1370,
Call office.
IF you wish to purchase or dispose of a busi-
ness see Brown & Odell. rms S and 9, 41 3rd.
BUSINESS Board Trade, 326 Pine st.
J3000 — FOR sale; good country hotel; well estab-
lished. Owner, box 1348. Call office.
"WANTED — Partner; office business; large re-
turns. Box 1366, Call office.
WANTED— Small restaurant or lunch counter;
must be cheap for cash. Box 1346; Call offloe.
LARGE paper route for sale; good Inducements
offered. Box 1265, -Call office.
SALOON for sale, opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East St., north of Market.
FOR SALE— The Call agency In Santa Cruz;
price $1200.
LIQUOR store: good family and bar trade; rea-
sonable; main street; fine location; owner
going north. Box 2342, Call office, Oakland.
5300 — RESTAURANT; chance to get bargain;
part down; good location. DONALD McRAE,
£37 Mission st
BARBER shop for sale; profits over $160
monthly; bargain. 803 Kearny st.
FOR sale— Locksmith and electrical shop; com-
plete outfit. 3070 Twenty-fourth st. \u25a0
IF you wish to sell or purchase a business see
FARSHMAN & GUSTE, 7S Third Bt.
WANTED— Partner in horseshoeing business.
40i Jackson st.
SALOON for sale on water front. Apply at
12 Jackson st.
FOR sale— Fruit etore with horEe and wagon,
cheap. 1249 Mission st \u25a0
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H C. DECKER'S OFFICE, 1020 Market st.
4S rooms; clears $200 $3200
8 rooms; on Howard 3C0
50 rooms; new; payments 3000
140-room hotel; clears $600 10,000
33 rooms; transient; clears $250 2000
: 8 rooms; on Mission .275
| 9 rooms; fine corner 325
24 rooms; the best 3000
; 12 rooms; large yard 1500
40 rooms; boarding 45CO
17 rooms; fine corner 1350
60 rooms; apartment house 4200
7-room fiat .on McAllister st 225
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard 350
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
8 rooms; 'flat; near City Hall 350
18 rooms; on Sixth st. ; clears $S0 800
24 rooms; on Market st. ; clears $150 1600
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO..
850 Market st Tel. Davis 281
15 rooms; fine location; new; clean 1500
16 rooms; full; everything good; snap 1600
20 rooms; elegantly furn.; a snap 2500
4? rooms; full; choice; bargain 4500
17 rooms; north of Market; snap 12#>
12 rooms; boarding; best location 1200
10 rooms; corner; on Geary st 850
11 rooms; corner; on Jones 1200
30 rooms; everything good; bargain 3251
10 rooms; light and sunny; cash $300 bOO
11 rooms; cheap rent; clears $35 50'J
16 rooms; a fine corner 1400
44 rooms; choice location; pays well 3000
18 rooms; close In; good business 1200
WE WILL MAKE LIBERAL LOANS ON
ANY OF THE ABOVE AT LOWEST
RATES.
AT once — Lady with few hundred dollars to
manage Al rooming-house with boarders.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market St.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
Any of the following on monthly payments:
13 rooms; fine furniture $1050
21 rooms; corner; part cash 1500
25 rooms; piano; clears $60; payments... 400
99 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5950
42 rooms; cost $12,000 to furnish 700C
6 rooms; corner flat; payments 360
9 rooms; $125 cash, bal. payments £><
40 rooms; always rented; sacrifice 12C0
10 rooms; O'Farrell; $150 cash, bal. pymts 750
CALL, AVE CAN SUIT YOU.
15 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
110 rooms; modern; hotel; clears $600. ...10,000
20 rooms; good location; meneymaker 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Market St., corner
Ellis, room 12.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., rms. 1, 2.
OFFICE NEAR THE CALL BUILDING.
He has been in this business 15 years.
He draws up the legal papers free of charge.
He has 4 salesmen — Business is booming.
Money to loan — payable monthly or yearly.
Call for his long free list of lodging-houses:
23 rooms; rent $30; corner; worklngmen..$500
14 rooms; Post st. ; rent $55; clears $63.... 800
7 rooms; Leavenworth St.; 2 floors; new. BOO
11 rooms; near Butter; Axmlnster carpets. 750
16 r. ; apartments; newly painted; rent $50. SoO
80 rooms ; rent $200 ; moneymaker 3600
40 rooms; central; clears $150 month 2600
18 rooms; sunny corner; 2 floors; rent $70.. 950
63 rooms; rent $150; fine location 4000
A. CAMERON & CO.. ~
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.,
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
Ee<« our list of bargains.
80 r., rent $425, boarders, elegant fur $8000
44 r., rent $120, inc. $300,. apart, house 3000
75 r., fent $175, full, good lnc 5500
24 r., rent $80, clear $75, trans., 3d st 1150
14 r., rent $G0, good furn., inc $105 1000
10 r., rent $45, clears $40, good fur., carp.. 600
8 r., rent $40; Brussels carp., housekpg 425
5 r.. rent $35, fine little flat 275
Flats. 2 to 14 roomtl, $150 to $1000
Private residences, 7 to 28, r., $250 to $3000.
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market St.; opp. Mason.
He can suit you in houses and prices.
OWNERS— To effect a quick and satisfactory
sale of your house send for or call on
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st. opp. Mason.
COMPLETE furnishings of 6 rooms; must be
sold; price $125; terms $50 cash, balance pay-
ments. Call to-day.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market St., opposite Mason.
NEW HOUSES JUST LISTED—
17 rooms; rent $50; clears $55; only $1000
19 rooms; rent $55; lease; part cash 1600
32 rooms; rent $100; elegant place 3150
35 rooms; must sell; make offer 1000
41 rooms; rent $S7; money-maker 2200
24 rooms; rent $55; part cash J000
27 rooms; business corner; cheap rent 180*
28 rooms; rent $50; clears $100 900
40 rooms; cheap rent; north of Market.... 3800
120 rooms: rent $110; profit* $1600 yearly... 3500
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market at. ,
HEALY & HENDERSON, "
6 Eddy st, 18-19.
We don't keep good houses. \u25a0
"We sell them. See these:
130 rooms; electric lights $15,000
7-room flat; McAllister st 250
9-room fiat; new; rent $45 750
10 rooms; G. G.; new 650
28 rooms; downtown; elegant 2,500
HEALY & HENDERSON.
6 Eddy st., 18 and 19; Phone James 2771
$900 — 14-ROOM house, a bargain; half cash,
balance to suit purchaser. McBRIDE &
CO.. 993 Market st
FOR Sale— At a great sacrifice a 100-roomed
house paying $150 per month; rent $65; price
$1500. 993 Market st. McBRIDE & CO. .
$1005—23 ROOMS; rent $65; $750 cash; clears $65.
DECK & CO., 927 Market Bt., room 208.
SEE this house: It Is a bargain: rent $40; $200
can remain; clears $50. DECK & CO., 927
Market St., room 208.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses,
hotels and business chances can be found at
the office of FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St.;
phone Folsom 1592.
A — NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices. In all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st
SPIRITUALISM. ~ J
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual 'medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; clr. Sun.,
Wed, and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium: spirits speak face to face; seance Tue
Fr.. Su.. 8 p. m., iiOc. 10S4 Bush; p. Larkin 2270.
Miss M.Wille,326A Ellis st, greatest of all crys-
tal seers; reads your life correctly; full names
given; fittings. 50c up; 3 questions by mall $1.
BROCK WAY'S psychic eeance, Sunday, Tues-
j day, Thursday, 8:15 p. m. ; 25c; readings daily.
299 Hyde. cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
MRS. LESTER, circle 8 p. m.. 10c; readings
50c and $1; 148 Sixth, r. 12; tel. Howard 1129.
HARMACHEIS. occult medium; circie3 Sun
Tue6.,Wed.,Fri.eve,».;rdss.daily. 332 O'Farrell.
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
uitil 32 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes rtreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister Etreet; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
S15 Larkin etreet; open ur.tll 9:30 p. m.
1341 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner .Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
I0S6 Valencia st; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Etreets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street; open ur.tll 9 p. m-
~~~ MEETING XOTICES.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodee No. 44. F^ \u25a0
and A. M.— Called meeting THIS
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 T^C
o'clock. First HEO FROLICH , Sec.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. \u25a0
M.— D. Sd THIS EVENING. Oct. 23. at -JV,
6:45 o'clock- By order of the W. M. J%J\
H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. /XT^
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 1£6, F. and A. •
M.— Third decree THIS EVENING. _#%_
Oct. 2C. at 7 o'clock sharp. sL3T
H. J. OWEN. Secretary- /^K>
MISSION Lodge No. 1C9, F. and A. M.— «
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) Ji
EVENING, at 7:39 o'clock. Third de- KjJf
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary. 'V'
HP ART AN Lodge No. 125. I. O. O.
F.. will have initiation THIS
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. Vis-
ltors welcome. 'V/llsr-
3. W. ROSE. N. G.
T. C. LEAVY. Sec.
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15, L O.
0. F.— Officers and members are
cordially Invited to attend an en-
tertainment and social to be given -'v//Bv sy
in Memorial Hall THURSDAY EVENING,
Oct. 24, 1501.
T. C. MARTIN. Noble Grand.
J. J. DE HAVEN, Recording Secretary.
NATIONAL UNION. Call-
forr.ia Council, meets -"^f^^in JF7" ' * tl
TO-NIGHT at Pioneer * "*6W
Hall, Fourth street, at
S o'clock (in its new hall). Visiting friends
cordially Jnvited. By order
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secrgtary.
VALLEY Lodge No. 33, A. O. U. W., .jrtyy,
instituted April 24, 1S78, meets THIS £«£%£
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at S tS^RS
o'clock, in Pioneer Hall, 24 Fourth MSS^
et. All members of the order are cordially
Invited to attend. F. W. HARRIS, M. W.
THOS. H. LORD. Recorder. \u25a0
OFFICERS and members of ,,
California Harbor No. 15. IB&^^^b-^^
American Association of j JfMsrS^SKB*"
Masters and Pilots, are \¥^Jg^*^^
hereby requested to attend W^^7
a special meeting of the »
Harbor on WEDNESDAY, Oct. 23. at 8 p. m.
Important business. By order.
R. N. PIPPEY. Secretary.
NOTICE to Stockholders of Honolulu Planta-
tion Company. — Notice is hereby given that in
pursuance of a resolution of the Board of Di-
rectors of the Honolulu Plantation Company,
duly adopted at a meeting of said board held
on the 22d day of October. A. D. 1901, a spe-
cial meeting of the stockholders of the Hono-
lulu Plantation Company will be held on
THURSDAY, the 26th day of December,
A. D. 1901, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m. of
that day. at the office of the corporation, No.
227 Market street, in the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, the same
being the principal place of business and the
office of said corporation and the building
where the Board of Directors usually meet,
for the purpose of considering and acting
upon a proposition to create a bonded indebt-
edness of said corporation to the amount of
one million two hundred and fifty thousand
<T1.250.COO) dollars, to the end and for the
purpose cf providing means and raising
moneys to pay the existing indebtedness of
said corporation and the indebtedness incurred
and to be incurred in the development of its
properties and the construction and comple-
tion of its works and improvements, the pur-
chase of machinery and the acquisition of
such other property a£ may be within the
, purposes and objects of said corporation.
H. W. THOMAS.
Secretary of Honolulu Plantation Company.
Dated San Francisco, October 22, 190L
ANNUAL meeting — The annual meeting of
stockholders of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 327 Market et.. In the City and County
cf San Francisco, State of California, on
WEDNESDAY. October 23, 1901, at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m. for the purpose of amend-
ing section 2 of article II of the by-laws and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. Transfer books
•will close on Saturday. October 12. 1901, at 12
o'clock noon. By order of the president
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
AGEXTS WAXTED.
AGENT to establish route among business
houses ; ?15 week; expenses allowed while es-
tabllEhing route. 516 Commercial st
ADOPTIOX.
MATERNITY Villa— Good homes for healthy In-
fants. Dr. Emille Funke,1416 Sth st, Alameda.
ASPHALTIM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re^
paired; postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsora 2477.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. ROUSSEAU, astrologlst; complete life
reading, 50c; by mail, 50c 1163 Market st
<' —
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
PREE advice— J. M. VERDENAL, attorney, 314
Montgomery Bt. — Divorces, private; fees low;
probating; bankruptcy; collections; suits;
titles perfected; documents drawn ; mortgages ;
property bought; money loaned; insurance 30c
on $100. P. B. TRAVERS. evenings, 418^ Poat.
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy ;col-
Uctlons attachments; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships ;deeds; wills drawn; fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON, 1008^ Mkt. r. 4. opp. 5th.
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty; quick I
<juiet; no charge without success; collections,
\u25a0wills, deeds, etc., prepared; charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE, 850 Market st.
ADVICE free; moderate fee if successful; office
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT. 927 Market.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. C27 Market Bt.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket gt. : consultation free : no fees In advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
GOOD tecond-hand bicycles for sale, 15 up;
«?nd for bargain list. LEAVITT & BILL, i
309 l^arkin st.
I1OARDIXG FOR CHILDREX.
LADY tilth email child would furnish good
norm! «r.d care for little boy or girl at reason-
able compensation. Address box 1320. Call.
GOOD home for small child, with motherly
care; object, company. Call or address 831
Thirty-fourth s>t, Oakland.
LADY would like child as schoolgirl to board;
best care; terms reasnable. 913 Dolores st.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children: low terms. 1607 California st i
BOOKS XBW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought Tel. Red 2938.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
BUREAU .^rcU*~rcS. ~
TRUNKS cf every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom, £26 Howard.
IllSIXESS CHAXCES.
JtOO — CORNER grocery and bar; living rooms;
cheap rent; best part of the Mission; see and
make an offer. U. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny.
A— SWOO-CORNER grocery and bar. doing~a
large cash business; splendid bar trade; rent
J25; sickneps of wife only cause of sale. See :
R. G. WILKE. 26'^ Kearny et.
A-J1K0-BAKERY and restaurant; established
for years; doing a first-class paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26'4 Kearny et
A— I1S00— BAKERY jn Western Addition; estab-
Ilshed 16 years; rent *45; 2 norses, 1 wagon;
more store trade; baking 3 barrels per day
Particulars R. «. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
h — JIuO — CORNER saloon on Mason St.; rent
$25; good business; must be sold at once; ;
owner accepted Government position. Call
R. G. Wil^KE. 26Vi Kearny st
K- 11000-COFFEE saloon and lunch room in
wholesale district; no rent; daily receipts
from ?:;:. to J40; help expenses only $5 per day.
C-all II G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. .
DELICACY and pork Etore. with I
iiving roorts; rent $14; business established
years and clearing above $100 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny st.
f.—tlOOO— LIQUOR Ftore on Market St.; estab-
JiFhed many years; doing a good paying bu&i-
ress; investigate and you will find a i-plendid
t)U;-iness offer. R. G. WILKE. 26'/s Kearny.
t—tr.0— COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Fourth St.. near Market; rent $30; piace does
a Rood paying: business. Call R. G. WILKE
26>,2 Kearny gt.
1-S750; BAKERY, drlicacy and lunchroom:
Urn class in every respect; stock: fixtures- 2
completely furnished kitchens; new and clean-
f-/)0 per month caph trade; established; living
. roorns ' rent free to November 10. 606 Geary.
I— BUSY cigar stand, netting $3 dairy sacri-
account dr-ath. Hedgf-s. 410 Parrott bldg.
FAIR dressing parlors; *ell located; partly
leaving. SALSBUKY. 459 Ninth st.. Oakland.THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1901.
9
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS. 330—2 small furnished housekeeping
rooms in rear; rent'<10. .
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three, $14; three, fl6; also single, M. to and up.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 409— Alcove and kitchen;
completely furnished; bath: grate; yard. "
GOUGH, 115 — Sunny modern-parlor; gas range;
. phone; gas; bath; complete housekeeping; $15.
LARKIN, 819'i— Sunny front alcove rooms;
light housekeeping; gas, bath, phone. ' \u25a0
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Large sunny
front and back parlors; gas stove; housekpg.
PAGE, 1138— Two unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, bath, closets, pantry, etc.
POLK, 615— One clean sunny housekeeping
room; gas stove, bath; $10.
\u25a0 i
POLK. 1002—3 and 6 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
SHIPLEY, 262, near Sixth— 3 rooms unfurnish-
ed ; rent $8 50.
THIRD. 419— Newly furnished housekeeping
rooms; also single rooms. _
THE PIEDMONT, 119A Sixth— 4 connecting
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
VAN NESS ave., 807— Handsomely furnished
sunny parlors with housekeeping jirivileges.
WALLER, 210— Unfurnished for housekeeping,
beautiful suite of sunny parlors, lavatory, hot
and cold water, bath, gas grate, marine view;
i also sunny bedroom; private; $15 for two; $13
for three.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lU9d
Valencia 3t.
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE. 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAlIister-st cars.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Roomsj
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House, 24G Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week.
A SUNNY suite, and singles, neat and clean,
bath, phone. Prices low. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, H26 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EIGHTH, 12CB— Pleasant furnished front room,
suitable for man and wife; references re-
quired.
EIGHTEENTH, 3552. between Valencia and
Guerrero — Single furnished room to let.
ELLIS, 310— Newly furnished rooms.
ELLIS. 923— Nicely furnished room with private
bath attached.
EUGENE, 205 O'Farrell— New House, fireproof,
new furniture; electric elevator; 25 private
BUltWi with bath; baths free; first •rlasM.
FOLSOM, 743— A large, sunny parlor, suitable
for two gentlemen, $10; a small, sunny
room, rent $1.
FRANCISCO HOTEL-Elegant suite*; Mnicle;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
KUKNISHED rooms, $1 per week. 820 Folsom
«t, near Fourth. '•
GEARY, 403. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single: travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1101 (The Martlnet)-^2 very desirable,
handsomely furnished suites; modern conven-
iences; everything new; prices moderate.
GOLDEN GATE. 1521-Whree large unfurnished
rooms; also two rooms In rear.
HARRISON, 702-2 unfurnished rooms; bath;
gas.
HARRISON, 784^, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished rooms; bath; all latest conveni-
ences; homelike; $1 week up.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
st.. near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the citv; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
JONES, 919 A— Nicely furnished, sunny room;
private family; for gentleman.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 930^4 (Laurel House)— Rooms to let;
locked door; no transient.
MISSION. 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; no children. \u25a0
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market st.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 33c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
• rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER, 309— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
cheap; also housekeeping.
TAYLOR, 106— Nice rooms; $1 50 up.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at \u25a0 1096
Valencia st.
~~ ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable In price;
suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Efidy st, near Leavenworth.
HARRISON, 748— Lady would like gentle-
men to board and room, $4 per week; nicely
furnished bay-window room, with piano,
suitable for two cents,' $10. without board,
and $4 with board; homelike.
THE CORBIN, 836 Sutter St.— Rooms single and
en suite; private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
cellent table/ \u25a0«•
THE CECILERNE, 930 Van Ness ave.
SUNNY front parlor suite, with good board for
4, in private family; $18; telephone. 516 Jones.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3316— Nicely furnished rooms
\u25a0without or without boarcK \ \u25a0
WANTED— A few first-class boarders; refer-
ences given and required. Box 1209, Call.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.
HOTEL Las Paiaias. 1S2O Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, batn; s W»ard optional; single rooms.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL €C."> (Johnscn House) — Exceptlon-
a'ly fur, suites; beautiful grnds: table board.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— A housekeeping room; within 10
minutes' walk of Kearny; north of Market;
respectable house; permanent;, state terms; a
Japanese couple. Box 1340, Call office.
LADY wishes one or two rooms, furnished or
partly furnished for light housekeeping; re-
fined neighborhood: rent not to exceed $12.
Address MRS. G.. Box 1367, Call office.
WANTED— Sunny room, large closet; north of
Market st. ; near town; by youns man. Box
1334. Call office.
TWO or 3 furnished rooms; light housekeeping;
lady and daughter; north of Sutter st. Box
552. Call.
WANTED— North of Market, unfurnished al-
cove suite and kitchen. Box 1352. Call office.
S OR 4 furnished or unfurnished rooms for light
housekpg: state location, price. Box 1365. Call.
HOUSEKEEPING room where baby can be
cared for during day> Box 1324. Call office.
ROO3IS AXD BOARD WANTED.
BOARD for two adults and girl of 12; state
price and location. Box 1364, Call office.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
HUNTER'S RUPTURE sXnITARIUm' 120S
Market; treatment free: $100 paid for any truss
as good as our new double lever rupture holder.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO..^415 Montgomery st, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
CHEAPEST and best-i« America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
, United States or Canada one year for $1.
DISEASES and* ailments of men treated; con-.
sultation free. American Dispensary, 314 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
: teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
.' pairing: lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 43. 145 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call!
IS yazes. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
. TO LEASE. ,
CORN^Rnot.T37i6xlS7?TfeetTsE. "corner Beach
and Taylor sts.. North Beach, near seawall;
Apply owner, 310 Ellis st.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 MIs-
slon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com->
pany, 2320 Fillmcre st; phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission it.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^Wa
cell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, S3S California: telephone Main 264.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
DIV1OEXO AOTICES.
TO the shareholders of the Ind. Red Men's
' Hall • Assn.— At the last regular meeting of
the board of directors of the Independent
Red Men's Hall Assn.. a dividend of 25c per
share was declared, payable on Friday even-
ing. October 25. at i> o'clock, to Red Men's>
Hall, 510 Bush st.
C. G. BOLSDORFF. President.
B. A. SAMMANN. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, San Francisco, Oct 21, 1301.— At a
regular meeting of the board of directors o£
this company held this day a dividend waa
declared, payable on and after October 23.
1901. LOUIS WEINMANN. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage. Depot
Quartermaster's Office, 3S New Montgomery
st, San Francisco, Cal., October 8, 1301.—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until It) o'clock a. m..
Thursday. October 24. 1901. Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Cam-
paign Hats Arctic Overshoes. Russet Shoes.
D. B. Clotb. S. B. Kersey. Quantities to be
subject to 20 per cent Increase. If desired, by
this department Bids will be opened for ths
delivery, of the same articles at either ths
San Francisco. Boston, Chicago and Phila-
delphia Depots. To avoid misunderstanding
as to the exact nature of the articles to b»
furnished, bidders will carefully examine th»
standard samples and specifications, so that
proposals may be submitted by them with a
full knowledge of what will be required. An
absolute compliance with standard and speci-
fications will be insisted upon in the Inspec-
tion of the goods. Unguaranteed bids, and
bids upon samples differing from standard
and specifications, will under no circum-
stances be considered; proposals for less)
quantity than advertised for will be enter-
tained. Bids for delivery or lnsDectlon at
other points than those named above will not
be considered. Early deliveries are essential.
Bidders must state in their proposals the rate*
and time of . delivery should contract ba
awarded to them, and that no proposition
should be made which they are not positive
that they can absolutely fulfill. The articles
advertised for are the same for which bids
will be opened at th» other depots. Prefer-
f-nce will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions oC
price and quality being equal (Including in
the price of foreign production and manu-
facture the duty thereon), and such pr«fer>
tnce wilt be Klven to articles of American
production and manufacture productd on th«
Pacific Coast, to th» extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service ther*.
The United States T«*erv*s the right to ac-
rept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information amt blanks for
proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals will be in-
dorsed "Proposal* No. 9036." and addressed
to Major C. I*. MILLER. Quartermaster. U.
H. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for liox Lockers. Depot Quarter-
master's Office, 3(1 New Montgomery st., San
Franciaco. Cal., October 13. 1301.— Sealed pro-
posals. In triplicate, will be received at this
office until 11 o'clock a. m., Friday. October
23, 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and then
opened, for furnishing Box Lockers. Quantity
to be subject to an Increase of 20 per cent.
If desired by this department. Unguaranteed
bids, and bids upon samples differing front
specifications, will under no circumstances bo
considered; proposals for less quantity than
advertised for will be entertained. Early de-
liveries are essential. The rate and time ot
delivery must be stated by bidders in their
proposals. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture, con-
ditions of price and quality being equal (in-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such
preference will be given to articles of Amer-
ican production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
- cept or \u25a0 reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blanks for pro-
posals will be furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals will be endorsed
"Proposals No. 9093," and addressed to MA-
JOR C. P. MILLER. Quartermaster. U. S.
Army, Depot Quartermaster.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
C. F. August Langermann '"Jr.. 34. 8 Dale
place, and Emma L. Brauer, 23, 169 Russ st
William H. Carpenter. 30, Stockton, and
Mabel E. Hanna. 20, Petaluma.
Alexander W. ilcFarlane. 40. 4S Palmer
street, and Ellen A. Tuohey. 19. 307 Chenery st
Kriwin Creba. 25, 1320 Folsom street, and
Lucille Schleep. 19, Hanford.
Ernest M. Ferguson, 40, 119 Octavia street,
and Emile F. Eggert. 29, 425 Fell street.
James McLafferty. 23. 333 Pennsylvania ave-
nue. and Mary A. Kelly. 20. 121 Mississippi St.
BIRTHS— MARBIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed,
In. at either of the publication ofHces and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
NATHAN— In Redding. Cal., October' 19, 1901.
to the wife of D. B. Nathan, a son.
WILSON-In this city. October 21, 1901. to ths
wife of Frank N. Wilson, a daughter.
, MABBIErX ~~~
ALTER— SCHRANZ— In this city, October 15.
1301, at St Dominic's Church, by the Rev.
Father Maximilian, Albert N. Alter of Ohio
fcnd Addle C. Schranz of San Francisco.
CARPKNTER— HANNA— In this city. October
22, . 1901. by the Rev. F. A. Doane, William
II. Carpenter of Stockton, Cal.. and Mabel
E. Hanna of Petaluma, Cal.
— ______
Allen, Oliver P. Lovett. John
Arata, Joseph Lynch, Peter
Ah Hinz McDonald, Daniel A.
Becker, Frederick W. McNamee, John
Burrs, Arthur O. McNeil], William F.
Costello. Ethel I. Mattson, Eliza 3.
Cunningham, James Moulton, Mrs. A. W,
Dettelbach. Julius Ogilvie. John
Dickie, James Patton, James
Farris, Homer R. Pendergast, Thomas
Fisher, William G. Presson. Georga R.
Foster, Alden T. Raphael. Louis
Greenaway. Ellen Sullivan. James C.
Handley, Eliza A. Thompson. Bridget
Haquette. Ausust Treacy, ' Margaret F.
Harris, Mary Wagener, Francis O.
Holm, Catherine Walter. Anna C.
Kirkpatrick, Frank Walter, Martin
La mar, Charles
ALLEN— In East Oakland. October 22, 1901, '
Oliver P.. beloved husband of Sarah F.
Allen, and father of Edward O. and Edith.
M. Allen, aged 68 year3 2 months and 5 days.
(£7 Funeral services to-morrow (Thursday),'
at 2 o'clock, at his late residence, 1018 Sixth
avenue, East Oakland. Interment private.
ARATA— In this city. October 22. 1901, Joseph,
Arata. beloved son of John and I#otti» Arata,
aged 2 years and 3 months.
AH HING— In this city, October 22. 1901. Ah.
Hing. a native of China, aged 65 years.
BECKER— In this city. October 20, 1301, Fred-
erick W. Becker, beloved uncle of Anna,
Kuhn and Johanna Haneke. and grandunclu
of Freda Taylor and Emma Utschlg. a na-
tive of Herstelle, Westphalia, Germany, aged
71 years.
E2*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland, by n o'clock
creek boat.
BURNS— In Alameda. October 22. 19<n. Arthur
G.. beloved husband of Alma. Burns, a na-
tive of Canada, aged 3-1 years a months and
22 days. (Portland papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner Park and Santa Clara avenues.
Alameda. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
COSTELLO— In this city. October 21. 1901.
Ethel Irene, beloved daughter of Joseph and
Mary Costello, and sister of Hazel, Edna ani
Earl Costsllo. a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years 7 months and 13 days.
C?' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited . to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi«
' dence of her parents. 1^34 Bush street, be-
tween Franklin street and Van Nes3 avenue. .
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for service*
at 10:30 o'cleck. Interment Holy Cross Cemo-
tery.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city. October 22.' 1901,
James Henri, beloved son of Mrs. R. A.
Cunningham, brother of Eugene F. and The-
resa M. Cunningham, and eousin of J. F.
Carren. a native of California, aged 13 years.
jETRemains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. 7P7 Mission ftrect. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
DETTELBACH— In Oakland. October 22. 1901
Julius Dettelbach, brother, of Ernest Dettel-
bach of San Francisco, a native of Prussia
Germany, aged 63 years. A member of Stan-
islaus Lodge No. 2C6, F. and A. IX.'. Modesto
Chapter, ft. A. M., and M. V. A.
DICKIE— In Oakland. October 21. 1901. James
beloved husband ot Aeroes Qickie. and father
of Jennie A. Dickie, Mrs. James F. Anderson
REAL ESTATE— CITY— *OR SALS3.
GT^H7^ulin3SEN~&^O.^"^ >^" ""*"""*
\u25a0 14 Montgomery st.
.AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION .
AUCTION {
AUCTION
AUCTION
At our salesroom, MONDAY, Oct. 28th, 1901,
: at 12 o'clock noon.
REFEREE SALE.
The following three properties to be offered
by order of Gustave H. Umbsen, referee, sub-
ject to confirmation by the court:
No. 1.
Nos. 32 .Jo 34 1 / £ Moss St., bet. 6th and 7th,
Howard and Folsom sts.; tenements of 6 and
3 rooms each; rents $75 per month; lot 48x80.
No. 2. , ••
No. 465 A, B, C.D, ETehama st, bet. 5th
and 6th sts.; 6 tenements of 3 and 4 rooms
each; rents $60 per month;' lot 25x80.
No. 3. s
No. 4373 '24th st, SE. cor. Hoffman ave.;
cottage of 5 rooms, with stable; rents $10 per
month: lot 125x110.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
Nos. 760-762 Hayes St., north line, bet. Bu-
chanan and Webster sts. ; 2 bay-window flats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath each; stable on rear
street; rents $57 50 per month, which are low;
bank mortgage of $5500 at 6 per cent cari\re-
maln; lot 25x120 to Ivy ave. • \
CHOICE MISSION RESIDENCE. \
No. 1406 Guerrero st, near 26th; elegant resi-
dence of 15 rooms and bath, with large
grounds; can be readily converted into flats at
small outlay and made a good paying invest-
ment;, lot 50x155, irregular.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
Nd. 843 Pacific st. and 1220 Powell St.; SE.
cor.; 3 stores and lodging-house; rents $95 per
month; three mortgages.
NATOMA-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 415-417 Natoma st, bet. 5th and 6th sts.:
improvements, 2 houses, 2 flats and 2 cottages
of 2-4-5 rooms each; rents $t>3 per month; lot
50x80.
MARY MEAGHER ESTATE.
* , Executor Sale.
SE. cor. Ellis and Broderick sts.: 4 flats of
4-5 rooms each: rents $12 per month; lot 37:6x
137:6; subject to confirmation by the court.
B. TURRE ESTATE.
The following three properties must be sold
by order of legatees:
No. 1.
Nos. 105-5% Devisadero st, bet. Waller and
Halght sts.; 2. bay-window flats of 5 and 6
rooms and bath each; rents $43 50 per month;
lot 25x100.
No. 2.
No. 6S9 Commercial St., bet. Kearny and
Montgomery sts.; 2-story frame building; rents
$17 60 per month.
No. 3.
No. 602 Stockton st, bet. Bush and Pine sts.:
3-story and- basement brick building of 14
rooms; rents $64 per month, which is low,
GUSTAV WALTER ESTATE.
Administratrix Sale.
The following three properties must be sold
to close the estate:
No. 1. '
27th «t. north line, bet. Church and San-
chez sts.; building lot 53:4x114.
No. 2.
Part of outside land block 11R6, fronting on
14th ave.. U St. and San Miguel Rancho.
No.- 3.
Part of outside Innd block 1186, fronting on
14th ave., V st and San Miguel Rancho,
For further Par^uiar.^ppTg^ &
14 Montgomery Ht.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
C3S Market st.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
REDUCED FROM $0D0O.
MUST UK SOLD IN TKN DAYS.
PAYS U1O INTEREST.
NEAR T1I1IU) AND FOLSOM STS.
14350-HcntB for $52 per month; line Invest-
ment: three well-built flats of 6-5-5 roome
und bath each: lot 21x112:6 feet.
VALLEJO-ST, INVESTMENT.
$6S00— A two-story house of 7 rooms ana bath,
two flats 5 rooms and bath and n rear
house of 5 rooms, all in llrst-clas condi-
tion; modern sanitary plumbing, tiled
mantels and sinks; magnificent marine
view of the city nnd Golden Gate: renta
$71 per month; Hyde and Union Bt. cars;
large lot, 43:9x137:6 feet.
PAGE-ST. RESIDENCE.' \
$6000— Large, imposing, well-built modern resi-
dence of $ rooms and bath; in fine condi-
tion; a fine key lot, on the sunny side of
the street; near Devisadero; electric cars
pass; can be bought on very easy terms;
large lot, 25x137:6 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
Two new modem up-to-date flats of 6-5
rooms and porcelain bath each; exposed
. sanitary plumbing; electric lighting;,
tiled mantels: plenty of sun and light;
fine neighborhood; Ellis and Scott sts.;
present low rental $570 per annum.
GUERRERO-ST. RESIDENCE.
$3250— A substantial, well-built house of 7 rooms
and bath; near 22d St.; reduced from
J4000.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$2900— Two flats of 4 rooma each and a rear
house of 3 rooms; rents for $30 per
month; brick foundation; lot 25x75 feet.
MODERN MISSION COTTAGES
AT YOUR OWN PRICE,
ON YOUR OWN TERMS.
We have -over 50 up-to-date cottages in all
parts of the Mission: call and get a list.
EASTON. ELDP.IDGE & CO..
638 Market st.
A. M. SPECK & CO ...667 MARKET ST.
Opposite Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
J700 CASH.
Balance $1300; mortgage can remain; 5-room
cottage- in the Mission; Twenty-fourth-st. car
line.
$2350.
Close to Sixth st; 2 houses; rents $24.
$4000.
Flats near Ninth St.; fine building; rents $44;
want offer.
J3S0O.
Jones-st. flats; rents $41; lot 45-foot frontage.
$1950.
' Two modern flats: only half block from Mar-
ket St.; rents $40; cost nearly $7500. .
$6300.
Corner; marine view; splendid improvement*;
rents $60.
• $sooo.
Vicinity of Post and Stockton sts. ; 9-room
house and lot ,
$12,500.
Harriscn-st. corner; 75x75 ft; 10, flats; must
sell; want offer.
$12,750.
New Van Ness-ave. flats; rents $125; a safe
buy.
.. $16,500.
Panhandle corner; two new buildings; rents
$142; lot 37x115 feet.
$15,000.
Leavenworth-st. investment; 57-foot front;
rents $105; always rented.
$19,500.
Modern improvements; lot 72x137:6; rented at
$170. .
I „ $35,000.
Afsure bargain; corner; S5xl20 ft.; 3 front-
ages; rents $205; partly unimproved; mortgage
$20,000.-
$35,000.
Mission st, near Fourth; splendid brick
structure; elevator; good, high basement; rent
$250; one tenant.
$40,000.
Sutter-st. corner: east of Jones; stores and
Iodglng-house3; SO- foot frontage.
- $12,000.
Post-st. corner; 3-story bay-window building;
4 stores; lot 67 ft. frontage; rents $240.
$55,000.
Market st., near Taylor; 50-foot; splendid
building; rents $760. v .
A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market street.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR~SALE OR EXCHANGE?" ~~
A highly improved country home and invest-
ment property near San Jose, consisting of ISO
acres, of which 100 acres are planted to the
finest varieties of resistant wine grapeB. There
Is a .family orchard surrounding the buildings.
The improvements consist of a large 12-room
modern residence, with spring water piped
throughout The house is surrounded by hand-y
some grounds containing a large fish pond ana
fountain. There are also -stables and other
ranch buildings. The house sets 1 on a sufficient
elevation to command a beautiful view of the
Santa Clara Valley. The wine Industry Is as-
sured good prices for years to come and wine
grapes are st!ling for $25 to-<30 per ton, which
makes a resistant vineyard an investment prop-
osition. This property is worth your immediate
investigation. For full information call on or
address. McAFEE BROTHERS,
103 Montgomery st, San Francisco. Cal.
GOOD land; low price; bank's figures; coast
road; fast trains: best climate; best soil;
crops sure; selling fast: to saving people on
monthly payments; within the reach of fru-
gal people; $14 14 monthly will buy 10 acres;
careful men will plant vineyards or orchards
to suit buyers; a pretty colony is forming
now; the kind of soil, the kind of climate,
the kind of people you want to be with;
Santa Clara Valley; come see us. WOOSTER,
WHITTON & MONTGOMERY, 634 Market
St., and San Jose. , .• .
OCEAN View Mountain ranch, near Pescadero,
lor sale; 306 'acres, mostly redwood and tun
oak: 10<K> fruit trees in full bearinv, prin-
cipally late apples; no frost; can raise pota-
toes all the year round; lovely view; owner
too old to manage it and will sell cheap. J.
EVANS. Petscadero, San Mateo County.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO- —
Small tracts, \u25a0 $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma, Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st, for pam-
phlets and Information.
10-ACRE bearing orchard and poultry .ranch;
mile from Hay wards; with new, modern 5-
. room house barns, stock and fawning im-
plements. Jox 1231, Call office.
A — IF you want to buy, sell or exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN. 719 Mrket St.. S. F., office near Call big.
$2500-IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado County. near;R. R. Box 222, Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list." C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
; Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1..
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AlAfflPA- REAL ESTATE.
GREAT BARGAINS.
In improved and unimproved property in Ala-
meda. - ...-..: \u25a0 . - • .
Cottage, $3000, reduced to $2150. -- . ;
Cottage, 6 rooms, $3250; price reduced to $2350.
Cottage of eight rooms, $3300, $2350.
: Two-story 8-room house, new, $4500, reduced to
$3000. " ..
Two-story, 9 rooms, all modern improvements;
on Clinton ave.; lot 50x150; offered for $4750.
A few of our cheap lots are' still unsold,
price from $150 to $.250, and must be sold regard-
less of cost.
E. J. JUDD COMPANY,
- , 1424 Park st.
\u25a0 « \u25a0
A RARE opportunity; for sale or lease; one of
• the prettiest homes in Alameda; ho'use and
stable built one year; lot 75x175; house of 8
rooms; splendidly finished with 2 tiled baths.
Call mornings, 1004 Grand st, corner San
.. Jose ave., -Morton st. station, narrow-gauge.
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; % cash. Bank of Ala.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
5 ROOMS, with high basement; lot 50x160; "fruit
trees and garden; stable; chicken house";
fenced and cross fenced; centrally located;
price $1500; terms reasonable.
' A new 5-room modern cottage; cement bulk-
head and walks; good well; only 1 block from
cars and local trains; price only $1500; $100
cash, balance $15 per month.
A new 5-room modern house; only 2 blocks
from trains and cars; large lot; will be fln-
\u25a0 lshed in about a week.
HOME REALTY CO.,
Lorin Station, Berkeley.
WILL THIS TEMPT YOU? ~
$3000 will buy a fine two-story house and
lot, near the station on the eunny side of
the street; street work all done; to any one
buying this property during the coming
week I will give as a bonus a fine corner
lot, 60x100, adjoining the above; mind you,
there Is no mistake, will give you the lot
free if you buy the house and lot Apply to
JOS. J. MASON, adjoining P. O., Berkeley
station.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
\u25a0
OFFICE— 1H8 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HKAL ESTATE.
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., ,
. (Successors to William J. Dlngee.)
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
.0 ,
-- fct - • • - - . \u25a0\u25a0• - " ..• -'
AUCTION.
% . AUCTION.
AUCTION. .
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
Special Credit Sale of
28 38 3S 38
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
choice res;dence lots.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
CHOICE* RESIDENCE LOTS.
Facing West Street,
Market Street,
35th Street and 86th Street
SATURDAY, November 2, 1901.
At 2 p. m.
AT SALESROOM, 903 BROADWAY.
TheEe lots are surrounded by new homes
and more are In course of construction. \u25a0•
The street work is complete. Terms only
1-5 cash; remainder in easy installments.
Carriages at office for inspection of property.
Office open evenings b" appointment.
Installment or flat loans negotiated for home-
builders.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
For catalogues and other particulars apply to
• WOODWARD, WATSON & /CO..
.WOODWARD, WATSON & CO ,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, /WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, ' WATSON & CO.,
'WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
. \u25a0 (Successors to William J. Dlngee.) .
Real Estate Auctioneers,
903 Broadway, Oakland.
• j ' ' »
$S00— PLAIN but cozy cottage of five rooms in
good condition; sunny side; close, to San Pab-
16 ave." electric cars; strept work all done;
insured for $800; policy paid for three years
in advance goes with the place; title perfect;
terms can be arranged; would rent for $S to
$10 per month; look this up; owner on prem-
ises. , .
GEO. TV. AUSTIN & CO..
w\ \u25a0>'.-. v 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2250— A VERY neat home In Peralta Heights;
cottage of 6 rooms and bath. and barn; lot
40x137:6%; two years old; elegant view of the
lake; see photo at office. i '
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
\u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0 ' 100S Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— A BANK SALE-$250O.'' r i
$100 down and easy monthly payments will
buy a coay. nearly new, modern colonial cot-
tage of S rooms, bath, hall, brick foundation;
with folding doors and sanitary plumbing;
lot 30x100 feet; above the street grade, with
nice open lawn; stone walks and all street
improvements; - insured for $2000 and all in
\u25a0 fine condition; electric cars In front; handy to
Adellne-st. station; location very desirable;
near schools' and churches; liberal .discount
for all cash. , , ; ,
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
HOUSES of every description and price for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E.' BARNARD.
1118 Broadway; telephone Main 10.
CHEAPEST and best In America-The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in' the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OAKLAND FVRMTURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellh&as. the
furniture dealer. 11th' and Franklin. Oakland.
MUSICAL IXSTRPMEX'TS — Con.
A REAL treat is in store for any one who will
take the trouble to call and hear the won- f
derful Simplex piano player as it is exhibited
Jn our warerooma every day: it is the best
on the market. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. ;\u25a0 -
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
/within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at - regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. ICOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st; established 1850.
\u25a0A FIRM'S failure to realize on account ot
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st. '
PIANOS — The most modern and up-to-date;
Steck." Everett, Conover, Packard, Ludwig,
Hardman and many others: wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiley B. Allen Co., 933 Market st,
S. F. ; (Branch Store, 951 Broadway, Oakland).
PIANO, upright, nearly new, for sale cheap.
140 Minna st. -
BEAUTIFUL tone upright piano; handsome
case; sacrifice account sickness. C95 Ellis et.
CARLOAD $400 pla"nos sacrificed for $250 each;
great bargains. BRUENN, 208 Post st.
$25— HERTZ piano: good for practice; Schaffer
upright, nearly new, $99. 217 Geary st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy, Lester Hamilton,
Splelmann pianos. 308 Post st. \
$550 PIANO, nearly new. for $225; pianos with
harp attachment. HAMILTON, 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St. ,
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk St., near Market—
Shoninger, Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. E60 Hayes.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
22S PACIFIC st— Handsome store; also 804 San-
some st, nice store, $10 per month.
ROOM, light, phone; suitable for designer or
card writer; $5. Inquire 1008 Mission st.
" ' \u25a0 OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand, \ In good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
H~jin*olvnT^F73S^HrLT~Bde^
Taylor st. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 661. ,
PAIXTims ANU DKCORATOllS.
jTcTR^ATNlTciTGTGTaVeT^^
best quality work; lowest prices; get figures.
ROOMS papered $3 up; whitening done. HART-
MAN PAINT CO., tel. Red S521, 319 Third Ht.
ritJRSOXALS.
INDIAN baskets, Indian rellci, curios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
et., largest curio store In America; visitor.)
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upward;.
AN elegant lino of remnants for suits to or-
der, $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on In-
stallments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mur-
kct St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE DOTTLE of Plnus will cure any case ot
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 00 per bottlo. For circulars, Plnus Med,
Co.. 731 Valencia st, S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market; 700 rooms;
£5c to $150 per night; $1 CO to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, 1021 Market st., near Sixth.
HAIR, birth marks, moles, removed forever
without pain or scar with electricity by
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist, 359S
Eighteenth st, corner Guerrero.
GOOD work and politeness is what you' find at
Lederer's: halrdressing 25c; hair dyeing. G.
LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.
McCABE's Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business. Emma SpreckeU
bldg., rooms 323-324, S. F.; tel. South 381.
AT cash prices; ladies' fUor-made suits, coats,
silk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc. ; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 116 Fifth Bt.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
ADELINA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret ot
continual 1 youth; 50c, postpaid; free demon-
stration; come and see us. Bon-Ton, 324 Po3t.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
Superfluous hair, moles, etc., removed free for 1
wk by elec, needle. Dr. Brooks, Mission & 16th
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher; translations. 513 McAllister st.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Box 1203. Call.
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore, 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
LACE curtains cleaned for 35c per pair and up.
1277 Mission street; phone Folsom 252S.
STOP that "cough" — California Lung Balsam
will do it; all druggists; phone Pine 23S6.
MASQUERADE costumes, p^ay books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN&CO..733 Market.
600 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 113 Kearny st. ;
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Mif fit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; 60c
per gallon. Ill Van Ness ave.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
OBESITY cured :no dieting; no weakening. TUB
A'VIDA CO., 736 Valencia St.. bet. 18th & l»th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
PLAXIXft A.\D TURXIXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AIVD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL-Offlce and residence^
1021'^ Market -6t.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st. ; see testimonials at office.
REAL ESTATE CITY KOIt SALE.
WILL YOU MAKE SOME MONEY IN THIS?
A big new laundry Is coming to town, and
it's going to make some money. The com-
pany has decided to make it even bigger than
originally intended. To speedily effect the
proposed enlargement the company, at first
a close corporation, has decided to sell a
small block of its stock by popular subscrip-
tion. It is the bargain of the day in in-
dustrial lines, and is being subscribed for by
our clients in all sections of the State in re-
ply to an advance circular mailed to them
a few days ngo. It has been subscribed in
amounts running from $5 to $800. Dividends
will, so shareholders believe, equal the
amount of the investment In about three
years. Call or write for circulars, or better
yet, talk the matter over with us. You may
like it well enough to buy, while we recognize
your privilege to "turn it down." Subscrip-
tion books . are open at our office. THE
AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST COM-
PANY, Fiscal Agents, 328 Montgomery st,
San Francisco.
A RESIDENCE to cost about $4000 wanted to
purchase In the Mission or Western Addition,
on or near to a car line; must be modern
built and in good condition. W. J. GUNN,
530 California st
A CORNER property wanted to purchase on
Mission or Valencia sts. W. J. GUNN, 630
California st.. . .,'
WANTED to purchase two or four flats that
are in' first-class condition and modern;
either in Mission or Western Addition. -W.
J. GUNN. 630 California st. , .
THE undersigned wants to purchase a lot Im-
proved or unimproved on Valencia, Mission,
Howard or Folsom. W. J. GUNN. 630 Cali-
fornia st." ' . •
$350 AND $250 each. 2 sunny corner Mission
lots; frontage on 3 streets; cash or install-
ments. Apply 360 Jessie st.
FOR sale— Cottage of 4 rooms, large basement
and yard; half casU. 3022 Pierce st v
. MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, ~2d^md~maclilneryT^
IN TOSH & WOLPMAN. 185-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
eftcond hand ; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOON AN. 1017, 1019, 1021, 1023
Mission st.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
GOOD firewood for sale cheap. Risdon Iron
Works, cor. Howard and Beale sts.
RETIRING from business— We are selling out
our stock of pictures, frames and moldings
at a reduction of half off; must close out
everything by Nov. 15. JONES & CO., 704
Larkin st., near Ellis.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers, etc.; also wood-worklnc tools, such as
band taws, wood planers, simpers, stickers,
mortlsers, saws, etc. J. B. JARDINE. 220
Fremont st. '>\u25a0: \u25a0\u25a0''
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 S^pear Et.
FOR Sale— Two thoroughbred Irish' Setters
(males), 3 months old. Address P. O. box 101,
Nova to. Cal. '\u25a0\u25a0• V
HAND tenoning machine and hand shaper
suitable for carpenter shop; also No. 2
Hooker steam pump. S43 Howard st
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO..
8-17 Stevenson St.. near First.
FINE suits. $10; dres-s pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE gasoline phaeton suitable for physician;
bargain; excellent condition. Box 1353, Call.
FOR Sale— A gentleman'B first-class ticket to
Denver. 11SB Langton.
GAS engine; perfect condition; only used few
days. Consumers' Electrical Assn.. 524 Sutter.
10 H. P. economizer boiler with engine mounted,
all complete; as good as new; $175. 616 Mission.
CHEAP, 4 H. P. gasoline engine; 2 steam
pumps; all kinds tools. L. Sparber, 546 Mission.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. S21 Mission ft.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery Bt.
OFFER wanted on email stock millinery. Ad-
dress C23 E. Eleventh St.. East Oakland.
LARGE vault front; also large firenroof safe
cheap. PERIAM & CO.. 42 Main st.
CASH register <Hallwood); brand new; $55; re-
ductlon. H. F. ALLEN. 202 California st.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office, 23 Stockton.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKKR & HAMILTON.
JEWELRY for sale and made to order. T.
FERSHTANP. 126 Kearny st.. room 29.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. DULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, naw and M-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK. CU Mission st.
8AFER— New and eecond hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
KNGINES ond boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 129 Hcnle tt.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler" » vteel-
Hn<>d Faff, perfect order. 116 California st.
MISCICLLAMSOUS WAXTS.
WANTED— %-lnch and 1-inch water pipe; sec-
ond-hand; l'*> to TOO feet of each; state quan-
tity and price. Box 1317, Call office.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD, 1706 Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Folsom 2522.
HONEY TO LOAX.
aa^m^nhat^ajTXo^n^oISpany^
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN.
HATTAN LOAN CO., Ttli floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN '.
24 Montgomery st. room 3
$250,0C0— EASTERN capital to loan at low rate
on California securities, first or second mort-
gages, city or town properties, undivided in-
terests in real estate, legacies, etc., also first-
class ranch property; will loan as high as 75
per cent of real value. W. L. HARPER, 397
Parrott building.
'\u25a0 ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on eecond mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more monoy
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN,
Adams building, 206 Kearny st., room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos and* sealskins at lowest rate of Interest.
9 Grant ave., near Market st. ; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store 846 Market
Bt.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St.
A MILLION at 4 per cent; smaller amounts at
6; city or farm property; long time; state
amount desired and location of property. P.
O. box 2073.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary 6t. ; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or piano? without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
$000,009 AT 6 per cent in sums to suit in city;
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates: second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture. . pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st, room 68.
LOANS on pianos, furniture without removal,
libraries, goods in warehouse, etc.; any amt.;
lowest rates; priv. Ormsby. 26 Montg.,offlce 7.
ON SALARIES without indorser; other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan b.
£% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no reir.uxal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddv st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos ; no removal ; no
commls. ; confidential. Whitehead, 1706 Market.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
! strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
S1C00: any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E: RUDELL, 222 Sansome st.
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and dis-
counts. 221 Parrott building.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
SIOXEV WANTED.
A PARTY desires to borrow $300 for six months
from some private party; good security. Box
! 1342, Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second hand. Is the largest
west of Chicago and Includes the most re-
liable makers to choose from. New pianos
sold upon easy payments of $6 per month;
eome good pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Fran-
cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.,
Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co., eole agents for the most famous and old-
est American makes; easy payments: liberal
allowance for Fecond-hand pianos; rents $2
up allowed; bargain list $25 up; Steinways,
$185: Cnlekerlngs. $135; 50 others; agents
wanted. 217 Geary st.
ATTENTION, BARGAIN HUNTERS —
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right Dianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrnll. Chiekerlng, Ma-
eon and Hamlin, Vose, Sterling pianos.
I A SMALL Weber upright, $125; elegant walnut
case, Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck,
oak case; Hardman square, $45; organs, $25
up. BOWERS & SON, 23 Fifth St., IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
A FACT worth remembering is this, you get
your money's worth when you buy a piano
from us; we sell the famous Decker & Son
and BaumefBter: cash or payments. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
NEW piano, pianola and music on sale; great
bargain; party going away. 217 Geary st.
WANTED— 5 square pianos and organ for coun-
try schools. BYRON MAUZY, 308-10-12 Post.
MINES AND MINING.
MOJr-EZCMA COPPER^ & COAlT^HARE^!
MONTEZUMA COPPER & COAL SHARES
MON^EZl'MA COPPER & COAL SHARES'
MONTEZUMA COPPER & COAL SHARES'
MOOTIEZUMA COPPER & COAL SHARES.
PATING QUARTERLY DrVIDENDS
PAYING QUARTERLY DIVIDENDS.
PAYING QUARTERLY DIVIDENDS.
PAYING QUARTERLY DIVIDENDS.
PAYING QUARTERLY DIVIDENDS.
Thousands of readers of these advertisements
have cause to regret their apathy as regards
Ehares cf the Monteruma Mining Company of
Washington when they were offered a few
months ago at 4c and 5c. The price of shares
is now I5e cash or CSc on installments, yet are
only one-quarter the price they '\u25a0will be in less
than a year; for Montezuma shares are cer-
tainly going to par value of $1 per share. The
reason for it is obvious. While no copper ore
has been marketed, many tons of it are being
piled up on the dump at the "Tacoma" mine,
\u25a0wher* a second er.try is being driven. Active
work in tunneling was suspended for two
months while the machinery for operating the
air drills was being installed. That work is
competed and a largely increased operating
force is now busily engaged in taking out ore.-
Before this ore can be marketed It Is necessary
to btlld an electric line of about 18 miles to
conntrct the mines with the Northern Pacific
ns.!lt.-ay. which has just been completed from
Fairfax to the new town of Montezuma, where
a pottorflee has been established.
DIVIDENDS PAID FROM COAL.
While work at the copper mines is, as stated,
being vigorously prosecuted, operations at the
coal mines are even more active. More than
ICO men are at work at the mines and In the
building of a 50,000 ton bunker-st Montezuma.
The roal taken out is of a superior quality for
Fteanlng ard cckir.g, while the product of our
creat blacksmithing vein, varying from 6 to 8
feet in width, is being eold on the Tacoma and
Prattle markets at $10 per ton. Monteruma
shareholders are absolutely certain of handsome
dividends from this coal alone, there being 52
feet of it In eight veins, all above water level.
As to quality, we cannot do better than quote
the following report of the test of Montezuma
coal made by the Quartermaster General's De-
rart:nent. Washington. D. c.. and addressed to
Major Ruhlen, Quartermaster, Seattle, Wat-h-
lnrton. as follows:
GOOD COAL. FAYS THE GOVERNMENT.
"I am directed by the Quartermaster General
t" advise you that the Paid sample (Montezuma
<"ca!> has be<-n carefully tested by this office
and «as found to have an equivalence of eight-
fen hundred and fifty-nine <1SM) pounds to the
cord of standard oak wood.
"This coal was tried also in a blacksmith's
forge, and was found to yield a heavy welding
heat "
Aeiompanyinpr thin report is a tabular state-
men- of tests of various coals in use on the
Pacific Coast.
Franklin Coal. Washington 2222 lbs
Naniimo, British Columbia ; 2212 lb« '
Scranton Anthracite. Pennsylvania 1S4S lbs
WcUh Anthracite, Wales 20S5 lbs '
"We: ing-ton Coal. British Columbia ;o<« lbs \u25a0
f=outh Prairie. Washington 1973 lbs
MONTEZUMA .:..... 1SM , bs
It will be seen from the above that our Mon-
tezuna Coal has nearly eight and one-half (S.4)
per cent greater heating power than the cele-
brated Nanaimo Coal and Welsh Anthracite,
end falls very little short of Pennsylvania An-
thracite itself. In this respect. Considering that
the Montezuma Coal was taken directly from
the mines unwashed, this is indeed a remark-
Eble Ehowing.
WHAT PRACTICAL MEN SAY
ABOUT MONTEZUMA COAL.
P.e?er.tly quantities of coal from our new
celetrated " Blacksmith" vein (7 feet wide)
were submitted to certain manufacturing firms
in Tacoma for thorough testing In a practical
\u25a0way. The following is one of several letters
Fho-ning just how these coals behave on the
iorge:
Colo:iel C. W. Thompson.
President Montezuma Mining Co.,
Tacoma, Wash.
TACOMA. Wash., Oct. L 1901.
Deir E'.r: We gave the coal you sent us a
thorough trial, and find the following result:
Fim we used your coal for five hours doing
h'avr, solid work, largely in welding, and
found it gave the very best satisfaction, making
a gcod strong heat, free from sulphur, and
C'jite fre* from clinkers, in fact, during the en-
tire Ive hours' work it made but t lbs 6 or of
clinker, ar.d a part of that was welding sand.
Your coal 1s not quite as heavy as the Penn-
sylvania Cumberland blacksmith coal, but tak-
ing it altogether, it ranks with that coal for
general blacksmith purposes, end the Pacific
Coar: is to be congratulated on having such a
blacl- smith coal as yours to supply the large
and .jrowing demand.
I understand the price of your coal Is $10 per
ton celivered, IT so, please send us as soon as
convenient a carload. Yours truly.
WEPT COAST WAGON CO..
By J. R. Turner, Manager.
When it is remembered that the company has
practically unlimited quantities of this coal
vhlch,-it j£_fstimated, can be mined and placed
en the cars for $1.15 per ton. the values behind
Meet izuraa shares can be understood. . The
Mcnt»rjma Mining Company's Ehares with the
ccal er-d copper back of them are at present
prices unquestionably the best investment now
offered to the cubllc.
ANNUAL MEETING.
The annual meeting of the stockholders was
held la Taccma, Sept. 10. The California
Branch Advisory Board was represented by Mr.
J. S. C. Thompson. Mr. "W. A. C. Smith, ex-
pert accountant of San Francisco, who audited
the tiooks of the company, presented his re-
port, of which the report of the Secretary and
Treajuerer Is a condensed etatement. £xpert
AceouaUnt Smith, in concluding his report
', \u25a0 .*\u25a0 \u25a0• '
eaid: "I feri quite satisfied vrith the general
f arr-uracy. and es-pecially with the cash book
1 The office is entitled to credit for method and '
• accuracy."
The profits are dividends. It must be remem-
bered that the policy of the Montezuma Mining
Company makes it Imperative that every eU r-
plus 3ollar derived from the sale of coal must
be paid In dividends to shareholders. That the
development of the copper properties may be
continued without interruption it Is necessary
that, additional shares be sold. These shares
are absolutely free from the element of specu-
lation, since regular dividends will be paid on
Siem from the products cf the coal mines.
RECAPITULATION.
Moiitezuma Company has three groups of cop-
per mines.
The ore is high grade chalco pyrite, easily
Emeltered. /
Two thouEand acres of coal lands producing
high grade coking and blaeksmlthing coal.
The coal mines will Eoon produce 1000 tons
daily. . «> : u
We have a market for every pound of coal
that can be mined.
Properties worth a million dollars, and no
drbts'
Surplus earnings must be paid in dividends
and cannot be reinvested. ,
Shares are constantly advancing in price; 'a
«jue£t on of only a few months until par value
ot 71 r>er Eh are Ie reached.
TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS.
. . If you are Interested In a high class, legitl-
/rnate, safe and profitable Investment, which has
\u25a0M l*hinl it absolute security, you are invited to
\tall iX our office or write for prospectus, re-
j.orte and photographs concerning the great
Montczuma properties. Address all communica-
tions to V I
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRt'ST CO.,
Fiscal Agents. fk
til. Montgomery Et.. Kaa Franclsool caL
Continued on Page Ten,wagon as he thought It was a
case for the hospital. Hobi gave him a
Bhove in the direction of first base and
Moriarity stopped dreaming. He thought
he had landed on a striker's head, where
as he had simply torn off a single.
This was an incident of the baseball
game played yesterday by teams from the
Southern and Central stations. It was a
contest full of i incidents and awful
playing. "Billy" Harrison, who occupied
a conspicuous place behind the \u25a0 home
plate, thought he was patching dough
nuts, and Goodwin, who had curves that
rivaled Sapho's, passed over his assort
ment, which were sampled so often that
the official scorer tired marking up the
hits. - .. . -
Mr. Brockhoff was inveigled into umpir
ing the trouble. Before three innings had
gone by he wished he was ballooning with
Santos-Dumont. He did not dare give a
just decision for fear he would be
MORIARITT of the Southern sta
tion landed so hard on the ball
with his riot club that he yelled
to Dolan to ring In for the
POLICE DEPARTMENT CELEB
RITIES CAVORTING IN AN
EXCITING BASEBALL. GAME.
FRIEND, Nobr., Oct. 22.— Ideal coursing
weather prevailed to-day when the pre
liminaries 1 were announced for the Mis
sissippi Valley Futurity stake at the
Friend Coursing Park. The grand stand
\u25a0was well filled with lovers of- the sport
from all parts of the country. ;E. M.
Kellogg of San Francisco, J. E. , Wilson
of Chicago and - Charles K. Benson of St.
Louis are among • the prominent 'kennel
owners whose nounds will contest 'in the
events. Many high-class youngsters. from
Minnesota,— Kansas and South Dakota
are also entered. •. .
Coursing Meeting in Nebraska.
TUESDAY, Oct. 22—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Aek. Bla.Ask.
4s qu&r coup...llJ 112V4 4s qr o (new).139x 140
is Quar reg 112 112% Ss coupon 1CSV& —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.l06^107 Do Wat 5s... 105% —
Cal-st Cab Bs..US — Oceanic SS 5s.lO3H —
C C Wat 5s...Ul J ilir% Omnibus G 63.129% —
Ed L & P 6s.. — 13Hi Pac G Imp 4s. — —
FtClK 6s.. — 122 Pk & Cl R 6s. 109 —
Geary-st C 5s. — — Pk & O R 6s.l21 —
H C & S 5%s. — — Powll-Et R 6s. — —
Do 5s 99 — Sac E O R 5s. 95 98%
Los Ang R 5s.U7 — S F & SJV 5s.U22% —
i. A Light 6S.101U — S R of Cal 6s. — —
Do entd 6s. .100 — S P of A 6s...llSHllSV»
Do gntd 6s. .101 103 Do 1910 H4Vi—
L A & P 5s. ...— 102 S P of Cal
Do 1 c m 5s. — 123 Series A 107 —
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 128% * Series B 108 —
Do 1 c m 5S.12U4 — Do 1906 109 —
KRof Cal 6S.112U113V2 Do 1912 UQ%120M,
1 Do 5s 121 1^2 S P of Cal 1st
! Nor P C R 6s. 101% — gntd 5s lliy, -r
Do 5s — 108 S P Br R 6s.. .134 —
Nor Cal R Ss.mi* — S V Water 6s. 111% —
j Oak Gas Ss lll?i — Do 4s 104*1
Do Trans 6s. 122 126 Do 4s 3d m..lO*y.lO4'
Do 1 c m 5s. 112 11214 Stktn Gas 6s.. 104 " —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Cos.... 76% 76% .Port Costa.... 63 65
Marin Co 5S — I Spring Val 89% 90
GAS AXD ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... — 4 Pac Lt Co 41 —
Equitable .'.... 3% 4 S E G & R.. — —
Mutual — VA i F G & E... 43% 44%
OGL&H.... 50 51ii San Fran .... 4>i —
Pac Gas I....— 43i2lstk G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrems Fund..2W — >
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 75% 79 [Lon P & A...159%160
Bnk of Cal. ..406 410 Mer Ex (IIq).. 16 —
Cal S K Dep.109 — S F Nat'l ..130
1st N of S F.312% — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 19001325 Sav & Loan..— 90
Humboldt — — Security ......275 —
Mutual 60 — Union Trust.. 1700
S F Sav Un...525 —
STREET RAILROADS.
Cal-street 130 — O S L & H.. 40 —
Geary-st — EO Presidio 30 —
Mkt-st S7% 8714
POWDER.
Giant Con 79 — |Vlgortt J 4 iy t
SUGAR.
Hana Plan .. — 5 iKilauea 11 12
Haw Com — 50 |Makaweli 28 23
Honokaa 11% 11T» Onomea 24 25
Hutch S P 16}* — IPaauhau 11^4 n»i
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. .141 112% Ocn S S- Co.. 43% 48
Cal Ft Can... 97 98 Pac A F A.. 2U —
Cal W A .... 89% — PC Brx Co.,165 —
Mer Ex As. ..110 — Para Pt Co... 16
.Morning Session.
Board —
EO Alaska Packers' Association 14100
\u25a0 3 Bank of California 406 X2U
IS Bank of California 403 00
20 Contra Costa Water 77 00
50 Hutehinson S P Co 17 25
3U Hutchinson S P Co 17 00
11000 Los Angeles Railroad 5 per cent. ...117 59
23 London. Paris & American 160 00
25 llakaweli .-. 28 50
59 Market Street jRailway 87 00
10 Market Street Railway 88 00
$2000 Oakland Traction Co. 5 per -cent 112 25
75 Spring Valley Water 89 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 California TV A 89 75
10 Contra Costa Water 76 50
20 Contra Costa Water 76 6'^4
22 Giant Con 79 00
KKTHonokaa 1175
£00 Hutchinson S P Co 17 00
25 Makawell 28 25
: 2o Market Street Railway SS OD
5 Market Street Railway 87 C2%
; $5000 S P of A bonds 113 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
500 Bear Flag 05
3500 Independence 03
1000 Junction 19
2003 Lion 0"
400 Peerless 5 ]"V4
300 Peerless (b 90) jQ 5 371^
14,500 Petroleum Center (b 00) 06
$ Reed Crude 30
1000 Reed Crude 36
100 San Joaquin OH & Dev 7 75
ICO Sterling 1 30 '
Street— /
100 McKittrick 13
50 Home 3 30
/ Afternoon Session.
Boarn —
100 Cent Pt Con 125
2300 Hanford, Fresno, Kern River 08
50 Home 3 30
100 Kern (bo) » 5 87U
1000 Lion (s 60) 06'
500 Lion 07
170 Peerless 1 6 00 .
200 Peerless (b 90) 5 37%
1009 Reed Crude 37
-100) Reed Crude (b 30) 38
230 Sterling - 1 30
100 Twenty-eight (b 30) 165
MINING STOCKS.
Following Were the sales of the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Slorninrr Session.
600 Andes 05 200 Mexican 23
600 Best & Belcher 17 200 Ophir 89
300 Caledonia 34 100 Overman 0o
2C0 Challenge 19 300 Potosl 08
3«0 Oould & Curry. 14 100 Sierra Nevada.. 19
400 Mexican 21 200 Union Con .18
Afternoon Ses3lon.
SCO Best & Belcher 16 2C00 Mexican ....... 23
100 Challenge 20 1C0 Mexican , 24
EO0 Con Cal & Va.1 So 650 Ophir S9
100 Con Cal & Va.1 SO 200 Potcsl 08
60 Confidence ..... 75 100 Silver Hill 34
200 Crown Point.. .r 08 100 Silver Hill 35
300 Gould & Curry. 14 300 Silver Hill 38
600 Hale & Norcrs. 18 400 Yellow Jacket.. 19
600 Julia 01i
Following were the sales of the Papific Stock
Escnanze yesterday: . ~^
Mornins Session, j "f
COO Belcher 10 100 Ophir 89
100 C C & Va 1 £2»/i 300 Overman 05
200 Gould & Curry... IS 800 Sierra Nevada. \u25a0 in
100 Mexican 23 300 Yellow Jacket.. \u25a0»
100 Mexican 24;-
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Oct. 22—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Alpha — 02,Justice 03 04
Alta 02 03|Kentuck _ 02
Andes 04 06 Lady "Wash 01 — '
Belcher 10 12 Mexican 23 24
Best & Belcher 16 17 Occidental 04 05
Bullion — 05 Ophir-........:. 88 89
Caledonia 32 34 Overman 04 05
Challenge Con. 19 20 Potosl ...... 07 OS
Chollar 08 09 Savage ;.. 11 12
Confidence 75 80 Scorpion ....r.. — 04
Con Cal & Va.l SO 1 85 Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 18 19 '
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 35 36
Crown Point 07 08 St Louis ....... 03 — ;
Eureka Con 14 — Standard 3 85 —
Exchequer '— 01 Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry. 13 H Union Con...... 17 18
Hale & Norcrs. 18 19, Utah ........... 03 05
Julia — C2 Yellow Jacket.. IS 19
Second race, five and a half furlongs, sell
ing—Ogle won. Louis Wagner second, Lillian
M third. Time, 1:08%.
Third' race, seven furlongs, selling— Revoke
won. Grantor second. Boots third. Time.
1:28%. • . .
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Nettie Regent won, Felix Bard second,
Eleven Bells third. Time, 1:47V4.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Aline S
won. Kink second. Certain third. Time, 1:15.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Hilee won, Ed L second, Bengal third. Time,
1:08. . / '
First race, six furlongs, sellinj;— MIes Guido
won/' One More second, Lola Home third.
Time, 1:15. \u25a0 : . .
Free-for-all trot to waffon, amateur drivers,
prize silver cup, two heats— Mabel Onward won
two straight heats. S Time, 2:12, 2:11%. EUert
and Franker also started.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 22.— Fair Grounds sum
mary: '• . , -
2:08 pace, purse J3000— Dan Patch won three
straight heats. Time. 2:05, 2:05'^, 2:0S. Ha
zetta, Harold H. Major Muscovite, Will Ley
burn and Little Squaw also started.
• 2:20 trot, uurse ?1000 — Captor won three
straight heats. Time. 2:10, 2:12, 2:09^. Neva
Simmons, Leola and Dr. Price also started.
2:10 pace, $1000 (two heats)— Tom Nolan won
the third and- fourth heats in 2:0914. 2:11. Lou
Vaughan won the second heat in 2:09Vi. \u25a0 Fra
zer won the first' heat at 2:07 1 ,4. Don. Riley,
Saul, C. F. W., Theresa Wilkes, Gametta and
jDilly H also started. \u25a0
Sixth race, six furlongs— Kohnwreath • won,
The Eoer second.. St Cuthbert third. Time,
1:14 1-5.
MEMPHIS, Term., Oct. 22.— Trotting sum
mary:
Fourth race, mile. and a sixteenth, handicap
— Denman Thompson won, Federal second, Od
nor third. Time. 1:46 2-5.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Hopedale won. Red
Hcok second. Our Pride third. Time, 1:01 3-5.
» Second race, mile and a half— Valdez won,
Deloraine second. Sari lla third.. Time, 2:35 3-5.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — McChes
ney wyn, Gallantrie second, I. Samuelson
thrrd. Time. 1:C7.
Black mare I Imp Makes a Big Win
ning at Morris Park.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— The famous black
mare Imp won the fifth race at Morris Park
to-day, to the delight of the crowd. She waa
7 to 2 m the betting and ran. a fine race, going
the mile In 1:40 flat, one of the fast miles of
the meeting. Decanter, was the favorite, but
the best* he could do was to run third. Sum
mary: /
First race, selling, seven furlongs — Guesswork
won. Lucky Star second, ! Handicapper third.
Time. 1:29%.
Second race, about six furlongs— Keynota
won, Honolulu second, Josepha third. Time,
1:1014.
Third race, the Silver Brook selling, live and
a half furlong — Femosole won, Man cf "War
second, Eddie Busch third. Time, l:04»4. '
Vourth race, the Dixlana, one mile—Water
color won, Tom Kenny second. Dublin third.
Time, l:«aj. .
Fifth race, one mile — Imp won. St.' Finnan
second. Decanter third. Time. 1:40.
Sixth race, selling, one and a sixteenth
miles— Bowen won, Pledrich second, Blick
Dick third. Time, 1:47#.
CHICAGO, *Oct. 22.— Worth summary:
First race, six furlongs — Shut Up won, Lady
Contrary second, . Big Injun third. Time,
1:14 1-5.
RACES ON EASTERN TRACKS
STOCK MTD BOND EXCHANGE.
NEW HAVEN. Conn., Oct. 22.— Yale de
feated tlie Bates College eleven this af
ternoon in a game rendered spectacular
by the presence of more than 10,000 Yale
alumni, students and guests. The final
score was 21 to 0. Yale scored four
touchdowns, but only one was converted
Into a goal.
From the moment \u25a0 of the first scrim
mage it becam& evident that the same
surprising skill still remained in the great
players who had often brought victory to
Yale. Although they were soon puffing,
thwy were still in every play with a fire
and dash which amazed the spectators.
"Pa" Corbin, at center, was the same
great center as of old. Heffelfinger, at
guard, tore his way through the players
and into- the thick of it like a locomo
tive. Gordon Brown was a. counterpart.
Chamberlain and Murphy, at the tackles,
were Just as sturdy as ever, while at the
ends Josh Hartwell and Johnny Hall de
lighted the "crowds with the consummate
tactics of the end rusher. At quarter
McCormick was the same masterful gen
eral. McClung, on his first dash for the
end, resorted to that thrilling dodge
\u25a0which made him a marvel in the early
'90s. Brink Thorne was the same hurd
ling, plunging, implacable halfback, and
at fullback Butterworth brought
the days when the football world was as
tounded at his prowess as a line-bucker
and long, low-kicking fullback.
The old players soon began to feel the
effects of poor condition, however, and
substitutes began to go in. Corbin gave
way to Cutten, and Cross, Chadwick,
Armstrong, Ely, Sharpe and Hale went
in one by one. In spite of their, best
modern football the college team could
not score, however, and the final score
stood 12 to 0 in favor of the stars.
Yale Defeats Bates College.
"Walter Camp, the dean of Yale football,
was captain. Lined up with him were
"Pa" Corbin. F. Gordon Brown, Heffel
finger, Burt Chamberlain, former captain
and tackle, and Fred Murphy, also an old
captain and tackle. On the ends of the
line were Josh" Hartwell and Johnny Hall,
both peers In their positions. Behind the
line were Vance McCormick, former cap
tain and quarterback, and Ely, another
crack quarterback. In the halfback field
were McClung, the captain" of the fa
mous team of '91; Brink Thorne. another
captain and halfback; Broncho Arm
strong and Al Sharpe. At fullback were
Butterworth and the plunging Perry
Hale. Other former players of promi
nence on the field and in the kick-off line
were Harry Cross, a guard; Chad wick,
a tackle, and Cullen, a center.
Walter Camp kicked off, '•.mid tremen
dous cheering. The kick was a short
one and the college runner was quickly
clowned. The star team was then re
duced to eleven players, who lined up for
the first scrimmage^, as follows: Left
end, Hartwell; left tackle, Murphy; left
guard, Heffelfinger; N center,- Cprbin;
right guard, Gordon Brown; right tackle,
Burt Chamberlain; right end, Johnny
Hall: quarterback, Vance McCormick;
left halfback. Brink Thorne; right half
back, McClung; fullback, Butterworth.
Great Playing by Stars.
Camp Acts as Captain...
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Oct. 22.— Football
of an extraordinary, character was wit
nessed by the bl-centennial guests at
Yale field this afternoon^ when a team
composed of the most famous - stars
among Yale's former players lined up
against the substitute varsity eleven.
Despite the fact that they were undis
ciplined and unconditioned, the veterans
outplayed their younger rivals from start
to finish, and during the contest the
star's goal was never In danger,\ while
the old-timers succeeded in making two
touchdowns, both of which were con
verted into goals. The score in the first
half stood: Stars, 12; second eleven, 0.
The game was played immediately after
the regularly scheduled game between
the Yale varsity and Bates, and all of
the 12,000 spectators remained to witness
the old football against the new.
At the first Hne-up for the kick-off
there was a bewildering array of stars.
JSvery former Yale player of prominence
who had returned for the festival was in
football togs and all were lined up In a
sort of dress parade for the kick-off.
Twelve to Nothing the Score
in Struggle of Great
Interest.
Old Stars of Yale De
feat the University
Eleven.
VETERANS WIN
A FAMOUS GAME
A man. Is confronted with problems all
his life,-, but never solves any. of them till
he dies. %._u ; ; ;; ; ;>. ; . \u25a0 > •'\u25a0•• /; .
Harvard University Lectures
SSrlS^r--"—
HSS^v ssaisfeaB
wK^e^S™a^yof h i,,ectures
ARRIVED. .'\u25a0: V-V..
;-;".; Tuesday. October 22.
Stmr Pleiades, Smith. 4 days from Seattle. '
SAILED.
' Tuesday. 'October 22.
Etmr Del Norte. Green, .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNS END— Sailed Oct 23-Br ehi^
\u25a0Rattle Abbev. for Melbourne. \
SEATTLE-Sailed Oct 22-Stmr City of Se-|
nttle for Skasuay. f
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct S2— Stair Harrison, for
TiUamoo*. STEAMEKg _
NETW YORK— Arrived Oct 22— Stinf Crrtc.
from Liverpool: stmr Anc&orla, from MovSlle.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Maria One, in a complaint for divorce
filed yesterday.- alleges • that her husband,
Henry. One,- a laborer, has beaten her so
frequently that she has. been compelled to
remain at the City arid County Hospital
for treatment since October, 13.. She al
leges that on that date, at their home at
35 Laurel ayenue, Ohe: knocked her down
and kicked her so severely that she has
been unable to leave her bed since. Ey
reason of such beating she has been com
pelled to ; give her five children to the So
ciety''for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children;' as . she has been ; unable to at
tend-to them.— She asks for $20 a month
alimony.' • ".
Charges Husband With Brutality.
James Harris & Chate, Ltd., a corDora
tlon lol : London l. England^flled a complaint
yesterday in the United State* Ciro !,it
Court against the H. A. William* ~rE
pany of California to recover rw Com ;
sss&jgssaSs as I «r
FrulFCompany Sued for Damages
Tomra Horrid JR. r>V.-t.J T * , &»\u25a0»•
Francis Melbourne Greene, B. L., gave
his sixth lecture in the University of Cal
ifornia extension series at the Young
Men's Christian Association Auditorium
last evening, the subject being the last
half of Professor Greene's lecture on
"Renaissance Art in Italy." It was de
lightfully treated and although, as In the
former lectures given in this series the
detail was necessarily somewhat technical,
the clearness with which the subject was
handled brought it well within range of
the audience. The illustrations were prin
cipally from the masterpieces of Michael
Ar-eio and Raphael. On next Tuesday
the subject will be "Continental Illustra
tion" and on the succeeding Tuesday
'JEnglish Illustration."
Lecture on Art in Italy.
It is not expected that the Railroad
Commissioners will ' eo deeply into the
case to-day, but will, fix a date for the re
hearing of the case. •
The Railroad Commissioners will hold
a special meeting to-day to consider the
Bakersfleld transportation rate oil case.
The Commissioners rendered a decision in
reference to the matter three weeks ago,
ordering the Southern Pacific Company
and the Santa Fe Railway Company to
make a slight reduction in their charges
for the transportation of petroleum.
The railroad companies in return filed a
document protesting against this lower
rate. .
Commissioners at Special Meeting
Will Hear Arguments of Trans
portation Companies. .
EAKERSEXELD OIL OASE
COMES UP AGAIN TO-DAY
Tickets may be procured at the par
ochial residence, 1S20 Eddy street; Gal
lagher Bros., 15 McAllister street, and at
Native Sons* Hall on October 23 and 24
(b) "Luke," by Bret Harte
Mr. Leo Cooper
Flute -. Mlsa Ritzau
Piano Miss J. Grass
&-(a) "Come Here" Mr. Leo Cooper
The San Francisco Operatic Society will
render the comic opera, "The Spectre
Knight," at Native Sons' Hall on Thurs
day evening, October 24, in aid of Holy
Cross Church. Tha ca3t Is as follows:
Grand Duke Mr. A. P. Schleicher
Lord Chamberlain..,. Mr. E. M. Moore
Otho, another Grand Duke, Spectre
Knight Mr. Harry Wood Brown
First Lady in Waiting.Miss B. Rutherford
Second Lady In Waiting
Mrs.' Emily Parent
Viola Mrs. Alvina H. Wilson
Prior to the opera the following pro
gramme will be given: v r !; "
1— Overture. First California Regiment
2— "Violin 'solo... Mr. Hugo Poheim
3 — Humorous selections Mr. W. Hynes
4 — Serenade by the pupils of
Professor Ritzau
Cornet.... Miss Mary G. Welch
Cello.; .....Miss Grace M. "Welch
First violin. Miss Alma R. "Welch
Th.o Spectre "Knight.
, Thomas D. Itiordan appeared on behalf
of the city and county, and at his re
quest the matter, went over until Friday
of this week. A motion to admit Tsiiin
moto to bail was denied. -isuka-
Maguire & Gallagher allege on behalf
of their client that the ordinance deprives
persons of their liberty and pronertv
without due process of law and denies to
persons the equal protection of the laws
that the ordinance is unreasonable arbl'
trary and oppressive and permits' arbi
trary discriminations to be made between
persons engaged In lawful, harmless and
useful occupations. v .. rr"
The granting of such a privilege would sub
ject the residents and adjacent property own
ers to a serious nuisance in the shape of a so
called Japanese laundry, which would be In
jurious to the comfort of the residents of that
section, as well as deteriorate the value of
their property. ,;•,-- i>- _
George Tsukamoto, a subject of the
Mikado, Is determined to engage in the
steam laundry business in this city, even
though it may be necessary to call to his
aid the entire land and naval forces of
the United States to enforce his rights
under the national constitution. He has
taken one case to the United States Su
preme Court and has just started in to
serve a Police Court sentence of 100 days*
imprisonment for violating an ordinance
of- the Board of Supervisors prohibiting
the maintenance of steam engines and
-boilers within certain specified limits.
Tsukamoto was taken before United
States District Judge de Haven yester
day on a writ of habeas corpus petitioned
for by his attorneys, Maguire & Galla
gher. The petition-' recited that Tsuka
moto Aad / expended $6000 in outfitting a
modern steam laundry at the northwest
corner of San Jose avenue and Twenty
third street. In this city, and that the
Board of Supervisors had refused to grant
him a permit to carry on the business,
the Fire Department Committee of the
board having made the following report
upon his application:
The directors of the Camera Club stated
last night that they had made frequent
'complaints as to the inefficiency of the
elevator in the building and that early
last evening the machine was disabled and
the attendant had been warned . not to
carry too many passengers at one time.
There was a scene of excitement last
night in the Academy of^^Sciences build
ing, 819 Market street, when the elevator,
crowded with ladies, fell from the third
story to the basement. -,
The Ip.dies had left the rooms of the
California Camera Club, where an enter
tainment had been held, and entered the
elevator to reach the street. Dozens of
the club members -and their friends were
walking down the stairs when the acci
dent happened and they rushed to the aid
of those in the disabled elevator.
The crash of broken glass, mingled with
the screams of the ladies, attracted the
attention of persons on Market street and
a call was sent for an ambulance, which,
however, was not needed.
Mrs. L». D. Hitchcock was cut on the
head by broken glass and was removed to
her home by friends. Mrs. C.'E. Baldwin
and her daughter were severely jarred by
the fall and a number of* other fair pas
sengers suffered from shock.
Peter O'Eourke, a Mission hoodlum, ap
peared In • Judge Cabaniss' court yester
day on the charge of robbery. He was
instructed as. to his rights and the case
was continued till .to-day.
Edwin L. Eaton; gateman for the South
ern Pacific at the crossing, at Sixteenth
and garrison streets,' was beaten and
robbed by four men Sunday night on Six
teenth 1 street, between ilarrison and Bry
ant.-'They took $4 30 from him, all the
money he had-in.his pockets. O'Rourke
was arrested early - Monday morning and
was positively identified by 'Eaton as | one
of the men. who robbed" him. -.The police
expect to arrest the other three-men soon;
He Is Accused of Being One of Four
Men Who Held Up Edwin
L. Eaton.
O'ROTJBKE ARRESTED ON
CHARGE OF ROBBERY.
At a point on East street, which, Bardon
says was about two blocks from the ferry
building, the : hold-up occurred. He was
beaten into insensibility by two men while
a third robber went through his pockets
and took the money out of them. Bardon
lay where he fell until early yesterday
morning. When he recovered conscious
ness he. says he started up Market street
and spent the day looking about the city.
He suffered considerably from the effects
of the beating and having no money he
decided last night to seek the aid. of the
police. . . . » \u25a0 :;V-; v
Two weeks ago the boys reached Sac
ramento, after having tramped from tho
Atlantic shore. While there Kimball was
taken seriously ill and he was obliged to
go to a hospital. Bardon came here with
out his traveling partner and arrived .late
Monday night on an Oakland ferry-boat.
Being a stranger In the city he wandered
along East street in the direction of North
Beach. When the lads commenced their
journey they were given $100. Bardon had
but $5 left, of hia share when he stepped
from the boat.
After traveling nearly 4000 miles* on a
wager Claude Bardon, aged 17 years, was
held up and robbed of his last cent on
the water front Monday night. Bardon
appeared at the Central police station last
night and related the story of his ad
ventures, after which he was given lodg
ings in the prison. *
According to Bardon's story, he- and a
companion named Will Klmball started on
foot from Portland, Me., January l*last
and were to receive $1000 if they succeeded
in crossing the continent and returning
within a year. Bardon says he undertook
the trip because of poverty. His father
and his mother . perished with seventy
others in the wreck of the steamer Lady
Elder off the Maine coast tome -months
before. \u25a0:.---.
Tsukamoto Before Judge
6,e Haven on Habeas
, Corpus.
Youth Beaten by Thieves
After Walking From
the Atlantic, v
Several Ladie3 Hurt in
Academy of Sciences
Building.
LAUNDRY CASE
IN THE COURTS
OAKLAND, Oct. 22. — The two contest
ants for victory In the ring before tha
Reliance Club of this city to-morrow
night are in the best of condition, and
there is more interest in this event than
has been shown in any minor flght in
many months. It is felt that Mowatt
must make a good showing if he is going
to build up a reputation on this coast that
Is equal to his Chicago record, and Irwin
will have to do his best if he- is going to
maintain that which he already has.
Both men have been training hard and
are in first-class condition.
If Mowatt wins he will probably be
matched with Billy De Coursey in .Los
Angeles._an offer of $1000 having been
made for the match, so that this 13 an
additional inducement to make the flght
one that will be a record maker.
Contest That Carries With It a Great
Deal of Interest as to the
Result.
TOBY IB.WI3T TO TYTr'.KT
MOWATT AT RELIANCE
ROBBED AT END
OF LONG TRIP
"pinched." He therefore favored both
sides.
The teams played seven Innings and
thought they had done a day's work. Mc-
Quaid was caught off third and felt as
cheap as a policeman who had been dis-
ELEVATOR FILLS
THREE STORIES
covered off his beat. Hobi's playing was
bo bad that he feared to com© to bat
and face even the empty benches in< the
grand stand.
"Fatty" Kahn of the Emergency Hos
pital was present in a two-fold capacity.
Southern. Position. Central.
Harrison Kahn
Goodwin Pitcher Birdsall
Dolan First base Blynn
Hobi Second base Levings
Wilson Third base McGee
Cannon Shortstop Sheeban
Moriaritx. Left field Sullivan
McQuaid Center field Tult
Beamer Right field Evltt
He caught all the shoots sent over by the
graceful Mr. Blrdsall and was ready to
give first aid to the injured. Dave Sul
livan played to the grana stand, but when
a sniall boy told him to "Go aw-a-y back"
he felt sore. Levings and Sheehan shared
errors between them. The ball was so hot
that they dropped it every time it touched
their mitts. Pat McGee guarded the third
cushion, but fell aslep at the switch.
The small boy occupied a seat in the
press box and made life miserable for the
'"cops." He told them that they were a
band of lobsters and ought to be brought
up before the Commissioners for playing
"rotten" ball.
When the game was over the scorer
counted the nicks on the wall and an
nounced that the "Rough Riders" had
been defeated by the Central station
"push" by a score of 11 to 3.
The stars who shone In the baseball
firmament are the following named:
The premium list issued by the Oakland
bench show committee is one that should
draw the entries of all available .dogs.
The regular prizes are medals. In addi
tion valuable cupe will be offered as spe
cial prizes by the different specialty clubs
and individuals- ''•}'£.'
The superintendent of the show Is the
well-known fancier, John Bradsnaw, who
has -established an office at 36 Geary
street, where requests for entry blanks
and information may be addressed. The
bench show committee will consist of T.
Gregory, chairman; C. G. Hinds, secreta
ry; B. Bryon and John Bradshaw. Spe
cialists have been engaged to judge the
various classes. It is certain this will
have a tendency to draw a banner entry.
Charles R. Harker of San Jose will judge
mastiffs and St. Bernards, Frank Hall of
San Francisco will judge Great Danes, TV.
E. Chute of San Francisco will award the
ribbons to the winners in the hounds.
Dalmatians, pointers, setters and sport
ing spaniels, and L. A. Kline, formerly of
Guttenberg, N. J., will Judge all other
classes. Entries will close on November
23. The show will open on December 4 and
close on the 7th. Winners' classes are
opened in nearly all breeds, and the Amer
ican Kennel Club rules will govern.
At the meeting of the Pacific advisory
committee of the American Kennel Club
last week, the Oakland Poultry Associa
tion was elected a member of the Ameri
can Kennel Club. ".*•'
Medals and Valuable Cups for tho
\u25a0Winners in the Various Classes.
All Varieties Benched.
\u25a0LARGE ENTB.Y EXPECTED ,
POR OAKLAUD DOG SHOW
The fight between Pete McGee and
Fred Bell was brought to an untimely
end In the third round. McGee was
bleeding profusely from a cut over the
eye and was being gradually worn down.
His seconds threw up the sponge to save
him from unnecessary punishment. Mc-
Gee was surprised and angry when he
found the fight had ended In favor of
Bell and wanted to whip his seconds
Dick Cullen and Harry Forbes were the
first brace of boxers in the ring. They
went the full four rounds, Cullen getting
the decision on aggressiveness.
James Cromley lasted less than a min
ute with Joe Angell. Cromley was no
match for his opponent and waa knocked
down several times. He was Just able to
respond to call of time. He finally went
down and stayed down.
Barney Driscoll and Tom Ward went
four fast rounds, the former getting the
decision. Both were tired when the end
came. It seemed either man's fight up
to the last moment.
Frank McConnell, the clever feather
weight, fought Jimmie Little to a stand
still in half a round. He devoted all his
energies to Little's body and stopped him
finally with a right to the body.
Jack Welch had enough In one. round
with Frank George. He went down, in
tending to be counted out. The gong
sounded, much to his disgust, and he waa
carried to his corner. He had to fight
again, but made it as short as possible.
He went down Immediately and stayed
the limit. \u25a0 - •
The main event furnished the most
amusement. It was between "Bob" Moss
and "Dick" Glinke, two heavyweights.
The former won, although a draw would
have been a faJr decision. Neither could
box, but the proverbial kick of a mule
was not a marker to the blows each
could deliver. Wherever a glove landed
It left a mark. • £* \u25a0 \u25a0
The monthly {exhibition of boxing under
the auspices of the Bay City Athletic Club
at Mechanics' Pavilion annex last night
furnished all kinds of sport for the fol
lowers of the game. Of the seven fights
three were knockouts, three went the
limit, and In the remaining one the sec
onds of the man getting the worst of It
threw up the sponge. \u25a0\u25a0' > '
Young Prank McOonnell
Stop3 Little in. Two
Minutes. •
Bay Oity Club Contests
Furnish Exciting
Sport.
AMATEURS FIGHT
IN FAST BOUTS
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALIi, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1901.
Central Station Constellation" Rolls Up Big Score Against the Rough
-• Riders of the Southern Precinct— Remarkable and Somewhat
Humorous ExhibitiorT of the National Game Given Yesterday
STARS OF THE POLICE FORCE
GLIMMER ON THE BALL FIELD
10
DEATHS.
Continued JTrom Page Nine.
and Mir.a A.. Maj-paret L. and Jantea R.
pickle, a native of Kilblrnie. Scotland, ac*"*
K years 2 months sajid 3 days, (New York
papers please copy,)
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral Service*
to-day (Wednesday I, at 2 o'clock, at his
. late residence. 1155 Market etreet, Oak'.tui*.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
FARRIS— In Oakland, October 20. 1901, Homer
R., beloved son of Mrs. Harriet S. B. end th«
late Captain J. R. Farris, and brother of
Edward It. Farris.- a native of San Fran-
• Cisco, aged 26 years 11 months and 1 day.
ETTrienciS end acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attead the funeral services
. to-day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at tn<»
residence of Mr. Edward R. Farris. 1361
Market street. Oakland. Interment private.
FISHER— In tfaiii city, October 22. 190L Wil-
liam George, Infant 6on of Charles and Birdie
Fisher.
FOSTER— In this city, October 22. 1901, Alden
T., L-eloved husband of Mary Fo6ter. and
father of MJrs. C S- Engle, a native of
Watervllle, N. T., aged T3 years 2 months
and 17 dars.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafnen.
GHEENAWAT— In this city, October 21, 1901,
Ellen GreenaAvay. beloved mother of James
J., Timothy and John P. Thornton and Wil- \u25a0
liam Greenavay, a native of County Clare,
Ireland, aged CO years.
E^Bemains n.t the parlors of the Califor-
nia Undertaking Company, 405 Powell street,
pear Post.
HANDLEY— In thte city. October 21. 1901, Eliza
A., beloved wife of the late James H. Hand-
ley, and beloved mother of Mrs. Al B. God
and the late G«oree F. Grant, a. native of
Eangor,- Me. (Eangor, Me., pajiers please
copy.) S
ET'Fr'ends are respectfully invited "to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Wednesday), at 1
o'clock, from he*- late ret-I^ence, S22 Treat
avenue, between Twenty-first and Twenty-
eeeond streets. Interment private in Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
HAQUETTE— In this city. October 21, 1901.
August, beloved br.tfher of Ernest, Philip
and EmJle Haquette and Cedle Greppin, a
native of France, aged 51 year* and 11
months.
(ETTuneral to-day (Wednesday), from the
Church of Notre Dame des Victoin»s.
Bush street, where a requiem mass will b»
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment pri\a;.e.
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAKRIS— In this. city. October 21, 1901. Mary
Harris, beloved Bister of James and Thomas
Harris and Mrs. Catherine Doujrherty. a na-
tive cf County LeitrSm. Ireland, aged £3
years. (San Jose papers please copy.)
C'The funeral will take place to-day :
(Wedresday), at S:20 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking
Company. 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, where mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock sharp.
Interment private in Holy Cross Cemetery.
No flowers.
HOLM— In this city. October 21. 0901, Cather-
ine, beloved wife of Thomas R. Holm, and
mother of Thomas N. Holm and Mrs. M. A.
Tripg, a native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
C7"The funeral will lake place to-day
AVcdr.eFdaj ). at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
derce. 313 Stockton street, thenes to St.
llary"s Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
m&ES \u25a0will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Friends
ard acquaintances are respectfully invited to
attend the mass. Interment private in Holy
Cross Ometery.
KIRKPATRICK— In this city, October 22. 1901, !
Frank E. P. KirkDatrick. beloved husband
of Elizabeth M. Klrkoatrick, a native of
Boston. Mass.. aged 41 years.
E-^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company,
405 Powell street, near Post.
LAMAP.- In this city, October 22. 1901. Charles,
beloved husband of Amanda Lamar. a. na-
tive of Germany, aeed 65 years.
IX>VETT— In this city, October 20, 190L John,
beloved husband of Margaret Lovett, and
father of Charles H., John M., Thomas F.
and James D. Lovett, a native of Kenmare, I
County Kerry. Ireland, aged S9 years. (Bos- j
ton and LowcJl. Mass., and .Nashua, X # 11.,
papers please copy.) j
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:SO o'clock, from his late
residence. <£3 Minnesota, street, thence to St.
Teresa's Church, v.-here a requiem high mass
•will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing 1 et S o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
I/TNCH— In this city. October 20. 290L Peter,
beloved husband of Kate Lynch, and father
of May, Michael, Charles. Edna, Ada, Ar-
thur and Leo Lynch, a native of County
Clare. Ireland, aged 46 years.
CHIEFS and members of Monadnock Tribe
No. 100. Improved Order of Red Men. are
requested to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Peter Lynch, to-day (Wednesday),
from Ms late residence. 251 Eleventh street,
al 10:33 o'clock. Interraect Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. J- BYRNE, Sachem.
W. C. ROWLEY. C. of R.
McDONALI>— In this city, October 22, ' 19CL
Daniel Alexander McJDonald. a native of
Apple Hill, Canada, aged 55 years and 5
days.
McNAMZ^:— In this city, October 21. 1S01.
John, dearly beloved son of Sarah and the
late Patrick McNamee, and brother of
Thomas, Willie and the late Edward Mc-
Namee. Mrs. Maggie Hurray, Mrs. Rosa
Gibbons, Mrs. Sadie Gibbons and the late
Mrs. May Sutter, a native of San Francisco,
aged 26 years and 1 day.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 6:30 o'clock, from his late
residcr.ee, 516 Moultrie Etreet, near Cort'and
ayenue, thsnee to St. John's Church, Mis-
sion street, opposite St. Mary's avenue, for
fcervices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SIcNErLL— In tbis city. October 19. 13C1, Wil-
liam Francis, beloved son of William W. and
May McNeill. a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years and 19 days.
MATTSON— In this city, October 20, 1901. Eliza
Sophia Mattsin, dearly beloved daughter of
Karl and Emma Mattson. a native of San
Francisco, aced 11 months and £3 days.
CXFricnl? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, lroai the residence
of ber carentF, 2221 Twenty-second street,
between Vermont and Kansas streets. Inter-
mene Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MOULTON— la this city. October 21, 1901, Mrs.
Adahne V,'. Moulton, widow of the late ' Jo-
eiah Mc-!ton. and mother of Mrs. Charles '
H. Abbott. Mrs. Alex. Warner, Frank F. j
Uoulton and Mrs. A. A. Martin. !
U^TFTineral service? to-day (Wednesday), at 1
2 o'clock, at the residence of Charles H. Ab-
bott, 1«C2 Val'.ejo street. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
OGILVIE— In this city. October 21. 190L John. I
belrvoo husband of Catherine Oeilvie. and :
father of alary. Elizabeth. Annette, Jessie. :
Clara, Mabel, Georgina and Willis P. Ogil- !
vie, a native cf Scotland, aged 47 years and a
month?.
E7Frfeada and acquaintances are respect-"
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day :
< Wednesday*, at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dor.ee. 247 Parker avenue, off Geary street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
PATTOX— In this city. October 21, 1901. Jameg.
jeloved fcon of Edward H. and Margaret |
Fatten, and brother of Thomas, John, Ed- |
ward. Joaeph. Frank. Maggie, Bella and j
Jcsie Patron and Mrs. William Hannan, a j
native of San Francisco, aged 12 years 5
months and 11 days.
PEXDERGAST- In this city, October 22, 1911,
at his residence. S>51 Twenty-second street
Thomas Pendereast, husband of Mary Pen-
dergast, formerly of Cangor, Me., aged/74
years.
E7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
PRESSON— In this city. October 22, 19C1.
Georgre B. PlttMtm. beloved huFband of Marv
P. Preston, a native of Massachusetts, aged
56 years.
C7" Funeral notice later.
RAPHAEL— In this city. October 2L 190L
Lou's Ea-ohacl, beloved uncle of Otto Raph-
siel of WatK-mviljc-. Sarrta Cruz County, a
native of Germany, aged 77 years 11 months
and € da;s.
(CFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher )
13ANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALJIERS
26 Fifth rt.. rpposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
Alt. Olivet Cemetery,
fan Mateo County.
CFFXCC ©16 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
Ti and 23 Fifth et. Tel. South 167
FDKEEiL DIEECTOSS A1H) EMBALMER3.
EquirmentatModerate Raten
jAfflES mcginn,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS
£au>ucl UcFadden. IK year* manager for
the United Undertakers' Association- M. J
KcBrearty. with the came company for 10
years; P. F. Greon. late with J. C O'Connor
t* Co.. have cpeued new Funeral Parlors at
I1T1 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Telephone South 44.
CREMATION.
The Odd fellows' Cemetery Association
Point Lobo.K ave.. S. H., Cal.
The ordinance prohibiting; " burials in San
Francisco after the first day or August 190L
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither doea
Jt affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing less harmful to the living than the
aches cf their dead. — *\u25a0;
Permit* to cremate will be Issued toy tot
Board of Health the same as heretofore.-.
GEORGR R. FLETCHER. Manager*
to-day (Wednesday)* at 2:18 o'clock at the
parlors of Halsted & Co., 948 Mission street.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 3:30
o'clock train from • Third and - Townsend
streets. !;\u25a0'»-\u25a0
SAMMI— In this cltyt October 22, 1901, August
C. Sammi, beloved son of Henry and Cath-
arine H. Sammi, and brother of John It. and
Henry. C A. Samml, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 29 years 3 months and 5 days.
BULLIVAN— In Oakland. October 21. 1901,
James C;, beloved husband of Aenes Sulli-
van, and father of C. A., W-. J. and Agnes
M. Sullivan, a native of Ireland, aged 65
years;
THOMPSON— In this city v October 22t 1901,
Bridget, beloved wife of the late John
Thompson of Coultervllle, a native of Ire-
landi aced 78 years.
(ETRemains at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission Street-.
TREACY— In this city, October 20, 1901i Mar*
garet F... beloved daughter of John and Kata
Treacy, and sister of Thomas. John. James,
Katie. Ella and Josie Treacy» a native 01
San Francisco, aged 17 years 9 months and 23
days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9i30 o'clock, from the
parents' residence, 217 Dore street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
fcoul at 18 o'clock* Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WAGENER— In tliia city, October 20, 1E01,
Francis Otto, dearly beloved husband of the
late Amalia Wagener, and father of Emil,
Robert. Bertha^and Agnes Wagener, a native
of : Hamburg, German}', aged* '74 years 6
months and 5 days. (New York papers please
copy.)
t^Friends and acquaintances are reepect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day !
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl- ,
dence, 914 Devisadoro street, and thence to
Odd Fellows' Crematorium for Incineration.
WALTER— In this city, October 2L 1901, Anna
C. Walter, beloved mother of Oscar II. and
Joseph Walter, Mrs. A. A. Lewis. Mrs. V.
Phalon, Mrs. J. Elanger and Mrs. A. W.
Allen, a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged
65 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company,
405 Powell etreet. near Post.
WALTER— In this city, October 2L 1901. Mar-
tin Walter, a native of Switzerland, aged 34
j-ears 10 months and 20 days.
£3"Remains at Charles J. B. Metzler's un-
dertaking parlors, 6S6 Washington street.
A CARD OF THANKS.
Dr. J. W. HuDfeld and family wish to
thank their friends for the kindness shown to
them durins their bereavement.
CARD OF THANKS. ' •
The wife and children of the late Owen
Moyles hereby thank their many friends for
extending their sympathies in their late be-
reavement.Foreign Futures.
For the Stock and Bond Exchange
See Page Ten,
The Wool men are quoting 'a quiet but steady
market at unchanged : quotations. Hides con
tinue firm and in good demand, with moderate
stocks. Tallow is steady. Hops are quiet.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
There was a moderate volume of sales on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange. The
feeling was generally firm, though fluctua
tions we're not violent. Hutchlnson Sugar was
higher at J17 25@17 and Spring Valley Water
was firm at JS9 50. There were sales of Mar
ket-street Railroad at .t37&!>S and of Bank of
California at $406 5O&40S. There was nothing
new in the oil stacks.
In the afternoon Market-street Railroad de
clined to $S7 £2 %and Contra Costa Water to
$"6 50® 75 62%. Business was quiet.
The Union Oil Company of Los Angeles has
just paid a ' quarterly dividend of $1 33 per
share, equal to 5.4 per cent per annum on the
face value of 7.2 per cent on the market price.
The dividend . amounts to $133,GC0. * . ,
The Red Baiik Oil assessment of 2c was de
linquent oh the Exchange yestorday.
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Company will
pay the usual quarterly dividend of 3 per cent
this r.:cnUi. .
The Stockton Gas and Electric Company paid
the usral quarterly dividend of 30c per share
thin rr.fnth.
The Alaska-Treadwell Mining Company will
pay a quarterly dividend of 37%c per share, or
$75,000, on the 2fith.
STOCK MARKET.
COTTOLENE— One " half-barrel. 10%c- three
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce, 10%c; two tierces
10c; five tierces. 9%c per lb. \u25a0\u25a0>--
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy, 12%@13c for light medium, 14c for light.
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured.
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14c; California
Hams, 13%c; Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family. $12 50; Prime Mess Pork
$15; extra* clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef
14c per pound. . . '
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8c per lb for
compound and 12c for pure; half -barrels, pure
12%c; 10-lb tins, 12%c; 5-lb tins, 12%c; 3-lb tins'
12c. - -~,
Provisions were steady at Chicago, but the
outlook there is not bullish, as the market
goes down every day or two and never gets
back again. Hogs are lower at Chicago, and
while receipts at the moment are moderate
there are plenty in the country ready to be k
shipped in at short notice. I
This market shows little change, though few*
dealers now ask 14%c for Hams, the tendency
in these goods being rather downward. Lard
Is neglected and weak and Bacon is none too
firm. It looks as if the boom in cured meats
had had .its run. . Barreled goods stand as
before. >
Provisions.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. OCTOBER 22.
Flour, qr »ks 21.140|Hops, bales 13f
Wheat, ctls 115,706!Buckwheat, ska.. Jl
Barley, ctls 119. 041 1 Powder, car Jr-l
Oats, ctls 2.3.">0 1 Lime, bbls 91
Beans, sks 13,095! Sugar, ctls 8,338
Rye. ctl3 2801 Tallow, ctls 271
Potatoes, sks ... 1,590 Wine, gala 34,400
Onions, sks 50 Leather, rolls ... 4S
Bran, sks 450 1 Quicksilver, flska 152
Hay. tons 445 Hides, No 35«
Wool, sks 11S| Pelts, bdls 105
Straw, tons 22
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening , 5 8^ 5 10
Closing 5 8% 5 9%
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening.... ...20 90 22 00
Closing 20 90 22 00
\u25a0.Flour— •
Opening 26 90 27 90
Closing 26 S3 28 00.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— Special telegraphic a'nd
cable communications received by Bradstreet's
show the following changes in available sup
plies since last account: - -
Wheat— United States and Canada east of
Rockies. Increased, 2,500,000 bushels; afloat for
and in Europe, decreased, 200,000 bushels. To
tal supply increased. 2,300,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decreased 484,000 bushels. :
Oats— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increased 447,000 bushels.
California Fruit Salesy > u:
NEW YORK, Oct. 2l— The Earl Fruit CCm
pany sold California fruit to-day: Grapes—To
kays, single crates, 85c@$l 63, average $1 19;
clusters, single crates, $1 60®2 35. average $1 77;
Cornichon, single crates, $1 75(S1 96, average
$1 66. Pears— Clairgeau, boxes, $2 50@2 SO, aver
age |2 65; G. Morceau, boxes, 52 55<ta;2 95, average
$2 82. Quinces— boxes, : average $1 75. Twelve
cars sold to-day; weather. dry and cool.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit to-day: Grapes— Muscats,
single crates, $1 25@1 45, average $1 44; Tokays,
single crates, $1 15@1 55, average |1 42; double
crates .average $2 55. Prunes— Italians, single
crates, S0c@$l, average 89c. Seven cars sold to
day: weather dry and cool.
BOSTON, Oct. 22.— The Earl Fruit Company
to-day realized the following prices at their
sale of California fruit at auction; Grapes-
Muscats, single crates, 90c@$130, average $1 19;
Tokays, single \u25a0 crates, 90c@$2 05. average { 1 57.
One car sold to-day. Favorable weather
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 22.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit here to-day at
auction and realized the following prices:
Grapes— Tokay, single crates, -90c@$l 55, aver
age $130; Clusters, single crates, $1 50®2 05,
average $1 84. Two . cars sold to-day. Weather
favorable.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day: Morceau, $130
@1 65. average $1 61; P. Barrys, $1_2O©1 25,
average $121; Moroccos, $1; Tokays, 80c@$l 40,
average H 07; Muscats, 60<S2$l, average 84c
double crates, $1 80«?l 85, average $1 83; Cornl
chons, $1 35; Verdels. 70c@$l. average 78c; as
sorted. 92 10: Emperors,. $1 05; clusters, S2 30-
E. Buerre, $1 30; Vicar, $1 45. . Quinces— $2. -per
simmons—$1 35. Twelve cars sold, to-day
weather favorable." \u25a0\u2666
' Eastern Livestock Market. ;
CHICAGO, Oct. 22. T CATTLE-Recelpts, 8OO0;
steady, but slow. . Good to prime steers,^nom
inally ?S 25@6 85; poor - to \ medium, . $3 75@6f
stockers and feeders, .$2 25@4 25; cows,- $1@4 65;
heifers, $2 50@4 75; canners. " $1@2 25; 'bulls $1 75
@4 50; calves, |3@6 50; Texas fed. steers, $2 SO®
3 80; Western steers, $3 65@5 35. ,: ,
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 28,000; 10@15c lower;
closed active. Mixed and butchers',- $5 90©
6 47%; good to choice heavy, $5 40<R)6 50; rough
heavy, $5 50@5 90; light. $5 85@6 07%; bulk of
sales. $5 90®6 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 22,000; sheep steady to 10c
lower; lambs, steady to 10c "lower. . Good' to
choice wethers, $3 50@4 ; fair to choice - mixed,
The Weather and Crops.
Th» weekly report of A. G. McAdie, section
director of the climate and crop service of the
weather bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
Nearly normal temperatures have prevailed
in £.11 sections during the week. The days
have been generally clear and warm and the
nights cool, with heavy fogs along the coast.
Light sprinkles of rain have occurred in seme
sections.
The grain and hay crops are mostly under
cover, except in portions of the southern coast
counties where work is progressing rapidly.
The warehouses are well filled and heavy ship.
ments are being made. Bean harvest con
tinues, though somewhat retarded by fojjs;
there will be an unusually large crop of the
email white beans in seme sections. An im
merse crop of celery is being raised in the peat
bogii along the Santa Ana River in Orange
County. "Woolly breeches." a weed with tough
\u25a0wooiy stem, is giving some trouble in the
elfalla fields on sandy soil in the San Joaquin
Valley. Irrigation water is plentiful. '
Rt.isin curing progressed rapidly during the
wee* and v/ill be completed within a few
dayji if conditions continue favorable. The
yiel<i is probably below average, but qualitv
excellent. Wine and »table grapes are being
Katfered and going to market and the wineries.
Apples are abundant and of good quality.
Oranges are in 6ulendid condition and large
crops are expected. Shipments from OrovIUe
will commence in about ten days. Olives are
turning and picking will commence soon.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.— Heavy fogs
hav« prevailed along the coast, somewhat re
tarding bean harvest, but in other respects
conditions have been favorable for all lata
crops. Grape picking continues in Napa and
Sonoma counties. Fruit drying is progressing
Apples are yielding a heavy crop. Citrus
fruius are doing well. Grain thrashing and
hay baling are not yet completed in the south
ern coast counties and every effort is being
made to secure thete crcps before the rainy
season. Corn harvest has commenced in eome
places; the yield is rather light. New grass
neecs rain. Cattle are in good condition
Plotdng and seeding are progressing in some
sections.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.— The weather has
beer warm and pleasant during the week, with
cool rights and very favcraWe for fruit dry-
Ing. Deciduous fruits and grapeg are nearly
all gathered. Tree pruning is progressing in
com; orchards. Orange Ehipments from Oro
ville will commence about November I; the
crop if reported of much better quality than
last season's. Olives are turninj and picking
will commence within a few days; the crop
will be considerably heavier than that of last
eeatcn. Grain and hay are mostly under cover
though large shipments are etlll being made!
Young feed has made a good start. Rain would
be «ery beneficial.
SAN JOAQCIN VALLEY.— Warm <Jays and
cool Rights have prevailed during the week.
There was a light sprinkle of rain on the 17th.
but raisins were not injured. Conditions have
been generally favorable for raisin-making end
the croi> will be out of dancer in a few days.
Lanje shipments of grapes' are being made to
the wineries arfd table era.t>es and figs are
moving to the markets. Citrus fruits are in
good condition. Grain and hay are mostly
unfisr cover. Plowing is progressing in some
aectlone, but will not be general until the raina
begin. Some farmers are sowing wheat. Corn
and potatoes are yielding fair crops. Irriga
tion water is plentiful. A weed with tough
woody etem, known as "woolly breeches," has
&I>;x?ar*d in some alfalfa fields on Handy Bull
in I"r»sno County.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— The weather
has been generally clear during the day, with
heavy fogs at night. There was a trace of
rain ln some sections on the 16th. Bean harvest
is rrogressing. though somewhat retarded by
fogs, and will not be completed till November;
the yield will be considerably above average
ln fcanta Barbara County and the quality ex
cellent. A correspondent at £anta Maria esti
mate that the yield of small white beans in
that vicinity will be 150,000 sacks. There will
be an immense crop of celery alone the Santa
Ana River in Orange County. Walnut harvest
Is progressing; the crop of soft-shells at Ana
helm will exceed early estimates. Oranges are
la excellent condition and It is estimated that
the yield will be fully equal to la«t season's.
Haifin-makini continues. ' —' .
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Bean thrashing
\ie in full operation, but delayed in iome sec
tion;! by fog. Crop turning out better than ex
pected. Weather not favorable for raisin dry-
Ing. Some oranges are being picked for early
market
\u25a0 EUREKA SUMMARY.— Good grain weather.
Eery rain, followed by abnormally faigh tem-
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's .London financial cablegram says:
There .was no business or feature, in the stock
market to-day. American shares stuck at the
lower level, although they hardened* slightly
in the street after the close of business. Rio
Tintos relapsed and Amalgamated Copper sold
down 1 to 48 and Anaconda' 3-16 to 7%. Gold
to the amount of £299,000 has been withdrawn
from the market for Germany and £109,000 has
gone to the Continent. The price. has hardened
to 77s ll%d. - - • N . :
f CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 22.— Anaconda. 7%; Atehiaon
79%; Atchlson preferred. 99»,i; Canadian Pacific'
112>4; Denver and Rio Grande, 44%; Denver and
Rio Grande preferred, 94; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 106%; Southern " Pacific, 61; Union Pa
cific, 101%; Union Pacific preferred, 90% Bar
silver, weak, 26%d. Money, 1@1«4 per cent
Nezu York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— Money on call closed
rather firmer at 3@4 per cent; last loan. 3% per
cent; prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent.
Sterling Exchange was strong, with actual
business in bankers' • bills at $4 86%@4 86% for
demand and at $4 84@4 85 lee ef\ty days.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— Waiting on the North
ern Pacific settlement best describes the con
dition of to-day's stock market. As the convic
tion is general that the final steps in the set
tlement must await the presence in this city of
J. P. Morgan and as that gentleman was re
ported still in the Norhwest on his return
across the continent, the outlook for immedi
ate activity in the stock market wa« not prom
ising. Whether any significance attaches . to
the fact that out of the Northwest came the
influence which moved the stock market to
strength and activity late in the day can only
be surmised. There was no clearly defined ex
planation of the movement, but it grew and
spread from the Chicago and Northwestern
stocks and embraced the principal railroads in
the Northwest and the Vanderbilts all the way
to the seaboard. Northwestern itself rose an
extreme 6 points, the preferred 10, Chicago, St.
Paul, Minneapolis and Omaha 10. the preferred
13. Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul 3 and
the preferred 4%. Considerable sympathetic
effect was produced by this at the last," result
ing In advances of as much as a point in some
of the Pacifies, grangers and half-priced spe
cialties. New York Central and the so-called
Junior Vanderbilta advanced 1 to 1%.
An impression has gone abroad that the de
velopment pending in the Vanderbllt system
is to take the form of a melon-cutting for the
benefit of Lake Shore. The recent increase in
the valuation of subsidiary stocks held in its
treasury provides material for an extra 'dis
bursement, which would operate Indirectly, to
the benefit of New Y/rk -Central. The pamph
let reports from the! Great Northern Rallway>
notwithstanding thV ar g e decrease in net earn
ings reported as * result of laet year's spring
wheat shortage/contained so nattering an ac
count of the general conditions in that region
and the large movement of immigrants thither
that it was an important influence in the rise
of all the Northwestern railroads. Great
Northern preferred itself fell 1% at first, owing
to the 6howing of net earnings, but recovered
with the late movement in the group. There
was continued speculation ln Amalgamated
Copper, the stock receding early on the decline
in raw copper in London, and the further
spread of futures below that for spot, indicat
ing the expectation of a coming fall in prices.
Amalgamated Copper, however, recovered with
the late buying movement in the market. Large
lending of money on call, coming from the
banks affiliated with the Standard Oil patty,
was interpreted by the speculators as an Indi
cation that the recent attitude of opposition
to a cpeculative advance by that party had
been modified.
The banks received payments for an addition
al half-million of gold at Pacific Coast points
and there were reports that the movement of
currency to the South was declining, .although
$275,000 was deposited at the eub- treasury for
transfer to New Orleans. From a money stand
point the further violent rise in foreign ex
change was not reassuring. There seems to be
something like a rush of cotton this week to
export points, but this has not had the slight
est influence ln checking the advance in ex-
EASTERN MARKETS.
PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's. 5%@5%c; 40-50's, 4%@5c: BO-BO'S, 4%@
4%c; 60-70' s. 3%<g4c: 70-80' s.. 3Vi@3%c; 80-90's, 2%
@3c; 90-100's. 2Vi@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy, $175; 4
crewn, $1 60; London Layers— Three-crown,
$1 20; two-crown, $1 10. Price per lb: Stan
dard loose Muscatels — Four-crown, 4%c; Three
crown, 4Vsc; Two-crown. 3%c; Seedless Mus
catels. 4V4c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless. 6%c; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy. 8%c;
choice, 7%c; standard. 6%c; prime. 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c Bleached Thompsons-
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c; stan
dard. 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded. 6%c;
choice seeded, 5%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8@12%c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell. 9%c; No. 2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshell. 9c:
No. 2. 7c; Almonds. 133214c for papershell. 10
Sllc for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts. 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12V4c;
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10®
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted,
5@t>c: light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.
PEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb.
The San Jose Association has again reduced
the price of last year's Prunes, this time from
3o to' 2%c for the four sizes, the object being
to clean up the old Prunes before the new crop
is placed on the market. A good many of the
new Prunes have already passed out of grow
ers' hands. These continued cuts on the part
of the association are lowering the market for
the new crop. The demand is slow. In this
respect, however. Prunes are no worse off than
the other fruits, all being dull, both here and
in the East. Raisins continue unsettled, owing
t6 the differences between the factions at
Fresno. Nuts are quiet and there is no especial
call for Honey.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7@S%c for Royals and 8@
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 5%@7c; sun-dried, 3%@4%c;
Peaches, 5@7%c: Pears, 4@8c; Plums, pitted,
3%@5c; unpitted, l@2c: Nectarines, 5©6c for
red and 5%<g6%c f or white; Figs, 3@3%c for
black.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries. 14@21%c; Dairy,
13.W19C. Cheese. 9%@10%c. Eggs, firm; fresh,
18@18%c. . . .:
Articles— RccPipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 37,000 25,0,10
Wheat, bushels 238,000 227.000
Corn, bushels 276,000 356,000
Oats, bushels 297,000 343,000
Rye. bushels 137,000 -1,000
Barley, bushels 141,003 4S,oao
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days...... — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight.'. — 4 S7H
Sterling Cables — 4 8SVi
New York Exchange, sight — 7ii
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10 "
Silver, per ounce — 57%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 47%
\ Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Some spot chartering is
being done at 33s &d, usual options. The char
tered wheat fleet in port has a registered ton
nage of 79,250,. against 33,830 tons on the same
date last year; disengaged, 20,620 tons, against
1608; on the way to this port, 206,49a tons,
against 161,153.
WHEAT— The foreign markets are showing
Ies3 firmness, notwithstanding the damage to
the Argentine crop, which, according to private
cables, will amount to 50 per cent in the prin
cipal Wheat provinces. The weather continues
bad and further damage is feared. Bradstreet's
gives the following estimate of the stock on
hand: East of the Rockies, an increase of 2,
500,000 bushels; Europe and afloat, a decrease
of 200,000; total net increase, 2,300.000 bushels. ,
Chicago opened dull and a shade lower on ca
bles. The movement in the Northwest is not
what had been expected, and the elevator peo
ple think that it will not be realized, and that
the crop in North Dakota has been overestl
i mated.
' In this market there was considerable doing
in December at lc advance, but May showed
no change. Shipping grades were unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 06Vic; milling, 9S?4c@
$1 02% per ctl.. :
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls 99c; 2000, '99HC; 6000, 09}4c. May— 8000,
*1 03%. )
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 99c; 2000,
99Vfcc; 8000, 99»4c. May— 10,000, $103%.
Regular Morning Sessiop— December— 6000
ctls, 99%c; 12,000, 99%c; 400D, 99%c; 16.000, 99%c.
Afternoon Session— December— 14,000 ctls,
S9%c. May— 12,000, $104>i: 14,000. $104%. .
BARLEY — The market Is steady and the cur
rent chartering of vessels to load either wheat
or barley encourages the hope that shipping
grades will be in better demand from now on.
The decline in ocean freights is expected to
stimulate the export demand. Quotations
stand the same.
Feed, 72%@73%c for choice bright. 70(3>7Hic
for No 1 and 67%c for off grades; Brewlrtg and
Shipping grades, 77%@82%c; Chevalier, 95c@
?1 05 per ctl. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — Receipts are ample and offerings are
large and in excess of the demand at the mo
ment. There is no weakness, however, as there
is a certain seeding inquiry which consumes
more' or less stock, not to mention the regular
consumptive demand ; and the occasional Gov
ernment contracts. \u25a0
Grays, $l@l 20: whites, $1 15@1 30; black. $1®
1 20, and red, $1 05@l 20 per ctl.
CORN— Arrivals of tho new California crop
are increasing right along and buyers are
holding off ln hopes of getting lower prices,
which tends to make the market weak. Large
yellow is quoted at $1 50; small round yellow.
fl 50@f 60;. Eastern white, in bulk. ?1 67%@1 70
Pe RYE-^-Offerings are free and the market Is
weak at 73@76Wc.per ctl
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal; none ln first hands.
Flour and Millstuffs. .
FLOUR— California • Family " Extras, $3 23<g)
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 23:
Oregon, ' ?2 5C@2 75 per barrel for family and '
$2 73@3for bakers'; Washington bakers'. $2 75
©3. • ' -
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal *2Ed| Rice Flour. $7; Com Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5: Hominy.»$4
<??4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4(5/4 25: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour,
$3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85(SS35; in sacks,
$6 50@8: Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, ?5r Green
Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
. - Hay and Feedstu ffs. >
Receipts of Hay fell off sharply yesterday,
being only 445 tons. The market was firm at
the recent advance, with a quick demand for
all arrivals. There was no further chanee in
BRAN- $20@20 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20 5C@21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@2S: jobbing, $28 50
©29: Cocoanut Cake, ?20@21; Corn Meal. $34®
34 50; Cracked Corn, .$31 50<g 35; Mixed Feed, $13
619. .
HAY-'Wheat, $9(S12; Choice, $12 50; Wheat
and Oat, $8 50iS>ll 50 ; Oat, $S@10; Barley and
Oat, $7@9; Alfalfa, $S@10 50; Clover, $5 E0@7;
Volunteer, $5<g8; Stock. $5@7 per ton.
STRAW— 30@45c per. bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Every kind 'of Bean was quoted lower yester
day,'\u25a0'Receipts .were extremely large, 1 being 15,-
v Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 66@69%c;
No. 2 red, 71%c; No. 2 corn, yellow. 56%c No. 2
oats. 36c: No. 2 white. 3S@38Hc; No. 3 white,
37W®38V4c; No. 2 rye. 55%<f£>53%c; fair to choice
malting barley,- 54@5Sc; No. 1 flaxseed. North
western, $1 52; prime timothy seed, $5 60@5 65,
mess pork, per barrel, $13 70@13 75; lard, per 10)
pounds, $9 10^9 20; short ribs. sides (loose), ?S 20
@S 33; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 SO@S 90; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 30.
LOCAL MARKETS.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 35@50c per box; Canta
loupes, 50cf??l per crate; Watermelons, $5@15
pe*r 100.
GRAPES— Sweetwater, 23@40c per box and
crate; Tokay. 23865c; Muscat, 25<g65c; Black,
25@65c; Isabella, 65c; Cornichon, 5U@75c; Wine
Grapes, J27S32 per ton for Zinfandel and $23
for White.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. 75c@$2 for com
mon, $3 25@3 73 for good to choice, and $4@4 25
for fancy; new Navels. $4g4 50; Lemons, $1@
1 25 for common and $2(33 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, |1 50@4; Mexican Limes, $6©7;
Bananas, 75c@$l 50 per bunch; Pineapples, J4@5
per dozen.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 25<565c for ordinary.
PLUMS— 50@65c per box.
PEACHES— Late Clings. $1 per large box;
peaches in carriers, 80c@$L
POMEGRANATES— 50c@$l sO per box.
PEARS— Winter Pears. 50c@?l 25 per box.
• QUINCES-40@65c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 75e&$l per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $6@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3<f£4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3<S4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— ? per che3t.
RASPBERRIES— $4@5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 5@7c per lb. '
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $9 50 per barrel;
Coos Bay, $2 50@3 per box.
FIGS— ?1@1 25 per box for black and for
white.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
The season for summer fruits is drawing to a
close and a heavy, rain would about wind it up.
Grapes are the leading kind now and are sell
ing fairly at good prices. Arrivals of Peaches
and Plums are insignificant. Apples and Pears
are in sufficient supply at quotations which
have ruled for some time. Melons are bring
ing satisfactory prices. Quinces have not va
ried much in price for quite awhile.
Citrus fruits are as previously quoted. Ar
rivals of Oranges are slowly Increasing.
There are few Cranberries on the market and
the feeling continues firm. !
\u25a0 Three cars of New Orleans Bananas have ar
rived.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Articles— \u25a0 Open. High. Low. Close.
- Wheat No. 3—
October 69% 69% \u25a0 69% 63»i
December- 70% 70% . \u25a0 70Vi . 70%
May 73% 74 73% \ 74
Corn \u25a0 No. 2 —
October 53% 54 53% 54
December 05% 55% ' ; '• 55 . oSU
May BS14 5Sft 57% 57%
Oats No. 2—
October ' 34V.
December 35 1 ,* 35Vs . 35 35%
May 37% 37% 37^4 37'/*
\u25a0 Mess Pork, per barrel-
January : 14 97% 15 05 14 97% 15 02%
May ;.15 02% 15 10 15 02% 15 05
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May :.... 8 90 8 95 8 90 8 95
October 9 20 9 20 9 10 9 10
November ...9 10 9 15 .9 02% D 02y.
January 8 90 8 92% 8 90 8 90"
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
October *. 8 25 8 30 8 25 8 25
January . . 1 7-75 7 80 7 75 7 80
May 7 85 7 90 7 85 7 90
"New prunes are harder to get at a 3c basis.
Quite a number of care of 40-jQs and 50-<>0s
have been sold at that figure recently, it is
understood."
"The scarcity of loose raisins on the spot was
relieved somewhat by further light arrivals
from the coast, quotations being 6c for 2
crowfi, 6Vic for 3-crown and 7c for 4-crown.
Coast seeded. 1300 packed, are offered on spot
in cartons as low as 7V4c. New lla'.aeas are
in fair request, loose Muscatels being well
cleared up temporarily.
Mill advices from New Tork say: "The chief
feature of interest yesterday in the dried fruit
trade was the naming of prices on new crop
Penuan dates, direct shipment per steamer
Tabaristan, which, according to her receiver,
is due next week. The quotations named. 3Vic
for Hallowi, CUc for Khadrawi and 3%c tor
Sair. are about %c under last year's opening
figures and are regarded as moderate. A large
part of the cargo, it is understood, has been
sold subject to price. There is a report that
anoiher direct date steamer is coming to an
other receiver and that this vessel will arrive
about the same time as the Tabaristan, but
very "tl'.e is known about it. New dates, via
London, expected early next month, are offered
from 3%'£3%c ior\Hallowi, 3%Q3Vic for Kha
drav.-i and 2%Q3c f'of-Sair.
'Currants are firmer ancTtulrly active, though
orders for the most part are for small lotb.
Cleaned are in good request, but prices are
rathir irrecular. The James Turpie. with a
good quantity, arrived yesterdty. Jfhe sailed
from Patras September 20.
"The raisin situation in California is ftill
very much mixed and the trade is as much,
if not more, at sea. than ever. There is more
talk of higher prices, however, and there are
some Intimations of a price on association fancy
seeded of 7c, f. o. b. coast. Outside packers
are quoting 4-^c, 5c and 5%c f. o. b. coasl,
for 2. 3 and 4 crown loose Muscatels, but gocxls
now in transit were offered yesterday at Vic
unde- these figures.
Cured Fruits in New York.
BUTTER— Creamery, 27%®28c per lb for
fancy and 25@27c foj seconds; dairy, 18@25c;
store . Butter, 15@17c per lb; Creamery Tub,
22%c: Pickled Roll, 19@20c; Keg, 18@19c per lb.
CHEESE— New, ll%@12c; old, 10%c: Young
America, 12%@13c per lb: Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 3S@40c for selected large. So
@37%c for good to choice and 32%<g34c for fair;
store, 22(@25c per dozen; cold storage, 21@25c;
Eastern, 18@-24c.
Butter continues weak and dull at the de
cline noted on Monday, and there is altogether
too much on the market, -especially as the
public has become habituated to the use of
the cheaper packed goods. The northern steam
ers are bringing in large lots of Humboldt
creamery, which do not clean up.
Stocks of Cheese are ample for the demand
and quotations stand about the same.
Eggs have not changed for sorje days. They
are in ample supply and the demand is hard
ly sufficient to keep stocks from accumulat
ing.
Receipts were 16,300 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter. 469 cases of Eggs,
cases Eastern Eggs, 6700 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese and lbs Eastern Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
\u25a0X— \u25a0 ; *
CHICAGO, Oct. 22.— There was little," news of
European business in wheat at the outset and
December, wheat opened unchanged to a shade
higher at 70%@70%c on steady cables. The trade
was largely local with'no early reports of ex
ports. Conditions were ready, therefore, fop a
&lump in prices when a sharp decline began in
corn. Following this influence December wheat
sagged off to 7UV4@V0%c. ' Primary receipts had
also increased considerably, but these factors
toward lower prices were soon overbalanced by
renewed reports of drought damage to the crop
of Arcentina. Under this influence December
regained its early loss and sold to 70%(Ji)70%c,
though there was nothing like any active trade.
Continental cables Jailed to respond to the
Argentine news and December closed only
steady, a shade higher, at 70%@70%c.
Corn gave way early under a renewal of the
selling that set in yesterday, but recovered
sharply on an oversold market. December
closed weak, %c depressed, at 53V4@35V4c.
1 Oats had a dull and narrow market. Decem
ber closed steady unchanged at 35%c.
Provisions ruled easy on a large supply \u25a0 of
hogs and a resulting lower hog market. There
was a recovery toward the close of the session
by covering for shorts, 'tut the cash demand
was sluggish and January pork closed 7%c
lower, lard 7%c down, ribs 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Weather Report. ,
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) :
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 22, 1901-5 p. m.. ;
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours:
Last 24 This Last
Stations— , Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 00 4.31 5.14
Red Bluff 00 1.93 3.05
Sacramento 00 0.56 1.02
San Francisco 00 0.S2 1.43
Fresno 00 0.57 0.44
Independence CO 0.77 0.84
San Luis Oblspo .00 0.28 1.93
Los Angeles 00 0.12 0.26
San Diego 00 0.06 0.30
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
S2; minimum, 60; mean, 71.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston, 5S-44; Cincinnati, 72-44; Washington,
70-40; Jacksonville, 78-62; New York, 60-48;
Kansas City, 82-56; Omaha, 78-52; Duluth, S0-50j
Salt Lake City, 68-48; Chicago, 74-56; St. Louis,
72-54; Philadelphia, 66-46.
THE COAST RECORD.
station. 3 PlPKii f o %
2. : C; - • o zrn S
a \u25a0 3 . 2 : 3 o t»
"\u25a0 z . \u25a0 <-\u25a0• r 1 - t
: : : : : 3
Astoria 29. S8 70 58 SW Cloudy .0
Baker 30.06 72 40 SE , Clear .0
Carson 30.02 76 34 NW Clear .0
Eureka 29.88 60 50 NW Clear .0
Fresno 29.84 SO 52 S Clear .0 i
Flagstaff 30.20 46 42 E Rain .12
Pocatello, Idaho... 30.12 74 38 S Clear .0
Independence 29.94 76 4S SE Clear .0
Los Angeles 29.90 S2 66 NW Pt Cldy .0
Phoenix 29.96 76 C6 S Clear T.
Portland 29.86 78 52 SE Clear .0 j
Roseburg 29.84 78 50 W Clear .0
Red Bluff t 29.9") 84 54 SW Clear .0
Sacramento 29.84 ES 62 W Clear .0
Salt Lake 30.10 74 48 SW Pt Cldy T.
SanFranctsco 29.90 82 62 W Clear .0
San Luis Obispo.. . 29.92 S4 52 S Clear .0
San Diego 29.90 iS 68 SW Clear .0
Seattle 29.86 80 48 W Clear .0
Spokane.. 30.04 72 44 E Clear .0
NeahBay 29. S6 64 4S SW Clear .0
Walla Walla 29.98 72 48 SW Clear .0
Winnemucca 29.98 74 42 NE Clear .0
Yuma 29.90 80 66 NE Clear T.
Temperature — 7 a. m., 60 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly along the
coast from Cape Mendocino northward. Condi
tions are such that a disturbance may come in
at any point on the coast with little warning.
A storm of the Sonora type prevails over South
ern Arizona. Rain has fallen at Flagstaff, Phoe
nix and Yuma. Heavy rain has also fallen at
the following points in Mexico: Chihuahua
and Nogales. Eastbound travelers may expect
rain along the Mexican boundary end in the
valley of the Colorado. This disturbance may
move quickly northwestward Into the great
valley of California, and raiein makers and
fruit dryers are warned to be on the alert.
The temperature has fallen from 6 to 20 de
grees alons the coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 23, 1901:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Wednesday; probably showers; cooler; fresh
southeast winds.
Southern California— Cloudy, cooler Wednes
day, with rain in the mountains and probably
showers on the coast; fresh southerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday in northern portion;
cloudy in southern portion; cooler; light south
erly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy; unsettled
\u25a0weather Wednesday; possibly showers; cooler;
light southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
The London Grocers' Gazette of October -5
eay:«: Salmon— While there is little imprcve
tner.t in market business to resort consump
tion appears to go on steadily. Alaska is
steady, but Fraser River appears to be slightly
flrcrer for coods on the spot. For the present
yen-'s pack transactions are conspicuous by
their absence. In Liverpool the demand is
keeping up -wonderfully and there appears to
be :xiore trade in the country at this time of
the year than for some years past. Prices are
inclined to stiffen. California fruits continue
to l>e neglected.
Fruits and Salmon in London.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7@
7%c per lb; White Lead, 6%@7%c. according to
quantity.
SALT— H. R. H., $24 73 per ton In large sacks
and $25 50 ln 50s. Liverpool, $21 25@22 tor the
best and $17 50@20 for lower grades. Higgtas'.
$27 50<ff3G per ton.
QUICKSILVER— $46 50@47 50 per flask for Iw
cal use and $4G@45 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sucar Reflninar Con>
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cube3, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90c; Pow
dered, 4.75c: Candy Granulated. 4.75c; Dry
Granulated, 4.63c; Confectioners' A. 4.85c; Fruit
Granulated. 4.65c: Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
only), 4.45c; Magnolia A. 4.25c; Extra C, 4.13c-
Golden C, 4.05c; D, 3.96c; barrels, 10c more:
half-barrels, 23c more: boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos. half
barrels, 3.13c: boxes, 5.40c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pin»,
ordinary sizes, $18©19 50; extra sizes. Redwood.
$19($20; Lath. 4 feet, $3 90@4; Pickets. $19:
Shingles, $2 for No. 1 and $1 73 for No. 2:
Shakes, $13 for split and $14 for sawn; Rustic,
J25@31.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13%c: Pearl Oil, In cases, 20c; Astral, 20c: Star.
20c; Extra Star, 24c: Elaine, 23c; Eocene, 22c
deodorized «tove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; ln
cases, 21Uc; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; tn cases,
20%c; se-degrse Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases,
26%c
TURPENTINE— 5S%c per gallon in cases and
52c in drama and iron barrels.
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1
70c; pure, $120; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.'
74c: raw, 72c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, «4c for
boiled and 62c for raw ln barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases. 90c*
China Nut, 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot.'
in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure 65c •
Whale Oil, natural white, 40@45c per gallon '
Fish Oil, barrels, 37%c; cases, 42%c; Cocoanut
Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and 58%c for Aus
tralian.
Nicaragua— ll@13c for prime to fancy washed.
8@10c for fair to strictly good washed, 7@7%c
for good to superior unwashed, 8&@S?ic for
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Gutemala and Mexican— 10%igl3c for prime to
fancy washed, 8%@9%e for strictly good washed.
8®8%c for grf&d washed. 7©8c for fair washed;
6%@7c for medium; 5@6%c for inferior to or
dinary, 9@10%c for good to prime washed pea
berry, 8@9c for good tb prime unwashed pea
berry, 7%®7%c for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Some changes will be seen. Sole,
heavy. 30@32c per lb; Sole Leather, medium 27
<S29c; Sole Leather, light. 24@26c; Rough
Leather, heavy, 26@28c; Rough Leather, light.
25® 26c: Harness Leather, heavy, 35@39c for No.
1 and 30@33c for No. 2; Harness Leather me
dium. 30<&37c: Harness Leather, light. 23*J35c:
Skirting. 36<@40c; Collar Leather. 15@18c. per
foot: Kip, unfinished, 4C®50c per lb; Veal, fin
ished. 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife. Splits, U@
16c; Rough Spjlits, 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $26@2S per ton; Stick, is
lower at $lfi@18 uer cord.
CORDAGE— Manila has again advanced. The
local cordage company quotes as follows: Pure
Manila, 13% c per lb; Sisal size, ll%c; Bale
Rope, ll@ll%c; Duplex, 10%c. Terms, 60 days.
or 1% per c»nt cash discount. Lots of lu.OOO
lbs. lc less.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, 4%c:
cases, regular, 5c; cases, extra large, 5%c;
cases. Eastern style, 6c: Boneless, 6c; "Nor
way," 6%c; "Narrow Gauge." 6%c; "Sliver
King." 7c; Blocks, 6%@7c; Tablets, 7%c;
Middles. "Golden State." 7c; Middles. "White
Seal," Sc; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless. 9c; 2-lb
boxes. Fancy Boneless. 7%@Sc; Desiccated, per
dozen, 73c; Pickled Cod, barrels, each, $7;
Pickled Cod, half-banels, each, $4.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 13@13%c for strictly
prime to fancy washed. 10%@ll%c for prime
washed, 9@9%c for good washed. 9%@ll%c for
good to prime washed peaberry. 8%@9%c for
fair to prime peaberry, Sig^^c for good to
prime, 7@8c for fair, 5%@6^c for common to
ordinary.
Salvador— ll@12%c for strictly prime washed.
8%@10%c for good to prime washed,. 7%®3%c
for fair washed, 10@llc for good to prime
washed peaberry, 7%@8%c for good to prime
semi-washed, 8@8^4c for superior unwashed, 7%
@8c for good green unwashed, 8%@9c for good
to superior unwashed peaberry, 5%@6%c for
common to ordinary.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners quote as follows, in 2%-lb tins: Apples,
$1 05@l 45; Apricots. $1@1 50; Peaches, yellow.
$1 20@l 65; do. Lemon Cling, $1 30@l 75; Bart
lett Pears. $1 25<gl 75; Plums, 90c@l 25; Nec
tarines, tliil 50; Muscat Grapes. 95c@l 35;
Quinces, $1 1C©1 55; Strawberries, $1 30-&1 75;
Blackberries, $1 30@l 60.
COAL-Welllngton, $3 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington. $9: Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50: Cooa
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend.
$9; Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in,
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $15; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 ln sacks ; Rocky Mountain descriptions. SS 45
per -2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton, according to
brand. /
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c; local
make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 33
@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@Sc; Fruit Bags. 5%@
6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for Jute.
General Merchandise.
Chicago Grain Market.
perature. Insures abundant feed for stock.
Farmers are principally harvesting potatoes
and gathering apples. . ;
Prices for all descriptions remain about the
same. There is enough of all kinds coming
ln to supply the demand. The packers are get
ting all the Hogs they want at 6c.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6@6%c for -Steers and 5®5%c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7%@S%c: small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6&<§7c; Ewes, 6<g6i s c per
pound. >
LAMB-7g8c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 230 lbs and under. 6c: over
230 ibs. 5%@57&c; feeders, ; sows. 20 per
cent off; boars, 30 per cent oft, and stags, 10
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7%S9c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@15c for Gob
blers and 13@15c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50
@1 75; Goslings, $1 75@2; Ducks, $3@3 50 for
old and $3 50@4 50 for young: Hena, $3 50® 1 50;
ycung Roosters. $3 50@4 50; old Roosters, $3 50©
4; Fryers, $3 25<f?3 50; Broilers, $3 25@3 50 for
large and $3@3 25 for small; Pigeons, $1 23®
1 50 per dozen for old and $1 75<§2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1(§1 23;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, to«i6: Canvasback, $4@5 50: Sprig.
?2 50®3; Teal. $1 50@2; Widgeon. $1 50®2> Small
Ducks, $1 25ftl 50; Black Jacks, ; English
Snipe, J2@2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese,
$3@3 50; White Geese, $1 50 per dozen.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry came ln, mak
ing four thus far this week, and sales were
made at $4 50@5 for Hens, $3 50 for old Roost
ers, $5 50 for young Roosters and young Ducks,
$3 50(§)4 for Fryers, $3 for large Broilers and old
Ducks, $2 50 fop-emall Broilers, $1 50 for Geese
and 14@16c for Turkeys.
Arrivals of local stock were light and every
thing sold oil well except Hens, which are in
limited demand, only large fowl being wanted.
Arrivals of Game were large, being 98 sko.
Most of it was tainted and only sound stock
brought the quotations. The Game from the
south was poor, but that from the river was a
little better.
Poultry and Game.
with buyers and sellers apart, and 13c 13 now
about the top of the market in first hands.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lVjc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides.
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Staga, 7c; Salted
Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf, 10@
10%c; Dry Hides. 16@16%c: Culls. 14@15c; Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 18#19c; Culls and Brands,
16@17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each;
short Wool. 40@60c each; medium, 50@73c; long
Wool, SOc-gJl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 GO
@2 75 for large and $2tf£2 25 for medium. $1 7»
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for medium, $1 25 for
small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or
red skins, 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; win
ter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— Refined. 6%e; No. 1 rendered. 5<3
5%c per lb; No. 2, 4@4%c; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive!" 7 months, 7@Sc; Oregon Valley fine, 14'#
13c;/ do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon.
Eastern, choice, 11® 13c; do. fair to good. 9(&
lie; Nevada. 10@12c.
Fall — San Joaquin, 6 1 / 4@8%c; San Joaquin
Lambs', 7%@9c; Middle County. 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9@llc; do. defective, 8@9c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@12c per lb.
HOPS— 9@lCc for fair and ll@13c per lb for
good to choice. - m
• The market for evaporated apples ruled rather
quiet but about steady at unchanged prices to
day. State/common to good, 6@Sc; prime, 8%c;
choice.- 9c; fancy. 9%@9%c. .
'California dried fruits were dull.
' PRUNES— 3%<g>7c. \u25a0 « \u25a0•'-
APRICOTS — Royal, 8%@13c; Moorpark, 8
@8%c:- \u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0• '
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@9%c.
DRIED FRUITS
*~ ! - — *
NEW YORK, Oct. 21.— FLOUR— Receipts, 38,
789 barrels; exports, 63,750. Quiet and about
steady. f
WHEAT — Receipts, 65,450 bushels; exports,
65,981 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 78% f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 76%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 78%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 85%c f. o. b. afloat. Options open
ed rather firm on Argentine news, but gradu
ally eased off under weak cables, liquidation,
poor outside support and the corn weakness.
They finally rallied on export buying and 'closed
firm \u25a0 at a partial %c net advance. May, 79®
79%c, closed 79%c; October closed 75%c; Decem
ber, 76%@76%c. closed 76%c.
HOPS-Quiet.
HIDES-Steady.
WOOL-Steady.
COFFEE— Trading in coffee futures . to-day
was almost as lively as that of yesterday, while
values were decidedly higher. Crop reports keep
coming in and every 'one is worse than: the
other. On this information everybody bought
coffee, while the selling was scattered among
those who were satisfied with their profits at
present. At the start prices were 3@15 points
higher on covering. European and Wall street
buying and some purchases by commission
houses. The close was steady with prices 10
@20 points higher. Total sales were 134,500
bags, including: October. 6.40@6.50c; November.
6.45<3!6.60c; December, 6.50@6.70c; January, 6.63
@6.70c; February, 6.80c; March, 6.80@7.00c;
April 7.00c; May, 6.95@7.2Oc; June, -7.05@7.20c;
July, 7.20@7.35c; September, 7.40@7.55. "Spot,
strong; No. 7 invoice, 7%c; mild, steady; Cor
dova, 7%@llc. . ' -
SUGAR— Raw. firm; fair refining, 3%c; centri
fugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 3%c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 8095 packages,
dairy, 14@16c; creamery, 15@22%c; June cream
ery, l7V>@21%c; factory, 12%@15c. •
EGGS— Receipts, 14,000 packages. Steady;
Western candled, • 21%c; do uncandled, 16@21c.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sterling Exchange advanced. Silver unchanged. . \
Wheat futures firmer. Wheat freights weak.
Barley steady, with some shipping demand anticipated.
Oats in liberal supply, but well held.
Rye weakening under free offerings. '
Corn declining as the new crop approaches.
Hay firm at the advance, with diminished receipts. . \u25a0 .
All Beans lower, under large arrivals. Seeds nominal.
Butter and Eggs continue to drag. Cheese steady.
Old Prunes again marked down by the associatian. : "
Dried Fruits dull. Nuts and Honey quiet.
Raisins still uipscttled.
Provisions tending downward evefywUre.
Wool quiet and steady. Hops easy and dull.
Hides firm and in demand. Tallow steady.
Meat market runs along about the same*.
Some changes in Leather. Tanbark lower.
Manila Cordage marked up again.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry arrived. . ] ;
Game coming in more or less tainted.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about as before.
Fresh Fruits drawing to a close.
Fair business in local stocks and bonds.
$2 40@3^40; Western sheep, $3@3 50; native
lambs. ?2 50@4 90; Western lambs, |3 25@4 25.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.; Oct.' 22.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 2800; steady on best beeves; Texans
weaker. \ Natives, $2 80@6 40; Texas and West
erns, $2 70@5 90; cows and heifers, $1 35@o; bulls
and stags, $2@4 S5; stockers and feeders, %\ 50@
4 20; yearlings, $2@3 90; veals. $3 25@6 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 7300; generally 15c lower.
Pigs, steady; light and light mixed, $6@6 25;
medium, and heavy, $6 10@6 40; pigs, %\ 50@6;
bulk. $6 10(ff6 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 900; active, stronger;
lambs, $3 85<gi4 75; yearlings, %Z 25@3 75; weth
ers, ?3@3 70; ewes,^$2 75@3 25. .
\ New' York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— Tin in London further
advanced 10s to-day on light buying orders, but
futures were 2s 6d lower, thus spot was quoted
at £114 and futures at £106 17s 6d. Finally
was quiet locally and without particular feature
and spot was quoted at $24 80@24 90. Copper
was quiet and unchanged here at ?16 85@17 for
Lake Superior and $16 37%@16 62% for casting
and electrolytic. Copper in, London declined
10s to £63 10s and futures to £62. Lead was
easy and Is 3d lower in London, closing at £11
10s, but vuled dull and unchanged here at
$4 37%. Spelter also eased off 2s 6d at Lon
don to £16 17s 17d. while locally an unchanged
market was noted at $4 20@4 25. Domestic iron
markets were quiet and featureless. Pig Iron
warrants, ?9 50@10 50; No. 1 northern foundry,
$15@16; No. 2 foundry, southern, $14@15; No. 1
foundry, southern, $14 50@15 50; No. 1 foundry,
southern soft, $14 50@16. Glasgow warrants
closed at 53s 5d and Middlesboro closed at
45s l»id.
\u25a0 ' Nezu York Cotton-Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— The market for cot
ton "futures closed steady at a net advance of
7@10 points. . -
' ' Boston Wool Market.
. BOSTON, Oct. 22.— There is no change in the
condition of the wool market this week. Buy
ers are taking' supplies from time to time as
wool is needed, but are showing no "disposition
to stock up. As a rule there is but little weak
ness in the market anywhere and where man
ufacturers need the wool they are paying about
former prices. Territory wools yet reap the
bulk of the business doing, while prices are
about the same. Strictly choice fine territories
are quoted on the scoured basis of 45c, with
fine medium at 4C@43c, and fine staple lots at
46@47c. Fleece wools are ' quiet, with prices
about the same. \u25a0 \u25a0
QUOTATIONS.
Territory, scoured basis — Montana fine, 15®
16c; . scoured, 44@46c; fine medium, 15@17c;
scoured, 42@43c; staple, iodise; scoured, 46@
48c; Utah, Wyoming and Idaho, fine, 14@15c;
scoured, ' 44@45c ; fine medium, 14@15c; scoured,
40@43c ; staple, 14@ 17c; scoured, 46@47c.
Australian, scoured basis, spot — Combing, su
perfine, 10<si~2c; superfine, 66@70c; average, 65@
67c
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 22.— Clearings, $599,
919; balances, $104,723.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 22.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, steady at 55@35%c; valley and blue stem,
56%e.
Cleared — German ship Renee Rlckmers,
Queenstown, with 121,250 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 22.— WHEAT— Export Club,
54%c; blue stem. 55%c.
Cleared— Norwegian steamship Hero, with
200,430 bushels for St. Vincent; German bark
Lisbeth, with 133,621 bushels " for Europe.
Ready to sail — British steamer Glenlogan, with
2S7.4S0 bushels, for England. _
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. 22.— Consols, 02%; silver, 2G%d;
French rentes, lOOf 30c. Wheat cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 Standard
California, 28s 6d; cargoes Walla Walla, 2Ss;
English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 22. — Wheat, steady; No. 1
Standard California, 5s 10d@5s 10%d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather
in England, cold and dajnu.
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d.
POTATOES— 50@75c In sacks for Burbanks
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, $l@130;
River Reds, $1 45@1 60; Sweets, 37%@45c for
Rivers and 85@90c for Merced. >
ONIONS— $1 10@l 25 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60
@75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l@3c for Garden;
String Beans, l@2%c; Limas. l@l%c; Cabbage,
60@75c per' ctl; Tomatoes, from Alameda, 25®
30c; Dried Peppers, 10@12%c; Green Okra, 40@
60c per box; Carrots, 25@35c per sack: Cucum
bers, 30c; Pickles, 2%<g3c per lb for small and
l@l%c for large; Garlic, 2@2%c; Green Peppers,
40@50c per box for Chile and 40@60c for Bell;
Egg Plant, 30©30c per box; Green Corn, from
Berkeley; 50@C5c; Summer Squash, 40@60c;
Marrowfat Squash, J6@S per ton; Hubbard
Squash, $20. - ,
Over 20CO sacks of Potatoes came ln from
Oregon. Prices for Potatoes and Onions have
shown no change worthy of note for some days,
the marlcwfc^for 4>oth being steady.
Beans are neglected and weak, with a good
many poor ones coming in. Corn Is on its last
legs. Otherwise there Is nothing new in Vege
tables.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Total sales 379,500 Shares'
CLOSING BONDS.
US ref 2s reg 10S% ; L & N uni 4s. .....101%
TT I J ) n 1C0Up •'•• 108 *« Mex Cent 4s 83%
US 3s reg 107% Do 1st inc 30U
Do coup lOSVi Minn & St L 4s. ..103 "
U S new 4s reg.. .138 M K & T 4s.... 99%
Do coup 139 Do 2nds 791!
US old 4s reg 11174 N Y Cent lsts....l05%
Do coup 111% Do gen 3%s...:..io9
US os reg 106% N J Cent gen 5s.. 130'/.
Do coup 107% Nor Pac 4 3 ... 104%
Atch gen 4s 103% Do Ss 72V
Do adj 4s 97% Nor & W con '4s'.'lO2'i
B & O 4s 102% Read gen 4s...?? 66%
°o 3%s ....: 96% S L & I M con os.115%
Do conv 4s 103% S L & S F 4s 95
Can So 2nds 108% St L SW lsts...!" 98T4
Cent of Ga 3s 107 Do 2nds 78%
Do 1st inc 70' S A & A P 4s ' »7V?
C & O 4%s 106% So Pac 4s . 93 "
Chi & Alton 3%sT.. 85% So Ry 5s 120
Chi B & Q new 4s 98 Tex & Pac lsts""ll<)
C M & S P gen 4s.llO% T S L & W 4s ""sou
Chi & NW con 7s. 139% Union Pac 4s ' "loss?
Chi R I & P 4s. ..106% Do conv 4s. ""vmu.
C C C & S L g 4s.lO3 Wabash lsts . ' 1193?
Chi Terminal 4s.. 95% Do 2nds ""ulv.
Colo & So 4s 88% Do deb B.. " r\K
D & R G 4s 103 West Shore 4s. "m/;
Erie prior Hen 4s.. 98% W & L E 4s.. 9iii
Erie gen 4s 87% Wis Cent 4s "' 88Vi
F W & T> c lsts.. 107 Con Tob 4s . 64
Hock Valley 4%s..lO6 e *
MINING. STOCKS.
Adama Con 18 Little Chief ... v>
Alice 40 Ontario 10 so
Breece 140 Ophir '" £5
Brunswick Con.. 11% Phoenix " 06
Com Tunnel 06 Potosi 05
Con Cal & Va.. 175 Savage 10
Deadwood Terra. 50 Sierra Nevada... 15
Horn Silver 190 Small Hopes... 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 85
Leadville Con.... 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . West End 9314
Call loans 3@4 Westing -Elec. 71
Time loans 3%@4% Bonds —
Stocks— N E G & Coke 5s 54
A T & S F.. 78 Mining Shares-
Do prefd ........ 96% Adventure 24
Amer Sugar 120 Blng Min Co 30
Amer Tel 158% Amal Copper 8974
Boston "Elevated.. .166% Atlantic 371?
Boston & Maine. .193 Calumet & Hecla 675
Dominion Coal 45% Centennial isu
Do prefd 117% Franklin 17
Federated Steel 43 Humboldt 60
Do prefd 92% Osceola 101 •
Fitchburg prefd... 144 Parrot 35%
General Electric... 257% Quincy i60
Ed Elec III 249 Santa Fe Copper.. 4%
N E Gas & Coke/ 5 Tamarack "90
Old Colony 206% Utah Mining 23%
Old Dominion : — 27 Winona 2%
Union Pacific 100% Wolverines ........ 59
; London Market.
change, which would quickly reach the gold ex
port point at the recent rate of progress. The
expected movement of gold from London to
f£?!?i ? "t* ln t0 " da y. and there were large
additional- shipments to Berlin, marking the
continued money disturbance at those centers.
&„ Vii an8ru i ar process ot remittance from the
Jvorthern Pacific trouble and in preparation for
tne coming Paris stock exchange settlement is
said to be an influence in th« movement of gold
from London to Paris. The market closed eome
what irregular.
pa^-afue* H^oT" 5 lrregular - Total Bales '
thY^as^can 81168 ° M 4S decIined % per cent on
NEW . YORK STOCK LIST. '
. Stocks-^*.?- •- . Sales. High. Low. Close.
A * ch . son ••\u25a0• ;.. 15,000 78% \u25a0 77% 78
Atchlson pftf 1,300 96% 96^4 96?i
Baltimore & Ohio ...... 1,800 102% 102 102
Bait & Ohio pfd 93U
Canadian Pacific 2. 000 110 109% 11014
Canada Southern 2,000 83% 83 83U.
Chesapeake & Ohio 1,800 43 44% 4o»4
Chicago & Alton 1,800 37 36%' 389*
Chicago & Alton pfd ... COO 77% 77* ,77%
Chi Ind & L 3oo 40% 40*1 40
Chi Ind & L pfd 100" 72% 72' 71%
Chicgo & Eastern III. 200 126 12S 124'
Chicago & Gt West.... 2,000 2314 23 23%
Chi&GtWApfd .... .... 85*
Chi & Gt W B pfd .' 44"
Chi & Northwestern.... 2,800 209 2C5 20S?i
Chi Rock Isl & Pac. 400 142% 141% 142
Chi Term & Tran...... - 191,1,
Chi Term & T pfd .... 700 37% Se^i 7
CC C.& St Louis........ 4,900' 99-97%/....
Colorado Southern 3,700. 13% 13% 13 l /4
Col Southern 1st pfd... •-..„ .... 53U
Col Southern 2d pfd .... 23>,i
Delaware & Hudson '9,600 169 168 168^
Del Lack & Western 400 227% 227 226V»
Denver & Rio Grande .. -100 •" 43'* 43% 43'A
Den & Rio Grande pfd. ..... ..:".':... 91 "
Erie •-..... 9,500 4iy 4 40% 41%
Erie. 1st pfd $00 63 . GSTs 63-fc
Erie 2d pfd «oo 54% 54% 55
Great Northern pfd .. 2,200' 195 192U - 191
Hocking Valley .700 51' ,54 53*4
Hocking Valley pfd ..r. 1000 -75 • -75 -^74% i
Illinois Central ........ 1,200 146% 146 146 : !ii
Iowa Central 500 41% 40% -40%
. Iowa Central pfd 200 ~ 77%' 77% • 77»'. !
Lake Erie & Western ...7 6S"
Lake. Erie & We . pfd 100. 127. .127 .125
Louisville & Nashville. 2,500 : 103% 102% 103%
Manhattan L ...... . v ..... 1,900 121 . 120 \u25a0 121 :
Metropolitan St Ry..... 600 157% -157% .157% ;
Mexican' Central :........ 200 22-22 . 22 :
Mexican' National ..... 1,100 14^T 13% -13%,
Minn &St Louis ... 1,500. 110H 109 llOVi'
Missouri Pacific ...4,900 95% • 93%'- 95%
Missouri Kan & Tex.',: 300 '25% ' 25' v 25% :
Mo Kan & Tex pfd ...'1,000 49% 49 : 49%
New Jersey Central ... 300 164 -. 163% 163
New. Tork Central 14,500 158 156 157%*
Norfolk & Western ..... 3JL00 55% ' 55V4" 55^si
Norfolk & W pfd ".„.. .... .... 8S%
Northern Pacific pfd .. ! f 500 103 101 \u25a0 104%
Ontario & Western .... 1,900 33',i 32% 33%
Pennsylvania ....:....... 5,800' 147% 146U 146%
Reading 3.600 40% 40% 40%
Reading .let. pfd ... 000, 76 76 ' 76
Reading 2d pfd ........ 1,400 51% 61 • 51%.
St L & San Francisco. 600 41% " 40% 41%
St L & S F lsfpfd.... ..... ...? ..„ 77
St'L & S F 2d pfd .... 200' 67% 67^4 .67-4
St L Southwestern \u25a0 "» 26
St L Southwestern pfd. 300 56%--55% ' 56«
St Paul- .... -.;...,.... 7,300. 16S- 164% 167%
St. Paul pfd 1,800 192%:lS8 I /i 192%
Southern Pacific 24,300 60% 5914 60%
Southern Railway 7,000 32V- 32 > 32%
Southern Railway pfd.. 2C0 S6% 86% S6*,i
Texas & Pacilic 6,800 39 \u25a0 37% 3SV4
Toledo St L & W.! zoo 20 W 20 20U
Tol St L & West pfd. 200 35 35 33
Union Pacific 35,600 ICOVi 9S% 100%
Union Pacific pfd 400 8S% 88% 88V2
Wabash 300 20 19% 19%
Wabash pfd 4,300 36ti 35% 36%
Wheeling & Lake Erie.. 300 17V, 17 17U,
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd 282
Wisconsin Central 1,200 20% 20 20*4
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 600 4C 1 ,4 40 40Vi
Express Companies-
Adams 180
American jgs
.United States 90
Weils Fargo 160
Miscellaneous-
Amalgamated Copper .. 35,100 90% 88% 90
Am Car & Foundry 1,400 25% 25 23%
Am Car & Foundry pfd 200 80V* SOW, SQ-*
Am Linseed Oil . .. 17
Am Linseed Oil pfd 46%
Am Smelt & Ref... 400 iZ\i 43 43
Am Smelt & Ref pfd 96%
Anaconda Mining Co... 700 36 . 35% 36
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 3,700 61% 60% 6Ui
Colo Fuel & Iron 92
Consolidated Gas 216'/4
Continental Tobacco pfd .... 115%
General Electric 200 258% 258 238
Glucose Sugar 1,900 41 40% 40%
Hocking Coal 2,100 • 15 - . 14 - 12V>
International Paper 1000 20% 20>i 20%
International Paper pfd 300 76% 76% 76
International Power ... 200 89U 83 88' 4
Laclede Gas 91,
National Biscuit' 200 42 "41% 41%
National Lead 100 18% 18% 18%
National Salt " 32
National Salt pfd 64
North American 100 97 ,97 95
Pacific Coast 62
Pacific Mail 1,200 45 41 44V4
People's Gas 10,900 107% 106% 107%
Pressed Steel Car 300 40% 40% 40%
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. 500 81% 80 80%
Pullman Palace Car 400 221 219 219
Republic Steel 600 13 15 15
Republic Steel pfd 1,000 66 65% 65%
Sugar C.800 120% 119 ,120
Tenn Coal & Iron 800 60 59%* 60
Union Bag & Paper Co 1414
Union B & Pap Co pfd '"" 70
U S Leather 1,500 12% 12% V'%
U S Leather pfd 200 81% 80% n
U S Rubber 1=1/
U S Rubber pfd '"" 4$
Vr f £ tee , I ";V 6 ' 900 43 '^ *>% 43
US Steel pfd 400 92% 91% 92%
Western Union 630 ' 91% 91% 91%
New York Grain and Produce.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balance shows: Available cash
balance, $165,548,718; gold. $101,323,706.
Condition of the Treasury.
095 sacks. The demand was poor and sellers
had to mark down the goods to sell.
There is no change in Seeds, the market be
ins inactive. • -
BEANS— Bayos. $2 15@2 35; Small White, $3 10
@3 25; Large White, ?2 15@2 35; Pea, $2 50@4;
Pink, $2 1032 30; Red, $ ; Blackeye. $3 15®
3 35; Limas, ?4 50@4 75; Red Kidney, ?3@3 75 per
ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3@3 50; Yellow
Mustard, $3 35@3 50; Flax, $2 65@3 25: Canary,
3H@3%c for Eastern, Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
l*4@l%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb. ) -
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75@1 90; Green, n 75
@2 per ctl.
Posted rates, $4 85@4"S7^; commercial ' bills,
$4 S3%@4 84; bar silver, 57%c; Mexican dollars,
45ftc. •" \u25a0\u25a0-
/Government bonds, weak; State bonds, inac
tive; railroads irregular.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
6E0. F. LAMSON Auctioneer
Examiner Building.
GREAT AUCTION SALE
— OF—
MAGNIFICENT FURNITURE and CARPETS
THIS DAY.
WEDNESDAY, Oct. 23, 1901.
At 1721 Jackson st.. at 11 o'clock. I will sell by
catalogue, by order of executor of estate of
Mrs. Anna Cohn, deceased, the royal and ele-
gant Furnishings of above residence. .lawyer Mclaughlin cross
examining EX-U. S. MAR
SHAL VAWTER. \u25a0 •
\
Petitions in insolvency were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: John Q. Ackerman, carpen
ter, Iowa Hill, liabilities $830 35, no assets-
C. F. Dameron, farmer, Madison Yolo
County, liabilities 513,356, no assets: Ed
ward Goepel, Sacramento City, plumber
liabilities $S99 34, assets J40 50.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Bloojl has been shed under the shadow
of the Custom-house flag. It flowed yes
terday during; the progress of a fist flght,
the principals being Harry Thomas, a
popular Custom-house broker, and Lloyd
Spencer, messenger in the offlce of First
Deputy Farley.
It is an admitted state of facts that Mr.
Thomas went to Deputy Farley's desk to
have some papers signed, and, Mr. Far
ley being temporarily absent, Mr. Thomas
expressed his displeasure. Messenger
Spencer took exception to the remark,
and from this point the admitted state
of facts diverges Into two statements, one
being that Thomas applied an insulting
name to Spencer, and the other that
Spencer called Thomas a liar and that
Thomas resented it in words the opposite
of soothing. When Thomas left the desk
both parties were at white heat.
Thomas and Spencer met on the steps
of the Custom-house after lunch, and
Spencer peremptorily demanded an apol
ogy. Thomas refused, and the gage of
battle \u25a0was resorted to. Both pricipals,
with several friends, immediately repaired
to Oregon street, a cul de sac beginning
on Battery street, opposite the Custom
house and running about half a block
until intercepted by a fruit-packing estab
lishment. Between an ale house and the
fruit house the crowd piled a barricade
of empty boxes to cut off the view from
the main street, and Thomas and Spen
cer, peeling off their .coats and vests,
sailed into each other with much gritting
of teeth and many grunts between blows.
Two rounds were fought, at the end of
which period both combatants, bleeding
and breathless, were* separated by the
spectators and honor was adjudged to
have been satisfied. The end of the bat
tle was hastened by a report that the
British and Italian Consuls, whose win
dows overlook Oregon street, had sent
special messengers for squads of marines
from English and Italian men of war to
stop the gory contest. . '. •
Lloyd Spencer and Harry
Thomas Wipe Out
Insults.
BLOOD IS SHED
UNDER THE FLAG
NOME COURT IS WELL RUN.
" SEATTLE, Oct. 22.— According to Judge
H. A. Day, who has arrived from Nome,
the immense accumulation of legal com
plications in Nome has been untangled
and is not likely to again assume a threat
ening aspect to the country. Credit for
the relieved situation Judge Day gives to
Judge James Wickersham, who is tem
porarily filling the place of Judge Arthur
H^ Noyes.
"Since Judge Wickersham has assumed
control," said Judge Day, "he has taken
up and rendered decisions in all cases
where a question of law was involved.
The court docket is practically cleaned up
and the Judge announced that he would
hold a term of court beginning October
7 witU Jury service.. The cases set for
trial are to be peremptorily disposed of.
The fact of the matter is that Judge
Wickersham has untangled the badly
mixed court calendar and by his severely
upright, Judicial demeanor has gained the
respect'- and regard of all. If he takes
a case under advisement as a rule he
renders a decision the next day.
"Judge Wickersham's executive ability
Is something unusual, i There is a much
more settled feeling exhibited since the
people saw .that he was able and intended
to be ~ arbitrator in fact as well as in
name.
"One rule of Judee WIckersham is to
allow no lawyer to secure a- private order.
That was brought about owing to the pe
culiar position of affairs previously. Nor
does he allow lawyers to reach intimate
terms with him. Still another rule pro
mulgated was to the effect that Jury ser
vice within a year was sufficient cause for
a challenge on a second call to serve."
Ladewig Ordered to Maintain Child.
An order was issued by Judge Seawell
yesterday directing Arthur E. Ladewig to
pay $25 a month to Adrienne E. Ladewig,
from whom he procured a divorce a short
time ago, for the support of their two
year-old child. ?
consequence was educed. The case will
go on to-day at 10 o'clock.
Why experiment with other brands when you
can get Jesse Moore Whiskey at all times and
placeB? *
C. C. Henke is suing the Market-street
Railway Company for $10,050 damages for
injuries which, he alleges, he received
September 2, 1901, on Market street
through the sudden starting of a car he
was attempting to board.
Henke Sues Railway Company.
Special Rates
For side rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
and holders of nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 23 to
November 10 inclusive. Limit 30 days.
For timetables, descriptive literature and
full Information call at Santa Fe offices,
641 Market st., and ferry depot.
ANOTHER SCHOOL FOTTND
TO BE GREATLY CROWDED
Deputy Superintendent Kingsbury
Officially Inspects the Ever
ett Grammar.
Deputy Superintendent of Schools
Kingsbury made an ofQcial inspection yes
terday of the Everett Grammar School at
Sanchez and Sixteenth streets and found
the classes in an overcrowded condition.
In most of them there were not sufficient
desks to accommodate the pupils and
every available inch of space in the rooms
was taken up with the desks.
Iu Miss Grim's class there were forty
six pupils in what was once a lunchroom.
ICineteen desks were ranged along the
sides against the blackboard, so that chil
dren were forced to reach over the desk
to use the board. The desks were only
fifteen inches apart. Similar conditions
prevailed in Miss Lindberghs class. In the
receiving class there were fifty-five
youngsters. Miss Perl had fifty in an out
side class located in a store, with only
forty-seven seats. The eighth grade had
forty-eight pupils present and forty-six
seats. The third grade has sixty-two en
rolled. The Park School has fifty-three
pupils in a class comprising . the third,
fourth and fifth grades, and fifty-one
pupils in a class containing pupils of the
firs* and second grades. In all likelihood
a new class will be formed in the last
named school.
KIYrTS GIVE WELCOME
TO VISITING BROTHER
Meade T>. Detweiler of Pennsylvania
to Be the Guest of San Fran
cisco Lodge.
Meade D. Detweller, past grand exalted
ruler of the Benevolent and Protective
Order of Elks, arrived ln this city last
evening from Harrisburg, - Pa. He was
met at Oakland mole by a delegation from
San Francisco Lodge No. 3, headed by-
Exalted Ruler Dunne, and was accorded
that welcome which is characteristic of
the organization of which he was once
the honored head and is still a much
esteemed member. Detweiler, who has
not been ln San Francisco since shortly
after the institution of San Francisco
Lodge, comes to California for a vaca
tion and also to renew old acquaintances
made during his previous visit. He will
stay In California for some time, during
which he will pay visits to a number of
the lodges ln the interior. While ln this
city he will be the guest of . San Fran
cisco Lodge, which is making arrange
ments to give him a reception befitting his
rank in the order.
John F. Flynn, a drummer, who sued
the Oregon Short Line Railroad Company
for $25,000 damages because a train in
spector refused to honor a ticket he had
purchased and ejected him from a train
at Ogden, was awarded $400 damages and
costs of suit by a Jury in Judge Hunt's
court yesterday.
Drummer Awarded Damages.
to X-MARSHAL VAWTER proved e
hostile > witness yesterday when
" the taking of testimony in tha
Nome contempt cases was re
sumed before Judge Heacock.
Vawter tilted his chair on the hind legs,
looked defiance at the respondents' attor
neys and drove McLaughlin to the ice
water four times during the morning ses
sion. He had his story to tell and he told
it— sometimes so fast that even the court
reporter threw his hands upward ln de
spair. The marshal had a grievance and
he didn't care who knew it.
Vawter went Into detail when he came
to the Jim Gaylen and Senator Carter
phase of the cases. He testified to his
relations with Noyes, McKenzie and
FVost, and recited how he came to over
hear the conversations between Judge
Noyes and other parties, in which the
good name of Circuit Court, Judges and
Congressmen were categorically con
demned. Much of Vawter's testimony is
to the point without any mincing.
But Vawter was not the only man on
the stand yesterday. George V. Borch
senius took the witness chair during the
afternoon. He was the clerk of the court
over which Noyes presided, but was re
moved later by Noyes. Borchsenius re
ceived his appointment, according to his
testimony, on account of the influence of
McKenzie. He did not, however, last long
with the combination. At Seattle, where
they all rested on their way to Nome,
Borchsenius felt that he was in disfavor,
and that they wanted to give him the
slip. His life was not a merry one at
Nome— from his story— and his work none
of the pleasantest.
Day by day the attorneys drop more
and more of their pristine courtesy. Ami
cus Curiae Plllsbury and Judge McLaugh
lin have now reached the state of super
heated politeness. Their remarks sound
well, but they are full of sarcasm and
Irony. Now and then they have a tilt,
and then Judge McLaughlin drinks ice
water. Francis J. Heney, second to Mc-
Laughlin. is also in a warlike and argu
mentative mood.
The case of Joseph K. Wood came up
before the Circuit Court of Appeals at
the morning session, but the court re
fused to pass sentence until the testimony
was read.
Conversation of June, 1901.
The morning session opened with a con
tinuation of Ex-Marshal Vawter's cross
examination by Attorney McLaughlin.
The .first question propounded was;
"Referring now, Mr. Vawter, to the conver
sation you overheard in June, 1891. in which
you said something about Judge Noyes' criti
cism on Judge Ross, do you remember the
date?"
"It is either June 9 or June 16. It was either
the day before or a week before I went to
St. Michael. We were two weeks getting to St.
Michael because we were stuck ln the ice. We
arrived in Nome on the 4th. I made the mem
orandum immediately upon my return to Nome.
I made It in case I was ever asked about it, to
specify the time exactly."
"Where was that talk held?"
"That talk was in Judge Noyes' chambers or
the room adjoining the chambers. I think Bell
was present."
"Where were you when you heard this?"
"In my office, which adjoined Judge Noyes.'
I was about nine feet from the door between
the rooms. I recognized Bell's voice besides
that of Judge Noyes. There was nothing but
a thin board partition between the rooms and
I could hear plainly."
"You didn't put your ear to the wall. I bup
pose?V
"No, sir; never at any time."
"Now have you related every conversation
you have overheard concerning this matter and
ln which Judge Noyes figures?"
"I think I have."
"Did you state substantially all Mr: Frost
said when he handed you that letter?"
"When, he handed me that letter and told me
I must swear in the posse comltatus and pre
vent these people from getting the gold dust
he also said, 'you must obey this court and
never mind the other courts.' "
Not in With, the Gang. v
"When dlfl you 6end your resignation to
Senator Carter?"
"I think it was in October, 1900."
"Yesterday you testified that Mr. Gaylen had
disappeared."
"Yes, I feared for his safety and was organ
izing a party to search for him."
"When did he return?"
"He went to see Senator Carter and came
back ln September."
"When didjrou forward your resignation?"
"Soon after Gaylen's return."
"Then you sent a second part of your resig
nation, did you not?"
"About fifteen days after I withdrew my res
ignation." . .
"Notwithstanding that Senator Carter did
send in your resignation?"
"It eeems so." S \u25a0 •
"Did you talk with Gaylen after his return?"
• Mrs. Luz de Reyes, sister of President
Tomas Hegalada of Salvador, arrived
here yesterday and is at the Occidental.
Her. husband is a delegate from Salvador
to the Pan-American Congress in the City
of Mexico and she is going there to join
him. and attend the convention.
Sister of President of Salvador.
For two dollars you can take a fine Oc
tober trip to the seaside Sunday, 27th.
Monterey excursion leaves Third and
Townsend streets 7:30 a, m., and Santa
Cruz, via narrow-gauge ferry:, 7:45 a. m.
Five hours at seaside.
CHEAPEST TBIP OF ALL
TO
MONTEREY — SANTA! CTRTJZ.
_ After that a desultory cross-examina
tion followed and '• nothing more of any
jj? Borchsenius gave testimony on other pe
culiar methods of doing business then In
vogue In Judge Noyes' court and made a
statement concerning the calling of a
grand jury: .. - ;
.V-'"lri January or February, 1901, Judge Noyes
advised me to call a Grand Jury. I put in
a list of 300 names and' Joseph K. Wood and
John T. Reed selected twenty-three of them.
The following day J Judge -Noyes handed- me
twenty-three names, saying that- he wanted
them as a Grand Jury, as it was the custom
In; the States to appoint in that manner."
'\u25a0 Borchsenius further testified that , he
did not wish to pay the bills that McLain,
Carroll and Carson, put in for detective
service, \u25a0 but was ordered to do so. Also
that he complained of .Deputy Clerk John
T. Peed for the manner in which he drew
juries and that he received fees, but
Judge Noyes would pay no attention to
him. _
The cross-examination of Borchsenius
was undertaken by McLaughlin.
." "I. think I heard you eay that Mr. McKenzie
had secured transportation for the whole party,
did you not?" • „ • • \u25a0 . '
: "So I was informed."
"Did you complain to Judge Noyes of Reed's
delay in the preparation of the papers?" i .
"No. sir. I didn't think It would do any
good."
"Had you done anything on the transcript?"
"Just started it." • -• -•./ rV -
Then the line of questions of the amicus
curiae was devoted 'to- the preparation of
the transcripts or a record of the proceed
ings in the five cases which were to t be
appealed to the ' Circuit Court. John T.
Reed, a deputy clerk of the court, had the
work In hand and according. to the testi
mony of Borchsenius delayed the prepara
tion of the papers ln an attempt to miss
the last boat of the season. . .
Borchsenius said . in answer to one of
Pillsbury's questions:
"Mr. Reed had charge of the making of the
transcripts and he so delayed it that I was
afraid that we would not get them out on the
last boat to 1 send to the Circuit Court of Ap
peals.".' \u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0':\u25a0
"What reasons did Noyes give for the inter
ference ln the making of the transcripts?"
"None whatever."-
Another Blow at N"oyes.
Delayed the Transcript.
"Did you have any talk with McKenzie
after the receiverships were bestowed?" Inter
rogated Plllsbury a few moments later, receiv
ing a positive answer.
"Did you go to St. Michael?"
"Yes, ln September for a special term of
court there." '. '
"Did you hear Judge Noyes Bay anything
about the writs there?"
"Yes, he said he did not know Compton and
talked elightlngly of them."
"They seemed to be anxious to keep me in
ignorance of when aud how they would leave
Seattle, for Nome."
"Was there any change in his manner to you
when you got to Nome?" H . •. ; •
"Yes, altogether different from . when we
were in Washington.". .
Then the witness of his own accord of
fered* some enlightenment. •
"No, - I did not. It there was, it was filed
afterward."
"Did Judge Noyes pay anything to you about
going to St. Michael?"
"Yes; shortly after we came, but I wanted
to be on the mining ground and refused to
"When did you learn of any proceedings be
ing commenced in reference to receiverships,"
asked Pillsbury.
• "On the evening of July 23 I went with Mr.
Stenges to Judge Noyes' office and found the
papers appointing McKenzie on Judge Noyes'
desk. I also found Mr. Dickey there, and he
said Judge Noyes left them" about 9 o'clock.
They were not file-marked at that time. I
think Dickey filed them after."
"Did you see a complaint in the cases?" i
Vawter left- the stand and the amlcua
curiae called for George V. Borchsenius,
clerk of the court at Nome. He also had a
grievance and . he told it j without much
coaxing or urging. Borchsenius went into
Nome with McKenzie, Judge Noyes,
Dickey and a number of others who have
since arrayed thmselves on one side or
the other of this case.
Borchsenius on Deck.
McLaughlin wanted to prod the witness
with personal questions then and said: •
1 "How much money did you get to pay your
expenses to come here?"
"I have not been paid any money; I never
asked any."
Vawter then told at the Instigation of
Pillsbury how Frost came to him and
asked for a deputy to do some detective
work. He got the deputy, one McLain
by name, but his bills were paid by Judge
Noyes.
The re-examination was short. Then
McLaughlin had his opportunity again.
"You Bay you 'were asked to appoint L. D.
McLain Deputy Marshal ! to do detective work
by Frost, and you afterward learned that he
was engaged to spy upon the defendant's at
torneys in the mining claims cases?"
"Yes, sir." ' .
"You said he was paid on an order from
Judge Noyes?" ! • i
"Yes, sir. He was paid as a detective, and
not as a Marshal." • ' .
*.; : +
visited by Judjje Noyes and Frost after
the riling of the charge against himself
and both said they were sorry for it.
Then the friend of the court came back
to Gaylen, Senator Carter's nephew. •
"What did Gaylen 8ay7"
"He said I balled the^whole thine ud and
Carter would be very sore over it Then I
missed him and wantefl-to get a posse coml
tatus to search for him, fearing that he was
foully dealt with. When Gaylen came bacK
from his trio to Senator Carter he said, 'I
have seen Noyes and Frost and both want you
removed.' He went out to see Carter and an
attorney for these cases."
"What were the relations between Judge
Noyes and Mr. Frost the time these, writs ar
rived there?"
"Very thick."
McLaughlin switched his line of inter
rogation at this point and began o cross
examination of Vawter on the differences
that arose betwee-n the witness on one
side and Judge Noyes and C. E.. B. Frost
on the other.
"Did you connect Judge Noyes with the
charges filed against you ln Washington?"
"Noyes sent Frost to George Lekely. Frost
eald to Lekely that Noyes wanted to find out
something- against me ln order to get me out of
the way. I knew these things were going on
and had been Informed that they were trying
to make a raid on me."
"Did you rely on Lekely?"
"Yes, I think he was all; right. He was ap
pointed at the instance of Senator Carter."
"When did you first learn that they were
making a raid on you?"
"Some time ln October, but I- couldn't believe
It at first. I believed It when Jim Gaylen got
back from Senator Carter."
"When did Lekely Inform you that Frost ap
proached him?"
"It may have been November or December."
"Was Judge Noyes and Frost friendly to you
at this time?' -
"They appeared so."
"Do you remember having a conversation
about this time ln relation to an offer of money
in the Jersey Hotel when Judge Noyes and
Frost and Wood were present?"
"That •was in reference to a conversation I
had with another man. I don't know about
Wood being present."
"Do you remember knowing at that time that'
the defendant in these mining suits had made
an application to discbarge Receiver McKen
zle?"
"Yes, sir."
"Did you not have another conversation In
front of the Golden Gate Hotel with Judge
Noyes that if he would discharge orders of re
ceivership for McKenzle that it would be worth
$20,000 to him?"
"No, sir." flashed the witness at his interrog
ator. • .
"Did you mention that he would get any
thing at all?" . . .. ,
"I did not."
"Did you mention anything about benefits?"
"I did not."
"A short time after that did you meet Frost
on the street and did he not tell you that Judge
Noyes complained about the talk and did you
not say you were sorry that Noyes took it se
riously?"
"No, sir. I said that was a damn lie and
that if the Judge said I offered him money he
was not telling the truth."
"Do you recollect the next day that Judge
Noyes was passing a house that you were fix
ing, and you said that you must have been
'nutty' when you approached him and that he
should not say anything about it and that you
would be a good officer thereafter?"
"No, sir; that's made out of whole cloth. I
never had such a conversation. I told him once
that I didn't want to get in a fight with him
and that our offices ought to harmonize."
•Ahout the Bribe Offer.
"On the next day did you. Wood, Frost and
Noyes meet in the Jersey Hotel and discuss
these matters?"
"We discussed what a certain fellow had said
to me on the street." . '
"Did you ln the course of that conversation,
state that you heard he could get $20,000 'if Mc-
Kenzle was discharged; that you didn't think
he would take it seriously and that you hoped
he would not let it go further?" - 1
"No, air. I did not say that even In sub
stance." - .
"Did you give Frosty the name of the man who
would furnish the money?"
"The man I suppose you refer to hasn't 15
cents."
"Did these men have nothing to do with
your resignation?"
"No, sir."
"Did not Gaylen state to you ln substance
that there was a charge filed against you in
Washington on account of this very offer of
$20,000 and that this was I the reason of the
demand of the resignation?"
"I saw a letter from Gaylen, written by
Carter, in which it was stated that unless I
resigned I would be summarily discharged."
"Was there anything like the conversation
I pictured at the hotel?" ' :
"No, nothing like it. Many times Judge
Noyes and I had friendly confidential talks.
He would come to me with anonymous letters
and say his life was threatened. I offered him
the protection of my deputies." . \u25a0
"Did you not avow . that you .would get
even with Noyes after your resignation?"
"No, sir."
\u25a0 "Did you not say a few days ago In the lob
by of the Palace Hotel that. you wanted the
opportunity of saying Judge Noyes was a
liar?" . . -,
"I don't remember It." .;
"When did the defendants have the- gold
dust. and when did you get it?"
"In October, 1900." . .. . . *
"When did you overhear tho 1 conversation
about Judge Ross?" •\u25a0. , . \u25a0
"In June, 1901." ' .
"And you made a memorandum of It 7" •: ' \u25a0
"I did." .
Jersey Hotel Talk. \u25a0 .
'- "Did you prefer charges against Frost in
1901?" •\u25a0' . : :. .
"Yes, etr." • .
"Did you not prefer charges against Judge
Noyes?" \u25a0 . : .
' 'Yea ; charges of blackmailing, and filed af
fidavits with them." \u25a0 v '•-. .
McLaughlin- went back to- the Jersey
Hotel conversation and got this explana
.tion from the witness:
"I told him that this man came to me and
said if he could . get the receiver discharged
he could . make a lot of money. I- told > him
that he couldn't approach Judge Noyes and
the man left. I told Judge Noyes, because • I
was in tho habit of telling him whatever hap
pened."' , - . . . -. • t — v,"
''What receiver? What claim? Who was
the m8n?" |
."I don't know what receiver, what claim,
but his name was May — sometimes . called col
onel because he wore a plug hat."
"Did you ever see May after that?"
"I saw him In September in Washington,
where I, think he lives. He's a real estate
man." \
Here, ended the cross-examination,
i Plllsbury then took up the re-examina
tion.
.. "Was there any thought that you attempted
to bribe Judge Noyes?"
"Well, Frost seems to think bo."
"Was that letter received from Judge Noyes
after or before the conversation in the Jersey
Hotel r* .
"The conversation about May took place ln
August, 1900, some time before the writs of
sujiersedeas arrived." • -
"I want you to state whether you had any
other purpose than friendliness to Judge Noyes
when you stated that conversation?" . .
"No other. He didn't think anything about
money at that time."
End of Vawter.
At the beginning- of the afternoon ses
sion in response to an interrogation . by
the amlcus curiae Vawter said he was
Charges Against Vawter.
"Tea, and he said that I was not ln with the
gang and I must resign."
"Did you find out that Frost had filed charges
against you?"
"Yes. Eome time after— I think it was la Oc
tober."
In their haste to escape the burglars
overlooked a considerable sum of money
which the proprietor had concealed.
When the police began their Investiga
tions they found that the tiurglars had
forced an entrance into the building ad
joining, which is being remodeled, taken
a rone and let themselves down to the
next structure. Another, piece of rone was
made fast and passed through a skylight
over the pooltable. It was by this means
they effected an entrance and exit. The
police are inclined to believe that it was
some one well acquainted with the place
who committed the burglary.
When J. L. Hedrick, the proprietor,
opened the place in the morning he found
a rope hanging from the roof through the
Ekyliglit. Bottles of wine and a bottle of
beer were standing on the pooltable. A
brace and a bit taken from a rear room
were on the counter, and a number of
painters' tools, taken from an adjoining
building 1 , were found scattered on the
floor.
Some time between midnight and 6
o'clock yesterday morning burglars en
tered the Waldorf, a saloon at 5 Taylor
street, rifled a cash drawer and secured
55 SO in nickels and several hundred cigars.
They made an attempt to break open a
nickel-in-the-slot machine and also to
force their way through a partition into
the jewelry store of A. Aufrichtig ad
joining-. They were evidently frightened
off before comDletinsr their work.
Leave Traces of Their Handiwork on
Drawers, Partition* and Nickel
in-Slot Machines.
BtTRGI^AKS ENTER &AXOON
BY DESCENDING ON ROPE
Liouis Wiener of the firm of Merzbach
& Wieneri clothing manufacturers on San-
Bome street, filed an answer and cross
complaint yesterday to the suit for disso
lution of partnership Instituted by his
partner some time ago. In the complaint
tiled by Merzbach ho alleged that owing
.o his partner's lncompetency as a cutter
and as a salesman the business was not
Baying. A short time after the riling of
the complaint a receiver was appointed.
He took an inventory of the stock and for
a time conducted the business of the
arm.
Wiener's answer filed yesterday is a de
nial of the charges made by Merzbach,
and his cross-complaint contains many
Serious allegations against his partner.
Wiener alleges that . to the dishon
esty, fraud and connivance of Merzbach
ihe business owes its deterioration. He
alleges that his partner sold goods under
cost, substituted goods and changed the
figures on the cost tags during the pro
gress of the stock-taking. He further al
leges that Merzbach. since January of this
. year, has used every endeavor to compel
- him to consent to a dissolution of co
. partnership at terms that were not fair
: to him. He still further alleges that Merzi
bach represented to him that he had $25,
: O00 invested when, Wiener alleges, all tha
, money he had put ln the business did not
< amount to more than $9500. Wiener asks
for damages, leaving the amount to the
' judgment of the court.
Grave Allegation in Answer
Filed in a Suit for
Dissolution. • \u25a0
Member of Clothing Firm
Accuses His Partner
of Dishonesty.
WIENER MAKES
SERIOUS CHARGE
SAYS HUSBAND
IS VERY CRUEL
Margaret: May : . Bowhay, wife of Leon
ard Bowhay, the . proprietor of a ladles'
tailoring parlor at -616 Sutter Btreet. com
menced divorce proceedings yesterday
against her husband. In her complaint
she alleses that for fourteen years her
husband has treated her ln a harsh, brutal
and inhuman manner. She asks the
court to grrant her a decree, award her the
custody of their four children, allow her
J750 a month alimony and for an order
restraining 1 her husband from forcing an
entrance to the Bowhay home at 40
Twenty-second avenue.
Mrs. Bowhay alleges ln her complaint
that August 10. 18S7, she married Bowhay,
who at that time was ln her employ in
the ladles' tailoring establishment at 41
Post street. "Within a few daya after
the marriage, Mrs. Bowhay alleges, her
husband assumed the management of her
business and In addition to compelling her
to work for him commenced a course of
cruel treatment. On one occasion, Mrs.
Bowhay alleges,, her husband locked her
in the sitting-- room at the tailoring par
lors 'and held her prisoner for several
hours. She further alleges that her hus
band compelled her to sleep on a cot at
tho store and that- he compelled her to
remain at work up to within a few days
of the birth of her eldest child. Ten days
after the child was born he made her
leave her bed and return to her place in
the store. "While she was seriously ill in
1893, Mrs. Bowhay alleges, her husband
boasted that while she was sick he was
spending his time with other women, tak
ing them to theaters and buying them
flowers. She remonstrated with him, she
alleges, and he cursed her and struck her,
thereby making her illness- much more
serious. Among \u25a0 the many other acts of
cruelty which Mrs. Bowhay alleges her
husband to be guilty of are: Using pro
fane and vulgar language toward her in
the presence of their children; compelling
his stepson, her son by a former marriage,
to eat in the kitchen; compelling her to
practice the strictest economy and making
her such a small allowance that she was
often harassed by creditors. •
Mrs. Bowhay also alleges that her hus
band spends $1000 per month In a riotous
and extravagant manner and that out of
the tailoring business, which, she claims,
yields a profit of $1500 monthly, she re
ceives only ?250.
On October 19 of this year, she alleges,
while she was ill at home, Bowhay
called and demanded to see her. She re
fused to see him and .thereupon he seized
one of the children and endeavored to
drag it from the house.
Asks ,for Custody of Their 1
Children and Proper
Support.
Mrs. Bowhay Files a
Sensational Divorce
' Complaint.
NEW WITNESS IN NOME CASES
GIVES STARTLING TESTIMONY
George V. Borchsenius, at One Time Clerk of JudgeNoyes' Court,
Tells a Story of Judicial Dilatoriness and Piles Up Cumulative
Evidence Against the Respondents and Their Cause
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1901.
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We call particular attention
to. our display this week of
FineWhite and Colored filan-
Kets. These Blankets arc
made to our special order
and on examination will be
found the best values ever
offered by us.
SPECIMEN VALUES:
5 cases White All- Wool Blankets for. single
$3.75 Pair.
4 cases White All-Wool Blankets for three-
™" er Mi $4.25 Pair.
7 cases White All-Wool Blankets for full-size
$5.00 Pair.
5 cases Extra Lame White Satin Finish Bed
Spreads, hemmed readu for use,
$2.50 Each.
10 cases Full Size Printed Silkoline Comfort-
ers, with Dure snow flake filling.
$1.25 Each.
Best Brands of Sheeting, -Pillow Case Cotton
arid Made Sheets and Pillow Cases at less
than present mill prices,
III. 113. 115. 117. fid. 12! POST STREET.
Chea Pestand Best Folding Bed on Earth.
BED CLOSED. examine.
SPECIAL 20% DISCOUNT S&&SM§$M
: :"\u25a0:<:' ;-: J^ : tables 0 s and D^ ESSIN «
r °° m f ° r ' OUr "^soods. Houses
GASH OR CREDIT
KRAGEN FURNITURE C0. l0l %^ tst '
/TELEPHONE SOUTH 371.
'Phone Howard 1021.
119 TAYLOR STREET.
ICED LEMONADE SERVED FREE DUR-
ING HOT WEATHER.
PATE DE FOIE GRAS. TIX 2Oc.
DTTTTPT) Fancy creamery, large I 1 "",.
DUl 1L.K S( l u are \\C
UV1 1L/11 Flrst . class table butter. JJU
None sold to dealers. Wednesday and
Saturday.
PINK SALMON, 3 TINS 25c.
T?rrO Good California ranch; 0A«
HIJA dozen \ If,
L.UUJ Every egg guaranteed. OXJXj
Regular 35c.
QUEEN OLIVES. QUART 20c.
TATJnCr Very best Java and rtr*.
lUrrLE, Mocha. Pound A{*
vui i uu ReductIon in price> not uj\t
ln quality. Regular 35c.
3 TINS BEST SHRIMPS 2.">C.
rAEDDl? Java and MochafA.
lUrf LL "Broken." 3 pounds.... MJC
\j\ji k ljlj Best vaIue m town JVU
Pound 20c. Always special at Faber"s.
GRAHAM CAKES. POUND 10c.
PAPA 1- Imperial. 35c tin r>r_
tUlUA Ghirardellis; highest /Sf
vvvvn type of d i gestlble cocoa . £Jl»
GINGER SNAPS, POUND 10c.
PORK AND BEANS S"^ 5 C
Price cut In half; 1 dozen limit. Usually
10c.
LUNCH TONGUE, TIN 20c.
BUTTED Elgin creamery. Pound. r%(\
DUllL/K Cut ln squares. No /If
UUUljll limlt on Thursday,
Worth 30c.
BYTHINIA WATER, BOTTLE 20c
CLARET SffiK^sgsSs W
v/urtivLii Lowest posslbIe prlce ;-J0l
Regular 65c.
HOLLAND GIN, 90c bottle 60c
WUIQFEV Jesse Moore AA, Old Gov-
WlllollCiI ernment. Old Crow, Mono-
Quart botties.f i : am :.e! d .?. ei : m : tase - 7^
5 best brand. Drug store price 5115 ' J "
MORE MONEY GIVEN AWAY
sugar Spsassssssji no
uuimil This sale for customer^
t£+* S™ 06 ") leaving orders Saturday
night from 6 to 11 o'clock. Two dollars or
Took over 500 orders last sale.
i B 1 13 Ef*3 £a E3E1 BloJi
RPTTQW17Q FOR BARBERS. BAR.
DAUOllJldt"- bootblacks.' bath-
houses, billiard tables
brewers, bookbinders, '. candy-makers, canners'
dyers, flounnills. foundries, laundries. ; paper*
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
\A/. X. HESS,
ROTART PUBLIC AND ATTOaNEY-AT-LAW
Tent* Floor, Bid*.
SO prominent business m« ,«t .••S»' °*
BOO cures la S. F. For particular. ''.E 110 *-
PHTS1CIAN. box 1950.- Call offlc^ * ddp « M
ffeeft Gal sTISyiS