PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Young Man Is Missing and /Friends Believe He Is Dead,
but Investigation Shows the Alleged Self-Destroyer
• Was Central Figure in a Similar Case Two Years Ago^
TUTTLE POSTS UP HIS OWN DEATH NOTICE
ON DOOR OF RESTAURANT ON GEARY STREET
AFTER MAKING THREATS TO END HIS LIFE
Reporter of the Budget Committee Charges Openly in the
Chamber That Albanians Are Being Aroused and That
Macedonia May Precipitate a Surprise at Any Moment
ITALIAN DEPUTY DECLARES THAT AUSTRIA
IS SECRETLY FOMENTING TROUBLE AMONG
THE DEPENDENT STATES OF THE BALKANS
ROME, June 9.— The sensational ut
terances of Signor / Guccardinl,
the reporter of the Budget Com
mittee, who in the Chamber of
Deputies yesterday declared the
Albanian situation as critical, indicate
that the Italian Government Intends that
Austria shall throw off the mask and
make plain her purpose In Southeastern
Europe. Signor Guccardinl flatly de
clared that the propaganda was carried on
In Albania by Austria-Hungary, citing
IT IT ° WABD TUTTLE, a young cook,
II i [I in business with his father at a
I 11 • restaurant at 482 Geary street for
4* the last' month, has suddenly
dropped • from . sight, and as .he*
made threats last Saturday that he would
America.
. numerous Incidents to substantiate his
i Claim, -i - . LI
j This speech, coming upon the heels of
! the warning recently uttered by Count
.Goluchowski, Imperial Chancellor of Aus
tria-Hungary, makes it plain that Euro
j pean statesmen fear trouble in South
eastern Europe. In fact, Signor Guccar
dini declared that Macedonia might pre
cipitate a surprise at any time.
Count Goluchowski, to whose machina
tions Italian leaders attribute the unrest
in Albania, is the official who was. recent
ly urging a European coalition against
STATESMEN WHO ARE CONCERN
ED IN* THREATENED RUPTURE
BETWEEN AUSTRIA AND ITALY.
NEW -YORK, June 9.— Rev.' von Bruick
huison of Pretoria,' South Af rica,^ the t min
ister'-who; closed the . .Volksraad - with
prayer C after ,¦ President ; Kruser's ; ultima?
turn : had been * read ' to ¦ that " body, - is ! In
this city! "His brother, . Dr.:H. ; J.
Brulckhuison^of the ; Orange ; Free . State,
who served' In^the* Boer, armies, ; accompa
nies him.' : . Their mission in this^country] Is
, to jraise money, for ; the . Boer women ; and
children ,'nbw'ln. refuge camps. Rev. von
Bruickhulson said in an interview: ..
Boers; » besides >. capturing 8000 cattle and
all . the 4 burghers' supplies. ' As- the War
Office " received : no ¦ report '. of : the engage
ment a', dispatch was j sent »' to
Kitchener asking him about it. . He' has
now replied,; stating the report was with
out ' foundation. ' ' -: . '
LEADVILLE, Colo., June 9.— Winfield
B. Btratton. the millionaire mineowner of
Cripple Creek, has .redeemed the Match
less mine, in Leadville, for the widow of
the late Senator Tabor in fulfillment of
the promise he was reported to have
made several days ago.
The story of this action of the Cripple
Creek magnate is fraught with an abund
ance of romance. Years ago Senator
Tabor advanced some money to Stratton
when Stratton was a poor struggling
miner, and he never forgot it. When
Tabor died he had lost almost everything
and he was vainly endeavoring to save
the Matchless mine, which he always In
sisted still contained millions In Its lower
contacts sever explored. The I property
was sold some months ago at Sheriff's
sale, and final title would pass on July.
4 to the new:owners. . *"-.
For a year past Mrs. Tabor has been
endeavoring to save the mine, but despite
the fact that there are hundreds of. people
In Colorado that Tabor helped when he
was rich, she could not raise the money.
Stratton heard of her trouble and as
sured her that If the title to the property
was all right he would assist her. " The
title is clear, and a, check for $15,000 will
be paid over to-morrow arid the title. will
revert to Stratton, who will on July, 4
turn the mine over to Mrs. Tabor. : It
was on July 4 that Stratton discovered
the Independence mine, which made him
famous, ' and * It ' Is a strange coincidence
that on that day he will return a kindness
to the widow and fainlly of the man who
helped him when he waa poor.
Senator Tabor was one > of the best
known characters of the "West. He spent
his millions freely and died a. poor man.
It was he who gave the city of Denver
its first start. .
Rockefeller Will Contribute.
TUSKEGEE,-, Ala., June -9.-Princlpal
Booker. T. Washington of the ] Tuskegee
Normal and Industrial Institute has be"en
notified by John D. Rockefeller that he
will be glad to provide the money for the
erection of one of ] the much ' needed dor
mitories for boys; at the Institution. >' ! >; '
•DURBAN.' June 9.— News .of Bullock's
cplumnV- which >s; operating j in the I east-'
era part "of the , Transvaal,, show that dur
ing the past three weeks the British have
made frequent^ successful night attacks
while in , pursuit of Commandant : General
Botha's forces." They have .captured ,a
number of * Boers and j large "quantities of
stock. !v Quantities of foodstuffs. have been
destroyed. Efforts - to '] discover [ the loca-"
tlon of the Long Tom in' possession of the
Boers have 'been futile.; 'It. is -persistently
rumored '. here that a general surrender of
the Boers- will take place at an early
date. ;'-. '*.>'¦-¦ ' •- •• • ¦ .¦•¦',...'.¦ ... ¦. -¦
June &—£ ;¦_ dispatch '..¦;. to the
Reuter^Teiegram \ Company^ on * June { 5 . re
ported'that,Colonel >Wilsbni had surprised
Beyer's commando and killed thirty-seven
Millionaire Winfield Stration of Cripple Creek Romantically Returns
a Kindness Rendered Years Ago.
SAVES THE FAMOUS MINE FOR THE DESTITUTE WIDOW
OF A MAN WHO HELPED HIM IN HIS TIME OF POVERTY
CHATJNCEY M. DEPEW '
;¦¦¦*• WILL WED A WIDOW
New Mistress Will Preside in Corco
ran House Bafore Winter
Comes.
WASHINGTON, June 9.-It is urider-
stood in Washington . that "Corcoran
House," which has been the residence of
Senator Depew for the last two, years,
will have a new mistress at, the opening of
the social season next winter. Senator De
pew, it is said, will be married during the
summer to a widow who is now abroad.
His niece. Miss Paulding. who has pre
sided over his Washington home, is now
owner of the residence at. Nineteenth and
N streets 3 which Mr. ; Depew . presented i to
Her. at the time her engagement to Lieu
tenant Edie was announced last winter.
The house, has since been generally over
hauled and improved. . v" ;, ' '.
, Justice. Brewer, who was married a day
or two ago, was a ; classmate ' of Mr. De
pew at Yale, and this fact adds interest
to the report of the Senator's engagement.
Captain Howard ¦ Blackburn Sails
From Gloucester on a Voyage / ;
to Portugal, .".i
WILL ATTEMPT TO CROSS
\ OCEAN IN STVTAT.li SLOOP
GLC>UCESTER, Mass., June 9.— In .'his
25-fqot sloop, the Great Republic,. Captain
Howard Blackburn' ofythls city this after
noon started ¦ on*liis : second ¦ trans-Atlantic
voyage,' his" destination being Lisbon; Por
tugal, which he expects to;reach in forty
five days. ¦*.HIa-' previous voyage in 1899
was to London, which trip took sixty-one
flays. . . The 7s'tart : was V made * : the
plaudits of over 1000 persons. ¦"' t J
; Shortly "after : 2 o'clock the Great' Re'
public,; escorted ,by : a". large.' fleet of boats,
started ' on . her : voyage. She .received a
succession of salutes .until she was nearly
off Thatchers ' Island, when the last of the
escort left her. :r f v > T : '' ¦¦"":
a small cut on her right temple and her
body was badly bruised, but she was not
seriously injured. She was taken back to
Winnemucca and put on the second sec
tion of the train from . which she had
fallen.
Mrs. Davis* daughter was so greatly
shocked by the, occurrence that she was
; prostrated during the entire trip and her
fellow travelers cared for her and her
children. She was frantic to see 'her
mother, who was only a few miles be
hind. At Ogden the second section caught
up with the first and she found her moth
er not dangerously hurt. ..'¦ ,
Mrs.. Davis could make no explanation
save that she went to sleep in her berth
and awakened with a shock, bruised and
bleedingon the ties.
ernoon had her berth made up and lay
down to take a nap. A little before 2
o'clock her. fellow passengers saw her get
up and walk to the rear door of the
coach, onen it and step on to the plat
form. After a few minutes a passenger,
noticing that she did not return, went to
the rear platform to investigate.
The old lady was nowhere to be seen.
She had arisen in her sleep and walked
straight off the train just after it had
left Winnemucca and was traveling at
only a moderate rate of speed. The train
crew was notified and at Golconda a tele
gram was sent to Winnemucca, report
ing the accident. A gang of section men
went out from Winnemucca and found
Mrs. Davis between the rails. There was
DENVER, June n.— Mrs. Phoebe Davis,
an aged woman of Los Anjreles, walked
In her sleep off the roar platform of a
fast movlne train near Winnemucca,
New, on Friday and escaped with only
superficial injuries. Jamos Doolittle of
Honolulu, who was on the traJn and is
stopping at the St. James Hotel, told of
the incident.
Mrs. Davis, with her grown daughter
and two grandchildren, was a. passenger
in the end sleeper of train No. G of the
Southern Pacific, the Oriental mail, which
left San Francisco on the evening of June
6. The children were restless during the
night, and in consequence Mrs. Davis got
little slf?ep. She was worn out and nerv
ous and about 1 o'clock the following aft-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MRS. PHOEBE DAVIS OF LOS ANGELES WALKS IN SLEEP
FROM PLATFORM OF SOUTHERN PACIFIC OVERLAND
Somnambulist Is Picked Up Near Winnemucca Slightly Bruised, but
Otherwise None the Worse for Her Experience!
Howard Tuttle,, roomed at the corner of
Fifth. and Market streets,* and an exam
ination of his room yesterday showed that
he ' had not occupied his apartment on
Saturday night. The news of Tuttle' s
disappearance and threats to end his life
were .reported, to the police by the Cor
oner's office. • " \
Mrs. Theresa Vohs, residing at 132 Clara
street, reported the disappearance of
Howard Tuttle to the Coroner's office.
Mrs. Vohs ls'employed as the cook of the
restaurant.
•Tuttle senior says the death notice was
not" In his son's handwriting. The father
of the missing man opened up the restau
rant, but did not find his son Inside. Ha
found an envelope in which was his son's
opal scarfpin and two unmounted opals.
No letter from young Tuttle waa found.
Tuttle senior did not seem concerned at
his son's disappearance. ¦ He did not re
port the matter to the police or to the
Coroner, but told the employes of the res
taurant to report for work. this morning.
Yesterday morning. when; Tuttle senior
and ' the employes of the ' restaurant ar
rived, at 482 Geary street *to~ prepare* for
workthey found the restaurant closed. A
notice was pasted inside one of the glass
windows of the door, reading:'*- '.
This place is. closed in consequence of tha
death of Howard Tuttla •
Posted His Own Death. Notice.
night, and is supposed to have mailed the
other to his sister. Tuttle was last seen
on Saturday night by bis father.
South Africa, but I know from letters
that I have received— one only the other
day from my sister— that it Is a hundred
times worse now."
When the doctor left South Africa, he
said, he was virtually banished by order
of General Maxwell, military Governor of
Pretoria. Dr. von Bruickhulson said fur
ther ,of the. camps:* *
*> "In a*n official report 'made by Dr. Don
ald P., McKenzie of the British army,' on
February. 13 of this year, the British Gov
ernment Is "notified that the conditions' are .
horrible, the death rate appalling: and the
food furnished wholly unfit to' eat.";
"Our women and children, who are at
present concentrated in camps established
by the British, are in a horrible condJ-'
tlon. It was bad ' , enough . when I [ left
Report of Recent Engagement in Which Boers Were Killed
Is Officially Denied by Kitchener.
. • ' . -¦¦¦ ¦ - • ¦ ' - ¦'"¦•- ¦¦-¦*.•.. . d8HK : ''* "'49NMBHHHHI
BULLOCK'S COLUMN TAKES MANY PRISONERS IN NIGHT
ATTACKS UPON COMMANDANT GENERAL BOTHA'S FORCES
in the last few years.' When not engaged
as a' cook : he* has earned a. living as a
disciple of fistic sport, a ball player and a
foot racer. A month ago he went. into the
restaurant business with his father, T. T.
Tuttle, at 482 Geary street. • Tuttle senior,
was not around the place very often, and
his son attended to the wants of the hun
gry customers.. Two girls were employed
to wait on the patrons and a female cook
assisted the proprietor. '• :
On Saturday afternoon young- Tuttle
told Etta Hoover, -one of *the .waitresses,
that he would not.be seen, again after
he had left the place.
"1 am going to •' kill myself,!' he said,
"and. by. to-morrow I will be food for the
fishes." - • ."-•'-. . ¦
Tuttle started to write a letter to his
s.ster. commencing, "My dear sister, you
•will never, see me again," and then threw
the sheet of paper away. He, however,
was' seen writing a long letter, and told
Etta Hoover that It was lor his sister
and that she would get it by ; mall" on
Monday mornfng. ,'iuttle went to the
Chutes 'and had his photos taken. He
gave .one to Etta 'Hoover on Saturday
commit suicide his relatives and friends
think that he has ended his life." . ' f
Tuttle achieved notoriety' in December,]
1S99, when he was written up by a morn-1
ing newspaper as having committed sui-;
cide on the night of December 10 by jump
ing from the ferryboat San Rafael. ' The
paper that published the "ghastly de
tails" declared that Tuttle was a man of
wealth and that his father was a rich
man, but that unrequited love had caused
young Tuttle to plunge into the waters of
the bay. Whilejsorrow was being poured'
out at the fate of the alleged suicide and
sentimental girls were weeping over the
"cruel father" who had "blighted ! two
young lives"; while school, girls were gaz
ing at the picture of Tuttle jumping from
the ferryboat, with his sweetheart's photo
clasped to' his heart, the man "supposed
to be dead" turned up very much alive
and declared that' the whole story was the
fabrication of a "yellow sheet." ¦ : '
If Tuttle has committed suicide in the
last forty-eight hours he took good care
to make known his intentions. ,\
Foil owed Many Callings. -
Tuttle has followed various occupations
THE YOUNG MAN WHO GAINS NO
TORIETY, BY REPORTS OF SELF
DESTRUCTION.
Chief of Detectives Will Make No
Direct Accusations, but. Says
Prisoner's Statements Are
Contradictory.^ • -"¦', '<
Harry Jackson, assistant janitor at the
Page-street Armory, whose ' . name was
mentioned in connection with the brutal
murder of Robbie Hislop, was arrested
yesterday-- by order of Captain Seymour
and locked up In the tanks , pending a 1
thorough investigation into his move
ments on the night of the awful, tragedy.
For several hours yesterday .afternoon
Edward Linehan, who lives at Octavia
and Oak streets, and Jackson were in the
office of the Chief of Detectives undergo
ing what Is known In police - parlance as
the "sweating", process. Notwithstand
ing the reticence of Seymour arid his men
it is known that the two men were sub
jected to the most'" rigid examination.
After.it was over Seymour released Llne
han but ordered Jackson locked up. "
On the evening of the murder Jackson
and Linehan engaged In a ' fight in the
armory, the last named getting the worst
of the encounter. After leaving the scene
of the. battle Linehan went; to his home
arid securing a hatchet started to return
to the armory. On the way he met an
attorney named Ed Shortall. who upon
learning that Linehan intended to kill
Jackson took the hatchet from him.
Linehan was seen by- several persons
walking along the street ; with his face
bathed In his own blood. Thinking that
he might have had something to do with
the murder, of young Hislop those who
noticed his condition lost no time in no
tifying the police. He was closoly. ques
tioned at the time, but as it" was- evident
that ' he was innocent of, any] connection
with, the murder he was not ferrested. . .
i Just what evidence the
against. Jackson,"! "¦.Captain : Seymour -'''re-'
fuses to -state. 'When •questioned last
night the head of the 'detective depart
ment iaughingly remarked that he was
justified In arresting Jackson* as he was
a deserter from the cruiser Philadelphia.
"Do you suspect him of having any
thing to do ¦with the murder?" was asked.
"I have nothing to say at the present
time," he answered. "I have seen fit to
detain Mr. Jackson, and that is all there
is to it."
Jackson prior to Joining, the navy was
a member of Company A. First California
Infantry. 1 He returned from Manila with
his health greatly impaired, but soon re
covered.
While admitting that he and Linehan
had a fight on the evening of the killing
of little Robbie Hislop, Jackson denies
any knowledge of the murder.
"Linehan and I had a , wordy \argu
ment," he said last night, "and blows fol
lowed. .1 soon convinced him' that I was
far cleverer with my fists, and he quit.
Some time afterward I heard that he had
a hatchet which he • intended to use on
me, but I religiously kept out of his way.
I was greatly pleased when I was told
about an hour later that the hatchet had
been taken ,» Way from him, as I was
afraid that he would hurt me with it.
"I know absolutely nothing about the
murder of young Hislop, and am at a loss
to understand why the police see fit to
detain me." ' . . ,'..'.- *
"He will have to explain some contra
dictory statements," is the only declara
tion of importance* that Seymour ".will
make in regard to the arre"st of Jackson.
May Know Something
of Robbie Hislop
Murder.
Captain Seymour ; Has Him
Detained After Ques- .
tioning Him.
ORDER GIVEN
FOR ARREST
OF JACKSON
VOLUME XC-NO. 10.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY;, JUNE 10; 1901.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.'WASHINGTON, June 9.— The slight Im
provement in Mra. McKlnley's health
which manifested itself the latter part
of the week continues, and hope begins to
be felt that she may after all recover
from the present attack. The improve
ment, however, is so slight as not to
change materially the extreme gravity
of the case. The usual consultation oC
the physicians . was h^eld this morning,
and at its close the following bulletin
was issued:
11:13 a. m.— Mrs. McKlnley's physicians re
port that she passed a very comfortable night
and continues to tmorove.
The fact that Mrs. McKlnley has mora
than held her own and that no unfavor
able turn has occurred Is considered In
every way encouraging-, but as this re
sult is due . partly to the constant use o'
powerful medicines the physicians fear
the effect of reducing the stimulants, and
likewise have to cope with the effect on
her system of the constant administra
tion of the only means of prolonging her
life and making ultimate recovery at
least a possibility. These stimulants and
the complaint from which she suffered in
California, which is now under better con
trol, have so weakened her powers of re
sistance that apprehension is ever pres
ent that a sinking spell may occur sud
denly from which she cannot be rallied.
Dr. Rixey regularly makes three visits
each day, one in the morning, when
there is a consultation of physicians; an
other in the afternoon and a third in the
evening. He called this afternoon about
3 o'clock, and finding Mrs. McKlnley
comfortable and progressing as well as
could be expected he and the President
went out for a long drive, lasting more
than an hour and a half, both going to
the sick room at once upon returning.
Subsequently tl.e doctor said that no ma
terial change had occurred since the
morning bulletin.
Friends, official and personal, of the
Presidential family, continue to show
their sympathy by personal inquiries at
the door and by leaving their, cards.
Even the members of the Cabinet, as a
rule, merely leave their cards in order to
avoid disturbing the patient. Mr3. Charles
Emory Smith, Secretary Long, Lieuten
ant General and Mrs. Miles. Assistant
Secretary of War Sanger and Miss Hitch
cock were among those who thus ex
pressed their sympathy during the day.
Dr. Rixey after his visit to the Whits
House to-night said on leaving at 10:30
o'clock:
"Mrs. McKlnley is slowly improving.
She is resting very comfortably now and
is doing very nicely."
Mrs. McKinley will be taken to Canton
whenever she is In condition to make tho
Journey. Extensive improvements have
been made at the McKinley home in Can
ton, and it was planned last autumn that
she and the President should go to Can
ton about July 1 of this summer. In case
of Mrs. McKlnley'a recovery this plan
1 will be carried cut, though it is not ex-
I pected she would be strong enough to
I .leave here the 1st of July, even if im-
I provement should continue steadily.
Constant Use of. Stimulants.
Has "Weakened Her Power
of Resistance.
Physicians Have Only
Another Sinking Spell
to Pear.'
MRS. M'KINLEY
GAINS SLIGHTLY
Georgians are "Buzzarda," from a State
law protecting, these birds.* -_ r-v--- ...
Artists should look over their; colors be
fore ', going J to the p- country,; sketching.
Stock up - : on your.'.'Winsor &' Newton,
Masury's. ' Devoe's . and . Sanbonv Vail j &
Co. oil; colors."--. Our;stock:of; water col
ors, sketching : easels • and t other artists'
materials is very complete.' Sanborn, Vail
& Co.", 741 Market street. - ' ¦¦¦- *
¦ The results of the swimming contests
at 7 Sutra ; Baths yesterday were as fol
lows: /> . \ ; •
50-yard ." race— T. .' Sunburg , first, ¦' J. Gramsy
second. t - Under ' water swimming— H. Leicken
first. A.' Earsny second. ;10O-yard race— T." Sun
burg first,' H. . ' Lelcken second. . - Springboard
diving — T. Sunbure first, • H. Letcken second.
High dlvtnz— W. Stockton first; T.' Sunburg
Sutro Baths ; Swimming Contests.
NEW , ORLEANS, ';: June'"?' 9.— Richard
Griffith; one of the best known press tele
graph operators in the country, died here
to-day... ¦¦- .. •-: . ... .; • . •, . •
Death of Richard Griffith.
DUBUQUE, Iowa,' June 9.— A boat con
taining five" persons returning from a
fishing trip was upset during a storm on
the Mississippi three miles north of here
to-day. Julius Guderlan # and wife ' and
Mrs. Nicholas Kalle were drowned. v The
crew of." a ferry-boat rescued two .boys
who hung onto the upturned skiff for. an
hour. They; were nearly exhausted when
assistance reached them. . : . . *' : >•
Drowned During a Storm.
Much Ice in Bering Sea.
A private letter' received by the Lynde
& Hough Company; from Sand Point says
this has been , the worst season - In years
up north. May 14 • was - the first fine day
at Sand Point this year, and reports from
the north say that it will be the latter
part of June before the . gold hunters
reach Nome. Ice is everywhere and .tho
cannery: fleet '¦ cannot get to the flshlnjr
grounds. The cod fishing fleet has reach
ed , Sand- Point, but the vessels cannot
reach the banks for the Ice. All In all, it
looks as if those who made an early start
for *the gold < fields . will not gain very
much ; headway,, and vessels that' left
weeks after them may reach Nome first.
Special Officer John Fitzgerald late yes
terday afternoon shot James Conwell of
538% Brannan street in the right leg, in
flicting a serious wound. The shooting
occurred at First and Brannan streets.
Several tears ago Fitzgerald arrested
"Skinny" Conwell, a brother of the
wounded man,' for breaking into the Cal
ifornia warehouse, at Second and Town
send streets. "Skinny" was convicted of
the crime and sent to San Quentin for
two years and a half. After being re
leased, ¦ a short time ago,, he and ¦ his
brother swore to be revenged on the spe
cial.
Meeting Fitzgerald ' on Bra"nnan street
shortly before 6 o'clock last evening, the
brothers, accompanied by several other
men, started, to beat him. James Con
well, so Fitzgerald claims, struck him on
the mouth, cutting a deep gash in his lip.
Thinking they would not hesitate to kill
him, he says, he drew his -revolver and
fired a shot at his assailant, the bullet
striking him in the leg. . , • .
Just then PolJce Officer Hanneberry ap
peared and placed Fitzgerald under arrest
for an assautt with a { deadly weapon.
Conwell was removed to the Harbor Hos
pital; where his wound was dressed. 1 His
brother was not arrested..
John Fitzgerald, Being Attacked,
Sends a Bullet Into James
• Conwell's Leg.
SPECIAL OFFICER SHOOTS •
ONE OF HIS TORMENTORS
They Keep Coining.
Another large shipment of our supe
rior gold-plated clocks Just received. All
are thoroughly guaranteed for movement
and finish. Make elegant presents. We
are glad to show them and to give you
prices.. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •
Frjiiiclsco— L. Seeliger, at Grand Union;
E D. Baker, -at Navarre; L. J. Ersklns,
M.-E. Ersklns, at Murray Hill; S. Flamm,
at Herald Square; W. B. Gilbert and wife,
at New Amsterdam; Miss Houghton, at
Manhattan; H. G. Allisr at Everett; J.
F. Baker, at Morton; P. D. Mortort,. at
Holland.- ' . .' ' • ¦ v w /
From Los Angeles— H. L. Brown, at
Hoffman; C. W. Pendleton, at St. Denis;
F. Conroy and wife, at Murray Hill.
CAXrFOItNIANS IN NEW- .YORK.
NEW YORK, June 8.— The following
Californians are in New -York: From San
NEW YORK, June 9.— Edward Moran,
the eminent marine and landscape
painter, died this afternoon in his apart
ments and study, in .Fifth avenue, from
uraemlc poison, superinduced by a com
plication of diseases, from which he had
been suffering for about a year. . , .
Edward Moran was born in England .in
1828. When he was 12 years old 5 the family
came to America and settled in Maryland.
Later they went to , Philadelphia, but
twenty-flve years ago he came to New
York, where he l»as since made his home.
' - , ¦ — 2 « . ; • -
Had Been Suffering for About a Year
.From a Complication of
Diseases. • . ,i :;
EDWARD MOBAN", A NOTED
PAINTEB, DIES IN NEW YOBTK
The annual reunion and picnic of St.
Charles parish will take place to-morrow
at Fernbrook, Niles Canyon, and arrange
ments have been made to accommodate a
large attendance .of the members of.tlr?
parish and their families. Tho broad
gauge boat will leave the ferry at r>:30
a m. with those who attend the picnic,
the return from the grounds being made
at 5:30 p. m. A large list of prizes will
be awarded to the winners of the various
games. The committees having the affair
in charge are as follows: -
' General— Thomas Learned (chairman). Harry
McCarthy (secretary). Lieutenant Colonel X>.
J. McGloin. A. B. Magruire, F. J. I "Weyland,
Joseph Kelly, Captain B. Glennon, J. J. Con
nolly, F. Zan. George Lynch. J. . Rlley, J. Fal-
Ion, J. J. Jordan. E.J. Coffey, , Jamea Hayes,
J. Dyer and J. Cullen.-
Press— Rev. J. McDonald and E. J. Coffey. '
Transportation - and grounds — H. McCarthy
(chairman). E. J. Coffey, J. J. Jordan. Lieu
tenant Colonel D. J. McGloin and J. Kelly. •
Tickets— Lieutenant - Colonel D. J. McGloin.
Printing:— Joseph Kelly (chairman). Rev. E.
Looney, J. Doyle, E. J. Coffey.
Music— J. J. Jordan (chairman). Captain E.
Glennon and L. Marks. - .
Floor— Dr. Charles J. McCarthy (manager).
T. Dougherty, J. Fallon, Lieutenant Colonel
D. J.' McGloin, Lieutenant G. McCarthy, 1 F.
Morton. -Lieutenant J. H. O'Brien. Lieutenant
M. McCann. K. K. Armstrong. James Meehan
and Captain E. Glennon. **. .» »
- Prizes— J. Doyle (chairman). James Rlley, J.
Dyer, .R. Doran. James Kiernan and J. E.
O'Brien. • .
Games— Lieutenant Frank Dougherty Cchalr
man), J.- J. Connolly, F. J.~ "Weyland. John
Bannerman, J. Hayes, A. : B. Masuire, J. H.
Quinn and Thomas Learned. • •
Reception— Joseph Kelly (chairman). T. H.
Bannerman, T. O'Hara, Thomas Learned, J.
; O'Connor, John Morton, A. D. Mclnnes, F.
Zan and J. Cullen. . . :«.*•?-
THOUSANDS EXPECTED
TO BE IN ATTENDANCE
St. Charles Picnic Takes Place To-
Morrow at Fernbrook, Niles
Canyon.
Splendid Harvest Assured.
LONDON/ June 10.— Plentiful rains have
fallen in South Russia, says the Odessa
correspondent of the Standard,- and a
splendid harvest la assured. '
LONDON, June 9. — "The, Russian Gov
ernment," says the Moscow correspondent
of the Daily Express, "has been arresting
and sending into exile prominent persons
suspected of complicity in revolutionary
agitation. Among them is Count Bro
binski, a descendant of Catherine' the
Great. \ . i
, Sending Suspects Into Exile.
MINERAL POINT, Wis., June 9.—Thir
teen thousand dollars more of . the gold
coin stolen from the First! National Bank
here May 24 has been recovered. It was
found in -ail outhouse of the City Hotel,
about a block from the looted bank, at
which the prisoner, 8tevrart Jeleff , board
ed. It is believed that the detectives ob
tained information from the prisoner as
to the hiding place of the coin. A detec
tive went into the vault and dragged the
treasure from its hiding place. This find
and the $8000 before recovered comprises
all the gold missing from the bank. The
balance, $5800, Is In currency, and the de
tectives hope to recover it later.
Find It in an Outhouse a Short
Distance From a Looted
Bank.
¦DETECTIVES RECOVER
MORE v STOLEN GOLD
Gibson, in the Circuit Court, has refused
to dismiss Utley Wedge, receiver of the
Slegel-Sanders Livestock Commission
Company, whose removal was requested
by minor stockholders in the company.
Wedge was appointed a month ago on the
application of Frank Rockefeller of Cleve
land, principal stockholder in the com
pany, and some of the other stockholders
alleg-e that the receiver, favored Rocke
feller in adjusting the firm's affairs.
Since the failure President Siegel has
been arrested, charged with misapplica
tion of more than $100,000. Rockefeller had
helped reorganize the firm, and on the
stand testified to having signed for Sie
gel's use in straightening out its affairs
guarantees in blank that afterward turned
up for $750,000. . . .->" •; .'; <
United States Circuit Judge Decides
Against Stockholders of a Com- .
mission Company.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 9.— Judge
COURT REFUSES TO
DISMISS THE RECEIVER
BABBEB COMMISSIONERS
ABE BEADY TO ORGANIZE
Slaughter - House Employes Will
Probably Walk Out This
Morning.
The* new Board of' State Barber Com
missioners will meet for organization at
room 207, Emma Spreckels building, next
Wednesday afternoon. The board, which
wa3 recently appointed by Governor Gage,
is composed of J. J. Callsh, Frank Flem
ing of Sacramento and P. W. Drake of
Los Angeles. It is likely that Mr. Callsh
will bo, selected aa president of the com
mission, with the member from Los An
geles as secretary. There is another posi
tion in the gift of the commission, which
will be filled by a local man when the
body gets together. According to Mr.
Calish, graduates of the so-called "barber
colleges" will have a close shave to sub
stantiate their position in the tonsorial
world.
The Iron Trades Council met yesterday
morning at 1133 Mission street to con
sider matters concerning the strike situa
tion. The Steel Workers 'are contemplat
ing similar action to that taken by the
Iron Molders, purely as a matter of sym
pathy. \ They are affiliated with the Iron
Trades Council, but so far have refrained
from any active participation in the labor
disturbance.
As a resplt'of the conference held yes
terday it was decided not to handle any
work from other than union workmen.
This will practically tie up every shop in
the city,' because with the iron molders
and steel workers out it will be impossible
to finish any work now on hand.
A serious 'condition of; affairs exists in
the ranks of the journeymen butchers.
While the market employes have practi
cally obtained every concession demand-'
ed, the slaughterers have many griev
ances | and it i is expected they will walk
out in a body -this, morning.
What is -known as. the Boss Butchers'
Association. , composed of the proprietors
of the smaller shops, met yesterday after
noon at tho Turk-street .Temple and de
cided 'to "; concede all demands made -upon
them, including the placing of the union
cards." The fairness of the Morning<Call
in treating the matter of the strike" wnt
commended and a. series of resolutions
was adopted complimentary to this paper.
Laborers' Protective Union ; : No. 8944.
American Federation of. Labor, held its
1 regular meeting yesterday afternoon . and
initiated ' twenty new, members and '. re
ceived applications from • thirty-seven
others.,- . ¦'-¦¦* vV-- -. • *-.¦¦¦.
Von licrger urrivod In tho city from
Kturliintl on tho Oceanic nn April 16,
and registered at the Waldorf-Astorlu*
Later ho moved to tho Grand Union Ho
tel, n tul a few days a#o he left town.
All of the time the detectives hnve' been
shadnwlngr him. The man admitted his
Identity, and said, among other things,
that he had been at one time a director
In a Hebrew charitable Institution at
Cleveland.
According to the officers who made
the arrest the man is Dr. Franz von
Herder, an alleged swindler of interna
tional notoriety. Tho namo of the wo
rn »m was not learned.
NEW YORK, June 9.— In the Grand
Central station thia morning a tall, .well
dressed man of foreign appearance, ac
companied by a woman, was arrested
by a United States Deputy Marshal and a
Plnkerton detective.' The officers told
the man that they wanted him on a
matter of the alleged larceny of £500 In
England, taken from the Deutsche Bank
of London. Tho man protested that his
arrest was a mistake. The woman, weep-
Ing, got Into a cab and yas driven away.
The prisoner was taken to the Ludlow
street Jail, and will bo arraigned to
morrow.
London Swindler Caught
by the New York
Detectives.
FUGITIVE BANK
THIEF RUN DOWN
Aft«r nn examination of all that has been
publlnhod during tho pa«t two year*, my con
viction la tliat wo lmv« here to do with a
papular iMuhW-m an remarkable as li the bt>-
Il*f In th« effect of the moon on the w*ath»r.
The unoducated pfnimntry of Kiiropo neem'to
»io lnoklnir for nomcthln* mlra^ulmi*. They
would nithiT believe In cannonnctlnK an a
means of protection and upend on It abun(1nnci«
of money, time and labor than adopt th# very
vlmple expedient of mutual insurance itgalnst
thi* Iomm-m that mutt Inevitably occur.
The grrat procesneB going on In the atmos
phere aro conducted oh too large a ncala to
warrant any man or nation In attempting to
control them. , The eneray expended by nature
in the production of a hailstorm, a tornado or
a rainstorm exceeds the combined energy of
alt the Bteam engines and explosives In the
world.--- It-Is useless for mankind to combat
nature on this scale.
After^the ext>eH*nee that this country has
had during; the pant ten years with rainmak
ers, I am loth to believe that the bombard
ment of hailstorms will ever be nractlced or
even attempted In the United' States, much
less encouraged by the intelllKent portion of a
community. Every effort should be made to
counteract the spread of the Italian delusion
which has been Imported Into this country by
Consul Covert. ¦ ¦ .
WASHINGTON, June 9.— The extensive
reports of United States Consul Covert at
Lyons,. France, relative to the success of
cannon-firing in France as a means of
protecting orchards and vineyards from
hailstorms and also for the purpose of
mitigating or nullifying the effects of
frosts upon vegetation, have prompted nu
merous inquiries by horticulturists in this
country as to when, If at nil, our Govern
ment would adopt similar methods of pro
tection.
ProfeHsor Willis I. Moore, the chief of
the Weather "Bureau, acting under the di
rection of Secretary Wilson, therefore has
Issued to the presa tho following state
ment:
Weather . Bureau Chief
Says Rainriakers Are
Deluded.
MATURE BEYOND
CONTROL OF MAN
1J12RL1N, June 9.— Throughout last week
the Hoerse continued under the influence
of New York nnd this fact, coupled with
tho very considerable depression now ex
lstlnK In business, madn th» week one of
the dullest known for years.' Tho extra
ordinary abundance of money did not ex
ert a stimulating* influence, but, on tho
contrary,, a panicky feeling 1 was often
shown by sudden declines in values on
very small transactions.
Speculation In Americans wholly ceased
and but little was done in Canadians.
Not even the reduction of the Bank of
England rate had favorable effects here.
The Relschsbank is preparing for a
strain when large American grain pur
chases must be made as a result of the
deficiency in the Prussian' crops.
The Hamburg municipality has appro
priated 32,000,000 marks for harbor im
provements. ¦ .
LONDON, June 9.— In spite of the re
duction of tho bank rate, accompanied by
easy money and encouraging New York
quotations last week, the Stock Exchange
was decidedly sluggish at the end. This
stagnation is attributed largely to the
Epsom attractions, which drew off a ma
jority of the large operators. The weak
ness of home railway shares and other
domestic securities added a depressing ef
fect. As a matter of fact, the Stock Ex
change Is not yot in a humor to respond
to the favorable prospect ahead and hesi
tates bofore resuming rational operations,
so soverely checked by the Northern Pa
cific excitement. There Is no doubt, how
ever, that Ixmdoh business is on the eve
of a revival and American securities offer
the only nt tractive Held of operations.
To-morrow the Stock Exchango for gen
eral purnosrH will tnko up the* question
of rescinding tho Northern Pacific suspen
sion order.
American Securities Are
Favorites With Op
erators.
LONDON MARKET
STILL SLUGGISH
PEKING, June 9.— The Chinese express
great satisfaction at the announcement of
the intention of the court to return to
Peking in September. All the foreign
troops, with the exception of the lega
tion guards, are expected to withdraw be
fore the middle of that month, the only
troops not already under orders of with
drawal being the Japanese, whose Gov
ernment is sending reliefs. It is said,
however, at the Japanese legation that
when Japan is absolutely certain the other
powers are evacuating her own troops can
be withdrawn on two days' notice. . ¦ \
General Voyron, the French commander,
has instructions to leave one brigade for
service in China, and the French trans
ports are en route. Tha British will have
completed their departure by the end of
September, ten transports making two
Journey* to India, /
YOKAHAMA, June O.-Count von WrI
<lrrneo, who arrived hero to-day on the
Uernmn cruiser Herthn, from Taku,
In ruled Immediately ami proceeded to
Toklo.
Evacuation of China Will
Be Accomplished by
Autumn.
FOREIGN TROOPS
FIST DEPARTING
lnthian yachts made McNears Landing
on Saturday night, the only San Francisco
boat to reach the rendezvous was the
yawl Phyllis. The wind dropped down
toward evening and Vice Commodore R.
S. Bridgman'a sloop Thetis made Mc-
Nears between 3 and 4 o'clock on Sunday
morning, while Dr. T. L. Hill's sloop
Cygnus dropped anchor for the night in
Lone Tree Cove, Angel Island. ' Yester-
LOWELL, Mass., June 9.— The headless^
and decomposed body of a young woman
was found under a heap of brush near
Chelmsford this afternoon. Murder had
been committed in a horrible manner, for
the head had been separated from the
trunk by a series of slashes from a dull
weapon. The meager clothing affords no
clew to the identity of the victim, arid the
circumstances offer a case of Interest out
side rather than in the direct community,
an the theory is that the body had been
taken into th« woods and thrown in a
spot that offered some seclusion.
A physician on vlewlnj? the body
thought it had lain In the place whero it
wan found four or live wenk*. To-morro;v
the entire neighborhood will be carefully
looked over in hope of flndlnj? the wo
man's* head. Whether or not thero were
body wounds rcmnins to bo shown by ex
amination. An abrasion n«*nr th«s hoim
may have bfen fatal. One of the men who
itSBigted In removing the body concluded
that the nbrn«l»m wnt from a bullet. The
police know of no mlanlnic woitmn In Ix>w
«11 or nelRhboringr town*. TJheyijelieve the
body was taken into tho woods.
Woman's Headless Body
Is Found in the
Brush.
B- OSTON, June 9.— The Independ
ence had another short sail in
the bay late this afternoon and,
. the breeze being only ' moderate,
' the yacht spread more canvas
than has yet been hoisted. The sea was
smooth and again she proved her won
derful reaching qualities, besides showing
considerable ability in windward work.
Not only did ehe hold very well up to the
GHASTLY CRIME
BAFFLES POLICE
j breeze, keeping within an average of three
points, but she footed quite fast and
tacked in the neighborhood of twenty sec
onds. The trial was confined to less than
two hours of actual sailing, most of the
time being spent on the wind or reaching,
and' as yet the yacht has not been sent
I dead to. leeward, it being thought well to
wait for the spinnaker and club topsail.
There was no accident to-day, barring
a slight rent in the mainsail, which rath-
Breeze and Heavy Sea.
While a considerable number of Cor-
San Franciscos Encounter, a Stiff
CBUISE OF THE YACHTS.
er hindered the setting of that great piece
of canvas. The yacht may go out again
to-morrow afternoon, although there is
considerable work to be done upon her.
TX5NDON, June 10.— United States Sen
ator Beveridge, according to the St. Pe
tersburg correspondent of the Daily Mail
will not find much difficulty in securing
from the Russian Government a conces
sion for a steamship line from the United
States to Vladivostok or to Port Arthur
Will Grant the Concession.
ROME, June 9.— It is asserted in reliable
quarters that Cardinal Gibbons, in the
course of his frequent -conferences with
Cardinal Rampolla. Papal Secretary of
Ktate. Monsignor Noraleda. Archbishop
of Manila, and ether high ecclesiastics in
addition to effecting a settlement cf the
question of the properties of the religious
orders in the Philippines, is negotiating
for an extension to Cuba and the Philip
pines of the jurisdiction of the apostolic
delegation at Washington.
CARDINAL GIBBONS STILL
NEGOTIATING AT ROME
Wants Jurisdiction of Apostolic Dele
gation Extended to Cuba and:
the Philippines:
CHICAGO. Jun* 9.-Membcr» of th«
Amalgamated Woodworkers' Union, who
nr* employed in Million, mores and office
fixture manufactories, at a meeting to
nljsht dfeld«-d to, go on Btrlko July 1 if
thHr G>mnnd» for a minimum *eal« of.
wokc* «>f Z> <«-m* «n hour hjvJ a nlni-lmtir
<lny Hhtili not bp granted. Thn manufuc
turf-rn fubmlttpd a projiOKltlon to tho
union mnkinj? th<» wneea for cablnct-mak
rr* nnd machine hands j: and for HhImIi
*T? '.' *" for nlr "* hourn. Tho m^n claim
thU Ik a reduction of 10 ppr cent on last
yarj> ttcale. and If necrsnary they will
f trik** to force tho manufacturer* to come
to terms. About 2000 men arc nfrccte'J. ¦
Scale of Wages r.nd a Nine-
Hour Bay.
They Make a Demand for a New
WOODWORKERS PREPARING
TO GO OUT ON STRIKE
The convention will meet in secret ses
tion to-morrow. It is expected that several
days will elapse before the vote is known.
HAVANA. June 9.— The conservative
members of. the constitutional convention
are absolutely confident to-night that the
Platt amendment. will be accepted and
that several radicals will Join with the fif
teen delegates who have heretofore voted
in favor of the acceptance. The last few
days seem to have brought about a de
cided change in the attitude of delegates
who had been bitterly arraigning the
Washington Government for rejecting the
convention interpretations of the amend
ment. The strong pressure from the out
tide brought to bear upon the convention
to finish its business and place the coun
try upon a settled basis has had an ex
cellent effect upon the radicals, inducing
them to accept the inevitable, and some
of them now argue that it would be per
haps better to accept the amendment, hop
ing for some form of independence, rather
than to prolong the military occupation of
the island.
tional Convention Expect Support
From the Radicals.
Lve Members of Constitu-
PLATT AMENDMENT NOW
LIKELY TO BE ACCEPTED
Notwithstanding no overt act has been
attempted yet. threats have been made
against the Crabtrees by many of the
*-trangers in town, and the county officials
are taking all the precautions possible to i
protect the prisoners. Galena is off the j
railroad, and the fact that 2000 persons |
would care to come miles to attend the
hearing is considered significant. /
It has been decided to exhume the body
nf the girl that it may be examined by the
doctors to investigate a theory of the
County Prosecutomhat the Crabtree boys i
Wiled her to hide another crime. I
GALENA. Mo., June 9. — An unusual
pcene la presented here at the preliminary
hearing of Mrs. John Stallion, her father,
James Crabtree and his two sons, Frank
and Charles Crabtree, for the murder of
Alice Stallion, the woman's 16-year-old
stepdaughter. The hearnig is being held
in a grove, the two Justices sitting at a
table under a tree, -and 2000 persons, at
tracted from points for .miles around,
forming a circle about the court and de
fendants.
pected Murderers of Alice
Stallion.
mSSOTJBJANS HOLD
COUKT IN A GROVE
Novel Scene at the Hearing of Sus-
NEW YORK. June 9.— That army offi
cers should continue their schooling as
long as they are In the service of the
United States is the policy urged on the
Government by Dr. Benjamin Ide Wheel
er president of the University of Califor
nia, who has Just come to New York after
spending a week at West Point as one of
the President's representatives on the
Hoard of Visitors at the United States
Military Academy.
"Army officers ought not to regard their
education as ended on their graduation
from West Point." said President Wheel
or to-day. "They are professional men
and a system should be established by
which they may from time to time engage
in systematic professional studies to
bring' themselves abreast of the times.
"West Point is the best military school
in the world. It represents the liberal
military education, as contrasted with the
extreme specialization of the military
schools of France. Germany and Russia.
The West Point cadet is soundly trained
5n the foundation principles of all the four
great branches of the service — engineer
in?, artillery, cavalry and infantry.
"But in provision? for keeping our offl- I
cers in touch with advancement in their
profession we lag: behind other countries. 1
The necessity of spending several thou
sand doliars a year more than his income
which devolves upon the military attache
at an American legation abroad makes it
possible for only a few of our officers to
onjoy this great opportunity to learn.
Once in four years every officer should
have a furlough of from four to six
months to study foreign military meth
ods."
Benjamin Ide Wheeler
Advocates a New
Policy.'
Urges That Our Fighting
Men Be Sent to Learn
Foreign Methods.
ARMY OFFICERS
SHOULD STUDY
the san francisco call;;monday; juke -io^
Millionaire Thomas Lawsons Craft During .a Two-Hour Sail in a Mode^
of Holding Well Up to the Wind and Tacking in^ Fast Time-^-Gwner Awaits the Placing of the
Spinnaker and Club Topsail- Before Testing ; Her Powers on a Run Dead to Leeward
YACHT INDEPENDENCE SHOWS HER WONDERFUL REACHING QUALITIES
WHILE ON A TRIAL SPIN UNDER AN INCREASED SPREAD OF CANVAS
HOW SIR THOMAS UPTON'S NEW RACING YACHT LOOKED AFTER THE DISASTER ON MAY 22,
The arrow No. i points to where King Edward VII is standing. Arrow No. 2. shows Sir Thomas Lipton, whose hat was knocked off, and arrow
NO. 3 points tO Captain Sycamore: - (Illustration reproduced from the New'. York Tribune.) . '
T. Tomllnson, assistant marine super
intendent of the Rlsdon Iron "Works. Is
to Join the ranks of th»« benedicts next
month. Early In July he i3 to marry
Miss Nellie Hart of San Jose. Mr.Tom
linson is well known along the water
front, and has a host of friends amovt;
the irarlne engineers. - ¦ •
Will Soon Be a Benedict.
day morning J. D. Spreckels* schooner
Lurline, the sloops Cygnus, Thetis. Sur
prise and Thelma cruised out toward Point
Bonita, enountering a stiff breeze and a
heavy sea. Commodore W. N. McCarthy's
Raraona and the sloops Mischief and Siren
were also under way. The Corinthian
fleet left McNears In the forenoon to get
the benefit of the last of the ebb tide.
Moorings were made at an early, hour
both at Sausalito and Tiburon.
2
®VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MOnMON BISHOP'S PILLS
hav* bc«n In uno over fltty
yearn by tho leaders of thi
Mormon Ckurch and thtts fol*
lowers, roaltlvcly euro th«
wor*t cases In old and young
arlriln* from effecta of »rlf-
ahus*. dtsxlpatlon, excegaes or
¦ cigarette-smoking. Cur* Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltne»» to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. -»» --* Varlcocele or Con -
Miration. Stop Nc*5O rvous Twitchlns
of Eyelids, Effects iCjTL * r e Immediate.
Impart visor andC*» TS potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure U at
hand. Restore small, undeveloped ¦ organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box; 6 for $2 50 by mall. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with « box^ > - Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOR REMEDY CO.
10 Ellis «t., San . Francisco. Cal. GRANT
DRUG CO.. 38 and 40 Third st. ¦¦
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
C% lOSlKASZXTST.tei.e-Ji&ra.S.r&L
nr^ The Largest Anatomical Mmeum In tHe
_^JL^_ World. Weaknesses or iny contracted
flESlglJ disease po»Jt«»«-ly »r«d by the oldest
>S3 5ja 1 Specialist on the Coast. JUc. 36 years.
JS«3f ft DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
I &S&B Consultation free and strictly priTati.
I YSotB Treatment personally or by letter. A
I f/nf Positi?* O<r« in every ca« undertaken.
S a 11 A W " te to * Bo 4 *- Mm-QMOFHV of
• 9 11™ ¦ARaUGE, MAILED FREE. ( A
JJ ll valuable book for mm)
Da JOKt>AH A CO., 1031 Market .St., S. F.
DB.MEYERS&CO.
Specialists.. . Dis-
ease and "Weakness
of men. Estab-
lished 1SS1. Consul-
tation and private
book free, at offlcs
or by mail. Cures
guaranteed. 731
Market stre«t (ele-
vator entrance).
Ban Francisco.
BADWAI'S KEADT RKLIEi' has stood
unrivaled before the public for 60 years as a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
tor Malaria and all Bowel falsa. All drogglat*
¦
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦¦:%¦-_ " r \
8 Om Swallow doesn't
U make the summer but It's
n a sign it's time to make x
I Mires
1 Rootbeer
H Drive* away tho winter pallor ¦
I and tint* thn cheeka with ro«y
I health. A Sict. package m*kM
H I sallona.
a AAdtt— !
1 CHARLES C. HIRES COMPANY.
I Matron, Pa.
tftl '^p r
I Californl^-^I
Chutney^tO^t
, Sauce 5^3
makes the V j
j world >O -^!l
6ivas itve savor /^^Tft^fe\ 'Ij&i
Game, SfeaKs,
Chops erc -' j^M^^Zi
AH Grocery \ i VMANILA, June 9.— The American Astro
nomical Commission has ¦ returned from
Sumatra and will shortly sail for home.
PANIC-STRICKEN WOMEN.
LEAP FROM THE CAR
Several Persons Are Seriously In
jured Near San Jose and One
May Die. -
SAN JOSE, June 9.— Several hundred
people were more or less injured and pne
woman, Mrs. Manuel Alves, may die as
a result of an'eccident on- the Alum Rock
Park motor line near this city to-day.
Returning from the park the rear car of
the train jumped the track near a trestle.
The passenger:?- became panic stricken
and leaped from the car. Mrs. Alves was
among those who sought safety In jump-
Ing from the rapidly moving train. She
is. in a delicate condition and- is not ex
pected to recover; A defective rail caused
the accident.' .-,•.¦
Mexican Railroad Changes Hands.
CITY OF MEXICO, June 9.— The Still
well group of American capitalists have
purchased the Pachuca, Kacualtlpan and
Tajnpico Railroad ¦ from Richard H.
Thrice.' The amount paid was $1,000,000
gold coin and 35 per cent of the common
stock in the company to be organized.
The road, will be extended from Sando
val, its junction point with the Vera Cruz
Railroad to Tampico, making a short line
of . twelve hours ' between this city and
Northern Gulf ports. - •
Patriotic Missouri Bird Whistles the
; Air Without a Skip or
"YANKEE DOODLE" IN
CANARY'S REPERTOIRE
Break.
CHICAGO, June 9.— Twelve hundred
dollars may be an extravagant sum to pay
for a canary,- but Louis M. Hedges of 59
Warren avenue does not think so. He says
that he considers a bird sufficiently pa
triotic to whistle "Yankee Doodle" con
tinuously and without losing, a note is
worth even more. ¦ ».
Mr. Hedges has just purchased a two
year-old canary known as "Missouri
Dick" from a shoemaker named O'Brien,
in St. Joseph; Mo. It appears O'Brien,
while sitting at his bench, varied his peg
driving by whistling "Yankee Doodle."
The canary sat perched in its cage direct
ly over his head. Four months ago
O'Brien first heard the bird whistle dis
connected pieces of the tune, but eventu
ally it rendered It as perfectly as he could
whistle it himself.
Special Dispatch to The . Call.
TACOMA, Wash.; June 9.'— Another big
muddle has ocurred in Washington's Pan-
American Exposition Commission and the
entire SJate is aroused over the fact that
even at this late day . Washington's re
sources are not properly represented at
Buffalo. When the State Commission met
a month ago many actions of Executive
Commissioner O. M. Moore were criti
ized and the State Commission decided
that he should not be permitted to man
age things alone at Buffalo. To this
Moore acquiesced, with the result that an
advisory committee, consisting of him
self. Secretary Lawall and Press Agent
Marvin, was appointed to have full con
trol at the exhibition.
Secretary Lawall returned from Buffalo
yesterday, bearing. information that Com
missioner Moore has disregarded' the
wishes of the advisory committee and has
tried personally to control the display. It
is claimed he has issued checks without
the knowledge of other members of the
advisory committee, and that the entire
work has been badly handled. ,For in
stance, lumbering, the State's greatest in
dustry, is absolutely unrepresented at
Buffalo, and the commission had to ar
range to-day by wire to make a pigmy
forestry exhibit of two ¦ carloads.*
It was also learned that one shipment
of freight remains unsent at the Tacoma
depot because Moore failed to arrange to
pay. charges on the same.-' The situation
was thoroughly discussed by Levi.Ankeny
, and. other members of the commission to
night. Finalactlon will be taken at an
adjourned meeting to be held In Seattle
to-morrow ni^ht. ¦ -.. ¦
Blame on a Com
missioner!
Washington People Lay
STATE WROTH
OVER EXHIBIT
CINCINNATI, June 9.— "There has been no time in our * ,._.., — '¦ •¦¦ ~~
history when conditions would so justify the election stfp^' '"- '^^^^C •¦ ""
of a President to a third term as in. the case of Me-, /?<
Kinley," said Congressman Charles H. Grosvenor to- ' M^-^-t^^i^^^^^^^K
day. "McKinley is - personally the most popular .President * / ' ¦ . %
we, have had in ? a long time/and he has certainly; most, credit- ¦* ''&&&$$$ B^iSti
ably performed the duties of his high office., I think it is time,' V r^^^S5^?* ;
furthermore, to demolish the fiction that there is an unwritten " \j . • 'j|^|pS Wr^Si^J
"law established by Washington that -the President of the V " ' '^SS^pSi:'- <'
United States may not: accept a third -.term. The- fapts;. are, ¦ ./ % J% '*M£S%^^U^ ¦
as any student of the times may discover, that it was- fear of .- ;••'• . •' - '
defeat which impelled .Washington' to decline a third' , nomi-x : ; • Charles H. Qrosv«nor.
nation. Being a Federalist, he was the object of .very : vio- .j.— ; — : — : ! -
lent attacks on the part of the D.emocrats of his day, and recognizing' the growing strength of
his opponents, he doubted, as I believe, "his ability to again secure' an election 'if he should
Republican Leader in the Housfe Declares That Condi
tions Would Justify the President's Re-election.
CONGRESSMAN GROSVENOR IN FAVOR
OF A THIRD TERM FOR McKINLEY
It Is rather, to be regretted that James
Neill has chosen to give as his last week's
programme ¦ "A Parisian Romance," pre
sented at the California Theater to a fair
ly good house. last night. Neither for Mr.
Neill nor for any member of his good
company, is there a part in the play that
fits with any degree of comfort. That of
Baron Chevrial, roue, cynic, courtier, is
several sizes too large for Mr. Neill him
self, whose fatal amiability simply smoth
ers every sinister, suggestion in the part.
Not a creep, nor a shadow of a suggestion
of a thrill. is there in the conception from
beginning to end.. His villainy does^ not
horrify—it is too patently assumed; his
tyranny does not enrage — it is too obvi
ously artificial; his greed does not con
vince—he - is • too evidently - good-natured.
He is simply a rather amiable old person,
forced against his better nature by an
exacting playwright into a - wholly un
congenial naughtiness, . and quaintly re
liant on his audience's sympathy with his
underlying righteousness.
Julia Dean has an uncongenial part as
Rose Guerin, 1 * an actress, but does well
with such opportunity as lies in it. Miss
Chapman did - good -work as Madame de
Targy, and is well supported by Frank E.
Camp, who, as Henri | de Targy, gave a
manly and striking presentment of a
pleasing conception." Lillian 'Andrews,
Maude GorSon and Louise ' Brownell were
also pleasing, and John W. Burton took
good care of the part of Dr. Chesnel. The
piece is excellently mounted.
Frank Barton, Ethel Barlow and the
Samayoas are the Olympla's attractions
this week. .
At the .Columbia Theater this evening
Henry Miller will present, for the first
time en any stage an entirely new ro
mantic ! play, entitled "Darcy of the
Guards." This play has been in prepara
tion by Mr. 1 Miller and his company for
some time, and a \ production much out
of ; the -ordinary may be looked for. The
story deals with - people of 1777, and the
locale is Philadelphia at the time of
that city's occupancy by the British un
der Howe and Cornwallis. The title
role, played by Miller, is that of a
young Irish officer of the Grenadier
Guards, on the staff of Lord Cornwallis.
He falls in "love with a pretty colonial
girl, and their story is told most ef
fectively by the author.
The first production - in English i of
Saraou's play, "The Empress Theo
dora," will be given to-morrow night at
the Grand Opera-house, with Florence
Stone In the title role. Melbourne Mac-
Dowell will appear as Andreas, one c»
the traitors to the Emperor Justininn,
with whom the Empress is in love. The
play has not been seen here since it
was given some years a^o by Bernnardi.
The play will be staged with the same
Ep'enaor that has dihtlngtifhed the set
ungs of the other Savi!.>u plays du-.'nj;
Mr. MacDowell's eritjastr.ierit. ¦ A : pro
f css'onal matinee will r*c , given j on
Thursday afternoon, and a : ouvenir por
trait of the actor -will be presented to
•jvery one attending the performance.
The success of "Bonnie Prince Charlie"
at the Alcazar Theater has tM?en such as
to persuade the ; management to j con
tinue the playjior another week.' 'The re
turn of Florence Roberts lo' the popular
hitle ¦ theater has > been the signal for
much ". enthusiasm, and. White Whlttle
sey. in his remarkable personation of the
old blind loyalist and Miss Roberts as
his' grandaughter have 'made strong In
dividual, hits in the play of the week.
"The Countess Valeska," another Julia
Marlowe success, will f V.iow.
Beginning to-night "The Toy Maker,"
at the Tivoli, enters upon its fifth week
of continuous success. The bright lit
tle opera, thoroughly original in plot,
charmingly set to music an # l excellently
done by '-hi- clever folks at the Tttfolt,
rhows y»t no sign of waning popularity,
vhe crowded house being still th<i order
of the night. Annie Myers has made a
record for herself in the part of the
mechanical doll, and others of the com
pany are ¦ also seen to happy advantage.
A feature of the performance i is some
excellent male chorus work. "The Babes
in the Wood" will follow. "-i : ;/ s '.'.-\ -v.-c
"Jim the Westerner'' is the Central's
programme for this week. It is a lively
melodrama, with its local color drawn
irom the East, and is a popular favorite
with lovers of melodrama. It will be
elaborately staged.
Ezra , Kendall, monologulst, humorist
and philosopher, is the big headliner of
the Oroheum. It is not long .since Ken
dall was her.e, but . long . enough for him
to have discovered a new book of humor,
and evolved yet another volume of
philosophy.- Other names are: Gardner
and Maddern, presenting George . H.
Emerick's farce, "Too Many Darlings;'.'
Doherty Sisters, -The Tobins, Spenser
Kelly, * Hines and Remington, ' Florence
Bindley and Flatt and Sutherland.
Charity Martin still heads the list at
Fischer's entertainers, and G. S. "Wan
rell, • the basso, Matildita and Ballet,
Katherine Krieg and Minnie Huff, Car- -
rol, Graville and Graham and Sam
Holdworth are also on this week's pro
gramme.
The bill at the (Chutes includes
Josephine Gassman and her plckannlnies,
Martinetti and Sutherland, from the
Orpheum; Murphy and Hart, Irish come
dians; La Llsta, fire dancer; Clinton
Montgomery, in illustrated songs; Baby
Ruth Roland in new selections and new
moving pictures. , , . .
Performers Are Poorly-
Oast in "Parisian '•
Romance."
Greet Clever People^of
Other Theaters.
Crowded Houses Continue to
NEILL COMPANY
IN LAST WEEK
New Writing Papers.
We have Just received a large- stock of
the newest novelties In writing- papers,
consisting of the t'Peau di Anttlope,"
"Carrara Marmor" and "Linen Lawn"
papers, all of which are made In new
and pretty sizes. Monogram dies made
and paper stamped. Sanborn, Vail- &
Co., * 41 Market street. . •
EVERY TRAIN ARRIVES
LADEN WITH SB
Thousands of Pilgrims Journey to
Kansas City to Attend the Im
perial Council.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. June 9.— It is ex
pected that C000 Shriners will be in Kan
sas CJty to-morrow at the opening of the
twenty-seventh annual meeting of the
Imperial Council of the Mystic Shrine.
Hundreds are coming in on every train.
Great preparations have been made and
Kansas City has been attired accordingly.
Business houses, public buildings and
streets have been decorated for the occa
sion.
The principal evente of the week .will be
a reception at the Kansas City Club on
Monday night, two parades on Tuesday,
with a grand concert and urill In Conven
tion Hall in the evening, and an exhibi
tion drill at Exposition Park on Wednes
day, followed by a grand ball Wednes
day night in Convention Hall. On Thurs
day special entertainment will be provid
ed by the citizens. The chief business of
the meeting will be the election of a chief
potentate and the selection of the mecca
for the next annual session. Philip Shaf
fer of Philadelphia probably will be elect
ed imperial potentate. . -i
CONSUL IN CINCINNATI
DISCOURAGES IMMIGRATION
Bays Time Is Past, in United States
ior ' Aliens to Acquire
Riches.
BERLIN, June . 9.— Among the : reports
recently published here pt German Con
suls in American cities, is one from I the
Consul in Cincinnati who, treating of the
prospects of the German immigrant to
the United States, says:
"The time is past when immigrants to
the United States have a chance to ac
quire riches in this country, owing «to the
density of population and the overcrowd
ed condition of. all trades . and occupa
tions/*
Sudden Squall Brings Death to a
Sailing Party on Delaware .
THREE GIRLS DROWNED
¦W'v BY CAPSIZING OP A BOAT
River.
PHILADELPHIA, June 9.— A party of
six persons— three men and. three girls
while saillns on the. Delaware River this
afternoon off - North. Essington,' a few
miles. below this city, were thrown into
the water by. the swamping of their skift
during a squall and the three girls were
drowned. They were:
ROSIE KOONS, ased 17.
MARY KOONS. aged 19.
' MAMIE TRAYNOR, aged 22. - -Vlfifi
The party were guests of the Federal
Boat Club.. Other members of the club
h^ard. the* cries of the unfortunates and
immediately set about rescuing them.
The three men were quickly hauled into
the other boats, but the girls sank before
they could be reached. . -
ROBBERS ARE DROWNED . '
WHILE TRYING TO ESCAPE
Being Chased Across the Country, by
Their Victim They. Jump Into
, a Eiver. .'•'*•*•;-
CHAMBERET, Prance, June 9— An
American named Constantine Scandal was
robbed 'on the - railway while asleep by
three fellow, travelers ', between Modane
and St. Michael. Recognizing the thieves
at Saint r Jean de Maurienne, he ; pursued
them across the country and they Jumped
Into : the river Arc, ..- where- all* were
drowned. " . • • ¦ ..... , ¦'.'-'..
TWO MILITARY PRISONERS
ESCAPE FROM THE GUARD
They Were Serving Sentences on
Governors Island for Desertion
From the Army.
NEW YORK, June 9.— Some time this
afternoon two United States army pris
oners who were serving sentences on Gov
ernors Island for desertion escaped. They
embarked ur>on an improvised raft and
drifted away from the island on the
strong flood tide. It has been learned by
the army officers that the men were
picked .up by a tugboat and landed in
New York. A detail of six men, in charge
of a corporal, were scouring the lower
part of the city all the night looking for
them. - •
The prisoners are Harry McGulre,* who
was serving a term of eighteen months
for desertion, and John Winship, who
was serving a term of two years for. the
same offense. It is understood that the
men deserted from a military p6st in Ne
braska. The men belonged to the class
known as parole prisoners, and as such
were members of a squad of "trusty"
prisoners, who gather ashes and refuse
from the barracks and cart it away.
SAN JOSEAN GETS LOST
LN GREATER NEW YORK
Aged Augustus Rathbone 1 Forced to
Utilize a Policeman to Get His
Bearings.
NEW YORK, June 10.— The Press says:
Augustus Rathbone, 78 years old, of San
Jose, Cal.. has large estates near that
city. The old man arrived here on
Wednesday afternoon with ?25 and a
check for $500. He had not been in New
York in nearly fifty years. The city had
changed so much since his last visit that
he got bewildered. « He deposited his
money with a hotel clerk for safe keep
ing and went out to see the sights. Af
terward he lost his bearings and hailed
a policeman.
."I don't know how I got to Brooklyn,"
he said. "I'm all topsy-turvy. My poor
old brain is all in a whirl. The "city is so
big and there's so much noise and ex
citement that I can't get my wits to
working." i \
Detective Keelan was assigned to hunt
for the old man's money and check, and
found them at the Atlantic Hotel in
Brooklyn. . i
The old man is on a tour of the world,
and came this way to obtain : another
glimpse of New York and to visit his old
home in Providence.
BODIES OF FIVE MEN
FOUND IN TRAIN WRECK
Those Who Were Injured by the Ex
plosion at Vestal Are Re
covering.
BINGHAMTON, N. Y., June 9.— Five
men were killed and seven Injured in last
night's wreck at Vestal. The dead are:
John P. Kelley, head brakeman of the
wildcat train; S. R. Polhemus, conductor
of train No. 61: Elmer Polhemus, train
man of No. 61; John Coulter, fireman first
engine of wildcat train; Fred Witherby,
fireman second engine of wildcat train.
All but two of the seven injured were
trainmen.
Several of those who were thought to
be fatally hurt last night recovered from
the concussion and to-day figure in the
list of slightly injured. All through the
oarly morning hours the rescuers toiled
about and among the burning freight
cars at the scene of the explosion, but it
was not until late this afternoon that
portions of the last dismembered body
¦were discovered a quarter of a mile from
where the explosion occurred. Ci
The tracks of the Delaware, Lackawan
na and Western Railroad were complete
ly blocked until past midday. Both trains
were completely wrecked, and the en
gines of the wildcat freight, which ran
into the rear of train No. 61. which was
taking water at the time and which car
ried the fatal car of dynamite, were re
duced to scrap-iron, pieces of which have
been picked up a half-mile away.
Aside from the damage to railroad prop
erty much mfnor damage is reported.
Nearly every house in the villages of
Vestal and Union, which is across' the
Susquehanna from the wreck, lost more
or less of its window glass, while farm
ers' houses and barns near the scene were
badly shattered. None of the inmates,
however, were injured.
CORPUS CHRISTI PARADE
BRILLIANT IN SPOKANE
Eight Hundred Men, Women and
Children Participate in the Re-
ligious Ceremonial.
SPOKANE, June 9.— Nearly S00 men,
women and children marched through
Spokane's streets to-day in the_ Corpus
Christ! procession. It was the largest re
ligidus ceremonial ever held in this city.
In the line, besides priests, flower girls
and church officials, were the Gonzaga
College cadets and other students from
the Jesuit institution, children from the
Catholic Orphanage, students from the
Female Academy of the Holy Name, Sis
ters of Charity from the hospitals and
schools, the local division of the Ancient
Order of Hibernians, members of the
young Ladies' Sodalities attached to the
church and academy, the acolytes and
other members of St. Aloysius parish and
parishioners from the city and neighbor
ing congregations. Bishop O'Dea was un
al.le to be present. He is sick in a hos
jiital here.
The parade passed under four arches,
one of which was erected to the memory
of Ensign Robert Monognan of the United
States navy. He was a Gonzaga gradu
ate and this State's first graduate from
Annapolis. He was murdered by the na
tives of Samoa about two years ago. at
the time of the massacre of American
and English naval men. Thirty-two flow
er girls spread the line of march with
flowers in advance of the parade.
CARRIES THE WOMAN
FROM A BLAZING ROOM
Brave Motoiman Risks His Life Dur
ing Lodging-House Fire at
Everett, Wash.
TACOMA. Wash.. June 9.— Mrs. Edgar
Sitterling died at Everett last night in
consequence cf fatal burns received by
her Friday night in a fire which destroyed
her lodging house. She would have been
burned alive but for the heroic rescue per
formed by a motorman, Ed Kelly, who
rusl ed into the burning building, picked
her up /and forced his way through the
smoke and flames to the street below. The
clothing of both rescued and rescuer was
on fire.
It was found impossible to remove the
woman's clothing, as her flesh came off
with it She was tenderly cared for until
death relieved her last night. Despite
her agony she inquired anxiously for her
granddaughter, whom she thought was
also in the fire. The child had been saved.
The lire was started by the explosion of a
lamp in Mrs. Sitterling's apartment.
Three lodgers ran downstairs and lert
her to her fate.
Famous Old Bark Is Destroyed.
TACOMA. June 9.— Instead of loading
lumber at Port Blakeley. for Nome, the
old bark Mermaid, 64 years old, and one
of the pioneer vessels on the Pacific Coast,
has been burned by junk dealers for the
purpose of securing- the copper on her bot
tom. Two years ago she made a trip to
Nome, earning in freight several times
her value. Last week, when beached at
Blakeley to clean her bottom, it was found
that her frames were too weak to stand
another voyage . ; •*„>-•
SAN DIEGO PREPARES
FOR THE CONGRESSMEN
Members of the Committee on Rivers
and Harbors Are to Be
Entertained.
SAX DIEGO. June 9.— The members of
the Rivers and Harbors Committee of the
last House of Representatives will visit
San Diego on Tuesday and Wednesday,
the first point on the Pacific Coast which
they will touch. There are thirty-five in
the party, and a reception committee of
fifty will take care of them. From the
depot they will be taken across the bay
to the Hotel Oel Coronado, where after
supper a reception will be held.
Wednesday morning the party will be
taken on board the Ranger, which has
been placed. at the disposal of the Cham
ber of Commerce by ; the Navy Depart
ment, for a trip around the bay and out
side to the Coronado Islands. On the trip
the party will be enabled through the
kindness of the War Department to make
a visit to Fort Rosecrans. Luncheon will
be served on board- the cruiser, and if
there is time on her return to her anchor
age the visitors will be taken in a tally
ho trip either to the Mexican line or to
the top of Point Loma. The special train
on which the Representatives are making
the journey from New Orleans to Port
land will leave here Wednesday night,
and the committee will devote Thursday
and Friday to Los Angeles.
PT.ATT AMERICAN' SCHOOLS
IN EUROPEAN CITIES
University of Cliicag-o Will Establish
an Affiliated Preparatory
Branch in France.
CHICAGO, June 9.— President Harper of
the University of Chicago announces that
the university has begun to establish af
filiated preparatory schools in different
parts of Europe. These schools will be
branches of academies whieh are affili
ated-with the university in this country.
The purpose of this plan is to give op
portunity to children of college age whose
parents are traveling abroad during the
year to have the benefits of foreign resi
dence without obstructing the progress of
their studies.
Paris will be invaded first, and the
American Home School for Girls will be
opened at 20 Rue de Longchamps on Octo
ber 15. The work of the Paris school wilj
be under the immediate charge of Miss
Elizabeth Wallace, heretofore instructor
of French in the University of Chicago,
and of Miss Emma Baird, for many years
principal of a girls' school in Kansas
City.
Berlin, according to President Harper's
plans, is next in the line of march after
±-aris.
WILL SEARCH FOB, THE
ORIGIN. OF DISEASES
The Rockefeller Gift Will Be at the
Disposal of Famous Medical
Scientists.
CLEVELAND, June 9.— Dr. H. F. Big
gar of this city, the family phj'sician of
John D. Rockefeller, in speaking of Mr.
Rockefeller's recent gift of a large sum
of money for medical research said to
night:
"Mr. Rockefeller has put his suggestion
of medical research into the hands of a
number- of famous medical scientists,
among them representatives of Columbia
and Johns Hopkins universities, the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, the University
of Chicago and other institutions. These
gentlemen will look over the ground and
make such recommendations as they re
gard as practical. Until then I don't be
lieve Mr. Rockefeller will form his plans."
Dr. Biggar then went into detail in re
viewing, the efforts of the English Gov
ernment in endeavoring to check tubercu
losis and the city of Buffalo in the mat
ter of learning the origin of cancer, and
said that the work would probably be
along this line. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROHNERVILLE, June ©.—While the
Ukiah and Scotia stage was on its way
north yesterday the brake broke on the
summit of a hill near Camp Grant, and
several women were injured in the over
turning of the wagon. The stage had five
passengers— Mrs. Drake and daughter of
Colusa, Miss Burton of Harris. Mrs. Ed
ward Foss and Mrs. S. W. Sweasey of
Hydesville. . x :¦ '
Just as the heavy coach started down
the steep grade there was a snapping of
iron finder the wagon. The sound fright
ened the horses and they tried to jump
from the middle of the road. The driver
realized the peril of himjself and his party
and whipped the team into line, but he
had no means of controlling the down
ward rush of the stage. The horses, feel
ing the stage pressing upon them, tried
to escape injury by dashing down the
hill.
The screams of. the women only served
to increase the terror of the animals, and
at a turn in the road, while they were
galloping at a furious pace, they swung
to one side, landing stage and occupants
in a heap of wagon fragments, com
minuted horse gearing, dilapidated' gar
ments and disintegrated baggage. . The
women were hurled, into the wreckage
and all received injuries more or less se
rious. Mrs. Drake had one of her arms
broken and a shoulder 'dislocated. The
injuries of the others are painful, but not
so severe as to cause alarm.
Affrighted Horses the
Cause of Serious
Disaster.
RUNAWAY STAGE
INJURES WOMEN
of Luzon.
Six Minor Engagements Are
Fought in a Province
MANILA, June 9.— In a' battle with the
insurgents at Lipa, province of Batang's,
Lieutenant Anton Springer of the Twenty
first Infantry, was killed, and Captain V/.
H. Wilhelm and Lieutenant Charles R.
Ramsey of the same regiment, Lieutenant
Fitzhugh Lee Jr. and live enlisted men
were wounded.
Lieutenant Wray'a command has had
six engagements with the insurgents In
the province of Sorsogon, Luzon, killing
six. Twenty-three insurgents were cap
tured at Atimon, province of Tabas. Sev
eral minor captures are reported from
other parts of Southern Luzon, where the
insurgents are still active.
The report circulated in the United
States that General Cailles has surren
dered is unfounded.
The Philippine Commission returned to
Manila to-day from the province of Nueva
Ecija. Luzon, having organized a pro
visional government at San Isidro, the
capital of the province. with Captain
Jacob F. Krebs of the Twentv-second In
fantry as Governor, Lieutenant Richard
C. Day of the Thirty-fourth Volunteer
Infantry as treasurer and Lieutenant D.
C Lyles of the same regiment as super
visor.
Judge Taft told the people that if no
power were given to levy customs the
expenses of the central government would
be paid by additional internal taxes. He
pointed out also that if the decision of
the authorities at .Washington should re
sult in free trade with the United States,
opening up such a great market, the in
crease in land values would enable the
people to respond to the increased inter
nal taxes. V
INSURGENTS NOT
YET CONQUERED
Slay an American Lieu
tenant in Battle
at Lipa.
Beef Inquiry.
Officer of Miles' Staff Who
Started the "Embalmed
PITTSBURG, Pa., June 9.-Major W. H.
JJaly. surgeon general on' the staff of Gen
eral Miles in Porto Rico, committed sui
cide at his home this morning: by shoot
ing himself In the right temple. The body
of the doctor was found in the bathroom
fry Miss Mary Short, the housekeeper, ly
ing in a pool of blood, with a SS-caliber
revolver near by. Dr. Foster, who was
summoned at once, found a bullet hole
in the temple and announced that death
n *5 taken place several hours before.
Jttiss Short remembered having heard a
fharp report about 7:30 a. m.. but believed
it was the quick closing- of a window.
>.o cause is known for Dr. Daly's deed,
unless it be that insomnia drove him tem
porarily insane. For some time he has
been unable to sleep reg-ularly.
The doctor was a widower and leaves
no immediate family. He was 59 years
of age, and for many years has been
prominent in medical eircles. He gained
international prominence during: the Cu
ban war, as it was his report to the com
manding general of the armv that started
the "embalmed beef" inquiry.
Lieutenant General Miles said to-night
that he was not surprised at the suicide
of Dr. Daly, in view of the great personal
bereavement that the doctor had suf
lered recently, and the undermining- of
his health by a severe attack of the grip
last winter. General Miles esteemed Dr.
Daly very highly and the two were inti
mate friends. His death came as a se
vere blow to the general.
Dr. Daly was in the city last March,
when he came to lw present at the second
inauguration of President McKinley. If
General Miles can arrange matters he will
attend the funeral of his old friend.
Surgeon Daly was a deputy to Assistant
Surgeon Charles 1. Greenleaf on the staff
<>f the commanding general during the
Spanish-American war. and General
Mijes testified to-night to the thorough
ness with which he performed his duties
in attending to the wants of the sick, car
ing for the wounded and establishing hos
pitals. It was due to Dr. Daly's allega
tions that the beef furnished the army
had been tampered ¦with and preserved
with acids, which he alleged were detri
mental to the health of the soldiers, that
a board of army inquiry conducted the
celebrated beef inquiry during the Span
ish war.
Major W. H. Daly Sends
a Bullet Into His
Brain.
ARMY SURGEON
DIES A SUICIDE
BOOTBLACK IS KILLED
. AND TAMALE MAN ACCUSED
Quarrel at a Shop in Los Angeles Re
sults in Murder of a
, Negro.
LOS "ANGELES, June 9.— William
Brown, a negro bootblack, is" dead and
Willard E. Griffin, a negro tamale vender,
is in jail, charged with his murder. Early
this evening Brown called at Griffin's
stand and asked for credit, which wa.s re
lused. Later he returned ana with a
companion began throwing dishes at Grif
fin's head. A kerosene lamp was over
turned, which ignited the stand. At the
same moment a pistol was fired and
Brown fell with a bullet in his chest,
dying twenty minutes later. ¦•
Grllfln escaped, but was captured short
ly afterward in a shed where he kept his
wagon. He had no pistol when appre
hended and denies having fired the fatal
shot. . " . • ¦ : ¦ .....' .
SHEEPMEN ARE AT WAR
• - IN THE NORTHWEST
Masked Employes Representing Stock
Owners Said to Be Killing
the Animals.
TACOMA, Wash., June 9.— War between
the sheepmen and cattlemen of ,the North-
west .has commenced and promises to
have many exciting phases. C. T. • Van
Allen, a sheep raiser from Utah, reports
here that many sheep in Wyoming have
already, been killed by masked men repre
senting stock-owners' interests. He esti
mates that the ranges of Washington,
Idaho. Oregon, Utah, 'Wyoming and
Montana now " contain upward of a
million "sheep -more than . the ranges
will sustain. They must be sold or starve.
This condition results from the big. Influx
of settlers In the States named and the
rapid increase In the sheep hards/
WITH DIRK AND RIFLE ;
¦fi?,P., HE STARTS* FOR BEARS
Samuel Solomon Flans a Hunting
¦ Trip, but the Officers "of Marin .
> ; ; Interfere. .
SAN RAFAEL, ."June 9.— A man giving
the name of Samuel Solomon. was lodged
in the i County Jail here to r nlght and will
be held pending~an inquiry as to his san
ity. Solomon came; from San Francisco
this afternoon, and because of his peculiar
actions he - was taken into ¦ custody by.
Deputy Sheriff Frank Depue.. The arrest
ed man was armed with a repeating; rifle
and'- dirk knife, and carried a camping
outfit on what he called; an automobile,
which consisted of ' a plank fastened- to
the: rear wheels of a; baby > carriage. - He
was going. to kill bears on 1 Mount Tamal
pals. V: ."¦;' '¦¦>.'- ."..
Jury \ Declares Him Innocent.
BAKERSFIELD, '¦" June; 9.— LV. C. • John
son; ¦<. who has | been on • trial during .the
past week charged' with the musder of
Gee Goney. a Chinese, at the Ellis ranch
seven' miles south of Bakersfleld; was 'ac
quitted by the jury at an early hour this
morning.' The defendant's plea was self
defense. . ' ¦.-¦¦¦¦ • ; . ¦ • • _. .
Drowned; on " a j Fishings Trip.
SACRAMENTO, June 9.— While fishing
from T a boat up*. the" river' to-day a 1 boy
named Grath', ssoh of . a : railroad ' employe,
fell overboard J and '.was ; drowned. There
was -another ¦•¦ boy t in », the /boat J with '. him,
but he was unable to rescue 'the drowning
lad." The body has not. been recovered.* .
Spesial Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, June 9.— An answer
has just! been filed in an action brought in
this county by Josephine A. Phelps, exec
utor of the last . will and testament of
Timothy Guy Phelps, deceased, which
puts in issue the title to property valued
at more than $50,000. The suit was com
menced to recover $7120 and interest from
November 13, 1894, at 9 per cent per an
num, on a premissory note executed by
W. I. Wadleigh to T. G. Phelps. Accord
ing to the complaint neither the principal
of the note nor any part of the interest
has been raid.
The property involved in the answer
consists of real estate In Nevada County,
commonly known as the liberty Hill
mines; also real estate in San Francisco
and in the State of Washington. All of
this property stood In the name of Mr.
Phelps at the tima of his death, having
been deeded to him from time to time by
Wadleigh, . and was inventoried as. a parr
of his estate.* . .
While the deeds are absolute in form,
yet the defendant in this action contends
that they are but mortpages, having been
given* to secure i the promissory, note of
$7120 sued upon. . The answer further al
leges that the property .Is of the- value
of more tfjan_-$5© ,090. *.-¦*•- ."¦. ' ~. ? . V; ¦--• s
It is then set, out in' the 'answer that
after November 13, 1$94; It was agreed
that Timothy Guy Phelps might mine,
upon and 'work the properties in Nevada
County, and that all the. profits arising
therefrom' should be credited upon the
amount due upon the note for 17120, "and
that thereafter the said Timothy Guy
Phelps did mine and caused to be mined
said mining claims, and from the opera
tion of said mines received large sums of
money to his own use and to his own
benefit, which sums of money should have
been but never were indorsed or credited
upon said note." -
The defendant then asks that the plain
tiff be compelled to account with him for
all moneys received . by Timothy Guy
Phelps from the mines, and that if upon
such acountinar it appears that the note
has been fuljy paid the executrix shall
reconvey to him all of the real estate in
volved.
W. I. Wadleigh' s Answer
in Suit Brought by-
Mrs. Phelps;
CLAIMS SHARE
OF THE ESTATE
THE SAIN"; FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 1O, 1901.:
,, . Charles H. Grosvenor.
MTJBDER AND SUICIDE
END A FAMILY QUARREL
Prosperous Chicago Contractor Com
mits Suicide After Killing His
Mother-in-Law.
LONDON, Ontario, June 9.— Crazed by
love for his young wife, whom it Is- said
he had driven from his home in- Chicago.
Herbert Fulford, a prosperous Chicago
contractor, last night killed his mother
in-law, Mrs. Jennie McCord and then blew
out hi3 brains. The tragedy occurred on
the McCord farm at Ilderton; near here.
The victims were first cousins. Fulford
married Gertie McCord seven years ago,
his first wife having secured a divorce
from him: Three. weeks ago Fulford and
his wife had a dispute and she returned
to her parents. Fulford followed Satur
day.--He drove to the McCord ..farm and
demanded that Mrs. McCord, who was
milking in the yard, tell him where his
wife was. She refused and he fired four
shots from a revolver into her body, kill-
Ing - her Instantly. He then turned the
weapon upon' himself, blowing out ' his
brains.
President Charles M. Hays of the South
ern Pacific Company returned Friday
evening from Portland, Or., where he ha*
been on a tour of inspection. He was ac
cqmpanled on his trip by H. E. Fitzhugh,
who is shortly to fill the position of as
sistant , to the president. General Man
ager Julius Kruttschnitt completed the
party. "While in Portland they inspected
the new machine shops that have been
recently erected there, and Hays express
ed himself as greatly pleased with the
plant. He found . no fault with the way
that business is conducted in the north
ern division.
On the way north President Hays made
special Inspection of the rolling stock. He
found a great deal of fault, and one of
his first steps on his return was to order
some new passenger cars. Hays does not
do things by halves and an order was
sent East- for fifty coaches. Thirty of
these will be the now popular chair cars
and the rest of the order will be made
up of modern day coaches. All the cars
ordered will be sixty feet long, the big
gest ever ordered or used by the Southern
Pacific. The new cars will be used on
the overland service and will certainly be
an acquisition to the road.
On his way down President Hays stop
ped off long enough at Sacramento to pay
a visit to the railroad shops. The addi
tions to the rolling mills have been com
pleted and they will have twice the ca
pacity thaj they had in the past. A larg
er number of men will necessarily be em
ployed and work will be completed with
greater dispatch.
Grading for. the double track between
this city and Millbrae is being pushed
along with vim. Seven miles of this track
has already been completed, eighty-pound
rails being used. As soon as this work la
finished the line will be placed in the
same condition all the way to San Mateo.
When these heavy rails are laid down
faster time can be made 'with safety and
the roadbed will be much smoother to
ride over.
New oil tank cars are arriving here for
the Southern Pacific every day. They are
coming in consignments of ten at a
time.' The moment they arrive they are
dispatched to the oil district at Bakers
field.
Southern Pacific Needs
New Chair, and Day
Coaches: V
"Work on the Coast Division
Line .Being Rapidly
Prosecuted.
GIVES AN ORDER
FOR FIFTY CARS
CATUCOS, June 9.— The body of George
Sneider, who was. drowned May 29, while
crossing Morro Bay In a small sailboat.
was found floating to-day in the bay,
about one mile from where the drowning
occurred. . : "
Body Found' in Morro Bay.
Astronomers En Route Home.
run."
• •
3
FOR SALE.
Improved Farm of 2000 Acres
Rich Valley Land in Ma-
dera County.
. For particulars address FABit. SIS Markat
Street. S. F. . ¦ ¦ . - . , ¦ .,
1A/. T. HESS, f
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Clau3 Spreclcela Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
.•Residence. 821 California St., below Powell.'
. t ' San . Francisco. • ¦ .-.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prica Lists Mallei
on Application.
- ' COAL, COKE AND P1O IJ?O!«-
-j r wii sflv a en »<» Batt«y st««.
A'\f irlLOUil (1 CU-. Telephone Main 138*.
•• COPPERSMITH.
r W CM ITH shl P Plnmbloff. Steamboat and
C-.IT- Cfllllllt Ship "Work a special ty. It and
IS Washington St. Telephone Main 664V •¦. .•
'. . : FRESH AND SALT MEATS."
¦ I k C Rft V P C f* m ? ¦ Shrppin* Butchers. Mi
J A3- PUltS tt Wlf. Clay! TeL Main UR
vj?"'.' ' V .OILS."
LUBRICATDfb OILS. LEONARD t^TXAAS.
413 Front rt.. S.,F. . Pbons Main 171*. ,1
¦ft'- j' '^-i '¦'¦¦' : ~' ' ¦ printing;
"Being on Lager"
to properly mature.
• > '-JjJMHf The enormous cold
jM^W^ storage capacity of
Ariheuser-BuschBrewingAss ! ni
; . . , St. Louis, U. S. A.
them to "lager" their beers
five to six months before bottling, thus
irisuringyagei; flavor and healthfulnegis^ \
- > Brewers of the famous Budweiser, Black &Tan, Faust,. Anheuser-
!||g|* Standard, Pale-Lager, Export Pale, Michelob and Exquisite.
¦'¦¦¦¦¦* •":""-'•• ¦.'•"' Order*, promptly -" filled by "
E;< Gii LYONS COMTANYyVWholesale Dealers; SAN FEANCISCO.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
Sloane's
Commencing
To=day-
Remarkable special of-
ferings in Battenberg, Irish
. Point and other Lace Cur-
tains; Tapestry, Silk Tapes-
try and Silk Damask Por-
tieres; all . kinds of Furni-
ture Coverings; Sofa Pil-
lows; Remnants.
Did you see yesterday's
announcement?
W. & J.SLOANE & CO.
114-122 Post Street.
' . » - . - . - - ¦ . ""Your prices are pretty, steep," he said,
"for -.a little, cramped,- insignificant, , one
story shack.".- " •• =: .. • ¦ ,• . •....,
"But think: of, the ¦¦¦¦money '-. I'm/-. losing
every day by not 4iavinsr, a sixteen story
office building on this. spot of ground," re
turned-.the« proprietor, -in .the tone of an
injured, man.— Chicago Tribune. *_, , ..-..¦
TWO EUROPEAN SPECULATORS.
ONE of the most curious results of the recent
crisis in Wall street is the revelation of the
extent to which European financiers were in
terested and involved in it. There have just occurred
the failures of two noted financiers, the one German
and the other Russian, and in each case, according to
the reports, the failure was mainly due to speculations
in American stocks and securities.
The Russian failure is that of President Altschensky
of the Khardoff Chamber of Commerce, said to be a
financier of great influence, being president. of the
Agricultural Bank and the controller of- one of the
largest iron works in the empire. His liabilities are
estimated to amount to 20,000,000 .rubles, and it is
reported his failure involves and embarrasses so many
important financial institutions that the Imperial Bank
of Russia has found it advisable 'to go to their relief
to prevent further failures.
Sfill more remarkable is the case of Commercial
Councilor Sanden of Berlin, who is described as hav
ing had financial charge of the private fortunes of the
imperial family, and whose downfall' is attributed to
his having been caught in the Northern Pacific corner.
The reports say he lost something like $8,750,000 be
longing to members of the court. The Emperor is re
ported to have.lost over $3,000,000 of his private for
tune by the failure arid the Duke of Schleswig-Hol"
stein is said to have been completely ruined. In tlje
same report it is added: ' .. , - ';
"Except for the protest of! the Ministry the Em
peror would probably have turned over to Sanden the
'iron stock,' or the family-fund of the royal family,
amounting, to $25,000,000, and now invested in gilt
edge London and New York real estate." .
Of .course, the stories are doubtless exaggerations,
but the very fact that they are told in explanation "of
the collapse of financiers in Berlin and St. Petersburg
is an evidence that the. connection of the financiers of
those . countries : with -jAVall-street , speculations is so
common that.avcrashjin"* the street is not deemed 'an'
improbable ; explanation „ of i failures . there. , ¦ There : is
also somethirig'.of, interest in the report that the family
fund of the imperial Hohenzollerns is largely invested
in American real, estate.^ Maybe the report is not true*,"
but . it shows that in Uheyestimation , of Europe the
Kaiser, is not unlikely to have supplied Himself with a
means ;,to remove to New York and. join the Four
¦ Hundred i in case by ' "some revolution - he should '. lose
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A BACK DATE— S.. City. June 8. 1S45,
fell on a Sunday.
THE SHERMAN— J. W. J.. City. It
costs about $700,000 to build such a vessel
as the transport Sherman. • »•
THE WISCONSIN— S.. City. The Wis
consin was launched from the. Union Iron
Works November 26. 1S9S. • ¦
PAN AMERICAN— IT. S. E.. San Jose.
Cal. Pan American means all American.
Pan Is from the Greek, meaning all.
THE OAKLAND— A. S.. City. The di
mensions of the ferry-boat Oakland are:
Length, 265 feet; breadth, 4L5: depth, 18
BERLIN— T. E. H.. "Willets. Cal. The
population of Berlin In 1900 is given as
1,843,000. The area of the city ia twenty
five square miles.
RELIGIOUS STATISTICS— C. K.,'City.
The religious statistics asked for cannot
be furnished until the figures of the Cen
sus Bureau are made public.
DIME OF '94— C. A., City. There is no
premium on a dime of 1334 unless it is one
of- the twenty-four that were coined in
San Francisco in that year.
SPANISH VETEKAXS — Ex
Sailer, Presidio, Ca\ There is a branch
of the Veterans of the Spanish "War In
San Francisco. It is called Reinhold
Rlchter Camp and has headquarters in the
Alcazar building-.
NO PREMIUM-M. D. T., City. There
is no premium offered for a $3 piece of
1837. Numismatists do not offer any pre
mium, for coins of that denomination Is
sued after 1834 and only for those of tnat
date that bear the legend "E Pluribua
Unum."
¦ t ¦ • ' \
TRAINING SCHOOL— I. R. H.. City.
There is on Goat Island in San Ftancls.cn
Bay a. United States. naval trainlnsr sta
tion or training school. \ For information
concerning such school address a com
munication to the . superintendent, who
will send a circular of instruction.
; CIGARETTE TOBACCO — W. C. G..
City. The reason that In the United
States the tobacco used for cigarettes is
of a light shade and that used in ths
tropics is dark is that in this country gen
'erally the natural leaf i3 used for that
purpose and in the tropics the. tobacco ia
prepared and in many instances artifi
cially colored, r
! MAJORITY AND PLURALITY — W..
Alameda, Cal. The greatest majority ever
received by a Presidential candidate was
that received by Grant in 1S72. It -waa
727,975 over all candidates. • His plurality
over Greeley, the next highest candidate,
¦was 762.901. At the election in 1900 Me-
Kinley's majority over all was 473,iM5.
while his plurality over Bryan was 834 135.
. CASINO-G. D. G., City. In casino, un
less W is agreed that points on the last
deal shall count as made, the count Is in
the ' following order:. Cards, spades, 'big"
casino, little casino,' aces,- and sweeps. If
A had four to go and.B had seven, and A
got cards and spades and B the rest, A
•would count first and ko out. having three
for cards and one ¦ for. spades, enough U»
i entitle him to the game. ¦ ' _ .
i, .. .-.-,-.-. . - . -^-.
PROBLEMS OP CO-OPERATION.
RECENT reports ifrom European countries con
cerning the conditions and the prospects of co
operative societies of one kind or another show
that w-hile in the main these movements have attained
a marked degree of success, they are nevertheless
hampered by a good many difficulties of operation and
are far from furnishing a complete solution to the in
dustrial problems they were called into existence to
meet.
In Great Britain, so far as the late accounts go, the
results attained have been better than in any other
country, and the movement toward further co-opera
tion goes forward with vigor. Official statistics for
1899 show that in Great Britain, exclusive of Ireland,
there were 1632 registered co-operative societies, with
a membership of 1,720,000, a share and loan capital of
£27,000,000, and a reserve of nearly £2,000,000. The
total trade of these societies for the year was estimated
at £69,000,000, on which there was made a profit of
£7,800,000 after paying 5 per cent on a capital of nearly
£30,000,000. The co-operative stores employed about
20,000 "committee men," chosen by the members to
manage the business, and over 78,000 other employes,
•while the population directly affected by the move
ment is estimated at 6,000,000.
The "problematical" work in which British co-oper
ation is now employed is that of bringing about a
practical union of labor and capital in . the form of
business partnerships. In the reports that come to us
it is stated that there have been 102 such partnerships
formed, with a total capital of £2,500,000, but that while
the copartnership principle has been favored by the
Scottish Wholesale Society it is opposed by the English
Wholesale Society. The basis of the opposition on
the part of the wholesalers is not stated. The chief
weakness of co-operation in Great Britain is said to
be the reluctance of the members of the societies to
pay salaries high enough to command first rate admin
istrative ability in their management.
French co-operative societies have had a difficulty
peculiar to themselves. It appears that a considerable
proportion of the whole number of such organizations
in that country have borrowed money or obtained the
capital necessary to organization by issuing shares to
outsiders, who have been given the privilege of voting
on their stock. The practice has had the effect of con
verting a good many associations organized 'for co
operation into what are virtually- joint stock compa
nies. Moreover, the same tendency is noted in or
ganizations where there were no shares issued for
borrowed capital. It is said one shareholder after an
other drops out, the more enterprising members buy.
up the less enterprising, some die, and in one way or
another shares come into the' possession of a few men,
who perhaps retire on their incomes. The number, of
employes not owning shares increases, and as the
concern prospers in a business way it contracts as a
co-operative association, 'until -those who own the
stock develop into full-fledged' capitalists. ({
i Contrasting the work of British and of French in
¦ the 'way of, co-operation a recent writer on the sub
ject says the French do not aim to affiliate '' producers
, with consumers as do the British, and instead of ~pr6r
j ducing for an assured market enter 7 into the general
The local burglar who was caught in a house and
pleaded that he was hiding from enemies ought to be
given a residence where none but his. own kind — and
naturally his friends — will be likely to meet him.
CONDITION OF TRADE.
THE weather was the principal factor in business
last week. The East enjoyed the first real warm,
sunny weather of the season, and it was imme
diately responded to by an increased demand for many
kinds of goods, the retailers reporting more improve
ment in this respect than the wholesalers, though the
latter also reported a larger trade in some lines. The
reverse was the case in the Northwest, where rains,
long needed, stimulated the demand for merchandise.
In the Southwestern wheat belt, again, dry weather
cut down the crop prospects materially, especially in
Kansas, and thereby diminished the demand for
goods. As the contrary conditions almost offset each
other, the general state of the country remained about
the same, the bank clearings showing a gain for the
week of 61 per cent, every important city except Min
neapolis exhibiting an increase over the same week
last year. The failures for the week were 163, against
184 for the same week last year.
The staples, which have been featureless for some
time, showed signs of increased life, accompanied by
more or less irregularity. The iron and steel trades
were visibly quieter, owing largely to the non-settle
ment of the labor troubles, which caused considerable
hesitation at Chicago, Cincinnati and other important
markets, all of which reported diminished inquiry for
goods. Again, owing to the labor conflict, many
manufacturers have avoided seeking any new business
after July 1, and this adds to the general dullness. The
consumption, however, is seemingly as large as be
fore, though new business is falling off, and pig iron
has declined 25 cents per ton. The inquiry for agri
cultural implement material has also fallen off, point
ing to expected hesitation in this line.
Against this poorer showing in the iron trade, how
ever, the boot and shoe manufacturers report a stimu
lated demand in their line, the shipments for the week
being 20,000 cases more than during the same week
in 1900, and 90,000 more for the season to date, sur
passing all previous records. Future orders, however,
are slow in coming in. Textile goods are also quoted
in better demand, woolens being wanted for fall and
cottons for summer delivery. The raw wool, how
ever, shows no improvement in price, while the me
dium and lower grades are still in the buyers' favor.
Railroad earnings continue to make a good show
ing, those during May being 9.6 per cent over May,
1900, and 23.2 per cent over May, 1899.
There was a somewhat better tone to the stock
market during the early part of the week, due princi
pally to the gradual clearing of the railroad combina
tion atmosphere and the expectation that there will
be further large deals later on which will result in a
revival of speculative activity.. But, as the midsummer
season is at hand, the volume of business shows no
increase, and the public will probably not re-enter
Wall street until after the dog days.
The conditions here in San Francisco and on the
coast at large show no change worthy of note. For
eign exports from this port show a decrease thus far
this year from the same time in 1900, but are still
large and require all the vessels available. Local and
interior trade is reported good by the wholesalers,
and as the general tone of farm products now coming
in is firm, there is a feeling of confidence throughout
the business communitj\ Some wholesale houses re
port a lessened demand for several lines of goods in
consequence of local strikes, but this falling off is
neither serious nor general. In the main the mer
chants consider business fully up to last year and not
a few report it the best year thus far that they have
DISPATCHES from Washington announce that
in the opinion of many of the South American
diplomatists in that city "all that Blaine did for
pan-American harmony has been spoiled by the diplo
matic snarl j that !j has resulted from j the attitude as
sumed by <Qhile, encouraged by the State Department,
in regard to the discussion of arbitration in the pro
posed Pan-American Congress to be held in the City
of Mexico." . ' •
Such a statement emanating from diplomatic
sources shows the irritation that has arisen over the
arbitration programme that was to have been pre
sented at the meeting. of the Pan-American Congress.
The dispute, it is evident, has now reached. a point
that endangers the success of the congress, and it is
possible the meeting may be abandoned.
•While the congress was to consider the commercial
relations of the varidus countries of this hemisphere
and to devise ways and means for promoting their
international trade, the chief object of those who pro
mote it has been to bring about some method of set
tling the various disputes • among South American
countries and thus put an end to controversies that
threaten war. It has. been said that it was Blaine's
central idea to establish peace rather than to promote
commerce when- he called;the first Pan-American Con
gress; and the executive "board of. the congress that
has been called to meet in Mexico has sought to make
arbitration the dominant issue before the delegates."
The .board consists of the United States Secretary
of -State and the Ministers Plenipotentiary at Wash
ington' of Bolivia, Ecuador, Guatemala and Costa
Rica. In reply to an invitation to take part in the
congress Chile intimated" an unwillingness to do so
unless the programme proposed by the executive
board were so amended as to confine the principle of
arbitration over boundary disputes to future occur
rences. That meant, of course, that the long dispute
between Chile and Peru over the provinces of Tacna
and Arica should not be arbitrated; and it appears
the executive board for the sake of future good agreed
to the stipulation. Now Peru and other South Ameri
can countries protest against the exception, and the
whole movement is in danger of coming to
It will be remembered the Chileans were not repre
sented, in the Pan-American Congress , called by
Blaine. They feared then, as they fear now, that under
anyarbitration they would have to surrender the two
provinces they took from Peru and also a seaport they
took from Bolivia. "Their fears appear to be well'
founded so far as the Peruvian question is concerned,
for their claims to the disputed provinces are seem
ingly without any justification whatever.
By the treaty of Ancon, made between Chile and
Peru in 1884, it was provided that Tacna and Arica
should be held by Chile for ten years and that at the
end of that time it should be left to a vote/. of : the
people of the two provinces whetKer they should-re
main Chilean or be restored to "Peru. 7"' When? the ten
years expired Chile took no step to'^ submit" the ques
tion to a vote, but in 1898 negotiations were started
to submit the issue to the Queen Regent of Spain.
For three years the Chilean Chamber of Deputies
dallied over the matter and early in the present year
broke off the negotiations altogether. It will be seen
that her case is so bad she can hardly hope to retain
the two provinces upon any other terms than those
which wall exclude them from arbitration altogether.
The issue raises the question of how far the principle
of international arbitration can be enforced. Our
Government did not hesitate to interfere under the
Monroe doctrine to compel Great Britain* to arbitrate
her boundary dispute with Venezuela, but we are not
likely to compel Chile to arbitrate. Perhaps inter
national authority may be eventually enforced upon
the unwilling by war, but as yet the world is not
ready for. such active interference by a concert of
powers. It will be seen therefore that the Pan-Ameri
can Congress may be as futile" as was the famous
Peace Conference at The Hague. ;
PAN- AMERICAN ARBITRATION.
The San Jose rancher who. is. suing 'for divorce the
wife he obtained' from a matrimonial agency is now
probably convinced that there are • sonie things one
cannot buy with safety. ' " , , :
MONDAY. JUNE 10, igoi
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
""*" Addrew All CcmnimieiUoaB to W. 8. LEASE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 2O4
PCBL.ICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market aod Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone l'ress —O2.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including; Postages
BAILT CALL (Including: Bunt-ay), cne year *6.OT
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday), 6 months 5-00
DAILY CALL (including: Sunday). S months 1-50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 63c
WEEKLY CALL. One Year I- 00
All postmaster* are nnthorlzed to receive
subscriptions.
E&tsple copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mafl subscribers In onJerlnc change of address should be
particular to girt both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS Jn order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Kacartr Foreign Advertising, Marqnettt Bnilding, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARX.TO* Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPIIEX n. SMITH ..SO Trlbnne Betiding:
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eoerman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
tTASHIXCTO\ CD. C.) OFFICE 1400 G St., !f. W.
JIORTO.V E. CRAXE. Correspondent.
IJR A!VCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larktn. open until
t:*> o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
1200 Fttlmore . open until 9 p. m.
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS.
Germany has . seven, gunnery training
ships, . namely: Mars, ,Carola, Olga, | Ma
ria, Brummer, Ulan and Hay. : The United
States has only one vessel assigned for
such purpose — the Amphitrlte, a monitor
sister ship to the Monadnock. "
• * • '
The Sirene, one of four submarine boats
built at Cherbourg, was launched May 4.
She resembles the Narval type, but has a
double hull, the space between the two
skins being: filled with water when the
boat is to be submerged. A surface speed
of 10 to 12 knots Is anticipated..
• • ¦ •
Torpedo-boat No. 93, built by Thorny
croft for the British navy, had its trial
last month and made an average speed of
23.523 knots, exceeding the contract by .523
knots. She is one of four boats of new
design in which less but more reliable
speed is aimed at. They are of 178 tons
displacement, 2S50 horsepower, have three
torpedo-tubes and carry three- 12-pound-
Austrian naval estimates are steadily in
creasing and include for the ensuing fiscal
year provisions for arming all the vessels
with automatic quick-firing guns. Two
monitors and five patrol vessels for the
Danube are to be built, one coast defense
ship of 8300 tons, and there is to be.ex
pended the first installment of $420,000 to
ward the construction of new docks at
Pola. the final cost of which is estimated
at $20,000,000. " * •
. • • •
The British armored cruiser Creasy.
12,000 tons, 21,000 horsepower and 21 knots
speed, was placed in commission May 23.
The keel was laid October 12. 1393. and the
launching took place December 4. 1SD9.
making a total of 958 days from start to
finish. Considering the" drawbacks from
strikes and delay in delivery of material
this shipbuilding record of less than thir
ty-two months is gopd.
¦ • • •
Ansaldo. the famous shipbuilder at Ge
noa, has completed two torpedo-boats for
the Turkish navy. They are of 145 tons
displacement. 158 feet length on water
line, IS feet 9 inches beam and 4 feet
draught. Their twin-screw engines are
2400 horsepower, and the coal capacity of
60 tons Is sufficient for 2000 miles at 14
knots. The contract speed was 27% knots,
and the trial, which extended over a run
of seven miles in rough sea, gave 26 knots.
. • • *'
"Work on a Turkish cruiser will shortly
be begun at the Cramp yard, the Sultan
having made a first payment on the con
tract.- It will be a small vessel, 240 Wet
length, 30 feet beam and 16 feet draught,
with engines of 12,000 horsepower to give a
speed of 22 knots. The main armament
will consist of two 6-inch and eight 4.7
inch—all qulckflrers. She will be fitted as
a flagship and carry twenty officers and
2S0 men. There is no time clause, but the
builders will probably have the vessel
completed long before the Turk Is ready
to make final payment.
• * ••
There are two types of boilers not in use
in the German navy— the Yarrow and tho
Babcock & "Wilcox— which are rapidly
coming Into favor in other naval vessels.
The Yarrow boiler is almost exclusively
used in the Dutch navy and entirely so in
the Swedish. A statement I made in the
London Times of May IS shows that the
Babcock & Wilcox water-tube boiler is in
stalled to the extent of 216, of 164,000 horse
power, in war vessels, chiefly American;
57, of 34,000 horsepower, in mercantile
ocean cargo and passenger steamers; 41, of
40,000 horsepower, on vessels on the lakes,
and 35, of 19,300 horsepower, on dredging
vessels, yachts and tugs.
*. • • • ¦
A resume of boiler data in the German
navy appears In the May number of the
Marine Rundschau. It embraces seven
types of boilers placed in forty ships, and
the data are the results obtained from
actual results at sea under forced draught,
highest speed under natural draught and
ui^3er cruising speed. These data are of
interest to marine engineers and cover a
wider range than has hitherto been exhib
ited In 'so comprehensive a form. In the
following condensed table the data, ob
tained under forced draught speed, are
briefly summarized:
THE PRIMARY. LEAGUE.
WITH the declared purpose of the newly in
corporated Republican Primary League all
good citizens will sympathize. As set forth
in the articles of incorporation, it is "to foster and
maintain the political principles of the Republican
party, to arouse and maintain the interest of all elec
tors in the maintenance and enforcement of the pri
mary election law and of all laws pertaining to elec
tions.". If to that main purpose the league remain
true and steadfast its service will be of benefit not to
Republicans only, but to all good citizens; for what
soever tends to eliminate boss control from the pri
maries of any great party must be of benefit to the
whole community.
In one sense it is unfortunate that it should be nec
essary to organize and incorporate an association for
such purposes. It would be better if all citizens could
be brought freely and of their own individual will to
the polls in every election, from the primaries to the
final vote. Experience, however, has proven that such
spontaneous action on the part of all cannot be at
tained under present conditions. The business men of
the community, absorbed in their private are
apt to neglect politics. They are especially apt to
overlook the primaries, owing to the fact that those
elections take place before the campaign opens and
the excitements of the contest attract the 'attention of
the general public. Such being the case, it is necessary
that something be done to bring the better elements
of the people to the primaries, and consequently the
Primary League promises to supply a genuine need
of the time.
Of the importance of primary elections under our
system of party government every citizen is aware.
It has been through them that the bosses and their
gangs, by the practice of fraud or bj r resort to open
violence, have obtained great influence and some
times complete control over nominating conventions.
Thus good citizens have found themselves virtually
excluded from the primaries, and sometimes on elec
tion days have been compelled to vote against their
own party ticket as the sole means of rebuking the
bosses and making it known to them that while they
could nominate a bad ticket they could not always
elect it.
A long-continued agitation for reform in the pri
maries has brought about the enactment. of the present
primary law, and its efficacy is now to be tested. It
goes without saying there is nothing in the law that
can of its own vigor purify politics. If any consider
able number of good citizens remain away from the
primaries the bosses will be able to elect a majority
of the delegates to the nominating conventions under
the law just as easily as in the old days when there
was no law. The issue then in the end depends upon
the citizens themselves. Unless they take an interest
in politics, go to the polls and vote for good men,
thus assuring honesty and fidelity in the nominating
conventions, the law will be as worthtless as if the
Supreme Court had declared it invalid.
It is to be hoped the incorporation of the Repub
lican Primary League and its immediate activities will
have the effect of awakening the interest of all
citizens in the approaching primaries. It is desirable
that working men, business men and professional men
should take as earnest a part in public affairs as do the
bosses and their gangs. Only by the exercise of such
public spirit on their part can we attain that efficiency
of municipal administration as will enable us to make
San Francisco all that it should be. The primary law
is now on the side of good men, and all will be well if
good men range themselves in active work on the side
of the law.
field of industrial competition. -In : many cases they
.have not been able to hold their" own because less agile
than capitalistic employers. - In France," however, as
in Great Britain and elsewhere; the movement is ad
vancing and the societies are in. the main giving satis
faction to their 'members. •'/, .*".' , ' * - >
Prepared by. .Experts and- Specialists for
The San Francisco Call
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Shrewd-Yankee Farmer Who Is Making a
Fortune in the Peach-Growing In
dustry in Georgia. *
ace.'. ¦• ? • :¦ : :. •. ¦ ¦• .¦.;.. . • ' ¦'. .
Dr. A. H. Glanlnnl, a* popular young
physician, of .this city, returnfed ' Friday
evening j after.', two 1 years j spent in Europe,'
and on; Saturday evening a large number
of his friends tendered , him a banquet at
the Palace Hotel. .*,
S.- N. Laughllnl an extensive rancher of
Moss Landing, is a late arrival at- the
Grand, j ';:, ,
William A. ] Akers, an attorney of Salt
Lake City, Is at I the Occidental, accom
panied' by ; his wife.,
Mrs. ' E. M. ? Thomas, wife | of 2 Captain
Thomas , of the United States battleship
Oregon, is at the Occidental.
Mrs. ;¦ Frank ti. \ Cressey ., of Modesto *and
Mrs. C. Waldron pt •. Santa . Cruz .are
among the guests • registered at the Pal-
guest at the Lick. ' .:
W. H. McClintock, a mining man of So
nora, is at the Lick.
S. H. Wheeler, a mining man of Reno,
Nev., is at the Palace.
John Markley, . State Bank Commission
er, is registered at the Lick from Geyser
ville. ,
"VW H. Burckhalteril a merchant ' of
Truckee. Is one of the arrivals at the
Lick.. '¦:;¦.¦ ' . ' ' ¦-''¦.. ,-. :
A. B. Hill of Pomona is at the Palace.
Dr. J. D. Dameron of Stockton is stay
ing at the Lick/; , ,
A.' McDonald; a Seattle* capitalist, is a
PERSONAL MENTION.
By "Willis Grant Johnson.
COPYRIGHT; 1801.
XVH.- J. HOWARD HALE.
From early boyhood J. Howard Hale has
been known as a hard worker. His father
died when he was a mere lad, leaving his
mother, in meager circumstances. The
small farm was not overproductive and
young Hale soon learned what it was to
shoulder grave responsibilities. He had
very limited opportunities to attend
school.. He .was a" keen observer, however,
and rapidly accumulated a store of infor
mation as he came in contact with others.
Blessed with a strong constitution and a
will power that was not easily swayed,
his own experiences" in his youthful days
were a substitute for university lectures.
These first encounters with adverse condi
tions developed a character well fitted to
conduct the great enterprise that he now
manages and "controls.
About thirty-three years ago he con
ceived the idea of transforming some' of
the abandoned New England hill farms
into berry beds and peach orchards.'- He
began in a. small way at first, testing va
rieties and studying the underlying prin
ciples of fruit growing. Having demon
strated that the neglected and forsaken
Connecticut hills on the old home farm
would produce as fine peaches ' as were
grown anywhere in the world, in company
with his brother he borrowed money and
planted his first commercial orchard In
18S0. Mr. Hale never for a moment thought
there was any doubt about linal success
of his venture; but the good old deacons,
themselves engaged In tobacco culture,
who were responsible for a $2000 loan- of
the church funds, felt so uneasy about
the money that they requested the pros
pective fruit-grower to give better secur
ity than a first mortgage on the farm or I
to pay off his debts at once. Young, Hale
did not tell them that he then had his
first good crop of peaches on his trees,
but asked them to wait two months and
he would give the desired security. In Au
gust and September $7000 worth of peaches
were sold from the farm that the neigh
bors thought, was not good security for
$2000. The deacons were paid the full
amount of their claims.
A Great New England Peach Farm.
This was young Hale's first real encour
agement from the money point of view.
For three successive years the crops had
been killed- by late spring frosts. Here
again the resolute qualities of the lad
stuck out. His early experience with the
push cart, borrowed from a neighbor and
afterward bought for $1, in which he de
livered his fruits in the local market, was
of inestimable value in buoying up the
spirits of . a boy, j whom the neighbors
called a wild dreamer." When. the little
cart was loaded, as it often was, it took
lots of push to start it; hanging back
would not budge it. an inch, but an ever
lasting push kept it moving slowly ahead.
This, young Hale discovered, was the only
way to get ahead and that lesson of push,
learned from experiences with the old
hand cart, has stimulated and carried him
over many discouraging any trying pe
riods. • ' • :
Since the first big crop was secured and
the mortgage lifted and other debts paid
many larger crops have been gathered.
To-day tho old Hale farm, in the family's
hands for over 250 years, is in better con
dition, more productive and of far greater
value than ever tefore. The once aban
doned hilltops covered with rocks and
overgrown^ with underbrush and birch are
now cleanly cultivated and studded with
great peach orchards, which during the
latter part of May present one grand bou
quet. The delicate ¦ pink of tho peach
bloom on. nearly a . hundred thousand
trees planted on terraces, in contrast with
the green wooded background of higher
and rougher hills and the river and valley
fields below, have made the Hale farm
famous throughout New England, to say
nothing of the carloads of luscious fruits
produced later in the season. The little
push-cart has long since given way to
more modern means of transportation.
The Hartford street railway has run a
sidetrack into this farm and the fruit is
packed in cars, constructed for that pur
pose, and rushed by electricity to the
steam railway, nine miles distant. This
is the first fruit farm in the Uaited States
to adopt the trolley car for handling fruit
direct from-the orchard.
Growing Peaches in Georgia.
Having thus made a fair start in Con
necticut, Mr. Hale wanted to extend his
orchards. After visiting, every peach
growing section in this country, he locat
ed a tract of about 2160 acres in Central
Georgia, near Fort On this im
mense plantation he fcus developed the
largest individual orchard in the world.
Over 250,000 trees are fruiting and younger
orchards are coming on each season.
Trees are set with perfect regularity thir
teen feet apart and the orchard is laid off
into blocks 1000x500 feet each way. The
avenues are thirty feet wide and the cross
streets twenty-six feet wide. The former
•are named after the great.peach-produc
ing States, California, Michigan, Ohio,
Maryland, Delaware, New Jersey, Con
necticut, Georgia, etc., while the latter
are called Downing, Wilder, Warder,
Thomas, Barry, Gold, Bailey, etc., after
renowned horticulturists. Thus the whole
system is unique. From the main pack
ing shed stretching away for two miles Is
one great forest of peach trees. •
Mr. Hale has systematized every detail
of this industry. During the height of the
season in June and July over 800 persons
about equally divided between white and
black are employed and they camp on the
place. The first bell rings at 3 o'clock in
the morning, which serves as a signal to
the superintendent that the stableman is
at his post feeding the horses and mule3.
At 4 o'clock, through the gray of the
morning, the merry procession starts
through the orchard, singing. From
morning till night the plantation echoes
the refrains of the negroes, happy and
contented, hidden among the foliage. The
Jxees are headed low and all the fruit,
even on the oldest trees, can- be picked
from the ground without a ladder. The
pickers are divided into gangs of about
twenty, each with a foreman. Every
picker is numbered and furnished with a
bunch of cards bearing his number. When
he begins picking he drops a card in the
bottom of the basket. All fruit must be
picked according to a standard of ripe
ness and variety, i If a basket is too ripe,
too green or in any way deficient, it is de
tected In the packing house and the num
bered card in the bottom is given to the
field superintendent, who is constantly in
the saddle. He gallops away to find the
offender arid brings him to task.
Packing Peaches for th.3 Market.
By 5 o'clock In the morning the wagons
begin to bring the fruit into the packing
shed and there is a constant stream of
fruit pouring in all day long. The bas
kets, set upon the platform, are immedi
ately taken by the assorters, who divide
the fruit into three grades In long canvas
trays stretched upon a table before them.
On the opposite side of these long tables
hundreds of white girls and boys of the
most refined classes, including * school
teachers, musicians, artists and others,
pack the fruit in small four-quart baskets.
Six of these baskets constitute a carrier
or crate. Every peach must be up to
standard size, without blemish and in a
perfect state of ripeness before being
placgd in one of these baskets. A gen
eral foreman keeps close watch in the
packing shed and before the lid is nailed
on every crate is inspected by an expert,
who makes sure that every, piece of fruit
is what the guaranty carries with it, in
a perfect condition and the same all the
way through. If a single peach is found
containing a bruise or blemish of any
kind the entire crate is returned to the
packer and as a penalty it must be re
packed. The girls handling this fruit be
come-very expert and from eighty to 100
crates a day is considered a good pack,
although some experts pack from 175 to
200 crates. Each carrier contains from 100
to 210 peaches, depending on the grade.
Each packer handles during the day from
20.000 to -30,000 pieces of fruit in addition
to handling the baskets and carriers.
Every basket, crate and even the cars
are labeled with Mr. Hale's red label.
Last summer a Northern man who was
visiting this orchard timed two of the ex
pert packers, a man and a woman. Each
removed three baskets and the middle
partition, handled 132 peaches and set the
carrier aside for shipment In two min
utes and twelve seconds. The same day
another expert, who was packing canta
loupes handled forty-six melons and pack
ed them ready for market in twenty sec
onds. The boys who nail the lids upon
the packages also become experts. One
lad drove six nails in nine seconds, while
his competitor drove the same number
and set the package aside in ten seconds."
The fruit is parsed directly into refriger
ator cars from the shed. Less than an
hour elapses from the time the fruit is
plucked from the tree until it is in cold
storage. During the rush of the season
a car is loaded every hour through the
day. It is a rare sight to see an entire
express train carrying the products of a
single orchard. The cars are iced five
times after they leave the orchard before
they reach the Northern markets.
Music for the Fruit Packers.
During the heavier part of- the packing
¦season Mr. Hale noticed that many girls
left the sheds at night in a rather melan
choly mood, and decided to try a new plan
to stimulate and give them new life the
latter part of the day, when the hours
seemed longer than usual. Here he exhib
ited his ingenuity, and, much to the de
light of the packers, the following after
noon about zo'clock a band, consisting of
the star players of the neighborhood, was
placed upon the platform in the shed.
They were instructed to play any kind of
music they chose the early part of the
afternoon, but to have strains of a lively
character later, and at the close of the
day nothing but the genuine old South
ern hoe-down would suffice. When the
quitting hour arrived the band was play
ing the liveliest tunes known to the lead
er. As a consequence the girl packers
left the sheds every afternoon in a happy
and contented frame of mind, rested and
refreshed, in condition to enjoy a good
night's sleep. At the same time, much to
the surprise of Mr. Hale, he found that
while the music rested his employes and
made them much more cheerful the aver
age pack was 30 per cent greater— enough
to pay for music and leave a profit.
There are nearly forty • miles of graded
roads in his orchard, and -one can drive
all. day long through vistas of peach
trees. The railroad was constructed in
1S95 through the heart of the estate by' the
Central Railway of Georgia. All details
of management are planned and given
out by Mr.* Hale from his Connecticut
office, he going to Georgia only during
the packing and shipping season. In ad
dition to the two packing sheds there is
a large, "well-equipped evaporator estab
lished, in which all fallen fruit and fruit
of an inferior quality, speckled or bruised,
is thoroughly prepared and dried. The
Red Label Hotel is another interesting
feature of this orchard. It is built accord-
Ing to modern plans and accommodates
about 250 employes. It i3 managed on a
co-operative basis, and the young men
and women secure their meals at actual
cost, paying nothing for room ¦ and other
accommodations. Some of the young men
club together, recure a cook and provide
their own meals.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Gray — Yes, I tell my wife everything, I
do; don't you?
Whlte^-I did for a while, but I had to
quit. My wife said it was too stupid for
anything.— Boston . Transcript.
Church.— So Rivers has been abroad?
Gotham— Yes; just returned.
"Did he have a quiet voyage?
' "No, I believe not: his wife and children
were with him."— Yonkers Statesman.
t"I see that Minister Conger calls Minis
ter Wu a hero."
. "Isn't that, diplomatic?"
"How so?" . ¦ ¦- " .¦ > ¦ . '
"Why, it places Wu In a position where
he can't avoid saying 'You're another " "—
Washington Star.
"There's a barrel organ going along the
street." * ,
'^That's nothing.. They're quite com
mon. ¦ ' ¦ ' ' ¦ .
"But what I want to know, is, does it
represent a real progressive movement in
music ?"-Fhlladelphla Times. n
"I don't see how you'can be so desper
ately in- love with a girl whom you have
known such a short time."
"Of .course you don't. But I've b*«»n
loving that girl all my life before I met
her. — r>etroit Free Press. .
' "Is lt J™ Boston relatively drinks
more, whisky than any other American
"I have seen It so stated." ¦
¦.*- "Then how does it manage to maintain
its reputation for unbroken correctness
of, speech ?' '-Philadelphia Times.
__A ¦couple of Carse. farmers met on the
High street, ; Dundee. "B'-the-bv Tam
mas," said^one.of them; "that account o"
W 8^, a ! a lang time noo.°
9*1* iuist ele !t a seat,' Sandy." interruDt
ed Tammas. jocularly. "I> n be rale gfed
tae dae that," replied Bandy, "but will we
mak' It a" receipt ?"-Montreal Sta™
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ CALL, MONDAY^ JUNE 10, 1901.
. Special- Information supplied daily 'to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery, street. Telephone Main 1042. .•
SUMMER » RATES •'. at ; Hotel del . Cbronado,
Coronado ] Beach, • Cal., effective after April 15,
$60 for. round .trip,; Including 15 . ~ days *al. hotel
.'Pacific Coast S. S."Co., 4 New Montgomery at
Cal. glace fruit 50c pier lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
The stranjrer had just paid 40 cents for
a sandwich, a. piece of pie and a cup of
coffee. ¦*. : , ¦;'•¦?•¦" . . ;
4
TTPE OF BOIX.ERS.
ami
ft «SS
: ° -I"
': ill
: : 55
' 3-1
I 3
I 1
a c
-i m
Cylindrical 12 138.73 1.934
Locomotive 12 105.29 2.215
Durr i... ." 5 110.23 2.03O
Thornycroft 6 80.17 2.130
Schulz 2 84.58 1.933
Niclausse 1 '90.15 1-933
Belleville 2 1102.20 1.9S7
TTPE OF BOIX.ERS.
ami
ft «SS
: ° -I"
': ill
: : 55
' 3-1
I 3
I 1
a c
-i m
Cylindrical 12 138.73 1.934
Locomotive 12 105.29 2.215
Durr i... ." 5 110.23 2.03O
Thornycroft 6 80.17 2.130
Schulz 2 84.58 1.933
Niclausse 1 '90.15 1-933
Belleville 2 1102.20 1.9S7
Call ¦ub*crlber« contemplating a cbangre of
r*»ldeiiee during- the summer months can haT«
Cmetr paper forwarded by mall to their new
¦vadreaae* by notifying The Call Bmlneii Office.
*%U paper will also be on sale at all summer
r«.«ort» and. la represented by a local tcent la
mil towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWI FOR THE SUMMER.
AUCTION SALES.
By Fred Chase— Thursday, June 12. at 11 a. m., at 1732 Mar-
ket street. Horses.
California^— "A Parisian Romance."
Central— "Jim the WeFterner."
Tivoll— "The Toy Maker."
Orrbeum — Vaudeville.
Columbia— D'Arcy of the Guards."
Alcazar — "For Bonnie Prince Charlie."
Grand Opera-house — "The Empress Theodora."
Olympia. comer Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
Emeryville Racetrack— Races to-day.
AMUSEMENTS.
S^p— r^HE parishioners of St. Peter's
r II filled St. Peter's Hall last night,
II being assembled to celebrate the
H twenty-fifth anniversary • of the
ordination of Rev. Peter S. Casey,
who for twenty-three years has been the
pastor of that church. A musical pro
gramme was rendered and an engrossed
set of resolutions -was presented to the
pastor.
The programme was opened by an intro- .
ductory address by Thomas B. Slevin,
chairman of the committee having the
celebration in charge. After several mu
sical numbers ' were rendered , Thomas R.
Curtis read the engrossed resolutions and
made the ¦ presentation. Following is a
portion of the resolutions:
It 'gives "us unaffected pleasure, reverend and
dear Father Casey, to call to mind to-day the
many claims you have upon our gratitude, our
esteem and our love. No work has been too
hard for you, no trouble too great when our
Interest or our convenience has been concerned.
You have been a 'stanch friend and a wise
counselor. You have been kind and gentle
with us in our many failings and shortcom
ings. You have known how to rejoice with
us In our joys and you have known how to
sorrow with us in our sorrows. By the sick
bed your voice has added comfort to the sacra
ments of the church. In the house of mourn
ing your very presence has been a consolation.
When • we look back upon the past twenty
three years and see all' that has been done in
this parish we' cannot but wonder at the en
ergy and perseverance, and foresight you have
displayed, for you are the master builder and
architect of it all. We worship In a church
as beautiful' as the Anos\ beautiful on' this
coast, and to your energy the credit is due.
That church is adorned . and furnished as be
comes a house of prayerand the dwelling place
of the most holy, and to your. Indefatigable
perseverance and exquisite taste we owe the
result. The parish, situated in a populous
and ever-growing district of the city. Is en
dowed with spacious grounds and commodious
buildings, and to your foresight we must as
cribe the praise.
And what shall we say of your zeal' in that
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Thirty of the striking boilermakers
¦went to Honolulu on the Zealandia. Some
steel barges for use among the islands
are to be built, and men are in demand.
All the boys went down steerage, and ex
pect to be gone about two months.
Mrs. Dowdell is the wife of the Zea
landia's captain. Mrs. W. I S. Hughes is
the wife of Captain Hughes of the navy.
Miss May Tabrett is the daughter of
Superintendent Tabrett of the Risdon
Iron Works. A big crowd of her friends
were down to see her away. They simply
loaded her down with bouquets and
wreaths. Miss Tabrett expects to remain
twelve months in the islands. Ed Pol
litz, the broker, is going to Honolulu in
connection with some of his sugar plan
tation business.
L. W. Brehm.. Mrs. Brehm, Miss H. J. Brier
ley. A. W. Colter. Miss M. Davis, Miss M. de
Poy, F. J. Donneberer, Mrs. .Thomas Dowdell,
K. A. Douthltt, J. J. Dunne. Mrs. Dunne,
child and maid. Miss J. E. Harg«r,
William Henniff, Mrs. Hennig. F. , O.
Hihn, Mrs. M. A. Hooes, Mrs. W. S.
Hughes. C. W. Irwln, Mrs. Irwln. H. Klley,
J. II. Makins. H. C. Marsales, W. McElroy,
John D. McGilvray, Master W. McGllvray,
Henry MeGllvray, John McGregor, George
McLaughlin. Georce Medhurst, Robert Mur
ray. F. J. Owens, Ed Pollitz, Dr. V. Razar
roni, AV. Shaughnessy, John Stewart, Miss. May
Tabrett and Wray Taylor.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Zea
landia got away for Honolulu on time
yesterday morning. At 11 o'clock the
lines .were cast off, and a few minutes
later she was heading down the* bay.
There was a big crowd down to see the
mall boat away, one or two of whom .had
to jump ashore after the gangplank was
pulled in. The cabin passengers were
the following named:
Will Build Steel Barges at
Kahului for the Sugar
Plantations.
Thirty of the . Striking
Boilermakers Sail
on Her.
ZEALANDIA OFF
FOR HONOLULU
TO SAIL.
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full Information ask L.
M. Fletcher. 212 California street. •
•The Missouri Pacific Limited"
Rocca, each about 17 years of age, were
arrested yesterday by Detectives Dinan
anci Wren and Policeman Freel and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
burglary. They are accused of breaking
into the cigar store. 210 Kearny street, by
clirrbing over the transom last Wednes
day morning and stealing a quantity of
cigars, tobacco., checks for cigars and
$3 50 from the till. _;
Boys Break Into a Cigar-Store.
Two boys, Robert Klindt. and Mario
Besides these the Hancock has aboard
1041 enlisted men of the Thirty-first In
fantry, thirteen discharged soldiers, five
members of the hospital corps, four pris
oners and one stowaway. The four pris
oners are: James O. Cook, Company H:
William H. Henderson, Company E; Ed
Durbin, Company I. and Harry Sleet,
Company I, Thirty-first Infantry. The
stowaway is a deserter' from the Russian
navy. He ran away from his ship at
Nagasaki and managed to get aboard
the Hancock. He was not discovered un
til the transport was five days out at sea.
Isadore Midel, the ex-President of Zam
boanga, comes to San Francisco to visit
his son, who is a student at the Berke
ley university. He says that . the war is
over and that the Filipinos are learning
rapidly that American rule means peace
and prosperity.
The transport Buford. with the Forty
first Infantry, arrived at Nagasaki as the
Hancock was leaving and will not reach
San Francisco before Wednesday next.
Colonel Wirt Davis, Third Cavalry;. Major
"W. L. Flnley, • Eleventh Cavalrv; Major "W. F.
Lewis, surgeon, U. S. V.; Major W. B. Rey
nolds, Fourteenth Infantry; Captain J. J. Er
wln. assistant surgeon, U. S. V.; Captain E.
B Fenton, commissary sergeant, U. S. ¦V. :
Captain A. Campbell, artillery corps; First
Lieutenant H. N. Royden. Twenty-third In
fantry; First Lieutenant H. L. Gilchrlst, as
sistant surgeon, U. S. A.; Second Lieutenants
M. Noldauest, C. E. Booth, N. P. Yergensen.
Joseph Smith, Signal Corps. i
Civilians— Isadore Midel. ex-president of the
province of Zamboanga; ¦ Miss Briggs, sister
in-law of Professor Moses; Mrs. W. L. Knee
dler and two children, Mrs. Reynolds. Mrs.
W. F. Lewis, Miss Maud Moshier and Miss M.
Gottschalk. i ;;.:', , " ¦ >
Lieutenant. Colonel Lloyd M. .Brett. Major
A. L. Haines surgeon; Captains A. G. Sharp
ley, J. A. Wagner, L. C. Bennett. P. • C. Gal
leher, K. L. Gilmer, R. C. Payne, Kent
Browning, R. S. ' Porter. '. assistant surgeon;
First Lieutenants S. L. Steer, H. C. Preston,
A. T. Balentine, W. Reed, M. B. Wilhoit. W.
A Castle. J. B. Fonner, P. H. Hawkins. C.
F. Richmond, Dewit Chamberlin, W. H. Mon
roe, W. Lindsey, Vf. Twyman, H. Gibbons;
Second Lieutenants D. A. Snyder, A. H. . Ste
vens, A. E. Deitch, W. O. Bowman, J. P.
Spurr. J. B. "Wilson. C. G. Rorebech. J. Tot
ten, -s, f^ ;.;*.
Other officers who came home on the
transport were:
The United States army transport Han
cock arrived from the ¦ Philippines late
yesterday afternoon with the Thirty-first
Infantry, U. S. V- This regiment has
been gone two years and during the whole
time never saw the enemy unless they
were" brought in as prisoners or came
into camp to surrender. There were only
twenty-six deaths in the twenty-four
months, and of these three were from
drowning and one man was murdered.
All the men. are, in splendid health and
many of them would enlist again for
another term of service in the islands.
The officers of the Thirty-first who 'came
home on the Hancock are:
Ex-President of Zamboanga
One of the Hancock's
Passengers, i 1 :?-
Regiment Lost Twenty-
Six Men Only During
the Campaign.
THIRTY-FIRST
IS HOME AGAIN
FROM SEATTLE.
MONDAY. JUNE 10.
Sun rises... '. 4:<7
Sun sets 7:31
Moon rises 0:14 a. m.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June , 8— Schr
North Bend, hence May 26, for Port Blakeley.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived June S— Bark Snow
& Burgess, from Honolulu.
COOS BAY— Arrived June 8— Schr Western
Home, hence May 22; schr Abble, hence May 26.
TACOMA— Sailed June 8— Br stmr Condor,
for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed June 8— Stmr Del Norte.
for Hoquiam.
VENTURA— Sailed June 8— Stmr Geo W Loo
mis, for San Francisco. '>
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed June 8-Stmr
W H Kruger, for San Francisco. •
NEAH BAY— Passed in June 9— Br stmr Vic
toria, hence June 5; bark Gatherer, hence May
29; bark J D Peters, from Chignik Bay. .
Passed out June 9— Bark Oakland, from Ev
erett, for Port Clarence: bktn Klikitat, from
Port Ludlow, for Honolulu.' ¦
COOS BAY— Sailed June 7— Schrs La Gironde
and Eliza Miller, for San Francisco. '
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 8— Schr. Sadie,
from Um^qua River, t June 9— Stmr Despatch,
from Portland; schr Meteor, from Port Blake
ley. .¦¦¦•'. > ¦
ASTORIA— Arrived June 9— Stmr George W
Elder, hence June 7; stmr Signal, hence June 4
ASTORIA— Saihed June 8— Stmr Alliance, for
San Francisco: Ger shin Najade, for United
Kinsdom. : ,
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived m June 6— Schr
James H Bruce, hence May 26; schr Fanny
Dutard. from Ventura.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 9— Schrs
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Br bark Inverneill, Patterson, Queenstown.
Brig Consuelo, Page, Mahukona.
Schr Esther Buhne, Salveson, . Grays Harbor.
Schr Peerless, Johnson, . |
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgenson, Coquille River.
Schr Challenge, , Cape Nome.
' TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 9, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity. 40 miles per hour.
San Buenaventura and Laura Madsen, from
San Pedro.
' Sailed June 8 — Schr Guide, for San Fran
cisco.
NEEDLE ROCK— Sailed June 8— Stmr Alca
zar, for San Francisco. .
SEATTLE— Sailed June 8— Stmr St Paul, for
Nome; U S Btmr Warren, for Nome. • |
SEATTLE— Sailed June 8— Stmr South Port
land, for Nome; stmr City of • Seattle, for
Skaguay. " . ¦
FOREIGN PORTS. ¦
MANILA— Arrived June 7— Ship Susquehan
na, from Baltimore.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK- Arrived June 9— Stmr Scotia,
from Genoa and Naples; stmr Minneapolis,
from London; stmr Furnessia, from Glasgow
and Moville: stmr Tartar, from Leghorn,
Genoa and Naples. -¦ - : - ¦ -
Arrived June 9 — Stmr Maasdam, • from • Rot
terdam and Boulocne.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived June 8— Stmr Bar
barosea, from New York," for Bremen, and pro
ceeded. ' ¦ . - ¦
MOVILLE — Arrived * June 9 — Stmr City of
Rome, from New Xork, for Glasgow, and pro
ceeded. ¦
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June &-Stmr Iver
nla, from Boston, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
. Sailed June 9— Stmr Umbrla, • from Liverpool,
for New,' York.
GLASGOW— Sailed June 8— Stmr Samarthlan,
for Quebec and Montreal.
MONTREAL— Bailed June J-Stmr Mesaba,
for New York."
BALTIMORE— Sailed June 9— Stmr. Meteor,
for San Francisco. ¦ • . -
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived June 9 — Stmr
Sicilian, from Glasgow and Liverpool, vlaSt
Johns, N S; stmr. Noordland, from Liverpool,'
via Queens^town.
New Zealand had last yeax 6438 facto
ries, with 48,938 employes.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Sub, Moon and Tide.
Times and Heights of High and . Low
Waters at Fort Point," entrance to San
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both r^aces.
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
most important of all matters, the cause of
Christian education? Our children and our
children's welfare have always been your daily
solicitude. Since you came to us you have
cherished and fostered the Sisters ot Mercy,
who have in St. Peter's Academy done such
noble work for the young of this district. Even .
though burdened with the task of building the
new church you had courage enough to under
take the foundation of a Fecond school, and it
is to you we owe the inestimable blessing of
the presence of the Christian Brothers. Your
hands never grow weary in well doing, and it
Is to you we are indebted for the most neces
sary project to complete and round out the
endowment of the parish — a project whose ac
complishment, we hope, will mark the Jubilee
year. • We mean the new residence for the
parochial clergy.
To you, reverend and dear Father Casey, we
We have, therefore, reverend and dear Father
Casey, many reasons, both public and private,
to congratulate you on this auspicious an
niversary. With all. our hearts we wish you
well. Be assured your people not only honor
you as a priest, but they . esteem you as a
man and love you as a friend. To us all you
are the sosarth aroon. We pray< that the
years that are before you may be even more,
and happier, and richer in results than the
years that have gone by. There Is no honor
owe under God that we have here an ideal
parish after the mind of the fathers of the
council of Baltimore.. And it was no mean
testimonial to your personal worth and to your
administrative capacity that when the 'decrees
of that council were put in force concerning
the erection of irremovable rectorates St.
Peter's parish should have been among the
first to be so designated. . •
In the afternoon Father. Casey ¦will re
ceive his friends at the parochial resi
dence. To-night the closing exercises of
St. Peter's Academy will be held.
The celebration proper will take place
this morning. Solemn high mass will be
celebrated at 10:30 o'clock by Rev. Father
Casey. Rev. Peter C. Yorke will preach
the sermon. Archbishop Riordan will be
present, and fully fifty clergymen are ex
pected to be in attendance.
Father Casey responded with much
emotion. He assured his • parishioners
that their affection and co-operation had
made possible whatever results had been
accomplished, and he bespoke their con
tinued co-operation.
The musical programme included the
following numbers:
Piano solo. Miss Florence Coonan; selection,'
St. Peter's Choral Society: instrumental ¦ duet.
George Webb, Arthur Keefe, Lawrence J.
Dwyer, Joseph Kennedy; vocal quartet, Messrs.
Flood, Wallace, Colgan and Donahue; instru
mental duet, . John Burke, William Fitzgerald.
Joseph Kennedy, Lawrence Dwyer.
that we would not give you if we could. Ther
is -no blessing that we do not wish you. Ma:
God have you in his holy keeping, and may h
continue to strengthen your hand to every, gooi
work, so that many another noble deed may b
recorded in the love and esteem and gratltud
of your flock when they meet to . celebrate . you
golden jubilee.
POPULAR . PRIEST AND THE
• HANDSOME TESTIMONIAL. PRE
SENTED HIM BY PARISHIONERS.
SAILED.
Saturday, June 8.
Stmr National City, Dettmers. .
Btmr Sequoia, Winkle, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
Stmr Coronado.; Johnson. Seattle.'
Kktn Planter. Chase, Honolulu. -
Schr Challenger, Anderson, Port Blakeley.
Schr Ida Schnauer, . Sorenson, Port Gamble.
. ..".' y ; Sunday, JuneS.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, . .
Stmr Mandalay. > Reed, Coquille River.
Stmr Zealandia, Dowdell, Honolulu. -
Stmr Washtenaw, Zolllng, ¦ Tacoma.
Ger shiD Gerlltzky, Liverpool.
Bark Mohican, Kelly, Honolulu.
Sunday. June 9.
Stmr Fulton, Levlnson, 16 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttlefleld, .74 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Westport, Erickson, 19 hours from Bear
Haibor.
Stmr Luella, Madsen. 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, 22 hours from Eu
reka. , ¦ . • •
Stmr Queen, Thomas, 60 hours from ! San
Dteeo and way ports.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, 75 hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 44V4 hours from Coos
Bay. - - f
U S atmr Hancock. 22% days from Manila,
via Nagasaki 16 days.
• Br stmr Strathgyle. Gordon. 44 days from
Hongkong; 35 days from" Kobe. 31 days from
Yokohama, 16 days from Honolulu and via
San Dleso 3 days. f . ,
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen, 18 hours from
Stewarts Point.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, 5 hours from
Point Reyes. * . • .
Bchr Archie and Fontle,. Fergesen, 10 hours
from Bowens Landing. .
Schr La Gironde, Hanson, 2M days from
Coos Bay. ' : . '. . '
Saturday, June 8.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. 46 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 39 hours. -
Stmr Crescent • City, Payne, 28 hours from
Crescent City.
. Stmr Scotia, v7alvlg, 80 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Br stmr Milton, Remey, 3 days 20 hours from
Nanaimo.
Schr Webfoot. Mercer, 6 days from "Wlllapa
Harbor. ¦ , ¦<:.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of . occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. • The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
riven by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL!^
5
Engrossed Resolutions Presented, Setting Forth 'the Pas
tor's, Inestimable. Services— Solemn High -Mass to Be
Celebrated. This Morning With Sermon by Father Yorke
ST. PETER'S PARISHIONERS CELEBRATE
SILVER JUBILEE OF FATHER CASEY
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City of Para Nanaimo June 10
Empire Coos Bay June 10
TV. H Kruger. San Pedro June 10
Pomona Humboldt June 10
Ventura Sydney & T\*ay Ports.. June 10
Tellus Oyster Harbor June 10
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay June 11
Condor Tacoma June 11
North Fork ¦ Humboldt June 11
TValla TValla...- Puget Sound Ports June 11
Newburg Grays Harbor June 11
Rival TVillapa Harbor June 11
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma June 11
Acme Siuslaw River June 11
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Pts.'Junell
Noyo... Humboldt (June 12
Progreso Tacoma IJune 12
Santa Barbara San Pedro June 12
Eureka Humboldt June 13
Rainier Seattle & New Whatcm June 13
Point Arena Point Arena June 13
Corona Newport June 13
Fanta Rosa San Diego June 13
H'konp Maru.. ! China and Japan June 14
G. \V. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. June 14
Arcata iCoos Bay June 15
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Chas. D. Lane. Vome direct ...„ June 10
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. June 10
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. June 12
Alki Pkaguay & Way Ports. 1 June 14
Chas. Neleon.. Skag^iay & Way Ports. June 15
Jeame Nome direct June 15
Kome City Nome, Teller & Topkuk June 15
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. June 16
Dirigo Skaguay & Way Ports. June 18
City of Seattle. i Skaguay & Way Ports. June 18
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Jane 10.
Robt. Dollar.. Seattle & Hadlock. 5 pm Pier 2
Brunswick... Nome & Teller 5 pm Pier 16
Arcata Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay ... 5 pm Pier 13
CityofPuebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier »
Jane 11. ..: ii
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Bonita San Pedro I 9 amjPier 11
June 12.
Santa Barb. .. Humboldt 2 pmjPler 2
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
June 13.
Acme Sluslaw River 11 am Pier 13
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Alliance Portl'd & Coos Bay Pier 16
Jane 14.
Xorth Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Gaelic China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
June 15. '
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Xoyo Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Point Ar»na.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
- Time Time Time I Time
Date Ft Ft. Ft. Ft
HW| L. \V H W . L W
10 ..1 5:43 4.0 11:26 1.4 6:14 5.6
IL W |HW L W H W
11 .. 0:44 1.11 7:01 4.1 12:19 1.8 7:00 5.9
12 ...I 1:44 0.41 8:24 4.1 1:14 2.1 7:46 «.2
13 .. 2:40—0.2 9:30 4.3 2:0S ' 2.4 8:30 6.4
14... 3:33—0.8 10:34 4.4 3:00 2.6 9:18 6.6
15 .. 4:20—1.1 11:29 4.8 3:60 2.8 10:06 6.7
16"... 5:10—1.4 12:19 4.S 4:42 2.8 10:55 6.6
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City of Para Nanaimo June 10
Empire Coos Bay June 10
TV. H Kruger. San Pedro June 10
Pomona Humboldt June 10
Ventura Sydney & T\*ay Ports.. June 10
Tellus Oyster Harbor June 10
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay June 11
Condor Tacoma June 11
North Fork ¦ Humboldt June 11
TValla TValla...- Puget Sound Ports June 11
Newburg Grays Harbor June 11
Rival TVillapa Harbor June 11
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma June 11
Acme Siuslaw River June 11
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Pts.'Junell
Noyo... Humboldt (June 12
Progreso Tacoma IJune 12
Santa Barbara San Pedro June 12
Eureka Humboldt June 13
Rainier Seattle & New Whatcm June 13
Point Arena Point Arena June 13
Corona Newport June 13
Fanta Rosa San Diego June 13
H'konp Maru.. ! China and Japan June 14
G. \V. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. June 14
Arcata iCoos Bay June 15
- Time Time Time I Time
Date Ft Ft. Ft. Ft
HW| L. \V H W . L W
10 ..1 5:43 4.0 11:26 1.4 6:14 5.6
IL W |HW L W H W
11 .. 0:44 1.11 7:01 4.1 12:19 1.8 7:00 5.9
12 ...I 1:44 0.41 8:24 4.1 1:14 2.1 7:46 «.2
13 .. 2:40—0.2 9:30 4.3 2:0S ' 2.4 8:30 6.4
14... 3:33—0.8 10:34 4.4 3:00 2.6 9:18 6.6
15 .. 4:20—1.1 11:29 4.8 3:60 2.8 10:06 6.7
16"... 5:10—1.4 12:19 4.S 4:42 2.8 10:55 6.6
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Chas. D. Lane. Vome direct ...„ June 10
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. June 10
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports. June 12
Alki Pkaguay & Way Ports. 1 June 14
Chas. Neleon.. Skag^iay & Way Ports. June 15
Jeame Nome direct June 15
Kome City Nome, Teller & Topkuk June 15
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. June 16
Dirigo Skaguay & Way Ports. June 18
City of Seattle. i Skaguay & Way Ports. June 18
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Jane 10.
Robt. Dollar.. Seattle & Hadlock. 5 pm Pier 2
Brunswick... Nome & Teller 5 pm Pier 16
Arcata Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay ... 5 pm Pier 13
CityofPuebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier »
Jane 11. ..: ii
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Bonita San Pedro I 9 amjPier 11
June 12.
Santa Barb. .. Humboldt 2 pmjPler 2
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
June 13.
Acme Sluslaw River 11 am Pier 13
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Alliance Portl'd & Coos Bay Pier 16
Jane 14.
Xorth Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Gaelic China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
June 15. '
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Xoyo Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Point Ar»na.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
AMUSEMENTS.
AJDVEBTISEMENTS.
My RHEUHATISH CURE is just as
certain to cure rheumatism as water
is to quench thirst. No matter what
part of the body the pain may be in
or whether it is acute or chronic
nUNYON'S RHEUHATISH CURE
will drive it oat in a few hours, and
fully cure in a few days.— HUNYON.
| Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure will cure any case of
indigestion or stomach trouble.
Ninny per cent, of kidney complaints, including
the earliest stages of Bright's Disease, can be cured
with Munvoa's Kidney Cure.
Munyon"sCitaiThCure\vi!lccrecatarrhofthe head, ¦
throa.: and sro::iach, nomatterof how long: standing.
Nrrvous aSectionsanudiseases cf the hcartarecon-
trolled and cured liy Munyon'sXerve and HeartCure.
Munyon'sColdCure will break upanyformofcold.
Manyon't Vitalirer restores lost powers to weak
men. Price $i.
The Gslde to Ilrallh (frre) tells about diseases
and their cure. Get : .t at any. drug store. The Cures
are all on sale thrrr. mostly at 25 cents a vial.
Munyon. New York and Philadelphia.
MCNYOV'- ivn rv.it ITttE'i CITAKGH.
t Strictly Reliable. *
Dr.Talcott
&co.
Diseases and
Weakness of
f \l//|MEN0NLY
By far the most frequent cause of nervous
disorders of the male is
A DAMAGED PROSTATE GLAND.
The Froftate Gland (so-called neck of blad-
der^ Is a structure very rich in nerves. "When
the terminations of these nerves are kept In a
constant state of excitement, by chronic Inflam-
matory processes. It appears very clear that by
transmission of this Irritation to other nerves
the patient may be subject to nervous phenom-
ena of the most varied character. Premature-
ness. Impotency, etc.. are not weaknesses, but
EymptomE of this inflammation. We have pre-
pared a colored chart, which we wHl send, free
on application, by which any one Interested can
readily understand why, if he has been treated
for a weakness, he has not been cured. We
particularly solicit this class of cases, and can
promise a speedy cure without stomach dru«-
ging.
997 MARKET STREET, Cor. Sixth.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦ \ Steamers leave Broadway
••t Wharf, San Francisco:
tvS*-^^ for Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
IV^tS?^ June 5 - 10 - 15 > -°- 25> M. July
I"-*&*iW&J*k E - Chasse to company's
t*W E&OTOl^ st«-amerF at Seattle.
f«aJ3*4 NSll For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
£j£fcK— •"'"' J 3''i C.). Port Townsend, Seattle,
P^JSWkl Tacoma. Everett, Ana.?orr«
"^Cj^^S and New Vi r hatcom CV\'a*h.) —
11a.m., June 6. 10. 15. 20, 25, SO.
July 5, and ev«ry fifth day thereafter. Change j
at Seattle for this company" 8 steamers for
Alaska and G. Kf. Ry.: at Seattle or Taconia
lor N P Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
June 2. 7. 11. 16. 21. 26. July 1. and every fifth
Cay thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
gelesJ-Ptcamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m ;
Et«amer ?anta Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cm*.
Monterey. Fan Pimecn. Cayucos, Port H*rford
'San Luis ObisDO). Gaviota, Santa Barbara,
Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East San Pe-
dro. 'Newport <»Corona only) — Steamer Corona.
Saturday s, 9 a. m.; steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays.
I a. re.
For Trsenada. MapdaJena Bay. Pan Jo*» del
<~abo. Maratlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia nnd Guayaat (Mei.)— 10 a. m.. "th each
month.
For further Information obtain companies
Toilers.
The company re^errps the right to change
s-tfjmerf. sallir.e date* and hours of sailing
wf**iout ui > ilaup notice.
TirKFT OFF»rE — < New Montgomery
Ftr*^t fPalace Hot<»1>.
GOODALL, PK^KIN'S A CO . Gen. Agents.
19 Market »f=t.. Pan Frenclpco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Stnatnsbip Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
Af* Phrrt Rail Li-e from Portland to nil
rr Ints Fast. Through •'iilcets to all
pcin'«j. "¦" -«»"' "" « f f > »iR 1 i' i » "»n>l rail, st
IiO"WEST KATES.
E?EAt»TE§ TICKETS INCLUDE B2HTH and MEAXS.
PP. <~'-lX"MI?IA...Pailp June 12, 22, July 2, 12, 22
fc=. GEO. W. ELDER
Pail? June 7, 17. 27. July 7. 17. 27
T>.W. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Montgom'y.S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
:'~X7 c •:".T»"W'KP70f. ro'Dcy. pasii j
Stoppine at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Ycrk Every Wednesday, 10 a. m. -
Ft. Paul June IS Ft. Louis July 17
Pt. Louis June 26 St. Paul August 7
St. Paul July lOiSt. Louis August 14
RED STAR LINE.
rc*»w Vork and Antwern.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Boutnwarfc Jun» 19 'Zeeland July 10
*Vaderlan<i June 2C Frifstand July 17
Kensington July 3 Pennland July 24
"international navigation co..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS TV7LL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner Firyt and Brannan stre-ets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
KoV« (HSogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of ealline.
ES HONGKONG MARtT.Saturday. June 22. 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU. ..Wednesday, July 17, 1901
6S. AMERICA M A RU.. Saturday. 'Aug. 10. l»01
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner F*lrst.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
A/»AiinFA C C Pik ¦*¦*"• uvo^ NEW
QceaBiC5.h.to. s^s^sjs
ES. SONOMA <via Honolulu) for Samoa,
N>w Zealand and Australia....
Thursday. June 20, 10 a. m.
ES. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. June 26, 10 a. m.
PS. ZEALANDIA OJonolulu only)
: Saturday June 29, 2 p. m.
j. D.SPRECKLS k mi. CO.. General Agents. 327 Haiist St
Gea'i Passenssr Cffics. E43 Kartet St., Pier la. 7. Pacific St
PANAMA R. R. "SS5?-
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Eteerare, ?4O.
S. S. Argyll hails Monday. ' June 24
f>. S. Lcelanaw sails Monday, duly, 15
S. S. Argyll ksIIk Mondnv. Aug. 5
From Harrison-street "Wharf at 2 p. m. ¦
Freight and passenger office, S30 Market ct
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast 'Aeent.
COKPiGNIE GENEKALE TRANSATLANTIQU2
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Failins: every Thursday, instead of <3^:ff£B
Faturday. at JO a. m., from pier <2,
North River, foot of Morton etreet. *La Lor-
raine. June 13; *L*Aquitaine, June 20; La
Bretagne, June 27; Lol Champagne. July 4.
First clas* to Havre, $55 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 22 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FCGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets e»Jd by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
. rTwin Screw Express Eteamere.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of GONORRHEA, GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of the
Organs of Generation.
Price $1 n. bottle. For sale by druggists.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
yULUlVllSJA LEADING THEATRE
Matinees "Wednesday and Saturday.
A k Beginning
T A Dramatic TO . NIGHT
I Event ot , '• -. -
I Importance. w ™?** JJ^J.^ 11 An *
HENRYMILLER
And a Strong Supporting Cast Will Present
the Romantic Love Story, -
DAROY I GUARDS
In, 4 Acts, by Louis Evan Shlpman. '
Next Week— Last Nights of Miller Season.
- THIS WEEK— LAST TIMES! : .
V>fUl X/ ia/\»=?Ci/*irsi matinee
UHLI THURSDAY, JUNE 13.
Reserved— !3c . and 50c. .•
—GOOD- BY PERFORMANCES
OF THE FAVORITES.-
MR, JAMES NEILL
And the NEILL Company.
BY SPECIAL REQUEST. : ;
A PARISIAN
ROMANCE.:
KIND PERMISSION OF '? ?'•.¦'
MR. RICHARD MANSFIELD.
EVENING ¦ — : 25c. 35c, 60c. 75c $1.00
LAST SATURDAY MATINEE — - — 23c, 50c. 75c
GRAND 1 OPEJRA. HOUSE
BEGINNING THIS (MONDAY) NIGHT.
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE.' in Sardou's
Wonderful Play.
THE EMPRESS
THEODORA.
Being: the First Production of This Great Play
< v. . - in English In Thia ' City.
There Will Be a Professional Matinee . Thur»-
• .-'¦, ¦ .' day. June 10th." ¦
Usual Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— 10c. 15c, 25c. 60c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees, 25 Cents.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
; smart city hah
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.-
MATINEE SATURDAY • AND SUNDAY.
The fascinating Melodrama of the East and
¦ ¦,. 'West, i
w i t IwM ¦ New York Sun says: I
¦* * tva "The best. American
JS* '• • v , / P^y ever written.'* I
WESTERNERS
pit if EC EvenlngB ...10c. 15c. 25c. 35c. 60c
I niWLO -Matinees .10c. 15c. 25c
Neit Week— "A NIOHT AT THE* CIRCUS."
FISCHER'S concert house.
. CttARITY MARTIN. G. S. Wanrell. Matlldlta
and Ballet; Katherine Krleg'and Minnie HufI,
Carrol, Graville and : Graham ; and Sam Htjld-
worth. \«* . .V .' .,. ¦'-.¦•¦.- • •
[¦'•'-? Reserved • Seats,"~23c. 'Matinee Sunday.'
TELEPHONE »¥ f|*
ulebE&co.
222-224 SUTTER ST.
Country Orders Given Prompt
Attention.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS.
Monday— Tuesday — Wednesday.
Bntter-S5?.-5isr f square 29c
Meat Safes K^SI. 5 .^ 93 85c
Made of best seasoned wood.
IVpn Ten different kind*. .IK Ihn
IBd Our high-grade 50c. «* *««
Cocoa; "Sonchard," Swiss
% lb.. Regularly 50c '. 40c
1 lb.. Regularly 90c 80c
» : v Absolutely pure. Known as the high-
est grade of Cocoa all the world over.
Laundry Soap 6 caXes 20c
Reg. 5 cakes 23c. Our celebrated "Old
Family" large cakes, better than ever. .
Talcum Powder ¦&"• tin 15c
Sardines 'SKW tin 20c'
Boneless, finest French.
Ginger Ale, "Puritas" doz $1.20
•Regularly $1.35.
Root Beer, "Puritas" doz $1.10
Reg. Jl-20. Full of sptrkleand life. "We
allow 15c on return of a dozen empties. ¦
Hiciel-Plated Ginger Ale Holders,
|§£isr* ; 40c
Beer, Muencnner Kindl js 1 $2.25
Reg. bbl of 10 doz pts $26 $21.75
Tne genuine Imported article. Reg-'
ularly, doz. pts., $2.75.
FaYorita de Cal. Claret S $3.25
Regularly, $2.50 doz. pints 1(12.15
Regularly, $4.00 doz. quarts. We
cannot recommend anything better for
a light, old table wine.
FOR THURSDAY ONLY.
Candy S£i--*RSr&- lb 28c
Taffies &\z£Ui lb 25c
CigarS Sold by*« b « « jobbing nus.
VAUDEVILLE'S BIGH-WATER MARL
EZRA KENDALL^
GARDNER AND MADDEHN, DOHERTX
SISTERS, THE TOBINS, SPENSER KEL-
LY, HINES AND REMINGTON. FLOR-
ENCE BINDLEY. FLATT AND STTTHER- '
LAND. THE BIOGRAPH. • ', : y. ¦¦'
Reserved Seats, 23c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
i Chairs and Box Seats, 60c. ¦ • . •_ - 'v**'
Matinees • Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
*TIVOLI*
"FIFTH "WEEK. AND STILL THET COME."
EVENINGS AT 8.
ALL THE CHILDREN WILL RECEIVE
TOYS. -
ANOTHER TOY SOUVENIR MATINEE
en SATURDAY, June 15th. |
THE
POPtTLAR PRICES ..2Sc and 50o
Telephone — Bush *.
flLVHEATR E*4&
TO-NIGHT BEGINS LAST WEEK
Florence Roberts,
Supported by White Whlttlesey, in ' Julia-
Marlowe's Success.
For Bonnie Prince Charlie.
Orchestra, first 6 rows, 73c. Matinee Satur-
day only. .
Next Week— FLORENCE ROBERTS as
CODNTESS VALESKA.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Martinetti and Sutherland,
Direct From the Orpheura.
josephinITgassman
. AND HER PICKANINNIES.
MURPHY & HART. CLINTON MONTGOM-
ERY. LA LISTA, BABY RUTH ROLAND.
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
AMATEUR NlfiHT, THURSDAY.
Telephone for Seats, Park 23. ;
RACINIB I RACING I RACING I
SPRING MEETING— Opening April ». .
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUtt. r
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
- Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
' • Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
" Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and -
12:30.' 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting?
with trains stopping at the entrance to the*
track. Last two . cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via.
Oakland mole connect with - San Pablo avenm
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. - Also all ¦ trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
- 1 Open dally f rera 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c.
Bathing. Including admission. 25c; children. 30c. I
I -rPALACE HOTEL-
¦ .' »• ¦ ... r I .-. ¦. •' . li. ¦ ¦¦ ;
'Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their, headquarters at j these hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not i to "
be obtained elsewhere. '. Desirable loca.' j
tlon, courteous attaches and uneqaaletf
cuisine. American and European plan*.
[ WGRAND HOTELS
COLOMBIA ' ... June 17 1 AREQUIPA July'..
TUCAPEL ....June 27 ( LIMARI July ..
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passeneer service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passeng-er office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
schooner Levi S. Woodbury on the same date.
For freight and passage rates apply to C. P.
MOORE. 935 Market street, room 6.
Gape. Nome, Teller City
Steamer CHICO. Sailing: June 15.
Only limited number of passengers taken.
Last steamer this month.
"We •will also dispatch the fast-sailing
BAY AND BIVEB ETEAMER3.
FOR U. S. NAVY'YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO '
9:13 a. m., 2:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vailejo 7 a. m.. 13:30 noon. 6 p." m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508. ' Landing and of-
fice, b*w: 2. Misslon-st. dock. HATCH BROS.
B|I Next to purity, the yeast used in brewing is of the P||
BjH iitmost importance in beer. Perfect beer requires a ¦«
rTl perfect yeast, and' rarely does a brewer find it. Rl/I
lUjj The Schlitz brewery, introduced chemically pure mM
HH yeast in America. It has made Schlitz beer the most WM
fr3^ palatable, healthful beer that is brewed. . wagl
Hpl The original mother cells form a priceless asset. W]%
L O All the yeast used in Schlitz beer forever will be deyel- Fr]
IlM oped from them. As a result Schlitz beer will never HI
EjfcJ there'll never fmmWtttSfifSWiMKB ' BB
Pfl be another' 'Phone Main 447 ¦Ti'51
L/IiJ I. i*i' Sherwood & vF*/*l
m\M beer like MmWmmmwMmmmwmmwI Sherwood LT J
Wkjm 9rMir7 tMXmWm f. ff* WWMrJJ-Jmi 212-H Market St. I
¦Ml ocnmz. aBmWKmm^mm^mwmSSS^ San Francisco - - Bel
«. V^* . - ¦ * " ¦-..:¦••¦. : - ¦ ¦¦.,--'¦
HI PP n nil I f Corner Fourth and
PftCf KflYft c M u a r k l P ec^l F B^
valises checked free.
The Germ That Causes It Has to Be
Destroyed to Cure Dandruff.
Many a woman spends an hour twice a
week scouring her scalp, thinking sciub-
bing off the scurf will cure the dandruff.
Two hours a week, at the age of 40 years,'
she has spent 260 days of 12 hours each, or
two-thirds of\a year of her life, in that
vain hope: vain, because you can't cure
dandruff without killing the dandruff
germ, and the only hair preparation on
earth that will do that is Newbro's "Her-
picide"— also a delightful hair dressing,
and thoroughly antiseptic against all con-
tagion frpm use of others* hair brushes.
It is also a delightful hair dressing.
DAUDRUFF "WONT "WASH OTJT.
. AD VERTISZBLENTS.HOW PLAYERS
AND TEAMS RANK
Runs responsible for— Iburg 4. Two-base
hits— Moskiman (2). Streib, Graham. Sacrifice
hit— Lohman. First base on errors— Oakland
3. First ¦ base on called balls— Off Iburg 2,
oft Krug 2. ¦ Left on bases— San Francisco 1,
Oakland 5. Struck out— By Iburg 2, by Moski
man 2, by Krug 1. Double plays— Graham to
Schwartz; Francks to Decker; Francks to
Arrellanes to Decker; Moskiman to Francks to
Decker; Schwartz to Rellly to Pabst. Passed
ball— Graham. Time of game— One hour and
SUMMARY,
Drennan, cf. ......... 3 2 2 13 0 0
Streib.rf ........4.* 1 2 0 2 0 0
Moskiman, p •..¦..¦.... 4 "l : 2 0 2 2 ¦'¦. , 0
Arrellanes. 2b ..4 1 1 0 5 ' 4 0
Fraricks, ss 4 1 "o 0 2- 5 0
Moore, 3b 4 0 1 0 0 2 0
Lohman, c ..,.2 0 00 2 1 0
Decker, lb '. 2 0 0 0 9 0 0
Totals 31 6 9 1 27 14" 0
; - RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco '. 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Base hits 1 0 0 10 2 10 1—6
Oakland ...-5 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 •— 6
Base hits .520 00110 •— 9
INDIVIDUAL FIELDING RECORD.
PITCHERS* RECORD.
By the year 1510 the cultivation of the
mulberry and the raising of silk worms
had spread over the most of Italy and ex
tended into the south of France and
Spain.
Another carload of trunks, valises and
<lress-suit cases Just received. Also large
shipment of pocket-books, belts, bill
books, card and cigar cases. On all fine
leather goods, kodaks and cameras in
cluded, your full name lettered in gold
free of charge. Sanborn, : Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
A Carload of Trunks.
Ham J, Ebba, Neva Simmons, Susie J
Free Silver, Lady Thisbe, Nirvana, Ax
tell o, Endow, Lucy Carr,. I ve Dee. The
Roman, Yarrum, Dreamer, Laurel S
Quoddy Girl.etc. - ,
The Tennessee stake for 2:08 pacers re
ceived but fourteen nominations owing to
the j fast class fixed and the barring of
%£R? le $ Pacers." The starters will include
Will < Leyburn, 2:07%; Charley Hayt
2: - 071 ' 4: n X h , e Admiral, 2:07%; Major Muso
vite,,2:07%; Gambre, 2:08%; Elastic Point
er, the great Green Brother to Star Point
er; Richmond and Beausant, the sensa
tional pair that trialed last year as three
year-olds In 2:07. .. :, :¦ -
j The, other, veteran stakes received en
tries as » follows : • • . - ;
*v. Th ?L Blue Gr ass. 2:19 trotters, thirty:
the' Johnston,- 2:24 trotters, forty-two: the
West, 2:29 \ trotters, forty-four ; the V ken
tucky,. three-year-old trotters, nineteen;
the .: Lexington, ; two-year-old trotters
twenty-flYe; the .Wilson, 2:20 pacers, thlr-
¦ Nearly everj'- high class horse in Amer-
? ca k h £ s beenj-named in these , stakes, and
together with j^ie match - races between
thexhampion. The Abbott, and the game
cock,-Boralma,-for $30,000. and between
the champion stallion, Cresceus, 2:04 and
his rival, Charley. Herr, 2:07, for $7500, anS
the class purses - to : be opened in Septem
ber.^ the $120,000 ;• Lexington meeting will
furnish a great | occasion for the devotees
of the trotting sport. ¦ ;
Guardsmen Hold Shoot.
. ALAMEDA", . June 9.— Company G, N. G.
C, held Its ¦. regular monthly shoot "to
day at the High-street range, the scores
resulting as follows: . , *
Captain Wethern 39. - Lieutenant . Hinds
39,* Corooral McConnela 41, Corporal , Blake
39. • ; Private - • SDleser • 36, ¦- Sergeant ; N'aber
35, Sergeant . Anderson 35,^ Private - Crane
33, Private- Bailey 33, Private Martinez
33, • Private . Retig * 33, • > Private * • Lomax
32, Serjeant Reinhold 32. Private .Wulzen 30,
Sergeant Wessel 30, _ Private Cords 30, Private
Croll' 30, Private Crowley 30, Corporal • Schroe
der > 31. > Private Ruff . 29. , Corporal F. 'WV Foll>
rath : 29, ' Private ; W. . H. . Follrath 29. Private
Welsh 26. Private Doyle IS, 1 Private Parker 18.
Private • Comfort " 17.- Private ; Forster ' 16; Pri
vate Joost 16, •>. Corporal .- Matthels 23. Private
Mitchell 26. -
McCTJTCHZON' WINS ¦ THE CTTP.
SAN RAFAEL, June 9.— One of the most
exciting games of golf ever played on the
local links took place to-day on the San
Rafael Golf Club links, and as the result
E." J. McCutcheon won the Council's cud
for the third time, which , renders It his
property. McCutcheon won by a score of
one up, and defeated J. J. Crooks, who at
different stages of the ¦ contest played a
splendid game.
The course was over thirty-six holes, di
vided in four, rounds of nine holes each
In the first three rounds McCutcheon car
ried off the honors with a- score of 4 ui>
In the final round, however. Crooks pulled
up and won- ir by 3 up. The links were
crowded with interested spectators, who
keenly, enjoyed the contest. The Coun
cil's cup is a coveted trophy in golfdom.
It was won once by R. Gllman Brown.
. The Transylvania stake received twenty
subscriptions, and. while the list of start
ers to be named September 17 la more of a
mystery than usual, "owing to the large
proportion of nominators, hitherto ? un
known, the famous stake will undoubted
ly retain its position as the greatest an
nual trotting race of the all-aged division.
Among the probable starters -are: : Lady
Geraldine, 2 :lli4; Onward. Silver, 2:11%;
Idolta, 2:12; Decamer, - 2:14i/i; Henry S,
2:12%; Chestnut King, 2:12; Dolly Dillon,
2:m4; Susie J,. 2:17%; Volo,"' 2:16; Lady
Thisbe,2:16%; Laurel S, 2:15%; Lita W,
2:13%. : ¦¦¦ -;'¦¦¦: - •«# • . .
The 'Kentucky Futurity, for three-year
olds, has thirty-seven entries, 1 and 'With
such highly tried ones' as Walnut Hall,* a
two-year-old . Futurity winner; .the. $5000
Erirange,'' bought . by t General -Turner, at
the Daly sale; Hawthorne, winner of the
Stock Farm purse ; Admiral Dewey, son
of Bingen, 2:06%; and Nancy Hanks, 2:04;
Miss Olivia, 2:06%;. Great Spirit, by Prod
4gal, = out of Rachael, 2:03%:. Willie 5 Herr.
brother to Charley. Herr, 2:05; Mallse, Ash
LEXINGTON, Ky., June 9.— The stakes
for the twenty-ninth annual. meeting of
the Kentucky Breeders' Trotting*Associa
tion-here in October closed with a heavy
list' of entries, six hundred and "forty
eight horses, comprising 473 entries, hav
ing been received, an average of fifty to
each race. . " • . - * ";.:"•
. The assolation^ Is ; disappointed . at the
entry ;ln the McDowell stake, : a sweep
stakes for2:10 trotters. The defection of
the owners of York Boy (2:09%,),^ Lady.
Geraldine,". Idolta ;and Idra, kept the. list
down ; to twelve horses, which • will make
the race worth only $5400; V* -V ' ;\--«
"he : Louisville h prize,- for three-year
olds received " ; forty-six c entries, , Melton
and ;Aylwin .being two sensational two
year-olds now entered in the prize,- which
are not eligible to : the Futurity. •' >. y
-The Walnut . Hall: cup race* has forty
three entries, many of .which i have, been
tried ? in from -2:0014 ;to 2:12; such ¦ as .Wil-
The two-year-old division of the Futur
ity has i received 103 | entries, the largest
list ever, received 'by any one race. t .- ..
¦ Many of the youngsters are highly tried,
and the j majority ' are * of • royal - breeding;.,
such asrthe soeedy .Tod Bingen, 2:06%;
Fanellla? by," Arion, 2 :07%; - Bitter Root
farm's seven youngsters," by Prodigal, out
of Rachael, 2:08ii; 2:14^: Etta
Barron, trial, 2:10,- etc.; Mr. Lawson's fast
sister to Boralma, 2:08: Cheske. by Moko
(Ferenes' sire), . out . of Chestnut . Belle
(Mobel's dam),: and many others.* The as
sociation, is reaching, eastward, as' is'
shown by the entry of two colts in ; this
stake by Messrs.. Schuarte of Berlin. Ger
many. > • . . ¦-*, -s ¦
Wilkes, Jack Roche, Direct Light, Nellie
Roca and the great filly Mary. Leyburn,
the- Futurity winner, will be up to the
usual standard. - . ' »V - :
The birds . were liberated at 8 o'clock
this morning, .but lost seven minutes « in
the start.- • ' , ' • - .
Pacific Pigeon Club's Fly.
OAKLAND, June 9.— In the fifty-mile
young-bird race of the Pacific Pigeon
Club to-day : J. A. Rogers* entries were
the winners.' "W7 W.. White captured the
second prize, and B. ,T. McBain's birds
were third. The first five lofts' records
are as follows: - \ . —"
'J. A. Rogers" H.H. 1111. 51 miles 229 yards
arrived 9 :38. 91S.25 yards per minute - ,
W. W. White's H.H. 1176, 50 miles 1534 yards,
arrived 9:37:20, 917.47 yards per minute
B. T. McBain's H.H. 1007. 50 miles 727 yards,
arrived 9:39." 896.16 yards per minute
A. Mclntyre's H.iI.--105D. 50 miles "ll«0 yards,
arrived 9:10:30. "882.37 yards per minute f.
A. Lernhart's H.H. ; 1110, 62 miles 377 yards
arrived 10:12," 826.94 yards per minute.
INDIVIDUAL BATTING RECORD.
Probable Winners.
First Race— Marineuse. Abba L, La Gorta.
Second Race— Dollie Weithoflf, Decoy,. JIo
ringa.
Third Race— Huachuca, Shell Mount, Haln
ault.
Fourth Race— Prestidigitator, The Miller
Mission. - - <¦
Fifth Race — Horton, TVardman. Quibo.
Sixth Race— Cousin Carrie, Irate, Mamie HH
dreth. ' '
fiizth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
felling: •
2K7 Roundhead .... 9S 2566 Lilly Dlggs .. 9g
2562 Parsifal 100 2491 Lief - Prince ...103
2562 Cousin CarriclOS 2561 Mamie Hildr'h 98
2355 Irate 105 2«1 Scallywag 100
2511 David S 107 2527 Darlene 98
25J1 Oscar Tolle ...110 <25C9)Matilda O 105
Fifth Race— Mile and 50 yards; three-year
olds and up; selling:
<2558)Horton - 105 1 (2561) Sylvan Lass .103
<2553)Quibo 95j(2539)Wardn>an 95
Fourth Race — Six furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; Eelling:
1931 Sweet Caporal.107 (2323) Prestidigitator 109
2576 The Miller 109 2543 Alas 107
2575 Nullah 107 (256S)Odd Byes . 107
2355 Bogus Bill 103 2526 GUssando 109
2573 Mission 109 2375 Duckoy 109
Flr6t Race — Five furlongs; maiden three
year-olds and up; selling: \
.... Sir Dougal 117 -1557 Limb of Law..lO7
2559 Abba L 105 2572 Benator Matts.117
2566 Marineuse .....107 2542 Bonitary 105
2559 Rasp ..107 2530 Honor Bright.. .109
— Maratiae 107 2146 La Gorta 105
2542 Lindo.s Ill 2462 Onyx ..'. ...ill
Second Race — Six: furlongs; four- year-olds
and up; selling:
2560 Devereatix ....1C9I 2554 Monda 109
2573 Ciarando 107 2573 Beau Monde ..112
<2471)Moringa 103 2486 Decoy 109
2S36 Melkarth 109 2564 Mike Rice 109
2543 Forrnatus 10!) 2546 Dollle Welthon*107
2529 Casdale 109 2523 Tiburon 109
Third Race— Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; purse:
2563 You Tou 105 2563 Huachuca 113
2544 Halnault 110 2556 Shell Mount ..110
2556 Botany 110
ENTRIES FOR MONDAY'S •
EVENTS AT OAKLAND
Runnere Which Are Scheduled to
; Start in Races at the Track
Across the Bay.
Fly-Casting. Contests.
' At Stow Lake yesterday the re-entry
contests resulted as follows:
KEW YORK, June 9.— The feature of
the Vailsburg bicycle meet was the 10-mile
race for professionals, in which twenty
five men started. As special prizes were
offered to the leader at each mile the pace
was hot, and the spectators were on their
feet and shouting: during each mile. At
the bell for the last lap Floyd McFarland
sprinted, setting a terrific pace, and man
aged to hold the lead to the end. Wal
thour, Xewhouse and Kramer made des
perate attempts to catch McFarland and
at the tape only inches separated the rid
ers. McFarland's time was 23:48.
the Close and Holds the Lead
to the End.
3£cFarland Sets a Terrific Pace at
CALIFORNIAN WINS THE
VAILSBUSG BICYCLE RACE
OAKLAND, June 9.— The bicycle races
at Elmhurst to-day were well attended
,and good contests rewarded the specta
tors. The half-mile novice event was won
by C. Herrier, Simmons rode second and
-T. Ephriam third. The time was 1 min.
JO sec. One mile handicap — First, B.
Downing-, scratch; second, P. McDonald,
40 yards; third, A. Knox and H. Newson,
dead heat- Time, 2:28. The five-mile
match race between ' Jack Wing: of San
Jose and F. G. West, Bay City Wheel
men, was won by Wing. Time. 11:32.
Wing was very strong at the finish and
would have made better time with faster
pacing.
Bicycle Races at Elmliurst.
Moore, 3b ...".- 4 0 0 0 1 3 0
Lohman, c 3 0 0 0.4 0 0
Babbitt, p 4 2 2 0 0 2 0
Totals 34 2 8 2 27 12 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 1 0 0 110 0 0 0—3
Base hits 2 0 0 12 0 10 0-6
Oakland 0 0 10 0 10 0.0—9
Base hits 10110 2 12 0—8
Runs responsible for — Babbitt 3. - Home run —
Nordyke. Three-base hit— Babbitt. ' Two-base
hits— Hildebrand (2), Krug, Drennan. Sacri
fice hit— Moskiman. First base on errors— San
Francisco 2. Oakland 3. First base on called
balls — San Francisco 5, Oakland 1. Left on
bases — San Francisco 9, Oakland 7. Struck out
—By Evans 1, by Babbitt 2. Balk— By Evans.
Time of game— Two hours. Umpire— Tyler.
Official scorer— H. S. McFarlin.
Oakland 6, San Francisco 0.
The Dudes • were in their own bailiwick
yesterday morning and they treated the
natives to some real ball playing. Dren
nan, Streib and Moskiman had their bat
ting lamps trimmed and they hammered
Ham Iburg. In the first inning Oakland
landed on Ham's delivery for . five swat3
and in the following inning, secured two
more. It became necessary to put Heiney
Krug in the box in the fourth, as Iburg
was in danger of being annihilated. Krug
held the Beaus down to two hits and only
allowed- one man to walk. Five double
plays contributed to the excitement. Fol
lowing is the score: <
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hildebrand. If .4- 0 1 0 2 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 4 0 2 0 3 2 0
Krug, ss & p 4 0 2 0 0 2 0
Pabst, lb ...'. ..3 0 0 0 '8 0 1
Nordyke. rf & 3b 3 00' 0-2 1 0
Croll, cf 3 0 0 0 1 1 0
J. Itellly>3b &.«s... 3 0 0 0 3 12
Graham, c 3 0, 1 0 .3 2*1
Iburg, p ....•..' 1 0 0 0 0 2 0
McCarthy, rf 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Totals .....30 0.6 0 .24 11 ~4
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dunlevy, If 4 0 1.0-20 0
HIGH GLASS TROTTERS FROM AtL OVER THE UNITED
STATES ARE NAMED IN THE RICH KENTUCKY STAKES
thirty minutes. Umpire — Tyler. Official scorer
— H. S. McParlin.
LUCK FAVORS SACRAMENTO.
Los Angeles G-ets Only Three Buns
,in the Game.
SACRAMENTO, June* 9.— Sacramento
had a run of luck in the third inning to
day and -piled .up six runs, winning the
game from Los Ang.eles, which garnered
but three runs, one in the first, one in the
third and one Jn the fourth. The game
was Interesting from . start to finish and
was replete with long-hits, superbly-field
ed; and good, snappy play on both sides.
Reitz failed to put in an appearance, and
"Baby" Briseno was put on second to rep
resent him, but failed to bat. Jones, who
twirled for Los Angeles, put up good ball
tossing, and only allowed nine hits, but
the errors on the part of his field were
expensive. Stricklett. who pitched for the
home team, oniy allowed five hits, but he
was wild at times and walked four men.
Attendance 2000. The score :
- LOS, ANGELES. \
AB. R. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. c. f '.. 5 '. , 1 0 0-2 0 »0
Householder, ¦ r. f... 6 0" 1 '.O'y 1*1 1
Reilly, 3b 4 2 112. 2 1
Spies, C... 4 0 0 16 1 0
Hutchlnson,- lb...... 3, 0 2' 0 9 0 0
Briseno,- 2b 4 ¦ .0 0 0 0 3 1
Kelly, bs 3 0 0 1 1 1 .1
Bowman, 1. f 4 0 10 6 1 0
Jones, p.... 4 o 0.0 0: 8 0
Totals .......36 3 5 3 27 ' 12 4
SACRAMENTO..
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, ss ,.. 5 1 0 0 2 4 1
McLaughlin, 1. f.... 5 12*02 0 0
Courtney, 2b 4 1 3 0 13 0
Doyle, r. f ; 4 . .1 0 0 10 0
McGucken, c. f..... 3 /' 1 1 0 4 0 0
Hanlon, lb 4 0 0 0 13 10
Stricklett, ¦ p ...4 0 0 0 0 7 1
Sheehan, ,3b... '4 0 -3. 0 0 1-1
Carter, c 2 10; 0 4 .0 1
Totals ............35 6 9 0 27 16 4
RUNS AJSJD HITS BY INNINGS..
Lcs Angeles...... ...10 110 0 0 0 0—3
Base hits l l l 1- 0 <K1 0 0-5
Sacramento ....0 0-6 O-0'.O 0-0 0—6
people assembled at * Sixteenth and. Fol
som streets yesterday that mail handlers
could play baseball, but the attempt was
a failure. For ten innings the audience
watched the mail experts make frantic
swings with the bat at balls which came
occasionally over the plate. Occasionally
the ball and cat collided, much to the
surprise of the batters.
• Maurice Cashman was the hero of the
day. He swatted the ball "real hard" and
made the circuit of the bases. For this
display of ability he was presented with
a mammoth bouquet by Joe Wagner, •who
handles money orders for the soldiers at
the Presidio. ¦ ¦ i
"Pop" Asmussen, "Bob" Apple" and T.
J. Ford, - all of the "old world," were
spectators at the game and applauded
the players vigorously upon the least
provocation. . v
At the end of ten innings v the score
stood '29 to 29, with both teams ready to
quit, which they did forthwith..
Olympics Win at Baseball. '
The Olympic baseball team 'defeated
the F.Burhams yesterday afternoon by a
score of 32 to 12 on the "grounds at Ocean
View. The game was 1 "hotly contested
throughout, and one of the features was
the heavy hitting of Smith Pendergast.
Donlon'and Norton -acted as the battery
for -the Olympics, while Burns, Burke and
McNulty officiated in like capacity for the
F. Burhams.
* .. i « ¦ - .
Baseball on Eastern Diamonds.'
* _ .NATIONAL' LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI, June 9.— New. York broke the
season's batting record here to-day. The crowd
was the largest in years, and little room for
fielding was left. "With two men out in the
ninth inning the crowd grew tired of the game
and swarmed out in the field. The umpire then
gave the game to New Tork_by a score of 9 to
0. Attendance 17,000. Score:"
Clubs— . ' R. H. E.
Cincinnati .....13 18' .5
New York •...'.... 25 31 4
Batteries— Philips, Rusle, McFadden and Ber
gen; Phyle and Warner. Umpire— Emsjie. ,
CHICAGO, June, 9.— The Brooklyn won a
close but rather loosely played game to-day, the
errors on both sides being costly. "Waddell was
effective , in all | excepting the : opening inning,
but lost his own game in the fifth. Attendance
8500. Score: ,
Clubs— ¦ * "- , R. H. E.
Chicago .* 6 12 4
Brooklyn..'.; .7 10. 2
Batteries— Waddell and Kling; Hughes and
Farrell. Umpire — Dwyer.
The postoffice clerks and the mail car
riers endeavored to convince a number of
POSTAL EMPLOYES PLAY BALL.
Minor Games.
HEALDSBURG, July 9.-Healdsburg de
feated the "W. P. Fuller ball team to-day
by a score of 17 to 2.
SANTA CRUZ, June 9.— The opening
game . of the Central California- League
was played here this afternoon between
San Jose and Santa Cruz. It was won by
the home team. The^ score was 9 to 5.
HOLLISTER, June 9.— Hollister defeat
ed Maxwell to-day by a score of 14 to 7.
Batteries: Maxwells— McMenery. Lefe
vre, Callahan and Walters. Hollister—
Mills and Cahill.
WOODLAND, June 9.— Woodland main
tains its lead in the race for the pennant
in Northern California. The local team
won- on -the -home grounds to-day fTom
Orovllle by a score of 6 to 5.
Base hits.... 0 0 3 1 1 .1 1 0 2—9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Stricklett 1. Two-base
hits— ReSlly, Courtney, Sheehan. . Sacrifice hit-
Carter. , First base' on errors— Los Anseles 4,'
Sacramento 3. Left on bases— Los' Angeles 10,
Sacramento 5. Struck out — By Jones 4, by
Stricklett 3. Double plays^ — Bowman to Hutch
inson; Jones to Spies to . Hutchins'on: . Passed
ball— Carter. Time of i game— 1 hour and 45
minutes. Umnire— O'Connell. Official scorer-
Rutherford.
when the postoffice men
toyed With ball and baton
,THE DIAMOND. : -
San Franciso 3, Oakland 2.
•-r tt [LDEBRAND and Nordyke had
¦ | — — { I their batting eyes with them yes
1 I-. erday. -The former landed on
. 1/ Jl. Babbitt's shoots for two two
cushion swipes and a single and
Nordyke endeared himself to the. "fans"
by raising the ball over, the center field
fence for a home run; Unfortunately for
the Dutch, these- timely hi^s were made
when the bases ; were empty. Oakland
tried hard to overcome the lead, but could
only gettwo men over the rubber.
The game .was Tan exhibition of . good
baseball. Errors were few in number, and
those made were of judgment or difficult
chances. . '. ( , .
Umpire Tyler's life was made miserable.
The spectators found fault with his de
cisions, his walk and his form, but
despite all the unkind things said and
done the official bore it like a stoic, i
SAN FRANCISCO.
Dunleavy: received ' a 'bunch of pinks
from a fair admirer, and some people
were unkind enough to say that it was a
"Jonah.! 1 Moore played a great game at
third. Both Evans and Babbitt were ef
fective and received good support. Fol
lowing is the score: > : . • '
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hlldebrand, If .. 5 2.3-0 3. 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 4 0 0 0 2 5 1
Krug, ss 5 0 1 1 • 3 3 o
Pabst, lb 4 0 1 1 15 0 0
Nordyke. rf 3 1 1 ; 0 1 1 '- 0
Croll, cf 4 0 0 0 10 0
J. Reilly, 3b 3 0 0 2 1" 3 1
Graham, c 3 0 0 0 s 1 4 0
Kvans, p 4 0 0, 0 0.5 1
Totals ....35 3 6 i 27 21 3
OAKLAND.-
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dunleavy, If 5 0 0 0 2 0 0
D'rennan. cf 40 1 0 4 0 0
Streib. lb 4 0 3 0 11 0 0
Moskiman. rf 3 01 2 .0 0 0
Arrellanes, 2b 4 0 10 2 5 0
Francks, ss 3 0 0 0 3 2 2
Shooters turned out in force at Alameda
Point yesterday to attend the Empire's
monthly shoot A very interesting team
contest between twelve members of the
.Union and a like number from , the
Empire Club was held, and was won by
the former, which broke nine ¦: birds more
out of a total of 240 than the Empire
team. This was the first of a series of
three team, shoots to be held between
these two clubs. The . second Is sched
uled at Ingleside on Sunday, July 7.
The scores in the several events follow:
Club championship medal, 25 birds shot 'at—
Webb 23, Debenham 22, Swales 21, La. Motte 20,
Reed 20, Cullen 19, Ireland 19, Durst 19, Robin
son 19, Baird 18, Ju&ter 18, Hauer 17, Roman 16,
Allen 15. Fish 14, Lewis 6..
Webb was high man with 23 breaks
to his credti, and is also high for the
season in -.this event. The above scores
classified for the money match, and the
scores In the several classes for the $15
divided monthly by the club are given
below.
Twenty-five birds shot in fifteen singles
and five pair ¦ of doubles, distance handi
cap: ( >p'?.-£
First class— Debenham, 20 yards, broke 23;
Webb, 22 yards, 22; Swales, 18 yards. 20; Reed,
18 yards, 19; La Motte. 20 yards, 17. . . ..•
Second class — Ireland, 18 yards, broke 22;'
Hauer, 20 yards, 21; Dorst, 20 yards, 19; Cullen,
18 yards, 17; Juster, 18 yards,, 17; Baird, 18
yards, 14.
Third class— Fish, IS yards, broke 19; Roman,
18 yards, 16; Allen, 18 yards, 16.. .' V
Sweeney record medal — Continuous break,
miss and out match and for each five birds
broken the shooter is handicapped two : yards
until the twenty-yard mark is reached, when
doubles are * hot at under the original condi
tions. A. J. Webb distinguished himself in this
match by making a run of 19 straight.. This is
the higha3t score in this event for the season.
Webb 10. Jucter 4. Reed 6, Ireland 2. Fish 0,
Swales 4, Webb 15, Juster 2, Reed 2, Ireland 14,
Fish 0, Swales 3, La Motte 2, Hauer 4/ Roman
8, Swales 1, La Motte 1. La Motte 10, King 5 .
Ireland 0, Webb 19, Swales 9, Allen 4, Hauer 2,
King 0, F. Feudner 8, Hauer 5, Shields 8.
Shields 8. F. Feudner 6, Webb 4, Ireland 2, Je
vette 1, F. Feudner 6, Ireland 3,1 Shields 1.
On account of the many events i sched
uled for the day - it . was impossible - to
carry out the entire ¦ programme, and the
Yellowstone championship • match- was
postponed to the recular club shoot in
July. Only part of the entries in the
Schumacher handicap trophy were shot
through, and Allen was high- in the
e y e 5» t Ji°l th^ " day> " with ' 19 ' breaks out
of 20 birds 6hot at, and Hauer was sec
ond, with 15 to his credit.
Allen handicap,' gun— 20 birds shot In -10 pair
of doubles, distance handicap: Ireland . lfi
yards, broke 17; Cullen, 16 yards," 13; Allen 16
J', ard^: 1 . 10 V Swales ' 1S y ards . 13; Juster, 16 yards,
13; Debenham, 18 yards, 15. . V '
Empire Club Shoot.
field 226. H. Meyer 231, R. Stettin 278, H. Hell
berg 331. L. Brune 346. J. de Wit 356, L. Thier
bach 410, A. Mocker 427, G, Alners 437, F. P.
Schuster 538. W. C. Morken 699, W. Glindeman
745. J. Lankenau S34.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, rifle handi
cap—O. .Bremer, 205. 211, 213, 204. 214. 203; A.
Gehret, 225, 221, 223; D. W. McLaughlin, 222,
228, 225. Gold medal— C. M. Henderson, 211. 217;
J. Kullman, 193; M. F. Blasse, 184, 201/ 186; B.
Jonas, 205. 208, 207; J: F. Bridges, 216, 211. Sil
ver medal— H. B. Atzeroth, 134. 122. 182; W.
Khrenfort. 212. Pistol— W. F. Blasse. 84. 86.
78, 78. Revolver— J. E. .Gorman; 92, 92, 90, 89/ 95.
San Francifco Schuetzen Verein, monthly
medal shoot— Champion class, August Pape, 438;
first class. J. D. Heise, 429 ;• second class, TV.
Goetze, 385: third class, W. Morken, 378; fourth
class, . H. Meyers, 379 ; best first shot. J. D.
Heise, 25; best last shot, J. D. Heise, 24.
California Naval Militia, first division—Eu
gene F. Murphy 39, A. Lyce 29. F. Buckley 31.
A. Quinlan 41. A. Spoerer 31, F. Nickle 34, G.
Bard 32, G. Murphy 25. v.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
6hoot — First champion class. H. Huber, 226;
second champion class, H. Hellberg, 221: first
class F. Brandt, 210; second class. L. N.
Ritzau, 208, 202: third class, J. Beuttler, 202;
best first shot, J. E. Klein, 25; best last shot,
J. Utschiff. 24.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly
Good shooting was the order of the- day
with the clubs at Shell Mound yesterday,
but the Norddeutschers were the only rec
ord breakers. All previous performances
of the club as a whole. were eclipsed and,
the members feel elated ever their pros
pects at the coming festival. , Fifteen
prizes were given by the club and the last
one went to the maker of. a score of- 934.
Such shooting is new to Shell Mound, but
It is only an. index to the hot rivalry for
honors that Is animating-, all, the clubs. ¦
The Nationals were out in full force and
shot extremely welL- Chris Meyer of Bat
tery C made a clean score of -25, which
surpasses anything done in the National
Guard during the present year. . John D.
Heise of the San Francisco Schuetzen Ve
rein won the first class in the monthly
medal shoot of that organization for the
third consecutive time and now. will hold
the.meQal permanently. The other clubs
which took part were the Germania,
Schuetzen Club, Swiss Rifle Club, Inde
pendent Rifles, Golden Gate Rifle and Pis
tol Club, and First Division of the Naval
Militia. The scores are as follows:
Nationals. Batteries B and C, California Bat
talion of Artillery, rifle at 200 yards--C. Heine
man 3S. J. F. Norton 42. C. K. Sweeney 31. C.
F\ Waltham 45. Corporal .1. W. Cobby 43. R.
T. Kurpinsky 31. Sergeant W. W. Thompson
43. Sergeant P. F. Carson 41, Sergeant L. W.
Grant 42, C. K. Dabney 24. C. Lightner 15, L.
Barrieau 2», O. G. Garibaldi 8, G. L. Harvey
2S. H. H. Mitchell 42, Corporal H. J. Musgrave
40. E. K. Armstrong 36, Sergeant O. J. McDon
ald 40, J. F. Cook SO, Sergeant J. "W. Gailbralth
37. J. C. Odges 27, Corporal B. Hopkins 36.
Sergeant T. McGilvary 37, C. E. Goodell 40,
Sergeant F. J. Povey 35, L. Ewers 24, C. F.
Goodell 30. Lieutenant J. N. Ross 42. E. Fooker
3S. J. E. Flynn 34, R. D. Mclntosh .36. Ser
geant A. H. Kennedy 36, Sergeant W. F. Un
fred 36, C. Meyer 42. C. R. Grant 44, Corporal
S. H. Stewart 40, E. Groom 26, Corporal H.
Fawke 31. Lieutenant • J. J. Hyer 38, E. ' O.
Sueflohn 37. W. A. McQuiddy 37. T. G. Bantz
31, F. Hooper 20, Sergeant A. G. Hatfield 37,
H. Allari 28. Lieutenant P. J. Neumann 42.
Captain G. A. Petty 38, C. E. Thompson .36.
Nationals, Battery B, 500 yards— C. Heine
man S, W. W. Thompson 32, J. Norton 19. J.
W. Cobby 19, H. W. Mitchell 9, F. J. Povey
15, M. Grattan 26, A. S.. HatHeld 22, Lieuten
ant P. J. Neumann 20. Battery C— F. F. Car
son £1. L. W. Grant 20, C. Waltham 21. J. N.
Ross 16, C. E. Goodell 13. W. F. Unfred 16,
A. H. Kennedy 9, C. Meyer 25. H. J. Musgrave
20. T. McGilvary IS, R. D. Mclntosh 19. R.
Kurpinsky 14, B. F. Northrop 13.
Nationals, monthly trophy shoot at 200 yards
—Battery C: C. Waltham 45, Sergeant F. F.
Carson 41. Sergeant L. TV. Grant 42, Lieu
tenant J. N. Ross 42, Corporal H. J. Mus
grave 40. Sergeant C. McDonald 40, C. Meyer
42, Sergeant W. D. Grant 44, V. F. Northrop
42. Battery B— J. F. Norton 42 Corporal J.
W. Cobby 43, Sergeant W. W. Thompson 43.
H. TV. Mitchell 42, Sergeant J. W. Gailbraith
37. Lieutenant W. S. Grattan 42, S. H. Stew
ard 40. J. C. Roberts 37, Lieutenant P. J.
Neumann 42, Sergeant A. S. Hatfield 42, To
tals: Battery C, 41S; Battery B, 405.
Nationals, 300 yards— C. Heinemann 16, Ser
geant W. W. Thompson 17, J. F. Norton 17,
Corporal J. %V. Cobby 20. H. W. Mitchell 13.
Sergeant F. J. Povey 21, Sergeant A. S.
Hatfield 21. Lieutenant P. J. Neumann 21. Ser
geant L. W. Grant 16, Sergeant F. F. Carson
20. C. F- Waltham 21, Corporal H. J. Mus
grave 21. Sergeant T. McGilvary 19, R. T.
Kurpinsky 6. R. V. Mclntosh 18, Lieutenant
J. N. Ross 20, C. E. Goodell 20. Sergeant W.
D. Grant 15, Sergeant W. F. Unfred 8. Ser
geant A. H. Kennedy 20, Lieutenant i W. S.
Grattan 19; C. Meyer 20, V. F. Northrop 21,
Captain George J. Petty 7. .
Swiss Rifle Club monthly medal shoot —
Champion class: Al Gehret 426, O. Von Wyl
359, J. Leeman 377. First class— J. R. Hauser
376. J. Shelbli 322. Second class— A. Morrotti
358, P. Croce 306, F. Suter 279. Third class—
C. Bachman 347. J. Furrer 321, E. Suter 300.
Swiss Rifle Club monthly - bullseye - shoot —
The prizes were won in the- following order:
F. Suter, E. Suter, O. Morrltti, C. Bacala, J.
R. Hauser, C; Bachman. P. Crose, F. Baum
garten, F. Vautier. • J. Sheibli.
Independent Rifles monthly medal shoot — R.
V Either 42. J. Kuhlke 42. C. Cranz 30, F. H.
Laun 29, C. Herins 31. A. Wolfgram 23, H.
Marzoff, F. Schmidt 32. H. Frederlckson 29,
Captain O. F. Huber 33, H. Gaetjen 33. J.
Other Crack Organizations
Also Score Numerous
Bullseyes.
Norddeutscher Verein
Breaks Its Records
at Rifle Butts. '';
MANY MARKSMEN
AT SHELL MOUND
Amid the lusty cheers of encouragement
given by his fellow clubmen, and in fact
by all the cyclists who were present.
Burton Downing, the pride of the Garden
City Wheelmen, crossed the tape* yester
day morning on the San Leandro triangle
In what proved to be the fastest time ever
made in a twenty-five mile road race on
this coast. He completed the quarter of
a century ride In one hour, six minutes
and three seconds, or two minutes and
seventeen seconds faster than the pre
vious record, which was made on a course
S00 yards shorter than that which was
ridden over yesterday. The race, aside
from the remarkable time, was note
worthy because of its exceedingly excit
ing finish. In the bunch which Downing
led across the tinish there were at least
a dozen other riders, none of whom were
more than .a quarter of a second behind
the winner.
The occasion was the seventh annual
twenty-tive-mile handicap road race of
the California Associated Cyclist! The
contest, although scheduled to start at 10
o'clock, was about one hour late. The
contestants from the very start set a hot
pace, and for the first lap the scratch men
were unable to gain in the least on those
who had handicaps. In fact, with very
few exceptions the men maintained their
positions until the last lap. Then- the
scratch men and those who had strength
in reserve began their spurt.
Lea Inglis of the Olympic Club, with a
seven-minute handicap, finished first. He
was closely pressed by O. F. Lind, who
also had a seven-minute handicap, and by
C. Clifton with a five-minute handicap.
Scarcely had they crossed the line, how
ever, when the main bunch loomed up in
the distance. As they neared the tape
their wheels were so closely locked to
gether and they were traveling at such a
terrific pace that the judges could . not
distinguish the numbers of all the con
testants, and therefore some whose names
should appear among the ¦winners were
lost.
While rounding the turn on the Hay
wards road Lace Downing was. thrown
from his wheel and withdrew.
The following are the winners and their
net time:
cyclist breaks
A coast record.
Downing of Garden City-
Does Remarkable
Riding.
Annual Twenty - Five - Mile
Race Results in a
Close Finish.
a;, r. Curtis' young greyhound Rector
won first prize in the Class , Reserve stake
at Union Park yesterday, beating W. C.
Glasson's Dewdrop in, the course for final
honors.'.
To' see Rector's colors raised at the fin
ish of the stake was not what the ones
who keep posted had anticipated, not that
they figured him lacking in speed or clev
erness or that he was not. the eaual of
his opponents in a trial, but simply be
cause they thought him incapable of go
ing the whole distance of seven courses.
As the final pair was slipped Glasson's
[dog took the lead and.it looked a cer
j tainty that second place was awaiting
Rector as a* claimant. It was in the work,
however, that Rector showed to advan
tage, for when the kill was scored the
determined courser .was even sticks with
Dewdrop. In the run-off Rector's back
ers were not so hopeful and withheld the
odds they had offered. The dog proved
better than was expected and finished the
stake infirst place, score 6 to 2.
Dewdrop ran well throughout the stake
and won his courses without a point be
ing scored against him until the ¦ semi
final. In that trial against Young Game
Boy luck was with him and the favor of
the hare had much to' do with hoisting
the flag in his color. America and Ever
Sure performed well and reached good po
sitions. War Eagle, j the stake . favorite,
was put out by the ! ultimate winner in
the fifth round after a close go.
-Favorites held their own, nine upsets
being recorded in this event. 'Anchor beat
Bona Fide, Motto beat St. Ives, John Doe
beat The Grafter, at 2 to 1; Real Article
beat Narcissus, Ever Sure beat Brutus,
Rector beat War Eagle, at 5 to 3; Chicago
Boy beat • Lawrence, i Agamemnon beat
Mayflower and Echo beat Vulcan, at 5
to 4. . ¦ ¦ —
In the Puppy Stake E. M. Kellogg's
Modest Lad Won first money, beating P.
M. Curtis' Miss Pye in the deciding
course, 5 to 4.
' Royal Tick looked to have a chance for
the stake, but was a victim of coursing
luck -in going against a trained hare.
Charley Griswold had boxed up Old Ga
zabo, the pest that* gave the dogs such
severe work last season, and it fell to
the lot of Royal Tick to chase him. After
playing with the pair of youngsters for a
while, the educated jack distanced them
to the escape.
Four short ends landing showed that
the talent was not good in picking win
ners in this stake. Sir Pitt beat Royal
Archer at 2 to 1 and was beaten by Mod
est Lad at the same price. 'Miss Pye beat
Royal Dick at 5 to 2 and lost the final
with Modest Lad, when the odds were 5
to 4 on her chances.
The day's results with Judge John
Grace's official scores follow:
Class reserve stake, second round— P. M. Cur
tis" Echo beat Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara, 7-2;
A. R. Curtis' Vulcan beat James Connell's
Log Boy, 5-0; P. M. Curtis' Shadow beat A.
R. Curtis' Lord • Beaconsfield, 4-2;. P. M. Cur
tis' Anchor beat F. A. McComb's Bona Fide,
3-0; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat P. M.
Curtis' McKlnley, 3-0; E. Geary's America beat
E. M. Kellogg" s Frtsco Lad, 8-3; Pasha Ken
nels' Random 3 Aim , beat Aeneld . Kennels*
Achilles. 5-3;.. F. A. McComb's Motto beat
George Sharman's St." Ives, 7-2; Russell &
Allen's Daisy Clair beat J. Hurley's Hurricane,
6-2; P. M. Curtis' "War Eagle beat Star Ken
, nels' ¦ Fontenoy. 8-2; J. R_ McCarthy's ' John
Doe beat P. M. Curtis' Vagrant, 4-0; P. J.
Reilly's The Grafter, a bye; J. Cane's Green
hall beat W. C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells, 4-0; L.
M. Parkinson's Ben Lomond beat A. R. Cur
tis' Candelaria. 4-3; *A. ' R. Curtis' Rector beat
Russell & Allen's Rosle Clalr. 3-1; George
Sharman's Chicago Boy beat Pasha Kennels'
Laurence, 3-2; P. M. Curtis' Narcissus beat
J. Smith's Master Workman, 4-1; Pasha Ken
i nels' Real Article beat J. Smith's Boney Boy,
3-2; F. S. Price's Brutus beat P. Jackson's
Golden Russet. 8-5; D. Cahill's Ever Sure beat
D. Toland's Pleasant Girl, 4-1; W. C. Glas
son's Dewdrop beat L. F. Bartels' Best Bar
gain, 3-0; -Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face beat
Russell & Allen's First Foot, 4-1; Aeneid Ken
nels' Agamemnon beat Star Kennels' May
flower, 5-4; J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince beat
E. M. Kellogrg's Buck, 4-0; Star Kennels' Game
Boy beat F. Schou's Nora Lawrence, 5-2; Sterl
& Knowles' . Freeze Out beat Pasha Kennels'
Red Agate, 22-12.
Third round— Vulcan beat Echo, 5-2; Rural
Artist beat Shadow. 4-3; America- beat An
chor. 5-0; Motto beat Random Aim, 5-0; War
Eagle beat Daisy Clair, 4-2; John Doe beat
The Grafter, 5-0; Greenhall beat Ben Lomond.
4-0; Rector beat Chicago Boy. 6-2; Real Arti
cle beat Narcissus, 3-1; Ever Sure beat Bru
tus. 6-1: Dewdrop beat Fiery Face. 5-0: Tyrone
¦ Prince beat Agamemnon. '5-3; Game Boy beat
Freeze Out, 5-2. • v.*--.
Fourth, round— America beat Vulcan, 3-0; Ru
ral Artist beat Motto. 5-3; War Eagle beat
i.Tohn Doe, 5-1; Rector beat Greenhall, 6-2;
Ever -Sure beat Real Article. 4-3; Dewdrop
beat Tyrone Prince, 5-0; Game Boy a bye.
Fifth round— America beat Rural Artist ;
Rector beat AVar Eagle, 6-5; Game Boy beat
Ever Sure, 5-2; Dewdrop a bye.
Sixth round — Rector beat America. 5-0; Dew
drop beat- Game Boy. 5-3. • «
Deciding course — Rector beat. Dewdrop, 6-2.
Puppy -stake, second round— P. . M. Curtis'
Miss Pye beat E. Geary's .Ruby Sankey, 18-5;
J. Quinn's Royal Tick beat William Frantz's
Lassie- Frantz. 24-5; P. M.* Curtis' Sir Pitt
beat Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer. 6-4; E. M.
Kellogg's Modest Lad beat Aeneid Kennels'
Argus, 12-3. . • -....."
i Third round— Miss Pye beat Royal Tick, 8-2;
Modest Lad beat Sir Pitt. 13-5. -
Deciding course— Modest Lad beat Miss Pye,
5-4. ¦ , I
Beats "Dewdrop for First
Place in the Class
Event.
¦¦¦ "¦-.¦•'. ¦ — • -. ¦ -.
Honors in the Puppy, Division
Go to K ? ellogg's ; Modest
Lad.
RECTOR ANNEXES
PRESERVE STAKE
GUNMEN PEPPER TARGETS AND BLUEROCKS AND BALLPLAYERS SMASH WHIRLING SPHERES
TJbtIC SANe FRANCISCO , CALL, : MONDAY; JUNE >;• 10, 190 ii
Honors for the Day Between the Dudes and the Wasps Are
Oakland Secures an Easy Victory Across the
Bay and San Francisco oh the Local Diamond
HILDEBRAND AND NORDYKE PROVE
GREAT BATTERS IN AFTERNOON GAME
TEAM BATTING.
Official Scorer McFarlane of the Califor
nia Baseball League has compended an
interesting table, showing the averages
of the teams/ the standing of the indi
vidual players and, other interesting data,
which will undoubtedly interest the
"fans." Following is a table of the
achievements of the players since the be
ginning of the season:
Official Scorer's Compilation
of the "Work of the Nines
This Season.
Fielding and Batting Av
erages in California
, \ Baseball League.
TEAM FIELDING.
CATCHERS.
6
MORNING - GAME.
RIDER. Club. Hnd'cp |Xet Time.
Lea Ingles O.C.W. 7:00 1:12:00
C. F. Lind B.C.W. 7:00 1:12:00 1-2
C Clifton.. 5:00 1:12:00 2-5
E. A. Mitchell C. C.C. 7:00 1:12:00 3-5
B. Downing G.C.W. Scratch 1:06:03
W. Davidson B.C.W. Scratch 1:06:03 1-5
A. McDonald G.C.W. Scratch 1:06:03 2-5
Homer Lowe G.C.W. 2:00 1:07:33 3-5
Ed Wastie G.C.W. Scratch 1:06:03 4-5
H. D. Bean B.C.W. 2:30 1:08:04 1-5
George Wyman R.C.W. 2:00 1:08:04 2-5
E. Agras i Un. 1:30 l:0S:04 3-5
R. W. Emery O.C.W. 5:00 1:08:34 4-5
H. S. Xewsome R.C.W. 2:30 1:09:06 1-5
Robert Backrath C.C.W. 1:30 1:09:06 2-5
John Posch C.C.W. 1:30 1:09:07
Ephralm Juhl O.C.W. 2:30 1:08:13
Gus Segfried C. C. C. 2:30 1:08:19
Frank Carroll C. C. C. 4:30 1:10:40
H. E. Warren C. C. C. 3:00 1:09:11
C. Marty.. G.C.W. 2:30 1:08:04 2-5
W. Borree , 4:00 1:10:37
Will Moon G.C.W. 6:00 1:12:37
CONTESTANT.
¦B
93
100
74
99
M • Ev<
>i • e
2~ *>
5 ~ *C2
i'g U
S" : ' *
S7.8 91.4 .
80 88 .
78 S3.S
'.'.'.'.'.'. 'sili'
SI. 8 81
86 76
91.4 89 "
91.4 89
;nt Nc
'ellcac
SI.
I
a. 3.
y.
¦3
1-
3
Everett,">No. 1
Everett, No. 2.:....
Blade
Daverkosen
Grant
Turner, No. 1
Turner, No., 2
Young, No. 1....V.
Young, . No. 2
73.10
76.8
69.2
83.7
'82.4
62.11
m
ss
86^
ii'.'i
72.5
71.8
78.4
75.10
7s!io
76.9
74.4
83.10
82.5
a
9f ¦
. CLUB.
-°V "
9 y >i h *3
PC m -i e »
3 a 3 f 3
f J f ? o »
: : : • p «
• • : • a . o
. • • Z n •
. : : f : 8 i
1 Sacramento .. . 39 1052 4SS| 93)1633 .943
2 L.O3 Angeles 39 1071 4&4 94 1649 .942
3 San Francisco.......... 42 1029 37S 13111738 .925
4 Oakland 40 1093 557 147J1797 .918
. PLAYER.
° > 9 3 3
¦ § ~ 1 1 s i
» i s ? 2. -
: r : •' a £f
: i 1 : £¦ S
: ; : : jT g
5
a
1 ISpies :.... 39 209 52? 71 3 271.963
2 Stanley 33 164 361 2 8 210.952
3 (Lohman 34 149 52! lof 10 221 .910
4 I Graham 42 164| 46| 12| 9 231.903
sr 2io i i a s b n «
'I ¦ 1 1 I E = I I I =
:• • § a • ? .a | g s ~
: . • <« o § a = w =•
i P " Ym - Mil rpfi
- 1 : 1 = •: \%\ 3
: . •::"•: o : : :
: •••;•?•::
: : : : : • 3 : : :
• ¦ L i__i : zL ± a r 2
1 Doyle 10 5 .6661.846 8.S!2.4f#6 3.7 .3
2 Strtcklett 8 5 .6151.878 7.0I2.2J3.8 4.0 .3
3 Iburg 10 7 .588 .963 7.7 2.3 3.5 2.4 .2
4^-halen 8 6.572.934 7.3 1.8 3.3 3.1 .6
5 Babbitt 7 $ .538 .836 8.5 2.0 4.4 3.1 .5
6 Jones '. 8 7 .533 .SSO 7.811.9 2.7 3.7 .1
7 Hale 5 5 .500 .848 7.311.7 3.3 4.0 .«
8 SMosklman ... 6 8 .42S .940 7.8 1.913.0 2.0 .4
i 3 4.428.917 8.0 1.8|3.0 3.0 1.6
10 Evans 2 3.400.667 8.8 3.0 3.8 3.7 O.ft
11 Hartwell ...... 3 5 .375 .843 6.9 0.7 3.7 4.1 .5
12 Johnson 1 2.333.816 9.014.8 3.8 2.0| .«
13 Russell 1 4|. 200 .733 10. 6|4.5|5.4 2.211. S
7T
PLAYER.
is
! ill
EiflS
53*5
: |: I? :
rt
li
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
L4
Courtney .: 39 148133153 2 3 101 1| 61.333
iDoyle 39 155|23]o4 0 1 8 2 11 .343
Householder 39 164125152 4 2 9| 5| 41.317
Schwartz .......... 40 1S3 27 51 4 2f 9 4 8 .313
Hildebrand 38 160 25 47 0 0 4 2 8 .294
McLaughlin 39 166 30 4S 1 4 8 3 13 .289
Dunleavy 31105 20 39 12 5 4 7.275
Pabst 42 153 38 42 2 2 11 5 9.275
Kmg 42 178 36 48 3 1 11 1 9.270
Devereaux 39 136 37 43 2 0 8 2 20.26)
C. Rellly I.... 38 131 19 35 0 0 6 4 7 .267
Hanlon 139 162 26 43 3 3 10 4 12.233
Strelb 39 149 16 38 0 0 9 0 6.235
Stanley 35 12114 30 2 114 5 .2»S
Strlcklett 28 97 14 24 3 3 4 2 3 .247
Drennan 40 154 17 37 0 0 3 4 11 .24)
Hutchinson 35 134 23 32 2 1 5 3 5 .239
Brockhoft 36 144 26 34 0 0 6 0 10.236
Kelly 39 133 17 36 1 1 9 11 7 .235
S Graham*. 42 150 1133 10 4 3 8.233
JLohman 35 103 16 24 12 3 3 7.233
McGucken 33 147 19 33 0 0 6 4 3 .224
Francks 36 133 21 29 2 1 6 4 8 .21?
Arrellanes 40 1612134 2 5 4 0 4 .211
Nordyke 34 119 14 25 2 12 6 7 .219
Held- 26 81 10 17 1 0 3 2 2.209
Spies" .39 154 17 31 0 0 6 312.201
$ Bowman 39 137 5 37 0 16 6 9.197
JCroll 17 6110 12 1 0 S 0 2.197
Moaklman .......... 31 107 10 31 0| 3 2 2 2 .196
J. ReUly 40 149 11 23 10 4 3 1.183
Sheehan 39 146 20 27 0| 0 8 4 7.183
Babbitt :.... 27 74 12 13 Qf 1 0 4 6.17.1
Whalen 16 55 4 9 0 0 0 2 1.164
Evans 7 23 1 4 1 0 0 0 1 .160
Moore 38 138 7220 0(312 .1X»
Decker 81 28 1 4 0 01 0 0 0.154
SBrtseno 19 68 5110 0 0|2 1 2 .147
} Johnson Ill 34| 3 5 0 Oj 1 1 1 .147
Russell HI 281 2 4 01 0|,l 1 1 .147
Jones 171 571800132 .140
IHartwell ........... 91 34 2 4 0 0 0 0 01.108
Hburg - 1»1 58t 5 61 01 1 1 3 11.103
Thomas I 7 281 2[ 21 1| 0 0 0 2|.07l
Hale |12| 43| 1| 2[ 0| OJ 01 1 0|.047
16
L7
18
19
24 1
r.
26
til
!2l
u
12
(3
14
15
p ¦
3
PLATER.
, a y > m h tj
PC M -I O ."3
I S II S 2
* ~ f f 9 I
' • Z I I 3 »
1 • t o -
• • • . <B '
; ; • ¦ ;
1
2
3
4
5
1
2
3
4
5
1
2
3
4
1
2
3
4
First Basemen —
Decker 8 69 4 1 74 .9S 1 ;
Hutchinson 33 329 7 6 342.982
Streib 29 295 10 7 312 .97S
Hanlon ; 39 363 15 9 392 .977
Pabst 38 411 13 14 442 .96S
Second Basemen —
Courtney 33 99 94 8 201 .961
Briseno 19 41 52 4 97 .959
Schwartz- *. 38 67 109 14 190.923
Arrellanes 40 107 116 21 244 .914
Brockhoff 19 48 39 13 100 .873
Shortstops —
Kelly ?.. 39 85 144 20 249 .92<>
Krugf 42 132144 30 306.902
Devereaux 38 93 118 26 237 .890
Francks 36 93121 37 251.853
.Third Basemen —
J. Rellly 38 39 108 13 162.907
C. Rellly 38 59 98 17 174 .902
Sheehan 34 45 67 13 125.835
Moore 37 45 87 24 15S .846
Flelders^-
Bowman - 39 85 10 3 98 .9«9
Croll 17 31 0 1 32 .963
Stricklett 14 21 3 1| 25 .960
Held 32 39 1 21 48 .952
Dunleavy 35 45 9 3' 57 .947
JIcLaughlin 39 ' 84 11 6 101 .941
Streib 8 12 2 1 15 .933
Drennan 40 81 11 7 99 .929
Nordyke 24 37 8 4 49I.91S
Hildebrand 38 89 8 9 106 .915
McGucken ............. 33 69 5 7 81 .914
Householder 39 83 10 9 102 .913
Doyle ." 18 25 4 3 32 .90S
Moskiman 16 23 4 4 31 .87t
BrockhofC 17 31 -2 5 38.868
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
p
CLUB.
I
S
t I i
: f ?
1 Sacramento 39 1394 371 .266
2 San Francisco 43 1444 347 .240
3 Los Angeles 39 1340 33 .219
4 Oakland 40 1300 279 .215
a
9f ¦
. CLUB.
-°V "
9 y >i h *3
PC m -i e »
3 a 3 f 3
f J f ? o »
: : : • p «
• • : • a . o
. • • Z n •
. : : f : 8 i
1 Sacramento .. . 39 1052 4SS| 93)1633 .943
2 L.O3 Angeles 39 1071 4&4 94 1649 .942
3 San Francisco.......... 42 1029 37S 13111738 .925
4 Oakland 40 1093 557 147J1797 .918
. PLAYER.
° > 9 3 3
¦ § ~ 1 1 s i
» i s ? 2. -
: r : •' a £f
: i 1 : £¦ S
: ; : : jT g
5
a
1 ISpies :.... 39 209 52? 71 3 271.963
2 Stanley 33 164 361 2 8 210.952
3 (Lohman 34 149 52! lof 10 221 .910
4 I Graham 42 164| 46| 12| 9 231.903
sr 2io i i a s b n «
'I ¦ 1 1 I E = I I I =
:• • § a • ? .a | g s ~
: . • <« o § a = w =•
i P " Ym - Mil rpfi
- 1 : 1 = •: \%\ 3
: . •::"•: o : : :
: •••;•?•::
: : : : : • 3 : : :
• ¦ L i__i : zL ± a r 2
1 Doyle 10 5 .6661.846 8.S!2.4f#6 3.7 .3
2 Strtcklett 8 5 .6151.878 7.0I2.2J3.8 4.0 .3
3 Iburg 10 7 .588 .963 7.7 2.3 3.5 2.4 .2
4^-halen 8 6.572.934 7.3 1.8 3.3 3.1 .6
5 Babbitt 7 $ .538 .836 8.5 2.0 4.4 3.1 .5
6 Jones '. 8 7 .533 .SSO 7.811.9 2.7 3.7 .1
7 Hale 5 5 .500 .848 7.311.7 3.3 4.0 .«
8 SMosklman ... 6 8 .42S .940 7.8 1.913.0 2.0 .4
i 3 4.428.917 8.0 1.8|3.0 3.0 1.6
10 Evans 2 3.400.667 8.8 3.0 3.8 3.7 O.ft
11 Hartwell ...... 3 5 .375 .843 6.9 0.7 3.7 4.1 .5
12 Johnson 1 2.333.816 9.014.8 3.8 2.0| .«
13 Russell 1 4|. 200 .733 10. 6|4.5|5.4 2.211. S
CONTESTANT.
¦B
93
100
74
99
M • Ev<
>i • e
2~ *>
5 ~ *C2
i'g U
S" : ' *
S7.8 91.4 .
80 88 .
78 S3.S
'.'.'.'.'.'. 'sili'
SI. 8 81
86 76
91.4 89 "
91.4 89
;nt Nc
'ellcac
SI.
I
a. 3.
y.
¦3
1-
3
Everett,">No. 1
Everett, No. 2.:....
Blade
Daverkosen
Grant
Turner, No. 1
Turner, No., 2
Young, No. 1....V.
Young, . No. 2
73.10
76.8
69.2
83.7
'82.4
62.11
m
ss
86^
ii'.'i
72.5
71.8
78.4
75.10
7s!io
76.9
74.4
83.10
82.5
7T
PLAYER.
is
! ill
EiflS
53*5
: |: I? :
rt
li
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
L4
Courtney .: 39 148133153 2 3 101 1| 61.333
iDoyle 39 155|23]o4 0 1 8 2 11 .343
Householder 39 164125152 4 2 9| 5| 41.317
Schwartz .......... 40 1S3 27 51 4 2f 9 4 8 .313
Hildebrand 38 160 25 47 0 0 4 2 8 .294
McLaughlin 39 166 30 4S 1 4 8 3 13 .289
Dunleavy 31105 20 39 12 5 4 7.275
Pabst 42 153 38 42 2 2 11 5 9.275
Kmg 42 178 36 48 3 1 11 1 9.270
Devereaux 39 136 37 43 2 0 8 2 20.26)
C. Rellly I.... 38 131 19 35 0 0 6 4 7 .267
Hanlon 139 162 26 43 3 3 10 4 12.233
Strelb 39 149 16 38 0 0 9 0 6.235
Stanley 35 12114 30 2 114 5 .2»S
Strlcklett 28 97 14 24 3 3 4 2 3 .247
Drennan 40 154 17 37 0 0 3 4 11 .24)
Hutchinson 35 134 23 32 2 1 5 3 5 .239
Brockhoft 36 144 26 34 0 0 6 0 10.236
Kelly 39 133 17 36 1 1 9 11 7 .235
S Graham*. 42 150 1133 10 4 3 8.233
JLohman 35 103 16 24 12 3 3 7.233
McGucken 33 147 19 33 0 0 6 4 3 .224
Francks 36 133 21 29 2 1 6 4 8 .21?
Arrellanes 40 1612134 2 5 4 0 4 .211
Nordyke 34 119 14 25 2 12 6 7 .219
Held- 26 81 10 17 1 0 3 2 2.209
Spies" .39 154 17 31 0 0 6 312.201
$ Bowman 39 137 5 37 0 16 6 9.197
JCroll 17 6110 12 1 0 S 0 2.197
Moaklman .......... 31 107 10 31 0| 3 2 2 2 .196
J. ReUly 40 149 11 23 10 4 3 1.183
Sheehan 39 146 20 27 0| 0 8 4 7.183
Babbitt :.... 27 74 12 13 Qf 1 0 4 6.17.1
Whalen 16 55 4 9 0 0 0 2 1.164
Evans 7 23 1 4 1 0 0 0 1 .160
Moore 38 138 7220 0(312 .1X»
Decker 81 28 1 4 0 01 0 0 0.154
SBrtseno 19 68 5110 0 0|2 1 2 .147
} Johnson Ill 34| 3 5 0 Oj 1 1 1 .147
Russell HI 281 2 4 01 0|,l 1 1 .147
Jones 171 571800132 .140
IHartwell ........... 91 34 2 4 0 0 0 0 01.108
Hburg - 1»1 58t 5 61 01 1 1 3 11.103
Thomas I 7 281 2[ 21 1| 0 0 0 2|.07l
Hale |12| 43| 1| 2[ 0| OJ 01 1 0|.047
16
L7
18
19
24 1
r.
26
til
!2l
u
12
(3
14
15
RIDER. Club. Hnd'cp |Xet Time.
Lea Ingles O.C.W. 7:00 1:12:00
C. F. Lind B.C.W. 7:00 1:12:00 1-2
C Clifton.. 5:00 1:12:00 2-5
E. A. Mitchell C. C.C. 7:00 1:12:00 3-5
B. Downing G.C.W. Scratch 1:06:03
W. Davidson B.C.W. Scratch 1:06:03 1-5
A. McDonald G.C.W. Scratch 1:06:03 2-5
Homer Lowe G.C.W. 2:00 1:07:33 3-5
Ed Wastie G.C.W. Scratch 1:06:03 4-5
H. D. Bean B.C.W. 2:30 1:08:04 1-5
George Wyman R.C.W. 2:00 1:08:04 2-5
E. Agras i Un. 1:30 l:0S:04 3-5
R. W. Emery O.C.W. 5:00 1:08:34 4-5
H. S. Xewsome R.C.W. 2:30 1:09:06 1-5
Robert Backrath C.C.W. 1:30 1:09:06 2-5
John Posch C.C.W. 1:30 1:09:07
Ephralm Juhl O.C.W. 2:30 1:08:13
Gus Segfried C. C. C. 2:30 1:08:19
Frank Carroll C. C. C. 4:30 1:10:40
H. E. Warren C. C. C. 3:00 1:09:11
C. Marty.. G.C.W. 2:30 1:08:04 2-5
W. Borree , 4:00 1:10:37
Will Moon G.C.W. 6:00 1:12:37
p ¦
3
PLATER.
, a y > m h tj
PC M -I O ."3
I S II S 2
* ~ f f 9 I
' • Z I I 3 »
1 • t o -
• • • . <B '
; ; • ¦ ;
1
2
3
4
5
1
2
3
4
5
1
2
3
4
1
2
3
4
First Basemen —
Decker 8 69 4 1 74 .9S 1 ;
Hutchinson 33 329 7 6 342.982
Streib 29 295 10 7 312 .97S
Hanlon ; 39 363 15 9 392 .977
Pabst 38 411 13 14 442 .96S
Second Basemen —
Courtney 33 99 94 8 201 .961
Briseno 19 41 52 4 97 .959
Schwartz- *. 38 67 109 14 190.923
Arrellanes 40 107 116 21 244 .914
Brockhoff 19 48 39 13 100 .873
Shortstops —
Kelly ?.. 39 85 144 20 249 .92<>
Krugf 42 132144 30 306.902
Devereaux 38 93 118 26 237 .890
Francks 36 93121 37 251.853
.Third Basemen —
J. Rellly 38 39 108 13 162.907
C. Rellly 38 59 98 17 174 .902
Sheehan 34 45 67 13 125.835
Moore 37 45 87 24 15S .846
Flelders^-
Bowman - 39 85 10 3 98 .9«9
Croll 17 31 0 1 32 .963
Stricklett 14 21 3 1| 25 .960
Held 32 39 1 21 48 .952
Dunleavy 35 45 9 3' 57 .947
JIcLaughlin 39 ' 84 11 6 101 .941
Streib 8 12 2 1 15 .933
Drennan 40 81 11 7 99 .929
Nordyke 24 37 8 4 49I.91S
Hildebrand 38 89 8 9 106 .915
McGucken ............. 33 69 5 7 81 .914
Householder 39 83 10 9 102 .913
Doyle ." 18 25 4 3 32 .90S
Moskiman 16 23 4 4 31 .87t
BrockhofC 17 31 -2 5 38.868
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
p
CLUB.
I
S
t I i
: f ?
1 Sacramento 39 1394 371 .266
2 San Francisco 43 1444 347 .240
3 Los Angeles 39 1340 33 .219
4 Oakland 40 1300 279 .215THE COAST RECORD.
Temperature 7 a. m.. 63 degrees.
. That man < la generous * to a . fault who
never corrects it. ' „
Take a camera when you go for a va
cation or on a picnic. ' You will never
forget the trip if you have good plates
and films. Get your supplies from San
born, Vail & Co., and you will be sure
to have the best. • .
A .cable, received by the Merchants
Exchange yesterday says the American
four-masted bark Susquehanna arrived
at Manila last. Friday. She left Norfolk
on December 15 with a cargo of coal,
and "was ¦ so long making . the run thnt
Saturday the 3 underwriters offered 55
cent to reinsure her chances. . She was
safe in port, and ; there . was "easy"
money lying around, but no one picked
it up.- ,-.. -:r," : \ ¦ ¦-•¦•'- -.-'•-¦
The Susquehanna Is Safe.
Partly cloudy weather prevails over Washing
ton and Northeastern Oregon and scattering
sprinkles of rain are reported from these sec
tions; partly cloudy weather Is also reported
from Utah, ¦ Nevada and the southeastern por
tion of Northern California. | Elsewhere west of
the Rocky Mountains the weather is clear.
The pressure has risen slightly'" west of the
Rocky Mountains and fallen to the east of
them. An area of high pressure la central oft
the Washington coast, and the lowest pressure
is reported from .'Arizona , and Southeastern
California. . . •' - •
The. temperature has risen over Washington
and Oregon and remained nearly stationary in
other districts. "It ranges from three to ten
degrees below I the . normal over the jj Pacific
slope. ' - • , ' ¦•,.¦'
Conditions are favorable for fair weather and
slowly rising temperature Monday in Cali
fornia. .' ' * ¦• * : ¦ " . ...
Forecast made at. San Francisco 'for thirty
hours ending, midnight June 10: '
¦ Northern Calif ornia— Fair Monday ; »• light
northwest wind. . ¦ ,' v
I Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh west
wind. ' -" • ¦"¦
Nevada— Fair Monday; fresh northwest wind
, Utah— Fair Monday: .fresh "northwest wind.'"
Arizona— Fair Monday; light. southerly wind
•San Francisco - and vicinity— Fair; ; Monday
fresh-. northwest wind. '"-' . • ' ¦. .-
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND' GENERAL
FORECAST. ' .
John and Julie Schussler and I. W. and
Otrrie Goldman to Roman Catholic Arch
hishop of San Francisco (a religious corpora
tion solej, lot on NE corner of Fulton and
Kranklin streets. E 166:9 by N 120; $46,500.
John R«-i<i to James L. Wilson, lot on N
line cf Clay etrect, £1:2 W of Baker, \V 25 by
M 10S; $2*Xi.
William Jones < assignee «>stat«» of Arthur
O'Brien, Insolvent) to Hu Jones, lot on N line
«.f Hancock street, 205 W of Sanchez, W 25
l»y N 114; $200.
Fernando and Julia A. Kelson to Charles
KoBtering, lot on \V line of Noe street 175 N
of Eighteenth. X 25 by W J25; $1000.
fcimon and. Fannie Nordllrurer, Pauline
S"hoenbrrB, Henry and Lepold Morpenthau,
Rora and David Kline. Henrietta Newman
«n<I Louis Metzeer to Hulda Goldenson (wife
• if Marcus), lot on W line of Potrero avenue,
'•'1 N of Twenty-second street, X 25 by W 100:
Gerhard and Katharina Rodcnback to Alfred
Vuhrman, undivided 2-5 of lot on >.' line of
Ixjmbard street, 198:« W or PowelL W 30:8
by N I37:C; $20un.
Kstat^ of Jacob C. Johnson (by Anna K. John
son <ex«>cutr!x) to Sierra Investment Company
<a corporation), lot on SE line of Market
fctre*t. CO SW of Flr»t. SW CO by SE 88; also
lot on SE line of Market street, 120 SW of
rirrt, SW 40 by SE SO; S1S5.000.
Minnie an4 M. D. Brown- «t al. to panic,
came (2 pieces): $5.
Awl Vlffnier (as executor and trustee) and
HEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
Apollo Lodge of the Independent Order
of Odd Fellows has elected the following
officers for the ensuing term: F. V. Cox,
noble grand: W. H. Gibson, vice grand;
W. F. Norcross. recording secretary; v'
C. Post, financial secretary; Jacob Glass
man, treasurer. Charles E. .Perry will be
come the Junior past noble grand.
Eureka *I>odge of the Knights of
Pythias has elected the following named
as its officers: John Goodman, C. C ¦ Fred
O. Raabe. V. C; James Healing, K*'of R
and S.; E. 8. Belknap. F. sf; Charles
Oman, M. E.; Fred Krohn, M. A.; J w
E. Beattfe, P.; Andrew Larsen, M w*
H. Solomon, I. G.; Henry Rampe 6 G*
E. J. Wilson, trustee; Nathan Rogers'
organist. - •. . •
Court Seal Rock of the " Foresters of
Amcria has elected Ernest W. Jakohs r
R. f J. R. Releigh S. C. R.. J. H. wnin
R. S., Joseph Gallagher S. W., Simon
Carlson J. W.. H. Lange S. B., Ed Bur
rows J. B.. Herman Van Dleken and John
Cuaanovich. trustees. .
Fraternal Elections.
The match played yesterday on the Ala
meda grounds between the Santa Cruz
and Alameda cricket teams resulted in an
easy, victory , for the home eleven. The
game was won by the ample margin of
129 runs, with flve wickets to spare. The
most notable inning of the day was j that
of B. Bird,, who compiledxthe handsome
total of 111 runs. ,: J. J. Moriarty made ' 62,
and. with five wickets down the -inning
was called, the score standing at. 202. E.
Ward.. A. S. "Willis, W. J. Rlchter and J;
Brown did not bat, and P. Stahl and W.
G. Fortmann . were not out. Of 'the five
Alameda wickets that fell Ritchie took
two. while Cookson, Dickson and-Bowley
captured one apiece. The only Santa Cruz
men who made any .stand against the Ala
meda bowling were A. G. Sheath i 27, "A;
JenkinB 13 and J. Dickgon 12. The visitors'
innings closed for. 73. Ward Jr. took four
wickets. Croll, Fortmann and Bird captur
ing two. each..:- "All were taken at a cost
of between live and six runs per wicket.
Cricket in Alameda.
Spectators were treated to excellent
sport at the Ingleside shooting grounds
yesterday afternoon. There were two
main events and several practice con
tests, both live-bird and bluerock.
The bluerock contest of the San Fran
cisco Gun Club proved to be one of the
main attractions. It was a pool shoot
and there were twelve participants
Twenty-five glass balls were thrown for
each shooter and the score resulted as
follows:
W. C. Murdock 23. W. J. Golcher 17, A M.
Shields 13, F. W. King 22. J. J. Swe4ney 11
C. A. Haight 21, A. L. Wills 15, Dr A T*
Derby 17. J. N. Karney 21. F. W. King (back
score) 20. E. Kerrison 21 and II. S. Feudner 23.
The live-bird shoot of the Olympic Gun
Club was the next event of importance
and afforded rare sport. Fifteen birds
were liberated for eacn contestant and
in several Instances all were killed or
winged. At the conclusion of the contest
the score stood as follows:
Golcher 14, Slade 15, Shields 13. Shaw 15
Hosmer 12. Johnson 12. Dr. Derby 11. Swernev
14, Well 10, Halght 14, G. Letch 12, M. Ungh
12, A. Roos 15, O, Feudner 15, Shaw (back
score) 13.
TEAP-SHOOTINQ AT INGLESIDE.
Mary C. de Reynier (as executrix and trustee
estate of Francis T. Eisen) to same, lot on
NW line of Stevenson street, 60 SW of First,
S\V 100 by NW 75; $60,000.
Mary de Reynier (wife of Eugene) and Ade
laide and Augustine C. Eisen to same, same,
quitclaim deed; |10.
H. S. Crocker to same, same, quitclaim deed;
$5.
Edward Fers-uson to Kate Stanton (wife of
Edward), lot on W line of Whitney street. 275
N of Randall. N 25 by W 125, block 26, Fair
mount Tract; $1500.
Builders' Contracts.
Amelia Harris (wife of Edward 1 * (owner)
with S. B. Kress (contractor and architect)—
All work for a two-story frame building on E
line of Webster street, 125 S of Filbert, S 25
by E 137:6; $2350.
Leon Frapk (owner) with same contractor
and architect — All work for same style of
building' on E line of Webster street, 50 S of
Filbert. S 25 by E 100: $2550.
Richard Kweasey (owner) with MeCullough
Contracting Company (a. corporation) (con
tractors), architect James A. McCuIlough — All
work for a 2-story frame building with brick
or concrete foundations (2 flats) on lot on SE
corner cf Portola (Daisy) and Waller streets.
and distant therefrom 90 feet southerly along
the E line of Portola. thence E 90, S 26. W 90,
N 26, lot 8, block 1. Marion Tract; $4550.
Phebe A. Hearst ( owner) (by attorney) with
A. Howkins (contractor), architect Frank S.
Van Trees— Tearing down and removal of old
building and all work except steam heating
and ventilating system and painting, etc. for
a three-story brick building on N line of
Union street. 137:6 E of Stockton, W 51:45i by
X 137:G; $20,000.
Same owner, with J. G. Grannls & Co. i'con
tractors), architect same— Steam heating and
ventlating system for same on same; $2535.
Same owner with J. H. Keefn (contractor),
architect same— Exterior and Interior painting
for same on same; $1123.
Anna Louise Bauer fowner) with E. T. Leit
er (contractor), architect Edgar A. Mathews —
All work for a two-story basement and attic
frame dwelling on the N line of Pacific street.
137:6 W of Steiner. N 127:8Vi by W 32:3; $10,157.
Mrs. Marxaret Donohue (owner) with Will
lam Hcrstmeyer & Co. (contractors), archi
tects Salfleld & Kohlbei-y— All work for a two
story frame store and flat building on NE line
of Juniper street, 250 SE of Harrison, SE 25 by
XB H: $3500..
Sparks from a chimney yesterday after
noon set fire to the roof of a three-story
frame building at the southeast corner
of Golden Gate avenue and Polk street.
The entire roof and a portion of the top
story were destroyed, the damage being
estimated at $1000. The building is owned
by May Mackinwich and occupied by J.
Deckin as a lodging-house.
Sparks From Chimney Cause Fire.
President Loubet at Racecourse.
PARIS, June 9.— The grand Steeplechase
de Paris, four miles and a half, was won
by Calabrais, with Caraman second and
Vlau third. President Loubet was en
thusiastically cheered on his arrival at
the racecourse and on his departure.
Water Front Notes.
The harbor police want an owner for
an eighteen-foot boat found under the
transport wharf. Captain Dunlevy 13
Of the opinion that the craft was stolen
on the Oakland side and abandoned here
when the thieves had no more use for
it. . It is painted white, wi< h ;i ! greon
stripe on the gunwales, and looks like a
tishir.sr-boat.
The little schooner ' Challenge started
for Nome yesterday. Half a dozen ad
venturous" gold hunters are going to
make the voyage in her. On getting out
side yesterday the wind proved too much
for the craft, and they had to put into
Drakes Bay. The Challenge was for
merly the sloop yacht Volunteer.
The mall steamship Ventura will be
due to-day from Sydney, N. S.-W., via
Auckland, Pago Pago, Samoa and Hon
olulu.
, The collier Mackinaw was not expected
from Seattle until to-day, but the-north
werter brought her, in yesterday after
ncoii. "* . ¦ t ¦ ..
Captain Driscoll, who for years has
been ' master of • the Pacific Mail Com
pany's tug Millen Griffiths, has resigned
his command and is going south to take
charge of the excursion steamer running
between San Pedro and Catalina.
Native Sons' Memorial Day.
A meeting of Native Sons was held last
nighV to take steps to observe Native
Sons' memorial day on. the 30th inst. R.
P. Troy was elected chairman and Charles
A. Boldemann secretary. The following
named were appointed a committee 'to
prepare a memorial' service and to report
next Friday: ' Charles A. Boldemann : of
California' Parlor, Bruce Cornwall . of
Stanford Parlor, J.'H. Roxburgh of Hes
perian Parlor, S. J. Haas " of. Brooklyn
Parlor and W. H. Harrison of Rincon
Parlor. . *
.It is proposed that each parlor shall
place flowers on the graves of its deceased
members and have all parlors take part
In. a memorial service in Native Sons'
Hall. ¦ Messrs. ' Cornwall, Nunan, Mul
crevey, Transue, Miller, Nelson, Wood,
Kansiesser, Kranler and Maher were ap
pointed a- committee to decorate the
graves of deceased brothers from interior
parlors whose remains are buried here. ',
At the San Francisco handball courts
yesterday; the following \ games were
played: ' . ¦ . .
M. McNeil and W. - Russell.. ........... 21,21 21
C. Jeide and H. Voss ; 17 :20 15
C. Smith and P. Munz...... 21 15 21 21
A. Tavares and J. Schaffer... 11 21 16 13
G. McDonald and M. McLeod.. 21 21 12 10 21
P. Mclntyre and P. McKinnon.. 13 18 21 21 19
T. McManus and J. McNamara 21 20 21
.W. Cummings and J. Manning- 19 21 16
j. R. Bockman and L. Water- '
man 21 19 21 17 21
.E. Lynch and N. Berger. :...... 17 21 14 21 16
M. Basch and M. Joyce..:.!..... 21' 13 21 15 21
G. B. Hay ward and W. H. Sle
berst • 10 21 14*21 17
J. KilHon and B. White '....21 21 21
T. Serres and A. Whiteman 14 17 13
TOURNAMENT GAMES.
"W. "Walsh, second class...'. 51 aces
\V. ' Stansbury. second class 33 aces
W. Magulre, first class.................... 61 aces
J. Rlordon. first class....:...". ;. 28 aces
Handball Games.
. OAKLAND, June 9.— George Wilson, an
aged gardener, who fractured his spine'
two weeks ago by a fall, died at noon to
day at the Receiving Hospital. Deceased
was 65 years of age. The Coroner took
charge of the case.
Death Conies From a Fall.
Republican . Club Organized.
The electors in the Thirty-sixth Assem
bly District met Saturday . evening at
Twin Peaks Hall for the purpose of or
ganizing a Republican Club. The meet
ing was called to order by Chairman
James A. Barber, who announced that the
Republicans of the district would make
an active fight during the next campaign.
A committee to report a plan of organiza
tion was appointed as follows:
James A. Barber (chairman), R. A. Miller,
Robert Ash, Hamilton RlKgins. J. B. Ma
honey, M. F. Taylor, Frank Ryan, W. Leon
ard, I. P. Kalncaid, R. C. Clark, M. Kirby,
J. Curlett, F. R. Nevlll. Joseph Nyland, Jo
seph Elliott, "W. C. Coles, Joseph Sneerln. W.
C. Johnson, M. Gilfoyle, M. Clark, W. Den
nis, A. B. Mahoney and M. W. Llttlefleld.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 9—5 p. m.
The following ! maximum ! temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 56; Mount Tamalpals, 58; Independ
ence, 78; Red Bluff. 78; Fresno, 80; Los An
geles, 70; Sacramento, 74; San Luis Obispo, 64;
San Diego, 64. ,
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum. 48; mean, 64. . .
The combination has been effected with
great care and promises to be most har
monious in its workings.
Mr. Tyson will be assisted by Mr. Fol
ger, a man of much experience and con
siderable reputation in the Insurance busi
ness.
Mr. Milligan of the Phoenix Company
and Mr. Crosby, president of the New
Hampshire Company, have been in this
city for the last week, arranging the con
solidation.
He Is now in entire charge of the Pacific
departments of these companies, which
embrace not only the territory west of
the Rockies, but also the Hawaiian Isl
ands. Mr. Tyson has been in this section
of the country for twenty-one years and
has long been one of the foremost under
writers on the coast.
An important change in insurance cir
cles has been made recently, by which
George H. Tysan, well known through his
connection with the German-American In
surance Association and the German Alli
ance Insurance Association, "becomes also
general agent for the Phoenix and New
Hampshire' Insurance companies.
idate Under Geo. H. Tyson.
ing Insurance Companies Consol-
board. Policemen O'Grady, Bode, O'Con
nor, Hall and Corporal Cockrill will be
retired with Captain Gillin. O'Grady has
been unable to do police duty since Chief
Sullivan took charge of the department.
Bode has been pick a long time and it is
feared his case is hopeless. It is authori
tatively said that two of Captain Sey
mour's men are. also to be retired, but
who they are Chief Sullivan refuses to
say at the present time.
IMPORTANT CHANGES MADE ¦
IN INSURANCE CIRCLES
Pacific Coast Agencies of Four Lead-
SAN RAFAEL, June 9.— The annual bar
becue and picnic of the , Journeymen
Butchers', Protective and Benevolent As
sociation of San Francisco was held to
day at Schuetzen Park. The weather was
fine, a large crowd attended and the
butchers had a good time. A band fur
nished the music and the merry-makers
danced the hours away. The members
in charge of the picnic were: Reception
committee— B. Davis, B. Oswald, H. Cock
rell, H. Nay, L. Noonan and C. Pachner;
floor committee^ — A. O. Reilly, F. O'Brien
and C. . Archibald.
Butchers at Schuetzen Park.
SAN RAFAEL, June 9.- What came
near proving a fatal accident occurred on
the East Side ball grounds here to-day. A
game of baseball was being played be
tween the Nobles of San Francisco and
the* local team. Louis Schroeder of the
San Rafaels was on third base and started
to come In. "When nearing the plate he
collided with Catcher Charles Petersen of
the Nobles and the two fell to the ground.
Their heads had met, and as a result both
were rendered senseless for nearly half an
hour, and medical aid had to be sum
moned. Twelve stitches were taken in Pe
tersen's head and eight in Schroeder's
Both men afterward were able to so to
their homes.
of Physicians.
PLAYERS OF BASEBALL
IN TERRIFIC COLLISION
Two Men Rendered Unconscious in
San Rafael and Require Aid
Supreme President Frank J. Kierce.
with other supreme and grand officers of
the Young. Men's Institute, are expected
to be in attendance at the installation
ceremonies of the Junior Council on, the
evening of June 13.
Henry Scholten. Thomas Casey, Edwin Rog
ers, Raphael Robles,* Felix Mores!, Earl Mead,
"Wallace McKlnnon, Paul Dufour, Peter Dan
iels. John Bennett. Roger Gulslain, Thomas
Boarman, Francis Maslin. Edwin Lewis Ed
mund Heritage, George Mockel. William Hut
ton. Charles Foster, Charles Dryden, Emmet
Dunlavy, Frank Daly, Frank Bruzzone. Joseph
Lonegan, John Healy. J. Bralan. Richard Lane.
Frank Short, Basil Rose, Arthur Rogers, Frank
Wlllard, OUie O'Brien. Bert Mofflt.
corresponding secretary, Ray Christianer; rec
ording secretary, Edward Silver; financial sec
retary, Columbus Bartlett: treasurer, Alfred
Durney; marshal, James Hlckey; Inside senti
nel, John Croll; outside sentinel," James Kind
len; executive, committee— Ray Jones, Arthur
McDonald, George Sealey.
Among those who have signed the char
ter roll are:
"Well-Known Heavy-Weight Boxer
Returns After an Absence in the
East of Six Months.
Jack Root of Chicago, who is matched
to box twenty rounds with "Kid" Carter
before the Twentieth Century Club on the
28th inst., arrived in this city yesterday.
Had It not been Sunday he would have
gone to Croll's Gardens, Alameda, and
began training for the contest. He will
begin light work to-day. Hank Griffin,
Joe Kennedy or some other local heavy
weight will work with him.
Root says he was never in better health.
He has not been in the ring since his last
appearance In this city, when he handily
defeated George Byers, th'e colored pu
gilist.
Al Smith la looking after Root's inter
ests.
Jack Moffatt .and his manager,' Sam
Pooler, and George Gardner also arrived
yesterday. Moffatt and Gardner are
scheduled to fight for the middle-weight
championship before the San Francisco
Athletic Club in July. Moffatt will train
at the Seal Rock House and Gardner at
Blanken's resort.
JACK BOOT COMES HERE
TO FIGHT "KID" CARTER
THE Police Commissioners have de
cided to place Captain James W.
Gillin on the retired list. For about
five years Captain Gillin, who is
one of the most popular members
of the Police Department, has been in
charge of the Miss'on district. Some time
ago he became incapacitated from duty,
due to a severe injury to the kneecap re
ceived while raiding a Chinese gambling
joint. At first he paid little attention to
the injury, but as it grew worse he con
sulted a specialist, who advised him to
submit to an operation. Since the opera
tion the unfortunate officer has been con
fined to his bed, practically unable to
move. Several months ago his relatives
had him removed to St. Mary's Hospital,
where another operation was performed,
but without benefiting the invalid. To
complicate matters rheumatism set in,
adding to his suffering.
From the hospital Captain Gillin was
taken to some hot springs in the northern
part of the State, as it was thought that
the change might do. him some good.
Since then his condition, if -anything, has
become worse.
Realizing that Captain Gillin will never
again be able to do police duty, the Com
missioners have decided to retire him on
a pension at the July meeting of the
PRESIDENT OF THE JUNIOR
COUNCIL OF YOUNG MEN'S
INSTITUTE.
The members have been at hard prac
tice for several wee* , and after a care
ful survey of the strength of the respec
tive teams the judges have fixed a handi
cap that is very satisfactory. .
There will be 110 games played. Three
games a night are scheduled. The con
testants and handicaps are as follows::
Jellett and Jellett. scratch: Williamson
and Mahoney, scratch; Duncan and Vane.
8; Allen and Collins. 8: Slavish and
Chloupek. 12; Creely and White. 15; Beebo
and Ryder, 16; Hanifin and Deane, 18;
Makins and Brock, IS: Whitney and Car
roll, 20, and Ward and Stewart, 2u.
¦ OAKLAND, June 9.— A handball tour
nament will be opened to-morrow even
ing at the Reliance Club. The lovers of
that athletic sport are taking a warm
interest In the contests. Eleven teams
have entered for the tourney, and amons:
the twenty-two contestants are some of
the star handball players of the club.
at the Courts With Eleven. Sets
of Players.
TTft-NTTvnAT.T. CONTESTS
AT RELIANCE CLTJ3
Tournament Opens Monday Evening
MUNCIE, Ind., June 9.— Local officers of
the labor assembly, which controls three
fourths of the window glass blowers In
the United States, announced to-night
that there will be a resumption of all fac
tories about September 15.
Preparing to Resume Work.
Steamships from the south are maklner
slow time, while these from the north
are coming in before they are expected.
The Crescent City and Columbia were not
looked for until yesterday morning, but
sundown Saturday night saw them, pass
ing in. In the other direction the City
of Para from Panama, Queen from San
Diego, Bonita from San Pedro and
Gypsy from Santa Cruz were all looked
for early yesterday, and at sundown none
of them had showed up. It Is all due
to the nor'wester that has now been
blowing for a week. Yesterday It waa
piping at the rate of fifty miles an hour
off shore, and that means slow time for
any steamer that has to "buck it'*--
The British steamship Strathgyle got
in during the 'day from Hongkong via
Honolulu and San Diego. She brought
one cabin passenger and seven Chinese.
After leaving Yokohama quite a number
of stowaways, among whom were three
women, were found. To prevent them
from escaping they were put in Irons at
Honolulu. At San Diego they were land
ed and placed In confinement. They will
be kept there until the steamer Is on her
way back to Japan, when they will bo
sent home. The Strathgyle brings a
very valuable cargo for this port.
A Stiff Nor'-wester Blowing.
on Thursday, July 4, will close on July 1.
The events promise a day's good sport.
Following are the events:
Three-sixteenths of a mile— Polo ponies;
minimum weight, 165.
Quarter of a mile — Any pony under 14.2;
minimum weight, 165.
Hundred yards around stake— Ponies under
14.2; catch weights.
Half a mile— Draw lots for mounts; catch
weights.
Two and a quarter miles, relay race — Teams
to consist of three men and three ponies; each
rider to ride three-quarters of a i mile. Each
rider of winning team receives a trophy.
Three-quarters of a mile— For horses owned
and ridden by residents of San Mateo; must
have been used for saddle purposes; race
horses barred. For cash prize of J20 offered
by Mr. Hobart.
Quarter of a mile — Polo ponies.
Three-quarters of a mile— Race ponies.
An appropriate cup will be awarded the
winner in each race. T. A. Driscoll, Ma
jor J. L. Rathbone, R. M. Tobin, P. P.
Eyre and F. J. Carolan will act as stew
ards. , -
POIX) CIjUB JWTLI. HOLD.
RACES ON HOBART'S TBACK
Eight Events Are Arranged for
the Meeing of July
Fourth.
Entries for the pony races to be given
by the polo club on Walter Hobart's track
ALAMEDA, June 9.— The prelim
inary details for the organization
of the first Junior Council of the
Young Men's Institute on the
Pacific "Coast have been com
pleted. The charter _ roll has been
signed by nearly 100 boys from 14
to 17 years of age, and there will
be, it is expected, many more signatures
before the formal institution of the coun
cil, which will take place June 13 at St.
Joseph's Hall.
Rev. T. J. CConhell, assistant rector of
St. Joseph's Church, chaplain of Califor
nia Council No. 24, is the organizer of the
original junior branch of the order on
the west side of the Rocky Mountains.
His efforts to further a fraternal spirit
among the youths of his parish are being
accorded the support of Supreme Presi
dent Frank J. Kierce of the Young Men's
Institute and- of L. E. Mahan; the grand
president of the Pacific Coast jurisdiction.
Since it was announced that a junior
rank council of the Y. M. I. was beins
formed in Alameda members of the senior
rank in other places -have given the move
ment considerable thought and other
junior councils, it. is believed, win- be
formed elsewhere.
The object of the junior rank of the Y.
M. I. is to advance the moral, social in
tellectual and physical condition of its
members and to equip them to join the
senior rank. Literary and athletic affairs
will receive much attention from the boys
of the local council. A library will be es
tablished, baseball and other - outdoor
sport teams organized, and in the near
future a gymnasium will be fitted up.
Business meetings will be held twice a
month. The. initiation fee has been fixed
at 50 cents and the monthly dues at 15
cents.' The officers ' of the new junior
council are:
'Chaplain. Rev. T. J. CyConnell; president,
Bert Christianer; first vice president, 'William
McStay; second vice president, John Hlckey;
MERTES ESCAPES
AWFUL DEATH
Flash From a "Short Circuit"
Ignites Can of Inflamma^ ¦
ble Fluid.
Dynamo Cleaner Is Badly
Burned in Gasoline - i
Explosion.
The injured workman was the victim of
a double accident, the combination being
so peculiar that It created much excite
ment at the works. Mertes was cleaning
a largo 200-k. w. dynamo, which was In
operation. As he was standing over the
machine there. was a sudden "short," the
cause of which the electricians cannot ex
plain. The flash of electrical flame from
the crossed wires- shot out with blinding
brilliancy and struck a can of gasoilna
which stood on the floor near by.
There was a puff, and in a second -the
inflammable fluid was all ablaze and had
covered Mertes from head to foot. With
a scream of agony Mertes attracted men
in tho works and they ran to his assist
ance. They literally dragged him away
from the fiercely blazing pool of gasoline
on the floor and tore the burning clothes
off his back.
The flesh peeled off from portions of
Mertes' body, so badly had he been
burned. The flaming garments were
thrown outside, and temporary relief was
given to the sufferer. He was swathed In
bandages and removed to bis rooms. Hi3
injuries, though severe, are not fatal.
The gasoline which caused Mertes' in
juries was used for cleaning ! and Mertes
had placed the can close by before begin
ning his work on the machinery.
By the explosion of a can of gasollns.
caused by a flash from a "short circuit"
on a dynamo. W. A. Mertes, a dynamo
wiper residing at 906 Market street, was
nearly burned to death at the California
Light and Power Company, 229 Stevenson
street. Saturday night. It was only by
prompt and cool-headed action on th«
part of his fellow-employes that Mertea
was not roasted. As it was, he was *o
seriously injured that he will be confined
to his home for many days.
mound Park. •»
The Norddeutscher Verein of San Fran
cisco held its- twenty-sixth successful an
nual picnic and midsummer night's festi
val at Shell Mound Park yesterday. The
day was a delightful one In all 'respects
and more than 2000 guests enjoyed the
typical German outing.
Special trains for the accommodation of
the picknickers were run between the
park and ferries throughout the after
noon. Two orchestras and a band were
present to add to the entertainment and
furnish music for the dancers who
thronged both pavilions. A considerable
sum was derived from the affair, which
will be used for philanthropic purposes.
The committees were as follows:
Arrangements— E. Stehn (chairman), C. W.
Arp. F. Gooss. A. Meyer. A. E. Kroenke.
Dance — F. Rathjen, ' Otto von Borstel, H.
Frohbose. B. Meyer, G. Otzen, H. Dierks.
Finance— J. Sohl. A. Meese, C. Glese, Chris
topher Abraham, C. Oldag, C. Fleisher.
Bowling — E. Baruth, C Moeller, E. Ipeen,
H. Behlmer. . ,
ure to Many Guests at Shell-
NORDDETJTSCHER VEBEIN
HAS PI/EASANT OUTING
Typical German Picnic Affords Pleas-
The amount of subscription or donation Is
optional with the Individual, who is expected
to gauge contributions by the degree of his or
her sympathy for the victims of the most
dreaded of all incurable diseases.
The Jews of the Pacific Coast are expected
to do their share, and in placing the matter
before them we feel assured that a plain state
ment of facts will be sufficient to stir the
generous Impulses, without attempting to draw
any vivid pictures of the ravages of this dire
disease or describing the agonies of its much
to be commiserated victims, whose only solace
has heretofore been the comforting embrace of
the silent grave. Now we may, If the disease
be taken in time, check Its progress and arrest
Its development by contributing a fair amount,
either as a donation or. membership -fee, as
can come to the rescue " of » hundreds of suf
ferers — fathers, mothers and fondly loved
¦-•hildren — whese lives may be ! prolonged and
whose families may not only be made happy
but nerhaps spared the degradation of taking
alras.
When the new structure is completed it will
require at least . $60,000 per annum to operate
the Institution, and as the burden Is to be so
widely spread, there can be no room to doubt
that the money wlll.be forthcoming.
It is now proposed to enlarge . the hospital
by erecting another ward near the main build
ing, to which • it will be connected by a cov
ered way. Funds are urgently needed both for
the building and for the proper maintenance of
the Increased number of Inmates. At' present
$26,000 is expended annually to support the | In
stitution. That is at the rate, of $1 18 per day
per patient. This includes the cost of medical
attendance, too, and as all the patients are
indigent and cannot pay anything, this small
sum provides for all their needs.
The hospital Is now a national - institution,
deriving its support from the entire Jewish
community of the United States. There la,
however, at present accommodations for only
sixty-three patients, and as the waiting list
has always been a Ions one, the hospital has
always had to take care of that, number.
The following statement has been issued
by the local committee in its appeal for
funds: t "
Lewis Gerstle, Daniel Meyer, M. J. Brand
ensteln, Phil N. Aronson, I. W. Hellman Jr.,
Judge M. C. Sloss, Bert Hecht, Sanford Gold- 1
stein, -Mose3 Gunst, Abe Brown, Jacob Greene
baum. Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Otto I. Wise, Lucius
I* Sonomons, Ben Schloss and Dr. Albert
Abrams. • . • .
The following named , gentlemen have
been elected • as the Pacific Coast direc
tors' committee of the hospital: •
For some years the Jewish community
of Denver, maintained a hospital for suf
ferers from the dread . malady, tubercu
losis, but owing to the influx «>f patients
from all parts of the country the local
board of managers appealed to other com
munities, asking that the _ hospital be
made a national institution.
At a meeting held yesterday of leading
Jewish citizens it was decided to estab
lish a Pacific Coast directors'" committee
of the Denver Hospital for Consumptives,
which henceforth is to be a- national In
stitution. ' - ,
Local Board of Directors Is
Formed for National
Institution.
Jewish Citizens Will Aid
Consumptives' of
America:
FUNDS NEEDED
FOR HOSPITAL
WORKMEN SHUT
ON HUGE HOTEL
Tests Begin at Former
Site of Calvary
Church.
1 uilding Operations Give
Keen Edge to Deals
in Realty.
The Inside finish, doors and sash, mill
work and hardware for the Callaghan es
tate building at the gore of Market and
McAllister streets will cost $21,000 or more.
A three-story frame building to contain
tnree flats will be erected by John S. and
V. Garibaldi on the north line of Union,
rtrf-et. west from Franklin, to cost $5000.
William R. Chadbourne is about to build
a two-storv attic and basement frame
structure on the east line of Fifth ave
nue, HX> feet north from Lake street. The
cost will be SSOOO.
K, B. Hindes will expend $60,000 in the
construction of a hotel building on the
south line of Bush street, west from Tay
lor.
The cost of the flats to be erected for
Mrs. C. E. L. Folger on the northwest
corner of Jones and Chestnut streets will
bo about $22,000.
Three fiats will be erected for Thomas
Harrison on the west line of Stanley
place, west from Bryant street
The new owners will remodel the Itare
ohal Neil on the northwest corner of\Ellis
aro. Jones streets.
Thomas Denigan will place a cixty
room hotel on the corner of Fillmore and
McAllister streets; recently purchased by
him.
Among the Builders.
The mortgages and releases of the week
were nearly equal in number to those of
lest week, exceeding the latter by about
BJOftjOQA in amount in round figures, how
ever. There were no very large transac
tions in either line.
B. R<>ed will build on Ninth avenue,
near J street, a six-room cottage with fin
ished basement. H. Fahl*>n has nearly
completed a residence on Eighth avenue,
n^ar J street.
Philip Jackson, for a one and a half story
modern residence, on the west line of Xinth
«venue. between I and J streets; E. S. Tooker.
? or a two-story residence, on the west line of
Xinth avenue, between K and L. streets.
Contracts for buildings have been let in
the- Sunset district on lots sold by Sol
Cittz SL Bro. since the announcement of
th* allowance of $40,000 by the Board of
Supervisors for the Sunset district as fol
lows:
An auction sale of realty will be con
¦Ji'eted by Easton & Eldridge on the ISth
inst.
<i. H. Umbsen & Co. will auction real
estate on the 17th.
Gus T. Wyman has sold the southeast
corner of Second and Natoma streets for
Charles A. Hug for $40,000.
Lot 50x120. west line of Ninth avenue, 130 feet
north of L. street, for $1400; 75x120, on the east
line of Forty-eighth avenue, 200 feet north of
K street, for $900; 50x100, on the south line of I
Ftreet, t£:6 west of Forty-fifth avenue, for $400;
25x120. on the west "ine of Ninth avenue, 17*
feet north of J street, for $S00; 23xl£0, on the
west line of Ninth avenue, 125 feet north of L
street, for $700; 25x100, on the east line of South
e venue, 25 feet south of Rich land avenue, for
S25ft; 25x100, on the southeast line of Athens
ttreet, 150 feet west of Brazil avenue, for $250;
EC'XlOf'. on the south line of Sadowa street, 250
feet west of Cepitol avenue, for $275; 25x120, on
the east line of Ninth avenue, 125 feet south of
Clement street, for $800.
Sales are reported by Sol Getz &. Broth
er in the Sunset district as follows:
The Sunset District.
Two water lots on the east line of Spear
f-treet. 1£3:4 feet south from Mission, running
through to Spear, 45:10x275, for the estate of
< harles S. Johnson to Henry Kahn, for £11,300;
northeast corner of Mission and Beale streets.
to Ernest R. •Lilienthal. for Montague White
and others, .the lot being 81:8x137:6, for $88,000;
property on the north line of Townsend street,
VIS on Townsend and 45:10 on Bluxome. to
< 'harlee T. and Jennie Crocker, for the eite of
a warehouse for U". & J. Sloane&Co.. the price
beinff S37.500; south line of Brannan street, Z06;Z
feet east from Ninth, 103x275, for F. E. Pea
body of Boston, to be made the *ite of a ware
house, the eelling price being $15,000; lot 27:6x
3 30, on the west line of Gough street. 110 feet
north from Geary, for Mrs. P. Oppenhelmer to
Mrs. Marie LAda, for 18500; lot :5xl37:«. on the
north line of Lombard street, 211 feet east
from Devisadero. for Herbert E. Law, lot 24:6
xll7. on the northeast corner of Union and
Franklin streets, for William F. Whlttier. for
J25C0.
A. M. Speck & Co. have sold for I.
Schwartz the toutheast corner of McAl
lister and Buchanan streets, 50x120 feet,
with improvements, consisting of two
stoies and four flats, to Charles Ehroann
for $34,500.
The following sales are reported by
Thomas Magee &. Sons:
The sales of the brokers announced dur
ing the week hsve not been as numerous
ns a little earlier, but it is well known
'.hat several important deals are in con
sideration. The deeds of the week repre
sent some quite large transactions.
Among tl'ese were the sale by Robert S.
and Florence Moore to M. H. de Young,
previously announced, of 45:10x137:6 feet
en ihe northeast line of Spear street,
137:6 feet northwest from Mission, for
$30,000. which was put through by Bovee,
Toy & Sonntag; the sale by Christopher
and Mctta Haoke to O. D. Baldwin of the
northeast corner of Eddy and Laikin
streets, 87:6x137:6 feet, for $25,000. and the
fale by James V. Coleman and Cecelia C.
d'Audigne to Charles T. and Jennie
Crocker cf property on the northwest line
cf Townsend street, 91:8 feet southwest
from Fourth, for $37,500. The sale of the
southwest corner of California and Polk
streets by the estate of Amelia V. R. Pix
'ey to Albert Pissis for $70,000 was con
lirmed by the Probate Court.
Sales by the Brokers.
Drillers have begun to Investigate
'-he subject of foundations for the mil
lion-dollar hotel to be erected by the
•rocker heirs on the northwest corner of
Powell and Geary streets. This was so
near the begirring of the actual con
struction of that splend'd structure that
many spectators gathered around the
derrick and the few men at work and
manifested lively interest. Fifteen year*
l^ave changed the surroundings of Union
square so much for the better that it i*
hardly like the former locality. Two
• hurebee, both large and held by wealthy
°"Sregations, have now given way In
hat section to the demands of business
a its westward march. The old property
¦ f the Red Mei, fronting: en the square,
will be adorned with a fine building in
;he not distant future. The city is going
ahead so fast now in the matter of solid
end costly structures that no past period
in the history of its advancement has
been comparable .to the present. The
signs are everywhere observable that the
immediate future is equally bright. The
f=ale of the Blythe property and the plans
for the Mutual Bank and the new Flood
buildings imply j-plendid progres for Mar
ket street. Two sales announced this
week were coupled with the information
1 that warehouses w^re to be built on each
of two properties in the manufacturing
an<j warehousing section of the city.
Rey,;T.rJ. Q'Gonnell Meeting With Success
in His Efforts to /Establish the . First
• Branch of the Order on the Pacific Coast
ORGANIZING A JUNIOR COUNCIL
OF THE YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE
CAPTAIN GILLIN TO BE RETIRED
ON A PENSION FOR DISABILITY
Injury Received While Raiding a Chinese
Gambling House a Few Years Ago Finally
Renders the Veteran Officer a Cripple
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1901. ,
POPULAR CAPTAIN OF PO
LICE WHO IS TO BE RE
TIRED FOR DISABILITY.
o
7
0 ¦ g • g 0 m V
1 SRSa&5" *E • ?3
stations. i'lali^a* lo " Pa
Astoria 30.22 68 42 NW Clear 0
Baker 30.06 B6 30 NW Cloudy 0
Carson .' .....29.92 62 36 W Clear 0'
Eureka 30.18 66 50 NW Clear 0
Fresno ....29.86 80 54 NW Pt Cldy 0
Flagstaff' 29.80 70*40 SW Clear o
Pocatello. Idaho.. 29. 84 64 46 W Clear 0-
Independence ....29.64-78 60 XV Pt Cldy 0
Los Angeles 29.90 72 58 SW Pt Cldy 0
Phoenix 29.70 96 68 W Clear 0
Portland .30.14 62 48 NW Pt Cldy .15
Red Blurt :. .29.88 78 C6 N Clear 0
Roseburg ..30.12 64 46 NW Clear .01
Sacramento 29.92-74 48 SW*Clear 0*
Salt Lake ........29.78 70 62 NW"Pt Cldy 0
San Francisco.... 30.02 60 48 W, Clear o
San Luis Oblspo..30.02 64 40 ; W Clear 0
San Diego 29.94 64 60 NW Clear. 0
Seattle 30.16 62 44 NW Cloudy T.
Spokane.. 30.04 68 42 • W Cloudy .06
Neah Bay 30.22 56 46 NW. Cloudy o
Walla Walla. 30.02 66 46 SW Pt Cldy .02
Wlnnemuca 29.84' 62 38 .NW Pt Cldy o
Yunia 29.64 94 70 SW Clear * 0
0 ¦ g • g 0 m V
1 SRSa&5" *E • ?3
stations. i'lali^a* lo " Pa
Astoria 30.22 68 42 NW Clear 0
Baker 30.06 B6 30 NW Cloudy 0
Carson .' .....29.92 62 36 W Clear 0'
Eureka 30.18 66 50 NW Clear 0
Fresno ....29.86 80 54 NW Pt Cldy 0
Flagstaff' 29.80 70*40 SW Clear o
Pocatello. Idaho.. 29. 84 64 46 W Clear 0-
Independence ....29.64-78 60 XV Pt Cldy 0
Los Angeles 29.90 72 58 SW Pt Cldy 0
Phoenix 29.70 96 68 W Clear 0
Portland .30.14 62 48 NW Pt Cldy .15
Red Blurt :. .29.88 78 C6 N Clear 0
Roseburg ..30.12 64 46 NW Clear .01
Sacramento 29.92-74 48 SW*Clear 0*
Salt Lake ........29.78 70 62 NW"Pt Cldy 0
San Francisco.... 30.02 60 48 W, Clear o
San Luis Oblspo..30.02 64 40 ; W Clear 0
San Diego 29.94 64 60 NW Clear. 0
Seattle 30.16 62 44 NW Cloudy T.
Spokane.. 30.04 68 42 • W Cloudy .06
Neah Bay 30.22 56 46 NW. Cloudy o
Walla Walla. 30.02 66 46 SW Pt Cldy .02
Wlnnemuca 29.84' 62 38 .NW Pt Cldy o
Yunia 29.64 94 70 SW Clear * 0
I |p n ,,,^i,iiimfbfc M k 9
I Granulated Sugar * <
I 18 pounds $1.00 I
I Spreckcls* best extra dry, Mon- J
? day. <
> Chow Chow . Btl 30c
z Cross &¦ Blackell's, you all know
< the brand.
I Lea & Perrin's Worcester-
> shire Sauce btl 22c •:•!:
I . best of all. ', ! ; •
X Barataria Shrimps <|j
\ 3 tins .25c;:
\ Pickled or dry. excellent . for >
ft lunches or salads, regular 15c. • i
!> Pineapple 15c tin 1;|
>> Singapore grated,' just the thing !|lj
<> for ice cream or water Ices. i
« Cherries in Marischino f
I ' -. . 55c btl;::
s£ Imported ' French, extra quality, Ji
it regular ¦90c." • . -;f ;• <!
« Golden Reisling 50c gallon <;:
?£ Ldvermore Valley, vintage 1894," i '\
w . regular 73c. * j >
« Pilsener Export Beer j;|
?> . Per case $1.00 ;:•
» Union bottling. ;jj
|> French Vermouth 50c btl ¦:•
>z Noilly. Prat & Co.; : genuine im- ',',',
tt ported. Monday and Tuesday. <\<
I Her Majesty Old Tom Gin ]|:
I " 65c bt»:j!j
>> Cavendish & Sons, distillers, reg- '<'(>'
ft- ular 11.00. . I-:
»¦ American Qub -Whiskey I
I , . , $1^85 gallon i
« Hand 'made • sour mash, regular sTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 10; 1901.
8
S A.\ FR AX CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets; open
until 32 o'clock every night In the year.
nUANCH OFFICES-SI' Montgomery street,
corecr Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
JOO Hcyes street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
<_ McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. tn.
fitf Larkln street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1?41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22CI Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 3 n. m.
KS Hleventh street; cpen until 9 p. rn.
JC-P6 Valencia street: cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streete; open until 9 p. in.
_C0 Kiilrcore street; open until 3 p. m. ,
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery _ .j._
No. 1G. K. T.. C_ Sutter St.— Special TBR*
assembly THIS EVENING at 8 R}
o'clock. Order of Temple. All fraters
are courteously Invited.
H. D. LOVELAND, Em. Com.
THEO. FKOLICH. Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. _*, F. and A. •
M.-THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at _|%^
7:30 o'clock. Third degree. Master TCjf
Masons cordially invited. Hy order of * V
the \V. M.
W A LTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. •¦
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY (Mon- ~J\_
day). June 10. 1901. at 7:30 o'clock p. m. Ityf
Degree 1. By order of the W. M. / ~r
_. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 2C0, F. and ¦
A. M.. Franklin Hall. Fillmore, be-^\^
tween Bus=h and Sutter.— Second degree jCJT
THIS EVENING at 7:30. >*f ~*^
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7, I. O. M
O. F.— The officers and the funeral com- yT
mittee of the above named Encamp- S\
ment are hereby notified to assembled X
at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market and
Seventh sts.. on TUESDAY. June 11. at 1:30
|u m.. for the purpose of • attending the
funeral of our late brother and Patriarch.
C VRL ITJEN. By order of the Chief Patri-
arch. CHAS. QUAST. Fin. Scribe.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from A. Lundberg, in the
Joseph Thomas mine, at Plymouth. Amador
County, to deposit tailings in Indian Creek,
and from S. I. Simmons et als.. in the Vic-
tor placer mine, In Negro Canon, Sierra
County to deposit tailings in Charcoal or
Nrcro Creek, gives notice that a meeting
vill be held at room 59. Flood building. San
Francisco. Cal.. on June 24. 1901. at 1:30 p. m.
IXTEItXATIOXAL Brotherhood of Stationary
Firemen n.eet every THURSDAY EVE., at 8
o'clock sharp, at 1159 Mission St.. near Sth.
CHEAPEST and l>»st in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
Vuited States or Canada one year for Jl.
postage raid. '
AGESTS WAXTED.
WANTED — Every newsboy to sell copies of the
latest comedy. "The Police Commissioner of
Crarvllle": big profits. For copies call at
crocery. KW. cor. Greenwich and Baker><ts.
SOMETHING new; fast seller: easily handled;
email oapltal. Particulars write or call DUN-
DEE MFG. CO.. 40S4 Grove St.. Oakland.
ASPHALTUM ItOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
TMlred: postal. HSfi Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private:
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, etty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
1_ S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
fcet rt.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN'.
BERKELEY lady would take children to
board: best care. Address 2127 Prince st..
Aehby station.
A GOOD country home for children with best
of care. 933 Forty-sixth St., Oakland.
1 OR 3 children to board, week or mentn: best
>¦»-«•— inpv var»1:nT\y<-tw<|;"'a«=~iab1e.l607 Cal.
ULSINKSS CUANCES.
>700— CORNER grocery and bar with 3 living
rooms; rent ?16: choice location In the Mis-
sion; a steady and good-paying business. In-
quire R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $150: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; rjent
$30; best location: clearing $100 per month.
Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26V£ Kearny st.
A— $1250; MUST be 6old In three days; half in-
terest in leaOir.gr French restaurant of the
city: death in family cause of sale. See R.
G. WILKE, 26>£ Kearny s_
GREAT bargain — Saloon. 9 furnished rooms
and bar; price 5550; rent $25; doing a first-
class business: water front. R. G. WILKE.
26>i Kearr.y st.
A— JSOCO: COUNTRY saloon. 30 miles from S.
F. : rent S35; place doing business of TSCOO per
year; license $100 per year: lease. Particu-
lars R. G. WILKE, %\s Kearny st.
A— $1250; FANCY grocery with selected stock
of wines and liquors; no bar: bottle trade;
close to City Hall: living rooms; good busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st.
A— tCCO; DELICACY, with home cooking de-
partment, doing a business of $30 per day;
rent $22; a money-making place. Call R. G.
WILKE, I6'i Kearny Et.
A— $400; BRANCH bakery with nicely fur-
nished room; rent $12; dally receipts $10; lo-
cation Polk st. Call R. G. WILKE, 26Va
Kearny st.
A RARE chance; price $1900; dairy, produce
and delicatessen store, clearing above $150 per
month; rent $15; stock will invoice price;
location can't be beat. Call R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON; no better located place in
this city; rent $50; place clears easily $150
t«?r month: no night work. See R, G.
TVILKE. S6',j Kearny st.
A— $2000*: BOARDING and livery stable; West-
ern Addition; net rent $48; clearing above $150
1'fr month; large patronage; stock of bug-
gies, horses and harness first class. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26'/j Kearny st.
AAA—J600— Printing business; clears $100 rco.
$1000 — Grocery and bar; low rent; pays well.
$»jo0— Notions, school supplies; very cheap.
JI2T0 — Cigar stand; down town; long lease.
S^OO — Partnership; large profits; no store.
JSOOO — Fine country crocery.
~%Ve have a larze number of different busi-
nesses for sale from ?_0 to $12,000. Call in
«nd see what we can offer you. WALTER
HAYES _ CO.. £38 Market St.
A — WE have buyers for cigar store. $1000:
saloon. $4000 to $5000; barber shops. $500 and
$11CO: general business, $600 and $1000. List
your business with us: no charge for ailver-
tislng. WALTER HAYES - CO.. S38 Market.
ARK you ambitious to get into a legitimate,
profitable business of your own without capi-
tal.? Here is an opportunity; write us. inclos-
ing 25c. stamps or silver, for plan. Excelsior
Company. 727 Market st.
YOU can be suited In any kind of business by
calling _t office.
*;. W. SCHWEINHARD. $17 Market st..
near Fifth. Phone. Mint 1911.
Tl'E have some select oil land In Devil Den
district which must be sold. Further Infor-
mation West Coast Investment Co., Phelan
l.uil«ll»;s. '¦
$!<Xt— COFFEE and chop house: bargain: sick-
ness cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN . & CO.,
777 l -i Market sL
Pacific Real Estate Co., 765 Market; real bar-
gains In restaurants, saloons, groceries, cigars,
stationery, bakeries, etc. Call and Investigate.
A— SELECT butcher business; a choice loca-
tion: will sell cheap, as owner has other
business. Box 4253. Call offlce.
A -W ELL-ESTABLISHED millinery store for
?¦ale on account of going to Europe. For par-
ticular? apply at store, 587 Geary st. .
A— ?500; GROCERY and bar; must fell account
STRAND _ KAISER. 209 Kearny st.
CROCERY and bar: family cash trade; cheap
rent; living furnished rooms; make an offer.
328 Pine St." c- ,'
FOR sale— Corner grocery and bar. Corner Zoe
and Freelon sts.
TAX-JOB thon— Must be sold: propretor must
rco.Kast: flne location; sold at a bargain.
Apply oa premises. 4G5 Valencia st
FOR rr.\»~ 45 Yen Ness ave.; Sm-elass liquor
rtcre-: large basement and living rooms.
Kesldccee 547 Hayes st.
CBHA7 chr.noe to secure fine modern store;
rc*>4 Joratlcn for any business. 315 O'Far-
rell st.. r.tar Mason; see it.
COIiNEU grocery and bar; good business; larjj*
etovic; fine fixtures: 4 living rooms; caus-
eickne?*. Address 74S Brannan st.
TO l*t — Country blacksmith shop, with tools
Inquire st- Elmhurst Exchange. Eimhum.
r.rar Oakland.
TO exenange— Alaska developed "mines for
property or business. 203Vi Turk st.
I'lRST-CLASS French liquor store; eft. „ yrs. ;
hoi «c wagon, cellar, rent $50. 1401 Powell.
EM ALL milk business for sale cheap. 9W
Thirty-seventh st., Oakland.
M (N with $300 to Join party to work placer
claim at Cape Nome. Box 5433. Call officer
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisement! and
tubscriptions bas been established at' 1038
Valencia >_ fc__HB_H_HMEBK_
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & Co..
SSO Market- st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 aad 23. Phone Bush 32S. •
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
C2 rooms; rent $135; well fur.; reduced $3250
45 rooms; rent only $125: clears $225; good
location; fur.; carpets; Investigate 1000
60 rooms: rent $125: 2-year lease; hard-
wood fur.; perm., transient roomers; 20
front rocms .*.. 1800
15 rooms: rent $".7 50: part cash: good 900
18 rooms: rent $47; brick building; good
fur., cpts; reduccfi to make quick sale 425
""¦ rooms; rent $.110; fine location 900
S3 rooms: cor.; rer.t only $125: located cen-
ter business part city of Stockton; best,
paying house in city; elegant fur.;
clears 5275 3009
A— MARION GRIFFIN, The Real Estate Apent.
719 Market st.. room? 1 & 2; by the Call bid;?.
16 rooms; 2 flats n. of Mkt.: clear $76 $1000
8 rooms;-G. G. ave.; rent $40; new furn.;
i Moquettc cpts.: *£ cash: income, $58 — 425
4S rooms; 2 floors: rent $125: fine corner.. 1800
25 rooms; easy terms; velvet and Brussels
cpts; hair mattresses; clears $95 over all 2000
21 rooms: rent $73: profit $60 over all.... 1000
E0 rms.: hotel; elevator; clears $3000 yearly 6000
WINSTON* & WOLF]
1026 Market st.
15 rooms; corner; a snap; rent $50 $500
16 rooms; must sell for 500
JS rocms; rent $50; only SCO
20 rooms; corner; rent $65 1350
32 rooms; rent $40; clears $100 1250
CO rooms; rent $65; for 1200
~ ATTENTION. BUYERS!
Tcu may buy any roomlng-hous* la
the city, nnd pay for It
In monthly payments .
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. SSO Market.
FISHER A: CO.. 935 Market st., opp. Mason.
87 rooms, price $S00: 35 rooms, price $1400.
24 rooms, price $1000; 12 rooms, price $550.
16 rocm;, price $1400: 11 rooms, price $325.
S rooms; finely furnished; rent $30; $500.
j If a bargain, we have them at any prjce.
j 18 ROOMS on Pine St.. price $450.
I 9 rooms on Minna St., price $250.
14 rooms on Taylor St.. price $700.
39 rooms on Grant ave.. price $1500.
Eureka Real Estate. „ Sixth et.
THE largest and best list of lodging houses
and hotels can be found at office cf
G. W. PCHWEIXHAHD. "
{ TCo. 917 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
! Phone Mint 1911.
j FOR SALE— Punny corner lodging house; 15
rocms: one block north Market; rent $50; price
$550. Box 4277, Call.
20 ROOMS, newly furnished: 3 years' lease;
$450. Apply at 105 New Montgomery st.
10 ROOMS; finely furnished house; $750. 305
Jones st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for fl,
postage paid.
sriniTCA_isai.
_ms7^rT~w^nTNEY^
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore: oil locations: medical clairvoyant;"
treats cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellis-
st. car; Elt.. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
JOHN SLATER— Circles 25c, Mon. & Frl. eves.,
8:15; Wed. afternoon, 2:45; sittings daily, 10
to 4, except Sun. 1S09 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkin
Bt; tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. LESTER, 148 Sixth, rm. 12; cir. every
eve., 10c, except devel. cir., Friday eve. . 25c.
MRS. H. A. DUNHAM, business and test me-
dium; many years' exper. 14 McAllister, r. 35.
j Mrs. Gtlllngham, hrs. 1 to 5; circles Sun., Wed.,
! Fri.. 10c. 305 Larkin. Wed.,Sat..Oakld.,532 22d.
EDWARD EARLE, ?I8 /Ellis St.— Readinga
dally; seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs.
MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 1027V4 Mar-
ket st.. room 1. second floor. ¦:'-¦•'':
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 136 West Mission St.,
nr. 13th — Circle Fri. eve., 25c; sittings daily.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 325 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: tost to all to-night; 10c.
CliAIIlVOYAXTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
DIFFERENT FROM ALL OTHERS.
10CO Callers Since May 1st.
Xiamaa Russian seer, medium, palmist and
advisor, tells your name, what you called
for. cures j'our disease or anything you want
to knew; no charges in advance: satisfaction
guaranteed; develops mediums In 2 months;
teaches palmistry, clairvoyancy; hours 9 a. m.
to 9 p. m. : readings by mail. 326 O'Farrell.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK; the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
k»t st.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
¦with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDX the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future* never fails: has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
band or wife: 25c up; satisfaction to every-
body; cures diseases by sympathy. 215>-i Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies 50c,
rents $1; palm, and clair. sit., Jl 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6tb: private readings daily. 10 a. m. to & p. m.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny: never
falls; readings, 5Cc. l'C3 Mission St., cor. Sth.
MME. SANDERS. 127 Mason st. medium and
palmist: teaches mind telegraphy and glvc3
advice on all business; hours 12 to S.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives names, facts, dates; satisfaction by
mall; inc. stamp. 12S2 Mrket. op. Odd Fellows.
Mrs. Dr. Saylor.qu»en of clairvoyants and palm-
ists: names and dates; L.. 25c; G. 50c: mall $1.
1511»,i Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1095.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. II. Cth: Germp.n spoken; tel. Howard, 1846
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladles 25c;
gents 50c. S51 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
FOR Deace of mind see Mesmar.' the great
clair.. life reader: truth only. . 1152 Mission.
CLEAR diagnosis of oil and mineral lands and
practical advice. Address box 3336. Call office.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyarit. card reader; la-
dles 25c: cents 50c. 132 Sixth St. C' '•
MME. * SCHAFFER. clalrvovant. card reader:
Elttings dally. 44S>i Jessie st... bet. Sth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA ren<l« life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CAPE XOME. i
NOME and Teller City, sailing July 15; "limited
number of passengers: last steamer this
month. C. F. MOORE. I'35 Market St., rm. 6.
CARPET ' PEATIXO AXI) CLEAffiyG)
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 253-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-CIeaninpr Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main SS4. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
RUDOLPH & CO.. rurpet-beatlng works; price*
reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Howard 2351.
JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 23-27 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 1061.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeinsr company. 342-
344 McAllister st ; phone South 146.. v, v
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth st.: tel. South, 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating nnd Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st ; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st.; telephone Jessie 914. ;
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Hate ave. : telephone East 126. V.:-""-.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROTVX nails, bunions, corns, warts, chll-
blalns: nalnlvs cur» Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE^rK^L?TFs~Ai^^
j less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$15— COTTAGE. 4~rooms, bath ; lot iToTchicken'
house; flne garden, etc. 198 Laldley st.
COTTAGES FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Nice cottage, 4 rooms, bath ; . every
convenience. 529 Sixth ave., nr. Park, Rich-'
rr.onri. \_
MHBSSMAKEltS AX IJ SEAMSTRESSES
MoDOWKLL Dressmaking _ Millinery School-
Class rateb; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCOIiDEON* pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor &-. .MofTatt-
, DENTISTS.
Xfthe ELE^Tl^-DENTAirCLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm 7, Flood bldg.. you can
, have your extractions done, painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty;, gold crowns,
* $3 50 up; plates, - extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a; m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions .or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and. guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell fit.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, ?3 50; fillings,
50c; plates. $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices. Offlce
1141 Polk St.. corner Sutter; open Sundays.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly Installments: lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns.' $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. I_ WALSH,S15?iGeary,nr._.arkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkl 135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
| amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices - In S. F. Painless extraction,
60c N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission st. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth. -
SET • of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOTJKG. 3341 Polk st. t ¦
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER^MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportcurlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
& night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
' raphy, etc.; life scholarship. $50; individual
Instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ~
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell »t.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mlnlng.mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nai'.len School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of' Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st. .
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg., Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
PROF. L. MERKI, successful teacher of violin,
: mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission St., nr. 6th.
Munson. School Shorthand, Typlng.BookkeepIng,
Spanish. 137 Montgomery. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
Electric-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'b Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.; best help; send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and Louse servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANZTSE, central hcusecleanlng and employ-
ment: dll kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. .*15 Stockton; Main 51S8.
EMPKOYMKVr WASTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German chambermaid desires
situation, country, good references; a woman
with a child wants a position, good cook and
houseworker. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 FIRST-CLASS German girls desire situations
as cook and chambermaid or second girl;
good references. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
YOUNG girl would like a situation to assist
¦in light housework and care of children;
wages $12. Apply fruit store. Laguna St.,
between Fulton and Grove. . -
RESPECTABLE elderly woman wishes place
to do light housework or care for sick; good
housekeeper. Address 1023 McAllister St..
near "Webster.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper for 1 or 2 in family;
country preferred; no triflers., Address
Hou sekeeper, 1 Polk st.
RESPECTABLE girl wants general housework
or upstairs work. Please call at 4227 Nine-
teenth st.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to ' do general
housework In a private .family. Please call
at 314 Laguna St., near Oak.
AN elderly woman wishes a situation to assist
with housework In the city; kind to children.
Call at 230 Minna st.
WOMAN wants work by the day. MRS. G.,
235 Hickory ave.-
YOUXG woman wants place to do housework.
Please call at 2 Rltch St.. nr. Folsom and 3d.
SITUATION wanted by an American, Eastern
lady, as housekeeper for old couple or small
family; companion; nurse for Invalid or
child, light housework and sewing; good cook;
• no incuinbrance; can leave city; salary rea-
sonable. Address MRS. M. R. JOHNSTON.
118 Eddy Et.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes a position
as companion to middle-aged or elderly lady
of cheerful disposition; will assist with up-
stairs work and plain Fewlng; wages net less
than $25. Address M. E. L.. 1209 Octavia st.
EXPERIENCED young lady, speaking French
and German, wishes a position for upstairs
work and sewing, waiting at table or care of
grown children: 3 years' city reference; state
name and wages. Box 4266, Call offlce. •
FRENCH, dressmaker, first class, wishes en-
gagements In families; tailor-made and even-.
Ing dresses specialty: satisfaction guaran-
j __teed. Box 4260, Call offlce.
AS lady's companion; accustomed to travel at
home and abroad; good sailor; references. B.
A.. 431 O'Farrell st
WANTED — By respectable woman, position as
housekeeper or housework for an old couple:
best reference. 603 Walnut ave., between
Post and Sutter sts.. near Octavia.
WOMAN wants washing or other work to do.
M. REICHOW, 417 Harrison st.
A YOUNG woman wishes situation as nurse
for a child; good v.hecs. Box 4280, Call.
WANTED— Dressmaking in families', $2 per
day; organdies and wash goods a specialty.
2509 Mission St., rear.
WANTED— Situation by first-class cook; elderly
English woman. Box 3337. Call office. - '
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, late of New York,
wishes to go out for $2 a day. Apply to MRS.
N. WAHLQUIST. 509 Kearny st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
- net— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
Futscrlptions has been established' at 1096
Valencia st. - . -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Cnll branch offlce. 1200 Fillmore.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
YOUNG man, good carpenter, has tools, also
good hand with horses, would like a pluce
. on large ranch. Box 4297, Call offlce.
HOTEL manager, middle-aged, . single, speaks
French, German, English, Is bartender and
v/alter, seeks engagement. Box 4295, Call.
BARBER, ¦ 2 years' . experience, wants work
with good man. * Address, box 4296, Call.
WANTED— By a married man,'' as ¦ steward ' for
a mining boarding-house /or to manage a
hotel In country; best of reference given; 4
years In last place. Address. W. A. M., 516
Van Ness ave. . • '. • -
WANTED, by competent gardener: thoroughly
understands - greenhouses, propagating - and
gardening of all kinds; experience unlimited.
Box 4213, Call. - '< ..¦-¦¦
GOOD reliable man wants to take care of resi-
dence In absence of owner; best of references.
Box 4242. Call offlce. --.
MAN, "27, handy with tools and machinery,
wishes a few hours' employment dally. Ad-
dress box 4262. Call office.
WANTED— A position to tend bar by a steady,
sober man, newcomer. Box 4233, Call " offlce.
YOUNG man .at present engaged as ¦ grocery
clerk" would like ¦ to change: good reference.
Box 4230. Call offlce.
¦YOUNG k man wishes: situation as second or
' third hand on bread or cakes In country. 1 Ad-
- dresB H. F. JAXTZEN, 1218 26th St.. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by a reliable, sober young
man to drive delivery wagon; city references.
Box 42S9.- Call office. * . ••
WANTED-^Employment ,' by' steady, ' reliable
man. who Is not afraid of work; city or coun-
try, good references:- Address J. O.,~ 46 ttausch.
v _EMPLOTMENT WANTED— MALE.
BRIGHT, honest boy. n'years old, wishes situ-
ation In country; used to horses; small wages;
good home. 308 Shotwell st. - .'. ¦ ¦
BARKEEPER, speaking English and French,
would accept situation to work six or twelve
hours; city, references; bonds , if 'required.
Address box 33S6.- Call i office. -.'
YOUNG man wants position in wholesale dry
goods and gents' furnlshgs. 1003% Market, r. 4.
MAN and wife: wish positions on a ranch: the
man a good teamster and farm hand, wife a
good cook. Address T. P., 1513 Howard St.
WANTED— Position by a young man as gar-
dener in a private family or porter in a sa-
loon. • Address MEDEIROS. 65 Jackson st.
A MIDDLE-AGED man wishes employment of
any kind: wages no object. Apply 215 Kearny.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EXCHANGE.
EXCHANG^~anT r 8^'^flce7l2T Phelan bldg..
Market st.— Send particulars of anything you
have for exchange, sale or^vant; registration
free; Insurance, and loans. . . ' . ,-
TO exchange your property or business call or
write. • G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market St., near Fifth.
Phone Mint 1911. •
FEATHER RENOVATING.
Feather beat, pillows, hair mattresses steamed.
'¦ purified. Owen McCabe. 870 Mission, cor. Stli.
.... FI__TS TO LET.
ELEGANT new~flaC 1935 O^Farrell st '.', T ' be"_
Pierce and Scott, 7 rooms and bath;. rent $35.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
CHERRY. 111. bet. Washington and Jackson—
4 rooms and bath. $12; water free. Inquire
127 Golden Gate ave. '
NINETEENTH. 3984, corner Noe— Lovely low-
er 4-room modern flat. $15; water .free. Key
3978 Nineteenth st.
APPLY at 1722 Howard St. for flat of 6 rooms;
very sunny; 3 front; water free: rent, $17.
FINE modern flat, to let; rent low. 3981 Twen-
ty-flfth st, near Sanchez. . '
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms; yard and cellar; rent
$14. 262 Octavia St. " ¦
FLAT to let— 2505% Howard st.: lower flat, 3
rooms, bath; warm belt; rent $12.
HAIGHT. 459B, near Fillmore— Flat of 4 sunny
rooms: yard and basement: $12.
FLAT, 6 rooms, bath, yard, cellar; $15. 25 Lloyd
st, between Scott and Devisadero. '
HYDE, 1722—5 sunny rooms; all modern im-
MODERN, sunny, upper flat; clean and com-
fortable; 6 Ewer place, off Mason; $16.
PINE, 2617, nr. Dev.— New, sunny bay window
flat. 7 rooms and bath; all late Improvements.
RENT $9— Sunny flat of 3 rooms. 1323 Jessie
St., off Herman. ¦
SUNNY bay-window corner flat, 7 rooms, bath.
18*6 Fifteenth st.. pear Dolores.
SUNNY lower flat 4 rooms; bath and yard.
1111 Jones st., "near California.
4-ROOM flat and bath; all modern improve-
iS ments. 3442 Twentieth St., northeast cor. Capp.
FLATS TO LET Karat-hell. -
GOLDEN^ GATE "ave T 1517— Upper flat, f ur-
nlshed, 4 rooms, bath; garden; nice home; $25.
ELEGANT furnished flat, 5 rooms, "bath. 1221
Laguna st, corner Ellis. -,
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
FOR sale — Newly furnished flat of 4 rooms
and bath at 411 Ellis St.. near Jones.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL: Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co., 92S Howard st.
A. WOLLPE'RT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larktn; tel.Polk694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys ypur - furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market. St.: tel. Jessie 761.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO...... Phone Grant 135.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
6 waitresses, Santa Cruz...: $20
2 waitresses, resort, see party here 20
Head waitress, small country hotel.... 25
Waitress, small country hotel 25
Waitress, south, fare paid 25
2 waitresses, north, fare paid 20
6 v.-aitresses, city 20
Restaurant waitresses, per week 7
Mangier, city, per week .'..¦ 6
Ironers, manglers and apprentices for steam
laundry across the bay, for non-union laun-
dry; wages, $25 to $45; union hours.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, house eirls, second girls, nurse girls
for private families, city and country; best of
wages: also ranch cooks etc.
. C. R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary st,
TWO or three women for alterations on cloaks,
etc., for store, city. Apply C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. '
MRS..M. E. DAY...... ...Phone Main 1575
., : HOTEL, DEPARTMENT
.'2 head waitresses, $30 and $25; 10 waitresses,
first-class springs and resorts. $20; 8 wait-
resses, city and country, $20 and $25; 4 cham-
bermaids to wait, $20ns chambermaids, $18.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, American family. $35. see lady. 10:30
a. m. ; ccok. $30; second girl, $25, same fam-
ily, see lady here; nurse, 1 child, $.20; many
others.
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary St.
WAITRESS, summer. resort, $20; chambermaid,
$6 per week; second girl, city, $25; German
nurse. Los Angeles, $25; cook, hotel, Nevada,
$35; 10 chambermaids and waitresses, city and
country. $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter Et. ¦ /
RELIABLE woman with a child to do light
housework . and care , for woman and child.
2520 Mission st. "
WANTED— A young girl to assist in house-
work; must understand plain cooking. Apply
at 820 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — Reliable all-around grocery clerk;
city experience; no bar; give reference." Box
4299. Call offlce.
WANTED— Girl to take care of 2 children;
w'ages $15. Apply Jn morning at 2016 Van
Ness ave. J
TAILORESS wanted at R. GRIFFIN'S, 423
Montgomery, ave. . •
GIRL for upstairs work and care of two chll-
dren; good wages. 1S33 Ellis st. ' ;
AN Al chambermaid. Call after 9 a. m. at
869 Mission st.. The Portland.
GIRL wanted to do general housework; wages
$20 per month.- 1713' Leavenworth, bakery. -
WANTED— Lady to take care of sick at night.
Call at HC1 Valencia et: . ¦
GIRL to assist with light housework. * 2005
Pine st.
WANTED-Mlddle-aged lady with 1 child for
general housework. 319 Third st
GERMAN or Swedish young lady to assist In
housework. 24 Sixth st. - * •
IMPROVER dressmaking. 344 Grove st.
EXPERIENCED nurse wanted for child 2 years
old. 2544 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS hands in dressmaking; also an
apprentice. 6 Eddy st.. rooms 96-97. - *
WAITRESS wanted. 631. Clay st. ''- ¦
WANTED— Saleslady on boys' and children's
furnishing goods. Apply at S. N. WOOD,_
CO., 718 Market, st. ¦ ' ¦.
¦YOUNG woman with some knowledge of draw-
ing to learn portrait work. WAHLSTAD, S61
Broadway. Oakland. *
GIRLS to sew on buttons; also machine op-
erators. G. W. Reynolds Muslin Underwear,
597 MlssUn- St.. corner' Second.
PLEASANT and " profitable position' for bright
woman of, 30; state previous occupation. Box
4222,/Jall office., . . - -¦' : .- . ' \' ¦
OPERATORS wanted at Lev! Strauss & Co.'n
overall factory, . 32V4 • Fremont • st. Apply : to
MR. DAVIS. '
Al FINISHERS on suits. M., SIMINOFF, _2S
Market sf : , -\
RESPECTABLE girl to cook for family in
' camp.'-, 'Apply 4023 17th St., bet. 10 and 3. ,
.YOUNG girl: to take care of children; wages,
$10 to $15. Call 1816 Baker st. . * ,
GIRL for general "-housework: good home; $15
per month. . Box 4267. ' Call of flee.
WANTED— Apprentice . girl at E. MESSA-
GgR'S, 145 Post: st.
WANTED— Girl to work In . shooting gallery;
' wages ?1 per ilay.'. . 425 Dupont st. /" ¦ -¦*
A .YOUNG." girl 'In ''small family; r good home;
.wages $3 per week." Box 4292, Call offlce.
.WANTED— 100 girls. -.Apply to Long Syrup Re-
. fining Co.; Eighth i and Brannan sts.
jtELP _ WANTED— FEMALE— -Con.
IF you have done hand sewing In a tailor shop
¦ you will find good - paying- work . at .. Lev!
Strauss & Co.'s Overall Factory, 32% Fremont
st. Apply to Mr. Davis until further notice. :¦:
HAIRDRESSING thoroughly taught in 2 wks.;
entire course $5; positions guaranteed: big sal-
ary at start. Halrdressing College. 574 Geary.
FINISHERS on vests. ; BELASCO &'HARRI3
CO.. 541 Market 8t. .-.
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker. BELASCO
& HAJtRIS CO.; 541 Market st. ...
HELP WANTED-— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY „.... Phone, Main 5848
-. Leading Employment * and Labor Agents. -
. WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
Los Angeles and Santa Barbara divisions.. : .
FREE FARE............. 1FREE FARE
A. carload of laborers for the. above divisions
for section, rock and . steel gangs: ship .to-
night; wages $1 75 to $2 25 day;: office fee, $1
....We ship morning, and night to Ukiah....
75 laborers and teamsters, Ukiah........../..
$2 day, -free fare
• FOR. A NEW SAWMILL CO.
25 laborers, no experience required, ¦< to work
in. the mills, yards and woods: steady. Job
year round...: ..... '....$35 to $65 and found
FARE PAID-To another sawmill— WE SHIP
TO-DAY— 10 laborers, no experience required,
$26 and found; fare paid \
-, . MECHANICAL HELP. ¦
25 carpenters, different jobs, ?2 to $3 day and
found; machine blacksmith, $3 50 to $4 day
4 coopers and coopers' helper.$2 25 to $2 SO day
4 horseshoers, country shops and camps
$3 and $2 50 day and found
. 15 blacksmiths, shops and ranches...........
..; r. .$3 50 and S3 day
$40, $50 and $60 and found, 4 blacksmith help-
ers ; safe maker, $2 50 to $3 day ; > . carriage
painter .......¦."...'.¦..'..;."
MUCKERS. . .... MINERS ..... .LABORERS
10 more strong laboring men to do mucking
or shoveling, mine... .................$75
25 machine, single-hand miners and drillers...
B0 laborers, no experience required, for differ-
ent mines, $30, $34, $40 and $60 and N found; 4
miners for an asphalt mine.
. HARVEST FIELDS, FARMS AND DAIRIES
150 haymakers, run mowers.. $1 25 to $1 75 day
10 header wagon drivers and harvest hands..
48 teamsters and farmers, orchards, ranch
and vineyards $26, $30, $35 and $40
Farmer and wife, $S5; 27 choremen " and boys,
$15 to $30.. : .....;
43 milkers, cheese and butter makers.'.. .....$35
MISCELLANEOUS.
Man to drive delivery, work In country store,
$30; 5 fruit pickers,. $30; 10 stablemen, buggy
washers and hostlers. $30, $35 and $40,; 2 young
men for machine shop. $1 50 day; Catholic
dairy man, ¦ institution; 5. crosscut sawyers,
free f are . . .' . ;
. HOTELS..... LAUNDRIES .....BAKERIES
Second bread baker, country. $15 wk>, half
fare paid; C bakers, $40 and $50: head waiter,
country hotel: marker and distributor; polish-
er Tyler machines, $35 and found; laundry
man, country hotel; cooks, orchards; ranch,
hay and harvest crews; cook, $50; 4 butchers;
kitchen help, etc. ' _"-"•.'
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S .104 Geary st.
For New Railroad Work I....
50 teamsters, ship to-night, free fare, Truckee
60 laborers, ship to-night, free fare, Truckee
100 tunnelmen. drillers and muckers.. $2, $2 60
For Chatsworth Park, ship to-night, free fare
E0 laborers, ballasting track. Coast road....
Laborers. Santa Barbara and L. A. divisions
Ship to-night ..Free fare Ship to-night
50 teamsters, ship daily, free fare...... Ukiah
Eu laborers, ship dally, free fare ...Ukiah
•6 lumber pliers, country sawmill, $35 and
bo.ird. see boss here; 10 swampers and bark-
ers, $35; 10 laborers for a mine, $2 a day;
6 asphalt miners, $2 a day; blacksmiths, $3
and $2 E0 a day; 6 coopers, slack work; gar-
dener, good greenhouse man, country, $35 and
found; farmers, milkers, choremen and
others.
.HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
Roast cook, country hotel, $70; third cook and
fryer, resort, $50 and fare paid; broiler and
third cook, country hotel, $50" second cook
and baker, resort, $50; second cook, country
hotel, $35 nnd fare advanced; waffleman,
country hotel, $40; potwasher, country hotel,
$33; potwasher, springs, $25; second cooks,
fryers and broilers, $65, $60 and $50; assistant
silvcrman, country hotel, $25.
Head waiter for grill room, hotel, north,
$75; waiter for club, country, $40; 6 waiters,
country hotels, $30 and $25; assistant porter,
springs. $20; indoor servant, $30 to $35.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— 2 WAITERS for a ' railroad camp. $25 and
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
AT the CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AG'CY.
59 Third st ; phone Bush 405.
E0 railroad laborers. $1 75 to $2 25 per day.
Free Fare! Free Fare! Free Fare!
10 men for mills and; woods, free fare.
4 redwood tlemakers,' lie free -fare.
4 men to cut wood, pine, 4 ft, $1 25 per cord.
4 men to make posts, $3 per hundred.
8 lumber pliers,- $35 to $40 per mo. and board
5 rough carpenters, $2 60 per day.
10 men for harvest fields, $2 per day.
10 men for haying, $1 25 to $2 per day.
20 laborers,' rear city, $2 per day.
10 laborers, $14 per week, steady job.
Teamsters, drillers, $2 25 per day.
Office open to-day (Sunday) till 11 a. m.
GARDENER, $40 and board; man about place.
$30 . and board ; choreman, $2C and $30 and
found; farmers, $25, $35 and $1 25 day; butter
and cheese maker, ?50 and found: milkers,-
. $30 and $35 and found: driver for milk wagon.
$35 and found; boy for store, $4 week; and
.others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento 6t.
10 CONCRETE workers, $2 St) day: 75 railroad
laborers. $1 75 day, free fare: 10" teamsters,
$2 day, free fare; 10 drillers, $2 25, free fare;
quarrymen and laborers, $2 day; 10 laborers
for placer mine, ?2 day; and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Fifty laborers, • R. R.' work, free
fare; 25 laborers for mills and woods, . fare
paid; 25 woodchoppers; 20 laborers, near city,
$2 day; CO teamsters for R. R. work, -free
fare: numerous others on hand. S. F. EM-
PLOYMENT OFFICE. 323 Kearny st.
A — MAN and wife, flrst-class cook and gar-
dener, for country. $S0. 1 MRS. M. E. DAY,
,335 Geary st. ¦ , . ¦
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
• meets to-night. S:30, 32 O'Farrell I. Less. Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
¦ Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED for U. S. Army— Able-bodied un-
marrled men between ages of 21 and 35; citi-
zens of United States, of good character an'd
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer. 121 New Montgomery st.,
San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED- Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
lesn'than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch, able to read and speak English. For
further Information apply to the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis Ft.. San ; Francisco. ,.
WANTED— Reliable man for lisrht Indoor com-
mission business: must be satisfied with $75
per month to start; must have $150 cash.
Apply at 25 Geary St., room*l. ¦ ,
SAILORS, ordinary sepmen.' Carpenters, green
hands: all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26
Steuart St." ' . .
A YOUNG man who has had experience in sell-
ing hats: state salary and references. Ad-
drsss box 4293, Call offlce. • :
PANTS and ¦ vest maker ¦ for country. Apply
REISS BROS, 24 Sutter st. ' .
.WANTED— Reliable young man with some
cash: $10 month; no experience. 496 Fourth.
SHOEMAKER on repairing. 25S2 Folsom st. *
WANTED— Strong boy. to work In store. HEN-
RY KAHN & CO... 642 Market St.
VEGETABLE man wanted. Park Hotel IS
"Turk st. : ¦ .
DISHWASHER at . Potrero Hotel, 301 Twenty-
second st. ; S25 and , found. '
BOOTBLACK wanted at 143 Larkln st
BARfliER every afternoon. . Saturday and Sun-
day: wages $8 50. . 1322 Stockton St..
DISHWASHER. 416 Third "st.
WANTED— Dishwasher. < E00 Twentieth st
Troy- Hotel. • , : - . • '
PANTS finishers; steady work. S58 Howard st.
over : handball court . . " . . *
WANTED— Barber, Immediately at 1318 Per-
alta St.. cor. Seventeenth, Oakland.' , />.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1S22 Kentucky st.
WANTED— A young man between the age of
16 and IS years as stock clerk. Apply at S "
N. WOOD & cp.-. 718 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS jewelry salesman fer city store
(open evenings) ; . must understand diamonds -
state previous experience; a Kocd. permanent
¦position to right man. Box 4231. i Call 'of flee."
ALL sizes men's shoes. 'slightly damaged" half
. price. 562 Mission st.. bet. . m and , 2d sts.. •
¦ FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted. BELASCO
6 HARRIS CO... 541 Market st: I - :
A ¦ GOQD . bread baker; must ¦ be flrst-class on
bench work. --- Box 4279," Call , offlce. ¦ ' .- ¦. -• ,
PORTER for restaurant nnd bakery ; ' a ' good,'
sobt.r, ; steady . Box ? 4278, i Call : office. ;
BOY. wanted. • 174 Townsend :st. " .
WANTED— Operators. Apply S. N.' WOOD &
CO.. 718 Market st.,- .i - . i; y ; '.*---:¦
WANTED-^Experleneed lunchman; call between
.. 10 and 11 a.m. ; 90 Third St.; - .,
200 ;MEN"~to buy suits made to order,"' $1- per
week.' -A. ;B." SMITH CO.y 123 Ellis st. ¦
"WANTED— Live : canvassers."" "WILEY "; B. AL-
: .LEN;CO., ¦¦¦{ 933 Market •st:ijK.#>'f;
WANTED— Men to learn' barber trade; $60
monthly paid, our ' graduates; two months
completes; more calls for our barbers than
' we can supply; tools presented; wages Sat-
¦ urday«; diplomas granted; busy season now;
' call or write for our special offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay at.
WANTED at Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciation, foreman, second and third bread
bakere; also confectioner*; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st. . >
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; ?5c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. 81 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS,
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R.. room 40, Phelan. bldg.. 806 Market.
McDONALD & PERRY have'SOO pairs second-
¦ hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. S62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard St.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order." NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys..
¦ Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 316.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 23c night; reading-rooms; free
. 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HORSES AKD WAGOHS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcad.j Horse .Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. .
$110 — FAMILY bay. mare, buggy and harness,
nearly new. 130 Second ave., near Calif or-
nla et . _ . , ¦
THOROUGHBRED Shetland ponies for sale
cheap. JOHN F. ENGLISH & CO.. Clay and
¦Davis, or 325 Sutter St.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
BAY horse. 15-3; 1100 pounds; good driver sin-
gle or double. 1715 Sacramento st. "
40 HEAD work and driving horses. 7a How-
ard . st. '
CAMPING wagons to let or sale; gentle sad-
dle Dony wanted for girl. 1603 Geary st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wasron. single: also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HORSES WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on. scraper Job; four
or five months* work. Apply at 26 Montgomery
¦ St.. room 25.
* HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
6 ROOMS and bath; 14 Reed St.; yard and base-
ment; $15. Apply 1325 Washington st.
$9— COTTAGE 5 rooms; garden: sunny. 1121
Filbert St.. rear, near Hyde. \
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
MODERN 8 rooms for the summer; rent $50.
Apply or write 521 Capp St.
COMFORTABLY furnished house of 9 rooms
and bath: centrally located. Box 4261. Call.
HOUSES WASTED.
A— WANTED— A furnished cottage or house
in San Rafael or vicinity for a couple of
months. Apply CR. HANSEN & CO., 104
• Geary st. " "¦'¦": - J .-
WANTED — Lodging-house. 10 or 12 rooms; price
¦ $200 to $250: $30 cash, balance $10 month. Box
4294. Call offlce. t
WANTED— A cottage of 5 or 8 rooms and stable
of 4 stalls and large yard: In Mission or
Western Addition. Apply 2457 Folsom st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Plain gold band ring- with raised set-
ting of initials VM. F." Return to 719 Mar-
. k*t St.; liberal reward. , . "-." :
LOST— Pocketbook containing nugget chain with
small ring charm and cash, or. ferry Pied-
mont or bet. ferry and Broadway: liberal re-
ward to finder. CALDWELL. 824 Mission.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MARY J. RYAN, 'No. 1S2-1090. The
finder will please return to bank. ,
LOST— A pass book with The Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San - Francisco, in tha
name of ESTHER POWERS. No. 229-633.
The. finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with The Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JOHN BIX1JY. No. 77-764. The find-
er will please return to bank.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
.MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 313-320 Eleventh St.;
telephone South 792.
_______ _„
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly: I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; . the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
. derful. simple, sure remedies ever known for
Indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
'troubles ot male, and female sexual organs;
treat yourself: be your own doctor; 4. months'
suppository * treatment. $4; send stamp for
circulars. 1126 Market st.. S. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT, that Is guaranteed to give In-
stant relief for all female complaints: the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale" a.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market, ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice: all cases treated
¦ by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
.' guaranteed at offlce; patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market, bet.
6th & 7th— Expert specialists: well known and
reliable; 25 yrs' experience: treatment guarnt'd
I to give instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent" specialists; consult free.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
• complaints or money returned: ray regulator
never falls: the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain: best cure: fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market, nr. Ma?on.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 26 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office: any aliment: home, before and during
confinement. 942 Post." bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. POPPER, female specialist: no pills or
medicine used. 1514 Devisadero St.. nr. Geary.
T.' DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & Flllmcre.
MINES AND - MINING. '
DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c, 5c and
¦ 10c per share; send for. prospectus. Padflc
States Mining and Investment Co. 326 Post St.
WELL 'developed, paying Alaska', mines: -ex-
chaneed for property or business. 303Vi Turk.
MISCELLANHC US— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, M-liand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
•second-hand: we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits or. hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
. in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission. St.. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
A— 4-SIDED. 3-slded, 2-slded, 1-sided sticker;
all in good, order; cheap. H. ¦ S. WHITE,
516 Mission , st. :
A — BUYS. • sells or rents • gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water p'pes, shaftings, pulleys,
. etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.. .
SECOND-HAND machinery of all, kinds
bought, sold, rented - and exchanged. H. S.
"WHITE. 516 Mission it.
A— $3.50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1.73. Popu-
! lar. Price Hatters, 330: Kearny St.. near Pine.'
FINE suits. $10; drees pants. $2 75. ~ MISFIT
• CLOTHING PARLORS, , 437 Montgomery st. '
MANUFACTURING plant. . 3 months In use,
¦ must be sold at once. . 2020 Market st. -
FINE old ¦; master vloltn, • unredeemed pledge,
$18. Plaza Loan; Offlce. 702 Kearny st. -
ONE ', 4-hbrse-power >' Covey - engine:' one 2*4-
, ¦ horse-power • Hercules ; ; bargain. . 910 . Kearny.
ENGINES r.nd boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. . BURKE. 130 Beale st.
MANUFACTURING plant,* 3 months in use;
¦ must be sold at once.". 2020 Market st. ¦
; FAIRBANKS' 10-ton j hay scale: jeweler's steel
lined, safe/. perfect* order. .-¦: 216 California st.
$4S 10x12 UNIVERSAL outfit." new, $C2 50. 1CD
Montgomery * st. ¦ " f_B_B|_tHnERMM— WHS
GASOLINE engines. • Id-hand. • and other ma-
chinery bought and sold. , Epstein, 533 Mission.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE— Con.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxcnn". I
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office, _> Stockton st. - " * f .
lanterns, new and !d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post aU
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
S 4T?T^T4 fe , w 4H d second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-1U Market st.. San Fran.
;. \ ; MISCGLLANEOCS WANTS.
WANTED— In perfect condition, set Bancroft'!
Works, 39 volumes, library binding or full mo-
rocco Address DOXEY'S, 15 East Seventeenth
st.. New York.
TILTON wants 2nd-hand clothing, especially
skirts, street dressea. 154 9th; tel. Folsom 25221
HIGHEST prices paid for old gold and dia-
monds. Plaza Loan Office. 702 Kearny st.
MOSEY TO LOAJT.
A^K)NEY~trToa_~aT^^
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc • do
not borrow of your friends or you win'loa*
.their friendship; do business with stra ngers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay- no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market it!
IF YOUR PROPERTY — — —
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. .MURPHY
630 Market st. Loans on estates In probate*
undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
gages, ' etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; Srat
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.'
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mortgages.
- undivided interest, real estate In probate:
mortgages and legacoies bought; no delay; get
my terms before doing business elsewhere. R
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st.. room 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
>t.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third »„
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money-
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 63.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J.HESTHAL. 10- Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds. •
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture: $T> a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. .6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages: no lndorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY, 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309. Phelan Bldg.
$100,0C0 TO loan on- real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St., room 2. I
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
MOJTEY WANTED.
! ~ 1
OUR. clients demand we make loans for them,
and offer 6 per cent Interest upon flrst-class
securities only. West Coast Investment Co.,
Phelan building. '
' MUSICAL rXSTIUJMEXTS. "
ALL standard makes can be had at our es-
tablishment; new and slightly used bargains
are:
1 Heine fover 3000 In use here> $325
1 Hallet-Davls; price $GSO; now 285
1 Steinway: price $575; now 1S3
7 Chickerlngs $115 to 265
5 Schaeffers; new 145
And 50 other uprights more used from $03 to
$150: rents $2 up allowed on purchase: we
handle all makes; agents for "famous Hal-
let- Davis, Heine, etc.; agents and live sales-
man wanted. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary
st. Note— Should you desire to exchange the
piano purchased for a Hallet-Davia or any
other American make at any time within
three years you will be allowed the full pur-'
chase price. • '. -
WE offer 2 Smith & Barnes uprights at 5223
each: used less than 6 months: good as new.
. 1 fine walnut Arlington, $175.
1 small French upright. $75.
.1 Packard upright. In beautiful burl walnut
case. $300. ¦
1 Baby Decker ft Son walnut upright, $275,
and many others of equal desirability.
Call or address THE ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
ir CO. rr.ay be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or babv grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price nllo-w-d. New upright pianos. $8 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
rts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth at.. Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
314 Post St., opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our oM stock at greatly reduced prlc*?.
JAS. KEUFFE, 314 Post St., between iiiock-
ton and Powell. ¦ "' •
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and fuii purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at ¦ regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from. ua. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell St.; ostabllshed 1850. .
A LIST of flne second-hand bargains— 1 Emei-
son. 1 HallPt *• Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling $75. $125. $145. etc. : I easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell . st.
Chlckering. Vose. Sterling Agency; als&
Apollo, king of self-players.
BARGAIN? — Clearance sale "bargains ; unright
planes. $73 and upward; Steinway. Knabe.
Emerron. Hartmnn and others; squares. $10
up. URUENN. 2C3 Post st.
OUR special sale of high-grade pianos con-
tinued to June 13: terms easy: don't miss It.
DEWING CO.. 13 Flood building.
SOHMER & Co.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Lester.
Hamilton and Splelm.ann pianos. ByronMauzy.
303 Post. . . . .
WANTED-Ten square piano* for country
schools. BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post st.
FINE large upright piano: also , folding-bed;
- great sacrifice. 324 Golden Gate ave.
AN uprliht piano: must be sold: owner leav-
lng. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st. .
CLOSING out stock of pianos; prices reduced
one-half. W. C. HAMILTON. S Flood bldg.
LUDWIG pianos the most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. general agents. 933 Market st.
$3 per month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes at.' ,
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer, upright. 217
• Geary St.. room 38.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mo
Allister st. i .
AT WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a sons:.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
PCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Banlc
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac<*.
OFFICES AND STORKS TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS bunding, 9r? Market St.—
Sunny o'fices. $13 to $20: usual services.
: •-"'- ' Oil*.
BEST oil land- in the State: enormous pro-
ducers around us: a fortune In our stocks: we
know It. will prove It. by giving you negotla-
1 >ble bond: bears 3 per, cent Interest: guarantees
I your stock against any loss: you can't lose;
pilt edge references: call, write, investigate.
Paxton Gold Bond Oil Co.. 318 Kearay st.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company:
" operating on 2120 acres of oil land in nm«
districts. Offlce, 23 and 24 ¦ Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— La?<t chance at 10c: Mg advanc*
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co.. 3^ Post Open eveaings.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
' OIL LANDS.
OIL lands fnr sale or lease In ail parts of the
¦•; State. We can furnish you with lands In the
. best localities If you are looking for land*
cr wish to Invest in stocks of the 'leading oil
companies rail on us before going elsewhere.
' SHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
P4IXTEH9 AND DECORATORS.
— ~~. — . — — . :_ —
WALL paper, window shades: rooms papered $3
up. Jensen & Bath, 308 Sixth; open evenings.
WE paper parlors or rooms from $3 up: paint-
lng done. 319 Third st, \ Hartman Paint Co.
PAPER-HANGINO. house painting: good reli-
able work. Clark's. 808 Larklnrtel. Larkln !C6->.
PIiySIOGMOXY. '
SCIENTIFIC" delineations of character by fa_
or photo." Mary O. Stanton. 310 Leavenworth-
verbal read g, $1; printed chart. J2 50; le«oi_GREAT DREDGER
NOW OPERATING
Nearly- as Big as Jliyer
; Steamer and Very
Costly. ;
Prospects Favorable ; for a
Good Season ; Upon
; ; Mother Lode.
The largest gold dredger -In the United
States has Just . begun to operate in the
Oroville dredging • field. .It is so remark-,
able in several' ways that, although allu
sion has been made to, it before, it will
justify some further statement of facts ,
concerning it. ¦, ;¦ '
The.hullJs eighty-six feet long, thirty
feet wide and seven feet deep and it
weighs, without-any 'machinery, 1 approxi
mately 135 tons. ¦ The machinery weighs i
about 130 tons additional. It is the prop
erty of the Boston and ' Oroville Gold
Dredging Company. It is working .west
of the river, in South Thermalito, about
two and one-Half miles west from, Oroville.
The apparatus will work at a depth . of
thirty-five -feet below the surface and at
tacks tailings to the height of thirty feet
above the surface.: Electricity is the mo
tive _power, from the Butte County electric
power-house on Butte Creek. The cost of
handling the material is estimated to be
about four cents per cubic yard or even
less. Sight men are employed as the crew.
Four other dredges are to be built for the
Bame company by .the Risdon Iron Works
of this city. ;
New Smelter Working. .
The first copper blocks have been turned
out by the new smelter- at De Lamar, in
Shasta County. A road has been graded
so that bullion can be loaded for hauling.
The works are running smoothly, accord-
Ing to the local accounts. ¦„ ¦ ¦ .
The Redding, Free - Press renews the
rumor that the Mountain Copper Com
pany will get the Balaklala mining prop
erty. The Balaklala management recently
purchased a group of thirty-two claims
located in the Flat Creek district, which
have been held for many . years by the
Murrays, Ellis and Willett. C. A. ..Malm
is at the head of the Balaklala Company.
• The smelting works at the Needles may
be. sold. • Negotiations are pending. The
Philadelphia and Arizona ; Mining Com
pany has been negotiating for the prop
erty. I Several mining claims are owned by
this Eastern concern. If the deal for the
purchase of the- smelter goes 'through
thero is a fair chance that mining in that
'district may be revolutionized. The aim
will be to secure all the fluxing ores from
the Chloride district. A proposition is also
made to put on . freight wagons between
Chioride and Kingman, a distance of
twenty miles. This is expected to reduce
the cost of transportation, which is $3 10
per . ton by rail. The Waliapai Mining
Company is back of the proposition for
the new freight route. The company owns
the Tennessee mine and other large prop
erties. The management of that com
pany is reported to have entered into a
contract with the owners of the freighting
teams in that district, the letter agreeing
to haul ore at a stipulated price for one
year Other companies have signified that
they will follow this lead.
The stockholders of the St. John Quick
silver Mining Company have elected P. B.
Lynch president and treasurer, D. J.
Vogelmann vice president, A. A. Tregidgo
general manager and J. A.' Harvey secre
tary and attorney. These officers, with
James Cline, compose the board of direc
tors. The annual report 'of the manage
ment to the stockholders shows that in the
past two years $12,500 has been expended
in the work of cleaning and retimbering
the tunnel, which had. caved in during the
twe/ity-one years that it has been in dis
use. .
On the Mother Lode;
The past week, so says the Stockton
Independent, has been a busy time on the
mother lode. Large quantities of ore are
coming up to the surface and the stamps
are dropping by the hundreds all along
the lode. Another rain storm has filled
the reservoirs to overflowing while some
additional snow has fallen In the high
Sierras. This has been one of .the most
favorable mining .seasons of several
years. The rain and the snow fell at
intervals and the" reservoirs were kept
full all the time and very little of the
water has gone to waste, much less than
in former years, when the storms oc
curred less favorably.
At the Oneida mine, in Amador County,
there are constantly dropping sixty
stamps, each weighing 1200 pounds. They i
are propelled by a 150 horse-power elec
tric motor. About 300 tons of ore crushed
in* the mill is the daily record. The mill
is one of the largest and most perfect in
the State.
The Pacific, Indiana and Phoenix min
ing properties at Plymouth have passed
into the possession "of Alvinza Hay ward
by virtue of a judgment obtained eigh
teen months ago; so says the Amador
Ledger. . •
| The International Mining Congress is
about to, meet. : The dates for. the session
are July 23, 24 and 25. The place is Boise
City, Idaho. The miners from. the south
ern portion of California have arranged
for an exhibit of minerals produced in
this" State to be carried to Boise. Three
large cases of samples are packed -for
forwarding when the time comes. Twen
ty-five persons from Los Angeles are ex
pected to attend the deliberations of the
¦ congress. . The programme of •"• exercises
closely. , resembles those' of , preceding
events of the same general nature, in
cluding the discussion of many prac
tical subjects touching upon and directly
related to the mining industry..
Officers Are Elected.
The Nevinsville Mining Company has
elected the following officers: • James T.
Hallett, president; ¦ G. JP. Rixford, secre
tary; A. Van der Naillen general
manager; A. L. Shelf ord, superintendent.
The last named officer recently went
from this city to the mine owned by the
company at West Branch Butte, in Ore
gon, to begin operations there. ¦
The Golden Key Mining Company re
ports the election of the following offi
cers: F. A. Wallin, president; P. West
water, vice president; Charles Cowherd,
secretary and 'treasurer; A. W. McQueen,
A. E. Shaw, C. R/ Dalton and L. M.
Sherwood, directors. The property of the
company Is in Tuolumne County,' south
from Chinese Camp. .
The Siskiyou Hydraulic Mining Com
pany is about" ready to start to work sev
eral claims.: "The Scott Valley Advance
says that when the Wild Cat property is
fitted up: the company will .have one of
the largest hydraulic outfits of any com
pany in the northern part of the State.
A sawmill is -turning out lumber as fast
as possible, and supplies are coming in
from other sources. The lack, of lumber
for the flumes .has retarded the com
pany's operations.
There has been a deal I of some size in
the Yreka Mining and Milling Company
at -Salmon 'River. Judge O'Neill has sold
out a one-twelfth interest in the property
for $10,000, according to ; the Yreka Jour
nal. A company is -arranging to place a
dredger upon ¦ McAdams" Creek . to handle
the bedrock gravel rof, the; stceam. - v
Operations in Nevada.
The Carson Appeal says that any one
who supposes- that Nevada Is played out
as a. mining field would do well to look
around,- for in all sections there J are evi
dences i of mining . activity, add . nearly,
every county in the State. is having pros
perous times in \ mining. Says -, the Ap
peal: ; :•. - -.•" , ;;: '¦ : .-¦JJ]-f-'* ...-.- ¦¦'
Morrison ' Fellows, who hasbeen working In
and around the smelting works and mines near
Yerington," returned ' to ' Carson '. Sunday. He
says that- the . company* operating, ig working
"everything on a'.big. scale, i It takes 160 tons of
ore to run the works twenty-four hours and the
way they are turning out metal Is a . wonder.
The matte Is not , refined at ¦ the . works, but j is
'sent below. ~ The copper, as incomes; from the
furnace Is worth $400 per ; ton.; It looks , more
like iron than copper, vbut evidently carries the
value, I as I the company | operating : is . satisfied
with the results.- One •' hundred . and twenty
five men are employed at the mine and smelter.
The; work at r the mines , is thorough. ' ; ;
* Lloyd Damrbn of Phoenix.has'beentell
ins the Los . Angeles people that Ithere is
a demand for .the. garnets that are; found
in - Arizona. ¦ ¦ A company; according to
Damron, is being "formed to; operate in
the northern part of Arizona, where there
are - garnet i deposits. l - The locality J is '¦¦ on
the I desert." The stones . are ' dark red. '•.¦¦¦••;
* The El Dorado '.Republican s. says the
Shaw *: mine ¦' is 1 shut down : and 1 that the
appearance Is that the' suspension is per
manent. ; The ledge was not ; as good as
was • expected r and ' . the 'rock - was very
hard. "'—• . - 1 ' '.": ¦¦¦'¦¦'¦,V: : :.. ".:. - " : :-' -
v . instated: / ;,
SALINA, Kan3.| June 9.— A committee
representing "the students of the Kansas
."Wesleyan University, who : are ; a unit In
defense of Dr. Frank D. Tubbs, professor
of natural science, dismissed last week
because of alleged heresy, has issued a
manifesto denouncing the board of trus
tees for "duplicity, and unfairness.'.' -. The
board has agreed to/ allow Dr. Tubbs a
hearing next week, but still positively ; re
fuses to reinstate him. The Incoming ju-'
nlor - and senior, classes." still seem deter
mined to . carry ' out . their threat to . leave
the university if the trustees do not-ac
cede to their; demands. ' •¦•: ¦¦¦¦¦-¦.-,'.
Threaten to^Leave the Institution
.^ Unle^B Professor Tubba Is "Re-
STUDENTS iSENOITlfCE
TJUIVEiBrSITY TBtTSTEES
-, Sugar " exists - In •" the •- sap or .-; leaves ¦ of
nearly. 200 different kind of trees. 1 ,
HOTEL" "ABBIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
6 Gottlieb. N Y\ .
W.S Porter, Los Ang.
B B Ellis, Hanford
G A i Graff. Los Ang
J ' Schwartz, ' Chicago
Miss Rosenfeld, Boston
Miss E Rosenfeld,'
"Boston* ' ' .- ¦
J. Harmon, Chicago '
W H Russell. , Denver
A B Hill, Pasadena
A K Little, Los Ane -
S Umsted, Ohio '
L ¦ S Hirsch, , San Jose
M F Brown, ' Kan City
R B Canfleld,' S Barbra
B H Wheeler, .Reno . .
Mrs F S Cressy. Mo
desto ". ,
A Baum Jr. Germany
A Frowein, Germany . . .
R W Morse. /Watsonv
Mrs C "W Waldron. Cal
E A de : Haven & w,
Chlcaeo .
AMeyerhelm, NT
A S Bond. Ind - ¦
R V Ellis. Hanford
L> Slass, Louisville
Mrs L Bradhand. Ky
D Bruck, Louisville
C W Treslow &.w, NT
R B Taft, Boston
J .. W.:. Kiley. , San Jose -
GRAND. HOTEL.
H T Duff. Los Ang :
Mrs J.Dunn, Los Ang;
L S Poland, • San • Joae
H D Ramsdell. Portld
C W Knox & W, Cal
A Rhoades & w. Cal.
Miss M Hucklnfl. Cal
RHertng& w/.N-T- '
Mrs J P.Pone.i d. Pa
C K Wimblgler. Phlla
E Blood. Philadelphia I
J ; B ': Seykora, . Ukiah • -
H D Klrcheval, Cal
H Demmick. \ Vallejo f.
C B -Weil,- .'Arizona
O' P -Bates,- Oakland <•'
W D Downier.B C
¦ S Rummelsburgv, Colus
, P Plrky & w, i Colusa ; *
A- A Andrews, , Biggs
J A McCarthy. . Fresno
A DiclAnan.- Watsonvlll
S N Laughlin.-Cal •
J C Vierra, Moss Ldg
AC" Presley. Racine
W.M Hunt,- San Jose
W McCall/.San Jose
C H Delta,' NT •-
X>r yv R Jones & w.Cal
Mrs C L'Josselyn & ch,
San Diego ' -• ;
Mrs E BlundelUR I
Miss M Slocum. R I -
J . Davenport." Los • An g
J Jennlson &>w, Minn
W L; Parks &w..Wyo
H M Corlette. Loa Ang
Misa O Butler.* Fresno
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, eJTJNE 10, 1901.
9
AUCTION SALES!
¦ IMPORTANT I ANNOUNCEMENT !
{¦'¦. BASCH AUCTiO.S CO. Inc.,
319-321 Sutter st.. bet. Grant ave. and Stock- \
¦ • • ton st. Telephone Grant 87. . i
, -WEST ' COAST FURNITURE CO.- (Inc.)
- * (L. & E. Emanuel.)
ARE POSITIVELY. GIVING UP THEIR RE- !
TAIL DEPARTMENT, AND WE HAVE BEEN
INSTRUCTED TO ' SELL ' .WITHOUT RE-
SERVE ' '
TrilS DAY (MONDAY) and TUESDAY
AT 11 A. M., " 'Z\
On Premises, 432-440 Fourth Street,
ALL THE HIGH-GRADE FURNITURE. "
BEDDING AND UPHOLSTERY, consisting ot
30 of the finest Sideboards, costing from $60
to - $250 to ' manufacture. ¦
' 15 Oak and ¦ Walnut Extension ' Tables, 12
dozen Chairs, Leather ' Couches and Arm
Chairs, 40 Massive Bedroom Suits, ranging
from S50 to ?200.
.' 35 Massive Oak Hatracks, made by the most
skillful mechanics. • .
China Closets, Bookcases, Parlor and Library
Tables,, Folding Card Tables. Bed- -Lounges,
Overstuffed .parlor Upholstery.
. Leather Chairs, about 200 Frames, for Up- '
holstering. Chiffoniers, Desks, 25 Top Mat- 7
tresses, and many other articles too numerous 1 ;
to mention. . •. *•% • ".
¦ We call the attention of the public, especial- :
ly of. those ¦who can appreciate fine goods, to
this sale, as you may never get another chance j
to get such goods at your own price. >:•'¦]
L. & E. Emanue! have a gilt-edged reputa- j.
tion as high-class manufacturers and are mak- j
ing this sacrifice to give up their retail busl- |
ness. ¦ - ¦ S.' BASCH. Auctioneer.- I
, BAXLWAT TBAVBH , -|
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
. After June 3, and during the
summer, this train will run
semi-weekly, leaving San Fran-
cisco at 9:0!) a. m. Mondays
. and Ihursdays, arriving at
Chicago 2:15 p. m. Thursdays
and Sundays.
No other train compares
with it for beauty or perfec- .
tion of service.
QflMTft FP -
ynii I ft I l
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of the Chief En-
gineer, Division of the Philippines, Manila,
P.' I., March 1, 1901— Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at. Manila. P. I., will
be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m., August 1. 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to be dono Includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap, 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry in breakwaters, about 5,000,-
COO cubic yards of dredging and a pile bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredglntr In mud, sand
and shells to a depth <¦: thirty feet. Dredged
material to .be used for reclaiming land.
Bids must be' accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) in gold.
One contract will be made for the whole
work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
of tl;e' amount bid. The right is reserved to
reject any or all bids. For specifications and
¦ blank forms apply to this office. Bureau of
Insular Affairs, Washington. D. C. ; United
Etates Engineer Offices at New York. Chi-
cago and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDLE,
Captain, Engineers.
BORN.
GREENFIELD— In this city. June 3, 1901, to
the wife of F. H. Greenfield, a daughter.
KELLOGG— In Oakland, Cal.. June 9, 1901, to
the wife of Sheldon Ingalls Kellogg Jr., a
¦on.
ROBERTSON— In this city. May 31, 1901, to
the wife of John Robertson, a son.
VON DER MEHDEN— June 9, 1901, to the wife
of Richard von der Mehden, . a son.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offloea and h<*
In-Iorsed with the name and residence at per.
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BARRY— MORSE— In this city. May 28, 1901,
at the Grand Hotel, by the Rev. Dr. H. II.
Bell; Dr. William Taylor Barry of Salinas,
Cal., and Julia Victoria Morsa of London,
England.
BINNING— CLARK— In this city. May 1. 1901,
by the Rev. Dr. H. H. Bell, Charles E. Bin-
ning of Woodland, Yolo County,- Cal., and
Emma E. Clark of Winters, Yolo County,
Cal.
DETHLEFSON— ERZGRABER— In this city
June 5, 1901, by Dr. H. H. Bell, Albert Deth-
lefson and Laura Mae Erzgraber of Salinas.
Cal.
GARRATT— PRITCHARD— In this city. June
1. 1901, by the Rev. Dr. H. H. Bell, Nicholas
Wilson Garratt and Alice C. Pritchard.
HAMLEY— MILLS— In this city. May 16. 1901,
by the Rev. Dr. H. H. Bell. Henry T. Ham-
. ley and Bessie M. Mills, both recently from
Honolulu.
HOHL-TEULLNER-In thi3 city, June 2,
1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Jakob Adolph
Hohl.and Marie Llna Tcullner.
LEAL-LOW-In this city, June 6, 1901, by the
Rev. Dr. H. H. Bell.^-John S. Leal of Alva-
rado, Alameda County, and Jean Low'of San
Francisco.
MCDONALD— RISCON— In this city. June 5,
1901. at the Cathedral Mission, William J.
McDonald and Emily Riscon.
MISSBACH— HILZINGER— In this city, June
9, 1901. by the Rev. J. Fuendelinir, Ernst
Albin Missbach of St. Helena, Cal., and
Maria Barbara Hilzlnger of San Francisco.
WILHELMY— BLANKEN— In this city, June
8. 1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Max Wil-
helmy of. Napa, Cal., and Mrs. Augusta
Blanken of San Francisco.
WITTHONNE— LOUIS— In this city, June 5,
1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, William R.
; Witthonne and Minnie Louis.
MABRIED.
PALMISTRY. |
H. JEROME FOSSEirLlTsclermnc pahnTst 513
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 5S1.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
* rvajlinRj lessons in class and private. C17 Jones.
MRS. wa. McMAXUS. scientific palmist. 1143
Market. 10 to 5; residence 731 Guerrero st.
I'WVSICIAXS AM) SUIltiEONS.
D^, C ;. C t,°.'^ N "^^ L< "-^^^^i^ s WerIc^
io:i t Market Et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases cf the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Kills.
PERSONALS.
WHY THROW YOUR LIFE AWAY ? ? ?
Going -without sleep and turning yourself into
a nervous, irritable wreck; all nervous and
mental diseases cured; sleep assured; hallu-
. einations dispelled. DR. VAN L.ANDEGHEM,
*CS Geary sU; tel. Brown SO; hours. 10 to 4.
A— IF your hair Is falllnp or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 488 Geary St.. and you
win not be disappointed: this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to alt
parts of the world; call or eend for circular.
A WOMAN on exhibition, old and wrinkled on
one side of face, other side made smooth and
youthful by expert specialist in charge. Call
N. Y. Inst Dermatology. 105 Ellis, r. 20-21. S.F.
ELECTRIC licht In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to XI DO per night; $1 50 to *6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
51 WEEKLY— Suits to order from Kenuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress salts, $20 up; ele-
*r&nt overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron beds. -slnKle. three-quarter
or double. $* 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
FOR sale — Automobile, steam: about 1000 miles
of use. T. B. ROEBE, 2 Waller St.
Ladlos' and Rents' cast-off elothinfj bought and
gold. J. Silverman. SS4 Folsom : tel. Folsom 113L
LADIES' tailor suits made to order: reasonable.
S. KRAMER. Ladies' Tailor. 220 Powell St.
TAILOR made suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Dunton: diseases of men only: sanitarium
639 Clay St.. cor. Kearny: consultation free.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriet Welch. 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 3. M-
c«»pt Th. and Sat.: electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
OLD pold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market st
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores pray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wltrs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SrPERFLl'Ot'S hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c; all druggists.
PILES-
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here la your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference: no chloroform,
eurgery or delay from business, and no
salves for sale. Particulars, address Ptaysi-
eian. box 19f.O. Call office. S. F- Cal.
REAL ESTATE: CITV — FOR SALE.
A. M. EPECK & CO..
667 MARKET ST.. OPP. KEARNY.
Genuine Bargains in Best Portion of City.
$55,000— Post st. corner, downtown; Eplendid
building; 60 feet front; paying 6 per
cent net.
$51,000 — Sixth-st. corner; 1»4 blocks from Mar-
ket; rents $325; fine building.
140,000— Grand investment; few blocks from Ti-
voli; modern building; leased to one ten-
ant for 5 years at $4000 per annum; only
*i cash.
$40,000 — First-st. corner; 75 feet front: whole-
sale and manufacturing district; vicin-
ity new Crocker building.
$37,500— Ellis St.. close to Taylor: new building;
one tenant: leased with security; annual
rents about $2800.
J36.CC0— Downtown Mlsslon-st. bargain; 70 feet
front; this is a rare buy; the U-rgest
lot to be had on Mission et. to-dr.y.
$23,000 — Best 'Improved; north of Market St.,
close to Geary and Grant ave.; 4-story
and basement brick building:; 40 feet
frontage; rent $170.
$15,000— Howard St., near Third; eplendld 4-story
ar.d basement structure; no better buy
to be had in this district; low rents $125.
$17,300 — Western 'Addition business property;
stores and flats on be6t street; 50-foot
lot: this is a clean investment; rents
$107.
$15,000— Sansome-st. corner; wholesale district;
35 feet frontage; rents $135.
$11,000— Modern flats; rents $140; lot 60x137:6;
. facing Golden Gate Park.
5S100— McAlllster-st. income property: near
Octavia; two frontages ; rents $S5 per
month; lot 27:6x120.
A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market street.
$1250 — FOR salo. house of 6 rooms; lot 25x100;
newly paint^-.l; nice garden; everything in
best condition C 2 East Park St.. Holly Park,
near Mlspion st.
FINE corners for business or residence;
graded, tSSt: not graded. $250; cash or In-
stallments ; near cars. Apply to 360 Jessie st.
NEW modern houses. 6 rooms; bath; on Mont-
gomery ave., near Leavenworth st. ; $2300. In-
6tallments $15 monthly: take Hyde-st. car.
FLATS on San Jose ave.; always rented; $3500.
T. J. MAY. 638 Market tsU
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market— Lists of farms and
city property for sale & exchange; send stamp.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park.
then call on W. J. GCKN. 630 California st.
REAL. ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sal*
A- RARE chance to secure farm or stock
ranch. 160 or 320 acres. Government land. In
Humboldt Co.. Cal.: ! house, bar. out-bulld-
lngs; good water. Golden West Hotel, r. 246.
BUT In Napa County: no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; writ* us for free
copy "Napa County Vitlculturlst." The, W.
A. MACKIXDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
MODERN residence, beautiful grounds, Peta-
luma. £3000; •choice residence lots. Joining
Bakersfield. SSO to $75. T. J. MAY. 638 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
free liFt. C. R- WTNFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
. ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
ROSS Valley home. 7% acres; bearing orchard;
model ii house, 10 rooms; S minutes* walk from
Ross station; very cheap. J. TUNSTEAD.
San Anselmo.
$160— ROSS Valley lots. 25x160. near Ban An-
selmo station. Apply S76 Jackson st., city.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
BRAND-NEW, pretty, cozy Eastlake cottage
fjust completed), 5 rooms, high basement; a
little rem and complete In every detail; built
for comfort and convenience; will tint In
color* to Gult buyer; modern plumbing, etone
walks, open lawn, etc.: eunny all day; bandy
to cars; not far out; to see this Is to want
It; title perfect and no mortgage; terms If
desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1108 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR PALE—
ji0.K0fi_4 blocks; E2 lots: great bargain; re-
duced to $5000; must be pold.
yjino — Five-room cottage: Iot30xl50; only $1100.
$1500 — Five-room, modern cottage; lot &?xl00
muet be sold.
Lot on Weber st.: $1000.
10 lots on Ninth st; $250 each: 30x270.
E. D. JUDD & CO..
1424 Park St.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES FOR SALE.
FOR Bale— Modern cottage, 6 rooms; bath; lot
BOxlSO. 1E1S Mozart St.. Alameda, Mastick stn.
JSERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL FJfJAT*?'. _'.
SFTE the new houses I am building In all
parts of Berkeley. W. C. MORAN V CO..
Lorln Station, and Schmidt block. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
Ji; PER month (no cash down required)- cot-
tage of 5 rooms; Funny side near San Pablo
ave.; -total only $1000: liberal discount for
cash. GEO. W- AUSTIN' & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
""OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
KLEGAKTLY furnished 5-room cottage; piano.
yard full of flowers; cheap to right parties.
17C0 Thirteenth ave.. 10 minutes" walk from
East Oakland station.
«0 WITH water; Linda Vista: 9 rooms, fur-
nished. Box 174. Oakland. Cal. . ¦
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th Lnd Franklin, Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Vl» S»o*»U«> Ferrj— Fo»t or Mvkat St.
1*0 A. M. 1 .—.WEEK DAYS...:. J }|f I' JJ*
y&zz\ - grafts
130 p.m. ' ¦ o40r.se.
230 p.m. :i; '."¦¦' . l<7:10*. M.
¦ Fare. Ska Frmnd«eo to gaaatt asd Return, II .4* '¦¦
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & Sausalito Ferry.
:/^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,'
M in Wk 629 KEABXY ST. Established
fl«SK9wJLi,, 1854 for the treatment of Privute
13 Ht-TRW Diseases. Lost Manbood. Debility or
MBCWlSaaK* disease wearingon bodyand mind and
2CtMMMlskin Diseases. T»e Doctor cures when
fall. Try him. Charges low.
S|9KK< <>rr> eonranlrrd. Call or writ*
Dr. J. **. CIKBBOK. ban Francisco. Cal.
Eugene McGinn. ' . McGINN ; BROS.
. . Funeral .Directors and Embalmers, .
,31 EDDY STREET. 1 ¦-,
Telephone , South 252. ' San Francisco.
* -" No Connection With Any Other House.' ¦
ROOMS FOR HOi;SEKEEPI\G.
ALL or part double parlors, dining-room, ;
- kitchen and bedroom; furnished; sunny cor-
ner; conveniences. The Vera, 301-S03 Polk st.
BRAXNAX. 723, alWve Sixth— 3 nicely ' f ur-
. nlshetl rooms complete for housekeeping;
cheap.
CLARA. ir>2 — 5 rooms; unfurnished; rent cheap.
CLEMENTINA. 32J — 2 well furnishe.1 sunny
housekeeping rooms for man and wife.
EIGHTH. 112— Two furnished rooms, fo.r house-
keeping; upper flat. | "
FOURTEENTH. 216 — A large sunny front room
and kitchen' furnished for housekeeping.
FULTON. 233—2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
connected; gas stove; bath; no children.
HAIGHT. 222 — Two perfectly appointed house-
keeping rooms for a couple; telephone.
EDDY, 939— A fl6or of 4 or 2 furnished rooms;
private residence; no children.
HOWARD. 923H — Nice sunny housekeeping
rooms to let; gas and bath.
HOWARD, 1545 — Furnished front or back par-
lor or both, with jise of kitchen and stove.
HYDE. 299— Large sunny rooms; will be fur-
nished complete for housekpg. : other rooms.
HYDE, 408— Sunny alcove suite complete for
housekeeping, $20;. also basement suite, $12.
HOWARD, 728 — Newly furnished housekeeping
rms.: reasonable; also eingle room, $6 month.
MINNA, 28— Housekeeping^and single rooms,
75c and SI 50 per week.
MISSION. 945— Front room and kitchen, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping.
O'FARRELL. 317— Newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas range.
POLK, 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping: $13 up: reference.
SOUTH PARK. 190—2 nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
VAN NESS. 232— Housekeeping rooms completa.
A BRANCH office for call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Et.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nforn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, S21 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms. 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; Jl 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
A— MARKET, 1049A— Kicely furnished suites,
$15 per month up; singles, $5 per month up.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 305— Nicely furnished parlor suite, or
Eingle: call after to-day; references.
EDDY. 1320— Two or three sunny unfurnished
rooms to let; cheap. _
EIGHTH 126B— A nicely furnished room; rea-
sonable; private family.
ELLIS, 732— New, elegant rooms, suits and sin-
gle; J2.50 up weekly; tourists accommodated.
GALT House. 1206 Market— Fur. rooms. Mr. &
Mrs.J.F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
HAWTHORNE, 172, nr. Harrison— Sunny me-
dium-sized room for gent; reasonable; refs.
HOTEL St. Denis (European plan), 24 Turk St.,
-nr. Market — New building, elegantly furn.;
just opened: strictly first class and up-to-date
In all appointments; Inspection invited; must
be seen to be appreciated; 75c day and up;
special rates by week or month; references.
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk and Taylor.
LARKIN. T06— 3 to 5 furnished rooms; light and
6unny; In upper flat.
LEAVENWORTH. 1521—2 large rooms furnish-
ed. $12; unfurnished, $10.
MARKET, 1027^4— Nicely furnished sunny rooms ;
terms reasonable.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms $2 a week up; 35c a' day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
METROPOLE. 6 Turk, cor. Market— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; 50c to $3 per day.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1275— Nicely furnished front or back
parlor; also one single front room.
O'FARRELL. 26— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
PERRY, 182^ — Four" eunny' rooms and bath; $12.
PIERCE, 1320, bet. Ellis and O'Farrell— Nicely
furnished back parlor; very sunny; gentle-
man rref erred. . .'
POLK, 603^ — Sunny suite and 2 other . rooms;
rent reasonable; running water and gas.
POST, 414, upper flat— Sunny furnished hall
room, for lady; $5.
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 Ellis, St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week, |1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
J8: month, $S to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN ADartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 332— The Ottington— Few choice
suites and several email rooms; cheap.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth — Fine sunny
rooms, eingle and en suite; beautiful grounds.
R0O31S AND BOARD.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service; ppoular rates. 807 California- st.
A MOST desirable 6Ulte of sunny corner fur-
nished rooms, with or without board, for 2
ladies or 2 gentlemen or married couple, or
admirably suited for doctor or dressmaking
parlors; no children; references required. 743
.Castro" st., near Twentieth. ¦- '¦
THE Roanoke, 808 Bush — New house;' newly [
furnished; 6Ultes with bath; perfect illumina-
tion; private dining apartment; elevator ser-
vice; cars to all parts of city within stone's
throw of door. .
SUNNY front room, with board, in private '
family In Western Addition; suitable for two
men or lady and gentleman. Box 4290, .Call.
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sun-
. ny eultes or single rooms; private baths; ex-
cellent table and service.
PINE, 1222 (old Raleton home)— Elegantly f ur-
nlEhed sunny rooms, en suite and single,
with board.
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel, 718 Valencia 6t.. Mis-
6lon warm belt— Good board; fine rooms;
reasonable rates ; cars pass the door. - -
PINE. 1006 (The Victor)— New management;
thoroughly renov.;' sunny suites, with bpard.
Ai>MORA Hotel. Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
gantly furnished suites or single, with board.
EDDT. 880, bet. Van Nesa and Franklin—
Handsomely furn. sunny rooms, with board.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furn.;
excellent table; special rates to tourists. V
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suites. 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional. !
SPECIAL KOTICES.
NOTICE— Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January, 1900:
Elsie Harris, age 6 years; Mary Kevill. age
8 years. ¦' ¦ ' '
BAD tenants ejected, for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room* 9-19: t*l 5580.
SEWIXC MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1515 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: op»n even. : phone TJlack 1124. 205 4th.
storage: and warehouses.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell eta.; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN "WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 841. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1*10: chipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore et.: phone Jackson 281.
TYPE1VIHTERS AM) SUPPLIES.
gIiEAtIbXrGAINS IN^YPTiwmTERS^We'
eell better machines for less money than : any
house In the city; rentals, $3, The Typewriter
Exchange. S3fi California; telephone Main 286.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for 11 week
and hnve your work in sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgmry: tel. Black 4885.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ¦
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No "iT^io" «nts
pe"r s-'harc) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Ompsny will be payable at the office of the
co»ir>any. 327 Market ft., on and after Mon-
ila?7 Juno 10, 1901; transfer books closed Mon-
day, June 3, 1301, at 3 o'clock p. ra.
E. II. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Consolidated — A dividend". No. 30.. of
. seventy-five cents (7Ec)per share . on the Is-
sued capital ' stock of the company has been
declared, payable at the office 'of. the com-,
pany." 420 California nt., San Francisco, on
June 10, 1901; transfer book* clone June 3,
1901, at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEilS I
1139 Market St.. between 8th and 9th. ' fl
Telephone' South '247. • .. ¦. g
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEilS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
.-.'•¦ Telephone South 80. .';, ,:."i
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(C^Frionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resl-
j dence, 1264 JEddy street, thence to St. Igna-
tius Church, where a solemn requiem - mass
will be ' celebrated for the. repose of his soul
at »:30 o'clock. . Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. • , • ,
LEO Assembly No.' 4, Y. M. C. U.— Members
. of the above assembly are hereby notified to
(E7"Interment at Eureka, Humboldt County,
Cal. Please omit flowers. \. , .
BANK— In this city, June 8. 1901, George J
dearly beloved husband of Bella G. Bank,
and father of Walter, Gertrude," JosepH,'
Freddie and the late George Bank a'nd Mrs.
Julia Helns of Eureka, Cal., a native of San
Francisco, aged 41 years and 21 days. A
member of Court Seal Rock No. 45, F. of A.,
and Golden Gate Chapter No. 711, American
Guild. (Eureka, Cal., papers please copy.)
' CTFriends and acquaintances and members
of above court are respectfully invited to
attend the. funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at
8:30 o'clock, from his late residence, 1208
Flllmore street, between. Turk and Eddy,
and thence to the Church of the Holy Cross,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. . Interment Holy- Cross
Cemetery- •
BRADLEY-ln this city, June 8. 1901. Alex-
ander B.. beloved «on of Bernard and the
late Elizabeth Bradley, a native of San
Francisco, aged 32 years. , . ¦ ;
BAIRD— In this city, June 8, 1901. at the resl-
¦ dence of her brother, R. A. Vance, 226 WH-
lard street, Lydla T., wife of Thomas Balrd,
and mother of J. R. and C. A. Baird, a na-
tive of New Brunswick. '
died:
Balrd, Lydla' T. ' Mullen, Jane W.
Bank. ! George J. Murray, Eugene
Bradley. Alexander • O'Neill, Margaret
Carmody, John . . Pierce Fannie
Coughlin, Michael J. Pistolesl, Harold J.
Crowley, Edward A. Rainey, Ella C. ¦
Hlmmelmann(lnfant) Ryan, Ellen
Huddleston, Julia Ryckman, Mrs. C. L
Itgen, Carl H. Schwelger (infant)
Koch (Cook), Simon Shoebridge, Frederick
McGregor, Ellen Stuart, Annie J.
Mibach. Peter :J. Williams. John
Mocabee, Bessie V. . ¦
PROPOSALS.— State Prison supplies.— Sealed
proposals will be received at the office of the
clerk at the State Prison, San Quentin, until
10:30 a. m.. Saturday, the 15th , day of June,
1901. and at the office of the clerk at , the
State Prison at Folaom, until 9:30 a. m.,
Monday, the 17th day of June, 1901, at which
times and places they will be opened In the
presence of bidders, for furnishing and deliv-
ering supplies for said prisons, consisting of
subsistence stores, forage, fuel, . fuel oil, fur-
nishing power to run the jute mill at San
Quentln, clothing, medicines, lime, cement
and other staple 6uppHes, ¦ from July 1, 1901,
to June 30, 1902, Inclusive, on conditions as
per printed schedules, which will be furnished
upon application at either of the above of-
• fices. No bid will be ccnsldered unless made
upon eald schedules, nor unless accompanied
by the certified check therein required, nor
from any other parties than bona fide dealers
In the classes of articles to be furnished.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with
a certified check upon some well known and
responsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to
R. M. Fitzgerald, president of the board,
conditioned that the bidder will enter Into
a contract upon notice of acceptance, as re-
quired by law. Bids for ejther prison must
be" marked separately. All payments made
on contracts will be paid In cash or Con-
troller's warrants. Bidders will carefully fol-
low the conditions of the schedules. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bias, as the public interest may require, and
to ordpr any quantity over or under the
amount specified. R. M. FITZGERALD,
president; F. W. REYNOLDS, acting clerk.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
t Via Sausalito Ferry.- . :-V -¦
Commencing April 28. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
: WEEK DAYS-6:55, 8:30. »9:3O, 11:00 a. m.
12:45, *1:45, S:15. 4:15. 5:15, *6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA . TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00, »9:00, *10:00, 11:00, 11:10
a. m.. 12:45. 1:30. 2:30. »3:45. 3:00, 6:00, 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. doea not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAY8-»5:25, 6:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10:15
a m.. »12:25, 1:15. 2:20. •3:35, 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
-EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, 9:45, »11:00 a. m.. 13
m., 1:00. 2:15. 4:30. niti, 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
p. m. . . . ,. . . . '
Trains marked (•) start' from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. U:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
a. m.. 12:35, 1:45. 2:45, 8:50, 5:10. 6:20 p.m. .
• EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.- ." .
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05, 11:10 fe-xn..' 12:1%
1-20. 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p..m.
THROUGH TRAIN3. - • '
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. - ¦ .' s ¦ -
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and war sta-
tions. - " '•¦ .
5:15 v- m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations." - . ¦ : '
8 a.m." Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
: 10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. *?z i ¦¦-*,-- .*-•-•> '
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. •
~~ ~~ [Local ILIm'dlOvrl'dl Local
• I Daily I « 1 Daily 1 Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 P 7:13 p
"Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno ... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford . 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
"Visaiia... 3:40 p .... 4:48 a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kans. Cy .2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago. 2:15p 9:00 p ... :
¦ a for morning., p for afternoon.
•9:00 a m. train is .the California Lim-
ited leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to • Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers; No, 4 second-class
tickets honored on thl3 train." Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m.. Tuesday and
4*2* P.' m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives, at 12:30 p. m.
i-oo'p. m. 13 the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars t to Chicago:
also Palace Sleeper, which .cuts out at
Fresno. ) Corresponding train arrives at 5:55
?V-20 ' a.*m." Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1113 Broadway, Oak-
land. - - - - ' ' -
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage, Depot
Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Montgomery
st.. San Francisco. CaL, May 29, 1901.— Sealed
proposals.- in triplicate, • will- be received at
this office until 10- o'clock a. m.. -Wednesday,
June 12, 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and then
opened, for furnishing S. B. Kersey, Black
Lastling and Buckskin Gauntlets. All to con-
form to standards and specifications: quanti-
ties to be subject 50 per cent increase - if de-
cided upon by this Department. . Bids will be
opened for the delivery of the same articles
at either the San Francisco, Boston, Chicago
and Philadelphia Depots. Deliveries to com-
mence July 1st next, or as soon as practicable
thereafter. Bidders must state In their pro-
posals the rate and time or delivery should
contract be awarded to . them, and that no
proposition should be made which . they are
not positive that they can absolutely fulfill.
Bids upon samples differing from speciflca-
' tions and samples upon which bids are invited;
will under no circumstances be entertained,
ncr will . unguaranteed bids ! be considered.
Proposals for less quantities than advertised
for will be entertained. ! ¦ Bids for delivery or
inspection at other points than those named
above will not be considered. To avoid mis-
understanding . as to the exact, nature of . the
articles to be furnished, bidders will carefully
examine the standard samples and specifica-
tions, so that proposals may be submitted by
them with a full knowledge of what will be
required. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture, ¦ con-
ditions of price and quality being equal (In-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such pref-
erence ¦will be given to articles of , American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by .the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be endorsed "Propo-
sals No. 6212" and addressed to Major OSCAR
F. LONG, Quartermaster, U. S. Army. Depot
Quartermaster. .. .-. •¦
PROPOSALS.
"attend the funeral of our ¦ late brother. A: B. j -
Bradley, 12ft4 Eddy : street, to-morrow (Tues- j
day) , , at 8 o' clock. ; Mass ; at ; . St. Ignatius
'.Church at S:30 o'clock. - ¦' : S
;,'•. : .-. .<.--. JOHN T. BURNS, Rec. Sec. -
CARMODT— In this .' city, June 8, : 1901, ¦ John,
beloved husband of Mary Carmody, and
father of John Carmddy, Jr. ; a native of
County Clare, Ireland, aged 66 years. ;;v ; ;;•-;'<:
. C^Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited • to ' attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late.resl- .
dence, 319A : Dore ': street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, .Tenth and Howard streets,
where * a requiem high mass will be cele- .
' brated ¦ for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing, at '9 o'clock. Interment -Holy I Cross
Cemetery.'. . • -¦ ;
COUGHLIN— In this city, June 9,. 1901, Michael
-Joseph, dearly beloved son of the late David
and Mary Coughlin, and brother of John, Frank, ;
Mamie and "William .Ceughlrn and Mrs.\ John'
O'Donnell, - a native of San Jose, amed 33
« years 1 month and 12 days. .(San Jose. papers
please copy.) . ¦ ¦ ¦ .
C^Notice of funeral hereafter. •
CROWLEY— In this city, June' 8, 1901, Kd-
ward A., dearly beloved son of John J. and
Mary Crowley. brother of George J., Frank
and Irene Crowley, and nephew of Thomas ¦
H. Lindsay. Mrs. K. Martel.'Mrs. O. Meysel
and. Mrs. A. Shaw, a native of, San Fran-
cisco, aged 23 years and 6 months.
' ;C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect- r
fully I invited to I attend the funeral this day '
(Monday), at 8:30, o'clock,' from his late resl-
1 dence, 14 Hill street, thence to St. James
' l Church, Twenty-third < and I Guerrero streets,
\ where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for. the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. . ,,¦
HIMMELMANN— In this -city, June 9, 1901,
infant son of. Henry W. and Nellie Hlmmel-
mann, a native of San Francisco.
HUDDLESTON-In this ¦¦ city, 8. 1901,
¦ Julia Huddleston, beloved wife of • Mathew
J. Huddleston, mother' of Mathew, Rob-
" ert, Henry, Charlotte and Genevleve
' Huddleston, daughter 'of i the late Mich-
ael and Ann Canty, and sister of Thomas,
Michael and . William Canty, Mrs. William
London and Mrs. J. F. Hallet, a native of
San Francisco, aged 41 years and 1, month.
[ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thi« day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 731% Natoma street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where services will' be held
' at 1' o'clock. Interment Holy Crois Ceme-
tery. . < •. -.'
ITGEN— In this city, .June 9, 1901, Carl Her-
. man, dearly beloved husband of Louisa
Itgen, beloved father of Herman Itgen, step-
father of Charles and Henry Smith, and
brother of Mrs. . C. B. Grass, a native of
Dorum, Hanover, Germany, aged 56 years 2
months and S days. A member of Concordld
Lodge No. 122, I. O. O. F.. .and Walhalla
Encampment N». 7, I. O. O. F.
cyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, : from his late resi-
dence, 933 Hampshire street, thence to I. O.
O. F. Hall, where services' will be held un-
der the auspices of Concordia Lodge No. 122,
I/O. O. F., commencing at 2 o'clock. In-
terment IiiO. O.* F. Cemetery.
KOCH (COOK)— In ¦ this city. June 9, 1901.
Simon, beloved husband of Elizabeth Koch,
and father of Simon, Henry, Otto, Carrie
and Albert Koch and Mrs. Edmund O'Dea
and the late Charles F. Koch, a native of
Bavaria, Germany, aged 73 years and • 11
months. (Poughkeepsle, N. T., papers please
copy.) ¦ -. .
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3254 Twenty-fifth street.
McGREGOR— In this city. June 8, 1901, Ellen,
relict of the late James McGregor, and be-
loved sister of Mrs. J. Peters and the late
Mrs. J. Ryan and Mrs. M. Petterson, a* na-
tive of Thurles, Ireland, aged 63 years.
(E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1429 Pacific street, thence .to St:
Brigld's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
.soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
MIBACH— In this city.. June 8. ¦ 1S01, at the
residence of his fatber-in-Iaw, . James Ma-
guire, 2606 Folsom street, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third streets, Peter Jo-
seph. Mibach,' dearly beloved husband of An-
nie Mibach, beloved son of Michael and Ida
Mibach, and brother of William, Joseph and
Ida Mibach, a native of San Francisco, aged
26 years and 2 months. A member of St.
Paulus and St. Peter's Society. "
(n^Frlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his father-in-law, James Maguire, 2606
Folsom . street, thence to St. Anthony'i
Church,' Army street, near Folsom, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MOCABEE— In this. city. June 9, 1901, Bessie
V., youngest and beloved daughter of John
' W. and Marie M. Mocabee, and sister of
Katie, John, Gertrude and Ramon Mocabee.
a native of San Francisco, aged 7 years 1
month and 3 days. .
MULLEN— In this city,' June 9, 1901, Jane
Winifred Mullen, dearly beloved daughter of
the late Charles and Mary A. Mullen, and
loving sister of Mrs. Mamie Allen, .Mrs.
Clalr Morgan, Mre. Lillian McQuillan .and
John, Charles and Kittie Mullen, a native of
San Francisco, aged. 19 years and 10 days.
(C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), 'at St; Francis Church,
Vallejo street, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. • Interment pri-
vate. - . . • '
MURRAY— In this city, June 9, 1901, at his
residence, 935 Eerfrteenth street, Eugene Mur-
ray, beloved father of Mrs. R. B. Monks, a
native of Ireland, aged 83 year*.
O'NEILL— In Oakland, June 7, 1901, , Margaret,
beloved wife of the late William O'Neill,
mother of Mary, Francis and William J.
O'Neill, and sister of Mrs. Michael , Curti*
and the late Mrs. Mary D. Mathews and
Mrs. John Kearney, a native of Ireland,'
aged 70 years 5 months and 19 days.
inyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thla- day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1087 " Fifty-eighth street, thence to St.
Columba's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
PIERCE— In this city, June 9, 1901,' Fannie,
beloved wife of Frank E. Pierce of Colma,
and mother of Mrs. E. Sharlton and Frank
J., Fred, Edward and Harry Pierce, a native
of Rhode Island, aged 72 years 8 months and
'i days. • - .. ,
{C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at .2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment, I.-
O. O. F. Cemetery.
PISTOLESI— In' Marln County, June 8, 1901.
Harold J., dearly beloved son of Frank V.
and Emma F. Pistolesl, and brother of
Rosalie E., Frank V. Jr. and Emma F. Pis-
tolesi, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years 1 month and 28 days.
G? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 2980 Twenty-fifth street, corner
of Florida. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. /
RAINET— In this city, June 9. 1901. Ella C.
beloved wife of George , E. Rainey. and
mother of Willie S. Rainey, a native of San
Francisco.
ICTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 8:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 2021 Brod-
¦ erick street, thence to St. Dominic's Church,
corner of Steiner and Bush streets, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
' o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric car. Please omit flowers.
RYAN— In this city, June 7. 1901, Ellen, be-
loved wife of Georee Ryan, and niece of
Ar.ora Kennedy and Owen Meagan, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 42 years 6 months and
12 days. , .
(T7" Friends and acquaintances are ¦ respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery, y
RYCKMAN— In Alameda, June 7, 1901, /Mrs.'
Cicelia L. Ryckman.- wife of William L.
Ryckman, aged 72 years and 6 months. .. ¦ ¦¦
SCHWEIGER— In* this city, June 9, 1901, Infant
eon of Joseph and Katie Schwelger, a native
of San Francisco. . ...
SHOBBRIDGE-^In this city, June 9, 1 1901,
Frederick Shoebrldge. a native of England,
aged 74 years 5 months and 1 day.
CT'Fr.iends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from residence of his
daughter, Mrs. E. Murphy. 1017 Filbert street,
between Jones and Leavenworth. j Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. ¦' - „..
STUART— In this city, June 9. 190L Annie
Jane, beloved wife of Jamea Stuart, a native
of Ireland, aged 44 years.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter. .
WILLIAMS— In this city. June J8, 1901. John,
beloved husband of Salemma Williams, and
• father of Mrs. Jennie - Klose and John ! and
Amos Williams, a native.- of Cornwall, Eng-
land, aged SO years 6 months and 19 days.
(KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock,' from his late resi-
dence. 2423 Leavenworth street, j t Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
SAHWAY, TKAVEL.
Folders Tell all
About TKem. ; |
, ' Call at this office and
ask the ticket agent.for \
a folder descriptive of
. the' Burlington Over-
_ land Excursions. • It
contains a map ' of the \
United States, time ¦
tables, illustrations of \
th'e exterior arid the in- [
terior of Burlington
... . & • .
tourist sleeping cars, as
well as a great deal of \
information likely to
be of value to persons
contemplating an east-
;? iern trip. It's free, of \
course. -^X;
The | Burlington Overland Excur-
sions leave San Francisco Tues-
days and Thursdays — Omaha, •
V; Chicago. Kansas City, St. Louis— -J
EVERYWHERE East. , •; : ; i
lf^m?nTmMm Sanborn, j
IJllliloai Ticket office,
wH'UlMllliH 631 Market Street,
1B3JBMb£»2i San Francisco.
SOUTHERN -PACIFIC.
Trains !«•»»•» «••»«! »r«> •!••«• •« «rrl»e ••»
- hA.n fuan«: HWO. ., ¦ •
- (Main Line, Foot of Market Stn-eS.) ,
lbavb — Fbom Junk 9. 1901. — ¦ AKMTJ
7:O«* Betiicla, SiiIsud. Elmira, Vacaville,
- Iiuuisey ami nacraiutuieo G.S3r
1:30 a Martinez, .HaultHiiion, Vallejo. Nipa,
I!*li8t»ga mml .Sauca-Uosa. ..;...,. «:25i>
8:0<>a Davis, VVuodlaud. KuitfhU Landtag.
•VUrj-BTiile. orofille. 7:3"*P
8:OO* AtUutiu Kxyresa— Ogdeu and East 12:«3p
»:u«a NUes, I>ithr>p, Stockton «SJ->r
S:«O.\ Kites, Metidata, B&nford, VisilU,
Portsrville :....... - 4s33?
8:30a Sh«3U Express— Datis, Williams (for ~i'
BmrtJett Springs), Willows, Ked
« . Bluff. Portland... 7:35r
•iSOa Smi .ti.se. Lifermore, Htucktoti. .-.,..:,
Iotift, Saerainsntii. Flacerrille, .
MurysvilH Chico, Ke-1 lilult 4:2.1r
8i3oa Oak.U'.e, Chinese (Yosemlte}.' So- - ¦
n'rm. Carters .¦... *:2»P
9:OOa Hayward, Nile* mud W»» SUUoua.. • Is.W*.
9:UOa Vullejo I*s23p
U:OO a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,- *
Trsey, Latlirop, (Stockton, Mtxeed ¦ - -
Fre»no mud Los Anneles — 7i23p
9-.UO* Vallcjii. Martinez ami Way Stations 9:33r
1 0:U» A. The O»erlaml limited— Ogdeu, Den-
• Ter, Omaha, Chicag-i 6i»»P
fliOOr Sacramento KlierHie»iiiers..; ' ta:©t»A
3:3Op Hajward, NiN's aud Way Stations.. 7:53r
4ii»»r Meiilcla, Whiten, Haeraiiiento.
Wooillaud. Knights J*ndlug. _
M.rystllle, Oioiille 1»:B3a
4:OOp Martiuex. Man lUmon. Vallejo,
. . Napn. Oallslog*. Manta Ho«»...... . •'*'*
4:00p Niles, LiTermora, Stockton. Lodl... . 1*-*|»P
4tH»r H&yward. Nile*, fcau Jnae.' Lmrmore t*:.i.l*,
4:3t»p Fort Cos ft. Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton 1 »s25a.
S:OUpThe Oivl Limited— Freaiio, Tulare.
5v.f-j ' BakeraBeW, Sangus for Sautm Uar-
bata, Los Angeles »»O«»*
5:00? Martin' z. Antioch, Stockton, Mer- _
eed.Fre3no -?2 ! 55 P
S:O«r Yosemita l*:*3p
* 3:3Of New Orleans Express— Mendota,
Fresno, BakersSwd. Los Acgelcs,
DumiDS, El Paso, New Orleans
; and East WJ*
6:OOp Hay wajrd, NUes and San Jose .52*
t«:OOr Vallejo --. IIiS*\
«iUOp Oriental Mall— Og-len, Chejenne.
. Oiumha, Chicago....... I»sZ»r
0:00p Oriental ilall-Oeden, Denver,
. St. Louis. Chicago. ........:..:. ««»ar
7>00r Oregon aud California ICx|>r«m,Hae>
. ramento. Marjstille. Ke.l.lliiK.
I'urtliiiiil, PiigBt Huiiml aiul Kajit ¦:S3a
SiOSpSan Fahlo, F»it Coota, Martinez
and Wa> stations 11s35a
t«:OSp Vallejo..... .;.. ........ 7rit-^P
COAST LiINE (Narrotf Uange).
* •>• (Foot ut Market Street.)
fi :-*5a Santa Cruz Excurs'on to rfant*. Cruz
and Principal Way StaUons JS>O3F
SiISa Nenark.CeiitM»ltle,.4an.)oae,Frlton, . ,- .fl ;
BouIderCreek.SaiitaCnrtaiidWay -. -•
ftutions ; ;••• »»•»
t»i 1 3p Newark, CetiterTille. San .lose, N«w .
AlmActfii, Fulton, IJonlder Creeif,
SanU Crux and Principal Way
;; -,:. 8u«o.,s *•«£;;*
4>13p Newark, San Jose. Los Gatoa j jio:S<>\
• CREEK ROUTE FERRY. -#.
rrom S1H PKASCISCO-Faoi of lUikrt Street (SUp 8V-
- 17-15 9:0O 11:00a.m. 1:03 '3:03 B:1S'.>«.
rromOlUillB— tnlilltnt**].— 1«:0« t&OO , t8:03
; 10:00a.m. 12:03 3:03 4:03 r.M.
?:/- COAST LiINE (Broad O«»ge).
frhlrdandTownsendSts.) . ;
""a.lOA S»n Jose and Way stations. •«»»'
V7:«Oa Han Jose ami Way SUtions........ , 1»»»F
t?t»OA Sunday Ixcurrion for San Jc»«.
* Panto Crni. P«dno Grow and
rrincipal Way SUtions t9«3©P
»i«»AHau J««e. Tres linos. Santa Ctiij, •
r»aJlic <;«««, balinas. San^nis .
Oblspo and Principal intermedUta •
•' ; stations. ....... .....••'...•••• ¦•"°*
10::t0.v flan Jcse and Way SUtions. - 7»»«P
/l»t3»A New Alm»<l8ii ; • / * : J**
I lt»«A »au Jose and Way Station. ........ »i*OP
' +2: »•¦»!• Sau Mateo. ltedwooil. Menlo Park. J
¦.- Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jose.
••>¦•".; Tres PInos. Santa Crux. 8alinms, _
' Monterey and Paeiflc GroTs I 1 *™ 34
»:3»pSan Joaaaud Way Stations J : 32 A
f4:l»rSa«JoaeSni.l Principal WayStatloiia ,»»45 A
t^>°°rSan Joae, Los Gatos aud Principal ¦ •
WaySUtioDS *2*22*
5»3»p San Jose and Princlpn) Way Stations S:33a
, «.oop Redwood, flan Jos*. Gilroy. Salinas,
Santa, Barbara. Ixm Angelea 1OsO3a
6i O 0 p Del Monte, Monterey, Pacific O iore,
' 6:3Op San Jose a*iid'Wa*y StaWons'Jl.U.'.... ,tJ«««A
qH:4ap3an Jose aud Way Stations....;.... 7i3»p
. A for Morning. P for A rteriioon.
f Sunday excepted. I «"•• r- 1 only. _^
a Saturday only. "T-1 /Tuesdays tnd Friday*.
CEIFOMIi HORTH^ESTERE RI. Cfll
. • ; ¦ "•¦ • LESSEE..,' "'
SAM FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
¦ j - ¦ — — ¦¦ ¦ ;- * •—
• San Francisco to San. Rafael. •'
WEEK ELA.TS— 7:30. >:0O. : 11:00 «. ra.; 12: J5,
S:30, 5:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra, trip
S at 11:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at U*i
and 11*20 p. m." - * *¦ * ' :
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 1:30. 11:00 a. m.j ldO. *:S»,
E:00, i:20 p. m. ' , - *'.
San Rafael to San Francisco. ...
' WEEK DATS— «:10, 7:50, !»:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
, 8:40, 6:15 p. m. . Saturdays— Extra trtpa at Iu3
and 6:33 p. m. ¦- ¦
SUNDAYS-8:10. «:«, V.M a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
' 8:05. «:25 p. m. . • ' - ¦ • v : .
Leave I ' In Effect I * ' Arrtvei
! San Francisco. I April 28. 1901. 1 gan Francisco.
' Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. ( days. \ Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
! 8:30 pm 9:30 am - Petalurna. 6:05 pm 10:23 am
5:10 pm *:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pa
. • . • - ¦ • Fulton. . , . -
7:30 am ' Wlndaor.. " 10:2J am
* ... 5 : oo pm Healdsbursr. 10:40 am .
• Lytton.
• ¦ " * "¦¦¦.;¦-' Geyserrllle. i
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7(35 pm C:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hcpland. 110:40 am|10:25 am
1 1:30 pml 8:00 am| and TJklah. ?¦ 7:35 pmt i:2» pm
7:J0 ami 7 ~ » " ¦ 10:40 am 10:25 am
' 8:00 am Gusrneville. 7:35 pm
2:30 pm 5:00 pm • --¦¦¦; -••'.»- •¦" - 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 1 9:15 am 8:40 am
I and s) . . _t»*,I';
B:10 pm J 5:00 pm Glen EUen. f 8:05 pmr *:20 pm
'• 7:S0 am! 8:00 ami ' . 110:40 am|10:33 am
8:30 pmt 8:00 pml Sebaatopol. I 7:35 pmt 8:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Eplnrgs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
5 Geyeervttle for Skagg3 Springs: at Cloverdals*
1 for - tha G«vaers: .at-' Hopland. for -Duncaa
Springs. Hlghlan*! Springs. • Kelseyyllle. Carls-
* bad Springs. Soda 'Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uiiah for Vichy' Springs, Saratoga
Springs. . Blue Lakes. Laurel "Dell- Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Poaw.- Potter .Valley.
John- Day's. Riverside. l.lerte-y*3, Bucknells.
1 Fanhedrin' Heights,- Hullville. Orr*» Hot
. Springs, . Mendodno City, :• Fort Bragg. • .West- '
port. i.Usal. •' Will Its. "Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris.' Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia ,
'and- Eureka.- ~~ . ¦ ». ¦¦ -•;•¦¦»•" -¦¦ • -«. •¦ ¦¦¦
j Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. .¦...-. . «•.. ...••.
a » On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
y beyond San ¦ Rafael at half rates. *v .
. ' Ticket Office. SSO Msrket street, Chrcniet*
- Building.
C H.fc 'WHITING. **•"¦•¦••¦ R."' X/ BTAJ#. ¦<
'- '. ,G*a. Manager. " Gen. Pass. 'Aft.I 'John Benson, a teamster; who was ar-.
;restecF Saturday night 'for. discharging. a
'pistol* on First; street, was found dead in
his cell j in I the City. Prison yesterday, aft
ernoon. I Benson had been" on ¦ a protract
ed debauch, and It is supposed that alco
holism was the cause of death". . ~ •
I>ies ' in the City ' Prison.
¦"William Daly ' was ¦ taken to the City
and County Hospital Saturday . afternoon
suffering '* from . injuries inflicted ' ( l by f hia
brother .William. The . last named, who
kicked his: brother, on; the. head during a
quarrel, was taken to the City Prison and
will 'be. held until the; extent of the inju
ries are •: ,. i-"-.4.'; : n •¦ ¦
One Brother, Injures Another;
Natural wood moldings, made In all
the .finishes— Flemish, grays," greens,
browns and * blacks j and the dull polish.
Birch, cherry, rosewood, ; English j and
natural oaks,. = in .all the shapes "and
widths manufactured. These offer ... an
opportunity for S furnishing your walls
with pretty and stylishly framed pictures
at a trifling cost. .Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street.., , . ¦ • - •
Natural Wood Moldings.
Tosemite Valley via Santa Ye.
The Santa Fe Is now carrying passen
gers to the Tosemite via stage from Mer
ced. Starting ' on California Limited to
day, ' you are at the Sentinel Hotel . to
morrow afternoon, passing Merced Bis
Trees en route. .
Ask about It at 641 Market street. *
Dies From Her Injuries.
Mrs. Ellen McGregor, i a widow, who
lived » at 1429 Pacific street, died *at the
French Hospital early yesterday morning
and her body was taken to the Morgue.
On May 27 she was knocked down by a
runaway team belonging to Dr. Martin
Krotoszyner and received injuries ¦ that
resulted- in her death. The driver of the
rig will be arrested for manslaughter.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 50c flask. Richards & Co.. 408 Clay.*
Verein Officers Elected.'
The Deutsch-Calif ornischer Verein of
San Francisco elected last Saturday even
ing the following : officers for the ensuing
year: President,. Dr. Franz, Kuckein;
vice president, Herman Barth; secretary,
William Zimmermann;. treasurer, Franz
•Tacoby. . /• - • •¦ : - ¦¦
Vernon was head of the Universal Au
tomobile Company, a* firm that has had
but a recent birth and is practically, un
known. It has offices in ( tho\ Parrott
building. • -i . . ¦ - : ¦'•;.¦,'
As soon as the- arrest had been made
Captain, Seymour* telegraphed East to
to New York police, and yesterday he
received a letter saying that some one
would start West at once with the neces
sary papers to secure an extradition. It
is understood that Vernon will make a
hard fight against taken back to
New York. • . .
i As soon as Captain Seymour received the
warrant .for the arrest, of Vernon,' or
Geirshofer, he sent Detective Hamill
over to San Rafael to notify the Sheriff,
of Marin County and arrest the man,
who was known to have a residence in
Mill Valley. For "some time the police
have known that -Vernon and Geirshofer
were the same man, but It was not known
that Vernon was j the head of any com
pany in this city, jj He was found and ar
rested ¦ without trouble. '- . . ¦-
Mr. Auerbach says that, in his opinion,
between $10,000 and $20,000 had been placed
in Geirshofer's hands for investment.
He declined to mention the names of his
friends who also had placed confidence
in Geirshofer, arid: said that he did not
know whether they Intended to bring
action against him. •
Amount of the Steal.
. By nrearrangement we were to meet
on January 1 and settle all outstanding
accounts. About Christmas Gelrshofer
wrote me that his wife was ill, and that
he had obtained a vacation of a week
In order. to take her. south. At the end
of that time he did not return, and our
suspicions were aroused. I' went to the
office of Hallgarten & Co., 'and asked one
of the members of the firm whether per
mission had been granted, for Gelrshofer
to make use of confidential, information.
It was told that no such permission had
been given, and it' was then that .we
placed the matter in the hands of the
police." . • . „ •¦ .
"We' gave him money from time to
time, and he told us that he had invest
ed it. When a dividend was declared by
any of the corporations in which he had
invested Geirshofer would pay' each one
of us his share of the profits, and in
case any stock was sold we received the
money that "was our due. We never
questioned Geirshofer closely. •
"This story seemed plausible and sev
eral of my friends joined me in trusting
Geirshofer. "We had known him . in a
business way for many years and had no
reason to suspect him of being dishonest.
Trusting Friends Taken In.
"Geirshofer told me." said Mr. Auer
bach," "that he had little money him
self and had therefore come to me. This
was his proposition: I or my frlend3
should advance money and he would in
vest it in such a way that it would always
be on the side of pools engineered by
Hallgarten & Co. or J. P. Morgan & Co.,
for he also averred that he had inside in
formation in regard to the Morgan syn
dicate." ; ¦ •,
According to the story told by Mr. Auer
bach before the Grand Jury, Geirshofer
had defrauded several brokers and spec
ulators. He said' Geirshofer came to him
about a year ago and told him thatif
he had money to invest and would place
confidence in a "confidential clerk" he
would ,be assured a princely income.
Geirshcfer had told him, Mr. Auerbach
said, that Hallgarten & Co. manipulated
several uools each year and that, he had
been granted permission to utilize for his
individual gain the information that nec
essarily came into his possession.
Captain Titus ordered Detective Ser
geants Clark and Fay of the central of
fice to locate Geirshofer. After a search
of two months they .learned on Saturday
that he was living, in San Rafael, Cal.,
where hs, was known as Howard E. Ver
non. Captain Titus immediately tele
graphed to the San Francisco police to
arrest the man and hold him for extradi
tion. It was said to-night at police head
quarters that a marshal would be sent to
San Francisco to-morrow.
Will . Send ."a Marsaal.
NEW TORK, June 9.— Edgar Geirshofer,
alias Howard E. Vernon, who was ar
rested in Escalles, Cal., yesterday by
Sheriff Taylor of Marin County and De
tective Archie' Hamill of. San Francisco,
was for many years confidential clerk of
the brokerage firm of Hallgarten & Co.
of Exchange place and Broad street.' He
was arrested on the complaint of Robert
Auerbach, a brower of 58 Wall street, who
asserts that Geirshofer by false pretences
obtained from $10,000 to $20,000 from sev
eral men who !had placed trust In him
and that he had then attempted to flee
from the country. The, arrest was made
at the request of Captain Titus of the de-,
tective bureau. Mr. "Auerbach made the
complaint against Geirshofer early In
April. He was indicted by the Grand
Jury and a bench warrant from the clerk
of the Court of General Sessions was is
sued on April 3, 1901. Secrecy was main
tained that "Geirshofer mipht not learn
that legal steps had been taken to obtain
his arrest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
New York Officer "Will Come to Cali
fornia After the Marin Couniy ,
'. Prisoner.
Miss Worrell and Miss Savage sang
"The Heavenly Chorus,", and the Knick
erbocker quartet sang "Nearer, My God,
to Thee." ...
• Miss Evelyn D. "Worrell sang the "Gold
en Threshold." The orchestra played an
overture, with "The Palms", as a cornet
solo. K A. Larsen sang a bass solo.
Neighbor Merten C. Allen delivered the
memorial oration.
Neighbor Thomas J. Barry delivered a
eulogy of the deceased members of the
camp.
An overture from Chopin opened ! the
programme. The Knickerbocker quartet
sang a selection, and Miss Grace I. Sav
age rendered a contralto solo, "Abide
With Me."
' The services at 2 p. m. in Native Sons'
Hall were largely attended by members
of the camp and their friends. A musical
programme was rendered and two memo
rial addresses delivered. "
¦ Committees from the camp visited-dur
ing the morning all the cemeteries where
Woodmen of Golden Gate Camp .are
buried, and all the graves, thirty-eight in
number, were decorated with a profusion
of flowers and with the accompaniment
of the service of the order for such occa
sions. ' • ' , .
Golden Gate Camp No. 64, "Woodmen of
the World, held memorial services yester
day for its deceased members. There
were services at the graves in the morn
ing and in the afternoon a lodge of sor
row was held at Native Sons' Hall.
The Graves. of Deceased
- Members of the Order
Decorated.
WOODMEN HONOR
THEIR DEPARTED
J. ' R. Lusk. of Newcastle, Pa., president;
John. P. Mann of Ennis, Tex., vice president;
J. F.' Mackle of Chicago, secretary and treas
urer; executive committee, F. S. James of
Cherokee, la.; A. D. Caulfleld of Wilson, La.;
J. W. Cuineen of Aburn, N. T. ; G. H. Brown,
Alamosa, Cal. .
¦ Train rules committee— H. A. Daley, J. W.
James, E. M. Woodruff, J. M. Chiles and B. -
B. Baughmann. . .
The delegates to the fourteenth annual
convention of the Train Dispatchers' As
sociation of America, which is to be held
at Red Men's Hall to-morrow and
Wednesday, will arrive in this city* at 6
o'clock this evening. There are 110 dele
gates, some of whom are accompanied by
tfheir families and relatives, thus increas
ing the. party to about 200: They will
make the Occidental their headquarters.
The business of the convention, which
will be called to order by J. R. Lusk.
president . of the association, will include
the election, of officers and the discussion
of train rules and topics pertinent to the
dispatchers' craft. A programme of en
tertainment has been arranged by the lo
cal committee, and a visit will be made
to the battleship Iowa on Thursday. The
delegates are:
'T. M. Patt, J. A. Bower, J. P. Mann, J. T.
Ivy, C. N. Essender. A. B. Woodward, T. H.
Eisanhard, ,W. A. Buckner, T. S. Harlan, L.
B. Mobley, D. S. ! McClellan. J. N. Chiles, J.
A. Young, T. J. Flynn, T. W.. Bandy. R. M.
Seale. A. D. Caulfleld L. L. Henderson, E. H.
Stevens, J. P. Wajdo, John D. West, O. N.
Shepherd, T. W. Evans, j J. R. Lusk. J. F.
Mackle. E. T. Dougherty, C. G. Stevens. C.
Li. Carroll, T. ' W. Kane, George L.. Carroll.
L. W. Schlatshauer, G. M. Sanderson, • J. B.
Alvey,.J. L. Walsh, J. G. McLaughlin, G. N.
Tarkington. J. V. King. S. S. Davenport. T.
S. Mulligan, Adolph Kase. L. H. Phettyplace,
E. E. Winters, A. W. Parks, T. G. Flanagan,
Edward Miller, A. K. Frye, Frank A. Had
ley, W. P. Sands, W. P. Hlgdon, C. B. Mid
dlebrook, B. G. Smith. P. Cain, C. R. Shear
er, J. B. Jerome, ' J. B. Ford, A. L>. Bechler,
C. W. Smith, T. N. Shultz, J. W. Culneen.
J. E. Mcllwain. A. Stewart, T. S. Rogers, O.
J. Storm, J. T. Cheek. E. S. Dodge, C. A.
Mclntyre and J. W. James.
The officers of the association are the
following named:
Disposes of Alleged Secret
Tips From Pierpont
' Morgan.
Clever Confidence Game
Is Charged Against
Geirshofer.
WALL STREET
BROKERS ARE
HIS VICTIMS
Will Discuss Many Topics
Pertinent to Their
Craft.
Train Dispatchers Com
ing for. National
Convention.
BEADY TO HOLD
YEARLY SESSION
Why do we refer to those times, crimsoned
with the best blood of our race? We do bo to
demonstrate once more. If necessary, that the
ooldier spirit of the Celt is yet as virile and
as fearless as it was three thousand years ago,
and that it was this same noble spirit which
fired the eoul of the gallant exile, John Mc-
Bride, to take the sword and oh the South
African veldt, with the splendid -chivalry of
his race, fling himself into the fight for liberty,
and by his valorous achievements before an
admiring world prove once again that the chil
dren of the Gael are still a force to be counted
In the, world's economy.
, This is why the Irish people should give tes
timony of their admiration to this splendid
Irishman. And it is In order to afford our
people such an opportunity that the Knights
of the Red Branch invited Major McBride to
San Francisco.
Knowing that the Irish people love valor and
virtue and are ever ready to honor those su
blime qualities In all men, but particularly
when the possession of them by men of our
race Is exhibited In so conspicuous a manner
as in the case of Major McBride, : we confi
dently appeal to you to assist by co-operating
with us in our efforts to make the reception
to this heroic exiled soldier one worthy of the
cause and of tbe man.
Father Yorke will take part in the re
ception to Major McBride, which will also
be in the nature of a celebration of the-
Wolfe Tone anniversary.
A communication has been addressed to
all Irish societies in the city by the recep
tion committee. It states that June 22 was
chosen as the date of Major McBride'a
lecture because it is the anniversary of
the birth of Theodore Wolfe Tone. After
dwelling upon the heroic and bloody
struggle of the Irish people in times gone
by to throw off the oppressor's yoke, the
circular says:
Irish Nationalists met at 1133 Mission
street yesterday to arrange for Major Mc-
Bride's reception. There was a lusty spirit
of independence in the proceedings and
many a cheer for the struggling Boers. It
was decided to send a committee to Port
Costa to meet the gallant major, and that
there might be no hitch in the proceedings
a committee consisting of Jeremiah Deasy,
chairman; Colonel J. C. O'Connor, Cap
tain Peter Dunne, James J. Cunnife, Wil
liam J. Hudson, Frank J. Kierce and T. J.
Mellott, was appointed to arrange the de
tails. The Knights of the Red Branch
Rifles will escort Major McBride to the
Occidental Hotel, where he . will remain
during his stay.
It may perhaps have been the irony of
fate that made Major John McBride, who
espoused the Boer cause at Johannesburg
September 9, 1899, the captor of his fellow
countrymen, the Dublin Pusileers, who
fought under the English flag. Major Mc-
Bride is to be treated as a hero wh«n he
arrives in this city to-morrow afternoon.
Every Irish society in the city will assist
in giving him a hearty welcome.
Irish Nationalists Make
Preparations for
Reception.
HONOR TO HERO
OF BOER CAUSE
The father of Hugh Tevis bequeathed
all his property to his. wife, but it is said
that she in turn settled upon each of the
children $2,000,000.
There were many callers at the Tevis
home yesterday, but only the most inti
mate friends were admitted. Messages of
condolence were received by the hun
dreds, and manv comforting words were
cabled to the young widow, whose honey
moon has been ended so tragically.
Gossip is busy with the financial affairs
of the dead capitalist and the amount
of the estate which will be divided be
tween the heirs. It is said that after his
marriage to Miss Cornelia Baxter Hugh
Tevis made a will. It is surmised by his
friends that he has bequeathed his for
tune about equally to his widow and his
daughter by his first wife.
Little Alice Tevis. the eight-year-old
daughter of the deceased, is with' her ma
ternal grandmother at the Boalt place at
Cloverdale. Little Alice, who was pas
sionately devoted to her father, has not
yet been told the sad news.
Grief broods over the' mansion on Tay
lor street, where the members of the
Tevis family have gathered. . . At first
grave fears were entertained for Mrs.
Lloyd Tevis, whose health for some time
has been in a most precarious condition,
but she is surprising her family and lov
ing friends and bearing up nobly and
bravely.
The. Tevis family no longer expect any
tidings from the widow. They feel that
the relict of Hup.i Tevis is prostrated in
her grief and unable to cable any of the
sad particulars.
No word has come from Japan to tell
how poor Hugh Tevis met his untimely
end. Since the cable brought the brief
news of death," no news has been received
from the young and beautiful widow,
who, all alone In Yokohama, must be at
tending to all the many necessary- details
that will permit of her bringing the. rer
mains home.
Little Daughter Not Told of
Her Parent's Sudden
Demise.
No Message From Japan
for Hugh Tevis'
Family.
CAUSE OF DEATH
STILL UNKNOWN
THE SAN FEANCISCO : CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 10, 1901.
10
SILKS.
EXTRAORDINARY OFFERING.
We beg to notify our customers and
the general public that on Monday,
June 10th, we shall place on sale
about 75 pieces Printed Foulard
These Silks are 23, 24 and 27 inches
wide, are in polka dots and small and
medium sized designs. The colors are
Blues, Grays, Browns and Violet, and
were sold by us at $1.00 yard.
NOTE.
We still have on hand about 22 pieces of the 24-INCH
BLACK TAFFETA SILK, guaranteed to wear.
Price 85c Yard.
IQAI ' " -
Jll; 113/ 115. 117. .119. 121 POST STREET.
W h 1 s k y
GB&Co O K bourbon 3 bottles $1
reg'ly $1 bottle $4 gallon ; £3
, . Ice cream freezers—brick
forms— individual molds
R 1 e s 1 i ng
Carbonate with sparklets 6 TC
rich fruity flavor— reg'ly $1 gallon
S w e c t wi n c s
Imported— reg'ly $1 bottle *, fr \.
Port Sherry Madeira /5 C
Crackers in tins— over
fifty kinds- plain and sweet
Almond lotion
Preserves the skfn— keeps the T rr
complexion smooth — reg'ly 20c bot ->
Big Htustrated catalogue mailed free
4J* Pine «ja Sutler s&x> California San Fraadseo
. _ Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland
VOCAPBONE,
Heaping Instrument. A most re-
markable aid for tho deaf. Call
and test It.
¦ : •. / ~~~
¦ rj« »j ¦ Satmrit
642 Market 5t. instruments
u.mder CMROMIClt BUILDING. CATALOOUC fltCC. ,
DR.MGNULTY.
TPHI8 WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLK OLD
¦L Spf«cl»lIxtcurM Blood Poison, Gonorrhoea, Gleet,
Strlctor«, bemliml Weaknew, Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, tre«.
OTer20rean'expeiience.Terma reasonable. Hour*,
9 toZdally ; 8:30to8. 30 er'ga. Snnduvs, 10 to 13. Consul-
tation rreeand3acredly confidential. Can or address
P. RO9COE MpXULTY. II. D.
• gft^j Retray St>. San Frmnelsco. Cat-
I DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD.LiVER.MJIMGS.
«<»^^tfBill>&» ¦ BI( f 8bl non-polaonoia*
remedy for Gonorrhoea.
Gleet, Spermatoirrhcca,
. JH^ialta&di7i.^| White*, nnnatnral dij.
JlaW o<ursaeee<l g chargi , or any infUnuna-
fit] not to itrietor.. tion, i ritation or nicera-
I Sf*B^apnT<&u «oBis<iaa. tion ,t maconi mem-
¦7S%THeEv»SS ChemicuCo. brane «- Non-aatringont.
Vik^NCINNtn.O.BjB Sold by Drua^Uta^
U.S. A. sent in plain wrnpper,
J^aaaaaWl_La>#n $7^****2*1. VT*V*l±. ioi
0 !! i 1 - 00 ' , or 3 OOttlen, |i?X
m C_ nUr »ent on re«iue«t.
I f# "PATENTS^ s
eak rMen and Women
S.HOULD USE DAM1ANA, BITTERS, f HB
-T Sjeat^ Mexican remedy; -* rives health an*
•trenjjth to aexual organs. Depot, XU u.n,^
Verus cures piles, ; or : $50 reward. For
sale by all druggists. ' i, •
GET NEXT
TO YOURSELF
What's the next thing to man? His
underwear. . . - . .. .• -
You'd better get eome of the' high.
- grade Medlicott Goods next to your-,
self that Gibson is selling for . U 60 ,
x ; each..- They are regular $5.OO '¦' a
' ' suit. I ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ' : *
¦ 1 .'¦ -.: J\E*SO -¦
.". ' BO ¦ doz: I. & R. Morley ; regular 60o
: ' . [Half Hoee at 25c a. pair. ; .//
AND
75 doz. fine : Striped JBalbriggan " XJn-
; derwear at 60c each7 a suit.
; COME AND SEE THESE VALUES.
T JOHN T. GIBSON,
: The Man . That Was . Boycotted.
¦._¦>" Open from 8 a. m. to 8 p.m. Clerks
. ¦ . oft at 6 p. r m..* ..¦ ¦
; 1204 MARKET ST.. near Golden Gate
' '•; ' avenue/"
AN HONEST MAN
WITH HONEST PRICES;
McCOY & NESBITT,
Th8 Leiding Mission Grocers,
Sixteenth and Mission, Sts.
3 Days 9 Special for Cash,
SUGAR, 5CS c <S!£-.-.-18Ibs for $1.00
BDTTER, Fancy Creamery, per sq. .30c
Our motto ii finest Creamery Butter.
EGGS, S^S^i 2 doz. for 35c
Received direct from Shippers. <
STRING l BEANS, S 0^" '. . .percaii.Sc
Dealers are barred from this cut. Reer. 2
, for 25c. • • '
TOMATOES, 4 cans.^ atoes for 25c
New pack;' guaranteed. . ".
SUGAR CORN, f^^fe^s: -:25c
¦ Sweet, tender and Julcyr ' . ...
COFFEE, SSbl^Sip il per lb 25c
We take pride . In \ selling good Coffee.
. Reg. 35c." ,-- • -
PORT and SHERRY WINE, g o \ s 25c
5 ¦ years old. Rep. • 40c. - ', .
ZINFANDEL CLARET, T,^ per gal 35c
Mild from ase and, smooth to taste. . ."
GUINNESS 1 Dublin 1 Stout; 3 bots for 50c
The senulne^ Imported. > ;¦:.""•*..« "i.'
Country orders ¦ solicited. . Orders '• filled
through' the • mall ¦ or telephone. I Strict
attention paid to selection of.sroods. " :
3002-3004 SixteeiEst./ Cor. Mission;
i ;¦.;¦'; Tel. ¦'Mission 23J." ' : , : : """,'v * -—ULl, •'
BQWEN
X CD *
New Crop Japan Tea
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
T e a
All flavors including a nc
"Bee" brand Ceylon— reg'ly 50c lb T"
G ing e r
Crosse & Blackwell— reg'ly 35c jar^ O c
a wholesome preserve •*
1 Campers supplies
estimates furnished
Map ] e s j r u p
Hazen — Vermont — reg'ly 65c 60c
• can — last sale at this price
Ha m s
Old Dominion— reg'ly i5$c lb I 3^C
Pic-nic lunches put up
> .v B a c on
Ferris— reg'ly 20c lb '; I 8jC
C as til e S o a p
Felix Eydoux— France— large aoc
white bars — reg'ly 50c ¦"
L u c c a oil
GB&Co Sublime— reg'ly COC
60c quart bottle— fine quality t J ,
Sparklets for carbonating
wines-fruit syrups-mineral
waters— a soda fountain at
M u s h roo m s ;
F. LeCourt— reg'ly 25c can
P i mi en to s
Many ways of serving them— ' 20c
reg'ly 25c can — Spanish peppers .-.
Ol i v e s
Manzanilla— reg'ly 25c quart " 2OC'
Cooked meats— salads-
pates— quick luncheon
novelties at our delicates-
sen department.
P i n e A p pie
Singapore— extra quality 2 lb can 15c
r reg'ly 2oc!25c 30c / ' \i\" t ;;.;2oc;
sliced — rwhole .3 ." 25c
G o f f;e e v
Crescent blend— reg'ly, 25c lb v iqc
Porcelain refrigerators—
beautiful-practical-ice savers
Le m ° n " s ..-¦'¦¦¦-'¦
¦ Thin skin— juicy— re2'ly25c s doz - IJC
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
eOLDBERO, B0WEN ft CO'S SPECIAL SA7IN3 SALS
00LOBSX8. B0WIS * CO'S 8PICUL 8AYEJ3 BALI
EVERY DAY MARKED FOR
FUN AND RECREATION.
Your little chap has his vacation ; h ; s szason of outing is
at hand, and we have prepared for it; and how we have pre-
pared for it! The most novel of Outing Togs; everything
your chap needs/ be he big or little ; for the seashore, for the
mountains/ for every sort of -a summer resort. The correct
ideas for outing wear : the correct ideas for evening dress;
everything that a smartly dressed little chap should have for
outing, can be had of us.
The Knockabout Suit
>r^ For roughing it ar. d for play-
* n S* f° r c^Yt f° r country, for
/frjjf^^W seashore, nothing can compare
with that knockabout suit of
X. 1& ours which we picture opro-
Zn'i^jil^lilu'! s *' te * e at e wears * s ma^ e
' ' /^f7^j^^fj^^m}i of the same material as the
n I 1° iW suit; the Ieggins also; mads
/ lo • / \!!i from the very best grade cf
/'A"' I I il ' denim, and we need not tell
L<i L I .Wft^r. - you it's a knockabout suit that
LIP J ; i A will not wear out. .
V/fU^-Jfl- Jmf i The complele outfit — The
r ?NN^Sy_7~^N^ Suit, The Leggins, The Hat—
' W ! I i flPly///- three, to fit chaps between
\l M ; SBm e a^ es c^ anc * y ears »
i?iy" t8^ty Iong trousers^ at
VFetching MKk
Summer
Fashion
The suit which we pic'ure '^f^^Hil^'
opposite with its manly little W$B wfif I
vest, to fit little chaps between W$$ Jm<i\
the ages of 3 and 9 years, in ' Wm wU
pretty mixtures and in blues ; BB &B
it's some of our ridiculous WB Wa
price-making for Monday. WE W
§1} I m\ JU Mid w&l.
4 .. I ..:..;..H.,;.^ .h-I-H..!-;..:..:..:.,!,.!,.;^..:..}..;.,; .\«\..\, \ ¦!¦,;¦ .h-I- I I M 1 1 i 1 I ¦!¦ 1 ¦!. I .l-i-n.
"^t^fce^ 1 ¦ "T'^uff store's tiny prices.
-i--i--i--r-;-i-i-i- ¦i-i-i-m 1 1 1 -i-i-i-i-h -i-i-i-i: :»:•: : : : i- r-s-x-i-i-i-i-i- -i-i-i- ; 1 1 *i i : m-
rW£& B hcors>oka."?ce> Union. Square Avc
1-tt: = t — - — k SEND FOR OUR -A — ; — '" *' ' "—m
ft *"rJS£,X Me " I SUMMtR s« M t. r . s ajd B.u,i. 9 '
Very Smartest Fashions. I CATALOGUE I For V itOe ond Bi 9 Chop*
' ADVEBTISE.HENTS.