GONCEILNTN'G the Dem
ocratic nominees:
"The Supervisors, I
believe, are the best
board we > have ever had in
this city. In the forty-eight
years I have lived in this city
I have known of no such board
as we have now."— Mr. Wells
at a banquet at the Palace
Hotel, January 12, 1901.
Concerning the Bepublican
nominees: '
"If I had seen the list of
names I would no more have
accepted the nomination for
Mayor than give up my hope
of going to heaven when I
die."— Mr. Wells in an inter
view in the San Francisco
Call, October 22, 1901.
WELLS WANTS
DEMOCRATIC
SUPERVISORS
Continued • on - Page Two.
, Continued \u25a0 on . Page Two. •
Continued on Paga Two.
Judge Barry said that he had en
deavored to do his duty without fear or
favor and that if elected City and Coun
ty Attorney he would seek to conduct his
office, in such a manner aa to be an honor
to the people who had placed in office a
man without any' political tie whatever.
Arthur G.Fisk. candidate for District
Attorney, said that for two years the city
had had barren Democratic promises and
the only man who had tried to carry out
his party's, promises, Charles Wesley
Reed, had been turned down, i -
fVank McGowan spoke srt some length,
arraigning the Phelan administration,
particularly as to its bubonic plague rec
ord and its attitude during the strike.
, Sheriff Lackmann was received with
great enthusiasm. He praised the record3
made by Republicans now in office—Coun
ty Clerk Deane, Tax Collector Scott and
Auditor Wells. \u25a0
.'; '.'Why -don't, you speak for yourself,
Mr. Chairman, and Gentlemen:. You do, not
expect me to. make a speech here this evening.'
I suppose that'" the • most you ' want of me • Is to
see how I look. ..The papers have described me
and \u25a0 I , want ; you . to ,-*pass ,\u25a0 your . own judgment.
I cani say. . gentlemen.^ I am ; very.- glad to meet
you ; here/ and \u25a0 I can '. say furthermore ; that , this
is sort of familiar 'ground to me.'.. My' first 'ad
vent, into this country. I .lived down' here on
the corner of t Broadway,' and ' Sansome . atreet
for a " long ; time. ; /^"J '\u25a0''.'. •'* ' '
I do not know/but I. would; have been, there
still,". but ! they, wanted the place* for their busi
ness — a t bigger, - building— and ': : they.!' drove me
out.'-'' I . went ' over ' then - to'< Tar s Flat, 1 ? the Mother
Asa - xt. Wells .was greeted with three
cheers. \ He was pleased to be there and
pleased to see his auditors there," as' he
told them in the following speech:
- " . \u25a0 \u25a0 Ing the • various candidates that
were introduced with a good show of; eri*
thusiasm. ; r; . r \u25a0 : r ' ':' ,
THE Republicans of the k \ For ty
\u25a0 fourth and Forty-fifth Assembly
. districts \ gathered * in numbers . in
Garibaldi . Hall last night, filling
c the hall -to' the doors and greet-
William Offerman, for Supervisor, prom
ised" liberality toward : schools. 1 economy
in \ every ; other; department, - should he be
elected.- '. '..;., ,t"V'.'- ... 7..,
A. K.Daggett was the presiding officer
of -.the 'meetlngi' ' Alexander Campbell
made .the . first speech, ;. pleading for har
mony, in- the party and loyalty to. the can
didates. < J. M. Wilkens, : John Farnham
and Dr. C. : A.. Glover each spoke ; briefly
of -his '.candidacy. II s -.\u25a0""\u25a0' \u25a0'."\u25a0\u25a0-
• • \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 •'••\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 ! >'>«r,i>»ii,i-i
side ' of , Market street, and I can assure ; you.
gentlemen,' that I found . a" very, good . part of
the country there. It was the, best friend: to
me I ever had. .1 was in Cuslness there'ln one
place for over thirty-flve years, and the clothes
that I have on to-night- were purchased by : the
proceeds of the- money I made on • Tar • Flat.
(Applause.) . . ~ . : ...
"' Gentlemen,* I am very, glad to ' see you Re
publicans.here this evening. . I • shall be pleased
to know that- you all go to the polls on y elec
tion day and .do as I shall — vote the Republican
ticket \u25a0 from . top to bottom, lj do not know, as
I have very. much more, that I can say this
evening, but I am glad to see you and I am
thankful, for, your demonstrations. (Applause.)
i I say no man can afford to leave the support
of the men who have done this for the city of
San Francisco and go to untried people.;!:-*; V
Mr. Schmitz undoubtedly is a nice. man.
Against him I' have got not one word to say.
But I do not see that because a gentleman :1s
the greatest' leader of ; a "Florodora"- march
that he is \u25a0 the representative '.of the ! labor of
San Francisco.' (Laughter and 'applause.) '\u25a0\u25a0' I
do. not see 'that "because a man, is a musician
that his sympathies, are any more 'with the
laboring man who uses his plck'and his shovel
belonging to the Primary League and the other
belonging to the regular Republican party.
(Laughter.) Neither of them owes < any allegi
ance to the Democratic party. Neither of them
ought to expect the support of a single Demo
crat In this city and no man ought to claim
that the. labor vote of the city will go against
the . administration that has given us aa good
a government as the present, that < has. given'
us as low a tax rate, that has given us as big
a surplus to put into sewers and schools and
streets, that has paid oft! a back debt of some
three hundred and thirty odd thousand dollare.
We have got a triangular tight In San Fran
cisco. ..We have Republicans ' nominated, ' one
enthusiastic indorsement of Joseph Sadoc
Tobin's candidacy for Mayor San Fran
cisco last night showed that in. him lies
the hope for .a realization' 1 * of the plan of
city government on business principles. .:
Joseph S. Tobin,' Mayor, 'was last night
accepted as the solution of the problem
that has made old men, with the city's
interests at heart, gray, and young men
that think, grave.
Ex-Governor James H. Budd, who pre
sided, was enthusiastically received and
compelled by the sheer force of his audit
ors' demand to develop his introductory
remarks into a full-fledged speech.
D. M. Delmas \u25a0 delivered an address
which even that ' past grand master of
the art of oratory has rarely if ever sur-.
passed. John . H. Marble • of the Typo
graphical Union also spoke and Joseph S.
Tobin, the candidate for Mayor, made a
few telling remarks. -
Ex-Governor Budd spoke in part as fol
lows: . ,'\u25a0.'?<
Alludes to Poor Character of the Boss=Ridden Candi=
i dates on the Republican Ticket.
m ™ HE mass meeting held last even
[1 Ing in Metropolitan Hall was the
R most successful and significant
J^ gathering of the present cam
paign. The auditorium was
crowded to the walls, the gal
leries thronged to the roof with as repre
sentative a mass of citizens as could well
be got together in any American metrop
olis. There* was the serious face of the
business! man and the toil-worn counten
ance of the day laborer. The bright, alert
face of the mechanic was well represent
ed. There were clerks from stores and
offices and there were old men nearly ready
to turn over the duties of citizenship to
younger heads, but still deeply interested
In the welfare of the city in which they
had bu:lt their homes and raised their
families. Pervading the whole audience
•was an earnestness rarely seen at a po
„ litical meeting. : .' :
>( It wan more than a mass meeting. , It
was a city's plea' for a civic government
on the Abraham Lincoln model, a govern
ment for and by the people.. And in its
- \u25a0 ,1 \u25a0.-\u25a0\u25a0" •-.\u25a0\u25a0-.-•' "*' • ' • ? \u25a0 . \u25a0.• \u25a0•.\u25a0••'.\u25a0'.-\u25a0
Asa R. Wells Relates Some Personal History and
Sheriff Lackmann Is Given an Ovation.
EUGENE E. SCHMITZ and his
corps of union labor offlce-seek
, era entertained' two fair-sized
audiences at Teutonla and Du
veneck halls last night. The
v ' meeting . places were . thronged
by, the Irrepressible boys in search of elec-\
tlon, cards and ! others who had been | at- 1 .
.' tracted by curiosity to see \u25a0 and hear the
man who 'aspires ; to' the Mayoralty.
Schmltz's voice was not in the best trim
for effective work and his jokes about To-'
bin's polo pony and his overpowering love
for the workingmen . of San Francisco fell
with the customary dull thud upon un
appreciative ears.
The" workingmen of the Thirty-first Dis-.
trict gathered at Teutonia Hall, 1322 How
ard street. The chairman was Joseph
Millmore. The crowd listened apathetical
ly to, the' various candidates, including
; Patrick J. Coyle, Thomas F. Egan and
John J. Daughney,' who told of the \ or
ganization of the Union Labor, party and
of their Individual merits to serve the city;
*as no set of men 'have ever before served
It. .When Schmitz \u25a0 arrived the claquers
gave the signal to . the army of lads and :
shrill whistling was indulged In for. sev
eral seconds. Then Schmitz told his audi
ence that the opposition papers would say
in the morning 'that : the . hall was empty
. and that the^ applause which greeted him
was •. the soft moaning of the night breeze
playing about Twin" Peaks. ' Having thus
- Introduced ! the issues ' of the campaign' he
.repeated, the saying of Abraham Lincoln
that: "you can fool all the people some of
NORTH BEACH VOTERS GREET
THE REPUBLICAN CANDIDATES
ELOQUENCE OF DELMAS FILLS
AUDIENCE WITH ENTHUSIASM
Labor \ Candidate for
ft. '-'re ii a
Mayor Talks .to
the Boys.
SCHIMTZ IS
EXTENDING
GLAD HAND
DEMOCRATIC .ORATORS WHO OCCU
PIED THE PLATFORM AT THE
GREAT MASS MEETING LAST
NIGHT AT METROPOLITAN HALL,.
METROPOLITAN HALL RE-ECHOES
THE CHEERS FOR JOSEPH S. TOBIN
VOLUME XC— NO. 148.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY,; OCTOBER 26, 1901.
The San Francisco Call.Honest Discharge of Duty if Elected
HAS BUT ONE PLEDGE
~ TO GIVE TO THE PEOPLE
As between two such candidates as he and
Mr. Wells one would have to cohose neither.
Luckily we can choose neither, and still can
vote for good, honest, progressive government
and for government on* the American plan.
Mr. Tobin In these respects Is "as strong and
as straightforward and as desirable a candi
date as his opponents are weak and impossible.
He is leading the labor forces, the Germans,
the Irishmen, the employers, the Primary
League," and is champion of labor. (Laughter
and applause.) Why, the man is more than a
musician, he Is a whole orchestra.
You all remember the Primary League.
Mr.^Schmitz was a member of the Primary
League, : but he was not annihilated by the
defeat.- You have all seen the gentleman In
the orchestra who plays the triangle and the
cymbals and the drum, and you know the fa
cility with which' he lays down one and takes
up the other. , Mr. Schmitz is playing that
very orchestra.
I am told that Mr. Schmitz Is a very fine
musician. Indeed, he is proving it to us every
day by the skill with which he is playing on
all these different strings in the campaign
He is asking the Germans to vote for him be
cause his name is Schmitz and because he be
longs to a German society, and he is asking
the Irish to vote fpr him because he has Irish
relatives, and he is asking the . employers to
vote for him because he owns a prosperous
manufacturing business, and he is asking
union men to vote for him because In spite of
the fact that he owns a prosperous manufac
turing business he belongs to a union and
holds a Job which otherwise ?ome man not for
tunate enough to own a manufacturing busi
ness would have.'
John H. Marble of the Typographical
Union was next introduced and spoke in
thoughtful, earnest" strain, and in spite
of cries of. "Delmas" toward the end of
his speech, was listened to attentively and
finished amid rousing oheers.
He called the attention of his auditors
to the importance of electing a Mayor
and Board of Supervisors pledged to the
acquisition, of public utilities. He spoke,
he sa.d, as a union. man to union men
Speaking of Schmitz, he said:
Gives a Union* Man's Idea of the
Head of the Labor
: : Ticket.-
MAKBLE SAYS SCHMITZ ~~~
IS A WHOLE ORCHESTBA
At this point Mr. Tobin appeared upon
the platform. The audience arose, en
masse and cheered ' the/ candidate- for
Mayor repeatedly. Budd, about to take his
seat, was recalled by shouts of "Go dn,
Jim," but' said: '
"You said/Go ahead, Jim'; you meant
'Joe.* didn't you?"
Governor Budd then introduced Mr. To
bin as the next Mayor of San Francisco,
When the cheering, which lasted several
minutes, had subsided, Tobin addressed
the meeting as follows: i:\\ r _.;< - : *
They eay, my union friend, that you will
vote for Mr. Schmidt. Why? Because he Is
a union man? Is that any reason? I myself
am as firm a believer In unions and always
have been as anybody in the world. I believe
in them so strongly that I would fortify them
by law and cause them to be Incorporated so
that they might not only represent labor lt
eelf. but be responsible for any wrongdoings
of their organization.
TTnions are the conservators of labor and
they are the protectors of capital. But they
never can in this world fulfill their purposes
by going into politics as an independent, sep
erate party. (Applause.)
I say the unions make a mistake. That Is
not their province. Neither capital on the one
fide, nor labor on the other, as organizations,
have any right in politics. Each has a right
lo protect itself from aggrandizement of
vicious men and vicious parties.
* The fight to-day, my friends. Is between
Bchmltz, the Primary Republican League and
Mr. Tobin, WflU is not in it. You may have
some doubt about this proposition, " but when
you go around town and ask your \u25a0 neighbor
quietly, who Is perfectluy .willing to discuss the
proposition with you. "Who are you going to
vote for for Mayor?" I don't; think ;you will
find very many that are going to %-ote for Mr.
Wells. I think that you will find that the ma
jority are going to vote for Mr. Tobin (Ap
plause.) The vote will stand: Tobin first,
Schmitz second and Wells flagged. (Laughter
and applause.) ~ - \u25a0-
I agreed when I got up here this evening to
talk that I wouldn't speak over live— minutes,
and I Intended to keep my promise, but like
all politicians I sometimes break It (laughter),
unintentionally, though. j ' • \u25a0• .-•• .-
£?;ys Organized Labor Makes Big
Mistake by Going Into
Politics.
EX-GOVEBNOR BUDD IS
A BELIEVES IN UNIONS
The chairman— Well, you have heard the next
Mayor. Now, ladies and gentlemen, what do
you think of him? (Renewed cheering.) He
talked -like a man from the shoes up, didn't
he? (Cheers and cries of "You bet!") You
didn't see any of the Knglish dude about him.
That gentleman talks like a man. He Is an
athlete. Ke goes out in the field and Is not
afraid of tumbling off a horse and breaking his
neck playing polo and having somebody say he
is, English for doing it. I would rather see him
playing polo on the back of a mustang than
standing on the corner smoking cigarettes. It
is a manly sport and gives him vigor to go
about his business. He Is young. He tells you
to drive him out of the hall. No man of his
position in the community, of his age, : of his
antecedents -can afford to surrender that which
the people of his native city have given to him
This man, if .elected Mayor, will make the best
Mayor that iSan Francisco has ever had or
ever will have. (Cheers.)
This man, If elected Mayor, will be the
Mayor of the city and" will bring to this city
the trade of the Pacific, the islands of the
sea. of the Orient, and the Russian trade,
lie Is a commercial man in commercial busi
ness, and he has sh> wn you to-n ; tht that he
stands square-footed, like a soldier to the
front. He don't desert, and he don't retreat.
(Applause.) The next on the list (cries of
Delmas, Delmas). We will give you one more
before Mr. Delmas, because if Mr. Delmas'
starts In you never will leave your seats 1 . He
is the greatest orator in the United States
and I have heard them all. I now desire to
Introduce to you a member of the Typographi
cal Union, Mr. Marble.
After mildly .rebuking. those whose 1 cries"
of "Delmas" 'had interrupted the former
speaker and begging for himself an un
interrupted hearing, Delmas spoke as-fol
lows: - ;.-• : '' . . . Y ,
Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen: : -Since
my residence is in the Valley of Santa Clara
and there my voting; place, and since • I own
little property in thia city and- can exercise
here no political rights, some may be; tempted
to ask whether I <io not realize that my ap
pearance upon this platform la an Intrusion
into other people's affairs, or 'fail to • appre"
elate that I am attempting to lake a hand In
matters not of my concern. To such my reply
must be that these very grounds were urged
by me uuon the gentlemen who" were kind
enough to extend to me the Invitation to ad
dress you this evening, and that they in their
wisdom saw proper to overrule them/. ..:\u25a0
Upon reflection I cannot but believe-that thero
are some good and proper grounds- to.: justify
their decision. A -year and more . ago it. was
my privilege standing on these very' boards- to:
meet the assembled people of this city,: crowd
ing then as they do now every available spot
in this snacious hall, and to address them
upon the great principle of democracy. From
that day to this whenever called upon. to raise
my voice in the same cause I have never, re
mained silent. It would ill have become •• me,
therefore, to refuse now. The principles in
volved in this election are— I use the word In
its broad sense as indicating a system ofgov
ernments, and not in its narrow and political
meaning— democratic. As outlined., by public
opinion the issue is, shall the future govern
ment of this city be honest or corrupt? Shall'
it be intrusted to men selected by 'the people
representing the interests of the . people i and
the whole people, or shall it be turned over to
those who have been selected "by ' political
schemers to obey the behests and further the
narrow and selfish Interests , of a few.-.con
scienceless corporations, or even > shall It 'be
intrusted to those who, selected .from a special
nnd exclusive class, are to -wield 'it fpr., the
particular interest of that class? . ;.'.-'• .-'*^V.J
If this be the Issue the battle .then, is truly
between the principle of true democracy on ; the
one side and. the' principle- opposed 1 to true
democracy en r the --other. ; -In- such a battle
wherever fought I. -am, "in spirit -afjeast, ; en- J
listed. In-such, • if the field .'.JsVjrwI thin ~.my
reach, I stand, ready at all times"; tor shoulder
my musket and take my place : - in .the ranks-.
Therefore-1t is that! have accepted the.invi
tation to address you to-night. -\u25a0,.\u25a0?•\u25a0><.»\u25a0_\u25a0
After all, J\know of no reason. 1 why M should
feel llke;a stranger among strangers;' Stand
ins here surrounded 'as 1 'am,- looking • upon
this familiar; multitude.- greeted by \u25a0: the < accus
tomed welcome of. friendly voices, coming here
to contend for those principles pf gpod : govern
ment which I ' have advocated all . my -life. -I
know of no reason why I should riot 'feel like
the McGregor-when his foot is upon- hlB : native
heath— none .which should make*me ' doubt that
wherever' the'.pedpleof' California* art assem-'*
Wed upon any public occasion, standing among
them I am at home.- .-- •\u25a0 ...
ELECTION > OF. DEMOCRATIC \u25a0 : • ;
TICKET-IS 'A NECESSITY
Gives as .His Reason That It Stands
for the Interests of Good Gov
ernment.
.1 have come here to advocate the electlotiof
that ticket which happens to have been placed
before the people by the regularly organized
Democratic party of this. city. I have come
to do so, because the interests of good govern
ment, in my opinion, require it. I have come
to do so because the welfare of this' city, In
my judgment, depends upon the issue of to-day.
I desire ' to address a few i words to the men
who belong to' each of the recognized political
parties now In the field. \u25a0 \u25a0 ' | . \u25a0• \u25a0
I shall begin with you Republicans. To you,
the honest and independent Republican voters
of this city, I shall first speak. I know that
In national political Issues we do not agree.
Our difference may be waived, for none of those
Issues are here Involved. Taking a broader
view of our relations and political faiths, how
ever, there is one point upon which we cer
tainly are at one. You claim as the greatest
Republican your illustrious founder, Abraham
Lincoln. I look upon him as the greatest Dem
ocrat. ' There must, then, be something com
mon between us. What Is It? I believe It Is
this: Lincoln's broad and generous humanity;
his constant love of the'.plaln people and'un
swerving devotion to their Interests; the'dedl
catlon of his life to' the enforcement of the doc
trine of ' the universal equality of man; his
struggle for good government and pure and
exalted political faiths. > ;. \u25a0-:-
Reading your duty by the light of
the great principles which governed
him, can you see your way clear, my
Republican friends, to supporting the
ticket which the Republican organi
zation places to-day before the people
of this cityP ." ; ' }
. Let me . begin with the nominees for Super
visors. I do not know them; am /not aware
that I have even heard their names. I have
been told and have read that there Is a sprink
ling of g-ood men among them. - But, accord-
Ing to the Judgment of. those most competent
to pass upon the subject, ' they are, taken in
the mass, most unfit to constitute the legisla
tive power of this metropolis. \u25a0 Take first the
Judgment of your candidate for Mayor, : Mr.
Wells. In its issue of the 22d of the present
month The San Francisco Call quotes Mr.
Wells as saying: . . . ; ;.; -2t*
"If I had seen the list of names (of nomi
nees for the Board of Supervisors upon the
Republican ticket) I would no more have ac
cepted the nomination . (for Mayor) than give
up my hope of going to heaven wheji I die." \u25a0
This statement has never been denied by Mr.
Wells.' On the contrary, when confronted with
it he has remained silent, and by his silence
confirmed its accuracy. • In the judgment of the
head of the ticket, then, his associates well
deserve the appellation of political highbinders
which was conferred upon them by the Chron
icle in Its Issue of the 15th of this month. - . if.
CALLS SOME NOMINEES
POLITIC AL HIGHBINDEBS
Candidate Wells' Demand, for. Their
Removal Was Peremptorily. De
nied by the Bosses.
"Wnat, Indeed, do these candidates, according
to .the best Republican authority, stand for?
In its issue of the lath -of this month the
Chr6nicle. after asserting that these men were
selected largely from disreputable • walks o£
life, and followed In the main disreputable or
degrading occupations, asserts that "they have
subscribed to the following programme: • •
To repeal the sidedoor ordinance. \u25a0' .. -.
' To repealthe anti-pool selling ordinance. '
To open Ingleside to unlimited racing. • -
..To renew the Geary-street railway franchise
To keep the water ratea- as -they, are except
increased payment by the ' city. ' ,
To give all contracts for city lighting to the
old gas and electric light , company, and to
keep out all Interlopers. "" , ' .
I To let the telephone company do as It pleases
and refuse franchises to all' rivals." -.'
This statement of. the Chronicle is repeated'
in its issue of a week later, and has never been
contradicted to this date. It \u25a0 is no wonder
then, that your candidate for Mayor,' In-sur
veying- this motley crowd of highbinders ex
pressed something of the \u25a0 same feelings \u25a0 that
Falstaff did when he surveyed • his armv «t
PilesVCured Without \u25a0 the Knife.
- ; Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Pile*
No Cure, No Pay. All druggists are author
ised • by the manufacturers of -i Pazo ; Ointment
to • refund money where it falls ; to ' cure • any
case of piles, no matter of how long standing
Cures ordinary • cases • in six days; the worst
cases \u25a0 in fourteen days. One ' application ' gives
ease and rest. - Relieves itching instantly. . This
is a new dlscoveryand.is the only pile remedy
sold • on • a positive guarantee, | no : cure no pay.
A free cample will be sent by mall to any one
sending their name and address. ::Prlce.'60c. If
your druggist don't keep it in stock send us. EOc
in stamps and we will forward a full size box
by mail. Manufactured. by Paris Medicine Co.'
St.Louis,Mo.,who also manufacture the. celebra
ted cold cure/ Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets.'
Our friend Wells the other evening. I believe
in this hall, told the citizens who listened to
him that in order to accomplish any results
it was necessary that the Mayor and the Board
of Supervisors ought to be of the same po
litical party.
Then If all that is conceded, according to
Mr. Wells, to take him at his own words, he
Is not in It. If he has already filed a certificate
of nomination;""and that fact I really doubt.
Two and a half cents for car fare. Have
vou thought of that? Have the people south
of Market street thought of what two and a
half cents each day for a school child means?
Five cents a day, if they go and take their
lunch to school with them. Five cents a day;
a quarter a week; more than a dollar a month;
more than twelve dollars a year for any one
child that a man wants to send to the public
tchools. If for no other reason in the world
than that this Board of Supervisors and Mr.
Tobin, who is one of the members, should be
re-elected. (Applause.) For two children it
will be twice as much, and the amount saved
to each man, each mechanic, each laborer, each
union man, is more than sufficient to pay the
entire tax. In ninety-nine cases out of a hun
dred, that he pays for the euppor» of .this mu
nicipality.
He is a member of the present Board of Su
pervisors, and as such is one of tho»2 to whom
the credit is due for the srood work of the
present board. He has already served the city
of San Francisco as its Mayor pro tempore.
You will remember that as president of the
Board of Supervisors he Is Mayor during the
Absence of the Mayor and as such has dis
charged the duties of the office.
The office of Mayor is the most Important in
the State of California. I do not except that
of Governor of the State. San Francisco is
one-fourth of California* • As San Francisco
thrives, as it grows, as it prospers, the State
of California must thrive and grow and pros
per. San Francisco needs a man of experience
in this particular line, a man of energy, a man
of ability. To-day we are looking across the
\u25a0waters of the Pacific to the Russian railroad
that Is about to turn loose into the vessels
that will meet it there the commerce of Eu
rope. We are looking to the Orient, we are
looking to the islands of the sea for an im
mense volume of trade. If the city of San
Tr&ncisco can get that trade It will be a.
rival In time of Xew York and the great East
ern cities. It will depend upon the energy and
it will depend on the ability of the officials
that you select. It will depend upon the Board
cf Supervisors that you may elect,- It will'de
pend upon the energy, the staying qualities,
the power to work night and day for the bene
fit of the city of Its Mayor as to whether or
not it will be a eide place in the commerce of
the world or the Queen of the Great West;
whether it will be the -controller of the Pa
cific or whether It will be a. village.
There is no more doubt of the election of Mr.
Tobin than there was *f my election when I
ran for Governor of this State. And the very
same people that did not think that I was too
much of a. dude to receive the labor vote
'south of Market street are the ' very same
peo> x t that will turn loose for Joe Tobin in the
election of next November and make him
Mayor of San Francisco. (Cheers.) And why
not? He Is a young man born and raised
among you. of a father that worked his way
up by toil from a laborine man to a position
of affluence. He is a man of ability, integrity
and intelligence. He is a lawyer of experience
and education. *"-:
. Him on Election
Day.
South of Market Will Turn Loose for
tobim- well surely
BE THE NEXT MAYOR
ar.d his heart and his tools than a man who
happens to be the attorney for a bank, as my
Iriend Sir. Tobin, the next Mayor of San
Francisco, is. (Applause and cries of "Sure."}
and again In the course of this campaign, and
1 repeat it now, this Is not a political issue;
it is a business issue. Every man who has his
money Invested in San Francisco, who owns
property In San Francisco, who has hia chil
dren at school in San Francisco is interested in
this campaign, not as a political partisan, but
as a man and citizen Interested in the welfare
of San Francisco. (Applause.)
I have pone about during the past few weeks,
and It has been to me a liberal education. I
have gone about among- all the classes, all, the
professions and all the grade* of society; .and,
while the Interviews that I have had have been
more than encouraging to me politically., they
have been a source of honest pride to me In
another respect. Almost every man— that I
have met when he has been interrogated as
to his political leanings has replied: "In na
tional affairs I am a Democrat" or "I am a
Republican," as the case may be, "but In mu
nicipal life I consider who Is the honest man
and who will best discharge his duty free from
the Influence of corporate aggression." (Ap
plause.) I say, gentlemen, that is a source of
pride to me and should be a source of pride
to each one of us. It shows tnat the seed that
has been Eown ie bearing- fruit, that men no
longer look upon their ticket to find the dis
tinctive mark Republican or Democrat.- but
they look for the distinctive mark, of honesty
cr dishonesty. (Cheers.) As I have traveled
from place to place in the city of Saw Fran
cisco it makes no difference whether the man
stood before the door of a xurnace with dis
tended veins \u25a0 and Eet muscles or -whether he
\u25a0worked in the heated shop, or whether he sat
at a merchant's desk, the invariable reply has
been, '.'We want practical business men in
office, men that we know are not bound by
any pledge, men that we know do not owe their
nominations to the influence of corporations or
bosses, but men who have been chosen for the
reputation they bear as men, free. Independent
and honest."
Ladies and Gentlemen: I am in this fight to
win. (Cheers.) I am in this fight to work to
win. I hope to win by all honorable, manly
means. ,But If to win I must descend to per
sonalities: if to win I must pledge my honor
to get votes; if to win I must bow my neck to
a corporation power; if to -win I must. forfeit
my place as an honest, reputable citizen — then.
In the words of that great warrior of *;ivic
virtue, that great political leader. Samuel J.
Tilden. if that be the cost, gentlemen, then let
me retire and take my place In the ranks of
my plundered fellow* citizens. (Great cheer-
Ing.) I shall win, but not at such a cost. I
shall win, I .hope, without forfeiting an ounce
of the respect that any man in the audience
had for me when I. started this campaign. (Ap
plause.) And, ladies and gentlemen. If I do
win. at .the end of two years, I hope to see
such an audience as this, and if I have in any
way abused the trust that you have placed in
me; if I have betrayed my honor as a citizen;
if I have sold myself to a corporation; if I
have cast my honor before a boss — then, ladies'
and gentlemen, I hope you will rise up and'
drive me In dishonor and disgrace from this
hall. (Round after round of cheers for Tobin,
the audience rising to their feet.)
RECORDS OF SUPERVISORS
MUST INSURE RE-ELECTION
LET me briefly enumerate the' services by" which this Board of Supervisors have : entitied
themselves to your recognition of their services. They have decreased taxation and'
brought the rate to the lowest point reached by any large American city; : They liave
permitted no property of any kind to escape taxation, enforcing the public burdens ;
equally upon the rich and the poor, equally upon powerful corporations and defenseless indi
viduals. They have also lowered water rates, thereby effecting a saving of $270,600' -to the
city. " They have lowered gas and electric light rates and vastly improved the service:' They
have, while keeping within the dollar limit, saved $655,000 for streets, sewers, public im
provements and schoolhouses. They have saved and economized $320,000 to pay school
teachers and creditors of the city for old indebtedness. In fine, as if to, place a .-final, and.
worthy crown upon their services, they have reduced the carfare to two and one-half cents
for school children, enabling the offspring of the poorest among you to avail themselves at
the smallest possible cost of all the advantages of your admirable School Department.—Ex
tract from the speech of Mr. Delmas at Metropolitan Temple last night. , ' V
And right hero the Important question arises:
Whose ordertf V has Mr. . Wells obeyed In this
matter?- Whose orders Is he obeying, now?
Whose •> orders - is - he \u25a0 likely to obey - hereafter ?
It • is . strongly suggested in the . Bulletin' s ar
ticles ; that - the \ men * whose orders Mr. , Wells
has | followed ; In • this ! matter so far are \u25a0'- a > Mr.
Max*. Goldberg— whom . I-- may : bo -r pardoned
for . never having heard of before— and another
gentl»Tnan,who occupies the Important position
of 'Chlcsf,' counsel of a number of "railroad com- N
panles and other. vast corporations doing;busi
ness'In'this 'city.' If: these be indeed the. men
who . i control \u25a0 .• and - are : likely to .-' control Mr.
Wells' ': actions, . in . whose V Interests r, do S you
•Imagine those actions will be? ; When expired
franchises , are : to be renewed ; or-, abolished,,
when street car • lines, waterworks,"; telephones
or : other • public utilities -are to be . acquired* by
the city.'.or.leftito bevmanaged for the benefit ,
On the 3d of this month the San Francisco
Bulletin, now his warm aad devoted supporter,
published • that . Mr. Welle had learned on the
preceding day that his friend, Mr. Flint, had
not been placed upon the Supervisorial ticket;
that In the evening he had sent. for Mr. Max
Goldberg (who Is Max Goldberg?) . and In
formed him that unless a place was made on
the ticket for Mr. Flint, he. Wells, would with
draw from the contest— his emphatic words be
ing: "Mr. Flint goes on or I go off." Mr.
Goldberg,' the Bulletin continues, at once tele
phoned to Mr. Herrln,' and then started for the
latter's house. The next morning • Mr. Gold
berg and Chairman Riordan met at Mr. Wells'
office, and there Mr. \ Wells reiterated that un
less Mr. Flint was at once put on he . would
withdraw for good. Shortly after this inter
view Mr. Wells, so the Bulletin's ' story con
tinues, , informed the Bulletin representative
that the leaders of the party agreed with' the
position he had taken, and Mr." Herrin so ex
pressed himself, and that if the change was
not made he should; certainly— I quote his own
words :. as reported in : the Bulletin * verbatim—
"retire; not only frqm ,the contest but from
politics for all time to come." kfl
Gentlemen, one-half • of ' that prediction has
proved' untrue. Mr. Wells has not retired from
the contest." It remains for you to determine
whether he shall prove a good prophet as ' to
the oLher • half— whether \u25a0 you will give hlm'on
election day leave to retire from, politics . for
all time to come. .-• ' V .
Thlo "Single episode, /I submit to your
candid Judgment, Is In . itself sufficient
to denote . the man. Through It his true
weak, vacfllating-and subservient character is
seen as through a glass. It fully justifies the
judgment pronounced upon him by . the r Chron
icle of October 23, . when it ; said: ; "He may
wince, he may flounce, but in the end he obeys
orders.". ' ;*:./- \u25a0 . - ' '
You remember the. words of that
other t elderly gentleman upon that occasion:
"If I' be. not ashamed of my army, I am a
soused curnet." . . - \u25a0
But: of Mr. Wells : himself , what manner of
man. is he? What are his qualifications" to oc
cupy the responsible position to which he
aspires? I think that hia true character is de
noted by one single episode of his life, ' which
lately took place. . . •- .,-..-.
"Well, as to my record, that is for you
to judge," replied the modest Sheriff.
..Joseph S. Nyland, Thomas W. Collins,
Fred . Kggers, George Alpers. John ' P.
Ahearn, Charles H. Stanyan, F. N. Bent
and W. H. George, candidates, for Super
visors; Ed J. Smith, for Tax Collector;
A. B. Mahonev, for- County Clerk; Harry
Baehr, for Auditor/ and Charles A. Low,
John?" some one asked from the audi
ence.- - - * - , \u25a0- ;-;
It has been charged in. some quarters that
the family of which Mr. Tobin is a
member fill important positions and exercise
a commanding Influence in the management of
the affairs of .that bank. Let me ask of those
who make '- such an accusation, why, In the
name of Justice and common sense, should they
not? Have they not been connected- with that
institution from Its Infancy? Have they not
watched over its cradle? Have they not seen
it by gradual and honest expansion grow up
to Its present commanding height?^ Have they
not for nearly half a century successfully
steered its bark through all storms without
disaster. Without , wreck, . even without panic?
What dictate, then, of business, of prudence or
of Justice should require that they abandon a
trust which they have for so many years filled
with such unswerving fidelity, such command
ing intelligence • and such - unvarying success?
But it . has been said by others that Mr.
Tobin Is too young to be a, Mayor of this city.
Depositors In 'the Hibernia Bank, of which a
large; number '. are now undoubtedly before
me. is he deemed too young to stand guard and
protect your Interests? Has he been proved un
worthy of that- trust? And If worthy of that
by what token do you decide that he Js too
young. to occupy the public position to which he
aspirec? He is, on , the contrary; in the very
prime . of manhood. • At bis age Napoleon xhm
Allow me to dwell for a moment upon that
point. Do you all realize what the Hibernia
Bank Is? Do you all appreciate its magni
tude? It is essentially a bank of the people.'
It is the keeper of the money of persons of
modest means and meager iflcbme; 78,000 de
positors appear upon Its rolls; $60, 000, 000 • con
stitute its deposits. It 13 a power in the land
and has been - so front a time coeval
almost with the existence of- the State
Itself. It • Is a -power, besides, which . has
always been exercised on the side of right. Jus
tice and good government. It is a power which,
during the panic of 1S93, was strong enough
with its vast resources and prudent foresight
to save the city from the most direful finan
cial disaster that had ever threatened to en
gulf its prosperity. To be connected with such
an institution as Mr. Tobin is Is in itself a
liberal education. To be connected with, such
an Institution is In Itself, a guaranty of faith
ful public service. To be connected with
such an institution Is in itself a pledge of
loftiness of character and fitness for public
service.
He has already served the public
\u25a0with credit to himself and honor, to
the city. He is one of that Board of
Supervisors whose record Republi
can journals proclaim to be without
stain. ITor is he otherwise wanting in
the management of affairs. He has
been for years connected with one of
the largest financial institutions, not
only of this city, but of the world.
He is now the chief counsel of that
great repository of the people's
money— the Hibernia Bank.
Ani now having contrasted the nominees of
the Board of Supervisors, let me contrast the
nominees who stand at the head of the ticket.
My opinion of "Mr. -Wells I have already suffi
ciently Indicated. Who, then, is Mr. Tobin?,
You all know. A young man born in this city
33 years ago," educated here, practicing among
you an honorable profession, married and hav
ing his home in your midst.
It is gratifying to note that the election of
this ticket seems to be conceded on all hands
as • a f oreffone conclusion. Why this conces
sion? Clearly because . party spirit is not suf
ficient to overcome public spirit. Clearly be
cause partisan politics are not "sufficient to
blind the eyes of honest Republicans to th»
corrupt origin of their own party ticket, the
unworthy character of \ the ' materials compos
ing It nor the destructive consequences which
would attend its election.
ing Makes Him an Ideal Man
.-.-!<. v for Mayor.
Latter's Legal ancTVinancial Train-
COMPAEES WEIiLS' CAEEER
WITH THAT OF TOBIN
Stops the Cough
And i works off the > cold. - Laxative Bromo
Quinine Tablets cure . a cold '- in one , day. No
Cure, -- No Pay. - Price- 25 ; cents. - - . »• : . \u25a0 ,. • • \u25a0. • -
1 1 have read its annals awry, if . such has
not been - the history of the Board of Super
.visors of this city for the eighteen or twenty
years preceding the charter, .. I speak, therefore -
of that which you all do know when I say that
at no time during that period would any party,
Democrat or Republican,* have dared— no party
in fact did dare — to renominate a Board of Su
pervisors after Its term had- expired. The pub
lic invariably heaved a sigh of relief at -the
disappearance of the old board and generally
with fatal >: fatuity . straighway . proceeded to
bend- their necks to : a yoke which, * though
wreathed with garlands of flowers, was no less
galling than before. \u25a0-,
It is a fact, therefore, - calculated . to arrest
attention that, . for the first < time in the his
tory of the city a party \u25a0 has ventured . to re
nominae its old Board of Supervisors. -Why?
The reason is given in the words of the Repub
lican paper which I have already quoted: ''No
scandal stains the record of their service." They
have discharged their duties - faithfully. They
have - served the people ; according to the dic
tates of their conscience. They have acted in
accordance with the "great' principles- of the
Democracy to which they belong. :Have you
heard that during their term public franchise*
had - been given • away to favorites ? \u25a0 Ha ve you
heard that great corporations \u25a0 have -been al
lowed to shirk the burdens of taxation? Have
you ! heard that they had yielded to -the cor
rupt wiles of - the emissaries • of ;. the money
power?. Have you heard that they have failed
to' stand up 'in behalf- of the j rights
of -the people against corporation blandish
ments or corporate bribes? What; on the con
trary, have you heard ? "What do you know ?
What do even their political '\u25a0 adversaries • con
cede? , Let me briefly » enumerate- the -. services
by which : this board . have entitled - themselves
to ' your ' recognition \u25a0: of \u25a0 , their • services. They
have decreased 'taxation and ; brought the I rate
to the lowest point reached, by. any large Amer
ican city.?; They have permitted'. no property of
any '\u25a0 kind to ; escape - taxation, enforcing \u25ba the
public .burdens: equally -upon, the rich- and'thp
poor, equally upon powerful corporations- and
\u25a0defenseless V : individuals. ,' : > They : •« have . \u25a0 low
ered-water rates, thereby effecting a saving of
$270,000 to the . elty.-T.vThey kave , lowered gas
Let me begin with examining the personnel
of the Board of Supervisors which your party
presents lor the public approval. In, an edi
torial of the 23d of this month The Call. "after
dwelling at length upon the fact that the
Republicans had received their nominations at
the hands of certain bosses and political ma
nipulators, proceeded to say:
•'The men named by the Democratic party for
Supervisors are men whom the stanchest . Re
publican can vote for without any sacrifice of
party loyalty or any lack of civic patriotism.
No scandal stains the record of their service.".
Permit me briefly to lay that record before you
and' to rehearse in a few words the public.his
tory of that board, j Before doing so, however,
permit me. to dwell upon the. fact -that a ma
jority of that board have been renominated and
constitute -the majority of the . nominees upon
the present Democratic ticket. This renomina
tion of "a former board constitutes a new de
parture In | the political annals • of San Fran
cisco. I cast no slander upon this city when 1
say - that never before within the , memory of
living men has any party here denominated a
Board of Supervisors Rafter its term had ex
pired. Such bodies . had generally become no
toriously so corrupt • that , their renomination
would have invited derision and insured defeat.
My recollection goes back to eighteen or twen
ty . years before the present charter. During
that period this city had invariably been -. In
flicted with boards which : In the end never
failed to forfeit the confidence of the people.
Under the old regime had not the Solid Nine
become one of the chronic cancers of the body
politic? Was not every public sheet filled week
after week and month after month with de
nunciation of their methods? Was not the pub
lic mind kept in constant alarm with'apprehen
sions of their schemes of favoritism of corrupt
practices and of .public plunder? Was it not
notorious that they were \u25a0 manipulated at will
by the vile stipendiaries of plundering corpora
tions, and that . in return for . favors granted or
bribes received they 'stripped .the" city, of fran
chises -of incalculable .value, basely, connived
at evasions of taxation, and, In the Interest of
private prof.t, unjustly refused to lighten pub
lic burdens ? . \u25a0 - - .. . " .
To you now. my Democratic friends, I speak.
You have reason to be proud of the contrast
which your ticket presents to that which I
have just \u25a0 dealt with.' You -have '.'reason to
exult over the praise which your political ad
versaries of old have bestowed upon the work
of your convention and the character of ; its
nominees. -. \u25a0\u25a0
Democrats Have Reason to- Exult
Over Praise Given Their Nomi
*-' r \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0': nees by Their Opponents.
EXCELLENT .CHARACTER
OF OPPOSING TICKET
Continued From Page. One.
.The new names which have been placed upon
our Supervisorial ticket are not all familiar to
me. If,' however, I am to Judge of them In
the mass by those that I do know, I cannot but
believe that they are not unworthy to be writ
ten side by side with those of the old mem
bers. Take, for ' instance, \u25a0 Henry Payot. The
whole community knows him as a' merchant
long established here— a gentleman of spotless
reputation, whose name is accepted everywhere
as the synonym of legitimate enterprise, integ
rity and fair dealing; whose reputation is that
of a man of broad capacity ror affairs,' exten
sive Information and liberal and enlightened
views. Take next John Landers. Every man
in San Francisco knows Colonel Landers. He
has been for more than a quarter of a century
one of the most efficient and most honored of
the insurance men of this city. ' Having for
years had great trusts confided to his bands he
has successfully carried on the varied affairs
of one of the largest assurance companies of
this city. No one who has ever met him, either
socially or In business, but would gladly
bear witness, to his" fairness and his liberality,
to. the generosity of his impulses- and. to the
kindness of his heart. ,Payot and Landers are
men whose hair is already sllvared. with age.
But' take a representative of more recent' birth.'
Take; for Instance, my . young friend, Knox
Maddox, who returned but a year ago covered
with honors from the halls of that venerable
university which Is this very week celebrating
its bi-centennlal. Born in the county which
has been my home for so . many years," and
from parents who were associates of my early
life, in him and his career I may be pardoned
for taking "an especial interest. I , am glad
to see him* so soon entering a public career. I
am proud to behold him enlisted In this, his
first campaign, under a banner uplifted in the
cause of good government. ,1 am beyond meas
ure delighted to contemplate mm thus early
following in the honored footsteps of his father
and grandfather, both of whom successively
represented— ably and honestly represented— the
county of Santa Clara in the Senate ' of this
State.- Far, Indeed, would the State have to go
to find worthier and abler representatives of
her cause than these. And, therefore, Judging
of the others with whom I hold slighter ac
quaintance, I take leave to repeat that these
names are a sufficient guarantee of the general
excellency of the rest.
They Represent the Commercial In
terests of the City and Are of ~
Known Probity.
HIGH STAITDIN-G OF MEN
CHOSEN AS CANDIDATES
and electric' light"' rates and vastly improved
the service. They have, while keeping within
the' dollar limit, saved $655,000 for streets,
sewers, public improvements and schoolhouses.
They have saved and economized $320,000 to pay
school teachers and .creditors of the city for
old indebtedness. In fine, as If to place a
final and worthy crown upon their services,
they have reduced the car fare to 2>4 cents for
school children, enabling the offspring of the
poorest among you to avail themselves at the
smallest possible cost of all the advantages of
your admirable Public School Department. \u25a0
May I not say, then, with prophetic confi
dence that as it is the first time In the his
tory of the city that a Board of Supervisors
has been renominaed. so it will be the \u25a0 first
time that a board will be re-elected.
does it happen that such un
desirable nominations were made? Is
it because there are no good men in the
Republican party, no men competent
to fill these or any other public sta
tions? The fact seems— indeed, it ia
conceded — to be thai the convention
which placed . these men in noimina
tionwas composed of mere dummies;
that their work was cut and dried be
forehand, and that they merely went
through the idle ceremony and empty
farce of ratifying a choice not of their
own choosing and placing before the
people nominees not . of \u25a0„ their own
selection'. This : charge has been so
often and so openly; made, j it is so
fully substantiated by ;the character
of the nominees, that it would be'do
ing violence to common sense to doubt
it to be true. \u25a0;';\u25a0; 1' V ;./-;'
To you, -then, ' I appeal, \u25a0 the honest,- inde
pendent, self-reliant Republican,., voters, of .San
Francisco. Will you allow yourselves to be
used as the- members of., that convention . were
used? Will. you., too,, consent- to .play: merely
.the pe'rfunctory^part .. of \u25a0' blindly : ratifying the
work of bosses and political tricksters?' Will
you deliberately place the government of this
city for two years to come under the manage
ment of a gang o* men which one of the lead
ing papers of your own party has Justly/de
nominated a sang of political highbinders? I
do not believe it; I cannot believe it. But if •
you repudiate these, to what .quarter will you
turn? Before you determine that question I
beg you to listen to what I am about to say
to the Democratic portion of this audience. .
of private individuals, when- the -property of
corporations is to be taxed at its proper value
or' allowed practically to .escape taxation, when
water, , gas and electric 'rates are to be fixed,
when contracts for public lighting and other
public ' services are ' to be let, whose will be
.the orders that ilr. AVells will obey? Whose
will.be ;he 'Wishes: that he will comply with ?
AVhose . the interests that he ; will subserve?
Will it be those of the people of this city or
those 'of. the clients of the men whose orders
he so far has taken? - .'
the time; you can fool some of the people
all • the , time; but'. you can't fool all the
people all- the time."
..The -lads whistled ferociously at this
wise saw.. and when Schmitz said he would
as Mayor represent all the people and not
a class' only, a.- capitalist in the rear of
the 'hair created a- commotion by falling
off -his chair. Then Schmitz extended the
peroration of J. T. AIcEntee, candidate for
Supervisor, who was urging his hearers
not to allow the politicians "to crucify
labor on a cross of gold." Schmitz took
the stand and repeated his speech. There
was some enthusiasm, but It lacked soul.
It was of that quality which depresses
rather than Inspires. Other speakers were
Robert J. Loughery, Thomas F. Eagan.
John F. Dillon. William J. Kenney. \V. D.
Getchell. Charles Harcourt. J. M. Murphy.
George B. McClellan and Thomas Reagan.
:"H"H"i":-j"i-i"!"i"i"i":-v-:"i^-:"!"i"i"i^»
Great -was already Emperor of the French. At
his age Alexander Hamilton had already filled
the highest public station in the administration
of Washington. At his age William- Pitt had
already been for ten years Prime Minister of
England. At hia age Alexander had already
conquered the world. What folly, then, is It to
make of his youth a crime or a bar to his le
gitimate ambition to serve the public.
But if by training and by business associations
of himself and his family for many years the in
terests of Mr. Tobin are inseparably interwoven
with those of the great mass of the population
of this city, so is he by birth and origin. He
comes of that great stock from which many
of the most illustrious soldiers, .enlightened
statesmen, brilliant orators and renowned finan
ciers have descended— the stock of the plain
yeomanry of Ireland. ' Of that origin he is
Justly proud. His words spoken la one of the
public halls of this city yesterday evening
should ring In the ears of all those who have
undertaken to be hia detractors. He then said:
'The people I am proud to call my own com
menced their life in this land in as humble
circumstances as any man in this hall. By
their efforts they have risen to a condition of
comparative wealth. Their prosperity I have
shared. But. gentlemen. I have never forgot
ten that my father entered this city a poor
man. I have Dever forgotten that my father
worked on the streets of this city, and any
man that says I am not the friend of the work-
Inrman lies."* :\u25a0: •-.\u25a0
So much for the past. So much for what
Has been done by the Board of Supervisors of
whom. Mr. Tobin was one. \u25a0What of the fu
ture? Time will not permit my examining in
detail the principles embodied In the platform
to whose support Mr. Tobin and his fellow
nominees are pledged. Let me take one single
illustration: I refer to the Geary-street fran
chise. The acquisition of this franchise will
be the flm step in the great work of acquir
ing the public, utilities of this city, which is
destined to purify and revolutionize it3 whole
government. What says the platform upon
that subject? It says: "We pledge our nomi
nees to assume, on behalf of the city, owner
ship and operation of the Geary-street road and
to propose necessary extensions, in order^ t-»
give all parts of the city a car line operated
in the public Interest." What says. the. head:
of the Democratic ticket ur,on the same point V
Meeting the question in a fair and manlike way
nfJ"!^ 8^ " T^ ntbe Planks pledging nomi
nees of the Democratic party -to- iho. sn Oiuii
acquisition of municipal utilities I can do n0
more than quote and indorse the language of
the charter, the. established will of the people
of this city and' county. • • • Upon the sub
ject of the Geary-street franchise I desire to
say that • • * the road snould be acquired
by the city, transformed into an electric road,
placing the wires underground, and operated
for the city and by ttae city." Upon this great
and momentous question nothing could be more
straightforward or explicit. Contrast it with
the utterance of Mr. Wella upon the same sub
ject, who said: "At my home a Democratic
friend told me that the question of the Geary
street cable road franchise was cutting a fig
ure in politics this year. If that is so I have
not heard of it. • • • I don't see why the
matter should cut any figure in politics."
Politics Tail to Advance the Labor
ing Classes Toward the Goal
They Are Seeking.
THIBB CLASS OF VOTERS
THAT DEMAND ATTENTION
. And now there is a third class of voters -whoso
attention I would enlist for a few moments,
and to whom T would address with an espe
cial appeal a few words:.
tVorkingmen of San Francisco, where in this
contest do you purpose to stand? Putting the.
question In different form, where do your true
Interests lie? >a^~*
A convention composed of delegates from
some of your uniona— Dy no. means all—has nom
inated and placed in the field a municipal
ticket purposely composed of men selected ex
clusively from your own ranks, and pledged
to support your own especial interests. - This
ticket makes an especial appeal for your sup
port. Of the names which compose It I have
no knowledge which would Justify me to speak
otherwise than in terms of entire respect.
That from among th* ranks of labor^candi
dates can be selected who in point of charac
ter, integrity, and devotion to principle need
fear no comparison with any equal ' party of
men selected by any political party or organi
zation I fully believe and do not hesitate to
proclaim. That srich a selection has been made
in the present case it would not aid my argu
ment to deny. Yet I cannot give that ticket
my. support. Sympathizing fully with the ef
forts of all who labor and are heavy laden, in
full accord with the grand and noble move
ment which is now going on over the face of
the whole civilized globe to uplift into the
light and sunshine of a happier condition the
great mass Of toiling and suffering humanity
a follower of Jefferson, holding with unswerv
ing devotion to the faith proclaimed by him
that all men are created equal and that govern
ments should protect the equal rights of alt
and confer special privileges upon none, believ
ing that the political equality which
has rewarded the struggles of the
century which has Just expired is
destined to be crowned In tho century now Just
born by corresponding economic equality, look
ing upon labor as the true source of all life;
the foundation of all wealth and the condition
of all civilization. I yet do not hesitate to
i proclaim that this effort cannot but fail to
advance the laboring classes toward the (foal
for which they are striving. "Why I hold these
views. It may be proper for you to ask, and
it is Jostle* to myself that I should answer.
When upon the field of Gettysburg. Abraham
Lincoln uttered the ever memorable sentiment
that this nation was- dedicated to the proposi
tion that all men are created equal and im
plored heaven not to permit the government of
the people, by the people and for the people
to perish, from the earth, he pronounced the
most memorable condemnation of all class gov
ernment that ever fell from the lips of man.
Enlightened by his teaching and inspired bJ
his lofty sentiments. . you. the worklngmen ( J
San Francisco, and your fellow laborers 17
every. State and city of this Union, have ever
justly condemned a government by the money
class for the benefit of the money power. •< For
the selfsame reason that I agree with you In
that condemnation I must disagree with you
when you yourselves seek to establish a govern
ment by your own clas3 for the benefit of your
own class. The - wrong in one case is no • less
than - In the other. The principle which con-
glad hand to his hearers and said his elec
tion would strike the fear of God in the
hearts of professional politicians. The
Schmitzian voice; which has been falling
gradually, gave out at this juncture and
the orator retired amid the whistling of
the crowd. -
At Duveneck Hall, corner of Church and
Twenty-fourth streets, a crowd of young
men, few'of whom had attained their ma
jority,,shouted with gusto when the tall
candidate arrived, In time to interrupt the
CANDIDATE EUGENE E, SCHMITZ EXTENDS GLAD HAND.
NORTH BEACH VOTERS GREET
The advice given by Meyer . Bloom is
good and sound. Wells and"Cobb should
profit by it. "Candidates should exercise
caution and care in dealing: with persons
•claiming to. represent the Peddlers 1 Asso
ciation.',' As to the $30 reported to have
been given for the indorsement, "Spuds"
iBurke may spend it where it. will do the
most good for the cause he represents.
It is true that Joseph s5. Tobin and Eu
gene E. Schmitz declined* to plank up $'*),
but that declination did. not : discourage
"Spuds." He was reprehensible, however,
for the fact that he was not on the spot
himself to give Wells and Cobb three
cheers when they "alighted from the
coupe. Even in that district, which Mr.
Wells speaks of as Tar Flat, the ordinary
courtesies of the campaign should be re
spected by the push element.
An enterprising politician of the "push"
species known' as "Spuds" Burke induced
Asa R. Wells -and Guardian W. H. Cobb
to.,-make. an expedition to Folsom street,
near, Fourth, night.before' last; to appear
before* the 'Peddlers' Union and receive
th ®;.. Peddlers' ,. indorsement- of -Wells , for
.Mayor. \u25a0 'Mr.-- Wells hired' a coupe and
along with Cobb visited several halls, but
failed -to find -the place- where- t-he -pod
dlers. were^dn session. The story goes that
."Spuds'* obtained $50 for the promised in
.dorsement. .When Wells and Cobb. found
they had been bunkoed they drove rapidly
away from . the. scene. The facts of the
visit leaked out.* .Now comes the presi
dent of the Peddlers' Union with the 'fol
lowing
•, \u25a0:>:. . SAN FRANCISCO. Oct.. 23,1901. ,
. . EdUor; f of...Xhe,,Call-Sir:_TQur_attentlonvls
called tQ'the factthat this mornlngrs, issue con
nected one Thomas Burke, " alias "Spuds"
Burke, with the Peddlers' Association of this
city. I desire to sa» as the president of this
corporation that Burke, is in no' manner ccn
-neeted with ,bUr' organization and he : is not
authorized to.use the name of ..the "Peddlers'.
Protective Association." The Peddlers' Asso
ciation has ! taken' no- Interest in - the. local -po
litical fight and will indorse no ticket or can
didates tor office this year. Any person using
the name of our organization is an impostor
and candidates should exercise caution and care
in dealing with persons claiming to. represent
us. Very truly, MEYER BLOOM, President, ,
\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 "<:- ;'. \u25a0 40G Drumm street.
Wells Was Bunkoed.
...:\u25a0 out;;of''a- total of 52.O0S votes.
At .that election -Asa\R. Wells/ candidate
for Auditor, received 24,717 votes. . For the
coming : municipal "election 78,000 citizens
are \u25a0 registered. \lti is j estimated | that the
vote \ will, approximate 60,000. ; Indications
at^this hour- point: to "Tobin's \ success,' as
he* is daily gaining -votes while .Schmitz"
and Wells are losing ground., \u25a0 • \u25a0 .., •.-.-.\u25a0
;: The supporters qf-Tobin have completed
arrangements "active work in every
district of the city- from this L-time; until
election day. The campaign is to be en
livened and the enthusiasm of citizens In
spired by „ the eloquence 'of gifted orators.
-Mr., Tobin is a good talker hlmself> and
\u25a0 wins strength wherever he speaks. -The
.'Native Sons will contribute- to -the fund
of'.oratory In behalf- of the principles of
igood government which Mr. Tobin Tep
-resehts'.'. \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0 v \u25a0 . . ..- •
.:• Candidate Wells -ma"de a speech last
night at Garibaldi Hall. The speech was
brief. < Only. 1 * a few words, were ut
tered" by the' nominee. Three- tijnes he
said, "Gentlemen, I am very • glad .to
seeyou.'V The gladness of Mr.' "Wells last
night can. ..be understood in. view of; his
disappointment the night -before, :•. when
he; was out after! dark in -quest of fin au-.
dieriee of peddlers. Indeed the- candidate
was glad 'to see somebody: last .night -to
make . up ;for : the -disappointments,' of the*
'night before.' \u25a0 Excluding the; three, times
that-.-he said, : ''Gentlemen,- I ain" very
glad* to see -you,"' the/ speech
of --about 200. words,'-. •-With; /the' consent'
of\the campalgn/committee" the/ .speech
may. be -^repeated, next week.' Cobb
should eliminate v from- Wells' address of
200 words all .reference » to Tar Flat.
There will not be much. of the speech left
when these words are eliminated, but the
wrath ;of good citizens in a fine section
of the city south of Market "street • may
be appeased. •\u25a0 • .— v \u25a0-\u25a0 ' - • - -.....
#The cig-ar dealers say the programme
to be carried out,; should .Wells happen
to.pe elected- Mayor, is the appointment
or Mose Gunst to the Police Commission.'
The policemen would then -be expected ,.ia.
smoke the General Arthur cigar. ,
A ' s the" ~ I campaign ' progresses
. Ak : Joseph S. Tobin, nominee for
/ „ Mayor, gains in public favor.
_f^^^^ Two years eigo, as a candidate
v \u25a0' 7^-, for. Supervisor, he received 25,127
Night Ride of Wells
in Pursuit of the
< Peddlers' Union.
citizens. I shall win, but not at such a cost. I shall win, I hope, without forfeiting an
ounce of the respect that any man in. the audience had for me when I started this campaign.
And if I do win, at the end of two years I hope to see such an audience as this, and if I have
in any ? \vay abused the trust that you have placed in me; if I have betrayed my honpr as a citi- •
zen; if T have sold myself to a corporation; if I have cast my honor before a boss, then I
hope you will rise up and drive me in dishonor and disgrace from this hall. — Extract from"
the speech of Mr. Tobin at Metropolitan Temple last night. •" j
READY TO STAND, IF ELECTED,
UPON RECORD HE WILL MAKE
1AM in this fight to win. I am in this fight to work to win. I hope to win by all honor
" able, manly means. But if to Win I must descend to personalities; if to win I must
v pledge my honor to get votes;- if to win I must bow my neck to corporation power;
*' ! ifUo win- 1 must forfeit my place as an honest, reputable citizen— then, in the words of
that great warrior of civic virtue, that great political leader, Samuel J. Tilden; if that be the
cost, gentlemen, then let me retire and take my place in the ranks of my plundered fellow-
CAMPAIGN
BECOMING
EXCITING
NOMINEES FOR MAYOR SPEAK TO THE PEOPLE.
TOBIN LEADS HIS COMPETITORS IN THE RACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; OCTOBER 26* 1901.
ELOQUENCE OF DELMAS AROUSES ENTHUSIASM.
Continued From Page One.
Continued From Pag^e One.
f\ Continued on Page Five.
Delmas stopped in the middle of a sen
tence, bowed to Mr. "Wise, who was ; on
the platform, and, * turning ,to> the volun
teer speaker, , said In tones of ponderous
politeness: - .
"My friend, John H. Wise is wiser than
you,- sir. He Is silent." •'- -,
Cannot Remain Silent When Such
; Great Issues as at Present AreX/
Involved. Tv
Ex-Governor Budd then introduced D.
M. Delmas. As the speaker of the evening
advanced to the front of the platform the
audience greeted him with an enthusiasm
which grew as the brilliant speaker_talked
till it culminated in as rousing a cheer as
the walls of Metropolitan Hall ever, re
echoed. One . Individual interrupted the
speaker, but he was sorry he spoke.
"Let's hear from John H. Wise," came
a, man in the front row. .
DELMAS SPEAKS OF -HIS ; •
INTEREST IN CAMPAIGN
Is Tobin's Sole Campaign \u25a0-\u25a0
Slogan.
Mr. Chairman, ladles and gentlemen: Such
an audience as this roast set a man's heart
beating with hope, aspiration and patriotism.
< Applause.) Encouraged by your civic patriot-
Jem which brings you. here this evening, what
man could stand upon this platform Insensible
to the demand made upon him by the great
the hopeful, the rich, the proud city of San
Francisco. (Applause.) \u25a0
I have not .come here, ladles and gentlemen,
this evening to make a set speech; my pres
ence Is, demanded elsewhere; but it is my
pleasure this evening to come before you full
as I am with yie patriotism and buoyancy of
youth, to give you a pledge of my determina
tion. If I am elected to office to discharge my
duty honestly. That, ladles and gentlemen, is
the oniy pledge that I have given In the course
of this campaign. (Applause.) That Is the
only pledge that I shall -give In the course of
this campaign. I am Indebted to no set of
men. -no cliques, no . corporation. . no class ' of
society for my nomination, and I shall'dis
charge my duty to none but the city of San
Francisco and its citizens. (Renewed applause.)
That may be an old story. In your ears, but it
ie a new story upon my lips, and It comes Xrom
my heart. • •'." . . •
- I stand here, • and I can say It without pride,
selfishness or egotism, I v stand here as the
representative of Independent " honesty In pub
lic life.' >. (Renewed applause.) \u25a0
Ladies «xui centlemen, I havo said It again
2
The kidneys were "anciently celled the
reins— In your case they are holding the
reins and driving you into serious trouble.
Hood's Sarsaparilta
Acts with the most direct, beneficial eflect
on the kidneys. It contains the best and
safest substances for correcting and tnn<n<»
these organs. .
Dragged-Dotvn *
Feeling
In the loins.
Nervousness, unrefreshlng sleep, despon-
dency.
It is time you were doing something. T '"At^a quarter of 9 my order.y reported to me
that signal had been made from the flagship
to disregard her movements, and that she had
gone eastward. I did - not, of course,' know
where she had gone. I sat under an awning
thaf we had put. into- position each day as
the sun rose, in order that the officers might
collect there. I I think • we also had one for
ward for the men. I came on deck with I my
glasses after ' having gone below for a - little
while, and -while I was sitting abaft^on- a
hatchway • I heard , a - call - from the forward
bridge : . .'Tell the " commodore that the , fleet
is coming out.' ' :
"That was some • time after the men had
been . called to quarters.- - about .'9:35 o'clock.
The ship at. that moment- was lying • with \u25a0> her
head- in toward: the land- in. .the direction 'of
Cabanas, which was a little cove to ; : the west
ward,-and on* of the marking points we used
In • maintaining our positions. I looked over
the starboard side and saw the enemy coming
out -of -the entrance to \u25a0 the harbor. .: I . then
looked ; eastward to see the order of the ships,
and I . sa w the Texas . apparently a point or
more:: abaft the . starboard .. beam.-. My own
''Enemy Is Coming Oiit.,"
"On the morning of July 3," said he, "the
day broke beautifully. The skies were fleeced
with white clouds, and the breeze continued a
little bit longer off the land that morning than
usual. -After I had eaten breakfast 1 came
up to take a view of the situation with glasses.
We* were : lying at that time possibly - three
miles or a little bit over from the land,, and I
wondered very much why they had permitted
us to remain so close.' • •,\u25a0 It was a . matter of
constant inquiry and discussion on board, and
especially why the batteries did not fire on
us
When • the court resumed its session at 2
o'clock Captain Lemly read a written ' state
ment explaining discrepancies in some of the
dispatches referred to by Admiral Schley in
his morning testimony. The dispatches re
ferred to coaling and In one case the name
"Gonaives" was used, . when It appeared the
name "Guantanamo" should have been given.
Then Admiral Schley, at the request of Ray
nor, stated his observation of suspicious cir
cumstances o ( n land and In wie harbor of San
tiago on the evening of July 2." He said that
the outlying Spanish land forces/ were at that
time being pressed Into the city' by the Amer
ican and insurgent forces, and he. had noticed
Ahat several of. their blockhouses burned that
evening. He had.ut the same time observed
smoke- coming from over Zocapa hill and h«
thought the enemy. was preparing for a sortie.
Of mis circumstance he had notified Admiral
Sampson and he thought the admiral had, acted
upon the notice as the blockading line was
moved in closed that night. He explained why
all the engines of the Brooklyn hadnot been
coupled up. saying this was largely because of
the intense heat and also because Captain Cook
"had not considered it necessary to do so.
Admiral Schley began- his description of the
battle of July 3 at 2:30 o'clock. W ••. .
Schley Explains How the American
Warships Crushed Csrvera's Fleet.
DESCRIPTION OF BATTLE.
Continued on Page Five.
The Judge advocate then exhibited "the «og of
the Vixen and asked the witness to examine
it and determine whether there was any entry
then: to indicate that the vessel had performed
this service. He said there was one entry
•which showed that on July 2 there was a dis
tribution of mail by the Vixen and this, he
Eaid. showed that the had made a trip up and
down the line.
"At what time -was the message received V
aske-J Captain Lemly.
• "Early in the evening." he replied. "I should
say in the first dog-watch." He added in re
ply ix) a question that he had kept a diary of
the -rarnpaign, but paid it is in Bonton. Cap
tain Lemly asked him to get It and he prom
ised to do so. In response to Raynor the wit
ness eaid that the Vixen was constantly going
on eirands and that record was made of com
. riarmively few of these in the boat's log.
r Captain Clark was also recalled for the pur
f/^se of correcting his previous statements, but
, tjo questions were asked him and he was soon
\u25a0 excused.
Schley Besumes Testimony.
Admiral Schley then took the stand and re
sumed his story. With the court's permission
he eaid he would go back to Cienfuegos in order
that his narrative might be clear. Regarding
the ItcCal'.a memorandum he said he received
but one copy. If there had been another, he
said, it should be in the papers which- were re
turned to the Navy Department 111 January or
February, 1S00. He said he had not bombarded
the earthworks at Cienfuegoe because he was
convinced that such bombardment would be un
availing. Subsequent experience in the war, he
thought, bore out this opinion.
Admircl Schley was proceeding to say that
dispatch No. 10, concerning which Lieutenant
Mars-! had testified (tbe dispatch containing
positive information that the Spanish fleet wa«
in Santiago), was not received by him until
June 10, when ths judge advocate objected.
Caftain Lemly — If the court please, I regret
very much to be compelled to .make objection
to th.s character of testimony, but I understand I
from the court itself that it wants factB. 1
Admiral Schley (sotto voce)— Well, these are j
tarts I ,
Captain Lemly — I do not understand thte -wit
ness is here for the purpose of making argu
ment, and I do not th^nk this character of t*s
tlmory from a witness even on the stand in
his own behalf is a matter of testimony.
Raynor contended that Admiral Schl«y *aa
not giving opinions; that he wai simply testl--
./Ving to facts within his knowledge.
;jl A.ft*r some further sparring the members of
u \** court held a brief consultation without
teavtng the courtroom and Admiral - Dewey
announced its decision as follows:
"The court le of the opinion that It is «nl
ftently proper for the witness to make the j
"Were you present or do you know that such
message was delivered to the commander in
chief, and if eo by whom delivered T'
"I have no recollection of its having been
delivered to the commander in chief."
Captain Lemly— Were you personally present
and within hearing when this megaphone mes
sage was received by the Vixen?
"It If a matter entirely of recollection, and a
gooc recollection — I was."
"To the bept of my recollection the Vixen re
ceievd by megaphone from an officer on the
quarterdeck of the Brooklyn on the night of
July 2 such message as that, and to tbe best of
my belief did. as she usually did, carry such
message to the flagship and to other vessels
of t^e squadron."
'T'id the Vixen carry a verbal report from
Commodore Rchley to the commander In chief
July 2 that there was unusual activity shown
by the enemy in the harbor?"
Previous to Admiral Schley's appearance on
the i?tand the witnesEses of yesterday were re
called for the purpose of correcting their tes
timony. The first of these witnesses thus
called -was Lieutenant Commander Harlow, of
whom the court asked a question concerning the
activity in the harbor at Santiago on the even
ing of July 2. The r.epjy to this question had
the effect of causing 'Jtidge Advocate Lemly to
entev upon a line of questions. The court's
qufMion was as follows:
©f inquiry to-<2ay Admiral Schley continued the
recilal of his narrative regarding his conduct
in the Spanish war. When the court adjourned
yesterday he had covered most cf the points of
the campaicrn previous to the beginning of the
Santiago blockade, leaving that blockade, the
recoanoiFsance of May 21, the battle off San
tiago and the famous loop of the Brooklyn yet
to r« told of. The admiral, notwithstanding
the strain of yesterday, appeared fresh and in
good condition for the worjc nerore him to-day.
Admiral Dewey rapped for order promptly at
31 o clock. The ceurtroom was crowded as it
never has been before. Persons without tickets
erri'ing after 10 o'clock were eitherVompelled to
accept standing room in the rear of the hall or to
leavo the building without hearing the proceed
ings, as many of them did. As was the case
5eFti>rday. Admiral Schley was thoroughly self
pofS'jssed and he again spoke clearly and dis
tinctly, so that his words were heard through
out the hall.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— In the Schley court
OPERATIONS OFF SANTIAGO.
Kelired Hear Admiral Explains tbe
Movements of the Squadron.
This brought Admiral Schley to the: time of
the arrival of Admiral Sampson, commander
Admiral Schley also took- occasion to- speak
of the instructions . to him to examine Guanta
namo as a coalins base. To do this was he
said not practicable, as at ileast 1000 marines
would have been necessary to guard that point
and these could. not be spared. . .
"If we had gone there we should have In
vited attack."- he said. "These." he added.
"were amotic the matters I had to consider."
Again leaving the question of the reconnois
sance, the witness related the particulars of
the arrival of the New Orleans on May 30
with Captain Folger in command, and convoy
ing the collier Sterling. Captain Folger had.
the admiral said, brought instructions -to sink
the collier in the channel at Santiago, ; the de
tails to be left to Admiral Schley's discretion.
"I did not understand that this passage was
to be blockaded except in -case we should be
compelled to abandon the port, in which event
that expedient was to be resorted to." \ - ..
He then proceeded. to detail his conversation
with Captain Folger concerning which Captain
Folgrr also testified as a witness for the de
partment. While satisfied that Captain Foleer
had not meant to do any injustice to him (the
witness) he felt that the captain had failed to
give all the details of the conversation. '
"He did not want to explain to this court
just what the conversation had been, for I
had condemned the circular formation of block
ade and had advocated the form which I had
established as. beinsr more- mobile and more
facile for a small fleet, such as ours was. In
case of attack by the enemy, as more \u25a0 easily
manipulated and handled under signal. \u25a0•\u25a0 The
captalij spoke of advising: me to : keep in
closer, ' continued Admiral Schley, "whereas
on thrj next day he signaled that the enemy
would fire on us at the then range. We had
not changed our position."
After this digression the admiral returned to
the reconnoissance of May 31. That some of
the younger officers who testified regarding that
occurrence were mistaken, he said, was proved
by the fact that there was to-day on the deck
of the Indiana a plate showing where an 8
ln'ch shell from the land fortifications entered
June '4 and wrecked her, wardroom. The offi
cers referred to had testified that there v/ere
no guns of ever 6-inch caliber in the Santiago
land batteries. The admiral said the shell
which wrecked the wardroom of the Indiana
might possibly have been fired from a mor
tar, of which there were several, but that the
range of the ' batteries was beyond the ships
as they went \u25a0 in for the reconnoissance was
evident,' not from the fact that there were one
or two shells which went over the American
ships. There were, he said, many more, per
haps fifty.
"In fact." said he. "it was very lively for a
few minutes." • • ,. • \u25a0 \u25a0
The witness stated that he had not gone Into
foreign waters for coal because he wanted to
avoid international complications and espe
cially wanted to avoid the charge of taking
advantage of weaker nations like Hayti ami
others. '
Avoided International Trouble.
better use, and subsequent events confirmed the
decision."
Here the witness abruptly turned from the
bombardment of the Colon to a discussion of
the coaling question. He said that his Instruc
tions had been to coal on every possible occa
sion. He then quoted and put in as evidence a
number of dispatches giving the Instructions
of the department on this question. He re
lated in this connection the receipt of a num
ber of dispatches from the department which
had. he said, been brought by Captain Cot
ton. He was sure that the dispatches could
not have been received before May 31.
When he received these dispatches the ad
miral, in answer to questions by Raynor, tes
tified that he had already discovered the Span
ish fleet. He had also surmounted the difficul
ties about coaling and had bo informed the
department. In this connection he went back
and narrated the (incident of the capture by
the St Paul of th4 Restormel. the English col
lier bound for Santiago. Captain Slgsbee had
reported that the collier had been captured
May 26 d*tr Santiago. Sigsbee's letter mention
ed the fact that the Kcstormcl had touched
at Porto Rico and Curacao and that he had
sent her to Key AVest, adding: "There is
absolutely no news of the Spanish fleet here."
On the 31st he received, he thought, by way
of a press tug from Port Antonio, the dispatch
of Admiral Sampson congratulating him upon
the location of the Spanish fleet. In reply to
a question by his counsel. Admiral Schley ex
plained that Cape Cruz was an exposed place
103 miles from Santiago and he did not regard it
as an available place for coaling. Some of
the smaller ships might have been sent there,
but with a squadron such as he had, practi
cally of the same size as the Spanish fleet, he
had never considered the question of separating
ships of his fleet. He regarded It as of prime
Importance that the 'fleet be kept together.
His attention was called to Lieutenant Har
ber's testimony likening the situation south
of Cuba with that at Dry Tortugas. where
ships . had coaled. The admiral said that the
two places were not comparable. The sea to
the south of Cuba was exposed for hundreds
of miles. Dry Tortugas was surrounded by
reefs In which a. sea could rarely enter. From
information he received from Captain Cot
ton he thought he received the impression that
only small ships could be coaled at Mole St.
Nicholas or Gonaives channel.
."'Close action or close up has been hoisted
and it means to keep- Inside of a thousand
yards, out of their effective torpedo range.'
Captain • Cook was standing alongside me and
said: 'Yes, we will soon be -within the cross
fire of these ships.' I said: 'Yes,' and that I
saw we had advanced without firing. The
first gun, I think, was , fired, by Lieutenant
Simpson, almost directly over the forecastle of
the ship. I saw the leading ship, which ap
parently had started with, the intention of ram
ming, take a turn ahead to the westward, leav
ing a gap between her and the ship following,
which subsequently proved to be the Viscaya.
We were advancing In the direction of the Vls
caya, when she also seemed to have given up
the intention to ram, and turned to the west
ward following the direction, of the leading
ship.' \ .- • \
Vlt then became apparent, as we were steer
ing In diametrically opposite courses, that
the original plan had failed, and that the
Spanish fleet, in order and apparently at dis
tance,, had succeeded in passing the battleship
line. : A new feature of the fight .became im
mediately apparent. Captain Cook gave the
order to port helm. . I did not. I should have
done it"' in a second.'. I saw.. the ship's head
swinging ~ very' rapidly, and I asked him
whether . his helm was hard aport, and he
replied that It was either aport or hard aport.
I think he said hard aport. I never saw the
ship turn -more' rapidly than, she did at this
time. Her turn | was : continuous. There was
no easing: of her helm. I never, saw the star
board side of the Texas at all. We were never
across her bow. I never was at her port side,
and she never, approached any 1 position", that
was within six hundred \u25a0 yards of the Brook
lyn. -She never entered into my head at all as
a menace , or - danger. .We passed completely
around the circle. The least range that was
given was>1100 yards and the fact of the near
ness of that ship (the second Spanish ship),im
pressed Itself upon my mind and will never be
forgotten, because . I could see vwlth I the . naked
eye men .running over her turrets to her su
perstructure deck, and I observed the daylight
between their* leys as they ran. .". ... \u25a0...-,
. "We turned very rapidly, and I had been for
a long time under the impression that our star
board engine was backed, from the fact that
I was standing. upon the starboard and in look
ing astern I saw an unusual amount of churned
water. It looked to me very; much as if the en
gine had been backing. Though the matter was
not -one of record; I found out subsequently, I
had always been under the Impression that that
engine had backed." During the turn Mr. Hodg
son i very properly: made some allusion to look
out, perhaps, for the Texas. - I do not recall
what It I Is, but there was never any colloquy
of any character, between Mr. Hodgson and my
self. First, he was too good an officer to have
transgressed one of , the \u25a0 plainest • duties of - an
officer at such.- a. time, and, second, if he had
undertaken It: I' would not have cei-mitted
First Gun Is Fired.
"TJhe Brooklyn as well as the other vessels of
the squadron charged Immediately Into the en
trance In accordance with the signal plan of
seeking the enemy's ships in the entrance or
driving them ashore. We continued directly
for the head of the enemy's column, the idea
uppermost In my mind being that if we could
arriMit them long enough for the battleships to
close in and knock them to pieces that would
be our best point of attack. They continued on
this course, porting and starboarding to meet
the movements of the leading ship, which I
assumed to be the flagship from a flag at her
masthead. I suppose from the time we started
we were ten to twelve minutes turning first
with port helm and then advancing direct to
the enemy. 1 saw the- ships to the eastward
and westward closing in. I said to Captain
Cook:- -,-..*
recollection now, as near as I can state it.
Is that the ship's head was near north-north
west. The Texas appeared to me. to be head
ing on some of the easterly To the
left of her was the Iowa. She was, of course,
to the eastward of the Texas. The Oregon was
to the eastward of the Iowa. The Indiana
was eastward of that position and the Glou
cester was lying in under the land, I thought
In the neighborhood of Aguadores. The Ne,w
York was out of sight and out of signal dlb
tance with glasses. I looked at that in order
to determine what my position in the battle
was to be. If the New York had not been
out of sight I should never have made a
signal.
"The moment I saw that I went forward onto
a little* platform I had constructed on the
battle tower as my position in the battle, in"
order to be very close to Captain Cook. I had
only been there a moment when Captain Cook
Joined me. ... In the meantime Mr. Hodgson,
who was on the upper bridge, sang out some
thing to the captain about being connected up
and all ready, and he at the same time said
to -me:' 'Commodore, they are coming right
at us.' - 'Well,' I said, 'go right for them."
The helm was put aport. The ship was started
ahead, first at perhaps about half speed; I
do not remember. She ' took her way very
quickly and when we headed around' I said to
Captain Cock: 'Go ahead full -speed and
hoist signal to clear ship for action." We gen
erally ipade 'that signal because there was
around the quarter deck and the forecastle of
most of these ships a little temporary railing
composed of oars and rope, to keep people
from falling overboard. Generally an awning
of some sort was up. That signal was followed
by: 'Close up for close action.'
In chief of the Norfh Atlantic squadron. In
speaking of this event and the change In com
mand which it i involved, he ventured upon
ground which Captain. Lemly considered as
somewhat questionable." Coming to this point
the witness said:
"On June. 1 Admiral Sampson arrived. He
brought with him the New York, the Oregon
and the Mayflower and steamed down to the
westward a little inside of the lino of block
ade. He found us at, that time Just making
the turn and I, was on board. He was very
cordial, very glad to /see me and I explained
to him the situation and the fact of the re
connoissance. He seemed to be very glad to
find out the situation there and I pointed out
•to him the Colon lying In the entrance."
Captain Lemly — If the court please,- we are
getting beyond the court's construction of the
scope of the precept. , * . '
Admiral Dewey— As I understand, he is turn
ing thetfommand over to the commander in
chief, r^want to hear that. I would, like to
hear that part.
Continuing Admiral Schley said: "I handed
him a number of dispatches, explained to him
the situation and told him the form of block
ade 1 that I had maintained and I. heard no
word of complaint from him. In fact. In view
of the telegram of congratulation, I supposed
nearly everything was approved. Admiral
Sampson's relations and mine were always cor
dial. I never had any difference with him."
Admiral Dewey — You have ! turned the com
mand over.. Now go on: '. . . .
"I turned the command ,over to Admiral
Sampson and my squadron was not -broken
up until the 18th or 19th of June. I was -still
in command of the flying squadron and com
posed the left half of the blockading line '.at
Santiago. Of course I have no criticisms 'to
.offer; merely a plain, straight story to tell of
what its operations were up to that time."
Raynor — May it please the court, we are get
ting to the battle and as it is five minutes to
1 o'clock could we take an adjournment at
this point? •\u25a0\u25a0••. -...-\u25a0 •\u25a0 \u25a0
Admiral Dewpy— Yes: the court will take
a recess until 2 qjclock. ,
REAR ADMIRAL WILLIAM T. SAMPSON, WHOSE ATTENDANCE AT THE SCHLEY COURT OF INQUIRY WAS
RECENTLY DEMANDED, BUT WHO, ON ACCOUNT OF HIS ILL-HEALTH, MAY NOT BE OBLIGED TO
FURNISH TESTIMONY REGARDING ONE OF HIS DISPATCHES. . .
"The' carpenter as well as the captain
thought It unwirs to . examine the cbmoart-
Schley Urges More Speed.
"Ellis who was an expert with the stadl
meter, constantly kept that Instrument on
those vessels, and knowing exactly their
heights, reported to me that they were main
taining the same range, but I thought my eye
was a little more sensitive, and I said: 'No,
they are evidently gaining.' He went from
me the second time, and that was the last I
saw of him alive. In performing this magnifi
cent duty he lost his life. He' was struck
about ten feet from where I was standing.
His brains and blood were ' thrown over a
great many people, and some of It reached
me. He , Immediately fell, of course, to the
deck, and it was a shocking sight to men who
had never seen such a thing before.
"Lieutenant McCauley and Dr. Devalin got
down, or rather they were standing between
me and the tower. They picked up the body
and carried it to the side. I Just happened
to see them through this opening and called
out to them not to throw that body overboard;
that I thought that one who had fallen so
gallantly deserved to be buried as a Christian.
His body was- laid under the lee of the for
ward -turret , and covered with a blanket and
there ke^it until after the battle.
"Just before the-Viscaya turned to run ashore
she put her helm starboard, apparently start
ing out" for the Brooklyn or the Oregon, I don't
remember which, and evidently at that moment
got a very severe wound, for I saw quite an
explosion under her bow, and in a moment
afterward she put her helm hard aport.
turning Inshore, smoke coming from all
of her " hatches. I thought she was
goinc to ' carsize. she had such a
tremendous list to port. Just - then I
saw a- shell strike her that appeared to
me to rake her fore and aft, and I thought to
myself she would sink in deep water, so I told
the signal officer to signal to the Texas to look
out for her men and to save them, but the
Texas was too far astern to~receive the mes
sage. -I made the remark a.t the time, how
ever, 'Philip Is always sensible. He needs no
Instructions about such things.' . .
"During this part of the fight I noticed that
all of the signal halyards of my ship were cut,
I think possibly with one exception. One of the
speed cones we had hoisted was cut and came
very near striking me. It came down in front
of me and went overboard.
-.'After the Vlscaya had turned In afire, her
colors down, the Colon edged in shore and ap
peared to be following the contour of the
coast and I thought that at that time, look
ing »a«tern and : observing what had happened
to her consorts, she was seeking the best
place she could find in order to end the matter
at once. From Acerrederos, which was behind
some sixteen miles west of the harbor of San
tiago to Point Rio- Tarquino ia perhaps
about thirty miles, so I said to Captain Cook
'cease firing' and, to make the signal. I also
told Captain Cook to let his men come out of
the turrets into the open . air and get' some
thing to eat and hurry Jip his men , below. I
think I went into the battle tower myself at
that time and sang out to the men below that
we had got all of them except one - and I
thought they could be depended upon to catch
that other vessel. I heard a good . deal of
merriment and rejoicing.- I went back to the
bridge and soon realized that they* were doing
their best. There wig a Jingle to the rails
and a vibration to th^-.essel, and I percefved
that the motion of thj ship was sluggish. I
tuggested to Captain Cook that we possibly
had some compartments filled. - He sent' the
carpenter down and . it developed that on*> of
the after compartments had filled with water
which ' we . thought was due to the , fact that
we had received some injury below he water
line. -
"These two ships, the Oregon and the Brook
lyn were firing in a manner I had never seen
before. I nevir realized what rapid gun fire
meant. Both ships were at that time a sheet
of flame. Soon after that I saw that the lead
ins ship was evidently battered hard. She lag
ged astern. I saw smoke coming out other
ports, and out of her hatches, and the fact that
impressed itself upon me was that the columns
were going straight up in the air. I said to
Captain Cook, who was constantly at my side.
M,Ve have got one. Keep the boys below in
foTmed o? in the movements.. They cannot see
and they ought to know.' and he did so
fhroughout thl action. Every few moments
messages were sent below to the men that were
answered oftentimes with cheers which we
could hear through the, ventilators. .
"It appeared to be a very short Interval of
time after that that I saw a second ship on flro
which proved later to be the Oquendo She
evidently had suffered very "e""*," 1^ \u25a0*?£
ed immediately inshore. leaving the Vlsca>a
and the Colon. The Viscaya took a leading
position on the bow and I thought for a little
while that she would perhaps outfoot us. The
Colon worked inshore, and the time \u25a0between
the dropping out of action of those two ships
until the Viscaya turned inshore was a period
of perhaps thirty minutes during which .she
was abreast of the Brooklyn and the Oregon.
I looked to the eastward and got occasional
glimpses of the Indiana and of the Gloucester.
I could not see very well what they were do
ing owing to the clouds of smoke, though I
knew that both were doing admirable work. I
felt that the moment those vessels ran in to
the beach the" commanding officers of the
ships which could not keep up the pace with
the two leaders would take care of the pris
oners and would save them from the Insur
gents, as well as from their own fire.
"About thirty minutes, as nearly as I can
remember, was the length of time from the
turning in or the wounding of these two first
vessels until the (Viscaya went ashore. She
was a little forward of the beam of the Brook
lyn, and I do not think at any time over 2o0f»
or 2400 yards away She was in most excellent
target range and I remember that a marina
stationed in the top reported that he did not
see any of the shots of the two ships, the
Brooklyn and the Oregon, hitting the water.
So I imagined from that that they were strik
ing the ship. It was on the trip outward after
the turn. I was very anxious about the ranges,
because I did not want the Viscaya and tha
Colon to get out of good fighting range.
Sad Fate of Ellis.
Ships Belching Flame.
it ror a second.- inai i» uunuu, m«s »•«"» "«\u25a0
colloquy.
"Before we turned the leading ship was
abeam, -or a little a Dai t the beam, anu wntsn
we turned about she was ahead of us, that Is,
on the starboard bow. and all four ships and
the forts were firing at the same time, and
from that. moment tne following ten or fifteen
minutes were the most- furious part of this
combat. I remember very distinctly seeing,
from time to time, as my attention was at
tracted for a moment, the jets of water ahead
and astern and over and short. . The roar of
projectiles was one of the things that can
be heard only once in a lifetime, and then
never forgotten. It appeared at that moment
that all lour of those snips were at_work upon
the Brooklyn, and up to the moment of turn
ing so far as we could perceive, there was
not the slightest evidence they had even been
"'"The' thought passed through my mind that
after all our precautions and waiting those
fellows would get away.- At that moment I
felt, and I thought I remarked to Captain Cook
that we were alone and would Perhaps have
most of the fight upon ourselves, because I
did not know then that the battleships could
possibly keep up their speed. But I saiato
him: 'We must stay with this crowd.' I had
no idea that we would escape. Of course it
they could have shot as well as our people aid
they certainly would have got us. I
"When we had completely turned around on
a westerly course the ships appeared to nave
been broken up a little, although "till; in some
semblance of formation, and Just at that mo
ment I saw the Oregon breaking, in through
this cloud envelope. She broke through on the
starboard quarter of the flag. I hoisted the
signal of 'Close up' and then 'Follow the flag,
feeling that a new disposition was necessar>.
That signal was replied to, and I saw « re
peated. Captain Clark knew very well "was.
not intended for him. because, he was follow
ing the flag, so he repeated it to the other ships.
In a very few moments after the Oregon broke
through this cloud of smoke she was perhaps
400 or- 500 yards distant.
Mr. Raynor— My wishes are that If you
can summon him, summon him. As I
understand it, Admiral Sampson Is not in
a condition to be summoned. He is not
well enough to come into court. I am
perfectly willing to have him here and I.
"Before the court adjourns I would like
to ask counsel a question. He announced
publicly that he desired a summons
issued for Admiral Sampson. 1 have
stated from time to time that if he would
give me notice when he wanted the ad
miral summoned I would summon him. I
have not received any notice and I do
not want to leave the record in this shape,
and I would like to know what his wishes
are in the matter."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.-Just
before the Schley court of
inquiry adjourned to-day
Ju3ge Advocate Lemly ad
dressed the court as follows:
"After having stated them to the commander
in chief a group of officers who were standing
on the opposite side came up to me and asked
me— of course everybody was interested— for
the details ot this battle, and I repeated them
in a hasty way. Chaplain Royce of the New
York came up and said: 'Commodore, your
work is not over yet. The Resolute has Just
arrived. Captain Eaten reports that there 13
a Spanish battleship on the coast and the ad
miral wants to aee you.' I went over and there
found Captain Clark in the presence of the
commander in chief. I mart* some suggestion
"At 2:23 o'clock about, the Xew York came
up. I had made signals to her. I think she
was quite half an hour in answering one of
them. Of course there was net very much
breeze under the land. When she came up I
made the signal to her that it waa a glorious
day for our country, and as soon as I could I
went on board to pay my respects. In the
meantime Captain Cook, who had been de
tained some little time, started off to make
his report and went on board the flagship.
When he returned I took the boat and want
on board myself. There I reported substan
tially what had occurred, the Incidents and
events of the battle, in a hurried way. ' \u25a0
"I said to him: 'Unconditional. Those are
matters that the commander in chief must ar
range. We can only receive an unconditional
surrender.' ' .
"We arrived In the vicinity of the Colon
at 1:30. At the time she hauled her colors
down I did not think she was over four miles
from us. We were running then in the neigh
borhood of. fifteen knots. When this surrender
took place I naturally" felt Interested in the
vessels that were following. I waa then on
the bridge and with glasses I saw three ves
sels astern. I could see the masts of two. I
could see only the smoke of the third one.
We lowered the boat and Captain Cook wsnt
ashore. He said to me: "Commodore, -what
are the terms of surrender?*
"The position of the Colon being directly
under the fire of the two ships, there waa no
question In the mind of the captain of the
Colon that it would be fatal. I think he Oid
exactly right. A sacrifice of life would have
been unnecessary, so he fired a gun to the ice
ward and hauled his flag down and ran in on
the bar at the mouth of Rio Tarquino. I sig
naled at -once to cease firing, that the eneiuy
had surrendered. "We hauled up and imme
diately passed Into position. "We had sorrw
difficulty in getting out a boat, on account of
steam being turned oft and the cranks having
been struck. They were more or less jammed.
We steamed into a position for a thousand
yards. I remember distinctly Captain Cook
asking if we should slow up. I said, 'No, con
tinue in.' Captain Cook changed his comsc
AVe were all in fighting rig:.
Colon Strikes Colors.
ment untli wa cculd get into smoother water,
where we could possibly handle it much more
readily. That course was decided upon. The
ship's speed, of course, came up with some
rapidity and toward 1- o'clock It was very
apparent that we were saining upon the
chase. I said to Captain Cook, several times
during the action, "Would It not be a good
idea to edge in so that we could finish tnose
fellows Quicker?' and he replied that we had
them in the most excellent target range ana
that the gruna of the two ships seemed to be
doing most admirable work. We were point
ing at that time for Tarquino Point, under
Cape Cruz, at the point extending to the
southward. My idea waa that in steering that
course if the Colon kept up her course aha
would be obliged to come out. I then said
I would get up a lot of extra ammunition ao
that when she came out into close quarters it
would be a question of but a few minutes be
fore we knocked her out. As we were going
out to head her off there were various signals
between the Oregon and mysjlf of a pleasing
character. Some were official. I gave the
order to Captain Clark to open fire with hi-»
13-inch runs. Captain Clark has testified that
be did not receive it, and I always had been
under the impression, until •! heard him say
otherwise, that that order had been trans
mitted. However, we continued to advance,
the Oregon and the Brooklyn. I don't think
the Oregon was further astern, than SOO yards.
I do not believe the prolongation of her courss
at any time would have passed within 500
yards of the Brooklyn. "We were practically
"and relatively at the same distances. Perhaps
the Brooklyn was a little nearer at times, and
then the Oregon a little nearer. -
"We continued in this position until about
12:50, when we realized that we were within
range of this vessel and we tried the thirtetu
inch and eight-Inch guns on her. Several of
them fell short, but I remember that one of
the Oregon's 13-inch shots passed entirely over
the Colon, and that one of the 8-inch shells of
the Brooklyn passed over her also. I saw with
. my own eyes the Jet ot water beyond. I
thought at first it had gone through her, but
it appears that it did not strike her.
"Now, you and I both know that Ad
miral Sampson is not in condition to bo
called into court. I do not want to bo
put in the position of abandoning my
position or of calling' Admiral Sampson
into a controversy where his presence is
not necessary, and when he is in no con
dition whatever to be brought into court,
even if his presence was necessary."
of course, don't retract for a moment
anything I said at the time when the call
was made. The court \u25a0will recollect the
use of the words *CIenfuesos' and 'San
tiago.' The word used .in that dispatch
was 'Santiago.' At the time Admiral
Schley sent the dispatch in to the Navy
Department there was in the paragrapn
'this evidently means Cienfuegos. W. £?.
S.' I took it for granted that that, of
course, would be admitted. There was
only one person in the world' who could
explain that, and that wa3 Admiral
Sampson. My learned brother declined to
admit it. I do not think now the question
is as serious as I did at that time.
Explaining the historical turn of his
own flagship, the Brooklyn, he said that
she had not aprpoached to within less
than 6pO yards of the Texas, and that he
never had considered his vessel in the
leas't danger;
He also stated, in response to an inter
rogation from Raynor, that he had never,
during the battle, engaged In any colloquy
witli Lieutenant Hodgson, and that he
.had not used the exrpession attributed,
to aim by Hodgson. This refers to \u25a0 the
alleged colloquy in which the admiral is
charged with having said: "Damn the
Texas."
Ailxnlral Schley also gave the details of
the reconnaisance of May 21, when ths
Spanish ship Cristobal Colon was bom
barded. In this connection he denied the
statements attributed to him by Com
mander Potts of the battleship Massa
chusetts.
Texas Not in Danger.
The day was a notable one in the court
By all oads the largest crowd that has yet
attended any of the sessions was present
and deep interest was manifested
throughout the proceedings. Long berore
the beginning cf the morning session all
the seats reserved for visitors in the
courtroom were occupied, and the greater
of the space in the rear of tnese seats
wan covered by men and women standing.
'x bey not only stood on the floor, but upon
wir-dow sills and tables, and even the
rude elevator machinery in that portion
of i-he hall was covered by men. On only
one occasion was there any effort at ap
plause, and this was suppressed before it
had reached any magnitude.
Tie chief event of the day was the ad
miral's relation cf the events of July 3,
when the American fleet destroyed Oer
veri's squadron. He told his story of this
historic occurrence in plain words and in
vma-ffected style, but the narrative was
straightforward and to the point, indl
cat:.ng close familiarity witn ail the
phases of that event. He said that the
Brooklyn had for a time sustained the
fire of all four of the Spanish ships, and
also the fire of the Spanish land batteries.
Great Crowd in Court.
This adjournment, twenty minutes in
advance of the usual time, was due to the
fact that the admiral's throat -had be
come somewhat sensitive as a result of
his continuous talking yesterday and to
day. He had made complaint to the court
of the condition of his throat immediately
aft»r concluding his recital of the story
of the battle off Santiago, and Admiral
Dewey, who evidently himself had no
ticed the difficulty, responded by showing
a •HTillingness to adjourn the court. Mr.
Raynor, however, expressed a desire to
proceed, saying that he had a number of
Questions which he wished to ask, and
Admiral Schley assented to his counsel's
suggestion, a. quarter of an hour later
Acmiral Dewey nimself renewed the sug
gestion for an adjournment, and, ail con
cerned agreeing to this proposition, the
court adjourned until Monday at 11
o'clock.
testimony. He took the
stand about 11:30 o'clock, after former
\u25a0witnesses had been recalled for the pur
posse of making: corrections In and addi
tions to their testimony, and continued
his statement until the court adjourned at
S:40 p. m.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23— When
the Schley court of inquiry
adjourned to-day Admiral
Schley had not completed his
"The strength of the batteries having been
established it would have been military folly
to have risked the battleships further to fire
from these shore batteries under my instruc
tions. If we had lost one or two of our six
or seven vessels the loss would have been a
very great disadvantage and It might. have In
vited attack with disastrous results. . I thought
it better policy to save the ships for wider and
"The moment we began firing," he went on,
"the Ehore batteries responded, some of them
using smokeless powder. There, was quite a
stream of projectiles, and I was impressed
with the Idea that they must be from guiTs of
six or eight inch caliber. <\u25a0 The shot from the
Zocapa battery evidently reached the fleet.
Some went over our ships and one went beyond
and over the Vixen, which was half a mile
distant.
Speaking of the range of 7000 yards the ad
miral said that Commander Potts had himself
suggested that range and he (the witness) had
not known for several days that the range had
been altered. \u25a0
"I think we were lying In a position per
haps four or five miles to.^b* westward. The
steaming in was at slow, speed. I transferred
my flag, named 7000 yards" and went on board
the Massachusetts. When I boarded her It
was near the dinner hour and Captain Hlggln
son suggested that we postpone until 1 o'clock
the going in to develop these batteries. 1 as
sented to that. After the meal we went to quar
ters and steamed in pretty .- nearly head on.
There was not much opportunity for anybody
to seek cover behind a turret unless he got
behind the protecting plate which was it guard
to the entrance to the rear. Some weight has
been laid upon the fact that we wore white
clothes. 1 would like to invite attention to
the fact that that was a matter which I con
trolled entirely for my squadron .' and it was
about the only suitable dress for that region."
Giving the names of the persons who accom
panied him when he went on ' board \u25a0 the Mas
sachusetts, the admiral said they were Lieu
tenants Sears, Wells and George Graham, a
newspaper correspondent, » who, he said, had
insisted upon accompanying him. notwith
standing his protests. Once on board he had,
he Bald, engaged In a conversation with Cap
tain (now admiral) Hlgglnson. ' . '.
"I was not excited," he went on, "nor ner
vous, for I need not have undertaken the
reconnoissance if I had not desired to do so.
I had some regard for those" standing on the
turrets, thinking they "were exposing them
selves to danger from shock which was un
necessary to them, though I was differently
circumstanced, and I so expressed myself.
Commander Potts is entirely in error in say-
Ing that I took advantage of cover. That - 1
did not do, for I was not concerned about my
self."
Reason for White Uniform.
"On the 31st. while the Brooklyn and the
Marblehead and the Texas were coaling, I
transferred my flag to the Massachusetts and
determined that I would develop the fortifica
tion because of information which we " had
on board from the hydrographlc office— my Im
pression now is it was rather undetermined.
I think one stated that the batteries were old
and another stated that Krupps were mounted.
The general ; belief, however, was that all of
the southern places were, very heavily forti
fied. In fact, we knew very little about the
effect of higher-powered artillery either on
shoriJ or -on board ship, and feeling that I
ought to know something about the fortifica
tions which defended that place I determined to
go in and take advantage of what I believed
to be the longest range of our guns and de
velop fully what these defenses were and In
cidf.ntally'lf we could get a shot into the Colon,
that was lyinjr exposed somewhat, to do it.
"That It was sufficient is shown by the fact
that during: its existence no vessel entered or
escaped from the harbor."
Coming to the, reconnoissance of May 31 Ad
miral Schley said: /
The next day he had discovered the pres
ence of that Spanish vessel there as he had
also that of other of the enemy's war vessels.
He said that when he had thus secured irre
futable proof of the fact that the vessels were
there and told Captain Sigsbee of the fact
that officer expressed surprise. It was at this
period that he sent his dispatch to the de-.
partment, giving absolute information of the
presence ot the Spaniards, and Sigsbee had
carried this message to Mole St. Nicholas.
Admiral Schley said that after locating the
fleet ' in Santiago he formed the blockade in
the only way he believed such a small squad
ron could be utilized for such duty. The ships
were in column broadside on to the entrance
of the harbor so that a simple turn of the
wheel yould bring them in line if the enemy
appeared. He called the captains of his ships
aboard and explained his idea of the blockade
to thorn and also his general plan of attack.
His plan was to attack the head of the column
first and confuse and cripple each in turn. The
picket boats were to be used as- torpedo-boat
destroyers. The ships were to maintain steam
so as to become capable of twelve knots.
The fleet steamed back and forth before the
entrance of the harbor. Morro CaEtle, he
thought, was at no time more than five miles
away. He judged this by the distinctness with
which he could see the purl. The bottoms of
all his 6hips were foul, perhaps a knot or a
knot and a half slower than they should have
been. "The admiral explained how the fleet
steamed back and forth, using the bold head
lands at night to determine their position, with
the picket boats always inside. Every night,
except when rain squalls occurred, and they
were usually brief, the admiral .testified that
he could see the pickets either with the naked
eye or with night glasses. He never went to"
bed without looking for them, and there was
not a night when he could not distinguish th»
land and Morro. In concluding his description
of the blockade that had been maintained the
admiral said: i.
He had arrived with the squadron off Santi
ago at about 7 p. m., May 2S, he said, and
had then taken up his position five or six
miles out, afterward holding the fleet In
formation day and night. He had at night
sent the Marblehead closer in with instruc
tions to keep close watch. That night he said
Le noticed signals on Ihe shore and he had
also observed at that time lights on a lower
plane which he had since been convinced were
from the Colon lying in the harbor.
Here Admiral Schley brought his narrative
up to Santiago and he said in that connection
that he had regarded the orders of the der-art
ment concerning the probable presence of the
Spanish fleet at Santiago as more of a sug
gestion than a mandatory order. He consid
ered that it would take only a little while to
get back in any event. Also he repeated that
the ' proper military maneuver would be to
proceed westward toward the bases at Havana
and Key West.
Arrival Off Santiago.
Continuing, he said, that even as Jate as the
following morning Philip had signaled that
both the Texas and the Merrimac had sprung
a leak. The admiral also referred to th,> ex
treme heat, saying it was so great that the
men were exhausted and the doctors ' had rec
ommended that on this account coaling opera
tion be buspended.
The witness then • returned to the retrograde
movement, saying: "Touching the question of
the retrograde movement after the . Merrimac
had broken, down, the movement was not
made to the westward until toward 9 o'clock,
the Yale having had considerable difficulty in
getting a hawser to her. Tbat hawser parted
about 11 o'clock that night. I was signaled
by Captain WieeUJr the Yale that it would
take about four Hours to break out a steel
1-awser. The ship at that time was absolutely
unmanageable, tshe was not capable of turn
ing a propeller. I do not think we got under
way again until 4 o'clock of the afternoon of
the 27th and not long afterward she was taken
in tow, steaming to the westward.
"We went a little larther than I had In
tended on account of the difficulty in getting
the Yale to hear our signals. We were obliged
to go four or five miles farther on that ac
count. As soon^as the sea calmed down, and
in my judgment it was not possible to have
coaled (as I said yesterday that was one of
the conditions which I watched especially and
was a better judge of that than any other
officer of the fleet, because 1 was especially
Interested In It). I signaled to Captain Philip,
asking 'if he could coal and I think his signal
indicated precisely that he was uneasy about
It for he signaled back to me: 'I can try.'
The impression left upon my mind was that
at that time even he was uncertain."
statement that the dispatch was dated May
27 and not received until June 10. Then drop
it. Just srive the facts." .
\u25a0 To this Admiral Schley responded ' that this
was all he had Intended to do. Thirteen daya
had elapsed before he received the dispatch.
Proceeding:, Admiral Schley testified that he
believed that Captain Cotton's statement con
cerning the offer of Lieutenant Field to go
ashore at Santiago to learn positively whether
the Spanish fleet was in Santiago was some
what faulty and he detailed some facts re
lating to Field" 8 offer which fixed his own
impression of it in his mind. On May 31, after
the bombardment of the Colon and after Cap
tain Cotton had gone for Mole St. Nicholas
with a report to the department upon that
subject. Admiral Schley testified that he sent
Nunez, the pilot, westward to communicate
with the Insurgents. Nur.ez landed near
Asceredores, fifteen or sixteen miles west of
Santiago, and joining some of the Cuban in
surgents, went into the interior. He returned
June 1 or 2 with detailed information of the
location of the Spanish ships in the harbor.
"I sent him," added Admiral Schley. "to the
commander In chief with that information."
Rear Admiral Explains How the Celebrated
Loop of His Vessel Was Made and the
Necessity for Such a Careful Maneuver
Question of the Advisability of the Offi
cer's Appearance Is Discussed Before
the Naval Court at Washington, D. C.
I LLNESS WI LL PREVENT
ATTENDANCE BY ADMIRAL
SAMPSON AT TRIBUNAL
FAMED BROOKLYN'S PART
IN THE FURIOUS FIGHT
TOLD IN INQUIRY COURT
SCHLEY DESCRIBES IN THRILLING LANGUAGE
THE BATTLE OF THE WARSHIPS AT SANTIAGO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 2(5, 190T;
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
4jmt» ' "^*** J ust within her grasp
wffi*£$&i2i&3r& is safety — but she
does not see it ; she
fj&jf&suS*^ )WS * s l°°ki n g the wrong
v$iii25$R/v^$ There's many
WlMr^\£aXBBtt ? woman s t ra ggh n g
in a sea of disease
who is doing the
'^^P^Vtr 1^^^? looking the
snatching 'at
straws when the
t^Z^^' Pierce's Favorite Prescrip-
tion is within her reach.
—^Z&iz Many a woman has testi-
. r.^fied: n I know I should
not be alive to-day but for Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription." This famous
medicine establishes regularity, dries
weakening drains, heals inflammation
and ulceration, and cures female weak-
ness.
Weak and sick women, especially those
suffering from diseases of long standing,
are invited to consult Dr. Pierce, by letter,
free. All correspondence is held as
strictly private and sacredly confidential.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. •
"I take pleasure ia writing to let you know
the great good I received from your * Favorite
Prescription \u25a0 and your I Pleasant Pellets. ' scys
Mrs. Nora Gaddie, of Rio,- Hart Co., Ky. "I
took seven or eight bottles of \ Favorite Prescrip-
tion' and one or two vials of the 'Pellets.'
Think I would have been in my grave had it
not been for your medicines. It has been about
four months since I took the medicine. I was
• all run down, had loss of appetite, could not
sleep at . night, was nervous, had backache,
black spots on my limbs, and sick headache all
the time. I have" not had sick headache since I
. took your medicine."
"Favorite Prescription" makes weak
women strong, sick women well. Accept
no substitute for the medicine which
works wonders for weak women.
, Dr. Pi-rce's Pleasant Pellets cure diz-
ziness and sick headache.THE wedding cards of General Cor
bin and Miss Edythe Patton are
out. . The wedding will take place
in Washington on November 3, and
Will be the most elaborate of the
autumn nuptial events. Over 700 invita
tions have been issued, and the guests
will include almost all the prominent peo
ple of the social and official world. Miss
Patten will have no attendants. With her
sister she has been in Europe for the
past six months, and among her friends
it is rumored that her trousseau will be
one of the most elaborate seen' here in
recent years. General Corbin's best nan
will be General S. 1 B. M. Young, whe -i
rumor credits with having matrimonial
intentions which will materialize in a few
months, tight brothers-in-arms* of the
adjutant general will act as ushers. These
are Lieutenant Colonels William H. Car
ter, Thomas M. v Barry, George Andrews,
William A. Simpson, John A. Johnston,.
Henry P. McCain and Majors Henry A.
Green and James Parker. Senator John
P. Jones of Nevada, at one time the
partner of the bride's father, will escort
her to the altar. Cardinal Gibbons will
perform the ceremony.
The tirsj: lady of the land opened the
season of gayety that she has planned
for the coming winter in Washington by
an "at. home" yesterday afternoon. The
hours of the reception were from 2 to' 5
o'clock, unusually early hours compared
to our "at homes," where invitations call
for 4 till 6 and .sometimes even from 5
till 7..
Miss Alice Roosevelt is expected In
Washington to-day and next week is "to
be devoted to gayety and hospitality.
A series of luncheons will be given each
Wednesday.' The guests will include the
prominent young, people who will figure
in society this season, with a few matrons
who- are friends of Mrs. Roosevelt. This
programme has been prepared in 'order
that Miss Alice may be familiar with her
future associates before her formal pre
sentation to society on January 2.
Mrs. Roosevelt will make a short trip to
New York in the coming month. During
the rush of events following her hus
band's succession to the Presidency she
found ho" leisure to. prepare her wardrobe
for the coming' winter. She has always
been noted for the simplicity of her tastes
and the preparations which she made for
the season as wife of the Vice President
are entirely inadequate for the first lady
of the land. .Mrs. Roosevelt will remain in
New York about a week. '
It is stated by her friends that her toi
lets will be in accordance with her well
known taste. Mrs. Roosevelt's friends tell
that her plan has been to buy three
gowns every year— a tailor made costume
of the best material, one evening dress
and -one semi-toilet. , Every fall thesl
gowns. were rebuilt according to the latest
mode. As mistress of the White House
she will follow a rule not quite so rigor
ous, but at the same time. setting an ex
ample for thrift and frugality worthy of
emulation." Her favorite colors are black
and white and nearly all her gowns are of
ore or the other color or a combination of
tOth. \u25a0 • . .' " \u25a0 -i r-
Mrs. ; Roosevelt ; .will revive the custom
of returning calls In a certain limited cir
cle. She will go to the; Cabinet houses
Wednesday afternoons, and in this way
T.-ill come in contact with more of tho
ptople than at the formal receptions. She
FROM 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon
until late last evening the parlor3
of the Swedenborgian church at 1624
O'Farrell street were crowded with
members and friends of the Mizpah
Club. The occasion was the annual fair
and the proceeds, which amounted to
many hundred dollars, will be devoted to
charity. The parlors proved an Ideal
place for a fair. They were decorated
with palms, cut flowers and bunting. The
booths were laden with handsome bric
a-brac, tapestry and useful articles, all
of which was donated by members and
business men of this city.
Mrs. A. C. Rulofson. president of the
organization, greeted all the visitors and
saw to it that they were taken care of
by the attendants of the various booths
During the evening the popular president
was presented witn a silver medal as a
token of the esteem In which she is held
by her fellow members.
An excellent programme was presented.
Miss Grace Marshall played a number of
selections on the piano. Miss Ella Arden
rendered a contralto solo, Miss Hamil
ton also sang and Ruth Kisher and Eve
£ncing Ubb SaVe an exnlbltlon ot fancy
exh?bit art '. § h a i lery « TC' ed an Interesting
exniDit.. A ne printed programme an
exhlb'tfon 1 " 1 . 1 .^ 1^-^ 8 P*«ur! m wtre oa
to bo ioM • T^°- Se , we do not "ell- remain
io De sold, maae it appear that It wa«t
a bona fide exhibition ? "SonX thing To
ad ° re was a door-knob. "Only a poor
can commentators," by P Patch w/r»
r: \&* dys Rulofson and the Mtese^
g a >l- These young ladies helped to earn
$50 for their booth. The fancy booth was
Shn t^ ° Ve r» b^ M «- Milton F. Gabbs
rnb as « assi3 , t , e(l Mrs - Joseph Edwin
Cutten, Mrs. Mann, Mrs. Bertz and Mr"
Countryman Mrs. SpauldinJ was ta
lte e h^ f J, he and y booth and she was
Felta. The tea garden was a dreamy
scene. Mrs. J. J.Spleker was in charge
2i?Mi Pret ly boOt^. Her pre "y d aught!r
and Miss Aimee Rice of Honolulu were
aressed in kimonas and looked -very
fetching. • \u25a0
m AH , t ? e boot hs did a large business,
lne fair was a success socially and fin
ancially. There are fifty active members
m the club and more than 100 associate
The charitable work of the club is unos
tentatious. Many poor . families are re
lieved and the deserving are promptly
cared for by the organization:
will.ieturn the calls of wives of Embassa
ilors and will extend especial hospitality
to the -wIvp?: of all the diplomats. Wita
tho assistanre of Miss Hagner. her social
secretary. Mrs. Roosevelt haa prepared a
visiting list and has studied all precedents
established by "former mistresses of tha
White House.
As she understands It. the wife of tne
President is not obliged to ; return any
one's call, -^ut the rules of refined cour
tesy suggest her. appearance on the re
ceiving days of the wives of the \ la
President, the President pro tern, of the
Senate, the Speaker of the Hou3e of Kep
rtstntatives, the .Chief Justice of tha
United States and the Embassadors ac-,
credited to this country. • The Cabinet
families are considered part pt the f^ e «-i
denial household and the visits between
them and the Executive Mansion are reg
ulated entirely by personal feelin*.
Veteran Prepares
to Visit the
Capital.
Mizpah Club Has
Its Annual
Fair.
YOUNG TO
BE CORBIN'S
BEST MAN
CLEVER SOCIETY PEOPLE WHO. FORM THE DOUBLE SEXJTET WHICH WILL BE ONE OF THE PRINCIPAL
FEATURES OF THE DOCTOR'S DAUGHTERS' BIG BENEFIT ENTk-lTAINMENT. TO BE GIVENt ON NO
VEMBER 8 IN THE PALACE HOTEL. *. . . -
CONTRIBUTIONS COME POURING INTO
DOCTOR'S DAUGHTERS' NEEDY TREASURY
Understudies of the "Florodora" Society Sextet Will Be in
J Readiness in Case of an Aeeident.
BY SALLY SHARP.
$14 85; 5 total $247 60. Previously reported $24
. 172 % S0; total to date 524,420 40. . . : . .-
The girls of the sextet have not yet de
cided upon the color of their gowns. The
sextet, as it now stapds, contains the
names of Miss Elsa Cook, Miss .Chispa
Sanborn, I Miss Mary Payne, the Misses
Lally.'Miss Bernice Landers, Walter H.
Feldman, George Greenfield, Will Kllnk,
Philip P. Paschel, Fred Poett and Frank
Rodolph. \u25a0„:'• --•- *
To provide against all possible acci
dents there will be understudies for both
the ladies and the gentlemen.
Mrs. Linda II. Bryan.- On the decorating
committee are Mrs. J. Morris Hibbard
and Miss Margo. V :
Robert Wallace sent a handsome doll,
attired in the -very latest fashion. The
little bisque lady is dressed for the prom
enade and over her magnificent walking
dress wears a sealskin sacque. A, seal
skin muff and hat complete her costume.
Two new committees have been forrried
— the fish pond committee and the decor
ating committee. On. the -fish pond com
mittee are Miss Emma McMillan, Mrs.
Charles W. Slack,, Mrs. J.Alva Watt and
States,^ has. now purchased ; the Chateau
of Valencay for 2,718,365 francs. The own
er of the domain of Valencay is a member
of the nobility, entitled to the Dukedom.
The Gaulois expresses the belief : that
Count Bosan de Perigord- will claim his
rights and the former Miss Morton * will.
thus become Duchess of Valencay.
Tillmann & Bendol Company; Sperry Flour
Company, Fireman's Fund Insurance Company,
American Steel & Wire Company . and Levi
Straugs & Co. , , /\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0
' \u25a0> Mrs. C* B. Alexander, "Mrs. J.' H. j Hatch,
: Mrs. Francis, Carolan, . Mrs. • A.. Chesebrough,
Mrs. "William G. Irwin, tMrs. D. " Hi .Whitte
more Mrs. H. C. Campbell, Mrs. Charles E.
Bancroft, Mrs. A.'N. Tow re, Mrs. Isaac Hecht,
Mrs. ' I. \u25a0 W. * Hellman, \u25a0 Mrs.- George Leviston,
Mrs. C. F. Stokes, Mrs.- E. E. Park, ,: Mrs.. E.
'R. Dimond, Mrs. James Otis Jr., Mrs. J. T.
Hoyt, Mrs.E.'C. : Evans, Mrs.A. E: B: Rld-
Uey and Mrs.; F. A. Robbins. /.• '% ;' V . , ..-- ..*:'
THE : Doctor's . Daughters ; had a
happy day i of it ' yesterday, for
contributions kept pouring in.
There, were 'cash; contributions,
contributions for the fish bond and
'orders for the refreshment % booth: •« Cash
contributions were received from.' the fol
lowing firms: I . , -' '\u25a0; .* '^ vlf ;;./-. '
George Newhall & Co., Baker. & Hamilton;'
Miller, SIobs & Scott; Dunham, Carrigan; &
Hayden; "WV.W. Montague & Co., Haas Bros.,;
Southern Pacific Company; Payot, Upham" &
Co ; Armsby & Co., George W. Glbbs& Co.,
will give readings ; there . will be " for tune
telling and palm reading, and A. E.
Brooke-Ridley will, demonstrate the -won
ders of the X-ray. . • • .-. ' .. v
The lady patronesses are:
. Word was received' here yesterday from
the American , Consul at t La Paz. of the
death" of -William Hinton, well • known
throughout the- State as a mining, man.
Mr. Hinton dropped. dead In. the streets of
La Paz 'last .week. , A -gold' watch -and
about $100 in cash >-ere found on his'per
'sort.V When the news . of . ..\u25a0 Mr. ' Hinton's
death "became known j about ! town there
were many who thought the deceased was
former ; Registrar Hinton. of -.this city.
Mining Man" Dies at La • Paz.
; John D. Rockefeller- is reluctant to give
advice about investing monev even to his
intimate friends '..'- * ' • .;••\u25a0. . •• :
Morton's : Daughter to • Be a I Duchess.
PARIS,;, Oct. 25.— Count de Bosan Perl
gord, who recently -married Miss •-Helen
Morton,, daughter. of JLevi' P. Morton,- the
former Vice President \ of d the j United
'\u25a0Mrs.' Jane L. Stanford ' $100, E. Danford \u25a0 J20.
United States .'Customs \u25a0 civil service "•' (Mail
dock) $20, pupils Hearst Grammar School $26 45,
pupils \u25a0 Columbia Grammar School $20 "60," pupils
Bernal School $11 75, pupils; Garfleld Primary
School J5 60, pupils Jean Parker School $7, Hon.
Frank J. \ Muraaky $5, ! pupils Sherman Primary
School- ?12 85, * pupils > Hancock • Grammar School
The folio wing contributions j to the Mc-
Kinley "\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 memorial fund were \u25a0 receive!
yesterday by Mayor. Phelan: ; V ,
McKinley Memorial; Fund.
MRS. DUBOCE
IS BRIDE OF
A SOLDIER
Belles and Beaux
at First Ball in
Palace.
Intimate Friends
Attend • the
Wedding.
Mr. and Mrs. Fife left on the evening
train for Tacoma, where Colonel Fife oc
cupies the position' of chief deputy in the
County Treasurer's office.
The bride wore a beautiful gown of pale
blue satin elaborately trimmed with lace.
Miss Fife, the maid of honor, was attired
in a dainty gown of white mousseline
over pink silk. . . -
Mrs. Laumeister looked charmlnE' In a
white satin gown, trimmed with chiffon
and lace.
After the ceremony a bridal breakfast
was served. •\u25a0 —
-\u25a0 ' . Laumeister at the' St., Nicholas
Hotel." It was an extremely quiet wed
ding, none but the relatives and the most
intimate friends of the contracting parties
witnessed the ceremony. In spite of the
fact that it was such a simpje wedding
elaborate preparations were first' made.
The rooms were handsomely decorated,
smilax, i palms and long-stemmed white
chrysanthemums being used with artistic
effect.
Rev. George Adams officiated at the
ceremony.
The bride was attended by Miss Anna
F. Fife, eldest daughter of the groom.
Colonel Fife was unattended. Captain
Freese gave the bride away. Mr. Lau
meister had hoped to fill that post of
honor, but was detained in Trinity County
and was obliged to telegraph his regrets.
MRS. MARY DUBOCB and Colonel
W. J. Fife* were quietly married
yesterday afternoon in the apart
ments of \u25a0 Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Misses Lillian Lrtitbcn, Elizabeth Baker,
Ethel Way. EUa von Kapff. Linda Pritoer.
Belle Herzer. Pauline Ryder. Pearl Haas, Ger
trude Coleman, r>orls Heuer, Mae Nolan,--AI
vina Elsenmann, Aimie Auger. Sadie Ludlow,
Florence Frisbee. Ixittie Haskell. Mae Glad
cine Eva Dolan, Florence Kustel, Mae F.
Keeffe Lillian Breilins:, Edna Sullivan. Alma
fcchroeder. Carrie Nelson. Camllle Nelson;
Messrs. "William Westerfeld. Acton Haven,
Philip J. Eisenmann. Herman Herzer, Dr. A.
W Baker Percy Windham, Alfred Lorber,
Dr" Fdmond D. Keeffe. Dave Wise, Samuel
O ' Stanyan.. PhiliD Heuer. Merritt D. Robi-
Bon. Henry Lassen. Dr. Calvin Knowles. Harry
T Batley. Henry Van Valk«»nberKh. Fred , W.
Burgess and Dr. \V. A. .KUiston.
After the german general dancing was
in order.
The next assembly and german of the
Entre Nous Club will be held on Friday
evening, November 29, at the Palace
Hotel. \u25a0:;., .
THE first cotillon of the season was
danced last evening in the new
ballroom of the Palace Hotel. It
was given by the members of the
Entre Nous Cotillon Club and
proved a brilliant opening for the twelfth
season of the fashionable organization.
The new ballroom, in reality the old
supper-room. Is a decided improvement
on the Maple room, where the dances of
the Entre Nous were held in former sea
sons. It is such a spacious and elegant
apartment that decorations are altogether
unnecessary- The members of the club
recognized this fact and left the room
Just as It is.
The nine debutantes made their initial
bow to society at the cotillon. They
were: Miss Pearl Haas, Miss Alma Cut
ter, Miss Pauline Ryder, Miss Florence
McCoy, Miss Josephine D. Jones, Miss
Lottie Haskell. Miss Alice Weymouth,
Miss Katherine Meyer and Miss Mae D.
Keeffe All of the debutantes were be
comingly gowned in white. They were
loaded down with flowers and received a
great deal of attention.
Sanford G. Lewald led the cotillon,
assisted by Miss Gladys Delzell.' Six fig
ures, all new and extremely pretty, were
danced- I thought the most effective was
the "flag ot all nations," and as the
merry revelers moved through the.meas
ures of the dance, each waving a tiny
silken banner, the effect was a most bril
liant one. In the first set were the fol
lowing dancers:
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday handed down an opinion dis
rr.ifcsing the libel of Theresa Jones vs. the
bark ! Lord Templeton and awarding
•costs to the respondent. Miss Jones al
leged In her complaint that she shipped
at Sydney, N. S. W., as second stewardess
and as such member of the crew was
guaranteed a return passage from San
Krancisco. She alleged that she acted
also as midwife and nurse for the cap
tain's wife during the voyage and demand
ed J250 for such extra service, together
v-Uh $200 for the return passage.' .
Judge de Haven ruled that Miss Jones
had not proved that she came in any ca
pacity other than companionyto the cap
tain's wife and nurse to his minor child.
There was no proof of any agreement to
j>ny her passage back to Sydney.
Judge De Haven Decides That She
Had Been Fully Paid for
Services.
THEB.ESA, JONES LOSES
HEE SUIT FOR "WAGES
Former Governor : Taylor of Tennessee
has been invited to take part In' a fiddling
contest between the old settlers of Mis
souri, which is to take place at Kansas
City on August 10. . ; • - :. \u25a0-
During the two afternoons some pleas
ant entertainment' will be offered visitors.
Miss Lillian Burkhart \u25a0 of the Orpheum
Among the rare things in this display of
goods will be a large assortment of rich
art .brocades, including pillows, boxes,
fancy bags. etc.
The Woman's Hospital has been doing
good in a quiet and 1 persistent way for th*
last thirty-three yes.-. While It has been
the recipient of several endowments from
citizens of the community, the demands
upon its treasury have been great, and
the public is asked on occasions like this
to aid the fund./ ;"'.:
A beautiful and varied assortment of
works of art— imported and domestic— will
be sold as holiday gifts in the Maple Room
of the Palace Hotel on "Wednesday and
Thursday afternoons, October 30, and 31,
for the benefit of the free ward and free
clinic of the Woman's Hospital, located
on Sacramento, between Baker and Lyon,
streets. This sale will furnish the public
an opportunity to inspect and purchase
new and handsome novelties, which have
been imported from Paris and New York
under the supervision of 1 Mrs. Prancis
Carolan. The assortment lnclud.es the
very re west ideas, in- art work from the
great art centers of the world.
In addition to the costly articles there
will be on sale many carefully chosen, in
expensive holiday gilts. The public "is in
vited by the ladies in charge to attend the
benefit sale. . . - . :
Beautiful Articles From the Art Cen
. ters to Be Placed on
Sale.
BENEFIT SALE HT AID
OF THE WOMAN'S HOSPITAL
DANCE SIX
FIGURES IN
COTILLON
CHARITABLE
WOMEN HOLD
BIG BAZAAR
FAIR DEBUTANTES DANCE THEIR FIRST COTILLON
AND SOCIETY PREPARES FETES FOR SWEET CHARITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1901.
4Continued From Page Three.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— T. P. Jones &.
Co., jevholeeale dealers in groceries an 1
coffee, made an assignment to-day. The
firm was rated at about $200,000.
"Furthermore, the log book of the Iowa for
July 3, as printed in the report of the Bureau
of Navigation, states 'that .the Indiana soon
dropped \u25a0 hopelessly behind,: so that I did not
think Admiral Taylor was in a position to
have been cognizant of the fact. I do not
think the Brooklyn passed even within her
tactical diameter when she made , the I loop.
Avhen she made that turn I do not think she
separated herself beyond 600 yards, because
when she turned from the Viscaya her distance
was a little less than 1100 yards. After that
range was given we had advanced a little, and
when she turned around the leading ship of the
Spanish fleet, at least the ship of that fleet
Admiral • Schley next referred to the testi
mony given before the court v by Admiral .Tay
lor, who during the Santiago campaign, com
manded the battleship Indiana. "Admiral
Taylor," he said, "has testified here that he
raw the Brooklyn pass 'a' mile and a half south
r>f the line that day. Captain Taylor's posi
tion was distant, from that of the BrooKlyn
possibly four miles. ' -. J
"In the preparation of the Senate executive
document, which is before the court, the state
ment Is made that the movement of the Brook
lyn in making the loop separated her 800 yards
from the enemy. . Captain Taylor was a mem
ber of the board which made that declaration.
His evidence /of 300 yards as testified to here
does not agree with that fact.
Admiral Cervera, the witness said, thanked
him .for his courtesy, saying he had i never
met a sailor who was not a gentleman, but
declined the proffer, only asking to be al
lowed to send a . dispatch to his Government
announcing the fate of his squadron.
"I told him there would be no objection to
that whatever,", said the witness. "And
that," the admiral paid, \u25a0 closing his narrative
Impressively, "ended the battle of the third
day of July. 1898."
i "I wish to add," he continued, "that I was
very much impressed on that day -with the
fact that the officers and the men who were
engaged - In that struggle fulfilled in the very
highest and in the very noblest degree the
traditions of the American navy."
Returning 'from this chase ' Admiral Schley
told of passing the Iowa, when he was hailed
by Captain Evans, who informed him that
Admiral Cervera was on board and would like
very much to see him. Admiral Schley said
that he then went on board the Iowa, having
in the meantime directed his. men not to cheer,
as he did not think it would be proper to ex
ult over a foe who had fought and behaved so
gallantly. *
"I found the Spanish admiral greatly de
jected," said the witness. "I said to him I
knew he had lost everything, . clothing as well
as money, and I informed him that my ward
robe, as well as my purse, as far as that would
go, was at his service."
After this story of the battle, told by the
senior officer who had participated In It. the
vast audience, which had listened for an hour
in almost breathless quiet, appeared to shift
about slightly and then to settle down for the
remainder of the narrative. Then the admiral
told of the pursuit of the strange vessel, how
he had met the Vixen and been informed it
was the battleship Pelayo and how when it
was ultimately run down it proved to be the
Austrian cruiser Maria Teresa, "which was
bound for Santiago to carry away neutrals
before the city was attacked by the American
forces.
Pursuit of a Stranger.
to him about hoisting the flag on the Colon
and said that I was prepared, if he had not
come up, to have sent a force of fifty or sixty
men, mechanics and marines, on board to take
possession, to avoid anything like — my impres
sion is that I used the words 'monkeying with
her.' I said that because they were throwing
something overboard which afterward proved
to be breech blocks and I thought that there
might be some possibility of injuring her piping
below, wounding her and so on. As soon as
he mentioned to me to take the Oregon- and
go eastward and meet this ship which had
been seen by the Resolute I must say I felt
some little delight, because I thought that
after the admirable work of the squadron on
that day and the part that the Brooklyn and
Oregon had in it there was nothing that car
ried Spanish colors that we should have hesi
tated to meet."
Raynor here began a series of question
to the witness Intended to develop Mints of
the controversy which he evidently felt the
admiral had' not broughtout sufficiently "He
asked Admiral Schley «if he knew anything o/
an order which went to the men on the Brook
lyn durimr the early vpart of .the battle of
July 3 to "stand by to ram," to which th
admiral replied, "Yes; ..I directed that order"
myself because I called the attention of Cap
tain Cock at the time we were' standing in to
the Spanish ships and said, 'Look out They
are'iroinsr to ram you.' There was a distinct
attempt on the part of .both the Theresa and
Viscaya to ram. There is no doubt about it. •
.They. were coming directly at us and I do not
think I .mistook their intention at all. . It was
only after the Viscaya bad changed her course
Raynor asked if he remembered the conver
sation on the BrooV-n between Hodeson ™,i
Captain Cook, ' to which the latter hid te^i
fled; when the former called the attention or
the captain of the Brooklyn to the Texas and
Captain Cook had replied: "Oh y e , r wJ
the Texas." The admiral repiled that "hi.
thought he did recall It. ' P that he
The Admiral said he was unable to recall a
conversation with' Captain McCalla on July 3,
when the latter had said to Admiral; Schley,
according to Captain McCalla's statement en
the witness stand, "That there was glory
enough for all." Admiral Schley said he had
first seen this sentiment as formulated ac
credited to Senator Hale. - "Senator Hale," -he
said, "expressed my feeling at the time, and
that feeling I still hold."
Speaking further on this subject Admiral
Schley aaid: .-"My report had been practically
written. I do not think I added any material
fact to It, as I wrote it on the way down to
Guantanamo. I cannot recollect Captain Mc-
Calla's observation at all. In fact, a contro
versy was not thought of at that time."
Here Raynor reminded Admiral Schley that
he had stated that at the beginning of the
battle the ships charged in accordance with'
the original plan. "Now," he asked, "with
whom did that plan originate?"
"That was the general order of the com
mander in chief during the time of the block
ade, but that failed because the enemy suc
ceeded really in passing the battle line," re
plied Admiral Schley.
Raynor next asked his client concerning the
reported colloquy between himself and Lieu
tenant Commander Hodgson during the
Brooklyn's turn on "July 3. "Did you" he
asked, "at any time within the hearing or
presence of Mr. Hodgson use the words attri
buted to you at one time by Mr. Hodgson?"
Responding, the admiral said: "No, I have
not the slightest remembrance or recollection
of using any "such words. I have so stated to
Mr. Hodgson. I think it is a simple matter
of recollection with him. Mr. Hodgson Is a
very honorable officer and I think the fault
lies with his memory rather than otherwise "
In response to Raynor; Admiral Schley de
tailed the particulars of his correspondence
with Lieutenant Commander Hodgson regard
ing the publication of this alleged colloquv
saying that because of the original publication
he had thought proper to ask Mr. Hodgson for
an explanation. "Mr. Hodgson," • he said
"wrote me quite a long letter in relation to
this matter, containing terms that appeared
to me so Intemperate, bo denunciatory of this
article that I felt it should not be published
as it would provoke upon him probably a
severe and unnecessary assault. I wrote him
then that this was a disposition on the sub
ject of the propriety or Improprieties from his
point ot view. I also wrote him that this was
a distinct colloquy, the tendency of which
he, of course, understood and knew i So that
I wanted him to say whether that' was true
or not, in his own interests as well as mln*
"I suggested to him that his answer, what
ever he might say, should be short because *t
that time he was before a court of Inquiry fn
relation to the matter of the grounding o/the
Brooklyn and he was unusually anxious. That
letter I published. It provoked, of course a
reply that led to an investigation in whinh
Mr. Hellner involved himself, but I neve? was
asked anything about it. I was not J"
moned before any^ court or asked to explain
the transaction. Then there passed between us
a number of letters, he applying for copies
and so on. • " '
Glory Enough for All.
west of us, was not over 800 yards away. That
was my reason for that conclusion.
\u25a0Working-men of San Francisco,
there is a tradition that, sitting in
the lofty tower from which he could
survey the havoc which his own cruel
folly had wrought, Nero played while
Some was in flames. Look to it that
you do not put it in the power of the
future chronicler of this age to write
it down that when, through incompe
tency, inexperience and resulting
lack of proper management, the mu
nicipal affairs of San Francisco were
going to rack and ruin the chief mag
istrate of the city was found in the
retirement cf the Mayor's office seek
ing- the solace of his art and soothing 1
the perturbations of his soul with the
strains of his favorite fiddle. v >
the Oregon? It Is also an essential quality of
a bank president. But does it follow that in
selecting a man to place at the head of a
preat financial institution, as, for instance, the
California or the Nevada or the Hibernia
Bank, honesty is the all-surflcient qualifica
tion?- Does not common sense suggest that the
man fitted for these positions must possess some
other qualification besides honesty: that before
he can be made a general and intrusted with
the lives of soldiers he «must have adequate
knowledge of war; that before he caii be ap
pointed commander of a line of battle ship he
must know the science of the gea; that before
he can be made manager of a bank he must
have mastered the intricacies of the realm of
finance? _-
Workingmen of San Francisco, because Mr.
Schmitz Is a pleasing violinist and an honest
gentleman, would you. therefore, give him
command of a military expedition to the Phil
ippines, or place him at the head of the naval
squadron which protects our commerce in the
Indian Ocean? Because he is a pleasing vio
linist and an honest gentleman would you,
therefore, on that account eelect him as the
president of one of our great banks? Because
he is a pleasing violinist and an honest gen
tleman would you feel that your life would
not be exposed by his lack of competency
were you enlisted in a regiment which he com
manded In time of battle? Would you feel
quite secure from drowning upon a ship of
which he was the sailing master? Would you
deem that your funds would always be wisely
and safely invested were you a depositor in
a bank of which he 'had the management?
I need not pause for a reply to these ques
tions. They are answered as soon as they
are put. And would you, then, simply because
he is honest, place this young musician at the
head of the affairs of this great metropolis,
though you know he has never had the slight
est training, study, experience or knowledge
of the subject? Will you simply because he is
honest entrust him with the management of
the affairs of this city? Will you place In
his hands the fate of its commerce, Its In
dustry and its financial prosperity with which
your own welfare— aye. the welfare of each
man of' you— is bo intimately . connected and
upon which it so absolutely depends? Do you
think the men who control now, and have con
trolled for years, the great enterprises of this
city will feel entirely safe under a government
of which such a man is the head? r>o you
think they will consider this a field for ex
tending, or even retaining, the investments of
their capital? And if they do not, where is
the labor, upon which you all depend, to
come from?
Workingmen of San Francisco, hardy sons
of toil, upon whose broad shoulders the pros
perity of our State must ultimately rest, pause
and reflect before you commit yourselves to so
fatal a course. Do not expose this metropolis,
do not expose your homes,' do not expose your
savings, do not expose yourselves to the un
necessary hazard of entrusting the helm of
government to the unexperienced, untaught,
unskillful hands of -this young artist. The
stake is too great. The risk is too momentous.
No wise and thoughtful man can look forward
without apprehension to the possible conse
quences.
Personal Secretary of the President
to Marry a Buffalo Belle.
LOEB-DOBR. BETROTTTAIi.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— Announce-
SCHLEY TELLSi OF THE FIGHT.
ment is made of the engagement of Miss
Katherine Dorr of" Buffalo to William
Loeb Jr.,~ personal secretary of President
Roosevelt. Although friends of both have
known of the engagement for some time
it has just be«n made public, and con
gratulations are being showered upon th«
young woman who is to become the bride
enter into friendly relations with Russia
and adding that Li Hung Chang must
promptly conclude the Manchurian treaty,
indicates Yung Lu's determination to re
venge himself upon the Viceroys who
bulked his designs, and that the time is
approaching for Great Britain to carry
out her promise to stand. by the Yangtse
Viceroys.
FIANCEES OF SENATOR CHAUNCEY M. DEPEW AND WILLIAM LOEB
JR.,' WHO ARE ACTIVELY ENGAGED IN COMPLETING/ARRANGE
MENTS FOR THEIR COMING NUPTIALS TO THOSE NOTED MEN.
NEW TORK, Oct. 25.— Althougn
the date of Senator Chaunce/
M. Depew's marriage to Miss
May Palmer has not been defin
itely fixed, it Is understood that
it will be celebrated within a few weeks.
A few days ago Senator Depew stated
that it would occur this winter, but more
recently Miss Palmer's sister, a Von
Andre, before sailing for her home in
London, ' said: "The wedding will take
place in a few weeks at my home."
Immediately "after the ceremony Sen
ator Depew and- bride will leave for
"Washington, as Congress will then be in
session, and after the adjournment of
Congress will go abroad again.
Miss Palmer is described by Senator
Depew as a very beautiful girl. She
inherits her beauty from her mother, who
\u25a0was one of the three Hermann sisters of
New Orleans, all famous beauties. She
has a perfect figure, large blue eyes, and
a mass of chestnut hair. She is in face
and figure the type of the young woman
that C. D. Gibson, the artist, delights to
draw. Miss Palmer was educated in
Germany. She has lived abroad since the
death of her father, thirty years ago. He
was a New York banker bdfore taking up
his residence in Paris. Miss Palmer is.
related to Hermann and Charles Oe:
richs. One of her mother's sisters became
the wife of Hall McAllister, the noted
California lawyer.- 7
Jingo Editors Would Force a
Fight Between Chile and
Argentine. •
Senator Chauncey M. Depew, the Noted Orator, and M ; ss May
Palmer, and 'William Loeb Jr. and Miss Katherine Dorr, Are Pre
..pjring for the Culmination' of the Romance of their Lives
of one of the best known and most skill
ful stenographers In the country. .
Miss Dorr Is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Dorr of Buffalo and Js.a young
woman of charming personality, cultuie
and refinement. She met her future hus
band in Albany several years ago.
After graduating from the Albany High
School, where he won .high honors as a
stenographer, Mr. Loeb soon became
known as -one of- the'. best shorthand men
in the Capitol, and at the age of 21 was
elected official stenographer of the As
sembly. Later, when Senator J. Sloat
Fassett became president pro tern, of the
Senate, Mr. Loeb became his private sec
retary. He filled a similar position for
Lieutenant Governor Saxton, and when
President Roosevelt was elected Governor
he selected Mr. Loeb as his private sten
ographer. During the two years when
President Roosevelt was Governor much
,of his private business was Intrusted to
the care of Mr. Loeb, and when electe 1
Vice' President Mr. Loeb became Roose
velt's private secretary. Mr. Loeb was
with the President during his journey to
Buffalo after the death of President Mc-
Klhley, and . accompanied him to Wash
ington and Canton on the funeral train.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
VALPARAISO, Oct. 25.— The alarming
rumors, periodically started by, the Argen
tine jingo newspapers,- are declared to be
groundless.^ The Chilean Government an
nounces that 'it seeks the republic's in
dustrial development and that it wants
peace at any cost., \u25a0• \u25a0 . \u25a0
The Chilean budget for 1902 has been re
duced 4 per cent. Half of the reduction
has been made by the Minister of War.
BUENOS AYRES, Oct. 25.— The Minister
of Marine has decided to call into serv
ice the following war vessels: The San
Martin, Selgrano, Garibaldi, Pueydron,
Nueve de Julio, Patria and Patagonia, be
sides several auxiliary ships.
The Trlbuna, President Roca's organ,
published to-day editorials insisting on the
Importance of the roads and bridges con
structed-by Chile in the disputed terri
tory. In spite of these editorials the Gov
ernment has sent word to the Argentine
legations that relations with Chile con
tinue to be cordial.
Revenge on the Viceroys.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 25.— The newspapers
consider that General Yung, Lu's ; secret
dispatch to Li Hung Chang, asserting
that the Empress Dowager is anxious to
Conflicts "With the Police.
CADIZ, Spain, Oct. 25.— A demonstration
In favor of the Mayor, who was recently
dismissed from : his post, led to a series
of conflicts to-day with the police. Many
persons were injured by stones and with
weapons, and numbers of people were ar
rested. .
that we made our loop, now so celebrated."
Rayncr— While talking about this loop, why
did not the ship turn -with helm hard star
board? - \u25a0 , f
"Simply for the reason that 4t would have
carried us into dangerous proximity. to torpedo
attacks,' a broadside torpedo * attack of the
enemy's vessels.: ' My Judgment 'was that at
that stage i of the action ! the Brooklyn ought
r.ot to-be sacrificed; that, so far as it might
affect the result. to Individuals, I thought was
a consideration that should be turned aside
for the higher • and more Important one— the
interests of the country she was there to sub
serve." y , . \u25a0
As to ths uncoupling of the engines Admiral
Schley testified that he thought they were un
coupled by a standing order of the commander
in chief. At the same time • he said he be
lieved the uncoupling was wise, both because
it would keep down the heat below decks,
which was well nigh insufferable for the men
as it was, and also on account of the desirabil
ity of economizing coal. •'
Raynor then asked Admiral Schley if he had
asked ' Admiral Sampson if there were any
signals with the •insurgents.
"I did," he replied, "but the • admiral said
he knew of none."
Rayncr then called the attention of Admiral
Schley to the following dispatch, dated Key
West, Fla.,.May 21, \u25a0 1898, ; to the Secretary of
the Navy:
"Schley has been' ordered to Santiago de
Cuba. . . SAMPSON.'*
Raynor asked if he had ever been ordered
to Santiago before the dispatch of May 27,
which it had been stated he did not receive
until June 10, to which the admiral replied:
"No, except under order No. 8, leaving the
matter to my discretion."
"There Is nothing then between order No. 8
and the dispatch I have given?"
"No, nothing."
Here Raynor reminded the witness that there
had been more or less discussion' of the possi
bility of the escape of the Spanish squadron
through the blockading line at either Cien
fuegos or Santiago without being detected,
and requested from the admiral an expression
on the subject. Responding, Admiral Schley
said:
"I do not believe that that could have. been
possible, simply because \u25a0 the '-squadron, from
the position which it occupied before these
ports, always would have had that squadron,
had it attempted to escape, under its gun fire.
I had no trouble in seeing the beach 90 per
cent of the time, and I looked at it-wlth every
care."
Here Raynor asked a number of questions
concerning interviews with Captains Cotton
and Wise and other officers, intended to bring
out information to make perfect the record.
Admiral Schley also reviewed the testimony of
Lieutenant Wood, Lieutenant Hood and Cap
tain McCalla.
The court then adjourned until Monday morn
ing at 11 o'clock. . '
Newspapers Trying to
Stir Up Strife in
South America.
"ficmns the act in the case of the capitalist
wjuHy condemns «t in the case of the. laborer.
i'aus; ana consider how the broad sentiment
of L'.nxiln would sound if paraphrased to suit
the attitude of the Labor ticket. Though him
foU a eon of toil, a man of sorrow and not
unacquainted with grief, sympathizing In every
fiber of his great heart and every impulse of
his noble nature with all those who through
suffering' and tears yearn lor the light, yet
you cannot conceive him. yet even in imagina
tion you cannot picture him as praying to
heaven to establish and perpetuate in this na
tion a government of the people by the working
clays for the benefit of the working class. His
prayer was hemmed and circumscribed within
no such narrow limits. His aspirations were
eramiW within no such dwarfing bounds. His
proclamation of the equality of man. spurning
all paltry and artificial distinctions of rank or
wealth or class, was commensurate with hu
manity itself. His invocation to heaven was
fcr thi! perpetuation of the government of the
whele people by the whole people and for the
whele people.
A political organization, therefore,
composed exclusively of the laboring
class and devoted to the promotion of
the interests, of that class, violates in
its very conception, every essential
principle upon which popular govern
ment is based and upon which alone
it can be destined to endure. Such an
organization cannot succeed because
it does not deserve to succeed. It can
cccomplish no good because its very
existence is a living contradiction oi
the principle by which it alone seeks
to justify its existence.
The history of the past affords the amplest
Justification of all that I have here said. Nevei
did ary party confessedly based upon excluslv*
class interests ever permanently succeed, evei
bring about la -ting good.
MAY. BE A GOOD VIOLINIST,
BUT A VERY POOR MAYOB
Schnjitz's Disposition Amiable — His
If?* xy/l^lB Good, but He Lacks
of Execution.
Q f -, the labor candidate. I have
no »• m l>1 disparagement to utter. From no
cuart°» t ive 1 neard an 7 imputation upon his
]lf r "racter. It was at one time my good
forti J have some acquaintance with his
fp.Jr *- found him a man of amiable dispo
sition, wholly devoted to his art. He was in
truth an excellent musician, and played on
the v:.olin with exquisite taste and great skill.
Many a time have I bot-n charmed with the^
strains of his instrument. The son. I under
stand inheriting his lather's amiable disposi
tion and natural talent for musiK, has followed
In his footsteps. From childhood up he has de
vott-d himself wholly to the pursuit of the same
profession. Like his father he has achieved
honorable fucccfs. Like him he has become a
jileasing violinist and skillful leader of orches
tras.
But. workingmen of San Francisco, you now
rropoHe to take him from a station which by
inheritance, inclination and training he is fitted
to fill with credit, and without the slightest
preparatory study and without a day's expe
rience in that direction to make him the chief
magistrate of a city of 350,000 inhabitants. You
purpose to place in his hand the management
of a vast and complicated machine, with the
construction and operation of which he has not
the elightest acquaintance. Tou intend to con
fide tD him the conservation of the vast busl
jifss, commercial and financial interests of this
metropolis, knowing that he has never had the
slightest business experience, the most remote
arquaintance with commerce, nor even the
most elementary knowledge of the complicated
science of finance. You propose to do tbte when
—I ysy it without the slightest disparagement
or urklndness— the very qualities which have
ins?ur«-d his success in the profession of his
choice \u25a0\u25a0"turally and inevitably unflt him for
i..v «.a?k •./•-which you would now assign him.
Nothing is more notorious than
that the qualities of the artist's
temperament . which, have insured
Hr. Schraitz's success as a musician
are the very ones which unfit a man
for *:be practical transaction or ma:i
ng-ement of business. The two men
tal conditions are absolutely antago
nistic. Did any one of you ever hear
of a great musician, painter or sculp
tcr -who was at the same time a g^reat
man of affairs?
It is no answer to all this to say that . Mr.
Prhmitz is an honest man. This qualification
n» one more cheerfully concedes than I. But.
gentlemen, honesty is not in itself a creative
agency. It is not a generative force. It may
keep a man straight in the course in which he
is moving. It does not carry him forward in
that course. It is the regulator upon the en
gine. It is not the steam whose mysterious
power sets the machinery in motion. It is the
anchor which keeps the chip from drifting upon
the rocks or shoals. It is not the breath of ths
Ftorm which fills its sails and carries it across
the main. Honesty is an excellent quality in
all undertakings and under all circumstances.
But :t would be a fatal mistake to assume that
in and by itself it feeds or capacitates a man
to discharge the functions of all the varied
end complicated stations of life. It is an ex
cellent quality in a military commander. But
does it follow that every honest man is compe
tent to be placed at the head of a regiment to
lead a brigade into action or an army corps In
battle? It is also an excellent quality in a
tailor. But doe6 it follow that any and every
hcne;-t man is competent to sail the Iowa or
Continued From Page Two.
YELLOW SHEETS
SHOUT FOR WAR
APPROACHING MARRIAGE OF TWO
BEAUTIFUL WOMEN TO NOTED MEN
ELOQUENCE OF OELMAS,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1901.
5
AMUSEMENTS.
UULU iWlJ9l A LEADING THEATRI
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT and SUNDAY NIGHT.
SECOND and LAST WEEK Begins Monday.
STUART ROBSON
In. the Greatest Production Ever Made ot
Bronson Howard's Masterpiece,
"THE HENRIETTA"
MR. ROBSON AS BERTIE. THE LAMB.
An All-Star Cast. Including Many Favorites.
Nov. 4.— SARAH COWELL-LE MOYNE in
"The First Duchess of Marlborough."
BEST VAUDEVILLE POSSIBLE!
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY. Oct. 26.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony, 10c; chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c. .
TJeaux and Belles, Mignonette Kokin,
John Geiger, Francis Le Page and
the Bio graph. Last times of
Thomas Baker, Monroe, Mack and
Lawrence, De Courcy Brothers,
Joe, Buster and Myra Keatcra.
'MATINEES- TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
"THE MAN FROM MEXICO."
Week Commencing MONDAY EVENING Next.
WALTER E. PERKINS,
"MY FRIENDFROM INDIA,"
By H. A. Du Souchet.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c, 23c. 50c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25e.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES.
MATINEE TO-DAT, • '
TO-NIGHT
OF »
A FEMALE DRUMMER.
INCLUDING CHARMING. LOVELT. CLEVEB
JOHNSTONS BENNETT.
SUNDAY NIGHT— THE BIG NEW TORK
SENSATION.
"SPORTING LIFE."
SEATS NOW READY.
i%H H1ATR eMT
BELASCO & THALL Managers
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
You'll Be Sorry If
THE GIRL
IN THE BARRACKS
Goes Before Tou See Her.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Seats on Sale Six Days in Advance.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c anfl 75«
NEXT— "TENNESSEE'S PARDNER."
CHUTES and ZOO
SPECIAL JO-NIGHT!
Past Master Workmen's Asso-
ciation Night at the Chutes.
. . .ALSO...
GRAND PRIZE
CAKEWALK!
Telephone for Seats-^Park 13. *
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. OAKLAND.
v TO-DAY- AT 3 P.M.
SUNDAY. . .... . . . . . . AT 2:30 P. M.
R EC RE A flON F*A RK,
Eighth and . Harrison ctreeti. •
AMTJSEMENTS.
*TI VOLI*
Evenings at 8 Sharp!
MATINEE SATURDAY at 2 Sharp!
Next Week. Last of Grand Opera.
To-night.
"NORMA."
Matinee To-day, and Sunday Night,
"LA BOHEME."
MONDAY. October 2Sth.
GRAND TESTIMONIAL TO DIRECTOR
STEINDORFF.
"CARMEN" (Next Week). "LA BOHEME."
POPULAR PRICES— 23c. 50c. 75c.
Telephone Bu3h 9.
BEM.ASCO A"» THALCS^jfftg.
ii* *^ BttSS CtTV MJiH
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT and Sunday Evening. Last Time*,
The Big Melodramatic Success,
The COTTON
KING
See the Great Cotton Mill Scene.
DD'fL V Evenings.... 10c. 15c. 25c. 35c, 5Cs
rnitLJ Matinees lCc. 15c. 25c
" Next Monday — Stupendous production of
-THE GREAT NORTHWEST."
MBS. M. E. BLANCHARD'S
SECOND SONG RECITAL.
THIS AFTERNOON at 3.
SHERMAN & CLAY'S MUSIC HALU
Reserved Seats, 75c and 50c.
1 i — ' '
PTCrUT7P»C CONCERT HOUSE,
r lOUxlr<n. O Admission lOc.
GEISSLER - HIRSCHHORN TYROLEAN
TROUPE; Claire Fex; Geo. Jones; Maud D«
Alma; Harry Holmes; Herr Huber; Eleanors
Jenkins and Hinrichs' Orchestra.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing. Including admission. 25c; children. 20c.
STATEMENT
' OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OF THE m
Fidelity and Deposit
COMPANY .
OF BALTIMORE. IN THE STATE OF
Maryland, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1900. and for the year ending on that
day as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of Sections 610 and 811 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by thj
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount ot Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash I1.500.COO 00
ASSETS. ' "
Real Estate owned by Company J6CO.00O 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned' by Company 3.364.357 00
Cash In Company's Office 41.813 14
Cash In Banks -. 277.971 57
Premiums In dus Course of. Collec-
tion ....: 97,372 OS
Total Assets $4,331,313 73
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid $4,473 83
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 45.127 81
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 105.553 33
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less. $ ; rein-
surance 50 per cent 630,243 39
"Total Liabilities SS05.409 43
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums n.133.562 47
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 135.671 43
Received for Rents 3S.453 32
Received from all other sources 73.743 53
Total Income S1.3S6.130 73
EXPENDITURES. '
Xet amount paid for Losses (includ-
ing $ losses of previous
' years) *371.!3!> 38
Dividends to Stockholders 262.447 50
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 279,26134
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 77,533 04
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes i S2.319 11
All other payments and expenditures! 179.331 44
Total Expenditures $r,222.314 »
EDWIN WARFIELD. President.
HARRY NICODEMUS. Ass't Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this St!»
day of January. 1901. FREX> S. AXTELU
Notary Public.
FRANK L. GILBERT,
GENERAL, AGENT,
ROOMS 24-25
Tenth Floor Mills Building,
Snn Francisco.,
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Parasites Cause All Hair Troubles.
Nine-tenths of the diseases of the scalp
and hair are caused by parasite germs.
The importance of this discovery by Pro-
fessor Unna of the Charity Hospital,
Hamburg, Germany, cannot be overesti-
mated. It explains why ordinary hair
preparations, even of the most expensive
character, fail to cure 'dandruff; because
they do not and they cannot kill the dan-
druff germ. The only, hair preparation
in the world that positively destroys the
dandruff parasites that -burrow up the
scalp into scales called scurf, or dandruff,
is Newbro's Herpicide. In addition to its
destroying the dandruff germ Herpicide is
also' a delightful hair dressing, making
the hair glossy and soft as silk.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BENITO CO.
"We offer some -stock for sale in this mine at
50c per share. Price will be advanced en No-
vember 15. The money will be used for devel-
opment and to build a furnace, which will im-
mediately enhance the value. • Vast quantities
of ore are developed with a. shaft 260 feet deep
and 1000 feet of tunnels. We own 720 acres of
land with buildings and machinery- • We want
you to see this mine. The stock in the Silver
Creek Quicksilver advanced from 10c to $3 per
share and is all sold and issued and will pay
a dividend in a short time.
H. R. BRADFORD.
President and General. Manager,
• 7 North Market St.. San Jose. Cal.
Prospectus and Exhibit at Branch Office,
413 KEARNY STREET, San Francisco.
•\u25a0...-. F. PS FREITAS, Agent.
For Stomach Disorders,.
Gout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water*.
22O BROADWAY. N. T.
e^^^thJ PARKER'S ;i
liSM Balsasw I
the growth of the hair and ! !
< ; gives It the lustre and silMness of youth. S
! ! When the hair 13 gray or faded tfc'<|
Ji BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. i|
J ! It prevents Dandruff and hair falling >
• • ; ! | and keeps the scalp clean and healthy. J !
PALACE HOTEL.
; • For a quarter of a century these,
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world'
to San Francisco.' Guests enter-
tained on the American or, European
plan. .-. •• \u25a0 . '- '\u25a0\u25a0 '. . \u25a0\u25a0.'-;.. \" . .
GRAND MOTEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Annual Subscription Offer of
,r^e Youth's Companion
Gives Reasons for Subscribing Now. See Offer Below.
Illustrated Prospectus for the 1902 Volume sent • •
. Free to Any Address.
I I Every New Subscriber who will mention this paper or cut
I I out this slip and send it at once with S1.75 will
J I FREE — AH the issues for the remaining weeks of igoi.
3 -j*J FREE— The Thanksgiving and Christmas Numbers.
m MtkEffi — The Companion Calendar for 1903, lithographed
y in " colors and e° ld - • • - •
jf^k *Nn2KS And The Companion for 53 'wrecks of igoa,— more than 850
stories, 50 special articles, anecdotes, etc.
P fOm now till January. iqo3, for $i.7S. . |
4i*^ »i&fck. The Yoat!l ' s Companion, Boston, Mass. #^S*^ u
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Health and_ Strength!
Nlalt Breakfast Food
A CREATOR OP BRAWN AHD
MUSCLE,
Th© health and strength giving proper-
ties of Malt Breakfast Food are now fully-
known and appreciated by millions on
this North American continent. The mar-
velous action of the pure malt, combined
\u25a0with the virtues of the choicest wheat,
gives to old and young: an agent or cre-
ator of true brawn and muscle and a
builler of physical health and brain
power.
Give this perfect food a trial and you
will at once discover Its superior quali-
ties. Its delicious flavor, great nutritlve-
ness and sustaining power will win your
favor. At all grocers'.
| LIMITED
J "THE SUPERIOR OF 1
I THEM ALL"
\ Everything th&t tends to |
i epeed, comfort, pleasure and
| luxury unlimited. Reserve
' berths for this famous train \u25a0
i et 641 Harket street. \
I
§ IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AHD j
\ THURSDAY, 9.00 A. M., OB THE.
<
SftNTA FE
I II \u25a0Mill I
il(\ 1 PT nnill I Corner Fourth and
mi BOYlL&sw*'^
Will L. IIVSIIIL-jc overcoats and
vaiises checked (fee.Henry Watterson may not obtain tbeGovernorship
of Kentucky, "but since his candidacy was declared he
has received complimentary notices enough to make
him. feel that he deserves it \ * ' ggjfi
The British were aware at the beginning of the war
that the Transvaal is a large country, _but. what grinds
them is that the more they chaseithe Boers the bigger
the field appears. '
. Politics is somewhat mixed in Massachusetts, for
the : Republicans have nominated for Attorney Gen
eral a. man who 1 voted for Cleveland in 1884, and the
Democrats have nominated for Lieutenant Governor
a man who voted for Blaine.
SYDNEY'S POPUliATION-S., City.
The population of Sydney was In 1S91,
386,859 and In 1901 Is 4S8.963.
JIM JEFFRIES— Call Admirer, Ctty.
Jim Jeffries," the pugilist,- was born In Car
roll, Ohio, in 1875. His height is 6 feet V&
inches.
. AGRICULTURAL STATION— L., By
ron, Cal. The agricultural experimental
station is located at the University of
California, Berkeley. . ' .
ELECTRIC POLES— M. C, City. There
ls.no city ordinance that declares that
horses shall not be hitched to electric
light poles in San Francisco.
t, SETTING UP EXERCISES— O. B., City.
Any first-class bookseller can. procure for
you a copy of the United States tactics,
in which you will find the setting up ex
ercises. • s .".\u25a0 •- - '
' MORGAN'S WEALTH-F. M.B., Ocean
View, Cal. 'All the statements that have
been published as to the' wealth of J. P.
Morgan are mere guesses. Possibly' the
only "one who knows is Morgan himself,
and he does not tell what it Is.
\u25a0 MARIETTA— R. T. "W., Angel Island,
Cal. Marietta, - Ohio, • Is 1n Washington
County In that State. ., It is in the Fif
teenth Congressional District" and Henry
Clay Van Voorhis is the Representative.
] LETTER— B., San Jose, Cal. There Is a
law that declares that the opening of a
letter addressed .to another is a misde
meanor that may be punished by a fine 'of
$500 or Imprisonment for six months, or by
both such fine and imprisonment.
EXPERT A^D ACCOUNTANT-C. A.
B., Nashton,' Cal. Tou will have to be
more explicit in your inquiry relative, to
{'certificate to expert public books" and
\u2666'clerk of board of accounts" before this
department can furnish an answer.
TWENTY-DOLLAR PIECES—Numis
matist, City. The coinage of $20 pieces
was authorized by the act of March 3,
1849. It Is stated that but one specimen
of' that date was struck and that 'has
been in the mint cabinet at Philadelphia
ever since. . , -. V. .;.
THE PRESIDENCY— Subscriber, City.
The United States was' not without a
President '.'between .'the /time William
McKinley. died and.. Theodore Roosevelt
took. the oath of office as President." The
latter, by law, became President the mo
ment McKinley died.
SLUGS— Numismatist, City. . Fifty-dol
lar gold pieces, were i never coined In the
United . States . mints. Such, .round and
octagonal, were coined In San Francisco
in the private mints of Augustus Hum
bert and Kellogg &> Co., in 1851, 1852, 1853
and 1855. These coins were called "slugs."
'POLICE PENSION— l. P., Byron Hot
Springs, CaL . The police pension office in
San Francisco Is in' that of the Police
Commissioners andin charge; of the com
missioners. A", pensioned police officer is
given a warrant, signed by authority, of
the board, : every three months. •
- REGISTERED LETTER— B.', San Jose,
Cal. | When the .United States j Postofflce
Department • receives and i registers \u25a0 a* let
ter it assumes the responsibility of safe,
delivery to the party addressed as far as
The Royal Ulster Yacht Club has been convulsed
with good humor over. the idea that it intends to issue
a challenge for the America's cup.'" It is refreshingto
know-that a sense of the ridiculous has not altogether
disappeared from our sporting friends across the
water.- *;^- . . .
Minister Wu is soon to be among us.-. It might not
be an unwise suggestion to assume that he would for
get diplomacy, be fair and look at Chinatown as it is.
Even he might say that it is best for' Americans not
to have two such places as our plague spot. , .
PLATINUM— J. F. O., Barstow, Sail
Bernardino, Cal. Platinum is a grayish
white metal, with a high luster. Its spe
cific gravity Is 2L15, one of the heaviest
substances known. The specific gravity
of gold is 19.3; of lead 1L4 and of iron 7.8.
In placer mining platinum is found with
gold and can be separated by the use of
mercury, which takes up -the gold and
allows the platinum to remain. Platinum
is found with many metals, and is gen
erally discovered In small, glistening
granules. ' Once seen there Is no difficulty
in distinguishing it from "glistening iron
ore."
Russian students seem determined to vie. with us in
the deadly, enthusiasm of 'our r; football contests'. A
mob of Russian' hopefuls attacked the Governor of
Kischeneff and eleven were killed and thirty-six were
wounded. This seems 4 to t>e an improvement upon
footbalL
Reports from Washington concerning the canal
treaty that is to be submitted to the Senate this win
ter are so contradictory that a man might be almost
justified in doubting whether there is any treaty or
any" Senate; or whether there is ever to be any canal
or any winter. \ ' ' .
Redmond- declares the Irish party will : no longer
act with the British Liberals, and Mr. Asquith, speak
ing for the Liberals, says .they are quile wiling to
lose their former allies, while the Conservatives watch
the separation with smiling faces and count on hold
ing office ifbr seven years; to come.
It is said the- Russian press is 'demanding' that
Roosevelt dismiss Secretary Gage, and if the report
be true the editors are doubtless finding a good deal
of pleasure in making the demand.*; When a man dare
not. criticize the. officials of- his own country it i.s^ a
pleasant relief to his feelings to attack an official of
some other country.
ROSE SPRING— H.. Berkeley^ Cal. A
friend of thla department, resident of
Loomis, Placer County, has kindly fur
nished the following answer to a request
for Information in relation to Rose Spring,
Cal. : "Rose Spring Is located In Placer
County/five miles due north of Folsom
and about six miles east of Roseville, In
township IP north, range 7 east, Allen's
precinct. It was a mining town or camp
in the. early days, and is at the present
time a fruit ranch, known as Rose Spring
ranch."
I GOLD HALVES AND QUARTERS— H.
W. B., - Nevada City. Cal. The United
States mints never coined 60 or 25 cent
gold pieces. The smallest gold coin issued
out of 'the mints was the $1 piece author
ized by the act of March 3, 1849. Coins of
that denomination were coined from that
year up to and including 18S9, when the
coinage was discontinued.
The allied powers have established a formidable
guard around the foreign legation buildings at Pe
king, but the heads of the Chinese Government re
fuse to return to the capital; so now the* question
is how the Ministers are to transact business with the
wily Chinamen. They are apparently at Peking just
as far away, from the seat of the Chinese Government
as they; would have been had they stayed at Hong
kong. - :' •
AS the discussion of the reciprocity treaties and
of the suggested changes in the tariff proceeds
it becomes more and more evident that the,
opponents of the protective system will probably
unite upon reciprocity as a means of making an open
ing for eventual free trade. It is true that if Con
gressman Babcock should bring up in Congress his
plan for tariff revision it would have the support of
all the opponents of protection, but even the most
sanguine of such opponents are not hopeful of any
great results from. what is now known as "Babcock
ism." In the reciprocity treaties, on the other, hand,
they perceive what they, regard as a bright prospect"
for success, and it is certain they will make earnest
efforts. to accomplish something this winter, in that
way. \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 » '.
A recent dispatch from Washington announces that
it has been decided by the advocates of reciprocity to
abandon the fight for the treaty with Argentine and
to concentrate their energies upon' the other trea
ties. • The reason announced for the determination is
that the advocates of the treaties have fourrd that the
wool industry, which would be hurt by the Argentirfe
treaty, is too strong to be attacked. It will be their
plan, therefore, to divide the friends of protection, if
possible.. They will promise the wool men immunity
if the wool men will co-operate in bringing about the
ratification of the other treaties. The Argentine
treaty is to be abandoned, not because the free traders
believe it to be objectionable, but because they wish
to have greater freedom in making the fight for the
other treaties. ,
If the wool men be. deceived by that kind of tactics
they will have more wool over their eyes than we
think they have. It has long been evident to intelli
gent Americans that the protective system must be
maintained in' its entirety or else it will be in danger
of disappearing altogether. Any policy of granting
protection to some industries while denying it .to
others is doomed to failure. The American people
will not support it. The fight against a misuse of
reciprocity . in the direction of free trade must be
made .unitedly. There is no division that can be
tolerated. -
Fi ROM the benefit given by the Theatrical ( Man
agers' Association something more than $1400
was received by the McKinley memorial fund.
The total amount subscribed up to this time ap
proaches $25,000. It seems,, then, well' assured that
we are to have a memorial that will be worthy of the
man and of the city. Certainly the raising of so
large a fund in a time comparatively so short and
without recourse to extraordinary means is a proof
that the hearts of the people are in the movement and
that they are animated by patriotism and liberality.
A work so well begun should be carried forward
by the same impulse that started it. It should not be
found necessary to resort to any adventitious means
of stimulating contributions. It is to be a popular
manifestation of the love borne to McKinley by the
people of California, and of their recognition of the
great place he is destined to hold for all time in the
history of the Pacific Coast and the expansion of
American energy across the Pacific Ocean.
Where every one contributes something it will. not
be required that any one should give much. To raise
the sum needed to erect a 1 truly noble memorial ought
not to be difficult in a city of this size and among
a people so prosperous and so proverbially. generous
and patriotic. Let every citizen bear the subject in
mind and make such contribution to it as. his means
justify. The movement is no longer an experiment
Enough has been accomplished to assure some meas
ure of success. It remains with the people to deter
mine whether they will raise that success to aVdis
tinct artistic triumph and have a share in it them
_selves.by contributing to the fund. "
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE McKINLEY MEMORIAL.
MISUSE OF RECIPROCITY.
•p-* ROM the efforts recently begun on tnc part- of
M the Manufacturers' and Producers'- Association
•*. to bring about the co-operation of the Native
buns and Native Daughters in the work of advancing
California industries good results have been already
obtained. The young men and women to whom the
appeals were made have been prompt to respond and
to pledge assistance in making California -a- home
market .for liome products. I?y their example others •'
will be influenced. In that respect, then, jthe associa
tion has started a good movement in the right direc
tion. . , .
. 'As a further means of developing and expanding
the markets for California goods the association.pur
poses to publish and distribute widely throughout the
Union and in foreign countries a descriptive cata
logue of our commercial products, natural and manu
factured. The officials of the association have found
that notwithstanding-all that has been written of Cali
fornia there is nothing in print available for general
use and wide distribution containing anything ap
proaching a complete list .of.the natural and artificial
productions of the State as a whole, and it is to sup
ply that need that the new catalogue is to be pre
pared. ' , •
The full extent o| _the resources and the industries
of California are^not understood even by its own
people, and consequently^ the work -that is to be com
piled by the • as^opatiorf '-\\4ll contain much informa
tion that will be.new/eyeri to well-informed Califor
nians themselves." : An. illustration is at hand. ' A re
cent report oLthe association points .out that nearly
one-third of the entire raisin product- of the State is
put up in the form of s'ee'deo! raisins, an industry per
fected here and commercially successful only in thjs
State. The statement will unquestionably be a mat
tef*of news to a large number of persons who deem
themselves well posted on our fruit "industries.
In many other directions the.' energies of the offi
cers of the association have achieved important bene
fits for our industry and our commerce. The secre-.
tary's report of recent work done by -the association
shows that in co-operation with other commercial
bodies material reductions from the rates originally
prioposed..by J the Philippine^ Commission = have been
obtained in the duty finally imposeti upon flour,
canned fruits, canned salmon and gasoline hereafter
imported- into the. Philippines. Through like co
operation the imposition -of a duty on flour to be
imported into China during the interim 'before the
filial revision of the Chinese tariff was avoided, and
there is now hope that it may be possible to prevent
altogether the placing of a duty in the Chinese
tariff upon this important product of the Pacific.
Coast, j . - - * i .;\u25a0:. **''!.?
The results that have been achieved afford . good
reason for the hope of even greater and more bene
ficial results to come. • : Well . co-operation
carried forward with energy and sagacjty cannot fail
to' be. immensely advantageous, to the; community as
a whole. The Manufacturers* and Producers' Asso
ciation is among the organizations which are doing
m6it for, the upbuilding of all", our industries, and it
merits the hearty co-operation of the people in all of
MANUFACTURERS AND PRODUCERS
Frank Miller of Sacramento Is at the Oc
cidental.
J. Chisholm of North San Juan to at
the Lick.
H. C. Veatch, a mining man of Orovllle,
is at the Grand. " . -.'\u2666«,„.
Stanton L. Carter, an attorne - ».«.
no, is at the Lick. - • , ° r Fres
G. S. Nixon of Nevada Is at tlj pajace,
accompanied by his wife. Vjf . •
James Collins, fruit grower of U-rtiond.
is resigstered at the'Llck. ; ' ori
P. H. Mack, a mining man ar '\u25a0> .. %xttGm
ulator of Los Angeles, is a* the d" J£
R. R. Lowe, accompanied by his family,
arrived from Dawson yesterday and reg
istered at .the Lick.
W. Lindgrefj, United States geologist,
left last evening for Clifton, Ariz., to
study the copper deposits of that region
for the Government.
Hart H. North. United States' Immi
grant Commissioner, will * leave for th«
East this evening on leave of absence for
two months. While in" Washington h«
will confer with Immigration Commission
er Powderly on matters connected with
the office.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Fair Customer— What is the price of
this book on "Good Form?"
Dealer— Fifty cents.
Customer— Oh, I want better form than
that. Please show me a - book worth a
dollar. — Fliegende Blaetter.
Dick— Do you like romantic «drls,
Harry? «
Harry— I guess not! When ; ,ju make a
hole In your salary buying the* A expensive
flowers they tear them apart, rep^at 1 *^:
"He loves me— he loves me n t'-Phlla
delphla Record.: .'.., . \, V,> *
His Dilemma.— What's the matter with
old Squeezem?"
"His heart is breaking. He had U 80 ia
unused ch%zk stamps, and as the Govern
ment will only redeem them In $2 lots he'll
have to buy ten more or lose the -whole
thing."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend.' •
Choice candies. Tonwsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at. Townsend'*.*
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c k
pound. In fire-etched boxes cf Jap, bas •
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street, Pajace Hotel building. •
-Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cust proceeds to trace the story of the
sketch book from the date of December,
1641, when Vandyke died at Blackfriars.
London, and his studio was left at the
mercy of his pupils and assistants, who
helped themselves to what they fancied.
In that way began the travels of many a
Vandyke relic, >b.ut it ia enough to have
the description of this one sketch book.
It is a small quarto volume, bound orig
inally In white vellum, and contains 22 »
leaves, the pages having a double num
bering. There Is no system of arrange
ment of the sketches! , The majority were
made with pen and bistre-colored ink,
heightened by the \u25a0 use of a brush with
the same ink. Some appear to have been
made with a light pencil In outline, which
are almost faded, so that the sketches
have in certain cases been drawn over
with a pen, probably, by some later pos
sessor of -the book.- -. .
system and care allow. If a registered
letter is lost the authorities will trace it
up, and In case of loss beyond recovery
the department will pay an indemnity, not
to exceed $10.
The book was by George Downes, A. M.,
and was published by Gallgnani. Tho
library of the Alpine Club, I believe, pos
sesses no copy, nor is It mentioned 'In the
comprehensive biblography of Swiss trav
el and Swiss* guide books by the Rev. W.
A. B. Cooledge. who indeed i gives Murray
the credit of having: been the first m the
field."- Yet It Js an excellent- work, evi
dently for the most part the original pro
duct of personal experience.
One of the treasures of the Duke of
Devonshire's library at Chatsworth is the
sketch book which belonged to Sir "An
thony "Vandyke. A notable art 'volume
arising out of this is announced for pub
lication by Messrs. 'Bell, with a descrip
tion of the sketch book by Lionel Cust
and ' reproductions of many ot the
sketches. Of these Cust says:
"They are indubitably the work of An
thony Vandyke, and they furnish a most
precious record. of his sojourn in Italy
during the years 1625-1638."
Standing by v was a collector, and when
he heard the girl's remark he pricked up
his \u25a0 ears, for he happened .to remember
that very moment that wlth.,the exception
of- a 'translation of I a German work no
English ' guide book for Switzerland Is
known to have .been .published before the
appearance of the first edition of Murray,
in 1833. ; So when the young ladles had de
parted with fourpennyworth of * heart
throbs he seized on the discarded, volume
and found he had secured a prize for
which, owing to the present rage for rare
ties in Alpine literature, he could prob
ably obtain as many pounds as he hal
paid pence, and which, apart from sordid
considerations of any kind, was a wel
come addition to his treasures.
Here Is the strange part" of the story,
which shows how a- chance remark over
heard In the street may lead to much.- .
Two pretty young girls wer© turning
over a cheap tray at a second-hand book
stall. "All these at fourpence each" had
attracted them. They were canvassing
the merits of paper-backed novels and va
rious verse volumes of the "hearts' darts"
class. One of the girls took up a little
fat book bound in green skin, but threw
it down with a sniff of contempt as she
said: "Guide to Switzerland,- 1827! A pre
cious lot of use that would be now!"
If popularity and amount of literary
output count for virtues in a writer Mm. i
Arthur Stannard (John Strtange Winter)
has nothing, to fear. The list of her writ
ings consist of sixty-nine novels and 230
short stories; a sufficient achievement for
a writer who has hardly reached middle
life and is still full of possibilities.
Playwritlng Is at present occupying her
attention. It is a curious fact that thougn
the dramatic version of "Booties' Baby"
had not a particularly striking success,
and though the author had only a fourth
part in the profits, it yielded her more
than • the novel itself. This experience
doubtless induced her seriously to attempt
original playwrlting. It Is probable that
two of her dramas win shortly be seen in
the West End-
Mrs. Stannard, who recently returned to
London after six years' residence at
Dieppe, lives in a pleasant house In West
Kensington. She Is a woman of very ob
viously Ftrong Individuality, and talto
with volubility and not a little humof.
She has a passion for collecting old
china, and numbers many beautiful spec
imens among her possessions, most of
which, she tells you with considerable en
joyment, she picked up at cheap sales.
San Francisco possesses another person
of the same ilk— a politician for pay— who
has been vigorously lampooned and cari
catured by the press, who once turned on
his tormenters with a. suit for libel and
recovered $1 as damages. It has been
popular to revile him as unutterably low.
Will some one kindly explain the differ
ence — the moral difference Is meant—be
tween this man -and -the dictator? The
writer believes -none can be shown— that
the difference, if any, is merely in sound,
and that both should be pilloried upon
the same platform at the same time.
"Arcades .ambo,' [ "id" est, blackguards
both!"
In the opinion; of t>ie writer so long as
the dictator remains in power it will be
utterly useless for any straightforward,
honest, self-respecting Republican — one
who will not consent to be numberel
among the "useful"— to aspire to political
office In this city.
Republican cattle, behold your sham
bles and your driver! Enter In and await
the butcher and his knife!
A REPUBLICAN.
San Francisco, Oct. 24. .
A Few Words to Republican?.!
Editor Tha Call— At- this --writing the
signs point to -a Democratic success this
fall, and yet before any nominations were
made it seemed as though the Republi
cans could " Baf sly anticipate a sweeping
• victory- But one thing could have caused
such a change in so short a period— the
action qf the nominating convention.^ No
doubt there are good and honest "men on
-the ticket; no doubt also that < there are
many tools upon it, placed there -for fu
ture usefulness— placed there, in •, the ex
pectation that 'hey would be able to run
the race in a "yellow dog" year. Wh* t
gross Ignorance, or what duplicity — chooss
the phrase ypu prefer— the party dictator
has displayed in hls^political slate mak
ing! While every thinking person be
lieves that the Republican ticket, cave
possibly .as to a few Individuals, Is
doomed for the reason that Republicans
will not tolerate a "yellow dog" (euphem
ism for rascal politician) merely because
of the party collar, the dictator passes
along with uptllted chin and expansive
smile as though he considered everything
won. Perhaps' r.e does, but can the reader
tell what "everything won" means? The
dictator la a Demo.crat, and he-4« at once
the attorney for powerful corporation,
and the manipulator, or dictator rather,
of Republican politics. Does, anybody
suppose . that "everything won", means
more to him than. that he has served tns
clients well? Is politics to this man any
thing more than a business, i. e., any
thing more than an adjunct to the busi
ness of the corporations whom he is em
ployed to serve at so much per annum?
If not, is It to be supposed that he would
willingly allow any Republican to be nom
inated or elected whom he could not con
trol?
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
Personal Mention.
SATURDAY -. QCTOBER 26, 1901
'"'JOHN D. SPRECKELS,. Proprietor/ :
AttTtu All Ctaatalcttioai to W.S. LEASE, Eiupf.
MAXAGKIt'S OFFICE... Telephone rien 20*
I'UHLI CATION OFFICB,,;. Market and Third, 9. F.
Telephone Pre«» 201*.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. .... .217 to 221 St«Tenaom St.
Telephone Prem 203.
l.y Carrier*, l« Cents Per Week.
" _ '\u25a0 SlnC'le Copied. 5 Cent*. ,
Tern* br Mall. Including: Poatas;et
DAILY CALL ftncludlnr Sunday), on* rear I«-W
DAILY CALL Clocludlnc Sunday). * imoctb* t.M
ZJAILT CALL (Including- Eundaj). * J -oniht l.M
TJA1LY ' CALL— By Kins'.* Month ...\. : «*»
FTJNTJAY CALL. On* Tear »•»
WEEKLY CALL. On* Tear. ........................-.— 1-00
All paidaanterK nn nnthorlsed to reeet**' -
•nbacrlptlons.
. . Sample copies will be- forwarded when requested.
Uatl mibwrfbem In. erderlne chant* of «3dr»«i ! rticuld- b« .
|-»rtlcular to live both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Incur* a prcnjpt and correct compliance- with lfcelr request.
OiKLAM) OFFICE HIS Broadway
... C- GEOUGU KKUGXRSK.
l ; A/ - ' Xtnign Foreign Afirertisiap. Karjntttt Buildin g, Chletrt.
(Leer Distance Telephone "Central 2«:».">
\u25a0 . NKW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTO5. Herald Square
NEW . TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
.. STEPHEN' It. SMITH.. 3O Tribune IJnlldlnar
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
6berrean Bouse: P. O. Kewt Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Werncst House; Auditorium HcteL '
KEW YORK NEWS STANDS!
Waldcrf-Aetorla , Ectel; A. Brentano. n Union Square;
'.attrray Hill HoteL ,'
M'ASniXCTOJt <D. C> OFFICE.". . .14CM! G St.. X. W.
". BIOItTOX IS. CR.VXE," Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES — L27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until *:S0 o'clock. tOO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 623
VcAIllrter. open ur.tll >:3t> o'clock., tiS Larkln. open until
•:«0 o'clock. Mil Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
ecrr.tr Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 1094 Valencia, open
«ntU • o'clock. IOC Eleventh, open until t o'clock. OTV.
corner Twenty-second And Kentucky, open .until » o'clock.
"CO F£Iimor*. open until 9 p. m. -
•» jt ESSAGES received by wire from New York represent
l\ f\ that General Hubbard yesterday bought all the Hunt
/ V 1 lngton holdings In the Pacific Improvement Company.
•*\u25a0"•»• The sum paid for 12,500 shares-^or , one-fourth . of the
stock of thg corporation—was $2,500,000. or: $200 ; per
share. It Is not known at thls^tlme. whether .-General Hub
bard purchased the stock on his own" account or for others.
- The local impression is that he bought for the Crockers. f: \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'
f There are reports to the effect that Mrs- Stanford's 12,500
chares may soon be acquired by- the same interest that pur
chased the Huntington stock. The capital stock of the company
consists. of 50,000 shares. When the corporation was organized
and the stock issued each of the four railway magnates-
Charles Crocker, Leland Stanford, Mark 'Hopkins' and C. P.
Huntington— took a fourth interest, or 12,500 . shares. Not a
share was sold during the lifetime of the principals, and the
transaction . in New York yesterday was the first sale on the
part of the legatees. Much of the property of the corporation,
consisting of street railways, tracts. of land, coal mines, steam
ships, terminal privileges, bonds, stocks etc, has been sold out
right from time to time during the past two years. Consider-
able money— perhaps $10,000,000— has been derived by the stock
holders of the corporation from the sale of such properties.
The price paid by General Hubbard for the Huntlngton
block of 12,500 shares places the value of the property remaia
lng unsold at $10,000,000.
When Mrs. Stanford sold her Southern Pacific stock at a
large flguro The Call estimated that she would be ; able to
bestow a much larger sum on the university than Governor
Stanford expected to realize from this source. At that time an
approximate estimate was made that the university would b*
further enriched by $5,000,000 from the Stanford holdings In tha
Pacific Improvement Company. The sale yesterday signifies
that the estimate was not far from the true mark.
It Is known that the Southern Pacific 'Company is using,
under lease or other arrangement, many of the facilities owned
by the Pacific Improvement Company. It may transpire that
the new owners of the Southern Pacific were the actual buy
ers in yesterday's transaction, an'd that General Hubbard sim
ply acted as the agent of the Vanllerbllts and Harrlman.
Should the Croekers sell their stock in the P. I. Company the.
impression would be strengthened that the Southern Pacific Is
the actual buyer. ->»i:.'
One-Fourth of Pacific Improvement Company
; Goes for $2,500,000 to the Croekers -
or Southern Pacific.
City government has everything to learn from the administration of private corpo
rations. It can* teach them nothing. It' can learn nothing from the national govern
ment. What would be thought of a candidate for the presidency of the Southern Pacific
Railway or the San Francisco. Savings Union if he should go among the stockholders and.
say, "I seek this place as a representative of the Democratic party."/ He would be hooted
out of the contest. But if he went saying, "I stand here representing no party, person
ality, or sect, but only honest and-profitab,le management of. the business* Tbf these r stock
holders," every one would recognize the propriety of his position. , :
Mr. Tobin presents himself for the headship of this municipal corporation, rep
resenting nothing but its honest management in the interest- of all its stockholders, 'and
with no strings on him pulled by bosses or leaders of any class.
The city has in his election its . first opportunity to put in practice the ideal
municipal policy. ' "' • . •'-.
If experts like Allen Ripley Foote are right, and there is no presumption that they
are wrong, the way to lead municipal government out of the mire is indicated by Mr.
Tobin's declaration.
There must arise in our great cities a new form of partisanship that will draw to
gether in a common purpose members of both national parties^ This partisanship will be
formed on distinctly municipal issues. It will regard all citizens and taxpayers as stock
holders in the municipal corporation! . They pay assessments to that corporation in pro
portion to the stock they hold. Their dividends are in the form of good, clean, decent,
economical government. They pay for and will demand good public schools, adequate
police and fire protection, good sewers, clean streets, sufficient parks well imp'roved. to
serve the health and pleasure of old and young. If they embark upon other municipal
experiments, and try municipal ownership of any public utilities, they will demand such
public accounting as will, inform them of the cost of the experiment. They will not per
mit juggling in the interest of communists or theorists/When these objects are accom
plished what is there left to be done in a city? Nothing. Its administration is a business
matter exclusively. Its administration, should be adequately paid for the time.they give
to its business, as the directors and officers of a private corporation are paid, and they
should be expected to show results just as such officers and employes are.
IN a brief address on Thursday night Mr. Tobin stated the issue of this city cam
paign. He said: "I- stand here representing no party, no personality, no sect. I.
stand for good citizenship and nothing else. '
"Public Policy," edited by the expert writer on municipal government, Allen Rip
ley Foote, says. that municipal policy has no necessary relation to State or national pol
itics. If a Republican city convention declare frankly for the best municipal policy and
honestly nominate men in line with that declaration,- that is municipal Republicanism,
but it has .no, relation at all to the national policies and principles that are called Repub
lican;;;/The, truth; of this is perfectly plain. Whafhas.a Mayor.,of . this city to do with the
national revenue policy, with tariff, monetary standards/ainti-trust. legislation, our foreign
policy, reciprocity, interstate commerce or enforcement of the; Federal laws? Nothing at
all. What have; our United States Senators and Representatives to do with the local
government;; of : San 'Francisco'? Nothing at all except as individuals. Therefore, how
can a candidate'for Mayor; be truly called a representative of a national party when, no
national principle or policy can apply to' anything (lone by the. city government?
Mr. Tobin 'describes: a candidate for a city office : truthfully and' exactly. In
national politics he may -belong to one of the national parties; in the city, government he
can represent. neither, for neither has any principle that applies to municipal affairs.
; The 'sooner this is understood the better will it be for municipal government. The
administration of cities has become the odium of this country. Tammany runs • New
York in the name of Democracy: Quay runs Philadelphia in the name of Republicanism..
Both are badly, wastefully and .wickedly. governed,. arid the national parties whose names
are used in the operation sufferin reputation^ , ; : . ' . ." , ' 'r
The bosses have discovered the indisposition; of .people to mix national and local
politics, and have discovered alsothat this, makes voters snub the polls in city^ elections,
there beingno national principle at stake. , So the bosses, .wiser than the -children ..of
light, set up their tickets, label them Republican or Democratic/ and trust to public indif
ference to win. . w".
, .: It is significant that one candidate sees facts face to face and frankly declares that
he stands for no iparty, personality, sect nor clique, but simply-for common honesty and
upright city government. In making this declaration Mr. Tobin lifts himself ~ abr>ve~ the
sordid considerations which are among the motives of candidates who appeal for local
power on national issues, and stands for just what he is — a candidate'for a municipal office,
whose election can in no wise affect any other issue than loch] government. "
HUNTINGTONS SELL
STOCK TO HUBBARD
THE ISSUE 2&&N-^J&ttPXajb.2<T-.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1901.
6
UNITED STATES BRANCH; ;
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Transatlantic Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day ot December. A. D. 1000, and for th«
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the Provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed ea
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of al! Stocks and --*
' Bonds owned by Company $354,715 00
Cash In Company's Office and - In
Banks 13.773 72
Certificates of Deposit in hands of
Trustees 20.052 J4
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans i - 4.?33-.*x>
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 61,619 25
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 21S 90
Due from other Companies for Re-In-
surance on losses already paid • • 179 93
Total Assets .$655,344 31
•\u25a0Z:-^--~~ ' \u25a0\u25a0"\u25a0"' \u25a0\u25a0•' ,• * -"•: — ;-*-—
LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and "unpaid.. I...' '. $5,537 50
Losses in process of Adjustment or- In
Suspense ...'23,317 23
Losses resisted. Including expenses 19,727 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less. J3C3,295 73; re-In-
surance 50 per cent 1S2 847 87
Gross premiums on Klre Risks running
more than one year, $197,943 72; re- . •\u25a0\u25a0 "* -
Insurance pro rata .....:.....,';.. 10T,«53 3.>
All other Liabilities ij^i ,;
Total Liabilities .....l.....'.'....'.!,.I.$343.273 TZ
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $423,411 21
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from all
..other sources , ...'... 17.427 2S
Received from Home Office... 57,839 93
Total Income 1. $493,673 47
KXPENDITtTRES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $30,308 IS, losses of previous : .
years) $431, 470 9 2
Paid or allowed for Commission or • * UT3
Brokerage 101. 467 Is
Paid for Salaries. Fees and : other . \u25a0- \u25a0 .
charges for officers, clerks, etc 2S.SS3 53
Paid for State. National and Local •.-
taxes 13.331 3D
All other payments and expenditures.. 48.26*33
Total Expenditures $523.418 »>
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $35,987,935 $658,929 88
Net amount of Risks ,. •- . .' -? u
- expired during the
year 73.549,991 W1.I78 «2
Net amount in force
December 31. 13C0... 42.960,411 563.239 45
ADOLPH I.OEB. U. S. Manasrer. •"
• Subscribed and sworn' to before me, this 30th
day of January. 1901.
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
ESTABLISHED IN 1872,
213 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Y. GARUS DRIFFIELD, Manager.
H. DANKER, Assistant Manager.
Grand Opera-house — "The Alan From Mexico."
* Alcazar— "The ( Glrl In the Barracks."
Columbia— "1 H Henrietta."
Orpbeuxn-- Vaudeville.
California— "A Female Drummer." . .
Tivoll — "JCorma." \u25a0 ; . . . - \u25a0 • "
Central— "The Cotton King."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenlrr. -~ \u25a0 '.' '"
Fischer" s-Vaudevllle. »-" "
Recreation Park— Baseball. *
Sherman-Clay Hall— Song Recital this atternoon.
£utro Baths— Open nights. \u25a0
AMUSEMENTS.CHARACTER SKETCHES OF JUDGE ARTHUR H. NOTES MADE BY ARTIST WARREN OF THE CALL DURING
THE TAKING OF TESTIMONY IN THE NOME CONTEMPT CASES. THE EXAMINATION IS BEING HELD IN
THE COURTROOM OF THE CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS BEFORE COMMISSIONER HEACOCK. . "
"I never saw anything that was official or
authentic or a copy of the statutes."
"On September 15 there' is evidence of "a
meeting at the barracks at which you were
present. Tell us about It.'*
"I- went there and found Metson, • Jackson,
Johnson and others arguing on the rights t>f the
military to enforce the writs. The military
had been applied to. I told them I thought
the military had no right to act in this mat
ter."
"Was anything said there about the advice
you had given to McKenzie?" . . • - • \u25a0
"I told Metson I would advise McKenzie In
regard to the disposition of the gold, dust In
the course, of the day. They persisted in ask
ing if I. would advise McKenzie to disobey
the writ, and I told ' them I would not. I
wrote an opinion and dictated it In a letter
to Major Van Arsdale at the barracks. That
evening McKenzie came to the office. I told
him what his rights were and • handed him
the letter."
.""What was the position of the gold dust in
respect to its custody at that time?"
Dr. C. CV.O'Donnell is still in the fight
for Mayor and will certainly, win. Be
suro'to vote for him for Mayor by writing
his name at. the head of the blank col
umn. . \u25a0 " . . \u25a0 •
The "porch :\u25a0 climber" who has 'been
operating in this city during the past few,
weeks entered the residence: of .Walter
Gibson of 2108 Broadway Wednes
day evening while .the family was. at din
ner and stole trinkets valued at over $100.
The burglary has been reported to th<?
police. .' \u25a0"\u25a0'.-, . . -\u25a0
Porch-Climber Still at . Work.
, Andrew Briggs, who was dismissed from
the police force April 21, 1891, petitioned
the Superior Court yesterday for a writ of
mandate' compelling, the. Board of Police
Commissioners to restore him to duty. He
alleges that the commission dismissed him
without authority, right or reason. A
temporary writ made. returnable before
Judge Hebbard November 1; 1901, was is
sued by Judge Dunne., \ .; ,...•;
Anolrew Brigg/J Seeks Restoration.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Oct. 25.— The Duke
and Duchess of Cornwall and York
started for England at daylight to-day on
board the royal yacht Ophir, with the
British cruisers Niobe und Diadem form
ing the escort. The flagship, the first
class cruiser. Crescent, . accompanied the
Ophir outside the port and fired a fare
well salute. . .
The Duchess, who has recovered, from
yesterday's faintness, attended the state
dinner last night. .Prior to the dinner the
Duke made Robert Bond, the Premier of
Newfoundland, a knight commander, of
the Order of St. Michael and St. George.
Sir 'Robert Bond is the only, colonial Pre-'
mier who has Ooen so honored during the
royal tof-
Royal Couple Start for Home.
VISALIA, Oct. 25.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany, will .to-morrow ship from Porter
ville to-New York the first caricad of
this season's oranges to leave -this "State!
The car will bear streamers announcing
that 'it-.has.Tisht of way as a record
breaker for. CAjforriia.. s
First Shipment of Oranges.
Second round— Silver Sioux beat Lady
Hugo; Rural Artist beat Modest Lad;
"Real Article beat Twin City Girl; -Rocket
ran a bye; Beatrice beat Confidence;
Iowa Maid beat Charity; Imp. Warbur
ton .beat. Pasha Lad; .General Cronje beat
Cataract; Grace Greenwood beat Master
Carl; Chamberlain beat Prince Never Set
tle, Bogus Brand ran a bye. . ;.: • ":-\ .
FRIEND, Neb., Oct. 25.— The all-aged
stake at. the coursing park to-day at
tracted sixty-four entries, of which forty
two went to the slips. In the first round
the winners were: Silver Sioux, Modest
Lad. Rural Artist, Twin City Girl. Real
Article, Rocker, Bogus Brummel, Baron
ess Beatrice, Confidence, Charity, Iowa
Maid, Pasha Lad, Imp. Warburton Cata
ract, '• General Cronje, Master Carl, Grace
Greenwood, Chamberlain, Prince Never
Settle.' Bogus Brand. ' -
California Hounds Bun Well.
Horn and Ferguson were attacked by a
gang of strikers on the morning of July
30, and to defend ; themselves they: fired
into the crowd," a bullet striking Lynch on
the leg. Lynch died on October 20, and
Horn and Ferguson,' who had been ar
rested for assault to murder and released
on bonds, were again arrested on the day
of Lynch's death and booked on a charge
of murder.
. At the inquest last Wednesday the jury
brought in a verdict of accidental-death.
The police got Mrs: » Kate . Lynch, widow
of the deceased, to swear to a cornplaint
before Judge Cabaniss yesterday morning
on "information and belief." .'• . •:-; '-\u25a0 .
At the hearing on the writ before Judge
Cook in the afternoon 'she declared she
knew nothing of the facts in the case, and
Detective Dinan testified that -when he
took Horn and Ferguson" before Lynch
after the shooting Lynch could'not identi
fy them. There was no other evidence of-
Roscoe Horn and William Ferguson, the
colored non-union teamsters charged with
the murder . of Peter Lynch, a striking
teamster, were discharged from, custody
by Judge Cook yesterday afternoon on a
writ of habeas corpus, which was applied
for by their attorney, Joseph T. Coffey,
Thursday.
They "Were Accused of Murder for
: Shooting Peter Lynch, a Strik
ing Teamster.
The party, given by the Native Daugh
ters' general committee., in Native Sons'
Hall last evening was well attended.
There was considerable amusement at the
door when those who sought admission
deposited a sum of pennies equal to v the
number of years the parties owned up to.
Some gave'the exact amount, while others
put in enough pennies to entitle them to
present the claim of being the oldest citi
zens of the State. One contribution rep
resented two hundred years., 1 The com
mittee that had charge of the affair had
a well arranged programme of dances
with -the following 'numbers interspersed:
Fancy dance, \ Master Montague Barton;
comic j selections, Tom Mahoney; | song,
composed by Mrs. Waldo Rucker. sung by
Mrs. ' Eugenie Tully ; recitation,.. Miss Mae
O'Connor; solo, "Miss Theresa Cassinelli.
Dancing was kept up until midnight.
A Pleasing Entertainment and Social
Dance Is Enjoyed by Their
\u25a0 Many Friends.
This week's News Letter has- added a
new department in the "Merry Go Round"
written by Arlentine Fennel. This column
will describe how Western people amuse
themselves, this week's article being on
"How Western Entertainers Might Copy
the East." A critical article of more than
common cleverness is entitled "Grau's
Singing Stars" and • is written by A. V.
Chartres, a well-known writer from the
East.. Current events are pretty 'well cov
ered by- the trenchant editorials in ; the
regular department and by the satirical
rag-time of the "Town Crier." The Look
er On offers an Interesting variety of good
stories.' V'..: '':'» *
To-Day's News Letfer.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 25.-The an
nual convention and show of the Ameri
can Angora Goat Breeders' Association is
In progress at the stockyards in this city,
with breeders in attendance from most
of the States in the Union. Two thou
sand five hundred animals are on exhibi
tion, the Pacific Coast, Texas, Nebraska,
Oklahoma, Missouri, Ohio, Iowa and Illi
nois being strongly represented. A feat
ure of the day was the sale of a three
year-old buck, owned by C. P. Bailey
& Sons of San Jose. Cal., to Mrs.' A. M.
Armour of Kingston, N. M., for $1050.
This is the highest price ever paid for a
goat.
A yearling buck, owned by N. A. Given,
Lawrence. Kans:, went to A. C. Aspen
wood, Pompton Lake, N. J., for $510.
The average price of bucks for the day
was J314. .-••::, ..'.'
High. Price for a Goat.
The Hickoxs came here from Living
ston, Mont., where he was postmaster ami
banker. For a while he was manager of
the People's Telephone" Company, and he
is interested in many, enterprises. . . .:
SAN JOSE, Oct. 25.— Mrs. Etta Hickox.
who recently obtained a divorce from H.
O. Hickox, the , capitalist, was married la
Reno, Ney., on October 17 to D. K. Slavan,
the proprietor' of the Alameda Palace
Hotel In- this city. In her action for di
vorce Mrs. Hickox charged her husband
with extreme cruelty. Hickox fled to
Mexico. to avoid summons, but later re
turned and compromised by. giving his
wife a share of the property and allowing
her a divorce. :; , \u25a0\u25a0:,-.
Mrs. Etta Hickox and D. K. Slavan
of San Jose Are Married in'
Nevada. ,
RENO WEDDING QUICKLY
FOLLOWS DIVORCE SUIT
fered, and the. judge sustained the writ
and discharged the prisoners. -.
It was exactly 10:20 o'clock this morning
when Howard F. Street, , a young man
employed by Hunt, Wilkinson & Co.. ob
served flames shooting up the . elevator
shaft from the basement. He was on the
There were eleven employes and a num
ber of outside workmen on the eighth
floor. A ladder reached from this floor
to the roof, which would have enabled
those on that floor to reach the roof of
an adjoining eight-story building, but in
the excitement this means of escape was
forgotten. Several made the terrible leap
to the sidewalk and were crushed, while
the" others ran the gauntlet of smoke and
flre down the rear flre escapes. . - •
Among those on the eighth floor who
jumped and were killed were H. A. Spar
row, an expert electrical contractor, and
Charles E. Sparrow, his nephew and
assistant.' A colored scrub" woman also
jumped, from this floor and was crushed
in the street.
On the seventh floor there were twenty
upholsterers at work, and, thanks to the
great presence of mind of the foreman
of the floor, all escaped.
had their offices on the third floor, \u25a0 and
their familiarity with the exits Is all tnat
saved them 'from suffocation. Most of
those killed were at work on the sixth
floor, where women were engaged in sew
ing. They were at work in the rear of
the building, close to the flre. escapes, but
became confused by the great quintity
of smoke that rushed up the stairway
and elevator shaft.
Jump From the Eighth Floor.
ored). . !•
MRS. 3IARY ailTCHELIi fcol
ored).
MARGARET GRADY.
Two unknown white women.
Tliree unknown white men.
DOROTHY KRAMER.
MARTHA BAKER.
MARGARET HEBDEX.
SUSAN GORMLEY.
HARRY HOUSIS.
H. A. SPARROW.
CHARLES E. SPARROW.
FRED WITTIXGTQN.
CHARLES I,A!VDIS.
J. E. ARMSTRONG.
WALTER STEARLY.
MRS. MARTHA BANKS (col-
THE DEAD.
Captain Thomas was a member of th?
Seamen's Union in San Francisco. His
relatives reside in Ohio. '
PORT TOWNSEND, Oct. 25.— With tho
arrival of the United States revenue cut
ter Bear from ihe north comes news of
another tragedy in the Arctic seas whicn
solves the mystery of the disappearance
of the schooner ±ialcoyn and tne death
of Captain Charles Thomas.
The schooner Halcyon sailed from
Seattle early in 190u on a trading ani
prospecting cruise in the north, naving
on board six persons — Captain Charles
Thomas and Louis Picotte, tne owners of
the schooner; William. A. Egan, two
brothers named Ballard and a prospector
named Young.. After trading and pros
pecting along the Alaska coast, Nonu
was reached on November 5, a supply of
goods and provisions purchased and th.2
schooner started northward for Teller
City. When off Sledge Island the schooi.er
was becalmed, and, cold weather setting
in, she found hsrseif surrounded by slus.n
ice. Before she could get free the ice
became solid and the craft was carried
into "the main pack and with it driftel
southeast until a point many miles off
Norton Sound was •• reached. Then the
current carried the ice pack and schooner
westward until near St. Lawrence Island,
which point was reached on January S.
While the schooner was drifting.
Picotte, the Ballard brothers and Young
left the schooner in a small boat, whlcli
they dragged some distance over the* ice.
A narrow channel was found and they
succeeded in reaching shore near Topkuk.
The other two. preferring to take chanceT
where they had provisions, remained with
the schooner. Later her condition seemed
more serious and Captain Thomas 'and
Egan abandoned her and succeeded lit
reaching . an island, bringing with them
what provisions they could carry. Cap
tain Thomas found the island unin
habited, and, against the protests o£
Egan, returned to the vessel. Since that
time nothing has been heard *of th*
schooner or Captain Thomas.
Egan, after being left alone on the
island, wandered up along the northern
shore. With supplies exhausted and he
in an almost perishing condition, with his
feet frozen, he was rescued when within
forty miles of Gamble Mission by i* a
native and taken to the mission, arriving
there sixteen days after he had left the
schooner. The mission doctor amputated
Egan's toes, and when he recovered h?
entered the employ of the Government aa
reindeer herder at St. Lawrence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Don't scream, little girl; don't scream
like that," he said, and then ran rapidly
down the stairs. i •
As the light was burning in the' hall
way the servant got a good look at the
burglar, and she gave tue description of
the man- to the authorities, who hope to
soon have the well dressed stranger safe
behind prison bars.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 25.— A ; burglar
with the dress, carriage and manner of a
gentleman is operating in this city. Last
night he entered three residences and, al
though, he had splendid opportunities to
carry away with him much valuable sil
verware and jewelry, he took nothing but
money and succeeded in obtaining but $4
in small change. fc _
The prowler, who is referred to as the
"gentleman burglar" by the "authorities
who are searching for him, was last night
dressed in a neat black suit, a derby hat,
white shirt, high collar and a natty tie.
He had removed his shoes. and; to prevent
surprises, locked the male sleepers in
their rooms.
The first house 'entered was that of I.
N. Levy. There. he found *2 in a purse.
Next he went to the home of H. L. Blod
get and cut a screen from a window, but
was frightened away. He visited Max
Kahn's house. Finding no money in the
bureau, drawers, which he ransacked, he
departed for the dwelling of A: Alexan
der. Quietly stepping into Alexander's
room, he took the inmate's trousers and
carried them Into the hallway, locking
the door on the outside, took $2 in
small change, but. overlooked $15 »n gold
that was in the watch pocket. He then
went to the chambermaid's room and was
about ; to take a purse from the top of the
folding bed! when the girl awoke and
screamed for help. ..
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HORN AND FERGUSON ARE
DISCHARGED FROM CUSTODY
Seventy-nine of the hundred persons in
Hunt. Wilkinson & Co.'s building waen
the flre started were employes and "the
remainder \u25a0were customers, and <outside
were the workmen who were engaged in
putting the finishing touches on the new
eighth floor. . More than half of | the
firm's employes were on the 'upper five
floors, and it was among these that the
greatest number were killed and injured.
With the possible exception of the en
gineer, who is missing, all the persons
on the first three floors got out of the
building safely. The members of the firm
,At 10:20 o'clock this morning the blaze
broke forth in the building occupied by
Hunt, Wilkinson & Co. It is said that an
explosion of naphtha or gasoline In the
basement was the cause, but this is denied
by Wilkinson, who says there never was
a sufficient quantity of either explosive
about the building to be responsible for
to-day's disaster. Rumor has it also that
an elevator constructor at work in the
basement permitted the flame of his Ian-'
tern to communicate with some of the
gaseous liquors stored in the basement
and that this was the cause of the, con
flagration.
The rear of Hunt, Wilkinson & Co.'s
building faces on . Commerce street, a
small thoroughfare. On the fire escapes
at this end of the building two men and
one woman were slowly roasted to death,
while the horror-stricken throng on the
street below turned sick at the sight.
In the front on Market street a woman,
driven to desperation, leaped from - a
window on the top floor and was dashed
to death on the pavement.
Starts "With an Explosion.
curred to-day in the business sec
tion of the city. The number. of injured
is not known definitely, but fully a score
of victims were located at "various hos
pitals. Policemen and firemen are to
night delving in the ruins in search of
bodies supposed' to have been buried be
neath the debris, as it is feared that oth
ers besides the known dead may have lost
their lives in the flames. The buildings
destroyed were the eight-story structure
at 1219 and 1221 Market street, occupied
by Hunt, -Wilkinson & Co., upholsterers
and furniture dealers, and three-story
buildings occupied by small merchant
men. The big furniture building extended
back half a block to Commerce street,
and was owned by Henry Clea.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 25.-Eight
een persons were killed and prop>
erty valued at $500,000 destroyed
as the result of a flre which oc-
NATIVE DAUGHTERS
GIVE BIRTHDAY^ PARTY
The loss to-night is estimated at half a
million dollars, "most of which will fall
on Hunt, Wilkinson & Co., whose loss is
estimated at $250,000. Henry Clea's loss
on the building is. about $150,000. William
F. Potts & Sons buffered a loss of $60,000,
while other occupants of the. Potts build-
Ing and surrounding: property owners
suffered losses aggregating- $25,000. .
Small buildings in the rear of the fur
niture building and also to the west of
the burned area were crushed by falling
walls. The fronts of the stores on the
south side of Market street opposite the
lire were all more or less damaged by -the
heat. Great tongues of flames, swept
along by the northwest wind, shot across
the broad thoroughfare and for a time
it looked as if the flre would spread to
those buildings.
Ignoring the flames for the time being,
the fire fighters devoted their whole at
tention to the work of rescue. As some
of them stood within the scorching heat
of the lire with nets outspread to receive
those who leaped from the burning build
ing their, comrades played lines of hose
upon them. - J
Most of the fatalities occurred In the
rear of the building. As if by common
impulse the majority of the employes at
tempted to reach places of safety by
means ' of the flre escapes on the Com
merce street end of the structure. Many
of them, rendered practically insane by
fright, leaped to the ground. Others, be
coming unconscious from the smoke and
intense heat, fell to the pavement. When
the firemen arrived Commerce street was
filled with these unfortunate victims. It
looked for a time as if the entire block
would become a prey to the flames, but
the falling of the walls of the burning
building prevented the spread of the flre.
. By noon the flre was under control and
at 2 o'clock this afternoon a force of men
ordered by the Department of Public
Safety began the work of clearing away
.the debris for the purpose of recovering
the bodies of the victims buried in the
ruins." ' '--. ' ' • ..
Heroic Work of Rescue.
second floor and immediately gave the
alarm, to the other employes. He then
hastened to the street to notify a police
man. In the meantime the employes of
the electrical bureau at the City Hall,
two blocks away, saw smoke issuing
from the building: and transmitted an
alarm td the Fire Department. When the
engines arrived the flames had enveloped
the building from top to bottom and the
intense heat from this mass of flames
made it almost impossible for the fire
men to get within close range of the
seething furnace.
Fate of the Halcyon
and Captain Charles
Thomas.
"Gentleman" Prowler at
Work in Bakersfield
Residences.
Fire in a Philadelphia Furniture Establishment Followed by a Panic
Among People in the' Building, and Some of the Unfortunates
Jump From the Eighth-Story Windows— Damage, • $^00,000
DUDISH BURGLAR
ROBBING ROOMS
! "A military guard was established at the
vault in which -.the gold dust was deposited
and Major Van Arsdale said his men were
acting as a posse to assist the United Stated
Marshal. When McKenzie was arrested I dic
tated a petition for the Issuance of a writ of
habeas corpus. I handed this to Judge. Noyes,
but lie didn't seem anxious to read it. He
said he aid not think he had authority to
.•grant a writ of habeas corpus, and I con
curred with him."
The direct examination proceeded along
SCHOONER DRIFTS
WITH ICE PACK
he had other Interests than that of "receiver
In these cases T*
"He said he did not."
"Did you have any other occasion to ap
pear for him between September 20 and October
20, 1900?" . .
"Yes; for certain obstructions to claims
which he was receiver of."
"Will you state what was your first knowl
edge of the papers and writs that arrived on
September 14?"
"I went to Hubbard. Beeman & Hume's of
fice about 1 o'clock that day." '
"Was anything said about the return of the
gold dust?"
"Metson made the demand, but I told Mc-
Kenzie .1 would not be ready to advise him
until the next day."
"You told him while you were of the opinion
that appeals did not He you might be mis
taken and that he had better cease operation
of the mines, did you not?"
"I did."
"When did j'ou return to San Francisco arid
learn of the proceedings here?"
. "Xot before November 5.
Not Aware of the -Appeal Act.
""Were you aw&re at that time that' an act
had been passed by Congress allowing appeals
from such orders?"
"No, sir."
"Had you any means of acquiring such
knowledge at that time?"
"No, sir. I think some time in October
Metson received knowledge of the act."
"Did you have that information prior to
October 15?"
FLAMES CAUSE LOSS OF SCORE
OF LIVES AND MUCH PROPERTY
- "Were you present when these orders were
served on McKenzie?"
"I was not At the 3 o'clock meeting they
were spoken of."
"At the meeting did you say anything about
compliance with the writ?"
"As Hume was passing out of the room I
simply asked him if he had read the papers.
I went down to McKenzie's office at 3 o'clock
and was there a few minutes when " Metson,
Dickey and Johnson arrived. Metson then
demanded obedience of the writs."
"Did you give any direction or opinion that
the writs should not be complied wjth at that
time?" . .
"I did not. I saw McKenzie later on. I told
him I was satisfied that the writs were not
valid. My opinion was predicated on my view
of the law. I told McKenzie after dinner,
September 14, that Judge Morrow hatPallowed
an appeal and though he might be mistaken
he should comply with the writs and stop
/work on the mine."
"What did McKenzte do after that?"
"As far as I know he closed the mfnes."
year-old Spanish girl, has been charged
with grand larceny. In me stealing of a
bicycle. A few days ago the girl asked
Jim Lee, a Chinese, to lend her his bi
cycle. When he refused she mounted the
wheel and rode oft. Later she gave tlie
bicycle to a young man, who cannot be
found. The girl to-day confessed to Cap
tain of Police Newberry that she had
stolen two other wheels, and the police
believe she is responsible for the thefts of
many bicycles. She was arraigned before
Jusaice Cobb to-day and her preliminary
examination is set for' November 2. In
the meantime she is in jail in default of
$1000 bonds.
Kuby Felis has been In trouble before,
ani she probably will be sent to the
Wliitticr Reform School. Some time aso
two other girls were arrested for stealing
bicycles, but the charges were subse
quently dismissed.
GIRL BICYCLE THIEF
IN SAN JOSE JAIL
Sisteen-Year-Old Kuby Felis May Be
Sent to the Whittier Reform
School.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 25.— Ruby Fells, a 16-
COMMISSIONER' HEACOCK. lis
tened to a. potpourri of testimony
yesterday in the Nome contempt
cases. The ragged edges of the
case of the amicus curiae were
sandpapered and ex-Congressman Thomas
J. Geary went upon the stand to offer his
defense, E. S. Pillsbury, who has been
playing the part of the friend of the court
•with a devotion and Interest that seems
untiring, has now shot his bolt. The rest
of the proceedings will. In the main, re
late to the defense of the respondents.
The cross-examination of Geary is not
comple*ed and when the examination is
renewe this morning that work will be
undert; 3sen. A continuation will then be
allowe by Commissioner Heacock until
Monc t at 2 o'clock in order to give the
atton jb of the respondent, Arthur H.
Jsoyes-. c.n opportunity to ask of the Cir
cuit (. urt of Appeals that they should
be req red only to meet that part of the
testimJ».y which bears directly upon the
respondent in respect to the contempt
charges. \
At the beginning bf the morning session
Judge McLaughlin made a lengthy state
ment with this intended request as the
burden. He said that so much of the
testimony In the record shows itself to
be prima facie opinion and hearsay that
he would ask of the court to designate
.iust which portions of it he should meet.
So there will be an argumentative con
flict Monday morning at 11 o'clock before
Judges Ross. Gilbert and Morrow, Amicus
Curiae Pillsbury and Judge McLaughlin
being the drivers of the ammunition wag
on. The respondents are anxious to have
the taking: of testimony go over to some
fu~ure day. The amicus curiae is more
than anxious to have it continue until
completed.
Witnesses Flit in and Out.
While waiting: for Attorneys Knight and
Metson. Thomas J. Geary thought it
would be a .good plan for his testimony
to be taken, so he sent for his lawyer, «-
Julge Maguire. Then the pair of ex-Con
pressmen became the court spectacle for
the rest of the day, except for the brief
interruption that occurred when Metson
ani Knl it returned to the stand to tes
tify to acts concerning the papers of
other su»Je.
Geary tcld his story in a positive man
ner, did i pt Quarrel at any time with the
air;icus curiae and appeared comfortable
and easy He relied on his belief of what
the law was, denied in some instances
words attributed to him by W. T. Hume
and showed his legal knowledge by skirt
ing: along the inner edge of the law's pale.
Hi « statement was given without any pro
lixity or adornment.
Geary's Defense Put In.
G^earj- testified that he first became an
attorney of the Circuit Court of Appeals
November 7, 1900. He -was attorney for
McKenzie as a receiver in the case of
Chips ve. Llnderberg and ether Anvil
Creek claims. The date of his employ
ment was October 20, and his first work
was in regard to the' bonds which the de
fer.dants saked to have increased against
McKenzie.
"Were yq- ever . employed by plaintiff or
any of the- parties in these cases?" asked
Judge MagTjtre.'
••No; I did not know them."
"After being employed by McKenzie did you
attempt to act for either of the parties litl
frar.t?"
"I did not. McKenzie asked me if I had and
when I said no he asked me to be attorney
for the receiver, which was himself."
•"\u25a0Were you ever informed by McKenzie that
Refutes Certain Statements
Which Others Assert Were
Made by Him at Nome City
Claims That He Gave Honest
Advice to His Client, and
Sought to Prevent Trouble
HE DENIES
ACTING IN
BAD FAITH
ATTORNEY GEARY TESTIFIES THAT HE ADVISED
McKENZIE TO TURN OVER ALL THE GOLD DUST
PILLS BURY
TOUCH ES UP
TESTIMONY
Rough : Edges of Evidence
Smoothed Over in Closing
\ Case Against Respondents
Counsel Will Argue Before
\ Circuit Court of Appeals
~- at Monday Morning Session
these lines ' until a further meeting with
McKenzie was cited. In regard to this the
witness said: . - . ' •• \u25a0\u25a0
"McKenzie was very much excited and dis
agreeable about this time, and talked of . re
sistance to the marshals. I told him that such
a course would- be ridiculous."- • *
"State what occurred between yourself and
McKenzie -until the gold dost was taken from
the vaults." . -• ; • • j ,"-.'•
"I told McKenzie that if the Circuit Court of
Appeals should determine that the writs were
void - no . damage would j result it he turned
over the dust to the Marshal." \ '\u25a0:\u25a0•\u25a0 ; . -. •\u25a0•
"I did not."
"Did you. on that day tell McKenzie to dis
obey those orders?" ' •-»
Heading from the records In the .Mc-
Kenzie trial before the Circuit'. .Court
Judge Maguire questioned the witness on
evidence presented at that time. ; V
"As far as your conversations or meetings
with" Archie Wheeler. ' Stevens. Judge Noyea
or others, did you ever say that Alexander
McKenzie should disobey the writs and that
you would lend him . your . support- in such ac
tions?" \u25a0:\u25a0
"I • never had 'a conversation with any of
these men on those subjects. I don't recollect
any such thing."
This ended the morning proceedings.
I Geary Cross-Examined. " ' '
The afternoon session saw the end of
the case as far as the eduction of evi
dence on . the part of the amicus curiae
is concerned.
George Borchsenius. Samuel Knight and
William H. Metson were called in rapid
succession and testified to facts brought
out in the court proceedings and the filing
of papers In the claim cases at- Nome. C.
W. Willard was then called to the' stand.
He testified that during the proceedings in
the McKenzie \u25a0 case An the • Court of- Ap
peals he was present and heard Geary
say:
"McKenzie's acts were notin lawful dis
obedience of the court and I so advised
him and would so advise, him again."
Judge McLaughlin didn't think enough of
the -testimony to cross-examine the wit
ness. - .. .....' ."
Ex-Congressman Geary then returned to
the witness chair for the finishing of the
direct examination by Matrnire and the
cross-examination by Plllsbury.- - .
Maguire. on. the trend of exculpation for
an honest opinion honestly • delivered, . inv
quired:
"Was your fee In any way dependent upon
the retention of the gold dust?"
.„ "It. was not." . , . ._• •_• .. . v \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
"Were you paid for your services with Mc-
Kenzie?" - .- ...... • :
'"There has' not been a complete settlement.
He was to pay me personally." "
. Geary when questioned about his optn
loh on the second -writs admitted that it
was freely given and that he believed it
to be invalid. He denied that he gave.it
with any view other than as honest ad
vice to his client.
: Plllsbury couldn't keep away from the
gold dust and the vaults and the marshals
and the warlike temper of determined
\u25a0William Metson, so Geary had to tell the
story as far as. he .figured in it. Contin
uing his testimony Geary said: ; it:
"I told Metson that I feared there would
be trouble at the bank. Then I went to Mc-
Kenzie and he said - he might be satisfied to
allow the gold dust to go to San Francisco.
He was very angry, very excited and wanted
his. own. way. I thought that If McKenzie's
army met Metson's army some one would set
killed."
After this picture of civilians, at war
over gold dust the proceedings took on a
colorless look and as Plllsbury and Ma
guire had 4 o'clock engagements the com
missioner adjourned the case. . -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 2G, 1901.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cere&i
Represents the highest
standard, of excellence
in cereal coffee products
54% California figs and prunes,
scientifically blended with 46%
well ripened grain, makes a table
beverage of rare quality.
In FlCPRUNE. there is com-
bined, with the delicious fruit
flavor, all the nutritious and
health-giving qualities of fruit and
grain.
Boil from 5 to 10 minutes only.
ALL GROCERS SELL
- figprune: cereal
T Aaors, Wens and Skin Eruptions per-
manently cured for less money than any
doctors on earth. Our method never fails.
We substantiate every claim we make.
Cure guaranteed or money refunded.
DBS. J. L. BOHANNON AND ADDIE
ZPFS. office and sanitarium 12 Turk
street, San Francisco, CaL '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ml* ... *>»
I What Did It j
w \u25a0 ' \u25a0 The perfection of quality to
ifc I '\u25a0"•'#\u2666
|:' Hunter f
t:Whiskeyf
% Is what struck the taste, ap- S'
$ preciation and approbation . £
!of the American people. ; •
. It Is now everywhere the first • •
sought and the first bought. \ \
CHRISTY A WISE COMMISSION CO., Ina. ' «
223^SCa:iforniaSt..Pimi'rancisco,C»:. «
Telephone H&lu 873. \u25a0&
DIRECTORY
- OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Mailed
. . on Application. ;i
BILLIARDS, POOL AND PAR FIXTURES.:
St. Germain • Billiard Co:.- late Jacob 3 trahl »
tCo. (est'd. 1SS2). 17 and 19 Fremont at.: upoo
installment or \u25a0 rented : - also . beer, apparatus. - -
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON. . ;.
J ; T WIT QIW-* T(l MO Battery Strew;
• W- niLjUn S Wll-. Telephone Mala 1MH
F,RBSH AND SALT MEATS. /
I AC KflYPS£fft Shipping Bulchers/ IM
JAS' JPUlCjg LU- Clay. TeL Main 129*..
OILS. / ; \u25a0.:\u25a0\u25a0
LUBRICATING OILJ3. LEONARD & KLL.IS.
- 41S Front ' at. S. - F. Phone Main 1719. •
PRINTINa.
Eic HUGHES/ •;'-m ; gggg * r:].
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS , - n ; i
tht:. hicxs-judd co.. ; \u25a0 - ; f - - :
a.FiratJ«trt«t. S*tt FrtncUcel' J.;.D. JOHNSON INDICTED— The United
States Grand Jury brought in an indictment
yesterday against- J. <D. Johnson for 'stealing
brass from the navy yard at Mare Island.
I James Denman, whose petition • for a
writ of mandate to compel Superintendent
of Schools Webster to approve his claim
for $500 for services as special counsel for
the Board of Education, was denied by
Judge Seawell on the ground that the
board had no right \u25a0 to employ special
counsel, is still fighting for his fee. He
filed an amended petition yesterday,' in
which he claims that he was secured be
cause City Attorney Lane refused to act.
Dcnman Files Amended Petition.
Mrs. Annie Marie Gardner died at the
Waldeck Sanitarium yesterday morning
from scalds which she received Septem
ber 29 at Oray Bros.' Brick Works. The
deceased was frightfully scalded by the
bursting of a steam box near which she
and her. husband- were seated.. The hus
band succumbed to his Injuries a few
days subsequent to the accident.
Gardner was an engineer employed in
Gray Bros.' brickyard' on Seventeenth
street, and It was the custom of his wife
to bring him his dinner. On the day of
the accident the unfortunate couple were
seated near the furnace when the steam
box exploded, and they were ' enveloped
in the scalding vapor. From the. first it
was decided that Gardner's injuries would
prove fatal, but it was expected that Mra,
Gardner would ultimately recover. After
the death of her husband she became
despondent and grew -steadily worse.- '.
Wife Dies From Injuries Received in
Accident Which Resulted in
Husband's Death.
EXPLOSION" OF S^EAMBOX
KILLS HUSBAND AND WIFE
Counterfeiter Abrams Identified.
George Abrams, who was arrested last
Thursday on a Federal indictment charg
ing him with uttering worthless notes of
the State Bank of New Brunswick, N. J.,
was brought before United States District
Judge de Haven yesterday and legally
Identified by United Stattes Secret Service
Operatives Harry Moffltt and Thomas B.
Foster as the person named in the indict
ment. Judge de Haven fixed the bail
bond in the sum of $1500. .
Site for Pesthouse.
Mrs. Anna D. Joost submitted an offer
to the Board of Supervisors to sell for
$500 a lot 200xG0 feet adjoining the Bay
View farm in South San Francisco as -a
site for a pesthouse. The owners of the
Bay View farm have agreed to sell It for
$12,000 for the same purpose.
Meeting of Principals.
The principals of the grammar schools
held a meeting yesterday In the as
sembly-room of the Board of Education.
Directors Kincald and Mark were present
and the principals were addressed by
Deputy Superintendent of Schools Jor
dan on the study of penmanship, with a
view to inaugurating a uniform, system.
Captain Batson, who won fame as com
mander of the Batallion of - Macabebe
Scouts during the arduous campaign of
1899-1900, is preparing. a report of the work
of the Filipinos who served the United
States as soldiers.
The natives were armed and clothed
like the American soldiers and received
half the regulation pay for enlisted men.
Admirably led by Captain Batson, they
scoured Luzon from Manila to Aparri and
did very efficient service.
The board of officers that has been ap
pointed to make recommendations for the
further defense of the harbor entrance is
progressing rapidly with its work and an
official report will be forwarded to the
War Department at an early date. It is
expected that, thirty-one new and power
ful guns will be added to the present arm
ament. >
General Ludlngton, who Is at the head
of the quartermaster department of the
army, visited General Young at the lat
ter's headquarters in the Phelan building
yesterday. The visit was unofficial, al
.though matters connected with the sub
ject of transportation from this port were
seriously discussed.
Famous Captain Batson Preparing
Report of the Work of Filipino
Soldiers.
QUARTERMASTER GENERAL
VISITS GENERAL YOUNG
Trial Jurors Receive Fees.
Five hundred trial jurors who hav?
served in Superior Court cases were mad'*
happy yesterday by receiving demands at
the rate of $2 per day from Auditor Wells
The total amount aggregated $3900, ani
jurors will now be paid in accordance
with a legislative act.
Recently the police have received com
plaints of windows being broken in the
vicinity of the restaurant, and it is
thought that the malicious work was
committed by the same person. The
smasher is described as nearly six feet
in height and of dark complexion. He
wears a long black beard.
Officer John Herlihey heard the noise
and rushed up Montgomery to Sacra
mento street. When the window smasher
saw the policeman he started to run, and
made his escape. Nearly all the windows
in the restaurant were demolished.
Thursday nia:ht pedestrians were at
tracted by the sound of breaking glass at
the corner of Leidesdorff and Sacramento
streets, and they saw a'' man' -hurling
cobble stones-through- store windows. The
lights in many of the buildings in that
neighborhood are protected. by Iron shut
ters, and when the miscreant tired of
casting stones against these he turned his
attention to a restaurant owned by Mar
tin Tovaraz.
A window smasher, who is believed to
be insane, is at work in the commercial
section of the city. His latest piece of
destruction was committed Thursday
night at 520 -Sacramento street. Ths
police have been unable to secure a clew
to his identity or a motive for his ma
liciousness. \u25a0 ' • ' ~ -
Fred Belasco, one of the proprietors of
the Alcazar and Central theaters, and his
charming wife, who is known to theatri
cal goers as Juliet Crosby, returned from
the East yesterday. Mr. Belasco was-'
tired after his long journey and was
greatly distressed over the death of hU
most intimate friend, Mark Thall.
During his stay in the East he engaged
five sterling people for the two theaters.
Mifls Marion Convere, a sister of Lll.i
Convere, the Alcazar favorite, who mar
ried Francis Bruguiere, was engaged to
play leads at the Alcazar, and Miss Mar
garet Wycherly, another well known
actress, will be in the cast. He' also
secured a number of plays that have
scored heavily in the East and Europe.
In 1891 Mr. Thall joined Brady and
looked after the interests of Jim Corbett,
who had risen to fame by knocking out
John L. Sullivan. At the present time Mr.
Thall is managing "Yon Yonson" and "A
Stranger in a Strange Land." Although
he has been away from this city for many
years he has always maintained his resi
dence here.
Sam Thall enjoys the same popularity
in theatrical circles as did .his "late
brother. He has been in the business for
more than twenty-five years. He started
out with Robert McWade of "Rip Van
Winkle" fame, and had the unalloyed
pleasure of walking home from Ogden.
This was in 1S78. He next joined Josepii
Grismer and remained with that well
known actor for eight years. At that
time William A. Brady was property man
of the same show.
Sam Thall, the well known theatrical
manager and brother of the late Mark
Thall. will occupy the same position that
the latter held prior to his death. Ar
rangements were perfected last evening
and Mr. Thall' will immediately take up
the work of managing the Alcazar and
Central theaters. Mr. Thall came to this
city at the urgent request of Frederick
Belasco, one of the proprietors of the
two theaters, who wired Thall to meet
him in this city. The meeting was held
last evening at Belasco's residence. There
were present Mr. Belasco, M. E. Mayer,
H. H. Davis, the attorney for the theater
and the estate of Mark Thall, and Sam
Thall. The necessary papers were drawn
up and signed by all parties interested.
It was decided not to make any changes
in the personnel of the theaters. The In
terests of Mark Thall's children, Ella and
Charles, will Le looked after by their
uncle. He says he will take their lather's
place and see that their every want id
satisfied.
Sam Thall Selected to
Succeed His Late
Brother. .
Carries on Work of De
struction in Business
• District. -
Mrs. Maxwell claims that the expulsion
and revocation of her license have injured
her good name and caused her to suffer
great pecuniary damage.
She alleges that December 19, 1899, she
was duly ordained and appointed a min
ister of the society and as such minister
derived great honor as well as remunera
tion by performing the marriage services
according to the by-laws of the society
She also alleges that October 6, 1901, the
board or directors of the society willfully
and without cause expelled her from mem
bership and revoked her authority to act
as minister. •
Mrs. Maxwell alleges that the society
is incorporated for the purpose of teach
ing and advocating certain religious be
liefs and appointing ministers to teach
such beliefs and perform marriage and
burial services.
Mrs.M. M. Maxwell petitioned the Su
perior, Court yesterday for a writ of
mandate directing the Independent Free
thought Spiritualistic Society to restore
her to membership. She alleges in the
complaint that she was expelled without
cause or without being given an oppor
tunity to answer any charges that may
have been preferred against' hef.; An al
ternative writ, returnable \u25a0 before Judge
Seawell November 8, was issued by Judge
Dunne, commanding the members of the
society to appear and show cause why
Mrs. Maxwell should not be restored to
membership. \u25a0 • , • , . '
Mrs. M^. M. Maxwell- Sues the Inde
dependent Freethought Bible
Spiritualistic Society.
WOMAN MINISTER SEEKS
BEDBESS IN CTVTL COURT
It's a cold day when the flirt has no use
for a. fan. \u25a0
WILL MANAGE
TWO THEATERS
A notice of appeal from the judgment
given Nora Helen Gertrude O'Neil Mur
phy against Bertram Samuel Joseph Fen
instone Murphy was filed in the County
Clerk's office yesterday. Mrs. Murphy ob
tained a judgment against her husband
for $7000 alimony last May in Judge Gra
ham'.s court. Murphy wants the Judgment
set aside.
Murphy Will Appeal.
Gertrude M. Owens filed suit yesterday
to secure a divorce from Alfred J. Owens,
She alleges in her complaint that her hus
band, in addition to treating her. cruelly,
has for the last two years failed to pro
vide her with the common necessaries of
life. She further alleges that two weeks
after their marriage, which took place
in August, 3S9S, they were about to leave
their home for the theater, when her hus
band abused her for having powdered her
face and seizing her roughly wiped the
powder off with a wet towel. He then
took her stock of face powder and threw
it out of the window. She also alleges
that one night while leaving the Colum
bia Theater he abused her for stumbling
and falling and compelled her to seek tho
assistance of strangers to regain her feet
Mrs. Owens further alleges that as her
eyesight is very poor she suffered greatly
through his heartless conduct.
Gertrude M. Owens Recites Story of
Her TJnhappiness in a Divorce
Complaint.
OBJECTS TO HIS WIFE
TJSING FACE POWDER
VANDAL BREAKS
STORE WINDOWS
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Isaac H. N Smith against Margaret
Smith ,for desertion, Margaret Eldridge
against Edward E. Eldridge . for failure
to provide, Elfrida M. Sandbeck against
Ernost C. Sandbeck for cruelty and Mary
J. Lahusen against Benjamin J. Lahusen
for desertion, Clara Anderson against
Henry Anderson for desertion and Frank
s - Gray against Mattie Gray for cruelty.
Cora Belle Schmidt was granted a di
vorce from Edward August Schmidt for
neglect.
Divorce Proceedings."
Arrangements Completed for Annual
Dinner and lecture by Authority
on Industrial Problems.
The board of directors of the Mer
chants' Association held its regular
monthly meeting at the Mills building
yesterday.
It was decided to hold tie annual din r
ner of the organization at the Palace Ho
tel Monday evening, November IS. The
subject of discussion will be "Municipal
end Industrial Betterments." Prominent
speakers will deliver addresses.
Arrangements have been completed for
& lecture to be given under the auspices
of the Merchants' Association by Dr. "Wil
liam H. Tolman at Metropolitan Temple
November 19. Mr. Tolman is a well known
authority on labor problems and his ad
dress will be devoted to suggestions as to
practical methods of improving industrial
conditions. The lecture will be illustrated
and will b« given free to such as may ap
ply for tickets at the office of the secre
tary of the association in the Mills build
ing:.
Nineteen new firms -were admitted to
membership in the organization yesterday.
M3SRCHA2TTS' ASSOCIATION
HOLDS MONTHLY MEETING
Judge Corcoran has awarded the entire
flow of .the, waters of Big Creek during
the summer and fall months, which is the
only time when the water is of value, to
the defendant and to the intervenor for
the purposes of irrigation and the flum
ing of lumber, which decision is n com
plete defeat for the plaintiff in , the
action. . _
The case was~~tried without a jury at
Mariposa, and the trial lasted many
weeks. For r the 'convenience of counsel
the argument was adjourned to San
Francisco, where the Judge occupied the
courtroom of Judge Kerrigan in thd
City Hall. The argument, which con
sumed six weeks, was the longest " ever
had in San Francisco. , Both sides sub
mitted every authority which was in any
way pertinent to the consideration of the
court, and hundreds of law books were
used during the argument.
Stratton & Kaufman, Charles N. Fox
and F. H," Short" represented the Madera
Sugar Pine Company, the'intervenor, and
Fox & Gray represented the Madera Ca
nal and "Irrigation Company, the defend
ant. John K. Hite was - represented by
Morrison & Cope, James F. Peck, J. A.
Adair and F. J. Castlehun. Over 12,000,
000 was involved in the litigation."
During the trial it was proved that the
Crocker-Huffman Land and Water Com
pany, an irrigation corporation which
supplies water to the residents of Mer
ced County, was paying all of the ex
penses of the action, and had a contract
with the plaintiff by which they were en
titled to all of the water which he might
recover by the litigation. This water,
which it was claimed might have been
used in irrigation in Merced County, will
now be. lost to the irrigatprs there, and
will be used as heretofore in irrigating
the orchards, vineyards and alfalfa fields
around Madera and in fluming lumber by
the Madera Sugar Pine Company.
John R. Hite, the millionaire mine
owner of Mariposa County, was defeated
yesterday in the Superior Court of Mari
posa County in an action brought by
him against the Madera Canal and Irri
gation Company,, with the Madera Sugar
Pine Company as. Jntervenor. The title
to' the waters of Big Creek, in Mariposa
and Madera counties, Was in question.
Thousands of acres of land in Madera
County are irrigated by the waters of
that • creek. In addition, the Madera
Sugar Pine Company employs many hun
dreds of men in the lumbe'r industry,
at the mill, the box factory in Madera,
and in caring for the 60-mlle long Hume.
All of these are directly affected by the
decision, because the waters of Big Creek
are also used in the fluming of lumber to
Madera.
The Board of Public "Workg submlttd
yesterday to Mayor Phelan a statement
showing that a saving of $75,351 had been
effected during 1900-X901 in lighting .tho
city under the rates fixed by the Board
of Supervisors, as compared with 1898
1S99 under the consolidation act. The
statement also shows that the candle
power has greatly improved. The figures
as given follow: *
The last year (1S9S-1899) under the !
consolidation act, it cost the city
'and county to light the streets $284;4C5 11
And to light public buildings 41,951 23
Total .:.. J326.4W 31
Cost of foregoing in- 1900
1001:
Streets $218,914 02
Public buildings 32,15132 251,065 34
Being a saving of $75,35.1 00
In the year 1898-1898 the candle-power of
street lamps was 475,056, and In 1900-laOl 719,540,
or an increase in efficiency of 51 per cent and
a decrease in cost of 23 per cent. •
The following table of the efficiency tf
street lights in the ten principal cities
shows that San Franqisco is ninth 'in
population, ranks sixth in efficiency and
is now better lighted than' New York,
Chicago, • St. Louis or Cleveland:
If ||lr I! H i
Xew York 3,437,202 7.010.7S1 2520 JToi 7
Chicago l,69S,57o 3,3S7,352 4152 1.99 8
Philadelphia . l,203,G97 5,106,6S7 1510 3.S6 4
St. Louis 575,238 1.116,429 876 1.94 9
Boston 560,892 2,26S t 601 5S6 4.04 2
Baltimore f.08,957 1.1S1.955 402 2.32 5
Cleveland .... ; 3S1.76S 710.SC2 4S4 1.S6 |1O
Buffalo 352.3S7 1.3S2.046 638 3.92 3
San Ftancisco 342, 7S2 719,540 \u25a0 749 2.09 6
Cincinnati.... 325,902 1,744,000 630 5.35 1'
The exercises will commence at 2
o clock at the Red Men's building or.
Post street.
The following named committee of ar
rangements will have charge. of the coun
cil and the programme:
Emilio Lastreto, president. Tosemlte Tribe;
M. Bloom, vice president, Oshonee Tribe; J. H.
Hutaff, secretary, Altahmos Tribe; Henry A.
Chase, treasurer. . Manzanita Tribe; l 'W. S.
Jamieson, Mlantonomah Tribe:; S. M. "Webb,
Pohonachee Tribe; T. M. Seary. Pocahontaa
Tribe; AV. D. Allen. Sotoyome Tribe; A. La
place, Semlnole Tribe; N. Rothman, Modoo
Tribe; A. Dawson, Wlnnemucca Tribe; Q. W.
Montelth Oaceola Tribe; A. Hausman/ IVhlte
Eagle Tribe; M. T. Allman, Bald Eagle Tribe;
J. *owzer, Arapahoe Tribe; F. F. Terramorse,
Montezuma Tribe; O. Methmann, Alvwashtee
Tribe; J. D. . Hemmell. Monadnock Tribe;
Charles de Cleer. Seneca Tribe; John AV. Kelly,
Blazlnjr Arrow Tribe: Dr. R. E. Gibson. Man
coj>ah Tribe; .W.-M. Joseph!. Nez Perces Tribe.
Overture by an orchestra, invocation by the
Great Prophet, remarks by Great Sachem
James Boyes, "The Holy City," Miss Alice
iiarnum ; In memoriam, J. H. Hutaff, secre
.tary of the/ committee of arrangements; vocal
solo, Horace Hanna; eulogy Emlllo Lastreto;
vocal selection^ Professor Carl Sawvell; "Res
ignation," a rlcitatlon Dr. M B. Ryer; vocal
solo, William H. Brown; benediction by the
Great Prophet and the singing or "America"
-by a quartet and the audience.
At the Council of Sorrow of the Im
proved order of Red Men, to-morrow
afternoon special services In memory oi
the late President William McKlnley,
who was a member of a tribe in tha
.reservation of Ohio, of which he wa3
past sachem, will be held. -
The hall will be appropriately drape!
and the following programme will be
carried out:
Defendants.
Judge Corcoran of Mariposa
Renders Judgment for
ciency.
Eastern Cities in Effi-
San Francisco Leads Large
Special Observance of Day of
Sorrow to Be Held at
Reservations.
Loses the Big "Suit Over
\ the Water Rights of
Big Creek.
Ready, to Meet in Ooun-^
cil in Memory of Late
President.
Figures Show a Healthy
Saying for Street
Illumination.
DECISION GOES
AGAINST HITE
REDUCE COST
OF LIGHTING
RED MEN WILL
HONOR MARTYR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIiV SATURDAY,, OCTOBER 26^ 1901.
8
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /&e~&SZZ&
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar* . *
SEE lrARTrtfQl F0R HEADACHt SEE
i- OLd£i bAKI tKO FOR DIZZINESS.
HSJrmr for biliousness. npllM «, P
GENUINE V ver for torpid liver. GENUINE
M PB I LS F0R COMSTIPATIOS.
WRAPPPR Hi FOR SALLOW SX1H. WRAPPER
WKAl-ThH IflBBB IFORTHECOMPLEXIOH » n^rrcn
HON. SAMUEL M.
Will Discuss the Issues
of the Campaign
« • \u25a0
• AT—
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
THIS,
Saturday Evening.
HON. JULIUS KAHN
Will Preside.
M. U ASHER, v
Chairman Republican. Campaign Committee.
P. H. PREXDERGAST, Secretary.
• -
For Tax Collector,
luW U Ji ullllHB
Republican Nominee.
VOTE FOR V V
P.BOLAND,
Democratic Nominee for.
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR
»7>*-i .itoretnfepnt^.— — "^^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN INTERNAL REMEDY.
A Pleasant Tasting Tablet; Simple,
Convenient; Cures Every Form,
of Catarrh.
The use of Inhalers, douches, sprays,
salves and powders for catarrh is a nuis-
ance and inconvenience at the best, and
cannot compare with antiseptic remedies
In tablet form for Internal use.
Internal remedies are the only ones
which can really reach* the seat of the
disease, which is In the blood, and local ap-
plications can no more cure catarrh than
rheumatism or kidney trouble, the exces-
sive secretion in nose and throat being lo-
cal manifestations of a deep seated poison
In the blood.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, the most suc-
cessful of" the various Internal remedies
is composed principally of highly con-
centrated antiseptics, which destroy the
catarrh germs in the blood and cause
them to be eliminated through the natural
channels.
Progressive physicians use and advise
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets because they
contain no cocaine, no opiate, no enervat-
ing drug whatever, but are composed of
Guaiacol, Hydrastin, Red Gum and simi-
lar catarrh antiseptics, and are so safe
and pleasant that even littte children may
use them, with excellent results.
Catarrh sufferers who have wasted time
and money on local applications should
not despair of a radical cure Until a trial
of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets has been
rnade. • . ' \u25a0
A complete treatment may be purchased
at. any drusr store for fifty, cents. \
a visit DR. JORDAN'S great, i
tMOSEUM OF ANATOMY*
§ taS 1051MASZMST.tet.6di*7ti,S.r.Cal. (
\ ,ty \ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
0 _ ofc^. World. Weaknesses or any contracted t I
L. SKflQ *se«e p«.«lll»rly cared by the oldest f
O IBSJ I Specialist on ihe CoasN E»t 36 yearv 0
4 flO? I DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
A f^XJHvS ' Consultation free and stiictly private. \
W J AffVLM T' M < m "l personally or by letter. A A
\ 1 W 11 B P( " itivt Ctar * in « ver y case undertaken. T
4911 HA WriteforBook. PHILOSOPHY of A
W * II IV HAIIRIaCE, MAILED FREB. (AY
Aw 'Cr T »'uable book for mrn) 'A
r I>R JORDAX A CO.. 1051 Marlcet»t..8. F V
DH.MEYERS&CO, jjpit%
Specialists. Disease &^£Jllp \u25a0 JS
and weakness of- J?
men.' Established fjZ&l /PiSSki^fSS
. 1881. Consultation ITV*: ®I
and private book '^Vft . yX I
free, at office or by" j£Sk&>4.
mail. Cures guar- l^^^g^gr
anteed. 731 Mar- x^olsH&r'^r
kct street (eleva-
tor entrance), San
Francisco. . ; -\u25a0 -•;•'. -' \u25a0"' '\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 -^^ **v<"
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PAOIPIO.
Tralaa !•••*•« «»<i »r» .««•«• *• »rrl«« »•
MA ft FUAMfUMHO. '
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
tBAv« — From OcroBgn 8. 1301. — amut»
?>OOa Benida, SuUuu, Elmira and 8aera.
mento... •tS5p
":OOa Vte»Till«, Winters, Rumsey ?i»a»
7 :30a M »t tinei, San Kamon, Vallejo. Kaps.
CaliitngaaiiilHaiita Itoia/. 0:25 p
8:OOa DaTia, Woodlaud. KnignSs L»ndlnj.
MMTSTilie. Orotlllo.. 7i31p
S:9Oa Atlantis Ktpresa— Ogden and East 13:S3p
»:o»a yiles, Lathrop, Stockton............ 7^ap
8:»Oa Nile* Mendota, Hanford, Visilla.
Porterrllle :,— ••;;•• * :M *
SsSOa ShMta Express-DaTto, Wiillanu (fof
Bartlett Springs). Willows, Bed
Bluff, PortlaMd. 7»S3»
• iUOa 3»u Jo«e, LiTermore, HlochUm,
lone fiacramfiiio, 1 Uocrtiae,
Muryiflllo. Oblen. Kml IJIulT 4i2.1p
H:3Oa OakUalf. Chinese, Sonora. Carten... 4:Kir
!»:»>o» BaTwartl, JJileB aud Waj SUtlou*.. J ltd.1*
»:•<>& VaUejo *a:aa»
I*iO«a Los Angeles Eirresa— Wartlne*.
Traey. Lathrop. rttoektou, Meroed
Fretno and Lo» Aflgales J 8 ? 3 *
0:»0* Vallejo, MaitiiHA ami Way Station* ?:Mr
1 0:eOA The O»erl»nd Limited— Ogden, Den-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago .?'!!?'
tl:»AP Saer»ment« W»er Stoomars ''Z'?!;*
a.-S»p Haywnrd. iW>-n aud Waj HUtiona.. 7sJ»*
\u25a0iioui' ISviiicla. Winters. Hacrameino,
Woodland, Kniglita J^odllK.
nt»ry»*«le. '>rofllle -.. »O;3»a
4tO«pMartliiex. Han Kamon. Valiejo.
Niipu. t.'ulmtoKH. Sitnta liana »iS3&
4-!«Op Nilos, LtTrrmoro. Stockton. Lodi... l»«a»F
«>»or Htjward. Nlles, »aii . lu»e. IJwnnore t»:»»»
4 xH»r Port Cosi*. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton 1 »:33a
•:OOrThe Owl I.imited-Fre*n«>, Tttlare.
BakenSeld. Oaupis for Santa liar-
. bara, Los AnKxTea 8iO»A
SiOOp Martin* 1. Antioch, Stockton. Mer- -
ced. Fresno iai«»*
• :30p New Orleans Exprei«»— Mendota,
Fresno, EakenSeld, Lcs Angeles,
DcmiBg. El I*«so, N«w Orlesni
aud Easl 7l 5? A
• io«p Marward. Nilos and Han Jose 7«3*»
4»:Oi»i- Vulleio .-. 1 1»«3«,
HtOorOrienUl Hail— Ogden. Chejenna.
Omaha, Chicago l»tS3r
- OiOOr Oriental Wall — Ogdeo, Denrer,
8t Louis. Chicago. 4*3t
7sOOr Oregou and CalKuniia ISzpr«a«,Hao>
nmnitu, Maryxllle. l(»iMln«.
1'ortlttinl. l'nget rtomid miHl Kask . S:33a
\u25a0••SpSan Pablo. 9»tt Costa. Martiaes
ai.d Way Utatious IIiSSa
t»:<Mr Voil'-i' 7:&ap
COAST LiINE (Narrow «.»ii«e).
(Foot of ilnrket Street.)
57TJT* Neirark.OiiteMiUtvSanJoso, Folton,
liouliler Crtek.« inta C'ciiz aud Way '
Stations 8»50F
tt'lSr Newark CenterTilie, Ban .lose. New
Almstleo, Vnltou. Itoulder Creek,
banla (.'mi and Principal Waj
Station l»il»»A
4il3p Newark, Uau Jose, Los Gatos 1S:3<>*,
kO.Sof Hunters' Train-San Jose and Way
Buttons t7«aoy
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom S1I msCISCQ— Jaot of Markit Street (Slip 8>—
ti:15 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:03 3:J0 3:13i*.«.
rrimOlIURO— r«it«flrti4«*T.— 1«:00 +d:00 t3:0S
10.00a.m. 12:03 20J 4:03 r.M. ;
COAST IilNE (Hroa.l Cause).
-^ (Third ni.d Townsend St«.) .
6: 10 a Saa Jose and Way Stations.......... 5I3o5
7:0Oa Kan Joae nmt Way SUUoiis li'l»p
/7:«ua New Almadi-u /4>10r
HiOOa Han Jnte. Ties IMdos. Hanta> C'rim,
PaelOe Uri>*«, tsalima. San Lnls
Obispo, Santa Barbara and Prin-
cipal i.iterme<!i»ts Stntl..i.s. ....... 7>43r
IOiXOa Ban Jcs« md Way Stations 4:1 Vp
I lt»»A Uau .)<)«» and Way SUlions S«3ttF
\-t:\T,r San Mateo. Itedwootl. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa C'ara. H»» .liw»,
Tres Pinos, 8»nta V.tnr, Salinas.
\u25a0 . Monterey »im> l*»clllc Urove t> a '** 3 A
SiSOr Han Jose and Way Staliona. 6::i0v
M:lSr8anJoseand Principal Way Ntatlons V;43a
iSiOOr San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Waj Stations f»tOO»
StSOp San Jose and Principal Waj Stations 8:20 a
•iOOr Redirosd, Han Jose, Gilroy, Sallnaa,
Santa Barbara, Los Aneeles 10:03.%
S::top Sau Jooe and Way .Stations {NiA'U
«ll:45p San Jog- mill Waj Stations 0:3Or
A for Morning 1* 'nr A fternoon.
t Rimdaj exeepted. t *nnd»j only.
• Saturday only. /Tussdaya and Fridays^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTER BL C&
LESSEB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAGIFIS
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburon F«rry. Fo*t m* sliiiltsil ta>
€an Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m - 12 33
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3 30.
5:C0, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. ra.; 12:13.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. xn.; 1:40 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. rn.
Leave I In Effect j Arrive
San Francisco. [April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- 1 Week
Daya. | days. [ Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, .10:40 am S4Oai»
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm o:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pni
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10'23 ara
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton,
Geyservllle, • !.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am and Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 &za . « W:4 ° am lo:!5 am
i.™~ ! : S2 am Gu erneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm \u25a0 > .-.> ;....- 0 . 8:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 am 3:40 am
and
6:10 pm 6:C0pm Olen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami |10:40 am[10:25 am
3:o0pm| j:0Opmj Sebaatopol. | 7:35 pm[ 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Clov«rdale
ror the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Lipper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley-
John Day'e, Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknells!
Sanhedrin Heights. HullvUle. Orr's Hot
Springs Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. West-
K^: ¥ saU WUmsi. Laytonvllle. Cummins,
and Eurek^ nSS * Harri9 ' OIael »'».. Scotia
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
v .iS ket offic f» t5a Market street. Chronlcl*
Duiialng. •
H. C. TvHITING, R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
flOUNTTAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arnve
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
»"«,S«a *i««rt» to Strait «n4B*w».il.W. *
»*rtOaM^ «S1 SI.UUEST SIBJtBI nd SACSAUTO RKXT.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
|I>T1S34 tor the treatment of Private
f Dbeues. I^st Manhood. Debility or
|di»ease wearlngon body and mind and
\u25a0 Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures trlien
\u25a0 others, fall. Try him. Charges low.
Bturpngnaritntrrd. Callorwrit*
I>r. J. JP. wiPBOJT.aaa Jranclsco. OX
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year'
FOR MAYOR. '
ASA R. WELLS.
" ' REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
_ i - \u25a0 _\u25a0\u25a0•
ON HIS RECORD FOR THE
PAST 18 MONTHS
Edmond Godchaux,
Incumbent,
Seeks Re-election to the
Office of
RECORDER.
For.«
CITY ATTORNEY,
Judge it Barry
Regular Republican Nominee,
VOTE FOR
JOHN FARNHAffl
FOR
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR,
0 ..•\u25a0\u25a0-.
POLITICAL,__,
- - - FQK,.., .,
MAYOR,
Democratic Nominee.
j ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE CONTRAST
in the linen \ we launder and that done b/
others Is all in our favor. "We have an
up-to-date equipment and do up-to-date
work. We take special pains with all the
work we do. .This Is all for your benefit,
as you will appreciate if you send your
linen here. TVe call for and deliver.
No. saw edges. < •\u25a0
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4. Market Streai,
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Ave.
G050RBHCEA AND UHINARY DI5CHAR0E3
fisfc^^^iw «a SV vw J
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
ISP& CHiCHESTER'S CMGU3H
Pennyroyal pslls
8A7E - *'«»." ralinbl*. Ladle*, uk Drqntrt
for CHICHESTEKVS ENGLISH
«r** 3 'y^5\ la KED »m Gold metmlllo boxe.. K«: e4
«k 3^TCJ«S thblu «' lbl x>n. Take no ether. Refute
lit l W tlOBfc B«j «f jonr Draggiit. or raad 4«. la
I M "">P< «>r Psrtlenlara, Tw.tlmoni.la
— A. -Iff _. »nrn Mall. lO.OUO TuKnoiisli. Sold bj
lf™»^r7si. r>ru «e t "»- ., ClileJie.ua- Chemlesl Cal
Ment.°o tbii paper. Mndlso* Sqkara, 1"U1LA™ ¥J>1
JMBrmji J?,™^^ to ' Gonorrhoea,
j^S«r CURES yM Whites, unnatural dis-
&t5fofta 1 to S daj«- iS charges, or any inflamma-
bChjl Gn»r»nteed to K tion, irritation or ulcera-
Jr- A Prevent couwgion. tion of m u c O n s mem*
Ko'lmEYANsCnnii"iirn brancs - Non-astringent.
«HaCINGINHAT.0.^^ or gent , Q p j a j Q wrappert
v. s. x. jfssSl, by express, prepaid, lor
A^cS8fe>~-*?S?!jH 11.00, or 3 bottles, {2.73.
Circular sent on request.
k -^patents!
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
* BAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl r d Local
Dally • Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
\u25a0 " Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
." Fresno.... 2:03 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
"Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalla.... 3:40 p 4:4S a .. . .
" Bakrsflld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
•" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30a
i *' Chicago 2:15 p[ 9:00 p
a lor morning-. - p for afternoon.'
•9 a. m. train is the California Limited,
leaving Monday and Thursday only, car-
rying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to . Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class tick-
ets are honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:53 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. ,
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Correspgnding train arrives at 5:Ji p m"
dafly. .
• 7:20 a- m. is Bakersfleld Local, s topping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally
Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway Oak-
land. ,.-..•-. -
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallt* K«rry.
Commencing September 2» 1901
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAT T T^v
AND SAN RAFAEL VA **LEY
WEEK DAYS-6:55, 8:30, *0:SO n-m » 1 >
n:45 t 3:15, 4:15, 5:15, »6:15. 6:45 p rn t m -'
KOtTRA TRIPS— For Mill Va'lley and Han
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Ln-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. na faatur-
SUNDAYS-»8:00, •lUM, •U:3Q a m «i-i-
3:15. »4:45. 6:30, 9:30 p. m. * "*' n - 1 °'
' Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANrncrvw
WEEK DATS-*3:25, 6:27, 7:45! $&?\o$k
a. m., '12:25. 2:15, '3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p A, 10:15
EXTRA THIPS on Mondays, WedneWav,
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p m canesda l 3
SUNDAYS— 6:15, 'S^. nOiOO. •11-43 .
«l:40. 'SaS, 4:45. »6:80 p. m. *• - m -»
Trains "marked (\u2666) start from San Oi.»i,«
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN KtANCiqm
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:45, 7:55 8:55 lt^ ?l «°*
12:35. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10 p. m. ' • 30 *• m ->
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays w^ B .
and Saturdays at 7:10 and lofte 'p m sd * yS
SUNDAYS-8:05, 10:06 a. m. 12-05 s-is »-w
5:00, 6:45 p. m. \- \u25a0 . • w> ' zli ' 8 =30.
THROUGH TRAINS
tions 3 a> m< da ys-Ca 2 adero and way .ta-
stiuon P s m> Saturda y s^I>«ncan Mills and way
8t |^-'--. Sui^ s -^^n -loii and way
SuS U™*** ?** "Strains will run on
Sold all over the world.
Few people know the
comfort and beauty of
perfect natural skin.
Have you used Pears'
soap?
'£ AD VlJ-lTlSEMEJrTS. _'
I j^^jjT is significant that in homes of wealth where
c|pi|| the very test is demanded, Ivory Soap is.
I <f|» used in the nursery. At the same time, in
, |3ft f I hundreds of families where economy decides
the choice, Ivory Soap is selected Thus its purity
attracts the rich; its economy attracts the poor. High
quality and low cost: is there any better combination ?
COrYKIGHT 1I«« «r THE rROCTC* A SAMBi E CO. CINCINNtTIAfter three years of separation her hus
band sought her out here almost a month
ago. He promised to aid her. On Thurs
day night the expected aid came. In the
shape of a check for $6, not enough topay
her room rent. The check, however, did
not come into her hands until she had col
lapsed.
When the Theatrical Managers' Associ
ation heard of her pitiful plight no time
was lost In providing for her comfort.
John Morrlssey of the Orpheum went to
the Receiving Hospital and gave the
matron money to purchase for her the un^
derwear of which she was sadly In need.
Then he made arrangements to send her
to St. Luke's Hospital, where she was re
moved later in the afternoon, 'r* .
\u25a0•Oh. I shall 1 be so happy to get out
there," she said. "I can sit on the verafada
all day when I" am strong enough and just
Then came her last and most bitter
struggle. From agency to agency she
went, seeking employment in the theaters.
All she could secure was a position at $3 50
per week. She lived in a modest room at
223A Leavenworth street, but toward the
end w'as unable to pay the small rent
charged. - . \u25a0
At once she made a success. She was on
the fair road to .prosperity, when in her
room one day th'e curtains took flre and
her child was burned to death before her
eyes. Her reason gave way .under this
second misfortune, and for a time her life
hung in the balance. Recovering, . she
came to San Francisco about three months
ago, and sought employment. An engage
ment in .minor parts with. the Neill com
pany was all she could secure, although
she was an ingenue of marked ability.
Baby Is Burned to Death.
penurious, \u25a0 she says. She pondered long
over her unfortunate condition, and finally
j made up her mind to leave him and put
her talents to use In earning a livelihood
for herself and child. She went to Los
Ang-eles, and there secured a position with
the Cummins Dramatic Company.
Pitiful Tale of the Blighted Life of Mrs. Despiro; Known on the
Stage as Ruth Richmond, Is Revealed as She Lies "on a
Hospital Cot Suffering From the Effects of Starvation
HUNGER CAUSES THE COLLAPSE
OF TALENTED YOUNG ACTRESS
Chinese Land at Ensenada.
SANTA ANA, Oct. 25.— Reports from re
liable citizens who recently visited Ense
nada, in Lower California, indicate that
a well perfected scheme is* In operation
there to smuggle Chinese into the United
States. Vessels are constantly landing
Chinese at Ensenada, according to these
reports, and the Celestials promptly dis
appear. Not long ago a schooner landed
thirty-seven Chinese.
Monterey-Pacific Grove Railway.
SALINAS, Oct. 25.— Articles of incorpor
ation of the Del Monte, Monterey and Pa
cific Grove Electric Railway Company
have been filed in the County Clerk's of
fice. The capital stoclc is $200,000, and the
directors for the first year are J. D. Carr
of Salinas, Charles Carr, J. P. Sargent, H.
R. Robins and R. F. Johnson of Monterey.
Truckee Burglars' Good Saul.
TRUCKEE, Oct. 25.— Burglars entered
the . butcher shop of Joseph Marzen Jr.
last night, broke open the safe and car
ried away $600 in coin and $1000 worth of
Jewelry. The Job was evidently done by
experts, though all the tools used wero
stolen from a local blacksmith shop.
< Rancher Commits Suicide.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 25.-W. A. Han
thron committed suicide on his ranch
near Aptos to-day by shooting himself
In. the head with a rifle. He was a native
of Illinois, aged 39, and leaves a family
Ends Life by Shooting.
NAP A, Oct. 25.-r-Constant Wolff, a na
tive . of Germany, aged 61 . years, kille 1
himself yesterday afternoon by shooting.
Knocked Down by Lightning Bolt.
GRASS VALLEY. Oct^ 25.-A door
smashed into splinters, a young lady
knocked senseless and her mother felled
to tho floor were the startling expe
riences that befell the Hegarty family at
Moores Flat. on Wednesday night during
an electrical storm. Early in the evening
Miss Mamie Hegarty, the 16-year-old
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Heg
arty, was attempting to hang a curtain
In the kitchen. The mother was standing
near. Suddenly -there- came -a blinding
flash of lightning. The bolt struck the
supporting post on the porch, breaking it
in .two, and, striking the door, splintered
it into pieces. The shock knocked Miss
Hegarty from a chair and rendered her
unconscious. Her mother waa knocked
down, but quickly recovered.
The petition for the probate of the will
states that William H. Howard died o.i
the 19th day of October, 1901, leaving real
estate, the probable value of which ex
ceeds $100,000, and personal property com
prising horses, cattle, hogs, etc., exceed
ing in value the sum of $20,000. 1
From remarks made in court yesterday
upon the application of Edward W. How
ard for special letters of administration
it is evident that the widow is dlssatisfle.1
with the terms of the -will-and that a
contest will probably develop.
Deceased then bequeaths to his wife,
Anna D. Howard, and his five children
equally, share and share, alike, all hi
personal effects, household effects, furni
ture, silver and plated ware, books; pic
tures, carriages and harness. He devises
all of the residue of his estate to his five
children— Gertrude, William, Edward,
Frances and Kenneth.
After appointing Edward W. Howard
and F. M. Pickering as executors, . the
will provides that. they shall act withou:
bonds and full power Is given them to
sell, mortgage or lease any or all of tha
real property, without any order of court
and upon such terms as to them may
seem best.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 25.-The will of
William H. Howard, together with a
petition for the probate thereof, was filed
in the Superior Court to-day by th3
executors, Edward W. Howard and F. M.
Pickering. The will is a holographic
one, having been written, dated anrl
signed by the testator himself. The bulk
of the estate is left to the live children,
the widow coming in for only one-sixth ot
certain personal property specifically
mentioned.
WILLIAM H. HOWARD'S
WILL GOES ON BECOBD
Widow Is Dissatisfied With Bequest
in Her Favor and May
' Contest.
His comrades saw Sidney land between
the rails, lie for a moment as if stunnc !,
then stagger away into the woods beside
the track. They notified the police in
Newcastle, who found him and -sent him
on two days afterwards. The police of
Colorado Springs are now hunting for
him. -
The soldier Is Albert Sidney of New
York,', who was shot inv the head while
in a skirmish with Filipihos and invalide-i
home. The bullet Is still in his head. He
was in the Presidio Hospital in San Fran
cisco for several weeks, but was ' dis
charged as cured last week and received
a ticket to his home.
At Newcastle four hunters boarded the
Colorado Midland train* and walked back
into the smoker carrying their guns.
Sidney sprang up. "Filipinos!" he
shrieke'd, and turning dashed down the
aisle. Before his companions could reach
him he had flung open the door and
leaped from the platform. The train was
going at a high speed.
DENVER, Oct. 25.— A soldier fresh from
the Philippines, half dejirious with
wounds, believing that hunters were
Filipinos, leaped from a fast train at
Newcastle, Colo., last Sunday and disap
peared. He was found in the wo'ods last
Tuesday, cut and bruised by his leap, but
not seriously hurt, His wounds were
dressed and he was sent on to Colorado
Springs, Colo., where he arrived yester
day and again disappeared.
Special , Dispatch to The Call.
Officers Find Him Uninjured
and He Soon Escapes
• Again.
Sick Soldier Leaps From
' a Fast Train in
Colorado.
TAKES HUNTERS
FOR FILIPINOS
Iook at the flowers. Oh, I just love to see
the flowers." \
Tenderly lifted from her. couch by the
attendants, . her face bespeaking 1 the Joy
she felt at the kindness shown, she was
placed In the ambulance and driven away
to where she will have a chance to .re
cuperate. Now that her pitiful story,
wrung unwillingly from her by the pangs
of hunger, is known, the future has a
brighter outlook for Mrs. Despiro.
Mrs. Still, the landlady at 223A Leaven
worth street; said no intimation had been
given her of her lodger's condition. She
said that Despiro had sent her $5 once in
a while and had induced her to agree' to
live with him again, but after a sojourn
of one or two days in the city he had sud
denly left. That was over a month ago,
and tho first news from him was contained
in the letter in which the check was in
closed. , > '
(SANTA ROSA, Oct. 25.— John Dickie
was on trial here to-day In the Superior
Court on a charge of illegal voting in the
recent -Pine Flat school district election.
It is alleged "that Dickie lived In the ad-
Joining-: district. Late this evening the
Jury • disagreed and was dismissed. Dur
ing 'the 1 trial it was shown that Dickie
supposed he lived in Pine Flat district.
Votes in the "Wrong: District.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 25.— Judge Rhodes to
day granted defendant's motion for a
new-trial in the sult'of Lilian M. Steffanl
against the Southern Pacific : Railroad
Company to recover $50,000 damages for
Injuries sustained two years ago. While
a passenger on the train between San
Francisco and this city Miss Steffani was
struck on the head by a stone 1 thrown
through a window, inflicting injuries from
which she has never fully recovered. In
the first trial. the jury awarded her $28,000
damages. The new trial was granted on
the ground that. the evidence was.Insuffi
cient to show that the railroad company
could be held responsible.
age Suit.
Judge Rhodes of San Jose Submits
a Ruling in the Steffani Dam-
GRANTS A NEW TRIAL
• TO SOUTHERN" PACIFIC
In her delirium she cried for her child,
beg-ged for milk to wash his burns, and
finally said, "Oh, I am so hungry," Her
stomach was weak, and but little nourish
ment could be given. Careful watching
and nursing saved her life, and lato yes
terday she was removed to St. I Luke's
Hospital.
When taken to the hospital she was
"How did I live during those days?" she
answered in response to a , question.
"Some days I ate one meal; other days I
lived on hope. And the meals that I had
sometimes were only a crust of bread and
a glass of water. I could not bring myself
to tell any one about my condition. I just
lived on, hoping, hoping, hoping."
For three days the proud,' plucky little
woman was without food. She called as
usual on Prof. E. Henry, manager of the
Pacific Coast Theatrical Agency, yester
day, and -was given an engagement with
the Grace Fern Theatrical Company. She
fainted on hearing- the news, and simple
restoratives were applied, but none
guessed the real cause of her illness. Mrs.
H*enry and her daughter urged her to go
home and assisted her to the . car3, ac
companying her to her room. Twice on
the way home she fainted and was unable
to ascend the stairs. Then she was sent
to the Receiving Hospital.
RIVERSIDE, Oct. 25.-Fred Mills, the
18-jnonths-old son of Archie Mills, got
hold- of a bottle of carbolic acid this
rooming end drank a teaspoonful. The
child at once became unconscious an 1
died a few hours later.
Babe Drinks Carbolic Acid.
VALLEJO, Oct. 25.— George Winston,
who has conducted the^ Waldorf Cafe In
thjs city for several months. Is missing.
His frleads fear he has been murdered
end robbed. Winston went to San Fran
cisco two weeks ago, taking $300 in gold,
with the intention of purchasing sup
plies for the cafe and Incidentally to wit
ness the Carter-Walcott fight. Later he
visited a friend on Pacific street in Saa
Francisco, since which trace of him has
been lost.
Disappears in San Francisco.
MRS. RUTH DESPIRO, KNOWN ON THE STAGE AS RUTH RICHMOND,
WHOSE SUFFERINGS THROUGH LACK OF FOOD HAVE ENLISTED
THE SYMPATHY OF THEATRICAL MANAGERS' ASSOCIATION.
The fishermen are undecided as to" what
steps to pursue. Many are belligerent
and declare that they will not -move and
will resist eviction, and they are already
forming a defense association. The notice
to vacate gives them until the 17th of No
vember to do their moving. ?'\u25a0 •.'.»..
MONTEREY, Oct. 25.-Conslderable ex
citement has been caused among the Mon
terey fishermen by the serving .of formal
notice to vacate the Custom-house reser
vation and to remove therefrom the nu
merous buildings In which they keep their
nets, lines, oars and other apparatus. The
notice, which was served by the local
Constable, was issued by Henry L-und
stedt, grand secretary of the Native Sons
of the Golden West.
The Native Sons have obtained a lease
from the Government of the old Custom
house and reservation, and with the ap
propriation of $4200 made by the last Leg
islature, which becomes available the first
of the year, it is their intention to reno
vate and restore the building and to make
a. water front park on the reservation. It
is to make room for this park that the
fishermen's houses, about twenty in num
ber, are to be moved.
Native Sons Make the First Move
Toward Establishing a Park in
Monterey. ', :
FISHERMEN" MUST GET
OFF THE RESERVATION
Mrs. Despiro is an actress. Her stage
name is Ruth Richmond. She is only past
19, but has been married five years. De
serted by her husband, and with a child
of three years, she went to Los Angeles
last spring and secured a theatrical en
gagement. Her child was accidentally
burned to death. Three months ago she
came to San Francisco in seach of em
ployment, but was not successful, and suf
fered from hunger until she was taken to
the Receiving Hospital.
Ruth de Barrette is her maiden name.
She was born* in France, and came as a
child to Louisville, Ky., where her parents
settled. She was educated in a convent.
When she first conceived the idea of going
on the stage her parents engaged her to
Despiro. and shortly after her four
teenth birthday she \u25a0was married. A child
was born, and the family moved to Col
orado, the husband settling In Cripple
Creek, where he engaged in the shoe busi
ness and prospered.
Her married life was not a happy one.
Her husband was fourteen years the sen
ior of his child wife. He was close and
Fair of face and feature, sfhe suffered,
how much none but herself can know. She
was brought to the Receiving Hospital
shortly after midnight from her lodgings
at 223A Leavenworth street. She was sn
a state of utter collapse, and when the
physician in attendance learned her story
of starvation every assistance was ren
dered.
AS pitiful a tale of misery and hun
ger as can be compassed in the
brief span of a woman's life, not
yet out of her teens, is that of
Mrs. Ruth Despiro, who was
taken yesterday to the Central Emergency
Hospital. Her ailment was inanition. That
she suffered In the midst of great plenty,
with willing hands on every side to help,
may perhaps have been her fault, but she
was proud and determined, and rather
than seek charity suffered from hunger.
Joseph Maynard had been in the mill
aid wet down the charge just two min
utes before the explosion, and bad gone
Into mill Ko. 6, near by. There was no
one in the mill at the time of the disas
ter, so no lives were lost. About lot)
pounds of powder went up. The mill and
machinery were completely wrecked. The
powder was immediately removed from
Ko. 6 on account of the debris near by
btrnlng.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 35.— An explosion at
lh<» California Powder "Works shortly
«X:er 7 o'clock this morning wrecked the
mill known as Ko. 7. where black powder
Is made.
Building and Machinery at the Santa
Cruz Plant Completely
Destroyed.
EXPLOSION WRECKS
POWDER WORKS MHJj
REDDING, Oct. 25.— A murder case ;
\u25a0which interested all Northern California ]
bas ended with the violent death of the j
surviving principal. A message brings tbej
E<;w5 that Benjamin Weisenberger, the'i
slayer of Thomas Watson, has met death .
in the Golden Eagle mine at Hayden Hill. |
l>i*sen County. The miner went with a j
friend into the lower levels of the mine |
arid was overcome by foul air. His com- j
rade barely escaped. j
Four months aeo Benjamin "Weisenber- j
ser located a claim on land near the I
ranch of Thomas Watson, an old rancher, j
"Watson warned the miner not to use the :
\u25a0water from a certain spring. A quarrel
led to the procuring of guns and Weisen- !
beryer shot WatEpn dead. Witnesses saw!
the affair from a distance. Their stories
conflicted somewhat, and Weisenberger
\u25a0wsis never tried for the killing.
X»eath of Benjamin "Weisenberger Re
calls a Recent Tragedy in
Lasses. County.
THOMAS WATSON'S SLATTEB,
TjOSES LITE III A MINE
SOFIA, Oct. 25.— It is semi-officially as
serted that no indication has yet been
*ound of Miss Stone's kidnapers having
been m Bulgaria. The Bulgarian Govern
ment is determined to annihilate the band
ehould it cross the frontier, and will deal
with the utmost severity with any Bul
garians whose complicity in the kidnap
\u25a0ing- shall be proved. Grwt resentment is
ff.lt here at tfte exploitation to the ais
credit of Bulgaria of a crime committed
In another state.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct. 2o.-Com
rrunication has been established from
2£elnik, province of Salonica, with the
brigands who abducted Miss Ellen M.
Stone, the American missionary; and her
companion, Madame Tsilka. Peet and
Eddy had a Ions conference to-day on
the various phases of the Stone affair,
based en dispatches received from Meinik.
TJit Cabinet approved the policy hither
to pursued by Secretary Hay. of first
usinp every means to effect the woman's
liberation, and when this is accomplished,
o: ", t»sr death established, ihen to exact
rim reparation from Bulgaria. The Ameri
can ag-ents.ln Constantinople and. Sofia
are acting under these instructions. D -k
itison. the Consul General at Sofia, has
not improved the chances of Miss Stone's
recovery, according to administration of
ficials, by bis criticism of the Bulgarian
Government. Bulgarians are said to re
sent the published statements reflecting
upon them. The State Department has
CDnsicit T'-.i Dickinson's case, and it would
not be surprising- should Secretary Hay
take action.
The Cabinet was informed that ttC.OOO
\'^i. Vf? raised in Miss Stone's behalf and
i.ia.. this is subject to Mr. Eddy's
itlf opinion of the Cabinet was un«iui
\u25a0nous that the executive without Congres
ecnal authorization has no right to add
a dollar of public money to the fund. The
a<'Uon ir_ Miss Stone's behalf establishes a.
tuui precedent, in that, as one of the of
uaais expressed it, it places a premium
o:i « uch offences, and under ordinary cir
cumstances the United States would not
irnerfere.
CALL BUREAU, K06 G STREET V
W.. WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.-Two ' im
portant dispatches regarding Miss Stone
were received by the State Department
io-day and considered by the Cabinet.
1 bcae dispatches established conclusively
that there Is absolutely no trace of the
k dnaped woman. Communication with
the brigaads has been interrupted and
tte*»la apparently no wsty of restoring it.
The initiative must come from the ab
djctors Even If the full amount of the
nm«aa demanded by the brigands were
available the authorities say it would now
br impossible to pay it. &o dense is- the
mystery in which the woman and her
caters ara enveloped.
Special D!fp*tca to The CalL
Constantinople Cables, How
ever, Say Communication
Is Restored. *
Cabinet Is Informed That
Abductors Are Not
Located. \ .
CONSIDERS CASE
OF MISS STONE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1901.
practically devoid of clothing. Her ap
parel consisted of a skirt and cheap waist,
all that was left of her wardrobe. Her
jewelry, of which she once had much, had,
with her clothing 1 / been pawned to buy
the little food that was. her daily portion.
Husband Promised Aid."
9
1 OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
*Si^^ Wharf, San Francisco:
HfSaBfti- For Alaskan ports— 11 a, m.,
Kg£t!j»>^. Oct. 3, S, 13, 13, 23, 23, Nov. 2.
i jjjjrjyfi\icl chanRe t0 company's steamers
i pSBfVfSII For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
WBBMBl C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
•^ Tacoma, Everett and New
(Wash.)— 11 a. m..
Oct. 3. 8. 13. 18. 23. 28, Nov. 2. Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.. Oct.
4. 9. 14. 19, 24. 29. Nov. 3.'
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
re i es )_Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of California, Wednesdays. •
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey," San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford iSan
Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ven-
tura, Hueneme, East San Pedro, San Pedro
and Newport. Steamer Corona. 9 a. m., Satur-
day Nov. 2, and every Saturday thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena. Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)-lO a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain the.company"»
The "company reserves the right to ckang*
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agent*.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only S«0ctna.slmll> XjIho «o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
point* East. Throufth tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
. IjOTiniST HATES. : „ . "
STEAMEB TICKETS INCLUDE BIRTH and KEAL5.
SS COLUMBIA Sails... ..Nov. 4, 14, 24, Dec. 4
SS" GBO W. ELDER
* Sails Oci. 30, Nov. ». 19, 29
Steamer" sails from foot of So«ar St.. U a. m.
D.W.HITCHCOCK.Gen.Agt.,l Montgm'y. 3. F.
V VVUH1V U.O»VV« DWECT LINE TO TAHITI.
S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu i.V*
" ...Saturday. Nov. 2. 2 p. m.
S S VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
'lan'd and Sydney... Thursday, Nov 14. 10 a. m.
S.\ S.- AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
J. D.SPHECXEIS i B80S.'c0.",'tai Agents. 327 Harkai tt
to'l fttttnflir 01888, 843 Urtrt St, Pitr la, 1. Pacific U
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10, 12 m. ,•
LOA Oct. 261PALKNA .Nor. 33
PERU ..Nov. 9ICOLOMBIA ....Dec.: 1
\u25a0 These •teamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South ' American passenger service.
\No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, SIS California, street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIK A CO.. Pen. Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
8tanui3 GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:20 p. m.. except Sun-
daf. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo .7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, S p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, T a. m., 4:13 p. m. Fare SO
cents. ' Telephone Main 1308. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mlaslon-st. dock. -HATCH
BROS. _
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DISORDERS |p\
BY FAR THE GREAT
er number of patients &T I\TT ? //
ceeking relief for so-called \V I \ WK II />
weakness are strong, \\ I \ A y/ //
robust men in every other .".;v«.T^
respect. Loss of Vitality. Prematureness, etc.
are not weaknesses, but the symptoms ot ln*
f K n m ™nAS r XJSr rO ? e H?*^ n v the P^tata Gland
* neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too long
continued .excitement. Under our local plan of
treatment, directed 4 toward reducine the en-
larged and s Y°J 1 « n Prostate. Immediate re-
sults, as Indicated by Increased circulation and
renewed strength, are observed. Our colored
chart of the organs, which we send free on
application, is interesting to any ona wishing
to study the anatomy of the male.
PR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
_ OCEAN TBAVZL. •
TOYO KM KAISHA.
STEAMERS WIUL, LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets at In. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong -with steamers for
India, , etc. . No . cargo received on board on
day of salllrer. • • . . -, .. -
SS. HONGKONG MARU
' Saturday, November 18, 1901
ss.. nippon maru ....•......\u25a0.....:...;..
.Wednesday, December 11. . 1901
SS. AMERICA MARTI.
....Saturday. January 4, 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First.
\u25a0: \u25a0 W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
American Line.
HZF Y0BX. S0DTHAMPT0K. LONDON. Pliu
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. .
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m. '
Friesland Nov. 6 Haverford Nov. 27
Philadelphia ...Nov. 13 Philadelphia ....Dec. 4
St. Paul ...Nov. 20 St. Paul Dec. 11
FED STAR LINE;
N«w York and Antwerp,
From New York Wednesdays at \u25a0 , 12 noon.
Frtesland Nov. 6f Haverford -.... .iNov.*27
Southwark Nov. 13 1'Zeeland '. Dec. 4
•Vaderland Nov. 20jFriesland .Dec. 11
•Supping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO .
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
PANAMAR. R,S^
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST.
Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
8. 8. Leelanaw calls Thursday, Oct. 31
S. S. Arftyil •". sails Saturday, Dec. 7
S. S. Lee'anaw sails '
From' Howard-street wharf (Pier 10) at 2 p. m
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market »t
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.'
COMPASNIS GENERAL'S TRAN3ATLAHT1QTJ3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. AJ .T_
Sailing every Thursday instead of </$fC2%
Saturday,, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42, \u25a02&BKsfI
North River,, foot of Morton street. \u25a0 .*"%-
First class to Havre, 370 and upward.' Second
class to Havre, 143 and \u25a0 upward. \u25a0 GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building), N«w
York. J.-F. FUOAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue. -San- Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Rallrcad Ticket Agents. .
Fels-Naptha m
• . . \u25a0 - •\u25a0*
Fels-Naptha soap needs no
argument with the woman who
uses it according to the simple
directions. She finds that with
no boiling and but little rub-
bing, in s half the time with half
the work, the clothes come out
whiter and sweeter than ever she
saw before. Not half the wear
either. Actual fact, or money >
returned by your grocer.
. PeU & Co. • Lang & stroh (Inc.).
f^'M Philadelphia " gan FrancIflco .
POSTUM CEREAL.
ROSY COLOR.
Produced by Postum Food Coffee.
"When a person rises from each meal
with a ringing in the ears and a general
sense of nervousness. It is a common habit
to charge It to a deranged stomach. .
"I found It was caused from drinking
ccfree, which I never suspected for a long
tiire, but found by leaving: off coffee that
the disagreeable feelings went away.
"I was brought to think of the subject
by getting some Postum Food Coffee, and
this brought me out of trouble.
"It Is a moat appetizing and Invigorat-
ing beverage and has been of such great
benefit to me that I naturally speak of it
from time to time as opportunity offers.
"A lady friend complained to me that
f he had tried Postum, but it did not taste
grocd. In reply to my Question she said
she guessed she boiled it about ten min-
utes. I advised her to follow directions
ant know that she boiled It fifteen or
twenty minutes, and she would have
something- worth talking; about. A. short
time ago I heard one of her children say
that they were drinking Postum nowa-
days, »o I Judge she succeeded in making
it (rood, which is by no means a difficult
tafk.
'Tom O'Brien, the son of a friend who
lives on Bridge street, was formerly a
pale lad, but since be has been drinking
Postum has a fine color. There is plenty
of evidence that Postum " actually does
'make red blood,' as the famous trade-
mark says." Jno. Chambers, 9 Franklin
etreet, Dayton, Ohio. »"-* .
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
Requires Treatment Which* Acts:. in Harmony With
' * • Tfi Q m fiTTl Q I £j i\lTU I Olll
. • tilo XULUcllu OjooClili
Letter from Mrs. Wright, President of Brooklyn,
N.Y., Round Table, Proves this Claim.
A great many women suffer witha form of indigestion or dyspepsia which
does not seem to yield to ordinary medical treatment. While the symptoms
seem to be similar to those of ordinary indigestion, yet the medicines uniTers-
"ally prescribed do not. seem to restore the patient's normal condition. .' !
Mrs. Pinkham claims that there is a kind of dyspepsia that is caused by
derangement of the female organism, and which while it causes disturbances
similar to ordinary indigestion cannot be relieved without a medicine .which
not only acts as . a stomach tonic, but has peculiar utero- tonic effects as
well ; in other words, a derangement of the female organs may have such a
disturbing effect upon a woman's whole system as to cause serious indiges-
tion and dyspepsia, and it cannot be relieved without curing the original
cause of the trouble, which seems to find its source in tl»e pelvic organs. :
As proof of this theory we be? to call attention to the letter from Mrs.
/Wright, of Brooklyn, N. Y., herewith published :
MRS. MAGGIE WRIGHT.
" Deae Mrs. Pixkiiam : — For two years I suffered more or less with
dyspepsia which so degenerated my entire system that I .was unfit; to
properly attend to my daily duties. I felt weak and nervous and noth-
ing I ate tasted good and felt like a stone in my stomach. I tried sev-
eral dyspepsia cures, but nothing seemed to help me permanently. I
decided to give Lydia fe. Pinkhain's Vegetable Compound a trial, and
was happily surprised to find that it acted like a fine tonic, and in a few
days I began to enjoy and properly digest my food. My recovery was
rapid, and in five weeks I was a different woman. Seven bottles com-
pletely cured me, and a dozen or more of my friends have used it since."
— Mks. Maggie Wright, 12 Van Voorhis St., Brooklyn, N. Y.
How a Serious Tumor Case Was Cured.
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — Some time ago I wrote you that my regular
physician had made an examination and told me I was afflicted with a tumor
m my womb. I had backache, headache, bearing down pains and v*ry pro-
fuse menstruation. My limbs would ache so I could not s\eep and I was very
weak and nervous. I was bloated from my head to mv feet. After receiving
your letter I took Lydia K. Pinkhain's Vegetable Compound ana
Blood Purifier, and followed all the rest of your advice as near as I could,
and the tumor was expelled in pieces, and I regained my natural size. I con-
tinued taking your . Vegetable Compound for a while longer and felt like S
new woman. I cannot thank you enough for your kind advice and what your
medicine did for me. It certainly saved my life." — Mrs. Pebley S. Wnxis,
Vershire, Vt. (March 11, 1901.)
It wonld seem by tbese statements tbat women would save time
and much sickness if they would write to Mrs. Pinkham for ad-
vice as soon as any incipient illness appears. Her advice is free*
and has put thousands of women on the right road to recovery.
AfAAA REWARD. — We bare deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, fSOOO^I
\T ft* 8 1 S 1 1 3 vaica will be paid to any person who can find that the above testimonial letters I
-I* 1 1 1 1 E ! 9 are not genuine, or were published b«fore obtaining the writer's special per- I
mission. Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co^ JLjnn, Mm. |HANDBALL EXPERT
TO PERFORM HERE
James F. • Fitzgerald, world's' champion
handball player,- will -appear in -his- first
match game in this city to-morrow;-after
noon at Phil Ryan's 'court.' .With the vet
eran,- J. C. Nealon, -as partner, ..he- will
play Al -Hampton and. Joe Collins. .Fitz
gerald says he is out oL practice,. but. he
has already shown high -class form. The
other games will be:'. , .: '.' ' ' - . '\u25a0 .
P. McKinnon and M. McNeil vs. D. Rogers
and G. McDonald.,- -" , '/.., . ... v. ..,.,. .
H. J. Rogers and : P. Ryan vs.-.W. Fischer and
G.-B. Hayward. • • . '-. • .
F. Foiey and Joe Condon vs.' W.. Minchan and
Pat Foley. . . \ ..•;,- .',. -. . '
W. Williams and M. Joyce vs. Joe Lawless
and D. Cor.nolley. » - • •.-•,,
M. A. McLaughlin and P. Bosch vs.* \yilliam
Walsh' and Martin Berwin. '\u25a0 " \u25a0.\u25a0.->\u25a0
m E. Curley and R. \u25a0 Murphy vs.- W. Maguire
and Jim White. • .-...- - '- : - \u25a0 V ? '\u25a0
Great -interest is being displayed "in
handball among the students at Stanford
University, particularly among. th.6se»tak
inq; work in the gymnasium.; .,
Instructor Storey of 'the' Encinal. gymna
sium : has, turned over the matter, of. a
tournament to a committee of players, W.
F. Dunn, championiin the tournament last
year, being chairman. Up to the present
time thirty-five students- have signified
their .intention of entering the contests.'
Today the first 'series of singles -will -be
played' on the Encinal, courts. The entries
are: W. E. Fritch vs. W. F. Davis, G.
Cromwell vs. C. L. Harkins, F. O. Ellen
wood vs. W. A. Williams, -R. R. Long vs.
C. B. Hopper, L.H.Lucker vs.'E. C.-Har
kins, ;H. S. Coe -vs: A:- B. Watson." C.
Crary vs." R. H. Hamilton, H. C. Ross vs.
A.- J. Pahl, D. P. Campbell'vs. O. E.
Bremner.- - ••-'"'" " .' - \u25a0
Chairman Dunn : has received a letter
from A. B. Moulder,- ceaptaln. of the Uni
versity \u25a0 of California'^Handball:-Associa
tion, asking if arrangements can be made
for an intercollegiate tournament. It is
probable .this new - intercollegiate \u25a0' contest
will be inaugurated next March.: x
- . .. ... ..... ,. .,.,,-.:-... ......;/;.. .!„. . ;.
"^^ ONSIDERABLE [ discussion is go
f. y. ing on Just now' among the. local
W> leashmen regarding an idea. In
coursing, which, although not entirely
new. wul be a novelty to the more recent
followers of the sport. -•\u25a0,-.-• \u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0••..
The plan is to run as an. annual; semi
annual or monthly event a stake of twen
ty-four or forty-eight ; entries in heats;
that is, instead of a winner being declared
at the end of a course it will be necessary
for the hound to have -to its. credit the
best two in three or three- in five before
retiring its opponent.- ? : . ' : ~~
The idea of such, a meeting originated
with Judge John Grace arid was success
fully tried at Ingleside. Coursing Park In
1KS8 In that trial Koolawri was the win
ner' and Connell Bros.' , Log Boy the run
ner up. The affair created favorable com
ment at the' time and -would have become
a fixed event :in< coursing but for the fact
that dissension developed in the ranks of
the leashmen. This resulted in the open
ing of Union Park. More pressing matters
occupied the promoters of - the sport and
crowded the idea of the new stake ; from
thelr.mind8.i < '
"With the plains meeting but a few
weeks off the novel idea will be hailed with
delight by the owners of "long-distance"
coursers. If the stake is \u25a0 run before the
country trip it will put the dogs, in trim
for the fields and if decided after the open
meeting the entries that. have had experi
ence on the plains, will be .likely, candi
dates for honors > in such, a hard stake.
There I has always . been a ; difference . of
opinion among leashmen as to which Is
the better -attribute -in the make-up of a
greyhound, speed or stamina. To • the
trainer who follows the set; idea of P. J.
Reilly in fitting a dog for a. stake, that
is, the feeding of strong food -to the
courser that \u25a0 he may be :\u25a0 able, - to go the
long, hard' route, : this -stake '-will appeal
as the proper one' to. test the". true .merits
of a .greyhound. .. • • - -
" That Denny Healey's Sisquoc did not
reach the final of the last John Grace
Olympic Club ladies' Night.
John A. Hammersmith, leader of- the
Olympic Club, is making unusual prepara
tions for ladies' night, next Wednesday.
The special attractions will be Japanese
wrestlers and R. B. Reid, -a noted swords
inaii. The latter shows a number of.in
teresting tricks such as slicing, a lemon
and cutting Bilk ribbons, suspended in the
air. The programme will be tilled : out
•with wrestling, fencing arid boxing by the
cleverest members in the club. • .
Some«thirty representatives of the club
\u25a0will go to Vallejo this afternoon to give
an exhibition to-nlpht for the benefit of
the Vallejo Yacht Club.. - • -, \u25a0
Lowell to Meet Palo Alto.
Lowell High School's great! football
eleven will meet the Palo AHo High
School team this morning at' the"Slxteehth
Folsom -street grounds. A- fast game
is expected if the ground is not too
heavy. Lowell has not met. defeat this
feason, while Palo Alto played a tie game
with Berkeley's freshman team. The
game will be called at 30:15. i - - • •- ; .
For the first time since the war' there Is
not a negro In the North Carollan ' Legis
lature. . ._ \u25a0.;.-, - - i ,. / r-.i-i -:.'-\u25a0 \u25a0^.'^i;*-^ '
The men will enter the ring at 9:30 p. m.
for the championship - flght. v :The pre
liminaries-will be short, scrappy affairs
between boys who will fight from the
sound of the 'gong. --<• '•••--- :. . \u25a0•<'\u25a0:
• Ed -Gay -AVhlte, : the well known turf
reporter, . who is -here for the winter, was
authorized by Lou Houseman of Chicago
to challenge the winner ofthe propose!
Carter-Gardner -fight- in. ; behalf "of -his
protege, Jack Root.. \u25a0
Next' Tuesday, evening . Ar Neill - wil:
meet Mike Doroyan in; a- twenty-roun.l
bout before- the "Acme- Club, Oakland.
Donovan :is credited with haying fought
a idraw. with Rube Ferns which entitles
him to' .consideration. >: NeiH . has., not
fought here for -some: time and there is
considerable curiosity as to his : physica'
condition.' \'A -tgopdlyf attendance »is ex
pected' from .this'.side of , the bay.- ' .
T. J. McCarey, president of the Century
Athletic Club, j Los Angeles,, has asked to
have 100 seats leservedfor a party he Is
organizing. , The -railway, officials - , have
granted a one fere rate, which is expected
to induce -a large attendance from th-2
south. -. \u25a0 \u25a0 -\u25a0•\u25a0' i '".'• '
j.The ; prices of. admission fixed by the
management are: Gallery, $2; reserved
seats, $5, $7 50 and $10; boxes, ,$10,,$n
and. $20. : .' -,' -
- Jeffriesiand Ruhlin'are leaving nothing
undone which ; will place them in . the, best
of .condition, for -their, meeting -at-Me
chanics'Pavilion on • November 15. Eacli
day/ at : Harbin • Springs the champion
takes his turn/ at boxing, bag-punching,
handball! skipping the rope, on the row-
Ing machine, the pulley .weights/medicine
ball and in road work. "The nature of tliu
country Is so Interesting he can always
fall back on' the iatter to -relieve him
of the sameness of indoor exercise. \u25a0,
Ruhlin is .boxing all comers at Blank
"eh's, thus, getting, the advantage of their
various styles of going. He is a .hard
.worker and Is" on the 'go all the time. '
BOXERS TRAINING >
;? FOR BIG FIGHTS
Heat Coursing the
New Proposition
for Occasional
Stakes. *
rowing; season of 1901 came to
! #,. an end. with the ladles' day of the
J» "-.'-.. Dolphm-. Swimming and Boating
Club on the 13th Inst: The Alameda Boat
Club intended to hold its regular, regatta
for club championships In- barge and out
rigged skiffs' early in^Nov ember, but it
has been found impossible to get the
crews together.. Some of the oarsmen are
employed at night and so/ the crews can
not get regular practice. /In December
the club will. give its annual variety en
tertainment in Armory Hall, 'Alameda. '
/The. directors -of. the Olympic Club are
still • considering the question of an ath
letic field within easy reach of the citv
If the tract in East Oakland is ultimately
chosen, the propinquity '. of San Antonio
estuary and the opportunity for trainine
rowing, crews will help the- cause of oars
men greatly. ; Though some Olympic men
are- in favor- of retaining the Belvedere
boathouse '. the. facilities offered bv th»
smooth waters of Oakland Creek cannot
fall to excite enthusiasm for rowine- T^l
Olympic Boat Club proposes to hold 1
regatta on Sunday, November 3, at which
races will take place for the cub chain
pionships. -Aleck Pape has presented a
pair of sculls and other prizes will h!
given by the^ club. There will be bar«
and outngged skiff races. It was at first
proposed to give a ladies' day, but that
event has been postponed till next spring-
George James, captain of the OlvrnnF^
Club, and S. J. Pembroke, captlln of t P h£
boat club, are trying to have a tankh,,n?
in the bowling alley of the clubhousa on
Post street, so. that oarsmen can Tactic?
indoors, as they do at Yale. Harvard and
other universities In the Eastern Stated
If .they are successful in securing thfi
many Olympians are likely to tale nn
rowing,, as half an hour's practice fn th»
tank can be procured dally .white roll
at Belvedere was obtainable only ol °si n S
days by men living in g an Franbis^o"
For a crew to get jregular practice it ha4
been necessary, either to Uve at B^1vp<w!
orj to secure the . privilege C of mini fl e
Dolphin or South End bSthouse "in th!
Alameda Boating Club
Abandons Annual
iJ^i^^iHa^aJt?;
Oakland.
OLYMPIANS
WANT TANK
TO ROW IN
PLAYERS OF GOLF
AGAIN IN ACTION
, The San Francisco Golf Club will open
the winter season this afternoon at the
Presidio links with a tournament over
eighteen holes. The gross scores will
count as the « qualif ying round for the
council's cup competition, the eight low
est scorers to qualify. The net. scores,
after the handicaps have. been deducted,
will count for the handicap match tourna
ment which begins to-day. After the play
ers have qualified the matches will be
played off, each contestant receiving
three-quarters of the number of strokes
that made his handicap in the qualifying
rounds;- the handicap being applied at cer
tain holes in accoradnce with the scheme
of handicapping adopted by the tourna
ment committee. A player who receives a
handicap of one stroke has an extra
stroke on the ninth hole. One who re
ceives- two • has an extra stroke on the
ninth and eighteenth holes and so on. \u25a0
j All the local courses are in a hard con
dition " and nothing can be done, to im
prove them until after the first heavy
rains. Though the Sausalito course was
formally opened last Saturday, it is not
yet in proper condition for play, the first
and third holes not being in playable or
der. The new clubhouse will be a great
comfort and convenience to the golfers,
who have hitherto had no shelter from
the winds and storms which sometimes
sweep down the canyon around which the
course is laid. Miss Ruth Miller was
lucky.last Saturday in winning the ladles'
prizes for driving and putting after ty
ing, for. the driving- -contest, with Mrs.
Mason and for the putting . contest with
Mrs. Mason and Mrs.. Mays. Her victor
ies, however, were popular.
Among the visitors to the San Rafael
links .. last Sunday was John Lawson.
who . played with Bell, the San Rafael
professional, displaying good form.
The captain's cup of the Oakland Golf
Club, which is emblematic of the medal
play championship of the club, has now
been' won six times — twice by E. R. Fol
ger and C. P. Hubbard and once by W. P.
Johnson and F. S. Stratton. W. P. John
son was beaten in the recent contest by
only one stroke, while E. R. Folger'a high
score for. the "short" course put him put
of "the running.
GREYHOUNDS'
STAMINA TO
BE TESTED
SERKELEY, Oct. 25.— All work on
th'e \ University of California
gridiron centers around the
training of the big eleven, now
that the freshman game is over and th-.»
majority of the squad dismissed from
practice. As the result of last week's
rest while the coaches were giving the
freshmen their final instructions, the var
sity men have played faster ball than ever
before. There has been a snap to their
work in spite of days of hot weather.
This has been most encouraging to both
coaches and men. \u25a0 .
The number of men on the squad has
been decreased considerably, both from
the freshman and upper class lists. Only
those who are promising candidates for
the first eleven or are first-class secord
eleven players are kept on the field. Tho
strength of the second team has been
added to materially, by placing several
freshmen in its line-up, and from these
acquisitions are varsity possibilities.
Much practice is being done in the na
ture of individual work and among two
or more men where exact unison of move
ment is necessary for effective Playing.
Overall, the big feuard, and Quarterback
Johnny More, who will punt for Califor
nia in the intercollegiate contest, are per
fecting themselves in making place kicks
for goals. Overall is the more steady of
the two and his punting is Improving _ in
strength and accuracy. During practice
Sith the tecond eleven Overall has-been
making-tries for field goals Gendotti at
center has passed to More, who places the
THE yachting season of 1901" will
come to an end to-morrow with
the raising. of the. bridge at Tibu
ron and the 'passing of the pleasure craft
into the quiet waters of the" la.gooh." The
San Kjranciscos and Corinthians took the
closing joint cruise of the year last' Sun- :
day. more than forty .boats being under
way.- While there was a good breeze- in
the channel, elsewhere the wind was
light, so that Commodore H. D; Hawks,
v/ho led the fleet in his sloop May, did
not go over as far as Sausahto, as had
been intended, but cruised about between
Belvedere Point and Lime Point. A thick
fog hung over the city during the greater
part of. the day, bo that the parade of the
yachts along the San Francisco water
front was abandoned. The fleet presented
a pretty sight as it came out from Tibu
ron Cove toward Sausalito, and later when
theyachts were lost to view in the fog or
came suddenly out into a bright space. On
returning to their moorings many '\u25a0 of ; the
yachtsmen stripped the sails from their
boats. Other yachts will be dismantled.to
day and the remainder will be made ready
to-morrow 1 morning . for \u25a0 their -entrance;
into the lagoon. As it is high water, at
Tiburon about 11 o'clock to-morrow morn
ing, * the bridge, will be • raised shortly
alter noon, as- soon as the passengers
from the. 11 :30 boa t from San Francisco
have passed over it. The tide Is a large
.one, .having a. rise of 6 feet 3 inches, so
there will be plegty of water in the la
goon; for the .Cyachts to find suitable an
chorage. The raising of the drawbridge
will -be. under. the direction of Port Cap- :
tajn John ,H. .Keefe, and a large launch
has been engaged to tow the line \u25a0 of
yachts .into.., , the . lagoon. Several San
Eranclsco. yachts will be towed Over from.
Sausalito by Port Captain James Kitler-!
man's. launch,. America, and < will pass
through the- bridge. Among these will be
ViceX'ommodore R. S. Bridgeman's sloop 1
Thetis, J.., R.., Savory's sloop Juanita and'
yawl -Koyah The • sloop-", Mischief , . which :
has been chartered by some members -of
the San. Francisco* Ya'cht Club during the
season, will also be laid'iip in the lagoon.,
Dr. T. L. Hill's sloop Cygnus was taken
up to Escalle last Sunday and will lie in '
Corte Madera^ Creek. -The yawl Phyllis 1
will go up to Suisun marshes, and the!
sloops Nixie will spend, the winter, under,
canvas on one of the sets of ways at/l'to
uron. A. C. Lee's Surprise will beTdrawn.
upomthe beach at Old> Sausalito. ; H. R..
Simpkins' • yfewl Trambntana has already ;
•been taken to the north of the ferry slip/
To-night there will :be a dance ,;in the
San Francisco Yacht Club house,, which
will formally wind .up the season. : v .' !
.The supper at" the Corinthian Club hdusei
last Saturday night was the best that has,
ever been enjoyed by the members, :the
fish chowder, .coffee and beans - being:
served up piping' hot: 'Port Captain ond
Chief Caterer John H. Keefe has provided;
the- clubhouse with a -large range, on j
which -the. suppers on^jinks nights,, the'
New Year's day dinner* and. other feasts'
will be prepared. The closing Corinthian
jinks last Saturday were highly success
ful, coming to an. end at midnight, about
Tiburon Drawbridge
; Will Be Uplifted;
To-florrow ; at ;
L _ Tlidday. Jr
YACHTSMEN
SEEK SAFE
ANCHORAGE
will meet- the University of Nevada elev
en on the college grounds. The visiting
team defeated Reliance a week ago Satur
day in Reno by a score of 11 \u25a0•to 0. Accord
ing to this California will meet a team,
whose standard of play approaches th?.t
of its own and Stanford's. It. must be
remembered, however,' that' Reliance dIJ
not. send up its strong team.
On November 2 an eleven from the Mare
Island Navy Yurd will play California on
the campus. The team contains several
Annapolis men and is being. coached bv
Lawrence Kaarsberg., who played full
back for California in 1898.
pigskin for Overall. The work of the tr)o
has been generally successful, although
Gendotti has a fatal habit of passing the
ball too high. This makes More reacn
for the ball and delays his placing so
long that a block results. *
More is playing in reliable fashion at
quarter. Hudson has played at left end,
his position on last year's varsity eleven,
during recent practice, changing from
quarter, his original place this seasor..
He may go back and oppose More for
varsity honors.' Captain Womble has
shifted from right half back to his old
position at right end. How long he may
stay is a question, as Womble back of the
line, like Womble on the line, is hard* to
beat. Mini and Whipple are playing
halves for the most part, and Dudijn ful..
This week's practice has shown up th-i
men favorably. Albertson is playing
strong at tacklo, and Stowe and Braly, at
guard and tackle, respectively/ play
steady games. - . . "
Coaches Simpson and Hopper are devot
ing a great deal of their time in working
up interference among the players. They
are getting them to run well together and
are thus increasing the offensive powar
of the team. The defensive work con
tinues stronger than the offensive.
The following freshmen are continuing
practice on the squad: Slroud, Heitmul
ler, Howard Wilson, Gastrich, Hatch.
Hagadorn, Gage, Demerrit, Edwards. Le
wett Saeltzer Kelsey, Rlsley,
White, Graves, Kittrell, Metcalf, Wallop
and Evans. —
Next Wednesday afternoon the varsity
Cup stake is due only to coursing luck.
Out in the fog and while the anxious bet
tors were awaiting the result Slsquoc was
doing his own death' in .pursuit of a hare
that could stride a bit, too. As it was the
Petaluma dog, though conditioned to- the
moment, was handicapped by the long
work and' was not able to do, himself jus
tice In a trial with Beacon soon after. -
The course between Beacon and Rector,
which will be run at Union Coursing Park
to-morrow as the final of the John Grace
Cup • stake, will be for blood. Both dogs
have been faithfully prepared for the go
and a close score is looked for. -Beacon
will be the favorite and will probably lead
his younger opponent to the hare. Rector,
his backjers claim, will outpoint the great
blue dog in the. work and take the flag.
That the course will be fast and exciting
no. follower .of the game doubts.'...., : i ..
The Reliance Athletic Club team will
play -the big eleven on the campus to
morrow. This, date was originally sched
uled for the game with" the University of
Oregon, but the latter declined the issue,
deciding not to send down a team. • .. x
Dole at tackle, Preston. Kuhn and Sefton
at ends and Fullback Kennedy have been
starring for the second. The addition of
several*. of the freshmen players to the
second squad has strengthened ,it consid
erably. "Young" Dole, Wilbur and Sefton
of the '05 class are in the fight for the
vacancy at left end on the big eleven.
Boren, fullback on the '99 team, is on the
field again after an absence of three
weeks, due to a disabled knee. He and
Clark, '04, are also candidates for end po
sUion and they, with the freshmen men
tioned above, are making the hardest
fight on the field centered around the
end's positions. At center Lee, former
varsity center, and Hauverman are put
ting up a pretty struggle, with little to
choose between them. Back of the line
things are lively. In the fight for half
back positions Hill and Fisher seem to
have the lead. Hill's punting will certain
ly secure him his position. "Bill" Traeger
continues his place kicklng>and if the big
fellow kicks as well on November 9 as he
does in practice the cardinal rooters will
have a chance to cheer "Fluffy" even
more vigorously than they did last
Thanksgiving day. Raitt's playing of the
quarter's position cannot be improved on.
His presence behind the line holds \u25a0 the
team together In a way that no other man
in the squad can hold it." -
•Coach FIckert is satisfied with every
thing except the speed, and the lack of
that, he says, is due to the treacherous
condition of the field. The "grid" has
been so hard and the injuries resulting
from falling on it so frequent that the
men are afraid to play fast ball. The field
has not been in -shape for weeks and as
a result nearly every man . on the team
has sustained slight injuries, for the most
part sprained ankles, wrenched knees and
muscle bruises. Kenneth Cooper of last
year's team is out of the game for the
present with- a badiy. sprained ankle. It
is hoped he will be out in canvas again
soon, as he is undoubtedly the best end
on the squad. Trainer Moulton remarked
to-day that' the physical condition of the
players was as good as he could wish for,
excepting the bruises Incidental to falling
on the clods and hard ground.
The second eleven haye been putting up
an article of football that some members
of. the. big -eleven would do well to imi
tate. During the practices this week the
second team has been playing star ball,
making the big eleven fight for every inch
of. ground, i. Roosevelt at guard, "Guiby"
which hour the ferry-boat left for the
city. Most of the yachtsmen slept- on
their boafs and were up at a good hour
next marning.^to. make preparations for
the -final cruise. 7 ' ' \u25a0
. John. T. Carrier's sloop Jessie E of the
California Yacht 'Club .'is for sale. She
was designed, and built by her owner and
is constructed with great strength. She
took- second place to E. F. Sagar's Edna
in .:the 36-fbot class at - the last annual
regatta of the Pacific Interclub Yacht
Association; - • \u25a0 •\u25a0-•-\u25a0 - • : m
.It As expected, that F.--A: Hyde, the wellS
known attorney and president of the Au
tomobile Club, who^is-now in the Eastern
States, will bring back with him plans for
a new, yacht, to be fitted with an auxiliary
engine, i She .will be, built here and will
be enrolled in the fleet of the San Fran
cisco Yacht -Club. ' • .\u25a0-\u25a0*- '
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct.
25.— With but two weeks inter
vening before 'the intercollegiate
..game and but eight days more
of actual hard practice, exclusive of
games, the Stanford football eleven is not
showing the speed the men should have
developed at this stage of the season.
COLLEGE COACHES ARE JEALOUSLY WATCHING
PHYSICAL CONDITION OF FOOTBALL PLAYERS
The members of the tournament com
mitee are in favor, of having a continuous
tournament again.' There have been two
events of this kind in the past and while
they are popular at first they are short
lived. This is not a good time of the
year for a continuous tournament, as
there is a tournament scheduled for every
other Sunday. Affairs of this kind would
be more successful in the summer months.
There will probably be a class singles
tournament on the park courts to-morrow.
An event of this kind "would prove inter
esting, as the players are evenly matched.
Routh and Dunlap, the park champions
in doubles, have challenged Collier and
Crowell of the California Club to a match
to be. played on the park courts. The
park experts are anxious ' to have the
match played to-morrow, but Collier and
Crowell are not in favor of this. It will
probably be played next Sunday.
By winning the third class without lcs
ing a set Charles Kuehn showed he 13
easily the best man in that class. Kuehn
did not take to the game readily at first,
but of late has shown improvement. He
will probably remain in the same class for
the present.
The fourth class, composed of the new
members of the club, was won easily by
G. N. Armsby. He won his matches in
straight sets, none of which were deuce
sets. This was Armsby's first tournament.
He will hereafter play in the third class.
The five class winners will play off to
morrow for first honors. The drawing
and handicaps are as follows: Brown,
first class, a bye; R. N. Whitney, cham
pionship class, will allow Armsby, fourth,
class, odds of "half forty"; Strlngham.
second class, will allow Kuehn. third
class, odds of "fifteen."
As was expected Frank Strlngham went
through the second class with little diffi
culty. Cornell was considered to have an
even chance with him, but was badiy
beaten through lack of practice. Strins
ham, who formerly represented the Uni
versity of California, has been improving
rapidly since he took yp the game and
will probably be near the head of the first
class In a few months.
THE class singles tournament held
last Sunday on the courts of the
California Tennis Club was the
largest that club has ever held. The en
try list, thirty-four players in all. was
fully twice as large as usual and tho
matches were nearly all close.
The one match in the championship
class was a disappointment, as George
Whitney withdrew after the second set
and the match went to hi3 brother at set
all.
' Fred Brown, the University of Califor
nia crack, who carried off first-class
honors, played a steady game throughout,
and his victory was a well-earned one.
Collier was a slight favorite, but Brown
was a trifle too strong for him and re
tired him In the 'final round.
MEMBERS OF STANFORD TEAM AND SNAPSHOT OF A SENSATIONAL PLAY IN A RECENT GAME.
. k \ ; ' \u25a0• \u25a0' V FROM PHOTOGRAPHS BY TABER.
\u25a0 The car of "W. M. Linnell, containing
eight horses from Chicago, backed up at
Oakland yesterday. Alaska and Goal Run
ner are about the best ones, the former
proving a very useful animal in the dis
tance races at Harlem, -and. Hawthprne
tracks.
C H. Pettingill, presiding steward of the
New California Jockey Club, wires Gen
eral Manager Price from- New. York' that
O'Connor and possibly Shaw and Wonder
ly will leave for California at the close
cf the Morris Park meeting. Redfern,
Builman and Mounce will fill engagements
at Aqueduct before heading this way. Mr.
Pettingill himself will be here Novem
ber L . . -.- _\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0;
\u25a0 According to latest report George Rose
will not start . for. California before De
cember 1. • . - .
\u25a0 Handsome "Jim" Norvell is a recent ar
rival. It will be sad news for the fair sex
to learn that Jim brings with him a blush-
Ing bride. He has been flooded with con
gratulations from his many friends out
thio way.
Phil Hamill. cashier for Barney Schreib
er, is also on the ground. \u25a0
THE prospects for a great season of
winter racing never looked brighter
than they do at present. The sta
bles at Oakland track are crowded to
overflowing with horses, and many more
stables will soon be on the way here from
Chicago and Xew York. The "boosters"
for the New Orleans game in the Eastern
country are claiming everything in sight
and knocking California, as usual, but a
comparison of the two winter racing cen
ters is about as striking as Is the intellect
cf a South African gorilla pitted against
ihe brain of a college professor.
Last season Charley Ellison won in the
neighborhood of $50,000 out here, but be
cause Tommy Burns, the jockey, could
not swell it to suit his own peculiar tastes
and departed in a fit of the sulks, Ellison
will not pay us a visit this year. Burns
reflects no credit on the sport, and with
Spencer, Builman, Nash Turner, O'Con
nor, Cochran, "Wonderly, Redfern,
Mounce, Ransch, MeCue, possibly Shaw
and boys of that caliber, the irrepressible
and uncertain Tommy will not be missed.
Sam Hildreth will winter the pick of his
stable at Memphis and race the poorer
ones at Xew Orleans, 'tis said. Still, it is
barely possible California can bear with
this great misfortune, for others and big
ger stables will be out to replace the va
cancy.
Anent the oponing handicap, the stellar
attraction for Saturday, Xovember 2, such
a superb lot of entries were never before
received for this event. Beyond question
Watercure, from the stable of Green Mor
ris, will be allotted top weight. The son
of Watercress Is a very "classy" fellow
and ought to play leads in all of the
swagger events throughout the season.
Then there are Favonius, Nones, Gray
feld. La Goleta, Articulate, Autolight. Sir
Hampton, Rey Dare, Hard Knot, Eeau
Ormonde, The Fretter and other good
ones to furnish brain food for Handicap
per Brocks. It will insure a field fit 1.0
grace an opening "day on any of the big
metropolitan tracks.
The long-range prognosticators are fig
uring on fourteen or lifteen books cutting
in the first day at Oakland. There will be
tho two field books of Rainey & Driscoll
and the combination book of \V. J. Lang
ford to start with. It is reasonably cer
tain that Caesar Young, Joe Rose, Jim
Davis, Joe Harlan, Paul Ridley, Johnny
Coleman, Hughey Jones, Jack Atkins,
Herman Hoffman and Barney Schreiber
.will toe the mark, with several new firms
to be heard from. Mere than likely Billy
.Connors will also be on the block for Aus
tin & Co. of Denver.
"English Bill 1 -' Jackman, reported to be
S2S.O00 winner booking on the New York
track, will make a. visit to Australia be
fore coming back to California. Joe Rose,
\u25a0who, it is said, quit the season about $10,
000 loser, has a half interest in the Jack
man book.
High-Class Field Will
Start in Opening
Handicap—The
Bookies.
HORSEMEN
ARE READY
AT OAKLAND
Winners in Sunday's
Class Tournament
Are to Play in
Finals.
TENNIS MEN
ACTIVE ON
TH E COURTS
THE SAN FKANCI SCO CALL; SATURDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1 90 1 .
SPORTS - FOOTBALL, BOXING, COURSING, BASEBALL
10Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and ; Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
.Waters at JFort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
_^ thority of .the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide la the same at both places.
SHIELDS— Sailed Sept 14— Ital ." ship - Salva
tore Clamoa, for San Francisco. . • : . - .:->
S ANTOS-Sailed Sept 16-Ger . bark . Bertha,
for Portland, Or (not as before). " .
LONDON— Sailed Oct 10— Br ship Belford, for
Seattle. - \u25a0--..-..,
.. . TSINTAN— Sailed SeDt 21— Dan bark Prin
cess Marie, . for < Tacoma. . . ... V
o. • .i. OCEAN STEAMERS. v [
'.YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Empress
of • India, 'from Vancouver, for Hongkong.
• MANILLA— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Hyson, from
Tacoma. .'.via HioEO, eto • f or London.
KOBE— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Yangtse, from
Taeoma, for • Suez.
• ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Vader
land, from New. York, via Cherbourg:.
COCHIN— Sailed Oct 21— Stmr Kaisow, from
Tacoma, via Hlogro, etc, for England.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 25— Stmr Georglc,
for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 25— Stmr New
England, from Liverpool, for Boston.
MOVILLE— Sailed Oct 2Z— Stmr Luiscian,
from Liverpool, for Montreal.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Oct 25— Stmr Au
guste Victoria, from Hamburg, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Campa
nia, from Liverpool and Queenstown.
GENOA— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Hohenzollern,
from New York, via Gibraltar and Naples.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Auguste
Victoria, from Hamburg and Southampton, for
New York.
Steamer Movements.
. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28. ' .
Sun' rises :. 6:23
Sun' sets ' 5: IS
Moon sets .'...*. 5:12 a.m.
. > Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
... L. W H W . L. W . H AV
26 ... 3:36 1.4 9:54 6.1 4:18—0.4 11:10 5.1
27 ... 4:18 1.7 10:25 6.3 6:08-0.8 ...... .....
H W L W H W L W
28 .1 0:06 5.1 5:00 2.0 11:14 6.4 6:59—1.1
29 .. 1:00 6.1 '5:45 2.4 11:56 6.3 6:4S — 1.1
30 ... 1:56 5.0 .6:34 2.7 12:45 .6.2 7:41—1.0
31 .. 2:56 4.9 7:30 2.9 1:36 6.0 8:39—0.7
1 "... 3:56 4.9 -8:36 3.2 2:36 6.5 ' 9:39 —0.4
-NOTE— In tho above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of • the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in ad
dition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters. _ . . ,
BOY SOLDIER DISCHARGED — United
States District Judge do Haven yesterday dis
charged George A. Enemark on a writ of
habeas corpus. George is not yet of age. and
without his parents' consent enlisted In the
Coast Artillery stationed at the Presidio.
Declares Legal Holiday.
Mayor Phelan issued . a proclamation
yesterday declaring Tuesday. November
5. 1901, a legal holiday. This action Is in
conformity with an act authorizing
Boards of Supervisors of municipalities
to declare holidays. The board passed an
ordinance declaring days on -which
municipal elections are held to be holi
days. - - ' -.
"When the case of Charles Roland, a
union teamster charged with roUbing a
special officer, was called in Judge Cook's
court Wednesday for arraignment, his at
torney made a motion for dismissal on the
ground of bias on the part of the Grand
Jury in returning the indictment." ' Thir
teen grand jurors appeared. in court yes
terday and swore that they had not been
biased. The judge denied the motion, and
.the defendant was arraigned. He pleaded
not guilty. The case was set for trial on
November 8. ' . , .
Grand Jury Not Biased.
Bids for Street "Work.
\u25a0 The Board of Public Works opened bids
yesterday for the repavins of threo
blocks. The ljwest bids were: For re
paying Sutter street, between Stockton
and Grant avenue, with basalt blocks,
from "Union Paving and Contracting Com
pany, $3357 20; for repaving Jackson street,
between Montgomery and Sansome, with
bitumen, from City Street Improvement
company, $2328 50; repaying easterly half
of Scott street, between Grove and Ful
ton, with bitumen, from J. J. Dowling,
$1198 80. \u25a0 - '.. ....
CHAUFFEURS RUN
TO CLIFF HOUSE
Automobiles Will Be Dec-
orated With Gay Chir
nese Lanterns.
The Automobile Club of California will
hold a moonlight run to the Cliff House
to-night, weather permitting. • Members
and their friends are requested to rendez
vous with their self-propelled carriages at
the corner of Golden Gate and Van Ness
avenues at 7:30 p. m.' punctuallyv : --P. ; F.
Rockett, a well-known chauffetir, -has
been appointed captain of the run and re
quests the automobillsts to decorate their
machines with Chinese lanterns, that tho
parade may be rendered an attractive
spectacle. On . the arrival .at the Cliff
House the chauffeurs will be received by
J. M. Wilkins, who has reserved the large
parlor -for the use of the party. Light
refreshments will; be served and a short
programme of vocal and instrumental
music has been prepared. In which. : Mrs.
P. F. Rockett and the California Quartet,
consisting of C..T. Wendell, R. W. Smith,
A. A. Bolkin and G. G. McBairi. will take
part. The • chauffeurs are displaying a
good deal of Interest in the affair. It is
expected that about forty automobiles will
take part in the outing. . \u25a0-\u25a0-;
Helped to Send Two Young Girls
With a Procuress to Van-.
- - \u25a0 - - • \u25a0 • couver, B. C.
William Hen3ey, a bartender, was ar
rested, by Detective Anthony yesterda/
and booked at the City Prison on a.
charge of abducting Sadie Cook of 1-iol
Folsom street and Bessie Vincent of 2013
Powell street, ooth under IS years of age.
for the purpose of placing them in a dis
reputable house in Vancouver, B. (X
The girls were introduced by Hensey to
Blanche Lewis, a procuress from Van
couver, in a beer hall on O'Farrell streac
about two weeks ago and the woman in
duced them to leave with her * on . the
steamer City of Puebla on October 15.
Captain Seymour was notified of their
disappearance and he wired to Chief
Langley of Victoria, B. C. to arrest tho
girls on the arrival' of the steamer ani
hold them. They were arrested, an-1
Detective Anthony was sent to brin<f
them back. He arrived with them Thurs
day.
The girls told Captain Seymour of how
they became acquainted with the Lewis
woman and that Hensey had been paid
$10 for each of . them as commission.
Anthony was at once instructed to arrest
Hensey, which he did.
BARTENDER HENSEY IS
ARRESTED FOR ABDUCTION
Johnny BeifE Blameless.
LONDON, Oct. 25.— Johnnie Reiff, the
American Jockey, was to-day exonerated
from all blame as a result of the charge
of, fouling: brought against him yesterday
by Madden, who rode Giglio, the winner
of the Hermitage Plate at the Sandowne
races. Reiff rode William C. Whitney's
De Lacy, which came in second.
J. R. Keene's Brother to Wild Fowler
(Maher) won the Hook Plate, distance five
fur long-s , at the Sandowne Park autumn
meeting to-day. Mr. Keene's Running
Stream (Maher) won the Temple Handi
cap, distance, five furlongs. • • Semiramis
(Jenkins) won the Grande Plate, distance
two miles. *
GOOD ENTRY
EOR BICYCLE
ROAD RACE
Last of Big Contests
of the Year WJllS
Be Decided To- 4
Morrow.
mmHE ten-mile handicap bicycle road
Jr. race.: the last of the big
-'\u25a0*:«.": events of the year, ; will ' b,e^deci8ed
to-morrow over the far-famed.San^^an
dro "triangle" course, under, the. auspices
of- the Calif ornia Associated Cyclists! ".The
race attracted an entry of flfty-aeven rid
ers. Twenty- four, prizes are offered. - ,• \
Chairman M. C. Rambo and t jp mem
bers of the Road' Racing. Committee havG
selected a new course for • the race. In
stead of being straightaway, with the fin
ish in Haywards, as, in -former- years, the
race .will finish \ on -the. "triangle." The
riders will start a quarter of a mile south
ofElmhursf power-house. They wilVpass
through San Leandro-'to the Hayward3
and San -Lorenzo turn,- thence to. tile tank
corner and to. the usual finish near San
Leandro. The riders, with their handicaps,"
are as follows: _ .-\u25a0
Walter Davidson,. J. -Hobson, - Fred-
West, B. C. W.; Lace Downing, P. MoDonald,
Ed Wastie, • Burton Downing. G.' C. W.^ C." L.
Braun, -C. C. C. - - ,- r:
One minute and thirty seconds handUcap^C.
Limberg,, C. Marty, E. Agraz. G. C. W.;'a
Davis, H. D. Bean; Walter Demara, A.
Rusac, B. C. W.; A. T. Smith. O. W.;L;-E.
ClHton,- C. C. C' \u25a0 • \u25a0• "
Two minutes-rGeorg© Kroetz, N. Boree. S." F.
W.'; ,H. L. Newson. C. ' Long," J. Slmmonds,
B." C- W-; C- Pfeiffer, C. C. C. f
Two minutes' and fifteen seconds— W. Wieble.
M. Gray. G. C. W. • I. R." Lind. Frank Marisch,
B.-C.-.W.; -A. Roberts. G. Boree. S. F. W.;
R. O. : W. / - : ;
Two minutes and thirty aeconds— O. D. Craw
ford '\u25a0 and. R. A. Henderson, S. F. W. ; E. E.
Bergman, ,'C." C. C. ; C Hilton and P. Castro,
G.VC.W. ;•'!., Inglis, B. C. W., and H. K.
Briow.'O. .\V. '; ,
• Two" minutes and forty-five aeconds— W. Puga
and E. Holden, S. F. W. ; F. McNulty and
A.i Zimmerman. C. C. C; G. Keith. G. C. W.;
P. Murray and F.,Grey. B. C. W.. and W.
Lane, O. W. \u25a0
Three minutes-— J. rGuehrlng, N. C. R. C. ;
T. Balllster. C. C. C.J.W. D. Stoddard, O. C.
W.; R. Mayerhofer. A. P. Phillips and E.
Etienne, B. C- W.
Three minutes and -fifteen seconds — G. B«rry
esaa and : E. Hoffman, S. F. W.; R. A. Cl»u
tler, H. Nicolson, C. McLaughlln and J. Keof e,
B.C. W. : .: [\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 ..... ... ..
The officials who will have charge of the
race are: ' ; - * ;".'*-. \u25a0>•;\u25a0.• :
Referee. E. B. Learning; • starter, J. W.
Leavltt; judgea, H. L. Day, F. Muller, Gus
Seigfried; Frank W. Smith, Frank Carroll. L.
O. Sill. H. H. Varney; timers. J. W. Leavitt.
Frank Bollo, Fred Evans, Frank Bush, Jo«
Lewla, C. C. Hopkins ; clerk of course, George"
B. Dlxon; scorers, Peter Morin, W. C. Hofer,
A. Moffatt H. E. Warren. , Joseph Holle, H.
Yost. R. Main. C. Lamkin. W. F. Peddler;
marshals, L. M. Bauman, W. H. Flogg.
George Klaumann. Fred E. Muller, 1 ' Fred R.
Miller, W. Townley, E. F. Hennlng; checkers.
M. O. Griffith, John Kelly. Fred Gilman and
Emil Langnetin; chairman road racing com
mittee, \u25a0 M. C. Rambo.
The race is scheduled to start at 11 a. m.
Officials and contestants will leave here
on the 8:30 boat.
NEW PAGING
RECORD FOR
LITTLE BOY
Driyen »by His Owner
He Cuts Quarter
*"• Secoiiui pff Old
,-'>Uvr'vMark.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Oct. 25.-LJttla
v-Boy, -driven by his owner, C. K.
B. 7 Billfngs of Chicago, to-day
lowered" his own world's pacing record to
w . a ? 0I ?,by, a quarter of a second, doing tha
mil$an,2:0I3£\
-Accompanied by two runners. Little Boy
was' sent at a terrific pace and when ho
passed under the wire for the start wa3
extending himself to the limit. Like a
piece of clockwork, the gelding reached
the quarter in :30%. Down tho back
stretch a new runner was waiting to take
him to the turn for home. The half was
made .in 1:01*4 and the three-quarters in
1:31%. Turning, for .the last quarter. Mr.
Billings steadied Little Boy for the final
effort and he -dashed under the wire with
out a break fn 2:0% Results:
.2:10 class pacing, JlOOO-^Baron B won tb.« sec
ond and third heats In 2:13%. General Agent
\u25a0WJSn-Xhe- first heat .In ~ 2:10Vi. \u25a0 International
Queen. Signal Bells, George Starr and Maud B*
also started. ' ... , \u25a0- • \u25a0\u25a0 •* _ .• .
• 2:12- class trotting:, $2000— Palnr Leaf won th»
second and third heat* in- 2:12. 2:13. Miss Whit-
Jiey^won the first: heat !n-2:ll& Leola and
.Miss Duke also started. .-.,-.
. .2:08 class pace, purse $1000 (unflnlah?d)— Tom.
Nolan, won- the. third and fourth heats In 2:08^.
2:03. ; . Will Leyburn. won the first and second
heata.in 2:07, 2:C63v lone. Major Muacovlte,
Split. Silk; Don Riley, Dunlon, Oh So and
Martha : Marshall also started.
. To-, beat -2:01%. 'world's pacing record to
wagon— Little Boy. b. g., by Kenton. dam Jen
nie, by Longfellow (C. K. B. Billings), Tims,
:30&. IMftAl'Mfc 2:01%.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Du£ .
S'th Portland.. Seattle ..........|Oct. 26
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma... Oct. 26
Coronado....... San tedro .....: Oct. 2$
Newburg San Pedro .'. Oct. 26
Alliance.' Portland & Coos Bay.. Ocl. 2t>
Titania... Nanaimo Oct. 26
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 27
O. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria.... |Oct. 27
6an Jose Panama & Way Ports Oct. 27
Pomona........ Humboldt .............. Oct. 27
Matteawan Tacoma ..'. Oct." 27
Maria Nanaimo .......:..:..... Oct.' 28
Sequoia Humboldt '....... Oct. 28
Uival... Willapa Harbor ....... Oct. 28
Robt Dollar.. Seattle and Hadlock... Oct. 28
Mackinaw Tacoma Oct. 28
Corona.....' San Pedro & Way Pts. Oct. 29
Edith .....'* Seattle- Oct. 29
K.urpka...;.... Humboldt Oct. 29
,W. H. Kruger. Tillamook Bay ..Oct., 29
Curacao....... Mexican Ports.. Oct. 29
Gaelic... China and -Japan.:..... Oct. 29
Walla Walla'.. 1'uget Sound Ports Oct. 29
G. Dollar.,....'. Grays Harbor Oct.- 29
North Fork.... Humboldt ...: Oct. So
Alameda....... Honolulu Oct.'-' 30
J. S. Kimball. Seattle and Tacoma.... Oct. 31
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & "Way Pts. Oct. 31
Pclnt Arena... Point Arena ...'. :. Oct. 31
Columbia Z Portland and Astoria.. Nov.- 1
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom Nov. 1
' \u25a0' TO SAIL. J
Steamer. Destination.. Sails. Plar.
' . i ' October 2O. : ...
South Coast.. Humboldt .......... 10 am Pier 2
Thyra......... China and Japan.. ....... Pier 27
Newburg...'.." Graya Harbor.;:... 5 pm Pier 2
j£uieka.. .:... Humboldt .....'..... > am Pier 13
Point Arena. Point - Arena ..'.... 2 pm Pier 1
Noyo...:. Humboldt '. 6 pm Pier 2
Coronado...'.. Seattle direct ...... '5 pm Pier 2
October -27. '/. ." '
Loa Valparaiso & Way 12 mlPler 10
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 amjPier 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way 9 am Pijr 11
\u25a0 October 28. '
San Juan Panama & Way Pts 12- m PMS.S
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
October 20. < •
Alliance...... Portland & C. Bay 9 am Pier —
Empire...'.... Coos Bay '..;... 4 pm Pier 13
Bonita...:...." San Pedro & Way 9 am Pier 11
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier' 3
Pomona...... Humboldt ..'..."..... 1:30 p Pier 9
October 30. . .
State of Cal.: San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Leelanaw NV Y. via Panama. '2 pm Pier 10
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 ami Pier 24
\u25a0 October 31. •
Arcata C. Bay & Pt Orford 10 am Pier 13-
City of Pekin China & • Japan.:.. 1 pm PMSS .
Sequoia....... Humboldf '. 5 pm Pier 2
Rival......... Willapa Harbor.... 12 m 5th St.
• . \u25a0 .- November 1. \u25a0\u25a0 ,.
Q. Dollar....". Graya Harbor ::.. 5 pm Pier 2
._ / . November L 2.
Alameda..... Honolulu ....:...... '2 pm Pier .7
'Walla, Walla. Puget ! Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
North Fork.. Humboldt ..'........ 9 am Pier •: 2
American.... Honolulu : Pier 20
\u25a0-\u25a0: •••\u25a0"\u25a0 - FROM! SEATTLE.
.'\u25a0t ' Steamer. . . From. . , " j Dn».
Dolphin........ Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. "27
Dlrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 31
City of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov.- 1
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Porta. Nov. -'3
Merchandise for- Australia.
The steamer Sonoma, which sailed Thursday
for Sydney . and way ports, carried a general
cargo valued at $254,255, manifested and des
tined as follows: For Australia, $174,756: -New
Zealand, $56,473; Samoa, $4098; South Africa,
$18,938/ The following were the principal ship
ments: ' *'l <\u25a0
. To Australia— 5576 v bxs apples, 77. pkg« agri
cultural • implements, 300 cs boots and shoes,
1869 cs canned Roods, 18,000 lbs codfish, 23 cs
cereals, 8117 lbs coffee, 63,178 lbs 69 pksra dried
fruit, 27 ca drugs, 625doors, 22 pkgs dry-goods,
7 pkes groceries, 15 .bales hose, 28,320
lbs hops, 22 bxs lemons, 14 pkgs • leather, 196
kegs lead, 252 cs 63 pkgs metal polish, 62 pkgs
machinery, 1950 lbs nuts. 29 bales overalls, . 100
era on.lons, 39 pkgs i paint, 254 pkga raisins,
22,311 cs 930 bbls salmon, 62 cs scales,' 3291 lb?
shrlmpg, 200 lbs tallow, 300 gals whale oil, 2
cs wine. • • . . \u25a0 . \u25a0
• To New Zealand— 795 bxs apples, 38 pkgs ag
ricultural implements, 3 era blcycfts, 10 cs
beer, 10 bales" broomcorn. 19 \u25a0 cs boots and
shoes, 500 lbs beans, 2320 cs canned goods," 109,
684 lbs 14 pkgs drtfe'd fruit, 30 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 3790 lbs 12 bales hops. 162 lbn
ham, 9 cs liquors, 4000 ft lumber. 20 ca . 389
pkga metal polish, 6 pkgs machinery, 11 bales
overalls, 35 cr« onions, 421 pkga paper, 26
coils rope, 25 bdls roofing, 999 pkga raisins, 1719
cs salmon, 4 cs stationery, 500 gals wine.-.,
\u25a0To Samoa — 4694 lbs bread. 76 era potatoes, 38
cs-,canned KOOds, 40 bbls flour, 820 lbs mill-
BtfltTs, 118 - pkgrs groceries and provisions, 1688
lbs rice, 114 lbs butter. 15,225 ft lumber, 144 ca
2 bbls salmon, 100 gals coal oil, 4 cs dry goods,
306 lbB ham, 3 pkgs beer, 16 pkgs millwork, 21
pkgs druKS, 8 . cs ' hardware, 160 pkga • dried
fruit. 2S8 i Iba nuts, 10 boxes apples, 8 era
onions.
To South Africa— 663 cs canned xoods, 4150
cs salmon, 662 cs dried fruit.
Grain for Europe.
The Austrian steamer Klek was cleared yes
terday for ' Antwerp with 96,248 ctls barley
valued at J84.200, 17,954 ctla rye valued at J14,
300 and 37.000 ft lumber dunnage valued at
JE55.
The German ship Melpomene was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with 44,-
S»63 ctla barley valued at $39,300, 15,481 ctls
wheat valued at $13,800 and 25,000 ft lumber
dunnage valued at $375.
The British ship Ollvebank was also cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with 95.
704 ctla wheat valued at' $95,700 and 31,000 ft
lumber dunnage valued at $415. ;
A Cargo for Tahiti.
\u25a0 The steamer Australia, which sailed Thurs
day for Tahiti, carried a large cargo valued
at. $58,309, exclusive of two shipments of Chil
ean dollars valued at 13341. The principal ex
ports were as follows: 567 lbs butter, 265 ctla
barley, 42 bales bass, 37 cska bottled beer, 64
crts bicycles and sundries, \u25a0 16 cs boots and
shoes, £0,183 lbs El pkgs bread, 5376 lbs bran,
481 lbs 2s cs cheese, SG30 lbs 11 sks beans, 322 Vs
canned, goods, 1270 - gals coal oil, 5 c8 coffee,
20 bblB cement, 31 cs drugs, 305 lbs dried fruit,
113 pk?s dry goods, 2383 bbls flour, 156 ska
feed, 405 pksra fruit and vegetables, 1653 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 313 pkgs hardware, 17
bales hay, 122 lbs 4 cs ham, 3397 lbs lard, 11
pkga leather,- 73,177 ft 699 pes lumber,' 21fi lbs
middlings, 9S pkgs millwork, 124 pkgs machin
ery,-662 lbs nuts, 23 pkga nails, 153 era pota
toes and onions, 140 pkgs produce, 650 lbs peas.
105 pkss paints and oils. 146.439 lbs rice, 89
colls rope, 1649 lbs rolled barley, 9655 lbs sugar,
31 crs stoves, 43 cs ooap, 787 cs 11 bbls sal
mon, 28 bdls shooks, 15 bales twine, 66 pes
timber, • 8726 gale wine, 25 ctla wheat, 29 pkgs
wire,. 61 pkgs carriage and wagon material.
There was a bad break yesterday over
the spot where Atch Rock used to rear its
peak. The work of blowing • up. the
"menace to navigation" has not proved
to be the success expected, and instead of
a thirty foot depth at.low water there is
not eight feet in some parts. The'dredger
now employed by the contractors does not
seem to make any appreciable impression
and almost every time the bucket comes
up empty. • /
Yesterday, a heavy swell rolled in
through the Golden Gate, and in conse
quence the location of Arch Rock looked
somewhat like the Potato Patch after a
southwester. During • the coming winter
the rock will have to be buoyed, or else it
will be a worse -menace to navigation than
it was in the early days of the port.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Italian ship F. S. Ciampa is chartered
for- wheat to Europe, 25s. The British ship
Uarflllan was chartered prior to arrival. to load
wheat at Portland, and .the Galena at Tacoma
for Europe, 3£s.
The United States Government has chartered
the \u25a0 British steamer Crusader to load sup
plies at Portland for Manila.
The. American shin Lucile will load coal at
Oyster Harbor for Klhel.
The Dutch ship Neaerland missed her can
celinc date and was rechartered at 32s 6d. to
load wheat for Europe.
TROUBLE AT ARCH \u2666ROCK.
THE Kosmos liner Ramses , arrived
from Hamburg yesterday after, a
fair run of 103 days. \ She Stopped
at all South and Central American
' '\u25a0'- ports, and " carried ' many passen
gers arid much cargo in but , only
brought five travelers and 750 tons of mer
chandise here. The passengers were:
C. A. Davis, R. Ferguson, Mrs. L. M.
Gray, W. Lent and George L. Titus. . :
While the Ramses was at Coclmlo, Dr.
Cerro Torri, the surgeon of the vessel,
committed suicide by cutting his throat
with a razor. He joined the vessel at
Cadiz, Spain.
Hel'pdrich, a sailor, jumped overboard
twice between Genoa and Cadiz, and was
placed In prison in the latter port.
Schaffer, another sailor, became insane
and was left at Manta, Ecuador.
The Bamses brings advices regarding
the explosion of twenty-five pounds of
powder" on the Kosmos steamer Totmes,
in latitude 24 degrees south. The third
officer was killed and the chief steward
seriously injured. The officers of the
Ramses heard the news at Callao.
The steamship went to Long wharf,
Oakland, where she will discharge a lot of
nitrate. After that she will go to the
Sound to take, on a lot of flour, and will
then complete her loading here for Eu
rope.
The Totmes, on which the explosion oc
curreai-^wlH be due here November* 10,
\u25a0while'! the Sesostris, now on thai Sound,
will get here about next Wednesday, and
will sail November 7 for Hamburg.
THE BLOWING UP OF ARCH ROCK HAS NOT HELPED MATTERS MUCH IN THE ., BAY. : THERE" 19 ONLY A
DEPTH OF! TEN FEET AT LOW "WATER OVER THE PLACE WHERE THE ROCK WAS AND YESTERDAY
IT WAS BREAKING AI>L OVER THE SPOT." . . • V ; v . . .
Shipping^Intelligence.
ARRIVED. - - \u25a0• iV=»f*: .
Friday, October. 25.; .
" Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 28 houra from Eureka.
• Stmr - Arcxta. - Nelson, 61 hours from Coos
Bay. - • ' -v
Stmr "Whitesboro, Olsen, 27 hours from Cle
one. \u25a0 . • \u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 -• \u25a0 .•
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. 36 hours from Eu-*ka, '
Stmr Navarro, Olsen,.: 28 hours from l.'..rdy
Creefc. . - •.-.•-«
\u25a0 Stmr Chlco, . Jensen,' • 20 hours from. Fort
Brags. •'\u25a0 '> " • - •\u25a0 '• • ''• • '
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 104 . hours ; f ronv { Ta
coma. \u25a0 • a \u25a0. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 :\u25a0 - : '-\u25a0 .':\u25a0••\u25a0 '' •
U a atmr Albatross. Mosher, from cruise.
Nor stmr Thyra, Edwardsen, 3 days rfrom
Portland : put in to finish : loading, s .. , •
Ger stmr Ramses, Bedenborgr, 103 days from
Hamburg, etc; from San Diego 2 dayij,
Ger ship Christel, Wurthmann,- 136 days from
Bremen.
Schr Monterey, Panzer, 32 hours from Little
River. „
CLEARED. .
Friday, October 23. -
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego;
Qoodall, Perkins & Co. - ., . ; ,
. Aub stmr Klek, Klssellck, Antwerp; G W-
McNear.
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey, Victoria; Swayne,
Hoyt & Co.
Br ship Ollvebank, Toungr, Queenstown; G "W
McNear.
Ger nhip Melpomene, Dreler, Queenstown; G
W McNear. ' .
Bark R P Rithct, McPhall, Honolulu;' Welch
& Co. \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0'- " '
S?hr ArfiKO, Mclntosh, Unga; Lynde &
Hough Company. . \u25a0--» . •
• /• ' \ SAILED.." .
? a >•> £ I* — H»-§ Friday, October 25r
Stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, Nanaimo.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr- Mandalay, Reed, Coqullle River.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle. . :
Stmr Sequoia,' Winkle, . ">« . . . \u25a0
Ship Lucile, Seel, Oyster Harbor and Ka
hului. . . • .-,-%,
Ship C F. Sarcent, Melville, Seattle.
\u25a0 SPOKEN. - . "* ;..,
Per Ger ship Chrlstel^On Sept 16, lat' 25 S,
Ion 84 W, Ger ship Marie; from Caleta Buena
for Hamburg; reported all well.'
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Oct 24— Nor ship Tythonus, from
Fleetwood for Valaaraiso, was destroyed' by
fire at sea. Crew landed at Buenos Ayres to
day by bark James H Hamlen.
U S stmr Bear at Port Townsend Oct '25
for Nome, reports speaking Br schr Umbrlna
with 515 seal skins.
MEMORANDUM.,
Per Ger ship Christel— Sept 19 John Birs,
carpenter, 28 years of age, a native of Ger
many, was lost overboard. "
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 25, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SE, velocity 6 miles per hour.'
; \u25a0 .\u25a0 . DOMESTIC PORTS. ; -
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived Oct 25— Stmr
Bonita, from ; stmr San Pedro, hence
Oct 23. i
Sailed Oct 25— Stmr Alcazar, for Eureka;
sXjcar Bcnita, for ! San Francisco; stmr New
burg, for San Francisco; stmr San Pedro, for
San. Dieco.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 25— Schr Sadie, for San
Pedro; stmr Mackinaw, for San Francisco;
Btmr Asuncion, for San Francisco; Ger stmr
Sesostrls, for Seattle.
Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Columbia, from San
Francisco.
PORTLAND— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Fulton/
from San Francisco; stmr George W Elder,
from San Francisco.
Sailed Oct 25— Ger ship Rlckmer Rickmers,
for Queenstown. -
GREENWOOD— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Green
wood, hence Oct 24. Oct 22— Stmr Alcatraz,
hence Oct 21, and Bailed Oct 23 for San Pedro.
EUREKA— Ready for sea Oct 25— Brig Con
suelo, for Honolulu!
Arrived Oct 24— Schr Eureka, from San
Pedro. Oct 25— Stmr Pomona, hence Oct '24;
schr Laura Pike, hence Oct 16. i .
Sailed Oct 25— Schr Louis, for Melbourne;
schr Transit, for Melbourne.
Arrived Oct 25— Schr Emma Claudlna, hence
Oct 20; stmr - Alllanca, from Coos Bay; stmr
North Fork, hence Oct 24.
ASTORIA— Arrived . Oct 25— Stmr Fulton,
hence Oct 21. ,.
Sailed Oct 25-Stmr Geo W- Elder, for San
Francisco. ' \u25a0
SOUTH BEND— Arrived • Oct 25— Schr Web
foot, hence Oct 12. - ',
MARSHFIELD, Or— Arrived Oct 24— Schr
Gotama, hence Oct 11; schr Volante, from San
Pedro. •
. Sailed Oct 24— Schr Emma Utter, for San
Francisco; schr Gem, -for San Francisco.- ~
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Jeanie,
from Karluk, for coal. ......
Sailed Oct 24— Stmr Humboldt, for Skafruay.
Oct 25— Stmr Portland, for San Francisco.
ALBION" RIVER— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Gua
lala, hence Oct 24, and sailed Oct' 25 for San
Francisco. \u25a0
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Inward Oct 25—
Stmr Jeanie, from Karluk, for Seattle. • \u25a0 • .
\u25a0 Arrived Oct 25— Schr Commerce, #hence Oct
11; U S stmr Bear, from Nome. • . •\u25a0'
Sailed Oct 25— Schr Kona. from Santa Rosa
lia, for r; schr Kallua, from Hastings MiU.
for Melbourne. . • -
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 25— Schr [ So
lano, from Port Blakeley. ,
Sailed Oct 25— Schr Alice Cooke, for Hono-
SAN- PEDRO— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Samoa,
from- Caspar. .• --
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Oct 24.
BAY— Sailed Ocf25— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco. •' . , ,
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr W H
Krueer, hence Oct 20, to sail Oct 26 for San
Francisco. " \u25a0 'fi< « \u25a0
PORT. HADLOCK— Sailed Oct 25, at 12 noon—
Stmr Robert Dollar, for San Francisco. \u25a0\u25a0
"UYAK BAY-Salled Oct 13— Ship Star. of.
Russia, • for San Francisco.
In port Oct 14— Ship Santa Clara, hence
Sept 11." -. • \u25a0 • ' ' '.-
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 25— U 8 stmr Bear,
from Dutch Harbor.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Harrison,
from Tillamook. , . ' ... . •
FOREIGN PORTS.
\u25a0 HASTINGS MILLS— Sailed Oct 23— Schr
Kailua, for Melbourne. - . . > ;
PANAMA— To , call Oct 22— Stmr Peru, for
San- Francisco. •.'..,
LADYSMITH— Saired. Oct 24— Nor stmr Tel
lus. for Sen -Francisco. - ,> . s .
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Oct 23— Ger ship Flott
bek, for New'Yorkr . ; " „ . "
YOKOHAMA-Arrlved Oct 24-Stmr Peru,
hence Oct 6. • • • •
\u25a0 KOBE- Arrived Oct 24— Br - stmr Tangtse,
f rom . Tacoma. for United Kingdom.'.'--:
HONGKONG— Sailed Oct - 23— Br stmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver. Oct 4— Br stmr
Strathpyle. for. San Diego. ~ s \u25a0 :
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 24^-Br bark Cam
buedoon, hence May 30.
Sailed Sept % 12— ;Br ship Sllberhorn, for San
Francisco. • \u25a0 \u25a0 - ' .
MANILA— Arrived Oct 24— Br ship Fred E
SchamroMl. from \u25a0 Newcastle. Aus.
" FALMOHTH— Sailed • Oct ' 24— Br ship Liver
pool." for Hull. - :.
* NRWCASTLB, -Au.«— Sailed Oct. ' 11— Br ship
Forthbank, for San Francisco; Br bark King
Alfred, for San Francisco.
Time Ball.
Branch - Hydrographic* Office, - U. S. - N., - Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, .Cal..
-•\u25a0 October - 25; 1901. •--'".-\u25a0 - -
[ The time ball was not dropped to-day. Mech
anism undergoing repairs.
. j. t. McMillan,
Nautical Expert, la charge. '
\u25a0Water-Front Notes.
The Compania Sud Americana, de Va
pores Loa will sail at noon to-day for Cen
tral and South American ports. She will
carry no passengers, as time would not al
low for her to be rated according to Amer
ican maritime laws.' The Peru, which sails
November 9, in the same line, will carry
about fifty cabin passengers.
The Northern Commercial Company s
Portland sailed from the Sound for San
Francisco at noon yesterday. She brings
abo'ut $2,000,000 in treasure.
The pilot boat America came off the dry
dock yesterday, after an overhauling, and
is again in commission. "-\u25a0:.
Frederick Maas, chief officer of the Ger
man ship Henrietta, had Alfred Bettke,
a. sailor, arrested yesterday for threats
against life. During the voyage the sea
man vowed he would kill the mate as soon
as he cot ashore. ; . "-
Her. Days Are Ended.
The old steamship Professor Morse, that
came here from the East during the Klon
dike rush and was condemned, is now be
ing broken up in Oakland Creek. She was
at one time known as the Aline, and ran
in the Mediterranean trade. Then she be
came the Suffolk, and ran between Eng
land and New York. She was cast away
on the coast of Newfoundland during a
gale, and was later salved by an Ameri
can company, which fixed her up and
placed her under the American flag as the
Professor Morse. For years she ran be
tween New York and New Orleans, and
then was sent to San Francisco via the
Straits of Mag-ellan. After many vicissi
tudes, she finally reached here, only to
be condemned by the local inspectors. 1< .
M. Smith, the borax king, bought her ana
is now breaking her up for old Junk. .
Two 'Ships Make Port.
Among the arrivals yesterday was the
German ship Chrlstel, 136 days from
Bremen, and the British ship Largiemore,
120 days from Bremen. The Christel was
formerly the British ship Old Kensington,
and is making her first run to this port
under her new name. On September 19
she was caught in a" heavy gale, and
everything movable on deck was washed
overboard. John Birs, the carpenter, was
attending to • eome work on the fore
castle head when a big sea caught him in
its rush, and he went with it over- the
rail. The ship was hove to and a boat
lowered, but no trace of the missing man
could be found.
A few days before the fatality the Chris
tel spoke the German ship Marie, from
Caleta Buena, 'bound for Hamburg. The
Christel brings a cargo mainly composed
of hyposulphite of soda, cement, tar, coke
and 759 barrels of whisky.
The Largiemore had an uneventful voy
age from Antwerp. She encountered heavy
weather off the Horn, but there were no
accidents. On September 1 she spoke the
French bark Amlral de Cornuller, from
Liverpool, bound for Portland, in latitude
58 degrees south, .longitude 78 degrees
west. ... . \u25a0 .
FOOTBALL TEAMS
ON THE GRIDIRON
The University of California and Olym
pic Club football elevens will meet this
afternoon^ at 3 o'clock on the Sixteenth
and Folsbm street grounds for their sec
ond game. In the previous contest the
Olympics were defeated by a score of 5-0,
through a place kick by Overall.
Stow, California's left guard, is out of
the game temporarily on account of ill
ness and will probably not be able to
take part. Either O'Toole or Hendricks
will take his place. Starr and DIbblee,
ends, are suffering from slight injuries.
Womble will play right end and Hudson
left. The teams will line up as follows:
California. Positions. Olympic.
Gendotti Center Bettison
Overall R — Guard— L ...Cadwalader
O'Toole-or • - *\u25a0 •- i $
Hendricks.-........L- ; -Guard— R...... Plunkett,
Braly... •..;...*.. .......R— Tackle— L Clay*
Albertson L— Tackle— R Emrick
Womble R — End — L Xourse
Hudson L — End — R Parker
More.'i Quarter Ktrfoot
%Yhipple... R— Half— Li Hooper
Mini...:. .......L— Half— R Gammon
thiden Fullback Bernard
Comment was caused at Berkeley yes
terday by the appearance in a university
publication of a communication from As
sistant Coach James Hopper severely cen
suring the freshmen for not returning to
the grridiron to play against the varsity.
He says:
With the big game only two weeks off, at
this critical period when all energies should b*
directed to the finishing into perfect shape
of the varsity, a certain class of men are
deserting the Held and leaving us terribly han
dicapped. Every night this week it has been
only with the greatest dlf/lculty that we have
been able to gather a gecend eleven. It has
been only through the devotion of certain loyal
men, who have kept at work in spite of in
juries, that practice has been possible. At this
Etage of the season such a condition of affairs
is indeed deplorable. I can go back in my
mind feven years without finding a parallel
to It, and if it does not speedily change, I
predict loudly that we will drift Inevitably to
a shameful defeat.
The action of the freshmen in quitting, with
but few exceptions, is incomprehensible. 1
doubt if the college was satisfied with the re
sults of the freshman game. The coaches cer
tainly were not. But the freshmen seem ab
solutely so. They strut about with inflated
chests and serene smiles as if they were the
heroes of eome great victory. Out of twenty
five freEhmen asked to come out for the rest
of the sevjsori five have reported. It lies with
the football men of the college, and especlally
the freshmen, to give us victory or defeat. 1
hope that they will rise and do their duty.
THE San Franeiscos marched off the
field at Recreation Park yesterday
whistling softly "He certainly was
good to us." This had reference to Um
pire Hr.rper, who had again given the. un
fortunate Oakland team a little the worst
of it in some of his decisions.' The game
went seven Innings, the Wasps winning
by a score of 9 to 5.
For four innings Oakland played a sharp
fielding game and secured two runs. With
ordinary headwork they could have in
creased their runs considerably. In the
fifth they went to pieces, and the Wasps
scored four runs en six hits. Pabst was
the first man up, and sent a two-bagger
which bumped the lef tfield fence. Krug
f ollcwed with a home run over the center
field fence.
Shay hit safe, but was caught stealing
second. RelUy.was out at second. Iburg
was next at bat, and marked the turning
point in the game. Hodson let down In
his pitching, and instead of striking out
Iburg, as he was apparently capable of
doing, he gave him a pass to first. Iburjj
etole second and third, and scored on Nor
dyke s .tiigh bounding hit over stortstop.
Wilson and Hildebrand hit safely, scoring
>.ordyki».
The ball was thrown home, and Lohman
tagged Mordyke out. Harper called him
"out," and then running up found Loh
man had meanwhile dropped -the ball. The
umpire changed his decision and called the
runner "safe." The spectators hissed Har
per. The latter found it necessary to have
Dunleavy of Oakland led off the field by a
special policeman. Lohman was also put
out cf the game.
Francks, who relieved Dunleavy at
third, nissed a ball thrown him by the
pitcher, letting in two runs. Hildebrand
scored Xordyke and Reilly on a two-bag
ger, ani Krug scored Pabst, who had
made a safe two-cushjen shot. The five
runs were made on two hits. The score;
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler, *b 4 2 113 0 1
liunleavy. ~b 3 0 10 10 0
Jiabbitt. f.s 2 112 15 0
Moskiman. rf 3 0 2 0 110
TranckE, Sb and lb.. 4 "0 1 0 7 0 2
3")rer.nan, cf 2 0 0 1 0 0 0
I.ohman, c 2 0 0 0 12 1
Hamilton If 3 110 2 0 0
Hudson, n 2 0 0 0 0 5 0
J'.igan. lb 10 0 0 10 0
Hanson, C 10 0 0 110
Kagle, p 1 1 1 0 0 C 0
Totals 28 5 S 4 IS 11 4
SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Kcrdyke, c* 3 I 2 0 1 0 0
Wilson, t- 4 0 3 0 8 2 1-
Hlldebran i. If 4 0 2 0 3 10
Schwartz, rf 4 0 0 0 0 0 ff
2'abst, lb 3 2 2 0 8 0 0
Krug, 2b S 2 1 0 2 1 0
Ehay. s.s 2 110 12 2
Reilly, 3t 3 1 0 1 2 2 0
Jburg. p 2 "10 114 0
foul* 27 9 11 2 21 12 3
tapBS AND HITS BY IXXINGS.
Oakland 1 0 0 110 2—6
Bai*e hits 1 6 2 1 1 0 8— 8
Fan Francisco 0 0 0 0 4 5 •— 9
Base hits ....1 0 1-16 2 •— 11
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Hodson 2. Ibur? 3.
Home run— Krug. Two-base hits — Babbitt,
Pabft (2) MoEkiman. Mohler. Sacrifice hit— *
Jtf.bbitt. Fir&t base -on errors— Oakland 2.
First base on -called balls— Oakland 3, ; .San
FYaneirco £. Lett on bases — Oakland 6. San
Itandsco 4. Struck out — By Iburg 1, by Hod
eon 1. by Nagle 1. Double play — Hildebrand
to Wilson to Iburg to Reilly. Time .of game—
1:50. Umpire— Harper. Official scorer—McFar
lio.
cisions.
Umpire Harper Again
Gives Cripples the
Worst/ of De-
OAKLANDS
LOSE TO
THE WASPS
Runs responsible for— Doyle 6, Devereaux 1,
Hale 1. Home run— Klhm. Two-base hit—
Hoffer. Sacrifice hit— Householder. First base
on error* — Los Angeles 1,- Sacramento 3. First
base on called balls — Off Devereaux 2, off Doyle
1, off Hale 2. Left on bases— Loe Angeles 1,
Eacramento 5. Struck out— By Hale 6, by
Devereaux 3. Hit by pitcher— Hemphill, Hotter.
"Wild pitc)i — Doyle. Time of fame — One hour
and fifty-Jive minutes. Umpire — Levy. -
Totals S3 3 4 2 24 10 1
RUN'S AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Loe Angeles 50000100 •-«
Ease hits 80010211 •— 8
Eacramento 20000100 0—3
Baee hit« 30000010 0—4
SUMMARY.
Totals 29 6 8 2 27 12 »
BACRAMEXTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Flood. 2b & m 2 0 0 0 3 3 1
Eheehan. 3b 4 10 0 10 0
Courtney, cf & 2b... 4 12 0 3 10
Hoffer. rf 3 110000
Davis, lb 4 0 1 0 7 0 0
McLaughUn, If 4 0 0 12 0 0
Devereaux. ss & p.. 4 0 0 10 3 0
£ullivan, c 4 0 0 0 4 2 0
•Dcyle, p ft cf 4 0 0 0 4 1 0
- " AB. R. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hemphill. If 3 10 0 10 0
Dougherty, rf 2 1 1 0 2 0 0
Householder. cf....3 0 0 1 2 0 0
Belt*. 2b 4 12 0 2 11
Klhm, lb 3 2 2 0 9 0 0
Hall. Sb 4 110 15 2
Kelly, be 4 0 0 0 3 3 2
Spies, c 3 0 2 17 2 0
Kale, p ! 0 0 0 0 10
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 25.— Doyle had
neither speed nor control to-day and re
tired in favor of Devereaux after five runs
had been scored in the first inning, with
only one out. Hale was In grand form
after the initial inning. Score:
LOS ANGELES. . \
Ajrgels Defeat Senators.
J. White Jr. has bred his Irish setter
bitch Mixine (A. K. C. S. B. 61,083), by
Toby out of Nida, to Pilot.
The Pacific Fox Terrier Club helfl a
meeting, at which John Bradshaw of San
Franciscc and John A. Murphy of Fresno,
were elected members. The club decided
to offer tbe following- cash prizes to mem
t-ers corrpeting at the Oakland show:
Five dollars each for the best dog and
bitch fox terriers and $5 each for the best
dog and bitch puppy fox terriers.
The Ps.ciflc advisory committee of tho
American Kennel Club held a meeting
last Wednesday and decided several pro
tests ani complaints. One was loused
by W. E. Meek, who claimed the San
Francises Kennel Club had not paid him
the *ull amount of the prize awarded his
mastiff <log Sharkey. Mr. Meek was re
fused payment of the second prize, al
though his dog had won It In the ring, on
the ground that Judge Lynn had entered
in his Judging book the award of third
against SSharkey. Mr. Meek won his case
and the committee decided that the
award of second should be restored, as
the Judge had evidently reversed himself
In error. . \u25a0.'
The Plumeria Cocker Kennel \u25a0 offer a silver
and cutglaBS trophy for the beet pair of cockers
(dosr and Wtch).
Mrs. E. C. Plume offers a Battenberg table
coi'er for the best cocker puppy other than
black, Irrespective of sex.
•Cockers (other than black)— A club medal
each lor i-be best" dos and the best bitch; a
BiU'er medal each for the best puppy, novice,
limit and open, dogs, and a silver medal each
for the b:st puppy, limit, novice and open,
bitches.
W. C. Baleton offers the president's cup for
the best cocker spaniel, irrespective of sex.
Mrs. W. C. Raleton offers a silver trophy for
the best puppy, irrespective of scs or color.
Mre. P. C. Meyer offers a silver cup for the
best cocker oar-iel of the opposite sex to the
\u25a0winner of the presidents trophy.
The CE.llfornia Cocker Club members
held a fpecial meeting: on Monday and
decided to offer valuable club medals tor
cocker ejianiels at the Oakland show. In
addition to these several individual mem
bers offer silver cups to be competed for
by the members of the club. The club
medals offered are as follows:
Black cockers — For the beet dog and best bitch,
a club me<!al each; a silver medal each for the
best puppy, novice, limit and open, dogs, and
a silver medal each for the best novice, limit,
puppy and open, bitches.
PRIZES OFFERED
BY DOG FANCIERS
FVIEWYORK, Oct. 23:-A thunder of
y wJ-applause and cheer after 4cheer
". *\u25a0 greeted Imp as slife'came' through
the stretch, winner of the last race at
Morris. Park to-day: - Imp took up 122
pounds, made the running and won easily.
Advance Guard was second.. Summary: -
First race, six and a half furlongs— Lady
Uncas won, Bellarlo second; Cervera third.
Time. 1:19%. . • :. . • • . • « \u25a0\u25a0
Second race, five. and" a- half furlongs — Cham
pagne won, Destitute. second. Early -Eye'- third.
Time. 1:C8^. '• ' .' \u25a0• • ' . \u25a0.
Third race, selling.' one mile— Wayward : Boy
won, Rappcnecker second, Marothen third.
Time. 1:42%. ; •
Fourth race, celling, one mile— Astor won.
Hammock second. Warranted third. Time,
1:42. • •\u25a0•. \u25a0
Fifth race, 6lx and a half furlongs— Honolulu
won. Trump second, Rose of May third. Time,
1:19. . : •:•\u25a0-. £
Sixth race, one mIVs and a quarter— Imp won,'
Advance Guard second, Raffaelo third. Time,
2:07>4. .. " ' ' .
CHICAGO, Oct. \25.— Worth summary:
First race, seven furlongs — Domadge won,
Prairie L>cg second, Lady ldris third. Time,
1:28 2-5.
Second race, one mile and an eighth— C. B.
Campbell won. Free Pass second, El Ghor
third. Time. 1:54.
\u25a0 Third race, five furlongs— Gallantrle won,
Nellie Waddell second, Julia JuhkitT* third.
Time, 1:01.
Fourth race, cne ciile — Federal won, Lennep
second. Orontas third. Time. 1:39 4-5. •
Fifth race, eix f urlongs— Red Hook won. In
spector Shea second, Tcm Wallace third.' Time,
1:14 3-5. --.-\u25a0\u25a0-
Sixth race, seven furlongs— Greetings won;
Eva Rice second, Evelyn Cyrd third. Time,
1:27 2-5. •.... -..., :
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 25.— Fair Grounds summary:
First race, one mile and twenty yards,' sell
ing — Wine Press won. Eda Riley second, Ladaa
third. Time. 1:45%. '•-. . ••
Second race, five furlongs, selling— Carat won,
Mary Tryon second Mr. Timberlake third.
Time. l:Gl\j. - •
Third race, six furlongs, purse— Hilee won.
Lasso second, Bengal third. Time, 1:14%.
Fourth race, one mile — Ethylfene won, Hunt
ressa second, Taby Tosa third. Time, -1:42.
Fifth race, six furlongs, purse— Fitzkanet
won. Kindred second, dales third. . Time,
1:13V4-
Sixth race, one mile and twanty yards —
Charles D won. Nannie Nolan second, Eleven
Bells third. Time, 1:42%. .. , . ' \u25a0
IMP WINS
AGAIN IN
OLD STYLE
Picks Up Big Impost
and Beats Advance
Guard and
Others.
RACING, YACHTING, ROWING, GOLF, HANDBALL - SPORTS
THE SAN FRAN^ SCO CALL, ;SA^
She Loses * Her SurgeorifThfough ; Suicide and^Twb - : pf r^lie : Crew
Become Sudderity
MANY MISHAPS DURING VOYAGE
OF THE KOSMOS LINER RAMSES
11
McKINLEVS STORY OF
LAST VISIT TO HIS THE COCOS ISLAND
FARM. TREASURE.
DOMESTIC PETS GEMS FROM
BEFORE THE CAMERA. THE CAMERA CLUB.
THE SUMMER "GYM" THE WOMEN OF THE,
AT MILLS COLLEGE. GRAU OPERA CO.
THE PASSING OF CHINA- THIRD INSTALLMENT
TOWN AS VIEWED BY OF«€KAUSTARK,"FULL
THE ARTISTS. L OF EXCITING INCIDENTSFAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Page Pifteea,
Business was dull on the morning session of
the Bond Exchange, with no changes worthy
of note. There were sales of Hawaiian Com
mercial at $40.
There was nothing new In the oil stocks.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric sold up to
$45 and Giant Powder up to $S0 50. The mar
ket waa featureless otherwise.
The Geary-street. Park and Ocean Railroad
c-h.ir.ses In the reUlI markets aro few this
week.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs an aa pre
viously quoted, but the tendency In Butter 1.1
rather downward at the moment. Fine ra.ulj
Err* continue In light supply.
Poultry Is plentiful, six cars having coma
In from the West this week, 'In addition to
the usuaJ local supplies. Game continues to »ell
above the capacity of the average purse.
Meats and Fish show no changes.
The summer fruits are disappearing-. Peaches
and Plums are already gone, though thera
may be an occasional box here and there. The
summer vegetables are also on their last legs.
Coal, rer ton—
Cannel $ 013 00 Southfleld
Wellington .. ©11 00 Wellington $— —fill 00
Seattle 9 00—11 00 Coos Bay.... — ® 7 00
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice, sq.55@60| Ranch Eggs, per
Do. good 43@50j drzen 33®4S
Packed, per lb.:..25(fj — (Eastern Eggs 25(230
Cheese. Cal 15@17 Hoi.ey Comb, per
Cheese, Eastern... 17®2i> pound 15@"t>
Cheese, Swiss 20@35 Do. extracted.... S3 10
Common Eggs....25@3O
Meats, per pound— * „
Bacon 15@2O Round Stealc ,...10<»—
Beef, choice 12®1.". Sirloin Stealc 12@—
Do. good 10@— Tenderloin do 15®—.-
Corned Beef 10<g>— Porterhouse do..I7Vi®*0
Ham 17@1S Smoked Beef 200—
Lard — ©13 Pork, salt 10(312%
Mutton 8@10 Pork Chops — @15
Lamb 10<??12 Pork. Sausages.. 12^^13
Pork, fresh 15@— Veal 12J§—
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 50@tS0 Rabbits, each ....15@20
Youns Roosters, Hare, each — <E"f>
each 50@7'> English Snipe, per
Cld Roosters. ea..40@50 dozen $3 so<a
Fryers, each 35®4o Jack Snipe... $1 73<$
Broilers, each 30@40 Mallard. palr.$l 25©1 50
Turkeys, per lb.. .13^22 Sprig, pr pair.75c@$l flO
Ducks, each...... -50®, 0 Teal oer pair SO^fift
Geese. each...$l 2o«n. oO Widgeon, pr pair.SOOSrt
Pigeons, pair 4O«aO Smell Duck. pa!r.40«3O
Doves, per doz..— ®1 2a Geese. pr.75c@l 00
Fruits and. Nuts-
Alligator Pears. Limes, doz _® 1( )
each 3o©-." Lemons, doz ifiiw-ii
Almonds 15@2C Nutme e Melons ®
Apples _?® 2 each K1910
Bananas, doz lo@2c Pears, lb swru-
Blackberries. dw r .20©3C. Pineapples, each..40«50
Cranberries. qt....-@lo Pomegranates. dz.40®3O
Cocoanuts, each...-®10 Persimmons, doz -JfcS
Chestnuts, per lb.l5<S20 Quinces, per lb 305
Cantaloupes. ea.l2H©lS! Raisins, per lb""" ?ai?
Figs, per lb ..10J15 Raspberries. d^".4ol'i
Grapes, ner lb — 6® 1 Strawberries, per
Grape Fruit, doz...Jl 5fi drawer SCSTO
Huckleberries. Walnuts, per lb 13S™>
per lb 10® 12% Watermelons, ea..l0*?ii
Oranges, doz 2o@cC
Vegetables —
Artichokes, doz...40(@60 Onions, cer lb.. 1® %
Beets, doz 10®— Leeks, doz bchV.'.ilsa'i)
Beans, white, lb.. 6@— Okra. green, lb 8@r>U
Colored, per lb.. 5<g>- Green Peppers, lb 5® i
Dried Lima. lb.. 6® S Potatoes, per lb.. '(ETMi
Green Lima, lb. 6@ 8 Sweet Potatoes, lb 2® 4
Cranberry Beans.. 6®— Parsnips, pr doz..lO@—
Cabbage, each.... 5#— Radishes, dz bchs.15^20
Celery, head 5@— Sage, doz bnchs.. 255130
Cress, doz bnchs.l5@2Ci String Beans, lb.. 5@ 6
Cucumbers, doz. ..15i@2Oi Summer Squash
Egg Plant, lb 4@ 6 per pound 43 »
: Garlic 4@ 6 Sprouts, per lb.... 6^ 3
Green Peas, lb — 8® Sj Spinach. r>er lb... 5«--
Green Corn. doz. 20030 1 Thyme, doz bchs.25©3D
Lettuce. r>er doz. .15@20| Turnips, pe. doz..lOrt»—
Mushrooms, pr lb.40ig;.'0iTomatoes. per lb.. 4® S
Fish-
Carp — @ 8 Sea Bass 124@—
Catfish 10«t!— Smelts 12WS>l->
Codfish 12«15 Soles 8®10
Flounders S@10 Skates, each Soli*
Halibut 12%@15 Squid — @—
Herring — 0— Tomcod K^®!*
Mackerel 15<®— Turbot 15<S25
Do. horse 10®— Trout 20#C".
Perch S-31-) Brook Trout — (375
Pomplno ...40<(?5O| Whiteflsh 10(S —
Rockcod 12^^10; Clams, gallon ;o- l Q> —
Rockflsh • in@12Hl Do. hardshell, lb S#10
Salmon, fresh. ..12tj®l."«i Crawfish 8010
Do. smoked I5®25i Crabs, each Uy.m~
Sardines lCp— Mussels, quart — %» <t
Shrimps -08 Oysters. Cal. 10O..4OW5O
Shad 10®— Do. Eastern. dz-X^W
Striped Basa 12Hffl'>_ •
WASHLVGTON.
Flour, qr ska 9,470; Bran, sks 400
Oata. ctls 1SO> *
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 800/
FOR FRIDAY. OCTOBER 85.
Flour, qr ska 34,025 Mustard. sks...._ 573
Wheat, ctls 100.264 Wool, sk* J5i
Barley, ctls 20,230 Alfalfa Seed, ska 41
Oats, ctls 971) Wine, gals tSJOO
Corn, ctls 980 Brandy, gals 3 Ofln
Rye. ctls 840 Lime, bbls '27:1
Sugar, ctls 22.S9C Quicksilver, flsks «•»
Tallow, ctls 242 Hides, No 5.",
Beans, sks 17.137 Pelts, bdls m
Potatoes, sks 3,720 Leather, rolls 90
Onions, sks 1,223 Raising, bxs 2.fifO
Bran, sks 2.54O Hay, tons IOCS
Middlings, sks.... 1,322
OREGON.
Flour, qr iks 816/
Receipts of Produce.
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 4.90c; Pow
dered. 4.75c; Candy Granulated. 4.75c; Dry
Granulated, 4.65c; Confectioners' A, 4.65c; Fruit
Granulated. 4.65c: Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
only). 4.45c; Magnolia A. 4.25c; Extra C. 4 lie-
Golden C, 4.C5c; D. "3.95c; barrels. 10c more;
half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 60c more; £0-lt>
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
73 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, half
barrels, 5.15c: boxes. 5.40c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist o£
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
ViYzc; Pearl Oil. in cases, 20c; Astral. 20c; Star
20c;. Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene. 22c;
deodorized atove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; in
cases, 21^4c; Benzine, In bulk. 14c; m cases.
2OV»c; Sf-decree Gasoline, In bulk, Me; in cases.
26Vic.
TURPENTINE— SStfc per gallon In cases ana
52c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Su*ar Reflninjf Com
pany quotes, per lb. In ICO-lb bags:
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
74c; raw. 72c; cases. 5c more; Lucol. 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw in barrets; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases. SWc;
China Nut. 55®72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot.
in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white, 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil, barrels. 37&c; cases. 42>£c; Cocoanut
OiU barrels. 63}£c for Ceylon and SSljo for Aus
tralian.
Harrison's circular says: "During the wee!c
there have been three coal deliveries from
Washington. 10.GC0 tons; two from British Col
umbia. 4650 tons; one from Oregon, 420 tons;
one from Swansea, 3100 tons; two from Aus
tralia. 5570 tons; total, 23,740 tons. This is a
smaller amount than our average requirements
call for, but for the moment there are no
complaints being made by consumers that their
orders are not being filled. Some recent char
ters have been made for steamers to carry
our coast products to this market; these com
bined with our regular carriers will keep the
market here fully maintained with fuel.- Th-i
chartered list of coal carriers from Australia
now foots up thirty-seven vessels, with a carry
ing capacity of nearly 100,000 tens. A number
of these vessels will not reach here this year.
There may be somewhat of a scarcity of fuel
this winter for domestic uses, still. If consum
ers cannot sret grades they have been hereto
fore accustomed to burn they will be forced to
utilize other substitutes. This shortage will
be brought about by the accident occurring to
the Wellington colliery In British Columbia.
Fuel oil Is being freely shipped, and Is meet-
Ing with ready sales at better prices than hava
been ruling for several months past. All klniia
of methods are being tried with a view to the
introduction of oil for cooking and house-heat
ing purposes. So far they have been a com
parative failure. It Is hard to overcome the
noxious smell and smoke."
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c; local
make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32
@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%£f8c; Fruit Bags. 5%'tf
6%c for cotton and 7@7^ic for jute.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. J3; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Ba>, $5 50; Wallsend. }!*; Co-operative Wallsend.
$9; Cumberland. $12 50 In bulk and $13 75 1a
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $15; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. *ii M
per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton. according to
branS.
General Merchandise.
All descriptions remain aa before quoted.
Wholesale rates from, slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 6@3%c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL- Large. 7HiS8^c: small. 8@3c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6V4@7c; Ewes. 6<Q6<Ac per
pound.
LAMB— 7©8c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 230 lbs and under. 6c; over
230 ibs. 5%@5%c; feeders. ; sows, 20 per
cent off; boars, -30 per cent oft, and stags. 4>
per cent olt from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs. 7}i£9c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Lambs'. 7%©9c: Middle County, 8@10c: North
ern Mountain, free. 9@llc; do. defective. 8®9c;
Humboldt and Mendocino. ll©12c per lb.-
HOPS— 9@10c for fair and 110130 per lb for
good to choice.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.'— R. • G. Dun & Co.' 8
\u25a0Weekly Review of , Trade to-morrow will say:
. Jobbers are still urgently asking prompt ' del
Dun's Reviezv of Trade.
LIVERPOOL.
•Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening 5 9% 5 10%
Closing 59 5 10->i
PARIS.
Wheat— %. Oct. Jan.-Apr.
Opening 20 65 2180 •
Closing 20 70 2180
..Flour— .
Opening 26 65 27 65
Closing ;..*....'. 26 60 ; 27 65
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct. 25.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3000.
Steady; no choice here. Good to prime steers,
$6 2o<3'6 80; »oor to medium, $3 75@5 90; stock
era and feeders. J2 25@4 25;' cows, $1 25@4 65;
heifers, $2 25@5; canners'. $1 25@2 25; bulls,
$1 75@4 B0; calves, $3@6; Texas steers, $2 85®
3 76: Western steers, $3 60® 5 £0. • .
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 24,000. Opened
strong to 5c higher; advance loBt. • Mixed and
butchers', $5 95<g6 55; good to choice heavy,
$6 10@6 55; rough heavy, $5 50@5 95; light, $5 90
@6 20; bulk of sales, $5 95@6 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, S000. Sheep and' lambs,
steady. .. Good to choice wethers, $3 40@3 75;
fair to choice mixed, $2 85<{?3 40; Western
sheep. $3@3 40; native lambs, $2 50@4 75; West
ern lambs, $3 25@4 40. g
: " ST. JOSEPH. . '
ST. JOSEPH, Mo!, Oct. 25.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 3140; market dull \u25a0 but steady: Texans
active, 10c higher; natives. $2 9O@6 40; Texans
and Westerns. $2 80@6; cows and heifers. $1 25®
5; bulls and stags. $2@4 85: stockers and feed
ers, $1 35@4 10; yearlings and calves. $1 9O@3 90
veals, $3 25(56 25. . , , - - i
HOGS— Receipts, 4093; market active 'and
strong to 5c higher; pigs, 10@20c higher: light
and light mixed, $5 90®6 O7V4: medium and
heavy, $5 95@6 20; pigs. $4 50©6 60; bulk. $5 92®
6 07V4. " ... - \u25a0 \u25a0. -j - • ' - - .
SHEEP-Receipts. 1800; market active; yearl
ings, $3 25@3 75; wethers, $3@3 65; ewes, $2 75®
3 25. . ' . '
«'• \u25a0 New York Metal; Market.
NEW YORK. • Oct. 55.— Spelter on the spot
was scarce, to-day, and values Jumped consider
ably. Closed firm on the basis of $4 37%: In
Failures In the United. States for the week
number 223, as against 193 last week, 161 In this
week. a year ago, 211 in 1S99 and 219 In 1398.
Canadian failures for the week number ' 16,
as against 29 last week and 31 in this week
a year ago. :. , '
The strength j of leather products continues
unabated and shoe shipments are heavily In
excess of a year ago. ; Leather Is 5 to 10 per
cent higher than it -was six weeks ago at. most
Eastern markets. .
Wheat, Including flour, exports for the week
aggregate 4,952,134 bushels, as against 5,536 073
last week and 4,920,978 In this week last year.
Wheat exports July . 1 to date (seventeen
weeks) aggregate 100,056.335 bushels, against
6&.1S7.S69 last season. '• . . \u25a0\u25a0 -, 1 . \u25a0
Wholesale and jobbing trade generally is
characterized as fair to moderate the country
over. A fair reorder business Is noted in the
Northwest, but trade generally is waiting the
movement of goods from retailers' hands. Col
lections are . generally good, except at the
South, where the slower movement of cotton
has tended to retard business. As for some
weeks past, the iron and steel trade returns the
best reports, and these reports are being pro-t
longed to an extent which has rarely been wit
nessed. The. largest steel rail - order of the
year was placed this week. In all 160,000 tons
being taken at the ruling rate of $23 per ton
by the Pennsylvania Railroad Company, and
some other large orders from other companies
are now under negotiations. In all 1 500 000
tons for 1902 delivery have been booked. Spe
cial activity Is noted in structural material at
Plttsburg and there have been additional or
ders for implement manufacturers, with con
tinued activity in tin plates and steel, sheets
mills producing the latter being months be- '
hind on orders. . i
The large crop of wheat and the admitted
Increase in. the world's supplies have heretov
fore been balanced by the knowledge that the
rest of the world's food supplies are shorter
than last year.
Prices this week have been pushed over the
"dead center" by reports of drought in Argen
tine reducing yields from 25 • per cent to 40
per cent. Exporters have bought on reactions.
Flour has strengthened with wheat' and pro
duction is heavy, the Minneapolis mills last
week breaking all records. . Hog products are
lower, the feeling growing that the higher
prices of the late boom have checked consump
tion. Statistically the situation is, however
still bearish. . " \u25a0
Despite the- smaller movement of grain, and,
up, to this week, the lighter movement ot cot
ton, so heavy is the volume of business offered
the railroads of the country that complaints
of car shortage come from all parts of the
country, notably for Iron ore and steel, lumber^
grain and coal. In the coal trade the shortage
is marked, because the anthracite tonnage is
heavy, being estimated at $55,000,000, or one
fifth larger than a year ago.
NEW YORK. Oct. 25.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say:
KETV YORK. Oct. 25.— The bulls had hard
\u25a0work to sustain the market to-day and the
efforts to continue the advance were frustrated
by the realizing encountered. The coalers con
tinued to Tnoive upward this morning and there
\u25a0was a revival of th» bull movement in St.
Paul, but the heavy realizing which had been
in progress during the week under cover of the
new points of strength has aroused suspicion
that the whoie movement was manipulative
and designed to unload «ocks. A number of
special weak points added to the difficulties
of the bulls and the money and exchange situa
tion showed the necessity of caution for those
depending on call loans. The whole market
turned heavy before the dosing and -was In
that condition at the - last. The day's net
changes were reduced mostly to insignificant
proportions. St. Paul rose at cne time 3 points
but its gain is only 1%. People's Gas fe!l an
extreme 2% on the continued selling induced
by the franchise tax decision of the Illinois
Supreme Court allowing taxation on the mar
ket valuation. The ttock received inside sup
port and responded to the argument offered
by its supporters that increased appraisenr-nt
\u25a0would be likely to lower the tax rate The
stock's net loss was only *i. The New York
money Flocks declined sharply, apparently with
the. Chicago stocks, declining from 1 to Z%
Amalgamated Copper was rather dull but
ruled belov.- Ispt nipht's price in spite of the
firmer market for raw copper in London Th»
coalers had little left to show as g&ins ar the
cloee of the day and the conditions In the gen
eral list are very irregular. Another jump in
toreigik exchange had a disturbing effect on
eentlment. as rates are now brought to a level
near to the gold export point for Berlin and
Paris. Exchange experts affirm that no loss
would occur on shipment at to-day's rate It
is obvious also that the requirements of those
centers are not yet satisfied. Paris took an
other $l,CCfl.0O0 from London and sterling at
Berlin fell again. The London discount r->te
wa* pulled up to near the bank rate which
•would give an opportunity for an advance in
the bank rate to be effective in restraining the
outgo of cold. Conditions thus promise addi
tional pressure on New York. The wheat ex
rorts for this week are considerably below those
for last week, thus lessening the volume of
exchange. The preliminary statement of the
cash movement by the banks foreshadows a
weak bank statement to-morrow. In spite o*
the payments by the sub-treasury on account
cf the gold deposited at Pacific Coast points
amounting to $2.320,OCO, that institution has
taken from the banks a net balance of $1 648 -
*T*. The net Iofs to the interior on the direct
express movement is estimated at less than
tl.COO.OOfi. including a shipment of nearly $2.0C0,
000 to Philadelphia on account of the payment
by th» Pocahontas Coal Company for the Flat
Top Coal Company. The condition in the loan
item is problematical.
Railroad bonds were less active in sympathy
* ith stocks and the speculative Issues were
inclined to react. Total sales, par value, $2,235,-
Cnlted States 2s coupon advanced % per cent
on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock*— Sales High Low Close
Atchison 5.W0 78% 78H 7S4
Atchifoa pfd 2.S00 S7 66% 96V
Baltimore & Ohio 19,200 107 105fc 105»i
Baltimore & Ohio pfd 8<£
Canadian Pacific 200 110% 110>4 110U
Canada Southern- 100 -83% 83% 62V4
Chesapeake & Ohio €.909 46% -45^ 45%
Chicago & Alton 2,200 3Sv4 33% 36U
Chicago & Alton pfd... ' 403 77% 7714 "77%
Chicago Ind &. Louis.. 400 41% 4l' 41.
Chicago Ind & L pfd „ .... 71^
New York Stock Market.
Oat, $7@9; Alfalfa. $8@10 50; Clover, $3 50©7;
Volunteer, $5@8; Stock,. $5@7 per ton.
STRAW— 3C@45c Der bale. ;
Beans and Seeds.
\u25a0\u25a0* . '\u25a0
' Receipts of Beans were again excessive, be
ing 17,189 sacks, and the market continued neg
lected and depressed, though there was no fur
ther decline.
Dried Peas are quoted higher, with slender
stocks. Alfalfa Seed Is dull.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 10@2 30; Small White. $3®
3 25; Large White. $2@2 40; Pea. J2 50@4; Pink,
$2@2 25; Ked. $3; Blackeye, $3 10®3 25; Limas,
$4i>0@4 75; Red Kidneyr. $3@3 75 per ctl.
. SKiSDta— Brown Mustard, |3&J 50; Yellow
Mustard. $3 35©3 50; Flax, $2 651i3 25: Canary.
3%@3Vic for Easterns Alfalfa, from Utah, 8&c;
Rape, l^igl^c; Hemp. 3'/ic per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. *1 9u®2; Green, $1 «a
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions rule firm at the advance, which has
been mainly caused^by the filling of orders for
Government account. Potatoes stand about
the same, though the feeling is better and
the market is cleaning up, even poor stock
moving off with -more activity. A car of Mer
ced Sweets sold at the quotation.
Tomatoes are in the dumps, being soft and
overrrlpe. They came In late yesterday, which
increased the weakness. String and Lima
Beans are doing rather better. Otherwise there
is nothing new In Vegetables.
POTATOES— 55@S0c in sacks for Burbanks
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, llii\ 30:
Oregon Burbanks. *1@1 10; River Reds, Jl 50^
160; Sweets, 35@40c for Rivera and 75@S5c for
Merced. ' ) • .
ONIONS— $1 20@l 33 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60
@75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. l@3c for Garden:
String Beans. l%@2c; Limas. l^@2c; Cabbage,
60@75c per ctl; Tomatoes, from Alameda. 2<J@
30c; Dried Peppers, lOQilStfc; Green Okra, 30<£P
50c per box; Carrots, 25®35c per sack; Cucum
bers. 30@40c; Pickles, 2i/i<S;3c per lb for small
and l@l%c for large; Garlic, l%@2V4c: Green
Peppers 40@60c per box for Chile and 40@85o
for Beli; Egg Plant, 40@50c per box; Green
Corn, from Berkeley, 50@75c; Summer Squash,
50@75c; Marrowfat Squash, $6@8 per ton; Hub
bard Squash, $20.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry continues depressed and very dull,
owing to the large arrivals from the East this
week, and young stock Is still lower. Other
changes are unimportant.
The warm, moist weather Is against Game,
which is still coming In stale and tainted. Ar
rivals were 61 sacks. Good stock alone is
quoted.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@13c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens: Geese, per pair. $1 50
@1 75; Goslings, $1 50@l 75; Ducks, $C@3 50 for
old and $3 50<&4 50 for young; Hens. J3 50ft J 50;
young Roosters". ?3 SOW-l 50; old Roosters. $3 50<y
4; Fryers, $3 50; Broilers. $3 2o@3 50 for large
and $3@3 25 for small; Pigeons. $1 23@1 30 per
dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Sauabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen. $1; Hare. $1: Rab
bits. Jl 50 for Cottontails and Jl for Brush;
Mallard, J4(ff3; Canvasback, $4@5; Sprig,
$2@3; Teal. $1 50(52; Widgeon. $1 50@2; Small
Ducks, tl 50; Black Jacks, ; English
Snipe. J2S2 30; Jack Snipe. « 50: Gray Geese.
$3(83 CO; /White Geese, 75c@?l per dozen.
Butter,. Cheese and Eggs.
The firmness in the best grades of Butter
proved temporary, and the market has eased
oft again under larger receipts. During the
past three days four steamers have brought in
over 700 boxes from Humboldt and Southern
Oregon, and it is too much of a load for tho
market to carry. Dealers have their salesmen
out offering goods at concessions.
Cheese remains as before.
Eggs are steady at the familiar prices, aa
supplies about balance the demand.
Receipts were 17,000 pounds of Butter.
pounds of Eastern Cutter, 419 cases of Eggs.
cases Eastern Eggs, 15,500 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese and 11,600 pounds Oregon Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 27&@2Sc per lb for
fancy and 25@l'7c for seconds; dairy, lS@25c;
store Butter. 13@17c per. lb; Creamery Tub,
22V4c: Pickled Roll. 19iJ220c; Keg. lS®19c per lb.
CHEESE— New. lH£<$12c: old. 10%c; Young
America, 12Vi@ 13c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 38<S:40c for selected large. So
©37'/4c for good to choice and 32»4'534c for fair;
'tore, 22@2r)c per dozen; cold storage. 21@25c;
Eastern. lS@24c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Peaches and Plums are about out for the
m.-.-iHon, and receipts are too insignificant for
quotationi). /
CItrua fruits show little change. Oranges are
In fair supply and rather easy than otherwise,
whlltt gtocka of Lemon* are ample for all needs.
Llint-H are llrm, but fresh supplies are about
«lu«.
The narrow gaugo train from .Santa Clara
ami Sonta Cru« was late, and the Grapes
mla*ei1 the nnrthprn Hteamer In conaequence,
henco they hiul to lie carried over.
DICCIDUOU8 FRUITS.
APPLi:s-7&e(jj»l ::> per box for good to choice
and ZiVjWc for ordinary.
POMKURANATES-McCU per box.
1'KAltS— Wlnt<>r I'ear*. SUctjU 2J per box.
0UINCE8— 40S60O t>or box.
liSItSIMMONS— 75c«$l p«r box.
STItAWHKlUUES— IfiQS per che»t for Lons
wnrthn and W»4 for Inrne terries.
HLACKHKnniES-$3O4 per chest.
LOGAN HERHIES— None in.
M-asphkhkiks*— *4V* per cheft.
HUCKLEBERRIES— Per lb, 5®"c.
CKANBIOKMIKS— Cape Coo. $J 00 per barrel;
Coob Dny. $2 60 per box.
FIGS-Black. : White. 30ff40c per box.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 60<f»73c per box; Cnnta
lfi'.ipca, 75c@$l per crate; Watermelons, $5@15
,-c-r 100
GRAPES— Verdels, 23@75c per box and crate;
Tokay. 25@'7Sc; Muscat. S.Wrtoc: Black, 25<g75c;
Isabella, ; Cornlchon. 60<ft75c; Wine Grapes,
$25fT30 per ton for Zlnfandel and $20@25 for
White.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. 75c@$2 for com
mon, $3 25®3 75 for good to choice, and $» for
fancy; new Navels. $2 50^3 50; Lemons. Jlisjl 25
for common and 1203 for good to choice; Grape
Fruit. $160®4; Mexican Limes, $6@7; Bananas,
$1 ,"0<!7 2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, J4Q5 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There is nothing new to report. All kinds of
fruits. Nuts and Raisins are very quiet, ex
cept possibly Walnuts, which are moving off
fairly.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7@S%c for Royals and 8®
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. 5Vi@7e; | sun-dried. 3V 2 @*Mc;
Peach»s. 5@7V4c: Pears. 4©Sc: Plums, pitted,
3 l /4®5c; unpitted, l@2c: Nectarines, 5@6c for
red. and 5%@6^c for white; Figs. 3@3%o for
black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40' s. 5H®oHc: 40-50' s, 4%S5c: • 50-60's, 4>4©
4V4c; 60-70's. 3%®4c; 70-SO's. Z%@3Mc: S0-90's 2%
QZc; 90-100' s. 2%©2Hc per lb.
• RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb hox): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $l 75; 4
crewn, $1 60; London Layers— Three-crown.
Jl 20; two-crown, $1 10. Price per lb: Stan
dard loose Muscatels — Four-crown. 4%c; Three
crown, 4%c; Two-crown. 3%c; Seedless Mus
catels. 4Vic; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c: Thompson
Seedless, 6^c; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy. Stfc;
choice, V&c, standard. 6'Ac: prime. 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas. 5c Bleached Thompsons —
Extra fancy, lie: fancy. 10c; choice. 9c; stan
dard. 7%c; prime. 6^c. Fancy seeded. ' 6}4c;
choice seeded, 5%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8@12}4c: Walnuts, Na 1
softshell. 9%c; No. 2. 7%c: No. 1 hardshell. 9c;
No. 2, 7c: Almonds. 13@14c for papershell. 10
©lie for softshell and 5® fie tor hardshell: Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12V4c -
Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
{3 £0@5.
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 100
11 ',4c for light amber; water white extracted,
5@6c; light amber extracted. 405c; dark. 4c.
BEESWAX— 25<g2Sc per lb/
Provisions.
Chicago continues unsettled. The feeling was
firmer again yesterday, but the demand was
chiefly speculative, the cash movement being
slow. \u25a0 ' . -
The San Francisco market was quiet and un
changed. ' ,
\u25a0 CURED MEATS-Bacon, 12%c per lb for
heavy, 12^@13c for light medium. 14c for light,
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14c; California
Hams. 13Hc: Mess Beef. $11 per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family, $12 50; Prime Mess Pork
(15; extra clear, $23; Mess, *19; Smoked Beef'
14c per pound. !
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8c per lb for
compound and 12e for pure; half-barrels. pur«
I2%c; 10-lb tins. 12%c; 5-lb tins. 12%c; 3-lb tins'
12c. '
COTTOLENE-One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10'ic: one tierce. 10Hc; two tierce*
LOc; five tierces. 9 vie per lb.
Hide's, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, llc^medium. 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides
V4c for hesrvy and 9c for light; Stags, 7 C - Sake/?
Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal, .10c; Salted Calf km*
lOVfec: Dry Hides. 16@16%c; Culls, 14@i5c- S
Kip. 16c; Dry Calf. lS@19c: Culls and Brand,
L6@17c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c -each
short Wool. 40@60c each; medium. 50<37Sc- fom?
Wool. £0c@|l 10' each; Horse Hides Halt t°'^
g2 75 for large and *2@2 25 for medium $1 "ri
[or small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides dVi
>1 75 for large. Jl 25<81 50 for medium Jl 25 %'
small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins-Bummtr or
red skins. 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c- win
ter . or thin skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Y „
joras, 75c: large and smooth. 50c: medium *rS"
TALLOW-Refined. 6%c; No. 1 rinderTd sS
;\ic per lb; No.- 2. 4@l%c; grease Ste, * **
WOOL-Spring. 1900 or 1901-Southern defect
ive, 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine 14«
ioc; do. medium and coarse. 11013c- O^rnrf
Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do. f air to ' good 9ft
lie: Nevada. 10@12c. sooa ' 9a
Fall-San Joaquin, 6%S8Vic; San Joa^ula
Exchange and Bullion.
Storllns Exchange, 60 days — $4 81V
Sterling Exchange, night — 4 071..
Sterling Cables — 4 88ij
1 New York Exchange, sight — 10'
[ New York Exchange, telegraphic — mi
Silver, per ounce 571^
Mexican Dollar*, nominal 47 @ 47^2
'\u25a0Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets continued
firm. Broomhall cabled that Argentine ad
vices were that In the provinces of Cordova,
I Santa Fe and Rios the crop was destroyed by
the drought. Other reports gave an Irrepara
ble damage in the three provinces of about 70
per cent.
Chicago was firm, but opened inactive. Later
on the feeling became stronger and the sea
board reported a large export business, while
there were E.ome direct foreign acceptances at
Chicago. Wall street continued to buy the lo
cal commission houses became liberal' buyers
and the market broadened out at the close'
Bradstreet's clearances from all ports for the
week were 4,952.000 bushels.
This market continued to increase In strength
and quotations advanced, both in the shipping
market and on call.
Spot AVheat-ShlppIng, 98%c<J??l; milling
$1 02>4@l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:13 o'clock —'December—
2000 ctls, $1 00%; 24,000, ?1 O0H. May— 1" 000
Jl 05; 10,000, $1 04%. • ' '
Second Session— 6000 ctls. $1 05H ; 8000, SI 05H
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls'
$1 05%; 24.000. *1 05; . Jl 05%. December-1
10,000. .$1 00%.
Afternoon Session— May— S00O ctls, Jl 05%
BARLEY— There was no change to report In
the situation, all dealers quoting a qulet'mar
ket both here and In the" country.
Feed. 73%<J?75c for choice bright, 72^c for No
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77%«i82» / 4c; Chevalier. 95c@$l 05 per ctl
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales. \u25a0
Second Session — No sales.
; Kegular Morning Session — No sales
Afternoon Session— December — 400 ctls 70V c
4000. 70%c. '. * C>
OATS— Receipts were lighter, but the market
was heavily supplied and dull at unchanged
quotations. , °
Grays. Jl@l 20; whites. Jl 15@1 30; black Jl®
1 20. and red, Jl 05@l 17V4 per ctl. " W
CORN— Chicago was flrm. St. Louis reported
free selling for Texas.
In' this market the feeling continued weak
with still lower quotations named for the State
product.. Another lot of 500 ctls came In from
the East, but it is thought that these .import
ations will be small, as Chicago quotations ar«»
too high for this market. '
Large yellow is quoted at $1 40@l 42%- small
round yellow. Jl 40@l 42«; white. Jl «S East
ern corn, nominal. .
RYE— Neglected and freely offered at 72Vifl
76%c per ctl. ™ v
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal: none in first hands.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR-Callfornla Family Extras. - $3 25®
S B0, usual terms; Bakers' Extras/ $3 15^3 » 5 .
Oregon. $2 50@2 75 . per barrel for family and "
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; "Washington bakers' J2 75
@3. .' • . . '
. MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. *3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. J2 75- Ry£
Meal. J2 50; Rice Flour, J7: Corn Meal, ' S3 25
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats, J5; Hominy J4
@4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25: Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour
JS 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). : J6 85@8 35; In sacks'
J6 50®8: Pearl Barley, J5; Split Peas. J5- Green
Peas. J6 50 per 100 lbs. * ' oreen
Hay and Feedstuff sy
' Hay was - steady and unchanged.' Receipts
were 1006 tons. • Including 69 cars. There was
nothing new, In Feedstuff s. •'
BRAN— J19@20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J20 50(f 21 50 per ton. - *
FEEDSTUFFS- Rolled Barley. J16@17 per ton-
Oilcake Meal at the. mill. $27@28; Jobbing, $23 50
@29; Cocoanut Cake. J20@21; Corn Meal S33-3
34: Cracked Corn, $33 5O@34 50; Mixed Feed J1S
@19. :
HAT— Wheat, $9(512; • fancy. ' $12 B0- Wheat
and Oat, $S 50@ll 50; Oat. $8® 10; Barley and
Bradstreet' s on Trade.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
HOI'S— At London— 1'ucltic Coa«t,. flrm, £3 him
to £3 Us.
Exports of Canned Goods.
Exports of canned goods from thl» port dur-
Jng: the flret nine months of the year were
:.92,E00 cases, atrainst 449,616 during: the earn*
<.ime in 1900, the heaviest shipments being as
itollows: To Great Britain. 81.&47 cases; Aus
tralia. 16.129; New Zealand. U.632: China.
!22.€SE: Japan. 12,771: Indta. S84O; British Colum
'bia, 8CS6; South Africa. 0614.
I Weather Report.
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FBANCISCO. Oct. 25. 1901—5 p. m.
Th« folloTrlcg are the Beaaonal rainfalls to
<late. es compared with those of the same date
last reason, and rainfall In the last twenty
lour hours:
Last 24 This Last
Stations— Hours. Season. Eeaeon.
Ilureka 0.00 4.31 5.42
Tied Bluff COS 1.96 3.C5
fiacramento -' Trace 0.5S 1.C2
«>»n Francieco 0.01 0.83 1.43
3'resno 0.00 0.5J 0.44
Independence Trace 0.77 0.84
«?an Lnie Obltpo 0.02 O.Sfl 1.93
JjOb Angeles 0.00 0.12 0.26
«an Diego 0.00 O.CB 0.30
Ean Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
ICE: minimum. 5S; mean, 62.
The followlne maximum and minimum tem
jjeratures were reported from Eastern statior.s:
Cincinnati. G4-40; Boston. 52-36; Washington.
<4-S6; JacksonvlUe. S2-5S: New York, 54-3S;
Kansas Oty. 80-M; Omnha, 78-52: Duluth, 46-3S:
l>alt Lake City, 68-46; Chicago, C2-42; St. Louis,
53-4S; Philadelphia. 60-3S.
THE COAST RECORD.
6TATIOS. S rs?3.g,| » o f
Aetorla 29.84 74 ?4 E Clear .0
.'Baker 30.08 72 3S 6E Pt Cldy .0
Oaraon 30.04 C4 46 N\V Cloudy .12
TEureka. 29. SO 64 54 N Cloudy .0
Treeno r9.&6 76 C2 E Cloudy .0
Flagstaff 80.M CO 22 -E Pt Cldy .0
IPocatello. Idaho.. .80. 12 €8 40 M" Cloudy .0
29. SI C8 E2 S Cloudy T.
I^os Angelea 29.68 7S 66 W Cloudy .0
IPboe-nlx 2».M S& SS SE Cloudy .0
Portland :3.SS 74 54 N\Y Clear .0
:fle<J Bluff 29. t-6 71 C6 N Cloudy 0.1
Koseburg M.te 74 T2 \V Pt Cldy .0
l=*cramento 19. S6 72 CO NE Cloudy T.
iFalt Lak.- 80.12 «8 46 SW Cloudy .0
iSan Francisco li.SSs C8 tS SW Cloudy ,<:1
lEan Luis Obispo...2>.92 74 CO PE Cloudy .02
Ban Diego SO.CO us l& w Cloudy .0
'Seattle fj.H 70 40 KW Clear .0
tEpokane So.0« 70 40 N Clear .0
:N>«hBay 28.92 CS f.2 1: Clfar .0
HValla Walla 80.00 70 4S S Clear .0
*V\'lnneaiucca 30.00 €2 40 N Cloudy T.
Tuma M.90 81^ CO SB^ Pt Cldy .0
Tfmptrtturg-7 a. m.. tS intntn.
\u25a0RXATUEB CONDITIONS AND GENEItAL
FOHECAST.
The rrcTiuTt la bepinninjj to fall along the
«»a«t north cf Caj>e DUuaeo. Cloudy, thowtry
rrevall* ever nearly all of Cnllfornla.
The temperature l.us fallrn elowly In the Rreat
valley* and ulone the tfi«-rraj«.
A lhun<Jerrtorm Is rrportcd at Carson City. '
Conditions are etl!l unfavorable for fair
HfathPT. and raiEin-tnal:rrs are advised to kef'p
liiPlr fruit vndVr cover.
Forecast D.ndc at Fan Francisco for thirty
lioure «>ndins midnipht. October 2fl, U01:
Northern California— Cloudy, unsettled werth
*t Saturday, with \u25a0bowen; Crab southeast
'Hcd.
Bouthern California— Cloudy, unsettled wcath
"'f Saturday, possibly showers; fresh gouthca-t
*»1nd.
Nevada— Shurrers Saturday, cooler; fresh
Routheriy winds.
6an Francisco and vicinity— Clcafiy. unsettlri
•weather Saturday, probably showers; fresh
*outhea£t wind.
ALEXANDER G. SlcADIE. I
Forecast Official. j
CHICAGO, Oct. 25.— Slightly Improved cables
brought the initial bulge In wheat with De
oember >ic to h*c higher at 71'ic to 71>ic. Trade
was on- a broader scale, although \u25a0 it showed
but little improvement so far as outside inter
ests were concerned. Bears were Inclined to
keep the market down, but when both public
1 and private ndvlcei reported from CO to 70
I per cent to total damage In three of the prin
cipal crop center* of ArKentluu, this market
1 l>e£nn to take u*>wurd Epurtu. Knrui>ean <nl-
I vlcei on this fcore, nuwever, were dltiappolnt-
I lilt', neither Antwerp nor Llver^oul cablet>
I rohpondlntf. Tho Northwestern , movement
: K^emH to Inivf begun aauln, but thlw wax
I hiii-illy taken Into account, and llbernl pur
i-Ii.ihi k fur ••x'liii-i and i-fpurtH uf bad weather
for. our new crui> brnught HteHdy udvancev.
December never ifot below ltn lower opening
inlie and hoM us high as 7l : !.Li\ cIcsinR xiikiik,
\u25a0Ato'li" above yeiitorflny'H cIoho, at /lHfi^l^c.
Corn wan eHHlly imlli-il, but. there was not
Mini id-:ii-ral buylnK that marked the operHtlonti
<i( the pan few <1uyN uml nil tho utrcnglh wuh
not hold. December cloned barely llrm, \'»<U\i*:
hlKher, Ht ro'i,.'.
; nuts ruled ntnm::. th- hn>a(1(8t markot in
wi-(k«. Ducembvr closed *trune, . Ijij'^u ail*
viiiii-i-il, at SCVic.
I'ravlMUinM held Kteady on u dull market.
Prlccx o:>«n(»(r uteiidy on a MteHdy ,hog wiar
k.n and talin'i Rome Plight - urotmtli frhm
Kr.iliic which It lout on Iliiulilatlnn, January
potk ctoMed fii: higher, lard unchancril und rlba
u fhmlo vr.
The lending futurwt ranged us follows:
Avtlclt(<- Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2-
October 70% 70. 1 70U 70%
December 71'4 71% "1V« 71»i
May 71H 7SH 74V4 75
Corn No. Z —
October 55%
December 66% ."7 66' j 66%
May "... 68% 53Vi \u25a0 BS% 5!»Vi
Oats No. 2— .
October 35Vi 35% 35U 25%
Doctmbir 35% 36'i 35'^ 38<.»
May 37% 2874 37Va 3S',i
Mes? Pork, per bbl—
January 15 10 13 I'M 15 17Vi 15 15
May .15 12'/i 15 22V4 15 12Vi 15 22V4
Lard, oer 100 lbs —
October 9 <"-0 9 00 8 95 8 S5
November 8 97V4 9 «0 8 95 8 97^
January 8 92'^ 8 95 8 !)0 ; 8 92%
May ,8 93 8 97^ 8 95 8 97»i ]
Short Ribs, Der 1C0 lbs—
October 8 30 R 35 8 30 8 .V>
January 7 85 7 87H 7 82H 7 85
May 7 95 7 97% .7 95 7 195
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, flrm;
No. 3 spring wheat, 6Si{?G9V6c; No. 2 red, 71Vi@
71-%c: No. 2 corn, yellow. 57U jf57Vic; No. 2 oats,
37<f?37Vic; No. 2 white. 39@3&Vic; No. 3 white,
SS%@38V*c: No. 2 rye, 55%'c: fair to choice malt
ing .barley, 54@57c; No. 1 flax seed, $153; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 54^4 ; prime timothy seed, $5 60
05 70: iness pork, per bbl, $13 S0@13 85; lard, per
10O lbs. $9^9 05; rhort-rib sides (loose), *8fg>
8 30; dry salted shoulders' (boxed), - 7V4@7%c;
short clear sides (boxed). $8 75@8 85. . \u25a0
Articles—' Receipts.' Shipments.
Flour, barrels 26^000 15,000
Wheat, bushels 191, 0C0 72,000
Corn,- bushels 187,000 \u25a0 102,000
Oatb, bushel? 210. 0C0 319,000
Rye, bushels 18.0C0 2.C00
Barley, bushels 96.0CO 7.CO0
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, • 14@21V4c: dai
ries, 13@19c. Cheese, . steady, 9%@10%c. Eggs,
flrm. fresh, 18'ie.
NEW YORK. Oct. 25.— FLOUR— Receipts, 19,-
SS9 barrels; exports, 7961 -barrels; flrm and
higher; winter patents, ?3 50(53,85; Minnesota
patents.. $3 70@3 95; winter extras, $2 60@2 85.
WHEAT— Receipts. 2S1.400 bushels; exports,
7992 bushels; spot, firm; No. 2 red, 80*ic f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, 77%c elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 1l%2 t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
83%c f. o. b. afloat. Options had a strong day
and secured good advances on heavy covering
by shorts, outside buying, very bullish Argen
tina crop news and large export demand.
Closed strong at ] ic net advance; May, 79%@
80%c, closed at SO^c; October clossd "at '7614c;
December, 77 H-16@77%c, closed at 77%c.
HOPS— Steady. .
HIDES- Firm.
AVOOL— Quiet. * '
COFFEE-Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
e-'ftc; mild. easy. v
SUGAR— Raw,- steady; fair refining. 3 5-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3 13-16c; molasses, sugar,
3 l-16c: refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, ;3610 packages; steady;
State dairy. 14(B24c; creamery, 15@22' / ic; June
.creamery, VV-QilVAc; factory, 12Vi@15c.
KGGS — Receipts, 543S packages; steady; State
and. Pennsylvania, 2V,iil22c: Western candled,
21&c; Western uncandled, 16®21c. x
DRIED FRUITS.
Export business in the market for evaporated
apples was Huht, but there was a steady Job
bins inquiry. -State, common to good. ftgSc;
prime. 8%c; choice, 9c; fancy, «V4@iH4c. Cali
fornia dried fruits were inactive. Prunes, 3»4
®7c. Apricots— Royal, S^ttc; Moorpark. S@
12c. Peaches— Peeled. ll@JSc; unpeeleci, 6@9 l .4c
Chicago & East 111.... ,\ .... 124
Chicago at a Western.. is>,ouo 2tift Sa-* 2»-f$
CniuiBO & u W a prd.. wo w-^ w 84
Chicago <* U W a pra.. I.sjo &!•-, *j% «ft
Cnicago A Nortnweet. . l,inn) 21V-/* 21u 2lu
Cmcago itl 4: V Juu 144 143 llt\i
Cnica^o Term & Trans. Ivu m*/, -m^ m^
Chicago X & '1' pra.... +M 71 a^ m^
C C C & Sc Lauis buo 'sia-* ia-,, jk^
Colorado Sout&ern 1,ojO x*-m 1* v 14
Colo Southern 1st pfu ..4
S010 fcfoutheru 2d p».a i4i,j
De.awaio it huosoii 4,6>w 17iVi Ilvfr hhi
Del lAck & West <UJ Z.,4 Zil H^%
Denver & .Kio uranuc.. o'W 45 4*% 44-4
Denver <sc K O ptd 4t>j Hi si-, si
Ert « 27.IKW 42>J 41^J 41H
trie Za pfd s,4iw <y^j 'd Ja w^
Ene 2d pfd " i,»uu hi 00^ i)ov.
ureat Nortnern pfd .... z\u 19jVi 1*>-h lw
Hocknis Valley 2.4jO 00 oi^ 55
ilocKlntf Vailey pfd yoo W Jo Vij
Illinois Central i,&im 14r>-i 14/ W%
Iowa Central 4,iwO 42V» 41% 41'^
Iowa Central pfd 1,300 <»•?» '18^, ' 7Svs
Lake Krie & "\Veetem.. aw b9 «j' tin
Lake Krie & AVest pfd 12S
J>juis <fc Nashville 2,Wju loUt 104 li»4
Manhattan!, i.soj l.'l^ 119 liaH
Metropolitan St'Ry .... i.SuO lo?h 156 157
Mexican Central boo 22» s 22H 22U
Mexican National &00 14' 14 ia?i
Minneapolis & tit Louis. SW llu% lu»4 llo?,,
Missouri Pacific 6.4UO Kt>»i 9i? 8 »6%
Missouri. Kantas & Tex \u25a0 251*
Missouri Kan & T pfd. I'm) 53 50 50 "
New Jersey Central you H>7'4 lb«J 165
New York Centi-ul 4,iuo lo9V* 13S 1 /. 15iW
Norfolk & Western .. 17.50U 57 5(514 5«'A
Norfolk & 'vV'eet iifu... lou sji^ 8UV- »J
Northern Paciiic pfd... 2,o«'0 1U3^ lfj " lu. ¥ «!i
Ontario & Western .... 2.'.9i>j 34^ 34 Vi 34V;
Pennsylvania 9,000 147^ g 147 14<
Keadinc 71.LVJ iVA Khii 42H
Reading 1st pfd 10,900 77-% 16% 7«'Vi
Readtng 2d pfd 23,100 54H 53V4 54
et Loufs & San Fran.. 200 iz\i 4 n i 4'"«
St L & S F 1st pfd 300 77'*. 77' 76V-
St Louis & S F 2d pfd.. 20) 67 67 C&
St Louis Southwestern 100 27 27 "tii
St I-ouls S W pfd 300 53'i 5b»i 50*.
St Paul S7.600 171U 16SV» 169Ja
St Paul pfd .-. ... im*
Southern Pacific 23.SW (;u=j C) GOVi
Southern Railway 5,200 32% V% ?>''**
Southern Railway pfd.. 400 S1V» 87 ?7-
Texas & Pacific 701 39>i 3;l SS^i
Toledo SLA West.... WO 204 20' j, 20VI
Toledo S L & West pfU 7. . •»»'?
Union Pacinc SO. 600 l02Vi 10114 IO1"2
Vnion Pacific jifd 2.KC0 SSTi g9u SOU
Wabafh 200 50% SO'*. "0^
WHhnPh pfd uh) 37 36*i 3CV,
Wheeling Si Lak» B»ie !. .. 1714
Wheeling & L F. 23 pfd j$i,*
Wisconsin Ontral 400 2Wi 21 21 "
Wisconsin Central p.'d.. 200 42 41 41
Bxpreci Companies—
Adoma ]53
.\m«Tlr«n j'jf)
I'nlted Ptates .... 90
Wcll'-Faren 151)
Mi^prllancouc—
AmalKanatul Copper... 23." r -0 S3U W\ fRU
American Cur & Fndry 2i» 2.".'i 2sii I.
Anu-r l-«r A- FnJry pfd 100 $0*i, S0*i SO
American I.lns^o.i Oil in
Amer Llnnccd Oil pfd 47
Amor f ; m«>ltlnjr & RefnK 43U
Anier Snicltu * Hof j»f<l tlVi
Anuri^nila Mining Co.... E00 S6'<i 31 S.Vy,
l'ro<.kiyn Itapjtl Tranjilt lO.ff.0 C2 00% wj.
Colorado Fuel & Iron... l,6O» PS 83 U «4
C.-in<»cl Oatod Oas 8.700 216',$ 211 2ir,
Ccntlnrr.ini Tobacco pfd nsu
Ofneral Kleotrlc 253'
niucore Siisar l.ftf.fl 4M4 40 41
Hockins Cool 100 14V4 1O4 H'4
International 1'aper I1.7P0 21 20 23'
Int?rnnt!onal I'npcr pfd CW 77>i "0 76
Internatinnnl Power 400 90 fO $"">4
l.dclnip Ga» • t)2u
Nfit'.onnl HIscuit 1C0 42U 42*4 41V4
N'aticn.-.l Lead : tsi:
National Pait 31
r.':;tirnal Pnlt pfd 64
N'orth American 200 S4VJ Pivi «).*>
Pacific i.'nart C2
Pacific Mall $r.o 4t v t 43&i 4i»4
Pcoplo's Gcs 65.3r.O 1(13% 101% 103H
rrf-rpert Ptccl Car 1.100 4074" 40% 40%
Vrcz.-il St^el Car pfd... 1.000 S3 82 F2
Pul Irian I'alace Car ]ni» 220 220 2H
Republic Bte*J S-;o 15% is«4 15%
Hepublip Ftepl pfd 1.100 6>lVa flfiH fi6H
Puffar 4.500 120% mv. 1131:
I Trnr.PFfoe l>al & Jrfrr.. 1.700- C* rX)\ fil'
T'r.ion Bas & Pai>er Co. 1.SC0 14H 14% 14
V'ninn Bag & P Co pfd 70
Tn'ted States Leather... 7ftO 12U J2 12
T S Leather p'd 200 Sl»i SIM, fW 4
United States Rubber... V,0 1SV4 l.jU 15M
r B p.ubbpr pfd 100 so r.o- o
l.'nite^ States Steel 5.7«0 43 49% 4->.v,
O-S Steel pfd 5.80O 32% »1% Sl^i
Western Lnion < sjiij
Tctal sales 657.9C0
CLOSING BONDS.
V S refunding 2s. (Hocking Val 4%s..ir,0U
reg lOSH'L & Nash uni 4s..lPl' 4
do coup .\u25a0 l0S\i Mex Cent 4s g.3:*
do 3s reg Ki7Vx| do 1st inc .• 30U
do coup 10S»i Minn & St L 4s...lOJ»i
do new 4s reg....l3S M K & T 4s 99fe
do coup 133 do 2ds . 79s?
<lo old 4s reg 111*4 N T Cent lsts .!".!llCSV
do coup lllvil do gen 3Vis 109
do 5s reg : 106.H j N J Cent gen 5s ... 1 3%
do coup 10. b ! North Pac 4s..-.. 104%
Atohlson Ken 4s 103 | do ?s 72?'
do adj 4s 97'.^ Norf & \V con"4s!"l0"i
Balto & Ohio 4s... U2',. Reading gen 4s 87"
d0 31 'J 8 •; ,»; St L & I M con B».115«
do conv 4s 10<%|St L & S F 4s.. . !)5
Can. South 2ds — 10S»i Et Louis S W lsts. 9S%
Cent of Ga £s 1CS do 2de ?o
do lf=t lnc 71i,«'s A & Ar Pass 4s' 87
Che3 & Ohio 4-4s..lO7 1 ,4 ; South Pac 4s 9314
Chi & Alton 3^s.. Sa 1 *: South Ry 5s.. '"119S
CBiQ new 4s... 9SVi Tex & Pac lsts " \"^
C M & S P g 4s...110V».Tol St L & W 4s" 82
C & X W C3n 7s.. 13') [Union Pac 4s my-.,,
C n. I & Pac 4a 106%! do conv 4s ... "lOv
C C C & St L g 4S.103 iWabanh lsts .. "120
Chi Term !s 94 | do 2ds hql:
Colo & South 4s.... SSHl do deb B . "" ssv
D & R G 4s.-. 102% j West Shore 4s"""li3%
Erie prior Hen 4s.. 59 | Wheel & L B 4s 9li?
do gen 4s »7%-WI» Cent 4s " £$1;
Ft W & D C lsts.. 107% Con Tobacco 4s 64
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con " 18 Little Chief ... i»ii
1 Alice 40 Ontario " 1 S
Breece 1 41 Opnir tn
Brunswick Con ... 09 Phoenix ] 06
Comstock Tunnel.. 06 Potosl ..'„" 05
Ccn Cal & Va 1 75 Savage .'" OS
Deadwood Terra .. oO Sierra Nevada 16
Horn Silver 1 90 Small Hopes ... 40
Iron Silver COIStandard 3 80
Leadvllle Con ..... 05|
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westingh Elec ... 72 •
Call loans 3{?-4: Bonds —
Time loans l'Q*\i N E G & Coke 5s S'Xi
Stocks— • I Mining shares—
Atchison 78^4 Adventure 23V4
do.prcfd 36 l ,4'Blngham llin Co.. 30
Am Sugar 119-Ji Amalg Copper SSU.
Am Telephone 15S»<- Atlantic. 36
Boston Elevated ..14C Calumet & Hecla 675
Boston & Maine... 193 Centennial 17a,.
Dom Coal 45',i Franklin 17
do prefd 11(*4 Humboldt ;. 50
U S Steel 42% Osceola 100
do prefd 91!* Parrot ...... 3714
Mex Cent 2S Qutncy 160
X E G & Coke 5 Eanta Fe Copper... 4U
Old Colony 206^ Tamarack 295
Old Dominion 27V* Utah Mining 23U
Rubber 15 Wlnona .'..... 2x1
Union Land 2\i 60
West End SS',4 v
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 25.— Close— Money on call
was steady at 3%(g4 per cent; last loan, 3^
per cent; Drlme mercantile paper. 4%@5 per
cent. Sterling exchange was strong, with ac
tual business In bankers' bills at 14 86%®
4 SS'.i for demand and . at $4 $3%<3i 83% for
sixty days; posted rates, $4 84V4@4 85 and
4 87%; commercial bills. $4 S3@4 83%. Bar sil
ver, £7^4c; Mexican dollars, 45y.c. ' Bonds—
Governments, firmer; States, inactive- rail
roads, irresrular. .... '
Condition of the Treasury.
•WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— To-day's etate-
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
October 24, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
, \u25a0 Percentage.
Cities— Amount Inc. Dec.
New York $1,226,122,116 13.1
Chicago 1GO.184.96S. 18.6
Boston 134,026,843 12.7 ....
Philadelphia 160.757.S76 19.1 ....
St. Louis 43,657,789 26.9
Plttsburg 38,359,606 18.2
Baltimore 21,022,805 9.9 ' ....
San Francisco 24,809,534 20.1 ....
Cincinnati 17,328,750 - 28.1
Kansas City ' 19,886.795 14.8
Minneapolis 17,580,747 -\u25a0\u25a0 10.4 -
Cleveland 12.4S2.751 12.4 ....
New. Orleans 13.433.200 8.6 ....
Detroit rC 13.14M.309 67.8
Louisville 8,413,737 9 1
Indianapolis 9.29S.420 51.0 ....
Providence 9,384,200 3.8
Omaha -... 7,532,308 15.2 ....
Milwaukee 6,062,777 .' 5.9
Buffalo 5,860,025 17.8
St Paul 5.S31.972 4.G
Savannah 5,101,274 .... 20.1
Denver 5.669.247 32.1
St. Joseph 4,074,374 29.6
Richmond 4.U32.52S 3.8
Memphis 3,823 '21 (ii
Seattle 3,853,110 25.4
Washington 2,933,831 .... ....
Hartford • 2.240.3S5 10.7
Los Angelea 3,249,923 54.9
Salt Lake City 4.302,502 72.8
Toledo 2.233,059 3.1
Portland. Or 3,309,243 36.1
I Rochester 2.06S.93H 10.7 " ...'.
I Peoria 2.544,9. ) S 9.7 . ....
Fnrt Worth 3.194, C32 55 8
Atlanta 3.123,543 3S.1
.Nortu.k 1,4CC,567 2.6
Des Moines 1,561.385 8.3
New Haven 1.3CS.033 14.1
Springfield. Mass... 1.391,725 11.4
Augusta 2.130,189 "7.9
Xarhvllle 1,494.649 s!o
Worcester 1,670,286 16.9
Grand Kaplds 1,229,190 2 7
Sioux City 1.701,716 4.1
Dayton. Ohio l.U.9,023 8.0
.Syracuse 1.314.059 17.8
; Scrnnton 1.291,121 23.3
Portland. Me 1,398.422 20 5 '
Spokane 1.407,310 2S.8 ....
Tacoma 1,322.083 J0.3
Evansvllle SH5.S17 4 2
Wilmington, Del... 1,173.991 36.0
Davenport S94.832 .... 97
Fall River 1,054,822 .... 17 g
Birmingham 921.574 2 9
Topcka l. 345,219 2;,. 3 \\"
Macon 1,037,01)0 42.0 !
Little Rock 903,793 2)1
Helena flin.;,33. .... \' u "a
Knoxvlllo 601,893 10.8 ' ..
Lowell 7.">4,C00 .... 90
Wichita 413.303 "
Akron fii2.rnO 23,0
New Bedford 600.095 SO. 7
Lestlnirton 4 1 .'2,38f> .... in
KprlliKneM. Ill M1.767 JC.4
Ilinrch«mton ...i. ... D-19,700 7.s
Chattanooga ' 4M,mi 3.4 ,'.['
Kalamazot 878,913 .... 30
VuTfta M«,24O .... «
Younpnown 417.06S AS 0
SjJifuKJl.-l.I. Ohio... 2T..741 205 ""
nockfcnl R«6,311 21 1 """"
Canton 870.WMI 34,0
.Tncknonv;|lc 370,707 $3.0
Floux Falls 2GS.9IH 2W.3
Fremont lf«.977 an. ft . i
noomlnston. 111....- 263.833 19.0
Jacksonville. Ill l.'6.443 20.0
tColumbus, Ohio... 6.S37.OC0 lit) S '.'.'.' l
tttalvmton 10,494.000 20 8
tllou?ton 12.SSrt.SM .... ij'i 1
{Colorado Springs.. $C3.£fiB
IWhcoJing. W. Va. 671. «22
{Chester ?S3.737 "'"
SWilkesbarre 756,534 .... ,,,,
\u25a0Totals U. S |LP8M52,815 'HI '
Outiide N. Y e;3.18S,0C9 .... o.;';6
CANADA.
Montreal '. $16,493,941 7 •> I
Toronto 12,214.397 3.8 "" I
Winnipeg 3,305,796 44.7
Halifax 1,504,232 .... 12 s
Vancouver. B. C... 1,107.190 .. a'7 j
Hamilton S74.645 7 3
St. -John.- N. B 661314 ri'i
Victoria, B. C 67S.542 " . .
JQuebec I,371,u36 ..'.'. '.'.'.'.
Totals..: $36.S43.1S6 6.2 ~
tNot included In totals because containing
other items than clearings. {Not included in
totals because of no comparison for last year
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit to-day: Grapes— Tokays,
single crates, 75c@$l 20, average $1 01; Muscats,
single crates, 65c@$lJ>5, I average 84c; Cornl
chons. single crates, . $1 10@l 30, .average $118;
assorted, single crates. $1 15© 1 25, average
$1 17; quarter-crate Cornlchons, 55c@$l SO, aver
age 61c; Tokays, quarter-crates, 25<&80c, aver
age 61c. Pears— B. Clairgeau. boxes, $2 05@2 30,
average $2 08; W. Nellis, boxes. $2@2 20, aver
age $2 05; E. Buerre, boxes, $1 30@l 50, average
$1 35; Morceau, boxes, $1 05@l 35, average $1 32;
Morceau, half-boxes, 60c@$l 20, average 81c; W.
Nellis, half-boxes, 80c@$l 25, average U 12.
Prunes— Italians single crates. $1 05@l 25, aver
age $1 11; Silvers, single crates, average 00c.
Thirteen cars sold to-day. Weather cool and
pleasant. I '
CHICAGO, Oct. 25.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit to-day: • Prunes— Italians,
single crates, E5@S0c, average 72c. Pears—Vi
cars, boxes, $1 55@2 60, average $1 70; Idaho,
boxes, 50@76c, average 60c. Six cars sold to
day. Weather dry and cool.
BOSTON, Oct 25.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices at its auction
sale of California fruit: Grapes — Muscat, sin
gle crates, average $1 55.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. So.— The Earl Fruit
Company realized the following prices at its
sale of California fruit at auction: Grapes-
Tokay, single crates, S0c@$l 65, average $1 17;
do double crates, $2 15@3 30, ' average $2 42.
Weather favorable. .
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruits: Grapes— Muscats, $1 60,
double crates $2 45@2 70. average $2 63; Tokays.
$1 50®l 75, average $164, double crates $3 20®
3 30, average $3 25; Cornlchons, $1 65@1 75, aver
age $1 73, double crates $3 15@3 55, average
J3 46: assorted, $1 75@2, average $1 80. Five
cars sold to-day. Weather fine.
NEW YORK. Oct. 25.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruits to-day: Moroccos, $1 35®
2 75, average $1 91; Muscats, 75c@$4, average
$2 16; Emperors, $1 15; assorted, $1 1O@3 13, aver
age $1 E3; W. Nellis, $2 20; Morceaus, $2 25; E.
Buerre, $1 75@3 03, average $2 80; B. Diels, $1 33;
Coes, late reds. 90(S95c, average 91c; 'Damascus,
75c; B. Bosc, $1 95; Columbus, $2 75; clusters,
$2 40@2 75 average $2 62 r Tokays. $1 10<gl CO,
average $1 18, double crates ?2@3 90, average
$3 30; Cornlchons,- $1 15@1 20, average $1 18,
double crates $2 S0@3 30, "average $3 02; Ver
dells. C0c(S$l 05, average S9c. Thirteen cars sold
to-day. Weather pleasant.
New York Coffse Market. ' •
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— Coffee futures opened
steady at an advance of 10@15 points on cov
ering by shorts. Total sales, 64,730 bags, in
cluding-: October, $6 10; November, $6@6 05;
December, $6 15@6 20; January, $6 25; Febru
ary, $6 25; March, $6 35@6 50; April. $3 40; May.
%:> 55i?j 5 60; June. $6«5; July. $6 73® 6 85; Au
gust. |6 SO; September. $6 90@6 95.
• v Nciv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— The market for cotton
futures opened steady, 2 points lower to 3
points higher, and closed 1@5 points net lower.
. . Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Oct. 23.-Clearings, $524,110; bal
ances, $73,591. •
, Nor tii em Wheat Mat kct.
OREGON. - • ;
PORTLAND, Oct. 25:— WHEAT— Walla Wai- j
la, 55r<j53V4c: Valley. 56©56V±c. • • * .
Cleared— German ship Rickmer RIckmers,
with 111,300 bushels wheat; British bark May
field, 131,563 bushels wheat, both for Queens
town.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 23.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
Blue Stem, 55Hc; Club, 54>,ic
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Oct. 25. — Consols, J>2 5-16; 'silver,
-f.-Vi; French rentes, JOOf 30c; cargoes on pun
mgc, quiet uml xtendy; cargoes No. i standard
California, JSa 3d; lareoeH Walla Walla, 27*
lul^d; Kncllsh country market*, firm.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. iS.— Wheat, Dim; No. 1
«t«ndnr<l California. r.« lOHdQra lid; whom in
Phi-Ik, dull;., flour In Parlx. dull; French coun
try mi.rkcm, ateady; weather In KnglunJ,
overcoat, \u25a0 •
COTTON-UplunuV. 4 il-ltd.
CLOSING.
Silver zvcaker again. Exchange about the same.
JVhcat continues to advance sloialy.
Barley steady. Oats dull. Corn and Rye zveak.
Hay steady and unchanged. \u25a0 Feedstuff s as before quoted.
Beans depressed under excessive receipts. •
Dried Peas in light supply and firmer.
Butter zreak again, under larger receipts. .
Cheese and Eggs quiet at previous quotations.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins dull.
Wool, Hops and Hides as before quoted.
Meat market unchanged.
Coal in fair supply at previous prices.
Potatoes steady and Onions firm.
Peaches and Plums out of market. ,
Poultry and Game about the same. -
Local stocks and bonds quiet. . .
LONDON, Oct. 25. -Anaconda, 7V4; Atchison,
SOH; do preferred, 99%; Canadian Pacific, 113%:
Denver and Rio Grande, 46; do preferred, 95;
Erie, t3%-, Northern Pacific preferred, 107V*.;
Southern Pacific, 62V4; Union Pacific. 104%; do
preferred, 62; United States Steel, 44>4; do pre
ferred, 61%; money steady. 2 per cent.
CLOSING.
The Bank of England Is still lending money
to the market Discounts are 2%,. but' the
banks are chary lest the Bank of England rate
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser s London financial cablegram says:
Apprehension over the money situation con
tinues. Gold to the amount of $200,000 has gone"
i™ ',* and £13 <>.<X>0.to Egypt.. There are ru
mors of an impending French loan of 30,000,000
francs to cover the budget deficit. It Is sug
gested that the recent gold shipments have
been in this connection.
In the market American stocks were lazy
?? y> , Tnen New York came as a buyer of
the coalers, notably Norfolk and Western and
Ontario and Western. The latter was assisted
by a revival of the old story or a contemplated
amalgamation with the New York Central.
L/nlon Pacific was active, but finally lost Its
strength. ,
London Market.
JJfiS* ° f J h J , Treas «ry balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, $169,034,358; gold. $103,704,847.
L SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Copper waa 7s 6d better at London, .with
spot quoted at £64 12s 6d and futures at £63 2s
6d. Here the market was quiet • at $16 85@17
for Lake Superior and $16 37%@16 62V4 for cast
ing and electrolytic.
Lead was dull here at $4 37&, and £11 10s In
London. -^. \u25a0
\u25a0 Domestic iron markets were dull but steady.
Piglron warrants, $9 50@10 50; No. 1 Northern
foundry, - $15@16; No. 2 foundry. Southern, $14
@15;No. 1 foundry, Southern, $14 50@15 50; No.
1 Southern foundry, , soft, $14 50@16. Glasgow
warrants closed at 54s 9d and Mlddlesboro
closed at 44s 10%d.
London values were unchanged at £16 17s 6d.
'At London tin was without change and
quoted at £114 5s for spot" and £106 15s for fu
tures, while at New York prices eased oft 10
points under realizing and closed at $24 80-8
24 85. *r .
liverje« by manufacturers of staple lines, while
opening transactions In 'fancy goods for the
holidays are unusually 'early, showing that
dealers anticipate , a large trade, - 1 Prices of
commodities rule firm and collections are satis
factory, even Southern payments coming: for
ward promptly now that the tardy cotton crop
has. .begun to. move freely. Each week the
situation as to Iron and steel becomes more
? n -, ( i oura S ln S. .orders running to the middle of
1902 in many products. There is much work
nj progress or ' preparing, promising many
*R. ready to start next year. | The feature
or the week was the placing of enormous orders
for steel rails, practically assuring another
record-breaking output. Other- railroad sup
plies are also in great demand, the most serious
amount felt at the many points on account of
shortage. Added to this is much structural
work in replacing wooden r bridges by steel
arches, and < in the minor lines there Is an
equally vigorous demand, t Pig iron reflects the
brisk movement on finished products and higher
prices are anticipated. It is worthy of • note
that the domestic situation is not called to
stimulate export trade and the loss of much
foreign business may be directly attributed to
the strike, which put the mills s» tar .behind
on home needs. Coke ovens are active and
the output is large, but lack of cars and motive
power restricts shipments. Coal deliveries are
similarly retarded, the dealers being often un
able to nil more than a small proportion of
their orders. On woolen goods conditions are
quiet on account of the warm weather, but
mills are fully, occupied and' producers vpf knit
goods have orders for some time. I Strength
in the raw material Is conspicuous, • mHU buy.
ing freely. More steady prices are received
by domestic wheat growers last year's figures
being surpassed, notwithstanding the largely
Increased yield Just harvested. Smaller crops
of other cereals and hay caused the use of
much wheat in fattening live stock and with
lard more than 2 cents above last year's prices
and mess pork $3 a barrel this was a most
profitable proceeding.' Foreign buying is also
heavy, exports for the week. Including flour,
amounting to 4,894,988 bushels' against 3,954,260
bushels last year and 3,188,493 bushels in 1899.
There is- also a tendency to hold back for still
higher prices, as - Indicated by Western re
ceipts of only 6,182,393 bushels, against 7,411,057
bushels a year ago
Failures for the week numbered In the United
States 240, against 205 last year, and 29 In
Canada, against 28 last year. /
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1901.
California Fruit Sales.
Bank. Clearings.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
12YOKOHAMA, Oct. 25.— The attempt to
dispose fibroad of bonds of 50,000,000 j'en
has failed. This. Jt is expected, will se
riouely affect the position of the Cabinet.
Je.pan Cannot Sell Bonds.
Wireless Telegraphy Between Islands
PARIS, Oct. 25.— A private wireless tele
graph system has been established " be
tween Spezzia and Sardinia, a distanco of
200 kidometres. '
Pottery Plant Is, Burned.
ZANESVILLE. O., Oct. 25.— The plant
of the .Zanesville Art Pottery Company
was burned to-night. Loss JS0.003.
PARIS. Oct. 25.— According to Le
Figaro. Daniel Osiris, a \ftalthy Parisian,
has • written to M. Santos-Dumont, the
Brazilian aeronaut, offering him the sum
of 100,000 francs, as an equivalent of the
prize which the Aerostation Beems disin
clined to award him in the competition
promised by M. Deutsch.
Off srs Reward to Aeronaut.
TERRIBLE EXPLOSION
OF GAS IN A MINE
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Oct. 25.-A terri
ble-explosion of gas-occurred in the But
tonwood mine of the Parish Coal-Com
pany, situated a mile south of this cltyy
to-day, whiqh caused the death of five
men and the injury of nine others. The
killed: • . ' • \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0.
EBENEZER WILLIAMS. \u25a0
COMER WILLIAMS.
THOMAS GUEST.
THOMAS PRICE. '\u25a0'\u25a0'.-&&
W. S. PHILLIPS. '
OTTUMWA, Iowa, Oct. 25.— John Silver
wrlarht of Kansas City, the first victim
of the Burlington wreck at Exllne to die,
pasted away during the night. Mr. and
Mrs. Wyiiian Marlon of Lancaster, Mo.,
an old coiinle. and James Mace of Union
vllle. Mo., are expected to die soon. . Six
Others were seriously hurt and twenty
five were slightly Injured.
Train Wreck Victims Are Dying.
BOULDER, Col.. Oct. 25.— Professor Dr.
"William Duane of the department of
jihysics lit the State university declares
that the noted authorities and text books
in physics have been making an error for
years in regard to the siphon. It has been
universally stated hertofore that a siphon
will not carry liquid higher than the at
mosphere will force a column of liquid.
Dr. Duane says he has established by
experiment that liquid will rise from ten
to fifteen per cent higher than the atmos
phere wi:i force a column, a phenomenon
which he explains by the cohesive force
of the liquid. _\u25a0-•.-
Professor of Physic3 in Colorado Ad
vances New Theory About
the Siphon.
SAYS HE HAS FOUND
MISTAKE OF SCIENTISTS
Several suspects are under surveillance,
but it seems that the one who Is believed
to be the leader of the gang has . eluded
the pursuers. The general opinion pre
vails that both of the robbers are in this
city and that there is no possibility, oi
their making their escape. ., <
Several Suspects Are Under SuVveil
lance, but the Leader Is Balieved
to Have Escaped.
EUGENE, Or.. Oct. 25.— There are ho
arrests yet "of the robbers who held up
the Southern Pacific Express train near
Walker's station on Wednesday morning.
The officers are working up evidence and
hope to h^ve tho men behind the bars In
a short time. Yesterday they were
strongly of the opinion that only one man
was implickted in the affair, but now they
are almost certain that there \u25a0 were en
least two.
OREGON TRAIN ROBBERS
• ELUDE THEIR PURSUERS
At 6 o'clock this evening, on Main street,
•within a block of the above establishment,
a tall w;ll-dressed stranger ordered a
drink in the Dewey saloon, then com
manded the bartender and six men to
throw up their hands, took $30 from the
cash register and quietly backed out,
keeping i:he men covered.
HELE.VA. Mont., Oct. 25.— Early this
morning a big safe In the Sanford-Evans
coal and feed store was blown open with
dynamite and S200 was taken. The rob
bery was not discovered until the opening
time of the store.
Two Sensational Crimes on One Day
Causes Consternation at
Helena, Mont.
SAFE IS BLOWN OPEN
AND MEN AEE HELD UP
MANILA. Oct. 25. — The people of the
Island of Samar have been notified to
concentrate in the towns on pain of being
considered public enemies and outlaws
and treated accordingly. Intense feeling
exists among the troops in Samar. If
they can meet the enemy in the open
there will be great retaliation. Many of
them have seen and the others have
heard of the barbarous treatment to
which the dead American soldiers were
subjected by the Filipinos recently.
Francis de Jesus, Lukban's chief com
missary, was recently captured and taken
to, Cebu. Papers which he had in his
possession have resulted in the arrest of
many of the best-known residents and
civil officials of the, Island of Leyte.
It develops that Billran Island, nortk
of the- Island of Leyte, has been a hotbed
of insurrection. Every civil official there
has been aiding the insurgents of Samar
in -every way. They have landed several
cargoes of rice and have received hemp
in exchange. • *
Several thousand dollars also fell into
the hands of the Americans when, De
Jesus was made prisoner. His capture is
thought to be a great disaster to the
revolutionary cause. .
General Sumner reports a fight which
took place at daybreak Wednesday, at
Taysan. province of Batangas, between
Companies D and I of the First Cavalry
and a band of insurgents. The insurgents
were driven into the mountains. The
cavalrymen destroyed the insurgent bar
racks, storehouse, eight thousand pounds
of rice and many, uniforms and blankets.
The insurgents yesterday attacked San
Jose, province of Batangas, which was
garrisoned by a detachment of the Twen
ty-first Infantry, under Lieutenant Pat
rick A. Connelly. The Americans fought
hard, but were unable to prevent the
burning of. the town.
SHITH AND TRACY
IN A TAME FIGHT
Spar Twenty Rounds to a
Draw and the Crowd
Is Disgusted.
'PORTLAND, Or,, Oct. 25.— A very large
crowd was on. hand, at the Exposition
building to-night ' to. see a twenty-round
contest .between j'MVsterious" Billy Smith
and Tom Tracy of Australia. The men
went the twenty rounds to a draw and the
spectators went home' very much dis
gusted. It. was a clever . sparring match
and nothing more, .the occasional blows
Struck doing no damage to either fighter.
• Inthe preliminary bout "Kid" Robinson,
(colored) of Denver was given the decision
over Morf Freeman (also * colored) of
Spdkane at the end of ten rounds.
Rock-Drilling Contests.
" LEADV rLLE, Colo,, . Oct. :2.i'.— Thfc
second night's drilling contest for^ the
world's championship failed to beat'Mal
ley and Chamberlain's record of last
night. Two Loadvllle teams drilled. •' Mc-
Kcnzie \u25a0 and. Make . drilled SS 7-16 inches
and Stewurt and Tarr 3'5 11-16 inches. The
Butte team. Frethy and Davey, drilled
into an oM hol-3 and wi:l be given another
chance tc-morrow. night.; ..The chances
are thairihe 1. <»ad ville team, Malley and
Chamberlain, will win first, money.
ANGELS CAMP, Oct. 25.— An accident
occurred in the Lightner niine here this
afternoon which caused the death of one
miner and seriously injured another. A
skip loaded with two tons of rock was
taken to the top of the hoist and stopped
before being dumped. The brakes re
fused to hold tne load and the skip
started back down the shaft. The engi
neer tried to clutch the engine to the
other skip, but failed. The engine was
then reversed, but it was too- late to stop
the skip, which shot down the shaft 70.)
feet to the bottom, where Martin Bglon
and John Martinclch were at work muck
ing. Bglon was killed and Martinclch'a
right leg was broken and he was severely
injured otherwise. The skip tore out three
sets of timbers, which were piled upon
Bglon. The engineer said that two hours
before the aocident he had reported to
the foreman that the brakes were unsafe,
but was told to go ahead with the work.
The engineer was almost suffocated by
the smoke caused by the friction of the
engines running reversed, but stayed at
his post trying to stop the skip.
Bglon was about 50 years old. "linmar
ried and a native of Austria. His body
was not recovered until a late hour to
night. ' \u25a0
One Man Killed and Another Seri
ously Injured in an Angels '
Camp Mine.
BRAKES FAIL TO HOLD
ON JROCK-LADEN SKIP
Mahony Club Meeting.
The Albert B. Mahony Central Club of
the Fortieth Assembly District met last
night at Wells Hall, corner of Post and
Flllmore streets, a large and enthusiastic
attendance of representative voteris being
present.
The chairman was instructed to, appoint
a committee of one hundred, five mem
bers from each precinct In the district, to
take charge of Mr. Mahony's canvas3
for County Clerk and look out for his in
terests, so as to roll up a. large majority
for him on election day. Supplemental
rolls will be placed in the different parts
of the district for signatures. The roll
wns signed by 312 voters.
It was decided to have a large meeting
at Franklin Hall on Tuesday evening at
which Mr. Mahony will speak.
GEORGETOWN, Ky., Oct. 25,-The end
of the Caleb Powers trial now seems to
be In Sight. The defense offered no testi
mony in rebuttal. This morning the jury
was taken to Frankfort to. view the scene
of the murder. The jury was accompa
nied by Caleb Powers and two of his
counsel, John F. Douglas, Judge Cantrill.
Commonwealth's Attorney Franklin and
Hendrick, Williams and Golden, repre
senting the State, and four Deputy Sher
iffs.
At 2:15 p. m. Judge Cantrill instructed
the jury that the acts and declarations of
every conspirator indicted with Powers
were the acts and declarations of Powers,
and that if the bringing of the mountain
army to Frankfort was due to Powers
and if that act resulted in Goebel's death,
the prisoner should be found guilty. If
the jury believed Goebel's death resulted
from a conspiracy, even though the orig
inal intention of the conspirators was not
to kill Goebel and the defendant was ab
sent when the shooting occurred; the de
fendant should be found guilty. .
The instructions were strongly for con
viction. The arguments began at - 2:15
p.' m., with four \u25a0 hours allowed to each
side. . The case will ( go to the jury about
noon tc-morrow. - -
Will Support Tobin.
; The Tobin Club of the Fortieth District,
which was organized on Wednesday even
ing, adopted a resolution authorizing the
chair to appoint a campaign committee
to consist of twenty members, one to be
selected from each precinct . in the dis
trict. In accordance with the above reso
lution the president of the club, George
A. Connolly, has appointed the following
gentlemen to serve on that committee:
George F. Casey, Joseph Rothschild, T.
P. Riordan, P. B. Morrissey, Louis T.
Samuels. Sidney M. Van Wyck Jr., P. J
McKeon. Matthew. Brady, S. P. -Ellas, J.
J. Donovan, M. *C. Hassett, Thomas
Moore. Edmond Kenny, R. P. Hooe, Wil
liam, H. Shea. Richard O'Connor, Andrew
Purcell, Edward L. O'Connor, William
Buick and Joseph F. Farrell.
CHOOSES A GUARDIAN"
IN ORDER TO MARRY
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 25.— There will bi
a marriage in this city next Sunday. This
is owing to the persistence of the princi
pals to-day. Joseph L. O'Connor and
pretty Juanita Bailley have long been
engaged. Miss Bailley Is only 17 years
old and an orphan. These are the two
facts that caused the trouble. When
they applied for a marriage license they
were refused because the young lady was
under age and the consent of her parents
or guardian would first 'have to be
obtained.. The services of Attorney E. B.
Martinelli were enlisted and this after
noon Mrs. Joseph Dpnnolly, a friend of
the young persons, applied for and was
granted letters of guardianship by Judge
Angellotti. Mrs. Donnolly then gave her
consent and Clerk Graham issued 'tho
license. . ' ' .
Tobin Club Meets.
The Joseph^S. Tobin Club of the Forty
third District was organized last night at
Apollo Hall. About 200 members signed
the roll and there was much enthusiasm.
The following officers were elected:
James Neil, president; . Frank Petersen
and C. J. Staude," vice presidents; Wil
liam ' Gaff ney, treasurer; Ed Wilson, re
cording secretary; A. : L. Green, corre
sponding secretary; Joseph Burke, ser
geant at arms, and Sam .Newman. Wil
liam Cooney and William Herzogr, district
campaign committee. R. Porter Ashe was
the principal speaker. ; He urged thosa
present to vote for Tobin, who had proved
in the Board of Supervisors that he was
of the right metal. ,. ••
J. E. Barry Club Meets.,
. The J. E. Barry Club of the Fortieth
Assembly District held its initial meeting
last eveninsr in a hall at the corner cf
Post and Broderick streets. There was a
large attendance and the meeting was an
enthusiastic one. The officers are: Presi
dent, L. A. Bethel; secretary, M. L. Leh
man; treasurer. Dr. -Conrad;, sergeant at
arms, E. E. Perkins. * An adjournment
was taken until next Tuesday evening.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Oct. 25. -^Licenses to marry
were issued, to-day to Albert P. .Miller,
21, -and Eugen.e Bernardow, IS, both ol
Berkeley; Henry Brown, 34, Irvington.
and Mary 'Spares. 20. Centerville; Samuel
E. Rhoades, 28. San Francisco, and Eliza
E. Robinson, 42, Alameda; Eugene E.
Trefethen, 26, and lna G. Hoskins/ 22,
both of Oakland.
Scottish Bite Masons.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.-^-The j feature
of to-day's session of the Supreme Coun
cil of Scottish Rite Masons for the south •
em; jurisdiction was the. conferring -of
degrees. • The council adjourned until thj
last Tuesday, in October, 1903. " > .
The entertainment which was given last
right at Odd Fellows' Hall by the Retail
Grocers' Association proved a success. De
spite the threatening weather the hall wls
crowded. The programme proved an en
ttrtaining one and the large audience was
fully repaid for braving the elements. The
feature of the evening was the presenta
tion of a musical comedy farce, entitled
"Politics in a Grocery Store." by the Co
lumbia Minstrel Company. The farce was
accompanied by an interesting musical
programme.
The farce, with its many ludicrous and
perplexing situations, excited great merri
ment. All the characters were well up in
their parts. The plot represented life in a
grocery store, with all its possibilities for
mirth. There was the "real nice clerk"
with his glib tongue, the butter purveyor,
the inevitable messenger boy and a red
headed drummer. All contributed their
portion of action to the farce in such a
manner as best calculated to excite the
risibles of the audience. * *
The cast of characters was as follows:
William Smooth, who runs the store, George
K. Cheney: a red-headed drummer. "Billy"
(W. W.) Urackett: A. Perclval Uobbs, the real
nice clerk, Clarence M. Freed; Snowball, who
delivers the orders. Elton Lambert: Hi Ball, the
barkeep, Harry Turton; Tin Pickles, who
drinks vitriol, Joseph \V. Fisher: Skids, the
porter. E. FLgoni: A. Slick Article, who sells
butter, F. A. Grifflng; Slow Ball, the messen
ger boy, Eddie Higgins; The McManUS Twins,
P. Forrest and Gladys Montague; A. Demon
strator of new goodB, Miss Cordie Wetjen; Of
ficer Flinn, the fly cop, Mano A. Zain; A. Win
ner, political worker and booster, Lloyd Spen
cer; A- Special Delivery, postman, C. W.
S^eley; Tough Mike, cashboy, 7Iobart Cava
nagh; servant girls, customers, drummers, etc.,
by other members of the company.
The following were the musical selec
tions:
Whistling solo. Miss Cordie Wetjen: "In a
Hundred Fathoms Deep," C. W. Seeley; "Ain't
It a Shame," Elton Lambert; "Only Me."
Harry Turton; '"The Conqueror," George K.
Cheney; "Had You but- Known," Fred A,
Grifnng; "I Couldn't," Lloyd Spencer; "Amer
ican Bteuty Rose," Joseph W. Fisher; "Davy
Jones' Locker." E. Flgoni; "If This Society
Excuse Me," Clarence M. Freed; "Susan Van
Doozen." "Billy" Brackett; an up-to-date cake
walk Forrest and Montague; "The Master of
the Baton." Eddie Hlg-gins; finale— medley,
"Suit of Gray," "Ain't Dat a Shame," "An
All Right Girl," "lla Le. Ha Lo," Master
Hot-art Cavanaeh and the entire company.
Tour Is Made to Frank
fort, Where Goebel
Was Murdered.
a Successful Enter
tainment.
Local Association Gives
Intense Feeling Exists
Among the Troops
in Samar.
Special Agent John M. Foster of the
Bureau o' Labot statistics In Washing
ton. D. C, made his appearance at thf
meeting and stated that he was sent out
to collect data regarding- the wag^
schedules and the cost workmen main
taining families on the Pacific Coast. He
was accorded a pleasant reception.
A resolution the council le
appoint three delegates to sit with th's
convention on the anti-Chinese exclusion
law. which will assemble in Metropolitan
Temple on the 21st of next month, was
adopted.
An entertainment will be given to-night
fit Native Sons' Hall for the benefit of
the machinists' Ipprent'ces who wont out
on a strike some time ago.
At a meeting of the Labor Council last
evening, Michael Casy, business agent of
the Brotherhood of Teamsters* was
fleeted president to fill the unexplre-l
term of President Goff, who resigned at
the last rreeUng.
Secretary Rosenberg received a com
munication from Samuel Gomper with a
check for $1000 in aid of the metal work
ers' strike. Contributions from various
unions were also sicknowledged, swelling
the fund ta a "onsiderable amount.
A comnrunication was forwarded to
President Roo«t.velt favoring- the repair
ing of all <iov«rnmcnt transports at th«
navy yards, instead of by private coi -
tracts.
the Resignation of President
Goff.
Chosen to Fill the Vacancy Caused by
MICHAEL CASEY HONOBED
B1 r THE LABOR COUNCTL
JURORS VISIT
SCENE OF CRIME
LONDON, Oct. 25.— The War Office has
ordered the immediate release of. threo
members of the Fifth Victorian Contin
gent, who resented Brigadier General
Beatson's calling the command "white
livered curs" and were tried by court
martial and sentenced to death for
mutinous conduct, General Kitchener com
muting the sentence to fifteen years'
penal servitude.
Resented Being Called Curs.
Secretary Long confirmed the state
ment of Rear Admiral Crowninshield
that his resignation had not been sug
gested. He said that Rear Admiral
Crowninshield himself Initiated the con
sideration of the proposition to transfer
him to the European station.
"The relations of the President and my
self have always been most cordial. When
he was Assistant Secretary of the Navy
I may say that we were always agreed
upon every action with respect to naval
matters. 1 also desire to say that not a
hint has come from the White • House
that 1 should leave the Navy Depart
ment. My relations to-day with the Pres
ident are as they have been in the past
most friendly."
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. X.
W. WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.-President
Roosevelt and Secretary ..Long are con
sidering- the request • of • Rear Admiral
Crowninshield, chief of the Bureau of
Navigation, that he be placed in com
mand of the European station when he
attains the permanent grade of rear ad
miral on November 9. Whether his re
quest is gTanted or not will depend to
some extent upon the findings r,f the
court of inquiry which is investigating
the conduct of Rear Admiral Schley. The
reports that he is or was at loggerhcada
with President Roosevelt now or when
the latter official -served as Assistant
Secretary of the Navy, Rear Admiral
Crcrwninshield denied) most emphatically
to-day. He said:
Srecial Dispatch to The Call.
For some weeks past my name has frequently
appeared in the San Francisco and Los Angeles
dally papers in conjunction with my reported
candidacy for tne Supreme bench, and while
many of these comments have been highly
complimentary and therefore pleasing to me,
others have been very annoying in that they
placed myself and others in a false position.
First of all I desire to* brand as absolutely
false any and all statements to the effect that
Governor Gage Colonel Burns, Mr. Herrin and
W E Dunn or any of them have ever offered
me a nomination, conditional on the delivery
by me of the San Bernardino delegation in the
next State convention, or that I ever promised
to deliver or said that I could deliver the vot«
ot this or any other county in said convention.
Furthermore. I desire to say here and now
that I am not, have not been and do not ex
pect to be a candidate for a Supreme Court
nomination in the ordinary acceptance ot the
term. In my opinion the dignity and character
of that court should lift It above the plane of
ordinary politics and preclude any one worthy
of a place thereon from aggressively seeking
such a nomination.
It is well known, in this county at least,
that A. G. Kendall, is a candidate for the
State Board of Kqualization, with every rea
sonable prospect of success. . Months ago, when
my name was first mentioned in connection
with the Supreme Court, I assured Mr. Ken
dall that I would not under any circumstances
antagonize him in his aspirations; that I recog
nized his prior claim to consideration; that I
was entirely willing to have a delegation from
this county selected in his interest, and that
in the event that I should hereafter by any
possibility become a candidate I should' still
concede him the first right to the support of
our home delegation, and If at any time my
candidacy should endanger his success I would
promptly withdraw my name from further con
sideration.
I am not aware that I have ever said or
done anything at variance with this declaration
. nnd I have no present desire or purpose to
do so.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 25.— Judge
Frank F. Oster to-day issued a public
letter regarding his candidacy for the Su
preme bench. Incidentally he deniessome
of the reports that have been published to
the effect that he had entered into a com
bination with Governor Gage, Dan Burns,
Herrin and W. E. Dunn. Judge Oster in
his letter says: < _.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Desires to Be Assigned to
Station in European
"Waters.
RETAIL GROCERS
ENJOY A FARCE
Judge in New York Dismisses the
Suit Brought by Anton
Dittmar.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— The suit of An
ton J. Dittmar as creditor of Countess
de Castellane to cut off a part of the in
come which she receives from the estate
of her father. Jay Gould, so as to pay his i
claims of $373,000 for bric-a-brac ordered
by her and the count, was dismissed by
Justice Scott of the Supreme Court to
day.
The law points involved in the cass it
self had been passed upon on a prelimin
ary motion for an injunction, so it was
conceded by the counsel on both sides
that Justice Scott was bound to dismiss.
Samuel Untermyer, counsel for Dittmar,
said he would carry the case to the Court
of Appeals from the present judgment of
dismissal.
CANNOT GET MONEY
FROM THE CASTTXT.ATfES
Not an Aggressive Can
didate for Supreme
Court.
AUBURN. X. Y.. Oct. 25.— Leon F. Czol
gosz, the murderer of President McKin
ley, was visited in his cell in the Auburn
Prison to-day by Father Fudzinlski. Th.i
visit was madi at the request of tbe con
demned man. Father Fudzlniski spent an
tour with the assassin. When he emerged
he was asked by The Call corresponden'.
if Czolgosz had renounced anarchy and
embraced Christianity. He replied:
"He is a Christian. He was born ft
Christian, and although he may have re
nounced Christianity, he Is a Christian, j.
think." '
Just before leaving for Buffalo, Father
Fudzinski admitted that during the hou/
he was with the assassin a great change
for the better came over him. He saltl
he expected to see Czolgosz again soon. -
Fcrmer Pastor Visits Him and Says
a Great Change Has Come
Over the Prisoner.
ASSASSIN- CZOLGOSZ
BEPENTS HIS CHIME
Mr. Detweller *was at the close of the
address presented with a neavy goiu
match-box bearing the Elk emblem as a
souvenir o:' the occasion. The recipient
responded in fitting- words and after com
plimenting the officers for the impressive
and business-like manner in which they
conducted the affairs of the lodge said
that he f?lt exceedingly proud cf the
lodge that he instituted in August, 1886,
which has grown from a small number
to more than five hundred members, with
a very large bank account. This was
followed by an excellent collation and ad
dresses by Colonel Howell. Colonel Beck,
J. P. Dunne. C. H. Ward, Exalted Ruler
T. E. Dunne and Esteemed Leading
Knight Percy V. Long.
Mr. Detvreiler will remain here until
Tuesday, when he departs for Los An
geles and the East.
San Francisco Lodge No. 3 of the
Benevolent Protective Order of Elks at
a meeting .n its hall last night gave a
reception to Past Grand Exalted Ruler
Meade D. Detweilcr of Pittsburg. Pa.,
who is her<: on a visit for a few days.
At the proper time during the business
of the lodge Frank J. Kierce, on behalf
of the lodge, in an eloquent speech ex
tended a genuine Elk welcome to the
guest of tht* evening, and gave him to un
derstand that he would be at home in
any part if California where he might
meet any member of the order of the best
people on earth.
Heade D. Dctweiler Entertained in
the Hall of San Francisco
\u25a0Lodge No. 3.
PAST GRAND EXALTED RULER
HONOJIED BY LODGE OF ELKS
Oregon: Original— Alexander B.' Moore,
Oregon City, $8; William Jackson, Myrtle
Creek, $12; John T. "Cardwell." Cottage
Grove, $12; Benjamin F. Blood (dead,),
Carlton, $6; Alexander McMaster. Fair
mount. $10. Widow— Julia S. Blood, Carl
ton, ?s. . , •
Washington: Original — Samuel E. Bell.
Seattle, $6. Increase — Loren Wright, Cape
Horn, $12. Widow— Mary J. Allen,
Blaine, ?8. \u25a0
j WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— The PoStoffice
Department to-day issued the following:
Postofflce discontinued Nov. 15:Washing
ton—Hesseltlne. Lincoln County, mall to
Tipsol. Postmasters Commissioned: Cali
fornia—Qiarles H. Henry, Pine Lake;
Washington— Belle B. Gale, Quilcene;
David W. Mann, Home Valley. Appointed:
California— J. O. Albanes Jr., Amogo, San
Diego County, vice P. B. Amogo. resigned;
H. A. Peabody, Newport Beach, Orange
County, vice J. B. Dixon, resigned: W. H.
Smith, Summarland, Santa i Barbara
County, vice Bryon Preston, removed.
Oregon — J. W. Pernoll, Applegate, Jack
son County, vice O. E. Rose, removed; 1C
E. Porter, Meacham, Umatilla County,
.vice W. C. Betts, resigned. Washington —
M. L. MeNeily. Layiara, Walla Walla
County, vice E. A. Hudson, resigned.
These pensions were granted > Califor
nia: Original— James Cory, Saldiers'
Home. Los Angeles. $6; Henry W. Huck
ins, Grass Valley. $6; George Craig. El
mira, $6: Frederick L. Kelley. San Fran
cisco, 56. Increase — William H. Howard,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, 110; Theo
dore O. Depue. Montecito, $8.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
Issued.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
CROWNINSHIELD
SEEKS COMMAND
HELENA. Mont., Oct. 25.— A lone, un
masked highwayman shortly, after 6
o clock this evening went into a Main
street saloon, held up the barkeeper and
six other men at the point of a revolver.
He then rifled the till of $30. and, securing
the money and other articles of value in
the possession of the visitors in the place
backed out. of the door and made his
escape, having met with no resistance
during the hold-up. Early this morning
a safe in a mercantile house in the same
vicinity was blown, open and $200 taken.
There is no clew to the criminals in
either case.
Daring Work of Robbers.
lo-night the fence was nearly com
pleted. People who drive to the depot
«ire greatly inconvenienced and the area
of the depot yard is diminished.
The lot in question has never been
fenced, and has long been used as a'
driveway to the depot. For years the
railroad company has been considering
its purchase, but it could never come to
an agreement with the owner regarding
the price.
For a few minutes Shearer and his men
stood their ground and refused to per
mit the posts to be disturbed. Threats
were exchanged and shovels and crow
bars were tightly grasped. Peacemakers,
however, brought about a compromise,
and one post that stood in the center of
the entrance was removed by Mayor
Morehead, who was watched by an ad
miring crowd as he labored at his unu
sual task.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 25.— Bloodshed was
narrowly averted to-day at the corner of
B street and the entrance to the nar
row gauge railroad depot in this city.
A. gang of men in the employ of George
D. Shearer, a local real estate, dealer,
was engaged In erecting a fence around
a lot at that corner. The posts had al
ready been set when the railroad, people
notified Superintendent'of Streets George
Richardson that a public, highway was
being obstructed. Richardson hurried to
the scene and ordered the posts removed.
Mayor Stanley P. Morehead and a band of
stalwarts arrived, about this time and re
newed the demand.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
At the same time Colombia's attitude
has satisfied the authorities that so far
as she is concerned she would be glad If
some definite arrangement can be made
under which the United States would ac
quire possession of the Panama conces
sion. It Is stated that the company has
not more than $2,000,000 with which to con
tinue the work of construction of the
canal, and that it will be unable to ob
tain an additional sum. The concession
of the company will expire In six years
and then the United States could assume
possession.
Hutin and Boeufve have not yet sub
mitted a proposal to the Isthmian Canal
Commission notwithstanding assertions
to the contrary. As Hutin went to Paris
for the special purpose of getting an esti
mate of the value of the work, It is bt
lieved that he has brought Ijack a memo
randum. He ha3 not presented It to th«
Isthmian Canal Commission and ban
given no indication of his purpose to do.
so.
Rear Admiral Walker is becoming pro
voked over the delay. The commission
proposed to submit Its report to the Presi
dent between November 12 and Novem
ber 15. If Hutin has not submitted his
proposal then the commission will simply
have to repeat its recommendation for the
construction of the Nicaragua canal as it
did in its preliminary report.
It is believed by members of the com
mission that Hutin fears that the price
he believes the property worth Is so largo
that this Government will not pay It and
that consequently there will be no chance
of a purchase at a high figure.
CALL. BUREAU, H0S G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Oct. 25.— In order to
facilitate American control of the Pana
ma canal despite the procrastinating
methods pursued by M. Ilutin, represent
ing the French Canal Company. Colombia,
has proposed to the United States that it
assume her place in all matters relating
to the waterway. This proposal has not
been accepted by the administration, nor
can it be on account of the inability of
the executive to pledge the Government
to the adoption of one route or another in
advance of action by Congress.
Srecial Dispatch to The CaU.
KI Correo de Sonora and other papers
published in Guaymas consider the situa
tion serious and express fear that trouble
is not far away. The Government has
been appealed to by some of the leading
merchants to have the troops returned.
The boldness of the Indians In raiding
ranches near Guaymas causes aJarm
among the people of the bay city and
Indian scares are frequent there. The
warfare carried on by the Federal troops
against the Yaquis for six months em
bittered the Indians more than ever and
they have vowed to avenge the death of
Chief Tetabite. who was killed a few
months ago. When this leader was slain
•the "Mexicans believed the war was at an
end and the troops were withdrawn. It
Is now thought that another .leader has
sprung into prominence among the In
dians and is gathering corn and ammuni
tion in the Yaqui River Valley to sustain
them In a long fisht.
Many ranchers have left their homes
and gone to Guaymas and other large
settlements for protection.
On the first of the week Senora Dona
Celsa Pesquiera de Maytorena was en
route to Ortiz with two wagons laden with
corn and other products of her rancho.
Accompanying her were 1 a number of
peaceful Yaquls, who were employed on
the ranch, and Herculano Hernandez, her
ranch foreman. On the way a band of
Yaquis held them up and opened fire.
Hernandez and the woman were armed
and resisted. Hernandez was killed and
Senora Maytorena was compelled to yield.
She had considerable money with her,
\u25a0which she gave to the Indians to save
her life. They took her wagons laden with
provisions and . persuaded the peaceful
Yaquis to Join them.
Yaquis have been seen moving in bands
and wherever a rancho was attacked this
week there were always a number well
armed and desperate. It is believed that
a plan has been laid under a new chief
to attack settlements and ranches. At the
Bustamente rancho, where old man Bus
tamente was killed several months ago,
a large number of cattle were driven oft
by the Yaquis this week. Some of the
Yaqui cowboys employed at the ranch
were persuaded to leave and go with the
warriors.
TUCSON. Ariz.. Oct. 25.— Yaqul Indians
are again causing considerable excitement
in Sonora and the Government no doubt
will be called upon to return the troops
and take up the fight apain. Alberto
Robinson's cowboys a few days ago met
a band of Yaquis, who told them that they
were procuring ammunition and provis
ions for a fight with the Government and
for this reason the raids of the past week
had been made upon the ranches of La
Misa, Santa Maria and La.Purisima.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
There were, however, some circum
stances connected with the Nevada di
vorce—a question as to his deception of
the court as to the residence at which the
Countess might be served with a notice
of the suit— that ma'de his conduct appear
In a less innocent light ,than he would
have had it. and the Lords made the pen
alty a very real one.
The law of England does not recognize
divorces of English citizens obtained in
foreign countries, so the Earl, protesting
that his violation of the law was inad
vertent, still pleaded guilty before the
Court of the House of Lords that con
vened to try him. He expected the court
would consider him only technically guil
ty and Would pronounce a merely nominal
sentence — one hour's imprisonment, or
something of that sort.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— Earl Russell,
whose Nevada divorce did not serve to
save him from three months' imprison
ment in, the Holloway Jail for bigamy* is
not to be allowed to land in this country
without an investigation by a board of
special inquiry, which has power, under
the Federal law to exclude persons con
victed of crime. The orders were Issued
from Washington to-day* to immigration
officials to watch all Incoming vessels for
the nobleman who married Molly Summer
ville at Reno the day after he had ob
tained a divorce \ from the British
Countess. •
Srecial Dispatch to The Call.
OSTER DEFINES
HIS POSITION
In any reputable, university in the : United
States the deitree of doctor of. -laws is con
ferred in honoris causa and cannot bs obtained
either by competition or purchase. Neither is
the degree made the- subject of solicitation or
application, either direct or indirect. The
University of Idaho is, very young, her uni
versity character unformed. Her educational
standards, her ideals of conduct, her university
honor, are all she has and having this in mind
your suggestion appears to me particularly
coarse and brutal.,
I wish to simply say that the principal of
whom you . are the dishonored agent has dis
graced his nationality, the Middle Temple and
himself, and I only hope that when he comes
to stand for Parliament he will learn at last
that a cad's ambitions, unless very carefully
limited, cannot be realized.
President McLean wrote in part
I now write to ask you if it would be pos-'
sible for him to have the degree of doctor ot
laws conferred on him by your university. My
client is quite prepared, and, in fact. . would
prefer to submit a thesis to you on any legal
subject named by. you as a test of his knowl
edge of modern and ancient law. The neces
sary fees would *of course, be forthcoming.
A. OGDEN TAYLOR.
The Kegister, University of Idaho, Moscow,
Idaho — Dear Sir: A son of a client of mine la
desirous of taking the degree at doctor of laws
at your university. The father is one of the
leading members of our House of Commons and
his son. who is a member of the Middle Tem
ple, London, is also, I may say, an aspirant
to Parliamentary honors.- He feels that were
lie possessed of such a degree as* above men
tioned it would be of great service to him, both
in his legal and his political career.' As his
time is fully occupied he Hnds it absolutely
impossible for him to devote tne necessary time
to study for a competitive examination.
MOSCOW, Idaho. Oct. 25.— The son of a
member of the English House' of Com
mons wants to. pay the" University of
Idaho to Yronfer.upon him the degree of
L.L.D. He. has no time to come to Amer
ica, but writes through a solicitor, ask
ing for the honor, in order to help him in
a political career. His request was de
clined in a scorching letter by the presi
dent of.the university. The solicitor's let
ter was as follows:- A
Central Buildings, 41 North John street, Liver
pool, September 24.
Special Dispatch . to The Call,
DEMAND BLOOD
OF THE BOLOMEN
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— Director Rob
erts of the Mint has prepared a statement
showing the production of the precious
metals for the' calendar t- year of .1900. It
shows that the production of gold in the
world that year was 12.457.2S7 .ounces, of
the value ot $257,514,700, a loss in value of
$49,070,200 from 1S99. The loss. was mainly
in the Transvaal field and due to the war.
The production of South Africa in 189D was
of the value of $73,277,100 and in 1900 $9,671,
000. The principal' gains, were $8,118,00.0 in
.the United States and $6,600,000 in Canada.
The United States again heads the list. In
the XJnited States the principal' gains were
by Alaska, Arizona, Colorado and Utah. "
The silver output of the world amounted i
to 178,796,796 fine ounces, the largest ever !
known. It exceeds the product of 1899 by
11,572,513 ounces. The United States again
leads all »ther producers, with a slight ex
cess over Mexico. There was an import
ant advance in the price of silver during
the year, the price ranging from 59.1 cents
per ounce in January to 66.3 cents in the
last month of the year. The chief factor
in t.he rise was the purchases for the ac
count of the Government of India.' Silver
rupees still constitute the common cur
rency of India and to supply the demand
the Government gives rupees in exchange
for gold sovereigns at the rate of fifteen
rupees to the sovereign. Under this policy
the Government reports an outlay for its
.fiscal year ended March 31.-1901. of £6,133.
000, which, at the, average value of the
year, would make the. purchases amount
to nearly 30,000,000 ounces. This would
seem to restore India to somewhere near
her old position as a customer for silver.
The production of gold in States and
Territories producing the largest amounts
is estimated by the director as follows:
Alaska $8,171,000
Arizona ,.... 4, 193,000
California , 15,816.200
Colorado * 28.829,400
Idaho 1,724,700
Montana 4.698,000
Nevada 2.006,200
Oregon 1,694.700
South Dakota 6.177.600
Utah 3,972,200
The commercial value of silver in the
States and Territories producing the
largest amounts is as follows;
Arizona S1.S72.210
Colorado 12.7W.018
Idaho ........ 3.S9S.0G2
Montana •••• 8.801,148
Utah. :..... 5,574,912
The chief countries' producing gold are:
United States $79,101,000
Mexico $.900,000
Canada and Newfoundland 27.SO4.1CO
Africa 9.6T1.700
Australasia 74,26*^000
Russia 20,145,500
Austro-Hungary 2,141,700
Colombia 1.803,500
Brazil 3,330,300
Venezuela 1,083,500
British Guiana 2,035,500
French Guiana ..;.., 2.241.300
Peru l,0?5,200
! China ., '8,574,400
Korea 4,500,000
British India 9.433,500
The' commercial value of silver in coun
tries producing the largest amounts is as
follows:
United States .'. 35,741,100
Mexico : 1 35,611.400
i Canada and Newfoundland. 2.578,200
'Australasia .' 9.708,400
Austria-Hungary ..........; 1,233,000
Gerrriany< \u25a0..*}„.".. .><'.....'.;.-. 3,361,300
Spain ...r?.'..-.. .:::.. :v±v..:.v..:....... . 1,974,900
Bolivia* '......:.-.....:.. 6,723,600
Chile ..; 2.947.900
Colombia ' '. 2. 183,400
Peru ...: ...: 5.295,200
Japai .......... 1,029,300
It is believed that delegates will be on
hand to-morrow from every part of Ari
zona. Many of the delegates arc here
now but mest of them will come on the
morr.ing ttains. The movement is a
popular one. in which politics Uoe^ not
figure
Governor Murphy will call the conven
tion to- order at 10 o'clock. He v-ill In
truauce Dr. Ford as temporary presiding
officer. Regular organization will follow
~nd will require the greater part of the
forenoon session. Governor Murphy and
governor Otero will speak In the after
noon, together with other officials and
delegates, and the actual worn of th<j con
vention will be accomplished late In the
afternoon.
Jus-t what will be done by the body in
the way of orpanized action cannot be
foretold, but presumably its labors will
consist of the appointing of a commission
to go to "A'ashington when Congress
nietris and present tne claims of not only
Arizona, but of all the Territories. Atiido
from this, tae convention is expected to
arouse an enthusiasm that will prompt
every resident of Arizona to the exertion
Ol any personal influence he may have
with the administration or members of
Ccnprefs.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Oct. 25.-Governor N
O. Murphy ind Surgeon General M. M
Walker met Governor Otero ana party of
New Mexico at Ash Fork to-day and
escorted then to Prescott by special train
They loft th;re this evening and will ar
rive here early to-morrow morning. The
local reception committee appointed by
Mayor Talbct and President Ford of the
Board of Trade will meet them to-morrow
morning at iheir car. The party will be
Uiken to Hotel Adams and the "forenoon
will be spent by the visitors in driving
about tbfl valley.
All pielimiiiaries for the Statehood con
vention have been arranged and a bis at
tendance Is expected. The Pmia County
and iucson delegates arrived to-night by
special train.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
.Lot Owner Arouses Ire by
Blockading a Supposed
. Highway.
Federal Officers Instructed to
Treat the Visitor as an
Ex-Convict
Delay of French Canal Com
pany Annoys the Gov
ernment.
Residents Fear General Rising
and A re Hurrying Into
the Cities.
Large Attendance Is Ex
pected at To-Day's State
hood Convention.
This Country Still th> Chief
Producer of Gold and
Silver.
Admiring Crowd Looks
On as San Rafael's
Mayor Toils.
Earl Russell May Not
Be Permitted to
Land.
Republic Offers Uncle
Sam All Its Water
way Rights.
Statement of the Output
of Precious Metals
in 1900. \u25a0?>
Slay the Foreman- of
Senora Maytorena's
Rancho.
New Mexico Officials
Traverse the Sister
Territory. ;
UNITED STATES
HEADS THE LIST
\u2666— —
President of the Institution
Sends Scathing Rebuke
in Reply.
Letter to Idaho
University.
Englishman's Insulting
WATCH IS KEPT
FOR A NOBLEMAN
HELPS TO TEAR
DOWN THE FENCE
OFFERS TO BUY
COLLEGE DEGREE
COLOMBIA WANTS
WORK TO BEGIN
ARIZONA GREETS
GOVERNOR OTERO
YAQUIS RAIDING
ABOUT GUAYMAS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 26j 1901.
13
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
London Assurance
Corporation
(INCORPORATED A.D. 1720)
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE J1ST
day of December, A. D. 1900. and for th»
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia pursuant to the provisions of Sections 61'»
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value or all Stocks and
Bonda owned by Company.* $1,990,973 7".
Cash in Company's Office 1.479 0J
Cash in Banks - 233,419 8:
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans.. ..„......; 5.SS3 Vi
Premiums In due Course ot Collec-
tion W1.S67 2J
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 132 7?
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 14,514 St
Total Assets .>2. 447,877 0*i
LIABILITIES. ~
losses adjusted and unpaid 133,80100
Losses in process of Adjustment or „_...,„
In Suspense 61,306 00
Lcsea resisted, including expenses.. n,700 60
Gro<!S premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $610,792 69;
reinsurance 50 per cent 805,338 33
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $380.-
80113- reinsurance pro rata 436,52o S3
Gross Premiums on Marine Time
Risks. * : reinsurance W '
percent ••••• 15.358 13
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance- pol-
icies •'• * 174 SO
All other liabilities 98,405 20
Total Liabilities .81,038,667 33
INCOME.
Vet cash actually received for Fire
premiums • IS54.830 93
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums ." 348,505 54
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources :. 72,513 29
Received from all other sources 2,843 23
Totat Income .$1,278.493 04
EXPENDITURES. ' '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ losses ot pre-
vious years) 1*15,853 83
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $.....: losses of pre-
vious years) •- 133.7al 23
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage -• •••. 201,728 17
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerk*, etc.... 88.627 S3
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • 44.579 32
All other payments and expenditures (2.301 ti
Total Expenditures $1,106,338 90
Losses incurred during the year $721.343 4-i
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year -• $111,334,574 $1,053,347 M
Net. amount of Risks
expired during the
"I".. f 111.064,615 S87.913 U
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900.. 183,096.811 1491.777 8J
MarlneRisks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks v.'.' .
written during the
jVar ' $101,956,731 $S40.522 W
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
JiSr \u25a0 99,828.852 835.137 M
Net amount In force
December 31. 1900.. 6.306,264 35,353 H
CHARLES L. CASE. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thl» 23tb
day of January. 1901. EMIL FRENKEL.
Notary Public.'
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
221 SANSOME ST.,
San Francisco.
GEO> F. GRANT - - Manager.THE* SAN FRANCISCO CALL.. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1901.
14
HELP WANTED — MALE— Con. _
A— MURRAY & READY.. ...-Phone Main &818
..Leading Employment and Labor As_ms..
. OFFICE OVEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY.......
Ship..., R- R- Men .....Free
C N W R. R • ...Uklah
50* tea'msters and laborers, Uklah, free fare.
Sawmills and Woods ••\u25a0•-•••••""
Fare paid .-\u25a0 See Boss Here
15 laborers "to work in mills and yards, J35
and found; 4 second loggers for woods. *»
and found, fare paid, see boss here.
MISCELLANEOUS •••
Young man to drive delivery and carry mall,
country. $25 and found; clerk, country mer-
chandise store. $25 and found: 3 laborers, fac-.
tory, no experience, $175 day; o muclters,
quartz mine; 3. stablemen: 10 - teamsters,
country, $2 and $2 25 day: 5 laborers, country.
$2 day; 10 laborers, *1 73 day; 6 l abo - r . e /?i
*32 50 and found; 25 farmers. $26 to MjO
and found; 10 plow teamsters. $30 and fo""":
15 choremen and chore boys, $30, $2o and $lo.
buttermaker. $1 fare. $30 and found.
MECHANICAL HELP......-------;
Blacksmith and horseshoer. city, 83 tw,
band saw flier, see boss here, $1 and rouna.
shingle packer, Santa Cruz Co., $o2 and
found; shingle packer, north, $6u and rouna,
3. toller makers, country; 5 carpenters, m'n-
ing co., $75; ranch carpenter, $40 and found,
horseshoer, city; machine blacksmitn, tin-
S^..%? E^ E PA RTMEN T.. -..
2 waiters, same country hotel, $30; cook.
plain hotel, $40; cook, few men. $lo: 8 hotel
and. restaurant cooks: 14 i-aiters, $10 week
$35 and $30; assistant butcher, mining co , $40
and found: dishwasher, officers' mess. ?20.
MURRAY & READY, 634-63S Clay st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Choreman, springs, $20; colored waiter, nurse
hall, $30.
WANTED— Man in each county to represent
established house, solid financial standing;
bona fide weekly cash salary ?1S, paid by
check each Wednesday, with all expenses
from headquarters; money advanced for ex-
penses. Manager, 377 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
"WANTED— Salesman to sell dry goods and gen-
eral store trade; permanent position to right
man. Address* with particulars, J. W.
BREEN, 14 South Commercial St.. St. Louis,
Mo. <__ \u25a0
FIRST-CLASS window trimmer and card
writer for country; $100 a month. Apply to
REDLICK BROS.. 119 Bush St.. 11 to 12.
A BRIGHT young man, about 16 years of age,
for general work in. our cutting-room. Stand-
ard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED — Man who can hustle: extraordinary
inducements offered up-to-date salesman by
large concern. Address box 553. Call office.
GOOD cutter and coatmaker as partner In well-
established business; no capital required. 713
Valencia st., room 34; call from 4 to 8.
BOOTBLACK, first class; must have experi-
ence in barber shop; short hours. 506 Mont-
gomery st.
$150— WOMAN wants elderly man for partner
in cisar store; full value of money. 257
Fourth st.. corner Folsom.-
UNION barber wanted; steady Job; good
wages; must have certificate. 1048 McAllister.
BARBER for Saturday afternoon and Sunday.
904 Bryant st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; wages $4.
602 Clay st.
WANTED— Barber for Sunday morning; steady.
Corner Jones and Sutter sts.
CASHBOYS wanted. Apply at S. N. WOOD &
CO., 71S Market st.
PANTS pressers wanted by S. N. . WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker an ladies' fine tallor-
Ing. DANZIGER, 237 Powell St.
GOOD operators on cloaks at H. RATNER'S,
131 Post st.
ERRAND boy who resides In the Mission. H.
M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st.
GOOD tailor wanted for busheling. 827 Sut-
ter st ' ; ,\u25a0
WANTED— Sober man with $75 can make $15-
$1S per week; no risk. 78 Third St., room 2.
"METAL polishers wanted. S. F. Novelty and
Plating Works, Bay and Stockton sts.
BUTCHER wanted; German preferred. Peo-
ple's Market, cor. Sixteenth and Market sts.
WANTED— Domestic salesman; state age, ex- j
perience and salary expected. Box 1414, Call.
BUTCHER wanted at Golden West Hotel. C8
Ellis jst ; I
BOY acquainted with gents' furnishing goods.;
go errands. 535 Valencia st.
BOY to help plumber; experience necessary-
1017 Folsom st. • •
NIGHT cashier wanted. 29 Stockton street.
A DISHWASHER* 19 Powell at.
COATMAKER for 'country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
BARBER shop; splendid position; good busi-
ness; a bargain. S03 Kearny st. -
COAT, vest and pants makers wanted, apply
11 a. m., Stevenson st. entrance. CHARLES
LYONS. London .Tailor. 721 Market st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
' price. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
\u25a0 and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co..
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
• 'work; steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery st., room 25, San Fran-
cisco," Cal.
WANTED— Steady, sober German as driver for
baker wagon, on Western Addition route:
must have sufficient experience and refer-
. ences; good wages: state former employment.
Box 1341. Call office.
BARBERS— A 3-chalr barber shop; centrally
located In lively town of 10.000; average re-
ceipts $300 per, month; owner Is gofhg Into
other '.business; will bear investigation. Box
13S2, Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. . 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Sober, reliable young man with
some cash: $60 month: no experience neces-
sary; close Sundays. 1221 Market St., r. 1.
WANTED — Iron molders and machinists, at
505 Mission st. .
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
BOY to run errands and for licht store work.
Box 1410, Call office.
A GOOD strong boy about 19 for paint factory.
Apply 177 Valencia st. " . . _
BOOTBLACK wanted at 200 Larkin St.; barber
shop.
WANTED— Saloon porter at 152 East st.. corner
Howard; wages $10 per week; call early.
GENT to solicit for a popular publication.
Apply 519 Filbert st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 3d sts.
WANTED— Watchmaker. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st. .
WANTED — For the country, a cutter who Is
also a coat maker, and also a pants and vest
maker. Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
TINSMITHS wanted: American Can Company,
618 Battery st.
TAILORS— First-class ladies' tailor wanted for
the country. Apply to STEIN. SIMON & CO.
ELDERLY man who . understands nu.-sery
work and. florist business. Call 500 Halght.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
. mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
SAILORS, ordinary, 'for ships for all parts of ;
the word. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan :
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R. !
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third at., near Mar- i
ket — 700 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms; free I
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and '
subscriptions has been established at 1G96
Valencia st. / " * • :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
HORSES AND WAGOXS.
SALE of horses, property of G. T. Shea; 30
good young horses, 5 to 8 years old; all well
broke and well bred; one fine iron -gray geld- ;
ing, one black gelding, one large bay gelding, !
Wilkes trotting bred; the above three are ex-
I tra driving horses and will be shown to har-'
ness; to be sold at auction TUESDAY, Octo-
ber 29, 1901. at U o'clock a. m., at -Nelson's
Training Stables, corner St. Charles st. and
Eagle ave., Alameda, Cal. J. A. MONRO.
Auctioneer* Passengers by broad gauge leave
train at Bay-st. station. ;
FOR Sale— Bay gelding, 6 years old, 16.1 can
trot 2:30 or better; brown stallion, record
2:2SVi, gentle for lady to ride or drive; also a
sorrel road team,-l§ hands, 6 years old. would
make a fine" doctor's team. Dexter Prince
: Stable, 1500 Grove st.'
A HUNDRED head of well broke German
army horses, • suitable for all business pur-
poses, just arrived, JOHN H. HALTON at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard. 1732 Market st.
FOR sale— A team of horses, harness and bak-
ery wagon. Apply 632 Market St.. room 23.
FOR Sale— Rubber-tired buggy, harness and
large bay mare; party leaving. 217 Geary st.
HORSES AXD WAGOXS — CoatlnnedL
DO m>t falTto attend the special auction sale
Wednesday. October 23. at 11 a m.. at the
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
ONE 1-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon,
one gurney; all second-hand: one second-hand
trap? CARVILL MFG. CO.. 4S Eighth st.
VERY stylish bay carriage team: seventeen
- hands; sound, gentle. E. S.. 721 Howard 3t.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL._603_G. G. ave.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry. 1
baker's, 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 82S Harrlsoq
ALL~kincl7of wagons, busrffles carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. uo3 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects -wanted. S. F. Vet.
Col.. 510 G. G. ave.. Dr. E. J. Creely. .lean.
HOSPITALS^
MENTAL" and nervous diseases cared for at ST.
ELMO HOSPITAL. 230 Douglass St.. S. F.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 1* Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
CLAY, 3710— Furnished house of 8 rooms and
bath; billiard table and Steinway grand
piano; marine view; rent $70 per month.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— Sliver watch, on 2:43 train from Third
and Tcwnsend sts.. Saturday. October 12: key
winding open face; maker's name W. Carty.
Dublin and Geneva. Return to D. ATKIN3,
24 Montgomery 8t.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of FRANK M. GLOSEMEYER: No,
256-284. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Black leather book, containing names
and dates; of no value. except to owner. Re-
turn to HERMAN KOHE. 337 Pine St., and
receive reward.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savlng3
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MRS. LAURA ELLA BAILEY; N,.
52,791. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Near Jefferson square: skye terrta*-,, one
year old: name Dandy. Keturn to 722 fe/lden
Gate ave.: liberal reward.
LIBERAL reward— Irish setter dog; J. E. MIL-
LETT on collar. 2214
PAIR of gold specs In neighborhood of 20th
and Valencia. Return to 3647 »Jth; reward.
LOST— On Market St.. a fox terrier bitch, both
ears yellow; reward. Return to ED LANG-
LEY. 414 Jersey st.
LOST— Fox terrier, in vicinity of Washington
Square: tas No. 1373. Return to 603 Filbert
st. and receive liberal reward. \u25a0
LOST— Female St. Bernard, Oct. 22. $10 rewarl
wi II be paid for her return to 433 Seventh »t-
LOST — Brown and white dog. vicinity Third and
Market st3.; liberal reward. 3360 Twenty-third.
LOST— A large fountain pen. gold mounted. Re-
turn to 123 Front St.; reward. .
IT will pay to •"Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and jillver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al camat cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 .Powell St.;
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and la
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have teen used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped: relief in all
cases taken: the most obstinate cases have
teen relieved by my medical treatment: fre«
confidential advice on all subjects cf a doli-
cate nature; all classes of female compliint-*
treated; relief to the longest cases. Dft. O.
\V. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A — Mrs. Sweet, graduate Royal University. Ber-
lin; 25 years" experience in midwifery cases;
utmost confidence can be placed in her: takes
£i treats ladies before & during confinement:
best care, attention" confinement $13; board H
week: Infants adopted. 3S27 ISth st. : Miasion-
et. cars; consultation free: phone Cap>> £(03.
MRS. D. WYET-H and Mrs. Kohl, reliable
ladies" specialists for female complaints : in-
stant relief guaranteed: 30 years' exp?rience;
private home befcre and during confinement.
410 O'Farrell St.. near Taylor: hours 9 to 5.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS? DA VIES" original
method of treatment; maternity home; homa
in confinement. 1126 Market st.. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable la-
dies' specialist; a priv. home before ond dur-
ing confinement; best medical care: low fees.
THE original MRS. DA VIES Is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; offlco
hours 10 a.'m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to S:30 p. m.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton 8t.. opp.
Union square: all diseases cured hy herb?.
MILLIXEUY.
MILLINERY— Striking original designs, becom-
ing effects, from new or old material. M.
OLIVER. 978A Geary st. *
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IM'OSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bar3, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stuck of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 10U1, 1023
Mission st., above Sixth; write for catalogue.-
RETIRING from business— We are selling out
our stock of pictures, frames, and moldings
at a reduction of half off; must close out
everything by Nov. 15. JONES & CO.. 704
Larkln St., near Ellis.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers. etc. : also wood- working tools, such as
band saws, wood planers, shapers. stickers,
mortisers. saws. etc. J. B. JARDINE. 22l>
Fremont st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Estate of "W. ~A.
Hartter; a full line of photo supplies, grapho-
phones, records, etc. Room 513, Examiner
building.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FOR Sale-rTwo thoroughbred "Irish Setters
(males), 3 months old. Address P. O. box 101.
Novato, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilera bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO..
9-17 Stevenson s st., near First.
FINE suits, $10: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pin*.
ST. BERNARD dog for sale. 1 year old; well
figured; $25. 522 Eighth st.
8 HP. boiler and 6 hp. automatic engine; com-
plete, perfect. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
FOR sale— 2 National cash registers. Inquiry
Old Louvre, Phelan building.
CHEAP, 4 H. P. gasoline engine; 2. steam
pumps; all kinds tools. L. Sparber, 546 Mission.
BAR outfit*, showcases: all lengths and sizesT
JACOB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission St.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery si.
CA SH register (Hallwood)rbrand new; $35: ~re^
ductlon. H. F. ALLEN", 202 California st.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Lqan Office. 23 Stockton.
BOATS, launches, rowbeats carried' in stocsl
BAKER & HAMILTON.
JEWELRY for sale and made to order. Vl
FERSHTAND, 126 Kearny st., room 29.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2drhand moving pic-
tures. BULI-ARP & BRECK. 131 Post s:.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes. n>w anTicF-handl
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission tt.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HEIl^
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramentc. st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery!
J. BURKE. 129 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10- ton hay scale: jewe'er's st?^N
lined cafe, perfect order. 218 California at.
MISCELLANEOUS WA.\TS.
WANTED— Second-hand upricht oiano for
cash. II. L. WH1TEHEAD. 17C6 Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothlns and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Folsom 2i2i
LOA.V
AA— MANHATT AN LOAN COMPANT -\u25a0 .-, T*
J300.00W at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City anl
Oakland, town and country property; secoud
mortgages, life insurance & securities Loaru
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. We will pu-chasa
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024 MAS-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldj.
ANY AMOUNT Jtr 6 PER~CENT.
* First, second and. third mortgages
Undivided interest In real estate In probat"!
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay... .
Get my ternu before doing business elsewhere
:.....\R. McCOLGAN .
\u25a0 ••• 2i Montgomery st., room 3 ;;
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first"
second and third mortgages, estates in prol
bate, interest in estates, .legacies undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 1*5
1st floor. Chronicle big. (GEORGE E. OLSEN*.
ON SALARIES without \ Indorser: other pmno-
sltlons. S. F. Discount Assncy. 14S Phelan bu.
OFFICES.
JAPANESE and - Chinese"help^of all .' kinds:
. ccoks, waiters and • house servants. ! GEO.
_A_OKI &XO...421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE Empioyment~\Dfflce— AH kinds of
\u25a0 help furnished. 439 Bush st. ; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
'_reHable : hel P: _524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 PowelJ, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese' Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
EMPLOYMKVl' WA.M'KD — FUMALK.
A— FIRST-CLASS family cook" very best refer-
encea, wants place; American family; $30.
Call or telephone MRS. M. E. DAY & CO..
835 Geary st. . • v, v •
NEAT, reliable, elderly woman wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper; the care of children,
cooking and washing; references given;
wages $12 month; no postals. Call 1020 How-
ard St.. room 5.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes position to care
for invalid or old lady; 7 years' experience in
hospitals and private nursing. Telephone
Capp S40. - : . \u25a0 -
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants a place as house-
keeper; isr'a good manager and sewer, or
would like to take charge of rooming-house.
Box 1S54, Call office. .
WANTED— By young lady, position as stenog-
rapher; can produce good city references.
Box 1418. Call office. «
NEAT girl 16 years old to assist In light house-
work. Apply in the afternoon at 689 Four-
teenth St., near Market
FIRST-CLASS cook and housekeeper, middle-
aged German lady, wishes situation. Address
1S97 Howard st.
DRESSMAKER of experience would like a few
more engagements by the >lay; will give ref-
erence. Call or address 403 McAllister st.
WOMAN wants work by~the day, $1; half a
day. 50c. Address M., postofflce, Alameda. .
SWEDISH girl . wishes housework in small
family. Apply at 160 Fourteenth a*.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like mending. Ap-
ply at 602 Minna st.
YOUNG ladv desires to secure petition in of-
fice; Quick "at" figures; competent as steno-
grapher; salary to start no object. Box 1329,
Call office.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper in hotel or
take charge of respectable rooming-house by
lady of ability and experience. Address MRS.
B. F. G.. 319 Ellis st.; . .- . \u25a0 - : \u25a0
FRENCH girl of 17 years wants a situation to
assist in housework; wages $15. 214 Railroad
ave.. South San Francisco. \u25a0
COLORED lady would like place as ladles'
maid ; can . do . hairdressing, manicuring and
face massage. Call or address 1032 Clay St..
LADY wants plain sewing and mending;
hours 8 a. m.to 2 p. m. 841A Howard st.
WANTED— A situation as cashier, or to assist
at counter of restaurant or bakery. Address
box 1381. Call offlco. - . - »
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. noar Mar-
' ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $150 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10D6
Valencia st. •
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A SOBER and reliable man wants situation at
moderate wages; understands fruit culture in
all Its branches, including oranges, lemons,
olives, flowers and vegetables; can milk, etc.;
20 years* experience in Europe and California.
Address -WILLIAM, 1678 Mission St.
WANTED— Light steady work' around private
place or resort; can assist In kitchen (not
restaurant): please state full particulars: ref-
erences; age 35. HARTLEY, care L. FITZ-
GERALD & SON, grocers, corner Twenty-
v third and Hampshire sts.
BY a nurse with hospital training, a position
in a hospital or an Insane institution; private
case preierred; understands electrical treat-
ment and massage; well recommended. Box
1425. Call office. ,
A YOUNG man with .experience as traveling
solicitor and capable of producing business
de&ires to Identity himself, as salesman, with
an established house. Box 1432, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman and valet; singlt;
neat appearance; sober; use no tobacco; ex-
pert horseman and driver; best ref. and per-
sonal from last employer. Box 1431, Call.'
POSITION in flrst-class grocery store aa sales-
man or buyer; this State or Arizona; by ex-
perienced man; no tending bar; references.
Box 1632, Call office. - . .' - '. '\u25a0 " ' - '
POSITION as typewriter and stenographer;
commercial work preferred; refer to Nolan
& George Co., wholesale shoes, 316 Market
st. Address N. S., In their. care. I
YOUNG man aged 21 wishes position doing
anything; experienc.d grocery clerk and box-
maker. Box 1421, Call office. . .
GROCERY clerk wishes a. position; city ex-
, perience and references. Address C. H.,' 2222
Jackson st. - \u25a0
HELPER in carriage and wagon work wants
work; 10 years' experience. Address N. P.,
i 1020 _ Howard st. \u25a0 - - -.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants light work; small
wages; has good references. L. A., box 1415,
Call office. . -
POSITION In wholesale liquor or grocery busi-
ness as salesman; experienced either in city
or on the road. Box 1373, Call office.
WANTED— Position as solicitor or collector by
young man of good address. Box 1417. Call.
i ENGINEER, new arrival, desires employment:
accustomed to the charge and erection ' of
. engines and machinery; competent to do all
repatis; owns tools; 25 years' varied experi-
ence; honest and sober; first-class references:
moderate wages only expected. . Address
Engineer, room 75 Hobson House, Kearny st.,
San- Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— An American, age 30, would like
any kind of employment until April 1; can
drive and care for horses, or any kind of
ordinary work: salary no object. Box 1380,
Call office. •
PRACTICAL miner and mill man of 15 years'
experience In general mining and milling de-
sires position to take charge of mine or mill;
good references; moderate wages. Address
Miner, box 1407, Call office.
A STRONG reliable young man with "sev-
eral years' experience in liquor work wants
| position In any capacity in liquor or wine
house; can do barrel repairing; good refer-
ences. Box 1113, Call office. \u25a0
WANTED— Situation In private residence by
Japanese man and -wife; just came from
• Japan; cannot speak English, but very faith-
ful and good servants; wages small. Address
260'zi Brannan st. >
A MIDDLE-AGED man, well educated,' desires
position as porter In some wholesale commis-
sion house. Address H. SCHROEDER, 2269
Geary st. "
A SOBER young man wants position in whole-
. sale or retail store, dry goods, furnishing or
groceries; can furnish references. Box 1379,
Call office. . '
"WANTED— Situation as janitor- or porter; se-
curity If necessary; Al references; 4 years at
once place. Address R. N. MICHEAL, 431%
Jessie st.
ENGINEER well up in the Ice machine bust-
ness, electric light and power, : with 26 years"
experience, wants position; Al references.
Address box 1238. Call office.
YOUNG gentleman wishes position with whole-
sale house as traveling salesman; can furnish
good references; paints and oils business pre-
ferred: Box 12S2, Call.
MAN with wife and 2 children from the East
would like to find employment for himself
on a ranch; also for his wife at same plnce.
. Address A. E. CRAIG. Montlcello. Cal.
WANTED— A situation as porter in a saloon,
. or as clerk in a grocery store; can give ref-
erences. H. COOK, 737 Mission St.
YOUNG man understanding bookkeeping,
shorthand and typewriting desires position;
7 email salary.- Box 1409, Call office. . \u25a0 T
MARRIED \u25a0 man would take charge of ranch
or rent on shares: stock ranch preferred;
haye had experience. Address box" 1328, Call.
COLLEGE graduate, former I high Bchool
teacher and Government employe wants em-
ployment: references. Box ,1411, Call, office.
POSITION as teamster In wholesale or dellv-v
ery; Al references as to character and ability.
Address box 1401, Call office. ' V '• r \u25a0
MAN andj wife. German, without children," de-
sire to take charge of a country, place. Ad-
dress P. O. v box 162,- Santa Cruz. •
WANTED— By an experienced baker, a place
| as foreman , In the country. Address Baker,
box 1323. . Call office.
JAPANESE, first-class cook,- wants situation
'- In private family; understands any style of
cooking. Apply YAMA, /923. Sacramento St.
WANTED by a young man— A place ' to work
'•\u25a0\u25a0• and attend school. E. . C. "B., box 1267,' Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions j has been R established at 1096
Valencia *t. :\ • . . -. \u25a0-: - , .- \u25a0 • '- ..
.' have 42 offices in operation; new methodof
placing stocks and. bonds; companies incor-
porated ; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
I or address . main office, ' 507-8-9 • Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted . and financed ; stock
taken in payment' for services; good mining
.and industrial ' propositions: wanted; gold
• bonds furnished PACIFIC STATES MINING
I AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
pUSINESS CHANCES — Cotitlnnc^dl._^ J
J650 ""INVESTED^ immediately will secure an
interest in new invent on fully ae valuable I
as the telegraph, telephone or electric light.
\u25a0nd will furnish Immediate and permanent ,
employment exh. biting same in otfice eight j
hours daily at $2 50 l«er day cash, and also !
a commission of K) per cent on all sales; j
money is needed to secure foreign patents at -
once and th.s Is an unparalleled opportunity; |
raany fortunes have been made out of in- j
ventions not one-hundredth part as valuable !
as this which is without doubt the greatest |
scientific discovery of the twentieth century: I
Fatisfy yourself by thorough investigation be-
fore investing a penny. Address box 1412,
Call office. > \u25a0 -•- _ I
FOR SALE— An old-established painting busi- j
ness realizing- between $400 and $500 per I
month; aUo a full equipment of ropes, falls.' j
ladders, wallpaper etc. Foi* particulars call .
or address PORTER L. BLISS, 320 Post St.,
San Francisco (upstairs); office hour§ from
10 a. m. to 4 p. m,'
DRUGGISTS— Unusual opportunity to buy up-
to-date paying: drug business in large Interior
city; about J250O required. ' Particulars by
addressing box 1633. Call office.
$12QC— GROCERY; fine town; 20 miles from San
Francisco; best trade; sales $1230 month; rent
$15; fixtures, horse, wagon; will inventory at
cost. Address 1 -week, box 1423. Call office.
Al SALOON for sale; must be sold immedi-
ately; call and make an offer. 402 Kearny
St., room 9. .
FTtUIT store for sale on account of s'ekness;
pood location. 2764 Mission st., near Twenty-
fourth^
SMALL bakery and delicacy Etore; good loca-
tlon; very cheap. 139 Noe st.
FOR sale — One of the best transient cornsr sa-
loons In city; established 20 years: with 4t
newlv furnished rooms: will sell together or
separate; price J6CC0. Box 14CS. Call otfice.
FOR SALE— The Call agency in Santa Cruz:
price $1200. '
BUTCHER shop; established 10 years; best
town in State; death cause selling; must sell
this week. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine.
FOR eale — Bakery, confectionery and laundry
office, near grammar school; 2 large rooms.
Address box 1377. Call offlca. . .
FOR sale— Established private boarding and
I lodging house; near car house. Box 1376, Call.
i PRINTING office for sale or rent; terms rea-
I scnable. Box 1112. Call office^ -
FOR sale — Oyster and chop house; good busi-
j ness. :so Fourth st.
$250— RESTAURANT; cost $1000; rent $33: sound
| value. D. McRae Furniture Co.. 837 Mission.
i A SMALL corner saloon for sale: paying busl-
| ness; low rent. Inquire at 143 Fifth st.
| $40— RESTAURANT and coffea saloon to-day;
eecure it. Apply furniture store, S37 Mission.
LARGE paper route for sale: rood Inducements
offered. Box 1265. Call office^
SALOON for sale, opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East St.. north of Market.
1 WANTED— Partner in horseshoeing business.
401 Jackson st. \u25a0
I LODGINC-UOL'SES KOR 3A LK /
! H C. DECKER'S OFFICE, 1020 Market St.
4S rooms; clears $200 »3200
8 rooms; on Howard 800
EO rooms; new; payments 3000
140-roohi hotel; clears $600 10,000
33 rooms; transient; clears $250 2000
S rooms; on Mission "• 275
9 rcome: fine corner 323
24 roome; the best - 3000
ir rooms; large yard I 500
40 rooms; boarding 45CO
17 rooms: fine corner 13»0
! 60 rooms; apartment hcuse 42w)
! 7-room flat on McAllister st 22o
I MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
I 8 rooms; fine yard 350
10-room house: fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st « 19C0
100 rooms: clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
! 1C rooms; transient: only $400 cash 750
5 rooms; flat: near City Hall 350
; IS rooms; on Sixth st.; clears $S0 SOO
i 24 rooms; en Market st. ; clears $150 1600
I 10 rooms; on Mason st.; new 750
! 32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; J€00 cash, balance payments 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH KVBRY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1023 Market: tel. Mint 736.
Al TRANSIT -HOUSE. •
Good corner; money maker for right party;
don"t fail to see tnts bargain; easy payments.
RETSLOFF. 306 Market st.
A FEW SAMPLES OF~OUR LARGE LIST:
Any of the following on monthly payments:
25 rooms ; good location; clears $150 $1200
20 rooms; best In the city; offer wanted.
13 rooms; line furniture 105")
21 rooms; corner; part cash • 1500
2s rooms; piano; clears ?ti0; payments 400
S& rooms; grand corner; clears $600 hiH)
42 rooms; cost $12,000 to furnish 7000
6 rooms; corner flat; payments 3S0
6 roome; $125 cash, balance payment 3i>0
40 rooms; always rented; sacrifice 1250
10 rooms; O'Karrell; $150 cash, bal. pymts. 750
CALL, WE CAN SUIT YOU.
15 rooms.; rebpectable; clears' $90 15C0
110 rooms: modern; hotel; clears $600 10,000
: 20 rooms; good location; money-maker 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 9C6 Market St., corner
Kills. 10cm 12.
i THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO..
I 850 Market st Tel. Davis 281
\u25a0 15 rooms; fine location; new; clean .louO
16 rooms; full; everything good; snap 16»
2u rooms; elegantly furn.; a snap 2500
4-i rooms; full; choice; bargain 450U
1« rooms; north of Market; snap 12i*>
! 12 rooms ;. boarding; best location 12W
10 rooms; corner; on Geary st £5-)
11 rooms; corner; on Jones .; 1200
30 rooms; everything good; bargain 325)
IP rooms; light and sunny; cash $300 «>00
11 rooms; cheap rent: clears $*5 500
I 16 rooms; a fine corner ...140J
44 rooms; choice location; pays well 3003
IS roome; close in; good business 1200
WE WILL MAKE LIBERAL LOANS ON
ANY OF THE ABOVE AT LOWEST
RATES. ,
AT once— Lady with few hundred dollars to
manage Al rooming-house with hoarders.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 800 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO..
Sr.O Market St. and 8 Stockton St..
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32X.
See our list of bargains.
80 r.. rent $423, boarders, elegant fur $S000
44 r.. rent $120. inc. $300, apart, house 3000
76 r., fent $175, full, good Inc 6500
21 r., rent $8C. clear $75. trans.. 3d st 1150
14 r., rent $60, good furn., Inc $105 1000
10 r., rent $45, clears $40, good fur., carp.. 600
8 r.. rent $40; Brussels carp., housekpg.... 425
S r.. rent t35, fine little fiat 275-
Flats, 3 to 14 rooms, $150 to $1000
Private residences, 7 to 28 r.. $250 to $3000.
NEW HOUSES JITST LISTED—
17 rooms; rent $5u; clears $55; only $1000
15 rooms; rent $5T.; lease; part cash 16W
3? rooms; rent $100; elegant place 3159
35 rooms; mut-t sell; make offer lwK)
41 rooms; rent $S7; money-maker 2200
24 rooms; rent $C5; part cash 10C0
27 rooms; business corner; cheap rent ISO*
25 rooms; rent $50: clears $100 -jou
40 rooms; cheap rent; north of Market 3s00
120 rooms; rent $110; profits $l€00 yearly... 3500
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st.
HEALY & HENDERSON
6 Eddy St., IS and 19; Phone James 2771
9 rooms; rent $23 $35H
18 rooms; downtown; rent $55 I 200
23 rooms: close In; see this; rent $65 I.OjI
11 rooms; Turk st. : rent $43 60.3
130 rooms; electric lights 16,000
7-room fiat; McAllister st 25J
9-room flat: new; rent $45 753
10 rooms; G. G.; new _ 65j
28 rooms: downtown: elegant 2,503
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1311. 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
He can suit you in houses and prices.
OWNERS — To effect a quick and satisfactory
sale of ycur houEe send for or call on
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1311. 917 Market st., opp. Mason.
$900 — 14-ROOM house, a. bargain; half cash,
balance to suit purchaser. McBRIDE &
CO.. 093 Market st. .
FOR Sale— At a great sacrifice a 100-roomed
house paying $150 per month: rent $65; price
$1500. 99? Market Et. McBRIDE & CO.
THE largest and best list of. lodging-houses,
hotels and bvsinfss chances can be found at
the office of FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St.;
phone Fclsom 1592.
A— NOTICE— We. have rooming-houses, all sizes
• and prices in all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
A— LODGING-HOUSE wanted: 50 rooms; no ob.
jectlon to transient; no agents. Box 1384. Call.
$7C0— BAY-WINDOW bouse: 18 rooms; 3 baths:
rent 144: modern: always full. Box 1427, Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^M'RS^^R7^ARNlLCM~splri7uarim^dium
and life reader; mining a specialty; clr.'Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.; Ellis car.
C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium: rpirits speak face to face: seance Tue.,
Fn.. Su.. S p. m.. 50c. 10S4 Bush: p. Larkln 2275.
BROCK WAY'S psychic seance. Sunday, Tues-
day. Thursday. S:15 p. m.; 25c; readings daily.'
21'? Hyde, cor. Eddy: phone Hyde 2561..
Miss M.Wllle,326A Ellis st..greatest of all crys-
tal sesrs; reads your life correctly; full names
given; sittings., 50c up; 3 questions by mail $1.
ARNOLD & DICKSON tell everything; 50c, $1;
materializing seance Sunday night. 201 Turk.
MRS. LESTER, circle S p. m.. 10c; readings
50c and $1. 148 Sixth, r. 12; tel. Howard 1129.
PROF. Gee.. 108 6th— Readings 50c and $1; cir.
every night ex. Sun., 10c; tel. Howard 1123.
I FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McATllster-Mrs7c.~J.
1 Meyer; sittings daily; te3t to all to-night, 10c.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; opea
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES—K" Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
3to H.iyes Ftreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
\u25a0 €33 Mr AlUeter* street; open until 9:30 p. m.
Ha Larkin street; open urtil 9:30 p. m.
1?41 Mission Ftreet; epen 'intil 10 p. m.
SJCl Maiket Ftreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until $ p. in.
196 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
J0P6 Valencia st; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky rtreets; tspen until 9 p. m.
giOO Fillraore t-treet; open until 8 p. m.
UBBTIKG NOTICES. .
THE regular meeting of the Past ~
Masters' Association, F. and J£i
A. 21.. will be li<?i<l e.t me *.ia- £T&
sonic Temple THIS (SATUK- ff 'ft
DAY) EVENING. October 26. /£,&&
1901. at S o'cloclT H. F. de ff/ziXX
CLIFFORD. M. D.. will de- MVjTV
liver an address on "Egypt and ///Bw**Vv
the Antiquity of Masonry." S^TrT7Q>\
Master Masons are invited. By
order of tiie president.
PETER T. BARCLAY. Secretary.
Degree Lodge No. < g^toj ! ,
2. ! O. O. F. — Regular meeting 5££££K5=
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING.
rirrt degree. g CURTIS. P. M.
THE Officers and Members of the Grand y&j
Grove of California. United Ancient Or- Kg
der of Druids. Part Arches and mem- •""""
bers of the Grove are hereby notified to meet
at Druids' Hall. 41S Sutter Et-. SUNDAY.
October 27. at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. for the pur-
pose of attending the funeral of our late
brother. JOHN M. GRAVES. Grand Secre-
tary. By order of JULIUS S. OODEAU.
Noble Grand Arch.
THE officers and members of «
Hartaagel Chapter No. i. U. A. A\ .
O. D.. are hereby notified to as- /A\
semhle at their hall on SUN- //»\\
DAY. October 27. 1S01. at 1:30 /M^\
o'clock p. m. eharp. for the pur- ff y=y v \
pose of attending the funeral of C -^
onr late brother. Arch Druid
JOHN M. GRAVES, late Grand Secretary.
JAMES F. MARTINONL C. D.
Attest: JOHN HUTTON. Secretary.
THE C.-llforcia Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from N. Gilman. in the American
House Mine, at the American House, Plumas
Cc.. to deposit tailings in a ravine below thi
mine: from James A. Modglin. in the Old
Gardiner"* Po!nt~ Digging*, near Port Wine.
Sierra Co.. to deposit tailinirs in Saw Mill
Ravine: from the California Company, in the
North Hill Placer Mine, near Milton. Cala-
veras Co.. to deposit tailings in Rich Gulch,
and from L. V. Tefft. in the Lone Star Mine,
near Cromb^rg-. Plumas Co.. to deposit tail-
intrs in Jrcksen Creek, gives ncttce that a
meeting will be held at room 59. Flood bulld-
irtp. San Francisco. Cal., on November U,
!««. at 1:20 p. m. ,
.MEETINGS SUNDAY.
Mrs. Gininghatn'e spiritual test meeting, 8 p.m.,
lCc. 305 Larkin; hours 1 to 5; phone Howard 745.
AGENTS WANTED.
XGENTS~WANTED^Our~gTeat~set of Chrlst-
mtt books now ready. Besi and newest books
for children. Colored pictures. Lowest prices-
Best sellers ever known. Agents selling from
12 to 25 book; a da-. Also lire William Mc-
Kinley and Complete Story of His Assassina-
tion, including Lives of Lincoln and Garfleld
and Stories of their Assassination. About 500
extra large pages. Biggest, best book. Superb-
ly UltiPtrated. Lowest price. Handsome and
valuable premium. 75 per cent tb agents. One
book free with each ten ordered. Freight paid.
Credit given. No experienoe necessary. Outfit
free. Sell the best book. Make the most
money. We give the most liberal treatment.
All orders shipped day they are received. We
own the largest binderies and are the enly
publishers shipping books promptiy. HENRY
NEIL. S23 Dearborn *t.. Chicago. IIL
WE want agents for our '"Economy" Harness
Riveter, "with hcrse and cart; agents can
make $200 per month rclliag them to fanners
and rls owners. Send 50c in stamps for sam-
ple sad rrices. Foote Economy Co., Los An-
jeles. Cat.
GLOBE Portrait Co.— Removed to 1067 Market
Ft.: apent* wanted: can rcake S3 to S3 a day.
ADornox.
MATERNITY Vilifi— Good homes for healthy ln-
fur.t*. Dr. Emll'e Funko.W'i Eth rt.. Alameda.
ASrnALTIJl HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt rcoflns, sidewalks re-
r«fr»<1: p^aL 11SS Mission: tel. Folsom 1477.
ASTROLOGV.
PROP. ROUSSEAU. aFtrclopritt; complete life
resdinr. SPc: hy mall. 5Cc. 116J Market st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
FREE advice— J. M. VERDENAL. attorney. 314
Montgomery et- — Divorces, private; fees low;
probating; bankruptcy; collections; suits;
title* perfected : documents drawn; mortgages;
propertv bought: money loaned: insurance 30o
on tlCO. P. B. TRAVERS. eveninss. Ot% l'cst.
ADVICE free: divorces private; bankruptcy; col-
lections; attachment*; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnership*: deeds; will? di*awn;fees low, open
eve"s. THURSTON. 100S»i Mkt.. r. 4. opp. 5th.
ADVICE free— Divorce* a specialty: quick;
<juiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc. prepared: charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOVTE, 850 Market st.
ADVICE free: sioderate fee if successful: office
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT. 9Z7 Market.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
\V. DAVIDSON. S27 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. R, CLARK. Emma Sprockets blfig.. 827 Mar-
ket et.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES For Snle or Exchange.
GOOD eecor.d-b.and blcydea f er gaj^ »; up:
s*r.d for bargain list. LEAVITT & BILL,
3C» Larkin st. »
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY with small child would furnish good
home and care for little boy or girl at reason-
able co!np nsulxn. Address box 1*29, Call.
A GOOD home fcr s. child, where parent con
have room. 1873 Ellis St., near Devlsadero.
' MOTHER'S care and eood home for two or
three children; low terms. 1G07 California st.
HOOKSJ — NEW AND OLD.
BOCKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2256.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-7C8 Mission st.
BUREAU TRUNKS.
TRUNKS o" every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. 82t> Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $-0(>— CIGAR ttore; wholesale district; splen-
did chance lor lady or gentleman. - H. U.
\\ ILK K, 26Vi Kearny tt.
J.00 — CORNEK eiocery and bar; living rooms;
cheap rent; bett part of the Mission; see and
make an offer. It. G. WILKE, 26'yi' Kearny.
A— JlCDC— CORNER erocery and- bar. doing a
large cash business; splendid bar trade; rent
(Za; slcknefg of wile only cause of eale. ere
it. «. WILKE. SfiVa Kearny eU
A— JJIiO— BAKERY and restaurant; established
Ur yeart: doing a first-class paying business.
call It., G. WILKE. 2614 Kearny et.
A— 1100— CORNER saloon on Mason sU; rent
Hi; food husinr-;:*. must be sold at once;
owner accepted Government position. Call
it. G. WILKE, 264 Kearny Bt.
A-$1000— COFFEE ealoon and lunch room la
wholesale district; no rent; daily .receipt*
Ireui ?25 to ?40; help expenses only $5 per day.
Call i:. ft. WILKE, 2C«i Kearny st.
A.—KX— DELICACY and pork etore. with a
11 -.ing rooms; rent $14: business established
years and clearing above $100 per month. Call
K. O. \\ ILKE. 2€Vz Kearny Bt.
A— UC00— LIQUOR rtore on Market St.; estab-
iitiitd many yc-ars; doing a Rood paying buti-
nc*«; invf-ttigate and you will find a tplendld
l»ut-inc«(« cflTer. R. G. WILKE. 26 ! ,4 Kearny.
A— $3.-.<".— COFFEE raloon and restaurant on
Fourth st.. near Market; rent $20; place does
a »rood raying business. Call R. G. WILKE
_26V4_ivearny ct.
tree— PARTNER wanted In light business suited
to plain, tteady man satisfied with $20 a
week: no experience required; trial given be-
fore buying. ?2S Market et-. room 14. ;
OROCKnV and bnr. 5 living rooms; bears full
lr.vcst:gat:on. Call at 935 Market, room 14.
CIGAR etore, vary eood corner, at a bargalnT
Call at Sl> Market et., room 14.
TOR SALE— A pcoil saloon on Market St.; on
account of destb will be sold at a bargain- no
agents. Apply McLEOD & HATJE, Hi Mar-
ket St.
JIOOilING and boarding-houses, hotels, flats.
i-t<-res and bUFitiers places cf every description
Fold and rxchansrd. McBRIDE & CO., 993
Market. st. ; :hone Folsom 450.
A— ?2."C: UESTAURANT; coed location; well
CVei up and paying; must be sold at once.
Pacific Runinera Exchange, 765 Market st.
irw-RKJrTAl'KANT: chance 'to pet banraln;
l"art down: kockJ location. DONALD McRAE.
*J7 Mlreioti ft. \u25a0 -. 4
A— DELICACY store In first-class running or-
cer: tnar«. MITCHELL & CO.. 12UC- Market.
HAIR dressing parlors; well Jocatod; parties
leaving. FALS31TRY. «3 Ninth tt.. Oakland.
IK you wiph to purchase or dlepose of a busl-
Bew. bee lircv.-n & OJeil. rms « and 9, 41 3rd.
FLATS TO LET. '
-ELEGANT new modern flat. 6 rooms. 724
Shrader St.. one- block from Golden Gate
Park.
A MODERN flat, just renovated; 6 rooms and
bath. 735B Ellis <t.
2721V4 MISSION— Lower flat, 5 rooms and bath.
FIFTEENTH, 1S98, corner Dolores— Sunny bay-
wlndow flat. 7 rooms and bath.
4 ROOMS and bath ; upper flat. 15 Perry st.
MODERN sunny upper flat. 7 rooms and bath;
first-class order. Kio South Park.
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat. 6 rooms, bath;
yard;. basement: cheap to good tenant.
TO let— A cozy flat of 3 rooms and yard; $10.
20 Harrison ave.
J15-SUNNY flat. 5 rooms and bath. 2211 Geary
St., corner Devlsadero. \u25a0-. :
?13 50—289 SHIPLEY, near Sixth; nice middle
flat; bath; gas: yard; sunny. '
____FRAj»IES^AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KEiLLlERTKs^3TlSay?s7^Irrv. Nets
•-Best work and lowest prices we.«t Chicago.
FUIIXITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co... 1127-1131 Market.
Immediately — New furniture, parlor, bedroom,
dining-room; sacraflced. 124 12th St., Oakland.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B. Smith Furniture Co., 128 & 132 Ellis.
FURNITURE WASTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st ; telephone Larkln
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warrJhted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP . .WAftTED- — FEMALE.
A— MRS. M. E. DA y'& CO: Phone Main "1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
. 2 waitresses, south, $20; 12 waitresses, first-
class commercial and city hotels, $20 and $25;
2 waitresses, flrst-class city hotel, $25 and
. room; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20- chamber-
maid, light place, country, $20.
.;•••• FAMILY DEPARTMENT ...'...'....
Parlormaid and waitress, $25; French or
English lady's maid. $25; cooks, housegirls.
second girls, city and country. MISS M. E.
DAY & CO.. 335 Geary sO
WANTED— Laundresses, see party here at 9
o'clock, $30; cook, no wash. $35; 4 cooks,
small wash, $25, $30; man and wife as cook
and gardener, see party here, $40; 2 restau-
rant waitresses, *7, $S; 4 second girls, $20:
German nurse, 2 children, $25; all kinds of
housework, city and country. Call early.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
MARY SULLIVAN, the cook who used to
work in Berkeley, please call in person or
send your address to C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. \u25a0
AMERICAN nurseglrl, city, experience, rcfer-
ences. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED for San Jose— First-class cook; must
plan and order_ meals; no dishwashing; wages
$30. Call 1126. Eddy st.. Saturday, 5 to 6
p. m.. or Sunday, 10 to 11 a. m.
ATTENDANTS, ladies aged 20 to 35, as proba-
tioners for hospital to train as nurses; pref-
erence to those with institution experience.
St. Elmo Hospital, Douglass and 18th sts.
THEATRICAL— Wanted actress arid clever
amateur for sketch: good engagement; salary
' or Interest. Address with references, box
1435, Call office. j \
WANTED— Experienced seamstress on cloak
and suit alterations. Apply bet. 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROP.'
ENERGETIC, bright girl to learn^to cut or,
one with experience; good wages. GANTNER
& MATTERN. 1017 Hyde st.
WANTED— Bookkeeper understanding short-
, hand and typewriting: references; wages $20
to start. Box 1416. Call office.
WANTED— Young lady for store at MASKEY'S.
32 Kearny st.
WANTED— First-class skirt finisher! DAN-
ZIGER, Ladles' Tailor. 237 Powell St.
GOOD finishers on cloaks and suits at II.
RATNER'S, 131 Post st.
A YOUNG girl to assist In ! housework and
care of 2 children. 926B Fulton st.
WANTED — A first-class saleslady: references.
Call bet. 7 and 9 p. m., 206 Hickory ave.
WANTED— $8: a young girl to assist in light
housework: sleep home. 523 McAllister st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
\u25a0» learning. Belasco & Harris Co., 541 Market.
WANTED— 2 flrst-class waitresses. 615 Tay-
lor st.
MACHINE operators at LEVI STRAUSS i &
CO.'S overall factory, 32% Fremont st; good
wages; no experience necessary; steady work.
Apply MR. DAVIS, j ,
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for Instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts.
GOOD home for a smart lady to help in a
country grocery and variety store; $200 cash
• security. P. S. DE LUCA, Cosmopolitan
Hotel, 100 Fifth st. I
HAIRDRESSING taught In 2 weeks; manicur-
ing & facial ir.assace included; course $3: po-
sitions positively guaranteed; 4 good positions,
waiting. S. F. College, 233 Geary St., room 15.
WANTED — Experienced operators on ladies'
dress skirts; steady work; good pay. MARKS
BROS.. 1212 Market st.
WANTED — Good, reliable girl for housework;
wages $15: German or Swedish preferred;
reference required. 1303 Leavenworth St.
EXPERIENCED operators .on nenllKee shirts:
iteady work; best prices. LO WEN BERG &
CO.. 27 Jessie St., 5th floor. • ;
NEAT German girl or woman to cook In
bakery. 108 Ninth st. » - -\u25a0
YOUNG woman with, a child as cook in a
boarding-house in country. Box 1422, Call. !
WANTED— Girl for housework and cooking.
1023 O'Farrell st.
PROTESTANT girl for general housework, $20.
2712 Folsom st. f .
GIRL to assist with general housework; sleep
home. 1203 Sutter st.
WANTED— Woman presser. Union Dye Works
1643 Market st.
CHOCOLATE \u25a0 and cream dipper; retail. Call
evenings at The Sugarle, 993 Valencia st.
WAIST and skirt hands for dressmaking. 121
Post st.. room 49. .
WANTED— Girl to assist in care of two chil-
dren; liberal wages. 1518 Fifteenth st.
WANTED— Immediately, a wetnurse. 906 Guer-
rero st.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
\u25a0 CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st \u25a0 .
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and cloak
hands. Apply 1200 Geary st. \u25a0
WANTED— Women for light work on" fruit.
/1731 Fblsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
\ received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore «t
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1035
Valencia st. ; , \u25a0
HELl* WANTED— MALE.
AT^.iR~HA^^E^X^CO?sT7.Tr??ioT^eary^"st'.
. v Railroad Work : Free Tare
10 laborers, company work.........$l 75 a day
". FOR TRUCKEE
100- laborers $1 75 a day
........ FOR CHATS WORTH PARK
50 drillers and muckers.. ....$2 to $2 50 a day
....Free Fare Ship To-day Free Fare....
10 men for concrete work, country, $2 25 a
day; 2 rough carpenters, country. $3 a day....
4scarpenters. railroad work, $3 a«lay; 6 house
carpenters, country, $3 50 a day; 4 milkers,
country, $25 to $30; 2 men to dig a 'ditch,
Santa Cruz County, $2 50 a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Broiler, restaurant, $70; second cook, restau-
rant, city. $60; second hand or cake baker,
shop, city, $50; butler, private family, $35 to
$40; 20 dishwashers and kitchen hands, $30 and
$25 \u25a0...........:.-..... .......:
C. R. HANSEN & CO ........104 Geary at.
J.' NICHOLSON, \u25a0 the blacksmith— Please call
\u25a0 or write to C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st— Cook, small
country, hotel, $45; "cook for restaurant,' $12 a
week; extra cook, \u25a0 $2 50 a day; broiler. $60; 2
waiters. $10 a week; waiter, oyster house. $35;
dishwasher. - $6 a week ; stableman for coun-
try, $20; 'assistant baker for hotel, - $25 ; eleva-
tor boy.- hotel. $12 to $15; cook' for plain board-
lns-house. $35. . . ;
WANTED— Cook and wife. $70, country hotel;
cook, ,$40. country hotel; 3 waiters, hotel. $30;
-. dishwashers, etc. . J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S
Sacramento st. ... \ "' . \u25a0•\u25a0:'*\u25a0.
,A— BOY about 15 • years for store work ; good
opening for bright boy; $5 - week \u25a0 to begin.
MRS. ; M. E. DAY & CO.... ......335 Geary st
WANTED— First-class leather burner. Apply
between 8 and .11 a. m. HALE BROS.
CLAiaVO YAXTS.
mmeTm~BERN ard. ~ ~~ -- - \u25a0 \ " ' -
. the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture - If voa are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be to'.d how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction nuarantced. Tel. Black 4563.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKEi the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket -Ft. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
. | HIGH PSYCHIST.
'.The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fr.il; 'permanently
located at 125 Turk st.: readings by mall.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL, clairvoyant, 100S% Mar-
ket St., from Alohobar; first appearance; will
read your life without asking questions; |
hours 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sunday, till 2 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card ]
reader, born with double veil— second sight; I
dlapnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents SI: palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently -located 114S Market, op--
posite Sixth: private readings dalte', 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. \u25a0 .
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladies
23c, gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixthst.
MME. HANSEN. card reader and palmist, tells
past, present and future, 25c. US Sixth, r. 14. •
MRS. 'MALLORT, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me. . \u25a0 „• •
CLAIRVOYANT carci reader from Louisiana; I
only lCc: Jrcm 1 to 3. 262 Minna st.. nr. 4th.
MRS. MELVILL. well known clairvoyant, water j
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 15C3.
MRS. B. Daumann, well-known fortune teller, I
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry:
truth cr no,pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over Ptore.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 443Vi Jessie *:., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CAKPET RBATIHO A.M) CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Work?, 352-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
MODERN Co.; steam cleaning. 3c: laying;
cleaning on flocr. Phone Mint 301: 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beatlnc Works— Cleaning, |
3c; renovated; relald. 105 14th st.jtel.Capp 2542. j
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prjp.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 17C3 Harrison; tel. Mission 253.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 126. •
CITY Steam CarDet-bcatinpr Works, G. H.
STEVENS, Mgr., 38-40 8th St.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpot-cleaningr and Renn-
vatlnc Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
CMIItOI'OOISTS.
BUNIONS corns. Ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. PUNCAN. 20S ICearny ft., room 307.
COLLKCTIOX OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. :'27 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Arency. room
SS. 91S MarV-Pt. A<1v1re fr^e: tel. R<-<T52tl.-
COTTAGES TO LET.
A MODERN cottage, furnished, 30 minutes
from city: B rooms, bath, fruit trees, piano,
chickens. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
WETMORE. 7, off Clay, above Powell— 4 sunny
rooms, newly papered, painted; yard; $12 50.
DEXTISTS.
A^-DR. T." S. HIGGINS, 927 Market street.
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50:
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up: a good metal plate. $15;
gold and pcrcelaln crowns. $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
I 2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges"
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, .the Rose Pearl..
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; filling?.
iiCc; plates, $J, full set: all work painless and
; warranted. Chicago. Dental Parlors, 21 Sixth.
AMALGAM filling?. Jl; silver fillings, 50c: gold
or porcelain crowns. $5: set of teeth, $7;
teeth extracted painlessly. New York Den-
tists, 969 Mission sf., southeast corner Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
YOU can save 40 per cent \u25a0 on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk et.
DR.R.L. WALSH, S15->; Geary, nr. Larkis*— Pain-
less extraction tOc; plAtes Soup; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly in Murphy bldg.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
" United States or Canada one year for $1.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
PACIFIC Detective Agency, room 610, Exam-
iner building: telephone John 381: reliable
work and efficient service guaranteed.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital; 510 Golden Gato ave.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM. \u25a0
PII.OER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF E^!!e^RICAL~ENGI^
Nt; HIKING — Iheory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st.. S. F. ;
. catalogue free. ' .
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
58 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, . bookkeeping, arithmetic, . penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured ; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF~MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Lite scholarship $50; catalogue.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stantord professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. - 305 Larkln st.
MERRILL^MILLEir ~CoUeVe^SnorthandTlyp^
Ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech. eur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only *60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
Leo Cooper's School '.of Acting, S14 Geary st. ;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH, Latin, Mathematics. Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTOiV,. 776 O'Farrell st.
SPANISH. French, etc.Prof.DeFilippe'sAcademy
otLanguages.320 Post; estab'd 1S71; ablest profs.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th— \u25a0
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
MARY P. "WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, £0c; piano' for practice/ \u25a0 39 Fifth Bt;
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st. ' . :
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 100S Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY - and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st..*S. F. ;
founded 1S63; new SO-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
. etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. " 1C24 Mission, nr. Cth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The .Weekly Call.
.16 pages. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per. year.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address ", In the
. United States or .Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.Continued From Page Twelve.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
GRAND HOTEI*. 1"
1, Ii Gaffney. Hev City T Dougherty, Reno
"W W Nauehton. Chic "W B Austin, Stockton
I S Hurst & w, Chicago T D Pitch, Eureka
1, Pierce, Cal ,. C S Eymonds. N Y- ,
L Evans. Cal . . Mrs W. S Samuels. Ner
J P. Davenport, Lbs A Mrs L. E Russell, SJose
Mrs S C Hitchcock,' Lulu Spangler. S Jose
St Paul , \u25a0 \u25a0 S P Poland ,S Jose ;
,F Graves, St Paul WE Osborn, Nev City
M M Israel, Denver C !• "White, Sacta
F Victor. Denver H C Veatch, Orovllle"
P H Mack, Los Ang D VT Dornslfe, Redlnds
J Aronson, Brooklyn ' C F Schurlk;' Sacto
. J F Turner, Ariz ~ F D Frost. Sacto *
Mrs L. "VV Hihn, S Jose J K Alexander, Chicago
Mrs E J Sanborn. L A W F In«all3, Napa 1
Miss H Sanborn. L A J L Cross, Boston . % .
B V Duque, Los Ang J.E Brau, Madera ' :
E L Hawk. Sacto - D M Burnett. S Jose
\u25a0W E Reavis & w, 1. A Miss McEIroy. • Cal
Miss L Pleasants, Cal Mra J McEIroy, Cal
J "W, Stetson. & w, Oakl Miss V McEIroy, Cal
J H Batcher. Sacto H R Robblns, Monterey
"W W Patterson, Wert- HA PratU Seattle -.
ley - - "W "W Brown. NT-, •
Mrs G T> Worswich, J L Matthews, Kings
San Joae \u25a0 .' -.
: PALACE HOTEI*' 1 - " -:^\
F ECryder, NY EC Rice. New York
G J Cole. Missouri J B' McCune. • Boston
Surg DH Morgan. USN Mr* Lane. Manchester
0 W Posey. Los Ang Mrs Humphreys, N „ H.
H H Clark, Los Ang F Salodey. Phlla
J R Atlens0n,Lo3 Ang V. B Caldwell, Omaha
B Hlrsh-& w. N Y J'C Davis, Denver
L C.Kraeger. Chicago G P- Morton. U S N •
Miss F Law, NY - W R Ramadell, Cal \ "
H M Bigelow, Boston D M Lewis. NY v
G H Bender. Cal R F Crowe 11, Stanford
J J Deppeler, N, Y W H Romaine, N Y ,
Sir E Boehm. Sta Barb J A Brent. Cal
J N Murdock. NY C P Braslan. San Josa
C A Davis. .IXC \u25a0-\u25a0•• J S Murdoch. London. '
G S Nixon & w. Ner W S Blackington. it X
J Rolker. NY T Hughes & w, Chlcag"
HE Krebs &>w. Or . Mrs J L King. Chicago
W Lawrence. Denver Mrs F Hayes. Cal *•
E Brisheimer & w, I?T G C Stevensen Jr & w,
R F Blount & w. r» C • -San Rafaer •
A Romer & w, N T - C F Samson, Denver -
Mrs S J Ackly. N Y -,v ,
' \u25a0 : NEW • "WESTERN HOTEL. . .' ,
C R Tyson; Ohio' ;;fJ A- Williams, Cal
E \u25a0 Field : Angels Camp j N Johnson, Cal - . - -
B Hagen.BinghanrSpgsiR F \u25a0 Gray.- Alameda .-..
C Hill, Seattle T McFeely r Ariz...-
G Lacasae & w, Mont Sergt Danton, Alcatrai
F.EWhelan, Chicago G H Whiteside, Chicago
1 J.Crothers. Colo . \u25a0" B Lewis.. Los Anj
,R de Rosa. Tamales Harry Hooe, Nev . .'
L Stone. .Tamales ' P J Murtba, \u25a0 S Rosa
J Smith, \u25a0 Denver j Byrne. New Orleans
HOTEL ARRTVALa.
LONDON, Oct.' 25.— Hall "Calne haa tieen
elected to represent the town' of Ramsey
in the • Manx Paliament, receiving 458
votes to 191 cast for his opponent, a local
lawyer named Kermode. .\u25a0 \u25a0' \u25a0-\u25a0*;_- *.'*
Caine in Manx Parliament.
BUTTE, Mont., Oct. 25.— The announced
policy of the Amalgamated Copper Com
pany. to curtail " production- in order . to
keep the price of copper up to 17. cents is
now in force. Both the Anaconda ; and
the Boston .and Montana mines and
smelters have been closed down, but it
Is said the suspension will be only., tem
porary.' Fully 8000 men are out of em
ployment. '. _. -. .':-. .......
Curtailing Copper Production.
BROCKTON; Mas3.," Oct; 25.- i Joseph B-
Sullivan of this' city is dying from a bullet
wound said to have been Inflicted by his
brother-in-law, Charles 'W. Morse, a New
York contractor. The shooting is said to
have been due to the fact that Sullivan
was giving .-shelter to Mrs. -Morse, who
came here with her child some weeks ago,
refusing to live longer with her husband.
Morse has been arrested.- . '•
Shot for. Sheltering a Wife.
CHICAGO,- Qct: r 25.— Rear; AdmiraL.Win
field Scott Schley has -accepted the invi
tation of the Hamilton Club : of Chicago
to be present at. a reception and banquet
to be given in his honor. Edwin A, Hun
ger, president of the club, to-day received
the following telegram from Schley In re
ply to the invitation sent yesterday:
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— Millions of
thanks. Impossible to name date at pres
ent." \u25a0; ' ., - :~ \u25a0 : •: ' " \u25a0 ' -• . •
Accepts the Club's Invitation.
SPRINGTFIEEDr m:TO<5C ».'— TBe boHer
of a Wabash freight locomotive exploded
early to-day, two. miles north of this city.
Fireman . Ev>rs .of . East St. Louis /and
Brakeman Thomas Holland . of Clayton,
111., were instantly killed, and Engineer
F. M. Donnelly of Decatur and George
Anthony, who was- riding In the first car,
were injured. The engine and six cars
were destroyed and 150 feet of track torn
up. - ; \u25a0• \u25a0;' v \u25a0•- \u25a0 ..-;\u25a0 ..\u25a0 ; . ; . . ,-/, \u25a0•
siderable Track Destroyed in
: .,'; \u25a0". -" Illinois.' " \u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0" .'
Freight Engine, Six Cars and Con-
EX1TLOSION- OF BOILER
SELLS -TWO TRAINMEN"
: The treaties- are based 'upon' the articles
of. confederation of the gTeater. American
republics. . The \u25a0 date of these last conven
tions is" February, last and. in effect they'
provide ' for "free trade "between the coun
tries' named, for equal rights of citizens in
any one of them and for the 'settlement by
arbitration' of any differences that may
arise -between them. A Congress is to be
held at least once in every five years. '
" WASHINGTON. Oct. 25.— The State De
partment has received through- Consul
Sorsby, at San Juan del Norte, transla
tions of treaties drawn between * Kicar
ragua, ! Honduras, . Salvador, Guatemala
and ' Costa' Rica to regulate international
and commercial relations between them.
Translations of Agreements Among
• Central . American Countries.;.;
\ Sent to "Washington.
STATE DEPARTMENT . ./ .
RECEIVES \ THE TREATIES
Company has declared a dividend of. Mo per
share,, payable on the 28th. -\u25a0 • »
\u25a0S The Homestake Mining Company yesterday
paid $105,000 In the regular, and extra monthly
dividends of 25c per share each. •- \u25a0-.- •
The assessment of »10 per share on the stock
of the Producers' Savings Bank of Bakersfield
falls delinquent October 31. „• ' '
• San Joaquln Oil stock was ex-dlvldendof oc
yesterday. \u25a0 ..-•* ••. \u25a0 -' - -. \u25a0 •
The assessment of- 2c. on Hanford-Fresno-
Kern River Oil stock falls delinquent on the
'exchange November 16. • The assessment of 5c
on Little Standard Oil stock falls delinquent
November. 11. .. - , * .
STOCK- AND \u25a0'. BOND EXCHANGE.
'. FRIDAY, Oct. -25-r2 p. m.
'UNITED STATES 3ONDS. • ;
Bid.Ask-, • Brd.Ask.
4s.quar coup..lll%112% 4s qr c (new). 139
43 quar reg....lll?ill2% 3s quar coup..l08% — j
. MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s. 106>4107 Oceanic \u25a0' SS 5a. .— . 104%
Cal-8t 5s '..118 — ' Omnibus C 6S.129U —
-C C Water 5s.lll%112% Pac Gimp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s.. — 131% Pk & C H6s.Ul 113'
Fer & C H 6s. — 122 Pk & O R- 6S.121 — :
Geary-st 5s ... — — Powll-st R 6s. — —
H C & S 5%s.: — — 1 Sac E G R 5s. 96 98%
•Do 5s ...!:... 99 - S F & SJV 5s.l22%123%
Los Ang R 5s.imiU8 Sierra Cal 6s.. — • — •
L A Light «b.101%— SP of 'Ariz «S^,i;_.
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) ...... ..113%114
;Do gntd 5s. .101 103 (1910> .:.... -.114% — :
L A & P 5s — 102 S P' of Cal 6s .<~ : '" !\u25a0-.
Do 1 c m 5s. — 123- (1905), S«r A.107 — ;
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 128% (1905). SerB.108 - —
Do 1 c m 5S.122 — (1906) [.1 109 —;
N R of Cal 6s.ll2%113% (1912) ..:..... 119%120
Do 5s 121%122 S P of Cal 1st \u25a0• '
Nor Pac C 6s.l0l% — c gntd 5s.:. .111% — \u25a0;
Do 5s :.".. — 108' S P Br Cal 6s.l34 —
Nor-Cal R 5Fs.ll2% — S V Water 6s.lll%lll%
Oak Gas 5s.. ..111% - Do 4s ........ —^104%
,Oak Tran 6s, .123%.— Do 4s.' 3d m.102%103%
' Do 1st c 5s..,— 112% Stktn Gas ;6s.. 102 / — ;
Oak.Wat g os.106 108 .
,. "WATER : STOCKS. ." , .'\u25a0 '/'.'.
Contra Costa.. '77% -78 :. I Port, Costa...... 63 j 65:
Marln County. 58 — 'Spring .Valley. 86% 87%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Sent L & P... — 4' Pacific Light.. 41 .—
Eauitable 3% 4 Sacramento ... 25 35:
Mutual ........ 3 W* S F G & B.... mlsfc
Oakland — 51% San Francisco. 4% — \
Pac Gas Imp.. — 42 Stktn G & E.. 8 —
" • - INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund.240 . — • "
: ' - a . \u25a0) BANKS. . ': ;
Anglo-Cal 77 79 L P & A 159%160
California .....406 — Mer Ex (liq)-. 16 — ;
Cal Safe T>ep..l09 — - S F National.. 130 — .,
First Natlonl.312V4 — \u25a0 \u25a0 ,_ i
SAVINGS "BANKS.
German 1900 — :. Sav & Loan...— .90,
Humboldt — — Security Sav..275_ -»
Mutual Sav.... 60 — Union Trust.. 1700 .: —
S F Sav U 525;—' \u25a0-\u25a0 i i ". \u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0 ;
STREET RAILROADS. '
California ....,13014— lOSLAH 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio ....... 30 —
Market "•••- 889 p5wUr. .-
Giant 80% 81 ' (Vigorit ......... 4 VA
SUGAR..., ' ;
Hana 4% 5 jKilauea .; 11^12
Hawaiian 42^50 Makawell 27% 29
Honokaa .11%— Onomea 24 25.
Hutchlnson . . . 16% 17% I Paauhau 11% —
\u25a0_;_ . .. MISCELLANEOUS.. _
Alaska Pack. .141 — Oceanic S Co.. 44% 46
Cal Fruit Asn. 97 -98 Pac Aux F A.. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn. 89 90 Pac C Borax.. 165 —
Mer Exchange. 110 — Par Paint. 16 —
; ' \u25a0 . Morning.. Session^' :
Board — \u25a0 '
50 Hawaiian CommerciaL & Sugar- 40.00
25 Hutchinson S P Co, cash 16 75
20 Hutchlnson S P Co 16 75
J20CO Market St R R Con 5s ...122 25
30 Oceanic S S bonds... ..45 00 .
50 S F Gas & Electric Co '..... 44 50"
J2000 S P of Arizona (1909) 113 37%
\u25a0 Street— '-. - \u25a0 -
40 Giant Powder Con :;. 79 50 ..
$5C0O S F & S 3 V bonds...'....'.. ...;.. ."...123 00
Afternoon Session. / .
Board— - . . ..- . . - : .
5 Giant. Powder Con .' 80 50
45 Honokaa Sugar Co ...-. .' :..'ll 62%
;265 Honokaa Sugar Co...,..:............. 1150.
80 Market. Street Railway.... 88 75
E0 Oceanic S S Co. 45 00'
50 Paauhau S.P Co .....u... 11 75
50 Paauhau S P Co.. ." ....'1162%
220:Paciflc -Gas Imp ........: -41 75
25 S F Gas & Electric Co.s 90 44 50
65 S F Gas & Electric Cq....'.. 44 75
50 S F Gas & Electric Co.*..... ......:.'.., 45 00
10 S V -Water.; 87 00
$1000 S V 6s V ..;.lll 62%
Street— , \u25a0 " : ;,
.' 20 Pacific Coast Borax ;..165 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. '
• Morning Session. • " -„- . ' :
" • Board—
8 Hanford 105 00
500Home Oil V.;\ -3 35
100 Kern 1 , b 10...:.;;................; - 6 00
200Monarch of Arizona 22
100 Monarch of Arizona, b 90 ....:.... 23
100 Occidental of W Va." 34
150 Reed Crude ..." 35
80 Sovereign ..'. 25
400 Sovereign 24
. 50 Thirty-Three ...."....: ..; ....'725
" Street— ' - . . ".. '
B0 Kern .........: 6 00
; Afternoon Session. ...
100 Caribou " .....:.... -78
200 Occidental of "W Va 35
2C0 Occidental of W Va ' 36
700 Petroleum Center 07
60 Twenty-Eighf 1 60
MINING STOCKS.
\u25a0 \u25a0- - ... __^^^ . \u25a0
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange. Board yesterday:
- ;• -- Morning Session.
200 Best- & Belcher 16 100 Mexican 21
400 Chollar 09 500 Occidental 07
100 Chollar 1O 250 Ophir : ...., 86
300 Confidence 82 100 Union Con...... 17
300 Mexican ....... 22 . v.. : :
i Afternoon Session. "V.'-fV' •• :
500 Chollar ..12 20O-Mexican ...I...; 23
100 Chollar 11 500 Potosi 12
.250 Con Cal & Va..l 85 300 Union Con...... 18
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stoci
Exchange yesterday:. • .• o-i^'A'-'
Morning Session.' : '
5C0 Best & Belcher 16 300 Mexican ....... T
300 Caledonia "31 500 Occidental ....." 0'
-500 Chollar 10 200 Ophlr ........... 8i
600 Chollar 09 200 Onhir gi
300 Chollar 11 500 Overman ....... 0!
200 Con Cal & V.I 82% 500 Potosi •' 1(
200 Con Cal & V...1 85 200 Utah (M
300 Mexican .:..... 21] , . . • '\u25a0-
: *^ Afternoon Session.
• 200 Best" &*Belcher 17 ' 200 Mexican .......' 2:
800 Chollar 12| 200 Ophir : 81
•200 Con Cal & Va.l 85| 30O Utah ft
1000 Exchequer ...... 01\ ... •
* ' CLOSING QUOTATIONS. .
. .. ., > FRIDAT, Oct. 25— I p. m.
y _J Bft-Ask. Bid. Ask
Alpha...... 01 02 Kentuck 01 0
Alta. '............ 01; 02 Lady Wash..... 01 5-
Andea ...: 04 06 Mexican ....... 22 i
Belcher .... 08 09 Occidental ..... 08 0
Best & Belcher 16 17 Ophir ..'. '86 8
Bullion .:..' 02- 04 Overman ....... 04 =0
Caledonia .'..... 30 33 Potosi .......... 12 1
Challenge Con.. 21,, 22 Savage .: ; H • 1
Chollar H..--12 Scorpion ........ , — ' 0
Confidence ..... 82 83 geg Belcher.... 03 ,' 0
Con Cal & Va..l 80 1 85 Sierra Nevada. 17-1
Con Imperial... — 01 Silver Hill...... .32 '3
: Crown Point... '06 07 St Louis.. 03 -
Eureka Con.... V 14 — Standard ......3 80 3 9
Exchequer ..... — 02 Syndicate ;..... — 0
Gould & Curry. 13 14 Union Con 17 ;.-l
Hale & Norcrs. 17 . 20iUtah ... ..... 04' • 0
Julia ...... ...... — i 01 Yellow : Jacket. " 17 ... 1
With the signing of the Peking protocol
it wa's;"belieVed that it had 'determined tha
vexatious questions • arising . out of th©
Chinese revolt. -That protocol provide!
that China should . Issue bonds valued at
450,000.000 taels which should be distributed
among the powers in payment of their re
spective claims- for indemnity. .
Special Commissioner Kockhill has now
reported to the State Department the fact
that the aggregate of the claims of all
Governments is 462,500,000 taels. No other
European -nation is likely to scale its
claims \u25a0 without similar - action by other
Governments and , the - United States may
take the initiative by. proposing as it did
last spring to cut its claim In half. :
\u25a0 Should, this action be taken and other
nations follow Its example, then the ag
gregate would be less than the sum of
450,000,000 taels, bonds for which China has
already taken measures to hand over to
the dean. of the diplomatic corps at Pe
king. * - -. -, ..-.. ... ........
\u25a0 Apprehension is expressed that certain
nations, seeing "the reduction below \u25a0 the
limit accepted, will increase their claims.
In the interest of a prompt and satisfac
tory settlement- the authorities here are
becoming .Impressed with the advisabil'ty
of again putting, forth a proposition ' that
the claims; be -referred, to The Hague
Court of- Arbitration for settlement. %
Had action been taken last fall in. ac
cordance with the proposal of the United
States, or last spring, as persistently
urged by" "Mr.-*Rockhill,. -the indemnity,
question would be outof the way... Secre
tary Hay . and « Mr. Rockhlll . are . giving
special attention to this feature of the
Chinese- question because it contains the
germs of serious complications. -\u25a0-.:-•.•\u25a0- .-\u25a0
CALL - BTTREAU. 1406 O STREET. Nl
W., WASHINGTON. Oct. . 25.— The settle
ment of the Chinese indemnity question
by The Hague Court of Arbitration in ac
cordance^ With the : suggestion . long advo
cated . by ' the United States may yet ha
necessary., . -» - . .. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 :\u25a0-!.\u25a0\u25a0
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
Nations Are Anxious Over
the. Distribution, of ".. •
the Coin.
The Chinese Indemnity
Causes Worry for
HAGUE COURT
MAY BE JUDGE
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1901.
15
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his lato
- residence, 1638 Post street, between Laguna
and Buchanan, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, : where, a requiem, high mass wlll.be
\u25a0 celebrated for the repose of - his soul, com-
. -mencins ,at- 10:30 o'clock. .... Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ...
SULLIVAN— Laid to rest In. Holy. Cross Ceme-
• • terj'. October 25, 1901, the late Daniel R. Sul-
livan, beloved son of P. J. and Ellen Sulli-
\u25a0 van. and brother of C. J. Sullivan and Mrs.
\u25a0 Phil Brown, a native of . San Francisco, aged
35 years. - \u25a0 ,- . - ;
TIERNEY— In this city, October .25. 1901,
. Thomas, dearly beloved . husband of the late
Fannie Tierney. and father of John, Wll-
' Ham and Matthew Tierney and Mrs. E. J.
\u25a0\u25a0 Wren, a native of' County Louth, I Ireland,
. I aged 73 years .7 months ! and" 9 . days. . • • .
• IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
'\u25a0'. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
"(Sunday), from his late residence. 24 Folsom
avenue, thence to St: Joseph's Church. Tenth
street, for services at 1 o'clock. Interment
\u25a0 Holy Cross ' Cemetery. A requiem high mass
will be celebrated Monday, ( October 28.- at S
o'clock, at 'St. Joseph's Church, for the re-
pose of his soul.
WEBBER— In San Leandro, October 24, 1901,
..Mrs. Catherine Webber. . mother of Mr. M. J.
O'Brien, .Mrs. A. Miller and Mrs. D. Gunn,
a native of Balbriggan. Dublin, Ireland, aged
ETInterment Holy -Cross Cemetery, San
: Mateo County, to-morrow (Sunday), on. arrival
.of 12 o'clock creek boat from Oakland, thence
by electric funeral car. - - - . '.
.WISE— In this city, October 25. 1901. Cathrin*
. T. Wise, beloved wife of F. J. Wise, and
g mother of Alma and Lorraine Wise, a' native
• of San Francisco. -'.-•». ;
\u25a0 ET Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
, fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, rrom'her late resi-
dence, 2162 Fifteenth street. Interment Holy
-Cress. Cemetery. :
iShanahan Florist go.
'w /urns-Tic floral designs :
• prices Peasonab/e\
107 POWELL ST.*r«ELLlS 2S£ 5056
. PERSONALS— Continued. ._:,_ . :
ADELINA PATTrS Beauty Crtam. Secret of
continual youth; 50c, postpaid; free demon-
stration; come and see us. Bon-Ton, : 324 Post;
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
sklns. Box 1205. Call office. - \u25a0 ;.
Superfluous hair removed free for 1 week by
elec needle. Dr. Lula Brooks. Mission & 16th.
PRIVATE , detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B.- RAY. 457 Minna St.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher; translations. 513 McAllister st.
LACE curtains cleaned for 35c per pair and up.
1277 Mission st. ; phone Folsom 2528.
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
-will do it; all druggists; phone Pine 2386. \u25a0•\u25a0••.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO..733 Market.
BOO MEN wanted to order suits for JI per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors, 115 Kearny Bt.:."...
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, |2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; 60c
per gallon. Ill Van Ness ave. \u25a0
OBESITY cured: no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO., 738 Valencia st.. bet. ISth & 19th.
r>R. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best'
corn cure; 25c; all druggists..-; \u25a0"_.-. ,;
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color;. $1; at all druggists.
OLD pold silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R.^ JE.VKEL, S17 Market st.
PLAMXG ASlt TURXKiG MILLS. ;
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
FHVSICIAAS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021% Market 6t.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases c* the human- body; see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay Bt. : see testimonials at office. \u25a0\u25a0
HEAL ESTATE CITY FOBr SALS.
FOR SALE BY ~~~ ~~~~
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery St.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
Northwest corner of Pacific and Webster sts.,
46x110, |19,500; or 91 2-3x110, f34,OOO.
North side of Pacific St., between Webster
and Fillmore 46x110, f 14, 500. or larger If needed.
West side Webster street, between Pacific st.
and Broadway; key lot; equal to corner; 45x
137:6, for 115.500.
Two lots west side Webster st., between Pa-
cific st. and/Broadway, each 36x107:6, $11,000;
or 72x107:6, JC2,000. Two friends buying 36 feet
each can leave their space toward each other
and have a lot- almost equal to a corner..
Southwest' corner Broadway and Webster St.".
38:3x107:6, $15,750, with view of bay; refusal
given on this corner.
Lot -30x110 on south side Broadway,- west of
Webster St., with a view of bay. This lot .is
equal to double corner, because It is a key
"lot on the east side and will get plenty of -sun
thereby, and also because it looks into the 60
feet of space of the large grounds adjoining on
the west. " ••' •\u25a0.«
A northeast corner with magnificent and un-
obstructed view for $12,500.
50x137:6, on north side Vallejo St.; fine view;
Etone bulkhead; for $8200.
Broadway/ between Steiner and Pierce sts.;
40x137:6; one of the last lots for. sale In that
block. •\u25a0
Broadway, near Pierce St.; 37:6x137:6, with
fine view; cheap. «_.
A flfty-vara southwest corner on Pacific ave.,
with fine view of the city.
Pacific ave lot, near Presidio Heights. 30x
127:8.
37:3x137:6, on north side Broadway, between
Baker and Lyon sts. ; magnificent and unob-
structed view; fine homes will be built In this
block; last lot for sale In that block. \u25a0
Broadway, between Broderick and Baker sts.;
three lots. 32:6x136.
A corner fifty-vara on Vallejo St., near Pre-
sidio, with fine view; only $10,000.
34x127; on Broadway; owned by an estate
and must be sold. : " • " ' \u25a0'• >
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
Real Estate Agents,
.5 Montgomery st.
A- SUNNY north corner,, near Van Ness ave.;
large. lot, with fine residence of 14 rooms.
Large residence on Jackson st.," near Polk;
14 rooms: lot 35x127.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery st. \u25a0'
$350 AND $250 each. 2 sunny corner Mission
lots ; frontage on 3 streets ; cash \u25a0 or install-
ments. Apply 360 Jessie Et. -
PIERCE st., near Broadway, 35x100, for $3250,
to sell quick. 646 Market st.
FOR sale — Cottage of 4 rooms, large basement
and yard: half caeh. 3022 Pierce st.
HEAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
800- ACRE ranch ln^Sonoma County, 12:-. miles
from Santa Rosa. 'l'A miles from Kenwood
(Southern Pacific station); -within" four miles
of the California Northwestern Railroad; land
long conceded to be among the very finest
vineyard land in the State; would pay splen-
didly if now planted in resistant vines; bot-
tom lands highly productive; house on prem-
ises contains ten rooms and bath; hard, fin-
ished; also large barns and all other neces-
sary buildings; hot and cold water through-
out; abundant supply of water for- all pur-
poses piped from perennial springs; this prop-
erty and additional money necessary is offered
In exchange for San Francisco income prop-
erty worth from $60,000 to $100,000.
Apply to THOS. MAGEE & SONS, i .
Real Estate .Agents,
5 Montgomery st. \u25a0
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatt. Sonoma. Co. ; "future value assured, as'
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California St., for pam-
phlets and information. ' \u25a0 .' " •
A SNAP; only $500; 1 acre of land In Stockton;
house, barn, chicken houses, > etc. ; 'orchard,
alfalfa patch, 2 wells, fine water, ' windmill :
SS50: 12 acres close to Stockton, house of 5
rooms, barn, well, etc C. .F. MOORE, 935
Marke't st.. room 6. \u25a0 '.' " . "
A— IF you want to buy, sell or exchange city
or country property call. on' MARION GRIF-
FIN. 719 Mrket st.. S. F...office near Call big.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres; El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222. Call.-
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, 6ent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for Jl.'
PQFtage paid. :•....\u25a0
PROPERTY WASTED.
WANTED— For client, income property on Mis-
sion Kt. or between Market and Sutter, east of
Taylcr, S. F.. $50,000 or less. Particulars to
W. E. BARNARD. 1118 Broadway, Oakland.-
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
J1900 WILL build a modern house of -6 rooms;
lot 37:6x125; Central ave.; $400 cash. -
$2800 — New cottage," 6 rooms;) lot 50x120. " "J.
H. YOUNG, 1243 Park St.. Alameda.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; 'A cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
5 ROOMS, with high basement; lot 50x160; fruit
trees and garden; stable; chicken house;
fenced and cross fenced; centrally located;
price $1500; terms reasonable.
\u25a0>. : ."'a new 5-room modern cottage; cement bulk-
head and walks; good well; only 1 block from
cars and local trains; price only- $1500; $10
cash, balance $15 per month. . • , ,
1 A new 5-room modern house; only 2 blocks
from trains and cars; large lot; will be fin-
ished in about a week.
HOME REALTY CO.,
Lorln Station, Berkeley.
WILL THIS TEMPT YOU? . . . - - , . "\u25a0 '
tSGOO will buy a fine two-story house and
lot, near the station 6n the eunny side of
the street; street work all done; to any one
buying this property during the coming
week' I 'will give as a bonus a' fine corner
lot. 60x100, adjoining the above; mind you,
there Is no mistake, will grit e . you the lot ,
free if you buy the house and lot. Apply to
JOS. J. MASON, adjoining P., O., Berkeley
ptatlon. \u25a0 \u25a0
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATE.
12500— FINE large comfortable' 8-room cottage,
with bath and all modern ' Improvements, and
all in good condition; select central residence
location on Myrtle St.; lot. 60x125 feet; sunny
front; easy walk from local station; rents for
\u25a0 $24 per month; terms can: be arranged;
GEO: W. AUSTIN - & CO.,'
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$800— PLAIN but co*y cottage of 5 rooms In
good condition; sunny - side; • close " to San
Pablo-ave. electric cars; street work'all done;-
insured for $800; policy paid for^3. years in.
advance goes with the place; title perfect;
term* can be arranged; . would -rent for $S to
$10 per month; look this up; owner on prem-
ises. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
. :..1008 Broadway, Oakland. -'
MOVE.Y TO LOAX — Continued. -
253,{K.tO— EASTERN capital to loan at low rate
on California securities, first or second mort-
gages, city or town properties, undivided ln-
lerests in real estate, legacies, etc., also first-
class ranch property; will loan as high as 75
per cent of real value. W. L. HARFER, 3»7
Tarrott 'jullding.
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building-
Jo. 000, 000 at 6% or less In large sums; loans
on secor.d mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems; of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HEUMAX MURPHY. 603 Examiner bids.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgagis estate*, undivided interests; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN,
Adams tiuilding. 206 Kearny St.. room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos a:ad sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
S Grant ave.. near Market St.; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rate*;. Baldwin Jeweiry Store, S46 Market
6t.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1» Third Et.
A MILLION at 4 per cent; smaller amounts at
5; city or farm property; long time; state
amount desired and location of property. P.
O. box H)73.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
OK real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
fSOO.COO AT 6 per cent in sums to suit in city:
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates; second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SOX, 412 Pine.
CASH loaded to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
petty; '10 removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. R'X>m 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
t>N furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; rel .able party. 1170 Market 6t_, room 68.
LOANS en pianos, furniture without removal,
libraries, goods in warehouse, etc.; any amt.;
lowest rates; priv. Ormsby. 26 Montg.. office 7.
6% on furniture and pianos; J15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
comrnis. ; confidential. Whltehead. 1706 Market.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture; ?5 & month on each
$1000; any security. S02 Montgomery St., c L
XF you want a home I will loan you mc/ney to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL, 222 Eansomc st.
THE TOL'SLEY Company; loans and dis-
cour.ts. 221 Parrott building^
LOANS money on salary: no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL I\STRUMEXTS.
AGAIN ve remind you that our piano stock,
both new &n<l second hand, is the largest
west of Chicasro and includes the most re-
liable Makers to choose from. New pianos
eo'.d upon easy payments of J6 per month;
some geed pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month.
SHERIDAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Fran-
. Cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.,
Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS— *
Second-hand upright pianos from S55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from J25 up: new up-
right nianos from J175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON 16 to 19 O'Farrell. Chickerlng, Ma-
eon an<? Hamlin, Vose, Sterling pianos.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co.. sole agents most famous and oldest Amer-
ican makes; easy payments; big allowance for
second-hand piencs; rents $2 up allowed; bar-
gains. $25 up; Steinways. $165; Chickerings,
tlSo; 50 others; agents wanted. 217 Geary st.
A REAL treat is in store for any one \u25a0who will
take tte trouble to call and hear the won-
derful Simplex piano player as it is exhibited
In our warerooms every day; It Is the best
on the market. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
\u25a0within 2 year* and full purchase price al-
lowed en a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano :.'rom us. KCHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farr«;ll et.: established 1S30.
A SMALL Weber upright. $125; elegant walnut
case, Ivnabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak case; Hardman square, $15; organs. $23
up. BOWERS & SOX. 23 Fifth et.. IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
A FACT worth remembering is this, you get
your money's worth when you buy a piano
from vs; we sell the famous Decker & Son
and Baumeister: cash or payments. THE
ZEN'O MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
f triko has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos in storage to be sold at Eastern fac~
tory price?; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 17C6 Market ,Et.
PIANOS— The most modern and up-to-date;
Cteck. Everett, Conover. Packard. Ludwig.
Hardman and many others; wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiley B.« Allen Co.. -933 Market Et-,
B. F. ; (Branch Store. 951 Broadway, Oakland).
HANDSOME 3-pedal upright; used 6 months;
sacrifice; leaving city. 502 Eddy. cor. Hyde.
NEW piano, pianola and music on sale: great
bargain; party going away. 217 Geary st.
IV ANTED— 5 square pianos and organ for coun-
try schools. BYRON MAUZY. SOS-10-12 Post.
J23 — HERTZ piano; good for practice; Schaffer
uprigh:. nearly new, $99. "217 Geary st.
'SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
SOHMER. Eyron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,
Fpielm ir.rk pianos. 30S Post Et.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
tCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St. .
ELEGAXT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
AT KEKFFES. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shor.ln^er. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGAXT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. gOQTT -CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
OFFJCKS A\D STORES TO LET.
22S PACIFIC Ft.— Handsome store; also S04 San-
some ft., -nice store. $10 per month. \
ROOM, lijrht. phone; suitable for designer or
card v-titcr: V>. Inquire 1008 Mission st.
OIL. ~
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
sizes; -heap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission Et.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELl]r^ciemlflc~palro7str^li
Tayior r,t.. bet. Ge&ry and Post; tel. Black 561
KEERGAARD. president St. Germain College.
reads iicin 1 to 5. 700 Post: phone Hyde 2633.
l'Al.M>,ii> A.NU llliCOHATOUi.
4. C. EOMALNE. 640 G. 6Tave. - phonTpolk*1423-
test qjallty work; lowest prices i get figures.
SOOMS papered $3 up; whitening done. HART-
MAX PAINT CO . tel. Red 3521. 319 Third bt.
rERSOXALS.
NAVAJO blankets; hand made! by^ Indians;
have not been known to wear out; S pounds
to 16 pounds; relic hunters, housekeepers and
dealers save money by teeing these at
SMITH'S CASH STORE, third floor 25-23
Market St.. San Francisco.
,X2CpiA>r baskets, Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL, US Geary
et.. largest curio store in America; visitors
welcorae; Indian baskets from $1 upward.
AX elefrant line of remnants for suits to or-
der, $]j; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suite on jn-
Btallmsnts. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket St., between Seventh and Eighth.
" MRS. BRIGGS, dermatologist— Superfluous hair
moles, other facial blemishes permanently re
moved without pain or scars by the latest
electri-: appliances. 868 Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171
HAND tiatchels, all shapes, all sizes, all colors
all prices. 25c up; lunch baskets. 10c up
trunks at money saving prices. Why no'
supply your wants at SMITH'S. 27 Market at.:
ONE BOTTLE of Plnu» will cure any case o;
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; prict
12 DO i*r bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med
Co.. 721 Valencia Bt.. S. F.; tel. Church 1571
ELECTI1IC light in every room — Winchestei
Hotel 44 Third Et., near Market; 700 rooms
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to Pi per week
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry
WHY Gaess? You can be certain of style am
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. pattern;
and Ttie Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS
Domestic office, 1021 Market Bt., near Sixth
\u25a0 COMFOHTS, white cotton filled, 75c. $L $125
tl 75 "3 25. You save money on every pur
chase a.t SMITH'S. 27 Market st. ;_
GOOD work and politeness is what you find a 1
Lederet-s; hairdressing 25c; hair dyeing. O
LEDEiSER, 123 Stockton Bt
MeCABK'S Detective Agency handles all legiti
mate detective business. Emma Spreckel
bldg.. rooms 323-324, S. F. : teL South 8S1.
AT cash prices; ladies* tailor-made suits, coats
Ellk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc. ; weekl;
paymeats. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, tbree-quarte;
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTINC
CO., 1S10-1312 Stockton at., near Broadway.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed will
electri.; needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter et
I A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call oi
Dr.G.C.Moore, 232 O'Farrell; send for circular
. -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND 'REAL 'ESTATE.' I'^j'
:': : " '\u25a0}\u25a0 =\u25a0•:.. ;.;\u25a0'
AUCTION I AUCTION ! 1 '. AXTCTION ! ! ! ,
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!'. . "
AUCTION I AUCTION!! AUCTION!!! ..
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!!
AUCTION! AUCTION!! AUCTION!!'.
AUCTION! AUCTION!! -AUCTION!!! . :
WOODWARD, . WATSON . &' CO.,
WOODWARD. WATSON .'" * ' CO.".
WOODWARD, WATSON & /CO., .
WOODWARD, . -WATSON* ' & '.',"; CO.,
\u25a0 woodward; .watson' ; &; co., "\u25a0
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..* .
(Successors to William J. Dlngee.)
REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS. .:
REAL - ESTATE AUCTIONEERS. \u25a0 " - '
\;~- 'REAL ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
REAL, ESTATE AUCTIONEERS.
: REAL ' ESTATE AUCTIONEERS. '
REAL ESTATE- AUCTIONEERS. -
\u25a0 \u25a0 ..... .-\u25a0"..: \u25a0 »t- \u25a0 \u25a0 ' • >'->
AUCTION.
' '".. -. '.; AUCTION. ' "
: : '\u25a0 . . AUCTION. .
; ' AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
' \u25a0\u25a0 , Special Credit SaU of \u25a0
38 38- 38 38 .- \u25a0
CHOICE RESIDENCE - LOTS; V. •
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
r!r£ CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS. " .
. . . CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
'. Facing West Street, .- '. .'
Market Street,
85th Street and '36th Street.
SATURDAT, November, 2, 1901.
AT SALESROOM, 903 BROAD.WAT. "
These lots : are surrounded • by new homes \u25a0
and more are in course of construction. -\u25a0
The street work is complete. Terms only
1-5 cash; remainder in easy installments.
Carriages at office for inspection of property.
. Office open evenings- bv appointment.
, Installment or flat loans negotiated for home-
builders. .• . . - - •
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT. /
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT. "-\u25a0=-\u25a0
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
TITLE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT/
For catalogues and other particulars apply to
WOODWARD, WATSON & "CO., "
WOODWARD, WATSON "& '.."CO.. .'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0".
WOODWARD, . WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
t WOODWARD. WATSON & CO./ '
- WOODWARD, WATSON _ CO...
(Successors ta William J. Dlngee.)-/
Real Estate Auctioneers,
> 803 Broadway. Oakland. • - •.
_\u2666_ \u25a0— .
COST TO DUPLICATE ?4000.
x New 7-room house; . cement basement;- the
latest' in design and finish; nickel and open
plumbing;' choice neighborhood;, improve-
ments opposite cost $16,000; 3 blocks to local
Etatlon; owner non-resident; house must be
sold; positively the finest property for the
money ever offered for sale In Oakland; call
\u25a0 early - or you may lose an ; opportunity. '
J. S. MYERS & CO..
' ' 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.'
$3000— CHOICE new story and a half house;
six rooms;. basement; in fact, an ideal beauty
in . location and .architectural finish; lot is
high end sightly; near Senator Perkins" house
on Vemon Heights; owner compelled to sell;
no reasonable offer refused; space too limited
to extol its charming qualities; seeing is be-
lieving;' call early. : - • •••• \u25a0 .
J.-S. MYERS & CO.,
,\u25a0 - 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS— COST $3500.
. I am instructed to sell without reserve a 6-
room two-story house with all the latest con-
veniences to" the highest bidder, this week; ' I
think $2600 will buy the property; it is a
forced ' sale; space too expensive 'to enumer-
ate its many good qualities ;\u25a0 lot 50x140; con-
venient to cars,? schools and business center;
owner must sell. J.-S. MYERS & CO., . '
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND FURxMTUltE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
• furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin.- Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. ~
CENTRAL ave.; 722, 'near McAllister — Three
furnished housekeeping, rooms; , sunny • and
cheap; no children. '\u25a0 ..
EDDY. 156— Newly furnished sunny front room;
use of kitchen, with gas range included. \u25a0
ELEVENTH, 120— Modern unfurnished front
and back parlor; gas, bath; cheap....
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three, $14; three, $16; also single, $4, $5 and up.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 409— Alcove and kitchen;
completely furnished; bath; grate; yard. .
GOUGH, 115— Sunny modern parlor; gas range;
phone; gas; bath; complete housekeeping'; $15.
HOWARD, 935V4, between Fifth and Sixth— Two
. nice sunny rooms for housekeeping; reason-
able; no children. .- " - ' ' •
HYDE, <08— Sunny hskpg suite, $17; basement
rear suite, yard, laundry, $13; permanent only.
HYDE, 614 — A suite of newly furnished house-
keeping rooms; every convenience. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 .
LARKIN, 819i£— Sunny front -alcove- rooms;
light 'gas, \u25a0 bath, \u25a0 phone. ' " , \u25a0
MISSION, 766, near Fourth — Furnished rooms
and housekeeping rooms to let; ;\u25a0-.•\u25a0 \u25a0 - -^
OAK, 119— Sunny room, furnished \u25a0 for house-
keeping;' range; running water; closet; $8.. ;•
POLK. 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for -housekeeping; cheap; .reference.
SUTTER, 995, corner Hyde— 2 front rooms' fur- \
nlshed for housekeeping. \u25a0. .
TEHAMA, ' 478, near Sixth— 3 rooms, kitchen;
complete for housekeeping; 312. .-.---
THE St James, cor. . Laguna and McAllister
sts.— Large, well-furnished single " room, $8;
handsomely furnished- suite- for light house-
keeping; $15j handsomely . furnished corner
suite for light housekeeping, extra kitchen in-
\u25a0 eluded; select home for 'families; near. park.
THIRD, 419— Newly furnished .'.housekeeping
rooms; also single rooms. \u25a0'.'\u25a0>.* . • ' • '
VALENCIA, 128— 2 or 3 sunny furnished bay-
window rooms; "kitchen; „ private .family and
adults. . . ',. ", .<- % \u25a0 , y • -. .!
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C95
Valencia st. - ~
ROOMS TO LET— Farn. and Cnfarn.
\u25a0ARGTLErHoteV'wi'McAlllBter^New," elegUnt'
sunny; grill attached; country visitors find no
. place like the.'Argyle: take McAlllster-st. cars.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
- 25c to-$l per, night; $1 25 to $5 <per week, and
light housekeeping- rooms; open all night, i
AT Shasta House,. 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 26c ! to 75c,, $1 . to-. $3 week. ;.--.- '\u25a0•f -..
A SUNNY suite,' and singles, neat and clean,,
bath, phone. Prices low. 332 Stockton.'
BRADY, 39, off Market— Newly furnished sun-
-ny. rooms; private family; $5. . - . , \u25a0".';\u25a0
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
•' • nlshed rms., suites, single; also, unfurnished.'
ROOMS TO LET— Fura. aadUnfnxB.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis," corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.', \u25a0
ELLIS. 922— Nicely furnished room with private
bath attached. - - - .. ' ; . -..- .\u25a0
EUGENE, 265 O'Farrell— New House, fireproof,
new furniture; electric elevator; 25 private
'suites with bath; -baths free; first-class. : ..
FELL, 253 — Furnished "rooms -for gentlemen,
n-50 and up -per week; laundry free. Call
. after 6 p. m. . ... "
FRANCISCO- HOTEL-Elegant suites: single;
transient; baths. .Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
FURNISHED room, ; suitable for two gentle-
men; near Golden Gate Park ;- good- car ' ser-
vice; $10 acmonth. •- Address box 1634," Call. .
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
- suites and single; travelers accommodated. : .
GEARY, 1101 (The Martinet)— 2 very desirable,
j handsomely . furnished suites; modern conven-
iences;' everything new; prices • moderate.
GEARY, 1137— Modern" suite arid "sunny rooms ;
newly furnished. , . _ v • , -
HAIGHT, 632— Large, sunny, .well furnished
.•room; modern;- running water; -gas; bath.
HOTEL ST. DENIS • (European plan), 24 Turk
\u25a0 et., near Market— Central location; new build-
- ing; elegantly furnished; .strictly first-class;.
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
\u25a0 week or' month;: best> in the -city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars . to Turk st. - -
HOWARD, 761 V4— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
-window and other rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD, 1072—3 room3 in the rear house, |6.
JONES,' 919A— Nicely furnished, sunny room;
private family; for gentleman.' \u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0..,-
MISSION, 930^4- (Laurel House)— Rooms to let;
locked door; no transient." \u25a0 : . -. . \u25a0
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015. Market at. \u25a0 V
O'FARRELL, 20- : -Sunny 'furnished ' rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, 'mo.
5'FARRELL. 637— Front room suitable for one
or two gentlemen wlth-private family. ...
POWELL, 259 (Edinburgh)— Sunny rms, single,
1 suites; on Union Square; reasonable; Tel.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
\u25a0 repJing-room, smoking-room and ladles"' 1 par-
lor, rooms, per night, 25c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20;' elevator on ground floor;
. rooms with hot and cold water; baths. .
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth- Bt.,
near Market — Furnished or .unfurnished.
SUTTER, :' 309— Nicely furnished .- sunny .' rooms
.cheap* also housekeeping. •; / .,•\u25a0-..
SIXTEENTH, 2926. . near Capp— Two or three
sunnyj unfurnished rooms;, gas, bath; rent
;\u25a0 $9 or ?12."- : - \u25a0'•'\u25a0\u25a0".. •\u25a0" - ' '-••- \u25a0'\u25a0
TAYLOR,- 810— Sunny room for gentleman; $10^
TWO srinny rms. • handsome; ; private residence;
; gentlemen; central.- M., box 1371, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
; received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
'; rooms and Aboard. • ~/
HARRISON, 570-Rincon Hill for genteel, peo-
". pie; $3-60,-. $4,'. $5; housekeeping rooms at mod-
" erate prices; room only $4 month to $12; write
" or . call for particulars. \u25a0'.'... . -".
THE CECILERNE,' 930 Tan Ness ave.. . '.'.
THE CORBIN, -836 Sutter St.— Rooms single and'
1 en suite; private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
cellent table. -.- \u25a0 \u25a0 - \u25a0• - : - -\u25a0 -\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0 . :
SUNNY front 'parlor suite, with good board for
; 4, in private family; $18; telephone. 516 Jones.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.,
O'FARRELL. 605 (Johnson House)— Exception-
' ally fur. suites; beautiful- grnds;. table board. \u25a0
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3316 — Nicely- furnished rooms,
without or .without board. , -.- \u25a0 : : ; ;
CALIFORNIA, ' 807 (Stfcvenspn mansion)— Select
' family, hotel; exceptional table ; attractive rms. *
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
»\u25a0 rooms, batn; board optional; single rooms.
• ROOMS W ANTED, j .
WANTED— A- housekeeping room;.: within 10'
minutes' walk of Kearny.; north' of Market;
• respectable house; permanent; state terms; a
Japanese couple.' Box 1340, ..Call .office.
WANTED— 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms,
bet. ;Hyde and Gough, Turk and Sutter; sun-
ny side. Address E., 615 Larkin st.
WANTED— 3 modern unfurnished rooms, suit-
able -for light housekeeping, by small family.
' Address Vecetarian. 14S2 Market . st. -
MAN wishes unfurnished room, $3.to $4 month,
• in small family.. .Box 1424, Call office. ,\u25a0 ,'
2 OR*3 furnished housekee'prng.-ToomB; no chll-
dren;. state rent. Box 1404. Call office.
L v RUPTCRE SANITARIUM. "
\u25a0iHUNTEirS R^JpTU^E''sAN?TARiuM7 1206
Market; treatment free; $100 paid for any truss
\u25a0 as good as our new double lever rupture holder.
' SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0."
CHEAPEST -and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
DISEASESand ailments of men treated; cdn-
sultation free. American dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
. pairing; lowest rates.Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing;lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN -WEST '-Storage Warehouse, 840 M<«-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFU8S.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving 'Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st. ;
> tel.'. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.' '--
TO LEASE.
OT^NE9TTotTl37l6^776^eetrSE. corner Beach
and Taylor, sts.. North Beach,' near seawall.
\u25a0 Apply : owner, , 310 Ellis Bt. . \u25a0 \u25a0 - \u25a0
jrYPj^yRrr^RS^^Njr^suppLiEs. •
GREAT BARGAINS IN . TYPEWRIT ERS^We
sail better machines for less money than any
• \u25a0 house in the city; rentals, $3. -The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estimate free. 209 Sansome.
/MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage, licenses were issued
yesterday:..- • ., ; -, - \u25a0• . •-. \u25a0
- Louis Rohn, 32, Salt- Lake City, and Fred-
reka Briatow, 28, city.
Charles J." Plambeck, 23, 1915 Mission street,
and Caro Le - Breton, " 21, - 1828 Howard street.
Leslie T. Peacocke, 32, Santa Cruz, and Ade-
llnde M. Hayes, 22, Santa Cruz.
William J. Fife, 40, Tacoma, Wash., and
Mary C. Duboce, 30. city. . .
George A. Little.' 28, 816 Vallejo street, and
Etta A. Crawford, ' 24, 1816 Ellis street. ,
Edward A. Rusac, 24, 18^' Henry street, and
Annie G. Herbert, 22, 977 Oak street, i »
Charles R. McLoskey, 41, 2001 Dupont. street,
and Mary Gallagher, '40, 2O01 Dupont street,
a Elmer F. Davidson, 19, 2422A Polk street, and
Laura E. Waterman, 16, 915 Railroad avenue.
Karl Yugoe, 31, 1317 Minna street, and Hulda
M. Johnson, 29, ; 1706 Fillmore street.. '. -
Charles L. Marty, 32, 739 Folsom street, and
Eugenie M. Doraergue, 22. 9 Harlan place.
Achille Domergue, 30, 1537 Fourteenth avenue
south, and Eugenie -Rouquette, 33, 1237 Stock-
ton street. \u25a0 ' . .." ' ' '\u25a0•.:•- '•
Charles A. Lazzarini, 33, . 2009% Fillmore
street, and Lulzina Soderi, 18, 2009V4 Fillmore.
Diedrich . J. \H. Reitmann, 33, 1931 Howard
street,, and Auguste L'Allemande, 33, 1931 How-.
ard street. • \u25a0 \u25a0 .
I Edward Clifford, 23, Redwood City, and Maud
Hart, 18. 638 Green street. * \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 - .. \u25a0-'...
- BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and -death notices' sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the \u25a0 oubllcation offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized- to have the same published*
;•';/ f.BORlT. ' -, -• -',;- : -
JONAS— In this . city, October 24,\ 1901.' to the
\u25a0wife of Isidore Jonas (nee Keene), a daugh-
ter. . \u25a0 ;;. -. . \u25a0-.'\u25a0•.-\u25a0-'\u25a0• ' fV :
KRAUT— In" this city, " October. 23, 1901, to the
wife of Emll F. Kraut, a son. . -. \u25a0 .
: r: - MARRIED.
BROWN— COWELL-^In this city, October 24,
1901, by the Rev. . Dr. ? Woods, George Frank-
-\u25a0 lln:Brown and Ora Birdie Cowell,. both of
Westley. Stanislaus County, Cal.- .... .
BILLGREN— JONSON— In this city," October
" 24,v 1901, "• by the Rev.\ Dr. ~E. Nelander,. -pas-
tor of the First English Lutheran Church,."
Frans L. Blllgren of San Francisco and Anna
Jonson of New York City..:..
JOHNSON— CARLTON— In , this city, October
• 24, 1901, by the Rev. Dr. Woods,- LeviJohn-
* ' son and Mattie - Carlton. 1 both of \u25a0 San • Fran-
cisco.i •-'''\u25a0\u25a0:'.• \u25a0'\u25a0'•- I- - - - • .-
MACDONALD— CREIGHTON-In '« . this -' • city,
October 23, 1901, at Hotel Berkshire, by the
' Venerable -Archdeacon . Trew. D.D.,- of Los,
. Angeles, ' George ' Ernest Macdonald of : Van-
couver, B, C. , . and Annette M. -\u25a0 Crelghton ' of
• San r Francieco, formerly of Halifax, N., S. : :
Abraham, Elsie Kemp, John "W. >
Billings, O. J. •\u25a0"'. ., Martel,. James, L. .*.
. Bode, . May - ' y Mendel, Maurice .
-Brazel, Joseph P. .Mesa. Mrs. M.,M. de
\u25a0 Brodersen, Minnie • Moriarty, Ella '; \u25a0;. '.
Casmann, John ; Owens, Ellen R. .
. Condon, Juila •-• .* Pumphrey, .Milton G.
Davison, Catherine Sammi, August C. .
Devlin, Michael Stack, John . ,
Donohue, Annie -Sullivan, Daniels. \u25a0
Dunlevy, Nellie M. ' Tierney.;. Thomas \u25a0{;"
•Gardner, Marie Webber, Mrs. C.
Graves, John M. Wise. Cathrilie T.
; Hawley, Samuel \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 ,. . -,, :
ABRAHAM— In Oakland. October 24. ' 1901.'
- Elsie, beloved daughter of Isidor and Eva
Abraham; and sister of Fanny' and-'Sam
Abraham, a native of Berlin, Germany, aged
18 years 8 months and 9 days. vv >r\
BILLINGS— In thla city, October 22, 1901, 0. J.
Billings, ' beloved husband of Mrs. O. J. BJJ-
' lings, a native of California," aged 23 years.,
'\u25a0 (C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
' Charles J. B. Metzlerr 636 -Washington street.
. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. -:
BODE— In. Alameda, . October 24. 1901, May,
• beloved, wife of L. C. • Bode, - daughter of Mrs.
: M. Geerdts of' Ballard, Wash., and sister of.
the late Mrs. M. ' Rlley, William -F. Geerdts
! and Albert Geerdti of Ballard, "Wash., a* nar
tive of Iowa, aged 36 " years.
i ETFriends . and acquaintances are • respect-
fully invited'.to attend thefuneral to-morrow
• (Sunday),' at 2 -o'clock, from her late resl-
• der.ce," 1035 ''Taylor avenue, \u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0 b^fween St.
"Charles and " Caroline streets. Intermen$
- Mountain" View ".Cemetery. •'.. •"••' '\u25a0 • \u25a0 -
BRAZEL— In this, city,. October 24, 1901, Joseph
P., beloved son of Patrick and Mary Brazel,
.brother of Brother John . Brazel. S. J. ; James
Francis, Edward D. and Francis Ignatius
Brazel, . a native of San Francisco, - aged • 24
years 10 months and 21 days.
. . tC7"Friends and acquaintances- are respect-
fully • Invited to attend the funeral to-day
E (Saturday), 'at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 280 Fell street, thence to
\u25a0 St. Ignatius Church, where a solemn requiem
; mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
• Boul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
'\u25a0 Holy Cross. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
BRODERSEN— In. this city, 24, 1901,
-Minnie Brodersen, relict of: the late William
Brodersen, and dearly beloved ; mother of
William E. Brodersen and Oscar R.\ Jenigen,
a native of Hessen. Germany, aged 75 years
10 morths and 7 days. . , \u25a0• - . . — \u25a0
- IC?" Friends and " acquaintances are \u25a0 respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late . resi-
dence, 3459 Twenty-sixth street. Interment
\ Laurel Hill Cemetery." .. . "',\u25a0'.•\u25a0 "' • :
CASMANN— In this city, October 25, 1901, John
\u25a0.Casmann,' beloved son. of John and Christine
.. CasiMann/." and "brother of Louisa Casmann. g
CONDON— In this city, October 24, 1901, Julia
Condon, a native of Ireland, aged 75. years..
DAVISON— In this city, October 24, 1901, Cath-
erine Davison; a native of | England, aged -76
\u25a0 years. , • .'-,..- :\u25a0 . ..-.-. :-..'\u25a0; .-. \u25a0\u25a0-.
DEVLIN— In this city, October 24, 1901, Mlch-
., ael Devlin, a native of Ireland, ; asred 1 70
years. . . \u25a0 .. . •;'" ' •• '' ''" "\u25a0•
DONOHUE— In this city, October 25, : 1901.
. • Annie, beloved daughter of Ellen and the
late Patrick \u25a0 Donohue, and . sister of Maggie,
". Katie. ; Clara and John. .Donohue and Mrs. -R.
•A. Barclay, a native of New York.,- - ;
- ', CnTriends , and" acquaintances, are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
- dence, \u25a0 60 S Haight \u25a0 street,*- thence to Sacred
Heart Church for services at 2 p.m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DUNLEVY— In this city, October 23, 1901, -Nel-
lie M., beloved • wife - of ' ..T.- Dunlevy, • and
\u25a0 niece of Michael. Edward" and Annie Supple,
.and cousin of Mrs. M. Moldrup, a native of
San Francisco. ' ' . .... .
lC7The funeral" will take place to-day
(Saturday), at, 9:15 o'clock, from ; her late
residence, 622% Ellis street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high'
\u25a0;, mass will be celebrated for the reposeof her
' soul commencing at 9 :30 \u25a0 o' clock. • Interment
• Holy Cross Cemetery. •*\u25a0 • , • . ,
GARDNER— In this city, October 25, 1901.
Marie Gardner, • relict- of "the late Eugene
, Gardner; a native ct t Mulhausen, Alsace,
aged 41. years. .. . '. . . •
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
\u25a0 fully, invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.', 946 Mission street. Interment
'. ; Laurel Hill Cemetery. • \u25a0•'\u25a0\u25a0»'
GRAVES— In this city, October 23, 1901, John
\u25a0 M. Graves, ' beloved husband ofAlletha Anna
: Graves, and father of George R.; and Dr. J. •
.- H. Graves, a native of Connecticut, t aged 7.0.
years 4 .months and 6 days. -...\u25a0\u25a0 '..;.;
. E5"FrIends-and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 "o'clock, .from Druids'
, Hall. 413 Sutter street, where services will
: be held, under auspices of the Grand Grove
of California, U. -A. O. D. , Remains atl0O3V4
Valencia •. street. ' Interment -Mount Olivet
• Cemetery. '_. '. •'•- - ' '. \u25a0
HAWLEY— In this city. October 25, 1901,. Sam-
\u25a0 uel. beloved husband of Hope Hawley, and
father of Samuel, Godfrey. Thomas. \u25a0 Joseph,'
William and Frank Hawley and. the'late
Mary and Charley Hawley, a native of Eng-
land, aged 69. years. -.%;. : ,
KEMP— In this city, October 24, 1901, John W.
Kemp, stepfather of John- Matheson, a na-
tive of , County Wexford, Ireland, "aged 68
years. - - ' * . : ' I" t \u25a0'\u25a0 " - -,
-. C7"-The funeral will- take place to-day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
.. of Carew & English, ',29 Van Ness avenue.
Members of the ' Exempt Fire Company, are
' respectfully- invited to attend. Interment
: Firemen's plat, Laurel.'Hill Cemetery. -\ " *>>
MARTF.L— In this city, James L. Martel, be-
loved husband of Jane Martel, and father of '
Alfred, Louis and Adele Martel, Mrs. J; M.
Masten.and Mrs." Charles J. Stovel, a native
.of New Orleans, aged 78 years. . \u25a0<•
MENDEL— In this city. October. 24, -1901,- Mau-
\u25a0 rice Mendel, beloved brother of • M. P.- • Men-
del, A. Harris Mendel, Dora \u25a0. Mendel, Mrs.
Flora : Newman and Mrs. F.- Rausch, a na-
• tive of Colmar, Posen, Germany, aged 65
years: 5 months and 24 days. • (Los ; Angeles
papers please copy.) . " "
ICJTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock,' from his late resi-'
dence, 402 Franklin street, near Grove, thence
to Third and Townsend streets. \u25a0 Interment
Salem Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MESA— In this city, October 24, 1901, Mrs.
\u25a0 Manuela M. de Mesa, wife of \u25a0 the late- Au-
gustine Mesa, and mother of Dimes T., Mary,
John. A.. Emma and Alvino Mesa, a native
of San Francisco, aged 63 years.
ICT The funeral will be held from her late
residence, Mayfleld, Santa • Clara r County,
Cal., to-morrow (Sunday), thence to St. Aloy-
sius Catholic Churoh. Mayfleld, Cal.; where'
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, Menlo Park, Cal. .. . .* .'
MORIART Y— In this city, October 25, 1901, Ella
Moriarty, dearly beloved daughter of Dan
and the late Mary J. -Moriarty, sister of
Mrs. A. Anderson, and niece of John J.
Tierney and Mrs. J. J. Barnett, a native of
| San Francisco, aged 22 years 5 months and
9 days. A member of. Young Ladies' Sodality
of St. Peter's Church. . ...
IC?" Friends and are respect -
.fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow-
(Sunday), at; I o'clock, from the residence
of her uncle, John J." Tierney, 1333 Utah
street, between Twenty-fourth and Twenty-
' fifth, thence to St. Peter's, Church. Alabama
street, between \u25a0 Twenty-fourth and Twenty-
fifth, for services. Requiem high mass will
be celebrated Monday morning, October 28,. at
\u25a0 9 o'clock, for the repose of her soul at above
church. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. \u25a0 .
OWENS— In . this city, October '24, 1901. Ellen
Rora- Owens, • dearly beloved -daughter of
John and Hannah Owens, a native of San
Francisco,; aged 9 • years 10 months and 3
days. •" "~-v \u25a0. • -' \ '
PUMPHREY— In this city, October 24, 1901.
Miltor. G., belovcl husband of Helen E.'
Pumphrey, a nativs of Ohio, aged 63 years
5 months and 4 days. A member of Lincoln
Post No.l.G. A. R.V and ElCapitan Divis-
j sion'No. 15, O. R. C. '
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral • to-morrow
' (Sunday), at '2 o'clock, from .the -funeral
parlors. of Porter & : White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment National Cemetery. ; . . - ' ;. '
SAMMMn ' this^ city, - October '23, 1901, August
C , beloved .son of Henry L. and Catharine
M Samml, \u25a0 and - brother of John H.- and
Henry C. Samml, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged "29 "years 3 months and 5 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-"
' fully invited to- attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at - 1 o'clock, from . the
residence of his parents, 2S4 Thirteenth street,
near Mission, thence by electric funeral car.
' from Fourteenth and Mission streets. ; Inter-
ment private. • « • • » " ." .
STACK— In- this city, October 24, 1901, John."
beloved husband of Susan Stack, and brother,
of Ned Stack/Mrs. Foley, Mrs. Burns, Mrs.'
Crosby and the late Mrs. Nelson, a native of .
. Ireland, aged 58 years. •
- i JC?"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully • invited to attend the funeral to-day
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
'\u25a0' (Successor to Flannacan & Gallagher.) '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mltr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. :
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
: • " \u25a0 Telephone South SO. '
Mt. .Olivet Cemetery,
. San Mateo County. .. ... -. '
OFFICE 816 MARKET STREET.
\u25a0 J. HENDERSON, Manager! 1
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
\u25a0 Samuel McFadden,' 18 years manager for
the United i Undertakers' Association; M. ' J.
McBrearty, with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have , opened ' new • Funeral Par- ".
lors at 1171 Mission street,- between. Seventh
and Eighth.- Telephone South 44: ;
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
r Point Lobos ave.. S. F., Cal. , /-.'. :
: The ordinance prohibiting 'burials in' Sari
Francisco after the first day of . August, \u25a0 1301,
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing less harmful 'to the living than the
ashes of ; their dead. . :- "": ,.- ; ',\u25a0• --: \u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0'>. ",
\u25a0 Permits " to . cremate . will :.be ; Issued by the
BoardOf Health the same as '\u25a0 heretofore. - as
' GEORGE ! R. FLETCHER," Manager. .CHILEAN STEAMSHIP LOA THAT IS LOADING RIFLES AND AMMUNITION AT. THE WATER FRONT, PRE
SUMABLY FOR THE GOVERNMENT OF SALVADOR, BUT WHICH ARE THOUGHT, FROM CONFLICT
ING STATEMENTS AS TO SHIPMENT, TO BE DESTINED FOR 'CENTRAL AMERICAN INSURGENTS.
Dr. C. C. O'Donneir Is still in" the fight
for Mayor and . will certainly win. '-\u25a0 Be
sure to vote for him for Mayor by writing
his name at the head of the blank col
umn. . . • . •
an Affection of the
Heart. . \u25a0 .
Well-Known Pioneer Is Dying From
JamesiStanton, one of the pioneers of
this city, is lying at death's door at his
home, 1S38 Mission street. Stomach trou
bles of twelve years f standing have af
fected his heart, and Mr. Stan ton's physi
cians entertain little hope of his recovery.
The dying capitalist is the father of ex-
Coroner James . Stanton, who died some
years ago. John Stanton. present Park
Commissioner, and William Stanton, the
well known chemist, are sons of the pio
neer. He is also the uncle of Dr. Joan
Gallwey and Dr. James Murphy, two of
the best known physicians in the city. • \u25a0
Mr. Stanton -was foremost In the early
development of the city, being one of the
projectors of the plan to extend the Mis
sion beyond the sandhills, when the warm
belt was a suburban valley of the city
proper. .
The girl with the biggest patrimony has
the best chance for matrimony.
SUSPICIOUS circumstances sur
rounding a big shipment of arms
and ammunition on the Chilean
steamer Loa, now lying in this
pert, led to prompt action, late
yesterday afternoon, by the United States
officials to prevent any possibility of the
warlike goods reaching the hands of Cen
tral •American insurgents. The cases con
tain 4000 Remington rifles and bayonets
and 2,500,000 ball cartridges.
The steamship Loa, of 3200 registered
tonnage, arrived in the harbor last Tues
day from Valparaiso and Central Ameri
can ports. The ship was docked at How
ard-street wharf. No. 3, and was sched-,
uled to sail this morning on her return
voyage to the south.
Yesterday afternoon, shortly before tha
close <5f official hours at the Custom
house, a manifest was presented to Sur
veyor of the Port Spear and his chief
deputy, Chauncey St. John, calling for the
shipment of : 450 cases of : rifles and 420
cases of cartridges on the steamship Loa.:
The manifest stated that Schwartz
Brothers, 421 Market street, were the
shippers of the goods, and that C. D.
Bunker & Co., 435 Battery street, were the
brokers for the shipment. .
The manifest also announced that the
munitions of war were • to- be landed . at
Acajutia, Salvador, • and that they were
for the "Gobiernio del Salvador." In
vestigations were at once instituted by
the surveyor and his " deputy,' and it was
learned that the big steamship was to sail
this morning, and that she was not to
carry a single passenger.
The possibility that the vessel might be
used later for filibustering was suggested
by the fact of the large. shipment of arms
and the announcement that no passengers
would be carried on the steamship.
Surveyor of the Port Spear, after con
sulting with his chief deputy, St. John,
sent a letter to Collector of the Port
Stratton, Viotlfying him of the facts In the
case... •• ' -
Collector Stratton at once placed him-
JAMES STANTON ITEABS
THE END OF HIS LIFE
A thorough investigation of the whole
affair will be made to-day by United
States officials. - -
A dispatch received from New York last
night stated that Bloom Bros, were the
agents of - the Salvadorean Government
and had made a number of - shipments
of arms and ammunition to the republic.
A representative "of 'the firm stated that
he - could not identify the goods to be
shipped on the Loa from San Francisco
until he had an opportunity of consulting
the -books of the. firm.
The bills of lading filed at the Custom
house yesterday *by the brokers show that
the cases of rifles ' and cartridges came
ficm El Paso to this city, and were sup
posed to have been reshipped at El Paso
frcm some point in' Mexico.
The value of the arms and ammunition
loaded on the Loa yesterday is given at
$^5,000 in the manifest. One of the boxes
of rifles was partly opened yesterday and
revealed the contents to be Remington re
peating rifles of the latest pattern. J All
the cases are marked 'with the name of
tl-o Remington Arms Company of New
York. . •
Repeating Rifles in Cases.
Statements were made yesterday to Sur
veyor of the Port Spear that the reason
why the Loa would not carry passengers
was because the Inspectors. of Hulls and
Boilers required * some alterations to be
made at a cost of $1500 and the company
did not want to spend that amount.
To the Consul General j of Salvador the
same parties said that it would take
two weeks for thei ship to secure an Amer
ican register in order to carry passengers.
- "We only have some flour for Acajutla,"
said Peck, "and If there are any arms for
that place I know nothing, about It."
when told that the cases of rifles and
cartridges were even then being loaded on
the steamer Peck replied, "Where are
'they?" but declined to go forward and
make an inspection. "'
First Officer Daniel Peck and Second
Officer Thomas \u25a0\u25a0 Steer denied that any
arms were being taken on board the Loa
and said, that the list of the cargo had
been examined by them yesterday morn
ing. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0• ..-\u25a0-. . '\u25a0 " .
• Captain D. Davies of the Loa and his
officers were very uncommunicative when
asked yesterday what they knew about
any arms or ammunition being shipped
to Acajutla, Salvador.
Captain Davies is a Welshman and his
officers are Englishmen and all professed
Ignorance of the shipment. The captain
was in a jovial mood, but when asked why
his fine ship would not carry passengers
he became angry and said: ; .v
"Because we don't want them on this
trip; that's why." .
When told that 1 his vessel might be de
tained by the United States officials Da
vies. replied: -. '-..,'
"What! Stop, my ship! Well, I would
like to see any one do it, that's all. I'll
chuck them all overboard if they try. You
want 'to know about arms. Well, I have
some seven-inch guns down in the hold.
You can go and tell them that, too."
years ago and has been engaged in the
South and Central American trade. She
belongs to the "Compania Sud Americana
de Var>ores" and made her tirst appear
ance in this bay last Tuesday. She car
ried a general cargo from the various
ports she had called at on her trip.
Balfour, Guthrie & Co. act as agents for
the line and it was stated at their office
yesterday, that the steamship Loa would
not carry passengers from San Francisco,
as the vessel did not have time to secure
an American register, she being scheduled
to sail this morning.
Stohl informed the Consul General that
the shipment of arms was all legitimate,
A few minutes later, however, Bunker
accompanied Stohl, 'of-. the the firm of
Schwartz Brothers, to . the office of the
Consul General of Salvador.
A request for the name of- the agent or
a view of the alleged letter met with a
flat refusal from -Bunker. , * .
When the broker was informed that his
version of the shipment entirely dif
ferent to • that made ! by a member of the
firm' of Schwartz Brothers, he excused
himself on the ground that he had* to
catch a ferry boat for Oakland.
C. D. Bunker, the Custom-house broker,
who figured In the shipment, was asked
what he knew about' the affair, and he
said:
- "About thirty days ago an agent of the
Salvadorean Government called on us
and said he was on his way to. Mexico to
purchase rifles and cartridges from the
Mexican Government. He informed us
that the Mexican Government had"adver
tised for some months in the New ;York
papers for a purchaser for a lot of old
Kemington rifles and cartridges."
"Did you see this agent again?" was
asked of Bunker.
"No, but we heard from him," replied
the broker; "he wrote to us from the City
of Mexico, saying that he had shipped the
goods and that we were to see that they
were placed on a steamship for Salvador."
"Have you that letter in your, posses
sion?" Bunker was asked. \
"Yes," he replied.
Broker Contradicts Shippers.
: "We are only acting for Bloom Broth
ers of New York, who are the agents in
New York for the Salvadorean Govern
ment," said Stohl. "We heard from Bloom
Brothers that they had purchased these
goods, and they asked us. to see that they
were shipped to Salvador. We really have
nothing to do with the matter. We asked
Bunker & Co., the brokers, •\u25a0 to act in the
affair for us. They will tell you all about
When asked if he hVd any objection to
showing the letter from Bloom Brothers
regarding the shipment of arms; Stohl re
plied that he would not show any letters,
and that the matter was "perfectly
right."
A member, of the firm of Schwartz
Brothers, who gave his, name. as. Stohl/
was asked yesterday afternoon what con
nection his firm had with: the shipment of
the arms and ammunition on the steam
ship Loa.
A significant feature of the case is that
statements made by a representative of
Schwartz Brothers and by Bunker, the
Custom-house' broker," are entirely differ
ent as to the party who purchased the
rifles and 'cartridges. .. i . ,
Consul General Mejia was surprised . to
hear that a shipment- of arms was to be
made from this port, presumably for his
government, s
"I know nothing about the matter what-;
ever,'" said the Consul General, "and 1
can throw no light on the affair. Since I
have been stationed here my. government
has always informed me of any such
transaction. Some weeks ag'o the largo'
arsenal in my countrj* was destroyed by,
nre, and I know that the rifles and car
tridges were to be replaced. Our Minister
at Washington would surely know of any
shipment through this port of munitions
of war to ; Salvador, and , would keep me
posted. . I shall telegraph at once to him,
and will also cable to my President in
Salvador."
Salvadorean Consul Surprissd.
self In communication with Encarnacion
Mejia, the Consul General of the Republic
of Salvador, who is stationed in this
city, and pending a satisfactory explana
tion as to whom the arms and cartridges
are destined for, the , steamship Loa will
not be allowed to leave port this morning.'
Spelman lives at 18 Geneva street, but he
\u25a0was afraid to go home alone. He went to
the Southern Police Station and reported
the case, and Policeman Koegel escorted
him to his home. He was able to give a
g-ood description of his assailant, and yes
terday Captain Seymour detailed Detec
tives Ryan and O'Dea on the cs»se.
"William T. Spelman, an apprentice in
Murray Brothers' machine shop, 231 Fol-
Eom street, \u25a0while -walking down Board
man place to Brannan street on his way
home Thursday evening, was approached
by a young man who asked him where he
worked. Before Spelman could reply the
young man struck him, stunning him for
a moment. Before he could repeat the at
tack Spelman drew his revolver and fired
a shot at his assailant. The bullet missed
its mark, but had the effect of frightening
the assailant Into a run.
Hachinists' Apprentice Attacked by
a Young Man While Going
Home From Work. •
FPTT.TVTA-M- FIBES SHOT
TO DEFEND HIMSELF
Storekeepers' Cash Registers Are Be
ing Robbed in a Systematic
Way.
Thomas J. Corey, bartender for J. P.
Dwyer, Seventh and Harrison streets, re
ported to the police yesterday that on
Thursday morning a man called at the
saloon and asked for the key of a vacant
house next door that he might inspect thi
premises. He got the key, but returned
in a few minutes, explaining that he
could not open the front door. Corey
went with him and easily succeeded in
opening the door. Corey chatted with th2
man for a minute or two and returned
to the saloon. He found the cash register
open and $2S 70 gone. He ran to the
vacant house, but the man had disap
peared.
The police are satisfied that two crooks
are in the city working the same trick
that has been successfully played before.
They believe the same man. with a con
federate, robbed the cash register in the
branch store of the American Tea Com
panv oti Hayes street about ten days ago.
The" man entered the store and asked thi
clerk in charge to direct him to Laurel
Hill Cemetery. The clerk stepped outsido
with him to show him the direction to
take and when he returned the cash
register was empty. Corey describes th<.»
man who asked for the key as about 30
years of age; 5 feet 9 inches tall; dark
mustache and s!im build, and spoke like
an Englishman.
TWO CROOKS PLAYING
A STJCCESSTUIi THICK
Martel came to the Pacific Coast from
Louisiana in 1S4C. Shortly after his ar
rival here he engaged in the real estate
business and gradually accumulated
wealth. At the time of his death he was
the owner of -much property, some of
which is on lower Market street. He
leaves two sons and three daughters.
Louis Martel and Alfred C. Martel arc
engaged in the fruit business af Mountain
View. One of his daughters. Miss Alice,
is unmarried; another is the wife of J.
W. Marsten. of the Crocker- Woolworth
Bank, and the third is the wife of C. J.
Stovel.
James L. Martel, a well known capital
ist and pioneer residing at 2613 Buchanan
street, was found dead In a. bath tub at
the Crystal Salt Water Baths, 317 Bay
street, early last evening. Whether he
•was overcome by some bodily weakness
and drowned accidentally or whether he
committed suicide is yet a matter ot con
jecture.
Martel has been in the habit of visiting
the baths every evening. He went there
at his accustomed time yesterday and
was assigned to a room. After an hour
had passed an attendant started on his
rounds to light up the premises. Coming
to the room occupied by Martel he
knocked on the door and reauested who
ever was inside to light the gas.
Receiving no response the attendant
tossed some matches over the top of the
door and repeated his request. Still no
answer came and an investigation was
started. A stepladder was secured and
the attendant looked over the top of a
partition which separates the small apart
ment from the main bathing room.
The body of Martel was found complete
ly submerged. Coroner Leland was then
notified and Deputies McCormack and
Brown commenced an Investigation. The
body was removed to the Morgue and the
relatives communicated- with. •
Dr. Barbat, who attended the capitalist
during his lifetime, said that Martel was
aillicted with no organic trouble which
would cause him to be overcome while in
the water. He said, however, that Mar
tel was about to have a surgical operation
performed, but that his trouble should not
nave weakened him to helplessness or un
consciousness. The relatives of the dead
man discard the theory of suicide. An
autopsy which will be performed to-day
will reveal the true facts.
Coroner Leland Investigates
Death of a Wealthy
Pioneer.
Capitalist Martel Found
Submerged by an
Attendant.
DROWNED WHILE
IN A BATH TUB
and that his firm was acting for Bloom
Brothers of New York. Bunker listened
to the conversation, but said nothing to
the Consul General as to the alleged
agent and letters of advices he (Bunker)
had mentioned to a Call representative a
few minutes before.
Consul General Mejia of Salvador was
informed last evening of the statements
made by Broker Bunker.
"There is something very mysterious in
all this," said the Consul General: "If an
agent of my Government visited this city
en route to Mexico to buy arms and am
munition he certainly . would have called
upon me, even as a matter of official cour
tesy. Why should an agent go to a firm
of brokers and ask them to attend to a
shipment for my Government? That would
be my duty. I know nothing of any agent
being in the city or going to Mexico and
the conflicting statements cannot be rec
onciled." • ; .
Mystery Hangs Over the Loa.
An air of mystery lay over the steam
ship Loa yesterday. The vessel is one of
the finest that has ever vlsitecl this port.
She was built in Glasgow, Scotland, two
Chilean Boat Loa Being Scheduled to Sail ThisMorning Without Pas
sengers Causes the Government Officials to Suspect That
She, May Possibly Be Engaged in Filibustering Expedition
SUSPICIOUS CIRCUMSTANCES
SURROUND LARGE SHIPMENT OF
WAR MUNITIONS ON STEAMSHIP
MORGAN BUYS
JESUITS' LAND
Secures Five Hundred
Acres Above Point
Bichmond.
Tract .Will Be Used as Ter
minus for the Morgan-;
Hill Roads.
J. Pierpont Morgan . has purchased a
large : tract' of bay -shore land adjoining
the Standard Oil Company's property
above Point Richmond, to be used, so it
is said upon reliable authority, as a term
inus for • the Morgan-HiU syndicate of
railroads embracing the Great Northern
and Northern Pacific -roads. , .
The deal was put through a day or two
before the great financier, left for the
East, but the secret has been carefully
guarded by those interested in the matter.
The. purchase price is given out as some
thing over $100,000. The Jesuit Fathers
of this city owned the land, the deed be
ing held in the name of Father A. Mar
aschi.
The price paid by Morgan was a hand
some figure inasmuch as in 1895 the
Jesuits offered to sell the bay shore tract
for $25,000 and had it bonded until just a
few months ago to McEwen Bros.; the
local real estate agents, for $65,000.
Just what the plans of the Morgan-Hill
syndicate are in reference to extending
their lines through California to this city
is not known, but the project has been
under discussion for some time past. ' The
purchase included some 501 acres, extend
ing from thV northern bqundry of the
Standard Oil Company's tract above Point
Richmond, to Point San Pablo. Its bay
frontage runs from Point Mulatto, just
above Red Rock, to Point San Pablo.
The land purchased is only about a mile
and a half from the Santa Fe terminus
and along 1 its west shore 'there is plenty
of deep water. By building wharfs a
short distance into the bay vessels of the
deepest draught will be able to load and
unload with absolute safety.
Morgan's purchase was quite a pleasant
surprise to those interested in the general
development of that section of this vicin
ity. It Is understood that the work of
improving the property will be commenced
as soon as possible.
"We had the slice of land which Morgan
bought bonded for $85,000," said John J.
McEwen • of McEwen Bros., when seen
last night. "We held the option on the
property until about six months ago,
when we gave it up. Shortly before Mor
gan's arrival our firm offered to again
bond the tract for $90,000, but the Jesuits,
who were probably then negotiating with
Morgan, refused our offer. The northern
end of the tract is a most valuable piece
of bay shore property. There is quite .a
deep water channel between Point. San
Pablo and 'Point Mulatto, which makes
dredging unnecessary:
. "Next to the Santa Fe terminus J should
say • that the tract purchased by -Morgan
is one of the. best sites for railroad term
inal purposes on the bay shore." '
$2.00 EXCURSION
.To Monterey or Santa . Cruz.
The Southern- Pacific closes the season
by running first-class excursion trains to
both Monterey and Santa Cruz Sunday
next, the 27th inst. Judging from inquiries
being made for tickets, attendance will
be quite large, and the citizens of the re
sorts in question are anxious to learn
which will receive the larger patronage.
The Monterey excursion train will leave
Third and Townsend street depot at 7:30
a. m., returning will leave Pacific Grove
at 4:15 p. m., arriving at San Francisco at
8:30 p. m.
Those intending to, visit Santa Cruz will
take the 7:45 a. m. boat from Ferry .land
ing, Narrow Guage, foot of Market street.
Returning leave Santa Cruz at 4:12 p. m.,
arriving at San Francisco at 8:05 p. m.
Petitions in insolvency were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: Cornelius J. Culver, farmer,
Solano County, liabilities $923 12, no as
sets; H. B. Turman,* cattle dealer, Colusa
County, liabilities $34,916 20, assets $4600:
William Rivett. cabinet-maker. Fort
Brags. Mendocino County, liabilities
$2883 23. assets ?858. T •
Petitions in Insolvency.
SLAVE OWNERS
INCITE MURDER
Place a Price on Heads
of' Three Chinese
Informers.
Three lawablding Chinamen— Lew Kim,
Quan Hing and Lew Quong— have been
marked by the slave dealers of the Mon
golian quarter for betraying its members
to the Federal authorities. A price of
$500 has been set on each of their heads
and an additional sum is promised If they
are put outof the way within forty-eight
hours. The doomed Chinese yesterday
learned of the plot and they at once con
sulted Acting Chief of Police Wittman.
They claimed that five keepers of brothels
had formed the conspiracy to murder
them on account of their action in inform
ine the Federal officers of the existence
of g slavery in Chinatown. Wittman on
hearing their story at once sent for Ser
geant Conboy and ordered him to bring
the brothel-keepers to him. Conboy had
no trouble in finding the men and he
marched, them to police headquarters i On
being questioned by Captain Wittman
they nervously denied knowing anything
about the conspiracy. After satisfying
himself that they were responsible for a
price being placed on the men s heads
Wittman emphatically told them that if
anything happened to the marked Chi
nese he would hold them personally re-
SP The brothel-keepers left after promising,
not to molest the alleged informers.
A short time ago the Federal authorities
were informed that a- number of Chinese
girls had been smuggled into this country
by the local slave ring and held in bond
age in Chinatown. Accompanied by sev
eral' interpreters the officers Invaded the
Chinese quarter and raided a_ number of
brothels. Over fifteen girls, who had been
Illegally landed, were found in the dens
and placed under arrest. Lew Kim, Quan
Hing and Lew Quong were accused of
having informed the authorities and the
slave dealers swore vengeance against
them. Falling to get them in the several
traps which they had set for them the
slave owners set a price on their heads,
knowing that .a number of highbinders
would eagerly seize the chance of earning
the bloodmoney.
LAKGE CROWDS ATTEND
THE CATHEDRA! BAZAAR
at Home.
Iradies of the Sacred Heart Booth En
tertain With an Evening .'\u25a0;/.
The large attendance which marked the
opening of the St. Mary's Cathedral ba
zaar at Mechanics' Pavilion still continues
undimlnished. If anything, the popularity
of the festival is on the Increase. Each
night a vast throng of people visits the
pciviliQft.to view the attractively arranged
booths, draped in their multi-colors and
rich with enticing loads of fancy poods.
Last night, the special feature was the
"night at home," given by the ladies of
the Sacred Heart booth. These ladies
have been working most zealously for the
success of the bazaar and the entertain
ment given by them was greatly enjoyed.
Sacred Heart Booth has red for Its dis
tinguishing color • and the ladies have
charmingly adorned the booth with Amer
ican beauty roses, carnations and chrys
anthemums.
At the "night at home" the following
programme was rendered: Miss M. Shan
non, song. "Calm ' as the Night"; Violet
Johnson, violin solo; R. J. Harrison, piano
solo; Miss Winnie Johnson, cornet solo,
and Miss Laura "White, . recitation.
Special Rates
For. side rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open. to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
and holders- of nine months' excursion
tickets. -Dates of sale,- September 23 to
November 10.. inclusive. Limit 30 days.
For timetables, descriptive literature and
full information call at Santa Fe offices,
641 Market st.; and ferry depot.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1901.
16
\u25a0*J£ *
<g 4^ t * - Vr* In every re-
ceipt that calls for bak-
ing powder use "Royal."
It will make the food
of finer flavor, more di-
gestible and wholesome.
SALE OF
WOMEN'S
EIDERDOWN
Dressing oiicps.
BY BUYING THESE COMFORTABLE
' HOUSE GARMENTS THAT ARE
PLACED ON SALE TO-DAY, WE PROM-
ISE YOU A SAVING OF FROM ONE-
QUARTER TO ONE-THIRD LESS THAN,
REGULAR PRICE.
A Of, For' DRESSING SACQUES of
"tOv good Eiderdown, fitted back.
hand crocheted edge c.f worsted, silk
• ribbon 'bows, nicely finished,' come in
•solid colors of red, gray, pink and blue;
regular 75c value. ;
£*PZ n For DRESSING SACQUES, made
OOV/ of fine quality I Eiderdown ( mili-
• . tary front, trimmed with silk ribbon and
ellk cords; other houses sell ' similar
| sacques for $1.
CfcHTr* For DRESSING SACQUES of
UUv ; : all-wool Eiderdown, fitted back,
with large roll collar on band, trimmed
• with silk cords and buttons, silk ribbon
bows, sacque crocheted In ', worsted; good
$1 £0 value. ..... :
C1 'Oin .For. DRESSING* SACQUES of-
€J> I • X \J all-wool ripple Eiderdown,
tight fitting back, sailor collar/bound in
black satin, trimmed with silk cords and
. buttons, silk ribbon bows, sacque cro-
cheted in worsted, a very attractive gar-
ment; sold elsewhere $2..
<jr | Af\ For ' regular $2 25 RIPPLE
«pI»^tU EIDERDOWN DRESSING
SACQUES, round rolling collar, edged
in black satin ribbon, full double breast-
'.ed front, effectively trimmed- with silk
1 cords and buttons.
Sizes of Dressing Sacques, 32 to 46.
. Better quality in proportion. All made of
best quality Eiderdown,- neatly trimmed
and \u25a0 finished. -
BIG. HOSIERY SPECIAL.
1Q/-» Pair, to-day only, for WOMEN'S
lOC BLACK HOSE, extra fine gauge,
silk finished ; regular 35c value. Only 4
pairs sold to each customer.
CORSET DAY.'
' Remember, if after wearing our corsets
thirty days they prove unsatisfactory in
any way, your money will be refunded.
This guarantee goes with every corset. '
THOMPSON'S STRAIGHT FRONT MILI-
TARY CORSET, made of best quality
\u25a0 Italian cloth, gives that straight front ef-
, feet;- regular ; $1 50 value, -fir » OO
KNITUNbERWEAR SPECIALS.
nC For ' WOMEN'S IMPORTED
9OC SELF-FITTING LONG SLEEVE
ALL-WOOL -VESTS, in - pink, 1 , blue j or
white; regular Jl 50 quality. "
ne^ CHILDREN'S SELF-FITTING
ZUt VESTS. PANTS OR DRAWERS.
--\u25a0in gray or ecru, sizes IS to 34; - regular
40c value.
WE ARE ' OPEN TO-NIGHT . TILL 11
O'CLOCK.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
. Eetween Taylor and Jones.
Hale's. .| Sale'*. j
*£ •flB Women's
: -'f '\ V^»f These popular neck pieces are here in great variety.
w— "\u25a0\u25a0^\u25a0\u25a0^ Even at 75c or $1.25 or $1.50 we could give you splen-
did choosing in black liberty silk . ones with pleated
ends;- still others are trimmed with chenille cord or chenille ends.
$2.00, $2.50, $3.00, $3.25, $3.30— Is a splendid choosing, extra qua!- *
ity liberty silk ruches, full and fluffy, with long flowing ends of pleated •
liberty silk.
Another Splendid Choosing at $4.OO, $4.5O, ?5.OO, $5.50 and $6.OO j
—with new hemstitched ends, trimmed with silk juby trimming. '
Also in magpie and jackdaw ruches, made with liberty silk, with ribbons <<
and juby trimming, with long pleated and bell ends.
At $2.00, $2.25, $3.00, $3.50, $4.00, $4.50, $5.OO and $7.50— A
very select choosing. .
New Veiling Styles.
Chiffon style leads. They are more dainty, more effective. Take those
in black, navy or blue dots, and what can be more striking? 25c a yard.'
Then come plain and fancy meshes. Some have chenille, others velvet,
others self-dots, some plain. Next are the fancy gray mixed, black meshes
with Persian dots. Others with- gold dots and fancy gold braid borders. Then
come fancy London meshes, and then Brussels net. i-oc a yard.
Then a splendid choosing, embracing fancy meshes with silk chenille and
velvet dots, black and white meshes, and clusters of black chenille dots;
white nets with fancy borders and embroidered in conventional designs; then
come fancy gray, blue, brown mixed complexion veiling, plain and dotted
Brussels nets; last, but of the highest importance, plain and dotted chiffon,
all 50c a yard. . ' - _*_ - I
Fou r New Styles in
Flannelette Wrappers.
Flannelette Wrapper — In red. blue or black. It's with pleated back; the
yoke is trimmed with braid, and yes! there is a flounce on the bottom — a
full range of sizes, each 70c
Flannelette "Wrapper — It. has the full back and loose front, and there's a
ruffle over the shoulders — the Bishop sleeves are nicely finished with
braid — flounce on bottom — a full range of sizes, each .05c
Flannelette Wrapper — made with pleated back — a ruffle over the shoulders —
Bishop sleeves and a flounce on bottom — it's finished with braid. We
have your size in red. blue, or black — each '. $1.25
Flannelette Wrapper — A pleated back 'and gathered front, with ruffle over
shoulders and around yoke — the ruffle is edged with embroidery and braid
Bishop sleeves — blue, lavender, red or black $l.O5
Millinery for Children.
To-day is to be children's day in the millin- -f^^- '\u25a0 .
ery section — and you know what that means — I/** \\* *• • J)s~*~
that those new and clever styles are to be under- nI v^^?^T|0'^V^ >
Velvet Poke Bonnets-They are very prettily \u25a0 "^SSlKm^r^^ .
trimmed with fancy silk and satin ribbon and '^UrVftilufl^i^^--*
buckles— their greatest charm being their artis- M^AS^^'tTfcJV 1 -^
tic simplicity. Price 83.75 >l
Velvet Poke Bonnets— They are carefully made V^j§||pS£*^?a-4£ftv v
by hand from a good quality of velveteen and '\u25a0^^SPT^i^XSESL
are nicely trimmed with larpe bow of silk rib- **ag*/£ j Mlf W9BES»-
bon and quills. Dainty and pretty as can SSS ()•"&-- •'^NfciMHfiri
be -wished for a little sirl. Price $2.4,> vS% jtsfr, «•> ~> &u5&3?
Felt Hat— This child's hat is prettily trimmed 'JJ^ vr U [* \sP^
with large bow of ribbon and quills. A new *i-M **. ' «fc (tf^
and pleasing style. Price $1.45 f^vf.j
These goods will to-day be on sale at center- bargain table— first floor. .
Child's Felt Hats— For girls 6 to 12 years. The hats are prettily trimmed with
rosettes and quill fastened with buckle. - They are in castor, gray, red and
blue. Each \u25a0 • -• ••• 69c
Fancv Feather Breasts— Black, white, white with black polka dots, brown with
castor. "Worth 35c. On sale at ; lOc
<NCOftPO*ATED ' ES2£7 ff9w W BHr
SPECIAL BAROAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
Tomatoes, Columbus Extra Brand, 4 cans.25c
New pack. Reg. 10c. Limit 4 cant.
Best Eastern L. Bros.' Brand Hams, lb(4o
Every ham guaranteed. Regr. 15%c.
CHOICE POINT REYES BUTTER, square. 40c
Good value for 50c.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square- .50c
Good butter is a delicacy and can only be
obtained at big prices. We give the best
and ask the least. Reg. 60c.
PETALUMA RANCH E66S, dozen 25c
Res. 30c.
BEST MISSION EGGS, dozen:.. 40c
Mission eggs are scarce. Reg. 47Hc.
EXTRA PORT AND SHERRY, quart bot - 25c
Old stock wine. Reg. 40c and 50c.
Potatoes, Extra Choice Burbanks, box. $1.25
Reg. $1.80. Limit 1 box.
JAPAN HEAD RICE, 4 lbs 25c
Reg 3 lba. 23c.
ANTISEPTIC RED M SOAP, 10 cakes.. 25c
Extra special. Cleanses, scours and pol-
ishes everything. Reg. 6 for 33c.
M0N06RAM 0. P. S. WHISKEY, gal- $2.50
Rye or Bourbon. Reg. $4.00. Limit 1 gal. .
Baltimore Extra Cove Oysters, 3 cans .25c
Extra special. Reg. 12%c can. .. \u25a0
KEROSENE, White Star Oil, 5-gal. can. .$!•
Market has advanced. Reg. $1.15. Will
allow 10c for empty can
IMPORTED CASTILE SOAP, Mb bar.. 25c
• Virgin brand. Reg. 30c.
FRESH SHRIMPS, EXTRA QUALITY, can . 10c
Reg. 20c can.*
BEST SUGAR CORN, 3 cans 25c
Reg. 12Vic can.
NEW SMALL WHITE BEANS, 6 lfis...25c
Reg. 4 lbs. 23c.
60LDEN PHEASANT WHISKEY, qt. bot. 85c
Rich and mellow. Reg. $1.15.
OLIO, PURE D'OLIYA. — SI.I5
Finest Imp. from Toscana, Italy. Reg.
$1.50. Limit 1 can.
TOILET PAPER, 4 LARGE ROLLS 25c
1000 sheets per roll. Reg. 2 for 23c
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of thesa "special"
sales. "We ship free of . charge within 100
miles on all orders exceeding (5. Aalc for
monthly price lists— free. \u25a0 /
1348-1334 -Market Street. , I
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 293L No Branch Stores/
Positively Last Sale
AUCTION
—OF—
ORIENTAL
RUGS!
TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.
SPECIAL EVENING SALE AT 8 O'CLOCK.
t Positively last sales, and your last op-
] KIRMAXS. SINES. TA-
BRIZES will be offered at these sal««. ... f ,
M. B. MIHRA*.*! i
332 Post St.
j NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
*' KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
3 ** modeled and renovated. KING. WARD *,»
• CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 W darf
1 $3 to $s week; $8 to $20 month. Free batlu;
, hot and cold water every room; fire grates la
.. avery room; elevator runs all night.