'"THE commercial bodies adopting the scathing resolutions in condemnation of the Examiner represent l the entire vast 'commercial/ industrial and city and port,, together with the allied lumber industry of the for-
JL est counties. In the Merchants' Association are nearly all the business houses of this city, wholesale and retail. The • Chamber of Commerce represents, together zuith the Shipowners' ' Association^ the banks, the insurance companies and
tht foreign and coastwise commerce of the port. The Manufacturers' and Producers' Association includes the re presentatives of.the factories and also the larger -capital invested } in .California agricultural and horticultural enterprises.
The MercJiants J Exchange is the newly organised body, which is on the lines of the great exchanges of the commercial cities of the East; having for its purpose the unification of the interests of all the other exchanges in the city and represent
ing them all. The Produce Exchange trades in agricultural products of California. In the Board of Trade are all the wholesale houses of the city and also many of -flic larger retail houses. .Collectively they represent about all the active invested
capital in San Francisco. , . .'¦'-. ¦ ,\/ , . - r . V ..
WHAT THE OPPONENTS OF YELLOW JOURNALISM REPRESENT.
SAN FRANCISCO'S COMMERCIAL BODIES UNITE CONDEMN THE EXAMINER
AND TAKE DECIDED STEPS TO DESTROY ITS OPPORTUNITIES FOR EVIL WORKS
PRESIDENTS-. ,OP : ORGANIZA
. 'TIONS THAT-WILL' DISPENSE
WITH THE , EXAMINER." j ¦ ,
Vote to .Exclude . Paper : From Files and
/•: i -Also to -Deny lit; Information.
Then, also, the conference
found that "the fomenting of
such 'disorders and strikes en
courages . the depraved and law
less, causing anarchists to stop
short of no crime, eyen to ther as
sassination . of the President of
eventually to create discontent,
disorders, riots and- filially lead
ing to anarchism, all of which is
inimical -to the best interests of
the State and nation." j
tries, the ramifications of : which
extend into many counties of
California and are identified with
the prosperity of the entire State,
all sent delegates who acted for
the public good!
"The Examiner," so the as
sembled , gentlemen set forth in
writing, for a long time past
been inciting class'' against - class,
'thus.,!: sowing; seeds of discord
among, our people, tending
'Continued on Page Tlixea.
WHEREAS, The daily Examiner of San Francisco has, through ;\is columns, for a long time past been incite
class against class,: thus sowing seeds of discord among our people, tending eventually tol create discontent,.dis
orders, riots and finally leading to anarchism,i all of ! which' areanimical to the best interests of the State and
WHEREAS, The fomenting of such disorders an^ strikes encourages the depraved and lawless* causing anarchists
to stop short of no crime, even to the assassination of the; President of the^ United States; the^
RESOLVED, By the - representatives of the commercial^ ; bodies here present that they strongly condemn the attitude
of the said Examiner, and that they recommend that [the said newspaper be henceforth excluded ; from the files of the
said bodies, and of all other organizations in!; this" Stated^jand that the members of all such organizations and alLlaw
abiding citizens : be requested to at once withdraw and withhold ] 'all? patronage from said paper, and that they "refuse to
give any information to the representatives thereof . :r * f f ;
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED BY SAN FRANCISCO'S BUSINESS
MEN CONDEMNING THE TEACHER OF ANARCHISM
P m \ HE most impressive con-
I demnation that the city
1 of San Francisco is capa
*• ble of bestowing upon
the Examiner for its teachings,
that have led to riots,, anarchy
and the culminating crime of the
assassination of the President ot
the United States, was bespoken
yesterday. Representatives of
every commercial body in the
city, grave, conservative and pa»
triotic men, met and adopted res
olutions in joint session, recom
mending that the Examiner
should be taken from the file 1 ' of
all the great organizations for
whom they acted, calling also
upon all members of the various
associations and all other law
abiding citizens to withhold all
patronage and news from the
censured paper. . Realizing that
the evils of the yellow journal are
not confined to any one locality,
but that all suffer alike from its
influence, delegates 1 to the con
ference also asked all other or
ganizations in the State to take
action similar to theirs. Men of
affairs forsook their business at
the busiest part of the day to
meet and formulate a striking
memorial of their disapprobation
of the course of the Examiner.!
VITAL INTERESTS
ARE REPRESENTED
The Chamber of Commerce,
which a few days ago formulated
expressions of censure and de
creed that no more should the
Examiner be found on its files
and that hereafter the Examiner
the United States."
-.'. These scathing words were
embodied after calm deliberation
and much discussion in a pream
ble to the resolution declaring
that the Examiner should be ex
pelled from their files. The
words of the preamble and what
follows are given in full in an
other place. Their terms of con
demnation will be read by every
citizen of California an'd will be
long remembered. Having per
formed what they found to be
their duty, the presidents and di
rectors of the several " organiza
tions quietly adjourned, directing
that, their resolutions should be
given to the press as a matter ol
information concerning the en
tire public.
ACTION IS TAKEN
AFTER DISCUSSION
The session at Ayhich the reso
lutions, were adopted was execu
tive strictly. . The ; speeches , and
deliberations were closed
doors. In givingiout the results
of the meeting.no discrimination
was shown. The Examiner was
supplied with exactly the same
account of the happenings that
was furnished to all the other
daily papers. None of the speak
ers or other participants in the'
meeting would be interviewed.
They did not care to win as in
dividuals the applause that^ they
knew would come to them as a
whole from the commercial com
munity. They took plenty .'of
time— nearly two hours— to de-
Condemnation Made
in Dignified
/Manner."
should be denied all information
that the chamber can give, was
represented at the conference
yesterday. The Merchants' Ex
change, the San Francisco Pro
duce Exchange, the San Francis
co Board of Trade, the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Associa
tion of California, the Shipown
ers' Association and the Mer
chants' Association, representing
thousands of members and many
Greatest Protest Ever Made in the State- Is-
Approved by Merchants. V /;' ;
millions of invested capital that
is used in making San Francisco^
the metropolis of the Pacific
Coast and including practically
all the wholesale and retail com
mercial houses of San Francisco,
all the banks and insurance com
panies, all the shipping' interests,
nearly all the great manufactur
ing establishments; . the ship
building industry, the great him-'
|ber companies and allied indus-
Determined Action Is
Unanimously
Taken.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY,^ SEPTEMBER 27, 1901;
VOLUME XC— NO. 119.
The San Francisco Call.SAN RAFAEL., Sept. 26.-^-Manuel Brazil,
the Olema rancher.who is accused of elop
ing with Jose Francisco's -wife last week,
was brought here by officers to-day from
Suisun, where he -had been arrested. The
woman and her child were;with him. She
was also arrested.
Brazil and Mrs. Francisco wiir have to
answer Several larceny charges preferred
by the husband. This afternoon; Francisco
swore- to another' complaint,.- charging
Brazil with grand I larceny, alleging that
he stole a cow; It is understood .that an
other charge of cattle stealing .will be
placed against him. ¦ ( -' : - - '
When arrested Brazil had over $10,000 on
his person.- He has retained. a : lawyer, to
defend him. Mrs. Francisco was released
on $50 cash bail and Brazil on $350.::
Manuel Brazil, Alleged to Have
Eloped With Another Man's
- Wife, Must Answer. .
MANY CHARGES MADE ;
AGAINST THE- BA1TCHER
Sylva and the anti-poolroom forces
claim that the ordinance passed and is
the law of the town. The poolroom men,
however, have not been idle, and Clerk
Frederick Linsley is said to have refused
to enter the* ordinance as passed. If this
is so, the "antis" will commence man
damus proceedings to compel him to make
his minutes show that the ordinance
passed. ' There is a prospect of a warm
legal battle.
SAUSALITO. , Sept. 26.— As a result of
last night's' stormy, meeting of the Town
Trustees,^ Sausalito spent yesterday trying
to figure out whether Adolph Sylva's antl
poolroom ordinance became' a law or not.
After finding it impossible to delay ac
tion on the ordinance last night, Trustees
Crumpton and Nunes left the hall.- Trus
tees Sylva and Harmes then voted for
the ordinance, while Trustee Thomas re
fused to vote. . ¦ .
Anti-Poolroom Ordinance
Was Passed. v.
I>oubt as to Whether Mayor Sylva/s
TRUSTEES OF SAXTSALTTO ,
SUPPLY QUEER TANGLE
Steamers to Resume Traffic.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 25.— The Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company ha»
issued a circular announcing the re-estab
lishment of its steamship service between
Portland and San Francisco, which has
been interrupted by the strike in the lat
ter city.
CLOVERDALE, Sept. 26.— Much to the
surprise of his' family and host of friends
General James F. Smith and wife arrived
in this, the home of his childhood,
yesterday from r the south. The ru
mor that he would -arrive- spread
through town a few minutes be
fore the coming of the train, and citi
zens gatfiered at the United States Hotel
to extend a hearty welcome. Many were
the exclamations of "Welcome home, old
boy,'' as his old-time friends grasped his
hand for a hearty shake. All were
pleased to see the general looking so well,
and he seemed to feel better than ever
before in his life, as he glanced about at
the scenes of his schoolboy days and saw
the smiling faces about him.
After a hearty handshake all around
the general was driven out to Smithton,
the elegant -home of his parents. He re
mained there all afternoon. The citizens
of Cloverdale will tender him a reception
before his departure. A committee now
has the plans well, under .way.
Scenes in the Pretty Sonoma
Town.
Philippine Jurist Visits Childhood
CLOVEHDALE WELCOMES
GENERAL "Jlk" SMITH
Fernandez last Saturday, acting for
Stillwell and- associates, concluded the
deal for the purchase of the Chihuahua
and Pacific Railroad concession by paying
the owners thereof $200,000 cash. This lat
ter concession carries with it a liberal
subsidy to be paid by the Mexican Gov
ernment for every -kilometer of road com
pleted. Fernandez says that the work of
constructing the Orient road in Mexico Is
progressing rapidly and that the required
seventy-five kilometers necessary to carry
out the terms of the concession will be
completed and in operation by October 1
next.
AUSTIN, Texas, Sept. 26. — Alonzo Fer
nandez of the City of Mexico, legal rep
resentative in Mexico of the Kansas City,
Mexico and Orient Railway Company, Is
on his way to Loudon, England,- to Join
A. Stillwell, who is in the European finan
cial center, for the purpose of realizing
funds with which to complete the con
struction of the road of which he Is the
principal promoter.
SEEKS EISTGLISH CO-IU"
FOR A MEXICAN ROAD
Murderous Anarchist Is
-Arrested by Van
couver Police.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 26.-During
a roundup by the police last night of sus
picious characters who might possibly
cause annoyance to the Duke of Cornwall
and York during his visit here a man was
arrested named Frank Petersen, who says
that he came seven years ago from Buda-
Pesth to: the United States. -
This morning in an examination by
Chief North of the Police Department the
prisoner was 'found to have a long dirk
concealed in his clothing, in addition to
the pistol which was taken off him last
night.
Petersen admitted at once to the Chief
that he belonged to an anarchist society,
and, when the name of President McKln
ley was mentioned he quickly declared
that he hoped all rulers would go the
same way. He would assist in sending
them, he said, and the sooner they were
out of the way the better.
A charge of vagrancy, as well' as of car
rying concealed weapons, was preferred
against him, and he will be held for a
month at least. -Half a dozen other ar
rests of Petersen's companions have been
made. '. ¦ .. .. . - ...-•_ ¦ ..
Huge Steel Tank Burst
Dealing Death in
Terrible Form.
NEW YORK, Sept.. 26.— Six men and
probably, seven were killed and seven
were injured by the explosion to-day of
an oil tank of the Essex and Hudson
Gas Company at Newark, N. J'. The
dead are: .
LAWRENCE KIRCH.
WILLIAM MEYER. -
OTTO NEWMAN, foreman, r =• - f
FRED SNYDERr Jersey City.
NICHOLAS MILLER. ' ' /
Unidentified man.
Another body is believed to be in the
river. . *
The tank which exploded was one .of
a number of immense steel reservoirs
which . was undergoing Its periodical
cleaning, it having been ' emptied of its
oil. The tank was twenty feet deep and
Kirch and Meyer entered through the
manhole first without taking the precau
tion of having ropes tied about them.
They were immediately overcome by the
fumes and Foreman Newman started
down after them, after ;-shouting a warn
ing to the other workmen in. the yard.
He, too, collapsed in. the tank.
Nicholas Miller, summoning other em
ployes, began with chisels to cut a large
ring in the tank. It :, is supposed one of
the chisels, in striking. the steel, caused
the emission of a 'spark, for instantly
there was an explosion like that , of a
cannon and then a sheet of flame. The
men were hurled high in the air and the
tank, was rent in twain. \ Every. bone in
the bodies of the victims was broken.
Chilean Training Ship in Port
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.-The Chilean
training ship General Baquedano arrived
here to-day frc-m Chile, the Azores und
Halifax. _ She has on board a large num
ber of. graduates from the Naval Acad
emy at Valparaiso. The vessel will re
main here, it is expected, •-¦ about fifteen
days. The cadets will visit Annapolis and
the--: League Island navy yard. They have
with them a granite tablet to be placed on
the Washington monument. The tablet is
the gift, of Chile to the United States. .
Fire, Destroys Eureka Mill.
¦ EUREKA, Sept. 26.-The shingle plant
of the Trinidad Manufacturing Company
was destroyed by fire last evening-. - TKe
value yof the mill and machinery was
about $10,000. The . insurance amounts to
$4000. A large stock > of shingles and
boards on hand was saved;
Bites a Pear! in the Shell.
• LOS ANGELES,.; Sept! 26^— Mrs. J. A.
Slater, • residing at 269 North Second
street, i while eating cockles, bit ' a : hard
substance contained in -the bivalve. :~It
proved to be. a black pearl estimated by
local jewelers , to be worth $150. -
Armour's Condition Is -Improved.
-KANSAS CITY, Mo.? Sept. 26.-The con
dition of J^irk ; B. 'Armour, ;. the packer,
who is seriously ill at his home here, was
somewhat 'improved: to-day. " ¦.--¦¦¦ \-
Roundhouse for Bail wa^ Company' s
SAN DIEGO ) TOV HAVE A
A SANTA -FE "• TEBMINAI.
Engines'. Will Be Bemoved; From
. National' Cityi: ; -^V;:-
SAN DIEGO, Sept.* 26.— That "the Santa
Fe Railroad is about to carry out its prop
osition of moving ; its 'terminal business
from National City to San Diego is made
evident by the action of Agfent Stuart to
day In appearing before the Board of Pub
lic Works and asking that the special rate
be made for the . water which would \ be
needed in and about the roundhouse and
for • the supply of ' engines going out on
the road. £ * : i « , ',
At. the company s'- present-., terminals in
National City .the once pretentious shops
have dwindled down to a small*blacksmith
and repair shop and a dilapidated engine
shed large enough"- to v accommodate two
or possibly three engines. "What, there is
there will be givemup and the 'main, ter
minal will be made o at Twenty-second
street in "this city,' where a five-stall brick
roundhouse will'- be > erected^vand' repair,
shops and tracks, -water i tanks ; and / ie'e
house for icing cars will be put • up. ; The
movement -is- to- be -completed r before • the.
beginning. of a new, year. -;;y .¦¦-, ; i ::, ;^
"Wasp,McKinley number. > Second edition now
on sale. New pictures added. ..;'. . ' -: ."•
The Windward brlng3 as passengers
Robert Stein of Washington and Samuel
Warmbath of Boston, who were taken
north by the Peary steamer Diana and
landed near Cape Sabino in August. ISO).
The Windward will rema.ln at Brigus dur
ing the winter and return in the summer
of 1902 with Mrs. Peary and MIs3 Peary
to Cape Sabine, whence uhe 13 expected to
bring home Mr. Peary, returning from th«
pole. : - .
BRIGUS, N. F., Sept. 26.— Tho Peary
Arctic Club steamer Windward arrived
here to-day after a stormy passage ' of
twenty-eight days from Cape Peary,
North Greenland, whero it parted com
pany with the chartered steamer Erik,
which arrived at Sydney, C. B.. on the
23d inst. The Windward left Sydney July
20, 1900. and wintered at Tayer Harbor,
Grinnelland., with Mrs. Peary and Miss
Peary on board.
"With. "Wife and I>aughter of
Explorer P«ary.
AB.BIVES SAFE ZM POBT
ATTEB A STOKBIY PASSAGE
Steamer Windward Returns to Brigna
Attorney Lacey for the defense did not
make an opening statement. His defense
is that of insanity.' -Oliver Howe, ; John
Lyman, Clarence Lynwrn, 1 -- Ji-W. - Church,
W. J. Nesbit, William Wallace, h J. J.
0!Connor and John Espinoza wereicalled
as witnesses. An endeavor' was made to
obtain an opinion froni them as '* to why
they regarded Suesser insane, but ihe
prosecution blocked the testimony-' with
objections." .' ¦ ' '• ..•¦".•¦. --'•¦"..
Mrs. Minnie Adams, a sister of the de
fendant, .testified that she saw her brother
before the shooting. He was acting very
wild, arid when he left the house with a
gun she tried"t*o~stop him. She broke
down and wept on the stand. Mrs. Sues
ser, mother of the prisoner, said there
was insanity in the family. Before her
husband died he told her one of his
brothers had gone insane, and her eldest
daughter acts queerly. This closed ' the
case, and argument will be taken up in
the morning.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 26.— Rapid progress Is
being made in the trial of George Suesser
for the murder of Sheriff Farley and the
case -may go to the jury to-morrow after
noon. Farley formerly lived iri San Jo3e,
and this has attracted more than usual
attention to^ the. case. Over eighty wit
rtsses were brought here from Salinas.
The prosecution closed its case at noon.
This afternoon the defense unsuccessfully
tried to introduce some testimony to show
that Sues&er was insane at the time of
the 'killing. . '
That Farley's Slayer Is
. -Insane. . '
Defense Makes an -Effort to Prove
TRIAIi OF STJESSEB
NEAHING ITS CLOSE
i .The -'work of development will be com
menced as soon as the machinery, which
was taken to Ensenada by the steamer
St. Denis last night, is delivered on the
ground. Colonel Robbins says that the
quality : of the ore is finer than anything
discovered since the Lake Superior fields
were opened, and simply the size of the
deposit fixes the value of the discovery.
The.assayer began an Investigation
which showed that the deeply oxidized
ore was almost pure copper, with silver
running through it. He immediately ad
vertised for the lad, and it was weeks be
fore, he found him. When the boy finally
turned up his father was discovered and
the place whence came the ore was lo
cated^ -"It is about twenty-five miles below
the Lower California line, and it has been
located « \by Antonio Fellz, his brother,
Colonel. Robbins and J. Wade ' McDonald.
The colonel has an exhibit. of minerals
in. his window, ¦ and one day a. boy came
in with two or three pieces of black rock
and asked if the, colonel did not want, to
buy them for his collection. It was evi
dent that r they ¦ were pieces of ore of
some. kind and the boy was given three or
four nickels for them. ' He • -went home
happy, after saying that ; his father had
brought the pieces of rock home • a long
time ago. - - .
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 26.— A pretty sequel
to a somewhat strange or at least an un
usual story is told by Colonel G. C. Rob
bins, the /veteran ;. assayer, who four or
five months ago -was; advertising In all of
the papers for information regarding a
boy who had brought some pieces of ore
to his place and sold them for a few
nickels.
Special Dispatch to The Call".
WOULD SLAY
EDWARD'S SON
"You - know whether you ought to send
a report in the presence of a senior offi
cer.''
i The story' of this dispatch Is- said to be
tha.t after the battle Rear Admiral Samp
son directed \ Lieutenant Commander
Staunton of his staff to obtain reports of
the casualties on the several ships and
send a report of, the battle to the Navy
Department. Lieutenant Commander
Staunton got these reports and wrote the
dispatch, which has been, so much criti
cized, beginning^ "The .fleet under my
command." He went ashore to file this
dispatch and found' Lieutenant Com
mander. Sears of Commodore Schley's
staff at the cable office with Commodore
Schley's dispatch. • Lieutenant Command
er Sears asked him abotit sending Com
modore Schley's dispatch and he is said
to have replied:
SANTIAGO, July 3, 1898.— To Secretary .of
Navy, Washington, .United States of America:
The Spanish Bciuadron came out of Santiago
harbor this morning', July 3, at 9:30, and were
all captured or destroyed in a running fight to
the westward, "lasting about three and one
half hours. There -are very few casualties in
our fleet. Ellis, chief of yeomen, was killed
and one man was wounded on the Brooklyn.
The retorts from the other ships are not in
yet. The commander in chief is now superin
tending the transfer of the prisoners from the
Cristobal Colon, which surrendered to ' the
Brooklyn and Oregon. At 1:15 p. m. .the vic
tory is complete; details later. Several water
tight compartments of the Brooklyn filled with
water, -beftig probably! piyced or straineyi." :
f T . SCHLEY.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.— When the
Colon had surrendered at the close of the
naval battle off Santiago Rear: Admiral
Schley sent his flag lieutenant, Mr. Sears,
ashore with a cable message announcing
the Spanish defeat. He was overtaken by
Lieutenant Commander Staunton of Bear
Admiral Sampson's staff, who stopped the
Schley announcement and substituted the
now famous one from his chief. In which
he announced that the squadron under his
command destroyed the Spanish fleet as
a Fourth of July gift to the American
people. The dispatch that Admiral Schley
tried to send has never been published,
and the reason it was not sent will be
brought out at the court of Inquiry. This
dispatch is as foMows: ; . .. .
Admiral Schley's Flag Lieutenant.
Commander Staunton Too Sharp for
STORY OF THE MESSAGE.
Sale of Ore by a Boy
--.; "Leads to a Mine
Discovery.
The State Department: has also taken 1
action. An Instruction has been sent by
acting Secretary Hill to Consul General
Dickinson, who Is stationed at Constanti
nople, but who is also ths American agent
at Sofia, Bulgaria, directing him to make
a thorough investigation Into Miss Stone's
abduction. When his report is received
acting Secretary Hill, will determine the
responsibility of Turkey and Bulgaria and
undoubtedly will make vigorous represen
tlons which it Is hoped will secure the
prompt ' apprehension and punishment of
the criminals. .The. department Is deeply
concerned over.. -.MJss^ Htone's case and
would take immediate action were it not
for tho fact that it \feurs to cause the
young woman further suffering and per
haps bring about her death.
CALL BUREAU. 14M G STREET. N.
W., "WASHINGTON. Sept.. 28.— Action has
been taken the Board -of Missions of
Boston looking- toward the liberation of
Miss Ethel H. Stone, an American mis
sionary, ¦ who. is .being ; held prisoner by
Bulgarian brigands. Information was re
ceived by the State Department to-day
that the board had telejrraphed its agent
In Constantinople directing, him to Imme
diately'negotiate -with Miss Stone's ab
ductors for her -release and to pay any
reasonable sum that may be demanded.
Will Pay Ransom to
Her Abductors.
Mission Board of Boston
CHILD OPENS
WAY TO RICHES
SEEK RELEASE
OF MISS STONE
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Sept. 26.— Abraham
Lincoln's casket was chiseled open to
day and eighteen persons gazed upon the
features of the long dead first martyred
President and great emancipator. •. Then
the casket holding all that was | mortal
of the honored dead was finally laid away
for the thirteenth time. Lincoln was «a
busy man throughout his life. His friends
have been buey with his remains since
his death. Previous to to-day the casket
was moved from its resting place twelve
times- Each removal was thought to be
the Jast. Now it is declared there can
never again be any occasion for disturb
ing the resting place, which is inside an
ir_.n cage imbecded in a huge block of
cement beneath the tomb of the Lincoln
monument in Oak Ridge Cemetery. After
a short meeting of the monument com
mittee a.t the State House word was
quietly sent to those who were expected
to be present and the entire party-as
eembled at the monument. A conference
followed in the Memorial Hall of the
monument and the matter of opening the
casket to the liglit of day was discussed.
Some of those present said they did not
care to lock upon the remains, but those
who favored the proposition insisted that
it was not a matter of wishes, but one
cf identification to be made a matter of
record for all time to come. Under this
argument the wooden box containing the
casket ahd remains was carried from the
north side of the monument to Memorial
Hail on the south side. Here the casket
was opened and the features were gazed
upon by those who had seen them before
for the purpose of identification and they
declared them to be in a good state of
preservation. The casket was then re
pealed and consigned to the place pre
pared for the same in the monument.
MISS MYETLE SIMPSON AND
CLARENCE C. WILSON WED
Bride Is Given Away by Her Father,
a Well Known Attor- •
ney.
A pretty wedding took place at the
First Congregational Church, corner of
Post and Mason streets, last evening
when Miss Myrtle Simpson, a popular
society belle, was joined in wedlock to
Clarence C. Wilson. The ceremony was
performed by the Rev. Dr. George C.
Adams, pastor of the church. The bride
is a daughter of S. C. Simpson, a prom
inent attorney of the local bar, and a
sister of Ernest S. Simpson, city editor
of the Chronicle. :
The church was crowded with the many
friends of the young couple. "Richard B.
McGinnis was the best man and the
bridesmaids were Miss Evelyn J. Mason
and Miss Elizabeth Prichard. - Miss CarqJ
Simpson attended the happy couple as
flower girl and Miss Bessie J. Simpson
was maid of honor.
Kirke L. Simpson, H. C. Symonds, J."
Otis Burrange and Otis D. Swain .acted
as ushers.
The bride's father gave her . away.
After the ceremony the bridal party re
paired to the home of the bride's parents,
1227 Jackson street, where they met hosts
of friends who showered congratulations
upon them. A wedding supper was
perved in the dining-room. The wedding
gifts were numerous and costly.
The couple will leave to-day on an ex
tended honeymoon tour. y:.
Hullah-Barnhart Recital.
The first piano and vocal recital of Miss
Annette Hullah and Harry H. Barnhart
was given last night at Sherman & Clay
Hall before a large and friendly audience.
The two new ¦ candidates for favor, who
both made their first Californian appear
ance last evening, have immediately
stepped into a sure and high place among
musicians here, and are indeed valuable
acquisitions to the vocal and pianistic
forces of the city. Miss Hullah, a dainty'
and charming little lady, is a pupil of
Leschetizky's and shows her admirable^
eehooling at every turn. She has a round,
rich tone, the beautiful Leschetizky stac
cato, and a broad, scholarly grasp of the
compositions rendered. Miss Hullah's
programme was Interesting, but perhaps
not sufficiently picturesque, though she
was received with marked enthusiasm.
Mr. Barnhart was also much enjoyed,
and showed himself the possessor of a
truly splendid bass voice of wide range,
excellent quality and highly cultivated.
He has also much dramatic power and
musical sympathy, and created a most
favorable Impression upon his audience.
Mr. Oscar Maurer accompanied In his
usual artistic fashion. Miss Hullah's
numbers were the following:
Variattone In- G, Mozart; "Lleder ohne
TTorte." Mendelesohn; ."GIgue," Bach; sonata.
32 minor Grieg; "Song^of the Waves," Arthur
Henton; "Humoreske," Leschetizky; ft Rondo,
Op. 16, Chopin.
The following songs were sung by Mr.
Barnhart:
"Maomatto Secondo," Rossini: "Philemon et
Baucis," Gounod; "O, Ruddier Than the
Cherry." Handel; "A Voice by the Cedar
Tree." Borton: "A Garden Serenade," Lev!;
•Tcrreador," Bizet.
Teacher's Trial Postponed.
Miss Jean Dwyer. the teacher Vaccused
cf bavins slapped another teacher. Miss
M. O'Brien, In the face, was not tried by
the Beard of Education yesterday. The
board met,' but no witnesses had been
summoned, because Jt was thought that
another injunction would b« served.
WASHINGTON," Sept. 26.-Thc
AY XV / Schley court of inquiry was
\\/\\/ in session for only an hour
V V and three-quarters to-day,
adjourning at 12:45 in order to
permit its members and others engaged
there to attend the funeral of Judge Wil
son, late chief counsel .Admiral
Schley. Captain Wise concluded his tes
timony. Admiral Cotton made a brief
statement on recall, and Lieutenant Spcn
cer S. Wood, who commanded the : dis
patch boat I Dupont during the Spanish
war, gave his testimony. Machinist
Gray who was in charge of the starboard
engines on the day of the battle off San
tiago, also testified. He said that on the
day of the battle the starboard engines
were stopped and the machinery reversed.
Captain Wise was .questioned at consider
able length as to what he had done be
forethe arrival of the flying squadron oft
Santiago, toward locating Cervera's ileet
in the harbor. He said that while he had
satisfied himself of the presence of the
Spanish fleet he had been content to com
municate his knowledge to Admiral
Schley through Captain Sigsbee, not con
sidering it necessary to make direct com
munication with the commander in chief.
Lieutenant Wood gave the particulars
of his delivery of dispatches from Ad
miral Sampson to Admiral Schley on the
2*id of May, while the admiral lay off
Cienfuegos. He said that Schley seemed
very nervous and especially anxious to
know what Sampson's intentions were.
He had not concluded his testimony when
the court adjourned for the day. ;
COURT HOLDS SHORT SESSION.
Adjournment Taken on Account of
Funeral of Judge Wilson.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.— The Schley 'court
of inquiry began its session to-day with the
intention of holding one sitting, having de
cided to forego the afternoon session in order
to permit the members of j the counsel and
court to attend the funeral of Judge . Wilson.
The -counsel for the Navy Department to-day
continued their efforts to show that Admiral
Schley had information of Admiral Cervera
and his fleet in the harbor of Santiago and in
troduced for this purpose additional officers of
the auxiliary cruisers which were at the time
doing oYity as scout boats In West Indian
waters.
Captain Wise who commanded the scout ship
Yale during the Spanish war, continued . his
narrative of the retrograde movement of the
flying squadron toward Key West on May 27.
He first told how the Yale nad taken the
Merrlmac in tow under direction of Admiral
Schley. He said that the admiral had signaled
upon starting to ask If there was coal enough
to carry him to Key West, to which he ; had
responded in the affirmative. On the,next day
he had reported in response to an inquiry that
he had coal sufficient for two days -of full
steaming and for four days of' moderate
steaming. ....
| He was then dispatched to Newport Isews,
reporting to Admiral Sampson on the way.
He had told Admiral Sampson, he. said, that
the flying squadron was about thirty miles west
of Santiago. In response to a. question of the
admiral he had said he did not know what
it was doing there. In detailing the trip west
ward toward Key West, the witness told of the
breaking of the Yale's hawser -on the ller
rimac. He said this" had caused delay.
."What was the difficulty?" asked Captain
"Improper securing of hawser on the Merrl
mac." '. -
'"U'as it due to tempestuous weather or
not?" . "• . .
--."Not'at'all." .<<;- .;.;:.;-
Could. Not See Tip the Harbor.' rf
Hatma- read the following extract. Jrorn.-Afi-d
miraV Schley's report of February ; 18 tn th«q
Committee on Naval Affairs, in reference totha.!
letter from the Secretary of the Navy of Feb-' v
niary-6 1S99. beginning "After, havins ...been
'informed? by the ships commanded by Sigsbee.* :
Jewell, and "Wise that although they had* all.
been iff Santiago de Cuba for a week" they
had seen nothing of it (the Spanish fleet), and
knew 'nothing of its movements or lts'wherc-
He then asked Captain Wls=e if he had. had
guch oonv^reatlcn with the admiral. • . . ¦
'"I did. not," was the response.
''Did you rive Admiral Srhley any Jpfor
mat'on respecting the Spanish squadron?"
"Onlv through Captain Slgshee. I did not
po on board the Brooklyn at all. I gave Cap
tain Sigsbee all the information I had." <
"Had you been oft Santlaro-for a week?'*
"I -was there from the morning of the* 22d
until the evening of the 26th, when the flyltig
sa"adron arrived." ' ...
Ca-otain "Wise -was cross-examined on this
point by Raynor. Ke asked: - . * .;_
¦"From th» morning of the 22d until • the , ar
rival -of the flying squadron on the evening -of
the 25th you were trying to gpt In f>uch with
thf enemy, and watching .the harbor?"
"Tes." •
"You pnw nothing in there?"
"I could not sfce any harbor at all."
"To" could see around the corner of Cayo
smith?" . , „ ,„
"We saw the masts of a small vessel. Could
not distinsruish «rhat It was." • . ..-¦•¦•
¦ "You pent no one on shore to try to establish
communication?" ; -j .
"Xot at all." ' -
"Is not the natural condition of the^harbor
siich that i* is possible to see considerably up
th» harbor?" " ' "
"Ton can see only a short distance up the
harbor."
"And th»re was nothing In sight whatever,
¦was there?"
"Nothing at all.", '
Bid Not Observe the Land Batteries.
The witness had Bald that Captain Sigsbee had
taken the dispatch beginning "Get In touch
with the enemy."
I The court, • through Admiral Dewey, asked:
."Was it your duty or Captain -Sisrsbee's to
convey the Information in the dispatch referred
j to to Commodore fichley?" '
"I think it was 'Captain SIgsbee's. as he went
immediately on duty and I was intercepted by,
orders from the commodore to take the Merri
mac in tow." _ '
Hanna — Did you recelv* any inquiry, or did
the commanding officer of the flying squadron
To-night the session of the presbytery
closed with a general discussion of . for
eign missionary work. At Occidental Col
lege this morning the. Rev. Robert Bur
dette addressed the students on the "Dil
igent Man." -.
In the afternoon the Woman's; Foreign
Missionary Society met at the First Meth
odist Episcopal -Church to celebrate its
anniversary. -Miss Patton, conference
secretary for the society, gave a report of
the past year's work, and the Rev. B. S.
Haywood spoke on "Educational Work. in
Mexico." The evening Was devoted to
talks on "Church Extension" and "Freed
man's Aid Society," the Rev. J. E. Robin
son and the Rev. F. L. Donohue being the
principal speakers. \ _• / :
Home missions was the subject of dis
cupsion before the -Los- Angeles Presby
tery to-day. Dr. H. B. ; Gage of Long
Beach deplored the disparity between the
amounts of money devoted to home mis
sions and to general church work. • Dr.-
Hugh Walker of Los Angeles followed In"
an address urging the necessity for evan
gelical work and incidentally attacking
Sunday night collections in the churches.
Several other speakers followed -and a
committee was -appointed to formulate
plans for aggressive missionary work in
Southern California. ¦ • '
The Rev. Dr. \ Cantlne announced the
death of the Rev. W. A. Spencer, general
secretary oi the Methodist Branch of
Church Extension, who -was one of the
notable delegates to the recent Bpworth
League Convention at San Francisco, and
a committee was. appointed to sendcon
dolences to the family of Dr. Spencer..
: A report of ;. the. conference : trustees
chowed that: a ;year ago ¦ the conference
fund consisted of : loan . of ; $121 85 and
cash '$63 41. This - has been Increased 'by
the sale of • property to the amount "of
$2730 14. 'r " ¦:. ¦' ''-¦ ?.-?¦'¦,-• ' •
LOS ANGELESrSept. 26.— At the South
ern California Methodist Conference this
morning the Rev. John Thompson spoke
briefly on the" theme of Bible "distribu
tion,'., declaring; that the best way to fight
anarchy.: was to put the Bible into; the
hands of the people, adding, that he. be
lieved with Abraham Lincoln that' "mercy
to the individual is cruelty -to 'the 'state';"!
at;d he was in favor o£ vigorous measures
with those anarchists . who could not be
moved with the Bible.
at first' I said It was absolutely necessary;
that we were almost out of -. coal, , having made
the run from Key West." -He said: ''Very well;
go below and I ¦ will think it over.'
"I went below to' the wardroom and was
afterward up . and informed that they
would give" me coal. : I had never before met
the admiral. . He impressed me as being very
nervous. He would get up and walk around,
come back . and sit down,, and . a..number.i of
questions he asked me about Admiral Samp
son's intentions I was unable to answer."
HP Schley Appeared to Be ITenrous. ~
"If - I understand you clearly, you had no
knowledge of . the contents of the . dispatches
which you delivered?" . " ' V ': r -
".Admiral Sampson did not tell me what was
In them. - He simply -told me those were du
plicate dispatches he- was sending. by the lows)..
The duplicates, he said, he gave to me because
he thought the Dupont oould make better speed.
I left after the Iowa passed her off Cape -San
• Antonio- and arrived in . Cienfuegos some- three
or four hours after she did." I, left Key West
at '11:30 a. m. on the 20th." , r ' ¦: =¦'- - •
"During this interview in which you made
some statements with respect to the admiral's
manner had he read the dispatches? Did he
read them in your presence?" ¦¦'¦'. '¦-•¦' .
"Oh, yes." . ..¦¦'¦ ¦ • ' "..':
"Did he advise you of their contents then?" ,
"He did , not "tell "me " positively" what" they
were. I gathered- while I was aboard the flag-;
ship what they contained, but whether it -was
while I was in the cabin or later in the ward-,
room I do not know. I never saw their con
tents and Admiral Sampson never told me what
they were." .' t-f* ;•¦ '"'_,..' '.''
"I wish to ascertain exactly the particulars
of this interview." :
"All the dispatches seemed to be of an im
portant, character, judging from the admiral's
manner upon receiving them. As I stated, he
was very nervous." . • . -'•'
Asked by Raynor if Admiral Sampson or any
one else had informed him before he left Key
West for Ciehfuegos that a code of signals had
been agreed upon between the American forces
and the Cuban- insurgents, Lieutenant , Wood
replied in the negative. He had not, he said,
received such Information officially, but he
added that it was current talk' at Key West
that the Marblehead on a previous trip had es
tablished communication with the Cubans. If,
however, a code had been arranged he did not
know of the fact. Before Lieutenant Wood had
concluded his testimony the court at 12:45 ad
journed for the day to permit attendance at
Judge Wilson's funeral. • <'
GAS EXPLOSION
KILLS WORKMEN
" '."Have you anything further to state with
respect to this interview which will bear on
the subject of this inquiry?"
"The commodore hesitated some about giving
me coal. He did not think he could spare coal.
".¦"On my arrival," the witness said, "I went
aboard and personally delivered the dispatches,
which I carried from Admiral Sampson J to
Commodore Schley, In his cabin, at 9 o'clock.
He -asked me Admiral Sampson's idea about
where the Spanish squadron was. I told him
I did not know; he asked me of Admiral Samp
son's intentions. I told him I did not know
them. He told me he thought the Spanish
squadron was there. The conversation was
on .the line to endeavor to find out from me
what Admiral Sampson's plans were. I could
give him no information."
'.'How long were you on board the flagship?"
- "Until just before luncheon." j
- ¦ Lieutenant Wood related the particulars of
liis mission as a dispatch carrier from Admiral
Sampson lying at Key West to Admiral Schley,
who ,was off Cienfuegos. He had- left Key.
West' on May 20, carrying dispatches of which
.the Iowa carried duplicates, and had reached
: Cienfuegos several hours in advance of the
Iowa. . * •¦
The witness said that the'reversal was very
brief. : the revolutions not exceeding . 100, and
the K time being short. He had, he said, heard
afterward that the reversal was because they
were passing the Brooklyn. Lieutenant Spen
cer. S., Wood, who commanded the dispatch
-boat Dupont during the Spanish war, was the
next: witness.
"The next signal," he said, "was to stop
a minute "afterward to reverse. The engines
were then reversed." . ; - , . ¦¦-¦_¦ ,
Anxious to Know the Plans.
¦, William C. Gray, who was chief machinist
on the Texas during the battle off Santiago on
July 3, testified that on that date he had been
on duty at. the throttle of the starboard engine
of the battleship. He said that when he went
to the engine-room the vessel w^s going ahead.
"There" was, of course, some further conver
sation. I' cannot recall the words nor aside
from what .1 have mentioned, the particular
subjects."' . - . ¦
Lemly— Anything further.
"In language, as 1 nearly as I can remember,
he said:, 'After dinner I am going to hoist
my flag on board the Massachusetts, and take
her and the Iowa and go in and have a pot
shot at those fellows.' "
"He informed me that It had been ascer
tained that some, at least, of the ships of
Admiral Cervera's squadron were within the
harbor of Santiago; that, they had been seen
and were in sight and, as a matter of fact,
one of them was in sight at the entrance to
the harbor.
Asked by Captain Lemly to relate^ his con
versation with Admiral Schley on the occa
sion of that visit, he said:
Admiral Cotton was . questioned concerning
some points of the Santiago campaign. •" He
said that on the morning of May 31, after
arriving from Kingston, he had gone aboard
the Brooklyn with dispatches for Admiral
Schley.
At this point Captain "Wise -was excused and
Admiral Cotton was recalled to make verbal
corrections in the testimony previously given
by him. - . - . .
"I did not." ,
agk you for any Information at any time?
"Nothtnz." .. ' ¦ . . ¦ » . i
. Raynor continued his questions, devoting him
selt especially -to the signaling between' the
Yale and the flagship. - The witness said he was
eure that on May 26, when he hailed the. Texas,
he had not passed within, hailing" distance of
the Brooklyn, being one and a half miles dis
tant. . . • ... .- . , ¦/. •. . ¦
Raynor read -from a ¦ report made on. May 30
by Admiral Sampson In whlcn ne stated that
Captain Wise had told him that he believed
Santiago harbor to be . strongly fortified.
"Is that, true?" Raynor asked.. ¦¦¦ -
"It is," was the reply. - -
Captain Wise said in reply to questions by
Captain Parker that he would • at any time
¦when on* Santiago have been able to signal any
information he might have had in regard to
the situation. He had seen the masts of a ves
sel and thought .It' to be a small military ves
sel. He had gone near enough to observe the
land batteries. ' • '. > .-.-; - . •
In ¦ reDly to an inquiry \ from the court the
witness said; that the land batteries did not fire
on the Yale while that vessel was reconnoiter
ing the harbor. He also said that even though
he had been the senior officer oft Santiago prior
to the arrival of Captain Cotton, he had not
commanded Captain Sigsbee to give to Commo
dore Schley the information which he (Wise)
had given to him (Siersbee) ..» .. .
The questions by the court and the -replies
to them tvere as follows:
"Did the batteries at or near Santiago fire
on the Yale while she was reconnoitering?"
Admiral Cotton Makes Corrections.
"Not at all.".' ' " .¦
"Who was the senior officer off Santiago
prior to the arrival of the flying squadron?"
"I was senior officer until Captain Cotton
came, on the 23d. He was there until the
24th, and I was senior officer on the 25th,
and the squadron . came there on the 26th.".
"Did you not direct Captain Sigsbee to give
to Commodore Schley the information that you
had received from the Navy Department with
regard to the: whereabouts of the Spanish
squadron?" - . .
Force = if . Scriptures
' :>.? Fail.^
Methodist Minister Advises
Identification to Be Made a
Matter of Record for •
All Time.
Says That the Commodore Appeared to Be Nervous at; Cienfuegbs,
and Also Extremely Anxious to Ascertain the Plans aiidJdeas of
the Commander in Chief Concerning; the Spanish Squadron
Friends Open the Casket
and Reverently View..
the Remains.
Plan to Prevent
Assassination.
Glergyman Suggests a
LINCOLN'S BODY
AGAIN REMOVED
BIBLE NEEDED
BY ANARCHISTS
LIEUTENANT WOOD, MESSAGE CARRIER
FOR ADMIRAL SAMPSON, TESTIFIES
BEFORE SCHLEY COURT INQUIRY
THE SAN: FEA3 CISCO CALL,- FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1901.
2
The beautiful 'new styles of gold-plated
candelabra, ¦ candlesticks, candle vases,
clocks, figures, ornaments, etc.?. ;We have
received a large shipment of them," which
will repay your Inspection. We guarantee
finish and' workmanship -on - every piece.
Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market st • ¦
Don't You Admire
' ' s ¦-"¦¦-¦¦ I ' .
«Sr B^T lift S©3 VOT
childreti do not have trouble when
cutting their teeth, r
fSJIfK th^ phos-
phatic^ialts necessary to build up
the teeth and in consequence the
teeth are well formed and sound, and
teething: ii; an ea^jr process,
; . Have you seen our book ? 'A, - . ¦ <
¦ . • -:; No ? • Then you ought to sund -fof lt« • • "• • '" ' ¦ '.
' ;. - : It shows what good nourishing food wrlll do fe* babfSS* . . . .
It tells what other people say about Mellin's Food.
It answers a few questions about Mellm's Food. ' "
' Send us your name and we will send it to you free.
','..'• . :¦ ' ' . ' '.«« ' " ¦ ' - .''"•- ¦*¦; ' * ' . • '.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, 1 MASS.
ADVEBTISEBEEHrTS.
MOST REMARKABLE HUNTRESS OF THE WEST.
Do you know who she is and what she has done!
. 000000000 ooo^^^"™^™"^^"^" 1^^
VISIT OF THE DUKE SS2S2S22S222 THE HOME OF
OF YORK TO AMERICA llllllllllll ANARCHY IN AMERICA
wmmm^^,^ m^ _^ __ _.___ . OOOOOOOOOOOO ¦¦".- ™««-"IWl
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OO OOOOOodooa
00 000000 00 O ooo 0 o 0000000000000006oooooooooooooooooo °*"oo
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN INDEPENDENCE AND LIBERTY.
By Major -Gencf al MacArthur, recently Maitary Governor "of the Philippines. '
00000000000000000000 30oooooooo 00ouuuo uoooo oooooq 00 ''] nn
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO O*O OOOOO OO OOonft^SSS 0000
o 0000000 000000000000000000000 o 000000 nn«S~~ ooooooooooc
OOOOOOOOOOO o »~wwww 00 000.00 OOOpOOOOOOOOOOOC
OOOOOOOOOOO 0™ ™"™"™ 111 ™^™ 1^ ¦¦¦¦MiMB 0 °0OOO0OO<JO0
OOOOOOOOOOOC — 5^- ¦-„. — — . ' _'"!'¦'¦ ¦ '• a °0000000000
000000000000 p©k 1 si JT" r"^K^K ' 00oooo °ooooo
000000000000 I I I 'PL^ - *3 'ooooooooooo;
OOOOOOOOOOOO 1 I B^^^ - Xk V' 7 ' * ' fej ' • • 3 *° ° ° ° ° °"PO O O
000000000000 I « x%\ ¦ B ° 00000000000!
OOOOOOOOOOOO 1 !¦ Iff ~^d f \Sk t3 ' 1 ', ¦ 3 °0000000000
OOOOOOOOOOOO m^^^m JB^. ' <BL. 2,00000000000
O OOOOOOOOOOol • ¦ ' OOOOOOOOOOOO
SUNDAY'S
OOOOOOOOOOOO yH| « - COOOOOOOOOOC
oooooooooooc M^y A M THT oooooooooooc
oooooooooooc ' '¦' m 19k. ¦¦¦"• S3 : S'ooooooooooo
000000000000 B .. / H fl S'O 00 00 000 000
000000000000 WL - j Jmmi&L H L| oooooooooooc
oooooooooooc Vxtadlf 1 i» M > co °ooooooooc
000000000000 ¦ 4 JL^ ri c 0000000000c
OOOOOOOOOOO C| * ¦ ' i _/ -OOOOOOOOOOC
00 000000000 o^^™"^™™""^ m^J^ ooooooo-oooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOO.O COO OOOOOOOOOr>nr.«^ COOO ° ° ° ° ° ° ° C
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOftnn 000000
o^ci^oo^iooi^o^^oc^ooo oooooooooooooooooooooooo 00000000 ° 00 °
HOW THE TELEGRAPH CAME TO CALIFORNIA.
By James Gamble/
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO C>0^O^^?O^0^^^0^^^^^^^^^^ i1i^""^""^^mi^^^«^p^
0000000000000000 00 oooooooooooooooooooonnn^. 000000000000
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOCDOOOnnn«»«« ° O(>OO()oooootl
— — —^ — — — —^—^^ "uuuoooooooo n nno n>>>/1flnr .
/ OOOOOO 000000^^^™"™""""""^i^— i
SYBIL SANDERSON, o||2||||||2-S EPISCOPAL CONVEN-
THE CALIFORNIA r oooooSSSSooo TION ANn MnTARiF<;
. liruTl ., r .. _ . 000000000000 rt«w.fWUIADLLJ>
NIGHTINGALE °°° 000000 ° 0 - WHO WH.L ATTEND
OOOOOOOO O^^— .^^— -^—^-j_- '- '*' " —
ooogooogggogoooogggegggggoggggoggo^
As this week's offerings \comprise Children's and
Boys' Shoes principally, we will .extend, the. time for pur-
chasing same until Saturday,'
> jjVJi when children are out of school. j|i4*T
j\Jgr»fi ' The Shoes, as usual,; are regular :. r J*jt/\
' stock, all sizes and widths, and ' ¦ MILl^
"will be fitted or exchanged, or Jt&?j9
Sa * money refunded. gS&r %
' C™^^?! 1^!^ 4. XD MISSES* BOX YOUTHS' AND BOYS* LACE \
CALF LACE SHOES, stout soles, SHOES, made of box calf, extend-
extended; a first-class school shoe. ing sole3, just like men's, ;
|i«s8Vtoll. 81.15 Sizes 9 to 13..... '...81.40'
y^&n^g^MM&m i!^i 3 #to°5 2^:::::::::::::il-gg !
LACE SHOES, patent leather tips, vnTTTH< ,. . AN n nnw T^t- '
j extendea.soles; good for dress and X ggSg|, m ££ D of satP/^alf, !
rijm sii ?« 11 e-i tr ¦' heavy soles. .
OlZeS >5^; tO 11..., JSX.liS qi-n- n i n 14 ' \ " m-t 1 e\
Pixpti nix to 2 *i «»K • fc>izes ¦) to 13 81.1O .
ckildVe^atcd-misse 4 !- 1 -^- gJS pi4 t t c o 5 ?r----ll"2P
.ENT LEATHER LACE SHOES, ~ Slzes 2 « tc 5 % Wl.45
r imported material, dull tops, me- YOUTHS' AND BOYS' VICI KID
. cium soles; a dressy Sundav shoe. LACE SHOES; stylish last; fine,
Sizes 6 to 8....*. K1.35 dressy shoe. .
Sizes. 8% to 11 "... j^l.85 Sizes 9 to 13 r.S1.4O
Sizes UK to 2....... $12.20 f} zes J?J4 to 2 ;....«1.65 ,
LADIES' PATENT LEATHER ' Sizes 2% to 5%.........:. ..$1.85
LACE SHOES, broad toe,- broad MEN'S VICI KID LACE SHOES, '
, extended soles, Imported material double soles — on a new swell la«t
g : $2.85 $2.85
t Sole distributers of The Komfort $3.50 Shoes for men and women.
Country orders for above promptly filled if letters are mailed not
later than Saturday. -; ' -v%- ,r" 1 r -
. * ¦ , • * *,»" * * *."•? * * " *. *•*.-*»handsomest boy, the handsomest girl and
the handsomest set of twins.
The citizens cf the Sonoma Valley are
to be given an opportunity to view the ex
hibits to-morow. that being their day, as
well as Santa Rosa's. On Saturday spe
cial trains from San Francisco will carry
SMI FRANCISCO'S COMMERCIAL BODIES UNITE TO CONDEMN.
those -wishing to enjoy the hospitality this
city offers this week. In the evening of
that day general excursions will be run
from all points, and a night of much
plea-sure will be spent as an appropriate
conclusion of the Fourth Agricultural Dis
trict Fair.
!¦•:¦¦:¦¦!¦¦:¦¦:¦¦:'¦! i : i m-i-m-i-m-m-h-w
INTERESTING SPECIMENS AMONG THE COUNTY EXHIBITS THAT
ARE ATTRACTING ATTENTION IN THE BOOTHS OF THE AGRI
CULTURAL DISTRICT FAIR BEING HELD IN SANTA ROSA.
The much looked for stock parade will
take place to-morrow at 10 o'clock. The
line of march will be from^the stockyards
on Fifth street to Mendocino. over that
street. Fourth. Hinton/ Third and B
etreets, when the animals will return to
their starting place. To-morrow afternoon
the baby show will be held, the hour be
ing set for 2 o'clock. The band stand, sit
uated in the center of the gTeat pavilion.
is to be where the exhibition will take
place. All babies now living in Sonoma
and Marin counties under the age of 15
months are eligible to enter the competi
tion. Premiums will be awarded to the
The day was a perfect one for an out-
Ing-, and all the visitors were well pleased
with the fair and the entertainment which
was afforded them. The excursionists
•were allowed to remain in the "City of
Roses" until 10 o'clock to-night, when
they were given an opportunity to enjoy
the evening in the pavilion and on the
midway.
Guerneville and vicinity swelled the
crowd by sending a special train with 750
passengers, and the Ukiah delegation
brought a band of eighteen pieces, which
provided music for the pavilion visitors
and at the different free shows.
street fair now In progress. It was
Ukiah and Northern Sonoma day, and
fully 1500 visitors from points north of
here took advantage of the accommoda
tions the railroad grave to Inspect the
magnificent display of products.
SAXTA ROSA. Sept. 26,-^-One of the
largest crowds ever Eeen in the
streets of this city was here to
day to enjoy the agricultural and
. CANTON, Ohio, • Sept.' 2G.-Mrs. 1 McKin
ley to-day took her usual ride to the j cem
etery, in the morning and into the country
in. thei afternoon, and to-night' Dr. Rixey
said: ' : ¦¦¦.¦'••."'.'•" :• ¦ ; f ' :
"Mrs. McKinley: Is doing as well as any
woman could under similar conditions." :
Mrs. McKinley Is Doing Well.
For side rides to points on' the Santa Fe.
Open to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets,' friends acfcompanyfng
and holders of nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of - sale, September 23 'to
November - 10 . inclusive. Limit 30 days
For time tables, descriptive literature and
full information call at Santa Fe offices
641-Market st..; and ferry depot. v
\, Special Bates
p EUREKA, Sept. 26.— A peti
tion is being, circulated among
the members of the Humbcldt
Club, the most representative or
ganization in the county, to ex
clude the San Francisco Exami
ner from the club rooma. A
movement is also on foot to ex
clude / the Examiner from the
Eureka Free Library. . .
HUMBOLDT COUNTY
IS '.'.MUCH INCENSED
When the meeting was first
proposed, a few days ago,. it was
not supposed that more than two
commercial organizations would
be represented. The Merchants'
Association was at first expected
to take up the matter to-day aft
er the meeting at the rooms of
the Board of Trade, where the
conference of yesterday took
place. But the news having
been circulated among the mer
chants and other representative
citizens that the action of the
Chamber of Commerce Was to be
followed up, there was a general
movement in favor of con
certed action, it being deemed
that such a manifestation would
be more significant of the senti
ment of all classes concerned in
censuring the Examiner. This
pressure was not resisted. On
Tuesday of this week frequent
conferences were held among the
prominent men of business who
are officially connected with one
or another organization. The re
sult was that the hall of the San
Francisco Board of Trade was
engaged and a general invitation
COMMON APPROVAL
cide upon the wording of the
measure of censure of the Exam
iner that they were prepared to
promulgate.
MOVEMENT GAINS
After the meeting had ad
journed and the news of the ac
tion that had "been taken was
Each man present cgreed read
ily to the proposition that the
Examiner should be excluded
from the files of the association
he represented. The voice was
unanimous for recommending
that every organization of citi
zens, of whatever kind, in the
State of . California should also
prevent the Examiner from en
tering their doors. The strong
measure proposed, namely, to
withdraw all patronage from the
Examiner and to refuse to give
any information to the represen
tatives of that paper, was in
dorsed enthusiastically during
and after the conference by the
individuals participating. The ef
fect of this was judged to be tar
reaching, and that was the inten
tion in making the recommenda
tion, it being desired to rebuke
the Examiner in the strongest
way. There was no other busi
ness for the meeting to consider.
The call was issued only to meet
the public emergency presented.
was sent to the boards of direc
tors and officers of the bodies
enumerated in 'the foregoing to
take part. There were no decli
nations on the part of any organ
ization. All were promptly on
hand and there was no dissenting
voice. ' v
effective suppression of such teachings. ,,
A system which provides a mutual exchange
of commodities Is necessarily essential to the
continued and healthful growth of our export
trade.
We must encourage our merchant marine;
we must have more ships; they must be under
the American flag, built and manned and
owned by Americans.
We must' build tbe Isthmian canal.
The pledge of President Roosevelt that he will
continue absolutely unbroken tbe policy of
President McKinley has our unqualified ap
proval and we tender to him our loyal sup
port. ...
If continued in power the Republican party
pledges Itself to guard the sources of income
of the State and to use the surplus thereof for
the further reduction of the rate of local taxa
tion, the enlargement of our school system, the
benefit of our industries and the common in
terest and welfare of the whole people.
The convention was called to order
shortly after noon by Senator E. C.
Stokes of Cumberland County. There were
800 delegates present. All of the party
leaders were here except United States
Senator Sewell, who on account of illness
missed his first convention in years.
Griggs Pays a Tribute.
Former United States Attorney General
John W. Griggs was selected as temporary
poisoning. He purchased the articles some
time ago, believing they would help his
failing hearing. He finally missed them
and it now appears that they dropped into
the inner ear.
Turks and Albanians Collide.
. BELGRADE. Sept. 26.— It is reported
that Turkish and Albanian troops have
come into collision at Belopotje. old Ser
vla, with .the result that fifty-four were
killed and wounded.
Czolgosz Collapses.
AUBURN, N. Y.. Sept. 27.— Czolgosz
reached - the Auburn State Prison at 3
o'clock this (Friday) morning, and on en
tering the penitentiary collapsed com
pletely.
Wasp McKinley number. Second edition now
on sale. .New pictures added. "••
The grain counties and the
fruit growing sections have been
particularly angered by the Ex
aminer recently, and they arc
likely to instruct their organiza
tions for the public good to take
decided action without delay.
Free libraries in the interior are
moving to exclude the objection
able sheet.. Clubs have taken ac
tion in some localities and other
communities are planning to free
themselves from the incubus of
yellow journalism. The move
ment is widespread, extending al
ready to many counties.
learned in a general way on
Change and elsewhere in the
commercial portions, of the city
the, comments were all in com
mendation of what had been
done. The wording of the rcso
lutions was so plain that none ot
those at the conference believed
that there could be any misun
derstanding concerning their ex
act purport. Action along simi
lar, lines of ~ kindred bodies / in
the other counties of California
is counted upon confidently, let
ters having been received ] by
members of the San' Francisco
commercial organizations from
such bodies expressing their de
sire to do their part in rebuking
yellow journalism and its latest
damaging achievements. There
are' large commercial bodies in
Sacramento, Stockton, San Jose,
Fresno, Los Angeles and other
California cities and every coun
ty has' a Board of Trade or other
association that is devoted to
promoting the material interests
of its section, which is menaced
by the Examiner.
NE"y^ YORK, Sept. 26.— The Press says:
In every section of the country the de
mand for the suppression of yellow Jour
nalism continues, and everywhere is rec
ognized the fact that the man who shot
President McKinley was merely an agent
in the crime. From the pulpit comes a
burning criticism of Hearst and his agen
cies. Grand Army men continue their or
ganized protest against further support of
yellow journalism, and clubs that repu
diate Hearst's anarchistic sheets grow in
number. , - - . .
In his sermon in All Saints Cathedral,
the Right Rev. William Croswell Doane.
Bishop of Albany, said: -
"God save us from this spiritual an
archy of the atheist and from this other
anarchy of men who call themselves and
count themselves above and beyond and
Independent of authority and law. I have
spoken of the too prevalent tendency in
our time to violent personalities of speech,
presuming to assign motives to condemn
character and to assail an individual un
der the- pretense of criticizing methods
and opposing policies. " - "• : ¦ >
"There can be no question: that in the
atmosphere of embittered violence the
murderer gets inspiration which chooses a
bullet or dagger" instead of weapons o e f
tongues, which are spears and arrows
and sharp swords. Out of the reek of all
this licentious and unbridled speech comes
the spawn and sputum of the anarchist
and assassin." • _,',,, * iV .
In' an eloquent memorial address to the
Grand Army of the Republic in Schenec
tady Rev. George Francis ... Whittemore.
pastor of the First Baptist Church, said
the yellow Journals owned by Hearst were
directly responsible for the killing of
President McKinley and brought the
veterans to their feet when, in ending his
memorial address, he said: -' _; _
''I say the yellows are guilty. Editors
are not fools, even though some of them
may be knaves.- Shame on the public that
buys but shame thrice over on the editor
who, for gain, tempts men to the com
mission of crime. Life is a conflict, and
every editor knows It." Let his, name be
anathema who would betray. for
paltry silver, his opportunities of lead
ing men aright. He, too, is a Judas, with
the addition of disguise and modern en
terprise. His seeds of murder, hate and
anarchy fructify into crimes like the
assassination of President McKinley."
SDeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Emperor Nicholas and Trench Presi-
EUROPEAN POWERS MAY
MOVE AGAINST TURKEY
dent Exchange Their Views at
Recent Meeting.
PARIS. Sept. 26.— The Courier du Solr.
which is usually well Informed, makes
the following sensational statement: - ¦ »
One of th» results of the conferences between
Emperor Nicholas and President Loubet. M.
Waldeck-Rousseau and M. Delcasse during the
Czar's visit to France is an exchange of views
between the European Cabinets, with the object
of arriving at an understanding as to the ac
tion against Turkey.
Germany's concurrence Is assured, as Em
peror William has consented, but Count von
Bulow has raised an objection to some details
of action proposed, thus necessitating a fur
ther reference to the other governments aefora
a final decision can be reached. ""¦•.'. ',
Bishop of Albany Also Ar
raigns the Policy of Vio
lent Personalities.
Baptist ; Minister Points
¦"¦; but the Guilt of Yel
low Editor.
Special Trains Bear Great Crowds to the Fourth Agricultural Dis
trict Display and the People of Northern Sonoma and Ukiah
Rejoice in the Abundance and Rare Quality of the Exhibits
Stated Convention Adopts Ringing Platform Which Declares Doc
trines of Assassinat on Dangerous to Mankind^ Asks for Build
ing of Isthmian Canal and Encourages Merchant 'Marine,
After the adoption of a platform Fiank
lin Murphy was nominated for Governor
by acclamation.
Murphy In accepting the nomination
paid a tribute to the late President Mc-
Kinley, and said the mantle of Elijah had
fallen on Elisha In the person of Presi
dent Roosevelt, of whose capacity and
high purposes there was no doubt. Mur
phy closed by attributing the prosperity
of the nation to the Republican, party. ?
Tbe convention then adjourned.
A delegate named Van Riper, -who said
he was an old-time Whig, wanted the
resolution amended so as to condemr. tbe
Democratic party for having preached the*
doctrlne of anti-imperialism, which he
said was the foundation of nihilism hi tbe
United States and led to the murder of
McKinley.
Mr. McKinley was a great leader who be
lieved in his party, but his policy was not that
of vituperation, but one of patriotism and rea
soning, and he always bad the respect even of
his political opponents. This should be a l?sson
to us in the manner of conducting a campaign
at this time. We should appeal to the reason
of every man.
chairman. On taking the chair he deliv
ered an address, in which, referring to the
death of President McKinley, he said: '
GRASS VALLEY, Sept. 26.— J. M. "Wil
liams, a pioneer resident of this city, is
dying at his home here and the doctors
declare his illness has been brought on by
two rubber like eardrums. Williams'
sickness baffled the physicians, who
thought him suffering from brain disease.
Last night Dr. J. T. Jones made an ex
amination and concluded that some for
eign substance was in the depths of the
ears. His instruments finally brought to
light a little eardrum or trumpet from
each ear. They had been embedded there
for several weeks, the doctor declares,
causing sores and resulting In blood
Ailment That for a Time Per
plexed Doctors. £
Grass Valley Pioneer Suffers From
ARTIFICIAL EARDRUMS
• MAY CAUSE HIS DEATH
The blow which ended the life of our-be
loved President was cruel. Inhuman and law
less. It was aimed, not at the gentle and lov
able McKinley. but at the republic and the
majesty of the law. which guarantees liberty
of person and safety of property. Any doctrine
which justifies 'or encourages assassination la
utterly hostile to civil station and the welfare
of mankind and must be no longer tolerated
In this country, and we demand and Insist that
laws.- State and national, be enacted for the
Hinging Platform Adopted.
platform for •submission to the
convention to-Jay. was in. session until
nearly 3 o'clock this morning. The com
mittee submitted the resolutions to State
Chairman Franklin ] Murphy, who was
later nominated for .Governor. Murphy
gave his approval and the platform was
presented to the convention by Congress
man Fowler as chairman of the commit
tee on resolutions, and was adopted with
out opposition. The platform is as fol
lows: ...
PTT^RENTON. N. J., Sept. 26.— The sub-
I committee appointed at last
1 night's meeting of the Republican
11 . State Committee to prepare a
STYLES HEARST
MASKED JUDAS
NEW JERSEY REPUBLICANS DEMAND
THE SUPPRESSION OF ALL ANARCHISTS
ENTHUSIASTIC VISITORS CELEBRATE
AT THE FAIR IN THE CITY OF ROSES
/ - ¦ ¦" ¦.¦:-;:'--:^f.:V., ¦;¦,:•'.¦ r ¦ ¦ ¦¦ • '¦ ¦«.".¦¦¦ ' - • ¦ • . ' -
THE SAN FKANC1SCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER : - : -27, 1901.
Continued From Page One.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Good Blue Serge Suits $9
The man with medium means who must figure closely on his clothing bill
should take these facts into consideration when he buys a.suit : He should get a
popular-priced suit and likewise a suit that is popular. The suit should be fully !
guaranteed by the merchant and the guarantee should back up the suit and fully j
protect the customer should he be dissatisfiad. The customer should be in a I
position to get his money back if the suit does not please him.
Assuming tha: you appreciate buying clothes under these conditions, we
would recommend our blue serge at $9 : it fills the above requisitions and is sold
The suits come in single or double breas*ed styles : they are union made,
and necessirily we'.l made ; the color is fast—you have our guarantee for this.
They are good suits in every way and are certainly worth the price.
Three Days Special===Yestees and Sailors
-£3^ For to-day, to-morrow and Monday we shall j^^a^\ !
j$|>im have on special sate some saTor and vestee suits rnvFr^^k ¦
£?£$¦£$ af a price that. prompts your buying just as soon v?£!!f-^»™ !
\e **] as you can get downtown with the boy. ' a^-**" 'Kv*
><O|Sfk The sailcs are for boys from 3 to 10 year:; of ape and JJfc-izOl x '
•"^•tffw li nX'lsS? "iW ie vestees for:boys from 3 to 7 years old. The garments MnS^t^iffeSHik
'rrwifS NiVvmI iffil^ are mac * e °* K 00^- material and neatly trimmed; as to J&r '/Ay/ V iHCK '
A^a^iBi® IffiftteEv their value we wil1 sa - v tliai if - after takin S a suit home and /f ,.</' >]X\\\\i /j |\ }
M^mlS^^jS^!> closel >' examining it. you don't think it worth the price. iO^/^l\i/#f'\
m : &MW$Wy&fflj4TJ^u)™turn the suit immediately and you can have your
wS^mWr^ money back ' The spccial price for the three days> ly^Mw wn^
$iWSJi Un'aundered waists, ages 4 to 10 years, for- lli^ffillf '
•' - r Wffl -III! I ' '¦ ' ' merlv 2 5 c ». s P eci / 1 ! f°" r : a short time onlv .at |5c each. ' Hpf/ wMI
¦ '¦'¦¦¦ hW '\W ..Boys' golf- caps,- extra well made, 25C> each, Sill/ Ilif
tejtjf Em Out-of-town orders filled — write us. Spn < atou
A Medicine for
Old People.
Re*. Geo. Gay, Greenwich, Has., h
pist 83 years of are, yet be says: *1 .
am enjoying excellent health for a nv/.n
of my stg-e, cue entirely to the rejuven-
ating influences ot Dr. Miles' Ner»ine.
It brings sleep awd rest when nothing
else wiil, ana gives strength and vital-
ity even to one of my old age."
1 am an o'id soldier," writes Mr. Geo.
Watsoa, of Newton, la, "acd I hare
been a great sufferer from Ptrvonsnen,
vertipo and spinal trouble. Haye spent
considerable money for rr.edicine and -
doctors, but with little benefit * I was
so bad my mind showed sijms or weak-
ness. I beuantakincD^. Miles' Nervine,
and I know it saved n:v life."
m^s- Nervine
Saved me from the insane asy-
!cm," Mrs. A. M. Heifner, of Jerico
Springs, Mo, writes. "I was so nerv-
ous that I could scarcely control my-
iclf, could not sleep nor rest, would even
forget the names of my own children at
limes. I 'joinniencea using Dr. Miles'
Nervine and it helped me from the
first, and now I am perfectly well."
Sold by mil Druggist* on Guarantee.
Or. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.When the gun aboard the committee bnat
was fired to call attention to the signal
declaring tne race off, the American yacht
was PtiU live miles from the finish line.
The Shamrock was well astern of her. iho
expi'ith trftimatinjj her distance behind
the Columbia at over three-quarters of a
mile.
Thomas Lipton's second chal
lenger, the Shamrock II, and the Colum
bia, which successfully defended the
America's cup against his , tirst tropliy
hunter two years ago, struggle for tne
yachtir.g supremacy of the world, in the
first of the cup races of 1901. But the ex
cursion lleet returned disappointed. Tha
great single stickers went out this morn
ing fresh for the battle, but the sea re
fused them a field of conflict. The wind,
never more than nine and sometimes as
low as three knots, was too light and
ehifty to carry the contestants over the
thirty-mile course In the time allotted by
the rules. At the end of five and a half
hours, the prescribed time, the race was
ofllcially declared off and the yachts were
towed back to their berths inside Sandy
Hook.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— One of the
biggest crowds that ever put to
sea. went down to Sanay Hook
lightship tc-day to witness Sir
It was directly off Long Beach Hotel,
with }ts crowded piazzas, that the Sham
rock showed In front for tlie first and only
time during the race. As the wind had
hauled more to • the southward and had
died down somewhat Charley Barr headed
the Columbia off shore in. the hope of
meeting it. Instead he poked his nose
into a dead calm, and for some minutes
the Columbia lay with her sails flapping
while the Shamrock, catching a slant of
wind nearer shore, drew rapidly ahead
But the victory was shortlived. The cant
of the wind to the southward held and
freshened to about six knots, making it
from this point a close-hauled reach to
tho mark. The Columbia rapidly over-
In tlm hollow of this anglo as if on n
fence corner thcro was no moro interfer
ence with tho yuchtB thnn If they had
been Balling In tin- mlddlo of the Atlantic,
whllo behind tho fence on either side were
the solid, lloatlng, moving' lines of careen
ing hullp, rail to rail, their Rtnoklng stacks
making a black wall abovo them. On Into
tho bucking seas tho yachts went, npurt
ing great gcyoors from tholr sharkllko
bows. Tho American was undoubtedly
the prettier boat. Her skyscraplng club
topsail was not so hlgb by eight feet as
that of her rival, but she appeared more
stately and graceful, tiho seemed a thing
of life, lifting. to tho suas with loss effort
or piercing them with less fuss, whllo tho
heavier-breasted Shamrock pointed and
shivered thorn with the force of her Im
pact. The slender hulls of the' racing ma
chines looked too frail to carry tho canvas
which towered above them. About 150 feet
abovo the water line, a height equal to a
modern ten-story building, the slender
topmast of tho Shamrock lifted her pyra
mid of canvas, but her 833 square feet
more of. canvas than the Columbia car
ried could - not make her overtake the
white beauty.
Into 'the Bucking Seas.
At flve minutes before 11 o'clock the pre
paratory signal for the race was given.
Then began the Jockeying behind the line,
of which Charles Barr, the American
skipper, has proved himself so many
times a grand master. And the skill he
dispRiyed to-day was enough to warm the
cockles of those who saw it. He got Into
the windward berth, and try as the Eng
lishman would he could not shake him olf-.
As the red. ball which marked the warn
ing signal was hoisted ten minutes later
the English skipper, in despair, put up
his tiller, crossed the line and tacked
about the lightship, but tho Colombia
hung to him as if one tiller were answer
ing for both and when they again raced
for the line it was like two thoroughbred
horses neck and neck. But Barr was* still
to windward. The fascinating game tho
two eklppern were fighting was so intenue
that .both miscalculated the time and
crossed the lino thirty seconds beforo the
starting gun* was fired.
They wero recalled. Coming up again
they fled away across tho line, both on the
fftarboard tack, but Columbia half a
length in tho lead and a length to wind
ward. Hoth carried tho same nails, main,
club topnall, stay, Jib and baby jib. Tho
eight niml" tlm pulses of tha spectator
tingle with delight. Thon for ton tnll<-.s
down tha Long Inland shore, in plain view
of the pooplo there, the two big single
mIHut* HirutKlii'd into tha head h-ihi, Hunfl.
ins »i>ray nmuklnK to the erons-trenH.
Strain an tln< tihamrock would, nli<> could
not hold her white rival nven.' Blowly
but Kuri'iy tho Columbia forged tthenri,
pointing higher and footing famcr. Tho
Mlmntrock inched and taaltod hkmIii, but
thn Columbia wrmt nbout with tier fuch
time nnd nppenrcd to bn morn nimble.
Tlmud nitiiln and nunln by tho experts Mho
whh <iulcK<r In HtnyM by ten second*. Thu
Ix'nt down ih«» l-'iiur Inland count mndu a
beautiful mitrlnn *pnctuclc. Thn pntrol
n>«'t, under the direction of Captain Wai
ktr of tho rnvpiitio uuttnr *orvlcc, main
tnlnt'd n perfectly clour Hold. Half a mllo
of rcvenuu cuttcrD nnd ynchts nt nn nnuln
of four points from each sldo of tho
courpo formed a rluht iuii;lc>, chunglng
direction «» tho yacht* tacked.
Preparatory Signal. Given.
spread. The white revenue cutters and
yachts, of the patrol fleet, each with the
vertically striped revenue flag at the fore
peak, marshaled the excursion fleet be
hind the line. Shortly before 11 o'clock a
repatta committee tug measured off the
200 yards starting line from the ship and
signaled that the course would be east
by north, fifteen miles straight into the
eye of the Wind and return, and another
big tug started toward the Long Island
shore to set the outer mark.
Captain Barr and His Yankee Crew Out
jockeys British Yachtsmen and Is Leading
Homeward When Time Limit Expires
SHAMROCK II, SIR' THOMAS UPTON'S NEW AMERICA'S CUP CHALLENGER, CROSSING THE LINE AT THE START OF THE , RACE.
'Wasp McKinley number. Second edition now
on sale. . New, pictures added.. . .. ¦ •
- A Jury: in Judge Hunt's court rendered
a decision for $500 damages 'against the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday aft
ernoon In tho Bult Instituted by Jklartha
A.iLangford. • Mrs. Longford was hurt at
Sacramento by being thrown down
through, her dress getting caught on a bolt
projecting -from the platform' of. a car
owned by the railroad company.
Southern Pacific Loses Suit.
self.' The real excitement became evident
as the last, hour arrived with the boats
still ten miles to go. For once the phle-;
matlc Knsiishmen who apostrophized
the former drifting matches in uncompli
mentary terms openly expressed a wlah
that the wind would die out, making It
"no. race."
"Lipton simply must win this time."
said an enthusaist, "otherwise there will
be no more races."
The only consolation was that the tlmo
limit prevented tha Columbia from scor
ing first trick, but none the less the hope
of the Shamrock II's adherents hovercl
around zero mark when the tlrst day'a
race was declared to be another flzsle.
COLUMBIA THE rAVORITE.
Plenty of Money Is Wagered on the
Cup Defender.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— Numerous W»«>
ers on the yacht races were reported In
Stock Exchange circles to-day. Most of
these wero at odds of 8 to 10 on tho
Columbia, but as good as 10 to 7 was of
fered at times. No very large bets wera
announced, although Columbia money 13
offered in almost any amount. One brok
erage firm offered to wa.srer any part of
J40CO even that the Shamrock would nni^
win two racerf* of tho series. About $4*i"v>
was placed on .the Columbia at 5 to 3'.
Most of this mrtney was taken in $100 anil
$200 lots. One broker said he hail t>
bet even against Shamrock's winning two
of the nice*. On the curb as eoed as 1')
to 6 1-2 was offered on Columbia with no
takers.
BALLOT BOX IS NOT
NECESSARY TO WOMAtf
Josephine Edt7ards-Capw«U Says
They Can Wield Qreot Influ-,
•enco Without It.
Jo«f>ph!ne LMwnr.ln-«\tpwHl of Pied
mont r«>nd nn Intrrrattittt pitper Wsdnf*
«lny afternoon beforo the Forum Club of
thin rlty on "Womnn'i Work In th»
World's Prosresn." In tho enurxtt of hor
rnmurka nho said: "1 nerd go no further
bnck thnn to Nancy McKinley. the mother
of our Into Prcntdent, for my Inspiration
nnd Illuiitratlon. for It was nho that g:iv*
birth nnd training to th«» man— th« perfect
man— In nil tho virtues thnt men anil
women can but ndmlro nnd respect.
'Is It not n fact thnt famous men a!
.most invnrlahly give tho credit ot thHr
fnme— nuccesnful men— thctv success t'»
some woman, mother, wife or maybe a
woman thnt ha» been loved only from
nfar? Music and poetry, deeds of darln*.
of chivalry, of Chrlstfttnlty. of charity.
nil the refining and gentle Influence* pCi
life, are controlled by man's companion.^
And there Is no need of the ballot-box, in
my mind, to enable the genuine woman t<>
Influence government affairs— affairs of
state.
The Duke of Newcastle ls one of th»
few Englishmen who itlll dln« to tricy
cling. He rides a machine made in this
country.^
LONDON^ Sept.' 26.— The" hope that
springs eternal certainly reigned
supreme in London to-day. From
the : - frequent repetition of optl-
mistic forecasts everybody bas
come to regard it as a foregone conclusion
that the Shamrock II will romp In ahead
of its rival. Preparations for the recep
tion of the news of the race were serious
ly handicapped, owing to poltce regula
tions. In order to prevent crowds on side
walks, a new police order 'forbade a dis
play of bulletins in newspaper office win
dows, or an exhibition of a stereopticon,
such as was made on the Thames em
bankment at the last race.
One paper arranged to send up balloons
at the -Crystal and Alexandria palac^3,
with greon and red light, signifying the
Shamrock, and the. Columbia. When tho
tlrst bulletins gave notice that the Colum
bia, though handicapped at the start,
quickly overtook the challenger, interest
buffered a severe shock.
This however, Bpeedily gave placo to
confidence on a few of the next bulletins
announcing that the Shamrock was
breasting ahead. Women as well as men
wagered on the result, patriotism displac
ing Judgment, as.was anov/n by the num
ber of bets in favor of tho Shamrock JI.
oven when bulletins announced thu
Columbia to bo ahead.
Mndo Agninit "Sir
Harry.""
Now a Chnrpce of Sigamy Will Bj
NORINE SCHNEIDER'S
MARRIAGE ANNULLED
At the Temple Yacht Club Association
at the Cecil Hotel a larjje attendance
awaltud tho bulletins, various sub
terfuge* wero resorted to by the press.
Meanwhile- hotel firur<sts. Beelne the rival
ry of the press bulletins, trow aa much
Interested an in tho result of the race It-
JudRfl EMoftH Annulled th# mfirrlnfffl of
Norlna BehneldPr-ChadwlcU und "Blr"
Hnrry Wentwood Coopor,'" aUmi Ernent
Moore Chttdwlck, ypntcrday, nnd tho pret
ty llttlo Crockett girl In once again free.
NiH-iiiK took tha Htnnd nhcrtly After 2
o'clock nnd In nn«wer to the questions
propounded by her attorney told of tho
marriage thnt took placo nt Crockett
Kobrunry 2.1. 1901. Dcrtha Ethol Young,
tho first wife of the schemer,' told of hav
ing been wrdded to tho "Hlr". Hnrry nt
Hrlsbnne In November, ISM. nnd that to
thn. ln'Kt of her knowledge and belief she
was still hlB wife. y
Captain Seymour has definitely derided
to nsk tho Ornnd Jury to Indict "Blr"
Hairy Westwood Cooper, alias "Dr."
Krnest. Mooro Chadwlck. on , charges of
bigamy and perjury. Mies Bertha Young
of", Urtsbnnc, Australia, whom Cooper
irmrrlfl In 1SD6. nnd her mother will bo
ki-pt hero till the trial for bigamy U con
cluded. Cooper 1b charged with perjury
frv swearing that he wroto certain tele
grams In his cell at Ogden, In which ho
was flatly contradicted by. Detective Pen
dcr at the trial Wednesday. Besides this
he has yet to stand trial for perjury com
mltted««t the previous forgery trial.
To sum up to-day's performance of the
two yachts. It may be • said that In light
weather such as prevailed- to-day the
Shamrock proved to be no match for the
Columbia. What she may accomplish
with a good wind remains to be seen.
Slow in Sail Setting. .
The Shamrock made a very good turn,
but was quite Blow in setting her Jib top
nail, which was one of the variety known
as "reachln«c" sails nnd not a-ballooneV.
It was excellent Judgment on the part of
the experts on the Shamrock to set this
sail, for the wind headed tho Columbia
soon after, making it a rather close reach
to the home mark, and rendering It neces
sary to take In the ballooncr and replace
it with one similar to that on the Sham
rock.
The official time at the outer mark fol
lows:
Columbia, 3:05:32.
Shamrock, 3:12:47. '
The wind continued so light and no
signs of breezing up that it /became clear
that the race could' not be concluded
within the time limit of five and a half
hours. No incident worth recording oc
curred until 4:40; when the regatta com
mittee declared the race off. The Colum
bia was at this time about five miles dis
tant from the Sandy Hook lightship.- The
Shamrock was a good three-quarters of a
mile astern. s •
Merry Breeze Pipes Up.
The breeze piped up a little merrier and
under, its Influence the Columbia crawled
up on her rival, and after a few more
tacks wim once more ahead of the Scotch
built bont. It waB a great piece of eea
Joekeyinsr on tho part of Barr to make up
this leewny, and it was generally reKiird
ecl nti bMnK admirably done. About 1:20
thfc wind shifted from emm-by-north to
past-BQuthenHt, which enabled the yachts
to point up protty nearly their fluo courna
to thQ «wt°r mark, which wan anchored
about <lve miles south of Jones inlet.
n«nr Kant Rockawny.. At 1:23 both era ft
took th« hitch to ntnrbOBrd, nnd at 1:31
th«.y went on tho port tft«k n«nln «nd on
the Btarboard taclc ut 1:37, Btundlng on
this lea about twenty mlnuten, when thny 1
wont nbout until th^y mH<l«» suifl of fetch
ing the murk on th* itnrbnnril tneU.
At 2 o'clrtflk thfl Hhttmrofik took In hor
jll> topwill nnd Mt«t one ttllghtly lurnor and
of more Blyllsh out. It wim ii cinUHtt ot
wonder to tho ynohtlnir oxportu why the
Hplenrtlil mtllM of thn Hhnmrook with thtiir
Krjhnter nrjur of mirfucn wort! not morn
tiffttctlvn. Thn ennvuH »««t on tho Colum
b rj hnd connlrturnbly lr«» unread, but It
did excellent .work. At 2:43 tho mark wn«
In .Plnln »lKht of tho imicpd eye ami tho
Columbia. Incrcnuins: luir lead ovpry mln
utp. wan hpndinK BtralRht for it. When
clovs to It. tho llttlp Jib topsail was hiiulcd
down nnd ti big bulloonor nont up In Btops
to replace It. .
At 3:05:32 tho Columbia tacked around"
the Htnkc-hout, nnd I'n.xltu; awny her
nmlnehcot and breaking out her balloon
Jib topeail wbs steadied on her homeward
course for Snndy Hook Ughtahlp. She
made the beat of tha scanty wind, and
with snllB perfectly trimmed steered for
the goal.
At 1 o'clock both yachts wore again on
¦ e w P , orU ' tncki wlth tne Columbia a good
eighth of a mile to leeward.
rolled in the lumpy sea. Strange to say,
while was happening the Shamrock
seemed to have a nice little breeze of her
own. Both yachts then tacked, and hero
it may be said that -when one boat went
about the other followed Its example, ex
cept at I2:47,when the Shamrock went on
the starboard tack and the Columbia
w, d J^ follow her. Captain Barr prob
ably did this in the expectation that the
breeze must come in more from the south
8 ls qulte frequently the case in
the afternoon in this vicinity. But instead
of a breeze the Columbia fell into the
flattest of flat calms, while the Shamrock
?£ s J ? iU J< i. yl , ne J lhe advantage of a gentle
air which had a great deal of propulsive
power. Thus for the first and only time
boat Tk ~ C<i Shamrock was the leading
' K. II. Slorean said: ".Naturally 1 nu: dlnappointed that there was no race. The Columbia' trot a.
kooiI start, but the other boat may getthe lead next time. I am grreatly pleased by the -work of Cap
tain Ilarr and crew. The fluky wind wnu the cause of the failure of the race. It did not elve the boats
a fair trial." •>. '
NKA\ 1ORK, Sept. 20.— -The yacht owner* have little to nay o* the first contest. Sir Thomaa Lln
ton said: "The ivlnd was no erratic that one could not judire the relative meritn of the boats
I nm well- natliifled the nbo^vtng: the Shamrock made and hope for better weather on Satur
day. The eoniest promises to be a srt-at «nc, l(«t l ainfconndcnt that Captain Sycamore and hia
men Trill prove their ability during the races." ¦¦ ' » : ¦ . , . .
MANAGERS BLAME THE FLUKY WIND.
Enthusiasts and Backers of Lipton in London
Experience Shock and Are Disappointed
at the Failure of the First Race of Series
FAILURE OF THEWIND PREVENTS THE DEFENDER COLUMBIA
FROM WINNING THE FIRST RACE FOR THE AMERICA'S CUP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1901.
Captain Sjcnmorc of the
SluiiiirnrU II Maldi "The bontn
flld not biive n fnlr trial on
account of tho fluky »wlnd.
Of eoiirno I ' kept my oyei»
open to cMdiuiitc the eupnbll
itleN of tlie rlvnla, lint I inn
not prepared to innkn itny
Ntntnnieiit nn to thnli' oom
pnradvu mei'ltH."
chary. of criticizing
their rivals. Captain Ilarr
•nyiM "It ,wni not n fnlr tent
of the boat*. I wn» mo li..ny
on tlic Columbia Hint I could
not criticize- tlie Shamrock.
The erratic wind wan tho
chief difficulty. Did I learn
nnythlne new about the Co
lumbia t - "We nlrendy know
all ohont her." '
NEW YORK, Sept. 20.—
The captains of the
coiupetinff yncht* are
CAPTAINS DO
NOT CRITICIZE
THEIR RIVALS
At 11:43 both yachts went on the star
board tack.' The • little extra- puff only
lasted a few minutes and then It began
to die away.;; At 12:15' the yachts went on
tho port tack,. which they held until 12:33.
at which .time ' the Columbia • was almost
becalmed, her mainsail. slapping as she
,• The challenger, went on the port tack
Just- after- crossing and the defender fol
lowed her example. ¦ In order to get free
from tho back wind of her antagonist,
which was retarding her considerably, the
Shamrock was kept' broad off the s wind,
and she speedily worked clear of her rival,
going through the water very fast. The
Columbia held her. luff, and It was noticed
that when 'the two were close hauled the
American yacht -pointed higher than the
challenger. At this time the wind fresh
ened a little. The; Shamrock went about
on the starboard, tack at 11:18. The Co
lumbia also- tacked. - The American boat
is quicker in stays and gathers way fast
er than the' Shamrock. At 11:35 the Co
lumbia went on the port tack arid crossed
the bows of the. Shamrock a good 300
yards. in the lead. This was quite encour
aging -to -the admirers of the -American
yacht,, who had begun to -fear, lor, their
favorite ' when they : saw how fast the
Shamrock footed when kept oft the. wind
with a clean field. . '. '
Goes on Port Tnck.
Mini noon a i trliiK of hIkhhIh wan dlHnlayort
rlgnlfylng that tho rourmt would bu c-uiit
by north ilfi«»,<n imIIi-m to wlntUvnrd unit
return. The preparatory gun wim flrpil «t
lOifin, (tnd from that moinnnt I ho yaoht"
wpro iimonuttlQ to tho rtilon of tho New
York Ynoht Club. Tho wind was right
lc tit it h. Tha woalhor whh root nnd tlm nt
moitphoro olcar. Ton mlnutm later tho
warning gun wnu Jlrod, and It wns then
initt th« two rncorn eamo Into nlono prux*
linlty and I -••km n to Jockey for the woathcr
berth lit tho ttliirt. liitby Jib tnimiillH worn
holHted in titona on both cruft. Coptnln
Sycamoro hold the tiller of tho Shamrock,
with William JarnoHon boflldo lilm. AJarr
was at tho wheel of the Columbia. He
placed the cup defender to tho windward
of tho chnllenpt'r and kopt her there In
spite of hlB opponent's efforts to got clear.
Tho' Columbia on tho port tack crosnod
the bow of tho Shamrock and then, tacked
and stood for the line. Both skippers
were in such a hurry that they crossed
beforo tho starting gun whs fired. They
wen? recalled by three Khort blasts from
tho whistle of the committee boat.,. Both
then' woro around, and immediately after
the gun. had Hounded the, Columbia, on
tho starboard tack, crossed the line
ahead,, to windward of the Shamrqck..The
official. timo was: ' • . <>'.• *
Columbia, 11:10:49. ¦ ...
Shamrock. 11:11:01.
Only one dollar via California/ North
western Railway ¦ to. visit Street Fair at
Santa Rosa on Saturday, Sept. 28. Leave
Tiburcn ferry at 7:30 and 9:00 a, m.; arrive
on the return 6:20 p. m. •
Tho Columbia was first- to reach the
scene of the start, being towed from her
moorings out to Sandy Hook lightship.
Her mainsail was set, but it took her
skipper some time to decide what sized
gaff topsail to send aloft. The breeze at
10 o'clock was blowing about ten knots an
hour from east-northeast, and ' it then
looked as though it must Increase.' At
last it was decided to set the biggest club
topsail aboard,' and a' very pretty, sail it
was when mastheaded and sheeted; .The
Columbia took quite kindly to the swell
that rolled in from the sea. She 'made
several tacks around the lightship before
her rival appeared on the scene.
The Shamrock, with her -mainsail and
big club topsail hoisted and her headsails
set -in stops, passed out "by the point of
the Hook In tow. It waB noticed that she
splashed the water about considerably
and pitched heavily In; the long ground
swell. About half-way out to Sandy Hook
lightship the towline was cast off and the
headsails "were broken out. Her canvas
sot admirably. Never was a finer set of
sails seen on a cup challenger. ¦ • -. -. •
The ocean tu? Navigator, which carried
S. N. Kane, Chester Griswold^and New
berry D. Lawton, the regatta committee,
anchored to the southward of the light
ship,, marking the . extremity of the fine,'
First at tho Start.
. Captain Barr of the Columbia was non
committal. When asked if tho Columbia
did as well as he expected he replied:- . -
"I have nothing to say about her." • .
The story of the. race as it progressed
tack by tack, with all the maneuvers that
make a yachting contest, follows:
J'i. D. Morgan of the Columbia said;
*>Tho Columbia did very well under the
circumstances. We inn. do a good start,
but of course the other boat may be more
fortunnto next time."
The Kngllshman tried half a dozen head
sails in the hope of improving his posi
tion, but tho American forged steadily
ahead. Then tho wind, which had been
neven knots at tho stukehont, gradually
died down, and on hour before tho tlma
limit expired it whh evident that the
yachts could not finish In time. The com
mlttpa boat finally holated Hlgnnlu declar
ing "No race" uod the big excurnion fleet
liriuWl back for Now ' York. Only the
Htcutm yacht Krin, with fllr Thomas nnd
hin party alumni, remained nlongHldn, tha
challenger and eucorted her to her an
ehoruffe. ¦ , ¦ ' •».
Under tho rulra tho unflnUhert rnco will
]"> ri'Hiillt'd on Saturday unrt tho counts
will ltd nRiiln fifti'tMi mil"* to windward
unrt loewnrrt iui<1 roturn. .
When »een after tho race Blr Thomas
mi lil: > '
"Jt wan not n fmtlnfimtory rnco, nrcAuso
(ho wind wan no erratic f hope wo nhuii
liiivo til-tier luck n.'xl tltno. A rncu Hulled
on Mii-ii it day, If it oun ho Untuned at till,
di){inndn upon tho lucky cluinco poMition
nit to wliniM of onn limit or I In- othnr. I
wan iujvit moro hopeful of tho Bhnmrook
than 1 am now. . I nm ooiniii.-ni i Hhaii
Bet iho cup. 1 Imvn nov^r noen rtiiy moro
Bklllful hiinriiiiu; of ii limit tiiim w/in
ulii i w n by < 'ii pi ii In lin rr of tho Columbiu
to-day. Tho Hhamrock, too, was well
mniiuKGil, All the arrungnmcntH for hand
ling the yiu-lilM nml Hti-nmiMH at tlin courses,
hnvn been perfectly nntlnfoctory."
MimiiKcr Jameson milil:
"1 am both surprised and pleased at the
excellent munncT In which tho courso was
kept clear. Tho day was a poor one for
racing on account of tho flukes."
PoKignor Watson said: • . :,, .• • ,
"I om very well satisfied with what the
bont did 'to-day.
American Forges Ahead.
took her adversary and Captain Sycamore
desperation concluded to press on more
canvas by trying a larger jib topsail.
While the sailors were out on the bow
sprit, taking in the old and bending on
the larger sails, the Columbia wentvby the
Shamrock as if she had been moored to
the dock, making two feet to her one.
From that time to the outer mark the Co
lumbia gained steadily. As she -came
alongside the turning point, leaving' the
mark on the starboard hand, Barr put his
helm hard down and luffed around it.
Then she filled away. Her great balloon
jib broke out like a puff of smoke., her
boom was eased off and she was away for
homo on a broad ! reach. The bands
crashed, the whistles blew and the crowd
aboard the excursion fleet cheered. The
fleet courteously waited until tho Sham
rock rounded seven minutes and four sec
onds later, and gave her a cordial recep
tion. From that time on it was a proces-
Eion, not o race.
The day had promised well at first. A
strong northeast wind had been blowing
for two days and the weather prophets
had offered assurance that it would hold.
It had piled up what the pallors call n
nasty lump sea outside and before the
race began wan whipping the foam 'off
the crests of the waves. A heavy haze
which hung over the bay had blown away
the bright sunlight which gilded the
crinkling water Into glory.
The procession that Bailed out of New
York harbor anticipated a fine day's
sport. So numerous were the • various
kinds of craft that they seemed to fill the
broad expanse of ocean between the Long
Island and Jersey shores as with a count
less fleet. They Included palatial steam
yachts, Etcamers and excursion boats
tilled tier above tier with people, snub
nosed tugs, pfcnlc barges and numerous
other craft.
Conspicuous among the yachts were J.
P. Morgan's Corsair, P. W. Vanderbllffl
Conqueror, Cornelius Vanderbilt's Mirage,
Howard Gould's Niagara, John Jacob'As
tor's Nourmahal and August ¦ Belmont't
Stout, each flying the New York Yacht
Club's pennant. >
The big racers had already been towed
out and when the fleet arrlved.the pol
ished bronze hull of the Shamrock, gleam
in* and glistening in the brilliant sun,
made her look like a craft of gold, a yel
low breasted gull with white pinions
Great Marino Procession.
Jn windward work the Columbia beat
th« foiflBmi* frvm minute* and flftoen
n'cninir in the outer mark, wnd lncrt>atu<4
her lead numt-what In th« broad rtuch
for home, wiul. td«- t-r t wad tiiir>nUt<: u
i<<ry. the yachting *harp» who have »rt?n
rktjitU'Hl up to tlilH tim# at* to thu jibllliy
of tin- Columltln to nurceiwfully defuitd
the cup tin- mi in- tumiiiiiii to-night ihit
it wilt rrmuln on t hit* »•;•"¦• of tha Atlantic
v«-t * whllp iniiKcr. Ortalnly tho Colum
i'irt'K mpi rloriiy in Hunt aim uppeui» to
h«v* been ili'iiiiiiirinitcil today. Thn
Khnmiock II did not. in fact, mukn n*
rood a showing nx «ild I<l]iton't> firm cbtil
lmc< r it) the half iiuKi-M Muki'K Unit pre
ceded thp nciuiil rncpn two vram Alto.
What tin* Blmmmck mny hr able tn <l> in
hcuvv we«th«T In. of course, problematic
ml. but tin- Columbia >imh bn-n tried nml
oil her admirers innlHt thnt sho In Uln
tlnctly n heavy wnit her boat.
Two yearn ago Hlr Thomas' prayer wns
for wind, but when he got a umaHhlrig
twenty-five knot Rale in tho laKt race the
Columbia'* victory wns ovon more decis
ive than tn the firm. Blnco then tho
Columbia'* ability In heavy weather has
been proven nmiln and mcnin. The harder
It blown the farstcr she. goes and the bc'.tcr
rhe behaves. ]t Is not strange, therefore,
that the patriotic rklppcru and spectators
who wtnt down to Sandy Hook this morn
ing with mliiglvlngs returned to-night re
assured and utrongly dlsnorcd to wagrr
that the pretty wreath or tho shamrock
and white heather from the oldest yacht
club In the world, which Sir Thomas is
treasuring: in the cabin of his champion,
will prove no mascot after all.
Americana h*ve reaeon 10 congratulate
thtranelvcn upon the result of the first
trial. The yacht which carried J. 1*. Mar
can'* private t-.iKnni, a black pennant wiih
& yellow Maltese croen, to victory
,\ fins iifu whk in adi-.i but once In the
twenty-nve mil™ covered, and thon th.»
KmrllKhmnn nhoxv«-d ihu way for only live
xninutM.
Columbia the Better Boat.
4
jjj||u"**i^^/ i v i i Isss you can buy a
SfjSigSS; WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO.. S^SfrVesuvius Again Active.
NAPLES, Sept. 28.— Mount Vesuvius is
In eruption,
REDWOOD CITY, Sept. 26.-Harry
Hammfl, who a few weeks ago pleaded
guilty to burglarizing the San Mateo
postofflce nnd who was convicted by a
juryMast Monday of attempting to break
Jail, was sentenced this morning by Judge
Buck to twenty-five years at San Quen
tin. Although Hammel Is but 28 years
old he has already served two terms in
the State prison.
Twenty-Five Years for Hammel.
PARIS, Sept. 26.— The Patrie to-day
prints a sensational story to the effect
that a conflict has broken out between
Great Britain and Turkey, saying that
three British war vessels have been or
dered to the Persian Gulf to suppress
revolts at Touet, In the British province
of Bagdad, and that the Turkish Gov
ernment has dispatched a strong detach
ment of troops with Instructions to op
pose the landing of Vhe British forces.
Russia, Germany and France, the paper
also eaye, have agreed to pupport Turkey.
Touet. In the Patrie story. Is evidently
Koweyt,- the proposed terminus of the
Bagdad Railroad. lf\* the only port on
the Pcrclan Gulf having a good harbor.
>Conflict Between Turkey
and England Said to \
r Be Imminent.
Need pretty frames, as a lovely girl needs
a pretty dress. We invite you to call on
us and see all the season's prettiest de
signs. Shapes and finishes were never
more artistically unique. You should see
our imported novelties In small gilt metal
photo frames. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
Beautiful Pictures
HEW WAR STORY
ALARMS EUROPE
District Attorney Penney said:
"If your Honor please, I move sentence
In the case of the people versus L«eon K.
Czoljrosz. Stand up. Czolgosz."
Clerk. Fisher swore the prisoner and his
record was taken by the District Attor
ney, as follows: Age. 28 years; nativity,
Detroit: residence. Broadway, Nowak'a.
Buffalo; occupation, laborer; married or
single, single; degree of education, com
mon school and parochial; religious In
struction. Catholic; parents, father liv
ing, mother dead; temperate or Intemper
ate.: . temperate; former conviction of
crime, none.
The clerk of the court then asked:
"Have you any legal cause to show why
sentence of the court should not now be
pronounced against you?"
"I cannot hear that," replied the pris
oner.
Assassin and His Record.
At this point ex-Judge Tltun came over
to the prisoner and bade him good-by.
CzolgoK replied very faintly, letting his
eyes re«t upon the man who had been his
counsel.
"Good-bj'," ho Maid, weakly.
CzolgoK was then hurried downstairs
nnd .'through the "tunnel of sobs" to tho
Jail, where he will remain until removed
to Auburn to pay tha penalty for hla
crime.
Although the time announced for con
vening the court was 2 o'clock, every seat
and every foot of standing room was oc
cuplrd before I o'clock and iicores were
clamoring out*lde for admission. The
doors were locked and no more were ad
mitted to the room.
The prisoner wng taken Into the room
nt five minutes after 2. Five minutes later
Justice White took his place upon the
bench. As soon as Justice White as
sumed the bench, Crier Hess said:
"Pursuant to a recess, this Supreme
Court Is now open for the transaction of
business."
Sr.ya Good-by Weakly.
BUFFALO. Sept. 26.-Leon F. Czol- I
gosz, the assassin of President
McKir.ley, was this afternoon
sentenced to be electrocuted in ¦
Auburn State prison during the
week beginning October 2S, 1901. Before
centence was pronounced the assassin
evinced a desire to speak, but he could
not get hie voice above a whisper, and
his words were repeated to the court by
his counsel.
. ."There was no one else but me." the
prisoner Bald, In a whisper. "Xo one else
told me to do It and no one paid me to
do It. I was not told anything about tho
crime and I never thought anything about
It until a couple of days before I commit
ted the crime."
Czolgosa eat down. He was quite calm,
but It waa evident that his mind was
flooded with thoushts of his own distress.
His eyes were dilated, making them ap
pear very bright. His checks were a trifle
pale and his outstretched hand trembled.
The cuards put the handcuffs on his
wrists. lie looked at one of the officers.
There was an expression of the profound
ost fear and helplessness In his eyes. He
planeed about at the people who crowded
the room ;ln effort* to eet a look at him.
The prisoner's eyelids rose and fell trem
ulously and then he fixed his gaze upon
the floor in front of him.
Inquiries made in official quarters here
elicited an emphatic denial that there
was any such agreement between Ger
many. Russia and France as Is referred
to by the Patrie, and no confirmation
was obtainable regarding the alleged
alarming situation, which is evidently
built on the fact that three British war
ships happened to be at Koweyt and that
it is reported the British are encouraging
the local Sultan to repudiate Turkish
suzerainty. /
"In taking the life of our beloved Pres
ident you committed a crime which
shocked and outraged the moral sense of
the civilized world. You have confessed
Then Justice White passed sentenco as
follows:
Sentence Is Imposed.
"He never told any one about the crime
and never Intended to commit it until
a couple of days before Its commission."
Titus again repeated as follows:
"I was not told anything about that
crime and I never thought anything
about the murder until a couple of days
before I committed the crime."
"Owing to tho prisoner's feeble voice
he says no one had anything to do with
the commission of his crime but himself;
that his father and mother and no one
else had anything to do with and knew
nothing about It."
The prisoner continued:
TH us repeated It as follows:
"There was no one else but me. No one
else told me to do it and no ono paid
me to do it."
The prisoner said:
From the court— Certainly, if that Is the
object of any statement he wishes to
make proceed.
"1 have nothing to say within the defi
nition of what your Honor has read," re
plied the attorney, "but it seems to me in
order that the innocent should not suffer
by this defendant's crime tho court should
permit him to exculpate at least hid
father, brother and sisters." — ~.
JuHtlco White then Raid:
"Have you (¦ncaklntr to Titus) anything
to say In behalf of the prisoner at this
time? *
"Yes," r<-p]|p 1 the prisoner.
"I think he should no permitted to mako
a statement In exculpation of his act If
tin' court 'plcnso." suld ex-Judge Titus.
Tho court replied:
"That will depend upon what his state
nii'iit Is."
Acted All by Himself.
The prisoner did not reply, and Justice
White, addressing tho prisoner, said:
"In that behalf, what you have a right
to say relates explicitly to the subject In
hand here at this time and which the law
provides, why sentence should not be now
pronounced against you, and Is defined by
the statute. The ilrst is that you may
claim that you are Insane; the next Is
that you have Rood cause to offer either
in arrest of the Judgment about to be pro
nounced against you or for a new trial.
Thoso are the grounds speclllcd by the
statute on which you have a right to
speak at this time, and you arc at perfect
liberty to do so If you wish."
The prisoner replied:
"I have nothing to say about that."
The court naid:
"Are you ready?"
Penney replied:
"Yes.
"Have you anything to say?" asked Jus
tice White.
At this point Justice White told those
in the courtroom that they must be quiet
or they would be excluded from the room.
Penney then said to the prisoner:
•'Czolgosz. the court wants to know If
you have any reason to give why sentence
Fhould not be pronounced against you.
Have you anything to say to the Judge?
Say yes or no."
Clerk Fisher repeated his question and
Czolgosz replied:
"I would rather have this gentleman
here. speak," looking: toward District At
torney Penney. "I can hear him better."
Tll« Oflilmil Utilo tUiiefibcnclii I'iiIiIIch
CiunuMiiyn* Hniil'riuiplBCo, OpdunUud
6«ptfmbep, I8OO1 Drawing ffptembep
80i 1001 ¦
N§, 8244 wing IroMifQld In, Ban ifFanfllsea,
e,Rl.i Ni.MIIjvlniilwjO, ¦eldjii Han
elBCo. Gftiti No. 114IHL wins |J8eii, goln In
Man 1'Fa.jefep©, GaT. Noii.filBl, M, 64449
ta Bfid iwSj m«h win 1185, §eld lh dm
NKW YOniC, Bopt. 28.— Tho following
Calif ornlnna ara In Now York: Krom Htm
Kronolsco-'C. Hnumgnrtncr, nt tho Wcat*
mlnstori J. .Crlllny, nt tho Astor; M.
Kohn nnd J. IJunr, nt tha llnrald BrjitRro;
IS. K. Clark nnd wife, nt tho JUnrl
borough; W. M, Ifldffntt, fit tho Murray
HIM; E. IS. KIHh, at tha Bturtovant; l<\
I). Hutting nnd wife, at tha Morton; J,
Hymnn nnd wife, at the l'lnza; 1<\ D.
Mnrah and wlf«, nt the Union Square;
Mrs. M. 11. Btartman, at tho Grand; II.
F. Walter, at tha Qrand Union,
From Sacramento— W, II, Henderson, nt
tho Kensington; Mrs. V\ Lymnn, Mrs,
litindertion, nt the Continental; J, NlohoU
pon, »t the Criterion; A. J, I'arnmer and
wlfo, at the Victoria, •
From I<os AngeUm— J, H. Anrtarson, at
tha fit, JienlBl fl, H, Savell and wife at
tho Murray Hill,
From San Jape^O, F, Smith,
at the vanriome,
Californium in Now York.
Only one dollar via California North
western Kniiwny to vlMtt Street Fair at
Hiiiiln itomi on Hntiirdny, Bept. 2«. Leave
Tlburon ferry nt 7:30 und 0:00 n, m.j urrlvd
Dii tho return 0:20 p, m, •
.^uf,, 11 "/ 1 ,* Mexican vaquero from
the MUler & Lux ranch, rodo one of the
bulls. The animal was lnxsoed and thrown
and a rope was tied around tho bull's
body. Para then mounted the animal,
which was pet lreo. Tho bull bucked und
twisted In the effort to throw the rider,
but h« did not succeed. Captain RamltoH
nnd his assistant* than Rot in front of tho
bull. Tho animal chnrRed them and thoy
ran lwhlml n barricade, Tlio animal
rushed nt the barrlcado, knocking It down
on top of tho irntadors. who eHeapml with
sIlRht Injury. Tho bull destroyed two of
the bnrrlcarien. About 1000 people wit
ncMicd. tho tight,
MADERA, Sept. 26.— The bulls had an
inning to-day an* the fighters had many
narrow escapes from being gored. A
smaller inclosure was built within the
large one, and this kept the bulls from
getting too far from the matadors. Tho
consequence was that tho fighting was
more exciting than on any previous day.
While closely pressed by a bull Captain
Ramltos fell and was struck by the bull's
head and knocked against a barricade
but the timely arrival of one of the as
eistants, who drew the bull away, saved
him. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Madera Matadors Have
Narrow Escape From
Injury.
ENRAGED BULLS
IMPERIL MEN
Just before the train pulled- out a Call
correspondent saw Czolgosz seated easily
in a seat and smoking a cigar. In the
seat with the prisoner was Jailer Mitchell
and surrounding him were several armed
officers. These precautions were taken
because the authorities received word
from some source to-day that the Sheriff
might encounter considerable difficulty in
getting the prisoner to Auburn. Just
what sort of trouble was feared could not
be learned, but great care was taken that
no advance news of the departure of the
train was telegraphed along the line.
;..I..I..;..I..I..I..X..I..^.1..I..I..' I ..I..I..I>. i .. i .. i .. i ..i-i-i-x- 9
Tho moment the car arrived Czolgosz
appeared handcuffed to Jailer Mitchell
and surrounded by the Sheriff and his
deputies and Chief McMaster of the Au
burn Polite Department. The news that
a car containing the assassin was on the
track spread rapidly.
Czolgosz wan "snoukod" out the ' bnck
entrance of tho Erlo County Jail, sur
rounded by tho seventeen men, and was
hustled into tho gpcclal car which had
been hacked down on the terrace tracks a
few rods In the rear of tho Jail a minute
before. Sheriff Caldwell arranged for tho
departure, and his moves were kept so
secret ana were so cleverly managed that
no one but tho guards, the railroad men
anrt tho newspaper men who were In tho
Jail knew that the assassin was being
smuggled out of tho jail.
BUFFALO. Sept. SO.-CssoIrom. the
doomed nsiwKBln of President Mclvlnley,
wna taken from iiurfiilo to Auburn Stato
prison to-night to nwalt rtcnth by electro
cution. . Sheriff Caldwcll nnd sixteen mon
took the prisoner In n. special enr attached
to tho ri'KUI'»r Now York Control train.
Tho train left ut 10:00 i>. in., and tho rail*
rend oillclnlH mild that an effort to rcnoh
Auburn at 2:12 o'clock would bo made,
which wjim schedule time.
vent Public Violence.
ASSASSIN TAKEN TO AUBURN.
Officers Adopt Rigid Measures to Pre •
The death warrant signed by Justice
White is addressed to the agent and
warden of Auburn Stato Prison and di
rects him to execute the sentence of the
court within the walls of the prison on
some day during the weok beginning Oc
tober 2S next, by causing "to pass
through the body of tho Bald Leon P.
CzoIrohz a current of electricity of suffl
cient intensity to cause death mid thut
tho application of the said current of
electricity be continued until he, the said
Loon P, Czolgosz, be dend."
"You have said, according: to the tes
timony of creditable witnesses and your
se'.f, that no other person aided or
abetted you in the commission of this
terrible act. God grant it may be 80.
The penaltv for the crime for which you
stand convicted is fixed by the statute
and it now becomes my duty to pro
nounce this judgment against you.
"The pentenco of the court is that, in
the week beginning October 28, 1001, at
the place, in the manner and by the
means prescribed by law, you suffer the
punishment or death."
"Remove the prisoner." . :
The crowd slowly filed out of the room
and court adjourned at 2:26.
that guilt and after learning air that at
this time can be learned from the facts
and circumstances of the case twelve
good Jurors have pronounced you guilty
and have found you guilty of murder In
the first degree.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1901.
When Called Upon for a Statement in Court the Cowardly Anarchist
Falteringly Whispers That He Did Not Have Any Accom
plices, and That He Alone Is Responsible for the Awful Crime
SLAYER OF PRESIDENT MCKINLEY
SENTENCED TO BE PUT TO DEATH
IN THE ELECTRIC CHAIR AT AUBURN
ASSASSIN CZOLGOSZ is beginning to show signs of weakening. When the
death sentence was imposed upon him at Buffalo yesterday the cowardly -anarchist
tremblingly whispered that he alone was responsible for the awful crime for which
he will be electrocuted during the week beginning October 28. When placed in
irons preparatory to being taken from the courtroom, the murderer displayed unmistakable
signs of fear. At night he was removed to the State Penitentiary at Auburn, where he will
pay the death penalty in the electric chair. •
CRAVEN MURDERER SHOWS WEAKNESS.
5
OCEAN TRAVEIi.
The mott wonderful aphrodlslao and Special
Tonlo fur the ttaxual Orvans, .for both sexes.
Tha Mexican ltemedy for Ulseaitii of the ICId*
ntj's and llladdsr, SelU on IU own mtrltt,
NAUHH. AT.KH A tillUNU, Agents.
Itt Market st,, H, P,— (Bend far Clroulars.l
Damiana Bitters
ib A UlilSAT JtKsiTuUA'nVK. I.NVIUuUa.
lor and Nervine,
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
b<h. Wharf, Ban Francisco:
For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
! ; W*?59k £<•*"• 13 - JS « i3 - 2s i Oct - a -
1 * < KPt'CS?*T>fc Chunge to company's steam-
1 •nT fc^feJa «rn fl ' Seattle.
1 t»*rs!*csl f" or Victoria, Vancouver (O.
I iKWCi-Vt^;1 Port Townsend. Reattle.
r^*%£Kfa'iA Tacoma. Kverett and New
**¦ Whateom (Wash.)-ll a. m..
Brpt. H, IS, 2S, IS, Oct. 1
Changs at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska and O, N. Ry.;
at Seattle or Taeoma for N. P. ny.i at Van*
couver to C. P, Ry.
For Enreki illumboldt Uay)-l;S8 p. to., Bept. i
H, 19. 24. 19, Oct. 4.
for Ban Plego, stopping only at Hants. Car"
tiara, Port l«o» Aneeies and Kedondo (liot An.
gele«)— Htfiwner Hniita nosa, Sundays, I a. m.j
itrnmer State ot California, Wodnudajri, 9
I 1 in,
For Lot Aniteles, eslllnc at flanta Crat.
Mnntemy, Ran Hlmeon. Cayucos, l'ort Ilarford
<H«n I^uls Oblppo), Oavlota, Panta Barbara.
Ventura, Iliuneme, Kait flan Pedro, Han Pt*
4ro and *N«wport (*Coronft only)-8t««mer Co*
rnna, Naturdayi, 9 a. in.; tteamar Bonlta. Tutt>
for RnMna'da, M»mUI«n* Day, Inn Joat 4*1
C«bo, Ma««tlan, Aliala, i.*v P«t. fanta nonalta
ami »Jii«vM»f»i (M<>i,)-io %, m,, 7th *Aeh month.
For (urthir Information obtain company
The fompBny r«t«rvtt th« rtuht to fh«n«e
»l»nm9ri, pnlilna dnyft and hourt of tallln«
«'|lhn\it nrnvlfiHH nfltlfi.
•rn.'iCMT fMTinn-4 Niw MontfQffliry
• ll«»l ll'nlir* It.il»l»,
OOODAI.U rKIIKtNfl A CO., n*n. Afftntt.
10 Mnrtiof St., flan fran«N«n.
Only Otr.««tii«lil»i TjIiib to
O. R. «& /V. CO.
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rntl Line from Portland to n'l
potitn l!n«t Thrnufth tloketn to all
¦ixlt) « n, nil i-nll nr «ter<mn^li nn«l rnll, nt
iiOWMST xv^vrrjna.
BTEAMKH TI0KETB INCLUDE DERTH tnd MEALS.
HH. COMJMIIIA RnllH Oct. B, IK, K, Nov. i
hh aicu. w. i:i.di:u
Hullo Hfpt. 80. Oct. 10, tn, 80
n.W.HITCHOOCK.OKN.Agt.,! Mnntgm'y, B. F.
tttttiiiittttMtMiiottttitnOct, II, in a. m.
J, 0, IPBECKtU h BROS, CO,, Qantrai jtflsnti, 327 Harks) St
Qon'l Paasanaop GfPet, 641 Hirtst 8t,, Piar Da, 7, Pseilia 11
AAaanlA tt 4 V 4*A llAVVA "> UAM0 *« am
oceawc8.s.to. »«»-
pTiirinnUtA, for Honolulu, Bamoa, Auck-
land and Hyilney.. Thursday. Oct t 8, 10 a. in.
S. 8. AJ.AMKPA, fur liuti.iliilii
.................. ..H:>rurii»y, Oot, U, j) p. m,
8, $, AUBfftAWA, for Tahiti,,,.,,,,.,,,,,,
fahln, ItSli gtf'Fafa, |(4| Miali Vv*;
fit it Argyll anils Montlflv, Oili 14
ii 0i Leelnnavr **ll9 Thupitlayt Oih H4
SigiAfiyll fulls Monilay, Dtfi' U
fFem iisw4f#:9trMl Wharf at I 9, m,
frf)ihC 1 8Hti.PM<»*fin8£ ©fne#. i« M^fk-i it.
r, r. wo.nnuh. r*$m etiasi A««nii
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRE3T,
PANAMA R, R, 6T S
STRAMEIIS WILL l.KAVFl WHAHF, COIL
ner Flut anrt ilrannan streets, at 1 p. m ,
for YOKOHAMA and ilONQKONO. calllni ai
Kulio illlugo), Nagasaki and Shanghai in4
connecting at Hongkong with stsamsrs for
India, eto. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
fc.s. NU'l'ON MATIU. .Friday, Septernbir 27, l»j
BS. AMKIttCA MAIIO ..,„" I,
,., ......Wednesday, Octobsr Jl. |joi
es. HONOKONa u\nu
,,,,,., „ Saturday, Novembtv II, (tot
Ilniinrl-inp tickets at reduced ratis. '.Vat
frelvht and passage, apply at company's ott.c*.
itl Xlurk«i Klreat, corner Flrat.
W, If, AVBRV, Oenenl Agsnv
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
AMERICAN LINE.
WIW TOM. (OOTn* Wl'TO.f . LONDON. tAIXIl
Slopping at Cherbour*. wtitbound.
lYnm N«w Tortt Wfdntrniays, nt 10 a. -a
fit, Pnui ...Oct. t H&vertard rvt. ji
Ml. l/)U\a,,., rifi. IK Ml, 1'ittil.,,.. O.<i. »i»
I'hlladilpliU ...,Oot. Mint. LouIa Nov. I
RBD STAR LINE.
Now York and Antwerp.
Kmni New York \V«dn«idHys. at 13 noon.
flnuthwark ,.....n«|. i\*'£tt\nnd ,...Oe:. 3D
•Vnrturland ......Oct. l« FrlrsUmi .......Nov. n
Konslnaton .....Oct. Z3|rtouthwark Noi'. 13
•Hlcip nt Charbnurff rinltmiiinl.
1NTHUNATIONAU NAVKJA'nOM CO.,
CIIAH. D. TAYIXJIl.
Citntral Agr»nt raclflo Cnunt, JO Montaomsry st.
R. 0, "Colombia," palling iu P t. ts, will stop
fnly at Mosatlan, Champertoo, »nn Jean da
Otidtemala, Arajutla. L* Ltb«rtad, Panama and
Bouth American ports,
Th« R. H. "Tueapal" will sail October I. «tnp«
pins only at Maiatlan, Ran Plas, Mdnjantllo,
Aeapuleo, 1'anama and louth Amertcan port*.
HALFOUR, CHITHtlllfl A CO.,
General Agent*. >1< California «tr»tt.
IMPORTANT!
THE PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And C0MPAN1A BUD-AMERICANA DE VAF0HIS.
And Clf. SUD AMERICANA DE VAPOflES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How*
ard ». Pier 10, 12 m.
COLOMBIA .l..S«pt. 2S|AItEQTJIPA Oct. 13
TUCAPEL, Oct. :lT_IMARI Oct. 2«
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and Bouth American pasnenger service. ¦ (No
change at Aeapulco or Panama.) Freight and
pasaenirsr ottieti. Sit California street.
DALFOUn. OUTHIUE * CO., Gen. Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
OCEAN" TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rte-iman SEN, KIlIRniB Of MONTIOELLO
PMi «¦ m>. HIS RBd ii|9 p. m>, Menu? Iptta*
pujtiirtv, 1 ft, 1 ;¦(:,. 4li9 f*i m, hN P einu,
I, Mliiliii'ili diefe tlAfJa biius.
FOR U, S, NAVY YARD AND VALIEJO
BAV AN© HIVER STEAMBHa
OOMPAONIB OENKIULB THAN3ATLANTIQUa
Malllinf every Tliurbiluy. Initeail nt
buluriluy, ui 10 «, in,, Irmii |i|«r ii,iMWW/i
RpFtd W(v«f, >et flf Vonon nrm\ »UAwu
b\ h* 6hiniii«inf, Oglrt'F Ji A<» §«vbI«, Qh
Pirst elM* te H»yFii 179 nn4 UPWW{lt 1 |ffie.r\?
flrtM U M«VF«, MS sntVupwsffi. UHNMHAI*
AC|UNi¥jP@H IJNITHR STATHB ,««! HaH*
A!)A, II Sfgadw^y murtsen^ buhtilng), ifiw
Vefli. S, V, fmhM k G©,. Paeine Qmn
Af»Ht»i i stenfiemfFy iveny^i pa» FrflB«i§89i.
irMU»M Mil liy all UrtllH.rt.1 flek«t AiSBfi,
> *f wIa lerew 8*i)f ess iuaffl@fi a
OCEAN TRAVEL,
fipeclallat. Dlaeaa*
and weakness of
in a n. Establlihed
1881, Consultation
and prlvata book
free, at nfllca or by
pall, Cures guar-
anteed. 7a 1 Mar*
l»et street (elevu,
tOP entrance), bun
ii'ranciBco,
OR.MEYEHS&CO.
Will 'Place on Sale This Day
: hh JL b b
1 C\C\ TAILOR-MADE SUITS (H W f~ A
1 VU in Tan, Brown, Black \ l J L I I
and Gray, neatly trimmed, value .|\ / r ll I'
for $15.00, will be placed on IN I % fJ\j
sale at the very low price of w
TAILOR-MADE SUITS TO ORDER.
PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED OR MONEY REFUNDED,
J. O'BBIEH <S CO.. 1146 Market Street
) visit DR. JORDAN'S (meat
• MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
) Qt iooiumKcT.bM.OiB*7iB,o.r.c.i.,
. Of ... >rh * '••'I«*J AMiioisle»l Mu»«um hi Ihs
1 —riH-v-. Wnrlil. W««knM««i *r any dnitlril Ifil
uEHftN *»""• P*"'"*» >l ri 1 "r».Jhyihf nlilejt
) /jSifMB hp«.ltllviimtli«t<nit Ull. fryiifi, I
> JQ^fi Dn * J0RDAM-DI8CABE8 OF MEN ,
k f (SSWH l."oH»iili«ilun fr»i mill tlrlrily prlvatp.
I I YCwH TtMimPiil p»rinii»1ly nr liy Iftlrr. A i
» if St n r ""'<" '¦''"¦• '" *»"y ca%< uti'if rukni, '
I m II (I A Write for nnok.PUII.OHUPnVAr
1 I II™ BIAnniA«K. maii.ku »'R«u. fA 1
k (I (J, vahmbU book for nvn)
' nil. JUKI* AN A COjjj 1031 MnrK'ft Ht,.H. p.
ADVEBTISEMENT8.
t DISORDERS
1 RY TAR THE GREAT.
1 O er number of patients
seeking relief for so>
caller) weakness are
strong, robust m«n . In
every other renptict. Losaof Vitality, Premature*
neaa, etc., are not wervkneasea, but the eyinptoma
of Inflammatory proee*ses In tha Prostate Gland
(sn.cRllod neclr of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and tea often repaated nnd too lonv
continued excitement. Under our local plan of
trafttment. directed toward reducing tha en.
larRod nnd swollen Prostate, Immediate iu-
ruUs, na Indicated 'l>y increased circulation and
renewed strength, are elxerved. Our polored
chart of the organs, wltlph we tend, frea on
sppltentlon, Is Intnreitlng tn any one wuhlntf
to itudy the anatomy of tha male,
DK. 1ALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
ftft**K»ttllk*ft*IUt ********
i To-Day Only 22c* W IfiliP Kf^S'^w^M^S H I 1^1 c *9 3t ' s 3 i or 25c* :?
Jf Thb reason's importation, fine qua i:y Arab'an g| »|B3lP* i3*VK\**\ "* §1111 A VerV SDedalCigHr Offer- $
H Lace Ov.rco'.hrs, in ectu or white, suitable MJH BflP* 1 *^ tfaOUW IWB| . , C-;^l«,. „ AC~*..,~A~,. •*
ftf to wear over a ny .t/e of collar or neck H F* etfirffcSLtfS^Bi* WhiiB^ H&sft vir^ 2* h» ¥ H ln g tor rriclay and baturday .5
K ribbon 5 it bought in the regular way would f.P^ VOagaCH W^IWBg? BfrSb^S* &W>m On ly {fte tWQ f Qr 5
I have to ie sold lor at lea* 50c each. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST--AMER!CA'S GRANDEST STORE \\ 7 p> r f •*
5 Our special price Friday only 99g% . / . • • l *
j ¦-..., ,...:. Dress Goods Remnanti Safe. General Arthur |
JI $10*00, $15*00, $18 . Another., accumulation of Black and Colored Dress Goods Remnants — attti J
ft JaCkefS $7*4-3* 1-waist, ¦• skirt and a few suit lengths— (about 900 in all), rcmnantrof Hen- £ a Rosa tie Castet- *
5 \^_ Agreatlotofsilk-.ined n c«as, Albatross, Cheviots, Scrge3, Poplins, Figured and Striped Waistings, - 5
*•• <^^^^ fai?p!e J acket8 » in am * some heavy- weight skirtings, all desirable fabrics and very cheap at the #311© X
f« ( M^^S^^ easy and l 'S ht - fitt!n S already reduced remnant prices — will be sold to-day at a still further discount of 3 fOt* 25C* ¦*
I A<£m - irr T^'finc „ N T Trimmed Hat?, ; many ? jjfflfe-^^^ Patterns To-Day* S
* '"/ A w J ackci8 ™ d b ' 6t real 'v elegant stvles; 'materials of ¦- f SHK^HKfe choice to-d.* only of probably thTiugat -2
$ I y\ © 1? S tyi cs - the picture particularly good quality, and trim- m&SsMfflWisBffl!^ stock °l Ucc e^^s p»ttem* in town at ;5
6 ("A V T shows one of them ; ' • ' , . "~l,,, Qr -f „« «&il£lS3s§^ TR§Kli«r one-hair marked prices. The let consists of .«
5 \ >£_ ''I color* light and Vatic ITlingS are Only 1 he ne.WeSt, n0 l|||r«Sir WSn&f almott everything in the line of Patterns, -J
*£ ° HUB tan and black ; r gu- old-' nOF • bad'' SiyleS, ChOlCC Style 5 , «[ - W *I\ - f Scarfr » Center Pieces, DoUiej, Handkerchiefi, j{
II imMl' tl 1^ best goods, just in hardly any ot . \J/ - J^ W^M^tho^ *
K and^ a » d "]L only -v- them, vvor:h less than $7. tjo, some <^=^^ _^*-^ asc Pattern i2\lo**<& j«
&: ;'^ v% ' ; ¦¦; $7*45 : . really look like JJ.10 wor:h. Your choice -gngs Tl*™™ w Vx h S
% '• . m \ Friday and .Saturday *p*5'a&& \ll^J^t\\\\\\\\\'.\\\'..s% 5
g Special Sales tn M $fO,$S2, $f 5, $20 aifflf. 3^5— Elegant sc Pattern> 2 *° 5
i- Under muslin ,Oepti excusive stvl-s, mostly only one Hat of a style. You •-.«-.*«! q , * §
5 i«die-.' -^- . - 4 et exclusiveness at these prices and the best there is mtm P m .? **ate OT
K Cambric i(^y\Sl\ ¦ r~ mi- • iTVjatatfl'c ffji *•*%* e? liX *•<•'» i» "Z
n skit.- (T- x\ in fine-m.iHirerv. men s rurnisningSm g
K Witn two V _¦ ¦ »_i~r \1'*t'* t *i » ' f\ 4® Men s Underwear '%
Ifr^Sv! 1 ; J%^)K ' A Remarkable Offering of - MSIk 5S5^3;faS3 \
£ insenion, y^/I \T\ f //\ »" B » B M m a a ' B^^W Merino, in a nice j$
|. and flounce ;&%&, LL\^\ ar2&*£w&fl/ftilTB£8i9i*f* EhtStoHa s i'r^^m lisht thadc of fan « 5
%' of lace to v^C^^^^Cssi^k *' ***** MB%Mtm fftfVM M%? Mr <£SiB a v it §mffij w - u made » nd nieeI y *
1^ makeWer- ' 4Ft*S ' ASW ' llWlWI finishrd garment, reg- -{
H . price hi* \'l , mmm asjm a Km lK Ul sV* Saturday . . . ¦ —, o {«
g way, been J3.50. S P ,ul to- p^^ FO^ M&W SWS» J ft ••; ri .-^ 8C S
ft day only./ • "& \ L U \i|( en * Hojlery— .*
K An A«o«ted Let cf w.isti-That were a. For two days only— Friday and Saturday — we shall lHi> w fi m f' lance « f « '« of -3
I \TMti&$^j&feP ; e:l l1 ? 13 v ? ry nsvv f st Fal1 st ,? Ie Chthing at fu ] y a lhird hrl §
i choke on Fridjy 25c less than its actual worth. How we have been able to I jj" 1 L ; iIe »*itm j
S , — secure the goods to sell at these prices is a trade secret. ¦ A I Hwe""^"*^ 0 "" '%
jf <F3 Slto&s $2.27* , They are precisely as described, and it is a money-back JlMlS/ i ualit!el » wiUtec!o > eJ **
\ fBTfl A1 ot e le l th o n Proposition if you are not thoroughly satisfied with ¥1| J. u ;^/ nd SitUf - 5
ss /^ |T"^\ ulci\*i'y 1T1 your bargain when you get it home "-* ¦ ..... ; .... **&o &
f (\ VWI Z»rk™\ 0* Men's $17.50 and $20.00 Suits m.^*^i^l£*V& I
5 V V\ \. &^\ reguar'y |,.oo f^i $13.75 — Made ' Of pure WOrStedS. U «!"» f SWrti, good, u»llty «nd. good V
I Ste^/1 SSSSS. • '^#S new fall co!ormp-grccn ?l> browns, grays, in P . /. 49O %
¦ $i& Z£7 S\ \ itnpw and checks; tness buits are cut in the ¦¦ ; n
fti ¦'¦™ l kid topi, lan<*- ' \*Z?\\ \t\ ff 9 '^H CVCry " " ch 'y lincd " nd '&
S. tuui-. -no naml-Mwei «o"ej, and isms are kid \\ ", A K"*l (~ ' tailored as carefully as the /—"—¦¦' _jtfi| y» '&?+ _J 5
y tops, lace and button styles, with we'ted ex- {tJY) \l I FTA t»e tu't* tn rr^r ivmJA U W—^=— >"*"'" "^ — i - : - —""^ *J
V tenron tolet anJ new modern toei , all ilxe l«W JLj, 4^/SwP^ f. j5 r! ¦ c 5 i O.iiv loo leti cf 6 each cf theie ce'ebnted «
jtf and widthi are Included In this Itt. _N^ 1 ffT V.V/ V^ /*> ror Friday and Saturday. on!v John Ruitell white handled, iteel Waded TaSle J
U _^__ jXtSBs. f III M n I \ price 4^'jB "9 CSi Knive.«, which will be offered at special sa'e to- ft
% Writing Paper 8c. A^W\T/ W f N\. c """--^»«*** O \
V For Friday only we off.r 500 boxes "of good 1 / / .!¦ \ \ | / //" < V BOVS* " $5 &nd $6 ' jc
* quality Writing Pa?er, In St. Jann» and oc- ) A/ J ' \ sk. ] h \\ 7 ' !<^\/^ C..:t -C3 no O r af?AT«OPaV#»**V E3iPK2 W £ >X
g , tavoBhape; 25 Envelope! and z 4 Sheets of VVit l\L I /U A ( SUltS $3.98— SlZiS for VGQ1 * g
J Writing Paper-the 49. pieces for.... rf / W^ I W \ N 1° tO 1 6 year?; ail" SgteQfalS Fritfay» j
tf ""'** v / / J I I". wool materials, in a large va- Th-te fancy Wroujzht-lron Can* 1 X
i&S&iSn «9 ffO ' 'Inlh \ ¦ \\ • ricty of eolers and patterns, dlestlcki.wUh colored banquet candle f\ g
i-- Go-Cart $3.69, IU\J . \ '^j«}^^^^M^^^^iBi^ \ \
K You CII » j^^**^* \\ .1 \ v 1 1 "worth $5.00 and 56.00. _ . j L [ di.» if'i •?
tJ buy on= of _ jir^ / ' \_ I trf^>^' \\ cjn^/'iii «,;« Decorated Dessert Plates — If X
8 oak - P^^^^W// &*~~ lS &*~ =r m^ VnuthK* *7 K»n i on special talc to ~ 6^ crfS^ *^^ ! 5
** bodid /™—]*-~d/// ¦ <5- / >^ S<J^ voutns iuns on!y ff^b-Ssifai' *
»' v-°h Carts ' (fS^^^ $4.95— Serviceab'e Suits f.r business or school, made Set of 6 \g^^p :?
**" "a d'ustab'e (^^V^"'^^' V] °f strictly all- wcol materials, in blues, grays and fancy mixtures, cut in the t 5p§5* ! ' *2
h foot"- rest, newest styles, a splendid £7.50 value. On sprcial sale for rfgi^g €8 IS -^S^ £
g 1 plain tire, two days only *p e 4'a&® a*} -fSji^ Tmcudj and Saucers $
i? paten:- . hft^^C-/// -Of dark blue X
i S^l^l £ tbrake completc ' thlt Groceries To-Day* $t B @S Hat® tiMSMz I
R fc.oo j to-day on'.y &9 £m& Dry Granulated Sugar— The best quality. 'L^^ 7 Aoim- «n-r';!i \Z. M
1 1 * 3 - 69 . . $1-39- . WMM^Mm I
i JSZil^ffl- iftlifci iWM Hose Supporters, %
•f v«fl«.«»i««n HMibfr.. ? I Best Lard-Entern, lib tins, for 45o -our regular r.4 ioztn pairs L»i:s filled E astc Sjie Hose £
X YollOWSiOnO WhiskOy— Tiylor . IJ t • . v (M^Z. extra value Supporters, with rubber button lVttners, a «J
K & Wi.liam's lotting cur regu'ar price Pe«h:s - Cho.ce pte.ed. Sp«!a! to-dav^ V^^^^^^ Hats. Or, gold I qua icy of elastic, in black, cardinal, '\
g. $1.25 ; sa'e pr;ce Friday, bottle. . .$1.O5 po"i d * ' oo i pec ial sa> N Fri- pink, light blue and crange 1 regu!arly aec a 5*
* a Gin— Old London Club 5 regu'rrly JSi.oo a Crcam of Maize— To-da;-, pound 7O (Jay and Saturday tf^ a pair ; on specal sale Friday _ X
J? bott'e; to-day • 7SO Fard Dates— For stuffin;, pound 12o $1*39 f7C 5
J> ¦„.«„-.« ; ;! '"* ' . r t ' \ ' "' M
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF
¦ THEM ALL"
Everything that tenda to
speed, comfort, plcnsure and
luxury unlimited. $87.00
Buffalo and Return. Obtobor
8 and 4. Homxto berths for
thin famous , train' at 641
Market Street. "**
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
THURSDAY, 9,00 A, M,, ON THE '
SANTA FE
RRITQR17Q I ' Tm . wahiuwm, hak>
br#wiFi. befikblnSeFp, PspfiytmakPFs, @a.nnersi
AytFij notii-iMiiipt, fwixifl", laundriM, \>*\m*
hftnim, Him*!*, paTnlirii *w>* [selene*
itBblimciii tafreefeFi, ubhsfi, ibII§fIi tt& =
BUCHANAN BROS.
Druih Manufietureri, doe gaeraminto 8tCalif ornians in Washington.
- Finally, there is th- great canal across the isthmus
that is to open a short route from the Atlantic to the
Pacific. That of course stands far above all others
in magnitude, cost and importance. Taking all the
projects-. 'together it will* be seen; they 'constitute " an
amount of work that will employ the energies and the
surplus capital of the nations for a long time. The
last fifty years of the nineteenth century 'was essen
tially, an era of railroad, construction., Perhaps : this
is to be an era of -canal -building. l .
The feasibility of the canal- plan was discussed. at
a recent meeting of the Latin-American Scientific
Congress at Montevideo, and the facts brought out
are reported to have been so impressive it is believed
practical men will take up the enterprise and carry
it to completion.
The most extensive canal programme of the time,
however, is in South America. In that continent there
are three great river systems— the Amazon, the
Parana and the Orinoco— all of 'them rising com
paratively near together. Surveys have disclosed the
fact that it. would not 'cost much to connect the
upper reaches of the three rivers' by canals available
for vessels of large size. It is said a passage less than
forty miles long would open a way from' the Upper
Amazon to the Parana, and thus provide an inland
waterway from Para to Buenos Ayres.
pass around Spain and under the guns of the Brit
ish fortress at Gibraltar.
Frank Cummlngs, who: until 'a few
weeks ago was head clerk at the Palace
Hotel, will shortly. leave for Los Angeles,
where he ' will fill the position of chief
clerk of the Hotel Angelus,. which is now
under construction. Mr. Cummlngs Is one
of the best known hotel men in the
United States. He. was "a clerk at the
Palace Hotel' for fifteen years and made
hosts of friends through his kindness and
courtesy. ,
E. P; Dole, neRhew of Governor Dole of
the Hawaiian Territory, is at the Palace
with his wife. They are en route to the
East for their honeymoon.
A. S. Wagner, proprietor of the Imperial
Hotel of Stockton, is at the Occidental,
accompanied by his wife. \\ ?. ,
Jackson Dennis, a miner, of Sutter
Creek, is in the city on business and is
at the Grand. _ ' ;
¦ - J. S. Goodwin, a mining man of You Bet,
Nevada County, is among the arrivals at
the Lick.
Dr. D. E. Cassellen, a prominent physsl
cian of New York, is at the Palace with
his wife.
P. Sweed, a prominent merchant of
Petaluma, is spending a few days at the
Grand. .
Ernest F. Tann, an orchardist of Los
Gatos, is at the Lick.
Sam Davis, Controller of the State of
Nevada, is at the Lick.
John A. Mclntire, a mining man who
resides at Sacramento, is at the Lick.
J. W. Crystal, an extensive fruit grower
of Vacaville, is a guest at the Grand.
DEMAND FOR CANALS
FROM the number of canal projects now under
discussion in air parts of the civilized world,
from Russia to Brazil, it would seem that the
eafly part of the present century may become more
remarkable for canal extension than for anything
else. The railroad cannot supply all the needs of in
land commerce. Cheap waterways are in demand
everywhere.
• Canada is projecting a canal from Georgian Bay
to the Ottawa, and hopes thereby to carry the trade
of the upper lakes through her territory, instead of
having it go to sea by- way' of New York. Chicago
wishes the Government to ; take her drainage canal
and convert it into a commercial canal of sufficient
depth to admit vessels to pass from Chicago to New
Orleans, and at the same :time she wishes a deep
water canal to the Atlantic. All along the Atlantic
coast from New York to Charleston there is an agi
tation in favor of constructing a series of inland
waterways which- would enable: a boat to make the
trip from one of those .cities to the other without
going to sea, and a further canal is demanded for a
route from Savannah to New Orleans, which would
obviate the long voyage around Florida. ' ; . \
Kaiser William has an elaborate system of canal
projects for the improvement of the commerce of
Prussia. The Czar's Government .is said to have de
cided to enter at once upon the construction of one
which will open a way from the Baltic Sea. to the
Arctic Ocean and thus provide Russia with an ave
nue to the Atlantic in case of war with some power
strong enough to close the Baltic to Russian fleets
and merchant vessels... The. French are discussing, a
great deep water canal from the Atlantic s to the
Mediterranean, so that French fleets and ships could
pass from the ocean, to the sea v without ¦¦ having* to
PERSONAL MENTION.
De Witt— Well, I don't wonder. It's a
sort of sermon on the mount.— Catholic
Standard and T.'mes.
Bluegore-Oh, yes; everybody.'s heard of
that book. In our family It Is second only
to the Bible.- .' K ; -^ . ¦•'.¦.;
• De Witt— I've been reading "Black
Beauty." It's a sympathetic story- of the
horse. • '
Uncle George— What I think when I
smell coffee. I love it beyond expression,
and yet see how scurvlly it treats me
every, time I drink It! — Exchange, i
Aunt Hannah— It is positively fiendlike
to return evil for good. .
"Xo, v sir; lithograph ink. I started to
read the art supplement of a Sunday paper
while I was perspiring."— Chicago News.
"But those red stains on your hands?
They are surely blood."
'I am innpeent," retorted the accused
Caught Red-Handed.-— "We believe you
to be the guilty man," hissed the great
sleuth. .
"Ycs'm," said one of the' little girls.
."When you've got a sore eye all the bugs
and things fly into It." — Chicago Journal.
"This verse," said the Sunday school
teacher, "says 'to him that hath shall be
given.' You must have noticed many in
stances of the operation of this principle.
Will you mention one?"
"I'm sure I don't know," was the lat
ter' s reply, "but I understand she has
the largest family of brothers in the
city."— Pittsburg Chronicle.
"I should like to know how many pro
posals May Rocks has rejected?" said
Miss Murray Hill to Miss Homewood.
He — There, dear, after toiling and plan
ning for years, we have at last been able
to buy this beautiful home, and you
ought to be perfectly happy. ,
She — But I'm not. .
She— What's the matter?
She— I know we shall never be -able to
sell it.— Harper's Bazar.
"The soup's good enough," replied Un
cle Jerry from beyond the suburbs, "but
lt't a lot of bother to have to take out
all these strings." — Chicago Tribune.
"Uncle Jerry," asked his downtown rel
ative, "how do you like your vermicelli
soup?"
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
TRANSPARENT PAPER— M. B., City.
To make transparent paptr that will re
sume its opacity is to dampen the paper
with pure and fresh distilled benzine. It
at once assumes a transparency, and per
mits of the tracing and of Ink or water
colors being used on the surface without
any running. The paper resumes its
opacity as the benzine evaporates, and if
the drawing is not then completed the re
quisite portion of ihe paper must b«
again dampened with benzine. This pro
cess permits the use of istiff paper for
tracing.
It was a great mistake for anybody to
reply to Father Yorke in the city press.
All he wants Is a chance to sling a shllla
lah. From no Christian standpoint are
the thugs who assault, maim and murder
men in San Francisco just because they
want to work to be defended. The men
who strike are "common people," to be
sure, but the men who want to work are
also common people. The effort of Yorke
or anybody to stir up class hatred is rep
rehensible. The partnership of YORKE.
WITH THE EXAMINER in such unholy
business is amazing.
Alameda Arsus.
An Amazing Partnership.
RENEWING— A. C. R., City. If a partr*
owes a debt on a verbal agreement the !
debt outlaws unless an action Is com
merced within two years; If on a written
agreement, then in four years. If judg
ment is obtained the same :an be renewed
from time to time without the knowledge
of the party against whom, it was
obtained. Any lawyer you may secure to
obtain judgment will explain how a re
newal of judgment Is brought about.
AN ATTORNEY- J. C. P.. City. If an
attorney is employed to defend men who
are selected to give another a severe beat
ing and he knows that the parties he will
b© called upon to defend were to engage
in an unlawful act. he would be liable
under the penal code and would also be
subject to disbarment.
MOUND BUILDERS— M. L. M., Los
Gatos, Cal. This correspondent wishes to
know where he may obtain information
about the Mound Builders of California.
Can any of the readers of this department
inform him through Answers to Cor
respondents?
FRANCHISES-U. C. P., City. For
such franchises as you allude to in letter
of inquiry you should apply to the Board
of Supervisors and also consult the rall
roal companies which already have
tracks over which you desire to run cars.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
So, too, with full graciousness and appropriate
ness, thousands of Democrats who voted against Mc-
Kinley and opposed his policies in war and in peace
may rightly contribute to his memorial. , Political
differences there must always be among us so long
as we remain a free and an intelligent people, and
political controversy dishonors neither one side nor
the other. When he entered upon his high office
McKinley ceased to be a Republican partisan and
became the representative of the whole people. Over
his grave there can be no partisan controversies or
even differences. With respect to his memory all
true Americans are now nothing else than Ameri
cans, and therefore all can with sincerity, with hon
esty and xvith patriotism unite in raising a monu
ment to him who so nobly served the State and fell
a martyr to anarchist hatred of its government.
From this universal Tight to take part in every
effort made to do honor to the dead there is excluded
bi;t one tiling that exists in America, and that is the
yellow press of W. R. Hearst. The public can neither
forget nor forgive the wrongs done to the dead by
the three lying papers in which Hearst day after day
for years assailed the President and inculcated in the
minds of the vicious the hatred that led to the crime
of Czolgosz. Hearst's coin must not be accepted.
TT-tc is blood on it, .
There has never before been a President whose
death has been followed by so many earnest demands
for a monument to commemorate his services and the
popular love of his fellow citizens. There is hardly
a State in the Union that has not some memorial
project under consideration. All classes of honest
citizens have united in these movements. In the
Northern States the men who were McKinley's com
rades in the war that saved the Union have been con
spicuous in promoting them, and in the South men
who wore the gray and who were his. foes on the field
of battle have taken the lead. No voice has been
more earnest, and hardly any more eloquent, in urg
ing contributions to a McKinley monument than has
been that of General Gordon, commander of the
Confederate Veterans. It is right that it should be
so. The 103'al people of the North will not grudge
nor misconstrue the subscriptions which McKinley's
jormer focmen of the Civil War may offer now to
commemorate his fame. All such contributions will
be but another evidence that the old divisions and
.animosities among the people have passed away, and
that the restored Union is a union of hearts and of
hands as well as of States.
There is no little gratification in having for this
once at least escaped from the affliction of the in
trusion cf yellow journalism, with its self-advertising
and self-enriching schemes into public sorrow.
Something more, however, is needed than the 'ab
stention of the yellow anarchists from their usual
faking in matters of this kind. Popular, sentiment de
mands that for rio monument or other memorial to
be erected to President McKinley should there be ac
cepted any aid from the yellow journals, or any sub
scription from them. Their coin should be refused
as emphaticallj r as their hypocritical grief is con
demned. Having derided, abused, vilified, maligned
and belied McKinley during his whole term of office
as President of the United States, they should not
now be permitted to insult his memory by contrib
uting to erect a monument over his grave.
piOR the first time in 'many .a year the people of
f-"< the' United States have fronted a great public
*¦ calamity without having their sorrow disturbed
by the clamor of the Examiner seeking to make
money out of the universal grief. Before the grave
of McKinley the yellow journal stands abashed. In
i2ce of the wrath of the public denouncing its vile
cartoons and vicious editorials it slinks away and
does not venture to come forth passing the hat for
nickels and announcing an "Examiner monument
fund," with a long array of ''commissioners" selected
to take charge of the "memorial which W. R. Hearst
is to raise as a tribute of the American people to the
illustrious dead."'
"He la a, man who ivould use the
country and its citizens for his o-trn
stupid ambition and Mer-toothed
glory. He conld conceive no better
nse for roans men than to make the
tongrh ones rough riders and the
tender ones rotisH taxpayers— the
rough riders to build up his fleht-
Iugt fame and the rough taxpayers
to foot the bills."
"He has said that his way of treating
those with whom he' disagreed politically
would be to 'stand a few of them up
against a wall and shoot them.'
"Roosevelt stands for a large perma
nent army and for using it against those
who should fail to agree with him.
"We do not ask the opinion of the citi
zen whose personal physical timidity
leads him to worship a magazine-made
hero. We ask the thoughtful men— men
brave enough to do their own fighting if
cause should arise, men who do not hand
over their thinking or governing to a
magazine blusterer.
"How would you like Roosevelt In the
White House?
"If anything should happen to Mr. Mc-
Kinley the trusts would be quite content
to see Roosevelt in the White House.
"How would the average thinking citi
zen like that?
"The plan was to carry forward the
idea of changing the form of Government
now existing here — a form that now
makes trusts and their profits dependent
on an election, and is, therefore, insecure.
"Roosevelt was selected to run for Vice
President.
"Mr. McKinley, we must regret to say,
is a man of doubtful health. Much care
was used by the trusts and Hanna in se
lecting a man for the Vice Presidency
because of the fear that McKinley might
fail to live out his term.
Th© following editorial which was pub
lished In the New Tork Evening 1 Journal
of September 8, 1900, under the caption of
"If McKinley Should Die After Re
election," reaches the climax of horror
In the crusade of the yellow newspapers
against the constituted authorities:
THE COIN OF THE YELLOW.
Demagogues at Work.
Bakersfleld Bally CaLifomlan.
The strike In San Franciuco would have
been settled long since but for the in
fluence of the Examiner, and settled
doubtless to the satisfaction of both par
ties to the controversy. The Examiner,
for Its own purpose, keeps alive the
germ of discontent, and when it feels
Its power waning It arranges for mass
meetings to be addressed by such dem
agogues as Peter Yorke. The body of
strikers Is anxious to return to work,
and with the Examiner and the agitators
out of the way the trouble would bo
speedily adjusted.
The presence of ex-President Cleveland
in Washington is not merely perfunctory.
It is personal tribute.
If we add to this that they Darted on
inauguration day with a distinct and
abiding esteem on Cleveland's part for
the moral quality and purposes of his
successor, we can also add something for
the other side. The intimate friends of
McKinley knew before he became a resi
dent of the White House that he had an
unconcealable admiration for the charac
ter and qualifies which distinguished his
predecessor. That the American people
would see some of these qualities pre
served in his own administration was one
of his hor>es, and became an aim.
There was a very friendly feeling, as
the Observer has the privilege of know
ing, between the dead President and the
living ex- President. There was something
more than courtesy between them in' the
hours that preceded the outgoing of
Cleveland and the incoming of McKinley
at the White House. Their conference
regarding unsettled public matters soon
to fall in the hands of President McKln
ley disclosed entire concurrence of view
and agreement of spirit.
Ex-President G rover Cleveland is In
Washington to attend the funeral of his
successor, the dead President. Yesterday
morning he telegraphed to General Wil
son accepting an invitation, and at 10
o'clock last night, with Colonel Daniel S.
Lamont and in Colonel Lamont's private
car, he left Princeton, arriving in Wash
ington this morning. "I shall participate."
he said before starting, "in any of the
exercises that may he deemed proper. It
is not my present intention to accompany
tho funeral party to Canton."
TJtlca Observer.
"IF McKINLEY SHOULD
DIE AFTER RE-ELECTION"
Among the Mourners.
And the rich man, even the trust ozvner, should be most deeply interested in applying
CONSERVATIVE REMEDIES BEFORE IT SHALL BE TOO LATE.
T F you vote for Hanna you vote for dangerous social conditions, for conditions dangerous even
J_ to the trust owners themselves, although they are too blind to see it.
This people will not submit to permanent exploitation of many by the few. That exploita
tion could now be crushed and gradually brought under control.
Let it go on for another four years and you will see conditions that will demand remedies
that Mr. Hanna never dreamed of in his wildest attacks on Bryan.
The people must decide, not between McKmley and Bryan, but between Bryan and CON
SERVATIVE REMEDIES NOW AND DESPERATE REMEDIES LATER.
From the Evening Journal, September 20, 1900.
JOURNAL THREATENED
THE ASSASSINATION OF
PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
If the people were not fools the trusts would learn a lesson at this coming election.
• But, unfortunately, the people are fools yet NOT ENOUGH HAVE BEEN SHQT. THE
LIMIT HAS NOT BEEN REACHED,
r*TREET car conductors are good average American citizens. They are not anxious to be mur-
derers. If they are bad as a class, then the nation is bad. . . , • vt \
A man, unless goaded to desperation, would not commit murder or risk hts life for
a few dollars.
But the trust owners have a bigger stake. It is millions of dollars with them. They are more
deeply interested.
And, besides, THE TRUST OWNERS NEVER GET SHOT. They hire professional shooters,
while they get out of town and carry on the war by wire.
A little girl was shot dead. A union man was killed by a bullet in the back. NO TRUST
MANAGER HAS EVER HAD A SCRATCH. THAI PERHAPS, ACCOUNTS FOR THEIR ARTI
FICIAL GAYETY AND OPTIMISM.
From the Evening Journal, on the St. Louis Strike. June 20. 1900:
FRIDAY .SEPTEMBER 27. 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
liireti All Conannnieitioxxi tt W. 8. LEAKE, Ktn&ger.
»IA\ACKIl"S OFFICE .Telephone Pren W4
rCDLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 21T to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Fress 202. , .
Delivered lir Carrier)*, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Sfnsrle Copies". S Cents.
Terms by Stall. Includlnp Fostases
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year $6.00
J5AILT CALL, (including Surday). 6 months '. S.00
DAILY CALL. (including Sunday). J i~otiths 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month - 65c
EUNDAT CALL. One Tear 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmaster* are anthorlzed to receive - ¦
nnliKcriptlonm. .
:.' Fjunpl* «»npW be fcrwaraed when requested.
AHUSEMENTS. . , .. . .
Central— "Little Lord Fauntleroy." • . ' . ¦ ; •
Alcazar— "Sarho." '• .' . •¦'. .." : ' " •
"' Tlvoll — "Xabucco." •.•'¦¦
• - California— "A Texas Steer." ¦¦ ." -
Grand Opera-house — "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde."
' ; Columbia— "A Modern Crusoe."
Orjiheum— Vaudeville.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenins:.
Fischer's— Vaudeville. ' . ."¦;
'Recreation Park — Baseball.
Melrose Cours'njr Park— Coursing Sunday. : .
Sutrd. Bath? — Open nights. j ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
"AUCTION SALES. ".
.By R. Y\\ 5cott— TueEdav. October 1. at 11 o'clock. Trotting
Horses, at corner St. Charles street and Eagle avenue, Ala
meda. -s :\-:V-. •¦•"". '•'.:--- . :-;-'".-v..V '¦ ; ..-- v - *•-*.:'=¦.. :;.'
By G. H. X'mbsen&Co:— Monday.. October 7, at 12 o'clock.
Crooks Estate Properties,: at 14 Montgomery street.
What avail to answer or to argue with all this hullabaloo about "clubbing Ameri
can citizens into slavery," about "Bashi-Bazouks" riding down and robbing citizens with
"gray hair and venerable aspect"? ¦ _-._.¦ ¦ '.'¦.
The San Francisco public sees no reason for wasting argument on any one who is
jumping so wild as is the Rev. Father Peter C. Yorke.
The new Bombastes is in fact wilder than the old. He is like a man standing on
his head and kicking with both feet. He sees everything distorted, topsy turvy and up
side down. Within the range of his vision "nothing is like it used to be," and nothing i is
like it ought to be. The only ways by which he can ever be made happy again are by
reversing himself, or by revolutionizing the world; and he prefers revolution.
has the kind of brains that are going to -make him the laughing stock of his enemies. '.
In fact Father Yorke is evidently suffering from a • species of madness which
leads him to believe it to be his duty to fight the whole community. He berates lustily
nearly everything in sight. All who are rich, all who are at work, all who. oppose vio
lence, all who are sane and reasonable, all who publish the truth or who accept it when
published, and in fact !all who are not on a strike or kicking, are regarded by Father
Yorke as his foes; and like Bombastes Furioso hanging his boots at the cross roads,' he
virtually issues the defiance to the world: ;
"Whoever dar'es these boots displace
Must meet Bombastes face to face;
Thus do I challenge all the human race."
the passions and prejudices of the community have been aroused, the city is peaceful. If
there has been violence it has come from the hirelings of the Employers' Association, and
from the mercenary police whom the rich men have subtracted from the impartiality
of the law.
When the city was absolutely peaceful this malodorous society captured the police
force and has since used them as provocatives to crime.
Before I close let me say one word on the general question of violence. I HAVE
WARNED THE MEN AGAINST IT, BUT I AM BEGINNING TO CAST IN MY MIND IF THERE
BE NOT WORSE THINGS THAN VIOLENCE. Violence is to be reprobated when the law
protects you, BUT IF THE LAW IS PERVERTED,
• WHAT THEN? .
The action of the police in this city, especially within the past few days, has been
intolerable. I have seen an old man with gray hair and of venerable aspect ridden down
and clubbed by one of Sullivan's Bashi-Bazouks. Every hour peaceable citizens are held
up, searched, robbed, assaulted, and there appears to be no remedy. Never in Russia did
the police act as they are acting to-day on the water front of San Francisco and in
our streets., ' . %
People of California, what is done to-day to the longshoremen may be done to
you to-morrow.
WAGE -EARNERS OF SAN FRANCISCO, WILL YOU STAND BY AND SEE YOUR
BRETHREN CLUBBED INTO SUBMISSION TO THE EMPLOYERS' ASSOCIATION? The
object of this violence is not to keep the peace, but to compel the men to return to service.
When the strike leaders protested to Mayor Phelan, what was his answer? Listen to it,
ye freemen: "If they don't want to be clubbed, let them go to work."
As of old the refractory slaves were lashed into obedience, so now American citi
zens in San Francisco are to be clubbed into slavery.
HOW LONG WILL YE STAND IT, YE WAGE-EARNERS OF SAN FRANCISCO?
IT IS YOUR FIGHT. i
The police that terrorize the sailors to-day will terrorize the clerks, the mechanics,
to-morrow. IT IS TIME FOR YOU TO THINK! And as for me, if the responsibility of giving
advice should again be put upon me, I. should consider long and earnestly if there aremot
worse things than violence, AND IF THE AMERICAN CONSTITUTION DOES NOT CALL US
TO PRESERVE OUR LIBERTIES EVEN AT A SACRIFICE.
What serious reply is to be made to all that? What man would undertake to
argue against it in view of Solomon's double warning against, answering, a fool accord
ing to his folly, and also against answering him not according to his folly?
If the Rev. Father Yorke sincerely believes that his statements are true then he
WHEN the Rev. Father Peter C. Yorke entered the arena of strife to take
part in the controversy between the strikers and the business men of San
Francisco, The Call, recognizing his past eminence as an orator and his official
position in the pastorate of the city, deemed his utterances worthy of. seri-.
pus consideration. Accordingly his speech at Metropolitan Hall was not only fully re
ported, but the salient points in it were later on given the dignity of further publication
in parallel columns with the utterances of Cardinal Gibbons, Archbishop Riordan and
Archbishop Ireland on the same subject. Since that time the Rev. Father Yorke has en
tered further into the controversy by contributing a series of letters to the Examiner. In
these letters he has gone beyond the reach of serious consideration. To publish what he
has written for the Examiner in contrast with the words and the counsel of Cardinal
Gibbons, Archbishop Riordan and Archbishop Ireland would be to reduce argument to
an" absurdity. The Rev. Father Yorke in fact has kicked over the traces of reason; he is
out of reach of comparison with any one else, and is to be judged by no other standard
than his own* ...
' Human history is full of instances of men of ill balanced minds who after achiev
ing a marked reputation in the community have become infatuated with 'their triumph,
and in their efforts to live up to it have given the world another illustration of that
vaulting ambition which as Shakespeare says "o'erkaps itself and falls on t'other side."
In his present efforts to be eloquent . Father Yorke screams; in his struggle to be inspir
ing he grows wild; and in his desire to make points he misses truth, argument and
philosophy and comes nowhere in measurable distance of that at which he aims.
What serious treatment is, due to such utterances as .these taken from Father
Yorke's article published in the Examiner of yesterday? ; .. *
Though traffic has been disorganized, though commerce has been crippled, though
P REACH ING THE DREAD
DOCTRINE OF MURDER
TO AMERICAN CITIZENS
ARGUMENT RUN MAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, "SEPTEMBER 27, 1901.
THE ST. PAUI^-C. P. LI., City. Dur
ing the Spanish-American war while the
auxiliary cruiser St. Paul was off Santi
ago the Spanish vessel Turror was sent
to drive her off, but the movement was
not successful, for the Terror had to turn
back and be run aground to prevent her
from sinking, as she had her steering ap
paratus shattered and a saot went cleaail
through her on the water line. That la
the nearest that the St. Ps.ul came to be
ing chased by a Spanish war vessel.
That was on June 22, 1898.
PARKS— X. T. Z., City. The acreage cf
Fairmount Park, Philadelphia, is 2791*2;
Golden Gate Park. San Jfranclsco, 1043;
Central Park, New York, 862. and Druid
Hill Park. Baltimore. 704. It is said that
Fairmount Park. Philadelphia. Is con
sidered the finest natural park in the
United States outside of the national
parks. The following are the measure
ments of Golden Gate Park in feet. Ex
treme length from the eastern end of the
panhandle to the ocean highway, 20.000
feet; the length of the panhandle i3 2S0Q
feet and its breadth 275 feet. The width
of the park proper is 2SC0 feet.
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb tit Townsend's.*
Drunkenness and all drug habits cured
at Willow Bark Sanitarium. 1839 Polk. •
¦ o • .
Special information supplied daily t
business houses and public men by th
Press Clipping Bureau (Allan's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A west sWe woman recently asked a
grocer for a quarter's worth of oblong
tea.
CORONADO TENT CITY. Coronado BeaeSlf
Cal.. wlU b« th» popular Buiimer resort tiHa\
•eaaon. It became famous last year for com
fort, entertainment and health. Its •ptendtf
caie wm a wonder, the fishing usexec«U««»
Sir, Thomas • Lipton ; deserves a tribute from
Americans for a genial/ delicate and discriminating
humor/ /The first test of speed yesterday between the
yachts showed that when. Lipton named '-' his boat
Shamrock Second he was' inspired not only by the
fitness' -of; things, but by wit. ¦ " • ., \>>
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.— Th« follow
ing; Calif ornians registered here
At the St. James-T.P. Hogran and wife,
Oakland: Edwin Capps, San. Diego; Mrs.
Charles Thompson, Miss Thompson, Palo
Alto; A. M. Kidd, Alfred H. Jacobs, Cal
ifornia. At the Raleigh— Charle3 Leyler
Jr., Los Angeles. At the Metropolitan —
E. F. Kimball, Frank Vegely and wife,
Q. S. Smithand wife, Santa Ana. At the
National-L. M. •.Wade.' Oakland."
6
"Therjs is. "a. change coming some day,
whether the. gentlemen who denounce char-
ity as anarchy want the change or not."
"According 'to.'accepted definitions, issued
by the higher classes of society, an anarch-
ist is one who tries to do something useful
that has never, been done before.
"What is an" anarchist?
THE following deadly; editorial . appeared in
Hearst's New York Evening Journal on
May 22, 1901, less than six. months be-
fore L ; Prcsid^nt|MckinleY@jwas^ shot
down by a pupil of yellow journalism: - :; : \
WHAT IS AN ANARCHIST?generous, broad-minded and open-handed
miner, who .was ever ready.to extend help
to the unfortunate. Shortly afterthe ad
journment of the Legislature he was ap
pointed to a position under the State
Board of Harbor Commissioners, which
he held until he passed away.
The Pacific Packing and Steam Naviga
tion Company is now taking over the ves
sels of Hume Bros, and Hume and the
Pacific Steam Whaling Company.
The Arlon Society will give a concert on
Sunday evening next at Union Square
Hall, at which the society will be assisted
by Miss Ernestine Goldmann, pianist;
Miss Juliette Levy, vocalist; Julius A.
Haug, violinist; Franz Mayer, 'cellist;
Paul Scholz, pianist, and Miss Lottie Sie
gel, accompanist. There will also be a
one-act play by Louis Angehy, "Das Fest
der Handworker," in which the following
will take part: George C. Beauchamp,
Franz Goldstein. Hans Veroni, Carl Kah
ler, L. Warnko, Dr.. H. . Beck, Frau L.
AVarnke, Fraulein Johanna Lechner, Frau
H. Veroni, Frau C. Kahler and Fraulein
Meta Muller. The affair is under the di
rection of Herman Holzauer. . .
Arion Society's Concert.
"There never have been more than six
ty-five miles of railroad In that republic.
Now an American company is at work
extending the road to the capital, a dis
tance of 300 miles. It Is in charge of Mar
Jor John A. Harman, a most efficient of
flecr. The building of this road was a
direct benefit to California. This State
secured a contract for 500,000 redwood ties
and will receive further contracts. There
are nearly two hundred men In the gen
eral offices of the railroad, and a majority
of those employed are Americans. This
force and the men employed by \the con
tractors import many thousand dollars'
worth of flour, canned goods and other
products from California."
"Ecuador- is In full harmony with our
Government and is anxious for us to
hasten the building of the Isthmian canal.
Ecuador has been quite proseprous under
the administration of President Aliaro,
who was succeeded by General Plaza on
the 1st day of September. The latter is
an able general, a wise and progressive
member of CongTess, and he promises con
tinued success and advancement for his
country. . . ¦
"Since the reduction of frelght^rates be
tween San Francisco and South American
points," said he, "the, importations have
greatly increased. Particularly is this
true of flour, wheat, canned salmon and
wine. California goods arc much appreci
ated In that country. 1 have negotiated
a reciprocity treaty between the United
Btates and Ecuador which la now pending
before the 'Jnited States Senate for rati
fication. If ratitted by both countries it
will be a great benefit to California. No.
I can't tell you anything about it, as it
has not yet been made public.
"I do not think Ecuador will take any
part in the revolution now going on in
Colombia. It has been in progress for
the past two years. I have no opinion to
express as to the merits or demerits ot
the contest. I do not think the American
gunboats have been sent to Panama and
Colon to take any part In the trouble
down there or to maintain the Monroe
doctrine. They are there so that If the
Colombian Government finds It is unable
to protect the railroad between Colon and
Panama, which Is owned by an American
company, she can ask the American gun
boats for assistance.
In an Interview yesterday General
Sampson gave some interesting informa
tion about conditions in the South Ameri
can fODubllc.
General A. J. Sampson, Envoy Ex
traordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary
of the United States to Ecuador, South
America, and wife are visiting relatives
at the r Berkshire. They will leave for
Ecuador on Thursday next.
New Reciprocity Treaty Will
Be of Great Benefit to
California.
Minister Sampson Tells
of Steady Increase in
Importations.
TRADE OUTLOOK
WITH ECUADOR
TO SAIL.
'ROM SEATTLE,
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
United Btates Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27.
"Wasp McKlnley number. Second edition now
on tale. New picture, added. ..; ¦•
j Only one dollar : via, California North?
western Railway to visit Street Fair at
Santa Rosa on Saturday, Sept. 28. Leave
Tiburcn ferry at 7:30 and 9:00 a, m.; arrive
on the return 6:20 p. m, ..^ • •¦
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning: tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
BomeMmes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the Boundines on the Unit*d States
Coast Survey charts,- except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
OMAHA, Neb., Sept. 26.-Agents of the
Schwartzschlld & Sulzbacher Packing
Company of Kansas City announced that
the concern will locate a million dollar
packing plant at South Omaha In the near
future. E. E. Mitchell, manager, of the
company in Kansas City, said to-day that
his company would either buy. the old
Hammond plant and make extensive ad
ditions to it, or build an entirely new one,
and would also locate a large wholesale
establishment in this city, the whole cost
of which is estimated at 11,250,000. The
firm will employ 2000 men.
Million T>ollar Packing Plant.
While the fires on the island of Hawaii
are still raging, a new one having been
started by a careless native apiarist in
smoking out bees, news Is made public
about an Immense Irrigation scheme that
has been before the Government for some
months. It is a private enterprise, the
inauguration of which promises not only
to prevent all fear of drought In the two
districts of Hamakua and Kohala, but to
reduce the danger from forest fires. The
plan is to construct vast reservoirs for
Impounding the water and a system of
conduits for conveying It to the agricul
tural Iand9 In the districts of Hamakua
and Kohala. There is a watershed In the
mountains designed to be occupied by the
Irrigation plant, which is estimated to as
sure a yleid of twenty billions of gallons
a year. All this water is now running to
waste Into the ocean along the rocky
coast lying for many miles between the
two districts that have the present sea
son suffered untold loss from drought and
fire. Colonel Jones, commanding the Ha
waiian National Guard, represents Chi
cago capitalists who are prepared to make
an expenditure of $2,500,000 for the con
struction of the plant.
HONOLULU, Sept. 17.— There is a grow
ing Impression here that a change in the
Governorship of the Territory is not far
distant. With this subject of gossip is
naturally connected the departure by to
day's steamer of Secretary Cooper and
Samuel Parker, both bound for Wash
ington. Copper Is ostensibly going to de
liver personally Into the hands of the
Secretary of the Interior his official re
port of the affairs of the. Territory for
the past year. At the same time it is
known that Cooper is being backed for
the position of Governor. The Home
Rulers at a caucus have nominated Dele
gate Wilcox.
Parker will only say that he Is going
to Washington primarily on private busi
ness, but that he will as before be pre
pared to answer any questions relating to
Hawaii, including the Governorship while
there. At this writing it does not appear
that the local Republican organization
has Interested itself in the matter.
Special Correspondence.
Hawaii Politicians Spec
ulate on Chances of
Change.
Water Front Notes.
The Nippon Maru sails for the Orient
to-day. Among her passengers will be
Prince Theodore Ipsilanti of Greece and
Baron von Poellintz.
Among the arri\-als yesterday was the
chip Emily F. Whitney, 19 days from Ka
bului.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POrtT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 26—
POINT LOBOS, fcept 28. 10 P m— Weather
hary; wind NW, velocity 24 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Auk 30, lat 9 S. Ion 25 W— Ger bark Alsteru
fer, £roni Hamburg, for Seattle.
FPOKEN
SAILED.
Thursday, September 26.
Etmr Edith. Hall. Seattle.
Stmr Corona. Gielow. Redondo and way
ports.
Stmr llanflalay. Reed, Coqullle River.
8tmr Navarre, Olsen, .
Sttnr Eureka, Jes*<?n, Eureka.
Stmr Matteawan, Ci-cscud. Tacoma.
Nor Btmr Horda, 6ved»en. Oyster Harbor.
Br ehlp KIne Kdward, Newman,' Queenstown.
Schr J G Wall, Andernon, Eureka.
Schr Balnbrtdte; Bauman, .
' Schr Del None. Jacobsen, Rome River.
- Scfcr Sailor Boy. Nysren, Gray* Harbor.
Br ehip Celtic Monarch. Lewis, Queenstown.
Thursday. September 26.
Br shio Mooltan. Efflmett, Queenstown; Bal
four, Guthrte & Co.
CLEARED.
Thursday. September 26.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nicholson, 30 hours from
Port Harfort and way ports.
Stmr Hanta. Rosa. Alexander, 40 hours from
San Ulfzo.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 30 hours from Monte-
Ship Emily F Whitney, Brieman, IS days
from Kahului. .
Bchr Mary C. Campbell. 5 hours from Point
P.ryes.
Snipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The British ship Mooltan cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 45,727 ctla bar
]•>>• valued at 141. 135 12. ISO ctls wheat valued
t.t S1L.SS0 and 1S.OCO ft lumber aa dunnage
valued at $270.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The South American steamships are
trying hard to work into the fortnightly
schedule. In order to make time the Co
lombia, which sails to-morrow, will stop
only at Mazatlan, Champerico, San Jose
de Guatemala. Acajutla, La Libertad.
Panama and South American ports, while
the JTucapel, which sails October 3, will
Ftop only at Mazatlan, San Bias, Man
zanillo, Acapmco. Panama and South
American ports. The flags of both ves
sels were at half mast' yesterday out of
respect to the memory of Captain A. C.
Judkins, who died in Valparaiso last V'ed
nesday. Captain Judkins was here on the
Colombia on her last trip.
Ports of Call Dropped.
J. W. Peter, purser of the Pacific Steam
Navigation Company's Colombia, is about
to retire. He has been continuously with
the Navigation Company since the days
of the paddle boats, having t»egun his sea
service in 1871. Mr. Peter intends to make
one mpre voyage and then retire.
Purser Will Eetire.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
The British ship County of Haddington,
now out nearly a year from New York
for Shanghai, fc« uninsurable. On the
French bark Anyou, now out 155 days
from Newcastle. England, for San Fran
cisco, 10 per cent is being paid. On the
schooner M. E. Watson, now out 79 days
from Rio de Janeiro for Valparaiso. 15
per cent, and on the British bark Glen
breck. now out 132 days from Newcastle,
England, for Valparaiso, 25 per cent.
The Overdue Fleet.
Andrew Kern, second mate of the ship
Emily Reed, pleaded guilty to a charge
of cruelty on the high seas in Honolulu a
fortnight ago and was sent to jail for
thirty days. Kern was accused of beat-
Ing Adolph Holmes, a sailor, while the
vessel was on her way from Australia to
Hawaii. Kern was held to appear before
the Grand Jury, but that body does not
tneet until October. Sooner than remain
a month in jail awaiting the decision of
the Grand Jury he pleaded guilty. He
gaid he could easily prove his Innocence.
but would rather have the matter over
and done with.
Innocent Yet Pleads Guilty.
GOVERNORSHIP
WORRIES THEH
ROBERT S. RAW, one of the best
known mining men In the State
and a prominent legislator during
the last two sessions at the cap
ital, died yesterday morning at
his home, 1412 O'Farrell street. Diabetes
was the direct cause of death. For more
than two months Mr. Raw had been ail
ing, and concluding that he was suffering
from rheumatism paid visits to Steamboat
Springs in Nevada and to Byron Springs
in this State. About two weeks ago his
condition became so serious that his wife
and daughter, who were visiting relatives
in Illinois, were Bent for. They were pres
ent at his bedside when the end came.
The funeral will take place Sunday
morning at 10. o'clock, the interment to be
In Mount Olivet Cemetery. Mr. Raw was
a Mason, identified with the lodge at Ga
lena. 111. _ „ _..,„
The deceased was born at Council Hill.
Ill, sixty years ago. He was a devoted
student of mining in his native State, and
coming to this coast In the sixties engaged
in the mining business and was soon re
garded as a foremost expert and engineer.
His first important engagement was as
superintendent of construction of the
great Sutro tunnel. During his fourteen
years' residence In this State he served
as superintendent of a number of famous
mines in Placer and El Dorado counties.
In the memorable fight over the United
States Senatorship in the thirty-third
session of the California Legislature As
semblyman Raw was foremost among the
consistent supporters of U. S. Grant Jr.
As a legislator Mr. Raw gave diligent at
tention to his public duties and main
tained the confidence and respect of his
fellow lawmakers. He was known as a
Ten Barkentines and Schooners for
Coast Trade Wearing Completion,
ten new coasters are nearing comple
tion and in another month will be added
to San Francisco's fleet. Among them
are the schooner C. F. Lehrman, building
at Everett for John Pederson; schooner
David Evans, building: at Coos Bay for
the Pacific Shipping Company; a barken
tine. building at Eureka for the Pacific
Shipping Company; schooner Advent,
building at Coos Bay for the Simpson
Lumber Company; schooner Alpena. build
ing at Port Blakeley for J. H. Baxter;
steamer Brooklyn, building at Gravs Har
bor for Beadle Bros.; steamer South Bay,
building at Tacoma for E. J. Dodge;
schooner Thomas P. Emigh, building at
Seattle for the Charles Nelson Company,
and the schooner Watson A. West, build
ing at Grays Harbor for the S. E. Slade
Lumber Company. These vessels will
carry over a, million feet of lumber.
UTEW VESSELS BUILDING.
NEW YORK— Sa'Ied Seat 26— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, for Hamburg: stmr L'Aquitaine, for
Havre; gtmr Frled,erich der Grosse, for Brem
en, via Southampton. :
QUEEN8TOWN— Arrived Sept 26— Stmr Bel
genland. from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
Sailod Sept 26— Stmr Majestic, for New York;
Ftmr Westernland. for Philadelphia.
ANTWERP- Sailed Sert 25— Stmr North
western, for Chicago. Sept 26— Stmr Penn
land. for Philadelphia.
LIVERPOOL-Sailed Sept 26— Stmr Tauric.
for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MA ZATL AN— Sailed Sept 25— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Sept 22-Bktn J L
Evlston. from Eureka.
COLON — Arrived Sept 25— Stmr Finance,
from New York.
Sailed Sept 25— Stmr Allianca, for New York.
ARICA— In port Aug 28— Nor bark Pharos,
for Ore~on.
CARDIFF— Sailed Sept 25— Br 8hln Thistle
bank, for Santa Rosalia.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Sept 25— Br
stmr Aleoa, from Manila.
Sailed Seat 25— Br stmr Empress of Japan,
for Vancouver.
Arrived Sept 26 — Br stmr Gaelic, hence Au
er.st 2S.
LUNDY ISLAND— Passed Sent 26— Br ship
Sierra Cordova, from Tacoma, for Queens
town.
DEAL — Passed Sept 25— Br ehip Ruthwell.
from Oregon, for Gueenatown.
FOREIGN PORTS.
Mrs. J. Xewton Bailey has not been
charged with the murder of her husband,
who died "Wednesday afternoon from the
effects of revolver wounds, and probably
never will be, as the police are Inclined
to believe that her statement to the ef
fect that her husband first fired a shot at
her and then Phot himself is correct. She
stated that she was standing at the end
of the dining-room when he tired the shot
at her, and yesterday Detectives Whit
aker and MoMahon, who have been de
tailed on the case, discovered the bullet
on th? floor. Its location bears out her
statement.
"1 believe that the woman has told a
straight story,' said Captain Seymour
yesterday, "and the finding of the bullet
to-day confirms my belief that her hus
band tried to kill her and then £hot him
self. She has not .jeen charged and I
don't think she ever will be. We will wait
till it is seen v;hat will be the result of
the inquest."
No one except Mrs. Bailey saw the shots
fired. Mrs. Charles Gardner, sister of
Mrs. Bailey, says that she had left the
house before Bailey took out his revolver.
The only point against Mrs. Bailey is the
statement of Dr. Lewis H. Allen to the
police to the effect that she told him on
his arrival at the home, 132 Duncan street,
that she had shot her husband. She said
yesterday that Dr. Allen is mistaken.
What she did say to him was that her
husband bad forgiven her for what she
had said and done, meaning the part she
had played in the quarrel that preceded
the shooting. She vehemently denies that
she fired the shot -that killed her hus
band, and feels keenly the suspicion cast
upon her. She was visited yesterday by
several of her. relatives and friends.
Stmr Iaqua, from Eureka.
PORT TOWNSEXD— Passed in Sept 26-Stmr
Senator, from Nome.
Sailed Sept 26— Schr J D Tallant. for Hal
phors.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 26— Schr Annie Lar
sen. for San Pedro.
SEATTLE — Sailed Sent 16-Stmr Walla
"Walla, for San Francisco. Sept 25— Stmr Ex
celsicr, for Valdes; stmr California, for Ta
cona.
Arrived Sent 2C — Stmr Garonne, hence Sept
20, for Xorac, returned on account of boilers
belnr disabled.
VENTURA— Arrived Sei>t 26— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, and sailed for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 26— Stmr Columbia,
hence Sej>t 24.
EL'REKA-Sailed Sept 26— Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco; stmr Santa Barbara, for San
Pedro.
NEAH BAY— Passed in Sept 26— Stmr Sena
tor, from Nome, for Seattle.
ELEELE-To sail Sept 19-Schr F M Slade,
for Grays Harbor.
The friendly rivalry grew out of the in
ternational yacht race, and each captain
will use every legitimate means to make
a quick run. Captain Colly of the Bab
cock said nothing during the discussion,
but it was easy to see that he was wish
ing his course lay in the direction of Eng
land Instead of N'ew York. Still the en
tire fleet will have to round the Horn, so
the Yankee clipper and British ships will
have a chance to try conclusions over
that much of the course.
The blockade of the grain fleet has been
broken and a fleet of seven vessels will
bo on Its way East and to Europe by
Saturday morning. The British ships Cel
tic Monarch and King Edward, fully load
ed and manned, pot away yesterday,
while the Dovenby, Mooltan. Glenesslin.
Koyledale and the American ship William
JK Babcock will sail to-morrow morning.
J tie latter vessel carries barley for New
"York, but the others are all loaded vritii
wheat for Europe.
There are several bets made on the out
come of the run to Europe. Captain
frltcnerd of the Glene.«=slln has wagered
a new suit of clothes with Captain New
map c f the Kinp Edward that his ship
will be home first In spite of the two
days" start which the King Edward has.
The captains of the Dovenby, Mooltan,
Glenesslin and Foyledale have agreed to
purchase the best pair of marine glasses
: in England for the captain of the win
ning ship.
Says-Sho Only Told Doctor
the Dying Man Had
Forgiven Her.
Ship William F. Babcock to
Join in the Run as Far
as Cape Hlorn.
Mrs. Bailey Insist3 Her
Husband Committed
Suicide.
England.
Six of the Fleet Will
Race From Here to
GRAIN VESSELS
BREAK BLOCKADE
POLICE BELIEVE
STORY OF WIDOW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1901.
Assemblyman Robert ' Raw, Who Was. in
Charge of the Work of Constructing Sutro
Tunnel, Dies at His Home in This City
MINE SUPERINTENDENT
OF NOTE PASSES AWAY
LATE MINING SUPERINTEND
ENT AND POLITICIAN WHO
DIED YESTERDAY.
7
Steamer. . From. Due.
Dirlgo Skagruay & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Cbas. Kelson., Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Nome City Nome and Teller Sept. 23
Senator Nome direct Sept. 28
City of Seattle. Ekag-uay & Way Ports. Sept. 2S
Roanoke ..". Nome & St. Michael.. Sept. £8
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. . 2
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 3
City of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 5
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
September 27.
Empire Coos Bay' ...12 m Pier 13
Arcata Coos Bay 12 mlPIer 13
Nippon Maru I China & Japan — 1 pmlPMSS
September 28. |
TCorth Fork.. Humboldt 9 amIPier 2
Colombia Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Her 9
San Bias Panama & Way.. 12 m PMSS
September 29.
San Pedro — Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
September 30.
Geo.W. Elder, 1 Aetoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Rainier I Seattle & X. What 5 pm Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
October 1. | |
Eureka Humboldt I 9 ami Pier 13
October 3. I
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
Corona Redondo & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Walla Walla Pugtt Sound Pts.. 11 am Pier 9
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
; October !».
Peru jChina & Japan 1 pmfPMSR
Columbia.. '...I Aetoria & Portland 11 am|Pier 24
Steamer. | From. Due.
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 27
Progresm Tacoma — : Sept. 27
City or Sydney Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Point Arena... Point Arena Sept. 27
Pomona | Humboldt Sept. 27
Peru : China and Japan Sept. 23
Enterprise X. Y. via Panama.... Sept. 28
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 29
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports Sept. 23
Wa*htenaw Tacoma Sept. 29
Bristol Oyster Harbor Sept. 2J
Wellington.... Oypter Harbor Sept. 21
Crescent City.. Crescent City Sept. 38
Corona Redondo & Way Ports|Oct. 1
Curccao Mexican Ports Oct. 2
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Oct. 2
Arcata Coos Bay O=t. 2
Santa. Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 3
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports Oct. 4
T'matilla Puget Round Ports Oct. A
Argyll New York via Panama Oct. ">
Sun rises 6:01
Hun sets 6.00
Moon seta 5:17 a. m.
Time Time Time Tlmo
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
LW HW LW HW
27 ... 4:11 0.7 10:39 5.S 4:40 0.4 11:09 5.5
28 ... 4:53 1.0 11:13 5.8 5:22 0.0
H W L W H W U W
23... 0:0S 5.4 5:32 1.3 11:50 5.9 6:11-0.3
30 .. 0:58 5.2 6:15 1.7 12:30 6.0 7:01 _0.4
1 .. 1:59 5.0 C:S8 2.1 1:14 6.1 7:58—0.4
2 .. 3:01 4.S 7:45 2.6 2:01 5.8 8:56—0.3
3 ... 4:09 4.7 8:49 3.0 3:00 5.7 10:06 -0.2
SPECIAL SALE
FRIDAY and SATURDAY
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
'' 150 latest style TAILOR SUITS, com-
mencing at
$10.00 to $30.00.
A clean sweep at a big discount.
100 BLACK SILK GRENADINE and
SILK TAFFETA SKIRTS, ranging from
$10.00 to $50.00. \
Way below their value; must be seen
to be appreciated.
75 FUR CAPES, in Electric Seal and
River Mink; 14, 16 and 18 inches long; silk
lined; below market prices,
$6.50 to $20.00.
1230=1232=1234 MARKET ST.
AMUSEMENTS.
OLVH MAT R £JA>
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
FAREWELL. MATINEE SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS.
EXTRAORDINARY REVIVAL.
SAPHO.
Next Week— Opening o? New Stock Com-
"liberty'hall."
SEATS NOW READY.
HIGH FLYERS~In" VAUDEVILLE !
¦ •• — — —
The Svengalis, Press Eldridge, Parros
; Brothers, Dorothy Morton and the
Blograph. Last times of the Misses
Dehnore and Company, Mr. and
Mrs. Karsy and their Giant Myrio-
phone, Stella Lee and Marsh, and
Sartella.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony,' 10c; Box Seats,
and Opera Chairs, 50c. ¦ • • .
BEIASCO amo THAlESsMflg,
TO-NIGHT and Saturday and Sunday Ev'gs,
SOUVENIR
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Everybody will be presented with an autograph
photo of Ollie Cooper as the Litttle Lord.
Elaborate Production ot the Famous Play.
LITTLE LORD
l=A UNTLERQY.
HDIffcC Evenings 10c, 15c, 25c, 33c, $0o
I illW'EJ Matinees..... ....10c. 13c. 25c
Next Monday— The Powerful Melodrama.
•?KIDNAPPED."
CHUTES AND_ZOO p^^|
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
SPECIAL. - - - TO-MORROW NIGHT
GRAND INTERNATIONAL CAKEWALK !
Telephone for Seats Park 23.
tflQPWFR'^ CONCERT-HOUSE,
i Lester Reeves. Pearl Clough and Arthur Rou-
seli: Robert Nome; Ma* Tunlson: Lynton and
'Wild; the Bernards; Richards and Reiyea and
our unrivaled orchestra. ,
Reserved Seats. 23c. Matinee Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
So^aT g SEPTEMBER 30,
The Musical Hit of Three Continents.- '
Last Performance Sunday Night.
In. Sydney Rosenfeid's Romantic Comic Play
/%. MODERNCRUSOE
SEABROOKE
LAST 3 NIGHTS— Matinee Saturday.
Mr. Melville Stoltz Presents THOS. Q.
VUbVlfiolA LEADING THEATHf
SEATS NOW READYl
AMUSEMENTS.
GRANDS
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
, I^AST THREE NIGHTS OF
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In Richard Mansfield's Favorite Play,
"DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE."
j Founded on Robert Louis Stevenson's Story,
POPULAR PRICES ........10c, 15c. 25e, 50n, 75c
.: Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c,
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
' Next "Week— Joseph Hnworth In "THE MER-
CHANT OF VENICE."
Wash.: "Herpicide cured me perfectly of
dandruff and falling hair."
Dr. K. J. Beardsley, Champaign, III.: "I
used Herpicide for dandruff and fall!n?
hair, and I am well satisfied with the re-
sult."
Alf R- Kelly. 2195 Devlsadero street. San
Francisco: "Herpicide put a new growtSi
of hair on my head. Herpicide does mote
than Is claimed."
Herpicide kills the dandruff germ. "De-
stroy the cause, you remove the effect" —
dandruff, falling hair and finally bald-
ness. At all druggists.
New Sclentiftc Dandruff Treatment
Recommended by a Physician.
Mrs. Mary <J. Crawford, Oakesdale,
IT CITBZD THE DOCTOB.
AMTISEMENTS.
*TIVOLI*
Evenings at 8 sharp! Matinee Saturday at S
sharp !
TO-NIGHT and SATURDAY NIGHT..;:;
/VAeucco.
SAL.ASSA. BARBARESCHI. DADO. POI#-
LETTINI.
Sunday Evening: and Saturday Matlr.ee,
CARMEN.
Great Cast With COLL.AMARINI.
NEXT WEEK— "CAVALL.ERIA" and "PAO-
LIACCI," and Last of "CARaiEN."
POPULAR PRICES.. 25c. 50c and 750
Telephone Bush 9.
LAST TIMKS TO-NIGHT,
MATINEE TO-MORROW and TO-MORROW
EVENING Of ,
HOVT'^ Best Work
. MIvyi * *^ and Masterpiece
A TEXAS STEER
. NEXT SUNDAY MCHT—
WEST'S BIG
MINSTREL
JUBILEE.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
Coming— HERRMANN THE GREAT.
BASEBALL.
LOS ANGELES vs. SAN FBANCISCO.
TO*DAY AND SATURDAY AT 3 P.M.
SUNDAY... .__ AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
. OF»EI>f NIGHTS
SUTRO KATHS. *
Open dally from 7 a. m. to U p. m.-
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10C. CHILDREN. 5C.
naming. Including admission. 23c. Children. 20c.
PALACE HOTELr
For a quarter of a century these,
hotels have been the headquarters ot
tourists and travelers whq have
journeyed from all parts of ths world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan.
GRAND HOTElI"
U/. T. HESS,
NOTAKY FUBLI0 AND ATTO-INSY-AT-LA'V. .
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus Sprockets i:tdz.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 821 California at., below Porrcli,
Residence Telephone Jarnss ISO^
JOE BOSENSEBG'S.
fflBf J||' 9m€ Cs££/i 9 i/iilt/l m
j^^^^^^^^M Never Before Have Values Lika Thase I
Been Offered to a Bargain- i
LADIES' 'WAISTS made of I
" : 1 8 ilSSStf&l^ Wsss Swiss Silk Tnff 8t2 ' the t i ualit y m
- $ fS&NXV that wears well » cluster tucked H
O&wi^ily ta ° k and ' f r * nt ' NeW Bisll0 I 3 |!
J^\$WN\y sleeves, stitched fly and cuffs, n
IllilS*? lined adjustable collar, good ||
3^'^^ ***£$iiiKWV'' faSt black ' a look " wil1 convince Js
i*lll)i^|P^ you that it: is worth twice tbe H
U I <%/&^\ ${,oo INSTEAD OF $1.50. I
Em I \ Some striking vslucs in nn- £3
kj dcrskirts department. ?*3
I $1.00 Instead of $2.00. . ADI ff' snB ™ ff e ° f i
U >Tt-^ 3°5 pairs of LA- test < l uallt y mercerized Italian B
II v^-^K. DIES* DRAWERS* cloth, finished with a 10 inch* 9
M C^**^A m ? de « *J f ». the £ e . s * dee P accordeon pleated fiouncc, ra
Km v. i soft finish cambric, , . ,, , ., .,¦,•, - "
W Jfcw-idL finisn ed with an 8- cut ful1 and "wide, full length. B
i *®^^ L nch embroidery Extraordinary values. .$1 Of) »
Ej flounce, also hem- <0I.UU 34
H stitched and tucked.. The embrold- MavaI in Pnnrirtintlnn DSmS in 1m H
|| ery is buttonhole edged, open ef- "DYCl ill GOnSuUCtiOi!, KiCil !il Ap~ M
Eg feet; the newest Parisian patterns. • pa?nnna Irnn In Wo*r M
H lou cannot buy the embroidery for pBaldlJCGi 11011 III lYeai. hi
m ' « h< ; j? r j, ce l ask for the Drawera our new rosine a
B finished. When you see them /^V> CORSETS, a corset 9
feg you 11 say this Is the store that fcg* and abdominal reducer g
m advertises fact gl.OO W3 in one. It does what I
m Sale O'Farrell street entrance. JL \ no other corset will do: 9
m <^4?O5 lengthens the waist S
pl Tfi-Ian flnH Tn-Unrrnw /A* "^J from the waist line 3
m iu jaj ana lo-iworrow / /%&&* down, gives the long i
m We will inaugurate a sale of moro i V^f^V' ti dip effect so fashion- Sj
|9 than passing interest In our Hand- SkN/i/-.' able and perfect g
M kerchief Department. «' garter fasteners at- £}
§3 £?'*^>S First, we havo ¦ tached to the corset In Bj
5f3 %£) "^*P LADIES' FINE front and so keeps any tendency *
jig t«s- • r LAWN HAND- to a large abdomen down. A fast- »
H y \& '*]' KERCHIEF, ener that never pulls, never draws m
JS iw~v». f' neatly hemstitch- or twists and is perfectly comfort- B
is jSJfes — i —^TF t \~ e< *- You couldn't able because It moves automatic- IhS
51 ' y?-.\f^p buy the material ally with every motion . of the fig
Eg 17 s for the price we limbs. It Is made of best sateen, re|
Kj I , are asking 3c bias cut, hand-gored, lace-trimmed. Ijsj
g| 1' A ALSO LADIES' drawn through with satin ribbon g
m fj>^'- '-?) HANDKER- and finished at the top with full g"j
ra CHIEFS made o 1 * rosettp of satin ribbon. Well boned gX
fa very best Belfast linen, neatly hem- wltn new low « sloping bust, m
m stitched. Best for the least here... straight-front steel; J3 would not 89
ffj <}V4t* e a cen t too much; our way of «j
H AGAIN, GENTS' HANDKER- sellln S --81.5O ||
B CHIEFS, made of best quality Jap- Philri'Q Forrk Waick M
§1 onet, a material that Is soft aa « n!1B 5 remi ""ISIS. fg
§f silk and has the appearance of silk The only reliable waist for chll- fig
El and weara much better; colored dren. It is made of best English M
If hemstitched borders, Japanese de- twill cloth, double row patent tape- «9
ra signs. Rosenberg's price always sewn buttons, which prevents them jra
D lowest 10c from being torn off: also hose- pa
III supporter attachments. Rosen- jgj
I Why Are We Always Busy? bergs qulcl f sellInK p rlce -— 25c m
a r3?«$3 t Because we are Eienftilillg SS AdY8rtiSS(l. W
I *Sfr ¦ Sc'fun^alue #t^ We sh0W yoU the l
I .i^tt^^JJ Se d r O e U ceivcdels." «$P"7fl P reach our store a3
m &S5^££§8*\ whPrP /ill/ were advertised; no fe§
H fl>2*$9§«8L\ Now If « a r*~n III I !n ferI ° r goods shown 1
1 '6£3§«$S1^ hr * YFir h fm' W witn the explanation £5
m • Kjaatssp^f Iar * veil, foi .. that the advertiseil g
H \^w ([fX WBrJ • • • • ;• • •:•••" • «>**; roods have all been sold." **l
I.A..*.i.'-W^ in^™? varlat? SOROSIS GLOVES, made of best If
some fancy mesh, pffi'velvet'of y^SSs'Siif tKwffw ri7ve £
chenille dotted, pepper and salt ef- Our ortce * *f tui
feet, also complexion veils. Our ifin t Anipa-'rVKvFirm!^ S
crowd-bringing price 25c of A £f°' I
f,_,ii,:,. ui.ui, n..j;. M finished double tipped fingers, i
SOmStlling WOrttl Reading. stitched back, two clasp.-; look and >
A Guaranteed TOOTH BRUSH. fit llke sued , e ' bu * wear three times f
made of finest natural bristles and ** long tor hal * the money. J
• fastened so they won't fall out; Price JoC I
should they come out within three r,, nP |- n *: H ~. tku tj«« it I. • if... K
months from date of purchase we tVSriaSlfng — I UlS 11018 It 13 a H0S8. |
will give you a new brush free. Y«.u CHILDREN'S HOSE, made of |
can pay 75c and you would not get best quality Peruvian cotton, double E
its equal. Our way of selling, the heels, toes and knees, warranted £
M best for the least JJ.-Jc fast black; a hose made for school e
19 OAiNMthSniv L> n i., I. DSkk... wear, good, strong and durable; Kj
H ". SOmetning NBW in KlOOOnS. winter weight, very elastic. A price ffl
K It is the SATIN TAFFETA-just " wortn considering U^c #$
B the ribbon for neckwear; 4^ inches Phonnmanal Qolllnff ftf llnrlorotirfo kl
H wide, satin on one side and taffeta rnenOlIl8Ilal oSIUng OT UnuSlSXiriS, M
m on the other, all. pure silk; in all LADIES' SKIRTS, made of best B
fa the newest desirable colors. A Daisy flannel. French band, and H
H lucky purchase of ours enables us flnishe'd with 3%-inch torchon lac«; Mb
B to sell them one-third less than you cut very wide. Worth twice the S3
m have paid for them 20c price we ask T3c ¦.
1 me PIIQENRERP 816 MARKET street, I
B JULilUdCllDCnU Running through to ft OTarrel/. S
1 Mail Orders Solicited. PHELAN BUILDING. i
aJ^A^^.-^^ Jk \l J W
JOE ROSENBERG'S.Fifth race, mile and seventy yards— Paul Clif
ford won Alard Scheck second, Anna Darling
third. Time. 1:45.
Sixth race, about six furlongs— Tower of Can
dles ¦ won, Sadducee second, Bastile third.
Time, 1:10 1-5.
Fourth race, Algeria stakes, five furlongs,
selling— Femesole won, Man-o'-War second,
Leonida third. Time. :59 3-5.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— Gravesend results:
First race, handicap, about six furlongs-
Gold Seeker won, Caugnnawaga second. Golden
Cottage third. Time. 1:11.
Second race, mile and a furlong, selling —
Lady Chorister won. Little Daisy second. In
trusive third. Time, 1:55.
Third race. Hitchcock steeplechase handicap,
about two and a half miles — Zanzibar won.
Jessie C second. Miss Mitchell third. Time.
4:51. ¦ -
ON EASTEBN RACETRACKS.
Racing in Oregon.
SALKM,. Or.. Sept. 26.— Results:
Salem Chamber of Commerce stakes (five
heats yesterday)— Pa thmark won. Star key aec
ond. Best time, 2:25.
Webtoot stakes, tor three-year-old trotters^ —
T. D. C. won. Edmund S second. Best time,
2:36i4.
Capital City stake, for 2:20 trotters— Mount
Hood won, Oveta second. Sax Alene third. Best
time. 2:24.
Kunnlng, five furlongs— Little Henry won,
Regalong second, .Fatsy Dolan third. Time,
1:04. • * ¦ V ¦
Mile and an eighth— Justus Goebel won. Irati
second, Kavorita third. Time, I:o8ii.
2:20 pace, purse J1000— Cambria Maid won
in straight heats. Time, 2:12%, 2:12%, 2:13.
Teddy U, Eldorone, Daay, Ante, Annie M,
St. Patrick's Day and" Julius also started.
2:06 pace, purse $1000— Edith ."W won in
straight heats. Time, 2:05%, 2:05^4, 2:05%.
Harry O, Riley B, Tom Ogden and Du
mont also started.
2:16 pace, purse $1000 (five heats decided
Wednesday)— Birch Bud won first, third
and sixth heats. Time, 2:11, 2:14, 2:14.
Happy. Wilkes won fourth and fifth heats.
Time, 2:13, 2:15. Hal Clipper won the sec
ond heat. Time, 2:16. Antrose, Baron B,
Frank McKinney. John H and Violation
also started:
CINCINNATI, Sept. 26.— At Oakley Park
to-day In the 2:06 pace Edith W went the
three fastest consecutive heats ever paced
by a mare. Summary:
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 26.— Cresceua.
the king of trotters, to-day failed to lower
his record of 2:02#. made at Columbus,
Ohio. August 2. in a trial on the Belmont
Driving Club course at Narlmrth, a sub
urb of this city. The great son of Robert
McGregor stepped the mile in 2'MVi. with
out a skip, and thereby reduced the track
record of 2:08%, made by Alir.. on Novem
ber 7. 1894.
Everything was conducive to nne time.
The track was lightning fa3t and thera
was not enough breeze to interfere with
the progress of the great tro.ter.
There were nearly 8000 people present
when Owner Ketcham brought Cresceua
on the track for his first jog. He wanned
Z? in the stretch for a tew minutes and
then Jogged around the track in 2.31^.
After a rubbing down Cresceus was
brought out for his preliminary triaL
Without a pacemaker he diet the mile in.
2'13 1 4
It' was 4:20 when the horse made his ap
pearance for the final effoit at record
breaking. After scoring once Ketcham
gave the starter the nod an a the trotter
was off, paced by a runner attached to a
S *When the first quarter was reached in
:3<Hi everybody thought the record would
surely be broken. The second quarter on
the straight backstretch was made In 30&
seconds, but the third was a fraction of a
second slower. Turning into the home
stretch Ketcham urged the trotting ma
chine to his utmost, but the best he couid
do was :2\V-> for the quarter. As the horse
flashed under the wire a great shout went
up from the crowd, which immediately
swarmed around the horse and owner.
Ketcham had no excuse to offer for the
failure to break the record, saying the
track and weather were favcrable.
Summary: Time, 2:02Vi; Crcsceus, 2:WV 2 .
Time by quarters— :30%, 1:0:.. 1:33. 2:04 1 /2-
Wins the 2:06 Pace From
Some Clever Side
wheelers.
Great Son of Robert McGregor
Succeeds in Lowering
the Track Time.
Edith W Goes the Three
Best Heats Ever
Shown.
Cresceus, King of Trot
ters, Goes a Mile
in 2:04 1-2.
FAST PAGING
AT CINCINNATI
FAILS TO BREAK
FORMER RECORD
BOXER CEORGE GARDNER RULES FAVORITE OVER JOE WALCOTT
NOTED BOXERS WHO WILL MEET TO-NIGHT IN MECHANICS' PA
VILION IN WHAT IS EXPECTED TO PROVE ONE OF THE GREAT
EST FIGHTS EVER SEEN ON THIS COAST. . .
Playing cards, poker chips, crib boards,
dice and tally cards. I The best at lowest
prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market.*
Get Into the Game.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 26.— An attempt
was made late last night >-to destroy by
fire the Hotel La Palma, in the course of
erection. Inflammable materialwas placed
in the unfinished Wall ; and - ignited. A
passer-by - discovered' the . fire and -the
blaze was extinguished before, It had made
any great headway. There is no clew 'to
the would-be incendiary.
Attempt Made to, Burn a Hotel.
WASHINGTON, Sept. "26,-The funeral
service over the remains of the late J. M.
Wilson, ' chief consul for Admiral 1 Schley,'
were held at the Church of the Covenant
this afternoon. • The • church was filled
with a representative audience, including
many persons prominent In official life.
The Rev. Dr. Hamlin read the burial ser
vice of the Presbyterian church and brief-"
ly» extolled the virtues of the dead. Inter
ment was in Oak Hill Cemetery. ?
Funeral of Judge Wilson.
President McKinley's Estate.
•WASHINGTON. Sept. 28.-George B.
Cortelyou, secretary to the President, left
here to-night for ' Canton to settle the
estate and adjust some personal affairs of
the late President McKinley.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 26.— The handicap
trap-shooting at 100 birds for a purse. of
5800, the chief event at the shooting tour
nament to-day, was won by Ira- B. Post
of Spencervllle, Ohio, .who killed ninety
seven. L. J. Sucer of Cincinnati defeated
Elliott, Crosby, Heikes and other world
famous shots in the other events.
New Trapshooting Wonder.
SAN; JOSE, Sept. 26.— The California
Packers' Company announces that -it will
weigh and deliver to the Growers' Asso
ciation at once all the prunes in its ware
houses. The president of the association
to-day appointed a number of large firms
and brokers over the country as agents
to sell Its fruit. President Woods an
nounces that it will at once enter active
ly into competition for business. Officers
of the California Packers' Company say
a powerful syndicate of packers .will be
organized in the State to engage in the
fruit business, and with more money than
anything' the State has known. .::•.,
Packers. Will Deliver Prunes.
Dale F. B Swain
Taylor, Hover Q Buelna
¦ - Palo Alto
Stanford. Positions. High School.
Sefton, Kehrleln..-L. E Dudley
Stillman, Taxpey. L. T Barrett
Van Cycle L. G Porter
Xisson C Meyers
Cruthers It. G Barber
Austin. Boyles....i R. T Karier
Wilbur, Moore R. E Jordan
Kehrlein. DohertyR. 11 Burke
Trowbridie, . .'•
Tarpey Tj. H Jordan
. STANFORD UNIVERSITY,. Sept. 26.—
This afternoon the freshman team lined up
against the Palo Alto High School eleven.
The score was 6 to 0 in favor of the fresh
men. There was plenty of good individual
playing. Following was the lineup:
Football at Stanford.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.— Postofflce dis
continued: Washington— Crescent, Lin
coln County, superseded by rural free de
livery from Reardon. Postmasters com
missioned: Oregon— Ereck Hanberg, Hop
kins; Lucy B. Elliott, Kellogg. Appoint
ed: California — Jennie Smith, Agenda; J.
W.* Libbie, Enterprise; R. • A. Spencer,*
Hermitage; C. T. Brooks, Pine Ridge; M.
M. Carroll, Pismo; L. E. Lewis, Prune
dale; A. J. Rother Tahoe. Oregon— B. F.
Bond, Irving; 'Edith Raupach, Tremont.
Washington— Emma Ayars, Mohler. Pen
sions granted: California— Original (war
with Spain)— Clarence P. Gonyou, Lodi, $6.
Increase — Eri A: Lashbrooks, Los Ange
les,'. $12; Humphrey B. Heator, Veterans'
Home, Napa, 510; David' Wolfe, Sonoma,
58; William H. Moore, Campbell, 58.
Widows— Catherine Doan, Sacramento, 58.
Oregon— Increase— Levl H. Faucett, Med
ford, $7 50.
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
Participants and spectators joined in the
strains of "God Save the King," when the
visitors took their leave." r ..
United .States Consul Graham was pre
sented to the Duke by the Mayor and was
given a very cordial greeting.
The Duke and Duchess were the guests
at dinner to-night at Government House
The city was brilliantly illuminated and
during the night there was. a .torchlight
procession; and an elaborate display of
fireworks. : ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ • . .
At the conclusion of the ceremonies at
the City Hall, the Duke and Duchess were
driven to Government House, where they
lunched with Lieutenant - Governor and
Mrs. McMillan. In the afternoon the Duke
and Duchess assisted in the formal open
ing of the new building of the Manitoba
University, where another v large crowd
gathered and loudly cheered: the visitors
Three thousand school children sang pa
triotic songs and a cadet company of In
dian boys gave an exhibition drill.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, Sept. 26.— The
Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York
received their first welcome to the West
at Winnipeg to-day. They arrived at
noon 'and remained for ten yours. The
next stop on the tour will be to-morrow
at Regina. Thousands of visitors from
tne prairie towns gathered for participa
tion in the reception here and the streets
were filled with cheering crowds when the
party , arrived. All the local militia and
police, the regulars quartered here and
several civic societies were formed about
the station.' The Duke and -Duchess were
welcomed by Premier Laurier and the
Countess of Minto, Lieutenant Governor
McMillan, Premier Roblin, Mayor Arbuth
not. the Bishops of the Roman Catholic
and Anglican cnurches, the Justices of the
Supreme Court and a number of,promi
nent citizens. After the formal presenta
tions the Duke and Duchess were escorted
through flag-bedecked streets and under
great arches -made of wheat stalks and In
front of the City Hall, where a series of
addresses were made to them. The Duke
replied, after 'which he presented service
medals to ninety-six Canadians who
served with the Colonial J contingent in
South Africa, i . . .
i Captain Patterson reports that he did
not see anything of the steamer Nome
City, which sailed from Dutch Harbor,
September 17, for Nome with disabled ma
chinery, but thinks she will reach her des
tination all right, as . the . weather was
good.
News comes from Dutch Harbor to the
effect that the killing of seals on St. Paul
and St. George Islands has : caused the
seals to look for new quarters. A Japa
nese schooner found a new rookery. In the
Aleutian group on an island called Doul
dyr and made a raid on it, killing. most of
the seals. Probably over 2500 carcasses
were found there >by^ Captain Peterson^ of
the schooner Challenger, 'who reported It
Sick and indigent people at. Nome have
reached such large numbers that the
question of what shall be done with them
is the main topic. This year there is no
Government transport on which they can
be sent south, as was the case last year,
and the outlook for them is exceedingly
gloomy. The hospitals are taxed to their
utmost capacity and ' the sick and dis
tressed are clamoring for admission. Just
before the Senator sailed a mass meeting
was to be called for the purpose of raising
money to send that class out on the last
boat.
The largest nugget ever found in the
no'rth was taken out of Anvil" Creek Sep
tember 14. - It weighs ninety-seven ounces
and is valued at $1552. A rich strike • Is
reported on the head of Grouse Gulch.
The pay streak is seventy-nve feet deep
and of unknown extent. The claim was
bonded for $50,000 and the bond had lapsed
but a few days before the strike was
made.
The Senator sailed from Nome Septem
ber 16. Out of a large number of passen
gers on the Senator not one of them,
brought out as much money as they took
with them. All speak in high terms of the
country as a mining section, but say that
the laws are such that it will be years
before the country will open up. , They
say that' not one new claim, has been
opened in the vicinity of Nome this seasbn
for the reason that when prospectors flnd
pay diggings some one comes along and
claims it by right of prior location, and
it Is then tied up in court.
PORT TOTVNSEND, Wash., Sept. 26.—
The ' steamship Senator arrived from
Nome to-day bringing nearly 500 passen
gers and over $500,000 in treasure. The
Senator experienced good weather until
a point 200 miles off the Vancouver, coast,
when she encountered a terrific gale
which lasted several hours. A minor ac
cident occurred no her machinery and
while repairs were being made the steam
er rolled fearfully, she having no freight
or ballast.
Treasure-Laden Steam
ship Meets With a
Terrific Gale.
Thousands Greet Them
With Song and
Cheers.
MADISON, S. D., Sept. 26.— The second
day's coursing programme as carried out
here to-day was an improvement over
yesterday. Hares were plentiful. In the
Aberdeen cup, incomplete from yesterday,
Clontarf Boy was drawn and Lady Egan
ran a bye; H. Hornby's Princess Green
dine beat Handy and Markham's Hungry
Alelvin; Jack McKeen's Royal Hurrah
beat Handy and Markham's Havana Maid
after an undecided; E. Winegar's Loki
beat J. H. Rossiter's Rocker; C. M.
Kelly's Crawford Bell beat "W. L. Root's
Tennessee.
In the puppy stake, first round, "William
Foster's Iris beat C. E. Root's Nancy
Lee; George Wethersell's ' McKinley Lad
beat N. D. McGillvery's Lydla Mac; E.
M. Kellogg's Hettle Green beat Handy
and Markham's Homillette; John Charl
ton & Son's Cloudburst beat Dan Mc-
Kinnon's Sparkle; Harry Waird's Red
wood Boy beat H. Hornby"s Diamond S.
South. Dakota Coursing.
ROYAL VISITORS
REACH WINNIPEG
to the cutter Manning. The" Manning
started out looking for the seal poachers,
but failed to find them. She picked up a
boat with three Japanese sealers, who
had been lost and took them to Unalaska
and turned them over to the United States
authorities.
Fast Automobile Racing.
BUFFALO, N. T., Sept, 26.— In the au
tomobile races on the Fort Erie racetrack
to-day Winton of Cleveland reduced the
miie record for a circular track; to 1:16.
Fournier, the famous French chauffeur,
later lowered this record to 1:14.
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke. c. f 4 110 2 0 1
"Wilson, c 3 110 6 11
Hildebrand, 1. f 4 1 2 03 0 \ 0
Schwartz, r. f 3 0 0 0 1 0^0
Pabst. lb 4 0 2 0 9.20
Krug. 2b 4 2 10 2 5 2
Shay. b. s 4 1112 2 2
J. Reilly, 3b 4 12 112 1
lburg. p 4 0 0 0 12 0
Totals 34 7 10 2 27 14 7
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dougherty, r. f 5 2 2 0 2 0 2
Reltz, 2b 5 0 3 0 2 3 1
Hemphill. 1. f 4 0 3 0 2 0 1
Householder, c. f.... 5 0 1 0 2 0 0
Kihm, lb 3 10 0 5 2 2
C. Reilly. 3b 4 1 0 0 1 2 0
Kelly, s. e 4 0 0 0 3 3 2
Spies, c 3 110 7 3 0
Altrock, p 4 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 87. 5 10 0 24 14 8
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco ..¦ 0 0232000*— 7
Base hits 0 12 3 3 0 10 •— 10
Los Angeles 0 0 0 2 0 0 10 2— ,5
Base hits 3 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 4—10
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— lburg 2. Two-base hit
—Nordyke. Sacrifice hit— Spies. First base on
errors — San Francisco 3, Los Angeles 4. First
base on called balls— San Francisco 3, Los An
geles 2. Left on bases— San Francisco 5, Los
Angeles 8. Struck out— By Iburg 3, by Altrock
3. Double play— 'Wilson, unassisted. Time of
game— 1:50. Umpire— Lou Hardie. Official
scorer— H. S. McFarlin.
m
Senators Win on Home Grounds.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 2S.— Hotter won
his game to-day by a score of 5 to 4. Hod
son, who officiated for the visitors, was
touched up for ten safe hits. An error by
Arrellanes let in three runs that won the
game for the home team. Both nines
played listless ball, and the cripples/add
ed another victim to their accident list,
as Drennan turned his. ankle and retired
to the bench, Moskiman filling his posi
tion. Score: . , \
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Devereaux, s. s 3 0 112 2 0
Flood, 2b 4 0 0 0 . 4 8 0
Sheehan, 3b.... 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Courtney, c. f 2 2 1 15 0 0
Doyle, r. f 4 2 2 0 4 0 0
McLaughlln. 1. f.... 3 1 0 1 0 0 ~ 0
Davis, lb 4 0 3 0 7 0 I)
Stanley, c 4 0 2 1 4 1 0
Hoffer, p 3 0. 1 0 1 2 1
Totals 31 5 10 4 27 S 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, c. f 2 110 10 0
Mohler, 2b 2 2 1 1 2 1 0
Streib, lb 5 13 0 7 0 1
Eagan, s. s 3 0 1 0 2 3 1
Dunleavy, 1. f 3 0 0 0 2 10
Arrellanes, r. i 3 0 0 0 1 0 1
Lohman. c 3 0 10 3 2 0
Babbitt. 3b 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Hodson, p 3 0 0 0 14 0
Moskiman, c. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Totals 30 4 7 1 24 11 ~3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.,
Sacramento 0 2 0 0 3 0 0 0* — 5
Base hits 0 3 0 13 2 0 1 •— 10
Oakland 1 020 00100—4
Baee hits 2 0200. lit 1—7
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Hodson 2, Hotter 4.
Two-base hit— Davis. Sacrifice hits—McLaugh
lin, Babbitt, Hoffer, Eagan. First base on
errors— Sacramento 3. First base on called
balls— Off Hodson 4, oft Hoffer 6. Left on
bases — Oakland 8, Sacramento 8. Struck out —
By Hodson 1, by Hotter 3. Hit by pitcher —
Mohler. Double plays— Moskiman to Lohman;
Flood to Davis to Devereaux. "Wild pitch—
Hoffer. Time of game— 1:45. Umpire— Levy.
Scorer — Rutherford. '¦ •
STORM SHAKES
GOLDEN CARGO
Dixon weighed in at 121 pounds and
Yanger at 124. The second and concluding
rounds were the best of the fight. In
the former they came together without'
any preliminary fiddling and played a
merry tattoo on each other's ribs. Dixon
was compelled to break ground frequent
ly. In the last round Yanger rushed Dix
on, administering terrific punishment on
the body. The latter was game and gave
flashes of his former prowess by counter
ing heavily, but each time he was forced
to break ground as the Chicago boy bore
in. This round was decidedly in Yanger's
favor. Dixon showed well In the eighth.
Toward the end of the round he nailed
Yanger in one corner of the ring and
planted every blow known In the fighting
category upon him. #
George Slier acted as referee.
Dixon Escapes a Knockout.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 26.— Benny Yanger of
Chicago gained the decision here to-night
over George Dixon, the former feather
weight champion of the world, after fif
teen rounds of fast fighting. It was enly
Dixon'S ring generalship that saved him
from a knockout. ¦
In the one-mile open professional the
final heat was won by G. H. Collett, Kew
Haven: J. T. Fisher, Chicago, second;
H. B. Freeman, Portland, Or., thiru.
Time, 2:28.
Jimmy Michael rode against the indoor
single motor-paced record for three miles.
Me covered two miles in 3:05 and three
in 4:37 3-5, establishing new records for
those distances. The time for the third
mile, 1:32 3-5, is the fastest ever accom
plished behind single pace.
2CEW YORK. Sept. 26.— There was plen
ty of excitement 'in Madison-square
Garden when Major Taylor defeated
Frank Kramer in an unpaced match, best
two out of three, mile heats, for the un
paced indoor championship of America.
Taylor won in two straight heats. In
the eighth lap of the first heat as Taylor
jumped the Jersey rider Kramer's ma
chine slipped and Kramer fell, Taylor
finishing alone. Kramer protested but
the judges decided against him. In the
second heat Taylor again Jumped Kramer
in the sixth lap and won by six feet.
Time, 2:53 3-5, 2:36 4-5.
"Major" Taylor Defeats Kramer.
R. H. E.
Milwaukee 10 14 0
Philadelphia 3 10 2
Batteries— Reidy and Maloney; Plank- and
Powers.
BOSTON. Sept. 26.— Boston made It three
straight from Chicago to-day. The series
closed twelve to eight for the local club. At
tendance. 1500. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 3 E 3
Chicago 2 J 2
Batteries— Lewis and Criger; Callahan and
Eugden.
BALTIMORE. Sept. 26.— It was nip and tuck
in the game to-day. Both pitchers were hit
hard. Attendance, 890. Score:
R. H. E.
Baltimore 10 17 3
Cleveland 9 17 1
Batteries — Karns and Bresnehan; UcXeal and
Wood.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 26.— Detroit won their
last game of the season with Washington.
The visitors clinched the game in the first
Inning. Attendance. 1000. Score:
R. H. E.
¦Washington 3 8 0
Detroit 6 3 3
Batteries— Mercer and Clarke; Teager, Mc-
Allister and Shaw.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 26.— Plank was wild
and ineffective and Milwaukee won without
difficulty. Attendance, 1230. The score:
. ST. LOUIS, Sept. 26.— The locals get only
three hits off White's gilt-edged twirling. At
tendance. 1300. Score:
R. ¦ H. E.
£t. Louis 4 3 1
Philadelphia 6 15 3
Batteries— Terkes and Schrlver; White and
McFarland. Umpire — Drryer.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
' R. H. E.
Chicago 17 3
New Tork 5 9 1
Batteries— J. Taylor and Chance; L. Taylor
and Warner. Umpire — Emslie.
CHICAGO, Sept. 26.— New York won easily,
outplaying Chicago at all stages. Attendance,
CINCINNATI Sept 26.— Boston could <Jo
nothing with Hahn and the Clnclnnatls played
Vinningr ball, making- no errors. The teams
play a double-header to-morrow. Attendance.
eM - £C ° re: R. H. E.
Cincinnati 7 14 0
Boston * » <
Batteries— Hahn and Bergen; Dineen and
Klttredge. Umpire— Xash and Brown.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 26.— To-day's game wna
one of th* fastest and hardest fought contests
of the season. Both pitchers performed In
splendid fashion. Chesbro did the better work
as a ¦whole, though Newton gave but two hits
tip to the elxth. In that Inning five hits, an
•error and two slow plays* by the visitors pave
the victory to Pittsbursr. Attendance. 3300.
SMre: -; :,.•¦. R. H. E.
Pittsburg * 8 3
Brooklyn 3 8 3
'. Battertea — Chesbro and Zimmer; Xewton and
McGuire. Umpire— O' Day.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
In its last time at bat Los Angeles
scored . two more and for a time looked
like making it a tie. Hemphill's hit to
right scored Spies and Dougherty.
The same teams will meet again this aft
ernoon at 3 o'clock. It is expected they
will have recovered from their nervous
ness and will play faster ball. The score:
Dougherty scored the next run in the
seventh for Los Angeles. He hit to cen
ter, made second on Nordyke's fumble and
scored on Shay's wild throw to first to
catch Hemphill.
Los Angeles sent two men over in the
fourth, chiefly through errors by the In
fielders. Kihm was safe on first owing to
a fumble by the shortstop. He reached
third on a wild throw of C. Reilly's hit
and scored on Wilson's fumble at the
plate of an infield hit. Dougherty fol
lowed with a hit to second, scoring Reilly.
The run-getting commenced in the third.
Wilson for San Francisco reached first on
a hit to pitcher, who fumbled the ball.
Hildebrand hit to deep right field. The
ball was again fumbled. Wilson scoring,
and Hildebrand reaching third. Schwartz
was put out on a fly to left. Hildebrand
beat the ball home a fraction of a second
and scored. Dougherty made a sensational
one-handed catch of Pabst's hit to right,
retiring the side.
San Francisco scored three more in the
fourth, Los Angeles suffering from an
attack of the "rattles." The outfielders
dropped several files which seemed sure
outs. Two more in the fifth completed the
list of runs for the locals.
Los Angeles played Altrock, the Cana
dian, in the pitcher's box, with McPart
lln, Jones. Hale and Hartwell in reserve.
Los Angeles was flr^t at bat and made a
good start. Hemphill and Householder
each lined the ball out for singles, but the
side was retired without a run.
Many baseball enthusiasts went to Rec
reation Park yesterday to see the reju
venated team from Los Angeles and de
termine, if possible, what chance the men
from the south have of wresting the pen
nant from. the San Franciscos. The mat
ter Is still an enigma. Uncle Henry's men
won by a score of 7 to 5 after a game re
plete with excitement and errors. In the
latter the southerners had a shade the
better of the locals, rolling up a total of
eight to seven for the opposing side.
Ban Francisco 7, I*os Angeles 5.
Pittsburg Still Continues to
Play in "Winning
Form.
Remaining Contests of v the
Series Expected to Be
Exciting.
As the men are to fight at catch weights
they have done only light work during the
past two days. Neither has had a set
back in his training and will have no ex
cuses to offer on that score. -
George Harding, who is an authority on
pugilism, figures Gardner a legitimate fa
vorite. He defeated Moffatt and Carter,
showing great improvement in the latter
fight. Walcott lost to Carter last winter.
Says Harding: "Gardner is the coming
man. He is equally clever with either
hand. He hits hard and never gets con
fused. He is always cool and will not
take a chance of getting hurt, preferring
to await his opportunity. I look for him
to defeat Walcott."
The betting last night was still done
with the odds at 10 to 8, Gardner ruling
favorite. There was more Walcott money
m sight, however, than Gardner money. In
what wagering was done at Zeke Abrams'
in the paris mutuels Gardner had a slight
lead. He was chiefly in demand to win
in from 6 to 10 rounds or that he would
get the decision if the bout went the full
twenty rounds.
Opposed to him to-night is the man
whose standing among boxers authorities
on the game have been unable to fix.
Some of the best men that ever pulled on
a glove have declined the issue with him
— they think they can find easier oppo
nents. Tom O'Rourke offered 'Sharkey a
bonus of foOOO if he would agree to meet
Walcott in a 20-round bout. The Sailor
was then in his prime, but he could not
be dragged into meeting the sawed-off
colored man.
Although fighters are not popularly sup
posed to be cast in a gentle mold, Gard
ner is the exception. He lives a quiet life,
out of the ring, and is a religious man.
He is a church-goer ,N attending services
regularly.
That he is ambitious is evidenced by a
remark he dropped some weeks since. He
boxed at a benefit at which Jeffries and
Ruhlin also appeared. Some one remarked
upon his being nearly as tall as Jeffries
and that he ought to be fighting the big
heavy-weights. Gardner suprlsed those
present by. saying quietly: "I'll fight the
heavy-weights. I bar no man."
Both men have fought some wonderful
ring battles and are recognized as being
among the best of the middle-weight di
vision. Gardner is pronounced on all sides
one of the cleverest men that ever entered
a ring. He is said to have improved great
ly in speed and endurance- since coming
to this coast. If ¦ Walcott does not take
down his number to-night there are few
men of his weight who stand between him
and the world's championship.
held here In many, months. It is
expected to attract an enormous attend
ance.
THE meeting in Mechanics' Pavil
ion to-night of George Gardner and
Joe Walcott has been more widely
discussed than any sporting event
National League Pen
nant Race Nearly
Decided.
Los Angeles Team Ner
vous and Fumbles
the BalL
NEARING THE END
OF THE SEASON
FIRST GAME GOES
TO UNCLE'S MEN
THE SAX FRANCISCO. CALL-, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1 901.
Experts Figure Gardner a Legitimate Favorite on Previous Perform
ances, but Acknowledge That It Is Difficult to Get an Accurate
Line on Thomas O'Rourke's Very Clever Colored Boxer
RIVAL MIDDLE WEIGHTS ARE READY
FOR THEIR MEETING IN THE RING
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 2$.— Summary:
First race, six and a half furlongs, selling
—Golden Easter won. Lake Fonso second. Miss
Coney third. Time. 1:22%.
Second race, mile and three-sixteenths, sell
ing—Ann won. Satin Coat second. Plandino
third. Time, 2:02U. ,„ . .
Third race five and a half furlongs— Waklta
won. Ogle second, Lillian M third. Time,
1*OS%
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling— Nearest
won. Four Leaf C second. Meddlesome third.
T Flfth 'race, one mile, selling- Flying Eagle
won Burnett's Walkaway second. The Was
third. Time. 1:43%. '
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, selling
—Our Lady won. Salinda secotid, Deloralno
third. Time, 1:21%.
Charley O'Brien second. Strangest third. Time.
Sixth race six furlongs, selling— Tommy Fos
ter won. Emathion second. Rose Plume third.
Seventh race, one mile— Leo Newell won. Ju
lia Junkin second. Benckart third. Time. 1:41.
Wasp McKInley number. Second edition now
on sale. New pictures added. •
EVANSVILLE, Ind., Sept. 26.— Joo
Patchen and Anaconda raced to-day for
a Durse of $2000. Anaconda won in two
straight heats. Time, 2:04^, 2:04. The
finishes were close.
Anaconda Beats Joe Patchen.
First race, six furlongs— Invasion won. Mer
cer second. Spring Wells third. Time, 1:16.
Second race, four and a half furlongs — Plum
Tart won. Circus Girl second, Fernie third.
Time, :56%. m .
Third race, steeplechase, two and a half
miles— Last Fellow won, Jim Lisle second. Hap
py Hermit third. Time. 6:07.
Fourth race, mile and an eighth— Advocate
won. Talala second, Kaslo third. Time, 1:54V4.
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Pharoah won.
Tenderloin second. Militant third. Time. 1:31.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Tremar won, Eau
Claire second. Flintlock third. Time. 1:14.
CHICAGO, Sept. 26.— Hawthorne results:
First race, mile and twenty yards— Silurian
won Little Elkin second. Fantasy third. Time.
1:42.
Second race, seven furlongs, jelling—Gon
falon won. Toah second, Maggie Davis third.
Time, l:26»4.
Third race, steeplechase, - short course — Dick
Furber won, Eva Moe second, Populist third.
Time. 2:53*4.
Fourth race, the Endurance stakes, one mile —
Aladdin won. South Trimble second. The Giver
third. Time. 1:421,4.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth— Odnor won.
TORONTO. Ontario. Sept. 26.— Results
8
Steamer. . From. Due.
Dirlgo Skagruay & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Cbas. Kelson., Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Nome City Nome and Teller Sept. 23
Senator Nome direct Sept. 28
City of Seattle. Ekag-uay & Way Ports. Sept. 2S
Roanoke ..". Nome & St. Michael.. Sept. £8
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. . 2
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 3
City of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 5
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
September 27.
Empire Coos Bay' ...12 m Pier 13
Arcata Coos Bay 12 mlPIer 13
Nippon Maru I China & Japan — 1 pmlPMSS
September 28. |
TCorth Fork.. Humboldt 9 amIPier 2
Colombia Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Her 9
San Bias Panama & Way.. 12 m PMSS
September 29.
San Pedro — Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
September 30.
Geo.W. Elder, 1 Aetoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Rainier I Seattle & X. What 5 pm Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
October 1. | |
Eureka Humboldt I 9 ami Pier 13
October 3. I
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
Corona Redondo & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Walla Walla Pugtt Sound Pts.. 11 am Pier 9
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
; October !».
Peru jChina & Japan 1 pmfPMSR
Columbia.. '...I Aetoria & Portland 11 am|Pier 24
Steamer. | From. Due.
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 27
Progresm Tacoma — : Sept. 27
City or Sydney Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Point Arena... Point Arena Sept. 27
Pomona | Humboldt Sept. 27
Peru : China and Japan Sept. 23
Enterprise X. Y. via Panama.... Sept. 28
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 29
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports Sept. 23
Wa*htenaw Tacoma Sept. 29
Bristol Oyster Harbor Sept. 2J
Wellington.... Oypter Harbor Sept. 21
Crescent City.. Crescent City Sept. 38
Corona Redondo & Way Ports|Oct. 1
Curccao Mexican Ports Oct. 2
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Oct. 2
Arcata Coos Bay O=t. 2
Santa. Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 3
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports Oct. 4
T'matilla Puget Round Ports Oct. A
Argyll New York via Panama Oct. ">
Sun rises 6:01
Hun sets 6.00
Moon seta 5:17 a. m.
Time Time Time Tlmo
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
LW HW LW HW
27 ... 4:11 0.7 10:39 5.S 4:40 0.4 11:09 5.5
28 ... 4:53 1.0 11:13 5.8 5:22 0.0
H W L W H W U W
23... 0:0S 5.4 5:32 1.3 11:50 5.9 6:11-0.3
30 .. 0:58 5.2 6:15 1.7 12:30 6.0 7:01 _0.4
1 .. 1:59 5.0 C:S8 2.1 1:14 6.1 7:58—0.4
2 .. 3:01 4.S 7:45 2.6 2:01 5.8 8:56—0.3
3 ... 4:09 4.7 8:49 3.0 3:00 5.7 10:06 -0.2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
There would be a great many less
sufferers from rheumatism if everybody
knew about- Halpruner's Rheumatism
Cure. Men and women tiho have suf-
fered for years and who have taken
Halpruner's have been cured. It is a
medicine of remarkable curative powers
and it never fails to benefit those who
take it- Its wonderful penetrating pow-
ers go to the seat of the trouble and
remove pain and inflammation, srivinp:
strength and health to the injured and
affected parts.
Don't be afraid to use Halpruner's.
It is so harmless the smallest child can
take it without the slightest injury.
¦ Don't continue to suffer from rheu-
matism; go to your nearest drucjfist
and ask him for a bottle of Halpruner's
Rheumatism Cure. If he wants to sell
you something else, insist on Kalprun-
er's. There is nothing so good and
nothing will cure you so quickly — 50c
and $1 a bottle. Demand the jrenuine.
Tfelpriincris
"I know it Is fine for rheumatism, fcr I
have tried it with excellent results.
"H. C. SHAW. Stockton, Ca!."
• Halpruner Medical Manufacturing Co..
28 California st. Telephone Bush 4C3 and
your order will be delivered.
MELROSE COURSING PARK.
List of Dogs Drawn for Sunday's
Racing, September 29.
. Nlgiit Time vs. Sea Flower: Reported Absent
v*. Califorpla: Glen Coe vs. Greyfeld; Daylight
vs. Lovlna. Black Pearl vs. Wandering Tom;
Vagrant vs. Lily Wrig-ht ; Might Be Keen vs.
Eager; Welcome vb. Dudley Diamond: Chal-
lenger vs. Dorothy M; Little Dorrit vb. Shy-
lock Boy; -Mount Eden vs. Lyddite; Flying
Belle vs. Toes; Admiral Sampson ve. Warco;
Fireside vs. Union Jack; Fireny vs. Veto; Black
Cloud vs. Daley Lawrence; Benicia Boy vs.
Querita Vincent: Martha Washington vs. O. K.
Capitol: Kenneth vs. Mosquito; Little Bister
. vs. Yellow- tail; "Warrior vs. Al a Rue; King's
Borderer vs. Sally Brass; Jeeslby vs. New Moon*
Daisy Clair vs. Cotton Ball; Cecil M vs. La.-
dies' Choice; Gramercy vs. Fair Play; Warship
vs. Sparrovc; Wang vs. Clalboume: Gray Cloud
•ve. Melpomene: Mt Ida vs. May Lawrence: Si-
lent Treasure vi. Mellow; Jewesi vb. Sir Law-
nau.
OF THE-. —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
• OF THE
UNION
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF -PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Uecem-
ber, A. D. 1900. and for the year ending on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioners of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up in
Cash $200,000 CO
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $160,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 9,900 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 279.137 75
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks .and other market-
able securities as collateral 4,400 GO
Cash in Company's Olfice 1,197 35
Cash in Banks 25.088 26
i Interest due and accrued -on Bonds
and Mortgages 150 00
Premiums in due Course of Collection 36,407 13
Bill Receivable, not Matured, talten
for Fire and Marine Risks 1,120 S2
Due from Perpetual Insurance on
building , 74S 50
Cash in hands of Manager at San
Francisco 6,935 97
Total Assets 1 $343,113 78
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and Unpaid $12,378 78
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 17.538 27
Losses .Resisted, including expense:]... 4.000 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $205,401 85;
reinsurance 60 per cent 102,700 92
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $202,182 63;
reinsurance pro rata 103.399 27
Amount reclaimable by the insured on
perpetual Fire Insurance policies.... 33,833 12
All other liabilities 13,734 58
TotrJ Liabilities J2S9.6S2 94
INCOME. '
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $278,601 51
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 49; qq
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from all
„., other sources IS. 565 50
Received for rents 2 724 91
Profit, and loss.. " 73
Total Income ...$298,3S7 63
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Fire Liosses
(including $3o,78S 34, losses of pre-
vious years)* .-. jjgg 553 <9
Dividends to Stockholders 12 000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or '
Brokerage 56 2S1 3a
Paid • for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 43 332 4">
Paid for State, National and Local '
taxes !.j 8 C67 09
All other payments and expenditures.. 27I7SS 63
Total Expenditures .J$344,J28 01
Fire
Losses incurred during the year...:.SlS3.3l7 73
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
T y f ar $33,574,655 $354.903 90
Net amount of Risks
, expired during the
Neramounrin-foYce Z ™ m 33U " »
December 31. 1900... 39.714.874 407.581 48
' C. S. HOLLIXSHEAD. Prest.
«- .^ . E J R - DANNELS. Secy.
¦ Subscribed and sworn to before me this Zd
day of March, 190L . J. BURNS ALLEN,
. Notary Public..
pacific coasTdepartment:
T. EDWARD POPE, Manager.
R. W. OSBORN, Asst. Mgr.
.508-510 CALIFORNIA STREET.
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
• OF THE
Pennsylvania
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHII^ADELPHIA. IN THIS STATE OB*
Pennsylvania, on the 31st dxy of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1900, and for the ytar ending on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 aid 611 of tht»
Political Code, condensed as p<t blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash >400.000 00
* ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $22!>,668 67
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 735.100 00
Cash Market Value of all Sucks
. and Bonds owned by Company 3,630,075 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 243.200 00
Cash in Company's OfHce 1.632 91
Cash in Banks 144.05161
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans.....*. 1.664 59
Interest due and accrued on Bends
and Mortgages 12.344 40
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 889.093 7?
Rents due and accrued 393 47
Total Assets $3,337,222 43
LIABirjTTES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 136,509 80
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 135.SC9 23
Losses resisted, including expcmies.. S.600 00
Gross oremlums on Fire Risks :-un-
nlcg one year or less. $1,673,11;: 42;
reinsurance 50 per cent 839.036 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks :.-un--
nlcg more than one year. $1, 333.-
671 22; reinsurance pro rata 879,944 SI
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance poli-
cies 831.117 95
All other liabilities 4, COO 00
„ Total Liabilities .J2.773.033 H
IN-COME. :
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,913,994 J4
Received for Interest on Bonds -and
Mortgages 29.234 63
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all otber sources 174.357 23
Received for Rents 9. 663 43
Received for Transfer Fees, etc 1,041 23
Total Income 13.133,36 0)
EXPENDITURES. ; '
Net amount paid . for Fire* Losses
(including i losses of pre-
vious years) $1,251,010 U
Dividends to Stockholders 100.000 09
Paid or allowed for Commission 'or
Brokerage 443.125 67
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... S3, 503 CO
Paid for State, National, and Lxa!
taxes J1.910 35
All other payments and expendi-
tures 101.S44 9*
Total Expenditures $3. 053. 4» 13
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $1,258,714 30
Risks and - Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
¦written during: the
year 1 J232.423.33 S2.331.S0S U
Net amount of Risks
expired . . durinz the
year 213,370.034 2,1T.S54 S3
Net amount in force
December 31. 1300/:... 343.1B2.SS6 8.313.6S4 64
R. DALE BENSON. Prest.
"W. GARDNER CRO'.VELL. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to befoie me. this 2M
day of January. 1901. THOS. J. HUNT.
Commissioner for California Jn Phila.
PACinGCOASTDEPARlMENT:
T. EDWARD POPi:, Manager.
R. W. OSBORN, Asst. Mgr.
508-510 CALIFORNIA STREET. •Wasp McKinley number. Second, edition now
on eale.'- New pictures added.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
• OCEAN STEAMERS. .:
! LIZARD — Passed Sepf 26— Stmr La. BreUsne,
from. New > York, for Havre. \. ••
- LIVERPOOL— Sailed Bept 26— Stmr New Eng
land, for Boston, via Queenstpwn; stmr Van
couver, .for Portland/ Me.
-.ROTTERDAM— Sailed Sept. 2C— Stmr , Ams
terdam, for New York, via Boulogne.
The Eoard of Health has ordered
the / employes of the City and Coun
ty Hospital, Almshouse . and the Emer
gency ¦ hospitals 'who, have passed
the civil service examinations to uniform
themselves. The uniform adopted con
sists of trousers made of "United States
navy duck and coats of the San Francisco
Police Department blue cloth, with the
regulation buttons. The resignation of
Mrs. Frost as nurse in the Almshouse was
accepted and Mrs. Anna Thai n appointed
to succeed her. Kn«ineth McKenzie was
appointed surgical dresser in the City and
County Hospital. . . '.
Health Department Uniforms.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 26.— Louise Miller to
day began- suit against George 'Crowson,
Sarah P. Crowson and F. E. Drake to se
ctire the reconveyance of a house and; lot
on Marllere street, in this city, and:$3l0
damages/ In her complaint Louise Miller.
says she was a victim of . fraud • and
artifice and by Drake was induced to
trade her home, with $200, additional, to
the Crowsons for 160 acres of land ¦ in
Kings County.
Says She Was Victimized.
The examination for Chief Food In
epeCtor, department of public health," feet
for yesterday, was postponed by the Civil
Service CommUslon because only three
applicants appeared. The salary of this
position is $150 a month, and. the Civil Ser
vice Commission is desirous of obtaining
more applicants. The examination will
be held about October 15.
Examination Postponed.
"Southern Pacific special train leaves
San Francisco, December . 18th; Los An
geles December 19th, reaching Mexico in
time for the Holiday Celebrations. Round
trip, San Francisco, $80. Los Angeles,
$70. Personally conducted. Dining car.
Pullman sleepers. Limit 60 days. Low
side trip rates. . Optional Itineraries.
Make reservations 613 Market street, San
Francisco, 261 South Spring street, Loa
Angeles."
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
The case of Patrick Clancy, special of
ficer, charged with the murder of Attor
ney J. N. E.. Wilson at his office, 320 San-
Boroe street, May 27 last, was called for
trial In Judge Lawlor's court yesterday
morning. Eleven jurors had been secured
when court adjourned- till Monday, as At
torney Murphy, who Is representing the
defendant, complained that he was sick.
The Jurors selected are Thomas G. Tay
lor. Henry C. Hazelregg, Paul Girsch.
Julius Radston, Edmund Kollofrath, Al
fred Aucrbach, W. C. Mysell, Paul
Franke, James . Humphrey, Charles
Bloomer and John A. WhltesJde.
Clancy's. Trial for Murder.
The question as to whether Judge Ca
baniss had a right to order a Sheriff to
summon a jury to try Captain Wittman
will not be decided by Judge Seawell until
next week. Attorneys Barrett and Dunne
made lengthy arguments yesterday morn
ing on the question. Judge Seawell prom
ised a. decision early next week.
Wittman Case Submitted.
A party of eleven machinists arrived
last night from the East. They came to
the coast in the expectation of being em
ployed in the Risdon Iron Works. Two
of the, party are union men and when
they learned that a strike was In progress
they refused to accept employment, but
reported at the machinists' headquarters.
Another party, comprising eight boiler
makers and seven machinists, is expected
to arrive from Chicag'o to-night.
Machinists From the East.
CROCKETT, Sept. 26.— Andrew Dethlef
sen has been succeeded as secretary of
the Bay Counties' Warehousemen's Pro
tective Association by Wallace Clothum
The change was made at the regular
meeting =^esday night oy a rising vote.
It is said that trouble over the uses to
which $100 sent by Ed Rosenberg of the
San Francisco Labor Gouncil was put was
the cause of the change. The money was
sent for strike purposes, but It is alleged
that it was diverted to other uses.
Change in Union's. Secretary.
"SAN "DIEGO, Sept. 26.— An exceedingly .
slight accident was the cause of the death
to-night of Marguerite O'Connor, the 9
year-old- daughter of the ordnance ser
geant at the oarracks. With other chil
dren the little one was playing In the
back yard at her home when she fell over
some playthings and struck her chin on
the back doorstep. She walked into the
house and told I her motherland father
that she was hurt, showed them the place
on her chin and almost immediately be
came unconscious. Physicians were sent
for, but they were not able to bring the
little one back to consciousness, and she
died in about three hours.
Child Dies After a Slight Fall.
TACOMA, Sept. 26.— Nome advices say
that\an effort will be made to enlist Gov
ernment aid in the dredging of a harbor
for Nome. Engineers who have given the
subject considerable attention express
the opinon that with a couple of million
dollars a harbor could be made commen
surate with the shipping importance of
Nome. Others who have examined the
plan think it impracticable.
, According to one plan prepared it is in
tended to have a channel fronting Nome
10,000 feet long, 600 feet wide and thirty
feet deep: At either end there would be
an approach channel thirty feet deep, 400
feet wide and, 5000 . feet long. This work
can- be accomplished by a system of hy
draulic dredge mining. This idea is to
permit of a line of docks immediately in*
front of Nome so -that the largest vessels
in any kind of weather could, run into a
port of safety. There would be timber
and rock core constructed twenty feet
wide,, with.* embankments made from
dredgings.
WANT TWO MHiLIONS
FOR A NOME HARBOR
SAN JOSE, Sept. 26.— Just where the
new Carnegie library is to be located -Is
agitating the citizens' minds. When the
library was secured Mayor Martin and
others interested in obtaining the gift for
San Jcse secured a grant from the State
for a lot in the State Normal square at
the corner of Fourth and San Fernando
streets. This pleased the general public
and it was supposed the building- would
be erected there. I A couple of weeks ago
Mayor Martin wjent to British Columbia
on a leave Of absence and when he was
out of the State .the Councilmen took af
fairs into their own hands. The site of the
library was chanred from St. James Park
but now upon Investigation it is found
the park cannot be used. for that pur
pose under the law by which it was ac
quired. Now the Council wants to switch
it to the City Hall Park. Most of the
people favor the Normal Square, and they
are endeavoring to influence the Council
to have it there.
Location of Carnegie's
Gift,
San Jose People in a Quandary as to
SITE FOR LIBRARY
PUZZLES THE CITIZENS
bella Thompson have charge of the Amer
ican booth. Mrs. 'R. White, Mrs. J. M.
Dixon and Mrs. Chester Keough will pre-
Will Aid the Church.
A cascaron party will be given in aid of
t the Church of the Most Holy Redeem-
side at the English booth. Mrs. Van der
Naillen, Madame Buffandau and Mrs.
Francis Hunt will make the French booth
er, under the direction of Assumption
booth, in Twin Peaks Hall, corner Seven
teenth-and Noe streets, Saturday evening,
September 28. : '
DO You "Write Things?"
¦We can give you the newest sizes
«nd .Vinost ! fashionable finishes in writing
papers. '"Peaud'Antilope," "Carrara Mar
mor".aiid "Linen Lawn" are the best nov
elties out. We also make monogram dies
arid stamp, paper. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
.741 Market street. •
Emll Johansen, the sailor who was ar
rested for tearing down a flag In front of
the Jackson-street entrance to the Fed
eral building and Using language deroga
tory to the martyred President, appealed
before Judge Cabanisa yesterday. Several
witnesses testified that Johansen was of
unsound mind, and the Judge ordered him
sent before the Insanity Commission«r3
for examination, and, continued the case
till Tuesday. . ...
Johansen Probably -Insane.
Richard Olliver, a striker who was con
victed by Judge Conlan Wednesday of
battery for beating Special Officer McAl
lister on Stevenson street, September J9,
appeared for sentence' yesterday,
Judge sentenced him to pay a fine of $5
to be taken irom his bail money.
J. Y. Cole, who was convicted by Judge
Fritz Wednesday for carrying a concealed
weapon in the shape of a slungshot, ap
peared for sentence yesterday and was
fined $50, with the alternative of fifty days
in jail. He was arrested on the water
front and denied he was a striker.
Fines for Strikers.
Cuts Arms and Throat in Bath Tub.
E. A. McCloskey, a painter residing at
127 Seventh street,' attempted suicide
while, despondent' yesterday afternoon by
cutting his wrists, elbows and throat at
the Crystal Baths. He- Is now at the
Harbor Receiving Hospital.
Edward Shaughnessy, driver of wat:er
tower No. 1, which is stationed on Suc
ond street, committed suicide early ljist
night by taking a dose of carbolic acid.
The place of the suicide was under the
Second-street bridge. A passer-by saw
him raise the phial containing the fa:al
liquid to his mouth and heard him cry
out in anguish. Shaughnessy had been
a faithful member of the Fire Department
for a period of ten years. Recently he
had been suffering from insomnia and I ad
applied for and been granted four da«V
leave of absence. It is supposed that his
sufferings caused him to put an end to his
life. He was unmarried.
Fireman Commits Suicide.
The proceeds of the carnival will be used
toward building a home for the union
where Its beneficiaries may be cared for.
No effort has been spared to make the
carnival as attractive as possible. Merri
ment will reign, and its worthy object in
sures deserved success.
The arrangements are in charge of
Madame Louisa Sorbier, president of the
union; Mrs. Paris Kilburn, Mrs. Nellie
B. Eyster and Mrs. P. D. Hale, vice pres
idents; Mrs: H. I. Haber, treasurer, ¦ and
Miss Angela Sullivan and Miss Celia Per
kins, secretaries. .
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ -• .'"- •- v. ¦ - •
an Important feature of the carnival.
The German booth is to be under the su
pervision of Mrs. L. Braverman, Miss A.
Barkdull and Dr. Anna Frost. Miss Al
vina "Vellguth and Miss N. Inglis-have
charge of the Irish booth. The Italian
booth, conducted by Mrs. Belle W. Con
rad, Mrs. H. I. Haber and Madame Be-
noit, will also be a great attraction. Miss
Gertrude Wells and Miss Merle Bunn,
with numerous associates, will interest
the visitors with representations of colo
nial life.
Grand President Honored.
Mission Council of the Ydung Men's "In
stitute tendered a reception and banquet
last evening in the California Hotel to D.
J. O'Leary, who was recently elected
grand president of the order. Charles J.
Wllley, the president of Mission Council,
presided as toastmaster. After introduc
tory remarks by the toastmaster thore
were appropriate responses to toasts by
Grand President O'Leary, Rev. James A.
Grant, Rev. Joseph P. McQuaide, James
D. Whalen, J. E. Richards Jr., Grand Sec
retary George A. Stanley, Supreme Presi
dent F. J. Kierce, Phil J. Lawler, Judge.
F. J. Murasky, Father Xznople of Sacred
Heart College, J. B. Queen and Ruv.
Father O'Connell.
YOUNG LADIES WHO WILL TAKE
A PROMINENT PART IN THE
CARNIVAL OF NATIONS.
Who Shot in Self-Defense.
The case of Raymond. Morris, a boy 15
years of age, charged with assault to
murder, was heard before Judge Fritz
yesterday and dismissed. The evidence
showed that the boy, who is employed on
the steamer Eureka, was walking along
the Vallejo-street wharf to the vessel on
the morning of September 23, when he was
approached by Jens Peter Sorenson, a
union sailor picket, who caught him by
the arm and asked him where he was go
ing. The boy told him, and Sorensen said,
'•\ou are, are you?" .Just then another
striker approached, and the boy becoming
alarmed pulled a small revolver out of his
pocket and fired a shot, the bullet strik
ing the lapel of Sorensen's coat and
longing in his sweater. v
The Judge, in dismissing the case, said:
"The only question in my mind is
whether or not the defendant acted In
self-deiense. The defendant was very
candid and frank in his statement and
was evidently idling the truth as to what
happened on the wharf, and it does not
conflict with the testimonv for the people.
The question is whether "the words 'You
are, are you?' and the grasp of the com
plaining witness were sufficient to incite
fear. There is also another fact, and that
Is that another picket was approaching
the steamer landing and was then only
about four yards away. If the defendant
were a full-grown man instead of a boy
,of 15 I think I should hold him. Of course
I think, in view of the present excite
ment and the boy knowing that he was
engaged in what is commonly termed
•scabbing,' that he had a just and season
able fear that he was about -to be at
tacked, the words, 'You are, are you?'
seem to imply a threat as much as to say,
'I will see whether you are or not.' I am
glad that no serious damage was done,
because to my mind the picket did not in
tend to use violence. But I have to take
the mind of the defendant in this case*
what he thought and whether he believed
himself to be in danger from the appear
ances, even though the appearances -be
false. Owing to this and the further fact
that the defendant is only 15 years of age
I decline to hold him to answer to- the
charge." '.-••.
Judge Fritz Refuses to Hold Boy
RAYMOND MORRIS DISMISSED.
Bo Took, the Chinese woman who was
shot early yesterday morning by a re
jected suitor while she was seated in the
window of her home at 1025 Dupont
street, died a few hours after being taken
to the Receiving Hospital. Leong, her
supposed slayer, was subsequently taken
into custody by Detective Ed Gibson and
locked up irt the tanks pending an investi
gation. The woman wa3 one of the belles
of the Chinese quarter. - - ¦ —
Her alleged slayer became enamored of
her charms, and offered to make her his
wife. She spurned his offer and threat
ened to have him arrested unless he de
sisted in paying attention to her. Yes
terday morning the discarded suitor, so
the police say, opened fire at her while
she was seated in her home, four oi the
bullets taking effect in- her left breast.
SOCIETIES EXPRESS GBIEP
OVEH McKINUEY'S DEATH
Resolutions Are Passed Conveying
Sympathy to Widow of the
: Irate President.
Oshonee Tribe No. 78, Improved Order
of Red Men, at its meeting held last
Wednesdays evening passed 'a series of
resolutions deploring the assassination of
President. William McKinley and de
nouncing the spirit of anarchy as danger
ous to the peace of the republic. The
lodge also expressed Its deep sympathy
for the widow of the late chief executive
of the United States.
Leo Assembly No. 4, Young Men's Cath
olic Union, held a meeting last week and.
passed a resolution expressing Its grief
over the murder of President McKinley
and .tendering to Mrs. McKinley the
hearifelt sympathy 'of the organization.
At the regular semi-monthly meeting of
the board of managers of the Young
Men's -Institute, held iast Monday night,
resolutions were adopted expressing, the
sorrow and indignation of the council at
the untimely death of President McKin
ley at the hands of an assassin and con
veyingv.to the .widow of the martyred
President . the deep condolence of the or
ganization. The building of the Young
Men"s Institute was ordered draped in
mourning for a period of thirty days.
Decrees of Divorce.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Nina Winner from Herbert B.
Winner, cruelty; Aleen Stephens from
Frank J. Stephens, desertion; Nellie A.
Janes from Joseph M. Janes, intemper
ance; Sarah A. Potter from Matthew-
Potter, desertion, and William Lennefelt
from Emeline Lennefelt, desertion. Suits
for divorce were filed by Cipriano Jordan
against Juana Obolles Jordan, desertion;
Ky Emmerson Lapham against May M.
Lapham, intemperance; Maud Adeline
Monks against Samuel Monks, cruelty;
Mary E. "Walsh against Patrick "Walsh,
cruelty; Ella C. Bowers against Charles
O. Bowers, cruelty.
Thrown From Her Wheel.
Emily "Wilson, a young lady who resides
in Berkeley, while "riding clown Market
street last nfght on a wheel collided with
a dog near the corner of Grant avenue
and was hurled violently to the asphaltum.
The young lady was unconscious when
picked up. An ambulance was summoned
and she was conveyed to the- Receiving
Hospital where an examination of -her
injuries showed that ehe "was suffering
from hemorrhage of the right ear, and
has probably sustained a fracture of the
skull.
Fire in Photo-Engraving Plant.
Fire broke out in the photo-engraving
department of the Bolton & Strong Co
corner of Montgomery and Commercial
streets, shortly after 11 o'clock last even
ing. Damage to the amount of $1000 was
done.
After leaving Portland Hoyt '¦ came to
this city and received an engagement with
Kohler & Chase as outside salesman, w:.th
the result mentioned. The firm is deter
mined to prosecute him. The police also
say that he has swindled Letson Balliet,
civil engineer, 508 California street.
Hoyt's parents live in Danbury, Conn.
He disappeared from, home on April 8,
1899. He was then 17 years of age, but
looked 19. He apparently went to the
Stats of "Washington and was married in
Olympia to a young ladjr belonging to
Chehalis. They went to live with Lucius
H. Leech, Superintendent of Schools at
Chehalis, and it is alleged that he
swind-'ed Leech out of -money and I»ft
with his young wife. He made his appear
ance In. Portland under the name of L. 'C.
Miller and represented himself as an
agent for Kohler & Chase of this city.
He passed a number of worthless checks
and was arrested, but as he paid up Iho
amounts and $83 which he owed a hotel
keeper he was not prosecuted.
The firm of Kohler & Chase secured, a
warrant a few days ago for Hoyt's arr« st.
He was employed by them about seven
weeks ago as an outside salesman. H©
was a smooth talker and an accomplished
pianist. He disappeared about a week
ago with his wife and the. firm discovered
that he had sold a piano to Max Galli;k,
auctioneer, Market street, and had re
ceived money, a gold watch ajid same
clothing in payment, and then left the
city. It is also alleged that he had been
collecting considerable money and appro
priating it to his own use.
Captain Seymour received a dispatch
from Salt Lake City yesterday that Rich
mond Frederic Hoyt, alias L. C. Miller,
had been arrested there, and the caj>tiin
at once wired to hold him, saying that an
officer would be promptly sent with v.he
necessary papers for his extradition, as
he is wanted here on a charge of felcny
embezzlement.
Work along the water front has resumed
its normal condition and vessels are load
ings and discharging, goods being hauled
to and from the docks with facility and
dispatch. The vigorous action of the po
lice has reduced the interference with the
work of the port to a minimum. The men
that came forward in the emergency are
becoming more useful every day, and, as
none of the labor in voluntary idleness
could -be classed as "skilled" the exist
ence of the strike will soon be more a
matter of discussion in the councils of the
City Front Federation than a factor in
the commercial machinery of the port.
The BritWh ships Celtic Monarch and
King Edward sailed yesterday with full
cargoes of grain, and to-day and to-mor
row the following fleet, similarly laden,
will get under way: The Mooltan, Do
venby, Foyledale, Glenesslin and W. F.
Babcock. The work of discharging the
other British ships in port is going on as
if no strike existed, and the few passen
ger coasting steamers that were com
pelled for a. while to sail at-irregular in
tervals have now resumed their regular
schedules. *
The Rev. D. O. Crowley. J. JV Donahue,
Frank Conklin, William. O'Shaughnessy,
Professor J. J. Gallagher, Thomas Doyle,
J. Kavanaugrh, Thomas Searey, John P.
Digtian, P. J. Kelleher, John P. Henry
and. Charles Kurley have charge of .the
arrangements. : " . • -
Father Shaman will speak on Robert
Emmet, the Irish patriot, and his inti
mate acquaintance with Irish and Eng
lish history and thorough knowledge of
the Irish character, assure to his hearers
a scholarly treatment of the subject. ,
Invitations granting admission may be
obtained from the members or at O'Con
nor. & Kelleher's. 33 Fourth street, and
J. F. Renault. 100 Ninth street, and at
the .Monitor office.
rhe members of the Ancient Order of
Hibernians •will give a reception to the
Rev. .father Shahan - at Metropolitan
Iia!l to-morrow evening. Father Sha
han is noted for his successful effort to
raise a fund of $50,000 for the endowment
of the Celtic Clan in the Catholic Uni
versity of America. The address of wel
come xv-ill be delivered by Archbishop
Riordan and in his speech he will speak
at length on the aims and objects of the
order, its devotion to the venerable
tongue of Ireland and the efforts made
to restore 1t.
¦ • In painting, music and poetry the Iri«h
had centered their hearts, the lecturer
declared and in speaking of the harp
Father Shahan said that with the death
'-¦ i h e great harpists the instrument had
uied. In discoursing on this subject he
faid the Irish had developed a purely
national muEic that has never found its
equal. ;¦ »
"Medieval Ireland, the Teacher and
Cmlizer of Europe," was the subject of
the Rev. Father Shahan's lecture last
evening at Metropolitan Hall. A large
flit fs * s^. on able audience listened to his
republican governments to-dav. said that
rt,?T h P i e "J, 1 ? not ralle l »Sn »
Hi reJill^T ,ii 8TS* to l . b<! •™ a " nation.
r-^~ ,. ue ,J^ider the manifold culture of
u£SF&2Sd J*? 31 ! incredlbIe that the euf
offhe 1 rrold < es? f n t a°t^ otttTkSZ "^
< £ a h n ,?< e r h , at '} had tok « thousands cfyekrf
55u «n rt Ea ,l tern aBd / T « m " Europe aifd vou
v.U find the records of these teachers It
m , E k aS C ? s wriler Bald « aU Inland had got-
The~ -i?^ cros^ d "ver to the Continent.
These missionaries were the ajwsUes of the
barbarians of Germany. Switzerland and Bel
£112 I'M. . ¦
There is no true and permanent culture of
1-fe. 10^ re!iElon - aRd thesa mlMrten
'fklVLiTZ i *?¦ fi " t lo cultur e these races and
eftabMsh oiviltzaticr. in Central EuroDe Clv
ihzatJon end Christianity are most intimately
re.ated in the art of writing, and to-day the
oid missionaries can be traced by their manu
script. In Ireland no one was prized more
than a copyist. It i= to the writers and monks
that we ov.-e the distribution of the scriptures
flurfa* the Middle Ases.
While Seated in Window of
Her Home She Is Shot
Down.
Police's Vigorous Action Pre
vents Interference With
by Hibernians.
Reception to Lecturer
Archbishop Will Speak at
He Is Wanted Here on the
Charge of Felony Em
bezzlement.
R. F. Hoy t, Alias Miller,
'Arrested in Salt
-
Lake City.
Water Front Fast Re
turning to Normal
Conditions.
Rejected Suitor Murders
Bo Yook; a Celestial
Belle.
Father Shahan Delivers
Discourse on Irish
History.
YOUNG PIANIST
IN THE TOILS
CRUELLY SLAYS
CHINESE MAIDEN
GREAT TEACHER
AND CIVILIZER
SOCIETY WOMEN TO HOLD A CARNIVAL
OF NATIONS IN THE NAME OF GHARITY
Scores of Belles and Matrons Will Lend Their Aid to Make a
Success of , the Novel Entertainment That Is. to Be Held ,at
Native Sons' Hall During Every Evening of the .Coming Week
TfW REPARATIONS are now com-'"
II JlBplete for the great historical car
jl" 2^ nival of the nations, to be held in
JJL' -the interest of charity under the
direction of the Women's Educa
tional and Industrial Union at* Native
Sons' Hall every evening'next week. The
affair promises to surpass anything of the
kind ever before attempted in San Fran
cisco.
Scores of society your^r women have
volunteered their services^nd will preside'
over the gaily decked booths. Instru-^
mental music will be rendered as a part
o* every evening's entertainment. Sor-;,
cercrs, fortune tellers, gypsies and fairies;,
will be ever present to amuse and interest I
the visitors. Each night will be given to
representations of the dress and customs
of some nation. . ,.;
Miss Bess Green Chandon /has been se
lected to be queen of the gypsies, and will
guide the fortunes of a numerous follow- .
ing of other;charming young ladies. Mrs.
J. G. Luboto, Mrs; Berliner and Miss Ara- '
SHIPS MOVING
WITH FACILITY
THE SAN FRANGTSCO ¦ CALL, .FRIDAY, , SEPTEMBER 27, 190 1 i
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISE3EENTS.
They Work While You Sleep.
While your mind and body rest Cas-
carets Candy Cathartic repair your
digestion, your liver, your bowels,
put them in perfect order. Genuine
tablets stamped C. C. C. Never sold
in bulk. All druggists, ioc .
,«». Bra « 4fe Rifles. Ammunition. Fish-
O 8 ! R E P »ng Tackle, Sporting. Out-
E K t¥\%\. Ing GoodR. Larseet Stock.
Ill 1 EVa.^ Lowest Prices. Send for
* J5 (Li I H C B Catalogue and Job Sheet.
W ¦ ¦ SHEETS A BAKBEB CO.
739Merket. 511 Kcorny
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS
Oppression, Saffocata, Neuralgia, etc, cured bj
EPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUdERA & CO.
*V *** r* 5 y V I Y y fljj^ jt m wtf il
v_ | ' ¦¦ ' ¦
' • ' .' - • ' ' ¦ : ¦ ' , - •- V _ '- ' ' -¦ -«.— .«.™™««™«.^^___
¦ ¦ • ¦/ • V- ¦ v ¦ . ¦ .-
' \ ¦ "' " •_
''''''' ¦ — - _— 1___^» ' ' I. ' ' - -
•¦¦¦¦¦ - ' . - - """"' - - • t ~~~~~ - . ¦ . . - - ' ¦-..-¦¦ . '
' •-¦¦•¦ - ... .--;¦¦¦ . . Jr -.¦¦-
I *,'.*..'..¦::. :'¦.-*¦'¦'"..¦'.¦¦¦',¦¦•,¦ -;¦•.. .. Vv--' , ' V-: .¦--... :'^ .¦',.¦.'¦'>'- —¦ ¦•¦¦¦-".---'. ' ;,'?.'.¦'¦'¦ """ " . ,- T^T- ..' " ."'. \.
IBBBHEiaHBHUBBBBElBSSBHIiagiB^
'White Enameled Iron Bed, $2.00
Call and ses our Special
Comforter this week... $1.15
; Get an estimate from us on
cverythins: required to furnish
your entire establishment.
Credit and free delivery within
ibo miles. We dose at six.
except on Saturday.
¦FURNITURE Ca,
338-342 POST STREET,
" . . Opposite Union Square.,' The Hay situation is much clearer. Dealers
report a good movement, : with, more teams
working than at any time during, the progress
of the strike.: Within ¦ a few days possibly all
teams will be working. Tnen the cars can
foe unloaded as they come in, and business will
resume r Its normal ¦ proportions, g 0 long inter
rupted. Prices show some Improvement. Feed
stuffs are a« before.
BRAN— $20 50(g21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-*$22@23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at. the mill, $25026; Jobbing
$26 50 ; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18 ; Corn Meal, $340
35: 1 Cracked Corn. . $34 50® 33 50; Mixed Feed.
$18 50@19 50. . ,' ?¦•¦¦ ¦.:•:" • . . ¦:,-.
HAY— Wheat, $7 50@10; Choice. $10 50;' Wheat
and Oat. $7 50@10 50; Oat, $7 D0<?9; Barley and
Oat. $6 5008 50; Alfalfa, ' $8010 GO; Clover. $5 50
Hay and Feedstuff s.
¦ FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25®
3 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50Q273 per barrel 1 for family and
$2 7i<g3 for bakers': Washington bakers', $2 75
** MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy. $4
@4 25; Buckwheat Flour. . $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat,- $3 50; Farina, $4 60; AVhole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 8508 35;
in' sacks, $6 50QS: Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs. . ,
Flour and Millstuffs.
Cash quotations were as' follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 67%@69c; No • 2
red, 70%c; No. 2 corn, yellow, 58"4<?!>59c; No. 2
oats, S6V4@37c; No. 2 white, 38#39%c; No. 3
white, 37%@38V6c; No. 2 rye, 56c; fair to choice
malting barley, 54@60c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 60;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 62 ; : prime timothy seed
$5 35®5 45; mess pork, per bbl, $14 90@l5; lard,
per 100 lbs, $9 85; short-rib sides (loose), $8 85®
9; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%©7%c; short
clear sides (boxed), $9 50@9 60; .whisky, basis of
high wines. $1 30; clover, contract grade, $8 50. ,-
Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 37.000 22.000
Wheat, bushels 150.0SO 242,000
Corn, bushels 181.000 561,000
Oats, bushels ...152,000 162 000
Rye, 'bushels 14,000 2^000
Barley, bushels 44,000 V 19,000
On . the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market wag firm; creameries, 14®21c: dairies
13®l"c. Cheese, firm, 10@U<4c* Eggs, firm
fresh, 16@16V4c. , . . ,..
' Hogs continue in good supply* and easy, and
are off a little at Chicago, with some stock
carried over. • ¦
jj Wholesale rates from slaughterers . to dealer*
are as follows: ;
BEEF— 6@6Vic .for Steers and , 5@5%c ¦ per lb
for Cows.
• VEAL— Large, 7%@8^c; small, 8@9c per lb.
- MUTTON— Wethers, 6%@7c; Ewei, 6©6V4c per
pound. • ' '
LAMB— 7@8c per lb. • , ' •
, PORK— Live hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6®6Hc;
over ¦ 200 * lbs, 5*&®5%c ; . feeders, — — ; sows, ZO
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about. lHc under quotations. Heavy . salted
Steers.' lie; medium, 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides.
9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags. 7c; Salted
Kip. 9Vic; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf, 10^c-
Dry-Hides, 16®l«i,4c: Culls, 14c: Dry Kip, i?c :
Dry Calf. 18c)f Culli and Brands. 15c: Sheep
skins, shearlings, 15@30e each; short Wool. 30
©60c each; medium, 50@75c; long Wool, 80cS)
$1 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50@2 75 for large
and : $2®2 25 for medium, $1 .50©! .75 for small
and 60c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large, $1 25<3>1 60 for medium, $1 25 for small
and 60c for Colts. Deerskins-Summer or red
skins. 33c; fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or
thin skins. 20c,' Goatskins— Prime Angoras
75c: large and smooth, 60c; medium,- 35c. ¦
TALLOW— Refined. 6Vic; No. 1 rendered. 4%
@5c per lb: No. 2, 3%©4c; grease. ¦ 2V4@3c 1
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive. 7 months. 7®8c: Oregon Valley fine. 14a
15c: do. medium and coarse. ll@13c; Oregon;
Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do. fair to good. 9®
lie- Nevada, 10@12e. , **
. Fall-San Joaquln. 6V4®8%o; San Joaquln
Lambs'. 7V4@9c. • Middle County. 8®10c; North
ern Mountain free. 9@llc; do. defective, 8©9o_-
Hurrboldt and Mendoclno. ll@12c per lb. -*"
HOPS— New. 12@15c per lb.
Attention Is called to the Weather Bureau
report on the Oregon Hop crop In the first
column, in which a statement as to the size
of the crop last week Is corrected.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One- half-barrel,' 5%c; three
half -barrels, 9%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces
9&c; five tierces. 9%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7&@8c per lb for
compound and 12c for pure; half-barrels, pure
12UC; 10-lb tins. 12%c; 5-lb tins, 12%c; 3-lb tins'
13c. - : ¦ • • . • •
•.CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12V4o per lb for
heavy. 12V4@13c for light medium, 14c for light
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured'
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14@14tfc; California
Hams. 13V4c: Mess Beef, $11 per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family, $12 50; prime Mess Pork
$15; extra clear, $23; Mess. $19; Smoked Beef
14c per pound. , , - » :
The situation Is as firm ' as ever, and local
dealers say that Hams must advance as they
are below the parity of the East and' selling
at or below cost of Importation. Bacon and
Lard continue very strong.
Provisions.
HOTEL ABBIVAJLS.
GRAND HOTEL.
H Jackson. Stanford J Langtard, Calavera*
W Hanson, Stanford C Stucy. Cal
W Jones & w, Manila C C Inky, Chicago
R McCormlck. Chicago S Little. L Any
I Bronson. Seattle P F Rice. Tucson
W H Plpp. Chicago J Rels. Cal
R G Brady. Tucson M Phelps, Cal .
J Castleman & w. Cal C J Heyber, L. Anf
G Borden,, L Ang J Dennis, Cal
R T Boals. Oregon E Bemat. Detroit
H M Stevens. Wash A Lundstrom, L An*
F Williams & w, L A J W Crys:al. Cal
E P Hllborn. Suisun Mrs Garfl;l<*. Cal
A Lysle. Pittsburg Mrs J Mirmon, Cal
P Sweed. Petaluma S B Dewi?y, Cal
W J Palmer, Petaluma C A Flsk. Sacto
E "WUkman. Watsonvl Mrs M X.ason. Cal
Al Wlggs. Nome Mrs Kenny, Mass
EdSuter, Nome W C Perchass, Cal
T Suter. Nome J A Tylei, Chicago
Mrs L Spear, Ky O Nelsser. Chicago
Mrs Wheeler. Stockton T Flanlgan. Reno
F T Simpson. NY A Eaton. S Joae
W Anderson & w. Sac T Dlngh&Ti. N Y
C Klngsley. Red Bluff W Morchsin & w Saa
C A Brown, Boston H Irvln. Modesto
J E Whltmarsh & d. E'B Flatfc. L Ang
Boston B W 9alnon. Cal
H D Brown. Denver O Joraby Brooklyn
M Williamson. Cal H Pattemon, Cal
J M Morrcll. I* Ang C HIIlanI.aU, Cal
F Mulloy. Shasta D J McLean. Sutter Ck
PALACE HOTEL.
New York R V Ellti, Hanford
C M Stewart. Los Ang J K Wadley & w. Ark
W A Brewer. Sn Mateo C Wler. Los Angeles
J R Ireland. NY H C Moa-e. San Jo«e
A K Tiernan. SH Lake Mrs W L Woodroe. Cat
T P Kelley. NY C W Wltwlm, Readng
J P Jackson, Mich Mrs A \V lnelm. Pa
C E Locke. Worcester E Everhardt. Oakland
J M Meaghan. Cal J C Neediam. Modesto
W M Cake. Portland Mr Orun<lell. Berlin
Mr Fulda. Berlin
.H K Macomber & w, Mr Coernmnn. Brriln
Pasadena Capt Fehl. Berlin
Mrs R L Webb. Dawsn H H Shtitts & w. Ill
D L Wilbur. Riverside Mrs M T Bennett. Cal
H F Lowenthal. N Y M B Spiiuldlng & w.
J F Wei born. Denver New York
B Hlrschfeld. NY E P Dol« & w. Honolu
8 H Roberts. Jollet C N Kenney. N Y
O D Thayer. Boston C N Stewart. N Y
W R Blough. Pa J Treadnell.- Oakland
1^ C Beatty & w. Kan» H Nathanson. NY
O S Patton. Los Ang Mrs L A Terry. Sacto
O S Patton Jr. Ls Ang Miss L "erry. Sacto
O W Colton. NY D L Casselman A w.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
O Lake, w & sn. Salem J H Lomen Jr. Ky
F Baccus, Denver F H HaiTlson. Boston
Mls» C Baccus, Denver J N Goldwald. Uoston
J W Williams. NY- r F ArnMd. Chicago
J Hodges. Santa Cruz II M Peck. Mich
O A Eldrtdge. Sta Cra O Noble. Cripple Creek
C'Hllt. Seattle , A Orion, Concord
H C Smith. Alaska W W Holcomb. Concrd
G Wilson. Neb • . W Shook & w. Uklah
R Steuart. Idaho ' ¦ J Svanson. New Orina
A O Carmlchal. Tulare B J Monry & w, Cal *
S W Roller. Cal- |j Harratv. Cincinnati
Mrs M Gapen, Neb F Bush, CUvtlaa4 x
O Ga*en & w. Neb ' v -
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— •
100 Caribou 73
400 Caribou • 80
9 Hanford 113 go
1500 Junction 22
30 Kern 5 50
1000 Lion, cash 09 .
200 Monarch of Arizona 24
350 Occidental of West Virginia 40
10 San Joaquln Oil & Development 8 00
200 Sovereign 24
Afternoon Session.
Board—
400 Bay City "40
2 Hanford no 00
BOO Independence jo
1400 Junction 93
10 Kern River g 50
1000 Lion OS
2000 Lion, s 60 08
350 Peerless, b 90 535
200 Peerless 500
1000 Reed Crude . 31
2000 Reed Crude 30
200 Reed Crude ;.... 33
200 Sterling 130
600 Sterling, b 90 1 35
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 16| GOO Overman 06
Afternoon Session. .
200 Con Cal & Va..l 751 400 Union Con .; 06
400 Mexican ....... 18 600 Union Con .. " 07
200 Ophlr, ..\76l 500 Utah * 02
The • following were the sales In tho Pacific
Stock Kxchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belcher 17 300 Oould & Currv 0«
200 Con Cal & V.I 67% 200 Mexican . ?«
200 Con Cal & Va.l 70 100 Ophlr «
200 Crown Point .. 03 500 Savage "" 04
Afternoon Session.
300 Caledonia ...... 31, 500 Sierra Nevada 1
100 Con Cal & V.I 72>V 600 Sierra Nevada n
200 Hale & Norcrs 18 200 Silver Hill v
¦ 80 Mexican .¦ 19 200 Union Cor "" 07
100 Mexican 18 400 Union Con n*
lOOOphlr 76 - -™
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Sept. 26-^ p m
Bld.Ask. B ? d m *.
Alpha - 0? fustlce ........ o'^
Alta - 0o Kentuck Z. m
Andes ...:...;.. Oo 06 Lady Wash .... oi -
Belcher 09 .11 Mexican 17 ,<,
Best & Belcher 16 17 Occidental 05 07
Bullion • 01 03 Ophlr « 2i
Caledonia 32 3o Overman 03 06
Challenge Con. 14 16 Potosl os ™
Chollar 06- 07 Savage "" S3 ™
Confidence. — 60 Scorpion iu
Con Cal & Va.l 70 1 75 Seg Belcher.... 02 04
Con Imperial .. — 01 1 Sierra Nevada 17 is
Con New York. - 01 Silver Hill ...T 33 3fi
Crown Point .. 03 OJLSt Louis 06 ' —
Eureka Con 14 —'Standard 3 25
Exchequer ..... — 01 Syndicate _ 07
Oould & Curry 06 07 Union Con .... 06 07
Hale & Norcrs '17" 13 Utah V 01 02
Julia ...........— 01 Yellow ¦ Jacket. 07* Ci
Astoria 30.04 58 52 W Cloudy .20
Baker 29.96 55 42 NW Rain .01
Carson 23.94 «8 46 NW Clear .00
Eureka 30.08 C4 56 Rtt" Clear .04
Fresno 29.92 78 46 NW Clear .00
Flagmrr 29. 96 70 2S S Clear .00
Pocatfllo. Idaho.23.Pl CO 46 W Clear .00.
Independence 2S.74 78 42 E Clear .00
Los Angeles 23.82 7S 50 W Clear .00
Phoenix 29.70 96 S4 XW Clear .CO
Portla-d 30.fiO 66 52 W Pt Cldy .01
Red Bluff 30.00 7f< 4S N Pt Cldy .01
T.o^ohurr. 30.06 62 52 NW Rain .12
SaTcmento 19. CS 74 52 N Clear .00
8aH T,ake ».PS 73 40 X Pt Cldy .00
fan Francisco 3P.02 fi4 52 W Clear .00
Ran T.uis Obispo.23.Ti4 Kl M W Clear .00
Pan Diego 29. K4 70 M! W Clear .00
Peattle 2S.96 82 5T S Cloudy -02
.Fnol-are ?o.Ort TS. 46 K Rain • .34
.N'eah p»v 29.96 SS 46 E Cloudy .00
WMiR. Walla 29.<W *I6 4»n W Clear 10
Wlnrrmueea ....29.S4 62 4V NW Pt Cldy .00
Tuma 29.C8 96 52 SW Clear .00
-; Temperature at 7 a. m.. 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pre^ure has risen rapidly during the
part twenty-four hours over the northern half
of the Pacific Coast. Conditions are favorahl*
for settled fair weather. No rain has fallen
In California except in the extreme north. The
.temprrnture continues cool In the great val
leyg of California, but warmer weather and
more favorable for fruit drying will probably
of-ur hy the en<l of the week.
Torerast made at Fan Franclnco for thirty
't\r>v.rr. ending midnight. Sfnt.omber 27 1001-
Northern Calif nrnia-Fnlr Friday; light north
ern- wir.ar: warmer In the Interior
Southern Calirr>rn1«-Falr Friday; ll^ht north
erH- wiiflf: warmer.
N'evarta-Falr Friday; frcfh westerly winds
warmer. *
Fun Franciiwo nn<1 vicinity— Fair Fridas
frefh north wtst -w-'n^dr ws-mer . " '
ALEXANDER G. McADTK.
Forecast Official.
Articles — . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No." 2 —
September ...•. 68% 68% 68% 68%
December 70% 70% 70V$ ¦ 70%
May 73% 74% 73% 73%
Corn No. 2 —
September - 57% 58 57% 57%
December 58% 59% 58% 58%
May 60 60% 59?i 59%
Oats No. 2—
September 34% 34% 34% 34%
December 36% 36% 36% 36Vi
May 38% 3S% 38% 38%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
October 14 75 14 85 14 75 14 82V4
January 15 95 16 07% 15 95 16 05 "
May 1605 16 15 16 05 . 16 15
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September 9 82% 9 87% 9 82% 9 87%
October 9 75 9 85 9 75- 9 82%
January 9 32'^ 9 40 9 32U 937%
May... 9 35 9 40 9 35 9 40
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September .... .... g 35'
October 8 80 8 90 8 80 8 82%
January 8 25 8 30 -8 25 8 27%
May 8 35 8 37% 8 30 8 35*
S 2 2O on »3
STATIONS. 3 i = l|<= So S
5 : I: 2 1= f" E
: - ¦ • : s
THE COAST RECORD.
Second - Session— December— 2000 ctls, 68?ic. '
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales. ;
OATS — It Is now said that' the recent Gov
ernment order ' for 4000 tons, which was sup
posed to have gone north, was divided, 3000 tons
being placed up. there and 1000 tons down here.
This is the 1000 tons mentioned during the past
day or two, and 600 tons of it have already been
filled. The market shows no change.
Grays, $1 10® 1 20; whites, fl 10«U 30; black,
Jl@l 15, and red, $1 05@l 20 per ctl.
CORN— The feeling was firmer at Chicago and
the shorts covered. There was no change here.
Eastern is quoted to arrive in bulk at fl 60 for
White. $1 60 for Yellow and ?1 60 for mixed.
RYE— 75@77%c per Ctl. ¦
' BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none in first hands.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December — 4000
ctls. 99%c; 8000, 99%c. May-2000, ?1 03ft.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 6000 ctls,
99->ic
Afternoon Session — No sales. - - • - -
• BARLEY— The market ¦ continues dull and
nominal. . .... ...
Standards of barley for 1901, as complied by
Grain Inspector Louis Steller, -are as follows:
No. "1" Chevalier, 53 pounds; No. 1 Brewing, 46
pounds; • No. 1 Feed,- dark, . 42 pounds; No. 1
Feed, bright, j 40 pounds. Last year Chevalier
ran 52 pounds. No. 1 Brewing 46 pounds, No. 1
Feed, dark, 41 pounds and No. 1 Feed, bright,
39 pounds.
Feed. 72%@73%c for choice bright, 70@71%c
for No. 1 and 67%c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77V4@82Vic; Chevalier, 95c®
$1 05 per ctl. > , -
CALL BOARD SALEa
Informal Session — 9:15 o'ciock— No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Liverpool was weak and Paris
lower. Beerbohm estimated the world's crop
at 2,712,000.000 bushels, against 2,511,000,000 bush
els last year. The annual requirements are
2,500,000,000 bushels.
Chicago was rather more active. Wet weather
in the Northwest was expected to curtail the
movement. Receipts of winter wheat were
light. Conspicuous buying by two prominent
houses steadied . the market. .
This market continued dull and unchanged.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. 95@96%c; milling, 98%c
<5?1 02% per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
There is nothing new to report under this
head. A fair business is being done in fruits
at steady prices. '¦ k ' .. - ** .
FRUITS— Apricots, 7%@9%c for Royals and
8@l2%c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 7@8c; sun dried, 4@4' / sc;
Peaches. 6@8c; Pears, 7@9c; Plums, pitted 4®
5%c; unpltted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5@6c for red
and 5%@6%c for white; Figs. 3%@3%c for black
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows, on
the basis of 3%@3%c for the, four sizes: 30-40's
5%@5%c; 40-50's, 5@5%c; ' 50-60's, 4>4@4%o'
60-70's. 4@4%c; 70-80's, 3%@3%c; 80-90's 3@3%c|
90-100's. 2%@2%c per lb. pid crop are being
cleaned up at 3@3%c for the four sizes.
RAISINS — Are cleaned up and nominal
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 9&c; No 2
7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds*'
13@14c for papershell. 10@llc for softshell and
5@6c for hardshell: Peanuts. 5@7c for Eastern-
Brazil Nuts. 12@12",2c; Filberts. 12@12%c; Pe
cans, ll(f?13c: Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 100
12c for light amber: water white extracted, 5U
@6c; light amber extracted. 4%@5c; dark, 4©
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb. ' •
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight.. — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — ¦ 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 7%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars, nominal .47 @ 47&
Exchange and Bullion.
CHICAGO. Sept. 26.— The short-lived activ
ity in corn, the only feature of the day, was
due to an exhaustion of supplies. For. a few
moments anxious shorts were alarmed by the
situation and ran up. the market la. The cov
ering movement over, the market took cogni
zance of the perfect weather and eased off.
but closed steady at 58% c, %@%c higher. lor
December. • ...
The market for wheat was a dull and nar
row affair. A ring of local bears attempted to
force December under 70c by taking advantage
of the favorable reports from Argentina and
Russia, but the movement lacked sufficient
weight to overcome the bullish influence of
corn and light Southwest receipts. December
opened at 70%c. sold to 70%(gi70%c. reacted to
70%c and closed steady at 70%@70%c.
Oats was a scalper's market. December closed
unchanged at 36^4c. "
Provisions were quiet but steady on a fair
cash demand. January pork closod a shade and
January lard and ribs each 2%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
LONDON, Sept. 26.— Consols, 93%; silver,
26% ; French rentes, lOlf 17V4c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, nominally unchanged; cargoes No.
1 Standard California, 29s; cargoes Walla
Walla, 2Ss 3d; English country markets,
steady.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 26.— Wheat, easy; No. 1
Standard California, Ss 10V&d^5s ]ld; wheat In
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets.- quiet. ¦ • - •- • ¦¦
COTTON— Uplands, 4 9-16d.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA, Sept. 26.— WHEAT— Unchanged ;
Blue Stem, 65c; Club, 54c. ¦
PORTLAND, Sept. 26.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la. 54@54%c; Valley, D5c; Blue Stem. 65%c.
Cleared — British steamer Glamorganshire, for
St. Vincent, for orders, with 119,293 bushels
wheat, 102,336 bushels barley; British bark Sus
sex, for Queenstown, with 7230 bushels wheat,
78,470 bushels barley. ,
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Sept. 26.— Clearings? f 471, 965;
balances, $75,838.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, 50c@J3 50; Lem
ons. $1@1 25 for common and $2 50@3 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, $Wj2 50; Mexican Limes,
repacked, $4@4 50; Bananas, $l@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $1 50@3 per dozen.
GRAPES— Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent more than small boxes and crates,
which are quoted as follows: Sweetwater,
35@50c per box and crate; Tokay, 35@65c; Mus
cat, 35@75c; Black, 35@65c; Isabella, 35©
75c; Corhichon, 90c@$l; Wine Grapes, ?28<&30
per to:: for Zltifandel and $20@25 for white.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 15@50c per box; Canta
loupes, 25@75o per crate; Watermelons, J5@15
per 100. •
PEACHES— 25<350c per box; Peaches in car
riers, 20<g50c; Mountain Peaches, 40<gC0c per
box. . .•«•»-
NECTARINES-Red, 75c . per box for cold
storage.
POMEGRANATES— 50@75c per box for small
and fl for large boxes.
PEARS— Bartletts, $1 25@1 75 per box; Winter
Pear3, 25c@$l per box.
. CJUlNCESv-35@50c per box. ' .
STRAWBERR1ES-$1@6 per cheet for Long
worths and $3©5 for large berries.
BLACK BERRIES— J3®5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES per chest.
RASPBERRIES— 15@6 .per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES-7&8C per lb.
FIGS— Black, 30@75c for double layer boxes;
White, 50c. '
APPLES— 75c@U 25 per box for good to choice
and 3oSjG5c for ordinary.
CRABAPPLES— 50@75c per* box.
PLUMS— 40@65c per box; Prunes, 65cS|l per
crate.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Melons continue in large supply. and quiet
There Is nothing new. in tree fruits except a
firmer feeling in Plums and Prunes, good
stock being rather scarcer.
The Capo Cod Cranberries will not be in
until Monday. *
Reports from the country indicate that the
rainH have not done as much damage to Grapes
as feared," as the recent cold weather has de
layed the season so that the wine Grapes an
a rule are yet too green to be seriously af
fected.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
Evapcrated apples held pretty steady. The
new croD is in an unsettled' condition and
prices run all the way from 6c to 8c. accord-
Ing to quality. Old State, common to good,
5ig8c; prime, 8%@8%c; choice, 9c; fancy, 9%
(ij9Vic.
California dried fruits were , Inactive but
steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— FLOUR— Receipts.
27,075 barrels; exports, 16,669 barrels. Dull but
steady. , '.
WHEAT— Receipts, 147,530 bushels; exports.
31,900 bushels. Spot— Dull. No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 76%c f. o. b. ailoat. Options — Were
easier at first, owing to lower cables and liqui
dation, but eventually sold up with corn. They
finally eased off under, realizing and closed
dull. May, 79@79%c, closed 79%c; September,
74»i@74%c, closed 74%c; October, 73%®73%c,
closed 73%c; December closed 76c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
SUGAR — Haw, steady; refined, steady.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, steady; mild, quiet.
Futures— Closed steady, 10@15 points net lower.
Sales, 54, COO bags, Including: September, $5®
5 05; October. $5Q'5 05; December, $5 20@3 25;
March. $5 45<g'5 50: May, $5 60#5 65; July, $5 75®
5 SO; August, $5 85.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6500 packages; firm.
State dairy, HfjEu'.ic; creamery, 15^22c; June
factory. 14%<JT15%c.
EGGS — Receipts, 8000 packages; firm. West
ern candled, 2Q%@21c; Western uncandled, 17%
©20c.
Ncxv York Grain and Produce.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balances, $189,421, 37J; gold, $103,290.
214.
Condition of the Treasury.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures w*-re reported from Eastern stations:
Boston. 5S-44; Cincinnati. 82-5S; Jacksonville.
78-70; Kansas City. SO-66; Philadelphia. 66-48;
Washington, Cl-44; :.'cw York, 66-50.
: Eureka. €4; Mount Taraalpals. 59; Independ
ence 7S; Red Bluff. 70: Fresno. 78; Los Ange
les. Sft; Sacramento. 74; San Luis Obispo, 80;
San Diego, 70.
Sar. Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
64: minimum, £3; mean. 5S.
a2f»th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRAXCISCO. Sept. 26—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Weather Report.
•'Hois were r.carly all picked before the
rain becan. In last week's report it was
etaud that the hop yield was below expec
taticRi- and that it would not be more th-iu
one-fourth as much as last year. This wa«
an error and should have been one-fourth
less than last year. The returns received
this v.-eek lead to the belief that the Oregon
hop yield will be a little less than thrt-e
fourths of as large a crop as that gathered
lat-t year.
"Corn and potatoes are being harvested and
the yields are light. The third crop of alfalfa
has be«-n cut and housed. Pastures have been
much improved by tho rains and stock is gain
ing flesh.
•Prune picking is well advanced and a large
porticn of the crop was secured before the
rairiF Ixgan. A fair crop of apples, pears
and peaches are being marketed."
"Good rains fell in all parts of ths State
on the L'lst and 23d. In the Willamette Val
ley and coast districts they averaged about
2.tO inches in depth, while in the eastern
portion of the State they amounted to less
than an Inch. These ralr.s will do great good
in reviving pastures, in softening up the soil
for lull plowing and in putting out forest
f.r^s and clearing the air of smoke. They
wili. however, delay the prune harvest and
If tliey continue much longer will prove to bs
lniuricus to that crop.
The Oregon Crops.
Tho report of Edward A. Deals, section di
rector of the climate and crop service of the
¦weather bureau, en the Oregon crops for the
week ending September 13 Is as follows:
Mall reports from New York say: "New
currants and new Smyrna figs attract most
atlc-miun at r-rest-nt. The first new figs ar
rived on the Teutonic from Liven 00I and have
been Itrcely sold at arrive. The total quan
tity Lruught by this vessel is 721 ba&fi. 235
caecs ar.d j» skeleton cases. Layers are still
oCEerSas at ll«/14^c and bags, extra selected
naXttrala. at to. New crop currants on spot
meet with a fatr sale at 7' / iW8c. according to
quality and holder. Further supplies are ex
l«ected by way of Liverpool to-day or early
in the week, some business dclng to arrive
at 7»»c. Old Amalias are very dull, and It is
rej)orte<1 are available down to 7c.
"Kais'.ns generally are quiet, new Valenclas
being a little easier. Old Malagas are m-eting
with home demand In a Jobbing way at T2 S0@
S 23. l'runes are very dull on spot ami fu
tures, tanta Claras are Belling very slowly at
botli a S'/»c and a 3>ic basis for the four
Fiie?. A bid of 3e by a large Jobber for the
six Fixes' of Santa Claras was turned down
j-«^lerdH>\ Apples continue dull at unchanged
Quotations.
"Tbew is a little trade In nuts on spot, and
a very fair activity in nearly all descriptions
of r.uts lor future delivery."
Dried Fruit in New York.
BUTTER — Creamery, 24@25c per lb for fancy
and 22>iC'(23e for seconds; dairy, 18@22V-c: store
Butter, 15@17V4c per lb; Creamery Tub," lS©21c;
Pickled Roll, 19@20c; Keg, lS@l»c per lb.
CHEESE— New, H@l2c; old, 10%c; Young
America, 12%c per lb; Eastern, 13©15c.
EGOS— Ranch, 34@3oc for selected large, 30
@33c for good to choice and 27%®2Sc for fair;
store, 22@25c per dozen; cold storage. 19fe22c:
Eastern. I7@22^c.
Receipts were 32,200 pounds of Butter,
pounds Eastern Butter, 452 cases of Eggs,
cases Eastern Eggs, 14,300 pounds of California
Cheese and pounds Eastern Cheese.
Eggs stand about the same. Fine ranch are
firm, but the lower grades of fresh still have
to compete with cold storage and Eastern
goods.
Butter seems to be moving off rather better
and even the lower grades are more active.
Fancy creameries are firm. There is no change
In Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Morning Session.
Board —
110 Alaska Packers'. Association no 00
25 Honokaa. s 90...'. ;# u 50
25 Honokaa. ., n 3714
50 Makawell, s 90 „., 23 75
100 Makawell ?4 00
43 Market Street Railway '„ j 2 50
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 v>K
Street— "
150 Alaska Packers* Association 139 75
$2000 N P C R R 5s 107 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 43 00
$5000 S P of C 6s (1905. Series B) HO 75
$1000 Spring Valley 4a (2d mortgage).... 103 25
Afternoon Session. ,.
Board —
50 California Wine Association '88 00
20 Honokaa Sugar Co u 00
. 30 Makaweli 24 00
100 Paauhau S P Co u ©0
50 S F Gas A Electric Co, s 90 43 mi
15 Spring Valley Water 86 75
15 Spring Valley Water 86 62^
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup..H3%114 4s qr c (new)..139%140%
4s quar reg 112%113 3s quar coup.,.108%109
I MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C Cs.106 107 Oceanic SS 5s.lO3 —
Cal-st 5s 118 — Omnibus C 6s. 132 —
C C Water 5S.109 — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s»..128V3l33% Pk A Cl H 6S.109 —
Fer & C R 6s. — — Pk & ( O R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st It 6s. — —
H C & S 5',is.lO6% — Sac E G R 6$. 93 —
Do 5s 99%1O2V1 S F & SJV Cs.123%126
Los Ang R 5s. 118 120 Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
L A Light 6a.l01% — S P of Ariz (a
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 112%U3
Do gntd C.«..1O3 — (1910) 113VJ —
L A & Pac 5s. — 102% S P of Cal fs
Do 1 c m 5s. — — (1S05). Ser A.109%110-%
Mkt-*t Cab 6s. — 12X% (1905), Ser E.110%111%
Do 1 c m os.122 — (1906) ........ 112%112%
Nev C N G 7». — — (1912) 122 —
N R of Cal 6s.ll2'ill3 S P of Cal 1st *
Do 5s 121 — c gntd 3s. ...110 —
Nor Pac C 6s. 101% — S P Br Cal 6».136% —
Do os 106% — S V Water 6».111% —
Nor Cal R 5s. .Ill — Do 4s 103 103}j
Oak Gas on.... Ill — Do 4s. 3d rr,.101«4 —
Oak Trans 6s. — 121 Stktn Gas 6s.. 104 —
Oak Wat g 5s. 102% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76% 7»Vi Port Costa .... 61 65
Marin County. 58 — ' Spring Valley. 864 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L& P... 4 5 Pacific Light.. 42 —
Equitable 3% 4 Sacramento ...' — 40
Mutual 4% 6% S F G & E.... 43% 43%
Oakland 50 51% San Francisco. 4% iv,
Pac Gas Imp.. 39 41 Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 247 J '
..BANKS..- . .
Anglo-Cal ..... — SO L P & A .153 160
California ....405 — Mer Ex (liq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep.108% — S F National. 130 —
First Nationl.305 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1S95 — Sav & Loan... —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav.... 54 — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Francisco. 520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130 — O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio 30 —
Market 83 —
POWDER.
Giant 73 74 I Vlgorit ST4 4%
SUGAR.
Hana 5% 6 Kilauea 11% —
Hawaiian — 50 Makawell 23% 24%
Honokaa 10% 11% Onomea 25
Hutchinson ... 14% 15^4 Paauhau 10% 11^4
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 140 140% Oceanic S Co.. — 50
Cal Fruit Can. 96 97 Pac Aux F A. ?% —
Cal Wine Asn. 88 90 Pac C Borax.. 165
Mer Exchnge..llO — Par Paint 16
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Sept. 26—2 p. m.
morning session of the Bond Exchange, though
trading was light. Gas and Electric was
higher at $43@43 12%, Alaska Packers' at
$139 75®140 and Market Street Railroad at
$82 50. Honokaa Sugar was weaker at $11 50<9>
11 37%. The oil stocks were unchanged and
dull.
There was more variation in prices on ' the
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— Close— Money on call.
3@'4 per cent; last call, S% per cent; ruling
rate, 3% per cent; prime mercantile paper, 5@
5% per cent. Sterling exchange easier, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 85 for
demand and at J4 S3%®4 83% for sixty days;
posted rates, $4 84 and $4 86%; commercial
bills, $4 8214®-* 82%. Bar silver, steady, 58%c;
Mexican dollars, 45%c. Bonds — Government,
steady; State, inactive; railroad, inactive. .
New York Money Market.
STOCK MARKET.
' CHICAGO, Sept. 26.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day: Peaches— Salways,
50@75c, , average 60c; Smock, 55@60c, ' average
58c; Kelseys, 75c. Grapes— Tokays, 75c@Jl 45,
average $1 20; .Muscats, S5c@$l 05. average 88c.
Nine cars sold to-day. . •.',--' J'-'.*'S
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
to-cay: Graces— Tokays, single crate. 80c@
Jl 25, average $1 04; Malagas, single crate, 85c@
Jl 25, average $1 11. Peaches— George s Late,
box, 45@60c, average 54c; Levl Cling, box, 65®
95c, average 67c; Salways, box, 50@65c, average
5Sc. , Pears— Seckels, box, $1 15@1 85, average
$1 43; D'Anjou, $1 35; B. Bosc, *1 35. Prunes-
Germans, single crate, 85®90c, average 87c;
Italians, single crate, 83c; Silvers, single crate.
85c. Nine cars sold to-day. Weather dry and
warm.
BOSTON, Sept 26.— The Earl ' Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit at auction to
day are as follows: Grapes— Tokay, slngla
crates 90c<S$l 35. average U 15. Peaches—Sal
way, boxes. 50@75c. average 56c; George s Late,
boxes, 60$r65c, average 52c. Six cars sold to
day. Weather dry and favorable.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day: Grapes—
Tokays, single crates, $1 35@1 43. average $1 38.
Peachear-Sulways. boxes. 45<f?70c, average b5c;
Georges Late, boxes, 60@75c, average 6nc.
Pears— Winter Nellls, boxes, $1 45@1 63. aver
age $1 50. Twelve cars sold to-day. Weather
r porter "Bros. Company sold California fruit
to-day: Tokays, *1 25<H>2 05, average, $1 69;
Clusters, 52ft2 15, average $2 Oi); Morocco, J2 10;
Muscats. 95c@$2, average $1 50; CornichonB,
$2 15; Assorted. $1 45^2 20, average »1 87;
Cornice. *2 20<fj;4, average 53 43; Forrelle, $2 10
@2 15. average $2 12.
California Fruit Sales.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10o for Gobblers
and 12@13c for Hens: Young Turkeys, 13@16c;
Geese, per pair, $1 C0@l 75; Goslings, $150@175;
Ducks, *3@3 50 for old and }3 60(&5 for young;
Hens, *3 D0@5; young Roosters, J4@5; old Roos
ters, $3 50@4; Fryers, $3@3 50; Broilers. $3@3 50
for large and $2 25®2 75 for small; Pigeons. W 25
©1 50 per dozen for old and $1 7o@2 for Squabs. •
GAME- Doves, per dozen, Jl 25; Hare, Jl 25;
Rabbits, $l 50 for Cottontail and $1 25 foi
Brush.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry came in and
sold off well. There was no change worthy
of note in local stock.
Poultry and Game.
of the much hifber l-rices for produce in the
West and Southwest this year as compared
with Jftu". cwlnz to the damage done by the
ren^r.rkaiJe hot spell of seme weeks ago. A
Chiiacu paper prints a comparative list *>t
soir.e of the wholesale quotations as follows:
Aug. Aug.
1901. 1900.
Potatoes, bushel* $1 15 *0 10
Cali.ornia potatoes, bushel 1 35 60
Swett corn, sack 65 25
Peas 150 25
Beets, cut 1 50 25
String beans, 6ack 2 00 23
Onl. ns. Vack 123 S3
Toir.iiK'CR, bushel 2 50 63
Apples, barrel S 00 100
l'eachcs. basket 30 15
Plum*, box 165 85
Oranges* box 5 Ofl 3 50
Prur.es, ixiur.d C6 02
Mention has already been made in The Call
Produce Prices This Year and Last
ket in London had made a slump. London
poured out stocks upon the New York market
in liquidation, making the opening active anil
weak. It became evident very quickly that
support was to be accorded to Amalgamate!
Copper and Anaconda. Only 700 shares of the
former and 600 shares of the latter sold at
% below last night's closing. All subsequent
transactions were at or above last night's
level. Both Btocks fluctuated frequently dur
ing the day, but the large short interest
showed Itself nervous over the rally 9fter
such a steady decline. The active demand
from the shorts caused Amalgamated Copper
to recover more than the day's loss and It
closed only % below the best. Anaconda is
% higher for the day. The severe liquidation
in some of the railroad stocks, which was s
feature yesterday, was not In evidence and
the fears felt of unfavorable developments in
the companies not yet known to the public
were relieved. The selling was explained as
being due to liquidation by bull pools, and
suggestions were heard of internal dissensions
between the members of the pools to account
for the liquidation. The announcement of the
arrival in San Francisco of a consignment of
f2.;.OO,CC0 In Australian cold, taken in connec
tion with yesterday's report of a shipment of
a like amount from Sydney and the large re
ceipts of Klondike gold -in the last few days,
served as a reassurance to those who ten un
easiness ever the future money outlook. The
market closed quiet and steady at about the
best.
The principal weak spots In the bond mar
ket were in speculative Issues. These rallied
with stocks and others were firm throughout.
Total pales, par value, $2,090. COO.
United States bonds were, all unchanged on
the last call. .
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— - Sales High Low Close
Atchison 60.900 74»i 73% 74%
Atchlson pfd 3.300 95^ 94% 95%
Baltimore & Ohio 4,200 101 S9V4 lOOli
Baltimore & Ohio pfd... 200 94 94 94
Canadian Pacific 2.200 109% 109 109%
Canada Southern 3.000 S4% 80% 84%
Chesapeake & Ohio 3,100 46% 44 45
Chicago & Alton 1.C0O 37Vi 37 37^
Chicago & Alton pfd.... 1,900 7S 77>4 77^
Chicago, Ind & Louie... 5,400 41% 40'/* 41%
Chicago, Ind & L pfd.. 800 76 74 75
Chicago & Kast Illinois 125
Chicago & G Western... 2,300 23 22 22%
Chgo & G W A pfd 100 S3Vi 85% 84'^
Chgo & G W B pfd 200 47*; 46'* 46
Oheo & Northwestern.. S00 194 190% 193
Ohjro. H I & Pacific 300 140 140 no
Chgo Term & Trans 300 22^ 22 22%
Chgo Term & Trans pfd 1,200 42 *41 41
C C C & St Louis 1,600 98 %V t 97H
Colorado Sout)<ern 700 14% 13>4 14%
Colo Southern 1st pfd 53%
Colo Southern 2d pfd.... 100 25 25 24%
Delaware & Hudson 1,000 162% 162 162%
Del, Leek & Western 222
Denver & Rio Grande... 400 45% 45 45%
Denver & R G pfd 300 92% 92% 92%
Erie 29.700 41% 40% 41%
Erie 1st pfd 5.100 69V4 68Vt C9%
Krie 2d pfd 1,4<JO 55 54% 55%
Great Northern pfd 800 184V4 1S3% 185%
Hocking Valley 400 53% 52% 63
Hocking Valley pfd 700 74% 74% 74%
Illinois Central 500 143% 143 143%
Iowa Central 1,500 41 40% 40V4
Iowa Central nfd 200 78% 77 78
Lake Erie & Western.. 3,600 70 67% 70
Lake Krie & Wstn pfd 132
Louisville & Nashville.. 4.600 103% 102 103%
Manhattan Klevated 14.. r MX) 123% 122 123%
Met St Ry, ex dlv 2.300 163U 162% 163Vi
Mexican Central 1,900 23% 23 23%
Mexican National 700 13Ti 13% 13 T /»
Minn & St Louis 107
Missouri Pacific 46,100 97% 95% 97
Mo. Kans & Texas 300 27% 27% 27%
Mo, Kans & Tex pfd.... 1,600 54 52% 54
New Jersey Central 100 162 162 162
New York Central 6.200 AaVA 155% 157
Norfolk & Western 12.S00 54 52% 53%
Norfolk & Wf stern pfd 87
Northern Pacific pfd 200 95% 95V4 95%
Ontario & Western 13.700 34 33% 34
Pennsylvania 11.500 143^ 142 143%
Reading .' 7.000 41% 40% 41%
Reading 1st pfd 4,200 75%. 75 75%
Reading 2d pfd. 5.000 51% 50% 51%
Ft Louis & San Fran... 1.400 43* 44'^ 45
St Louis & S F 1st pfd 79
St Louis & S F 2d pfd 67%
Rt Louis Southwestern.. 400 28 27% 28%
St Louis Southwstn pfd 600 62 - 60 62
St Paul 35.Rno lfif) ir.7% 159%
St Paul pfd 200 187 187 187
Southern Pacific 26,ROO P6% 5S% R6^
Southern Railway 23.2M 33% 32 s ', 33
Southern Railway pfd... 7.OO0 86% RS^, 86
Texas & Pacific 4.900 41% 40% 41%
Toledo. St L, & W 20%
Toledo. St L& W pfd.. 300 34% 34 ¦ SiVt
Union Pacific 45.500 97 !>:>% W*
Union Pacific pfd 101 87% 87% 57'4
Wabash 2.500 22% 21% 21%
Wabash pfd 2.300 39 38% - 3K%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 18
Wheel & L E 2d pfd 30
Wisconsin Central ' 500 22 21H 21V.
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 100 41V6 41% 42 "
Express companies —
Adams 180
Am-rican 190
United States 90
Wells-Fflrgo 160
Miscellaneous—
Amalg Copper 125.900 93% ?S% 92%
Am Car A Foundry 2.100 2S% 2SU 2SV-
Am Car & Foundry pfd 900 84 S3V- 83^2
Am Linseed Oil 15"
Am Linseed Oil pfd 46
Am Smelting &¦ Refin.. 2.300 45 43% 14*1
Am Smelt & Itefln pfd. 500 97 96 96%
Am Tobacco 132%
Anaconda Mining Co... 5,600 37% 34 37U
Brooklyn Rapid Tran.. 600 66% fin% 66%
Colo Fuel & Iron 1.800 94% 93V^ 94%
Consolidated Gas 1,000 218 216% 217
Continental Tobacco '..' 66%
Continental Tobacco pfd 400 116 115 116
General Electric 300 257 256% 255U
Glucose Sugar 2Q0 So fin 541 J
Hocking Coal 100 1R 1* 17
International Paper 1, 000 23% 23 23%
International Paper pfd 300 78% 78' 78%
International Power I00 94% 94% 9»
Larlede Gas 100 90 90 S9 1 *
National Biscuit 100 43% 43% 43%
National Lead • 200 19% 19% 19
National Salt 100 41 41 V)'/.
National Salt pfd 75 "
North American 500 96 96 96
Pacific Coast 62
Pacific Mall 200 40% 40% 40%
People's Gas 2.7no 106% 104% 106%
Pressed Steel Car 1.000 39% 38% 39 1
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. 400 79% 79 79 .
Pullman Palace Car ...'' 211 '
Republic Steel 1.000 IStf is 16%
Republic Steel pfd 1.R00 fifl% 66 66%
Sugar 7.200 123 121% 122%
Tenn Coal & Iron 2,200 62. 60% 62%
Union Bag & Paper Co i5'/ t
Union Bae & P Co pfd 72
United States Leather.. 2,200 12V4 12% 12%
United States Leath pfd 2,300 79% 79% 79%
United States Rubber 17%
United States , Rub pfd \. ¦ 53
United States Steel 35.600 42% 41% 42%
United States Steel pfd. 10.0M 93% 91% 93
Western Union v .... 2,900 90% 89% 90%
Total shares sold 624.200
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s rcg 10SH Hocking Val 4^ s ..106t4
U S ref 2s coup... 109 L & N Uni 4b ." ioi*i
U S 3a reg lOfi^i Mex Central 4a... ' 84V4
U S 3s coup 108% Mex Cent 1st Inc 31
U S new 4s reg.... 139% Minn & St L 4s **103H
U S new 4s coup..l39K Mo Kans & T 4s' fls2
U S old 4s reg 112 Mo K & T 2ds 82
U S old 4a coup. ..113 N Y Cent lsts.. 'lO5*i
U S 5s reg 108 N Y Cent gen 3%s 108U
U S 5s coup. ..... 108 N J Cent gen 5« .130%
Atchison gen 4s.. ..105 No Pacific 4s 103
Atehison adj 4s.... 97 No Pacific 3s 72V
Bait & Ohio 4s.... 104 N &.W cor. 4s"""lO2V
Bait & Ohio 3%s... 94% Heading Gen "W"; U%
B & O con 4s 105 St L & I M con'fis 117*.
Canada So 2ds 107% St L & S F 4s II
Cent of Ga 5* 106% St L Swstrn HtV".97K
Cent of Ga 1st inc. 80 St L Swstrn 2ds'" ?i2
Ches A Ohio 4%*..106% S A & A P 4n rru,
Chgo & Alton 3%r. 84% So Pacific 4s... fliil
C B & Q new 4b... 96% Bo Railway Bs. ""m
C M & S P gen <s 110% Tex ft.Pac lsts iwu
C & N W con 7S..140 T St L & XV 4s u
C R I & P 4s.. ....106% Union Pacific 4s"*i05U
C C C&StL, -en 4«.104% U P conv 4sT... 10MV
1 Chgo Terminal 4s.. 93% Wabash mts .. "iiqu
Colo & So 4s 87% Wabash 2d« .. ' "ijo*
, D & R O 4s 102 Wabash deb B." 61%
Trie crlor leln 4s.. 97. West Shore 4s.. ."vvl
Krie genera! 4s.... 88. W & . I, K 4s. 90
F W & D C lsts...lO3 WIs Central 4s"I" ssV
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20i Little Chief ....... 12
Alice 4i'Ontarlo 11 no
Breece 1 40jOphlr 70
Brunswick Con... v - Of.iPhoenlx 08
Comotock Tunnel.. 06'Potosl 01
Con Cal & Va...... 160!8avage 01
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 26.
Flour, qr sks .... 37,503 Hay tons 700
Wheat, ctls 54.772 Sugar, ctls 2.853
Barley, ctls 9.94C Pelts, bdls 370
Oats, ctls 2,210 Hides. No 560
Rye. ctls 650 Leather, rolls .... 62
Potatoes, sks .... 7.170 Wine, gals 29.300
Beans, sks 2,021 Wool, sks 404
Onions, sks 704 Hops, bales 110
Bran, sks 2,450 Broom; Corn, bdls 87
Middlings, sks ...1,000 Tallow, ctls 264
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 435
Silver and. Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat and Barley quiet and easy.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged. \ . ,
Hay trade working around into better shape.
Beans unsettled and fluctuating.
Potatoes lower. Onions higher. Vegetables plentiful.
Butter moving off more actively. Eggs and Cheese as before.
Graf-cs reported too green to be damaged by rain.
Nothing uczi' in Dried Fruits.
Hams, Bacon and Lard very firm.
Oregon Hop crop about Jj per cent under last year.
Hogs in better supply and easy, here and at Chicago. %
*Xot much doing on the local stock exchanges.
Caroline Jacobs (owner) with A H. Wllhelm
(contractor), architect C. A. Menssdorffer— AH
work except gas fixtures and shades for altera
tions and additions to a two-story frame butld
lng on S line of Oak street. 100 E of Broderick.
E 25 by S 137:6; $2130.-
S. Alferita (owner) with Charles J. IT. Koenl<
(contractor), architect C. A. Mettssdorffer — All
work except mantels, plumbing, gas fitting,
sewer work, electrical work, gas fixtures and
shades for alterations and additions to a two
story attic and basement frame residence, on
SW corner of Jones and Lombard streets. S
137:6 by W 137:6; $6814.
Herbert E. Law (owner) witt Gray Bros,
(contractors), architect F. H. Meyer—Addi
tional grading, cribbing and concrete founda
tions for Rialto office building, on S corner o*
Mission and New Montgomery st-eets, SE 160,
SW 95:8, NW 80, SW 11:2, NW liO, NE 106:10;
$12,000.
Bunders' Contracts.
Mary C. and Ella R Care t> Henry M.
Landsberger. lot on E corner of Third and
Brannan streets. SE 137:6 by NE 137:6; $10.
Louis Stern and Llllle Schol!e (Stern) to
Owen M. Brennan. lot on E Unit of Stockton
street. 47:2 N of Post. N 23:5^i by E 80; $10.
Sigmund and Abraham Stern ani Hattle Hel
ler (Stern) to same, same; $10. -
San Francisco Lumber Company to John M.
Manning lot on S line of Hill street. 233 E of
Nee. E 25 .by S 114; $500.
Frederick ¦ S. and Florence E. Lafferty to
Emma Goldstein, lot on N line of Elizabeth
street, 15& W of Douglass, W 25 by N 111. lot
1CS, Heyman Tract; $10.
Same to H. W. Postlethwalte, lot on S line
of Pacific avenue, 137:6 E of Laurel street, B
83 by S 127:8%; $10.
George U. Hind to Marie Sellar Bullard, lot
on S line of Pacific avenue. 222:6 E of Laurel
street. E 52:6 by S 127:8%: $10.
William and Lizzie Hlnkel to Margaret C.
Bevans lot on E line of Cole street. 133:9 3
of Waller, S 25 by E 125; $10.
Isaac and Emily Eliaser to Theresa C. Horn
(widow), lot on N line of Golden Gate avenue,
37:6 w of Central avenue (Ixitt itreet). W 55
by N HO; $10.
Charles Schwarz to Annie Tarpey (wife of
David), lot on W line of Baker street. SO N of.
Filbert, N 25 by \V 100; $1000.
George W. and Minerva K. Frlnk and Bells
H. Flummer {widow) to Jules A. Simon, lot
on N line of Sutter street, 163:9 '!-3 E ct De
visadero. E 76:4 2-3 hy N 1M:1: ttO.
(widow), lot on N line of O'Farrell street, 96:4
W of Scott. W 26:6 by N 110; $10.
Anna Hubbard to Lizzie M. Hubbard, lot on
S line of Green street. 87 W of IJarkln, W 34
by S 1C0; gift.
Jessie W. Stone (widow) to Ludwlg VT.
Hoefler, lot on N line of Haight street, 173 B
of Laguna. E 40 by N 120; grant
Annette G. Relnoehl to Abra.ni Sllverstlne.
lot on N line of Eddy street, 10:1:3 £ of. Bu
chanan, E 23:9 by N 120; $10.
Rebecca and Joseph Hoene to Emelie Joost
Eliza E. Frye (widow) to P. L. Roberts, lot
48, block B, fronting on S line- of Merritt
street, between Rose and Hattle, map of Park
Lane Tract, between Seventeenth and Eight*
eenth; $10.
Isabella Dahler to William A. B. Knox. lot
on SE corner of Seventeenth and Stanyan
streets. S 46:9, E 1C0. N 33:4, W 100:4. lot U
block 4. subdivision 1. Clarendon Heights; $10?
Susan M. Hartshorn to J. B. Covden. lots 22,
23. 32 and 33 in block 14, Flint Tract Home
stead Association; $10.
Alfred Crldge to James G. Ma,'u ; re, lot 34,
block 12, University Mound Survey Homestead;
$10.
San Francisco Land Company to Hermin*
Wlebcke. lot on W line of Eighth avenue. 273
N of California street. N 25 by VV 120; $1000.
Ivan Treadwell to Hans Hrnnln-rsen. lot on
NW line of Minna street, 67:6 J1W of Mary,
SW 40 by NW 80; $10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to John
Coop, lot on S line of Sutter street. 137:6 E of
Hyde, E 60 by S 137:6: also lot on N line of
Post street. 137:6 E of Hyde, E 26 9 by N 137:6;
$40,000.
W. W. and Emma L. Wilson t> Dalstbel E.
Wilson, lot on W line of Codmai place, 117:4
S of Washington street. S 20 by W 60; 110.
Angelo and Benedetta Chiesa to Giuseppe
Brusco undivided one-half of lot on E line of
Montgomery street. 37:11% S of Vidlejo. S 30:9%
by E 57:5; $10.
Julius S. and Minnie Godeau t? P. A. Ber
gerot. undivided one-half of lot on S line nf
Filbert street. 137:6 E of Kearny E 3:6. 3 60,
E 24. S 77:6. W 37:6, N 137:8: $10
Teresa Bocca (widow) to. Antoilo and Vln
cenzo Bocca, lot on BE corner 01 Dupont and
Hlnckley streets. S 40 by E 62:6; M0 and gift.
Attiglio (or Attlllo) and Emilia O. Agostini
to David A. and Mary Lambert, lot on N\V
line of San Jose avenue, 82:2% SW of Day
street. SW 2S:10V4. W 91:6%, N 23. E 101.3%; |Sk
Hiram He&ton to Ellen M. Heuton (wife of
H.), property described In 1295 ]>. 303 should
be 1295 D. 313. made by Thomas P. Stoney to
Ellen M. Heaton (20-64), Bessie C. Frederick
H. and Sydney R. Marvin, Ellen 11. Gibson
(11-64 each). June 8, 1SSS; also lot on N line
of California street, 70 W of Drumm, W 67:8
by N 91:8; also lot on NW cornet of Clay and
Front streets. N 61 by W 107:6; also lot on
SW corner of Clay and Front streets. \V 60
by S 69:6; also lot on NW corner (if Pacific and
Davis streeta, W 91:3 by N 137:6; also lot on
NW corner of Jackson and Davis streets, N
60 by W 69; also lot on W lins of Drumm
street. 91:8 N of California, N 45:10 by W 137 :B;
also lot 5, block 13, West End Map No. A
quitclaim deed: $— .
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson 10 Cnarles A.
Stafford, lot on E Una of Hartfonl street. 1J5:4
N of Eighteenth. N 25 by E 125; $10.
Alexander R. Asher to Sarah E. and May
E. 'Asher, lot on E line of Fair Oaks street.
244 N of Twenty- fourth. N 32, E MS:10, SW 33.
W to beginning; also lot on E line of King
ston street, 375 S of Berkshire. S 25 by E luo;
gift.
George A. Dabovlch to N. S. Martlnovlch.
lot on S line of Turk street. S 80 degrees a
minutes. W 222 from Parker ave:iue, S 80 de
grees 45 minutes, W 173, S 90 de trees 15 min
utes. £ 305:7, N 47 degrees 13 minutes, E 53:8V«.
N 80 degrees 45 minutes, E 130:1^. N 276 to
beginning; also lot* 7S7 to 796. £2} to 933, Gilt
Map 2; also property in San Berna.dlno County;
grant.
Dwlght and Shirley P. Edwards to J. I*
Baar, lot on N line of Twenty-i econd street.
55 W of Noe. W 23 by N 101:8; $10
Sarah Magnes (widow) to Wiliielm Freund.
lot on W line of Plerca street. SilNot Turk.
N 25 by W 37:8; $10.
Stephen A. and Mary L. Horn to Nets and
Ida C. Johnson, lot on 8 lino of Union street,
93:9 W of Flllmore, W 23 by S 11!:«; $10.
Savings and Loan Society to diaries Levts,
lot on N Una of Ellis street. 20 w of Buchanan,
W 40 by N 73. quitclaim deed: $1
Eugene J, 11. Stoup* to Jean II. Stoup*. lot
on h Una of Clay street, 100 W of Larktn.
W 31:9 by a 128; also all latoieat In estata
Zo* Stoup*; gift.
r.EAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
LONDON. Sept. 26.— Anaconda. 7U: Atchlson,
76%; Canadian Pacific, 112«4 : Denver and Rio
Grande, 46U: Denver and Rio Grande^ pre
ferred, 9-H4; Northern Pacific preferred, 98;
Southern Pacific, 57^4; Union Pacific preferred,
90. Bar silver, steady, 27%d per ounce. Money,
1- per cent.
CLOSING,
The stock market to-day was a narrow and
sensitive one, governed by apprehension over
the copper mystery. The metal opened at°64.
fell to 60% and closed at 62. Copper stocks
followed buIi. American stocks followed the
course of copper. They opened very weak, a
full»polnt under parity and were steady, but
idle, until New York came as a buyer, par
ticularly on Atchlson. Then prices seesawe 1
Idly. London was little Interested but the
provinces sold. Call rates ran up to 1% and
the markets borrowed largely from the bank.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram sajs:
London Market.
VtVln Sn 1 Tprra '- M PKrra Nevada It
I' 0 ™ 8 Jver 180 Small Hopes 40
}li'",J V 'L M Standard 8 25
L>eadvllle Con 06
liOSTON STOCKS AND UONDS.
_ Money— vVeit Knd 94
rail lonns 4^0 W>Htlns;hoii«e Kl... 70
bV* ' o<4 "" B«j(t Mining Shares— •
Mocka— Adventure ..1 23»4
American Sugar.. .122% Itlngham.Min Co.. 32V?
Am Telephone 163 Amnlg c'opper 82*4
loKton & Albany ;.2S6 Atlantic 83V4
MoMon Llevated...l70 Cnlumet & Hecla..650 •
HoBton & Maine.. .192 Centennial 20%
Dominion coal .... 44 Franklin l6Vi
Dom con pfd US Humboldt 40
Y, I glee 45% Osceola 9SV4
U S Steel pfd 92% Qulncy ........160
"en Electric 256V» Santa Fa Copper... 5
Kd Klec III ...250 Tamarack 2D5
v? ex , lca , n Cental... 23V4 Utah Mining 24
N L, Gas & Coke.. 6 Winona 2>4
O d Colony 206% Wolverines 59
Old Dominion .... 28^4
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
LONDON, Sept. 26.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales \ to-day numbered 15,422
bales. Competition was brisk and prices were
firm. American competition was increased
and added to the hardness of rates. Several
good parcels of Merino were taken for Amer
ica. Cape of Good Hope and Natal sold well
to- the home and German buyers at a further
advance.
London Wool Sales.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— Cotton futures closed
steady, 4@11 points higher, i •
Nezu York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Bept. 28— Again there wm a
decided drop In the price of copper at ten
don, while the local market remained feature
less. The market was weak abroad, under
liberal offerings prompted by reports of heavy
stocks and a lack- of bull support. Tho close
was weak at £61 18s 9d for spot and £62 Ss
for futures. Tin, after opening weak under
liquidation at New York, turned around and
became firm on good buying orders, tho close
being firm at $25 for spot. At London, how
ever, tho market was unchanged, spot quoted
at £112 15s. Ed and futures at £110 15s. Lead
and spelter were unchanged, both here and
abroad. Domestic '-on markets were dull and
nominally unchanged.
Nnv York Metal Market.
HOriH— Horelpta, 7200. .Market l&V.ia lower.
MRht and lijarht mixed. It AOfrd 00 ; medium nnd
heavy. $6 MffJ'7 OS; pigs. $Sffl(l M; bulk. $« W6 00.
HIlKRP-necelpts, 1R00. Active, stendy to
strong. Top Utah wethers. $3 35.
RT. JOSEPH, Mo., Kept. 28.-CATTLR-R««
eelpts, 2100; dull; steady to 'weak. Natives.
$9 M.W8 30; Texna ajvl Westerns, ,$2 754W«;
eown nnd helfern, $1 2.'>*T3: bulls and stags, $2 IS
«T4 85; atockcrw. nnd feeders, $! 7ntf4 25; ytut'
llnun nnd calves. $2WS 75; veala. $3ffH.
ST. JOSKPH
$3 eo©4; .fair tn choice mtxcd, - $3 35<ff3 60; Weat
em sheep, $:i sr,®3 ss; nntivn lambx, liC'S; West
ern lambs. , $3 7MJ4 75, . . ¦ • '
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, I<ff2c; String
Beans, 1%@2%c; Limas, 2@3c; Cabbage, 40®
60c per ctl; Tomatoes from the river, 12%@25c;
from Alameda, 20@35c; Dried Peppers. 10@12V4c;
Green Okra, 25@40c per box; Carrots, 25?fl35c per
sack; Cucumbers, 20@35c; Pickles, 1%@1%c per
lb for small and %&lc for large; Garlic, 2©3c;
Green Peppers. 25@40c per box for Chile and 250
40o for Bell; Egg Plant, 25@40c.per box; Green
Corn, 50@85c per sack; Alameda, 75c©$l per
crate; Berkeley, 75@85c; Summer Squash, large
boxes, 20@40c; new Marrowfat Squash, $8@10
per ton; Hubbard Squash, $10.
POTATOES— 90c® $1 In sacks for Burbanki
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 25«1 45;
Sweets. 60c@$l for Rivers and $1 for Merced.
ONIONS— $1®1 20 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60®
75o oer ctl.
Tomatoes glut the market, and there are also
excessive supplies of Peppers, Sauash and Egg
Plant offering at low prices.!
Receipts of Potatoes were over 7000 sacks, and
the market declined. Three cars of. Merced
Sweets sold off well at $1, and river Sweets
were also higher. There was likewise an ad
vnnce in Onions. In the Mm column wilt be
seen a comparative statement of prices for Po
tatoes and Vegetables at Chicago this, year
and last.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
•JlUKJ > I'HAH-NIIpb, $1 65 per ctl
NKKl is-.iirown Mustard, $3 15; Vellow Mus
turd. $3 1CdZ3 25;, Flax, $2 !G©2 50!' Canary, 3', if
34o for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Ilape, i;;^
2Hc; Hemp, 3^o per lb.
IIKANS-Bayoa, $2 4O®2 73; Bmnll White, I4H 1
4 to; Lnrgo White. $2 40<j$2 75; Tea. $4 21; 1'lnk.
$2 40(Q2 65; IU>d, $3«T3 23; Htncktya. Mr.iv u :ir,0;
LlniHN. nominal; Uni Kidney, (UH'iM par ctl.
— —
Bean* continue unsettled, with frr<ju»nt fluct
uations. Th" gcnornl ton« In waaU. Stocks of
old nr« llRht, but new arc now coming In right
alone.
Beans and Seeds.
©7; Volunteer. $5©7; Stock, $506 per ton,
STIlAW-25C4SViO psr.bale.
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.10c: Pow
dered. 4.93c; Candy Granulated, 4.95c; Dry
Granulated, 4.85c; Confectioners* A. 4.85c; Fruit
Granulated. 4.85c; Beet Granulated. 4.75c; Mag
nolia A. 4.45c; Extra C, 4.35c; Golden C. 4.25c;
barrels, 10c more; half- barrels, 25c more; boxes.
50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Doml
nos. half-barrels, 5.35c; boxes. 5.60c per lb.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; IV.irl OH, In case*. 19o; Astral, 19c: Star,
19c; Extra star, 23c; Elaine, Me; Eocene, 21a:
deodorized stove Oasollne, In bulk. 15c: in cases.
21c; Benzine, In bulk. ,11c; In cases, 20c; 86-de
gre« Gasoline, in bulk 20c; in cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon In casei and
52o In drums and iron barrels.
8UOAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cas«s, No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
74e; niw, 72c; cases, to more; Lucol, 64o for
boiled and 62o for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. lOc: cases, 8Sc;
China Nut, S3<gi72c per gallon ; pure Neaufoot
in barreU, 67V4e; out*, fiftc; Sperm, pure, 63c;
uhnle OH, natural white, 40©43c p«tr gallon;
Fifth Oil. In barrels. 37Hc; cases, 424c
on.MN BAC1R— Culcutta drain Oaci, 7H«f
7Hci local maj<», Ho lets than Calculus; Wool
Bags, S2'©S3ej Fleec* Twine. 7V4«tfllo; Fruit
iumn Mi'iirfVif for cotton and 707ftu :for juta.
COA1#— Wellington, $9 p«r ton; bouthriald
Wi'llltiKtnii, t'j; gruttte, 17; Hry.iiH, II £0; Com
H.iy, IS £0; WullnTnt. ID; Co-uperatlvt U'hIIs
oiiiI. Ju: Cumberland, $12 60 In bulk ind $13 74
In iiAckf: Pennsylvania Anthrnclta Kmt, tit;
t'uniit'l, $10 per ton: Coke, $15 par ton in bulk
and $17 in iiacki; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
13 H vet 2000 lbs and IS CO per toil, according to
brand.
General Merchandise.
per cent off; boars, M par cant eft and stags 40
par cent off fruin tha above quotations; dressed
Hog*. 7V»t;9Vio. ¦ - ¦ ¦ • - ¦
TH.K SA.N FKAJN'UIKCU CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1901.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000. -Steady. Lambs,
strong to 10c higher; Good to choice wethers.
HOGS-rReceiptH td-day, 24,000; to-morrow 21 -
000; left over, 4000. Steady. to 5c lower. Mixed
and butchers, $6 70@7 10; good to choice heavy
$6 80(9)7 20; rough heavy, $6 40ifl>6 75;' light $6 45
©6 95; bulk of sales, $8 65<g>6 95/ , . /¦•,*< , ...
CHICAGO, Sept. 26.— CATTLE— Receipts,' 12,
500. Dull and 2V4@5c lower than Monday. Good
to prime, steers, $6<ff6 45; poor to medium, $40
5 73; Btockers and feeders, $2 25©4 30; cows
and heifers, $1 B0@4 75; canners, $1 5o@2 30
bulls, $1 75@4 75; calves, $3@6 50; Texas steers'
$3@4; Western steers. $3 Co® 5 25 . '
Eastern Livestock Market.
Nczv York Stock Market.
SEW YORK, Sept. 26.— The ton* of to-day's
rtock market showed growing Improvement
over that of yesterday. There wais rpp.«Jd
*>rable evidence of realizing still, which i*r
risted after the opening dip and showed a
tendency to recur from time to time, but
support was forthcoming on every d eel in- an.l
bcfc-M the day onded the lx»arB were generally
disposed to cover their short lines, causing
practical])' a complete recovers- of all losses.
Not a few stocks showed decided net gain*.
Including Amalgamated Copj>er, Anaconda, the
VaMerblH*. Pennsylvania. Baltimore and
Ohio. ft. Paul. Chicago. Gn-at Western, Man
hattan and People'* Gi«. . The opening lofFes
were due to the demoralizing effect upon cop
f«T mining shares in the foreign market* of
v-t break in Amalgamated. The copper mar-
EASTERN MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL. ¦
Wheat— ¦ ~ Dec Marrh
Opening 57% #69*'
Closing 6 7% . 5 9
PARIS.
Wheat— • Sept. * Jan. -Apr.
Opening ..2120 22 20
Closing 2105 22 05 ' '
Flour-
Opening 27 40 28 30 .
Closing ...27 30 28 15
Foreign Futures.
10
&* Auction Sale of Horses. £&
SO head Inyo Co. Horiea. trotting bred, »ir*i
by tona of "Gibraltar." 3:23. Urandsona of
"Nutwood," I:M, and ''Oeneral D«nton." All
wall broke., young, sound and got A ttse. 8om«
»xtra promising for road or tra>:k. Bom* all
purposes. Consignment of K. W. tteott.
Bal* taJiea place TUESDAY. Oct. 1. at 11 a. m.
J. M. NELSON'S STABLES. ALAMEDA.
Cor. St. Charles St. and Ei*l« Ave.
AUCTION SALESLIMA. Ohio, Sept. 26.— Frank Hague, an
aeronaut, was drowned in the city water
works reservoir to-day. Hague was In
a parachute and balloon race with C. II.
Hawley and about 1200 feet -In the air
when they cut loose.. Hague landed in
the middle of tho blj? reservoir and was
drowned by becoming entangled in the
parachute. Hawley landed safely.
An Aeronaut Drowned.
• The Registrar's office will remain open
until October 10 from 8:30 a. m. to 5 p. m.
ami 7:30 to 9:30 p. m. for those who have
been registered since 1300 and have
changed their residence subsequently.
The time for new registration expires on
Wednesday, October 23.
Changes of Residence.
Agob Remzy, an Armenian lawyer r.ho
seems to possess great learning and
speaks several modern languages, was
committed to the State Hospital for il;e
Insane at Stockton yesterday. Remzy
thinks he is possessed of divine power
and tried to walk on the waters of the
bay. ,
Tries to "Walk on Water.
A numerously signed protest was filed
with the Board of Supervisors yesterday
against the emptying of the sewage of the
City and County Hospital into the flat
between Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth
streets. It is claimed that the pond so
formed Is a breeding place for germ? of
disease. A similar protest was filed with
the Health Board, which is asked to abate
the nuisance.
Object to Hospital Sewage.
Th«j gr*>at#«r pnrt of yesterday's nestlor.
of the United htutcs District Court wai
taken tip with the croa»w»xamlnatlon rl'
Daniel T. Ames, employed by the Govern
ment to a»nlst In the prosecution of John
M. Neall. cx-captnlri of Troop D. Fourtn
United Sttttcs Cavalry, on tho charge ol
embezzling JIM nnd of forging the name
of P. M. Coxe. colonel and paymaster.
Ames showed the court and Jury an en
larged photograph of the alleged forged
signature of Colonel Coxe. and said it wn*
his opinion It hud been written slowly and
laboriously, as though from a copy. Pay
master Coxe was recalled and gave fur
ther testimony, but nothing of any im
portance was elicited.
Thomas P. Burns, cashier of the United
States sub-treasury, testified that in his
opinion the signature of Colonel Coxe waa
a forgery.
This closed the case for the prosecution,
and an adjournment was had until this
morning at 11 o'clock. ¦ -. -
Ncnll Clooo Their Case Agninot
Him.
Prosecutors of Ex-Captain John Z/l
AMES SAYS SIGNATURE
OF COXE WAS FORGED
Tho chorus was effective and the cos
tuming very artistic, whlto the" orchestra
under tho direction of II. Beekamp rt'i*
dereil tho music of the comic opera iu
faultier* ptyle.
The offlcerB of tho Past Pupil*' Ananet.i.
tlMi are; Mm. C. A. Stuart, prealden?;
Mi*8. H. CnlliiBher, Vice president; Mlfl
M. Olynn. treasurer and Mm. J, M, Mai*
Ion, secretory.
The benefit performance given la.»t
evening in aid of the Presentation Con
vent attracted a large audience to Native
Sors' Hall, where a most enjoyable ren
dition of "The Pirates of Penzance" waa
given.
The comic opera was under the dlrectloi
of the Past Pupils' Association arid ths
entire performance was carried througii
in a manner that reflected tho greatest
credit on all who participated.
The principal characters were playeil
by Krt McOinty, M. Donegan, A. Nowlan,
F. \V. Huber, C. Kendrlck, Mrs. KiJ
Hurna, Mrs. E, II. Kast, Jllsa R. Van Co?
Naillen. MIhs L. Beretta and Mrs. J. J.
Bruaher.
Large Audience to Native
Sons' Hall.
Past Pupils' Association Attracts a
GIVE BENEFIT PERFORMANCE
FOR PRESENTATION CONVENT
SANTA ANA. Sept. 26.— X. H. Leonari.
who was recently knocked down In thl3
city for expressing a disrespectful ut
terance of President JVIcKinfey, to-dny
made a public apology through the press
for his utterance, which he says 13 mace
In justice to himself as well as to tt 3
elny and his neighborhood. •
Apologizes for His Disrespect.
Captain Jahnsen was discussing th»
Buftalo tragedy with a friend. Ha summed
up his opinion of Czolgoss and his kind
it true sallorman fashion. The words
were hardly out of his mouth when Lind.
who is a stranger to the captain, grabbed
him by the throat and, declaring himself
an anarchist, tried to strangle the patri
otic mariner. Jahnsen shook himself clear
of his assailant, braced himself and struck
Lind a blow which dropped him to ths
ground with considerable violence.
Policeman Edner arrested Lind before
JEihnscn could do him further harm.
Lind's injuries were attended to at tio
Harbor Hospital. He waa later locked up.
At the Harbor police station Lind avowed
his allegiance to the'red flag, but said ho
mid never before made an open declan
tion. because he did not think the a >-
archists were sufficiently strong to war
rant it.
Captain Edward Jahnsen of 1661 UnC3ln
street. "U'rst Oakland, and master of v.he
ptoamship San Pedro, was last night at
tacked ?.t the ferry depot for expressing
his regret at the assassination of Presi
dent McKlnley. His assailant, who later
gave the name of John Olaf Llnd and said
he was a shoemaker, residing: at Berl:e
ley, was arrested and locked up at 1he
Harbor police station, charged with but
tery.
John Lind, Who Upholds
Czolgosz, Is Promptly
Punished
Avowed Follower of Rod
Flag Punched by Cap
tain Jahnsen.
MARINER KNOCKS
ANARCHIST DOWN
VISALIA, Hi«pt, 28.— Postmaster Goorso
I'. IJcalos to-dny received a teh'»cram from
Kim Assistant Postmaster W. M. John
son announcing that free delivery of
mull* will bn inaugurate! In Vlsnlla Jnnu
iiry 1. liX)2. ThlM is ffood wwu to the poo
pin of this city and la received with grout
satisfaction.
Free Mall Delivery in Visalia.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Bept. 26.— George Mc-
Donald was to-day held to the Grand Jury
for tho killing of K. D. Gardner, an em
ploye of HlnRllng'M circus, on lost Tues
day. I>uo EwIiik and William Numbcrn
ii Iho T,f re arrested for the «amo crime and
charged with murder*.
Accused of Killing Circus Man.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 20.— Assistant Sec
retary to the President Uarnes having re
quested a transfer to a responsible po«l«
tlon In one of tho cxecutlvo departments,
It Is understood that his appointment will
Bhortly be announced.
William Loob Jr., who recently hat been
President Ilocsuvelt's private secretary,
has b< in appointed to tho position of as
sistant secretary^ , .'
Private Secretary Loeb Is Placed.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.— A call has
been Issued for a formal meeting In
Washington on October 1 of the delegates
of the United States and thoso from the
Central and South American republics to
the approaching congress of American re
publics at tho City of Mexico. They will
then receive their Instructions from Pres
ident ItooBttvelt, leaving for the Mexican
republic on a special train on October 12.
Progress of American Republics.
SEATTLE, Sept. 26.— A' special dispatch
from Dawson, Y. T., says: Joseph Lan
caster, a prominent Dawson merchant,
who disappeared from the Hotel Butler,
Seattle, in August of last year, is alive
In Colorado. 'He arrived at the home of
his sister in Denver broken down in
health, and scarcely recognizable. His
brother, P. L. Lancaster, who is here ad
justing the estate, just got the news by
letter and leaves for Colorado to-day.
Missing Dawson Merchant Located.
PASO ROBLES. Sept. 20.— The Sixteenth
District Agricultural Fair opened in this
city to-day in a large canvas pavilion
erected in the park. The exhibits com
prise products of the county of San Luis
Oblspo and also livestock. A. Brendlin
Is the general manager and has made the
fair a success. Dr. J. H. Glass is presi
dent and S. D. Merk secretary of the fair
association.
Hare Exhibits at Paso Hobles.
Tax on Export Prairie Hay.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 26.-The Attorney
General has rendered', an opinion to the
Interior Department sustaining the
authority of the Cherokee Indian nation
to levy a tax of 20 cents per ton on prairie
hay shipped out of the nation.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 26.— Papers were
filed to-day in the Probate Court on the
estate of Mrs. A. G. Lankershim. The
appraised value of the estate is $1,187,
773 42 and it is the largest estate ever ad
mitted to probate in this county. It con
sists of large holdings of real estate in
L03 Angeles and Merced counties, promis
sory notes, bonds, mortgages, stock,
jewelry and various large sums of money
on deposit in San Francisco and Los An
geles banks.
Large Estate in Probate Court.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.-The Treasury
department to-day purchased a total of
*i25.710 in bonds. . divided as follows:
Threes of 1908. $18,0(30; fours t>f 1307. $575,
€50; fours of 1925. $33,000. The last were
bought for 51 40 and the other lots at the
rate of *1 26. ¦¦' ¦'.
Treasury Buys Bonds.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 26.-The War De
partment is investigating stories that
have reached Washington to the effect
that there is dagger of much Buffering at
Cape Nome unless steps are taken at once
to relieve destitute members of the min
ing community. The department has is
sued instructions that the transport Bg
bert be put in readiness for immediate
service, but sailing orders are withheld
until the officials can satisfy themselves
that the Government is not being, imposed
on in the matter-
Transport Egbert May Cro to Nome.
WASHINGTON, Sopt. 26.— In reply to an
Inquiry' from the Collector of Customs at
Ran Francisco, Acting Secretary Bpauld
lng ha« held th&t drawback cannot be al
lowed on goods shipped to the Philippines.
He invites the attention of the Collector
to the department'* decision of August 7,
1901. wherein if. is held that merchandise
can not be exported to the island of
Guam with benefit of drawback. Inasmuch
bs that island is within the Jurisdiction
of the United States. He says for the
reasons set forth therein no drawback
can be allowed. on shipments to the Phil
ippines. In order to be entitled to draw
backs the shipments must be made to
countries without the Jurisdiction of the
"United States. ••:
Attention to a Recent Treas
ury Decision.
Acting Secretary Spaulding Draws
NO DRAWBACK ALLOWED
ON PHILIPPINE SHIPMENTS
WASHINGTON. Sept. 21— The com
plaint of th«« natives of Tutulla transmit
ted to the Navy Department by Lieuten
ant Dorn has ben adjusted. It appears
that Captain Tlllcy. being short ol cash.
was obliged to t;lve personal notes in puy
ment for the lands and arms of the na
tives taken under the treaty. By drawing
upon the emergency fund for $.1000, the ap
praised value of the arms taken from the
natives, his account has been settled, and
arrangements have been made for secur
ing the money necessary to pay for the
lands, subject to the approval of Congress
at the next session.
Complaint of Native* Adjusted.
VICTORIA. B. C. Sept. 26,-When the
inquiry into the Islander wreck was re
sumed to-day Ii. Puddicombe of Tacoma,
a passenger, stated that from the appear
ance of the pilot he had formed the
impression that he was under the influ
ence of liquor.
Chief Officer Neroutsos was put through
a strong examination by Mr. Bodwell for
the Attorney General's department. Ho
denied that Captain Leblanc, the pilot,
was intoxicated. He was with him on the
bridge from 7:45 p. in. to 8:15. The steam
er Karallon passed, and the witness asked
If he should blow the passing whistle, the
pilot replying, "Oh, no: she'll clear." The
witness thougMt the steamer was going u
little close. There was nothing to give
the witness the impression that the pilot's
condition was such as to make him reck-
Iish. He naid he certainly was not un
der the influence of liquor.
The second officer, who had bren on the
bridge with the. pilot, nwore that the pilot
lmd not been drinking; at \r&»t he could
not notice liquor on htm. Tho evidence
of the bart^ndfr was to the effect that
the captain had but on«* drink at the bar
on th«» night cf the accident. Two bottlCD
of flcntch whisky w<*nt to the saloon for
a party of about u dozen. Including th«
captafn. who wan xltllnir there. He saw
the steward < ;i IHhk the na«»enger» by
knocking ut th?lr door*.
Disaster.
quiry Into Cause of the Islander
Conflicting Statements Made at In-
PASSENGEB DECLAItES
THE PILOT WAS DRUNK
Simultaneously comes the announce
raent that one of the largest plate mills
in Darlington has reduced wages TV^ per
cent because of the lower price of plates,
making a total reduction of 20 per cent
since January ?.
Lawrence drew a contrast between
freight rate charges in Great Britain and
thj United States, quoting President Hill,
and warned his hearers iliat British rates
must come to a mere reasonable basis
if the British hoped to meet American
competition. He then pointed out that
it would be also necessary to resort to
cheaper ores, l^awrerice announced that,
as a result of sc-voral years' study of
these problems and consultation, regurd
ing them, he and Thomas Edson would
shortly begin business in Norway- with
the idea cf supplying cheaper ores to
Great Britain.
He told his audience that Charles M.
Schwab assured him the steel trust could
deliver steel billets in England for $16 50
por ton, whereas the lowest price for
which British manufacturers could make
them was $lii. Schwab also asserted that
whon the trust had completed certain
ocean transportation arrangements now
pending the American price would be still
iower. In addition to this statement
Schwab called the attention of Lawrence
to the fact that his steel workers got
double the wages paid British workmen
in the same line.
LONDON. Sept. 2<5.— Joseph I,awr«*nee,
member of Parliament for the Monnouth
Dlftrict. who recently returned from the
L'nited States, addressing the Newport
Chamber of Commerce to-day, made the
most interesting and compreher aive
statement on the causes of American
superiority in the :,tccl trade which has
yet been provided for the alarmed Brit
ish public and business circles.
W3LJ.EMSTADT. Island of Curacao.
Sept. 26.— The Venezuelan gunboat Resr.i
raflor, formerly the Amprican yacht Ata
ianta. arrived here last night, coaled anU
returned to Maracaibo to-day.
An emissary to President Castro from a
Venezuelan official at Maraeaibo pa*s«l
through here yesterday and is due at
Caracas to-ni&ht. The emissary Is
charged to persuade President Castro to
Thw l n f J om , taking aggressive action en
the frontier but to hold the troops on the
. eneruelan tide ready to repel a Colcm
inan advance should any be made.
It is reported that Venezuela is recruit
ing in the State of CaraDobo and the
Venezuelan authorities intend sending SW0
inen with arms and ammunition to guard
the frontier on the Guajira Peninsula.
J-urther details from Colombian sources
the Gaujira regiments are to
the effect that the battalion of Venezue
lan troops, forced to fight ajrainst their
will, deserted from the Venezuelans to tho
Colombians during the fight at Corozui
bepternber 14, and began fighting on tho
tide of the Colombian?. The official also
t-ays that Colombia had 1203 men in tho
ouajira engagements. Reports receive 1
nere say that 3<>0 Venezuelans and four
cannon were captured and titXi men wew
killed or wounded or are missing. It is
said idao that a brother of President Cas
tro ¦was wounded.
COLON. Sept. 25.-Panama for a week
cr more has been terribly unsettled, ow
ing to apparently well founded reports
that a.n expedition numbering between loll
.and 2i« men under Qeneral L>omingo Diaz
which sailed from Corinto. Nicaragua.
two weeks as;o. effected a safe landing at
a place called Chame. fifty miles south
of Panama. Chame offers splendid facil
ities for resisting attack, and the expedi
tion la said to be well armed and equipped
and to be in possession of modern guns.
General Diaz, whose son played a prom
inent part in last year's battle at Pan
ama, is a Colombian and a large cattle
owner. ¦ .
It is supposed that the troops under Vic
toriatiO Ivorenzo, which were recently in
the vicinity of Panama, have effected a
junction with General Patino's troops
and are now near Chorrera, only one day's
journey from Panama. Presumably they
are awaiting union with the Nicaraguan
contingent under Oeneral Diaz in order to
make a. combined assault upon Panama.
The Government has dispatched 203
troops to Matachin Station, the nearest
point on the railroad leading to Chorrera
Fully alive to the fact that Venezuela.
Ecuador and Nicaragua are openly aiding
the literal or insurgent cause, the Colom
bian puthorities are making strenuous ef
forts to .maintain sovereignty by large
r mponatiens of rifles, guns and ammuni
tion. They have also purchatr-d in Europe
two additional war vessels. The State of
Antioc.uin, always patriotically conserva
tive and loyal, has offered to supply 17.000
men in case of an emergency. Other
Htateg will doubtless follow this example.
The recent decree of the Mayor of Pun
erna cnfor<Mne military conscription ha«
met with little success. Three hundred
persons of th** prVneriUed age. but having
insurgent eyrn pat hies, arc- reported ml*»
lnB. and the assumption is that they have
Joined the liberals.
Thft forrign warship* now nt Panama
«r#> the, Iowa, representing th«» ITnlted
fitate*; th«, «loop Icarun, r*»pr«»«cnt!nir
Great Britain, and the ureond claim
cruller ProtPt. Tcpretwnllnn France. At
Toinn aro.thp Knifed gt»te* cunboat
Alachi&s and U»» Kr<-nr|i crulner Suclu-i.
Panama Terribly Unsettled
and in Danger of Com
bined Attack.
Schwab Declares That Our
Prices Will Soon Be
Lower.
Impressed Venezuelans
Join the Colombians
at Corozua.
Superiority of American
Steel Trade Is Ex
plained.
TROOPS DESERT
DURING A FIGHT
BRITONS HEAR
DISMAL NEWS
OAKLAND, Sept., 26.— Funeral Korvlco*
wero hnld ¦ this nftqrnoon at Brown'n
undertaking parlors for iho lato Mrs.
Martha K. Schattb. nev. M. M. Baker,
Pii hi nr of, thn J'lm Presbyterian Church,
nfilclniiMi. Thn interment was in Moun
tain view Cemetery. ,
Mrs. Bchaub's Funeral.
, nKIlKKLEY, Sopt. 28.-A Coroner's
Jury, In the case of C. O, Kostnr, who was
found dead at tho run r nt tho California
Hotel lust Sunday, i returned n verdict of
aecldontul death last night. According to
testimony Foster foil from 'a rrar stair
way to a cemonf pavtimont below and
fractured his skull.
Foster's Death Accidental.
Damages Asked for Child's Injuries.
OAKLAND, Sept. 2G.-J. J. Manning,
(sum illnti of Fred Manning,' a 4*year-old
boy, began suit to-day against tint South
ern Pacific Company for #0,000 for inju
ries suHtulnori through tlio alleged care
lessness of die titifHuin tits a year uffo.
Tim child; wus knocked off u . enr bumper
nt First ami Market strents und run over
by tho car, ono of his lees being severed.
BERKELEY, Sept. f6.-E. P.' Dole,
former Attorney General of the Hawaiian
Jslands, wlil'speuk to-morrow morning in
Harmon Uymnnslum beforo the studontH
of tho University of California. Rnv.
Father Minium of thn Catholic Truth Un.
cloty, who was to deliver an address, will
not be ablo to bo present; Protestor
Charles Mills Oayloy will also speak.
E. P. Bole to Speak.
OAKLAND, Sept. 20.— Judge Hall
granted a divorce to Effle May Thomas
to-day from R. P. Thomas, on the ground
of desertion, tho husband liuving left the
State. ..She Is awarded the custody of a
child. A default was entered against
Mary Agnes Ury for falling to answer the
suit of her husband, Isaac Ti. Ury, who
neks for a divorce ort the ground of de
sertion. Thomas Duncan has been cited
to appear beforo Judge ICUsworth, and
show ciiiiho why ho should not be pun
ished for contempt for neglecting 1 to pay
his wife alimony,.
Oakland Divorce Oases.
OAKLAND, Sept. 26.-Pollco Captain W.
J. Peterson used his llstB last night with
Jcffrlcallke precision on four brawlers at
the corner of Thirteenth street and Broad-,
way. When tho cuptuln ceased swinging
his heavy lefts and rlghtn threo of tho
battered disturber* were wildly making
for u pluce of rcfugo and the fourth wait
stretched on the macadam, oblivious to
tho noisy world. Captuln Peterson alight
ed from a cor at Thirteenth Htrcot und
iiroadwuy, intending to walk from there
to tho «5lty Prison, His Attention was
attracted by tho uproar creatc?d by four
young ffllowH. who wcro qunrrftllnk over
two young women who wero waiting on
tho opposite corner. When tho ofilcer en
deavored to i|iil<n the noisy rowdUui he
was set upon, but with thn odds ol four
to one uifulnit him Peterson proved.him
self tho master of the mix-up,
V. -Ti Carroll w«» tho young man who
could not got away from Petersftn'B blows,
Ho was nrri'Hifd and to-day pleaded guilty
dt disturbing thft poroo nnd waa flned $10
by Pollen Judge Smith,
CAPTAIN PETERSEN
QUIETS FOUR ROWDIES
ALAMEDA, Bept. 28,-Clty Electrician
O. A. Wlcso takes exception fo the state
ments of former Collector T. h. Thomp
son that many houses connected with the
municipal electric light plant aro not
noted In tho records of tho department,
making it appear that Wleso is careless in
tho management of tho dflpurtment.
, Wlesft nays hlo books are all straight,
nnd that If anybody is to blumofor
"charity" consumers it Is Thompson, Ha
¦ays that the clubhouse Thompson speaks
of us sotting light free in run by Japannsa
and that ho told tho collector to rnnko
thorn pay In advaneo for tho light, but hii
orders were ,not oboyed.
ELECTRICIAN WIESE.SAYS
HIS BOOKS ABE STRAIGHT
BERKELEY, Sept. 26.-Tho sixteenth
annual convention of the Alameda County
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
opened its sessions this morning In the
First Baptist Church of this city.
Mrs, II, P. Van Kirk of Oakland con
ducted the opening dovotlonal exorcUes,
Mrs. J. II. Rhodes delivered an address
of welcome and was responded to by Mrs
Ida Jfimletion of Alameda. In tho aftor
noon Mrs. 1C. M. Prlddy of Abimeda led in
praitto bcrvlce. A report of tho Borkolrjy
Union probident, Mrs. J, 11. Rhodes, wo«
road, Mrs. II. McMath, tho county prcul
dent, recounted iho cffQctlvonesu of the
pust year's work. Mrs, William Keith «Je
llvnred un ufldross upon women and tho
ballot box, Tho Bcrtilon wtis closed by n
paper, "Sabbath nnd Home," road by
Mrs. h. H. Johnson. . y
Work for Cause of Temperance.
Says Kitchener Has Resigned.
LONDON, Sept. 27.— The Dally NewB
publishes an unconfirmed rumor that Lord
Kitchener has resigned the post of com
mander in chief in South Afrioa owing to
disagreements with Mr. Brodrick, the
War Secretary.
BERKELEY. 1 Sept. 26.-Presldent John
Brewer of the junior class of the univer
sity has appointed the following import
ant committees, to have charge of the
junior farce and dance:
Junior day— L. W. Symmes (chairman).
Miss Edna Wilde, Miss L. Graves, Miss
Ada Jenkins, Miss Mary Putnam, W. L,.
Flnley, B. S. Allen. S. B.' Wright, L. J.
Barker and L. H, Turner. Junior prom
enade—A. J. Woolcey (chairman). Mlsa
Gertrude Curtis, Miss Maude Schaeffor,
Miss Nellie Baldridge. Miss Annie Me-
Cleave, J. P. Edwards, 8. Smith, E. Sum
ner, E. O. Levey and E. Mini.
Junior Day Committees.
Early on Wednesday morning, just be
fore 2 .o'clock, as the steamer was run
ning down from the Queen Charlotte Isl
ands to the coast of the mainland, a per
fect rainbow was seen in the northwest.
The moon was out for a time while
the rainbow was observed, and later the
moon was obscured by clouds, but even
then; the colors of the rafnbow were clear
ly visible, and from the northeastern to
tho southwestern horizon the bow
stretched perfectly.
The captain, who was on watch at the
time, was the first to notice it, and he
immediately called Captain Gott, the fish
ery superintendent, and all the men, who
verify the statement of Freeman fully.
They say that at the time there waa a
heavy wind and sea coming in from the
west and that the water off toward the
mainland was very rough. Except when
the moon showed itself occasionally It
was very dark, and yet for three-quarters
of an hour the rainbow was perfectly
visible.' Finally it began to rain and the
peculiar rainbow was seen no more.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 26i-A curi
ous phenomenon was observed by Cap
tain Freeman and the crew of the halibut
steamer New England during the trip
that was completed to-day. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
It was sworn to by the German Consul
in Chicago, and places the amount of the
alleged fraudulent gains at about $15,000.
Besides this false entries are said to have
been found in the books of his concern
which may later prove to be big losses
for business houses in Prussia.
CHICAGO, Sept. 26.— With the dismissal
of the old complaint charging forgery of
stock certificates in Prussia, General Ter
linden, who is being held for extradition
proceedings, was free for a few moments
to-day. Before he could leave the court,
however, the defendant was re-arrested
on a new warrant based on evidence re
ceived recently from Berlin, and which Is
more explicit in its character of charges
than the former one.
There are six cases of smallpox in
Dawson, but all are confined to a light
type. There is little alarm. A woman
and child from Seattle are said to have
brought it in on the steamer. Yukoher,
which, with twenty-five other passengers,
brought them here. All were fumigated
and vaccinated at Dawson and allowed
to go. The ship was released with no
general quarantine.
Official advices have been received that
cold concessions do not close Bonanza,
Hunker and Bear creeks against location
by free miners. Concessionaries have an
equal right to relocate with others. There
la general rejoicing because the big rains
in the Klondike have resulted in a heavy
The fine weather is lasting exceptionally
long and there is no frost. Two hundred
miles of Government roads Into the
camps, costing 1200,000, were Hnlshed Mon
day. By winter the wire from Nome
will be completed to Tanana, leaving a
trap of only 600 miles to Kagle to com
plete the connection with .Seattle. The
work is rushing and it will be ilnUmed
next summer.
SEATTLE, Sept. 26.-The wire from
Dawson was opened last night. The last
link was completed on the summit of the
Naas Mountains, after a struggle of
weeks in cutting the right-of-way and
carrying up supplies in the heavy rains
and mud.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASO ROBLES, Sept. 26.— Oliver H.
Perry died at the residence qf his son, Or
rin H. Perry, in this city to-day. He was
born in Dublin, N. H.. June 19, 1821. -After
serving as lieutenant in the war with
Mexico he came to California in 1849,
where he located in Stockton until 1873.
Ho then moved to the Salinas Valley,
near Chualar. He' was one of the largest
farmers in the county and was well
known and respected. He leaves a wife
and three children, Mrs. G. J. Patton and
Oliver A. and Orrin H. Perry.
Oliver H. Perry.
Dismissal of One Com
plaint Against
Terlindon.
Strange Sight at Sea Off
Queen Charlotte
Islands. ,
New Telegraph Wire
Brings News of the
Disease.
BECOMES FREE
FOR A MINUTE
NIGHT RAINBOW
AMAZES SAILORS
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.-John Georgre
Nicolay, private secretary to President
Lincoln and widely known as the author
of several works on the life of. the great
war President, died to-day at his resi
dence here, a«ed 70 years. He had been
in feeble health for several years and
since his resignation as marshal of the
United States Supreme Court in 1S37 he
had been living quietly at his Washington
home with his daughter. Miss Helen Nico
lay, the only surviving member of the
family. A warm friendship existed be
tween President Lincoln and Nicolay. His
work that has attracted the most atten
tion is the history of Lincoln, which Nico
'lay collaborated with Colonel John Hay,
the present Secretary of State.
John George Nicolay.
WASHINGTON, Bept. 2C.-A utatement
prepared at tho Internal Revenue Bureau
shows that tho total receipts from the
war revenue net alone during the month
of August. 1901, were !3,499,27L
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Big Receipts From War Revenue Act.
WASHINGTON. Bept. 20.— The Mgnul
ofilco of the War Department now has di
rect teleffrnphlo communication with Fort
Kgbert, Alaska, Tho lino waa completed
on the 24th. ;
Telegraph Line to Fort Egbert.
LATE PRESIDENT McKINLEY'B POPULAR SECRETARY, NOW,SERV
ING IN A LIKE CAPACITY FOR PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT, AND
NEW YORKER WHO IS ASSISTANT SECRETARY.
WASHINGTON, Bept. 2C— "Labor Con
ditions in Germany" in tho subject of a
nmort to the State Department by Con
sul General Hughes at Ceburg. From in
formation In hitt poFtaesBlnn he nays there
is a scarcity of work In Germany. Short
houri, riiimlfifial of hand* and the cutting
down of wng«» are reported In the min
ing, iron working nnrt machine making
localities. The outlook, at least for the
ironworker!, i» gloomy.
Work Scarce In Germany.
LAPORTE, Ind., Sept. 26.-Caleb Har
vey, an old and wealthy resident of this
city, died here to-day as the direct re
sult of grieving over tlte assassination
and death of President McKlnley. The
physicians say that Harvey literally cried
himself to death, ae wept' for hours
continuously from the afternoon tho
President was Bhot, Buffering intensely.
The physicians consider the case without
precedent.
Fatal Grief Over Assassination.
liccn In Washington, And public officials
!¦ ml ilipl»miitH ullkfl would rejoice to hpo
him rccelvfl a well deserved advancement,
William Loeb Jr., President Roosevelt's
assistant secretary, Is a native of the Kni
piro Btate, having first sen the light of
day at Albany, October 9, 1866. He nad a,
common school education and then com
menced to study Hhorlliand. later filling
several commercial positions. In 188S ho
was elected official stenographer bf the
lower houso of tho New York Legislature,
and for several years thereafter he de
voted his time to legislative reporting.
In 1804 Mr. Loeb was a member of the
stenographic corp«( that reported the do
bates of the New York constitutional con
vention. During 1S93 and 1896 he acted aa
It can be safely said that In Secretary
Cortelyou and Assistant Secretary Loeb
the new head of the nation is exception
ally well fortified, and that their mani
fold duties will be performed with im
measurable satisfaction to the President
and credit to themselves.
stenographer to Lieutenant Governor Snx-'
ton, and occupied tho name position for
tJui Albany County Grand Jury in 1897
and 1898. The following year Mr. Loeb
became the confldentlnl stenographer to
tho new Governor of New York— Colonel
Theodore Roosevelt, then fresh from lilfl
memorable campaigning m the oppressed
island of Cuba, and on March 4 last ho re
rrlved tho appointment of secretary to the
Vico President.
DAWSON DEALS
WITH SMALLPOX
Prenldent Roosevelt is thoroughly cog
nizant of the valuable norvleeH that wore
rendered to his denrly beloved hihI hm!
vereally lamented predocMsor by Mr, Cor
tulyou, first as confidential clerk and then
as secretary, and If* lilniH.lf Already find.
Iiir in him a pillar of comfort uinl
strength that, from nil Inrtlcntlona, ho will
bo In no Immediate hurry to remove from
his official household, especially in view
of his popular declnratlon nt tho tlmo lie
took the outh of ofllee nt inilTnlo that ho
would follow absolutely tho' policy laid
down by tho Hlnln in;u;lxtnitr\ iiml his re
quest to tho members of the Cabinet to
retain their positions. Should he, how
ever, finally determine to make a change,
it is the general belief in Washington that
he will reward Secretary Cortelyou by
appointing him to u position of great im
portance—perhaps a mission to some for
eign country. Mr. Cortelyou has made
hosts of friends in all circles since he has
you, who served the late Presi
dent McKinley bo efficiently as secretary,
will not be disturbed In his present posi
tion, at least for some time, but if a
change is made, It is understood that it
will be for the betterment of Mr, Cortel
you. William Loeb Jr., who was eecro.
tary to Mr, Roosevelt before the visitation
of the national calamity, is now acting in
the capacity of assjutant secretary, and
in the event of Mr, Cortclyou'H rellnn,ul*h«
ment of hi* present position, he will hto»
Into tho lilac.' which has been bo ably
filled by Mr. Cortelyou nlnco the resigna
tion of J, Addlion Porter.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, Sept.
26.— President Roosevelt has an
nounced that George B. Cortol-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Sept. 2C— The ship Garonne,
which 'sailed last Friday for Nome, re
turned to- port to-day in a partially dis
abled condition. Three days out on her
voyage and when about 250 miles off Captj
Flattery tho Garonne's furnaces began
leaking. Captain Elwen, not deeming it
prudent to proceed, returned to port. Trie
vessel came back under her own steam.
Her officers believe that the necessary re
pairs can be made In time for the Garonna
to sail again Saturday.
Ship Garonne Beturns Disabled.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 26.—
At a meeting of the executive committee
last night Harry J. Edwards, 1901. was
elected treasurer of the Associated Stu
dents, to succeed John T. Nourse, re
signed. The faculty committee has
agreed to recognize the executive com
mittee action as legal if the student body
constitution be amended so as to give
the university president ultimate power
to remove a treasurer from office. Such
amendment will be voted on In a few
days.
Noursa's Successor Chosen.
CHICAGO, Sept. 26,-Mrs. George M.
Pullman will be granted a divorce from
her husband to-morrow. Evidence In the
suit for divorce was hoard by Judge Bish
op in the Circuit Court to-day after the
adjournment of the regular session, no
one being present except those directly in
terested. Pullman has been in the Far
West for some time and is now said to
be in Redwood City, Cal. His solicitor
filed an appearance and consented to a
default for want of an answer and also
to an immediate trial. The court.there
fore instructed the attorneys for Mrs.
Pullman to write up the evidence and
agree on the amount of alimony by to
morrow, when the decree of divorce will
be signed. Mrs. Pullman charges her hus
band with unfaithfulness and desertion.
The couple have been separated since
January. 1900. They were married in New
York August 18. 1S99.
Mrs. Pullman was Miss Lynn Kornald
and was popular in Chicago society be
fore her marriage.
Decree to Be Signed After
the Evidence Is All
Transcribed.
His Attorney Appears in
Court and Consents
to a Default.
PULLMAN GIVES
WIFE A DIVORCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1901.
Him an Appointment of Importance, in Which Event Assistant
Secretary Loeb Will Become the President's Right-Hand Man
Should He Leave It New Chief Magistrate Will Probably Give
CORTELYOU WILL RETAIN POSITION
OF SECRETARY TO THE PRESIDENT
11
®VIM. VIGOR. VITALITY (or MLM
MOUMON iUSUOP'M I'll-l-ri
hsv« been In u*« over Mty
year* by tit* leaders of the
Mormon Church and iliMr
follower*, yonltlvrly cur« th«
wor»t curru in old utni yuuii(
• rlKiuK from •ff«cti cf •*»-
«l.u*.-,iiu«!j.»lion,«xf«».»<» or
' rlKuri-tf-t-nioV.liiit. Cur* Loot
Manhood. Imrotcnry, J.ont
1'owr Nlffht Lo«tr», In«om>
• i 1 j,u tit Hrmrtl. »— .^-k » "' '' '" ' '" '" '»on-
F«rt va'or .n<1 pert* CE»TB ucy u, f * rrY tunc
?lon. UoiTt »-m dependent: « cur* la »t h»nd.
LlvmtOT* «m«JI. undeveloped or»can». BtUnuUl.
V,t brain and tierv* «-«ntwt; t»o * box; < fpr
ti M ty mall. A written «u*rinti-« to cur« or
jntiney refunded with c buxn. ClrcuUM fr««.
AddrAa lilSHOP HEMnOV CO. « K1H. .1
?«n rnnriico, Cal. UltANT DIlUO CO.. *l
==s Fels-Naptha ~ M
I [f T \ '. " ; J~ i j
A mechanic gets the best {
I tools wherewith to work.
Why shouldn't a woman ? j
The best household tool j
known is Fels-Naptha soap.
With it the drudgery of j
clothes-washing and house-
cleaning is not half as much
as usual, because there's no ;
boiling. • |
If upon thorough trial of
I Fels-Naptha soap you don't-
ii find this true, your grocer will
promptly refund your money. j
We authorize him to do so.
Fein A Co. Gray. , Lanir A Btroh
Philadelphia One), Ban Francisco.
AirVERTTSEMENTS.
ma We will pay ONE THOUSAND g
r i| DOLLARS ca*h as a reward for H
ll the arrest and conviction of mur- ¦
£ der cf the party or parties who a»- m
a faulted FRANK McGUIRE In thll B
m city on September 6, 1901, and In- H{
¦1 fllcted Injuries upon him from W
2 which h« has elnce died. u
B Mr. McOulre wai In our employ m
t «s a boiler-maker at Prince Wll- H
£ Hams Hound, and was assaulted Eg
1 rhort ly after Ms arrival on the bark m
I Frceno on said date. . ; . H
I Alaska - I
I Packers' Association |THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIjL., FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1901
12
BAK PZtANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every pight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— E27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin Etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opea
until 9 X>. m.
106 Eleventh Etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1C96 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. i
BI__ TIXG XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K.
T , 8 Post St.— Regular assembly THIS •£»»
(FRIDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. PCJ
Alt lraters are courteously invited. By \jW
order of "be commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
WILDEY Encampment No. 23, I. O. O. /g
F.— Officers and members are requested V
to attend the funeral of our late pa- /\
triarch. JACOB NICKELS. THIS FRI-/' X
PAY. at 1 o'clock eharp, from Druids Hall,
<13 Butter et. T. R. MORSE, Scribe.
HERMANN Lodge No. 145, 1. O.
O F.— Officers and members of =*2«hF_5
funeral committee are hereby no-
titled to meet at 12 o'clock FRI- * / '* v>>
DAY, Sept. 27, 1SC1, to attend the funeral of
our late brother. JACOB NICKELS.
A. H. ERECKTTOLDT. Sec.
GRAND Grove of California, U. A. O. D.— x*V>
Officers and members of the Grand yy
Grove of California, U. A. O. D.. ana all
Past Arches, are hereby notified to meet at
Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter Bt.. FRIDAY. Sept.
27 at 12:30 p. m., to attend"the funeral of our
late Grand Trustee. JACOB NICKELS.
JULIUS S. GODEAU, Noble Grand Arch.
JOHN M. GRAVES. Grand Secretary.
EUREIvA Grove No. 4. U. A. O. D. — The yt\o
officers and the funeral committee of tfce t^zfcl
above named grove are hereby notified to
assemble et Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter st, on
FRIDAY. September 27. 1901, at 12 o'clock
noon, for the purpose of attending the funeral
of cur late brother. JACOB NICKELS, P. N.
A. By order of the N. A.
CHAS. QUAST, Secretary.
EAS FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. K. _„._
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) y<SS5lV
EVE.VWG at 8 o'clock. Pioneer feZhzmk
Hall. 24 Fourth Et. 8^/^1*3
H. H. CASTLE. \Srf&S? I
Record Keeper. '
RICKJERS* and Stevedores' Union Association — ;
A special meeting will be held THIS (FRI-
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock in Washing-
ton-square Hall, corner Stockton and Union
sts.. tc transact business of importance. A
full attendance is requested. By order
ALEXANDER CAMPBELL. Pres.
HUGH L. McKEYITT. Rec. Sec.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— Notice Is hereby
given that the annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Bank of California will be held
at the banking house in this city on TUES-
DAY, October 8, 1901, at 11 o'clock a. m. By
order cf the Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
ADOPTION.
GIRL and bey baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FCXKE. 1416 Eighth tfc. Alatneda.
AGEXTS WAXTED.
Mck—STLEY'S Life, by Murat Halsted; best
author: best book; best terms; retails $1 50;
will duplicate any offer on Inferior books;
credit «iven; freight paid; outfit free. J. S.
ZIEGLER & CO.. Chicago, 111.
AGENTS wanted— Life of McKlnley; five hun-
dred page large book; handsomely illustrated;
outfit free; now ready; 76 per cent discount to
agents; freight paid; credit given. HENRY
NEIL i23 Dearborn Et., Chicago.
THREE reliable men (Swedish nationality pre-
ferred) to act as agents for a thoroughly es-
tablished business; must have first-class ref-
erences. A. D. F.. box 6S5. Call office.
ASP— A -TDM ROOKING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 11S6 Mission; tcl. Folsom 2477.
ATTORNEYS* AT LAW.
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty: quick;
quiet; no charge without success; collections.
Trills, deeds, etc., prepared; charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. S50 Market st.
ADVICE free:divorces private; bankruptcy;col-
Iections:attaclimenti5; mortgages; bills of sale:
partnerships; deeds:wills drawn;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON, lOOS 1^ Mkt.. r. 4, op. 5th.
ADVICE free; open eve.; moderate fee if sue-
p___. EDW. R. SHIRRAN. 627 Market St.
ADVICE free: no charg-e unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market st, opp. Mason.
L. E. CLARK. Emma Srreckels bids., 927 Mar-
ket et.: consultation free: no lees in advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY wants two small children to board;
mother's care. Apply 1*812 Pine st.
MOTHER'S care and good home fcr two or
three children; low terms. 1607 California st,
nooivS — NKV*' AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL~Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission Et.
_ L'liEAU TRUNKS.
ASK to Eee Lundbeck's improved drawer
trunk; at all (Sealers or factory. £26 Howard.
KIliSISE— S CUA.\C_.
A— $1009; PARTNER wanted in old-established
• corner saloon; best down town location; a
• rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 26'j Kearny st.
A— $1100; RESTAURANT close to Market St.;
near Chronicle bicig. ; a good paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2S^» Kearny 6t.
A— $2000; LIVERY and boarding stable north
of Market £t., clearing above J.300 per month;
full value in sight; a rare opportunity. Call
R. G. WILKE. tiVt Kearny at.
A— ?;50; GOOD-PAYING saloon, close to the
water front; rent S23; must be cold at once
ts owner is compelled to return to Michigan.
Call It. G. WILKE. 26>£ Kearny et.
A— J4C0; BRANCH bakery, delicacy store, with
4 furr.igh'.-d rooms; rent $20; very best loca-
tion on fillmore st., and good paying. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26lfc Kearny Et. '
A-J600; CIGAR Etore; rent $20; very best stand
on Kearny St.; owner must leave for Fresno;
value in sight. Call R. G. WILKE. 2Wz
Kearny st.
A— ?400; CORNER eaioon on .Mason St.; rent
$Si; good business; must Be eold at once;
owner accepted Government position. Call
R. G. WILKE. ZV£ Kearny Et.
MAX with $500 capital; best investment for the
money in the city. McBRIDE & CO.. 1015
Market St.. opposite Fifth.
CHOP house. $_i McBRIDE & CO.. 1016
Market st.
GROCERY and bar, $C00. McBRIDE _ CO..
1016 Market st.
SMALL amount cf money to Invest in stock in
a now Fteam laundry that will be running in
2 weeks; this is a gilt-edpe chance for man
or woman; shareholders get choice of pot>l-
tior.5. liufcincrs Board of Trade. 226 Pine ct.
SALOON business Ir» Oakland for sale; 15
years established; paying business; in best lo-
cation; with fixtures, stock, safe, etc.; to be
difposed of at a bargain. See DAVIE, BON-
NER & HILLMAN. 911 Broadway. Oakland.
A— CHANCE to bogin life over again; oppor-
tunity for gentleman having $375 to net $90
l>cr month In a pleasant, clean, safe cash
business. HEDGES BROS.. 410 Parrott bldg.
FIVE ladies wanted with $200 each as directors
in »rold mining company having rich deposit
In Shasta Co. G. KEV, TON & CO., 759 Market.
WANTED— Lady with %ZX as manager for se-
lect boerd aid roomine house: no trlfiers
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 8oO Market st.
A— $3500— GROCERY and bar; estab 16 years-
fine trade. A. H. RETSLOFF. 9C6 Market st,
WANTED — An energetic business man with
J1250 as partner in old-established coal busi-
ness clearing S300 per month; fine large horses
and wspons; larce stock on hand; or will sell
the whole: Ftock and improvements involc«
SSOOO. J. H. STANTON. 47 Port Bt. "
FOR SALE— The Call agency In Santa Cruz;
price J_ 00.
CIGAR store: good business; reason for scll-
lnc: bargain If Fold to-day. T. GRAHAM,
proprietor. "4 Eddy et.
PARTNER — Lady or gentleman with $500 to
travel; legitimate business; references ex-
chanced. Box C41, Call office.
GOOD carpenter to take half Interest In one
r>t tho beFt shops In the city. Address box
S73. Call office. *
BAKERS— To let. large store, with oven; pood
location: well odaptetl for bakery and coffee
saloon. 321 Ellis St. "
f,ADY wants sren'tloTnan buy Interest establish-
ed business; terms suit buyer. Box 865. Call.
FOR SALE— Large faloon In Western Addi-
tion. Apply Bavaria Brewery.
WANTED— To buy a business for spot cash.
Cox 863, Call office.
J15 RENT — Complete office furniture for sale:
make an offer at once. 753 Market St.
J50— BRANCH bakery. caWy. notions, .laun-
dry: suitable for lady. 437 Fulton et. '
FOR «>al<» — An old established rrult rtore; owner
retiring frea bueiaces. 418 Third eU
PUSIIS'ESS CnAXCES— -Contlnncd.
FOR sale — One of the best saloons in Vallejo,
with 12 newly furnished rooms; price $1600,
with stock. For particulars call at Vallejo
Express Office. Ell Market St.. San Fran-
clsco. 1 to 3 o'clock p. m.
WANTED— Grub Btake by honest, hardy pros-
pector; has 8 years' first-class experience In
Alaska; last winter found location where for-
matlons look wonderfully good. Box 878. Call.
FOR Bale, cheap— 320 acres of excellent coal
land in Pierce County, Washington. For
further Information address box 783, Call.
$300 AND $350— Fine opportunity to Invest • in
established blacksimth business: price in each
case covers stock, tools* and good-will. Ad-
dress box 283, Call office.
A— BUSY cigar stand; centrally located; ele-
gant fixtures; nets $100 monthly: will be sold
$475; acct. sick. Hedges Bros.. 410 Parrott bid.
HAIRDRESSING parlors sacrificed If sold this
week. Box C19. Call office.
COAL yard: fine wagons, etc.; est. 16 yrs.; also
horse, buggy and harness; cheap. 534 Fulton.
FOR sale— Restaurant. Apply at 9 Drumm st.
LODGIXG-BOUSES FOR SALE.
ALL BARGAINS. "^£XlL^FOR~LISt! ~~~
19 rooms on one fioor $900
15 rooms on Post st 1400
8 rooms; fine yard 350
ro-room house; clears $100 1400
S3 rooms; worth $2S00 1600
10 rooms; very good 400
12 rooms; corner 600
ANY HOUSE IN THE CITY SOLD ON
PAYMENTS.
10-roorn house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms: transient; only $400 cash 750
6-room flat; fine corner 300
36 rooms; on Market et 1900
10 rooms; north of Market st 450
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 250
15 rooms; fine corner; clears $80 600
48 rooms: hotel and bar 1500
IS rooms; on Sixth et.; clears $S0 800
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150 1600
18 rooms; corner; just like home 1500
10 rooms; on Mason Et.; new 750
S2 rooms: offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION. BUYERS! —
COME TO US FOR BARGAINS.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
. 24-room worklngman's house; cheap rent. $500
6-room flat; all rented 225
21 rooms: country; transient; clears $150.. 1400
32 rooms on Ellis; fine location: clears $75. 650
70-room apartment house 4000
42 rooms; grand halls; fine income 2600
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU;
14 rooms; transient; clears $125 650
21 rooms: $500 cash, balance payments 1000
E0 rooms; rent $100; clears $250.. 1500
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
MONEY LOANED..! Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 5C6 Mrkt., cor. Ellis, r. 12.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
I have 4 salesmen; money to loan; long list.
9 rms.; rent $20; good furniture; N. Mkt.. $350
18 rms.; rent $60; good corner house 1000
40 rms.; fine hair mattresses; clears $95 mo 2600
20 rms.; rent SSO: income $198; central 1500
23 mis. ; fine; respectable location; clears
$77 month; I will lend $700 on this house 1500
14 rms.; boarding-house; clears $65 month.
12 rms.; rent $60; income $110; nice; quiet.
SO rms.; corner; rent $50; a bargain; snap 450
100 rms.; S10.000; $9000 and 7000
60 rms.; family hotel; clears $375 month... 6500
34 rms.; rent $45; clears $80 month 750
Office open S a. m. to 6 p. m.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
£50 Market Et.. and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21, _ and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, roomlng-hoube or business
to eell list with us. We have cas>h customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
40 r. ;rent $120 ;eleg. fur. ; pays well ;reduced. $2850
27 r.; rent $140; oak fur.; Al location Si2CU
20 r. ; rent $80; G. G. a\ - e. ; apartments 1100
Notice— IE r.; rent ?S0; NE. cor.; 6 years*
lease; new house; elegant furn.; Inveslgate.
Money loaned on deferred payments, lVa p. c.
9 r.; modern fiat: nicely fur 550
8 r.; rent S35; oak fur.; inc. $50 325
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
11 ROOMS; rent $35; must be sold $400
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $40.. 450
7 rooms: nicely furn.; good home 375
10 rooms; goou fur., carpets; Bush st — 800
45 rooms; fine sunny corner; central.... 3700
100 r. ; fine location; good money maker.. 6000
12 rooms; newly renovated; fine; sunny.. 1200 .
17 rooms; rent $70; a -money maker 1230
22 rooms; corner; good transient; clean.. 1500
19 rooms; something good: see it 2500
S5 rooms; elegant; one of the best 8000
S5000 — 37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$C50— 14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45: bargain.
We furnish all the money you need.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. SSO Market st
ATTENTION!— Buyers will find It to their ad-
vantage to call and examine list of FISHER
& CO., 933 Market St., phone Folsom 1532.
34 r $1400 22 r $SCO 16 r ;S00
CO r 1150 20 r £00 14 r 450
18 r 1000 33 r 600 15 r 400
15 r 700 8 r 3S0 10 r 400
g r 550 6 r 225 7 r 223 :
R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny St., rooms 9 and 30.
20 rooms on Post st $1200
36 rooms en Powell st 6S0
47 rooms on Geary st 4500 I
24 rooms on Leaven-n-orth st 20C0
About 300 more houses enlisted with us.
McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
20-room housp, $350; 6-room house, $125; 10-
room house. MS0: lO-room house on Eddy st.,
JE650; 11-room house. 20-room house, $1500;
21-room house. $1250; half cash, .balance to
euiI the buyer.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1311.
317 Market st.. near Fifth.
FOR sale — A weil-furnlshed house with 19
rooms and electric light; house occupied all
the year round: rent $42. Apply 12-14 Steu-
art St., near Market.
EXCHANGE new 5-room. bath, cottage. $1200,
for lodging-house; state particulars. Ad-
dress box 7S1. Call office.
WANTED— Foe cash, good 15 to 25 room house:
central: well furnlsh°3. Address box 6C8. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances:
Sun.. Tues.. Fri.. 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; received medals from many
countries; taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 1084 Bush st ; tel. 2275 Larkin.
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty: dr. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. msdlum;
life reader: medical, clairvoyant; sitting!>, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.: Ellis car.
PROI\ GEE. 1CS Sixth St.— Readings, 50c and
$1; Circles Sunday. Tues.. Thurs. and Fri.
night. 10c.
MME. GYEISN. well-known trance medium:
' sittings daily from 1 to 5 and 7 to 9 p. m. ex-
cept Sunday. CS3 Market st., parlors 14-15.
BROCKWAY'S psychic seance Sunday.- Tues-
day, Wednesday. Thursday /and Friday. 8:15
p m. : 25c. 299 Hyde.cor.Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
MUSTAFA— Egyptian materializing seance.
Sun., Wed.. Fri.. 8 p. m., 25c; sittings daily.
1610 Bush Et.
FREE; proof, ladies, before beginning, develop
your mediumistic sifts; guarant. full names;
90 days. 724 Post St.; Franklin on door.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak st.; circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m.: Wednesday ladies, 2:30
p.m., 10c; readings daily, 50c.
MRS HARLAND'S circle to-night; best tests;
JOc; character reading, DOc. $1. 148 Sixth st.
MOTHER SADIE— Sean<?e to-day at 12 o'clock"
m. and seance S p. m. : 50c. 1CS4 Bush St.
EARLE. independent slate writer; S28 Ellis; tel.
Polk 1601; seance Tues. and Thurs., S p. m.
I MRS. HARRISON, spiritual medium. See her
fcr a few days at 858 Mission st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 323 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night, 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.,"next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portraj'3 events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be, told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Bt.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 ana
£6; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction '.guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday. -
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT, ~
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
"he succeeds when others fail; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk st.; readings by mail.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant.' tells past,
ruture; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; chows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open '
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. .2154. Sixth st.
ISMAR. the * Egyptian- gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, • op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, "10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. j
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second eight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladle? 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
MISS . ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm. :
she has, eecend sight; a .wonderful prophetess;
names given; L. Me, G. $1. 1079 Mkt., cor. 7th.
FURNITCUE WASTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buy3 furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer— W, P. Beauchamp, 923 Howard St.;
*tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
A. L. STORRS, 130 Golden Gate ave. ; tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furnjture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
. warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
H_H* YV_AT__ — *'_____:
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant IS 5
HOTEL UEfAHTMElMT
2 cooks, same hotel, rare paid $4U-$23
Cook, small country hotel **)
2 waitresses, same country hotel i'M
15 waitresses, different hotels ;$20-*_
Z chambermaids to wait |20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirl, Bakersfleld, see party here. $30;
cooks, houseglrls, second girls, city and coun-
try ...:
C. R., HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary st.
WANTED— 3 cooks, American families, $30-$35;
chambermaid and seamstress, $25, 2 in fam-
ily; cook, 2 in family, $30; second girl. $20,
same place; restaurant cook, $30; hotel cook,
- $30; Swedish cook. $35; cook for 3 men, $20; 5
cooks, German style, $30-$35; cook, Menlo
Park. $30; Alameda. $25; Palo Alto, $25; 3
waitresses for mining camp, $20-$25; laun-
dress, $30: restaurant and hotel waitresses,
$8 a week and ?20; 5 second girls, $20-$25. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316. Sutter st.
A-MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, Petaluma, $25, faro paid; wait-
ress, $20; Merced, fare paid; waitress. Mo-
desto, $20; waitresses, first-class hotels, city,
$20; 2 restaurant waitresses, city, $20; cham-
bermaids to wait, $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
First-class cook, private family, no other
work, '$30; housegirl, 2 In family, no wash,
$25; 2 second girls, $20 and $25; fancy ironer,
$1 50 per day; many other choice places.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
OPERATORS on overalls at Levl Strauss &
Co.'8 factory, 32'^ Fremont st. ; good wages;
no . experience necessary. Apply to MR.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
¦ years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts. s
WANTED— By wholesale firm competent sten-
ographer and typewriter; salary $40. with
. suitable increase after one year if proving
satisfactory. Address In own handwriting,
stating experience, R. E., box 861. Call office.
WANTED— A competent girl for cooking and
general housework; must be first-class cook;
references required. Address, giving full par-
ticulars, box SSS, Call office.
WANTED— A second girl for a small private
family; first-class references required. . Ad-
dress with full particulars, box S39. Call.
APPRENTICES; must be good sewers; learn
dressmaking. MME. L, PILGER, 8 and 10
Kearny St., upstairs.
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt and cloak hands
and assistants. Apply 1200, Geary st.
PRESSER, also operators on muslin under-
wear. BAUER BROS. & CO.. 21 Sansome st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20. 2335
Twenty-fourth St.
WANTED— Chambermaid, $30 and found. In^
quire MR. DAVIS, 153 Fourth st.
YOUNG lady, good reader. In printing office,
• to learn business. 530 Commercial st.
FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt hand helpers.
Room 134. Spring Valley building.
WANTED — A tidy young girl for second work.
2110 California st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wanted. 1020 Van
Ness ave.
A GIRL for general housework. Call 1040 Ellis
street.'
WAITRESS wanted. Excelsior Restaurant, 217
Sixth st.; call early. '
COMPETENT girl second work and waiting.
Call between 10 and 2 to-day, 2109 Broadway.
GIRL to do housework for two adults; wages
$15. Apply 1420 O'Farrell st. _.
WANTED — A German speaking nurse for three
children; $23; references. Appty Saturday, be-
tween 10 and 12 a. m., 1718 Jackson st.
HAND sewers at LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
overall factory, 32^4 Fremont st. Apply to
Mr. Davis.
A THOROUGHLY reliable girl or woman to
assist care of baby and light housework. 11
Fulton St., near Larkin.
RELIABLE girl with experience to assist In
cooking and delicacy store. Address box 2321,
Call office, Oakland.
HAIRDRESSING, dyeing, bleaching, massage,
manicuring taught in 2 weeks for $5; employ-
ment guaranteed. College, 143 Stockton, r. 15.
OPERATOR on serging machine. BELASCO-
HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
TWO rirls to sew immediately at H. ANDER- '
SON'S, costumer. 26 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework and
¦ care of bahy: references. 1010 Larkin st.
CHAMBERMAID wanted at Manhattan House, I
S25 Battery st.
WANTED— First-class finishers on custom
pants: steady work. 411«i Kearny st.
ACTIVE woman with some business experience
for responsible position. Box 382, Call office.
WANTED— First-class ,tailoresses on coats. 112
Kearny St., room 7. '
GIRL wanted for housework in small family.
Call at 2601 Eighteenth St.. near Hampshire.
WANTED— An experienced hand for dressmak-
Ing. Apply at 845 California st.
GIRLS wanted to wrap chewing gum. Apply
at 27 Main st. ¦
WANTED— Women lor light ¦ work oa Irult.*
1J31 Folsom «t. #
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ami
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia st.
I1EL1* WANTED — : MAIiE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st. !
Railrcad work Railroad work
Free fare Free fare
FOR UKIAH
FOR UKIAH
FOR UKIAH -.
100 toamster3 $2 a day
100 laborers $2 a day
FOR NEVADA ....'.
. 100 teamsters $2 a day
100 laborers $2 a day
....- FOR TRUCKEE .,
.' FOR TRUCKEE
CO manon's helDers $1 75 to $2
510 laborers .._ $2 a day
Free fare. . Ship daily. Free fare.
20 laborers for sawmill and woods, $2 a day,
fare advanced, see party here; hostler, pri-
vate stable, $35; young man to - drive and
take care of horses in country, $40 and room;
stableman, city, $40 and found; carpenter for
railroad camp, $2 50 a day.
HOTEL^ DEPARTMENT
Meat and pastry"cook. country hotel. $60 and
fare raid, see party here: head laundryman.
country hotel, $75; camp cook, near city, 140;
6 waiters, country, $3.0 and $35; 20 dishwash-
ers and kitchen hanc's, $30 and $25.
C. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
STABLEMAN for private family. $25; 3 mlll-
. wrights. $3 50 day: 3 miners, $2 50 day; 2 boys
for store, $3 to $4 week; young clerk for coun-
' try store: errand boy, $5 week: man about
place, $30 and found; 4 milkers, $30 and $35
and found; choreman for chicken ranch, $15
to $20 and found: 2 drivers Tor milk wagons,
$30 and $40 and found; ' leather cutter. $7 50
week; 3 machinists for country, $3 25 day: car
repairers:, car Inspectors, $2 60 day;: 6 men
and wives for ranches and private places, $40
• to $50 and found; 100 laborers for different
kinds of work at $2 to $4 day; teamsters and
• others. J. F. CROSETT & • CO. . 62S Sacra-
- mento st. '
COOK, country hotel, and dishwasher, $65:
cook and wife for institution. $60; waiter and
¦ wife, $45; fry cook. $50; cook for steamer. $33
to $iO; restaurant cooks; hotel waiter, country,
$30; restaurant waiters; $11 week; restaurant
checkers; dishwashers; bellboys and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY~
50 3d st.,- near -Call Bldg., phone Bush 405.
........... RAILROAD LABORERS ..........
SANTA FE R. R FRESNO DIVISION
.:...VUKIAH : UKIAH
<. FREE FARE
50 railroad teamsters for Ukiah, - $2 to $2 25 . a
day —
Deck hands and sailors for Honolulu, Austra-
lia. Japan; Mexico and the coast. .?40 per mo.
Milker*, ¦ near city. ...$30 per month and found
'2 carpenters, country, 5 months' job...........
— S3 to $3 50 per day
2 redwood tree fellers. .$45 per mo. and board
6 quarrymen, ?1 50 per day & board, free far*.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st— Fry cook.
$fi0: third cook. $33; "cook.. $10 a week: night
waiter, $35; glass pantryman.' $25; dishwasher,
$6 a week; butler, $45; gardener for jobbing.
$30, etc. " ..--¦¦--.¦¦. • .
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12
—Walters, country; $30, half fare; porter. $20;
. colored ¦ porter, railroad -¦ hotel, . $23. -.half . fare.
A— MARKER and distributer in laundry; $50.
MRS. I.I. 5 E. DAY & CO.. ..:... ...335 Geary Bt.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' -International Union—
. Fi*e imploymcnt. S27 Market - *t.. room SJ7.
1. LESS, tecretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
CLAIItVO YAKTS— -Contlnmert.
PROF. JOHN J. HULTHEN, clairvoyant,
palmist and card reader; reveals past, present
and future; 60c. 10071-i Market st., near Sixth.
FREE, ladies, morning, September; free test
readings, future events and questions; abso-
lutely free. 724 Post; open 10 to C. Franklin.
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken. 25c up. 777^Market St., room 18.
MRS. E. L. DAVIS, the great clairvoyant
card reader; ladies 25c,' gents 50c. 28 Sixth st.
M. WILLE, crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m., 50c. 326A Ellis st.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to S. 262 Minna St., nr. Fourth.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles 25c. gents 60c. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. MELVILL. well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448^6 Jessie St., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 353-S57 Tehama st. : tnl. South 40.
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY, 1511% Market St.; phone Mint 1035.
AMERICAN Carpet-beatinsr Works— Cleaning,
3c;renovated;relald. 105 14th St.: tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 gutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
£33 Goiden Gate ave.; telephone East 120. .
CITY Steam \Carpet-bc:.tinsr Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Msx., 38-40 8th st.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
PROF.Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet.
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny st.. room 307.
- COLLECTION • OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
LARGE cottage, 8 rooms. 2 baths, stable, etc.;
beautiful grounds; lot 137:6x120:3 frontages;
rent $C5 per month. Apply A. J. RICH &
CO., 112 Montgomery st. '
$6— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; worth $12 in city; near
Crescent ave. Apply 64 Silver St., off Third.
DENTISTS.
A— DR.T~.~sT— IGGINs" 92! Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for rainless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket et., cor. 4th, rin. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings;, extractions or . fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 29 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
60c; plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st. — Work dona
on weekly installments; lowest rates. .
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk Et.
DR. R. L. WALSH 815*4 Geary. nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM — "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DUKSSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
UcDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM. '
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
__________
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$S per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured:, cat. free.
A LAW DEPARTMENT of the Night School
for men at the Y. M. C. A. opens Tuesday,
Oct. 1; tuition $50 a year; three nights a week;
prospectus now ready; registration open; in-
structor Geo. H. Boke of jurisprudence- dept.
A — The official reporters of the SupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowlng? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited, preparatory
school fcr the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building..
CALIFORNIA Medical College— Regular term
opens October 7. Full information write D.
MACLEAN, M. D.; dean, Donohoe bldg., S. F.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
associated with i theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College-Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-43, Par-
rott bldg. ; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillcn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-house for. cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, oCc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
I PROF. L. MERJCI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1C0S Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and^
ILLUSTRATION— night, class. 424 Pine st. .
HEALD'S Buiiness College, 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1S63; new KO-page catalogue free.,.- -
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or. eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYJIUST OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters- and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
SAM KEE & CO., employment office^Best help;
estbd. 1850. 621% California St.; tel. Red 401.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish mo3t
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
OKPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 42G Powell.-nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S8.
EMPLOYE— NT 1\ Ai\T_D-_ FEMALK.
AN elderly woman, first-class American cook,
elegant baker, clean and careful, understands .
the care of children thoroughly, wishes a po-
sition as working housekeeper in small. fam-
¦ ily. 511 Bryant st.
A LADY will assist with housework forenoons
in exchange for. a gocd room for herself and
husband and board for herself. Address box
S95, Call. ____-
STRONG, rood, willinz woman'; a great,house-
cleaner and can do most any kind of work;
good references; wages $1 per day and car-
fare; good washer of flannels.- 78 3d St., r. 4.
GOOD sewer desires a dace .to learn dress-
maklnjr where she will -receive pay -while
, learning. Box SSO, Call.
EXPERIENCED young German woman wishes
' position as nurse or lady's maid. Young Wo-,
man's Christian Assn., 1239 O'Farrell st.
EXPERIENCED young lady stenographer and
• bookkeeper desires position; best of refer-
ences. Box 858, Call.
COLORED woman wishes . housecleaning or.
washing by the day or laundry to do home.
| Address .box 386, Call office.
REFINED lady wants position- as companion
or lady's maid: speaks- German, French and
. English; good sewer; "Is willing to travel;
" references. Eox 876. Call office.
HELP WANTED — MAL13 — Con.
MEN WANTED IMMEDIATELT*.
Carpenters,
Experienced Piledrlver Hands.
Experienced Raftsmen. *
For work in this city at China Basin, Potrero
and for various Jobs along the front.
Also for work at Mare Island ana .Hunters
Point drydocks.
Steady work at regular plages.
We are starting new Jobs dally, and will
put on all competent men applying at once.
BRIDCK AND WHARF BCUDERS' EM-
PLOYERS* ASSN..
4 California St.. room 15.
WANTED— Able-bodied men ablo to handle
grain etc.; none others need apply; wages 50c
per hour, board, lodging and protection in-
cluded. Apply to WM. THOMAS. 511 Bat-
tery »t-
WANTE D— Stevedores, seamen, Jlremen. coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; goo.1 wages: per-
fect protection' afforded on Broiidway wharf,
where employes are boarded aad lodxed on
steamer lying alongside; men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time- will be given preference In future. Ap-
ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Broadway wharf. San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers; steady employment: good wages.
Lumber Dealers* Association. :209 Examiner
building. Good board on vessel and trans-
portation night and morning provided.
TEAMSTERS— Steady work; koo<1 wayes. 203
Front st.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co..
near Weaverville, Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 2S Montgomery st.. room 25, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
200 MEN to buy suits made to order. $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 mils st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale: 50c up. 241 Third st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. >-. 40. Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas I'ost. G. A. R.
TOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School. 714 A Howard st.
WANTE D— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up: soling 20c up 923 Howard.
"WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night r reading rooms: frea
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. :S00 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1033
Valencia st. :
HOSPITALS. ~
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass Bt.. Ban Fran.
1IOKS — S AAD WAGONS./
H. BRANDENSTEIN & CO., *as removed from
631 Mission st. to S19 Folsom St., with an as-
sortment of sale horses; also livery and
boarding: new boarders solicited: brick staLls
to let for 20 horses.
40 HORSES for sale; also wasons. buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
>27 Sixth St.; auction sales even' Wednesday.
BULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
VERY promising youne team of pacers; will
sell or exchange; 'for one good Kiadster. Box
635, Call office.
WANTED — A light single delivery wagon; stats
price. Box W0. Call afflce.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore St.. S. F.
ONE black road team, one carriage team, ons
fast road team. 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 60s G. G. ave.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry, t
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagoa 828 Harrison.
EOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harnets and Wagoa
Co.; he sells too cheap. E4 Eigfcth st.
FOR sale— Coupe and buggy; chjap. Address
box 68, Call office.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
'etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, simile; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 533 Mission.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. S. F. Vet.
Col., 510 G. G. ave.. Dr. E. J. Creely. dean.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
C_l, 18 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for SU
postage paid. '
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 11 Montgomery.
RENT $60—2941 Fillmore st., near Green; a
brand new house of 9 rooms and bath; hot air
furnace, hardwood floors and every modern
convenience; house finished in latest style:
handsomely decorated and tinted; has never
been occupied.
•TO let— Residence. 104 Guerrero St., near 13th;
10 rooms; sunny; high ground: garden; sani-
tary plumbing; 3 lines of cars; rent cheap
to permanent tenant.
HOUSE to let— 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Steiner
st.. near Ellis.
10-ROOM corner residence; fine order; top man-
tels ; porctn. bath. 1363 Webster, cor. O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST and best In America*— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any a.ddress tn ths
United States or Canada one 3 j ear for $1.
HOUSES TO LET FUHXISETED.
5 A^SUNNY^eottageri rooms. batrTpJano. ehlck>
ens, fruit trees; Alameda: 1 block from sta-
tion. A. M. SPECK & CO.. a? Market st.
TO let — FurrUshed 7-room house on Presldlo>
Heights; marine view; $65. 3ox 167. Call.
office.
HOUSES WA>TE_I
FURNISHED house of 8 or 9 rooms In Alar
meda for a year or more; good location. Ad-
dress M. W. L.. room 30. 36 Geary st.
LOST AND FOC3_ ~
LOST— A bunch of five keys on key ring,
' Wednesday afternoon. A reward will be paid
b? returning them to HAMMERSMITH A
FIELD. 36 Kearny st.
LOST— September 24, corner of San Jose and
Geneva aves., a purse containing $55. Return
to 2133 San Jose ave. and receive your own
reward.
LOST— Bunch of keys going from Spear and
Howard to Folsom, to Beale. to Bryant, to
Harrison, to Spear, to Howard; reward. Ad-
dress box SSO, Call office.
LOST— A diamond ring between cushions, on
Market st. and Fourth. A suitable reward at
2040 Broadway.
LOST— Silver bag containing $15 gold coin, gold
chain; also containing visiting cards; reward.
920 Jackson st.
LOST— Upper set of artificial teeth on 10:45 p.
m. Sausallto boat, Sunday; reward. 525 Pa-
* dflc st.
LOST— Solitaire diamond ring. Wednesday aft-
ernoon. In ladles' parlor. Orphtsum: liberal re-
ward. Address A. B., box 859. Call office.
LOST— At Louvre, lady's pock«tbook; reward.
Room 57. Occidental Hotel.
LOST— A passbook with The Hibernla Savings
. and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MARY J. PARSONS. No. 220.517.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Lady's gold watch. Sunday. 22d; initials
K. S. Return to 433B Clementina St.; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co... 220 Sutti;r st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Tie Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper- for mailing. $1 per year.
MAITUESSES ANU 1'ILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 ta 415 Powell St.;
tel. Bush 421. t ,
mixes axd ml'Exg;
SHASTA GOLD AND COPl'F.R CoZ last
chance at 10c; will be ;5c in few days; cora-
- pany owns 14 claims. 335 Post St.; open eva'i.
HELP WAKTEDu-MALE--Coiij^ u>
A^MURRAY "& RE AOT*. i ..... Phons Main 6S15
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office open 7 a. m. to-day •••••
UKIAH UKIAH
i UKIAH
f C. N. W. RY
ukiah •••;:•
•Free, fare Ship twice dally
50 teamsters Ukiah. Free fare
50 laborers Uktah Free fare
25 men. steel, ballast and extra gangs, Ukiah
Free fare
FREE FARE 1 SHIP DAILY
" Laborers. Santa Fe Co. 's own work, on all
divisions :...- Free fare
MILLS YARDS WOODfc)
10 more laborers, no experience required to
work in mills, yards and woods of a large
sawmill company, $33 to $55 and found; 10
woodsmen and cross cutters; woodchoppers
and tiemakers
LABORERS : LABORERS
10 laborers, no experience required, near city,
$42 and found, steady job.. •
5 shovelers, 50c fare $1°
10 quarrymen, 60c fare ?o 0
4 laborers, small mine, $30 and found; 5 la-
borers, no experience required, surface work,
mine, $60; 5 muckera, $75; 4 single hand min-
ers. $60; 127 laborers,- no experience required,
city and country
MISCELLANEOUS
Harnessmaker, camp, near city. .$33 and found
Stableman, truck stable $15 week
3 stablemen, city; buggy washer; teamster,
mining company, south $35 and found
Handy man for country furniture and hard-
ware store •
Dairyman, south, $40; gardener, $30; 15 farm
and orchard hands, $26 and $30; 7 choremen
and boys '. $13, $20 and $30
FRUIT PICKERS
15 men and strong boys to pick fruits and
grapes, work In packing-house and dry yards,
»30 and found :
Well borer; cooper, slack work, see boss here;
wlnemaker, etc
3 rough carpenters; blacksmith helper, ranch.
$35 and found; carpenter, factory; 2 ironmold-
ers, city; furnace man; young man to work In
packing-house, $10 week
- HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker for an institution: 3 butchers; second
baker, country shop. $14 week, waiter, first-
class hotel, north, $30; 5 waiters, country; 9
cooks; 3 ranch cooks; porters and kitchen help.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
2 men to work in winery $30 and found
Choreman for Madera $30
Milker, Marin County $30
Farmer for stock farm $25
2 single hand miners $2 50 day
2 laborers for mine $2 a day
Butter-maker for Madera. $35
Ranch cook for 3 men , $12
10 laborers for ditch $2 25 day
10 drillers for ditch company $2 50 day
20 men for sugar refinery $3 day, free fare
AN intelligent young American of good appear-
ance and character by retail liquor firm; no
experience required: state salary expected,
together with references: fine chance to pro-
gress for right party. Box 857. Call office.
"WANTED— Boy 16 or 17 to take care of bi-
cycles; good home and small wages. Ad-
dress P. H. PETERSON, 90S Fourth St.. San
Rafael.
WANTED— Rellbale man for light, permanent
business; duties plain and easily learned; will
pay $75 per month; chance of increase; must
have $200. Western Investment Co., 25 Geary.
BOYS 17 years to learn glove finishing; also
experienced. CARSON GLOVE CO 35 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED— Competent bookkeeper at Fresno;
sober, industrious, experienced ill dried fruit
office preferred. Box 891. Call office.
WANTED— A man to do genera} work about
farm; must know how to plow; wages $15.
Address P. O. box 164, San Rafael. Cal.
WANTED— First and second cooks, waiters,
porters and dishwashers; also experienced
restaurant steward; no fee. 127 Mason st.
BOY for grocery store about 16 years old, who
lives in the Mission; $5 per week. -Box 856.
Call office. ¦
MARINE firemen, lumber stevedores, sailors;
non-union; no office fees. Mechanics' Regi%.
tration Bureau. 410 Kearny st., room 24.
mf
WANTED— A baker, second hand on bread;
wages $14 per week; answer by wire. I. S.
MULFORD, Eureka, Cal.
WANTED— Bright boy from 14 to 18 years of
age. Apply 8 to 10, HALE BROS.. Inc.
BOY wanted for general usefulness. S. RO-
SENTHAL CO.. 937 Market st.
WANTED— Gas fixture makers and scroll bend-
ers. A. MERLE CO.. 517-519 Mission st.
GOOD coatmaker to work inside, good wages,
at 225^4 Montgomery ave.
YOUNG man for city drumming. SHIREK
MANUFACTURING CO.. 17-19 Sutter St.
COATMAKER to work in shop. H. S. JA-
COBS. 109 Fourth st.
WANTED— Boys to pass bills. Call to-day be-
fore 8 a. m. at 299 Hyde St., corner Eddy.
GOOD barber wanted Saturday ana Sunday.-
1344 Turk st.
BOY 16 to 18 years old for grocery delivery.
227 Powell st.
STRONG errand boy in a ladles' tailoring es-
tablishment. LESTER, 8-10 Kearny. upstairs.
EXPERIENCED, sober bedmaker wanted. Call
9 o'clock at 149 Third st.
DISHWASHER. 315 Grant ave.
WANTED— Finisher at carriage shep; steady
job. 1414 Pine st.
YOUNG butcher wanted. 1639 Ellis st, corner
Steiner. '
MARKET, 100— Barber for Saturday; also
steady; shop closes 6:30 p. m.
WANTED— Tailor for bushellng at 827 Sut-
I ter st.
DISHWASHER. 416 Third st.
COOKS STARLING or NUGENT call at 217
Sixth st.. Excelsior Restaurant.
COOK wanted. 217 Sixth St.; call early.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day at 556 Fourth st.
GOOD boy for drug store; $5 week. Address
box S54, Call office.
DISHWASHER wanted at' 17-19 Powell Bt.
BARBERS for 10 cent shops Inquire at 131
Third St., Labor Sec.
GOOD painter. Apply 8 a. m., RIPPE'S gro-
cery. Twenty-fourth and Bryant sts.
WANTED— A barber for Saturday and Sunday
2104 Fillmore st. '
W ANTED— An elderly man handy at any kind
of work on a ranch. Apply 119 Tenth st.
| WANTED— Barber Saturday. 1113 San Pablo
ave., Oakland.
| WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
: S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
! inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required: tools donate*!; positions guaran-
teed; catalogue free. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Good driver for bottllnjr works:
must know the city and have reference and
bond. Box 874, Call.
A BOY to be generally useful' in store: stats
experience, etc.; wages $5 per week. Ad-
dress box £75, Call. ,
LOCKSMITH who can do repairing at Berke-
ley Hardware and Repair Shop. A. ER-
LANDSEN, 2020 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
FIRST-CLASS Dresser oh pants: BELASCO-
HARRIS CO.. 5-11. Market st.
STRONG, energetic boy for wholesale house;
state age. Address box 644, Call.
WANTED— A flrst-clas3 painter at 112 Free-
Ion st.; union man preferred.
WANTED— Young man with little cash; no
experience; $35 month; restaurant. 436 Fourth.
1 GOOD 2-chair barber shop and cigar stand.
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and' id sts.
GOOD barber shop: must be sold this week;
sickness. Box 2315. Call office. Oakland. ' .
CLARINET player for first-class concert work.
Box 3S3. Call office. ¦;• .
COATMAKER and bushelman for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED — Young man. 18 to 21 years of age.
who is good at figures. Apply at HALE
BROS., before 11 a. m. /
WANTED— Young man who Js an experienced
• wrapper. Apply- at HALE BROS., before
11 a. -tn.
WANTED— Man who is competent to take
charge of chlnaware and household supply
department: state age. experience an3 salary
expected. Box SS3. Call office.
WANTED— Dry goods salesman on commission;
city trade. . Box 871. Call office. '
STRONG boy 18 to IS to drive light delivery
wagon; $6 per week. RIEGER & CO.. 141 1st.
WANTED— 2 good bench hands. Planing mill,
corner Market and Dolores sts.
BUTCHER boy wanted. Apply 1103 Scott st.
near Turk. \
WANTED— A young tinsmith helper or a boy.
. 134 Sutter St.. third floor.
STRONG, Intelligent boys, IS to 20 years old, to
learn machinist tracie. 5C5 Mission st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEaiALE.
WANTED— By refined and gentle lady of mid-
dle age, 'position as companion or very light
housework; understands sewing of any kind;
also cutting and fitting. Box 645, Call office.
AN English lady of refinement to care for
children or companion to lady; speaks French
and Spanish. R. A., 1S23 Devlsadero'st., San
Francisco. / •'*''¦ '
A RESPECTABLE woman would like a few
days' work a week; washing or house cleah-
. ing; terms reasonable. Call 337 Jessie St.,
between Fourth and Fifth. t
NEAT reliable woman and young girl would
like positions of any kind. Apply 1409 Fol-
som st.; call for two days.
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes position 4 or 5
days in week; good laundress; sleep home;
good references. 1111 Folsom st. !
WANTED by young lady, situation as book-
keeper and stenographer; over 3 years' ex-
perience; good city and Eastern references.
Box 7S6. Call. / '"
A REFINED young lady wishes position as
typev/riter or copyist or assistant in doctor's
. office. Box 886. Call.
EXPERIENCED young woman wishes posi-
tion to care for a child or an Invalidf refer-
ences. Apply or address E. R.. 347 Liberty st.
FASHIONABLE dressmaker, lately from New
York, desires engagement by day or to take
work home. • 1694 Stockton st. '
WANTED — By respectable girl, office or house
cleaning by the day. Apply 114 Eleventh st.
YOUNG lady would like position in office; ac-
curate and a good penman. Box 887. Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to
$6' week; convenient and respectable; " free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
RELIABLE man wishes position as watchman
in private place, building or factory; 15 years'
experience; some experience at liring; good
reterence. Address box S55. Call office.'
SOBER, reliable man, clerk small grocery, ci-
gar store or lodging-house; small wages; ex-
perienced and best references. Address box
385. Call office. ¦
ENERGETIC young man, 22, desires practical
work in elect, engineering; willing to work
hard; small wages expected. Address R. O. |
. B., 1C00-1602 Larkin st. '
INDUSTRIOUS young man, experienced in
grocery and meat business, wants position.
Box 864, Call.
MILK wagon driver, experienced, deslren.
steady position in city; am. sobef and relia-
ble. Box S92. Call.
COACHMAN wishes situation; 10 "years' ex-
perience; tirst-class Eastera reference. Box
ifl6, Call. ,
PAINTER, whitener and tinter wants work by
the week or month; willing to make himself
useful; moderate wages. Add. box 866, Call.
A THOROUGHLY capable and experienced
poultry man wants position to manage ruod-
¦ em poultry plant; he is familiar with all in-
cubator and brooding systems; he is an ex-
pert in raising either chicks, ducks, geese or
other fowl; several years' apprenticeship on
the largest plants has made him competent
to conduct any plant; references given. Ad-
dress A. LARSUN. 515 Pine St.
AN Englishman just from Boston wants por-
ter's position or cleaning by the day; v can
tend furnaces, wash windows, wash paint
or do anything. Address CHARLES H.
WALL. 414 Powell St.
BY a young man 27 who has had 5 years' ex-
perience in a tin repair shop; understands
stove and hot air furnace work. Box 616,
Call office.
GOOD and reliable cabinetmaker, etc., pol-
isher, wishes work as repairer and polisher,
etc.. on any kind of woodwork; will work
- for small wages. Box 3C8. Call office.
SOBER and industrious German janitor wants
to get a position as janitor in some school
or Institution; first-class citjtreferences. H.
J. S.. §t. George Hotel. 812 Itearny st.
GERMAN would like to get work in a wine
cellar or liquor store; can' give best. Cali-
fornia references. H. J. S., St. "George Ho-
tel. 812 Kearny st.
MAN and wife without children (German) de-
sire to take charge of country home. Box
643, Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN wishes work on farm or
dairy: can milk 8 or 10 cows. Address box
64S. Call office.
WANTED— A job to do any kind of work in
wholesale or retail grocery store. Address
W. K. LOWRY. Winchester Hotel. -
SITUATION WANTED- A young man. expe-
rienced clothing and gents' furnishing sales-
man; furnish best of references. Address
room 14, S06 Washington St., Oakland. Cal.
MAN and wife, competent, reliable, respect-
able (German), desire .to take charge of
* country home. Box 785, Call office.
YOUNG married man wants position in coun-
try; care of stock, poultry; small wages; good
g-ardener; sober. Industrious; best of refer-
ences. Box 6S3, Call office: • :
RELIABLE sober German gardener; under- ;
' Hands the care lawn, flowers, horses, buggies,
milking: very useful and willing; good refer-
ences; city or country. Box 270, Call office. ¦
GOOD butcher, 6trictly temperate, married
man, wants steady place in\ some country
town. WritR W. F., 1251 Pacific st.
JAPANESE, good cook, wants situation to do
only kitchen work; wages $.7 up per week.
373 Fourth St., Oakland.
JAPANESE student wants to serve as a
school boy for short hours; no wages. K.
TAKAHASHI, 1010 Pine st.
CHINESE boy, first-class cook, wants position
in private family: city or country; references.
400 Dupont St., telephone John 1051.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post St.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing etocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
EDDY. 931. near Franklin— $65; a beautifUl new
- upper flat just completed, containing 10 rooms
and bath; saloon parlors with arch lights.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220
Montgomery st.
COLE, 772-775, bet. Beulah and Frederick sts.—
Fine new sunny flats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable.
AN 8-room flat, sunny side; $30. 616 Haight St.,
. • near Steiner.
DORE. 319— A nice upper sunny flat 4 rooms;
good order; rent ?S month.
LOWER flat. 6 rooms and bath. .1416 Devlsa-
dero st., near Geary.
6 LARGE sunny rooms and bath. 66 • Four-
teenth St., near Folsonr; rent $25. t _
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat. 6 rooms, bath,
basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant.
2 MODERN flats; one a corner; 8 and 9 rooms,
2 kitchens In each; $30 and $35. 417^4 Third st.
$10 — LOWER flat, 4 rooms: big yard. 33 Moss
/ st., off Howard, near Seventh. ¦
PIERCE. 247 — $10 per .month; 4 rooms; near
PaEe Bt;'. . . .' '. . :.,"..
WILLIAM, 117. near Post and Taylor— Flat, 4
rooms and. bath. Apply 727 Ellis st.
.UPPER flat. 5 sunny front rooms and bath;
rent $18. SW. corner Geary, and Wood sts.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
10 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
PLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
FURNITURE and carpets of 7-room flat for
sale cheap: nearly new; flat to let: Call at
' once. 502 Cole st. . . .
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED.
j FOR sale— A newly furnished lower sunny flat.
Address box 879. Call office.
~~~~ FLATS \VANTED.
WANTED— A fiat, cottage or chouse of 5 or 6
j rooms and bath; must be modern and within
the . boundary -of .. Market, Fillmore, ; Geary
and Jones sts. ; rent reasonable. Address box
784, Call office. • ¦ : . ¦-*>-¦
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE*—. KELLER, 12S-130 Hayes, nr. V. Nesa
j — Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FURNITURE- FOR SALE.
: $17 50 — SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak -chair; factory price. - . :
, $2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
I Seary's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished In • oak, . $18 50. with No. 7
range. KIngr Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of seven-room' flat for sale; new.'.
413 Ellis st. ; no dealers. ' : ' ": :V..V
¦ 30CO yards carpet; leather library set, 5 pieces,'
• cost ?125., D. GREENWALT, 708 Valencia st.Sardine ought to be cheap this year, as
the herring are so plentiful in Maine. I
have never seen such a rush in the sar
dine factories in Eastport as there is at
the present time. More herring are being
caught than can be handled at the fac
tories, and It is impossible for the steam
ers to take the sardines to Boston as
rapidly as they are prepared. Some of
the factories at Eastport are receiving
1000 hogsheads of herring a day and most
of them are working day and night to try
and keep up with the rush.— Lewiston
Journal.
The Sardine Supply.
A thousand -welcomes to Shamrock II,
now off Sandy Hook, and soon to put on
her racing 1 suit for the great event to
which two continents are looking:. Con
gratulations on her safe and speedy
transit of the Atlantic and best wishes
for her future. She will not lift the cup,
perhaps, but there is every reason to be
lieve that she will Rive the American de
fender such a battle as will be historic
in the yachting annals of the country.
Thrice 'welcome, therefore, to the Irish
boat, a welcome all the more cordial be
cause of the bigr hearted and chivalrous
Irish sportsman In whose name she comes
over seas. — Newark News.
Welcome for the Shamrock II.
'UA.YI —
Same to same, lot on S line of Bowie street.
105 E of Howard avenue. E 50 by S 150. lots
63 and 64, Bowie property, Oakland Township;
grant.
M. R. Lunt (single) to S. P. Lunt. lot on E
lino of Louisa street. 100 N of Virginia, N 100
by E 135. lots 15 and 16. block A, Eureka Home
stead. Berkeley; $10. -
: Josephine V. or Josephine and Albert J. Yost
to May C Masterson, lot on NW line of Peralta
street. 55 NE of Palm, NE 50 by NW 125. be
ing lots 10 and 11; block B. Fruitvale Road
Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10. •
Catherine McDevitt to Roman Catholic Arch
bishop of San Francisco (religious corporation
sole), lot on SE line of Baker avenue. 25 SW
of Virginia street. SW 75 by SB 125. lots- 3. 4
and 5 and portion 38, Gem Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Henry C. Verbarg to Niels M. Martin, lot on
S corner of Falrmount avenue and Pearl street.
SW 214.51. SE 134.47, NE 177.19, -NW 60, being
lot 1, block E. Flint Tract, portion Oakland
Heights, Oakland; $10.
Albert and Elizabeth Rhoda to Charles C.
Boynton, lot on S line of West Eleventh street.
147:9 E of Cypress, E 22 by S 75, block 559,
Eighth-street Tract, Oakland: $10.
Martha E. Cohen (administratrix of estate of
Henry A. Barry) to William F. Dolan. lot be
ginning at point 270 N from N line of Alcatraz
avenue in line drawn at right angle to said
avenue, 608.3 E of Shattuck avenue, thence W
200 by S 150, portion Vicente Peralta Reserva
tion, Oakland; $760.
Walter F. and Lillie M. Higgins to Glennie
Davles. lot on W line" of Shattuck avenue, 95
S of Virginia street, S 40, W 127.70/ N 39.90, E
130.45, being lot 9, resubdivlslonal map block
C, Janes Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Glennie Davies (single) to Anna N. Fbno
(widow), same, Berkeley; $10.
Jessie W. Stone (widow of Charles B.) to
Thomas Xlton, lot on N line of Eleventh ave
nue, formerly Pierce street, 50 SW of East
Twenty-second, formerly Sanders street. SW
100 by NW 100. being lots 19 and 22. block 131A.
Brenan estate property. East Oakland; grant.
Lena and Andrew Christensen to Thomas M.
Anthony, lot on W line of Cypress street. 31
S of Sixteenth, S 34:9 by W 78. block 582- A,
Bagge Tract; also lot on W line of Castro
street, 62 S of Fourth, S 48 by s W 70. block 25,
Kellersbenter's Map; also lot 22, block 60,
same, Oakland; $10.
• Same to Calvin A. Shaw, lot on SE line of
Eleventh avenue, 200 NE of East Twenty-first
street, SE 130, SW 200. NW 60. NE 150, NW
100, NE 60, East Oakland; $10. ,
San Francisco Savings Union to Alice L.
Ruble (wife of W. W.). lot on W line of
Spruce street, 360 S of Durant. S 40 by W
134:7. block 10, property Berkeley Villa Asso
ciation, Berkeley; $10.
John K. and Sarah M. McLean to Sarah R.
Yoakum, lot 89, block B, Fannie Davenport
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
-¦ Marie D. Stollberg to Philip Conradl, lot on
NW corner of Fifth and Madison streets. N
100 by W 50, block 60, Kellersberger's Map,
Oakland; $10.
Timothy Curley (single) to Mary Curley
(widow), lot on SW corner of Delaware and
Tenth streets, W 48 by,S 100. block 79, tract B,
Berkeley Land and Town Improvement Asso
ciation, warranty deed. Berkeley; $10.
- Same to Mary E. • and Annie M. Curley,
Emma A. Coakley and Agnes M. Cummlngs,
lot on S line of Delaware street, 48 W of Tenth,
W 57 by S 100, portion of block 79, tract B.
same, Berkeley; also lot on W line of Tenth
street, 100 S of Delaware, S 100 by W 130, lota
6 and 7. block 79, same, Berkeley; $10.
California Realty Company to Thomas and
Matilda Merlino, lots 86 to 89, Elmhurst Park,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
' George T. Wright (administrator of estate of
-Jane A. Badger) to Oakland Bank of Savings,
lot on SW line of East Ninth street, 100 NW
of Seventh avenue, SW 150 by NW 50, East
Oakland; $900. * ¦- •
Calvin R. and Annie E. Shaw to Samuel M.
Shaw, lot on E corner of East Ninth street
and Seventh . avenue, NE 90 by SE 75, East
Oakland; $10.
Hyman and Susan F. Falrchlld to Marlon E.
Donogh (wife of A. O.), lot on N line of Chan
ning way, 75 W of Elsworth. W 100 by N 130.
block 13, "- College Homestead Association,
Berkeley; $100.
Anna N. Fordfe (widow) to Muir M, McKel
vey, lot on E line of Fulton street, 51.60 S of
Russell, S 50 by E 135, lot 8, block B. Suburban
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
hundred-and-twentleth of lot on E line of
Broadway, S3 N of Durant, street, N 46:6 by
E 150, block F. map Fountain . place. Oakland;
also property In San Francisco and Contra
Costa counties; $325.
' ¦ Isidore . W. Levy • and -.' Felix ' Coblentz
(executors -',- of estate ...of," Joseoh Cob
lentz) to A. E. . Blum,' undivided ; one-one-
. Glennle Davis ¦< to .Walter F. and Lillie M.
Hlggins, -. lot on N line of Rose street, 90 E of
Walnut, E 45 by N ! 120, portion of block 22,
property N of Byrne street, • In Berkeley Villa
Tract. Berkeley; $10. - -
.William and Ada." A.' Clark to M. Van Ostrand.
lot 28, block P,~ Harmon Tract, map of blocks
Mto P of said tract.. Berkeley; $10. "..:•• . . .
L. J.Moran to Charles Ashton, lots 1 and 2,
block - E. * Tuohy* s second addition ¦ to Berkeley,
Oakland Township; $10. : • ¦ .
William F. Hillegass to Adelene Gish (sin
gle), lot on W line of Hillegass avenue, 200 S
of Parker street. S-, 50 by W 159.48. lot 5, block
F map No. 3, Hlllagass Tract, Berkeley; $1CO.
Marlon E. Donogh (wife oi Andrew O.) to
Ruth J. Johnston, lot on' E line of Fulton
street 200 S -of Allston way.-S 60 by E 129.43,
lot 33 Berkeley property," map 3, Blake Tract,
Berkeley; $500. . ." ~ . .
«i W. H. and Bessie M. Cornell to Charles A.
Arnold,, lots 46 to 48, block 4, "Allendale Tract.'
subject to deed of trust 4375, Brooklyn ¦ Town
shin; $10. / - : • -: -
W. H. Harter . and W. H. Bast or Best to
Emma G. Mentz (wife of Charles), lots 22 and
23, block D. and lots 18, block A, Gasklll Tract,
quitclaim deed. Oakland; $5. /¦ •¦•.••¦
Mountain -.View Cemetery ' Association to B.
H. Vance, 490 square feet In lot 72, plat 83, of
said cemetery, Oakland Township; $490. •
W. H. Stanlels to Elizabeth E. Mlel, lot 4,
block 61, town of Alameda and adjacent lands,
Anna M. Sawyer (widow) to W. F. Kroll.
lot on SE corner of Twenty-fourth and "• Web
ster streets, S 100 by E 250, portion block 2256,
maps subdivision blocks 2256, 2257 and .2258,
Valdez Tract, Oakland; $10. '
Carl Walllser to Lucy Walllser (wife), lot on
SW corner of Telegraph avenue and . Thirty
second street, S 40, .W 100.02, N- 40. to point
100.58 W of Telegraph avenue, E 100.58,' porjlon
block 2036, Rowland Tract, Oakland; gift. -^ ,
Sarah F. Sanborn to L. Curran Clark, lot on
SW line East Twenty- third street, 277:6 NW of
Twenty-first avenue, NW 50 by SW 140, - lots
21 and 22. block 73, map resubdivision block
73, N Addition to Brooklyn, East Oakland; $10.
L. Curran and Clara T. Clark (wife) to M.
S Martin (single), same. East Oakland; $10.
Louis and Lotte H. Titus to * Frederick H.
Clark lot beginning at Intersection of NE line
of Prospect street with center line of Pano
ramic way, thence SE 155.12; i E 115.43. NW
28.13 NW 50' NW 28.53, NW. 71.47, SW 45.73,
SW 15 18, SW 60.06, lot. 1. University terrace,
subject to right of way along Panoramic way,
Berkeley; $10.
Julius and Sophia Salzberger to Emanuel
Klrchhofer. lot beginning at a point on S line
of Bristol street, W- of Louisla. 200 E of Ham
ilton E 100 by S 125. lots 82 and 33 range 7," sub
divisions 6 and 7. Hardy Tract/ Berkeley; $10. 0
Aiameda County.
BEAL, ESTATE : TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1901.
13
BAIIWAT TEAVEL.
- SIEDICAL.
D0N^* ELL - A " wh0 are Blck an(S ««
v rouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been 4ieed for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
caees taken; the most obstinate caeca have
2- relicved by m y medical treatment; free
confidential advice en all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR G
W. O'DONXELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.'
MRS DR, GOODWIN, the eminent ladles' spe-
cialist has returned from Europe; most mod-
ern methods; S5 years' experience In S. F. ;
guarantees to cure all female troubles; mater-
nlty hospital; fee low. S06 Market st. opp. 4th.
THE original MRS. DAVIES. who has been In
V-Jif 1^ 6S here ror s >' ears - !s *«" located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
MRS. D. WYETH. reliable ladles' specialist;
private -home before and during: confinement;
removed from Post to 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS D . ALLEN. 1118 Market-Reliable la-
cteB specialist; a prlv. home before and dur-
lng confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HINDOOIIERB AND MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement 1126 Market Et, S. F.
MRS. D. KOHL, ladies' specialist confinement
removed from Market ct. to 410 CyFarrell st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc^
IN'TOSH & WOLPMAX. 195-1S7 Fremont et.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barrom chairs, linoleum, new and
Fecond-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship overything
In 2« hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 101S. 1021. 102J
Mission st,. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
MISFIT parlors (upstairs), a Stockton, rents
full dress. Tuxedo. Prince Albert or mourn-
ers black puits for $1 60; misfit tailor-made
suits npi Raglans for sale and to rent; a big
etock of travelers' samples In trunks, valises
and full dress reasonable.
S5 ¦ H- **- RETURN tubular boiler, complete.
t^O; to h. p. return tubular boiler, complete,
XT'0; 30 h. p. boiler and 25 h. p. engine, com-
''/lpt*. ready to run. $*30; ICO-light Edison
dynamo with Instruments, perfect. $125. H.
8. WHITE. S16 Mission st.
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones, $5 to
JIM; easy terms; children's toy graphophone*.
Jl 60; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary.
A— BUTS, tells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers water pipes, chatting, pulleys,
«tc. WHITELAW. ;a-£55 Spear st.
LUMBER, fire escape, slates, Trtndows, doors,
weights, lots of boards and pipe. 64 Silver
St.. off Third.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and eold. KROGH MFG. CO..
S-17 Stevenson rt.. pear Plrst. ¦
CA£H register (Hallwood); brand new; $55;
reduction. Apply H. F. ALLEN, 20! Califor-
nla «t.
1901 RAMBLERS. Eagles, light Stearns, Snell
end other*: 2d-hand bicycle*; cheap; send
for list LEAVITT & BILL. 809 Larkln Bt.
XEW or 2d-hand clothing, e hoe?, tools, metals,
Jewelry bought sold, exch.; 1 4-H.P. Covey;
1 2H-H.P. Hercnleg; gasoline eng. 910 Kearny.
FINE eults, $10; drees pants. $2 K. MISFIT
CLOTHKCG PARLORS. 457 Montgomery st
A— $3 60 DERBT and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 830 Kearny st, near Pine.
GOOD sand fr*e — M0 loads at corner Bush and
Devlsadero sts.
ONE friction hoist drum, brand new: cheap.
H. S. WHITE. EH Mission et
MAGJC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BIT.LARP & BRECK. 131 Post et
GASOLINE engines, all eizes, new & 2d-han<l,
and launches. J. E. DOAK. Ell Mission et
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAX SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento et
bargain list No. 17 now ready for
fj \illing. 109 Montgomery rt.
-»vR outfits, ehowcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHTVERDT. S21 Mission et
DIAMONDS, xratches. Jewelry: cash or lnstall-
ments. Theo. Ferehtand. 126 Kearny. r. 28.
EXGHCES and boilers; Eecond-hand machinery
J. BURKE. 139 Beale et ~
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California, st
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
ALL ennsed Etaroped bank checks bought; also
..;. documentary Etamps. R. Garvey. 1008 Call bid.
TILTOX wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goofo. 154 9th st ; tel. Folsom 2522.
3IOJE1- TO LOAJS".
AA^MANHATTAN^ LOAlTcOMPAiri;
5300,000 at 6 per cent in 6ums to suit City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate aad legacies. We will purchase
any of above Becurities. Tel. Red 6C24. MAa'-
HATTAX LOAN' CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
A^Y AMOUNT AT S PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate!'.
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24. Montgomery st. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at 6% or less In large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
prcblems of all eorts and tires. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
6ee HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, undivided interests, secu-
rities, manufacturing, mercantile and Umber
interests, corporation loans. R. 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANY proposition: any amount; 6 per cent on
mortgages, estates, undlx-lded Interests: chat-
\ e i m °n?f, e *' D " J * HALLORAN.
Adams building. 106 Kearny st. room 214.
TfELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
»\ lace to borrow money en diamonds. Jewelry.
\*jlanos and eealskins at lowest rate of interest.
» Grant ave.. near Market et.; tel. Black 547L
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
tt : tel. Main 1644. Branch IS Third at
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce. 1C3 Grant ave.. near
Geary et; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, let or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or cianos without removal; any amount'
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery*
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
acnurn. MORRELL. £09 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party: no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room S, Conservatory bldjr.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market gt. room 68.
HONEY loaned salaried peopla without secur-
Ity. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON real estate— « rjer cent per annum* no
brokerage. LICK. 116 McAllister Bt
8% on furniture and pianos; 115 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st
IF you want a home I Trill loan you money to
buy It A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st_
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and fils-
counts. 321 Parrott building.
ON raJaries or wages; no Indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Pbelan building.
LOANS rnoney on «alary; no Indorser; Eastern
K pla,n. Western Loan Co.. 809 Phelan bldg.
rV*~ . MOSEV WASTED.
$250 ON dividend-paying copper stock from pri-
vate party; one year; 10 per cent interest
Box C20. Call offlce.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged for & new Steinway
upright or baby grad piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
month; some good planci eold for $3, $4 and
Jo per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Rtelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Kts., fan Francisco; corner Broadway end
Thirteenth Et, Oakland. : :.¦._,.
A SPECIAL feature of our trade Is selecting
pianos for persons at a. distance who are
not fable to call; every mall brings us such
orders and If you are In need of help in this
%vay do not wait but Bend In an order at
once and we will guarantee to suit you.
Our celebrated Decker or Baumeister al-
ways give satisfaction.
The ZEXO MAUVAIS Music Co., 703 Mrkt
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS—
Hecond-hand upright pianos from $55 tip.
K»cond-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand fjrgans from $25 up; new up-
right pianos 'from 4175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. Ma-
son & Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
AJCV piano ecld by us taken back any time
• wllhiti 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
prlcr-; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
iJano from us- KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell Et. ; established 1850. •
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
sole agents lor famous and o!de.st American
make*, Including Hallet-Davis; great bar-
gain list. 130 up; Steinway. $185 up: Fischer,
VilOO; Chickering. $165; 20 others; rents $2 up;
rft«.t inducements to agents. 217 Geary st
"A POLLS" (self-playing pianos) at one-half
t>rlce this week at S32 .Market fit THE
WILEY B. ALLEN CO. '
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
-. Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally • Dally Daily,
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
" Merced.... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
11 Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalla.... S:40p 4:48 a
•• Bakrsfleld 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a ........
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago... 2:15 p 9:00 p
n, for morning, p for afternoon.
•9 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-clasa
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
-4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. nx,
daily.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express with
through ; Palace and Tourist Sleepers anrl
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out -at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Office*— 611 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land*. - ¦ - ¦.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS~-Con.
A FIRM'S failure to realize en account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos In storage to be sold at Eastern fac- :
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.
WE open a special sale of Hazelton and other
high grade pianos; also some first class sec-
ond band uprights. THE J. DEWING CO.,
room 12, Flood building. j
WANTED— Hallet Davis square pianos: $100
premium above value. HEINE. 217 Geary.
$550 PIANO, nearly new. for $225; pianos with
harp attachment. TIAMILTOX, 8 Flood bldg.
GENTLEMAN leaving town will sacrifice ele-
gant large upright piano. 40S Golden Gate ay.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.
LEFT on sale— Antlsell large upright, $126;
Steinway. $165. 217 Geary st. room 36.
$50— Emerson and 7 bargain uprights and baby
grand. Fay's Piano Factory. 1729 Mission..
WANTED— Sohmer square piano. BYRON
MAUZY. 20S-312 Post st.
ELEGANT piano as good as rew; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st. near Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
?75 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE' S
Piano Factory. Market, 14th and Church sts.
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $275.
BRUEXN*. ?08 Post st. .
ELEGANT new upright planes for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old And new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OII«. r_
OIL tanks, Eecond-hand. In good order; all
glzes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission st-
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO Lease^- 3 sunny lofts or separate, 65x60 feet;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
ply COLLINS. 500 Mission at.
DESK room to let. Mills building, room 15,
ninth floor. '¦
$«— A nice, offlce ; . gas free. Room 29, Blythe
building. 14 Grant ave.
PACIFIC, s:s— Handsome large store; rent
cheap.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 8d; tel Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
MMB. ZELLA, celebrated palmist and card
reader, from- N. Y. 15 Powell St.. parlors 1-2.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER for carpet cleanlne works. 2113
Santa Clara ave.. Alameda.
t PERSONALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der, $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments. $1 weekly. L..LEMOS, 1117 Mar-
ket st, between Seventh and Eighth.
COSMETIC ARTIST— If you want ' th» hair,
moles or marks on your face removed per-
manently, without pain or scar, call on MISS
GRUBER. 359S 18th et, corner Guerrero.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 60 per bottle. For circulars. Pinus Med.
Co.. 7»4 Valencia St. S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
HoteL 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1810-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.S.G.Moore, 332 O'Farrell; Bend for circular.
ELECTRICITY Is life; all run down systems
rejuvenated. 15 Powell st. parlors 1 and 2.
Dixon's Permanent Superfluous Hair Remover at
! druggists', hairdressers'. Free trial. 935 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
OBESITY cured; no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia st. bet. 15th and 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25o; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
TAILOR-MADE cults, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
•¦ Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st-
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
PLANING AND TURNING MILLsT~
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS, 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. CO" DONNELL— Offlce and residence,
1021% Market st, between Sixth and Seventh.
I DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at offlce, 115-117* Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. "WONG "WO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st. ; see testimonials at offlce.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton at, opp.
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALS.
$12,E00^~COST OVER $17,500.
No. 2721 Pacific ave.. near Scott st
First floor— Lane reception hall, drawing-
room, dining-room finished in oak, butler's
pantry, breakfast-room and kitchen.-, Second
floor — 4 large bedrooms, 2 baths, linen closet.
Attic— Large billiard-room, 3 bedrooms and
bath. Basement — Furnace-room, wlneroom,
laundry. 3 storerooms. Lot 27x127:8*4 ft.
WANTED— To purchase a property on Valen-
cia, Mission or Howard sts. with a frontage
of about 60 to 75 feet. W. J. GUNN, 530
California st.
SIX. seven and eight room cottages; also two
flat houses In block between 17th, 18th. Castro
and Noe sts.; % cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
SON. builder.
NEW house 7 rooms, facing Duboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day; large yard;
basement; near cor. Waller and Steiner.
GEO. H. MOORE. 63 Portola st
SPLENDID bargain — Large double house and
cottage; house 2S4-3S6 San Jose ave (corner
Twenty-sixth Et); cottage 3608 Twenty-sixth;
desirable sunny corner. Address Box 280. Call.
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room residence, with
bath; 2 blocks from park. Inquire CCO Mission.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
SPECIAL bargain— 160 acres land, near Yuba
City, Sutter County, ' short distance from
Marysville; all rich valley "land under culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
fenced, this land will be sold in whole or In
part at a very low price; Also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land; good
buildings; well fenced; short distance from
Yuba City. Sutter County; will be sold in
whole or in part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated in the heart of th© fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California andy should
be seen to ba appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers will address box 4980, Call offlce,
for information, a bargain will be Jtlven.
AN Ideal country home of 23 acres; heart o'f
Santa Cruz Mountains, 62 miles from San
Francisco; elevation 1200 feet; unexcelled place
for private sanitarium; ocean view; 145S full-
bearing fruit trees; peaches, prunes, cherries,
walnuts, pears, apples, flgs, chestnuts.
1S0O vines choicest table grapes; full bear-
ing; 2500 vines Cornichon grapes 2 years old;
this season's crop goes with place; house, 8
rooms; barn and outbuidlngs; all furniture
farming implements, livestock included. '
Postofflce, church, school, 1 mile distant*
price $4250. Address D. BRITTOX. 432 Ellis.'
AUCTION SALE. — — — — —
Fresno Loan and Saving* Bank (In liquida-
tion) will sell Its 4-story brick building and 75
pieces of city and county real estate at public
auction, ¦without reserve, at Fresno. Cal
Monday. Oct. 7. 1S0L '*
Lists containing details, etc, can be ob-
tained at offlce of Bank Commissioners 630
California Et.. or by addressing the bank at
Fresno. Cal.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California et., for parn.
' phlets and Information. t
FOR SALE or exchange for city or Oakland
groperty. 160 acres In Salinas Valley, with
ouse and outbuildings; also horses and farm-
ing Implements complete; 30 acres In full
bearing orchard. For full particulars call
on owner. 68 Ninth st, San Francisco.
FOn bargains in timber land, fruit ranches
suburban lots, farms, all through the Stute-
al-so large list of desirable city sites. See
The Phelps Lewis Co.. 702 Market st,
WANTED — A ranch in Sonoma or Napa coun-
ty for Oakland property. Apply at 1010 Broad-
way. Oakland, P. C. LASSEN & CO.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres; El
• Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222. Call.
CHOICE farm bargains; call or send for list.
Wooster. Whltton & Montgomery. 634 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL' ESTATE. .
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
. acquired by foreclosure; *A cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3250— REDUCED from must be sold at
once; If you are looking for a bargain tee
this house of 8 large rooms; 2 blocks to U. C.
groundB. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$500— WHEELER Tract lots; call and get one
before they are all gone; will double in price
inside of 2 years. W. C. MORAN & CO.
14500— REDUCED f rom ; $7500; 20 acres of land
¦nd a new 7-room house and barn; only 1
miles north of Berkeley; all fenced.
W. C. MORAN & CO.,
Lorin station and Schmidt block.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2500 — PRETTY, cozy, modern Eastlake cot-
tage of. 5 large rooms and bath, hall, bay
window, brick foundation, high basement,
etc., and all in the very best condition; street
work is all done and Etone walks are laid;
¦within 300 feet of new postofflce: 5 minutes'
walk from railroad station; adjoining prop-
erty that Is worth $200 per foot; belongs to an
estate and positively must be sold; $2500 is
the bottom price; title perfect and no mort-
gage; renting for $20 per month; -this is a
¦ good bargain and a fine investment; look into
this at once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
SUNNT, up-to-data house of 7 rooms. 1751
Twelfth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA, 1304— Three large sunny
able rooms; clean and convenient; reasonable.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two,- $12;
three, $14; three, $20; also single, $4, $5 and up.
FIFTH, 34S— Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap. :
FOLSOM, 830— Furnished housekeeping rooms.
JS and $11 per month; single, $4. ¦
JONES, 617— Pleasant, well furnished parlor
floor, 3 rooms, for rent for housekeeping.
i McALLISTER, SSS— Sunny furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping, from $12 up; every
: convenience.
MISSION. 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, complete; no children.
NEWPORT, 45 Franklin— Sunny bay wlndowj
h' keeping rooms, gas, running water; phone.
OAK, 119 — 2 large parlors. $17; single front
room, $10; sunny back room, $7; housekeeping.
POLK, 1002 — 3 and 5 room suites, ' completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
SEVENTH, 22%, near Market— Sunny house-
keeping rooms; front suite.
THE St. James, cor. Laguna and McAllister
Ets. — Large, well-furnished single room, $8;
handsomely furnished suite for light house-
keeping, $15; handsomely furnished corner
Eulte for light housekeeping, extra kitchen in-
cluded; select home for families.
TURK, 625 (Solar flats)— Fine new, Chicago
Etyle; 3 and 6 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurnished and furnished; *ltc. hot water.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ,and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth—Rooms^
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all nglht.
ARGYLE. 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAlllster-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third---200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week.
A NICE sunny suite; also single rooms; neat,
clean and cheap; bath; teL 332 Stockton et.
BACHELOR Hotel, 18 Mason st— 100 newly fur-
nished rooms, $150 per week up; elevator,
electric lights in every room, return call
bells; first-class; quiet; central.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Ma«on— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 639, corner Larkln— Sunny ¦ furnished
rooms, folding bed, mantel, from $6 up. *
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let. ¦
GEARY, 403. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOUGH, 437— Light furnished rooms, sunny;
gas, bath, single or suites.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
Et., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
BOc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; referenced;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st
LASKIE. 27. off Mission, bet. 8th and 9th—
i Sunny front parlor nicely furnished for 1 or 2;
rent ?8. -
LEAVENWORTH, 716— Sunny parlors; suitable
doctor's offlce; water, gas, phone..
' MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness — Suites new fur.; single rooms, $10 up.
McALLISTER, 465— Nice sunny room; \ gas,
bath; rent reasonable.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 930%— Laurel House; rooms to let;
no transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market St.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
OXFORD, 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suites
and single rooms. $3 week up; transient.
PIERCE. 339, bet. Page and Oak— Two fur-
nished front rooms; grate, alcove, mantel,
: gas, run. water; sunny; best car service.
PINE, 980, near Taylor— A suit of sunny fur-
nished rooms; modern improvements; reason-
able.-, •
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$S; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Elghtr*- st,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. .'
SUTTER, 320% (The Stanford)-Suites from $3
to $7; singles $2 to $5 per. week; transient.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has - been established at 1098
Valencia st. • - - - ¦
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished: reasonable In price:
suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy et, near Leavenworth.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
THE CECILERJJE, £30 Van Ness ave. '¦ .¦
WANTED— A few boarders; first-class refer-
ences given and positively required; every-
thing flrst class. Box 898, Call offlce.
California, 807— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms;
HOTEL. Repeller, 781 Sutter — Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Sunny con-
servatory suite and others: excellent board. •
ROOMS WANTED.
STEADY .man desires sunny- room; private
family; about $7. Box 862, Call.', _,
~~ SPECIAL NOTICES. • . '
$50 1 ifEWARD for the arrest and conviction of
the party or parties who destroyed the sinks'
and stole the lead pipe from 521 Mission St.
JAMES TOMPKINSON, 57 Minna st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO..' 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; teU.55S0.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 < 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged ; re-
i ' pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 15. • 145 8th. :
; : tsrid ; the -funeral ¦ to-day (Friday), at 8:30
'_ o'clock, 'from the funeral parlors of James
• L. McCarthy, 12' San Pablo avenue, thence
to St. Francis de Sales Church, where . a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery, ' San Fran-
' ci»co.
BEYERSDORF- In" this . city,- September 25,
1901, John Beyersdorf, a native of New' York
City, aged 67 years 4 months and 10 days.
ET Funeral from the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Interment • private at Mount
Olivet- Cemetery. . ' . ¦',....
BREMER (nee SEAMAN)— In this city, Sep-
tember 25, 1901, Catherine, wife of the late
Louis Bremen, dearly beloved mother. of Mrs.
¦ David F. Kenney. and Rosalia and the late
— Frank . Seaman, and sister of - Mrs. James
Butler and Mrs. D. O'Callaghan, a native o£
Donoughmore, County Cork, Ireland. • "
* E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
. (Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resf-
der.ee. 550 Fourth street, thence to St: Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul at 3
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross' Cemetery.
CARROLL— In Mill Valley, September 25, 1901.
at the residence of her sister. Mrs. J. B.
Haffen, Maria F., beloved daughter of the
late James and Hanora Carroll, a native of
¦., Boston, Mass. . , . -¦¦ ¦: j- -.:-¦. -
tCT" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
' v tend the ¦ mass at St. - Ignatius Church to-
morrow (Saturday), at 10 o'clock.,- Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLE— In Alameda, "September. 25, 1901, Herbert
H., beloved husband of Lillie Cole, father of
Lennle and Cyril Cole, and brother of Amy
Cole, a. native of England, aged 40 years 6
months and 9 days.
t^Frlends and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the resi-
. dence, 1571 Railroad avenue. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. The funeral will be
under the. auspices of Tosemite Council No.
19, D. - of P. .-
DESKIN— In this city, September 25, 1901,
William ' M. Deskin. a member of Golden
! Gate Lodge No. 3, Knights of Pythias, a na-
tive of Indiana, aged 40 years 8 months and
24 days.
C^Friends and members of the above lodge
' are invited % to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 11:15 o'clock, at the chapel In
Mount- Olivet Cemetery. Remains, at the
' (Parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany,' 405 Powell street, near Post.
FISKE — In Seattle, Septernber . 24, 1901,. Wil-
liam H., ' husband of -May "Warden Fiske,
2 only I oon of Mrs. and the late Dr. H. M.
" Flske. and brother of Mrs. S. E. Peart of
. Woodland and the late Mrs. H. S. Faull of
St. Helena. V,- , " •
IC7" Services under the auspices of Mount
Morlah Lodjere, F. and A. M., at 2100 Bush
street, San Francisco, to-morrow (Saturday),
at 2:30 o'clock.
GERDES— In the ' City and County Hospital,
September 26, 1901. John Gerdes, a native of
Germany, aged 37 years. ¦
JACKSON— In this city, September 26, 1901,
Richard R. Jackson, a member of Golden Gate
. Lodge No. 2007, G. U. O. O. F., a native of
New Tork, ased S7 years 3 months and 10
days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances .are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,,
September 29, at 2 o'clock, at Shlels building,
32 O'Farrell street, under the auspices of the
above lodce. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Remains at the parlors of the Cali-
fornia UndertaklnK Company, 405 Powell
street, near Post. :
JOHNSON— In Oakland, September 26, 1901,
Selma Josephine, beloved wife of Lenvard
Johnson, and . mother of Anna, Verla and
Roy Johnson. ,
McALEER— In this city, September 25, 1901,
John McAleer. beloved brother of the late
Andrew and Hugh McAleer, a native of
County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 69 years.
McTAVISH-In Oakland,- September- 26, 1901,
Annie McTavish, beloved mother of A. C.
and John McTavish and Mrs. E. Starkey. a
native of Scotland, aged 56 years 7 months
and 1 ¦ day.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, at
.her late residence, 1160 Fifth street, Oakland.
Interment private at Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
MANGEOT— In this city, September 25, 1901.
Augustine Victorine Mangeot, beloVed mother
of. Charles Mangeot, a native of Paris,
France, aged 79 years and 3 months.
(T7\FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend : the funeral to-day
. (Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, .from her late resi-
dence, 9 John street. ¦
MARKS— In this city, September " 25, 1901,
-Ethel, beloved daughter of William W. and
Fannie Marks, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years and 9 months. -
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
. of x her parents, 64 Hardy street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. ..
MENZIES— In this -city, September 25, 1901,
Stewart Menzies, father of Sarah Menzies
and Mrs. Agnes Last, a native of Glasgow,
Scotland, asred 70 years.
|C7"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Sunday next at 2
o'clock, at Masonic Temple, corner Post and
Montgomery streets, under the auspices of
Excelsior Lodee No. 166, F. and A. M. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cernetery.
MURPHY— In this cityr* September 23, 1901,
Margaret, . beloved wife of . Charles Murphy,
and mother of Hugh, May, Sibbieiund Mar-
garet Murphy, a native of County Derry.
Ireland, aged 54 years 8 months and 13 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, -from her late resi-
dence, 431 Twenty-flf th avenue, Richmond
district, thence to Star of ttie Sea Church.
.Eighth avenue, where a requiem macs will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul.,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
NICKELS— In this city, September 25, 1901.
Jacob Nickels, beloved husband of Caroline
F. Nickels, and father of Jacob F. Nickels,
Mrs. Bertha Pfau and Mrs. Julia Leopold, a
native of Elbing, Germany, aged 80 years 4
months and 15 days.
CTFrienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully • Invited to .attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 12 o'clock, from his lat« resi-
dence, 40 Page street, thence to Drvld Hall,
413 Sutter street, where the services will be
held, commencing at 1 o'clock sharp, under
the auspices of Grant Lodge, U. A. O. D.,
Eureka Heln No. 4. U. A. O. D., Hermann
; Lodge No. 143. I. O. O. F.. Wildey Encamp-
ment. I. O. O. F. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
NYMANS— In this city, September 26, 1901, at
251 Perry street, Gustaf, beloved son of Gus-
taf and Rika Nymans, a native of San Fran-
. cisco, aged 3 years 5 months and 10 days.
raw— In this city, September 26, 1901. Robert
Sunter, beloved husband of Mary Elizabeth
Raw, and father of Flora I. Raw, a native of
Illinois, aged 60 years.
TAYLOR— In Melrose, Cal., September 26, 1901.
i John F. Taylor, beloved father of Stanford
W. Taylor and Emma J. Foster, a native of
Augusta, Maine, aged S6 years and 2 months.
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market. Remains at the
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
' pany, 405 Powell street, near Post.
WILLIAMS— In this city, September 26, 1901,
Thomas Williams, a native of Plymouth,
England, aged 38 years and 4 montHs. 1 A
member of Court Southern Heights No. 1150,
I. O. F., and Burnaby Lodge No. 194, Sons
of St. Georre. . . . ~ • -
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 29, at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. = 624 Connecticut street, off Twentieth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car from. Eighth and Harrison
t streets. .•¦¦-.¦ - ,
storage: and warehouses.
pTEllC^Ml^OL^H^Stwa^^
office Post- and- Powell sts. ;¦ tel. . Main 5713. .
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mls-
. slon st; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van & Storage" Co., .722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES. :
GREAT BARGAINS lN~TYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
, house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter.
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITERS. Id-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
UN^^^TT^T^aHforrna^^NoticT^o^Co^T- ¦
tractors. Builders , and Material Men — Notice
Is hereby given to all concerned that sealed
proposals or bids are solicited for the heat-'
Ing and plumbing of a building, to wit: A
.residence for the President of said University
at Berkeley, California, and ror performing
the labor and furnishing the materials, nec-
essary therefor; . and said bids or proposals
¦will be rerelved at the office of the Regents
of the University of California, In the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art, corner of Mason
and California streets, San Francisco, Cali-
i fornla, -m or before 12 o'clock m. of the 3£Sth
¦ day of September, 1C01.
And notice is ' hereby further given that
the plans and specifications of said building
and of said work to be performed and mate-
rials furnished thereon have been made and
; adopted and are placed in the office of.Al-
. bert • Plssis, , Architect, . 307 Sansome etreet,"
' San Francisco, where the same may be seen
and examined during each day .from 9
o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock p.m. from this
'day until 12 m. on the 30th day of Septem-
ber, 1901. : . .
No bids or proposals will be considered
unless the same are accompanied by a cer-
tified check or a bond of 'said proposer in the
•• sum of ten (10) per cent of his proposal, with
sufficient sureties, conditioned that if said
bid or proposal shall be accepted, the party
proposing will duly enter into a proper con-
tract to faithfully perform the duty and ob-
ligations in accordance "wltn said proposal
and plans and specifications, which shall be
and are hereby required to be a part of such
contract. The right to reject any and all
bids Is hereby reserved. * ¦¦ .
This notice Is given pursuant to an act en-
titled, "An Act to Amend an Act entitled,
'An Act to create and Organize {he Univer-
sity of California,' approved March 23, 1868,
and an Act amendatory of Section 25 thereof,
approved March 28, 1872. relating to the con-
struction of. buildings,',' approved March 3,
' 1S97.
if By Order of ' tha Committee on Grounds
' and Buildings. '
"W. A. McKOTVEN. Acting Secretary.
Dated September 19. 1301. . ¦
PROPOSALS— State prison supplies and power
. —Sealed proposals will be received at the of-
• flee of the clerk"*-at the State prison, San
Quentin. until 10:30 a. m., Saturday, the
fifth day of October, 1901, at which time and
place they will be opened In the presence
of bidders, for furnishing fuel coal, fuel oil,
and electric power, or other power to run
the Jute mill at San Quentin, from, the 1st
day of January, 1902, to the 30th day " of
June, 1902, inclusive. Each bidder must ac-
company his bid with a certified check in the
sum of one thousand dollars upon some well-
known and responsible banking-house, pay-
able to R. M. Fitzgerald, president of the
i board, conditioned that the bidder will enter
into a contract upon notice of acceptance, as
required by law. All payments made on con-
tracts will be paid in cash or Controller's
warrants. Bidders will carefully follow the
conditions of the schedules, and all bids must
be made upon the schedules, which will be
furnished upon application to the Clerk of
the Board, at San Quentin, Cal. . The Board
reserves the right to reject any and all bids,
as the publlo interest may require, and- to
order any quantity under or over the amount
specified in the schedule.
R. M. FITZGERALD. President.
J. M. OLIVER. Clerk. . . .-¦
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Michel Capdevielle, 40, Hanford, and Lucie
Meylon, 37, Hanford. - ¦ -
Hans Klelnleln, 28, 326 Haight - street. ' and
Elizabeth Collins, 23, 214 Scott street.
Giaeomo Verduccl, 37, 323 Vallejo . street, and
Provldenza Compasno, 24, 323 Vallejo- street.
Rafael R. Dias, 30, 1021 Sutter street, and
Conception Lorenzo, 34, 1021 Sutter street.
Gustav Meyer. 34, 916 Montgomery street, and
Elisabeth Tormullen, 33. 315 Broadway.
Giuseppe Arone, 45. 1527 Church street, and
Maria M. Pandolfl, 24, city.
Benjamin Jones, 61, New Tork City, and
Josephine Buckley, S6, city.
Robert H. Atkinson, 26, 4118 Twenty-fourth
street, and Nell I. Eckert, 16. 4118 Twenty-
fourth, street. -¦ . . ... ..
•Malcolm R. J?axter, " 23.- Oakland, and "Llllie
M. Ross, 20, Oakland. ¦
James D. Kirknattlck, 29, 647 Minna street,
and Theresa A. Krauss, 23, 1510V4 Broadway. •
Robert Shenson, 21, 955 Folsom street, and
Ida Miller, 20. 341 Clementina street.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of -the publication offices a»Jd be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
.BORN. :
OSWALD— In this city, September 24. 1901, to
"the wife of Henry Oswald, a daughter.
WARNOCK— In San Quentin, September 22,
1901, to the wife of George A. Warnock, a
daughter.
I MARRIED.
BAXTER— ROSS— In this city, September 26,
1901, by the Rev. Herbert F. Brlggs, pastor
of Central M. E. Church, Malcolm R. Baxter
and Lillie M. Ross, both of Oakland.
DEUCHER— CLERC— In this city, at St. Fran-
cis Church, by the Rev. Father. Wlel, Gott-
fried Deucher and Helen Clerc.
FRAZER— ABBEY— In j this city, September 8,
1901, by Justice of the Peace Percy V. Long,
C. R. Frazer.and Maria M. Abbey. ¦ . „
GRAHAM— BROWN— In this city, September
26, 1901, by the Rev. Herbert F. Briggs, pas-
tor of Central M. E. Church, Benton A.
Graham of -Bella Vista, Cal., and Helen
Brown of Tolo, Cal.
LAMM— CHRISTMAN— In this city. September
25, 1901, at the Mlzpah Presbyterian Church,
by the Rev. F. A. Doane, Charles M. Lamm
and Emelia Chrlstman, . both of San Fran-
' Cisco. ./ • •
NICOLAS— GONSALIN— In this city, Septem-
ber 26, 1901, by Thomas F. Dunn. Justice of
the Peace, Jean Nicolas and Maria Gonsalln,
both of San Francisco.
TANK— LEU— In • Alameda, at the German
Lutheran Christ Church, September 25, 1901,
by the Rev. W. Brandes, Henry P. Tank
j and Henrietta A. Leu, both of Alameda.
TOMBLER— ANDERSON— In this city, Sep-
tember 26, 1901, at St. Luke's Episcopal
Church, by the Right Rev. Ethelbert Talbot,
John O. Tombler and Edna C. Anderson,
bfith of San Francisco.
«tfER MEHR— LEE— In Sacramento, September
'25, 1901, by the Rev. Charles B. Miel. Leon-
. ard M. ver Mehr and Irene E. Lee.
WILLIAMS— FARR— In this city. September
25, 1901, by/ the Rev. William Rader, Town-
send S. Williams and Lottie C. Farr.
~ ________ -
Bailey, Newton G. ; McAleer, John
Bailey, E. J. ? 'McTavish, Annie
> Beyersdorf, John ' Mangeot, Augustine
Bremer, Catherine . " Marks. Ethel ,
Carroll. Maria F. •" Menzies, Stewart
L Cole, Herbert H. Murphy, Margaret
Deskin. W4111am M. Nickels, Jacob
Fiske, William H. ¦_ Nymans, Gustaf
GerdeB. John - • Raw. Robert S.
Jackson, Richard R. Taylor, John F.
Johnson. Selma J. Williams, Thomas
BAILEY— In this city, September. 26, 1901,
Newton G., beloved husband of Lena Bailey,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 64 years.
¦ (E7"Remains at the mortuary. chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first.
BALLEY— In Oakland, September 25, 1901, E.
J. Bailey, beloved brother of Mrs. Alexander
Forbes and Mrs. G. A. Grifflng, a native of
England, aged 63 years.
(E^Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
liENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. > Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. T
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ban Mateo ' County.
OFFICE 910 MARKET STREET. ~~
J. HENDERSON. . Manager.
JAMBS McGINN,
i Formerly -with McGinn Bros., has onon«,i
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st bS?
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South '676
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
_ 27 and 29 Fifth St.". Tel.. South : 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS 'AND EMBALMERS.
Finest Equipment J at Moderate '• Rates.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel' McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers'. ' Association ; M. J.
McBrearty,- with the same • company ' for 10
years; P. : F.: Green; late withJ. C.'O'Connor
& Co., have opened new Funeral Parlors at
1171 Mission street, between - Seventh and
Eighth/Telephone South 44. ,. ." • -.- . :.".¦ ;> .,
uijiMNnua. . - • ' •¦¦•«« ¦•¦ nun.
V&tZl WEEK DAY3 J «=§;¦ J
8.00 a. u.) K 12:16 F.ic.
9«0a. M. 1.15 r.u.
10KX)a.>c. I bUNDATI i ZSOr.tt.
, 130 F. M. v*- 6«0 r. K.
2MV. M.J vv.;fe,:^ 7:10r.ifc
Fare. 8«a VrtMlM* Is Smnnfi sad latarn, tl.M
Ticket Omces. 621 Market St.; & SaosalUo Perry.
MOUNT TAM ALPAIS RAILWAY
;: TU BwBtt Fsny-Fsol tf K«rttt It ¦
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFI8
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry, Foot of Martiirt MX
' San Francisco to San Rafael. !* "- K%
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. ra.; 1233.
E 3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— extra trips at: l:aO
and 11:30 p. ra.
EUNDAYS-8:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:33. 3:10.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco. ¦
"WEEK DATS- 6:10, 7:30, 9:20, 11:10 a, ra.- 12-45,
»:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at i:3i
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. J-40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m.
~ Leave I In Effect J Arrive HV- :
San Francisco. [April 23. 1901. ( SanjVancigco. r .
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I wlek"
Days. I days. - [ Destination. | days. | Diy 3 .
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 anil 8:<0 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:55 am
6:10 pmf 5:00 pm Santa Itosa. 7:35 pral 6:10 pm
— — j-uiton. ¦ ¦ j.-,-)
7:30 am Windsor. . l()::s ttra
5:00 pm Healdsburs, 10:40 am
• Lytton.
. Geyswllle.
3:30 pm 8KK> am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6::o pra
7:30 am) 5:00 pral Hopland 110:40 am|10::5 am
1:30 pm| 8:00 am[ and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 8:20 pn\
7:30 am 10:40 aniilO::5~am
8:00 am ! Guernevllle. 7:3S pmf
8:30 pm 5:00 pm | g : ;p p m
7:30 am 8:00 am - Sonoma 9:15 am 3:40 am -
and
B:10pm B:Q0pra Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm t:I0pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami - ' 110:40 am|10:2S am
_3:30 pm| 6:00 pmf. EebastopoL 1 7:35 pm| 6:2) pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark 'West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs- at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Clovei-dato
for the Geysers; at Hopland for ¦ Duncan
Springs, Highland SDrlnsrs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Battlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs.'. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lake?. Laurel Dell Lake. 'Witter
Springs. TJppar - Lake. - Pomo. Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's. Buckni»ira!
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Git's 'Hot
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. "West-
port. Usal, Willits. Laytonvllle, Cummins
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Sootli
and Eureka, • % x- ¦.
Saturday to Monday roand-trlp tickets at re- '
duecd rates.
On Sundays round-trio tickets to all point a
beyond San Rafael at half rate*. •-»<.¦»
Ticket office. - 630 Market j street. Chronlela
buUdins. ¦
H. C. WHITING, :*: R. X. RTAV
Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass Ajrt.
THE WEEKLY ME
per Year,
A for Morning. . P for A fternoon.
t Sunday excepted. 1 Sunday only,
a Saturday only. « Monday.
« Saturday anl Sunday, / Tuesdays and Friday*.
RAILWAY TBAVEL. '
THE SHORT Lllsi
RATE TO
Buffalo
Exposition
ROUND TRIP
3*A DAYS TO BUFFALO.
4 DAYS TO NEW YORK.
(4 Hours Ahead of All Competitors.
THREE TRAINS DAILY
PULLMAN AND TOURIST SERVICE
SPECIAL.
Personally Conducted Tourist Excursion
leaves San Francisco at 8 a. m., Sactamento
at 11:55 a. m.. October 4th. ..,,:¦ ,',.
TICKETS ON SALE -
OCTOBER 3d and 4i:h.
D. "W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
1 Montgomery St., S. F.
SOUTHERN PACIFIOJ
TTAlMl l0Nf ft lantl nrm ltm«* la ttrrltS Aft
nan ruaRCMCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
'XMATM — FBOM JCI.T 14. 1901. — AMtIT«
¦ ~:OOa Beukda, Suisun, Elmlra and 3acr».
memo. SiS-lv
TiOOi. V*»Tille, Winter*. Runney 7:35?
7«3« a. Martinez, Sail Uauiou, VAlldjo, K»pa,
CalUtuga and NanU Rosa 0i23»
StO«A DaTb, Woodland. Knlgau Landing,
iUrjrsTllle. Oro»ille_ . . . , 7i3-1»
SiOOa Atlantic Kipresa— Ogdeu and EmI 12:23p
S:O»a Nilea, Lithrop, Stockton , 7x»a»
, SiOOa NUm, Merulota. Hanford. Vfealia,
Porterrille 4>33»
SsSUa Shasta Expreas— Dafia, Williams (for *
* Bartlett Springs), Willows, Red
Bluff, Portland... „ 7i33»
• i3Oa Ban .lode, Lltermexe. Stockton.
Jon., Sacramento, PlaceriiMo,
- Unry»nie. Cbico, Kail ItlutT 4tZSr
' SiSOa Oakdale. Chinese (YosemiM), So-
nora. Carters 4:2~i?
DtOO* Hay ward, Nile* and Way SUUoui.. ll:.13«.
0i«Oa Vallejo :ia:23»
ViOOa Loe Angeles Express — Martinez,
Traoy, Lathrop, ritockton. Merced
Fresno and Los A n»e!ea 7:23*
BtltOA Vallrln. Martinez aixl Waf Station! 7:-?3r
IQiVOA Ths OTerland Limited— Ogdeo. Dea-
der, Omaha. Chicago Si33r
fliOOp Sacramento Kher dietmern *3:0»A
t:3Or Hajward, Nile* ami Vf*j Hutloa*.. 7:33r
4i00r Bonlcla, Winters, Haeramamo.
Woodland. Knlglita landing.
M»rrs«llle, Oro.llle 10:33*
4iOOr Martin?*, Hau lUinon, Va!Ie]o,
Napa. <;allatox». HanU Kora »i23*
4:00? Nlie«, LlTermoro. Stockton. Lodi... 12.25?
4i3»p Hay-ward, Nlles, Han. J one. Urcrmor* 1.H:.%3a
4>3Op Port Gosra, Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton 1 u:23a
SsUOp The Owl IJmltsd— Fresno, Tulare,
JUkentleiil, Satigiis for Santa 1!m- '
bara, Los AiiKrlei 8:334
SsOOr Mariln'Z. Antioch. Stockton. Mer-
ced. Frosno 12:23?
5iO>»f Yoaemita 12:25#
SiUQr Netr Orleans Express — Mentiota,
Fresco, BakersCe.d, Los Aogeles.
Demise £1 Paso, New Orleans
•nd Ernst 7s33a
•iftOr Barward, Nilea and Han Jos* 7:33 a
tO:0Or Vallejo 1 1:254
«iOi)f Oriental Mall-Ogden. Chejenno.
Omaha, Chiangs 1»:23»
¦ sOOp Oriental Mall— Ogdea, Dentar.
St. Louis. Chicago. . 4:23»
7»#Or Oregon ami California Ki|>rt<M,Maa-
ritlitBiitn. iWrtrymillp, JCediltng,
l'ortlaml. l'nget Sound ami Kagk S:33&
BiO.tr Ban Pablo. Furt Coata, Martian
and Way Stations IIsZSa.
l»;05r Vallejo 7;S»»
COAST LINE (Narrow (Jungs).
- • (Foot of Market Street) -."- <¦¦¦¦¦'¦¦_&¦
{7:43a Banta Cruz Excursion to Hanta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JJ:03»
8: 1 3 A Newark. C'eiiterTllle..Sau.)oB«, l<>!ton.
Boulder Ureak.Santa Crux and Way
tttatioiis iJ.OO»
fSil Or Newark, CenterTllle. Ban Joae, New
Alraadon, Felton, I'onliler Creek,
Santa Crtu and l'rlneip&l Way
• Station* |i>:."ll>A
4il9p Newark. San Joo«. Lo» Gatoa " £*><*•«
«4sl3f Glenwood.Bonlder Creek. SantftCrnt «Hs3<>a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
mm S1.I mSHSCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8>—
t7:lU 9.00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:03 iCZr.M.
ftMOiIUID— rwl.rBroidwiT.— fu-.oo {11:00 tS.-OS
i 10:00*. m. 12:03 8:00 l-.ZJr.u. *
COAST LINE (Itron.l (Jaiipe).
(Third mid Townseml Sts.)
1 OiIOa San Jose and Way ritations. iilaiFJ*
*7:«Oa Han Josenml Way SUU.iiw li.t«p
/7i«»A New Alitmden / 1:10*
f7sISOA Sunday Eicursion for San Jcfe.
Santa Cruz, Paeiilo GroTe and
Principal Way Station* llfiO*
I *iO»a Han .loa». HoUist«r. Hunt* <!rnz.
Pad lie Wrote, Salinas, Saa Lois
Oblapo. 8anU Barbara and Prin.
dpa; intermediate Stations '7:3CT
lOtSOA Ban Jtae and Way Stations. i3:3O*
HiSOa HmJouiuiil Way MUtinns iiillur
t2:-13p San Mateo. Kedwoor), Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Hanta Clara, SatiJoge,
Hol'Uter, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific OrnTe 110:43 a
¦iSOr San Jo«e, Tres Pinos. Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove and Way Stations 41:1 »»
t4:I8r Sail Joa« ami Principal Way Stations !):-»•» a
t3:OOrSan Jose, Los Gatoa and Principal . -
WayStatious t!»:OO»
SiSOr San Joteaori Principal Way Stations !}:5Sa
OiOOr Redwood, San Jowi, Gilrcy, Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Lost Asgsles...... 10:03*
fliftOr San Jose and Way Stations fKiO"*
«lli4»r 8an Jogeand Way StaUnps 7:3D»
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
O29 KEABKY ST. Established
In 1S54 for the treatment of Prlvata
Diseases, Lost Manbood. Debility or
filspaae wearingon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
Carocnarnntrrd. Callorwrit*
l>r. J. JT. GIBBON. Sau .Francisco. Cal. -
Commencing April 2S, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. .
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. »9:30. U"T». m^
12:45, n:45. 3:15, 4:15, 6:15, •6:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on - Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. - ,-
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »9:00, »10:00, 11:00. 11:30
a .m., 12:45.' »1:SO, 2:30. •3:45, 5:00," 6:00. 7:30
p. m. /ll:00 a, m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. ¦ • ' '
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:23. 6:27. 7:47, 8:35, 10:15
a m., *12:25. 1:15, 2:20. *3:35. 4:40, 5:30 p. m. -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, . Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, •8:00, »:45, ni:00 a. m. *U
m.. 1:00. 2:15.* «3:a>. 4:30., •5:45. «;45. 7:30. Mao
p. "ri>. .
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45, 7:55. 8:55. 10:34
8, m., 12:35. 1:45.-2:45. 8:60, 6:10. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:35, 8:00, 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12-«
1:20. 2:30. 8:45. 6:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m. ,
,.'-.. THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions v ¦-' - * • •'- -¦
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. • - . ¦¦' • ¦ ¦
g.-OC a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and . way sta-
tions. - . . • ¦ -.
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and war sta-
tions. .
Via Sausallto F*rry.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.from its ' territory . lawless and indigent per
sons who are . dangerous to the I peace of the
State, and we call upon the National Govern
ment to refuse to admit: foreigners into this
country ' when they cannot enter without put
ting the nation in evident danger or doing it
manifest injury.
We demand that the laws now in force, pro
hibiting and regulating the coming into this
country of Chinese persons, and persons of
Chinese descent, be continued in force, and
that the acts of Congress to prohibit the com
ing of Chinese persons Into the United States
be re-enacted at the next session of Congress,
subject to such changes as may be necessary
to render the legislation more effective. iAnd
we recommend that such laws be mad4 ap
plicable to Japanese persons and persons of
Japanese descent.
"We deplore industrial disturbances, - how-
. We earnestly hope that the governments of
the world will unite in suppressing anarchists
and the causes which produce anarchy.- We
favor the rigid exclusion and deportation - of
alien anarchists and the severe punishment of
all anarchists. •.¦¦¦. ¦ ¦-. ¦.¦:¦¦¦¦:
We affirm the right of this country to expel
Would Suppress Anarchists.
We declare that, although President McKin
ley "sleeps the sleep that knows no waking,"
in a martyr's grave, the public institutions for
which he offerea up his precious life can never
perish: law and -order must and shall
prevail. and the policy of President
McKinley cannot be arrested in its
triumphal progress by the hand of anarchy.
Courageous as a soldier, supreme as a states
man, glorloua in public career and exemplary
in private virtue, without an Ignoble, mem
ory in his radiant life, President McKinley
was, for all the world, . the highest type ot
American manhood. The assassination of
President McKinley directs public attention
to the inadequacy of the protection for our
Presidents. The greater the crime, the greater
should be the punishment. ¦• . .;-
We demand a constitutional amendment en
abling the enactment of a law . making any
assault upon the person of the President of
the United States, wheresoever committed,'
treason against the nation, and of exclusive
.Federal jurisdiction. . ' ' -
"The Republican party of the city and county
of San Francisco, and the delegates thereof,
convened in municipal convention, pursuant
to law, hereby promulgate and publish thu
following declaration of principles and party
platform: , • ". •
"We affirm our loyalty to the ] Republican
party, Indorse the administration of the Na
tional Government by its distinguished lead
ers and pledge our hearty support to those
sacred Republican principles which elevate a
nation and make its people pure and powerful.
Platform of Republican Party.
We.' the committee on platform and resolu
tions, selected at convention assembled in tho
city and county of San Francisco September
16, 1901, herewith submit the following plat
form and resolutions as our unanimous report,
and recommend, the adoption of the same by
the convention. • > ¦
•The reason I signed that report was that I
thought it was -a -matter that should be sub
mitted to the convention. I was a member of
that committee and. opposed the motion as pre
sented by the chairman of the committee on
order ! of business, that the chairman ¦ of the
convention ¦ should ' appoint the County Com
mitteemen at large. I thought It was a mat
ter for the district ¦ entirely, and furthermore
there were only twelve members present and
voted on motion. The- recorded vote was seven
for and five against. There being this division
In the committee I thought It but fair that
the -matter should be submitted to the conven
tion:^
Kelly had" just ceased talking, when one
of the delegates "seated in the rear of the
hall required the " assistance of ¦ a couple
of police officers to prevent him from dis
rupting the meeting.' A number of dele
gates who followed spoke in favor of the
minority report. - Further debate . ¦was
closed by moving the previous question.
On the call of the* roll the vote stood:
For the minority report, 86; against the
report, 271. The majority report was then
adopted by an almost unanimous vote.
General R. H. "Warfleld presented the
following as the report of the committee
on platform" and resolutions: g
Chairman Riordan ordered the call of
the roll, but Marc Anthony of the Thirty
ninth and A. M. Currie of the Thirty
eighth districts took the floor in favor of
the minority report. Martin Kelly fol
lowed, speaking as follows:
Martin Kelly Takes the Floor.
We report in favor of all the recommenda
tions made by the majority : except ¦ as ¦ to -the
formation of the new County 'Committee, and
in this regard we recommend that instead of
the County Committee .consisting ¦• of ninety
members, four appointed from each district
and eighteen at large by the chair, that the
County Committee consist of ninety members
selected five by each district delegation In this
convention.. ¦ ' ..-¦
The undersigned, a minority of your, commit
tee on permanent organization and order of
business, respectfully submit the following as
a minority report of said committee: . . . j
report, but before the motion was put J.
J. Murry and Martin Kelly presented the
"following minority report!.' '
McKinley Memorial Fund.
Following is the status of the McKinley
memorial^ fund to date: '
Previously reported .'..¦................... ;|4,63l 65
Dr. 1 Washington'-Dodge.. '.•..... io oo
Kdmnnd Godchaux ...'.... 10> 00
Teachers Burnett Grammar School...... '14 00
Miss D ......~ ' i io
Assessor's office '. '60 50
. ! • ¦ ¦ .' ¦ • ' — ,
-Total to date........... $4,716 23
Dr. L. A. Alyey has removed to St. Ann's
Bldg., 6 Eddy St., 3d floor,.rooms 45-48. •
Walter N: Dlmmick, ex-chief clerk of
the Mint, appeared in the United States
District Court yesterday morning and
pleaded not guilty to the first,. third and
fourth counts of the indictment against
him.' The second count was quashed on
demurrer. Later in the day the Federal
Grand Jury came into court and presented
a new and corrected indictment charging
Dimmlck with the larceny of 530,000 from
the Mint.' Judge de Haven nxed the bail
at $30,000 on the new Indictment. The
date for the trial has not been fixed.
Dimmick Pleads Not Guilty.
Roanoke Rye, Honey and Horehound.
Get it. You'll not regret it. •
\ The Election Commission met yesterday
and refused to heed the protest of the
Socialist Labor party against granting a
certificate of nomination to the Socialist
Democratic party for the next election.
The last named party was given permis
sion to change its name to Socialist party.
Socialist Party Troubles.
Samuel Hill MoCfett. master of the Chil
ian steamer Tucapel, was arrested yester
day on complaint of Immigrant Inspector
Schel! for having unlawfully landed an
alien immigrant on June 30 of this year.
On that date the steamer arrived from
Valparaiso with a stowaway on board,
and Captain Schell served a written no
tice upon the purser not to allow the
stowaway to come ashore without per
mission of the Immigration Bureau. In
6plte of this official warning the stowaway
escaped. Captain Moffett explained that,
being on board a foreign vessel in a
United States port, he did not think that
he had authority to put a stowaway in
irons or to imprison him on the steamer.
Captain Moffett was released on a $500
bond. •
Violated the Immigration Laws.
There is only one reason why you shouldn't
drink Jesse Moore "AA" Whiskey— That's be
cause you have signed the pledge. •
Said County Committee shall consist of
ninety members at large, to be chosen as fol
lows: Four to be nominated and selected by
each of the delegations from the eighteen As
sembly districts and eighteen to be appointed
by the chairman of this convention. ¦ ,
• We recommend that all speeches, either on
nominations of candidates for office or on mo
tions . or resolutions, be limited to five min
utes and that no delegate shall speak more
than twice on any subject.
We recommend that all resolutions shall be
referred to the committee on platform and
resolutions without reading- or debate
We recommend that all nominees of this con
vention, except the nominees for Judges of
the Police Court, shall appear before this con
vention and Indorse the platform and pledge
themselves to support the nominees of this
convention. >
We recommend that each delegate to the con
vention who shall nominate a candidate for
public office shall donate to the convention the
sum of $10. ' •
DInkelsplel moved the adoption of tho
Ninety County Committeemen.
We recommend the following as the order of
business of this convention: Report on com
mittee on platform and resolutions; nomination
of Mayor; nomination of Auditor; nomination
of District Attorney: nomination of County
Clerk; nomination- of Sheriff; nomination of
Treasurer: nomination of Recorder; nomination
of City Attorney; nomination of Public Ad
ministrator; nomination of Tax Collector; nom
ination of Coroner: nomination of two Judges
for the Police Court: nomination of eighteen
Supervisors; nomination of members of the
County Committee.
We further recommend that the following
gentlemen be made permanent assistant sec
retaries: W. H. Rlckard, Thomas Wilson, A.
\V. Branch. Henry S. Madison.
Your committee recommends .that the follow
ing gentlemen be made permanent vice chair
men of this convention: Edmund Tauszkv,
John R. Hillmaii. ?
At 8:20 p. m. Chairman Thomas D. Rlor
dan called the delegates to order and re
marked about the catcalls and hootlngrg
that marked the first session. Frank
French of the committee on elections re
ported -there were no contests between
delegates. .Chairman. H. .G. W.. Dlnkel
splel of the committee on permanent or
ganization and order of business present
ed the following report: • • ¦ ¦
Calls Convention to Order.
There is still talk of another candidate,
wnose identity is not disclosed to the pub
lic. This is said to account for the unan
imity with which the delegates voted for
adjournment. The Forty-first District
delegates are still firm in their purpose to
place the name of C. A. Murdock before
the convention as their choice for Mayor.
The Herrin and Burns forces are so
formidable in the convention that the In
dependents, desiring the nomination of
special favorites, are swinging toward the
railroad for help. It was common talk
last night that the railroad delegations,
combined with available independents,
could execute a programme of nomina
tions. . The question is, "Will the pro
gramme be changed and some other as
pirant than Wells be slated for Mayor?"
It was observed by the politicians that
the platform indorsed the national ad
ministration, but had no word of commen
dation for the State administration of
Governor Gage. It is Just possible that
General Warfield and his associates de
liberately gave Gage the overlook."
Insiae intelligence is to the effect that
Herrin, Burns and Goldberg have not
fully determined to put Auditor Wells for
ward for Mayor.
A motion to , adjourn the convention
until next Monday evening was not re
sisted by either the Wells or Laumelster
forces. Many delegates expressed the
opinion that a ballot last night would
have resulted in the nomination of Asa
R. "Wells for Mayor. ! Many of Wells' sup
porters seemed surprised that advantage
was not taken of Kelly's defeat in his
efforts to deprive Chairman Thomas D.
Riordan of the power to appoint eighteen
County Committeemen at large.
tested the fact that Boss Mar
tin Kelly could not rally more than
eighty-six votes to the' support of a propo
sition emanating from a minority of the
committee on order of business. The Pri
mary League delegations in the conven
tion voted almost solidly against Kelly's
measure. The five Grand Hotel delegates
were lost somehow in the shuffle.
THE session of the Republican
Local Convention held last even
ing at B'nai B'rith Hall was brief,
yet its limited proceedings at-
THE CALL'S ARTIST PICTURES SOME PROMINENT DELEGATES WHO TOOK A CONSPICUOUS PART IN THE
PROCEEDINGS OF THE REPUBLICAN MUNICIPAL CONVENTION, WHICH HELD A SHORT BUT INTER
ESTING SESSION IN B'NAI B'RITH HALL LAST EVENING. • - .
W. J. Wynn suggested that the unions
be requested to furnish the names of all
members and that appeals to them to do
missionary work be at once sent out. It
is expected in this way to enlist about
20,000 union men in the cause.
The question of finance was quickly set
tled. As each candidate is allowed to ex
pend 10 per cent of his first year's salary,
it was decided that 30 per cent of this
amount should at once be placed at the
disposal of the executive committee, fur
nishing a working capital of more than
$1600.
Chairman Millmore announced the ap
pointment of J. T. Nenahy, John Mont
gomery. John Brown, P. H. Kelly and D.
A- Desmond as a purity committee.
A joint meeting of the candidates recent
ly nominated by the Union Labor party
and the executive campaign committee
was held yesterday afternoon at Native
Sons' Hall to discuss ways and means of
conducting the coming municipal cam
paign. There was a large attendance, Jo
seph Millmore, chairman of the late con
vention, presiding. Eugene E. Schultz,
nominee for Mayor, outlined the reasons
for the meeting.
Many ideas were advanced as to the best
course to be followed. The committee was
authorized to procure central headquar
ters and open them at once. As soon as
possible clubs will be organized in each
Assembly district, and at least two mass
meetings will be held in each one. Metro
politan Hall has been secured for the final
rally on the night preceding the election.
Missionary work for those districts
wherein the majority of employers reside
will be made a special feature.
to Begin Active Canvass.
Union Labor Party Nominees Ready
PREPARE CAMPAIGN PLANS.
Regarding tte accident Bibber said:
"My wife and 1 came over from Oakland
to attend the show at the Orpheum.
Pierce, who is an old friend, boarded the
car and I was :n the act of shaking hands
with him when we were run into by the
Ellis street car. The motorman of the lat
ter car failed to give any warning of our
ganger, notwithstanding that he must
have known that the accident was inevi
table. My wife escaped being seriously
injured by jumping to one side when the
cars came together."
Delaney boarded the car at Third street,
and when near Stockton he handed the
conductor 50 cents.
"I was waiting for my change," he said
when giving hit. version of the accident,
"when suddenly the Ellis street car
crashed into the one on which I was rid
ing. My legs were pinioned against the
etep of the car, and for a time I thought
it was all off with me. Just then a num
ber of men pulled the Ellis street car
back, thus freeing my legs. As I started
to step off the car I fell, my ankles re
fusing to support my body.. Some police
men picked me up and carried me into the
drugstore. I am positive that the motor
man of the Ellis street car did not ring
the bell or give any warning cry. In my
opinion the accident was due to criminal
carelessness on the part of the motor
man."
The Ellis street car, which was badly
damaged, was thrown off the track by the
collision.
A few seconds after the accident hap
pened Police Officers Beach, Mulcahey,
i3riscoll and Sylvester appeared on the
scene and carried the injured to the drug
store at Market and Stockton streets.
Bibber and his wife soon recovered and
left for their home in Oakland. . Delaney
and Pierce were sent later to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where their injuries were at
tended to.
Bibber and Pierce were shaking hands
when the collision occurred. The former
was cut about the right arm and was
generally bruised about the body. Pierce
had his ankle dislocated and his face cut
by flying glass. Delaney was standing at
Pierce's side. He was caught between the
cars and had both ankles broken.
Car 569 of the Ellis street line crashed
into west-bound Halght-strcet car 15*5 at
Market and Fourth streets last night, in
juring four passengers. The wounded are
Thomas Bibber and wife, who reside in
Oakland; Howard Pierce, an agent for
the National cash register, and J. M. De
laney. a marine engineer, who lives at
651% Howard street.- The injured were all
passengers on the Halght street car.
It was a few minutes after 8 o'clock
when the accident occurred. The Ellis
street car had reached the junction of
Stockton and Market streets and was pro
ceeding across the latter when it crashed
into the Haight street car, which was
crowded at the time. That none of the
passengers were fatally injured is miracu
lous. Standing on the step of , the dummy
at the time were Bibber and Pierce, who
are old friends. Mrs. Bibber occupied a
seat near them.
. Chairman Rlordan ruled the resolutions
out of order, on the ground that the mat
ter should be referred to the committee on
platform and resolutions. - -•
Leon Samuels of the Twenty-ninth Dis
trict moved that the convention adjourn
until Monday plght. At 9:10 p. m. the
motion was carried, the convention being
In session for less than an hour.
• Resolved, That we deplore this refusal on
the part of the Employers' Association to yield
these differences to arbitration.
Whereas. The Employers' Association has re
fused to yield the differences between them
selves and the labor unions to arbitration;
Before the report was adopted J. B.
Sykes of the Fortieth District offered the
following resolution: a . .
The salient points of the committee's re
port, particularly those referring • to the
late ' President McKinley, the erection of
new school houses and the curbing, of the
extravagant salary list of the Board of
Public Works, were loudly applauded. ! ¦
Salient Points Applauded.
W« declare that in electing or appointing to
political office .no distinction should be made
between citizens as to creed or color.
• We favor civil service for all departments of
the municipal government, and its enforce
ment pursuant to law.
We favor the ownership by the city of such
public utilities as i are imperatively necessary
for the common good. ,
We earnestly recommend that Immediate
steps be taken for the purpose of securing in
creased protection for the residents of the city
and county of San Francisco and their, prop
erty against fire, and for that purpose we
advocate the adoption of the recommendations
made by the chief engineer of the Fire De
partment of the city and county in his reports
of January and February of this year.
We recommend the immediate abolition of
all cobblestone pavements upon the business
streets of- this city and that the same should
be replaced with modern pavements construct
ed in the most substantial manner, and the
adoption of a systematic plan for the abolition
of cobblestone pavements in other portions of
the city, as soon as the funds in the treasury
will permit, and we hereby pledge our nom
inees to use their best endeavors to carry out
this provision in the platform.
We Insist that the money diverted from the
public treasury in this unauthorized way be
expended for the benefit of our public schools,
improvement of our streets, and the better
ment of our sewage system. -
We urge that the eight-hour law with refer
ence to public work be strictly, enforced.
We demand that no more money shall be
wasted by the Board of Public 1 Works in un
necessary salaries to men whose services are
not needed and who do not work.
Deplore Waste of Money.
soever arising. We suggest the adoption of ar
bitration for the settlement of such disputes,
and recommend that the arbitration laws of
other States and countries, bo far aa found
to be Just and granting equal protection of tho
law, as well as adaptable to our altered con
ditions, be made a part of our system of laws.
"We believe that It has been shown by expe
rience that . the new charter is a superior law
for , the government of this municipality, and
we urge the carrying out of its provisions in
their Just and true spirit. - -
¦ We demand that additional school houses be
constructed of either brick or stone, for tho
purpose of providing adequate accommodation
for all the school children of this city.
Secretary Ingram, who has been the
closest man to President Hays here, will
go East with him. Ingram, being a man
of great personal magnetism, has estab
lished himself as a universal favorite in
club circles during his short stay here.
With the departure of Hays for the
East Chief Counsel W. P. Herrin's star
will be in the ascendency. He will in teh
future be looked upon as the power be
hind the throne. Though Harriman will
send a president out here as chief execu
tive, this president will have, to make his
reports to J. C. Stubbs, traffic director of
the Harriman system of railroads. Herrin
will be allowed to manipulate politics as
he sees fit, ani woe betide the president
who comes out here in the future and an
nounces that "the road must keep out of
Herrin's Star Ascends.
During President Hays' brief adminis
tration he has made many friends. He is
looked upon as a man of great executive
ability, with a strong sense of justice and
easy to approach. His resignation was
handed in to Harriman owing to the
strong personal dislike evinced to him by
many of the railroad officials, who still
stand loyal to the Huntington interests.
These officials would not take commands
from President Hays, but on every possi
ble excuse telegraphed to H. E. Hunting
ton and asked him to intercede and have
orders revoked that had been made by
Hays and were distasteful to them. Hays
became tired of this constant interference
with his work, and going to New York
handed in his resignation, which was
later accepted by Harriman.
It is more than possible that with the
severance of Hays' connection with the
Southern Pacific Company Julius Krutt
schnitt, general manager, will also resign.
Whether J. M. Herbert will continue as
manager in ' Fillmore's position is also a
conjecture.
Officials Ignore Hays.
President Hays informed all the heads
of departments In the early part of this
week that he would sever his connection
with the Southern Pacific Company on
October 1, and the officials are now busily
putting their, heads together and forming
combinations so as to hold their positions
more securely. . . .
What President Hays intends doing: or
what road he will identify himself with
is not known. He is a man that keeps his
own counsel and unbosoms himself to no
one. It Is conjectured that he will leave
for the East the early part of next week,
and his family will soon follow him. Who
will ! succeed him as president of the
Southern - Pacific Company he says he
does not know — at least he claims that
Harriman has not informed him. It' is,
however, generally conceded that S. M.
Felton of the Chicago and Alton road will
fill the position.
Charles M. Hays, ¦' president of the
Southern Pacific Company, severs his con
nection with the corporation on October 1.
All the heads of departments have been
notified by Mr. Hays that he leaves the
company on that date, and the official cir
cular . announcing . his resignation was
hourly expected • yesterday afternoon
around the yellow building.:
Passengers Claim Motorman
Failed to Warn Them
of Danger.
Herrin Will in Future Be
the Power Behind
the Throne;'
Street Car Accident at
Market and Fourth
Streets.
Severs Connection With
Southern Pacific ¦ on
That Data.
FOUR INJURED
IN COLLISION
HAYS DEPARTS
OCTOBER FIRST
REPUBLICAN CONVENTION IGNORES
GOVERNOR GAGE IN ITS PLATFORM
Delegates Meet in Brief Session at B'nai '.- B'rith Hall—-Martin Kelly
Is Repulsed in Efforts to Gain Control of County Committee.
Indication That Herrin and Burns May* Dictate Nominations
r'//. ; - ¦ •¦¦¦ . , • •* ¦ ¦ ¦' \ -¦ ¦ ¦¦-' ¦ ¦¦:'>'• •¦.•¦¦¦.¦ ¦¦:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27,
14
ADVEETISEMENTS.
19 f F flS* tf^ PERM ANENTLY
#¦¦"*# 1 f,*^ CURED. No surgery
¦¦ * *-'*-^ 4 *^ or delay. Names of
50 prominent business men sent as reference.
BOO cures In B. F. For particular* address
PHYEICIAN. box 1850. Call office.
More to* have 'trunks' that are good travel-
ers than those that can't stand -the jar.
We get all kinds of traveling: gear by. the
carload. Leather goods of every | kind re-
ceived in large shipments. ¦ Full name let-
tered in gold free. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street: ••• •
It Doesn't Cost a Cent
SPECIAL
SALE!
WOMEN'S
UNDERSKIRTS.
H [« for our ¦ MERCERIZED
KhP SATEEN UNDER.
UUU SKIRTS, wide flounce,
lined and trimmed with three ruffles,
all colors, including black; regular
price $1.00.
Ar_ for our MERCERIZED
II hO SILK UNDERSKIRTS,
II 5i U wide, accordeon j pleated
ruffle, nine rows of . cording, ruffle-
lined; former price $1.50. .-•"
nn«i * or our newest' style regu-
Hnl! lar^-50 BLACK ITAL-
U UU IAN CLOTH UNDER-
SKIRTS, trimmed with accordeon-
pleated graduated flounce.
(ft I ft Hi t°* our $ T -7S extra wide
\l ¦-/ I MERCERIZED SAT-
VfliLW EEN UNDERSKIRTS
01 E(TS for our ~ $22S ALL-
VI ..-hi I BLACK ITALIAN
:lHI|lKl.:.CLOTH UNDE R-
SKIRTS. \
Al A r. for our regular- $2.715 ¦
Vl.UhBLACK UNDER-
IIP I , UU SKIRTS; deep flounce,
trimmed with wide velvet ribbon and
wide accordeon-pleated ruffle. Looks
just like silk— wears better.
Our better grade UNDER-
SKIRTS proportionately reduced
for TO-DAY ONLY. ¦
To-day ends our - great EM-
BROIDERY SALE. , Remnants
and 'lengths of 4 to 5 yards^at "one-
half the regular: price.
WE CLOSE AT6 O'CLOCK. if.?
1212-1214 M ARKET V ST.
n ; ;;';f 5 Between Taylor and Jones. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
S3— iS ' fc 1 «»
• . * For the chap .that's
School - going chaps A * rough on his trousers,
= wear the Golf cap; the g^L a *"* nothing stands roughness
winter fashions in Golf /-*% g better than the English
' Caps, in btae sere« and TIL \L £&"«£, * a f b ° r £»
pretty , Scotch mixtures, . strongly constructed,
the usual 50c grade of j t«g . we n worth
cap Special fl£b^ -#- gL-^ 75c Friday
Friday and |*fC §3 Mm &-* nd Saturday at *^-*
Saturday .... H^ Jl J| v All-wool Tweed Trou-
g -¦".- : -"' _ # j^sers as well; same price..
Winter right at your door, and we're rapping at your door
for admission, and we're not rapping in vain, because it's a well-
known fact throughout. San Francisco that the swellest winter
f/j&^vs ,.flf- ., -wt* fashions for man, boy and child
wvmli^k \ '^^ ''l^^ll'i *4 are e^ n S" shown by us, and we
J/ Wr^wI 'Si fcs»i } don>t have t0 tel1 you that
R Ply*^[ f^«Sl&-^T^iB W they're priced right — you know
r'-'l^O^Q^^ir^^^rl tnat - Merely want to tell you
/TvT yM that the P rettiest things are
I A 7/ s w )r I \ ready right now and we're wait-
/ M ' r. * fr w a m S to hear you say so. '^
i M I .. ' ¥% tSLlNj • Greenish Tinge.
¦ \ • • C !*ci& * V-^~I*^ Greenish effects are the swell color-
- V '^( i '¦ raft k^\ * n S s f? r big chaps, aad we have made
w?\r if!), '¦•'¦ iff them into suits for young men between
\J»3Hrir, I • ' A ml the ages of 14 and 10 yearsr—those wear-
yWnilffl Ji "A V"^ 1 -^ mL- ing long trousers. You will concede us
I 'i'm II \ \ Jr the distinction of getting: up the smart-
I & K/-"—^i\ \ 1 • / est y° un S men's suits that it's ever been
I •¦ E 'r"" ~\\ \ I J^=- our S°od fortune to show you, not only
I . X (] \i I i * n the greenish effects but in blue, in
I , J|f f| \\ I I fine serges, in pretty blue cheviots, in
I jf!, Ij \« H I" pretty mixtures, in the double-breasted
I >:;; if \\ 11 st sack and in- the single-breasted; such
I j U \l I K • suits "that young men delight in # wear-
1 k I I \\ \l\ I* '-^T ing; such suits that give them a distinc-
l l! j; \i I'i ve a ' r » broad extended shoulders; —
\ 4 \^24r^^^-*'l! 1 '•¦ shoulders that build 'em out; such suits
wL- «^ *^\J h \ " F"d a y anc * Saturday in our young
-< © S^-f^ '^^ I ' men's department at
$8.95
Fflsnions
"S^i^a On our floor de-
, ¦. : . - r^*|iP*\ voted to Men's f'i&BL
• ;:..'. j jr^oWsh^ ** to-day will be %f^^ff
' V /IPrl ali ea :he°newest C effeSs
hl'iii'i* special tables and
. . ~....nr<w-' j 35!*f w m be marked for
» " /jfflft. Friday and Saturday.
H Made to Order/or n
MpNE POUARg
{§ A WEEK |
Jin These suits are made on jf
Xijf\ honor — are tailored with the [(
MS best, cut right up to the la- j»
lira test style; cost no more than S
/iS other suits; will look well un- »]
y/ftj til worn out, and you will W
tta say, as others have, that you W
jSd got the best suit at Smith's \u
V^ that you ever wore. OpenVo
(Xtj Saturday evenings until ibU
1 128-132 Ellis St. -Sanfrwisco
Eclipsing
; IWI^W Winter
W^fil^X Fashions
• ynf^^ij S' Qur picture .on the side calls
to your attention two of our
/^®w/T p iij ver y P ret:t i est winter garments —
mMi^wk \ '» \\ • I Y scarce ty does the P cn and m^
v^^r^rn ' ( '"41 i' * f J sketch do them -justice.
'^My0M \gk\% *q/ Either one of the St y lcs in
y|&|||pfi 1 * I e .^ royal blue, in red, in tan, in ca*
(/Wfiffi;-W\ • fT & det k* ue an< i i n navy blue; gJ^P
(MMjmj: Jp h '. ! I J •- ments that have received artistic
B u treatment and are considered
YM l| f?ll gems' in juvenile finery.- .
• ' U -^& r These in conjunction with a
®*^ Sfl^ lot of other novekies that have
just arrived this week and will be
shown for the first time*to-day.
King Pins for Overcoats.
f^f ' ¦:. I'rHCOl^OPATCP UHIOH SQUARE AVC
Bits of beauty in -,.. ¦ The swellest things in
.. , .. . . J -- -. Shirtdom- — all the newest
Men. H-sierv; some . . ideas in Fancy Shirts,
very novel things in Catalogue Stiff Bosoms, snappy up-
.,.:',. in u:_u r,,,. ' to-date ideas, a bit differ-
suipes.in High-Class >Y. w iH jfe'tfjC ent from what you will .
-Hose; all the newest ; ' find in other stores, in
winter ideas ready shortly. our section devoted to
litiS 25c I want it? j£il$l;p#
4 — '.. — — — : — <¦ ' ... 4 ' '* . ' — ¦