Continued on Fourth Page.
hour ¦ the - crowd ¦ had been gathering. It
reached' almost back to , the . steps ' of tho
Congressional . Library. It extended from
one end ; of the : Capitol to the other. " It
Was"' a "dense," -closely packed mass of hu
manity. .-¦. • - . . . ' " ~ : :
GREAT GATHERING
W: GREETS McKINLEY
1 - Such a gathering in the heat of a PresJ
. ;' ¦ •¦" : >¦¦-¦¦-, ¦• ¦•¦-¦¦•-¦:...,--.>¦?.•
took the oath, delivered, his .speech.. In
which j he. talked ; not j only,; of v the J duties
ahead; of, -the .Senate, ;but the} world ..wide
duties ahead of the- Government. . v
r .The sceno.was now.Yeady .to shift, to , the
east portico of -the ; Capitol. ? /Overlooking •
tho • broad plateau at - the \ top ' of : Capitol
Hill," on'tlie front of ; *the Capitol
had "been erected an'enormousjstaifd^for/
, 700. persons. - In the front ; stand * for an
The committee had planned a theatrical
entrance for the President. It had been
decided that all holders of tickets should
first be seated and then tha " President
dential campaign would be estimated by
partisan newspapers at 50,000. It probably
contained 25,000 persons. These waited for
the President to appear, while the clouds
grew thick : overhead and ? the raw air
threatened rain.
BRILLIANT? SCENES MARK ; McKINLEY'S SECOND INAUGURATION.
Then entered Roosevelt; - also . entered
McKlnlpy.' There 'was Applause for both.
Tho Vice President was sworn In. 'lie
, Senator. Carter talked until the friends
of the river and harbor bill admitted that
it was dead. Members of the: House en
tered and took their scats. The Supremo
Court Justices, and diplomatic corps ,ar
rl\'ed,,each vying- to outdo the ¦>: other . In
dignity, -and occupied the places assigned
to them. . . . .. , ; .","
President McKinley, reached the Senate
chamber with McKinley promptness and
disappeared' Into "his room In the. Senate
end of | the building. Here he . passed on
several j bills, while *.he most ;brllllant as-
Eemblageever seen In the Senate awaited
the beginning of tha inauguration pro
ceedings.
and harbor bill, with two motives actu
ating him. One was ascribed to his fail
tire to get money for the Irrigation of arid
lands, and the other to a. request from
the "White House that the, bill be prevent
ed from reaching the'. President, so I that
be would not have'to kill it with a veto.
GALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N. W.. WASHING
TON". March 4. — William McKinley began his second
term as President this" afternoo.n. reverently taking the
oath In the presence of an enormous crowd and solemnly
announcing his policy for the next four years In a speech re
markable for its boldness of declaration.
Theodore Roosevelt began to walk the thorny -and narrow
path that is to mark his public course at noon, when he was
Fwom to his duties as Vice President in the Senate chamber.
r>«!ng showered with many manifestations of esteem and ad
miration.
Call it what you will— the pomp of coming empire, the
arreganc* of militarism, a spontaneous outburst of civic loy
alty — the Inauguration cf to-day, despite unpatriotic rain,
eclipsed as a spectacle anything ever attempted .at the induc
tion cf a President and Vice President into office.
It has been contrasted wifh the inauguration of Thomas
Jefferson In 1*01. when the President-elect walked to the Capitol
with a shouting crowd at his heels. The deduction Is that the
public seems to like best the twentieth-century way of doing
things. It has been contrasted with' the second inauguration
of James Monroe, when the "era of good feeling" was ushered
In. The lesson Is that McKinley is striving to bring the South
into the Republican fold, and this was disclosed dellberately
ln his address to-<iay.
The bold charge of the opposition, parties that the Govern
ment had entered upon an era of militarism was as boldly
met in to-day's Ir-augural parade. The bulk of the parade
was military. It was the largest display of regular troops
and National Guardsmen ever witnessed at an inauguration
In "Washington, yet there were only 3000 regulars in line. It
was likewise the smallest display of civic organizations.
But most remarkable of all was the candor and courage
•with which Mr. McKinley met the issues of the hour and
proclaimed the polio* of the Government
In his Inaugural address. He told how he
Intended to carry out the policy of Con
cress in Cuba without detriment to the
Cubans themselves. He declared that the
course new being pursued for the pacifica
tion and government of the Philippines
would be followed to the end. The United
States was not fighting the Filipinos. A
Email portion of the Filipinos were fight
ing the United States. There was to be
r-o step backward anywhere. The United
States had taken Its place among the
great powers cf the world and would
hold it.
"Surely." 6ald the President, "after 123
j-ears cf achievement for mankind we will
rot now surrender our equality with other
nation on matters fundamental and essen
tial to nationality. With no such purpose
w»s the nation created. In no such spirit
has It developed Its full and Independent
•sovereignty. We adhere to the principle
of equality among ourselves, and by no
act of crars will we assign to ourselves a
subordinate rank # la the family of na
tions."
The weather was bad. After five weeks
of clearest ekles -Washington has ever
known rain began to fall not long before
the President took the oath. The crowds
were drenched. It rained throughout most
cf the afternoon. Senator James K. Jones,
chairman of the Democratic National
Comisittee, is satisfied the rain Is an evil
omen for the McKinley administration.
Senator Mark Hanna, chairman of the
Republican National Committee, Is con
vinced that the Ekles only wept to prevent
the aCmlnlstratton from being too happy
la Its present fortuitous situation. They
exchacged notes about It as they rode
¦with the President.
FOREIGN DIPLOMATS
STAND IN THE RAIN
The one great blot on the Inauguration
mi the treatment received by the foreign
Embassafiors and other diplomats accred
ited to the United States. Not only were
these dignitaries preceded en the stand
by Justices of the Supreme Court, in epite
of their protests, but they received abso
lutely no attention. They were all in their
magnificent and costly uniforms, and
were compelled to stand in the driving rain
tor nearly an hour. No effort was made
to provide them shelter; no effort was
made to get them umbrellas. The com
mittee in charge of arrangements, how
ever, Bought-chelter for themselves under
the roof of The President's stand/ leaving
the distinguished guests In the wet. The
Incident is bound to create an unpleasant
impression abroad.
President McKinley began his journey
to the Capitol with the plaudits of 100.000
persons ringing in his ears. He left the
White House about 10:30 o'clock. It was
an inspiring spectacle that met his gaze
as, pauring a moment on the portico, his
eyes swept up and down Pennsylvania
avenue. The court of honor, stretching
from the Treasury Department to the "War
Department, was packed with a dense
mass of humanity. The huge pillars, sur
mounted with their braziers for the red
fire of to-night's display, and graceful row
of white columns lining the drives to the
White House and extending along the
avenue on either side, gave a touch of
color to the spectacle. The enormous
Btand. Eeating 20,000 persons, was densely
packed with men and women.
The "old boys" of the civil war, who
were to be the President's special escort,
were drawn up in waiting. They had
gained their point, and were to have the
post of honor. They were as proud as
when they marched in Sherman's grand
review in 1S65. Bright-coated aids galloped
hither and thither. Bugle calls rang out
on the air. A battery rumbled by to
take up its position near the Capitol to
fire the President's talute. The cavalry
clattered through the streets to take Its
place for the parade. Bedraggled and be
lated National Guardsmen from New
York and Pennsylvania hurried about In
little squads, seeklna: their commands.
President McKinley was escorted by
Senator Hanna. Accompanying him and
Senator Hanna were Senator Jones, who
managed Bryan's campaign in 1896 and
1300. and Representative Cannon of the
House committee. Carriages, drawn up
in line, quickly received other members
of the party — inaugural committeemen,
members of the Cabinet and General Miles
and Admiral Dewev.
A touch of the whip by the "White House
coachman, who drove the President's car
riage, and the four horses that drew It
clattered down the avanue. As the Presi
dent's vehicle turned into Pennsylvania
avenue the escort fell In. General Greene,
grarid marshal, and his numerous staff
led the way. Then came General Daniel
E. Sickles, leading veterans of the civil
and Spanish-American war*. After them
came Troop A of Cleveland, In the most
brilliant uniforms that Ohio State pride
could devise.
MIGHTY CHEERS
GIVEN PRESIDENT
Mighty cheers went up aa the Presi
dential party moved down the avenue,
The whole length of this broad thorough
fare was literally lined with humanity.
The advance was slow and decorous. The
President constantly removed his hat.
bowing to right left. Between the
White IJouse and the Capitol he musi
have bowed a thousand times. All tha
while, a bright smile illuminated his face
and the spirit of -perfect ease and con
tentment marked his *>very motion and
gesture. It was clear that this was Wil
liam McKinley's happiest day and that
he was realizing hia , most 'optimistic
dreams.
In the meantime CDnzress had been
droning out its more or less misspent life.
Carter of Montana was killing the river >
Roosevelt followed the President Into
the little house that had been erected, for
him and now. at last, the crowd recog
nized the Rough Rider In the statesman's
hat. The Vice President, too, got a very
warm ¦welcome-
All thU time the Supreme Court Jus
tices on one side of the Presidential trib
une and the dlplomatc corps on the other
were huddllns close together, as though
seeking mutual warmth and protection.
The black silk gowns add gorgeous uni
forms were rapidly being ruined by the
downfall, which had steadily Increased.
President McKinley took his place in the
The crowd for a moment forgot the rain.
It gave McKinley a very warm greeting.'
The President uncovered his head arid
bowed to the right and left and to the
left. and right again, acknowledging the
salute.
Then came the diplomatic corps. Thera
was a very serious mix-up about this and
all the Governments of Europe will be
talking of It to-morrow. After all their
protests the Embassadors found them
selves preceded by the Supreme Court.
AlTwere In uniform- with a wealth of gold
laco and stars and spangles and ostrich
feathers. Sir Julian Pauncefote. the Brit
ish. Embassador. led the way. The- oth
ers came in the order of precedence ob
served at all public functions. Baron'
Fava, the Italian Erabassador. Suspecting
rain, had worn a heavy coat over hi 3 uni
form. ; ; ! :; 7
The Senators took the quarters assigned .
them on the west side of the President's
stand. The Representatives came strag
gling down, seeking to get the best seats.'
In a few moments an acre of spectator
on the Capitol stand was confronting six
acres of spectators on the plateau of.Capi
tol HilL : V "• g • " .
Then It began to rain, not hard at first.'
just a gentle drizzle, the prophecy of -the
"Weather Bureau having been accepted
with childlike confidence, and nearly
everybody had come without an unbreJlx
Tho drizzle continued. £ '.-'{"->,
Adjutant General Corbln appeared, es
corting Mrs. McKinley. Assisting him,
were Colonel Blngham. superintendent of
the "White House grounds, and Dr. Rlxey.
the President's physician. Mrs. McKinley
looked immensely pleased. She took a
seat In the shelter of the house that had
been erected for the President, and Gen
eral Corbin, emulating Sir "Walter Ra
leigh, stripped off his cape .and put it
around Mrs. McKlnley's feet. Miss Gould
and her party got seats close to the Presi
dent's stand.
In a short time the human flower gar
den that had blazed In the Senate gal
leries had. been transplanted t» this open
air stand, but the brilliant costumes were
now hidden beneath, heavy wraps, made
necessary by the raw March air and cruel
March drizzle. - '.V '
Vice President Roosevelt appeared ac
companied by Mr. Bennett, secretary of
the Senate. No one recognized him la his
silk hat. and he kept In the background.
waiting for the Presidential party."
Suddenly a mighty shout went up from
the acre of humanity on top. of Capitol
Hill In the rain. The President emerged
from the main door of the 'Capitol. . He
was oa the arm of Chief Justice Fuller,
who was to administer the oath. ¦ : ' j ,
Following, arm in arm. came members
of the committee on arrangementSr-Hanna
with & limp and Jones with a scowL The
chairmen of the rival national committees
in the last campaign were meeting on
common ground now; then Spooner, the
hero "of Philippine legislation, and Can-r
non, fresh from wading kneedeep In the
slaughter of appropriation bills; then Dal
zell and McKae. . HEstl
CROWD ACCORDS
A GREAT WELCOME
would appear. First came the Justices of
the Supreme Court In their black gowns
and skull caps. They looked to bo ths
very embodiment of wisdom, decorum and
good living as they descended the sloping
carpeted aisle and stood looking aronrtd
for the seats assigned them. Some one
had blundered or an usher had disap
peared. In the raw east wind they hugged
themselves In their black gowns and
looked very uncomfortable.
-
&\EjI OW I have the satisfaction to announce the!
aSrwfif the Congress just closed has reduced tuxd
;. v. tion w Me sum of $41,000,000. \ • ;' r .
Every avenue of production is crowded with ac*
tivity, labor is well employed and American produc
tions find good markets at home and abroad. Our di
versified productions, however, are increasing in
such unprecedented volume as to admonish us of the*
¦necessity of still further enlarging, our foreign Viqr
kets by broader commercial relations.
The national verdict of 1806 has for the most
part been executed. ¦ . ¦.'
We face at this moment a most important ques
tion — that of the future relations of the United States]
and Cuba. With our near neighbors we must reinain.
close friends. The declaration of the purposes of
this Government in the resolution of April 20, 1808,
must be made good.
I shall continue the efforts already taken until or
der shall be restored throughout the Philippine
Islands, and as fast as conditions permit will estab
lish local governments, in the formation of which the
full co-operation of the people has been alrcadv in
vited, and when established will encourage the people
to administer them.
STRONC POINTS IN
PRESIDENT'S SPEECH
CHIEF CHAMPION OF PROSPERITY IS
INAUGURATED FOR A SECOND TERM
SUMMARY OF* NATION'S
HISTORY-MAKING DAY
igS T 7 a. in. visiting troops begin leaving the
JS$k Government departmnits that had been used
*^** as temporary barracks and proceed to Penn
sylvania avenue to participate in the great parade.
At JO c. m. Grand Marshal Greene and staff are
ct the head of the line, and the triumphal parade
frcm the White House to the Capitol is started.
President McKinley reviews the parade frpm a
stand at the south side of the Court of Honor.
Brilliant assemblage in the United States Senate
chambers, where Vice President - elect Theodore
Roosrjelt is inducted into office and delivers his in
augural address. »
At TilJ p. m. President McKinley appears en Vj
stand at the east front of the Capitol. He is sworn in
to succeed himself as chief magistrate and delivers
his inaugural address.
From the outside platform the President and Vice
President are escorted to the rooms of the Senate
Committee on Military Affairs, and an informal
luncheon is held.
At 2:15 p. m. the parade starts from the Capitol,
the last organization passing the rcz'iezving stand at
the White House at 6 p. m.
The cjcni cf the rjcning is the inaugural ball
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MARCH 5, 1901.
PRICE FIVE .CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 95.
The San Francisco Call.PRESIDENT OUTLINES POLICY OF HIS ADMINISTRATION.
LUNCHEON TAKEN
AT THE CAJPITOL
"WASHINGTON, March 4.-Immediately
after the ceremonies • from the * outside
platform the President and the Vice Pres-
As the President closed his address the
vice President and many Senators grasp
ed his hand in congratulation. Then he
returned to the Capitol, proceeding to the
Senate wine, where- a lunch had been
ppread in. the committee room of the Com
mittee on Military Affairs. Here the Pres
ident was Joined by : the, Vice Presi
dent, ythe Inaugural committee, distin
guished officers of ¦ the army and . navy
and a number of Senators and. other in
vited guests. Half, an hour was spent in
taking refreshments and then the Presi
dent - waa escorted back to his carriago
t» Join in- the parade to-the White House.
•As he, raised his voice in- a. resounding
phrase for *1free> Cuba," there was a
mighty shout of applause, and frequently
he paused to allow, some well' turned sen
tence to receive its tribute of popular ap
proval. • '..¦¦¦ .¦ ' ¦ -
ing a watery veil over the dripping multi
tude.. Under his -pavilion the President
¦was 'well -protected- and there was no fal
tering: in the address -as the downpour
continued." : - ' , '.
-'->^i , ~ ' - ¦ ' . . ¦ »
plnee; I • (.hall ' continue the efforts already
taken until order shall be restored throughout
the' islands, and as fast as conditions permit will
establish local Kovernments, In the formation
of :' which the full co-operation of the people
has.'Jieen already invited, ' and when established
-will encourage the people to administer them.
The purpose long ago determined on -to
affora the, inhabitants of the ifilands self-gov
ernment a« fast as they are ready for it, will
bei pursued with earnestness and- fidelity. Al
ready some thin;? has been accomplished In this
direction. I The ..Government's representatives,
civil and military, are doing: faithful and noble
worle. in their, mission of emancipation and
merit! the Approval andsupport of their coun
trymen: .The mont . liberal .terms of amnesty
have l already been communicated to the insur
gents, and the way is still open for those who
have raised their arms against the Government
for :honorable 'submission toits authority. Our
countrymen should ¦ not ¦ be' deceived, .we aro
not -waRiniar war agalsnt the'. Inhabitant* of the
Philippine Islands.;- :-A' portion" of them are
making .wai« against :'. the "•United States. By
far the greater; part' of the 'Inhabitants recog
nize ¦American-' sovereignty and - : : welcome it as
a' guaranty r of order ; and -of , security for life,
property, liberty, . freedom- of < conscience and
the. pursuit of happiness. . To- them full protec
tion will be given.- They shall not be abandoned
AVB'wlll:not }eave>. the destiny.- of the loyal
'rnVlIroiw' in Una islands", to* the disloyal thou
sanfls' who nro In. rebellion against the United
Btate«.'. ; Order .under •; civil-. Institutions will
coma : as soon- as • those who " now :- . break the
.peace, -¦hall-- keep It, Font*, will: not ibe needed
or.' used when those Mho make- war against us
shall i matifi it no ' more. ; May it end - without
further bloodshed, and there be t ushered - In the
reign .""of peace to be •' made ". permanent by a
government of liberty, under the, law. ,
|^pSJt)|N¥|€S0SESr
'•: As 'the President -spoke, the pent-up
¦clouds gave out their full, force and the
.pelting rain- came down in sheets, throw-
CALL. HEADQUARTERS SAPTIA
MENTO. March 4.-The Senate- and
sembly united to-night In exercises In the
Assembly chamber in celebration of" the
viv1f^ at! M n °/ o Presiaent McKinley and
Vive President Roosevelt. The lobbies
and gallery. were crowded with auditors.
A brass band marched Into the Senate
chamber at 9 o'clock. On motion of
!^ a , tp /v B *l tman tho Senate adjourned
Grove 1* Johnson was introduced by
H P e ea ,^ iS^ftV" " thB tot V*S
"To-night, we. as citizens of this com
monwealth., are proufl that our new
?iT*? ! fl? nt ls . ful! of llf0 aml and
that the nation ls opening out in this new
century to greater achievements "thin
have been possible in the past. And in
voking the aid of Him who holdB the uni
yerso in his hand, our sentiment is that
the United States must and shall pros-
Senator J. Sims, chairman of the Demo
cratic 8tate Central Committee durln*
the late campaign, was Introduced Hi
spoke impressively and in conclusion
¦ "I stand here to rejoice in the ner
petuity of American institutions and in
the-beglnnlng of an administration which
I trust will add new glories to our Com
mon country." .
¦ Assemblyman Stewart of San Diego led
the audience in singing "America,"
Senator Charles M. Shortrldge Senator
John. P. Davis Assemblyman 5 freldwdl
of ' San -Francisco, and Assemblyman
Frank James delivered shorti addresses
'At the close of the exercises Assembly
men and Senators formed In < procession
and marched to the Golden Eagle Hotel
In front c-f which a short opTif . air Son
cert was given by the band. n
Senators and Assemblymen
Pay Homage to the
. President.^
STATESMEN JOIN
IN A CELEBRATION
performed every evolution, were & body
quite apart and distinctive from all the
others., The. band with the naval cadets
created aa much comment perhaps as the
best musical organization In the whole
procession, rivaling even. the famous Ma
rine Band of the Washington Barracks.
One of the unique features of the mili
tary display was a battalion of the Porto
RJcan regiment, recently organized In our
island ¦ possession and recruited from
among- the n.atlve population; They were
not to be distinguished from other regu
lar Infantry regiments except by their
swarthy complexions and evidences in
their marching of an enthusiasm that won
the applause along the line of march.
Their welcome was of the warmest.
The civic division consisted of clubs
from all sections of the country, many of
them unique in their uniforms and rega
lias, and displaying decided proficiency in
maintaining their formation and keeping
up the high standard set by the military
division. There were two features in con
nection with the civic division this year
that struck the notice of those accustomed
to inaugural parades. One was the turn
out of h the khakl-clad, campaign-hatted.
Rough Rider marching clubs from the
several States and the other was the ap
pearance in line of cadet corps, represent
ing a large number of educational insti
tutions In Washington and elsewhere
: The third and last division of the civic
section, which was headed by Major O O
S?- wa Ji d .^ marsha l- wa* the last in line!
This division, save the Union League of
Maryland, was composed of marching
clubs from the colleges and universities of
the country. Some of them were uni
formed Prettily, and they gave a tasteful
finish to this portion of the parade There
w*re about sixteen separate educational
institutions represented, and the crowd
gave them a warm greeting. A number
of colored Republican clubs followed th«
colleplans^anef made a credltabl? display
In point of neatness, uniformity of. attire
andin number, makinjr an excellent finish
to the inaugural parade lsn
Continued on Third Pago,
WASHINGTON. March 4.— Never has
an inaugural parade in. - "Washington
passed off with as little friction and with
i the general picturesque effect that accom
panied; the great pageant that served aa
President McKinley 's' and Vice President
Roosevelt's eacort . to: the "White House
after they had taken the oath of office
under -the shadow of 'the T- Capitol. The
police arrangements throughout were ex
ceptionally effective-^ The inaugural com
mittee had provided a barrier of Iron posts
and wire cable along both sides of Penn
; sylvanla avenue from the Peace monu
ment to Seventeenth street and succeeded
in absolutely keeping clear_ the line of
march for the first time in the history of
Inaugural displays In Washington. WThls
barrier was not-broken- through at- any
point during the whole day and the troops
were able to march in- extended -forma
tion, thereby adding to the beauty of the
display and the speed with which the pro
cttslon was -enabled to pass. The start
was. made from the Capitol about- 2:15
o'clock and the last of the civic organiza
tions had passed the reviewing stand at
the White House a little before 6 o'clock.
Considering the weather . conditions, the
parade In point -' of numbers closely ap- •
proxlmated the official forecast. • The
promptitude with which it was- handled
by ; Grand Marshal Greene was decidedly
above the average for such an event. The
weather was not ' favorable I for - the pa
rade, a slow drizzle at Intervals, but for
tunately the weather was mild, so no pa
rader suffered any hardship from the ele
menta.
In point of beauty the military display
probably never has been exceeded in
Washington. The regular contingent of
cavalry, infantry and artillery were unl- :
formed as though for the most exacting
official Inspection, and their discipline was
beyond criticism. The same could be said
with equal emphasis of the naval con
tingent. Tho marines, a splendid body of
sea soldiers, and the blue-jackets, with
their rollicking, free and easy step,. were
especially well received by the crowds.
The naval contingent was larger than haa
ever-been seen in Washington parades •
The youthful cadet corps of West Point
and Annapolis, In the severe simplicity of
their quick,', snapy action and
i the machine-like accuracy with which they
at the Capital.
Never Been Excelled
In Point of Beauty It Has
GREAT PAGEANT
HONORS PRESIDENT
ident were escorted to the rooms of the
Senate Committee on Military -Affairs,
where . an Informal luncheon" -was served
from the Senate" restaurant. The large
committee table was spread, but the Pres
ident and the others present ate standing
and quite hurriedly, in o»der:not to keep
the procession waiting. Those-present In
cluded the President, the Vice President,
the inaugural committee, the Cabinet,
General Miles. Admiral Dewey, Private
Secretary Cortelyou and Secretary Ben
nett and Sergeant at Arms Ramsdell of
the Senate. Several military officers also
were Included In the party.
, ¦ ¦ . : ' ¦ ¦ ¦ *
it of the Philip-
responsibility for the
performing the ; duties^ and discharging the'.
functions of a separate nation," of observing'
its International obligations, of. protecting Ufa
and property, "Insuring order, 'safety'; and~HB
.erty and- conforming to the established • and
historical- policy of the- United States in' its*
relation to. Cuba. ,• : . .' - ¦ . ¦; ' -- ;•;
\The' peace which we are pledged ; to', leave
to the Cuban people '.must carry with it
the guarantees of .permanence.'v We became
sponsors for the pacification of the ''Island, and
we remain accountable to the Cubans, no .less
than to our own country and people, for the
reconstruction of Cuba as a free common-'
wealth on abiding foundations of right. Jus
tice, liberty and assured order. Our enfran
'chlsement of the peoplo will not be completed
until free Cuba shall "be a reality, not a
name; a perfect entity, not a hasty experiment
bearing within Itself tho elements of failure."
While the treaty of peace with Spaln!*was
ratified, on the 6th of February, 1 1890, and rat
ifications were exchanged nearly two years
ago, the Congress has Indicated no form of
government for the Philippine Islands. It has,
however, provided an army to enable the exec
utive to suppress insurrection, restore' peace,
give security to the inhabitants and establish
the authority of the United States throughout
the archipelago. It has authorized the organi
zation of native troops as auxiliary to : the
regular force. It' has been advised from time
to time of the acts of the military and naval
officers in the Islands, of my action in appoint
ing civil commissions, of the' instructions with
which they\were charged, of their duties and
powers, of their recommendations and of the
several acts under, executive commission, to
gether with the very complete general informa
tion they have submitted. These reports fully
set forth the conditions, past and present. In
the islands and the Instructions - clearly show
the principles which will guide the executive
until Congress shall, an It is required to do by
the treaty, determine 'the "civil rights and po
litical status of the native inhabitants." :
The Congress having added the sanction of
Its authority to the powers already possessed
and exercised by the executive under the consti
tution, thereby leaving with the executive the
j We face at this moment a most Important
question— that of the future ¦ relations \ of th«
United Stages and Cuba. With our near neigh-,
bors we must remain close friends; . The deb-;
laration of the* purposes of this Government' in
the resolution of April/20; 1898." must be- made
good. Kver since' the evacuation 'of.' the island
py the army, of Spain the executive" wl thrall
practicable 'speed has been- assisting >its'.peo
ple in the successive "stops necessary to < the
establishment of a free and independent Goy
ernment.. prepared to- assume, and .perform .the
obligations of international "law • which ,; now
rest upon the United' States under the treaty^
of Paris./ 1 The convention' elected by;; the; peo-«.
pie. to frame a constitution is approach) n« thfc
completion > of 'its "¦ labors. .The .transfer. t of
American control to the new Government 'is ;pf
such 'great Importance,' Involving an obligation
resulting ¦ ftqnv dur Intervention 1 , andi the 'Ireaty
of peace, that I am glad to be advised by. the
recent act of Congress of the policy .which" 1 the
legislative branch of ¦ the. . Government . deems
essential to the best' interests of Cuba and; the'
United St*tes.> The principles "which Jed. to "put
intervention require that, a'fundamentaL;l ft w;
upon* which, the new' Government* rests should
be a'dapted."to secure a. government, capable 'of;
FUTURE OF CUBA
IS MOST IMPORTANT
?ast. tour years' have 'gone Into history. They
ire too near to. Justify- recital. Some .of them
ivere unforeseen: many of them momentous and
:ar-reaching in their consequences to ourselves
ind our relations with the rest of the' world,
rhe part which the United States bore so hon-
Jiably in the thrilling scenes- in China, while
"ii-w to American life has been In harmony
tvlth Its true -spirit and best traditions, and In
leallng with the result*- its policy' will 'be
:!iat of moderation and fairness. ¦-- ¦ .- -• "¦
WHOLE COUNTRY
NOW REUNITED
Strong hearts and faithful hands are' needed.
• nd fortunately we have them in 'every part
of our beloved country:; ffw are reunited.
Sectionalism* has disappeared. | Division- on
public affairs can.no longer be tra'ced-. ta the
war maps of 1161.-. These bid differences" less
atd less disturb" the Judrment;when existing
problems demand-' the thought and quicken '¦the
conscience . of the- cbuntry. and the responsl
bilit- for their presence. as *rejl-as- for- their
righteous settlement rests upon, us all — no' more
upon me than upon ypu.' There are-some, na
tional questions in the solution of which pa
triotism should exclude, partisanship.- Magnify
in" their ,r difficulties! will - not take them oft
our hands nor facilitate their adjustment. " Dis
trust of the capacity,. Integrity, and high -pur
pores of the.^ American people will < ngt be - drf
inspiring* ¦ theme 'fpr future contests. • Dark
r-lctures 'and '.¦ gloomy ¦ forebodings, are worse
than useless. ¦ These only, becloud, they do not
help to point -the : way of> safety and honor.
'.'Hope maketh not' ashamed." The -prophets
of evils were not the builders of the republic
nor in Its crisis since mave-' they saved, or
served It. The Yalta of the i fathers ¦ was a •
mighty force rn ' Its' creation and_ thecfaith of
their descendants has. wrought «its progress and
furnished Its defenders.- They are obstruction
ists who despair and who would "destroy con
fluence in. the ability, of our , people . to solve
wisely and for civilization the. mighty prob
lems renting ¦ upon them. The American peo
ple, intrenched in freedom at home, take their
love fo- it with, them wherever; they go, .and
trey reject as mistaken and unworthy the
doctrine that we lose our own liberties ¦ by
securing the enduring foundations of liberty
to others. Our Institutions will not deterior
ate by extension and our sense of Justice will
not abate, under tropic suns in distant seas.
A» heretofore so hereafter will the nation
demonstrate its fitness to administer any new
estate which events devolve upon It, and In
the fear of God will "take occasion by the
hand and make the bounds of freedom wider
>et." If there are those among: us who would
ir.ake our way more difficult we must not be
disheartened, but the more earnestly dedicate
ourselves to the task which we have : rightly
smooth. New things are often found hard to
do. Our fathers found them so. We find them
so. They are inconvenient. They cost us
srmethlng. But are we not made -better for
the effort and sacrifice, and are not those we
serve lifted up and blessed?
We will be consoled, too, . with the fact' that
pppoclt{on has confronted every onward effort
of the republic from its' opening hour until
new, but without success. The republic has
marched on and on and • its every step has
exalted freedom and humanity. We are under
going the same ordeal as . did our predeces
scrs nearly a century ago. We are following
the course they blazed. They triumphed. Will
their successors falter and , plead organic": lm
potency in the" nation? Surely after 125 years
of achievement for mankind we will not now
surrender our equality with other powers on
matters fundamental and essential to national
ity. With no such t purpose was the nation
created. ¦ In no such- spirit has It developed its
full and . Independent sovereignty. We adhere
to the principle of equality aunong ourselves,
and because of no act of ou*.-s will we assign
t-> ourselves, a subordinate rank in tb* family
of nations.' , * .
My fellow citizens, the public events of t&ft
Intrusted for the " second ' tlme^ with the
office of President. I enter upon its adminis
tration appreciating the great responsibilities
which attach to this renewed honor and com
mission, promising unreserved devotion on my
part to their faithful. discharge and reverently i
invoking -r for my guidance the direction and
favor of Almighty God. I should 6hrlnk from
the duties this day assumed if I did not feel
that in their performance I should I hax'e the
co-operation of the wise and patriotic .men of
all parties. It encourages - me for the great
task I now undertake to believe i that those
who voluntarily committed to me the trust Im
posed upon the chief executive of the republic
will jrlve to me generous support In my duties
to "preserve, protect and defend th« constitu
tion of the United States" and to care that the
"laws 'be faithfully executed." The national
purpose -is indicated through a national elec
tion. It is the constitutional method of ascer
taining the public will. When once it Is rej<
istered It is .a—law, to us all. .-and faithful-ob
servance' should follow Its decree*.
Four years ago we stood on the brink of war
without the people knowing it and without
any preparation or effort at preparation Jor
the impending peril. I did all that in honor
could -be .done to -avert the war, but without
avail. It becime Inevitable, and the Congress
at ltS'.flrst regular session, without party, divis
ion, provided money In anticipation 'of the
cripis and in preparation to meet it. It came.
The result was signally favorable for Ameri
can arms- end in the ¦ highest -degree honorable'
to the Governrrent. It imposed upon us obli
gations from which we cannot escape' and
from which it would be dishonorable to seek
to eeear>e, ! "We are now at peace with the
world, and" it* Is my fervent prayer that If
differences arise between us and other coun-.
tries they may be settled by peaceful arbitra
tion, and that hereafter we maybe spared the
There should be 'fundamental requisites to or-'
i*tnal appointment and the Eurest guarantees'
against removal. •..¦
part been executed. Whatever remains unful
filled is a. continuing obligation resting with
undlmiclsbed forc« upon the executive and the
Congress. But, fortunate as our condition is.
Its permanence can only be aMured by sound
business methods and strict economy in >im
tlonal administration and I eel slat Ion. \Ve
should not permit our great prosperity to lead
u« to reckless ventures In business or. prj
fiicacy In public expenditures., While tte Con
eresi determines the objects and the eums of
appropriations, the official* of the ?¦xecutlv*
department* are responsible for honest and
faithful disbursement, and It should be their
constant care to avoid wa*te and extravagance.
Honeety. capacity and industry are nowher*
more ts£i£pensabfe than in public employment.
and promoted.
The national verdict of 1S96 has for the tno*t
The President epoke as follows:
My Fellow Citizens: When we assembled
her* on the 4th of March. li'.T. there was great
anxiety with reeard to our currency and
credit. Nooe exists now. 7"hen our treasury
receipts uer# Inadequate to meet the current
obligations of the Government. Now they are
rufflrlent for all public needs and we have a
surplus instead of a. deficit. Then I felt eon
rtralned to convene the Congress In extraor
dinary eeaslon to devise revenues to pay the
ordinary expenses cf the Government. Xow I
have the satisfaction to announce, that the
Congress Just < ;.,.-^m1 has reduced taxation in
th« sum of $41 000,000. Then there was deep
vollcltude because cf the Ions depression In
our Tnanufacturtr.K. rr.inlr.p-, agricultural and
nrercanUW '."iustriea and the. consequent dig
tresi of our laboring population. Now every
¦\-enue of production Is crowded with activ
ity, labor is well employed and American pro
ductions . find cood markets nt home and
ebroafl. Our diversified productions, however,
ariT'ittcreaslr.it in euch unprecedented volume
as to admonish us of the necessity of still fut
ther enlarging our forelrn markets by broader
commercial relations. For this purpose reel
should in liberal spirit be carefully cultivated
STRONG SPEECH
OF THE PRESIDENT
Through the lines of Senators and offi
cials, al! standing to do him honor, the
President proceeded to the' central pavil
ion, poing- forward to the railing and fac
ing the vast assemblage at close range,
again and again bowing his acknowledg'
rnents to the tremendous ovation from
40.000 throats. Then he turned and shook
hands with Vic«» President Roosevelt,
while another great cheer went up as the
two central figures— McKinley and Roose
velt—stood out above the crowd.
Ag-ain a. deep hush fell upon the assem
blage as the President and Chief ' Justice
advanced to the center of the pavilion.
The President removed his hat and then
raispd his hand. In the Intense stillness
faintly could be heard the solemn words
nt the Chief Justice and the measured
response of the President taking the oath
to maintain inviolate the constitution and
laws of the United States. He spoke in
Ftrong voice, easily heard by those near
the front of the stand. His face looked
very gTave as the oath was pronounced.
There was no Qemonstration as he con
cluded the oath. Now he turned again to
the people, and advancing to the rail' of
the pavilion began his inaugural address.
He epoke In rather low tones at first,
gradually growing more distinct untir he
was heard by all those on the stands and
most of those in the front rank of the
crowd. He kept his hat off while he spoke.
Occasionally he used gestures to empha
size some eaiient point of his address.
LEADERS STAND OUT
ABOVE THE CROWD
A blaze of color vas at every hand. Just
beneath the Goddess of Liberty a hir&e
f.&g hung out. The 14* dome was sur
rounded with flags, and further down
mammoth flaps hunp In graceful folds
from the pillared lront of the main
portico. The huge stand had a front
of solid color— fiae on flag. And amidst
this riot of color and of surging humanity
rose the central f«aj'jre of the decorative
scheme— the pavilion sheltering the Presi
dent and the distinjruiFhr-J assemblage
about him. It wa? of Grecian outline,
with Corinthian pillars and low archeA
roof. From the front of the pavilion
blazed the national arms. Just opposite,
on a raised platform, half a thousand
cameras wore trained on the Presidential
pavilion, looking l'kr so many machine
guns along a quarterdeck.
Just before 1 o'clock a drizzling sleet
•with r^ail begran to fall and over the sea
of heads went .up countless umbrellas.
The sky turned from gray to black' and
the FigTiS looked ominous. But the crowd
held 1tp ground unmindful of the lowering
tky and slanting hail.
It ¦was lust 1 o'clock when the official
party came through the main doorway of
the Capitol. All eye* w^re strained to
ward the distinguished groups as they ap
peared. T'sually the President comes
among the first, but to-day there was en
tire change, and Instead of having the
President wait until all the officials were
in plare. the Presidential party did not
appear until all the Invited guests had
assembled and every inlng was In readi
ness to administer the oath. By this time
the hail had turned Into a steady drizzle
of rain.
When th«» special guests had been ush
ered to their peats there was a momen
tary lull and silence fell upon the con
course as it strained to catch the lirst
glimpse of the President.
As President McKinley stepped out upon
the portico, in full view of the waiting
multitude, a great cheer went up which
was echoed and re-echoed until the huge
stand fairly tremMed with the volume of
foudJ. The President bowed his.aclcnowl
eri&iueuf of the greeting- His face wore
a look of calm dignity and contentment.
He put on his hat as he stepped into the
open and his overcoat was buttoned high
vp to kepp off the heating drops. He
moved across the portico and then, paus
ing at the top o£ the high marble stairs,
again waved his Fa'.utations to the con
tinued hurrahs. With him was Chief Jus
tice Fuller, prepared to administer the
oath.
BLAZE OF COLOR
AT EVERY HAND
WASHINGTON*. March 4.—Pres
ident McKinley at 1:17 P- m.
was sworn in to succeed hlm-
Eclf as ChL>i Magistrate, on 1
handsomely decorated stand
at the east front of the Capitol. In the
presence of a surging multitude. It was a
pudden transformation from the impres
*!ve solemnity of the .senate proceeding to
the brilliancy and clamor of an outdoor
spectacle of mammoth proportions. From
early in the day the whole city had emp
tied Us throngs Into thb vast- central
l>laza until by noon St was a billowing «x
jiatit-e of humanity, cut here and there by
narrow detiles for the uniformed maroh
t»rs. Massed half wav back were the
mounted offerers of the military escort
and the staff. In their brilliant uniforms
of the cavalry, artillery and infantry. Off
to th«? !»-ft. frontlnsr the Sonate. Troop A,
the President's crack company, sat mo
tionless on their black chargers. Fronting
the Houts* wlr.g was the s!lk-hatted and
b<-*ashe<1 citizens' committee, their horst:3
champing and restless amid the purh
ing thousands. Hack of the glittering
front of marshal, Generals, aids, with
th«-!r waving plumes jind banners, surgoa
the countless multitude.. Quite as many
¦women were In the throngs as men. Far
over to the left stretched the military es
cort, horse, foot and artillery, nnd ofC to
(he right the State troops, awaiting the
*lKnal to movtj. Above ai! arose the co::
fut-ed sound of a. mighty multitude, ¦wlin
the tramping of many feet, the galloping
of horses, the orders of chiefs and mar
t-hale, the c!ank of sabers and spurs, tin
found «jf an occasional bujj!e and the hum
of many voices. Jt ?s estimated that 40,000
people were packed In thlB assemblage.
Jutting out from the Capitol steps and
met-ping across the front were acr<ts of
treats, hundreds deeD and accommodating
BOM guests. OfT to the right, on the high
portico of the Senate wing, were more
peats, crowded with the distinguished
puet-ts of that body. To the left, on the
House portico. Speaker Henderson's fam
ily and friends mingled "with House lead
irs. Every projecting ledge had been
utilized fur a stand uivl the vast front
teemed with' Its myriad of occupants.
Even the Capitol roofs were alive with
oocunarus.
President Predicts a Bright
Future for Nation,
McKINLEY AND ROOSVELT TAKE THE OATH
Vice President Auspiciously
Inducted Into Office,
WASHINGTON. March 4.-
Standing upon a spot hal
lowed by history and In
the presence of a brilliant
and distinguished assemblage]
Theodore Roosevelt of New York to-day
was inducted Into the office of Vice Presi
dent of the United States. The solentn
oath, the taking: of which places Mr.
Roosevelt In the van In a long Hat of .emi
nent patriots and statesmen, was admin
istered by Senator William P. Frye tt
Maine. -President pro texnpore of the
United States Senate. The ceremony was
thoroughly democratic, yet In Its simplic
ity profoundly impressive. «
The setting of the scene, would lend in
sph-atlon to the artisfs brush. The his
toric Senate chamber, superb In Its whlto
and gold beauty, was without decoration
of any kind. Not even the stars ami
stripes were displayed officially, although.
as the last words of the oath of office fell
from the lies of the stern-visaged. ailver
haired Senator from Maine, and Vice
President Roosevelt fervently clasped hi-*
hand, the galleries were splashed with the
national colors, many silken hand flag*
fluttering breezily among hundreds of
handkerchiefs.
Upon the floor of the chamber, intent
upon the ceremony, were men whoso
names are household words in every city.
Tho President of the United States was
there. Senators and Representatives,
members of the Supreme Court of th<.»
United States, Governors of many States,
members of the diplomatic corps, arm/
and navy officers and men distinguished
in all walks cf life were passive partici
pants in the ceremony. The galleries pro
sented a spectacle of marvelous beauty,
the hundreds of brilliantly attired women,
gay In handsome toilets, lending a color
scene to the almost too somber surround-
As the new Vice President dropped th3
hand of Senator Frye, he glanced upwar 1
at his wife, seated In the executive gal
lery. She was the first of whom ha
thought ir. this momentous hour and to
her he looked for inspiration. An Instant
later this vigorous American and man of
letters and of affairs faced the United
States Senate for the first time as its pre
siding officer. •
INDUCTION IS
MOST SUCCESSFUL
\ Not a flaw in the Induction of the Vies
President Into office was noticeable. Tho
whole was perfectly planned and beauti
fully executed. The Senate was in ses
sion, constructively, having been so slnre
11 o'clock Saturday morning, although
recesses taken at intervals had rendered
the mental and physical strain the more
endurable. Early in the morning the gal
leries had been cleared by an executive
session and they were not opened ag?jn
until 10 o'clock and then only to those wfro
held cards of admission to the Capitol and
to the places reserved for them In the gal
leries. Rapidly the galleries began to fill
and long before the hour for the ceremony
proper to begin, they were thronged to the
doors. Among the first persons of note to
enter the galleries were ladles and at
taches of the diplomatic corps not entitled
to the floor of the Senate. Lady Paunce
fote wife of the British Kmbassador. was
among the early arrivals, as also wa*
Mme. Wu. wife of the Chinese Minister.
Seated in the front row and attirad in a
gown of gorgeous Oriental silks made m
the fashion of her native land and wear
ing a blue silk band studded with dia
monds about her Jet' black hair, she wa3
the cynosure of hundreds of eyes. An
other attractive figure in the diplomatic
gallery was Mme. Takahlra. wife of the
Japanese Minister. Her gown was a revt?
lation of the drapers* art.
ARRIVAL OF THE
VICE PRESIDENT
At 10:30 o'clock the Vice President-elect
arrived at the Capitol, accompanied by
Senator Spooner and Representative Dal
zell. He went directly to the \ ice Presi
dent's room. Shortly before 11:30 ocloc/t
Mrs. McKlnley. escorted by Major Gen
eral Corbin. entered the executive gallery-
She was accompanied by the members of
her house party. She was assisted down
the aisle of the gallery to a front seat,
which had been reserved for her. She
chatted spiritedly with her friends, and at
times smiled recognition to some friend
on the floor of the Senate or In the gal
leries. •' .
Four years ago the venerable mother or
the President, then over 80 years old. was
one of the Presidential party In the exe
cutive gallery, but to-day she was no
Almost simultaneously with the Presi
dential party Mrs. Roosevelt and her
friends, principally relatives, entered. Ac
cempanied by her children she was es
corted to front seats in the gallery, re
served for- them. Just opposite those oc
cupied by Mrs. McKinley.
The exchange of greetings between Mrs.
McKinley and Mrs. Roosevelt was noted
by all. The children of Mr. and Mrs.
Roosevelt, who. with eager eyes, drank
in every detail of the historic occasion,
gazed with wide-eyed wonder upon the
scene, not missing a single Incident or
detail.
Upon th© floor of the Senate the pro
ceedings were in accordance with a defin
ite programme, from which there was no
deviation. The members of the Senate of
the United States, the host of the occa
sion, were seated to the front and to th»
left of the President pro tem. Supporting
the Senate as host were representatives
of the executive and Judicial departments
of the Government, including members of
the Cabinet and House of Representatives
and the Justices of the Supreme Court.
On the opposite— the Democratic— side
of the chamber guests were seated. As
the distinguished bodies entered the
chamber they were announced to the
President pro tem. of the Senate by Mr.'
Stewart and Mr. Layton. the doorkeepers
of the Senate. While the Senator from
Montana. Carter, was pronouncing the
last words of the rites over the river and
harbor bill, "the Speaker and the mem
bers of the House of Representatives"
were announced.' They were seated In the
rear of the rows of Senators' desks.
Speaker Henderson was escorted to a seat
to the right of and just below that of ths
President pro tem.
GREAT WAVES OF
APPLAUSE HEARD
At 11:45 the entrance of tho diplomatic
corps was anounced. Headed by the dean
of the corps. Lord Pauncefote, the Em
baasador of Great Britain, the Embajsa
dors of and Ministers from foreign coun
tries passed down the main aisle. Five
minutes later and nine 8upreme Court
Justices, in their flowing robes, were
seated. Interest by this time wu intense.
All were waiting the appearance of Gov
ernor Roosevelt and President McKinley.
After the golden hand of the great blue
faced, clock. Immediately beneath the
diplomatic gallery, had passed the stroke
of noon the main doors swung 1 op*n *n<J
, "the Vice President-elect of the United
States" was announced. Governor Roose
velt was escorted to his seat on the plat
form immediately to the right of Senator
, Frye. the President pro tem.. by Spooner
of "Wisconsin and Representative Dalzell
of Pennsylvania, of the Congressional in
augural committee. Governor Rosevelt.
frock-coated and handsome, a iplendld
specimen of American manhood, a picture
of perfect health, approached nl3 seat In
a dignified manner. . _.
Meantime the members of the Presi
dent's Cabinet had entered and had been
seated upon the left of the Embassador*.
The somber garb and silk hats of thm
members of the -President s official fam
ily were In striking contrast jrlth the gor
geous uniforms of the members or the
diplomatic corps. • ¦
Following the members of the. Cabinet
came Admiral Dew«y and Lieutenant Gen
eral Miles Both were In the brilliant uni
forms of their high rank and were accom
panied by their aids, also In full uniform.-
Then tho wave of applause which had
greeted the entrance of Vic© President
elect Roosevelt again swept over the gal
leries and Senate as "The President of
the" United States— the President-elect"—
was announced. ,
Just in advance of Senators llanna of
Ohio and Jones of Arkansas and Repre-
THE SAN ERANOISOOfcALli, TUESDAY, MARCH 5, 1001.
2
The Grip Cure That Does Cure.
.Laxative Bromo-Quinln«" removes the cause. •
To Cure a- Cold 'in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo ' Qulnlns Tablets. A1J
diuf gists refund the money If It fails to curt.
E.'W. Grove' ¦ denature is on each box. 23c •
If You Have Dyspepsia
f>nfl no .meney, but write Dr. Ehoop, Racine,
Wls.. box 127. for six bottles of Dr. Snoop's
Restorative: express paid. If cured, pay 15 50—
If not. it Is free.GAYETY RULED THE CAPITAL AT THE INAUGURAL BALL
for her twice accepted lord. She was
dressed like a queen. The committee In
.charge had insisted upon uniform and har
monious decorations. The scheme was su
perb and it was admirably executed. The
gem of all was the court of honor, where
the President reviewed the parade. It ex
tended from the Treasury building, with
Its severe classic facades and columns, to
the State, War and Navy buildings, with
its imposing Italian renaissance architec
ture, comprising the stretch in front of
the Executive Mansion. .Guarding the en
trance were gigantic white pllons sur
mounted by bronze urns for the Greek fire
at night. Doric columns like measured
sentinels' stood before the white-roofed
stands in which the distinguished person
ages were seated, while other columns ran
While Majority Are of a Privata
Character Many Are Very
Important.
McKINLEY SIGNS A
NTTMBEB OF BILLS
WASHINGTON'. March 4. — President
McKinley affixed his signature to about
100 bills passed by Congress, whife at the
Capitol to-day. The greater* portion of
them were of a private character. The
more important follow;
The District of Columbia Civil Code bill:
the naval, appropriation bills; the bills
making appropriations for the postal «erv
lce and for the sundry civil expenses of
the Government: establishing a National
Bureau of Standards; the St. Louis Fair
bill; amending the act authorizing the re
ceipt of United States gold coin in er
change for gold bars; lhe bill requiring
common carriers engaged in Interstate
commerce to make full reports of all acci
dents to the Interstate Commerce Com
mission: amending the act making a fur
ther provision for the civil government of
Alaska.- -
Moser Jury Disagrees.
PEKIN. I1L. March 4.— The case of Sam
Moser. charged with the murder of his
wife and their three little boys, was
given to the Jury at 6:30 this evening. At
9:30 the Jurors sent word to the Judge
that it would be Impossible for them to
agree on a verdict to- night and the court
attaches retired. Tho entire day was de
voted to arguments.'
Frankfort Municipal Ixjan.
. FRANKFORT, March 4.— The Una of
Lazard, Speyer & Elliasen has takerv over
the Frankfort municipal loan of 15,000,009
marks at 2V> per cent, repayable at par
by drawings within 31 years. The loan
will be offered exclusively in New Torlc
through Speyer & Co
tentative Cannon of Illinois, members of
th* Inaugural Committee, the President
stepped briskly down the main aisle to
the historic red leather chair which had
been placed for him In the area immedi
ately In front of the secretary's desk.
When seated the President faced tho dis
tinguished assemblage upon the floor. A*
he seated himseJf the President bowed and)
smiled to Mrs. McKinley. and she returned
the salutation with a pretty wave of her
gloved hand. On each side of tho Presi
dent sat the members of the Congres
sional Inaugural Committee. Senators
Hanna, Spooner and Jones, in the order
named, on his right, and Representatives
Cannon, Dalzell and McRae on his left.
As the assemblage again was seated tho
new Vice President ascended to his desk
to deliver his Inaugural address.
Before tho delivery of the speech tha
venerable . chaplain of the Senate, Rev.
Dr. William H. Mllburn. invoked the dl
vln« blessing: upon the assemblage and
th» ceremonies.
ROOSEVELT'S BRIEF
INAUGURAL ADDRESS
. At tha conclusion of the prayer the-VIca
President began the delivery of his ad
dress.- The Inaugural address was brief,
and was listened to with tho utmost at
tention. In full the address was as fol
lows:
Tho history of fre« gorerma«at is ta Utrr*
part the history of thca« reprcaentattTO legisla
tive bodies in which, frcm the earliest times,
free coverament has found Its loftiest expres
sion. They must ever hold a peculiar and ex.
alted "osltion In tbe-recoiti which tells how
tha ereat nations of th* world fcavs endeav
ored to achieve and preserve orderly freedom.
No man can render to his fellows greater ser
vice than Is rendered by him who, with fear
lessness and honesty, with sanity and dlsin
tereatedneaa, does his Ufa work as a rarmb«;
of such a body, is this the east
wben the Legislature In which tn» servtco ti
rendered is a vital part in- the governmental
machinery of one of those world powers to
whose hands In the course of the acea is en
trusted a leading part In ahaplnjr tho destlnten
of mankind. For weal or for woe, for good
or for erll. this Is true of our own mighty
cation. Oreat privileges and great powers are
ours and heavy are the responsibilities that
go with these privtleeee and thea« power.*.
Accordingly as we do well or ill. so ahall man
kind in the future be raised or cast down. 1V»
belong to a young nation, already of giant
strength, yet whose present strength ia but «t
forecast of the power that la to come. We>
rtand supreme In a continent^ In a hemisphere.
East and west we look across the two great
oceans toward tho largest world llf» in which.
T.-hetber w«. ¦will or not. w» must take an
eter-lncreasing share. And, aa keen-eyed w«
old. rise thick and fast to confront us front
wiyiln and from wltbout. There Is every rea
¦on why we should face these duties with a
sober appreciation alike of their Importance
and of their difficulty. But there ia also every
reason tor facing them with hlsh-hearted
resolution and eager and confident faith In
our capacity to do them aricht. A great work
lies ready to the hand of this generation: It
should count Itself happy Indeed that to It
la given the privilege of doing; such & work.
A leading part therein must be taken by thin.
the august and powerful legislative body over
which I have been called- to preside. Meat
deeply do I appreciate the privilege of my
position, for high Indeed 13 the honor of pre
siding over the American Senate at tho out
set of the twentieth century.
PROCLAMATION OF
PRESIDENT READ
The proclamation of the President call
ing the Senate into extraordinary session
was then -read by th© clerk, the direction
for the reading beiijg the first official or
der of the new Vice President.
At the conclusion of the reading of tha
proclamation the Vice President request
ed the new Senators to present themselves
at the desk to take the oath of Qfnce. The
clerk called the names of the Senators in
groups of four, and as they advanced to
the left of th© Vice President's desk to
take the oath they were greeted with cor
dial applause from the galleries.
A notable reception was accorded Bailey
of Texas by his colleagues in th» House
of Representatives. In succession, as the
men conspicuous in public life, some of
them for many years, advanced to tho
desk, escorted by their colleagues In th©
Senate, they were greeted -with hearty ap
plause. In the first four were Senators
Bacon of Georgia, Bailey of Texas, B^rry
of "Arkansas and Blackburn of Kentucky.
The tierce-mustached Blackburn returns
to the Senate -after several years, and was
given a cordial reception. Following
them were Senators Burnharn. the suc
cessor of Chandler of New Hampshire:
Burton -of Kansas. Cafmack of Tennes
see and Clark of Montana.
In the order named Senators Cullom o?
Illinois. Dolllver of Iowa, thibols of Ida
ho, Elklns of West Virginia, Foster of
Louisiana, Fry© of Maine. Gambe of
South Dakota (PettlgreWs successor),
McMlllIn of Michigan. Majtln of Virginia.
Morgan of Alabama. Patterson of Colo
rado, Sewejl of New Jersey, Simmons of
North Carolina. Tillman of South Caro
lina. Warren of Wyoming and Wetmora
of Rhode Island appeared and took tha
oath. - ' • "
Announcements were made by their col
leagues that Senators McLaurin'of Missis
sippi.'Mitchell of Oregon and Nelson of
Minnesota were detained unavoidably
from the chamber and could not take the
oath at this time. At the conclusion of
the ceremony incident to the swearing In
of the Senators Vice President Roosevelt
directed the sergeant-at-arms to ex^cv.ta
th© order of the Inaugural ceremony.
Colonel Ranadell then conducted President
McKinley, who followed the sergeant-at
arms on the arm of Chief Justice Fuller,
to the President's room, where, with the
Inaugural Committee, he was to await
th» seating of the guests on the platform,
at th© east front of the Capitol before he
appeared there to receive the oath of of
fice and deliver his Inaugural address.
By direction of the Vice President those
entitled to the floor of the Senate proceed
ed to tho inaugural platform where the
Induction Into offlce of President McKta
ley occurred.
Harrison Has Clear Field.
CHICAGO, March 4.— There was no con
test over " the head of the ticket at • the
Democratic primaries held to-day for the
nomination of delegates . to the city con
vention, which -will 'be held to-morrow:
Mayor Harrison "will- have a" clear field
for renominatlon." N
WASHINGTON IN
BEAUTIFUL GARB
Scheme oF Decorations Su-
V^perb and Admirably
Executed.
. . _ . ¦¦ •• • . - .
; WASHINGTON, March A.— Washington
had flecked herself as never, before for
the secojjd Inauguration of McKinley and
the;inductlon into the Vice > Presidency of
Theodore Roosevelt. She. has begri many
times a bride. To-day she was truly regal
SOLDIERS HONOR
MISS HELEN GOULD
Regulars 'and Volunteers
Appreciate Her Work
. for Them.
WASHINGTON, March. 4.-MJss j Helen
Gould' received new evidence to-diky of her
popularity among. the men in all parts of
the-Unlted States who wear the uniform
of 'the nation. S*%88fftt%i
Regulars and volunteers, alike appreciate
what she has done for the soldters in
Cuba, Porto Rico, the Philippines and at
home, and throughout 'this! evening there
was an almost continuous serenade in her
henor at the | Shoreham Hotel. - Military
bands, representing almost every organi
zation now in Washington, played in her
honor, and no . sooner had one concluded
than another was ready to take its place
in paying musical tribute to the friend of
the soldier. •. .
forming a revere-like effect, opening on
a vest of pleated chiffon, overlaid with
the same embroidery of pearl and rhiHc-
Etones which beautify the skirt. The
sleeves were -close-flt.ting and embroidered
in rhlnestones and pearls from shoulder
to waist, where they were finished in a
ruffle of point lace. A diamond necklace
fitted over the high collar. .
Mrs. Roosevelt wore a severely plain
gown of heavy white silk embroidered in
Bilk, made en tralne and finished at the
hem with full rose quilling of lace. The
skirt was veiled in soft French lace dra
peries, caught at each side by graceful
loops of satin ribbons. On the low cor
sage the same designs were carried out.
Strings of pearls 1 were worn around her
neck, from which depended a magnificent
ostrich tip fan. An aigTette of ostrich
tips was worn in her hair, caught in place
by a magnificent crescent of pearls and
diamonds. . > .-•
President McKinley held 1 an informal re
ception in the. upper corridor, Lieutenant
General Miles acting as chief of the. re
ception committee to escort distinguished
guests to the. President.
. Mrs. McKInley's indisposition was of
brief duration, as she was soon able to
be with the President and the brilliant
assemblage in an embowered box over
looking the gay throngs below.
The President occupied a seat near the
rail on the right, with Mrs. McKinley at
his side. To the k£f sat Vice President
and Mrs. Roosevelt. Near the Vice Pres
ident was Governor Odell of 'Sew' York,
while grouped further, back was Major
General Corbln, Admirals Bradford and
Crowninshleld,. Secretary Root/Justices
Harlan and Gray. Senator Lodge, Gover
nor- Stone of Pennsylvania and many
ladies of the Cabinet, army, navy and
the official set. ¦ .
The Presidential party and Vice Presi
dent and Mrs. Roosevelt left the hall at
12:13 o'clock. Before leaving they partook
of a lunch with a iarge number of in
vited guests in the private dining-room
The festivities went on unabated until a
late hour.
tloned at one erd of the hall and for an
hour before the arrival of the Presiden
tial party played patriotic airs.
The Presidential party arrived at 10:30
o'clock. They were preceded by a glitter
ing array of officers in full uniform and
were escorted . to the private olllce of
Commissioner Kvans. which had been lav
ishly decorated. The President bowed
and smiled ns he passed through the
throng:. Senator and Mn». Hanna. Lieu
tenant General and 'Mrs.' Miles, several
Justices cf tUo Supreme Court of the
United States with their -wives -and a
number of the Cabinet circle Joined the
party upstairs. The crowds on the main
floor had been pushed back to make room
for the grand march and the band was
ready to break into the opening strains
of the march from "Tannhauser." But
word came that Mrs. McKinley was Inois
posed and that the President would re
main by her side. The march consequent
ly was abandoned. The band struck up
Etrauss' "Blue Danube" and the first re
gret of the assemblage at missing the
grand march with- the President and the
first lady of the land at its head, gave
way before th« whirl of gayety on the
ballroom floor.
Vice President and Mrs. Roosevelt ar
rived about the time the President came
in. After paying their respects to th<*
President and holding an informal Ie\-ee
amid the groups of Governors, officers.
Senators and distinguished officials the
Yic« President and his wife proceeded to
the ballroom floor.
Xow the scene was at its height, tinder
the golden canopy of the dazzling filigree
of lights moved the thiftlng throng—wo
men in exquisite toilets, dowagers and
matrons in. rare old laces, buds and de
butantes in dainty Paris creations. With
them were officials distinguished In every
branch of public life, grave Supreme
Court Justices. Governors of States, sur
rounded by their brilliantly uniformed
staffs and aids; Kmbassadors and Min
isters in gold lace and decorations; the
highest ranking officers of the army, navy
and marine corps. Senators and Represen
tatives, officers of Troop A, the .Presi
dent's crack organization, in uniforms of
Austrian Hussars. As the orchestra and
band alternated this ever-moving throng
joined in promenade and dance, making
a vast kaleidoscopic picture.
PRETTY GOWNS OF
PROMINENT. WOMEN
Mrs. McKinley wore a most beautiful
white satin goVn made for the occasion.
' Like all • the gowns made for Mrs; Mc-
Klnley it is high in the neck and long. in
the sleeves. The skirt, which Is mads
with an immense train, was trimmed v.itn
two bread ruffles of point lace. Tho bodice
had a deep collar of point lace in the back,
whjch, crossing the shoulders, extended <
half way down the front on either siuw, !
WASHINGTON, Slarch .4.— The
culminating event of the inau
gural festivities was the in
aufifural ball, held to-night in
the vast auditorium of the
Peneiea oSce. As a c^ectacular event It
"was unparalleled In the history of inau
gural balls, in the sumptuousnesa of ar
rangement, in the bewildering splendor of
decoration and of marvelous electrical
effects and in the countless throng tak
ing part in the spectacle.
When the doors of the great structure
were thrown open at 8 o'clock an eager
crowd besieged <very entrance, and lines
of carriages stretched into the surround
ing streets ar.i avenues. Platoons of po
lice, mounted and unmounted, guarded
the outer entrances, keeping back the
rush cf curious spectators and bringing
crfier out of the tangle of carriages.
Through the long-arched entrances, hung
with burning and vines, passed the merry,
j? lea* ure-see ting throng, the women in
.uxur.ou* gowns, with the flash of Jewels
in their hair and at their throats. Soon
the vast interior of the building began
to take on life a.nd animation. The early
oomere bcsled themselves In viewing the
rxijulslte beatules o? the scene.
MOST BEAUTIFUL
ARE DECORATIONS
The decorations of the ballroom had
yellow for their predominating tone. No
cumbersome effect of light or color were
In evidence, but above and on all sides
stretched a wavy, rippling canopy of yel
low burning that covered the walls and
tkylight, and was broken only where the
lining of the President's balcony at the
went end stood out white In bold relief.
Myriads ef vellow electric buibs glowed
and glinted like fireflies in the garlands
of green that entwined the scores of pil
lars 6ur»?orting the g-alleries and shone
out frora the etars and bars of the big
American shields, which. In the midst of
clusters of American flags., huiie high up
in the center of each side of the im
mense, crowded hall.
This scene of decoration with yellow
e«s the all-predominating color was a rad
ical departure from the decorative plan
at the last Inaugural ball. Then three
preat floral bells, studded with color
liztx. w*>re the prominent feature of the
•work. This year lhe soft light effect.'
given, by the broad expanse of golden
color everywhere, •**¦ in sharp and fa
vorable contrast. The subdued yellow
plow from the thousands of frosted ele"c
tric buVb? ma fie the great hall as bright
as xal-lday. The big fountain in the cen
ter of the hall had a billowy mass of the
T>urp> bougainvillaea, the flower of the
Philiprl^'^- *" the midst rose tail "palms
nnd ferns burying scores of yellow light
blossoms. r»nd around the border, fringed
with the white prilre. were placed glided
urn? "f growing plants and florrem
Tn the <*xtreme west of the hall stood
the President's balcony, decked with
groups of Roman wreaths and clouds of
American Beaut v roses, bound •with bright
colored ribbons. Above the executive's
Ftand flashed a big shield of hand-em
broidered f'Mc topped with a fine stuffed
f=7v»<~imen of the" great American eagle.
r»own at the eastern end -was the big
stand! erected for the musicians. It com
nrised in upper and lower story- the
'ormer for the stringed orchestra and the
latter fcr the RccomTnodation of th<* b'c
Inaugural «-horu!» and brass band.* Pack
of the plntrers n.n«l musicians was a glided
roundlng-board which threw the .strains
to r!1 parts of the bic hall. In front h«ng
n r>»*ut1fu .des'.am symbolic of the Muse
«¦>• Melody. in t>.e pbape of a giant green
Ivre -with 5=?T-ings of purple ribVm. «.nd
on either, rMe crossed musical instru
ment?: on the left a lute and trumpet
rnii on 'he riarht p cu'.tar and pipe— all
fr>Fhlnv.^A of green leucothoe with strings
at purple.
LIGHTS FLASH IN
DAZZLING ARRAY
The balustrades and archways present
ed a brilliant scene. No less than seven
rv-slx stars, formed each of eleven frost
ed globes, were Ect between the arches
on the ground floor and shone radiant
Through a network of green against a
background glinting Troth powdered glass.
Suspended beneath each star and below
draped festoons of smilax were shimmer
taz trailers of preen and electric bulbs
tipped with a yellow globe. The gilt pillars
m-cr« enshrouded In vines and gr«*enery
and above the bright circlets of light that
crowned them were placed Invisible boxes
of jrrowinjr tulips, daffodils, azaleas and
jonquils. In the pecond balcony the same
Frherne of decoration was laid out. except
that 1n lieu of the stars were hung- elec
tric lights In clusters of three, covered
with soft "-yellow, transparent paper and
producing a beautiful effect. Back under
the balcor.lo* on the ground and second
floors- wreaths of Rxeen were hung at reg
ular interval?. linked by loops of vines and
smilax. Seventy-six additions) posts had
been placed on the top balcony, each cne
furmountwi by a glowing bulb of lisrht.
jjetw«»en * them an<T bordering the railing
Of the balcony all the way around were
fcox*s of cut and growing flowers, in great
profusion of color.
Two endless chains of light studded
(T>>en below the balconies ¦ looped and
swung completely around the Immense.
hall, each top end a hive of brilliant vel
low globes, each . trailing streamer alive
with tiny glow-lights.
• Off to the M«1e on the second balcony
were the President's anC Vice President's
rooms, the. diplomats' room and forty oth
rr rooms appropriately embellished for
public reception and promenade. The
President's room was draped entirely In
white and mart« beautiful with pink rib
bons with orclUds and green. The other
rooms held to the all-pervading yellow,
decorated with ferns and smilax. In the
diplomatic room the flftgs of all nations
were clustered and .intertwined and lent
a brilliant background for the gorgeous
uniforms and regalia of the diplomatic
officials. Alongside the main building had
bern. built a large dlnlng-hall. decorated
with red and white, and .decorated with
green.
The expense of the decorations entire
is set down at about $15,000. The floral
and electric decorations alone came to
nearly C9.O00, there being no less than
15 .ono electric lights Involved in the illumi
nation.
GRAND MARCH HAS
TO BE ABANDONED
The United States Marine Band and an
orchestra of a hundred pieces were cta-
Vast Throng Assembles and
Dances in the Great
Pension Building*
Temporary Illness of Mrs- Mc-
Kinley Causes the Grand
March to Be Abandoned*
Bewildering Splendor of the
Decorations and . Marvel
¦
ous Electric Effects-
BRILLIANT SCENES AT THE INAUGURAL BALL
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 5, 1901.
Continued from Second Page.
VICE PRESIDENT
INDUCTED INTO OFFICE
In a semi-circle through the White House
grounds. It was as beautiful as th© set
tins in a theater.
The brilliant pyrotechnic display sched
uled for the night was postponed on ac
count of the weather, but at the beauti
fully, decorated Pension building fair wo
men and their escorts danced and passed
the time until the early hours of the
mornlEg. -¦-*
3MADRID. March C— L*st evening Senor
Villavwde conferred with the Queen Re»
pent, informing her that he bad -failed to
DIAMONDVILE MINE
: SOOH TO BE REOPENED
Everything Is Quiet in Neighborhood
and Preparations Ars Being Made
for 'the Inquest. • •. >
SALT LAKE. Utah.March. 4.— A- special
to the, Tribune-from Dlamondvllle.-Wyo.,*
cays: Kvery thing is very, auiet here to
night. The twenty bodies which were
brought, s up from .the mine this : ntornlng
have '.: been % removed | from-', the morgue:
Thirteen of, them are placed -in. -the- -Odd
Fellows'; Hall,' and the .other seven, whe
are Finlanders, have been taken 1 to ; Finn
Hall.'The inquest will be held to-morrow
VIENNA; March 4.— Miss Sybil Sander
son (Mrs. Antonio Terry), the singer, has
arrived in Vienna from Budapest and will
sing here next Friday.
Nothing Is known In this city to Justify
the report circulated In- the United States
that she recently attempted to commit
suicide in the Hungarian capital.
Nothing Known to Justify Report
That She Attempted to Commit
*h'JV»* Suicide;
SYBIL SANDERSON
ARRIVES AT VIENNA
UPTON, Ind., March 4— At 6 'o'clock
this evening the police discovered that a
mob had been quietly organized prepara
tory to lynching R. II. Edwards, a well
known citizen, aged 65 years, who was
ledged in Jail this morning charged with
taking Improper liberties with the 11-year
old daughter of W. H. Ross, a prominent
citizen. The Sheriff has communicated by
wire with Governor JDurbin at Indianapo-»
Us. and ass a result the latter has ordered
the local militia company, out to guard
! the prisoner.
Mob Is Quietly Organized in Indiana
to Lynch Aged R. H.
Edwards.
MILITIA ORDERED OUT - l^o V*
TO'- GUARD A PRISONER-
?h» th PrL n I f 1 aV(^ rabl 1. weat i ier and from this
the President conducted the review
The parade was hours passing a
« »r"i p ,? int ' Thirty-one thousand men
Ti, ? lu ln x e and U was not unt 'l 6 o'clock
that the rear of th« procession filed past
the reviewing staml and saluted. •
f Washington to-nii;ht Is In a blaze of
gnt. Tho.- court of /honor. is brilliantly
illuminated. Huge braziers on top of a
dozen large pillars are. blazing with red
n . re v. A ; hundred thousand incandescent
electric lights are flashing. The great in
hS?i l i lra l ftffl I s fn P^ress. Tt is the most
brilliant was ever 'given in Wash
n*|°n.. The interior of the Pension Office
is like fairyland. President and Mrs. Mc-
Kinley attended and received the con
gratulations of # many thousand persons.
\ fVf K{-u de 1 t r wa3 "eady: for -hie. return
»?" ? i* h lte Ilouso t,oon after 2 o'clock.
Mounted policemen cleared the .way In
front of the Capitol. The President's
coach and four rolled under the marble
archway. It appeared 1ft a- few .minutes
with the President and Senators Hanna
and Jones and Representative Cannon in
side. . . • - •• ¦ . .
Tho rainfall Had diminished, but was
still coming, down in an unpleasant driz
zle, ihe crowd all along the route, how
ever remained waiting patiently for tho
President and -the parade. » The enthu
siastic welcome accorded to the President
on Mils ride to the Capitol waa repeated on
h iVL.r et - u r n ' Soon ; alter arriving.- at the
White House grounds the President en
tered the reviewing stand.'f.'A glass "en
closure had- been provided in anticipation
enormous crowd swayed from one side to
the other like an uneasy sea. Gradually
it began to melt away. When'the Presi
•dent concluded with his impressive peror
ation six acres of spectators had dwindled
tp .less than an acre and a half. v. Those
who remained. vigorously cheered Mr. Mc-
Klnley at his conclusion. After the speech
the President received congratulations.
Then he swiftly walked up the aisle un
der. Senator Hanna's umbrella and dis
appeared into the Capitol, where he had
luncheon, , . • .
As the President disappeared the signal
from the dome of the Capitol flashed the
news to the monitor Puritan lying at the
navy yard- and the roar of her battery
gave -the Presidents talutc of twenty-one
Before the President was half through
his speech the rain was corning down in
torrents. Those who had '.umbrellas and
hoisted . them were immediately' assailed
In their fear and hali a dozen, figrhts were
going on in the crowd at. one time. "The
IN BLAZE OF GLORY
President McKlnley pressed to his lips
a leaf of the open Bible. He had become
President a second time. ' He stepped for
ward, produced a handful of 'manuscript
and .boean his address. . . . . • , .
INAUGURAL CLOSES v
Tso time was to be wasted. The cere
monies at once began. Chief Justice Ful
ler stepped to the President's -side.- Mr.
McKenney. clerk of the Supreme Court,
stepped up to the tribune with a bible In
his hands.- The Chief Justice uncovered.
Tht» President raised his. right, hafid. The
oath by which the President swears to
support the laws and the constitution cf
the United States was Administered in
dead silence. -
little house that' had been erected for him.
It»was raised above, the rest of the stand.
I.t consisted merely of a roof and was
open on-all f6ur sides. In the absence of
a better name". It: is called a "tribune,"
and the term-pleases those who, were lik
ening the proceedings to the inauguration
of an empire. Mrs. McKlnley beamed on
her husband, and graciously shook. hands
with Vice President Roosevelt. Mrs.
Roosevelt and the Roosevelt children were
not far away.
CHIEF CHAMPION OF PROTECTION INAUGURATED SECOND TERM
Continued From' First Page.
SPOKANE. March 4.— Arnle Stevens, the
minstrer'man who was shot by Henry
Graves in a flzht over a poker game last
night, died early this mornine. At the
Coroner's inquest to-day the Jury found
that. the shooting was justifiable, and thi
Prp3ecutinK Attorney ordered Graves re
leased. ¦ ..!''___ : •
Invents Submerged Waterwhcel.
.VANCOUVER, B. C, March 4.— Colonel
Mavis, manager of the British Columbia
Syrup and Refining Company and former
ly a well-known. resident of San Francis
co, has patented In the United States and
Canada a submerged water wheel for pro
ducing: power. Th.e wheel is said by engi
neers who have examined It to be entirely
practicable and i to overcome the hitherto
unsurmountable difficulties of developing
Kreat " pressure from totally submerged
wheels.
ARNIE STEVENS DIES.
• . Larkspur.
SAN RAFAEL, March 4.— Fred Sarcan
der, foreman .of the Hotaling ranch, near
Larkspur, had a narrow escape from be
iHP killed by an enraged bull to-day. The
animal had broken out of Its corral, ami
Sarcander, mounted on a thoroughbred
stallion, endeavored to drive It back. The
bull, a half-wild Holstein, attacked hors*
,and rider, throwing both over its head.
Sarcander souRht . Safety In" flight, but
the stallion went at the bull with tee;h
and" hoofs. The fight was terrlnc for a
few minutes. The hull gored the stalllo'i
terribly, but the thoroughbred had nearly
killed his antagonist ere he was roped and,
drawn reluctantly ,away from the contest.
Two Brutes in a Terrific Combat
on a Ranch Near
STALLION SAVES RIDER
" FROM ENBAGED -BULL
/McKinley h«ard of It and! sent for the
committee. He orderM that the veterans
of -the Union army, instead of being left
to squabble for a place in the procession,
should stand about his own carriage as
his personal guard of honor, and as they
trudged down the great avenue, many of
them bent beneath their weight or years,
and escorted their old comrade to the Cap
itol, there were. v fcw so dull that did not
see In their faded uniforms and In their'
feeble step beauty so perfect as to capture
all hearts and fill all o.yes with tears
The tact and skill with which the PresU
dent settled this not altogether creditable
affair Is a sidelight' upon those character.
Istlcs of the man which have contributed
so much, to the success of his administra
tion. From the humblest citizen upon
the streets to the highest official of the
nation, all bear willing tribute to that
Kindliness of manner, that sauvlty- of tem
per, that genuine inter.est in the happiness
of others, which, have ffiven to the Execu
tive Mansion (luring: the last, four years
a reputation for perfect hospitality. It
has not' been reserved for party f rlenth*
and associates alone; it has been extend
ed to his adherents and his opponents
alike. He has. done more than any" man
since Abraham LJncolr. uttered 'those
heart-broken words. "We are not ene
mies, but friends, ¦ to complete the victory
of the old Tjnion army by perfect restora
tion of fraternity and good will between
all sections of this once divided country
There, are few men here tn private or
public life too .blind to perceive that Presi
dentMcKinley ha* the sympathy of all
parties and aJl factions, because all be
lieve that he is a patriot, using the influ
ence of his great office to guide the nation
into the larger opportunities that belone
to the century which Is to be pre-emi
nently American in Its benisrrant influ,
ence on the progress of the'world and
now that "the. pomp .of yesterdav."
bedraggled and weather-beaten, has fade!
throughout our vast domain the sentiment
uttered at the "first inaugural of Wash
ington will be repeated: "Lonsr live Wil
liam McKlpley, President of the. United
Veterans Honored.
A .few days ago the old soldiers of the
Union army, after -a. controversy ¦with ihe
local committee, refused to occupy a sun
orilinate place in the line of march, ar.d
for a time -it looked as though the old
guard had been pushed' aside from- its
accustomed place in this national spec
tacle. Local newspapers said it was all
right— that these scarred and broken men
had grown so old^nnd so weak- that their
unsteady. step would really interfere with
the beauty of '.he movement. Many said:
"Lot them go to the rear and let young
fellows take their place who can do a
quick step and a two-step."
Even those who are offended by the os
tentation, of individual .wealth, by . the
parade arid ridiculous grandeur of Ameri
can millionaires trying. to keep 1 , up with
European courts, find no fault with these
splendors and see nothing to condemn In
these gorgeous recreations. These belong
to the people themselves and everybody
feels that the magnificence in 'which all
have a share expresses the beauty and
dignity of national life. .,'¦-¦¦•-•
In spite of "exhortation", • heedless alike
of 'warning and of lamentation, nobody
has had' time to consider with appropriate
Bolemnltywhether an inaugural ball, with
a five-dollar ¦ limit, can- -.put on good
clones enough to make-It a suitable nu
cleus for a coming empire. • On the other
hand one need only be Jostled for an hour
In the throng which for days has; been
Grandeur and l>ig^nity:
But the . average American was. not
bothered by these specters to-day as he
stood In the rain to catch a .glimpse of
the performers or sat in a reserved seat
of a grand stand on the avenue to | see
the procession draw its slow length
along. " .
A vast sum of money has been ex
pended to provide, for the convenience
and entertainment of these people. Some
have denounced this extravagance, with
its courts of honor, its flasHing uniforms
and Its- social festivities, managed on 'a
scale so vast as to almost bewilder the
imagination. Some have even claimed to
see in it all shadowy figures with crown
and regal garments surrounded by people
on horseback, with' swords in their hands
and hostility to our institutions In their
hearts. ' .
The ' general prosperity of the country
turned the thoughts of citizens able- to
command, weeks of- leisure toward the
Capitol and multiplied thousands have
passed its gates. In various states o.f
discomfort and fatigue t"hey ! have wlt
hesB«?d • the superb pageantry In which
the President of the United- States has
been a' conspicuous figure. ,
CALL BTJREArV 1406 G STREET.
N. VI',, WASHINGTON, March
4.— The second inauguration of
William' McKinlex has filled the
• capital with' people. The cere
mony was such as never before wit
nessed on a similar occasion. -Tl)e day of
this ceremony long ago became -the great
day of our political feast. The simple
yet stately proceedings on. the streets,' -in
the Senate chamber and before the-multi
tudes at the east portico of the Capitol
have never been so impressive.
BY SENATOR JONATHAN P. DOLLIVER.
surging through the- corridors of the
Capitol to- understand how it has hap
pened that the tale of woe which came
out of last fall's campaign, somewhat dis
figured but still in the ring, has become
even In the Senate of the United States
a mere formality of party' opposition: a
mere habit left over from* morbid and un
natural political surroundings'.
On all tongues have been heard words
pf faith and hope and courage. In all
heartB have been found an inspiration for
pride and satisfaction and exalted enthu-
Biasm.' The President, after greeting his
wife, who sat frail and radiant in the
place of honor on the inaugural platform,
addressed his countrymen in words that
will be memorable in- the annals of our
time. If there was a sickly 'imagination
anywhere" niled with fantasmfj in purple
robes it must have caught the spirit of
the scene and dismissed these creatures
of its fears. American people saw stand
ing there,* with . the ¦ President of the
United States the superb figure of the re
public, united n.n.1 free, ready and eager
for the service of. mankind and rejoicing
like a. strong man to run a race.. And if
any American In search of coronation ex
ercises had looked into the Senate cham
ber and seen the . Supreme Court and
Cabinet, - generals and admirals, Embas
sadors and foreign Ministers," • Senators
and Representatives, huddled together,
many of ,thera with their overcoats on
and cotton umbrellas under their arms,
he would at once have seen that what
ever becomes of crowned heads of other
countries, the. American . plug hat was
permitted at least to serve out its unex-.
pired term.
Troops. in Line.
The Inaugural parade reviewed " by p.
distinguished group from the platform 'in
front of the. White House wag not lack
ihg in evidence that our Institutions are
still doing- business at the old stand. As
the great columns moved down Pennsvl
vanla avenue under ekles which refused
to be overruled by the weather-bureau
of the Department of Agriculture, Secre
tary "Wilson was heard to mutter., as he
stood. In: the rain, that on the next, occa
sion of this sort in- which he participate!
he would take the matter out of the hands
of. his subordinates and attend to the
weather business himself. It was an im
pressive march, and U would be hard to
pay In which division the spectators took
more interest. •
_The regulars were there. 5000 strong: the
National Guard, of neighboring State*
regiment after regiment: scores of Gov
ernors with thetr military" staff; the cadets
?.», mi . litary and naval academies, and po
litical clubs from nearly every American
city, besides citizens en foot that nobody
could locate. -. -.• •.
The Italian bark SHlan, Captain Palaz
xa. sailed from Pensacola December IS for
Genoa.
ORAX. Algeria. March 4.— A vessel re
ported to be named -the Chill, but which
Is probably the Si'lan. has' been wrecked
in this vicinity. Six of. those on board
were drowned.
Believed to Be the Italian Bark Sil-
Ian, Bound From Pensacola to
Genoa.
VESSEI. WBECKED OFF
COAST OF AI.GEBIA
CHICAGO. March 4.-Dr. Montagu
"White has been appointed by the Ameri
can Transvaal League. Its delegate an<1
envoy to represent me league and
branches in the United States at th<* con
gress to be held in Paris. France. March
12. of all societies and associations exist
ing in any part 'of the -world tr> befriend
and aid the Boers of the South African
republic.
The Chancellor of- the Exchequer. Sir
Michael Hiclts-Bcach. replying to a ques
tion in the House of Commons aa to
w nether the Government proposed to r<»
cover from the British South Africa Char
terfd Company the claims of the Trans
vaal arising from the Jameson raid, said
the claim for £1.000.000 for a moral and In
tellectual damage was illegal. Regarding
the balance. £€27.928 of this claim, the Co
lonial Office was taking the advice of the
law officers of the crown. He. as Chan
cellor, would be delighted to find ther*
was a chance of obmlnin^ money from
this unexpected source.
"Surrfr-ders continue in that district.
Over nfty men with a commandant camo
in March 2."
"Sixteen men of the Victorian Rifle*
rave captured thirtv -three Boers and fifty
horse? ut S^acow River.
"General Dartn^ll has captured a Hotc*-.
kiss near Pietertieff.
"Babington has dug up a Krupp. a pom
pom and some ammunition at Landfon
tein.
"Dcwet was movbj on Phllipolls. but
was headed off by^iur troops, and is now
marching on Fauresmith.
LONDON. March 4.— A dispatch frrtm
General Kitchener, dated Pretoria. March
4. sa.\s:
Kitchener Reports That Sur
renders Continue in Pie
tertieff District.
DEWET MARCHING
ON FAURESMITH
There *re two or three monuments tr»
General Greene in America, but his tomb
was unmarked nnd until to-day Its where
abouts was unknown.
The Rhode Island Society of Cincinnati
of which General Greene was the first
president, and many Americans have al
ways thought U a pity that no one kr.ew
where hs was burjed. and an effort li
clear up the mystery wa3 determined
upon.
To-day. howe\er. a vault was opened
that contained n plate hearing the nam«
of General Greene, and there were also
found three button.-* of the. colonial period
that are Supposed to have been on the
uniform of General Greene when the
burial took place. This la on* of th«
most Important diseoverl*>«i of Its kind
made !n the United States for manv
years.
CHESTER. Ea., March 4.— The steamer
Oregonian, built for the American-Ha
waii Steamship Company, which stuck on
the ways on February- 19. was launched
to-day at Rich's shipyards. -The vessel
will ply between New York, San Fran
cisco and Honolulu:-
Oregohiari' Launched.
DENVER, Colo., March 4. — The execu
tive committee of the American CatUe-
Growers* Association 'met here to-day to
arrange for the opening of the first annual
convention, .which occurs hero to-morrow.
The committee decided to recommend that
none but actual cattle-growers be ad
mitted.. This was in response to applica
tions from, stockyard men and others.
Most of the* time was taken up In drawing
up a constitution and by-lays to be sub
mitted to the convention. . ' •
Cattle-Growers' Convention.
CHICAGO, March. 4.— Charles Morrill.
of the firm, of C. A. Morrill & Co., tea
merchants, was shot in the head and
severely injured to-day by John . Correa*
a bookkeeper, who then committed sui
cide. The shooting ls'sald to have result
ed from a dispute over the firm's books.
Mr. Morrill will recover.
chant, Is Seriously Injured by
His Bookkeeper.
Charles Morrill, a Chicago Tea Mer-
SHOOTS EMPLOYER AND
COMMITS SUICIDE
HAVANA. March 4.— Th* attorneys for
ex-Postal Director Kathbone have filed
objections to the action of the court re
quiring him lo furnisn JJOOO additional
bonds. The objections probably will b«
sustained, as the new charges are based
on old evidence.
The Government his decided to try all
persons implicated in the Cuban postal
frauds at the same time as C. F. P. Neely.
Attorneys for Ratbbone Object to His
Being Required to Furnish Ad
• ditional Bonds. .
ALL WILL BE TRIED AT
SAME TIME AS NEELY
CHARLESTOWN, W. Va.. March 4.-
The Inauguration of State officers took
place at noon to-day." Speeches were made
by the outgoing Governor. Atchlson. and
the incoming Governor, White. Governor
White said in his inaugural address:'
"The question of the proper control of
corporations and trusts is a live one. The
size of The corporation does not affect
the principle Involved. It is what the
corporation does or peeks to do which de
termines its character for public good or
public detriment. A certain amount of
publicity may well be exacted of all cor
porations, at least to ' the extent of as
certaining their reliability and whether
they are worthy of credit and confidence,
and also to sld In detenvilnir>g their lia
bilities for taxation. A list Of the stock
holders and shares held by them would
assist materially ir. pocurmc taxation of
stocks in West Virginia enterprises held
by non-resident owners."
for Controlling Trusts and
Corporations.
Governor White Speaks on Methods
OFFICERS- INAUGURATED
IN WEST VIRGINIA
"I will further a-gree to do everything In
my power to protect him from any pcr
: sonal violence and. mistreatment while he
le in my custody, and will aid him in
every ™a>' to establish his innocence of
'the crime." •
OMAHA. Neb., March . 4.— Pat Crowe.
one of the alleged abductors of Edward
Cudahy 'Jr.. has written a letter to the
World-Herald, postmarked Denlson. Iowa.
March 2. touching on the kidnaping nnd
asserting his innocence. The communica
tion is a lengthy one. and In many re
spects Is a duplicate of the letter written
to Mr. Cudahy thre*» w«*ks ago. Chief of
Police Donahue says there Is no doubt In
his mind as to the genuineness of the let
ter and o'f its coming from Crowe. .
Chief Iionahue also gave out the con
tents of a letter he wrote February 9 to
Steve Crowe, a brother of Pat. and which
was written In answer to the letter re
ceived by Mr. Cudahy at that time. The
chief says:
"If " Pat Crowe will surrender himself
to me personally I will waive all rights
to the reward offered for his arrest: also
to the reward offered for his arrest and
conviction for the kidnaping of Edward
Cudahy Jr."; on the night of December IS.
1P0O." and continues: •
Air Right to- Re-ward if
Man Surrenders.
Chief Donahue Says He Will Waive
PAT CROWE AGAIN
DECKA.BES HIS INNOCENCE
SAVANNAH. Ga.. March 4.— After
having been burled and lost 115
years, the remains of General Na
thaniel Greene, a hero of th£
American Revolution, were dis^
covered in Savannah to-day.
"They were found through the efforts of
the Rhode Island Society of Cincinnati.
For weeks Colonel Asa Bird Gardiner of
New York anJ a local committee have
been at work tzi Colonial Park, formerly
used for a cemetery, searching for some
trace of the remains of the friend of
Washington and the American people.
There werfc many who thought the re
mains would never be found, as tradition
had It they had been spirited away aftt'r
the public interment in 17S6.
mewing. Most of the bodies will be
buried here. The -mine will be in lull
operation^ln a few days.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
Remains of the Brave Revolutionary
Hero Lie in What Is Now Known as
Colonial Park at Savannah, Georgia
NATHANEL GREENE'S
TOMB AT LAST FOUND
LONDON. March 4.-The Duke of Bed
ford in the House of Lords to-day started
a. discus-sion of army matters by asking '
fir Information on the military adminis- |
traticn and the War Office.
Ix>rd Wolseley arose after the Duke of
Bedford had . done speaking and for two
or three hours he attacked the military
system of Great Britain, in a carefully
v.ritten speech, which it is understood he
had lone meditated and praised in con
sultation with his friends.
"My arguments." he said, '"are not di
rected against the individuals but against
the military system which I have honestly
tried for five years and have found want
ing, ar.d which entails many great dan
gers not realized by the people of this
realm."
.Lord Wolseley said he had worked with
the Marquis of I.ansdjwn« and there had
not been a single disagreeable incident.
His complaint was that the professional
commander in chtef was robbed of his
<-hief usefulness. He had to hand over
the ccrr.mand and the entire management
of the array to a civilian .Secretary of
State, assisted by subordinates with whom
hf dealt direct. The responsibility for ev
erything rested with the Secretary of
Kiate alone. The commander in chief
could only bring strongly the wants of the
army to the Secretary. He had often done
so. After thtit he could do no more. He
added:
Wants of Army Unheeded.
"Although the various needs are undis
puted, not oniy are no *-teps taken to meet
Jhf-m. but no one outside of the Oovern
mmt is aware <hat th~ir urgency has been
raised. The Government has thought it
advisable for economic reasons to post
pore their provision, but yet it will not
take the nation into' .Is confidence. Thar
ftioh important demands for men aud
stores have been put iorward by experts
and nevertheless refused, I cannot assert
too emphatically. It behooves Parlia
ment to devise a plan by which strong
representations made and still refused
should be laid before the nation, for it to
decide between «he experts and the econ
omists. In no other way can we safe
guard the empire from great and un
known perils. Many an evening at the
fnd of a day's work I have felt sick at
heart when 1 contemplated the great na
tional risks deliberately accepted by the
?Jovernment which hauDened to be in of
fice. Why were they so accepted?. Be
<-ause it ¦was not then ijolitically expedient
to ask Parliament for money."
Lord Wolseley outlined the present sys
tem, which he said was entirely unsuitetf
for the army.. under which It would never
be efficient, an-1 he doubted much If they
would ever have a contented army.
When he accepted the office of com
mander in chief he had been told It wae
proposed to Introduce regulations greatly
altering the position of future command
cry In chief. When he learned the nature
of th«^se changes they were not to his
liking, but he had honestly given them
five y*»ar«' trial and was convinced they
would never make an *>JTective army. Up
to 1KS*5 he (the commander irt chief* was
responsible to the Secretary of State that
the army was thoroughly trained for war.
Since 1835 the responsibility had been
with the T'nder Secretary of State, with
subdivisions, each under a military head
and each advising the Secretary of 'State
without reference to the- commander in
chief. Lord Wolseley pointed out in de
tail how the distribution of responsibility
disorganized and impaired the war ma
chine. It was an unworkable and impos
sible system. The commander in cnlef
had no effective control. Neither bad the
beads of departments, and the work and
cross references in all branches had been
largely increased.
Jfo Love for War Office.
'.'My Lord*. I need scarcely tell you,"
Faid Ix»rd Wolseley, Impressively., "that
our soldiers do not love the War Office
nor its civilian rulers. Tou cannot flout
the sentiment of the army without injur
ing its morale."
- InfconcluRion Lord Wolseley said: "It
might reasonably be afked. if the army
system is so bad, how it was that such
a large army was dispatched to South
Afrira in so satisfactory a manner? The
answer i* simple. No army system,
however bad. would be nllowed to stand
tn the way at such a time by officials like
thos»» composing the headquarters staff
In If33.
"I have known th« TV'ar Office, for twen
tywight years, and I unhesitatingly say
It could not have been composed of bet
t*r men than those serving when Pn»i
dent Krugcr declared war. They were
eftVotlvf-Iy h>-lp*>d by the generai* ! and
ether officers at the port* of embarka-r
tlon. aJl of whom were determined that
the army should be dispatched, system or
r,n eyctem.
"But in so doing they were not helped
by the new nrray system. . If ev«r the his
tory of what was then done was fully
written the country will realize how
much it r.wes. to those officials, and how
little to the new fanglcd experimental
and unmilitarv system ««nfler which they
w^re sunpo«Ad 1o work."
Wolseley Says Commaiider
in-Chief Is Robbed of
His Usefulness.
ATTACKS BRITISH
ARMY SYSTEM
At 31:4^ o'clock last night, after the
Senate conferees on th«> river and harbor
bill had reported a disagreement. Senator
Carter b^gan his speech. Apparently in
a facetious vein he began his attack
upon ihe measure, denouncing it a«
vicious and pernicious legislation, unwar
ranted by conditions and unsound in
principle.
Shortly before t o'clock Allison submit
ted a further disagreement on the sundry
civil bill, the it«-m in contention being the
appropriation for three expositions. From
this the. Senate receded and then passed
the Pt. Ixms exposition bill. Tillman, who
has championed the appropriation fo.-
Charleston throughout the session, made
a final rpp^al to the Sena to to save th»
Charleston item, but he realized that t!>->
Missouri Senators wore more powerful
than he. By the vote «>f 3S to 1 the S— •-
ate rr-recieA from the Charleston provi-
Fioi. and the bill was passed. •
Carter resumed his speech, finally a-i
nounclng at 6:35 o'clock that it was his
intention not to permit the river and har
bor bill to become a law if his strength
should hold out. and saying that at thut
moment he was In excellent physical con
dition. With the exception of a brief In
termission while a quorum was b^ing «=•»
c*ired and a recess of half an hour be
tween 10:30 and 11 o'clock to-day. Carter
.poke practically continuously. He yielded
the floor only after th» ceremony of tho
induction of Vice President Roosevelt Into
cfflre ha<5 begun.
In retiring ns til" President pro tem. of
the Senate. Fry*, in response to a resolu-
WASHINGTON*. March 4.-One
of the most notable occur
rences in the history of Con
gressional legislation marked
the closing hours of the last
session <nt the Fifty-sixth Congress. Sen
ator Carter of Montana signaJized his re
t!r«-m<*nt from the Senate after six years
of brilliant service by talking the riv«r
pr.d harbor bill to d<^ath. He occupied the
floor constructively for nearly- thirteen
consecutive hour*, although in the aggre
gate about three hours of that time were
devoted to other business. #
tlon of thanks for tils courtesy and im
partiality, delivered" a brief but feeling
address to the Senate. ¦' -i
At the conclusion of the session of th»
Fifty-sixth Congress Vice President
Roosevelt was sworn in and Immediately
railed the Senate of the Fifty-seventh
Congress to order. It was .a simile but
beautiful and Impressive ceremony. The
new Senators were sworn in in groups of
four. At the conclusion orthls" proceeding
the Senate attended the inauguration o*
the President on the east front of the
Capitol. At 1:45 o'clock the Senate re
turned to its chamber .and adjourned Im
mediately until to-morrow.
ADJOURNMENT OF THE- HOUSE.
¦Hfndrity Leader Offers Resolution
Thanking Speaker Henderson.
WASHINGTON. March 4.— The Houto
closed Tts session at 11:15 to-day amid a
demonstration from US members follow
ing the delivery of an impressive valedic
tory-by Speaker Hendrrson. For an hour
the body had been ir the throes of dis
solution, with little bttrlnesa to perform.
The galleries were almost empty, for
there were too manv sights' and scer.c3
without the building and too many re
strictions on admission to permit an over
flowing ass^mulage. Here and there .on
the desks of members were great clusters
of flowers, paying farewell -tribute to
thoir services.
Shr.rtly i <?frnv» the. closing hour Rich
ardson of Trnr.es.-ee. the minority leader,
jirosentcd resolutions testifying: the hifjh
regard of the House for the able, impar
tial and dlpnrn>d manner in which Speak
er Henderson had administered the duties
of presiding -officer. Coming from the mi
nority, there -was adcud slrrnlflcarice in
the tribute. The resolutions were unan
imously adopted by u. rising vote. -Then
th«» Speaker, in slow and impressive tones,
delivered his closing words to the Hous-?,
thanking the members for their co-opera
tion through a busy and eventful Con-
Kres=F.
He concluded at 11.43 and announced
the sessions of the House of the'F^fty
sixth Congress adjourned.
construct a Cabinet arid -nuwt decline to
pursue the endeavor further. >
FIVE MEN KILLED
IN A MINE ACCIDENT
i *
Unexploded Shot Is .Accidentally
Discharged, Setting Off a Box
of Powder.
JOPL1N; Mp., Mar«.h ?.— Five men were
killed and two others" seriously injured in
n mine accident at .the Ingleside zinc mine
in Center Valley, eigin'mllcs east of'Jop
lin. to-day. The de.id are:
HALE FOSTER.
GEORGE WILSON.
WILLIAM BUZZARD.
FITZ MORRIS. •
ED STOTHARD.
The injured: William Danlelas and John
Burton.
The peven men were in the ground cut
ting a drift from the . main shaft.
The five men klllci were confined in
the drift and the other two were in the
main shaft. Early ' this morning 1 two
shots had been flrM. but the whole charge
failed to explode. This afternoon a whoie
box- of powder was sent down into the
mine.
One of the men accidentally discharged
en unexploded shot and the box of powder
was set off, resulting: in terrible destruc
tion.
A man at the surface entrance of the
mine v/as thrown thirty feet in the air.
Center Valley Is an Isolated place and
details are not yet obtainable.
SENOR BRAVO WELCOMED
BY IMMENSE DELEGATION
In Course of Incendiary Speech, He
Condemns Government of the '
- United States.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. March 4.— Senor
Bravo, a delegate to. the constitutional
convention at Havana, arrived here to
day on . his . return and was met at the
wharf by an immense delegation with
bands and banncfrs. Thousands of peo
ple. SO per cent of whom were negroes,
took part in the demonstration which fol
lowed on the, plaza. .
In the course of an incendiary speech
Senor- IJravo condemned the- Government
of the United States and the crowd be
came frenzied, shouting, "Down with the
Americans." A few of the latter who
were present laughed good naturedly.
PORTION OF BUSSIAN
AGREEMENT WITHDRAWN
tervention and Aid in the
China Appeals to the Powers for In-
Matter.
PEKING. March i.— Russia has with
drawn a portion of the Husso-Chlnese
agreement regarding Manchuria and
China has appealed to the powers in, the
matter..
The Empress Dowager, it Is rumored,
expressed reluctance to return to Peking.
LONDON. March 4.— The Peking corre-
Fpondint of the Pall Mall Gazette, tele
graphBig March 2. says:
The Emperor will return to Peking at
the end of March. A bodyguard Is al
ready assembling at Slanfu.
The foreign Ministers have demanded
the death of twelve additional high offi
cials and the punishment, of ninety pro
vincial mandarins. ;
Smallpox has broken out among the
allied troops. * .
CHICAGO MEN. START
ON TOTJB OF THE WEST
Special Train Bearing Thirty Mem-
bers of Commercial Club Pulls
Out of Windy City;
CHICAGO, March 4.-A special train
bearing thirty members of the Commer
cial Club of Chicago left to-night, over
the Santa Fe road for a tour of 12,000 miles
through the West. With the rhemberB of
the club are guests from New York, Bos
ton, Cincinnati and other large commer
cial centers. The train will go direct to
Phoenix. Ariz., and from there, .with a
few intermediary stops, to Los Angeles,
Pasadena and San Francisco.' The return
trip will be made by way of Salt .Lake.
It is expected that the entire trip will oc
cupy a few days over three weeks. . • >
Retiring Montana Senator Occupies the
Floor of the Senate Constructively for
Almost Thirteen Consecutive Hours
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL
IS KILLED BY CARTER
THE SAN FRAyCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, t MARCH 5, 1901,
Beauty and Dignity of National Life Alone Shown in the
Procession Dragging Its Weary Length Through the
Sodden Streets of ' the . City of Washington
PAGEANT A GORGEOUS ONE, BUT
BARREN OF SO-CALLED "REGAL POMP"
UNITED STATES SENATOR JONATHAN P/DOLLIVER OF IOWA.
Cannot Form a Cabinet.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MOTHERHOOD
Is a natural instinct which shows itself
in the girl as soon as she is big enough
to play the mother to her doll. Unfor-
tunately the womanly health, does not
always keep pace with the motherly in-
stinct, and when
/OT^a rea * motherhood
$*^>^*fiQy conies it often
O^""" c i%li cotnes to mothers
Ci*"*M«fl&* who snffe f iato1 *
V*3-^si^5S era k.' v during naa-
gjrt^i tcCTj^T are tin^* > l e to
nurse the weak-
\.jS frets and moans
in their arms.
/f^ftfoi D&&. # Motherhood is
i«s?g§3$§3SsH |§L prepared for and
cures nausea,
¥^f nerves, gives a
SHll healthy appetite
Rig7 ful sleep* ¦*-»
-/. c- -• >*T- makes the baby's
•advent practically painless, and gives
the mother abundant strength to none
her child.
Accept no substitute for * Favorite Pre-
scription." There is nothing tt just as
good" for weak and sickly women.
"Two ran at*© I wm» -rery «ci and bena
taking vonr 'Favorite Prescription.' - »rtte«
Mn. Ed. Hackett. of Charddn. C««S» Co.
Ohio. "When my t»by boy came ne weigUea
twelve pounds and a b*-t «»»« h *<* I 00 * 1
health ever «ince. until about three week* ago.
when weaning my'boby, I contracted *ne*iry
cold. . Am taking vour ' Golden Medical Di*cow-
ery.' I am thankful that poor «'««»}»'«
such a jrrand chance to regain their health fty
Msiag iJr. Pierces medicine*. It would take
j«g=s to tell the good it ha« doae in our &mily.
ana in a great many more famines under my
observation. . . . „
« I thank ycti for your klad medical advice."
Dr. Pierce 's Medical AdviseT in paper
covers is sent free on receipt of 21 cents
in one-cent stamps to pay expense of
mailing only. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce.
Buffalo*. N. Y. . .
¦ ..." '-""*'*':-" '
Ofi. HALL-S KKINVlGOEATOKgrargjl
Five hundred rewant for any iurj 'ebH
ca«e we -cannot cure. Thl« secret P*" H
remedy stops all losses in 24 hours, 1
cores Emissions. Impotency. Va™- US} BH|
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet, r^ta. I AVI {,.[71
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all Ugaj UgjJ
wasting effects of self-^bus* or Ffcg—fiS-a
excesses. Sent sealed. K bottle; * m '~ "TTr
cured.. Bend for fr«> book.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS AGREAT RESTORATIVE. INV1GORA-
tor and Serriat.'
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Sp«c!al
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kld-
rt»s and Bladder. Sell» on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS St BRUNE. Agants.
K3 Market st. S.- F.— (Send for Circulars)
" DR. CftOSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the' cure of GONORRHEA. GUCET3
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of tho
Organs <<t Generation!
Price 11 a bottle. For sale by druggists.I MRS. LUCRETIA HATCH, "WHOSE DEATH HAS OCCURRED AFTER A
SHORT ILLNESS AT PETALUMA. SHE WAS. ONE OF AMERICA'S
FOREMOST LEADERS IN SPIRITUALISTIC WORK.
The Elks.
Stockton Lodge No. 21S, B. P. O. E., is
maintaining the cood record it made in
1900. It Is proving itself one of the most
progressive, lively and up-to-date lodges In
the State. Increased interest is being
manifested and the lodge is having a
good, steady, healthy urowth. At the last
held meeting, on the 19th Inst. the secre
tary's books showed that twenty-three
etrangers had been elected and that thir
teen petitions had been presented, making
In all thirty-six applications to be acted
upon. The meeting was a memorable one
in many particulars. There were sixteen
initiations of representative business men
of Stockton, Modesto, Oakdale and New
man. Many novel and original features
were Introduced on that occasion, with
the result thaf the night will long be re
membered as one of the gala ones of the
ledge. The new roster of the membership
is in the hands of the printer and will be
issned about the first of next month.
Stockton Lodge has set March 12 as the
date for the big social time it will have
A member of one of the outside lodges
will be the master of ceremonies and he
will superintend a fin* programme. The
lodge will have a Iadit— ' night on one of
the Tuesdays in April.
The members of San Francisco Lodge,
who returned from the institution of the
new lodge at Eureka, Humboldt County,
are exceedingly well pleased with the
manner In which they were entertained
by the people of the pra.ee they visited.
After the lodge had been instituted, aa
announced In a telegram published in The
Call. Exalted Ruler Bonnet of the San
Francisco Lodge presented to the new
lodge on behalf of his lodge a handsome
charity box. After that Judge Lawlor,
on behalf of Eureka Lodge, presented a
beautiful emblematic . badge to Exalted
Ruler Cadman. The new officers of the
lodge are: Exalted ruter, C. K. Cadman;
leading knight. I* F. Puter; lecturing
knight. Hume L. Fay: loyal knight, F. J.
Buchanan: secretary. H. F. Ferrill; treas
urer. G. A. Belcher: tiler. H. B. Hltch
lngs: trustees— E. B. Carr, R. W. Bull, J.
M. Carson; esquire. J. L. Crichton; I. S..
Harry Kelly: chaplain. O. W. Lord. After
the institution and installation there was
a banquet and toasts were responded to
by Judge Lawlor, H. S. Manning. T. F.
Bonnet C. K. Cadman. Dr. W. H. Sle
berst. Judge A. J. Monroe. T. F. Dunne.
Ernest Sevier. H. L. Fay and A. C.
Dauphney. :* : '
Knights of Honor.
The officers of Far West Lodge were In
stalled last week by Gracd Dictator Archi
bald.
Yerba Buena Lodge received two appli
cations at its last held meeting. All the
members of this lodge havo been sum
moned to extraordinary convocation for
to-morrow nisht.
The report for March 1 shows that dur
ing the past month there were 173 deaths,
of which six occurred in California. On
the number of claims sixty were paid be
fore the list was issued. After all the
others shall have been paid there will bo
a surplus of $73,000.
TEMBLORS DO DAMAGE
AROTJND SAN MIGUEL
Three Men Barely Escape ; Death,
. and at Parkfleld Not a Chimney
Is Left Standing.
SAN MIGUEL. March 4.— The series of
earthquake shocks of the past two nights
did considerable damage in this section.
Eight different shocks were felt. At the
Stone Canyon coal mines In Slack's Can
yon three workingmen barely escaped
with their lives. In this neighborhood the
earth in many places opened in wide fis
sures and the stage was delayed several
hours, as It was necessary to fill many
places in the road.
In Cholama Valley In and near Park
fleld not a chimney was left standing.
Everything in the general merchandise
store at Parkfleld was thrown to the floor.
Several mllkhouses were wrecked.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. March 4.-1 wo tnousand let
ters from Nome, Alaska, arrived in Seat
tle to-day on lhe steamer Dolphin, bring
ing news from the ice-locked gold camp
up to December 7. Thig is the secoi;<l
consignment of mall 'hat has arrived thi3
winter.
The camp Is having considerable trouble
with thieves, but no murders or suicides
were reported. Louis Dasrlow, a well
known business man, was given "knock
out drops" and subsequently robbed of
$1300 on November 15. He remembered
drinking in several saloons and retiring
to his room about midnight. The next
morning it was discovered that the door
of the store, as well as the door leading:
to Mr. Daglow's private room, had been
forced. A pocketbook. which had con
tained $50"), was found on the table, empty.
A poke containing $S0O in gold had been
stolen from Mr. Daslcw's trousers/ ari'l
also a revolver from a table.
The terrible storm which swept the
coast of Alaska during the early part ->f
November was felt at Teller City. The
waves rushed over the big sand s«plt,
swept into the inner harbor and sub
merged many houses on the lowland. As
a rule, provisions wero saved by beln<
placed on high shelves or removed to hl?h
land. The schooners Lilly Morris and
George W. Prescott and the steam launch
Ethel B. were torn from their anchorage
and driven ashore. Charles Schultr res
cued a widow from tier bed, where she
lay fast asleep, unconscious of the ap
proaching danser.
Mining: had ceased for the winter In the
Blustone district. Several larse surai
have been taken from Gold Run. Alder
and Skookum creeks. According to Wail,
one of the principal owners of No. 7. on
Gold Run, $4000 was taken out of that
claim In one month's work.
Fred L. Wooster, a miner, died on No
vember 14 In the United States jail at
Nome of pneumonia. He was taken to
the Jail because there was no public hos
pital. He was 34 yeari old. His widow,
brother, mother and father live In San
Francisco.
Three Vessels Driven Ashore During
the Storm That Swept the Coast
of Alaska in No-
Two Thousand Letters Bring
News Prom the Ice-
Locked Camp.
THIEVES KEEP
BUSY AT NOME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 5, 1991.
A belated Christmas story is belnir 'old
of a small East End boy who, despite'hw
youthfulness. haa a mind of his own and
If thoroughly up to date In all elane
phrases.
Willie's mother and father called him to
them on Christmas eve and said: "Willie
we are sorry to tell you. but Santa Claus
Is not coming this year. Mamma and oana
are poor this time, and we will have to
tfll you that we have always been Santa
*Is 8 that straight?" Willie asked, as his
far* sobers down.
"Yes. Willie; there Is no Santa Claus "
"Then youse have been etrlngin' me' all
this time?"
"Yes, Willie: we have been deceivine
you." . *
"Well, have you b<ren strlngin* me on
God. too?" cobbed Willie, who had always
associated the Deity with Santa Claus —
Cleveland World,
Don't Delude Children.
A hundred years ago there were no
farms weft of the Mississippi; to-day the
Western wheat crop Is 600,000.000 bushels,
or one-quarter that of the world.
COAST BREVITIES.
REDDING. March I.— By a caveln at the
¦Bully HIM mine thts afternoon Rudolph Anslex.
« carman, cm crushed to death and Frank
Forbes" 1%k was badly crushed.
PETALX'MA. March 4.— Mabel Stanley, a
twn-year-nld B i r |, was badly bitten to-day by
a ferocious Newfoundland dog;. After the aai
rr.sl had bitten the child It stood fruard over
fcer body and for some time held off all rescuers.
SAN JOSE. March 4 — Albert Pf&u. charged
m1th embf-zzlin* $SflQ from the Middltton Lum
ber Company of BouWer Cr*fk. wan •rnm.H
h»r* last -hy Constable Seldllnger of
that plaoe. He wai taken to Boulder Creek
this morning.
RIVERSIDE, M»rch 4.-Fire thi. morning de
rtroyed a »arehou»* belonging to John Af.eck
which was filled with expensive building hard
ware. The low on the *tocJc is estimated at
$2500, with no Insurance, and on the bulldlnr
f*0«." fully inisurod. The fire Is supposed 10
hare been incendiary-
"We cannot but regret." says the Lon
don Mail, "that the Queen was not per
mitted to see the end of tho South African
struggle." But, on the other hand, you
can but rejoice If the King Is permitted
to sec it.— Louisville Times.
"Being King of England is reckoned a
high honor, ain't It. Weary?" V
"I donno of any better job."
"Well, I wuz Just. wonderin'."
¦ "Wonderin' about what?"
"Wonderin* if all them riches will make
up to ' AlDert Edward for • havin* ¦ Tod
Sloan .down on him!"— Cleveland Plain
•Dealer.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Court Sutter Fort of" Sacramento Initi
ated .thirty candidates In January and on
last Friday Initiated twenty more. On
that occasion Permanent Secretary Fal
coner was present. .
Court Treadwell at Tesla and Court
Ivanhoe were visited last week by High
Chief Ranger Boehm and Permanent Sec
retary.Falconer. They were accompanied
to Court Ivanhoe by District Deputy High
Chief Ranger Paut, Past Chief Ranger
Burdick and George Lipman of Court Lin
coln. This court has increased remark
ably In funds and membership.
Court Bohemia Initiated five candidates
at its last held meeting.
Since the last held' session of the high
court twelve new courts have been in
stituted. Within the past two weeks one
was instituted at Stockton, one at Den-
ver Colo., and one at Hornb.rook.
Our Native Daughters.
Fremont Parlor of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West gave a social hop in
Its headquarters In Foresters' building on.
February 13. It proved to be a very en
joyable affair, and the credit of its suc
cess U due to the committee that was in
charge, namely Mrs. R. D. Barton, Miss
F Barry. Mrs. C. Barry, Miss A. Bazonl
and Mrs. XV. H. Barry.
The Native Daughters of Etna Mills, in
conjunction with the Native Sons of that
place, anticipate giving their first ban
quet in April, and they will arrange for
a grand celebration on the Fourth of
July.
The officers of Occident Parlor of Eu
reka were installed by Grand Trustee
Mrs. Mary J. Langford, assisted by Mrs.
M. L. Jones as grand marshal. The cere
mony was ¦witnessed by a delegation from
Reichllng Parlor of Fortuna. At the sub
sequent meeting the members of Occi
dent Parlor enjoyed a euchre party. The
first prize was carried away by Miss Net
tie McClellan, the lone hand prize went
to Mrs. S. C. Smith and Mrs. O. Dudley
was awarded the 'consolation prize. -A do
nation lunch followed. This parlor Is ar
ranging for a picnic on Dewey Day,
Mav 1.
On the night of February 14 Ema
Crockett Parlor gave an entertainment in
Arcade Hall. Crockett. The hall was
crowded to its limit and there was pre
sented a very interesting programme, in
cluding vocal music, specialties and a
farce entitled "A Quiet .Family." The
contributors, aside from the members of
the parlor who assumed the characters in
the farce, were William McDonald, late
of th° Bostonians. v.'ho came from Red
wood City to sing for the parlor. Frank
W. Thompson of Ssn Francisco, Miss
Nellie Molles. Miss KJla La Selle, Henry
Randall, ¦ Mrs. Booth-Carr, Miss Mamie
Schneider and George Samuels of San
Francisco. A number of the Native Sons
of Carqulnez Parlor were present. A
dance followed j the programme.
This parlor recently inttlated Mrs. Liz
zie Bazzell-Gunn, the first white child
born in Stockton. She- first saw the light
of day there on the <th of July. 1848. She
is a sister of Mrs. Reed, the first white
child born In California. The parlor will
be visited by Grand President Mrs. Gett
on April 3. . Special organizer Mrs. Sadie
Osterman was . the special guest , of mem
bers of the parlor for ten days. She will
soon go to Mendoclno County to organ
ize parlors there. , - '
Mrs. Lena Hilke Mills, past grand presi
dent, has recently Introduced into Joaquln
Parjor of Stockton another of her sisters,
the last of the family, and she sighs that
she has not more that can become mem
bers of that parlor. There are now five
sisters. Including Mrs. Mills, on the roll of
Joaquln.
The Native Daughters' Home Is growing
In popularity and at this time there are
as many guests there aa can be accommo
dated. The demand for rooms Is Increas
ing and it is more than likely that larger
quarters will have to bo, secured. The fol
lowing named are registered at the home:
Mrs., G. Slusher, Buena Vitta Parlor;
Laura J. Frakes, Amapola ; Parlor: Rose
Larsen, Sutter Parlor: Brancie Morey, El
Pajaro Parlor: Dr. /Mariana Bcrtola.Ru
mona Parlor; ' Mrs. - Sohriner, Oneonta
Parlor: Clara >". Fotherlngham. Ams.pola
Parlor and Miss Conlff. Joaquln Parlor.;
Piedmont Parlor at the close of Its last
brated the fiftieth year of her spiritualis
tic work. Years ago she was one, of the
leading spiritualists of America," At her'
home in Petaluma she frequently ; enter-:
tained the great spiritualists of the day..
She had accumulated a considerable for
tune. . : * ... :..._:.
held, meeting: had a very enjoyable "at
home." during which a most i-leasinfr pro
gramme ivas presented for the entertain
ment of the members and their friends. --
Then followed an enjoyable banquet
that was partaken of by seventy-five la
dies. Past Grand Marshal Dr. Nusbau
mer delivered an interesting address un
der good of -the order and the following
past' presidents took an active part In the
entertainment: Mesdames Paul, Swainey.
Munson, Biber and Brown. President
Mrs. Emma Vorrath did her part in mak
ing the evening a pleasant cne. A fea
ture of the programme was a farce, in
which those who took part did remark
ably well. Each one who attended was
presented with a handsome souvenir of
the occasion. •
The following named were the visitors
at the office of the grand secretary:" Mrs.
Thuerbach of La Estrella Parlor, Mm.
Schrlner of Oneonta Parlor. Mrs. James
Trumen of Sutter Creek. Mrs. B. S. Smith
of this city. Mrs. Lena H. Mills, past
grand president.
Companions of the Forest.
A new circle of the Companions of the
Forest was instituted in this city during
the latter part of February. Arrange
ments are being made for the Institution
of a circle in Rio Vista, one in Sulsun and
one in tho Potrero.
Justice Circle was recently visited by
Past Grand Chief Companion Falconer.
This circle gave its quarterly . social on
the night of February 22. There was a
good attendance, and a pleasant evening
was spent by all.
. A new circle called Maid Marlon has
been instituted in Denver. Colo. .
The order has been doing exceedingly
well during the current term. The re
ports show a net increase of 500 to date
On the evening of February 18 Past
Supreme Grand Chief Companions John
Falconer and Max Boehm were sum
moned before Loyal Circle of • the Com
panions of the Forest, as they supposed,
to answer to some charge of alleged neg
lect of duty or something: that merited
censure, but to their agreeable surprise
they were Informed by Mrs. M. C. Tack
ley, the district deputy, that the circle so
much appreciated their work on behalf of
the officers and members that it had been
by unanimous vote decided to give each a
token of remembrance, and in view of
the fact that each is married it had" been
further decided to give eOmethirfg that
would be "useful at home." , Then a
•handsome- silver berry spoon was handed
to Mr. Falconer and a silver pie knife to
Mr. Boehm. This was followed by a ban
quet at the St. Germain, where among 1
other guests was Mrs. M. E. Falconer
the supreme grand chief companion. After
an excellent supper Mrs. E. H. Zeising
junior past chief companion of Loyal pre
sided as toastmistress and called upon all
some thirty-five in number, to say some
thing for tho good of the order and of the
company. There were entertaining re
marks by the supreme past grand chief
companions, the two special guests of
honor, Miss Bailey. Mrs. Large, Ml«s<?es
Daisy and Mae Falconer, Mrs. Tackley
Mrs. Croal and Mr. Treadwell; song bv
Mrs. "Wilklns, recitations by' Miss Wessel
Mrs. -Prltchard and little Tryphlna
Pritchard. the pet of Loyal Circle; and
story telling by E. C. Stock. '
Sherwood Circle on last Wednesday
gave the first of a series of monthlyso
ciala arranged for the Reason. There was
a good attendance and a well arranged
programme of dances. The affair was
under- the direction of Companions Mrs
A. Hansen, Miss Stella Beardsley and
Mrs. J. Gustard. .
MANILA, March 4.— In an interview D.
M. Carman, the American contractor, who
la charged with aiding the insurgents and
who was recently released on 510,000 bail,
said that sickness prevented his making
an extended statement now. He asserted
that he had clone nothing unauthorized
and that he was hopeful of securing com
plete vindication, lie said: . '
"Whenever 1 made a dollar others made
money too." * . ,_ ;."'¦;' •'.
Captain Hand of the Forty-fifth United
States Volunteer Infantry and Captain
McLean of the Forty-seventh United
States Volunteer Infantry, co-operating
with the gunboat Don Juan de Austria,
"urprised a body of insurgents In camp
near the town of Posairo,' on the coast of
Camarlnes Province, Luzon, and captured
an insurgent commissary general and a
quantity of supplies.
Montcjar. leader of the Insurgent forces
on the island of Panay, with seven offi
cers, forty-five men and thirty-eight
rifles, has * surrendered to Captain Bar
ker of the Twenty-sixth Infantry.
Fifteen ex-leaders of tho insurgents and
500 followers took the oath of allegiance
to the United States at Concepcion, Island
of Panay, and 200 more promise soon to
swear fealty. This extinguishes the re
bellion in that district. •
At Manila there are now held 4oOO in
surgent prisoners. The new prison on
Grande Island, Subig Bay. sixty miles
west of Manila, has been completed, and
1000 prisoners will be sent there, from
Manila on the 7th of this month.
The provincial officers of the provinces
of BaJacan and Batan have taken the
oath of office before the commission.
Says Where He Mads a
Dollar Others Made
Money, Too.
PETALUMA, March 4.-M«s. Lu
cretia Hatch died here yesterday
after a short illness. She was
85 years of age and a native of
Massachusetts.
Mrs. Hatch was one of the old school of
spiritualists. She quite recently cele-
CARMAN CLAIMS
HE DID NO WRONG
* Special Dispatch to Th.e Call.
Foresters of America.
Court Aurora, Foresters of America,
will hold a picnic at Buena Vista Park,
Sausalito. July 4.
Court Barbarossa has changed Its meet
ing nights. Hereafter it will meet on the
second and fourth Thursdays of the
month.
- Grand Secretary Cordy. assisted by A.
N. Codeglla, recently organized a new
court at Los Kanos. It has been named
Grumento and rtarts with a charter list
of eighty-two members. A. Padula Is the
chief ranger and I. Leporl financial sec
retary. 1
• Court Defiance gave a grand compli
mentary ball In Golden Gate Hall on the
night of the 26th of February, which wai
attended by as many as could find place
In the large hall and receDtion rooms.
The decorations of the main hall were
thin cardinal material in graceful drap
ings. from behind which were red electric
lights, which produced a pretty, soft light.
Over the stage were thf> figures "33" ii
electric fire, while any number of Jaoa
nese lanterns were distributed along the
sides of the hall. During the Twilight
schottische the lights were turned off and
on. producing a striking effect. The affair
¦was a great success and it was due to the
committee of arrangements, consisting of
C. H. Harris. Heniy Slerck. W. J.
Thomas. J. G. Welbel and J. D. McCarthy.
Mr Welbel was the floor manager
At the last held meeting of Court Sutro
Heights the committee on stories told at
the previous meeting was granted fur
ther time to determine which had told the
best one. During the evening two candi
dates were initiated in a most acceptable
manner in the presence of a goodly num
ber of the members and of .visitors. This
court arways has many members of other
courts at Its meetings because It Is most
hospitable and makes the sessions enjoy
able, vv *.¦*;•:
Friends of the Forest.
On the night of the last Tuesday In Jan
uary Mrs. Lena Sholten. the supreme
secretary, tendered a supper to all the
members of Pioneer Lodge in the ban
quet hall of the Foresters' building, and a
most pleasant evening was spent after the
good things had been disposed of. *
The supreme officers of the order paid
an official visit last week to Pioneer
Lodge. The business of the evening was
followed by a collation and dancing.
On the night of February 23 the Past
Presidents' Association gave a social in
the Laurel Hall of the Shiels building.
Last week there was an official
visit by the supremo officers to Lincoln
Lodge. After the work of the evening
there was an adjournment to enable all
present to enjoy a collation that had been
prepared by the ladies of the lodge.
On the' last Wednesday In February the
supreme officers paid a visit to Mizpah
Lodge in Mission Opera-house, and a
number of addresses for the good of the
order were delivered by the visiting offi
cials.
Last week the Past Presidents' Asso
ciation had a very pleasant party in Lau
rel Hall of the Shiels building, there be
ing a goodly number of persons present,
good music and many dances.
American Companions.
Last week Grand Sub Chief Companion
Miss Alice Clementine Ticoulet, accom
panied by Grand Trustee Mrs. Worms
and Grand Organist Mrs. Donlon. paid an
official vitit to Golden Gate Circle, and a
pleasant evening was spent. There was
present a largo delegation of the mem
bers of Martha Washington Circle. The
grand sulr chitf also paid a" visit on
Thursday night to San Francisco Circle,
and was accompanied by a number of the
grand officers. They were well received
and a pleasant and profitable evening was
spent.
Live Oak Circle has arranged for a hard
times party, to be given on the night of
the 20th of April.
Mr«/ Lizzie Atwood has been elected
and installed treasurer of Robin Hood
Circle, vice Mrs. L. Ticoulet. deceased.
During the past week Grand Trustee
Mrs. H. Worms and Grand Treasurer
Mrs. R. Kemp Van Ee instituted a new
circle at Livermore. being assisted by-
John J. Cordy. grand secretary of the
F. of A.: Grand Sub-Chief John Heenan.
and Past Grand Chief C. P. Rendon. The
Institution was followed by the usual fes
tivities and wishes for the success of the
circle, which starts with thirty-six mem
bers.
Last Wednesday Grand Sub-Chief Miss
Alice Clementine Ticoulit. assisted by
Past Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Emma
Agnes Harrington. Grand Financial Sec
retary Miss Agnes D. Bremer. Grand Re
cording Secretary Mrs. Lizzie At wood.
Grand Trustee Mrs. J. Welsel and Grand
Organist Mrs. Donlon, instituted in.
l^ranklin Hall a new circle that was or
ganized by Ed Oregory of Court Rich
mond. F. O. A. The new circle has rorty
names on the charter list, twenty-three
pigner? being "present at the institution.
The new officers are: Miss Mollie F.
Long. J. P. C. C: Mrs. Ella P. Wehe, C.
C; Mrs. Emma IT. Benning. S. C. C. : Ed
Gregory-. F. S.; Miss Annie F. Stewart.
R. S.: ,Mrs. Decker. T.; Miss Lily May
Harris. R. G.; Mrs. Thomas Hardy, !>.
G.: Miss Alme*» E. Wehe. I. G.; Phillip
Brown. O. G. : Dr. Henry Proschold. Wil
liam T. Kibbler and John Kelly, trustees.
The Institution and installation was wit
nessed by representatives of eleven of the
local circles. Mrs. Atwood was selected
to be the deputy of the circle. After the
ceremony there was a collation.
Iy.ist week the grand sub-chief compan
ion paid nn official visit to San Francisco
Circle and there she received a warm fra
ternal welcome, as also did those who
accompanied her. These were Mrs. Har
rington. Mrs. Kemp Van Ee. Mrs. Welsel,
Mrs. Davis, Mrs. Smith. Miss Smith, Miss
Marguerite Patsey Forest. Mrs. Coyle
and Mrs. Muggier. The initiation of sev
eral candidates demonstrated the pro
ficiency of the officers In the -work. After
a number of congratulatory speeches
there was a bano.uet In honor of the vis
iting officers. During the evening Bonlnto
Circle naid a fraternal \islt.
Mlzpah Circle will give a Japanese so
cial on the 12th inst. In the Potrero
Opera-house.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
On the night of the last Friday in Feb
ruary Colonel Malloy and a number of
the members of the San Francisco exten
sion committee paid a fraternal visit to
Crocker Lodge in Mission Opera-house.
There was a good representation of the
visitors, who during the events.? enter
tained the lodge with music. Song and
story and told the members of the work
of the order.
The same night District Deputy Major
M. J. Blackman, S. H. Jenner of Valley
Lodge and Michael Sullivan of Excelsior
Ix>dge paid a fraternal visit to Central
Lodge In Oakland. There were addresses
by the visitors and F. J. Fassetl, E.
Ingram. %V. O'Connell and John Burke,
and pongs by W. and J. Walsh. H. Mor
gan and R. M. Townes, and Instrumental
selections by Messrs. Enos and Viera.
The visitors and members were hospita
bly entertained during the evening.
On the last Saturday in February th*
San Francisco extension committee held
a session in the office of the grand re
corder. The several delegates talked of
the condition of their respective lodges
and the district deputies told of the work
in their districts. A committee of five
from the extension committee—Black
man. .Molloy. Cunningham. McPherson
and Pohlman — was appointed to make the
arrangements for the entertainment of
the officers and representatives of the
Grand Lodge. It was also decided to add
one member from each lodge to the com
mittee.
Excelsior Lodge had a ladies' night on
last Wednesday night, which was well
attended and a delightful programme en
tertained all present. A dance wound up
the festivities of the evening.
All the drill teams are preparing for
the contest during the grand session.
The Sacramento lodges are arranging
for a grand open meeting. Several of the
grand officers will be present.
Improved OTder of Eed Men.
The two tribes and the two councils In
Stockton observed the anniversary of
Washington's birth by a grand entertain
ment.
B. F. Ledford, an organizer for another
organization that doe* not conflict with
the Red Men. has in his travels through
the country been of material assistance
to the Red Men. visiting and counseling
the tribes. He has called upon Great
Keeper of Records P. L. Bliss to visit
San Jose to herp him organize a degree
team for Manhattan Tribe.
Great Sachem Brandon and Great
Keeper of Records Bliss visited Baden
last week and instituted a new tribe in
that place. It was started with fifty char
ter members.
Bamona Council of the Degree of Poca
hontas at its last held meeting in Twin.
Peaks Hall adopted fifteen palefaces and
has now Increased Its membership to
nearly 100. all this in two months. On
that night the council was • visited by
Porter L. Bliss, G. K. of R. Yosemite
Council paid a fraternal visit to the sit
ting council. -.:¦¦•'
The members of Pocahontas Council are
arranging a benefit entertainment for one
of its members, who is in distress.
W. D. Allen, who recently retired from
the office of sachem of Sotoyome Tribe,
was the recipient a few evenings since of
a beautiful emblematic pin from the tribe
as a token of the appreciation «f his
services.
Altahomas Tribe had an enjoyable mu
flcalo In Golden' Gate Hall recently, when
the feature wap mandolin selections by
.Valentine Abt. . Professor Graeber's Man
dolin Club assisted. After the pro
gramme there was dancing under the di
rection of A. E. Wesslingr. floor manager,
end H. Cills, G. W. Baltic, H. Pearson
and H. F. Henky, assistants.
DIES IN CONVT3XSIONS
ATTZB TAKING MEDICINE
Baata Ana Resident Succumbs While
Seceiving' Treatment From
Traveling Doctors.
BA2CTA ANA. March 4.— T. J. Mullinix.
a wealthy resident cf this city, died In
¦convulsions this morning In Goepher's
tin* 1 store from what medical men pro
nounce strychnine poisoning.. At the In
quest this afternoon It developed that
Mullinix had been taking medicine from
a party of traveling doctors, who have
been here prescribing for the sick for the
last two weeks. A box of medicine wa.3
produced and identified as that from
which he took a doso shortly before he
The silvered doctors give the names of
John T. Berry and Edwin A. Davis. The
latter wa5 recently arrested and held In
bonds of S3W to answer In the Superior
Court for practicing without a diploma.
Th« Coroner's Jury in the Mullinix case
Adjourned to-night until the medicine and
the contents of the dead man's stomach
can be analyzed.
Ttro Brothers Lose Their Lives in a
Peculiar Manner at a IHstillery
KTXLZD BY POISONOUS
GAS TN A WINE VAT
Near. Antioch.
ANTIOCH, March 4.— Two men met
d«ath from gas asphyxiation at St.
George WIrery distillery at € o'clocV' this
•»ver.ing. They were John and Joe Semas.
brothers, who were employed In the dis
tillery. It was their duty to go down
lr.to th* preat wine vat? and c!ean them
out. Soon after they had gone into one
«?f the vatf another workman, hearing no
sound coming- from the tank, became
alarmed and peered in. He saw both men
Ivir.g apparently llfele?? en the bottom of
th*» tank. An alarm crzs riven, workmen
rapidly broke thf iron hoocs. the sides of
the tar-.k f«»;i nut and the bodies were re
rovpred. Ttvy v*re carried out Into the
?TT. air. but "<> was extinct.
Jo*> Sfmas 5>- f arrived by a widow and
several s mali t hiMren.
Will Visit California.
FTOTKTOX. March 4-Karl Brueck.
rrcTctary cf the Stockton Chamber of
«~'>mrr.er<-e. has received a letter from
T. K. Burton of the Rivers and
Harbors Committee of the House of Rep
r*s*ntat!r*«. stating that the committee
¦would vi5lt California probably In May.
Gets Trace of His "Wife.
TACOMA. March 4.-R. W. Linville of
Paloma. Cal.. whose wife elcped with a
men r.amed JIcRae several days ago. tak
ing her little son. is here searching for the
runaway?. Linville was notified by wire
this evenlnr that his wife Is at Corvallis,
Oregon, whither he will follow.
Chcynski's Case Heard.
OALVESTOX, March 4.— Judge Allen of
\h* Criminal Court to-day made a state
ment to the Grand Jury on the law rela
!r.Rr to prize-fig-htlnr. The petition for a
writ of habeas corpus In the case of Joe
Choynski and Jack Johnston, charged with
prtie-fighting. was withdrawn ar.d the
ca; e went before the Grand Jurv.
Coal Strike 13>ar "Willows.
WILLOWS. March 4.— News was r»
reived here to-day that the Glenn County
Coal Corepany'6 drill passed through a
Fix-foot \cin of coal last Saturday while
borinfr at a depth of 5V) feet In the west
ern part cf this county.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Colonel William J.Volkmar.
PASADENA. Mtrch 4.— Colonel William
J. Volkmar. Assistant Adjutant General,
TT. S. A., retired, died In this city to-day.
Colonel Volkmar was appointed Adjutant
General by President Cleveland In 18S5
and has served. consecutively with depart
ment at L«os Anjreles. St. Louis and Den
ver. He retired for disability last June.
A. H. Towne.
SAN RAFAEL. March 4.-Word was re
ceived here- to-day of the death of A. H.
Towne, a pioneer of this county, at Bever
ly, Mass. Mr. Towne owned several fine
ranches tn this county. About a year ago
he went East to visit his old home and
eee relative** he hud left when a boy. He
was unmarried and 7S years of ape. His
•wealth will go to a nephew In the East.
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. March 4.-Thirty
five hundred 'Japanese who have become
naturalized British subjects by fraudulent
methods during the past year will have
their certificates canceled. Sir Wilfrid
Laurier. Premier of the Dominion, to-day
made this announcement to a delegation
of Vancouver laboring men who visited
Ottawa to discuss the question.
Japanese who had resided In the coun
try barely three months, instead of the
three years required by law, were rail
roaded through and papers granted on
false affidavits. According to law. only
British subjects are allowed to take out
fishing «nd mining licenses, so the graud
ulently naturalized Japanese came in for
all the privileges accorded" to British citi
zens, many of them within a month after
they had arrived in the country and when
they could not even speak a word of Eng
lish.
The Premier took the position that all
these naturalization papers ¦would be can
celed, as it had been shown In the courts
that many at least had been obtained
fraudulently. Hereafter the' granting of
all papers shall be under the supervision
of Judg-es of the Supreme Court Instead
of Justices of the Peace, as at present.
The Premier objected to the extension of
the time for qualification for citizenship
from three to five years, as it "smacked
of Krueerism."
Premier Laurier Decides to Revoke
All on the Ground That Many
Have Been Obtained by
Fraud.
Canada to Diprive Three
Thousand of Natural
ization Papers.
JAPANESE LOSE
CITIZEN RIGHTS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, March 4.— Mrs. Frank
Silva, whose home Is four miles south of
this city, is in the County Jail for killing
her : son-in-law. Manuel OHverla. The
murder, took place in the kitchen of the
Sllva home, at 10 o'clock this morning.
Soon afterward Mrs: Silva. accompanied
by her husband, appeared at the jail and
surrendered herself.
Ollveria and Maggie Silva, the 17-year
old daughter of Mrs. fcilva. were married
yesterday. To-day Ollveria went with his
bride to Visit her naronts. "When he en
tered the house there was a brief but
bitter ' quarrel, which ended with the
mother-in-law opening flre upon him. The
bullet entered his head and death was in
stantaneous. "¦ ¦• ¦
Frank Silva was in a field some dis
tance from the house when the murder
took place. Mrs. Silva went out to inform
him of what she had done, leaving her
daughter alone in the house with the mur
dered husband. Silva. and his wife ct
once came to town and surrendered.
The cause of the • tragedy is unknown.
Neither of the Silvas nor Ollveria's wife
will say a word. When pressed for an ex
planation of the awful affair, the mother
in-law nonchalantly answered: "Wait till
the inquest to-morrow and you will learn
all."
The neighbors had believed that every
thing went well with the Sllvas and their
son-in-law. ' Sllva had given his consent
to the marriage.
The dead man -was 40 years of age and
came here from Reedley. The Sllvas are
old citizens of this countv. The inquest
will be held to-morrow. Ths young widow
is almost crazed by Krlef.
Newly Wedded Couple's Visit to the
Parental Home Quickly Cul
minates in a
Tragedy. ; sK
Mrs. Prank Silva Murders
Her Son-in-Law at
Bakersfield. •
BULLET WIDOWS
BRIDE OF A DAY
WXDO.V. March 4.— An Infuriated mob
*t Shanklin. Isle of "Wight, yesterday
Ktonned the platform from which the ex
monk Victor Ruthven was delivering
an antl -Catholic lecture. Ruthven drew a
revolver and kept his assailants at bay
for a time, but finally turned and fled.
During his fjght a bullet was dis
charged which traversed the neck and
Issued from the cheek of one of his pur-
Fuers. Ruthven was arrested.
Ruthven explains that he was alone in
the midst of the crowd and did not fire
until he was forced to do so In self-de
,-Vl*,~ The mob bombarded him with
rhalrs and all kinds of missiles and there
«w ¦ yeils > of "lynch him." He begged to
J*> allowed to escape, but some one tried
to rrab his revolver and another person
struck him. Then he fired
• ll, 1 ? 01 ** 1 that tfa e %ictlm of the shoot
izg will recover.
Bays He Was Bombarded With Mis
siles of All Kinds and Fired
In Self-I>efcnse When
Sorely Pressed.
MOB ATTACKS
FATHER RUTHVEN
— V"
Form«r Monk Draws Re
voly«r and Injures One
of His Assailants.
NOTED SPIRITUALIST
DIES AT PETALUMA
Mrs..Lucretia Hatch Answers the Sum
mons of Death at the Ripe Age of
Eighty-Five After a Few Days' Illness
5
A Clear Head.
To tne engineer -who has the powerful . • " I am an old railroader, and a few years
forces of nature under his control, the pos- e\go I became so run-down in health that I
session of a clear head is an absolute neces- • thought I would have to resign .my posi-
sity. He must have a head that is quick tion. I was tired all the time, was rest-
. and ready, wide awake and e v er on the less, and had no ambition to do anything.'
lookout to meet emergencies. A clear I had a queer feeling in my head and was
head must be free from aches ant^ ; pains, so nervous and unstrung that the least
because they weaken the nervous force noise -would startle me. I could get no
and divert the attention. It must not know relief until I began taking Drl Miles' Nerv*
diziiness, dullness, melancholy, depres- ine, and three bottles cured me."
• sion of spirits, nor nervousness. John Hess, DeGraff, Ohio.
D*. Miles' Nervine
EelieVea every lormof head trouble ana gives to the entire system that vigor, energy and
\ ' snap that make clear-headedness, . Try a bottle for yourself.
5otd by all druggists oo a goarantce. Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
APyEBTISEMENTS.
ACKERMAN & KOHN
IFonnerly wltli tho California Furnitur*
• "Company).
The Only Exclusive Carpet House oo
the Coast.
THE LARGEST DEALERS Ct
Bi^elow
Axminster,
The most beautiful and desirable ol
all Carpets. t * •
Patterns Arc Ail Our Private^
And can be purchased nowhere else.
Before purchasing call and inspect
our immense stock of Carpets; Lino-
leums, Mattings, etc., of every £rada
and lowest possible prices.
ESTIMATES FURNISHED. ¦
ACKERMAN" & KOHN,
Exclusive Carpeters.
Starr Ktnj: Building. 123 Geary street.
DON'T SAW
Your neck with the sharp edges of collar?
that still have plenty of wear In them;
send them here for treatment. "We don't
care how sharp the point may have been
when the "other fellow" did the laundry
work — they'll be as. smooth as silk when
finished here. One test tells the story bet-
ter than words. . .
Domestic finish for full dress shirts if
ordered. __
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Av>,
VIN MARIANI
World Famous Marian! Tonic
Recommended throughout the world
by the Medical Profession, and during
thirty-eight years pronounced the most
reliable, effective and agreeable toni.t
and stimulant.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
"Grmn-Eolvent" dlssolTes Stricture like snow b*>
nea-.tj tsa sun. reduces Enlarged Prostate ana
r.renethens tbe Seminal Cucts. itopplfix Urains *atf
EmlMions In Fifteen Days.
Ho drags to rain tbe stomach, tat • direct local
aad posture application to the entire urethra; track
Oran-SolTent Is not a liquid. It Is prepared la
: tl>« form of Crarons or Pencil s. amootH and fleTlM»
»ad 10 narrow as to pasa tbe closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
The 8k James Ann'.. Box 834. Cincinnati. O.. haa
mwparod at great «)'«"•« " "nausf- rnrpl
fre I11U3U-1W1 Treatise upon tbe male LULL I
trMem, watcb Uw wul send »wrj nLLt
31. JAJ1EO AOJil., Cincinaatl, Ohio.
j^^fr CANDY CATHARTIC^ *
Genuine stamped CCC Never sold In bulk.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
. something "just as good.
DR.MEYERS&CO,
Specialists. D!seas« *S^~ :
and weakness oJ w3$> _««t>*
men. Established YryW
1S8L Consultation VOgf "SSPypC
and private book VJj 'x I jf_A X
free, at offlco or by i8»M
mall. Cures iruar- **f"Ti..'a ir^y
anteed. 731 Mar- WlSpM
ket street (elevator J^^K^i*^
entrance), San .A ; \ fl yggiffi«v.
Francisco. *<^£ '"^SVSTi^
Jvi«it OR--JORDAN?S^ qjicatS
#MUSEUH OF AHflTOMY?
* gb uaaUiarnr.ht.ftsiriif.aLi
T .Cf ThsLer^MtAasteiniesI Muwumta the \
a i^WTji ._ World. WolUKtHt oc kit coarractml M
I SlOiH dae*» pg«m»»lT «»j«4bT the okltt T
6 flf£?l KLJOaWH-PBrtATE DISEASES $
6 A i&i*L& "niuunt personally or by letter. A ¦
T H Q> C ¦ J^fJt— (Wsu everj case tadarujen. W
i r if I fi» w m« for Book. s*ntLOt*or«Y«ri *
' ¦ ' ' rUAHHI.lCE. MAILS} fitX J A f
X Q ),' »«!u»Sls book for mra> \
9 DHJOBDA5 A C*. 1061 Market St. a r. *
l£i f»-^-£^ff •» w^fc^S 2S Am» W$l C?N y
K?4~ Sfct'PJ V>4 C£ JfJ B9 £4l
SIOt^Ht RUPTURE CURED
v> -> jiy^g&y'KV.' Ks, for TEN DOLLARS.
Thon'ir.rU have t^en raretl
fw^'Uh^^v^ small pr:<*>. ••rntle^t In-
Vj^T^ mention of the A«. .s«cur-
"Jv^oKi^ tty ar*t romlort to tV.e rai*
«£kjJ£~8£{ «-^-r~ri_-, tared. N.»worth!fis«alTW
> -fagJ.4Lll!»L^- '. " -» or lotions tn rub on. It '1cm
H£7 Tr ' S*» • t li e work. lnTstl«»»e!
"BoallrOa. 1" dtriEST fnil infonna'ion mail^i. Inureds-
sterr on receipt 9r stamp and I hi s jutyt. « 'at I or atlrtre«a
NAUCTie TBBS4 CO. «-*• ¦»•*•« »»~». SA» F3AI5JSW.This dress Is composed of tartan velvet
and corselet or bright drab cloth,
with fancy braces of the same cloth. Th«
scarf is of bright drab liberty silk.
DRESS FOR A GIR1*.
-•"I'm; watching the movements, of the
dramatists with fear and trembling "
"Why so?" \ ;>
"I'm afraid some one of them will Insist
upon dramatlzlnp Mr. Bryan's 'Common
er.' "— Pittsburg Press.
"I say, Jones, you remember Longbow
tho chap who used to tell such tremendous
stories? 1 ;
"yea: what about him?"
"The* poor fellow is lying at death's
door.". - n. , 4,.j,
"What; hasn't he got out of the habit
yet?"-Pick-Me-Up. l
"I couldn't withstand his final argu
ment."
"What was It?"
"A big diamond ring."— Chicago Record.
"What," asked the stranger, 'Is this
town especially distinguished for? Every
town seems to have some industry or
some, characteristic that makes it a little
different from any other place. I Intend
to writo a book on the subject some day
and am taking notes."
•¦•"Wall, stranger," said the old inhabi
tant, "you might say th.it this yer town
ain't never asf Andrew Carnegie for no
library yit."— Times-Herald.
A CHANCE TO SMiLE.
~' That very interesting practice of . peddling . gold
bricks to susceptible and. gullible persons' seems 'to
have some* vogue in -Europe.- , Don Carlos* the Span
ish pretender, -has- resigned hisVpretehse in favor of
his so'n. ', -'.¦¦'" • ;
An English statesman has made the very pertinent
inquiry of what neutrality means in the twentieth cen
tury. The conduct of his country is absolutely, proof
that he -will have", to jro from home for an answer to
his question. ,
Many of the Filipinos, it is said, are now ready to
take the bath of allegiance to Uncle Sam. It is evi
dent that they have already learned that cherished
American custom of making good resolutions simply
for the privilege of breaking them. '
The gallant officers of the Solace, who seem so fear
ful of customs authorities that they ran away with
their ship, have set an example which, for men 'of their
trade, is dangerous to establish even in times of peace.
They should not even be afraid of themselves.
THE WRECK OF THE RIO.
r^v ROB ABLY no other disaster at sea has pre
| J tented so many unpleasant and blameworthy
* features as the wreck of the Rio. It is
dence that orders were violated right and left *The
captain was under orders not to make or leave port
in a fo£. The chief engineer was under orders to be
iX his post of duty, but he was in his room. The
life-saving lookout was tinder orders to report distress
fcignals or other sign of wreck and trouble. He heard
tbe < regulation death song of the Rio's whistle and
;j=id no attention to it. As far as the investigation has
gone the ill-starred passengers had the benefit of none
of the safeguards upon which all who go down to the
sea in ships rely for their safety in making or leaving
a port controlled by a civilized Government. The
pride and the interests of San Francisco arc deeply
tcuched by the series of untoward incidents. We by
no means pretend that any human foresight, courage
und fidelity can eliminate all elements of danger on
the water. We desire to be lenient and respectful of
the misfortunes of those who are involved in the re
sponsibility for this htart-breaking disaster. But at
the sane time one cannot avoid feeling that the long
shipwreck record of the Pacific Mail Company should
have admonished it to extra caution. The loss of nine
teen great ships in fifty 3'ears should have accumu
lated an experience that would have raised safeguards.
Perhaps it has. We don't know. " The action of Cap
tain Ward in permitting his ship to start in the fog
rri2y have its explanation in some bad half hours that
captains have who do not make time. Is it dread of
that makes them take risks?
Steamers are sometimes overloaded, or their cargo
is badlj' stowed. The captain has to take jhe- risk.
Has he authority over the agent to refuse more cargo
when his capacity is reached? The wreck of the Rio
raises all these and other issues, in which the public
have a keen interest.
Is our harbor properly buoyed and equipped with
fog whistles and lights? Would a bell or whistle* on
Mile Rock have prevented this disaster? Does the
Government do its full duty by San Francisco har
bor? Have we the automatic lights, duplicate light
ship and other safeguards which it is considered the
duty of all Governments to provide for the safety of
mariners?
All these axe vital questions. Two large steamers
of, the Pacific Mail Company have laid their bones
in the Golden Gate within gunshot of each other. If
that had happened to the Cunard line in New York
harbor its significance would have been understood.
It would have been taken as implying lack of skill or
discipline on board, or failure of the -Government to
properly chart, light and buoy the harbor, or both.
Our. commercial bodies, which comprehend the
Kfeat importance of these safeguards to the good rep
utation of the port, and have knowledge of the im
portance of that reputation to every interest here,
should make themselves felt in securing whatever may
be done to remove the bad impression made by this
latest and saddest sacrifice of life and property.
It is too hte to save the ship that lies at the bot
tom, but it is not too late to take measures to keep
others from joining her.- , •
Among the things bard to understand is the con
tinued defense of the delinquent life-saving lookout,
r.fter his confession tint the sinking steamer's distress
signal was heard and not. heeded, by the superinten
dent of that service. . , .
He meets this confession by a plea for suspension
of judgment until the matter is investigated! The con
fession admits all that an investigation could find out.
Ir is this sort of thing that demoralizes a service and
makes it unfit for its functions.
i hat instrument.
The Oakland Judg:e who -expressed a- desire the
other day to adjourn court, leave the bench and thump
an annoying attorney probably* believes that an ar
gument on the jaw is more effective than one with
Time was that California did not bread herself be
cause it .was thought wheat Would not flourish here.
Then came a time when it looked as though this State
could provide the world's loaf. . The uses of our soil
have been 'discovered empirically, and one after an^
The milling is not a costly process, and if an experi
ment in the culture' should Vucceed the placing 'of a
mill does not require much capital.
Its successful culture would diversify our crops, and
oh properly protected tule lands would add desirably
to the possible rotation of crops, which is the life of
the- soil. - ' -. ¦ '
It is a mistake, to treat rice as a tropical cereal only.
It is the leading. field crop of Japan and of parts of
China that are by no means tropical. There is no
reason why-it should not flourish in California . and
even become eventually an article of export to Asia;
Li Hung Chang; is authority for the statement that
the population of China is about to overtake the food
supply, and that rice or a substitute must soon be
largely imported to take its place. With this prospecT
in view it is quite worth while to experiment with
rice on the overflow lands of this State. Much of the
land in the Yolo basin, which is periodically flooded,
resembles the rice land of Eastern Texas. The river
islands, in the delta, that are under levee, oughf.to
find rice a profitable crop at a, yield of two tons per
acre, which. ought to, be reached. . .We are large im
porters of rice to supply the demand of our Asiatic
population, who prefer it to any other cereal. ' ¦ V-''
But the marvel is that California capital should go
away from home to raise rice. The, tule lands of the
delta of the San Joaquin and Sacramento rivers arid
their borders present an ideal situation for r^ce cul
ture. These lands when leveed have every facility for
flooding and draining, and their fertility and-dura
bility excel the quality of the Texas lands. •
OUR readers were surprised to learn that Cali
fornia capital is invested in raising rice it
Eastern Texas. That rice field was opened by
a number of settlers from Iowa, who interested Gov
ernor Shaw and a group of Iowa, capitalists. The ter
ritory, adjoins the rice rlands of Western Louisiana,
and is well situated for the flooding that is necessary
to the crop and the draining that is required at har
vest time, when the grain is cut with a reaping ma
¦chine and threshed iike wheat, after which the
'/paddy," as the unhulled rice is 'called, is taken to the
mill, which hulls and fits it for consumption. Texas,
from the Brazos eastward, is fitted for both rice and
sugar growing. - . " „•
CALIFORNIA RICE.
FASHION HINTS FROM PARIS.
Although the work of reform had begun
upon the deposition- of Ismail It naturally
could not ameliorate the condition. of the
people at once. Commencing in the army.
a~ revolt arose under Arabl Pasha, and
massacres ' took place :ln -Alexandria" and
Tantah. The country was drifting -into
anarchy , when *;• England intervened and
crushed the revolt. England restored the
Khedive's ; authority and then set to work
Character , of the People.
,When Ismail Pasha came tp the thror.e
in 18C3 the national debt was only about
£3,000,000, and yet in 1S76 It had mounted
to £89,000,000, and this without any cau*c
except the awful extravagance of the
Pasha. To meet the interest on this debt
and to pay the increased taxes the inhabi
tants of. the country were squeezed and
ruined without mercy. Thus it was a re
lief 3 when the . deposition of Ismail took
place in 1879, and the dual control of
France and England was established. The
finances of the country were in' a fright
ful condition and it was not possible for
Egypt to repudiate its debts. Europe was
bound to intervene and after Ions negotia
tions an arrangement was arrived at
whereby the interest on the debt was re
duced, "but ¦' Egypt was not allowed to
spend any money without the consent of
Europe. The "Caisse de la Dette." a
board of representatives of the preat pow
ers, acts as receiver and controller of- the
finances. The consent of this board has
to be obtained before any money may bt
spent or any loan raised for extraordinary
needs. This fact necessarily hampers the
Government, and the British officials e3^
peclally, as many of the powers represent
ed on 'the board are not friendly to Great
Britain. -' '
Disastrous Rule of Ismail Pasha-
In the time of Napoleon the struggle be
tween France and England for a colonial
empire was principally, fought out in
Egypt, and since the construction of the
Suez canal tho country has become still
more important, politically as as
commercially. Egypt is the Nile and the
Nile is Egypt. Without the one great
river there would only be a desert where
ence flourished the civilization of the
Pharaohs. Thus we see plainly that it
really Is not of such great importance
who occupies Egypt as It is who occuptes
the Soudan and the country of the upper
Nile. Since the last war in the Soudan,
which resulted in tho crushing of the der
vish power, that country has been placed
under the joint control of England and of
Egypt, quite irrespective of ¦ the situation
in the country of the lower Nile. By this
stroke of policy in gaining control of the
Nile the position of England in Egypt Jrf
practically rendered unassailable, an«
England may now remain there as Ions
as it shall desire to do so. -
Egypt is a tributary state of Turkey
and pays annually a tribute of about
£750,000 ($3,630,000). The Khedive, however,
fs practically independent,' as far as his
own territories are concerned. In the
time of the Khedive Ismail, .after 1863, flu
Suez canal was constructed at a cost of
pome £16,000,000 and thousands j of lives
Great Britain bought Egypt's ; rights in
the canal, and thus the country through
which this important waterway runs has
no share in its success. The share pur
chased by Great Britain for £4,000,000 is
now worth at least £20.000,000.
How the British Entered Egypt.
creditable to England. This is still true,
even if we impute to her the most unfa
vorable motives for all the good work
done. "Grajited. for the sake of argument,
that the British Intend to remain per
manently in Egypt, does that at all lessen
the value of the fact that now the an
nual taxes per head of the inhabitants
amount to only 17 shillings 6 pence ($4 20),
as compared with £1 2 shillings 6 pence
($5 44> in 18S1; or that the proportion of
debt per head is only £10 2d ($43 44), as
compared with £14 8s 9d ($69 83) in the
former year? Whatever may be the pol
icy of Great Britain with regard to Egypt.
It will be an unhappy day that sees tho
Egyptians restored to that complete freer
dom under which extortion and the cor
vee so luxuriously flourished in the olden
times.
In the Soudan It is too early to be ablo
to form any idea as to how the new rule
will work out. It is probable, however,
that as soon ns the military rule gives
place to tho civil the people of the coun
try will receive all the benefits of their
neighbors of the lower Nile, and more vir
ile and Independent, they will progress
much more rapidly than will ever the fel
lahln.
England s great enemy lrj Egypt Is
France, which opposes all reforms, simply
because they are proposed by "perflde Al
bion." Though England is paramount in
I t5 yp^ f r , e P ch Is "till allowed to remain,
the official language with Arabic; French
newspapers are allowed a free hand to
spread any reports they may wish as tn
the work of the BrlttehT In fait there Is
no restraint upon the French In little
things and it is the . knowledge that only
in these little things are they free to do
as they like which makes them so furious
against the prolonged British occupation
of Egypt. . •
French Opposition to British Bole.
The population of Egypt has Increased
in fifteen years by 43 per cent. It was
9,734.000 in 1897.- Taxes are lower than
ever before.
The development of the irrigation sys
tems of Egypt has wrought immense Im
provement In 'the condition of the country
and the more recent plans for consenting
the water for the dry seasons and thus
insuring constant crops will still further
bepeflt the land of the Xile. The figures
given below show how much is due to Im
proved irrigation. In 1S82 the cotton crop
was 2,846,000 kantars; In 1S96 it was 6.879.
000 kantars. The sugar crop for the same
years was 26.6S7.000 kilos and 73,597,000 kilos
respectively.
The courts of justice were reorganized
and mixed tribunals -were introduced to
deal with cases In which the parties were
of different nationalities. The composi
tion of these tribunals was partly native
partly European. In the native courts
crimes have greatly diminished. In 1S36
there were 1S66 cases; in 1S97 there were
1424 cases.
Growth in Prosperity.
Great Britain abolished the corvee
which had formerly been in force for the
clearing of the canals by forced labor of
tho "peasants. The loss such forced labor
meant to the peasants was considerable.
Now only at high Nile are they liable to
be called upon to prevent floods. In 18S1
251,283 men were called out for the corvee;
In 1S97 11,069 only were called out.
tion of affairs becomes more and more
satisfactory to the people and the advan
tages df law and order are so apparent
that there is no longer any grumbling
against reform.
Egyptian Water Venders, Cairo.
It is to be trusted the confiding natives who take
the oath of allegiance to our flag with such joyous
ceremonies and such high hopes are not going to be
disappointed. Whatever we do in the islands should
be done honestly for the moral and material -good of
the people. It will be our own fault if the starry ban
ner which Ascension so earnestly hailed should evir
beanything else to the loyal Filipinos than a symbol
of peace and prosperity.
There is something attractive, and charming in the
Filipino idea of making a festival out of the ceremony
of oath-taking. It is far better than the way the thing
is done in this country, where the naturalization of a
citizen is carried Jout in a manner so perfunctory it
can hardly appear solemn, even to the most devoted
patriot. Moreover, Ascension's speech* while flowery,
as befits his tropic race, has a good deal of well tem
pered sense in it, and shows what Filipino loyalists
hope for from this country.
It appears that when the Filipino employes of the
Ordnance Department were to take the oath of alle
giance to the United States and the flag they deter
mined to make a fiesta of the occasion and to perform
the ceremony with something of dignity and* grace.
At the close of the formal oath-taking one Hugo
Ascension, chosen orator of the day, made the follow
ing speech: "Filipinos: This~is the hour in which
'the light spreads itself over the fields like a mantle of
gold; when the ancient trees, with their clinging
parasites, lazily move their great crowns in the breath
of the. early breeze; when the shrubs greet the day
with the delicious odors of their flowers, on whose ten
drils the dew has left a pearl which the sun turns
into a beautiful gift from a serene night of love; when
the birds raise, in concerted choir, their hymn of
praise — in shortfall nature salutes the father of life,
the luminous representation of the Creator of the
world. Now that we have had the happiness of being^
gathered under the starry banner, do not doubt, Fili
pinos,- that the grand republic of America is that
which will conduct us, be it late or early, to the moral
and material good of these islands." Therefore, you
who have signed and sworn your fealty to this grand
nation, join with me in crying: Long live the starry
banner! Long live our colonel! Long live our lieu
tenant! Long live AMERICA!"
WE get so much in the way of ill news. from the
Philippines it is worth while to give special at
. . tention to, anything in the way of comfort and
joy that comes from that quarter. For that reason we
note with satisfaction in a copy of the Manila Times,
just received, a speech by a Filipino which is at once
glowing, patriotic and' graceful.
A FILIPINO ORATION.
Alexander Pumas fils always wrote over
their respective names. Neither of the
Dumas was ever known In private life aa
UNIVERSITIES— U M. "VT.. TTWah. Cal.
Of the 411 universities and colleges in the
United States 107 of those who hold the
office of president or presiding official ar«
designated by Xhe title "reverend" and are
doctors of divinity. The name and title
of the president of the University of Cali
fornia is Benjamin Ide Whaler. LL.D.:
that of the president of the University of
Southern California. George F. BovarO.
A. M., D. D-. and the president of the
Stanford University Is David Starr Jor
dan, LL.D.
IRISH LANGUAGE— B. C. M.. Fresno.
Cal. The Irish (Gaelic) language Is one
of the still living- Celtic languages. The al
phabet consists of eig-hteen letters, name
ly: a. b, c. d. e, f. e. h. i. 1. m. n. o, p. r. a. t
and u, corresponding? in their forms with
the Roman characters of the fifth century.
The oldest existing specimens of the IriJh
language are in sepulchral inscriptions in
Ireland and in the Klossares or interpreta
tions affixed to Latin words in the docu
ments translated by Iris:i ecclesiastics of
the eighth and succeeding 1 centuries, no-r
preserved In some Continental libraries
The most ancient manuscripts In Ireland
containing original matter In the Irish
language are the Book of Armagh (ninth
century) and the Book of Hymns of some
what later date. The Irish language in
its modern forms is still spoken commonly
by the rural classes and native land own
ers In Connaught, Munster. the remote
parts of Ulster, the south of Leinster. as
well as in the islands oft the west coast of
Ireland.
ALEXANDER DUMAS-M. E. S.. San
Jose. CaL Alexander Dumas pere and
kins Institute of Art make application at
the institute for terms and conditions.
INSTITUTE OF ART— F. J. T.. City.
For admission as a student in the Hop-
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Callfornlans are in New York: Prom San
Francisco — B. Ambter Is at the Astor,
Mrs. R. C Clark is at the Grand Union.
D. M. Moses Is at the Herald Square, J.
I* Sole is at the Broadway Central. W.
I>. 'Walker Is at the Herald Square. M. J.
Cahn is at the Imperial, P. T>. Martin and
Miss Wurkheimer are at the Holland.
From Los Angeles— W. Cusrer is at the
Park Avenue. C. E. C. Hodgson Is at the
Victoria, J. F. Oliver and wife are at the
Gerard.
XETV YORK. March 4.-The following
ca:ltfobniaj*s in mew yobk.
Since the wrong has been carried to the extent de
scribed it is certainly time something be done to pre
vent it. When in a single city there are reported
more than 2000 cases of want caused by husbands de
serting their wives and helpless children, it is high
time the law undertake to suppress the practice.
While we have no such troubles as these in our fair
land of happy homes we can none the le'ss sympathize
with the Eastern legislators who have to deal with
them. Undoubtedly wife desertion is bad. Some of
our Eastern: exchanges declare it to be worse than
wife-beating. To leave a family exposed to want ami
in danger of starvation, they say, is a greater wronij
than to whip the whole family from mother to babe.
On an issue of that kind we cannot pronounce judg
ment. The relative demerits of the two evils are bet-:
ter understood in the East than here*, and we cannot
do better than to accept the decision of the experts
of that section. The desertion of families may there
fore be conceded the crying evil of the time on the
other side of the Rockies. It makes not only the wife
cry, but the charitable societies cry, whereas in wife
beating there is only one who has to weep.
It would seem that since divorces are so cheap and
easy in the East husbands and wives who could
not get along together without fighting could readily
quit and start anew. Evidently, however, the seeming
ease of divorces is deceptive. There are troubles that
cannot be reached by legal separation. The husband
either desires to thrash his wife or to fly from her
without paying the costs of a divorce suit and run
ning the risk of being saddled by the burdens of ali
mony. -
That makes the third- Eastern State that has had
its attention drawn this winter to matrimonial infelici
ties that cannot be cured by divorce. In Connecticut
they, have been discussing the advisability of estab
lishing a whipping-post for the punishment and re
form, of husbands who beat their wives. In Delaware
they have been trying to devise a means of dealing
out square justice to women who beat their husbands,
and now Illinois seeks to restrain deserters.
LEGISLATORS in Illinois" are trying to devise a
means to compel Chicago husbands to support
their .wives. It appears the three charitable
societies of that city have reported more than 2000
cases of want caused by the desertion of their families
by husbands, and have asked that something be done
to check the evil. The response of the Legislatu-e
has been made by the introduction of. a bill providing
that a husband convicted of deserting his wife shall be
confined for a term in penitentiary and while there
shall be required to work at some, profitable trade,
the earnings whereof shall be turned ovej" by the State
to the family left in want.
TROUBLES IN THE EAST.
By Alfred Stead.
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
IH.— EGYPT AJTD THE SOXTDA1T.
in 1SS2 to establish a good government for
Egypt. Much has been done since then,
but the material upon which the English
officials have to work is so little progress
ive that much time must be spent before
the Egyptians really appreciate the mean
ing of freedom.
About 60 per cent of the population be
longs to the agricultural class — the "rel
lahin.'* These people are conservative and
primitive in their habits and are uniformly
cheerful despite the centuries of oppres
sion which they have undergone. Food is
cheap, and there is no appearance of ab
ject poverty to be found. A peasant can
live well on a piastre (5 cents) a day.
The greater part of the population are
Mohammedans, but they are not particu
larly, fanatical. In upper Egypt are to be
found the Copts, or native Chri3tians. who
form about one-tenth of the population.
They are credited with being less honest
than their Mohammedan 'fellow country
men and are looked down upon by the lat-
British Rsform in Egypt.
Turning to what has been done In the
way of reform since 1SS2 by Great Britain
in Egypt we find, naturally enough, that
tho changes instituted were not at all
popular at first. The native officials
found out that they were no longer free
to extort money, the wealthy landowners
discovered that no longer was all the wa
ter their.* for irrigation; and even the
"fellahin" were disappointed because
their creditors flocked back and demanded
payment of loans contracted In Ismail's
time. However, year by year the condl-
The position of the British in Egypt Is
without parallel In the whole world. There
Is no protectorate over Egypt, there has
been no annexation and yet, to all In
tents and purposes, England rules the
ccuntry.. .
Egypt do«s not bring any revenue to
England— In fact. It costs large sums an
nually to maintain the occupation. There
1b always the chance that the develop
ment of Egypt may enlarge the market
for British goods, but as the policy of
the open door i» adhered to with the
greatest firmness, this method of making
the occupation worth while does not seem
particularly and selfishly good. Of course,
as the principal" shareholder In the Suez
canal Great Britain feels bound to insure
peace and good government In the coun
try through which the canal passes.
The. position In Egypt is somewhat sim
ilar to what would have been the case
in the Philippines if America had allowed
the Filipinos to govern the country under
Spanish suzerainty, with an international
hoard to manage the. revenue and expen
diture "of the Islands. Such a state of
affairs would naturally suggest chaos and
impracticability of any sane government;
yet this is almost exactly the position
England occupies In Egypt, with, in addi
tion, several other obnoxious restrictions
to contend with. That under the circum
stances it has been possible to lift the
Egyptian people as much- as It has done,
and to introduce good government, is most
'¦•¦-¦¦•¦"
Strange Story of How England Won Egypt
; as a Colony and Gained Neither a
. Protectorate Nor Revenue.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
Hi The San Francisco Call
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS,
Such are the President's declarations concerning the
chief issues before the republic. There is everything
in them to confirm public confidence in the adminis
tration and not a word to give rise to any fear of dis
turbance in domestic or in foreign affairs. The people
can draw from it a renewed assurance that the admin
istration of the government is in safe hands, and that
whatever emergency arise we shall have in the White
House the right statesman to dea! with it.
In the Philippines the President points out that he
is seeking to establish peace and civil government.
By far the greater part of the inhabitants, he says,
"recognize American sovereignty and welcome it as
a guarantee of order and of security for life, property,
liberty, freedom of conscience and the pursuit of hap
piness." He declares emphatically he will protect
the loyal Filipinos against tfie aggressions of insur
gents, and he adds: "Force will not be needed or
used when those who make war against as shall make
it no more."
Upon the questions involved in our relations to
Cuba and the Philippines the President's declarations
are clear and emphatic He expresses gratification at
the recent act of Congress defining the policy which
the legislative branch of the Government deems essen
thl to the best interests of Cuba and the United
States, and announces an intention to uphold that pol
icy to the end, so that there shall be secured to the
Cuban people a "free commonwealth on abiding foun
dations of right, justice, liberty and assured order."
It is significant of McKinley's progressive states
manship.that he does not dwell long upon the record
of things accomplished, but proceeds at once to direct
attention to things which remain to be done. Upon
that point he said: "The national verdict of 1896 has
for the most part been executed. Whatever remains
unfulfilled is a continuing obligation, resting with un
diminished force upon the Executive and Congress."
That declaration gives the country hope that the
pledges to promote the construction of the Nicaragua
canal, to upbuild the American merchant marine and
to provide an adequate immigration restriction law
will be speedily fulfilled. It gives assurance that the
administration will urge those great measures upon
Congress at the next session, to the end that every
promise made by the Republican party to the people
will be faithfully kept
The country, looking back to the years of, the first
hard fight against Bryanism and free silver, has ample
reason to rejoice that the common-sense of a majority
of the voters was sufficient to save the republic from
the menace of that financial fallacy and demagogism.
What would have been the condition of the country
and the people had Bryan been elected it is impossible
to say, but it would surely have been far different
from that which prevails. Instead of being able to
contrast our good fortunes of the present with the
anxiety of the past four years of Bryanism would
have brought us to a point where we would look back
upon the conditions of four years ago as a period of
comparative prosperity and security.
It is indeed gratifying to note the difference between
the conditions of the country now and what they were
when McKinley made his inaugural address four years
sgo. At that time, as he has said, "There was great
anxiety with regard to our. currency and credit. None
exists now. Then our treasury receipts were inade
quate to meet the current obligations of the Govern
ment Now they are sufficient for all public needs,
and we have a surplus instead of a deficit. Then I felt
constrained to convene Congress in extra session to
devise revenues to pay the ordinary expenses of the
Government. Now I have the satisfaction to an
nounce that the Congress just closed has reduced
taxation in the sum of $41,000,000. Then there was
deep solicitude because of the long depression of our
manufacturing, mining, agricultural and mercantile
industries, and the consequent distress of our laboring
population. Now every avenue of production is
crowded with activity, labor is well employed, and
American productions find good markets at home*
and abroad."
T-\ RESIDENT McKINLEY.'S inaugural address
L_y is marked by a directness of expression .ra^e
i~^ among statesmen. He announces with satis
faction that much has been done during the past four
years to provide legislation needed for the welfare of
the country, but does not hesitate to point out that
much remains to be done. The greater portion of the
address is devoted to the issues growing out of the
war with Spain, and on each of those issues he speaks
with clearness and with force.
THE INAUGURAL ADDRESS.
Professor T. Takamatsn, of the Engi
neering College* at Toklo, who Is on h!s
way back to Japan from the Paris expo
sition. Is at the Occidental.
Henry R. Levy, a business man of San
Bernardino, has returned from New York
and- Is registered at the Palace.
J. D. Farrell, president of the Pacific
Coast Company, is registered at the Pal
ace from Seattle.
E. Duryee, of the California-Portland
Cement Company, -with headquarters at
Colton, CaL, is at the Lick.
W. A. Bell, connected with the Electric
Power Company of Placerville, Is a guest
at the Occidental.
Jesse R. Grant la registered at the Pal
ace.
F. P. Spiers of San Jose la at the Pal
ace.
J. F. Stevenson, a Courtlar.d rancner, is
at the Grand.
W. F. Peterson wife of Sacramento
are at the Falacdr
B. K. Pearse, a merchant of Gautema!a,
is at the California.
V. S. McClatchy of {lie Sacramento Be«
is at the California-
W. E. Woolsey. a merchant of Santa
Rosa, is at ttw Lick.
- M. S. Wagy. an oil man of Eakersfleld,
is a guest at the Lick.
V. Brignole. a mining man of Sutter
Creek, is at the Grand.
H. H. Xlchols and wife of Courtland
are guests at the Grand.
C. R. Downs, a Sutter Creek m!nln»
man, la at the Occidental.
H. M. Mosher, a business man of Ix>»
Angeles, is at the California.
A. Clark, a lumberman of Forest Hill,
is a guest at the Occidental.
A. W. Simpson, a dry-sooda merchant
of Stockton, is at the Occidental.
M. M. Harris, an attorney of Los An
geles, is registered at the Grand.
Colonel W. Forsyth. a vineyardlst o?
Fresno, Is registered at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
other valuable products have been added to our cornu
copia. The man who will try his properly situated
land with rice may.,well'be written down in the future
a "benefactor of his State*.
• It is a subject of interest just now that the. railroads
are putting the State under inspection of intending
immigrants. If a great number of people would leave
the Upper Mississippi Valley to raise rice in Eastern
Texas, there is no reason .why some should not be per
suaded to -found the same industry here.
THE, -SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, •MARCH 5, 1901.
TUESDAY.....: . MARCH 5," iy»
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Atirtn All Ccraantle*ti«E» to W. B. LEAKS. Hu^n.
»I Wai.KU'j OK KICK. ...... .Telephone Preis 2O-t
PttlLlCATlOX OFFICE... Market and Tlilrd. S. If.
'i'eJeplione l'rf»» XO1.
KOITOOIAI. ROOMS. ... .217 to 221 SleTemioa St.
Tclepbune Press -U-. '
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Weelc.
Mnclc Copies, S Cent*.
Terms Ur Mr.il. Indndins 1'ontacei
DAH.Y CALX. (Including Sunday), one year *••">
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). « months 1.00
PA1LY CALL. Uncluciific Sunday), S moatfaa 1-M
QaILY CALL-Uy £ln«le Month «5c
il'XDAY CALL, One Vetr 1 - M
rt hillkLY CALL. One Year , '. *- M
All postmaster* are authorized to recelre
anbserlptlom.
£«zsple copies will fee ror»ard«l when requested.
Mail scbocribers In ordering ctanse of sAdren Rhcull be
particu^r to rlv« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
va jj>i^re a prompt and correct compliHTiff with tbelr request.
O^ULASD OFFICE .............. X11S Brosdnar
C GEORGE KKOGXESS. ' '
Xutpr Tcn-iga AJTcrtisigg. Jfir^nttti BsHfiisg, Cblaag*.
cLocs XXxtaoc* Telephone "Ceatrai ZC11.")
KTW TOEJC CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAHLTOA Herald SqnBrc
3CEW TOEK REPRESEN'.'Aii v e:
ITEFHE5 ii. s "ULJTli SO Tribune Ball ding:
. NEW TOJUI NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Howl; A. Brent a no. a TTnlca Svoare:
Xsmj H»l Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebencxa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
WASHISGTO5 <D. C.) OFFICE. . . . 14OC O St^ 3T. W.
MOJITOS E. CUAAK. Correspondent.
BBJLXCtM. OFF1CK5— C27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
¦mn s^» o'clock. 300 H»y«ns. open until IJ9 o'clock. 633
Mf>;'»t> r open »tt»mi >:38 o'clock. CIS I^arkln. open "¦"?«'
*20 o'clock. 1M Mlat^sn, open until 19 o'clock. ~S1 Market.
ccmer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1C3S Valencia, open
vr.VA • o'clock. ZCit Elrcenth. cpea natll-,9 o'clock. Nff. oor
z.«-r Hi nlj m m.i1 and v«mni-iry_ open until • o'clock.
6
Splendid fire-etched California views on
all • our boxes used for California Giaca
Fruits and Candy— 1. 2. 3. 5 lb boxes— all
ready for shipping. A nice present for
Eastern friends. Xo waiting at Town-
send's, CX> Market street. " •
In ninety years the Spanish-speaking
people of the worM have increased from
55.1W.OOO to 42.800.000. ¦MM
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invlgorator.
The beat Uver medicine. A vegetable cure fac
liver Ills, biliousness. Indigestion, constipation.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsenrt's.*
Choice candies, Townsend's. Palace Hot«L*
AUCTION SALES.
By a P. Van Cleve— This day. at U o'clock. Horses. Bns-
Eles. ctc^. at 1216 Pine rtreet.
Ey Araericai Auction Co.— Tnesfiay, March IT. at 10 o'clock.
SOOB Twite, etc. at S17 ilarket street.
Alcazar— "CcucteiA Gucki."
CctesbU— "Zsffa.**
T:vcU— -Witard of the 2fUe-~
Central — "T2ie Black Flag."
CaU*cr=ia— "Faust. "
Orjheum— YaofievUe.
OIjTSpla, corner Mason aad Eddy streets— Specialties.
("liutes. Zoo a"* Theater — Vaudeville every aftrraoon and
F Iscter* s— VaEdevlIle.
ilecbarfa* Pavilion— Trained Artmnl Show.
Calif omia Jockey Clcb (Oaklanaj—Eaces.
Tcnforan Park — Itaces.
AJSUJSEMEUTS.
Grsus J Opera Eonse — "AruuuO. the "World la Eighty- DaT8.~
Gras£ Qpera-hoose— eexsnrlch Opera. CotEp&nr, March IS.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tht»
I'rtsa Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery «t. Telephone Main 1042. •Barbers' Union No. 118 met, at 102 O'Far
rell street last night. This union has a
membership ' of • 950 'with applications
enough on fUe : to swell: it to .luOt). . Tho
members of the union are working enthu
siastically under - the new conditions and
it/is a foregone conclusion that -when the
new,' law -governing, the barbers 'goes- Into
effect- the- condition of -the: trade will. b«
greatly Improved. vJ.J.Callsh and Joseph
Bliely have been indorsed by the members
of the union for the positionof State Ex
aminer created by; the Legislature.
Enthusiastic Meeting of Barbers.
The season, opened on the 1st inst. and
will continue until the middle of April.
Several parties are being organized in this
Hty to avail of the royal sport which a
day in the Held after v.ild geese affords.
The gentlemen who g.o from this city
make their arrangements through Mr. Al
linon of Klmira. He In turn arranges with
Doc Stuart at Norman. The latter rec
ommends number six shot to be used, as
the shooting is at a range of not over
forty yards. Shells loaded for duck give
th*» beft results.
A man who rould not nit a flock of hay-
Ftarks is at no disadvantage in the Glenn
County fields about Norman. The wild
ccpse are there by th«» million and the
averajtc pportsman could not miss them
if he tried.
Tij> In Glenn County "Doc"' Stuart, one
of the most famous professional t-ports
m«>n of the State, is preparing for the
wild goose shooting for which that dis
trict Is famous. Each year "Billy" Foote.
judpp Henshaw and other •well-known
professional men. lind an opportunity to
plit> away quiotly for a- few days in the
Held. They return heavily laden with the
preat birds, wnlch "Doc" and his asso
ciate. Abe Crump, know so well how to
attract.
WILD GEESE PLENTIFUL
IN GLENN COUNTY
Thoueh March 3 and 4 had been set for
the visit, of the professional ffolfers, Willie
Smith and David Boll, to tho Burllngamo
Country Club, neither of them appeared
there on either of the two days; and as
Hocace Rawlins and Harry Rawllna, the
professionals of. the Oakland Golf Club,
also abstained from going to Burllngame,
the only professionals present there wcra
F. J. Rlley, the resident. Instructor, and
Robert Johnstone of the. San Francisco
Golf Club. F, J. Biley-toeat Robert John,
stone In a match over eighteen holes on
Sunday for a purse offered by some mem
bers of the Country Club. ' P. J..Riley also
beat "John Lawson " in an elRhteen-holi*
match,- one up, x»n Sunday.
To-day and to-morrow William Smith
David Bell, the Rawllns brothers, Robert
Johnstone and - F. J. ltiley will take Dart
In a professional tournament over thirty
six holes. Half will be played to-day be
ginning at 1:30 p. m.. and half to-morrow
afternoon. It is likely that the morn-
Ings of both davs wilt be . occupied by
matches In which Smith will play against
the best hall of two amateurs and BeU
against that of two others.' As the put
ting-greens at the "Presidio are of- turf, all
golfers will be on the same terms ex
cept F. J. Riley.' who is accustomed to
sand gTeens. The contest should be an
exceedingly ' close and < interesting one;
with the, -odds in favor: of the home pro
fessional. ¦
GOLF CEACKS WILL PLAY
AT THE PRESIDIO TO-DAY
Flr*t race— Llzelia. Meaddw Lark.- Mike
Etraufs.
Second race— Letlger, Juva, John Welch.
Third race— Jarretierre d'Or, Kllldoe, Pepper
Sauce. '
Fourth r»se— Castake. El Mido, Twlnkler
Fifth race— Compass, St. Rica, El Toplo.
Sixth race— My Gyp*y. McAlbert, Pongo.
Oakland Selections.
Sixth race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up: selling:
:M4 Ponro 100 1SS0 Louise Hooker. 9S
19*4 WlUiam F 102 1869 Satan . . 97
lfc€7 My Cyp«y 100 1S99 Jim McCIeevy..lW
13J0 Brown Prince. .100 1S40 Kastaine 98
IMS McAlbert 10; 1SS4 Canejo ...105
nrth race— Six Xurlongs; three-year-olds;
exiling:
(I9S7)E1 Toplo 110] 1941 Small Jack 1C2
IK'S Rollick 102 1S46 Compass 102
19'.? St. Rica- 1091 .-¦',¦
Fourth r»c«— Mile and aa eighth; four-year-
Dlds and up; celling:
]R2SCastake 1I1| 1976 El llido Ill
15-64 Ostler Joe 114 20O» Snips 104
U-06 Twlnkler 106) l£28 Mitten 1CS
Third race — Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
1974 Prwtene lll:OS74)>rr 1 tlerre d'Or.US
1385 Ki'.ldoe llai 1974 Pepper Sauce.. .113
Second race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; selling:
19S4 John Welch. ...107, 1971 Letlger ..107
200» Sam Howard... 1C7| 19S9 Melkarth 1(»
1624 EarsSeld 971 1CT8 Juva 103
1?96 r-'ummer 1051 193 Mainstay Hi
1972 Foul Play 10»| 1S&S Mont Eagle 97
First race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
ani up; selling:
1569 Meadnw Lark..l0S! 1998 Mod wen* ¦ 106
15*4 Dr. Marks 10S 1961 Newsgatherer .108
<l224)RoFe of Hllo...lC3'(19^)Mlke Strauss. ..103
1976 Don Luis i(*| 19C5 Young Morello..lCS
1S6S Oemond 10S' ISIS LJzella 106
ISM Free Pass 1*2,
Oakland Entrits.
Stxth race — One mile; four- year-olds and up
ward; selling. • .
1971 Dlomed 102 1931 Limelight 102
J834 Catastrophe ...103 1952 Alas 100
1791 Rainier 103 .... Crutch 102
19C9 Macy 105
Tanforan Selections.
First race^El Sonoro, Luca, Artena,
Second race— Silurian, Edlnborough, Selde.
Third race— Lavator, Olinthus. Palatine.
Fourth race — Vohlcer,' Isaline, High Hoe.
Fifth race— Brenhllda, Onyx, Thornwild. "
Stxth race — Catastrophe, Macy, Alas.
Fifth race— Seven furlongs; maiden three
year-olds and upward; purse.
1624 Onyx 100. 1992 May Boy 100
1724 Brenhilda 113 1900 Senator Matts.,100
1S75 Sweet Voice. ...1051 1990 Carlovlgnlan .. 96
1947 Lady Maud.... 105 1 1983 Thornwild 96
Fourth race— Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
(1997)Owensboro 105 1(1957) Isallne 103
1995 High Hoe 100 1957 Pupil 105
(1995)Vohicer 102 ¦
Third race — One mile and a half; hurdle
handicap, over 'six hurdles.
1932OlInthus 150 1967 Lavator 137
1958 Hohenlohe 185 1887 Acrobat 130
1203 Palatine 120 1993 Gllberto 120
1944 Koentg 125 1944 Tom Sharkey..l20
Second race^ — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; celling:
1909 Silurian 106f .'... Miss Daniels... S3
19C6 Esplrando .....110" 1995 Edlnborough ..114
1968 Selde 105 1947 Mary Klnsella. 98
• 19S3 Prejudice 1101 1970 Chas. Le Bel. .110
Tanforan Entries.
First race— Five furlongs: three-year-old fil
lies; nelllng. -^
1918 Luca ,...102f ..-.. Yodel 117
1408 Chaste 102 1984 Singer 107
18S9 El Sonoro 117 1740 Triple Cross... .102
1838 Alpha Lee 102 1836 Kath, Ennls...lO2
1611 Telephone Girl.102 1978 La ¦ Calma 102
1SS3 Artena ..107
1:16^; mile. l:«Vi; lm 70ydg. 1M7V4. Good
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, J. K. Patton's b. g. by Aloha- Will'
nette. Rapido might have won with a good
ride; the boy choked him to death first half
mile. William Ack ran a surprisingly good
race. Scratched— Benson Caldwell" 106.
Bcttinrr— William Ack. 3; Artllla, 9-5; The
Singer, 7-5;. Rapido, 25.
1S32 Rapido. a, lll..McBrlde 111 1 h 4
Time— 70 yards. :C4%;U. :25%; Vi. :H>tf: %.
2007. SIXTH RACB-Mile and seventy yards;
celling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
1983 Wm. Ack.-*, 93. .Murphy 3 2 h 4 11
19S0 Artllla. 4, 115.. T. Burns 4 3 h 2 1- 2 4
13S8 The Singer, 4. 107. 0' Con 2 4 3 h 3 1
2000. FIFTH RACE — One mile; selllne;
three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index, Horse Wt, Jockey. 8t. M. Str. Fin.
19S2 The Phoe'cn, 6, 109.6'Cn 4 3 h 3 2 11%
1S21 Wyoming, a, 111.. Thorp© 12 1 1 h 2 2
1943 McXamara, 4, lOO.Murph 5 6 6 3 h
(!!<69)GreatIand, 5. 112.Bozemn 3 4 4 4 1 4 1
1823 H'dicapper, 4, m.Burns 2 1 H 2 H 6
" Time— hi. :26; %. :50%; %, 1:16; mile, 1:41%!
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. "g. by
Ben All-Turmoil. Wyoming a bit sore going
to the post. Handicapper 6topped very badly.
The Phoenician showed considerable Improve
ment. Scratched— Free Lance 112, Owensboro
107. . • • . •
Betting— The Phoenician, 3: Wyoming, I; Mc
r.atnara, 20; Grratland, 12; Handicapper, 8-5.
Tlme—%, :23%: %. :47; • «4, 1:13. Good start.
Won ridden out Second and third driving.
Winner. W. H. Ketcheman's br. c. by Imp.
Sir Modr«d-lmp. Queen Bess. Kenilworth best,
s!though he had to be shaken up to beat Gon
falon, who closed very strong. Sad Sam quit.
Pace too hot for Maggie Davis. Scratched—
Dr. Cave 101. MacGyle 100.
Betting— Kenilworth, 9-10; Gonfalon, 7-2; Sad
Sam, 20; Maggie Davis, 6; Phoenissa, 15; -For*
mero, 20; Dangerous Maid. 15; Novla, 60.
2005. FOURTH RACE— Six furlonrs: In
'augural Handicap; three-year-olds .and up;
purse, $935. \
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin.
(lS42)Kenn l wrth, 3, U4..Burns,l 2 3 1 H4 1 %
19S1 Gonfalon. 4, 111... Henry 6 8 4 4 2 1
1977 Sad Sam, 3, 103.Wedd p sd 2 12 2 V4. » %
1977 Mag. Davis, 5, 103.O'Con 3 3 2 3 h 4 \%
' 1933 Phoenlssa, 4, 95..J. Daly 4 5 4 6 2 6 8
102S Formero, 5, lOo.Frawley 8 6 h 6 2 6 1
(1671)Dan. Maid. 3. 104.Murph 7 4 »i 7 4 7 6
1*66 Kovla, 6. 96.. ..J. Walsh 6 7 1 8 8
Loulette the best; she was' knocked to her
knees at the start and had to make . up too
much ground at once. Yrsula ran her race.
Lady Bird has- plenty of speed.
Betting— Lady Dlrd, 10; Loulette. 9-2: Yrsula,
£-5; Luclen Appleby, 6; Quadra, coupled with
Loulette; Royalty,' 13; Remele, 30; San Lul
tlon, S; 'Cayenne. Pepper, 10.
2004. THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; two
year-olds; purse, J400.
Index, Horse, Wt, ~Jockey. St. \. Str. v Fin.
1739 Lady Bird, 95. ..-..Meads 18 1 1 h 14
1P7» Loulette, 85 J. Daly S 14 2n.2h
OTSTrsula, 105 See 8 lh Sn 8%
(l$S3)Luc Appleby, llS.Henry 2 6 1 4 8 4 4
171,7 Quadra. 95 L. Daly 8 7 2 6 2 ' 6 H
.... Royalty, 107 Thorpe 6 4 6 .6 h 6 1
1!)31 Remele. 98...R. Murphy 4 6H 76 7 8
j 1962 San Luitlon. 105 Enos 7 8 6 8 6 8 6
.... Cay. Pepper, 108. ..Burns 9 9 9 9
flme-^4. :24tf; V,, :49. Good start. Won
handily. Second and third driving. Winner,
L. H. Ezell's gr. t. by Vassal-Fannle Rlley.
2OO3. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
tour- year-olds and up; purse. $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. Bt. Vi. Btr. Fin.
1810 Saintly. B, 110.. T. Burns 2 18 18 IB
1P71 Pafmenlon, 4. 107.Thorpe 6 6 2 4 H 2 tf
1S82 Redwald, 4. H0..Murphy 8 6 1 6 h 3 4
lf6S Racetto. 4, 107 Henry 3 8 «4 2 b. 4 H
1K70 Am. Fonso, a, lOS-CKCon 5 4 1 6 1 6 2
1P69 Salvado. 6. 113..Bozeman 17 2 7 4-61
1M7 Estro, 8. lia.WedderBfd 7 8 8 7 5
l»8.Ullo», 6. 108 Enos 4 2'h 8 1 8 .
Time— %,' :23%: H. :47%; «i. 1:1314. Good
start. Won easily. Second- and third driving.
Winner. G. W. Cushlng's b. jr. by imp. Mid
lothian- Angellque. • It was easy for Saintly.
Parmenlcn ran. his rac*. Redwald . closed
strong. Racetto quit last part. Ulloa plenty
of speed. Scratched — Crutch 113. Santa Lucia
103.
Betting— Saintly, fl-J; Parmenion, 6; Redwald,
12; Racetto. 11-5; Amelia Fonso, 3; Salvado, 16;
Ectro. 60; Ulloa, 25.
TANFOBAN. PABK- Mqnday. March 4,
190L— Weather fine. \ Track fast.
2002. FIRST RACB-Seven furlong; thrw
jear-olds; purse, $400.
I , r 1' X A Hor » e . Wt, Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
,:«5?s£ OU|rar ' m Henry 4 2 3 11 1 H
(*97S)Fondo, 104 O'Connor 2 8 6 2 2 .2 B
1&83 KlngEtelle. 102. .Peterson 1 lh 8 6 8 6
.... Tilt. 104 »T. Burns 8 4 4 4
Tim»-H. :13; %, :24?i: %. :48%; %. 1:28.
Good start. Won ridden out. Second and
tWrd driving. Winner. C. T. Boots' ch. g. by
Tiger-Genette Edwards. Cougar best, although
he had nothing, left at the finish. Fondo stood
a Ions, hard drive. Kingstelle with a better
ride would have been closer up.
Betting— Cougar, 7-8; Fondo, »-10; Kingstelle,
CO; Tilt. 9. ' • • . .
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
2O13. SIXTH RACE — Elx furlongs; three
year-olds aad upward; purse, KM.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. *4. Etr. Fin.
<l?77;S!y, a, 110 Bullmanl In 1? 1 *i
1S20 Tellowiall. 4. 105. Mounce 2 4 3 C 2 2
1P7T Frar.k Bell, 6, 112. Math's 3 2 2 2 2 3 20
6b6 Fairfax, 4, lC5...Materne 4 3 19 4 4
Time— 14. :24; H. :<S\: K. 1:14. Good start.
Won all out. Second and third driving. Win
ner, D. M. Hanlon'e U m. by Racine- Aurella
II. Frank Bell tir^d chasing Sly. Mounce
waited too long with Yeilowtall. Scratched—
Email Jack S2; Compass 90. Cromwell 105.
Bettinr— Sly. 4-5; Tellowtail. 2, Frank Bell,
7-2; *-airfax. SO.
2012. FIFTH RACE— One mile; sellinr; three
year-olis and upward; purse, $4C0.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. H. v Etr. Fin.
G5S7>Scotch Plaid. «, 10*. .Bull S 2 4 2 4 In
<iS73iDandy Jim. 3. S8. Math's 4 1 8 .1 5 2 1
13b6 Herculean 4, KB. Mounce 13 3 8 4 3 6
1SG3 The Monk. 4, 103..I>onVk 5 4 6 4 6 4 6
15*4* Morellito. a, 112 — Hoar 2 5 6 B
Time— M.. :24V: H. :4?H: •!*. 1:15: mile, 1:12.
Good etart. Won first three driving. Winner.
Burrs & Waterhouse 1 e b. g. by imp. Mldloth-
Ur.-Mottle. Dandy Jim set euch a gay pace
that he backed up at the end. Mounce on
Herculean waited too long. Hear couldn't
manage Mcrelllto.
Betting— Scotch Plaid. 3-2; Dandy Jim, 13-5;
Herculean. 3; The Monk, S; Morelilto, la.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. H- Btr. Fin.
19S7 Toi>lna. a. 106... Mounce 1 4 4 2n 1 fe
(lf<CE) Alleviate. 6, 106..Howell 3 11 In 2 H
(15*MGtbraltar. a. lU..Bullmn « 2 1 3 1 3 n
irv:4 Kxr^dient. 4. 10." Kelly 2 6 1 4 2 4 6
ISM Scallywag. 3, S2.Fntlroy 5 3 h 6 4 5 6
1S77 Prestldtator, 4. lui.Hoar 7 6 4 6 3 6 6
1533 Buffoon. 4, lOa.BaBSlnger 4 7 7 7
Time— •%. :12; V. :23'»; H. :4SH; Ti. J:2S. Good
Ftart. Woo cleverly. Second and third driv
ing. Winner, G. Bummers & Co.'s b. m. by
Torro-Bertie W. Torsina showed Improve
ment. Alleviate had speed to burn. Gibraltar
bumped by winner, aftrr which he eulked. Ex
p<-dient close! welL Scratched— St. Wood li/e.
Vassal ICTi. Oold Finder 105.
letting— Tcrsina. l*-5: Alleviate, 6; Gibraltar,
1; Expedient. 15; -Scailywar, 12; TrestidImita
tor, U'; The buffoon, 69.
2011. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlong«; sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward; purse. SG50.
ma
Index. Hort*. "Wt, Jockey. St. V Btr. Fin.
19C2 Maraschino, lC3.Donmcic 112 ... 1 14
1962 Waterscratch, lOO.Mathw 2 2 3 ... 2 10
1ST* Torso MFad. 100..Ran»ch « 6 1 ... 3 h
1ST* L«nto, 1W Howe 11 6 44 ... <>i
1511 Inna A, 103 KellylO «1 ...-6 4
1K06 Lady Carlo. 100. .Mounce 4 3 2 ... th
3SSO Hard NtRht. 1G5. Banner J Hi ... . l %
1«77 *?:». Abbie, 300.Fauntlrt>yll 10 ... 8 2
1S30 Flattered, 100 Hoar 9 7 1 ... * 1
1S62 Barklyite, 115 Umztt J 4 ... 19 1
1JT4 -VYmnaben. 100 W>ir 8 11 5 ... 11 15
R. Bonaer II. lOS.Oolden 3 12 ... tl
Time — S-1S. :1?%: 7-16. :42H. Good rtart. Won
I sally Second and third driving. Winner, J.
C Humphrey'* ch. c. by Imp. Golden Dawn-
Ch&iireuKe. Winner much the best. Water
scratch will Improve. Torso Maid wants strong
riding. Irma is fast. Scratched — Myriad
I>ancer 112. lear 106, Montoya Wi.
Betting— Maraschino, 6-3; Waterscratch. 20;
T^rso Maid €; Lento, .10; Irma A. 4; Lady
farlo. ;•): Hard N'leht. 100; Sister Abble. 20;
Klattered. 100; narkJyite, 30; Wlnnabell, 7;
lU/lnrrt Benner II, 00.
SO1O. THIRD RACE— Three and a half fur
longs; selling; znaidefea; two-year-olds; purse
2000. EDCOKD RACB-One mll« and fifty
j-ards; nelUnt;; four-year-olds and upward;
purse. Jii3.
Index. Hor»e. "Wt. Jocker. St. %i. Btr. Kin.
1704 T. Calvert. 6, 109. Mounce 2 S J 12 IS
ISS} Alarta. 6. l&T.Fauntleroy 111 3 S 24
:>;: S. Howard. 4, lCS...Bu'.l i Is S 2 ih
1M0 Tw. Twlnk. a, 107.. Kelly 1 4 h 6 H 4 3
2S5S Snip*. C, 110 Howwui 14 4 1 6!
JS37 None 6uch. «, llO.Dln^ly 4 7 1 « 3 6 19
m» Sprun*, 4. 106 Howell 6 2 1 7 6 7 10
1770 F. fi'Or. 4. 1CS.E. Uztii't 7 i I t S
Time— 68 rarfis. :C3H: M.. =28; H. :50tf; K. IMi
nl!e, 1:42'*: lm £0 yda, 1:4514.. Gopd start. "Won
easily. Eecoha and third driving-. Winner.
Gecrte H. Eecrest* br. g. fcy- Hindoo-Pure
Rye. Calvert finally ran to one cf hla mora
ine workout*. Baa Howard cult. Snips ran
poorly. Scratched — 'Willlani F 105.
Bettlac— Tom Calvert, 10; Alaxia, 2; Bam
Howard. 6-2; Twinkle Twink. 23; Snips, 11-&;
None Such, ffl; Epruns. 12; Fllle fl'Or, 60. •
three-year-c2dE; purse. J3S0.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. Jfc Etr. Fin.
1903 Homage. 117 Bullman 6 6 h 3 1 lh
1CS5 Irate. li'7 Mounce 4 7 2n 2»
Z»60 Oath. Bravo, IOT....V% elr 1 1 h 4 6 SO
19M Oar l<ucu lCT.-Uomnck 2 2 1 In 4 6
1953 Richard S. 3C9 Kelly 6 6 '-i 5 5 6 10
1&84 Vf$a.\cr.g J1S ..J. Alexdr 7 4h 6 6 «12
1433 KU. U:niy. 10T..Bassngr S SI J 7
Tii-if— "i, :r44: **. :<•'*: V i-I^H.. Good *tart.
Won first tHrr<» driving. . Wintrw. Bunt &
"Waterhoueo'o ch. f. l?y Take ¦ Kotlce-Hoolou.
Homaf* in trr rre*«nt form cannot beat lair
ones Other* a cheap lot.
Betting— HoTr.ape, 1-2; Irite, 1S-5; Catherine
Uravo. 100- Carrie Lucas. 20; lUchaid 6. SO;
i '^i— ': £. t0; Kitty Lundy, VS. S
OAKLAND RACETBACK — Monday,
March 4, lSOL-Wcather fine. Track
fast.
SOOS. FIRST RACE— Fix furlcnrs; Belling;
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
Dairy School for Kings County.
Myers succeeded in getting his bill ap
propriating $20,000 for a dairy school in
Kings County, to be conducted under the
direction of the University of California,
passed this afternoon. The bilK went
through by a vote of 53 to 18.
When the bill was taken up. Brown of
San Mateo moved that a committee of one
be appointed to amend by directing that
the school be established in Alameda or
San Mateo County, instead of Kings. The
fight was made along that line, the As
semblymen 1 who more directly represent'
the wishes of the regents and the faculty
of the University of' California support
ing the' amendment, since, the university
authorities have desired that if the schodl
be established it be located on property
already, owned by the university in Ala
meda or San Mateo county.
. Myers spoke at length In support of his
bill, contending for the establishment of
a school where practical dairy work
should be taught, rather than making the
training of experts its ideal. Ralston.
Brown of San Mateo and Anderson of So
lano spoke in behalf of the wishes of the
university authorities, but the majority
was against them.' and Brown's amend
ment was ¦ lost. After the roll call by
which the bill was passed, Anderson
changed his vote from aye to no and gavcr
notice of a motion to reconsider.. , .
Normal School Appropriations. '
¦ Two normal school 'appropriation bills
were passed by the Assembly this after
noon, practically without opposition. Sen
ate bill 260, appropriating $50,000 for the
completion and equipment of the building
now being constructed for the San. Diego
State Normal, was the first one passed.
On the Assembly third reading file Assem
bly bill 207, appropriating $25,000 for bulld
irgs at the Chlco State Normal School,
was passed tty a vote'of 60 to 0. The bill
WEST DEFEATED
IN BLOODY BATTLE
Tommy Ryan Givan the -De
cision, in Seventeenth
.Round,
LOUISVILLE, Kyv, March 4.— Tom my
RyanSf Syracuse" to-night was given the
decision : over ' Tommy West of . Brooklyn
after seventeen rounds of a twenty-*ouud
contest. "West's seconds'- threw* up the
sponge. - '
The fight took place at .the Auditorium,
under the : auspices of the Southern ; Ath-i
letic Club, and was the bloodiest arid moat
desperate ever seen in : Louisville. They
entered the - ring at catch « weights and
each weighed in the neighborhood of 157
pounds.*- , - * ' '¦'-' .
After the- tenth round West was assist
ei by Terry McGovern. In the first round
honors " were abouy even, though both
were right in for business. ; Botn landed
often and ¦• hard. West getting Un", several
hard Jolts on Ryan's neck. >, .
- In ¦ the' second ¦ Ryan was j knocked down
twice T and ; seemed > all but : out .when . tfio
gonj 'sounded.-', "At -the? first knockdowp
Kyan - took ' almost the " full count. The
want to get a primary law, but let us
try to set one that will . stand the test
of the courts."
The bill was allowed to go over at un
finished business. • .
• Sutro's constitutional amendment giving
the electors the right to cast a direct vote
at primaries for candidates for office in
stead of voting for delegates to conven
tions to choose those candidates was de
feated by a vote of 31 to 41.
Southern Californians Clash.
"With but three days more in which' lo
draw their per diem the lawmakers to
day got down to business and. gave a good
illustration of what can be accomplished
in the matter of twentieth century legis
lation. . .
In the Senate an obstruction to the dis
patch of business was encountered in the
¦form of Cald well's bill to appropriate $15,
000 for a girls' reformatory at Sari'Jacinto,
Riverside County. The "bill originally
called for an appropriation of $50,000, but
was amended in committee to $15,000.
•'Currier said the establishing of an in
stitution as proposed by the bill was a
necessity and would aermlt of the separa
tion of the sexes now at Whittler.
Simpson said the bill originated .in the
peculiar views of Mrs. Mitchell, a mem
ber of the board of trustees of the Whit
tler School, who is opposed to corporal
punishment for girls. Dr. Llndley wanted
to get .her off the board and this would
account for any favor he might give this
bill for a separate Institution.
Caldwell highly praised Mrs. Mitchell
for her efforts in behalf of the girls at
Whittier, and said she favored the pro
posed separation of the girls from the
boys in two different institutions. He
argued that there was need for the
change. $
The bill finally passed by a vote of 29
to 5,
Insurance Bill Passes.
The "valued policy" bill passed the Sen
ate after more than an hour's debate, in
which nearly every member of the Senate
took a hand. This Js the bill which pro
vides that property insured shall be paid
for at its total insured valuation and that
the insured shall pay the costs of the pre
liminary examination • necessary to de
termine the amount of insurance to be
carried. Incidentally the bill requires that
partial losses shall t>e paid . for on the
basis of the amount represented by the
total insurance.
Wolfe designated this as the most bra
zen piece of effrontery ever presented to
the Legislature. Ho considered it a pe
culiar circumstance, to say the least, that
a bill previously introduced and bearing
upon the same subject could not be found
upon the Senate files nor in the sergeant
at-arms' room/ where bills are to be had.
Laird offered an amendment which was
intended to throw the cost of examination
to determine values for a "fixed policy'-'
upon the insurance company writing the
risk, but this was voted down and the
bill finally passed.
The general appropriation bill made its
appearance in the Senate to-day and was
assigned the head of the file in the
Finance Committee.
The proposed transfer of Agricultural
Park on the part of the State •Agricul
tural Association to the State- must have
no strings on it, Leavitt^s amendment to
the committee substitute for Devlin's bill
being in such form as to make the deed
to the State' absolute. ' In Its amended
form there will be no opposition .to . the
passage of the bill, it is understood.
mainly dealing with the less essential
featureV of the bill. Many of them were
merely changes in verbiage. Anderson of
Solano, Sheridan and Melick each sent up
a long list of amendments and most of
them were adopted. An amendment by
Melick meking the ' law mandatory in all
the cities of more than 10,000 population
instead of 7500 was losfc Pasadena and
Vallejo would have been the only cltlea
affected by the amendment.
As it grew later and amendments wero
crowding in Johnson asked that tho bill
be allowed to go over. He said:
"There are features of this bill which
I believe make it unconstitutional. In my
opinion the test established by it is not
worth the paper it is written on. We
hope of speedy passage of the bill is vain.
Numerous amendments were offered,
ALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
7/ ¦ MENTO, March 4.— Assembly bill
(i . 793, the primary ¦ elections . bill
framed by the Election Commit
tee of the two houses, was under
consideration in the Assembly- to-night.
Little progress was made, the' principal
result being to make it clear • that the
Assembly Makes Little Progress in the Consideration of the
Measure: and It Is Made Clear "That the Hope That It
Would Be Given Speedy Passage Will Not Be Realized
ness In the State are exempted from pay
ment of the fees. /
Senate bill 118, to pay the claim of Major
Jose Ramon Pico, and Senate bill 407. re
lating • to county boards of. horticulture,
both by Taylor, were passed without op
position. ¦• '
ctlebb: boot turned down.
Assembly Declines to Place Appro-
priation in His Hands.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 4.— No bill during the ses
sion has been hit so hard as was Assem
bly bill S06, a measure drawn for Clerk
Roof of. the Supreme Court, in the As
sembly this morning. On. second reading
the enacting clause was stricken out-by a
unanimous, vote.
The bill, which was introduced by
Broughton by request, carried an appro
priation of $11,500 for the completion of
the furnishing of the office of the clerk of
the Supreme Court. All the ordinary
checks were removed bv the bill, leaving
the money at the absolute disposal of tho
clerk, with, no accounting to be given by
him of Its expenditure.
Butter's Fort Sill Passes!
CALL HEAPQUAETERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 4.— Greer'a Assembly bill
879, putting in modified form the appro
priation of $20,000 for the purchase of ad
ditional; land for the Sutfer's Fort
grounds, was made an urgency measuro
In the Assembly this mornlnc and. was
passed by a vote of 53 to 2. -The bill also
passed the Senate, and it Is now before
the Governor.
Special Diapatch to Th* Call.
was originally introduced by the late
Barnabas Collins of Butte.
The bill to ratify the lease of- China
Basin to the Santa Fe will come up for
third reading and passage in tine Senate
to-morrow. Rudolph Harold and Major
P. J. Harney of the Board of Harbor
Commissioners, James H. Budd, attorney
for the board, and Captain A. H. Payson,
vico president of the Valley Road, aro
here looking oiit fdr It.
A determined effort. will be made In the
Senate to amend the bill so as to throw
the lease open to competition And to raif-e
the amount of rental to be charged. The
supporters of the bill are confident no
atte'mpt to amend In the Senate 'will prove
successful, and they hope for the best
when It gets tfy^r to the Assembly.
The bill revising the Civil Code (Assem
bly bill No. 6S3) was passed by the Senate
to-day. This leaves only the Penal Code
bill to be considered, and that la now
under consideration by the Senate.*
- Hfenry's Assembly bill. No. 425/ providing
that eight hours on duty shall be the limit
of a day's service In all Police Depart
ments, except In cases. of emergency, was
also passed. This will materially affect
the Police Department of San Francisco. .
«
BILLS THAT HAVE PASSED.
List of Successful Measures in. Senate
and Assembly.
SACRAMENTO, "March 4.— The Senate
to-day passed the following Assembly
bills: ¦ •
By Henry— Paylngr the claim of. the American
Type Founder?'- Company against the State.
By Sutro (amended)— Protecting the meadow
lark. The amendment permits the killing of the
lark, except by poison, by any property owner
whose crops, . fruit or berries are belnB de
stroyed. ' •.'••••
By "Webber— Re-enacting the law against
smuggling: opiates into reformatory and penal
institutions. ¦ -\ "
By Haley— VaUdatlnar contract* " between per
sons, companies or corporations . furttlsnlns
water for irrigation,- and the consumer* of such
water. - . •
By Henry— Making elg>t hours a day's ser
vice for members of the police force of cities
of the first class (San Francisco). _.
The Senate passed the following Senate
bills: . |
By Curtin— Defining the manner of assessing
the value of franchises, to meet recent decisions'
of the SuDreme Court.
By Corlett— Appropriating $25,00* for the erec
tion of a modern hospital, building at the
Veterans' Home at. Yountvllle.
By Devlin— Roppropriatlng the balance of the
original appropriation of J50.000 for the con
struction of a Governor's mansion. The unex
pended, balance amounts to about $47,000.
The Assembly passed the foHowing bills
to-day:
By Collins of Butte— Providing for the erec
tion of new Buildings at the State Normal
School, Chlco. ;
By, Wright— Appropriating $25,000 for an ad
ditional cottage at Agnews Hospital. *
The Assembly passed the following Sen
ate bills:
By Cutter— Consolidating Yolo and Sacramento
counties Into one agricultural district.
By Nutt— Providing for the completion of
buildings now In course of construction for th?
San Dieeo ¦ Normal School.
By comtrilttee — Authorizing the organization
and equipment of- Independent and unattached
companies of the National Guard. ; .
By committee— Regulating the sale of commer
cial fertilizers.'
PLEADS FOR THE BIG TREES.
Father Kenna Makes an Appeal to
Senate Members.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 4.— To-night, after ad
journment, the Senators lingered in the
Senate chamber long enough to hear the
Rev. Father Kenna address them on be
half of .the bill to appropriate $250,000 to
purchase the Big Baein grove of big trees.
Father Kenna described the grove as
being a natural reservoir of water. The
trees were going fast, he said, and when
they were gone the springs, which were
fed from the water they held in storage,
would run dry and tha country would
wither for want of water. No one seemed
to realize, he said, the amount of water,
the trees held, and should they be de
stroyed th» country would in a year lose
more by drought than would pay for the
grove twice over. He described the rav
ages of the lumbermen, and commented
on the fact that of this native tree, found
only in. this State, California did not own
a single specimen. On behalf of the
Sempervirens Club, and on behalf of the
grove of giants, he asked the Senators to
vote for the bill. . •
DRINKS ARE ON KINCAID.
Assemblyman Sent on a Vaiiv. Quest
of "Colonel Mazuma,"
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 4.— A brief note signed
"Colonel Mazuma," saying the writer
would like to see Klncaid, to whom it
was addressed, in the office of the ser
geant-at-arms of the Senate, caused the
unsuspecting Jerry Simpson <vf the Assem
bly to make a trip the length of the cor
ridor to-day to see that august personage.
He was. told, that no "such individual was
hanging around, and when the joke
dawned on him and he was met by a
crowd of fellow Assemblymen in full' en
joyment of the fun, he said he'd be darned
if he couldn't lick the man' who wrote the
note. ¦ '
ONirS* ONE NEGATIVE VOTE.
Assembly Approves Investigation of
Water Resources. .
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 4.— Sonate bill 7, appro
priating $207,000 to be used in conjunction
with a like amount of Federal approDri
ation in the 'investisatlon of the water
resources- of the State and of the best
methods of preserving our. forests, was
passed by the • Assembly this .afternoon.
The' vote was 57 aves and 1 no.'Kincald
being the one Assemblyman who v6ted in
the negative.
Senate bill 560,. requiring foreign cor
porations to file certified copies of their
articles of- Incorporation with the Secre
tary of State and the clerk of the county
in which the» principal place of business
is situated, and to pay the same fees as
domestic corporations, was' passed by the
Assembly this afternoon. In its amended
form, foreign corporations now doing busl-
third and fourth rounds were West's- and
the fifth Ryan's. In the sixth West land
ed on Ryan's nose and there was more
blood. Ryan was the aggressor In. this
round, but West blocked and landed at
will, and but for the gong might have
finished his man. — . •
In the seventh Ryan's lip was split an-1
West's nose was br6ken, his right eye
closed, .his ' forehead laid open in two
•places and his cheek split. Blood poured
from his wounds as time after time Ryan
landed on the injured places. | He played
continuously for the broken nose and for
the next half-dozen rounds made a verit
able chopping, block of West. The pun
ishment West took was wonderful, blood
pouring from . nearly a dozen of his
wounds. West's ; corner looked, like a
slaughter house, and the fighters' attaches
actually had to I wipe the blood from . the
floor with a mop. So bloody indeed -was
the fight • that several persons near the
ring were nauseated and had to leave th?
hall.' Still during round nftert round West
came up only for pounding on the nose,
eye and cheek. In the seventeenth rouml
when It. was seen that "West was fighting
a hopeless fight, Terry McGovern threw
up. the sponge for West and the referee
gave the decision to Ryan.
Defaulting Bartender.
Richard Dowse, who has charge of ths
bar at the University Club, swore out a
warrant^ in Judge Mogan's court yester
day for the arrest of John Trenter on t!J*
charge of grand larceny. Trenter began
his employment at the club Sunday night
and was instructed to deposit the monfy
taken in at the bar in the cash drawer
and secrete the key under the doormat
when closing at night. He took: both the
monej', amounting- to $67. : and tho'key
wixh him, and every ccarch for him. has
boon fruitless- >':¦'¦'¦• '
and one favorite smelt the
perfume of a purse, 'and first money.
Fourteen books cut in and did what they
were pleased to call "a fair business.' It
was a hard day for the 'picking.
In the first race over seven furlongs
Fondo was made favorite over Cougar by
a small margin and the running .showed
that it should have been the reverse.
Cougar with Henry up kept well to the
front and at the far * turn took
the lead, winning easily O'Connor
on Fondo battling with Peterson on
Kingstelle, a 50 to 1 shot, for the place.
The second race over six furlongs was
won by Saintly. Burns up. A strong tip
floated round the ring that Amelia Fonso
was just about the proper thing and' the
price was quickly backed down from 5 to
1 to 2\<z to L It was Saintly all the way,
Pa'rmenion and Redwald getting the place
and fhow. Racetto with Henry on top
was favorite, but finished on the windy
Bide of the paper money. .
I^ady Bird, 10 to 1, " with Mead in the
paddle, sang her way under the wire In
advance of the pack of two-year-olds in
the third race. YrsQla and Loulette.
first and second choices, worked "well at
the outset, but Lady Bird finished in pun
l.=hlr.s style and took the first money.
Tommy burns mounted on Cayenne Pep
per was scorched to death, finishing last.
The fourth race went to the favorite
Kenilworth. Tommy Burns piloting the
winner. Sad Sam, Maggie .Davis and
Dangerous Maid, all slated for good odds
on the books, were accounted several
good things, but this race was run on
form. Gonfalon coming up from behind
and getting the place. Sad Sam burled
his face in his handkerchief and came
home in time for the show.
The talent shouted Wyoming in the<lapt
race over the mile route. Sotne said
"nay,, nay, the Handicapper," and still
others The Phoenician. For three
fourths of the distance it might have
been either the Handicapper or Wyoming,
but after that it was The Phoenician,
ridden to victory by Winnie O'Connor.
The Phoenician was good at 3 to 1.
The last race, one mile and seventy
yards, was hard picking and the third
choice out- of n. square field won. The
Singer, O'Connor up, and Artllla, Tommy
Burns at the wheel, received extensive
backirg. Rapido, 75 to 1, ran like a tor
rent—at first— then closed up like a snail.
Artilla and The Singer had a tussle from
the paddock, but then Murphy on Ack
took to the whip and passed under the
wire first. •. , . •
Results at New Orleans.
SEW ORLEANS, March 4. — 'Weather line;
track slow. Results:
One mile, selling— Jessie Jarboe won. King
Elkwood *econ<«, Maharajah third. Time. 1:41.
One roll*, .eelling— Beana woft. Sallle J sec
ond. Red Hlrate third. Time. 1:4314.
One mile and a sixteenth, eelllng— L«fter won.
Ford eicond. Hija third. Time, 1:51%.
Seven furlongs, handicap— Senator. Beverldge
¦won. Cluster second. Animosity third. Time,
J5i"x ruriongrs-^-Johnnle McCarthy won, .Clara
Davis second. Assessment third.* Time, 1:17»4.
Seven furlongs. Belling— Caniteblack won,
Cot-dale second. Held third. Time, l:3O</4.
Track Notes.
Dan Hamon certainly cannot be accused
of being cheap. When he began racing
Sly at Oakland some weeks ago he en
gaged Bullman to ride the mare in all of
her races. Under the agreement then
made the Jockey receives half of every
purse he wins.
Yellowtall was reported to. have worked
a mile on Sunday in 1:42% with 127 pounds
in the saddle.
AT TANFORAN TRACK
By Louis Honig.
THE favorites did not win at Tan
foran yesterday. Second choices
made themselves first in several
instances, a long-shot jogged in
By F. E. MULHOLLAND
TUB connoisseurs of the racing
game did not take kindly to the
ride of Master Owen Mounce on
Yellowtall in . the last event at
Oakland yesterday, nor did it suit
the judges, apparently. Of late the Idaho
boy has cultivated a fad of waiting al
together too long -with the horses he
rides, which the clever jockey should
eliminate from his work. The distance
was six furlongB, and Sly, with Bullman
up, reigned a 4 to 5 choice* For a spell
it was a two-horse affair, the favorite and
Frank Bell racing off In front, with Yel
lowtail under wraps six or eight lengths,
back. Bell tired in the stretch, while Yel
lowtail came with a great burst of speed,
finishing with his head lapped, over Sly's
Hanks at the wire. The time, 1:14, was
very fast, as the track is far from being
in lightning-fast condition. Mounce was
called Into the stand and questioned ' by
the officials, who announced that tliey
would lock further into :the matter to
day. It appears Mounce rode according
to "instructions, and as there was nothing
suspicious-looking about the betting the
toy. beyond cavil, merely made his movo
late, as he very often does. Yellowtall
is again in fine fettle, and will take some
beating fiom now on.
Superb weather continues drawing very
fair crowds to the track- across the bay,
and the eport Is above the average. Fa
vorites in the betting still maintain their
winning form,- four purses falling to
short-priced ones yesterday. Each day
Jcr<n Builman earns fresh laurels by his
splendid saddle work, his record again be- 1
Ing three winninc mounts.
Looked upon as a "moral" and exten-
Eively played at 1 to 2, Homage, from the
Burns & Waterhouse stable, was ridden
out to the last ounce to beat Irate in the
opening sprint. Two rank outsiders, Cath
erine Bravo and Carrie Lucas, headed the
favorite into the stretch. Then, under
Bullman's strong urging, she worked her
way to the front, scoring by a head.
Tom Calvert fooled all of the wise one»
by taking the mile and fifty-yard run, de
cided under selling conditions, at odds of
15 to 1. Mounce had the mount on the
old gelding, an-1 clearly outfooting Alaria
in the run home, won by five open lengths.
Snips ridden by Howson enjoyed first call
in the betting, but made a weak showing.
Sam Howard with Bullman up and a
widely circulated tip, finished third, out
run from the start.
Bookmaker Johnny Humphrey's chest
nut colt Maraschino ran circles around
the other baby racers in the two-year-old
dash. Held an 8 to 5 "favorite through
out, he won all the way, leading out the
20 to 1 .shot Waterscratch more than a
length! Ranscn finished a distant third
with Torso Maid. • '->•
Quite in keeping with his past reputa
tion, Gibraltar, the big black rogue, let
the talent down hard over his defeat in
the seven furlong purse run. An even
money chance, he bluffed along behind
Alleviate, which mare led to the paddock.
About this time Mounce came along on
Torsina and giving Gibraltar a slight
bump in passing, the black fellow
put back his ears and sulked. At
the wire, Torsina got the verdict from
Alleviate by half a length. The winner
was 4 to 1 In the betting.
Scotch Plaid ruled favorite for the mile
selling affair and was kept very busy in
returning with the coin. At the start, E.
Matthews, piloting the lightweight Dandy
Jim. went out with a catapult-like shoot
and nearly stole the race. Leading at one
Etage by nearly ten lengths, he backed
up the last sixteenth, losing out by a
neck. Herculean ran third.
AT OAKLAND TRACK
Lady Bird Surprises • a Field of T\vo- Year-Olds and Wins
at Odds of 10 to 1 at Tanforan Park— The Second and
Third Choices Reap a Harvest While Favorites Weep
MANY AMENDMENTS ARE TACKED
TO THE PRIMARY ELECTIONS BILL
MOUNCE ON YELLOWTAIL MAKES
A LATE MOVE AND SLY SCORES
¦"%¦"• .;¦:•-¦¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ : - - ¦¦ " • '¦ ¦ ¦
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 5, 1901.
7
Economical soap is one
that a touch of cleanses. 4
Pears' shaving soap is j
the. best in all the world.
All sorts of people use Pears* soap, all sorts
Of stores sell it, especially druggists.
I CARLOAD H
19O1 - I
a ClevelaMBicycles !
j| JUST RECEIVED. • II
N QUALITY RIGHT. . PRICE RIGHT. |
I $35, $40. Racer $50. 1
§ LEAVBTT & BILL, I
Q 309 Larkin St. g
M 20 Ean Pablo Ave.. Oakland. H
U 67 So. :d St.. San- Jose. F4
- KERN RIVER OIL LANDS I
Proven territory, on Un» of railroad, tor
Bale. Splendid ehanca for thos* about to
Iqrm an oil company. NEWTON. CAR-
MEN A SOMES (S. C. MASON, aceat).
101 Chronicle bids.. Ean Francisco.
. A2IT7SEHENTS.
f^ftl IIMOIA SAJI FRANCISCO'S
bULUMtSIA LEAOISQ THEAT2E
LAST E NIGHTS— MATINEE SAT.
¦ Only Appearances Hers of '
MR&
LESLIE GARTER
After H«r London Trlamph.
AsZAZA in
DAVID BELASCO'S PLAT
PRICES ...$2, 1 SO. %U 75c and 50c
NEXT MONDAY-
"THE HIGHWAYMAN.?' .
De Koven and Smith's arreat comic opera.
With LA.LOIE FULLER aa upeclal attraction.
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK.
' MATINEE SATURDAY.
LEWIS; MORRISON'S Magnificent Produc-
tion of
"FAUST."
Everything New— Company and Production Di-
rect from New York.
Ihe Marvelous "BROCKEN" Scene!
Flashes of Lightning!
. MAGIC RAIN OF FIRE.
Next— Sunday Eve, March 10, first time In
this city, the big popular New York Casino
success— 40 people— 40. -..;.
"THE TELEPHONE GIRL."
EVK- 2Se. lie. EOc. 75c. »L Mat— 25c 50c. 73c
SEATS READY THURSPAT.
THt SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
. ' TANFORAN PARK.
Continuous Raclnjr. Beginning Monday, Fcbr>
• ary 11. 1901.
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAT.
Six Stake Event*. Three Hurdle Races and Six
•&-./.,• • Steeplechasea. •
FIRST RACE OF THE DAT AT 1:10 P. 'M.
Trains leave Third and Townsend street! for
Tanforan Park at 7. 10:40, 11:30 a.' m.. U:40, t
1:30 and 3 p. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park
for San Francisco at 4:15 p. m., followed after
the 'last race at Intervals of a few minutes by
several specials. Seats In rear cars reserved for
ladies and. their eccorts. Admission to course.
including railroad fare.Xtt 23.
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWARD POWERS. Racine Secretary.
RACING I RACING! RACING I
1300-WINTER MEETIN'G-1901.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, ' Wednesday. Thur».
day, Friday and Saturday.- Rain or sains.
live or more race* each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. .
¦Ferry-boats leave Sen Francisco at 12 ra. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to ta»
track. Last two cars on train . reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
terry tickets to < Shell Mound.- All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue can at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric can
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leav# the track at 4:13 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. » .
FISCHER'S concert house. 1
Fiechtl's Tyrolean Troupe, .Egry. Birdie
Brightlir.ir. McSorley and Whitney, the Leons.
L. A. Cover and Hlnrichs' Orchestra, Reserved
Seats. 25c Matinee Sunday. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vy XltUe Pills.
- Tkeyakortlicve Distress &om Dyapepg&C
tacUgestton and Too Hearty Eating. A pesw
feet xenady fir Dinferas, Nausea, Dronrsl*
noa, Bad Taste ta fee Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain la the Side, TORPID LIVER. The?
Regulate the- Bowels. . Purely Vegetable. <
Smatt Pin* Small D6se»
i Sana!! Pgfce,'
D A I A P T These hotels pos-
r ALAul - sess the attrib « te »
. that tourists and
Pflfj travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location,
REAM!! Kbcral manage-.
UlrnllU ment, modern ap-
llfiTn A pointments and
HI tlN. perfect cuisine.
II U I L.L.U) Ameri can mnd Ea-
I Sail FrailClSCQ. ropean plans.
GRAND' OPERA MOUSE
MATCfEES SATTTRDAT AITD ffOTDAT.
THIS EVENING.
Uacntflcent Revival of the Famous Speeuel*.
AROUND THE WORLD
IN EIGHTY DAYS,
Introducing: the ELEPHANT PRINCESS.
Splendid Cast. Scenery and Ejects.
PRICES 10c. 15c. Sc. Mo
Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 73c
GOOD RESERVED SEAT
IN ORCHESTRA AT ALL MATINEES. Be
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
SEMBRIGH.
FIRST APPEARANCE IN SAN FRANCISCO.
SEMBRICH OPERA COMPANY,
Direction of C. I* GRAFF.
MOROSCO*9 GRANT> OPERA-HOtJSE.
COMMENCING MARCH I8TH.
Two weeks, with Dertormances on Monday
and Wednesday evenings and Saturday after-
noons.
Repertoire— "Barber of Seville." "Rlgoletto,
"Don Pasquale." "La Traviata." "Pagllacct."
"Faust." "Lucia," etc.
Subscription seat*— aix performances— no repe-
tition*— Orchestra »nd two front rows of dre»»
cirle. 125; balance of dress circle and back rows
of orchestra. $15; front rows of family circle.-
{10: single night seats. i">. S3. {2. 11.50; Rallery.
unreserved, $1- Season sale commences Wednes-
day next, at box office; single niRhtsale. March
13th. Applications for boxes should be made at
once to Mr. Alfred Bouvier. Grand Opera-heuse.
*T_liVjOLI*
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATUBDAT
AT 2.
"A BIGGER HIT THAN EVER."
WIZARD
% E JWILE!
WITH HARTMAN AND 'WHEEX«AN.
Coming-"THE_WEDDING DAY."
POPUIJUt PRICES Bo and B0«
Telephone— Bush 9.
A BILL OF ATTRACTIVE NOVELTIES. ;
papTnta.
WILSOV AND WARING. THE ORISKANT9.
KATHERINE BLOODGOOD. JOHN LB
HAT. BARD BROTHERS. DUMONXXS
MINSTRELS. THE BIOGRAPH.
LAST WEEK OF
ROBERT HILLURD AND CO.
•Reserved Eeata. 23c; Balcony. 10o: Oper»
Chairs and Box Seats. We.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
• v
— Phona South 63£—
TO-VIGHT and Every Evening This "Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Stupendous Production— The Great 'Melodrama
THE
BLACK. FLAG
The Greatest Convict Play Ever Written.
The Th^lllnK Escape from Partland Prison.
,i Bis Scenic Presentation.
. Startling Mechanical Effects.
DDirEC I- Evenings 10c. 15c. Xic. f>Oo
P8ltC3 I 1 Matinees ......1O«-. 15c. 25o
NEXT WEEK "CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE."
~. '¦ ~ ! '' _
S) ACh A m ILm Jrtk I *V t— , 7^ r
TO-NIGHT AND ENTIRE WEEK
> August in Daly's Connrdy.
Countess Gucki
A PLAT OF SCENIC AND COSTUME
SPLENDOR. *
• MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
NEXT WEEK
"THE LAST WORD."
mechanics; pavilion
...ro-D^y...
AND EVtRY DAY THIS WEEK.
Performances at 2:30 and 3 p. in. Dally.
NOt£RiS & KOVVE'S
BIG TRAINED ANIMAL, SHOWS.
"The more I s>«- of dog the less I think of
man."— Dr. Johnson.
. 300-PERFORMINO ANIMALS-MO.
The Greatest Agerrxatlon of Educated Animals
in the WorKl. .
Elephants. Zibraa. . Ooats. Sea Linns. Ponies.
Monkeys, Dogs. .Ant Eaters and Zebus.
First Time In This City of Mr. Winston and
i His Wonilerful School of EDUCATED SEALS.
the Men Marvelous Animal Act In the World.
JIEKH SETTLER, the Famous Qernua Animal
Trainer, and Ills Small" Clown, Elephant.
Seat sale opens at Pavllidq To-day at 19 a. ra.
PRICES— ADULTS. 25c; CHILDREN. Ho.
¦ Phone South TOXTO SAIL.
TUESDAY. MARCH 5.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
- Times and- : Heights of High and Low
Waters -at. Fort Point, entrance tr> San
FranclFco Ba-. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent ' •.
NOTE — The. high and low waters occur 'at
the city front (Mission-street whnrf) about'
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide 19 the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
BRISBANE— Arrived March 2— Stmr Aorangt,'
from Vancouver, for Sydne".
ANTWERP— Arrived March 4,-Stmr Noord
land, from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 4— Stmr Sax
onla. from Boston.-
GIBRALTAR— Passed March 4— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from- Naples, for Hamburg.,
OCEAN STEAMERS.
DOVER~-Pa*sed March 2— Br ship Kinross
shire, hence Kept- 1, for Hull: Ger bark gollde,
from- Port Blakeley. for Lelth.
LONDON— Arrived March 2-Br ship Finjal,
hence Se?t 8.
NAPLES— Arrived Feb 7— Aus stmr Slam,
hence Dec 12. "
HONGKONG— Sailed March 4— Jap stmr
Hongkong Maru, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY-Arrlved March 4— Ship Bt Nicho
las, from Port Hadlock.
MANILA— Sailed Feb 24— Br stmr St Bede.
for -Portland. *
PISCO— Arrived March S— Schr' Annie M
Campbell, from Whatcom.
TOCOPILLA-Salled March 3-Schr Ruth 'E
Godfrey, for Tort Townsond.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 2— Russ ship
City of Bertares. hence Sept 28; Br ship Glan
Mackenzie, from Vancouver.
FOREIGN PORTS,
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed March f 4— Schr
Honolulu, for Lahalna.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 66 hours from Willapa
Harbor.
Stmr Curacao, Parsons, 12 days from Guay
rnas, etc.
Stmr Peru, 'Pillsbury, 23 days from. Pana
ma, etc.
Stmr Scotia. Walvlg, 27 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson. 41 hours from San
Pedro, via San Diego 51 hours. ".
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, 59 .hours from Tilla
mook Baj-.
_Br stmr Colombia, Judkins, 40 days .from
Valparaiso, via Panama 21 days, via Mazatlan
5 days. '
Bark -Ferris . S Thompson. Murk, . 10 days
from Astoria.
Schr Gem. Nelson, 9 days from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Monday, March 4.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, San Pedro": Good
all. Perkins & C<..
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall. Per
klrs & Co,
Br stmr Carlisle City. Patterson, Hongkong,
X-la San Dlesro: Cal & Oriental SS Co.. ¦ • •
? Br ship Montgomeryshire, Edwards, Queens
town; Eppinger & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, March 4.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Alcazar, Gundereon, Cleone.
Stmr Greenwood, Fauerlund, Greenwood.
Stmr South Coast. Ols<en, Eureka. .
DISASTER.
S?hr Fred Gower. from Pensaeola, for Pay
pander, foundered at sea. Crew saved said
landed at Bermuda.-
TELEGRAPHIC. •
POINT LOBOS, March 4. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind KW, velocity 6 miles. •
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BANDON-Salled March 3-Stmr Arjto, for
San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaUM March 4-Schr
Newark, for. San Francisco.
GRAYS -HARBOR— Sailed March 4— Schrs
Jennie Thelln, I*a Glronde, Chas It Wilson and
James A Garfleld, for San Francisco; schrs
Vejra and C A Thayer, for San Pedro; echr
Dauntless, for Guaymas.
ASTORIA— Sailed March 4— Stmr George W
•Klder, for Ban Francisco; Br ship County of
Dumfries, for Queenstown. . i
EUREKA •* Arrived March 2-Stmr Nome
City, . hence March 1; stmr Eureka, ¦ heno-r
March 2. . • . *
Sailed March 2 — Stmr Samoa, * for San Fran
cisco; stmr Scotia, for San Francisco.
Arrived March 4— Stmr Alliance, from As
toria; stmr Westport, hence March 1; .stmrs
Lakme and Santa Barbara, hence March 3.
Sailed March 4— Stmrs Chas Nelson. Eureka
and San Pedro, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived March 4 — Schr
Alice Cooke, from Port' Townsend.
PORT HADLOCK-Arrived March 4-Stmr
Robert Dollar, from Seattle. .
Arrived March 4— Bktn Willie R Hume, from
Port Towns'nd.
PORT TOWNSEXD— Arrived. March 4— Stmr
Olymyla, from China.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 3-St.mr Robert
Dollar, hence Fob 27. March 4— Stmr Dolphin,
from Dyea; Br stmr Port Albert, from Ta
onma.
Sailed March 2— Stmr Rainier, for What- ¦
com. March 3— Stmr Czarina, for'. Tacoma;
gtmr Robert Dollar, for Port Hadlock.
EVERETT-Arrived March 4-Bark Oakland,
from Hllo HI. days).
COOS BAY— Arrived March 3— Stmr Arcata,
hence Feb 28.
VENTURA— Arrived March 4— Barge •Santa
Paula, hence March 2, In tow of tug Rescue.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived -March 4-Schr fitim
son.- from Ballard; schr Lucy,' from Umpqua.
NEAH BAY— Passed out March -4— Ship W H
Mttcy and bark Undaunted, for San Francisco;
bark Vtdette, for San Pedro.
CRESCENT CITY — Sailed March 4-Stmr
Crescent,' for San Francisco.
UMPQUA— Sailed March % 3— Schr Sadie, for
San Pedro: echr Beulah. for San Franclgco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Satled March -4— Bktn
Wrestler, for Nonmea. /
GREENWOOD — Sailed • March, 4 — Btmr
Whitesboro, for San Francisco.
•NOTE— In the. above exposition of the tides
the early mornlhs tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
oay in the order of occurrence as to time of
c»y, the third time column gives the last tide
or the day. except when there are but three
t:des. as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on jhe United
States Coast Survey charts. exeeJn when a
minus.*— ) sl*n precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
g.ven by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the -lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
j BARK HARRY MORSE, WHICH CANNOT SECURE A CARGO BECAUSE
THE CAPTAIN WANTS TO HANDLE IT WITH HIS OWN MEN AND
' THE LONGSHOREMEN OBJECT.
Sun rises ' .'.. ........6-3?
Sun sets ;-. ..Z...6-07
Moon rifea <fuU) .:.... .6:42 ' p in
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday. March | 4.
Stmr JcanJe, Mason, £2 hours from Astoria.
GUARDIANS FII,E ACCOUNT— The sixth
annual account of Henry T. Scott and. Charles
K. Green, as guardians of the estates of Jen
nie Adeline Crocker and Charles Tempieton
Crocker, children of the late Charles F
Crocker, was Hied yesterday. During the p*eriod
covered by the account, from September 1, 1900
to date, the receipts amounted to $799,69G 11 and
the expenditures to $523,463 86.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Agnes Martin from Joseph S. Mar
tin for failure to" provide, Annie Herring
ton from Albert Herrlngton for deser
tion and Olive A. Clark from George A.
•Clark for willful neglect. Suits for di
vorce were filed yesterday by Agnes Kent
agairist George Kf.nt for cruelty, Nellie L.
Gray against George T. Gray for deser
tion, Mary F. Graham against Arthur W.
•Gcaham for desertion, Oscar- H. Skldmore
against Mary E. Skidmore for desertion.
Grace I. Hagarty againnt John G. Hagar
ty for intemperance, Francis L. Knierln
against Charjes Knierin for desertion, Lil
lian May MoKinnon against Archibald D.
McKlnnon for cruelty and. Minnie Raa;>
against AlfC. Raap.for extreme cruelty.
In'thQ Divorce Court.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N' Mer
chants/ 1 Exchange, San Francisco. CaL ,
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o"clock p. m., Greenwich time.
' GO. CALKIN'S. /
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge
Time^all.
Resolutions Denouncing Policy .of
the Late Queen- Victoria Adopted
• at Metropolitan Hall.
The one hundred and twenty-third an
niversary of the birth of Robert. Emmet
was celebrated at Metropolitan Hall last
night by a musical and literary enter
tainment. An oration was delivered by
the Rev. Father William Gleeson of St.
Anthony's Church, East Oakland. -
"We meet to-night," said Father Glee
son, "to commemorate the memory "of
that great Irish patriot, Robert Emmet,
who forfeited his life in behalf of Irish
Independence. His memory is as"- revered
to-day as it was in the past. Did he not
give to. the cause all that any man co.uld
give? He gave his time, his talent and
his life. What more could any man give?
He 'was 'a patriot. It is the same spirit
of patriotism that is nerving the arms of
the Boer» and compelling England to
pcour her colonies- to get men to put down
20,000 liberty loving people. It is sad to
say however, that our kith and kin are
under the flag of England fighting against
these Boer patriots. England has ruled
most unjustly. She has sent thousands
of her fellow countrymen into slavery and
bondage.
"I believe that England has lost all
right to govern in Ireland. I hope to see
the day when every Irishman will refuse
to Join the English army, and when the
time comes 1 hope- to see eighteen million
Irishmen Join with any power that will
assist them in striking for liberty."
The following resolutions were then In
troduced and unanimously adopted:
¦\Yherea*. The relKn of the late Queen Victoria
was marked by the most cruel outrages against
human liberty and human civilization, weaker
nations being robbed of their freedom and Inde
pendence, butchered and oppressed on a. scale
unparalleled In hfstory. million* of "subjects be
ing allowed to starve and rot like beasts In the
JunBles of India; and whereas, that reljrn was
marked esp«:ally in Ireland by ruthless perse
cution.' by the denial of the fundamental rlKhts
of man, by tne wholesale eviction <}f an hoii'.nt
.peasantry by >n alien and corrupt landlordism
backed up !>y the might of the soldiery of the
Queen, by the olflrlal and uninterrupted roblxny
In over-taxation, by the enforced emigration of
the people of Ireland, by the hounding to the
prison and the scaffold of the nobleiti and.mu't
girted son* of Erin 'who dared like Emmet
aspire after freedom. 1,230.000 dying: during the
reign of starvation, 4,500,000 being forced to flee
to a foreign land, forty coercion acts belntr pass
ed, all bearlns'the signature of the Queen, thus
marking her reign as the darkest and most
tyrannical in English history, unworthy of the
admiration of any free people; and whereas,
tho official expressions of sympathy and condo
lence ¦which marked the death of Victoria were
i tribute not to Victoria the woman, but t:>
Victoria the Queen and representative or rhat
¦Government: be it .., .
Itesolved, That as lovers of liberty and haters
of tyranny and oppression, and. in sympathy
with every peonle rightly struggling 'to be free,
we condemn those otQcfal expressions of flunky-
Ism In tree American cifles. That especially do
we condemn the action of those officials in San
Francisco responsible for the half-masting of
lh« American flasr on our public buildings and
public schools.- to the disgust of the majority
of our citizens. That we commend the action
ot Mayor Van Wyek of New York, who cSaretl
face the torrent of Anglomania abuse and who
had no sympathy to waste on an empire which
In Inimical to free republican institutions. That
our sympathy goes out to the noble IJoVr
women who have suffered and" fought side by
side with their hutfbands, as the wpmen of his
toric LimericK, and who have been made home,
less, childless and husbandless by the soldiery
of Victoria and son.
.The other numbers on tho programme
ware a soprano solo by Miss Etta M.
Welsh; bass solo, George V. Wood; tenor
solo, Tom Greene; duet. Misses Kathleen
Turner and Kathleen Robinson; Gaelic
song, Jeremiah Deasy; reading of Em
met's speech, Thomas W. Hlckey. " ..",-•" r
BIBTHDAY OF EMMET IS
PBOPEHLY COMMEMORATED
. Columbia.
Interest In- Mrs. Carter's "Zaza" Is
still unabated. She has entered upon her
last week, and l heater-goers still throng
the TowcM-street theater. :
The Hawaiian QuarM is the headline
attraction 1 at the OlvmpU this week and
ma^.e a hit last night. Clinton Montgom
ery's war pictures were enthusiastically
received, and the rest of the bill is good. "
Tivoli.
Th<» third week of "The Wizard of the
Nile" at the Tivoli phows no decrease In
the attendance at this popular showhouse.
Hnrtman and Whelan are still lauphter
provcklnjr, and the topical songs of the
only Teddy make a great hit. .
Chutes. '
The Kolc*»y Sisters are the headliners
and scored a b:g hit with their graceful
dancing and clever s:iiging of coon song*
at the Chutes. Jack Symond*. who styles
himself a cor.versati-j'iist, proved him
self a clever cntprtafrcr, singing several
«v*>w parodies on i>opu!.T sonps. The John
stons appeared in a laughable black-fac*
act. Other good numbers i.re -Logan and
Jonts. colored comedians: Sam Holds
worth, in Illustrated rongs; little Irene
Kober. the wonderful child contortionist
and .now xnovine pictures. '
California.
L^wis Morrison's production of "Faus.t"
was apain presented at the California
Theater last nfirht to a slim hou«=«>. Krroll
Dunbar. as Mephisto i3 excellent, and
Miss Genevk-ve Kane Is an attractive
MarpucritP. Frank Fanning, a San Fran
cIk-o boy. who was b:lic-d for the part of
Kau«t. Is? wrionsly ill !n a hocpital tn Lc>3
j*r.ge!rs. an3. Charles Saxon has taken h's
place. He does well considering: the fact
that he had rc assume the part at short
potiee.
Fischer's Concert House.
• F1prh*r'p Concprt House' has an unu
f-ually strong bill this -week, including
Paul Egry, the Hungarian violinist, who
played Sarapate's "Gypsy Dance" and the
"Rondo <'appriccioso" in a 6plendid way
last r.ight; Fiochtl's Tyrolean troupe: Bir
die Brlghtling. bafi joist: McSorley and
Whitney, an amusing team who work on
the nine order as the Rays: L. A. Cover,
tonor, and the Loons, aerial artfats, who
present a -pretty and daring performance.
JJinrichs* orchestra played the latest and
mo.it popular music, and the house was
packed. • •
Princ.pps. the big elephant from the
Chutes. Is the loading lady in act three of
"Around the World in Eighty Days,"
which is being produced at the Grand
Opera-house. Princess has nothing to say,
but acts her part well and unostenta
tiously and does not exhibit any home
s-icknrss at the sight of the Brahmin
priest and the gorgeously costumed Hin
doos. The play in In eight acts, well
btag^d. and each act represents a differ
ent scene in a different part of the world.
Howard Hall is the Phileas Fogp and T.
J. McGrane the Passepartout. Mr. .Mc-
Grane captivated the audience with his
acting, but his dialect was far from per
fect. Nina Morris and Virginia Calhoun
ere the Aouda and Ayeesha, respectively 1 ,
and they are an interesting pair. There
is variety enough in the play to satisfy
the most exacting.
The" Animal Show.
The Norris & Row* big trained animal
fhows packed the Mechanics* Pavilion
from cellar to ceiling- twice again yeste-r
<day. and at both performances younp-
Fters and oldster? were completely car
ried »way with the work of the four
1"ggod actors. There are so many good
things in the show that it Is hard to single
iut one better than the other. The trained
fpa lions, dogs, ponies and monkeys are
the best of their kind ever Been In the
city, while. Alexis, the tamed zebra, ajid
Parjro. the performing- elephant, do won
d^rs in their ways. The street parades
given every day attract great attention.
Grand Opera-Housz.-
Th»> varied bill presented at the Or
pheum last e\'ening was pleasing to the
usual crowded house. Judging by the ap
p'.ause. the hit of the entertainment was
maflf 1 by the French T.usicians, "the Du
mor.dp." who are certainly without riva's
in their lino. Robert Hilliard, the well
known actor, appeared 5n a one-act sketcn
entitled. "The Little Girl." fcunnorted by
bis own company. It tells a story of a
hard-hrnrtod man who neglect? the chil.l
of his divorced wife, i>ut who is brought
to care for the little oi.e by a society man
whose heart ia in the rfeht place. Mr.
HMiiard and his companv should drav
good houses as long cs they appear in
th<» city. Katherine Bioodgood, the con •
tralto. sings with artistic style, and P-i
pima. the dancer, pleases as of old. Part
of th« act of Wilson and Waring might
he cut out: it is far "too coarse to please.
Tho Brothers Bard are daring- and clever
acrobat!-, and the new views of the bic
graph are veil worth etelng. ;
Orpheum.
A larjre house, appreciative to the echo,
greeted the revival jf "The Black Elag"
at the Central Theater last nlsrht. .The
dear old melodrama. v\ith its delicious In
consistencies, ubiquitous thunderstorms,
hairbreadth escapes, tree blue heroes and
villains galore, kept {he audience on the
thrill and in high trood humor for the
whole evening 1 . .
The drama is well cist and played, and
almost all the t'entral favorites are seen.
Jatnes M. Ward is excellently heard as
Owen Glyndon. the ctern parent— about
the only serious role .;» the play. Clifforl
Dempsey plays the IS-karat, fast-color.
Immaculate hero. Harry Glyndon, to ad
miration, ard Stanley Ross is a good
natured, unconvincing, gingerbread sort of
villain. 'Frank Curtis, as Sim Lazarus, a
cheerful Hebrew vulr-irian. does a clever
hit of character work, as does also Her
randez a? Jim Seatoa.
Xaomi B'.andford if well undertaken by
Ixirena Atwood. Margaret Marshall gives
a finished little sketch of Mrs. Glyndon
and Kay Courtney does the orohan boy
Ned in sufficiently large-eyed, pathetic
fashion. I-iule Miss WaJdrop does a cuto.
fl-jaint little widow in fetching- fashion.
The petting Is good, the quarry seen?
more particularly, and the storm at sea is
very cleverly managed.
Central.
When "The Countess Gucki" appeared
in London Mr. Archer -wrote a memorable
criticism upon it." What he said was just
»n«i true then: It is no less true and just
now. 1 cannot say it any better than he
did. so 1 shall content myself with follow
ing his lead and, fo far as I can remem
ber them, his words.
Of All of Daly's adaptations from the
German this is probably the emptiest on
record. It has no plot, no characteriza
tion, no wit and but the merest shreds of
humcr. Jt was arranged to pive Miss
Rehan a chance to show off her airs and
jrra.ces. and the author lias evidently con
sidered that Fhe needed no assistance from
him, for "The Countess Gucki" is a mere
doil. and not a coherent doll at that- We
are expected to get up an interest in the
loves of two phantasms who never saw
rach -other until yesterday and who., so
far as the play shows, would not grieve
o'ermuoh if they never saw each -other
after to-morrow. The first half .of the
j^.rFt act is tediously explanatory, and
there is no reason why the curtain should
rife after the second act. the third act
being a mere incoherent farrag-o of half
comic, half-sentimental "business."
Miss Convere is a charming actress, and
made me wish the could he given some
thing better to do than dress up the Daly
dolls; such parrs must be maddening to
Ftape people of intelligence. Mr. Kilgour
mao> it lw-tter Von Keuboff than did Char
lie Richmann— and this is not paying him
any extra/vagrant compliment. The sup»
port was fairly good — certainly not foi:r
times as poor as Mrs. Carter's at. four
tim^s the price. The waits between the
acts were inexcusably tedious.
L. DU PONT SYLE.
Good Actors and Actrtsses
Struggle With Poor
Material.
The '-Black Flag" Makes a Decided
. Hit at the Central— Good Bill
at the Orpheum— Other
Houses.
The American bark Challenger cleared yes
terday for Sydney wllti.1116 bdls laths, '962,382
ft lumber, 102,634 ft doorfltock, 60' c§ gun
powder; value, $24,641.
Wheat Shipment.
The British chip Montgomeryshire cleared
yesterday for Queenslov.n for orders' with 47,191
.ctls wheat valued at $47,200 and 14,000 ft lum
ber as dunnage valued at $210. • -
The following vessels have been chartered,
prior to arrival, to load wheat at Portland for
Europe: The Comllebank, 41s 3d; the Dins
dale. 41*; the Forrest Hall. Swanhilda and
H«lga. 4"8.. The Echo loads lumber at Willapa
Harbor for Melbourn*. 60s. prior to arrival;
the \V. R. Hume, lumber on Puget Bound for
Callao, 64s. prior lo arrival: the Scottish
Glenr, v heat at Tacoina for Europe, 40a 6d_
prior to arrival.
A Cargo for Australia.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
Steamships From South. America.
The Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany's Columbia arrived on her maiden
voyage to San Francisco yesterday. She
is a sister ship to the Guatemala, which
was here last month. She brings a valu
able cargo and the following named pas
sengers: Dr.' V. d'Ercole, from Valpar
aiso; M. B. Granadino and Miss Gra'na
dino, from Callao; T. G. Nicholson, Fred
Alcock and A. Whiteslde, from Punta
Arenas, and S. Burnside, W. Abramuon.
W. H. Pearse and G. C. Richards, from
Central American ports.
The Pacllic Mall Company's Peru ar
rived from Panama and way ports with
a valuable cargo, JS2.5S2 In treasure and
the following named passengers:
Ilobert Martin, William Martin. A. B. Hub
hard. Wlnfield Robbing H. J. B. Wright.
Robert Mordaur.t. R. 6. Wagner and wife,
Grant Sherherd and Jciqulna A. Saucedo.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company'3
Curacao arrived from Mexican ports yes
terday." She brought up a very valuable
cargo. Among it was gold and silver bul
lion valued at $126,021 and 3712 bags of con
centrates, bejides 2458 Kkins. Some of the
latter are valued at $1000 each. so. all in
all, the cargo is the most valuable that
-has come here this year. The following
named cabin passengers came up on the
Curacao:
Mr*. Ros* Hupu*s, J. D. Farrell, Thomas
Jefferson. C. Foster, A. H. Heuser and wife,
Kate Davis. R. D. Uurns. W. A. Diinton,
Alice Henry. Teresa t\v Snook, Andres San
• doval," Marie Lemaire, Carlos Lyna, Mrs. Rosa
de Gomez and Albert Corona.
J. D. Farrell Is the president of the Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company, and he la
returning from a tour of the Mexican
coa 6t ports, where he' has been looking
over the situation.
Mail Steamer Sierra I>ela/ed.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Sierra 'viill not get away for Australasia
until Thursday. March 7, at 2 p. m. The
delay is caused by the late arrival of the
British-Australian mail at New York.
¦ i' ¦ cr a ¦
Water Frpnt Notes.
It was stated 5n this paper last week
that the schooner \V. J. Patterson was
navigated to San Francisco by the cap
tain's wife, the captain • himself being
dangerously ill. Chief .. Officer Harold
Tvedt takes exception to -this statement.
He pays he brought the - vessel to San
Francisco, and, as he can prove that he
has been mate of a 5000-ton steamer and
holds a master's certificate, he thinks he
ought to know something about naviga
tion. "'The long voyage of the Paterson
v.as due to the fact that when I was off
watch the captain's wife would make the
second mate take In the topsails and
stand oft* shore," said Tvedt yesterday.
"When 1 came on deck I would have to
get sail made and stand inshore again.
•That's all the navigating the captain's
wife did."
A -cofferdam will be built arouna the
South Portland from her bow to the for
ward part of the after deck house. To
morrow afternoon another attempt will
be made to pump out the sunken steam
ship. ' -•;.!
The bark Oakland made a very'qulck
run of eleven days from Hllo to' Everett •
Wash. This beats the ten days of the
Santiago from bar to bar.
William P. Johnson, a laboring man,
made his way Into the lodging house af
| 100 Steuart street yesterday and burglar
i ized the room of Captain Ma^uire. A'l
! the master .mariner's underclothing. ,hts
| Sunday suit and hi? rubber sea boots were
j made into a parcel and the thief was quiet
'•ly going down the stairs when he was seen
! by Mrs. Nyberg. the landlady, and Mrs. J.
i O" Kelly. The two women Hew down the
j stairs "after Johnson and caught him on
i the sidewalk. They knocked him down.
: took the bundle from him and belabored
: him with the rubber boots until the police
arrived. Every time Johnson moved on:
or the other of the heavy boots cam *
down upon his head and he was bad'y
battered by the tfme Officers Hightowei
and McGowan appeared on the scene. At
the Harbor police station the prisoner
was charged with burglary. Mrs. Nyberg
! says she saw the prisoner in the room but
! ihoughjt it was Captain Maguire. A few
I minutes later she saw the captain on the
back porch and got back to the room in
! time to sec Johnson disappearing down
I the stairs.
3oarding-House Landlady Holds Him
Until Police Arrive.
BOLD BITRGLAB, CAUGHT.
salmon packet, Harry Morsv*.
I was tied up at Howard-street
1 1 -wharf yesterday, owing to a strilio
Jt among the longshoremen- It has
¦ been the custom for years for
cargo to be handled on the Ehlp by- the
•crew, but everything on the wharf was
handled by the longshoremen. On a'l
the big lines the longshoremen hand! 3
the cargo both on the vessel and on the
wharf at a uniform rate of 40 cents an
hour.
December last the Alaska Fishermen's
Packing Company chartered the Harry
Morse, but did not take over the' bark
until the 1st inst. Captain Phillips was.
the only man left aboard last week, at!
the eonfpany decided to send Its own crew
from Astoria. Fifteen men. Including a
chief officer, a cook and a steward, ar
rived "Sunday and went aboard the vessel.
With then came a letter of instruction,
telling Captain Phillips that the men were
to load the vessel^ for which they wtre
to get 33 cents an hour and their meals.
Once the vessel was loaded the men were
to be paid $30 for the run to Astoria, no
matter whether the voyage took a week
or.i month.
When ihe crew of the Morse attempted
to handle the cargo on the wharf yester
day the longshoremen objected because
pome of the crew were non-union men,
and appealed to the Teamsters' Union.
The latter, as a body, -refused to hand'o
ihe Morse's freight, so the wprk. of load
ing the vessel came to a standstill. The
schooner Josephine was alongside with a
cargo of salt, but her crew, being union
men, refused to handle the cargo.
Captain Phillips wired the state of af
fairs to Astoria and received this reply:
Sellers of goods agreed to deliver alongside
ship. If they cannot fulfill their contract sail
at once for Columbia liiver. 'We will pur
che = ? goods here.
"I had to follow my instructions." said
Captain Phillips yesterday. "The extra
5 cents I would willingly have paid, bur
when the longshoremen questioned my .
sailors they found that some of them werv
not union men and refused to work w;Ji
them. That was the last straw. The po
lice have kept everybody off the wharf
and there has been no trouble. Had tho
freight come down we could have loaded
it without any bother." The longshore
men stopped the teamsters at the head of
the wharf, however, and they took the.
merchandise back to the stores."
The Morse has 2$9 tons of ballast in an!
will sail without her cargo this morning. ,
Former Refuse to Help Non-Union Crew From Astoria to
Load the Bark Harry Morse and Captain Is Ordered by
Charterers to Sail Without the Intended Cargo
Chicago Man of Wide Experienco
Gives Some Timely Hints on
the Science of Getting
Trade. - ¦
» ii
John Lee Mahin, president of the Mahin
branches In New York and St. Louis,.ar
rived in town yesterday, and is registered
at the Palace.
ThisJs Mr. Mahin:^. first visit to the
coast, and he is out here to induce the
larger producers and manufacturers of
California to exploit their goods in tlie
East.' Mr. Mahin is- an advertising expert
and he attends to "the placing; of the ad
vertisements of -a number of well-known
branded products, Including Quaker Oais,
White ftock Mineral Water and the Min
neapolis Flour,
He claims and has substantial argu
ments to prove his assertions that dis
tinctively California products are not ade
quately advertised in the Eact. that they
are thrown on the market and sold for
what they can fetch. With judicious ad
vertising in the Eastern papers, he claims
that a healthy demand would be made for
the goods and that thev would, with this
created demand, sell ;it a higher price.
' "Quaker Oats." he said, "is put up in
attractive packages. It has created a d3
mand, and it dees not matter whether
oats are up or down— they are always sold
at 10 -cents a package, which Ieave3 a
good margin for the manufacturer.
"If a California ' producer of dried
prunes put them up in un attractive pack
age and advertised them he would put
a standard grade of goods on the market,
that would sell for a higher price. Sup
posing the advertiser was* to tell the East
ern women through the papers how the
prunes could be cooked, or was to publish
dainty ' recipes, It' would appeal to. a
woman and she would b"uy them.
"The success of all manufacturers !s
by creating a demand for their goods; if
you" do not draw people"s attention to a
certain matter it will pass unnoticed. Ip
the Kast I see a lot of canned fruits from
California, but for the life of me I can
not tell you any-distinct brand. With a
manufacturer advertising his canned
goods, telling their distinct superiority,
they will sell at the rate of two to one U>
the brand that is not advertised."
Exp§rt Mahin Tells Why Cal
ifornia Producers Should
Exploit Goods.
POINTS ON VALUE
OF ADVERTISING
"COUNTESS GUCKI"
HAS LITTLE MERIT
LONGSHOREMEN AIDED IN LABOR
FIGHT BY THE UNION TEAMSTERS
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL, . TUESDAY^ -MARCH 5, 1901
8
a lime Time , Time Time ,
£ I- — I Ft. — — Ft. Ft. i Ft.
6 ... 5:23 l.« U:4J 6.2 6:40 0.7 ......i
H W -!L W . . H W ' L W "
6 .... 0:20 ft.S 6:W 1.4 12:2.1 B.O 6:15 l.l
7... 0:60 5.2 6:42 1.4 1:07 4.7 r : !
8... 1:17 : 5.2 7:20 1.1 iis2 U.6 ¦ 7 11 : l.l
»..'.. I. 1:42 5.2 8:09 1.0 '2:41 4.2 7:43 'is
11 ...
2:061
2M3|
S.ll
6.0|.
8:47 •
. 9:40
• 1.01
O.9|
3:3S|
4:45|
4.6
3.9
8:221
9:11
2.8
2.9
Steamer, i
From.
I Due.
Acme ITlllamook Bay Mar 5
Argo : ICoqullle River. Mar' 5
Wellington Oy B ter Harbor Mar' 5
Nome City Humboldt Mar- 5
Fulton ••••• Orays Harbor Mar! ' 5
San Pedro Humboldt .....Mar. 5
Alliance [Portland ft Coos Bay.. Mar 5
Xorth Fork Humboldt Mar 5
Eureka Humboldt . Mar 5
£ W. Elder.... Portland and. Astoria.. Mar. 6
C. D. Lane Panama Mar 6
Corona Newport Mar. 6
Chlco. ...... ...:. Tlllamook Bay Mar. 6
Mackinuw Seattle M«r fi
Arcata Coo» Bay Mar! 6
Ne.wburg Grays Harbor IMar 7
Point Arena.... Point Arena. Mar 7
Santa Rosa San Diego ..." Mar! 7
Mattewan Tacoraa Mar. 7
'Pomona.*. Humboldt .» .". Mar' 7
America Maru. China and Japan/.....! Mar! 8
State©/ Cal.... I'nget Sound Ports..... Mar 8
Czarina.......... Seattle" ft Tacoma Mar. 9
8 ue f n K». f-an'Dlego Mar 10
»« l »", -\ Newport H Mu! 10
V ewport Panama & Way Ports. Mar. 1U
Australia Tahiti f....... Mar 10
Columbia....... Portland A Astoria.... Mar! U
Crescent City.. Crencent City Mar. 11
Btearaer.
Destination.
ISalls.l Pier.
March ' 5. '
&*?," '•• Coquille River 4 pm Pier 2
Donlta Newport 9 am Pier li
Mnrch O. |
Santa Ana — Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am I Pier 2
Empire Coob Bay 12 m Pier 12
£?"??' t- Tillamook Hay .... 12 m Pier 13
W. H. Kruge. TUIamook Kay 6 pm Pier 13
Manda.ay Coqui'le Ulver .... 6 pm Pier i
*}• 1>aul Ne* Virk via Pan 2 pm Pier 27
Queen San Dleito 9 amIPler li
March T. j
f, lerra Sydney & Way Fts 2 pm I Pier 7
Eureka .... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Nome City... San Pedro......' 10 am Pier 2
Coptic......... china and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Umatilla Puget Sound Porte 11 am Pier 9
Mnrch 8.
Arcata Coos Uay 12 m Pier 13
Alliance Portld & Coon Bay 9 am Pier —
Peru Panama & Way Pt 12 m PMSS
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Corona Newport 9 amiPier 11
Cororabta Valparaiso & Way 12 ralS.W. 2
March 0. |
Pomona Humboldt i.2 pmiPIer 9
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portlandlll amlPIer 24
Curacao Mexican Ports |10.am|Fier 11
Point Arena'.. Point Arena | 3 pmlPler " i
Mnroh 10.
N'ewburjr GrayH Harbor. Pier 2
Santa Roea... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Mnroh 11. •
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier S
Steamer, i
From.
I Due.
Acme ITlllamook Bay Mar 5
Argo : ICoqullle River. Mar' 5
Wellington Oy B ter Harbor Mar' 5
Nome City Humboldt Mar- 5
Fulton ••••• Orays Harbor Mar! ' 5
San Pedro Humboldt .....Mar. 5
Alliance [Portland ft Coos Bay.. Mar 5
Xorth Fork Humboldt Mar 5
Eureka Humboldt . Mar 5
£ W. Elder.... Portland and. Astoria.. Mar. 6
C. D. Lane Panama Mar 6
Corona Newport Mar. 6
Chlco. ...... ...:. Tlllamook Bay Mar. 6
Mackinuw Seattle M«r fi
Arcata Coo» Bay Mar! 6
Ne.wburg Grays Harbor IMar 7
Point Arena.... Point Arena. Mar 7
Santa Rosa San Diego ..." Mar! 7
Mattewan Tacoraa Mar. 7
'Pomona.*. Humboldt .» .". Mar' 7
America Maru. China and Japan/.....! Mar! 8
State©/ Cal.... I'nget Sound Ports..... Mar 8
Czarina.......... Seattle" ft Tacoma Mar. 9
8 ue f n K». f-an'Dlego Mar 10
»« l »", -\ Newport H Mu! 10
V ewport Panama & Way Ports. Mar. 1U
Australia Tahiti f....... Mar 10
Columbia....... Portland A Astoria.... Mar! U
Crescent City.. Crencent City Mar. 11
11 ...
2:061
2M3|
S.ll
6.0|.
8:47 •
. 9:40
• 1.01
O.9|
3:3S|
4:45|
4.6
3.9
8:221
9:11
2.8
2.9
a lime Time , Time Time ,
£ I- — I Ft. — — Ft. Ft. i Ft.
6 ... 5:23 l.« U:4J 6.2 6:40 0.7 ......i
H W -!L W . . H W ' L W "
6 .... 0:20 ft.S 6:W 1.4 12:2.1 B.O 6:15 l.l
7... 0:60 5.2 6:42 1.4 1:07 4.7 r : !
8... 1:17 : 5.2 7:20 1.1 iis2 U.6 ¦ 7 11 : l.l
»..'.. I. 1:42 5.2 8:09 1.0 '2:41 4.2 7:43 'is
Btearaer.
Destination.
ISalls.l Pier.
March ' 5. '
&*?," '•• Coquille River 4 pm Pier 2
Donlta Newport 9 am Pier li
Mnrch O. |
Santa Ana — Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am I Pier 2
Empire Coob Bay 12 m Pier 12
£?"??' t- Tillamook Hay .... 12 m Pier 13
W. H. Kruge. TUIamook Kay 6 pm Pier 13
Manda.ay Coqui'le Ulver .... 6 pm Pier i
*}• 1>aul Ne* Virk via Pan 2 pm Pier 27
Queen San Dleito 9 amIPler li
March T. j
f, lerra Sydney & Way Fts 2 pm I Pier 7
Eureka .... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Nome City... San Pedro......' 10 am Pier 2
Coptic......... china and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Umatilla Puget Sound Porte 11 am Pier 9
Mnrch 8.
Arcata Coos Uay 12 m Pier 13
Alliance Portld & Coon Bay 9 am Pier —
Peru Panama & Way Pt 12 m PMSS
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Corona Newport 9 amiPier 11
Cororabta Valparaiso & Way 12 ralS.W. 2
March 0. |
Pomona Humboldt i.2 pmiPIer 9
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portlandlll amlPIer 24
Curacao Mexican Ports |10.am|Fier 11
Point Arena'.. Point Arena | 3 pmlPler " i
Mnroh 10.
N'ewburjr GrayH Harbor. Pier 2
Santa Roea... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Mnroh 11. •
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier S
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
I TRAVELERS' 1
| BANQUET I
)o • • ., - 5
£¦ '.3
g. •• . 2
jo Tim dinner ssrved ev:-ry %
i* night In the Santa Fe «
g Dining Can en the Call- ©
G fornia Limited is a banquet " . t
g and one that alth?r Shsrry £.
>o cr -Dalmonico would ba *',
G proud to serve. It'sjDlly, »
g too; thsre Is no stagna- %
P> tion; we keep everything' • •>
jo ¦ movrnj on the 2
» . • o 1
(° * **
SANTA FE
° °i
o - «
)o ei
CsJUL&JULa. C A flJLJLSJLJL SL fl SJLSJULSLsD
CALIFORNIA NaRTflWESTEBN flY. CO.
LES6EB '
SAS FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON FERRT- FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DATS-7:30. »:00. 11:00 a. m.: 1J:35. X:30.
6:10. 6:30 p. tn. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:39
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpa at 1:50 and
" U :30 p. m.
FUyDATS— 8:00. »:30. .11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:19.
E:CO. 6:20 p. tn.
Sun iiatasl to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«:10. 7:50. >:20. U:10 a. ra.: 13:4S.
3:40. 6:10 p. rn. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:»5
and 6:35 p. rn.
SUNDAT5-8:10. 1:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40.
6:05, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schnetxen Park,
same schedule as above. .
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Nov. 7, 1900. | Ban Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I Destination. I days. | Day*.
7:30 am 8:C0am Novato, 110:40 am 8:40 am
S-JOpin f:S0arn Petaluma. «:05 pm 10:24 am
• 6:10 pm 8:00 pm BanU Rcaa. i 7:35 pm 8:22 pm
Fulton. ' .
7:20 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburr,
Lytton,
Geyiervtll*,.
g:30pm S:00am Cloyerdale. 7:35 pm (:33 pm
7:30 ami I ' Hopland I . I
I 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7-JS pm| «:g pm
7:30 am - • I 110:23 am
8:00 am Guernevl'.l?. 7:33 pm •
8:30 pm | | «:H pm
7-30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma I 1:15 ami S:«0 am
and [
5:10 pm 6:00 pml Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm[ (:23 pm
7:30 ami 1:00 ami 110:40 am|10:23 am
8: JO pml 5:00 pm| Sebaatopot. ! 1:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fillings and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
lor AKrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Qcyservllle for Skasss Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Sprtnss. Highland Springs. KeUeyvtllc. Carls-
had Springs.' Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Pi-rlnss; at Uklah for Vlehy Springs. Saratoga
Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Sprints. Upper Lake. Porao. Potter Valley,
John Day's. .Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknelfi.
Panhedrln Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr's Hot Sprtnes.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usa.1.
WlllettP. Laytonvllle. 'Cummlnirs. Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket orflce, 650 Market St.. Chronicle build.
in*. R- X. RTAN.
U. G WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt.
-Gen. Manager.
CH/Ci4GO~|
| In LESS "km
THREE DAYS
San Francisco Jit JO A. M.
Chicago* Union Pacifio
\ £r 'North-Western Line
T"\OU1BLE Drawing T^oom Sleeting
I J Cirs, Buffet. *moki<t% and Library
~^"^ Cars, xci:h barb r. Di m inr Cars —
meals alt carte. T>ailv Tourist Car
Service and Ptrsonillv Conducted Ex-
cursions tvtrv zcitk from San Francisco
ai 6 p. m. Tht btsi oftvinthing.
H. Ml. HITCHte
¦ 617 Market St.. ' General Agent Pacific Cbmt
• ". Pjlace lloiei SAlt FBAA'CIiCO
1
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via S*tua!ito ferry— Foot of V ukct bt , j
iv. a«N ra«M. ¦ . •¦'.••<« »n«M I
?^ A P :2:V-^-WK E K DAYS _ I *« j.JJ.
4:«0p.m.) stay over niglit at UicTaveux ( 10::« ,«.m" 1
8:00 a. m.1, I •••'•'¦ I »:0<i P.M. I
W%^.\ -..-JSUNIUVS J^p«-
1:15 p.m.J ¦ J 5.-Vir m ' ¦!
l-'are. Han Franchen to Summit and Return. $1 to.
Ticket Offices. 6'.'1 Market St., Jt Suuaalito Kerry.
v^ 1^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
J^<S**J£k. — '* "K*R>'V ST. KstabliMied
M k *?i s^kjalii INS4 fortlip trfatmt-iit nt CiivKt"
llQjJb'fsBI 1)lf """ s *" ! *' '•'"' Maiibooil. Debility or
6SgCW8^i1|s;Ti<i« ttPariapiui hoilyanil inlnilaud
Disi-jiseji. The Doctorcures when
£WMMWHfr3nthers fnit. 'I'ry him. I'barfu low. I
vVESumel^'urFveniiranlerrl. Cull or write.
Dr. J. *'. ui UUOX, yen Frauclsco. CaL
t
- ' ' ' • . *
MOHTIIKICX I'AVtVtV CO33PAMT.
(p.«ciri>: tViTjvi.)
•fg. Mlrttt l*l»W^ MUll nrf Ju,, | av tt|-r)f « mm
S4N FIC4*«:|»« o.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Streel)
lsave — Fr.ciu ttaJtCQ I. 1301. — akkiti
7:3Ua I'.enicU. Suisan, Elmin. VacatiUe,
Rumaey «ud naRr&uiouto 7i30r
7:3OADaTts, WooUiaiid. Kuigbu Lartdiag.
.MarysTilie. or.in.V 7i30p
~:^O* Ail»:.ti- K x press— <)gvlei» and I.'ut tS:SI>r
ID", M ar'.ii.e.-. ->nn tl ¦lull II. Vitilejo. N»i ». .
> ViiO'f* :<.i<'l S;mr» Uuoa «l:20r
i:in»i. Kil<«. LlTenaor.-, Tr.cy, Lathrop, *
8toc'*ton •... 7»20p
«*:3o* Shut* KtiwB-ltoU. Willisaw (for
Darttctt Sprlnss). Willows, ¦ ltod
Bluff, PortUnd. .-. 7i3«r
>»::m»4 Sun .lose. Urenncre, Stnrstitn,
lisi.e. .Sacramento.- DacertUle,
M .tj ; .«ilK -Cliion. K«<1 Itlulf 4iSOf
«::u>» OaktUir. Chinese. Honor*. Carters... 4i2«tp
1»:OOa Ilarirar.ls. Nilt-B »n.i Waj StaUont. II<3O«
U:UUa Loa Aniteles Ei|iress — MurMne*,
Tracj, l^aUirop. rttovktoti. Merct-d
Freatio »iicl Los Ang»'es 7;2'>r
»-.:ut\ Vail...... M«rtlue» ain Way BUtious a>»Op
IO:(M»» Th« OterUii. 1 . IJ.nltsd— Ogdeu. IJoa-
tot. Oniaba. C'tUcac<> ••SOp
II:OOa Ji'il-s. Stockton, h»cram>-ut<>, Meti-
•lota. Frrsnci, lUufurd, Vlsalia,
Torterfiljo -l:20r
I t:O"» IiTrnnnrp.' Sanj-sr. Goshen- June-
tluu. 1 .*. kersici.l. Loa Ai . gcles
tl-.O0fHH.t4iii.-n.. laierHcaomer* |3:Oin
:i:iM»p f U> mu.ls. Nilrt »ii.l Way HUtlonl. rt:AOp
l:(»»r MuLiiif/.. San lUiiiim. Valleju.
N«l>.i. »:»ll-t., K H. Kant* Itnia »¦»«•
liOdi- Betrictk. Winters. Sacrainitnto.
\Vi....i:an.l. KnlkliU l.»l.cling. -
M»ry»ti:ie, Oroiille I»:HO»
l>.t<*r Hiywinla. M!« »:-,'. sm, .i,.. P t *••»•*.
5:O»f Ni.ea Lifenaore, Stotktto, todl ... 1O:3«a
9.-, : «i)j. tu-i»rt Limited. I-:: Paao. New
Urluaosaiul E»at. «1»:S»a
r»:<l(>rTIi.. Owl l.tmite.i— Traoy. firimn,
lUkrnllei.l. Han«-m fur 8»nU lUr-
l..ir». L.m A i. .:•¦>!< lO:S0t
5:0i»p Net Orl-anr EipresH— Kakersllnlil
Hunt* Itarhara, i..:* Ancrlea. !>• ni-
iiilt. El riw, New OrlMiis and
Kast *.... . 7i!»»»
«:»«p Ha;-.i:wu<. Ni!«samlKau Jute 7:»O«
ftfiOttr Vnlleju ll:»«4
Oi««r Or>!:t»l Mail— Oe<len, Chejenue.
Omaha. CUfCTgo I2:3or
«:O»r Oriental }l»il- <>£i*n. Denier.
Omaha, Cuicaco. 4:2)tp
"jOOr Ofeg.ui aud Calif.. rnti tCi|>r«ts»,ttiio.
nuwsuto. M«r>!>'rillii. I(«.I.IIm K ..
r..rt:u...l. I'HK-t M.m.m.1 «...» V.Att «:5«»
i!»Jr San P^b'o. r.rt i:,Hti. Martlaez
¦ ml 1V<; rotations lltS««
l<;05p Vall.-j.i 7i3»p
<<>IST IMTIMUN (Narrow Uunl
(Kimt.if M.rk.t Htr«tt.> *
S.l.-i* N««»rii.OiiterTitL-.tts».l>»«.Krltmi.
lHHil.VrCr.ek.-Sai.iaX'nuumlWay
Htatloin 0i3tlp
t3il.1p Ncirurlc, C'«i<lervlilc. flan .Una, 11»w \
AliiM.U-ii. F.-ifuii. II. ni.ler «.'reei(, ?
8auU <rux ami -rriuctpal Waj
Stations 1 tr»i»«t
- -tsl.ip Nernrk. Han ,T.n«. l.f i fii'.a "i.-n»»
a9:30r Hunten' Exennlon, 3a:i Jose and
W»ySution» t7r»0y
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrimStl rnm;s:o--r»ot «r H«rk«l Slrt.ush? S>— "
t7:18 9:00 11:03 it.V. 1:03 J:33 5:15'. »«.
fr»m0lI!i13— f«»t • 1 BfJ«-i*«f.— f».uo J1.00 fS:OS
10:00 »u. 12.C3 ' 2:C3 " l:33r».M.
(Oivr DIVISION (llrn».llian;«).
(Thlr.l ntul Toitiiw,,,! ata.) .
|<>tl»4 «>ceaii Via*. 8outli Nan Praucl-wn.. t«- - ;n>P
;:<><», M,, .).„» am) lV»y HUtL.IM (X.»
, '*. — -'¦ Alina.imi WailnawUjsnnl*) liliip
»:O<>« Hkii J.isv. TrtM I'inu*. H»nt.i fnu,
Tacin* llssiis> I'aao It. .)...«. Man
l.nl.i OJ.in|Mi, Surf, Lompoc ami
l'rlitglpal Way Kutlmit 4:10?
HtslitA Ran ,l«s« ami Way fitatlnns «¦:(.?«
Ilt3n* Mau .Inas and Way HUll.ms St3Op
tailJrSin M.tro. Uedwoo.1. Menlo Park.
- Pa!« Alto, .Santa Clara. Man .limn.
Tres Finos. Hanta Crira, Salioaa,
Moutereyai.il 1'iielfla Grove. tiA>^H%
t.C::jilp San. Joi* and Way Stations ":.l»p
tltlSr San Jomui.I Trhieipal Way Stations «• I»A
t-iioop San Jon-, Los dates and Priudpml
Way sutloim <1>:O.»,
»t:iop..San .lose ami PriDcinal Way Stations »i:W»
6:3»p San Jfise ami Waf .Station! f<t:r»(i A
flll:15p 9au Josaamr War Statlmis 7:3Ap
A fnr Moniinc . P for AtUnioon.
t Similar eirrjitod. . J Suudaf ooij.
q Mondays. VTe<lneiKlayii, Fridays,
e Tnesdiy*. Thuridays, SunUtys.
a Saturday oola-.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily..
Leave Market-Street Ferry tfcpcL
Local Urn d Ovrl'd! Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Daily.
Lr. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a «:00 p 4:10 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:23 a 11:45 a 11:05 p T:K p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 115 a
** Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:33 p J:05 a
" Hanford.. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalia.... 4:10 p 4:19 p 4:45 a
** Tnlare 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
'• Bksflefd... i:M p S:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City. - ..1:41 a | 7:S0 a
'• Chicago I 2:15 p t >:00 p
a for. morning"- P for nftemoon.-
.1:00. a. m. train la the Callfomta LJmlteiJ.
CarryinB Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cam throuch to Chlrazo. Chair Car ruas
to Bakersfield* for accommodation of local
flr»t rlasa ra"»*rtrers. No second clasj
tickets are honored . on this train. Cor-
responding train arrive* at 5:53 p.m. dally
. i;M p. m. It etockf-n Local. Correspond-
intr train arrives at 11:C"> a. m dally.
«:CO d. m: Is the Ov»rland Express, lrlt^
through Palace and Tourist Sleepet* anij
free P.ecUnlnsr Chair Car. al*o Palace
£!eepe r - which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
jpor.dtr.s train arrivea at 5:J3 p. m. dally.
»:»> a. m. Ja Baker^fleld T>ocal. stoppintr at
all points In San Joaquln VaHey. Corr»-
spor.ding train arrives at S:4O a. rn. dally.
Ofn>e»»— «41 Market *t-re« and In F*rry
D«pct. £an FraricUco; HIS Broadway. Oak-
land. -
HOBTB PACIFIC' COAST RAILROAD.
Vi« SaHiaallt* F«ry. j
Commencing ' September 30. 1..0O.
FROM SAN KRANC1SCO TO MILL. VALLET
AND SAN HAFAKL.
WEEK DAYS-«:55. »9:lj. 11:00 a. m.. »1:*S.
3:13. 4:00. 5:13. «ti:U: <:40 p. m.
EXTRA TUIPS— ror Mill Vattay and daa
Katael en Mundaya Wednesday* and Satur-
day* at >.0O and ll:3J p. m.
SUNDAYS-'8:C«. •'.•1.00. '11:30 a. * m.. *1:U,
115. '4:43. 8:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked ••) run fo San Quentln.
FltOM SAN* RAFAEL, TO 3A.V FKAN'CISCO.
- WEEK DAYS— S:*0. »<:3o. 7:43. S:W a. m..
•U:S0 1:43. # 3:3O. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:20. *S:00. 'lO^. •U:« a. j^
•1.40, »I:1S. 4:43. •«:«) p. rn.
Trains marked <•> start from San QuenUa.
FROM MILL VALLKY To SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DATS— 5:41, «:43. 7:55. 9:30 a. ra.
U:35 2:W. 330. 4:54. 5:20 p. rn.
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
snd Satardays at 7:10 and 1O:.'O p. m.
SCNDATfS-S:B. 10:0i a. m.; 12:05, Z:li, «•«.
5:C0, 6:45 p. m. . • *"*
THROUCH TRAINS.
I:SS - a. m. wtelc days— Cazadero and war
stations. . ..-.,¦,_
1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations.
. 8:00 a. no. Sundays— Tcmalej and way
station* ¦ • *
RAILWAY ' TRAVEL.
Figs, Prunes and Grain jr^^ I
—A healthful combination. / BESX \J
And the name Figprune /^^nr A f ||
« Cereal— a happy concep- I f KI-//\Lf M
tion - /• ' . ' \COFF£E/|
AH the goodness of Figs, &JzV^jX-' |
Prunes and well ripened |
Grain is contained in a package of Figpr line I
jF^ /& **f\* Makes the best Cereal |
I frillt I Boil from 5 to 1O minutes only 3
V 4u/ / A^' L GROCERS SELL |
\^Grains°^ Figprune Cereal. . I
ADVEBTISEMZUTaTrying to conduct a large business with
out capital Is a; good deal. like. trying to
sharpen a lead pencil with a pair of scis
sors. ' *•¦ ;:..:;*; "*.;:* ¦ • : . **
OL.r> SOLDIER DROFS DEAD-Denn!» H.
Sullivan, who for some time pan nas resided in
the Soldiers' Home. -at Napa, dropped dead.it
the residence of C. Dohney.at 347 Minna street
last evening. Ji'M as he wit down to. the table
he fell over* and * died. ' The deceased .'waa a
soldier, -60 years otase.
Diamonds and Gold* by Mail.
Every, year at least $3,000,000 worth ol
precious stones come to New York fron
the ¦ other side nS the water', through th<
mails. The diamonds received are -in th<
rough, as a rule. All of. the local Import
eni who cut stones use the malls exclu-
Mvely to fetch their stock from abroad
After\all,". this Is the .safest as well : as
cheapest means of : transportation, for the
Teresa Carreno. Coining.
"'Great interest Is manifested -by'musi
cians In the coming of Teresa : Car reno,
the greatest woman pianist- in' tlie 'world,*
who ; will play at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
i'aU on Tuesday and Saturday uftcrnoons
and Thursday night, of. next week. <-Mme.
Carreno is . now in the City of Mexico.
Seats for the local recitals will be ready
at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Thursday morn
inc. ' ,;¦;*¦' ¦-."."¦¦*¦. : : : * ¦¦ . *. ; ¦:.:¦.*. ¦* ¦'¦ -" ';.-* r : '~
Women Beat Men Again.
Statistics show that women live longer
£han men. For instance, in Germany,
only 413 out of 1000 males reach tho age
of fifty, years, -whllfj more than 500 out*,
of 10CO females reach that age. . In- the
United States there nre 2583 female to ev
ery 13'J8 male centenarians. In France
of ten centenarians seven arciwomen and
only thrco men. In the rest: of "Kurope
of twenty-one centenarians sixteen are
womon.— Montreal Star.
Lead in Everything.
The' United States' leads In stockings.—
Dally paper. ¦. ft
- ..We i a!so lead in. moccasins, brogans,
•iack-boots and canvas legglns. And whin
you come rlcht down to. it, we lead in
bare foet. too. -Ask at any baby show.—
New York Press. • ¦ •
Ten More Doctors Are Needed. '
As a.resultof the '.rtwh' of school chil
dren to comply . with {thft, vaccination or
der the Board, of 'Health 'has decided to
ask the 'Supervisors ;for ten more physi
cians to' assist in- the. work. Some of the
physlclans^are needed In the . personal
visits" being made to the schools, while
others will be, stationed in the vaccina
tion room in "the City Hall, f President
Williamson- of the. board asserted.- yes
terday that several physicians ..have
turned In reports asking for pay, "which
they nre not entitled to receive.
TERRY McGOVERN AND
DAVE* SULLIVAN MATCHED
Twentieth Century Athletic Club
Secures These Whirlwind Scrap
pers for Its April Show.
Tt is now an assured fact that lovers of
the fistic game In this city will have an
opportunity of witnessing "Terrible" Ter
ry McGo'vern perform. . A telegram was
received last night by Jim Kennedy from
Sam Harris. McGovern's manager, stating
the terms of the Twentieth Century-Ath
letic Club were satisfactory and that he
would be pleased to have his wonder
watched with t)ave Sullivan for the April
date. ¦- . '
A wire was also received from Tim
Hurst. Sullivan's manager, ntating- that
he and his fighter were both willing to
have the match consummated,
Items of .Interest. •
During tho past year, there was an In
crease of nearly $30,000 In the value of
monkey skins exported from the (Gold
Coast. It is estimated that at . le.ast
1,000.000 monkeys were killed in that dis
trict alone. {
The coldest Inhabited spot on the earth
is the little town of Werchojansk. in Si
beria, which 1» situuted 67 degrees 34 min
utes north latitude. 133 degrees 5 minutes
east longitude. The lowest temperature
observed there Is 90.4 degrees Fahrenheit
below zero. The* average temperature
for January i" *>3-4 degrees below zero.
The city of Berlin Is said to be stricken
with aplague of rats. The police author
ities have Issued orders to houseHolders
to put rat poison In their cellars, hoping
thereby to exterminate the rodents.
A South American doctor advises pa
tients who have been so unfortunate as
to have been stricken with leprosy to try
the .bite, of a rattlesnake as a curative
principle,. Naturally the unfortunate look
upon the remedy as much worse. than the
disease.. . ¦ .
Concerning ' the new territory to be
opened to settlement this year southwest
of Oklahoma, the following figures are
given. ,Klowa County, .after all the al
lotments and school reservations are de
ducted, will contain about 9000 home
steads, and In Wichita County, which will
open at the. same time, there will' be about
3400 homesteads.— Chicago Journal.
Snow in the City of Mexico.
A week ago last Sunday pnow fell in the
City of MexJ<~o and in the valley of Mex
ico for the first tim*; in fifty years. The
fnow aroused the greatest curiosity and
most ir.lr-r.he excitement among the peo
ple, and it caught the boys without sleds.
However, there Is no scarcity of ox hides
down there, and the hide of the ox in
skillful hands works the toboggan on a
6nowy hillside with magnificent success.
—Salt Lake Tribune,
VICTIMS OF CLEVER FORGER.
Many. Checka/Axe. Discovered to Be
Bogus When They Are Sent
to the Banks..
The police are looking for a forger who
has recently victimized a number of peo
ple by passing bogus checks. ' His latest
victim Is Adolph Me-yef, a hardware jpier
chant at 1510 Devlsadero street. The for:
ger used the name of C. R. Crowell, su
perintendent of the Cemetery Association,
and his imitation of Crowell's signature
was almost perfect.
According to the story Meyer told to
the police yesterday afternoon an elderly
man. claiming to be James T. Wright,
came to his store and presented a check
on the First National Bank for about J50.
He stated- that he had been employed In
the cemeteries And had received the paper
in payment. The signature affixed was
that pf Crowell, and Meyer, knowing- the
last named gentleman,. did not hesitate
to accept it. When the check was pre
sented for payment the signature was de
clared a 'forgery and the matter wa« re
ferred to the. police.
Crowell was surprised at the clever imi
tation of his handwriting. Tho other
writing on the check was penned by an
other person, which' the alleged Wright
explained.' by saying that a bookkeeper
had written th» names and amounts on
all the employes' orders for money- and
had passed them over" to the superintend
ent f6r his signature.
There have been a number of bogus
check cases reported to the police recently
and It Is supposed that the same person
who victimized Meyer Js successfully
working the town.
The Scotch Bawbee.
In Scotland the halfpenny Is called a
"bawbee." but how it came to receive
that name is not a matter of common
knowledge. It appears that the first at
tempt at the portraiture of the unfortu
nate Mary Queen of Scots was made In
hrr earliest infancy, and her "wee" face
was cnrr»v<>d upon the Scottish halfpen
nies at the time of her coronation jn 1543,
when she was but nine months old. A
number of these small coins are sull pre
wrved. and it will be easily understood
tha.t the name "bawbee" or baby, waa
«-iri;rinaIly given to the coin bearing the
baby's efflgy. — Chicago Daily. News.
The relatives of Lafayette residing In
Paris, France, who are understood to b«
In need of money, are seeking to find, in
this country a purchaser of his famous
collection of rellc\ and souvenirs. They
place its value at 5100.000. The collection,
Includes the great rose vase presented to
Lafayette by the French republic and
many gifts from friends In this country,
including Washington, Franklin. Monroe.
John Quincy Adams and Thomas Jeffer
son. — Philadelphia Press.
Lafayette's Belativea.
postage on the stone* amounts to some
thing less, than 5 ner 'cent of the cost of
any other freight .medium. So. too. vast
fortunes in gold pass through the New
York ppstoffiee. To be sure, not much is
said about It by the officials, for publicity
is merely an Invitation*'? to danger. Most
of this gold goes from the "West in coin
and bullion, and is shipped by banks and
individuals. It is packed in strong bags.
similar to those used In the treasury and
bank vaults. ( These bags are well fast
ened and sealed. They contain from $1000
to $10,000. usually in », $10 and $20 pieces.
The baga are registered in all Instances.
-N. II. Palladium.
For the solemn high mass, which will
mark the anniversary. Father Wyman
will himself be the celebrant. The ser
vice is to be held Friday morninsr at 10:30
o'clock and will no doubt be graced by
many representatives of the local clergy,
who know and esteem Father Wyman for
his efforts In behalf of Catholicism In this
city, and not alone here, bur' throughout
the Pacific Coast towns west of the Rock
les. where he has labored. There will be
a special musical programme by a select
choir, and tho Rev. Father T. P. Mc-
Lftughlln. who will sing a solo, will also
be among the choral voices. Ka.tb.er Mc
laughlin's solo will be a rendition of "Tu
es Sacerdos in Aeternum." The service
throughout promises to be a memorable
one in Catholic circles.
by Father Smith; who came on from- New
York to take the position. Father Smith
ts now In Portland, Or.
Since Father Wyman's coming to Cal!
fornia St. Mary's has been remodeled anJ
improved both t in outward and inward ap
pearance, and the parish has grown with
remarkable strides. It is,- of course, large
ly due to the efforts of Father Wyman
that such progress has been made in the
parish. ' ¦
Buffalo should not lose any time in
urging Insistently at Albany and Wash
ington the claims .of the Pan-American
exposition. The United States Govern
ment' nujrht to be, willing to expend as
much for the great fair as the little re
public at Chile. That country has appro
priated the sum of $1,000,000.— Buffalo Re
view. •
Pan-American Appropriations. "
Out. of 730 samples of wine analyzed at
the French municipal laboratories sixty
nine only •were pure.
Sign posts on the road to success are set
up for the men who have taught them
selves to read. .
Attorney' General Griggs
Writes a letter to That
•Effect.
The National Department of Justice is
very much wrought up concerning the
existence of slavery among the Chinese
in California, of which evil the. depart
ment has only 'recently become aware,
although the fact is. and has been, notorl
rflis that 'the custom ol holding Chinese
women as slaves has existed in thl3 State
for the last fifty-one years. j-
Congressman-elect Frank K Coombs(re.
ceived a letter yesterday from the United
States Attorney General at' Washington,
under date of February 27, ad vising co
operation with the State authorities In
the suppression of the slave trafflp. The
letter is as follows:
Acknowledging -the receipt of your letter of
February 18 nnd confirming' my telegram ol
to-day. I have • to nay. that If the existing
statutes against the Importation of Chines?
women for purposes of prostitution cover, the
casps presented, that Is. If th«*se Chinese girls
of tender years In question were Imported com
fary to ttKse laws, you will proceed promptly
and vigorously against all parties who may
be liable for violation of the statute.' But If.
s? Feemfi more likely, the offenses are not tc
b« - connected with- entry' of thetvs girls Intc
tills country, but .were In violation and In de
fiance of the laws. of the. State of California
cnly. you are dlrectM to submit all the facts
to "the State authorities; as instructed by mv
telegram- of to-day, and to co-operate with
those authorities .In .¦piinishltiK these offense!
end In. preventing future offenses. of the same
nature. I have informed the Sem-tnry of the
Treasury of the. facts. nn<1 n!>krd him to r1v«
b mllar 'instructions to Chinese Inspector Card,
per. In order that he may co-operate ."with you
on this line. •¦ ' ' -
In any '.aspect this Is> -a ¦ matter Involving
rlavery— the denial" of personal liberty; but
even oft that eround It seems that -the pro
visions of the constitution. of the United States
are rather reneral -declarations In "favor 'ol
liberty, which are not carried into effect bj
any existing Federal statute, .and the. effect
ive assertion and the punishment of the wrong
o' den v lnr liberty In any such, form as Is here
presented would rest with tlie State rathei
tlian with the Federal Oovprnment- P.espect
fufiy -JOIlNiW. GRIGOS. .
Attorney Oeneralr
Mr. Coombs I'as banded the letter tc
United States District Attorney-eleci
Marshall B. "Woodworth. who says he wll
co-operate cheerfully with the State ane
municipal authorities m the mattei
Ho belioves that Chmepe slavery can be
checked If the police authorities close ui
the houses of ill-fame. in- Chinatown, oi
establish a blockade coupled with the'ar
rest of all visitors and inmates. This wil
relORate .the .Chinese female slave to ttu
level of an unmarketable commodity.
1"-*^ E7V. FATHER HEXRT H. WT
l)j MAN, the popular pastor of old
FST St. Mary's Church, at the corner
**• of California arid Duporit streets,
will celebrate his silver jubilee next Fri
day, the twenty-fifth anniversary of his
ordination to the priesthood. The Catho
lic clergy of San Francisco and neighbor
ing parishes will Join heartily in the cele
bration.
When Father Wyman came to Saa
Francisco, early in the year 1834. after
a long service, dating from 1876. in the
missionary fields of the East, he became
the assistant of Rev. Father' Brady, the
venerated head of old St. Mary's. Father
Wyman took charge of the parish Decem
ber 9 1S94. Father Brady died April 13.
1S93, and then Father Wyman was ap
pointed pastor "of the church'and superior
of the Paullst missionaries on the Pacific
Coast. He held that office until the fol
lowing September, but. as .he was- ex
tremely desirous of devoting 1 all. his ef
forts to parochial and missionary work,
he was .relieved of his duties as superior
CHINESE SLAVERY
MUST BE STOPPED
NORINE SCHNEIDER, "Sir" Har
ry Westwood Qooper's. otherwise
Dr. Ernest Moore Chad wick's,
simple girl bride, slipped quietly
into town Sunday afternoon and
yesterday presented herself before Cap
tain Seymour and told her touching tale
of an eventf«rf five days of married life.
Norine had scarcely slipped the wedding
ring on before her troubles began. They
i were mental troubles invented by Cooper
and with which he hoped to serve his
purpose— protection for himself and con
tinued love and respect from the poor girl
he had so terribly deceived. Cooper played
his game with telegrams, sent by himself
to himself, but ornamented with forged
signatures, generally that of the mother
of his wife. Mra. Marie Schneider.
The first telegram rfached the poor lit
tle bride aboard the >^3st-bound train at
Sacramento. It pretended to tell how Mr.
Schneider,' the beloved father of Nora,
had been tempted by Chadwlck's wealth
and fell. The telegram read as follows:
To Dr. Chadwlck on train— Dan has
tone to Reno. and taken your money and papers
with him. For God's *ake follow hlm-takel
Nora she can Influence him to do right. I will
I follow next train. Am heartbroken
The news conveyed by this telegram was
a terible blow to Nora. She sobbed and
wept and would not be comforted. Now
her tears were for her beloved parent, of
whom she would believe no wrong, and
theti again for her devoted husband, who
had lost his all at the hands of her father.
When Cooper got his bride in this frame
of mind he made his next move.
"My darling." he Raid to her. "we must
go on to Reno and capture your father
so I may reclaim my wealth. Of course,
the moment your -father hears we are In
Reno he will fly or go into hiding. There
fore, to circumvent him. we will change
our name and hereafter we will be known
as Mr. and Mrs. Humphreys."
Naturally the broken-hearted girl con
sented, but she begged and pleaded that
her father should not be prosecuted.
"This much I promise you." said her
hueband. "if they should want to arrest
your mother on the ground that sho is his
accomplice I will take her sentence for
her and serve the term in Jail in her place.
Then again, if we are known as Mr. and
Sirs. Humphreys, the authorities will not
call upon you or me to idcntjfv your
father as the sruilty man."
As "Mr. and Mrs. Humphreys" Cooper
and his bride journeyed on to Reno and
when they arrived there Cooper 'said he
felt sure detectives wrere on his track.
"Detectives! Why. how could that be?"
asked the unsuspecting wife.
"It is all on account of your father,
explained Coowr and the* cullible little
country girl was satisfied and grateful.
From Reno "Mr. and Mrs. Humphreys"
journeyed on to Winnemucca. IJere
Cooper concluded that his wife ought to
begin to reolace some of the Jewels her
father had ""stolen." A magnificent dia
mond ring, valued at J270, was decided
upon and ordered to be mado small
enough to tit Nora's slender finger. ¦ A
check of the same variety, so plentiful
'with Cooper; was given in- payment and
the> ring ordered sent as soon as repaired.
The jeweler, however, was a wise gentle
man and the ring never reached "Mrs..
Humphreys.""
It.wns at Ogden. however, that, the
most exciting scenes of the honeymoon
transpired. The couple registered at
Reed"? Hotfl, the most fashionable hos
telry in the town, when the following
telegram came to disturb' tnem:
February 27th, 1901.
To Mrs. Nnrlne Chartwlrk fetor Humphrey*,
.R*M Hotel. Ogden— I have cN\ East, taken
children with me— ask Krnest noFto think hard
of ri»«\ I will do rlKht by you both soon — tele
phone Humphreys for particular*— I wan com
pelled to bo— make Erned happy, he is your
best friend-Jx* true to him always— will write
ycu In a day or two— we will all meet soon.
MARIE SCHNEIDER.
Cooper's wife received the telegram and
handed it to him for perusal. He glanced
It hurriedly over anJ then madly seizing
a revolver he put it -to his head, crying
wildly: , ,
"This Is awful. I can stand no more. I
miiHt put an end to alj this."
The poor little gin bride from peaceful
Crockett was besMe herself with fear.
She cried to her husband to put the gun
down. 'but to no avail. Finally he rolled
his eyes and roughly commanded ber to
leave the room. The half-fainting child
prepared to nip from the apartment when
hrr husband tailed her back-. He flu";:
the revolver to one side and holding out
his arms cried. "Cozr.a to me, Bweett.eari;
I will endure it all lor your sake. I love
you so. I can not bear to be parted from
you."
After that it was "on to Chicago; we
will capture. them there.'
On Thursday 'evening all preparations
for the Chjcago trip .were made. At mid
night Cooper and h>. bride went down to
the Ogden depot and were told that their
train left at 4 o'clock in the morning.
They returned to the hotel and decided
•to rest until it was time to Btart. They
were in their room but a few moments
when a knock was heafd at the door.
"Lie still." said Cooper to bis wife,
"don't make a sound." The knock at the
door was repeated again and again and
finally the Twife paid, "Ask who is there.
If you. do not I will." >
Cooper did as his wife asked, him ani
to his question came the response:
"The Chief of Police/ Open the-door."
¦Cooper, pale "and trembling, obeyed the
command and the Chief entered paying,
"Hello. Harrv. don't you remember me?"
"No." replied Cooper. -• • .'
Bisks in Traveling.
The comparative safety of marine travel
under modern conditions is strikingly il
lustrated in the annual report of Inspec
tor General Dumont of the steamboat In
spection service. According to hla fig
ures. • 600,000.000 persons were carried last
year by steam vessels within the Juris
diction of the United States. Of these 20*5
lost their lives.- of whom only +1 were
passengers, the remaining 162 having
been employes. The relative safety of
this mode of travel is shown by the fact
that of the' 500.000.000 passengers carried
by the railroads of the country during the.
same period 221 were killed and. 2345 wem
Injured. Of the railway employes 2237
were killed and 2S.743 were Injured. Of
others who suffered— tramps, trespassers
and persons not In trains — 46SO were killed
and €176 were Injured, thus making a
grand total for the railroads of 7133 killed
and 47.S70 Injured. All thlfl would seem
to indicate that if there is anything more
dangeoua than going to sea it is staying
on dry land.— Colfax Gazette.
"Why, I saw you in the prison at San
Quentin." said the Chief.
.All this while the poor little wife was
trembling with fear and too bewildered to
hear rightly or think. .
"Hello, Nora," said the Chief, turning to
her, "where Is your hat?"
The green hat decked with plumes was
produced.
"That Is the hat they telegraphed the
description of," said the Chief, and then
turning again to the frightened girl he
said: "Your mother wants you.. I am
going to send you back to her."
Before Cooper was conveyed to the jail
the Chief told his deceived wife his story.
During the recital Cooper Implored her
not to listen to the officer nor believe him.
¦ "It Is not true," he cwied to her. "I am
true, am honest and I love -you." His last
request to the arresting officer was that
the woman he had so deceived should be
treated well.
* See that she goes to the best hotel and
gets the best of everything," was his last
cry.
Previous to starting for home the de
ceived girl went in answer to Cooper's
prayerful summons to say good-by to him.
He was behind the bars and cried to her
to continue to love him, and above all not
to believe what they were saying of him.
It was -a pitiful tale -as poor Nora
Schneider told her story. The events of
the oast few days have so disturbed the
child that she could scarcely string her
facts together. She Jumped from one awful
scene to another, and there was the con
stant repetition of a pleading, "I forget:,
lpt me think." This girl that captured
the fancy of the daring forger and notor
ious jailbird has a spirituelle face lit up
by a pair of fine brown eyes and framed
with an abundance of wavy brown hair.
She is swept and charming and simple as
only a very young country' girl can be.
Yesterday she waa attired in the plain
gown she was married In and went away
In. the only gown that she has worn since
she got the telegram purporting to come
from her mother, and reading, "Do as
Ernest tells you."
"Of course I loved him," she said, while
discussing her pa(n£r.l experience. "He
gave mo so many things, or promised to
give them to me) an<i he loved me so
deeply and -was bo klml to me. But since
I have learned who' lie Is my loVe has'
turned to hatp. I hate him, now and shall
hate him for all tlm-3 ','
Mrs. Schneider, the mother of the un
fortunate girl wife, turned over to"-Cap
taln Seymour yesterday a letter which
Cooper had written to C. F. Humphrey,
the attorney, but which, he "forgot" to.
mail. It was written on one of Cooper's
bogus letterheads and read' as follows:
C T. Humphrey* ' Esq.. San FrancWco — D*ar
Sir and Brother: I regret having -to Inform
you that my engaternent to Miss Xorlne
Schneider has b*>pn broken* off through the
unmerited Insults offered to me by her mother.
Mrs. Schneider pave me to understand very
plainly that my actions were questionable, and
ferllnp that I had done, all that man could <Jo
to satisfy her. I could not In Justice to myself
stand this, hence the rupture. You will take
this as final and revoke' all that has t>een
done in the matter. "It ia needless to say that
I am -almost heartbroken and I believe that
Nora is the i>nme. I feel that us the girl's
be*t friend haft no confidence in my integrity
it Is b»lter ended. Accept my kindest regards
and do not attempt a reconciliation. Yours
faithfully nnd fraternally.
ERNEST M. CHADWICK. M. D.
Mrs. Schneider found the letter at her
home. .-.
FATHER HENRY H. WYMAN, WHOSE JUBILEE ANNIVERSARY CELE
BRATION OF HIS ORDINATION TO THE PRIESTHOOD WILL. BE A
MEMORABLE EVENT IN LOCAL CATHOLIC CIRCLES.
MISS NORINE SCHNEIDER* THE YOUNG CROCKETT GIRL,, WHO WAS
DUT»EI> INTO BECOMING THE WIFE OF HARRY WESTWOOD
CO PER, EX-CONVICT AND FORGER. *.
BEQUESTS ENRICH
LOCAL SOCIETIES
Will of Mrs. Mary Henarie
Gives Wealth to Heirs
and Charities.
Another Fortune Slay Be Added to
Her Estate Through Contest
Now Pending in
Courts.
The wtll cf Mrs. Mary A. He.narle.
widow of the late D. V. B. Henarle. waa
filed for probate yesterday. Mrs. Hen
arie died February 27, leaving an estate
valued at $110,000. It consists of money
oh deposit in local banks, $K>.650 3»: 20U
shares • of Spring Valley Water Works
btock. $18,800; 20>> shares San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company stock, $3600;
67 shares First National Bank of Stock
ton, $12,000. and Jewelry and other per
sonal property.
Decedent bequeaths $10,000 each to the
California Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children and the San Fran
cisco Society for the Prevention Cf Cru
elty to Animals; $1000 each to the Selecf
men of Westford, Mass., and the Select
men of Llttleford, Mass. ; $200 each to
the children of decedent's sister, Luclnda
Hartwell of Littleton. Mass.; $200 each
to Henry F. and ."William B. Rockwell of
Fitchburg. Mass.; $100 and jewelry to
Emm& L. Byam; $200 each to the chil
dren of a brother, Alfred Lowa, and a lot
and Improvements at Pino ajad Taylor
streets, to an adopted daughter, Maude
Norton.-
The residue of the estate is bequeathed
in trust to B. F. Brlsac and Maude Nor
ton for the following purposes: To pay
decedent's son, George A. Hasley, $100 a
month; to pay Benjamin Norton, son of
Maude Norton, $5oOO upon his reaching the>
age of 23 years; to pay Harry and Amanda
"Wlsrgln of Loa Angeles JSOO. In the event
of the estate being found to be more" than
sufficient to satisfy all legacies, annuities
and devises the surplus la bequeathed in
equal shares to Benjamin Norton and to
the' children of decedent'9 sisters, Lu
clnda Hartwell, Emily Byam and Sarah
C. Rockwell.
Decedent's will was executed Septem
ber 29, 1&97, and was signed in the pres
ence of the testatrix by James P. Gaff
ney. The execution of the instrument was
witnessed by George E. Davis, M. D., and
Annie E. Rogers.
For several years prior to the death of
the late D. \. B. Ilenarle. who was a
pioneer liquor dealer, he did not live with
his wife. Upon his death his will waa
filed and showed that he had left the
greater part of his fortune- to distant rel
atives. Mrs. Henaxie was compelled to
institute a contest to the will to protect
her own Interests. The action Is still
pending. It will in all probability • b«
carried on by the trustees named in her
will, and If they are successful about
$200,000 more will be added to the esiate
of Mrs. Henarle and will bfe- distributed
amons her heirs.
The City Attorney was directed by the
Board of Supervisors yesterday to file an
opinion whether the city has the power
to compel the Spring Valley Water Com
pany to lay water mains necessary for
adequate f.re protection in various por
tions of th<» city. Brandensteln suggested
that this course be taken before the final
adoption of the ordinance fixing the water
rates for the next fiscal year.
A rommunlr-illon was received from
Ch!ef Engineer Schussler in which he
Ftstcs that the company positively de
clines to accept the recommendation of
Fire Chief Sullivan that 49S new fire hy
<5rant« be set throughout the city. Schuss-
Jer say* this would necessitate the. laying
of 11*. 2W feet of eight-inch pipe, 66,430 feet
of twelve-inch pipe and 6910 feet of either
twenty-Jcur or twenty-two-inch pipe. To
do this 124.900 fret of the pipe system now
In use would have to be abandoned or
paralleled by the new system, causing
an outlay for new .construction of be
tween $400,000 and $500,000. The proposition
\f declined, r.ot only because the general i
allowances in the water rate ordinance
are inadequate, but might be construed
as an acceptance of the ordinance which
the company declines, concludes Schuss-
Irr. This* probably means that the com
pany will contest the ordinance in the
court-
Bay and Coast Road Bill Passed.
The bill granting "the Bay and Coast
road a franchise to enter the city at
Twenty-fourth and Illinois streets was
finally passed. The erasure was first in
troduced April lfi. 19U0. an4 the charter
permission rerpijrinjr a -lapse of 'ninety
day* before final Ha^a^** has been com
plied with. McCarthy's amer^ment that
the company he compelltd i^-substltiue
electricity for steam ivith'n the city lim
its wa^ lost. Vhe Mayor statftl that he
. would ask the opinion of the City Attor
ney as to ¦whether the company, is re
oulred to wait nintty days before the
final psssape of the ordinance and his ap
proval would depend on the opinion.
The bill providing for and regulating the '
use of signs and transparencies upon or
projecting «>\%r streets and sidewalks
•which was rabtnttted by the Merchants' '
Association was passed to print. Brand
enstein opposed IU passage, as it permits
«<ncroa<-hmer.ts which are prohibited by
the charted".
The City Attorney wa* directed to ren
der ah opinion as to whether the pro
visions oi the franchise under which the
Pacific' States Telephone Company is
operating does or does not relieve it from
o<T.formir.fr to the provisions of the char
ter requiring the Board of Public Works
to perform the '.vo'rk of opening and clos
ing public streets when pipes and other
conduits are to be placed therein.-
Street Improvement Hatters.
The trades on Dolores street between
Twenty-third j<nd Twenty-fourth streets
were temporarily fixed at certain points
and rlf-vations alwve the city base.
The Board of Public Works was direct
ed to make at once temporary street re
pairs on Van Ness avenue, between
Hay<\<! and McAllister street, ahd also to
file an erlmat" of tho cost of bituminiz
ir.ir the three blocks named fo an appro
bation thcrfor may be made in the next
tax hudjret.
The ordinance reducing the. width of
• he roadway of City Hall Park four feet
Biifl mak'.r.R the same a part of the park
was finally parsed.
Hran-ienst^in's ordinance requiring an
indemnity bond from owners of fences
shutting on sidewa!ks to insure payment
f>f damages lor Injury was passed to
•print.
The Board of Public Works was direct
ed to report not later than April 1 the
Ftr^rtP moft in need of repavinjj. together
with the kind of pavement best adapted
to the different streets. This action is
¦Fupplementary to a previous ordinance
FPttinjj Sflflc S10Q/VW of the surplus fund
for street imjirov.pments.
Ordinance Granting Bay Coast Road
a Franchise Passed — Bill Begu
. latin g Signs Goes to
Print.
Supervisors Seek to Compel
Spring Valley Company
to Act. \
REFUSES TO SET
FIRE HYDRANTS
The following. communication from ¦Wil
liam R. Dudley, professor- of botany at
Stanford University/ Bhould prove of In
terest to all persons interested in the pres
ervation of the California redwoods, a bill
Concerning which is now bef or.e the State
Legislature:
This Is probably a critical tlm» with thw
bill now before the State Legislature which
has for its purpose the creation, by purchase,
of a redwood park. in the heart of the Santa
Cruz Mountains.
I cannot learn of -any -person or Interest
•which does not wish well the effort in this
direction. But there are many In the State
who do not understand Just how wonderful
these redwood forests of the California coast
appear to- thOEe who, .through extensive, travel,
known the great natural features of this globe.
There are practically no redwoods anywhere
In the world, excepting along one-half of the
California coast line mountains, and I want
to call the attention of your readers to what
the man best Informed In all America on the
forests of the world' said of the redwoods last
July. This gentleman haa considerable wealth
as well aa learning and haa seen the forests
of Europe of Japan and of Eastern Asia, as
well as those of all parts of North America.
The Government has twice selected htm for
the most- important positions in relation to
forest matters within its gift, the forestry
work of- the tenth census (vol. 9 of that work)
and the head of the United States Forestry
Commission of 1896 and 1897. This latter com
mission was a special advisory one, asked for
by Congress, through the National Academy of
Vrofessor Charles 8. Sargent, '. director of the
Arnold Arboretum of. Harvard University,
writes In the. New York Evening Post:
"The future of the redwoods of the coast
elves cause for great anxiety. This is a tree
second In trunk diameter only to the- Bierra
gequoia. It is a much taller tree; the tallest
of all North American trees and probably
taller than any of the Australian t-ucalypti,
which have usually been deemed the tallest
trees in the world. To my mind the redwood
is a more beautiful tree than the Sierra 8e
nuola. and it Is economically more valuable.
The whole of the land covered by this tree
has been allowed to pass from, the control of
the Government, and a few years, fifty per
haps, will see the destruction of the original
redwood forests. . ' • .. '
"What ought to be done for the credit of
America and American civilization is to pur
chase through act of Congress or by_ individual
effort, a block of a few thousand acres of this
forest with the Idea of preserving It for all
time It Ms doubtful If the Government can
be got to do this, but possibly some rich man
or men can be found glad to Immortalize
themselves by saving from destruction -.one of
the great marvels of the world, for this red
wood forest is the most stupendous and pro
ductive forest that exists. Unless" a redwood
reservation ts made, all trace of the original
redwood forest will disappear before the end
of 'the next century."
Every word of this quotation deserves
thought. Observe what he says of its ceftaln
destruction— and this is borne out by careful
calculation— and work. Oallfornlans. for a noble
park of these noble trees, before it is too late!
He says It Is the "most stupendous and pro
ductive forest that exists." This Is all true.
Not In Eastern Asia, not In the tropics Is its
like to be seen. It Is because of the great
elze. combined with the great height of the
Individual tree, and of the density of the
forest. And it should be . reme.nbered that
these qualities which make this forest so pro
ductive to the lumberman are also exactly
thos<» which awaken enthusiasm and wonder
In the beholder, and attract travelers from
every part of the world.
Theodore Hlttell, the historian of California,
ha* said: "In the eyes of many persons the
redwood is the most beautiful tree that grows,
and the redwood forest is the most beautiful
forest of the world." J-et me add that the most
beautiful tract of all the redwood forests of the
coast Is the Hlg Basin tract. This is not a
random remark, but made after seeing all the
forests of consequence in California, and .some
of the most Important of the redwood forests
north of San Francisco. This la because of- the
charm of. variety in the other forest trees,
which does, not seem to Interfere with the state
llness and abundance of the redwood Itself,. and
lends a half-tropical air of luxuriance wanting
In the dark and solemn forests of- Humboldt
County. It Is due to the tanbark oak, the
madrone, the Douglas spruce, the boxlcaf huc
kleberry, the aralla and a large number of
smaller trees or shrubs.
If this forest Is not naved this year It Ms
doomed to destruction. I do not hesitate to say
that considering the dellRht future generations
will have In this forest, the value it will be
educationally and intrinsically to the State, Its
purchase Is a duty, of hlgh'er patriotism than
any other required of the Legislature.
Predict That "Unless Government Offl
dals Interfere Species Will
J Be Extinct Within
. , , Fifty Years. .
Prominent Botanists 'Claim
Laws of Preservation
Are Necessary,
REDWOODS' FUTURE
CAUSES ANXIETY
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 5, 1901.
"Sir" Harry Westwood Coopers Young
.Bride- Tells a Pitiful Tale of a Most
Eventful Five Days' Honeymoon
DECEIVED WIFE BACK
TO HOME AND MOTHER
QUARTER OF CENTURY
IN THE PRIESTHOOD
Rev; Father Wyman Will Celebrate
His Silver Jubilee in Old St.* Mary's
' Church, of Which He Is Pastdr,Friday
9
Three- Year-Old B07.
GOOD CUSTOMER.
The right kind of food will work won-
ders In the way of changing- a sick person
to a healthy one, and by the same rule
keep a person in good health.
Arthur W. Fanning:, 14 Throop street,
Chicago. III., had euch a remarkable ex-
perience himself with Grape-N'uts
that he recommended it to a friend f<)r his
chtld, for whom the parents were unable
to find food that would agree.
It was purposed the child's stomach had
bf-tn ruined by the usa. of medicines.
When he was put on Grape-N'uts he be-
pan to Improve, and Mr. Fanning Bays:
"I will wager that, although he is but
three years o!d now, he is the bent single
handed customer the PoBtum Cereal Co.
has to-rtay. He has become big and
ctrong ajid is in perfect condition. I have
received tharks many times from his
rjiother for brSnelnc Grape-Xuis Food to
their attention.^ The whole family arc us-
ing the food now.
"My own experience was remarkable. I
had for year? a stomach trouble. I got
f=o Icculd not cat anything for breakfast
except an orange, all solid food and meat
being cut of the question.
•'Wh<r» I was induced to take on Grapc-
JCuti I did so with fear and lremblinc.
but found out. to my pleasure and eur-
pr5s* and preat benefit to my health. -that
I h.%d s. food I could hold on my stomach,
•and could *» a cod forenoon's work.
"I bsve not had a headache since using
Grape-Nuts Food, and !n one year. I have
srsUne<3 13 jiounds. I am "go much of an
advocate of the food that people suspect
me of being interested in the company. I
have wen over a number of friends who
are now using It and ppcak In the highest
t^rms cf It."
Grape-N'uts Food wins its own tray
without any trouble. It can be "borne by
the weakest stomach and contains the
s-'tronpest food element^ known. ¦
All first clas? grocers sell Grape-Xuts
Food made rt the Pure Food factories of
fhe PcEturn Cereal Co.. Ltd., Battle Creek,
Mich..
GBAFE-NTTTS.
Anutritious food j
I The most concentrated form of nourishment for I
I the strong*, weak, healthy, sick, old and young I
¦' . Discovered by the emi nent Chemist, DR. SIEBOLD |s
Endorsed- by the great Medical Authority, PROF. VIRCHOW, H
PLASMON is the most digestible and nutritious food known g
' to % medical science. M
! PLASMON is a light powder made from fresh milk, and is fi
albumen in its purest and most natural form. h
PLASMON is a muscle building, . nerve sustaining food, |j
* easily digested and immediately assimilated by the
V PLASMON in wasting diseases,' chronic affections of the R
| stomach, intestines and liver, diabetes, brings rapid and H
permanent recovery^ ||
j PLASMON. is perfectly soluble and may be mixed with any l|
| other food or beverage. It is tasteless,* but makes every ¦
? dish palatable. *v;/{ "
\ PLASMON has a' higher food value than any other food;
\ added to other fcrods it greatly enriches their nour-
I . ishment. . •
PLASMON may 'be used as a substitute for fresh meat and
I eggs.' It is the cheapest form of pure nourishment
j known. One teaspoonful coatains all- the nourishment
of one-quarter pound of the best beef. pi
i PLASMON is recommended by the world's greatest physi- h
j cians for invalids and convalescents. . > : $
5 PLASMON is not a-substitute. It is itself Nature's nutriment. R
I .' for Sale at Uadins Vtufgists and Grocers ¦ . |
[ AMERICAN PLASMON SYNDICATE, Ltd.. New York |
; ~> Information cheer Irlly given at offices of Syndicate |j
. ."! 204 'Crocke* Bui'ding, San Francisco §Chicago Livestock Market.
• . LIVERPOOL.
"Vrheat— ' May. Julv.
Opening 5 lV,i • ' B llTi
Closing ...x 5 11% 6 Vs
PARIS.
Wheat- .March. May-Auc.
Opening •..; ;, 1935 • 201ft-
Closing 13 30 -20 15 /
Flour—
Oljeninc 1 24 60 '23 SO
I »Jlcs:ng 2163 2555
CHICAGO. March 4.-CATTLE-R*eceIpts,
15.C00. Including -1CC0 . Texans; steers, strong,
10©15c higher; good to prime steers, J5®6 05;
poor to medium, $3 00^4 90; ttockers and feed
ers, $2 75ii4 50; cows, J2 70® 4 20; heifers, J2 75®
4 iO: cannftrs. $202 70; bulls, $2 5Of!f4 50; calves
t4iif6 23; Texas f&S steers, ' fl{f4~90; grassera
;3 3-,<S4: buil«. T2 SOS'S 60. •
•JfOGS— Receipts to-Uay, 32.000; to-morrow
JJTijCO; left over (estimated), 1500; active, 5@7%c
hljrher; top, .$5 57»4; mixed and butchers, $5 33^
6 o0; good to choice tui&vy. *5 45©5 C7&; rough
heavy, $3 30«5 40; llsiit, J5 35®5 CO; bulk of
sales. So 47Vi©5 £0. ¦ ' ' •.
SHEEP— Rccrlp;s. 1S.0O0; sheep, strong, e<
tr,is. $4 85: lambs, about steady; good to choice
wethers, $4 £304 75; fair to choice mixed. %iii
* 85; Western sheep.' $4 23^4 75; Texas sheep
J2 E0®3 75: native lambs; $4 40@5 25; Western
lambs, Kfjj 25.
Visible Grain Supply,
NEW YORK. March 4.— The visible, supply of
grain; Saturday, March 2. as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows: I
• Wheat, 57.234,000 bushels; decrease, 30"' tm
bushels. Corn. . 19.764.000 bushels; increase
1.546,000 bushels. Oats, -10,550.000 bushels de
crease, 17. 0iJ0 bushels. Rye. 1,163,000 buyhols"
Increase. 7000 bushels. Barley. 1,030,000 bush
els; decrease, 12fi, 000 bushels.' -.'-¦-. '
New . Yoj-k Metal Market
.
NEW YORK, March 4.— A decline- of 35
points was "scored In. pig tin In the local metal
market -to-day. This was uartly due to lack
of speculative Interest and partly in sympathy
with weakness abroffd. The local market ruled
weak dll day and closed weak at J26 20©26-40
Spelter- was also lower . on futures, but the"
flp.it quotation/ wan not materially changed
closing at J3 WtfjZ 97>i. An easy undertone
New York Stock Market:
NEW YORK, March 4.— Business was con
da<-t«»d on the Stock Exchange to-day with
preat deccrum and sobriety of demeanor. In
rtrens contrast to th<? wild and feverish ac
tivity thut prevailed up to a short time ago.
The attendance of brokers on the floor wax
nn^Il enough in lu*«lf to indicate clearly the
decline in activity and interest In .the market.
Fp.^clal trips to Washington to witness .the
Inaugural ceremonies accounted for the absence
of iwime, but a gr«-at many brok<"rs are away
en extenlej va/jationii, after a period of ac
tivity never be'en-? equaled in the history of |
the JHoc* Exchange, 'i'he espect<>d departure
at an *>nr!y.day 'of thf^entral figure In the
TfCfnt enr.rniota transactions tn th* ttnan.ial
world adds to the commgn feeling that a j
period of <^ii<*tuae is likely to Intervene In 1
ttack markft speculation. It was in accord
ance with this quieter condition of sentiment
that what misht be called ' more substantial j
oo:i«<id>r»t]on« ruled !n the dar'a trading, such'
as the showings of earnings, the trade outlook
Jcr r»>rta.in stocks, results of flnancial adjust
ments and the lik*. The most conspicuous
movenientB of the -day were the stocks of the
i.-.:;:... .;¦«: gas companid, especially thoyp of
lh» greater New TorV. Consol i<lat.7d Oas was
carried up to "01 1^. wit!i aji extreme advance
of n%. while Urooklyn L'ninn Gas rose n> lets
than 11V Dealings in both stfK-ks were un
usually laix«\ The strenstii was not explained ;
by The newn, but gin'» lise to rumors of con- I
eolidation. I»eople> advanced a point and I
I^a<-!*-<le Gaa 2'i. Influenced by that indefinable i
tyrapathy whlf h affecis rtockl of the same
claps In a speculative niovo me:it. The local
traction stocks were aivj drav.n into the move- I
trent after some hea\':nees In I*r'X>kl>n Tran
r!t, and they were raUtod from I 1 * to 3 point!-.
A number of other high-priwd Industrials
fhowed marked strennth. General Electric rit?
ing 4. with a reaction •>'. 2. and National Salt
Iireferrod gnlntng 4. Th«-ro v.-aa a very heavy
absori'tiun or Amalqttmated Copper all "day. all
oJf*-rinfrs l»-in>t tak<-n with confidence up to
par. an extreme ris-i of 4%. The smelting
stocks rallied sharply from an opening break I
on nix-n-iag by shorts «,n the news of a lejral
poir.t lest by the opposition to the proposed
merger. The tide water toft coal casrlers con
tinued in demand on arcoant ct the large
bu*im«s done in anth ipation of a> coming in
<-!"^a«>e In freight rate?. There were Increases
sll through t£» list v<n cood trafflc reports.
«Himin|;>>. etc. The gra:igrrs and Southwesterrss
• II enjoyed good advances, Kock Island, and
Union Pacific leading. A number of minor
railroad* wen- s.!*cj in jrocd de.-r.and. The steel
»t«-k« •nere !i1clicr, but thej*\vere without any !
• "•:- a! i'.r..-. ! feature. The publication of the j
•jfflciai r'.rnilir tht details of the llrjan- •
.rial arrancrncnt proposed for puttlr.g through
the consolidation 'was dihregarded. as the ptv-
Umlnary »?j»i«ip had pretty accurately fore
«-a*t»d tlrem. The continued ease of the money
market precludes any acute apprehension on
that 6ni», although It Is not expected that
credit faiihtlMi in Ne» York will be cspanded
la th» next few we«ks.
Ther* ra»'a sood demand for railroad bonds
with *om* Irregularity In price changes. Total
•ales, 4^.570.000. . ;
United States new 4s (coupon) declined V» per
cent bd Ihe Us-tt call.
NEW YOHK STOCtt LIST. /' ¦
Share* Clonlnz
Kcld. t-totk— Bid.
J4.*i0 Atfhihoa ot%
1«.IHO Atrhl»on prefd tS\
7.1C0 )!alt!nv;re *& Ohio i^MH
Its) Canadian Paclnc «.i>^
400 Canada Southern T.7
«:ii''Baii?ake & Ohio 43'4
yv •.'^jlfago Great Western.. 1>=4
;«.27J <'hicaco. llurlington A Qulncy 14"»U }
, I.C24 r-hicacp. Ind 4k Ls>ut*v1!le'. .*. 33 I
-. 4'-y Oi'orjto, Iml *x»uii«vil!R prefd...., 71H
;*A Chlcax.» & Hnetern I!llno;i! JC6
ChloasoA Northwcrtern. Kl'/S
SP.««» Chicago, Kock Island & Pacific. ...121*,;
1.7C* C C C & J?t Isniit 7CH
S.KO Ctlorado Southern S»i
rr* Colorado Pouth«^rn 1st pr*»M 43
a* Colorad-3 Southern id prcfd Vi\i
San Prancisco «la.ta: Maximum temperature 73,
minimum M, mean C6.
WKA1HER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the coun
try w«-^t of the Rocky Mountains. During
the ras-t twenty-four hours there has b«»en a
ripe of more than half an inch over. Montana,
Wyoming and Eastern Colorado. The tempera
ture has fallen rapidly on the eastern Mope of
tho Rocky Mountains and has risen slowly west
of the mountains. In the pr«-at valleys of Call- j
fornia and along the Hierras the temperatures j
ere abnormally hi£h.
No rain has fallen on the Pacific Slope. •
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty |
hours enJinc midnight, March 5: i
Nr>rthern California — Fair Tuesday; fresh
north^art^rly wimiF. chanc'.ag to southeasterly.
Southern Calif crnia— Fair Tuesday; fresh
northerly winds.
Nevada— I'air Tuesday.
I'tab — Clou>ly Tuesday, colder.
Arizona — Kair Tue?daj\
Pan Kranoij«co and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
Ugfct northerly ¦wind*: cooler.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. March 4.— News influential in de
termining the course cf wheat found only .a
Email local ¦ scalplnsr interest to appeal to
throughout to-day's fees? Ion, save at the open
ing when thero was a trifling amount of out
. side buying. A few pronilnent operators were
•In the pit, but' only two or three of them did
anything, end that was of little or no coii
sequence. May opened a shade higher to a
shade lower at 75*46 7! >Hc and sold to 75&C,
during the first hour, lt reacted to 75?i<S!75iic,
but rallied again to 75%c The close was
heavy. May Uc lower ct 75Vi©75VaC.
Corn was dull and narrow, tending easier on
liberal recelptfe and the colder- weather. May
closed Uc lower at 41!ic.
Nothing was doing in oats. May closed a
shade lower at 25>4c
Selllnar of lard by outside interests was the
feature bf a dull provision market. Trade was
light, but prices held steady, with an advance
In hogs. May pork closed 2\4c higher,' lard a
tihade lower and ribs a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows: — .
Articles — . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wreat No. 2—
March ....: 74 74H 73»i ,73H
April 74% 74»i . 74«,i 74%
May 75»i 75% 75% 75'4
Corn No. 2 —
March. S9«* S9% . 39^.' 33!4
May 4i»i 41ft -41 41U
Oats No. 2— • .
March 24*,' 24% -2H4 * 24^
May 25»4 25^, 25% 25'^
Mess perk, per barrel —
March •¦ 13 93
May 14 10 14 17^ 14 10 14:5
Lard, per ICO pounds—
March... 7 40-
May 7 45 7 47H 7 45 • . 7 45
July ...» 7 50 7 52Vi " 7 50 7 C2«»
Short ribp, per 100 pounds —
March .... 7 00
May... 705 7 07% 7.05 7 07^
September 7 1714 7 20 7 17V4' 7 l"ii
Cash quotations -were as follows: Flour,
f-teadv; No. 3 spring wheat, 66®72c; No. 2 red,
73%«i76c; No. 2 corn, 33>-ic; No. 2 yellow, 39',ic;
No. 2 cats, 20 1 ,iifi25%c; No. 2 white, 27Hfj2'Jc;
No. 2. white, 27{j2Sc; No. 2 rye. 52c; good feed
ing barley. SS(S45c: fair to choice malting 49
«56c;-No.. 1 HaxReed. $1 CO; No. 1 -Northwestern
%l 61@1 62; prime timothy fceed, . S4 40; mess
I»ork, per barrel, $13 95grll; lard, per 100 pounds,
$7*4007 42Vi: short ribs sides (loose), $7® 7 20;
.dry f=altod shoulders (boxed), 6',4@i;i£c; short
'cloar sides (boxed), $7 S5@7 SS; whisky, basis of
h'.Jth wines. SI 27 ; -clover, contract srade. $10 75.
Articles— ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 30,000 2S.0C0
Wheat, bushels ..„; 77,O)» S5.O00
Corn, bushels 476.000 ]lt,000
Oats, bushels 3S7.0C0 212,000
Rye. bunhels 6.000 - 3. COO
Barley, bushels 27,000 6,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull: creameries, 13@22c; dairies
16®>19c. Cheer,i\ active, lOVieil^ic Eggs, ac
tive; fresh, Uc.
« 1 i <l
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days...... — |4 85^4
Sterling Exchange, sight — - . 4 88»4
Sterling Cables — . 4 8»H
New York Exchange, sight — ', ¦ - 17 1 *
New York Exchange; telegraphic — . ¦ ' 22H
Silver, per ounce — ; > 61-
Mexican Dollars, nominal 60 0 61
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The -Eastern and foreign markets
showed no particular change.
; The weekly figures were rather more favor
able than, for several weeks. The American
visible supply decreased 303,000 bushel*. . The
world's shipments were as follows. In quarters:
Russian. 75.000; Danublan, nil; Argentine, 158,
000: Australian, K,C00. The quantity on
sage increased -2G0.O00 bushels. The smallness
of the . Russian-Danubtan ehlpments attracted
attention .at several markets and led to" the
query whether those sources of supply were
getting, short of their exportable surplus.
Chicago opened steady with a moderate de
mand. ' The commission houses had few buy
ers and the scalpers sold. ...
This market was dull, with a slight decline
in futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 95c; milling. 97%©
Jl 02»i per ctl. -'
1 CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2CO0 ctls, $103%:
22.000, $1 04. May— 2C00. SS»ic.
Regular Morning Session — May— 6000 ctls,
SS?ic. . '
Afternoon Sesion— May— 8000 ctls, S8?4c. :
•BARLEY— The market was dull and feature
less.
Feed. 72%c for choice bright. 70@71%c for No.
I and C7Mie for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 75@S0c; Chevalier, nominal.
Second Session — No eales.
ReBular Mornins Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— There , is nothing new to report, the
market being etlll dull. .
White, Jl zSm 45; Surprise, nominal; Red,
f 1 25®1 40 for Feed and $1 3o@l 45 for Seed;
Gray nominal: Black, for feed. Jl 17H©1 20;
lor *eed. *1 25® 1 30 per ctl.
CORN— The continued stagnation has dls
gUBttd, dealers, and there Is a dlsposltlon^to
let. go, even at reduced quotations.-
Yellow, J1.10@l 15; White, 51 lOfffl 15; Eastern
mixed. *1 12% per ctl.
. RYE- S2%©S5c per ctl. *
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and ¦¦ Millstuff s.
FLOUR— California "Family Extras, $J i30
$3 60, usual terms;' Bakers' Extras, $3 15^3 23;
Oregon, {2 75@2 S5 per barrel for family and
$! "wif 3 for bakers': Washington, bakers'. $2 75
63. . '• ¦ ¦ -.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices la sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to fWtrade: Graham
Flour, *3 per 100 lbs; Rye^lour, $2W; Rye
Meal. $2 50: Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra rream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny. «3 501j3 ".'»: Buckwheat- Flour. $4Ij4 25;
Cracked Wheat, J3 60; Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrelsj. $6 10
&7 60; In sacks. $3 7S5J7 2a; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas. $5; Green Peas, $6 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Fcedstuffs.
The quotations for Bran have again been
shaded. Hay shows no change, though re
ceipts are heavier again.
BRAN— Jlo@lfi per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 CO per ton.
•FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $16^16 50 per
ten: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25^26: Jobbing:.
$2f 60; Cocoanut Cake. $17®18; Corn Meal,' J25tfp
2:. SO: Cracked Corn, *25 50©26; Mixed Feed,
jr.fjk m ¦
HAY— Volunteer, tl@$: Wheat,^ll@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9{?12; Oat. $?<g:il 60; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $8«J9r.O: Barley, »7 C0©9 60 per ton.
STRAW- 3S»47%o per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The markets under this head . continue dull
and without feature. . '
BEANS-^Bayos, $2 5C@2 75; Small White, $1 60
©4 SO; Large While. $4©4 25; Pink, $2 1302 3";
Hed. $3©3 50; Blackeye, *3@a 25; L'mas. j5 CO®
6 70; Pea. cleaned up aijd nominal; Red Kid
ney, S3 75@4 per ctl. ¦ .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, J2D0iI3; Canary. 3H®
3?ic for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7%S8^e for Califor
nia and 9#9%e for Utah; Rape. 2@2Hc; Hemp,
3&c: Timothy, 6%c. .
DRIED PEAS— Nlles.' $202 50; Green, »2 709
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The feature of the Vegetable market was the
arrival of 2350 boxes of Tomatoes from Mexico.
There were plenty of Tomatoes on the market
before. Arrivals of Vegetables from Los An
geles were also very heavy, being 216 eacks and
123 boxes, and the market wa3 accordingly
weak. Good Asparagus and Rhubarb showed
no weakness. Cucumbers dragged.
Onions cpntinue weak, and though holde'ro
are trying to get out at high prices, they are
not succeeding very. well. At the same time
the feeling is less demoralized in these goods.
Potatoes show no . change • worthy of note.
Three, cars of Sweets came In.
Receipts were 148 ' box»s .Asparagus, 93 boxes
Rhubarb and 7 sacks of Bays Peas.
• POTATOES- Early Rose. 7oQS5c; Burbanks,
rOH^c for River. $1@1 20 per ctl for Salinas
and 6Ccfi$l for Oreccn; Garnet Chiles from
Oregon. 65®T5c; Sweets. 8oc«j« for Merced.
ONIONS— ?2 1<XQZ per ctl; Cut Onions,- ti
per ctl; Australians are Jdbbing at 5c; Green
Onicnp, 3CpG40c per box. . ¦
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. B@Sc; Asparagus
ll(517>i<> for No. 1 and 6®10o per lb for No. 2;
Green Peas. 2«7c- . foc'-Los .'Angeles and ¦ 3@7c
for Bay; String Bean*;- OglOc: Cabbage, Sl@l 10;
Tomatoes. Los A Dgeles, 50c@U 23 per' crate :
from Mexico, flfffl 25 per crate; Egg Plant. Los
Angeles.- 12Vi«J15c per. 1^-Green Peppers, Los
Angeles. : SfS12Uc . per',lb ¦ for' Chile and i;&20o
for Bell; Dried Peppers. 12@18c; Dry Okra. 25c
por. lb; Carrots. 25$r35c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers. $1@2 per dozen: Summer Squash.
Jlfrl 25 i>er,box; Garlic. '3@3\%c per lb; Mar
rowfat Bquafh, {30 per ton; Mushrooms, 121*.©
20c per lb. . T . ¦ , . • .
Poultry and Game.
. The little Game now coming in meets .with
scant attention, as. nobody earn, to- handle -,lt
this hot weather." Most of it is in bad condi
tion. , . . ¦ ¦¦' . . ' :_.'. - . • ¦ •¦
..Two cars of Eastern Poultry came In. Re
ceipts of local stock were light and prices
were largely nominal. '. , '. . '" ' .
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 12@lSc for Gob
biers arid 12©l3c for Hens; Dre«f.ed Turkeys.
»T™», Geese.;,; per . pair. St 50@2: Goslings,
?. -cO@3; Ducks, $4ft5 for old and $Wr7 .tor
ycung;.Hens. $4@6: Young Roosters, \V&; Old
it°°. st " B . WSZ: Fryers. .S5 5fl©6; Broilers.
Lfio oO for Inrse and-J3 tO©4 £0 for small:
I lg»-ons. |l 2.>f t i &o per dozen for old and %1 30
©I i5 for Squabs. . ' . ,
GAME— Gray Geese, |3; White Gees?,' NiP K;
Prunes Improving in Price.
Lateet- mail reports from New Tork Bay:
"Practically oJf sizes cf prunes are In very
good demand, excepting 70-SPs and S0-90s, and
la the opinion of »oxne of the most conservative
duelers the acfrt-jrete trade In prunes on the
*pot Js nc>» fully as good If not actually bet-
ICT than It was a year ego,' and the situation i
continues to Improve. Owing to scarcity of
certain tizes en th« spot there lc tone Im
provement in prices, while there Is decidedly
lea* disposition on ihe part of outsider* on
the coast to let poods 6° at the low quotations
that have been ruling for eo long. Eomo out
riders are no-v believed to be practically
cleaned up. Others .ere disposed to realize
better prices. On the _-)¦'. t 0<>-Gjs are now quoted
at feUtt'S'-c. with tlie tendency higher. Sizes
ty-TOs are V»c higher at These two s'.zes
are <3u:te scarce.
"Kalsiv.s are quiet but firmer. There are
roni* vprj- poor «-cro»n goods offered at low .
prl<^s. but r«"nerallj- h. Mere ask about up to j
if rvjwrted, was decllnei tor a car of 3-cro\vn.
lmiKirted rai«ins «-ontir.ue \Try dull. ,
"Currants are firm and the statistical posi-*
tion is Ftmng. Trade last week was of good
V€.!ume. liut there «a; a lere actlxe trade yes- I
terdaj". Aprlotas are j:i a little better request |
»r.d a small l-uslness is reported In peaches. -\
EvaporatPd PH>!es arc firmer. IUds of 4)»c
wert made for lirlme, $1 70 for chops and Sic |
lor waete."
Weather Report.
Weather Report.
ni^th MpriSian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FHANCISCO. March 4—5 p. m.
The following p.re the seasonal rainfalls to
<iat« as cernrart-d 1 with those of same Uate last
teas 3ii. and rainfall in last twenty-four hours: |
' L200 Delaware A Hudson'. ...165H
100 Delawaie.. J_ack & WeBtern 192^
2.Bt<) Denver & Rio Grande »....-.. t9H
'ii'+oi' Erl" V "" & m °^ 3ranao Dr * fd •••• * 6^»
2|«* Erie iat'prefd!"!.".".*!!;^!!;.".'."!;.";." 64*4
6,100 Great Northern prefd .• 196^
?tO Hocklcg Coal •. i5is
330 Hockl.ls Valley 4gu
J.COO IlllnolJ Central UOU
uCO Iowa Central jgv
2u0 Iowa Central prefd... 63'
Lake Erie &; Western .41
Lake Erie & Western prefd Ill ¦
Lake Shore j.JlO'i
15.100 Louisville & Nashville SSH
12.300 Manhattan Elevated lisii
7.600 Metropolitan Street Railway 163Vi-
S00 Mexican Central .«. „.. U
500 Minneapolis & St Louis ".. 77
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd. 10SV4
J.SOO Mlesourl Pacific X 89*!
3P0 Mobile & Ohio •. 78»T
J.VOO Missouri, Kensas & Texas 21
21,700 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 64^
New Jersey Central .............154^
4.£C0..New York Central "....:. 143"*
S6.SOO Norfolk & AVestern 4&
KK) Nurfolk & Western prefd • SJ
9,300 Northern Pacific ..' $Sv4
3.4w) Northern Pacific prefd t>V,i
10,2-jO Ontario & Wt-stern 3^
....... Oregon Railroad & Navigation: 42
Oregon Railroad A Nav prefd 76
to. WO Pennsylvania ..„ . . 1H1
6.V.0 Keadlnp Zb'i.
MH Il^adlnsc 1st prefd 1V X
l.lOu Reading 2d prefd 40?i
iJio. Grande Western 6i
... Rio Grande \\>Ftern prefd 93
3.000 Pt Louis & Pan Francisco 37%
rH Louis & San- Fran 1st prefd -SI'*
E.20Q St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd «4* 4
6.7CO St l>ouis, Southwestern 27 l »
8.900 Pt L^uis. Southwestern prefd -oC'i,
lO.^.-o Bt Paul ur>
£t Paul prefd l»2Vi
t?t Paul & Omaha , 125
14.SC0 Southern Pacific 44H
3LUH) Southern Railway ; 25%
!4,1<X» Southern llailway prefd - T9i*
2.200 Texas & Pacific 2j%
SS.1CO Union Pacific , 89V
2.200 Union Pacific prefd S4»i
LMQ Wabash .. ; 1714
4,2rt Watach preM SOV«
6CiO Wheeling & Lake Erie 14
500 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd SOU
1,000 Wisconsin -Ctntral IS
Third Avenue ng
B.'CO RalUirore' & Ohio prefd 89U
3.K0 National Tube 55U
5,200 National Tube prefd 103'
Kxpress Companies —
Adams X50
American ..j 187
United States 67
We!l«i-FarKO 137
Miscellaneous —
1,000 American Cotton Oil 2g.
American Cotton CHI prefd 85
100 American Malting 4^4
3'-0 American Malting prefd : i\Vt
23.600 American Smelting & Refr.g SST*
6.0(0 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 94Vi
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd .*... 17
14.500 . American Steel Hoop '.... 3C*J
1.500 American Steel Hoop prefd SSli
1I.2C0 American Steel & Wire Jjsj
1.XO American Steel & Wire prefd Siii
3.7"0 American Tin Plate «;%
5,2iiO American Tin Plate prefd 101S
11-.700 American Tobacco lilTti
\merican Tobacco prefd !l41V4
11.600 Anaconda Mining Co 4Ju
M.8C0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit .'.7S
2.300 Colorado K^iel &' Iron., 4414
E.2<-0 Continental Tobacco ...i. 471I
600 Continental prefd 9SU
6,809 Feltral Steer. 44»;
21.H00 FeiTPral. Steel prefd J5«J
7C8 General Electric "....210
f'O Olucc*e Fuitar : 4a\»
100 Olucore Sugar prefd ; M
fCO International Paper 21'^
7(0 'International Paper prefd 73*4
l.CfO lAclede Gas 76
2.400 National Biscuit 391:
7W National biscuit prefd 93
100 National Lead ; is
ICO National I.ea.l prefd sju
5.eC0 National Steel .« 46\4
12,600 National St**l prefd lOJ
New York Air Brake \ 1J3
North American 7J
Pacific Coast 6->
Pacific Coast let prefd -gs i
....'... Pacific CoaM Id prefd fl7
TO Pacific Mail 37
7,9^0 People's Gas v 1UZK
COO Pre»seti Steel Car 34vl
400 Preened Steel Car prefd 73
100 Pullman Palace Car 199
Standard Rope & Twine '4
E?,GGO Stifrar 1 jo^j
....... Sticar prefd /.. ... ; :i20
4.100 Tennessee Coal & Iron.... 62%
7.200 United States Leather 1214
1.20© United States Leather prefd 75%
2.000 United States Rubber i<*
WOO United States Rubber prefd 5914
5.300 Western Union ." %;t^
CnS"«» Am»l|?ara»t?d Copper' 9*'
S.lvi Republic Iron & Step] Co J5«£
3.200 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd.:... €5 l i
1' C C & St Louis 6S
J.7:.(00 Shares Fold..
CLoeixo noNDs.
U S is ref reif.:...10i'i.N Y Central lsts.lO7'i
Do coupon 105 N J Cent gen Js..l36»A
U S Ss res Ill Nor Pacific 3s 71^,
Do coupon Ill Do 4s lor.Si
V H new 4g reB...,m N Y. C & St LNs.loSW
Do coupon 137% Nor & W con 4s..l?2^;
U S old 4s r«*g 113 Or.ejron Nav 3sts..lM
I>o cou;>on 114 Do 43 104
U S Tji rftjt UUi Ore Short Line 6s.l28
Do <r»>uni>n lll'i! IV> con Ss...;... m
Dipt of Col 3 Cs. .153 |Iteadinc gen 4g... 94
Atchl.son gen 4s..,103»-i 1 It G West lat«....100«i
Do-adJ 4« 724 H I. & I M con r.s.UC'i
ran Sou 2nds 10S*4 St L & S F gen Cs 1W
Ch^g & Ohio 4>4»..1O5 | St Poul con... 1S4
Do 58 12C»i;St P. C & p lsts.-JlSM,
Chi & Nw con 7s. .IWVi! Do r-a 120*1
HOST d<>li *Ss..ll«u; 60- Pacific 4s... .".'." fad
Chi Terminal 4s... S>3 !So Railway 5s llfi'
Colo Southern 4s.. «0 Stan R A- T 6s.... ss
» & It O 4s........lO2«j Tex A Pac lsts...ll{Ui
Erie gonoral 4«.... 8* Do 2nd« .-.. fc,"
Ft.W i 1> C lsts.. M'i Union Pacific *s..lOC
Gen Electric 5s 17B Wabash lsts ......11»
Iowa Central lst«>.116 Do 2nds ... 107
L &: N unified 4*.1<HV West Shore 4s..'.. 110
M. K & T 2nds... JX% Wir Central lsts... feiv.
Do 4« 9~A Vlrslnia Cent 35a;
MIXING STOCKS.
Adam» Con 23! Little Chief 14
'Alice 40jOntario 7 3y
Breece 1 5 Ophlr 60
Brunsirick Ccn 2SI Phoenix OS
Conftstock Tunnel... 4jJrotcnL .• 32
Con Cal and Va...il ?r,=avage 31
Deadwood Terra ... 51; Sierra Nevada ...... 23
Hern Silver 1 lOibmall Hopes u&
Iron Silver ..." .<S| Standard 3 25
Leadvllle Con ' C5
DOSTON BTOCICS AND BONDS.
Money— * " |Union Pacific 84ti
Call loam Z»3^'Union Land |4u
Time loans JVi©4 West Knd 95"
.=£ock»— . ', i"i* West Electric IS
A T & 8 F. /.. 5G=i Bonds-
Do Prcfd .1.. S8% Atchlson 4s ..:.... lOHi
American Sugar}.. 14 1 ',4 x E das & Coke.. C9«i
. Do prefd '...120 Mining Shares— , j
American Tel .4. ..160 ' Adventure 18 5 i
Boston & Al 255 Bin K ham 2lii
Boston Elevated ..1M Amal Copper ...'... 89ia
Bci-ton A Maine. ..194'4 Atlantic S4
C B &.Q.. 143>iiBofiton & Mont. ...350
Dom Coal 8S»; Butte>& Boston... 86
_Dp prefd 110 Calumet & Hecla..S66
Federar Steel .:... 45 Centennial ...a;... 2BT4
Do^ prefd SJij Franklin I2\
.VitchlmrK prefd. ..»2 jHumboldt 2i
Gen Electric 211'^ Osceola SJ
Do prefd ISS iParrot E!
Ed Elec III 2474Qulncy 174
Mex Central 17 iSanta Fe Cppper.. 8
N E Gas & Coke.. IS Tamarack ....... 842
Old Colony 2* X"tah Mining-. 35%
Old'. Dominion- .<.. 3S> a :Winona' 7<X
Rubber i» i Wolverines ........ 63^
Nczv York Money Market
NEW TORK, March 4.- Money on call easy
NEW .TOUK, March 4.— FLOUR-Recelpti.
28,411 barrels; exports-. 22,"423' barrels. 'Rather
quiet but about steady at old prices. '
WHEAT— Receipts, 50,000 bushels; exports.
245,000 bushels. Spot, flrm; No. 2 red, SOftc
t. o. b. afloat;' No. 2 red, 7S?4c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 87%o f. o.' b. afloat: No. 1
hard Duluth. 91',4c^f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened easy under disappointing ca
bles and slack public support, but rallied about
}£c on rumors of large spot orders in hand.
Tnese failed to materialize and the market re
turned to the 'lowest prices under renewed lo
cal pressure and closed at about Saturday'a
final • figures. March, closed 79c; May, 79%c;
July, 79 3rl6@79 6-16o, closed 79Uc.
HOPS— Quiet. •
HIDES— Steady. . - .
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
7»ic nominal. Mild— Quiet; Cordova, 8®12Hc.
Futures closed firm with prices five points net
lower to five points net higher. Total sales,
47.000 bag-s,' Including: March, 6.30®6.35c; May,
C.50c; June, 6.S5c: July and August, 6.55@6.6Uc;
September, 6.65c; October, 6.70c; December,
6.S0C.
SUGAR— Raw, steady but quiet; fair refln-
Jnp. 3 11-16c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 3-16c. Mo
j lassea sugar. 8 7-lGc. ! \ .
| BUTTER— Easl^V; State dairy. UG2V£c-.
j fre^h' creamery. 17®:2Hc; June creamerj-, 150
20c; factory, 11 ff 13c.
EGGS— Weak; State and Pennsylvania at
mark. 15@l6'4c; Western at mark, 15M.@16c;
Southern at mark. 15(gl6»4c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, March 4.— The week starts
with the market for evaporated apples in a
dull and featureless -condition. Prices remain
unchanged at '3?i(ff43ic . for State common;
prime, 4*-«©3c; choice, a^4©Cc; fancy, 6©7c.
California drlefl fruits Inactive.
PRUNES— SU@S!4c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7?*S12c; Moorpark, 8U@
13c.
PEACHES— Peeled, HJTlSc; unpeeled, 1SH®
10c. ' ¦
¦;; . . . 4
Exchange and Silver unchanged. ...
Wheat dull, until sveaker futures. Barley inactive. •
Oats and Rye dull. Corn tending .doivnzvard.
Bran prices again shaded. No change in Hay.
Beans and Seeds dull at the old prices. - t
Potatoes and Onions about the same./ •
J T cgctabIes zveak under heaty receipts.
Butter zveak and tending downward. Cheese also ivcak.
Eggs steady under a fair consumptive and speculative demand.
Game neglected oiving to the hot weather.'
Ttrclve cars of Oranges offered at the auction.
Lemons firm. Livies still out of market.
Prunes at last show improving prices. !
Provisions dull but steadily held. .'"'
No change in the Meat market. . t ... [ . ,
Lighi trading in stocks*and bonds. ', % ".'/"¦¦ "^
at 2j?2>4 per cent: prime mercantile paper, 3?i@
4V* per cent. . Sterling exchange firm, with
actual business in barriers' bills at M S7% for
demand and $4 84>i for »;ixty days; posted rates.
$4 i&<lii 85Vi and $4 &«r-; commercial bills.
$« S3%@tS4. Silver certificates.. 61Vsg63c. ' Bar
silver, Clc. Mexican dollars, 49c. Government
bonds, easier; State bonds, inactive; ' railroad
bonds, irregular.
London Market.
.NEW YORK, March 4.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram eays:-.
The stock market here was very quiet to-day,
but prices were' firm on Ihe easing rates for
money. American stocks were hard throughout
the eessiori. There was little buying, but there
was no sHIjng either. London took some South
ern Railway"; and New York stocks of the coal
roads. * With the buying of coalers . came the
revival of the rumor that the price of coal
was to be raised 25 cents a ton. Monejr rates
are relaxing. ¦
\ CLOSING.
LONDON, March 4.— AtchlEOn. 57?i : - Cana
dian Pacific, 93U; Union Pacific prererred,
&6',;; Northern Pacific preferred. 804:- Grand
Trunk. 7^4; Anaconda, 9%.- Bar silver, quiet.
iSVid per' ounce. Money, SV4S4 per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
There tu less tradlnr on the-raornlni; ses
sion "of the Bond Exchange and tha only trans
actions of note were In Oceania at J33@5S SO.
There Was nothing new in the afternoon.
On the morning: sessions of tn* oil exchanges
there were no fluctuations of Interest and busi
ness was light. ¦
In the afternoon there was some shorting of
Monarch at prices belovr spot quotations.
Onomea Sugar will pay a dividend of, 25c
and Pacific Lighting one of 30c to-day.
Sales of ttocks 'and bonds on the Bond Ex
change in February were as follows, -compared
with the. same month In 1900: Bonds, $7SS,700,
against ttSS.iOO; for the first' two months of
the year. $1,540,000, against $7E9.0£0: of stocks.
In February, 68,000 shares, against 42,174; for
the first two months of the year. 87,407 shares,
against 79,325.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, March 4—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
• . . Bld.Aek., ' . Bid. Ask.
4a coupon 114 114*i 4s cp (new>...-.123 Vi$\%
*a reg 113 112-%,! 3s coupon Ill 112
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bay C P C 58.102^103 O G L & H 5s.H3 —
Cal-st Cab 5s..ll6'i — Oak Tr Co 6s.. 116?iU7
C C. Water 59.10814 — Oak A\* Co 5s.. — 1004
E L & P 6s 138V-134 Oceanic €S 5s.:rs 10«Vi
F & Cl Ry 6s. 112$ — Om C R 6B....129 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100^
Haw C 5u.s...lOS>4 — Pk * Cl R 6s. 105 —
Haw q 5s 1051/i — Pk & O R 6s.. — —
L A R R 5s... 113 112% Powell-st U Cs.120 —
L A L. Co «s... — — SEG&RSs. — SS^i
Do gntd 6s... — 104 S F & EJV Ss. 130^4 —
Do gntd 5s. ..100 — S R of Cal 68.110 —
L A P R R os.101H102H'S P R of A 6s.U2 112%
Markt-st C 63.128 12S . S P C 6s (1905 ¦ ,
Do 1st c 5«..i21 122 Series A) U0*4 —
K C N O R 7s. ,- 113H Do Series B).Ht«i —
N R of Cal 6s. — 114\ Do (1906) UZhi —
N R of Cal Bs.113 - | Do (1012).....122*i —
N P C R R 64.101H — |S P C 1st g 5s.lO6«> —
N P C R R 6s.lOS«4 — S P Br B 63. .132 —
N C R R 5s:.. ,,- 112 I
"\ WATER STOCKS.. . 1 . .
S V Water es.113% — [Contra Costa.. 69U 70
S V Water 4s. 104 105 Marin County. 53Vi —
Do 3d mtg...lO2^i — ISprln* Valley. 93 94
Stkn G & E Gs.100 — r
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 4 Pac Lt Co — 44H
Eqult Gas i% 3'i Sac B G & R. — 40
Mut Elec Lt.. — SU S F G & E... 43 4S'4
0 G L & H... 69 — pan Franctaco. 4*» *'.»
Pac Gas -Imp.. 44^ 46 Stktn O & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 232 |
BANK STOCkQ.
Anglc-Cal 71 - iLonPiA 145 —
Bank of Cal... — -<U«r Ex (llq).. IS —
Cal Safe Dep..l06%10« S FNaUonal. — 133
1st N of B F.. - J12^il .
SAVINGS BANKS.
German — 1850 Sav &.Loaa... — —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust-.. — . — N
8 F Sav U....515 —
" STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfornia-st .. — 140 1O S L & H... 40 —
Geary-st 47H — Presidio 2«' SO
Market-Bt e?S — 1
POWDER STOCKS.
California — — IVigorlt, - I 1H
•Slant Con S3& — I
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan 8?i » Kllauea 23% —
Haw Com 85 87"4 Makawell' 44 44%
Honokaa S3^i 33»* Onomea 30 31
Hutch S P 25^i — Paauhau 34% 33
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska P A... — 124V4 , Oceanic SS C. 59 60
Cal Fruit Can..9S lOOVi Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co.155 —
Mer Ex Assn.. 10^4 — Par Paint Co. 12% —
Morning Eeselon.
Bcerd—
110 Cal "Wine Assn I0O 00
230 Honokaa. 3 Co .". *3 60
20 HutchinsWn S P Co \ 25 50
195 Kllauea is P Co 2» 00
10 Market Street Railway 70 GO
$1000 Market Btreet R R con 6a 121 50
$2000 N* P C R It 5s 10S 23
100 Oceanic S S Co » 69 00
£0 Oceanlc..S S Co — 58 73
5 Oceanic S S Co 53 £0
80 Paauhau S P Co .'. 35 CO
20 Spring Valley Water 94 CO
Street—
$40CO N P C R R 5s... 1C8 25
43 Presidio R R • 25 00
Afternoon Session. ¦
Board— *
$3000 Bay Oountlea Power Co 6s.. 103 00
iO Cal. Wine Assn — 100 00
370 Honokaa S Co ~.. 33 H>
. 35 Hutchlrson S P Co I 23 £0
15 Kilauea S P Co. b 10 24 00
75 Kilauea S P Co 23 75
ISO Oceanic S S Co 88 £0
50 Oceanic S S Co C9 00
90 Paauhau 3 P Co 34 75
8 Spring .Valley Water 93 50
1 1 Spring Valley Water 84 00
Street—
$5000 Market-st liy 1st con 5s 121 59
$1000 N P C II R 58 : 10S Z3
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
1600 Cal. Standard .-. 63
COO Cal. Standard , 52
600 Four Oil Company 61
5 Hanford 1C5 00
200 Independence 20
100 Junction • , C3
1C0 Monte Crlsto, s 90 2 25
100 Petroleum Center IS
Street— *
1000 Monarch of Arizona, 8 90 64
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Hanford, Fresno and Kern River... IS .
2C0 Mcnnrch of Arizona - 65
6C0 Monarch of Arizona, s 90...... 65
GCO Monarch of Arizona, s 90.... 52
60 Peerless- 8 62>i
Street —
100 Lion 22
100 Sterling < 2 65
100 Sterling 2 60
. PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— ,
600 Aetna 1 V
1250 Cala.-Standard 63
1400 Cala.-Standard 52
1300 Four a» •
50 Four 60
25 Home 4' 25
1CC0 Independence i 20
500 Independence 19.
50 Kern : 9 87H
2CO McKrttrick Consolidated 18
SCO Monarch of Arizona Cl
200 Monarch of Arizona 63
¦ SCO Monarch of Arizona, a 90 .».".
400 Monte Cristo, n 20 2 374
200 Occidental of WesU Virginia. SO
1S0O Oil City PetroleunfT 28
25 Peerless 8 75'
50-Peerless, b 30 9 f0
25M) Petroleum Center 15
100 Reed Cnlde .'. ' «2
60 San Joaquln Oil and Dev ." U S7V4
25 Sterling : 2 RS
350. Superior ...'• < 26
500 Wolverine ' ISO
Afternoon Session.
Board—
700 Aetna 25
7C0 Cala--Standard ;.... 52
1000 Cala.-Standard 51
10CO Four :.... so
31C0 Independence „ 20
E00 Junction ..' $3
50 Kern 9 grit
100 Kern ..* 975^
. 50 Kern 9 CU
100 Kern ; 9 50
50 Kern , " 9 25
/600 Uon |X
'800 Monarch of Arizona "" 55.
. 200 Monarch of Arizona, a 90.... ,".;; (j
1500 Monarch of "Arizona, b 60......!!!!! 67
SCO Monarch c£ Arizona, s 90 ....!. 6s
SCO Monarch of Arizona, b 60 ••••-•
150 Sterling ...„. " iM
ISO Superior JB "" ii
600 Wolverln^T. !!!!!!!!! 145
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in tha San
Francisco Stock and Exchange • Board yester
day :-
Morning Session.
100 Andes ........... 05 200 Overman 11
100 Best^A Belcher SO 100 Sierra Nevada. 28
200 Con Cal & Va..l 60 100 Sliver Hill.... 45
100 Crown Point... 11 700 Utah ... c»
200 Ophlr 65 ZOO Tellow Jacket!. 20
Afternoon Session. ' • .
109 Beat & Belcher 20 500 Ophlr - «s
100 Con Cal & Va..lt0 200 Sierra Nevada! 3a
200 Gould & Curry. 13 .. ' W
Th« followlns were the safes In th*'- Pacific
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning' Session.
300 Con Cal & Va..l 60 300 Sierra Nevad*. la
E00 Con Cal & Va..l C5 200 Sl*rra Xe T ada! 31
500 Mexican 19 200 SUvnr Hill.. il
200 Potosl 16 400 Silver Hill.. " Vk
200 Sierra Nevada. 29 100 Yellow Jacket.. 20
Afternoon Session.
ECO Belcher 131 500 Potosl . 1S
230 Best & Belcher 21 700 Sierra Nevadi* si
250 C C & Va....l a\l\ 300 Silver HIII.^I 47
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, March 4— * p «,
Alpha 01 OTIJustlce «2 (U
Alta 02 03|Kentuck .:...' oi «i
Andes 04 05; Lady Wash...! 01 02
Belcher 12 13: Mexican ..." "7 S
Best & Belcher 20 2l! Occidental " ii iS
Bullion ......... 01- 02 Ophlr ... S 2?
Caledonia 62 66 Overman 11 ?i
Challenge Con. 16 17;Potos! .....' ii ,J
Chollar 06 08 Savage- .. J? "
Confidence ...:. 63 66 Scorpion .•. _ h
Con Cal & Va..l 80 1 65 Sag Belchfer.!!! 01 01
Con Imperial... 01 03 Sierra . Nevadi 2S »
Con New York. 01 03 Silver Hill « «
Croxrn Point... 11 12 St Louis'. _ '¦£
Eureka Oon...'." 06 —Standard ; "*a «a
Exchequer ..... 01 02 Syndicate .!!.*."; _ no
S5SJ!**^7: \l .SiESS 1 Con —- » *
JuIIa ••••¦° 1 «'YellowJacketV. 1,'%,
Brant, $150 for small and $2 .for large; Hon
kers, $3@4 60: English Snipe, ; Jack Snipe
; 'Hare, 75c@$l; Rabbits. 75cS$l for Cot
tontail and 75c for Brush; Pigeons, — per
dozen. ... .,...•. , . ,
« . " * ¦ t r . '. - ¦ -'
Butter, .Cheese a}l d Eggs.
Flret creameries were marked down le yes
terday and all other grades of Butter were
quoted , weak" under large supplies. Outside
orders are still too small to relieve the mar
ket., Cheese is also weak, though prices stand
the same.
Eggs are steady. The demand for local ao
qbunt is very fair, there is some call for ship
ment and more or less are being put Into cold
storage, and these three outlets combine to
keep stocks from : unduly accumulating.
-Receipts, as reported by tho Dairy Exchange
were 4S.400 pounds of Butter, 1402 cases Eggs,
SSiO pounds California Cheese and — '— pounds
Eastern' Cheese. ' ' / •
11UTTEK- /
Creamery— Extras, iSc; firsts, 13c; second*.
Dairy— Extras. 15c; firsts, 13c; seconds, I2e;
store, lie. . • ,
Storage — Creamery . extras, ; firsts, ;
seconds. ; dairy extras, .
Pickle, — — per pound. ¦
Keg, , per pound. . . "
CHEESE— Fancy, full- cream, 9%o; choice,
8Vic; common, nominal; Young Americas. 10c-
Eastern, full cream. laJTlG%c per lb. .
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected White. 13c; mixed
color*. 12o p*r dozen.
California Gathered— Selected. 12c; standard,
lie; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy. " ; standard^ ;
seconds, . ' •
. Storage — California fancy ; standard, ;
Eastern .fancy, ; standard, ; seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. *
Twelve cars of Oranges were auctioned, as
follows: Fancy. Navels.; $1 23@1 80: choice do.
85c@$l 43; standard, 40®S0c; Lemonji, $1 20®
1E0. {I
In ppite of the • rush of Qranpes to this
market 'fancy Navels are 'scarce and quoted
higher. The great bulk of receipts consist of
Oranges that have been -touched jrlth frost,
and 'such fruit, no matter .-hovr fancy the
brand, wjll not. fell as fancy, fruit. All Or
anges not fancy are weak.
.Lemons are firm at the advance established
at the cloye of last week, as the market Is
still bare of Limes. •
DECIDUOUS rRUlTS— .
Bananas are quoted steady, as supplies are
not 'as excessive as they were & fortnight
or so ago. " •- ¦
APPLES 1 — 60®75c per box for common. 90c®
$1 50 for good to choice and $1 7&iJ2 for fancy.
PEARS— 75c^$l CO per bor nnd nominal
1 CJTRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 73c®?2:
Stedllngs, E0c@$l; Tangerines. 75c® $1 50; Japrt
nese . Mandarins. $1@1 &0; Cemons. $1@1 £0 for
common and $1 75£T2 50 for . good., to choice;
Grape Fruit, C0c@$2; Mexican Limes, ;
California Limes, nominal: Bananas, 75c<3$l 50
per bunch tot Isjand and $1 25@2 for New
Orleans; Pineapples. 75c@$t per dozen.
Dried; Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
: Prunes at'laet show fm Improvement In
price, as will be seen by the mall report from
New Tork In the first column.- Otherwise there
Is nothing new in this market.
¦ FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7c for Royals and S\t,Q
lOc'for'Moorparks;' Evaporated Apples. 4@5'ic:
sun-dried. lU^S^ic: Peaches, C®3Hc for atanj
ard, 4@4'4c for choice and 5@Gc for' fancy;
Pears. 2!87c; Plums. pitte«l, 4#5c; unpltted, 10
llic: Nectarines, ZGZ'frc for red and 5&@6c for
white. >
I PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes. 3c: 30-40s, 7e:
40-608, CVic; 5O-60S. 4*c; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-80s, 3Hc;
SO-Ms, -2%c; 80-100*. 2V«c; 100-12Cs, l»4c; rubles,
Uo premium; Sonomas Me and San Joaqulna
Uc less than Santa Claras, except 100 and over,
which stand the i-ame.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following, prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb: choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
sons, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10%c per
lb; choice, 9%c: standard. 8%c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless. QO-lb boxes.
C^ic; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6ftc; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown, 6c; 3-crown. • 5fcc, and
4-crown, BVjc; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy,
16-ounce, 7c; 12-ounee, 5Hc; choice. lS-ounce,
6*ic; 12-ounce. 6Kc; London Layers, 2-crown,
$1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters,
$2; Dehesa, }2 50; Imperial, $3. All prices f. o.
b. at common shipping points In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. h.QlOc per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1. softshell, 10c; No. 2. 7&c; No.
1 hardshell. 9ljc: No. 2. 7c: Almonds. 12013c
for papershell. 9®llc for eoftshell; Peanuts, "5
C}6c for Piastern; Brazil Nuts, 13c: Filberts,
13c: Pecans. Il<gl3c: Cocoanuts, $3 Mg5.
HON'EY-Comb. 13%@14q for bright and 12«4©
13c for light amber* water white extracted,
7Hc; light amber extracted. - 6V437c; dark, tii
6%c 3«r lb.
BEESWAX-24g26c per lb. :
Provisions.
CURED MEATS^Bacon, ll®U%c per lb for
heavy, "H^lSlIc for light medium, 12%@13c for
Ucht, 13gl4c for extra light and 15@15Vic for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12c:
Mess Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess, $13;
Family. $14: extra fine Pork. }15@15 60; extra
clear, $19 50@20; 'Mess, $17; Smoked Beef. 13c
rer pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at CHc per lb for
compound- and 9V4c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9%c: 10-lb tins; 10>4c; 5-lb tins, 10%c *
COTTOLEXK- One half-barrel. 8^c; three
half-barrels, ?c;one tierce-, 7Tjc; two tierces,
7?ic; five tierces, 7%c'per lb.
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
The circular of W. B. Samner & Co. says:
"There is considerable more trading: in wet
salted hides, but It Is principally confined to
large lots of well-taken-oft hides. Grubby
stock is not wanted and sales' are difficult.
Dry hides, by reason of their superior condi
tion, are In good .demand and sell freely.
Salted horse hides find ready, sale at advanced
prices, but dry horse hides are neglected. The
local 'market for deerskios is without change,
tut rcjwrts from, other points show a material
decline. Goatskins sell readily. Sheepskins
are very quiet, being affected b»- the dullness
in ¦wooL"
HIDES AND* SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
ihi&JVf; medium. 9c; light, S@S>4e; Cow Hide*.
8Hc for heavy and SQSMjC for •light; States. 6©
6Vfcc; Salted Kip. Uc: Salte* Veal. 9@10c: Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Kiues. 15HSlBc: Culls. 13*.@14c;
Dry Kip. l^tJlCc; Dry Calf. 16© 17c;- culls and
brands. U@ 15c;. Sheepskins, shearlings, Z0@30c
each; ohort Wool, 39050c each; medium. GO&75c;
lonp- Wool. 75c®*l eftch; Horse Hides, salt. *2 50
©2 75 for large and 52tJ2 25 for medium. « 25 for
small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 78
for large, H 30 for medium, $1 2:. for small and
60c for colts. Deerskins—Summer or red iklns.
35c; fall or medium skins. 30c: winter or thin
skins. ?0c. Goatskins — Prime Angoras. 75c;
large and smooth. &0c; medium, Soc.
' TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4H@4^c per lb;
No. 2. itliVic; grease, 2@2V4c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 13(3 lGc: Northern, defective 12(3
14c; Middle County, free. •16SJ>16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12@14c; Southern Mountain. It
months', 9J?16c; .Southern Mountain, free. J
months', U4?12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 8® lie! Humboldt a=3 Mendoclno, AS
@l«c; Nevada. 13f-'16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin, 6ti®Sc; do lambs.* SO
Be; Mldclie. County, 9@10c; Xorthem Mountain,
free, 10«JUc; Southern . Mountain, ihHtS^c;
Humboldt and Menrloclno, ll®12c per lb.
HOPS— 15Q20C per lb.
San' Francisco Meat Market,
Prlles Xor all descriptions remain unchanged.
BKEF— 7©8c for Steers and 6<a7%c per iu i'or
cows.
VEAL— Large, TtgSc: small. 9c per lb.
.MUTTON— Wethers, 8»i(S'10c; Ewes. 9^c per
pound.
LAMB- Yearlings. lOVtc per lb: spring, 118
12Vic per pound.-
PORK- Live Hogs. 6Uc for /small and 6Vic
for medium and 6c for large; stock Hogs, 6V4c;
feeders, 5%c; dressed Hors, SgSVjc.
_
General Merchandise.
BAGS-San Quentln Bags, $3 G3; -Calcutta
Grain Bags. ' June and July 1 , 6H®6Hc; local
make, C?4c; Wool Bass, 2CS32!4c; Fleece
Twine, 1\'zC '-'¦¦• ' . -
COAL— Wellington, J3- per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. Vi\ Seattle. V, Bryant, $7; Coos
Hay, ii> M: Wallsend, $9; vo-operatlve Walls
enO. J9: Cumberland, J12 In' builc anj 113 2;"» in
(tacks; "Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. J14; Can
nel, 110 per ton; Coke. 115 per ton In bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 45
per 2000 pounds ana $3 £0 per ton. according
to ! brand. ¦ . .
; SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany-quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
¦ Crushed, 6.23c; Powdered. 5.85c; Candy'Gran
ulated. 6.85c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A, '. B.7"ic; Magnolia A, 5.Kc; Extra C
5.23c; Golden C, 5.13c; barrefs. \ 10c more; half
barrels. SSc more;. boxes. 60c njore: 30-lb bnga
10c more. No orders taken for less than 7S
barrels or its equivalent. Dominos half-bar
rels, 6.H0c; boxes, 6.73c per lb. m
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, MARCH 4.
Flour, qr sks 10,540 Wool. -bales.... 14
Wheat. - ctls...... 4.1:95 Shorts, Bks....... 590
Barley, ctl». ...... 7,703 Sucar, ctla... 1 vio
Corn, 'ctls. ......... 2, 125 Tallow, ctls. "* 2=3
Beans, Bks 2,234 Lime. bbls. ......! 91
Potatoes, sks...., 4,C4'.t Quicksilver, flsks 46
Onions, ;sk3. ...... 355|Pelts. bdls.. ....... 141
Middlings, Eks... ISOJKIdes, No..". 1st
Bran, sks.;....... ¦' 1,610 Leather, rolls.... 141
Hay,: tons......... 818 Wine, pals........ 80,420
Straw, tons 41 •
Potatoes, sks 200)
WASHINGTON.
Flour r qr Bks..... 4,214/Oats, ctls........." 4,520
was nrevalent In copper lo\jly, as a' matter
of, sympathy with the decline In that market
afiroad."* though prices . were nominally un
changed* at: 117* for Lake Superior and $16 62V4
for casting. Domestic ** iron markets 'were
rather unsettled. Piglron warrants, unchanged
at'J9B0®10 50; Northern. foundry. J15016-5O.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORX.. March 4.— The local cotton
market started (with prices 5 to 10 points lower.
The call* was followed by an excited selling
movemetit, which "carried price* off . 6 to - 7
points. The market was finally steady, closing
with prices net 12 to 21 points lower. :
Foreign . Markets.
LONDON, March 4.— Consols. 97',4: silver.
2SUd; French .rentes, 102f 2714c: cargoes on
passage. <iuiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California, 2Ss 4',4d; cargoes Walla 'Walla,
23s 6d: English country markets, part 6d
cheaper; Import into United Kingdom, wheat,
309,000; Import Into United Kingdom, flour,
2C5.C00; wheat and flour on passage to United
Kingdom. 3.620.000'; wheat and flour on passage
to Continent. 1.020.0G0; Indian shipments wheat
to United Kingdom, none; Indian shipments
"wheat to Continent, none. ¦ .
.LIVERPOOL; March 4.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, 6s 2',4d<&6s 3d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour In Parif, steady: French
country .markets, weak; weather In England,
showery. • . .
COTTON— Uplands. 5Hd.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot— No. 1. California, firm, 6s
2\4d; No. 2 red WesternSvinter, dull, -5s UW;
No. 1 Northern spring, dull. 6s 2%d- Futures-
Steady. May. 5s ll%d; July, Cs >,»d.
¦ COItN— Spot— Steady. American mixed new,
3s 9'4d: American mixed, old.- 3s lliid. Fu
tures—Quiet. Marfch, 5s 9>id; 'May, 3s 0V4d;
July, 3a »%d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. March 4.— Clearings, $JS7.
444; balances, W,37. r ..
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, March 4.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, nominal. E5@66c. ¦ , .
WASHINGTON.'
TACOMA,- March 4.— WHEATV-Qulet and
unchanged; blue stem, 67Msc; club, 6Sc.
¦ • , . ¦» —
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, TUESDAY, MARCH 5, 1901.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
22
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
This
I^ast
s. -
irs,
Bi
ieofoa.
Season.
• e ~i
in /^*
40.C7
i (>.(<0
IT. 43
it in
ISM
14.44
16.02
9.9t
5.66
27.04
13.61
6.90
:.is
14. GZ
5.56
*
k S5
This
I^ast
s. -
irs,
Bi
ieofoa.
Season.
• e ~i
in /^*
40.C7
i (>.(<0
IT. 43
it in
ISM
14.44
16.02
9.9t
5.66
27.04
13.61
6.90
:.is
14. GZ
5.56
*
k S5
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
STABLES, 1316 PINE STREET,
.--, B«t. Hyde «"d LarUIa,
THIS DAT.
TUESDAY, March 5,
At 11 A. M.
Consisting ot SURREVS. ROCKAWAY8.
OPEN und TOP BUGGIES, TRAPS,
CARTS, HARNESS. HORSES, Etc.
Most cf this stock Is new and all of tha lat-
est styles. ».-• I Intended to have a, flr»t-cla«»
¦tabla Mflth. up-to-dat© rig*. But owln* to th«
unsettled condition of the livery stable busi-
ness in this city and poor health I offer tea
above stock at public auction to th« nlgnes* .
bidder. No reserve or limit. Call and examine. .
PRELIMINARY NOTICE.
$25,000 WORTH OF GOVERNMENT TEXTS
AT AUCTION. •
Bt orders from headquarters w# will sell on
TUESDAY. March 12, 1301. bejrlnnln* at 10
o'clock a. m. sharp, at our salesrooms. Ill
MARKET STREET, opposite Battery, tha fol-
fowinjr Government property direct from tn»
Presidio: 3C00 Tents: 2000 Duck WaRon Cover*.
Flys, etc.; SO seta Double and Single Harnese
and Leads: Camp Toots; 1 Government Mules;
3 Army Warona, etc.
AMERICAN AUCTION CO.. Auctioneers.
•VOTE.- All this tenta*e la nearly new hav-
ing be-n used but a short Mme on tbe mnitary
reservation of San Francisco. Ooods will b«
on lnspest'on. with catalogue on sale. Friday.
March i. 1901. ¦
OCEA2J TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
a. Etenmera leave Broadway
*aw whart. San Francisco:
tJJlfc^ For Alaskan Port*— 11 ». «..
. March !, 7. 1^ 17. 23. XT. April
KS&^SSaK. 1- Chaair« to company't
I*X B?3«Vi??l itMm«r! at Seattle.
' EwiZS \K'i For Victoria, Vaneoarsr fB.
t tS&X^kfSki C), Port To-rnseaO. Seattle.
£ m +m£!&aft Tacofina. Everett. Anacorttj
and New Wbatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m., March t. 7. 11. 1".
IJ. 17. April 1. and every fifth day thereafter.
Chao<» at Seattle- for this company*e ateajn«r«
for Alaska, and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. By.: «t Vancouver to C. P. Kr.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Marcll
4. t. .14. 19. 2*. 29. AprU a. and tvtrr C*th day
thereafter.
For San IMero. etoppinr onty at Santa Bar»
Dura. Port Les Anrele* and Redondo fLe* An-
geles)— Steamer Queen.* "Wednesdays, I a. m.:
steamer Santa Ro!>a. Sundays, t a. m.
For Panta Crnr. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
ncoa. Port Harford fflan Lola Oblspo). Gavl-
ota. Santa Barbara-^yentura, Huenema. San
Fedro, Ea^ Ean I^iro (Ln» An«ele«) and
Newport— Ste**er Corona, Fridayi, I «. m.;
et»«m»r Bonlta, .Tnwdays, ? a. ra.
For Ensenada. Magdalsf-a Bay. San Jf>«e del
Cabo Maiatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa. Rorall*
and Gu-iymas (Mex.>— 10 ai m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company" •
The "company rewrrea th« right t» chanr»
steamers. »alllnr dates and hour* of aallln*
wtthrmt> prevlouw notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 I?ew Montgomery
street rPal^c* Hotel).
GOODALL. PF.BKINS ft CO.. C«n. Afts.,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. B. & K GO. .
WSPATCH TAST BTBA1CII19 TO
:P O TZ, T Xji J±1<T1D
Ktoe* Spear^Btreet "Wnarf at It a. m.
CADC $12 first Class Including Berth
I AnC $3 Second Class and M«als.
COLUMBIA Mil* Mar. 4. 14. 24. Apr. J
GEO. W. ELDER salla Mar. ». 13. ». Apr. «
Phort Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt-.
Helena and all points In the Nortnweat.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
1 Montgomery st.
WHITE STAR STEAMSHIP CO.
Will Dispatch Steamer
OIR/EG-OISr
• • FOR
NOME
VIA Katmal.
MARCH StU.
For Information Apply to
¦WHITE STAR STEAMSHIP CO..
Cnlon Block, Seattle.
Or'
E32 Market St.'. Room 4. 8. T.
TOYO KISE_N KAISBA.
STEAMEBS WTLL LEAVE "WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brasnan streets, at 1 o. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling- at
Kobe (Hloeo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Honsrkone wtm stecaaers for
India, etc. No cargo received oa board on day
of sa'llng.
S3. AMKBICA MARU.... Friday. March 15, 1*1
SS. HONGKONG MARU.. Tuesday. April 9. 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May «. 1301
Round-trip tlcketa at redoced ratea. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlcs,
421 Market ttreet. corner First.
- W. H. AVERT, General Ageat.
AMERICAN LINE.-
. IX1TT0U. SCBTHAMPTOIT. L0TO0*. TiSSX
Stopplnr at Cherbourg, westbouad.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday at 19 av a.
Et Loots..'. Mar. 131St. Loula ..April S
New Tork Mar. 20 New Tork.....-Aprtl »
Vaderland Mar. 2.'i Vaderland .....April U
RED STAR LINK
New York, and Antwara,
From New Tork Every Wednesday. U Wooa.
Westernland ...Mar. 13 Friesland AprU 1
Kensington ....Mar. 20 Scuthwark ....April W
Noordland Mar. 27 We«ternland ..April 17
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TATLOR. Ceneral Agent.
' Paciflo Coast. SO Montgomery at.
PANAMA R.R. 'ffigS
To NEW YPRK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. 91OR: Steerace. '
5. S. St. Panl sails Thttrsday, Mar. 7.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Iffar. 23.
S. S. Roanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
Fmm wharf, foot of Lombard St.. it I p.m.
Freleht and passetifrer offle*. 3SO Market st:
F. F. CONNOR. Pactflc Coast Aseat.
0CC8B5tS^.C0J»"" c -""5
VVVmiflVV«V»VV» DUECT USE TO TAHITI.
S3 EIKRRA. for Honolulu, Same*. New
Zealand and Australia
Thursday. March 7. 2 p. m.
SS. "AUSTRALIA^ for Tahiti.... ............
; ; Wednesday. March 13, 4 p*. raw
S3 "MARIPOSA (Honolulu only) .—^.
'T. Saturday. March W, 1 p. av
I D.SKEL3 k ERGS. CO., General AgvtSs, 327 H artst St
Baa'l PaaMger C^a, 643 H3ftet SL, rhr 8a. T, TsbSs It •
PACIFIC STS1X NAVIQATION CO. A2T0
C0a?ANIA 9DD AMERICANA SB T1P0RI3
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
aad South American ports. Sailing:
SS. COLOMBIA, March «. 1901
SS TUCAPEL March 20, 1901
F9. AREQUtffA April 4. 1901
9S. LTMARI April 17. MCX
At 13 m. from Section X Seawall.
These steamera are built expresaly tor Central
and South American passenjrer aerrlce. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
pasaenrer office. SIS California street.
" BALFOUR. GUTIIRIE & CO.. Ag*nta,
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Servlca.
PLTMOUTH— CHERBOUR(5— HAMBCTIO.
•A. Victoria Apl. tl ! Columbia May »
Dentachland ApL 13>F, Bismarck May •
TwIn-Screw Possenger Service.
PLTMOUTH-CIIERBOURG-HAMBTniGw
Patricia Mar. 3'*BatavIa Mar. 3
Waldersee Mar. W Pennsyrranla ..Mar. i»
•Sails to Hamburg direct.
rJambura-Amerlcarj Line, 3T B'way. N. Y,
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Paciflo
Coayt. idl California street. •
COilPAQHIS GSirESALE TXA73ATLAHTIQ0X.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3. .
Sailing every Thurriay. lnstea.l of irg*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier A2. -«WH1*
North River, foot of Morton etreet. Ftnt-claaa
to Havre. KS and upward. Second clasa to
Havre ' 143 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 33
nrc&tlway^/Hudso" bulMing). New Tork. J.
F. FUUAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, i
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tlcketa
noM by all 'Railroad Ticket A trent a.
BAY A1TD BIVEB,' STEAMERS.
FCR U;T. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "^prtttceilo."
HON., Tuet"., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at t*43
a. m.. 3:15, »:»> p. m. (ex. Thursday night): Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:20 a. m., i
p. r.i. Landing and office. Mission-street DocX.
i Pier .No. 2. Tsiffchoae Mala 1304.ALAMEDA NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES BERKELEY
MRS. F. P. CHURCH. APPOINT
ED AS POSTMISTRESS AT SAN
LEANDRO.
OAKLAND. March 4.— After a per
sonal visit to the Executive Man
sion at Washington and a confer
ence with her intimate friends,
the President and Mrs. MeKlnley,
Mrs. F. P. Church s;nds word that she
has been victorious in her .contest for the
position of postmistress at San Leandro.
It was a fight between a \^oman and the
politicians, and the woman, won. To-day
the news came over the telegraph witcs
from Mrs. Church to Chester Floyd. h«er
intimate friend, who at once began ar
rangements for the <nstallation of the
suburban town's new postmistress.
The announcement ends a struggle
which has been prolonged for a year. It
has been carried on at home and In Wash
ington, and both county and Federal offi
cials have been drawn into the battle for
the plum which has been plucked by this
up-to-date, twentieth century woman.
A year ago the 'te.rm of the in
cumbent, William M. Mariante, expired,
but the postmaster had Influence that,
aided by tne contests of other candidates
for the position, held him in office.
There were two avowed candidates to
succeed Mariante.- ¦ rhtrse were John W.
Haas and O. J. Lynch, both Republicans
The «ky is most cheerful when bluest;
but it is different with men.
A new bridge Is about to be built across
the Bosphorus, bearing the name of th<j
Sultan. Abdul Hamld. It will be con
structed of granite and metal by the Bos
phorus Railway Company, which desires
a Junction between the railways of Eu
rope, and the trans-Asiatic - railway of
Bagdad,, now being built by the Germans.
The narrowest dividing line of sea ha3
been chosen for the »oint of connection.
A military bridge erected by a Corinthian
long before the Christian era once spanned
these 600 yards of water at the same spot
and over it, in 513 B C. marched King Da
rius and his 800,000 Persian braves dur
ing his campaign against the Scythians.
Ix>rd Byron, Impatient - of bridges, as of
many things, swam the flood. The new
bridge is to be erected on lasting lines.
Massive granite pillars are to be built and
these will support the steel cables* on
which the bridge depends. — Pittsburjj 1
Press. RHiPVVtoBKHBJ
Bridging the Bosphorus.
The annual meeting and election of offi
cers of the California Cricket Association
was held at- the Occidental Hotel last
night. The following officers were elected:
• Edward " Brown. : president : . Captain J. ' Met- :
calfe, R. B. Ho»ue. W. 8. McQavln, H. V.
Keeling and J. F. Coope, vice president! ; Ar
thur Inkeraley, Becretary . and treasurer.
A' communication wan. read from tho
secretary of tho Sacramento Cricket Club,
asking that the committee appointed to
prepare 'a schedule of ¦ matches for \ 1901
reserve -dates for games between ¦ ,tho
cricketers of Sari Francisco and. those of
the capital city. • It was decided. that the
committee i to prepare > the schedule of
matches for the coming season consist' of
H.C.Casldy of the Pacific: Cricket Club
and v a • delegate of r the ¦ Alameda Cricket
Club,- to 'be appointed 'by ; President j Ed
ward Brown.', A ; committee was appointed
to audit the accounts ol the treasurer, fo/
the last .year. The next ¦ meeting j of * the
association will be held I on I Monday even
ing-, March 18. .- __
of-THis City.
Sacramento ¦ Lovers of British Game
Wish for. Matches With Players
CRICKETERS HOLD , ANNUAL
MEETING 'AND ELECTION
¦A writ of mandate wa« Issued by Judge
Murasky yesterday directing the Board
of Education to reinstate Mrs. Mary
Mead Morrissey as a principal in the
School Department. At the time of the
consolidation of classes in the John Swett
Evening "School ; an order was made by
the Board of Education retiring Mrs. Mor
rissey. She forthwith filed a petition for
a writ of mandate, asserting that she had
not been legally removed and that legal
cause for her removal did not exist. In
Its answer the Board of Education, among
other points of defense, contended that,
as Mrs. Morrissey 'had been married dur
ing her Incumbency, she had violated tho
rules of the board, - and for . this reason.
If no other, her retirement, was valid, r
¦ In his opinion Judge Murasky sustains
the position heretofore taken by other
Judges of the- Superior Court, holding 1
that a teacher has a legal right to marry
and that such marriage does not furnish
legal grounds for i the retirement of a
teacher.. The court also holds that no
other legal ground ¦-; for Mrs. . Morrissey's
retirement* exists, and hence orders the
writ of mandate to issue as prayed for.
ORDERS REINSTATEMENT
OF MARY M. MORRISSEY
Judge Murasky Holds That Her Re
tirement by Board of Education
Was Illegal.
Statistics are now available showing the
Importations of beef Into Great Britain
during the year 11*X» and the average
prices in that market. The importations
of live cattle from the United States were
37) 20S, against 144,925 from all other coun
tries. The total weight of Australian.
\> w Zealand and River Plata (frozen)
beef United States and Canadian (chilled*
beef and Continental (fresh killed) beef
imported into Great Britain during 1900 is
given in Weddel & Co.'e review of the
frozen meat trade as follows:
Cwts.
Queensland •-• 365,690
New S. Wales and Victoria 29.292
New Zealand
River Plata y -ili-ISf
United States ' 2 - SC H?!
Canada «2*SiS '
Continent « 9 -> 68
Total 4,128,310
A growing ehortajje in the number of
beef cattle both in Great Britain and the
United States and the unusual demand
for army supplies in the Philippines and
South Africa have contributed to main
tain prices throughout the year. Not
¦¦ -r.-ithfitanding: these conditions the price
T Tor English home grown beef has ranged
" from 11 to 13% cents per pound. The aver
age price obtained for American beef
(hind quarters) has been about 11 cents
per pound. Frozen Australian beef aver
aged about cents per pound.— St. Louis
Republic
British Beef Trade.
of China Basin.
A joint meeting of the trustees and di
rectors of the various commercial bodies
of San Francisco, called for the purpose
of recommending a candidate for the po
sition of Consul General at Hongkong,
was held yesterday morning at the Cham
ber of Commerce. President Newhall
stated the purpose of the meeting, but, as
information had been received that the
Senate had in the meantime confirmed
the appointment of William A. Rublee of
Milwaukee for the position, an expression"
of opinion wns asked.
On motion of President Sbarboro of the
Manufacturers* and Producers' Association
it was resolved that the meeting heartily
concurs in the action of President Mc-
Kinley in appointing Mr. Rublee. and that
a committee be appointed to welcome the
successful candidate upon his arrival In
this city, to assure him of the good-will
of the commercial bodies of. this city and
to tender him a banauet.
The meeting also adopted the following
resolution in regard to the lease of China
Basin, anfl copies will be sent • to each
member of the State Legislature:
That we agrara remiivd the members of the
r*Kl*lature of the fact that if the lease to
the Fanta Fe Railway Company is not con
firmed it will prolong indefinitely the improve
ra*nt of our harbor, ..besides being a hardship
to our chipping interests and deprive thousands
of laborers from obtaining employment.
INDORSE APPOINTMENT
OP CONSUL W. A. RUBLEE
Commercial Bodies Also Again Urge
Legislature to Ratify Lease
During the next six weeks the following
Infantry regiments are expected to arrive
here for muster out: Twenty-seventh,
Thirtieth. Thirty-third and Thlrty-fourfh
already en route, and the Twenty-sixth.
Twenty-eighth. Twenty-ninth. Thirty
second and Thirty-fifth, which are . due
to leave Manilla as the transports become
available. The regiments are so depleted
In numbers that the army transport* can.
without difficulty, carry two regiments at
a Thomas W. Shields, corporal of tha
Twenty-seventh Coast Artillery, died yes
terday at the General Hospital.
The Presidio- presented quite a lively
aspect since the return of the- volunteers
commenced. Occupying the upper portion
of the Model Camp are the men of the
Eleventh Cavalry and Thirty-sixth In
fantry, while the lower part Is given up
to the men of the' Twenty-eighth Infan
try, who are being drilled assiduously
every day to put them in trim to take the
places of the returning volunteers. Al
though the First Battalion of the Twenty
eighth has been organizes but a short
while,, the recruits composing the com
mand have shown a remarkable improve
ment under the tutelage of Lieutenants
Rethers and Wolfe.
Preparations Being Made for
Reception of Others.
CAMPS AT THE PRESIDIO
PRESENT LJVEIiY ASPECT
Two Regiments Awaiting Muster and
. Mr. ' Fitzpatrick then made a plea for
an open- session, saying that the previous
action of the board was taken from a
moral standpoint. Ap the.board, by pass
ing the ordinance, had legalized and legit-;
imatized horse racing,' he could not see
why the board should so limit the season
as to make it unprofitable to the racing
association. He asserted that the Tan
fcran people had been given no notice of
the contemplated action of the board, but
that the board, when it first granted them
a license under an ordinance -permitting
unlimited racing, invited them to' come to
this county and make valuable and per
manent Improvements. To now reduce the
number .of racing days to thirty-five In
each year, he said, would be nothing more
than a confiscation of the association,^
property. The speaker then dwelt more
fully upon the petition before the -board,
saying that it would be impossible to pro
cure 600 more representative men than
had signed the present petition. He called,
the attention of the board to > the - report
of the recent : Grand Jury, whh:h favored
the \TanfOran people on • account of : tne
money they would spend in the county In
the way of labor/supplies and taxes..
Rev. J. J.- Martin replied to Mr. Fitz
patrick. He said he was opposed to horse
Pleads for Continuous Racing.
The effect of the ordinance Is that there
is now no limit to the racing season: that
the San PYancisco Jockey Club may now
continue its races 365 days in the year
without fear of molestation. •
The attitude of the Supervisors was
made clear before a vote on the ordinance
was taken. Their action on the petition
dandled all doubt. Supervisors McEvoy
and McCormick stood by their former ac
tion- Supervisors Eikcrenkotter and Colt
man adhered to theirs; Supervisor De
benedetti. on whom the fate of the ordi
nance depended, and who voted on Janu
arv 21 for a limited season, voted for tno
oruinance. and the victory was won by the
T E n x-°j r udVE P f/ Fitzpatrick appeared be
fore the board this afternoon and precip'.
tatcd the discussion by asking that deiin
ite action be taken upon the petition fllAd
at the last meeting. He asserted that it
was unfair to the petitioners to kill tho
petition' by merely ordering It filed with
out either granting or denying the prayer
thereof, and contended that the COO repre
sentative men whose names wero attached
to the petition were entitled to some con
sideration at the hands of the board.
Supervisor DebenedeHi-. agreed with Mr.
Fitzpatrick. He said he did . not J>elievo
Mr Eikerenkotter knew what he. was do
ing when he made the motion to receive
and file the petition. He deemed it. the
duty of the board to recall it and ac
definitely upon It.
No Limit on Racing.
REDWOOD CITY. March 4.— By a vote
of 3 to 2 the San Mateo County Board o£
Supervisors this afternoon repealed ord 1 
nance No. 168, which limited racing In this
county to thirty-five days in each year.
When the board convened the petition
asking for the repeal of the ordinance
was resurrected. This petition had been
received and placed on file at the last,
meeting upon motion of Supervisor Elker
enkotter. Klkerenkotter did not intend
that his motion should have this effect,
believing that his motion meant that the
prayer of the petitioners be granted. Ho
rectified his mistake to-day by moving
that -the petition be recalled. This mo
tion was adopted by a bare majority vote.
Eikercnkotter then presented an ordi
nance repealing ordinance No. 163, passe-1
by the board on January 21 last, whcih
limited the racing season to thirty-live
days in each year, the season to com
mence on February 5. The roll was called
on this ordinance, Supervisors Eikeren
kotter, Coleman and Debenedetti voting
for its passage, and Supervisors McEvoy
and McCormick voting against It.
When the bill came up for a vote Comte
moved to strike out the enacting clause,
the effect of which would have been to
nullify its provisions. The motion was
seconded by Connor, but It was lost—
Booth, Connor, Comte, Curtly, Dwyer and
Wilsort voting in favor ¦ And . Boxton,
Brandenstein, Braunhart,* D'Ancona. Fon
tana, Hotaling. Jennings, McCarthy, San
derson, Stafford and Tobin against. -•
H. A. Fisk. superintendent of the Peo
ple's Palace Mission, and a member of the
committee of the Law and Order. League
which was In attendance at the meeting,
asked the privilege of being heard, and
Tobln generously agTeed to grant him
five minutes." .-;'¦""
"I am here to protest against the pas
sage of this ordinance," said Mr. Fisk,
"in the .interest of the moral and law
abiding interests. Every principle of
morals and good government Is opposed
to its -passage. It is the entering wedge
which will throw wide open the selling of
pools. .It has been said that there are
already -two race tracks and one more
will: do no harm. Because two mad dogs
are preying ' upon the inhabitants Is - no
reason ,why a ; third should be let loose.
I desire ; to urje that this is class legis
lation in the interest of certain moneyed
men, and a privilege denied to others who
have an * equal right to it.; It ; is opposed
to the ! express will - of the people at the
last election. : It- Is opposed to the "refer
endum" ' provided In the 1 charter. , An ap
peal has .- been made on ; behalf , of the
horseshoers and haymen and I appeal . on
behalf of 'the ; mothers and sons of ' the
horseshoers and , haymen : and in •; their
name • I protest ¦ against it. It la not in
order to question ' the names ¦' on • the peti
tion . to open Ingleside, but; I ; learn ; that
three prominent men. whose names are on
the petition did ' not sign ¦", it. ' One man
has been active in the committee in trying
to defeat the bill. Such men as the presi
dent ;i of the ? Chamber ' of • Commerce ; and
the president :¦ of - the New . York * Life ; In
suranee Company protest against It. The
last protest ¦!- n.ake is t»iat it is a moral
The ordinance will not become a law
until the Mayor has affixed his signature
to it. When asked yesterday what his
course would .be his Honor replied that
he would consider the matter in thA or
dinary routine of his official business
within the next ten days. That Tobin
was sure of the necessary votes was ap
parent when' he asked for a postponement
on the measure two weeks ago. On that
occasion Hotaling and Sanderson were ab
sent, which would have defeated the or
dinance, as it would nave received only
nine votes. For awhile yesterday it
looked as though final passage would bo
deferred for another week, as Fortana
and D'Ancona, who voted in its favor, did
not come in until the meeting was well
advanced. -: •,
Just before the voting Tobin, the author
of the bill, made the statement that he
desired to assume . all the responsibility
for the adoption of the ordinance which
legalizes the terrible vice of gambling
within the precincts of a race track, -lie
further stated that he did not 'ntend ever
to shirk the responsibility for me opening
of Ingleside. In other words, Tobln takes
upon himself the shouldering of all blame
in the matter of suicides, murders, defal
cations,'robberies and the lone train of
other evils incident to the operations of
the-race track gambling Interests. Tobln's
shoulders may be broad, but it is a fear
ful responsibility for one man to assume,
and no one will care to share it with him.
The ordinance permitting horse racins
to be carried on for a period of thirty-six
days in each year and making it lawful
to gamble thereon within the track in
closure was finally passed by the Board
of Supervisors yesterday. The vote on
the measure was the same as when it
was passed to print at last Monday's
meeting, with the exception ' that Reed's
absence reduced the number against it
from seven to six.
W. J. Martin, R. H. Thornton and ex-
Supervisor H. Q. Tilton spoke In favor of
a repeal of the ordinance. Supervisor De
benedetti said that he had been "pestered
to death" ever since the passage of the
ordinance by his % constituents and other
representative men of the county. He
thought the. great majority of the peopl.-j
of the county favored a repeal of the pres
qnt law, and that as he was only the rep
resentative of the people, he should be
guided in his actions by the popular wish.
He desired it to be understood, however,
that he was opposed to an unlimited sea
son, but he believed the length of the sea
son could be considered hereafter. ihe
board had taken action too hastily and
without due consideration, and he would,
therefore, vote to grant the prayer of the
petition and to repeal the ordinance.
Chairman McEvoy said that the Tan
foran people had been given every oppor
tunity to be 'present at the meetings of
the board and protest against the ordi
nance, and had had ample opportunity to
present data for the consideration of the
board before the I ordinance was acted
upon. If he had to do It over again, the
chairman declared, he would not allow the
racing association a single day. Like De
benedetti, he had been beset by friends
of the Tanforan people, but he considered
he had done right when he voted for a
thirty-five day limit, and would not now
recede from his position.
Supervisor McCormick. on roll call,
voted no on the repeal, and expressed
himself as unalterably opposed to unlim
ited racing. '"' : '
As It now stands, the ordinance passed
to-day will hot go into effect until the 19th
of this, month, and the racing season un
der the thirty-five day ordinance will end
on March 12. If races be run a± Tanforan
after the 12th and before the 19tn it will be
in violation of the law. -X>
Debenedetti Explains.
racing on principle and was in favor of
abolishing the sport altogether as it was
conducted, but if it could not be stopped
entirely, it should at least be regulated in
the manner In which ordinance No. 16$
regulated it. Mr. Martin made a bitter
attack upon the report of the Grand Jury,
declaring that the Grand Jury had usurp
ed functions which did not belong to that
bedy when it brought in such a report.
The Grand Jury's jurisdiction, he eald,
was confined to an examination of the af
fairs of the public officials of the county
and to the finding of indictments against
persons violating thelaws. and not to the
encouragement of gambling and other
forms of crime which followed in the wake
of a racetrack.
VOTE TO REOPEN INGLESIDE TRACK
WHILE ACTION LIMITING SEASON
AT TANFORAN COURSE IS RESCINDED
Life diplomas for the grammar grade
were asked for Miss Kate R. Paxton,
Miss Martha Cajvert. Miss alary G. Coyle
and Miss Hose Cohen.
Miss I^ouise H. Koch. Mies Louise C. Nep
pert Miss Gertrude J. Cohen, Mies May H.
I>anic«.n Miss Martha H. Ritchie, Miss Julia
M. Neppert, Miss H. 'E. McLane, Miss Sophi-i
Athearn.
Primary grade certificates were recom
mended to be renewed for a period of two
years to Miss K. Laird, Miss E. M. Gog
gin. Miss A. F. Hurley and Miss M. K.
Gavigan, and educational diplomas for
the grammar grade were recommended
for the following:
Miss I^otta Bean. Miss M. S. Galloway, Miss
M E. Doyle, Miss S. F. Goss. MIjs Veronica
Harrold. Mil's Rose Cohen. Miss H. E. Me-
I>ene. MIfb Florence B. Morrison. Miss A. M.
Harrigan. MIsb Eva McKee, Miss Clara B.
Bailey. Miss Margaret I. Crowloy. Mil's Marie
Ruef. Miss Mary G. Coyle, Miss E. J. Onyon,
Mise M. S. Pa^e. Mis* H. E. Maicuire, Miss
J E HaalburK, Miss Cora Hart, Miss I. B.
French. Mlns n. V. Clalborne, Miss Rose Bou
kofeky. Miss E. L. Roberts, Miss L. B.
ONel'l.
At its meeting yesterday the city Board
of School Examiners made many recom
mendations for teachers' certificates to
the Board of Education. Among them
were: Grammar certificates to Miss H. L.
"Wooll and Mrs. L.. K. Goold, on their
diplomas, and the same to the following
persons for a period of six years:
of Education.
School Examiners Announce Their
Recommendations to the Board
MANY TEACHERS GET
NEW CERTIFICATES
Tfc* exhibition committee believes that the
-rrriroFed exhibition of the "Industrial Arta of
California" will pive publicity to the work of
Inflivlijuald. Ar.d will n«-rve a« "means toward
obtaining a standard" and of crystallizing the
con<1!ticn« of art growth in the State.
All article* exhibited must hfcve been made
In California, within five year*.
Application for spate should be made
lmmediatelv to the "I'.iairman Exhibition
Committee of the California Club." Y.
C A- building, corncj Mason and Eliis
streets. The exhibition will open April 10.
• • •
One of the local galleries has this week
a beautiful exhibition of Van Dyck re
productions by Braun. These exhibit to
an astonishing extent the quality of the
r,ri*rin8lfr, and are indeed marvels of the
photographic art. Noble knight and gen
tle dame, in all the exquisite aristocracy
of this most aristocratic of all painterB,
are here to be seen, in the midst of their
V-elaced and b^ribbonc-'l bravery. Next to
Fprlr.i? the pictures themselves, a Braun
photograph gives most nearly the same
pleasure.
In another jsallery an Interesting pk
ture show is made by Theodore Wores
prior to his departure for Honolulu. There
ere -many of his popular Japanese sub
jects here to be eeen.
•¦;¦•¦:• •
Francis McComas, the Australian paint
er, has returned to Cal'fornia after a visit
to the Antipodes.
Description.
The California Club announces a second
Industrial and allied arts exhibition to be
held at the Mechanics' Pavilion durin?
the coming month. The very interesting
and varied exhibition vhich was mad? at
The initial attempt of Ihc California Club
ladies in this direction leads them to hope
far a yet more successful and useful af
fair this year. The exhibition, as wirh
the !ast one in 1899. filll include a very
varied' list of objects .-hown. From ma;.
6tine and rfwt-pap<r i. lustration to burnt
Jcathcr work, from the dainty filigree of
r.ative "Spanish work'" tS the rartr speci
men* of home-made pottery, from Indian
baskets to California -made books, every
thing is welcome, and the variety and ex
tent of our home manuiactures are seen
to he unexpectedly larga when they are
Lhua gathered together.
The object of the exh.bition is thus Elat
ed in the circular of invitation to exhib
itors:
The cbjTt r>f thi* ?xhib!tion I* to brini? ar
tlclee toK-'ther for pun***-* of appreciation and
comparison. Tchlch thow a. union of utility and
*rt. Th* desire 1* rtrorsrly felt by all inter
fM«-fl to bring about conditions that will "help
to unite the artist and tho artisan, bo often
v.idfly **parat*d by the industrial conditions
Wili. Include a Varied Collection of
Work cf Almost Every
CALIFOENIA CLUB TO GIVE
ANOTHER ART EXHIBITION
OAKLAND. March 4— Edward Belle-
Oudry. the photographer, has defaulted
in the divorce suit r<--cently bejrun by his
wifo, Mrs. M. <iertrude Belle-Oudry.
Lets Suit Go by Default.
ALAMEDA, March 4.— The "City Re
publican" convention completed its munic
ipal ticket to-ni^M by nominating the fol
lowing for election to -the office of Library
Trustee: P. W. ISartcn, George H. Mas
tick. A. O. Gott, H. M. Whoolley and J.
B. Vosburgh. There were twenty-one
delegates present.
Completes Its Ticket.
OAKLAND. March 4.— The funeral of
the late Dr. Jonas C Raymond, an aged
physician who rii«vi yesterday, will be
held to-morrow afternoon from his late
residence. G6S Sixteenth street. Dr. Ray
mond was 77 years of age. He had re
sided in Oakland for twenty-three years.
Aged Physician's Death.
OAKLAND. March 4.— Albert J. Wxrd.
a railioad fireman, living at 91? Pine
street, while confined in the City Prison
on a petty larceny charge, became vio
lently insane. He whs examined by the
Lunacy Commissioners at the Receiving
Hospital this afternonn and recommended
for commitment to l_"kiah.
Becomes Insane in Jail.
OAKLAND. March 4.— The funeral of
Rev. Hiram T. Curl, a retired Methodist
clergyman and a vetera-n of the civil war.
was held this morning from the Chester-
Methodist Church. Among the par
ticipants were Rev. M. H. Alexander.
Chaplain Potter. U. S. A.,- Rev. James
Williams of Vallejo and Rev. A. T.
Needham.
Funeral of a Clergyman.
wrong, and In the words of Daniel O'Con
nell:
" 'Whatever is morally wrong is politi
cally wrong and can never be made politi
cally right.' " * .
"The protest against the opening of
Ingleside presented last Monday," said
Rev. Dr. F. Doane, "contained nearly 4000
names. Mothers and sisters signed that
petition. I believe that 'the hand that
rocks the cradle is the hand that rules
the world.* It is the object of good gov
ernment to make it as easy as - possible
to do right and as hard as possible to do
wrong. The seven Supervisors who have
voted against the bill have a constituency
as. well as the eleven who voted for it.
My plea is for the. motherhood of our
community. God grant that the vice of
gambling may be blotted out by keeping
Ingleside closed forever."
"If- this bill added one minute -to the
racing season in San Francisco," said
Tobln. "I would vote against it. It does
not afford any additional facility to that
now enjoyed by the racing public. That
is a complete answer to all that has been
advanced against the bill. I assume en
tire responsibility for It and I shall not
shirk it now or hereafter. I alone am re
sponsible for the introduction of the bill
and nobody was aware that I was going
to Introduce it."
Assault.
OAKLAND, March 4.— The police have
under investigation Edmund Burke. Mar
tin Rider and John Hagan, arrested Sat
urday night for drunkenness but accused
by Henry H. Henderson, residing at 2034
Broadway, of much more serious offensea.
According to Henderson's statement to
Prosecuting Attorney Leach in the Police
Court, one of the men, supposed -to be
Hogan. called at the Henderson residence
Saturday evening and grabbed Miss Jes
sie Henderson, 14 years old. when she re
sponded to the doorbell call. The girl's
screams attracted her father, who kicked
the assailant downstairs. The visitor re
treated and then suddenly turned upon
Henderson with a knife. The weapon
wielder was disarmed and held until the
police arrived.
Burke and Rider appeared on the scene
to ascertain what had become of their
companion. They were also arrested. /
Upon this report Police Judge Smith
raised the bail of the men, who had
pleaded guilty -to the minor charge, and
continued the cases until to-morrow for
sentence. Meranwhile the police will have
made their investigations for decision as
to further prosecution.
Arrests for Drunkenness Lead to the
Disclosure of an Alleged
ATTACKS YOUNG GIRL
. . AND WIELDS KNIFE
ALAMEDA. March 4.— The Social
Democratic party has nominated the fol
lowing municipal ticket. Trustees. R. A.
Dague, J. W. Powell: School Directors, E.
A. Allen. Dr. A. J. Howe; City Clerk, A.
A. Crockett; Treasurer, J. R. Blake; As
sessor. G. \V. Townsend; Recorder, W,
Wagner. No nominations were made for
City Attorney, Marshal or Library
Trustees.
Social I>emocrats' Ticket.
TRIES TO LEAP
FROM A BRIDGE
Joseph Bums Saves Ysung
Girl Bent Upon Her Own
Destruction.
Pleads to Be Allowed to Die After
Expressman Has Dragged
Her Back to
Safety.
ALAMEDA. March 4.— By the timely in
terference of Joseph Burns, an express
man Jn the employ of the People's Express
Company, an unknown girl, bent .on sui
cide, ¦was prevented from carrying out her
Intention Saturday evening last. Just as
the girl wad about to leap from the Web
ster-street bridge into the waters of the
Oakland estuary Burns . srabbed and
pulled her back to safety.
"As I was driving across the bridge on
my way to Alameda about 6 o'clock Satui -
day evening," said Expressman Bnrns to
day, "I noticed a young g'rl walking alonij
ahead of me and dragging by the hand a
little boy. I could see that she was some
what agitated and drove faster to catch
up and see what was tb* matter. When
1 got opposite the girl I saw that she wai
crying and 1 could hear her say to the
little fellow. 'Tell them what I've done
and where I'm going.'
"I kept my eye on the couple and laid
my whip down, as I had a suspicion that,
she meant to rto away with herself. PreUy
soon, quick as a Hash. I saw the girl leave
the boy and start to climb up the fou*
foot fence. I lost no time in running to
her. She had almost succeeded in getting
over when I reached her. Catching her
by the skirt, I dragged her back to tho
bridge again. She pleaded with me to
let her go. 'Let me die, let me die; I don't
want to live.' she kept saying.
"After I had succeeded in pacifying tho
girl I turned her ever to a young man
who had come up while we were talking.
It seems he knew her. He said he woultl
take care of her and that was the last I
saw of her."
Burns describes the girl as of Portu
guese extraction and very pretty. Sh*
may have been IS or 20 years of age. The
clothing wa3 neat and consisted of a white
shirtwaist, a black cloth skirt and a black
hat.
PROFESSOR LE CONTE
RETURNS FROM EASE
Committee From Student Body Pre
sents Him With Tokens of
Esteem and Love.
BERKELEY. March 4.— Professor and
Mrs. Joseph Le Conte arrived at their
home. on Bushnell place yesterday noon
after a. six months' Eastern trip. They
passed practically all of their time while
East with their daughter In Georgia.
Both- returned in excellent health after
their long Journey.
Two beautiful pictures, after Rem
brandt, were presented to Professor L«
Conte last evening by a "committee from
the students. The pictures were the gifts
of the student body as a whole and were
originally purchased for him as birthday
presents. As Profes?or Le Conte was
East on the anniversary of his birthday
the presentation was delayed until his re-
The student committee In charge of tho
gifts consisted of Ralph Gibbs, chairman;
Miss Muriel Eastman, Miss Una Fowler.
P. A. Slnsheimer and H. M. Leete.
Professor and Mrs. Le Conte orlglnally
contemplated a European trip, but their
plans were changed. Professor Le Conte
may make the journey this summer, but
he Is not fully decided.
Oakland Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. March 4.— Marriage li
censes were issued to-day at the County
Clerk's office *o the following persons:
John J. McCarthy. Oakland, aged 21. and'
Ellen Drennan. Oakland, aged IS; Pasqual
Ysunza. Berkeley, aged 34. and Mary
Gloria Oakland, aged 2S; James S. Smith.
San Francisco, aged 29, and Ora L. Ad
klns. San Francisco, aged 24; Henry
Stellpfli'g. San Francisco, aged 31. and
Mollio Silvera. San Francisco, aged 32:
James Hulse. San Francisco, aged 43. and
Emma Schling. San Francisco, aged 34:
Louise. M. King. Oakland, aged 23, and
Otto Wemmes, Oakland, aged 24.
Sudden Death of a Child.
BERKELEY. ' March 4.— Flora Mac-
Lean the 13-year-old daughter of John
MacLean. a carpenter residing on San
Pablo avenue near Grayson street, died
suddenly yesterday noon. The case waa
reported to Deputy Coroner Strelghtlf to
day and an inquest will be herd to-mor
row night. ¦¦- •¦¦-•¦¦¦
Dr. H. N. Rowell performed an autopsy
this morning -and found death due to
natural causes.
Sues for maintenance.
OAKLAND, March 4.— Mrs. Stella Rose
has begun an action for maintenance
against her husband. Manuel Rose, a sea
man. • She petitioned for an order re
straining her husband from turning her
out of their home and directing: him to
pay her costs and living during the trial
of the case. Judge Hall issued an order
allowing the wife 5120 cash down and $25
each month pending litigation.
Water Bate Case Continued.
OAKLAND, March 4.— The hearing ! of
the water rate case in tho Superior Court
was not resumed to-day as expected.
Last Tuesday the water company's at
torneys asked for an adjournment of two
days to' prepare their rebuttal. Judge
Hart gave them until to-day, but they
were still unready to proceed and the
case went over, until Thursday.
Proposed Alliance With England.
I? the United States and England ahould
form at- alliance, the combined strength would
be so rreat that there would be little chance
for enemies to overcome us. In a llke> manner
when men and women keep up their bodily
strength with Hostetter's Stomach Bitten,
there la little chance of attacks from dlseas*.
The old tlm* remedy enriches the blood, stead-.
ies the nerves, and increases the appetlta. Try
it for dyspepsia and indigestion.
According to Mr. Josselyn's statements
Cordes purchased the secret of a receipt
for a powerful explosive two yeais ago
(rom a. retired German army officer, who
for fome unexplained reason did not wish
to be connect e«! with the discovery. Aftor
<'orde» made his purchase he discovered
that nome ingredient was missing from
the formula, it having been left out either
r»y design or accident. When Cordes
looked around for his army officer he
found him gone. He left ostensibly for
Mexico, but Oordea was never able to get
into communication with him.
The man told Oordes that the explosive
xvould startle the world and revolutionize
warfare, eo Conic? set about to work out
the secret .of the missing ingredient. He
experimented with thousands of chemi
cals, spending- a fortune in that way. He
rejected the isolated Bfte near the tidal
canal, where <he explosion of Saturday
occurred, for !ns workshop.
**I think Mr. '"orde.- must have h'.t upon
the serret." said Mr. Jnsselyn this after
noon, "else whv should he be working at
Fuch unreasonable hour* as he is paid to
have worked? He went to his little plant
at 12 o'clock at right and stayed there till
5 o'clock in the- morning. He could not
have done that iinle^p he had some good
reason. Irately he has talked about his
pxperimoiits •even! times' at my office.
He once tried to get my father interested
in the explosive, but.be would not listen
to thp propojdtfawi onihecount of the miss-
Ing « L nr-nt. No doubt Mr. Cordt-s was
looking forward to tho time when he
could t-e\\ the tecret to the Government,
and in his hurry he neelocted to take pre
caution. It meant a fortune to hin; if he
tv&s Eccoessfttt."*
Mr. Josscljn Is positive that Cordes lost
his life through his peisistency in experi
menting with a high explosive which he
had set his heart on perfecting. He
worked early and late, sometimes not
quitting: till in the early morning hours.
Jn the face of repeated warnings from
his relatives and friends that it was dan
gerous and foolhardy the old man kept
en with his experiment*'. Only a week or
T«-n <lay« ago ho narrowly escaped having
Y.\t nrad blown off by the premature ex
plosion of the compound he was engaged
upon.
ALAMEDA. March 4. — A new theory as
to the cause of the explosion which ended
the life cf aged Herman Cordes last
Saturday is advanced by W. B. Josselyn
of San Francisco, a friend and former
neighbor of th<i old man when both re
elded-in the same block on High street.
W. B. Josselyn Positive Old Man
Was "Working on High Explo
sive When Death Over
took Him.
Cordes' Life the Penalty
of Experiments He
Persisted In.
HAS NEW THEORY
AS TO EXPLOSION
Two wills bequeathing the same prop
erty, those of the late K. B. Mastick and
of his wife, Mrs. Lucretia M. W. Mastick.
late of Alameda, were filed for prolate
to-day. Mrs. Mastick, on the death of
her husband, inherited all his property.
She retained nominal possession of it for
nine days, her husband dying on the 17th
of February and her own demise oc
curring on the 26th of the same month.
The value of the Mastick estate is esti
mated at about J2S0.000. By the terms of
Mrs. M.istick's will it Is left in trust to
George H. and Reuben W. Mastick and
Frank Otis, for themselves and the other
heirs Charles L... Edwin B., Seabury L.,
J \Y and Marv L. Mastick. Lucretia L.
Otis. Eliza T. M. Hyde and Lillian M.
Ellsworth.
All of Mrs. Mastick's Jewelry and house
hold furniture is left to Mary L. Mastick,
and Mr. Mastick's extensive law library
poes to his son and partner, George H.
Mastick. Aside from these bequests tho
property 1b to be converted into money
and paid to children, share and share
alike, the portion of a deceased son or
daughter to go to his or her issue.
The sum of J20.000 Is reserved, further,
to be invested for the benefit of Mary L.
Mastick so long as she remains single.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 4.
Mrs. E. B. Mastick of Alameda Leaves
Property of Late Lawyer to Their
Children Share and
Share Alike.
Wife Bequeaths Estate She
Possessed but Nine
Days.
HER WILL FILED
WITH HUSBAND'S
In the detention wavti of the Receiving
Hospital is confined a man of 35 years who
this morning tried to commit suicide by
throwing himself in front of a moving
Haywards electric car at Eighth and
Washington streets. The stranger, for
no one has identified 1:1m, was saved- by
the prompt action of the motorraan froin
being ground to death. The car wa*
stopped so quickly that the desperate man
was only slightly bruised, lie waa ar
rested and sent to the hospital to be held
for examination as to his sanltv.
To the attendants and all visitors who
sought information th<= patient was dumb.
Efforts to induce him to speak v/er* un
availing. He acted as one who did not
know what had occurroi or what was tak
ing place around him. The hospital at
taches were baffled hi their search ior
some means of identilication, as there was
nothing on the man's person to furnish
a trace in that direction.
The patient appeared as if he were In
a stupor, but the doctors could find no
symptoms nor evidence of any kind that
he had taken any dru? or poison. After
close watch for several hours they de
cided that their unknown guest was de
mented.
Clad In ordinary garb, the natient ap
peared to be a laborer, but that is all tha*.
could be gleaned from a personal inspec
tion of the silent occupant cf the ward.
The doctors are hopeful that before twen
ty-four hours have passed their strang"
patient will be able to talk. It was known
that he has not lost the power of speech,
because he said a few incoherent words
on the way to the hospital. The Lunacy
Commissioners wttl examine the case to-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, March 4.
At Detention Hospital the Unknown
Patient Resists All Attempts
to Induce Kim to
Unidentified Man Attempts
to End His L?fa on
the Street.
THROWS HIMSELF
IN FRONT OF CAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ TUESDAY, MARCH 5, 1901.
OAKLAND, March 4.— Rev. William H.
Scudder will be installed Thursday even
ing as pastor / of Park Congregational
Church, at Lorin. The installation ser
vices will be conducted by the following
clergymen: Rev. B. F. Sargent, Rev. R.
C. Brooks, Rev. W. W. Scudder Jr.. Rev.
J. K. McLean, : Rev. George B. Hatch,
Rev. George C. Adams, Rev. J. K. Harri
son " and Rev. F. B. Cherinerton. The
music is In charge of A. T. Sutherland.
To Install a New Pastor.
with a good following in the quarters
where Federal influence is supposed to
prevail. But there came a deadlock. It
appeared that Marian tc had a strong
yearning to succeed himself. Then Mrs.
Church appeared on' the scene. She had
resided quietly at San Leandro for sev
eral years since her retirement from the
superlntendency of the Beulah Home. Her
work among the sick at the county in
firmary kept her busily employed. She
remembered her old associations with the
President, and on th-» eve of his second
inauguration v Mrs. Cluirch arrived In
Washington prepared to make her appli
cation for the office for which the men
were contesting:. In her brief dispatch
she simply announces her victory. Her
friends - are 'awaiting the successful
woman's return to hear the story. Mr.
Floyd was in San Leandro to-day, where
he secured the fixtures and other details
for San Leaniro's postmistress as soon
as she shall arrive with her commission.
The office pays a salary of $1200 a year.
Mrs. F. P. Church Calls Upon Her- Old Friend, President
' McKinley, in Washington Secures the Coveted
Plum in Spite of Strong Political Influence Opposed to Her
WOMAN WINS THE LONG FIGHT
FOR SAN LEANDRO POSTOFFICE
11
Take time to sec that^Lr
the label bears the rf^SL
signature ia blue- >it^ifyjg
2ur£ you have^gjBiyy
the real JSM.^^HP-i
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK HJlUj^l
Best NATURAL Alkaline WatersTHE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY,' MARCH 5, 1901.
12
fAS FRAXCISCO CALL.
CTTSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
«~a!l. corner of Market nr.S Third streets; open
xintll 12 o'c!e<-k «very night In the year.
BRANCH OFFJCES— 527 Montgomery street,
ecrner Clay; open until 9:20 p. m.
TOO Hayes ctrect; op«n until »:S0 p. m.
rs.3 McAllister street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
C".S Larkin streot; cnea until 8:30 p. ra.
T?«l Mlfrion rtreet: open until 10 p. m.
TXl Market etrcet. corner Sixteenth; open
BBtfl 8 p. ra.
lOT. Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
iCCC Valcr-xia street ; open until J p.- ra.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
twAy street *: r.pen tir'11 9 p. m.
MEETINK NOTICES.
CALXFOBXIA Chipttr No. f>. VL A. M.. ¦
v.lil rr.f-rt THJS (TCE8DAT) EVEN-^\^
ING. Mar<-u o. at 7:30 o'clock. Stated j!LJ\
meeiinc. 1'. M. and M. E. SI. degrees. * ~ *
Py order ff the II. P.
KItANKLIN'H. PAT. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge. No. SO. F. and A. ft
I.:.— sra'.ed meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _i^-
EVENIXii «t 7.J0 oVIvk.
EDWIX L. METEH. Secret ary. * »
PACIFIC Lodge No. 1*6. V. and A. M.. a'
\1\ I'ddy tt.-Slatel n:eet!ng THIS^%
KVENINO 7:C'j o'clock. 7^J\
OEOliGK TRNLINGTON. Sec. / V '
ORIENTAL Lodge Xn. 144. F. and A. •
:!.-Ptated meeting THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING at S o'clock. >Vi\
A. £. HI.'BBAKD. Seerctcry. ' **
GOLDEN GATH fjo&r* No. 204. I. vsyyfi&te-
O. O F. — Officers a;.n :nor.ibfrs
you are recucsteJ ta attend the ~i>r5ASsf
meeting THIS (TUESDAY)
EVEMKQ. March 5. Business of great im-
portance will come before the lodsre.
W. A. HARVEY, N. G.
MiClIBKHS of Occidental Lodge ,5*4*51*^-
No. IT? I. C O. F . please attend ->/*,25!£^
i-egular meeting. March T, 1001. : rg>HfK?'
s.fc business of importance will be '"" k
before the lodge. L. SCHUTTE. P. G.
IV AX HOE Lodge No. E. K. of P.. will
cooler the Kr.ight Rar.k tLcng jW.
Fonii). WEDNESDAY, March 6. 1901. O^K*
at Pythian Ca«le. S^Vj Market st.. 4ss&
r.t S:30 p. m. Members- of sister lodges cor-
dially inx-lted. F. H. SHARON, C. C
O. NORCROSF. K. of H. and S.
CALIF* RNIA Council N v -- t^SDtSSS^^.
National Union, mefts
TO-NIGHT, Elks Kail. * "^-tt
f-utter Bt. Initiation, re-
frtfhjucrts arn] entertainment. Visitcra cor-
dially welcomed.
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President.
CHAS. II. VAN CRDEN. Secretary.
T15E regular Quarterly r..eei!rigr of the f.
.'-..=-. r.i. t; XJen<?vo!ent fck>ciety will be
held at their ha'.'., -i.: Putter ft., "ti Sfi&p?
WEDNESDAY EVENING. March 6, plggs
at 7:30 o'clock fhcrp. Business of im- v?
I'ortance. Fines f-jr iion-attendance ivill be
strictly ln^i-csed. I>y ord«r of
M. SCANATICH. President.
T5I-: "WITT "W. TOLL. Recording Secretary.
DIVISION No. 2. A. O. II.— The rej- jl^^ja,
ular menthly meeting of this division \ ¦ ¥
¦rlU be held tt Hi hem la Hall. Hi) C ' 'ff
Ninth tt.. on TUESDAY. March S. r^\J!t
MM. at 7:30 p. m. Committees hav-'S-***'
ir.g charge of the St. I'atricU's night an-
r.ual ball are expected to be present and
make reiv;rte. Pealed bids for ber privileK*
of ball will be received at this meeting:. All
members are re^u^ted tt» attend.
JOHN KENNY. President.
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
THC riO MICHOL PXEBER COMPAXT of
fan Francieco. Cal., wents int°llig«njt men to
art ss its aeents throughout tire United
States; must be men of character, address &
ptiFh. The company owns large properties, is
toi fif debt & in a thr>rouchly sound & flour-
ishing condition. It has a conquerable acre-
ep> already planted to rubber & has a large
force cf men constantly at work. It offers for
pale a limited number of interest bearing and
installment certificates. A comparatlvety
smnl! amiont inveyied now Tvill produce larjre
mid Fteafiily Ir.crea5ir.gr Income in near future.
The corporation invites closest invest iration.
Agent! snd interested persons apply Rio Ml-
rhcl HuMit Co.. r. '"¦S-C. •"nvkT bid?.. P. F.
V.ANTIJU— Ten experienced canvassers: salary:
['¦rmanptit i«o?itlon. Hoover Food Co.. 1*27
Market «.. room L
POLICITOPJ; for "A— 1" article; $3 to $4 day
easy. 11*7 Dolores et.. between 8 and 9 a. m.
SOLICITORS wanted: good pay; permanent.
Apply 12 to 1. room ZY.', Parrott building.
WANTED— Acents in earh city: frood money.
Pa^lf.o Cca?t M. Ar L. Co.. 400 5th. Oakland.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
r.o fe«- without f uof w f : collections. <J. W.
HOWE, atty at law. fcSO Market, cor. Stockton.
J. H. McKNIGHT. collections; damape*; es-
tates; mining; open even. 5?; Parrott bldg.
FRANK W. SMITH, mir.ir.s and probate law a
specialty. Mills, h\g.. r. 3. 4Jh flr.: tel. Red 3616.
ADVICE free: no cliarpe unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. BS Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Sprecke!* bid*.. S?7 Mar-
ket Ft.: oonsultation free: no fees in advance.
>. WEEK'S news for Z cents— The Weekly Call.
if. pares, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ASI'II M.Tl Jl HOOKING.
J. PELTIKH. asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 11S6 M:s<=ion: tel. Folsom 1607.
Jl!KTnOLO«V.
FORTUNE by planets or palmistry; also ladies'
nrii >re;i:s" sowing. l'C?H Market, nr. glxth.
tUCVCUKS Kop Sale or Exchange-
A CLEVELAND wheel | n good order for sale
ch'-ap. ctsa Natoma st.
nOAUDZ\G FOIt CHILDREN.
WANTED— By highly respectable couple, the
care cf child 2 to 4 years, long or short
period; tennis moderate: fine home and sunny
yard; object, companion for our own child
L-ifr v»gr<. lirT Q14. fall office.
BUSINESS CIIA.NCES.
A— J7E0: 6ALOON. clearing • JlZ* per month":
rent tV>: established many years; only day
business: location best In this city. Call K.
O. WILKE. 2C'i Kearny Et.
A— JTT^: CORNER grocers- ar.d bar. northern
psrt of city: death of owner cause of sale; a
pood business frr man and wife. Call it. Q
WILKE. :64 Kearr.y st.
A-?lCi.0; CORNER saloon, location Third and
MlFSion Fts. : rent SM; lease; corner can't oe
beat; about $1000 stock on hand; owner must
have operation performed, only cause of sale
R. G. WILKE. Sttt Kearny et.
A— S115S; SALOON, clcse to Montgomery et.:
place established X9 years; clearing at least
S2S0. per irenth; 5 furnished rooms included-
rent X&. Call It. C. WILKE. 26V» Kearr.y.
•A-JIOO; PORJC and delicacy store; rent $12 50;
rooi-paylng business; very best location;
owner to leave city. Call K, G. WILKE.
2C4 Kearny Ft.
A— 11150: CAFE and restaurant; elegantly fitted
up and <lolnjr a rushing business; located
clore to Powell and Market *ts. Call R. G.
WILKE, 2SH Kearny et.
A-J7K: HALF-INTEREST In flrst-clasn pay-
Ir.g restaurant; daily recelpta about 160; rent
f"5; retiring partner to leave for East; a.
bargain. Call It. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
•A-SiZ-5; CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
part Western Add.; clean store, fresh stock;
rood paying business: rent $32. Inquire R.
O. WILKE. 2C'^ Kearry st.
A— S800; CORNER butcher shop in northern
part of city: rent $20: horse, cart; selling 4
cattlo and about IS sheep per week; a cash
cufrtcm. Call R. G. WILKE. 2CH Xearny et.
AN unprecedented eacriflce; TS-roc-m brick ho-
ttl end furniture ; doirg Immense first-class
($2 a dsy) bt^lness; cost and worth $iO.OM:
offered Jor $10,500; has rented for $403; now
run by owner.
N D. FICKELS. the Land Agent. C Geary »t.
ron "5 ale.
A fine buFlne*«; ISCO cash income per month;
can bs largely Increased; out and Indoor
i.ctive business : will bear the closest inves-
tigation. AdJresa or call at 455 Seventh St..
tpp. Brcadway station, Oakland. H. Z.
JONES, lar.d ctrner.
1*00 CASH— A coraplete newrpaper plant, suit-
ebie for a country paper. A bargain. Write
f£T particular* to H. H. FARXIIAM, Mor-
UU1. CaL
FOR SALE— A eoc4 paying restaurant on the
city front; a good chance for man and wife
<>r a. cook. Addresa Box 20S4 Call office.
A — CM; PAKTNER warned; light business;
muKt be eatlsfled v,-!th flS to ?:5 a week; no
experience required. r5 Oeary St., rocm 1.
GROCERY stock, fixtures, 4 furnished rooms,
portable oven, soTificed-. Turk and Pierce »t«.
ron £a'*-Cirar store. J3J Third Bt.
FAMILY ETOctry and liquor Etore for tale at
Invoice. Box 2097 CaJI offir-e.
«"" KFEE riiloon for £ait, cbeap. Apply 1JS0
Turk f... near HUmor?.
fl£9(efPATCCq caloon; c-ntraliy located: rent
iSlr. five years' lease. •\VICHMA_N. UTGEX
Jc CO.. 11* «"l;iy Ft.
OLD Pitoblifheii gh'<e shop for sale; owner
leaving the city. »nx r^S5. Call ofllce.
BARGAIN— Stock and fixtures of millinery
etore at 22S Ninth; also household furniture.
riRST-CI.ASS ,«.iloon fcr sale; -centrally lo-
caic-d. Aprly bcx 20D3, Call orflct:. v -
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
{550 BOARDING house and saloon; center of
factory district; pood lunch and bar tra.de;
clears J1CK) mo.; suitable for man and wife;
good bargain. 9(8 Market St.. room 8.
tl'M— SALOON: elegant fixtures; cheap rent; 1
Hnuli from Palace Hotel; worth $1600; will
take part cash. 906 Market et.. room 8.
J700— OROCERT and bar r.c-ar city; bargain.
Mclaughlin & co.. :'i\i Market st.
S350— RESTAURANT north of Market St.; bar-
gain. Mclaughlin & co.. itva Market st.
$3jr — DELICACY, branch bakery and variet>
store. Mclaughlin & co., 77714 Market.
AN oiler— -Grocery and bar; ? years' lease;
IIS per month: $*5 to t35 cash *ales per day;
the owner leaving the city: caJl and ¦ Investi-
ca.te. Business Board of Trade, 326 Pine st.
DRUG store — Great bargain; well estab.; ¦will
positively sell to highest bidder next 3 days;
owner golrs: to Europe. Med. Hall, 136 Towell.
FOR SAL5 — Cigrar stand wljh- living room.
104 Montgomery ave.
AA-J4CV: grand opportunity for lady or gent.;
location perfect: clears, periodicals, notions.
Waitlnir-room. 7ZA ave. f>t8t!cn. K. Oakland.
ELECTRIC business for sale; long established;
K'Dod line of trade; parties going north. Box
;O43. Call c'Sce.
S3"tf— BAKERY and notions: estab. 14 years;
rent fl2: no agents: must sell. Corner "Twelfth
and Center sis.. Oakland. Cal.
J325-SALOON and 1 bedroom; bargain. WO
Commercial ft., second door from Kearny.
COAL oil and Gasoline business cheap; party
Coins to Alaska. £51 Washington st-, Oakland.
ti:;— RESTAURANT, with 2 furnished rooms;
rent $12. S. r .9 Howard st.
FOR Kale— A flrst-clf.Rs candy factory, ice
cream and lunch parlors of 7 years' standing,
in one of the best srold mining towns of Cal-
ifornia; pays well all year around; in sum-
¦ mcr $10 per day clear profit: annual receipts
J6000; larpe profits; fitted up in first-class
Ftyle: 2V, II. P. gas engine and 40-quart Mills
freezer; chance to do wholesale business; al-
ways carry larg-e stock : manufactures, its own
soda water; rent only J20 per month; best ref-
erences from all wholesale houses of San
Francisco and Sacramento; actual value of
fixture*, machinery, stock, etc., about $2700;
will tell for J1S00: owner wants to go to
Alaska on business and mining interests In
May. L. Demartinl Supply Co., 516 Front. S.F.
GOOD paylnp, old-established lumber business;
including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc.
H. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business office.
LARGE outside route (No. 10) for iale. Apply
at Call business office.
FOR sale — A steam laundry in the Sacramento
Valley doing a business from $100 to $150 per
week; no other laundry within 50 miles. Box
1C45. Call offlce.
STCX'K and fixtures of candy and stationery
store for sale cheap; no agents. 203 Polk st.
$30 WINS J300 per month at races; references
Piven. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
LARGE Inside route on this paper for sale.
Arply business office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.; telephone 1539.-
4S rooms, X. of Market, only S180O
16 rooms, Hyde, very finely furnished.... COO
20 rooms, rent $30. location desirable 900
18 rooms, a sunny corner, rent $72 50 900
St-room flat, new furniture, must sell 500
If a bargain we have them at any price
north or south of Market street.
W rooms, newly furnished, rent $15f> 3000
20 rooms. Van Ness, finely fur., extra 950
10 rooms, $450; 10 rooms, quick 350
A — 20 LIGHT sunny rooms, neat and clean;
family apartment house; big money maker;
fteady roomers; good beds, carpets and fur-
niture; rent only $.7>: price J9W. part cash;
desirable location. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Mkt.
16 ROOMS nicely furnished: all light; north of
Market: only $600. FISHER & CO.
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices:
J2000— Part cash for centrally located, newly
papered, painted and thoroughly renovated and
refurnished house of 33 rooms; has been twice
soM for $5000.
$730— ?0 rooms; all one floor; Geary Et. ; clean
$lix>: only $2jO cash required.
J200 cash for 11-room house: nicely furnished;
jr"o-l location: balance payments.
•600— For 22-room house on principal street;
clears $:5: «acrin>e<i for quick sale.
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay us you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. SM Market.
MARION GRIFFIN'.
719 Market St.. near Call bldg. Tel. Black 1S03.
14 rooms, bonton. finely furnished $SO0
S rooms. $1000. XW, $450, $325. $373 and.... 2*0
1ft rnoms. $55n. $4j0. $550. $350. $300, up to. 850
CO rooms, rent $135. hair mattresses, run-
ring water In each room: fine business. 3T.0O
46 nr.s., N. Mkt., central, full, a mint 1S00
I have a long list: all sizes; several city
hotels: Investigation solicited.
A— 22-ROOM house on principal street:
income $90: rent $33: housekeeping;
no work; must be soH on account
of Bteknera. Price $300 spot cash
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market Et.. near Call bldg.
LODGING-HOUSES— Sizes and prices to suit
all buyers: titles guaranteed; money loaned
buyers: before buying call.
G. XT' SCHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market St.. bet. 5th & 6th.
CALL and see our list of bargains In house*:
we have them in any part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 23
Sixth at.
J330— PARTLY furnished 14-room house on
giwi corner; large, sunny bay-window rooms:
all full; must sell this week. Box 2104, Call
offlce.
A SNAP— 9 rooms: oak furniture; 1 block from
Market st.; must be sold. Apply on premises,
lCg Taylor st.
J1800— r>; ROOMS; fine location: well furnished;
all rented; low rent. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
LODGING-HOUSE of 10 rooms for sale cheap.
440 Third it.
$S0O— MODERN houi"!, 18 rooms, good furniture:
always full: rent $44; barsrain. 834 Folsom «t.
O'FARRELL, 405^— House of « rooms; furni-
ture for sale: bargain: rent $22 60.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy. Prince Les-
ter, whose free test*, railing your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of
the one you will mnrry, for a short time;
the only medium in the world so sure of his
orcult power that, he will give every person
who comes prepared a wonderful free, test.
Call or write with stamps for answers. 13S2
Market St.. opposite Odd Fellows" Hall.
A— MRP. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, /business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant ; slt-
tings. $1. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
KARL EBERHARDT. spiritual test meeting
to-nlcht. Vir. I2T.0 Twenty-second St., bet.
Mission a^'l Valencia.
MRS. ELSIE RETNOLDS' materlalizlne ee-
ance Tuesday eve.. 1516 Market St.; 60- cents.
MRP. HA.RLAN*D'S test circle to-nteht: arti-
cles read 10c: sittings EOc. $1. 148 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
nlKht: 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.. Wo. 143 Sixth. 2d floor.
EARLE. Sf>5 Tayloi — Lest seance Sunday night.
Pythian Hall. 909 Market st. .
C. V. MILLER, trumpet seance, S p. m.. 60c
1CR4 Hush st.
EARLE. 3G5 Taylor St.. corner •Ellis— Sittings
daily: seance Tuesday and Thursday.
MRS* WEST, wonderful medium and healer*
readings dally. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
MKS. LOUISE "¦. DREW, Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer, room M. 305 Larkin st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. S35 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily; tests to all to-n!ght;10c.
CL.uaroYA.vrs.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THB FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St., next Examiner building:.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
20c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
LINCOLN— CLAIRVOYANT > " I
AND HIGH PSYCHIST.
He tell* your name, conditions, desires, hopes,
etc.. without asking a single question; cures
disease without medicine; shows, you how to
avoid bad luck and how to make yourself lucky
reunites the separated; makes harmony in your
hoTTie; Rives accurate advice on all business af-
fairs, in vestments, mining, oil, otc. ; readings
by pall: send stanp for terms, li'i Turk st.
1KMAR. the -Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
ralmlst. permanently located 114S Market, cp.
Ctli; private readings dally, in a. m. .to C pi m.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past.
1 resent. futurg;.2;e. 14S Slrth st.. room 14.
II ME. HCHAFFF.lt. clairvoyant, card reader;
gittlrigs dally. 4<S"4 Jessie st.. bet. 1th & 6th.
MRS. B. BAUMAN. the well-known fortune-
icllcr. hat removed to 222 Eddy st.
,^ ¦ .-.-'¦¦¦ "
Business" Manager S. F. Call—
Dear Sdr: It is with pleasure that I
express . my . appreciation of the value of
the classified advertising columns of your
paper. We have carried our advertisement
in the educational column every day for the
past 15 years, and find that we secure bet_.
ter returns from this investment than from
any other method of advertising.
Many of our best students have entered
this school as a direct result of our ad-
vertisement in The Call.
Very respectfully,.
Manager .
Dictated to C. 0 ' K. , Student .
•' ; '¦ =— -*
CtAIItVOTAXTS.
A— THE First Graduated Palmist Ever In San
Francisco.
PROFESSOR JOHNS.
The wcrld's greatest living palmist and clalr-.
voyant. can be consulted dally on all affairs of
life; h« advises you whether you will be suc-
cessful In business, mining or lawsuits, etc.;
Professor Johns is beyond the shadow of a
doubt the most scientific practicing palmist
and clairvoyant In the world to-day.
There Is no home so dreary or sad, no life
50 hard and blighted, - no heart so sad and
lonely, that cannot be set right and kept right
after a visit to this inspired prophet or modern
times; all long-standing and chronic diseases
that have baffled the physician's skill cur-d
without the use of medicine; he reunites the
separated. settles lovers' quarrels, causes
epeedy and happy marriage, locates- hidden
treasures, removes evil Influences; cures fits;
drunkenness cured without the patient's
knowledge; tells If your loved one Is true; en-
ables you to win the affection of any one you
desire; also that which a person Is best adapt-
ed for in life Is pointed out; he enables you to
overcome your enemies; no matter what your
trouble is, he can and will help you or
charge you nothing for his services.
N. B.— Palmistry taught-: medlumistle per-
rons developed. 26% Kearny St., near Market.
Readings by mall.
If you cannot cali, write. Give date of birth,
state whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss; ask six
questions: Inclose $1. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. E. SANDERS* tlic Quaker medium and
palmist, teaches mind vibration, the greatest
•ecret on earth; to business men, untold
wealth, reunites lovers and brings home ab-
sent husbands, sons or daughters; 15 years'
experience. 1104 Market St., room "S.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Et., corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25.
and 26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send etamp for pam-
phlet with "special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second, sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles SOc,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. Bit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium ; 25c up. 472 Stevenson st, cor 6th.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
ist and card reading. 25c. 12I1 1 ? Market st.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; teI.HowardlS46.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 23c. 7 Seventh St.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA, reads life fluently: business
nflvice: names given: 25c up. S Fourth st.
CARPET KEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing' Works, S53-357 Tehama St.; tel. South .40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTONS. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. OEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CH1UOPOD1STS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market *t.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$25 — FURNISHED cottage, 8 rooms and 'bath;
nice gardf . 722 Shotwell, bet. 21st and 22d.
DENTISTS.
ALRA Dentlstr. 21 Powell street, room 32.
Painless extraction, 20c; silver flllings, 25c;
gold and platinum filling. $1; gold crowns, i3;
porcelain crowns. $1; bridges, per tooth. $4;
set teeth, mounted on rubber, $6 £0; we have
no ups; for these prices we guarantee to use
the best material money can buy; we give
you a written guarantee to refund your
money any time you are not satisfied ; elevator.
AT the ELECTRO- DENTAL CLINIC, 809 llar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you enn
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 £0 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. nt. ; Sundays. 3 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; flllings,
f.Oc; plates, $5, full su; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUPLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per ret; extracting, SOc; g.as given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to' 869
Mission Bt.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and. bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, BOc.'
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fllllngs, 25c.
UR. R. L. WALSH. Sloii Geary. nr.Larkln— Paln-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phone Polkll3J.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days, 1001 Market et.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without - plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 13-il Polk et. ¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCOUDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES* Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and. evening; $S per mviith; $50 life scholarship
Kuaruntees a complete business education. In-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship, etc. ; positions se-
cured for Graduates; catalogue.
WANTED — An offlee boy to work 2 hours dally
in exchange tuition. Ay res". Business College.
evknFng school,' a. •. f. business col^
L1CGC, 1236 Market at.; individual instruction
• In bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
".'civil service coaching: tuition $5 month.
A FULL court-e in Ellis bookkeeping and the
. Gre«s shorthand co?ts only $60. -.'San Kran-
cl'sco nuslneM^Colleze, i23tj Market st.' .
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining. mech.,sur-
vey. assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.; eat. ISiit
', ¦ VA N PBtt.'M ILLKN SCHOOL. 933 Market.'
*A' SPECIALTY"— Perf-»ctlr.g beginners; business
'college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
£l.Unse. .TARK. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bklg.
" EDUCATIONAL. »^
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50: catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining; engineering, etc.; day
• and night pensions ; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINKSS COLLfiGE has posi-
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence, guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. S0u Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45.
Parrott bldp. ; Individ, instruction; catalogue.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris; violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. IOCS Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping. Brammar, writing,
etc.; day or gve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
COACHING in high school mathematics a. spe-
cialty; simple methods; successful. 3040. 16th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine St.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Offlce and House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men at short
" 'notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. I-nrkin 23? 1.
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce— Best
help' furn.; domestic servants: work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlce; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
JAPANESE central house-cleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office —
Best help. E26 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; teL Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce—
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; lnstl-
. tutlon or boarding-house; best city ref. MISS
CULLKN, 325 Sutter st.
A COiyETENT woman, with a child, desires
situation; good cook and houseworker; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A REFINED young lady wants a position as
lady's companion or governess; references.
MJSS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
A NEAT, sober woman; light work; care for
ont or two children: neat mender and sewer;
no kitchen work; wages $12. Call 715'.4 Te-
hama St., near Ninth.
LADY wishes situation by the day: house or
hotel; sleep home. . Apply 116 Perry St., bet.
Third and Fourth.
NEAT girl would like position taking care of
children. .Apply 22SH Hickory ave.
COMPETENT woman wlshe.s work by the day;
flrst-class laundress: makes herself generally
useful: best references given; would like a
few more engagements. Call 120 Wlldey ave.,
off Steiner. bet. Bush and Pine.
COMPETENT woman as cook;' small wash;
references. Call at 308 Fulton et., near
Franklin. ,
STRONG, pood, willing woman; great house-
cleaner; c«n do most any kind of work; good
- rtTeroncoH; wages $1 per day and car lare;
good washer flannels. 35 Fifth, r. 4,: upstairs.
EXPERIENCED children's nurse wants posl-
tlon; eood references. Apply 329 Golden Gate.
COMPETENT woman to do house cleaning by
the day; $1 per day;, carfare. 2020 Folsom St.,
between Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants situation for
houst-work or upstairs- work. ' Call 1435 Bu-
chanan St., near Ellis.
A WOMAN wishes to do housework by the day
or month; sleep home. Box 210S. Call offlce.
A WOMAN wants work by the day or by the
week at $1 10 a day. Call at 41 Minna st.'
WANTED— Position by middle-aged English
woman as working housekeeper or cook on
farm. S13 Fillmore St.. near McAllister.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes engage-
ments by the day. Address S37 Howard st. ¦
SITUATION wanted by flrst-class waitress and
parlor maid. Please call at 2610 Jackson st.,
between 9 and 2. ¦
• i
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $t 50 night. $1 60 to $R
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
EMI'LOY.MEXT WANTED MALE.
PAPERH ANGER and painter wants situation;
first class workman. "Hammer," 322 Fre-
mont st.
AN elderly man wishes employment: office,
store, collect, run elevator, salesman, useful
in any business; good references; wages no
object. Box 2101. Cnll offlce. -.
COACHMAN wants situation; good all around
man; also good at carpenter tools. A. IS.,
box 2102. Call offlce. •
WANTED— By youns man, aged 19, position
in offlce or store for -future moderate com-
¦ p-ansation. Address P.. 615 Larkin st.
WANTED— By young man, position as dynamo
I tender; 10 years' experience; moderate salary.
Address H., 615 Larkin st. .
SITUATION wanted by-young Scotchman as
valet, attendant or butler: willing to travel;
-". good;- packer; : total abstainer; preferences.
MUNUO, 102ii Guerrero st. • . •
YOUNG Christian mRn, good education, wishes
to take care of sick people and make himself
generally useful. Address 142% Fourth St.,
or call from 2 to 6 p.. m. ¦ ¦
.GOOD barber. wants stPady afternoon Job, all
day Saturday and Sunday morning. Address,
stating wages. Barber, box 2100. Call. .. . .- ;
POSITION in wholesale house.' office or stock.
• by man 3S : years . old, steady and speaks
; Spanish; well acquainted, In Mexico and Cen-
, tral America. Address box 2006. Call. ,
YOUNG man and wife -wish to take full charge
of vineyard; wife is good cook- and hour;-
Icccper, If wanted; best ret>., letters. R. G7,
-'"' 5A S»lpley st.. '. between Fifth and Sixth. ;
COMPETENT bookkeeper, wants position out-
side of city or State: ; references, etc., -fur-
nlshe.1. ¦ KRWIX; Cot Bush, St., city.
UOTLKR— First-class butler with. best city ref-
• trenees wants « place, for short v time* by the
week; terms very low.". Box 2tt>3. > Call ; of flee.
EMPLOYMENT WaKTED--3LaLE^
TOUNG man, 23. German, of good family, de-
sires a position of any kind: has good habits,
sober and steady; good references from the
U: S. Army and U. S. transport service. Box
20£5. Call. • " . *.'¦¦-.
STATIONARY engineer nad machinist, strictly
sober and industrious. cVpable of making all
repairs, 20 years' experience, wants steady
. position: city or country. Address box
2009, Call. -
RELIABLE middle-aged man wishes position,
/private place; thoroughly understands care of
horses; best of references; object,, good home;
city or country. Address box 2024, Call.
| RELIABLE man wants position in private
place; understands the care of horses, garden;
' good driver; can milk; is a pood all-around
man; eood references. Box 2089, Call offlce.
J'OUNG man, age 23, with experience behind
counter In grocery line and otherwise, ami
good solicitor: object salary; references. Box
. 2094. Call office.
COMPETENT bookkeeper wants care of books J
of some small business; all time not being :
required; salary moderate; . references fur-
nished. Box 2035. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by a young Swiss-Ger-
man in a private family; understands gar-
dening. . care of horses and cows, etc. Bos
2047, Call office.
BAKER foreman-- wants -work on broad and
| cakes. Address 124 Eureka St.. near ISth.
A STRONG young man, 21, would like post-
tion with opportunity for advancement. Box
2003, Call office.
A YOUNG colored man would like situation in
private family; thoroughly understands the
care of horses and careful driver, and make
himself generally useful. Box 1983. 'Call.
WORK wanted by a flrst-class paperhanger.
decorator and painter; country or city: refer-
ences given. . Address box 1922, Call offlce.
FAITHFUL young Japanese wants position to
do housework. KOMA, 18 Natoma st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
* ' EXCHANGE.
FOR tale or exchange— Handsome Oakland
home; beautiful view. C. HENDERSON. 304
Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
WANT $1100; will pay 2 per cent: security fur-
niture 28 rooms; no agents. Address box 134L
Call offlce. ¦ .
KCATHKIt I'lLLOWS. .
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather •pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHKR FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st.
FLATS TO LET.
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery St.. . i
A— NEW upper sunny modern flat, 6 rooms
and bath. 975 Golden ¦ Gate ave., opposite
Jefferson Square.
BOWIE ave.,. 5, off . Eleventh St.— A Cat of 3
rooms; bay-window; cheap rent to small fam.
*FOR sale— S-room flat, elegantly furnished, for
a nice home. 1048 Ellis st.
FURNISHED flat. three rooms and bath;
adults; reasonable. SG Stanley place, near
Harrison Bt.
POST. 1714, near Buchanan— Modern sunny flat
of 4 rooms and bath; $15. - ¦¦
SUNNY rear flat of 3 rooms; rent $9. Powell
St., near Broadway. Inquire 1308 Powell st.
TO let— Upper flat; • 7 rooms; rent $25. "01
O'Farrell st.
VALENCIA, 223— A sunny flat partly furnished ;
light and airy; bath, gas; reasonable.
125A PAGE st; flat of 4 rooms; 134 Rose St.,
3 rooms; bet. Gough and Octavia.
Fl'BMTUKE FOU SALE.
-'.-¦- i-u-Ji-T- -r. ¦!¦¦¦ ¦¦ J - ,-_r^^,--,j,_^r. J , J^r,_^n.,-..-_^^r V- - -
FURNITURE of a B-room modern flat, partly
furnished, for sale cheap; flat to let. £08
Noe Bt., .hear Fifteenth.
FOR sale— Complete furnished flat '7 rooms and
¦ bath; price reasonable. 7C4 Ellis st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE' of 9-room house: -a bargain;
suitable for doctor. Apply 1030. Mission st.
FURNITURE of an eight-room fiat for sale
cheap: Inquire box 2077, Call offlce.
FDIISITUKE "WANTED.
Auctioneer— L.Vlncent.1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W. Er Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 33o>.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. .1135 Market St.: tel Jessie 781.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1S54.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phono Grant 185
4 waitresses, Los Angeles, $25 and free fare;
2 waitresses, springs. $20; 2 waitresses, lnsti-
tutlon, room, board and washing. '$20; 2
waitresses, same country hotel, $22 50 arid
fare paid; 2 waitresses, short distance, $20;
10 waitresses,'; different country hotels, $20
and $25; 10 waitresses and chambermaids to
wait, city, $20; 2 strong women for chamber
work for rooming-house. $15; sewing ma-
chine operator, $1 a day, steady place; wo-
man cook to go to the oil wells to cook for
a few men, $25, see party here.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Any girl or woman' wanting work in a pri-
vate family at wages from $10 to $30 can get
it by calling on us; we have places coming
In daily for experienced help and others to
learn. Apply
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
12 waitresses, flrst class commercial hotels,
$20 and $22 50; 6 waitresses, city hotels, $20
restaurant waitress, ?6: 4 chambermaids to
wait, city and country, $20; chambermaid. $20;
pastry cook, $40; cleaner. Institution, $-0.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirl. Stockton. $25. see lady here: Ger-
man r.urse, $25: housegirls and cooks, $15 to
$25. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary bt.
A— WANTED ?
Women as starchers. country steam laundry,
$40. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
AMERICAN oj- Swedish woman for housework
in email family; wages $25. Southwest cor.
Clinton ave. and Chestnut st., Alameda (nar--
row gauge train to Chestnut station). . •
I BUTTON sewers on shirts wanted at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 36Vi Fremont st. Apply to
Mr. Hendshaw. '
TWO pianists to play in exchange for lessons.
Hoover University of Physical Culture, Tenth
and Market sts.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. 5U Mar-
ket st. " ¦ .
. — ¦
FIRST class waist and skirt hands: also fin-
ishers, at room 134, Spring Valley building.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking; 3
in family. 1928 Pierce st. \
GIRL for housework; sleep home; no Sunday
work. 1157 Valencia st.
GIRL to asalst with light housework. Call 3041
. Baker st.. near Lombard.
MILLINBRY milkers wanted. Apply BUT-
LER SCHOTZE CO., 723 Market st.
WAITRESS wanted. 22C8 Powell st.
YOUNG girl to assist' In housework and plain
cooking; wages $15. 18C8 Larkin st.
WANTED— Good experienced vestmaker and
apprentice: good pay. 528 Stevenson, rm. 6.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady; fancy goods
department. Box 2C90 Call offlce. ' ¦•
NEAT girl to assist attending baby and light
housework; references required. 2520 Green st- ,
GIRL for ceneral housework and cooking;
small American fanilly. 2504 Washington st.
WANTED— Girl who understands automatic
machinn sewing. Leon Millinery. 943 Market.'
WANTED — City experienced milinery saleslady
and trimmer: first-class city position. Box
2103. Call offlce
WANTED— A Rood restaurant waiter; call
early. 1530 Market st. - - .
NEAT girl; light housework; $15. 30 Belve-
"dere st. . ¦-.¦¦• •
VEST operator: steady work. -HENRY HILP.
10B " Battery, St. . ¦ ¦ : • .
SCHOOLGIRL given good home to assUt with
children. Eox 2105, Call offlce. ¦• '
WANTED— Store attendant; a trusty boy or
girl; Devi?adero st. ; $3 per week.' Address
...box 2103. Call office. 1
GIRL for general housekeeping and cooking;
- small family; wages $15 to $20. 400 Golden
' Gate ave. , . '
GIRL' for ceneral housework, plain cooking:
wages $20. 1322 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
WANTED— Girl for ll>:ht housework. 3CS1 Sev-
Venteenth st., m»ar Dolores.
FIRST-CLASS finisher en coats; call early. 254
Ellis st. _,. - ,. , . .
GIRL to assist buahelmnn. BELASCO-HARRIS
CO.. s*l Market- Bt.'
YOUNG girl to assist in general " housework:
.fall after ' 10. . 1-13", ¦ O'Farrell:; st.
FIRST-CLASS sewer on ladles' plain and
corded underskirts, etc. ; take? work home: H.
vfFRIEDLANDER; C3S Ftll-Bt/ .
HELP WAyrEP-FEMALE.
GIRL to set type. Apply 614 Plna et.. down-
stairs. , -,-•; ¦¦¦'^ -K
GIRL to do light housework and plain cook-
ing. C103 Flllmore st. ; sleep home.
"WANTED — An experienced finisher for ladles'
tailoring. Call 2322 Flllmore st.
GOOD sewer to learn dressmaking. 535 Hayes
street. . .
WANTED — First-class German cook: refer-
ences. Call bet. 9 and 12. 2411 Jackson st.
WANTED— Experienced pirl to work part day.
part night hours in Fischer's bakery, S66
Washington St., Oakland; wages $3 per week
and board. . ;- ¦' .- -„•
WANTED — Competent girl for general house-
work; wages $25; references. 13 Scott st.
APPRENTICES, maker and first-class trimmer
. in millinery store. 6S2 McAllister st.
WANTED — Girl for lieht housework and cook-
ing. Apply 1627 Oak st.
WAITRESS at 515 Valencia St.; $13 per month
. and room.
GIRL for lieht housework. Apply 1134 Turk
street^ •.
SPANISH speaking girl to care for child and
assist; references. Box 2037, Call office.
YOUNG Klrl to care for child and sew; refer-
ences. Eox 2050. Call of flee.
AMERICAN woman as working housekeeper;
light work; must have references. 1532 Polk.
NEAT young girl for general housework In
small family. 2040 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers ..wanted on custom
pants. 411^ Kearny st.. top floor^
OPERATORS on ladles' shirt waists: steady
work; good pay. BAUER BROS.. 21 Sansome.
2 GOOD rressers. Apply New Parisian Dyeing
-Works, 2216 Folsom et.
WANTED— Woman of quick comprehension to
travel; salary and expense*. Box 2079. Call.
WANTED— First-class finisher on pants. 461H
Minna st., near Sixth.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
in factory. 723 Market st.. room 83.
HELP WASTED MALE.
A-MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay «t.
7 A. M. TO-DAY
Freo fare Free fare
Free fare both ways
...We ship to-day, free
60 laborers S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work, for
section, ballasting and other gangs, Los An-
gelss and Santa Barbara divisions; call early
with blankets
10 tunnelmen, Los Angeles County
.$2 and $2 60 per day
A-MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
White male help of all kinds furnished....
Free of - Charge to
Every. Employer of Help...-
No syndicate too large, no firm too small for
us to supply; no objection to distance; we
ship j;ood help to all parts of the world......
Employers of help phone, telegraph, write or
call in person and procure your help from
Murray & Ready
We gave employment
1S97 to upward of 17,000 men
1S38 to upward of 13.050 men
1839 to upward of 21.000 men
1300 to upward of 35, COO men
MURRAY & READY. 634-g3S Clay st.
A-HELP WANTED 7 a. m/ to-day
MECHANICAL HELP
2 painters. Government work, steady Job
$40 and found
Bash and door maker, country planing mill
$3 day
Painter for an Institution
FARMS. DAIRIES, ETC
6 farm and orchard hands $20 and $26
Choreman and milk four cows $25
Buttermaker and milker, 3 milkers
$30 and $33
2 vegetable- gardeners $23
Gardener, San Mateo County $30
MISCELLANEOUS -.
Men and wives, ranches and private places..
4 teamsters, city work $1 75 day and $25
Stableman, country $30
Stableman and hostlers, city.... $30. $43 and $50
Bushelman. city shop w $13 week
SEE BOSS HERE FOR
100 woodchoppers and tlernakers, $t 15 to $1 73
cord. 10c each, ties virgin timber, Mendoclno
County, see boss at our offlce
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS
Manager, country hotel r $100
The following help for country laundry, see
boss here: Polisher. $55; steam washer. $60;
staroher, $40; marker and distributor, $00
Walter, country Louvre $30
5 waiters, city and country $25 and $30
Baker, country hotel $43
8 flrst and second cooks — .$30, $40 and $30
First and second bakers $50 and $40
Bedmaker 130
MURRAY & READY. 63>-836 Clay st.
S BELL BOYS with good references for city
hotels. $10. $12 60 and $15: call early. MRS.
M. E. DAY & CO.. 323 Geary st.
FIVE woodcarvers, 2 cabinet makers: non-
union: no offlce fees. Mechanics' Registra-
tion Bureau. 410 Kearny st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 113
Turk; tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS all Invited to call and see the latest
improved- revolving chair, call^skthe "Auto-
back"; it's a corker.- STOLTZ'Snew head-
quarters. 723 Market st.. first floor up.
WANTED-Young man, about 18 or 20. to
make himself useful about tailoring estab-
lishment; must be of good appearance: apply
7:30 a. m. S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market.
A GOOD, strong man to do general porter
work and packing: recommendation required.
J. BAUMGARTEN & CO.. 7 Montgomery at.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
country. Apply .REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED pr-ssers on cloaks. M. SIM-
INOFF. 1228 Market- st. "
STRONG boy' 14 to 18 years old. BAUER
BROS. CO.. 21 Sanso-ne st.
GOOD barber; steady Job. Apply 723 Fourth
et.. San Rafael, tel. Red 15. .
WANTED— Man for corner saloon. 247 Fifth
St., near Folsom. -
2 POLISHERS. 2 grinders. 109 Beale St.
BOY .to take care of horses and chores, $13
and found. 42S Connecticut st.. Elghth-st. cars.
ERRAND boy wanted. 611»S Stevenson St.,
bet. Seventh and Eighth. ,
OLD man wanted to make beds. 330' Main at.
CIGARMAKERS. 32S Bush St., third floor,
room 4. "'
WANTED— Good pattern maker and metal
platers. S. F. Novelty Works, Bay and
Stockton sts. *
UNDERPRESSER on vests; steady work;
good pay. 541 . Market Bt.
COATMAKERS; steady work; good pay. B41
Ma/ket st.
OPERATORS on pants and coats; steady work;
good pay. 541 Market st.
2 GOOD farm hands. Apply to 102H4 Market
street. • •
VEST foreman: also vest presser. HENRY
HILP. 1C6 Battery st.
BLACKSMITH helper; able to work on fire.
4322 Mission st.
BUSHELMAN and precser at 116 Geary St.;
steady job.
YOUNG men to go whaling; no experience re-
quired. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
COOK for restaurant. 506 Howard st., near
First.
WANTED— Vegetable man for restaurant. 810
Kearny Bt.
BARBER shop for 4a!<»; good location; cheap
rent. 52H Steuart st.
WANTED-^-A boy in confectioner}"- 1503 Geary
street.
WANTED— A boy to ride on wagon. Call 493
Geary at.. 8 a. m.
WANTED— Trustworthy man as partner to at-
tend cash counter, restaurant; $75 per month;
$150 required. 906 Market st.. room 8.
BOY wanted to work. In blacksmith shop. 323
Noe st. " u -,
2-CHAIR barber shop, for sale; doing a good
business. Apply box 2110. Call offlce.
"WANTED— Blacksmith's helper: help 1 on
wagon work and horseshoeing. 437 Francisco.
ERRAND boy, bet. 13 and 15; call after 9 a.
m. ; references. 10S Sixth St., store.
ERRAND boy for drug store: give age and
residence. Address box 2107. Call office.
WANTED— 500 men to-day at 513 Montgomery
street. • ¦
YOUNG man In tin shop who has , experience
In soldering. Apply bet. 7 and 10. 533 Mission.
WANTED— Good barber at 131 Third st.
WAITER wanted. 17-19 Powell st.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 221 Grant ave.
BARBERS— A good-paying, two-chair barber
shop for sal'' at a sacrifice; owner goinc
East. Apply H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh St.
WANTED— Teachers to handle Yaggy^s new
Invention;- vacation or permanent. C. H
. MARTIN. Y. M. C. A.
FOR SALE— 3-chair \ barber shop; bathrooms-
near city. Box 2CS5. Call offlce.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F.' Barber College. 741A Howard st.;
no-barruom chairs used la this college. '
HELP WAXT2D — MALE.
AT C. R- HANSEN X. CO.'S... Tel. Grant !S3
Free Fare Railroad Work Free Far»
SHIP TO-DAY, TUESDAY
EO drillers, Chatsworth Park Los Angeles
County *£ to *- 50
CO tunnelmen. Chatsworth Park.. SI .a to tZ in
60 teamsters. Nevada ?! ?>
EO laborers and teamsters, coaet road
.Jl 73 to J2
20 more men. S. P. Co.'s own work. 8urf..$l 7S
For Cal, and N. "W. 1{. R.. Uklah
Teamsters and laborers {3
Colored coal miners
Married or single, good wages, good plac?s.
4 lathers, country. ?1 75 a day: 10 men to
handle grain. 2.">e an hour
Man to contract to dte 3 mtlea of ditch
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Coola. $S0. £0, HO ana $30; waiters. $30 and
$23; washer, hotel laundry. $43; marker. $«<>;
polisher, hotel laundry. M0: Ironer, Tyler ma-
chine. $12 a week; washer. $30: hanger-up.
$23. hand laundry, country hotel. C. R.
HA.NSEX & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— WANTF.D
For steam laundry, country, polisher »1»
Marker and distributor $89
4 farm hands for first-class vineyard JC«
. Milker, steady place, near city $2»
Farmer, Calaveras County $25
2 woodchopi?ers, atovj wood, oak...87Hc a tt»r
Man for chicken ranch .' K5
2 single-hand miner* $2 a day
German blacksmith and helper for ranch
HO and *3»
Second cook an<l di?'jwasher for boat. $25 A Mi
_ W. D. EWER & CO-. «10 Clay »t.
YOUNG man, light work on ranch, no blankets.
$20: quarrymen. $1 t» to $2 per day; 10 lum-
bermen for mill and woods. J26: 10 men to
make shingle bolts *1 50 per cord, pickets $«
per thousand, posts $3 per hundred. 4-foot red-
wood 7ic. pine $1 25 per cord, redwood ties
lie. ship Wednesday. CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
£9 Third St.. phone Red 31. ¦
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop: two living rooms I
furn.; cheap. H. BERNARD. IM Seventh st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, haU
price. iSZ Mission i»t.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BARBER shop for sale. $40; call Immediately;
rent $10: three living rooms. 1S12H Folaom st.
FOR sale— 4-bowl center washstand and other
barber fixtures. Rusa House, 217 Montgomery.
"WANTED — First class hull and engln*
draughtsmen; men thoroughly familiar with,
modern naval construction preferred; good
wages paid first class men. Address, stat-
ing experience. MORAN BROS. CO.. Seat-
tle. "Wash.
MEN — Onr catalogue explains how wo teach th«
trade In two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no 5o ehop In connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furnitur*
are all made to our own orler with a vlevr
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE.
€33 Clay st. Beware of any cheap Imitations.
WANTED— In a financial concern, young man
who can translate French, Spanish and Ger-
man: good penman, rapid and accurate at
figures. Address with reference and full
particulars. Financial, box 203S, Call ofSce.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, stilt
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Experienced ladies' tailor; perma-
nent employment; good pay. M. J. KELLER
CO.. Oakland.
BRIGHT men of good address; money ad-
vanced to right party. Call betweea t and
9 a. ra. at 302 Post st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to SOc. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
A GOOD dry cleaner. Apply Xew Parisian
Dyeing Works, 2216 Folsom st. '
McDONALD & PERUY have BOO pairs second
hand shoes for sale: 50c up. ?41 Third st.
BO TEAMSTERS, steady work., $2 per day.
Apply at stables In rear 212 Ninth at.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 13c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
Carpenters, blacksmiths tc green hands, whal-
ing cruise on atsamer. Herman's. 2S| Steuart.
TEAMSTERS wanted^ Apply 627 Fourteenth
street.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 28 Steuart.
PENSIONS-J. H. Shepard & Co.. oiu reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st~near Marl
ket: 700 rooms. 23c night; readinsr-rooms; frea
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
i CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
i received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore »t..
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an<i
, subscriptions has been established, at 1094
Valencia st.
HOUSES A.VD WAGO.fS.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggto*.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoaat. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
A NEW pneumatic-tired road bug^y. DR. L.
KRAKER, veterinary dentist. 1S4 Golden
Gate, ave., corner Leavenworth st.
THREE fast road horses; also some eood
business hcrses, at 721 Howard st.
i TWO spring wagons, one buggy, for sal*
chtap. at HOPPY'S. Baden.
THREE fine second-hand surreys; one 4-toa
express wagon. 4S Eighth st.
A — 100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1143 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery. .
NICELY furnished house. 9 rooms and batV m
will rent furnished or unfurnished; reason-
able. 1S23 Pest at.
$20: S ROOMS, bath, laundry: fine marine view.
1912 Broadway, near Octavia st.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
A HANDSOME residence of 9 rooms, bath.
basement, stable, chicken houses, tank house,
well. mill, fine garden: sunny corner; ela»
vated: fine vtew of city; furnished or unfur-
nished: 176xli0.
Cottage of 4 rooms, bath, basement, chicken
houses, with separata yards, well, mill and
tank: also Spring Valley water, garden, atci
lOOxllO; owner leaving city.
Apply at 138 Laldley st.. corner Fairsaount:
San Mateo cars.
IXTTAI^IP. FL T JV^XFft E -
INVALID furniture and appliances; sale or rent.
F. GOODBAN. 1117 Van Ness ave.. nr. Post st.
LOST AXD FOOD.
LOST — Saturday night, from SausaHto boat ts
Mill Valley, brown leather purse, gilt edges;
full name Inside; commute ticket, keys and
minor articles of use tr> owner only. Kindly
return to Heald's Business College: reward.
$60 TIED up In silk handkerchief, between
Pier 7 and Ferry depot; property of a poor
person. Finder will pleas* return to SER-
GEANT OF POLICE MAHONEY and recetv*
suitable reward. ;
PARTY *-ho found diamond rings on wash-
stand. Felix Restaurant: $50 reward; keepsak*.
E. JL CONNOLLY. 116 California st.
LOST— Gentleman"s scarfpin: eagle's claws
holding gold ball; $3 reward. Finder return
to S25 Ellis st.
LOST— Bunch of keys on Third St.. between
Mission and New Montgomery; reward. 404 '
California st.
LOST— Near Market and Taylor sts.. small
white and brown dog; female. Return X
Golden Gate ave.; reward.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel; license No. 3637;
reward at 243 Pennsylvania ave. '
LOST— February 20. lady's fur collar; sable:
$30 reward for return and no questions asked.
WM. R. SH AFTER. Phelan building.
LOST— Route book of Enterprise Brewery. Re-
turn to J. METER. 2S17 Nineteenth St.; To-
ward.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and M-ison.
OLD gold, sliver, diamonds and precious 'tonea '
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market st.
MATTRESSES" and unholstery; til South 792:
to orrter or renovated, feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning; strictly ro-
Hable. HOPKE BROS.. 21S-Z20 Eleventh it.
, MKU1CAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist: those who desire tu
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only:
my • regulator *as no equal: all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others: the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate: the longest and moot
obstinate cases are immediately relieved with-
out pain: no other troulment wiu do this; th<j
most dltticult cases* treated: scientific meth-
ods ruaranteed. DR. G. ' W. O'DONNELL.
; 10 IS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 12» Market, the well-
known ladles' specialists: ,32 years' practice;
perfectly reliable: a positive cure guaranteed
at ofnee: patients treated can return s«an»*^
•lay; those wtshing to treat themselves ah<>ul<t 1
; send for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT- '
JIENT; a sure cure; gives instant relief; harm-'
j l»ss; any one can "^Jt^stamp for circular.
• M J ls - P R> ALLKN— Removed to IT1S Market,
bet. Taylor and Mason; Udles" specialist.W 60; J10CO. '
Charles L. and Lily F. Tllden to Haslett
Warehouse Company (corporation), lot on SW
line of Spear street. -157:6 SE of Folsom. SE
i:;:C by SW Z73; I165.CC0.
John M. and Annie Ahem to Christian Fro«-
Hch. lot en SE line of Howard street. 305 SW
of first, SW K by SE £5; *70C0. . .
I Thomas F. and Dolores T. Barry to Henry
I E. . Bothin. lot on XW line of Minna street.
117:« SW of Second. SW 40 by XW 80; $7750.
Eliza Furger to saxna. lot on SE line of
Mission street. 117:« SW of Second. SW 20 by
L-E JO; IKUC0.- .
Henry E. and Jennie W. Bothin to Thomas
Crellin, lot on SE line of Mission street. 11S:ST4
BW of Second. SW 18:9%. SE SO. SW 20 SE
K'NE-»:W. NW 80. SW 10V4 inches. NW »0;
S3G.CC.0.
Charlotte E. Morgan, Ellen X. Cook, Leroy
T. Hutchinson. Adelaide Phelps, Hiram T.
Hutchlnson. Mary H. Slbley, Mary K. Miller
ar.d John H. Tracv to Margaretha Winter, lot
on S line of Lombard street. 137:6 E of Scott
L" *>:! by S 137:6: 41000, :
fiaxne to Henry Ountelmann, lot on S line of
Lombard street. 168:8 E of Scott, E C3:4 by 3
137:6- tUCO. ¦ .
Walter A.' and Emilia J. McCreery to Marie
A. • Hoedt. lot on N line of McAllister street.
Se:104 W of Baker, W-2S by N 87:8; |K0O.
Anne E. Tubbs ta Sarah E. Jchnson. lot on
\V line of Central avenue, 1*?:8V4 X of Jackson.
X SO by W 118:»: $4S».
R. A. Vance to James Perry. lr,t on V line
of McAlVnter strtet. 27:6 W or Stsnyai. AV 28:S
NW,'NE 27:2, H lC0:«\i. ?lCtO.
. Estate of Joseph M. Com ertord (by Eliza C.
Herbert, executrix) and Ellxa C. Herbert- to
Rachael Zier (wife of L.). lot On N" line of Mc-
Allister street.. 31:6 W of Parker avenue. W J3.
N lC0:2Vt. KE K.-S 101:2; SITCO. --
Leslie 7.ler, to same, same; gift.
Flora ' Fchrenbacher to James O'Hem, lot on
BEAI. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Patrick J. and Ellen McDonald ta Angela
Ctreghino and Angeto Delmonte, lot on W linn
of Salmon alley. 57:8 S of Broadway, S 20 by
PALACE HOTEL.
J W Mansfleld. 'Stanfd j
E C Rlttcnhouse. Sun:
G F MeNoble. Stocktnj
P Morris. Chinese Cmpl
C Becker. San Jns«
J E Hodawltt, Cal
J Dannenbaum. Vallejo
F Lyman, V S X
A McDonally, Cal
H McCauIey. N Y
G C Lynch. N" T
A Anderson, Utah
P Paterson, Dututh
fi D Ballow. S L Oblsp
J Roos. Ventura
E B Crane. N* T j
Dr R F Winchester. Cal
C L Marlett & w. D C
R B Butler. Fresno
W A Murphy. Minn
H Wilaon & w. Chlcag
A K Uetwller & w, O
G It Webb. Cal
R Nlckerson, Cal
W E Hawkins. Cal
A J Sherman & w. XT
F A NItChy A w. Or
M C Nason. Seattle
Mrs W S Depplro, Cal
F C Barnes 1 . Portland
Jim C S Fogg. Tacoma
E Brosa ft w. Po.-tland
E M Tork * w. Cal
H D Garwood. Colo
E F Oillerson A w. Me
R S Hunter A w, Xe
W. Bobbins. » T
GRANt) HOTEL
I L Har— orth. Cal
J Fallon, St Louis
A Eate*. w & 4 chil.
Helena. Mont
J U Moore, San Jose
J Miller & w, Ohio
J M Bogard. IlHnol.i
O Hammerl & w. Ohio
E Lamb, w & <l?.u.
St Louis
L N" Compton. X Orlr.s
L Wardenbsrg. L Anj
W R Walters, S Ana
HOTEL ARRIVALS
NEW WESTERX HOTEL
L G Waters, Sta Am
K R Smith. Ohio
J l?rady. Ohio
R W Wllley. Mexico
C T Leland, w A cX
Ma ho
L Chambers. Denver
W Chalker. Presidio ,
H C Jones. Burlington
Mr* Hugnes. Mexico
W M Koever. Holllstr
J J Fisher, Ifolilstor
W O Watson. San Jps«
M Warner. Cal .
Mrs E Ellsworth. Cal
J Blakely. N T
J a Curtis. Ludlow
T J Winchler. X J \
D S Johnson, N J
3 King, Lcs An?
J HoUman. Iowa
L C Hibb & w. Texas
H G Van Court. Phil*
M M Harris. Los An*
E A Stuart Seattle
Mr & Mrs womsiersly,
. Long Eeach
Mr Rust. Orange -. - %
S P Poland. San Jose
J Xelson. Leadvllle
W J Barrett. Los An«
VT Johnston A w, K&ns
C H Bollas it w. Cal
W C Bailey & w. Cal
C L Harker & w. Colo
Mrs A H Law. N T •
E A Ca-ptxll. J
G E Lytle. Chleaso
¦V Bergnola. 3utter Ck
C S Mann, Los Ana-
A A Maxwell. Oregon
Mrs E A Jones. Cal
iL Frtnk. Mt Vtew
»• B Wheldon. X T
; H N 'Wayne. Bo^taa
! L D Syle. Berkeley
0 Robblns A w. CH!cs<
E Rosthchild. Chicago
IF A Ranch. Chicago
Same owners with James E. Britt (contrac
tor), architects same — Sewerlnr. nlumbin* and
gas fitting for eame on seme; $7237.
Callagnan E-tat? Cctr.pany owners) with
George H Tay Company (contractors), archi
tect Albert Plssls— Steam heating plant for a
slx-storj' building on th* SW com»r of Jon»s
ard McAllister streets, W 4:5'i, 3W lX:im;
XW US:S, S 131:9: «5Cf.n. . .
M. O. Austin (owner) with John H. Munstfr
(contractor), architects Martens and Coffev— All
work except plumbing, sas fittingr. painting,
mantels, sas fixtures and shades for a two
*tory frame bulldinR on the E line of Guerrero
street. 53 S of Camp. S r> by E U*:3; $4150.
Mutual Savings Bank of San Francisco
(owner) with American Bridge Company of N«w
Jersey (contractors), architect William Curlett—
All east and wrought Iron and stf*»l -work for a
ten-story office building on the S line of Geary
street. 20:8 W of Kearr.ey. W 73:in»i. S 38:2 T «.
SE 52:9H. NE 53:0»«. N i9*\; $.%5.S»i M
Buildirs' Contracts.
Mrs. M. L. Stealey fowner) with A. H. Wll
helm (contractor), architect All work
except mantel?, fhades and gas fixtures for al
terations and additions to bulMlng In front of
two- flat frame In rear on the XT/ line of Fol
w>m street. 136 SW of T*nth. -m.3!:S. — 13S —
3I:«. — 138. — 34:«. 1«2 Folsom Ttr?et: J4CC0.
,NTV lies or Xatoma s'.ree:, t:0 SW ot Elev e n«».
SW 23 by KW sO; JSiCtl.
City and County cf San Francisco to Moses
Levy, lot on W line of Albion avenue. 140 3
of Sixteenth street. \V IS by S % J— .
Moses Levy to Louis L"ls«sjn»r. same; JITCO.
Elizabeth A. Whittle <wlie ot A. M.) tr>
Charles Mu<ante. lot on S line of Hancock
street. 1^ \V of fc'anche*. "VV JO by S 114; $4000.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to James B.
and Margaret A. Curran. let on W line of
Hartford street. 27S:3 N of Eighteenth. N 2j
by W iti: «cro.
Thomas L Beryln to California Fruit Can
ren' Association (corporation), lot on X lin»
ol Francisco street. 114:7 XV of Maton. TV' 25:11
by N «O: also lot on N line of Francisco street.
1*0:5 \V of Mason, W 6>:» by N 60 (.luitcUim
deed); JiOCO.
Angollne Brondex to Charlotte H. Foulkst.
lot on X line of Sixteenth street. Ub E of Cas
tro. E 23 by N 113: tUXO.
Charlotte M. Foulkes to A. M. Spec*, sams:
HiCO.
Gleintetlsta H. RIsso (or R!z:o) to MarU
Caleirarl (wife of FTanclsco). l^t on N line of
Unlnn -trttt. iT:« W of Filbert place. V.' Sfl by
X 57:6; flj<*.
Mary A. Henarle fwife of D. V. B.) to Maud
Norton (wire of E. A.>. lot on SE corner Vine
; and Taylor afreets, E 28:* by N' Si: gift.
Ferdinand Bazan to Francine Kazan, lot oa
N line of Geary street. S7:» E of Hyde. E 25 by
N 1-37 :*: also lot on B line of Sutter street. l£7:t
' W of Stockton, W 20 by 3 137:*: rift.
! E8tat» of Cernerd or Barnard Gallagher «hy
, Cathe Gallagher, excutrix, and Cathe Gallaifher.
widow) to R. II. Lloyd, lot on NW line of Ml«
! slon street. 91:S SW of Main, SW 13:10 by NW
1 137 :«; no.e«>.
Ellen Gllhuly to Hugh and Hannah Me«nan.
lot on NW line of Clary street. 120 NE of
Fotirth, NE 20 by NW 75: HCCO.
Walter M. Castle to Edward L. and Susan A.
Combs. Laura Van Wlck!and and Frances L.
Emr»r. let on XE line of Fifth street. SO SK
of Fclsom. SE 25 by NE ICO; tMO.
! M. ar.d Catherine A. McCann to tame, lot oa
] XE line of Fifth street. 23) SE of Folacra. -SB
; 1-3 of an inch by NE 100; fiCO.
I Edward L. and Susan A. Combs. Laura Vaa
; wlckland and Frances L. Enrney to Max Gross.
; lt.t on NE line of Flffh street. 230 SE of Folsom.
i SE 2S by NE 100: J4CC0.
; Jeremiah O'Keefe (by John Lackm&sn, Sher
iff) to John CKane. lot on NW corner «£
! Elrhth and Bryant streets. N SO by W C: ITS.
j Pacific Improvement Company to Saa Fran
j Cisco and Fresno I-ar.-l Company and Wilson
j Estate Company (31-ro each) and Henry M.
! Tice U3S-KO. lot on W line of Bryant avenue.
! 171:3 N of Sixteenth (Center) street. N » inches.
S W 5:7U. SE 2:STi; also lot besinnlns in P N
block 15, eqaa4 distant 100 from Bryant avena*
and Florida street and 170 S of Fifteenth and
230 X of Sixteenth, S 27:3, XW tOJS%, E 95:TS;
Alameda County.
HibTT.ia Pavings and Loan Society to Ada!«
V. vaa I^ben Sels. lot on N lln« of Sycamore
strm. 120 W of Telegraph avenue, w 1«3 by
X 158:4. portion of plat 2. Ro. V. and D. Per
alta. Oakland: XTUSO.
San Francisco Saving* Union tf» Patrick TT.
and JIary Treacy. lot on S line of "West Fifth,
street, 25 E of Center. E 25 by S 125. Oak
land; *15<)0.
Mary Heaney to same, lot on B Ifae of W#»t
! Fifth street. 25 E of Center. K 15 by S C5. bets*
j lot 3 in double block 47!. Oakland: $2500.
Mary ajid J. p. Sarsfield to Peter H. Ander
| eon. lot on W line of Filbert street. 9«:« X of
j Twelfth. N 45 by W 125. block D. map of lands
j of the Oakland Central Homestead Association,
j Oakland: IZoM.
I Thomas Brid«e to Robert C. and Lottie C.
Alborn, lot 28, map of the Bond tract, except
& strip 5 feet wide alone; th« XW line- conveyed
to County of Alameda for widening County
Road No. 8C9. Brooklyn Township: S1C00.
James K. Peirsol to Christina XV. Mrnhan.
undivided half interest in lot on N Una of.
Eighteenth street. 23 E of Union, X 1C0. W 22.
X 12:3'i. E 45. S 112:3«. 4 . W 23 to besinnlns.
pon!on of Surryhne Tract. Oakland: 13rt).
T. W. and Annie L. Sljourney to Isaiah Jor-
I dan. all interest in lot on E line of Peralta
stre<. 245 X of Xtnth. X 40. E 132:S. S 40:3.
W 137 -.Vi to betfnnins. Oakland. I10CO.
Isaiah and Cathe J. Jordan to Mary E. Dear
ing, lot on E line of Henry street. 110 N of
Eltrhth. N 33 by E loo. Wock 554, Gibbons prop
erty. m»p 1. Oakland: juco.
Jane Stone to M. Relnhart. lot on X tine of
Milton street. 240 W of San Pablo avenue. W 30
by N 1W>. being the E V* feet of lot 13 and W 10
feet of lnt is. map of the Milton tract. Oak
lend; $1CCO.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, MARCH 5, 1901.
J Brouchton. Butte
J G Wodworth&w,*.Cn
C E Mocrehouse. Wi»
O W Bffk. Pasadena :
Dr J H Davison. L fc A .
C E Booth, NY j<
H B Wood&w, San J»e' .
W B Jennlnss. Sacto ;
M A Morehouse, N Y
J R Hays. Detroit
C M \Vheeler*w. Cntj
T J Dlckmayer. ili'.r V
Mrs S H Wheeler; Kno
H M Parker. Chleaxo ,
J L Mahln. Chlcaso
A Goehe. USA
Mrs J R Hayes £ Los A .
T E Jefferson, epokanc
J D Farrell. SeattLs
J F Wllcox. Chicago
Mlis Irvine. Cape Clny
Mlu Stewart. Cp Clny -
W O Henshaw. Oaklnrt
XV H Arnold. XewTork
C E BUnell. Chicago
J E Cree&w. 8ix>knne
Mrs C 11 Sanford. K C
Mr Frank. Vancouver
C P Castle, Montana
Miss V.'oolea, B C
O M RichArd & w. Pa
Mrs A Richard. Pa
E T Gllrnan. >Tev
R S Warner & w, JI»x
G Sherard, Mexico
W Robblnr. N»w York
A Uaueriw. Chicago
E H Jennins&w. N" T
Louts Lceb, Rock Iln-i
W S Stitt. New York
F F Peabodyiw. Cnxo
J N' Tlodale. New York
C T Woetx&w. Ki>w Tk
C A/Emberser. X Y '
Mrs/j W Sha»", N Y,
Mrs VT H Raw, NY|
A Whlteslde. Enxiand
H A Crawford. Mich
K A L*ttro*n. Mich
B Cramer. Mich
J B Ro»s. New Tork
F> M larenson. Mass •
F O EvansAw, Inwa i
H E T-esan, St Lou!sj
J H Bortleaux. Butte
Mr StaCord. Buftalo
Dr T A Warner. Minn
C R Jadd. Grand Kpdai
L Vf A'.tken, IVirnlt !
c: C Ph'lbrook. Mich j
J C Herber. Shriner
S B Getcbell. Shrlner
J-H Yfawoii. t^hrlner
Thos H Garrett. Srr.tr
Jno iloat. Shriner I
"W H Carrier&w, 8hr.r
D L CornwaldAw. Shr
F W LewU.xw, Shrar
H Weed A w. Shrtner
N A fttili^rt. Shrtner
C FlnK. 8hrin*r
J L B«a<ntf&tr, Shrtnr
S R PhelpsAw, Srrnr
J K irofutAw. Shrnr
T B Wnrreniw, Shmr
Miss W*rren. ghriner
H Ashlfj'sw, Shriner
Miss Ashley, Shrinsr
J T Carfj.-icw. Fhrnr
F VT Ly:t. Shrlnti
L JS Wood." Shrlner
J A "WoiOJlt. s?hrli.er
F M Boalne. SJirtrer
C N D/keu<an, ghrlnar
.' J Finhir Shriner
K Setier. S'»rtner
O Chlera A. vr. s?nr?n*r
Dr.L Bart*? A w, flhrn
Mrs J DicKlR»>r Shin
Mr Mooretv. Phriner
A M JUlM^r Khrlncr
. W A "Whjtta^rvJic-. smr
T I PhmctA*. Shmr
G A Ore**. Shriner
J 31 Stolrer&w, Shrnr
Miss Strahan. Shrirwr
Miss Anderson. Shrtnr
iMrs C E Purcell. Shrn
| Miss L Hoag. Shriner
Mbs M TVylle. Shriner
A A ret* & w. Shrnr
J Waddell & w. Shmr
J B Lambie&tv. Slirlar
VT W Branch**-, Shrn
J T Ashworth, Shrnr
J M Raymond. Shriner
B I) Vaughn. Shrtner
S C Parry. dirln«r
E Gilbert. Shriner I
R F- Brown. Shriner
|O C DlefendorfAw, Sh
G H Perry4w. Sarlner
P JCewmark, Shrln»r
Mrs M K Jones, Shrnr
Jin G J» Jonev Shrnr
S O Reynolds, Shrln-sr
Ij n«»rie & w.-snrtrtr
iH XV Arntrieadc;* . JRi
i A C Tocktri-w, Shrlnr
II JacJuon.'lw. Shriner
J P d» Lanur. N r
A lire A de Lanw. NT
F. IV* W!!«on, Shriner
O T Slnclslr&w. Shmr
jC n Tln«l*y4w. Sh-nr
F T Pritchsrdsiw. Shr
A F»:t A wife, bhrlner
C Chipraan&w. ahrr.»r "
A Lrnr, Shriner ;
IJ B BaiR»tt*w. Stirsr
Experiments are -being- jnade In India
with the Iccusi fungus. In the hope or «v
Unclnatinz that pest
13
MEDICAL.
UfiS. GOOIWIN. the v<-;:-J:nown expert en
.!ii=ea5<_»e of votiicji. has returned from Eu-
- I »-: a t:-pat::ipnl r-uuram^J to g;v« insLaut
rr*i«f ice a:iv «iimc-rtt; aaf« anj reliable; 10
¦vfirf in 0 <"• Hospital. London: practice a In
B. r Kineo :SS1; taalexTuty home; fie low.
¦ lf£S Marlu-t st. »
MISS. I>R. WVKTH. reliable *,pe«H:ilist : 25 yr»." /
surceTMuI — ictlcs:; puarj>nr«?el treatment at \
office; ar.y r.iJtv.ent: hx.tr.e lor patients; con- i
fiilt fre*. n: Pert ft., tret. Hyde r.!id Larkin. j
MRP. »Ft. KOHL. S?7 M«rket rt.. cor. Sixth— I
Safe r.tid i-~Ualj>* laJUs' speclali^t : 25 years' ¦
.•nooeasfBi j>rsicttce; positive <-ure guaranteed, j
r»H. POPTEB. specialist for all frrr.ale ail-!
menu; imetlco CT year?. *C2 Xearny st.; j
ca-i !>o «<M-.t. J
mi>:;> aad mimng. i
. ¦ ¦ M.S b->usht anrt ecM: Jilsa Ftock* in mines !
n".± oil PVRPCBtfC TW John Titton. rms. !
<Mi iw,- p,, rrf . Mdr. : in-i::. l-s.
L ...-_. _. '|
IIATIUMI'MAL.
¦ \ TI.KMF.N willing to merry wealthy ladles
imA V:? for llrt. MRS. HF.P.TZ. 706 El'.l« et.
MURRIAGR bureau: oorfldential lirt, JOe. I
MR. BLAKH. 2g: K'-arr.y st.. roorry 4 and a. j
HUSCKt—AWKUL'S— -VUH BAJLB. j
bOtLKKS. fr.pin»s. ;<J-!-.and machinery. Me- I
INTO5H & WOLPMAN. 195-1S7 Fremont St. |
I^ARS. back bar*, n.irrors. showcases. counter*,
I'.nclevm. new sr.d second har.d: we alway*.
ha\-e a lcrge rrc-k ot saloon outfits on ban? ;
I! complete rutCts on one floor, ready maul-;
we can aMy everything in 14 hours. J.
XOONAN. JOT, IS:*. 1**1. 1C23 Mission «t-.
ahove Flx'.Jv. ivr'-te Tor catalogue.
A riM". !r.!^: i r.irr.blr.alion billiard and pool
ta.b> vk'.ih comr'.ete outfit of balls. cue*.
rjfff. etc, at one-third tJi«w original cost.
Call at cfr.ee. 763 Market Et.
A — BUY*, t-ellu or rer.ts gear machinery, en-
rit:es. liciler*. water pipe*, shaftlns pulley*.
»!:. TVHITELAW. 116 Spear St.
F<">K sa!e— Fir.e yacht. 2: feet long. 11-ft. beam, i
Fcr particulars Inquire cf M. O. FEUDXER, I
CSS Market st. !
TTPEWr.ITEP.S at acy price to close them ]
rut: difr«T»"r.t makes: call early for bargains. I
TTPEViTUTKR EXCHANGE, 4'jS California. J
FOR Sa'e— IS volumes fcumdard law textbooks:
ode* roo>1 condition; reasonable.
V.i Taylor *t.. S. F.
A-T0-TON Howe wa*on ecale; compound
b<arr.. Apply tf t!6 California st.
A—:: AND £3 H. P. boiler; S H. P. engine:
cheap. J_BURKE. 183 Beaje st.
DOMESTIC eewir.g- machine; 7 drawer*, almost
new. cheap. 1J15 Mission Et.. near Fifteenth.
FOR Irirh national flairs and banners call on
C. J. BARRON. ir.7 Market Ft.
W SND-HAND enameled bath tubs; K> H. P.
Westinjhouse motor; cheap. 204 Mission et.
TYPEWRITERS. Id-har.d. all makes, at lorn
fiffure*. L. & M ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y-
C«?cilne or distillate engine* . new end 2d-hind:
all elzes; guaranteed. NEWELL. S« Bluxoraa
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines ar.d
boilers bought and gold. KP.OGH MFG. CO.
ID-HAND steara, gas, oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and soM. White. £16 Mission.
THOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern roods
bought, soil, exctanped. 109 Montgomery st.
F \FES— New asd 6econd hand. THE HER-
MAN BATE CO.. 417-4:3 Sacramento tt.
MAGIC lartern*. new and M-hand moving
picture*. BCLLARD * BRECK. 131 Post *t.
FAFES- New ar.d second hand; ell sizes. THE
WALTZ PAFE. IW-TU Market ft.. San Fran.
SIlStr.LLA.NKOLi WA-VTS.
WANTED— First -clas-s horizontal engine, about ,
?/• 11 P. : Meyer cut-oft or automatic pre-
frrrf-S; will consider I'lain elide or balance |
valve. Box 1074. Call office. j
t'KFlTE desk and ty{«»wjiter desk, eeeond-
har.'! ; «tstf price. Box. 2109. Call office.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought A .
mrHA. Hlwi imn. <•>.» Tv.;»-.m- t»l :••,- '«.-.ri ">'»l
ttOVUV 'IX » LOAA.
A— MON'EY to loan «t rates which people can
sfforci to pay en furniture, pianos, etc; do
not 1m» IOW of your friends or y<->u will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers I
asd vou will be better eatisfl*d; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms i« and 10. 1*56 Market *t.
>.NY prPtrmrft*im. any amount; 6 per cent: first,
seoo&d mortpapes. estates in probate, interest
;-i <vMf<-5. legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and Becariti™ Room 16. 1st floor.
CbroRirle building. HALLORAX & OLSEN.
ANV amount at € per cent; first. 2i and Sd rnort-
tfcCf-s. undivided interest, real estate In pro-
fat'-: ir.ort cages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my vnn« brtw* doinir business else-
*hTe. R. Mc<"OLCAN. 'I Montgomery, r. J.
RIGHLT respectably private place ta obtain
! !»-ral advar^^s on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 64S Market
rt.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
I.' iWK.TT rates on furniture, etc., by private
1-arty; no rcmovaJ; no commission; conflden- '
tiai. Room 3. Conservatory bMg.. 301 Jones.
V'PT reliable place to. borrow on diamonds, '
watches, jewelry- W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price fcr old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick: lowest interest: €8J>y terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market ft., room Ct.
MONEY loared salaried people without 6ecurity.
HILL. ra. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
JlOO.OOO TO loan on reel estate or for building;
lew rate. Home Bldg. Co., 2T2 Sansotne. r. I.
CAP H loaned on salaries; New Tork plan. THIS
TOUSLET CO.. 221 Parrott bulldinr.
' CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorse*-. MORRELL. CC9 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
¦ dcraer. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
J1OXEY WAATED.
~AJ~ED— 1200: rood Interest; secured. 209
Sevath tt.. Oakland.
MUSICAL I>S»TIlfJrtE.VTS.
TEETU3 era bazxaina and bargains, but no
barfal&a that can at all compare with the
barraiss that we are cSTerinc. Just think of
m. tboroasfciy rood, reliable piano for S2S0 that
eta b« warranted In every respect and sold
OS *aer payznenta. By and by yon can ex- :
charge It for a fine Decker & Son or Packard
and have th* full amount paid on It so as
part payment. This Is one of the bargains
¦w fca.v« to o2er. SUUVAIS' MUSIC CO..
7'S Market rt.
MATJVAIS" MUSIC CO. TO Market et., are th«
agesta for Decker & Son, Packard. Baumels-
tar. £mi— Sc Barnes. Wlllard and Arlington
plaaoe.
> .T person having use for a plaso can be ac-
cosaaodated at £b~m an. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each th© best
ct tbdr — ade. from Etelnway down. Priv-
ilege elvea to exchange medium and low
priced rlano» for a new Etelnway any thn«
within three years from date of purchase,
Beautlfcl new uprights sold for IC cash and
1-. per moct— We cf7er to sell aoxne rood
place* at S3. S* and SS per mouth. 6HEK-
MAN. CLAtf * CO., Ctelnwa^ dealers, cor-
r.er JCearnr and Butter its., San Francisco:
corner Broadway and Thirteenth it.. Oak-
land.
ALL uprirhts— -1 Novella. W
« r.ew Kelsos..Jll« cp 7 Marshalls »1Z» up
1 Chlckenngs.. ISSup t EchaeSert 1W up
S He'.nes JSSup 2 Etelnways 1S5 up
4 Hallet-t>avls 445 up, 7 Jewetts 285 up
2 Behr Bros.*.. 235 up! 2 Mai>on-Hamllns SS5 tip
We banSle all raakoe; a rents for aom« of
the olSett and most famous pianos In exist-
ence; Hallett-Davls. Behr Broe.. etc; agents
wanted; rents and easy payments. HEINE
Piano Co., 117 Geary st.
$175— STEDfWAT nprisfct. Room 88. 21? Geary
street.
AESOLT'TELT the oldest end largest houi-e
west of Ccloro is KO11LKK St CHASE'S. 2«.
2S and SO O"F»rre!l St.; pianoa. orrans and
ell other musical Instruments of ail gra'des
and prices; terras easy; prices lowest: every-
thlr.r possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
IF too want a kooA plaso. second-hand or
new. Tjprlrbt or eqnare, at a epecial low
price- and easy terms, come and see- us. The
* J. DEWIN'O CO., 12 Flood building;.
A-ELAVCHTER sale of hlrh rrade new and
s<rcond-nand pianos to realize advances airl
rtorage (Inrtallmenta). WILSON'S PTOR-
AGE. TO8 Market et.
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano:
nearly new ; murt b« «old. ¦ 3C1 Jor.es st.
CLOSING out etock of elerant pianos; send
fcr price. XV. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
FINE standard upright piano: must be sacri-
ficed is C days: leaving city. 24 Golden Gate.
WANTED — Five rood square pianos for coun-
try tchools. BTRON MAUZY. IM Post St.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck, Kardman. Con-
dver ar.d others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 214 Post.
BAROAIN — iluet be sold; nice upright piano.
6CHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.. next Hib. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright chesp: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORX17XO. iH McAllister. .
-BTRO.V MAUZT. aeency Fohmer & Co.. IJyron
» Matizy. Gabler and piano*. 308 Host.
SPECIAL SALE— Immrnse redactions; see our
leader, on !y JIM. BlfL'ENX. !C* Post st.
AT KEEFFTTJ5. 553 Market *t.. 4 elecant Up-
rights «t yvur own price. Shonlnirer ¦g«ncy.
EEST lent ftnrk lr city; new plsnos, fi per
-«.fh. SCOTT-CURTAZ. ECO Hayes st
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^
A FEW new pianos for $150; second '
hand from $30. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
1C O" Farrell *t. Chickertng and Vote agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. ,
MfLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
rail. 1C fares. Rent In any address In the
T'nit«><1 States or Canada one year for $1.
OFFICES AXD &TORE 2_^°_J^ ET '
CWR^^lT^TOTe^We^rcorSeTFourth and Perry
its.; occupied as grocery and bar for past 30
years: rent $29; water fret. Apply to G. H.
IMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
DESK room with os« of telephone and private
room: rent reasonable. 9)« Market St.. r. 1.
CHEAP, llcht r-rnees. Emma Spreckels bul!d-
tnc >?7 Market »t.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. S3O Pine «reet.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL. I.AJVDS FOB SALE.
OIL LANDS! „ ,
120 acres In Tebama Co.. three miles from
Corning Oil Co.. working $4000 plant.
1C0 acres in Kern Co. partly fenced, with
house, and lightly furnished. W. A. JAMEa.
owner, ore of Smith's Cash Store.
l'AINTK!l> AM* DKCOHATOm.
Wall paper, window ehades; rooms papered. $3
up. Jfpten A Hath. SC8 SUth: open evenings.
'' 1'ALMISTRY.
H^JEROMeTfoTsELLI. scientific palmist, 515
' Taylor st.. bet. Q*?ary and Post: tel. Black S61.
l'ATEMS AMI FKNSIONS.
ADVICE^free: no charge unless successful.
OEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
; I'ERSOAALS.
¦ a— IF vour hair is falling or you are bald, call
I on DR G. S. MOORE. 4S8 Geary St.. and you
will net be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed : call or send for circular.
i if you wish to be successful In all your affalis
and bring health, happiness, love and all that
Is goed within your reach, you must learn
how To influence people: private Instruction.
MRS. C. VALEEN. 215 Leavenworth st.
M\N cf good morals, fond of children, wants
to make the acquaintance of good woman*
object, matrimony. Address box E67. Call.
M. 6AURET. florist and decorator. Is now at
."44 Ocary Ft.; rhone 2181.
KR CASES sparkling Hochhelmer. vintage 'S2.
116 per case, reduced to $10: 1000 gallons very
old port, sherry and muscatel wine $2 per 'gal-
lon, reduced to $1. F. HOLTUM, Johannes-
turg Wine Vaults, 517 California st.
ELECTRIC lisht in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms:
I5c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
TOUNG gentleman, stranger In city, wishes to
meet lady; obj. friendship. Mat. box 2092. Call.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
SCHOOL to learn hairdresfing. hair work, man-
icuring: private lessons or class. MIS3 A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
Jl WEEKLY; suits to order from genuine I
Scotch. $13 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant o\-ercoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market *t.. between Seventh and Eighth.
PRIVATE detective- work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie et.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. WlgB;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 7S3 Mkt.
GOOD hcir.e open for healthy boy or girl baby. ¦
Mrs. Dr. Fucke. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1C21 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
| MACHINE turning, metal spinning, brass fin-
ishing & models made.. A. Graff. 10 Stevenson.
' SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1118 Butter st.
DR. LAMOTTE*S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c; all druggists. •
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1: at all druir*i*ts.
1'H VSICIA.VS A.XIi SVKUUOXS,
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
10114 Market et., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats ~!l diseases of the human body: see
totlmn-.l: ',m at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
KfclAL tSTATK CliV KO.I BALE.
ALL^EN^INiTBARGAINS iTPrHIsTliT!
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
I270O— Two swell Mission flats; E rooms each
and stable: rents $30; mortgage $2300.
J2S0O— Sacramento st., east cf Powell; rents
J25: one tenant 10 years.
$3500— Three nice flats; all rented; near Nine-
teenth and Mission Ets. ; pays 10 per cent.
$5500— Corner 40xSO, with good 10-room
house; Hyde st ,
$7750— Splendid Investment; near Van Nees
ave.; rents $S1.
13000 — Three 8-room modern flats; rented low
$S5. near Leavenworth st.
$3500— Business property; Ninth et., near
Mission; rents $45.
$11.000— Store and 2 strictly modern flats of
7 and 9 rooms; north of Market St.
$12,500— Leavenworth St.; rents $105; lot 55»
foot front.
$15,000— G^and corner business property; rents
$112; lot 55x90 feet.
121.000— Eight grand flats. 5 and 8 rooms;
near Jones st. ; lot 75x137; pay a 10 per cent.
JJS.OOO— Business property of 4 stores and 8
flats; rents $250.
$$8,000— Mlsslon-st. corner; 170x160; actually
worth $55,000; must sell at once.
$40.000— Corner: Golden Gate avet ; 137:6x137:6;
rents $240.
$55.000— Orand corner: 60-foot front; few
blocks from Orpheum; pays 6 per cent net.
$75.000— Grand corner; 60- foot front; within
block of Tivoll: old improvements; rents $400.
Other bargains.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
~ CiTT LOTS. ~"
Five lots, corner Bronte and Jefferson sts., 2
blocks from electric cars; good marine view.
One lot in town of Amedee, Lacsen County.
For sale cheap for cash. Call or address
W. A. JAMES, owner, care Smiths' Cash Store.
ANT of those choice lots that I am offering
in Richmond will be worth double within i
years, they are so cheap; buyers can pay
In Installments If they wish to; lots ready to
build on and cars passing; close in and very
desirable. W. J. GUNN. 630 California st
LOTS on Palmer. Laldley and Mateo its., from
25 to 100 feet frontage; also a garden, 100x100;
well, trees, etc.: the above will be sold at a
reasonable figure; owner wishes to leave th«
city. Apply 198 Laldley st.. corner Fair-
mount; Ban Mateo cars.
$1300— CHEAPEST home In the city; to effect
quick tale; « rooms and stable; well of water
produces 1000 gallons per day; street accepted
by city; cement sidewalk; plank side en-
trance: part caah. Call Immediately on H.,
XV. DAVIS. 415 Twenty-ninth, nr. Banchei.
fTW— 60x104 feet: « flats and rear house: rent
$6«. Apply 2S17«4 Twenty-second st. rear, be-
tween i and 11 o'clock a. m.
r507 WASHINGTON ST. ~~
$4800; must be sold en account of departure;
house of 7 rooms and bath; let 25x127 :tti.
FOR the best located. lots In Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. £30 California.
IF you bave !cta to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
• 16 pare*. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
REAL ESTATE—- COUATRY—For *¦!«*
$500— r: ACRES Lake Co.: 11& miles from town; ,
6-room bouse, barn: S acres bearing orchard;
runnp-.p water. PCO— 1C8 acres Lake Co.j
house, bam; 450 fruit trees; M acres level;
rood Indications of oil on this land. C. F.
MOORE. 836 Majket ct. room' 6. ¦
FOR Sale — A beautiful home of 11 acres, about
half In bearing fruit trees; modern house of
7 rooms; windmill and tankhouse, barn and
chicken-house*, etc; about 300 chickens,
horse and carriage, tools, etc.. Included: a
good income on the place; owner going to the
old country: price M500; terms to suit. Call
or address MRS. L. JACOBSEN. Ltvermore,
Cal. ¦ • " — ':'¦
ORANGE LAND. " " "
120 acre* ln-Tulare County, it miles from
Perterrllle, partly fenced: 6-room house.
6 acres In Lo« Anjelea Co., near Pasadena.
VT. a. JAMES, owner, j cart Smiths' Cash
Etore.
FOR FaJe — 12SO acres in the heart of Glenn
County oil district. 4 miles from the. gusher.
at $2 M per acre, or will subdivide. Address
room 37.5, Parrott huildinc. I
M. GRIFFIN. 71» Market St.. near Call bldg.. |
has ririnted lists farms in Sonoma. Sharta,
Santa Clara. Santa Crux and other counties. :
WRITE J. W. HORN.N 812 Main. Peuluma. for
free copy of 6onoma Co. real estate bargains.
A WEEK'S news ror 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
It narw. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. \
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
€ MONTHS or more, residence 12 rooms, mod-
ern improvements, stable, convenient to de-
pot, orchard; alfo flat, 7 rooms, stable, large
rround*. conveniently located. Apply P.
GARDNER. Mill Valley. Cal.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE;
MARION GRIFFIN, • I
713 Market, near Call bldg. Tel Black 1S03.
I have a long list of city and country prop- ;
erty for wale and exchange. Please call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS. !
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
VERY special bargains: foreclosure properties;
genuine snaps; enough said, as I do not be- ¦
lleve In extended ads. J. A. REMMEL, Bay
Station. AlaxnedA.
ALAMEDA Fl'RMSIlED HOUSES.
TO rent — A handsomely furnished 2-Btory house
of 9 rooms, bath, closet*, etc, and large
grounds and garden: convenient to trains
and elecUlc cars. ELDER Rental Bureau,
22 Kearny St.: phone Red 2334. . •_
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BGRKELEY UKAI. ESTATB. - -
XEW up to date 6-room cottage, bath, pantry,
folding doors, wooden mantel, china closet;
also medicine closet, porcelain bath and tile-J
I sink; patent closet, gas and electric lights;
hot and cold water; stationary tubs; brick
foundation ; 7- foot basement: two bay-win-
dows; large lot; all fenced and cross fenced;
chicken house, 'etc., price $1800; terms to suit;
only two blocks from- station and street car
lines: take Berkeley train.' get off at Lorin
station. RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
Lorln.
Office open Sundays.
• -ROOM modern house within U block of sta-
tion; street work all done: all large rooms
and clorets; price flSCO; S200 cash, balance
$15 50 monthly; house will rent for $17 50;
best location In town for business; take
Berkeley train, get off at Lorln station.
RUDOLPH. PERKINS A LYON, Lorin.
Office open Sundays.
$M0f>-$100. BALANCE $20 per month, will buy
a new 6-room cottage; porcelain bath, tiled
sink; only 1 block to train and electric cars;
furniture if desired. W. C. MORAN.
$1300— NEW 6-room cottage; $100 cash, balanc
$13 per month; t blocks to ears. W. C.
HORAN. Lorln station, Berkeley.
{1200 — NEW" 5-room cottaRe; lot 40x126: on sun-
ny side of street: $325 cash, balance $12 50
per month. W. C. MORAN, Lcrtn station.
Berkeley.
$530— BIGGEST -bargain In town; lot 45x120 on
Bbattuck ave.; half block of depot; street
macadamized and cement sidewalk; owner
must sell: cheap for quick sale; only $350.
MAT A MORTIMER. Berkeley station.
$26<K>— ALMOST new home, with all ¦ improve-
ments.
$3600— Nobby new house. 7 rooms; street Im-
proved. MAY & MORTIMER, Berkeley sta'n.
FOR sale or lease — Beautifully situated 7-roon:
houre; fronting university grounds. Address
H. I. COON, owner. 222 Sansome St.. S. F.
EDTITTVAIE nWEPTICEMENTC
rKUllYALcAuVLKIloLMr,l\lo
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
CHICKENS! Chickens!— now Is the time for
chickens; 1 acre of fine deep alluvial soil,
together with nil Improvements, for $1250; only !
$200 cash, balance $14 per month; all fenced ;
with 4-room house: surrounded by the beautl-
¦ ful hills of Fruttvale. Inquire of RUDOLPH,
PERKINS & LYON; office open Sundays;
take Berkeley train, get off at Lorln station.
'OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE!.
$100 CASH, $10 monthly; I acre of superb land:
sandy loam soil; assorted orchard in full
bearing: also small vineyard; 3-room cottage,
windmill. 50,C<X>-sallon tank; Al water: large
barn, chicken-houses and outhouses: Im-
mense *hade trees, shrubbery and flcwers
surrounding: this Is a rare property in a very
delightful spot; Laurel Grove Tract, adjoin-
ing East Oakland; near a fine 3-story school-
house; av.-ay from cold winds and fog; near
Laurel Grove ave.. off School St.; here is a
lovely spot for a home, which you can get
on rental basis; price,. all told. $1200.- Call or
send for circular. 455 Seventh st.* opposite
Broadway Ftatlon. Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES, owner.
FOR bargains in Berkeley or Oakland proper-
ty see R. J. MONTGOMERY, room 3. fourth
floor. Mills building, San Francisco, or 417
Ninth et., Oakland.
FIVE-room cottage and bath; lot 25 by 133 feet;
good well and windmill; price $1600; cash $500
and balance on easy terms. Inquire 214 Han-
nah St., Watts Tract, Oakland.
OAKLAND FIKMTUHB FCR SALK.
AN Introduction to you from H. Bchellhaas. the
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland.
UO(1>1S KUll HOCSKKKKIMXG.
GEARY, 631— Furnished housekeeping rooms
with eas stove; rent reasonable.
HOWARD, 1703— Nicely furnished, bay-window,
suited for light housekpg. : also single rooms.
KEARNY, 215— Furnished front suite house-
ketptng rooms; also other small furn. room;
$1 50 to $5 a week. MRS. E. M. TOBIN.
LARK IN, S-'VI — 2 sunny back housekeeping
rooms furnished or partly; $10.
MISSION, 172914. nr. 13th— 2 ' sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath and laundry; $8.
OAK, 119 — Sunny parlors furnished for house-
keeping; large closet; range; storage; $14.
POWELL. 415%— Two unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping. ,
SECOND. 212— Well furnished for housekeeping;
neat, clean and respectable; reasonable.
SIXTH. 136— Front suite, furnished for light
housekeeping; also other rooms.
ETOCKTON. 807— Elegantly furnished floor of
4 sunny rooms; also single rooms.
TWO furnished housekeeping rooms. Inqulro
£33 Mission st.
VALENCIA. 12S2— 1. 2 or I furnished • rooms ;
light housekeeping; sunny all day; gas, bath;
near depot.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at JC2S
Valencia St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements nnd subscriptions
received at Call branch nfflce. 71(fi Fllimor*.
KOOMS TO 1,BT— I'nrn. And llntnrn.
ARGYLE. The. McAllister st.. cor. Larkin-
Thls high-class rooming-house is newly open-
ed; it has been elegantly and tastefully fur-
nished: every Improvement for comfort and
sanitary requirements has been adopted; all
outside, punny rooms, with or without baths;
parties with references are invited to inspect
above premises; rooms shown In the evening.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 121 Urant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance; larre rooms; , modern conveniences;
rooms SOc up; first. -class meals 20c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK House.. 14$ Sixth-Rooms 25c
to $1 per night; $1 23 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping: open all night.
BURNETT, U26 Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single: also unfurnished.
FOLSOM, 767 A— Xicely furnished rooms; bath.
FRONT parlor and bedroom; comfortably fur.
nished: suitable for 1 or 2 g-entlemen', $12;
near Sixteenth and Mission. Box 2087, Call.
FULTON, 525 — Large furnished double room;
bath; suitable for two.
OEART, 47S— Alcove suite. $1S per month.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. JO;©— Well furnished
runny room; free telephone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
JONES, 1540— 1 furnished room to let; $«.
MARKET, 1055. over shoe ttore— Bunny fur-
nished rooms: transient; for gentlemen only.
MARKET. 1122 — Nice bay-tvlnuow suite, three
rooms; new and clean; rent reasonable.
MINNA. 172— Nicely furnished rooms, clean and
light; single and double; $1 25 and $1 GO. ,
MINNA. C«7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay "Window room; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market «t.-Nlcely
'furnished rooms, }2 a week up; &c a day up.
O'FARRELL. M— Sunny furnished rooms and
ofnees; elevstor; el«c. lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL, JHA-2 tunny furnished rooms,
¦ front and side; $3 and $4. .
O'FARRELL. T42— Nicely furnished parlor, en.
suite or single; gas, bath, phone; $10 to $24.
O'FARRELL. 77*- Handsomely furnished bacK
parlor and oth«r rooms; running water; bath.
ROYAL House, 12« EJlis— Incandencent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and. ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per right. S3c to $1 SO; week. $Z.to
IS; month, $S to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROBEDALE House. 313-321 Ellis «».— Rooms.
night.- 25c to »1 : week. t\ 2S to $4: open night:
SHERMAN Apnrtment. House. « Eighth st.'.
near Market— Furnished' or unfurnished/
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nnd Unf am.
3TANLEY place, 36. nr. Harrison-Furnished
front room for lady with home accommod'ns.
SUTTER, K0V4— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms, *»; suites. $12 to 125 mo.
IHE BERLIX, 238 Kearny— Elegant suites;
single rooms; running water; transient. !
rillRD, 251. . upstairs— Nice, sunny rooms, sin-
gle, at low rates.
rURK, : &£-Nicely furnished front room ; also
other rooms: rent reasonable. . .
TWELFTH, li— Furnished bedroom and kitch-
en for housekeeping: rent $8... .
TWELFTH, HI— Large sunny room In private
- family: suitable for couple; reasonable.
VAX NESS ave., 613—3 or 4 unfurnished sunny
rooms. - .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia ft. ' ¦ -
ROOMS AM) HOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, wtth annex £07 California St.. may
be .found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and eightly rooms at modest rates.'
E.LEOANTLY A newly furnished runny apart-
ments, with or without board: cuisine unex-
celled. 11C3V4 Broadway, cor. 12th St.. Oak-
land, top flocr. MRS. M. C. ROBINSON*. Prop.
ROOMS and board: prices reasonable. 415
Flr»t Bt. .
rooms axd no Ann wasted.
WAXTEI* br single man. board and room In
private family. Box 2C80. Call.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year, for fl,
postage paid. .
(EWIXG MACniJSES A.\D SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds' bought, sold r.nd repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1815 Mission, nr. ISth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re- '
paired; <fren even.: phone Black 1124, 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 8th: phono Mint S.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE of the County Clerk.' and' ex-offlclo
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors, of the
County of San Mateo. State of California.
XOTICE OF SALE OF FRANCHISE. ..
Public notice is hereby given that on the
ISth day of February. A. D. l»01, W. D. K.
GIBSON, as applicant, made to. and flHd
with, the Board of Supervisors of the County
of £an Mateo. State of California, a written
application for a franchise and privilege.
which Eald application was, and Is, in the
words and figures following, to-wlt:
"To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors
of the County of San Mateo. State of Cali-
fornia:
•'Gentlemen: I hereby apply to your hon-
orable body for a franchise and privilege to
construct and operate a single or double
track railroad, of standard gauge, for the
period of fifty years, with the privilege ot
erecting and maintaining the necessary poles,
wires and appliances for an electric trolley
system, upon, the following public highways
in the county of San Mateo. State of Cali-
fornia, to-wlt: .
"1. Over, upon and across the Mission
county road on a center line distant forty
feet, more or less, from its intersection with
the westerly line of the right of way >.' the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company at Baden
crossinc.
"2. Over, uoon and across, that county
road at Ean Bruno known as San Bruno lane,
adjacent and parallel to the westerly line of
the right of way of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company.
"3. Over, upon and across that county
road at San Bruno known as the San Bruno
read, adjacent and parallel to the westerly
line of the right of way of the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company.
"4. In the townslte known as. the Mlllbrae
Villa Tract, along, over and' upon that cer-
tain street known as Railroad avenue, which
lies adjacent to the westerly line of the
right of way of the Southern Pacific Rail-
road Company, from the northerly boundary
line of raid Millbrae Villa Tract to the south-
erly line thereof, with the necessary' turn-
outs; and over, upon and across cald Mlll-
brae avenue, between Railroad avenue an-!
Hemlock avenue, to the southerly line of
- said avenue.
'5., Over, upon and across that county road
at Burllngame known as Burlingame avenue,
where San Mateo drive. If extended, would
Intersect said avenue. • • •
"6. Over, upon and across that certain
road known as Peninsular avenus at its in-
tersection wtth that read in Howard's Bur-
llngame townslte known as San Mateo drive.
"Together with all necessary switches and
turnouts.
•"I respectrully ask that your Honorable
Board advertise this application In accord-
ance with the provisions of the art entitled.
'An net to amend an act > entitled "An act
providing for the sale of railroad and other
franchises in municipalities, and relative to
granting of franchises." approved March 23.
1Vj3, by amending section 1 of said act,' ap-
proved March 15. 1897.
"Dated Redwood CUy, California. Febru-
ary 12th, !90i:.
"W. D. K. GIBSOX. Applicant."
And public notice Is hereby further given
thut on the cald ISth day of February, 1901, In
cpen session of the said Board of Supervisors,
the raid application was read and considered,
whereupon said board voted, and by resolu-
tion duly adopted, determined and announced
that it proposed to grant eald application,
franchise and privilege, and directed that the
fact that an application for such franchise
and privilege had been mad« to said board,
together with a statement that It was. and
Is, proposed by said board to gran; the same
be advertised In The San FrancUco Call, a
dally newspaper published In th* city and
county of Ean Francisco. State of California.
as provided by law and as directed by said
resolution.
And public notice is her? by f urU «r given that
the character of the franchise and pMvilege pro-
posed to be granted by said board Is to con-
struct and operate a single or double track
railroad, of standard gauge, with the privi-
lege of erecting and maintaining the neces-
sary poles, wires and appliances for an elec-
tric trolly system, and the term of Its con-
tinuance is fifty years, and the route to b-
traversed.by said railroad Is over, upon and
across the roads, highways and streets -men-
tioned in said application.
And public _ notice is hereby further given
that pursuant to law and the said resolution
of sold board and as thereby, and as therein
directed, the raid Board of Supervisors uro-
* posed to srant the said application, franchise
and privilege prayed for by said applicant,
and that on Monday, the first day of April,
A. D. 1S01, at the "hour of 10 o'clock a. m.,
at the chambers of said board, at the Court-
house in Redwood City. In the county of Ban
Mateo. State of California, bids or tenders
will be received by saldlboard for such fran-
chise and privilege, and that said board will
then and there. In cpen session of said board,
read raid bids and tenders and consider nrvl
act thereon, and will award said franchise
and Drivileee to the highest bidder, and iu
', accordance with the act of the Legislature
mentioned In said application.
By order of said Board of Supervisors maJ»
and dated this 18th day of February. A. D.
1C01. M. H. THOMPSON.
County Clerk, and ex-oifclo Clerk of th»
Board of Supervisors, ot said County ot
Ean Mateo, State of California. '
By H. XV. 8CHABERG. Deputy Clerk.
(Seal of Board of Supervisors.)
NOTICE IS IIEREBY GIVEX, ~~
That I, -PIERRE O. SOMPS, formerly carry-'
Ing on business as soda I water manufacturer,
etc.. at Xo. 774-776 Folsom st. In the city ani
county of San Francisco, have sold all of
my said business. Including the Rood will
thereof and the trade names and trade
marks thereof, with the right to use the name
P. G. SOMPS and SOMPS 1 PODA WORKS,
and that I am no longer Interested or in any
. w»r connected with said business since the
2Sth day of Fehruary, 1301, and I am not
liable for any of its obligations since said
last mentioned date.
Dated, San Francisco,' March 4th. 1901. "
- -.-'.. PIERRE O. SOMPg.
IX the Superior Court of tn« City and County
ct fian Francisco. -State of California— In th<
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
poration, upon Us application for a Judgment
of dissolution. Xotlce.— Xo. 7E.397. *r>ept. 10.
Xotlce in hereby given that Honolulu Sucar
Company, a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws 6f tho
Btat« of California, and having Its oMce and
place of business In the <Mty and county of
Ean Francisco. Rtate of California, has "filed
its application, fluly verified and signed bv a
majority of Its board of directors, a«ldre»leu
to the Superior Court of the city an»1 county
of San Francisco, . State of California, pray-
ing; for a Judgment of dissolution of raid
'corporation: and that Monday, March 23th.
l»0l. at 10 o'clock- a, m.. at the courtroom of
raid court. Department No. 10. In the City
Hall of the city and county of Snn Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as the day. time
and place for the hearing of said application
In - witness whereof I hare hereunto set my
hand and nf fixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February. J 901.
[Seal] WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.. {In-
dorsed.) Filed Feb. 18. 1M1. WM. A. DEANE
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk!
IN the Superior Court c-t. the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California— In the
matter of the estate of THOMAS M. CLUFF
deceased. Probate Xo. 22.869. Department 10.
Xotice for publication . of ' time appointed of
hearing: petition for appointment of trustee,
C. C. • P. nCI.-Notlca l« hereby given that
Friday, the 8th day of;March. A. D. 1901. at
JO o'clock a. m.. of that day ahd the- court-
room of Department No.' 10 of enM court, at
ths Xew City Hall, in the City and County
of San Francisco. State of Callrtirnla. ; bav«
been appointed as the time nnd placo for
hearing the . petition ' of T MARdARF.T ' V.
" CLUFF for the 'appointment of WILLIAM
CLUFF - a* - col* trustee ' for ¦ ALPUEI)
THOMAS CLUFF (a minor) under -the East
will of said decease.:
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk. '
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk. • '
r- Indorsed: Filed February 25. J9fll. WM. A.
DEANE. Clerk: by V. K, • NORTHROP.
Deputy. Clerk. . • ¦¦ ¦- - ,
JOHN" II . DICKINSON, attorney for ««xecu-
: «ors. rcom Ij. third f.ior. Mills buiMlne.
"SPECIAL NOTICES. .
LADIES-Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the' best: safe, reliable: take no other;
£ send 4c ttamps for particulars: "Relief for
Ladles" in letter by return mall: at drug-
• gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. PhiladeL. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for 14: collections made;
i city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 53S0.
ROOMS papered from £• up; city or country.
- Hartman Paint Co., S19 3d St.; tel. Red 3521.
A- WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
* 15 page.s. In wrapper, for -mailing. Jl per year.
SHOW . C A K DS^ AND POST E RS
SHOW cards, window tickets, posters. DES-
. MOND. 1170 Market, r. 103. phome Folsom 1S»>.
- STOnAUE A>» >"7Ar»KIlOIISKS.
PIEKc^R^MLlpH^Sto7age^Id^M^vlnT^o^
office. Post and Powell sts. : tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEX WEST Storage Warehouse. S40 Mis-
sion St.: tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Store* Co.. 7*3 Mission st.;
¦tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.' :
' ' - TRfSSES.
MAXUFA'R: elastic stocking*, shoulder braces.
Turnortei s mad«. repaired. Menge. M3 Kf arny.
TVI'KWHITEHS AM) XUPPLIE1
•3REAT BARGAINS IX TYPEWRITERS— W»
veil better machines for lets money than any
house In the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
E»ohanee. S3fi Cull fnrn la : t»lerhnn» Main t f A.
DIVIDEND JCOTICBS.
DlV'IDEXD XOTICE— Dividend No. B (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau' Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market st.. on and after
Monday, March 11. i?oi. Transfer books closed.
Saturday, March 2. 1301. at 12 o'clock m.
¦ t E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
niVIDEXD Xotlce— The Giant Powder Com-
pany icon.) — A dividend. Xo. '27, of seventy,
five cents <75c) per share on the Issued eapl-.
tal 5tock of the company has been declared.
payable at the office of the company. O)
California St.. San Francisco, on March 11.
1901. Transfer book* . close March 4. 1901. at
nocn. JULIAX SOXXTAG. secretary. pro. tem.
ritOPOiiALS.
PROPOSALS for box lockers.— Depot Quarter-
master's Office. 36 Xew Montgomery st.. San
Francisco, Cal., March 4, 1901.— Sealed pro-
posals, in triplicate, will be recelvel at this
office until 11 o'clock a. m.. March 20, 1301.
Pacific Standard time, and then opened, for
. turnlshlrig box lockers. Preference will be
given to articles of domestic production and
manufacture, conditions of price and qual-
ity being equal (Including In the price
of- foreign production and manufacture
the duty thereon), and such preference
will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produc?d- on
the Padflc Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blank* for
proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing: proposals will b« In-
dorsed: "Proposals Xo. 1945" and ad-Wssed !
to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG. Quartermaster, :
U.' S. Army, Depot Quartermaster. . j
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of I
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
Washington. D. C, until 12 o'clock r.ocn, '
March 19, 1901. and publicly opened lmmo- |
dlntely thereafter, to furnish at the Xavy
Yard, Mttre Irland, . Cal., a quantity
of "peaches, raisins, prunes, < beans, corned
beef, tea, screws, fire brick, hardware, lum-
ber, Bho*t lead, Sheet brasa, solder, zinc,
magnesia covering, hose, muriatic acid, lye.
paints, white lead, varnishes, linseed oil.
toilet paper, flreproofed lumber, transformers,
Incandescent lamps, wire, plumbers'- supplies,
steel shapes, steel plates, sheet steel, ther-
mometers, steam traps, valves, gauges, con-
denser tubes, pipe and fittings. Blank pro-
posals will be furnished upon application to
the bureau or to the navy ray office, San
FrancUco. Cal. A. S. KEXXY, Paymaster
General. U. P. X. 2-15-01
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
John J. Haeckl, S5, city," and Daisy E. Bond, !
;o. cit:-.
Benjamin F. Lodford, 31. 15 Chenery street. !
and Fannitf W. Hazen. 23. Los Gates. j
Walter C. Ball}-, 2C, San Carlos, and Wir.l-
frod B.. Pennoyer. 24. 4S2 Page street. s
Arthur H. Wallace. 32, city, and Lily W.
Bours. 26, city. !
Edward' F, Henslee, 34, city, and Xellle F. I
Mucttrd, '27, Xapa. " |
Jpaquln -Santa Cruz, 21. 802 Vallejo street,
and Emilia Ortega, IS, HH'i Kearny street.
Joseph F. Parlo, 22. 3?" Eighth street, and
Catherine F. Dalton, 19. 604A Third street.
Benjamin O'Laguo,- 23. 712 Kearny street, and
Xellle Watts, 22, 304 Third street.
Quan Lun, ZH. 633 Dupont street, and Pon
Yut. 24. 8i)0 Dupont ftrett.
"bTrTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriaze and denth notices sent bv
mall "will not be Inserted. They must be handed'
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence nf per- |
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOHN. i
CROOKER— In this city, to the' wife of A. '
Crooker, a son. ' a |
LUECKE— In this city. March 4. 1201. to the
wife of Herman H. Luecke. a daughter. •
QfJIXIXE— In this city. March 3. 1901, to the
wife of Thomas J. Quinine of Mlllbrae, a
son. . ¦ j j
MARKIED. ~~ ;
BAILY— PENNOYER- In this city. March 4.
ltOI. by the Revr E. H. Avery. D.D.. Walter
C Bally and Winifred Brown Pennoyer. \
HAECKL— BOND— In this city. March 2, 1901,
by the Rev. B. D. HutslnDlller. John James !
Haeckl and Daisy Kline Bond, both of San !
Francisco. . ; j
JOHXSOX-DAHLGREN-In this City. March I
2. 1901, by the Rev. Dr; C. J. E. Hatertue.
pastov of the Evangelical Lutheran Ebenezer
Church. Carl A. Johnson and Wllhelmlna
Dahlgren. both of San Francisco. .. J
JOHNSON— JOHNSON— In this city. March 2. i
1801; by the Rev. Dr. C. J. E. Haterius. paa- i
tor of the Evangelical Lutheran Ebenezer :
Church. John Johnson of Uenicla. Cai., and ¦
Lena Xilson-Johnson of San Francisco.
LEDFORD-HAZEX-In this City. March 4,
1801. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Benjamin F. Lodford of Snn Francisco and i
Fannie W. Hazen of Los Gatos. . ;
LEVY— MALER— In this city. March S. 1901."!
by the Rev. H. X. 8choenfeld. Julius Levy:
and Hilda Maler. both of San Francisco.
MILLS— SMITH-In this city. March S. 1901.
by the Rev. DT. John A. B. Wilson. John
A. Mills of Oakland and Katie E. Smith of
Woodland. .
SJOBLOM-PETERSOX-In this city. March t*j
l?01, by .the Rev. Dr. C. J. E. Haterius. pas-
tor of the Evancelical Lutheran Ebenezer
Church, John SJoblom and Ida Peterson, both
of San Francisco. .
DIED.
'A'rendt. Carolina >'. ¦ Mahone. Alfred C
Asher, Mark Muller. Jacob
Bories, Dora -Xltzgen, Stefan
DrlsenO. Ella Proquitte. Richard
Byler. "Alice L. Rector. Margaret A.
Dall. Marguerite " Reed, Thomas
Faull. John A. .Ryan, John M. .
Geaney, Julia . Shields. Corr>. T. M.
Qlynn, James Sims. Grace M. -
i Hayes. Mary E. Thompson, Robert
Hilton, William H. Wenban. Simeon
James. Francis W. Whlley. William
Jones. Mrs. C. G. Witt. Albert D.
•• Krosberg. Edward" Wurtz. Gertrude
La Vole, - Eugenie Yatea, William H.
Lae, Anton N. .-' ¦ ,
AREXDT— In thts city, March 2. 1901, Carolina
Arendt. dearly beloved, wife of Edward :
Arendt. beloved mother of Mrs. Clara Zim-
mermen ", of Monterey and Carolina Arendt.
and slstpr of William A. Grade, a native of
Braunschweig. Germany, aged 72 years and 9
months. l . -. ¦ •¦ \ i
¦ |C7 Friends nnd acquaintances are respect-!
fully invited to attend the funeral this, day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her lRta resi-
dence, ms Union street, thence to Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, corner of Seventh and Market
streets, where -services wllKbe-held under
the auspices of Wnlhalla Rebekah Lodge Xo.
•ISO. I. O. O. F.; - commencing at J o'clock.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery by electric
" Mr.' from Eighteenth -and Guerrero streets.
Please omit flowers.
THE « officers and members of Walha.Ua Re-
bekah Lodge Xo. 130. I. O. O. F.. are hereby
requested to assemble ct Odd Fellows' Hall. !
" corner ' Seventh and Market streets, this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, to attend the funeral
• of our late sister. Carolina Arendt. , -
. .- vMIPg GREXIN'OER. N. G.
HENRY d. GALL AGH ER CO.
- v' V -,-' (Successor to Flanhagan A Gallagher.)
' - DANIEL P.. DOXOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
' - - .^-r:. Telephone South 8i>. .
, I UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
' ? J7 ''and 23 Fifth* st: ; TeL South 1 1C7.
; iUHIRAL DiaECT03J AHJ EMBALH33?.
I -.. Finest '¦ Equipment at Moderate 'Rates. :
'pRE'M A VON. ~
Cdd .Iellows 1 umsterv Association
I *1-S*!t V ; r.' SAX ; FRAXCISCO, CAL^f; ,,
; .-The charge for cremation to churcn members
and members cf organisations having presiding
officers and secretaries and their families Is i3v.
' .All others , SU. ' .Expensive coffins and orn.i-
, menta are seldom used..- A niche In the Colum-
b&rlum Is a monument And saves the cost of :i
lot and its care and stone v.-ork. - Send for cir-
C " a ' r " " '.GEORGE' R.' FLETCHER. Manager.
CARD OF THAXKS.
The family of the. late George Thompson
hereby desire to express their sincere thanks
t»" their many friends for the kindness and
sympathy extended them In their late be-
reavement. ' .
ST. JOSEPH'S UXION— The semi-annual re-
quiejn mass for the deceased members and
the deceased friends of the living; members of
St. Joseph's -Union wilt be celebrated In St.
Mary'' Cathedral, this day (Tuesday), at
10:30 o'clock. There will be a sermon appro-
priate to the occasion.
ASHER— In Lower Lake. Lake County. Cal.. !
March 4. 1901. Mark, beloved husband of the
tatc Hannah Asher. and father of Samuel j
and Theresa Asher and Levin. Ray and 1
Charles Barnett, a native of Germany, aged .
65 years. - •
CTXotice of funeral hereafter. j
BORiES-In this city. March 3. 1M1. Don»- \
dearly beloved wife of Leon Bories. ana j
dearly beloved mother of Hilda Bories, and i
dearly beloved daughter of Mrs. Charlotte I
Silverstonp. and sister of Sholom, Joseph and I
Emu nuel Silverstcne and Mrs. L. Cohl. Mrs.
L. nirnbaum of this city and Mrs. L. Sless .
of Charleston. S. C. a native o! Xew York. J
aged 52 years 11 months and 11 days. (Port- |
land «nd Seattle papers please* copy.) ;
t-^ Friends and acquaintances are rf-speci- ¦
fully invited to attend the funeral this day ;
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from 112 Lyor. strse:. j
between Oak and Page, thence by train. ;
WvJnsr Third and Townsenrt streets at 11:3; "
¦ o oIock. Interment Salem Cemetery. . |
BR1SEXO— In this city, March 4. 1TC1. Ella. :
belovc-d daughter oj A. F. and Dellla Briseno. ¦
a native of San Francisco, aged 14 days.
BYLER— In East Oakland. March 4. 1901. Alice ;
Laura, beloved daughter of Alexander and j
Lizzie Byler. and sister of Louella ISyler. a |
native of Oakland, aged 6 years 4 months and
4 days. ;
DALL-In this city, March i. 1301, Marguerite,
dearly beloved and only child of Peter and
Marie Dall. a native ot San Francisco, aged
9 days.
FAULL— In this city. March 4. 1301. John A.
Faull. father of John. Henry. Mary and
Sophie Faull and Mrs. R. Wayman. a native
of England, aged C3 years i months and 2 i
days. ,
GEANEV— In Xapa, March 4, 1901. Julia j
Geaney, beloved, sister of Jeremiah Geaney,
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged ii
years.
G LYNX— In this city. March 2. 1301. James,
beloved huvband of Lizzie Glynn. and father
Of Ignatius, Thomas, William and Joseph
Glynn and Mrs. John Manlon, a native of ;
Athlone, County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 63
years 9 months and 3 days.
E~Frlends and acquaintances «r» respect- [
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission street,
thence to SL- Rose's Church for services,
commencing at 2:33 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cepvetery.
HAYES— In this city. March 4. 1901. Mary
Elizabeth, deariy beloved daughter of John
J. and-LllIie Keliy Hayes, and grandchild cf
Mr. and Mrs. M. H. Kelly, a native, of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 2 months and 2 days.
HILTON— In East Oakland, March 4. 1901. at
1313 Twelfth avenue. William H., son of
Stephen and Julia Hilton, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 2S years 5 months and 27 days.
JAMES— In Oakland. March 3. 1901. Francis
W., beloved husband of Lizzie James of
Berkeley, a native of Boston. Mass.
CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 1:20 o'clock, at Odd Fellows' Chapel.
San Francisco, under the auspices of Occi-
d*-ntnl Lodge Xo. 22. F. and A. M.
JONES— In Alameda, March 4, 1901. Mrs. C. G.
Jones, a native of Maine, aged 5S years.
1 C~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 12:15 o'clock, from Fowler's
undertaking parlors. Park street. Alameda.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery, San Fran-
cisco.
KROSBERG-In the City and County Hospital.
March 3. 1901. Edward Kroeberg. a native of
Sweden, azed 6« years.
LA VOIE— In this city. March 2. 1901. Eugenie
La Vole, wife of Philip La Vole, a native of
Canada, aged 30 years.
LAE— In this city, March 2. 1301. Anton X.
La«. a native of Xorway. aged 53 years. A.
member of Court Eclipse Xo. 14. F. of A.
lE^Frtends and members are respect-
! fully invited to attend the funeral this day
: (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 40S
I Powell street, near Poet, under the auspices
of Court Eclipse Xo. 14, F. of A. Interment
Laurel Hl!l Cemetery.
MAHONE- In this city. March 4. 1901. Alfred
Crawford, beloved son cf A. W. and Anasta-
»ia Mahone, a native of Ban Francisco, aged
2 years 1 month and 21 days. i
MULLER— In this city, March 3, 1301, at 1:35
; p. m., at the German Hospital. Jacob Muller,
! the great barytone, beloved husband of Mrs.
i Ffibbri-Muller.
' CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:50 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 718 Ellis street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
N1T4GEX— In this citv, March 3. 1DC1, Stefan
NitT^en, brother of Mrs. Charles Lammer-
man, and uncle Of Edna Aitken. a native of
Rhein. Germany, aged 34 years.
ICTThe funeral will tak» place this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
i H. F. Suhr A Co. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment private,,
I PP.OQUITTE— In this city. March 4. 1001. Rlcn-
j ard Pro<iuitte, beloved husband of Emma
! Proquitte, and father of Martha and Alice
Proquitte. a native of Bteslau. Germany,
aged 42 years 4 months and 5 days.
! RECTOR— In this city. March 4, 1901, at the
I residence of Mrs. J. G. James ther slster-ln-
law), Marparet Alice, dearly beloved wife of
j E. J. Rector of Nevada City. Cal., and
mother of G. J. and E. M. Rector, a native
of Missouri.
!C~ Funeral* services will be held this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at H31 Howa?d street.
REED— In this city. March 4, 1901, Thomas
Reed, beloved husband of Ellen Reed, ar.d
brother of Mrs. R. McGiynn and Ella. Wil-
liam. John end Christopher Reed, a native
of Utlca, X. Y., aged 27 years 6 months and
18 days.
RYAN— In this city. -"March 4. 1301.' John M.
Ryan, beloved son of Lawrence and Annie
Ryan. & native of San Francisco, aged 28
years and 2 months.
I fC7Xotlce o? funeral hereafter.
! SHIELDS-In this city. Mareh 4. 1301. Corporal
Thomas M. Shields, beloved husband cf Mag-
gie Shields, and father of Mary. Virginia.
! Josephine. Kelton. Garrison. CaDron and
! Laura Shields, a naflve of Xew York City,
I a<red 33 years 5 months and 12 days, A
member of Battery *>. Third- Artillery.
ETXctice of funeral hereafter.
! SIXS— In this city, March 4. 1*01. Grace Mar-
i cHla Hims, a native of San Francisco, aged
j U year o months and 15 days.
j THOMPSON— In this city. March' 4. 1901. Rob-
i ert Thompson, beloved brother of Gertrude.
I Lillian and .Thomas Thompson and Mrs. J.
I A. Magee, a native .of San Francisco, aged
1 26 years and 10 months.
t .(CTIhe funeral will take place to-morrow
I (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from his late
I residence, 722 Ellis street.
! WEXBAX— In this city. March 4. 1901. Simeon
i Wenban, beloved husband of Carrie Wenban,
j and beloved father of Mrs. W. O. Mills and
i Mrs. VT. P. Shaw, a native of Kent. Eng-
land, aged 76 years.
(CyXotice of funeral hereafter.
WHILEY— In Hongkong. China, March 3. 1301.
William Whlley, manager of Sperry Flour
i Company's Hongkong office.
• WITT— In this city. March 2. 1301. Albert D.
1 Witt, a native of 'Wisconsin, aged SO years.
CT?" Friends and actr-ialntanoes are respect-
fully" Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuetday). at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 10:40
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
WURTZ (nee Merm .et)— In this city. March 2,
ISCi. Gertrude Wurtz, beloved wife of Louis
Wurt*, and mother of John B. Hymles. a na-
tive of France, aged 49 yeers.
tt7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
( Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of- Julius S. Godeau, 303 Montgomery avenue,
thence to Notre Dame des V ictoir— t rrcu..i
Church, where services -will be held.
YA1ES— In this city. March S. 1901. William
Henry Yates, beloved hushand of Ellen M.
Yates. and father of Walter Henry and Wil-
liam F. Yates, Mrs. D. C. Barber. Mrs. M.
L. Mowry and Mrs. Wlnfleld Scott.
(C~ Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tuesday),
at 1 o'clock, at his late residence. 3029A Cali-
fornia street! Interment private. Please
- omit. Bowers. ' :-.V'-Y¦¦Most .every, one. who .has whl«key for sale
compares ' Its virtues to Jesse ; Moors "AA"-
Whiskey. •
UNITED STATES CIRCUIT COURT OF AP
PEALS DECISION— The United' States Circuit
Court of' Appeals rendered a decision ' yesterday
reversing •/ the - interlocutory " decree .-' and : , dls-'
missingr the. bill In the case of- the Los Angelen
tjnlverslty,- '.the :; College - Oil -Company . and
Rlcliard Green vs.' Ernest A: Swath fnd August
¦; Mrs. C.-AV.'. Kevins, wife- of ¦ the Well
known printer of this city, • met ; with a
serious accident a few ; evenings since.
.While ! ascending I the .steps leading: to the
front daor of her home,' she stumbled." fell
and sustained a fracture of the bones of
the -left arm. The lady will be confined
to her* home for several weeks.
Mrs. -Uevins'. Arm "; Broken-
The Inauguration of New Carpets
> and Furniture a Grand Success.
All day yesterday the big store of the
Pattoslen Co. .was crowded, with buyers.
People were astonished - at tho 1 new de
signs .which are out this spring. . . The
stock indeed looks tempting. It is Impos
sible to descrtba the different styles of the
many, carloads which arrived. "Wagon af
terwagon • of 'furniture has gono out,
beautifying ¦ many ' homes,' this . being tho
last' week of. the' great challenge sale.
From the looks of yesterday's crowds this
Is sure to be, the banner week of this sale.
It, In fac,t. has .to be so; ns the;Pattoslen
Co.. cut the prices so low ;that the people
are sure. to buy at the corner of Sixteenth
and Mission streets.
The defendants were indicted along with
E. D. Swift, a contractor,, by the jprapd
Jury in June. 1S97, for having conspired to
defraud ¦ the School Department in >,charji
ing- against the- department' that" j.104.940
feet. of lumber had, been, delivered , to
department, whereat? In ff-ct,. only 393,000
feet had been delivered. ' The defendants,
together with 1 Swift, were tried, on tha
charge and were acquitted. They were* re
Indictedby.a subsequent; Grand Jury.-and
it; is on: that relndictment ; that : they < nra
now being tried.' Swift, when' the 'cases
The second • trial . of Thomas Bums, ex-
School . Director, and J. J., O'Brien. ex-
Superintendent of Public School Buildings
and Grounds, on the cnarge of grand lar
ceny, was commenced " before Judge Cook
yesterday.: A jury was impaneled, com
posed of . E. C. Young, C. M. T. Parker,
M." R. HIgglns, I. Schwartz. Ed Ackerman.
W. J. Donlan. A. H.Glrim. William Stei
ger, J. J. Affoiter, B. Relnhold./A.; New
mark, and Henry L.ackmann, to try: th'i
case. The defendants were represente.l
by Attorneys T. D. Riordan and J. Sam
uels. ¦ Assistant District I Attorney 'Deuprey
conducted the prosecution. '.¦".«•
Grand Larceny.
Trial Before Judge Cook for
Thomas Burns and J. ' J. ; O'Brien' on
OLD SCHOOL BOARD
• ;^v2 SCANDAL REVIVED
The only witnesses examined yesterday
were John H. Hansen, secretary , of . the
Board of Education, and \V. W. Wells:
chief deputy in the Auditor's office. The
case will be continued this morning.
were. called, demanded and was granted
a separate trial. '.- -t .- - •• v.;-" ¦ -
-UNITED STATES CIVIL 8ERVICE EXAM
INATIONS—The United States Civil Service
Commission announces that examinations win
be held in San Francisco and other cities hav
ing free postal delivery on the following dates
for the positions named: March 25— Nautical
expert In the " hydrographlc. office. Bureau of
Equipment. Navy Department, salary $1000 per
annum; April S — Assistant Treasury Agent for
the Seal Islands. Alaska. - salary K19O per an
num. Persons Intending to compete should ap
ply to the United States Civil Service Commis
sion at Washington; D. C. for application
forms - 304 and • 375. .which should be filled out
and returned to the commission. -
- PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY— Petitions in
Insolvency were filed . yesterday In the United
States District Court as follows: f J. .W. Shay,
mechanic, Sacramento. $34t> &> liabilities and no
assets:. A. Anderson & Co.. "sometimes called
E. Anderson St. Co.." of Victoria Island. San
Joaquln County, liabilities *1OS1 89. assets U0O;
Emll Anderson <of the same firm), liabilities
$203 20 no assets: Alfred Nyberg (of the same
firm) liabilities $4*0. assets |330; Margaret A.
Ball Santa Clara County, as stockholder In
Union Savings Bank of San Jose, liabilities
J45.SCO and no assets: "William S. Adams. Sa.n
Francisco, coffee roaster, liabilities J1034 03, no
assets. , . . * '
JOCKEY WEDDERSTRAND ACCUSED OF
FRAUD— The answer of the California Jockey
Club to the suit brought aralnst that corpora
tion by Jockey Charles Wedderstrand was tiled
yesterday In the" United States CircuH Court.
The answer denies that the racecourse at Em
eryville ¦ is public or that the club la public
and alleges that Wedderstrand was ruled eft
tHo track because on December 8. 1900, he was
"guilty of" corrupt and fraudulent practices"
by '"holding up" his horse.
MARSHALL B. W00DW0RTH COX
FIRMED—The appointment of Marshall B.
Woodworth was confirmed by the United States
Senate last Sunday, and he will take the oath
of office as United States District Attorney on
Thursday before United States Circuit Judge
Morrow, should his commission arrive by tflat
time. ' ¦
STEAMSHIP SANTA ANA LJBELED— The
St. Paul Fire and Marine Insurance Company
filed- a libel suit .yesterday against the steam
ship Santa Ana to recover $3339 T5 damages
sustained by a cargo of merchandise - from
water and steam while a fire in the hold of the
vessel was being extinguished.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
'J. C. ' Campbell, potentate: A. »W. McKenxle,"
chief rahban: W. H. F. Titus, assistant rabban:
George -W. Wittman. hlsh priest and prophet;
H.. B. Ream, outer "guide; Thomas -Morton.
treasurer; 1 . H. T. Graves, recorder: Henry As
croft, first master of. ceremonies; John Bennett.
Those Who Attended.
When the orchestra, cut 'off the orators,
according to programme, there was a
shuffling of. feet and rustling of skirts
in' the halls. Dancing was thcorder of
the evening. Tired though they may have
been after the long Journey, the guests of
Islam Temple thoroughly entered into the
spirit of . the occasion, and - the night
passed merrily for all concerned.
- Those who ' participated were drawn
from the "Divan of 1901," and Included the
following named officers of the temple and
invited euests> '¦ - ¦;*•.
Samuel M. Shortridge gave a short dis
sertation on California . , hospitality, and
was at his best as the orator of the night.
He said he knew that these visiting guests
wanted to learn' something about the wild
and woolly West, of which they, had read
so- much and had seen so little, but was
glad that the opportunity for personal
Inspection made the tales of orators un
necessary. . • ¦ ¦--- ¦'¦
Potentate Winsor was thoroughly alive
to the occasion and said a whole lot of
nice things about! California. He was glad
that he came, he said, promised to come
again, and then spoke about the pilgrim
age. He reciprocated the greetings given,
and declared that he was but the mouth-,
piece of the organization and rite that he
represented. His remarks • were . particu
larly happy and apropos.
Extended Keys of the City.
During the evening In the main court
yard an orchestra, under the direction of
Charles Cassasa, rendered the following
programme:
Overture. '"Martha" Klotow
Selection, "Albion" Baetens
Concert waltz. "Toujours ou Jamals"...'. ...
Waldteufel.
"Caprice Salome" ' Loralne
Selection. "11 Trovatore" Verdi
Cake walk. "Smoky Mokes"
Selection. "Wizard of the Nile" '..Herbert
Sextet and finale, "Lucia" Donizetti
Oriental scene Laugey
Gems, "Robin Hood" De Koven
"Arle and Finale" — Bach
"Stars and Stripes" Sousa
While the band was playing there were
some interesting things going on in the
Maple Hall. Illustrious Potentate J. C.
Cumpbell extended formally the shake of
welcome and turned over, metaphorically
speaking, the keys of the city to the
visiting Shriners. The offer was duly ac
cepted by the Imperial Potentate, Lon'B.
"Winsor.
At the reception given in the evening
the Maple and Marble rooms of the Palace
were at the use of the visitors, and the
fezsed Shriners of the local temDles did
the best thing possible to make them
happy. Palms of all kinds, with vari
colored, bunting, decorated the halls. An
excellent string orchestra discoursed the
dance music, and the throng made merry
whlle the hours rolled on.
Reception in the Evening:.
will assist in keeping their feet off the
waters between the two cities. Lon B.
"Wlnsor. the imperial potentate, promise*
to see that the new temple will be a m
tlng adjunct to. the others throughout
the United States and Its belongings.
Mark Elllngsen, the lookout man at the
Fort Point station, was present during
the investigation and will be called upon
to-day to Rive his testimony. The investi
gation will be resumed at 9:30 this raorr
ing-
Second Officer Graham Coghlan testified
that when the steamer struck she blew
two blasts of the whistles about- seven
to ten seconds loner to man the boats and
after that the distress signal. After the
distress signal was blown th« whistle
cord was tied bo that the whistle 'blew
continuously fir about six minutes. 'Chief
Kngineer Herlihy corroborated Mr. Cogh
lan's testimony as to the blowing of ¦ tha
whistles. ¦ . :"• ¦ ¦
Edwin M. Borg. storekeeper of the Rio."
•was the first witness. He testified that
he heard the fire alarm signal to take
stations and abandon the ship. Before
he left his stateroom he heard one lor;?
•whistle and another whistle continue!
blowing until he arrived on deck. Me
recollected no whistles other than the twj
mentioned. He had been on the Rio for
two voyages and had never known of ti
boat drill having taken place on boai.i
during the whole of that period. Geoi-go
J. Inplehardt. freight clerk of the Rio.
testified that the regular fog whistles
were blown on the Rio until she. went
down. After .the vessel struck the two
•whistles were sounded at once. The whit
tles continued blowing until- the steamer
went down.
on the occasion of the wreck of the Rio
de Janeiro. • . '
Lawrence W. Atkins. Detroit. Mich.; Joseph
W. Taylor, Webb City, Mo.; James T. Ash
worth. Des Molnes, Iowa: H. Ashley and wife.
Mies Alice M. Ashley. Norwood. X. Y.: Miss
Lizzie Anderson. Grand Rapids, Mich.; Dr. T.
W. Blake. Alpena. Mich.; Dr. ¦ J. W. Brown.
Sioux Falls. S. D:; Dr. J. L. Benepe and wife,
Indianapolis, Ind.: John Blakely, New York
City; Dr. Louis Barth and wife. Grand Rapids,"
Mich.: W. \V. Branch and wife. Charleston. XV.
Va. : Charles Becker. Indianapolis. Ind.; J. B.
Barnett and wife, Humansvliie, Mo. : John U.
Black, Valley City. N. D.; Dr. Fred X. Bonine.
Xilep. Mich.; R. C. Barr, Chicago. III.: Pr. 0.
C. Bunting. Easton, Pa.: John R. Bordeaux,
Butte. Mont.: W. H. Currier and wife. Toledojs
Ohio; Bernhardt Cramer. Grand Rapids, Mich.;
Donald F. Campbell. Traverse City. Mich.: Jo
eiah S. Caldwell, Benton Harbor. Mich.; H. A.
Crawford. Miss Anna Crawford. Flint. Mich.;
Charles Chipman and wife, Watertown, X. Y. ;
Joseph F. Crater and wife, Kaston, Pa.; Mr^.
T. M. Callahan, Longmont. Colo.: O. M. Clark*.
Kheboysan. Mich.; Miss Mabel Clark. Sheboy
gan. Mich.; G. Chiera and wife. San Francisco,
Cal. ; Miss Campbell. Ban Francisco. Cal.;
James K. Crofut aDd wife. Hinsbury, Conn.:
A. K. Detwiler. Toledo. Ohio; George C.
Dlefenderfer and wife, Orwi-rsburg, Pa.;
C. V. Djkman and wife, Brooklyn. N.
T.: C. B. Dean, Detroit, Mich; B. • L;
Dewe>. I">owglac. Mich.; F. O. Evans
and wife. Des Molnes, Iowa; Samuel Felt and
¦wife. Watertown. N. '. Y. ; Charles E. Fink,
Grand Rapids. Mich.; J. J. , Fisher, Bridge
port. Conn.; George A. Grepg, Quarry, Iowa;
Joteph M. Gaige. Croswell, Mich.; 8. 1 S.
Getchell, Woonsocket, R. I.; Thomas F. Gar
ratt. Grand Rapids. Mich.; D. D. Hanover.
Alpena. Mich.; Alexander Halliday, St. Jo
seph, Mich.; Rolla W. Hess, St. Louis, Mo.;
C. A. Hungerford and wife, Watertown, N.
Y.; John D. Holsman. Guthrle Center. Iowa;
Dr. T. S. Hacker. Indianapolis. Ind.: J. C.
Herkner. Grand Rapids. Mich.: L. C. Hill and
wife. Honey Grove. Texan: Miss I.tna Haag,
Kansas City, Mo.; S. O. Hendy and wife, A.
Hlsomada and wife, San Francisco; W. O. P.
Jacobs, Aberdeen, S. D.; Mrs. M. E. Jones.
Toledo, Ohio; Mrs. George P. Jones, Findlay,
The Shriners Who 'Are Here.
Th» numbers went .icrcss the bay and
met Lon B. Winsor. supreme potentate,
and his visiting guests and escorted him
to thfr Palace Hotel, where headquarters
has been established.
In the caravan were the following
named pilgrims:
Jacob Hart TCefff Ohalrrnan). Asa R. Wells,
Brilefor<l P. Flint. William D. Knights. George
B. McKee. John I. Pabin. Geonte D. Clark. Jahn
M. Curtis. Lippman Sachs, William Kettner,
Reuben H. Lloyd. John F. Merrill. Samuel II.
Wagener, John D. Spreckela, Louis Glass. Al
bert P. Booth. Frank McGowan. Frank W.
Sumner. George E. Ames and Arthur G. Towne.
A reception c.imifittee of the nobles
•who keep the Pacific-bordered sand dunes
from getting hotter thin they really
ought to be, met them, "frapp*." at the
gate of the ferry and saw that they were
properly conducted* to their tents and
other places. . This committee consisted of
the following named:
BETWEEN traversing the hot
sands of the Mojave desert, and
enjoying hospitality at various
points en route, the Mystic
Shriner pilgrims who arrived In
this city at noon yesterday were a tired
but happy lot. They brought their cam
els and other appurtenances with them
and landed in the San Francisco oasis
¦shortly after noon.
A quiet wedding ; was celebrated at the
residence of the Jesuit Fathers about'ten
days : ago when ' Frank P. " Haynes was
united to' Miss Zoe E.' Marston. The con
tracting parties are well known in San
Francisco, both possessing, a host of
friends,.who, as soon as they heard'of the
marriage, made, haste to tender to the
happy • couple wishes of good . luck and
prosperity. The wedding ceremony was
performed by Rev.. Father Bell.
Frank P.' Haynes is a prominent younjr
attorney, enjoying a large and lucrative
practice - In this ¦ cTty . and his wif « i is the
beautiful and accomplished • daujrhter of
the late Gerald Marston. :- - ;
Daughter.
Quietly, to a Handsome Native
Prominent Young . Lawyer Is Joined
FEANK-P. HAYNES WEDS '
BEATJTIFTJX ZOE MABSTON
"From the^.Palace Hotel and around the
bay shore to the Cliff House, and back to
the' starting 'point, will be the caravan's
daylight itinerary, to-day. At night China
town will be. thrown wide open, and visit
ing guests will be Introduced to the mys
teries of fantan, chopsticks; plegow, yen
Fhee- and' some" other "things as they do
not know of in the East.
Itinerary ; for To-Day.
second master of ceremonies: C. li. Field, di
rector; H. J. Burns, marshal: W. H. Smith,
captain of the guard; R. H. Mowbray, outer
guard.
Mr. and Mrs. George E. Ames, Mr. and Mrs.
T. P. Andrews. Dr. and Mrs. J. Stow Ballard,
Mr. and Mrs. Frank D. Bates, Mr. and Mrs. A.
A. Batkln. Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Benedict. Dr.
and Mrs. James A. Black, Mr. and Mrs. L.. F.
Breuner, Mrs. and Mrs. T. H. Browne, Mr, and
.Mrs. A. E. Buckingham, Mr. and Mrs. J. W.
Burnham. Dr. and Mrs. E. R, Bryant. Mr. and
Mrs. Joseph C. Campbell, Mr. and Mrs. George
D. Clark. Mr. and Mrs. William Cluff. Mr. and
Mrs. J. J. Crawford, Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Curtis,
Mr.' and Mrs. E. B. CuUer, Mr. and Mrs. Jeffer
son Doolittle, Mr. and Mrs. George E. Dow,
Mr. and Mrs. R, A. Eddy. Mr. and Mrs. Milton
S. Eisner. Mr. and Mrs. Chester H. Evans. Mr.
and Mrs. Charles L.. Field. Mr. and Mrs. B. P.
Flint. Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Fraser. Mr. and Mrs.
William S. Gage. Mr. and Mrs. Louis Glass,
Mr. and Mrs. 1 R. B. Hale, Mr. nnd Mrs. Thomas
L. Henderson. Mr. and Mrs. -S. J. Hendy. Dr.
and Mrs. Thomas I>. Hill, Mr. and Mrs. ~Lt M.
Hoefler. Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Holmes, Mr.
and Mrs R. P. Hurlbut. Mr. and Mrs.
Martin Jones, Dr. and Mrs. C. G. Ken
yon, Mr. and Mrs. George W. Klngsbury.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Klrkpatrlck. Mr. and
Mrs. O. A. Knlgrht. Mr. and Mrs. William E.
I^utz, Mr. and Mrs. John Lee Jr.. "Mr. and
Mrs. C. H. Llndley, Mr. and Mrs. George \V.
LlDDtnann, Mr. and Mrs. <\ A. Luhrs Mr.
and Mrs. D. W. Martin. Mr. and Mrs. John
F. Merrill. Mr. and Mrs. George D. Metcalf.
l>r. and Mrs. George C. Pardee. Dr. and Mrs.
J. M. Pee). Mr. . and Mrs. William Frank
Pierce, Mr. and Mrs. Charles M. Plum, Mr.
and Mrs. .A.. C. Rulofson, Mr. 'and Mrs. John
I.Sabin. Mr. and Mrs. Lippman Sachs. Mr.
and Mrs. H. J. Sadler, Mr. and Mrs. A. W.
Scott, Mr. and Mrs. S. M. Shortiidge. Mr. and
Mrs. C- W.. Slack, , Mr. and Mrs. Clarence M.
Smith. Mr. and <¦ Mrs. J. G. Spauldlng,
Mr. and Mrs. Frank W. Sumner, Mr.
and Mrs. William M. Thornton. Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. F. Titus. - Mr. and Mrs.
A. G. Towne-. Mr. and Mrs. A. H.' Vail. Mr.
and Mrs. R. IT. Warfleld. Mr. and Mrs. Asa K
Wells, Dr. and. Mrs, .0.. F. Westphal, Mr. and
Mrs. , F. A. Wlckersham. Mr. and Mrs.
James M. Wilklns, Mr. and Mm. C.
Tf. Wilson, Mr. and ' Mrs.' C. S. Wri»rht.
Mr. and Mrs.. , John . Williams. Mr.
nnd Mrs. Lewis Anzner, Franklin H. Day,
Mr. and Mrs. B. N. .Raleigh, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles' Stukman. Mr. ..and' Mrs. J.
J. Llebold. -William • Edwards. • John Thomp
son, Mr. and JMrs. Charles Habenlcht. Mr.
and Mrs. A. II. Chrlstensrn, Mr. , and Mrs. J.
W. Anderson. Judge . S. C. Denscn. Antone
Cree^an. Mr. and Mrs. ¦ John Tonnlngsen. Mr.
and Mrs. C. -II. vHuntsmann.- A. G.- Baldwin,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles I... Patton. Mr. and Jim.
J. K. Firth, - J. - D. Abrams. . Mr. ttnd Mrs.
William Lewis, Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Levy.
Mr. and Mrs. S.- W.. Buckingham. Mr. and
Mrs. Robert / McMillan. Arthur L. Piper.
Mr. and Mrs. ¦ A. E. Brown. . Mr. and Mrs.
George D. Graham. Carroll Cook and daugh
ters. Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Hinde, -Mr. and Mrs.
Bert Davis.* Mr. and Mrs. Charles Bliss, Mr.
and Mrs. H. D.. Robblns, Mr. and Mrs. John
Lackmann. t Henry - S. Martin. Mr. ."and Mrs.
Clarence F.'Coburn, Mr. and Mrs. C. Hellegey,
Mr. and Mrs. C. R. McKulty, Mr. and Mrs. H.
"R. Browne. Mr. and Mrs. -H. D. Lovcland,
Mr. and Mrs. John" P. Frazer, Mr. and Mrs.
Theodore 'Relchert. Herbert F? Walton, Mr.
nnd. Mrs. Frank W. Sumner. Mr. and Mrs.
Charles!.,. Hasklll. Mr. and Mrs. F. L.. Tur
pln and Mr. • and Mrs. J. D. Clark.
The delegation will start for Honolulu on
Wednesday nisht to Institute a new tem
ple In the newly acquired territory/- The
stcamrhlp Martposa of the Oceanic Line
Literary— Charles H. Murphy (chairman).
Curtis G. Kenyon, Charles H. Wilson, James
M. Gassaway and Thomas L. Hill. • ¦ •
Printing — George R. Armstrong « (chairman).
James G. Spauldlngr." Krank .c. Van Shalck,
Clarence 1 M. Smith, and George F. Neal. - •.
Music— Samuel" D. Mayer (chairman), Alfred
A. Botkln and Charles I* Gage. * - : , > ,
Purveying— James M. -.Wllklns (chairman),'
Louis A. Arzner. William S. Miller, Thomas
H. Browne and Edward B. ! Hlndes.- ¦ . f •
Finance— William ' D. Keyston (chairman).
Franklin H. Day. William E. Lutz, George E.
Dow and Luman .WaJliain. • - • .
. Executive— Charles L. : Field (chairman), '.John
H. Gray. John P. Fraser. John Williams. Rob
#rt B. Moore, Milton S. Eisner. Samuel J.
Hendy, Louis F. Breuncr, Courtland S. Ben
edict, Martin Jones and William Edwards...
The committee? who had charge of- the
reception anrl. its . arrangements were
composed as fo'lows: ;
Committees in Charge.
At the Palace Hotel. Nobles " Murohy
and. Field pave Instructions as to the best
points to visit. The pUirrims made in a
happy, lolly throne, be3ecked with colors
and badges. Many of them wondered at
the warmth of the March sun, and sought
cooling refreshments.
Ohio; Charles B. Judd. Grand Rapids. Mich.:
N r . J. Johnson, Ames, Nebr. ; Dr. Samuel John-
Kon, Asbury Park. Is\ J. : Peter Kettenrlng.
Defiance, Ohio; Frank V. Knauss, Portsmouth,
O.: Walter Karch. Chicago; G. F. Kuhles, Miss
Clara F. Kuhles. Pt. Paul: Karl A. Lott. Mrs.
1'eter S. hott, Flint, Mich.: Daniel W. Law
rence. M»dford, Mass. ; Frank \V. Lyle. Dowa
glac, Mich.; F. W. Lewis and "trite, Indianap
olis, Ind. ; J. B. Lamble and wife, "Washing
ton, D. C; A. W. Miller, Clinton. Iowa; •W.
C. Monroe. - Flint. Mich.: J. C. Moore, Mrs.
J. F. Moore. Corning. N. Y. : John Mowat.
Grand Rapids, Mich. ; A. E. Morey and wife.
Detroit, Mich.; A. Morrison. Cincinnati, Ohio;
W. H. McGregor, ; Detroit. Mich.; James
Nelson, Leadvllle, Colo.; A. W. Now,
Chicago. 111.: P. T. Prltchard and ¦wire,
Woodhull. 111.: C- C. Phllbrlck, Grand
Rapids. Mich.: G. F. Peterson. East
Grand Forks, Minn.; J. H. Palln, wife and
son Mllburn. Mrs. William Palln. Grand
Rapids, Mich.: George H. Perry. Sioux Falls.
P. P.; St. Clalr Parry. Indianapolis. Ind.; T.
I. Phelps and wife. Greenville, Mich.: Mr». C.
V. Purcell. Kansas Cily. Mo.; 8. R. Fhelps
and wife. Norwood, • N. ' T. ;• S. S. Patten, Au
gusta. Me.; W. F. . Peterson and wife, San
Francisco: C. B. • Qulgley and wife. Grand
Rapids. Mich.: S. O. Reynolds, Billings, Mont. ;
B. W. Kowell. Lynn, Maes. : J. B. Roos, James
lown. N. T. ; J. M. Raymond. Salem. Mass.;
L. Rosenthal. West P«'lnt. Neb.: C. J,. Sher
wood. Dowaglac, Mich.: George F. Sinclair and
wife. Grand Rapids, : Mich.: N. A. Stoddard.
Reed City. Mich.; R. -H. Stafford, Buffalo. N\
Y.; J. M- Stoever and wife. Philadelphia, Pa,;
W. A. Schrieber and wife. Cincinnati, . Ohio;
T. W. Strahan and wife. Miss Nellie Strahan,
Grand Rapids, Mich.; George- N. Schofleld.
Philadelphia. Pa.: J. Jj.*Mj Shetterly and wife.
San Francisco; • Henry Setzer'Jr.. Bridgeport,
Conn.; Dr. J. A. Thompson. • Travers City.
Mich.; II. G. Van Court, Philadelphia. Pa.;
B. I). Vaughan and wife. Bellevue. Mich. ; L.
E. Wood. Mies, Mich.: H. F. -Wood and wife.
Indianapolis. Ind.: John G. Wood. Indianapolis.
Ind.; i-iou B. Winsor. imperial potentate. Reed
City. Mich.; "William Went* and -wife. .Man
istee. Mich.: Miss Mary A. Wyle. Kansas City,
Mo. : John Waddell and wife. Grand Raplda,
Mich.: T. • B. Warren; and ' wife. . Bridgeport.
Conn.: Thomas J. Wlnckler. • Asbury Park, - N.
'.I.: J. H. Watson. Weonsocket. R. I.: W. T.
Whitman and wife. South Arm,. Mich.; Dr. T.
A. Warner, Indianapolis, Ind.
Twcnty-elght different kinds of food are
needed to feed the animals In the Ber
lin Zoo.
Judge Seawell made an order yesterday
ejecting Mrs. Elizabeth Gladstone from
the house at Dupont and Francisco
streets she now occupies. The property
belongs to aged ° Joseph Boardman, tha
Oakland capitalist, against whom Mrs.
Gladstone recently recovered Judgment
for $25,000 damages for breach of promise.
Mrs. Gladstone claimed the right to oc
cupy the house under an alleged agree
ment with Boardman to the effect that 1*
she would care for the same she mlsht
live there rent free for the rst of hr days.
Judgment has been given against her.
however, and she must vacate.
Mrs. Gladstone Must Move.
On account of his position at the Im
perial University and the fifty years he
has spent in China Dr. Martin's opinions
must necessarily carry a great deal of
weight. After the war between China
and the powers he came hack to America
and has been sojourning In the East, but
will sail next Thursday on the Coptic to
resume his work in the orient. In his ad
dress yesterday, which was delivered at
the afternoon session of the mission. Dr.
Martin spoke of the bravery and fortitude
of the women durinsr the siege of. Peking:,
cf their cheerfulness and the encourage
ment, which Inspired the men who were
defending the fortifications. It was the
Chinese superstition of the presence of
the railroads and steamboats, he thought,
that prompted the uprising.
Other speakers were Mrs. Johnson, wife
of a medical missionary In west Shantung
province, and Mrs. Lowrle, - who was at
Paotingfu. and who spoke of "The Hope
for China." . »&*#:>£<«.£*
Unusual Interest -vas manifested yester
day at the regular monthly meeting of
the Occidental Mlselon . because of th»
presence of Dr. W. A. P. Martin, presi
dent of the Imperial University at Feklns,
who. gives a most graphic description of
the recent Boxer uprising and the causes
leading up to It. These were pronounced
by Dr. Martin to bo the commercial en
croachment and aggrandizement of the
powers rather than the advances at the
missionaries, which so manj^ have con
tended prompted the Boxer uprising and
slaughter. .
The meeting, which -was held In tha
Presbyterian Mission house at 920 Sacra
mento, street, was largely attended, and
at the usual noonday lunch more than
one hundred guests sat down. At the
morning session Mrs. Helen Bashford
Smith of Oakland presided and in the
afternoon Mrs. P. D. Brown occupied the
chair. 5« *•
Head of Peking University
Says Missionaries Are
Not at Fault.
STRIFE IN CHINA
LAID TO GREED
of 76 Years.
Simeon "Wenban. a pioneer mining man
of this State, died ?.t his residence. 1920
Van Ness avenue, yesterday afternoon.
His death was due to paralysis of the
heart, caused by an attack of asthma.
Deceased was a native of Kent. Eng
land, where he was born seventy-six
years ago. He was brought to this coun
try when 4 years of age by his parents
and came to California In 1854. He re
mained here until 1SGS, when he went to
Nevada and engacod in mining, which
business he followed to the time of his
death. It was ¦while superintending some
work at the mines of the Tenabo Mill and
Mining Company, of which he was presi
dent, that he was seized with the attack
that ultimately caused his death.
Mr. "Wenban was the owner of the prop
erty known as the Wenban Hotel, which
he built a few years ago. He Is survived
by a wife and two daughters, Mrs. TV. P.
Shaw and Mrs. W, O. Mills.
SIMEON WENBAN, PIONEEB
MINING MAN, PASSES AWAY
Succumbs to Paralysis at His Besi
dence at the Advanced Age
The prizes which were awarded at tha
seventh annual Purlin mask ball, which
was held last night under the auspices of
the Hebrew Social Club, were won as fol
lows: First prize, handsome costume for
ladies, Miss Dora Russell, princess; first
prize, handsome costume, gentleman. Ben
Hyman, prince; second prize, handsomo
.costume, lady. Miss Clara Scott; second
prize, handsome costume, gentleman.
Max Monasch; ladles' most original char
acter. Miss J. Lercara; gentleman's most
original character, O. Valenta: ladies'
best sustained character. Mrs. Flood, and
gentleman's best sustained character, D.
C Glud.
Purina Prizes Awarded.
Mystic Shriner Pilgrims, With; Red Fez, Scimeter and Crescent Be
decked, on Journey to Hawaii's Wave-Washed Shores, Find an
Oasis Where Peace and Plenty Reign and Hospitality Is Lavish
CROSS SANDS OF THE DESERT
TO REACH LAND OF BLOSSOM
Major Blakeney and Captain Munger
Conducting 1 an Investigation.
Major iilekeney. superintendent of th'?
T'r.ited Slates Life Saving Service for tho
Thirteenth District, and Captain T- C.
Munger of the Revenue Cutter Service,
began an inx'eslfgation yesterday morning
Into the charges of Inefficiency preferred
against the management of the service
LIFE-SAVEHS UNDER FIRE.
The body of a supposed victim of t!ie
Rio de Janeiro cl«astrt- was washed ashoro
at El Campo yesterday afternoon and tha
remains were taken to San Rafael by
Coroner Edpn of Marin County. It mf
thoucht £t first thct the body was that
of a Chin^s^. but an examination showed
it to be that of a white man. The re
mains are those of a man about i feet 6
inches tall, with a bald head. The body
was clad in a white . woolen sweater.
ftriped pants and gray woolen socks.
From the condition of the body it Is
thought that the man was making efforts
to remove the sweater at the time of h!s
death. The garment was half way off
and covered the head completely. N<>
papers were found on the body, but S25 It;
change were found in the pockets of the
trousers.
Two investigations were conducted yes
terday on the loss of the Rio. The United
States Inspectors of Hulls and Boilers
continued their inquiry as to the respon
sibility for the disaster, and another in
vestigation was made into the failure of
the lookout of the Fort Point life-saving
nation to heed the Rio's call for assist
ance.
Jordan Is Contradicted.
The contention of Pilot Jordan that he
did not want to bring the Rio into port
In a fog and that Captain Ward insisted
on doing so received a severe setback yes
terday. Jordan has Insisted all along that
he was not responsible for the loss of the
steamship, and th<- Pacitic Mail Company
claimed that a pilot was onlv a guide to
the captain, who alone had power to say
whrn a ship should come into porO
Herman Oelrichs. who for many years
•was connected with the North German
I>!<-yd Steamship Company, sent a tele
p:am «">n Saturday" to Gustav H. Schwab,
New York manager of that steamship
line, asking what rule was observed by the
company as to the authority of a pilot
rnd captain in bringing a ship Into port.
The answer received yesterday by Mr.
Oelrichs was as follows: "Pilot absolute
respecting course of ship entering port,
but we should never absolve captain from
all responsibility here."
Freight Clerk Inplehart of the Rio de
Janeiro also testified yesterday before In
spectors BoTles and Bulger that he had
be*n on \-f^r friendly terms with Captain
Ward, and that the lattervery often dis
cussed with him the question of entering
jv<rt.
Inerlehurt testified that .on the night the
Rio lay at anchor, and after the pilot had
been en hoard for sorr.e hours, he (Ingle
harti had pone to the captain's cabin to
get his reports signed.
Startling Testimony Given.
Wh^n asked by the inspectors if he had
held any conversation with Captain Ward
as to the tshi:> entering port, Inglehart
made the following startling statement:
"C'apLain Ward paid to me: 'This is
hell; we will enly have five days in port
now. The Dilot wants to take us in to
night, but I wont take Rny chances on
the ship or passengers, and perhaps lose
my position. I'll stay h«>re a week before
111 go into port in this fog.' "
Chief Engineer Herlihy was recalled to
too witness stand and admitted that he
had violated the rules of the Pacific Mail
Company by not being at his post and
having all his men on duty, as required
He was shown a copy of the rules, and
then paid:
"I will admit that all the men were not
on duty that morning. I am responsible
for that. I was not on duty myself, and
I zm the chief offender."
Herlihy maintained that ho heard no
orders or signals to abandon ship and
m;.n xhf boau. and that he did not think
the s=hii> was about to sink.
"I did not order my men up on deck to
rnan the boats/' said Herlihy, "because
I heard no orders to' that effect."
Th« witness then described the various
bulkhead* of the Bio and the. condition of
their- water-tight doors. The witness
tn< .U£ht that the ship had been cut open
abaft the main bulkhead on account of the
rapid t-ntry of water Into the engine and
E=rf T £2 rns - H t thou Sl)t that If his men
had been on the upper deck thev mieht
bTiiun^Xiir of many pa - en * ers
~Ff<tl sht Clcrk , Charles J. Inglehart. In
addition to testifying to the conversation
with Captain Ward, told of being. In beJ
™r n Jhe ship struck. He did not think
f£ t.™ ha V tJ^- mSnutes * la Psed between
the time th* Rio struck and went down
as as
Ship Torn Wide Open.
i/Lw? 03 .^., pteera^t Pt<!wa r d . testified
to being In his room when the ship struck
He told how he had gone to the various
storage departments and sent the passeii
ir n .,? rs r, tn * u PI> er deck. He was positive
all tbe steerage passengers reached the
V£ pe L d w Ck ' b 'L l *£ at tney dld not take any
llf* belts with them. The witness de.
penbed the Chinese passengers as being
orderly though In a hurry. When thl
boat tank the witness climbed up the rig
.. "perything: tore wide open." he said
whep the ship started to plunge down"
He told of the awful screams of the peo
ple who were cast Into the waters and
described how be clung to wreckage and
wes picked up by a boat. He fixed the
time from the striking to the sinking of
the ship at ten minutes. Witness also tes
tified as to the long distress whistles
pounded by the Rio. «="«-o
E. M. Borg. storekeeper of the Rio. wa»
then placed on the stand. ' The most im
portant part of Borg's testimony wag
whrn he was asked if he heard orders
given to abandon ship and man the boat.-.
Contradicts Chief Engineer.
'1 went to my room to dress," said
Borjr. "after I rao out when the shin
etruck. I asked the third assistant ene-i
neer what the matter was and he aske.I
me if I did net have sense, enough to
know when the ship was aground. Whll*
I was In my room, which was on the main
deck. I heard the captain give the ord~r
for everybody to come on deck and man
the boats. The captain said the women
m-jFt so in the boats first I heard the
captain talking to the chief engineer at
that time. They were both on the main
dfk near ray room"
This portion of the testimony of the
witness created a sensation, as Chief En
gineer Herllhy Jias. sworn that lie neve
heard a command for the boats to be
manned or the shin abandoned and for
lhat reason he had allowed his men to re
main on the main d*»ck, where they haJ
no chanoe f"r their lives.
Horp testified also that his watch
stopped at 5:44 a. m. and that he had set
It hy the ship's bell, which was struck
r-n lcn-ai jimp. Second Officer Ooehlan has
testified that the Fhip struck at 5:20 a. m
noting the time hy the quartermaster's
clock. This would show that the ship was
nf.nni for two»ity-four minutes after th<»
time she struck.
Th- investigation will be resume to
6ay at 1 i>. m.. when same cf the passen
gers c.t the lost vessel will testify.
Startling Testimony Is Pre
sented at Official
Inquiry.
WMteMan'sRemains
FoundatElCampo
Yesterday.
SEA CIVES UP
BUT ONE BODY
FROM THE RIO
Owing to the unsatisfactory condition
of affairs. in Chinatown Chief of Police
Sullivan intends in a few days to with
draw the uniformed officers who have
been doing duty In .that quarter and as
sign the usual squad to hold the Mongol
ian gamblers in check. Since the with
drawal of Sergeant Brophy'and his men
from the Chinese quarter the Chief has
detailed a large number of uniformed
policemen to patrol the streets of China
town and prevent unlawful gambling.
Finding that the uniformed officers were
not a success in suppressing the games, the
head of the Police Department decided to
withdraw them and substitute a squad
composed of a sergeant of police and six
officers. Their duty will be to raid various
games prohibited by the Penal Code and
to arrest the keepers and players. .
Just who will compose the new squad is
not known except to the Chief, and he re
fuses to divulge their names. It is said,
however, that Sergeant McManus of the
Southern station is the choice of the Chief
for the head of the squad. McManus has
been in Chinatown before, and is looked
upon as one of the most honest men In
the Police Department. He is bitterly op
posed to again doing: duty in the Mongolian
quarter, and threatens to resign if he is
placed at the head of the new squad.
The greatest objection to uniformed of
ficers in Chinatown, according to the Chief,
is that the lookouts of the various games
have no trouble In locating the men when
they are about to make a raid, and they
Instantly give the alarm. The evidence is
promptly disposed of. and when the of
ficers enter they find the gamblers en
gaged in playing dominoes or some other
harmless game. "With the new squad
Sullivan confidently expects to at least
give the Mongolian gamblers a "run for
their money." * .' : -
¦ ¦ ¦ ,
He Will Shortly Select . a New-
Fosse to Wage War on
the Mongolian Gam
blers.
Chief Sullivan Intends to
Withdraw the Prwent
Force.
CHINATOWN SQUAD
TO BE REPLACED
and a Tiagedy r^
Besuits.
Unconscious . of any danger and scare*
realizing the meaning: of the word fire,
little Grace Marllle Sims, the eighteen
month-old daughter of Mr.' and Mrs. Peter
Sims, living at 36»£ Gilbert street, walked
through the flames that had been kindled
by her five-year-old sister in the rear of
the house yesterday and was fatally
burned 2>efore aid could come.
Just a few moments before the cruel
tragedy the mother of the children ha<*
gone to the front door to answer the rln, fi
of a peddler, leaving the little ones aloro
at their play In the yard. When Mrs.
Sims returned, in answer to the piercing
screams that came to her ears, she beheld
Miss Clara Koschnick; a neighbor, in the
act of ' stripping the burning garment*
from the body of the little one. The suf
ferer was removed to the Emergency Hos
pital and Dr. Malaby did everything In
his power to alleviate her sufferings, but
death came soon after 5 o'clock. Tua
accident occurred at noon.
So badly was the child burned that
every portion of the body, save the feet,
which had been protected by the shoe^,
was seared and roasted beyond any sem
blance of human flesh. The parents of the
little tot are heart broken from, the'r
loss.
Her Little Body Is Burned
in Bonfire Started by
Sister.
While Mother Is Absent the Elder
Child Plays With Matches
TOT'S LIFE GOES
OUT IN FLAMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MABCH 5, 1901.
¦ ' ' ' v
SHRINER PILGRIMS SHAKE OFF HOT SAND DUST OF DESERT IN PALACE HALLS.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Uil Heaters
Agateware
in, lorniniprc
j$Z*^SL JdiuliliclJ
w Bottom Lnina
Crockery
Glassware
/S\ DiDner Scts
I J ?« x 1 Toilet Sets
\£™l^ Artware m
Great American ImjorijTea Co.
CITY 6T0RB6.
V~ ! ->410 Grant Are., bs t. Post and 6utt»i
. 881 Markot St., opp. Powell.
I4O 6Uth 6t. 1419 Polk St.
112 Third St. 1319 Devlamdoro 8U
U« Ninth St. . 2OOS PillrnoM St.
SOO0 Slxtoenth St. S21 Montjom«rr A^»
2516 Mission St. 3235 Mission St.
700 Lorkin 6t. 2732 24th 6t.
035 Hayes 8 1. 475 Haliht St.
S2 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1055 Wsshlnaton 6t 1237 Broadway.
US5 23rd Ave. 616 E. I2th 6U
- I51O Svrmnth 8t.
ALAMEDA— 1333 Park St.
6AIS RAFAEL-B St., n««r Fourth.
70 Oth«r Branch Stores.
OIL
Consult me before purchasing stock and I will
put you
RI G H X.
JAS. E. T. MERSHON, -i
537, 538, 639, 650 Paprott Bulldln?.
8A2J FRANCISCO. CA1*
Memt»r of San Francisco Oil Excnang*.
Tickers from both Oil Exchanges In my orQc*.
"VAN VROOM 11 1
/V?\*^N SLsu I '
PAINLESS DENTISTRY! |
DR.MCNULTY.
fl'HWWKlX-KXOWN ATO RBLIABLE OL1\'
I 8pedall«t«ire*Blo<xJPolson.aonorrhC8a,Olw^
8trlctar»», HrmlnalWraknes*. Impotence and tb«'7
allied Dl.vnrders. Koolc^n Di.<t«a.<tr!t of M&n fr»^
Over30T*ttm>xp*r!ence.T^rtn«rea»onabio.Hoari!
»toSd*jfT:«U»toS.30eT'^Rund»y : ,.10toliC,,"^
t»Uon free and sacredly cooflden UaL Can o* address
P. BO8COB McXBLTY, M.D
20>iKeornySt., Franclae*, Cal>